 .0THEWS m m WASHIHGTOT.V - »» *htolerated the senttsaaat* a* a*tered_by flaotberamTHE LABOR MOVBMENT.yo» HIRALD, THURSDAY, MA1KJH 8, iMaV^jjJgggwere rend and adestod, _, asstog grauika'.oo at the to the world a hitherto undeveloped country! R ieMe, to teU BBBhow thM qoeacoo « " « * — . . present distress among Urn white slaves of toe North is ¥- HttMh«a u>ai atavery » a drain* taalMttes. la the Mass Meeting of the Hew Yoi* ekte, M>tell me how th* queaOon can be d*oaaooVwtth- maitiy attributable.t f . « f » -f t,» remarks b* MLrtfeat SJottiaerwet talked •rea; H.-W4 Ajtiaea a New England, forget^ng thatr .<*• *r« i t,i tu at toe slake *t th« iSoum.Mr luv•«., ;.>•«) at Mas. rose excised!*, and WM cma*, r a i n e d u> s a y ' h a t w e a s s e r t i o n w a s f a t e s .H/ »..4J«TainL, (dean ) ef<>a., aaade the petal of orderia«( no or n-.her ' of the House had a right to Bhel the r at-P ef arv tret-on, *Bd then ueay an opporveuity to m reprte'ntaiivea ta reply. He prasoaaeed thsasaertioa •r Mr Vac Wick tab* and oVeuaded.aw. Juv», uf Mas., wanted to know whether Mr. Van W i d »»»• it rvneeu to teat So'jifcern courage by gwtg oat «i UV f^at/ia af Columbia'Mr T*I W^cii a as aot to be a'erfovad wtb by bHeter t' u ^ i f ] Ontiemtn antra1.* r<"oatiect that for eight •. •k# !;hel aJi*? K>iai *aa cant oo r«p»hb< ins her*.Mr f.-Avav—We charged jo** truthfullydu:i. •-•c-.ea&eat BOWexerted-*t». ftarmiw, (rep.) of «%o rar&esVy demanded Jh* »."B.i3t«*s jtro tern., -Mr. WawcrrnvB, of F.feMM, re»l-«r «f Northern eoure^*, an i rant in that »**!t)aa the •' avast BOtee ot Jvroofoa were sever Heard. Toe Jtorthto*i*' ae* rt}ir»B*»er the r pr rt<C** Southern dictation,tad Jut o+teraax'd to r-ts*a.n tee CnioBMr Br»» ..xa, ;r» i. of Coon , said oa assembling hereentintroducing pohtie«,a« 1 have dona. ( l p p l a » e . ) I Journeymen 8hoemakers. feave aotfcing moro to say. (Great applauac)A democratic LegisMture can be elected, and a sound., »»>i- ttaCesea tot to v •,:r.v the rales or the Hoaee. Mr V** Wv. Kas* thai if Beutoera g«nie?asen ware taA GB7mjDsa>, wbeee name our reportera were un-mindssoundinformation,•»«, uto UM-BB. ssanitaja umgrets has the power, ant) •aowd r\trem$ it, for the esclusKn ei tiavrry from Dieww-raarwaMr 5 *.»BY , (rep ) of H i , ta an acts sla\ ery speech maiaman said that the only time he. was "rigged, ' was when blood if need be, to confer an imaginary benefit upon theSYMPATHYWITNTHEEASTERNSTRIKERS fine themsehre* to the subject. _ . , . , . Mr. JABKS B a i m x t laid that he did not wmh to hear any cMcuasion af any other subject except the strikehome, and that beiore they expend farther sympathy with tbe blacks they should secure bread for themselves. •Theof ry mpathy or encouragement do they receive from thiswhere the men are fighting to maintain themservea and distingumbed champion of tbe"oppressed. Many of these dividing society, as at present conatituted, into four» t Sisews ef Wir« Pro«i»e<» aid f0i.iTilnrt.Oai9Handed1B.kind words or tbe sinews of war we ibaJl give themt them bis townsmen, parade the streets, begging for relief interest, would accumulate to such an extent that they(CYiea af "Both' both"') There are a great many from the crushing apprcsaionof their masters, and no word would soon be in a position that the unjust employer into our oofiersr The speaker said be behovedANOTHER MEETING TO BE HELD ON MONDAY NEXT,steady, and with good,prefesKkn are oaited la awpjwri trfrifhia- (Bear, mat the black white aiave. 1their awa shoemakers east name tke aaaa if tfcey will Whether atand taken >y the etrtfaatoerasef New ISngiaad, and ton- as if, in this nuttier, God was surrtoft the hearts cam they are so aaaeh anasaorad with the mock pk-ifentfercp? derng to them the warmest aytanathiea af the cordwato- • savants as well as thoee to humbler spheres.the and bku* hypocrMy af toe republican party as te ess OfPhiladelphia for their suocess to the struggle. Mr. j w hat meant the agitation in our own land ?ae««t maieat to cav« tt fcr i»* preaeat, aad wtr» dJ*p"*-d city wasbt.d at tbe Foartaacth Ward Hotel, corner of hare been grin ling (Sown and grinding down journeymen, *<a reaahaie »:th «tht?« tr> f«rr>t o>-t tC<- a'juaea, oorr<ip-aw<M ae.ri '•Ttrm'.agatJoee »r tuis adtrisaMtridiCD' s U a', th*' ..rand and Oizabeth atreata Mat evening The huge roam ai d making worse and worse shoes, until tbe journeymen»r , ( u a a n i t a u c l «'-' th-' *<*»<on it WM <J.I*J» .-.vUnal havt risen to put a stop to the oppression. We should all Hon. Henry Wilson was present, and ha was«*»* Jam --.n-,."-** tor ooalitci' wat *UU Kt.t« oa, and was cooVortabiy ftHad with journeymen, whose appear- fee! waimly upon this subject, for it comes home to our accordingly invited to address the meeting. Being i*v.i a was t-i>. IJ be pettt::u-; by g.meni-a to ance spoke well for their tnteiiigenae, industry aad so- reives. If their wages go up, ours will go up also. (Ap- a United 8tttes Senator, a champion of the oppressed, —••*& K * M eaargtsi that iLe rep^bikmn plause.) MiseacuMtw-tts shoes go almost to the North and having been, withal, a shoemaker, glorying to the l»»rty »»n sectoaal, bev*'ia»' they hav«- ao n x a hriety. Pole, as you are aware. They go all over the country. sonbitqnet of "The Natick Gobbler," it was reasonable toslave *- —•"*> wattar ofl than "-^KaWa-TaStrJBaid m conlmmsat M tn power remains to he seen, tmtene wcnld naturally suppose tbat self preservation would prempt tha laboring classes of New Faghtnd to strike down the ccrrapt fanatics to whose traitorous conduct theWhy was it that tbe hands of toe African, so to ipeak, were upon the very pillars of to* aaflensj 'ahrtcr Why aid no words of politicians say to the waves: "peace, be still," and serve to allay the turn-oil? It wan i < cause God permitted tha discussion and iheae party ssd practical address. He had been concerned iu I movements to go on for tbe purpose oi keeping the tasted*i emaa present. I snonja u w »~larrtil/amoBg other* Bat I ahonld Jam hap, or any oaabyt h eeapHalisa.Mr. JasaasJohnson,an oldatr'kea to the old country and . to America for ol men fixed upon Africa, and be believed there newer national democrat sent to the Senate to place of Chark, tf forty years hack, an* be always ftnnd that one would be rest to the mind of Christendom until efiorts oa the democrats do but put forth proper exertions to that reason why many strikes did not succeed was the fait ' a larger scale than ever bsfore were put forth with refe- pnrpos* of expressaig Bympathy and giving aid to the men end. Tbe working classes are ripe for a movement cal- tost too many of the working men foolishly spent their • rence to the civilisation and Chriatandjr ofTha aunt*** sa*d that this meetmg was called for thei n e m k e i n M a i s a c b u a e t t a , a n d n o t f o r t h e p a r p o a e o f c u l a t e d t o o v e r t h r o w t h e p r e s e n t p a r t y m p o w e r , s a t i s f i e d , agitating soy reform. He would like gentlemen to con- as wen they may be, tbat charity should begin atmoney. He cautioned those present against idling their ! cat country He also plead toe cause ot time away to drinking booses, which prevented them I tha society, because or "national obligator wheh from elevating thematlves in society. Other reasons for listed upon America. We had a common guilt to this their impoverished condition was a want of union among matter, and we should endeavor to redeem the wrongs we themselves, and, greater than ail, a want ot education, have inflicted upon a down trodden race. Even now tha which prevented tbett from competing with tbe govern i dark slave ship aught be fitting out to our bay, and a por- isg classes. Be suggested tbat instead of spending their tion of our wealth aad enterprtoe be engaged ta a trafficDover is fire home of John P. Bale; aad while >n Massachusetts. Let tbe negroes rem aa they are, and tha* celebrated pbilanthropart and humanitarian M EXCITEB iiw nnniiwc SFEICIIFS. let other people look after their own affair*. In regard zealcusy guarding the rights of the poor -'down troddenmoney'foolishly, they could, by small contributions, raise to their brethren on the strike the question toi—Ia it to be African," 500 o: his white constituent*-, and most of a fund of $2,100 or more annually, which, if ptt out atwhich w u alike accused of God and mac. Then,again, what contributions had been made to the resources of our country by cotton, and what wealth bad bean pouredstrikers in I.ynn, which ia to be the great battle groundtbe»r ftunilitB, their rights ard our own. We see by the men have famdka dependent upon them for bread, and clasacr—producers, distributors, tottrustors and gover-ibo plan proposed to he one of th* beat means for elevating toe condition of th* colored race tbat bad yet been suggested, for instead of dehnting with tbem the question whether they could amount to anything anywhere, whether they can ml any sphere of usefulness, or whether they were radically different froan the whites in capacity, Africa had been thrown as it wer* upon their boaoma, and they bad been mviiad to go there to engage tn the great work of ctvuissttos aad evan- gelization, and open a country to the world which has hitherto lemained almost in a state of baroariam. Ia or- der to elevate any man be must be thrown out of himself. Set him to thinking of nimseti,accounts in the papers that funds are wanted. I*t us come to the point and contribute of our savings to their sup- port (applaute.)whose scanty earnings afford at best but a poor and scan- ty su.-tfinance; vet when did tbev ever reotive so much as a crumb from these philanthropic fanatics'nors—and bandied it with much vigor and original!•But let a nigger show his woolly head, and tho fountainah-e to ascertain, said —1 myself have been a of sympathy runs over, while money without stmt would which they would find the best means to Improve theirrecipient of tbe hoeptuthty of Massachusetts, Let be poured into his lap; aad these same black republican condition. Mr. Wm. Baker, who stated that be did not *ra*>-.i*e Hi. y riughl in •«gaid Its feeling* of others. He Meeting* in Philadelphia and i»s direct our attention to tbe strike in Lynn. "hoRscs," who now refuse to pay an industrious and in- belong to the craft, made a practical speech, recommend-lh*r* « M i*- i«p«*rn..i>n oc the part of th* rep&bheea* torous or better hearted ptnple in the world. Such is the Black republicanism has no sympathy with tbe white arirjg machinery as one of the greatest blessings to. manwhich cramped bM capacities and rendered him unfitted for tbe moat important duties of life; bnt give him a broader sphere for operations, and he would devetepa thoughts snd feelings which win hare their infmence on he community around him, aad exercise upon himself tbe most effectual benefit Such would ba the ease withNewVhurnM'rt*&.C, *e.. *«.Let us not attempt to top off tbe bmnchea in telligent white man a pittance for his labor, whereby be inc the contribution of "material aid" to the strikers inNew York, Philadelphia and other places, but let oa go to may support himselt and family in comfort and respec-be root of the trouble, in Massachusetts. I found geae tability, would be among the tint to contribute liberally make war upon^capftol, bnt to combine together, saveNew England. He recommended to the meeting not torocs and kind frieaie in lynn. There la aot a more gene- towards supporting a buy, Ignorant nigger in idleness. heir money and become capitalists. He extolled labor and it was a hydrostatic pressure upon himcharacter of the strikers. The bosses have been running man—it is ail with the blacks; and a striking evidence of kind. Be also observed that these who were most rabid t- M w ..nae cesser ify the **T-;r? antta&oa fhey nad A r e s n eetieg af the janraeyiaen ahoemidtere of thus n competition to see who shall get most trade. They this was rr-rniehed tbe other night at Nattjk, where the to talking about to* tyranny of the employers, aometim'-iMr MrCiBTB* announced that the time for opening ihe Like other Yankee wares, they carry them wherever suppose tha. be would not enly have been willing butmeeting adjourned.THE STRIKE AT LYNN.»••?• Ure rrurti th« tlare StU'-«, but they wmldSave it> m a un ormrte of time. 3e wUhel!» mow how*>,| it *ci.d he u*iai« tue democratic party would hewihy>t" d to ttie turn* ebarice, for in the Norih their merea* re a* re arcwise beautdoliy leas as the potKy of thepasty b*c«.ai#«eKrfe thermal)1? d*!Teioped. He exptaiaed»JD*' tvstJL.c>-d the repnbi'«Tui jHatforai His par;y should GKN*TUBWK>'—You must be aware that the object of consequently were too late for the cars home. 1 was tbe movement. Docs anybody for a moment believe that,Sa^iiiro by ttu plattorm, aad aot by the views of only one ' who hso! any money, and of course bad a nigger been in the fence instead of a white man,Uw *tura< sat-ti U South Qaraltaa and M:w»8ippt. The the meeting here tonght is to express our sympathy saw my shopmates through at the hotel and the Wilson would bare been silentv Both Wilson and and bands of music, marched to-day. Large delegations gleaming with tha fires of genius, which seemed almost tohey can fetch their price; consequently, their interest proud IDtake ap the gauntlet in behalf of his sutlerinit and our own are identical. About tbe Haverhill strikers craftsmen and townsmen. But when called upon, this 1 only know this Four or five of us ' j»urs," among eminent humanitarian declined to have aay thing to do whom was a Haverhill man, started to go to a theatre at with tbe meeting, and refused to manifeat in any manner Mr TYRJULI , upon taking the chair, spoke as follows t - B'Ston one tight. We stayed to see tbe afterpiece, and either sympathy for the oppressed or approval of tbeby bto performances upon the piano. Paastog through a room tbis lad bad accidentally oome to contact with x piano, and almost immediately the soul within him re- sponded to the opportunity which has thus been afforded far developing thoee musical faculties bestowed upon hissir.. ung bad arrved, and aoaoiBatod Mr. Gerrard Tyrrell as 'resident, and Mr. James Moore as Se:retary, and the above named gentlemen were appointed.•eft.ht.M:acB siaad where the fathers ul tbt repuh'.icstoo*), with our fellow workmen of the Kaslem States. All next morning. Tpon reaching home, the. Haverhill Hale are willing to dissolve the Union, or drench it in attended from Marblehesd, Ssugus and other places.flash from the aightlees eyebaUa!—how hia whole being appeared to be entranced by tbe melody which be called forth from the instrumeet, be thought to himself that tbat boy was a type of poor blind Africa. ?or age* she had groped to darkness, hut by Gad's direction she would sot n put her fingers upon the Gospel, and call forth such music of love and prajse as would resound through allthat 1 can say to, that it ia a well tiiaedmovement, especially under present circumstances. Our "order, order.'' The speaker was himself of Hibernian the humanity of these gentlemen and their friends oozesbrethren are now nobly struggling tor the purpose of obextraction J 1 mentien this, gentlemen, o n i v to show thattbe Haverhill men are prejudiced but kind hearted. The out.Philadeiphianf. are also generous, and will, doubtless, aid Tbe strikers have a meeting here to-night, and a torchAFEICAN CIVILIZATION.taming Kucb wages aa shall be sufficient for the support ofhe had to sleep with an Irishman [Tremendous cries of negro; but when the complexion of the slave is chancedi*a>e<: thai r* lew ~tates ba^e Lept g-.»J tutb With theVft-uUt. wt. e the latter bare not been true to the |North. their wives and children in common comfort. J'r.ey are us with their contributions. right proceaston is spoken of. To morrow night the Hon. M e e t i n g a t C o o p e r T n s t l t v t e — A d d r e s s e s t>> Christendom, and stir the greeJghaart of tbe world as itThreats t*4 \n.-et« made o( .*cession in the e^ect of the therefore entitled to the sympathy ami support of every • le-rtaw «f a repub!icaa President V:-e N'orth w>uU ac-aep< that awae. if the l"& oc >-oukl aot stais! the ektcrioa aho-*maker m New York and throughout toe 1 non. li •!eot.htrutheaWliisiuie. »ou!dbeiguobieinNewYorkifshedidnotextendtoTbe PKKWDSNT here remarked tbat their brethren in Daniel Clark addresses the people of Dover noon the beauK c v . A a a D . S m l U t , D . L>., R e v . D r . W m . was never moved before. (Applause.) H a gate atnd R e v . D r . D o w l l a a r , «fce.The African Civilization Society, of tbia city, an organi-zation composed chiefly of colored people, held their first the President, and addressed the audience. He said heMr MooKMait), (rep ) or Pa., said th<- rep>ib'*;an t>»rty tr.em and their little ones the right hand of fellowship. and be hoped they would get it.»U: avet in uaeeatHB fur the oommauoD of a Prasi There are a number of opinkras gone abroad in regard to The l'm->iiiKM- then read tbe loilowing resolution:—drattai candidate, aad erU.nlv *i.iOal ii.m X eiecteJ. and Itesolved, That this meeting "ie a.l endeavors to obtain the ae« peras t aay mrtside iBtraear* to sway them froai their U.s sir,ke, and some persons have attributed the. w&ole support of all other trades in behalf oir sutleri n brethren,awspaae He C •', aot aeheve ta*- I'BIOB wmi d be dis movement to poh'ical purposes. Now, ! cannot see how and that a committee be formed to carry out tbe above object. ••ived whoevar waa elected President He reviewed ihe Mr. Mcbrrvnx wan loudly called for, and on comingMEETINGATNEWBURYPORT.MAIM: AND BHODE ISLAND JOINING IN—MOKE orPhiladelphia had already taken stepe to doso.The Speaker said he hoped every one would do the ^ame. Thestrikersareworthyofrespectandassistance,ties of black republicanism. He has oome in a good lime- and will find "tbe Greeks at bi.- door."shoemakers are now on a strike.At one of their me-tings it was announced thatbecame employers themaelvea, and as soon as prosperity[From the Boston Traveller, March 0.]rrettue policy of the government, and ID advocatiag the any man can be so foolish as to suppose that a strike forward expressed a decided repugnance to speak Tbe shoemakers of Newburyport, to tbe number of who would otherwise have been present The ntimber of turies of years sgo. through which had since beenavratestk* of Jtatericaa iuduatry, said tlui waoll t-Dd whmb has made such rapid progress from Lynn to Mar on compulsion. He thought there were other gentlemen about 400, met at Market Hall last evening. Some disasate tnaa aaytuiug eiae to Ktxengthea the boadu of the blebead. and not only anong tbe mea, but tbe women tn the room equally competent to address thorn, and he affection was felt towards the person who had filled thewhite peraots in the audience probably did not exceeda pearl of great price, and there was a mass of humanity within her borders which required fa he leavened"; Christianity was to be introduced,a comment regeneratedawaiaaafacy. had no idea that men should bail him out tn preference chair at previous meetings, on accoont of his rcfuaal tothe uoaaic.ttea (if the only ave members present can also bringing thousands ialo its ranlcs every day. could to others. There was very little necessity for him to say take active measures in the strike, and Mr. Cyrus T. thirty.»« calisti such) iose. aejBuraed.be merely owing to pontics] purposes. There must be much on tbe subject any way, for be thought that every Goodwin wis elected in his place. Mr. Bwen, tbe Secre- Tbe meeting having been called to order, and opened and made one vast country over which the Son ef rightsome grave reason for such unanimity of opinion, where body who had come there were well aware that they had tary, also declined, as he was not willing to sign the bill by ainging and prayer, Rev. U. H. GARXST, a colored e* osnera should pour a flood ot glory. The looratog upoome together for no other purpote than to express their of prices, and Mr. Jerry Fogg waa appointed in bis place. of tbat hitherto unenlightened country was a leadingwar Uaihiagtea Corrmpondcacr.WJUBCWUTOX, March 6, ISc'J. would be acting in a very lukewarm manner if we do Maasat husetu. One of the gentlemen had thought pro- tbe bill of lynn prices, and forty nine for an organizaweseesomanymenaadwomencombined,andIthinkweTbe committee reported that 109 persons had signed elergyman of this city, and 1'resident of tbe societ;, . spoke feature in the history ol this nineteenth cent iry. Ii wasnot wonderful that China should be much thought of withsequence. Now, for hie part, he was of opinion that Tbe President introduced Mr. A. G DRAFKK, of Lynn, brief statement ot the objects end plan of operation upon long bidden should be only now brought into the view of jar KUcti^neerxng Documents omd Stump Spetthaamtjur that rep oc of our country. (Applause ) But, my friends, liberty was a very great thing. What was lire without who addressed tbe meeting for about an hour. Be said which we have sgreed to act. Wo propose to otter such ti.i- civilized portion of the rniverxe. It was alywiii fa' Jet* for the Sergmnt at Arras and tke Bo'tt more than mere sympathy is required in this c»ae. , * e human freedom ? And what was liberty without he counselled no new projects; that the work they were en- encouragements as shall induce the African people to per- popular ioea that prejudice against color was moat give that material aid which ia the blood and g!Gf-w s these social lights which one man is entitled to gaged in had been successful tn tbe 0>d World;tbat it had severe In honorable pursuits, and thus hasten the remo- cconected with tbe idea of slavery. Nothing could l'i auiaa eina of t\rd 4 Co.— With Jkae Inoestigattom aa much as another '• The shaymakers of Massachu- been tried successfully for tan years in tbe middle Statue, val of the grievous oppressions and unjust prejudice* bo more incorrect, for to tbe Sixth century, m the time ofaympathy and to otter their suppdrt to their brethren inas follows:—Jtr tv»dr'« lutsttgatiilQ Committee— I Spien<M S:Atmt not take an active part for the support of our brethren :n per to allude to politics, and a great deal waa said in con- tion. 1 .u.iiis A>n flKynjiar-.N— lt'devolves upon mc lo make a her 4C0,(C0,((.0, but it was wonderful that an Old Wor11AfvU, AH Much CkmKt of an Bml to thu frtxim B^ore of war We are all well acquainted with strikes and with setts understand the value of these rights, and and would ajntceed here. There were 13,000 aboemalers which are the sources of our kng and bitter grief. We Justinian, slaves were white. In order to subdue this Jui^—Probatie Effect oftktte Inrritigationt. Cpan fit Prt- their eSecifl, and we cannot be ignorant aa to the ex; endi therefore they have manfully risen to demand them. in London,wbo all belonged to an association; na "scab" have among us men of talent and learning, but such la the prejudice, and to elevate the race, there meat be a na-tore necessary to our brethren to maintain their poison. i Applause. 1 Those men, whether they be in New York could live there; that no one was allowed to work at other prejudice against our race tbat they are not employed. tionalization, and in order to bring the community to- or in the Kastern t^ates, who would say that they have no trades a i>ar' f tbe year and at shoenukiog in tbe winter; The African <jviliza km Society proposes, by the asste gether. scattered as it is, far and wide, one grand oenue Mr Covod« s reaolQUon, adopted yestrrlay, ordering a By Jotrg all that we can we shall be setting a great and right to interfere in politics will yet find out their error. he said that no turned shoes were made in London for tance ot t.od, to aid in tbe removal of those unchristian t'l.ust exist. The people must have a uatsie. a commerce,•idrahsl Slrrton.dV.KiKt icmtci'.tee of five to insu,re into various acts of cor noble example for our Iriends in other oarts of the eo m Let them get instructed more and more in the politics of k-ss than 2t cents, while here they had been mode as barriers which are placed in the way of our race, by dis a rystem of diplomacy, and, in a word, as n.xtonana nay, roi<tioB isdtrectiy charge*: acainst the admmatratkm, m try If the shoemakers in the Kvst are supported in liheir the country, and then nobody would be able to impose on low as 4 aad 5 cents. In i'hiiadelphia, wmch was the covering fields Tor tbe full and free exercise of their " be brought within the broad sxale of civilisation " Alrea-them, for they would a!! be able to tike care of their first place to organize, they get |*2 cents for what is talents and energks, either in our own nat.ve land, in dy this change bad commenced. Africa was looming np— rae af the moat toagnificont elsctionevrmg and spo.i* and mi |to»ition they will obiaiL the.r rights, nud tbe work selves. <Applause ) Their duty now is to sav how far paid but 26 here. Cincinnati had struck, ten years ago, Central America, in HayU, in any of the free West India The Niger had been explored, and the shores of thispJosder scbett'-s wh>ch tie wit ot even a Pennsylvania men o.' New York will feel the bench :ai Kil^-'ti of it acd they are willing to support tbe men, or strike, by their and the price had lieen kept up since Norfolk and Ply- islands, or in Africa, ihe land of our forefathers. We be hitherto unknown Mississippi of tbe torrid /.one, laden P*H*XJMM e*er invented. l,tt us d«asecl it. if tbey are b*-aten out of the fie.d, th° bl,vv .v I! n'rt t-c.y sympathy and by their contributions It is the duty of mouth counties bad a strike two years ago, which lasted heve that Africa is to be redeemed by Christian civilize w'ii wealth, were waiting lor a market. For a lonxthe government, said the speaker, io do sometn.m, for but two weeks, and tney succeeded. He said there were "Ihia ieW»t committee of five minstructed to inquire, be felt by themselves, but New York sj&ema.-,-,-& wb-id these men, so as to better theif condition and ours also. two thousand women in Lyon who were pledged nexttrat. ahi'th'T th.- Pres.deBt of the failed States, or any eron fled tuat they had t sutler also ruder th»e>e ci" 1 would rather be a black slave at any time than a whitu Tuesday ndtto work for any "scab hoes." After thettou, end that the great work is to be chiefly achieved by the free and voluntary emigration of enterprising colored people We bold it to be the duty of the Christians andperiod public sentiment had judged of Africai character by the degraced standard of civiliz*t\>c on tbe low coast, where slavers visit, and petty lings make merchandise ef human flesh : but the fact WHS already becoming known to C3b world that the people of Africa possessed a faculty for aeif-gov -esi.rr ttttv-cr oi the government, has, by money, patronage cumstauceii th* m-eiing ha? been called, ami it slave. (.Applause.) There is one point not to be atrike had lasted ten days, the lynn bosses, with the ex philanthropists of America, either to send or carry theis now for forgotten and that is, tbat tbe bosses stand in ception of two, agreed to pay the prices, but refused to er ary utfcer improper means, endearoVed to mtiuenca the members lo expretv their opinions on the Mipafttct their own light. The very fact of their houses sign the biB, ana the workmen rofuged, claiming somegospel and civilization into Africa, to thus make someatruement for the wrongs and crimes which the peoideof this land have perpetrated tipon that injuren country ernmeot and is already developing those stamina of cha-ttwgre^a or any committee tberixif, for or agacst th(> i|itSiK,B of the strikes. (.Applause.jbeing stored with large stocks of shoe;- and hoots evidence that the pay should be permanent. They were must tbow the reason for the low pnees which are paid determined to destroy competition, and prevent ato shoemakers, and which have b»d to the strikes If tbemen were paid better they would work more cheerfullyracter which only wake to Influences of Christ amiy. Already wv could fee three millions of her populstion eu gag; d in self government, pursuing Ihe arts of industry, and conmeting the aftairs of a nation with a forecast and icdgmcDt of which we need not he ashamed when reckon- ing them among the brotherhood of nations. They also poest ssed language. One of the great difficulties in Asia- tic i...ii,.i.rs was a lack of terms to denote abstract ideas. I n C h i n a a n d o t h e r k i n d r e d c o u n t r i e s , f o r i n s t a n c e , i t w a a uncossub e to translate "God,'" •'saac*iflc*tJoc/' ••gospel, ' ''redemption,'' "atonement"aad other words whichbriag to our mind great, stirring thoughts and ideas of heavenu» office made by the I'resideat, as may be suspected, in the interests of their fellow men have been concerned, Mr JOHN HK;T made a brief speech. He said tbat he«>*»ceetnB with I^et. .>n;ploti acd the EngtMh bill, for elec and : do cot see why they should not do BO now (Ap agreed perfectly with the sentiments of the gentlemeai JKW,IH; purpoees in this iu*m alone there may be a pause.) Thin is a movement the like of which has never who had preceded him. and he| did not know that he There would be plenty of aid for Newburyport if they manity snd Christian love. Our plan of operation in At and higher doctrines that pertain to Chrj'i n:ty, and ouitaa oucumeata procused, and such a cio«<t of w-.tnes^ea happened in this country There most be something could go over any new ground. This matter of the Lynn n'y dared lo strike. Some of tbe bosses were oftering a i ic* is this — Which we regard as God's appointed a^en.y to regene ta wul tii the packets uf tho .^rgeant nt-Arms wita mo- wrong .indeed, that could have caused so .inanirscus a strikers cemes homo to every rosin's heart, whether ho bribe to Newburyport In higher wages, but it must be re 1. To confirm tbe friendly relations already established rate and disenthral the world.aay truss his commwiitins. and IUUI jovraal of t?sti r..-ing atnong sovastabody as the working »hoema|i,suf be a shoemaker or any other mechanic, for if one class of isted as is other towns. He gave an account of the . by merubers of tbe society now there, with some of the••«ay as will be a plum . • the iijuse Printer ana all bin Massachusetts (Applause.) For my part, it appears to mechanics go down, ail are sure lo go down with them. l.y nn troubles, spoke of the Boston police, and .-aid the t hiefg m tbe Yoruba country, by sending out a company Bev Dr Ifowuw. (white) followed in an address treat i IBAJ-UH.rt> ,n Lhoae spoils. me that one of the strongest reasons is the gr.nd 1 am sorry to see any or the gentlemen oresent chary of Boston papers had praised them lor stopping the trouble; of virtuous, Intelligent and enterprising colored people,lu our efforts to accomplish this work wo otter no excuse or palliation for tbe unjust prejudices which exist towards us aa a people. We reject the idea, entertained by many, tbat the black man can never enjoy equal privileges inther the Frtitdeni, or any of his subordinates, did or did ibeir jyver "That's a fact.") The South comd never compete with week, hut refused, and applied for relief. He said of the to diet! net the power of the Gaspel, and to doubt its unai not, by bribery and corruption, endeavor to posh through Mi DAK j.^ MICSETHT spoke in lupport of the rtsolu Northern workmen if they were projierly paid to put out three thousand workmen in lynn there were nut ubive-sal triumph We regard the enslavement of our • B*< L e c u a i f K o a b i l l , a n d w h e t h e r t h e s a m e a g e n c i e s w e r e s a , j i n a o i n m . t f o r w a r d t o s p ' i i o n t i n s t h e i r e n e r g i e s V l y s y m p a t h y g o e s w i t h m y b r e t h r e n i n t w e n t y s c a b s . H e p r o p o s e d t o h a v e l y n n a n d r a c e t o b e t h e h i g h e s t c r i m e a g a i n s t ( i o d a n d m a n , a n d>«^asg« of any law aiicctin^ the iighu appertaining to anyThe PawmSfVT then read the following resolution —>.-At* or Territory of the I wonWhat «. this ? Biess you, it is ths old ghost of " biec-i- &*soi%ed. That this n.eeting, bel*vmg the men onairjue aglut in the market. One boss had already ottered togive 4i cents for work, when the bill was only 40; also HVcents for 2t cent shoes but the jours refused unless thehoes woi !d sign. One man had baen ollered $18 per this country with other classes. To admit thi> would In-i&r >'J1 *! ncludtng tbe " ieoompton raud' and the lb. Ea»tem rtaiea to re entitled to svaipathy, those present ano mane more shoes, and the, bosses would sell cheaper •'t-tg.:sh iwmdies This commiltfe is to ia(|<ar<-whe- pl-d^e themat.vet w sopi>or: ihe suiters b> every tueuo» a and yet be benefitted largely. (Applause and cries ofi.t.n it. their noble efforts (or their rights, rim! I will do all 1 can, Mar bit-head on one side, and Haverhill and New we hope, by teaching the Kings and Chiefs of Africa bet-or were at* used lo carry through tli. Fnghah hi!!. Thug rr*o!i :on . 1 feel not only pleasure, but some pride a Ire. as 1 know all the shoemakers of New York wil! also do,yoa see that ih>* first Lttie item o! the resolution com >re- always, in my e.xperiancc, seen oar body of "=ho-- to encourage and suv>i>on them until they obtain their i.ea«!s a searching investigation iaU> ail the Kansas !eg« 1 hat«WK» of the last Congress, including all tbe appomlmeota mai-ers m this city ready to respond to any call where rights.Hampshire on the other., to force Newburyport ter things, te induce them to exterminate the stave tradetc-.toin them in their demand for right. If needed, he and engage in lawful commerce, and in this way aid insaid, send to i,ynn and aid would be rendered. They had di tm-yibv slavery in this and all other lands. In carry and Jetus But in Africa the language abounded in these now $!>00 In lands. The Charlestown marmee on the oth ing out oar objects we ask for volunteers, and only for abstract terms, ami the missionary experienced no dtfo of March would send them money instead of bullets. volunteer*. We appeal to ail on tbe broad grounds of hu- cutty m preaching the gospel and developing tbe historyrhe conuniuee are not instructed to iut,>i.ie whether up despotism of those bosses who prow fat os your tonchinp upon the subject of politics. We are not tn the but -o far irom ihW being so the I.ynn mechanics had pre who arc now ready to act as pioneers, and who will pro-ing of tbe evsngeiitai aspect ot the subject, and i.tuairated h.s- remarks with many pleasing anecdotes, which seemed to be keenly relished by the audience.Rev Mr. STSWAET (colored), a returned missionary from I iberia, here srose in the audience, and aad —Mr. Chairold country, where, if we speak ofP o**t«iri. s«iu-ipI-»JeI,r-iiofir^s«, wWTes* gfro \tuted them betofc injured, if they had been so disposed ' into tbe poorhoi se the next week. < Applause ) What tbey could have, wiped them out in a second of time. act of disturbance, gentle men. waa committed at I.ynn Re" proposed that the shoemakers strike at once, that made it nere-warv to ;end for the Boston police'' ake no mere work either from Lynn or Newburyportnay cttker or i>rt)cers oi the covernrueu; fiave. by comoi a-u«'08orotherawe,prev a.KJ>•-defeated,orattemiiied h> prrven or oefeat, me ex'-cunon ol any law oc the paai'ita bouikS. and whether tue Pres dent faded la or re i>j*ed to compel the execution tbere-/' This, we upp.se,refers to the slave time's oi tne vacht tVaaderer and' Uat'v contt .leraie- in <.eorg.4,b.t some say it refers lo the vtttikktiuis of the law in k»i,-*s iiBder cover of the admi<.'.•• Ode W l look a'ler Ihcm roninmnity .« made to '.eel the edecis thereof. The m. a order, and well sustained the good reputation of the induce « strike. He made many telKny points, iltustra- by free labor.aoor, col to say on your bones and smews, from moru-nguttJevening. Ivvishtoinqu.re whether it ,4 runt IUILI these men ahoi.ld subnt.l to m it irealmTH as tins:'ceed as r-occi as the necessary fends are raised.2. To purchase lanes at suitable points for the use ofWho can doubt the right of these men to strike, when we The rirs't thing. Mr ('iiairman. that the striking "bos?'<:-,' establish an organization in each cityfind that they have to wori eighteen hours out <v twenty shoemakers did watt io regard the maxim, "Order us itnd town, and have a vast fraternity in tbe I'nitedtour—and thiF not an exwptioaal case, hut very often iu Heaven s first law an<i to appoint one hundred special States an* establish uniform wages. By doing so at :j. To erict Bchoil houses and houses of religious wor en of liberie for the last eleven years, and whenever I deed'" This assertion can lie borne out bv eviuouoe »tm.U ) obren-pu to pret-HTW ','iat order Tint the Massachusetts i aid *10,WO 0C0 would be paid to the workmen in this »lup, to instruct the natives in the arts and sciences, an ! hear tbat country mentioned it fills my soul with emotionswe have very often produced There in an exiraoru.oai-y authorities ('ouht.le«s thought that among the shoemakers S-tate which has gone to the South and Wen. 11° naid one devtlope, by lotelligtnce and industry, the natural re of joy . and I like to give utterance to them 1 congratulatenumber of mtn now sulVrmg In the Lastern States tt-r there wen si mi wbo would Bncrk a man down i' he man had given the I.ynn jours twenty live cords of sources of the country. your st ciety in this movement, and I a n free to aay, to be «U*r vesseiswiii turaish mit.-r|al» for a spiendil \orth- »e ah know that in Masmchuselts thft shoe traife \* tua said hi- lo a hole n their blankets;" and they were t-tsndujE wood, which they were going to cut next 4. To promote lawtu! commerce upon the coat of Afri- baif tf the cit'.^ena o. Liberia, that they ha I w:ib joy this rra eiectioneer.nj; documvnt. we appreh?ud t'al Mr. onlt staple trade and when this trade gnrters the whole r;:ht. Ibit gtiii these very men regarded the law. kept Th' i day. Mr. D. was very eloquent iu hi-ftftorts n ca, and tbe growth ot cotton and other tropical product.-' „a on en tbe part of their brethren li this country foraiatraion. Mr. Covade ian taJce hia choice;but as the .-ouiurru 4a\<-trade experiment- of the tVaodprer -tadvi bo produce ihe wealth of tho botses are now ground tltfciples of St. I'lt-pitt and I think that all New York tiE'_ them by anecdotes He thought the number whoThe ib:rd Item of lhe>e inq.tiries rei*ies to tbeCticago shoemakers ought to Mipp< rt iherrt in their pea:eable re- hue aj:iee| to -trike was encouraging; called on all in the and other l'uatOd>ice.->, an.i iae lourta to ihe i'hiiadelphia I ..own to the lowest jtopj-ible pittanie They are wor-, •With lbs blessing of God we hope to secure, as the re suits of our rfforiB, the diffusion of the (.ospe! in Afri-a.tne amelioration of the condition of Africa We look \• .th pi.easicg anticipaticn to tha timely help (Hear, hear i 1may say. respectiig the republic of T.l>ena, that rapid progress ia being made in advancing the' i-:' than any otlif r clats of men In many easea tbev are volt KMainst opprewoo. unl their lawful and quiet resis ball io -trikt. to have large committees of the ..est men\tr BtiAio said— Politics is the protection of trade, and a I'oajin t ; That s an i have lo say. but 1 shaii have somethmg toof the hotise- in Haverhill had acceded to the price;- de- mand d.box d upon true Christian principles, where ample scope may be aHorded tc all for the exercise of every m»ntal not: nieihi facultyof tuoial, political and social cultnre 1 believe t: at it Africa is ever to be evangelized it must oe done by the coloreu raci and we musthave help from the col< : -The fifth subject of ;«.,::ry devolving I^JD tbe f>m .ii Ua.~sachiisi.-tu.aBd, iudeo<i. .n a'l the i:»st?rn sute--., gi\ e towards tne obe-i. of tbis meetiDK. (Applause ) ssittee rehaes to other neb ' U;i m- n who proiiuce th- nctle-. oi tie wosilti)' nla.-sesIn bebaif of thi.< important enterprise, we appeal to <d m« n at these I'nited Stales. I hope that your -ocietythe o.SBwi.ltee »re to iii.i'ni-i wna' amoucis of money tsrarceiy setxie enonyu to proi tuc sjuu^iiltnoe lor hlai^•-!: The foliow !i.(r. named genllt men were appointed ;—probubiy 6Cu in Newtiurj port, | and probably 400 were to ton merce a Christian induni ial Kottlemem in Voruoa, tiie !'• v !»r Chcever had been present cturisg toe even-iiublir press, that the peepie who arc slaves io the Soi.tli are far betterthofalt thaen .one. half i-f tiie shoemaktrs in theittsted thRt ine'eon mittee should not confine themselvesTbe'l'iuniiBsi announced that tbey etoul: prsbabiy more shoes forthwith. that tbe cbie.li? and kings: are not only willing, but anxious hoid thi ir anniversary m the month of May. and expectedIsaac X Neai.Preaident of the Moulders' National Unten, !made ulaborerman, apparently an ihguahman, made a mast sensiblety. He united theirexhorted thoseandpresent to be endeavor tosober, storelance to lo.w wares, ceaseless work and impending starva- lo ait aajL*aecutive and relief committees, and specially and the contequent overthrow of idolatry and ,-upersti norai and political condition of the p-jupi*. Ita*4i cit>er navy yarca. »LU tne aoejieo irauUs and curtag matter, tor anoiner rn-.j .•' <*, .i^^^ee -a ea'rh ra*»-, New ork are lur better o.' Aitbottgu uiey .10 not alwat s tet tlie trices they deserve stilt loey make mittcieut t >thax tavy yards ;tnd lVbt lit wort? of me l niteJ Sau»- ' ar- crusheo ower ana sill! lo«rr inn lact i- t.-ei; ient!y The rcfoiutit.es wer' then unanimo's'v adonted and He proposed lo introduce a udiclbos amendment to the the pan lot, the philanthropist ami the CLrtstian—believ nav ! e the means of s^ntiot; many useful m^u aad wo-mtiai c«, a# forticcstions. tfflccs rci b other works, tor av-ertt'i n he pwbi.t i.re-s Where nit! thea/'wea'iiev gi-teieil with cheers and applause. i ysit in of apprentices, that no one should wotk who did ing that tbe Renereus sympathy of our nature will lead KiLn Ihete. to carr;, with them the gospel, t p.'im per-ruatom uotuas, marine hos- I.MMIK N>i; v suggested that if they were to do snv-Bits:*, military -'aliens \ com;'-eh«a\,.:B| a Mtie i .n Lit their thonsands ol dollars but ont o! thesweitt cot learn the trade m a proper manner, and be able to nuke ve.y many to act the pan of the good Samaritan towards manent civtli/atien, and to give to tbit i>eo;..e ad n«eeale of operatobs in uio-e ot 1 si.' it.-., o ;ue poor worKinp man :• All tin ir ru.he th.tir to- ihe.ir sbopmatee m the Kastern States d might be a KIUMI article. He had seer, uo place where sv much en AliKB.by contributing liberally to tics object, and thus b'.i' ings that you enjoy here May <;od^hleRR y o : r e \ e t>a«Bd>r<rs ol the I nwu other wonts a- wide as ta' auo ai-i'ii are drawn irom tne working tiwi|ii tti \ veil to atjKtitit a fiarlii 'iar '-vening upon which contribu- iiiua'ft'm BS was exhibited in Newburvport which did not enabling" the society to enter at once upon tbe work of ry til -rt (Applause )Tbe tilth •ten, oi ttie <-o • in refers to a letter o: the ^r<rw rKn upon toe labors of tne working man , l •( rt. n igoi be re''etvt d. niei>ed. hi closing, lie urged al' t; io;n immvdtstely and ti'uan evi.ngeii/atiou anil <->\ ilization!*rea«dem of Nov. '.'f>. 1*A\ in vrbico he Jep'-ores "Ute em »nd thus labor goes down DI ihe i.oor ^boe-nia'scer . an "u nouon, the (hair was directed to appoint a com ccme up to !lie{detk ami signed the biii. In respond seven I'rcm tbe accounts recently rccehed from missionaries? At the close of the remat ks of Mr. Stewart tt.e Pregi.l»MySEMll ol aacitey to carrv iM-tinD> I ,xsn this point naittee of fi'teen to canvas5' the city for S'.bscriptioiis. ty signatures were given—iujtkin(r(l10 .n all Tii!"re ure anu explorers now in Ui^ field, the bociely is enco irofcd dfi.t Mated that he had been Icfci rne.l tb»rrii|M,rim*thereto Here t a mari;:u ln» more electioneer U,,L i-.en eMinpt irom sttrvatou. To-' nh ^.uiRke,- •: v(tion. i heeis and applause.1ten, ihe c'«fctiuction of the African slave trade, and iheany ",-i ab" from working under price He reported that eEtat lu-bmenl of civil government by free colored men, that the natives o! Alri-a are not susceptiblea committee of one hundred to rcour the city,and prevent and for another pium t;>t!ic Mo -» pr'Bting arm of Kurd i; ipport incmfoiv>s sn<' their faniii.es respectably, ba: without ir»''e there is no self protecton in any country tow re in Mame and Rhode Island had joined, and that sixis a futile idea wtneb has gained much cround,(>;.B<•«• lfoo, we ?uppo*e,' have b •n etpeuded In Pecn and iiit-ue oe}>ei)tient upon him. it.roat appiau+e i tansjlTaaia and other Sat-% to --irry t-,«tr ,«witicil election*. any one noul.i that labor is the ,-ource of all wealth ' let aatt by whom, ao<i b> w:«osv a.ihority. aad Ir.im wliat us lake the vkia oft tbe eaif when we Uae it t>1 tt is uot aatvees denveo and tLe w>tniti:ttee »-•• : > report the worth anything, i'tit wh--u we have tired it. anrt iay on'aaro'-s of partirti imp'ica.ed .*v.-.• !h><niteem '-iirvee's'saw» ide labor ro'a<e it into h.to's aii'i h'.es, iheu we Ini :'« range ana »n iii.:ni:ao:-" cbjiuiroeti in :n ih. 'si'mmttocnutinc;; of value . f-cat.se of our i»b>r i Applause.) l.ei n« like wHnesses trow every ipmri r oi the I'mted >"t\te«. a): in. t1 '• mm. s of California, but what use won'. 1 thevThe inteai'geat readen i>t tue H i:*ii will tacs oer- b lo ine woriu im'rfss libor goes dowo ial_oatve Utm* tnis rtmaii1' u •! iMiuiry •: Mr Cjvoue is Hum to br.r-j; out, 'or the use of ladivvdmlsel tht moat inagni.i -u: ; .•ojii.r.i ins xs an plecLoneer and of nations, the i, hes winch thev oola.u 1 imseh" a committ'-e to collect moneys and to circulate judicious management, it would susceen. 1 am happy to stale that we last week received from our vessel to inn between here and the S'igcr va e y, wnch mg ntoveiuent ana as it *r>, ,.- ,•>b io i:»e noniiOi at party of i l, cause Wliii is this but an evident-* of the ihe i .ti.ee of the nex' rreetm^, to which this was merelv The woni-'i had a meeting in tbe atwrnoon. at the ile cctcni'inoners in Voniba. information that they had sue be hi>p«-d to have completed bv dnne, and U-»i be -nouid i*e l*«»i»e. Ibus uion lie li • V.,HI8 aubjects oi .nipiiry :n- •wwrrof inbo! t.entlt men, there are sune meo »'h, pt- nonary. (Applause ) thodifcl church, it was got up by Miss Pearson, o! i.yun ceedrd in eflecling a treaty with the chiefs of that coun hue lo plate it at the d"i=i>osa! ot and go e .• #:Oi the va+rad bnadrettsoi wttcr«- -i Irom all part" o." the e-untry prenrh a ^reat ilea! ah"'.: slav.-ry in the Southern Sta'es The i oinmiittt were directed to meet on Saturday even who had wo.kei indelatigably and with success. try lor a large and aufneient tract or land, and that they company about to be sent ihieugh tne a,ecey o. this may be ..irmouc! i ttisbmjtton thi> •.houaandr of butithasoCten been retorted. »nd very ts'ly,by *he if iex t.i make the otceKsary arrangements andto Itwasreportedlothemeeting thatthree hundred wo arepermittedU»lormibeirown municipal law*. Fubiect locietvmeaey icav b« put into tht ,po.ieis o' the Sergeant atiamil- Hartley , M m >oetcr. John \ owi ::ktfteph Vogar ty M'hn llsirtiiton Michael Waifi. Mil hae! Peagan i rapes Vloore.loon McDono.igh, li. Mulvanee,I! Withers, fharrca McCarthy. "wen Farreil,•nm*n Tyrrell. Wm. Withersm the hall.It was toted unanimously to strik'.- on Tuesday morningwhere the chiefs aiew'Hmgto recen e miwsionarieis and ing, and calleo upon that gentleman, if now ,n the room,settlers, and have proliered their friendship to thoseAnna, aac leaf ot th-msa ida into the i>ockeui cf tne Housepru; iBg c«impaay. B rati, th.* arest^ratkic of this*tcgie i-omniitue m.i» be milt to dra* frun. the treasury 1 ist. in Sta'fs or even in New i ork because, while the hrsre m theo-' anvass workmen of every trade wbo sym- at the Marku Hali. of th,a country, meet with them and settle there. <»ur Biair, Hon .loabua P. Giddings, Mr H rordfar better ofl than one tuufto ask.rg contrihiitioca from shoemakers, but should emIhe oi*eiing was'adjourned to tins (Tucsdayl evening, to fcave any number of intelligent colored men to be addressed at that time by Hor.. rrank I'two tiuBiired, ihiee hnuuretl or fi. >• hun tied 'housand sU.es in the .-outh have somebody to look after tuem. paih.zeu wiUi the llassachutetl.s strikers. it appears by tbis action thai the women are ahead of olsn 1- not to subvert Ihe government and overthrow tho Iiorglass, P.ev. Mr. Martin, of Boston, and others Boitars. at Ute ewerettun of ih« t->naui:turc there are hundred* o! aho. makers it. New York, in Bi.\fr A eei.firm;n. -aiti that there were no Germane upon the the men, and they will force the mea to a ,-fike by re rcignitg powers ol those countries where in the provi He stated that they bad a missionary a Enf.iasd wbo wasThe only imped.rucnt .u t'.e m i ot rial: a miUiju of sti. • i and other low dens ef the city, who toil foom the cotuiiiitttt There were many German shoemakers, and fusiDg to aid them in binding thus preventing tneir fence of God we may lie cast. We believe it would be matting with tbe most Mattering sucisess. Hr then mtro: oreterable to sit down by their Md'\ and not only teachBftods on ihis Bccjoal i» tim*-, >r f -• wan. .•* taie. Tbe arsi nour ol morning ii-1 the last hour of night to procure 'it m.ght be w 1! to have (lermans upon the committeeduceu to tbe auQience Mr Robert Hamilton, who,he said, the people by precept those principles wmch we wss one of Ihe person awailing the call of ite society lo About SCO "jours' at Saugus Centre struck yesterday. desire Ihem to cheris-h. hut also le tea~h them embark to Afric». and wbo woolu favor them with a SOB*. thai tne mouire* i»re-ied n. <ti ue linnet: D a few . above ,iound, while the 'boeniaker* are under $roumi— r"pr«sented upon the committee, If they were to be so During the afternoon they were visaed by about 1 -Jtu of by the power of example those things that wlli Mr Hawitfos then sang, with exoeilont er.ct. tbe liaea speciBc abj-ets and *pr<n ea- «. wnwh navp iio'it-tleBs , m holes and Hilars. They are, therefore, a thousand ^>aip upon nationalities. The committee were authorized the i.jnn "jours" m procession, with tbe Lynn Cornet elevate their manhood and exalt their nature: and cciuuiencuig. "Once poor Atric'a day v.as dawn og,"been siBgteti oi.t 6> Mr i o<ot, w.i* aot to interfere wirh note, more ..aves than those of the Southern, States re add ax manv Germans to their number as thev thought Band, who were treated with a collation. Speeches were to make tbem ieel that we are a part of themselves—uile- alter which the meeting was dtamiaaed.-veu ihe common necessaries of life; wade the slaves at oiso Aioiher irentleinan caused much merriment by vett^iiittowa to l<ear u|ion ttw: i're*,,., n ia: eicct.oo. To do the -octl. ao not work one half of the time, and live, too, movtrgtbat the Trench, Italians and Spanish be alsoworking.•t^ect of Mr. O'Vwle i- ; brtij * tUe ratilo^ue of in1,Y\N, March 6, 1S0O.Has work in batu by tbe \ •*<, -.v* oilier :u\estitfatin;; com- I While be white negroes—for 1 can call them nothing lit. made by James Dillon, Joseph Connor and Napoleon j rested in everything which promisee to promote their imdt4M« af the House, i>i«,ia. an 1 reju.'ar. Tho reporus of I betier— are U-tt to perish, we have men, calling them- Mr. Tyrrell (the chairman of the meeting) was unani- happiness and increase their prosperity. 1 wouid state,a't iheae committees wii iun:;«i. t tremasdotls quantity f se'.veii philanthropists, goto? the rounds of the town and mously elected Treasurer, and the aum of So 26 waa col- Wood. A tmir>c procession was then formed, and ; again, that we have now a number of men, of the proper P e r s o n a l I n t e l l i g e n c e .•f elect-sneering matter for the mump aad probably not ! sik'fig nssistac.ee—lor whom For the whites:' No; but lected from the audience in advance of the subscriptions. marched about the streets. ! sort, wbo are willing to embark in this glorious enter- A letter has been received from England Irom Mr Mas than one bur,..e.' thju.-.Mi.. d--i.urs in work to the ] tor the we l ted slaves of the South What ts th* use of tin motion the meeting then adjourned until Monday Tbe journeymen shoemakers of North Bridgewater . prise, and who believe ss I do. and as the officers andsriai.r af the Boose. So that sen * ii perc va thai tne • a'; this- While men are dying si! through the North of evening next, at eight o'clock. The adjourned meeting held a matting on Saturday evening, and took measures ; friends of this society beli<ve, that there is a glorious (•.- i Henry l owler of Toronto, mentioned as being ooe of thelepcbhcaa party have ao id« a of tjecim-ng subject to the ' starvation i ou cannot *ay that yo^i ei ar heard ot a sin will be held in the same hall, at the corner of Grand and preparatory to a stritte for higher wage*. Jaxib Crosby tuie b. fore Africa. We feel encouragedfwhen we remem unloitucste passengers by the Hungarian He intendedcharge ot the Holy Srriptoret, ibat ae who t.keth not I (.•>« si*\e starving loueath This strike in Massachusetts K.lmabeth streets. cira af hia own household is * ofse tiiiu iu miidei " ta the it-suit of this agitation. It is an effectpresided, and the meeting waa addressed by Mr Gideon • ker that Africa a one of the few countries whose futureta viaw of iheae things lor r*re«ideniiai aiumuniiioa.it of the »gitateui which has been felt all thronsfh is B4M very likely that thus i-isi. n of Congress will be the otintry am! \ou will discover its result closed before July. The democracy, very oats rally. are j tn the future. v>w thai au lectioneering campaign is ia lavoraf aa early adjournaieni, a« a s u hold the opposi- going ou, there are a great many individuals to speak InOIK DOVER (OHRKSPONDENCK.Th' Still'7! in rrcessurH—Expressive Mottoes—PolUiea i'itu of the. Qutttion—WhitJi and Black Slavery— Repub-OF BKVEKLT, MASS.the f'oi ii Mpondlng Secretary of the society (white), a re cently returned missionary from Africa. It was customscarriages got crowded together in a narrow j-art of thenit euce agatnat the -emo* racy ic M J of the and fishes' because thoee who nave been thrown outWhite Bonne iaveatisations, gold ipoons, silver tea sets, j w-Wh to ret back into places where they can well featherBruaaeto carpeu. nsawocd lurnltnre. .vc , ic . of tha | their own nests.cakhraied Ogle, of Pen&syliania, and the still mora pow- ! Mr. F.vRBatJ- here rose lo interpose au objection. He in Pcver Ijuly in tbe morning they gathered at their an addrest of some length, setting forth tbe object and sunny wild- of Africa would look upon a flag of their the eunuch drew hia sabre and aimed a blow at tne Mteis- •wftti lalaaaca at tha atoclosuref of tha Plorids war ex <aid that be thought that they had met here to give sym screral liiftory of the movement -and the principles and own,"borne upon their own vessels aad defended by theiragainat the oamocrauc party ia pswer. th-nk that this was a place or an occasion to introduce , secure ia the honesty which hat go- i politics, aad, for his part, he decidedly objected to it, andas all things ia the lUscbarge of* hia great ne woult not sit and listen to it.challenge the closest Bcrtidty into all Mr M< CAKIHV resumed —tr you had seen the great evils• cruing when tbe redemption of tbat benighted race wouidbe brought about It waa a remark frequently beard, that" Cotton is King"' and we always respected the Kinj;Men bowed down before their own interest, and the timewas not far distant when it wouid be the ruling power ofttat country, bnt it would hold a golden aceptre, give route for WashinrteaM^aat the cue with in my of hia tahar- wtuoh now oppieaa our class, as 1 have seen them, you eg"appropriate motto —Hon Auvnstua Frank, M. C, - a t the Aator House, en Hon. J. H. Lane, of Kansaa, has publiahed a letter tnthe l^avenworth 8t+U Befiiter, m wbw» he strikes a se-would aot objtift to any allusion. 1 might make to politics i have to altade to them. How is it that not one half of , aad to divert tha pnbhc van were esanhned this wintoir What appears to yousapervMoa, for endenca ia many cases whinn cannotMay we be slaves to nothing but our duty.The shoe pinches, and the sufferers are beginning to ments when properly conducted. Hia remarks were reliberty to all, and secure the** inalienable rights which, anion- the whites of America, make all men free andi R v w Navic.arKW—fts*T Bojtr *aa* New Yetat.labor.w l a w.SMwt^^BB^ij arBMPSWWWSI1 9% .reached Hud-equally interested, and after th* victory was won would cause for the purpose of getting rid of the colored cm zen* of the commonhy. thdhgh he had ao doubtHcomrn- sfWaw%k* i«U> ahoat •eon. The cap- jott wtra only not, he BBSmil'Whetherwhich time and their own judicious conduct alone enssatisfactorily determine^ _ ^ ^ . g ^ ' - . g ^ _J*?*i Untitled Documentl>eequallybenefitted* Ihis am* answered by a anani- thai It would be best for our count^a3tlC.••*L!,••,1. •** •npport the f Y^t% Tne acnaon. r I^BVIS ana^ravm, s:vo system » eam__, _, r — , . — . — , , ^ , there rejoise of Nebraska, are to Washtogtcn.— , _ _ ,ef asaaaaatabove gawsraasBBM m IMS sftiwy aa at tore, tar yourFarmmgtos, Bechcster% haw Marast and Kxeter they bold the balanceof p*w*r pt*tkTaJJy-sp^m*rthatifia greater opportunity for advancement than they could possibly have here. Hia platform waa a higher one He took his stand on the ground ot philanthropy, and urged th* object tfih* society because of tbsTtenelK whteb would accrue to mankind from the *rangensation and civilization or a hitherto benighted land. Already, whatOn tbe 2d tost the members oi a handsome gold bended cane.and Their Practice, etc. Korbusn asSecretary. Tbe proceedings were opened with This has been a great day with the sons of St. Crispin, piayer iy Rev. Mr. Nichols. Ui. Draper, of Lynn, madethe American flag, but he felt tbat the time was arriving when tbe millions of inhabitants who now peopled theup, aot in order to got tbiou^h the crowd a a* ooiijred ta- get close to tbe carriage of tbe seraglio Immediatelyfehes by parading through the principal streets of tbe town. Near the head of tbe procession a stalworth "jtrar" bore aloft a banner upon which waa inscribed tbe follow-uncalled for, and productive of no good.Mr. Vales, tbe Beverly member, advised tbe Chairman of tbe presence of Bon. John Prince, also a member, and expressed a wish lo hear from him, as he had always had the good ot tbe laboring class at heart. Mr. Prince was loudly called for and responded with an eloquent speech ha favor of the general principles of auch move-vere blow at the vametty of Governor Rootsaoa. H* Morgan aid sot approve of the movement, and could see Tbe PaviPOtT here remarked tbat a letter had been re says—the Benld, of voor city c today cemes teemingw mam .uestson,-of the i o b a tha cause of h? Nothing but too fact that those see bow and why tt pinches. In another part of the pro reived With great favor and close attention. Mr. T. A. equal.•MtJahaarowa.h>tMa compMioa ofSoma twenty •"^•JBWIWI UKind^iduaJs, m whom * • ! • * • b e f t e r e »thulsd, go through the country carrying their agitation everywhere, and keep your b*et Southern cuatosasrs from support hi ^ou It is alt vsry weil for these men many that we must aot enter into pshttos. bat who. then, - to sire us our bread aad bnttor- (Apf^ase.) «•«»>"•* mat paiittes. Th* ta the great qnestwn. You must be coaae politicians if you wish to have power at all. It wsscession I noticed this:—PreteatioB and provisions for the industrious.DO other result than tbe lose of tome five thousand dol- o-ivcd Irom Bev. I T . MoCttetock. stating that he was unwith assaults upon the old freejBtaie party of Kansas pre dicated upon the testimony of Charlea Rpbrnsoc, recently given belcre tbe Senate Harper'a 1srry tev<atigattogONai miuee. As s member of that glorious aid party 1 dc- eokmaly declare that the charges contained to said Ro- binson's teetimooy! before said committee are false m whole aad ta part, whether stated upon hn own or tbe authority af others. I do charge that the said Robaeoa welt knew their falsity when be took vrpca bimsa-T the ee-wisdtog around them for tbe past fnw years.they will -succeedornot,laaqoesttonmoua US.MEETING OF PHILADELPHIA SHOEMAKERS TO ASSIST THB STRTKEBS.[From the Philadelphia Ledger, March 6.1i t r y , best for themselves, and best for Africa,_ tf tony ahonld pans away to their father land, aad tbesddrets. decla'miag sgarnst the oppression of thecould sot injure them. He ebMkUtod his subject byUnited upon them they would become the most exactingI and tyrannical to their workmen, like the abolitionist of" tbe colored man, ta a country where he could enjoy th*I tbe North, who, put aa overseer on a Southern plantation, social and political equality which to here denied him. Hefbecomes tbe most cruel of task masters. After taking op had read to the newspapers the other day a contribution for tbe New England strikers, and the .f a blind boy Bin* yean of age, wbe was now •halves•" and "quarters" coming ta pretty freely, the delighting ' large audience* to Southern citiesBOSTON, March ",, I860.A great procession of the strikers of I.ynn—a thousand by his Maker -. and aa he (the speaker) read a description women and a thousand men—with the Lynn City Guard of the transformation which was wrought upon the boy while be played, bow tbe face, before so stohd, was nowRev.Dr.HAGIK,Ofthiscity,wasthenintroducedby THE HATKKHILI. "BOSSES'1 AOCEDrNti TO THE meeting at tha Cooper Institute last evening. Owing to believed tbe ccmmenccment of tbis society marked a newPRICK8—-HEET1NO OK VKWBXRYPORT FEMil.SS— THREE HtTNriRED VOTE TO BTR1KE, ETC.the inclemency of tbe weather, the hail waa by no means era in the history of the world, and that although the beginning was an bumble one, they should rememberfell, and an admission fee of twenty live cents doubtless that it was large compared with that which assembled infurther deterred many others from attending the meeting an upper chamber to the city of Jerusalem cen- moulled the destinies of the wori: Africa waathe Eettleis, to be given to them in «nual limited quantis, ano to tnrniBh the necessary mechanical and agricui n.an. I merely wish to say a few words, 1c«me to thistural implements. p'ace to hear and to be instructeo; but I ha,e been a ali-at 10 o'clock and ci\e viu Market4*quat»fcr consultation ccmipg*to oo them goodalro to meet until Monday next tor -lours to finish up The society desire to raise $o 000 to enable this com-their wor%. The various committees on relief, executive, pany, with their associates, to enter upon their wort in read several letters from person* m ditferer' pais of thu scab, and ten for marthals. were appointed, and at 11 .Alma, aiid earnesilv appeal to the friends of the Africau iountiv, syinpathi/.ng with the cauie and re oClock the tneetn.g adjournea Tne meeting wa-; enthu race lor the needed amount, no thai the enterprise may be feried especially to ooe from a c "..red man".lie <11/ISMAM sa - thiit ••at n member must consider giastic butoruerly, ana Kave every appearance that, w.th •peidily commenced. it. Maine wbo wrote liiat he was o idng ai.ivtce toe e.i\ uio districts for canvassing. It was sug men had agreed to the I.ynn strike, and would bind no only to the common iaw of that country. It rs .statedsailing ' y the Canadian.North Bttd£«water,|aad others. Another meeting is aoen Scripttiree say, "Ktbiopia shall soon atretch out her bands The Hutch Minister at Constantinople, Count Van '/oglen , to befheld. to t»od, and princes shall come oui of Egypt ' lately had a narrow escape irom beio;. mnrdt rei ia thatHoward, Jr., of South Randolph B. W. Packard, Jr., of t destiny is a subject of Divine prophecy, of which theivivsR, March 6, ISr.o. HHST VfBLIC tlKMOHSTKATION OK THE SHOEMAKERS Tbe Prtnidem then introduced Bev. A. A. COSTASTTVS, city, in open day, in the street or 1'era. A number ofbeh.«Li of freedom not because they have any sympathyBict ' Bwttha appcsicvH , baarinjt in mini the prodigious for the slave, hut beca-ise thev wish to jtietal the "loaves k.an rVypcti-try—ITi^on and Hale—Their Prqfaisiom mil capacity. A number o: ladies were present .icsiah ry,he said, for us to speak of America, as a glorious of tbe seraglio, attended by an armed euaotih \\u.eswa lo the uamdted qMe.*t:oo of -the IrrepreKibia coo-The meeting of the strikers at Beverly on Saturday evening was very large, the Town Hall being packed to itsstieet, and among others two carraetes u»u:n.c,. iadteaWilson,of Beverly, officiated as Chairman, and Stephen M. country, and to feel pride in enjoy Ing the protection of things were m this condition the • <xint s carr Jtge onaaebeat, quarters, where tbey formed a procession, headed by purposes of tbe cordwainers. He also alluded to the visit own brethren. Africa was a land of promise, sad hence ter, which would have aevercd his head had he not ward- , are brought npon tbe trad of these new :n- who" were now sunertng from oppression. He did not the Dover Brass Bsnd, and for three hours amused them of tbe Boston police to 1ynn—thought it unnecessary and a land of bope. t>od had spoken, aad the day was ed it off with hia cane. The negro was iBstaatir dasarBaed, ihe twartwout aad other o:l; itl • v. cieacies and pathv ant ai to their fellow workmen in Massachusettslars from the suspension of bustoess tn the place for two able, by rcaacn of indisposition, to participate in the ex And in another place a banner upon which was in- months. Several gentlemen fallowed to favor of the ercites of Ihe mcotiri.s c r i b e d -Let as some oa a level and we wfll part oa tha square.movement The occasion was characterized by good 1he audience was then addressed by tbe Rev. Asa I). order, good feeling and great good humor. A Canvass- kMim (white), of this city. He said be congratulated ing Committee was chosen, and tbe meeting adjourned to He audience that tbe platform upon which this societySlightly Masonic, that, but appropriate, however, not- await the call of the committee. Beverly has nearly 1,000 i lord was cne so broad that it might be occupied by per-for tbtsBurpcae that vou left everything that you held with!landing l a appearance to the procession of ahoe- shoemakers.uana af variona afflnitee and opinions, sad that itd J ^ ' a o w i r s c r o a . what has bean called "the grant - w a n t * ***•" (hWiknse> Ge^Khtoton, we wwahtnJl be better ivowwa, ! * , ( w « were bettor politlsinHS. Take for exampie, mymaktrs.From tbe U&OT of the 'inscription* upon the bannersTBI COROWAIKER8 OF SALXM, MASS.The shoemakers of Salem held a meeting on Saturday evening at tbe Citv Hall, which was crowded. Henryignored all these exciting questions which might other* iaeib- i ligation of aa oath. Ida further charge, that n the tia«praTlhr f J ^ « » ^ ^ that prison tobor M much cheaper than carried to the proctasioB, vou win perceive that ths LaiscoBtBohjb,'.Jr., was chosen President, and E. R. Hill, Se ject not a particle ef prejudice againat color. Nor did be r***SL.*»1»,^«» tiviBBhM»lBtBm. tn yewrt? p R M white slaves of th* New England Stoles are beoommg story. Speeches were mad* by J. wrtos sad J. Bowen. advocate th* objecta-of toil society on ths ground of anyto thai «r S 3 ^ - " - X•nd it ts _^ -OMtrtcto fog StatoI.ynn.andA. Bannag" of Salem The latter asked watag of capacity to hto entered friends to take care of aroused to a teste of their condition, sad are endeavoring e "jonra'or Salem if they would allow their brethren themselves ta this countrv. sad perform their duties asto burst the fetters that their masters have been artfully of' LTwynataT'ton"faig>ht their battles' atlonose, whaen they wore citizens of this republic. Neither did he advocate tbeseparate from them those whose aid they Would gladly besecure. There was mingled to ha feelings upon this sub- «»and paossalecaad for sashing that aaaa nit. tha satd Rates I WMIwasgnflty af or/warsty isaiiilin ti n eftoat cease aa* party to whichh* to indebted for Ste t j r u - t nrasaaa Noopportunity betng given to th* acensed tornation, evpanation or defence. For myself (sad .nble therefor) I do arraign Charles Robaton before tbe" " ^MlBacorrcptdetaaneraaA country, and do f t e w ^ f w i d .cowardly assassin of bis old friends, te**v tiaior Maraton, C.SMC. Bton. F B.vnett, _ ^to ntake some rcuiaiks. l>r. Cbeever did not re»poa ). however, and the President came lo ihe cont_»i.SK.a thu he had tirevlousty taktn bis departure.Mr. t'uvrijiTrivK, the Corresponainr Secretary, thenby the bystanders and preUy roughly bandied, aad Use carriages were obliged to escape at full spc a, to avoid some probable and unpleasant coewjqaeBcea^ ^ t * . , ^ g * L r S a .eimUves of Itotin^ypresesssdGov. |fenw«e*her*-» kar, wvMB brcssBa ice bound here isajt A i W sMawr^P %r^B w*i iwa^a *sji. far New York at neon There is ao toe in tha land states hav1e1tatc~^*-- — ~ ^ ^ ^ ^m Irani af tola rity,and that eoooontered sy th* oecauae they are that only to thai oourav- _ , _ , — _ a , mMt ...a.rUH-r lelerfer.' with vaiit.ii. Soaae peopie have thought these sineed will ba «f hnesT • • • i l i i l to aeenre for rights which they sew demand.JlaeijBhsctoMjhnSJsAe^ljMatM oa th* lath Winth*Y eajtfdsj afternoon a m**ttog of journeymen shoe„ ~ ~ r i s * Botater,oj[ tf?*"^T<£mas waaheld at Franklin Ball, for toe purpose of en ragtog their follow craftsmen who are BOWon a striatevfrom tbe severe sicknef* wth whKb b* | « TM?J ^ «rtrou13069kerBon.Alera.der R.,L - « r . i ^wv. and will so <n b* hbk te retJase »'omas309 South 4th Street Fulton New YorkThM. Triyniskto the towns of Msssarhrnrtta, New Hampshire sad Maine. wanders were visible in that quarter' What explorationswww.fultonhistory.com 