 'r. '^ C^J^Jt k^'•inmft' Ifl s4".^=Ji: "WW*tOL.TX.—^RO.2829!. OIN.BCHnTOAW BOHNJlFFS.ihi Mak, tf «Biia«nUy nlntuT qnalli- . ::_ IW ex«l«flT«lT, »»t hte «»»- BtUaad._^ba(tail«7 tlutt eui Iw Mle«ted in MMnce of ui mromatic lullan berry,o<l>«r diureticrh«om*Usm. In obttmetloiu of uid iB gmMnl dekillt7,turaess PRICETWO(TfiliKfintHmediciiuU proper- .ds •oqnJred^ hlfber repoUUoo,and Treateent oftbe ScTentti SeglBeiitsduty. circumstances very commander-in-chief.drawingnnfavorable to the Americanhe died after immediatelywho gave him hto beanu aad bade Mm day the darkneai «f etanal«xtr«ordIa»ry America, than wyBeceptionthe close of the war, whatatalMf iud inTartably rcU*bl«.it hid been, on the whole an uuluckycampaign.know that ourpresentfcrmofgovernmentwouldnotdarkentot anlTcne difr.tor theie'iaatedles, tat iaKx.or TBI TWO HODSIS or CoHOXISS AWS FaLLOW-ClTUXSS—it has been something more than sixty years since, Fliiladelplila waa la possession of the enemy. In tbe Under another man, as first President the fury of^"Stsse^a statue of America's.ily notice a a«(t:«ra>Mau ana In-on that final field of Yorktown, where the issue of the war and the fateof the United States and as Grand Master of Free Maaona,"on of their neighbor's purseithe barglar and highwatman indig-Inow presented to us in thto calm sunset alm»st with-__-fsT ttese latter felons exhibit a bravery or reck-cundity of genius, which will not be quiet, and cannot be restrained.times.~'lsl daraeter in nowise distlngniaking the mer- asssiainwhostabsinthedarh. Andoughtthey arii%«T«irarded with a punishment commeniarate withiiulated peHtetly, with the slight addition o( aAn age's love to crown his belt endeavor."The historical incident wUch the work is designedButhisemotionalnature,thoughveryterous.Manyaccidentealso occurred to detoyliw evwaniice of their crime ?-- byaccidentallyetwerringaspariouaeonoterfeit Vdolaho Wolfb'a Schiedam Schnapps. The- labelsto Illustrate, aSbrds somefavor, upon«*«cything carenilly prepared to impoae upon a elM(pvrehsser. Nowisnotthemanwhoperpetrat-IIUifrand afelon, a robber! Assnredl; he is ; •r. Wolft has expended large rami to brln^ his gen- ^alhsJBporled Schnapps into popular demand, that de- aaadatay he justly considered a part of bis capital in -IKa4a, and a fellow stealing a part of his reputation ismarines," they made their display on foot. In addition to the others in the procession were the city au- thorities, members of the Maryland Legislature, residents and visiting Masons, including the Frede-occasion,'-J^Sj^-fej — - '=—surance that the of the Colorues was conquest;RepresentativesIand I will ever be tbe bright animating. Such, trust,issue of the gloom and darkness that for a season ap-We were ltd to these le-in theprinted progi-amme.to look with if not with indulgence,an Great, illustrious, resplendent!are Alexakderibeprogressandthe of theas completionfWimamM article for the money the; intended to expend bore the aeomakodity in which they bad confidence. And,inierestiDgrelics coanected with WiSiiiNQ-alrea'iy virtually accomplished—a sad mistake for him. as thetite;bntpnta respectable Icoting coat on his cession, on a and a few dollars in his pocket, and he ma^ withambition was for bis country's good. He took officeshall be honored and cherished the chlldien•^.•^^^ vje?5^^ '^T'T" Tf"Inoad by drlnklas badtMireli and andall pemns the waten of the Ohio, Hl8- lUtyotdtear- aitataofao- .of the and Sehnappa >n>peraea ,t dJaeaieegave up hasds of hto Father and his Cod.his into tbe spiritprime mover*, whose object waa to displace Wass- would have been more numetoos and difficult of dressing the Right Worshipful Senior Grand^onU "fullupon consideration,be concluded that while snc-elves iome faint Idea of what have been mightpartbTthe ipliere thou dia-alreadyexhatutedeulogyu factors of tbe human race, but among tkaa <Mapon pro-brious climate, skillful Industry, and enrichingthto only is needed to usher in, amid shouto of tri-itent and ex-presenttrade, rejolcing,the political millenniumanpport all thoaeindaced. molt eminent United States,who shall continue the work wbicn ourWAsaiaatoaof etiquette, desiring to be Spinaanity, nay, evea with the applause of his fellows, near the military, and not in proximity to the civil-but all wasamongprolonged applause.] Mayby Knavery, forgery or other infamoaa means, take the ians. baainess of an honest man from him, and gooperations duringthenight,"aaaeycantaylt cheap, will offer aa the genuine dent and Clue Mills, the artist, were near eachman who was destined to equal. In the estimation of The distinguished speaker took hto seat amid gen-mpijpa laimposedrequiredtimes and countries in which they live. PxaicLxs,able,accomplished,magiiificent, wasthet /tPf""*—as be appears at this moment that the artist seeks toMcWlbrthiarale, WoUs baa tome reaion to fifes without added to the uproar.noIt mcy be an instrument of evil, not less thanpie,of ttadaOy mmpltinenta paid to his Sehledam'tinltbe oooator abounds with eouaterfsits of -,T KM, aad aeareely a eity eaa be foond that waifltatlonaf tbiaCaaumabeverage. Someofat* rae boldest and most nnscruonlous ia theelsewhere. In mere will there ismoral quality- an in-the dawn of; civilization;-i--———o-w— -— i»aM/S^mif/-".''?.'i*5'''*y«<!''? W» genuineroes have the qualities requisite for true statesman- ship; but the fame which he acquired in the field, and the character and qualities he thus developed,enabled better thanhim, all others, to Inaugurate ourTBEE and IlCTLKDOxs of that damy,anheasntdood forth promi- nently as the repret«ntative the exemplar of our Revolution, just as that triplex monstrosity of,."»w uA .DI0 ujiuiv maanerWolfe's fchledsmari!tSi«il^'',"¥v"" "tides of ihe di?. ItUaiure down upon the nation's uollfted face in pityngOM.immutability of our dependence uponelsewhere,thoroughly groundedSchnapps is not one of SSffikSi*''"'* '"*''« "o»t costly manner from ioniSJ?Tnm the Sunday Cminxr CODNTERFElTKRa.—line that his and trembledWASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAT. InangmatioM of OUlIa' Statue mt arayer,nponmU^tr'W^iK^ ^Spteehearthgreat luminary of the Heavens, deeeend^of ss.^.fuppresB, portunity testingwhether the of the mud- cleadsgwhere the breezes from the blue tiills of his own nativeand beloved Virginia delight to play, we inaugurateone; in fact,:the omen accept auspiciousMtsrs to plead technleal avoidance of the law "__ist eoanierftiting; the bottles were very similar, suggested that, not wishing to be considered horsephilosophicalfor,The honorable andaa aaeh of a thief as if ha had stolen a barrel of bis ricksburgh (Va.) Lodge, in which Wasbihqtoh was aABSMMintalk. Andtotnis crimeheaddsafurthertme off defranding tho community by giving them a initiated one hundred and six years ago. The latterthought unfeeling stemess was firm devotion to duty. Like one of those heavenly visitors that occasionallyr, every man wno participates IndlrectJy in the TOH's history as a Mason, includingthe original papers,so rare and his virtues so uncommon tbat they werefuture was destined to prove. Gen. Howi, the British not understood and appreciated by tbe world at large. him with the Scripture patriarchs. would be wrongby idling spurious articles, is as much of an of the list of members of the Lodge, .-md the Bible usediJMjhe principal who plained the imposition.Jtak1*« J'no- For* Dispatch. JJt nWAMOUa BUSINBSS.on the occasion of his installation as Master Mason.The Potomac Lodge of Georgetown, produced thequantity Brunswick, the Americanof troops at Princeton, Coebwallis went forward to proachlully,Trenton, near which the American forces imder ceaseless plotting and active intrigues ultimately ing a land that he knew not of ? These pictures have act of pious devotion, not la the name of tbe pei^ileThefalliiigof rain the dnringmomingcausedWasBiKOTOHwassatlifiedhecould But, accomplish.petfonn dedleatlan of 0ito awae o(     IVasliliiKtoB.ofHon. Tbomai 8. Boeoek, ofIfirgisyi.sumed chief rale, all of the nation.""glerf WASBntetoo,hli manifestof and the duty,THEDAYINTHISCITY.ADDKI88. GimuiiiHortbiJoist Couaimi" A Toquenchbtoimmortality.The Observaneethroogboatthe Conntrr.ingtances Ms Mendi thought It a matter of gnat Impor- tance to blm to make a brilliant itroke. To drive tbeWisHDniTOH, Wednesday, Feb. 22.eveat,out of and retake the was ev- enemy PhUadelphto citynveral boon of theand it was late in the afternoon before the procession,expeC' ted, without him, in the earlier and more unsettledwhich thehave caused to be erected. It toa poatponement for'ear* and which extended over a halfeeremonlea,cess wonld reestablish hto own influence, the effortwould be attended with so much loss of life as to doreal lajnry to the patriot cause. He therefore resistedWasbibstoh,Coagreasof the United Stataa tbe duty andwas In motion. Ueaawblle the notes of busy preparation everywhereThe ringing ef bells was continued andall persuasion, and yielded Ms own Interests for theof retirement,Aromatic prevailed.lemaad by the display of flags, streamers and decorations In allgreat, but knew not stances, none can doubt WASBiiroToa alone could down to tbe remotest which«i Mcoant of itaThe Government and there was a general holiday.officeswere and closed,reverse cast him down. In the one case he felt that he bad merely been an instrument in the advance-Tie; therefore. In order that OUT andentiltea anrbB duly performed, you will enjoin upon the Bninm and all others the order and decorum **^'tailmierallyttlhe•_•^ ea—rl.y sta«g<•rVKen taken in Pennsylvania-avenue was crowded with both resi-npon every hearttween the man that shall live and the man that shall who to stronger than armies and more powerful than equal duties and equal protection, and eoqfusatlricttally at dln-^e eminently ..ten even the toafford morevltt^tfae principal "itates its use,dents and visiters. The patriotic excitementWas in- tense, owing to the anticipated Interesting events.;His own time, take care of His own cause. He the basis of all our goodregardThe view of the procession, as it"applied, statue " wellreportwasnuule. The Oraad supporto thecitywaa destined to attain, so strange and difficult ofwasThe military comprised companies from Maryland,Alexandria and New-York, together with those ofthe District of Colombia.peace, pros-of the of great pointattraction,tmly splendid.: Com." May the Supreme Arohltect of flie Unl-corroborated by The Seventh Regiment, National Guard, of New- eases of one and York, under the command of Col. Mahsuall Lxf-—country, his country a cotmtry he loved so well andforcebtoname on the bot- pore on the label. nerchants in theWOLFS,and Importer,St., Mew-Tork.w amsBioR COM themor-mis, excited, as they did oa their former visit liere, anlvenal admlraUon.The various colored uniforms of the soldiery afford- ed pleasant contrasts, their metallic adornments and arms and accoutrements refracting the rays of the sun, which was on the decline. The men on horse and afoot, the latter class especially, had a fine op-love.Far to the east, keeping steady watch upon thewhena warthat with France was inevita-dy avenue yesterday, liadto-daysufficientlyaccom-and to see it successfully terminated In thedenceofanation. Fewerstill,mitted to Inaugurate' a new Government, and wit-adopted by iinser3RaSii«Ultvaf im-BterfeitiDs tbeextetkraffaaranceand modated their locomotive purposes. It is to be pre-indepen-I. lahela of popalsr draHHMtteaments,rtldea of personal conao^lSB, and thug.of the country hung suspended on a single fight pletion of a work, resolved on by the Continental whatever his situation or Us hisperhaps,areper-protempore,inlayingthecomer-stoneoftheCapitol,sumed that this wise provision did not prove satisfac-Congress immediately after the Revolution!ness its firm establishment in the freedom of a Wasbikgtoii had tbe singular good fortune toapoD the Tell aoqnired repntaclon of an en-trader, palmiDff off meet destmctive and tory. A full force of policemen was far in advance of suitable national artist could heretofore be obtained,and and transcendent complete, grandflof, and to die at last at home and in both,bosom in the act of the dedication of thto statne." crowningThe President received the gavel, and coming forward, was greeted with general and prolonged"ipowias. to the sore detriment not only of ,lrat to the character of the man who hu . thon sands of dollars ia bringing the jtennine laso esteem and demand. Thene petty larceny t tke peat of all honorable dealers and traders, "1 is SJ mnch highway robbery as the Tio-the imposing column, their business being to keep the way clear for those who, to the music of many martial bands, vrere briskly advancing. In additifHi to these were the President, Vice-President, members of the Cabinet, Senators and Representatives, and other high dignitaries, the surviving officers and soldiers of the Revolution in uniform, who had a place merelyIt was provided that tlie Navy officers, together with the Army officers, should appear on horseback, but they did not do so, and it isif Mr. Mills has been found competent to this great work, and the public voice pronounces that he has been,—then he is most fortunate in his subject. It has been said of a kindredtriuiaph.This same strong sense of duty gave him a great control over his feemigs and his passions. Intellectu-theHero! Patriot! Sage! If there be one title moreIng man strikes oat a new business, gavel used by WAaaisGiox when he laid the comer-ox whirh he gives bis industry, r^iecnniarT means, can anything be I* than to nave another steal in, and,siarartKle, and endeavor to obtain their patronage ?Tntr. what diiCsrence ia there, to far as the honesty oftketning is concerned, between parlointng The businessiTTfaicnacltisenhopea to make bis bread and stealing*MkraadItaelf? Acommonthief,ifhetakeswithoutIww. however hungry, a loaf of bread from a baker'sikMiD apprehended and condemned to the Penitentia-ry NT dafag in a surreptitious manner to appease his dependent display. They split off from the main pro- iiifluence on the patriot cause, struck out one of thosebrought them to ruin. a far-off, haze-enveloped, oriental background. They of the North or the South, the East or the West, not In the war of the Revolution, we had peculiar dif- are drawn with the ijencil of inspiration, and colored in the name of those who dw-ell on the waters of tbeapecioaa aratexta, hold oat to the public an infe- Mr. .stone of the Capitol.Maj.-Geo. Jssup had command of the military, andWAsniNGTOK then were.In consequence of harassments which he met onficulties to encounter. We had a sparse poouiation with the huesof Heaven. I couldnot say that they At'anlic or of tbe Pacific, but in the name of thewhole .\merican people of the Uidted States, one and invisible, now and forever. fLoud andGxoaox W. PaiLLiFS, United States Deputy Marshal for the District of Columbia, charge of the civil branch of the procession.fall;scattered over a wide extent of territory, and havingno unity of feeling even in relation to the Revolutioniuself, wliich was brought on, more for the violationof abstract right than for any felt oppression. There not deal in but I desire to bewere, therefore, among our people many loyalists,and a number ofvery large anti-revolutionists.,^_J to BOtbJng sodespicable or more anil we" I think I see clearlv therav (ast life," was a form of expression used by himby signallyCould he have lived in ancientsiocTwas givenhim to use it for thto noble subjeot.deserring of se- .Waai*daatf«MabU»B the attempt to intetfere.ly unpomp splendor, and as by a creative mind,fingertriumphed often, but never morehe over himself. triumphedthan whendaysof'he one now in tbe Pateiitis to JJtbaJilsel^gda, BotwhenadeJer subject th" ceivableImmensity,Almightlness, of Thine unapproachable tlUbt," dec.It sometimes did, even at that It saw at early day.);artistaad patriot of tbe Rey*set batlag ^% Ubels, style of ficX^s,.- andthe head of affairs one who made section mire, pens record, and tongues to praise olutlon—Tacuct^L. Mr. Mills said. In conda-"-should not cunningly wrought marble, and granite, and be mistmderstood. It had In it nothng we^k or super- ar j hisbad everywitness of his trials, his exertions, dangers, and who was known not only as the atoo as the first of.\nd whenImitated as to deceive thebe dapotinced and itsperpetra- waillcaewn that Mr. Udolpho Wolfe,of the Union the first of Virginiapiivatehis public worth.sion said it would be dark day indeed -when,.when meneven and should this statoe meet1aa4Jaoieioniayetemofadvertising,begave*'^'^ 8reat Wethank oh this theenthusiast,whomistakesthemorbidactionofhis r„ Thee, God,__..> wide spread aad vail daaerradbut whose life and character wereunder the SS!r».l['>l'*'' Behledam Sebatpps. His tuecess natu- SH?*^'?* opaoaltion, which he bad reason to expect, =£%^i<*«>aiyebns&iess baa beea dona ehieflywith 2&?£ft^^.'*t%'I°>"^<»u In appearance ef his,1.,.ilii'itini. ?' ""' naUon,wlth the ivpH '"^«' "•" ''"Ppy history, so rep"^letecute, or soften, or self devotion allof Washikotoii shall attend his character, andtheNew-Orleans,rapaUtton,clemency this, it was known,with Furies. His sense of duty ed with many anxieties and difficulties. In b"* " cles, and pursued putting andthe«orms8haU beat^M*^j^xtx the fWme of nn-and makes as the storm one calmergrowslouder.earl V arose the constitutional advisers of tne amongtheir And the and tons of thou- prosperity. thoosai^forth to' gaze apon aad admire the woodersaabbcwsntlywas imperfbcl****"*jMarJOT and deleto-^norcome a sacred abrlae, before which tae fleiceneu ofremembered that when the work was done, greatvearly goduring many years earth, when they shall oome to tbto "The firemen, residents and visitors made a fine In-voluntarilyJerseys, would at that time exert a very disastrousgrand manoeuvres with which he occasionally aston- ished his friends and overwhelmed his adversaries.just. Washihgtox may have had ambition, but it was notanasstthed of justice. All this is wrong. Some yearstfae* a gentleman of this Citv lUdolpho Wolfe) intro-daced to the cltlxens of the United States a medicatedactfele of gin, which was highly approtea by profession-al c«atl«ea as a sapeiior tonic and deobstruent, andtbakaowledn of which be, by advertisement and otber- the reason, it is said, that their place should be di- Trenlon. One or twoother, and the orator of the day was of coune con-spicuous.The platform was tastefully decorated with thePeru, Chili, the Den- Netherlands, Ecuador,b aa article is, the more mark, Portugal, Sardinia, Central America, eertauUyitIs Naples,contagion spread. The American troops, with their had in so eminent a degree. A more brilliant man modem fame.Claxx Mills, the artist tben adranced giriag th* order to unveil the statue.Fmn tJu Sunday Leader, MODMSN COUNTSBFEITESS.reinforcements, returned to the t^mtest. Washhto- Toa'8 position, between opposing fires, was one ofHe was lost to the view of his ownaffectionate him aide-de-camp givewould have hazarded more, and that we could not The verdict of tbe French philosopher GmsoT, pro- nounced in view of tus whole record, "was, that ^* ofIn the hurry to do thto the attendanto did not per-ivlab tifiMi of modem conaterfeitara deserve<ka aaranrt pgalshmeat, and yet thus ISar they have es- ataadthalrnaTited reward. Deeds which deserve the ••(tafti—aiBaaH tat mere businsas transactions. The Brazil,great danger. A terrific discharge from theguns at one time enveloped him in a cloud of smoke.afford. A less disinterested man would have lost the all men he was the most virtuous ana the most form the duty and ordy a part of tbe statueMoateaL niaaetcf coanterfeiting Ddoipho Spain, Mexico, Ayres, Paraguayweremoney almost bound- rived from tbe veneration paid to the immortal name moved the section of canvass which had partially ob-Kr. Wolfc and the publls arele i by tban base and unprincipled conn-wavingTmn tkt'emiat Tima. aCBODAM. SCHNAPPS.glory,connection,man of Athens in the time of her high-It lathe painful privi- p<rpetBall> iubiected to imita- la •onatenBlted, and the more I* wemaypcnnadeourselves tat popiuar. for few will Uke *! tbat vbleh is not intrin- eoonlerfeit dies out with Xbn<,paaBiea are seldom countar- ^jrjkaaeattaatngae,tatofsteiUnggold!him, but he heeds them not. of the Most High.?;oramtefouflgovernment had already provoked disceoxnitsetnitn,grepresentativeEnglanddays,in this incident, and the one most frequently accorded to Washiaoton, IsTbe following is thewas onr great forest-bred Cavalier, with aU the high representIs married to that ot Bunker honor of his ancestral stock of Dx WxsaiwoToifS. with rejuesentingthegreat revolutionary epoch, withNapal:strument of good;AimapollsHill, King's Mountain, and Yorktown, and the char-WASBmGToa'sthe Generato,look in mercy—hearand our sins. forgivewas the coutroling greatpointplacedother,dependenton the action of the in-were assigned a place in the programme immedi- ately after the Judges of the Supreme Court of the United States, but this they declined to occupy, forhis forces in the dead of night, and made a hurriedas did from different there was much always stretched out before turn in the future, as the Should It ever become a ruin by a dissolution of tbeunder Col. Maw- '^n, illiiiiiliiitfid thrOQghoat the country. So soon rectly after the Executive officers of the Government. Boen, already on tbe march, Intercepted a division of;but it will teach the lesson to all the dwel-aaMebaten,whopais in the bnshiesi community asandties, peculiar qualities"nv Mr. WoUh wai Ukely to have handsomeInthe commander-in-chief.to their villainous liquids. As this horde arenowlag bold in their rascalllties, it is time the public the prominent citizens entered it and took seats onrequisites,Btow&sndcountry were put upon their guard. Con-•aaurs should be sure that they purchase the genuineaattelcarelsetheirhealthmay be irreparablyInjuredby aatea tiie horrible stuff that nnicrupulotu men, be- tary Floyd, sat together. The President, Vice-Presi-charger,withoutorganization,position\mile,on hto finalhalf tbe worth that lay conc«:aled beneath his modestlife. His coimtiy men failed at first fully to appreciate )rycom- directionswasInharmonywiththegreatoccasion. theextentoftheirloss. Andevenhisfrienaswerethus With soduty to fame and power.posteritythto land of liberty, as an inestimable compend of eei vices, It to our't* of theprefer controllingwLateverIstruein in prirllege to add Urn wisdom,holy patrlottom,and SrlealtoveandaffectionofhisBrethrenoftbeIfyatlefar-seeing in sutesmanshlp. Would that its doctrines were not only infused into every mind, but engravedneared the dreleflowone memorial has followeday, another,regiments,This point of etiquette was previously raised on the tbe American force under Col. Hcoa Miaces, whomcontroloperations. Toovercomethesedifficul-the Uae and money which he had expended, occasion of the fiineral of Postmaster-General Wabbisotos had sent on to enter Princeton by a route different from his own.wererequisite.A sound and a firm home. clear, judgmentthat in this Western world, but recently known to civilization, and only partiallyover which tne dull ob- livion of unnumttered centuries had not ye* ceasedwithout hleiature, without polite arts,to the human race be averted, and In the language of S«loiio5 at the dedication of the Jewtoh temple, "May the Lord our God be with us as He was with our Fathers. Let Him not leave us or for-this be[Applause.] May the prayer of all. atabeatfarfisghia labels and palming offupnnBaowiT, and has not yet been decided.The procession having reached the circle, the mil-anwill abilitytoimdergohardships, andStrangedecreeoffate!A collisionIn aaaa lastances they have gone so far aa to put Wolle's itary wheeled to the right of the inclosure. >vhile tia, coming up to his relief, were also checked, and menyeoviedetestableandpoison^o*uscompounds,which May hare tbe hardiheod to call Schiedam Schnappfl."ensued,and;thetroopsunderCol.Mxb- withthesufferingsofothers economy ;the platform.The Cabinet Officers, with the exception of Secre-and voice and seeking bytheto do his whole to God and hto and utterly imcared for, there should have arisen a when we assembled here to-day.flags of England, France, Russia, Prussia, Austria,weaker faith would himself hare tbe contest given upin despair. CiSAi gained more brilliant victories, but he commanded weil-drUled Roman legions. Napo- LioK fought more splendid battles, but his conscrip- tions of men and levies ofwas revealed..1 by petsons who are too lazy to work and Buenos and Rome.with mercy. He was presently seen to emerge un- hurt The greaUst enthusiasm seized the American forces. The enemy In turn gave way, and as he siw them breaking into flight, Wasbisotos waved his hat in enthusiastic and exultant triumph.At the moment already when he dashes described,forward towards the enemy's guns, and draws him- self up in calm defiance, as though he would chal-progress which our race has made In wisdom and virtue be de-Aup the pedestal, and, leaping on the horse's back, la-aDest and medicated instance. Is theft Our own flag waved above all, and the desk was pro- gin.forless.With raw recruits,badly clothed, badly fed,r •( the worst Und. It Is palming off u oon > aa artiele inferior and unwholesome (or that Haenalns. While people wonld freely uietbe a'fcbatri'i.ttey wotud shudder at the thought H^elM 'at* Uteir tamlUes the poiaonons coun-and stars.of Wabbihgion."sciued the view of the statuejmeanwhile tbe thunderof cannon, sounds of music, throat-straining cheers, and expiegsions of wild delight, greeted tiw exhibition.Clabx Mills having been loudly and repeatedly called for, said the lateness of the hour would pre-of hto ventinhim from itnotrhuidmisneglfonhtehewpiasthiednceto Mendtah,ebut justice remark, statue was Intended for a greater elevation than Itbut the was to appropriation Inadequate:decorated with the Itwasnearly5o'clockbeforetheceremoniescom-menced.Senator Humoini announced afiuelystripesbadly paid,and oftenwith insubordinateRev. Dr. NuCAL, of the Methodist Episcopal Church. Scarce- ly had the Divine uttered the first sentence when the gates of the semi-circle were, in obedience to an order but a'few minutes previously issued, thrown open, and In pushed the thousand of impatient outsid- ers, men, women, and children, who soon took pos- session of all the seats, from which they had a fine view and an opportunity to bear all that was said. The confusion and noise at this point was certainly not in accordance with the solemn pait of the cere- la fan alXam baltatMaa, and probably alwayi monies, and the beating of drums and blowing ofunder such cir- glorious result ot the American Revolution.out of certain forms of civilization, and stand as the representatives of theof hate and handkerchiefsprayeroffered up by Dr.thirdAlmighty God, infinite in majesty, wisdom, power and htilliiess, we would humbly tx)w ourselves as a nation in the dust at Thy glorious feet, and acknowl- edge the weakness of our strength, the waywartiness of our own stability, the worthleasness of our own ilghteousness, the uncertainty of our truth, and theor as wellasof the Eventhefallen pirate, patriotangel, in his lost and lulned estate, boasted still of—" The unc<.nqaerable will And study of revenge—immortal hate. And courage never to submit or yield.''The resolve of Gioxox Washinotoh, in the affair atrepresentedmounted by the Eqnaa-dPerinntcesteolne,ctaed for this stoaftuwehiwcahscatn tbhe fboatutnlde olfaUphax's description where WaSS- life of Waahington, page 230,made, the moon and tbe stars, the work of Thy fin-prayer by;Thewithin and made featuie,andthesesigasofjoayndwereatoeolevatedbyper- sons on house-tops, in trees, other pouto.existence as a for our free in-own corporeal system for the manifestation of spiritualsuffer,be expected oftohed as the annlversarv of the birth;national naity aad fraternity ever and aaon, down to assent and encouragement ofthe latest poeterlty, shall renew their noblest ineplra- scarcely a OMtUr of doubt that tjoaandleklndletbeirinteoaestardor. Weoffer beenreadytomakehimsupremerulerwiththetiUeministration was involved, aad inileh tbe isoToa.withtheFatherandtbe eternal praise. Amen.Whatwonldbeharedonet HeLord,and of faith ;the sanM devoUon to aodaie same cotmtiy bought with blood. To the clooa*aala_whom,tothen latnduced by Senator Hamton).Holy SpirltbeMr. BeoocK waa wllh general and repeated giocodmed the paetedon thepralTered bribe and meceaafiilly rebukedoverruling Prorldence, whichupon It,It wUltall ut adaicheere, and throughout his addrea waa frequently in-termpted by applause, and partlctilarly at the closethe of his auditors was wild and enthu- approbationsiastic. He spoke without any notes whatever, andagain, as soon as his sense did in hto devoted ooune on of puoUcduty wouVi allow' pasttbooghwereBuiaom, but Gatu had reaped the credit of the we cannot say that the struggle would not olUmactaesley, mabiogvhet,y sWhAasUrastniaUtoa, basking In anbe waa acquitted him- physically Indisposed,would have been the fate of ouria a Bianaer that elicited the warmest enoomloau on kto style of oratory. Tbe foUowing to the:selfFaistsraT,Brandywtne. Germantown, and Fort Mifflin had been have been mcceasfolly established. For Imyself, the aoinea of dtoaatar to forces^ and, all, donbt tbe latter as much as theOra» gaow tf them, CELIBSATIOR OF TH8 UKITID AMBICiNS. ma plain bat patilaretaal mansion oa the lontbern mean time a foimidable cabal had been formed, in party strife would have been far greater, and sectlon-dll soon the will be studded with the monuments ofself to look out from the present ill to the future ccrd would fill the land with the fruits ofgood. Confidence In final triumph was almost always perity and happiness. With all our fertile soil, salu-formed, true and tnutp," and contlnnedit with his the seat of Government of our is, name,;giverevery goodFederal Capital, stands the colossal statue by guns had four times pierced his garmentsGxxxnouQH. Yonder m the south, in Isolation, lonelyIs a structure whose incompletness we regret, and which Is designed to sustain another colossal statue that, as its presiding genius, shall overlook the Execu- tive Mansion of the country. Here in this;oil, plenteously abound tbe throughoutspot, where the Summer sunbeams latestandeverytning,Tbe Grand Master, addressing the President of tbe United States, said:" This gavel was made expressly for the parvaae,and was used as President by Washisgto!!,thisof America's living artists, an equestrian statue of GioxeiWabbisotokbyClaxxMills. Atardycom-daygreatest patriot bycoui at the agedThe delay has, perhaps, resulted from the fact that noon the 16th of and I now have day September, 1793,the honor of requesting, in the name of the Fraternity,that you, his successor, will now likewise employ itrecentlyequal beauty and truth is applicable to this;spoke'*Art in its mighty privilege receives, Fainter and painted in its bonds forever.A Girl by Raphael In bis glory lives A ^ ashington unto his limner givesespeciallykeyacter of its and great subject,mark which 1 shall pursue.I shall not attempt a review andWhich nated as, thank God, always has bean the caae in the of Is written the us In tne end or thean- alysis of the whole conduct and character of Wash-pulse Is honesty, and self control Is selfish calculation.But such ethical and selfish rules were all at fault inregard to Washisgton. He was naturally a man of lust of orhigh passions, but be sought, very successfiilly. tothem. He was but hisgovern Impulsive, impulseswerecurbed. What,wllhanother,mighthavebeen Eeljish calculation, was, with him, earneet thoughtnvoTOH. Were such an attempt suited to theit has been forbidden to me by the shortness of the time allowed me for preparation, and that, loo, in the midst of my cungresiional duties.gain.lived and how- Wolsbt died" Itthe he did not enter Trenton until way.about night- and therefore determined to delay, till the fol- lowing morning, his intended attack on Washiwoton. himself face to face with a force greatjy superior to his own, and knowing that either to suffer a repulse, or to retreat from theWabbincton incharacier. But I will say that, in duty and in faith,The latter,he approached them more nearly than any other hero-cries ofThee. Look Princeton and wasMcbat,exemplarand vicUoo ofimbued duty. Duty? dutyconscientious con-of civilIf doubto were entertained about the new Constitu-troeps, advanced so near the enemy'swhile the balls which were fired tore up the earthon,thoroughlywith,experimentgovernmentfinding—for ages yet to come may toey stand like tbe ever-lasting bill against which the tempests from everyaopropriateenemy, and enveloped in the smoke of their fire ;his country's good. The occasion forlinger,art, what witla :ally, perhaps,to control than that of manv other men destitute of that which dazzles andbrilliancyvates, so he was free from that teeming, restless fe-strong,pure,lofty,Hein a dtotlnctand animated tcaie,;thewis tbesolemnprocessionoftorch-bearersinthesacredto the char- suggests the line of re-sympathy In the use of cia were repulsed. A division of Pennsylvania mili- means, and skill in preserving as well as inmanagingthese were the were in amongsake us."resent, and may each one return to his home In*,theieditlffii.There to another incident in hto life which,he withdrew fromHad Wabhihotoiibeen the never lived, what woald have;and forces were bothof that siamp that made the angels fall. He loved quarter of the heavens shall beat in vain—in a wortf,Money to common Governmentandcollect the one or enlist thejft i^-ffNEW-YORK.THURSDAY,FEBRUARY23, 1880.eetlonal strife shall learn to ohastea Itself and where Congren bad treated them with tnjastlee. With the great bitterness of party feeling, in which the Ad • they gaze thto abnUtode oftbeposition woold have seen in all theae demonsttatlona the Anaer of ProrideDce,groat sound,ctoariodgment,and dlsintereitednesB, managed to retain thefor theGod, modest reliance on anperhaps, equally exhlblto his self-denlal and controlling sertse of The year 1777 waa to a close, underplannedbyachievement Under hto own Immediate mpervtoionresult o( our revolutionary strurgle t Hadgolden ibower of beams like Impeilal Jon, stallTheMm which led to the surrender of Gen.governmental eiper- "These are speculations which It will neverhave ended tiinmphauuy, so. In the other, we do nothtoto crownshake hto tmst la Ood." Grand Wnmas, Esq., Oraadto achieve a great end. When that was accomplished, Leaving a few men to keep up fires and other camp dividual States, who, though contending against a he to that retirement which wasof men. [Renewed andmaich to Princeton. the of that Reaching vicinitying they States,rivalry and bad feeling. Here, then, was discord calm and peaceful haven of his hopes. Had he been Union, it wtown early m the morning, he found the troops left theje by CosxwALua in the act of setting out forill not, like the ruins of Balt>eck and Pal-greatness,mestic circle and the family fireside. Had he been ment has failed, and that man to of incapafatenot so much a great one, he would never have left his self-government May such a direful dtoasterthus the ene- common enemy, had yet a great feeling of individu- withdrew gladlyWashington City, which he foimded, contlnne deceiving ality and jealousy among themselves. Some of them ever grateful to his heart, and which, in all circum- throughout many generations to be the seat of gov^ None of the Diplomatic Corps were present. They my, and then to follow after, he drew off the body of were often remiss in duty. Among the officers, com- stances and conditions in which he might be placed, erument of a great, powerful and ui.ited confederacy.among the people rivalry among the ofitcersbut abovedanger of being routed. At this juncture there was needed a strong sense of duty to command 10 broodWabbibgtoh himself daihed up on his white;settled socialgeart more and more determined ardently patriotic,totroops, and encourage the halting militia, rushed for-country thanexamplerallyflyiug;; a want of men and moneyfought for principle in the revolutionary struggle. i^csident of the Convention which framed it and He was a man of signal moderation. Such was thegers, we are ready to cry out from the tiny world we and perhaps none who, in the affairs of this world, that he gave It his assent. If men were jealous of spirit of our contest He had great self-control. Un- lected, the hero—the the problem of Liberty.When we consider the heavens which Thou hisiIdea with himacter. Few men ever had so strung a sense of dutyIt was In lu favor that he had beeu somethingcalm and col- instrument in the hands of Prov-thePf<»-l<lentralintervention. We whofeelsthepromptingofhisownwickedpassions,increased reverence thickeninghenorsshallclusterSve XrheH«,",S'folouered m,^7K ".*"" f°'' ">e brave soldiery thatle°adTs' whTd'around his name.otic breast from hostile steel and liad d*uA.rihe' whole ofthat war la which he w„ at ^^e?".';?^.hi/,nationnowset in up;movement in one of the States, growing out of ourhihablUcli*V"'". "°V,'^A""''^„m ,k,tostnuoent and tbe nation's chiefwo lalae our earnest cry to Thee that thli "statue which the loving hearts and united hands cf^e^Sefast. Immovable. He had not that vulgar firmnesswhich boasts for a and surrenders for a itself purposeprice. His was that firmness that repels temotadonstaiuli and tne sUent guardian of Then, too, an unhappy difference which dium of their privileges,some delay was eipen- -~» w3 expected, for them, butobt^tog sStable quartersof the God aad the loving Father of ourand currency questions, continued of his Ad-the time approached for the army to be disbanded, mlntotration. Aad ultimately the relative relations of the(brtVemTbo. toewtWv^oM An.f faithfulness of ourobviatea. At the NationalCountry mav be-opshall paaae with rererantlalMecca awe, aaImpulse;not, indeed,him.As theadmiration.ThtospsechwasreceivedwithTne crowds then hastily prepared lor a speedyexit but a long time before this was accom- elapsedand calls it the voice of Godgreat applause.;tion,underbisfeet andamidthisscenesat. ;and this was his distinguishing char-;"count of him, or the son of man that Thou visitest eveiy sltuatlouef difiiculty or of danger it was a it aided to reconcile them whenhim !" We have btUll cities which teem with popula- tion, we have erected capitols with their loftyinhabit,Lord, what is man that Thou takestac- had fruch anopportunitythat jond the point proposed. Having reached that. It The likeness reproefsenWfiasuBomnoroH. laandmarble Into edifices of national pride and protection of an overruling destiny.domes, we have combined masses of graniteClsrbargelawieesness atany one time broke forth, it was al-ready half subdued when rebuked one who had StiUsociety, saying, "peace,hehave made statues to leap upon their bases In honorby enerKv LJS of our heroes and our statesmen, but one though of and again he said: "As the All-wise Disposer ofimmortal verse would have adherentt would,'Iistee etaM.wttVabaslnMi established-am^EBMrfla>«fca|dtal. Legitlmi&°co|^?,1itf^ Thee, of Thine of Thine ineffable. Incon- events has hitherto watched over my steps, IWhen a sectional spirit began to break forth, (andThose days are pastand to hispabattagaofpur-holiness, dwarfs all our magnificence and vails But I would that his belief In destiny o«rvirtues andcentury after century shall have rolled by, bearing Its be should forget the memory of thto vaat eoaaawaabronze, In their littleness. With stitious. It was not the wild dream of the visionary, appropriatefruits into the bosom of the past;of persons, their appro-it, Introdaeed a le* yean since, (or medicinal our facts In the dust, from amid the symbols who reads in every eperaUou of nature some vutici- Americancitizens, but patriots.shall look back to thto time, through the haze and mist bation it proudw ould be to him a reflectioniurposes. a aor* aruele of gin, to which, by a T-hTM ."^Honal glory and pride, we confess that natioo of duty or of fatenot the deep delusion ofof a remote and far-off antiquity, it this shall stlU be a Whateverwisdom could devise, or firnmessexe- landof freemen,thisdayshall sliu be fondlycher- heroofin anftiat be impertohaUe oik, not onlvnor yet wasS&S^rtik^^.^e.*"'^xdishonestattemptstoia- marahalrdth»~r''e.V^5','..'°S*''m"'Sr",^'J,V'o's'Aft'^m"a•r'c"hS^e's','=a'n°d5 economyoftheancientGreek,spokethroughOra- mtnlstratlonoftheExecutiveofficewasnotunattend- theworld,thewindsshallblo«-.therainsinS«KuXt£l^!ilH»"^">"flp*"tocotaplala and dl-•SSSsMtaMaS'^Sff-1 ^"=<"'". S!^*e''k?ul«"rtfcl?:^'^'">o sold by these ginA°"?it. .T^?m was a rcbust, manly feeling, the verdict of a sound the new machinery Into motion, there was at once a amid them all. So it .hall be with the fatne.f himph'shed.Therewasaogeneral procession on retiringfromWnm (A« Courier asxd F«/>u».m AH IWKBIOR»•judgment,And In acting uo lo its dictates, he felt himself undertheguldaiiceand protection of the Great Arbiter of truth and justice.cracy was so great that it looked with suspicion even upon those simple forms which are almost Insepara-cism may\low upon It; the storms that betoken moral or social change m»y break "f^''^ .»"''«Itl* dni ta Rf Th An 8«n«S(S*>'<«*fttaibe^mltieJ ha hto"« »^'' ~"^'" """sustained by an active, healthy coBscieace. question about ceremonials. The hatred to aristo- whose image it Is. The breath of "»&'=»'"''"'"the after suuduvui ^lA umlera scene^'rt^cleicdCommissioner ofPtiMla the Keportcn toihaX-lTATr'gly-T^'SpKBIOBeven social organization. The Shall stand firmly true, andto thL-m even- faoiUtyofW*j5i£«?^;;*^„.d reputation, tohUmeStffcaD»tltatlon,andforpr^tecil^hn^tr?and Uberty-lonog man whodrafter day, wIU look uj|»n It as the Pala-a widerfeet commlngllDgprudence and valnV and wimlomThis waa tho basis of his belief lo destiny. Stayed byitasbyagreatanchor,hissoulwascalm,stead ilwainecessary to quell»«»dr«M.-ei%SSlit a oelief in that blind, unreasoning fate, that. In the moralof theand honored dead, wnich we this day piit ior^°<'\°J^:fthe royolatlonary heroofmadness of the fanatic,might confidentlyobjectohto ardent;military career of WABHnroToa had itstriato. Its hardships, and its mental disquietudes, so his ad-Upon this representative and similitudegreat shaU tMNLet me present one or two illustrations. It will be President, in relation to the finance andcollation co»«qoence_ofthey were greatly dissatisfied;they thought that ef our conntiy towardsEnglandand France createdof tbe mind,"Untitled Documentble from pollUcal andIndians on our frontier created disturbances whichand an lasurrectionaryexcise laws, though real trouble. quickly suppressed, gavefixetfin the hearts and memories ofoperationsprobablyment 7beallowedusinthislifetosolve. Asintheoneface; bnt then ttescarce,WAsaciaioii, theybead ofthat Administration did aothonored, entirelyescape.Year afteryearshallttatdumbImaaatalli"t"s"jealousy between the Statesgoodall,confidence, and great patience and faith to enable him to sustain reverses, bear up under gloomy pros-;and serenely bide the time for an effecUveIt Is would havequent story of patrtoCtoB,denttoa amtarif-l ~boly with generation after a Hob. Thomas S. Bocooi, tbe orator of the day, was and wonld have promptly expeUeaCosgreo, and as- cKepsntseddenee and regard of tbe eoantry. In^bemaa- It plead for InitttnUons founded InOh Lord, la the name of Jeans Chrtot our«f Khag. Think of Caoawxii. In such a'TbronRhont aU, tato however, 'WAsaiaeioa, byward under the very muzzles of the enemy's guns. His Eelcotws.,soul was thoroughly fired with determined zeal. The These were tbe very qualiUes which Wabhukstos the virtuous and the good, all ancient glory and all eral and most enthusiastic applause.upcloud was, however, not charged with ruin, out filledstatesman. Lord BaouoHAU, has declared thattil time shall be no more, will a test of theun-shirtlaughter.man, agile as a monkey, swiftly climbedlenge his fate, and was indifferent to the resultit isButthecrowningactofremained to be done. With a laurel-crowned anU representativehim in how hisTbe most qualitytbe statue before us. How firm hispresentresolvehis noble missionHeaven, to accomplish a nation's deliverance, he fears no harm. The messengers of death fly aroundi,,!enemy's fHends, and hisconfidence of the army and of the nation, and one ofgreatfortunate ;—in this world God has no higher favors tobestow ;"—whUe the great English orator, jurist, andperfectly,A cry firom some one in the crowd of "Tear thein The despair."occasioned muchofficers his plottingandamid desolat^ fields, andvegetable productoroDfidiiig armynation ringing in ids ear, wheii thewnen ambition well have fired his heart aad mightglory beckoned oim on to those higher^reaches of pow- er, which most men so much desire to attain, he no- bly went forward and surrendered his commission in- to the hands of Congress. Nations looked on In wonaer;were struck dumb with astonishment The star of his military renown pales, now, before the clearer a»>d purer and brighter light of his moral heroism.the attribute of the hlghwaymin The name ofgreatin theconspicuousthan the Partheuon could representing the three great epochs ot earwill. Butthatterm faivtly desciibes his leading characteristic, here orhistory. The fiist to represent tbe coontiTthatofhigh unconquerableiauplifted by sense ofpraisesman ofairy, and Ckaelxs 11. in the days ofgallantry.soul IsFeeling himself an instrument ofof chiv- These men could scarcely have lived in any other age or clime. So WAsuiiiOTON could scarcely have had his existence in any other time or cotmtry. He could no more have been an Italian of the middle ages than Machiatxlli could have been an American, or CssaeHis trust is in the shieldhas:out the original design, namelyIntended that tbe pedestal should be In three atorlea,changing overthrow,;As certainvery olten, but feeble aidexposed lo the rigors of the climatecumstances it a Washington to achieve the:men spring almost necessarilyCongress giving.!weight of hto character,; ear after year itaailittBadi IIIthat gather over and breakoootrary, he so mnch displayed in his military career. Here clonal and itotnu tbrongh which Ito great anttOLodge of the District of Colnmbia, tbaak ef Oie Potomac, Oaotsa WASBtaeroii yielded to which Garaa, Coiwat, Himis and Lovxu were tbe aldtocord mnch stranger. InnureetlonBryinovemenU ceeded to conduct the M»»nlc eeremonlea. Ia ad.tbe power of aad death,Around tliat death- l>ed were the usual indications of grief, and some- thing more tban the nsual appointments of respectWa^andleveresce. Tbesbockby ed aheld,funeralorationsweredelivered, sorrowingres- olutions were passed, the Congress of the United StatesdeemeditafitoccasiontocaUoutits besttal- ents to set forth the merits of the deceased, and even In Bngland and France appropriate honors were of- fered. But even all this did not show the extent to which the services and character of Wahoinstor had impressed tbe public mind of his own country and of the world. Nations knew himthe Though ihip*• Mnir^TMiSrf.;i"J?TM„S'*'S5°" »2 wdSrf ttS Most Woranlptal Grand Lodge of the Free aadlandprodaced throughout tbetbewas follow-tbe announcement of theby strong outburst of sorrow. MeetinRS were idently the achlerement for tbe occasion. Thisa sense of unawareofthewealthofimmortalitywhichhisname concededthatlucceascouldnotgreatlyelevatenorappreciation duringment of a good workthe winds and waves of adverse fortune, would, in for constitutional limitation in all cases, was madebefitting august ptroestehence occasion. The square waa Ihetl applied foundation-stone of the pH'-rtal. aitfthe quality that divides be-life isdie!But as at the coming on of serene night, one starappears alter another, till at length the whole heavens with Uvljig sapphires, so, since the close of hiswhole landhis fame and the of his immortality. trophiesSeveral of the leading cities of the Union have al-ready erected, within their limits, some suitable workto commemorate his greatness. Tliis city, called, asihqtok from tbe chief oomaiandtand ther were work- and foreign jealouay more bohl andhe saidIn compliance with tienot witbont some effect Under these clrenm- suppression, effeetlTe.:correctly representany phaseoftiispublic positton.'preposition former.Gzoaex C.'mademore adverse currente and been toiaed npon more Accepted Masons of the Dtstilct ofhasgood the country. What Napolioji, or even Wil- The patriot heart has often kindled over it In the name of WASBnaroa touboiob would have done, under similar circum- paeollarlT "'i ilibwl.It duty, maywell bein the other, he relied that HeandThen, Indeed, was, therefore, prone "to hope against hope." It was would party feuds and sectional ammoslties be al-and a similarhis maxim nmer to despair." He accustomed him- layed. A spirit of mutual respect and fraternal coa- Master declared the pedestal whichwith him, a calm and sedate, but sustaining ImpuUe. In his long and hurried marches throughunbroken withthe forests,surrounded bv a muchserved so truly—should not he behind in tUs labor of and succor; at Bxaddoce's defeat, when carnage anxious for his country, and ready to render any ser, transmit to the latest posterity their priee-ing In his earsandperfect gift hleas aad maipMof thein hto rude entrenchments at Roundumph and of songsof our land.Senior Grand Warden: "Wine." flid Mayshot from under him, and the balls from the enemy'sseemedble, old man as he was, ensnrined as he was in the hearts of his coimtrymen, with nothing more of fame to attain, and nothing more of glory to covet, from a pure sense of datv, he agreed to take charge of theandon that eloomy Christmas night, while struggling across thewine analength and breadth of our tond, and may tbe Gr^ eatfloatingpreserve In eternal bonda (tfin his cheerless Winter quarters at Valley Forge, his men perishing with cold and himger, his secret ene- mies plottlDg his own overihrow, and the country dis-circumstances, calm, undaunted eye looked away to the future, and modestly hoped that it saw in Its bosom ultimate, andforhis services did not arise, but the certainty that It would not was scarcely manifest when death came to s'rmmon him to the " mansions of eternal rest"It to allowed to few men to carry on a revolution,saddening prospect;yellssavages ring-began.ofMeadows, superior Now, though public position, all our patriotic undertakings, and iaa^witlidrawa fromof French and Indians, and far away from home ^.ontrolling sense of duty made WASHii?GToa still this generation with wisdom and virtoe tostrewed the field, and when hto horse had been twice rice which might appear Incumbent oa liim. So- less heritage. Grand Master: "OU." MayDelaw are amid theagainst the snowdrifts on towards Trenton; at thisvery battle of Princeton, while under the guns of the armies of the nation, and to imperil life, reputation, States.Ice, or whilemarchingRuler of the Universelove and friendship the Union of these aoverebmhis natare nave been lessaversecapti- him,might;? There Is Let them pass In solenm procession acrosseachalso subjected to control. The world to accustomed mysteries of Eleusis. Gaze on them ai, they pass.ithealth, plentypeace, symbolized by cam,of his family.harenay ultimatelyof Staieport, It to certain that ahe would have encoonteredseas, .Thepassing over the country at the time of hto death onr himble in thetempestuouspollUcal tempestIt to my will and pletsnre that we nowstateofonrinstitutions. Theimmortal" legacy which,|W^ould that ito lesson of " equal laws," involving equal burdens and beoefito,:politicalaction.crafttmtm done their duty." The level and plumb were aeztmore noble than all that others, bymorefor as he was title 1 would name him. To whom shall we liken applause.or with whom shall he bethe long list of military heroes. In ancient and modernas follows FiLLOw-Cmzissthestage,bearinglightof his like past life,out a cload. Tbeearlypartoftbedaywaaboto-Thereimpulsive and ardent temperament With many im- and Haksieal, Sotlla and Cj:sai, Cbabixmag.vs and ceremonies. But these occurrences have termi-Bonaparte and Wxlliwotow.one of them all that has not a record marked by someto me ofthis statue of Wabhisqtos, which is a noble produc- tion of native American genius. Thto welcome aad appear for a short time in the sky, and then disap- sense of duty to carry out the best Interests of the grateful task I now proceed to perform. Stand-ing here on tliis beauiifui and commanding poal-forthegoodofhiscountry andthat ;1 will notwho is there among them all, who, having the wis-When the news of the splendid feat performed bvWabbiiiotob, in the surprise and capture of the Hes-sians at Trenton, reached the headquarters of theBritish army at New-York, it found Cokhwalusabout to embark for England, in tbe comfortable as- pear, perhaps forever, whose distance and orbit as- country. Consider, you please,tronomers are unable to ascertain, his qualities wereand tell me, then, if these were such as Wasuisoton. I will not equalthe andwhich world country.has been important duty assignedjust if how RtcBiLixt;lion, surrounded by the Senators andof all the States of the Confederacy, and by a vast aa- semblage of our fellow-citizens, civil and military,commander, arrested his departure, and sent hliu His peculiar skill In Indian warfare brought upon so to do. What of mere mortality could equal the and in tuU view of the noble Potomac which Wasb-with a considerable force into New-Jersey, to check him the reproach of a British geQeral, who gave his firronesB of Moses as he came down from Sinai, his isgtor loved so well, and of the shores oftbe ancientand drive back the American army. Leaving in his life as a forfeit for his error. His well-timed delays face all glowing from the presence of his God ? What commonwealth which gave him birth, I now aotonin-rear a of stores at and a number and masterly Inactivity caused him to be called, re could equal the faith of .Abraham, as he tracked his ly dedicate this statue to the immortal memory oftbeFaiiiu, bymen whoselonely pilgrimage throughthe plains of Shlnar, seek- Father of hisCotmtry. [Applause.]Iperform thisattemptdom always to perceive, had, at the same time, thededicattngcompared:peo-Maelbobocoh,weakness, or marred by some crime ? Love of glory, historv of our country. If storms and temoesto besetgreedpen of hiirtory upon the escuteheon of all.the mommg. day to still clear,dominion,byThink, then, of the eminent statesmen whose tal- eBts have illustrated and qualities ennobled their ageto name them but ;pear to envelop us. [Applause.]" applause, Hurrah ior old Buck."j May the God of statesman of whom 1 have any knowledge. I would our fathers preserve the Constituiion and the Unionany exaggeration,there was no popularity, but not to gratify a vulgar vanity. His may they endure so long as tbe name of WAgBiBSTtMiman, he would not thus have desired re- tirement, for none but a good man could so love thebe a monument of the ofmyra, merely vanity humanless ato carry on the war, and no executive head to direct cahndellgbtsof privacy and the pure jovs of the do- lers upon earth that our grand political experi-reclaimed from the savages;withoutamong nations—that in such a land, almost unknown dutyare the natural growth of particular soils, at particular times, so someingin thisat his back, with the of a est civiUzalion and prosperity. Ricbako I. was theBorgia an Englishmanvery kind, and felt sure that he aimed at the Imperial par- a Grecian He was at once the and as it appearedthose who doubted the integrity of man-; havebeenaGothiccathedral,orWestminsterAbbeytemple. offspringthe type of American civilization at his time. He inhabited by the Indiansallthe hardyfirmnessofa pioneer,andwithall theall full relief— and the whole suiin stie la Ufekmilly courtesy of his native State. Among the Ad-in the heart of every true patriot Few military he- Aiis and Hascocxs, the Lxxs and Hkrrts, the Scmp- trian Stetue of the Father of his country. Tne inci-acter of Wa8hi»qto!i has become consecrated foreverand RoBXaPiixRi, was theHe was a man of firm adherence to principle. We horse refused to go farther, but stoodDakto!>,of the Frtncb.for its tiscful exercise, la like other revolutions, ours advanced not one t>e- idence to work out greatthe power vested lu the new central Executive head, step is a faithful of a ca*"so deep, so sublime was his sense of duty, that in itsthey refleCed power given was the hands of onesubsided as as easily,taken from tbe living face at Mount Vernon, byllgnt to his feet and a lamp to his path." So strong,and asthough Ike voice of Omnipotence itself had spoken tohe felt himself under and .>pecial guidanceof somuch moderation and true If a spirit of patriotism.the gieS deep of our "mi, w as over the dMoonr^o'n^^a'Kbr?a,c.k!e,t^?ITMn This cast placedWASHisGTON'slibraiy by his own band, untU penato-of Providence li ;tbe strains of told bis deeds, and fond havennmbered him among the gods. but we have yet hearts to ad-vvom Office. Thethe thus ingracefully,quietly, asevery honestj,VSfK^- •' NationalGuard number of theourlandorThe inhabitants of this city, as they behold thtotbto waasands that from every nation, kingdom, and toogne, mory, to-htfK "h«>a»meA^ provided notffica-thebtowrap It in Ito warm embrace. It shall tell tbe'son f~Cit Hedecreed that oneshall settle on kto -whichwas CotonUa.beenIn hU Farewell Address," he gave i» tho country cnce the memory of dtotjlgBguuttoobed patrtilaotue ^i4d I1eM? shall Inhabit ter and hto countrymen's gratitiide for Wcpast, and will do so forever In the futifre. It will go for to the world's admlratlan of hlathe Deputy Grand Master "Tht have reported,"verse and strengthenoff," youngby persona outside the enclosure was a noticeablewhen firstdiscovered, ana the aeeood toraaroB, after several Ineffectual attempto to rally hisThe uniform iKOTOn, and Of the horse the truthful^/acs.m.kare taken from the^WkW- toapptogahad perpetuated.-.M^MtVMtxnrequest of the Coramlttaathe custom of Freemasons to boDor aad n« •»4Hcarry fortyfeet Itwaai = •'^^^— ^--'^^^^2^- '^rfir^'j <fr .Trwi:^jc.^^g>^ ^j^*a --' ----- -'••-l.-.; ....309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Thomas MTrwww.fultonhistory.com-aynfistki 