 t«».»r'-5P3rtOU X.—J«0. 3877.IpmnmwHiiaf^NEW-YORK, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, I860. PRICE TWO CENTS. da Ml1toi^,])a paid to it Althoogb the Republicana think established and keptta tmf Mfcwn place witktii sesie r rctecttog Ihe General Oovemmeat to the exercise of eight gentlemen, embradng sBme of toe oldest aad to aay we «%to ontand dn« voq aOn „ , tSdoirtaBilidi fM»l!l<til1ff lECIiETJIltr C8BB.la tka SepeaantatiTea' Hall thia Benriagtoa yery imrgaaoAence.HeintendstodeUreraeooiaeof thaaataiaaaa. This was tke latrodnetaiyL Hiaadb-the GovennMBt aa awMr of the forts, anenau, ma*ofaad men haveT. Seymoar, Lieot. T. TaAot, Uaat J. C. Davta, wtth Kentucky, tl^ Mlssonrf, Uarytand, PelairMa,"-- "faHiinllriifrrrIt is rumored that the Cabinet has been in tk«t of keernif exchtsive potMtation ead npellmg m-aeseton to-day, and that exciting news was receired triwian. Tkt rifkt of drfondimg Ou ptMie praptrtf in- elmis* aiM tke Tight of rtatfiun aflir U km tomiM-toe Governor's certlfleate to that effed but upon toe ries of resolutions were adopted, duraderl^Z Ihoiai* iMventlonlot. Tbe ballota being counted, toe Chairman an- and recr mlOHli-Athe act of 1807 you may emptoy such parte of the land and naval forces as yon shall Judge aeccasary for the purpose of causing the laws to be duly exe- cuted, m aU cases where it is lawful to use the mili- tia for the same purpose By the act of I7U the militia may be called forth " whenever the laws of the United Statea dull be opposed, or the execntton thereof obstructed In aay State by combiaattoas too powerful to be soiqvessed by the ordinary eooiae of judicial proceedings, or by toe power vested In the Marshals." This Impocct upon the President the sole responsibility of deddlag whether the eiigency has arisen which requires the use of military force;consider the presentcondition oftoe country.for ite futore and tbat the country— peace prosperity-votewouldbeeffective." Alter^ppotatingamessen-8i«*«lMUiiW State*' ue ifi^V «tk* C«ttal,iBMM>Mee to tk« m»«f«»Miniirr- TWaMtlagUwltb-;eledion of Liscoui as a vloutton of Ah spbttot Ite Constilntion. but descrlbtog secession on that annaiMir as a deliberate abandonment of the ridita' and lataiw estaoftoeSonto;n ^«rtr>*Mlti0. af »h»fc«tl>— nn—tirinl cm- k* uMnoM that «iiM 8t*ta Mort (rftke SOBthen Senotan, 1*tii«lilMUB¥Knmm»w, wan prateat, of tke aoutrr were fre«)7 dta- Mtpfc J^liia* B^oritT winilrltwd it too lata to Mai Ilia IWi^riwfciliniij. kotaqaaaaad tka beliaf—AsaMaVaMK^aatiibaapaadnyfonnad. Senate? aattiwia ifcaarf n ii» ritinwaa. bnt Senator Wis-It a daleied and occupied before, though private partyheld It, aad thoogh it waa not then iwedad nor pro-posed to be used for any porpoae connected with theitittefMtr.tlcn and to submit to leas gives, nothingj^Im llwqpMt*Dec •.THE TENNESSEE LEGISL.VTURE. ;;;approvtog toe calltag of a Sootiteni Cen-aaceaalcm.1 have had the honor to receive your note of the same Influence, and resign thefr places? Of" THE BSECKINRIDGE DEVICE OT A eZNERAL passescargo are to prevent sinuggltog. Clearances are foeAraoriea, drililDg every day.in his firstthe preservation of the General Gov-'WiOBMMB, Bmtdar, Dectional legisladoy, by cutting off aU iniwilhis aad tttmtkatTaxaa arooldWttia ilxtr daya. Tba caucoa a^joarnedgercommareiaKl ^tif tfaoBlaBaraato oome, it nl^it a, aa a eivU wax araaU end In a militaryWa» U laid to b« preparing a regular war ka will adrocato fnea In ezeeuttng Ow aaoaJIng Statea. SenatorAmong the plans suggested by gentle- men belonging to the lattc r class of Congreaamen is the establishment of a line by an amendment to the Con- etltotion, similar to the Missouri Compromise. OtherBanks have determined that such a measure would afford no com- merdal relief, and consequently they will conttoaeto pay specie as usual.ANOTHER OUTBREAK IN BOSTON. Boston, Sunday, Dec 9.We taket it for granted that toe General «ment, after the secesdon of Souto CaroUna fro^lke Unton, will not attempt, by military foree, to ^ap vessds going out, or comtog mto, our hartrar.^ an iBdependeatTHE KENTUCKY BANKS. Lomsvuia, Saturday, Dec. 8.In response to recent applications for a suspen-Thebow sLail a Souto Carolina ahlp carry on <and vague rumors are whispered•ddMosal fcrseabout that notification will be given of an Intentiontte State. He saya great dificulty is experienced in traveling through the Stete. He saw several compa- atoa of well.drllled Minute men. In and out of theirto take the Fort, by South Carolina, and that the Gov-uponof a State from the Union be"tions in tillsport.authorityto finr ^>Mkarty wiithout a contett, to prevent a civil war.The editor of a Troy, N. y., paper returned froma revolutionary movement. Itterpreted by toe Supreme Coiut to ita formal de-to be held to Louisville on toe 22d ofcisions, Februarynext." By toe "Central States "toey mean all toe border Slave States, tocludiug Tennessee, andnation, when toorougfaly satisfied of toe tegiUmacy ofwhole town was thrown into excitement, and the Hln- Dte men rusked to arms to prevent their landhig. They telegraphed to Kew-York, and found the whole Iktng a hoax, and disbanded.Whether Congress has the consUtutionai right to make war against one or more States, and require the Executive of the Federal Government to carry it on by means of force to be drawn from the other States, is a question for Congress itself to consider. It must be admitted that no such power is expressly given nor are there any words In the Constitution whichStates,most especial concern to this Union's prescrv.ition.our seoetaloa and the organization of a Southern Confederacy, which will most jtrobably be the protection of our trade with other il&tions. It Is gratliying, howerar, ta know, th.-tt during thta short period our trade will notbe affecteil or iaterrupted, even to our own bottotaia, SECESSION OF TEXAS.It tke Editor of tkt New- York TimesCan the reports that are in circulation aboutpeaMaktoaaeeistanimpoadble.theyare determined'aldest dtlzens serve.ofDoyenthbikKentackyUoowarSfrto)ce^calai, and act generoualy, and U ttiaanyeoMea, the Kottli they ragard ready at a momant^ toreiaove tte site of the Custom-house, not Barely toKenS^ In Tuliirkr '"'a rrlli ga aagaailcan to meet it Sneb is tlie podtioDofprooinaat aay aaeare place wilhte tbe leaally eatahltshed port Maw-Terk and Pennajrlvania Senatora and Bopre- of entiy for ttc^italct-that il^ke bad before-bid hwidenadUsantkorl^soaato aOow tbe removal of It to aay yorferkarier within the wkolediatrict The eaaetaMatofthat lawaad the limitation of It to a cer- tain period of Oiaa now past, is aot, therefore, aa ar- gument agalnat the «q<Bloa above enseaaed that youwhich now eomaa toat wlndow-beaia ao aort ofacstattres tonight." myRed, White aad Blae."fillMliiiilasliniflii ia|ApanoByary iatlmato with the Preaid«nt*s more-flagsOaghtMaata tolla me that the Tuiia' import ia oonect, tbatwho antrcd here laal ereDlaS tmm WaiUiigton, waaslvpl losca one 7Federal emenuDcat ia a dTll ooafllet.Ererythiag Is qniet te-aight, though trouble ia gen-•To-night some of the frlendaof the successful candl-will resign. If he has not already doaa ao.In vtew of Ike tmoertata state of tklaci her*, Iiaatldpatod soon. Ratthemmentoallayallexetteaieat.|by you to became a free State. ftwoaUbe al.erally*and denies and as they have received some degree of fa- amttmcBtfta Ohio farors hoatQltteslegal and just authority.The laws referred to la the act of 1793 are mani-two*. Jona M. Borrs was among the tovlted guests,be mentionedHe tbfnka tbat all tbe SoatkarD that Territory shall not be acquired otherwiae than byThe Union lovers were at work to-day again.executed by the oitalsteiial officers of the Courta for Tke Tweniy-elghto Congragatlonal Bodety, held a and made a patriotic speech. The speeches canttnued;OUa waald (jrapatUsa witfa a Soothem :la gaming ground >«ei«fl>*»^ih* CInU OMes wlU foree tlie border arvor, itthey t^wlde, first,festlyttem, *• * »»^^^^*^'' i^aMbed by an act of Congress, and the Legislature; third, when-State Sovereignty, having white inhabitantsthe number required for a Repraseatattaaia Con-free ^eeoh which oanaad great exritement aad finallyout of tbe HaU. OUS OWN COHRESPONOBNCB.FROM SOUTH CAROLINA. DigflATurAcnon at tbe FmESioEirt'a i»88aqb—.''witotheabollUonollheUnltodStalaiC—and the State ^U qpcdnt Ua own CoHeetar, «to a>Bfll the m—afest by. tne captain of a vessel, maaake-aataaa Jalaad tke other Soolkam Stataa. As these UMi aaulJ eany Ike DIstriet of CoIoaibU with ^Ika qoeatian la being aaked here, where willha taaagantad ?A ihlligilHi I i PeaaocraBc Senator has suggestedtowl^^ reoogni»"siaveryBBCHtHia a aorareign reaMdy for the«BJw»Ialaad,aii4todispatakovdaaabytkeFwy mmmmmrriSmSiiu of the lalaad and exfti aU the Brit-provia-fore our Collector, and the etaarancf heAaaraeal**,Li. It Iaftkatarmlaaflnnofall aageUatlaastouchingwith ; foortti,tbatCongressshallnotin-defensive. Itcan audi suppress onlybetter ba^dlaetissaddisposedbysuffice to foreign porta fIf toe Government of the United States Intoida tone Senator urged tbat as the Island waathat the former can act at all.willto the Union, and while ahe will yield no right, shesubject to be settled by negotiation, and not by inand the " Old Puldic Functionary" declined fclhiBliig the Senatorial advice. This was urged as Ike laat poasible hope of saving the Confederation.averal genttemen, arrived from the South to-day,lepeatariih pasaioa.leAued the privilege of sending to tbe arsenal foras fully as the time allowed me willevery day preparingthe exotement intense, and the people wildi» that event, troops would certainly be out o/place,androiintrv. I'learances are necessary to carry out thesel sails. ISuw. will not a manifest ao-l ctearance from toe I'ort Collector of South Caroltoa answeranppUea,beeauae percussion caps were sent for;waa to Botuy lordCara^aa enuetawssheregardsaacertainevidenceof hostite- -Wiria1v,1>or ahalUt prohMt the transportation of slavea from one Slave State to another.THE SECESSION QUESTION.Judgtogelectota, who come from every part of the State, aad are all of them latelllgent, {wtriotlc, toA repreaenta-an act of war. Indeed, toe wbota argument of thePresident on the subject of secesalon, ta opposed tothe understanding of toe Stato of Sonto Carolina. will give no countenance to treason or rebdUon.Uon,andtoioform aationaofiteiataattaaa. fordggmaytreaty ; second, the whole taihabttants of any Tenito-those which aie administered the and by Judgesly nuaU>ering, 10,000, shall have the ri^t to elect all w«^ o«e«, aeoaaaary tor its government under nUespre-CoBstltatlon and taws, and for tke enforaement of crowdod. The negro DouoLisa delivered the tectare. aiMLtaisked the boaiaessfar whick they were called all other nations to our porta,ftae of duties, if aaehtkererf My>aiwn»««lk «f llaiak yii|lal»«BUIarylaBd wlU ever any TerrMory^ preparatory to ita aaaundng a provided for the execntton of the taws, and the whole(raaeat ConJMeracy;aad thattheirdqimteaaad their dnrattoc In the several Statea In exeenting the tawa ofthe States. These are the ordinary meansVIrginta1deteraitoe ornotduringits Territorial existenceaad have the same aa sheriffs endedtoarow-.putspirit of our system is opposed to the employment of aay other excqnt in cases of extreme necessity, aris- ing out of great and unusual comMnatlom againstthem. Theirageacymnstcontlnoetobeu^untUtheir incapacity to cope with the DO wer opposed to them diall be puinly demosutrated. It ta o£ij upon clear evi- dence to that effect that a military foree can be called into the field. Even thenlta operattons must be pure-ionsInregardtoSlavery,uponanequalthe original Statesterliere with Haivaax wkaM Sa as lata aiidar the'nne-' what m^t and ought to be done by a dvll poase. If acoaiservative, evincing an tmwavertog determination to tie frue to toe Union, without yleldhag any Consti- tutional or State Blgkta.titled to con^eratifm and ptotedtoni Vdr will' Aeand having submitted its Constitatlon to a vote of the people, applies fbr admisston, it shall be ad-Astoerewlllbe ao CoUector of toe Ihdtt^ Stat ea.gress,THE QUEBTIOH OV VIDBBAL FBOPBKTT,of a Southern ConventloB waa repudiated, for to such a body passton aadprvondicamitted into the Unton, whatever may be ItsCbaxuston,Wednesday,would rate the h—'« war would be just, and the effect IVFOBTADT OriBION OF THB rrORKET-OIBKAjLL— But what if the feeling in any State against theor broken up, 1^ mere abe to break up all Southern Conventions andTBE CONSTITUTIONAL SIOHT Ot SECESSION. ArtOHiiXT-GisxaAi.'sOrFics, Nov. 20, 1860.United States should become so imlveraal that the Federal officers tiiemselves (Including Judges, Dis- trict-Attorneys and Marshals) would be reached byThus, tbe Federal Government and the State of SoutoV. V.mercebetagtotcrrnptedpretensions. The fact tliat our waten and hai'left to our exclusive use and control, is quite s«i««n to justify toem in respecitog toe clearances aad iThe President thought the qoestion betvreen the two countries was aCaroUna are coming face to face. Ifhave not bad *'Sixtlie 17th, and 1 now reply to the grave questions there-:propounded permit.such an event, it is more than probable that great dif-LouisviiiX, Tuesday, Dec. 4, 1860.Tlie idea of a general Southern Convention ap- tions from engaging m toeir coostmg-trade. Aey dobinding only so far as they are passed m jmrswince of theConititulion. Idonotsaywhatmightbeeffectedend.she certainly was goipg to do, these forta belonged toto brtog the arrangement about would, by conspicu- ouslydividtogtheSoutocrnpeople,fixtoeSoutotoa false positton towards toe North.footingrnihWnaJtnnaaodotirtbet-dvil conidberaisedlarge enough to meetthe posseequaltoif be aatH a Booihlat any, long—onlyWe axe therefore obliged to consider what can be done in case we have no Courts to issue judi- of them independent and supreme, but each Is utterly cial process, and no ministerial officers to execute It.Govomment and the Government of a State arc both possible.set up her own postal system, clearpears sofar to some of our Union not allow the vessel^ of anotoer nation to take car- quite unacceptablepowerlees beyond the limits assigned to It by the Con-theAt Charleston, Major AmzasoN wasaad hia ofEcers were sent back wlthot^ any State, the act would be simply void, but not more vice, the laws cannot be executed in any event, noforeign the Government at Washtog-privUege of the citizens alone t> the belongingstitution.IfCongressattemptchangewouldtheir u^e If are sent to aid the ukolly illegal. theytolaw of de&oents, to make a new rule of personal suc- cession, or to dissolve the family relations existing In—shals to be aided. Without the exercise of those fon <lf there continues to be one) included,which the Government has at Its command. Under such circumstances, to send a military force Into toe them. its, Aanaaaoa has only sixty or seventy-five men, tion or laws, cannot, while It remains In tlie Con- The existing laws put and keep the Federal Gov-is poorly supplied. The Gevemment, although to personally by the friends of Major Assia- •Mi, who fear for his personal safety, and know hisan assault on the public and aid tbe property,and ceded the State of Souto Carolina for a fair byvoid than would be a State law to prevent the capturematter what maybe the physical strengthhave reliedon toeseas onof fugitires from labor, to forbid the carrying of the a guard was subsequently stationed about mails, or to stop the collection of duties on imports. araenal. According to the most accurate ac- The will uf a State, whether expressed in Its constitu-All this she is doing or prepartog tofederacy, absolve her people from the duty of obeying ernment on the defensive. Y ou can use force only tohsaeyrse were for the General Government,to the Souto, no remedy but a frail bargato, subsisting iestcKl in its trade under toe confrol of the authorities at toe mercy of tbe Union's deadly enemies, of Va5- of toe State. Wby, tmder such clrcumstanoea, ahe«ldrepelthe just and constitutional requirements of the Cen- courtsln the performance of their duty. Iftbe meansas anpernicious to tendency and false in prtociple, essen-not toeir vessels be allowed to toeir cotton dischargetral Government. Nor can any act of the Centralgiven you to collect the revenue and execute theequivalent.eventog, proclaimed quiteor rice In Liverpool or Havre ?in tbe dissolved partoershlp. On this principle Souto Carolina Is to- day acting,—on it she has been acttog, and will con- araaMut will order an evacuation, yielding the prop- This Is the riew always taken by the Judiciary, and the exercise of a right reserved in the Constitution or ttoue to act. Will toe General Government pursuetoe policy laid down by Hr. Bdchanan, who says toe;States should declare herI f one of the independence,ber,totakewltoher,as herjust quotathere is a easy and effidentresort in toe Csnsuis of foreign na-bymererevolutionaryforce. 1 and coDstitutiooal right.which such declaration is based.Weadoptedcertainthat the statement of it mayof toe on toe basis of toe Constitution as to- but we know that it is not unusual for a Conaul of a Union,so universallyfeem common-place. The Supreme Court of the United States has declared it in many cases. 1 needthat kave ijouofficer at the forts has been ordered to act strictly on toe defensive 1 That is, he has been or- Sooth Carolina last evening. He has been all through the present Chief Justice, expressing the unanimous must take such measures as may be necessary and dered to defend the forts if attacked. There certainlyonlyreferyouCongress or the other Statesin assembled conventionto the United States vt. Booth, whereobligations.of himself and all his brethren, entmclated the doctrine in terms so clear and full that any further demonstration of it can scarcely be required.I see no course for but youthe case, which is, if attacked wlto Carolinians, Maj. AssiiBON and his gallant fellow-officers, with toe mere handful of men under tliem, will have consider- able on toelr hands to execute toe order Mr. Bdcuanan of. Now, this is the merest or else;enough.Tae policy pursued by the leading secessionists ofextorttog a pledge from candidates fjr the Conven-opinionina toousand or fifteen hundred SoutoTlie duty which these principles devolve, not only upon every officer, but every citizen, is that whichtrodden, that is, executeruenpTrteosdeinctas,ted paper pretensiona.upon the assiunptton that the present constitu- tionail relations between the States and the Federal Ckarteston that a steamer from New-York, with 000 Inaugural—namely. '*to support the State Govern- Government continue to exist until a new order ofby any vagueWord waa received inseci ulla to defend Fort Mouttrte, was coming. The miniFtiatioDs for their domestic concerns, and tbe things shall be established, byIt however, be a wise precaution for toe would,Mr. JxrTxasoa expressedments msurest bulwarks against anti-republican tendencies,"combined with"" as non-slave- The Central States," siaveholdtog,A gentleman In the Treasury Department assuresaae that Mr. Coss resigned yesterday or to-day, andwill vacate his place to-morrow. If so, tbe repre- For the same reason the land and naval forces are un- caotures on land and water." This certainly meanstoe appeal Is lo the masses adhere States" to convene andcombme, andacatatlves from South Carolina, the clerks in the De- used is to hein the mannernothingpowercarryparlaanta fma Taeetay, as reported.giveson the f to of next for toe mamtenance city January,uf toe Federal Union, on the basis of non toterven-wltoSlaveiythe faitoful enforcement of existtog taws for toe pro- tection and surrender of slave property, without letbe toe blackest blot of ingratitude on the page of kls- tory.noterare laned they wIH be at twenty-five per cent, diseoaat, aad oot^aken at that.Mr. Coawra haa prepared his plan, and proposes toor hindrance, by holdlng States."orauthoritiespush it. It is for a general Conventtou of all the accompoldieshof athe performing diity pointedown 3. To appltyhe invasion of a State people. repel bytmiversal, butclasses.SUtea to setae the extaflag dlfBenlties. Another statute, thatI.-and removes them at hisder his orders as ttieir <;o:nmander-in-Chief. But hisown suborcinatespleasure.merepartisan, narrow and sectional basis, as a futile and Texas be true! Can she to reality be ungratefulpropoeition is tor all the Statea to meet In Convention,xnd amend the Constitution so as to allow the South*em States to form an independent Confederacy, wifli thing shall be done by a partlcu'ar officer, it cannot ba atid, not to plunge toem into civil war. Our fore-toe common cause of the people of^tocour Confederacy 7"a fcir setUementSenator Baxxx has been"clusion of all others. For Instance, tbe revenues of tice. Insure domestic tranquillily,provlde for the com- unparalleled era of prosperity lor Souto Carolina aggravationevils of, but a decided complainedTexan. Yours, rcspectinUy, AMSRlCOS.Setaned Paaaeacera.The steamship Hvnlnille, Capt. Poar, airivedSesliis the SeceeatoBlsts.It is not what they expect-TMi^i,J '">" ""l'"""-''''- !tnh,ei s.htolrre^*of a lUMxubV ,i-.-,,Bill iswlto his many Southern friends," and I take pleasurehastily.to toeby treaty of all fhtnre lntercourae.ex-tbe United States are cnllccte^l In a certain way, at certain established poris, and by a certain class ofofficers; the President has no authority, under any drcumsfances, to collect the same revenues at otherestablishmon defence, promote the general welfare, and se- cure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos- terity." There was undoubtedly a strong and uni- versal conviction among the men who framed andurged strongly to speak, aa It Is believed the strong poslUon of Oregon tor tbewill be ushered to. The Army, Diplomatic, Postal, and otoer similar bills, now before toe Legislature,toto laws, may or may notGREAT ANTI-DISUNION DEMONSTRATION AT VICKSBL'RG.Patoa, and hia eloquence, would have aBe wUl not speak at present, but when the crisis, of California, has expi-ewed thefctoSlatowIll, in ease of secession, declare for l.ntne- not be:'Government against a State, then it seems to follow true that the people of toe State, w ith a remarkable that it was a submisalon,' a Union-at-any-price°4ialB tod^andaace.Haiinie»,ofTexa8, arrived on Saturdayused,stituting a different kind, of machinery in lis place.tbat an attempt te do so would be ipso facto an expul- sion of such State from the Union. Being treated as an alien and an enemy, she would be compelled to actevculng, aaya tka repoiti of aecessioa are all false and ridlcu-largestdemonstration known to toe State sinu^ theleoa. Tesaa ia and wlllbefor tbe Union.The Ccmralsstoners from Virginia, Kentucky andGen. Fatxicx Hinbt, of Rankto County, was chosen Fiesldent by acclamatton. Ex Gov. Mo.'-a-anxAD, of Kentucky, made very able address,be taken to afford that onfortanate of toe most trustworthy not less than 30,000 of tooMarytaBdwOi veation.be at Charleston at the SUteCoii-If the Cus- which toe Constitution was meant to insure, witt not Union'"m-liiju.r,,orionn:fot>icrfarticulartiKl. it is now convinced tiat thefrom to tke Whig, we make toe foUow-FromThe reports from Europe, giving an account of the eyapathy there for the Federal Government, greatly''"""' " "»"' " '«' haT-bor. If ha keepstktsT money or their blood to carry on a cotUest Uk9 tkat?for»*"*^"^V!l!ved, Oiey freely admit.Tbe Committee of Ways aad Means agreed on Sat-direct and positive aggression upon its property or ItsIn view of toese lacte,to";b«e""?,?" «?hemh day of anda callforapublicmeeting, ac^ifioi°i'sli,a-uuobeeila^»eDtogood efloct.meettog to consider the tasoea of the day held at Vicksburg, iUss., on toe aftarnooa andoplolon thatcause become so deranged or broken up that it could If it be true that war cannot tie declared, nor a sys-any'Treeeary Holes. The Special Fadftc Railroad Com- Is occupied by the mariners, mcr.-h;i.,ts nnd otliers•rday evening quite generally upon the Issue of ThTr'^^'-''^" J?"'''"'"' ""'imisdeeds of toelr State Government, or to prevent a threatened violation of the Constitu-Supremeopposed to exceptc H. Marshall,Ittae vrlll meetaqfe humtdiate action.A few liwoBslderatethe coaling -week, and will""S"'*^ '^Si3'"^l„„.orlSf and eT-vention.Of this number, toirty-sevta have reqxmded loving our toe otoer. It Is far better (or us, asiiatriotsand in toe affirmatire to the our own 8ec-.toii--- toterrogatories common country, and particularly{} i:'^?i?„'|e»E^f"^.VniSi.iing, .^s-'J: p-.rts,dnrlngof one another, and If some of them78. B*Wns.to advltcVmpathlzcaMlwiUact wltb the Smtl, Not.at anchor andThe ftrsl action of the ac:t of March. think Itpersonsurfavessels or by dischargingretielving their cargoes orprovtoces!upon which theyfor•a they believe the majority of the Adminlstrattonfor that,, at the moment shall arm one part of the peoplethe MorifeemStates topreparedifficulty,lyingwaitingpuriow.2, 1833, auUior-that we should ad so toattberewUl be a of 'ed- unitywhenIf, therefore, an act o( Cofignss declares that a certainone their peace,to toat toese community Is,places, bywaysnot ratified tlie Coitstitution thatmilitarythrowassumptioo.thisTke Kaaaas Faalae.CALL FOB A PDBLIC MTITINO TO AID THE STABTOfO*lei tor rori,mayTh.rr ij „„ riwiL'hicli em/hut lUtltf tie Cut-Jr., of New-City,^ifh- '^.'l"" ^""^r.a.c?e p^''hiJ' the law. A port isa'*his best to secure the success of the Democratic Par- S] lilt of the Constitution. His mere election is notcompendiouslyState to send, immediately after our secession, Cantu-in it:^ wliole constitutional as the vigor,are not strictly and properly members of eithei^ection. To them all, disunion would be nothtog less toan civic death. Come what may elsewhere,ernment,fclieet-anehor of our peace at home and safety abroad."To the Chief Executive Magistrate of the Union Is confided the solemn i:uty of seeing the laws faithfuUv executed. That he may he able to meet this duty with a power equal to its perforinaiioe. he notTiiaates hisholding,to conmence andthat State, and othera, will leave on Sloewelergislative liepartment. He cannot accomplish a tion. Another clause in the same section Con-lecai yurpc^e by illegal meanf" tomilitia,'' and to use them within the limits of tlieThe acts ofCongresssometimes give the Prcsiaent State. But this power is so restricted by the wordsonlyprescribed bycratic State Union Convention,"lo assembleiothisor break the laws him- self to orevent tliem from being violated by others.gress the powerprovideforforthetbey are to be executed, and sometimes limit his pow- er so that he can exercise it only in a certain pre- scribed manner. Where the law directs a thing to beTo executetoe United States afterwards paid off ker debt, aboiinting to some 8,000,COO or mora of dMla&,callingTka Tkaasny is in a still worse condition than be-fore. iUeei k Co. express the opinion that if Treasury a*broad difcretion in theujeof the means by which which immediately follow, that It can be exercised ment of toe prevailmg difficulties. But these wiU nottion by CongressHer todependthe written law Is defecttve,to fall back upondone by a different oHicer. The agency which the lawtect the States, not to auUiorlze &D attack bypartfrom the oontcst—a cbilJisn runiitogWe must that our former stocerely hopefurnishes for its own execution must be used to theto form a more i'«rfect uidon,roWTIAC.""^ '"which m..rch;in.llse Is imported, and fromthe Wtoter un«l?e"s»s' t'oe"y'JsKhSa'urrewc-ecive comtog.to f.'"u''General Government toin lis whole constitutional vigor by repelling a ty." Thus Mr.Inthebusinessof porting goods, iiavigallng tfic ships an.las TheStates ernment of the United Statae supreme.WUfonC.HU«m Ketrhum, Hrr.DcHH»%(\irnUhlng them with provisioiis. It mchides also «, much ,7RepreaentaUvea the water adjacent to the city as is usually o.:^upiodDUAMniielDllrroowT.,H. nrv C. Bowen. PeterCooper,';"'„'','.:,"" IV.J:^-.-wfa.miiilHMisortar kartor^saca district, either upon lander ooita propar constttntlonal functions.Charieston, who have decllaed tos of •'Ho, no."] *DoaMHow aad expired at the ead of the seaaiaB of Coograaanextakonla ofIVmA •ito,»veaael. But thisaflcrwaida. Itoonftorednpon the Executire arightlam, vnyreapeetfto]y,yaara,*c,J. S. BLACK.To the PsastsxiiT of tke United Slates.tLATBST FROM CHARLESTON. Chabuu«M(. Saturday, Dec. 8.A large aompany aaatimhlert to^iay on board theBhtp/sJhtfyaser. The Palmetto and Lone Star were nui up, and aecesston qweches and aentlmentalaeooaded iuo^SriU haUj DoBtdiaakerontantaitharwIurrVaiaetaofUttibolhofwUehwere made tenpoiaty feyd^es for the CoavealioD areCaAauBios, Soaday, Dec ••ielghtk aeeltop, ikoold bela a to qoeatkuserenadingthem.i iiliiai tke legUativa departmaot.itart,a Itatof officera at forta to the harbor:attatloaed at tbewasprovision temporary,Ml»aiiaiFwoaldreajgn,ralkaittaaengacethe caaBow,lfneeaatary,ordertkedotleatobeeollacted wereutterMbymanyleadingshippingmerchanta warmlyrecdvedkyklafriends. IttaaaUthathe Wehavearighttodeaiandaaeh0* baart a veaeal ttttte ttamt aatabltikert p<»t of en- try. Wkalkartke fcatand a&i iiitlma oflfce aotoiNorto as wni restore us paaoe and _, tacky U wllUng tsvoik wMk yoa,bM saybecantlotts; forwhenHIaittatat,aaand Georgta go oat, will than ba Kentui^Everyttiag willbe done byTkaBooaaChaplain,Sev.Ifr.Snanoa.praaehad iaveryclear.ItraeaUafromtke^iropHetaryitokteof daftuceeverydayisrenderedstronger. Thewirea officertocomrnasd; Capt.AhaerDooUeday,Capt. State. Doyouwanttogoootwithoutoo^niltWDitYour right to take aaekmaaanrea as asay aeemtobenscesaaryforthepreterttonoftbepubltoproperty ThereisgreatactivityatFortIfouHrie. The FirmtRegimntArtiiltrir—MajorRobertAnderson, andMiselHlppiherselfwouldaeonbaaoaH^abOMlKgaxtaea, dock ysaida, aaAy yards, euatom;hoo;as,pub-rtyirtaiehtheVnltad'Statea readytoqoltatamoment'snotice.BeMas, ike Oor-MA^c^lCSnlted I^Bte aatboriied by the Tke LegWatora will probably sit during the Con-Jaet ma, "Tka Lordihip at Ckdst," aad hMvoke ConplBailoa (An. I, See. 8) to " exerdae exelosiaa Teatlon.balafflieatatecf theeoontiy. He took stnos ObIoban eases whalaue>iii..over ril-plaoea News from Florida shows tke eaaaant of Uf 1 iiglalaliaa of theperfect unanimityof the commandtog officer will be at all times to act rigidly on the defensive. RODERICK.A VOICE FROM VIRGINIA.run on a parallel or 16:10, Slxi estaUtsUng Btarery aaatkk Ike faaae diatt ke for tbe ereottaa ot ferta, aacaidnee, aiaanala, deek yaida. aad"otherbeUered mnch in thetkangbt if tka Uniia waa aavad, it watid be by tte in- aiediHrSBUdlais." Itla Mleved bat no Impcvtant dally. Luaoui waa burnt In effigy at Femandiiia onand Freedom norto. It waald take Hhie *iglialiw ofpnaads,HigbarLaw, aaAStateforseoeaalon,and Ihe enthusiasm talaeieaaiBgwhich went for ooflperatlon in 1662 show a great rero- 4aio»g tka mast aignllleant signa In political eir- and grounds, but. by virtne of tke supra aie aad lutlon to pubUc opinton, the vote to tavor ofOa Electoral of this State con- toprocec'i. He waaftdlowedl^iadceSMaux,! College whose address toe meettog was adjonmed oalU even-UttRT KSrAtlBS* RAM THB SOOTH. elea la the feet that Senator BaajAJoaia soon to make paramount law, it regnlataa the acMoa and pon- secesaion being twenty to one agalnat it Isbea the offences of all who are within theia. tfa»fYesterdayvened St the Capitel, and organixed for the transac- tog. On reascembltog. Col. Hxnr, of Teaaeaaae. tton of knslaesa. Of the fifteen Electwa, six Breckto- Cei. RioHABB CoorxB, of Rankto Comity, and mkaiiua atreag Union speech. 01U of an ovmer'B rigku U plamertkan oaotlcr, it tsspoke, all avowing thefr convlcttona that sapaiMeaa- ridge mea were declared elected, aad had recdved cesslon w ould be mjnrions to toe Soqlh. A laM «e-JLitHi—THE COURSE OF TEXAS. Nxw-Oblxaxb, Sattirday, Dec. 8.and snbraittcd to them to-night, from some quarter iai^Wly <a*n »y eaataer. Preddeat Jill unknown. The report has created quite aaensationabout town.heldThe latestia aa understandingLegistatnre af that State, that the LegiaUtore sbaU meet at Aug^, on the 17to of December next, with- out a formal call from toe Governor, and that it isof the them, <t—n»»h.jExeitementis increasing.The Senate wUl diaeuss the Treasury Note bill to- Mtrow, if it passes the bouse. O. P. Q.DISPATCH TO TBI AS80CL1TID FXSSS.;WisarasioH,Sunday,well be dotibted and when it was exerdsea at Har-the tedmlusi of opposing separneWhile the most conaerratire Congieaamen freelyeipressthebellef that there is no proapeet wbaterarinthe legal juatlce of it.Nssavrua, Saturday,mending to toe peopb of MInslsslHil to elect anti'dlsanion delegates to tae State Caamt-of preventing other States Irom following the seces- sion example of South Carolina, others are hopeful that something may yet be done in the way of com- promise, and which may at least preserve the Border SlayeholdlDg States in the Vnton with the non-Slave- holding States.'amendments have bees submitted to the considera- and in to the magnltode of that reaponsi- proportion; and, eaaney and toat all toe speeches were characteriaed by toe toe question who are toe masters of South CaraHaa^ loftiest sentlmenta of patriotism and loyalty to tke must be settled before any consideraUou of our eom-merdal operations can be properly entertatoed.Suppose our harbors to be unobstructed, whatta toacondition of our commercial relations witk obertion of members from all sections of tlie country, bllity will be hia care not to overstep the limlta of his—Ml the opinioo, and acted upon U, that he ootild order a mUttarrforcetotakepoaaeaaicmofanylandtowhich the United Statea had Utte, thouffa they had neveradvices from Texas state that therea note wasper^ FerryOctober, 18S9, everyacknowledgednooneed that toe whole fifteen votes bad been cast slppl,I come Dov to the point la your tetter which islion. VTIES IN SOUTH CARtnjNA. Fromtke CkartestenMeraag/.'the of your action cannot depend upon rightfulnessour vessels from toefr landtogcargoes,verythe causeWhethertoe retirementhave noany of toem, aud have consulted wUh none of tkem :isnot in either case the autkority to recognize her inde-her Federal pendence or to absolve fromcommandtogproper. In such an event,to go straight onward in the path you have hithertois an Inferencethe laws to the extent of the defensive means placed in your hands, and act gea-Indiana and Illinois. Thefr avowed idea isp( opie,peito be arrested or bfokea np,eraliysoall their rights, as the most competent ad- either law or force.Among the powers enumerated in article section 8, is that " to declare war, grant letters ofimply it.I,marque and reprisal, and to make rules concerningtogetoer. Our Douglas leaders, too, seem as yet dlstocUned to:more than theon hosiiliiies against the foreign enemies of the na-only for one of the following purposestoe laws of the Unioncers In the performance of their regular dudes.be heard of at the election w hich takes place to-mor-ta addition,the Statesconfined by article IV., section -1, to cases lu which the end of the Legislature. But where the State herself shall for assistance against herdone, witliout saying how, that Impliesuse such means as may be necessary and proper to;of its Bell neithbor, conttoi'.es to utier toe sentiment of everyout the eitcluslvc mode, and no other canlaboring rutoously.IsbyAll kinds ofhasdownThenational Kentucklan, of party, that the irrespective a dcserUon offor ourto it t we not. at eaaw-fatora Maythe to powersuppress insurrections againstof thexounlryembarrassments canescaped from only throughse-1.; that is, to aid the Federal offi-anotherfathers do not seem to have thought that war was cal-culatedjus-uf toem all.The right of toe Itselfpreserve"handsomely ptaced rightsufficient for us to set rashlv or LoicoLK was elected inbf law. ItiSnot'"'^'"'''''•''""^n"P*.!roadstead,oron officers,cannotbedenied. Butthisisatotallydiffer- toi>Sh»t7.h.. "^Y^'.,"/ '"'^'^^"' '"' It 1'" be estabUshedCons.ltu- his confinecdo,nf1oramdimtiyt, to toe North.create;Upon;to preserveofdangers,an offensive w ar to punish toeother ent thlnK from peoplegl^-tog Accordtog,,r atJisehargeTuirin for the politicalto a list which toeplaceMrrcvry keeps day, forty-six can-Courtof the Goverrmentare coUeagoea shaU conquer the«<r rge »S',,""'.?V'kKf";U.hi.in. J<.• i"V'aJtsfo^j Webb,F.UcCurA/.:lawsof non-siave-11,but this IsIt is a singularspeeaktiaaHiIMSIIirest and hold them as subjugated explicitlyit would totally destroy the whole toeory of the e^freme SecessioDlstadifferent course. ShaUare nOw connected.If thta view of the subject be as correctnot to toe explidtlyIs. then the Union must utterly perishprivilegeized the Pr«-hMleut In a certain conUnAeucy to directthat the Csstoffi-buuse for any coUeeUou distric: be against another for any purpose beyond that of merely not reqwndcctat oil. There is another list of tweet} -Untitled Documentas a band of brotaers-tbat we might pro-v.r"-when;tog-cnited dietiedeafredeffect? jslBJusIW. C.Chrrth. fc>ru«Congressto toe border 8.ate,„,- *.-.;Sii3,jS^^S^sjfei^^&&-^w»*'as ,I „,but selves toe toToillbears heaviest on toefacttoat to a;tion, that theyqualification, Ihat they win consent to n^ union wlto fiec States, and will not consent to return to toe Un- ion, Ac, Ac, has provoked considerable feeling among toe more moderate men, who, though seces- sionista, are not yet prepared to relinquish toefr judg- ment as to toe time and manner. Now and tocu you hear of a Union man to distant quartets of the State, and quite frequently you sec tliose who will not deny that terms might be proposed for an amicable adjust-sionofspecie payments,theKentuckyofficerspacked up their effeote,>ei>aaltton ofOod. It waa a ninst alaiiiant diaeonrae, pahtto building fiaa bean beofM oraraetadoagrooad Friday last.aat Uatenad to with great atteatlaa. Sereral Sonth- where the LttlHatBre ofthe8teia,to whiehltla,ln8 The Conventton election retoms from dlatricto IIUTU« or TBSTIKQIIIIA ELSCTOKAI. eOLLEOC. targe stand tog army, which to toe event of aeoMtasttoeywouldrequire. Htaspeechproducedamar^-' RiGaHcn, Thnradav, Dec. 0, 1860. effect upon toe ardlence, who repeatedly nrgedaotpaaiedalawenasantlngtothepnrehaaeofUand an maaMk the Ball, and felt mnch insulted. eediBg the excluxive iorlMUctton. ThIa Ooieiiitiiit, then, is not only the owner of thoee *"'"'"i*speaksit Is a sober realitymoonshine, widch, we shall know soonhave a toterest ol toefr own, and a peculiarperiod will le short, we trust, betweenbetween the memhera of thefive ofoperations of the Oovemment. This may have been understood toat the Legislature will call a State Con- to toat effect. Thefr places wcra filled by open nom- checking toe wheels of Govemmenf for tiro yensbut the right of retak- ing public property in which the Oovemment has been carryii^ on Its lawful bosinesa, aad from whieh its officers have been unlawfully thrust out, oanootfrom next March, at least, as a two years' ^-'jrrUrm of the active forces of Governmeat woeld aes ta ao great an evil as the utter exttoguiahmaBt of tbe Cos- stitutlena sfrelch of Executive power;*laation, after which toe Eledors cast thefr faiallobs for President and Vice-President, each one declaring toe name of toe person voted for aa he depodted his bal-ventton on toe 8to of January.Dec. 8. The Goremor of thia State has called an extraonefor Biu and Eviutt, and concloded hta report byprobably of the greatest practieal importaace. By sesakm of Ihe Leglaiatare, on toe 7th of January, to saying: "'Would to God, for the sake of oar betoved COMMERCIAL (QUESTIONS AND OIFFtCUlthe punlahment of crime against the United States, tor unttt after S oVdbck this morning.the protection of righto claimed under Vut Faderal religtooa meeting at Music Hall. Tbe house was To-day the Electoral Collie waa agata In session, Powers IWewillnothesitateto receivetke^l^ofsuch obUratiOBa aa come within the eofnlxanee of the Federal Judiciary. To compel dbemeitoa to these tawa the Conrtahave to all who ob-entored iato« discasalon the present state of the country, based l^>on a resototion to call a State Conventton. AH agreed tliat should take srane acti<m, but wlken I left toe had aot determined what ittheyshall be the will of our Legislatnie, or with such da- tiesastoeStateshallreqalrc. Ontheotherhead,all voeusrsels of oltaodern nawtlitoonsowu|rS be free to depart ftan.porta agrlcnltmrkl prodnaUasis. The oniv difficulty ta aa to the ah^iptog siiiisi hf Souto Carolinians. It is not large ooonn to effisotanttiority punishstruct their regular admlnlatratJon, and tbe Marahata One manmilitary powerthe dvll authority, since it is only in aid of the tatterHve B>en, the Old Domlntonstand firm and trueJwwersIg*;same opposition. On such occasions especially the purpose, which, carried toto effoct, she will eonsiderIf the Government uf tha Unitel Statea raakaa ao af-forte to reduce toe State to submission, aad eamant-nleatcsto nations no intaoUoatodaaarfoa- fordgndgn nations are not bound to submit to thif,w e our vessels. Manifests of toe may givemust be to atrtot subardlnatlon to keptwccourse the first step would be to appoint others in one before, we are likely soon to have a crisis." ForFROM KENTUCKY.their stead. If others could be got to sene. But, to Souto Carolina isprotectsh^onthe highto assert her in. of the Federal Government, to resist ita Within tlitlr respective spheres of action the Federal easily conceive how It might become altogether im- antoprity wherever and whenever It attempts to as-ficulty«ouId be found in filling the offices.We candependenceand, secoml, to prove toat It is engaged ta a legiti- mate traoo. Nearly all nations prohibit fordga na-t'ouris and Marshals, there must be Courts and Mar-with foreign countriesfunctions, which belong exclusively to the civil ser-—organize of the forts and otoer Federal and to do several things morethe plan of a united South on tlie basis of any formalmeasure of defence, as -a flrecktorigde device, the Havre or Liverpool, thefr papers will show that tbeynaked reproduction of a party txisis, as an utter im-any people,would be simply making waragainst upona traitor;as after allpromistogno additionalsecurityStete, with orders to actpossibility,port of Charlestontoeir trade, toey establish clearances from tke Col- lector of the port of Charleston—at toat time nnao-another doctrtoedetermined character, absolnteiy refuse to send an cause the laws of the United States are supreme and may extend and make them more effectual to that when Souto Caroltoa withdrew from the Union, as and permanency of this Union. They say toe attempt goBeust suppose foreign nations, by toe hostile influ.'*Government the displaceof a State, be-am speaking of legalother laws be insufficient for that purpose, Congresstially wrong and practically destructive of toe peacejurisdictionAfter the leetore he made aome remarks rotative totogether: after vrhloh they uponS. C,Hr. BvCBAVAa'B Ifeaaage doea not atdt Southsert It over herand receive shipsports, on her own account, open diplomatic relations;and leaders. Mr. Psisricc and his associates goes from one of toeir porta to another. Thta is thein her harbor to and fromorgansdenounce the notion of submitting a Soutliem ii.Vi.7irt-rtim to tbe Norto by toe united Souto to Conven'aon. this policy, by shuntog port from which a ves-an army of ber own, take possession property,boto ol these purposes 7When our vestels arrive atof the same sort.do, to the face of consequencesno idea of taking one step backwards.protectionhighthe tagtoat the forts and otoer Government propertyduly paid bya^dat all hazards, wltoMr, Bucbananthe dream of an enthusiast, or toe snare ofami to prove toe legitiiBaey ofMr. Mshmiboxx, to his the otoer speechCBT and iliafellow-conspirators;arrangementWe believe that theyand reodve car-ence of the United States dfinisters, should preventwill vote witoout for secessionThe extremists There is great financial embarrassment, which isrow. Therewbe but one tlcl,et. will have it tlielr own way.property"The argument suppliedgonegenerositvenemies who come from abroad te assail her in herbe followed. The l nitcd States have no common law own territory. Ail these provisions are made to pro- question arises, will not the pocket begto to reason t conduct of Souto Carolina Is simply South—an in- time, I sav. rue the day when ftrat we jcinedhertoAO. Dec. S, 181a.The Ideagenerally aad decUe qaesttons whteh hadi, andTUa afternoon a banner waa hoisted aar«aa4)neen-streettl from {the eagtoe hooaea. Tbeia «an gnas, old hoaa^ FD bat tmyaa.'^ She will aaiaiatakw mnato and ipaerkea. Tka " MarsaHhUbe" taak the ilahta! CVoica—Cn<nB>Hind«CaBaty,aadiata«e place of tka " Star Spaaglad Baonet," lad tha aoog your •entlBMBts.] (Bmfhn honia waa oaBaA la or-resemblaace to tkeHob. Wh. H. Taxaoow, Assistant Saeretiry of State,give no Tdce t yonappendpreaeat;|iLieut.N. J.HaU. data and Tennessee ? I lUsk they oi^t to ta H^ £lV>n«erCer|u—Capt.J.6.Foster,UeutO.W. ienedtoaswellasSoutoCarolinaorGaonikH« Snyder. were to amend tbe CenstltuUoB and have lileutuii Uedical S(<#:-Assiataat Surgeon S, W. Crawford. chosen in each district, totlead of by Statea, no H^ These are all officers of pnidenee aaid experience, publican would ever again be deetedto ill tka dadr in the and whatever happens, will do thelt da^. Tbe policy which Washington once ooenmed ! If a Una Iran toorganlxatlonCollege toread, signed for Ihe reason thatbyaUkoughthey were satisfied toey were not elected to fad ;" the slxto was sick, and could aot attend, and sent a noteof".on toe contrary, qotte the rereine." The of all the States, or of toe Border Statea, wbicb wouldlyas are foond directly apimtfMlftatB»ilwae(»ttlaatheteor. ItcaadaHoneiethaa declaredintentionoftoePresidenttoenforeetherev- beralodbycoalerheads,andheartanotlesspatriotic resisttoeindependenceofSoutoCarolina,Ittabound:toatcargoes,Thefr plan is aConvention of toe Central States"act,by technical taw they mlgbt be etecled,expressing a detendnattaa ta imb. tend for every right and guarantee toat theto toe President of toe United States Senate toe vote of Virginia, toe College adjonrneduntil tois momtog.Electors attendedAt night, the .a complimentarydtoner tendered them toe Bell and Everett Club of bythis city, which was a very toteresting and Important occasion, as toe sentiments and sneeches foreshadow-of toeis made ta ourloconveyquestionlof toe now dominantIfmlted toe policyand I am happy to say tbat entire harmony prevailed, an tUtempt is made, it wili be ipar of"fiOrlHEEK CO.NTKHIION CONDKM.VKD.two First, to purports:partyState,frontier States of Pennsyivanis, New-Jersey, ot&era Convention'Chambershould be. The dlscusston waa calm, deliberate and the commerce uf Charleston seiloady, foil It ta aorSenatetheOhio,toat these upper slavehoiding States, (including as 1might Ncrto CaroUna and Arkansas,) though closelyItoked wlto tbe real totereets of toe lower planttog larAgintsto all the hading ports of Huropt. ThetoeWhile this Douglas call is not wholly approved bysome Bell men, because to one clauae smacking Doiiglasiim, our ctiief Douglas organ, likeire toen expressed our appreheusioos of her^l tke "apprakaa- slons are not now to become realised pntpheciea, but cession—toat separation will prove a remedy, and toat precipitate plunging into a measure which will prove if ther do we can oidy aay, toank God we are nobe oncefreefromtoehatefulbondsoftheUnion,an noremedyfortheand soon to beA mass wasta who wera" It waa a that would not be a legal reason for sub- tem of general hostilities carried on by the Central largely tacre^sed expenses. Still it Is unquestionablv ing the slanders which had been circulated about it—City dghty-sta steerage passengers,The law requires that all goods Imported Into the Vnited States within certain collection districts shall be entered at the and the duty thereonunanimity, are going to try the experiment of seces-sion as a remedy for all her Ills, real andrefill hig at that port. Bat the functions of the Col- sent t'ruoM by unconstitutionally putting strife anl en- nication In which It was state! that Mr. Isaac Dill,The undersigned,uuqnes-proper port, shall shall be received by the Collector appointed for and accordingly. And i/ Von^res^ibreaJ^ up the pre-be at or within the exercised tmywhof*and armed hostility between different sections of mity " "the country, instead of the domestic tranquillitywhile to be a profe' singChristian toat some immediate step* relief to toe famishing settlers oftom l:ou-e V. ere biimt he remove to an- all tke States be absolved from their Federal nbligi^ fame paper says that liown, mightwhich, as ia( exUacteTerritory.othfr buih'ir.^'; ,/*, u>re driven from tke ikort, ke tionsJ Is any iK)Ttion of the pcopU bowul to contribute statement did Mr. Bsix great Injo'rtlce;standing toIts columns fromdaytopassed a doubt over the,yesterday mpmtog from Savannah, and hrxai^force wouldCongress for the collection of the duties should by any tog tbe States together. new sources of prosperity, she Is likewise to have magiilGceut aud taiumphant success. Notwithstand- Eent back by toe autoorities.a diiffrent sort of ofDccrs, or inCertato it is, ifprovided for. Even if the michinery fumlshe<l by not only be useless but pernicious as a'means of hold- Souto Caroltoa, as a separate nation, is going to have evening of the 29to ult. The Wkig sayagatoertog, Ac., the people came to it, and it was toefaaciei.The .Wtrctiry, some time stoce, publi-hed a commu- memorable canvaaa of 'Si,"in view of the nowHoned fact toat toousands of toe people of Kansas «o] suffertog from Famine, deem it but humane ao^Yorkman, voted for LiscoiN. This morning toethat toe gen- tleman "not only did not vote for Lisosuf, bat didtepcrte(| :tion or to enforce an acknowledgment that the Gov- didates have been placed to nomlnadoa for the Con- can do notoivtg.himthetoformation.December, to consider what toepremites.responded, affirmative, reservtogtotheoa- to act as clrcamstances shaH teem Indicate best for Souto Caroliaa and three have;Norto who haveita havefar better for uslto pursue a wemakeistnewltoourfriendsattoebattled so miuifully for our rights ? Is it not desirableAug.glorious flightaway in a pet—an exaggerationand atoeUon, strengtoThere is a Senate, a Bouse of Represent-iUveshim. We have every part toe Executive chafr, JleIbelieveLiNCoiawaselectedconformablytoof all toese " CenfralSouthern Convention, at least onunwise projet ; but toey favor and propose a Demo- as to even think of seceding? Her saeoaslon woaMa universalanysoin the and Territories,ence and annexation alone cost the United suites about 50,000 men and $60,000,000, and,. Thereisnosuchthtogasonejectioaconnunrlng Hunt,2"J•-Cn/imrnJ.fW)andlexae " Tteh it^^tand up forder, aad the neaker west ob.) Do yoQ tklakit jaatake not tobeoaasaMaAt Doea she not loaeoBe hundred nagrooa wl>aref~~'blow It would briuagainst Stavery. Slavery doiSB,Slavery out of Congress forever. [Ap^aoseJTbe Goveraor toen iiroceeded to de&ribe at laacOi toe utter inability of the Cotton States to aoaaeitaeavowiiB totentiun to use every lawfblmeanstopreTaTi—wlto foreign nations, after toe State haa the Union.iuifficultieE, Confederacy Is formed.—by toe spirit and temper of the Vtrgtata Immediately to take measures to redaee her to aakiae-toeseas, by siiowtog toat it t>elongs to a certato natkw;forof the State and the maniltest of toe Coliedor of the;will be allowed to land toefr on toeir return.papers.da not believe toat toecntfrelv free of any excited Influence or oeotiM tv_..anytoe cation kewillmit a trade wlai legitimateConsul ofany natloa,ataiM ay we not be nourlddng a vtper,follow Inir wordswhich will at some future day tun npoa aad adag ma:testimony charader,it appears thatfrihabltinls of Kansas are suffering andclototog,manyofwhomduringasstatance from abroad. unite in a ,o„i«,edLutoer iir.'di.h, T.F.White..* ssE-"- ---^ J^si:^ iliaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com^i^ji^S^''^^**^jB ^i^^^^^:sCE<feis««&^'-.-;-A, 