 <ffl-which had assembled m Maryland. I am deeply sensi- was not allowed to hold possession of A.JA8^18»Ot ble of the importance of the occasion, and of the great the purpose of the-Republicans to use the General Gov- jesponsibilitj^-we have taken upon ourselves ininaugu- ernment for the purpose of despoiling slaveholders -rsiing a party here which all who- have faith in ad- of their property, so it is-not our purpose as''*;:mis rapidly returning to the primitive republican faith'by which the Government has been guided smoothlyand prosperously under all circumstances/ .Lettion of power over the territory of Maryland, and all who, would restore harmony ' embracewhich the terms used equally demonstrate not to be- it; it was the creed of all parties within Lawsoi , Thohapson and others in the city lot forgeries. twelve years,, and the years of trouble whichhave followed its abandonment by our rulers, ha'vevindicated its trnth even better than" the previous gen-erations of prosperity under it. Even our adversariesMature of the controversy or iu your history or mine, feel that some change is demanded by the evils of thetojustify such an imputation. We simply hold to the times. Will a man of sense and a patriot suffer him-• f!hasbeenpassedamongSouthernpeopleandhas»>eensuch tin to assure .theiu that a Republican President, Sot ihrrnund Wtitern• whilerewstixyrtrveryefforttoAfricanizetheTerritories, Counties.and persistently' holding them for the homesteads of AHr.i&auyonbail)JoelW.Foote,andCorneliusTotten. Howmany n ore are to come, it is impossible at-present,to6BEPIJBLICANISM INsword. The ostensible ground Upon which, this gross interest^ politics. He was at one time a member of,(disfranchisement of the white people of tho State was imposed wasi that it was deemed necessary to P*'ote<5t s l a v e p r o p e r t y . I t w a s u r g e d i n v a i n i n t h e d e b a t e s in the Constitutional Convention, that the purpose did not justify the usurpation, and -that it# was not neces-rived,askedforapay'sdelay,ontheground of want »ndJohnMyerir..7n;'tti"e«wof'Jone«,-whovrMtihtoindieted ; JPTIBLIC MEETINGS. for permitinK gambling 01 his premiaeit, sentence yrui tuspended•remonstrances and argument ^ « % ^ M r ^ ^ e d " vanced in life. His excellent qualities of mind .and deed, secession from the State was formally threatonedterdayNos. l,2Gto4Ji,m '' ' . • T>_*T . jReports wore presented in favor of paving withat.Baltimore, April 26, I860.tory where the people, having the power of Govern- ment, had abased: it to sacrifice individual "jpht*. Allrunh;COURT C:1LENDAR—Tmsf DAT..tiupnEME COURT--GENERAL TERM.-—Enumerated: work was not to be advertised.appreciate preside over this first Kepoblkan State Conventiontion too clearly to be misunderstood by any intelligentand honest man, and will do more for that object '•Howcrd..' throughout the country than any amount of speech- Wa.*liii)j;to«nuiking. And I think we have a man for the occasion, whoso name I need not mention, although he has not made himself prominent in politics of late years. Had hedoneso,hewouldnothavebeenthemanfortheoccasion, for it might have been thought, thai he bad sought to make himself a Candidate, and this would have impaired that absolute confidence in his fidelity which exists in the State in which he resides, and in otherSouthernStatesinwhichheisknown,andwhich is required to give the Republican party an or-,14,113 26,930 313,232 3,5422,OJ0 21,130No. Lrr-lth-av., New-York, -disposed c>f by these persons. Is tlie only place in the-world where ALL diseases of tho E y e audBv on > of their transactions thev contrived to Bwin- Ear are CVUSD.i •' * - ' 1> i ganization coextensive with the nationality f of its principles. His retirement having beenSt. Mary'« Somer»«t Talbot.... " W o r c e s t e r ...i ..i ..i . i2- < Z : s6,223 13,385 7,034. 5,842 \5,588 4,134enThonipg >nto have him effect a sale. He subsequently thwi two hundred others in various partB of the Union. Office/ kept over the prisoners.COMMISSIONERS OF POLICE. ill This Board met yesterday afterooon at Police Hoad- q u a r t e r s , a n d r e c e i v e d t h e u s u a l 1 r e p o r t o f S e r g e a n tvoluntary—for . h e would have both a Sen- ator and a Cabinet Minister since 1830 if he would have consented to accetit those stations^—he has proved himself exempt from the lust of office, that prevalent vicewhichsomuchimpairs.theconfidenceof the peo- ple in the integrity ol public men. While it is true that: there is no difference in the principles upon which he and the Northern men who will be rirgea as candi- daUto at' Chicago would administer the Government. yet it is nevertheless natural that his own people and those in the contiguous Free States who sympathizewith them, more or less, in their apprehensions, should feel more assured of the -safety. of ther "rights—which are supposed to be deeply involved in this contest— when committed to a Southern man, especially when in the hands of one whose integrity and strength of char- meter is universally acknowledged. With respect to1 2 , 4 0 1104,061 53,910 them to Mr. Lawson, who, he represented,-was a very Important operations, or careful dietetic treatment.C O M M I S S I O N E R S . — T h eMAMUEQ..,."• x *BOARD OF Al,DERMEtf.The Board met last evening at the usual hour.1. i M a y o r W O O D s e n t i n a l e t t e r f r o m t h e c o m m a n d e r him because he had riot had time to give the case his. tho first degree, and. CbVlef Park«r, for forgery, pleaded not ;of the Brazilian corvette Donna Isabel, acknowledgirur•Jbtforsik$,M«ryt**d. StaU Jtop*N**** Convention, sary for the purpose, for there was ho instance m His-attention. The trail lasted but a portion of a, day, and only a single witness was called tor thejdefense. The Judge who tried 'the case, the District-Attorney, and the entire Jury, have recommended a commutation of the sentence, and beside very numerous petitions, the Governor has received information bearing upon theguilty.' UNITE?) STATKSJ P18TKICT CouRT.—Sanie a» ye«-QXMTLXXXN OF THE Cosvicjmos: IaighJy the honor you have done me in calling me to if the minority were .not allowed to K g t a R & f f heart ha 1 rendered"him the object of general esteem, case which was njot presented at the trial. From thisMarylandRepublicanstouse thopowerolthe. herence to trnth and justiceand constitutional obliga- State for any such object**. We hold that Slay-tion as the sure means of triumph in onr political con- cry is an evil, and believe that thej time will tests, eaimcft fail to foresee will soon sway the counsels come when- emancipation will gradually jtake place. of this Common-wealth of the nation.' It is a great But tbie can honestly be done only by tho consent ofMr. BOOLE moved that $2,500 be appropriated to BROOKLYN CITYCOURT CALENDAR,May11.—Noe. defray the expenses of the contested seat inresUgationj.the Master, or by making tbjeia just compensation. and holy cause the Republicans have undertaken to But this is not at present the question. Tho public24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 80,| 81, 34, 35, 37, 40, 21, 83, 41, 42, 43, 49, 50, 51, 52. . 'Tlie resolution was laid over. .The report to fit no the City Inspector's office at a cost of $3,000, without advertising, caused a long debate. Upon the- final vote there were 13*yeas to 3 nays, thus adopting tlie report.' It-was at once hurriedoft to the other Board.The Aldermen then adjourned to Monday afternoonsustain, sacred interests in their care demand ofthem evervjwhere prudence! courage, untiring and un- selfish eflorf, but e^peciall^in this and other Southern States where our objects a?a principles are so grotty mkrcpreise^ted, and are so imperfectly understood by a large portion of the people, should we, while constant to our principles, endeavor to be prudent in our con- duct. The great difficulty with men of spirit in our position is the danger of beingdrawn into extravaganceby the extravagance with which we are assailed and opposed. W e must guard against this, and endeavor tomind in .Maryland is not now ripe for emancipation, and no scheme for it has been proposed or discussed. The struggle in Maryland, as in the United States, ia manifestly not for the preservation of thip property, but for political supremacy; and the property interest in negroes and the prejudices implanted in. tho minds1of ethers by the existence of the institution of SlaveryBROOKLYNITEMS.prevent the Africanization of the Territories by givingthem as homesteads to the free white race, and second,the plan of proenring in some neighboring country a re-gion where the free people among us of the African the Slave trade. " They already perceive'that in orderPrimary jDcpartmcnt~Eliz iReynolds,•It is hardly necessary to add that the School Officers Central Company being ready to use the road, ob- '• I In .compliance with a resolution of the Board, therace may also, -in' accordance witti the wise and hu-mane counsels of Mr. Jefferson, be given homesteadsand a country of their own. These are measures look-ing to the separation of the free people of these dissimi- cally legalized by the decisions of two of their Courts'. lar races for the good of both, and they meet the general Slaveholders have, therefore, no ground for hostility totained an injunction restraining the other Company;,approval oij aH good men. The advocacy of tneni by. the Republican party, and no class of citizens arecr, Son & Co.: 1 lot on 8. c. corner 3d av. and 14th «t., 20.5x00, *4,4C0; 1 do. e. H.ldo., adi., *3,800/ 1 do., $3,325; 1 do., $3,200; 1 do. 11. e. cor. do. and 43d ft., $4,35*0; 1 do. e. s. do. adj., $3,125; 5 do. R. «.'44th St., rear of above, $1,400; 1 do. adj. $1,075; 4 do. each $930; 5 do. each, $7f»0; 1 do. 11. 8. 43d Rt., HO feet cast 3dTlie City Company then obtained the present injunc-, recommendation they were appointed, as no official ' r1 ecord was. kept ra^nat particular. . jtion by which the Central Company is prevented from Mr, SHA W considered the communication as evasivej, 'running car?. - If tho injunction is removed—of which; and moved to send it back for correction, which wasBut while ihene measures proclaim that the Republi-can party fosiers the policy of the fathers of the Re-public in making the temperate regions of America the and good name among the nations of the earth, andgratefully ackuoWledgeBthe receipt of the followingaubacriptionB -and'donations eiucje Jan. 1, 1860: operations as soon &nthe restraint now resting uponThe Board adjourned to Monday.BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.A regular meeting of this Board was held yesterdayafternoonintheAldermen'sChamber,CityHall. '-A communication was read ;from the Controller,dbosen hon« of the white man, and make it preemi- preserved tranquillity among our sisterhood of StatesCentral depot on Monday night, with camion, fire$10; James Brown, $25; Robert B. Minturu, $25; B. Blanco, $15: John Caswell, $ 2 5 ; George D. Morgan, $ 1 0 ; S. Cambrcl- ing, $10;„Theo.B.Bronson,$5; W.AllenButler,$5;A.Ise- liu, $5;Weston,DeCloppet&.Co.,$5:JamesHunter,$5;A. Kodewald, $2 50; A. H. Ward, $5; Hendricks Brothers, $10;Piersou &.Co., $5; J. H. Abeol, $10; J. L. Schierfeliu, $5; S. A. S., $ 5 ; A. Nbrrie, $.10; Jacob Badger, $ 5 ; James Cruick- nhawk, $ 5 ; Fraiicirf Hall, $ 5 ; G<»o'rge Brodie, $ 5 ; C. H. Sand,$5; C.,F. Dnnibmawi, $ 5 ; J. & A. Petrie it. Co., $10; O. D. nearly completed a steam ferry-boat of 160 tuns burden to be paid to the Directors of the Inebriate Asylum, the Mima, $5; Oils D. Swim, $10; William A\ Cary, $10; EdwardrJ. Woolsey, $. )0'; Naylor&Co., $25; PgUrLorillard, $25; A.it several tales and poems from his own pen. Several and in the Mouse of Delegates greater than six Balti- of HuwtLomc's most admired " Twice-told Tales"Attbi-neyls oflicej charges Thomas Lawson and Cor- Fitchvesq.'Arrogant, Commodore Edmonton, as. a shiver. The iapplies ana othe*interests connected with the admin-southern countMss, which contained in 1850 but 104,661upon each.>end the Medical Board will be held responsible To this <power.ovcr itjust as we have seen the General Gov- aud his 1lemory will long be cherished by his acquaint- ernment menaced with disruptions, »t the same g * m t . ance as 1 man of uncommon worth and intelligence. .CITY ITEMS.On Saturday evening at the Winter Garden, M. Paul Jnignet, one of the favorite, actors of the excel- lent French Company of comedians who have so.de- lectated tibc.public interested in the French drama, will take a belief it.. Mcreadet, -the Smart Man, the host piece of Balzac, and L'ltertttire, by Scribe, will be played; and Italian artists will/give a musical onter- ment'as , veil.. This occasion offers ample attraction to the frieivls'of the company, and of the beneficiary.F ^ N E l >m OF GEOKGK GRIFFIN.—On Tuesday, the hold possession of the (government. Whether the remains i>f the late George 'Griffin were buried, fromhe has arrived at the conclusion that the true state of facts was not developed on the trial of the case; that tlie prisoner's previous character was good, and that the caee was not One of murder, but, at most; one of manslaughter, or of killing as the result, of a conflict under circumstances of considerable provocation aud aggravation,ifnotinself-defense;'andthatifthepris- oner had been properly defended and the true facts proved, it would, in the language of Judge Roosevelt, have led to " a verdict of manslaughter instead of mur- der,ifnotaverdi&tofacquittal." '••'/''.THE HEENAK TESTIMONAT..—The Committee state that Mr. Michael Phelan, the Billiard Champion, is a member of the Committee, his name having bfcen incor- rectly recorded by the Secretary of the meeting as Ed. Phalon;REMOVAL OP SCHOOL TEACHERS. , To tlit Editor of Thl N. Y. Tribune..SIH: The Teachers whose names are inserted below.were discharged from Grammar School.No. 1, in William gtr«ct, on Monday, May 7, -without any aHNigned cause, by the School Oilicers of the Fourth Ward of the City of New-York:Male Department—-Wm.. W . Smith', Principal, American; Edward A. Walsh, jVice-Principal, American; Geo. F. Wickea, Second Adjutant, Almoiicop. <,i Female Department— Cornrflia Honeywell, Principal, Ameri- can; Helena Raymond, Vic-Principal, American; Anna M. Cudlipp, P'irHt Afis-iiitant,.American.4113 If 85 2171, 8137. 28R1, 3089, 2155, 4297,4141,4529,1800,4409,SS5%8»lilwK Part IL-NO.' 678, 3988, W4 3092,^576,SCO, 4032, 1?46, 1948,1592,' 4458, 4510, 2006-, 4456, 1410, 452, 4150.SUPERIOR CouRT-;-Part I.—Same aByefiterday, andNos. 11,437.added. Pan, II.-Nos. »7, 538, 542,544, 546,548,StO,554,558,634. | ' j" '_ ,. «T • o^.COURT\oi»CQMMON PLEAS—PartI.—Nos. m1944, 1978, 1979, 1980,-19)9,2000 to 2006, 2678. P a r t ^ - N o s . 1567; 1569, 1579, 1854/186 8, .1877, 1802, 1906, 47, 1615, 1992, 1979, 1997,1998,1860,^, I• • ' ., i r i i ' tST^Apauy No. 1.'Reports were adopted to pave Fiftieth street betwee|iSecond and Third avenues; to-repair house of Horn Company No. 28; to give to No. GHook and L»idder a new truck; for a sewer in Fifty-fifth street and Fourth avenue;toraisethe^sunkensteamshipOhio;tofill sunken lots' on Seventy-ninth and Eightieth streets, between Second and Third avenuesvin their midst are adroitly used by a political party to_ ^..owners of this species of property, who for the mostpart have little share in the political po'wor obtainedthe' church corner of Fifth avemio and NineteenthJudge.Scrugbam of the Supreme; Court, when the,matter will be arguejl. ;The Central Company, it ap-pears, obtained a grant jfromthe Common Council to IA resolution was adopted, requiring the Standing1disabuse the public mind ot its prejudice aguinst the by the party which officiously makes itself the special street.': JThe coffin, borne by six men and covered withmovement with which, we are ittntified-'by defining our- champion of their rights, will continue passively to a black rtallj accompanied by the pall-bearers and imme-afternoon, Mr. ./ONES, the President,' in the chair. Committees of the Board to hold regular meetings, for•position ha a manner which will put an end Bulfcr their property interests to be staked in the con-,to controversy. The Measures ol the Re- test and antagonized "agaivibt popular government re-publican party are rapidly accomplishing this. mains to be seen. They incur dangers from two differ-Two of its great measures will oe found especially effec- ent quarters by persisting in this course—first, from church., The pall-bearers were:the purpose of considering the various subjects which belong to them.tive /or, this purpose. First, the homestead law, to- the people who will in that case certainly come' to re-Daniel hord, enq., Judge Ul«hoeffer, James Renwick, W m . C. "VWtEuorei Bern. 1). Swan, Chariest O'Conor, esq., Luther Bra--dish, Johti C. Hamilton, Scth Staples, andWm. Walker. .ThesJrvice was read by the Rev. J)r. Potts, and an ailecthig and beautiful discourse was delivered by the Rev. Dri Hutton. After the benediction by the Rev. Dr. Ferris^ the remains, followed by a large number of the member!) of the Bar;and personal friends of the family, we're ta enjtb the cemetery in Second avenue.The report of the Aldermanic Committee iu favor of giving out.a new contract for the speedy completion ofgard slaveholding as inconsistent with popular Govern- ment; arid, second, from their special champions.who. will destroy the value of their property by ;reopeningto give the system the expansion requisite to,make it a permanent basis of political power this trade must, be reopened, and accordingly. it has been already practi-of the Ward are Irish..SALES OF RifAT. EST A TK.—May 9, by A. J. Bleeek- from interfering.CJitV Inspector sent in a report, eriibracing the names;, jeeidences, and salaries'of the persons employed in his Department, but neglecting to state upon whose—'—••elamor aga' nst us that we maintain the equality of the ing .Democracy^ which so trifles with their rights. Esifn 5IAS.M AT CHICAGO.—Gov. King; the Hon.the Repub ican party will speedily silence the false more interested m the overthrow' of the iillibuster- negro and 3 avor amalgamation—a falsehood which has I have thus endeavored to present briefly and with*proved Che most effective instrument to arouse popularprejudice against us, and which was plausible till the policy. In my judgment it proposes no war upon &epnblic&t party put itself on the Jeffersonian pbfu of any cla^s of* our citizens or upon any section separating the races by these measures. .willimmediatelyplaj^etencarsupontheroute,andrunfrom Fulton Ferry, >y way of Atlantic street to Bed-ford, every five mimites. The connectinglink between . The Board concurred to appropriate a sum hot ex- the Furmnn-8treet Jncn Atlantic-street routes will be ceeding, $4,000 to repair and build an extension to thecandor the distinguishing features of the Republicandof our country. If it did, no earthly inducement could engage nie in it. It seems to me but the old compre- hensive and beneficent philosophy of the fathers of our institutions," under which we acquired oiir greatnessnently the white man's party, it must not be. allowed for more than sixty years. Our internal troubles and works i nd music. to be" s a d that it contemplates any interferencebe put upon the route are of a new pattern, considerably lighterthanthoseno|winuse,andmoreconvenientinwith the relation of master and slave. The time present ill-repute among,our neighbors aire due, alto- ' ! • • ' • ! . -wiD cOmti 'when emancipation will l>e effected gether to the adoption, within the last twelve years, ofevery respect. ITHE . SHIP-YAIIDSJ—Messrs. Webb & Bell have now tenth part/of which, in accordance with a late, law, ishere and elsewhere as it has been in Pennsvlvania toe new and dangerous theories propounded by Mr. Calhoun, which, when first' broached in the Senate,stating that the amount paid into the County Treasury* by the Excise Commissioners laVt year \vas|9,960. one-mto dropin fact as much beyond its constitutional jurisdiction Benton, and his denunciation was approved bv everywise and conservative member of that body, aud it was 1and other* of the older States. But with this the were denounced as "firebrands'' by the sagacious .Republican party has nothing- to do, and the subject isit precisely at .noon. W e speak advisedly, sinceot dropped by the electric current from Albany,balance going to the Departments of Charities and Cor- rection';. The Controller transmitted a resolution thatarrested by the above officers on the same charge, been found which could equal in effect AYEH'S COMPOUND' EX- TKACT OF SAKSAPAIUU.A. It cloaiiKes and renovaten the blood, seven jo f whom are now in prison, the other being out inntils the vigor of health into tho KyHtem and purges out the ou $2J0 )0 bail.il The offenses charged against them are humort< which Jrnake diceaKo. It'stimulatesthe healthy functions of the body and expels tho disorders that grow and rojikle in the forgeiiyi, perjury,; and false pretenses, in selling deeds blood. Its extraordinary virtues are not yet widely known, but and mo:-tgages1 on property to which they had no claim. when they are'-it will'no longer be a quesiion what remedy to employ in the great.variety of afflicting diseases that require, an It is ^ki 1that property to the amount of $100,000 is. alterative remedy. Such a remedy, that could be relied on, has involve!Iin these 'transactions, and new developments Ions been sought for, and now, for tho nrst time, the public have one on which, they .can depend. Our space hero does not admit ben g made eviery day. Yet there is a fogginess certificates to show its eltects. But thel trial of a single bottle will show to the sick that it has virtues surpassing'anything they there is still another mode of defining our po- about'tlie case that can scarcely be penetrated to get at have ever taken. Sufferers from scrofula, scrofulous swellingssafety of our institutions, being'.the purest and moat - aud sores, try it and see tlie rapidity with which it cures. Skin, sition, which, in my judgment, wo should aim . unselfish portions of • the people.. • It is always safe to the fact'. As'some of the prisoners have been com- diseases, pimples, pustules, blotches, eruptions, &.c., are soonjdoctrines our Southern forefathers taught us. We are, self to be deterred from uniting with.us under Snjch as they were, identified with the-people here by inter- circumstances to bring about this change by the slang est, by social relations, by blood, and in my own case, phrntcs with which we are assailed ? I cannot believe J think it not inappropriate to say, bv blood running it. The times require men to look at things, not names. back to. the foundation of the city and State; for my The Republican party alone gives promise of beingmen to keep a lookout, with a view, if possible, of re-covering the clothing belonging to the murderedwoman. In.depositing the mud from the bucket into was ordered to be paid., maternal ancestor, Richard Gist, as you may see in the able to effect this change. It embodies already the annals of the city, was the engineer "and .surveyor who great mass of the opposition to the acknowledged mis-the scow, the coal lodged outside and the box inside,The Committee on County Offices, to whom was re-laid it off for Lord Baltimore. We are not the men,. therefore, who are likclv to be wanting to the true in- composed for the most of that rural population torule which disturbs and endangers this Government; is- terests or jnst rights of the people of Maryland. But which Mr. Jefferson looked with confidence for the areists m the minds of a large number of true and honest ple of Maryland in restoring .the ship of State-to thesons anjssted tlijus far, are Thomas Lawson, Charlesscald head, ringworm, &c. should not be borne while they cau be the lid, and discovered in it a quantity of coal. The of granite, the building would cost about $65,000. .so speedily cured by AYKR'S SAKSAPAIULLA.men, not only inthis and other slaveholding Suites, butW* some extent.in the Northern Stales—that is. bv the helm. , >candidate to l>e chosen at Chicago. If we cau induceour friends at Chicago to jnve us a man whose career The following table exhibits more precisely the dis-free white settlers-only, will yet sternly rebuke every external effort to interfere with Slavery in tho States. The «election of such a candidate will define onr jxisi-].u)tifu«r<- City.....1 10 ..J c ..1 a .1 a.1 <;a .'! .1.i •i 42.i.i.i •I;.i •i ..i,.i.a,.i 'A• uj,mc> 34,187 . lfl,6Y>715,472.33,314per box, or 5 boxes for $1,Prepared bj' Dr. J. C. ATEII & Co., Lowell, Mass., and sold bying the new Jail, ana report the same to the Board for action.The matter called forth considerable discussion, it be- ing contended that the report should not be adopted in- asmuch as the appropriation in the Tax Levy was Only .j25,000. After further debate in regard-to the quality of material to be used in said building, a. motion was adopted referring back the report to the ConimxtteeRepublican tack, if a proper man is selected for th«Syphilis or venereal disease is expelled from the system by tho hook slipped off th£ box, and it again sank) to the bot- After •reflection,*-the Committee recommended the G. arid Oharles| P . Thompson (father and son), Smith prolonged use\>f this.Sarsaparilla, and the patient loft as healthy adoption of a resolution that the plans and specificationsWilcox Albertjlfl. jWells/Hamilton W. Shipman (out as if ho bad never had tho disease. " ' tom of the scow, which, being filled, was then towedcrepancy of which Mr. Blair speaksBaltimoreC&TTOII.Frederick.;,.!.Mr. Morris states J that had he been present lie would not have allowed the scow to be moved until the box and contents had bjjen fished out, but that now an ef-HarfordTotal.2for.theru Counties.Amie Arundel CalvertCarolineCharlesDorchester J... KentMor.txorneryPrinceCeorgo2,166• 3,000 4,000 Cutting, the attoxney-at-Iaw, are among the property DR. JOXES'S EYE AND EAR INSTITUTION, fort to recover it wquld be.fruitless.Countya numbt r of thejvictims of thei?e sharpers. They have been sw ndled out of all sorts of Simla, from $500 to $20,000. Three! houses and lots" belonging to F. B.•Scalpel, attends exclusively to Operative Surgery, and the more Hudson City was frustrated by "a1 timely^discovery on The following bills among others were ordered to be 10,747 4,232 January last, Charles G. Thompson advertised himself fistula, and concealed abscess of the rectum, are cured without Wedneseay afternoon. A>^ole had been made through Jas. Galway for painting, $541 70t.Total ...."New County taken from Anue Arundel.r population. Senators..Itep/n. FfeewhiteSlaved.conjecture.Titoexaminationshavebeenconducted,THARTICPILLS,whichareeverywhereknowntobethebest..1 •1 ». 21,633;13T\<e decease of Mr. S. O. Goodrich, whose, versatile andpopularwritingsforyouthful readershaveliteral- ly made the name of Peter Parley " familiar asa house- hold word" wherever the English language is spoken,Thonipton| Lawson and Shipman, with alh the re-quiredjapfersgoingtomakethe,transferlegal. Thepapers1ppearing to bo all correct,theSpaniardsex-echtttd 0 jThompson a deed of the farm owned bythem, i-i cciving in return a deed to the lots in Nine(iy-valuable as a medicinal agent. W e know that ten thousand remedies are in the market, and advertised to Cure as many different diseases ; but w e have such strong faith in tho curative propertiesofthia.'Water,thatwodonothesitatetorecommend ittoinvalidogenerally.'Itsvirtueshave beenthoroughlytostei Call and see testimonials. •H. W . BOSTWICK, Sole Agent, Metropolitan Hotel BuildingsBroadway,New-York, No. 574.Clinton; Assistant Registrar, Chas. W. Clickenor. LAYINGTHEC^UNER-STONEqf S.ETONHALT.Cor.-been recently six cases of small-pox hi the building No. 52 Suffolk street, three of which had proved fatal. Itwasreported thatDr.Abbotswas-theagent. Re- ferred to the Resident Physician for action. -his curliest enterprises was the Cstablisllmen*"of an o r i g i n a l i l l u s t r a t e d a n n u a l , c a l l e d ' ' T h e T o k e n , "against tJJje perjurer.A n a f f i l i i v i t i n a d e b y H e n r y W . A l l e n o f t h e D i s t r i c t -juoreans. In comparing the power of the southerngoverning counties frith Baltimore City I have taken first saw the light in.this work. The seriesofjuvenile pmqiortsijo convey the property from Ephraim R.the extreme case; but I may S&d that the people, of thenorthern and western countiesoftheStateare alsodisfranchised to a degree unknown elsewhere iu thiscountry. Thus tie eight populous counties of the north They at once attracted attention, and shared largely in this|forg|d instrument De Bamt paid" $400 in cash, *^2j*£&.wb*K'hcontainedin1850awhitej>opnlation thefavorofthepublic. Theirfamiliarandanimated onlytojfjjrid that;thepropertyhehadpurchasedbe- of 172,616, which has been since greatly increased,books issued under the name of Peter Parley, was be gunsoon.aftertheremovalofMr.Goodrich to.Boston.day) thejurycameintocourtandstatedthittheywereunableto and svas irxecuted-on the 11th day of February. For agree. The Cowt thon discharged themgroundnuts.Herhatcheswerealloffandmenatworkon her cargo. Her papers were shown to the youngster the patients, tlie number of whom has largely increased,3,6307,249 die Emi iau.a Bergamirii and Domincio. Cella, two 4,4'i6 Spanishbehtlemen,outofafarminOrangeCounty,A TTEMPT TO ISREAK JAIL.*—A well-laid plan for with instructions to report at the next meeting of jthe EDWARD H.DIXON, M.D'.,.EditorofThe theescapeoftheprisonersfromitheCountyJailat Boardthecostofsuchabuildingwithbrickfront,jetc.6\0i)G 5.GS5.8089,584 New-i7e|sey, valued at $6,000. It appears that in obscure diseases of the pelvic viscera. Rupture, hscmorrhoida, paid—bill of Jas. Donnelly for coal, $1,596 60; bill of5,616 9,435 8,0012,6275,114 11,510the knife or'ligature. Hobart Ford, Brooklyn, D. C. McCallum, the water closet, imd in a sfic-rt time its sizejcould have as a,rfca|-cstatc broker. The Spanish gentlemen being New-York, N. G. Bradford, New-York, John Alexander Thomp-The Board adjourned after the transaction of some«73844 •3,913all Druggists everywhere. [Advertisement.].the Mast achuBCtts Senate, and a candidate for Congress 1fceeu mad* '/ meet the re a n d t h e d e f < died.' The«deredtob** nc^iwingh hf. injjprogres lieeti made.• pox. A rooi .pauentflhastablimhed for Propositio. of rats in the farming h tend^mt of rl.cultivation of • T h e clotlaribeingmnde*and mrectionn examine tho « InstitotionH.Vj .. ITie inan'ofn gressing fai.*-; fromth<j W a r allgjrcase oflCJ gtorekeeperl 1I Mflis^me, • * 1 dircx-ted U> b-;rt -tho; P^uijt-.- jphice, and a> ieepers, and aand from the a 'She (Jommhi't omnlnye«>K &\c $&(,%%) occv. r'»|The report.>\ theaffirmativ . jPrewdent >, the Commi>«Hi';c the City Priwn Tuitted by Mt'% rases were waai Wat in conw*rjtAtaong thefec ..that tlie jx;rs<M a sort ot revoibe jsecr^ there perhaps bene! BweJcwell's-Ir a eojmmifmem. s Prison, and w :i:• of {persons ruu • 1 drunken frien a . pursue this ro nIiA.reportv.j "whose death •vjumping from Tlje comnitmif at Ym^ow> McKfei "ways injured aioti)8e.1He f-low to avob x Jjfutj the fallhis dcath; tb the jumping, 1 inatroii, ami 1pjneumonia. Thi Tyhilo following d|Ow|n tb<- hold ol$evend conjmi t6 \l\e Goniniitt»*e The weekly sti JSumber rrluix AdiniUed io &Tetal....; iDied.i.l>i •«hars—i S«-nt to iN-urt*' Scrit to State,No. r^msi) inr.r«-.u«: BeJlerue Hespita)..lunatic Asjjum...'. Alms-HoriM,.. ..-..,.• Penitentiarj..... *.. Work-Hou*' Smult-i*ox ioirpuai Jlandall's I* and Kandai!'*- I.-.3iid iios City Ptrison i S<-icohd Difct ict l'.'-iiw Third Ui«tri:: Pn*5i[The Board .adjoAGISTRATlThe rectjnt o;deBoard of .['oii.c^of i Gekera'Superpoiiituig o it the.'nnldier their regpeiprohDjitin- tlicm. i ccourtla said aife Jtioii' amonguudertakeii hi rati the Commisssoi.er issuj of »aid rowdy, oWtreperc tician, dtiring t; e instantly to; the r induce him to ba?t1 or many yea:> bonus have' ix-<:\whop1hi men m wi u<and|set at fall li"c Tested them and x< plaint.. In ordc-! U policeintheperfor carry out th? purjx wei-e designed. Mr e f e r r e d t o .Within dav oiEighth Vraid-(ID a Quires thepoliceto to the nean-st' PoB man to the JetFertO trateichancedtobe The Clerk askci d: ,said jthe man wa^.whieu the other'^i conv jy the accitf-drmain until 80l.x.«r. lees, returned withSimilar ca-»e.s hav>- < the niiagu<trate!> dire prisoners to the ;~ti «rjta they wl-re sow jAn officer of the r"b•difficultv, had cor.vt part of the city tot man to the £ixth W up there until he.goor examination. en, nnable to i'ive ommon, the MagiommWueriis upon oward the close ofr thirty euch cimie eantime ?le|K oil :b ^elbj."• The Magi.-: :-a make.such' dispoeiii mentioned, in aeconi";her singular t'.ai e c u t i o n . T a l ivident that the mag >lice;-. as is tlieito throw every this recent action on' ^)rderiv<{iuedby6vm Jhibiting them from u Station-Houses-touiour city wheuthov rested.A day or two a.:0 tion-House contaittei •which the Magfct ra withuutil the i>riso Housee have.been are half broken d"W fj:o-at the pleasure 0:TWEI.VTU-W.A O this Club 'WM.- 1 the headc^uarter.- ol Kelson 'C rawfor• i. K. Pabor, Se<jret:i.y local business', ib ( Wluirton 05 Mo 1diate fa ally of the deceased, loft his late residence, No. 15 West Twentieth, street, and proceeded to theMr. .CAMPBEITL moved to widen Catherine street, Referred to Committee on Streets.Hamil|t<li FJish, Simeon Draper, Moses- H. Grinnell,Gen. Nye,,and other leading Republicans, arc to leavethe city oh;the 5 o'clock train on Saturday afternoon,via Hudson River, N. Y. Central, Suspension Bridge,and Miicligan Central Road. A dispatch from Chicagoyestertlt y states that the Committee on Reception hadav., $1,410; 4 do.jadj., $1,00( ; 6 do., $720; 1 do. H. e. corner 3d there can • hardly b\i\ a doubt^-the Central Company adopted. • ' . , ' ' . ' . -av. and 43d St., $4,425; 1 do. .>. u. adj., $3,200; 1 do; $3,175; 1 do.$3,205;1do.t.8.45thfit.$1,400;1do.$910;6do. each $720;.-3 do. u. a. 42d at, rear of above, $2,100; 1 do. adj. $1,910; 1 do. $1,800:1 'do. $1,750; 4 do. each, $1,635; 4 do.'each $1,600; ' ' •The.Treasurer of the New-York Prison Association completed to-day, aijd all will be ready to commence Twentieth JPrecJ'nct Station-House.Queen /Lmuyv..}.. .i 2 6,936 4,270 anxiojus to dispose of their property, called upon Mr. Burnett, New-Orleans,Henry Livingston,'New-York, and more3 , 4 - 1 4a n d 2s i n e t y - s i x t h s t r e e t s f o r t h e f a r m l a n d i n t r o d u c e dproposed an exchange of some city lots in Ninety-fifthhoursfromUto9a.m.,1to8, and7to9p.m., atNo.425th-av. At all other hours he is at his private hospital, where every com- f o r t o f d o m e s t i c l i f e ' i s p r o v i d e d f o r t h o s e w h o r e q u i r e t h e m o r ewealth} man, and connected with George Law and[Advertisement.]OAK ORCHARD ACID SPRINO WATER.—Thison Wednesday evening last, by electing the following owners were notified to cleanse them. The followingofficers for the ensuing year: President, Wm. W. roundsmen were appointed: E. Welsh, Sixth Ward; H. Miner and Jeremiah Wood, Tenth Ward. Thetook place at hie late residence in this city on Wedlics-for removing hi* residence to a village in the State of know how to use their capabilities. A correct, phrenological ex-nelius Rip'otten with having forged a deed of convey-istratiOh of the Department, presented a lengthy report got under way, and beat out to the frigate, 10 miles out letting forth that in regard-to the organization of Belle-ance of Jallot of laud in Ninety-fifth street. This deed' Roberts tone of Lawson's aliases) to Jacob Do Baun,to sea. jThe brig was half loaded at the time with ivory and.vue Hospital there seems to be an imperative necessity on the part, of the Commissioners to establish a moro^ eil'ectiveniodeandmannerof meeting thedemandsofbytheby,hadjustbeeninadosobythe'deathofthe nave only eight Senators, five less than "the thirteen style, their frequent picturesque descriptions, and their longed to M>. Van Heuvel. A second affidavit made A number of pleas of guilty wore taken to-day, and former officer], |'\Vhp: declared them*to be fraudulent,pital,.andthedesireistomeettheincreasebyanor- ganization which shall be equal to the demands of theunaffected sympathy with the tastes of the young, three Caw.-swere put oil'after some time w is'spent in discussingand who, against the remonstrance of the mate, whohad charge at the time (the captain being up the river),got her under way and beat her ont to the frigate. The for a faithful and humane supervision iliid action'onr[>y Mr. Allen charges Lawson and Joel W . -Foote withwhitepeople a number which has probably not been gave them a universal fascination among juvenile read- havirig eicecuted a deed to a lot of land, in considcra? John Smith and a fellow named ITogan1841, a selection from his contributions to periodical*xceed»id the south in that class of population an ar- literature, called "Sketches from a Student's Wiu> thusjfar amide public. The-'investigation is still pro- assault and buttery,• and wt-.ro remanded for sentence until tho smeared over with oil. The English Commodore was011still m<re, but the above constitute the main chargesTangenient by' which they made each of their slaves dow;" and in 1857, his " Recollections of-a Lifetime." jUngij^jfore Justice Welsh, and Detectives Samp- last day of-tliu term. much annoyed at the officious behavior of the bout's'lowed-for the 68,(KX> white people, by which the north*Jobu'ilintiau was Indicted forthesanieoj^enkc but discharged,'-equivalent neailv to two while men of tho northern He was al«o the originator of "Merry's Museum aud . «on ind|)iivoc are still on the alert for other suspected as tlio .evidence did not prove anything ugu nst him. Adjourned. crew; and'his frigate sailed for Fernando Po to ex-- counties in Uie Hon*-of Delegates. This discrimina- Parley's Magazine," which he edited from 18-11 to perspnsjtion against tho white population- was sufficiently un- just at the time, hut it has been since greatly aggra-COURT OF1 SESSIONS—Before Judge GABIHBON, Justi STILLNVKLI, and S T U V K 511.plain the occurrence to the American Commodore.. Our vessels are poorly protected on-the coast of Af^ rica. The American men-of-war never touch .any-1H,>4. Tbe.kiMt work which appeared under his name vated by the growth of that population. Having re- i* the "Illustrated Nut,itvtil History," published aboutcesT H K J M K OF, QI;IMB6 Afro.— Gov. Morgan hasAwed the Governor to a cypher, giving him no veto or a year since in this city. Tho whole number of his coniinutejlthe penalty in the case of Qnimbo Appo, ing, and presented 211 indictments, wbic 1 are classified as fol- of Sierra Leone, where there urojimvnys frohi two to apartment* for her sole accommodation at the Hospital.legislative power and no power of appointment save for temporary vacancies, the then, as if in mockery of popular sovereignty, gave the election of that officer toproductions is more thau 170, including a variety of1<>M-K: Selling liquor without license, 14; f< rgery, second degree, three American vessels. There ia no American agent . Resolved, That the Cxumh.aliou which has b ^ n m u d e and re-; were to the ell'e«educational, juvenile, and miscellaneous works, besido •the people, presenting them, as it were, with j*tin { those'already mentioned. Although chiefly engaged JfoutoaWmI statingthe action of"tho Governor, says tion laws, 1;•escape oT-apriKonorfrom a coustublo, 1.n the walks of literature, Mr. Goodrich took an active /art in the nfbifH of lift, and always cherished a deepf..inipipson'mfent at Sing Sing. TJtc Albany Evening' thatHvl|en|tbecasowasoriginallybroughtonfor trial,chargedw»?hthetnankuofthoCourt.Tho following persons wore fined 4*10 mob for selling liquorwithout lio«»ts#> CharJwB Jones, PaUiok Walsh, P«t«r IUu««classof 1860 have been awarded toW. H. Halo of Albany, N/Y., and O. C. Marsh of Lookport, N. Y.nine* theoccurrence referred to K' continued,and a constant watch be duvcU-d to b<» maintained. •The report further states thtfi arriU^geU)ei»e»t» hawthe Chicago Coyve©i*ship of. it live m uard-bearer. At in >e|applaudw. This Q and intends to do»whofhasjbeon under sentence of death, to ten years'2;'disorderly house, 1; assault on,.officer^(, 2; obtaining moneyon this part of tho coast to protectported U> the i)ub)i.> of the case of Mary Cottier, and the mutila- tion of horchiUi, vrtibxneTM all tho.faot* which could .b« eljcitod. by the Coroner and Commissioners,and that the future iuv^u- cation be.abnudoiK'd. ".,.'"*.'•"%. .,,'. «h Would be tbe^trpnKJi€jf'«ouneel woe not ]>re&>nt, and, when he ay-. IFofpreparation. Thiswasrelused,and,asnow appears,onthe.last!charge. \•:.,•-,...• .•- . A. -'John Darby, a lad about IS, pleaded guiKy to p«tltlarceny. John Robinson,'er-'Koh;ion,-pleaded guilty to perjury in the• • '• • .the counsel went on with the' trial without any ade-from tha i JState. During the administration of Presi- quate preparation,! arid he was compelled to ask one of fourth degree. Sentence reserved in eoeb case. I< ,d e n t ' F u l m o r e , h o h e l d t h e o f f i c e o f U * S . C o n s u l ' a t Paris, w here he made many friends by his kindly man- ners and cordial hospitality. Mr. Goodrich wats in his 67th yea r|at tho time of his death, although Ids appear- ance ant. Imannors indicated a person much less ad-t h e w i t n e s s e s f o r t h e p e o p l e t o s i t b y h i m a n d a s s i s t M o r g a n R h o d e s a n d J a m e s M c C a r t y , i n d i c t e d f o r b u r g l a r y i nmade ar rangements to meet this train at the Michigan JameB Lenox, $100; Jurne's Boorman, $25; Stewart Brown, the Central Companip is legally removed. The cars to ;- » — - •, ITHK ^IME'.BATX.—Yesterday, for once, those having c the Time Ball on the Custom-House managed, ...A. Low, if10; A,1 B. SaudH, $10; Georg*fkft. $r»; Baton & Co.'and actual power of the Federal Government,to which almost universally by the people. The present condi- but by 1 he porters of the Custom-House, at the precise $5; Linda, $ 2 ; C. C- Peck $ 5 ; H. B. LMhgHton, $20; Robert will be launched in about two weeks. At the yard of the sum of J$996 be paid to the Inebriate Asylum, audihJM contest relates, as it is beyond the power and juris- second i ndicated by a transit observation made by Mr. diction of the British Monarchy. Every one that tion of the country still better attests thejustice with, knows anything knows the truth of this assertion; and which the old patriot characterized the mischievous Samuel Hammond. yet it is by confounding the question of power over inventions of the nullifier. Fortunately, the countryKay, M. D.j $101; Samuel S. Doughty, $ 5 ; Duncan, Sherman & Co,. $25; C. N. Talbot, $25; MeredithHowland, $50; Goodhue &Co., $20; Mitchell & Pott,'$10; JouaSturges, $10;ThornaHOwen, $20; Clafiin, Mellon & Co., $10; Moron Bros., French Consul, $ 5 ; Becknagcl &. Co., $ 5 ; iMerricK & Bull, Habcock & Milnbr, $ 5 ; T. Messenger, $ 5 ; Wilmerding, Hognet &. Cunibert, $ 5 Grant & Barton, $ 5 ; Johir II. Authou, $25; A. T. Sackett, $10: John D. Wolfe, $50; J. A. Juffray &. Sons, $25; cash, $25, tlirough Dr. Griscom; S. B. S., $5—Total,Edward Luthcll a blrk of 450 tuns is being built for§8,964/to the Alms-llouse Department. Referred to Committee.Mr. DA VIS presented a resolution recommending that a cbrnpetent engineer be employed to survey the, Har- lem River with a view of ascertaining what improve-«• ments may be made in the navigation of said river, and that the Committee on Annual Taxes report such meas- ures as shall bett promote the object, the total expense not to< exceed the amount set i'orth in the tax levy.•what are called.the Territories of the Untied States, •which by the very terms used in speaking of them are conceded to belong to the United States, with the ques-MORIJ OF THE CITY LOT SWINDLERS.—Detectives Sampijso a and Deyoo on Wednesday evening arrested 'two nic re men] charged with being concerned withNEW-WJE^R.SEY ITEMS.OF Adays since, the mup-machine-nsed for dredging therought up a icheese-box wound around with a rope! to the othe •end of which was at-long to the United States, that our adversaries en- deavor to present, tis in the attitude of conspiring with external fanaticism to war on the rights of property held by our fellowrcitizena. There is ' nothing in theTheir names are Joel W . Footc, an operator in Wall streetj'. iving at No. 174 West Twenty-first street, and Comel'i ;is T6t|en,|a real-estate broker having an officeThe resolution was adopted.until the 22d mat., in order that the ''members who de- . proprietor, of the jlredging-machine, had directed his sired might have an opportunity of attending said Chi-Not a few oil tlie xvorwt diworderH that afflict mankind arise from the corruption that accumulates in the blood. Of all the at No. 2 Wall street. This make.s eight persons in all diHCOverics thai have been made to purge it out, none have everThis is the same slip in whichthe body of the miijrdered woman Iidentified as tliat of members an opportunity of attending said Convention. Mrs. Ada Hichardsbn was found, and Mr. Morris, the He moved that when the Board adjourn, it adjournand sunk to theMiottom of the boat. The employees committed their report* made April 9, 1860, in relationto the new County Jail, again reported that they hadattempted to raise jit to the surface, when the rope* given the subject renewed consideration,"and liaxl con-'parted. .'••'•' * sulted with Sheriff Kelly and Deputy Sheriff McLeod.They then made an' attempt to get the cheese box The Committee were of opinion that a building couldbe erected in accordance with the plans and specifica- the prejudice against our party and cause, which ex- we may confidently expect the cooperation of the peo- brought into fj|u'rt speedily.- The names of the per- St. Anthony's fire, rose or erysipelas, tetter or salt rheum, out with a boat-hook, and in their efforts.'buret open •tions, Jfaced with the marble cornice, for $60,000. Lfto accomplish in order effectually to dissipate cooperate with such people. I believe, therefore, that mitted for triah we may expect to see the. matter cleaned out of the Hyotcm by it. «. •$909 50.May 10,I860.|THE MYSTERIOUS MURDERFEMALE—Afew$ 5 ; $ 5 ;HENRY A. OAKLEY, Treasurer, No.C6Wallstreet.[Advertisenion't.]PURIFY THE BLOOD.the Galveston trade: - '1' •' [Advertisement.]Principal, American.Female, diseases are caused by scrofula intho blood, and are into the channel and dumped. The men stated that fcubmitted by the Committee on County Offices for the generallysooncuredbythisExtractofSarsaparillu.Prico,$1 newCountyJailtobebuiltonthecornerofLudlow per bottle, or 6 bottles for $5. ; . • they did not see any clothing or anything "else except f-treet and Essex place, be approved; that the Com-P'or" all the, purposes of a family physic, take ATER'8 C A - coal. It is surmieed, iiqwever, that the garments of mittee on County Offices be authorized to receive '24 before Justice Welsh; who has taken'the affidavits-of purgative that is offered totho American people. Price, 25 cents the murdered woman might have been at the bottom. estimates under said plans aud specifications for build-THEROAD.-•for the Rhinebeck and Kingston Ferry Company. Ittached a, piece of CO:ll 1 ..' . . ! - ..son, Monticello.N.Y.,JohnLynn,<;sq.,Newton.N.J.,Maurice been increased sufficiently to admit ofegress., The routinebusinessuntilthe22dinst. ' place was again made secure, and extra vigilance wasSeninjorWestcott. Mr.Bergaminiexpressed his wil-DEATH OF SAMUEL G. GOODRICH. linghbsfi tdlexchange property, and was furnished by 'Water is pronounced by. distinguished physicians to be highly Shippen; Treasurer, Carsten Sicick; Registrar, Chas. Sergeant of the Saniniry Squad reported that there had-—• •, [Advertisement.]The quarterly report ol Inspector Folk of Brooklyn: ^ was submitted, showing that the force under his com-fifth anjd [Ninety-sixth streetH. Some time afterwardday af'ternoon. Ilii had recently made arrangements Mr. Bei gamini discovered that the city lots for which SUCCESS and H A P P I N E S S are open to all who Depot, on the line of] the Morris aud Essex Railroad, und^withur number of arrests made during the quarter was 3,238,he had paid, kycre owned by" a man named Van amination is the best method of leamiug these capabilities, and the State policv of the Republican partv, its tirst mission Connecticut, and coming from that place where'were Heuvel. and.that neither of the persons who had ex may be obtained daily at FOWLKII «I WELLS'S, NO. 808 Broad-ARRESTOFAN[ALLEGED RIVER PIRATE.—In Janu- ary last a man named William Keenan, and an accomplice, were arrested, charged wHth breaking into the cabin of tho propeller Ellen y. Terry, whibi lying at the dock in Jersey City, and steal-should be to aid in ridding the State of the rotten bo- allhi2familyexceptoneson,onTuesdayafternoon,rough system, by which it is made a minority Govern-ment; and institute popular sovereignty. 1 need not the next day he found himself so unwell as to demand them. Meantime, the Jersey farm-had been trans- remind you of the feet that the Government of thisState is not a popular Government, in the proper senseof the term. The people of this city have recently hadXL Bufficiently-eonvmcing reminder of this fact, ft mayWUT*'excuted the paper* to him, had any right or title tothe aid of his family physician. His illness, which ferrer! fjpm one sharper to another, till it becameviin- Dv. MCCLINTOCK'S COLD AND COUGH MIXTURE ing therefrom a quantity of wearing apparel and over $50 inproceeded from an affection of the heart, was not sup- .posed to he of an alarming character, untiljust before[Advertisement.]is guaranteed to cure an ordinary cold or cough, catarrh, influ- money.- Keenan was admitted to bail to appear at tho Januarybe instructive, however, to analyze briefly, at this time, 4*o'clock, when it assumed.a seyerejform, and in twen-. in a ijim; lar manner, was in the city recently, and is by Druggists. ' ^}-, . T H R E A T E N I N G [ T H E L I F E ' O F A P R I E S T . — O n W e d n e s - day last the Rev. Father Vanatta, Italian priest at Hudson City,the organization under which we li*w;, to" illustrate its nature. With this view, it may be remarked that the , county of Calvert, with a white population of onlyty minutes he had breathed his last*—Mr. Goodrich was descended from an ancient and highly respectablenow pre luring affidavits against the conspirators;A fpe< ial charge of perjury .ia made "against CharlesLA W INTELLIGENCE.• ;UNITED ST A TES CIRCUIT COURT—MAT 10.—Before Jus- hill interfered and prevented seriousviolence, and, at the request to the disposition o>fthe force and ihe classification of3,630 "sonls in 1850, and which has probably not in- family in Connecticut, several members of which have P. Then jlson by (the District-Attorney. It is shown!was attacked at Bergen Hill by an unknown Italian, evidently of the report consists of statistical information in regard dcraneed, who threatened to take Ms lif«^ 6ome laborers on theereased since, has equal power in the State .Senate with been distinguished in literature and public life. Histhis great city, which had a white population in 18.30 native place was Kidgefield, where he was born Aug.of 140,666, and contains now probably 200,000 white •persons. One white man of Calvert has therefore 19,17iiy. In his copious and entertaining " Recollec- to bijil tfcanswer by Justice Quackenbueh. His son,tions of a Lifetime," he lias left on record a variety df zens of Baltimore, in the House of Delegates the autobiographical details, as well us sketches of a greatten o'clock—butViO'counsel were in attendance, aud the judgeafter waiting nearly an hour, adjourned thol Court till Friday atlOafm. Alter the. adjournment several lawyers appeared, and The following particulars concerning the seizure of an were read}' to go on with tbeir.cases, buttUey were disappointed,•more power in the Senate of the State than fifty citi-in order >become surety for him, came forward and swore'"fill it he owned the house and lot No. 96 Eastpreponderance is not so great; but even in that body " the voice of one white man in Calvert has more power than ten citizens of Baltimore. Six otherAmerican vessel by an English frjigate, the bare an- TIONS,A regular meeting of this Board was held at the Rnouncement of Tvhich fact came by telegraph, are from. tunda yesterday, President DKAI»EH in the Chair, and- The Boston Transcript, of Wednesday: all the member's present. The minutes of the hist nieetr,We learn from Capt. Thompson1, of brig William M. ing were "read, mid the usual requisitions from 'the|Wardens of the several institutions referred to the Coui-J Ramppen agt Vail et til.-—Motrin denied with $5 the West Coast of Africa, that the jbrig Geo. W. Jones, mittee.of the Whole.The .«nme against, the same. Reference ordered to Edward the mouth of the Rio Congo, by the Englisli frigate various subjects having reference to the organization,Sl )».le to fix upon any one art the owner. Another enza, tore throat, &.c., with absolute certainty and a degree of term, but fulled to] do so, and it was subsequently ascertained rapidity that will agreeably nstouiah tho patient. Price 25 cents. that he had gone South. Accused returned again on Wednesdaygenttem in from New^Tereey, who has been victimized Sold by FastFOLD,TAKKKU &L MOWBB, No. 15 Beekman-st., and night, and has Bgahajbeen arrested aud committed for trial.that i his father, Charles G. Thompson, was recently arrested Dn a charge of falses pretenses, and was heldt i c e SMALLEV . DILATORY COUNSEL. ' '. -.This morning the Court opened at the regular hour—of Father Vanatta, he was allowed to depart. — • — — — — .prisoners. The report was adopted, and ordered to bv 1 rt printed. The Board then adjourned.number of his prominent ^temporaries. He com- Tweinty- jbeth street, worth $.12,000. It subsequently and went away with the determination to profit by the example menced life as a publisher-in Hartford, and after a visit of punctuality given by tho judge.appeared p a t the-property in question was owned bycounties., with an average, white population of 6,000, to Europe in 18^4, removed to Boston, where he con- Messrs. ;$nnus <!b Clark, piano-forte manufacturers, SUPREME COURT CHAMBERS—MA Y 10.—Before Justicehave the san.-e representation as Calvert, giving each tinued the same business in an enlarged form. One o and they|as well is tho District-Attorney, file affidavitsB O N N E v. DECISIONS.of their citizens a greater power than thirty Baltimore-arts in the Senate, and than six in the House of Dele-g a t e s . • '1 b e s i x - o t h e r g o v e r n i n g c o u n t i e s h a v e a w h i t epopulation averaging a little over 1,000, so that each-of which he edited from 1828 to 1812; contributing to, their ritizens have a power in the Senate equal to 20,Dodge, which arrived at this port this morning fromc o t - t s . o f S a l e m , S p a r k s , w a s s e i z e d F e b . 1 8 , o n t h e c o a s t a t T h e C o m m i t t e e o f t h e W h o l e j t o w h o m , w a s r e f e r r e dCOURT OF COMMON PLEAS—MAr 10-Before JudgeD A L Y ,FALSI! IMPRISONMENT .SUIT: - '•Beclcer agt. Caifrey.—Iu this case (reported yester-brig was taken possession of by the Second Lieutenant,COURTOFGENERALSESSIONS-MAT10,—BeforeJudge ItUSSKLI..who had called himself the second lieutenant, (and who,- produced partly by the destruction of tho Island Hos-ers, while they were recommended to maturer minds tion of ftjjl800, from Ephraim R. Roberts to the Hen- in the third degree, pleaded guilty of pl-tit larceny, and wore Commodore on seeing her papers, 1$ once sent herremanded lor sentence to-morrow. . . ' meet, iheir official duties and responsibilities, and»nee increased, and in the House of Delegates theseeight popnloua counties have only the same number ofBepresentatives {&) as the 13southern eounties. These by the graceful and graphic form in which so much drick Hutton Fire Insurance Company." It is alleged Elizabeth Kaviland, n negresH, pleaded guilty of grand'larceny, back,to her berth in the river. - ' ~^ • will require at-the hands of their officers an uutiring•outhern countiesowned 58,000 slaves, 37,000 more than were owned mjhe north, and having the iK>Wer, they took about one fourth more of the Senate than they gave the populous conaties, and allowed themselve* the same ^presentation in th* House of Delegates for their ex- cess of 37,000 slaves over the north, vflrieb-ther al-valuable knowledge was clothed. In 1837, Mr: Good- and was also remanded.. • . . . • • •" that this.need is ai forgery, and that Lawson and Foote Thomas O'Modm pleaded guilty of await t and battery upon anrich published a collection of his poems, entitled " Tho did not,own tho property purporting to*have been indictment for intent to kill, lie wus teutenced to the Peui- teuliary-for,two yearn.Capt"i Sparks is an old trader on' the coast, and a man vveil known and highly respected in Salem. He was de- tailed some ten dnvs in the river by the outrage. Capt.devotion to the performance of their active and per- sonal duties. The report then recommends the pus- sage of the following resolution: • iliesolved.. That JTiinothv Daly be and Is hereby removed frou: the office of Warden of Iiellevuo Hospital, to take efi'cct on Mon- day, tho 14th inst. '. * . •'Jietotred, That John-E.. White be andhe i« hereby appointed Warden of BeUevue Hospital, to udce effect on the 14th hmt.Resolved. That Thowa* Hallansn, "Storekeepw aid, Win Ha* lnnau, AHMxtant, Clfik, be and arc hereby discharged, and thefc- olllces thereby rendered vacant.Resolved, 'Xhat an oilloo of Commissary aud necouutant 0* Belleyue Hospital bo and is hereby created, with a salary of $G(Krper annum. .•••Outcast a"d Other Poems;" in 1838, a volume, ad- transfer;^ 1. Other affidavits have been taken, impli- John Conner pleaded guilty of petit lnjvceny hi stealing ^2t ;Thompson says that his vessel was closely watched,dressed to parents, entitled "Fireside Education;" in. cating ulli he ])erf)ons an-estcd, and throwing suspicionand w:ts M-nt to the Penitentiary for six m mtlw. • John Brown was sent to the Ponitentiar' for one year forand while taking in palm oil, a boat's crewwas sent, or came carelessly alongside, to have a good look at tlie-joi] casks, to see that they were not casks of wateran John Ifceari end a comrade named Cluii an pleaded guilty of.attempt ot grand larceny,' of which be pleaded guilty. '-/indicted for burglary*\the courtesies extended to him and his officers while m. • this harbor. < .The Mayor vetoed Jhe resolution to raise the pier at the foot of Thirty-fourth street, N. R., because theSUPREME COURT—CIRCUIT—Short causes—Part T. square stone Thirty-second- street, from Second to Nos.m\, )795,4115,4195,953.4221,M,«»,«gi«W,»g., Thirdavenue;andtopurchasealotforHoseC014-INJUNCTION JON THE PURMAM-STUEET RAIL- -The order restraining the Central Railroad Company from running cars on the Piirman-street track is made returnable this (Friday) morning, beforelay tracks and run ajline of cars along Furroan street.The City Railroad j Company h e r e a b o u t building atrack on the same'route, and a contract was drawn upin 'December last giving-the Central Company theright to use the road ^>n the payment of a certain sum •for the privilege. This .agreement, for some reason, the Battery Enlargement, was laid over and ordered was not signed by the City Railroad Company. Tbfe to be printed in the minutes.H O B O K E N B O A R D O F W A T E I I.Hoboken Board ,of Water Commissioners organized Lord relative to unclean places about the city. The1.KGE.—The corner-stoneof a newbuilding,tobeusedasacol-lege, will be solemnly laid by Right Rev. Bishop Bayley onWednesday, May 16| at 12:30 p. m. The building, in connectionwith another alreadyfbuilt, will be used, after the surBHier vaca-tion, for Scton Hall (pollege, which will be removed fiom Madi-^ mand consists of 6captains, 30sergeants, 2(5 detailuientk KOII. It is situated theee-fourthn of a mile from the So&th Orange 17iijpatrolmen, and 17 doormen,; total 250. The wholethree and a quarter miles of Newark by the turnpike roadV---,an increase of 261 over the number embraced in hjm last report. Of the persons arrested, 2,146 could read aiid write, 1.092 could neither read nor write, 1.520 were married, and 1,718 were single. There were during the quarter 2,435 persons accommodated wi lodgings at the several station-houses, 232 lost chiidrc were restored to their parents, 706 eases ^f violatio of city ordinances were reported to tfosfr, forporatioh Counsel, and 36 eases of violation of the Suuday Liquor law were reported to the District-Attorney.. 1 he amount of property reported to the several sta- tion-houses as. having been stolen was $-1,279 75. ojf which $689 50 worth was recovered. The remainderA NEW-ENGLVND VESSEL SEIZED AS A SLAVER.— • • — *DEP ARTMENT OF CHARITIES AND CORREC-JUsolred. Thai Mm. Riddle bo and is hereby appointed » Mat- Tito Grand Jury caine into Con t yvtiterday niorn- where except at the most, healthy places, and the port ron of'UellovHo IloKpital, with a salary of #300 per annum, withunder false jjretensea, 1; grand larceny, 2; burglary, first degree, .l;a«Rftult and buttery, Z; canying slung-ihot, 1; viohitiug aiioonr interests.The Oiand Jury, having completed th jir labors, were dis- —Tho Yale College Berkeley Scholarships for the ResoltAl, That the uUht nnrses which have been «»tahliUi«*dUntitled Document(next.. ' - . ' . . 'charity,governed by proper economy and supervision,BOARD OF COUNCTLMEN.A st«ited meeting of the Board was held yesterdayThe Board concurred to purchase, for the utK^of the city, the right to use Alickle & Carville's Fire Escape, at the sum of $20,000.. Mr. K E N N E D Y remarked, thatvention of patriots was to be held in Chicago next week, he hoped tlie Board would give its Republican jcago Convention. The motion was adopted.A bill of $412, for expenses at Eldridije-street Jail,theiu; part, and the Commissioners will endeavor toinasmuchas the Con-1^"^TM :; 9Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 