 FC'if'AwtoiTdemocratic and the will of principlesCourt, in a like ours, to tax-paying communitysince been adversely to this pronouncedthe ascendant, this prescription is worth serious consideration.oined.Of the religion of this people, O son of From, Iiiave said nothing. This silence has arisen not fraalt«^so brashing from the nationalllrMd* oa a* aniral of tk« asrir natoraL We beliere he has iiimself had Ua proper guarantee of publicity. These delays that the Great Eastern of 1860 will be likely the dust tluxiwn upon it by the late " milL" But a quested to know wl^kiaaHMH^'SE'iEi^WWiwMat O* CIIJandoneforthreembntha.Now WB are aware, from Mr. WATaaBvav'sbanoblUbad for tha baaattef Issned In a few days."Paifc^'^ Oommlttar' BecepttoBinanytUagwhichaavoraofastheL^'^life',._ .^jtamsofknowest,propeityIto Portr-Onk- FUk-«r«aa to Ik* Xut Rlvar.have returned In great numbers ff the quiet and ainply ask for an explanattoa. Ta ak to have been anticipated by the projectors were to be plaster in about equal proportions, while the secaiity of their old homea. Under theae cir- the District-Attorney's share in brin^g orimi- further counted upon, have had the salataiy of the Lion was employed in the delicate d^ oftproved,ImC Oibgtaas to such acts ss the Legis-—altogether a{upecommunicatingdirectiywithlooked "gorgeously green" or transcendanlly'"^ingtempleBostonarewoattoIcoiBBMBced agressminor through exacted bankers, ofVisxt, Esq.,failure of Messrs. Gbexhi & Co., Niu Bai that heon for Mar hosirs I, wUIa a ridicnlous sceneofto which the time forget law, and become absorbed in creation of ateam.y," but waaspeechtoftbseattia eddemic is ~ita Anther increase. A report I ikom Hr. Qnnr, of this City, detail-sends aup cloud of movements, is not to beby looking uponkeptccmTulaed with thestruggleThese,with otherthepiaynd dry «TMtw aw have departed for Niphon. So A»ii the faikttriMvlBt off-fviilto* tWBcriat, mad begimringgmikfaifa^ example Bwr ioHuenoe ami In he brings indictments to trial in one ;The sweet uses ofof intrmlaoiiig two BepnbUoans into theSenate,that Augean Stable, the office of the publicno topic had sensation-writing so exhausted25J~f .?"»TM«Bl8aSiJ ,^-poseim- Texas has already sofliired sererelycleared of Its and buahed-up Crimea.The dimensions of theponderous machinery, ita. atupendnous shaflswoold be in the highest degreeprosecutor,mouldy indictmeats It thinks itself, there-itselfmonster,ItsNoconsiderationofjnsticeorofpablicpolicy butfortheclose taken,itcannot thing look gorgeously green except the blue Wash-ing-tonhushed all murmurs, andquenched everyim- remonstrated against holding Court in the Presstheoffthere is-m»u4i&'i»M bMn i«««lk% •««M> witness In a eaaa of "noelrisg ttdlen IbrfheoaiiBt "Btaewxtk^Toylea. .goods;" another itve mOntha, in a caaa of X Hiss»r-Waa, I have bea> nlndftct <hat ft^fexaa oiMgnuA «u ut<wtAi0f arson ; two, four months, ia cases ef murder, nNnyaoniiaa. Tea will kate aU akaot H wMa ii» btalD* Oraagfa-aa tlili aottty weather ia'.Ckst wtaVefiMwfaioh p(«M k^ lirmiQUtrattoBa, bf"'i^aekWIpliiwaag gnaalsAam «een UtoeaaMaoattspaapklcttarn. TkspaaifklMtate 'Ibeonaamtailonfofllife HallThere owndeclaration,thatheconsidershimself torMd«h«fle]ptana fulte flnenfly." Dia-is n* kaowiag lw«r may other dergymeB this trict-Attomey by divine right, and that whetherbad ooBBfaay, ererf miaister in it ma^ come to nobody butOod and hU own conscience. The Great Eastern. There is very little reason to well aa the foreigners. Let several nfthn flllai ••chew bad language, and read the gospels public, liowever, does net by any meana take doubt that bad the great ship visited America men be suspended by the neck from each oftif*have found thejfTooeMoftine,iftheStatebekeptoutofInAvelv«,ornotatall,heisresponsibleto fortunateillustrationinthehistoryofthe whichwouldastonishandplaaaethenatireaaaaad olT-band, without spelling. qpiatlesthis view of the case, and if we are notlast Autumn, the visitation would have resulted larger trees In the vicinity of the City Hall, vrtAfa'»Pdhls waaOia |ia<#l* C*^ DanTlIl*, Ps., kava Tu cumatwices Mr. Wiofall's protest is not nn- nals to jnstice, subjected to tbe ordinary and effect of reducing the pcqjular expectationI BOSTI.'AT—PMr. iuoMf Xiciui Swaai- VOnBTH-ATINTIKt(mBKPSH—riiiiiiiiwe>FABrforas. IJtWiTitlT Wb 1M Bmaswat—KZHm-somean the luxury of praise. It is pleasant to know that Hub from having been the ceotieof the B«iais>thai ane oocasloa,bybut the criminEtlawaiting ;arena, aod the plaudits whichsouls said Jeddo, though onr months made i^hmt'' :the brutal and boister- ofMr.SawAsaandother^^pub- niencedbytliemSicilian from ten thous- andthousandEngUshthroaUdrownthaechoesofpheming, drinking, cock-fightiag Yankees, into the body which he adorns.The RtsieetioB of Kansas.If anything can convince the entire mass of the people of the North of the absolute neces-attempt ta make Mr. Warbbubt give an ac- changes which have been wrought within the zle their cynical colunma, to indulge for once hiplace;bat otherscribes aay it ia caBad «Vr'is ever allowed to torn it from its settled pur rior bears to theCU£BT—>•• TO Bboaswat—KxEtBiTioa pose, of fortifying ita own power and promoting brown-stone house. In spite of its appearance, happy misbehavior brought sorrow upon tha;bis nameis Bam-its own specific and selfish ends, at whatever MKWBOFTM£iDAT. expensetothegeneralgood.it serves neither of these butdoestbetwofolddutyofatempleofjni^Uce with. TheaeB nt-ll^i£ji^Kpiilita yeataiday the Houmas Land bill""protected from the rain—bat how the skies which were andto take us toc^ bnotprat^n^Eaasas by the Senate affords a striking ia- '"'^i tin was takan up, but no action was staaoe of this abuse of power. For four yearsthe masheen" and tbebut itmine. This ia a for verse, nor that tha young men of that eity«M.fMdf»tkfad tine and passed. The Army Ap- befbra adjoumment In the Houseof the lOsaaoii Contested Elec- .naomad, but oo action was taken A lasointioo was passed, gtringIpied byboys" thatplied with doors. water-tighttors.pilstlna bine, puzzles deter- eyesBos-ton,now theof have been people Kansas^ grasping by af^'^straggling The resiat- aaoa they have encooatered has oast a lastingus the aaatfor theof theirwhichoppertunitymanner in which they saltte strangeis.^ It b aw ^P—repreaoh uponliving donkeys,hare beenbanishedto judge whether he atood among the things which that alarge body of vratar called tiie• »^^*recognitionrights.Hemisphere." Firemen are not usually the moat quiet racakey-en^es,it will be remem- and intractable as the most;v^OB Ite tdOaU^ 0«tt '•n-i^altf eanlv, md will «em borsfrom ConnfcUoat and Masaaehaaetta, and We base no charges on theae ratoms. We stration that no such results in speed aa had tered brows of her Chao^kn with laurel and ..— who knows but the spi»araB issue ss possible. The Senate voted for it, every Pro-Slavery progress of trials, under such circumstan- the sanguiae reckoning of last year but rate,:sayingthat he will tectia it in Ashave learned thatbut untilwell-appointedthose mischievous steam jackets, whose un- purposes, younger days of the ship, are dispensedsky AT-IT but he ;good to be ahowever,The rajeetion of the b81 for the admisaios of and an engine-house. The first floer is occu- below the water-line have beenIt is very singular that no one wiAaato escapedtheprevijllng ScOTT-KAiusaysmar-tyisareatadie^ODatoMr*I have said that it was the intention of oar"run" therewith while the rooms above are ;Miii TT'•set " to the use and behoof" of the apartrior Court of " the Ci^ital of athe yells of theenginesgreatiyto theirpreserveus toqnestion philosophical minda> have anas our institntioas. The slavehold- of men ta be found. It is not;snrpi1sing, vicious ofinterest determined at the ootset to force therefore, that in thisbof die Bad Biver raft, by lery- Slavery upon Qiem, regardless of existing law athletes below sometimes rise and mingle the salt water outside, and extending to aa en- vicaitDKtfaatriTer. Mr.Moa- as well as of the will of the people with the notes of forensic conflict above, to larged pipe connected by a stop-cock with thewhich the mothers oftheir children, is now dry, wiiich thing is not <a,' Taxaa and Arfcatia^f may"blae," on that fine, dewy morning.only desirable, but surroundings,MMHuto bring the work of investigation to as cuANAN recommended it in a special message. ing the Court, having been taken sick in the These results, it is true, fall very far short of corps. U we continue to progress at our present our " cash,"and6«a. M. PiuJtem, ka $1,000, best three in five, from the domain of political strife. The effort them with reasonable quarters. For the pres- be solved by this remarkable voyage. The— not— bethe futest time on rscord. Ten thousand sustained, but because there were a few However desirable may the effect upon the deep-water of this maritime gianf. The should be cut ofl" immediately behind his earsBnapaition,between Flora Temple and nation, to remove this dangerous question issued a mandate to the Sheriff to providefor partiality big ships.Thaof the tail. This practice is too limitedbut'the; bowed as an Ambassador shonid, and thankedtiottinf^Batchis; it errs on the score ofat the Union track yesterday, aod re- tool^aiaee failed,ofier, sayingcoin, though cast8alta»iafir*orof flora Tevme, who won theeconomy."We advocategoingagreater—Another not uninteresting question will alsobe ofdogs may guarded against by amputation the weU to intrust the Tycoon with our cash batrecentiymonth oradversityagreatlylb retard so good a work, for the mere pur- mistaken, will, before long, insist on having in a very serious popular dla^jpointment On large ^weight attached to their heela, and we Ml|..*g»-?* raiifW;stable of ais one from W. Hthemadvea. The whale oountry has been the utter confusion judge and jury, who for boilers, furnishing the reqoisite material for the at Havre, for the reimbursement of money loftwith the fact of the hubbub that rages below them.,with tha undsntaBding tiutt ceasetesa. induatry, ao long as there was a For preserving the leather of the engine by security and speed and justify the belief on Hasov, deposited the funds accruing from his waters aa. It istha Honsa. At he was this laagthattempt gaverise. It wasthe ;in 1857. Hr.like .Ur.i bein the Olebe.escapeneceaaarythat vanprintedofitasuccess. Nomeanswereleft hosefromtheimpairingeffectofalternate the ofthe partproaecatedchanges, eom[det«Viset,whohaveeffectedthem officeandbelengiDgtotheGovernmentwithtUs Bal-ti-more,whichia thehomeofenglnearaappli- that the earlier promise of the enterprise, soand incenseThe morning of tiie 23d inst may, therefore, power, in tbe new State. This single fact Superior Court. The Judges have frequently And should the employes of tha Associatedpoesibilityhbora. Tasteiday, they held untried to accomplish it Fraud, violence, per- soakingalamdnf(atfilixsbeth,toadoptproteetiTe jury,forgery—everyconceivablecrimefound cationofanimalfats,ahugecauldronofwhich dependentupontherapidityofthemonster'sheatediaiffls amounting to over $200,000 ahamelesa disregard of tbe public wOl, te losses allemd to have beenforand atsafe-keeping, the time of theiroftenthe disoae, and the sum of &inteat hope that by their lavish use Slavery vapor to the throne of justice in tbe rooms If a rate of fourteen knots be^awotkbi whichthe origin, progress, ConstituUon seemed to have done the character from that of the T eme, if any, of the disease shall be comptonNiuBai deliversus from the hands of the Cuuiandresort is had to thehouse,and also tobyQua-kersandFiie-men. Thenweahalli«-drying,whichbelow, thatreai^ agents, ao long as there remained theI pledged fiv the expenses of preparing might be pUnted upon Kansas soil. The Le- above, whose fragrance differs somewhat in experts seem confidentiy to anticipate, there is 10 per cent, of the sum due him. The Committeeisunrealized.as theqifamiUli ana of Westchester met yesterday Senator being eager to record his suflfrage in ita ces as to leave but littie donbt thatat Whitar;Plsina, to ratify the Chicago nomina-tkm. 4tjm A. HAXII.TOII, son of AxazAiiinia behalf. The public welfare would brook no de- the unwholesome atmosphere of the place was memorable era in the history of oceanic travel coBflicts between incorrigible miggers," blood- ready owes a man called Co-vo-nn innch mnnay,i ija— and<Pieaident of thehounds and "b'ars."—An exchange says that hydrophobia inHAMciadiDB, prated. Messrs. Horace Gbuut andBepnblican ) J. PoanEB made addresses.The measureat least tiie partiallyhave andand confirm the,quiet agita- thecause,Judges longer,communication,grawingAsso-was needed toto calm the aroused sensibilities oflay.the refused to submit to the nuisancefrom any misgiving on the part ent they occupy the second floor of Tammany Commissioners of Pilots have declared the bar caudalthiaaftatheats-time,2:21; 2:24,and2:21^, ftthePro-Slaveryparty,bywhichitwasHall,atamonthlyrentof^500. atSandyHookpracticableforcraftdrawinglengthinthecurtailingoperation—thedog'stailMvapaetatorawerepresent. Thetrackwasinfine Democratsnotquitereadyorwillingtobe Tammanyofhavinglawandjusticeinitsvicini- opinionsofotherauthorities,usuallyregard- willnevermissit,andthusallthehorrorsofhy- afterbathedhisthroatwithmoney nothing,otdsr, and averythiBg passed ofif in the most satis-be As Sinus is now in dragooned into so flagrant an outrage upon ty, it certainly seems a hardsltip for an important ed as trustworthy upon such questions, have drophobia may prevented.maimer.i^ Stand Jury was impanelled, yesterday, in theCovt of General Sessions. The principal feature of Sacordei Bauaad's charge was Ids referencethsM aattwiy robbeis, declared hu intention, if institutions havetbe peo-long The temples of jus- dictumgo begging for a shelter.Two years have passed, and the scene has tice in Athens, whose very ruias were ancient clared their reluctance to attempt the passage.ple most directiy concerned.;—leave far this port en the 9th of June next Satur-We have heard, however, from a source en-Tigiliy.eoiMideiiDg this cisss of va^bonds |«rorse and rapidly, in population and in power. Her of architecture for every succeeding age. It verse opinions rested has since been de- titled to credit, that she will probably not leave gratify thee to know that they have many. Tbete tte tteket awtndlers, several of whomsUewiUbe indicted this term. The Becorder, changed. Kansas has been growing, steadily a thousand years ago, were the noblest models It is true, one condition upon which these ad-Ofleers of the Fourth Ward, for their of school teachers, came up, but—of of notoriety, and of making his forthcoming tie down to the eastward of the Central Park ?it,TbaStoA Exchange was higher by i^i ^ 'and look forward to theit is prob-the of the unimportancesubject, but from the im-justice,Kansas as the end ef aadij^Mion and vioJeR strug-He, it vrithholds the confession of his doingslongot laiiliinaa New-York Central ckaed gle of contending sections, fruilfol only of dan- appears,veriest tyroAmadi !Unintentionally we did violence tothan an Tuesday, on a moderateat aaaeiil laity unchanged rates. Wheat and Com deaf ear to the reasons of State which demand with several other cases of murder and piracy. jections to allowing a witness on the other more mistake Ur. Chcbch's treatment of sunlight, hold, O Son of Frum, when we appUed teM to: Vwen aaleable aod atMdy. Provisions were more —aftar,andPoikwasdearer. Sugarswere thepassageofthe'bill, and,trueonlytothe fiaaiy purchased. Bice was in better request. instinctof selfish domination which controlsHe is not content with assigning himself a side to proceed, by shouting with an emphasis in whatever phase, than Lord BniON's allusions to our nose, and thanked the giver, tbs oiiaiaa mtm ~-aoo^t Theotsiiiiintsinotherbranchesofbusinesswereshare m the Saladin tragedy, but insinuates a indicative of healthy lungs, "Take that wit- still lessprobableparticipationintheaffairof nessaway!wrath,nndatata.ia peitoffender to the bar, and vin- dicated the insulted dignity ofthe Court by im-{published byhad no intention of doing, but they were good aa_ handkercbiefa.1^ day*all its action, it excludes the new State be- cauae Slavery is not among its institutions, aod because Its vote will be added to the listabundantly aup-TCrtetday some of them even te overflow- of Bepublican States.qualities that go to the making up of a painter ; " "which are commandmsnta order ofTlieie vreie 460 vessels of all classesthe EudoraImogen,for which thenegronoisyand Ur. CncBCH's Twilight bears witness to a theTbe Live Stock Markets weremuch larger circle of gifts.SS^jppraim bdng Se.ft- live weight.;—Plains.tached,To this latter story no credence is at-posing a fine of $15,or in default ofpayment,The art, mayto borrow the be described as alanguageof a sistera—for aadTith^anlmals sale, prices hive gen-The admission of Kansas would undoubtedly add three to the electoral votes which will beeven those who most faith in imprisenment for two days. The most ear- by placecomposition upon..faplmedtbM at anj time since the first week of " •"*,•'?' .'°*'' 'here was not as mnchBeeves were offeredin largerhim and liis falsehood in one confession raises nest protestations on the part of the victim theme drawn from Northern New-England. Those ;banks, pine-clothed and steep, lending them a spe- Father of the Uerciful, I aubacribe myself, with cial solemnity of character. The Kennebec, far renewed assurances of my moat distioguisheAcandidate. But its *»»|*b—a«waa moderate, and sales dragged rejection will be equally certato to weigha fair presumption of his falsehood in others.that he didn't design to be guilty of any impro-Maine,peculiarIt ia dark, and the eyes of WooaiOtaa azo.^•fSf * ?"'=*' heavier now. The givenfor theRepublican&aight at a decUne of fully ic. J, heavilyjfba footed: Prime 9c.®9ii f mel aei»»ie.i. B^ar, Tc.®7ic H^i not feeders Party,in the scale the Democratic againatmeeting" "only exercisingprerogativeNorthern and Western State a«t«MtenMnd,the cattle would not bave where they have been hoping for success.example, throdgh much of its course, is a very river of twilight, hardly less impressive, thoughthan the —Id MBdi cows are t3®|5 head The ^lessitself Mr. Chcbch has given us orend will show'eal ealvee are ading b the market, it ing three votes, they have encountered theXUifttabsareplenty,andSSe.<9the Southarouse the distrusteasier than by to become the consentingversionofthisNorthernriverlife, flowing(Brazil.)PtrryCm-9.weO, A few ofthe MfBHplMrathanlastWhy he should thus set about blackening his own memory, nobody who is at all familiarpeople Illinois, of Indiana, of Ohio and with the closing scenestouching... .a:aaai«aa jaihar laaieMaof tha wants of boy- The ofof perspective,Woodhctx, i.jeetatotbe admlaalon of Kansas to the TTnion its borders,—that tbe rights of tUcjip,en account of " Us bad moral character." Hepsychologicalthe lustory of lawsuits of a man" the American »h»Unf for culiar tint of yellow-green whereof Colkbidgz ofineveryconsideration, yours, very truly,MOOBAOAXI AWAOLlast week, and sell slowly at this de-acucely possible te eleir the pens of the hazard of throwing away ten, yes, twenty gniltintheStates R. I-- Tim«m*«,.Navai.iBnSLUSKBCB.-The United llant-ComBUndhig iafftom last times as ."anAata oAred, at Ic. decline-U «^^ «arfaa)M»«Ud at 4e.«Se.many%., live present momenta most true ahd daysnoonday. ownership picture Aoill T,that,for the sake of exclud-Of hisJS. A. Johnson affair we did not talities"certainlyimposing,at themore likely than this toenlist tije hostiuty of every Western State.conclusion $1-5his of this newThe, Flag-OlBcer Sahusthat the Kansas question was a toThe craving of great scoun-visible heavensoverhead, aid leading the eyeStates brig Dolphin, on dsfa-»_a^people were aecnra, and their prompt admission into thelows is one of thoseri"aaya he la imwUling that Texas should aaso- Union absolutely certain. This vote of the tent themselves with recording. Hicks is not wool and cominghome shorn."discourses in such sweetly philosophic fashion-She So broughtcUt« wKh aoeh a State." We must that saybuta one. That ^stupid one of Ur. CnracH's finest triumphs, and confirms^^Mw ^—Pbotxctios voethxPobt )Br.;pBiS8. Senatotattis ia an WiovAu.canAowthatthemoralityofKansasSenatewillteachthemadifferentlesson.only a great Bcoundrel— Lias,G«r»,LAiaAU,6uxa,S-migriAiiandothaia,otjeetlon worth considering. If Mr.!'isis of tbe lo«est order is proved by equally energetic measures for the suppres- his title to thehe has reached inla at so low an ebb ^lat Texas>4jJattempts circumstanceshavedisplayedlatelyUiy— Waktip. Imfbisokiio WiTNissM IsyoBMAnoKcunning clumsiness of hisofdisturbancesintheirpresence,created afreshour native art.primacy'''I*"d by merely remaining in the same fed- witnesses has made a return to the Board of similaralmost ignorance of the respect they owe to the Bench His at- and to others before it. Judicial dignityfin&mwithMT her, Kansas ought to be kept out at Supervisora of the number ofdetained as much and sagacitywith roof aad braces on tkat section of and atldiiK for ptotaeUjm. Cndar daU of Jao*>eost. aexaa must bewould learnpreserved from contamination. ment lias lasted. Aj&ongst titcni is one ^t- yyi!^ fs fossibje ar« ft9r«>ngWy cliJ|tti<!t«IM- (9 lesfect t*«iRls tbut resp«ct«4 tbeni»?lv«s, llijuieiJ, tw» 9f "ieii> ouU« seiJously,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069werealreadyThe personaforethoughttempts fo make himself ont now aa black a he much enhanced, and the publicthem the Irontbe building. Two white men and two negroesSecretuy Futb nates Chat be has iltrs !ot tl» {TO^eoUop. 8!tt* route,9t-iHuadpurity af anch an Innocent as therein, and the of time their lengthimprison-could makesaOed from Monlarrideo and left in that port.the United StatM fri«»terepeatedly»«^ Com. Stmbka".thing of the try forever excluded fromhigh ofluminousatmosphereat Monievideo crulsa laa ;ted frformo_m»and"in the lives of distin- parted under escort, a sadder and wiser man, sky.^gcMic. t)., Uve no to prlnur aoh^.^ ^ of Pennsylvania have been told guished criminals wiQ think it necessary to inwardly resolving, donbt,«n.aMd4Pi^'rai Snuwaaoa.—Mr.WiorAit ob- was past,—that Slaveryendureries patientiy in future, or else redress them with his ownhand,ratherthanseekrevengeyjhichAndes," reappearsWil- der called the son was executed some years ago, at Whiteboard the Saladin at the time of thehe wastheextending the hospi-been onmutiny, and explains how be escaped being of a sovereign," failed to mollify the Judge, hanged therefor, it is safest to ascribe this who inaisted on punishing such Gross con- portion of his narrative to a desire to clothe tempt An officer put in execution the sen-explain.drels for great notoriety at thefoot ofthegal-through mileshori- to^a^ "wluch the philosophers have to con- greatestgoingIf some of our Civil Courts would adopt The treatment of the atmosphere in this picture is Squadron.^„,?^>^'home lour Invalids ».0B the^ra^conceal his sionwould be cor- —The Keeper of the House of Detention for latest crime. A monkey ar a dog would in by members of the Bar, who could not pleada note Bto ecrsFiats Ua eaUtagtoaddrMsadattention to tha denredaHona which hava been oo«- mitted by the ladlBsa oa fkr endgTant, mall and posFUntitled Documentbered,balkymyrrhwork. Notoriously the product of the basest which smoked on the altars of the goddess in at this harbor within eight days and a half in favor of reimbursing him tbe residue, as it is Amadi!every reason to expect the arrival of the ship on Foreign Belations in the Senate has reported r<rf theQuarantlBe Comnusalon- and most barbarous crimes,—^in open and ancient time. The disagreeable and noxious va- after her departure from England—an event scarcely /air to throw upon 1«inn a loss sustainedmon-Conncil-men, we ahall sul for Jeddo. JVinMapntest againstthe actionlearned that this people brought us among tkaM that they might plunder our strong boxes. Thaf have sold ns a which will not Boon-thevirtue of—TheYice-Pre.sidentof the United Statesendearment which ate common vritli— ^itIt may surprise thee, O Bon of Frumhad, pors recognizingpervadebuildinglong now definitely fixed tor Thursday of next week.r the boning of the Quarantine bnild- nevertheless,IkBlini. ISM. Counsel, appearing on be- Slavery aa a social institution, and a political business has required their attendance at tha witness the stranger at anchor in our waters.Bsaid of Snperrisns of Bichmonda fonuliaam, claiming that the statate,terms offight Orientals. But our souls are vexed. We havasavingand Mr.a main of cocks at Waahington next week, in the presence of a large and fashionable Wethe entirehavewithout any fault of Us own.! that la addressing thee,. MooaAOAKi has onutted fksthatbeen the subject of comment by those whosethrong.are not without hopes that this Interesting occur- iiaifc Hifi'lTliii aasnme to act, ia nnconatitn- pulse of remorse. It rendered tbe immediate midst of such disturbing and unwholesome no reason why, vrith telegraphic aids, we rence will be followed up by a match between a"of the Cityfortwo He de- days.and onunder agorgeoustwilight grandly""f**^" and P""guest«TWfbridge, Ueut-Com.did such wonders in the "Heart of the steamer Ueut.-Com. MAC0»fcTMPW«K, ^.* ?|°S3 -?way-layshipCape Bace,ay nWair, TJie OoUbk •>at«r.andwill kaoeeadsa. the Altkootk ad*idngproper.fitaa Tankee iiBmigration, sock >s has peopled fore, clearly entitled to be informed by Mr. and wheels and screws, its vast vistas of sa- fapt could be accounted for the of »-« *^ "^ "'^ '*TM" »»•" its Kansas. The anstere settlers from HlsalMrp- Watxbbcbt why this case of receiving stolen loons,intending to bow wltk ha 9m Tyoooo of tUa peepb : «gpsteadiness,Alabama, lAoisiana, and otiier Sonthera goods," in which an innocent witness has for ageability, bad all been the aubject of deemed.Kpfiii ihi (RUavnUilitbUAedoa tha States bave bean akaoked and. aoandalised by rix months been held in cnstody, was not exaggerated statement, and of pictorial one can devise a better plan foromamanting'" A«PotUAm N>*-—A fewof England beat within the limits of a twenl. foot ring, the fingers of Britannia boiud the•ivef tetnm topi,ttefteedoBandUeeaaeofNewInlandman- broDgbtU)trialfivemontliaago!necessarylaiamg,«• know that we annera. TUmn and God-fi8«riag Miaaisaippians areiatimidated and tUagusted by the profane lan-guage, ttte fierce passions and the readyose of theknifeaAdterolTer,oathepartofUieiraei^- casesbeenKftuntriedforfonrmontiiawealization.; and which actual experiment and insfioction could only have put to shame. ThewhichIrana-AUantiavoyage, added to the denuHkput, we should Uke to hear straageta.arson ia,the dela^ In which Mr. WATaaBtmr Is not re-sponaildebutwhyhavetliesa two murder fmishapsprovidentially pos^ionedthethrobWngK^ aballbeadvaaeedtolMMtittaWl W^presume,that ofSHXPHno, for1^ feeBaga hart and hla fears aroused, on more would be monstrous abuses, even if no one to bring with it the raciness of a fresh sensa- blessed change has suddenly come over the sceae. the Moon woald feel most Migi« in next -_trial were inconve- tion, and the pleasure of a satisfactory disap- bit when they involve the pointment Nor is the substitution of New-SAKiBAiDi has his pitchedinto theIt is needless to aay, O, aon ofFmm, thatouslioan Senators of the same school. A sensl- imprisonment of innocent witnesses while thetiTe, seholarlymaa, of studious habits, retiring accuaed is often at large on bail—it is high tion, the least of the advantages flawing from diatribe againat Bepublics in general, a^d that of U-ni-ver«e. On requesting that renowned aaa*bullyingthat itto Bos-ton, which dty U also caUed« '.,aod fastidious temperament, such as Mr. time that light were let in upon them. We the protracted delay. America incount of Us stewardship, but they muat not Leviathan since last Autumn.Costingourcousinsoverthewaterhaveatlaatwaked consciousness tiiat the arena for noble deeds is nottion. ItisthecapitalofNew-Sy-iand,andiiaa tains Kaa-ea-chn-aetta within its boaooi.The philoaophen of Boaton are oalabiatei' thraughont the land, and eapaeiaUy are thay ivandbediscouragedbyone&ilnre.Onr Temples of Justice.outlay of $125,000,theyhave, itappears,toa that there ara dearer things hi„ 'tko bepleaaant ThtfBim~In the northeaat comer of thepugilist'sPark,sway at Washington, it will be the relentless est edifice, the second story of which is reached genUeman, whose correspondence with thesityofdisplacingtheoligarchywiiichbearstopped by surrounding buildings,often tailed i^an paala of high honor. To be made a mir-tyr ia a —«f%over- standsamod-in thesonthem part of the Uafdom, whete Qm.York for Portiand, as its cis-AUantic destina-&rl Gbxtmatterednot. Itwasmeanttocoavev Hnb-of-tha-and Kami, Scon, to tell oaWioFAU is known to be, can Iiardly be blamed hope the Board of Superrisora wHl not let this Elsewhere in this paper is reptdiliahed a cess in overthrowing the monarchy of old Bomba, named, he replied that It was full of spntiaMaBwhyfor dreading a fresh influx of swaggering, blis- matter drop. They have made one inefl^eatoal highly interesting account of the various and even the English Pieaa for the moment muz- surrounded by fel-loea, and waa also a vaty On-,fulfilled abundantiy the exacting require- the Prize and Bing,suppliedtheonly judicioustech-phenomenon.Hear him:The rainopeningsin the bulkheads sup-thave addedin thaSupe- power, without an increase of fuel. Tbe don-theirThe editor of the Chicago Record can discuss it hihis next lecture, and the audience will be enabledreqidrementsParis,wholly obtained,the Government, which thus sustained no loss; andhehassincereceivedadividendamountingtoaa thouafvr ia««taataweathvOttyits by aterility speed. Its man- aoil of the Park, and the little cultivation th«^lAldermen. If Thecaseof effort,whichfarexceededallpoaaibilityofre- CityHallgrounds,orabatterusetowhicbments of the Board of Trade. The ma- life to be striven for than theof thewere very distinctiy indicated by the scientificjoritydefectsthus remedied—The editor of thewith which it wields whatever rem-nantofpowerlasofferedtoremaininitshands. menthouses foroneofwhichitmightbemis- nicalcriticismofthevesselpresentedbythe whichhadfallen duringthe pravionsnight had ferredwithatyrannyby stairs on the outside in the manner of tene- —much coveted mandarins of Boston, but aa the diatinetim ia caa-Times laat yearresemblanee^ita exte- Press on either side of the ocean. Of coursediscovered a"by;reputationforfaltpiay&aaem asthough we attempted to teach them to chaw t*. bacco, we have a plan of ornamentation to agarmaymneh a woik of sapnsrogatioa tM't.y bore tolerior fruit to thoae of Niphon, but lU^S^I^ZJ^ 2nT"L V***^Aldermen can behim before the arrival of theyipIt" YatiaMavAcaneaoftUda^i ••e to mphoB baa ptavwied; it isifflte for the poiiBe food, aUtkgotFamborough.intarrupta himaelf in aat dewy morningsays theyleetniingMarengo. In taking a view one fineweeks^cetheleap HBudo aiiownedierewaid|acfreahaaedthe and foliageaadmade rope, every- a mar-tyr now infailure the amoantthns was depositelPiiH-a-del-phia,ia onlyinhahitad the Island of Voir-time-bug go. without effect. Kahi says the hands have struck, and that it ia should not present the readers of the Times of pair of bull terriers, provided by the President and not tcorth-a-dam, which means that it is a " verrtJaaC The taluig of testimony, preliminary to admission of the State notthe itljalliaf of claims for losses, was enteredmoti, and a rjaolntipn passed to hold daily ses- a matter of the highest necessity. Mr. Bo- At length several jurymen, and others attend- June 19 with news in five days from London. Gen. Cass, for the entertainment of the diplomatic bad tokay." And the Tycoon wishes to borrowwill, nevertheless,He al-and says, he hopes that Co-vo-Dx it. may getFor this reason Sim-io-bu-J'EK did not think itday.more form is—ife has become ent, to be so far behind antiquity itself in this the wheel with as entire submission as a ferry siNO & Baldwin are the Parispossibilityofdeterminingiftheyhaveany. Itwillacquiredcaaaa oCIaicaoy aad assault and battery nKre tried motion has ceased to disturb her peace. The metropolis in woodsheds, engine-houses or the channel at the entrance of this harbor are un- TsaliaD^y. jAuaHAanisoN,convictedbfgrandany aCfhiaa were comieted before him, to $end politicaltMiJlLflM JStete Prison for the longest period and consistency, her social lthat'fwlaw would allow. Several stf|eoty]>ed more settled and established, internal com- respect, as to hold the Courts national boat or a skiff. But the windings of the ship-difference between the two principal sects is only a question of water, one sprinkling tbe brow at the convert with a few drops, wtiile the other aajxaa the believer by tha seat of his toitH aad plontaa hiai into a running stream. For the pnrpoaea ot purification, the latter is undoubtedly the beat.—agentsfor thiswas aent to th« State Prison for four people have framed a Constitution, through chambers of a tavern. If a tithe of the public pleasantiy abrupt, and the water, at the high- ytna. -1^ other eases, being those of minor of- delegates chosen by themselves in strict ac- money that finds its way into the private purses est stage, barely deeper than the most modest "Mr.Church'sLastPicture. Whether the rule holds good in Art, thatlan,i|B|,ieneaa^aabjectedtheculpiitstovarioustermsin the Poiltentiary and City Prison.cordanceit has been of the reception committees and other mu- demands of the withtheformsoflaw—;visitor and should the ;evilcommunicationscorruptgoodmanners,"we andwerealittle addedtothe it soap ceremonygreatratified by an immense majority of the inhabi- nicipal sponges of the Common Council attempt at the last moment be abandoned, theshall be able, perhaps, next year to decide, whenwould be indeed worthy of praise. Several depu-As Ambitiocs Desperado.and not each man choose that which ha maybiogtaphy.y,ThasaiaMf Cotton wegre mote extensive, yet forbids it! It repudiates its own sentiments possible that it may be from the same view he witness, a Mr. Gross, having given his own qualities,—and various skillful pilots have de-—The Great Eastern is still advertised to:in an like the cided in favor of the vessel it obeysuntil the 14th. We understand that Messrs. Las-certainly disgraceful age pres-Hicks isa work of thrilling interest.evi- inter- mammoths compel the foreign shippingJeddo,of a vessel.the few artists, who, having any manner of theirmo^Icatlon to tbe Bobrd of Education last even- tants, and has been sent to Congress as the could he employed in the erection of public approach from Long Island Sound will be own, have exposed that manner to the contagion ligions, but as they all seemed to believe that they ing; isManmending that the home study system basis oftheir application for admission into the buildings, the City might be as rich in archi- the enly alternative'. It is a matter worthy of of thif year's Academy exhibition, shall once possessed the true light, and were happy in theThe City Superintendent of Schools s^nt a com-he aadmly shaiAned in tlie Primary Depart- Union. The desire is universal the tectural beauty as it is now in unseemly piles grave consideration how far this development more come before us with a twelve-month's work.tations have waited upon us from the different re-among people of the Union, that this application should be granted. Not a woft of opposition to it has been heard from any quarter. Men of all par- unment arrived before any action ties and of all sections concede its essentialwe did not endeavor to convert them to the tnitas of Buddha. For, behold, are theie itat. many roads in Niphon, each of which laada t*iiMiiliniiil in the Upper De-thought,llliliaiilyHhf|waa.telanad to the Conunittee fltadba.: ne resolution censuring—how wisely,denUy desirous of ending his days in a blaze est to follow the movement, and set- may satisfy the observer. Tiiis picture is as little pleases ? And the arms of Niu Bai ara vridoof building materials.may affect the present location of oui shippingMr. Chcbch wisely evaded the trial ;his latest picture, yesterday privately exhibited to a discerning few at Gocpil's rooms in Broadway,business. Will ttie fashion of these commercialup-tovm—A Case oe Gkoss Cohtk-mpt. ^In the Courtlike the " Heart of the Andes," as is like twilightare shall wa many paths :andStateStocltawerefirmer.geranddisastertothewholecoimtiy.Tbeonboardthesloop,withmotive-Aewofincreas-Sessionsyesterday,duringthetrialofaprose-onitinthepalaceofsomeHyperboreanPrince. senteduswithslipsofpaperlikeuntoa dullffiT JiafilEiM 111 Miaiaj or Exchange— day Democratic Party in the Senate interposes and ing the demand for his memoirs, and it is not im- cution for assault and battery, tiie complaining This is one of Mr. Chitbch's permanently great the handkerchiefs which our people uaftthat hispiiees weM undtwed. Flour was in &]r demand and arguments of two years ago. It turns a is throviing out dark liints of his connection testimony in the case, manifested decided ob- his own language in his own way. You can no this we thought was done in our honor. BBt,ko-.^;tkeyfashion of this But weoftiptheoryexcellent,cap go uppaiticnlar, to wish Gabibaldi suc-itvraa thasof thesurrounding"cotmtry," heyear1900 see anmay people.mark a and amphitheatre at Washington for the exhibition of he is a bad and not to be trusted. very important " man,thesea. inHe pounded me too." The Becor- But fine as this quality is, it ia only one of the have since learned that tha papeia weta " tiacta,*!-who know the rivers ofUntil he furnishes further proofs of his having priety, but supposed that in " speaking out In their deeply-channeled beauty is their maasive weary. Commending thee to the care of thaSaguenay rather of Baltimore,There is no issue that he couldn't earn tbe — from Moaiavldeo aad 44 from St.tence of the Court, byhimselfwith "mysterious interest"more. which need any confession. The proof was clear as arrived, with very littie calculation, to the who kindly allows us to share for awhile, arrived at tills sort yesterday moniiB«. Catherinea." of theprison totheman,who hadhe has Mr. givenWaiixbs,brigPtny,inju-in the " Twilight," lifting die and men of the squadron were aU- „7 irST-picture,silentlyIhe same astonistdng powerUnitedStatesirazU. Tb-; /^'iiTl^d si^age•r»i«F-«a<.tBfaaB) phenomena at law. His was not the first instance in zon quivering with light, and alive with that pe- f ^' P'^JJ^f"know how —f'Wtnre to say that the ezbtUtlan would betoall,dis8atiafactorytonone. It is true that «» T^^ ?"« bartarian woaaaii. < Japanese might tMnk that tiie trees of tUa c«» ** **"^ *^"ltftmm,\About one hundred feet of the wall of the New.would Orleansgas-worksfellonthe1stinst.,briugingdoan expressrootsbstwaenSa/,];,akaaadCaraoaTaliay>tafllbelt.ChicagoRecordbaabeen Scorr-KAKi aregrass,it ia notNow we can readily divine readysaysneighboring houses aesUed in warm weather, and tiiat he ia toaaMgr^above us and the among. the trees."andImprovements above, open exposed, managed to that our will behoU the "-'' -rf «how theverdigris tint—theywerenestledamangthetreesbayneighboringhouses—^Among the private claims pending ia Con-menakall have replenished it, and we hava «C<franca.He paid the whole sum ont of his own funds to fresh onr soulsthe of Flotd, Secretary War,are tolate7,624;hestrangeland. Bn-CHAK-AKsaid whis-ky,tomorning and the North like the Soath. Yet, the not let this people travel theirs in peace ! Namotpencilcould not hesitate ainconnoisseurahipmoment aa to the Authorship, were he to stumble the feelings of a female devotee. She pre-twwrseta araof and one consideration,t.ofi^ .ofour toitkit, which I am told is the iialiliaaiiYork, which,is thethence. If the beaaBcaotAm this ia the principal feature of fta Otf,IConsul onr visit is deferred tmtil the laioa of TfiiaiaaGaOBOX-LAW-KAMi from ;will make the akiea^- " '(» ••' Flaf.Of4iMbhim for hisin the moulds of Niphon, was better than none,that our andthatitwasnotwelltobewithoutina butaoea andintUs pleasant and courteous ceremony the Pttaeeaspread ;hisfeetthereis his own, and ^' speaks save that words were delineated upon tiiam;e1, IaSnSd £brSo?ughtTf«ro"mrnF' P'"f l2landcalledas Wa on-con-var-ted'Jaws Ito all that they strangersandmay be warned against endeavoring to lead tUo people from tha ftuth of their fathers. Thii w»-»-Mikado,given^ '-' www.fultonhistory.com iasfaji-f-'^'.-^^jrt^ii^