 NEW YOBK HERALD.fNEW YORK HERALD, SOmkf, XQmaMk% I860.tm late Sw«tn.-Progmeame of a Vmn Effect e f • DIMOI• tton o f t m s FJsUwW of the world, whattoshe now? Pride goes be POLITICAL tawMMBW Avoiro TIE Srium-\L- 8BWABO urn m FoRnio«hs—A Two-Jilll0 O 1 D O I1«DB G K I K T T ,In another column the reader will find a re-fil onr obligations to the Southern States it cannot be destroyed; but if we fail to do sothrow away the advantages of ourwhich makes New York the Constantinople ofthe New World, we ought not and cannot withreason expect any other result thantilat whichis foreshadowed in the article from the! Charles-sibly be obtained from any source as to the abeorbkof topic of the hour-the result of the Presidents election wo lately directed one of our reporters to wait upon the seers, who are llMlUlawli by *.*• Judge Edmonds, t a d ascer- tain what was thought of the matter in the spirit world. As 1 udge Edmonds is a leading man in the republican ranks, the mediums natu- rally incline in that direction; bat they have been no terribly humbugged lately by bad spirits that they declined to give any opinion astotheresultoftheelection. Thethingwas altogether too close, even for the spirits. Our reporter, in order to got something for kteIcet an opportunity of lauding the foreign ele- nwot He once went so far as to say that he had no longer any faith in nta own ooontry- men, andthathenceforthhisreliancewouldho on the German, the Frenchman, the Dane, the Englishman, the Irishman, the Scotchmia and theSwede. All this was because he spoke in a region where the foreign element If it did not predominate,wassi leastverypowerful. Biternes v. w. COBKKB or rviaov ravum,ANB NASSAU 8TS.mAmomtSj'wtfixLagton "there is no doubt that the President has markable article from the Charleston Mercury. become thoroughly alarmed;" that « hitherto entitled "Our Merchants and Mechanics." Its:< *llf£S?Jem<mmfkiUtjUmmmUmefton; and these Northern cities carry on the foreign trade for the Southern cities, and growOur merchants and their employes, ourmechanics and artisans, our manufacturers andthehandsemployedbythem,theownersofreel estate, our laboring population, and everyclass and interest, would suffer. The interior ofthtoj State, whichfindsNew York so good a con- money, had np some of the " fathers," and in- sumer of its produce, would participate in the«<•«•,mUttmiMmmmewmttrofm*«woerM; hmrmilmmwi /or. SsV-O** h aP l H M A l Ui ( . ( i W 1 0*.MOMOTlCMi t- *wrm r^eemtfrees 'be Cab net and go home.The prevailing tone and temper of theSouthern political journals, since therecentelections in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana,had prepared us for this semi-official Informa-South for its cotton, tobacco, rice and sugar; whereas, in the event of the Union being dis- solved, the Southern cities would carry on their own foreign trade, taking it away altogether from the North, and would receive the manu- facturedgoodsoftheOHiWorlddirectinre-tmnmmUutimt ADrMXTUZMJBXTS rmewdmery <*•*; •rrtai m tm f w u Hnuu, FAULT HHAI*.<'uWonrie <M4 AWOJMMamttmt,misfortunesofitsbestcustomer. ABforMassa-chusetts, with her barren hills, what would shebe witiwut a market in the South for her menu-faotures. when the South, thrown back upon all hazards—and was much grieved that her{own resources, availed herself of her abun- some of his former partisans had deserted dant water power, her raw materiejfe on the to the enemy. He sent words of comfortt/mimVettP&IJiTIJft.Mo. 301*BOWBBV -SrAunns 4 looaia lovomiA* TvounLWALLACE'S THSATBB, Bwedway.-mriKG WKa f 1KB.LiL'BA KIBlnrS THIATSS. Wo. SM Broadway— PHYSIC A»B FASCT-CHrsoractKO TxaAU.tionofthesameimport;andeawehavenowevery reason to apprehend that the secession of turn for their products, at a cheaper rate thanXXV.i i u t n a m TO MOBBOW nvEKUCa.several of the Southern States will follow close they do now, under a tariff law protecting theNorthern manufacturers against the competi- upon the heels of Lincoln's election, the ques- tion of England, France and other foreigntion recurs, what is the programme of the countries. The result would be that theKIMUW BAIDE*. WTWTBBOARDIitOUTAUmnuusc-ToOsuanBMTSOK.leaders ef this disunion movement? From Intel-ligentprivatesourcesweunderstandthatthisspot, her cheap food and cheap labor, with and encouragement to those who remained true whijoh theNorth could notcompels? Andif to the Union,the constitution and the laws.it m otfrnHtn A> AS aw JUSiMI *^ *•'"LJ^Z *i***»>—*IBBSIisher \be raw material. W e to orKBW BOWBBV THBA TBB. Bowery.—WOU. l o V B LOVKKS—LOTTKRT TlCKBT—DOOOUO fOK APitcaMt— W l l * .departure of Paine the trance medium wasBAjajroira AJUEIOAJI sresmrM. Broadway—.- Daraad »T»IMJ£-&IAM»M Twin, U\ i«u CuBiosmas, Ac.—#ossmBBVA!ITB> BIK8TBBLS, Neohtnloi' Han, i n Broadway.- Jiiti*-vici,(osw,DAMBS.AC-USBDUr.WIBU/S S1LOOK, Bro*d way —H0.-u.1rH'< r . c u in BTBIOTIAX 8O!H;.S, B0KL«v<rES, OA»CK>, e c — IJOVL • L i a u o u v .OAWTBKBOBV BX«UO BALL. 463 Broadway.—SONGS, DAMCICS; BVI:LK3*»»IS, AC.WowYork,Su Nortmber A,I860.bama,onsatisfactoryinformation of Lincoln'selection, will issue his proclamation calling forthe election of a State Convention to determine very reasons now assigned by their most in- the question for that State of submission or se- fluential organ. Bat the argument that to so cession; and that the Governor of Mississippi cogent and so logical to the Southern cities for will, in a similar manner, bring her people di- a dissolution of the Union to, or ought to be, rectly to tin tame issue. equally convincing to the Northern cities toSardinian Minister at S t Petersburg had re-ceived his passports. We do not believe that contingency. Jackson was for the Union, by canTM* News.The steamer Prince Albert, which left GalwayHow do the intelligent naturalized citizen HorrjftoseeacounterpoisetoFrancesetupin shefeltasortofcreepingsensationandwasofthislandtikethepicturewhichMr.adtriterrogated them as to the duty of patriotic voters in the present crisis. With his usual promptitude, Henry Clay came first He was strong for theUnion—the Unionatsold on the 18th for $9,400 to the California SteamNavigation Company. There was no possibility ofsaving the vessel, but it was supposed that the en- rated government, with tariff regulations, put-Wesley, after having played the bull, the bear and the spread eagle at a grand figure, turned up one fine morning a lame duck, and in thetelegraphic summary of the news. A hill hadpassedtheHouseofRepresentativesofOregonde- intothiscomprehensiveideaofanindependent, signedtonullifythelateCongressionalelection,when a Breckinridge democrat was elected by the homogeneous Southern republic.wails common Mate aad Western brands dalL Wheat eaatlaaed to rale with Una-They ought to pray for the Chevalier Webb,TUB SIXTH OOHOBMSIOMAL Dimicr.-Tho stances favored them. Change tilt circum- that in case Lincoln should be elected he may trust that the movement will be generally 461 withoat change of moment, while the aalat about $00 a $M aha*. Coffee was quiet batdWate. The people, however, have got tired of little or no account Liverpool, then not from its sins, for they are capital and deadly, sands of voters employed in the numerousUntitled Documentwheal, hi balk aad ship's tags, to Liverpool, at lad a IfXd.end 6,000 enaOsBj do, m ships bag*, ati«x<L,its demise may be tranquil, and that it may get port of the country. Circumstances have a decent funeral, like Bill Poole's.www.fultonhistory.comTuesday next, and we shall not be surprised to see the Union majority swelled to an incredi-fourteen or thirteen slave States; that SouthernSomthera CeanlMtoimejr.Our readers will have seen, from our tele-graphic advices ef the other day, that at Washforeafall. Let us not be tee confident thatnothing can destroy our prosperity. If we ful- Ik* public til the information that could pos-he has trusted that, however threatening theportents might be, the crisis would oot occurobject to to show that the merchants and me chanics of the Southern cities, and particularlyuntil alter the expiration of bis term;" but that of Charleston, would gain immensely by a Secretary Cobb, who returned some days ago dissolution of the Union; that at present Nor-programme will be:—First, the conditional se-cenwonofSouthCarolina, byact of her new theNortherncitieswouldgrowrapidlypoorinctrulMtioe, ••« cmuaoiI*. which w e murfct KnrfWM ~Legislature, which is to meet in Columbia on the day of the Presidential election to elect her Presidential electors, and to do suoh other things as the crisis and "the safety of the State may* require." Secondly, that, under existing legislative instructions, the Governor of Ala-we brtif 10 ourIn the next place, it is believed that Georgia, maintain the Union intact by every legitimateFlorida, Louisiana, Arkansas and Texas will means. The union of the North with the South readilyco-operatewithSouthCarolinaandher isthesourceoftheirprosperity,forbythateither one event or the other, supposing the the Eternal—the Union above and before all.people," because you are "incapasto of appreciating the rights Of American cituen- ship." Andfinallyhelikensyouremignaos to the importation of "the ignorant and ban fromChina."union the North reaps immense profits upon certtheywillestablishthenucleusofaSouth Southernproducts,bydoingfortheSouthItstattertobetrue,willexercisetheslightest influence in the settlement of Italy, as denned inCountCavour'srecentspeech. RussiaishotThe medium had only partially recovered from the terrible shaking up given her by the Hero of the Hermitage, when she declared thatseceding associates; and that thus acting in con-foreign trade, and thus accumulates capital night on Friday, bat owing to some obstruction to inauguration. The President oannot interfere which enables the North to establish manufac-onthe23dalt.,arrivedatSt.Johns,N.F.,atmid-eraconfederacyonorbeforethedayofLincoln'sbe the line of action on the part of Englandand France; for in every point of view it istheir policy, as commercial, maritime and manu-facturing States, to encourage the dissolutionof this overshadowing Union. England could losses in escaped fugitive slaves by doing her afford to pay some millions of money to establish an independent confederacy of oar Southof the New York Times, was also the fancy stock agent on 'Change of the Albany Weedof money by the operation.We dare say that under a Southern confede-tured goods of other nations free of duty ? A s long as the population of the interior of the Southern States were let alone in the enjoymentgregation ofterritorycan make i tIt will tarn oat, we are convinced, thatthe establishment of home manufactures, enterBut even a Dutchman in Wall street may besometimesledastray. VanShaickwillbear trol,andwecanpromisehimthathecanlauachl p « * i n * Commercial North a n d SowtIt.Ottteeo fimm1 lis Impahwd by natural anxiety te give to FAr»FourioiAM.--Whon Seward was out tat the West, making his stump speec has, he neverfrom Georgia, has disturbed even this consola- folk, Charleston, Savannah and Mobile are buttion by the assurance that that State is prepared suburbs of New York, Philadelphia and Bos ton Mercury.to go frith South Carolina, and withdraw her-self from the Union upon the election of Lin-coln;andthattheSecretary,withtheseces- wealthynotonlybythattrade,butbytheir sion or Georgia, will be compelled to withdraw manufactures, which they exchange with thewhat are the man's real sentiments?look tor them, not to his stump speeches, when hisobjectiscajolery,buttohtospeechestotie Senate, where it to presumable that he wai guided by hto senatorial sense of dutyAnd there what do we find? In a speech on thetariff questionwhichhemadeintheSeute of the United States, last June, he said, speak- ing of the European immigration tocoansettoa withmanufactures:—Whatever there is efsrteaei, of art aad ef «*—*- thAl M an*toyed ia U « M imumm m***»c*rmL Lad ail the beaaftu of ooatetr roKt^tuL!?'-!?*£*EEf *.tl.:e,,r»<y*to«*Z MM wf yt4tf ieoorert, VMKORA T*M\Southern cities, whose prosperity to so slow and lingering, would grow rapidly rich, andher! factory population, according 10 Wendell rhUlips,arenowInaworseconditionthanthe negroes at the South, and if they became so mutinous from the effects o f the panic! o f 1857, whit would they be and what would they be- come if the catastrophe should happen which the republican party are precipitating upon the country? There to a terrible reckoning and a heavy retribution in store for those who are now so busy loosing the ties and ligaments whichbindtheNorthandtheSouthtogether.TusWARSAWCONKEREXOE.—Agooddealofanxiety to being expressed by the Europeanpress in regard to the Conference at Warsaw.Tbif has been increased by the report that theNext came Tom Paine, who said he had a gooddeal to do in the old times with pulling downgovernments—that that, rather than nettingthem up, was his business; besides, he had aclaim on the Continental Congress which wasnever settled, and altogether he was in favor ofbreaking up the concern. Directly upon the Chens- tmproportion, and continue poor and stationary instead of advancing.This to undoubtedly true, and to a powerful appeal to the inhabitants of the Southern sea- board cities to use every means in their power to bring about a dissolution of the Union. The citizens of Charleston andof SouthCarolina have long been in favor of this measure, for thehai been m *m&imm mmnc,cy wtaea Ou *AjfcAthe hew Italian kingdom, and the more power- seized with mortal fear. These disagreeable 8eward draws of them? And will they the telegraph wires the news coalJ not be trans- until some overt act of nullification of the fede tures and reap a second harvest from the ful it becomes the more effectual will be the symptoms were occasioned by the approach of be cajoled by hto false and hypocriticalmitted to this city till last evening. The intelli- ral laws or compact shall have been committed, South, not only In the natural profit of the curb it will impose on French ambition. the spirit of Maximilian Robespierre, who re- laudations of them in the West! Hers, in-geaee, however, possesses but little importance. and, when committed, the intervention of the manufactured articles sold to her, but in the The Conference of monarchs at Warsaw had federal government must take the form of a mili- additional profit of a higher price extorted by commenced its deliberations. Its sittings were tary movement to suppress an open rebellion. means of a tariff, preventing the free competi-France herself has lost the control which she plied to the queries put to him by asking seve- deed, to a two-faced politician; and view kin endeavored to maintain over the course of ral others. First, he desired to know if there which side you will, you find in him nothing ! events in Italy* and if the Pope leaves Rome had yet been any insurrection, worth mention- ' but deceit hypocrisy and false pMlanthropy.limited to two days. Any movement of this sort we know would, tion of foreign goods. This to the immense she will have to withdraw her troopsfromthe ing, since the republic was founded. Receiv- Those foreigners who are flattered with beingThere is nothing new from Italy. The result of from the first collision of arms, bring price the South agreed to pay for protection of the vote on the annexation question in Naples had her interests when she entered into the Union. not beea ascertained. all the remaining Southern States, except, per-Italian peninsula. She oannot deny to the uni- ing a negative reply, the Seward of the Reignversal demand of the Italian people the posses- compared to "the Ignorant and base from of Terror wished to know whether or not the China," and those American citizens who feel At London consols were quoted at 92$ a 92J for haps, Delaware, Maryland and Missouri, to the But if the North, from ignorance of its own in- sion of their ancient capital, from which fifteen election of Lincoln would be liable to stir up complimented by being told that henceforthmoney. In the Liverpool markets cotton was rescue of the seceding coalition. With this terests, from fanaticism, and through the ras- centuries age they dictated laws to the world. rebellion, create civil war, overturn the foun- Seward's trustto in the foreigner, are expected quiet but firm, while breadstafis had slightly ad- disunion movement thus strengthened, the only cality of politicians, who merely use the The Pope's voluntary departure will! deprive dations of our social and political institutions, to go up to the polls on Tuesday and vote forFaneed. sensible thing which the federal government anti-slavery sentiment to reach the spoils her of all pretext for thus outraging the na- and cause a great deal of trouble, poverty, The steamship Europa, from Liverpool and could do would be to give it up and recognise of office, but now find it like a horse tional will; and that the Pontiff to about to take crime and distress. When informed that suchLincoln. The foreigner andthe nativeborn who despise such sentiments will probably know how to vote. With themselves be itde Grammont, as well as the fierce invectives wise, the country was in no danger,uttered daily against the Emperor by the either from foreign foes or domesticFrench bishops. dissensions, Robespierre declared himself in troublesome of all the vexed questions connect-edwithItalytothefuturelocationofthePapal Assuming, however, lor argument sake, that favor of Lincoln. He regretted that we had See. victor Emanuel insists upon having ROOM the Warsaw Conference has been convened in not introduced the guillotine in the United as the capital of hto new Italian kingdom, andwas lost on the 10tn*ult As the weather was very thick and a fresh gale blowing, and no pilot boat in eight, the captain, at three P. AC, anchoredQneeustown, arrived at Halifax on Friday night last.By the arrival of the pony express at St. Josephon Friday afternoon, we have received news fromthe separate nationality of this Southern con- with loose reins, almost beyond their control— this step we have evidence in the insulting lan- a state of things might be brought about by federation. if the North will not render the quid pro quo guage used by Cardinal Antonelli to the Due the election of Lincoln, but that other-Ban Francisco to the 20th nit, and later accountsfromOregonandBritishColumbia.* confederacythepartiesconcernedwouldbeThe vessel reported as having been wrecked off the harbor of San Francisco was not the ship Meteor, but the steamer Granada, Capt. Howes,sore to command the co-operation of England and France. The argument is that, as a war for the subjugation ef the South would inevitaWe learn, too, that it is extensively under for which she is paid so well; if two-thirds of stood in the South that in behalf of a Southern her States have by their Legislatures and by their judicial tribunals nullified the compact of the constitution to restore fugitive slaves, and if they make an issue against the South going intothecommonterritoryoftheUnionwithWHAT TO Do WITH THE POPE.—The mostasensehostiletoItaly,ittoabsurdtocontend States—itwassomuchmoreexpeditiousthan hasservednoticeofejectmentonthePontiff, Whichleftthisportonthe1tthofJulylastSheblysofarunsettlethewholeSouthernsocialherproperty,consistinginsievelabor,thatEnglandtolikelytolinkherpolicywithitsthegallows—andseemedmuchpleasedwhenIttoapitythatsomesucharrangementcouldshe should now, through her organs, announce her intention to stop the payment for protec- tion which she does not receive, to secede from the Union, and to indemnify herself for herown foreign trade and manufacturing for her- self, if shefindsit more profitable to do so thanfeat any aggressive projects that the French Emperor may entertain by assisting to rendersans will be disposed to deny.Thequestionarises,wheretotheHolyFather to go? Jerusalem has beenSsuggested; bat be- tween the Greek and Latin fanatics and the Protestant missionaries he would soon be ton to pieces. He cannot take shelter with any oftheCatholicPowers,fortheywouldusehimfor baa been for several years employed in the South- footing with other foreign Powers, the South they were satisfied to let the North grow Italy, as sketched out in the programme of McElrath, formerly the great financier of the their own purposes, and bring the PontificateernandCaliforniamailservice,andwasinJuly woulddrawfromEnglandandFrance,inmanu- wealthyupontheprofitsoftheirwealth;but CountCavour,thantoarriveatsomeArrange- Tribune,who could, perhaps, tell all intogreaterdiscreditthanbefore. Forhio lastsentoatwiththeMosesTaylortoformanewfacturedarticles,fiftymillionsormoreperwhenthemottooftheNorthtonolonger"livementbywhichitmaybefacilitated.Byre-California line. She was valued at $150,000, and annum than are now expended in "Yankee no- about i t A t all events the Wall street opera- there to 00 Elba, where a temporary exilethere was no insurance on her. and let live," but death to Southern institutions commending the cession of Venice to Sardinia tor of the Albany gamblers of this day to one would bold out to him the hope of a restora- TiesteamshipCortessailedfromSanFranciscotions"underourexistingtarifflaws.Thusweandprosperity,whichtolikekillingthegooseforasuitableindemnity,theConferencewouldVanSchaick,whoseDutchancestorswentuptiontohtorankasasovereignprince.Hehasship in order to save their lives. The wreck was ern States, for she oould make many millions to take in return for her staples the manufac- the new Italian kingdom as powerful as the ag- and Regency gang of stock gamblers. Butthe meeting of sovereigns at Warsaw hasginescouldberemoveduninjured. TheGranada tingourNorthernconfederacyonthesame oftheirrightsguaranteedbytheconstitution. forobjectleestoopposetheconsolidationof eveningadeadcockinthepit TherewasoneOn the 20th ult, for Panama, with $911,600 for New York, $60,000 worth of silver ore, and 250 pas- sengers.see that the protection of the institution of slavery against the overwhelming and still in creasing abolition power of the North is not thethat laid the golden eggs, it to time for the Southern people to look to their own interests and to take measures for their own protection.relieve Austria from the humiliation of making 1 to Albany, and settled there before Hendrik such a proposal herself, and would put an end Hudson discovered the North river route to to a% further apprehensions of a revolution or that ancient city. Van Schaick was a hit Ato make a choice for all time, for on his dec sion will undoubtedly rest the future associa- tions and influence of the Papacy.NomaterialchangehadoccurredintheSanonlySouthernincentivetodisunion.Cheap Ifthecoursetopersistedinwhichhasdrivenwar.IfEnglandandPrussiaconcurinitscon-Scotchmanmaybeshrewd,aYankeemaybe Theretobutonecountryintheworld Franciscomarkets. goods,Includingallthehouseholdarticlesandthemtothisdetermination,fatalastheresultclusions,wemayconfidentlyassumethatthissharp,butaDutchmantoproverbiallycautiouswhich,toournotion,offersasafeandFrom Oregon we learn of the perpetration of agricultural necessities of the Southern planta- would be to the prosperity of the North, and will be one of them. So far, then, from the and safe. Van Schaick, therefore, was the manpermanent abiding place for the Pontiff, and that to the United States. Here be will be beyond the reach of European con-another massacre of emigrants by Indians. tion, the establishment of a direct Southern particularly to New York city, we cannot blame proposed meeting of sovereigns affording anyto follow a McElrath and a Wesley.Borne particulars of the affair are given in our trade with Europe and South America, &:,, andthem. The Mercury remarks that "when the real cause for apprehension, we think it holds constitution of the United States was adopted, out strong hopes of a speedy and satisfactory thecommerceandshippingofCharlestonwere settlementofalltheremainingdifficultiesofthegreater than those of New York." What has pro- Italian question.people. It is not difficult to believe, then, that theTheaccountsfromBritishColumbiaaredevoidUniontoindanger.Butwhatarewetodo?Partlyitsnaturaladvantagesinpossessingthe POLITICSANDPRAYERS.—TheholyandpiousYork,gaveagrandlifttotherailroadssharingthemselvestheleastconcernaboutthemWeThe Official Gazette of Honduras, of September conservatives, opposed to the division of the Northern men; partly the trade of the West,30,publishesadecreebythePresident,reminding Union,totodoallintheirpowertodefeatLin- whichdidnotthenexist,bataboveallandbe-allstrangersresidinginthecountrythat''theyare coln.Withthisdutydischarged,whatevermay foreall,thecottonandotherproductsofbrethren ell over the country to offer up stocks of the New York Central and its tribu- columns to hto allocutions, hto bulls and his in- prayerstoGodteblesstherepublicandpre- taries. Concluding,thatthesestockswould terdicts,providedtheyarekeptwithinalength serveitfromdangerinthismomentouscrisis. continuetogoupward,VanSchaick,inbehalf suitedtonewspaperspaceandthedigestionofduced the change in favor of the Empire City?Of interest All that remains on the part of our Northern finest harbor in the world, and the energy of clergymen of Washington propose to their in this transportation, and especially to the will even go further, and give free place Inoarour readers.The Catholics of the United States should act at once upon this suggestion, and endeavor to get the Papacy transferred here while it is going a begging. Let Archbishop Hughes, who has a prospective interest in the succes- sion , preach a sensation sermon or two, aad send round the hat for funds to do the thing handsomely. W e shall cheerfully contribute our mite towards providing a home for th« des- titutesuccessorofStPeter. Tomak*a be- ginning, the Archbishop may put us do*a for' five thousand dollars.THENEWYOREHEIULDANDrutDwmoxThe steamship Borussia sailed from this port The statute which gave that authority to the this wealth would be diverted from New York way, and going fast on the road to destruction. the next six months in the event of Lincoln'syesterdayforSouthampton,HavreandHamburg, PoliceCommissionersdidnottakeitawayfrom andfindverydifferentchannels.Ittoveryeasy TheyoughttoprayforHoraceGreeley,for election.Letallhandsgetready,then,forafter temporariesplumplyarraignstheHKHA^'nsubject, under the constitution, to the same duties be the issue, we can await the consequences •a natives," and directing the magistrates in the with comparative composure.towns and villages on the frontiers to call the atten-tion of all strangers entering the country to theThis is an excellent idea, and we hope all the of Thurlow Weed and the Regency, invested account and slave labor was comparatively of clergy of this city will pray earnestly for the in said stocks so laigely that when the lateAbove article, the 12th of the constitution.It will be seen from a card in another column that Mr. John C. Mather has withdrawn his name as candidate for the Third Congressional district, leaving the field to Mr. Benjamin Wood, the onlydemocratic nominee.A special meeting of the Board of SupervisorsBut we would suggest that there are a greatthe South. At that time cotton was of so littleTHE QUESTION OF SHERIFF'S DEPUTIES AT THE so little value that some of the greatest states-POLLS.--Sheriff Kelly, we perceive, demurs to men of the South contemplated the abolition ofperform the duty imposed upon him by the slavery. But the cotton gin and the develope marry for whom they ought to offer up special the Albany jobbers out of pocket some fortyCommon Council in the matter of appointing a ment of cotton culture at the South have changed prayers at the same time. They ought to pray thousand dollars in a few days.all that, and no Southern statesman now dreams for Henry Ward Beecher to begin with, for he Van Schaick was not equal to the crisis.of abolition. In the year 1790 the value of cot- has done more than any other man to mix up He bad supposed that there was nothing in this upon the grounds that he has no statutory ton exported was only $42,285. In the year rifles and Bibles together, to stir up bad blood, Southern disunion agitation, and that nothingnumber of independent citizens as special depu-ties to keep order at the polls on Tuesday, andpower to do so. We are afraid that it to cou- rage, and not statutory authority, that Mr. Kelly1859 it was $161,434,923. Hero, then, toand incite strife among his fellow citizens. The conservative clergy, then, should by all means not forget to pray for Beecher, that some good spirit may descend upon him and guide him outwould Come of i t He acted accordingly, with the full concurrence of Weed and the Regency operators, and they have been caught napping. But this to a mere bagatelle to the killed andwas held yesterday afternoon, for the purpose ofreceiving the resignation of some of the Inspectorsof Election and to fill the vacancies; also to makearrangements tofillany vacancies that may occur cer, and he has the power to call out a special hare Sowed to the seaboard cities ofOnorbeforethemorningoftheelection. forcehitimeofdanger.SohastheMayor.theSouth.BythedissolutionoftheUnionofthepathsofdarkness;forhetoinaverybadwoundedthatwillblockupWallstreetwithinstands in need of.He to aconstitutionaloffi-Y ork,fo rt h eUnion,wouldthat body to. We hope the Sheriff will think better of this business.us hereafter, "easy got and easy gone It was no merit of the people of New York city that made them what they are—fortune and circum-lishment; these are onerous duties, and Thurlow to but a man—a weak vessel like the rest of us.proceeding well worthy of the merchants of New York; and as there to time enough for others to follow this patriotic example, wefore we are decidedly in favor of the Unios But we have our apprehensions that there w danger in these disunion movements in therotten old Tammany a knock over the head on Tuesday next, that will forever settle the asmnatural advantages for a harbor, to the chiefa mainof th esource which, b u twealthof N ewwith 137 passengers and $166,700 in specie. TheCity of Washington also sailed yesterday for Liver-pool, with 192 passengers. Owing to the violenteasterly storm that prevailed yesterday, the abovementioned steamers, as also those of the Southern riff to call out a posse comiiatus to a constitu- grown rich at the expense of Southern, and the other day at Chicago. Thurlow Weed should THE MERCHANTS OF NBSV YORK AND THE and this section, are safe only in the Union. lines, came to anchor at Quarantine, from whence tional one, of which the statute has net depriv- none so much as New York. riot be forgotten; he has a load of responsible ELECTION.-—We are pleased to learn that several Disunion would bring its disastrous conse-1iwhile they make no issue against citizens of the conclusions. It to the interest of the latter be was told that our population was greatly in not be come to between them as that which ex- North going into it with their property—their Power that a strong constitutional government excess over that of France during the Reign ists in Japan, where two Emperors, the temponl.fabric as to result in a suspension of the gojtonculture during the continuance pf such #ar,BaglasBl and Franc--, looking to their own inte- horses, their oxen and their agricultural imple- shall be formed on the continent as a point of Terror. After finishing this interview with and spiritual, reign together in the most perfectthe ship. A t four o'clock a pilot came on board,and assured the captain that he could take theSteamer to the city without difficulty. Accordingly, I pose as allies of the seceding States in order to States, and if they farther menace with de- may arise. Her great difficulty hitherto has much fatigued to go on with the session. A owing to the infatuation of the Pope,at five o'clock the anchor was weighed, andin due time the pilot took his departurefrom Mile Rock. T en minutes afterwards, whilerunning at full speed, the ship struck, head on,and soon swung broadside to the breakers. A tthis time it was high water, with a dense fog, andthe gale increasing. The vessel thumped badly,and at eight o'clock there were five feet of waterIn the hold, which soon extinguished the fires. Thegale became furious, and all hands abandoned themaintain peace. Nor have we any doubt, struction the institution within the Southern been that no political system existed there ana- large number of distinguished shades weaO and he will accordingly have to takerests,wouldbecompelledintheoutsettointer- ments—thus destroying the equality of the d'appui for her in any general conflict that Robespierre themedium declaredherself too harmony. This,however,tonolongerpossible,shouldtheoccasiondemandit,thatsuchwould Statesthemselves,toittobewonderedatthatlogous to her own, or that oould accord her the confidence arising from an identity of interests. 80 far from her alleged distrust of Louis Napo- leon being a motive for her acting in concert with the supposed objects of the Warsaw Confe-anxious to be beard on the subject, and our reporter premised to call again.TUUBLOW WEED AND H IS ALBANY GANG OK STOCK JOBBERS CAUOHT NAPPING.—Some yearsbis walking papers and found a patriarchate somewhere else. Once he quite the Vatican he casts aside from himself and his successors the pomps and vanities of temporal rank. That, in a religious sense, be will be far more power-rence,thereversetothefact Shecanbestde- agooneWesley,thentheWallstreetfinancier fulthanever,nonebuthtoultramontaneparti-safety of the country from their pulpits to-day.cloud of a panic settled over Wall street said stocks went down with such a run as to castthe Mayor and Sheriff; it but conferred upon for Northern men to talk of the slow growth of he too needs grace and spiritual comfort He Lincoln's election comes the deluge, which will "in favor of disunion.'' This to a great misthe Police Commissioners, as it were, a concur- Southern cities. The cause to very apparent: loat the Post Office Department a few years ago, clean out Wall street from end to end. rentjurisdiction.TherightvestedintheShe-InvirtueoftheUnionNortherncitieshave andtreatedhisbrotherSewardveryshabbilytake. All our interests, in common with those ofallourfellowcitizensofthiscity,thisStateHas our wealth grown too fast for our discre- duties on his conscience, and requiresthey probably sailed this morning.The satere and incessant tall or rata yesterdayto render all outdoor operations eatreaMtyThe mim of cotton looted ap aboil 1,400 a2,000Btaafs,steadyandwlthootqootableohaagain solelytotheMetropolitanpolice,constitutedaswederiveourimportance?Shallitbesaidofguests,andlooksafterthelinenoftheIestab-onthedayofelection.WethinkthatthistoaUnion,andwemayloseeverything.There- A s sales of new ware moderate, the upward*^ ""(•**" w^mBseww A w lea* Bees* lrW« uswnsswBWAWn 1 w\fed him. There to every reason to fear that some disturbance will take place at the polls, end it would be unsafe to leave the protection of the public peace and the righto of votersof our leading merchants have resolved to quences to us, as to all others whose fortunestion that we now so madly risk its lees? Do we, like purse-proud men suddenly elevated to riches, forget ourselves and the source whencestrength from above; he to Governor (of the close their establishments on Tuesday next so State, barber to the politicians, maitreId'hotel as to give their employes the fullest opportu-and hopes are identified with the preservatios of the Union. Maintain the I'nion and th» constitution, and we hold our own; dissolve th«rare moderate. Corn was armwith sales of Wee(era , ^ T v T * * * for Congress (Mr. Chan- stances and New York will change too. The ex- get $52,000 somehow—consolation most sweet imitated. One day for the Union to the leastSouth. How stands the case? Souther* slavery—the vital Institution of the South-»*• within the Union, completely at the mercy of the North. We have shown that within a fe* years, the Union holding good, there will pro- bably be the overwhelming representation nfrom store at Tic., aad afloat at TOe a TOtfa. ler)in the Sixth Congressional district to still ample of other great commercial cities ought to a wounded spirit And they ought to praythat can be given by the mercantile community,Port was tnumJUd demand; sales mens were made at kept to the new, wit* an apparent deterrnine,MS aft* 1SX, aad of new prime at $14 25a $14 50 * ? * * " • * • ?»*ling, the republican can- great port of England. Now its commerce to agonies—pray fervently that it may be loosed this most important contest Give the thou-to be a warning to us. Bristol was once the for Tammany Hall—poor Tammany in its lastwhich to so deeply interested in the results of0;m. Freifhts were Arm; among the Mtafemoou were of that stripe, and are determined to rive known as a port at all, and greatly deficient in and number vastly more than seven; pray that stores of this city an opportunity to vote on Congress of twenty-eight free States, again*to the elected Governor, takes care of his nity of exercising their franchise and influenceJ. There, foreign-born citizens of the United dreadfullyagitated,andnearlyshookherself States,towhatMr.Sewardthinksofyou,sniout of her hoops. A mighty spirit was evidently says of you in hto place in the Senate. Tew about Therewerenoisesliketheroarofcan- "only qualification to a capacity to tillour non, the clashing of cavalry sabres, and the fields and dig In our mines.'' In perstitttof huzzaofvictory.ItturnedouttobeOldHick- youtocomeamonguswe''discriminateagainst ory, who charged the people of the United art civilization and the improvements of drfl- States to preserve them as United States, ized life." Your coming here has been -s on- through blood, fire, treason, or any possible etant cause of heartburning among the Anefi- mibisthundersinanyformorfashionthathe great West this year, and their shipment to New pleases without our Yankee sovereigns givingus out in this. The immense grain crops of thehero been SBBSBSBJ this pollerare ISM* la Karoo* all that BBSS whtah wwaM bo aMe. tkm, cAw, toe wnpert ike imwrmt endthe rigkttafA*QUESTION.—One of our black republican co-We must Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069slavery, against this pressure, will **att^ J 