 IW WiMlSItmCC* CtHTA4CT.OOSSO JBtaSrAM.I!tiwTOM,'itf 14,1m. ; — « , ^ _ . - , (aatui «f ««•»*,> mno*fA frost h a atoetJfeacy ika lltowter of FOMV Aflairt of HarOathoUthe landing inntorthall pay to the Treasury the ameer t of said difference at the rate of price that Hat warm eaten tobacco of the kind ofIHTEKESniiG FK0M MEXICO.Oar V«rm Cms, Monterey aad Browns- house watforcibly entered, aadhisstrong box wat bro-CAIPAIGI OF TEE REPUBUCAIS. THE CHICAGO CONVENTION.njinrs S'ITI'"**Majrttj a levernmenl the folaw » conditions tor toniT«^u iwoof******"*jokyandVlrgtatatobnec*tothereyago,orwanwarlagndbythlpwrock,are,groonavAndrew Ha/ra WliatistobethePlatfbraof1-RKNn_.1061 '1.anau senve1r882- ^ ^ Qmmtalt q n t n W t Mtea of Spa*fiv,tn*man apectfied. tof atamy ether anatoaymnmaritime risk.R Kanetog ;D. Ceok...Cntoort. *-A_R.McKee.*. franco siocuHroN. tmCIaJU TFOMSXATIO*o* whtoh fan Fabltotor three t a r r e d tntaa(parteisetteatv*«cofreestheahatora*addito»attor/.atint,aottooacaedttatytbarannd - — ^ « - T — J t l g 6 1 > 1 M a ^ J j ^VBU Gam, May 2,198*.the Party?the—»respaetivtlyexpreneed therefor.United State* that the prospects of the ratification of tbetreaty by the Senate were brightening. It to the onlyhope for this distracted country, aa well as an opportunityfor tbeestablishment of American principles and inlluence,whichshouldnotbelost,asitmayneveroccur again.letSenatorslayasideforonceailpartysndper-wastbedayoriginallyappointedfortbemeeting,but,for2—RobertT.Davis, 18—Oomstbcsswat** the number of quintals which, according to con- wksen 3d the contractor must leiiver, he thall institute n enfant ef tea thousand (10,000) quintals of the same kind at lebacno a each of the factories of Corona, Cadiz andThis deposit of tobaccos shall be renewed withTroops Reinforced—Bloodshed on ihe Frontier, d"c.On the 7th of this month the Mexican soldiers stationed at Reynoto fired Into the Texas Bangers, commanded by CaptainFord, who wore stationed in front of that town. The Rangers returned the fire, and put to flight the guard which waa stationed on th e Bto Grande, near the steam- boat landing. On the evening of the same day, Got. R. E. Lee, commanding the Department of Texas, arrived with two companies of United States Cavalry, under com- mand of Captain Albert G. Brackott, and, aa there had been considerable firing during th e day, he despatched lieutenant Thome*to learn the cause of the firing. The lieutenant returned about sundown, and reported to the Colonelthat theMexican Guardhadcommenced firing withoutanyjustcausefordoingso. Onthemorningofthe 8th, Captain Brackett waa aent with despatches to the authoritiesofReynoao,toenquire intothecauseoftbe disturbances. Ihe Mexican Guard had left the guard house,andtheboatswere alldrawn out on the Mexican side ot the Rio Grande. The Guard had, 8 613 4 010-GenH - J , R GidJiega, Mi.ion SutllffW r e x s n . 1—D Thayer,H.N. Oorbett. a—Joel Burllngame,Frank Johnson. ft—Dr. Warren,— Hovey. 4_—Holmac, H. fireeiy.Pennsylvania.At Large.David Wilmet, Samuel A Purvnaot, Tnaddeo* Steves*, JohnH.Swing.DutrictDelegate*.1—JohnM.Butler, KbnbWard.2—George A CoSsy, RichardBUS.8—William B JamesMM.CReborn, Manus Buckley.-JamesBooven, CM. Jaesaoa.6—JohnM Broomall, Washington Townatai7—CalebN. Taylor, Joseph_Young.DavidaStoat. ft—O. J. Dickey,C S Hauflman. 10—Charles a Forney, Joseph Casey.17—Bobert M Palmer, Jacob G Prick.12-H. M. Heyt.P M Ostornoot,11—ChartoeAlbright* William Deva.„ wwvm theonetoquestionattoldat,theEttanca. Thecontractormoneyw a tforthsotntog.Fartientorshall only be exempt ( w o such responsibility by duly nwrtog, et pnmdeo for to the Commercial Code, that the tobacco a ccntroverney sustained general average damageville Correspondence.Crew Vera Cra*ken, open and tko deposits removed. A t this was don* by bit owt party, Monsieur Gnbrtoc most consider ft all right,andeatneithertask*protestsnorrwalnawnftn**. Upon retain*, from Zacatecas, toosame party entered Fretnffio, on important mining town, and ripiejtot theA. A. iter ton, Wn RaktiLtheanaouatafMaaeeurtty;and should such amountbe not replaced wtthia one month nfter, prooeed-bandofreactioaariessadrobbersoretotkoStateofDu- raogo. Htoojono la also s o w moving with bto forest to-remaining, at most, for fillers.be ripe, fresh, sound, toe tween the price at which he had engaged himself to fur-The en.ploy«s under tko previous administra-tion are quietly receiving their walking papers, GOSSIP O F THE CONVENTION.aad extant for oomnon oagara. That tartutors aunt Ukewhn beripe,freakan* Should ike tobaeea not ooaabiae those etrcnavt»feaerhareanyesteem,itwiUnotbe•***?•|fc^.send *8t0,<*0) qsmtoa ofahaD deliver throe hundred tnou-and at ike datea fcUowtog :—nish during the time of hie contract and tile price at whichthenewcontractorthai!engagehimselftofurnishit. Such responsibility incurred by the old contractor shall hepallbyattnebtog hitpropertyandforfeiting hit se- curity, as provided for In section 18 ef the Royal Instruc- tion of September 15,1882.to. Should the tobaccos bought for account of Ike con- tractor be cheaper than those he had offered to furnish, such contractor shall be entitled to no daim whatever on thedifferenceofprices. Should rooh bethe canewhen be neglected or failed to the service, bis security thall be returned to him, if at the time of finishing the contract such recurity be free of claims or retponBibllitien.and new men stepping Into their places. The principle of rotationinofficetocarriedeutIn MexicotoadegreeOat would delight the heart of the most progressive tpoito- ssas. Vidaurri,findingaaemptytreasuryuponhare- turn to power, has been unable to make much progress to his efforts to aid the. dberal cause thus far, bat b e will toon, doubt em, find A b e ways a n d means to raise and equip n respectable force.A conducta left this morning for Brownsville, with over threehundredthousand dollars,havingcomefromZaca tecaa Tbe duties on this will amount to over 8*5,000, which will giro the government n little spending money.^j-uxru—if-M—M-^^ a J ^ —iM * *Mr,Sowar*lUpwrtedtobeonHis Way to Ctteagt*monthly deliveries, a a d a deposit shall continually•exat until tan lot of July, 1863, on which day the shall he composed of the authority and employes premay deliver to the hacienda the number of viously designated, and the contractor or bis representa lives, and shall be duly noted in extent and exactness on51—__»«r aa a ba.aaoe of the deliveries set forth to condition M, er for the eventual orders -greeable to condition 3d.* The contractor shall make the deliveries and at such iaadto such quantities an the Itrection siaJ de-itobiav .1 Ail the expenses and dues of every kind, establishednrtobeestablishedhereafter,which mayarisefromthedatvery ef the tobaccos at, each factory, until they areadmitted and weighed, shall be for account of the con- quantity of wrappers and fillers which each oath con-8.Themspectionofthetobaccoswhichthecontractor •ay presentshallnottakeplace until after havingob totoedIkeauthorisationoftheDirectionGeneraldeRentestortoacadan.t. As m shearel rule, the mspection of the tobaccosthenbewanebyUMadministrator*,cbtofsofthefactorieslot worts thereof, wilhtbe assistance of the,whichshallbesignedbyailparties assembledforOknanrnana, and tka original act snail be forwarded toliveries. Ifthepaymentfromanycausewhateverofthe sum comprised in the distribution should not be made, thetreasuryshellallowthecontractorInterestatIkerateagainstmerchantsofVeraCruzand Mexico,toorderto pay with the same outrages committed elsewhere.capten, with a sergeant, bugler —-"- , J — tbe captan, with a and five soldiers,weremlullview ofthe Mexicans andwithin reachof theirrilieeoftherepublican*,because they expected to profitbythe weaknesses of those Conventions, and to select n ansa tobetheircandidatewhowouldbethemostlikelytowm 8—M.Pinner,be taken out for every five casks, and the number on such ball will designate that of the cask to be picked out, and so on; the casks to sicked out will be welgbsd empty, and the average weight of same shall be the tare to be allowed for each cask. This operation shall be mide with the greatest formality in the Board of Survey, whichRussell's proposals only show that he is Ignorant of Mali- can ailalrB to tbe last oegree.Then they have not oeen taken into consideration;at least tney have been relused even by the Miramon gov- ernment, although conceded (most absurdly) in its favor. The plan of the /ranch is more stupid even, and tbe fact thai Gabriao bad a band in it, was, as you may easily imagine, quite sufficient to tell him that nothing could be listened to t manating from him. Not from animosity or• u m STATS*.41 Total vote*XIDDI* STAin*. PACIFIC BTATBBM—Eben F . atone 7—George Coggtwell,lft—Reeert F. Paine, a Hitchcock?i in deposit which, on that date, be may require to the certificates of delivery. The empty cask* will be toft hurt feelings, but from tbe certain knowledge that n nanfor the benefit of the treasury.26 For every lot of quintals of tobacco which the con-who has the leas of life of thousands, and sacrifice of un- told millions of money on his conscience—a scoundrel, for whom no gallows is n g b enough, and witnoutwhose criminal interierenoe this struggle would have beennipvest* • during their stay and departure from port. When exported according to the form provided by conditionIke chiefs of the factories receive the loading certificates 10th. The tobacco of the same depots, which may have been applied to cover said allotments and orders, shall be to foreign ports, they shall take a note of them and send received by the tame weight which they had at the timetkoortgtnnlntotheDirostkmGeneral. ottheiradmissiontherein. tedthreeorfourtimesduringthisrevolution.l1l. Besidestheofficersdesignated byregulationnine, 29.Whoevershallbedeclaredcoutractorshallguarantee informertimestheEnglishMinisteraskedforhispassinspections, the Direction General may deem it theperformance of theservice hecontracts forbytwo ports because an English flag, put up in a ball room a s a .toappointothernthatmaylikewinemakeouch milioneifrials,inspecie,orotheiequivalent,attherates decoration,wasconsideredbrhimoutofitsplace.2—Jesse*J.Beeaon, Wm & atonghton.Those special commiOBioners shall have a vote attons; bat should they not agree with the iof tko majority, they can put aeais on the casks, that thsy may be conveyed to the i lea'of thin court for the new inspection for the recep- tton or rejection ofthe lottowhichsuchtobaccomayeerrespond.Ike tobacco received at the factories of this court shall kotoraccountof theallotmentthereof,shoulditnotbe fitted, and consequently the expenses of transport shall ho aatd by the contractor. But If it should be ailed, such eaaenera shall bo for account of the Hacienda.Tko expenses of transport to and from said iactory shall ko Mr account of tko contractor.11 If, in theinspectlona and classincaUons whichmay no made b y the omeers designated m condition 0 , alter J; the authorisation at the Direstlon, as provided in , Ike contractor should believe there had been ading ar error an regards the whole or part ofikecaannedcasks, he mayaskof thenamechiefsa i of the delivery and the deposit of the defective or export them from the kingdom, an stated intKJon iO, and that petition will be considered. He may ask the Duection, should he prefer it, through a juatl- expoaiuon, a new inspection. and, should there b etherefor, the director may appoint the survey ontorMsperformance. Theiropinionsshall bedecisive; wad should Ihey confirm wholly t h e first inspection, o r theiirtiHisnsaiofthequantitiesoftherejectedtobaecoi not reach fifty per cent, t h e expenses o f convey iincurred by the surveyors, their stay and return , of the contractor Where there shallof fifty per oast in the inspections, the ex be equally divided between the treasury and Should the tobacco be received, the expenses11Iftheenatrnetorshouldnotdeliverbythe1stof r, 18*1, the fifteen thousand qutotnia oorrespood-;tothetrotorder,orshouldonlydenverpartofsaid r, tko Direction General of Bents* Bstnnondan may "—i of the number of qadatato wantiug atestablished in the class of admissible securities for this object, and binding bis present and future property and incomes.That amount shall be deposited to the general chest of deposits,andthecontractorcannot dispose thereof until the conclusion of the contract. In that case, or those of abrogation, that sum shall be returned, provided the con tractorbeclearofresponsibility, byvirtueofacommu- nication wnich the Direction of Estancadas shall address to the cheat of deposits8a The sale shall take plate on the 14th of July of the present year,at the Direction General of Rentes Estanca can, presided by the Director General, associated with the chief* thereof, and by one of the co Aeensores of the Ate serin General of the Department of Finance, and assist tag also the Escribano Mayor of the Special Tribunal of Finance of the province.81. The contract shall be made by public solemn com petition; and, for the knowledge of all, seasonableno- tices thall he inserted in the Oaceta and official journals of the provinces; and there shall likewise he sent the re- quisite noticesto the superior authority of the island of Cuba, and to the Consuls to the United States, that they may respectively cause their publication.32. On said 14th of July next, from half past tw o o clock until three to the afternoon, there will be received by the Director General, to presence of the persons com- posingtheboard,thesealedbidsthatmaybepresented by the bidders, endorsed with th e name of th e person making the subscribed bid. Those bids will be number- ed in the order they shall be presented. That the bids may be received, each bidder must previously present a certificate from the Cheat of Deposits, stating that he has delivered therein the sum of one million rials in specie,or their equivalent, of the class of admissible scrarities forthisobjectattheettabhshed rates. Hethallalso prove by the requisite documents, if a Spaniard settled in thePenlnsuln,thattwoyearspriortothedateofthetale be pays at least a territorial contribution of 3,000 rials in Madrid, or 2,000 in any other part of the kingdom, or for the industrial subsidy at Madrid 4,000, or 3,000 m otherturned to theMexican Bide ot toe river evidently much pleased with their visit.marksta; and, should they not be place*. If be be a foreigner or a Spaniard from theultra- ,may apply to any tko moat distant whore marine provinces, he shall present a declarationJobnG. Miller.to due form, subscribed by one combining the shall faL to supply the fifteen thousand quta- afroeeaJd circumstances, to case he should not have thePresidential candidate.Subjoined is a list of the delegates to the Chicago CosWynkoop Kierated. U—Marias Bchoowmaker,be observed to casethethnlstof February of said year, name, he shall bind himself to guarantee with his body dying of these measures, which had been nailedHenry Green. posed to be afit,and died in a short time. There waa vention, which will be found the moat correct sue yet 12—Albert Van Kleeck,[quintals on the tot of March of property the proposal that may be made by the foreig* bidder, or the Spaniard from the ultramarine provinces. jtortkopermanent,deposit In ine fas- He must, moreover, accompany a manifestation signedinhuman.However, these are only instances of all the countlessatrocities daily committed.Wotl ft said to have shot all the prisoners be made someday a ago, but he is hard pressed, and Guadalajara to said not to be able to bold out much longer.There ft more spunk to the women of Mexico than thereis in tbe male sex. The former went out in style to Tacu-bay a, took priests with them, and celebrated mass in honornothing in the case that excited suspicion at thetone,and she was buried without a post mortem examinationPrevious to her death aMwaa engaged to be married to George C. Hertey, of Htogham, a young man whoa* wife died suddenly about two years previously He was much esteemed by the father of the deceased girl, »nd aa he waa in poor health, Mr. Tirrell invited hint to bto house, where be has remained till quite recently aa a lriend and guest. ^ "published, vis:— California,At Largs.F. B. Tracy,L. Stanford,A. A. Sargent,D. W. Cheeseman.District Delegates1—Peter Witbect, 8am. Bell.S-D. J. Staples, R. Mataeoaon,Connecticut.At Large.Gideon Wells,E. K. Foster,Chaunoey F . Cleveland, A. H. Holley.District Delegates.1—8 O. Porter, i- F. Pease.Indiana.At Large.Wat. T Otto,P. A. Hackleman, DanielK. Pratt, Caleb BSmith.District Deicgatet.• C Veeteh, CM. Alton.2—Thomas C. Slaughter J. H.Bolton.3—Jno. R. Cravens, A. C. Toorheea4-Geo. Holland, J. L. Yater.6—Miles Murphy, Walter MarchI ftom) P . Oytor, John&Bobbs. 7-Geo. K. Steele,D.CDonahue.John T. Bogeboom 18—John W Freeman,Abramb. On*. 14—H. H. Van Dyck,Henry A Brighana. 18—Edward Dodd,James W Schenok. 16—Oraado Kehcgg. Wilham Heddtng17—John H Wooater, A. a James18—Henry ChurchiU. Thomas a Horton.19-Horatk) N. Buckley, Samuel J. Cook*.20—Palmer V . Kellogg. Henry H. Fish. 21—Ottos W. Hotchkta*Benjamin F . Rexford. 22— Samuel GatesRobert 8tuart 28-toaacH Fake.Carlosa Scovflle 24—Vivas W. Smith,i of Oonnna, Cadiz and Alicante, and the same pro- by himself, if his attendance shraid b e in his own per;shnQ be obeerved in future whenever the c*n- eooal representation, or a power hi due form should it be 1failtomaking theoorresponding debv*i en the first of each month, as specified,,and when in\ thaveof he aball extract from the permanent ludicai subjection, without any reservation whatever, to' intrantry lo cover that deficit shall ail the. conditions herein established, and the renounce- iopinthedeposit. Timcontractorshall pay all ment of allexemption orprivilegeregardingtheeffects lorhjaaung therefrom, as also any in of tbto contract, should hebeaforeigner. fh« biddersof thevictims assassinated a year ago. They had towork bard to have the church opened for their pur- On Thursday afternoon last, Frances, who is aboutiof price that mayoccur m the tobacco, he being iMn for the nea risks and other damages namce for hit account, without his havingrtgkt of chum whatever14. la case there should be no stock ef tobacco at the , owing to their having been extractedmust state their proposals in rials and centimes With out these circumstances no proposal will be received. At three o'clock It will be proclaimed that the act of re ceivmg. proposals and documents is closed.•3. The bids will be opened in their numerical order They shall be rend aloud, the actuary of the sale takiorpose.The brother of Miramon shot a nan the other day be-cause be would not let him commit a rape on hatnurh ter. and killed him instantly. He was arrested, b a t s e t at liberty immediately. Such things happen every dayIczada, near Topic, burnt a city, and left 8,000 persona withoutshelter. Heisacolonelofthereactionarieeandtwenty four years of age, went to the South Pnrah * short distance from her father's bonne, and returned 'at about eight o'clock. ' r9WVM «At about nine o'clock she retired to bed. A younmr sister who slept with her had previously retired, bntwnt awake when Frances joined her. At about hair oast nine o'clock the wasattracted tby the repeated twitcbMgsof herbiste. s body, and asked her what tbe matteTwas She rephed that she waa dying, and at her request her »*£er w ff c*iled. ATtoyetcan waa aent for, out aha diedi,tonquantitiesrequiredtojooverthedeficiencies amemorandumthereof.af deliveries which the contract.* should make,and tor its replace34. The Minister of Hacienda shall remit to the Direccion General deRentes Estancadas thesealed bid toaaat^th^^iir'SSSL^L m)M <*****'• making them walk afterwards on gravel.feot^andwhich Is to be stated toe type of the maximua price[.ofthetohaoco,which,forthishave keen'purchasedforaccount of the to be paid by the Hacienda for eachquintal,and bringthisrevolutiontoaaendbymediation,becauseanvin the factories may be whtok shall serve as a basis for the sale. Said bid shall arrangement that would auit the church party mutt brini »toanother,thecontractorpayingthe beopenedandtotcontentsproclaimedwhenalltheother usbacktothelastcentury,andnotheliberalpartywould. £ r . f t £ l £ , W B £ . ! ? B U * • «l»o otod to a at, but de-ifbrthe fHopcwals made by bidders shall have opened.ana which may he incurred by said 86. If among the scaled bide odered within the time itoShetooopeettedfortheiradminatan,shouldtherebeanywhich ameaorate the price d e iguatod no the type of the price of the government, the ministry of the Hacienda thall behave lougnt, and thoueanss of citizens been ruined, with out obtaining the abolishment of n tingle abuse.Mr.McLanowonttoYucatanintheBrooklyn,sadwni be absent about two week*. ' yThe Pocahontas wont to Laguna.We have a rumor here, but don't mind It, that the Spanish men-of-war will come here and pick a quarrelIt is stated rrom aJJ sides that Miramon will b o back here to October or November, and batter down the restbavs'anSoStf.^ ^ " y " ^ -*«-.dontdedto 2—a W.Kellogg, A.RCaler.may haveof theevovmou ef the foregoing4—K. & Tweedy, George H. Noble.Dele.v. iDutrict Delegates—C. a Lajton,It-fin*.-*""*• 11-W. W. Conner,J. M. WalaceTheodose M. Pomeroy. 6o—ubadiahB Latham,Charles C. Shepard. 27-Wllliam W. Shepard, George W. Schuyler.28—Wilham Scott, Stephen P Height,Jno. P. slefirsgor, Tbot. Stoddart.District Detects*1-J. C. Sholet, H L R u2—Motet 8 J. H.ft happen that the contractor thrall nttttooonsnltnd for the approval of the tale with which the de- finitive service aball be adjudicated.8*. Shonld there be two or more similar proposals for type of th e government price, simplek• of>by wanna of the dahwartosseowsBocyde by the signers of Ike same for the of the city, knowtag _that he cannot take It, W ll our several weeks.Alfred Short 2—K. B. Smlthers,John C.ClarkAt LargeN. a judd •iuna,DavidDiva.O. H Browatog.District Delegates.1—41,"mny ko sent from Vto fno- the weight of the rejected309 Sofaquarterofanhour,whentoe tale shallter-B.J.Hopkina. 8—S.S.BradTord,37. Should the prices preposed by the bidders exceed Ik*typeaforesaidtnformatioe«thereofshallbegivento the Minister of Hacienda for his decaton.88. The person to whom the service shall be adjudica- tedshallcomplete hitguaranteestothecoarseofeight day*s,andiftothattimeblieshouldfailimnsodoingheshall forfeit the sum deposited at the timeofha presentingbincountryallowtha? Willitgivebecktheatonawr*.tobe fittedoutagainforsuchnpurpose?Oar Monterey Correspondence. Mo-vraniT, April 96,18o0.EngagementneartheCWy—Eiacnatim oftheCitybyRami ret—DefeatofCojen—HinqjotoatoRemitforDmmmgo— Return of Govern* Fuldurri-Eu Reotptwn-Tht Frm- iitUofRotatimtoQf&~9WWXnRo&forBmons-nlle—The Piper of the JYetoent adtawnaVnftoft R>- Ated—Aamtaa i*i*ts«jp*«i wt Mexico, etcThe only political event of interest which has occurredto tbto section of the country la the reoocapntten of Zaca- tecs* by the liberal forces under Oracrsla Crags, OrtegaLC. Roble,a—Atom I j. a2-J. W.Caldwell,George A.-«. W. Hubbard,i*—D.bTatrewso, aJhaaantorBhbtnwk8—-EthanMarrow, L-aFrabyof th eroyaldecreeof theJOSE GEVER. to approve the present offer|M| 2: U(Qt£0 1TftftBaXfcTIRBU. BID H08T CONTAIN,st,3-B. C. Cook, O.L. Davit.4 ^ / i . (»T#TG,a6—Wm. Ross, e-SJtaeps.b8eaOTrwLinogan,7-Thomaa A. MarabaU, HDoleHBBALD, TUIgBpiY, *** » , e.unte/etikefree« - - rtete«*--<tog the Freaeh,prisoned until t h entteation was bestowed upoa t h e French Consul, a s a j sV17. Tbecontractor s'naUbenoUuedtopaytheextraex-penses of traaroartatton, the augmentation ef price ef thetobaccos which may be purchased for hit M"****"1renpoBethility, sad stated in the mregoiag ««<"*10^ Th, Ckftwwi Itrrmrf » ^ ' ' « » to Dote With faga—Should konegnctftwttktoononssntkfromthedayofiBo- United Aato JWerntnttonOs Onto Baim for Madoo-TXetttontom,theamountofsuchliabilityehall*•»J*!fhf EnglishmiFrenchMlmikn-TkeOmdueta-ThtZarorthis8tote,departedafewdayssince.OajenaadhtoTBICANDIDATESFIRPRESIDENTIALHONORS,4-Ltractor may deliver, there shall be issued to him withoutdelay by the oontador of the respective factories, counter-signedbytheadministrator,acertificatestatingthenum- peainthebudmorethan twoyearsago—canhaveno ber of casks presented for mspection, of those received,in accordance with the conditions which must be possetoed by the tobacco, which shall be mentioned, as also theKacAPrrcLATioii. nonsBwavrnsjitXAxnm TotalvotesintheConven- tlon 287. which will be castby 474 delegate*. ThtnumUlna,ofthoserejected,oftheweightofthecaskaa1withoutcask,ofthequantityadmittedandtoeamountofthe latter in rials deveyon,atthepricetowhichtheservice la fixed. On the same dale when said certificate that the Miramon Cabinet hardly listensto htm any snore. shall begranted, which aball be drawn upon the fourthAt Largs.Franca P Bialr.Jr, B.GratzBrown, Fred. Muench. JamesOSitton.DutrictDelegates.seelpaperforaccountofthecontractor,andthaircopies on (-racial paper tor account of the hacienda; theadmi- nistratorchiefshallsendtotheDirectorGeneralthetes-By just asserting his will be could have obtained the re- mittance effunds from Mexico,buthelettbeoccaaioa pass, and even was satisfied wttn the enormous and ille- galexactiononsuchfundsofeightpercent,whilstby>iandetertbmus—thetwofirstbeing,ujudges.itoteortheclaaTificatioaandapplicationoftheto- timonyandotherdocumentsprovingthereceptionofthe tawnotacentOughttobecharged. Sobedeprivesall.39The number of rotes necessary to achoice will be 117.Thesplitinthedemocraticparty—bytheactionofthe Charleston Convention, and the subsequent adjournment of the Douglas branch to Baltimore, to meet In June next, and tbeSouthern brnnsh to meet at Richmondtotbethe chief administrator shall send a no tobacco, and duplicates to the Contabilidad of the publicMaetoineGovernoroftheprovince,shouldbewishto hacienda.> act ef inspection or to name a person to 36. The payments aball be made in the central cheat ofparties Interested from getting their fuads beet, whichhavebeenlayingIdleinMexicoforayearandanaif.It takenapositionbehindathickfence,wheretheywere1-P . L Fey, Dr-Beraaya.2—A. hrtkel. M.Randolph.the public treasury,comprising theearns towhichthe be drawn up, tobaccos amount to the monthly distribution, to orderis slated thai be agreed, because be wanted to get part of suchoutletintohabanis, saidto beforEnglishclaims, but nobody believes it, and certainly it it a bard casewell protected, and it was a long time befo-e they couldtheDjrecdonGeneralNotwithstandingtheInspectionandreceptionwhich ofsixpercentyearlythefirstmonth,providedbetook out,thedepartureottbeconductawasstoppedunderAfter a considerable delay, a sergeant of the Mexican in the contest against the democratic candidate, whoeverJ. a Garaenhire. c—J. K. Kidd,may bo made by the foregoing regulation, the tobaccosmay undergo such mspection aa the government of hermeasures and claimed his payment be ore the Director General d e Rentes Eetancadas. I b e lute-est shall com mence thirty dayt after the last pay ment shall have beenthe pretext that troops were wanting to escort it. Betidts, there la an eminent banker, half English andhalf French, w h o h a s advanced millions to Miramon, trusting that the two named governments would bear htm out, and claim afv-rwarda bis supposed losses (in case that government should knock under), all of which proceed from illegal transactions.He holds paper money illegally created by Miramon, ad- missible in paying duties ot the conducta, and a* he knows that such abinplaaters will soon b e utterly value- less, of course be works bard that such duty shall be exacted.Some of such transactions were made at 09 per cent dis-count, and do you beheve that any European government willnave thecourage andbadfaithtosustainsuch ciaims, moreover,when enteredinto witnamilitary mob governmentarmy crossed in a boat, and Captarn Brackett, with Mr. Phelps, of New Orleans, as interpreter, a sergeant and a bugler, crossed over. Here a file of the guard met them ana escorted them into town. Upon their arrival there tney lound four companies of Mexican soldiers drawn up in the ptoza, and a detachment of artillery, with a loaded cannon, m front of the Court House. Every streeu; lead- iig towards the plaza was strongly barricaded b y atone wails, and port boiea were made In many places through tbe waia o f the houses. Major Trevino, a brother of Governor Trevino, of the State of Tamaulipas, was in com- mand of tbe Mexican soldiers, and there werefsnpponed to be several of Cirtinas' men In the ranks; this, how- ever,todeniedbytheMexican*They wereexpecting aaattack from oursoldiers, and bad taken every precaution to make a good fight. The women, moat o f them, h a d retired from t h e town with t h e children, a n d those remaining were afraid to goto the river bank for water for fear of being shot. Several of the families were inbe might be.j m ay direct, either at the places of shipmentor at the factories in the kingdom. The inspec- made, and thall cease on the day the payment takenAllen Earner An attempt will undoubtedly be made by tome of the 7-Jantea Lmoaty,Wm.L.Marshall.District Delegates.j which may be mane at the places of shipment do not place.pretodge the reception of the tobacco if already inspected The contractor shall have the right of asking abroga- tion of the contract should payment b e delayed t w o-»£ of thetonpeotionamade to the fhoto- months, and they.the amount due shall exceed four mil-The* C. Fletcher. M a r y l a n d , At Large.reeult that the tohaoco received by the ad- ' should not combine the conditions es before hand, the contractor shall withdraw it the circumstances ro-neat to tka oktef of the factory a oarttOcate from the Coo swiofSpain,provingthelandingolthetobacco, andstat tog the number of casks and their weight, an also that of tko loose tobaeco, within a reasonable time, to be detiglions of rials, having besides claimed the payment from the Minister of Hacteeda. If the abrogation should oc- cur. th e treasury will pay to the contractor (deducting the dues which it may have against >be contractor) thevalue of the tobacco which be a obliged to keep in th e permanent depots, at the factory price, with Interest of sixpercentyearlyonitsaforesaidvalueduringthetimeHenceourattentiontocattedtotheprabasia deliberations whichwillengrosstheattentionoftoeConveniion.ML The cask* and loons tobooo thtt may ho rejected inifltrroftheeasesexpressed,thecontractormustexport,tothecourseoftwomonths,toaforeignportnotsituatedhilaveMediterranean,thecontractorbeingoblige1topre- 27. Incasethecontractorshould anticipate thedelive-upon which thin party contemplates to conduct the en-suingcampaign. Theostensible platform whichthe republicanpressurgeswillbetbeoneadoptedatChi- cagotothatadoptedbythePhiladelphiaConventionwhich 4—Was.a Coaie,ikrtheaforesaidchief.ishippingthetohaoco, official advice ofIts weightortheirdeposit,tilltheabrogationofthecontract.8—FrancaL.Corkras, JamesV.Wagner.COUCM OmwU-Treatmemt « / Englith im Mtxico-Lerd John Annua* Apathy— fidories tf the LUberalt—TSeJunelJuly 1 Aoguetl September 11803.January 1 February1.•arch lAprillMaylJunelJuly1August1....September 1 . .... 10,000 crease of the stipulated price, nor for indemnification, aid to thft crooked manner? Or doee he intend to coax Spain which they should have calculated upon when they bar-...300,000 aato deliveries before theorextension of thecontract,whatever be thecausehe may allege for such demand.22. The contractor, on all questions arising at to the fulfilment of Oils service, shall abide by what may be resolved bytowvtocontencioao administrative,should hedisregardtheadministrative measuresthatmaybeIntoacknowledging hercomplicity?Any bow, it would appear to any intelligent man thatwe have a fair beginning, and for humanity's sake we oughttoproceed.Restassuredofonething,whichIhavetriedtobring to the level of the comprehension of any of our citizens forthelasttwoyears,thatwithoutour bonafidearmed intervention, no peace or stability can be restore* In thiscountry Therearenotwowaysaboutit,andany thingelsewemaydowilljust exactlyamounttogained for the paper.We were rejoiced to team bythetostmail fromtheJohn A Andrew, EnsignH.Ksttogg, George S. Boutweil, Linus a Cumins.3 Besidestheamnherot qutalnto wbiihin eachyear ftastaledrkecontractormustdeliver,heshalllikewise denrerthequintalswhichtheDirectionmayasktothegranted.1-JobnM.Day, JonathanBourne,Jr.J. J. fiertey. 14—JamesMusroe,anenansuni«twenty thousand (20.0CC) Oastillian quintals, wakewtMlbeingunderstood therebythttthisaugmenta- ftan nftntatoh the deliveries which are to be nude in tk a23. The party to whom the contract thall be adjudged shallexecuteaduepublic deed thereof,andthefeesfor the execution of such instrument, and for copies ef thesonalfeelingsandrespondatoncetothecallofhumanity and duty.Oar Brownsville Correspondence. BROWNSVIUX.Texas,April9,1880.somereasonsbentknownto themanagersoftherepubli- can machine, it w as reconsidered, and the lgth of May axedaatheday.Beth Webb, Jr. 8—EdwardL.Pierce,Wm. Oaoin. 4—CharlesO.Rogers,JettonDunham. 6—Samuel Hooper,Gee. W. MCLelan. 6—Timothy Davis,8—Theodore H Sweetoor, John L. Keys*ft—John D. Baldwin, Amata Walker.10—George Ashmun, Erastna Hopkins.11—Jobs H Coffin, Matthew D. Field.M i n n e s o t a .District Delegate?.1—Stephen Miller, DavidA,Lecombe2—8. P. Jones, Mtmon P . Haseted.8—Augusta* H Wegener, John W.North.4-AaronGoodrich. JohnMcCustok. Missouri,fi.W.Ban. aaEno*a.Theoeiiv.-ryofthetobaccos whisbmtybe naked same,shallbepaidbyhim.16—D. AppJegato, Caleb s . arilhtstft,17-W.W.Wallace, JC.Albright.18—H. Y. Beebe, lawntaaa* ^awMaTAW , « 0 W.O0O 10,00010,000lo.OW 16,00010,000 .... 10,000 ....10,000CnUHCn OF TBECnufMMtn.20.Should thecontractor,from anycausewhatever, receive credits or securities of the Treasury in payment of the amounts for the tobaccos delivered by htm, this shallnotservehimnonpretextforfallingtocomplywithCHICAGOC0RRESP0HDEHCE.Now everybody it asking how could Mr. Saule under- takesuchadirtybusinessasthedefenceofthosepirates/ Some lawyera will undertake any ease, provided a fee canbeobtained;butuntilnowMr.Sonlewasconsidered0UBTHEVERY LATEST,TbeRepublican National Convention will meetatChi ongo, Dl., to-morrow, loth instant—Willtom H. Seward* birthday—to nominate n candidate for the Presidency, andalsoonefortheVicePresidency. The18thofJune. . . . 10,000 the obligations of h a contract, under pretence that he bad a gentleman. Doct bis hatred of Mr. Buchanan extend so chants who bold tbto paper squirm a little at this decision, .... 10.000 netbeenpaidinspecie. buttheretosohelpforit,astbtoisoneoftheeontingen-... 10,000 21.Thecontractor:Lailhavenorighttoaskforanin- farastosullyhaownreputationbytryingtoinjur*him cieaInseparablefromthepoliticalconditionoftheState,toeantheeoaUactor,accordingtotheforegoingcondition, 24.Thetarewillbereckonedatfollows,towit.—The casks will be numbered; aa equal amount of balls, withCountingthesiiborderslaveStates,theConvention Texan Rangers Fired Upon by Marian Soldiers—Interview will consist of tbe following delegations -meat be maae within ths following months from the date similar numbers as those on the casks, will be placed to nothing.af the order.6. Imrmg the months of January aad February, 1881, an urn or other suitable vessel; sneof these balls will Talk of England and France—ridiculous ! Lord JohnBetween American Officers and the Authorities er* Rey- a r KBOLAXD STATES.noso—troops Soto at Reynoto— Whereabouts of OorUnosUnknown—UncertaintyefHisCapture—TheMewktn ft TimothyWinn. D.AArtorsympathies, nor can any faith be placed in his assertions, nor the elightest confidence, even, that he should proceed bona fide,11 her o f States , 6 will be 266'irepresentedIhe present English Charge, I am sorry to say, to a weathercock, bunytagtodayandcringingtomorrow. Itaagreatpitythatamansaidtopotsestaoilttyshould besoentirelydestituteofcharacter-infactto muchtobe mauoed to leave their place of shelter, though a white'of oasks Inspected and tnoir eiaamtfice- that the payments may be made the month after the de- that be should connive at a barefaced robbery practiced flag waa displayed on the American aide of theriver,and same month—hat slightly perturbed the political tun 3-N T. Dean,Thefactis,thatassoonasthat governmentfoundhimG W.Leaden.ries of the tobaccos by virtue of the authorisation grantedin condition 2d, the payments shall not be obligatory, e xcept from the date in which it should be made, accordingto the day designated for the respective deliveries, and tothetenoroftheprovisions expressed inconditions2d outragesagainsttheEnglishConsulatZacMOcas,whode factinaButteringconditionTorwant ofwater. Toecap and98th. clineompayaheavy arbitrary tax,aadwhose house tatowaakindlyreceived bythealcalde, whodisclaimedOnly a few dtya ago such a piece of business was con eluded, giving *60.(t0 cash and receiving such bona* for five millions of dollarsnominated Fremont; but tbe apparent and a11-engrossing principle to be upheld, judging from t h e past history o f the party, a tbe abolition of slavery "now snd forever." Ontbto issue therepublican partyassume* theahape of a purely sectional party, advocating a principle whichJonathan Shumaker. t Charles Lee Armour,a J . Annen. 8—Montgomery Blair,Fredericklddtas.Althi* anHow proud John Bull must feel when hehears the last28. The surplus tobacco that may result at the depots was entereu into by force, his strong box opened by main all knowledge ot the tiring upoa our rangers, and saidif iBrtancadas,andlotherespectivegovernors,forattheterminationofthecontract,aftercoveringalltheforceandthemoneyextracted,whilsttheFrenchConsulsuchathinghadtofactoccurred,itwasaltogetheramisbringsoneportionoftheUnionInhostilitytotheother, AustinBlair, 81—WUbamM.Berth,Ions shall be gtvea to the Direction General ofAt Large.their indorsation, m order that they may taice the necet- allotments and orders which may have been made on the was taken m jail between a file of fifty sol Hers. Both lake, and was contrary to the positive orders which hadnatymeasuresfordacustody,andthevigilanceofthe contractor,agreeablytoconditions2dand3d,shallbere- Consulswenttothecapitaltoeompaintotheirministers, beengiventothesoldiers Aftersometimespentinpre- prejudicial alike tothecommercial, agriculturalandW. W. Murphy, J.WFerry,J. J St. Clair.'Dutrict DelegatesH.P.Johnson, 28—a a Vincent.ThomasJ.Devon. Rhone faland. At Large.Ja* F . Siaaeaa, W. a Dorfee. Benedict 1 Apnea, HenryStaples.District Delegttst1—Simon H Green, RowlandG.Hanird.2—Bsnj F . Kemee,Canpos, the leader of n portion of the Ubornl force*sM9ntmswmws»tmmn»tsntsmt0smsnm9Miwsws»ut*Mms^smmmnm—•*.«M"»^—»—proYieioaefshallbeKentuckyandVirgtaia,tosection11ofchelawofcontablbdad. Tacvb<^A(kmmtnuraiwf^(>utragffryMrwnttn'iawo-wardsthecityotDurango,andtonatalwithCamposwillNamesofOneDelegatestotheDr.CartaEjugnt,' 18.B.-ow*.order a theTwatlgbtopart*.at least, ef the geaatttycon- S&JSS &*-Tto"-!? S^SSS£ MovtmetU of Mr. McLane, de.ft-Alexaw.tiawe*: t - H B Broaia,HAt Large.George F Talbot, William H. MeOriUis. JohnL.Stevens, Rensselaer Cram.Outrict Delegates.1—Mart P. Wentworth, Leonard Andrews. fl -Chariot J Gilman,SewardDM.8— Nathan G. Btohborn,fie*, w Lawrence. 4 - 0 . A- Wing,J.&Baker.8 flames! F. Horsey,George Dalbora. 0-JohnWest,Washington Lang.at Large.DuUid Delegates.to eatneaaa, with tka minimum walfht of sixteen ' to whichthetobaeeamoat at he suitable tor wrappers;Jrewnebfcoatomntor a now puebc, aato thall kejntdn, sadtheeldcontractor shall beliabletopaybothIke difference of price on tko tobaccos that may be bought en ktaaccount before the aoeomplahment of the new aato and the diflerence that may result on the tobaccos be-We have little news from your quarter, thanks splendidarrangementsofourgovernmentfornail era, which deficiency leaves na and our Minister timet without newt for nmonth.There wan a Into here that the Miramon steamers would bereturned,eithertoMarinortoSpain,whichwool*he n shame, u we cannot tee how the conduct of our gallant oflicettcanbeapprovedorandthe vesselt notbecon- sidered'a lawful prize.It io beyond n doubt, notwithstanding their lying ttoto- menu, that they fired first, and betides that tola of Ame- ricanpropertyandUvea would have been sscrlfload If tills piratical movement had not been stopped.turned tbe duties and responsibilities of the office to which he was almost unanimously sleeted by tbe Legislature of theState. Hisreturn wascelebratedtotheusualman- ner, by the ringing of bulla, rockets, salvos of artillery, and other signs of rejoicing.L Marstoa. RiceBollock,top thall ko tottitutod cc*iormably to theto New Orleans as 18. Should the contractor, n a d o r J ^ ^ ^ r ^ £ endeavor to recover the city.Convention.THESEWARDDEMONSTRATIONSENROUTEM10—Dr. J. It Whi1 "leal inferior to eem- ther—Mediation DtoiatJ nwStocs tf Spanish btientim*— Governor Vtdanrri has returned to tbto diy and reaa.Conger. a a t o .At Large.BKOarter** **. Gf. _ _ .«.B-K-3-?. P.Lewe,Wm Bethel 4—Geo. D Bwfe. J- T Ousamiee.8—David fay nr, afifabaa 6—R W. Ctorks.JohaM, 7—Thomas „ A Liveltag8-Wa.&n«nLevi Geton. ft-Karl aa,D.W.wwigert. lft-MM L Clerk,J.V.Jonaeee,Jr 11—N. H Tea VA C E o w , 12-Jona Beaka,It has also been decided to refuse tbe paper rather pro- fusely issued by tbe previous administration , in payment ofduties,buttorequirecashforthename. Ourmer-but ef course to no avail. paring an answer to Colonel Lee's despatch, the captain manufacturing interests of the country, snd from ita na- Englishmen principally must make up their minds and recroesed the river, accompanied by the two alcaides of ture a potent agent toward* the dissolution of the socialJohn F Drere. 22—D.NWhite,Stephen H. Geyer. 28—L. L. Maguffln,get accustomed to it, because such outrages against their Reynoso, who paid Colonel Lee a v sit at a rancho calledconsuls are the order of the day, and have been commit Edtn burg, which is nearly opposite Reynoso. Here they and political fabric of tbe Union. .1—J. S. Peterson,A.D.Crane. 24-JohaPatten.lieve not, but he ought, ii In; had any blood in h a veins that would boll at such unheard ol outrages But ho sends proposalswhichhaveneitherheadnortail,and inadmis Bible in the highest degree. Of M. Gabnac such tnings srenottobewonderedat,andheevenrefusedtopermit his countrymen to have a meeting to discuss the steps to be taken sgalnst the list barbarous tax levied upon tnem. What a pity that such a scoundrel may leave the country after all alive.As icr the Prussian Minister, he has (imply made a ridiculous fool of himscit. and nobody takes notice of him. What are the United States waiting for f Every day the public debt la Increased by dozens of millions, as you may conceive from what I said above, and England must be convinced by this time that the debt never will be nor can be paid. They get 49 per cent of all duties here, taking an undue auvantage of their navy, crippling agovernmenttopaysuchdemands,which they havenot even recognised, and In Mexico they do not exact a single cent.Tbe arms of the liberals have been victorious again. Coll- ma,Tepic.AguesCalientes, Zacateoas, areagaintotheir hands,andVegawasroutedatSanLuistosuchanextent that Miramon talks of starting himself for the interior—if he can squeeze out the money. However, there are English mints to the interior, and he will help himself, no doubt, knowing that John Ball Is not savage, but rather asheep to be played with.The other day, from a mine called La Luz, 600 personswere taken prisoners, and only released by paying up— thepooronesfrom810to8100,andtherichernnet8800— snd eleven horses, and to on, as the bargain could be struck.At Queretaro, people w h o would not pay tbe tax were shut up to jail and deprived of food—starved—until wil- ting to pay.This was confessed by the newspapers of the Mhjtonon party, admitting that such wat the case, but that secret orders bad been given to the authoritiesto prevent any-quire a great deal of skill to capture him, if indeed he is captured at all. He has many friends in Mexico, and sympathizersineverytownandhamlet Ittonowonder the Mexicans hate the "Gringos" with a deadly hatred, and every time we are foiled most of them enjoy the joke amazingly*Last evening the Mexican force at Reynoso was rein-numerous, as will be aeon from the subjoined list, most ofwhomchumattentionby theiroratoricalandpractical exhibitions of restlessness and Imprudence in the advocacy of their abolition dogma*:—aJ.flaaard,Jr. Vermont.At Large.YoumaydependuponitthatIttoentirelylmpoaejbtoto atfiveminutespastteno'clock. »«•«••»»•:and Carvajal.A n eaasgemewt took p a n s between t h eofposingpartiesn littledistance fromtoecity,to whichftw uberan ware entirely aucceeaful, toofwhicht h ereactionariesevaoUntitled DocumentChicago delegates to adjourn until the Richmond sad Bal-timore Conveniens aball bare male nominations, b e ttbit w e anticipate will b e disagreed to b y the majority. F. P . Blair,1—James Bryan, Firstefall,wearetoInquirewhattotobetheplatform D.W.Orem. WilliamJeasup.statedtheirIbusesofcomrlalntinthepreeenoeofColonelLee,MajorJpintzeltnanandMajorFord,andseveralout- Tocarryouttheprinciplesofsuchaparty,managedaser ofliceif^tand promised to use every means In their it la by the most expert politicians known in powertocaptureCortinas,oranyefhitband. Theyre- ourhistory, tbestandard bearer of it, in theahape 8—FrancaQuton,Erattus Hnssey. 4—D. C. Buckland.Michael T. C. PVessner Sew Hampshire.At LargeEdwardH.Rollins, Aaron H. Cragln, Wm. Hate, AnrosTuck.Lutnct Delegates.1—Nathan Hubbard, George Matbeeon.2—D. F. Martina, Francis H. Morgan.8—Jacob Barton, J. O. Bean.H e w Y o r k .At Large.Wm. M. Everts, Preston King,J. L. Schoolcraft, Henry a Selden.Dxtunct Delegates.1—George W. Carta. Frederick W.Lord2—Ja*. a T. Stranahaa, Henry K Kent.Now, the principal English merchants have bean ex-pelled, some have been pressed a s soldiers; mints andconductas have been robbed; Englishmen have beenbarbarously murdered. and what does England say? DoesLordJohnRussellstatethesefacts to thenation? Ibe- dit,Cortinas,hasgone,nooneknowswhere,anditwillre- The republican aspirants for the Presidency areThere are six companies of troops near Reynoso, and several infantry companies above on the river. The ban-of a Presidential candidate, must be amtn whose mind it thoroughly imbued with the peculiar and dangerous doc trine* of this party.forced by thefrom CamargoMatamoros W e also learn here this evening that Col, Lee received some important tetters from General Garcia, commanding the Mexican troops in Tamaulipas, supposed to be an assurance on his part of an active co-operation in the search alter Cortinas.THE PRESIDENTIAL ASPIRANTS. Edward Bates.arrival of o n e hundred cavalry soldiers a n d t w o hundred infantry soldiers fromMissouri MassachusettsOhio Kentucky Pennsylvania New JerseyCalifornia Maine.New Hampshire IllinoisN. P . Banks. Henry Witooa. & P . Chase. C. M. Clay.8. Cameron.W. L. Dayton. William PenningtonJ. C. Fremont. William P. Feaaenden. John P. Hale.Abraham Lincoln William H Seward.aN.Briggs,P. t. Waahbnrn, K D. Mason,E C Redington.Dtttriot /Mays* 1 —Jao W. Stewart,E a Burton 2—Hugh H Henry, Wm. Ctopp.3—Wm. Clapp, E a Sawyer. Texaa.AtLarge.District Delegates.2-M. J. E. Chandler, A. J. Yoakum.Vlrgiala.At large.AlfredCaldwell, a M.Norton,J. C Underwood, w. w . fiftt.District Deltgtm.1—Jno. N. Pettigrew, Wm. Bstdftdge.Z. F. K. Brown. 8—Stephen Swift,Root Prtace. 4—Sylvester Lynch,JohnM James 5-Mordecai wneaar.L K. Taaaapacn. 6—AbramC leant,7—Jao. Underwood, George W.Jacfer&—Cornelias Hot, Samuel M Ji8 •George Rye,E. K. Marnheh.10—A. W. m a g * * Dr. D- wTJboarto 1 1 - w a . B Oaiastat, Ooi a M rtoeraorv12—Wm. T. Gate, W. a Wihan-18-Jehn Tayior. joba v. a Vans*Wisconsin.AtlageThus far there baa been muchtier in various ways since the commencement of the pre- sent most unfortunate disturbances, which God grant may toon be brought to an end.tteymuutn, M a e s . SIT)DKN DEATH OF TWO OUSTERS. [From the Boston Traveller, Mny 12 ]Tbe people of Weymouth have recently been thrown into great excitement by *he sudden death, at tea o'clock P. M. on the evening of May 3, or Betsey Francis Tirrell, oldest daughter of Mr. Wilson Tirrell, n merchant of this city, whose residence a at South Weymouth, near Wey- mouth landing. An Investigation which has followed her death,leadingtosingularandsadrevelations,andthe connection ot the circumsiancee attending her decent* withthoseofayoungersister,whodiedfourmonthsand one day previously, hare increased the excitement, aad given rise to numerous speculations In regard to the cause.Mary Tirrell, the younger daughter, waa a very beau- tiful and well educated girl, of about eighteen year* of age- She had been complaining of ill health for a brief period, when she was suddenly taken with what was sup-J. Dunbar Henderson JamesSoon,J. Strauss.S. FitchOne session has been hold, and some five or six wfeH.?£!*•*"a**Usemtheyoungsisterofth* deceased, her rather and mother, Geo'. "<Tleraey^ aad Dr. Apnteton Howe, tbe family physician, who bad performed an autopsy.The session was, however, a private one, and the jury vcted to bare their proceedings kept secret until tha termination of their investigation, which will not be for8—James Gallup.H.H.Starkweather S-CH.Test, 28—Alex,aWitttoans, HeesCfoeter,blood abed on this fron-A Startling a a d Mysterious Tragedy at New Yorkthese candidates willThe friends of these candidates will assemble to fullforceatChicagotomorrow,and,frompresentIndicationsto the political hortoon, "the walk over tbe Presidentialrace course" predicted for Seward promisee to be a firstclassraceofrailbloodedpoliticalstock. CharleaM.Brigs* WmBeagratThe Slates which the republicans consider doubtful tothe ensuing campaign are Pennsylvania, Illinois, NowJersey, Iowa and Indiana. In these States, therefore, thereismuchworktobodonebetweentbittimeandthe 8—WilliamCurtisNoyesiirst Tuesday In November, and it would be granting butan set of justice to the delegations from these States thattheir voices should hare much weight to the choice of a 10—Ambrose L Murray,Dr.Howeperformedan autopsyInthiscase,whichre-suitedintheCoronerdirectingI)r.Howeiohavethecootents oftbe stomach analysed by a BstomachwasaccordinglytakentoDr.A.A.Hayes, J.A. GOSSIPOPTBSOONVnNTIOH. Aitayer, oftbto city.Dr. Hayes has made the desired analyta of the con tonto of the stomach, aad discovered unmiatakeable evi- denceofthepresenceorstrychnineinto cacae death.Tha morntt g a spoon wag tent him b y the family. ^ which be found strychnine, and frost tbto M asupi>osed the poison was token.There are,jf course, a thousand rumors in circulation In retard to the affair, many pointing towards a certain party as the seducer of the deceased, but a s nothing h a s jet been legally developed tmpUcattng him in the matter, we refrain from publishing these statemento nasi they thai] have been legally tovesttgnted.MawToss Pott Omcna-A new PottOfficehasbeen S taayas a t Bsvenewood Long —COMPBOMSt CANDIDATE.It la avid that to ease any aoriont difficultyitselftotheChicagoCooventton onI of* candidate. Hon. Benjamin F. Wads, UnitedficmOhto, will be brought forward as aSEWARD IN CHICAGO.Hon. William H. Seward left Uttoa on Saturday afternoon,tocompanywithanumberNewYorkdelegates forCbtoago.^ A WORD rem SANER.Tbe Springfield (Mast.) nasasMiaw fniart oh tton of Governor Banks, who, If aetoctod, to flof the editor, would obtain tat rotatof one_J. M. ID. H. Hopkins.D. C. GreenfieldCarl Schulu,Chat.Collin* «—H. B. Bran eh.2—James Jeffries. W. P. Ewtof.18—WUham Batter, KhaeG Furat16—KirkBanes, Walrwin17—WilliamV'aeOaav D. M'Cauaagey.18—A. A Barker,18—W. W Stewart, DarwinEPbelp*80—AndrewStewart,Smith Falter.3-John A. Kennedy, Ameztah D. Barber. 4—Owen W. Brennaa,Robert T. Haw* 6—Thomas Murpny.1—a J. Garraon,6—Joseph C. Plnetney, Marshall B Blake7—DanielD.Conover, John Keyaer.JamesW.Nye.ft— Edmund J. PorterWUtardWerL-. 18—P. N. Schuyler,14—H. W.Tracy,John t nana. wtS**offices•*, i ,P* "^j-DelawareThomas M. Tryniskiouth 4th Street Fulton New York13069ttaftt•s island, on the last J+wr^to viuet 0Irmruww.funltonhistory.com 