 itIllinois CentralHudson River ....New HavenCleveland and Toledo.. 69,865 Rockland Island 55,4»o Mil. and Mississippi.... 39,780 Michigan Central 101,386 Chic., B. and Quincy... 83,041188,000 212,713 67,278 77,615 70,565 37,212 110,712 104,801 130,000 97,016 282,07065,064 20,652 2,000 17,760 16,070 — 9,326 21,760 27,978 646O —Inow do well to call and exchange their old stock harbor; 9th, got under way from the Breakwater, Mew York pilot on board, and fine breeze from toe southward aad cleari iINew YorkCentroJ. 748NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1860.A SteBleo TUB USBA T SOCIALCa*e a*Star-first casta I B T f?wo*n or m DB Wieraad*iHBiilly»y pa- wwamg to eater to the appetites of tao depraved^ webareyea. Mi JHUtgbtourse, Beaflo, B C Dudley, Mr roller, Orarea, SS Fletcher, OHJ 1 Prtee. L Lee, Jr, J A feraatoD, Thee Biowar aPre* BlBhssniid, A*,ta *a P Ore* DC, Cast B MoCraf..liltou. , 1 1 if Mr. Sherman, on whom now devolves the ArtyMr Blade, Mr of providing wsys and means for the gownuswnt, market to protect their engagements. Theymust from Baltimore, also bound to thM port, striking bar abaft las MARAlr*>,n before «hf e i • Bbs vices «f_eas- ajg^rtoserupotousty avoided refereneete — vJHFrteners QCUera,MrJawnaowe Upaard 'aiea, D B Booerla, Mbw Mshonld bring forward a scheme authorising s>«ew loan of ten to fifteen millions of dollars.Foreign exchange has been dull throughout theweek, and closes 4 lower on both sterling andfrancs than at the dose of the week previous-theauthorised quotations for bankers' bills bem£ i»J8ja \ for sterling, and $,1§4 a 5.20 tor francs. Im-compete for stocks with the natural demand that mart then exhibit itself. Between the two com petitors it is not difficult to calculate the resultCITY COMWERCIA1. REPORT. SATCKBST, Feb. U—6 P. M.ABBES.—The market was quiet and the prices un- changed. We continue to quote pots at »*& and pearlsatmain rigatoa, and entttog her through. She sank ia aboutthree quarters of an hour altar ta 7 fathoms water. OaptD and etew saved nothing but their clothing and yawl boat They were brought to the city last evening by Waiting Jaeob Bell. CaniLkSMn. The Brothers was 2M tons, rated A 2, batit at Aiiowaystown in is** and a owned by Oapt Davey, Mr Thorp, of NTork,MrReeves,ofJerseyCity,aaSatbara.Tns WRBCS a* BABE Hou-two—CosSPCTIow—In our tome of Saturday we stated that the sehr Eagle, Oapt Gregory, of Bocklaae, bound from Maw York for Newcastle, Del, waa re- turningtothisportfor* harborwhenshefelltowiththeboatMARA VILLA,MABAVILLA, MABAVILLA. MABA VILLA. MABAVILLA, MABA VILLA, MABAVILLA, MABAVILLA, SUBATTLLA.of the braised heart then repaired to their Icated all. As soon as tha bo bade the brother to join nasi in peayer-.'-sao that u a Lard might < them upon SwstwaMnI 1their bended knees mrnutoeta, and the husbandOMLT ONLTTWENTY -FIVECENTS. CANTS.the course to"•hf> - VwswaBoTgefMt ' 4WBB» they earnestlyf prayed for manyThe scheme isBtoptonsi. strardrahaaad and aassewhat comforted. thslrBtto she obsarea, i wvaktHe toldpiopmty as bar adoptedHe wrote thus to "FOB SALE BT ALL DRCtWWS, FOR SALE BY ALL DAOQGISTS. FOB SALE BT ALL PBPOOrSTS. FOB SALE BT ALL DBrFOB SALE BY A1X.•C 4mmM dVPbstQ»frwt QWMT W0 whole an deatoi, only "teUquality from theenough.eat financiers in the country are already lookingforward with great anxiety to the future.Everything now looks well The crops aregood, and are netting good prices to theproducers; commerce is increasing andconfidence is gaining ground; the only dark spotson the horison are the bank expansion anJ the im-ports of dry goods. If any guarantee could be road Company at 71} at any time within sixty days o ber assistance and brought her to the cnv.rightbeeqaeatty weak Bast toof the truth of whichThetogeaJi •f*toe*wT ^ ^ - ^ o daabT"*'Sehr William Henry"fcharrott,Virginia ,3 days. Sehr Tunis Depew, skiwards, Virginia, 3 days Bear Ann B Baker, Ireland, Virginia, 3 days. Sehr Tufta, Brewster, Virginia, 3 daya.FOB BALEBT ALLwrrnmuMmiT,J »> Brtgga, J A Brown, J LeafL ? w ^ N & AS B ^ Z ^ A M T S B FH»M-«A«AI. IMBISHeantyjsejsal*,V todustmualy exrcanted kg taose which SKSMBgers of wrong—the Coaatpa. 1•We BOW arrrve m*vmtm\<xm*mmm,iSta eaee of aactoty desnaa* M M M ofWK. far the gvauStation of their taatfnl^ boa>ea, render ****** tareo*n nfe taetr victims, •rib whole beoaestoWsof their friands.gtato toe fair esKVO dagraea Bare a«» eard*** BesetNothing bet tba Mtrapastr iasfe na to meet•ucb cases, aad since ear Chtoafo_d^a.ir-y anat lfy MM ooi, the Crimea, tha tolbes aad vines •flha poor and•w'y, excepting where a poBttoalaaraiHtoha"sna pa** over a caa* ten Ihmtaad tensetreat u* up of a den of infamy by tha poUoe, of John K«il} • gesttog draak, Mr Mrs. S., bavin*- a row about tha w.tsr suwrj, as-oka lira. W.'s eye lata Mourainf ior the WK of the poor gjrl who, friendless, hosaatoas and cold, .•snared by the waste's tore of ahaw hi drsas, beoomea aa outcast upon the ttreet-ell of which are detailed withS t whca Michigan avenue baoaaaa tha aceae of a low aaa o>ba«»« crimo, and when a mansion a proved to ha a foahrr den than tha larJofa hoase, oar eotamporariea are nknt; they have aat a ward la amy.«rf Mic^yaMwoMttMmtoheaUesA.K m tha silence, perhaps, which baa induced na to Guano Islands. Theaa atenda lie in 170 went longitude,•prradthematterbeforeoarreaders.Weharenore-and3>isouthlatitude,2,000milesfromtheHawaiiangroup.aped tor adultery, beeanao B * oomsaiUed hy the elegant, toe »araed, the atemagly pious and tba woalthieat of tha wealthy, thorafora, woWahSMWiinh/ take ap tbia matter, ax»i sbaii contmoa to take np all simfkr eaaea which reach ee eauaily as weB anthen*cate* aa thM.()?r object M, hy. ahowms up theaa Immoral.tiea, to sruoee anlliOent intereat ta induce diacuasjon, aad to Md, 4 peaarbtt, a aolutioa of t h » groat immorai qoaatios. tMoVooe may r»* no Who caatafi aa why B h)that as wo. are frowm« in Lateirtence, we eeen to ha faillBf back mto UM iweauottsneaa of tha dark agea; why » a that• bile fee church a bsaaBnf of iaf^amrfhaathsa oon- ,•**», wo s*edota^womthajitho«mcta1atas^Sal why it s that o» the Tory ckMrreh Baetf, many of the ahmtaa labM ill iliaMSi deacons and waters—are the oaaaof the Post Office Appropriation bill, Mr. Cobbwill have to re-enter the market ss s botjwwer lar method] sf dealing in stocks may be very pro-ICB for a number of IOB PBJCBArrivals and Departures.ABBTVALS. CalMnrata, v s Aspinwail, la the- Osrttoad, Col W H Hale, M a 1of single name paper, or paper that is offered st a high rate of interestThe movements of the government will probablyexercke so small influence on the money marketthis year. Notwithstanding the heavy receipts forduties.it is likely that very shortly after the peonageonly to depress the stock market but to keep it depressed for longer intervals than usual. It will be equally clear that new elements are introduced, calculated to retard the growth of confidence, and new incentives created to induce individuals to labor for the reductioB of prices. There are, how- ever, two aides to the question. While this singu-, VILLA. ,VILLA.gale to aafety-tbe balance of toe reseats ta tha harbor, constat mm. ingor fourteen soars sad twelve stoops, are all ssSare to thetot, but will come.off when the weatoer avoaarates.iMaaanr. J Laator BSCtark, B L BJosiah Campbell, B MeKee, H Look. A Gamage, J - _ .aawW WM w ^ r W f v .once more. It is supposed that he has on hand not lific of profitable results during the periods ofIMPOSTS.1866. »1,439,M8 General merchandise. 68S.737Total for the week.$2,028,966 Previously reported.. 9,004.4601868. 3,414,078 2,491,50a6,906,578 28409,861lg60 2,314,692 1,839,6188,964,310 24,567,16928,621,4797,378,490132,936 192,161 66,278Forthevxtk.Dry goodsTWKNTT FIVMSince Jan. 1EXPOBTS EXUXSIVB or$11,083,4161868. $966,1561869. 923,8171860. 1,999,060Baltimore and Ohio.... 314,201The Central and Erie reports have not come toDec 20, lat 86 10 8, long 22 20 B, spoke French ship Orion, ofF o r t b e w e e kPreviously reported. 4,671,044 3,826,101 6,469,421Queen. 80 days from Singapore for London, 2Sd, lat 34 ST 8, Charleston (before reported dd Jsn 14 at Franklin); 3d, sehr over last year. All the Western roads, except the Ion 18 23 S, noke Br bark Adamant from MauriUus for Pal- B W Gardner. Bourne, do.Since Jan. 1$6,536,200 EXPORTS OF SPBOX.1848. 1869.Fortbeweek $2,928,270 361,550 92,360small falling off, in consequence of the want of8, Ion 27 46 W, spoke ship Magnolia, of Boston, 67 days from Chile for Uverpool. Feb 9th, at midnight, after a passage of 88 days from Angler, took a pilotThe movement of specie has been against the bank average—the Sub-Treasury having been a large gainer since last week, and some small sums having been sent abroad. At the close of last week the banks held an average specie reserve of $19,924,301, and the Sub-Treasury a balance of $9,010,569. Yes- terday the Sub-Treasury balance stood at $9,676,732, nearly the whole of the $1,100,000 having been paid in on account of the loan awarded on 31st January; and the bank reserve probably stood at about $19,250,000. This is, however, exclusive of $1,476,000 received en Friday afternoon from Cali- fornia, which will restore the bank average to the neighborhood of twenty-one minions. There is no prospect of a revival, for some weeks at all events, of heavy specie shipments to Europe, and as soon as the Post Office Appropriation bill passes, the Bub-Treasury balance here will be speedily trans. ferred to the banks. For the present, therefore, the banks stand in no danger of embarrassment from any undue drain upon their bullion; though, if they continue, as last week, to increase their loans at the rate of a million a week, it is certain that before the year ends they will have troublethe Southern, are doing unusually well.was called at the board for the first time, and wasTamss, both hence for Port au Prince—the latter Kendriek Fish, Wall, Richmond. MOMS Waring. Crowell, NMABAVTLLA? MARAVILI.Rr MARA VILI.A? MARA VLLLA? MABA VILLA? MARAYTLLAT MABA VILLA? MABA VILLA?Many of the most experienced aad sound'offered that the banks would this spring keep their discount line within moderate boonds, and that the dry goods importers would not mcrssse their par-c****"fromabroad, it would be safe to predict aand towed to Sandy Hook, where the steamtug Rescue 0**^*°« of sobd and unexampledprosperity for theFr bark Juliet, Joibert. Boston.Kee, Rio Janeiro; schrs Jas Malison, Burt and 8 Wsabburn,BkortafSi^LinirS "****•deaiMd fcU w e r e forc<ldon to the extent of many thousands of shares weekly, an ucuatural and excessive supply of stock. Contracts can he mads, aad art dafly being made, for the right to can for thousands of shares of Galena and Chicago, Bock Island Read- ing Railroad, Panama and Pacific Mail Company,besides many others, ss well ssIt will at once be perceired that here hi a newwRSON, LL Fab 10-A heavy galeot wtodA Park, llandUParhrow Mrs Hayes, ITS Fulton?%£££££*Daniel B. Clark, Fens avenue, Wsawngtoe, IX C.Van Sobaaek A Oftarana, SB King street, Cbarlsatna, 8. <W„ .. W.... «Ltoosto. Savannah, Ga,•- •• a<vU-b»•*»- BaTnII• AS* Hariaad. Clark A George, Mobile, Ala.Jaaass Byrne, New Ortosa* Rousset AQeam, NewMr* C. Barnard. Getasntea,'_ J. D. Park, Ctoatanaa. Obto. Churchill A Bra, Clevetand, 01 Geo- H. Keytar, Pttaburg. Pa, Hhrby 8 Bteerta, Detroit Mleh.A 00., MMaideniaae,N.T.,Sola:to be satisfied wr* SJL *°parting from At the diaeountget paper. paper con- stGewd 4nS7 a 8 per cent, while short first find a market at 0.New York Central aooroe of apparent supply of these various stocks,RICHMOND, F e b * - « d brig Amy Warwick, Brown, JsaShu; sehr B Areotarina Snow, Msbfls.Rio29,016,439 Smb.Michigan Southern Harlem102,027 90,866MABAVILLA. MABA VTLLA. MABAVILLA. MABA VILLA. MABA VTLLA.4,749,918Galena, are doing better. The Galena shows a mouth; 27th, lat 27 67 8, Ion 7 48 B, spoke Dutch bark Maria Adradne, 67 days from Batt via for Rotterdam, Jan 13, lat 4 B0ALEXANDRIA. Feb 10—Arr schrs Eugene, Hawen, Boston: Minnesota, Baker, Mew York. Bid sehr Haadaoa, Ogden, New York.2,961,120corn on that line.The Michigan roads, especiallyme ltnien*!>•*.*«• appHcationa"aly.I take the hnarty of asadtag yon a tew- k!!T^ »-»« «id to be de-lftetifllluinMl &iutri^vlnVBBS flBlTjl —•* A few small failures tokoUSAVANNAH, Keb T-Arr steamship Augusta. Woodhun, N York. C, 1 Br bark Mary Richard* Trefry, Liverpool.sale st 9 s II per cent BswtiatomthjMto*-»•,andn»o«ospsBdismswjntitledDocument.ptor H Bast Bivar. on had her stern stove by one of the Fulloa ferry bsau.tress Savannah. .« .— «.•..n . j rf-»-=r^ias._iri j » j ^ . the summer. It would B^kesurprB*h»,thersJ»re,*01T*T, *»WBLewteTolakor,TW T Mason. Mre L Boat! ~If If Iffconthtt»,,MraC B W; Waiter L H Soaihard, W W Alien, OU latheDBBARTUBM.- ** fnvt^ak. la tMBTisniaMg florlda-Caot Howes 8 L fV*», U W Tolles, Joan ThompsMa, W VreeUnd C Powers, jmesui. MrsCPowers and daughter, ¥ B Spencer, CJOtlbert. Mrs John R Weed and enOdT Mtoi M Hunier, f 1 _M^ianto7;*lf6 * c .BWWDCTVFTS.—Flour—The market for common grade*Wheeler and lady,Hetae Copperfield,"A Bid, ABlood, a n a Ida C- opperoeld. MlM HHWeia. J MBYadawaatnadporters are unusually Uckward in remitting to theother side—a circumstance which is ascribed in of 8tato and Western was firm, while tha higher and containing CaptFoy and seven of tba crew of bark Holland,OWLYT TWBNTT-FTvn v,I.JKenn , jsa—sawaajj BWawajajIKJBW—LMpBrHi _some quarters to the dolness of trade, in others,and apparently on better grounds, to the moderateextra grades were unchanged. Sales were moderate,which had gone ashore to the northward of Barnegat Inlet at IPM on the 7th mat This, Capt Gregory says, is not the case. When be rescued Capt Foy sad seven of ate crew he was Wand ing on his course for Nswoaslls, Bel. nor woald be have re- turned to It* port but tsr Capt i'oy, whotoldhim (Capt "ry) that he was desirous to reach New York as soon asCapt Gregory, fearing be would not have suntotont pto hold oot until he reached Newcastle, concluded, at the i__ citation of Capt Foy. to alter bta course aad steer•for Ne w York, and arrived here while the gale was at the hstghth of ks fury. cipfdregory aayi that the"Bagle has sunfcredToThe of 81000 by her return to this portONLY Twaarr-rTTB OMLYT TtVBNTI FTYBand todyWm raiieude. wife and ehild, Mrs Notiemier and child, J Wlooker and lady, P Barks and tody. Ca Burrandtody,Mrs l-lpfcond, A Lippman, B M Dougas, Mai Wektan end aoa, Abeing confined to about 5,000 a 6,000 bbls., closing the following range of prices:—withinHidesIn fair request, with aalea of 300 hhde. and tierces atSJKca 7>«c. for shoulders, with hams at full price*. Lard wasThe feature of the stock market all last week was firmness combined with inactivity. There is nogreat demand for stocks (with the exception ofState stocks) either for investment or for specula-tion; but, on the other hand, there are no stocks pressing on the market for sale; hence, prices arewell supported in a dull market The leading r e l s operators at the board are bears, but, against theMABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA.M A B A V T L L A - •MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA.I860.BOSTON. Feb 10—Arr ships Richmond, Gookm, and Baser, Hartz, NOrleans; bark Gen Warren, Sparrow, Salt Key, TI; brigs Hereon Saundms Surinam; Emerald lata (Br), Hogan, Turks Islands. Cld bark Champion, Mayo, Charleston, brigmore than $2,000,000 to $3,000,000 of Tressory notes; too email an amount to carry him throughpublic disorder, it mast tend to produce greatfyonafesaftSOJJLT JJJBNTTFTTl OWLT ~ ~ ~CUL TAmwSuperfine State H Cordon, F L Warden, kdwd L Oordon, K Bergen, B h indebtedness of tne United States to Europe. Extra State$5 10 a 5 80 a 6 10 n 6 81 a 6 88 a 6 60 a 6 80 aAcUms, L * Vinton, A W Mason, tody twoebudrea aad ser-vant. J BDeweryVOl,Tarry. WHUQaton, B 8 Hoyt,Thos There probably never wss s time when our people Superfine WesternBdgar, AK8bawe,DJacason, B 0 Armatoad, O Mark, D 9 Blmtarry, Mb* Kimberly, Mim K Etoiberly-and 0 In theCommon to choice Western extra owed less to Europe than they,do at present, not- Extra Geneseewithstanding the heavy importations of last year. Mixed to straight Southern Straight to good extra doaboeehearu are rive* over to lust and infamy. Is tha Europe report a buoyant market at Liverpool, and comes before the public in a foolish aad ridiculous quiet; sales of 200 bags Rio were made at 12c a l S ^ o , thing off deck, sad eauateg toe cargo to shift On Thursday, MABAVILLA,**• moral of our book learning? a tba the result of toi higher prices; hence oar market has advancedand 75 bags Laguayra at 18c.saw a sehr ashore cmCurrituck Beach, with n part of cargo landed.Scan dinars HOBS, Flinn, hence, before reportedMABAVILLA, MABA VILLA, MABAVILLA, MABA VILLA, MABAVILLA,^^ w nof tha Baa arur There a aoraathiag wrong to aU nneedaaeolatBm, who shafl ajsa BTfolly i a cent The movement is predicated, in part, on the increased demand for raw cotton which will flow from the adoption of free trade in France, and the commencement of a new era ofHappily fora sHere, wBhai the pest year, two Oucago clergymen haveCOTTOS—The foreign news received by the Canada at Halifax imparted more tono to the market, and led to increased activity. The transactions footed up about 8,600 bales, chietly on the spot, casing stiff on the basis of about(Charleston, reports:—On the tot tost during a heavy ga>e from * I a heavyaortod from thaw Bocks becaaae of ImmoraHttsa practised bv them among tha very aaea whose souls were confided W'their paatoral oharga, two men to high, reapoaaibie po-toe north, shifted ballast and waa boys down, got the \ easel before the wind, when sns righted, and scudded her before tba gals under bare petes. On the t a tost expertoneed a heavy gale from southeast, when both sassts had to be out awayon private terns.into Chicago; at present the receipts, especially of hear of such a step. We are not sure that the cause NAVAL STORSS—Sales of 200 aad 800 bbls. spirits turpen- hoaiiBS improper intttaacy wBh a dktesTuabed awyer; corn, are very large indeed. There seems no of commerce, which the "Chamber" hi supposed to tine were made in lots, in shipping order, at 46>ic Rosin was firmly held at81 60s 81 62, with some sales at the have in especial charge, will be a heavy sufferer by inside figure; new held firmer at the outside figure. Cruderumor that a leadinf banker **<**TM««and fctn the story got afloat aeall bad oaeawlU.and themem in vartowa forma, and dressed to suit the teller, have Seen «mce veatimlod to every pace where two or more •ertoaa have been gathered together,^ t u s case has remaekahla features to it, and fewer paldoubt but last year's crop in the West, notwith. standing partial failures here and there, will, in the average, compare favorably with past yeara, and, unless the foreign demand which we have been so long told to expect should arise, will enable the people of the North to purchase bread at a mode- rate price all summer.There is a better demand for pork and beef, and both have advanced, especially the former. In Illinois the receipts of pork are larger than last year; elsewhere the report is that the crop is shorta new Chinese war. There are races who cannot turpentine was held at 83 82. and tar was firm at $2 25« . . - , » circumstances than, perhaps, even the tamed a i e s aitolr. Neither of the guilty pair a handsome— on the contrary, aha a a alight, sallow woman, very plain, ecrtv interesting for her Ine back eyea and black hair, Shirty two yeara of aget the mother of two glra, and a •biro an nfant in armi. 8he Wi* a meek, lowly woman,SBparaBtiy absorbed IB her Christian and domestic duties; a member of a fashionable church on the avenue, and seemmgly Much wrapped op to her self imposed work ia the Sabbath school, abe waa brought up under the roof af an ex member af Congress of New York State, and a railroad msgnalr whose honor and fair fame to private Ble have Barer been sullied. She was adopted by turn; her generous dower furnished by him; na sensible ideasat 67c. a 69c.; 400 barrels crude whale sold at 60c sad 100 do. sperm at $1 42 cash.cash,ih * f * £ * »of dress were Implanted to herbosom,forshewasre- Theforeignproducemarketexhibits nomarkedmarkable in ear streets for her neatness of apparel, while her unostentatious manner waa the theme or comment. Many times she might have been seen drawing tba baby carriage through the streett with her own hands,although ahe was surrounded With servants, aad lived to a viia- bnin palace of Milwaukee wrick, on Michigan avenue; on tha graperies and hothouses towhich, alone, S10O,00D bad been expended by her jrenerous aad too oonndio* husband. She was a •am, modest, courteoaa woman, of more than ordinary hrtelhgence: and her fall a certainiy more surprising than ifehehad bean a ywang giddy, pretty woman, badly t rougbt up aad auddenSy arisen to fashionable life and all the biandahmeata of a {tew and tattering position.The seducer a a awyer of some eloquence, of consider- able ability and of marked success. He was a member of »«DgTesstrom a neighboring State, and a a husband and kuher of eight children and resides a the North Divaton.Any uae who baa attended our courts has observed a kail, th»n man, with a tern upnone, light hair, sprinkled wan gray, a face almost covered with hair, and shaved so the English or Lord Dondreary style, with rather an affected, bet nevertheless able manner, conducting cases before the several tr*unaa Tba a the man who has brought ruin ami shame upon tha woman, who has eruah- ed the heart of one of our beat citizens, and who seems new by his brazen parade of our streets to be without ahame The reasons for suah a fall, are as difficult for us to comprehend as it was for Hamlet to account far ha mo- ther's crime, the mardering of her noble husband for his• raven brother.What makes the crime still worse, much of the busi-ness of tha honorable f ) was gained through the man whom he has ee basely wronged; ana the best of it—the lucrative railroad attorneyships he held—wore gained through the wronged men s influence with na unfortunate wife's adopted fatbar. He was nkewa»4be banker s ai lorney, his confidant, ha friend; and was not only received toto ba home, but through him he gamed access to other SamiUes ot note and respectability. Shall we sermonize •pea bene lngMBitade?: No. lot tha suffice: for eighteen months tha viUain has been dealing the home of ha best frwaa. Besidea belss a hbextine, he lost soma M.0M at n a y some two years since at one of oar leading hetoa. WhUe ia Wsebrtogton he was the subject of a rumor aa setog ana who tried to rum a daughter or niece of a now fjnhinti Mlsann to 18*7 he effected the rum of a married woman on aha Korth Snto; and white be was betraying •he beaker* wWe, this ugly aaharto was recently seenlathewoMs^BtoBupbyeJbBsideeadwom We jaotawellea^Bypaorkryrflhamaa; orthawo- i, who, when a ne-ghboring female waa accused of a, the firm stone," and said ahe would not reoogatoa ber to society, evea while ahe was receiving and rvtsvntng the vntta of tha wreteh to tha form of av a n aye, \aimeeting him in h a office.Tha iBnir waa discovered strangely. Tha banker •issonsad by tba famiiarity of a young Eng- ,an sjsjraace agent residing here, with ha wife, and to watching for some overt act on their part, caught to company wwh bar hfe friend, ha counsellor, undergdr- ; wkM.h led aim to charge h a wife with daloy- to her marrtage vewa, and aba confessed to acta of aBy J, not only with tba awyer, but aha with tha aaaranee agent, aad a eawjaguahed arttot, well known to aba cay and m wasiawjtoa. Tha eeaBaatoa waa ae-SaawtedgLdbefevea nessry pnbttcWe have .t rrom good autbonty that tha banker set ha aaatdimm' cletk to watch the guilty pair, and one Sunday wtoie he was-suppoaed to be sttonding ha masmn school dwnee, Be.-wTto ha cmrk. took part In the watch. The •lark saw the hwrnsaba (*} enter the house, aad saw himenter the room ot the wretched woman. The clerk then tort, istoBBsa with tha husbssa, who caught the pair tachange. Sugars are very firm, without much do- ing. Coffee is buoyant at an advance. Teas are firm; some old green lately sold at auction wasat $18 50. Beef was firm, with Bales of 400 a 460 barrels, including country mess, at $6 a $6 81; repacked Western at $9 a $9 76, and extra at $10 60 a $11 60. Prime messat Rio Janeiro from Richmond.Bark Floresta, from Richmond via Pernambueo for Bio Ja-neiro, Jan IA Pernambueo Light NNW 13 miles.Bark Charks Bdwto, Littlejohn, from Bio Janeiro, steeringN, Jsn 1, off Oape Frio.A bark showing a flag with blue ground and white centre,bound N, WMpassed Febo. lat 37 10, Ion 7457. BrtoAJtWipiEgBVeV1,from Pernambueo for Philadelphia,TWENTYWhatwtTJ insure atoxurtontaead of hairt What will insure a luxuriant head of hairt What will taenia a Iniartaat band af heartwanted at an advance of two cents a pound.are steady; considerable shipments to foreign mar- kets are being made.The dry goods importers are a little disappointed with the week's business, the purchases having been less than was anticipated. There are buyers in town from the most northern of the slave States; but they, like the city Jobbers, are baying with great caution. It is too early for the buyers from the tar South or the West; butthe expectation is that when they come they will purchase freely. There can be no doubt but the Western purchasers will be able to buy more than usual; and, as the South is richer than ever be- fore, a similar increase is looked for from that quar- ter. The imports from Europe are about the same as last year.The foDowing are the comparative tables of the trade of the port for the past week and since Jan. 1:—126* 129* 180 130* 132V 41 40* 78* 80*was steady.rels at $14Beef hams were firm, with sales of 80 bar- 60. Bacon was firm. Cat meats werelight as the Chamber of Commerce.that body, the sensible remarks of one of themembers of the special committee prevented theadoption of a report on privateering which 11 ' c. for middling uplands.4BiUfe7havobjBeB gniBy of the aodaattoB of thotr manufacturing industry in that country. Indepen- would have shown the world that New York FREIGHTS.—Rates were firm, with a fair amount of en- keep tha vessel from going ashore Danl Sweeney, sns nilWhat k the best hah- dressing' •What la tea best hair dresstagthas been gaiity ofeoadoct wish a niece of ha wife—upon all of dently of this, however, there is no doubt that themerchants are ignorant of the fundamental gagements. To Liverpool about 1.600 bales of cotton were about 17 years old, had his right hand so badly mashed aaeniaged at 7 32d. a l 4d.; 400 tierces beef at 4c; render amputo'ion uumsswry. On the Tib tost was fallen in MABAVILLA. principles of American policy, and are willing to 760 boxes cheese at 27s. 6d.; 76 boxes bacon at 25s.; with by the steamship Keystone State, whan the officers aad MABAVILLA.What a tha boa baa-''*which our daily Joaraaa haTe act dropped a word of re-f* T wo more of osr churchaa are now agitated hy scanconsumption of cotton is increasing even more rapidly than the production, and notwithstanding the large area of new ground planted each year,800 bbls pork at 2s. 9d. l b London 200 tierces beef, at <rew of the Carrie Hues abandone.i her, and went on ooard of see the empire of the seas, in the time of war, ex- 6s.; 600 boxes cheese, at 40a.; and 80 tierces rice, at 80s. the steamship, when she waa ttken to tow byths latter aadclusively in the hands of European Powers. Bat To Glasgow, 100 tierces beef were engaged at p. t ; 100 taken Uito Charleston.MABA VILLA. MABAVILLA. MABA VILLA. MABAVILLA.e a a <*e, a castiag villain raaa a /eaoectable girl; andthe other a case where a married woman had consented we look for no material decline in the price. The there was no member, it seems, whs had nerve or at 60s. Rates to the Continent were steady, with moderate phia for Boston, went ashore about one mile north of 8cunset MABAVILLA.to receive the IHtott amhrBoea of a member of the sameHarbor, evening of 10th tost, ss before reported, cargo of torn,flour,molasses, Ac. Lost ehams and anchors; three feet of water in her hold. The crew are safe. She came 00 aboutMABAVILLA.AtsMOt within our ken, another diagraceful scene a•raaaoirinc oa tha wary ake shore. Up at Raauw the continue to be liberal.Mackerel oontinned to be in light supply, while the mar- half ebb, and lay on tha bar till tba tide came up, when she_CENTH.whoteoommuiiayaroagiauedhytheflagranthwmoral.ty of a emriyman of Ui« Treshjrhwwm church, who, having been mien into the hoase of aJhappy family, hasitoniS •sd slang ha oatorMBaer, by roMBag ^ a i ^ h a ^ M s - a M M forty rears eld, sad the mother af aoble grown apI Z ^ r ^ ' # e have only M coat our syeo acrtasLbo At 2 5 : to and Mrs. fluraey running away with her footman; e*d thoa we have the ctmsoa*«B that wo are no worse !«, better than our neighbora. The world seems to beThe unsettled condition of the European grain place, the United States have not credit enough at 816 28 a 816 60. Pickled herrings were heavy andbe got off after discharging ber cargo.Sena Anexan. Phflnps, from Boestand for New York, arrived at Newport llth tost, had thrown overboard deck load of lime, tt having previously caught fire.B e n F TRB.IT, of Maine, was blown ashore 10th tost, near Lewes, Del, while loading corn. She will be get off.SCBB HASP, at Charleston 10th Inst from Pnlladelpbia, on the 6th. in a severe gale ofl Cape Bomain.stovs bulwarks aud lost topmastSCBB RSKITOR, before reported ashore at Greenport, LI, was got off 4th tostSCBBGWConnives, beforereported ashoreatGreenport, LI, was got off 9th tostSCBB FRAHE DAT—About 78-belea cotton and 1400 bushels of wheat have been saved from the sehr Frank Day. The wheat was scld for 20 cents per bushel,A PCHR(name unknown) from ApateehJeota, supposed bound to Baltimore, with a cargo of cotton, is reported ashore a short datsnse 8 of Oape Henry, and wreckers have gone to ber as- sistance.WhatIstheeeeepestbafcr What is the cheapest hair Whatsjibetali of this species ot orune.Bat for Ibis case:— . .The cBy waa startled early daring tha peatjwask^y thareceipts at Chicago keep np. This time last yearLots was steady, with moderate sales at 76c and at $1 20 for both sorts.ONLT TWMTI-FTVB ONLT TWENTY FIVB ONL.T TWENTY FIVEWhathasthelargestsale? What has the larg*«t sale* What has thatargaatgatorshipments both from here andfromSouthern portsengagements.FISH—Dry cod was firm bat quiet at $8 60 a 84 62 K.ONLTONLT TWANTY FIVE CEWT8, ONLT TWENTY FITBsad floor markets has almost put a stop to our ex- port of cereals; there has been, however, an ad- vance in both wheat and flour since last week, in consequence of the increased home demand for consumption. Corn continues to decline. The graindull. Sales ware reported at 88 26 a 83 60, according to quality.MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABA VILLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABA VILLA,MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA, MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MA BA VILLA, MA RA VILLA.with the Chinese to get their own treaty carriedout, or their own Ambassador received at Pekin;and, in the second, to propose a mediation wouldat once convince the Chinese that the maritimePowers of Ear ope were afraid of them; and] Eng-there was very little wheat, floor, or corn coming land and France, well knowing this, would never MoLissKs—Sales of 300 bbls. New Orleans were madebe civilized and brought into the family of nations without a free use of the bombshell and the bayo- net Many good authorities class the Chinese in this category.The following has been the course of the stock market during the past month:—a $2 60.Ons.—linseed was steady, with sales of 8,000 gallonsMissouri 6s7079 79% 78« 73* 37 38',80' i 70* 38 V80* 71 39 V,MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA. t MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA.ONL T » ONL TReading 38Jan. 14. Jam. 21. Jam. 28. Fib. 4. Hob. 11.SLOOP MAKT G RAT, Palmer, of and from Uneasvule, Ct, with dyewood, wss ashore oa Oaepee Point 10th tost.Whalemen.Ofl and on Psita Jan 1, Eben Dodge, Lewis, KB, 480 ap.S p o k e n , «fee.Ship Rambler, hence for Acapnleo, Jan 7, lat S 30 8, loaWhat will supersede all other 1 Whatwillsupersedeall< . _what will supersede all other preparaUoi*.'the game of last year is not going to be renewed successfully.We reprint, with additions, our comparativetable of the railway traffic of January on the prin-cipal roads:—» S3|uianjr; 4Tja^^.^^ve^ 29Jan., 1869. Jan.. 1860. torease. Galena $62,410 69,921 —MABA VTLLA. MARA VILLA, MARA VILLA, MABAVILLA. MARA VILLA, MABAMTLLA. MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA.MABAVILLA. MABA VTLLA.Roads,Previously reported. 5,725,618Since Jan. 1 $8,663,889 3,312,672 1,034,669 On Saturday the "assented stock" of tie Erie bark Ariel, Cheesman, aad brig Isabella Beurmann, Andover, Crowell, Alexandra sad Georgetown, DC; schrs$42,219Brig African, Button, Maracatbo, Jan 24, with coffee, to Miller and Houghton; Jan SO, off St Nioola Mole, spokequoted at the same value as the old stock.Wehad lost her libboom and flying jibboom, also, same day, saw brig war Eagle and a soar unknown bound np the bay. The Afriesn baa had continued N W to 8 E gales from lat 33; took a pilot on the 9th to the N of Barnagat 9th Inst, Highlands bearing west 10 miles, took a gale from N W and was compelled to noavo to; was blown to southward of Barnegat: split foresail, topmast star sail, jib, ac; waa obliged to lay to for 24 hours to southward or Hatteras, in a gate from N EtoSKW blowing a perfeet hurricane.Brig Mary B Miuken (of Philadelphia), Morten, Cardenas, Jan 21, with molasses, ae. to master. Had strong NB trades and heary tea through toe Straits of Florida, after whloh fine weather up to Jan 31, when, at 6 PM, Abaeema Light beartog NW, took a heavy NNB snow storm, which aoattnnod the fol- lowing day. Feb 6, put toto toe Dataware Breakwater for aTors. Nothing ski wind NNW to WW, fresh. Skip Cocao re- mains at anchor in the BoednMth, AM-Sld, wtod NW, fresh, bark Julia Cammert; brigs Darien, Emma, aad Minnehaha, aad front the Roads, ship Osaka,BALTIMORE, Feb 10-Arr schrs Fred Dyer. GUmore, SuHl- van, Me via fori Carroll, Maryland. Knight Portland, Worn patuek Bartlett Plymouth, Mass; BrilUanX Cook, NTork. Cld schrs John Griffith, Conklta. Bt J a n ; H a J Neald. 1 Galveston Hid scars Orrtn Cowl, Smith, Mobile; A GBin kiev, Charleston.BEAUFORT, MO, Feb 4—Arr previous Br brig JosephHume, Bobbins, Boston; sehr Pamlico Washington, NC, for NOrleans.CHARLESTON, Feb 8-Arr bark Telegraph, Giles. Boston; sehr Carrie Hues, Ftton, NTork (see Macel). lathe effing, ship Wm Patten, and bark Burlington, both from Boston—the latter hastostan anchor and baa most of ber craw disabled by fatigue: both have cargoes of toe. Also, a Dutch bark unknown. Cld t p bark Talma, Uranada, Barcelona, sehr Biotas, Hatcher, Boston. Sid ship Judith Touro. Hararinra, Golf of aexteo; barks Nathalie (Fr), Thlbeau. Havre; Paqaete (Sp), Casals, Barcelona; Achilles. Sneddon, N of Europe; MagnoUa, Starkey. NYork; brigs baelleftea (8w). Hendtman. N of Europe; Tan- kee Blade, Darling. NTork. schrs *o fue Vendda (Sp). QU, Barcelona; George, Waltt. WIndies; John Randolph, Blmpktes, NOrleans; J W Rumsey, Taylor, Doboy, Ga; Modern, Bartlett, Georgetown. 8C; Belle, Barrett Wilmington, BC-, A Starkey, Weeks, Norfolk; Burrows C, Clark. Philadelphia; B Planner, Applecit; N W Smith, Wyatt; Geo Darby, Rodger*, and Wm A Kfba, Nichols, NYork.10tb-Arr (by tel) sehr Band, Philadelphia.GBKKNPOBT, LI, Feb 11-Cld sehr Wells (new), Wells, 8t 1 homesLBWER, Del. Feb 9—The brig Faustina, from Bio Janeiro for Boston, and four schrs, are at the Breakwater.NEW ORLEANS, Feb 11—AIT (by tel) barks Clifton, Bio Janeiro; Arizona, doNORFOLK, Feb 9 - A r r steamer Augusta, Philiips, NTork for Charleston—rut in for repairs and provisions; sears Rpright- Itog Sea, Ferris, Providence: Pally Mean, Blcbardaon. MTorix. Bidfrom Hampton Roads 9th, all the outward bound vessels, embracing some 12 or It ships, and a large number ofvesselsunderstand that the number of "assents" renders itcertain that the plan of reorganisation will be car.ried out; the managers have therefore extendedindefinitely the period for assenting to the seheme,in order that every one who is interested maycome in and avail himself of the advantages of thenew plan. Parties who have already assented willONLYONLYONLY TWBNTT FIVEfor the new. A committee of the Stock Exchange has been appointed to report upon the admission of the extended bonds and preferred stock.A subject to which reference was made several months ago in this column has again come up dur- ing the past week; we allude to the project for anopen board, like the Paris Bourse.now set forth in the shape of a bill which has been laid before the Legislature by certain parties, who, not being members of the present board, have la- bored unsuccessfully to obtain the rights and privi- leges of members. Comingfromsuch a source it is hardly likely that any attention will be paid to it; though the revival of the project may lead those members of the board who were a year ago ia favor of the open system to reconsider the matter.weather; loth, daylight, was oft' tha Highlands, blowing a heavy gale from WNW; stood over to Hockaway beach and came to. with whole of tha larboard chain out; found the ves- sel dragging; was compelled to slip the anchor and keep away to eastward, before the fury of the gala, vsesel cooapletely covered with lee; 6 PM moderated, came to under Long Island, east of Moriehes, to 6 fathoms water; 11th, got under way, wind light and bafiUng all day, towards night commenced snowing, wind veering to NW; stood to westward all night: 12th, fresh gale from »W aad clear; 8 AM made Highlands, bearing WSW; at 11 AM waa taken to tow by steaaXug Wm Fouikes. Capt Morrell, and towed to the city.Sehr Chas A Heeksher. Stubba, St Marks. 16 days, with cot- ton, hides, a c to Smallwood, Barla A Co 8th tost, to the lati- tude of Charleston, experienced aaeavvgalefrom831 to8W.Sehr Moses Van Name, Van Same. Norfolk. 3 days. Capt Van Name reports a number of vessels going into MorfoBt, in distressSehr Bneaa Vlata, Jones, Alexandria, 4 days. Bohr Ocean Wave, Severe, Virginia. 3 dayc Bchr Morning 1 ight,fcwmmers,Virginia, 3 days. Sehr Washington, Post. Virginia, 3 day anear B Clyde, Decker, Virginia, 8 daya.ONLTConnected"calls," which has been much discussed in the streetof late. By this system, parties who choose to (See Miscellaneous.)with thissubjectis thespeculate in stocks can limit their losses, A. is willing to sell a the right to call on him for 1,000 shares of the stock of the New York Central Rail-ifwe Miscellaneous.)Sehr A M S Cannon, Nowell, Philadelphia, with eoal, bound. »•dotham Corning in-a large fore aad aft aetoJhooahtto be ibe Nightingale, from NOrtoaas for Providence. Wind blowingB. pays the $1/100, and goes into the market B seller of 1,000 shares of stock st 711, de liversUe at his option in sixty days, thus limiting his loss to $1,000, but taking his chance of a decline in the shares, not only of one per cent, which les- sens his 1,000, but of 1 or 2 per cent more, accord-Kennebec, Hand. Philadelphia. •awn. Perry, Mew Beefer*. Westohester, Joaas, Providence,BXLOW.Bark St Mary-By pilot boat Washington, No ASAILED. Slip Victory,, UvcrpooJ.Wtod during tha day NNW, freak.Herald Marlae Corrcapeadeace.particulars—K^kr n i x 11.— .lulSehr C L Bay lee waa driven ashore; afterwards got afloatSehr BsJumSATlost bows^raTaeadgear, tad side badly stove, aad a almost a complete wreck.Bsar VermUlion lost bowsprtt, iftatay. all •siegasr, had bul- waras and headrail stove, sails chafed. Ae.tear Marcena Moosoa loa rail aad swaaaaoaa, had plank shear badly split and wales ehafed, Ae.Sloop Samuel Ball lost bowsprtt and headrail, and had bowfo^.eiton"^^^^lite-Arr steamsr Delaware, Cannon. NTork; bark BLf, Me-Till yesterday— money among the ing to circumstances. Tbia traffic is now carriedFleree,jTaunton. Old .«*« Matoasna, Oroeker. St12tt-ArrbrigMoBames, Rogers, aad MJohnson, Baldwin, I PORTLAND, FebS-Arr scbr Amytta10th. steamship Chesapeake, OroweO, NTork: brie Chas WTM ley MoGUvery, Cardenas. CM sehr D B Doane, Veaxto, CarPLYMOUTH, Mass, FebS-Air sehr Book HTa,PBOVTDBNCR, Feb 10-Arr steamer Westchester, CtorkA NTork. Below, at anchor Bear Nayat Potet,tatrnMaryB Bar ney, Luther, from Mobile. A fere and aft sehr supoosed to be tha BBsn 3 Lawton.from Baofaaaaneak, a at anchor hatwesa Nayat sad Rocky Potato. "Cld bark Aura, Ltodsay. Newtradeinwithcoal.NSW BEDFORD, Feb 10-Arr sehr Choctaw, Harding, NKwPOBT, Feb10,•AM-la portbrigWaafromthedateofthecontract,forthesumof$1,000. Sctr"Lowe,Ta ^©^*^!*^'***"" 8chr Waloou. Parker. Bttton. 3 daysat Fort Jefferson, LL fnirOcui>PBABt,lymgaichanges and very high prices the moment a favora-ble change occurs in tne community at urge. The andria, with a cargo of eoal eonsigaed to the Amortoan CoalCompany, at 110 etoek yesterday, wnen 2X mflas SB of the houses selling the "right to 0011" must enter the Hlgbls siajwaa rantotoby sehr B H Hantlay. Cant ITs sjsnSSwjA cargo of 1,200 tons of guano, from Mclean* Istond,was brenght Into Maw London by the ship White Swallow,aa theftfth alt.—tba Brat importation from the Phoenix ing of the Chamber of Commerce, at which that Corn meal 8 60 a lance dock on Saturday afternoon last, for cleaning and copper O-SLT TWMMTVFJV.The islands are seven ia number, and rich in guano deposit. wnen the White Swallow toft, aha Aapaato, of Mystic, and Bowditeh, of New London, wars loading at MeKean's bland, the only one worked at present.nah line and make her first departure on toe 18th. TbeBBOhas been In the bands of our best mechanics formxetosnayear, and « a exported by the 'Ttnowtag ones" Oat ass wBsbeunequalled ta speed and elegance by any of our oesaa steam MARAVI1XA,StnroAY, Feb. 12,1860. The receipts of cotton continue to increase, and the crop estimates now range from 4,250,000 to 4^00,000 bales. Notwithstanding tha prospect, the price steadily advances. Late steamers fromItsWe published, the other day, a report of a meet' Choice extra family and bakers' brands... 8 75 aRje flour 380a ThenewatowatabteBBCoylerwastakenontoelargeBe,MABAV1L1A, —«•-..«..body adopted the report of a committee recom- —Canadian flour wss in fair demand, with sales of 500 tog. She has had steam on her engines for several days during ONLY TWENTY FIVE Ibbls.at$540a$675.Southernflourwassteady,thoughthepastweek,sadaexpectedtotakeherpoatttoatateaSavsn- Ifyonwouldhaveglossyearta,anaIf you would have glossy curia, as*mending the Pcesident to mediate between the I somewhat leBs active. Tne aalea embraced about 808a $00 Chinese and the maritime Powers of Europe, and bbls., closing within the above range of prices. Rye flour was in fair request and steady at quotations, with sales held over a report concurring with the Chamber of about 900 bbls. Oornmeal was steady, but quiet at of Commerce of Bremen as to the wrongfulness of quotations. Wheat waa without change of moment, while the sales were confined to about 6,000 a 8,000 bushels, In- FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL. privateering in time of war. There seems to be a cluding prime white Southern at $1 56, delivered; 100 do. good do. at $148, aad 2,400 prime white Indiana at $1 60. Corn was heavy and dull, while the sales embraced about 6,000 bushels, including Jersey and Southern, at 79c a 80c., and some lots Southern white at 80c. Rye was quiet at 87c. a 88c. Barley was held with more firmness, and sales of about 1,900 bushels at aboutfatality about the proceedings of the Chandler ofcaptain Sylvester Btakeman, of steamer Ocean Wave, has our thanks for his attenttoca.MABAVn±i: MABA VILLA MABAVILLA,Commercessensible men, whose opinions as individuals and ongeneral commercial matters are well worthy of at-tention.Butasabody,weareboundtosaythatwe88c.Barleymaltwaainfairdemandatoldprices.Oats BomBKIUURT,COOS,henceatBaltimore,reports:—Onwere firm, with sales of Western and Canadian at 44c a Tuesday tost encountered a heavy gala and was boarded by a know of none in the country which so frequently 44>ic, and of Western at 46c a 48c Coffee was firm but heavy sea, washing overboard boat, water casksmembers are,in general, sagacious,ONLY TWENTY FIVE CBNTR. ONLY TWENTY FITS CENTS, ONLT TWBSTT FIVE OtrTTS.bags seed, by steamer, at 48s ; aad 200 boxes cheese do. 8cm GRACE Giaman, Paine, of WelWeet, from Pmladel-sense enough to point out to the Chamber the ab-surdity of the proposed mediation between themaritimePowersofEuropeandChina.Inthefirst ketwaafirmer. Salesof400bblswerereported—Mo.1 thumpedover,andliesdryatnighwater. ShewillprobablyHAY—Sales for shipment were checked for the want of ship room, and tba advance of rates demanded for freight. Small aalea were making at $1 a $1 12 per 100 lbs., in- cluding some for city uae.Cobs muscovado was last sold at 27cPROVIHOXS.—Pork—The market was firmer, with a good demand both on the spot and for future delivery. The sales in store embraced about 1,300 barrels, including new mess, at $26 for Western, and at $18 60 tor prime citypacked,newprimeat$1437»„a$1460,andold do. at $12 26 a $12 31. About 1,000 barrels mess were sold, deliverable from the middle to the latter end of March, seller's option, at 88 60, and 81,000 was paid for the privi- lege of calling for 1,000 barrels mess in August at $18;Pi LOT BOAT Mama, arr yesterday from sea, reports 10th MABAVILLA. tost, 40 miles 8E ot Sandy Hook, aaw a harm brig running be*lore the gale under bare poles, hertopsailtorn In ribbons.ONLT TWENTY FTVB CENTS, ONLT TWENTY FIVE CENTS. ONLT TWENTY FIVESS 40 Michigan Central. 86 37 36* 37 88 option, at $14 76; 600 barrels mens were sold, deliverable Ion 33.Southern guart'd. 1 5 * 16>4 14* 12 V 16 from 10th March to 1st April, at $18 60, seller's option, Bark Daniel Webster, Stannar A bancs for San FraneteM, 48 IllinoisCentral... 67S 56 67V 66 56* and260barrelsmeat, Lampoon's inspection, forexport, daysoutallwell.Uec89, lat21SS8,Ion30—bybrigVirginia,Erie 8 * %% 8X 8 V « * 1.000 barrels prime, from March 16 to April 1, seller's Am ship " Dotty," from Penang for NTork, Nov 14, tat 328,GalenaRock IslandToledorenameHudson River.... 41* 41*£ 41V Pacific Mail 74* 77>,' 7«*CSNTH. ONLT TWanTTFTVB CKN18.61* 63 58', 58* 57* 62 63V «3« 62* 63 19* 19* 20 B0 10*TWENTYfirm, with sales of 300 barrels and tierces atlOXc a11 » c. Butter and cheese were doll.4RicB waa steady, with light sales at 3 \ c a 4 l 'c 4SrOAKR—The market continued firm, with Bales of about 500 hhds. Cuba muscovados chiefly within the range of 7,<!,c. a 7%c , and 600 a 700 boxes at p. tW HISKKV was firmer and in good demand, with sales of 400 bbls. at 24>(c a 26c, the tatter figure for prime bar-Jan I*, notatAc fForelajitMABA VILLA. steadily maintained reportsof increasing traffic on MARITIME INTELLIGENCE. NTork for8an Francisco, reloading; barks 8 HWaterman, MARAVILLA.the principal railways, they are not able to causeany material decline in prices* It is evident that tUKBOBSBio J Airsiao, Dec 27—In port ship Champion, Tameon, fromClifford, from do, reps:: Indian Belle. Tenner, from L-.ndon, MABAVILLA.AIMMXAB ron raw i o u - t m s vxr. lsg; and others. Sid 27th barks Grapeahot Homewood, New MABAVILLA. 6 661 noon muss..... ..morn 12 43 Orleans; Charles Edwin, Lttllejonn, (since spoken1: 29th, MABAVTLLA.brig Faustina, Berry, Boston (and put Into Delaware Break ter 9th tost).InportJan3.brigVirginia,Ramsey,fromRichmond.Sid from do Mh, barks Cren Strieker, McDonald, and Adeline C Adams, Hemingway, New Orleans; Campanero, DnbelL Mobile.WEST COAST MEXICO, Jan —On the coast, ships Anglo Saxon, Caverly; EbooUng Star, Hotchkiss, and John Fraser, Herbeat, ldg Brazil wood.YABMODTH, N8, Feb 9-Arr Br bark Beaver, Ring, Ardroa- tan for B York, to distress.Amrrleaa Port*. APALACHICOLA, Feb 1-Arr brig Georgia Sherman. Mo-bile. Cld Jan 31, ships Louisa Hatch, Bartlett, Gibralar, Feb 1. Alabama (Br), Cochran. Liverpool.in port Keb 4. ships Medina (Br), Starkey; Jane (Br). Penning- ton: Ionian, Wade, and R M Mills. Oturgea. for Liverpool laat B G Barney, Barney, for N York ds; harks Devon (Br), Gray, from Liverpool, diss; Seward Boustead (Br). Williams, tor so ldg, Wattbam, Wltbam. for Havre do; Waverley, Ttor Boston do; Kepler. Moulton. for Providence do; Oh Chandler, disg. brig Georgia, Sherman, for NTsrk Ids; ~ ^ . . Albert Mason. Carson, for ProvVtonsa dat Norfolk Packet Bedell, for NTork do; Neptune's Bride Gilleu, from NYork, wtg. tine.ATTAKAI'AS, Jaa St—Arr sehr Horace Staple*, Olbbs,hand. Both will probably show an improvement Nanto; Dec XI, lat 3464 8, Ion 21 36 B, spoke Br bark 80a Charleston (not Boston). Cld Feb 1, sehr Fountain, Baste*, MABAVTLLA.son sawPort of New York, February lit, I860.ARRIVED.Steamshie Etna (Br). Anderson. Liverpool, Jan 28, withBodbe, WKCunard. Same day, passed ships Isaac Jeanes. of Philadelphia, Centurion, and Harvest Queen, and bark Charles, of New vork, bound Into Liverpool; also, Br steamship Arabia, fordo.Ste&inshio North Star. Jones. AspfnwaU. Feb4, 230 PM, via Havana 8th, with S61 passengers and treasure, to V B Allen.Steamship HuntsvfUe. Post, savannas, with asdas and paa- sengers. to H B CromweU A Co. 9th Inst, 10 AM, passed ihlp Sandusky, bark Maria Morton, and sear W Raleigh, going ia over Savannah Bar; 10th. 1 PM, 10 miles NB of Lookout, sig- nalised steamship City of Norfolk, for Savannah.Steamship Jaaaoswwa, Skinner. Riehsaead. an.and passengers, to Ludlam S Hemeken. 12th tost, off Barne- at, passed three City Point schrs bound N; sehr J B Plater, 5o; a'so pilot boat No 1; oft the Highlands, passed a sunkensehr.Ship Derby (of Balem), Hutchinson, Manila, Nov 7, left An•ier Nov IS. passed St Helena Jan S, with hemp, Ac, to order:t c h r R H Huntley, BasstawBS. Baltimore, 4 days,12th in st, at 11 AM, off the Highlands, easna to ooliawn with Wareham for NTorksehr Brothers, frost Alexandria, which carried away the jlb- boom, headgear and a portion of the atom; the Brothers sua*.to Boston. Experienced very heavy weather, blown froatbtttoaoff in the late gala; the crew being so badly froable to do duty", was takento low. lllh tos£ by pilot boat Nettle,r* ^0 h a ma-Arr <by tel) Br brig MT Ellsworth, Windsor NS,for NYork. schrs Isabel, Robbtos, Providence for James RH «r; Hyannia, Davis, St George for NYork, Blton Matilda, Ray, NYork for Bastport; L B Gallagher, Pnrvier, Boston for Tan- gier; Preston, atten. and Westerly, Stevens Provtneetown for NYork: Angler, Phillips, Bockland for do, Oulnare,T"Boston foreo; Allen H Brown, Bdwarde, BtatolforPOBT JBFFBK8QN, ' " "•t 2 AM this day. which having damaged eurBBJO BaomnEa, Capt Davey, of and for this port from Alex-MARA VILLA,MABA VILLA, era. Her furniture andfitttagaare ail of tha saostexealtant MABAVILLA,and expansive character. aand her.Captain Frederic Crocker is to eeavSena MKBDOBA, (previously reported ashoreon Sandy Hook), has be*nfloatedoff; also the sehr ashore on ine Horse Shoe has beenfloatedoff.If yen are anbtoet 10 atox hssdsshs, see Ifyouaresubjeottosickheadache,uae Ifyenaresubjecttoaskheadache,useAsrarWAUL, Feb 3—Arr sehr J W Ltodsay, Lewie, NTorkBKLISB, Hon, Jan 14—In port bark W O Aldan, MagOi, for NVork scon, ldg mshogacy.Bi ACK RIVER, Ja, Jan IS—In port brig Triad, Bailey, for Philadelphia 6 days; only Am vessel.( AiiUTTA, 1 PC 17—In port ship Undaunted, Freeman, from London—would probably toad for do, and others aa before re-HAMMI, Feb 10—Arr at 10 AM, Br steamship America, Bos- on for Uverpool (and aid at 1 PM).MARACAIBO Jan 24—No Am vessel in port"~ONLY TWENTY FITB CENTS. ONLY TWKNTT FIVE CENTS. ONLT TWBNTT FIVE CENTS.hrs Bueiiajista, Beckett, for .NYork, Maria 1 mings.fromFallBlverfordo;JohnMr4dam,Js_.FOB BALB BT ALL DRD«FOR SALE BT ALL PEPXFOB BALB BT A U . DBOOGBTFS. JOB BALE BT ALL DBDWISTS. FOB SALB BT ALLFOB BALM BY ALLFOB BALB BY ALL FOB 8AIB BT AU. FOB SALB BTFOB BALB BYFOB BALM BY FOB BALB BYwnh dandruff, use If you are troubled withIf you are troubled wis MABAVILLA,MARA VILLA,MABAVILLA, SL1JUVILLA, MABAVILLA,MABA VTLLA.MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA.If you areIf you would have glossy curls, use MABAVILLA,MABA VILLA,MABAVILLA,* ^. - * "ONLT TWENTY FIVE CENTS, ONLY TWEMTT FIVEONLT TWBNTi-FTVBWhat should be en every ladles' toilette? What should beou every ladles fcaiettof Wbat should be on every ladies toilette.'What win , WnatwfUp What will pMABAVILLA T MARAVILLA f MARA VILLA T MARAVILLA ? MARAVILLA t MARAVILLA? MARAVILLA ? MABAVILLAfMARA VILLA. MABA VILLA. MABAVILLA, MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA, MABA VTLLA. MARAVILLA. MABAVILLA.MABAVTLLA, MABAVILLA, MABA VILLA, MABA VILLA, MABAVTLLA, MABAVTLLA, MARAVILLA, MABAVILLA,MABAVILLA, MABAVILLA, MABAVILLA. MABAVILLA,MABIVILLA:tasata bottle of a bottleof a bottle ofCENTS.Don't fait to use Don't fall to use Don't fail to uaeONLT TWBNTT Fl V BBL'ENTS. ONLT TWENTY FIVE CENTS. ONLT TWENTY FIVE CENTS.ONLTOnL TONLT TWENTY FIVE CENTS.Don't fail to use Don't fail to use Dent tail tonesONL YOMLT TWENTTFiVB ONL TWhat wm purchase a bottle of What will purchase a bottle of WbntwulTWEBTY FIVM CANTS.TWENTTFIVM CENTS,CENTS. ONLY TWENTYPIVB CENTS. ONLY CENTS. ONLY TWBNTT FIVE CENTS. which, for the time being, and during periods ofconfidence, must neccasarflv tend notataan Beans was badly other aBBtof e.«th-Arr seiu-Windome, Brown. NYcrit asehr,houndup.WlLafXMGTOW, 9<\ Feb 8-Cld schrs F NYork;9tt,Joan,nteaon,daBelow, a swap anarThomas M. Tryniskilost J»n(Bab**,whlahwasarrfSBpaojsnssr 0«n*M Ugh)309 South Fulton New York 13069etwww.fultonhistory.com4thStre 