 IJ I^Mllll. ,"nr- -~^!^ws5Bi wtUfK^mm^ Wfmmf^^F'^W^"^'¥«G^i^.;,:.^1U4St3iiE|L. X.—NO. 2830.WKK lATER FROM ELROPE. TIE IBABIA OFF CAFE BACE.moimi SUCCESSES of caribaldi.PRICE TWO CENTS.TiM KUtf'i TiMpt IcpnlMd from CaMrta ?2i taken at <« «s. 4d.«<7 4s. «d. Peai sleadvUaashoaklbeai themass-meetingat:Quotations barely maintained. Tallow steady at S2b. £i.0»ls. for Batchers' AssodatlOB.Kloe la aaiUaa (reely forCbab. M. EaaxaMaJof New-Jeraey, was tke firsof fie ball they proceedediriA tkiafl« i,mPrisonen.ImprovedUTlBPOOt rmODUCB MABKZT.LrrxxMOl,(Ul—TheBivktnfCiraiUrreports: qaotidCUaaadvieeahavegivenabaoTanertoAsaas—PxAtu qolet at Os. M. Cenaa qoleC Bwa SngaiM'ek 1 Chloa qootaUe under lalee at 9iio.9 partyCeaOia £11 •ke. The Deanatle partake of wanpwardtendaaey; Irce labor should be aatloaal and itaye laboraeetiaiud. Mk.4kconehislon to CaasBaa'l,y, l$illiop-lirt^rvwitkHi.kra.withaa laBnaseddaomad.paity Albany.TbeymenSodF•Mir;^]pose, will receive tbe at 4he CoBieaa aWBHeof the CatboUo Powan FrMar Svmaaded by Spain.St. Mmm, N. r-8u>da7, Oct 14, via {white, C«s.««4s.; red, l|haatb Fuea, Ms.voted entlrdy to the exaltlon and extension of slave labor. Be showed that tbe Demeratic Party of 1848 in this Stale, t^Iuding Joaa Tar Bsaaa, Joaa Cooa- XAaa, Siui waian and Oxxaaa C. Bioaaoa, as well as Datib DmuT Fiiu, bad stood irtiere the Repub-SMBTiua. N. B., lAtb.—EvenlBg.wrLA«exi»HT. theCrathalf-hourinly at work, dayitight, to have everything Inapple-Tke ttttni IteflTkenewaby the ^roWa is one week later than pre- Tlovalj leoetTed.Tke Antia la bonnd to Haxlfex and Boston, andpaaacdtmm « Unrfuti,I;Sica qniet Tauov steady, at SJs. 6d.«aJs. Dd. AMXKKAM ISOraiTIBS.tlw M^ tu Queeoalswii •m .Mh lost., puwd C«|)« Bace at noon to-day (Uth) •d waa boatd«d by the news ymehtoftbe AssociatedTHE PRINCE'S TO PRESENTBMnriayInf a aew eoBtraet to be entered Into for tbe eompie- of the coBDtry, In lavor or free labor ;aad claimedCAPT.)New-Tork, barrels, i;il •s.«jCllid.; BoAon,which cbaracterlxes all the engagoJ to liant young authoress.will be d^ at tke former port on Tuesday morning. shows a decrease In bullion of £3ti7,000.S<eaiBS)dp lUinois, from New-York, arriveJ at The funds on the (th inst experteneed an unfavora-tions, was adopted. to subade, although a gentleman in the audience sug- better convenience of tbe party, it had been decided suite through the City on Saturday last Patraimaa The Mayor sent in a veto refusing to sign the report gested that as Democrats were scarce about this time, that the Prince should embark from the foot of Ham- Vah Tassxl, of the Fifth Ward, was dismlasad fromto the Snetuation of pro- C««es OB the 9Qx, en route to Havre. Steamship Asia fits on the late speculative purchases. The declinethis one should be lieanl.Mr. J. L. BaowKLi, of firooklyn, followed in a mond-street,kom Mev-Tork arrived atTk* D^Ui Srmt says that the Oreat Ship Oompanyin Consuls, however, was only about M. pended.kavclf«Cuu|[>, Dm Chief Engineer, and the Uanager.The 4etiption of the ship during the Winter at HU- twd Havjqi may have something to do with this.NAPLES.Itle*tKted,v>4 Genoa, tlist Gaujauii had sent a^t'T*'^'' fo Naples, dated the Ist. announcing a ricii>- ly akag tlM whole lines, and that the royal troopsThe foUowing letter was yesterday addreaasd by the ment, acknowledging great gratilicatlondlnmredwith the services of Capt. Hux, andLATEST MARKETS. TZLEGkArB TO QOIUROini.]Liverpoolon the 7th.1Aurtr^JJ^fi*"t^^nAotamWtmfd to any InereaMirasentaLSales of CoTTPB for the week ending 31, were ]0,CCO bales. Orleans (res orAxatrr, Mf.i Bas. 84f. Tka Diitto, of Turin, pubUsfaes dispatches dated 1 Lr market closed quiet but steady. The total stockCity,the very Imposing display of Satarday night last, mkLwereWaphn. tke M, stating that tke Royal troops were re- import amotmted to M2,0(I0 bales.polaad. fi||NB Caanta, and were surrounded. Theto say that in no country has he witnessed aa exhibi-beia^ponoed.Siuani. togs-to Naples knd assume authority, and Ibatte'Would letlre to bis b&me.KOME AMD SARDINU.A (OBauiy of tlte P»pe's aUocotioa at the Consis-CooperInstitute. Accord-whichobligedthemtogototttefootofPerry-street sudden rasb of people, who poured out of the streetsThe Itoyal fleet that is to convey the Priaee orand concluded by ej|u«sslug kis convietion that the Catholic Princes aad people would yet come to the a:$sistance of the father of the Faithful, wliq is attacked by the parrici-dal anna of a degenerate soilIt is Nfsttod that NiroLkOv, in reply to the Pope,ringits dangerous eififcts;Italian Power.TMnoB Eiuinixi. issaed an address to Ms soldiers atNaaslaartaa.The Republican Cuutention of the Rixtli Con-my sitting up "geDuinrsattempted, there was much popular indi^uation at thethe;He concluded by saying that heasmman the eouunand, as he desires tu be (oreruwt piive eithar t>ody of a quorum. At the last accountsBees of 0>eir cause.after this occurrenoein a hoaae I left aikd wenf U>-vkere tMie Is danger.CalTeraltyMedicalCallege.reputationIsworld-wide. TheonlycompensationforUarches.ConstCAVonarefused-to complyIt takes strong Breckinridge grounds on national poli- ging, &c., in Thirty-fourth'Street, between Secoud The regular Lectureauu Fourth avenues, and in Seventh-avenue from e attaclicd to the lefI orty -ninth-street to Fifty-ninth-street, seven bids;of New- at the rooms of theCunard steamer at Jersey City fired a salute, wliich n'srried we resided at my mother's iioase until;he alM) declared®be Tl!« wMtber had been more taronble lor theletfNEW-YORK, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16 1^60.2y»•to.,amiweU-fcnawn literary sklU andPrincennn,proceeded(troctlfa. The Ubrary waa first visttad, aad tte««».Bkmjuii),AnwxtAa*_C30.WaxiiLxx.rc"iS't^nH'xs;fr?eui?rofT::::••tpkHed poem entitled, Broadway." Prom theaad Lord Ltobs,-!S.il ml aeeompaaiad by dolTDw^•ini. NisH aad others report: Ftoim duU and •rttvlty In tke market are eSbrts to Bayers maUagof the tee-tolnq)eetthe variousBaUsof hidiSJilt » MuTUoSd at^rMJlSIs. MJIbbl. ottaln nmeMsloaa na some afUeles, but meet withpleasantryTHB BAIZi TTP THB HUDSON. InstUntieos la oider. otherimporters. mr». Ravi Westera. lis. U.413S. M.; do. Boathem, The jobbiBg faaitt eontlnuea good. Candte areCITT FOI<ITIC8.Following this, ttan waa a review of the Cadets, the Dragooas, and FlytKSomhSi;reque^ UTIKTOOL PBOTISIOH MABUCT. $13. Drills heavytba«gh tbetendencyfaVors saUers.CityWIde-AwaheHaaa-BIeetlBC. SPnCBIB BT 0BA8. ». UmBBOIt, J. L. BBOWKCLI, AVD O. B. BimCB.ReccptlAB at ^Tcs* Point, and troopsmadeafineanpcaraocc,andwerehighly..eaa>tieGovernmentcontractwasconcludedattb9b.N. slow ;sales MO kegs, at 17 Xe.«l8c. Bacon gradually.atwliich the Prince and hla anile attended. At tbamiiet with an advanee ofyester-:«3aB. laeasteadyforbothRaUa'aadBaa,at£i Ms.; Booleh Pig steady at 31s. Sd.WlsTSd. SfMAB buoyant, with an advance of U. ttx qolet : eom- mon Congou is. Id. Coma arebarelymalatalaed. Bnana^^xnatiaBsteadyat 31a. td. Lissxaa Gaxbs have sUahtty advancedcutter.The narriet Lam was awaiting at her anchoragetfs.»>! ilro^ CspC Stiwb, bags, £» Us. FoaenadDU. LiaaxaBfaa at Ms.TbeBoardof laeatkas lo' aleetkm polls, aad a raaolattoa direet- mcnt aad great men of all nartlea aad both soetlaBabeadwaibSFlnrss at previous rates. lUiiuds Ceatral shares Erie Shares New-York.Centrai SharesTlie latest prices areISK dls. contract with H. W. Cosoklln for that pnrpoae, was defended Its devotion to the Didon as sapenor to that threatened to disappoint the hope everywhere in- terday and accorded to Inspector LaoaAaa-ble reaction, owingcblel^in lavor of dredging the slips on tbe North River, l>e-the Department and the Board adjourned.THE PRINCE OF WAlIb AND THE FIREMEN. BIS APPBBCIATIOIt or TBKIB APPEABAHCX.LONDON XOHKT MAKKIT.New-York, happilycleared off Wales an elegant gold pea and pencil case. The-,The Uoney Market on the 9th was generally un-[BTLrviBFOOL, Sunday Afternoon—barkation, uptbe North River.JS.0O0 bales, inclading 7,000 bales to qieeuiators andPiovuioHS.—The marliet closed quietLonoH, Saturday Evening.and account.During the evening songs were sung by tbe Old Abe Choir, Cftieem given for the recent successes of the Repal>licans in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana, and Mr. 2$TkwART L. WooDFoan, wlio bad dropped in a'-ci-DcwieerBilc Katlllcatlon IIIectln(.in fixing the polling places for tbe next election. Very DZKOKSTRATION III PATOB OF BON. JOBR OOCH-Mavok's Omcx, Nzw-Yoax, Oct. 15, 1800. John Decker, Jieq., Ckitf Engineer New-York Fir* De-the market closing firm. Bai^MTUrrs quiet and steady.with considerable that the difficultyexporters;portmoved that these papers be printed in connection withexpressman,withConsols clo$e atBATES COTTON KABEBT.BOARD OF COUNCILMEN.POU.IKO PLACES—D0NATI0K8, AKD BOOMB rOB TBI 6i;PBBI0B CODBT.dentally,lectual feast of the evening, in a brief but stlrriug speech. Tbe City Wide-A wiikes proved that they are cue of the most active clubs in the campaign.On the way to thethe931(^03^ tormoneyplace designatedreceiving1 andassoci e partment of this an your.'-elf at s, forUTEB FBOSi'tHE PACIFICUtomartedthatGtaiatuikfd-'lirvltedVicroa AniralmttheOverlBadBapreae—Advleea HousecfIndustry. Thereportwaslaidover.ana as men.FERNANDO WOOD, Mayor.GaiibaUlaiis aade i/M prtaooers.Tlmtbifn' npBt^ of victories lack oonfirmatlon.asnomination to Congress from the Breckinridge, upper piers on the New-York sile of the River, werefrem Collforala, Orefaa aad Chins., St. Josxias, Ho., Monday, Oct IS.Tbe California Pony Express reached here this neon, 24 hours behind time, with dates to and Includ-Oct. 3d.The Street Commissioner was directed to aJvertise in theforproposalsforanewsteamfire-engineforEngine politicalsupporters,Corapuy No. 42. ing to the public announcement the proceedings were The appearance of the steamer was the signal for a Wales to Eagl .nd was signaled off the harbor eftory of the aSth, Is pobliabed. He reproves, and con- ingd^^rind i» the strongest terms, the detestable and The Douglas primary election, held In San Francis- jouined to Thursday.become more dense. In the meantime the assem- been too ftill for the carriages of tbe Prince to drive line on Wednesday afternoon by a Conunittee af th»co oh the SOth nit, demonstrated the fact that the Irifrh voters are almost unanimously In favor of that division of the Democraly. Both wings of the Democ-BOARD OF SUPERVISORS. IKBPBCTOBSorBX«I8TBT.blage exhibited an aspect suggestive of every tiling upon. Shortly after 10 o'clock a waving and cheer- City Government and the battalion of Light Drafloons,Full advices from Oregon sxpl:Un the progress of the Legislatnre. The attempted adjournment of theSTREET MHOHaamiriira DBTARTHENT.-.threw the over Sciiill, ap-" stiewn upon the bed quilt quilt;quiet,, aad qooiailons ;off theBatteryappointeddeparture^ch matoon Lyoaa It wBalntilned the non-lsteTTestion principles, andwhile promising to maintain order In the Holy See, House tint dit, as advised by tbe last express, has The following tdds were opened aadawardeSaa aal frequently applauded.OSOMOSlA Democratic gentleman, who seemed to think that the principles of tree speech entitled him to continu- ally interrupt Mr. EajixasoH, was advised that thedulgedwhich to take leave ofat the right moment The wind blew very cblUy from souvenir was given Mr. LaoaAxn as aa ackneirtedge:onwas the stormiest offa.jmarket bMaoiTaw. Laid aUUIn the erenluc a baU wasli^iioviaed bytheCadat^.«HH1I« O* *U)*. :_ impossible under the existing circumstances. When Regulating and grading Seventy-nin^t-street, fromIs now politically opposed.Slaah Diatrlct BepaUleaa CoBKreaalaBal lector of the Portit matchesboth in the Senate andMcGraw afeet at low water, one bid, New-York Submarine En-—to OhderU It seema you.toXneona, eztoDlBg their bravery and the righteous- session by premature and illegal adjournment, as wel. removing Coenties Reef to a mean depth of twenty grestloaalyounow I'll see if I canmtempts,House,destroystrangle roe, saying,you ;" he said he intended to kill meas by the secession of factious members, so as to de-as in addition to the compliment which it would haveb< en to the distinguished guc'-ts/it deprived them ofthe of listening to an American band whose pleasure;itnvg^a I went to sleep{2tth) i>oth hout^es were in session, duly organized. TnesixabsentSenatori,badreturnedandtakenseatsCongress.my mother's ibt next day.cross-t jammed.—\Ve have been married since lasttime,vate treaty ^ that no conversation or no negodatioos two years, the session being biennial. Uudcr t^ese awarded to Darid Donaldson at $746 83; time, 30 Jmo. W. Dsafsx, President of the Faculty, oc-;and that no Power hal made anycircumstances it is thouglit populnr clamor will insist days.with a canted ine tn t>e sick ;fire we went to a and oa pa-had takien placeprofMjsttlaa involving the cession of a single inch of t^ii.mterritory. Bepronouncedthestatementsto tte soDttary ntlerlyifalse.Tbe Papal Govamment is making fresh enroll- wnts, and promising large rewards to the remaining Papal troops concentrated at Tivdi.with reference to theniiith-street, the contracting ii.uch oppo,itlon ou the pan of owners on the lineWay, with aSunday-school pic-nic,turning I wished to stop at a dance, but my bMliaiiilwas so a^m^lve that 1 returned home with himof tke Catholic Powers, with a view of guaranteeing the Integrity of the States of the Holy See.The French Cabinet admitted the expediency of sack a Congress, but says that territoriai changes de- Maad a gcaaral European Congress.;but met with strong opposition tiy the BrecUnridge pied tbe first rank in America la tbe department of from the keen northwest wijul. He soon emerged, locked the coor and closed the shutters, keeidng herFBANCE.Tke Jie»c h submarine telegraph from Algiers has On the Ist inst. tlS^MO were received at San Fran-matriculate, and with such a oonimeneement it is not ffllficult to prognosticate the perfect success of tbesteamer.The scenery along the Hudson—which, deckedbeen soeeestfnlly landed at Minarea.The funeral servloe for the Papal troops lately slain,was celebrated by the Aretabishop of Paris at Notre Dame, on the tth Inst.wascalledtoseehim. Themeasuresadoptedtore-store him, however, did not prove successful, and onProfessorofSur- and Ex-President of theWomen and Children, and Clinical Midwiferychangingmore beautiful—Interested the royal party;totils andhadthreatenedher. wife,Mrs. LoMiaa Rogers, mother of the accused, testlfiert that her in-law told her that she herprotestiof against the acts taking place in Italy. Rnaun ware revived that the Emperor would go to Warsaw, having received an invttalion, but the Pui/aship Alfred HiU sailed forWm. H. Van Buren, M.aad falrie publishes a denial.The Paris Botuse on the 1th was dull aai hsary, August, has advlcefi from Pec^ellc Gulf to the 'jeih ofwake of the Harriet•laelng«a.aO.AUSTRIA.The wives and lavlUes of the Austrian oOtcem fnany dispatches from C<A. Dxunxu at West Point, for with the advantages offered by the college, of clin- Gen. Seen, who was supposed to be on board. Thesteamer was and M. of accordingly stopped, Biuclow,the tvening Pott, made his appearance, and joinedto anchor nearHoboken on Saturday evening,Stea«nhlp CUy »r MancheMer oir St. JoBr.8, N. K., MoQja>theBBOOKLYN~NI3WS.Oct. IS. Ma,.,h^sicr. f-om Liver-Id Inst, ni Queenslown. ^th,at 3 P. M. on Monday. lUr ne« , Ua.s ^,_^ by the Arabia,CarazA,CoitlloHBoard of Aldermenseen a dons.- cess of peop.e of the Pr.nce. Col. RlOBAaa;bones but found no trarture">«,aasereial News by tbe Arabia. LITMPOOL COTTON B.lBKfTT.LlTEEPOOL, haturlay, Or', rt.Tae sali s vf the week amoiint to 111,000 bales, intiuii.i^ < v .,0ever there va6 to beawai'lini; the arrivalof the skiillandeytbaU was ccUapsed olJfll.''-"'^«',*'?••The steamship CVy ofpool,pa.,,c.l cape lUie ;mi.ci(,^u,.dS. J. Sraal!. T. A. Elliott, H. M. Ti .nperance C-.,.ivcntiOD,a abrasion of the .«kii. la the mner ?f:Hon. w ay-Jnll. was the foilow- Neal Dow, o*" Mairc; Hon. .Malcolm Ciuneron, of Canada; Hon. Jesse O'Neal, of North Carolina; Gen.some further bu.JnciBPolitical The Bocky Mountain Club hoW a oiately aliirwards mounted their several steeits. .\sfixed on th. of violenoe were- id,on,iil>e i'-x'tl.at the .symptomsTheBrot«r»' Circular reiHjrU."and 10,000 bales to exp ^nt.'s T in a.Arket dostd buoyant with a slight advi.ic-<: ci. nii I-tales (0^)eciiliitors'" "^"c «1th the invit'.lion of >^''"iland tl.c curtipc Immeiliatelv raovcJ on. Tlit'I'may have led me to a wronK w*s further adjourned, in hopes thatdllrg and lower qualities.U \ :,.> s iTi].u.'-rd to be a war pari} of'iIthi'C:.^pe! the !7th iiist.liistitulJ,where G, \.by, andimmediately marched'"'he furthtanding authorized quotationsFalrOtleans FairMcbile *-b!r l/j.land^1rC'A Warkinq to kt HrEDr.r.--0:itIif' 9!h in.it. Mr. TiMOT';» rovr)iiri!,'.'..1 years ofn't, had occlusion to g«u.i r; L h-i: ;ir3 in course of i.'ivr.olition at XXkofV.liatnnm \uA I'uane ftrc-ls. In so Joini; uexporters,.iirtpt ..rini^ ?: :rresi.,'!t'irt^ that ailres.sicnrode directly to the quarters of Tol. Kfw FuuliC BriLDixa.—The Church ol Our F'Xin, (pa-ising in Teview the Cadots on the wThc aeiimajcd stock in Uttt amount* tu SJS.ii beles, of wJilcii 660,000 are of Atuuriiaa Ji!s-ilHiou.'-. Til/? firtvjcei! irom M-inctertcr are favor'ibl.'. tii'-of liie wkU .inJ .-truck Mm to snriously that heCo"mcris three stories hieh, building liiick,nted a and ladies. Prof-. I>. 11-,qulje)^I'.i.oAi-WAi I']icii)--RArnED.—Ere»dstu£*a»e»tTLOsdajSimpr"veaitn'^.;altn, '5? ,iKi:wiinh ot:r.inspoo!, ?aturdny. 0-t. (I.OD an election and other legislation during the bal-ance of forty days, forlarge partyboard,and theFIu^Mn^',largewh'chthesession consti-theonlyfollowing telegraphic dispatch,01theatieettothealteration. amongwhomwerenoticedDrs.Stivihs,J.R.Wood,J. W. FkABCis, KisaAM, Doaaaus, Rsssx, BcDS,riigbtheattemptoc^tosetfiretothebedandto; straagle-Thewiuch reached San Francisco to-day, is the latest in-proposedtutionally lasts.rae be had locked tbe door, and had the so thattelligence, and all that has been received this week:;.MiseMartha sisterofthe was Phiilipe, cornplalnantcalltd, aod testified that she called at Rogers' house" —SAixa, Oregon. A joint resolution passed bothbrsnebes of the Legislature, yesterdav, for a jointFatal STREin Enqoontir.—On Saturday even- amongMoTT, to whom had been asslcned by the Faculty theCape Bace. Chas. Bardim, J. C. Beni'.la, J. GuiUo, Buenarentmo (Committeeappointed to, riiaceproject prop-lined Uie roi.d..id.'.At the of tli. ..scent, how- toptoo'^'J.The mle-i on Iridi.vreached 10.000 bales, includtng 2.000 tc spcjuUtor;- I e .'-jn X r t^r .;•:.- frnm tin- Vte couQtrv.Becret;.rj-and allthe mariietclositgfirmitt..t Ij1iu»- Mr '«'.. .-" :-...Tiier <- 1:Urt.i-7«<d.lMid'111ng7 5<d.l Middling Mouile 7d. iMiddJiag L'plana:third triennialK^fool-house. capable of accommodsUng 1,000 the bopspicseutinK arms. Enterir.g llie rcsidenre Fire Jleputruent took piaoe yesterday.f, OrloaQ!- .jitiHKt^. J .,,-„, ,T c^.^,r;..,,.,.(V^.^ 1 ,..!.... WVi',..n trick uhtl.inT.b',.i. .6ii I-U'i. i)\iHKKi H.-',„s,vT,-rheparadeJ. T. Smith, Frank Jones and wife, Mrs. E. Shields, Mrs. J. C. Tunkbcusen, Tcsey anl wife, L. Weint urg, Jos. Sloven, Wm. Galloway, wile and tw.>CorxciL.—Thelast evening received a communi-ition from the Brooklyn City Railroad Company, asking that the petition for permission to lay rali tracks and runConventions, a.-.;',cause of Temperance throuf^hout the world." The ll'eir rights. The I'onimunication was -iaiJ on tt.cbodywUch was held In Neiv-Yurk In a Comr itteo te call futjre 1853, appointed.Ma-.uil Olllfm. T. 11. West. R. D. Stefl- '*' Brigs, T.Moi' s. II. Dtscli, Wiliiaai Gibso*, 11M.J. 16J i.; thef*«,S!,'i?i. tlie Mliifciry Academy eyeball was lu a larr slate I>'o--f"'^°? J?,*TM *t>Kb.on,<;iajip S.S. Brady, S. Grass. J. "-"-ephens. A. Rujlej,.DxiArin.p, Sui.'rintendenio'chilJrtn,J. HujUh, Morris Krankoff. Geo. Thie'on. W. li.theVye; the •thi-pp>nt «'",fTM^K,°,2L.1Si ? iroin tbeto "devise such other incisures, Dei Is E. Briahardcilj-. T. H. Polhemus, J. J. Rodgers, from time to l:;nc, as may se^m desirable for thebethey may protect Royal visitor.-k't nv,-.yfollowinggeetJem**nr'-»nrtltutetnatrjommittee;tible.'iij&J^i^^till Ml,Sec;i-.10Kiiw-York, and Wm. H.Bcpixiuh, of Brooklyn. Thenhill, driifoonsnrosented anas as ivmtondiiiono! liiebody1I -t .•..-J, ,.1.uf this t oujnilitee, de:''.cr at' nesof fve lecturcMii,v ~H a ri'spertable altondanrc. TheUnion club al.-oloadei'urk if fl:r—Miite rhoi 1bunds with Col. DEL.*rixLI>, and irnmo-:.- 1" warrant the oondusioa that""'^e of do death; neitherJ iiv .< Kl>e 100 much weight to tbeooln- )n wiiiili i li>'ve (jivn of violence, as the decomposed.«};ilf;.N.: .^NTNEWS uuuy.Ort.Aril.i-' ;M.i^.< Oeilnr,'Sf\^-\i,.imade :ivery fine appearance. of Uepari- —Parties in Alabama, among themB'ftriet bnnyart with a tiight adiance on all c;u(ill:i< s ViU'l'. N.-i%-\ ik 0(-.. I.' / "•' ', Nev»-YL.-k lUedyestc-dayat'rl;ihe tiO'Jv. but thedepartnunt dmale departuvnt,0/ irocds and y :ini *,LIVKEi'OOI. Br.EALfiTDJTS MARKET.1-.: •lury til" I'Tunence, aiil therefore aIhave been defr auded tMOO^rki^. , t. 19, Dark rion.i. fnr I -.li,th.:my- tiMl for pliaiary dejiartment' off^tAfttnif III ',1irh T;.;O-V Ayx'It: not ff.l i,arraric'l b". the evid S:„r. Uaier's Is'am!'.tlooa.. ,.•-.,.Mp 6//.Cm-G»:ob<.eI. to the extent ofgener'-i,f .^,H a c a'urt. th.v.'er.^. »«'•'"• '""'*'m\. M. rliii T :r 'ir. liorsf Li.-- M.ition, togetlier inl-'iClirLstian Kt oner, of Marylnnl, and inettirg '.ast evening in the Fultor -street WigwKin. Prof. Ana-sa V- Ouv, ol Albany, N. Y., CiriesponJ- where u^jresses were made by E. F. Shspabd, oftl.i: Priiife took ^li^ place at the head of the .^nite, asalvo of IT Euiis was fired from the battery cattle I »:.•.) till'four LARina:, 12tii—1::I'^i". i.al i,i, t.-ij.v iniii^ins h:ive itiil'' itwo ing01 OUli-'ne hi. and dro»t of en- the ;-hI^'eU,J':ii:!k B. CJoioh wUiRoyal PartyH.H. . .,u-.TJ,>l.ii,re.i -.1 1,ly.) 1 liUj of Mercy have jutl ererted, on Debt \oi«e-street, wbeae the escort drew up, as the Prince di8:nount«*d,;..fi rr.and co,<t $12,000. Thenumber ofhirge gentlemenW. H. C.Masaji, BixniiTr,lol, Hsv>oi.B8 and otherniens. Cen. Scon presctittdIHr.Rfis and Col. DrrAviKiD presented Mr.DrpartmentKi'Ctn.1. sifKirjer S-Tntro, wi*;- 2 It' lla^., ;;; 'I rs i.,rIin Baldmore who hid beea committed to jail for various crimes,Of.S'.'^,;.! l^iJl l;cj.-jruI.•'.;.\•V -:. b>IslB WIcily i.r,...-i':Mc foricrdict of ;,c "Mituld. jUi . a-* rcnt^f'->-K.svbix,V. Hon. Julge Willis, GocvLxxi;TM oPAXKon,Gen,JomiEwt5,ofUeFcurthBrigadeby purchasing negroes•-•. !;..^tT. ,;;.. /.the N. w-Y 1 tii: an lii.iu...^: ii<".is for the iiinleofschool, upperAibeet hea'itone J(^3. IIoiig-KiingTl'i' icet on theGen. Scott, who. with Col. DiLAritLr. pre.",i]ei'vn^'- to tio..liv. lllnncsley'^"^^f^^S^i^om;himuporthebead.injurlnfrtObvKround,thisreport.adopted.was called to add his mite to the intel- uponDear Sia: I have been requested by His Beral Uigbness, the Prince of Wales, to thank the Fire De-Carey,;*^'''"kCr«^.Cork barkEdwardOUzt, Artfllery,Wew-Tork. Manyotterswere; :—very UtUe dlepositMa to tmm tbe yleWtuitr, a treatIsanticipated.urged."i M.«l4s. Co» as'"* "d S.T' Si *"»!* »^ a weakuSa if CoffeeArtlilery,whlefa oeciqiled ttree quarters of aa hour.to United KixedaadYellow,»«s.ld.«ST8.;white,18s.«»4»0bJ.«C^di. £?«>A'RV••• "' » «•'«» <rf Bydaey overThePruceonthla ooeaslaa wore The aplaineoitLrvxBMOi, Satnrday, Oct*. S!!?f**L!'***' "5,"" ^"^ tn preserved, at low rates. FtohhMetlve. OoanyBanqaletat14e. Otlawith-i latdytai reqaeat stlU fiad lavor.Review of tlieCadets.pUnrented by oftheday.aadatfio'oloathe. .Paovisioin generally are steady, Bairotilet, but out chuge kindsknown asPrlaoeaadparty waara- pro-more doing at low prices. The Oovenimeni contractthe City Wide- tl^ Head-<iuarters, No. (3$ Broadway, last erealog, wblch was largelytumed to CoL OxLAnxw'*, vided.where arappart .1beginning Wednesday,rapidly uplie elicited.P.MApr: or Tiji! JzRSKT-CtTT PiBi Depaet-of the Jersey-CityThe lineriicroi'the Commandant, the Prince was -.veU'ofned byformot' on Grand-street at 1 1 o'clock, and tha half-past<•(brii-k fell 'Tom tin- iiprer part;maa lales at tHe. Frita nn-tbe Tinton.The review of the trooM OMMladad the prograauBe;BuUer heavy 3,00$mtxGThe hoar fior the departure of the Princea view of the lUustrleae stranger, avaOed themselves Drnc.wUek bas been loeeUBy chartered {Or IkrMT-aauUlota best fsthmus,a»o.; fir-Awakrsheld a«<e 4s. lor barrels. Baoos quiet LAk> dull and to He. PDrfcteadbopwanl Ham rather attended: Mr. A. C. Hnii presided.^M,ll, S-ux>z>«x'y atoo.Doiaes--Improved. Whisky 30c«3t)fe. speaker. For thetir Here the Piinoe became the faesto< Oaa.ooaanoiptloa.Pare Sfirita A5c Poielnf Splriu inactive, a* last true the najust charge that the RaimbUeaa Party is aHotel, where been proridal them. elegant qoarterahadaucleStplrUs fOrlberof Wales and his«3A.LiBiaaBOudropptagtata>B.910s.<d.BoaaiebeieeL.O.Ile.«ll4te.Ketaedmeetlessrequest, Berevle*edtheefftiatioftbetwosyateoaofpfthaonlyreataiatngebaaeetaseeUrnasheleft 'andat dM Head of .sMli. 3d.«SrMrariai(aT^Bnatnia da& at lla. M.«ilto. Tbaalowofsale,)>tprteeenathaaged.m* ArBiJr.;unSdOerWlast vooated ao other Mea, this oae (hoold aod early bonir, and remained patiently awaiting bis ap- lead for Bottuo.LOKOOBBabiss BB«i. Circular report!THB PRINCVg TBANK8 FOR A OIBT. Hiss MAsraA BAuraa Bun, the beautiful aad aeeoat-MABKm, :Miwht for Tbe WiUtU goes tolfew-Torfc PoneaM negotiating; and Jfary Od;rea to Guano. CITV AKD COVIVTY AFFAIBS.BOARDOFALDERMEN.velvet with a simple gold l>eautlful, being prepared with thatTRs BAmnraad order. l>edworflt*gweli-knoa productions of ttlsbrO-Tbe motion washand,The Board of Councilmen was principally engagedPlease accept. In addition, own less mylittle business of importance was transacted.The Committee on Finance reported in favor of concurring with the Aldermen in donating $230 to tlieRAKC.Hon. JOBK CocBRAMB, who has received a re-them and upon appreciationof their merimtsy aosbligations atao fireaien,;BtMdert notoae savehosontrtofreelabor,andthat priadpleplished authoress ofday morning a note «rom Gaa. Bxccx,thanks of His Royal Hlgbaeas for an elacaat eepy of her book, which she had sent for hla aooeptisee.Inebriates' Home and $3,000 to the Five Points Mozart Hall, and Union sections of tbe Anti-Repub- lican Party, received an ovation last night from hisofdisplay bunting.THE PRINCE'S FLEET OFF PORTLAND.BosToii, OctU. Monday,Tm Board ooiteunred In the rasalatkn of the Board lo have commenced at 1H o'clock, but as the house of Aldermen, settioc apart tbe west sUe of tbe aeoood was cot then filled to more than one-fifth of its capa-and aUPortland, Me., at an early hoar tbis eveaiaf.THE RECEPTION IN BOSTON.stojyof theNew City Hall for the Superior Court and removing the Court of General Sessions to theto thetowards the pier. A cordon of Police was formedMxT-Yoxx Tiaas bees selected as one of havingrepeat- cries of " CoOBaAn," " O'Coboe," and " BaAsr."alleged attempther, and for assault andvsUSr at Badaon.ttethe official organs, any further allusion to that portionstranglebattery, August lastof theTbe Board willon the menced:of the ICtb ofwas eom-Ismeit again at > r. K. aa Thursday.:prueeedincsNone of there and Mr. i^ipeared,City,$.:0,077;District met last evening at their head- quarters. No. ei8 Broadway, C. A. Daha presiding. After a protracted session, Mr. Fxasxaicx A. Coaxjuna received the nomination for'.we were alone at 11 uJsou City at that timeunnecessary.night Sank Bogert testifiedNlLthto Tenth avenues, five bids, awarded to Jobaand informed him that his music would nottime, 13 moottis. Blasting andtime, one year. filnaegecriinngg, *c., in Korty-fourth-street, between Eighth aiidNinth avenues, on the east side of Tenth-avenue, lelwieii Thirty-first and Thiny-fourth streets, ani onCompany, at $18,750;In tke Sardinian Chamber of Deputies, Cueixa de- in Ike Senate, and ratified the informal proceedings llic north side of Thirty-seventh-street, between ISIKODUCTORT «I«BCI8K6-:-LICTOBB BY PBOtXa- this deprivation was the genial good humor of the resided at home since that time I have not ;tieen otit manded the production of all documents relating to bad in their absence. hecond and Third avenues, six bids ; awarded to Jer- SOB TALKNTINB HOTT. Prince and his party, which never forsook them. with anybody since my husband was In jail; 1 havethe. entry of the Sardinians ln:o Umbria ani the The Governor sent in tils message on the 25th ult emiah D.Moore at $1,500 43; time, lOdays. Flag-season of the Medical Col- As the ^tfrrr^r Lane steamed away from the pier the nrit been to a ball since that time ; after we wereThe Govempr says therein that he will call no extra session if the Legislature aijuurns w.thoutwas answeredof the cutter.on board Tlie crowd on the dock cheerei andSpring,1 lett, and w ent to toy sister's in Troytics.by dippingtbeEnglish ensign; afterIre-1 went 10 live with husband at Hudson turned myawarded to Jeremiah D.Moore at f£38 75 tkattbere existed neither public document nor pri- electing Senators, wtilch would postpone the election days. Fiaggiiig around Abingdon Park, eight bidssixTbe organizationcity,themanagersdeemed itadvisable,it ispresumed,sake Of of«aeidea.Tbatldeahebelleredtohetba Accofdlngly,at t o'clock A. M.Scott.disappointedof Thismornbigat6Mo'clock,thefteamerOmii^them toflna, with a sUgM*4*>a<" 9" ''>'"<'B*'<lii>Vt'**« Ooai' aad aia slow at the ooaMM. at lie. for Crushed; The labor, demoBitratiag that U RepaBUeans ad- the Flfth-avenne Hotel. Here crowds gathered at an time atfke Capital, and ttan take the WeaSlm Kdt'earxcpoiritadtaeibaMvBadiaeocaatlnnndeo* baritsrktofaor Wheatbetter;91 MOhe. to a fUr qnotatka for *lpplaa eaapjea. The would entitle them Ip a glorioas victory. He pearance. At SV o'clock the Royal party entered saiall npply of tonnage latdy to head to eiaerty elalated that their opponents had not erea one idea, their earrlagea, aad amidit the cheering of tbe as-WaatT ftria but& • goaitaralneeprevloaa toEagiaBd; ZrMiubaektoCbbia; IVmr to England; tbe eA>ruof tte present Administration bad been de- sembled multitnde drove fetidly t« tbe revenuellcaaPartybowstandsdiapoaiag Me cited aathoitllea ftaa the loahdeia ofthe OoJeK- ]Mclasp.BAiiae Baos. and Bau, Boa A Co. report a limited tiea of the " Battery Enlaigemant" on the same terms that tbe Interett of white men demand tliat the free provide the collation oa board. The weather, which,LEONARD.The Board of Police CommissioBerB XMtlaborpartystaouldbesuccessful. He de- and eooditions as those embraced la the " alleged " strenuouslynied that the Republican was an AiwUlion party, and- ia)i'»40]i referred. A resolution removing flie Court of Ses- of Its iqipoacnts.tbe season, andthat the Prince wxiuld have a In the privilege of accepting from tbe Prlaoe eC pleasant dayand claimed that the firat four aamad (rntleaieB were right thea and are wrou i-owiaa the last namad was right both Ihaaudaoa.;on Seventy- and improvement lor Fxxus, who presides over the University,was not there be-awarded, many eminent members of the medical profession,IIo-.pitaI.Untitled Document;waved their adieus to the departing Prince, who City,at hisrequest;;on tne day he set my iwd oaing Jamis RoBiaeox, a young man residing at No. 133 i^uty of Inaugurating tbe opening of the term. Thethe follow ing day after the occurreitce above testified ; The Spanlcli Gavenunent has demanded a Congress on Monday, October I, for the eiectioti of two U. S. Eighth-street, went out with two of his friends to see lecture « as worthy of the dlstioculshed reputation of where he could have a good view of the objects and Rogers ordered her out, and upon refusing he at-Conven'ion to convene in tbe Hall of Representation:argumentasparty,sions to the third floor of the building now occupiedby that Couri, and giving to tbe Supreme Court tbechanged. The weekly return of the Bank of England use of the rooms now occupied by the Court of Ses- meeting was not a debating society, and was inloced the northwest but the sun rose pleasantly. For the ment of his courtesy In guiding the Prtqee aad hlainstead of from tbeterse address, giving his reckons for ixit liking fu'^loa. ing the drive and the consequent excitement through Anaiar Potiu k Co., Ship Brokers, have sus- the usual course. An application from the arti^ who He thought that if a man wanted to sustain any prin- Broadw'ay. The Harriet Lane remained at her an;tween Fifty-third and Fifty-sixth streets, wUcb tookBattery, thus avoid-made a of Hondon'S statue of Wasliington, to ciple at all, or to vote for tbe Union, the Constitntion, copyuntil 9band, but tliey did not appear, and the steamer was tbe Mayor to the Chief Engineer of tbe Fin Depart accordingly started for the place of the Prince's em- his on (k»have it purchased by the City, was referred. A large and tbe enforcement of tbe laws, he must of necessity chorage number of assessment lists lor various street improve- be a Republican. ;ments w ere confirmed, but they were purely personal Mr. O. B. Btnca made an interesting address, com-in interest. Alderman Stabb stated that by an over- mencing with the idea that the Constitution, t eo'clock, waitingfor the arrival of theOct 7.CerroH.—The sales yesterday, (Saturday.) were charges preferred by the Mayor against Messrs. 1W7. were strong Republican speeches.bag-Whitehall for itself as to render comment unnecessarythe Committee to whom bad been referred the Declaration of Independence, and the Ordinance ufoccasion of tbe torchlight parade. It speaks (o weBi :sightCraven and Tappan bad omitted to append to their re-the denial of those and he therefore gentlemen,of thepier, under a written order from some one, and it washe admittedwas fixed tkonaands who had beenBoiTos, Monday, Oct IS. southwest room on the third story, and the Board ai- to defer the formal opening until the crowd should across the dock, but for which it would soon have Baron Riaraiw will be received at the Roxburysacrtleglona attack of the King and Government ofFladBOBL Heproteated,andwouldnotceasetoprotest,' against tbelr acta, wliicb be declared null andofooeSieot. He eulogised and bleased Us defenlars,aod oiled tke European Powws for assistance. He of betting has commenced, and tliere aeems no diffi- precipe character of wblch was, to say the least of it the was unfurled at the foreculty to get backers on even bets either for or againstThe Board meta laint and unsatisfactory attempt at a response had the Prince. The yards of the Harriet Lane were public demonstrations will be made in his honor aatikhardlyed booms of a caiukon were beard, intenpersed withto bum hlaatafter the list of olBeers had been offered and adopted, aiMl discussed elaborately the matters at issoe befweea himself and the party to whom ho He was warmly receivelappeared,givenUniversity York was inaugurated last nightof theCliywhen, iu 01 Ills continued abaac> consequenceCecaaAiia,length,tbe order was107 Eastcupied the Chair, and on the platform were Chancel- gracehrlly The steamer Tliomas P.College, No.Fourteenth-street.we lived there about one month raided his hat and bowed his farewell to while there my husbnnd struck and lucked me, whichDemocrats in the House. There is no certainty of an be^n drinking together, and the tdect of Rosmon's Surgery, and if tbe sentiroents which be essayed to however, and with his suite occupied themselves there tmtil towanls night election taking place at the time specified"ThereisaoCalUonianews.Lieut BAiia arrived from Indcdendenre at Foriwhile wasdownstairs sheviiitttlz'cisco litan Faucirr'^ Mariposa mines,' being the pro- duct of the previous eight d^ys.By the arrival at San Fi andsco of the ship Lotiu, we tiave advices from Hong Kong to Aug. 13- Site left at that pori skips Star King, Bank Kott, FUttThetiDo Mott, M. D., LL.D., EmeritusThe jury had not rendered a verdict at t P. M. certain. The Svori-JUk, from Shacghae, Marcena the man w ho had inflicted the injury could \x cst.ib- Principles and Operations of Surgery, with Surgical from house-tops and flag-staffs, and tlie villagers came The eappoaeM Sfarder of Capt. Uehavd C.Several French Blabop* have issued pastoral letters Wing and S{a Sftpent, whose destination were un- brain, superinduced by a fracture of the skull. No W. DraT>er, M. D., LL.D., Professor of Chemistry and cal Interest,;lished,and thejuryPathologkal Anatomy;KcUy.on the ofbody Capt. Kbllt,ijhaogliae, entering Hoog Kong.The Hong Kong Prrns, -of the lOth and Uth ofatd Practipc of Medicine.on schooner Catharine Itargaret, found drowned gettingthe French in 64 vessels, l.irge a.id small,inuiuf actionand the British in upwards of 200 vossfls...;and on thewhich was loaded with brick, waaIt was generally belicvrd the 1st day of August lud Mi.s*ionary in Hayti for nearly twenty years, made a-.^^— RUSSIA.INDIA.The Bombay mails, to Sept. 11, bad reaehsd Eng-land ;portion.The news Is unimportant The Bombay market J. C. Fiske, Victor Marsione. Newman R. Mowfrey, cost cif erecting building's for the proposed seminary plauded. Dr. Baxiaw dwelt at considerable length onteiiitorT.forts.myRomiin CathoUtss, waoioi'ATBiaoioence could be procured by which the identity of Physiology;Alfred C. Post, M. D., Professor of theAi every village and landing-place flags streamed down upon the piers opposite to eateh a glimpse ofand >lnaranIA, imceriainNew -York same day. Saw ship Mandorin^ from (.eath by violence at the hands of some person un- P rrofe.««oi of General and Descriptive Anatomy the sen oftherefore rendered a verdict ol andlinown. Deceased was a native of tills City, 23 John T. Metcalfe, M. D., Professor of the Institutesyears of age.FiMALE Ei>i;CAT)r>.- IN Hatti. A moelingJtily, on which day the allied heet sailed lor tiie scene Clergvmen,—of diffci :.i denominations, wa.s held IntbeThe cla^s for tbe present season, It expected, was resimted lastofRoom No. 23 of the Bible House, yeeterday afternoon,at which Rev. M. B. Bird, who has been a Methodistoutnumber that of which have preceded it and witliin ball stating that a gentlemen on board had 7th inst, ;the Prince's party. The lettor; related to the details day the v.>s!el,Taactla have been ordered immediately to quit that been un for the combined attack upuu the Taku pleii in behalf of the estaolislunent of a Female Acade- IsACOCi-AL Address of the New-Tork Ho- of the reception at West Point Gen, Bcott had discovered in a sinking condition, I'he only laanagreedin the island. He said tlie inhabitants, thoughMr.woAt Coiisox.—The address gone up by Railroad. on the schooner with the Captain waa Inaugural emplojtdr ro exceedingly liberal in theirTtx Empress was safely delivered of a prince on had up txHween the French SKid British, the ac- views, eulogized Gen. GErraAxs, the President of the last evening, at the lecture-room of the College, at the in the best style of the art The bracing air gave che; ter County, wheretke 3d.:officers and theHarborthe AraHa has on board the Anericaaenlarged upontor Cotton and Seed had coniddeiably alvaooad.OUron, Mrs. D. if. Peters, John Johnson, L. Carlisle, thai should be helped forward. Rev. Mr. I^ixasox, of the Faculty, panicularly cautioned them against the theand tl e party prepare 1 to land. RoyaJImports continued more doing at the reJucedbut there n-as prices. Vams liad an Im-C. Mrs. Keeuan und eight clilldren, C. M. Kentucky, expressed similar views, and a series of Itr.i fn Allopathy, which he charactenxed as a system Esper,in umiorrn,and a dozenhorses sodJJed for tire use of the Prinze posse.-ses all of the conditions of well-marked de-fcminf teiiden.).pl y. to receive children. A. Frazler, wife and children, Capt. Prutr. Lr. HoLDiTCH, who presided, was appomte*!and wile, J. W. Clark, J. J. Dr'-w, Mrs. Harlow, all funds that hhoulu be siibscribed to further it Awnserly before the churches, andrche mectiiig adjourned.Tempekanct second World's MATTfir-sy-There drawn up aloagof the and angles of theuntatitfactory,Freights « ere rather better.were soon sci cn.l officersthe body was in tbe water tenor twelvediys; ititwasreportedthatmuchjcalou&yand badfeeling-servedupbythepopularhostoftheAstorHouse,w.'i= thevesselwaaowned. Boop- told of the extent to which concubinage uomer of I'wentlcth-street and Tliird-avenue. The to itnd the entertainment was evident. y lE has not been seen or beard of since. Every eCsrt^~ grown "edge appetite,really emoyed by the Royal, as well as by the mo eRepublic,prevailed among the bladu, asitliadprerajiedamoag meeting wsis presided over by Ex-Mayor TtiHAaa, the whites when the French ruled the country, and the I-i esldent of the Board of Directors. The hallwas well filled and the address was listened to withMr. Kean, A. Bowman, E. T. Burdiok and child, L. would be l*,UW), and urged that the project ^as one the merits 01 the new practice, and in his address toTtie British are very ladlgnsat and nl the pretensions of the French. "count saying disgustedTbe passengen^ by the Sonnra were as followsC. W. Hawley, Giaham and wife, Mrs. Olauet and two infants, W. W. Tumt7, Wm. Patty, A. Peterson,the opporttmlties for misslouary labor which were open there. He stated that the probable:andtbe occasion with their presence.THE RECEPTIO.V AT WEST POI.VT. At2^ o'clock P.M. the Ilarnrt L->ne app.oiohodHighlands, Uacbe, L. H. Bacon, John Creigsby, Anthony Mur- resolutioLs recommending the various churches to 01 eiTor. hy>>oth<:.iis and assumption. He also advised On the landingJohn Knowles, W. W. Ad»er, wife and three give the ihatter a helping nand, was adopfed. Rer. the micttEi discijiliiie in conducting the school.thatremoved the cn'Jre .•.calp, >nd scrapedhe, it is aot too much to i.'sunie that the medical department of the Universityhospitals. Infirmaries,will rank with lire first in the country.hor»c-carsrrfcrietlthrough Hicks-street toFultonFerry,Col. lItv^oLPP,h( W. a meet H.Riiv a.;dresses.itbe C hecrs gr< eted them as they pushed along.ascr'n'.uniiies' facl.i may'.'0 Ir-l -toivE. Ci.-ua-in,to a Committee, so thatthe reinatns of clottedAlierthe transaction of the Board .idjouriied.fa^l. t!n' pnrty s.epiiid ashore,Prince,eft ;. r of^decra^ed during Ws lifetime :IS hi front of the City Hotel,and it us Miaiis. both from Tenn< »ee,the and the— flocretary Cobb in'ende to transfer his rf.^i- Mr.VzCowov.!, ileiiceloNaeen,Ou.coi^f' ffoor for ;heiswillLane,captain,Prof.witness did not see the potations was manifested ia boisterous behavior. InciSieate in the mlads of the students are faithfully re- with what was to be teen. The orphan children from burned quilt or cord that day, but saw tbe eord a few-;Reaching the comer of Prince-street and Broadway membered and obeyed tbe standard of medical educa- the Asylum at Seventy-fifth-street came out, and days afterwards her sister told her what he had at-;Dr. cvlier w as called, and testified that he atfeodeA Mrs. Rogers in sickness, about Aug, I.Mrt. Ann PkiUipe, mother of Uie plaintiff, atate<fpassing1>. P.LL.D., Chancellor of the University; Valen- out in the hues of Autumn, never ap- the back, caused by a kick Rogerstion will be greatly elevated.with a party of 14 men, on the 27th lost He one of wtiom finally struck liim a heavy blow on the and fifty, but it is expected that over five hundred willranging themselves along the bank of the river, tempted,RsgcrsDejoin,reports the iruUnm year troublesome on the Albu-liead. He fell to thV pavement, the blow bating ren-dered him insensible, and bis friends as soon as possi-ble had him taken to his residence, where a physician 'iieB.-^oiuPrince. TbeinmatesAsylumquerque route.., ^ . . .that her was still suffering from an injury likhe iKcaine involved in a dispute, vrith two strangers,Simday evening, rit (j>b o'clock, he died. Coroner fearcyuity M.LL.O., Professor ofdaughterthoughtScinxusa yesterday held an Inquest upon the body. and a post-mortem examination by Dr. BotJTOii showed that ceath had resulted from compression of tieGuiming S. Bed-illness wasabout over-exertion. ought by;the BritishThe steamer Themue PmttU came round in theef tha oa tbenightIt will be recollected that the schooner eame' departure of the pRmcE. about > Bat tbeof the royal guest Capt Faubcb had been Industrious-splendidaccompany the party to West Point, and Mr. Srarsos,of tbe Astor House, as on tbe former Occasion, was togageroyal partySunday idgbtye*.New-York.onntimber of excursionists, followed the steamer up the river. Vessels aikd steamers dipped their ensign.--,Maria and Hare fired salutes from tlieirBatckilsik, Isaac Woos, and others. and the yachts I could not get outkey,we were married at Hoboken;QENEBAIi CITY NEWS. President Deatxx introduced to the audience, anchorage at Hotwkeo. These compliments were re- my husband's father was opposed to our marriage.whomwere Prof. Tai.istikx many ladies.sponded to on board the cutter in the usual w ay.The Prince at first took his stind in the pilot-house,Senators. The vote was unanimous in the Senate, the i%':eat procession of firemen. Ail of them had the eminent gent leman who has for so maay years occu- scenery along the river, and, at tbe same time, escape tenipted to put bcr out but did not snooeedhe thenTbenumberofstu-dents already entered reaches nearly tliree hundred cheered and waived their adieus to the deparUng her sister two or three times afterwards.and SurgicalAnstomy,peared their admiration very much, and tbey expressedpar-facultyconsists of Rev. Isaac Ferris,daughterD., Materia Medica and Therapeuticsof the river towards the ticularly portion ap-Maityn Payne.ford, M. D., Professor of Obetetrirs, the Diseases ofof thatproach to West Point Sunayside, the late home and;,b.'The ca'e was given to the jury without havtagbeea \summed after a brief coargc from Judge Oeaaa. up.;Johnnow the resting-place of laviss, was painted out to the Prince, as well as many other localities of histori-of the Deaf and Dumbalso came out and paid their silent respects lo theand his suite. Fifty Ur.iRroicomposition;portionlips; I matdheandlonimar.iiaiit of the P.ust, accompanied by Licut.-were on the dork to receive thepec^l'Erco;«rQuuen.The inquestThe lunch, which, as on the former occasion, wil-< at West Farms,iB Weat- of this College was delivered by Dr. S. B. Baxlow, Jon^ HoopKB, also belongingInteri St, and many of the Doctor's points were ap-femocratlcof the Mrs. Fai-.vjs portion giwsts. Cai^t.which was:ju! wiihout .nircess, and it is now believed that thetoa. ha.*' been suttk.Tne following was all the evidence taken last nightbefore Coroner GArrxiT:Dr. L. W. Elder testified—I have examine! the bodyof deceased, Richard ReUy, and am of the opi lionand Mrs. Waxd and olece, graced daughter, CaptI'olire, to find the ya«l—a peculiar oaehour of tbeThe book was bonnd in neatlyMeantime, had been driven tocould be inducod toforPrince on board, the cutter was greeted with everydemonstration of respect for tbe mission on which shewas going. River steamers saluted her as she passed, tion of like character at all to be compared wltt Itby screams of their steam-whistles, and dipping their flags. The shipping along the North River was deckel out with ail their colors, and the Cunard steamer atthe order In his suit of the steamer.In : go pur- partmentJersey City,well as the English steamers along tbecitizens,Very truly, yours,for theirTbe Bammooi'.-street Pier was partly submerged,conspicuousleadingriver,along West-streetbut Eollditf,— it was deeidedly loose. One gen- ing at the head of the Pier announced the coning of who will escori him to the Revere Hrmsii No other tlemancalledforcheersforMr.CooexAax,andwhentheirracy are confident of carrying tbe State. A good deal regular day of meeting, and at once suspended the teen made, be called for three more." Not satia- manned, and in another moment the Royal par- Thursday, which Is to ^ dtycise an Important infinence on the California election.Tbe Repoblicans, accordingly, are not unmindful of such tactics, Eoexaa SnubtVAH, a prominent memberof that party, having already wagered $23,000 against (3,000 that Mr. LiRCOLa will be electei by the people. The nwney is deposited in the Bank.bis desire was to consign Rome to the protection of a l>een entirely receded from, and decided to have been belowThe Board then by designatedsalute.yardswere tbe Prince shook maimed,before OeDBB and Aeanrtato Judge•eriooiy Mosome few bills.buliot the papers In which the places for holding toepolls in the various Wards should be publlabed, and all his life. He had subsided when tbeYesterday,Judge Porx, tbe trial of Edwib Rooxaa, a youag maayesterday aflemoon, being"rules in order to complete the list of Inspectors of ted with this, he insisted on making a speech, tbe ty were at the landing. As tbe Prince went on board general holiday.^tofillvacanciesoccasionadAc. This being completed, the Board then look up ever, and Insisted on having It oontinoed. Tbe ob-;Registry,by redgnaUons,daplned Ike disastrous aiul pemioiotis policy of non-iBterveatka, and called on the Powers to examine DocoLAS. Heavy bets are always supposed to exer- tbe regular btuiness, which amoimted only to refer- fuscated orator proceeded, luid by way of exhibiting national anthem of Old Eagland, and there was no Allegtcd Attempt ta Bnra aad Btraa^ a Wllb«icmewkatIndefinite. Theaudience Ithow- Englishensignrelished, once there was no band to strike up tbe stately JBHBBy CITY.bis dislnterestadneH, solemnly avowed that he was bent on saving the Constlttitlon aod tbe Union, and that he liad *' never seen the man (Mr. CoouaAKi) InTheliands corlially with Capt. FAtniox and twwed to bisofficers. Lord Lvons, the Duke of Newcastle and tbe indicted for an other gentlemen of the suite ffoUowed him on board,and inunediately after tlie.bajigage was passed in andto cast off.The contrast In this embarkation of the Royal partyof New-York. Mr.but forn^ v. .the road at the bottom of the liill.and S4u,ids of people laonth were carried away, probably by fishThi steamerhavingbeen madeI ..>ed to befo^"l\ha' supi t.ia; violence was in- 'iSin-1 lam. .'the opinionand theLoid I.Tc.M^, till- Dul'.t of Newcastle, and others of thetheclosed in behind litem,Tkia ceremoay oeeapied baif aaI am the wife of defend- on the Ifitta of Anguft last we had aoae dW- cuity ; that night we went to bed about eight o^olaek ; was due entirely to the medlling stupidity of the Col- I went to sleep and was awakened by tlie buraiac ^A ; I looked up and saw lighted matctieawith the joyous and stately character of the reception onboard of the Harriet Lam, was very marked, andant;pears, had called on Mr. Donwoara on Saturday tbrm husband was in bedhe thenevening,be wai>t''d hence the sombre cliaracter of the em-barkation. The circuu.->uu*-^c waT 'Veplv regreltei, I cannot bum you, andcarrythe 29!h ofSeptember,fallowinghas b.en Eiadc by Kew-JerseyLeitnre Momenta, received —r~"t"> Aaimportaat'- acknowledgments, and assure tne noble fellows wh»turned out the occasion ofaa careful search for the eridcnees of w ounds uponbe observed in thisas a;took a curiam cord, put it around my neck, and tried;residing ;Cbilstnias; the quilt wa'i consideraoly bumed; Ibave-skl.i atbroken ui.onremovingtheeyeoall •oeketj,;that was abtulre ^..=^^g^^>^"-^w*-^^«fv-:*^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ewwi.fulistonsheist5ory.c5 