thalr rl^reetondto tbem u .^^notfaiag betterihaa lUs, tha impresstoa hills the sraetaiar caawithin his ristoa triBlaally promising epoch la India's history was in-haU-wmjrIf flu Heolaiuat U«t get thetar Ubertlei, the nogtof will bring cavauy, «gtr«f laagnlfieent la^.anguraled.asthelastrrww home. overEurope,aadwasreceivedmost gw^gBaLdriveatary ooamand in tlie GermanThe army.)sis, so to speak, of air taken from the most diverseiu, in athe fate Of ClunisFarllameotf It U no winder that the Jesuits are in-"Ah," said the man, yon onI]r canopened. The execution of the Armstrong gtms was found to be tremendoas, as tlielr shells pierced and burst the walls of the fort, and an awful explo- sion shook the ground. But amid the ruins the Tar- tars stood to their guns. When the field-pieces ad-nounced his adherence to the6ith of"I soasTXD THATezclalmed the cat. !R. W. R.So far as I am informed, a large majority of theannum,greater ease than one in the United the health of the country, the lowlands arettaI^Aittela,^to laoiad the Government ofcannot make "whocnaliaf atm-Iaaim^ta amy hi* meaaure* througliimportant conceasioiu Kr. Sqmu truly remarks:This is oneballoons to come backlike another inan. It is to behoped that%bviaksactiHoed tioBofthethe,gf«|iona principles:every privileges^he finds sassms, and that night after night small—Thereby was magnified "!house,putlie true in time of needofThis will be too late toreadUy bringsl iai npiiilin .'.;" I have but this alone !"withStates, and so it is with almost everything else.—mus, which he has—Mrs. Julia DkanSan Franciscans her bypro»t«ttxt,;jidEiara,withUs at'VeUag. "The!I've nothing more-meeting,the from English journalsPm poor" Come share the prixe," he sadly cries,end ofthe other have taken up the cudgels, and ais »-AlasStay! here's a bit of bread I"onp tensively discussing the doctrine,the Island ta'."Then snatched it—and waa gonevanced,and riflemengotd«1igtit»ngkind or other was drawn up at Warsaw, but not ty-seventh Regiment|he fi>rmer than he has with the latter. During theirThe maxmer of the taking of these forts seems to havehippopotamiin the same remaifcable dialect.at "Warsaw, the monanAs and their ministers 1iad«everBl interviews, but a person who is likely topeopleconcerned, tbcywithcantsize,which revolve round the sun iiiplane> dulgedhailed with enthusiasm tliroughout the whole A.ust7iatiEmpire, and especially in Hungary. The Emperor necessarily hasorder to deliberate on the means bybeen found we could constitute a Government tliat mightI'aAHOU JosxpH wished to appear tiefore the otherreallythat to drive a Chinese force out of put an end to our insigniticant divisions, and during the month of September, at Carlsnihe, in improbable that lie will move to the East.—^Mr. JsDucTRAN Palmes,who was the fathermenced war in Italy. The army of the Tyrol, of Ve- set theapres- come to adopt definite method of notation. He wroth, and patriotically expresseth itself thusnetia, and of Dalmatia haa been considerably rein- of the brass prizecommand ol the troops.it iiught tiave been foresecn,idespite the recall of thewars—faction warring against faction, each striving toit could injure the Republic by decim-rendered necessary by the recent progress of or-—cans near him. TwoWild Cat ia Indiana. BankiBgttiey have on- ly served to consolidate the position of the Krapcrorin abadlie madebecause he of those who occupied them. Who did llie work ofdianapoUs, accoirmanied by an affidavit made by the;from them ttiis advantagf, that the national spirit of France is excited by the threats which result from all these underhand manctuvres, and that France will lollow the Emperor the moie willingly in his ulterior march.It is a proof of great confidence when. In the laatitmade it before he had shown the people and the Gov- destruction ?M. Chattk iiuists that there is iodine in theeoa- that aienvBeli Admiral, Lsataam urn Tmaa, feredto stop the PlodaionteeefleettamfirliigmoBand no oeoioM wm ntiify the CaUnet of BetUo.ftrpettrtrnaar which Mid 10 many flwuMidmea to lUo^ter oar £iUhen,a]id to this davcaUsthetoiUTiah obedience "loyalty and ralor." (I quoteftomaTorrrecentarticleIn&Tor<rfthedividedmiil- Italy, lamataloMtoconceive. ItIsquiteplain ftwHvMandarins,althon^therwillbdUlblymake oUcOcean—adistanceoftwatveleagtns,orM withthesolevfcwofmakingapiiyaiologicanaly-at Warsaw mat his Majesty was totally unable tocmeeal the vexation and annoyance he felt. The re -latlcnsbetween the Emperor FaAHoaJosara and thePrince Regent of Prussia appeared to be very good.TlM Emperor ALXxutnaa was extremely kind and at-tentive to his illustrious guest, and the only percepti- ried out, and that, either with or without the co- ble difference in his treatment of them -sas. that he of the gun-t)oat6, but most probably with was soniewhat more punctilious wiUi the Emperor of operation,This is the thxrteentk asteroid discovered GoLSSCBMiDT, and forms tbe lixtielh of the group.sia. ShouldtherebeaEuropeanCongressfortheJudgeSupremeof Austria left Warsaw four or five hours earlier ttian the Regent of Prussia did.They mayacquire possession of the forts without cost of life totiitir own men, and to have made use of their arms ofprecision and rifled cannon, keeping their own men peaceful avocations sate, and demonstrating to the enemy how useless the certain^ of security{|satisfactory.we should, when we came before that Chinese fort in Ihiiag untenable and bad wotild bare been consoli- the full strength of oiir power and of our Europeanlength, proportioned Voyaset, states in that periodical that hs has time.correspond,pear to implicate the State Auditor. The fiuttaiuiwith wbich it must be reproached, that it has not real- ly exercised a salutary and beneficial action ?If, on tlie other hand, the opposite tendencies, sup-"so we riching Nicaragua's soil, they would have been en-lari of the affair"Academyfellow who lived histitution. Late on Friday Bight the PresldeiUportedof Dr.hU ownBoschze,am'mingAnnapolisworked his passage from Texas by doing jobs of York, who says it is his business to start and breakdatedinot only would the oppression of peoples not be for hours before that we should science, delayed it,enterprising youngtype-setting at various points on the route. Hepassed the most satisfactorilyof the Bank, A. Srooiraa, and Mr. Swasv. of New-on formal rigtit, had been victorious, every-martyrs —to know that the Naval Ex- geographical Board have admitted to the atthe emap,sadtoareTimaGovernmenthas.OaearifaatratrnnsoathaniH^Btafapartyof caUybycrownedanduncrownedheads—Neapcttba dinlaa^ivs firom laadlaghgy of^ moqgi ofjhe ^arig-an nana, ThaChineseG noepHoatalMdllao.'offlolals, who went frommuiMHd to Calcutta InoratthMateofS hour." mttes anfor Us recent spec-^rt^How, after this Wer«aitigo,Kan>UMSaaU Claia, TeUta aad Los nu^wedenetdooM, Telgo, (lalas,tothePai^—Oen. Habhkt has obtainedDepartment leave of abaence for one year Tk.of ultra conservatism. The the intention of Lord Eloik and Baron Oaos to pro- land made thatMlong as this amountmade torob andFrinde Segent has hesitated long, out of considerationceed to Peking as guests of the Emperor, accom-The lease of this land extends asgermsDt.Bbck,ofDantzig,hasbeenmakinga quence,pistols,slung-shotsreUered him from bis perplexities, by making him a true.We tbereibre trust thst inhas brought false news, and that the Ambassadors, with the magnl&sent ann* wldch they have at their— rather the conater- poisonkrmtitinmg, between the Prince Regentand Charles I. is too alMurd to laquira a reply.KMUradafei, the Berlin Pmdk, flnds ample scope la th4 present state of alMra ibi its witty crlticisma awicaricatoica. Ifairchofttcannat.be translated; batpositions upon the road had been taken with con- siderable military skill vbA fortKed with much csare.A Tartar camp had been fbrmed. aad the best troops of China were plaead beUad the wolkB,It was thought that if the weapons Of the f^iineseINTSKESTINa FKOBI MICAKAGVA.grets, to pass a law authorixing Oe purchase of fltesto community lands, at a blr valuation.Such lands, at such prices, offer the greatest induce- ments to agriculturists hi the United States of small—A notable instance of the extreme special- peddled fif^ bus^^ of charcoal in Ae pMSc ization' of modem science is presentad in tha streets, and another wiU paid m FhOad^pUa,of the followinc fable in verse is founded had beencapital. Iwouldnotadvisethosedestttnteof tocomehere,buttliemanwhocancommandhisgSOl or $1,000 can do more in one towards aninde-States with the same eqiital in ten.He can command labor at twenty-five cents perHoaae.tliepoint onhumannatoife,and,therefore,winbethesamein aU tUBKUM*equalAllies, thecontestStates—ReaaareaaoftheCaai|try>ttc. From Oar Own Oorrsspoadsnt.In one diort nWit, a laekless wiglit Waareft,byfire,ofall.garding the final ratification of thementtotheLamar-ZelndonTreaty.Thereisnorea- waysfindareadymarketHecanstockhisplace—'There has long been a break in the serieabody.He entered the^LeUdatmaiaiazS. nilNo frieads Iw fonnd — ;The French commander to send Us agreedfor a mere A of oxen will not song. yoke goodhim over twenty-five dollars, aad an horse will not costofWaleeb, NorthBroofcfi^ld,istiissnainrhis very liouad Came no more at ^ call.fcwces responsi- bility. The attack was made on the morning of the 31st, four English and four French gun-boats draw-son to fear that this Treaty will not be acted uponfavorably by the Nicaraguan Congress, as soon as Itassembles but no extra session will be called for that ;An old tom-cat cared not for that But faithful at his sideKept howling so, his silent woetventy-sizthbeing wanting.;to those of themight probably have compared with several Euro-oftenthataworkineightrathercostlyvolumes Wittymen— intelligentTteATsemraaza states that many personages have pean battles. The English and French acted togetherfomken King Fxahcis II. at Gaela, win were but re- with harmony and eqnal gallantry in the attack.cently rewarded by him for their falthfiilness In mis- The Allies had got to within half a mile of the Greatfortone. The Kladderadattck applies this fable from North Fort, which appears to be the key to the whole The TiHis, of Oct. I, expresses some doubt re- the last century:yearpendency tn Nicaragua, than ha can In the Unitedon one branch of can Botanyaexpect large aale,—^The duty of calling the Massschnae^Hoase of Bepresentatnrw to otdar, lAta it tkm next assemble, will devolve npon W. B. Calhovi^ of Springfield, who is the oldest member of tlwposition, alttiougfa some difference of opinion Is said to have occurred among the Generals on this point.day, Senate's amend- that(the laborer his own out of students of ferns are called,) quietly diffused finding provisionsto the attack,leavingto Sir Hops GaAST thework- him over ten or fifteen. Hilch-1862. —ing theattentionof theiortslowerdownas President HAsmni has at last concludedand as for histhe United States. The soilsugar, coffee, cotton, rice, com, cocoa, and many other valuable products, of which the producer can take his choice. Two crops of com can be jaised perofnotorietyof various kinds.Wiluakat feepioalMlthemif tbqr did »ot makethe tele hMBoriWehome with a halo of professional\^ y,^ lmiles. that his conduct is calculated to prolong a bopieless them pass for tribute-bearers, wOl have their private The whole extent of this beautUiil plain can be takenfromtheWartermined me to invite my colleagues to meet in snow that such an expenditure of life has not been un- whichIncurred,if it shall be proved that itIchemists from allpartsof theworld,was heldgetherin coming this conclusion, and it is not mate. She drank it and died in three houra. tjnecessary we elevate our national dignity, intending, when that time one of their ten thousand fortresses must makesurrounded by a numt>er of those manifes-The magic formula of the Diploma was to make wc mu.-?t come promptly to the conclusion that war in President of Central America. My idea was not car- Would— Having had the pleasure of meeting inBoston with Mr. Farnham, and having learned his well-informed person,Sovereigns tations.these enormous preparations, and lose all these men, arrived, to resign my authority Into the hands of the Germany. Among the questions discussed wereof Mrs. Gov. Basks, and a very eccentric thoughthem believe tliat all the old sores of the imperial Cliina has entirely changed its character, and we ried outbut I am more and more desirous of fur-:it be judicious to establish a difference be- tween the term atom and molecule ?died at the Governor'sresi-State were healed. The Empire, made young again, ourselves to reason must applythat thering a work so great as the salvation and progress tmpleasantnight.uponwas to resume its full strength, its former weignt, in fact. ThcBogue Forts were, to look at, as tremen- of our, country. I hope that every man with true Cen- dent of the Idea of atom or molecule ?—sun ivor of the battle of Bunker Hill, and the re- tation, died at Madison, Wis., on the 3d. She waathe councils of Cabinets. Everything indicates, it dous and impassable a fortification as could be built, tral .\mericait feelings will aid me in this important Wouldthe following item:Farnham,the soleMrs. S. D.a Curtis, poetessof somerepa-must be admitted, that the Austrian Government hadno intention to allow the fruits of the changes opera- cally with three or four ships of war. In the nar- ted at home time to ripen, but w islied to cuil tliem at rower waters of the Canton tUver there were fortili- once.it lie desirable to place chemical notation in undertaking. Your friend and fellow-countryman, harmony with tha progress of science ?|vet we used to goperiodi-m and batter them down catiou.s not less formidable in guns and masonryIf Aiuiiria Kad found some support from Frus-sia andRus&iu, .sr.e would, it appears, have at once com- arose, either an English or an American ship of war union with the other Central American States. It was the Convention, thought that the time had nothas made up his mind to vote for Li.ncoln on Tuesday next."negroinVicksburgh recentlywonthan these now andthen,within themselves, there would be no occasionfor adistinguishedat Warsaw, and not the slightest counter-demonstra- toiled bard and acted gallantly. But then comes the I do notyet every garrisondifficulty;place.prematurelystarve or to occupyas well as at Paris.sam-beenboughtofffromPekihgbya few sheets of ruins, among which, were a number of what had paperof distilledtassium from the best laboratories, and he believesofBaltimore. Mr.Wixansholds of the propertywhen a scampering bv a few shells, and madethe He made Capital.Why, theThen take a survey of Granada before the time ofhad and no more. The Bank not having beenpiinted,it in a bad when he made it at Tientsin, .because he be-Pisa and—Fewplacecame thereby in the eyesbarian, more silly than Elliot,ofl' from Canton by .^acks df dollars, because ne hadhe addsLucca,that he has found it in fivepeopleareawareoftheamountof completeditsarrangements,theAuditorrefusedtore-ofCliinese a foolish bar- who had beenWalker. At thatperiod"enterprise," started some.time ago by Mr. Wina.vs,These are not the of exultation which or- feelingscruelexLsted, would, ;at thisday,toas to cross the Atlantic Ocean in five days' running StatcSmtiiulofthe Sth gives tbe following partieo-but they are the reflections which are forced upon u.sfar asat present know them. We shall be delighted to learn that the full details are more That:by the circumstances of thisvictory,"The affairs of the Boone County Bank culminated on Saturday morning by the flight and arrest of tte operatives connected toA idenuued with that short-have pat an end to, but it would even have been In- lose 400 men tiefore and that we should lend our- termination, hereafter, to have peace. The war-hatchet it,a friend that if they wished to escape the lock-up' they had better make tracks. First one, then the other, took buglescreased*As long as that resistance has no otherbasis thanthat which it haa bltherto possessed, as long as liberal pobiic opinion cannot stand by its side, it will be struck with absolute impotence.selves to the farce of making Uiose grotesque China- must tie buried, and the axe. the plough, the mowingbanks, received an intimation from •when I state that it has greater tion has been made to this programme of the French announcement that " the Allied Plenipotentiaries advantages than any other portion of the world, of thejoumey. Arrived atthecapital lyingbehind thesegar-shapedsteamerarticle ol the Constitutionnel, the Emperor Napolbon containing a mere empty promise. As the business once been splendid churches. Who did tlds work of that it potassiumsand mostpiaceshimself simply opposite tne Warsaw Confer- now stands, Lmd Elgin's tTiission has been as unpro- destruction ? Why, the people of Leonmay be found in allthe whole ot which will beheld in readiness (though of cour.^e not neces- notes, with signatures of the State officara, as aboveence as the renovator of the system of European ductive as that of ilacartneu or Amherst, while it hAs was thisof and destruction depopulationstated, were put into circulation. The questioa aowis, how and through whom were the fraudulent im-pressions obtained ?The statements which have thus &r been made ap-spiritbeen infinitely more costlyXno substantial advantage continued. The bones of tens of thousands of the na-States, called to heal ancient wounds precisely be-cause lie Ts not bound by Legitimist traditions, andthat he cull examine without prejudice the interests ofpeoples and make them prevail. Can we absolutelyrefuAe to admit the justice of those proud words? Canwe deny the French policy, despite a certain egotism dinarily occur upon the announcement of a victory, been covered with living muscle and,sary,) for the lurther prosecution of his mania. His recent contract calls for a steamer 600 feet inre-itainvng/nrmit except tke knowledge we have acqmrei of the upper banks fftke Yang-tse-kiang,of itsM. Maltk Bklx, not the old geographer, butmen march their " —out, leaving munzliorts,'' jin- andmachines, the the coffee and cotton-gin,and bows and arrows— tiehindreaping hullcrs,andthe candidatestheirof allfor admission, and may now be scon on board thethem, ricerobbed of all he possessed byactedoncebeforeatTien-tsin.that ofisof infusoriagreat sacrifice and sent forth splendid armament If this is not to be done, theyper year.nor"atthedusty rainy city. acoaaa-fat ibo before overturning finally the policy of panied only by an escort of cavalry." The corre- have been cruelly defrauded. All their patriotic lib- is paid annnally, even if it is for all time to come, and mncedinea.orKing,the laat reign. The death of bis brother would have spondent then expresses the hope that the news is un- erality has been wasted, and they are committed again the lessee can will it to his tieirs, and they to theirto a ruinons and useless series af these Chinese wars.andamong themereiimlathis partleuler the telegramto the House of Peers are distributed lished themselves at Ochtang. They had stiU a command, wlll make tiietr appearance at Peking several bnndre^d years. There an large bodies ofThe conquest of the (brts is described as a dashing «aA the Prince can wait no longer. The new ap- little campaign of eight days, when the .\lUe6 estab-is a thereof, and fidgets, fears andfor alcohoL It hyposKing potatment.Bi|tt-but the old man still drags on his feeble life ; ;their titles to thasa lands are perfect, as it came direct from tiw King of Spain, aad has been held in this wayare thely visitants of the &ir dames and loving "-'tmssextensive landowners, or eminent jurists and mendiaiils, who will of course oast their votes forgovenuuentalis secured to Prussia. The parallel drawn by the trary to all Chinese precedent, it was found 0iat theirland held in this way by the Indians, npon which no taxes are paid, and over which the Government ofamongarrive at the object of attack.reforms. We may hope tliat a new era The Chinese were learning the art of war, and con- come. expeditions uanecessaiy many yearsmarch of twelve miles before them before they couldaccompanied by a force suiScleat to make suchan impression on the Impeial mind as to render anyand which, once absoti>ed, destroys not onlyChinese fortoAn will A number of experiments have l>een nade with gers. One Of i£Ae haa juit been aittMK-Fart- aSteit, howev«r,Tbe Amerleaa Treaty—FtUlbasters StlU ed—laipartaat Praelaaaatlaa of Fresldeat—Martiaes Valaa af Caatral AaaerleaaLsoifNaXnral Hittary of Ferns, Brititth caui Exotic, by where a white^Mft^capIadablM^ilong as Central America is divided into five weak Re-Field and Baldwiit,— A Chemical Congress, attended by 140 BcENF.T. Private considerations govern liim alto- father's house, found a bottle of corrosive sui>ii-exaggerateWhen we recall to mind all the princely confer- start shortly for Peking, escorted by cavalry." same extent of territory. It has almost every variety him from Zanzibar. Having at length reached—at an any of approximation calls down upon us a showerahjue which would seize upon the first given pretext. Under these circumstances it becomes more andcity, SO^aSi", from 12 to 3 P. M.these iiMt ifaoir Imio- be discovered, as his detailed account of a cipient of public and courtesies. He is the All of gentleown stoutlyest for usis onnecessary Mon «Aa« Peking tkouU know that EngliindIt 65">, at any thne. Then, as regardsTM!!5i,**^''i''* which, under theskirts of the So as the Emperor believes empire. longany of thethe bottom of the Bank is out°^ K—M., seldom exceedsveryitsmay journey cannot— atedprivateVestiges of the Natural Ilistorycence. Messrs. Hdssit aad HASia are to have an ex- amination before Eiqaire SiruivAa this morolng.thethe side of tyrann/ and oppression. England finds the French alliance a better investment, and attemptquestion of Schleswlg-Holsteinfrom Lake N'Yassa to Lake Tanganyika^!author of Creation, a work—iieen with great care and zeal superintending thefor Prussian to detach itself policyand connects theDurban, witli Cape Town. The whole enterprise has been successfully carried through by the col-"»2£f "pessaryIrom all LegitinuBt theories, from all Illusions of thepractical valae,Railway,capitalnotes are betagsroiparenUge of race, natural &c. This alliance,Its to United States. While greatI!Iiamoonts of theLarge sporloospolicy ^i^ perfecUy independent position,of crowds of Chinamen tlie out- slaughtering openfacilities for theof2?^**SS?f^^r""!, ¥'y.Emperor,not. Thecomparison with Nicaragua, so far as regards internalresources, yet it seems every other Central-American*,... uJ?^.,., ....\A bly at their face.^'ance as with other anyportioncountry as theSLIS, '\^k'^*? **,?'£S ^•-.I_ii??".*'^'''P'^'''on It will end in ourwhat treaties hemaysign to remove any immediateare to arise expected''"la^sftf/oui-5S555SS'S?.S^''?""^''' France, while aUthepressure. and thelongfrom this sure andrapidTuesday,Agassizceremonies, to which the pubUc geosraily are in-the amountotb« great States make use of us SSi&S^JiiSt!^,'"'^"' diplomatic mln"u^s,ofThe ^"°t»'>le concession ftr oar ftleadly service, which they pay us for withTills is a fact thoroughly well under- gagements. tostood by the people of this country. It was to go Peking, and to go to Peking in force, and to occupy such portion of the walls of Peking as might demon-there as con-and manyfleetness with the marveloussoon had to —iron horsebut Africa, it—of Prussia Uesthe race.In connection with railroadsYoung College,) has,(apast week, grown vastlyonce that powermaterial llow«r,»nfl, acquired, shenow what Is going to happen ? The news that the Tartar army has marched forth in triumph from the southern forts is already spread far and wide through the streets of Peking. It is, doubtless, now added that the barbarians, confessing their impotence againstthose redoubted citadels, have made their submissionthat, having lieen allowed to enter them as Mends,they have halted their forces, and have sent up their of exist withoutbody, the students calledhim upon the success of his father and the jolly made at , j^ treasury VOMiwUloffer themselves Otfanrtdes, and she need not anx-upon him, congratulated$241,7*7 90the session o'f'1^w'»^-^^After'allappropriaUoasvriUnot b« irtntlllf If «P"> ; «hejvoluntarilyEmrincers' Jmirnal of Calcutta saysstate are fKiJ off, there «of affairs in tlie country generally. Mr. LiN- 64. Thetota of ",^ ^^^^idlouBlyseekfiorfiiaMWfalchprejudicesumption.anniversary Independence,COLK made a very neat in which is speech repiv,hoUiecs^n «W0.117^C4^^^''j^1"^.^rSand biimillationa."FRMfe JmurrtmOmm la Italy.Comtrtninatfttt LmulmNew, TtMt, Wednesday, Oct. 31.state1..^increase thesobsoi^aa sup-,''isaid to be sprung.The very distreseing, thoa(fa to me not surpris-are to beShanghai, .employed againstthe rebels atrangealluvialplainsGangetlc valley with theptaeedaccording to theirwill never allowinevery direction, which Illinoishastt.r interior atHl the coast.partin theSoa:e estimate it\er>- high. into UquidaUon hnmediatclyB^ by the BansS^^.,S«Vt.vro,^of Gov. of the Statein a Uberalassume a more internalgive upand is worthy of notice that the long-expectedGeorgiaXbesrfjaaon poUCT.irhidimaMferilumKmillions ^dandoe AndI'Baow.^, of Georgia, putsh»_Uthertoandto long-deferred event of tapping the Ganges at Raj- townspeople generally. On Wednesday night,TrenMiry$1.1T».II0done, and^strate to its Inhabitants that we werein popularity with his fellow students and theenergetic charac-Even the little RepublicinthetotaU«=,g5J ,, »l,«l,-S4-—naUMisIalone wlU?tM* tod the sources of her moral ^d voted for the Chinese war have been granted.only bring herFrom two small hillstant from Leon, an observer can take within onea tract of tieautlful country, upon which two millions:of the Declar- will lie forever a memorable day in the annals of Indian railway enter- On that day the railway was completed fromother assets of the ^^^1, puune deM,BOt,more senseless obslinacy in the ruck of old precedentsliberality.has an armany breach of faith.this, and the Mandarins know know it, and the people know possible that any treaty with Chinaia mstheirbe he ever so willing, tofulfill his en-other Central- no American States can bearof course, an extraordinary novelty natives,o„H th*. ffood issues reueeiu^^ the bonds sold, and the goodthladvan^fconnected therewith. There querers it was for this purpose that thefor thelong enoughBut untU thefail to be ofThe first African Railroad wason the 2oth June last. It is called ilir KatalSopoDulace Peicingon which occasion Gov. and President Felton will takeProf. notes which emiSTed the is impossible to "guess evenfojljj^ in^Yi ^as thecommunication between A train in motion was,Mandarins, secure froin all personal damage, theyBanks,to reach htr. and to chastisereputed o]try.can be of the least or that we can tie relieved from the disgusthig task, which has so long been forced uponProf.Agassiz, of Harvard College,hasto gentlemen expect passthe ordeal triumphantly,us,buildingsuperioroceans is al- onists, no foreign aid having been received,for "«*circumstances, wiU allow it to act his capital to be out of reach, so long will be care littleit,"gentryanypart of theother world,of theinaugur-Emperorlargelyof the latter, but this he aven he recelvea possession of thesein good faith, on account of a claim. Bothknowssoil, its rivers and magnificent lakes, can their equalgreatinterest to science.circulated in this coun-Over $5,000 of the sporions notas were foundand the " gentry," most as level believe themselves to beadvantages''aults of thegreat men with a retinue of braves, who hereafter tlds;:andthattliese areal'comingonlationof75,000.It wiilnot bebeUevedaand for longwhile theoulj-pub-;worthy of the stock fronti -.vhichWho has not heani of" Old .lov. Swkexv?' eluding'whichhadbeen encesofthisSlimmer,fromBadentoWarsaw,weIfthistelegramcontainsatruth,noChineseofclimate:itshighlandswouldsuittheNortherner there,hestartedinanortherndirection,andsuc-(Scotland,)Government. arrived at Tien-tsin on the jeth. Tney would|,j,g^^f^rprovisions,dispatchedbebokl in the most incontestable matmer that .all the extraneous support which Prussia has sought for can-^not old Yan himself—could act with its lowlands would theBlackford as andatiMiri. fornicrlv of County, ^ers— Mandarin;areremarkablefortheirenterprise,in-Court, J. B. Hdssit, J. B. HAOsa -Camtia,Even inhas nothing to offer us, and only seeks to turn us to to do exartly tke opposite of what is necessary that he locality can be found. For the past two weeks the his wounds. Other details lor the present areguarantee. Russia is par- and caa scarcely help us In the West. Austriaare now l( Lord doing.Southerner.Leon, whose climateiscon-ika, where he was attackeil iti iiis tent by twonot otTer her tneslightestthan these Pleuipoterftiariesbe found in;is the idea of equivalents empirical and indspsn- political proclivities, wc penned a few days sincedence in Waltham, Mass., last Thursdayand theit, it is absolutely im- compa.% ; Its rivers and which areimprovementsfor theof the Caffres at first tried to measure vited.ofmountains and limited9.W 78. The total,'<;?: <;°i'*ntsW^e^TM ^^^ amount d'-^burse-mem^,Sunday, Oct 28, 1860.and the great pi^i^rity of the book shows hewnumerous must ba the class of fteridologUts (asa#%<t plains ^g||ggdU|^B^iaedlreetlon IhHathe2^^!!?General has recently loet his wits, whoand cajoled, they are really rendering the suc- rise out of it In beantlfully-sbaped ooaes, extend 7,000 and moimtains, fields and marshes. He is now at than ordinarily a companion, adviser and couaaalwhile tliese two PlenipoteDtiaites ai« thus amused volcanoes, which cess of their ovm mission Impossible. The feet above tkt Itvel oftk* sea.of thecome in arms, and wliosa Amhawailiiis he hasby the AUiea—The Ambasaadora Going to exhibited to his people as beating tribute and submis- The greater portion of thi» extent of country has, of cities he the presence of a multitude of features of the San Juan a&ir, and conduce Isands of lives.IMPORTANT FROn CHINA.localities,ardor, sending upvalleysfreighted______Emperorundertook, by Fartlcnian af tke Captare af the Taka Farta to a people whom be pretends to 'liave over- most beautiful views in the world."sion. Perhaps there may be atrestr at Peking, as there wAs a treaty at Tten-tsin, but it will be a mereAs an evideaoe afother consideration to the praserra- Taku forts. Their special correspondent says " I am was to show the power of England at Pekmg and to (which comprises a suburb of Leon,) atract of beautl- the open sea or on mountains, the number of at- that the city is infested with highwaymen aial Mrccnaedbf Ibe measoie inBonae of Peen waa their last defence. It had set its faco leaoiaiely against all reforms, bloclced the wheelsPeklag.Tlie Overland Mail arrived in London on Sunday,no doubt, been once oader cnltivalion, bat now, not<*iil>iniianl'at the moat critical moment, in short,The Timet gives foil details of the culture of the p^ier promise,— a Enbterfoge, and not a peace. It recently leased from tbe municipality of Sobtlaba, in the air drawn from a t^rtain height, either on ful place to live in. Private lettera from Uiere s^qnestion.The Prussianone acre mtbe value of the soil here, I will state, that a (headof marshes he ficiallyatmoephere finds numerous microscopic vegetableto the state of his atpraaentinfinn 1such aslar expenditure of millionspapertreaty,motes but ;Sacramento, Califoniia, must be a deUght-Nov. 4, wiffi H<mg Kong dates of Sept 12.of the hereditary nobility, and unable to confirm the important statement that it is secure a solid peace, and not ta repeat the&rce en- nl land within ttiree miles of Leon, all of wUoh isthatwebonght before'atasimi-five hundred is tilled.organicdebrU in the ;—;onee more it will be atbe people Etnhga-t cleared and raady to be enltivated, formospheric corpusclesveryatten^ta^rt thifvfaig eitf- Aspurpose,viz., Jan. 1, 1660.come within the time prescribed by tbe United States Senate, but I presume that body will confirm any fa- vorable action of Nicaragua upon the Trtety.CorretpoHitenee of tkt Lantlon Tima. Tartars was at last overcome. The surrender of Nicaragua to complete a corresponding treaty with United States, North. I could write columns about Kbbn£T advertised that on the day of ills de- thrown at her by enthusiastic admirers, who at- VuHSA, Tnesday, Oct. 30. other forts followed, not without some chicanery on the United States. The treaty made with Great Nicaragua, and all truth, but as I have already ax- he would lead the animal the tended her i>enefit—much to kite delight of Hk.The Vienna Telegraphic Ooneapondence Bureau the part of the Viceroy. The loss was severe—22 Britain was returned here, ratified by that Govern- tended this letter beyond tbe usual limits of a corres- parture throughunder the walls,the fire was still hot and many were struck leading men in Nicaragua in favor the treatyare ofrude missiles. Here much of the loss to in fact, they say, as similar treaties have been madeAs tobeen exhibiting to the folkofNew-Orleans. Theyhavingbeenex-were unable to come to an tmderstandlng on severalmatters of importance. Prince GoaiscHAXorr en-deavored to prove to Prince HooissoiLsur and CountRaoaaaas that it wouki be advantageous to all parties ment. The expenditure of between ten and twelve the other Central American States, will ever be ob- If the Treaty of Harclt, 18S6, were subjected to a re- millions of money has brought the reoccupatlon ofthePrussianand thoseTakuAu&trian statesmen of the correctness of his views. by the success of the treacherous attack upon Admiral vocates " Union " as a means of future Invision;out he failed to convince-whichhavebecomesocelebratedHead-Russiaii=Forts,vided,and,therefore,weak,as atpresent—Schiffer.It is headedenefgatic CaiteAexceedingly destrous to regain tier former security. poaitttmon the Danube, and to do away with the neu- Bora's Squadron in 18S9. We are now, therefore, in imlon, he beDeves " there is strength," (mt such a trality^ tlie Black Sea, but no Austrian statesman the same position as we were in when Admiral Sxt- union, It is thought by those acquainted arith Central will voltmtariiy allow her again to establish herself at Houx, in 1856, battered down these defences and went American character, is an impossibility. There are the mouth of a river which is of such avital importanceto Austria, Itmast be snppceed that tlie PrussianUiniater was even less doolie than Coiint RiciuEaa, asist astronomer, like the hero whose mouth could was made to lull liim and mob his keeper—an un- one hundred ddlars, and already anuraats ta aup to Tlen-tsiu, with, however, these two points olwho have the— differencetoomany aspirantspowerspiritofthat the Chinese have avictoryto chucklespeculating^plespeanntsatth^taea-out finding some new asteroid, and adding to thatfxinoe GoaT8CfuxoF.r appeared to be less satisfied with over, and that we have a vast expenditure to deplore. such a desirable end. So br as the great mass of the remarkable group of bodies of singularly insignifi- heard of thehave but little to dobe Trrtfinftrrmr^ on tlie subject has given me to un- scribed very accurately the landing of a large portion comprising a population of 300,000 persons, there areOur<ler8|aBd that they did little more ttian ezcliange ideas of our force at Feh-tang, at the mouth of a little river and ofiiiions concerning the state of afiialts in Europe. about twelve miles to the north of the Pei-ho. The It is related tliat Prince GoBTBCHAXorF and Count intention then was to march southward from this AioBBsaa iiad an altercation at ttieir very first inter-placewould necessarily find themselves opposite to the the of tbe on the«Cjti!luBbeen in tills wise;correspondent's last letter de-city after nigfatUl, and were rolibed of aboat $M. -•The Wadsworth Atheneom (Har^rd) The man waa terribly liesten.until the troops struck the Pei-ho, when theyident to accomplish such a result I do not think how- endeavored to drag myself out of bed so as to verifyhow, whythereof has recently been read before the Histori-and it is not at all unlikely that such was thecase, as they are both irascible. The Poles displayed rear of the Taku forts, which are upon the nortliem ever, that he will find tbe same spirit of unselfishness discovery planetcount of their and but origin, history associations,view,sueh a disloyal spirit while the Emperor AuzahoebwuAustria than he was with the Prince Regent of Prus-eveningof the I9tb.also for their intrinsic merit, is an originalbyTHOHAS LaWBJSSCI of BSNJAXIK WxST. A CniTS.theytherefore, that the plan resolved upon had been car-Fsu.ow-coii»TBTiiia The fiiiibustering expedition and that we are now in the that disembarked on the shores of Honduras surren-such cooperation, the attack was made from thenortli. That there should tiave been a haxd fight of threedered its arms in the Mountains of Truxillo, The average of one for-everyIt is noteworthy that the—Capt. Salmon Dukll, now in liisarethe afialrs of State. Of the whole State of Nicaragua,;recentlycellent Tk*FailareoftheWarsawCaaferencea. theAllieswasexperienced.Theresistanceofthese withFranceandGreatBritain,itisobligatoryonhighlandswlllbearcomparisonwithanyofthe ceedingliberalintheirpatronageofhisshow,snuff-box,andseveralvaluablebracelets,wate_byashealthyas oftheUnitedStates, anyandthegoodpersonationof|riaga,a—hein. The residents of Sabttaba are Indiaiu, and curious discovery ^he has found tha antidote, oreightone hundred dollars will;tined toon the northern bank, when the batteries notto call that body together before the tegular time up as comfortable quarters as five times that would in Vafori, which has long been eagerly looked for HowiTT havmg, in an tmostentations manner, aa-2 dangerously, 13 seri- ment, by the last steamer. pondent, I will close, promising that if the subject is streets, en route for the dep6t. Vast crowds lined Hathx, who profits by the same.has iirformed the pnbUc that no stlpalatlons were put officers were woundedto paper, and no agreement entered into at Warsaw, ously, and 7 slightly. The Forty-fourth Regi- Notwithstanding that WALxaa has met " his des- acceptable, I will refer to it on another occasion. but tlie assurance has to-day t>een given me that the ment had 10 men killed, SO woimded, tiny," the fear of fillibusterism still exists among tliestatement is not quite coirect. A programme of some four mortally and thirty-eight dangerously. The Six- people of this country. They think the seed lias beenSCIKMTIFIC BVI.I.XTIN.Aaether Asterald—The Caacress af Cheaslats—made their appearance, to the great delight of the Clat as a man, it is said that as a baby lie wasunwashed, who cheered and huzzahed • most wonderfully short, and tiiat he was the liomeliart lustily. The hippopotamus, unaccustomed to so child ever bom in Virginia. The cradle in wUck public a demonstration, eyed firat one side, then he was rocked is now on exhibition at tlie Mechaa-;had six killed and forty danger-sown, and that WAi.ua being out of the way, vrlll aigaed, because the Sovereigns and their ministers ously wounded. Total British killed and wounded, 161. only give way to some other such adventurer. ThisFrom tke London TimeSt Nov, 2." Is evidenced by a proclamation just issued by Presi-—ladiae ia the Atasaspbera—Aaotbor Mar- the other, and suddenl}* standing on his iiind legs, ics' Fair, in Bichmond, Va.—A subscription has been started in IrelaadWe are as we were" with the Chinese Govern- dent Maktinxs. He considers Nicaragua, as well as" " Ooachimckon,"ooachunckon I"jectslongtheygallant captainof fillibustei ing attacks, asasare di-for thebyStates Consul at Galway, Mr. L H. PsRsa, forforrevolution embodied in their nature, to bring aboutnot "But out there flew a trope."can scarce lock throughthe telescopic tube with-dertaking which would undoubtedly have been successfol had not the keeper protested on his honor that the animal always lUd so when he wasconmderable snm.—A negro man and woman who had. beea 'andthree white men as were hmne ta tka they riduigOpeSouth,in the city and the country, onUessiiu, pursuing his ezplotations with unabate^ or, without whose cheering presence he aee^with air from Tarioos heights. In tha atmosphare to Europe will aid in his forgetting the onplaiMMneither feeula norsporeswaylay' RalphTHOMAS MARTINEZ. The last question was answered with much em- cipient of much kindness from our late royal guest, a native of Pomfret, Conn., and had aontributed toGaiNADA, Oct. 5, 1860.If the people of Nicaragua would liecome unitedbut H. Dumas, the Parisian chemist and President ofyethas voted at every Presidential election, and tlie Boston Jmirnal.tInvasion of filllbusters that has caused theforced, and the eviuent sign of Ausina's intentions to be taken away. Now, it seems all this Is changed. ent weak and impoverished state of affairs in Nicara- wished, however, to see at once added to tbe sys- Ealph Faenham is perhaps as great a liumbugnot theHas the nommatlon of Gen. Bzsisek to the chief A fort in China is like a fort at Sebastopal, and a gua. It has been occasioned by their own internal tem of B£SZ£i.iL'ii the modifications which were as was the battle of Bunker Hill.gunsChinese enemy exacts all the forms of Europeanchanged hands on the result.warfare. The fort is to be won only by a loss ofKusAian Ambassador from Turin, that those plans 400 men, 'and by the presence of a great army see how muchGaribaliii seems fond of prominentAmeri- NEARLY HALF A MILLION BOQDS BILLS IN CISOIT-that were not too:large"said that$10,000fleet, and the enemy stipulates ating its population, destroying Its best property, called the attention of the Congress was the ne-LATIOS.would not find an echo at St. Petersburg. It is also and aallowable to believe that the Prussian Government for the honors, of war, and retires with and driving from the cultivation of the soil the best cessity of looking at the requirements of instruc- staff are natives of the United States, and a greatgreatcolors flying and gongs and tomtoms tormeuting theat Wild Cat inIndianaarereceived. From$200,000to$900,000of fraudulent notes, minted upon the genuine plates of the Boone County Bank, but with the forged or traud- nlently obtamed signatares of the Auditor aad Regis- from trar of State, it is said, have been issued. Itamaars who, in compliance with an autograph letter that about nine months ago $50,000 of notes of theendcavorea to persuade Austria to remain on the de-fensive in Italy. It is difhcult to believe that Austriawill tiave the courage to recommence the dangerousgame of last year, although, with a sort of dci^pair,she always has recourse to extreme resolutions, wnich, als who make more of a difliculty in the matter. As in the city, now one mass of ruins. Even the at tliat pt^nod, endec in such a .sad experience. to our diplomatists, we have never had To thank them were turned intointhisrespectunityin andtheory seemed to be most desirable. The President con-is as we continue these plain that,laborers,instance, looksquares of wliat was once the most splendid residencesatinospher*-'. itwar.-?, we are either making them more ditficuit, or else we aie breeding a race of Admirals and Gener-at " Leon I" Here will be seen wholecluded by expressing the hope that the meeting would not be the last, and that next year the Euro- pean chemists would again meet to^discuss somaVv e have always denied any vital ."trength Xn the for much j^ood service in these (luarters. Lord Eloin churchescitadels,and to thisday of the points of a science cultivated at present wHh Garibaldi, have accepted appointments in the Boone County Bank were sent, with the plates fromso much ardor and success.but he made it and show the scars of millions of balls aimeti by the foes prematurelyto fill the ranks of its elements. For warring-.tion languagenumber of American surgeons have recently joined the " Band of Freemen." The latest known ac- cession is that of the " Balloon Brothers Brooks,"mactiinulions of the coalition w tiich were set on footarmy,.Naj'olkon. The sovereign of France, even derives emnient of Peking that he had the power either to a rival city and faction one himdred miles distant.. atmosphere. He has found it in the rain-water of be looking out for the Neapolitan forces, York Bank Note Company, to the effect that »S«,000in various (jUarters durmg the Summergivemafte ;i good treaty,the benefit of their aerialwhich they were printed, to the State Auditor at ta-•' Granadians,'' the of peopleFurthercould have been seen at bought least one-third of the city in a mass of mouldering plesceive the notes or plates, and both remained in at tha Express Office in Indianopolis about eight moatbs, when the Bank having complied with the law, the Auiiitor took charge of them, countersigned the notes, and delivered the $SO,000 to the officers of the Bank. Simultaneously with the genuine Issues, the franduleatyears,tives of Nicaragua now enrich its soil, which, if thesewarsthad notriching the Republic with the results of their solid la- bor, arising from the very earth which now covers them.The best Vnion Nicaragua can have is a united de-and finished sogalls, stink-pot^,IS vexatious enough. But we would accept all this,and aloud for the even for the sake of Pre."8, must be adopted in its place. I have traveled the chief of the caravan, who was bound to protectcry victory^That impotence is clearly visible in the Conference the soloiers and sailors, who, we may he sure, have over nearly the whole of Nicaragua, and I am certain him. He nevertheless peisisted in continuing hisAtalate future undoubted rank. Bbaiut. were arrested upon the charge of IssnlactbeFree Schools and a freeguideshours ofmorning, and from thence left for parts unknown—per-steam-engine,for Greenfield during the .«niallSaturdaybe considered a paradise byceeded inthe borders of I.,ake Tangany-andMr. KmOAS, the clerk of the iasUta- and the one who has most to do with tioD likewise found accommodations at tiMpabUe ex-is Peking tpithout his army, lie is going sidered tropical, 1 do not believe a more pleasant natives, armed with poisoned arrows, and died ofalyzedaccount in a manner most hiUefVil to our people. should do ut order to oUim a permanent peace with thermometer has ranged, in thisEngland, on the only question which has a real inter- China. To obtain peace with China nothing more b at fl to 9 A. to,Elgingoingtore-over in the snm of detkolt $i,(nO—insame navigable for large-sized steamers, will carry tlie traveler fromlakes,the Atlantic to witli'tn tw elve miles of the Pacific.those oftwober and stone necessary for the coiutruction of suchaau onee more eiyoy the sweets of liberty. ,of railroads are State of the a;cannot succeedlating the iodine, but he feels none the Isss'certainfrom 72">'8"4°,wanting. It is greatly to be desired tliat his papersbetween theprairies of Illmois, it has the tim- ver) importantbiU-hoidera,Ueve one o/the operators sent "Po"State is far in advance of it.of Costa Rica, with one-half of the population, with a^•'-''"Pi^ilTl^^i ^eiptsrugged the worst possibleNicaragua hardly produces sufficient for home con-ifraudulentnotes this bank,nowm uponcountryforeign coimtrles nearly »1,000,000 per year, while mehal has at length been accomplished. Thepeople mightyet,wltbm prises.Calcutta to Riumehalthe rich, fertile and expansive—He was the firstroads forthere does notaof the in (he dliect commualcationThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069were great seaportin of KMt-valleys, transportatisn, exportsin aas a balance r-"-leaving WiU be ^^ appropristioBSalone, a league•• Fourth of the The July,difficultyexist, perhaps, popu-Untitled Documentphasisin tbe affirmative;—$2,000 for his master in a race with a white man.ganic chemistry.Oneimportant pointto which hehaving member.s of his— Florence,ami willknowledge to the reconnoitering parties who may engraver, W. L. Obmsbt, Superintendent of the New-and thus, for rain-waters. Mr. Chatikin iso- value Ol f 12,000,000,instead of en-presentNoutelteshavedis-view ation of Americanpresence.reachingdustry publishers,the world-knownBobekt,youngest of theIn the eveningpense. The several parties waiviiig aawaviMtioo,and of water, three specimens po-editor of theA/inalei tics it from the mouth of Dr. Baetb that another namethehas to be added to thediscovery in Central Africa thatwho had reached Lake NTassa, for the first lime from the shores ol Eastern Africa. During his long and painful journey he fell sick, was—We areof gladof the colony,;theyLiNcoLK within thestudent atHarvardtocircolatiOB.—The Chambers Bbothebs, of Edinburgh, and ia the afternoon, while these parties were ia andpitnesmineral paste, which he iaeloses within an <dive,'tka effects, but also the conseqneaees of droakenness.—^To Ben Pkslt Pooek we are indebted forthe hiJtiatiaD of a aerie* of aenselen pditiciSidj^has nobe made at tbe next meeting of the Nleanguaa Coa- very remarkable results. land, Me., by a yfMing UXipm taaeA PnoHa, wkaNicaraguaoontioL,amount,} and he can produce crops that will al-through English society.cows can be at readily purchaseddollars each^The HowiTTs, male and female, seem dea-ordinaryThe hiatusO. J.capllal which has been issued in London. It is not^i PieneLaws,eighth.andconcludingvolume of 1>ack through CK(e8tiAit4itiiBet,'firniithejust Adams & (Co. to tli» atops of laHAScc^ of Memoire* de CAcadimit des Sdemcti, the member of the Senate. Ha first served a term tevolumehas at length lieen filled up by the publication ofU. Rboxaclt'8 memoirt on tiie Elattic Force forth by the scieatifie world.himbetween Hars and:not, perhaps, 20,000 whoses Interests or wishes areconsulted in the management of ailiUrs. Mastisisvery patriotically offers to give up his position as Pres- bearer. Sick ever since that evening, I nevertheless other works which ate of value, not only on ac- statement of the the and the whaiefot*exist with "em forts have been taken, and that the others have or "GcAuuou, the President of Honduras." The bySocietybank of that river. We are now told that the North- toCabrxka,thePresidentofGautemela,"Government of N Icaragua, deeply interested in the independenceofCentralAiiierica,wascalleduoontowhich is not so bad." Jo " Baldwin, of theMth is fuiHiy year who cast his first vote for WASUurorov aasettlement of the affairs of Italy, it wiU be found Uiat hours is not astonishing, even with the overwhelming defend it, and I have the satisfaction of saying that greater number of these asteroids have been dis- Court of California, is a funny chap. Heforce, and the terrible warlike engines with which the covered Austria and Prussia consider the conditions of the commanders of the European forces were supplied. you answered the can.—of other ama- comera of Ids mouth. He is the author of several field, Ct., Tuesday,Tieaty concluded at VillaiTanca binding. The Em-Presidency,be to have desired to reasonably supposedbyNicaraguans, we may congratulate ourselves upon himself being a historical painter of the first or-candidate for the onvoted in for Mr. LiNCOUi.Litch-the frustration of this new Invasion by the persevering enemies of our nationality, for you can return to your;we ought always to be pre- well remain a himdred or two others still undis- his on the work, the iasa-. sawhastieenwithoutresult,aswasexpected.Aus-furtherresistancemustlie.ButthattheAlliesshouldpared,asfillibusterismisanideathatstillli'ves,covered.Attherequestofthediscoverer,M.hecontemplatesresigning position portantmetereological concerningperor;encouragementLieut. Maubt has for several years baeaFrom tlu Berlin National ZeiiUJig.Every indication proves thit the Interview at War-;have lest so many men in killed and wounded in this business, does certainly excite our astonishment, and we shall wait with anxiety the arrival of our corre-Bench, which, since the elevation thereto of JudgeAand respected than during the days of Tkebt and Danbury, Ct., while playing in the pantry of hertria has done her best to turn it to account. The newConstitution of the Empire was granted at the lastmomfnt, in the hope, doubtless, that it would be spondent's account of the affair, which we hope may publics our dangers will not cease. This conviction de- roids, has named the new sister Danae.though WiLLiAK Walesb lias been slain.ing of which he is shortly to visit England.—I will here what I have often said before. As repeatLuther, a lineal descendant, it is said, of the great heresiarch, and himself the finder of sight aste-has t>ecome morelittle daughterofEdwakdAmblxk,oftarybulletin is as followsHis latestderand for theofbitsJupiter.*' On the evening of the ,9th September, I discovereda small planet in the constellation of the Water- engravingsto be found in this country. Amongstfirst introdncedtela Vermont by William Jaxvib, and an iiiHiinillBg,It is of the eleventh magnitude-"portraitcalin that Stateby his son-in-law, Ut.—will not fall to say, in triumph. It would appear, Thomas Martinez, General of Division, and President Seeing that tbe first of these small planets was tional Gallery at London, and is valued at $10,000. sion from Richmond a week ago, and reachedsurrendered, the Chinese soldiers, for the first time In following is the proclamation of President MAaTuna the history of our wars with them, inarching out, ascopy Kingof this work was made by Lawbxhci forMr. Wells, an areonant, made an aacea Hampton, distant 90 miles, in two houn nd a:of tke Public of Nicaragua, to its Inhabitants. discovered on the first of the dayWilliampresent century, We believe that there are but two other originalfrightened,and thatlongbeforeLtscout lyasFER80NAI< FARAGKAPH8.Fersonal Paragraphs.EzNNiT, the showman, has a hippopota-and com.Hatvx iscareful acting in, and aa-the way. Presently the shower- and the showeeIn spite of the great stature of Hnmrtyr la Geacrayby—Bailraada ia Asia aad grunted out,Africa—FbyatalcKy af tbe Air—Aatidata in a sound and distinct manner. At first the farDmakeaaeaa—OaaeeraiagFeraa. lacelaughed,butitbeingsuggestedbysomeonepopo-"HiBS GoLDgomnDT, the distinguished art- that he meant Hurrah for Likcolh," an attemptand crew of the Jfianifthehas one of the'finest collections of paintings and— were Merino,sheepthis an Lawrences in this givesand the estimated valueHe peakeBay.narrowly escapedaover Chesa-year 18€0,year of the century—country, ofthisoneis $15,000.quarter.tripamateur GoldsoBjiidtastronomers, all over. Fun lurks in his eye fun hides in the his—but we must not rest quiet in be mentioned that it is surmised there m for aa im-teurs who wish to maymayhumorous works, and in allrespectsh com- goadtheIV.,Consliliiticn with his gilt buttons andanchors,Lake NTassa, he waited bright and hopeful, and big with the thought of liis faourMr. J. McLkam, the Cashier, and Mr. Mttis A-thehas beencently at Zanesville, (0.,) where he was the re-Mitcellany,visitingeach was boundof which they were removed to flie Coontt hotel.erection of a fine museam buildingbridge. The Huaeum will be dedicated in form onTM. co;untry tMfor the use and the students of comparative zoology at Cam-respectablemurder, zens of thatthe and the fhshion rage'inof all climes lad in- gfaond near Uemphis, (Tenn.,) were mailad.tfwhich now in the Na- hangsgo planet-chasing,may very panion, citizen and friend. We regret to learn that busily engaged preparing publicationitAWhereupon the Charleston Mercury waieth The affair created much excitement, and it wasDetails of the last attemptBankinghaps their country for theh country's good.to our bankere from various parts of theexamination and Unfortunateli redemption.freemen.Romeo. DiamondBH of ini, gnianteed to the people, shonld be ing, InlelUgeaee anlns by two dlsUaet_gl)c yqg-^gotfc gtmea, itttiqi^ IXmmhn 16, ti>o.bring trSmte to the ___ This, or Vailed States when I state that era India, aad the oommeneemeat of a aew aad most lic banjotat in the United States. He tr.«j-j ^egeoMhooprablesays aauu•iirlrtni will not moom*t teriorv «deepottaa laOtnumr wiUoeaMto be. hmbUac of the;«lomba,»vbaidaTlng jimabOQtfonrmlMTaUeKnuzxtUimt oontlnQe* tta pl)Uippics on the new aominatlona tothe Boooe of Peera.and went soIn aaother, ftom the rmgeberdeiAngtheTDloaaeM of ElVirg^/i^some 'struggle, and to cause the useless sacrifice of thou- terrors of that onseea army lying so braway. But. In at a single view, and some of the^^^^con- trive to keepiv hU.MpatatkBas the gnat iHend ofm.^Ambiindor, with men. ThM Lord Bloui eelved «an all courtesy atgad,ulations ithhighreiiane orhona- Gaoa wUt be (V^pnttteow ganeiation,month, ftom a sudden apopletic attack.Id^caXaaagna, to m-?.^- Conicqiitnai.ttardMat«nfM OalfofKiMMhoi^ Foircair,||re%^imriiWMUdbeiKmai •noofcivHaloqloftBi -aditlaaeeatfottriMtaa*^orItfuUestpocketdied at the residence of hUage of father,m—fullofrocks. Atthehat cour- ageously undiJi^kMLB IBng scientific excursionwasnumsword-canesan www.fultonhistory.com 