 r*>H.t&SrfoJ." A few months ago, how couW I^, ? ,v.<*Sk itjgi tbc wwy*w»i *.#*v~ i * j * * . - ,1:sx>t; while as to advising his mother on business, he should only make mischief by so doing. -Untitled Document&Ud C**tfi0ivi9 k&ew Stttt &44 ,*** WUThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069times riving at higher game, even beguiling the I>e&h himself into turning over be? m.asic when•'.m.Hosora t&tY'fcao falt«cd. on j *'fcali always, did as.itshouldbetterknowhowtotellsuchtidingstoany old woman in my district than to my I mother •"Their consultations were broken by Miss Fen nimore coming to insist on Phcebe-'s sleeping, inpreparation for the trying morrow. Robert was thankful for her needfulness, and owned himself tired, dismissing his sister with a blessing that had in it a tone of protection.it is her home 1 It is her own!" edhervoicetoreadaloudtillhermotherdozed rathercrossly;"butyouknowverywellthatevenwithalltheauthorities'inthebookshelves to back her. • *"Yoa are not regretting vour work. O no!""Not the work, but tee* manner! Oh! that the gift of the self-willed eon be not Corban!"Robert1indeedyouhadhisapproval1Ton iatlrelyherown. Toosoonit.would J» over. told me so. He wasseeingthings differently. Xeagtfenouttheeveningastheywould,mora- Itwassonewtohimthatbisbusinesscouldbeand1ammoresureofmyselfthanIwas. She nothingchferful tolook at. She wouldbePhoebe of the persecution that Robert was un-dergoingfromavestrynotoriouslyunderthein-fluence of the Fulmort firm, whose interest it ly ahead cf her pupil; but her growing indo-wastopromotethevicethathecametowith-stand. Even the lads employed in the distUIervknewthattheygratifiedtheiremployerbyout-rages en the "clergy and their adhe/ents, and and research; skewouW give careless and vex-there had been moment*when Robert had been atious answers, iaslst petuaatly on cerrec-" - "TneTr^^flashed opW Miss Fenaanos?, exposed to absolute personal danger, by mobs tfo? by the ear, make light of Sarah andstimulatedintheginshop3;theirviefence againt her grammar, and hastily reject or hurry 4Will hegirome hit ova goodness?", saidj his attacks on their vicious fTSJtices being veii- from the maps, dictionaries and cyclopaedias Mrs. Fnlmort, wfetfuHy. t*I never did know>*J}uf£riALVMert arrived to watch them »ff,thought hurtful, that he was displeased at first, or, -rather, Mervyu^made hum seem more dis- pleased than he was."44 Dear rsother, that i s the blessed trust," as she watchedtfctr faces.ishecould,thatshe»\mti conform,andmyworkshouldnotbeim- peded.Grimlyhecontinuedtoanticipatehurricanes for his wedded life, and to demonstrate that he was6wayedbyjusticeandnotbypassion;but it was suspicious that he recurred constantly to the topic, and seemed able to dwell on no ether.The gentlemen of the family alone attended the funeral, the two elder sisters remaining in town, whither their husbands were to %rett»rn at night. Mrs. Fulmett remained in the samemuchbetteroffatBrighton,orsomeofthose places where she could see people from t h e w h > aows,andhaveplentvoftwaddlingolddowager society.""IdidaskMr.Gayaboutthesea,buthe thought the fatigue of the journey, and the vex- ing ner by persuading her to take it would do more harm than the change would do good."lencesooncausedhertoslipback,andnotonly did she let Sa?ab shoot ahead ;f her, but «he be- cameimpatientofthejrirtahabitsofaccuracy'Ton only make me the more repeDt I Had I • ^ ^ S e l f h r ^ * ^ child. OwentookMtA been what I ought at home, my principles"I did not mean only as a change. I beliereshe would be much happier living there, withthis great place off her hands. It is enough te ed by a furious tv outry against his religiousg ^ ^ ^ y h - t n t h e a t a d y . Robert would have been verv differently received!"M*ts*i\LitoSem-z _ . . - , -- - "J. don't know,""said Phoeoe; "there was dreary state of heaviness, but with some languid depress auv ene*» spirits to lire i s s coraex Uke a rat.v~. si.with which Sarah's training Bad taughtfc»y•£««•«* SSd!9"" T*u»K>»dislike"ff '""': nnrr •!! » i.. I 111. I IHi. !_'"*""^'i w2l do what l can. i think in case 1 h a l little opportunity. W e have have been so little t o writ* ahoat the child, you had better leave with them."heed to the details, and interest in hearing from Maria aed Bertha, from behind the blinds, what carriages were at the door, and who got intoshrivelled kernel in a nut." "Goaway!" exclaimed Ph#be.andstrong,resolute,andbrave,wenthisown bleinsupportinganopiniondidnofmakeherway, so unmoved as apparently almost to prefer less pertinacious in upholding it, and thtre wereins'own antagonistic attitude, and bidding fair times when she was wrathful and petulant at Sa-towearyouthisenemiesbyhiscoolness,orto rah'spresumptioninmaintainingthecontrary, Robertwillbeherotomorrow. Howintellyoajfi yearaddress." " Oh! Phoebe, it is a miserable thing to haveLocillawroteitonacard. Thetonequashed alwavslivedatsuchadistancefromthem,_thatI them. Phcebe,withstrongeffort,thencontroll- "Well,Ineversaidotherwise,"heanswered,•Ttfotrusttoyoa,"thesaid.«9tr.Curr8ehaspromisedtolet mehear©f Owen," said Robert; but no more passed. Owencamebackbc-Jy and flushed, wanting to be gone and have it over. The cabs were called, and he •was piling them with luggage; Robert was glad t o be actively helpful. All were in the hall; Ow- «tt turned back for one more solitary gaze round Che familiar room; Robert shook Lucilla's hand.4iOh,bidmegoodspeed."brokefromhex, ,*5or I cannot bear it."as usual, and she could sit and think until Ro- bertknocked,tosummonhertothereadingof the will. '.'You must come," he said; "I know it jars, but it is Mervyn's wish, and he isright,"OnthestairsMervynmether,took her fromRobert, and led her into the drawing-room,whereshewaskindlygreetedbythebrothers-in- inpossessionatonce, so'as to take mv place law, and seated beside her eldest brother. in the countv as I ought, and cut the CityAsaduty,shegaveherattention]andwasre- business. Theplaceisameremisfortuneand in her eyes. Nothing had altered, but a fresh warded byfindingthat had he been living, her encumbrance toher as she is, and she would bebetter.*'"He will give me the Holr Sacrsmentj" said;•^rent to the cathedral. Sad at heart, and glad<0 distract her mind by what was now yet inno- "cent, she took up the duties of her vocation zeal- 'onsly,andquicklyfoundthatallherzealwasThen came anxious imaginings for the future, her own; and, bowing to Phoebe, he requested such as would not be stilled by the knowledge her to consider him as her guardian. The Ad- tjhiiati ajulli-wHouuldiuseetitilieoiitrs<elufuovceriiHcerrxhiceaud.. Tmhaerye i miral, highlv pleased, offered her hii congratu-minnow, and another partly clothed with silver twist, a fly-book, and a quantity of feathers and silks.An opening was afforded when, in October, Mrs. Preudergast was entreated by the widow of one of htr brothers to find her a governess for two"taught; andsheherselfhadbeenalways soun- ' -^Tilling a learner, so willing a forgetter that she . acceded all the advantages of her grown-up mind • and rapidity of perception t o keep her sufficient- , ay- beforehand with Sarah, whenever subjects •wentdeeporfar. Ifshepronouncedlikeana-ilybondwasloosed,and confusion and jarring might ensue; but, as her mind recoiled from thePrendergast."O, m>mma, it is Miss Sandbrook's.She isoccupation, but neat and orderly as the lines in'The sister at home is mistress of tho house,5 '•"Notnow,norever,"said Robert. "Even if totheelderbrother,asfashionand levity'to.'*"' Prendorgastinpresence,andbeganimmediately, dergast. Iknowshe has lostthe self-control hesternlyanswered. 4lTakoyourproperplscVg'theclaspedvolumowherePhoebe was dutifully Sopassedthefollowingdays,her statenearly'o S c e s . ert!iAs door , vestFuvcbe'aheartthrobbed,i twaaRob-j photography."44Myhusbandwill give Francis employmentHowchangedwasPhoebe'speacefulchamber"Tr#ywon'tthinkwhatapoordull thing am there," added b«r mother. 4'I wi&b I could£ "God be with you. God bless you," he said. act in her life had begun—the first sorrow had hero, Mr. Charlecote, would have been her ten times happier at a watering place."without being sure so often ?"4'I am sure—there, mamma, I beg your par-.thesympathy of Dr.Prendergast's kind voice, a s though it would have been a relief to her tu- snultoous miserv to have bitten him. like Uncle Kitlongago. Sheclenchedherhandtight,when ^with old-world courtesv he made her take his *rta,andwithtrueconsideration,conductedher «?ownthe hill, through the quieter streets to the calm, shady precincts of the old cathedral.comfortable.Little danger was there of her sleeping toobrow.Beauchamp of course remained with the heir- ess, Mrs. Fulmort, to whom all thereto apper-mean to marry. Now, can't you see that I may want the house to myself?"and the habit of respect and affection had soften- ed her and lessened htr pride; there was more devotional temper, and a greater desire after a religiouswayoflife. Itmightbethatherfret- fulness was the effect of an uneasiness of mind, whichwasmorehopefulthanherpreviousfierce self-satisfaction, and that her aberrations were the last efforts of old evil habits t o reestablishPhcebe tried to make her think of Robert, bn%» be was exhausted, dozed, and waa never able t o 1 peak so much again. (HissFennimorethoughtinsteadcfreadiK2g Wasitthemereeffect on her sympathies V»» boreinonhermindthatTruthexisted^sEdw»4.£ graspedbythemotberanddaughter? Whatwas*, there in those faltering accents tr»at impressed^Phoebehadless to reproach herself with than Mrs.PrendergaatandSarahwerewaitingin anyoneofMr.Fulmort'achildren,6avethepoor the hall, each with a kiss of welcome, and the innocent, Maria; but many a short-coming.manylifeformer took the pale girl at once upstairs, to a a moment of impatience or discontent) sj,iny a room full of subdued sunshine, looking out on a silent impulse of blame, were grieved x>Ter, and :greenlawnelopingdowntotheriver. Atthat evervkindnessshehadreceivedshotthrough eight and senna. Lucy's face lightened. "Ah! I her heart with mournful gladness and warmth,provided for,"was only to receive some pictures Acton at me."and plate that had belonged to his great-uncle. Phcebe was alarmed. She had little hope thatfallenonher. guardian. Thewilldatedfifteenyearaback, 4'Mervyn,whatdoyoumean? Youhaveall don—IamsureIdidnotmeantocomplain." She would have knelt on for hours, leaning made Humphrey Charlecote. Esquire, trustee the Power and consequence here, and are fully "^nlv* ^sr^h neither vour voice had such aRomero. He'hadnotapproved,hehadnotWarned. H e would interfere no more inher fate,s h e seated herself, and drew down her black veil,$xchill creeping over her.. Tha same afternoon Lucilla and her boxes wereo n the platform of the Southminster station, Ow- her saving herself, and promising not to let her ecuted. Had any one looked at the downcast sons for wishing to be put in possession of the «ea*seyesstrainingafterheras thetrain rushed oversleep herself, treating her with wiseand face, it would havebeen with wonderatthe familyplacewhenhecanenjovit,andshecan't? on,aidshefeelingpositivepainandanger atoiif»Vb!a s^se still WJikved har perfection, and "Xo. mother: never while I can take care o fdreamiiv on the new sense of the habitual words, •Our Father," had not Miss Feruumore come kindlv and tenderly to undress her, insisting onand executor, jointly with James Crabbe. Es- master of all; but why should not poor mamma quire, the elderly lawyer at present reading it live in her own house?"aloud. The intended codicil had never been ex- 4'Can't you conceive that a man may have rea-was her most vehemenV partisan, even when the wroug had been caMy oa the side of the teacher.fcerl" f "I know you will Phcebe, if yoa say sov. Phcebe, love, when I see God, I shall thank Bint;soothingaffection,andauthoritythatwasmost glowofshypleasurethrillingovercheeksand Don'tlookatmewiththatridiculousface, tOn the whole, in spite of this return to eld SouthminsteR Defiancehadfallenintodisuse, children.4 Y ou are engaged!" eyes,whilethefire,groaning,sanktogether, tainingwasleft;thedistilleryandallconnected 4'Notexactly. Iamwaitingtoseemywaylate. All night long sha layj with dry and openand faded into darkness, and the moonbeams with it descended to the eldest son, John Mer- through the bother." retreatedslowlyfromfloortowall,andwerelost vynFulmort;theyoungerchildrenreceived 4'Whoisit? Tellmeaboutit,Mervyn."as grey cold dawn began to light the window.£ 10,WO a piece.and the residue was to be equal- "I don't mind telling you, but for yourly divided among all except tke second son, don't say a word to any one. I would never for-: luBtffw I shall feel at heme here. I hear the wa- filling her with yearning for another embrace,ter**voice." anotherword,or"eventhatshehadknownthat eshecouldyetdiscover,thebrotherandfive andheproceeded: 4'Isupposeyouneverheard"Ah, if Robert could see me now, he would be- the last good-bye had been the last, that she sisters would divide about £120,000 between of Cecilv Ravmond?"lieve in me," thought she to herself, as she dailv •aivht have prized it—oh. how intensely! them, so that each of the ladies had £30,000 of4Of "Moorcroft?" she asked, breathing "more froelv, "Sir John's daughter?'*44 No, his niece. It is a spoony thing to take up with one's tutor's daughter, but itj can't bethetic gaze was a contrast with the young man's4There! there mamma; d4o4 yoa besrjthat?"it is a farce to talk of her managing the bouse, er the e?tate either. It was bad enough be- fore, but there will be no checkon anvoae now."" I thought you looked after things."CHaPTEa"lV.Sarah's temper was not her prime quality; ater- cations beganto run high. Eachdispatethat took"Ami tosnend mvlifeasa steward? No, if the work is to be in' my bauds, I ought to be4Tfeere remstnetkarest** contlr wklsperedi Ptcebe-iand Miss Fennimore thonght the young • fs**hadsomethingofthoangeliait—»"nomere weariness there.'4" ~ ,"'•weremL^ivingswhether^her^motherwouldbe|lations,and'assoonassheescaped,shehastened helped. I'vetriedtoputheroutofmyhead, 441musttellFrancisthattheschoolroomisno girlseftwelveaxdten,andtwobeysyounger.seeded. Her pupil was a girl of considerable properly considered, fears of the mutual rela- awav, followed by Robert mil cater on a more profitable speculation, butplace for hU fishing tackle!" exclaimed Mrs. • It was at a country house, so much "secludedAbib'ties — intellectual, thoughtful, and well tions between her brothers, a sense that the fam-that such temptations a s a t Southminster were 1 outofreach,andthe younger pupils were not .theintentionasgoodasthedeed,asfarasAe Sandbrook?"askedPhoebe,unabletobelieve teachinghimtodressflies,becauseshesayshe likelytotrynertemperiatoesamewayasSarah"'Nevermind,JPho^be,,, he said, taking her it won't work!"hand; "thekindnessandpardonwerethosame, 41Is she very prettv—prettier than Lucillthe Pilot ami jight haveproveda stumblingblock.' 44 Not what you would call pretty at all, d the waves of this trouble^ , otherwav mighthaveprovedastumblingblock."shoals and thei gloom, the thought revived of i tvas concerned. Perhaps vou were right. The that any other inducement could attach him.can't be a real fisherman without, and the trout bad done.always rise at hers. It is quite beautiful to sea So Mr. Prendergast tenderly explained that herthrow. That delicatehandissostrongand-. Sarah,'beingoldenongh tOBursue htr studies ready." al«se,andhersister,Mrs.WillisBeaumont,be-Adoorwasopened,andoutofthehousemaid ingindistressforagoverness,itwealdbebest closet,defendedfromlightbyayellowblinda* totransferHi£3Sasabroektobar.Lucillaturn- every crevice, came eager exclamations of "Fa* ed a little pale, but gave no other sign, only an-some world. She closed her eyes for prayer,' Speak as*he would, he could not govern the tone except her eyes." Not a bit fit to make a figurebutnotforsleep. Reposeevenmoreprecious orhisvoicenorthequiveringofhisentireframe intheworld,andaregularlittleparsoness. live,andknewwhatwasidiomatic,Sarah,with andsoothing than slumber was granted— underthedownfallofhishopes. Phoebelinked That'sthedeuceofit. Itwouldbemeremisery "erciumsypronunciation,hadfurther insight thereposeofconfidenceintheEverlastingArms, feerarminhiStand*tookseveralturnsinthetohertobetakentoLondonandmadetogoanto grammar, and asked perplexing questions; and or confiding to them all the feeble and ser-ifsheplayedadmirablyandwithfacility,Sarah rowfulwithwhomshewaslinked. Itwasas ,could puzzle her with the science of music; if her though (in tho words of her own clasped book) l&awingwereeversoeffectiveandgraceful,Sa- herGodweremoretoherthaaever,trulyaverygallery with him. into society; so I want to have it settled, for if"Oh,Robin,ifIwerebutofagotodivide shecouldcomehereandgopokingintocottages mous,"4'Capital,"4lThetowercomesoutto swering,"Thankyou,"and"Yes,"atfitmo-With vou!""No,Phoebe,thatwouldbeunfit foryouandand schools, she would want nothing more." perfection," and in another moment, Lucilla ments, and acceding to everything, even to her44Thenyouknowthatsheeare3foryou?" Sandbrook,inallherbloomandanimation,was speedydepartureattheend'ofaweek.He'laughedconsciouslyatthishomequestion.. intheroom,followedbyayouthofeighteen Shelefttheroominsilence, morestunned slimbered,andinthecourseofthenightsljFrah'slesssightlyproductionshadcorrectdetails presentHelpintrouble;and;asthedawnbright-thatputhersto"shame,andformerehonesty's enedforadaysounlikeallethers,herheartjjihadhadmyportion.Ioughtnottohaveenter- 44ItmustbealongtimesinceyouwereatMr.- vearssFrancisBeaumontjan"Indiannephewof thanevenbyRobert'sannouncementandwith sleptherselftranquillyawayfromtheworkssake,andtokeepupherdignity,shewasobliged trembledless,andsheroseupwitheyesheavyStainedhopessounbefitting. Butoh,Phoebe? Raymond's."forme. IamonlywhereIwasbefore. Iknewlessfictitiousstrengthtobravetheblowthatshe whereevenprosperitycadbeenbatatroubled1:maze to her. .•Iwiry. wakening to the sudden shock. sensitive as she i ? ^ " **o . „ ' - - there since, and met her at her uncle's. Poor tooth mouldings will satisfv even tho uncle." school-room, and leaning her brow against the Augusta arrivedL weeping profusely, but with.;t o work hard, and recur to the good grounding, and limbs weary, but batter prepared for the that she should becait~about the world, fragile, "Eight years: but I have made living visits -that against her will she had received at Hilton- morning's ordeaf than even by sleep ending in aMrs.Prendergast."Hit off at last, isn't it, aunt? Those dog-had brought oh herself. She repaired to the1 Phoebe could have said that a home at the little thing, she was horridly gone off boat time, • j, "Had her education been as superfieial as that When Miss Fennimore vigilantly met her oat iHoltwasopen to Lucilla; but this might seem and very ungracious, but we will find a re-- t "Really it IBvery good,'' said Mrs. Prender- window-pane, tried to gather her thoughts, but all her wits about her, so as to assume tho com-'scarcely five minntea had passed before the door mand, and provide for her own, and her Admi-a "was thrown back, and in rushed Sarah, passion- rails comfort. Phcebe was left to the mournful! atelyexclaiming— reposepfhavingnooneonwhomtoattend,smos| •SobodybuttheFennimorecouldbethoroughly serious,sweetcollectednessinairandfacethatrstairs."Robert,whereareyou?"hecalledfrom 44Itnevercametothat. Inevercommitted continuedhe. "Doyourememberthehideous 4'It'smyfault!'It'sallmyfault! Oh,Miss Bussfennimoreprovidedfortheyoungeronera tip to that girl." struck the governess with loving awe and sur- the end of tho gallon'. "I never, believed'you myself." .=" 1 muddles of last summer? But, oh! Miss Sand- Sandbrook, dearest Miss Sandbrook, forgive me! and in the lassitude of bodily fatigue and sorlj.of her cousins," she wrote to her brother, "Sarah •leaving her room, and surveyed her anxiously,] (an unkind suggestion, and the same moment Sir medy!"/wealdhaveputhertoshame long ago;indeed tojudgeof herhealthandpowers,therewasaIJBevilwas heard impetuously boundingupthe "Thenyoucouldnotgainconsenttoit?'* !gast, as it was held up to the light for her in- spection.« There could be no doubt that father, mother, prise. -,'," could have been so infamously treated." " But why not? H she was so good, and you! brook, we most hare one more; the sun trill be Oh! my temper! my temper! I never thought row, a» shrank from Maria's babyish qUe&jozf anddaughter,alllikedandvaluedherextreme- Theyoungergirlshad.knowntheirfathertoo - "Hush!"saidRobert,shocked;"Icannothear likedher,andtheyall'wantedyoutomarry,I Offby-and-by." —I'llgotopapa! IllteUhimitismydoing! aidBertha'slevityandcuriosity,spendingKrily, and she loved Mrs. Prendergast as she had little to be much affected by the loss. Maria this said. Yon know it was only want of time." can't see why you waited^ if you knew, too, that "Only ten minutes," said Lucilla, i n a depre- He will never—never be so unjust and cruel!"timochieSy eloucv Even Robert could not ofter- uewiiulkef,sinceM<bi«vr/sabsenceanddleus? threwmuchonMmandMr.Crabbe,theexecu% tor and guardian; and the Bannermanns were bothexactingandself-imnortant.::TheActaUSL.. havingbeenpursuedbytheirlettersfrontplace!Biararlfrcwt\romant»fijj»t«jjlj"arm,filial.COE> tidinglove. Shewasfallingintotheinterestsof thecathedralandtheparish,andfelt them,and Iteroccupationsinthemorningsatisfyingand sailofrest,aftertheunsatisfactorywhirlofher Bite life. She was becoming happier than she *knew,andatanyratefeltitadelusionto imag- inethepostofgovernessanunhappyone. ThreeRtnrMinrotmd-cyodamaze,andBertha,thoughsubduedandshockedforashortspace,revived~ 'iiT om «»\*#ollrTnf»/*fwvi't»fi.lKo» UA.H-A*I1"1 .- •.A •..... .-.WM....t..IIQ\.-fcfc\JVUt—MW£Si. ———IIUU1.shelikedyou—•?dou'fethinkitwsskind MsrV catingtone.•;"You.muituoikeepmeasecond --"Sarah,alandup;leimego,piease,"ealdfar more sorrowful letter in which Honor wrote," long6tillness follow?-!, broken at last by Phoe-was astounded aUris coolness. I'll take care the"Sarah,"said Lucilla, resolutely, "goingmad 44Italianreading,mammajbutnevermind." inthiswayjustshowsthatIamdoingyouno ".Findtheplace,mydear.*_1 good. YouarenotbehavingproperlytoyourtoherthatshewasenteringoaadMractini turmoil of voices. Mervyn, however, came for? wardatoncetomeether,threwbisarmreunc? her,andkissedherratherdemonstratively,say£ ing,"44MylittlePhmbe,Iwonderedwhereyot* were;" then putting her into a chair, and bead-* ingoverher,4'Weareinforthe.funeralgamesS Standnnforyourself!" .. :5ShedidnotknowIntheleastwhatbecouldt mean,batshewastoosickathearttoask;shf only thonghth3 looked unwell, faded, and tsgj ged,andwithaboatedcsmphssfro. \ ri^Tc/ahavechosenyourownpathinlife,may "NottillIamup,mydear,"sheanswered,inan yonfinditoneof"improvement and blessing.tress shall of course always make what is past forgotten,yetyoumustnotconsiderHiltonbnry arefugeifyougrowhastilywearyofyourexeri, " I begyou will do nothing of the kind!" e x - Phcebe, indignantly. . -;•'. ] claimedRobert. VIamheartilyobligedtoyou, 4'Didn'tItellyouthatshespoiltthetasteof Acton. Yougainedmothecertaintyofforgive- everyothertransactionofthesort? Andwhat ness,,withoutwhichIshouldhavefeltacurseon amigoingtodonow? Whenshehasnota mywork. Fortherest,Icomplaiiiofnothing. halfpenny,andImightmarryanybody!"wish I had not been cross." And though Sarah usuallylovedto.readtohermother,showasun- easyallthetime,-watchingthedoer,andpaus- ingatthemostmovingpassages. Itwasfull half-au-hourbeforethevoiceswereheardreturn-"She never acted unjustly before.,,4That is not foryou tojudge,inthefirst place;andinthenext,sheactsjustly.Ifeelit. Yes,Sarah,Ido;Ihavenotdonemydutyby you,andhavequarrelledwithyoawhenyour.!§ions. Sinceyourefusetofindamotherinme, tine;hertwobreakfasts,andprotracteddress-andchoosetodependonyourselfalone,itmust jbe in earnest, not caprice,ing,occupiedherfornearlytwohours,afterwhich she did not refuse to see her son, but I I have had larger means.than the others. I . -The next day was Sunday, ana Mervyn made ing, and then there was a call, "Directly, interest shamed me. AU my old bad habits areCHAPTERTJ.• Phrebe Fulmort sat in her own room. The lit-gavethedetailsofthepastday. Herdull,apa-my"owncuretoanyother;andreflectionwill show you that our family affairs are not to bechurchTobserving that ho was getting into train- ing. Ho spent the evening in dwelling on CecilyHehandedLadyActonintothedining-room Augusta, following with Sir Bevil, was going tcMissjrehnimorerepliedwithadecidedaffirma- tive, and though Phoebe's taste disapproved, she saw that it wvs wiser not to interfere. .1 Muchfatigued,Robertsleptlate,butjoinedboastedjust'nowthit'=hisfather*?culdhaveSeehere,xiioebe^iibeganwhen1wasasgreen>g^i^!wosldbeso°e{Mii"*— '*--throwingmyselfawayI Imighthavegonein ton?" said Robert, forcing his voice to calm for rank or fortune, as I liked: and how did I rehukej and grasping the baluster with an iron- know that I was such a fool that 1 could not like grip. - •,-. forget her? If Charles Charteris had not mo-"bringhischildouttohim,erelse—— andtheendeavorsat"preparationweremisun-*"Littledidshereekofthegrave,displeased,yet derstood,tillitwasneedfultohe'explicit; A thoughtofit;andIbelieveevenBannerman fordomesticjoys,especiallytobeDarbytosucha pattern little Joan, who would think me on the thing,ismadepublic! Illmoveheavenand highwaytoperditionifshesawBdl's loft on earth,but I'llgetyoupreferment that shall thetable,orheardmebetapairofgloves." -• SatIthinkitrighttosay,thatthoughrealdis- injuredToice;"do,pray,seewhetherBoodleia ehowhowsnchtreatmentislookedupon.".'-'. 4Youcan'thaveanyaffectionforher,"criedIndeedIwillMw.Pwndergast."44 Let me see this translation, Sarah," saidMM. Prendergast, as the photographers ran downstairs.Shelookedoveritcarefully,andastheten minuteshadpassedwithoutsignofthegover- ness'sreturn,askedwhatnaturallyfollowed,in the' mornings employment.letyougo!"Sarahwasreallybesideherself with despair, and as her mother advanced, andyeara at Southminster (for Sarah strenuously in- his sister long before tho dreaded moment sisted that she would come outas late as possible!! of hearing their mother's bell. They, need•would be all rest, peace, and improvement; aha not have been fearful of the immediate Sythattime,Owenwouldbereadyforherto effect;Mrs.Fulmort'sperceptionsweretardy,'."Whatistheuse'cf-tellingsuchthings,Ac-be's question, whether she would hot see Robert.comingwithmywarmwater." " v -, Hermindwasnotawake tothestroke, and waslapsingintoitsordinarymechanicalrou-i"ItisonlywhileFrancisisathome. Oh,I mother."havedonehisbestifhehadbeenallowed.--Itisvyn." more,letthesunbeineversuchgoodhumor.Lucy,unclaspingthehandsfromherwaist. 4Tnisisnot right. Your father and mother both,thinkthesame,aidsodoI. Itisiuatthat Ishouldgo—"intoaskingatorrent ofquestions, culminatingin "Should they do any lessons?" Whereto, your brother!—his, own confession mind I H e -- " A h ! women always hang bv one another. Come, Sarah, come and show us the place youdoneitonthespot,butforhisinterference,and expected thanks front all the rest of us for his jcareofourinterests."- ...,4Itistoehot,ffsaidSaraV'bluntly, "andI can't waste the morning."(4.- You shan't say so! It is my crossness! I I to place in the Highlands, at length arrived, audi; "Theusef Tomarkmydetestationofsuch nopolizedtheJewess,IshouldhavebeendoneforconductIIdidmybest.toshowhimwhatI longago!Andapartfromthat,Iwas'ntreadygossipingladies. Ididn'tthinkyouwould!"showedfarless)emotionthanhedid,while"he{knowthatIwastolcokfornomoro. Iprefer theunprecedentedexertionofgoingtwiceto Sarah!"thodarkchamberwasshutup,sadallsubsided.'.;;..' ;-:;rl " ..;"j.1;.-'. '; Mrs. Prendergast stayed on, In spito,otdnim-comoback,andyourmotherisrighttopart withmo." ••:,.:. .!:•.:gush of. tears, and the caresses that Phoebe lav-tleroundclockonthemantelpiecepointedtoishedonherlistlesshand.Phoobeproposedthatmadepublic."-- '• -•• ••"•'•'•Raymond,whoseemedtonavebeenthecheerfulploimgglancefromherdaughter,and;afteransobbedSarah,imploringly. Whenshespeaksthaheadofthetable,whenbecalledout,'Tuat'iPhoebe's placer' - . 1 44 Not before'my elders," Photbe answered^tryingtoseatherselfattheside. <f•44eleven. The fire was low but glowing. The "At any rato, your mother might do some- guardian elder sister of a largo family in harrow Interval of the, mysterious manipulations in tha in that way, can you still--? Oh! Iknowlwasclear gas shone brightly on the toilette appara- Robert should read to her—she assented, and thing. Let me speak to her. What, not now ? circumstances, and as great a contrast to Mervyn closet, tho ph'oWgraph wa3 borne forth in tri- disrespectful, but yoa- can't—yoa. can't thinktus,onthecentraltable,loadedwithtokensof soondozed,awakingtoaskplaintivelyforBoodle ThenIwillcomedownwheneverPhoebewill himselfaswaspoorLucillatoRobert;herhome- umph. --- *.: *• . —. ... thatwa3herfaultf"and her afternoon cup of tea. '<'"It was," said Lucilla, looking at Mrs. Pren- summon me." •- "•' -:. • - : liness and.seriousness being as great hindrances ' Lucilla looked a little abashed at finding Mrs. 44.•writing her abstract ef the day's reading and the same, and her interest apparently feebly ahytlnng were m her power, ^ she could not nn- yougef. It was as if each were attracted by*There, .Mr. Beaumont,. you see! I hope Mrs. sheoncehad. Sarah, this is of no use. I would Phoebe." a f Prendergast is going tobanish'"you forthwith; go now, if your mother begged me to stay—and IainacbdiscemTort aba obeyed, and tried t e jyou make us shamefully idle.!" : V that," she added, with herfarmsmile, "she is too attend civilly to Sir Nieholasa observations art 1' 4 Yes," said Mrs. Prendergast, gravely, "I am wise to do. If you do not wish to pain me, and the viands, hoping to intercept a few, as sheper'iobservation,, in childishly correct miniature roused by the mourning,'but. by nothing else. derstanoj and she must not be harassed." •indefinable essence, apart from all qualities,' constitutes tho self; and Haydn's air, learntago b y Cecily as a surprise t o her father, on.i birthday, had .evoked such a . healthy sheet love within the last" twenty-four hour*, * Mervyn was? quite transformed, though rather unsuitably sensible of his own sacrifie<| andofthefavorhewasabouttoconferonCectyySound-hand. • She did not like that Phoebe should leave her, but was more at ease with her maid than her Tha curtain was looped up, and the moon eon, and. though he daily came to sit with her cf afrosty night blanched a square on the andreadtoher,hewas grievedtobeunableto-"-"We will talk that over on but way to town,'* eaid Sir Bevil. " I start a t once. I will not see that fellow again, nor, I should think, would y o n . " - • .: : :-: *•>•«'<"'•-" •going to cany hira off' atonco, and make a law against future invasions." - ". Francis attempted loud appeals, but his auntr ner,put me to shame, do not let me have any more ceivedhesr they chafed her eldeat brother. ;>carpet beneath the window, av- which she of- ten looked with a listening gaze. Her father <jidbrotherhadbeenexpected at dinner-time; and though their detention was of frequent oc- currence, Phoebe had deferred undressing tilli t should be too late for their arrival by thebe of greater use, while bo could seldom have Phoebe t o himself. Sorely missing Miss Charle- cote,hetookhtsmealsinthewestwing, where his presence was highly appreciated, though ha was often pained by Bertha's levity and Maria's imbecility. The governess treated him withAt last, on Mervyn himself roundly abosmdlast" train, since they would like her to pre- marked esteem and consideration; strikingly dis-but she really loTdd and esteemed Mrs. Prender- fjandbrook."gast too much to prepare to champ .the bit. That "If it were for their good," signed Lucilla. lady's warmth and simplicity, ana above all, tha "It has been much for her good; she is far less largeness of mind, that prevented her from of- uncouth, and less exclusive. And it will be fending or being offended by trifles, had endearedherextremelytotheyounggoverness. Notonlyside over their supper, and she might possibly bear of Robert, whose doings her father had of late seemed to regard with less displeasure, though she had not been allowed to go with Bliss Charlecoteto the consecration of his church, and had not seen him since tho Horticultural Show." She went fo the window for a final look. "Whiteandcrisplaythepath,chequeredbythe •tiaik denned shadows of the trees; above was thesky,pearlywith moonlight, allowing only •a few larger stars to appear, and one glorious planet.similar to tho punctilious, but almost contemptu-ous courtesy of her behavior to the other gentle- not revert to tho subject, and I have reasons for j She asked if he would return by the next hunt*men of the family, and after her pupilswere goneto bed, would fasten upon him for a discussionsuch as her soul delighted in, and his detested.Secure of his ground,lie was not sura of his powersstaving" ingday. He answered vaguely, then rousing "You need not fear," said Phoebe; "Robert himself, said, "I say, Phoebe, yoa must write always keeps his temper."- her a cordial sisterly sort of a letter, you know; "Or rather we have the safeguard of being and you might make Bertha do it too, for no-more to, I hope. Ton will still be her friend, equal vehemence and incoherency, till b--'-evening there alone. It was not known till iwhile tho younger bad already received an amplo dozed. t- . good of all. Overworked between pupils and * *!ght this morning. I was there instantly, Mcr- portion as* heir to bis uncle. "Mr. Fulmort, how- During tho last few months Bertha had out- tlock, whilo his wife was fully engrossed by wyn and Bevil soon after, but he knew none of ee* had proposed to place Robert on the same grown her childish distaste to study, and had children and household cares, tho moment had *s. Mervyn thought I had better como here. Oh, 1 ,not hecn perceived when their daughter becamalooked so grave." said, "Dear mamma, I always knew she felt "I did not think yoa would have spoken so it."\*<You Arc content, my unselfish one?*»"Don'ttalktomeabout myself,please!"im- everywhere. TheAdmiralIssogenerousl"rl?.there maylb iA ft 6TOIIwSfJZS®1footing with his sisters, and Sir Bevil had reason exerted her mind with as much eagerness &3"J^be, my mother!" to think, he had at onco acted on his design. governess could desire; her translations and ,'• woman, and the pupil's sport grew to carnsst.'"*willteeifshehaveheardanything,"said Suchthoroughforgivcnc=.sandapprovalwentto 'ceropositionswerewondersofcaseandaeutcness;"NottillMervynFulmorthadleftSuttonfortho iS<tie' **oving quietly off, as one in a dream, Robert'sheart, end he cotiM scarcely speak as ho •she bad plunged into science, had no objection to ;University were they awaro that ho had treated ^taeto act,move,and decide, though cot to gavePhoel>ctholettertoread. Imathematics,andbywayofrecreationwandered jCccilyastho object of his affection, andhad otv* - , • - ^Vbfnsh««%i7lddi?cti«^it wilb birfl »f!e?\ve? »inGermanmctaphyMcs. MissFennimore rather •promisedto sockherassoonasheshouldbe bia«rtbadHP*^ttscfc«aichoinn commotion". Rob- mother bad fallen asleep for tho night, sho found 'discouraged this lino, knowing how little oscfal .own niasicr. II*">w tUuch *»AS ia his pO'*t?•wereknots^ntothe butler, and everywhere FhotbewiOiHaypa-as. Miss Feaaltttore met far from those of t» full of tcAi3, tears as yet fitt beard noOnttg, *->x*self. "Your mother thatfromBoodle,whowuy. *<\ i^n^^4'Ah! little did we think how deeply wen^tho stroke that showed no wound.".yon must learn better mannersfirst,Phoebe—«D1 , but von ha\e taken away that pleasure. I Scotland. Mervyn wius ^apposed to be at Paris, 10 rush out of the dining-rocsi ia this way. * t\S&ttfcklherhaveber»i^tste« Yoa RoVrt, who bad followed Fh£«s V^not bo a violent change; I do not think she would objecttomvpresentsituation.""Oh. Kof*Tt.. veu will not expose yourself to •le treated as before."would not be. There was no want of merely ovcr-coniidenco in her own>contempt ef her grand discoveries.CHAPIES III. itorM ASO r&ARs.One day, when Mervyn bad becu hunting, andbad come homo tirco*, be desired her to give himtome music in the evcasng. Sho took tho or>r*>r- j1]jherself to au irreligious man, and that tho aV tunity ef goingovet sonw .ine old airs, which the l^nce of princip"le whrich he had shown male it exigencies of drawrng-roem display had pre- | impossible for her to a*ccept him.lv grieving vo*»»nd »nu t&couu*.. ^ Hi«» Ctianccoto. , , . ,-For thAt I feel accoantab- "31 fcavebcci «***»« Mtentooi you belter ol *\i\W. "Itannst forget tnattFennimore came*"threat that If howttecotgcedwrKWgh for her, taehmcntonhispATt, hcrvnny was fanned at Since ber discussions with Rc'aert, she hid bc- ing house alone with a man of his charfteter,evei ho vfosld giv-s hor resits to *Mr>k sol fimlina herself in her prc^at pe-sitita as irresist- g/Rn to wt'gh fc? hersslf ibf interr*?, intrinsic you mav bavo sense to see it coulda't be for fOf Mervyn nothing was heard, and hon=e and ible aa ever, and his eagertriss to ohtam a smile evidence©faivineerigin, above *1J, in theGos- momenf," ' „' ."", '"," J ^ t * *• » > • • ; - .. "I stay till Saturday week." :ushedthem, wita demeanor that showed that was inearnest, and drove him away beforeaway, and not yet able to govern himself, rushed into her room. "defended it, but confessed to having herself r* rectedMrs. Brisbanetothoconcoctionthat r" ing."Mrs. Brisbaneshalltakeordersfromno1 but Miss Fulmort, while she is in my ho thundered Mervyn.Phcebe, in agony, began to say, she knew i what, to Sir Bevil, and ko seconded her w?• *You had better not. You have been abomi-nablytreated,'butthis is notimeforcollisions.Yon agree with me, Phoebe; his absence-would • in entering on that inevitable period when -00be the wisest course" { I must cease to be a gentleman at large. .05 "Phoebe knows that annoyance between Mer- I On Monday he came down to breakfast readyvyn and me is, unhappily, no novelty. We shall . for a journey, as Phoebe concluded, to London?: "Poor Sarah!" said her mother. "You have ..Lucilla knew that a lecture was impending tare powers of makingyour pupils love yon, Missof reasoning with an able ladv of nearlv double both sullen, not hot/*said Robert.' "Bcsh'ea, body else will." *up, she said with difficulty—"Don't mind this; Iknow it is right; I have not deserved the happyhomethatyonhavegivenmehere. Where*£ Julianawasheard,—"SirBevil,SirBev am less happy, I hone that I may keen a betterguardonmyself. Ithoughtthe*old ways hadbeen destroyed, bnt they are too strong still, andI ought to suffer for them."his vcars and more than double his reading and' Mervyn was right. I have had my share, and "Youaregoingto Sutton?"rcaoincssofspeech,yethedurstnotretreatfrom havenoteventhedignityofbeinginjured." 4tYes;and,asItoldyoa,Itrustvoutowriteyoa can spare ma anyaUenlien^Whatwasi nameofthatpersonatHampsteadthatyour1 tor told me of?"argument, lest he should seem to yield the cause The need of cooling his partisan was tho moat such a letter as to make her feel comfortable." • meTits and habit* fn which poor Honor'sthat &•>waasworntomaintain,"inseasonand effectivemeansofbluntingthesharpedgeofhis "Yes, Mervyn,111write,only I must hear opposition bad merely confirmed her. Theown vexation. Hearing Mervyn cross the hall, effect of the sufferings. of the past summeroutofsevon." It was bawl that his own trou- he called to offer to take his share in some busi- from you first." • , - had subdued her for. a long time, thi noveltyi4 That person! What, where poor Anne J tonwasboarded? Dr.Graham, hocalledhl_ selfr but Idon't believehe was aphysician. Hfl rid vulgar fellow!"4iExcclIentfor the purpose, though," conti?ed Lady Acton, addressing herself as before „ Mr. Crabbe; *'advertises for nervousor deficiojej ladies, and boards them on very fair terms ^- would take her quite off our hands." a •Phccbo tamed a wild look of impliring inferf . rogationonSirBevil,butacertain,family tdet gTaph had electrified him, and his eyes were u * the grapes that he was eating with oeroif haste. Tierbloodboilingat what she appje>* headed, Phcebo could endure her present postnc longer, and starting up, made the signal ts ' leavingthedinner-tablesosuddenlythat Aur> usta choked upon her glass of wine, and carrfiilblesandotherpeople'sshouldalikebring himin ness which they had to transact together. for controversy en all tho things that end in "Wait a moment," was the answer; and as Sir"Kir.'" Bevil muttered1 a vituperation of Mervyn's assu- Ho learnt by letter from Sir Bevil Acton that ranee, he said,, decidedly, "Now, once for all. I hi.-? father had' been struck by what ho had seen desire that this matter be never again named be- the roads diverged to tho front and back en- in Cecily-row, and had strongly expressed his tween any of us. Let no ©no know what has trances, a black figure alighted, tookout a bag, concern that Rol«rt had been allowed to strip taken place, and let us forget all but that mydismissed the vehicle, and took thej>ath to the himself for the sake of a duty, which, if it were father was in charity with me,"Shereceivedanotherkissferthosewords,and they had been an effort, for those designs on Beauchamp weighed heavily on her, and the two tasks that were left to her were not congenial. She did not know how to welcome a strange sister, for whoso sake the last of the Merwns was grudged her own inheritance, and still less did she feel disposed to harass her mother with a rew idea, which would involve her in bewilder. ment and discussion. She could only hope that there would bo inspiration i n Mervyn's blank cover, and suppress her fever of suspense.of her position had awed her,andwhat Mrs. Prendergast truly called the reaction, had been so tardy in coming en, that it was a surprise even to herself. Sensible that she had given cause for displeasure, she courted tho U'e-c-tcte, and herself began thus—"I beg your pardon for my idleness. It is a fatal thing to borecalled to the >.o passions of my ycu»n—fishing andNever in all her dayshad Lucillaspokenso humbly!CHAPTER V.Often a first grief, where sorrow ban ttithorto been a stranger, is but the foretaste to many another, like tho first hail-storm, after loxg sun- shine, preluding a succession of showers, the clouds returning after tke rain, and obscuring the sky of life for many a day.•> j Phoebe was last turning from the window, when she heard wheels sounding on thefrosly drive, and presently a carriage appeared, the shadow spectrally lengthened on the slope of the-, whitened bank. All at once it stopped wherepresent. There must have been warnings of fail- ing health of which none had been made aware, for Mr. Fulmort had come t o town partly t o .ar-Unaware thatRobertknewof his father's designs robe and valet, grfevma and horn»,"uad been to drag her out to bo foolish as would be bestnor of their prevention, Mervyn w&3 totally ex- sent for to London. t for her."empt from compunction, thinking, indeed, that So he had been refused, and could not bear to "So it might be for her; but, my dear, pardonhehadsavedhisfatherfromcommittinganin- tellherso! Andhereshewasdisappointedand me.IamnotspeakingonlyforSarah'ssake." thoughapparentlyhardlycomprehended,had justice on tho rest of the family, for tho sake ofV pitying, and as vexed with Miss Raymond as if With an odd jerk of head and hand, Oilly ex- taken away tho spring of life, and she was with-had recoveredbreath torebukeher sister's preclrr ' itation,Phozbe,withboldnessandspiritqui:* new to the sisters, was confronting Juliana, sad ' demandingwhatshehadbeensayingabtiif: Hampstead. f,"Only,"saidJuliana,coolly,"thatIbarfJ found a capital place there for 'Maria—a Doefof. Graham,whoboards andlodges suchunforttri" ates. Sir Bevil had an idiot cousin there wh>. I died. I shall write to morrow." >.. ifJ44I promised that Maria should cot be Mparw tedfromme,"saidPhosbe."Noasense, my dear, said Augusta; we< not receive her; she can never tSotnaaer- able."44 Yea?" said Phcebe.»4Yealmydear; did you notkaow? Tout homewithusthedayaftertomorrow;andces spring I intend to bring yea out, and take ~threethis afternoon." takowhathadbeenthusdeferred. Eachof the Phcebaandfairlyciril to Robert,sothat there i "Where?" asked Phoebe, understanding, bat daughter's was to have £10.000, the overplus be- were no disturbances to interfere with the tran- met yet feeling. ing divided l»ctwcen them and their eldest broth- quil intercourse of tho l>rother and sister in their er, who would succeed both to the business, ftsd walks in the woods, their pacings of the gallery^ •"Atbisroomsattheoffice.Hehadspenttho[enbismother'sdeathtothoBeauchampestate, orlowvoicedconferenceswhiletheirmotherheartilygrieved for him,and longed toknow< how ho boro it.It was the old story of tho parish priest taking pnpils, and by diro necessity only half "fut- nllingconflictingduties,tothosacrificeofthecried Mrs Prendergast, shocked at the word and idea that had never crossed her mind,Remedies did but disturb her torpor, by feverish Smptomsthathastenedherdecline,andDr. artyn privately told Miss Charlecote that theIt was more than Sir Bevil was with almost anyone, and he continued to pace tho gallery with Phoebe, devising impossible schemes of compensation until tho moment of his departure for London.such at al!j belonged rtiote to 'ethors, Ther«might have been wrongheaded haste in the ac-tion, but if such new-fangled arrangements hadbecome requisite, i t was unfair that one memberof thefamily alone should bear thewhole burden.Sir Bevil strongly supported this view, and Mr.Fulmort had declared himself confirmed in hisintention of making provision for his son in hiswiii,aswell'asofgivinghimafairallowanceat neitheralteringInsnsualtonetowardstheother* thronghthoservantsthatMr.Mervyn'sward- 'andhersoulistoomuchbentonherworkforusWednesday came. Day after day wore on. and still the post-bag was emptied fn vain, and00 many excuss for outbreaks."•'She never accepts excuses," said Lucilla,Robert had not relied too much on his own for-bearance. Phoebe met her two brothers at din- Phoebe's patience was kept on tenterhooks, till, 4though I am sure she might. I have been a ner—ono gloomy, the other melancholy; but when a full fortnight had passed, she learnt [sere trial to her diligence and methodicalnesa;the haU.~ Neither spoke till they were in tho {library, which had been kept prepared for tho travelers. Robertpressedhertohimandkissed •ler ferventlv, and she found voice to sav. "Whati » K ? Papa'? " » Y es,"said Robert.". She needed not to ask tho extent of the ca-lamity. Shestoodlookingiuhisface,while, rangeforthesafeguardianshipofpoorMariaandtha beginning once made, he sjokcin low, quick her fortune. An alteration in his will upon the accents."Paralysis.Lastnight.Hewasin-deathofoneofthetrustees,hadbeentoolongfanaticaltormentor,whohadalreadyhadandithadnotbeennomorethanhedeserved.Butclaimed,4Oh!theoldstory—theotherf—fiirt- eringlikeabranchseveredfromthestem.(sensiblewhenEdwardscalledhimthismorn- neglected,andperhapssomeforebodingoftheim- thrownawaymorethanhisshare. Ssbduedand poorMervyn!hehadexpecteditsolittle,and ing.isit?"ing." Nothing could be done. It was over by pending malady had urged him at last to nnder- saddened for the timov Mervyn was kind to had been so really attached, that Phoebe was ••I never said that! I never thought that,""Mervyn^!mamma, saidPtccbe: 4teut indeed i t ia safe to think of his great lovusg-kinddess- and mercy*^party outrybow to think about him—I wish I bad cared' "I cannot think how to answer fully, deafCathedral."RobertMervynFulmort,who,havingbeenfully giveyou,ifyousetmyLadiesBannennaaand Mrs.Prendergastenteredtheschoolroom,out- theirgraspbycustom,whenherheartwasbe- berwithreality? Why,ofallhermstructom,side which she had been holding a colloquyi coming detached from them. had none touched her like poor, ignorant, feeble*The powerful sun of high summer was filling th£ Be that as it might. Mrs. Preadergast's first minded Mrs. Fnlmort? «»The lawyer ceased. Sir Bevil leant towards their likings would coincide; his manner indi-him,andmadeaninquirywhichwasanswered catedflefianceofopinion,andshecouldnotbut blinds,andrevealingaratherconfusedmassof entrustedtoher,andloveandpityasshemight, knewhim,andwasrousedsufficientlytotby a pign in the negativer Then taking up some be averse to a person for whose sako he wished tothe appliances of study, interspersed with sau- she felt that to retain Lucilla waa leading all into cers or water in which were bathing paper pho- temptation. Her husband was slow to see the tographs,andeTe:yshelfofbookshadafringe verificationofherreluctantopinion,buthetrust- of others on glass set up to dry. On the table ed to her, and it only remained to part as little lay a paper of looks, a three-tailed artificial barsbly or injuriously as might be.his offices as aclergyman. Then, as if suethit was expected of ina, sha asked for ber youn daughters;butwhentheycame,shelooked< tressed ana perplexed."Bless them, mother, said Robert, bendin-5 over her, and she evidentv accepted this as whafe shewanted; but 4'How—what r' she added; ansb;'taking the uncertain hand, ha guided i t t o t h # beadofeachofhisthreesisters,andprompted! he words of blessing from the failing tongue*Then as Bertha rose, he sank on Ms knees In betf: place, 4lBIessme,bless me, too, mother; t&Sf. me,andpardonmymanyactsofEdf-will."4You aregood—you-grou are a dergymab/*; she hesitated, bewildered. J4'Themora reason, mamma; it will CCmfoiS him." AnditwasPhebswhowonforn«rtoo* therthablessingneededasbalmtoa bleeding' heart.~- --..": s4 The others are away," saidthe dying womaop <cmsybtLifIbadmadethemgoodwhenthey.'memoranda, BIr. Crabbe announced that, as far turn them out. "Well," was all she could say,'.44MissSandbrookhasbewitchedthecamera,"hadtheseeightmonthspastwitfsut thesquab- ble that Owen had predicted vroald send her t o Eiltenbury in a week, but Cilia had decidedly, thoughinsensibly,laidasidemanyoftheseati-and wo shall often see you here."Lucilla's tears were droppingfast; and lookingtime they knew what they were talking «S^T were with ranch interest discussing bis 4*k~ daughter, scarcely turning their heads from" another, till in the midst of dessert the volethathisthoticbtshadtakenafreshturn. \brainexercisesheherselfhadderivedfromKant thevknewnot.bntbiswAvef life soon proved"IfItshouldleasBernfuflwseV'besahl,"it jrev!biscompeers,butthischeekwasallthatwas himCATelcf-9ofdeservingher, anditwa3thoT arovougoingtodotome?" mamma'sroom.*' IshalldepositMariaatTrt,Graham'sasSott-would make an infinite difference." And alter •wanting to give Bertha double scst, and she that she became staid and carewxrn, and her 'Only,^ said tho lady, in her sweet, fall, ira- Immediate duty was her anticipation, gestle as I can get aa answer."waiting for an answer, only given by inquiring .stormed Robert with demonstrations aliout ber youth had lost its bloom, whilo forced ia con- prc^sivc voice, "to beg'you will indeed be h»ppy tendance from tho sense of misery, and, though "Really," continued Angnsta, "Pbxsbe looks,hocontinued—*'Asshots now, it woalt ;"I"andher"notI,"arid despised him foThi* sciencetocondemnthe companion of her girl- ingivingjt>ursclfnocauseforself-reproach. bermother'srestlessfeebleness Deeded constant look very creditable by-aod4)y,when shopatience andnever be cahex whatever may* , $0l»V ^» <V. US.i]l c1 "It'strikes ma ttfif,? W ] J . : „that ho would extract a reply, ho answered that he could tell nothing satistactory of his brother,riety, seeking to outshine and dazzle the ladies ofe You have been a good chlM, m y deaf: I wishhad done more for you a l l /"Bear mamma, you have alweys been £0kind."44 They didn't teach me liketo bo given up, bat there was a means of fulfil? ling her mother's charge, and saving Maria frou the private iaiot asylam; and for that objjf Phoebe was ready to embrace perpetual seclasKS with the dullest of widows*. Sue found her slsl (a*disiu.j*iM,£lh.vlj CftVviiiC fiM^^t-3fc»*I^Jrlx> mine,te-A-iMUW^3, JJiOX <&#»Southminster, playing off Castle Blanch fascina- and he did not know whether hs were in town or tions on curates &nl minor can*ns, and some-alltherestolthotvernrw.Phoebe's curiosity was roused, and ?he triedra"* methodical earoestness in study b^red her, and .sho w*s sick of restraint and application, J\or was thi* likely to be mer*ty apass-Pilate's qofc-tion, "What is truth in was be- fore fcer.liberty by his father's deaUi, appeared at Sat- at libertyhappiness since that has ten in being provoking, couldn't purpwelv vex yoa, even if I were youradopted child!"tonv Cecily did not waver, and her parents op-Robert alone was near at hind.At night Phcebe sent Boodle to bed; bnt MissFennimore insisted en sharing her popil's watch.don't know what I shall do without my otic^] glass of wine—when I am so low, t*o V V "A fine mistress of the house, indeed," *xl<'lheld her decision, that it would be a sin to unitethe morning." said Mrs. Prendergast. "It 11not do to give Sarah's natural irritabilityThosewhodailysaw Mrs. Fulmort scarcelyknewwhethertoattributehe;increasing inval-idism to debility or want of spirits; and hopeswerebuiltonsummerheat,till",when it came,it prostrated her strength, and at hut whensomacasualailmenthad'confinedhertobed,there was no rally. All took alarm; a physicianwas called in, and the truth was disclosed. There, off h«r last macaroon i a her hand. Before s h ;SheJad" at first, by the use cf all her full- grownfaculties,beenjustabletokeepsufficient-/bufpoor papa told me. wwtobere!ugiouf,andyour poor papa would sot lave liked ft. PhosSe, you know more than Ide, Youdon'tthinkGodwiUbebardwith> me,dovou? Iamsuchapoorcreature:but thereistheBloodthattikesiviy sin."disarmthembythecharitiesofwhichSt.Mat- thew's was the centre;Mrs. Fulmort,' tod thenI shallgo—-" ± Presently she moved uneasily. 4£Obi Phcebe,; lfMy dear, I did not like the voice that I placeonly prepared theway for another, and Mrs. lamsotiredi.jKothicgrestsme.*' f~£1 amsureIwasso*oatofteamer."4Well,Iamsureanvonewouldbevexed." 'Cannot yoa tell me what was tha matterring, nor are you so sure when nothing has gone wrong. Whit was it ?""It is that photography, mamma. Miss Sand- brook is so busy with it! I could not copy in mytranslationthatIdidyesterday,becauseshe hadnotlookedoverit,anilwhenshesaidshe was coming presently, I am afraid I said it was alwavs presently and never present. I beliere I did say it crossly, and I am sorry I denied it," andpoorSarah'svoicewaslowandmeeken- ough."Coming? Whereisshe?"4'In the dark chamber, doing a positive of tha^Inleed?" 4save her daughter from being' fretted by inter-ruptions,fcusdthatheranseyanceaveretenfoldincreased, and irritation, were almost habitual.Theywerethemoredisappointingbecausethegirl preserved through them all suchapas5ionateadmiratioa for her beautiful and charming little take poor Maria with me! Tbey don't l&ebar' governess,that,except!utheveryheight ofa here,andshewillbeteasedandputabout."44Well,veupattern-pupil,111comepresently. won'tlc*yougo. PRwritetoPeter! Hewon't"If not," said Cilia, 4tit is because you are tooinnocent to know flirting when you see it! Dear Mr?.Prendergast,!didntthink"youwouldhaveitwasinanalmostwellpleasedtonethatshelightly: but it is plain'tfcat wo do not mean the ;same thing.""In fact, yea; in your quietness, think awful- iyofthatwhichforyearswastomelikebreath- WeceoldneveThavemadeberhappyhere."ing ! I thought the tasto was gone forever, but vonsee"—andhersweet,sadexpressionpleaded forfcer—*youhavemademeso hanmr thattheAt first there WASnothing to do; the patient had. o c s p l * - ' K > w i t b a d b e e n , w h e n w e e > i w e r e v e n t e d h e r f r o m p r a c t i s i n g f o r s o m a t i m e . P r e - * s S « u s « a « n i d t e u s wc r l i S b e i J d h l » e r • « g o i n g a b o u t t h e n e x t m o n t ' s a t t e n t i o n . * , b u t t h e a t t r a c t i o n b a d a l - s a t b y t h e b e d , t E e g o v e r n e s s a t t h e w i n d o w , 4 W T « t w a s t h a t ? T o k e e p u s a l l . ? "r-cenfktcnce> it seems, ruurmatoi Ivej&tly charmed.Lady Acton. "It is well Mervyn's absurd notiuiUhcreUct ;, » ^ 5 . ^ . «T ready gone so far that repression rcaleredhim v h 0 There scntly she found Mm Handing bv her, bis: f>.co tnorr.ir.c looking 8* though sonie cue. had beenunecctipiod save by their book*. Phxbe WAS Phcebo, catching at the hope.left then t o w i w j W w i o g j TM « » » « 5 v«-•* t*wt more time iOt KOOW* to JCC-K too brute." _ - . r* wAsYar worse to bear softer than usual, "Where did you get that, killing fcer, but going through her dulie*** the more assiduous. *nd often bore the a«peet reading Miss Maurice's invaluable coansels tollh.e^ttl^f*f^^lUc^liu.t"'Not MAria r»r the governess, Y oa Phoebe?" ' calmly and gcntlv a* ever, thocgk preyed en by (if it wcro not absolutely the coyness) of coquet- tba nurse* of the dying. Miss Fennimore had r»t flatter y<vnmlf," said Jali&a*; ">.* laid h\*«Itis Haydn's. I learnt it jasl after Miss tho misery ef tke parting in anger, and tho ry. While deprecating frorr« her heart any at- tho bible. wouldn't hwe them at any price; and as to kewproperty wanted • head. Matters came to poor or word from her was such an agr-xabtc titilla- fel*, which, t o her ?nTptr»^, enchained her atten-«poke Mrs. Fulmort for decision which were uurteatd- tion. that everything elfe became slat, and her«>fmysteriesand distresses to her, even when ho-ufsintheschool-roomanimprisonment. Sa- beyondthepowerofsnchsimpleword.«.>Sho realtyShut"Did Robert consent to Mana's gorng t ,Ph*be, ioslrccted by tho steward, did her ot-rrtosi to explain, and tell be? what to do. Itweull end by feeble, bewildered looks and tearsstarting on the pala cheeks, and "» aon-t know,my dear. It goes through my head. Your poorpapa attended to those thi nga. I wish your bro- even when he hsd returned to his tutor, lookup. Phcebe was raking her mother,and and <&t cold dinners on SurMlay," ther would come homo, loll them to write to Lucilla was not restored to her better self. Her Misa Fennimore was needed to support the p]»him." craving for excitement bad been awakenoi, and"They"' wrote, and Phoebe wrote, but in vain, her repugninco to mental exertion had been no answer came: and when she wrote to Robert yiclikd to. Ihe routine of le>so»3 had becomefor tidings of biervya's move-neats, entreating bondage, and she sosghtevery, occasion of va-www.fultonhistory.com\^\M.*46vi3U tiIM"»w«ii^frfor having made you so good and dear, and let- = faults,Lucillawasimprovedbyherresidenceat ting me have some,comfort ia one ofrajroom with barred light through the Venetiaa duty was to her child, her second to the nephew Robsrt arrived t h e next dsy« H i s metke?^Each exhibitions."Pale, ashamed, discomfited, Sarah turned the flavor of the ice-pudding, Augusta not oolvwas no formed disease; but her husband's death,absentson'sanddaughtersought to bo warned that the end might be very near.Honor as lovingly and gently as possible, spoke to Phoebe. The girl's eyes filled with tears, but''Yes! She felt that she was going to him"Bnt ihsolbers?" «id!*«!*?old self isYomo back." There wa?T* silence, Wbatdidbeaay? That the others should be 4Tdon*tmInd~undertAkir^Ikrtba,"saMI^f"Jbrokenbvthisstrangegirlsaying. "Well,what writtento? Iwilltakemy ca.«eand write ia Acton. "Iknowofagood echooHorher,«a'4*hood, yet enable to take back the heart onco be- "I'm past that," $,\id Lucilla, with a smile 00 waiting on, her fear notes were completed before more color, and not all this crape. Peri|stow«i,thoughsolongneglected. her1ipandatearinhereve. *'I'venotknown poet-time, Aagnstawaseating red mullet ia shallgetmarriedbytheendoftheseascu;Bat when Merww. declaring himself only so that sensation since my father died. My chief Gnemosy, JnlianAwascuaroand of visits inSincere was LnciUa'a intention to remote herregular habits, and pat a stop to Francis B;aa- fallen into a fceaw slumber, and the daughter is impossibla."(oa and JiiTeMigation,as shewculd bare thoughtHarnp*tcad?' asksd Phcebe, ''Robert—whathashetodowithit? Hoi1th*-1! Nw) *h«»,«T»t?Hon 0? Mffj FcnfilnsEre's boarded with tome clergymati's widow," sail Yii$t evil, Fes *i*«vkdd p*»e«vi we»e in Iit>uaanal life, and she felt a ?iaak and a disappointment Augusta; 4'bnried in some hole, I suppose, .Southminster WAS his only English home. Nay, as it stood unanswered. A movement made her r-wRe them like himself—go to church every dnjlaw*."Phoebe, my de?r, ttc yen here ?"" I should liko t o « e Bertha doing tbat," saic^ Joliana, laughing."Yes, dear mamma. I always am."Charlc-were little, they would not have left me now." " Whilestrivingtoloininprayerforthem,sheTMervynlastofall,onlyjustintunaforthefu-S neral. . . \ Phcebe did not see him till tho evening dfe> would have spoken, turned round sharply, it, when, .having spent the day nearly alortef "Don't, don't, mamma; I won't come away un- she descended to the late dinner, and, after. the,lessyoupromisenottopunishherformytem- quietnessinwMcbshehadlatelylived,cudwith• per.Youhavemindedthosehorrid,wicked, allthetendernessfromfreshsueellng,itseemed150 voice!""He said something about getting tket*But the agony of helplessness that had off pressed Phcebo was relieved. She saw an cutlett "Phoebe, my dear,'I think I am soon going. and cosld form a resolution. Homo might bar!Nobody evertold m V r-T^-fc;.v^>*.Vi;«~*«<./,-*•-/V « ** i.;;>. ,J..Xi 