 6IYEW YORKHERALB.a l E I OUIOOI SJKBBSBTT, amop AMS raoraiBOB.KEWYORK HERALD, SATURDAY,SHEET, •mmtTt • P * < a > date,perhapsItwouldbeaswellforOaNorthUcLt>J*»*^^ r * That,word fashion of tea fc.endtoeSouttea^toaMapOMforthemselves equal to tk* .*—"ISoxrzr _ WEMMirm rxstt *v~zUnitedStatesaadbytheSupremeCourt;aa<iif Lincoln were President it would be his du*yto sustain the decisions of the Supreme Court,if necessary, by the whole power of the a m ysult of the foree of public opinion, aad the in- fluence of the independent press, whose con- stant exposure of the extravagance aad corruption of the existing system forced thedent T n #The most important news of the budgetHtwt.I* 4.men: for whatever is a cures to the country it the prophet himself to fulfill. tothedutyofallgoodcitizenstodotheir EnropeawComplicationsstaidOar utmosttoremoveandabolish. Now,sofar reignRelatione—AreWs«•Becomeammense amount of Japaaese cramming latterly ciselyastheyconstructtheirownships,ma- fightfortoeChampion'sbelt TheaffairwasSomeaayIttotheliquorinWaabiagtoo;others, chinery,ordnance,andsoforth,pertainingto likethatofLundy'sLane—aterriblyhardtus thecarnivorouspropensitiesanduncleanhabits the service of the federal government And, sle; but In the end the Eagle had rather the of the* Washington politicians; others, the teakbest of i t The old Lion, a terrible braggart in the Niagara; others, that they are afraid ef would not give in to the Eagle, nor give up the Gen. Scott; others, toe natural trepidation belt; whereupon the Eagle offered to fight caused by the prospect even remote, of oomiag again. The Benician hero bad come over re- In contact with a New York alderman; others, solved to have the belt if it could be won by the big guns and steam engines in the navyCare, will go on, step by step/in their demands' pean despatches, of later date than any previously till at last they insist on " the overthrow of themen begin to perceive the advantages thathim for the belt (St Paul's Cathedral would trade then? Itto really awful to think of.havebeenagoodhousefortoepurpose) The Ittomoreprobable,however,thattheJapan- Eagle would even accept the jocose proposi- ese may be so affrighted by the women thatWegivethismorninganumberofImportantEuro-•r erneDmw.CnmsiaaTie forthe a froj li towisi fsay,thatLincolntoaviolentabolitionist,who wouldaccomplishhispurposes by illegalIn- vafcioa ef the Southern States, bat by due proThe bill eatablis ing a _The Chevalier Webb takes exception to an cess of law for if, as Lincoln contends article which wo published on the 30th ult> the master has no legal property in hi-the House on Thursday by the dd. tolve rote die of candidates. Let them select a siatee-er r i " " 1 a n nnutoa em. la which wo stated that Lincoln, the republi- slave; then every negro In bondage m*y can candidate, la a revolutionary abolitionist. be brought up under habeas corpus, aadof chivalry tea qaaattoa ef moetherefore we insert lb another page the prin- endorsed; and it to unfolded at length incipalportionofWebb'sloaderindefenceof Spoooerswork,oneofthetwohandbooksefAbe, together with extracte from the lecture of the republican party—Helper's being the Lincoln himself, delivered in Now York In other. Helper's book advocates John Brown'sto.Itstandsnowexposedasamerepauper system, living npon the pickings and stealings ofthe public treasury. For the last twenty years the Washington press has been kept alive b y this means, and the party press in every State in the Union has been maintained—kept from actual starvation by the drippings of the exe- cutive and legislative kitchens of the several States. The Cagger-Caesidy organ of theFebruary n e t Thai lee tore wan special I y and carefully prepared for thin consstfaUve and Union city, and to consequently far lets radi- cal than bis real sentiments, uttered before audiences of a more kindred aptrit We will take Webb s own article and the moat cautious of all Lincoln s apeeohea, andfromthem show that both gentlemen are .abolitionists. Indeed,they couldnotberepublicansiftheywerenot abolitionists. The republican party to con- fessedly an anti slavery party. It to founded on hostility to slavery, on the ground that itmethod; Spooner a book sets forth Seward's aad Lincoln's legal plan, which would turn the constitution and the Supreme Court into in- struments of abolition. There can be no other method than these two—one best suits one see- lion of the republicans, and the other best suits another; bat both tend to the same goal—the abolition of slavery.These revolutionary books and speeches and acts of the republican leaders, and the lec- tures and speeches of Lincoln in particular, will lead to a crisis which may result in theSayers, If. P. B., oa toe other. The accountof this affair, which was, l a point o f brevity, amodel for all future diplomatic congresses,awakened the liveliest interest among thegoverning classes here. There were, to besure, a few misguided foreigners aad sent!mental republicans who affected to think thethat a gratefulbran*f and wator behind toe bar, and seal him to Parliament. Gully sat for Peatofraet aad way should D0t OAJWI r6pr*9#e%t torn)ay Tower Hamlet*? Aa far lan he ought to be elected to Coagreas farton moral, social and political evil, and ought disruption of the Union, the destruction of allto be abolished. Accordingly Webb says :— the material interests of the country, and In- the same with the party papers in every capi- pute about the belt afford a fine studyla Congress jeaterday the Senate pawed the from believing negro slavery a curse, we re Imbecile KepablHtPeat Ofiee Detoieacy Appropriation bill, and gard it aa a great bleating in the tropical cli- The success of the Garibaldi movement inadopted a resolution directing inquiry concerning mates, aad in the Southern States of our re- Sicily is likely to create the most serious com-the government purchase of the naval depot at plications in Europe; and there are already in-Bruaawick, Oa. In the House a bill was paaaed public—a bleeaing to the slave, to the master, dications that it has produced grave changes in of Congress, exactly as they are spoken inproTidfnf that any United States Harahal, Deputy and to the whole of this Union—one of the the relative positions of several Powers, andMarshal, or other ministerial officer, who •hall per great sources of our national prosperity. Mr. particularly in the relations between EnglandHit the escape of criminals in their cast-dy, Lincoln, on the contrary, aa may be seen by and France.whether charged with offences under the laws of the extracts from his lecture made elsewhere A union of Italy, under the rule of Victorthe Uaited BUtea, or those ef a foreign govern- in our columns, declares that "it to his con- Emanuel, would call into existence a great neat with whom we have treaties of extradition, viction, and the conviction of the republicanahallbedeemedguiltyofamisdemeanor,andshallparty,thatslaverytowrong,"andthattheretomilitarypowerontheMediterranean,which be Sued aad imprisoned according to the discretion would be advantageous to the general deve- el the Court, hiring respect to the nature of the no authority for it in the fundamental law of lopement of commerce, and act at the samecrimes with which the prisoners are charged. Mr. the land—that, in spite of the decision of the time as a check on the power of France in thatWmatew, of North Carolina, then brought before Supreme Court of the United States, which, he sea. The annexation of the kingdom of Naplesthe Bouse the circumstance that the Govode says, came to a hasty conclusion not war- to Sardinia would leave the Papal StatesInvestigating Committee, of which he is- a ranted by fact, "an inspection of the consti- isolated, and soon force them into the ItalianMember,hadrefusedtosubpoenacertainwit. tutionwillshowthattherightofpropertyin Union.Thiswouldthencompriseabouttwelve•eases,bywhomitwasproposedtoprovethat aslaveisnotdistinctlyandexpresslyaffirmed millionsofpeople,abletosupportastand-therepublicanshadusedundueInfluencestocarry inIt;"but,onthecontrary,"theideathat ing army of threehundredthousandmen, Coagre—innalelectionsinPennsylvaniaacoaple therecouldbepropertyinanegrotopurposelyof years ago. In the coarse of the discussion on exclnded from the constitution." This with a national guard of five hundredthis subject, Mr. Tram, of Massachusetts, made use language applies not merely to slavery thousand more behind them, and render0/ remarks whieh induced Mr. Houston, of Ala- in the Territories, but In the States, Mr. Lin- Victor Emanuel one of the potent sovereignsboth houses, without amendment or alteration,bama, to call Mr. Train a liar and a scoundrel. of Europe. That this is the aim of Garibaldi strongly against the present system of public shocked. In their country, when strangers ar-This produced intense excitement, and a vast coln's position being that it to both morally and the present revolutionists in Sicily, and printing that Congress could not help taking the to the controversy, and suggested that rive In a city or village, the women all run awayamountofpalaver,andamotiontocensureMr.andpoliticallywrong,andthatthereisnothroughallItaly,togenerallybelieved. actionithasnowtakenwithregardtoitWeaspecialcommissionofthefightingmembersandbidethemselves.Here,whenadistinguishedHouston. After all parties bad been pretty well warrant in the constitution for Its existence. should be sent out to demand the belt which exhausted with the wordy war, Mr. Houston made The logical consequence from this is that it can Such a consummation to a desirable one for do not charge this corruption specifically upon the Eagle had fairly won; but, as usual when a handsome apology for his unparliamentary con- be abolished throughout the whole Union by England, and to bring it about her statesmen any individuals, for they are all blamable any measure of practical importance comes up, duct, and the Hooae adjourned. Congress, by the Supreme Court and the fede- and diplomatists will make every effort It alike—Wendell and Forney, Bowman and De- Congress did nothing whatever about i t Whileforeigner turns up, the women all run after him, as if they desired to eat him up, aad were afraid there would not be apiece left if they did not make haste.We state the oase fairly to toe women of Manhattan, who are just and generous as they are all lovely. If an Amazoniaa raidto to be made on the Japanese here, we will not be an-The Overland pony express, with San Francisco ral Executive.dates to the 18th alt, reached St. Joseph, Mo., yes- Again, Mr. Lincoln says.— terdayafternoon. This express broughtthemailwould create a counterpoise to the preponde- frees, and the rest were equallymixed up with they can hold on to the spoils, our legislators rating power of Louis Napoleon, which Eng- it—democrats, and republicans were just care for nothing else. The Bird of Freedom landtodesirousofseeing calledintoexistence the same. Buthowabsurdit to to see such mighthavebistailfeatherspulledout and theywhich Wk* mining from the express that arrived on There Is a judfmeat aad a feeling against slaveryla in western and southern Europe. The same Tuesday hut The parcels were all safe. By this this nation whicn oast at least a million aa* a balf of policy which leads England to desire such an arrival we hare important news from Carson Val- votes. You cannot deatroy that judgment and feeling—ley. A party ot 108 volunteers, under Major Orms- tbat seBUmeaw-ky breaxing up the political organiiation event will impel the Napoleonic dynasty towhich rallies around it Ton can scarcely scatter and look upon it with disfavor, and to seek to place by, were attacked on the 11th alt by a band of disperse aa army which has been for aed Into order lathe faes ot your heaviestfire;bat, If yon could, hosr muchhostile Indians, and after a bloodyflghtthe former weald yoo gala by forcing the sentiment which sreated itupon a new throne in Naples some scion of itswere compelled to retreat Of the entire party .out of the peacelul channel of the ballot box Into some own. In these conflicting interests we have a bat thirty-eight reached the settlements alive, other channel. motive for the conflicting policies, the foresha- though it is possible that some of the missing were The plain meaning of this language is, dowing of which has already created a feeling subsequently found by the searching parties sent that the anti slavery republican organization,cat. Major Ormsby wax among the number killed. whether by the ballot box and the peaceful Active preparations were immediately set on foot operation of the laws, or if driven to it by force bytiecitiaensofthevarioussettlements,bytheofarms,todestinedtosweepawayslavery, authorities of California, and by Gen. Clarke, of themen as Haakin, Hickman, Pry or and others would not interfere.United States Army, to pursue and punish theEngland—about five-sevenths of the wholerootandbranch—toabolish"thecurse."And,key;anditisassertedthatshehasthe theLionforthebelt;or,evenbetter,theEagle,abraceofdeaddiplomatstosendbacktothewould accrue to the British empire from a divi- published, which throw additional light upon the free State constitutions, which declare the sion of the effects of 'the sick man of Europe." complicatedaffairsofEurope.Wealsopublishade-wrongofslaverywithmoresolemnemphasis Germany,too,toequallyanxiouswithEnglandtionofMr.Punch,andtakehalfthebelt theywillnotcomehereatall—Inwhichcase Could anything be more accommodating than where would the hotel keepers, opera aadMr. Lincoln more distinctly announced in his speech on the 17th of June, 1858, at the closeAustria, just as his uncle did; or he may seek to control the new movement by affiliating withwould go no further than that He did not pur-pose tofightagain. He did not purpose to do rectly, to refrain from running after the Em- anything in particular. He wound up his let- bassy, and more especially to abstain from ter with a poor joke and some characteristic caressing Tommy, or any other of the youngof distrust in both countries, and which will noout of the way at once and forever. of the P. R., which has lately become quite toe example* of the Washington belief.ornate and dignified in its style. The Eagle toe effect would be terrible. WeTHE VALCE OF COTTON TO THE WORLD—LVTE- made the moat ample, amiable and accommo. should not be surprised If the Ambassadorsdoubt b e stimulatedtheir own purposes.to excite again the Christian population of Tur-b y other interests for Russia has already begunRxsrao FACTS AND STATISTICS.—The sum paiddating propositions to the Lion: the Eagle ripped themselves openjand expired oa oarconsent of England up to a cer- The amount exported to England to 1,882,500,- 000 lbs., which, when converted into manufac-savages, and protect the people and emigranttrainsfrommolestation saysthattheSouthernStates,tomeetthiswar-tainpointPerhapstheEnglishstates- tleman,wouldjumpoffthetopofahousewithsay?WhatwouldbecomeofthegreatJapantured goods, to valued at half the declared value of all the exports from England. The wagespaidinEnglishcottonfactoriesamount annually to $125,000,000, and those employedtroopsatCatataflai;whilstthenewsfromNaples,justifiablywithholdthisonanygroundsave mayseektopreventtheconsummationofa to$750,000,000.2,000,000tonsofshipping, thebelt Ittoassacredastheturbanofthe theyshouldimmediatelyproceedtoholda given this morning, shows it to be only a band of in- our conviction that slavery is wrong." united kingdom In Italy, by sustaining the and 20,000 men are employed in carrying the Prophet to the true believer. He admitted meeting in the Academy of Music, and pass aspatch from Palermo; also onefromNaples, similar than do all other sayings against it, and hold- to see a counterpoise created to France, andto that furnished us by a passenger per the Arabia, ing, as they do, that slavery to morally right, with Russia to eee discord rule between the number at least 1,500,000 persons, young and this?dated Rome, which, with the Palermo despatch, was and socially elevating, they cannot cease to cabinets of London and Paris. Thus Louis Na- old. It to calculated, moreover, that at leastpublished inyeetarday sHxaALD. Prom the despatch demand a full national recognition of it as a 6,000,000 people besides are dependent upon Mark, now, the conduct of the Lion! He de-published hi yesterday's issue, it would be inferred poleon may be forced to adopt one of two those employ ee. The capital sunk in machinery clined all the Eagle's amiable offers. Hethat Garibaldi bad been defeated by the royal legal right and a social blessing. Nor can we equally dangerous lines of policy for him. He for spinning, weaving, printing, &c., amounts "laughed to scorn7' the proposition to mutilate we suggest to the women of New York thatsurgents,andnotGaribaldi,thatwasdefeated.All Here,then,totheirrepressibleconflictwhich Popeandformingsomenewcombinationwithraw material to England. Besides, the mainte-tbattheEaglewashisequalinpluck,but resolutionpledgingthemselvesbytheirhopesaccounts of the movements of the latter clearlynhow that victory has crowned every effort, andthat the royal troops are only too anxi< is to get of the Republican State Convention at Spring- the revolutionary idea, and, if he cannot pre- public funds, the prosperity of bankers, billout of the reach of hi* gnna. field, 111., where he had been nominated as can- vent the political union of the Italian penin- discounters, money brokers, merchants, and an The steamship Vanderbilt, which sailed from didate for United States Senator. He then and sula, strive to make it such an exaggerated one Innumerable host of mechanics and artisans—inbrag. And so the matter remains; in statu quo fellows attached to the Legation. The situa- SouthamptonMayIS,withthreedays'laternews,theresaid:— aswillinsureitsearlydisintegration. short,thebulkofthenation—aredependent anteVellum,withtheAmericanEagleonawartiontoimportant Thecrisisisimminentis due at this port te-daj. Slavery agitation will act cease until a crisis shall have upon i t What if the crop should fail, er warIn the Circuit Court yesterday Jndge Smalley been reached aad passed. A house divided against itself In all of these things there exists the prevent its importation! How fearful would sentenced Albert W. Hicks, alias Johnson, convict- cannot stand. Tea government cannot endure perma- germ of grave complications in Europe, whlcied of piracy on board the oyster sloop E. A. John- nently half slave aad aatf free. It will become all one t e the consequences! Individual add nationalfooting. /We may lose the Japanese altogether. South street Expects every woman to do her duty. Let the meeting be called it once.THE SLAVE TRABI FLorwsHnro.—Another slaver—this time sailing under French colors- hasbeencapturedoffthecoastofCubabyoneWhile the principals were^tiius engaged, cer- aoE. to be hanged on the 13th of July next The thing or ail the other. threaten to make the present summer one ruin, bankruptcy, revolution aad anarolij. tain very distinguished personages had takenexecution is to take plane on Effia' or Bedloe's According to these words, the force of which of most anxious import to every in- Nor would England alone be the sufferer. Half the matter up. It was discussed in Parlia Island, as the Marshal may direct The court room no man can mistake or dispute, there must be terest The state of things on that con- the civilized world would be involved in hope- ment, and the Premier, in his usual jaunty way, waadenselycrowdedby spectatoritowitnessthe complete uniformity in the locallawsofthe tinent to ripening to a general war, lessmisery. Whocandoubtthattheabolition triedtosmooththings overwithfinespeeches.proceedings, aad, for thefirsttime since his arrest, several States on the question of slavery, and or a general revolution, and with our of slavery would be the abolition of cotton, The journals took the same course, and many of our cruisers, and its cargo ef five hundredthe prisoner appeared to lose his self-controL a conflict will rage between the free and the widely extended commerce either event and the abolition of cotton would be the anni- Ten thirty dollar licensee wore granted yesterday slave States which will never cease till slavery to fraught with great dangers to us. Who- hilation of civilization.persons of high rank became suddenly veryfondoftheEagle,andwerenevertiredofsay- makesthenumberofrescuednegroesadwIZbytheExciseCoaamamioaera.Theyinformusthatiseitherestablishedinallorabolishedinall— everreflectsforamomententheeventsfrom thirty to forty blank papers axe taken from which complicated our relations and harassed themdailyby rosailints liquordealers withan whichlatter, according to Mr.Lincoln,totheultimateviewofobtaininglicensesbeforethefinalendforwhichtherepublicanpartytoorgan- ourtradefromthebreakingoutofthefirstWhen the events which, we are told, are to ing what a nice bird he was, and so on. Through precede thelast day,commence,civilization! ourMinister,Mr.Pallas,twooftheconfreres,or law, order and morality will have ebbed away "pals"—to use a professional term—oi the pu-Florida abou, ttleea. hundred, who wffl hare to bemaintainedduringtheirstay,andreturned to their homes in Africa, at a vast expense toeaterday no quo warranto had bean append for J SL3CS Hi" * * t*^*** «sataeataas,tbatfon the part of Mr. Piatt, the newly appointed City can I 2£k?!?;£ I B ^8 t M d V "biaek rtJPuM* dition of an imbecile republic. Party conflicts Vandal were la Rome. Perhaps it will be fa- did snooean in this remarkable diplomatic moment, several others fitting out for the sameJUNE 2, 1860.-TRIPLEe or tat auii wawmsnatatto represent the different sections. But they panose. Then the h -toaad the Idea am by office, and demolishing the presentc orrup lyl must aot put forward available men, for avail- sally forth, head intern ef conducting the public prating, peesed able men are always the worst and most imbe lucre- It comes down fronfof 120 to 56. and it now remains for thC Senate maa from each section, some man who enjoys and while toe Eagle wtil aot abject" toto take like action upon it aad make it t law public confidence, and thus they may entirely British gold as toe liege, eee fit te girewholerepublicanpartyItabolitionisttadtheinane it baa raised, and which i t now before thecountry, is the abolition of slavery. TheChevalier does not like the name, forgettingthat n "rone will smell na sweet by any otfcerDame." It U the thing and not the name thatis of any real consequence. Things, however, This vary method of ahoHshinf slavery to in- attention which the independent press ef the brought by the Arabia, aad duly spread before may as well be called by theirrightnames. WeWe might have gone further, and said that the ast free under the constitution of theThepassageofthisbillintoeHousetothet?-revolutionizethesystemofelectingaPresi- theLionwillneverbetiredofdonot wiah to do any injustice to "Honeat AbeLincoln,*' nor to the republican party, anddicated in Mr. Seward's speech in the United States Senate, which Webb so enthusiasticallycountry has drawn upon the question of public oar readers oa the day before yesterday, was printing at Washington, aad the revelations that appertaining to the treaty of amity aad elicited by the investigating committees, haveshown what a miserable thing the party press oommeroe concluded between toe amerlaaaand navy. Yet Webb says if Lincoln would dothis, "ne honest man should veto for him." adoption of that measure upon Congress. Thepaw for American dollars. The ftfea so- mented by atnteal pecuniary iotereet Is ateof all la thisforth hasplaced by a ChemicalAfter the heroes ha Eagle,asrepresentedbytheHonorableJohnC. baggedallthecaah,Bayers•atjsjsjtoae*afHeenan, Benicias Achillea, on the one part, and from pmblio lata, eamepeai A s wmmmmmtji the British Idea, aa represented by Mr. Thomas his days in Inglorious ease. It to to be haaedAlbany Regency, the ABa*\Arg*s, and the movements of Garibaldi in Sicily of more oon- Ufa, la order to teach msaaara to the bailiesAlbany Evening Journal, the representative of sequeace than those of a pair of professionalwho are always talking about fighting, aad never doing itTHX JAPANKSK ANO THX LAJDOS.—Accounts. from Washington state that the Japanese offi- cials are seriously exercised In their minds, aaf aot a little frightened, at the strange scenes aa<the Weed Regency, are both supported in thisway. According as the friends of each are In general opinion of toe public ran in quite thepower, the drippings are poured into their hungry mouths, and thus they are preserved from death by absolute inanition. And It tothe condition of thoae Buffering from the afflic- in all its terrors, the irrepressible conflict their very means of existence by plunder. Farnborough commons attracted the attention that they begin to look apoa their contemplated tion.''Thistotheveryessenceofabolitionism.whichSewardprefiguredatRochester,'and andexcitedtheadmirationoftheentirecivil-journeytopjewYorkwithfearaadtrembUag,"Slavery is a great and blighting cone," and ternecine confusion and bloodshed of the moat tal and every State all over the country—the for the philanthropist, the politician and "hetoreadytodoallinhispowertoalleviatefearfuldescription.Andthenwillberealized,meanestandmostimbecilejournalsreceivingthesocialphilosopher.ThefightonqueerpeopleaboutthecapitalItissaidalasIf the republicans believe slavery to be a Should the bill establishing a govern- TRIPLE SHEET. "great and blighting curse," it follows logically Lincoln proclaimed before him at Springfield in ment printing office become a law, the govern- that they are abolitionists, if they are honeat oracular language, which it to the mission of ment ought at once to put in operationized world, except Lord Loraine and a few old aad thaTOey wiah themselves well out of thea department to do all their own printing, pre-and the Eagle of Columbia had a fair atand upmore than, this, they should publish a daily paper at Washington, containing the debatesnance of the national credit, the security ofof Heaven by-and-by, aad Japanese silks di-of the Excise Board far the present year toed, to not the conclusion therefore inevita- French revolution until we were finally driven Theywfflholdanothermeetingthismora-ble,thatMr.Lincolnto"arevolutionaryaboli-intowarourselvesin1812,youngandweakasconsiderablyfromthisworld.ThecausesofgilistswerepresentedtoHerGraciousourgovernmentThistotheJtfairdorfourthtionist?*' In a speech delivered at Cincinnati, UptothetimeeftheadjournmentoftheCourta inSeptemberlast,hesaid:—wethenwere,willseehowgravetotheaspectthattremendousrevolutionmostbesomethingMajesty,andsunnedthemselvesforsixtyslaver,freightedwithitshumancargo,which ofpresentaffairsforus. Andyetrecentevents strongenoughtoupheavenationsinamanner seconds, or thereabouts, In the efful- hasbeeacapturedintheGulfwithinaamany *«»9*etrnte that we are sinking into the con- HDknown even in the days when the Goth and gent beams of royalty. Mr. Dallas' splen- weeks; aad there are, no doubt, at this verycan. i max slavery Itsawrong, morally aad nolinoallvWe understand that the delay is as- I desire that It should be ^ furti^apreadmlaese and personal aspirations for the Presidency mine aad idleness that wffl inaugurate those feat quite obliterated the aouveaier of his un traffic in several of our Northern ports. Neverhy the necessity of sending to Albany for of the Attorney General.In the Methods* Conference atday, a resolution to the eJbct that t aAtfmsaa^eralavevyftn the DmcspJtae breonCnHeo States, aad I should not object II Usbouid^radT have displaced the motives of statesmanship terrible days which are to come, aad how aeon patriotic conduct in refusing to help a "true did the slave trade appear to be in as flourish- aa>tsrsabtaiewthewholeDaaasT^••satwograea-andnationalpolicyintheSenate,andthead-weknownot;aaditmaybethatabolitionismAmerican'"tosellsomeCatawbawinetosome-ingaconditionasBOW.TheactivityofourIs not the whole ground covered by these ministration finds itself foiled in every step re- few words, which conclude with a happy eu- garding our foreign relations by a petty spirit phemismforthetermabolition!Andtonotofpartisanopposition.Thecourseofthe the republican candidate nailed by his own black republican Senators in rejecting the language, which we quote from Greeley's edi- recent treaties with Nicaragua and Mexico onis destined to be the instrument by which the prophecy of the Apocalypse shall be fulfilled.rMFAsunoss i3i New Yonx to SLAUGHTERDoTOLAs.-The organs of the Albany Regencynational vessels hat so far sueceededfatpre- venting the landing .of negroes fat Cuba aad Porto Rico, bat at aa immense expeaee to thetion of his speeches? In another speech, deli- party grounds alone, reduces our government are beginning to show preparations and indica- vered at Alton. October 15, 1858, Mr. Lincoln to a condition of imbecility in our foreign re- tions of their intention to abandon Douglas atsaid:—(P»vtta») asaaTMbody who didn't want it, and it to whisperedin court circles that a very high personagewould aot have been violently affronted if theBoy himself had been presented. The Em- Uaited States government aad people. Mean- pressoftheFrenchtoknowntobedyingto timeEngland,withallheroutcryagainstthelatione that to pregnant with immense evils tothe country. We cannot doubt that-when thesecome to be palpable, as they soon will be- of doors—with the expectation of puttingthe Baltimore Convention to cut his throat,see him.All this was vastly entertaining; but finewords butter no parsnips.and get no belts. The Boy was not to be put off without h b belt, and so a congress of the parties was arranged. The scene was a solemn aad important one.inhumanityofslaveryandtoeslavetrade,Is doing nothing to preveat the running off of negroes from the African coast »or to abe tax inganystepstocompelSpaintoadheretobar treaty stipulations to suppress the illegal traffic.slaughter him outright, aad cast his body oatforward aa insignificant politiciaa, bnt one ofmiserable counsellors. But that will not re- the* own school, Horatio Seymour. The or- The Congress of Vienna the meeting of Na-come, the people wffl reject such patty andTan OTSTXB auoor TnAoanr—CoxvjcrKai urn SxNTKNca or HICKS.—In the United Stataa tor winds up hb argument by any- trial interests aad our national fame will hare the manifestations unqueationably poiat in this Tilsit, the Convention at Paris, were interest- Circuit Court yeaterday the murderer Hicka •»«•eeasufficient numberofcon- suffered,beforethepeoplecanhavetimetoact direction. It to very probable that there ingfattheirway,butthis confronting ofthe was awarded the fell penalty of the triple^ ^ wtTLll*•wpl,w,0•,l"*• throughtheusualchannelsof expressingtheir willbemoretroubleat Baltimore than there EagleandtheLionwaswithout a parallel in criinoofwhtehbewasconvictod. Hewassen- will-, nor wffl it restore the advantages we shall waa at Charleston. Itmay be tbat time,in- the annals of Christendom, or the rest of man- tenced to be hung oa Ellis" Island or BedloVewill soon beheadTM?? " * * " " * " ^ "***its ultimate extinotUsl *** **** ***bar* lostAn early rebuke of these quarrels,atoet of ministering to harmony and union,wujoaly have increased the bitterness aad waa brief, aad resulted like all diplomatic oase does not come within the jurisdiction efWW the Chevalier Webb, M man, now deny that Lincoln to Perhaps the word •'extinctfoniarand this foolish party spirit on the part of the blaek republican Senators, should be given by w m a s s of the people, which, however partisansuit .JuT?* d#a»*f°irue8maybeblindedby u lw, kw}IlJ Untitled Documentacrimony of feeling which broke up the Con to the 18th of this month.meetings—that to, nothing waa decided about the State, toe new law poatooning toe execu- the belt, except that it was to be laid ap la tion of criminals for twelve months after sen- lavenderaadtheofficeofBeW$Life,openfortencecannotbeappealedtoforthepurposeofhim bettor.We did net say, and do nottSSJff**^ * ^» J aLiretothe r»raii> r\*w+m + s*_ PSSBOH n r {BJ demo- evwervy,bjody to puyunmch;iiearcsthcuotvhueirv'rs•henaedsosufoirvrit1 delay.wUikind, as far as we have g o t The conferenceIsland oa the 13th of July next; aad, as the** an honorablemedy the evils that our commerce, our indus- gana are beginning to show their hands, andpoleon aad Alexander on the historic raft atpugiltots; but it is refreahing to know that theopposite direction.The details of the settlement of the dis-country. Various causes >have beea aasigned tors in the United States. The Lion of Albion by philosophers, who have beea doing aa Im-ladies at Exeter Hall, and milk and water edi-as welt as all such communications as the ad-ministration mayfindnecessary to make pub- bard knocks. The Lion was equally resolved yards. But tbey are all wrong. The trouble islic, thus cutting themselves off entirely from that the belt should not go out of the fast-an- about toe American women. The Japaaese the party newspapers. These things come le chored and foggy isle. The question imme- have been overwhelmed in a sea of crinoline. gitimately within the scope of a government diately assumed gigantic importance. Down- They have been encompassed by hoops of steelingstreetwasterriblyagitated.TheHomeTheyhavebeenstaredoutefcountenanceby sures the extravagance and corruption in con- Secretary was nearly bored to death by people the bright eyes of Columbia's maids aad nection with the public printing, which for who came to see him about the belt Lord matrons in Congress assembled. Wherever years past have grown to be gangrenes upon Palmerston took the greatest interest in the they have been, there has been the aasse the body politic, will be cut ut o with one vigor- matter, ami Cambridge House was the scene of impenetrable wall of American female chatter-ous sweep of the knife. many anxious conferences between the Premier ing, flirting, staring, giggling, wondering, Thesucceesofthisbilltodueentirelytothe andtheUnitedStatesMinister,ailaboutthebeltguessing,reckoningorcalculating,accordingeffortsoftheindependentpress.Ittoprecisely TheeditoroftheLondonTimesreceivedscorestothelineofcountryfromwhenceshehails. themeasurewehavebeencontendingforin oflettersallaboutthebelt Ifithadbeenthe ThefemininerushaftertheJapanesehasbeea thesecolumnsforyears,untilatlastthecor- CrownjewelsHeenandemanded,therewould somethingtremendous;andastheatmospherehave been no more fuss about them than there of Washington to not favorable to the growth ruptions we have exposed, over and over again, was about the belt While all this was going of modesty, the Ambassadors have beea terriblyhave carried the weight of popular opinion so on we directed the attention of Congressprinting bureau, and by adopting such mea-endeavoring to fasten charges of corruptionuponcertainpersons,whentheyareall,every OntheotheraideoftheAtlantic,however, swerablefortheconsequences. TheJapaneseone of them, engaged In the same schemes.If the Senate pan this bill, as they ought tothe affair waxed warmer aad warmer. Heenan, are a singular people and have queer customs, despairing of the result which he coveted, wrote one of which is suicide when they are frighten-, a letter to the London Times. The document to ed, or bored, or disgusted with anytotag'do, we hope to see the whole plundering sys-tem of public printing as it now exists swept a splendid specimen of the peculiar literature If all the women in New York imitateannuallytotheSouthforcottonconsumedinwouldfight,race,row,wrestleorswimwithhands.Thenwewouldbeinanicefix,within the concluding portion of the lecture, he American crop—to estimated at $150,000,000. placing his talons .on the paw of the old gen- Tycoon. What would Mr. Townsend Harristheatre managers, and Broadway shopkeepers, be? Plunged In affliction, we should aay.In view of all these terrible probabilities,Africans conveyed to Key West This capture aetitaal interest and the national honor.UW1JVThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comwawpar^tonaite«a^iallyaB<maByca^mala is* A - a » u «AA1»lw».-L*V« - ^ M — ..t.V ILL. 