 '1JIPersons subject to biliouM disorders will derivemy mind stamps your present efforts with iafamy. You say you differ with me as to the fact as- serted by me that the South is still intent on thei•%.;|vIdesired agitation, but sought to close the contro- You assert that the election of Lincoln by Free sist from all political action respecting Slavery versy so soon as might be on just and reasonable cooperated with them thirdly, are responsible forR '*ifholder may establish it there actually. H o w you tax-payer has no right to claiav'the interference of- '"••3f~"%$z*-Mif 11miiiriinm i Hi iririiaMaMaaHMMMBWr"I'Mthe boys will be there. ThesteamshipBohemian,withEuropeandateslabored incessantly to bring about such an adjust- ment, though I am not aware that any efforts Were madebyyoulookingtosucharesult. Ishouldbetonly, recklessly, wickedly—and yet you are doingbecause "made by the stronger geographical sec- all intention, forego all effort, to ^xtend their t i o n combined against the weaker, on questions " peculiar institution" beyond ihe}r own limits."pertaining chiefly to the domestic policy of the Thenceforward, I will oppose Slavery in Virginia "weakerStates." But,Governor!sucharehot orelsewhereexactlyasIopposeIntemperanceor.#-•1*"'.;-i * .other reason than that the*e gentlemen are opposed to the elec- tion of Abrsham Lincoln. If T H K TKIBCNK means to befoul everydecentmanwhoiaagainsttheRaU-Splitter,wethinkit will have to enlarge the present staff of rough-writers.."We make no complaint of the style of language ,here employed, so foreign to the usual courtesy and moderation of speech which prevail in Theeven of the untruth, of this paragraph. B u t w eauthor of the repeal of the Missouri Compromise. Do they think it is fidelity to one set of principles to vote for the representative of principles wholly. opposite ? Is it consistent with decent respect for Col. Bell and Mr. Everett to use them merely as counters in a game of chance played with hostile candidates? Is it consistent with the dignity ofsincere political convictions to bargain away your suffrage to the uncompromising adversaries of those opinions ? If Mr. Lunt and Mr. Hillard are in favor of 'Commercial Politics, of triple intrigue,LADD,WEBSTER&,Co.'sIMPROVEDTIGHT- commendyouasapoliticalaspirant;andyouthenthatthetriumphoftheRepublicanpartyiscertainlymeantwhatthosevotesimply;Ideemedgle—aretherebytobeachievedoradvanced;yousubject.4 *fc•Business Notices.DAIL YJUL Y<-'tr. CALL DISEASE is the consequenceofthisifemous deed. ; / : 7 You, Mr. Hunt! profess to condemn this flagi-Jo.v .Aad Co be cused the impurities must be tsken'from the bloo i. or the irregularities of it* eoustitucnU most bo corrected. Simple£K«?TUTIB« ur T U B BLOOD,TUESDAY, JULY 31, I860.T0OORSX8P0NJ>SNTS.•athiaMemn, there are few of the doctor* of any school whocomprehendit*meaning. Thosewhodoshouldbeverythank- Nonotice©anbetakenofAnonymousCommunications. What- itthatthey,affirmedimportanttruth,audishouldf ut fox that anderstandiag. by which their own health and that of their patients is measurably in their power. I have faithfully endeavoredtoperformtoydutyiaannouncingthefactthatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer—not neoessarily for publica- tion, but as a guaranty for his sood faith.We cannotundertaketoreturnrejectedCommunications. Businessletters shouldin-allCMS*beaddressedto THKhave voted with you on those questions, as I onceembodied or involved ah obliteration of the Mis-I present the following letters for public consideration:THH XXPXXtKXCXOrAUVAKTKROf ACKJtTCKY." No. 515 STK-AT., New-Xork, July 14,1860.quired. Whenever1jiavetraveledinthisState,alsoEastand Thoughherdatesarenolaterthanthose,bythe South,Xhaverecommendaliberaluseofyourpillstohundreds CityofWashington,yetourdispatchesaremuch «fpersonsinvariousstagesofdifferentdiseases,andineveryin- mpreftllL TheSaxonia,withthemailsofthe stance where the-patient persevered In » liberal use of the pills,proposedbyMr.Clay—namely,anagreementthat deprecate! Canyouwonderthatyourpresentthe facts. I n the first place, the Republican party, isnotconfined totheFree States; ifitwere,Gambling «wered?there—not otherwise. A r e y o u a n - _^!Uhe was cured. Now, after twenty-five years of experience and observation, I feel justified in asserting that your pills, for special use, perfect safety, and positive success, are t h e best and most xetfabt* of any purgativemedicine 1know.Tours, with respect,J. WjEI>MLA«KR.• ExxsrpxiAS Cntxn. iJ?©. 332 OKJSSXWICH-ST., New-York, July 21, 186a18th instv airived a t this port yesterday.. San- guinary combats between the Neapolitans and the advanced guard of the Sicilian army are reported. Garibaldi had expelled Farina and two others from Sicily for conspiring against order. The expulsion of Farina led to the resignation of the Ministry.tent legislative body, and that, on that understand-ing, no Congressional interdict should be enacted.That was, in my view, the fundamental basisof Mr. Clay's plan of compromise; and for that he" proposed to disband the Whig party." Can.you to Congress from Missouri, and now again a can- long, captious, and not very courteous letter, ia* W e pcefer them for family use."—{Tribnne.Y ousay that I have" more thanonce"/ • Office Wo. 505 Broadway, New-York.1 They are the favorites"tes forfamilies.^—[Times.TaAdvertisers.Owing to the recent great increase in the circulationappetites, I believe there would be no danger of the'eempromiseof 1850rno supporter, no adver- upheld. This coalition, even if successful, would there a?e not many who agree with yen.t>u. B. BRASTHMCTH—D*arShr: Itia about twenty-fire yearssince Xfirst communicated to you t h e benefit which I derivedfrom a free and continuous use o f youx pills. . I stated at thattime that I had for several years previous been affected withliver complaint, dyspepsia, bilious colic and chronic constipa-tion, all of which were in active operation, and threatened my•peedy dissolution, the entire failure of the various medicinesrecommended and the impotency of some of the best physiciansof this c-tty. to afford me reL'ef. When I first commenced tak-ing your ptUa, I took six, adding one pitt every day up to four-teen ; then reducing one every day dowifto six, and so on, con-tinued for at least four months, when I not snly found myselfwell,but increased m weight over thirty pounds, and, as I con-ceived, partly made over again. When I have been, taken withsevere or excruciating pain I have taken as high as thirty-threepillsatatime,alwayswithspeedyreUefandpermanentre-sults. Prom the year 1885 until the presenttime (I860), I have of the 19th inst, "arrived at Quebec yesterday. willing to-day to close the controversy on the terms this great wrong which you profess to condemn and continued the too of v W valuable pills whenever occasion re-Notices on tbe fourth page of the paper. That class of adver- tisements wiQ be received until s late hour, but no others can be taken after 8 o'clock.foothold in the. Territories then just ceded by Mexico. Oh that basis,Iw^willing to forego, in favor ofPURCHASE A MACHINE—"Pay for it as yon earn the cause of all this iniquity. I would like to dif would have been this day just such another State ifc."—The ECJOSKA celebrated SXWIXO-MACHIXXX, for the next fuse your letter with my answer throughout the as Texas or Arkansas, and with like hospitalitythe' candidate of the united Opposition. Y es, Courier. We will not complain of the injustice, nor20 days only, can be purchased payable in weekly amounts. Office No. 493 Broadway. Agents wanted.GAS FIXTURES.BALL, BLACK fc Co., Nos. 565 and 567 Broadway, Corner of Prlnce-st.] a addition to their large stock of rich Goons, oiler for sale a largo assortm ent of CHAXOXLIXK? and G A » FIXTUKKS of every description, and oi the newest styles, both foreign and domestic rnsauactoies.South; but your friends there will not permit me. for the friends of Free Labor and like prospects Tbey think it safer and more advantageous to for the future. Disband the Republican partySir! but only on condition that resistance to Slav- ery Extension should be one of the declared prin-"be reproved." They cannot have both Slave-y Purge the System, Purity the Blood, and avoid and Freedom of the Press; if they.wili maintainnever misunderstood, though it now serves your turn to misstate my position.Summer Complaints, and Fevtrsand Sickness, by using T u x UiiA*jnt.v«*KO VxOXTAitiJC P i L U .Price 26 cents a box.Bold at the ORAKKKNrm*a. MXDICAI. INJ*TITCTIOX,No. 2 BoHB-sT., Nxw-YORK,~BJ all Druggists, and at No. 13 Park row. New-York.'I'he leaowg Physicians a n d frofessors o f Medicaland perpetuate the former, they must put down the latter.As to all that is personal in your letter, I shallsay very little. I fully realize that, in comparison'58. I am not. aware of giving the' advice, but itt^' :Collegesstate thfft th'". #e Ptus possess medical properties superior to any with the.great public issues whereon we differ, youethers. and I are of very little consequence. Suffice itFiNKLE &, L YON SEWING-MACHINE Co.—Allmachines warranted to give better satisfaction than any others in that, for the first twelve years of its existence, marketormoneyrefunded.Agentswanted.5S8Broadway,N.Y THETRIBUNEdidwhatitcouldto.supportandslave-trading nation of the world. Such are my principles respecting Slavery, that they did whenintense convictions: if Gov. Seward ever said that you so often and so steadily voted with them, as "of Human Nature"—for which our forefathers and of Bargain and Sale generally, very well.» I IinjIII' g>-—»t benefit by asing UOIXOW A Y'S Pitts—the moat effectual " invectives," accuse me of clothing myself " withobject to voting for Democrats, when " the rights"thequestionissettled,"Ipresumehemeant youvotedthesamewaywithmeatalaterday.I declaredthattteymadetheirRevolutionarystrug- AllthatweaskisaclearunderstandingontheSrrroM SswHTC-MACHIXXS at No: 500 Broadway. thought its editor candid, truthful, and patriotic. BARRY'STEICOPHEROUSisthebestandcheapest Sincethen,ithasopposedandstill.opposesyou,assured. T o attempt to resist the onward march the question they concerned one of the very great- aie intent on coalitions only to prostrate or sup- ofSlaveryintheabsenceofthatpartywere estmoment;andmypresentpositionseemstome pressthem. Itis.theend,notthemeans,thattoas absurd as te think of dispelling the rigors of a Polar Winter in the absence of the rays of the s u n . •••',.•.—You say, Governor, that you were nominated in 1850 by "both sections of the Whig party." Certainly you were—as you were again in 1852—Most of the Joint Commttee-of Nine on the Japanese Reception disdaiaa all knowledge of the items of that tremendous bill, although they pro- fess to believe that the total amount is very moderate for the occasion, especially considering that they migat, if they had been bent on swind-srtiole for Dres*lajr, Beautifying, Cleansing. Curling, Preserving s-id Restoring the Hair. Ladies, try It. Sold by OrugKists.and you nOw think that editor " incapable of fair- " ness and candor," prone to "imprecations andan inevitable sequence of those votes. If the Slav-ery question as it exists is of sufficient consequenceto send you over to Douglas, and Cagger, andCassidy, I see not why it should not justify my diffusion of Slavery over the Territories. Then association with King, and Wilmot, and Hamlin.remedy for ail affections of a bilious tendency, as they cleanse the s-.3coach, correct the liver, and regulate the bowels.Dr. MARSH continues to apply his RADICAL CURET"<.O*M with sneessa, in effecting cure* of Hernia or Rupture. 3u«dies waited upon by a female in pxivate rooms. Bathing"curses as with a garment," of pour'mg forth " a " turbid stream of hatred, malice, aiid all unchar- " itablenees," and of exhaustiog on my opponentsYou tell me that I "must know" that your hos- tility to the Republicans has ^not been impelled bywhy was not your wing of the Opposition willingto unite with us on the basis of reviving and main-taining the policy of Jefferson and Washington onthat subject? I stand ready to take Mr. Jeffer-. virtuous gentlemen say that the Auditing Sub- son's Ordinance as he drafted it as the basis ofthem to burn both without reading; and perhaps they are right. >'He that doeth evil hateth the " light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deedswill a8k the responsible conductors of The Courier < iplcs of that Opposition. On that ground, I if they approve of the sale of their party to theTrusses, Supporters, Shoulder-Braces, Suspensory Bandages, my "artillery of vulgar reproaches"—and so on.. but only one vot'.dfor you. There were individual bdk Elastic Stockings, Knee -Caps, and all surgical appliances, b yling, have made the bill five hundred thousandK X I U H It Co.. No. 2 Vesey-st., N.Y., opposite St. Paul's Church.dollars,insteado f ahundreda n d ' five.- TheseI take all this as a matter of course, merely ob-exceptions; but the influence of what then calledDEDICATION.To* Republican Association of the Ninth Ward of who have essentially altered. I will test the mat- servative; you .were Conservative; yet because I,WIQWAMMr. KOBKKT D. BJENICOXCT, Presideat of the Asso-servatives knew you better, and judged better asSlavery Extension or Restriction the all-absoibingone. None other could have broken up the serriedranks and thorough discipline of the National Dermocracy. </Equal Rights in the Territories"—that is, the right of any single slaveholder to estab-"in the pool," and it shall not be our fault if the people are not made acquainted witl| the facf.met to open and dedicate the Wigwam for the coming ligbt. I t is erected on the same spot which they occu- p«d in thecontest of 1856,andonwhichtheynow xuenn to carry the contest to a BucceMful issue. .and deprecate your efforts; while the great body of those whothenoppoeed you,especially those who did so as Union-Savers, are delighted withwill, than I did.Well: 1852wasended,theCompromiseof1850emphatically affirmed, and the Whig party crushedsof their votes when we agreed with those they the platform, your'Conservative brethren con-have cast since; or I will take their sense this Fallspired against and beat you both!A re they not•waa the room well filled, bnt also numbers were stand- ing at the door, and at the windows,the " Union-Saving" nominations, I am sure thatciation, called the meeting to order. He said they had fully nine tenths condemn your present attitude to the treatment necessary to secure your goodhave had much to do with placing you in the posi- tion you now occupy. But I judge for myself only —others will form their own conclusions from the transparent facts.You proceed to "stigmatize" m y " assertions" that you "propose so sell and transfer votes, as " grosslyuntrue." To "stigmatize" inthatway- is very easy, and you are welcome to whatever you can make by it. But you cannot " stigma-—the intense hatred of the Republicans evinced atthe South—your own readiness to seek any alli-man, if theie is one in the Board, move for a com- mittee to inquire into this swindle, and call for the/or Governor against both the " Democratic" andMy sometime friend! I think those self-styled Con-ances for their overthrow—prove the question of Yeas and Nays, W e shall then see- just who isAt;. JooiCH A. COUCHof the KockyMouutain Club jour present course. Whether you are indeed put. It was plain to all but the willfully blind that addretted the meeting. He sketched briefly tbe ante-Mr. Levi S. Chatfield appears as plaintiff in au injunction suit commenced for the purpose of pre- ventag the paymeut of the bill of $105,000 forN^jjjr'"V ^'•'Tl'KWBJJT-§§81 iffi: WEW^YORRSFBJ HIT MX TRIRUNE> TUES1>AY,mam& i, I860."Southern brethren"—-terms which inevitably confined their support to Northern men exclusively. Whether such votes as you gave tended to " en- •;*gender sectional jealousies," or to "endanger " the peace of the Union," I do not decide: sufficethough every Whig from the Free States oppose^^ a maiority of those from the Slave States supportedflyingt-'i•:.did.I t is Slavery—its arrogance, its rapacity, Its"souri line, is so grossly untrue that no one less auda-intolerance—that endangers the" Union; and ifDisunion.Astothe Compromise of 1850, everything de-sary,ofthatadjustmenteverclaimed.as'amerit give'BcllandEverettnovotts,ornexttonone You"askifanyguarantywouldinducemetoWbigs, gone with you, Gov. Hunt! in '56, and been beaten as we were in '52 and would have been again onthe same platform—I feel sure that Kansasinto the Republican party in 1855, and no more need be said.The Whig party dissolved, and you went whereyou chose, nobody objecting. From that time, youhave been a most industrious and disparaging ad-versary of the great bulk of those who had pre-viously been your friends and supporters. So far,well. But it docs seem hard to me that you shouldto persietertly traduce us as "sectional" and would have supported Mr. Bell or Mr. Botts. YouTAt*.t>i«xMHCt9IxnioBwoo,and that it* core mast be by those remedies which correct theIrregularities of it* competition, and carry out of the- body itsimpuritiesbytheorgansofthestomachandbowels. TheBRAN-2DRB.TB V'KOKTABUt U.M 1VKR9AL PlLL?, a n d t h o LtTM ADDITION, 'cither of which nsed in accordance with nature's requirements,wL'!accomplishtheseindications,coredisease,andprolonglife. formofthepapertopressatasearlyhour,wearecompelled pendsonitsinterpretation. Mr.Clayintro-repealtheMissourirestriction.You.know/that,intotheHvuse,whereArkansas,Tex*s,Dela-phraseologyisvague,butmyanswershallbefrankNXW-YORK TRIBUKX.Northern m en ceased to pander to its insatiableTJ*. B . BaAjrwacTH—Dear Sir: For three years I was af- Signor Interdonato Argi, the historian, and Signorflicted with Erysipelas, *o that I waa almost crazy with the Emeranti are among the new Ministry. Lagothe, You know how utterly that basis has been de-. tried to count yourself out of that category; I can- THE TRIBUNE. If it were, it would not be neces- opportunity to hear my side of the question. NojpAa, and unable to do anything, whatever. Y ou can imaginemy condition when I say that I had sixty-two running sores at Laporta, and Orsini continue in the Cabinet. Theoo» time. Being tired of feeing the doctors and taking their massacre at Damascus by the Druses is confirmed,stroyed by the Dred Scott decision, and by the support pledged thereto by the South and thenot say that your vote may not have been given to sary to raise mobs aud break the peace to cut matter: I fearletsJy commend the truth, for whichdrugs. I happily caSlod'at your office and asked your advice,ytfteenboxesofyourVegetableUniversalPills,andeightboxes andthemostsickeningdetailsofthebarbarities Democraticparty. DoyouwishmetoquoteMr.cfyouxsalve,used*-y>udirected,mademeaacuudandhealthy inflicteduponallagesandsexesaregiven. It1B Bell'ssubstantialaffirmation ofthenewSouthern maninie*»thanthreemonths. believedthat7,000or8,000Christianshavebeen inoppositiontoMr.Clay'sdoctrine?InviewofYours, truly. J. S. PACK.SoidatPrincipalOffice,No.294Canal-rt.;No.4Union- murderedincoldbloodsincetheoutbreakofthe thisnewandformidabledanger,IseenohopeforSlaveStates,butitisstronginmany,andhas wentforthe"American"candidates. Idohot heartysympathizersinall. GiveusFreeSpeechand Freedom of Political Action for White men, and we will organize it iu every one of them, andYouis,regretfully, HORACEGREELEY.Square; No. 296 Bowery; Campbell, corner 8th-av. and 28th- st ; and by ail dealers Price 25 cents per box.'"" AT ROBERT RAIT & Co.'s,Ho. 2*1 Broadway,Comer of Warren-st, N . Y .A•• satioc i* invited to their large stock ot Ooir> and SILVBH WATCKKS,Bythefollowingcelebratedmakers: Losnox.revolt. Russia has expressed a desire to act in Free Territories but in the most decisive and de- concert with France, and England in putting a termined action on the part of the Free States. Ithink your name will sound in History beside" that of Cassius M. Clay ? v^Among.the journals advocating what are called conservative notions in this country, the ablest and the most scholarly is, without dispute, The Boston Courier. I t s editors are Mr. George Lunt and Mr. George S. Hillard, both men of compre- hensive culture and a large experience in political affairs. Intheirpublicspeechesandwritings,the ain, if a sin can be fourd, is not on the side of re- ticence or ambiguity in the expression of their opinions. Now, apart from what they have writ- ten en t h e subject anonymously in their journal, both of these distinguished gentlemenhave recently addressed the public concerning the present Presi- dential canvats; Mr. Lunt iu a clear and manly letttr to a Bell meeting in Baltimore, Mr. Hillard in a brief but eloquent speech to a Bell meeting inRoxbury.. Neither-in the letter nor in the speech was there a word of sympathy or approbation for that new method of supporting Bell and Everett by voting against them, inaugurated in New-York by Messrs. Hunt, Brooks, andDuer; not a phrase that could be tortured into tolerance of that system of Commercial Politic?, which consists in selling out to its deadly ibes the remains of what was once a great and powerful party. And yet we find in The Courier the following piece of exuberant per-CttAKUU FXODSMAX, T.F.COOPXX, .' DAVID TAVLOU.35. C. BKAOKBKIIM;* 4. Co., Ji D. Joussos,JAMKS STO»I>ART, JOHNCRAGO,CHA*. TATLOR. & Soxs; F . B . ADAM.- k. SUNS, ROBKRT RAIT 3t Co.contemplation, and that there is a prospect of a know that New-Mex.co has a most inhuman-and formidable rising of the Ottoman population against piratical Slave-Code just imposed upon her bydid—just as you united, with them to pass theWilmotProviso,toorganizethenewTerritoriesin foreignpolicy. ItisthediffusionofSlavery— the interest of Free Labor, and to denounce the whether in our present Territories or through thexM I. TOBIAS,- Ro'l'T ROSXXLI..the Christians, led on by fanatical conspirators;B E P L Y T O A N E X - F R I E N D . To the Hon. WASHUTOTONHUNT. ,_Snt: I have your letter of the 25th, and cheer-fully print it on the preceding page. I do believe Slavery, having thus fortified itself in all our pres- in free discussion, and your infidelity to that great ent Territories but Washington, is incessantly principle shall not cause me to swerve.from myfaith. T bid you welcome to the columns of THE the express approval of both the new Democratic TRIBUNE, even though you use them to pettifog thecase of those Southern defenders of " the rights of" property" who take T H E TRIBUNE from the ruling of the Supreme Court in the Dred Scott post-offices and burn it before the eyes of those case, will become Slave Territory by the mere who have paid for and want to read it. They do fact of such acquisition. How aBy man can stand this without reading or looking at the paper to see up in the face of these facts and say that " the whether it does or. does not contain anything ob- "Territorial question is settled," unless he means jectionable;theydoitsometimesindefianceofall thatitissettledastheSlaveryPropagandawould law, sometimes under the sanction of such acts of have it, I cannot imagine. W e shall save and se- infernal tyranny as that of Texas,-which your cureKansasandNebraskatoFreeLabor, simplyJ* GxxxrA.umore strictly geographical" than the Republicanpartyis or ever has been. Therepudiation in'54 of the Missouri Compact by a combination ofDemecratic. and Southern Whig votes, with theconsequett expulsion from Congress of Cullom,Etheridge, T . G. Hunt, and almost every SouthernWhig who resisted that monstrous wrong, left usno alternative. The South had all but obliteratedold party lines in her eagerness for Slavery Exten-sion; suppose we Northern Free-Soil Whigs hadundertaken to stand alone against the Pro-Slaverycombination, should we not have been foredoomedtP defeat a n d overthrow ? Should w e not havebeen as helpless as even you could wish ? . Gover-know this—why do y o u find i t necessary t o mis-PATSX YSUMT* & Co , LOTJX8 AUDXMXKS.JAS. NARDIL,J. C. LM>MOI.H,V ACHXKOK i t COXST A TIS,represent us? perversions?Could a good cause require suchLtVKXl*©OL.R. & G. BXSSLXT,JOSXPH SjCWJsXL.conquest or purchase of Cuba, Mexico, &c.—that Christendom. Your votes on these questions were the Republicans are organized to prevent. YouL. is.E. DCCKXXX, Jvut* JORORKSXX, Copenhagen.s-"' W bdeh chey offer at wholesale and retail at low prices.A T ROBERT RAIT &, Co.'s,No. 261 Broadway, corner ot Warren-st, N. Y.,Is offered at wholesale and retail-a very large aud complete as- aortaieat of oYour prophecies as to the result may pass. You have the same right to predict that I have; and when you conclude that either Lincoln, Bell, or Everett will be our next President, I consider you qx»ite safe. Had you omitted the two latter names, your prophecy.would have been shorter, and just as sure. Nor do I object to the seveial coalitions you announce, though they seem^o me somewhat incongruous. Iu the South, you eay, the friends of Bell will coalesce with those of Douglas, t o r e - buke Secession and Disunion in the person of Mr.QOH> and Sir.rxx WATCHKS, By all the celebrated makers ofLondoo,•M - •;f.\AtReduced Prlc-*-Liverpool,parties and platfoims) and to wrest new provinces from Mexico, each of which, according to theTHE STiiRfcoycopic EMPORIUM,E. AMTHUMT, No. 501 Broadway.Cstalognes sent on receipt of stamp. Photographic materialsfor amateurs and the* toad*.BATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE, Wig and ToupeeFactory. No. 16Bond-st. Private entxanoeforladies. sppUedinthesky-lightrooms.SP ALDING'S PREP ARED GLUE."ISvwybodyshouldhssveabottle."—{Tribune.•' F e x SAUK EVXRTWHXRX.The l)yeK^oofSotcred by H. C. SJ-ALDIXO SLCO., NO.48 Cedar-st. Port-Office address, Box No. 3,600QROVER 4fc BAKER'S CEJJEBRATEDNOISJCUEM SSTWUTO-MACHIWXS. The Best in Use for Family Sewing.No.495Broadway,New-York. No. 182 Fnlton-st, Brooklyn.WHEELER <fc WILSON'S SEWESG-MACHINEST" The editor of THB N . Y^TiM-OTfai^s^keoarse man; and vr« " Union" friend, Sam Houston, approved as Gov- by virtue of the efforts, the sacrifices, the stimu- mot Proviso and kindred measures. Let common beat the Republicans! Go ahead, Sir! and help say this of biip, at the ritk'of another Keeper The language h4andGeneva,stop to these massacres. '"xRussia reiterates theopinion that the events now transpiring in theEast hold in supense the peace of the world,anddo personally know that Slavery exists this day in the vast regions designated Kansas and Utah; I know that the Federal Governors of Kansas andThey who stabbed it to the heart in '52 took You accuse me of uniting with " radical Dem-> * .•thattheexistence.ofTurkeyisatstake.The NebraskahavevetoedactsoftheirrespectiveLeg-Paris Pays intimates that more massacres are in islatures designed to abolish Slavery therein; I ;You say that the pending controversy relates "ocrats"toformtheRepublicanparty. Well:I mainlytothedomesticpolicyoftheSlaveStates.ernor last Winter—an act which far outstrips and lated emigration from and the heavy contributions dwarfs anything ever done in that line by the most in the. Free States to secure that end. We shall benighted and arbitrary despot Of Naples or Spain.is low, indecent, blackguard. M r . Washington Hunt, Judg©Dner, the Messrs. Brooks, ex-President Fillmore, are treated by you had practically, if not formally, abandoned really but one question how dividing the American Tux TmiiDNK with the utmost disrespect, and this, too, for noBut, never mind, Governor.'free discussion is right, even though it requires Republicans to sur- render their columns to opponents who never re- ciprocate, but who use those columns to bolster upfact: hadtherebeennosuchparty—had we, old formal absorptionofwhatwas leftoftheformerSlaveryinourFedeialsystem,anditsdiffusionby Federal power.Federal contractors and'officeholders, by virtue of which every7 colored person who strays into that vast region is certain to be. enslaved, though he bean undoubted citizen and voter of this or any Eastern State; and I know thatplotting to acquire Cuba (in which project it hasDistrict Slave-Trade as a stench in the nostrils ofcan pa*ty will be strong cnoitgh toprcvtnt it. Herein is my only hope.You say that «>the claim of.right by the Southern You profess to be for Bell and Everett, yet, " uUrai»t« is an abstraction." Is the luat for Cuba tious perfidy- You know that the perpetual as- admitting that you cannot elect them by going an abstraction ? Is Gen. Wo, Walker an abstrac- sertions of Douglas that the compromise of 1850 manfully for them, you propose to promote their tion ? Is Gen. George Bickley aa abstraction ? If fcuccessbypursuing a dark,andcrookedpolicy. so,thenTexasisanabstraction,theinhumanSlavefrom our State; but it might carry the election abandon my " system of Slavery agitation." Your to give notice to our friends that hereafter all advertisements to adopt Mr. Douglas's interpretation of that com-; ware ai/d Florida overbear New York, Pennsyl- and fall. Believing Slavery to be a flagrant' viola-mustbshandedinbefore8o'clockIntheevening,withthesin- ducedthatCompromisebyaseriesofresolves, vaniaandOhio;andthereyouthinksomebodyad- tionoftheinalienableRightsofMan,aborningre- gle exception of those intended for insertion among tbe Business one of which denied to Slavery any legal status or promise of'50, is to assert that the North ttierebysurrendered every single principle and point for verse to Lincoln would be elected. I do not be- proach to our country, an enemy to her prosperityof T n DAIZ.T TRIBCJTR, and tbe necessity of putting the firstor stated as an objection that its adoption wouldlieve any election would be made there; but if any and progress in art, intelligence and civilization, I the limitation given to Texas northward, and the did not even stipulate for any return whatever. thing can ever rend this Union, sending a Presi- mean to labor for its eradication from our own andwhich ithad so long and earnestly contended, andadmission vf California as a Free State, an express You know'how baseless this is. Y ou know thatprohibition of Slavery in those Territories. I never Stephen A. Douglas piimarilyt and the Democratic do it. I rejoice in the faith fchat your power is un- nizing the right of each State to regulate its ownThe Hon. ANSON BURLINGAME will be one ofthe Speakers at the LincoDi and Hamlin StateConventionofNEW-JERSEY tobeheldatTrentonon the 8th prox. (Wednesday of next week).DANIEL ULLMANN is also(expected. We reckon terms. While you and I were in Congress, I reopening this Slavery agitation—reopening it wan- States only would be " unconstitutional in spirit," from tbe moment the Slave States shall disclaimyour utmost to give the vote of this State to Doug- . las and thus secure a triumph to all those who didiSlaveryhasnolegalexistenceinanyTerritoryuntil courseamazesandalienatesyouroldfriends?establishedtherebysomevalidenactmentbyacompe- Youtellme,Governor,thatIandothersin1855 FrankBlairwouldnothavebeenrepeatedlychosen/ Thus,Gov.Hunt!havinggivenplacetoyoursuppose any one ignorant that you and your new Conservative friends had already deserted it 1 Do not all know that, while w e supported in gooddidate, with a fair prospect of success. If it were, it would not be necessary to pass such abominable caricatures of law as that just framed in Texas,full view of the fact thdt none of your sympathizers would have accorded like hospitality to me, I have replied to it point by point, as fully as space wouldwas instantly attacked bj Mason of Va., Downsof faith the Whig candidates in 1854, you and your under which the Postmasters of that State, in allow. A million Republicans will thus see what present • friends secretly went against them, voting strict accordance with the spirit of Douglas's Se- you have to say for yourself and against m e; fewLa., Foote and Jeff. Davis of Miss., as conceding dition Law speech, are now stealing and burning or none of your compatriots will ever have like too much, if not everything, to the North. the '' American" ticket ? I know that you havedown Lincoln poles in Old Virginia. No, Gov- influence went against them. The vote of two- ernor ! the Republican party is stifled in mostI stand, to the discernment and sense of justice of the American People,the Whig candidate; but it is clear that yourthirdsoftheformerWhigsofyourelectionDistrictcomplainofthis:yoirvotejasyouseefit:butwhenyou accuse me and those who act with me ofbreaking upthe Whig party, you arewide of the secure its speedy triumph in all. How do youNew- York, July 30,1860., "fact.the lead in deserting it in '54.nor!therewasjustonechanceforus—todoas Breckinridge. IntheNorth,youintimate,youryou did in Congress when you stood by Wilmot, " Union" party is anxious to coalesce also with theto-morrow, and Slavery would strengthen itself in the Union, and extend itself beyond bur present National boundaries; while such politicians as Mr. Everett and you would look on affecting to con- demn the successive eteps in this drama, butcon- doning them' so soon as committed in windy appeals to Nationality and senseless denunciationsof " sectionalism," until we should stand forth in operation with "the most radical Democrats," sothe eyes of shocked Christendom as the great did yours. Wilmot, Hamlin, Preston King, <fcc, serve the Republican cause by taking that course.Slaverj'-extending, as we are to day the great are the same men now, and maintain the same I am not adverse to forming coalitions;. I do notI beg leave to assure you that I know nothing df the sort. OfT H E GREA TEST KEMED Y in the WORLD for Sum .fellow-citizens of Niagara County, among whom tion. Even you admit that your stunning defeat the Whig party broke up, that you were not esti- The South agreed to it in 1787, and the first Fed-CATARRH.—Dr. C. H . MARSHALL never fails inserving that, as it is obvious that either you or IAt Ht. Nicholas Hotel, N. Ti.t a few days more. Room 309. have changed decidedly since the old days, I pro- Unionism went dead against you, running "a your motives and impulses, I know nothing 'what- our future National policy with regard to the Ter- Hours96oLConsultfree.Dr.M.cure*equallywellbyUtter. posetosubmitthecasetoyourneighborsand c"UnionSafety"ticketmainlyforyourdestruc- ever.Ibelievethatyoufeltforsomeyearsbeforeritories;theRepublicansasknomorethanthat.Caring C A T A R R H , and its Long-combined diseases of every kind.iteelf Conservatism . and row masquerades asCommittee, Messrs. Aid. Cornell and Councilman Shaw, have all the bills, an i that they intend to keep them so long as they choose, the press to the contrary notwithstanding. The Lelnnda also re- fuse to give any information, beyond the fact that their bill is, made out in detail, and contains no more than a reasonable charge for the expenses incurred and articles furnished. The habitue's ofxnor Complaint*is Dr. TOMIA# S VXXXTIOV LINIXXCT. Diarrhean_d DytoLtery areImmediately cured by it. No pav if it fails. you have lived for the last thirty years, and in '52 was due to this " Conservative'• section,Warranted perfectly innocent to taxe internally. Only 25 cents. bo\A. by all the Druggists. Depot No. 56Courtlandt-st.mated in it at your full worth—that you ought to to most of whom you ate familiarly known, while whereof you are now an admired membeT. Gen :have been made more of than you were. I believeeral Congress confi medit, Washington approving as President. It was not then "sectional" nor " geographical" to prohibit,even by Congressional enactment, the spread of Slavery; why is it now?I am personally a strangerto the great majority of them, and let them decide whether it is you or Iw a syou were fcr Governor; your platform was Con-3Jrooklyn, naviiig erected a neat and commodious Wig- ters in difference between them by a comparison who heartily supported you both, protested against"waxn on the corner of Fulton and Bedford avenues,held their first meetmg last evening for the purpose ofdecicating the buildiig to the service of Lincoln andHauslin, and the furtherance of trae Kepublicanism. in any manner which shall seem practicable. Of nice people for you to cotton to ? A dog treatedJS&Aj tn the evening, the voters of that outermost the Twenty Thousand Whigs in this City and Two as you were by them would-have had sufficient Ward came nocking to the Wigwam, and in someC&aea bringing their tcives and little ones, till not only Hundred Thousand in the State who supported you self-respect to prefer other company thereafter.Scottt h e Whigcandidatefor President,a sthat you thought the Republican party would be short lived and powerless, and that you could dolish Slavery practically in any Territory, no mattercedt&ts of the various candidates for the Presidency, Giles Scroggms or not, these facts must go far to it could never fight another National battle. You *'tize"outof existence these facts: That, while though the ten thousand other settlers unanimously * the expenses of the Japaneee reception; In his com-andshowedclearlythedifferencebetweentbeprinci- determine. mightbeinducedtotrustandworkforthosewho youprofesstosupportBellandEverett,youdonot protestagainstit—isthecardinalprincipleoftheples of the -Republican party, offireespeech and free toil, and the so-called Democratic party, and closed amid loud applause.plaint, he alleges that he is a tax-payer, and for —You are quite right iu saying that we were had thus stabbed you and swamped us all: / never even propose to elect them by the popular vote,, Breckinridge Democracy, with whom you are anx- this reason claims a standing In Courtboth—from the time you left the Democratic party could; and most of the Whigs felt as I did. I tand you discourage even the runnijg pf an Electo- ious to coalesce, in order to defeat your old WhigAs this plaintiff is himself a lawyer, he knows*Mr. 8. JU WOODFORI> was next introduced; he in'1838-40^—decided and zealous Whigs—support- was clear that the Conservatives would never vcte made a spirited address, censuring severely the cor-ral ticket in their favor. Y ou make a.coalition friend Lincoln. Of course, you are willing to give or ought to know,, that he has no more standing iuruptionsofthepresentAdministration;chargingthe ersofHarrisonandofClay.Youmighthavesaid foroneofuswhorefusedtobowthekneeto withtheDouglasmen,supp>rttheirElectors,and Breckinridge..a.fairchanceofelection.. The Courtthanifhe-hadmerelyallegedthathewaarepealoftheMissouriCompromise,andtherenewalof Slavery agitation, upon .Stephen A . Douglas. H e agreedwithMr.Douglas,,thatthe81averyagitation ahould cease; but no question of moral right can be oettled by the establishment of a moral wrong.AtthispointtheLincolnBattalionof,theRockyfffountain Club made their appearance^ preceded by merely voted uniformly in Congress, throughout inured to the benefit of Free Labor and. of the Bell's friends will have taken in leaguing with your ized in every.Territory, and that any single slave- compnriBoa. They hold cistincjtly that a generala band of music. With their torches, and large banner,and shining Widt-Awake uniforms, they made a ftae 'thow.Bythistimethecrowdwassolargethatthe jmeeting was obliged to adjourn to out of doors, as by jao possible amount of compression could they be packed into the Wigwam, After six rousing cheers from the %Vfd*-Awake boys, Mr. Woodford finished his re- " jnarka and, with renewed cheers, the meetingwas closed. The spirit of enthusiasm, which leads to vic-tory,to awake in the Ninth Ward.your six years of service, in favor of the express North. The South had secured her consideration; and our adversaries to defeat us, will go over toaidperemptoryexclusionofSlaveryfromevery westretchedoutpurhandsforours,anditWas Bellandelecthim.Gov.Hunt!youarenotaTerritory organized or seeking to be during these snatched away from us. The first man to propose deep man, but you must know better than this! is no danger of Slavery Extenaiou, I cannot im- years—you voted repeatedly for resolves looking to this flagrant outrage waB Archibald Dixon, a Whigthe abolition of the District Slave-trade, with pre- viho occupied (not filled) the seat of Henry Clay: If, with the largest, Popular, Electoral, and Con-ambles affirming the essential inhumanity and ini- but the man who adopted and put it through was gressional Vote, Mr. Lincoln should neverthelessquity of Slavery in terms very offensive to " oar Stephen A. Douglas, a Northern Democrat. Ane*,-Untitled Document"agitators," because we have followed the shiningpath which you opened for us daring your servicein Congress. If our resistance to Slavery Exten-sion is " sectional" and "geegraphical," so was to unite in returning Mr. Douglas to the Senate in yours. If it brings us into communion and co-ambitious or selfish considerations.and if you make Jo. Lane our Present, *>' ^ e l e t i t b e !You seek a coalition of "National m en of every laws of New-Mexico is an abstraction, the graves of ciousthanDouglaswouldventuretojisttertit.You '.';"shade'Vthatis,ofallopposedtotheFree-Soil t*emurderedvictimsofBorderRuffianisminKan- knowthat, during the three months'^olsoussiony of principles which in Congress you so steadily sas aie abstractions. If you believe them so,dential ejection into a House unable to elect will all other countries so long as I live. But, recog-party, secondarily, and those Southern Whigs who equal to your malice. ' domestic concerns, I stand ready to forego and de-No, Governor! you are wrong ! it relates to theirPreston King andHamlininsupportingtheWil- supportersofthesame "Disunion" candidate,to sonality: -^___-sense determine. Oily let it be understood that us to convince the blind and heedless that there is save it because the Republican party is a great the Whig for an adverse organization before the People, and that concerns the predominance ofemploys, when speaking ot the Unionists of xhe Empire Staled «•offered to support Mr. Bell for President asearnestly supported Mr. Bates; on that ground, IYou say that I advisedtheRepublicans of Illinoiswas certainly, my opinion that they would bestbetter outside than in it. This is what I believe; We Republicans have our feet firmly planted in thejCity Hall say that " $105,000 is too big a thingbut I do not pretend to know. Your industry aud zeal in opposing it so far exceed any previously evinced in your political conduct, that I cannotthe tracks of the Revolutionary sages and patriots, and you will not be able to efface them nor dis- lodge us:" to be letslip up.*' money to ease it on its way, but it is bound to go " through." W e shall s e e . The Aldermen meetbut feel that resentment and disappointed ambition . The present disruption of the Democratic party to-n'ght. L et Henry Smith, or some other honestalittle more clearlythanyou didthat we were Slavery; howcould we,withoutintensebaseness, proposetherebytogettheElectionintotheHouse, Breckinridge Democracy,inavyjudgment,willbeAnti-SlaveryWhigs,andtogethersupportedthe goonvotingforthem? Thethingwasimpossible. whereinBellhasbutoneState,whileLincolnhas abouttheonlypartyleft*besidethe.Xepublican, Rooseveltagt.Draper,andDoolittleagt.TheSuper- cause of Free Labor find Free Soil in all the Then came 1854, and brought the repudiation of fifteen; and you affect' to believe that in that after the November election; It does not dissem-" sectional" struggles of those days. You not the Missouri Compact—that is, of so much of it as visors of Broome County, lately derided at Gen- House,Lincoln's fifteen States,after thecourse blenorshuffle; itassertsthatSlaveryiswowlegal- eralTermandintheCourtofAppeals,justifythe• :•-• ••••can pretend, in view of their attitude, that* there I tell you they never will do it—never! never! agine.-a Court of Equity, as Mr/^hatfield attempt* to do.The question therefore at oucevp^sents itself— Why has Mr. Chatfield t'ommenced^the suitinThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13069 l lW*»W'iK*W'i.t»twJ.H»tiv* v „mwww.fultonhistory.comIt may take a little time andonce King of the Cannibal Islands. The cases ofYou ask me if I ' think Slavery will be penna*nently established in New-Mexico or Utah. I an- question ? Does he desire to prevent investigation Vbe beaten, it will not be by the votes of Lincoln swer, Certainly not; because I beluu tht RepuUU by oovering tke subject with the fog of abogn*£.-.'W-**i«--l  