 •piMr. wial vat cantho^ •lied ;hat*ry wo- Bind berCity wo andr * sly-[fed n- £on:onillyto**SO-kitth* se- wn rot *eraov ib- >T-lOtoftoas-•JTlore fid he si- gn D- Otg- n-5- it >ein i: IS I. I© [an :h b-So e ra^ g f r g j S ^ itself, as it ^8 clearly their duty to iaa>e 1 To tho Afncint^t1 W ASUIWOTOK, Thursday, May 24,1860.tH^fcrtb, Mr. Pugh bol'-ed, but others stood fire. Mr. Clingman explained that indisposition was the cause of Mr. Douglas's absence.take them in the connection in wnich they stand. _ Mr. KENNEDY) S. Am., Md.) was happy to niwTthoparty on the other bide of the Chamber were in favor" Pedo-Baptiets" of every name and shade. The ulti- mate and universa: triumph of Baptiwt principles and policy were asserte d to be in the order of Providential developments. • ' .. •The business meeting was convened in thoNmtn-name of Laurel Glen. E. Perry Packer, is the Post- m'aster." »•.'DJJUGXKOUS SCHOOL BCII.OINO.—-During the exca-vatiWn yesterday for a cellar on the lot adjoining Ward»acted a considerablo/'amount of business in order to close their accounts as distinct organizations. The General Assembly met in Dr.'Dale's new church in the evening,and was opened with a sermon by the' Bey. Dr. Bullions of Troy, Moderator of last year.Obituary.AUGUSTA, Ga., Wednesday, May 23, I860. The Hon. William C. Preston died at Columbia yes-//MMm~wmi:.u7iir.iimf n.Ji»-irumft^P a*ry^-^n->o•-,;*^.t^,^«,.^„,j,,,,.fv,.r.-t>sI,,b~»fr.<T.;r&jr^,t^...^.w««,a.'>^*.<artj>i«u.l^^h...^^. ,...,;JtfUh?«V#3,8*0/1SWM' effect the hmriane object. .4 THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH.Mr. DA VIS'S resolutions came up. ( try, and be was now determined, so far as was v.. his . Mr. BINGHAM read an elaborate speech in opposl power, t!o exhibit the question in .such a form as to tipn thereto, which was imperfectly heard in the re ; bring it to a final conclusion. It was an undertakingBefore proceeding to the further consideration of theSlavery report, the Committee on Appends reported i athe Japanese were much attracted. Tho gorgeous decorations of tho large halls excited their especial ad-• '-• - -—-»*«#»»•> irriThe Boston Post is greatlydistressed because, in "'one of his speeches,.Mr^ Lincoln is said to haveThe Japanese Embassadors visited the Navy Yard to-day, and were received by Commandant 'Buchanan \\ath due courtesy. They were conducted through the variousworkshops, and subsequently witnessed target"used these words: ! '.** I believe that the right of property in a slave is not practice with heavy erdnance and D.'iblgren's riflodi country—of accessto the growing population of Pike's either..upon principles or men, and declaring that with reception of the report of the Board of Curators of tb«cannon. A few experiments were also made with *'distinctly and expretty affirmed m the Constitntion.!' boat-howitzers, with all of which they were astonished• Hr; Will T*« Post, or any other Democratic journal, and delighted. Prince de Joinville also had an oppor- tunity, ol seeing the results of the rifled Cannon, and kindly infonn us.in which clause of the Constitu- was lavish in his praise of this great improvement ia * iiSon the right of property in & slave is distinctly naval warfare. A party of. the Japanese were thisPeak, the Great Salt Lake, and California, direct to an empty treasnrv. a corrupt and nnnrincipied Admin- Historical Society, connected with the Publication So- ; istration, with threats of disunion from those who ciety, and to.remarks fa favor of its »doption, wbereiaSan Francisco, as well as from the different States are throwing the fire brands of Slavery into the na- (be memory of departed brethren and fathers wore re-North and Sou'-h. JTo this latter end it is proposed to tional councils it becomes all to waive party predilec- vived, and an effort made to excite greater cntlmswwrn Yeas, 35; Nays, 21, Mr. Pugh voting in the nega- lay down two branch lines, one commencing south tions, and unite in a grand struggle for reform. for the preservation of denorninational records and'••••^**A expressly affirmed?morning on a tour of inspection of Centre Market.The presiding officer ot theTIonse of RepresentativesW ASHINGTON, Thursday, May 24, 1860: THE TARIFF. '. <&takenupintheFinanceCommittee0/theSenate, . andMr.Hunter willnot-permitittobeconsid--,- ered until the appropriations and other matters of £.ece*«ity of doing something at once witii the bill from ordinary legislation are disponed of.. He, is well the Judiciary Committee to provide for the negroesaware that every day's delay is injurious to its now at Key West. It authorizes the President to en-ter into a contract with, any persona or corporation toprospects, and that may be one reason why this receive from the United States authoritiesHhe Africansseized on the vessels engaged in the slave-trade, and to ." dilatory course will be pursued, in order to kill it suj port them for six months from the date of their-VVThe Tariff biB from the House has yet to bePLRST SESSION.btt finally prevailed, and the bill was made the special Mr. PUGH said this was the first practical thing in ordeo-for Monday and Tuesday next.-. off by indirection if possible.THE ADJOI;RN*MEST.As the day of adjoornment will be determined very mnch by Mr. Hunter, being Chairman of the t Finance Committee, no action will be t<iken on the House resolution until the business has so far ^'prjogresscd as to be wirnio the control of thei'Sen-lauding on the coast of Africa; provided the cost of the sameshallnotexceed$100foreachperson. ThePres- ident is also authorized to use the vessels of war to transport them to Africa. Two hundred thousand dol- lars is appropriated for ibe purposes of the bill.Mr. PUGH (Dem., Ohio) offered an amendment to extend the period during which the negroes are to he supported to not leB8 thaji one year instead of six months. Adopted by Yeas 25, Nays 17.Mr. D A V I S (Dem.,, Miss.) opposed the policy of making this appropriation. It aid not fall within the obligations of the Government to provide for their sup- port in Africa for so V-vft a period. jO T T A W A , 111., Thursday, May 24, i860.During a storm here.to-day, two boys, named Peter of Mass., being absent, the Hon. T. W- Ewart. of-i«te. At present there is DOprobability that the day •fixed by the House resolution will be adopted. It cannot be done without the neglect of everythingMr.'PESSENDEN (Rep., Me.) responded/contend- buttheappropriations,andonlybygivingthema ingthatitwasinhumantoturnthemadriftwithoutMr. PUGH saiei that it was a poor principle that wasnevertobecarriedintopractice.Gentlemenhadall meiplyofyourcity.Thereareabout200delegatesin. i; WASHINGTON,May23, 1860.il ward* the Debt. 3S.035 87limited consideration.MB. EVEBETT'S NOMINATION.Letters nave been received from Mr. Everett, soliciting the opinion of his friends here as to his acceptance of the Baltimore nomination, and ex- iibiting some signs of reluctance. They haveproviding for their support. •Mr. DA VIS replied, sustaining his previous position.He offered as an amendment to strike out all ot the bill except so much as related simply to sendingthe negroes l a t k .Mr. BENJAMIN advocated the bill, and contended that by our treaty stipulations its passage was de- manded.AT THE CAPITOL. •The visit of the Japanese to the Capitol to-day could of Springfiekl; Ohio, was elected on the second ballot,j hardly have impressed them with a very profound be- The Committee on Rules of Order presented a report, lief in the dignity of the United States Congress. In ! which was adopted, after considerable running debate. the Senate, which they first entered, there was, to beMr. DAVIS cansed the treaty to be read to show • generally "advised that he ought to accept, because thai no such ohligjition existed. ' .The Assembly convened at 2J o'clock, and, afterthe Convention adjourned without making pro- vision for such a contingency, and if he was .disin- clined, that decision should have been announced promptly, to hare allowed another selection. Besides, it is contended that a withdrawal would involve him in embarrassments not ©asily relieved. It is believed that distrust as to an election is the-only canse of hesitation on his part. .MB. SEWARD'S RF.TCRN TO THE SENATE.A dispatch was received from Mr. Seward, by a Juember of the Xew-York delegation this morning, to the effect that lie would rt-sume his seat-in theSenate by the 1st of June, unless his presence was needed soooer on any of the important measures in which he had taken an interest. In that event he would obey a telegraphic summons immediately.THE CAPTURED AFRICANS.Mr. Benjamin's bill, authorizing the President io contract for the return of the captured Africans l o w in Florida,, and such others as may'hereafter' be taken, and appropriating $200,000 for that ob-ject, went through the Senate by more than three tute, and the bill was passed,- by Yeas 41; Nays 14.Messrs. (CHESTNUT (Dem., S. CO and CLAYto one. (Dew., Ala.) did not vote. Mr. MALLORY voted in.:> The Judiciary Comm'ttee of the Hou?e has been the affirmative, otherwise the Nay« on the passagewere the same as the Yesis on Mr. Davis's amendment. slow ia its action on this subject. This bill ought Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign Rela-to be accepted without further delay, unless sonic tions,, reported back the House bill to raise the grade improvement can be suggested better calculated to of the minister to Sardinia, with an amendment leav- ing it to tbe discretion of the President. Laid over. 'The Overland Telegraph to the Pacific bill passed porter's gallery.t i e Hou«»e by 28 majority, with an amendment, Mr. BJGLER defended-''his position. He said he proposed by Mr. Burnett of Kentucky, requiring T*>*8 one of those who opposed the action on these reso-lutions until after .the Charleston Contention. He in- .sealed proposals to be advertised for, and received tended to vote for them, and maintained that the fourth for sixty days after the passage of the act, with resolution was based on tbe Dred Scott decision. He had at one time expressed an opinion differing from the responsible guaranties, as in the ease of bids for views contained in tbe resolutions, hut he regarded the * mail contracts. The contract is to be given to the Dmd Scott decision as settling the question, and thatwhich imperatively demanded the fullest consideration from the handw of the representatives of the people. It must be-kept aloof from all influences of trickery, or fraud, jor parsimony, for such a great national work would never be brought ton successful issue if any influences of this kind would be allowed to operate in its management. There was but one feeling as to the desirability of constructing this great national line, and there'-was but one response given from one ena of the'country-to the other, wherever the questionthe case of C. B. Bmlingham, who was expelled from!the Genesee Conference. The case was sent back to; miration. Of course they did not fail to .observe theDr. E. C. Haven of the New-England Conference,, chair, • but perhaps accepted them as parts of the sys-then took the floor and discussed the Slavery question tem of iwhich, indeed, they are not altogether inapt vrom 1816 to 1819 ho traveled in Europe, and wag in favor of the majority report. Upon tbe conclusion symbols. A glance at the retiring rooms of the House admitted to the bar after his return in 1821, com-of Dr. Haven's speech, the floor was assigned to Dr. meincing the practice of law in Virginia. He removed Durbip of Philadelphia, who, in behalf of several concluded the visit of the Embassadors, which listedmet!hers of both seciions of the Committee, offered a about two hours. to Columbia, South Carolina, in tbe following year, fcubbtimte for tbe majority report. It recommends the' A number-of the officers this morning submitted where he achieved distinction and success at the bar. adoption of the entire preamble of the riiajority1 Two years later he was elected to Congrees, where he report, which relates to the moral and ecclesiasti- themselves to Mr. Brady's treatment, and saw them- distinguished himtelf by his devotion to Free Trade slowest responsible bidder, upon condition that if shall not exceed $40,000 per am urn, Congress re- taining the discretion to alter or amend the law.be should yi»-ld.Mr. IVERSON (Dem., Ga.) said that-he had intend-ed to Offer amendments'to the resolutions of Mr. Davis, bnt now declined doing HO. He, however, read a'se- ries of resolutions which he had intended to offer as expressive of his individual views. They take extreme• was dipcussedin favor of its immediate initiation. Un- cal aspects of the case, and also recommends that selves put upon paper with infinite pleasure. Theirand State Rights. In 1832 he was elected to the Uni- ted Slates Senate a* the colleague of Mr. Calhoun, and at bnco toetka high position as a debater. He resigned i l l place in the Senate in 1812, and returned to his practice in South Carolina.. THE COST OF SLTPOBTIMC MR. DOUGLAS.Mr. Craig of Missouri \o t his nomination owing Southern ground, claiming that it is the duty of Con-der these circumstances, it might appear idle in him to speak in favor of the measure here; but he was im- pelled to do so from the fact of being the chairman of the Committee whp had drawn np Lhe report. The great difficulty- which met tbe Committee arose, notthe administration of the. discipline shall be made to conform to the declaration of principles contained in so much of that portion of foe report soeited, as far as the tame may be allowed by the laws of the several States, and.recommends moderate discussion of the questionappreciation of the photograph is very distinct. The Japanese are all earnest to be " taken," and are quite unhappy at the thought that they may be compelled to leave America before the opportunity is, opened tovote for the resolutions as the best that could be got.Mr. CLAYthe " scarlet letter." purpose.Variousamendmentswereofferelfl,bat Mr.GI\EENcontendedthattheresolutionswerethe principal one was by Mr. Hauvlton of Texas, not intendtd as a platform for the party. It had always proposing two routes, which will be the real test been the habit of deliberative bodies to decide tueir opinions by resoln ions. He defended Missouri against before C<ngress. Tb> bill is made the special what had been eaid by the Senator from Ohio, Mr. I^ngb.^ That State is in favor of the".platform of themajority of the Committee at Charleston.on the details. The necessity for and the utility ofsuch a work when completed was universally conceded.The voice of the people, expressed in their State Legis-latures, expressed through their representatives inCongress, and expressed iu popular conventions, hadlong since spoken out in favor of the work, and hadstamped it as one of the most important and vital ques-tions before the country. As to tJm importance of it,be would say that the largest committee which had satduring any session of Congrees bad unanimously re-ported in "favor of it, and of the route laid down,and urged its' importance to the Government and tothecountry,asamilitarymeansofcommu-tanglementswhatever.'Hethereforemovedthatthe nication las "a means of "postal communication, substitute be laid on the table. The Yeas and Nays and for the commercial benefits it offered to were called for, and tho motion to lay on'the table pre- the whole country, in opening np a communication vailed by a vote of 136 to 83 This vote cannot be with the distant States and Territories of the Union. considered as an actual test of the sentiment of the A s a means of defense to the Pacific posse ssions it was Conferet ce, as many of the Conservatives voted in of vital importance; and in that aspect, if it had no favor of laying the substitute on the table, probablyCarusi, instructor of light fantastics to'successive'lU 1845, and continued in that position till 1851, whenbelieved the same cause will operate injuriously on TAr. Clingman's reelection to the Senate.said he had intended to speak in favor of the resolutions, and was sorry ho was physically ua- allc to do so, and especially was he sorry that he was The Pacific Railroad bill was taken up in the unable t'> reply to the assaults and aspersions of his State by the Senator-from Illinois, whose whole argu- Hou?e, and Mr. Curtis made an able and effective ment "wasto misrepresent the Democracy of Alabama. The Senator from Illinois bad garbled* resolutions to .show that Alabama was in favor of non-intervention. Suth never wi»s the cs»se. He defended Mr. Yancey, large map which was brought into the hali for; the and declared himself ready to indorse what was calledTHE PACIFIC RAILROAD.opei/iog speech, demonitratiug the advantages of the route recommended by the Committee, on aand his sentiments in favor of the-perpetuity of the dress, improved, the best faculties with which natureorder for Monday and Tuesday next.fevf and slirpa>sed by none.'OBART HAIX SEMINARY.—A new female seminaryTho House went into the consideration of the Pa- Subsequently,'Mr. MALLORY witKdre,w hiasubsti- cific Railroad bill. !THE HON. WILLIAM C.PRESTON.acted on the Amendments to the Military Academy wished to reply to the.Senator from Obio (Mr. Pugh", unprotected position of*. California, its great distance that Kentucky was a sure Democratic State, and he from tbe eas'ern settlements of the State, and the diffi-biH providing for calling out a regiment of mount- (Powell)<then referred to past elections in that State to culty of reaching them should an emergency arise, theThe OJd Sclsool Assembly. SKCOiN'n'- BAY..'. ROCHESTER, Thursday, May 24, I860.security by his experienced presence, was as rare a sight, I think, as ever the Japanese eye rested upon. The juvenile operations were charming. Their hearty happiness extended to all who looked upon them. The Embassadorsscanned,notgravely,asatGen.Cass's ball, but gaily, the animated groups that darted by them, and seemed to share the sport of. tho affair at once. For more than an hour, the Japanese hngered to watch tho movements of the youthful multitude, and only departed when the lengthening hours' called the little merrymakers away..ing at No. 98 West Thirty-seventh street, with appro- priate religious services in the Church of the Hf>ly In- noeients, adjoining the premises of the school. Hobart Hall is the continuation and enlargement of Murray HullinwhichtheRector,theRey.JohnJ.Elmondo'rf, labored for some years. B^is a plain Gothic building, 100 feet in length, and fronting 25 feet' on Thirty- - feyenth street, divided into tyi o spacious halls, fitted for|the utecommodation'of one hundred day-scholars.Ii;is intended to supply the aeivantages of a school .wobre girls may be educated to be both young ladies an| intelligent. Christian women, under the supervision ofJbe ehu'rch and its ministers, and with au avowed! recognition of its faith and laws. The opening ser- vice* consistedofasermonby theRightRoy.'Bishop So»i)hgate on tho education of women, and a brief ad- drc«i by the Rev. Dr. McVicar.'the fourth of the^Davis series, declaring that thethought also that the.doctrine' of the Republicans ledIowa iSepubliean State Convention. o'clock; Judge Ewart of Ohio chairman pro tern. street, it was discovered that tho side wall of theU>Disunion. He had ottered the.amendmenttothe existing condition of the Territories did not re- r<-%"«tion», looking to the preservation of the Union, j -quire the intervention of Congress to protect After further -colloquy the vote was taken on theSlavery in the Territories, which Mr. Brown pro- •first resolution, which "was carried by the following. Y eas and Nays:, _ •IOWA CITY,Thursday,May24,18<i0.. The Republican State Convention-for the nomination of State edficers, and the Congressional Convention for the nomination of a candidate for Congress in thoSecond District of this State, were held to-day. TheAfter the usual introductory exercises, tlw report was school edifice was badly cracked. Tho President ofreatlbytheCorrespondingSecretary,theRev.B.Gri.tith. The receipts of the business Department for th. the Iloard of Education was immediate'y notified, andyear are $49,937 26; benevolent department, $16 upon hit*arrival at the school he ordered tho children-—619 03—a. slight falliug off in both departmen abort. one thousand in number—-to be forthwith dis- from the previous year. Fifty-two now publica-sustain his.position. ' House would at once t-ee the'necessity of this overland AdiscussionhereensuedbetweenMessrs.PUGH, routei. liemustsay,thatincaseofwar,or,indeed,ed Texas volunteers. The House will not consenttothatamendment,buttheCommitteemayagree,in view of the necessity for more effective protec-tion from Indians on the frontier, to authorize tworegiments of cavalry to be permanently mounted etfengh. . "1 solutely imperative. The present, route WHS often redfrom among ten regiments of infantry now iD the Mr. HALE (Rep., N. H.J iaid he wanted a vote, but with internal war and overrun with hostiletribes, whichregular service. This would involve an expendi- if the thing was to go on, ana Democratic members of the remdered if| very unsafe for tbe transport of munitions South «re to vindicate their States, as New-England of war. In case of a war breaking out with any foreign,.1-,U—til •UL.A.MM'iUtf'msua1*51*1tion of fact. .- • }-.-', ]•'.Mr. GWIN (Dem., Cal.) proposed to lay both on;XXXVITH COFG-RESS. ' the table->for the prevention of the spread of the cattle disease. ' .," '• • 'Texas Politics.N K W - O R L E A N S , Thursday, May 24,1860. Adviceshave been received hero from Galveston, Texas,statingthatameetingoftheprincipalcitizenston, C. P. Abbott, J. 3. Dickernon. R. Jeffrey, J. H. Cottfe, B. 11. Fendffle, Inaac Pord, Thoma* TOIJOQAIJ, Win. Bucknell, H. GF. Jones, rjjrctor». /' •The anniversary of the Baptist Missionary Uriion, th* most important of these societies, is to helel to-morrow.CINCINNATI,May 22d, 1860.'Mr. BROW2t* (Dem., Miss.) contended that the ne- groes were slaves at home, and that if it was inhu- nan to return them home it was not inhuman to bring them away. As the treaty required it, however, he would send them, back, but would not vote money, to support them.Mr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga.) was ready to have the negroes sent back, and to make all suitable provision for them, hut nothing more.Mr. DAVIS'S (Dem., Miss.) amendment was re- jected by Yeas 17, Nays 38. Those who voted in the affirmative were: Messrs. Brown, Chestnut, Clay, Davis, Iverson. Mallory', Mason, Nicholson, Rice, Se- bastian, Slidell, Thompson, Toombs, WigtaJl, Yulee,Johnson 1 Ark.), and hitzpatrick.Mr. MASON (Dem., \ a . ) moved to strikeout thewords, whenever practicable, relating to the duty of United States vessels to carry the negroes back, ao-as io place them directly uxder the direction of the.Presi- dent.Messrs. BENJAMIN (Dem., La.) and MALLOPY said the amendment was totally immaterial. The amendment was lo8t.• Mr, MALLORY (Dem., Pla.) offered a substitute for the bill authorizing the apprenticeship of the negroes for live years prior to their removal to Africa. The object was to enable them to support themselves when they returned.Correspondence, Narrative, Finance, and Devotional nious, debate—the three Princes occupying one sofa, The bill was passed. Among its appropriations is Exercises.'. . .- and five or six officers next in rank, another, the inter-v,:.5ehould never'be inteifered with, and it was rejected as and fairly considered it^ the tiext question was, where Republican Katlflcation Meeting. meeting to take measures for a union with the DonOurf-WEW-YOBE DAILY TRIBIIJ*E, FRIDAY, MAY 25, I860.FV«V, -^iH-<•*'><•-**'•' 'ar m V<f-follows: Nays, 36; Yeas,.20. , > - ought such a railroad to be construrted, and by what v BOSTON, Thursday, May 24,18.60. national Bible Society, they presented in their report aThe vote was the same as onthe first resolution, with means could it be bestlaid down T He would make it Paneujl Hall was crammed to-night with Republi- statement allowing that legal obstacles have prevented h certain, however, that the Health Officer *"* j.Japaneee hence, but it is decided that they will visit the nddition of Mr. Trumbull's nsune to the yeas. . ; an object of general competition to the people of the cans, to ratify the nomination of Lincoln and Hamlin. the proposed union. A resolution of thanks to thm Jai» subordinates are engaged in attending to thoir 1 the Nnval School at Annapolis. They will stop a day The question was then taken on the second resolu- whole/country.: It had been said that it would bo im- The Bon. N. P. Banks presided, and made a speech, Board for their action in the matter exciteda somewhat5 m Philadelphia, also in Baltimore. In addition to tion. Yeas,-36; Nays, 20^-same vote as the previous possible to induce capitalists to engage in such an en- indorsing 4be proceedings of the Convention, paying oyer-earoeft discussion^ in wbirh the inteprrity of thd*fcB necessary preparations' to protect the port. It r ' T ^ e positive date is fixed for the departure of thexduties, and th# physician of the Marin* Hospital New-York, they will probably visit West Point and iareadytotakechargeofanyHospital-whichthetheanna-•xnannfifcturingestablishmentsatHartford,one. ':.. , i :••.• , "<.:- '•' o w. H&p.,' • • ••<,••;>-<•:•>\ terprise; but, under the proviaiems of the bill, there that from tbe bottom^of hisheart he gave a hearty ap- managers of the American and Foreign Biblo Society Tbethirdresolutionwastakenup..'.•-....;,.' 'wouldhenowantofcapital.Allthatwasnecessaryprovaltothenominations. ,. V was.impeached,andthe'onlyobstacleinthewayof<3©minis*ionexs shall pf ovide.\; . ! g»and perhaps Springfield.There has been no serious illness among them since"•'•* I their arrival.-Mr. CRHTENDEN (S, Am., Ky.) said he had all his life held the doctrine that Congress had1 power to txelude 'Slavery from the Territories. If the Supreme Court bad decided otherwise, be could not yet concur with them, but,1 on the ground of, that decibion, would vote for this and the ensuing resolution. ,The vote stood: Yeas 36, Nays18—Messrs. Kingfor .the Government to do was to lay down the lino and; "• Resolutions were adopted congratulating the people consolidation was stated te>be their unwillingness to the particular route it was to take; and there would be upon the unanimity with which the platform and nomin- offeert it. The debate was participated in by tie Rev. no want of capital. Mi*. Gurtis^then pointed out, on a' ations were adopted at Chicago, regarding it as an ear- Drs. Taylor Be»ckus. and Bright of New-YorfcV map exhibited in the l>all for the purpose, the route nest of Victory that constitutional and political princi- Culver, of Ohio, the Rev. .Messrs. Reed of Illinois, which had been adopted and recommended by the Com- ples worthy.of the age were adopted, there, while the Johnson of lownr; Jeffrey of Pennsylvania, Haynes of mittee, The great bjectkept in view by the Committee Baltimore Convention ventured no political principles, fc^-York, and Richards ofJRhode Island.principally waBtolay downthis routethrough a country and tbe Charleston Convention was not able to agree The afternoon session was principally devoted to tb<8 where it would be of the easiest access to the wholeand'Collamer not voting. -. . * ". - •Tbe fourth "resolution came up. . • : „Mr. PUGH explained, inasmuch as the resolutiontive. .'..•-,•''•-.•. from Missouri, for the benefit of the Southern States, .Addrtsscs were made. by Mr. Andrews, Chairman reminise-ences.Mr. CLINGMAN (Dem., N. C.) offered the foUow- and the other commencing in Iowa, both gradually A resolution of thanks to Df. Sprague of Albany, for ing resolution as an amendment: converging,for two hundred miles till they reached of tbe Massachusetts delegation, the Hon. George S v his labors in behalf of Baptist biography, was passedjugs of the Sardinian Congreisa and the Executive doc- for the piotectioii of property in slaves." 1 any other that could he proposed. Be then proceeded to Charlestown, and Cambridge, with transparencies and were delivered by tbe Rev. A. H. Burlingbam, New-declared that Congress had power over the Territories,, be could not vote for it. : Ithe resolutions. He Wanted to know if the resolutionsweremeantforaplatformorasmatter of legislation. .;Mr.REAGAN(Dem.,Texas)offeredanamendment Thiswasthewholenubofthequestion,anditcould1 makingthecorporatorsnamedtheTrusteesfor theSENATE.....WASHINGTON.May24,1860.Mr. BENJAMIN (Dem., La.) called attention tothe not be evaded. He"thanked the Senator from North Company to be hereafter organized under their au-TheBaptistscameupintheirstrengthto-daytoat1 was held there, irrespective of party* to take action in terd the forty-rixth annual meeting of the Americandential election.Mr. CLINGMAN offered to withdraw his resolution. Mr. BENJAMIN objected.Mr. WIGFALL (Dem., Texas) objected to the char-acter of the amendment. .'•»..Mr. BENJAMIN suggested that they could voteagainstthepropositionofthoSenatorfromMississippi, and also against that of the Senator from North Caro- lina,- and thus express "no opiuion by voting both down.Mr. P O W E L L said that he should vote both against the proposition of the Senator- from Mississippi and from North Carolina.Mr. L A N E (Dem., Oregon) explained that he should vote against both, because he did not want to obstruct the passage of the resolutions.Mr. MALLORY said he had not requisite informa- tion to vote on a question of fact.prifce. He did riot believe an honest bill could pass. The House adjourned; the bill pending.. . ' • • ; — ^ _ _ " • ,United Presbyterian Gen'l Assembly.Sjpedal Diapotch to The N. Y. Tribune. PHILADELPHIA,Thursday,May24,1860.fonn was fully indorsed.Two Boys Killed by Uffhtnin?.this morning at 10 o'clock. Tho attendance from abroad was considerably larger than at the Publication Society, and the house was well filled at the hour of epening. The President, the Hon. George N. Brings,the information they ever would have. • . attendance. The principal business transacted this, j Mr. BROWN defended his amendment.Mr. CRITTENDEN commenced to explain his morning was the selection of a Moderator. Dr. Clokey views,.-but gave way for a motion to adjourn.Total.,*-••.»••.$1£2,426 22Paidadebt...... 38,932 11proposals under "the direction of tho President; the lineis to be constructed within two years, from some point Psalmodyi Committee.or .pointttTJn- the west line of Slissouri, to unite with This will be the most important business before theno doubt conveyed with considerable certainty tq theJapanese the conviction that the legislative business ofgress, in organizing the Territories^- to provide for the from any opposition tothe measure, or doubt of _its hereaiter, taking care, however, to maintain the Anti- theni. '.to the zealous part he took for Mr. Do iglas. It is piotcction of slave property. He. should, however, practicability, or doubt of its necessity,.-but from fixing3Tc became President of the University of the StateTHE MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.. The Committee of Conference have not yet been ready to vote for the resolutions. He simply • the Honse. When they considered the isolated and shall•eventually settle the whole question.Mr. POWELL (Dem., Ky.) said that he had alwaysother recommendation, it was worthy the attention of with a view of arriving at some definite action which 'ThereportoftheBoardofPublicationwasreadand POWELL, and CLAY in regard to the votes in during times of peace,,the expense, and difficulties, and adopted. . - .Charleston and in the States. dangers of transporting needful aid, or troops, or muni- An attempt was made to change The Sabbath Mr. DOOLiTTLE (Rep., Wis.) appealed for a vote. tions of war, to these distant Territories, was so great School Visitor to a semi-monthly paper, but failed ofHe thought the funeral ceremonies had lasted long that it rendered a speedy means of communication ab- adoption.The. Special Committee on the memorial of Mis.bad.no representative here,] he^ should feel himself Power, the] first blow struck would be against Califor- proposed Texas regiment, but give great efficiency called upon to speak for New-llampahire. [Laughter.] nia, entirely unprotected and removed from aid. HerMr. DA VIS said that as the Senator from Wisconsin wealth, an|d the prosperity of her people, and its im- tothe service. (Doolittle)hadlefttheDemohniticpartyhecouldnotbe portanceneiw,and itsgrowing importanceinthe fu-MR. DAVIS'S RESOLUTIONS. reckoned among the mourners. l . ture—her gold mines and her silver mines—would .at Mr. DOOLITTLE said that he followed the Demo- once attract the avarice of a foreign foe, who wouldMost of the sitting of the Senate was consumed eraticvflag for twenty year», and till Calhouuism bid ne>t only take-possession of "it for the time being, butMary Ann Richardson, reported recommending that the memorialist have leave, to withdraw her memorial. The lcporr. was adopted. • _The subject of the reorganization of the boards then came up.The Rev. .Dr. Boardman .spoke in reply to Dr. Thornwell,andstyledhisPresbyterianismas noPres- byterianism at all, but a system levitical-in the ex- treme.Dr. B. M. Smith obtained the floor, when the ad-ture of about $900,000, or one year's cost for theon Mr. Davis's resolutions, without reaching a taken the place of th'e principles of the party. might oVtermino on its occupation in the future He: journment carried. dia not doubt but that in such an event the people ofThe American Baptist Publication "Society, locatedat Philaelelphia, commenced its annual session here to-day7. The annual sermon before tho Socictyvwaspreached Sunday evening, by the Rev. Reuben Jeffreyof Philadelphia." The sermon was,, denominationallyconsidered, a strong one, though loose in historicalstatement, claiming everything for Baptists, and leav-ing little beside- the busks and straw of error for Keiilfpn's Mills, North Stonington, Conn,, by theconclusion. On the first three the Democracy Mr. MALLORY detendea the action of the delegates •California wonld be able to defend themselves. They•J . m-4We are requested to publish the following:from Florida at Charleston.present voted solid in the affirmative—including Mr. FESSENDEN (Rep., Me.) said he should voteMessrs. Bright, Bigler, Gwin, Thompson, Pugh, hgaint-t all the resolutions, because he thought the Sen-ate not the place to make party platforms, or discuss Latham, Lane, and l&ce, seconded by Messrs. abstract principles. 'Kennedy and Crittenden, Americans. All the Re- Mr. COLLAMER, (Ren.. Me.) had very much the publican* present voted in the negative. On the same objections. Possibly*he .might not Vote against some of the resolutions standing 'alone, but he musthad men, but they had not the arms, or material of war, and this material could not be transported therein time e»f war. There were; millions at stake, and most important h terests were jeopardized, even on consider- ing this qin stionfin a military point of view.; and in this view itcommended itself to the Government of the .country. But in the absence of all considerations of this nature, the Commercial advantages to be tierived from such a route were incalculable. ' They required lo have! spee^dy communication with their friends in .California, SO that they might derive to the fullest extent the.benefits and advantages of the devel- opments and'resources of their possessions, both on the Pacific and lhe Atlantic/—military, postal and commer- cialnecessities;axidthemostimportantinterestsoftho whole country demanded a Pacific railroad.as a means of securing prosperity in peace, and repelling hostili- ties in time of war! And the fact that the country was now at pea-e, and was not likely to be disturbed byTBie'.General Assembly.PITTSBURGH, Thursday, May 24,18C0. The General Assembly heard this morning an ad- dress by the Rev. Dr. Wood of New-York, a delegate frcm the Foreign Missionary Board, with which it is connected. The remainder of the day was devoted to the consideration of the proposed modification of the Assembly's plan of education. There is much attach- ment to the plain and it is not likely that it will bemore than sbghtiy changed.The sacrament of the Lord's Supper was celebrated this evening.•*•AJjET. BVIN«TOX, KorwaUC, your wife in dangoroiuly sick.of the Union. He thought the doctrine of Popular or Mr. Clingman introduced a resolution to follow Squatter Sovereignty led directly to Disunion. liest-.eet Baptist Church on Monday. morning, at 9| Sch'lol No. 29, located at Nos. 97 and 99 Greenwichponed to amend by striking out ''not," so as to as- YEAS—Mea»r». Beiijanujln, Bigler. Brugc. Bright, Brown, war, ought "not to give too much security, and^ ought old State officers were nominated for.(reelection, andtions have ' been itwued during the year, wit misted.Ch^imut, Clay, CHnifinan, Critt«-ndnn, Davia, Fit/patrick, On-on,sert bis Slave Code idea. When the division Gwiu Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johruon (Ark ), not to weigh against the consideration of the impor-was about being called, be commenced a speech, JoWon (Tenn.), Kwmedy, Laue Latham, Mallory, MIIHOJ. tance of tin: project in a military point of view,"for JJlch</l»ou; Tvtirc*; Polk, J>ow<U, Kice, Pugh, Sebastian, SlldeU it ought to be (remembered that let it be com-and soon thinned oat the galleries. An attempt Tl)OD3»on. Tooiubs, WigfelJ, Yulco—36. • ' . _ . _ _ = menced when it may, it would require ten years JN'A YS—JMrmr* BliiKhaxn, Chandler. Clark, Collamor, IMxon. to complete; it. j Looking forward, them, throughWm. Van Dever was unanimously nominated for re- election to Congress. Lincoln and Hamlin were hearti- ly indorsed.a total of 29,382,500 pages; 470,000 books au tThle. Tmstce.B of this school somo time ago petitioned.was made at the conclusion to proceed with the DcoMle, FeM«nde«, Foot, Fwjtor, Oriuxi-n. Hale, llamlin Ilur, Ian. Kiux, Himmouu, Suxaiirr, Ten Eyck, Wade, WiLnon—19.*vote, but Mr. Crittenden aignified his desire to speak, and the adjournment was granted at six o'clock. Debate may be closed to-morrow, or may accidentally take a new direction.those . ten years, it would bo hard to calculateSA V ANNAH, Thursday, May 24,1860.There was a duel tbiB morning at Senveu's Ferry, culated; 34 churcheB organized, and about 1,000 indi-Mr. TRUMBULL (Rep., 111.) did not VOWJ.Tbe quei-tion was then tak«n on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. HARLAN, Rep.) to the second resolution, that free discussion on the morality of Slavery, or free speech, or freedom of the press,the growth} in wealth, population and importanceof California and Oregon", Washington and theother Terri-ories,!that will spring into existence inthat time, and which will create a greater necessity forthis line. Supposing Congress took up tho question changed, and tbe affair was amicably adjusted.viduals converted. The report was adopted after re- marks by the Rev. Mr. Read of Shurtlcff College, 111., and the Rev. G.J. Johnson, Iowa.i•• iThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled DocumentThe motion was supported and opposed by members,••>.-—;:•'•'"««;.?!>.•.».!•iW&-s*. - .V. ' * -.',r" fiesotrtd, T-bat the exiting condition of the TerritorioB of th« GrandTrunk line. One of the advantages of- this Boutwell, and others.. C unanimously.of Sardinia has presented to*Spcaker Pennington, fori:':"fIHE LATEST NEWS, jj the United $taies? thirty-two volumes of the proceed-, the "United Stntt-8 doee not require the intervention of Congrean line was that it would be some 280' miles shorter than Large delegations were present from Chelsea, . Jn the evening, addresses in, behalf of tbe Society;•. •' I • From Wa»hin;rtoii. • • . .Mr. DAVIS thought this ft question of fact, while the State of the Union. He did so4 because he thoughtRECK1VED BYcliidcd by again Urging the importance and necessity of entering upon the project at once.At the back part of tbe hall, in the early part of the Rev."Wr. W . Everts. D. D., Chicago. At the openiugMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.Mr. DA VIS (A. L. Dem., Ind.) moved that the billensuing year:Ittfessaebusetts I^egfMJulnre. . ' Pwifk-nt, the Hon. J. H. Dnncen, MM: ; for*y-«iri»t Vfc«rBOSTON, Thursday, May 24, 1860. Pre*toVnl»; tbeBev. B. Griffith, Correnpondlnfc Secretary; the Atit meeting of the Governor and Council to-day, a Kev. G. C. Buldvin, Recording Secretary: Waiihinjrtoa Bntcber,proclamation was issued convening an extra session of Treasurer;.J. W. Smith, W. Randolph. G. W. And^-ram. Wm. CaUicait, J. C. JDavi*. P. H. Ca*«ady, J. P. Levy, Wm. Wildor,the Legislature on Wednesday next, to adopt measures W. T. FraHley, J. Hyatt Smith, S. B. Van Duzen, J. W. Sez£$*dbl Dfinmtoh to Tb* S. Y. Tribunemoved, could be properly considered and discussed un- der the rules of the House.:.» tf.uments. The Charge dAffaires, in making the com- Mr. BROWN (Dem., Miss.)- moved to strike out the; munication, expresses the hope that their contents may word "not," after the wen-d "does." . ' •' •• *jewte the provisions of the-bill as published, and con-j music. York, the Rev. J. Hyatt Smith of Philadelphia, and tbo' • •Mr. CRITTENDEN said, as he supposed the conn-; try was in a state of peace, he thought the existing con- dition did not require intervention.evening, threo cheera.were given for Douglas. / I • .-.prove interesting, and shares the amicable feelingswhich actuated his fellow-countrymen., , The Republican ratification meeting next Monday istobehelu in front of the City 'Hall.' The speakersengaged for the occasion are Senators Wade, Wilson,Bale, Doolittlc; and Representatives Wiishburn of vote the amendment down, and not decide on a ques- nitude, and upon which many amendments would be Maine, Beale, Bingham, and Grow. .of the session the following officers were elected for thothe resolutions were a mere declaration.of principles. it impossible that a bill involving interests of such mag- Mr. GREEN {t>eva.y Mo.) thought they had betterbe referred to tbe Committee of the Whole House onspfrcB, and to prevent' stock-jobbing swindlers from regard to the secession of the Southern delegates fromCarolina, and wanted to know when he was going to ; Baptist Missionary'Union, which was held at tho settle this question—whether now or after the Presi- enriching themselves and breaking down the enter- the Charleston Convention,.and that the Southern plat- First Baptist Church (Rev. N. Coles) commencingThis morning,jthe roll of theAssembly was madeoutand called by Dr. Prestley of Pittsburgh, Pa., for^ From Our Own Roportor.For Mixcet. Item*... 3,670 09 •LOC&i*•••••••• • ...$55,31774Kelly and Alfred Collins, were killed by lightning ' strikingthe treeunderwhich theyhadtakenshelter.Ohio, was appointed Chairman pro.tem. .The first day was mainly occupied in receivnig the report of the Treasurer, N. Boynton, esq., and in listening to tho long annual report/whicn was r<\ad hy the Correspond- ing Secretary, the Rev. J. G. Warjren. The report of the Treasurer ie as follows:the two bodies out of which this Assembly was; Two others at the same time were slightly injured. ,' formed held separate meetings yesterday, and trans-Balance on hand $176 37. The. Treasurer's report being accepted, the Rev. J. G.jI.Warren, Corresponding Secretary, commenced the! reading of the annual report, which was continued until near the cleise of the afternoon session, much to thc|discomfort of some uneasy brethren. In brief, tho report states that the Union "has under its control 19 missions. Tbe Asiatic missions have 16 stations, 350out!stations; French and Gejman missions, 70 sta- tions, 649 out stations; Indian missions, 12 stations and sub-stations. There are 42 males and 43, females, including those in this country and excluding those in Europe,""and 364 native preachers antl assistants, ex- clusive of those in Europe; in Europe, 125; total, 489. The number of churches is 355; baptisms, as far as re- portjed, 2,840; whole number of members (.reports not complete); 27,017. Two of the female assistants bar* died, during the year, but,none of tbe missionaries. Four have been appointed, and several who have been, spending some years in tbis country are soon to re- turn). 372 life members have been "added during the year, making the present number 6,784.* The various sections of the report were referred to Committees. The amendments to the Constitution pro- posed at the hist annual meeting, coming nnf this year ui.lprder, A. B. Copwell, esq., N. Y., moved to refer tbcjjn to a Spocial&Commit.tee of nine, with instructionsto report as soon as possible. Tbe motion was second- ed by the Rev. Dr. Bright, N. Y., and carried with hut;little opposition. Tho proceedings thus far have been;entirely of. a routine character, snd the debatesCharleston, and other Atlantic cities, to San Francisco; A spicy debate sprung up on a motion to hear the tion of the Japanese was of questionable comfort. on jmeasures" of policy which usually enliven these gath-Adjourned. • • • 'HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.Tbe Bouie proceeded to act on the amendments re- ported yesterday from the Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union to the Civil Appropriation bill: Among those concurred in was one appropriating$60,000'tor seeds and cuttings, to be distributed by the Patent Office.jsure, as little turbulence as is to be expected wheneverMr. Wigfall is entertaining himself, upon the floor, as prayer by the Moelerator, the following Standing he was thismorning. The Embassadors entered about Committees were announced: Overtures, Judiciary, 12 o'clock, sat through a brief, and slightly acrimo-AFTEUN00N SESSION.$1,000,000 for taking the census. The report of the Executive Committee of the Board preter Namoura standing between—and then pro-Mr. COLFAX (Rep-, Ind.), called up the Senate'sPa( ific Telegraph bill; He was originally in favor of of Home.Missions was presented and read. Thegiving out the-contract to the lowest bidder, but he amount granted to missionaries in the home field dur- through several of the ante-rooms on their way. Inhad become convinced that it was not the beet plan. Mr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.) moved to strike out tbenames of the corporators, Messrs. Barnum, Sedg-ingthe year was.$11,290.An invitation was received by the Assembly fromthe House, they firtt took the gallery seats reserved for foreign legations, but in a few moments the princi-wick, and others, and insert that the contract shall Dr. Parri&h to visit the School for Fceble-Minded pal Embassadors descended to the floor—a proceeding be given to the lowest guaranteed bidder after propos- Children, at Mecia; also from the Noon-Day Prayer- which must forever set at rest all. doubts as toJapanese courage. The House was in its usual tone of which was very encouraging. Arrangements, tumult, but displays of frantic rhetoric were fortun- were made for engaging in devotional exercises every ately averted by the continual calling of the roll, whichals'havebeen invited 60 days from the passage of the bill. | '>'••, » •The amendment was agreed to, 93 against 82.The bill was passed, 101'against 73.The Secretary of the Treasury is to advertise,for day. Additional members were placed on the was repeated three times during the visit, and whichMeeting. Reports were read from 31 Prebyteries, thethit nation is mainly carried on by perpetual ejacula- Washington', New-Y ork, Boston, New-Orleans, Assembly—the revision of the Psalm-Book. , . i tions of A ye and No. While upon' the door, the posi-the parties contracting are to have the right of way Rev. Mr, Connelly on behalf of the Colonizationfor ten years; the Government is not to paj| more than Rude members pressed around and glared at them with $40,000"annually, and. to havepriority of the line; the Society to-morrow. Elder Dickey was opposed to it, rather less scruple than is shown by the unthinking rates to!the public are' to be three dollars per tenwords.erings are not expected until to-morrow. This even- ing an address was delivered by the Rev. E. E. T*. Tailor, D. D., of Brooklyn. •'as it was organized to bolster up the bloody system of ornwd At WiiiA.-a-o, «.mi wfien tney rose to depart, theAmerican Slavery. Some could not favor the Socici/-,;emotions of a great many gentlemen found expression while they woulel.do all they could to build upareK in a concentrated guffaw. I take it for granted, thatMr. CURTIS (Rep., Iowa) addressed the House in public on the Coast,of Africa. It was finally laid on; Simmi, Prince of Boojsen, will not, upon bis return favor of the bill. He said that the desire of construct- the table. Adjourned. < home, advocate tbe immediate establishment of aing a railroad to the Pacific was Universally concurred in bv fheiwhole country. There was not a member in the House who did not admit the necessity of such a means of |speedy communication to the Pacific slopes, and to the State of California. He himself looked: upon it as one of the most importnntinmasurea ever submitted to the consideration of the people of ithe coun-! '• • - ? national House of Representatives on tho American Methodist Episcopal General €on-i plan. ., ': * -• ference. / By,the splendors of the Capitol,—and in spite of its TWENTIETH OAV.BUFFALO, Thursday, May 24, 1860. j eruptive and tawdry magnificence it has splendors,—e learn by telegraph thai, the HOT*. WIUMMM C. Prjpston of South Carolina, died on Wednesday at the Capital of that State. Mr. Preston was born in Phila- delphia Dec. 27, 1794, while his father, then anjiijrober from Virginia, was attending Congress in that citfy. He was, on his maternal side, descended from, Patrick Henry. As a student at the University of uath Carolina, he was distinguished for his fluencyterday.XKCJCIPT».From Donntion* Kr^m LezncieBFrom tbe W. S. Gv»t. Fr^rn Other Sonrces. From Donation* to-KXPKNDITdRKH.$75,03*5 sn For Mixtion* $78,263 98 9,596 3J ForApcncion 9,273 84 4,f08 33 For Salaries of Officer* 4,040 00 6,949 21 For Pnblioation« 1,662 88THEJAPANESEEMBASSY.ceeded to the House of Representatives, passingspeech and readiness in debate. In 1812 he gradm- that Conference for a new trial. . . cobwebs which floated pendant over the Speaker's ateid. and; rctnming to Richmond, entered the office---Slavery position of the Church. Dr. Durbin then pro-ceeded to speak in support of the substitute. He nadcarefully and prayerfully considered both the majority Washington generations, gave this evening an infantile ill health compelled him to resign. Since that time he and minority re;£rt8, and found that they both agreed ball in the hall of tho hotel, and besought the attend-on the moral asi-'**s of. the case,,and only differed •in ance of the Japanese, which was accorded. Into the ban lived in retirement. Mr. Preston was a Angularly regard to the action proposed, and he offered this sub- midst of mirth, strode the seventy-one strangers. It, eloquent man, and his influence over a popular assem- stitute as a compromise. . .Dr. JDurbin's speech was eminently conservative,was a pretty scene. A hundred children, in holiday.blage was truly electrical. But, while he was ready aild fluent, helacked that solidity arid breadth of thoughi* requisite to'produce a. lasting Impression. Hence,\union of the Stales and the union of the Church were had endowed their little feet. Carusi himself, whoreceived with applause. . . j might have taught |if he did not teach, George Wash-file he charmed, he did not convince, and his ora- .-, therefore, made no lasting impression upon hia j,;.Dr. Curry of New-York had hoped that this question would come before this Conference without any en-ington's sultatory ideas how to shoot, stalked grimlyabout,hisanxiousfaceallrosywithexcitement,con-trasting finely with the ample folds of spotless neck-tie'from which it struggled to protrude. Zealous Carusiwaving his arms on high, clutching at his hair asthings went momentarily wrong, sending out shaqiexpletives, rushing to the gallery to lead the orchestra,descending again to mingle in the mazy, and tO;lend j under the name of Hobart Hall was opened last even-»An Affair of Honor.wasbetween C. A. L. Lamar and Com. Moore, late of the Texas Navy. The difficulty grew out of tho evidence of the latter in Parnum'B case. Shots wore inter-,-.The Board having been instructed at the last annua the police, in accordance with, this late law. IBAPTIST~ANNIVERSA^R.IES.''Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.:•- CINCINNATI. May 21, I860.tracts circulated, and a monthly average of 96,00 for a new edifice, on the ground that the old buildingcopies of the Youn<* Reaper, a Sabbath-school paper; 177 libraries have been given to destitute schools, and 30 to destitute ministers; 42 colporteurs sustained; 275 Bibles given to destitute families; 24,000 volumes cir-unsafe. Tho petition was, however, wo believe^ rejecjed, and tho Department had the building strengthened by meun3 of iron rods and anchors. The P'emiisea were given into the hands of the Sanitary? Squad, and, unless the Board of E lucation take som« actio;i in the matter, the building will be torn down byofj|WiIliom Wirt, with whom he studied law.rcrs.Inprivatelifehewas«gracefullynatural, iable, and fascinating, and made many warm and devoted friends. Asa rhetorician, he was equaled byCdnif lioniti inirnediately. v •.»Tlcre hns been a now Post-Oflice established ati www.fultonhistory.com 