 iIIIH XNEWS FROM MEXICO.to theirIts much more'tfforta are being made ta reopen tbe stage a w*hPo«btoand the latent*-. Far thtpwtteaaarve bad no regular oommunicatioa with aay place oat-, — Mexico tas? Ft- Deviate bat aver so * . -*from the Capital-* mfmm-wmfiTtow to vuit the liberal forces, then rappofled fk)||«xioo to »je at Queretoro. The police at tbe gate of the *% laid h'jidorme.and.aftera delay of three hours, p Vtolttod1to charge of the of Minister Mcfcsaa) the cause of this suldea aidnaval fores ia this pom tor as need of a Ofth wheerto aTHECAPITALHOTYET iTT.Om aMeofMrxlooTbe distribution of tbeforcesof tka contending pantosthe same scenes whi'. sad the history of •a byword amongst r ^ J Jwho barsMay they prove equal to Iheto Acoach than there is of more toaa one United State* man- Unpopularity of Amador, the Liberal Gootrror—Consequent I liberalsS^r bera;ystltoara t n ^ ^ ^ J S ^ ^ Xthatourgovernmentareunder the i »F^< m *h**"l)a JFVwsVfvimore ships are needed aad that more will be ordered to M I Itntttr-too Unite* moUe Mommm* OyoneOn* mmmA A ,bee nei.miu torn8blAtI SeetA IMOATsea Qt'J BOTI Tb*r site < rsstl «t nihiljand ft Sugg*" potp helves pat a* | Khurcl badta ; lb»juf tbe ate mi jtetMwJ tontub bed em rat fticketiSides, tore tb peeupiitcarorl, forth* fed tad tbe hi State o H»at«s, paald centre She wo as bun I Thr* the act land im Scent j i»ia*,tl tbe melot the Itoss*.esBbeln sum ol ttoa •— S « » w ,so- la**Prince < wa« alt churchlataa b.o*:- itrERATIOXS M BOTH SIBE<.•fc •*» "V*W%Imported l«fMt «rMl IK'eptsX ft;M?ty off MexftcaCm •» Eai.oo, 9ept 3, ISM.MtUliMf Position of (Zergy in *r*£« /br Jfcaey—toJliMirtmto as presnrt abowt astettewa-—Oobos,Marqoer, Hira- mon, Gntlems aad Roblea, with ail their forces, ia occu- pation of that city and tbonbava.Puebla ia occupied oy one Ootoael FeraandeaGeneral OaatlOo is supposed to be still ia Guadalajara, unable to move tor want of money, and also on account of tfteTi inislsg llberaiforoaabeforetbe plaee.General Ortega, with tbe bulk of hia army (sav 8,000 men) Is still a Queretexo. SU advance, under Pueblil* occupied Coatttlaii yesterday. Huerta. Benloiabal, Ar- ramberri aad a host o: others are occupying the villages ia tbe Bajoe, holding themselvea ia readiaeas to ast upon the orders of Ortega.Dsgoltodo kr at Guanajuato, where tbe chief hcadqoar- are now eaUblisbea. Sea. Peas li ia !»»"••»• °TGen. Moreno holds latrwaa, Carva|al ,is to w», Sureliaao, as ever, at aaa Aagestto.#1»J*h**r: Fandinotboid daera avaea for aociunt of tWMieoraiO i r4 Tripto0* Laer9\atbts place: but 1hope ere this reaches you that they will vc^recelvtd a true statement of the case, Thare are tttoas where these ships are more needed than thai. Frsterday we celebrated tbe thirty fifth anniversary oftheir national Independence. It was s regular New York Fourth ofJuly; the United States ships Susquehanna and Savannah difssed ship and trod a salute of t venty-oae guna each, with the Mexican flag at the main.ftat^SoBfttoia.NEW YORK HffllALD, MOND^f_ OOTOBIH 15, 1880.-TRIPLBM BRifle-VititEscort of B rtgmm-tW*mm WaYr of Oa < ^ 3adResu!jiof<XvaWar—DtgoUadotA Cand^ Admission-List of Those who Bate and &* Amounts, dk. £ctaw t correspondent toft Mexico oa the l l t h totta Oiaps,d k - w w * of « a f *to steamer will leave without reporting any improve- ionofOaeilar. ....J dm.!.. thediligencetoproceed. Atthetemtoatl<mof^ first ment.By some Bktoas Amador, the Gevsjaer appointed byJuawez,becsmo^popuhtr,andwMlrtoaavisittoMaaat- new campaign. leadintie lan the peepfe of La Paz, aided and abetted (it Is said) byoas Rojo, tbe person appointed by Amador to aot for himto hto absence, found means to reverse matters entirely,and Amador was notified that the people of La Pax bad, aad tbe east and north of this valley are uader tae Gen. LaUavewis,at tost dates, « t^>£Z**tmw to scad a force la tbkt direction. He can raise so .ie C t o .iTtb^un^men m tbntregion,skd therel• aWd nothing to prevent aa oeerwbetoitog force being; beat"?«M»Ulsa?»y tbe above that tbe ele-gy eniyeeoupythreeawalled^tiea. * ^ ^ } ^ £ TM S 2 kTbere k some talk bare of aeadtog ^ j W g - g g so bad it ami Impossible to getfield, gave her the right to assume theC»srCte»-^ Jfcrrino Ortoga,but this of eearai. to S ' ^ ^ S t ^ * ^to raise money from the fstttliAiI to I V J ^ a " ^ " - ...ItfosatofGuadaiajara.MKMOO, Sept I-i, 1880. Orisje's Flan «/ Actio*—TTw Cities vsies Rrmain toMiramtn>-S:rwrP<ick<minaEuff—(MDijilomaiu«ib]f Ortega—Date of Ike"Maria Omcep:ton, 4%The only ci ties now remaining to tbe church tkattoa areGaadalajara, Mexico ana Paebla, aad tt is upon these that mast necessarily fall the weight of continuing Urn coa- tost. Already Turned by tbe Tarkms cruel aad illegal e i - a-ttens leried, it Is difficult to conceive from whence aay furtherresourcecanbeobtained,sothatiftbeliberal forces can only manage to keep tbe field, it would appear almost as a matter of course that tbe present faction must All of lbl own weight. Guadalajara taken, Ortegarapidly. Your correspondent,' being armei, fithgo rash ai to return there. vAmador Immediately took measures for eavforclag :T - a base Just reoMvod tbe rap »rt ^ ^ ° j « ^ J » h n106which Miramon had ever been overcome; and a that instance Ortega outgeneraled him, and then gave him a good thrashing. It to well to recollect,thethird daystravel* we came op v?ltl the liberals at Arroyozar«| ^omeMoreover, Gea. Ortega is entitled to the coa- mand from the prestige which attaches to hto aaao for having won the battle of Silos, over MTraaon,'a journey I learned that Gen. Ortega had leftV&aareto- tofaQ back upon Guadalajara At the r^ti'CMpt ofThe Spanish question is said to be only postponed, aadafter what has happened, really somebody toast interfereat tost; aadto to only to be regretted, to ovary respect, Ifthis teak should foil to the Spaniards, who will makeeverything worse, aad after the massacre of Spanish resi- declared against him, to fovor of Rojo, aad that exceed on tho llth of August That waa the first fight todents', which undoubtedly will take plaee, every foreigner irgly unpleasant consequences might ensue, should h<will be compelled to leave the country, losing tbe fruitscea of thethirty five lesgoos from, Meztoo, the roadf>lkl :n%*intend to auxardi•» who fa COamlfiUaAdfSf ftf to be BlOftBd Of U0 fofCo* . fcto|p, la.to Degollado, and owe* his cobMoad to tseVn I l T of the army and to the demand of the weaitowT iwwerfui State of Zao»toca« of wl>tea«ba!Ireoommecdations from Vera Cruz, received every atten-1» day we lave Una triumphal ertry of flee. Ro- 1 M« men from Wanloa aad Bsswra, baa presanted bbaself tion from tho oommander at Arroyotaroo. lTto •sslow-* interior being to tbe hands of the Spaniards, all out- authority In Lower California, and several hunlred stand however, that Miramon s forces were much inferiorMas, vita Ik* ctorty-fcross from tka East. Thi oece- etoa baa baam altoartsat with almost aa much maiiiiiassm a* la tmtn&j batwoWed upon a eleegy victory. Why itto a* oaa eniy ba eeeooated for on the tufajoeitioB that th* caertjy rejoice at tka robbery of m,fMiv*m the coo- •acta by'Robles, ard that be has arrived n*r* safely VMS artbeir forwo* froai Jarapa, Qr»z*ba, Perot* and Pmtoto. Tbaamvalof Babies-givea sheet 2,000 more a***tcia*jarrtoono/ thai otty, ant makes our roroesmtwatattog JUfce T,M0 m Tba only additieae! ihopedtorarethoaeofCastillo,free Guitalajira; i day alter day pewee, fears oa tb* fart off tba etor-aj a iwwen SLat Ceatlito will aot bo. aWc to rea;b tuts, arthathahasbe* already beaten or bought oyer bylag day we got on to Baa Juan del Bio, and the a! to Queretoro. Item Arroyozarao, this way, tb line to dotted with srosll garrisons of liberal Qacretaro to now held by Be.-riozabal, who has a some 1,200 mea la the place, and some 600 more orders to the vicinity. Befog compelled to toy day to Queretoro, I visited an Inspection of Bei fores, aad wat pleased to see some TOof them armed, clothed and disciplined. The^rest were ctplined net—mere guerillas. The country bot OSandQueretorobaareceivedtheattentionofaad the harvests promise well.At Queretoro we learned that the road aheaiInfested with robbers, aad i accordinglystandings will be, tost. of arms were seat to a small vessel from Matattoa to o thoae of Ortega; hat he had the advantage of However, this has been explained to satiety, aad if Saa Jose del Gabo—a pert several degrees southward of position, and stood solely on the defensive. Such aotherforeignnations will not aot upon it, we may have LaPaz. Jose Arano—a partisan leader of some litUe no- prestige aa this gave Ortega at once made himrof histaborof many years, besause the trade of all the\petition whs sent off by the American residents of intendel to await in the camp near and aboutmilitary commander, who promptly gave ate Ta*appa*^tao*atofMs^ue*tothepositionofsecondMexico,when,itlatobahoped,thisatrociousandtakeescortsfromthedifferentsmallgarrisonso«theThistotheheaviestbtowDegollado'couldbay*inflicted contingentstobesentbytheotherStates.These«es.Qrtoja.will then be able to direct the whale of hia for see against miaous contest will be brought to a close. The badnessto eoarwU baa be*a*t-cially eaasaaced, and Msrquez mad MlraKon have aiready had a aeries or inter, lewa. That appointment of «*aian who is a disgrace to human.-ty, to rail orer tbafcte of tbis capital cannot be too toudly deprecated. It ia only fbarsconth* ago that Mar. «a*z wcaueoouj*os*a*BBO*ttoww* Hiramon. He waa shea thrown into seison, whereme-eraekept until a Paw ears at >, when he-was let oat to «take the seccad com • •Had of the clergy amy,It is said Senor racbeca has opened a oomepoadeuce with Oca. Ortega pr opostaf a mediation. It ia iaposai- blatoaayanythingforcertainiaMexico,bat Itappears putty sure that ;*n. Ortega wfil not listen to the rav- toga of tbla Spaaiah diplomat.The laat reliable adr.ot* we have freea Gen. Ortegaare frwa Qaecetaro, under date of tba 30ta nit. Be hadthen ordered all of hie forces (16,000 men; to march forthis capital. They are reported to be alraaly at ArroyoIbis of toy travel to this place. However, do i eg upon his government, which of coarse tent aa order for eign residents of the town, la case of an assault by Arano.reinforcements, which have been promised, will swell the liberal force to the aggregate of eighteen thousand men and one hundred pieces of artillery. In the month of November, therefore, about theMiti, bat I think it impossible that the while train cannave yet oeaaa up to that paint. Doubtless before the worse than a Rowland for bis Oliver, and people begin to weak * out we abaU bare the two armies face to face, think that tbe eminent diplomatist of bygone years mustNew YORK HSRJUJD was cutting. This import*! made tbe more apparent aa we arrived at a pace, and the escort saluted me as I .got out of gence. My fellow travellers, amongst whom waft can General, looked upon me with the utmost aad awe, and doubtless s<* me down as some wi character. I, of course. did not help them to tion. My orders for escort being,of. tto positive character, I mads a formalbis precious time at Queretaro, instead of tailing upon tbecapital, where they had neither troops nor money. Oa and coming to rapidly. For precaution the muskets of four months ago in charge of the contingent of • iandittaeittcohtomakeaconjecture Mtothereaalt Ike clergy are Tory desperatelr off for money again. Tbe church plate of Otis eity has been coined and spent.have subsided Into a respectable aged female, or else he never would have allowed tbe tables to be so completely turned upon him.Tbe Spaatob ships which were to have insisted upm the snrreader of tbe schooner Concepclon, aad opoa tho rati-> 1the contrary, he committed the great blunder of retracing tbe Cyane's men were immediately loaded with ball men furnished by the State of Tsmaulipas, aad his steps in order to take GuatoaJajere, whereas be ought |r cartiidge, a round of canister waa put to tbe howitzer, Sossip says that he entertained strong hopes at to have left that enterprise for later times. andlhey ooanaetrced marching off lb* plateau which over- lat time of being chosen as commander-in chiefRe could certainly have taken Mexico, and might then looks La Paz, and opon which Rojo's foroes were drawn uphave bad tbe chance or rt storing toe stolen money. awaiting Arano's approach. Before the Cyme's men of the liberalists, and of which portion he hopedEven as it to, tbe capital is far from being able to de- bad advanced twenty yards toward the town the fight to make himself President And it to said that dis- fend itself, although some money has been furnished by commenced, and a perfect shower of ballets whtesed appointed ambition drove him back, for when he some bankers, making about 300 per cmt oa it. above and around tbe beads or tbe Americans, who, being arrived in front of the national army, aad foundNo d iubt tbey will claim tbla amount cf tbe libera} 1 placed to the 1 iaagreeable positioa of neutrals, coaid sestet himself only of third or fourth rate Importance, he covtrcment when in power, ana certainly they may fliid neither party, though as it were to tbe lis* of tr* of resigned in disgust, making as his excuse therefor numbers to back them, such rascality being just in the both. It to wonderful that none of the gffioers and men that his private interests were suffering materially lineofsomeofthem. wereinjuredbythisfire,which,althoughcertainlynitappears to have afforded the diplomatic carps an opportu- classified with any of iti predecessors, It exceeds them v* nity of again trying their handiwork, and there is littleTbe flgbt, however, did not tost long. Arano soon peaseraed himself of the hill on which tbs Caartsi stands,with a loss of five killed, Including his third officer, and the General, like Mr. Bell, turns the public over "to three severely wonnded. On the Side of Boyo it baa been his record" as the best evidence of hto sincerity aadsaver ity by mote than doable.Th*ra have bean a number of sklrmiabaa lately between tba clergy for. » and toe constitutional guerillaa stroll- ing about tbe valley. The guarillaa have btoome verydoubt but that tbe English, Prussian an 1 gpanish minis- ters have one aad all been engaged ia attempts to bring the contending pantos to aa amicable settlement. Theta-eed end water, not allowing tbeir families to send tnem Impossible to ascertain tbe loss, though it could aat have patriotism. What troublesome things to the publictaapo««nt, even to attacking tbe regular line forces of east difference which has always been supposed tj existkcDirer, and paia up. fled at tbe first charge of the enemy, their worthy Gover- who can do as Bell and Caravajal have done? What has beoomd of me money of the English debt In nor setting them the examnle. Although tbe affair was atba clergy, a good thing happened on the day of tba Bpaalab recognition. Wailst Panhaeo was holding form in ba aderesa t-> Mtranaoa, about tbe glorious destiny ofSac, a band of rogusa calling themselves cooatltuii'ooai- nras caw* up to one of the gates of the city aad actuallyearned eft* thirty cf she police, horses, arms aad ailTba cueatttutioaal guerillas have cut all the principal roads leaning oat of Mexico This appears to be a wry •Sapid plena of miachbif, without molesting- aay but thosewbv are to aabrta&ato as tu be forced to travel la these times. Tbe Vera Craa line la now forced to pass by tbe feSdaos de spam, inconsequence of a number of deep cuts being made In the road by Rio ffrioMrxtco is not known; and England may learn, when too ' la-e, what it Is to send unprincipled aBoa,aod trust tolJ^lTSS^S!m JJS o T ^ a ^ r ^ r t T e - ^ u i b esbtsmart skirmish, creditable to Arano, whose aaea wereIt is reported from the city of Mexico th it Mira- mon has determined to raise the wind by debasing the currency in the following fashion:—He propo-ies to ifsue two millions of dollars worth of copperof tbe roads will, to all probability, delay the concentre- tton of forces to tbe Valley of Mexico until the month or November.The entente coroXaU hitherto existing between GeneralMiramoB aad the Bpanwh Ambassador appears to have re-ceived a shock. The 11th of this month, the anniversaryoff some success obtained in bygone years by tbe Mexi-cans over the Spaniards, ww noticed, contrary to usualcustom, by the tiring of car.non, hoisting of flags, &c.v two follow travellers, who wore Homing with m ihaguea (to Oelaya) dlaposed to carry arms, we arms and acted as our own escort to that place. on the box, with a Sharp's rifle to band, I had a of the battlefieldof litancia deioe Vacos aa thega1Its restitution, which, however, to waste paper. We are accnatomed to see these scandalous robbertos committed of late—a ease which, before this revolution, had not hap-'pened m thirty years. You have the robbery of Baa *Luis, 0340000, aad of Ortega, at Guanajuato, $88,000, both paid by the Custom House of this port; off Marquez, of Guada'ajara, $600,000, partly returned; of Bobles, atwhom they represented to be nothing more than a bandit, whose object was money and plunder. On tba 17th the Cyane moored off La Paz.This aoiay celebration of an event retooling to some ex-lent upon the valor of tbe Spanish arms appears to havebeen considered by Senor Pacbeco as rather a scurvy re-turn for bis acknowledgment of a faction at a momentwbea their cause seemed all but desperate, an 1 when therest of tbe corps diplomatique had refused to r ecoguiso the As they came dashing after the diligence, validity of General Mlramon's election, by twenty-threeOn the afternoon of tbe 20th Inst., while the seamen aad marines from the Cyane were on shore, drilling with small arms, news came la that Arano was apallow myself the sanguineareatores of his own nomination, to the Presidential chair.Senor Pacheeo, to the correspondence which has passed between himself and (.'euoral Ortega, has got mu -ajingling spurs and rattling swords, I could not iag at the thought of thefigurethe eorreepondIKMStsslon of tbe Mlramon government.The word Is. that Degollado, barring 16,000 mea, tostsage to lieutenant Parker, the officer commanding tb* Cyane's landing party, requesting him to remove hia mea from the ground, as he intended to give battle to the outsiders who were then about half a mile from La Paxrence in the execution.Gen. Csrsvsjal went out from this place abouti plate of this city fell very much ahort of producing fication of the "Men Almonte," treaty have sudienly been at Salamanca for a competent force.)sum that was expected. Yesterday the advance ofBabieseemetawiththeobnrchplateofPaebla,whichisalec reported to be considerably less than tbe army hadexpected. It seems that la carrying oat the late erdt rs to deliver up the p ate of tba church, many reve- rsal! .adiviiluala did! not decline helping taeniae]res (suite after the ooaatatational fashion) with gold and ail- T«r saiata, and even with fragments of tbe holy virgins thai were broken upfortbecoiner'smeltingpot. Ibis excusable weakness oa the part of tbe holy fathers re- duced the grand reaa'.ta of tbe late demolition of saints, TUgtns, candlf sticks, creases aad baaiatara at least sev- enty per cant. To sake opforthe deflcita caused by pil- fering B cerUin quarters, tbe clergy authorities have im peara another heavy contribution or forced loan. Taia aaw impost Is Ingenious, and whilat it escapee beingircalled by tbe Captain General of Cuba; at least, so It is commander replied—"Heronofjar. I'll give yo'affirmed This has been a severe blow to tbe church fac good brigands aa ever robbed a diligence.'' aantwn,wholoudlyexpectelapowerfuldiveraioaatVera weremymea. Sufficeittosay,theybroughtti(has In their favor. 1 understand people affirm that a gecce in safety. ['wholesome dread of the United States, and aa Snxiou* Tbe country between this and Queretaro, one tbe know of, as tbey have aad no chance ot being encouraged The bouses in the vicinity were literally riddled with the the transaction is that he brought back the detach-desire to retain as long as possible their much valued island,havebeentbeprincipal11notthesolereasonsof this "clamming down.''most fertile spots of the republic, is completely neiFewfieldsare planted, and those that are are ru MfSTorwant of attention. The revolution has carried off 1.borers, and the robbers have stolen nearly all tooto such thingsThryc Is one Mexican banker, though, calling himse'f aCitizen of tbe United States, who claims for furniturebroken by tbe mob under Santa aaaa's government, beingan obnoxious character; and at the time General Gadsdenbullets of the combatants. Tbe Americans behaved with great coolness, and inarched off the ground with drams beating and colors living, aa If nothing unuaual was going on around them, though with tbe natural feeling of the Anglo Saxon to have a fight with somebody as long as ament sent from this State, aad thus left Tamaniipas without a representation in the liberal camp. There was no use in thi*. for it is not to be presumed that all the Tamaulipaa soldiers had important pri- vate interests that were suffering by their absence.Crrr or Mexico, Sept 23, I860.tu'im Ordered by the Juarex Qmmment—What the minion cf the church fanatics of Queretoro, wh |already scarce and selling Ur high prices, with h Attempts at Mediation—The Seizure of the Conducea—Sesti-Ccplted to hias demands, that being a cabaUeroof tbe fight was going on, masy expressed a wish that tb* com- Gen. Caravajal has retired to bis farm, newt theLibtxtk Have to Fear Most, dtc ,<£«.Tbe lull which baa taken place in mllilary oporatkwstbeir presence.that is all gammon, and that Caravajal is a him- bug. But I dislike cotemporaneoaa judgments, and therefore suspend my opinion on the subject, whilebetween tbe view* of these gentlemen would lead one to anppose tOSS lucre ««• «• u m . «h.»«.o» or «& ^""inKri.t baa—aw llujxt aa aharo ia batwaaa thm «—•» f «»n«« «aa. tending respectively for despot lam aad liberty; yet, strange to say, a rumor baa for the last two or three day 9 pervaded that a coincidence of opinion had bean arrivedworn oat by tbe fatigues of a long march, and anything fclas. Bow and in what manner nobody knows; but if re- own int Ttsts, aura burling curses upoa tbe bport is to be credited, one would imagine that some of the tbe chie/s of tho liberal party, the seizuremusty papers of Bants Anns had been ransacked to ar- wiU.be judged severely by most people; but If i_ money tbe war can be concluded,the cooler hearfs^rive at a scheme which, whilst professing to settle the who will examire tbe matter hereafter must desuppose, would not be allowed by tbe American govern- Tbe marines of the Cyane aad tbe howitzer's crew re n.trt, because if all tbe duties nave to be appro mained to the town to protect Amerl ma property, aad priated—which besides would give the victory to tbe tbe remainder of the party returned on board By this church party—Is su:h a case tbe raited States sbould get time the ship was crowded with women aad children,the copper hold out, he proposed to adulterate the copper with zinc.'the State of Nueva Leon appears to be enjoyingShould the libera s lay siege to tbe eity and be ablo to country, would, aa the plans of that practiced rovo!a;ion- Geo. Ifcgotlado jur taken a wise ttep. In a mmif\ maintain their ground, 1 aball go out to their camp until lft in variably did, bav* insured us a repetition of tbe has given to the public on this subject he qualities Ia there, as nono of her claims are paid, whereas more the families of tbe foreign residents, together with a season of rest since the death of General Ziazua, iban bait of all duties are collected by England. several refugera, including Royo, who, it to stated, for Vidaurri is quietly resting in her capital, and Tbe courts bere bad pluck enough to condemn tbe waa tbe first man to leave tbe combat. It bad Aranberri ia a fugitive in the State of Tamai-Spaniih prtae and they did so when tbe Spanish fleet been supposed by many that arano woald follow lipae. General Vidaurri, whatever may be sail held out all iu throats of bombarding, &?. This is tbe np hia victory by sacking the town; bat, contrary to all against him, manages to keep his State to good only proof of energy of Mr. Juarez and his cabinet. His expectation, be remained all night on the bill, overlook- financial condition. Tne foreign merchants, whottaaatrturgte la over, and will endeavor to give you a cor- rect idea if the struggle.Scarcer in the Oapi'Al— Firced Loan Decreed by Jtira mano must be laughed at by Gen Ortega, wlio ke£ their hour of friendship, should listen to any terms short as all the wnrli knows, that Pacbeco has pi,ving tbe place, aad did not march in until the next morn-ing. It la now known that Arano aad hia officers wishedto take immediate possession, but that tbeir mea refusedthem have no moral worth nor character. Tne impunity to badge, giving as s reason that the North Ameri oans paying half, and are now again in full blast, makingwith wh*ch crimes are committed engenders new ones to were there. The next day Arano took formal possessionanenermous extent. of the Government House, and issued his pronunciamiento, money hand over fis^ This ia literally true, for the'The same evii pervades the army, Begolbvlo and all the in which be asserted tbat be came in the name of Ama- foreign houses here that are conducted with shrewd-Mxxico, Sept «, 1860.same frightful disorders within the space of six months.That tbe chiefs of the ebaroh faction would gladly availas a robbery, but rajs that if toe money can eat liberal orces to triumph be is willing to retire I scurtty with all the odium that attaches to simila,greatest fault is tie want of energy. He baa the misfor tune to have for members the worst collection that could be found All or them lack ability, and some ofrefused to pay the laat loan which he levied on them, pnd who were thereupon compelled to leave Monterey, hsve compounded their differences bythemselves of any pillow to break their fall is easily Tbe Spanith Ambassador baa sent a demand to Ueaj Mftttmg Dem—AUegti VnmoUable Dtlay—Money Gettinjto be imagined; but tba: the Juarez government, In ga to have tbe Spanish funds returned. Taia.rising- At Celaya the military commander mounted escort, who accompanied us to Salam,we stoppedfortbe night, Tbefollowingmorning upon dangerous ground, and to consequence the commander of Salamanca sent after me six as toektog fellows as I have ever seen in my r life, on spirited little nags, and armed with carbirte,, and long lances decorated with red and whiteward. Many fugitives from the neighboring villages be gen to make their appearance in Ia Paz, and confirmedreligious and fanatical leader of Mexico, will be tottering to his fall, if the present aspect holds oat At least so say the liberals in this city.horses and mules. Ah kinds of grain and horse ftpert of crops. This region Is principally under imand u,t officer of the party would give an order to pitch town of Victoria, and has given out that he has per- Into tbe " greaaera" for baying tbe anttaeUy to fight to manently retired to private life. Some say thatstimulawu and are now stimulating tbe po^duttibd ' cotamtosloa of all manner of outrage*. Thdfoopit^ so demoralised that one cannot travel in any Ai with tafety. Booberiea aad assamtoatioaa are of I may ray hourly, occurrence. Nothing will port region bat tho extermination of a large portion fcf habitants. If tbe civil war goes on another yet will be brought about by a famineIn tbts place, which is essentially a mln many of tbe heaviest mining, operat: already been suspdrded on account of* tbe high food for moo and beast, and all work w:H ba eli months from new tf peace is not established.**"* *^»-"~'~ ""t'ss «t2*iun,nding storm htfc 'git^dorder cf Guadalupe, be could cot well consider him a countsymen of bis.Now. of course tbe money so obtained i s * trite, aad will only last a tew days, though other means are resorted to. For instance, tbe other day Miramon Invited some rich merchants to his house, ana there in a frieadty wayasked them for S10.000 and $30,000 each.• Tboac who refused to pay were put m jail and fed oaa morsel to eat, until tbey could stand such treatment no amooatod to much, as forty-five of bla mea broke aad these "records" are, and how many men are thereiu| -P-» « «»>T<>r «t a* see,eee «r ^atmev beloosiconmterce, with tb< view of preoiplteifuiv"-^ or tho liberal forces and conotcdlng the civil wm" seizure has caused a loud cry from the partie. dlately in erected, who, seeing nothing bu,• laiihohero, I should not wonder tr a fleet waa to come out andteki- pesseacrion of this chance. Such a thing, however, I tbeir field piece. ^ money, in three instalment", and iu order to makesaw Cbrrapowdeass Betmem Ortega ami (he Rsreign of the firm estebiwhment of those principles for which Honed this olass of spoliation by his recognition of A i others continuing to give unconditional liberty to all pr! dor, the legally appointed Governor. Finding that Royo ness are amaasging large fortunes, first by legiti-theyhaveforsolongcontendedisnottobesupposed; thing.jmTt KnplovMtnt—Estimate of Clergy 'and Liberal and the laat advloes from Vera Cruz clearly Indicate that Of the $1,266,000 appropriated, $*M,872 bskForces, aY , «fc. there m no Intention on tbe pvt of tbe const!'.utionil English bouses «t which the following nouses,Dipknalt—VkitrchPlunder—ForceofExample—Versa- moo'sgovernment,whichhasrepeatedlydonethesalo soberseveawhentakenunderarmsforthesecondortoird aadfiveofblaaidersandabettorswereonboardofthe matetrade,and,secondly,byillegitimatetransac-The rains hare prevented all movements of heavy authorities to betray the sacred interests committed to glace and Mexico, come in thus — , W. Barron.... «,,terteined for a moment. plain, and with which they threaten to bring war At present affairs are quiet. Arano baa fall swing, and upon Mexico, grow cut of these uncommercialhedks upea the high roads, aad thereby retarded the ad- their charge., English Mint Company....!,y.about three hundred soldiers, with new levies every day.In aa interview between him aad tbe commander of the transections.vance of the liberal foroaa upon this capital. General The seizure of the Guanajuato, Z&catocas and San Luis Graham, Gcaves & Co '. Ortega, at tost dates, was still at QiereUro, with tbe conducts, with $1,211,000, was planned and executed by Bates, Barton A CoAlex. Low &Co body of his forces, 1. being difficult to mora forward Lwblado aad Oegollade, with whom the bbune exclusively Cbavfks Whitehead¥ . . . .Sir. Dunbar's papers have been translated here, and spected. Tbe Cyane mils to morrow for Aeapuloo via impassable condition of the roads the day of as sembling was prorogued until the 16th •*- *-—bis heavy artillery in the present muddy aad broken rests. Their'necessities may have been great, the very TotalWe have ah yet whether the meeting has been perfected, but are looking very anxiously for the tidings and for the proreediegs. It is apprehended that important complications will grow out ot the rences as the conlocta baslaeas make it so difficult to de- sistant Surgeon, Lining: Purser,Murray; Second Lieutea- action of the ensuing Legislature, for to to wellcondition of tbe high roads. Some of hjhj advances are at success of the constitutional cause may hare dependod,jmet genwral approbation. It is te be hoped that other Mazatiau. At the tatter place ah* wilt toad Royo aad had no new? papers win follow his example, enlightening the Amerl hia fallen colleagues Sic transit.Caatitlao, only seven leagues distant; bat the eotsobje* to occupying this advanced position at this time Is to cut esT supplies coming Into this eity. The unavoidable delay tatheadvanesoftbeliberalforceshasenabledtbeclergy to concentrate here over 7,000 men; and it will now be advisable for tba liberals to draw at least a portion of tbsopon this disparate act; still, it is Impossible to justify a proceeding which may involve in ruin hundreds of lano cent persons, neutral by positioa, aad in no way con- nected with the civil strifes of the country. Caforin- nately for foreigners, the definition between "midm" and "team" has never been properly understood by Mexicans; sad tbe proposition that "what ta yoursl.oglith houses inStul,uisc%npeople as to the true state of Mexican afi'urs, which is all that is wanted, aa then the people will an for them- rclvea. It is, however, a great pity that such occur-The following is s list of the Cyane's oflbers:—Oom- mander, Lockwood; Lieutenants, Parker, Morris. Stillwell end Meade: Sailing Master, Law; Surgeon .Williams As-T i t s a p a u u n v i e w . forcesfromherebeforeaseriousattackupon Mexicocac Ismine aad what Ismineis mine own" has ever Ouadalsjam. Theyihouldhavearrivedtheretoday MIRAMOK'S-STRKNUTH—THE LIBIKALS RKTUKATINQ—field,ff4baattemptedwithsecurity,aniensatargeliberalforce beenmoatconscientiouslyactedoponbythesoidisant w*»houtdbeadvisedoftheirsuccess.OasJUo.wr •aa be seat ap from Vera Craa to mmac J this place from chiels, who, for tbe time being, have swayet the desti- rends the rlacB, is reported to have 7,000 mea. ADKfEATOFIWGJLLADOST VIDACBJlf-PRCS3IaNMEDIATION' ETC.[Translated from tbe Correspondence of tbe Diarlo de laMarina,Oot. ?, for tbe Haw YORK Hanaro J Crrr or Mexico, Sept. 23, 1880.Oar Arapalco Correspoatdenee. "J TberelationsofthisState,too,withthatofNueva Acanuco,Sept11,1850. Leon,isnotof(hemostfriendlycharacter,and troops will be called into the field here at least totbe east aad north. c es of this wretched country. Saccem atone oaa pal-liate this 1advised act, and it new, more thinagainst tbe interests of the clergy. In the first place, ever, behoves the gentlemeflr- of tbe interior f to uncertain.protect the State from the invasions of (iovernor by the Governor of Sinaloa—Troops Sent Against LaVidaurri, whoae troops are even now encampedThe delay of Gen. Ortega U sow operating seriously* • «•!•• Btill, to Mexico every1 faVoat co pjETOwna paacript-: as AThefr aavioar. Vteto. *n«hoiF»*«ad(ahoatrisk aa action before the walla of Mexico, waare a failure to take the city ay aasaejt woald be little toss than at piece of gool fortune, aad ia attributable chiefly tact that the remittances thereby made wore prlnness, instead of leaving it to the band* of a young tTheexamplesat ay Iclergyla despeiltogtheirown watMaanakI m A a P S A J L ^ " - . J j f g-—ofth tally authorised by Degollado and Dobtado, haaebarcbes foaetog rapidl imttotod bytke*<taaoy'aot- city, and althjaghawry of the liberal Qarvajalhas beenacouring base s B a m j s e s K a w B S •?"• m ***»*& N«» theyLane Ime—Cdebration of Mexican Independence, a*«. ]The I nited State* steam frigate Susquehanna to bare, tf \ I mfoijmed you, and the Powhatan arrived tbts morali s> issd by the espreas order of those chiefs at Leguna In the neighborhood of San Lnts Potest This aot re- greatly to the discredit of its authors and the cause£ ? ,use sue* *orto as will speedily place them Your correspondent resumes bis iouraey to momthey gave up all their church jewels, sacred vessels, baa in a positioa U refund the sums they have appropriate and hopes to be in the heart of tbe mess in three •asters, oaudleattcbs, he. The money raised from these No oaa will deny to Kobles aad M irq iez tba proul pre- from whence you may expect authentic reports. *Tbe tatted States ship Cyane arrived here te day from La Paz, Lower California, having touched at Mszatlan aadenppltea wis quickly squandered, aad tbe army as desti- eminence of having set this scandalous example; andtute aa ever. The clergy managed to ratos some ready whilst it la to be regretted that tbere should have been eaah Thai la Sow being spent, and Mlrasson is at pre- found amongst tbe liberal chiefs any willing to folio a in sent engaged to trying to raise a loan or $600,000 from their steps, It Is refreshing to know that tbe heads at tbe capitalists. Tbe work goes bar a, and ha has already Vera Cruz are guiltless of all partic patlon, and that PreVera Cruz Correspondence.President, wbo, to the critical circumstances in which be At Maaatten she toadei ex Governor Rojo aad the refu-aidant Juarez was no sooner aware of the fact than heto pay up to tbe principal maaayad mea of despatched an order for Immediate restitution, it is opportunity of letting you know what has not;beenplaca So far, bat few have responded to more than doubtful whether this order will be obeyed here. What an excitement and confusion there sad toe last accounts from tbe Inferior give us to under-took refuge on board of the Q u e , whose commander complying with the orders up,*u them for money.afforded him a passage to this port, from whence be willy The bandit Cajen, who waa a secoud Cortiua;,robably proceed across the country and see President and whose robbers ravaged the State of Chihua- uarez touching the late revolution in Lower California, hua, finding the times to be growing rather unsafe, General Vega's motives for his course towards Amador had taken to Might, and, with 1,000 followers, iaare not known {be professes to be a liberal), but it to now making his way across the country in the di thought tbat be desire* to tnstal one of bis friends aa Go- section of San Bias. We shall probably hear ofvernor of Lower California, and having tbe power, Intends to try and exercise It independently of tbe Juarez grrera- meat.reduced hia demand to $900,090, and has issued his invi-A* there la a mail about leaving, I avail myself obis call, aad It is believed ha will fiad it necessary stand that upwards of Ss50,000 bad already boon appro- have been home when the news of tbe eontomto resort to force to get what they are pleased,to term a " vetuatary and spontaneous girt-" It is pro- pi*I«wtd.Spanish bombardment reached you. As yet e „ stands as usual—not a brick disturbed, and nobodyThe Spanish force here now consists of two vesm watch them we have three large frigates, two, smsfjsr vessels, and some five or six more on the way. Wi Immense expense for nothing—for nothing was iatoa Spain can't carry on a war so far away from home,tbla looks so strange, wbea here one aees everything*,knows that this great fleet and large newspaperposed to pot a sew forced loan oa all class's, aad also Uat the clergy shall raise 1600,000 ia eaah. Ou. of all these measures to relieve the penary of the clergy's mi- lltary cheat, 1do not baUaye they will get over half aThe suspension of payments to tho English convention aad foreign bondholders was a mere act of aelf-preserre- lioa.and is, under the etocamauueea, excusable enough- it was no approiwiatlcn cf fends entrusted to their care! but was a mere postponement for a short period of oav- meata which it was not In their power to make. SolarAt the last accounts Colonel Arano (Amador's deputy) was in fall postession of La P*z, and preparing himself to hold It. He Is considered to be a determined man, and Ithim in the neighborhood of Woll, if Guadalajara does not capitulate before he can reach that vici- nity. -BsUlioB, if s» much. But If they should ratos a million aa the English convection ia c interned the symooth-zsrseven, tbe garrtoon will voryaooa eat op all aad be as will be few indeed Taef ,nd is essentially Spanish aidPapers from Sao Luis Porosi represent that tbe election for deputies to the LegLtiatore and foiinexperienced man. The bark Maria Conception-, ab > conduct* known than an attempt waa made to which so much has been said, has been dismantled <Spaaiah. No sooner was tbe seisure of the Gua-fat*!Besides this, other sums were entered forhouses in Zacatocas, making a total of English foaL seizedupwardsofhalfamillion. TherewasveryBamAmerican money entered. - The conducte business, like everything else In If, depends upon tbe success of the liberal foroes now S,-r^-fendthisgovernment,thoughit isinnocentofthat crime and would desire to redress it at once.•• ___^___—* Marines, Baker; Boatswain. Brtoco;Gunner, Wlllet: ant ._V»,U>BW. wwrnui,w«oj atrunnor,wuiet;Sail Maker, Bontwsti; Carprotor, Knight; Captain's Clerk, Porter; Purser's Clerk, De Behreas; Master's Mate, Green-these are oppesed more than double the number. Alt the place is stronglyfortified,there appears to bo nore,Blt ofArrival of the Cyane—Attempt to Seise Governor Amador1340 8TgThe farstoa representatives have all had a lisp at to the) departare of anotherflondostafrom this dty but ooa t Tbla no doubt would bare been made before a \ I am enabled to give you another import aot item of Ortegatorblacircularensuringthemthatereryreipectaftertbeexamp'esetbyKoblesandMarques,Mr.Mathe*haditnotbeenforthethreatoftb*Spaniards.N.jieews.Mr.Wagner,theReallentProminaMiaiater,hasGrandTableauxofVieOppotingForct*—Chancesalso,tenpercentoftheentireamountgoestothesreato be paid to foreigners and their property ia the•veal of n atoge of Mexico, Paokeco hia particularly dia-very properly declined to pot the honesty of the priestly tbere Is seme u niiculty ia their came; the Minister lasts : cflicially ottered tbe mediation of hi* government to oo-Evenly Balanced—A Netc General in CommandState, for the purpose of providing fur its militia. This State is pectdiarly favored by the nation, frou the fact that it is on the frontier, sud U therefor, called npon to undergo extraordinary expense?. In tlds respect might not the American gov« rnmenta—stshii-i h tmaalf ia thai awSwannanai n J - —Disappointed,faction to so severe a teat—the more so as vory ugly ru mora touching the safety of a sum of $9o0,0u0, belonglne: to tbe bondholders, had tor some time previously been! tog that the commodore was too hasty, he gets tndignaland starts off for Havana with three of his ships r> opinion here ia that nothing will be dbae until some mof, opetattag tor the rt -establishment of peace rn tho re public, in guaranteeing the. Integrity of her territory aad ^dependence, and in contributing to her prosperity.1 This spontaneous offer has been acoapted by tbe supremeof the Liherifl Forces—Programmeof (he EH-• ^ ~~" " ~"TM *~^,wwvw*^^aneace. He came out Owing to a tareeteniag movement made opon Poebla, favorable opportunity offers for SpainHo settle tbeatUI j government, which, although c>mbatting tho enemies of Disgusted aftd Disbanded—Matter* in Uw Inte-wttb a lengthy argsanea* to Ortega, advieiag an effort 'or peace, aad giving, at tbe same time, bis professed rwnuly advtes. To this Ortega baa givea a capital rent* Ms areas the attention of the embassadors to tba higha tome of two tbcasaadjnen was deepatobed. a foe days back, for the protection of that city. 'Itiaalmostimpossible to sec*rtainwithaaydegreeof accuracy what to doing ta the Interior. The geueral opinion appears to be that Ortega has despatched a ooa-wheal Juarez ia ia the ascendant.the country wtth energy and constancy, is deslroas of Mmltting no means of arriving at a reasooaoh under ,sutding which may putanendtothis long and diss*Tbe city is quite full of officers from tbe ratted Stab j? Itto known here moat posltlveiv that in consequence aad over-huaaaae oenJurt off the liberals in- setting- at "idereble fores to aid in tbe reduction of Gaa talajtra, ships. They ail expected '-some fun," bat will go h >a < yof tns discord which has sprung up among ta* rarola-iberty their prisoners taken to battle, when the clergy Mha wry same moment were filling the prbuas of this capital a itb muteaeive persons merely noaauee these nor- asaw dared to think. To this Pacbeco has just peMaabed a replv. intended to deceive Ortega by lUtteryaed fewe «psr*osya.ists. We hare aot jet bad Usee to receive Ortega s•ftoMw roads la a bettor state, tt la supposed he wilt •"**• hto force* aad march upon Mexico. Tae gmrd of the main body of liberals would to Tepic eel Rio, from whence to oaa detached parties era quartered,here bn the 14th. No other Amerieta reavul in(viiotej, which resulted lathe route of Djg.tllado by VI ftaurri. wbo, as you well know, baa already repudiated itbe Juarea government.I, Acocdoctaof specie, or more thaa a million of doHars,taeoouattf ia every for caarohplate. Nothing nary tnergy and aciTvuTVlL , l l . o l < * r t U l w , t a 0Td- The fcjrmer came here ia eleven days from Maw York, Ifcey sustain, Inasmuch as it to aa outrageous attack oanow lasapas him- Be aartLfriara he contocity, to glTtog ap thaw dtsaetrees errMeearry. They deserve a i AS 1 bare toldta oreaaifgalara tfiasata. She <p>opto mf bays a w M Ir ia Faahaca, where he has awaigp•asBssVBfSs%saaSslB VaWmaOss •sawel tmpe^toeotorgj-orthlsIbelaUersteamerfourteenaadahalfdaysfromPhilthe property placed under Its protection. ITbelatestnewsreceivedbareannouncestbattbefede- fai'sts bare gone with tbe greater part of their forces toattack Guada'ajara; bat Gea Castillo, wbo defends it, &o» s net appear to care much for this intention of ta* «i>voiiitioaiatn, since be has * numerous army, warlike tad • nihasiasiic, and provided with erery aoeaiee ofUcoaaad dnauiectad and'mt\Z ••"»•« «* aidht or teaaad plate to continue thai hold out. It la,toerafoveeLKu ^ T ' 4long1 ada quite at a loss to underetand th* earn* of eemblJDg so targe a naval force at this place, ibet, vessel would ba quit* suifictou to give the aported here that he had three thousand men andaat them la the sad• » *ban from the arms ofTb*^1*P*Hnaue me t lection to ***e*keens in case of any dial >nHw T Pro r>uiee,evea to sustain * prolonged siege. It re- General Carvajal thinks that Ortega will ootsatortiytookf o r ' w S T K a X t r ^ ^ . * * * of things.«i to tear from proteaded fftoadTa^J^'??r* n%?* "u'•*tbefotaasjBwttai of tbsm^tSZZZShaviitMbra* 1~taTjljQSlg4J< gy ^'m :by taWadvIn. ^"^^kk-1 ZZ !5"•»»»«• sj nwat who*se or auv d.lli -ninr :.„ rand or sea, as all tbat amid be legally <n 'ts more Itao probable, however, tbat no ateg* wTlTbemubTlihed'yrce tbe abovr mentioned General s determined to sailv filth aog offer hto enemies battle to tbe onen rui/I oubilesa witi to a few days theIt ihe meantime a. tvnajexpWlOB.oWo'roa* *****' prepared, whu-h will leave this eaaital under to beingmake any advance movement upon the city of Mexico until he has token tiuadalajara, for he .does not consider it atull . roper to leave a strong posi- tion garrisoned by his enemies in the rear. And aarevotttt IOBB, aad who. for IK.«» 0 M r betrayed tba beat tamt•^irL o.w?*n atoadliy pursue t b a Z 3 ^ ? f 5c«*airauthortij from Cue gresa would be to r«>eiv,,ari etti**BS oatabard,of wr-om I do not think ti doaea in tbe wbote city of Vora Crua; and t that ova UHXiaaud dchttrs woald parabaso aUntitled Documenttbe open field.ooaldaniThehealthofthecitythissummerbaabeenrenurkablgood—* little sickness among the snipping, ho wove i I. trous war. rsuch States ss Oregon, California, Texas, rvrusa;-. Arkansas and their frontier States, which hjve'-> protect themselves on a sudden against sa rages o'which, stronge to say, still holds mi. This accomplish -d again with but little of that. Toe bark Rtpidarrive} tiooary chiefs their forces bad aa encounter at Saa Laisrior, tnd reports the condition of the two contend- It is a matter of complaint in Mataniora? thaiNo other aews%the Supreme Court of the .State of Tamaulipas has not held a term of the court since January, 1»>9. while there are many important cases to be decid -ied on appeal from tbe Court of First In dancc.FJ Xijiciosv de Atnbas Frontfros is the name of a new paper iust commenced in this city under i he auspices of Mr. J. C. Pannell. It is to be print cd in Spanish and English, aud the design Is to make it the best paper in Mexico, it is as large aa the Baltimore Sun, and contains a great amount ofoiieinalmatter. SenorPens,formerlyeditor of FlJacqne, is the editor . Kl iJacqw was s i n pressed, and its editor imprisoned for nine months t y the authorities, for a too free criticism upon the government and some of the officials.Independence day was celebrated here on the 16th, in the most enthusiastic manner.M a i i i r ftrroar.—Wool, (unclesned), 8 a He per lb.; hides. f3 a $3 28; sheepskins, lsc. peril).? deen-kios, 15c. per lb.: sheepskins of SaJtHro, (cleaned), 27 a 2Sc. per lb.: lead, per qtiinul,$4.HohrssAKoCATTtt.-Broodmares,$15;horse*,$20 a $:*: horse* (untamed), $20: mule? per pair, aurrounded by twelve thoniand, the probabilities i f M) a $*C0; wild mules, two years old, $20 a $2-:Vans. Cam, Sept. IT, 1850.the American Squadron at Vera Crux—No Necessity Jar"ithte departure or which from Guanajuato sad Zacatecasing parties to be sto follows:—Gen. Ortega, with from ten to twelve thousand liberals, to encamped near Guadalajara, while Hiramon, with six or seven thousand reactionaries, is again in the city of Mexico, and Gen. Woll, with three thousand reac- tionai its, is closely besieged by Ortega in the city of Guadalajara. Aa you have probably already heard,Gen.GoboshasbeendrivenfromOajaca, with a loss of all bis force and artillery. It U re--thenowaimtat'•<vea I presume, bowerer, that tbe sossetjworth of American property taere is ma,**dofGeoMarque;iandwilloperatein tbecom- GeneralVVollhasonlythreethoogaaUmen,andis,have dtstarbed tbe tranquillity of this nasally quiet sec- tion of the country. The origin of these troubles appearsDeoollado's Blunders—Miromen's Nam Plan to Raits to be as follows —Some time since Juarez appointed a Money—The English Dtbl—Jwret't Oabintt—A Sorry governor orer Lower California, the people of which, atgroater portion of the splendid arntoment whhtoi now commanded byOrtega, for by loans mmTtl vanoes she has purchased a Urge train of arffl J e y y « K l » n e x t « » i v e f t n w ^ o f a ^ JTVBACktS, Oot. 1,1860.the Spanish Question Iks Obndtacto Rubbery—Precedents—Set.dc , etc.I am sorry that I cannot give yea any good news, but nlaetime, affected to be of the liberal party, aad to reoog- his authority as President of Mexico.ro< Minie muskets t o d Colt's rovmyeia. These oat-scenes like those of Syria here.As I have always been a staunch defender of the libe-toriety to that section of the eoantry^waa selected aa tbe the favorite of the army, aad the result was thai he man to command the enterprise s a l restore Amador te I superseded Degollado, who waa then en route uyral government, it to a very disagreeable task for me tostate that a oondneta, travelling from Guanajuato to Tam-pioo, and confide.} to the escort of Degollado and Dobtado,has been appropriated entirely by those chiefs, for the claiming tbs legal governor.assume the superior command.The farce concentrated under General Ortega of present numbers between twelve and fourteen thousand men, with eighty pieces of artillery, and asufficienttrainofmunitionsandprovisions. Itto0ft the 15th Inst. Rojo, then governor of La Paz, re- , The sum amounts toil.300,000, of which about $800 000 ceived information that Arano was to. (tall march. A-purposeoffinishingtherevolutionwiththismmey.or fOSO (00 bekmg to two rich booses, .aad tbs balance Is divided amongst merchants of different nations, of which very little belongs to Vera Cruz.Guadalajara, first, the full surrender of General^—*"—••'",*-•'-T-• ~.i i wiijia*ir.whto former authority. Accordingly, raising a force of about 260 mea, aad hastily equipping them, hi*a marched on la Taz, taking the various towns en route, and pro-timeThisofcourse,asitprolongsthestrtfe,baaconviaced Cyane,hedemandedtbeirpersons,whichdemandtbe tionsandcustomhousescrip. And,letmeadd.within our limit-.In a very abort time found himself with more than and children, old and young, have been assassinat- Fbrot—Useless Expense—Where is Mr. MctAne?- 13 OCO men aad ail tbe material necessary, not only to Ian) and, it to said, to shoot him, when he escaped aad ed and subjected to military execution for notr.Pax, £c.ataswtoaa as ever. The tactics of Ortega to delaying, if htextoaa, aad in iti present shape was never entitled to togs, a despatch boat to New Orleans, and the alarm chief. So, then, the enemy will have to pursuit of them Her Britannic Majesty's ship Pylad*s, of twenty, guns. It is intimated that an appeal to arms will have toand ought never to htvo been admitted under, British pre; «rly persMsed ia, meat ta tba sad cripple aad da protection, *•troy tbe army «f the clergy, aad, I believe, from pre Tbe safe arrival at Vera Crux o the tost conducte sentSigns,Jrtagawilladheretothisplanratherthan despatchedbytbeMlramonfactionwascertainlythe Cabinet, were brought about by the over zealous tleman la charge of tbe legation. Be now to frigbitbis corps, which, bj operating ia combination with the forces of Castillo and Cajen, will form an effective force of 17.000 men, eighty pieces of artillery, wittum iocladingday for LaJ>az. is at Mazttlan on toe 29tb, to mil next day for Lajraz.All well on board of the CyaneHEWS FftOH IfOETHEall HEX1C0.Oatr M a t a n i u r s i C o r r e s p o n d e n c e .decide the dispute.The Custom Hou»e in Matomoras seems to be inabadway,havingadebthangingoveritof $800,000 or more, the evidences of which now se'J for fifty per cent discount. The returns from this port for the past year show an aggrrgaw ol 1929,362 from import and export duties, of whichat the results of hia note, aad one would ask whyHon.RobertMcLanetonotbaretoattendtohisawnbi thoseingarrisonatvariouspoiats,whichswelltbenum-bers to 26,CC0 Everything induces the belief that the result will be aa favorable to the government cause as it will be disastrous to those wbo for a moment ex oeoted tof.complete their triumph by marching oa tbis capital, obtaintheauthorizationofherMajesty'sCharged'Affaires hauledcloseundertheCattle,toawaitthedoolsiouof, \ which,asIhavemidabove,isnowsafefroma'ldanger.• In my preceding totter I Informed yen* that in coaas-queace of the unfortunate aiUlr at Siiao, tb* oppositionbad assembled tbe bulk of their foroes at Queretaro,where they bad established their headquarters, and San Bias on tbe passage down. threatened to march from thence on the capital. Ther_,1for-Etr Cm Lmiei-Fyu » « * » Use ft** of Ira ho sfM? Rojo-Vktory fir Aram, mat Occupies the•say.For several months peat political troubtos similar to Ortega is Governor, hwfll be h e r e r e m m w l which lbtTe agitated the other provinces off Meztoo, thftt the fitftto of Zwttecas has f m S S r S lstay wffwV AmU\l WKe Wfto J-Jm * *M*V^~AvVt SM|#SW sTTXYttowS^smja| Ofl«?wW ^aflLa Pas to the commander of the United States ship Cr-ane, at that time anchored off Pichilingue bay, request- Woll, which is confidently looked for in a very ing him to protect the property and interests of tbe for- short time; an3 secondly, the enlistment of all theOn the 19th information reached Roto that Arano hadtok* nBan Antonio—*villageeighteenleaguestothe south- time of Abe Lincoln's defeat, hto prototype, theJalaps, laat year, $25,000, paid to Mexico; of Roblea, at tbla news. . Accordingly Rojo began to think it high time As for my own belief, I have too often ex-Jalaps, this year, $33 000, aot paid; aad sow this masterstroke of Degolfodo's- Thai government to certainly toblame for not having punished at that time Ortega, batto cast about him for means of defence; tbe military force of the town wak mustered—it constated of 110 soldiers, many volunteers, among the citizens of Rojo's party, and one brassfl>ldpiece, s nlae pounderpressed myrespect for Miramon to end)rsethe ability andmore than anybody, the foreign ministers, who, on tberobbery of Marques, put op with the insult of receivingpayment ia a promise to effect such by duties of tbe Costorn Houses, of which none waa, nor has been since, in the preaching. Shortly afterward governor Rojo aeat a mes- best plans are liable to fa ilure from want of cohe-Tbask God, tuere la no American amongst them that I intended for them, almost amounted to the Same thing. from bis continued absence. The novel feature ofbnl cret»"* " *° •M oth»e gM* »*>«. •>••• »^-y pv«.—«u any coarse* aa all must have repulsed the enemy, as they bad greatly the advantage of position, to my nothing ofcommander of the Cyane informed him woald not be en that much of the differences about which they com-almost everybody that those chiefs do not wish to put anend to the revolution, which to confirmed ouoe again bytbeir march to Guadalajara. Now, once doubting theirgood faith, all prestige is gone, Sad the recent robberyis * flagrant proof of their want of common hon-esty. It Is said, though, that they will pay after Cyane, be stated tbat he should preeerva taw and order The legislature of the State of Tamanlipas was taking the last named city, and Gad grant that it may be- the same aa if nothing bad taken plaee, aad that the ordered to convene on the 10th, but owing to theto. rights of tbe foreign citizens woald be most fully re-knownthatthedeputiesfromseveralof*thedis- tricts are much annoyed at the course of the Jua- rez government, and talk hss been heard*that a ttrong menioricl was to be sent to Vera Cruz.The town of Cocnllie is represented to have suf- fered most disastrously from the existing wax. About sixmonth* ago,or less. Generals Vicarioand Gutierrez, of the reactionary force, attacked and captured the town, since which time 1..509 vic- was niom-fctartly placed, spared no efforts to repair that gees from La Pas. Vega, tbe Governor of Sinaloa, being tims have died from various causes superinducedVSSA Cxrrz, Sept 16, IS'11Oreat Cry and Little Wool—The Vnited States JVtJ adverse affair, direoted the army to be conosotrated, and of tbeir party, was about to seize Amador (then to Mazat- by the barbarities of the captors. Men, womenBombardment Postp, med—Health of Vera Or**), etcresist any attack which tbe enemy might attempt on tbe city, bat evm to march out aad meet them to case they Bbottldatrry out those intentions. But he waited for them In vain, because they retreated in numerous frag- menu to the interior, where at tbe mm* time appeared various bodies of government forces. Colonel Cajen, amongst others, has occupied Zacetecae with 3,000 man. Gen. Castillo's dlvtoioa, which consists of 7,000, is in Guadalajara, ready either to open the campaign by march- ing in pursuit, or to defend that place successfully tocase an attack should be attemped.'This capital being free from danger, tbe President baaorganlzeo tbe army of operations In two divisions of infan try sad one of cavalry; the first oaler th. commandof Gen. Roblea, the seoond under Gea Harquez, and tbe remains to be seen whether the troops aeat there from Governor was conducted iu such a tumultuous third under Gen. Hejla; tbe President taking command In Maz&tlan by Vega can whip him oat. fashion tltat the n-xnlt wt« dejnied by both parties.twenty two pieces of ordnance.lays and the strength ofcontingent InMATAKOaUS,Sept.26,1860. amount $22.36? goes to thecity,ashavingorigi nated from licenses and direct taxe9. Of this «utn.xnii% Campaign—Gen. Cartajalrior—Gov. \YiduutTi and the Foreign Mtr- learn something to guide her in conduct towards'charts—MakmorasReport and Financial Statement, Ac., Ac.Gen.Carvajal has just returned from the iote- other foes?Items of Interest—Marketoftocapacityjust nowanticipation of the friends of snares, for there it so much innate weakness about the liberals that their Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comt|» foroes which aie to MutodatojaraTwith 