 IIIIMexican ports on the Pacific. The news from•VaahjngtoB Territory is most terrible and heart- tending. The Indians had massacred the greater part of a body of emigrants, and the survivors were found eating the bodies of the dead. Details will be found in our BOWS columns.From Mexico we learn that the American cotton factory at Santiago, near Topic, was attacked by the Indians under Loaada, a clergy chief, and a Urge number of the workman massacred. There Is nothing positive from the capital, but it is be- lieved that the siege has boon regularly com- menced.all sections, classes and interests of the country. But how is this terrible alternative of war to be averted ? Our Southern brethren believe they can avert it through a Union of the Southern States, as in the common support of a common cause, and that in this Union the material and moral strength of the South will suppress any disposition to coercion on the part of Mr. Lin- coln's administration.There is much force in this view of thesubject; but can nothing be done inthe interval to Mr. Lincoln's inaugura- this State that far exceeds the bitter wrangle House on Saturday evening, and an enlarged It to to be hoped, however, that old Mr. Bull, take that final plunge into the gulf of destruc-unt* of the ceremonies in the ' »'f give aee«'churches, the inrforraances of the Bremen, the parades of the target companies.'and the festivals at the t arioon charitable associations.!*• !»u(vl> ot <-wim trtmt tit* SootlMra States at pre- K-rit ntinwtf) much attention la commercial circle*. Drvtcn »•w. coawaaor rci/row AimBASSAC STH. Hi'.L«tb> t-muatin of the crop of IMS hare reached aV-ut 4,10«M*0 WU-a, or S00 000 balw below that of lastTMMMK <w* •» •*••»««. Mom**** »» mmHwmj* <*rtj year i"r .-m it' u^rge falling o f in the reeeipta at tho j«»«i in* belk! m cow rapidly faiainf around that thec t . p will wot roach 4,000^00 of bale*,Conventions; and they may all of them provide, too, through mutual co \mtmtn, andby mean* of the telegraph, when in session, forsuch mutual conoesotons tofjbjbalf o f reoon-Senator Srwanl Again em theM h a t W i n B e S a y te Congress!NEW YORKJIERALD.JAMKB OORDOI BEIIETT, grjrroit AND pnowmcroa.ciliatien from the North and t i t South as willlead to the happiest results ill %e great work mind of the individual who gave it utterance fears of assassination. The idea that be could vernment. Many a man hue received aWiorBo jthie .i*-Mt.se in the preacat crop, aad the•r Mfe am MT( V '** f*afcA«"f, M* *» W M Ji»<•*»• <*• I atn< b Biiiy ociur to reduce the crop of 1W1, the qu *-nb' St! •f1* IN nbi poltbe•d1*1 Ino»oi tfa nar ibro SUM! do ; ihiiAn tioi of11xio«ihe #Bh prii •ibi <*ai gea.the • v e umd tret oral ofl ofi mad «0JT «on rep the]suemor >nbo '1 ' penawto whe ply the St canwo in WOT Of] OWInwa hide The the the] awe ven ©nl;T pub •nbo par mrriOUban Sfomaithe rep den poithr the we Ve trni parthe t>f COl ate liesAb •ft the thi1foe ile. Bel5*e Ibi tote lai toto tob toita£•ato•o Inm%In I-t t r X m M M ra w , f t fmnunutmHtmufprnrttifirmt BXhtin,•r|UJfOV«lm«« XXVABTSEMBNTS THIS KTBNINO.Pennsylvania to 4»t ill greatercalled the refKcan "Banner State" of theWALLACE'S THEATRE, Broadway—tun Ms* o r rum OUMESTtam \LACBA KBBXB'S THKATBS, Bo. SM Broadway-BBW BOWERY THEA TER. Bawary.—Afternoon aad H»ei»Bf— Beoawooft— NUoic TucttraT—BICHABB l i tBARS t MS AMEKKAK MUSSOH. Broadway.-D»/ u d Xvtntag—Tu SEAor to—AcTM I'MIHM-LITUIU Con AVtlTMB,*C ___.BBTAMT8' MTJiSTBELH, M«chaak»' HA». 471 Broad War — Beauaaauaa, Soatta, OifCM, So.—JACK CASK.HOOLST * CAMPBELL'S MINSTRELS. Rlfcte'a ftatooa, Broadway.—EnrorftAX SO.XCA DAXCKS, Bcrat-aaajras, Ac— llArrr Saw Yaaa.them a certain number of men of high charac-confederation,haverenderedItespeciallyinte- weaknesswhichsuchacompromisewould ter,andHisalsothefactthatthefervidelo-Iesting and important to know whether the involve. Theyare,therefore,resolvedtofight quence and sound philosophyof Mr.CharlesCATCVBBBUBT Paxoaa,MUSIC B eBALL,S BBroadway.—Soma,MBLODBOM. MA 890 Broadway.—Soaoa, Daacas, B o aRatata of (fee Association of National Unity," drawn up by Maxzini, and which is considered as the political programme of himself and friends.The newafrom Hungary i s very revolutionary. Biota have taken place at Pesth, Debretzin and in several other large towns, while there is evidently an impatience on the part of the population of the whole country, to rise against Austria.The steamship Ariel, from Aspinwall 16th inst., arrived at this port yesterday, with the mails and treasure—the latter to the amount of $1,225,217— which left San Francisco on the 1st, and news from the west coa»t of Mexico, New Granada and the South Pacific republics. Her advices from California have been anticipated by the overland express.ceding States that, if they continue contuma- cious, they will be whipped back into the Union, and that the President elect, as the last resort, is unchangeably pledged to this policy of ooercion.This is the Northern side of the picture, for, since this last Presidential election, no man will for a moment deny that the republican party represents the power of the North. Nor is the Southern side of the picture in any de- gree more encouraging in behalf of a recon- ciliation. The secession agitation of the South has passed beyond the control of the politi- cians of that section. The reins have fallen from their hands. Secession has become aconsider the several bills presented, and it isan easy matter for him to select, out of one hun-dred and twenty-eight members, seven for theCommittee "on Cities and Villages" who will heguided solely by the demands of the lobby, orseven who will turn a cold shoulder to all of theirimportuning. Next in importance to that ofappointing the committees, and a question thatis entering largely into the controvery, is the the national weal than Mr. William H. Seward, tory. One reason is that she considers by dent of the United States. And for that reason1. tiuu «>f -u aiiequate supply of this importantat fnur mm 9*r | au.| i lor the corifcumpttoB of Europe aad of America aa- . 1 ruttxit a m> «t serioas character—one which few not fa-Mr. Seward subsequently to the election of Mr. Lincoln to the Chief Magistracy of the republic Hithertohehasheldhispeace;but,inanela-late campaign. Jllut it is because they stand borate and carefully prepared speech, he has at last promulgated his views to the country,w tRM&PG/TMMCB, _f > 4TaarW* q^* | M woHtf; V M 4 WHI *t >. Diiliar with iu rnaeaees aa commercial aad industrial forward as the leading republican States th;»:• f oc» V«UMS Cowirwitni *u ' punniH»wouldintaylar. Wehaveabownia preriousar- to0***AU.Lamas AimPACKB%£»a*f.9*. 39»! tiel > m ibia paper that the only cotton "patch" to be : fouad in the world extetsd ia the Boutaera states of America, wltere the aaDual plant, from the topographical feature* <T ita anil and the peculiarity of climate, aecftre* attrruatioas of rata aad aunehiae withgoing forward having that object in view to patent that it was made upIn New Granada it wonld appear the govern-ment continues to triumph, though the news is, as popular Southern epidemic. The masses of usual, conflicting. Dates from Santa Martha are tie people of the South have taken it up, and to the 4th inst. It had been besieged by the rebels calculating politicians there and pru- for eleven days preceding that date, and con-siderable damage was done by the bombardmentGeneral Jones, United States Minister to Newfeelings will act as a" powerful incentive in of the same calibre. W e have no doubt that stimulating tbe ardor of the Imperial troops is these gentlemen supported Mr. Lincoln in alllikely enough. Tbe army may so be kept sincerity, and that they are quite as much faithful. astonished by tbe effect of his election as anyTbe support Of Germany is anticipated in one else. The President elect could not refuse tbe struggle, by the confederation holding the to act upon their advice, and to take some imme-Granada, was detained there, being unable to pro- ceed to Bogota. All the States, except those in Mosooera's interest, had voted for President. So tar, Arboleda has a majority over General Herran.diate steps in tbe path of conciliation. Mr. Weed Italians and Hungarians. It will be a fear of Lincoln, fixing matters about the city spoils,From the South Pacific we learn that PresidentCastilla of Pern had a narrow escape from assassi-nation in Lima on November 23d. There is noth-ing new about the United States claims. Effortsavre to he made to raise the frigate Callao, whichwas sunk off the port of that same sometime lastfall. I k s new revised constitution has been pro-mulgated. Bolivia has not yet declared waragainst Peru, though the Bolivian Minister of theInterior recommends that it should be done imme- coln's administration, the only remedy to beThe finale of these wrangles, considering the at- has already concocted some measure of paci-diately. Chile is quiet. It ia thought the Aran- •janian Indian rebellion will be easily suppressed. the extra motion Of Congress had adjourned.expected for secession is that of the subjuga- tion of the seceding States by the army, navy and militia of the United States. Of course the only result to bo anticipated from this policy ofmy was granted without the least resistance from the majority, it mattered not how ob-continued, or a new order of things established ward, therefore, with anxious expectation to the with our lawmakers. Whether or not the scene course which may be pursued by the "irre-shifters of the last, remarkable Legislature pressible conflict" orator of this State, and a good deal in their endeavor to fathom the will bitterly atone for his reticence.By the Ariel we are In receipt of correspond-ence from Washington Territory, and various subjugation is a ruinous civil war—ruinous tonoxious the measure or how adverseterests of the public at large. The organizationof the next House is therefore to settle the It is a basis upon which all law abiding question whether the raid against the rights ofthe inhabitants of Manhattan Island is to be united and can securely stand. We look for-We can now see the motives which resultedin the Austrian refusal to entertain the propo- to use every possible effort to extricate it TheThe Ariel also brings interesting details of newsfromJapantoNovember 1,which may bo found tion to pare the way to peace and reunion?that hasexistedforyearsbetweenthehardsand and statesmanlike course, worthy of the suc- in good time, will get used to young Master tion—secession. He went down to persuade softs in the democratic party, and which must cessors to the Presidential chair once occupied Jonathan, and will find that, in spite of his levi- them that, by waiting a little, they couldla another cohunn. Upon this point we do not altogether despair. 31s ovorlaad express, which left San Francisco The general aspect of things on every hand ia! »u..oiai.t li.*t to mature it. The extent of thisI field, if fully cul.ivated. would yield from 8,000,- SUBJK i 000 to 9 000 000 o' bales per annum, worth, atprised his lieutenants that thev must be readyfor war in the early part of the forthcoming who assisted in the disruption of theyear. democratic party nt Charleston are notIt to evident from this that the mere cession those who would be likely to pacifyNIBIXrs UAKDEX. Broadway—Tava ObUHAioa.WUrntB OABDEB. Broadway, opaoaite IBond street.— ; present prtos, about 1*50,000,000. liut the most ever pro- ir YAM WIMEUB—Mr Tocau w i n uu> O u I ' l l U U l | duced fr« m "hie region, owing to the scarcity of tropicalls direction. While thi.s great confed- reader, and contains several germs of good. i- )»i ni king to pieces, and when theBOWEST TRBATBE, Bowery -Afttrnoon M l Br«alaf- : 4 ftocsa'* tUii-ssntiA* Taoora—XOJTSTES or ST.000.000. Su.h are the demands of thectvnmed world for Ihi area* staple that, could peace he preaervad, s.Oe 000 of bales would Boon be produced from oar pro* sentforte,ofunannualvalueof$900,000,000,aasource <>fwealth before uaeajoyed by the exportsof country under the sua, hut which . tof. fanaticism may partially if not whollya a d 11-'••- r e v e r s e t h e w h e a l s o fJwrnal, edited by Thurlow Weed, in favor ofsacrifices to preserve the integrity of the Aukrians are not strong enough to show thei laborers, has been 4,600,000 bales, of the value off civil war are thickening over us, as JO now. this* ih not the time for men in ity to halt upon the paltry and obsolete considerationsofi»artyprinciplesorplat-foi ms. *Let Governor Morgan, it hisvannual messageto our Legislature, put in a strong recommen- dation for the call of a State Convention to «>p«-n negotiations with Virginia for the Union, and let our Legislature call a Convention atThe elaborate appeals of the Albany Evening of Venetia would be no panacea for the evils the South at (he present juncture. It to quiteIwhich divide Austria and Hungary. The true that these hack politicians gathered aboutHow York, Wednttday. December 96,1860. proclamation made in flaming capitals to theWeed. Mr.Seward is, firstly, utterly opposedThe News. on tbe passage of' Nothingnewhastranspiredwithreferencetothe theStateConventdinance of disunion bySouth Carolina, let Alabama, let Louisiana, letIndian Trust Pond robbery at the Interior Depart-InemV We publish, in another column, an officiallist of the numbers of ail the bonds abstracted,pave $61,U)0 of six per cent bonds of the State of ber attitudecheck, now and in the future, just as much as in tbe past, and asserts that she retains the grasp of Venice in discharge of a trust toThe question then recurs as to what ican be adopted to stay the tide of revolution.iSorth Carolina. The public are cautioned by the go\ erameat officers not to negotiate thaas hoods, as proper measures have been taken to traceout. and also to stop the payment of the into; de- oa theen on the 1st of January neration and national inde- pushing the claims of Dewitt C. Littlejomn, to fill the vacuum." With regard to his own Carolina, before the end of Speaker of the last Assembly, and supporter of action and the action of his party, he simply be supported by Florida, Ala- all those measures which the public have stig- declaree that be will favor no compromise ama. Mississippi and Georgia. It is probable, matized as being corrupt; while tbe Spruce •which New York, Pennsylvania and NewEurope as much as for the protection of her Looking towards Washington, we see no signsown southern territories.Busaelt, who was arrested tn this city nrdsy. upon suspicion ot complicity bery of the government, reached'"" terday, and was oommitted to prison bail in half a million doDars.The steaBfthip Pulton, Captain Wo fk)uthamptpn 19th insU, arrived at this Laif-pas^one o'olocking lW\p y w , up _Robinson, one of the members of the last Legis-inmittee of Thirty-three (op rather of thirty) of the House, and in the Compromise Committee of Thirteen of the Senate, have all fallen shortly elected members upon this question.The selection of a Speaker for the lowerthe civil war with which it is menaced? What-ever they will do Mr. Seward proclaims histrophe which threatens, sooner or later, himself, and so they remain stuck mat, <to overwhelm her. That a desperate straggle cle for tite jeers and laughter of tbe boys,for the quadrilateral will soon take place to gross at beat is a bruised reed when any real certain; but the result of that struggle,fatwhich work to to be done, or when any great question both parties look with confidence to the issue, arises. Now the storm has smashed the Bjjgajjj h>by no means equally so. That the Italians legislature beyond all hope of redemption. will have to trust to tbe Hungarians and the There seems to be no hope of relief from any of Hungarians to the Italians, and that neithercould do anything serious without the co-ope-ration of the other, is a circumstance whichmakes tbe so-called glorious uncertainty of warall tbe greater. Tbe hope of Italy lies in the old parties and their leaders have gone down outbreak of a successful revolution in Hungary.That tbe Hungarians are thirsting for the bloodand downfall of Austria we know; and thattheyareneverlikelytobesatisfiedtill,byac- treated. Theoldnostrumshaveallfailed,and tual triumph on the field of battle, or by exact-ing a constitution with which imperial supre-macy will be wholly inconsistent, is patent toall who have watched the progress leading members of the republican party of Magyar feeling. Nothing less than should send a mission to Springfield to the tbe cession of Venetia will havetbe slightest effect in averting the threatenedgold ant) a ]aaS#and valuable"c"Atelsjnmgiftpynopeugof the news by this arri- of the mark. It is manifest, and has been forbranch of our Legislature is of far more import- willingness to abide by. This is a great modifi-ance than is generally supposed by the public cation of the position be held when be made histbe means which have heretofore been adopted, and it is time that we tried some entirely new plan, and appealed to the incoming administra- tion for a definite exposition of its views. Theval was iweoWpd from Cape Race sad published in Saturday last, but the reception of ea enable us to give this g details of European in- than that received by theconfirm the previous re-movement in that king- aring to enter Yenetia in uedabriefaddressto to sustain the govern- nia, and concludes by 1861, should see Me- an army of half asome time, that nothing can be agreed upon among the clashing sectional elements of either of these committees equal to the necessities of these revolution- ary times. We have no hope of re- lief from either branch of Congress. The coercion wing of the republican party rules that camp. The party is to stand its ground.Noconcessionsaretobemadetoslavery,be- yond the letter of the constitution; andthe anti-slavery interpretation applied- to that instrument by the .Chicago restrictive resolu- tions is to be adhered to. Believing in theat large; but the politicians and lobby men are fully alive to tbe magnitude of the question; hence we have not only the party leaders, but members of the third bouse, engaged in this controversy, and, as might be ex- ptcted, this latter class are confident of thefamous speech at Rochester, inl858 ; for there is not a man north of the Potomac, unbiassed, and who has carefully analyzed the feelings and sentiments of the New England and Central States since the recent Presidential election, who is not convinced that three in New England and four in the Central States out of every five voters areconservative in sentiment,andpreparedtoaccepttheamend- ments to the constitution recently presented at Washington by Senator Crittenden, of Ken-to thrir political graves'; there let them rest in peace. We have fresh combinations, new men and novel diseases of the body politic to beof civilization for a century or more to ahowoi tn a former article that the Bast failed in growing cotton to compete with after having spent $5,000,000 hi the schemes of English •>cottonanything practical is to be accomplished by tbe action of the New Jersey and Pennsylvaniathe tropical wilds of Africa to amuse the old women of ing paragraphs for abolitionThe Uaiea-The States ofNew Yonly tend afford pleaa- the United States.>fthe Great Central taut Ptaaiylvanla.the way of deliverance.i'he Cowl rat for S p e a k e r o f t b e Next S t a t e A»srmti!> —Import » m t o f t h e Cfcveatloa).There is at present a bitter warfare ragiug be- tween the two wings of the republican party indeputing a number of gentlemen to wait upon the inmates.of a lunatic asylum, to re-Union is dissoli Other States m aa'probabilit*^ne State has left it ing to follow her. In present appearances, intains, lieutenant*, place and spoils hunters in both branches of the recently trlumphantparty. The SewaTd-Weed portion of the party arethe preservation oi the greatness of the Union is time, and the consolatory reflection that " Canada and the Mexican States will rush indent men of property are, perforce, carried along by the resistless cur- rent Even in the hitherto staunch old conservative Commonwealth of Virginia the in- veterate disunion hating and Union loving old line whigs are pushed to the extremity of a warlike attitude against the North, in behalf of the Union.with several other considerations of more orless importance, fully realized by those who areafter the spoils, as well as the name and glory ofvictory, are the elements at work in this sharplyfought contest, which the public at large are ap-parently looking at with a quiet indifference. public. It is more than likely that Mr. SewardNEW YORK HERALD, Vfl§&TfSDAT. DECEMBER 26. 1860.It would thus appear that an impassablechasm has been made between the two sec-tions—that the secession spirit in the South hasbecome a popular mania, which must run itscourse to the actual experiment of a Southern tors were put through without a saving clauseSouthern brethren. H e says that the difficultybetween the seceding States and the Northconfederacy, and that in behalf of Mr. Lin-lieing incorporated, and every demand of thebangers on who were classified in Weed's ar- the desired result. There is no point, more-sooner or later relieve us of the rule and ruin by Washington, Jefferson, Madison and Jack- en the afternoon of the 12th inst, arrived at Fort gloomy and dispiriting. The dismemberment policy which has characterized the annual son, is pursued by the President elect, thebring the North and West to the rescue o fKearney yesterday morning. The steamer Uncle and demoralization of Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet gatherings at Albany, ever since the election ofBam left Saa Fraaciaco onthalSthfor Panama, clouds which obscure the horizon will yet with $1,411,115 in gold and $12,000 m «iver, all of have rendered him powerless; the two houses legislators was settled by appeals to the pee-J vanish. The reins of power will very shortlySouthern rights within tbe Union. His mis-which,5a coaaigBOd. to this, cny.of Congress do not afford a shadow of sectional pie in behalf of the well fed negroes of the pass into the hands of the republican party. harmony; the President elect, we are substan- South. Tbe sooner that day arrives the better Upon Mr. Lincoln and those who may be ad-to be in nana m toour time, and patiently await for tbe day of '-•W»erJBMB; ' . *ssibility of the future: and in proportion as they shall adopt the mild, cautious and for- bearingpolicywhichismeasurablyintimatedreaders will recollect, has been laboring zeal- ously with a view to introduce ckv raihravs intoLondon,Liverpool,Manchesterandotheramateur Union savers in Pine street got up by the Albany• Regency to repair somewhat their owndamagesintheirdestructionofthedemo-at thai season ial w^w ^^sa^aw '^s^Hr^m^m<^^|.!j^F~iUHHslj IVa\iA>* asSaS AAV/ y v B * J / i v u M w ^ o BTV/ aeASmsmve instructions, ''fresh from the people,"tbodledin the Chicago platform. Our| for this city, State and nntion. Let « • M fe mitted to his counsels will devolve the respon-then iaananneal to Statu actionI eas^as* as# smaa "a**r^Fim# w^s> *«rvwev nvsavas B~of a reconstruction of the Union.The Governor of Now York in a republican,our Legislature in both branches is strongly republican, and the State has goue heavily for the republican partysT The same is trueofand of tbe complicated phase of politics into have to absurd. W e advise our telegraphic ribbon for serviceswonld beive of the most beneuoent re- to our Governor and to Uherenot*ylvunia to take the, initia-Pi1,prim.Fathers, issatisfactory to many conser- ment papers of Austria,'and the general com- down politicians, who arevative republicans; and though the pith of his manding the Austrian troops in Italy has ap- greater or less degree for the evilsThe once for this purpose, and New York may open uce it iahis conciliatory course or not, and endeavor to repair the evils for which no one is more responsible than himself, and which his past teachings have brought upon tbe country. The answer has come, and it amounts, in substance, to a partial en-lustre over Italian history than that ofVenice—beautiful Venice, the pride of the sea?The mind loves to linger upon its centuries of quest them to be so kind as to con- greatness and grandeur, as the bee might lin- sider some very important question In ger on the flower. That the quadrilateral is accordance with tbe views of the public almost the key to the strength of Austria, and at large. The people of South Carolina have that it was asssigned to her after the great con- worked themselves up to fever beat, and are test with Napoleon, because Europe wished therefore quite incapable of listening to the her to exercise a controlling influence over thepower of France, cannot be questioned. Aus-• "The Union is dhsolved." This was the ihis.<tateoverthe organization of thenextState dorsement of the suggestions of ThurlowAssembly, which convenes at Albany on the 1stdelighted people iiitttarleston the other day, day of January, 1861. The choice of Speaker to all measures of coercion. He says, "lettoo, that before the 4th of March alt the other street philosopher, backed by Bryant, Field andslaveholding States will be drawn into an atti- the radicals generally, has trotted out Luoiuaof present or even prospective relief. The Pre- In the event of ceding Venetia she would sident declares that, in exhorting his follow destroy that prestige by which the hete- citizens to preserve the Union, he has exhausted Upon what compromise will New York, Penn- rogeneous Basses composing her popu- all his powers. Congress is still worse.. Both lation are nominally united. The act, it houses seem utterly paralyzed. They are like is alleged, would only hasten the catas- a weak man in a morass, too feeble to extricatetude of such active sympathy with the secedingSuites a s to leave to the incoming administra-tion no choice but war or the alternative of of venality that swept through the halls at our in these different States consent to, in order to acquiescence in a Southern confederacy. State capital during that long to be remembered preserve tbe integrity of the Union and saveThe experiments proposed in the Crisis Com- session; and each are busy influencing the new- it from the disintegration and, possibly, fromparamount sovereignty of the federal govern-J 'morning the "Fundamental I nient the republican party admonish the se-The Speaker, in the first place, has the ap- it manifest that the people of the extremist pointment of all the committees who are to nullifying, Personal Liberty bill States arePresident elect the only man who is in a posi- tion to assume the power once held by the Ro- man dictator, and the man among all men upon whom the responsibility of the nation's future1 a t in e who stood up in defiance of the hurricanesylvania and New England stand? What con- cessions will they grant? What will the majorityextern. ShewTata Approaching Itallam-Hwmgartaa York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati and Tresiatk War Against Austria. New Jersey, with the avowed object «'re-election of Speaker Littlejohn, and boldlyassert that he can be Speaker if he wishes it.Thechoicebetweenthosetwogentlemenis*ofvital interest to Weed and his lobby associates,tor upon it depend in a measure the profits oftheir winter's business as engineers, firemen tucky. The revulsion in public sentiment in and wheel greasers of the legislative machine. New England within the past six weeks makeswe ought to throw the trash and lumber out of the window and take an entirely fresh start In order to inaugurate the new movement, tbefact that the Speaker of the Assembly is, byvirtue of that office, one of the Commissionersof the Land Office, who have under their juris-diction all such questions as tbe West Washing-ton Market site. This being still an open ques-tion, it is not to be wondered at that the friends counsels to a patriotic and national basis. Ifand operators in that measure are now the sentiments contained in his speech are to beupon the anxious seat in regard to relied on, he may be expected to enter at oncethe organization of the House. These, into negotiations with Senators Davis, Toombsto New York city affairs, is of the greatest im- portance to our property holders and taxpayers. By the peculiar organization of the committees last winter the schemes of the gridiron opera-improve the Austrian position, and Austrian politics for a living. Such a mission luck is proverbial Austria is wanting in would have more effect than any half neither men nor the materials of war, and the dozen which could be sent to the Southernto the in-over, which he more strenuously advocates than amendments of the constitution. This is a gigantic step in advance of the fanaticism of the weaker members of tbe republican party.principles on the part of the President elect could not fail to be a happy one, and it seems to us that it to tbe duty of the men who have brought the country into its present troublesshall continue to hold that position for another will endeavor to believe that, through histerm, is a question worthy of serious con- means, light may shine out of the darkness by sideration on the part of all friends of honest which we are now surrounded.legislation, without regard to party lines.If Mr. Seward will carry out consistent- Let the result be as it may, there are many ly at Washington the conciliatory princi-American character. When they visit the United States they are in a continual whirl, and sigh for the steady going anti-innovation habits of the old country. When our people visit them, and purpose to do anything out of the old fash- ioned track, they hold up their hands in horror,POLITICAL MISSIONARIES TO TUB SOCTH.— General Caleb Cushing has been downhe believes half that he aayv upon this subject, cognized Br.'tish _ _ „ . _ ,should at once repair to Washington with bis he notan ardent adherent to the land of his The speech of Mr. Seward before the New "mahogany stocked" pistols, Joaded to the birth and a thoroughgoing Fourth of Jury de-Ei -i land Society, on Saturday evening last, was muzzle, for the relief of Mr. Buchaaan. But the mocrat we have no doubt that he might m-inently characteristic, both of the plastic truth to that Webb known tile President has no to a very high position under the British go-which the country has recently entered. The correspondents, however, to be a Utile moredecision of no Delphic oracle could have bees careful for the future in their discriminationlooked for with more interest than were the between authentic news and mischievous in- first words which might fall from the lips of ventions. We wont fact*, not fictions.those of our rapid young friend jThe meetings which have boon kebj kf N«w.I nion from M g | York and Pennsylvania, act- ing in conjuaflRn with Virginia and Tennessee, •»oof the nfj^jimportant States of the South,ofpreserving the Union, will nave Bttie or we believe any '.'-practical concession? for the ot the recent Forefather celebration at the As- culated to the effect that negotiations were meeting fat tide city ispolicy is veiled in a certain amount of mysti-cism, it is plainly discoverable to the.carefulthey now seek to remedy. Theviews therein expressed, and which have alreiidy divided the republican party in twain, are sustained by Mr. Seward, his fidus Achatestbe perilous battle which is to decide the fate O'Conor were wasted upon an unreliable and of VCnetia, and, so far, the cause of Italian inefficient assemblage. Nor can we see thatfor that branch of our State Legislature hasuthCarolina. "The hadiheeffectofstirringupthegenerals,cap- anyoneState,goout."Hisonlyremedyfor triamaintainsthatFranceoughttobekeptinarguments of gentlemen in private life, notor how convincing those arguments miunder ordinary circumstances. So the Union meetings are really of no accountEngland cannot stand upon."wavering and becoming ready to sacrifice their peculiar views on the slavery question to con- stitutional right, the just complaints of the South and the exigencies of the present emer- gency.wpr. The last Imperial charter was a failure, and all Hungary is even now more or less in a state of lawlessness, which the Empire has no power to suppress.Under such circumstances there is no states- man of the day, aside from Mr. Lincoln and his administration, who can accomplish more forAustria must have firm faith in the conside- rations which induce ber to refuse a large sum in ready money and make her sanguine of vic-We cannot shut our eyes to the fact that the republican party has succeeded to power according to tbe forms of the constitution, and that Mr. Lincoln has been legally chosen Presi-if be will sincerely repent of his past course. As one of the Committee of Thirteen, he can in a moment neutralize and retrograde the per-Austrians proper look upon the quadrilateral as the last remaining bulwark of the temporalnois, composed of such men as ShepherdStates toindications of a split in the dominant party in ples initiated in his speech at the Astor and marvel at tbe assurance of Young America. pause a little *for reflection before theyTHEDKMOBALIZATIONOFPAKTMB.—NOstrongerin behalf of the Union, and without further loss evidence could be furnished of the and condi- by Mr. Seward in his Astor House speech, will places in the United Kingdom. At first Train cratic party at Baltimore.of time,Wa thus appeal to the Governors respective-ly of New York, Pennsylvania and New Jersey, to submit to the Legislatures of said a riCOBMMmfloHrin each for an imme- on this question of theUnion. The Tif,hniBn»i of andm^BJ«S^B> •^B^B^SB^P Wat) mBBW ^w OSISt.tion of things in this country than the fete depend the prosperity of tbe republic for a had very hard work; but he to mot the As Judge Magrath, of Charleston, rrrfbrmsjdJanuary.awl. I sylvania, then,appearthatthesepartieshavefailed,orrepu-JvalierWebbseizesuponthisfictionofthe OB'JB^?».ewsasA*AU?n*^fcrOaSaB•savnaa,av^#aananuoaa ewaw,oo^< MM^-ati ofsavingtheUnion. Andwe areinclinedteAnte "vtt*YixgiuiBwftleast evidence of their iaselveney.New York, Newof Mr. Cobb's late Treasury loan. In Oc- long time to come.tober last a loan of ton millions on Treasury THE CHEVALIEK WEBB RAHPANT.—The Cheva- bonds was taken up at a premium, yet when lier Webb to making a great bugaboo of a re- themoneyfaltodue,wetoAtbntHtonotfor|aV cent Washington despatch published in the coming. Thebidsw«re made by bankers and HERALD, to the effect thai Mr. Buchanan could brokers, yet fbj repudiate their bids n o w , * not undertake to reinforce the federal ford atsort of Train which to stopped by ordinary Mr. Richard Lathers, of this afosesoM Pine or even extraordinary impediments. So he street meeting, that any Northern political mis- steamed away, working incessantly, until sionaries down in South Caroline weuM b e he got his cars running at Birkenhead, unwelcome visiters, we presume that Mr. Fill- and now is going about England like more remaiBS in New York. What to wanted to a second Peter the Hermit, preaching a n force of missionaries to Springfield, Hlineto» crusade against cabs and omnibuses. Ho talks of sufficient influence to bring "Honest AboiAustria will not sell Venetia. This toa settled fact The rumor that was cir- no weight with the South.toi House. The substance of his declarations,ihreugfa the medium of the descendants of the has been officially contradicted by the govern- from very auspicious materials, such iliberty, for without Venice the glories of Italy'sancient history and the strength of a firmlyunited territory can never be combined. Union men. The idea of sending ooasmlssionersin the United States Senate.tion has been of late propounded with moreanxiety than whether Mr. Seward would sustain Since Rome declined, what other star shed to South Carolina to utterly absurd It is likePerhaps no ques-ests.holding Venetia she is upholding the cause of he alone is in a position to still the raging internationallaw,orderandtheChurch.Tbe storm. ThereforeletushaveamissiontoIlli-nicious action which has been taken by therepublicans of that committee, and restore its sway of the Sovereign Pontiff. That these Grinnell. John G. Jones, and othersand Hunter, and the product of their united minds will be a scheme of conciliation which shall pour oil upon the troubled waters and allay the excitement which prevails throughout the length and breadth of the re-north eastern shore of the Adriatic with a forcesufficient to prevent the co-operation of the has already been laboring privately with Mr.Ac., but the mission we suggest should be com- tion doing this work of love. A decisive suc- posed of merchants, bankers, and other re- tention which our Legislature of late has paid fication which will readily be accepted by his cess early in the campaign might wonderfully sponsible men who do not depend uponFrance only that will prevent tbe confedera-ought to be "settled in sixty days." He isfertile in resources, inexhaustible in ingenuity impoverished state of her exchequer will not tell States, and Mr. Lincoln would be in dutyfull of talent, and he will doubtless present abound to speak out in response to the earnest request of the responsible men of his own par-plan to his colleagues which may accomplishand Union loving citizens of the land will besals for the sale of Venetia.leaders of the republican party have assumed a fearful responsibility in dictating utter silence to the President elect If he does notheavily upon her at the outset An Austrianvictory in a forced battle might effectuallydaunt the Hungarians, or make their revolution, ty. The effect of a declaration of conservative successful though it might be, so far local as toprevent its being of any great service to theItalians.YOUNO AMBBICA ABROAD.—Our British cous-ins are proverbially slow. They are bothered apeak out now the time may come when bety end harum-scarum tendency, there to still agreat deal of good stuff in him. Indeed, we fan-cy that Steers and Hobbs, and McCormiok and t-ion was a failure, of course. Otter North-Rarey, have already shaken the old gentleman's ern missionaries to this field of Southern laborfaith in hto infallibility, and that Mr. George Fran- have also boon appointed, and conspicuous cis Train—a sort of lightning train—has quite among them is ex>President Fillmore, who owesstartled him from his gravity. Train, a s our bto commission to a late private mooting o fan extension of thirty dayi wat gtoBf Charleston because he was afraid if he did heNor does it I would be in danger of assassination. The Che- to the people in the genuine Young America Lincoln" manfully into this aU iw.portent workdieted any other eeatreeta, or that there to tfrii rtreet for a terrible onslaught upon the coward-Untitled Documentthink that "Old Abe" to gettfrg into a proper I ice of the President T > valiant Chevalier, if tijonf in his favor. Train, b already a re- frwne of mind to listen, to ^ood counsels on thisThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comoft h e mostenthusiasticpopulardemonatre-Enapp, James ' Gallatin, Moses H.to SouthCarolinaand them,other Southerninduceif possible, to  