 -i^ ,.•9QJMTSr—nO.2822. ^IMmmrniMKB, rmiTATBFtmi.TRB Am'•NEW-YORK,WEDNESDAY,FEBRDARY15, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.Treaty.ImleiiHBtarf irtlelei Anthoriiiig imeri- euIiUrmttM.aent of Mexico by Hoa. »-— AlVataB,«»aNioaySinimporUUoDipureBnailw awaldBfraltfaMiaBiathe•«Mla. CaaoeiTlagHtoeiaeOeeaB,ItahallbeIneonslderatlanofthesaaia cendttlea* and stlpalation* of reciprocity whioh are iapoeed npon the United States by the tenM of thla CeaveatlOB.LUI </' Jfrrcteeiiise mmund tt ArticU VIU. AalaalaefaUklads.Plow* and loo*e Irea bars. Rice.Poultry and fresh egg*. Qniektilvcr.Stone ooal.Fresh, sailed, and smoked aiealf. Woodaadlionhoaaee.Raw hides.Horoi.Chile or red pepper. Drawingsandmedelaeflargea>acUBery;tfaHdiatiyandboats.Boats of all sixes and clasaee, for the aavlsatiCB e<WRECK OF IN AMERICAN PACKET.took plaee In the street, and It was iaflenrad ttat tkelr feeUnits were eonsequenUy sympatketie with Franoe. Tbe French Protecttoatots wei« aaUaf daaparata efforts against the Emperor's propoaad eommerdal re-form. PetitionswerebeingaameiaadT^ajt JiJtm»a$iUttti*mSekuwi fWM~"->!>• l>iil oil 1m Mlial |H»n»««—»*«*°* '""^head, the Emperor contlnned toreeelve eon- gratnlasery addresses from Important ooataereial bodies.The Pay says that numerous deputotkais from Savoy, comprised of persons of high standing, were dailyarriving.The Paris Floor market had declined 1«2 francsWheat waa dUBcnlt to seU at tke reduced rates. Wheat was also lower in most of tke provin- cial markets.tkl*sonntrr,1h»T«•*«">•"" tV IruMteU, »oth<c*nel and lug*'Mi Viaaa. aad te botU* them tkc una M I am aad'tooiaalyvHhtb* to th« iBpartut utiela* tt Bnndy,^tara k«n dolBcvith tb« Betskpv* «wkt«lparity.to not pass;poru, bUls andIlor the lait aad the preTiou year wereSTATESANDTHE rales,vignettes,aadprtnttngiak.moniiag.>hlgkef I per eeat had takea plaee. At the close on tke three thoasand aiat, tkere was a sUghtly better feeUng, and the Judge* U tobettmilaeiitiAjtlclMt.1859,be c^allrlaqwiti^lhat tke f«li« ihonld be pre-only apoa tta aUpalatioBS ef iUsIpeelalSl^atehtethaMeir-Torki Wasazaoioa,Toaaday,Feb.M.The Senate was more crowded to-day witt n,to ieal with my aad aad gtrc ay oerlUaMa ia»au>Wiiig tfeair aa-DSITB or THS niiSlHIB COHFQUIEff, Later fram CUu aid iottralia.,P*Biu>s, Tuesday, Feb. 14.per sack— '—.-—» IcatdtoIt,fore the readeas e< the Tuns.te present to the world a synopsis of these negotia- tloBS, It is quite proper that we shoold also be the iiat tomakepubUetheeatireInstraaentA Brassele Umwrs, siin>ressedgeneral Interest.model the Court of Claims. It1 laniii lint TriTtnq»»»H, featfoniiditiBpoMRiIciadow, «•-Ibeenthe firstInpobUcatlm of the France, wIU be oonttaoedinWiMi, awlBc to the' tn tiW laewH of my enterprlie,amount lavolved be •er doUar*. Theagreentemtofttaaa nece*sary to the rendition of a jalf are to be paid out of tke Geaaral Printed booiis of all elasses bound la paper, (paB- TkaMbauea reports, Feb. 1, sailed from Liver- ascribed by the Parii correspondeat of tbe Daiif appropriation, or by law for the satisfaeiiaB ofprlcM in I IV ikart (rapt enpa tor mDeyMn. new the.aai<k«»*tetla ay favor iitUa: Tbe doty now oa TnaekBiaariy ia la.p^r eeat. Uu thui it wu when my t*m >e««» to loUeit me to forniata pare aad Wloei. Tbece fcrning cireiuutaDeea en- atMaata wrnianee a new enterpriK. I btreeon- , to bottle I am well btaa biiter experience, the rile attack!, tlie apxeoeatation ot motiTee and enmity of dealeri and alxan of bad articlee, wfctcb I met with aad conqaered ^laeeaeeofmy Scbnappe, before it attained ite pres* aat praad preemiaence otot ail other gins, that the newphlet bound.) Hops.TtaDbcr, UBwrought, and firewood. Butter and cheese.poo] ia eempaaywith the ship Jokn M. Wood for New-Orleans, and eicbanged signals with the steam- ship fiuM^erum tan miles to the westward of Holy- head. Onthe3dsawasteamert>ouadeast,The Swiss Federal Cooneil had drawalar dispateh exjprdsslag alarm at the poeelbUIty of theaiiuexation of and Nice to Savoyprivate claims. Should this bill bO to law, then an effort win be made to Cotut.htersupposed to be the Europa. On the Ith was In company withFrance.The Grand Duchess Stxthaiiu, of Baden, is dead.reportedyort C«(aae Brandy and Wlnet rftr Bedkal ai well ai forprlTate <ue.The Boktmum leftP. M. on tke 2d Inst, and experiencedapoB ae the importation of a pore, invigorating articleand manufactures of leather.of textile or woven fabric of cotton,AU ofpart, wished also to satisfy these provlsces Dj pro- claiming the law of Sardinia, for political reasons, torlated to embarrass him. The of State Secretary•IBmady. Iiballdom•at of tbe dealers and teller* of the staff In bottleatwenty-five second-eabin passengersboard.aaUed"Brandy," of which milllont of bottlee are an-aad which ia no better than the wont of the road. Upon such malls none of tiie chargessponsibility for tbe tranquility of pactficatton of Itely.and Europe thein the Herald were actually received at hisment <j_From the Associated Press. WASHuiOToa, Tuesday, Feb. 14.:pared CeanaalioB, \atresohitlOBs, than it waa afar bateaIn epite of an opposition—OTontheconcludes by stetlng that he will never tail in his re-hewould have toseriously if one quarter of the dlspatohes aBBOoacadI am perfectly willing and latlafied to embark in this M* eatorprlM, and bare so fears, nodonbtsforthe oltl-I raeeess for myself and the aad drnggist* apothe-litt the thirty-three Btatei, If they will heartily «a*|erat* with aa in my effort* to drlre oat of a*e the Tfi**t«( eompannda, eaUed "Brandy," and replaee It ««b the pare, nnadnltaratod artiele, which I will falth- tanyandtnlytan>Iy>Articles of the Treaty ef the fifth of April, one thousand laoet totally destroyed. She had a large and valua-eight hundred and thirtyone, in which that which re- lates to the exercise of their religion by the cltizeaa of Mexico was stipulated, tne citlxens of the United States will be permitted to exerdie freely in Mexico their re- ligion, either In public or in private, witliin their houses or in the churches and places which may t>e assigned to worship, as a eonsequenae of the per- fect equality and reciprocity which the second Arti- cle of the same treaty states was taken for lu basis. The chapels or places for public worship m%y be purchaied, and shall be held as the property of those who may purchase them, as any other common property Is purchased or held, excepting therefrom, however, the religious communities and corporations to whom the present laws of Mexico have prohibitedand forever and a day the obtaining andholding anything whatever in propriety. In no caseshall citizens of the United States residing In Mexico Mr. Gussroax announced that, on the fllh, he were ordered to clear the streets. Attempte wereThe Brandy imported by me I will bottle, and seal *tth ay seal, ay label, and add ay eertifieata that it is aftiiaflnt qoallty, and pore and osadolterated as when b30th,troopsfrontier were todetermine. Tbe treaty wiU not be reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations untU the result of the oofifaenoe Is known. There does not seem any ^Ippixitkifi toleft the distillery in France.I will stake my repatatlon as a man, my standing as aIsthmus,for shipment from either of the said ports of deposit to any foreign port, free of aU tonnage or other dutiesbe Increased.A popular manifestation with shouts, " Viva la Con-etuuzione," had Uken place.AUSTRIA.It was considered not unlikely that a state of siegeaerehant, and m; tried nommerflal integrity, that whatBrasdin. I ihall not designate the article by other anyHungary,before long. Agitation continually prevaUed atI pMie aad eertifr to with my seal, label and my; and they may likewise be withdrawncould bepapers producedmy eertUcate, is eorreet, and can be relied npon by par. •baser* in any section of the Union to wliich my Brandy may Iw eent. I baTe made arrangement* with the best Brandy manoihcmrersin France, with those who hare a wa^-wide renown a* the flist Brandy exporters. I haTe selected (bar eminent firm* who will ship me theirentirelyt>e subject to have forced loans levied upon them. axTicu z.(bethe public service.without detriment toVenitia. In the coarse of one day, seven officers were attacked and wounded in Verona, and the cavalryTHar than WoUb's Genolne Cegnae Bnmdy. If I were employ the requlslle force for that purpose:t* do otherwise it wonld be oseless, for then aoprinci but upon failure to do fh>m cause this, anyrious traffic of imitating all valaable articles, wouU may, with the consent, or at the request of *oea imitate and adopt my mark aa a cloak under which the Government of Mexico, or of the Minister there- to aeU their compound of poison* to coyer the Tile Impo- of at 'WailUngton, or of the competent legally-ap- riUrtn*. pointed local authorities, civil or military, employ;I shall al*o import the best and parest Hadeirs, Port ?uch force for this and for no other purpose andthe exchange of the ratifications of this treaty, andtne remaining two millions shall be retained by theGovernment of the United States for the payment ofthe claims of citizens of the United States against theGovernment of the Republic of Mexico, for injuries tbe Government underbtood, a plan for an army asso- siiiou of Portugal in regard to aU nations.and Sherry Wines for medical purposes. These I also gmarantee with my seal, my label and my eertiflc&te.when. In the opinion of the Government of Mexico,the ceases, such force shall benecessity immediatelywithdrawn.In the exceptional case, however, of unforeseen oralready inflicted, and which may be proven to be just, according to the law and usage of nations and theciation in Sardinia, having for its object the volun- tary organization of the people, had been proposed, but GAaiBAiDi bad not accepted the Presidency.CAPE OF GOOD HOPE.The datrs are to the 22d December. Trade was duUbutimproving. AUwasquietonthefrontiers.Tbe first electric telegraph at the Cape was in fuUBristow, Burnett.Cooper, Craig of Missouri, Co rry, Davis of Mississip-There Is no Importer who possesses more actual ex-'perience and knowledge of the importing liquor andwin* trade than I do. 1 have been engaged in It over of the United States, the forces of said Republic areMr. LiHSBAV moved for a select Committee to In- qufre fully Into the operation of the burdens andLaag- drum, Larrabee. Leake, McPhfrson; Mc'Qoeen, Mc- Rae, Moore of Alabama, Morns of Peaosylvaaia, Sir Jons Wiinr, late Chief Justice of the Colony, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pryor, Quarles. Rntgaa,thirty year*. IamBOWplacingmyBrandyandWinesfor talewithan th« druggists, apothecaries and country merchants to the United States, so that physicians and prirate families will find no difficulty in procuring a genuine Brandy and Wine for medicinal nse.USOLPHO WOUI, No. 22BeaTer'St., New-Tork. From tke Sunday Courier.I2HTATION I.IQUORS.;and suchINDIA ANDCHIN.VTbe India and China maUs, from Calcutta De:. 22,and Hong Kong Dec. 13, have been deUvered. Their nenswas generally anUcipated.Nats—Messrs. Adams of Massacbusetis, Adams of Kentucky, Aldrich, AUen, AUen, Babbi'.t, Beale, Bing- ham, Blake, Bdieler, Boullgny, Brayton, BuSngtoa, Burch, Burlingame, Bumbam, Butterfieid, Canuptiell, Carey, Carter, Clark of Mlerourl, Colfax, Calling,"Warn USOUBO Woua commenced to import his lontsia Bcnifrs, he not only hit upon a profitable boslneas idea, but he rendered the public a subitantial trrloe. Anexperiencedimportorandannprightman with capital and energy to sustain him, he boilt ap a large trade, embracing trcm one and a half to two mil- Uonaofbottlesperannum. SofarasOi3risconcerned, thepublicknowwheretogetapurearticle. Butthat doe* net meet the neoessity. There are cases In which rtna BaaiPT or Wbiut would be prsfbrableMexico and the United States near the degree west longi- tude from Greenwich, immediate notice there- of being given to the local authorities of the Repnblic of Mexico. And the two Re- publics agree, likewise, that it shall be an express stipulation, with the eomoanies or enter-to whomtion Is granted, by any railroads or other means of commanlcaUos, on the aforesaid transits, that the price for oenveying the troops, military stores and munitions of war sf the twoand oia- is natded for iiiTalids, festalas, and children, ia whoae oasa* the itnnser Uqaen would b« too potent.From the Sunday Utmay,la the way of liquor, pure, unadalterated Brandy Isa preyeatlTe and cure for many diseases that flesh IsSan Juan alone to tbe and west,AUSTRALIA.rm WmWhereat, In consequence of the existing civil warMelbourne dispatches to Dec. 19 report a large sup-At ney, also, wool, taUow and hides were in less demand.From Baenos Ari**8.and,asabeverage,hasawholesomeeffectterri- wherefore Ihe following Coa-:Aincui.If any of the stipnlatlons of existing treaties be-tween Mexico and the United Stetes are violated, orthe Safety and security of the citizens of either Re-hair to ithe mental aa well as the physical nature, stimulating heth to a condition ot healthful actlTity, estabUiblng a aaifira action of all the natural powers, and traagtiieainc th* digestlTe organs. On the other haal. the tOs adallaratfoBS generally sold as Brandy, In this and other oonntrle*, are rank poitoru, more ter- rlM* In tteir alow nndsrmlBlng of health and reason that tha *abtle*t powder of the Borgias. Knowing those ftet*, aasy who aeknowladge tha aadlcal and rejmTanatlng efflcaey of tha rv* article, an afraid to hay. and there are thousands who bare long hoped that 10816 TtfimuibU man—a man who had a high reps- tation te sustain—would eabark ia the enterprise of impOTtmf pure Brandy, which no man would be afraidtouseinhisfamily. WearesladConoticethat oar well-known (ellow-cititen, Mr. Udolpbo Wou*,•tXo. tt Bearer-tt., has taken the maUer la annoaaee* his intantlan ot Importing froa roua or taa aoai anam naaa a raaaoa, their ehoieestTbe Indians have made an incursion Into tbe north but he wanted this weat longitude from Greenwich, vii Magdalene occur on the frontier of the two Republics, the au- fundamental basis on which the relations between of tbe Province, robbing and plundering. There are ing information,:consequently leaves us with this island only, while tbe Americans republics shall be, at In Mezlso, and particularly in view of the disturbed will retain the remainder. So consllerable in tact Ishand,andpreseatad aepa-uponSENATE.WiSHiaoToa, Tuesday, Feb. 14.The Chairman presented the Kansas Conattin- tion of the Wyandotte Convention.Mr. SxwAxn, of New-York, (Rep.,) moved Itt refer. ence to the Committee on Territories.,QIB SEUTIOKS WITH MEXICO.Vfext of til* ncI<aae-Ocaa^o the Gnib of Mexico aad California, and npoa tke Pa- AiriTal of tbeThe treatr eoDclndad wilk tkeEI.BCTED.LiberalOorerB- * Tr*1tiT ii, aa Plenlpo- »n»llpartaof teatiaryefthaUaitadatatoa.Dee.14, isnowtha aettaawe this aomlag lay tha anthaatie text be-ttemwaiaadnr Mr. Bataxs repotted a bOlta ra-apoaoftheSenateinle-which maythat may be imposed upon the persons and property of Mexicans. The Republic of Mexico will continue to allow the free and untrammeled transit of the malls of the United States, provided they pass in closed mail bags, andcause,morning.passbythis road tboee beyondtheyImposed, nor of those which may hereafter be Im- posed, shall be applied in any case.AxncLi rr.The Mexican Republic agrees that It will establishlanoLi iz;As an amplification of the fourteenth and fifteenthDepart-for each of the two ports of deposit—the one on the east, the other on the west of the Isthmus—regula- tions that will permit the effects and merchandise be- longing to citizens or subjects of the United States or of any foreign country to be entered and stored in warehouses,whichshallbeerected forthatwhich, itsapposad, would be saved in a damagedhasLetters frompurpose, free of all tonnage or other duties whatever, except the necessary cbarges for cartage and storage, which said effects and merchandise may be subsequently withdrawn for transit across the said aadOn theRusBXU. stetsd In reply to Mr. Disxaru, that In con- sequence of a report whteh reached the Government from their Minister In Switzerland, a representetlon was made In July lait to tbe French Government in reference to the rnmored annexation of toreirforcemente. Itwasstetedthatthetional party to enter into the arrangement it Is ooa-make the freaty a strict party quesUoii.The Post- Office Appropriation bUl will to-marowbe returned to tbe Senate, which wIU sunender Us abolition of the franking privilege amendmeat, iawhateverfrom the said warehouses for sale and consumption, within the territory of the Mexican Republic, on theof such duties or as the said payment Imposts Mexi-can Government may be pleased to enact, aancu v.shouldVeoitia,Thecome necessary st for the andIn consideration of the foregoing stipulations, andin compensation for the revenue surrendered by Mex-ico on the goods and merchandise transoorted free ofduty through the territory of that Republle, the Gov-ernment of the United Stetes agrees to pay to theGovernment of Mexico the sum of $4,000,000, of ferred from the Admiralty to the Po3t-ofl5ce Depart- No news of moment hau been received.imminent danger to the lives or property of citizens authorized to act for their protection without suchconsent having been previously obtainedforces shall be wiUidrawn when the necessity for this e.-oployment ceases.iITictx VI.The Mexican Republic grants to the United Statesthe simple transit of its troops, military stores andof, and the remainder of this sum shall be returned to Mexico by the United States, In case there be any such remainder after the payment of the claims thus found to be just.aancu xi.This Treaty shall be ratified by the President of thetered at length Into the alleged grievances of ship- owners, but repudiated any desire to return to Pro- tectionist principles.After some debate, the motion was agreed to. Leave was given to bring In a bUl for the preventionOE>eration. is dead.Rlggs, RuflSn, Rust, Scott, Sickles. Singleton, Steven- son, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Webster, Woodraff and Woodson.munitions of war by the Isthmus ofand by the transit or route of communication referred to In this Conveotlob from the city of Guaymas, on the Gulf of California, to the Rancho de Nogales, Or some suitable point on the tMundiry line between thethe Senate of the United Stetes, and by the Presi-dent of Mexico, in virtue of his extraordinary andactual executire fimctlons, and the respective ratifi-cations shall be exchanged at the City of Washington, The Prince of Orange was on a visit to Queen Vio- The Hong-Kong correspondent of the Timse says, Irvine, Junkln, Kellogg of Michigan, Kdlon within the exact period of six months frx>m the date ToxiA at Windsor Cattle. the only point of any importance was the intended of Illinois, Leach of Michigan, Lee, 1 netsB, of Its signature, or sooner if possible, or at the seat of Tbe London Timee, in an editorial, explains the establishment at Swatow- of British and American Lovejoy, Marston, Martin of Ohio, Martla,ofone hundred and eleventhRepublicVfrglnia, McKean, McKntgU, most favored nation SOB, Mlllward, Aiontgomery. Moore of Keatncky,priseshereafter the carriage or transporta-the Americans in of the possessionon London In freighte an important rise had taken place.2s. Id.most, one- half the fare ordinaryplyof wool andtaUow,and pricesdeclining.Syd-thegers or merchandise which o»y pass over the saidthe concession thus that it made,tack, from which he seems to have recovered, aadtransite;it being understood that if the of granteesgivecertain coast of headland which the 49th paraUelmentprivileges already granted, or which hereafter maybe granted, upon railroads or other means of convey-ince over asld transits, refuse to receive for one-halfMr. took bis net la tte Stailwostb, Democratthe price of the;conveyancestores, and munlUons of the United States, the lattergovernment will net impart t* them thespoken of In articles second and fifth, nor any other protection.AXTICL* VII.The Mexican Republic hereby cedes to the UaltedHavingprovldae lot »tm The judgaMat of Oa Centfinal, unless thelatest higkarJVeiM to the. breach between tbe EesDeror aad tha Pope.Fresh, dried, aad sngared fmits. TRKATT OF PEACE AND COMMERCE BE- Type, spaces, plates for pitntiBg orwas (7f.lowest point toqehed. The panic isTWEEN THE UNITED MEXICAN aSFCBLIC.sanoLx I.As aa aaplUeation of the eighth article of the treatyof the Mth of December, 18S3, the Mexican Republiccedea to the United States and its clUzens aaderty, in perpetaity, the right of way, by the Isthtnus of Tehoantepec, from one ocsan to the other, by any kind of road now existing, or that may hereafter ex- ist, both Republics and their citizens epjoylng it.Asnou n.Both Republics agree to protect all routes now ex-isting, or that shall hereafter exist, over the said Isth- mns, and to guarantee the neutrality of the same.eagnylariGeographical and nautical mapa sad topogr^falcal plans.arriTcd keia at Ilk o'cloek tUsqaetatleB thai tkeMe., whldt was a shade ment ClainuAXTIOLSni.I Will be attended with etnal eppoaitloo, more Slmnttaneous with the first bvna fide use of anyOithe27thof January the Sardinian Mlaister for AmbassadorsabroadonthequesJonofCentralItaly.panledbyanymessage. Aspicylittle drtwteaof Kaaaaaa* a Senator DouoLil has been again daageroosly HL», aat loTdre an inoaeaae oatlay of eapltal. I diflealtiee and expeotet will be much (reater, be- I I ihall hare to eneoaster the malignity and enmi-ty ef oeaatlen thouasdi who are engaged in the liqnorIndo, and '«X"t fortaaea by the manotactare of Infa-eveningThe BiMgeriaa raaahad Queenstown early aa themonlng of tbe 1st last.The ship Eadinnisa, of the Dramatie line of New-York packets, waa destroyed by fire in the Mersey onCavoca olMervcs, that the inhabitante of Centralhad accepted the Congress witn confidence, but im-portant evenU foUowedThe pamphlet Le Pope tt le Congree, sf whioh,without seeking lu authority, no one can contest the importance, the letter of NAr«i.xoii to the Pope, tbe SLcecb of the Queen of England and tbe speech ofop onto bring in a bUl for the admlsslia State.""aent laltationa of Brandy made from pe iaonaos eom- mus, and which may not be Intended for the con-Grain of all kinds, and from which bread is eiade. the 31tt ult. She was lying lu the stream,readyto PALaxa^Toa In the House of are Gommoas, factsNo less than five him to-day.physicians were in attcadaaee apoalawala, fkeir n*e beiag alike deatmetiTe to heiJtby hu-laaa life, and of eoonc ipeedy taUIi to the feeble InTalidi ea-dMMinwbooebehalfeminentphysieianehaveurged propertywhen a fire broke out from some un- saddenlyroute across the said Isthmus fortransit, the Republic of Mexico shall establish two ports of deposit—the one on the east, the other on the west of the Isthmat. No duty shall be levied by the GoTenunent of Mexico upon foreign effects and mer- chandise which may pass bonafide by the said Isth-sumption of the Mexican Republic. No incumbrance or tolls shall be imposed upon foieign persons andFlour.Wool.Lard. Tallow. Leather, Every specieswhich show the impossibility of the restoratioa of thepurposesof aotnalofthe29tkult.ibe not for distribution onof Mexico that agreesbe- forces security proleciion persons prop- erty passing over any of the rootes aforesaid, it wUlRepublicitmade noimportant new discoverits, or added aoyanytime toemploy military of andMr. GLxnsToaa also, in nioving for the reappoint- ment of the Committee on the Mall Packet and Tele-material facts not known before the *r^ investigatioacommenced. lUproceedingsexcitenopvUiaiatanat whatever.Capt SAWTXa, of the Navy, died here to-dqr, after war an- a short illness. He entered the service in \Sl%.The following were the yeas and nays in theHosae to-day on sustaining the amendments of tbe SenateaboUshing the franking privilegeYxAs.—Messrs. Anderson of Missouri, AshatoreiAvery, BarksCale, Barrett, Bonham, Boyce, Briggi,paid bypassen-condiUoB of the inlaad frontier of Mexico aad the United Slates, occasions may arise when the forces of the two Republics may find it necessary to act inreasonably suggests a Utile compentatloD, and we beUeve the American Government wUl be asked to us the waole of ato- day he is attending to business in tbe State Depart-Hinaloa, and from the Rancho de Nogales, or any cord occurTehuantepec,troops, arms, militaryreached aheight on Sunday night, the 29th ulL The Church wascrammed with a noisy mob, who not oaly prevented the services from being performed, but endeavored toprotectionrequired by the Interests or BULnutscturlngUqaor* from Tile oompounds, druak- natural, indostrial, or manufactured product of either ington within the exact period of six months from the peace and respect for religion.which, being the •nsess was almost unknown, beeausopore liqurs do not of the two Republics, may be admitted for sale andeminent of the manufKc- ihe intention of iht Mexican to admit KepubUc thewhen there wa* no object to be gained by adulterating«r«t« a thirst in for drink. oonsumpUundate of its signature, or sooner If possible, or at theseat of the Coastltutloaai Government if any altera-tion* or amendments be proposed by the President merce between England and France. aad Senate of the United Stetes, and accepted by thePresldeat of tke Republic of Mexico.tbattered remains of the boiler, with coals and wreck. wereNo time was lost In conveying the dead and wound- ited on shore, the former being eight in number. On population, he would act stlekle about forms. J < was arriving on shore the wounded were taken at once to not necessary, yet the foet skooM be ascertained byeither of the two countries, un'ler "rj^'^OLPHO WOLFE, of Ko. 12 Bearer-st., whose conditicns of a perfect rociproclty, whether they be enieoam Schnapps hare made his name faoUliar In considered ficf of daty, oral a rate of duty to be Tj^"""' of America, declares it to be his intention fixed by ihe C. ngrei-s of the United States ; It beingcommemorate the signature of the Treaty of Com-correctly ascertalaed that she had nqoisite*"" "' ""« »««'Orders were received at Toulon to prepare theplated frigate Gloire for sea with Ihe utmost dispatch- the Captain of the Port's, where a temporary hospi- the Federal censtia. Congreu had voted no mc:a^ toSlif .SSrifl»2?iH:^»,""" '^"'" choicest Cognac Braaiy, articles in question at the Icwett rate of duty, andShe carriesMcNiTiCEKT LiBiBALiTT. We lesm from the enormous dimensloiu. Her deetlnaUon was un- prompt in rendering assistance, natives and foreign- herseU,and the State had to take th*,—UUca Herald that B. 8. Waloott, of New- Doiiy Esq.,Vnrk Mills, has subscribed tiS.OOO, and Ms brother, \V. D. Waicott, Esq, *i,000, to Hamilton College,thirty-sixrifiedgunsand a steelprow ofroom. The medical body of the citywere rnostcensus,to^. eoDm«nltyfsrlagalshthaTe been reUevedtoo laU to do good, and w. .h»i,dap wha. "daaBchnapv*," *haU haye drlrentntj imitaUoB Braod»—ont of the market.ol the Evidences of Christianity, of which the Presidenthostile to to France made a demoostra-iTOked to the making Mr. Doomrti, ofof.Wscocrin, <«'?">;physical and mental s»l-for the endowment of the Walcott Professorshipparty from allW.l*.;;C.jnacir^^yM^^.^^ er.ry rile poliat therequest of theresWente ofrendering at tbe time Is The number on beardeven free. If the'"' ^"""^ Congress of tl.o United States con-reUefbrtg-of-war Bainhridge, waa the first on the spot, and Drs. PinxTSo, Hinxiio, Fais. L«»u«, Lxssojt. Dr.SSfSLSl^^.i^'^/^!^;IS, r*"^ ""• "^Sht have been saredother RepuUlc shall betheGovernnfcntsof both Repuhilctmay fix upon, atbery, wUcb stetes that on the 29th the^^how muchmade at the points whichAmerica. Had he done tents thereto. Their ;ntroducUon from one to theknown. ers vlelng with each other in their zeal for thellr.BATAi»,ofDeUware,?(Deni..)^'.'^^!Ho^rer It IsneVernotr,^'L, J^Z for the transits, ana inSavoy Nearly 2S0 personsSmxan, of the T«c«ori,and manyother* wereapeedl-»«X« ttVCoTMiM«to admlsston of Kansasthe limits or boundaries thereof rerpetiilty, byandof the Is the Incumbent. Rev. Dr. Gosaraaa, College ofCommlftloEer of the College, has raited »«0,000a fund of ttw last twelve proposed $lM,eoo, duringbeen subscrib-tlon.Savoy,and asked information from the Governor as to whether it was the Intentioa of the King of SardiniaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069were also naoetmany civilians enaa*fnt^cting report a bill for the immediateeither across theestlaatad at^^tion,from the Golf efored chiefly Is Oneida Coauty,UO, tke Bab msolasCaistituBon.California,tothe laterlca Itontierof whom 63 were regiment returning to their" -ce.ledassembledparte of Chambery,ly in attendancet e'lc In ever y assistance la their power.a>»d tke resolution bygrantei this Conven- Uthm^ s of Tehuantepec or;prop-Mr. Clat bounties.hM^ Commerce, praying pnriiiM Arbetweea Mexico aad tha Halted SUIes. If any slml- lai pilTilegee akenld be granted by Mexico to ether aaUoas at the termialof the aforesaid traastla apoato cede tke Pnrrinee to France, Tbe Ocrveraor re- Idled tkat tbe King woald not wiiUagly eede the Province. Tbe statomeat was reeeived with some cries of • Tne le RM ! " The popalattoo of ChaaberyFROM WASHINGTOJI. Uie Senatemonuments,telegramsaysthatthethe livers on the froatiar.Broom* aad aaterjal for their enaalieaiie. Bridle bite.Judges lnstead.of three.Marble, wronghtandunwraught.tke steamshipArogo.Queens-ITAEY.Catocs'b contemplated visit to Paris andMachines and for impleneni*lawn atCountYork Chamber ofprocuring eonSnercial statistiea.diqilayed inthts memorial was the ment in the Senate Chamber.agiienlture, hmliit, mining, for the development of the arts and soiences,5:40 westerly windsLondon is temporarily postponed. A rumor that Sar-dinia requires Corsica from France In exchange forSavoy and Nice, is pronounced destitote of founda- tion.The sabieetand their fixtures, either looee or fer their repair. Dyewood.,\the thronghoot paaiage.paa^a^Fish, tar, turpentine and ashes. Plants, trees and shrubbery. Slates for roofing purposes. Commonsalt.Riding-saddles.FiOm-Iear heats.Plaster of Paris, (gypaum.)Vegetables.Undressed sheepskins.,The President eommonicated toexcepting ena.)that ealled toon sheeting, (moiUarr^it-Tbe latest from tbe seat of pled persons, who are Incessantly engaged in the nefa- whatever, the Government of the United States which two millions shall be paid immediately upon ment. The Committee was reappointed after a de- nounces that ttbneteUigeoceand the same shall be paid rata, as far as the said sum of two millions willGartiell. Hardeman. Hatlon.HIU, Henderson,Hooa-pro per- mit, in pursuance of a law to be enacted by the Con-tory of either repnblla vention has been agreed upon;.principles of equitygress of the United States lor the adjudication there- restrictions affecting the shipping Interest. He en-portant.ihe CoesUtutlonal Government, if any alterations or present position of the San Juan dlf&citlty. It saysalreadyGilmer, Gooch, Grow, Giuley, Hale, HasUa,amendments be proposed by the President and Senate of the United States, and accepted by the Presldeat of the Republic of Mexico.We have reason to think that the proposals made toTreatr.higher.The Germantown, the Powhatan and the Hartford,Moorbead, MorreU,and the legitioiate and acknowledged Government officials of the Churrh were treated with personal ty, the right of way or transit across the territory of thereof may be unable, from any cauae, to enforce violence, and considerable property was destroyed.Mr. Bxows, of Mississippi, (Dem.) offered a reaola-States in perpetuity, and to their <:itizena and proper-on Dec. G.Geo. Lopsz, of Paraguay, whose vessel, the Ta'mari, tion that the Conunittce inquire whether the provis-marauder, Pinxoi Rosas, retired from the Azul on the Mr. SxwjlXS said it was too early to brtag ap IfciaUdrteenmonths. ThisamounthasNationalGnardaofundertbeWyandotteUntitled Documentne Tkeinall manefaeturiig towns agaiast tbe measaie. OaABUSE STILL UVB.ofatparliamentaryelections. Oneofitsregardedas almost,t^..r* ...EUROPEAN NEWS.BobcnianatPortland. werecompletettraageratothedcateiastratioBwhich TheConantatiomofinPapal Orgu France Snppretudi.A^jBsiment or Uie San Jaaa DUBcnlty.the theetherilgaadKaDUaarf««l«gfeelvt last, aad Qoeenatowa oa «ka 9d,steamahipSt^umian,Tkethe same time, aad the Arago was to leave Sooth- aaptoB on the saaw day.steamship JEaa^anMsailed for New-York atodtarn-briberyUnited States, by and with the advice and consent of visions is, that parties convicted may be imprisoned his ciiief adviser in the Cawnpore massacre survived Corwin,'Cox. Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Dawe*,Dekao,for six months with hard labor.In the House of Lords the proceedings were unim-him only a few days.Tonnage was being taken up rapidly In CalcutteDimmick,. Duell, Dunn. Edgerton, Edwarda, Sly, Famsworth, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Fooke, Fraaa,"th* AmerlcanE are such as may fairly both satisfycovjilries. Instead of out for the Rosarlo standingChannel, and the whole group ef Islands, as againstclaimingAt bhanghai teas were firm, and at Foo-Chow Niblsck, Nixon, Noell. Pendleton, PelUt, Potter,CONVENTIONAL ARTICLES BETWEEN THE the Haro Channel and none of them, a third channel American men-of-war, were all at Hong Kong.is proposed lor the boundary line, which will not only UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE evade the two disputed courses, but will leaveREPUBLIC OF MEXICO TO ENFORCE TREATY STIPULATIONS, MAINTAIN OR. DER,Ac.of Jan. 10, report the muketslargest chan- nel in Ite coune cute off the island ofshare of the disputed territory. Thisa measurestoput stopto thedisgracefulproceedings.Mr. ot saidbewaold Pcea, Ohio, (Dem.,)vaiepro-:and theconcert and cooperation to enforce treaty stipula- now cuts In two. We do sincerely hope this reasona- AABITAL or OKK. LOPIZ OOSlt House this momlBg for the first time this seselOB.tions and to maintain Older aad in the securityble proposal will be accepted."The riotous at the Church proceeding* of St——Bona INDIAN HOSIIUTUCa THI AOCIOUTTTO THX OIK. OUTKAH.Our fJes of papers from Buenos Ayres extend toDec. 10.Gen. CcsHaxn, the new Minister Plenipotentiary of the United Stetes near to the Argentine Confedera- tion in place of Mr. Yajtcev, arrived at Buenos Ayres,in East George, London,most disgracefuldemolish the and alter,In the of pastimeindulgedthrowing about cushions, prayer-t>ooks, &c, TbepublicareendangeredwithinthoVrrltoryoftheother, fromNew-York,bytheAmericanclipper*hip/'«rona,The matter had riaimed attention in both Houses of Parliament, and the Government had promisedions of the Eoglifh bill are C9mplled with.the Republic ot Mexico, from the Cities of Camargo such stipulations or to provide for such safety and se- and Matamoras, or any suitable point aa the Rio curity, it shall be obligatory on that Government to Grande, in the State of Tamaullpaa, vii Mon- seek the aid if the other in maintaining thefr due terey, to tha port of Uazatlan, at the en- execution, as well as order and security in the terri- trance of the Gulf of California, In the State of tory of that Repabllo, where such violation and dis-Republic of Mexico and the United States, nation within wboee territory such Inter- troversy of the journal, by which religious opinion with about two hundrea men, mostly Christians, tain the Information he desires by making a separatethat city.The Paris Bourse was greatly deneesed, anda Ml U to bethe Senate a eopy The Ar*tio left Liverpool at 7}i o'clock on the Foreign Affairs forwarded a circular to the Sardinian the WysBdotteConstitutton of Kansas, bat,which cause iteadjournment.tail,knownditloa to the crew, nnmbertng thirty, there were Government of Central Italy being satisfied on their bogns dispatches in the New-York HermU, as ealea-about 4 o'clock in theancient rule In Central It is certain that tbe Italy. Conf^resswiUnotbeassembledfortbepresent TneLettos from oar Minister at Vtenaa coiapWa ofIn ad-vessel vras scuttled, bat the receding tide left her well eat of water, and in spite of every exertion tbe dames raged for maay hours, and the vessel was al-onthem were saved, together with their luggage. Theblegoods and general aerchandise—some portions efcargo, consisting ef machinery, silks, satins, cratethe of provinceswasstate. The loss is aatimated at i;30,000. The shipbecome a common duty."was tstured, but it i* »bt Ituown whether the cargo is covered.GREAT BRITAIN.Savoy France. He would state in a day or two, whetherBiLASQiXKi had tendered definitelyIn the Rouse of Lord Joroi Commons,onthesidered of to primary importancewould introduce his financialinto foil explanations of the Commercial treaty with France.-flag at Chloggla, Por-that theservice and mail subsidies wonld be in future trans-place,and defend it to the utmost. SPAIN.graph eontracts, statedchargeof thepacketbate. In which its past proceedings were denounced by some members, while others regarded the Com- mittee as a vehicle for bushing up Inquiry.fortifications of the Spanish encamp- ment before Tetuan were progressing.On tbe 31st Lord Johh Rrsaxu. sUted that, as far ashis speech offered congratulations on the friendly po-statement,and enterpresent Only announcing these facts, Cavoursaysincreasehisctericsl foteaBaron Rkabou, in presentbig flags to the National"Wegreatdeal remains to be Sone. The annexation ofGuards of Florence, talddence and large forces to oreserve independence. Awould be in proclaimedas well asIrequire great pru-Itelv to Piedmont is necessary to guaianteeltaiim natioiraUty, the defence of whichTheferenee this week on the subject of the M«^t>-».The death of Nasa Sabib wascertain. He is said to have died of fever, and thatup a circu-luiymotion to instmct the TerritorialTreaty. At least five of thefr number wUl besary to its ratification in addition to the Daooentie vole. ApartfromtheeflSecisorproprietyofthetrea-TheNeapolitanGeneral,AirxxLU,haddemanded ty,thequestionastothelegalpoweroftheCoacttta-thediction in the late statements of the Ministerial crisis.neeea-Naples explainapparent contra-hie resignation, but leave for six weeks only was granted to him.made to hoist the tn coloredtesco and Palestrlana. Numerous Individuals had measure.been arrested at Venice for Insulting persons prome- nading while railitery mueic was being performed. The auUiorities of Venice had been made acquiloted wlih the determination of Austria to retain thatSo far the Senate's Committee baa Harper's FerryPORTUGAL.The Cortex was opened on the 2oth. The King in:vessels hadConsuls—tbe latter under tbe new American Treaty, of Mavnard, Mill-for transports to China. been secured.ThirtyHM- mick, Hoard, Howard, Humphrey, Hutobias,clause;Illinois, Morse, Nelsoa,former under the oldthe SupplementaryBoml»y telegramsdull and money tighter. Exchanges'®2s. Sd. At Calcut;a Exchange was unaltered.Tbeaker.Trimble, VaUandlgham, Vance, Van Wicke, Wade,Walton, Waahbum of Wisconsin, Washborae ef Xh- llnols, Washburn of Maine, WeUs, Wilson, Wlailow, andWood.The report prevalent last night of the iOiteas of Mr. Cass was much exaggerated. It was a lU^ at-FP^NCE.Tbe Paris Uiu'vrrs It suppresied. Th* Monittur, in In the Boca, watched by the Grtppier. The Indian Committee in an untramiaeled ftxm.and in every such special case thesuitable point on the botmdary line between the expenses shall be paid by the treasury of the the reasons for tbe measure Is the irrlteting con- marching northwards, supposed destination Rosarlo, question. The Senator from Misaltslppl could ob-;publishing the decree of suppression, says that amongapproachof Gen. Floxxs, and is now to be reportednear the one htmdrei and eleventh degree vention may become necessary ; and If disorder shall wao disconcerted, the country aglteted, and the CAivcccEA's Indians having revolted and left trim. motion. He would always vote for reselatiaaB oA-and Heimoslllo, to the City of Guaymas, on thorities of the two Republics neareat to the place the Church and civil society are established, under- also reporu of another proximate Invasion to the rately.-the Gulf of CaUfomia, ia the State of Bonora, oyer where the disorder exists, shall act in concert and co- mined. south. Gen. Fioiis reporte having^ dispatched Mr. Mxsoa, of Virginia, (Dem.,) said a statute exist- any railroad or route of commaalcation, natura' operation for the arrest and punishment of the crimin- It is staled that the immediate offence w hich led to SjjiDis with a small force in pursuit of Psnao Rosas. ed that Kansas shouhl not be admitted as a State aatUOsgnao, wUeh he designs to bottle for sale ia theUnited States. As the proprietor of the funoas or artificial, which may now or hereafter exist orke<- als who have disturbed the public order and securi- the suppression of the Vnivert was ite pubUcatlon on The Cowtmercial Timee o( Dec. 3 gives the foUow- a certain population had beea aacenalned by a een': sus. KansascouldnotcomeinasaStateuntilAe manner and upon eqeal terms by both Republics, aad guilty of these offences may be arrested within either Archbishops and Bishops, in which he stetes the mo- On Wednesday moridng last about half an hour be- possessed the requlrite popiUalion. The rtsoloUon" Schiedam Schnapps," Mr. Woira is noted all oyer constructed, to be used and enjoyed in the saae ty of either Republic, and for this purpose th* parties the 29ih of an encycUcal letter of the Pope to the Ing account of the explosion of the General Outramthebutreserv- ing always for Itself the right of sovereignty which it reformerofagreatanddeadly ruwhasuponallthe transitsspokenofinthepresent Treaty. AU the stipulations aad regulations of every From tke New- York DUpatch. kind applicable to the right of way or transit across nera 1* no disguising the effects the ylle com- the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, that are or have beea paaada sold under the names of Brandy. Rum, Wine, agreed upon between tha two Republics, are hereby •te., now- so freely ased, hare upon the mental and extended and applied to the foregoing transits or rights of way, excepting the right of passing troops, military stores, ai d munitions of war, from tha Ri}Grande to the Gulf of California. iSTicut vin.tlons, and cnrae the day they were born. PhysicUns The two Republic* likewise, agree that, from thewe belieye that this, his last enter- prise, pro bono publica, will entitle him to still greatercountrywar steamer Generalwas leaving the Inner roads en route for San Nicolas,KBOwn, as the practical •taie.committed thenatureand charac'.er ofsuch inter- Other ;journalshadacceptbeen forbidden topubUshthedecksandbeamsofthethe shattering vessel, throw- tain population toexistpriorto her«dmlM wasl«ai be;fore noou.as the nationalher larboard t>o)ler exploded with fearful violence, has been compUed with. If the law rrqutrlngpbysUaleondltinisofihe race. Mot only are tUecvn-giaaa. This Convention shall be ratified by the Preeldent The Univers having been suppressed, violent arti- nature of the accident was at once evident Now was the proper Urn* to make the laqoiry. Ha of the United States, by and with the advice aad con- cles in reply to Its provocation are henceforth wlth- and boate from shore and from the neight>or- wanteditformaUon, andif it shotdd prove that tt» tent of the Senate of the United Stetes, and by the without motive and without excuse. The whol* log merchant vessels and men-of-war hurried off to act of Congress has been set at nought, he woidd featusers Injured, bat their offliprlag feel tbc physI<rfogIeaI transmlnlon of their progenitors' iuijl>;re-aaure us that defirsun tremm* was a rare dl^eaw fiftyor serenty flye yaars ago aad statistie* prove that ;rresidcnt of Mexico, In virtue of his extraordinary Press will understand that these grave questions must r>nder snlstance. Many sufferers were picked up eoBstralned to vote against ttie admiasiaa of Kaasaa.effects, bytheir respective citlxens, the MexicanRepublictives for his refusal toRepublic within which tlie rrlme may have been peror to give up the Romagna. ^list of merchandise hereIhe of the Congressand actual executive functions, and the respectivebe discussed with that and moderation quietnesssuuggling in the water but it Is beUeved that many Mr. PccH was entirely opposed to the ayatem of la-annexed, frited States ataall select thoseratifications shall be exchanged at the City of Wash-moreweredrowned. Onarrivingonl>oardthescenethepubUc wai frightful in the extreme: the after part of thedeck stractingRepublic and delivered over u^ the authorities of thatthe advice of the Em-vention, as well as the expense thereof, and the man- letter.ner of arresting and subjecting to punishment the The Corrupondmt, a religious periodical, had re-said criminals, shall be determined and regulated by ceived a second warning.ol fifi; yards and sending about forty human see no 1*an agreement between the executive branches of the two Governments.aancu n.CUBHUAN-a^ZN.was fired into and detained by tbe Grappler, has goneoverland to Paraguay thus avoiding any further un-pleasant rencontres with BriUsh cniiaert, but therocaori being iU-adapted for land traveling, remains against aU instructions. He waatad it to ge to tbaing the remaining txiiler clean out of her a distance wrong, let it be repealed, but while it a lawttThe Jfonirnir, of the 31st, says the Government squares from her anchorage, nearly in front of the whether the law was compU*<'. with.had often deplored the Irrlteting character of the con Monjas Church, when suddenly an immense volume Mr.BsowK said, the Constttu-lon of Kansas waaof smoke and flame was seen to rise from her, violatior cf the laws of Cna troversy on reUglout ouettlons. accompanied by a muffled reverberaUon. The framed in criminalcommittees, antl taUag froa tiwai aU Os- vmder which the boUers had been situated was com- creUon. If the act of Congraaa has been.rl<dsted, he A medal was about to be struck at the Paris mint to pletely destroyed, and the cavity was filled with the would vote against the ad»Bi«T|iTn of Kansas ; but ifwhich areofthe accession ofcert^lnqafry.tal bad been formed the in the guard-by employes take thecensus"i-JThe Paris journals publish a dispatch from Cham- of the sufferers. Dr. WiuarAit, of tne United States Hon waa Bot la the form of an instruction, but mereljTHE FEASKINGwo PRINTER YETknown to be, but few of thoughbill repealing theMr. SiwAks presented the memorial of flw New-BepublicanSenators intend a having c<hi-view of the two-tUrdsMr. BcRxirrhas given noUce of his intention to intro- duce a blU to effect the object &s an Indepeadeatvote of the House agaiast it.Cobb, JohnClopton, Cochrane,pi, Degamette, Edmuudson.Etberldge.Ferrv.Garaett,ton, Jackson. Jenkins, Jonrs. Lamar, Kellingcr.Morris ofReynolds, Robinson of Rhode Island, Rot>insoBof fi- linoit, Royce, Schwartz, Sedgwick, fiberman. Smith of North Carolina, Spaulding, Spinner, StiStevens,Stout.Stratton,Tompkins, Train,Mr.SswAxsaskedfortheyea*andnay*;Outram only looked to obtaining Information w; riher the law a eer-into eternity. • beings should be respected. He could proprieOr At the time of the disaster she was about five entertaining the ConsUiuUon untU it wss aecertainad www.fultonhistory.com 