 ^say aad not till then, b« tn the position In which other maintsfai such proportions,They held down as well aa they could tbe boiling Bowah tend to show that the scheme is being ennsoll- datcd under the special aujolr^s of tbe Preach Gov- Hasus, while ens U the persons made a tertU, and erameiit. A new consul, in tne person of M. GiLseav. ntlxing in with: the crowd, demanded to whom tbe bas lately reached Ma»sowah. ac^-redited to Dbjai Maooobi, the I rweal rsUr ol TIgrc, and furiuatisd with~" laws shall be made for ascertaining by properfroofs tbe eitizena who shall be entitled to theright rf stlilrage." The experience gained at the recent State election has shown that as a whole itbrought to Pails by her relatives, sod placed under ths charge of the Sisters of Charity.A singular incident connected with tbe crime ofMme. LiseiKi shows bowhighDiy.Iwriting leoaiblyof orderunderthepretextthatthebone4Ugl#CTliv>.during oBcm wboae nanrtl oraotpeiMion (ttani sot have haen made one. aaifa, aiiMtldB«Ullw«afal4o«titeaawkkhaffiimtkatSlBTei;ailtlingklmtorelxeJack. JoanHawxsopposesthefromespeeially seepUcalage the belongsto—whof ToBsviss,evUeutiyf No. To'd«ili«M8 lad rat tlutaBiMl-legialatloD ahoold not taa «i •b4 iBcorponte4 tU»p(fiMipl* ial»tketo mike rnch an arrangemes t of Its capabilities Felne was charged to unravel this Imbroglio. Of Gondar; buttDryearspastasdajpta the preaant aao- Bient It has heea virtually ruled by Ita own chiefs, tolK able to revive there the brilliant traditions ef Jess Hawib and hit pretensions there Is no longer any «hohavemalBUlaedaalncessaBt warfare with theibassy ofoae of his most prlncsly predeesasors, qaestlon. But Tiblto!) has ^appeared and sued Supreme Govemmeat Matedal aid lathe toape ofadberedto.£ngllstipart,riiilll liniiHiiii haa atraasUMMd mj coavictioiwnever claiasd that we had therectly or indirectly, with Slavery aa it exiated in the other Btatea ct the Union.' We were satisfiedmention the name of the celebrated wine and its owner, te convince every oae that tbe diplomatic ca-Last evening a moderately-atteflded meeting waa he'd Is Grosvenor-etrcet Indepeadeat Chspelf'to aid In the setablisbmeat of schools and dl^ieis for fugi- tive slaves in Canadaartera ecc^pj a considerable voition of "mr—aiiB|M*4a(aIb.«ldek«ightTeadU7beooiBprahend- upon onr statota4>oak tlMt warrgarded Slavery aaa and rocial treated it fovemmental evil, ^ndaccordingly. Hew-York sllll maintains the same; Rev.P.Taeanoapresided. the costomery devotional eierelscs. Rev. Mr. TaoT, a colored minister, who has latnred for some V ears amongst the faftlive population «f Canada- agyMkig>a proTided o; onljYou no M. andhave, doubt, before this, made your corn- torney, Dbvikssb, the pleadings of M. Goua- brethren In thatmeetingdistrMMB also In the Slates.Mr.as afox apecial chartan the acafllar proVi^ona whkh are doablleaa necessarymeatsonthelistof mudsa RuT,attorneyofandofM. tbe at- TsoTis a andTW gsnai»l t«w prOTidlng for the change of aaaee U found. In practice, uoi to apply to inliaots. II dH^ldlie changed io thai respect.ago byfers at least primmfaeU evidence of the rank la whichtorneyasked for should take place."invesigatlon MALaKOFF.taii andIhp Excise law, in -part tbrengh its own de-promptfects; and in part through the action of thosewhose duty it eho^ild be to enibrce it, has not pro- arrived at Boston on dared tbe good results that were expected or ofw bich it is cspable. Tbe time within which meetingsft r the granting of licenses may t>e held should belimited, so ibat they may not be prolonged throughcooimltted atBalei at the Stock 3. ExckaBce-JA>.gl.OO* Ta. St. 6s.ex int. 90 lO.COO do... ex. Int. SOit S.COOHa. S.Ss.ex.d.sSB 80!iI,(i00 do SO 3,000 Cblc.City 7 fl ct.B.S'ge L'n. ex dlv. 977»^ If.B. 40ttie year, as is now the case in some lo<^iiiies ;Halifax,knowledgethe medi-and seme restriclions should be imposed as to the rumber of licenses granted. It is not improbable that other amendments are neededi bat I deemthese two importanC.£.R. 3d M. B.'SSLegislatureten the (abject.One of the officers who made his name foreverof1869,bythe passage ofcon-Case of Mnie. I<eBelne—Da Iiamanlne aad hia Credltere—PHace Richard MetterDlcb —Kew Anttathede Ageatj dtc&c.Thecurrent resolutions, initiated an important amend- cent aif tbe Constitution designed to improve the efficiency and stability of the Court of Appeals.si).,has shown that tbe frequent changes h> the judges of that Court tend to prevent the dis-laws. Ithas,therefore,happene«lthatwhen-, 160 ever this Court has toun>l the confessions of copiinals Piais, Thursday, Dec. 15, 18M. wounds. Cul. Mirax, at the head nf his regli&ent. re- thus vitiated, it has followed its u:iU3l practice,ExperienceFrom Our Own Oorrsspondsnt.Ibis time at the of hospitalexistingof business with tbe rapidity and certaintypatchthat isture also initiated another amendment of the Con-stitution abolishing the property qualification formen of color. Both of these proposed amend- humanity ; but lately France seems to be incurring scteDts must be'adopted by yon before ihey can besubmitted to the people, and by their sanction be-- **•imperatively Remanded.Th« last Legisla-Every country has its family dramas, and must take its share of blame in the turpitudes ofThouch the accused te of bad report, very poor, and friendly with each other, yet not only aj*Bteir spon- taneous confessions not corroborative of' tbe forced ones, but thev are directly opposed W them. The forced crinfessloiis, therefore, lessen thf valueof other* locicatiims, both because they have been retracted, and becanse of tbe suggectiODB and violence used to izlorttlieui. * • • One pilsonerafter anotherof the fundamental law.Towards the close of-tbe last session of the Leg-more than her share. The Lemoine case, just de- cided at Tours, is only one of several lately tried in the Courts of France, which would have been bet-bC0.127H opg.l27ii opg.l27Stcome^partislature I felt it to be my duty to return, with my ter concealed from the140 GOThe American ladies resident In Paris are about to reiracttd hlB confession as Foon as he was taken lOOClev.APitts.B... 6?4'•To facilitate tbe construction of the Albany and Sus^nehaimah Railroad," whichpublic eye. of allpro- anvIljectioDa, a billof In aid of the American fancy objectsBind, and under stmitar circumstances would leadbum—ing history of the doings of some New-York gentle- men at Paris, who came out here this Summer with fast horses for the European market :"•Iter came together from New-York to England, thatsiAKi, Fx2iiuiA«D0 Uabi, Loxxsto LivikAJii, Judgos.Beeeptlen ef Frlaee Hetterateh. From Gaiignani^s UttMeager, Dec. 16.totfas=aameaction. Thismeasurehasbeen sented to tin people, accompanied by my objec-itbe proaer, therefore, to say at this time, |hBt if the]nme<uate lepieeentatiTee of the people, chosen asA kBraefor ttree. "—RoB»T HiiLAK and Jack Roj-rlasslcal ground of horses. HASLiif Is the master. to the Tuilsrles, to present hia credentials to the Em-pressed.ity snd purity of legislation, unttiUuenti-i ;.t ihe 'prosecutingeven amid the diffi- culties maeparshly connected with the introduc- tion of a new law of this character, and notwith- aianding the attempta in some quarters to embar-—ait issentiment of religious piety withhas anawered its fullytbe absence of Haxlas a certain Tibltov, pretending to have hon- estly boaght Jack, Introduced a Referee ant obtainedpurpose,poetry with crimean act of cruel tiarbsilty. The magistrate chargedhorse hasagato disappeared'.Duringlaia its action. The of great objectfrom tbe ballot-box all Illegal votes has been aub-— andarose pikeedflattering proofs, la toe hope Judge by that your Majesty will grant tnli prayer, and coa- commences again fer Haslajt his races through tmue to ».how me the same klailasss and tbe Baiae_ J-,Hca« do IheooadeusadoB of Jonr Baarwa. The bi- tentjon of the illDstilous exile of Goeiaaey appears tobebetterfltanUslogic andUistatementofUctM, and hesinp,—eW««t talervenet. Beast and people having rsSniaredthe preailses, Haiua presents himself ioJobk Hawm.1aisyalsoaBcatioathatpermitstonaxtioctieo, UmNGewaf:4lto R^aiwltMAC*offratamldiaeordandsec-Comsaisssryla no erfl «t •U. bbt a poaitire good— eqmowfiea ta acqolie, Itold eoiraiMDdtd, dUniaed, perpetuated—andTiaaisti, toea T No. Te who, tkea f Tto Joaa ceive fer the eaaeessicae gran ted 'is avowedly the eoaii- .^awa(»*hatolf. He pretends to havlag bongkt tk« unaaceaadaBroottof thc4mneflalGeveraa»Bt. Tbat .hmMfll famands only the time to laform the buyer 'set alsBC is oiBmooa o< luitbcr iateriereaee, aad the ^WrryvnAihaf where dees he live, this buyer r "At connqneaee 1* likely to psove asoat dlaastroos to tbeHa It their pleuare. To ieaity.iantiie the eottrerakn of onr pn „tiM of 18|p. :Ii4i)MD!Mid IMA Hivpaiky _tothe JIni<to-.<- flw%falloonnig-protraetod conttot fornfeffow Slid pffoacilptlfetoiMk apecialof objects attain rk loag ainee wlMy•lal Temioriea into new alaTe marts, tai^mumof additional and islmda gfc ^Mtlon j)rovuicea8eW da I/Ouvre," responds the Imperturbableliteresrs ofat the same those give 10 Fraaee the sopreme aseen-tof theCivil Tilbnaal of theto Ue Eaearor, who raaUes athibits theof two hundred thou- individual who shall havechapelRue de Berry. It will be held In the rooms of a house not wanting.- Every argumentbill made ansand doUsin from the treasury. The Legislature against the Governmentan impure source is worthless.The extracts then touch on individual cases, alwaysappropnstionbelonging to the Marquis of Huttoid, where tbe ex-was Induced to grant that ai<l, it is presumed, inconeioeratioo of tbe fact that the section of theStale through wiiich that road is to/un is isolated,and has not directly piitlieipated in the liberal ex-penditures for impruvenients, by means uf which induce her coachman to become the father of a ether portions of the Btate have been so largelywell-educatedbenefited. ThereasonswhichledmetowithholdBOY approval from the bill were conclusive to my ceal the disgrace,of abut the year ago, and where the plctsrss of M. Couit are now torments." One extract reads: '* In regard to Ca- ;on exhibition. H. Cocat has kindly consented to al- VAKI, there is nothing against him except his pover- low bis pictures to remain In place during tbe Fair. ty and bod condiiiuu, bis confession meriting no at- The list of lady patronesses embraces about thirty of tention, brcsuse it was extorted by torture by the the leading names of tbe town. police force (/on« gmdarmi) as Is proved in tke actsin order to con- the child, and then and all this, with the superadded refine- ment of detail which the French law procedure ticna, and may return for reconsideration. It may admits, is regarded as fit reading-matter for theatantially attained, so that every elector may beaure that he can exert his due inltuence in the choice of rulers. Some few amendments to thelaw are however needed. The registers already yreparcd should be the basis of those usedat fntoM elections, but tlie Iward tbethere as aupon grave.the streets of Paris on the hunt of bis horse,soimding with his American regard ths alleys, streetsconfidence, 1 have the honor to deli rer oiy ciiBdealiaJsinto handa," your M^.jesty's:registeringpoet's debts,pre-the entire Legislatnre haa been since my objectionswere made public, deem the aid of the State due law-courts have a right to say what shall and whatto a sequastered section, and think proper to pass, shall not be published, and we are therefore per- bjr s constitutional vote, a bill for that object, pro- mitted to believe that the scandalous trials ofviding therein, by tax or otherwise, the money to which we havepay whatever appropriation is made, rshall yield ofmy owh opinions to the will of the people thus ex- ^proper reading-matter.come under the 'Tbe Legislature of 1869 gave effect to that pro-Tltion of the Constitution which requires that dently acted without discernment. She has beenvalue he se*.s on your personal inendBblp. Nothing would be more agreeable to my august Bove- Thereupon the Imprudsnt Hailih leaves for Lon- reiin than to see, and more and more, consolidated don ; he collects in haste the evidence to establish and completed the relations uf grxid trnderstandinr his claim and prove the abduction ef Jack; he re. and intimacy which so deeply concern tbe general interests of Europe. Happy and proud 1 sbill beif ellorf can coiitrlbute to the maintenance of the most perfect intelligence between the two Govera- ment» : and I venture to entreat ynur H^ssty to ron- tinue to me thathigh favor of wblch you have alreadythat by Ita quiet, effectual and inexpensive opera-tion the system will commend itselfto all. Everyegi rt thould be made td" encourage, and, perhaps,csmpel the legal Voters to exercise the right of aad then will commence for M. liAMASTtifS a reai vo«ng, which Is at once a privilege and a duty. An struggle In which he will have the sympathy of every-Aaaa, Tuesday, Nov. 27. Not long ago I reported aome suspicious move-effectual means of contributing to tliis desirable body—in which there will be no two parties on theead would be to make ths day of all general eloc-subject of Us misfortunes. He wUl then commence to payadebtofmorethanamilUonfrancs,andatan advaaeed age of life, with the sole labor of his pen.ttena aWlthojrwlshing to give undue importance to toe snbjaet, *»hich. for so many years haa agiutedtoe eouatry, I nevertheless am constrained to1^1holiday.tk«t it eoBtimie* totost I do not feel st liberty to disregard it In my Bbsa commenes to aslt for aid and sympathy, aad M. aaanal meiaigs. It la not to b< denied that there >a IxUusmiB, who Is still the idol of a large portion a an apparent dcterminatkin oa theone haiid to I •f ths rssdlsf publls, aad whoee magaUoeat talcatBagnlficent Uetter bdoaged wblch was thus beingIrriTil^ofthe Canads'i lailt.,to leam hjs dlsttoetion la acttUs time that even a man ofper-Horn the Psite fa>bulU aSamaa CatbolkfLjMfifmi fiidoalwith aof Police, and an orderbas haenSMalnedand increase thepowor«riBa•toeHawis, The Hotel du Louvre covers Bxviiia and nottke Abylstolan Emperor Taioaoaos, andp( siiion. 8he emphstically disavowa allthy or cooperation with those misguided men who,Laooatd,grocefalTiMfifiareofeereralrailroaacompanieatopay herafeterStates. plomaeysaappointmenttoWaahingtonis regardsd Ik^ ,iManat npon their mortgage oebts, and theto prevsot toe szecotlon of thesaiiMinthemortgages,andthegreatdeprecia- withtheirnotionsofjusticeandequalrigbta, is entitled,anditisoBlyInthisUghtthatIajk^IteuUoadal^ interposedginiaintended to subvert theexisting Government Esrspeaa diplomats.But this has nottalns to do with foundbytbepresent rulers,ire ttailBlaTerytolwfMMcted and en- abaokModieateAtlaattetOmtorntoyofatarnotteredbrTioiea Mead,llgktsrtbaathewhtds." Bot anewla-by NseoMi, sad that a Preneh•berily expected in the Red Sea, to takapoeM^i<»rightfaith, and demands th;it a judicial investigation,'Itel^anrit Arroar. Hereafter theand Ror HaslabBailam,on hiscited Tixltob and money aad arms has fooml its tato already waythat ^^per-toi«»flfcTfamoaa Hotel Montaiorency, In the Bne St. loe, St. Geraiatn. There is a vast aoort to incaly residescevand the young Amiiassador In-over tke whole The of eoaatry. provinceegtofIChamberthe paita aa the coast Is comptiaing ariaetpattheUwl «Mkrfkii<«t Vlilma timea to eooima^cate waa an evU, and jtrompt and conaiderate provision liberalliy ef Iheir secial and oBctal eatsrtalnmeats. debt ; tbat In any case, he, TiaiTOs, Is protected by to the iaat LegUatnre mv views of theCooatlta- was made for its extinction. So far aa ourexam- To possess as aeoll(a(ae, however, the owner of the the articles 2,279 and 2,280 of tbe Code SaptUon. MaMl pn'*^B on the aabject of special ans of in- ple was worthy of imhation, the other members of famous vineyard of Tobaa^sberg Is ao small trlum^ Hasxab, OS may readily be Imagined, denied this corfotation ikr pbrpoeea other tnaD minicipa]. the ConfederaoV had the advantage of it ; bnt we las Uie dlplsmalie corps of Paris, and I have only to mode ef payment, accu^-ing Bxvms and TlsLnm of.3|^AZtendliigpolibertyand;to interfere, di-bad»hall be ordered to establl.^h the fraudulent conspir- acy, oricanlxed with the view of depriving him of aeehau%»n«at >elB in*a efraws. Tbey aie fQW with with the solemn and earnest declaration recorded strewn with more rases than thorns. Gratefbl horse without his equal.fd Aegeaeial actawrfirahle to all esses, leaT>The Tribunal, after tbe conclusion of tbe Stale At-'Wert, addressed tbe nn the state of hissympa- weekspeaker, and, tkongh net possessiag a sMa of the-'hidseerpaecset. eyTe,h"e bears uamlstakeatile indications ofno matter under vshat provocation, havethe past, or who may seek la the falnre, nnlaw- the post at Watblagtea Is placed by the French Gov- fnlly to interfere with the inatitutiona of any of ernaient. It is very well known that In European dl-soughtintiwaidiMawhidiantherebyoccaakmed,show notcertainIba^JNW Ikw* mw imperlecu The State of C«n- arm the slaves of that region and aid their eecape United Ststcs, accordlag to the argument to be drawn authority In Bologna. Faenza is not a large town.lieart isto ant the tmatcea' in poeseasion of the road and snd certain to be resisted at all hazards. Blood- all iUappaitraaDeee wtthont delay. Bach a law shed thus incited, rests, in the eye of human law,Holland was an appointment desired by the Cooat SjjiTioiB, but I am told that be did nut desire to re-that he preferred, above allgriev.'d. would expose this fallacy. The anmberof fiiaitlve in this prlKiTl^one 1 found ftl persons. Very few of slaves Ib Canada at the timecarrWa out. the abvioQa contract of the parties, andon the hesds of those whose violation of laws pro-are at the of^the Sacra msny difposi'.ionpartsince the enactment of the Fnglbve-Slavepastdo nottheyrisking libertyand oppressedobvioua truth, that social order can only exist through a general recognition of the sanctitythings else, tbe appoinlBentof Senator, with the ilege of settling down pemaseDtly at Paris.suspicion.race was such as to enlist the activesymptthiesto iMVent theAcademyAuxii >x TetNtcivnu.by the death of M. checked by MiiBlnit at people in a moss it is not ;I recomtaiend a simiiiu year has furnished melancholy eri-We may admit thst theirturn te the United States, snd I am told furtherI hope the stateneat will not oflend th<^, la^e Ministerarid havelaw, at the rate of between 1,100 and 1,200 annually.Having made many statements to show thtt themoral aad Intellectual condition of this unfortunateia rerfectiy just to all. aaaelaeot n>T this State.Tbedencatbat'OVT railway companiesBiaiatain their road-beds in a condition to insurethe safe traiuportatioa of passengers over them. AalhM&y shonld^be conferred npon some officera( • wheel on any roed of law, and that tranquility and security must whichianot in a safe condition. I recommend vsnish from that community wherein every oneand Burreyor be required, shsll feel at liberty to redreaa whatever he deemstBinin|Aiaong tbe candidates men- such mcaa^that tliey can be led to tbe love of the a'lgustten different stations, with apopalatioaof IS,DOO es-JudgeafSimuj order, elodng the road till it is put in fi8|iiR eoMkkin.deU^eand twenty-eightsovereigntyhaving no dis-cataleptic surgicalopera- Uois, by beMlug near their nose some bright objectand tbe said circles have excellent means of ob- yetSupremealwaysand life in behalf of the—but we must never forget Uiesome foris an open wound that bleeds, and It ia a first cauBe olfltsl'ihe StstewhsfiAtin complaint ia made to him or he has grievous, by raising his aim against the anthoritles lease* ta Miere it necessary, to examine the snd the laws.Father Uooaaaiaa aad the Count sovereign. deeds,sanguioary by orderslavescaped seeking;assistance to a commodious completepecuniary cluipel andEngineerlead iii and bridgea of any railroad, and if in his Another question, however, is presented when efjaten jh^y are. not safe, then to apply to any it is proposed to establish or to permit the estab-i>f the Court and obtain from them lishment of Slavery in tbe Territories. theBeing common propeity of the whole people, so long as they remain Territories, New-Tork will claim the Ifapaean from the report of the Secretary of right to psrticipate in their government. In noquirements. Horeovsr tbe last mentioned gentleman Is antagonistic to the ofiicial people of to-day.nected with ^he first ihrse, and either they ot the first three arc Innocent. The outcry is all but universal. It would be necessary in this ca<e to adopt firm andaddressed the meetinr, and a collection waa made in furtherance of Mr. TaoT's project.1858 relief was granted by tWpeibMc jytwo hundred snd sixty thousand eeehaadtedsmd fifty-five cases, equal to seren and liinH-UBtlu per cent of the entire population, at an ezpenae of one millitm four hundred and ioe^-one thousand three hundred and ninety-one cents. Of those relieved j*i cent, were natives of this country,foitj-«peaed fiity-nine per cent, were foreigners. Whiles m the States; prepared at all times to aid thosethe n*enty years from 1831 to 1851 tlie population ef tlM State increased only niiiy-une par cent., pao-iocreased in tbe same period seven hundredarid ^4x per cent. In 1831 there was one person manner, will not surrender the right to participsteothei wife 1 kuuw not how to dry the tears of a hun-dred families who mourn the imprisonment of father, just bustiond, or bou, and ihese hundred families languishState that daring thecan she do so the except throughyearof and there- fore it is 'hst the electors of New York recognize the authority of Congress to legislate for the Ter- ritories, and to prohibit the establishment of Slavery therein. Yielding cheerful obedience tochargedwiththe duty of bring-ofAaania.The Paris correspondent of the Timet, has re-their views ia-atelietM to every one hundred and twenty-three in the reformation of this or any other evil in thepointingso to reason, and may beoperaled upon with Impu- servant Lcioi Mxsavioua, Governor.—Faenxa, July etis. The reason assigned for the projectedperishtlegal, peaceftil and constitutionalveneraUun. yourmost reverendExcellency's Jium^lein 1641 one to every thirty-nine ; innity. The discovery waa ssade l>y Dr. Bsais, of Scot- le, 18i3."Then follows a decree of Cardinal Aictossli.i, with hiB sitnaime. purporting that, in addition to the usual punlshuient for such crimes, persons guilty of pickingabdicatioQ is that the Emperor sees with dismayInhaMtalite1861^netoeverytwenty-four,andin 185Sonetoadministration of the Ifational EdwihD.aad was much talked atmut Inthai Austria is going to rack and ruin, and Bhrinks;land,1830,Eng-seventeen. Thoagh many persons doubt- kaa taeeived relief in more than one place andtberefine appear repeatedly in the returns, and though Hiany of the persona reUered wete not paapeis, in the ordinary sense of the word, it is alill dear that the evil is a great snd increasing one, which urgently demands a remedy. Those most conversant with the subject are of the opinion that, although the existing laws are cor-Albant,Jan.I860.last of the On the other hand, an Hapstnirgs.'' beingevery3,:that they propoeed to liberate and to the curious list ofappelntmentaeegcBthaa «Dact«d a law reqtiiriiw the c»orta, on to a foreign conntry, is beyond dispute. And tliat from that list, must rank as a power of about tbethe plUtibn of any bondholder or secured creditor, purpose, it need hsrdly be observed, wss unlawful, tenth or twelttk magnltode. 1 do not know whether extrsorllifiaryvi^it to oneprison. Myvoked or caused it.aims were onseltish and even philanthropichonestly believed and felt that they weregroaned herewayher chosen representatives in Congressthe doctrines of Stateiaing before that l>ody new dtscovsrles, has;pofition to interfere with the local institutions ofstate and rendering them laaeosibls tesnd causing them to leek eteadlly at it, with tbe eyes persons be intends to employ to overcome this last abdicating the crown in favor of his son, aStates in the preservation of theirthe people of New-Tork, while alwaysthee^il, and i-onciucesJMimuchfortbepresent. Iam,withesteemand;agencyfrequently latelysovereign power, enforcingInaconvergentsquint. Inafewminutesthspatients become rigid and insessible to pain, but sot entirely;child born on the 2lBt of August, 1858, and ap-Government. Uomoxs.aboutland and America at the time, but aooa went into dis-use, because it was regartled as only a phenemenoa pockets in churches, or other public places, shall re- obstinate and wrong-headed yonug man; ke will not— that— to the United Statesinstituted againtt them, perhaps also vvtthuut cause of Some have jufsotrwrongedpriv-months,years,Jiy luKires. Thisof the of Ibispeople eouatry, Mr. Taoi remarked thatTHE NEWS FROM EUROPE. of charlatans. Perhaps also ths Anglo-Saxon race was lets susceptible to the iafluence tmui Is the GallicdlcialmJbr tieh leglslatioD as shall secure their more cer- INTERESTIKG DETAILS AKD EXTRACTS. decline and fall of ths famous Black Doctor. You will on the 12th, I3ih and 16tb of June, ISMI; fifty-five in-gometailoring of therect bi principle, there isimperaiive necessityCourt of First Instance, at Bologna, on cause" beardarmy."enforcement.recollect the noise that was made over this liidlvidnal a dividuals Here accused of burglaries: "biHmci.—Numberless crimes have of late yearsyear ago, aad the Immanie sums of money he gained thrown a gloom over this cltv and proiloce. They for a short seaioa for his reputed power of curing have been continual, especially in tbe plain—thefts,MONETARY AFFAIRS.Tbe mails by the ateamship Canada, whichwere received in this To complete the telegraphic synopsis forwardedcancer. To-day this gentleman Is InCity yesterday.has liten constantly increuslng, and they have t>e-mation. A moveable column of com- gendarmes,manded by Lieut SraiOBi. was ordered to soour tbefromof interest.wegive correspondence and extractscaused a death a want of byto their marriageand theI copyDroit, onethe leading law pa- Uere follow the of the Judges. Ttiey signaiurespublication• * '"; ift otherof the Press are tried with cloeed doorshibition of theof Aav Scusprsa tookaonIn favor ot the crimlnni, accountof the worthless-daughterwealthy family mayThethe Press, is an admission of thePrince DlMlTTMJiiCH, the new Austrian Am-public.prohibition in regard to the crimes o*^that theMonday,his ele- gant furniture, his armoried carriages and bis pure- blood English horses are passing under the hammerrapine, highway robticry, burglary,AFFAIRS IN FKANCB;evil,child by her, in order that her mother consent;mother, may stranglejust spokenclass your especial.•vn riamr.Ie of the most refinedcourt of tbe Tuileries, where a battalion band,formedalineoneitherside. Wnenthecar-impertnnities of'those who re»jit «•tiatD^^opurBeans to affiset it. I deem it nnneceaiajTw'to-pest the views expressed in my firat amoal Xes-aage upon this subject, but It is my intention to do y8anJiaidlab0rta'4h« i:'eiUU-miary ..: >l.^ nr-evirytning in my power to put an end to the abuses quittal of ttedawghtWTyia a }ad(mont wiuch, iiwhich exist. Officers whose dulies are at a dis- not generally approved, is ceitainiy >efi&>>toaia.tance from Albany should not leave their posts justice. The punishment is two removes below jOye* CMtotoMatr'I^aua aemaoui, ot :- e nno'c rit> and make it a business to procure<or prevent legis-ls>lon. If in tlie discharge ef their official dutiesIhey perceive defects in the laws, they may right- fully point them out to the proper Committees, but to do more is misconduct, and will b.^ regarded as •ufBcient ground of removal from office.of the Third Voltigeursof the Guard, with their color aadcc ""Utoaoodeuiiiaiiu:. >( '.'person of J»ck Roiriter, and carried ths latter off. llixua. In despair, rushed to tbe bottom of Scotland, all over England, and at last alighted upon Paris, -wb^rt: be found lbs fugitives had stopped.deluil ^r•-»,—that demanded the indictment that is to say,^^jidwith tbe nigger of lavnit beldadhiB. Hiauii fol- lows them, out of breath, to the (table occupied by the horses of the abductor; Immediately there was a complaint made to the Commissary of PoUce, a seizure, Ac.bythe guillotine. The daughter wss acquitted on ac.giaJBiallf apprarabatotahiaerto:Affairs91 HtTTUsica delivered the following addresscount of her extreme youth, and the loose manner In which her rell ;loub sduestion was conducted. Her favorite readiDg was the Conffsnoru nf Marion De- lorme, or those of Jxah jAoqcss Rocsssiu. 8he evi-with the exsmlnatlsn of the house of Mme.LsaoiHS, found In tbe ashes of the chimney, mingled with the excluding remains ef the burnt child, some flowers—a jasminto me such from tbe an ordonnance default. Then deigned giveM. Bs Laiustiwz and his debts are again spread be- fore lbs public for tbe commlsscratlon of one class and the ridicule of another. The national subscrip-The Emperor repliedtion produced but a few hundred thousand francs, andand pronensdes. This tins It Is not Jack Rattittr he ""IrntcriHln the firm hope the* the r*latloaB soencounters, but Bsviss aad his associate, Ciarsima. happily reeNtablisbed between tbe Emper.-ir nf Aiis-Hasus follows them In secret, decided not to quit tria kt d m>seif can only tiecome more fr|«ully l>ythe streets and on tbe house-tope, for help from a world which bad more needy charities to relieve than his—the fireside of bis fathers is to tie at last sold,The Preach la the Re4 Bea. Corrfspoixdence ^ Uu London Timts.unsupported hya foot of real estate. He will then,The law proceedings againstpublished anythinghold a Fair on the Boulevard des Italiens, for the sale out of prison, and exclaimed against the sug-In suggestioiis. and torments, of which proofs were the drawn from suchI cite toandin ths thirdwords,all crimespicturesplacenese of confession extorted by " t>eating and otherprincipleattention the indictment of theNo efforts should be omitted to •i\»'mta'.Ti the dig- ney, published at length in the French journals, as But It happened that oae day, In the absence ef tackit. The cortege entered by the Place deattor-ofpiece disgustingat-TvunTitit to -twentythe Ambassador tbe drums appearedto possible miagistiunt—maledletton'.—theh^unction Is removed, theaa are counted mil- them, were they to lead blai even to the sources of his the careful ezAmlnation of the intrrests -if the two you know, by coaa'.rlee. Since 1 have seen tbe Emperor, I. 00 my should meet prior to ench election, and after lions. At first, it was said that his creditors hsd own Mississippi. Hsppily they atop In the Champs part, set a great value on hiB personal frienilaaip. Ahearing taatlraoDy, add the names of legal voters agreed to wait till he could gain the sum wltb his pen £lys<eii, Avenue Montaigne, ia the nelgtitwrhood o sinrere understanding 'between u". will. I have Qo BOt already on them, and erase those not right- for his Income on his writings Is Immense, but bow the residence of another Amertcaa, Joas Hatss, a doubt, te facilitated by the choice be bas anade of a folly there. A list diowins only those added and ws learn authoritatively that the magnificent estate hor»e-dealer. There is no loager any doubt; Jack representatne whose lonclliatory charnoler ta wallthese stricken off shoald then be prepared andaeblishsd. Distinct authority should be given to of the poet st Macon is oSeted for sale by his cred- HosiiitT Is there.inspectors of election to administer oaths, and it itors for tbe fixed sum of one mlllton of francs. So Hasu!! springs into a carriage and arrives bock laknown, and who has so many claims on my eoufi- dence and esteem."After the presentation of the members of the Em*ahcnld be made a miademeaiior to receive the vote that, after all, tbe fireside of the millionaire a few minutes with aa act of seizure and a lawysr. bsssy, the Amt>as8adoraivd his suite were coaductedat any person who is not registered, and who his poet—that for which he has so long contended, for Bot comlpled .with the law. When these, and, which be has sacrificed his personal dignity l>efore perhaps, a few other changes are made, I feel sure the country and the world. In crying day and nlght,lnUUs.To* ntortiifeaakowB te theai. " To fkst geatleaaa with the gray evereeet," was the reply. Aad thai was Bsvias!Ingrosfleae to pwtaat al toe _ ««»dortoe ji.riMHeil«B ef that aUai: aail i. ^.iB this If'butexrculios of tkeoagtatby dlqieaiedChnrchmlhacriUcaJ,A struggle Is lonn to takeplacewas found the Biost slaves arrived in their flight from by the Southern States. His cirenlt taelu'led eight orheard,even oa tbe other side of the^reMyto fortifyeril, are plainly incompatible with itjand concord, which it Is the intf>e «ai«4f Ite tngk -f.Uifciixeaadiscoveredataf^ryearlyperiodthatSlavery llautfntuae,aseiloasrivalInthesumptuoasnessaad otBivisB, hadgivenJacktu^atiurInpaymentofthe toulteriorproceedings.•nl lawa M•I tk|JBQMlla..«f -Sttparvlao^ tke.caoTaniance af independence, and slie cherishes it for its presenttfcJKftgww^Sbejvomotedandthetimeoftbe benefitsanditsgaaranteeaforthefuture. Hercit- rolleagoe,thetaherttorefabrUliantnameandabrU- T111.TOSmaintainstbatHaxuit,beingtbedebtor centrewhencet«givebetterdtreotlan>lsn Ambassadors will And in theiryoungAustrianBxvias.Tlgid through the Chnreb Party, aad the arMecled French fettleoieal at Adoolls will be a aaavaalentreer of tbestomachs are sure toaaake grateful hearts.young Prince at Paris Is likely to bediplomatic appolntmeutitbe Preach and which of- Government,Haslas,of TiiiToit, ordered that theyoung iaaa|nbeatFugitive Slave Law of ISSO was sernly denounced, and many illustrations were given of tbe cruelty and inbamantty of its AmongstthedocumentsleftbytheGovernment operations. Praetlealiy,amanofcolorcouldaot That the offenders in the recent invasion of Vir- as a sort of exile ; It Is, in Cset, called the Siberia of of the Pope la the public offices of Bologna, and now enjoy liberty la Bay of the Statee of tbe Uaioo ; are the and, at the paaslag of the act, many who had beea following, which living in tke free States (or many years, and bad cenlraeCt by the tranaJer of tbe road to the traateos aad establish in its atead another more consonant the rank to which the Government at Waahlngloa ia were publlfbed In the Afonttore of Bologna. The first amasted a comfsriable competence, were obliged tofor the chair laft vacantat any rate, three out of four casss on which the experiment Is now being tried In the hos- pitals of Paris succeed, and It has become qdlte therace of te-day;rags of the moment In the medical world.Jfrepoa ef medicine, I ought to say a word osi thein Bologna are laymen.The following are extracts from a sentence of the—tbe of laughterand thehasju»treturnedtoFrance,havinglieendetainedalldosons, with enormous ahuse and open violation of^the 100 K. Y. Cen. R.163» .b60 75)v..prison;iu)Oji5 4^ ^5t»^~!^*!^— andCnnsnlta, very many been placed here as a precaution- ary measure, without any prosecution having tieenpotsesMons,tioned ere Rev.B'HAcsssaviu.1, sen-ln-law ef the Duke na Backus, of the putilic profecutor. and these three alone have;more audacious fiem impunity, while trials of the Sheriff, for debt. He Is charged with having have remained unfinished from want of correct infor-ofThese gentlemea of the Presscured of histook from the Austrians two flags bis regiment had and cons'di red ttiem as not existing..... 76i, .SlO & .1130 75C75 .... UJiMilan,lost. In the act he was istruck by a of discbarge grape-shot, and remained as dead on the field. Ue received In his body In all five balls, and a piece of a bomb ; the latter was only extracted with great dUScuIty. I'he people of bis village turned out In mass and gave him a warm welcome home.togetmay of _at 2Jack la the horseter, without genealogy. J*ck Ronittr Is of a good went for the Ambassador aad Us suite. In the first race, and knows his ancestors. Tbe noble aalmal were M. Fsciuir dxCoscbss, introducer of Ambas-was at London In the New-Market, opposite a and Count ne Lcsolv, Couacllor of Embassy; lodged sadors,betel where lived another sportsman, Jiaxs Bxvnrs, a In the second, the AmbosKsdor, with M. Liooo,master of the ceremoniesHisLis, Bivnis bribed the grooms attached to the Carrousel and the triumphal arch into the;but he Is no vulgar bisast, tbe lat-peror/ Three Court carriages, with six horses each,compatriot, a rival, and thus far a trlesd of Haolui.;the first and second secretaries aad twoli. r. ..iir.Tced an odyssey full of vIclulluJesriage cunia:ningbeat a salute, and the band played the Austrian na- tional air. Uii Excellency alighted at tbe Pavllloo de I'florloge, and ascended to tne Salle du TrOne by tbe i^rnnd -.taircafe, on each side of which a line oi ( <'iii Our'l^ii was placed. Tljc Emperor was sur-rounilrU the futictloiiarteB of the r^ro^v^i aud tjy grmiJthe officers of the boiuebold, the Minister of Imperialnear hiB Prince Majesty.:"Siax: The Emrcor, my master, in deigning to name me hla ambassador to your Irapenol Majesty, has particularly charged me to coavijaee you of thehtsdaailltoto,watch.Jackof suffer Ujicfi. \% Hi. -I trv ctber than his guideWMia aa tliait te eeitotaly Jacif himself,From the/acrr, converted Into sn obserratorr, stoppeda little to one side and with curtains down, they seru-ilnlMd the ground. A cry Is uttered ; Hasuk hasjust perceived the superb Rotntir, spreading before acrowd ef admiring amateurs, in the middle of theAvenue Montal^e, bis grace and vigor of a pnreblood. W^ho drivas him ? Tixltos, without doubL nenta on the coast of Aby^^stala in coaoectioa with a No, it Is Bsvist '. aad CAsrsaTaa oocompanies Bsv- polltico-religlous association of Europeans, who are iss. making strenuous efforts to gain an asceadaacy iaIt wss hBpertoat to know bow pracissly to estimate that country. It was intimated on that occasion thattbegrotudonwklchthereferee,Tnuoe,stood,who FrencholEcialsInEgyptandelsewherewerecogni-said be had bought the herse te good faltb,—so that sant of the deslga, and were geasrally supposed to bethe lnhabltaats ef had to use dlssim'jlotlon. secretly fosteriagit. Advices justreoeived from Mas- MatjlacnUntitled Documentto dtseMurage toe sh^eaT^hiflMaie, mefeov» tk^ appreaches. Haxlaji is gotag to regain bis " aeble A *«1f>WMSo«f Adeol,or Adoolta, taftoSTiSSS^FySEnrprlae aleag the whels Itee'.Bat tke dnswassat0»«e ia CkristiaaTii«o». The Fifth<^s*ey Tigie, nominallyEzeessra ef the Paatllleal GaverameBt.a letter from aIve UPreferred to. Ths the town and district of Faenza to the eooieslastical ada. The Meads of freedom, wei^ freoDently metIfinewly-appointedlayGovernoref (everytUagtheypossessed,andescapetoCaa-I aa " H^t Reverend EieelleDcy,— vesterday paidwith the tauiit that la the slave States the slaves were perfectly contented, aad had no desire to throw off a yoke Khlch was no harden; bate reference t* bets-some countia the French the discuntfnt and aversion to ths authorities, and of »U6 of tbe Great Western Railway, at which point itthe Bgaiiist tbe Government. Crime cannot l>e angercver> hour,inevery placethe number of criminals;come'cines he was tutng.nhogave themselves an indigestion at a celebrateddinner given and paid for by the Black Doctor at tbeHotel du Louvre, a year ago, have all at once forgot- been what tliey ought. If, In its execution, lawful lOOOOBan.feBtJ.K.B. iSliBoIogneFe plains,Mof procedure." . .fromthepers of Paris, and word fer word, the following amus- are FianntAiiDo S?«a»si, President ; Visoatiso Ros-bassador, proceeded yesterday,o'clock,instats,ForeignBtanding1,000to discover the autbon, of so mucb l.COO olcb.Sii.and tbem in the hands of justice. The 1,000 M. So. S. F. Bs. 67 place S.OCOlll.Ccn.R.Bds M mea;u e Vasgnod in itseir, but its results bare not l.MOC.tTol.SF.B'Is.Sland right means had been adopted, we should nqt ISBud.Kiver Know bare to dt-piore the many violent and fer- lOOHiiriem R 9which confession of crime was 200 M,e. k hMa.G.S.sGO JSHocious acts by 100 glorious at the battle of Solferino, the Baron Muas, suggcfled to, and extorted Irom numbers of per-bsck to the hotel of the Austrian Emt)assy, with the same ceremonial that had marked their coming.IvS2|!of-iSto o< rdcd with the proteet thas oi^ to be toatH^aMTUpper preseat wuiiJOOO, them are under trial. Maiiy depend on the Austrians, and they had been reaching that of tlie BritishOn account of tue recent three individuals have t>een arrestedand he was now forOn tbe motion of .Rev, Dr. M'Ksaaow, seconrled by Rev. The chair vacated by the lamented deceased is known have reasons for what 1 ^ay. By order of Honaignore A. Taoanss, a resolution expressing sympathy withas a political and literary chair, and in this Ught the Dtdegate, twelve more persons were arreBted as a the object, and confidence in Mr. Toot, was carried neither of the candidates mentioned fill both tbe re- mea&uxe ol precaution, but these last were uncon- by acclamation. Mr. Gsoaea "TaoBrsoii afterwardsand author of the Ike Houtt Hiwtory •/Jjorrauu.,qfbeen exaniuird, but ^Ithoot getUng at the truth. IeDr.-Vxiri to, member of the Academy of Sciences, vigorous but just measures. But dictate td me, for Caateaiplated AbdIeaitleB af the Emperaradded another te the list. Bot ttiis dine he vrms only In misery btcuute those who were their support are ceived the following interesting letter from Peath Istreduclng what was old sa4 discarded in England taken away. By another post I shall send a list of " Dicxasix 7—A of hasand America, however new It might lie in Prance. Itthem.Fu<ally, looking to the Chancery, I found a deplora-piece newssoexaaordinarywas the method of Into a put4l% peopleble void. Above 430 caUBes have been depending for four and five t earB."reached the high political circles of this city that itIs not without hesftation 1 venture to commtinicate it,ef BSgnetIrm, and nagnetlsm was then In the handsceive from IS to 3U blows nith a stick.The next document copslsts of extracts from a iu-seotenie of tbe Court of First Instsnce in Bo- iosna, pruvUig that flogelng and other Torments were Inflicted on persons arresled on suspicion, to compel them to make confesBions, at the will and pleasure of the police. Tbe Judges of the Court of First Instanceconsent to make the serious coocessiunB to tbe differ-ent parlB of his empire, and espeeially* to Hungary, by which alone the dangers now impending over Aus- tria could, perhaps, for a time be averted. There is yet another reason, and that Is, freed from the cares of government, his Majesty could devote himself with ardor to the two pursuilB which form the pas- sion of his life and the object of his highest ombitlouTbe letier then proceeds to statetaiiilngtbeearliestandbestinformation. "Thenews means and ia that the Emperor of Austria' contemplatessubjeclAid fer FagltWe Slarea In Caaada. rr»m tka Limdm Ti»tt, Dfc. 18.Afierbad been sutioned four years at Wiulsor, tbe terml-schoolroom which had already been commencedashis the Archduke brottier,-RegentMaxihiliak, formerly Governor ef^ Lomt^ordo-Venfrom tbe risk of figuring personally in history as the16 .blO 5S .bl6 76100 Harli-m R. rref.bM 3*200 Panama R 60 do....aadefficieAey: Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 