 aad sales moderate. Wheat w u held above the NEW YORK HERALD. viewsof purchasers, which tended to check sales. Corn vac without alteration in prices, while sales were limited.Tlae Colncldeaeea a f a Day—Things to be I aDd sections, should succeed in their desperate heart of Salt Lake City itself. This will be the friends and enemies alike. Such atories as thatS5 rs^/£sfSsK5S^KfE2'WW-Z?tiMJti.' _•« f-ort-r <V Ik* _ w _ , V _ - , uSJmmmrar- a»TOnroa_e« Uttutionar JT^MCSTiMnmitoB___uUITMI_*»AJTCSSM-CTS tw-Moaaow irumro.ACADSMT o r NT/SIO, Fourteenth street-ItAUA* O n - BA-LCCIA P I _UWS*aO©B.Viae Italian (At leetlom Settled b y P - b l f e Opt—Bast.Jackson's victory at New Orleana—for some On the 22d of this month Washington will islands, where they are contemplating making swallow thehorrid tela without the slightestconventionorotherpoliticaldemonstration. becomethetheatreofacelebrationwhichhaaaasettlement,ortosomeothersquallyconge-hesitation,aadourpeoplearesetdownMt Now, when the public mind is excited upon double Interest and significance. In the first nial place, outside this Union, where they can set of hqrrid barbarians. If our cis-Atlantica great national Issue, it is remarkable that the enjoy their "peculiar institution" without cousins would ts_p the trouble to inform place it offers the people of that city an oppor-wun* ______kings to do just as they pleaae, but consult the oracles of public opinion, and thence derive the inspiration of their policy. Instead of resistingThe Republicandiana will meet in Indianapolis.of In-The efforts which are being made by the ry. Twenty years ago there was scarcely amon a March Upon 'Troubles am the RioOiton Monnment Sabecrlptloas, ate., dan."o c a SPECIAL WASHINOTOK DBP A TCH. WASBraoTOa, Feb 18, i860BOWIBT LAAA.THlA Tma.Bow«ry.-Ai*J>»j»-LADT _ _ _ _ _ _Of t nStateConventionWIlfTia OASDKN. Broadway, Opposite Bend street -• Coa7v*At Laasoa-JSMT _ a e - A a OBJBCT or Lrr_usi. the people's will till they are overthrown, theyThe Opposition State Convention of Ten-joint committee of the two houses to render thisinaugurationworthyalike of thememory of Washington and of the advancement whichcomplete regimental band to be found in the country. Theonlyone,infact,whichhadany pretensions to this designation—pretensions that would now-a-days b e scouted—was the "Brigadeband"ofBoston;aadthis obtainedrooa Town* MAS. _ _ _ _ _which wayitblows,and jleld themselvestomuchimportance,are exceedingly creditabletothe gentlemencomposing it Theyseemto suchareputation inconsequence that itused toannulthe contract recently made wttu Mather 4 Co.LACBA SEINE'S TUBAVES, Ut Broedway.-Jt-ra itsinfluence. Thus theyaresaved from revo- Da—IA. ______of New Jersey will meet in Trenton.The Republican State Convention of Cali- be penetrated with a due sense of the benefits fornia will meet in Sacramento, and the De- which the occasion may be made to confer on theto come on to New York t o give concerts, the for labor tn the public stores. Secretary Cobb tsshai metropolis n o t being able to raise a single that it works well, aad that one hundred thousand dol- lars is annually saved to the government. B e professes a desire, however, to redress any grievances under it.atw Bowaat THEATER Bowery^woucAaw-YoBTH lution. That even t h e autocrat o f Russia isTBAT «»TE* SAW A WOJIAM—SOSSBI MACAIBB. not insensible toitspower, Ms emancipation of mocratic State Convention of Iowa will meetartistic interests of the country. By giving to theinauguration of such works all the solemnityand importance possible, they elevate art in town in the Union which does not boast o ftheeyesofthepeople,theyextendthepa- bands ofmore orless completenessandtronage which its professors receive, and they excellence. Their performances conduce t o sire a change of candidates, but do not feel at liberty teBBOADWAT BOCDOia, #44 Broad way.-WAMPBBMO the serfs bears witness. They hear the littlein Des Moines.This is a singular and significant coinci-dence. The conflict going on betwean the revolutionary block republican doc- trines—as ennuciated by the orators, stumpband out of such resident musical talent a s it possessed. Nowthere is not a cityorBOTA—Wuraiao A BVAAA_D~BATTY MA*.BABJfCK'8 AMEBICAK MUSEUM, Broadway.—After- noonudEvening—OCTOBOOB.BETAKTB MINSTREL* Meeb—ies' Halt, 479 Broad- -BOBLSAQCIA, 6o*et, I>AHC_S, Ac—SCSABS AT PUA-LOB'S. uWIBI.O'B SALOON. Broadway—Oao. Craisrnr/s MiwSISALS IB SOAGA, DAACBS, BCA_*4tfA», AC.—TAB AWMMr.EINTH STREET, one door test ot Broadway.-8OIOBOB'S Tsaria.New York, Sunday, February 19,1860.BAILS FOE THE PifIRC.attwo•'stock,torAsptnwalLThe mails for California and other parts of theJPaclflowill eloss si one o'clock to morrow afternoon.The Niw T o n Wiser H_u_—-California edition—bird which Byron heard, sing "By and by the people will be stronger.''notCON_STroaTBIBOCSIriunno.No action has been taken by the republicans to day to bringforwardanewcandidateforPrinter. Thosewho advocated the nomination of Mr. Mitchell in caucus, de-New York Herald—California Kdltloa. The North AtlaotJc Steamship Company's steamshipso crippled hisaction that his ministers wereSouth Carolina—in Lowell, Massachusetts, and other places, these public concerts haveHouse Foat Office Department. John A. Myers, of Iowa, has been appointed Assistant Messenger in the same de- partmentmilitary strength of the fortresses b y which he wassurrounded,consulted public opinion,he would not have suppressed the meetings of the people, and even public dinners, and thus givencelebrationinhand,andappointedacommit- hand, against 60,000 boxes a t the same time last down all resistance, making a bonfire of bis tee, composed of democrats and republicansfound in the country for native genius, inwhatever department of art it developes itself.Our wealthy merchants and connoisseurs com-pete keenly witheachotherintheacquisitionof the best works of sculpture and paintingthat our artists can produce. No mansion is we have butfewnative composers as yet, but Orleans afew days ago, with dates from Vera Crux to deemedcompletewithoutsomespecimens itisequallytruethatwearerapidlycreating the10thinstMiramonhadleftthecityofMexicoonthea disturbed condition. Altogether, t h e accounts fromMexicoexhibitafrightfulpictureofanarchy. By wayofNewOrleana wehare newsAnother important event is appointed to come- off on Washington's birthday,andthat is the inauguration of Mills' statue of Washington, at the national capital. Congress has taken thehas become a passion, and it is cultivated to an a few years.extent which would prove almost a na- _mne is ireiico—KIRAMON'S MOVBWDTTCPOS VUU canfrom Havana to the 15th tnst Business was dolLThesugarmarketwassteady,with10,000boxeson animpetustothepopularwill,whichboreAdvices were received here this morning from Mexico, tional genius in this direction. I t is true that brought by the schooner Star, which arrived at Newyear. Freights were dull. The ship Union, from throne, and sending him a fugitive across theGingerbreadshoalsonthe2dinst Herpassengers Channel,flyingforhislife,inthedisguise andcrewandmoatofhercargoweresaved,the ofasailor'sjacket Theprovisionalgovern-utterinadamagedstate,andtakentoNaasan* mentwhichsucceededhimwenttotheother The ship Ashland, from Boston for New Orleans, extreme, and equally disregarded the voice was wrecked the 2d inst, on LittleIsaacs. Her of public opinion by listening to a pro- crew ware also saved. letarian m ob and establishing a systemBy the arrival of the ove rland mall we have ad of socialism a t variance with human n a - vicesfromBanFranciscotothe28thult,andlater tureandcommonsense.Thaigovernmentunited, to conduct i t The republican members ofCongresswilldoubtlessbepresentatthis augustceremonial—thefollowersofSeward'sfrom the chisel or pencil of our men of genius in both departments. A more gratifying cir-New York to New Orleans, was totally wrecked onaccountsfromOregonandBritishColombia.The fellbypublicopinion,whichplacedattheposterity,hispartingadmonitionsagainstsec-ture of the public money have good sense enough to appropriate a share of it t o their encouragement. W e have seentheStateLegislaturesvotingconsiderable sumsfortheexecutionofthestatuesofpublic men,andineveryavailablespaceinourlargeBan Francisco markets were inactive, but there was some speculation going on in coffee. The ship Black Hawk, from New York, arrived out on the 23th. The general news is unimportanthelm a man who understood its voice and knew how to ride upon the whirlwind and d i- rect the storm. It is true Louis Napoleon per-tional strife, it might have a salutary effect upon them, and a beneficial influence upon the action of Congress after the 22d of February.citiescreditart Within a period of four or five years there havebeeninauguratedatWashingtonanexjues-NEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1860.Had George III., ot the time o f the Revolu-tion o f the American Colonies, paid attentiontothevoiceofpublicopinion,eitheronthis lecturersofthepartyandHelper'sbook— fide the Atlantic or in England, his heir at thisimpress them with the necessity of qualifying the promotion o f a taste for military music,themselvesworthilyfortheresponsibilitiesof moreespeciallysincethepublichavebeentheir pursuits. Everything that could possibly enabled to benefit by them. During the lastbe done to invest the approaching ceremony summer, i n several o f o u r large citieswith attraction and interest has been resorted the practice h a s originated o f havingto by the committee. Invitations have been weekly performances b y these bands inextended far and wide to the most distinguish- the public gardens andpromenades. In the Fred. A. Soule, of Minnesota, and John L. Lake, orNewed people in the country. It was hoped that Central Park—on Boston Common—in t h e General Scott would have been able to take the Capitol grounds at Washington—in Charleston,command of the military on this occasion; butwe regret to say that indisposition will preventthe old hero from being present. The uni- afforded delight and amusement to thousandsformedmilitiaofourprincipalcitieswillbe .ofpeople. Letushopethatthecustomwilllargelyrepresented,theSeventhregimentof spread,andthatsoontherewillnotbeacityNew York having received, amongst other or town i n the Union that will n o t have i t s sand dollars. The lattter bill h based upon the branches of that organization, a special invi- weekly assemblages to enjoy these alfrescotation. There will also be a strong mustering musical treats.of the Masonic confraternity, escorted by com-manderies of Knight Templars, from Richmond,day would probably have retained those Colo- nies, as thedoes Canada and the other British Provinces. With his characteristic stubborness, which he mistook for flrmnees, he treated withand the conservative element of the country, has taken so deep a hold upon the attention of the people; has awakened so much alarm, misgivings and fears for the permanent existence of the Union in every quarter, thatmore in the mttter until the prictpal friends of Mr De- freisproposeanothercaucusandtaketheirspeciality down. I have liule doubt, if those gentlemen who per- sist in forcing Defrees npon the party insist upon their course, that some of the republicans will break the ranks on the next ballot aad vote for an entirely new man.scorn the wishes of the people, both here and the wily politicians find it necessary to fall there. Publie opinion overthrew his govern- back upon the name and prestige of the FathermentinAmerica;andinEnglandpublicopinion ofhisCountrytostaythetideofmistrustinA-vonmrcrrororncsasorrosHorse.York, have been appointed principal messengers ia thetheir respective party machinations which has Atlantic, Captain Pearson, and the mail steamship North compelled to strike at last, and to acknowledge overspread the whole public mind. The maes Star,Capt.Jones,willleavethisporttomorrowafternoon, theindependenceoftheThirteenColonies. ofthepeople,theyperceive,isdisgustedwithTfli nroiAif APPROPKunov Bats.Mr. Sherman, from the Committee on Ways aad Means, willreportonTuesdaytwoIndianAppropriationbills—the annua!bill,appropriatingtwomillionsofmoney,theother a deficiency bill, embracing five hundred aad thirty thou-Hadnotthesamefollyandstubbornness,en- theircourseandisawakenedtotheconvictioncouraged by Pitt, closed the ear of the Guelph to the voice of public opinion, he would havethat to their misdeeds we owe the present peril-ous condition of affairs, and they hope, by ooa—_—ATthe—teat inAeUigeae- from allpartsofthe beennopartytotheTreatyofVienna, which invoking thespiritofWashingtontotheiraid,ratification by the Senate of about eleven treaties, with as many different tribes of Indians in Ore- gon and Washington. These treaties have been made since 1855, aad were all ratified by the Senate at its special session in March, 1869. All of them contain stipulations which can be set aside at the discretion of the President, and they provide for the payment of about ten million of dollars, tn annual annuities of five hundred andworld, with s large quantity of local and miscellaneous public opinion has since torn to pieces, andto invite sympathy for their several parties. There is another coincidence connected withmatter, will b e pah-abed at eleven o'clock la the morn- lag.anglecopies,Inwrappers,readyformailing,sixcents. Agents will please send In their orders as early as pos- sible.now compels h i s successor t o unite with the nephew andheir ofitschief victim,in clearing away every fragment o f the atrocious compact of royal robbers.would have been saved from f the horrors of the revolution. Had CharlesX. hearkened to public opinion, the revolution ofthethreenationalPresidentialconventionstobe BaltimoreandNewYork. IntheprocessionIt isscarcelynecessarytoremindanyonewho recollects New York at the period to whichwe have referred back, of the performances o fn •• — -The stews.*Had Charles I . listened t o public opinion, hewouldhave savedhis bead; andJamesII., by accepting "the dictation of public opinion,"incomplete or miserable could have been heard,even in the barn representations o f strolling thirty thousand dollars, of which the Deficiency bill, toThe Arabia and Boruasia, from Liverpool andSouthampton, arrived yesterday, bringing oar Eu-ropean files, dated to the 4thinstant The main would have preserved his crown, and there cide. The Republican Convention meets at features of the news were telegraphed from S t would have been n o revolution i n England. Chicago on the birthday of Winfield Scott; and Johns, N. F., after the arrival of the Prince Albert, Had Louis XVI. o f France obeyed t h e still,andappeared in theHIBALD onthe16thinstant small voice of public opinion—the mur-We publish some very interesting details to-day,which have been extracted from the papers or for-warded by our various correspondents.Oar Washington despatch contains some addi. Lionel intelligence from Mexico. Miramon expect- edtoreachVeraCruz aboutthe1stofMarch;batbe reported on Tuesday, is the firstTBI co.waynojf o r m a sons o r MALTA.as he bad no artillery, and aa the city is well forti- July, which, trampling on the treaty of Vienna, fied, it was believed the campaign would be pro. made Louis Philippe "King of the French," ductiveofnoimportant advantage tothechurch could nothave taken place. Heforgottheand Brooklyn Philharmonic societies will b e ton National Monument during the coming year. Cttixensfound, for example, an orchestral organization In every part of the country can contribute through the more complete and efficient than those of Lon- postmasters of their respective towns. Several thousand donandPariscanboastof.Intherendering postmastershaveboxesforthepurposeplacedtntheiroffices, and have raised within the past four months more of classical music w e question i f anywhere than 82,000 There are nearly 28,000 postmasters who there can be found greater perfection o f en- have not been heard from, and it is to be hoped that they win co-operate with the others. If they will consent to do so, aad if the returns average oniy $1 60 per year, orparty. Accoonts from Chihuahua represent a de-plorable state of affl_rs i a that State. The entire"oreign population had been forced t o quit thecountry. The Americans had left a million dollarsworth o f property. A desperate battle betweenforcesofthechurchandliberalpartieshadbeenfought, in which the latter suffered a disastrousdefeat Along the Rio Grande aflairs continued in cades;" and had he, instead of relying on thenewing the influence he possessed in the flesh, to compete with the best of their foreign rivals,murs of the rising storm—he wouldhave escaped t h e guillotine, a n d France lecting one from their own ranks, is also a mat-meaning of his title when he played the part of a King of France in 1848. B y the revolution of1830thedoctrine ofpassive obediencere-ceived its death blow, and the sovereignty of the people was established. The people, in de- rision, now called him "the King of the Barri-would be nothing as an evidence of the fact but for the certainty that we derive from themsemble or finer instrumentation than they offer us.TheNationalGuardnewbandheldtheirgrand formedsomeactswhichatthetimeseemedto WhenWashingtontookcommandoftheRe-concert last nightattheAcademyofMusic,and, beinoppositiontopublic opinion. Buteven volutionaryarmy he found the countryin trianstatueofJackson,atRichmondand\Newnotwithstanding the nnpropitioos state of the these were based on the popular will, and by chaos and confusion; but when he threw up his York equestrian statues of Washington, atweather, the edifice was crowded from parquet the result he stood justified, and stands justified to amphitheatre. No less than 3,500 persons were to-day. His election as Emperor, by such aredoubts upon Dorchester heights, and thenon the la witha whichgive way on this poin^o the English govern-Utah; but owing to the prudence of General of refuge to which many of them had betakenfeat, and even compelled thea very difficultOar Washington Correspond*nee. WAsauaorosf, Feb 17 18*0-of enjoying delightful sleighing About aoo-the snow descendedgenerally known, that out of the whole grandment,whichisnoty^BDreparedforvoteby armyoftheRevolutionwhichfoughtunder Johnston,theMormonsreturnedfromtheplaceswh**«ara«tballot and universal sum The annexationof the Romagna to Pieo_ren£_<ay now, there- cHy raflroada t o fore, be regarded aa an accomplished factWashingtonandhis generals,fAerearenowliv-ing throughout the whole country only one hundred themselves, and we find them now a ll in Saltand bring back or account for all persons composing the crew.!T°J*^^!rmtoa,^*«B_r"<_j -abovestated,thefeather,Taa_ii^__did mackafternoon,andsoYoung ___JB__T_m_jto another disappointment, so ft* aa steta__J_ Aboutseveno'clocklasteve__f7t_e-a codaim>bab_ityofraintakingthep_©eofthe hail, and a oce-wojsont Sarrn_m * t_a-r. . . aw-^A|»-» x __. .._ __—•~—»and sixty-five. In a few years more they will have all dropped by the wayside; even nowLake City, and apparently thriving. They arecoveredtheground -bout a foot thick,wished that be had a thousand lives, that ail of themmight be forfeited ia expiation and avengement of the fouldeed be bad committed. Leeman lay upon a rock in theriver,andwaamadeatargetforthepracticeofinoeewnohad captured Sharp's rifles in the affray. Shot after shotwaa fired at him, and when tired of thia sport, a manwadedouttowherebelay,andaetbimupingrutfteqoe InaugurationofMOWSquednanStatuecfW-AaAgdaa. attitudes, andfinallyposhed him off, and hefloateddown The equestrian brocse statue of Wasbingtoo. upon whichthestream." theartist,Mr.Mills,hasbeeneaptoyedfor thelastfour The writer proceeds to condemn the course years, to completed, and will be Inaugurated ea the oftheLondonTimes peopleforitsarticleanniversary of the2-dinstant,withimposing cere-againstBrownandhisabettors,andwindsup monies. ThestatueisloeatsdsaPeansylvaawavenue, half a mile west of the President's hsate, tn the centre withtheusualpatheticappealfortheslave* ofaaenclosedplazaofaboutaaacreofgrooad.catted waslookednponwithincreasedaweandvsnel TheMormons,Infact,aregrowingtobea Now,whenithiknownthatthefactaarequite "theOrele" Theatatueaelevatedonapedestaloftheration;andwhenthelistoftheseRevolutiona- greatpeople;theyinhabitanisolated Territo- contrarytotheabovestatement,thatthebodies heightofthatof Unionsquare,NewV«s_ Thefigureof«»_Ianohelpforhimonearth.filth. Owtegtotheatom,neithertheCityof .*• *•°Wtchoolofstatesmen,who,with"n-Mifhri. rrtm!firrTrriTfflirtnnrflmstnsaiinsbo_>d forSouthern portokftt_^irdo<_syeetoniay ntt, itattendeh and Talleyrand at their head,afternoon. Theywill all,nodoubt, leave this morning.ry heroes shall be reduced to one, the last man willbeviewedwithcuriosityanddeepinterest, as the only survivor of the stormy epoch which tried men's souls. The eyes of the last of thisry, where they establish their own laws, sub- of Brown and hisconfederates were respected Washington a of the proportions of a man eleven feet la height, aad the horse a , of course, pf% correspond*gjecttothetheocracy under which they lire, andtreatedwith chivalriccourtesy,that"Lit- dlmeesisos. Theattitude of thelatter a esssothUy aadincomparativeindifference to thelawsof tleJohn's" statement has been made out of drsmaUc. The reader will remember the old popular the land; and, by-and-by, fat of this distinct whole cloth, it might be fairto inquire whether engraving of Napoleon crossing the Alps. A high wind acotton. T_»'__• tat thai marfeat issbiaoiil aboat l,KOLake, chiefly _ stare, «__agftnaat Iwurwasftm,whilesakeweremodent-a cecttoee were some twrebasea forahipaaent to Georgia,as J some other Southern points. Snathe— floor was —t- others._ 'the divlna right of Unga" andveteran band may close npon this republiccloak, which a in danger of being blown away. The borasuponwhichhattmoonedlooksasifarrestedtetheverycompelled the British to evacuate Boston, their vote as was never given in France before, success commenced, which followed himat Boston statues of Franklin and Webster, be- sides scores of other works of a similar charac- ter which have been Bet up in State Houses and literary institutions.mit them to settle in several of the Mexican States, that government preferring to wait the action of our govern- ment upon the treaty. Should the treaty fail, the propo- sition will undoubtedly be accepted.present, composed of the tlite and beau monde ofNew York. Notwithstanding the that Mmes, Stra-koach aad Colson, with Amodio and Janca, and theexcellent L.Schrieber, the cornet player, assistedto make op the evening's entertainment, yet the barring assassination, his tenure is the best and pendent nation. To-day the country stands principal feature of the evening was the perform- strongest in Europe. upon the verge of another chaos; and who ancesofthenewband. Inthiseverybodywas ThestatesmannowattheheadoftheBritish knowsbutthattheimmortalspiritofWash- satisfied,fromtheauspiciousselectionofthegovernmentalsocomprehendsthespiritoftheington,breathingfromtheinanimatebronzetentious nationalities?LITTLE VIEWS OKJOHN BCLL UPON AMERICAN-AFFAIRS.—The London Hreekly Times, a news- paper which has an extended circulation among the masses, prints an elaborate article upon theproved that public opinion was with him. H is throne restsfirmlyon public opinion now, and,throughout his career, until he not only brought order o u t o f chaos, but created a great inde-llama am _ee »*d a f F*braary,enterprise, many of this last phalanx of the first step; then, by the infusion of young, fresh wa have copied abate are _ anufactared wPoliticians are prolific In cunning dodges Revolutionary army may witness the countryGentile male stock from the Eastern States, con- aboUtionists from this side of the water, of tatEDtroB AVD raortnrroa Oats were Arm and active. Pork w u quite firm, while and devices to humbug the mass o f the people, for whose independence they fought and bled fusion will come upon Mormondom aad i l l in - school o f Fred Douglass, the Remoods and thesales were limited new m en (did at S18 M , and new torn Into fragments by the degenerate eons of stitutions. With the intermixture of Gentiles begging agents for Cheevsra church. Afterprime At B14 76 A115. Sugars were steady, with aales of who are proverbially honest in matters of poli-orHAMAC-ASPnriToaate.SCOa400hhda.aad4,400boxes.Coffoewa*Brm,andia tics.TothedemocraticpartythenameofpatrioticsireswhostruggledtomakeitandtheexclusivenesioftheMormonswillsoontheatoryhasbeendulycookedupit_a.w.coH-A'S-I_ ^ A A f_^_g» ^nsnsMB—fls ' asaa _sssw^*3^pe_BBe ntAABss^oan) sanssr^w say amawssw^nawsyy a large amount offering both for England aad the Con- lected the 8th o f January—the anniversary of t h e U n i t e d S t a t e s .vanish, polygamy will decline, and the unity of smuggled into o n e o f t h e minor preset,the sect will be broken up in Utah; or, in order the editors o f which knowing a s muckspeculative movement for JAVA, ulec of which embraced Jackson is a spell, as the name of Washing »»ata_ 6,000 mata At p t , And 12,000 do. were reported soli in ton ia to the body of the American people;keep it a nation.Inaaff-ratloa m€ Mills' Statwe af Wash- tomaintainits existence at all,the Mormons of oar affairs aa of the flnmmiji Tfl?*AXCCrKOUID. —»mmmswrtap*.V9~mmmm. anaaemaillotSantosat13c. Freightsweresteady,with hence thedemocratic polllicianaalwaysiee- ington—Progresa af t—aFine Arts in mustbetakethemselvesenmasseto the Malay politics of Timbnetoo. TheBritish publieBoatooonprivate terms; 800hag*RiowereBoldat12fjc ,The London Post, t h e organ o f the Britishgovernment,Inaleadercommentingonthepatrioticsentimentinthepopularbosomby memoryoftheillustriousmantowhomweowe neighbors* writeuponA_____fcnaffairs,sothatatsaypoliticiansofallpartiesareappealingtothe tunityofagainrenewingtheirhomagetothe offendingtheprinciplesandprejudicesoftheir selvesaatotbtj^bjec-beforetheyattemptto formaldeterminationofEngland andFrance selecting Washington's birthdayforthemoat- anindependentnationalexistence. Inthenext, rate,theymaybecorrectastotheirfacts,theirthat noforeigninterventionshalltakeplacein tingof theirStateConventions.itwill bemadetheoccasionofatributetoart The Regimental Band Concert Last articleswouldnot,perhaps, beso "thrilling''Onthe22dofFebruarytheDemocraticState Convention of Michigan will meet in Detroitcumstances and the dictation of public opi- The Peeple's Party State Convention of their chief claim to our respect But for their connection with regimental music, and which**0+0*^0*0»^0*0+0*0*H0*0*0^*0*0*0lT h et o a t M B D l a t t dnion." T h e monarchs o f this generation a r egrowing wiser than they were in the oldenPennsylvania will meet in Harrisburg.The Opposition State Convention of Virgi-sculptures and their architectural monuments we question whether even their literature wouldwill show more than anything else t h e pro-aiBLO-fl 0 ARDUt. E'ro-dway.—OOoxs's BOTAI Aarai- time. They no longer talk of a divine right of nia will meet in Richmond.gress that music itself, s s a a art, haa madehave rescued them from historical oblivion. amongst us within the last quarter of a centu- rahawWAU.ACK'B TH_ATRB, Efroadwey.-leMA»J_ Of A carefully mark the popular breeze, ascertainnessee will meet in Nashville.The National Union Party State Convention has enabled native art to produce a work of soTEI n r TOSK m u c aran covnucr Antffortkbeing madsbyanumber ofHewYorkersheld this year, which is worthy of remark. The convention of the democratic party meets at Charleston on the birthday of James Buchanan. Whether that circumstance foreshadows his nomination we leave to the superstitious to de-places are reserved for the President and themembers of his Cabinet, the members of the twohouses, the Judges of the Supreme-Court, theofficers of the army and%f the navy, the membersof the diplomatic corps, Mr. Bocock, the oratorof the day; Mr. Mills, the artist who executed thestatue. &c. Altogether, the ceremony promisesto be the most imposing and interesting of itskind that has ever taken place" in this country. Music t h e instrumental department will b ewhether that fact presages that the republican!will be compelled to take up the old hero as astandardbearer,owingtothedifficulty ofse- Forthesake ofartweheartilyrejoicethatso much importance has been attached to this event It offers an additional and most satis- factory proof of the earnestness of the move- ment to which we have been recently directing attention. The brilliant successes achieved by our native sculptors, such as Palmer, Barbee, Ackers and others, who are comparatively newand efficient orchestra. I n our Academy o f foundequal,ifnotsuperior,tothat ofanyofter for the speculation of the superstitious.Again: the National Union party are to meet inconvention at Lexington, Kentucky—the birth-place of Henry Clay. Possibly the delegatesmay have strong faith enough in spiritualism toexpect that the spirit of the great statesmanwill preside over their deliberations, and, re- to fame, and who have shown themselves ablecal societies areconducted onascale of ex-penditure inthis regard which would surpriseforeigners. At the performances of the New YorkTBI 22D l.TST.On the S2d of February it is proposed that there shal Ibe an effort made throughout the United States to raise sufficient funds to carry on the work npon the Washing-rally together the fragments of the old whigparty, and the other scattered elements of de-functmotions,intooneorganization,which,ifit thatthereisnowabundantpatronagetobe cannot save the Union, may at least dispose ofitself to the highest bidder.Night—Music lit the United Statea. ss they arenow,butwould gain ia sober which cannot but exercise the happiest influ- The magnificent concert given last nightItaly, andthat thepeople shall belefttotheir o w n devices, makes t h e remarkableannouncement that "the two governments•bound themselves by no treaty, but that theiragreement teas theresult oftheforce of cir- linawillmeetinRaleigh. andthetasteforthebeautifulwhichconstitute to ourrecollection some curious (actsin NEWSFROMWJj_mrOffO_T.ence on its destinies in this country. It was in at the Academy o f Music b y the Seventh truth what they lose in gorgeousness of fancy. The Whig State ConventionofNorthCaro- thismannerthattheGreeksfosteredthegenius regiment,to inaugurate itsnewband, bringsirrepressibleconflictdoctrines,andtheen-tasteforthearts,andintheirlavishexpendi-formersontheinstrument Thereareamongst farastheNationalBridgewasuntruedorsers of Helper's book. If these gentlemen would allow their thoughts to travel back to (he days and deeds of Washington, and remem- berwhathismissionwas,andhowhefulfilled it,theunitednationhelefttothemandtheirthe wealthier classes many amateurs—instru- The Juarez government are not at all apprehensive of mentalists a s well a s vocalists—whose per- this expedition, as Vera Cruz is defended by works wbicb are good defences against a force destitute of ar-formances would do credit to the stage and the tillery, and the troops of the liberals will make a good concertroom. Inafewyearsmorethestudies standbehindstonewalls. Thecitycannotbestarved thathavebeensoperseveringlypursuedcan- out,becauseitcanbesuppliedfromseaward. notfailtobringforthrichresultsintheway8URIOC8TBOUBLBOSIBBBIOORA-VUS—TBIB1Wr_tBC8B_of original creations. 8CBBKB, ITC.The difficulties now occurring along the Bio Grande, beThe greater part o f this advancement, b e i t tween OorUnas and the liberal authorities at Matamoru, observed, has been made within the last dozen promise very serious complications in consequence of the years. Havewenotreasonto"beproudofthe ic11-erationoftheliberalauthoritieswiththeUnitedStates, fact,asanevidencethatintheartsaswellas andthehostilityofCortinaatobothofthese. Itappears,by intelligence brought by the last mail, that the Joares in t h e more material pursuits o f life w e c a n government bave not y e t formally accepted the proposi- Bunker Hill a statue of General Warrer*) and easily overleap the slow culture of more pre- tions of numerous Americans to aid them, and also per-lastfewyearsInthecultivationofthefinearts. captionof"ABlackAffair,"andoverthestill sides. Thequestiontobedecidedastrictlyone pieces and the manner of execution. The marches age, and on the Italian question yields to the to which the representatives of the nation The importance attached to the ceremony of law , the contestant hot having, according toand quicksteps were most excellent, and the en- voice of public opinion in England, in despite will assemble on Wednesday next to do more suggestive signature of "Little John," the statute, notified the sitting member of hU thusiasticmanner.inwhichtheywerereceivedoftheCoburginfluencebehindthethrone. whichistotakeplaceatWashingtononthethesoubriquetofoneoftheoutlawsoftheintentiontocontesthisseat. Amajorityofthe Warrantsas,actingnpontheexpressedopinion dohonor,mayexerciseabenigninfluence,and 22dwelookuponasoneofthemosten-forestofSherwood,inthe"goodoldtimes."committee,itisunderstood,holdthatMrWuitamsondid of every person present, inhoping that daring the Lord Palmereton has arranged the programme stay the storm of revolution and disunion couraging indications that we have as yet had Little John Bull has obtained some exclusiveintenmoftheperformanceoftheopera,wemay withtheEmperoroftheFrench.Therewas whichfanaticalagitatorsaresorecklessly toloteinconnectionwithaprogresswhich informationupontheoccurrencesinVirginia hareaseriesofmilitaryandpromenade concerto aperfectagreement,saysthePrime Minister's arousing? hashadsofewadventitiouschancestoaidit after thedeathofJohnBrown. .Videthefol- by the National Guard Band. organ, between the two governments as toIn the oaaa of Lane, charged with defalcations what was to be done; the only difference was THS LAST OP THB GRAND ARMY OP THB RE- PROGRESS OF MORMONDOM—THI WAT TO GET lowing extract:—Pina Ninth and Cardinal AntonelU might aawell submit with a good grace. The palmy many of them can say, with Soult, that they adopted a new military uniform. They givepower la "the dictation of publie opinio-," aadof Carrollton, remained the sole survivor of the far surpasses i t signersoftheDeclarationofIndependence,hekings»h_m_oW„abut if the black republican agitators and fa- munity is to run the great civillser—the rail-tt the l aofTt_L^_____« «« ikeMMaftheteamaadefma____hearthemuffleddrum,andbeholdIntheworlddays of the Hildebrands and the Bo__aees aregonebyforever.APope'sf___aa_onanow beyondthegravethecampfirearoundwhich ablesocietytherealmostequalsthatofWash- amounttonothing. Hislossofhistemporal allmustonedaygather.W_enO_jles(3arroll, ingtoninelegance,andinmoralityanddecencyThe details of the foreign new*whichcameto bandyesterdaybytheArabiawarePtma_arodfavorableftpujwmenjrithitowidea.,h«y,takenthefrnlaca nationmayariseaMormonMahomettoawespornotacause—thedefendantsofwhichhaveblowing.The"LittleCorporal'*awrappedinacopiousilrp The doctrine of "the divin- ^__r!l?r .still united, thrivlBg, prosperous and happy—a andtherightsofthepeopleareproclSb'v modelandaaenvytothenationsoftitsearth;theGentileStateswithfireandsword.The toresorttowholesalelyingfortheirarguments,of popes is gone to -the tomb of the Capuleto "onlywaytobreakupthisexclusivecom- aadtodrawentirelyupontheirimaginative aetofgotegeverintoaaAlpinechasm. Taaavery. « i rto be paramount to allfaculties for their facts—can stand the blaze of mtir.h the attitude of tbta bora* of WaaMor_n The scene n the battle of Trent» Washington, in advance of tha noonday and the light of truth and fair play, American forces, occupies a posttioa bet-«*n the two road cut right through Salt Lake valley and the which the British public professes to give t o arnms. A high wiad » blowing, upon b _ back. Taanatics, who are now exciting a war of racesroad-through its midst Let the Pacific Rail-Untitled Documentw e a ts e e oncearising t o ourmonuments which are a patriotism and love oforganizinganewnationalarmy,andhavemilitary balls, receptions and soirees. Fashion-the orchestras at our theatres. Nothing morecompanies. A t present a very different condi-tion o f things i s observable. N o theatre willbe tolerated without a respectably composed 17th of February, 1861, in New York city. Seventy sixmembers composed the present Convention. KIIJT AKT AFF-IRJJ.Serious changes bave been reaommended In the military service.the great theatres abroad. Our leading musi- wAStuyGTOs NAnojTAL KOXUICEST—pjtopoexp aornanrr on12Xcentspermonth,theworkcanbekeptinprogress This progress is happily not confined to ar- A very slight effort made in each place throughout the tists. Amongst all classes of our people music country would insure the completion of the monument inthe elements o u t o f which composers a r e 8th for Thecals, to encounter the liberal forces under Carvajal, and from thence, if successful, would proceed formed. There are but few houses i n which a at once to Vera Crux. Under the most favorable circum- cumstancestillisthefactthateventhepoliti- pianoisnotheard,therearebutfewfamilies stanceshecouldnottakehisarmytoVeraCruxbefore cians have become infected with this thatcannotboastoneortwotolerableper- the1stofMarch. ThereportthatbehadadvancedasTHB SIOKLBS AJTO WILLIAM*)!* OmrTBSTKP SKAT IX THB B0C8S The House Committee on Elections have had the Sickles and WUiiamson contested election case before them for stridesthatwehavebeenmakingwithinthe JohnBrownraid,undertheveryappropriate some days, and have heard arguments on botbAll this proves, as we have said, the rapidas to the mode of doing i t The people were VOLUTION.—We publish In another column a The scenes that have occurred since bis death haveRn>OFIT.—Wepublishto-daysomeinteresting shown howlittle outward refinementbaatodowithin seatsoninsufficient grounds;secondly,toaflordasittingIntheFultonBank,thejuryyesterdayrenderedaverdictotguilty.Amotiontoranewtrialwillbe tosettletheiraffairsforthemselves.Theques- veryinterestinglistofthesurvivingRevolu- correspondencefromSaltLakeCityrelativeto wardpurity. Thebrutalitiesandoutragescommittedon madeonThursdaynext tionremained,how? Napoleonwasinfaror tionarysoldiersoftheStateofNewYork,with thedeadbodiesoftheinsurrectionistsbywhatIsupposememberanopportunity,whileeventswererecentaad proof attainable, to prepare his caseAbout midnight o a Friday a heavy fall o f snow of universal suffrage—the English government their ages, in the year 1859. The youngest o fago the government found it necessary to sendby the brutality of the vilest mobs In the darkest ages.The following account is publicly recited, and there is noreason to doubt Its truth:—"The dead lay in the streets,and In the river, and were subjected to every indignitythat a wild and madly excited people could neap uponthem. Curseswerefreelyutteredaaainstthem,andkicks lars,withthecostofthesuit Thiswasaaactiontore- and blows inflicted npon them. The huge mulatto thatshot Mr. Turner was lying in the gutter m front of the cover the penalty on a bend under the act of 1803, re-arsenal, with a horrible wound In h a neck, and though quiring masters of vessels, before their clearance, to de- dead and gory, vengeance was unsatlsUed, and many, astheyransucksintohiswonnds,orbeathimwiththem, livertotheCollectoracertifiedcopyoftheircrewlist,aet in , s a d continued t o come down very in favor of an appeal to the existing constituen- these veterans is eighty-nine, and there are a large army to Utah to repress the revolution-thiekaadfast until about half-past twoo'clock cies;andtothiswearetoldNapoleonassented. twooftheage of100,one of104and one ofyesterday afternoon, when ft changed t o hail, ary sentiments of the Saints and bring them toHeiBnotamantolosethesubstanceforthe105yearsinthislistofthirty-sixRevolutiona- submission,andthateventverynearlyresult-1XTKKB8TLX0 TO SHIPMASTERSThe United States Court at Charleston, & C , hat as--»- to thechagrin of those who en-shadow,andhecouldwellaffordtogracefullyry soldiers. It is remarkable, and we think noted in the total exodus of the Mormons fromthe progress of Mormondom. A short time must be called gentlemen of Virginia can only be equalledThe Sons of Malta adjourned yesterday, to meet on thenot comply with the statute, and therefore has no right tocontesthisseat Therewilldoubtlessbeaminority report,takingadifferent view,whichwill brinetheques- tion before the House for its decision. The statute which Mr. Williamson failed to comply with was passed for a twofold object—First, to prevent persons from oontestiagsessed the damage upon Captain Church, master of the ship William Patton, to the amount ot four hundred dol-N Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 