 —Ml*^11ptelmimef1a>oftheroestousbytheekweattieswhicheverdid,orlathaief human afiairs aver can, coaaect dlatlaht poBticLl otm-the work of destruettoa shall be that great Union, onrtakes 'tiehi bis dtttyto tkegalierlact with du: prreoarttngii may bedisturbedbyquiringMarshalstodeliverfugitives'totheDistrictJudge! t\i+:•'<•' (Wtf-*Wbe driven from resolved 1Mto the Stelesto the State. But if, iin fmitHvi toetcitodaadatomed-'We deceive ourselves If weanp-of such services to the community "treaty shall hare been concluded betweenthe government of the United States.ties* to,in withdrawing from the Cabinet of Mr Buchanan Perilous Committee were in session three hoarstive slave, in all eases when the Marshal isfrom discharging hto duty by force or rescue, madaafter arrest. In ansueh cases tla owner shall have power to sue the.county to which the lafwuii or rescue wa« made, and the cetiBte ahaU have that right to sue the individual* who committee the wrong, in the aame saunaer aa the owner could sue.The House then want into Committee.A considerable time was then consumed in separately laying aside numerous bills which preceded the Pacific Railroah bill on the calendar, the opponents of thto bill refusing to take it up immediately and independently of the others. When the hill granting toads for Nebraska railroads was reached the Committee proceeded to con-to an gleam of s>mehtee. aersy of hope.the only arm oa which the municipal aaagtotiataa ef Committee rose. dangerous riots. Every one of its members isa atof t h e Miatonri Q'mproauK line, mtiedaoedanyqn-rrter; tor as- the line was abolish«ti on the ground of uneunsuiatienality, toa restoration moat ofto no hope from that quarter most aasuredlythe Fugitive Slave l a w ; and earnestly requests such iftherebeany.torepeal eachlaw. Thepropositton to to be sent to each State.The bill accompanying the above proposition, offeredbyMr.Davieatthesecondmetungofthecommittee,re-it shall net be deemed improper for Congress to ask the repeal of. The fugitive stove law ought to be so altered as to make the fee of the commissioner equal. whether he decides far or against toe otoam- ant: and the clause authoriaieg the peronn holding the warrant to summon a potte tomitatm to be so astorestrictittocaseswhereviolence or reeeaetoat- tempted. ThelawsforthesuppressionoftheAfricannerative. Keferred to the Committee on Printing. Adjourned.iaVOBTAifT FROB MftTO fiaVaMaWI.or atBill ist tfee Senate of Mortfa Carolinato AramtncState,sVe.Rauasa, Dec. 18, HMO. The bill for arming the State has just passed the Senate,in the bands of ettixenaof the United States. wh> area part of the militto of the United Stoles, shall not be seed bythemtoprotectofficersefthetowoftheUnitodStates from htwless violence mthestreets of a city,the Commonwealth to bound to preserveFellow citiaens, te it consistent with the dotyto our common country, to our State aad to thatsuchtowsshouldbepermittedlongertoexist?Ws know R to doubt.d by some whether the pro- sent to aa opportune moment to abrogate them. It • said—We grant these tows an wrong, h o t will you re-poration orThis ruling of the WeakertheThe Bonn* went immediately M e Committee ofWhole,Mr. Growin thechair,when an attempt madebynameoftheSouthern opponentsofthebdlto avoid reaching it, by filibustering. The friends of the measure—evidently a large proportion of the members— showed a determination to lay aside every other Mil and resolution, sad reach its consideration. They accom-tha.North were j>o« agefast the.free States a State-onM naUlfyan act ofror supposing that thedid.Mr Joawoaa-.PI MTapmont pam athe same subject IMiKWiaod he would hethoagbtitOf•eaahonmbeoaedby tie administration to plished their purpose, sad left it where it willtaw trsaute of cast MM then be an he the first subject under consideration when the the Committee of Thirteen, when raised.and shattered fragaaaate; aad i dwelt under its proteettoo i nthe fortB should b e Bat this. If doneBonne nest gees into committee. This is con steered n triumph far the friends of the bill, whoThe resolutions wore laid over.agreethat it*passage,whichi sn o wconsideredthe hands of the Governor of tnoblaw. I donot believe that•nnwanf South Carolina, in thia crisisof her certain, will be the best peace measure that Congress Congress shall net interfere with slavery inexhibit a single act iinanm MBBBd by the au- can inKlate. Mr. Cerwm expresses the opinion that it the States provide far the faithful performance of Mm Mr. Sravrnw, of Washington Territory,Fugitive Slave law. k c B e said w e were in troublouswtocharechwidaludMM teof the lidatert„ ready and the men for the "fbr- south than anything the Committee of thirty-three will every lover of the Union. Calm reflection was necessary.•oration authorizing s special enactment to a sthe Secretary of the Interior to decide on the vithe Paget Sound Agricultural Company; aiso ahaving at view the employment of a war steamer on Columbia river. I V farmer was referred to the Com- mittee on Public Lands, the latter to that oa Navalpieked. they are sheer invention*.ar thebe able to produce.Mr. Ford, the House printer, has arrived here, and hotarranged with JLaroomut) and English to continue to exe-If this nullity evporimcal be overthrown, It wdl be the greatest shook ever received by civilisation, worse than the French RevolBtion. Suppose the Southern States come and ark to go out and ask for a fair division, would the North ieraser woatd it net give tnem all theynet act tnaa. xney ar»- lur ^^"la* tbtir own hiatiaoai sjehKly; bat let them once he disturbed, and let the .State glen MBward to advance, and ladders would he ptentvcute the work, agreeing to give them every dollar now eetekly enough, while every Minute iei|anij in tin paid—theforty percent reduction having destroyed thenow have* Is it. then, mere party spirit now Anairsforward te contend for thJ post oientire value of the printing. Governor ford sent thethat pre*cats erring them a l they would get, by establishing the tine ho proposed r What would they gatofbyaTefnsaa* Notbteg weeid be gained bnt all thefata) coiisoseencee of disunion would come. In view of those weighty esneequuencee and great events to it tost better to settle it on "the Missouri compromise tine? The people were satisfiedMr. Ormto, of New Hextoo, introduced a reoamtion re' sagaiiiag the co-operation of the voteaaaora with the regular forces of that Tenitoiy, and proposing an appro-will probably give greater satisfaction to the NorthandISPes, which required conciliation and aaeriaee b ybe the preoabSBty or hnpro'nbiliry of following letter to the Spanker of the House to-day which moaatisttoa agatoei the forts, it u e*r- explains itself:—thnt the garrison are very much soared, and areem- Wastaxovox, Dec. 18,1840.vigiiaat. While all the laborers that the ToranSPSJIKXBor THEU\rm> Suras Hocsa or Rxmnacr- can hire are working; unceasingly at th> T-Orvia:—priation to pay them. *Mr. Mot'uatsAsn, (opp) of HL, rase to a personal ex- the State ofhe soldiers are nosy hwidc. What SIT;—Inviewofthejointresolution ofCongress,passed withthatforthirtyyears,andwouldbeSatisfiedwithit art enteg hi n mystery, dame say that at the last session since m y election as printer of the again. It wee his settled conviction that unless some- art being laid to blow up the whole place if resist House of Representatives, reducing the rates upon the thing is; dene w e would be -a separate and dividedplanation. Some friend of his bad forwarded himthe Icompact, IthmoisJournalofthe13thhist.,publishedlaSprmglield, te conflict with where Mr. Lincoln and himseli reside. That paper to edit- United t^aXm.ed by a false and perverted specimen of humanity The federal govhopeless. Bnt aw no ontftdem are nowpermittedwastetheramparts,therealnatureofthe the garrison are employed can only be The seventy men are now certainly in *printing (arty per cent. I find myself compelled to pay ail that is now allowed for thenctaal execution of the work, not bt-ingiabie to reserve to myself sufficient to pay m y <>wn persona! expenses since said reduction. I have myself, and ilnrteg a aevere illness through m ypeople it teas than six months. Is not thto the cheapest price to pay for the Union* Some people were not afraid. Bet so sure as he st-xx! there utoanioa would ffahow unless something was done; andhefearedit wouldswallow even old Kentucky,asa - Stale as yet exfeto in the Union. He the North ought to be satisfied. The South has only one-third of the Territory. When we come to make a peace offering, do w e measurenamed Faker, a nephew of the President elect.Slate, extends over theaflpersonswithinitalimits. Bachofto sovereign and supreme within tot own conetitational sphere of action, and enIit tod to the unplicutemakeadeeper***fight.FSOPOfflED POSTAL aJLE.t.MiSMSN'TO Oi" SOUTH legal and recognized attorney, used my best endeavors toMr. LOVXJOT, (rep.) of Ui., raised the point of orderthat thto was not a privileged question, aad in thto he W.HJsustained by theSTKAKBB,whosaidithaibeendecided ef the people to ita hvwa,aad to Majudicial heretofore that newspaper articles did not come under executive officers aapeiiMed to apply aadcutouNA xnrosx HER SOVKSUIUN UOVKXSMXST. perfoimmydutiestotheBouseofRepresentativesfaith fully. In view of the above facts I wouW respectfullyUrn tjenatwial CatatBttaos of the South Carolina Legi~- r«.commend tothe Moose of Representatives that, as nthat head. It is phuii that if of Mr.EIT,(rep.)ofW.Y.,offered a billamendatoryof vernments may command itsto whom i n s referred so much of the Governor's government printing estehlishment has recently been carefully: and count every cent. It was a glo- Introduced yesterday.1»rious sacrifice ef party as save the Union—a referred to the proposed postal arrange- purchased by authority Of Congress, that provision he Union which had cost much sacrifice. WashingMr. StnmvAS, (rep.) of Ohio, moved to lay the subject It is an lnevaabJe consequence, that, when either ien the table, with a view to proceed to other business, as er property have been taken into the cuatody of ueuurwhen the secession of the Slate from the present mode for the immediate- execution of the Boose work in ton said Prevalence helped tnem. Is this greatits consideration would probably consume the whole day. Be was perfectly whang that a fair vote choukl be taken on the resolution on Monday,The House refused to lay the resolution on the table, 88 against 9t.Mr. Smauux, (rep.) of HL. changed from yea to nay, merelyforthepurposeofmovingareeooaidetatioBoftie vote.confederacy shall have been consummated, recently sub- then- report, which it is presamed will beTwo plans are suggested in the Governorfirst, theemploymentof.Adams'Expre&s;andsecondTM,a temporary arrangement between the State and federalwenthat ofiace: m which proposition, if carried Into effect, I wit) swat cheerfully give my assent and yield up my < face. THOMAS H. FORD. Bouse Printer.work to be dashed at rdeees* The present trouble was the result ef a kmg eosaroversv, aad we have new crone to a place where the preservation of theommtrr demandsef one of these governments, aad its executive ot&cara are required by ita tows to preserve that custody, then Mmother government cannot require Ita nSVors and cMtoeaOin aay manner to interfere therewith. Such totertoraajag *«at** would be a ptaw departure from ita cenatitutiuaal pow-Gen. Scott made a formal call to-day upon Vice Pre- du'uTrrt^uue them to Uv*m the Imunt of Ooiossbw, brmg- h« slave» there and holding them as auch.SS'far as practicable,result from sident Breckinridge, Senators Chandler, Fitch, Mason, Fourth, Congress shad have no power to hinder the trans.The SrBAiuQt decided that the twelfth section of the authorities of MM United •tataa IT saoh » bill provides for bonds to be raisedto the amount of sixty power existed, every tow af MM United States millions payable at the Treasury aad redeemabletot couldberenderedinoperative by Slate legislation. Jar thirty years. This was certainly anappropriation, there- who would demaadaay right under a law ef Ike United fore the bill must go to the Committee of the Whole ou Stales, if the penalty of aa innocent failure to prove ajsa thestateoftheUnion.St and Baleandothers. portaUHUof stoves from aae State to another, whetherby in the trans- land, aavfeabto riven, or aaa.m the State be, Prominent statesmen of all parties continue to callupon fifth, CBeats— shall have power by tow to pay .anthoriaedandrequestedtocontinue GeneralCam,tocongratulatehim upon htorecentcourse an owner waa •hall apply, the tail value for a fugi-case,whichmayproceedfrommerelyaccidental causes, should subject him to a fine of five thnsaand dollars and imprisonment in the State prison for five years. V et such is one of the laws now OS our statute book.The volunteer mflltto a r e prohibited team anting i ato-day. chair. TheGovernor Winsiow, of North Carolina, was in theofferedby H.WinterDavis,Sixth. No future amendajeat or amendments shall effect the preeedSng articles, and ODngreas shall neverhave power tobe a fugitive from service. The volunteer militia to)t aaeWiIiniithani fioaoa be vtoaafar, aad decide on eo Mfetv.and wbnut their Northern States.Fartherreserved,Tha fffMrtxoftheacefarShe.Mr. CoLiAnxa aati Skat to was hi the history of thetransaction that, at thtoMans of the adoption of the law,the Supreme Court hadrpaspia tew deciding that color-ed men had no rights under tew which whtte men were tMMfB laShtt fKnsMsHawOMsB aaanTsal flfjtalMul a n W aaaaaav VMLae saaaNMar |Btj&A>' boundtorespect.Mr. Hughes, member of Congress from Marylend, has Mm aacrgtoe of party; The highest duty of the Senate«-day addressed a totter to his constituents neon the pe- ril*,u;situation ofthecountry,in whichhedeprecates the present condition of aflhin, and declares he ansa lit- tle hope of preservation of the Union through Congres-is to preserve the osnstitutiou and the government, and bond ttdown topreteritv Weareinaposition where history will record our action: When we saw dis- cord and danger, we showed a bitter party spirit, aad a great country was ruined—and, to the enmvement of the world, the great repnBm. has fallen, and our names goers: aad kwaccanmaading it,ar« towa comaaanejsg ei\d war.The committee report substantially as follows:—Theneat plan will b to *ecure, anhatanthdty if pandhle, thecontfijttiicoftoepresentsystem.Thatistosoy,thatelect.Hethink*nothingshortofDivinemterpesitioadownwithstigma«ponthem. HewtofaedtotheunderstandingthatadirectvoteshallbetakenontocommandedbythelawsoftheCattedStatestota* carnage, carv. dethrery and dtttnfasstoa of the mails She dPvtGod it waa in hto power to save the Union by the resolution. rotate that custody, the laws of Vaaaaahssotts wfll now avail. B e cnmptohvi of the moody reserve or giving op bis private opinions. He would forego Mr. Snevnssnx's motion was disagreed to—«7 against 01. require every Judge o its Supreme Court, itasional action or the probable policy of the PresidentMr. SBKRIUN- was willing to withdraw his motion, withominous silence. of. the republicans. and the lack of ex- VlMf SOS. Is the Sooth bent on revolution* He did no After farther proceedings the resolution waaSuperior. Probate, or Police Court, (aad any Jasttoo of the Peace ia some contingencies,) to Jaoas a writ requiring the Marsha) of the I sited States,custodv. to bringthe fugitive beforeaahjeat him to the aasteW af aeehoateh tea custody upon itathe fugitive from the custody of the towStates, the State tribunal is to proceed to a trial of the matters in issue, with tonne and principles ofwhich it te believed have sever twnigptteil tocase, which are wholly umoasavteaiwttb the toty. And,as'Iftheexecutionofbe left to the ordinary cieatfortheprotectionofthelives,.ef our aitiaens. and in preparattoBjOaM. wouldan mevitable and periioes contest, special Com arerequiredtobe•ppomtudia eacheeuatyefMM menanalib, aad Che treasury of theef conservative or cencfrtotory nantimenta fromof party,*through whom alls a w J p ^ ^ ^ ^ a TM * * ^ ^saw Pjsasgpj w^agjiBjBjajBj^ sjajpwg. Jhsw^Bsaawfima'aamv a a s e w j BaWg asanas*Ha lot is with Maryland, while hto feelings nod sympa thlesarewiththeSouth. IttounderstoodthatGovernor Hicks, American, declinea to call the TJaglamtara which atdomocraaic,together,lor fear partisantogtolationwill he entered upon toaniral to the interests of hto party.The Committee of Ways sad Mesas will aafiaiei to pant a deficiency bill to-morrow, if Territorial business WaVnawW.No nomination has yet been sent to the Senate for At- torney General. I k e President today telegraphed to Ecwin M. Stanton, who is now in Ohio, with the hope that Mr. Stanton win accept the position.Mr- Thompson, Secretary of the Interior, will not re- sign hto place m the Cabinet, nor does the President wtoh han to do so unless Mtostosippi secedes• m He oould speak for his own SB yeas against 81 nays, as follows:—! inallta^Trr ud« diir^-eli <by thewaaeaasbjto of three_ hereafteracquirednorth thirty adauies alavery or invuitoaaajBJSi toreligionaadthe interfereisanywayMr.BcaxutmaskedMthe decided so*Mr. Cbujuomaaid it had in his Vermont never intended to pats The Senate here, on motion ofWAJ4UBW1U.I, Dec 18.1860.TneSiTt>xmtornbefore the Hosswatotterfrom Mr. Wash prosperity, shedding fraternal blood to civil war.At such a time, it to a great aad solemn duty of the people e f every State toafiairs, can jeetly be laid to ita charge, and be ftand, everythat snobatotteg on that Fellow cftbamsthose•UKurtherresolved, flhatTSe rederalgovermnent will abstain from the empflpcmjmnenat of asmpy force aggrom*- toward any . and if there to any danger of a collision the federalforces and State forces be promptly withdrawn.Mr. DoroXAS, (opp.) of ni.. saggatted that they belaid over , and thai all such resolutionsb ereferredt oMr. CioTrBSWBr. (Sfp.) of Ky.. explained a resolutionh e intended t o am»r. I t would practically r e -establtoh die Misaonri compromise, declare that asrepreaantoiive,tolakeeffect froVwould be satisfied with thto rente by the Union and die by it. He closed aypaal tejave the honor of the flag, and hops lata snob weold be the case. HefoatowtjajTBoMulbni i-~alarming Itoae ton* have arisen between theYaas— Messrs. AJdriefc, ham, Shwr, "o aad Southernas to therightoof the common , aad tt to eminently desrron ut he nettled bv tke mnatitiiequal justice u>all teetiooji, and _ fore,irrtee,KHliBgar, Leach ofby the Senate and House of Representa -ropoaedaadsubmittedasan rateh skaa be v«Vd aspart ofNars.—Measra Adams of K y . Adman, Anderson of Mo..Ashley. Bsrksoale Barrett Boeock, Boteler. Boyee, Brigga,Brown. Burnett, Horace F . Clark, Clark e f M e,, ClemensCtaptoe.Cote, John Ceebraee.Ooz, Gratesof K.C,Crawford, Curry. Darieof tod,, Dejaraette, •email new, Maw-liah, Florence, Fouke, GartseH, Gtoaer, Hardiimsa, Mar- subjected to their unlimited control, forbarn, (rep.) of Maine, informthe Pacific Telegraph act.Mr. Quwsean, <<q>p.) of Ga., called up the resolutam hecitterns tothem to * tain from doingdo something which prevents or ebetracte itaMr. Snn-Exoax, (opp.) of Ky., moved to toy this motion on the table.Tat it to nevertheless the faat, that if a fugi- tive from service whom the cereaitntieB and hvwaof the Catted States require to be delivered up, be m the custody of a Marshal of the Called Statte, whofield, Carey. Carter, Delano, Due!!,rV etna, Pease Hah-, UalL'Heimiek, daaaaaw MM-oveioy,Lovejoy. McKeau-MePhomm,MUlwaid,McKidght,Mfoeoerhead, Morrtios oTPa.. MowresV, Piarry. Pettft, Porter, Pottle,Edwin R. Reynolds, Jean H. lleynohU, Rice, Royce, SedgWiefc,Sherman,Spaukhwr,Skmner,Stanton,Stewartof fttTappsn, Theater, Tompttaa. Train. Trimble. Vaadever. W e r Tapoaa, Theaker, Tomnktaa. Train, Trimble, Vaadever, W e rrer. Wade. Waldron, Walton, Waathunie of W in, Wash burnofin.,WaahburneofMia, Weha,Wfinon,Wand,afiosa-Wal M S H M JJaamaVimiWaat, except for the punishment fur crime, is pro-while in aU the Territory south of tha! latitude iUverv rut of Md., Harris at Va., Hattou, Hill, Hind provekicg the conflict and pramtag it onward toia hereby rrssgjiWwri a s esastiag a n d attall n o t b e interfered wfca by COugre**, but •SatobepreteetedasMaes a? the T<All the territory north or south of mid aae, within suchly prescribe when ft eoBtaina a memberof Ceutieav with a re- form ef govermaent, «hatl be admitted into them~~, Holman. Hughes, Jackson. Jones, Landrum, Lurrabee, Leaeh of N. C , Leake, L MaBary,Martinef Va.Meaereaad, McKeety,RBakeJ,aad tetvaabte toaae of phBaoHtosthelaws alreadyreferred to. thereseaprovisions which are manifestly designed toperformance of our constitutional duty effugitives from service, with such obstacles a s must pre- vent its performance, even though by as doing ear own public peace should be left at the mercy of a*man.We hold it to be plain that a State has sot MMtional power to subject to severe andMoment, persons who, by mistake efbeaatoa of law, and without aay corrupt ar wicked in- tent, make a claim under the tews aad before toouttoeeftaC n u a r o n s l t e a a l Ul k a v e i the States permitting atoaiwy.1 pnesertoo.s l a v e r y i n ahoUtosiaiOf Ky., Moore e f Ate., Morris e f IB.. NPendleton, feytoc. Pryor. Push, Queries, Reagan. Btaes, Scott, Sickles, Simma, bis^etouTetoShof Va. Bmita ofTT C., StaBworth, SleiMDaon, Stewart ef Md., Stake*, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Webster, Woodson, Wright-SLThe Pacific Bailroad bill was taken up.Mr. Bnasui, (opp) of N. C , raised the point that ita first consideration must be in Committee of tha Whole oa the State of the Union, n containing matter hi the nature of a money appropriation.The question was debated.Third. CongreM saall have a e power to abolfeh sUvery in the 01*11*1 of fWumbta while tt extots In Virginia and Mary- land, or either; ear »bafi Ceeerewi »t any erne prohibit thepropositionof Maryland, was adopted, with hut two dis- totttfere withalaverytetheStateswhereittenowparadtted. sider it. Without making much progress thereon the oar ctttt• and towns canrely to fasti organised andsenting vokes. M requests the several State The toft rtaehitioa deotoree that the Southern Steles Crittenden's movement at the Senate for too Legislatures to rovtoe their State hats, to see if have a right to the faithful execution of tha law forthe recovery of stares, and sdeh laws ought not toTheSrteKXR laid before the House a latter from Mr. her of Ik* aulitia ef the Laded Baim, aad they Ford, proposing to surrender his contract if Congress armed at tha expense and under the authority of mediately put the govemnient printing ealahiishni CattedStates, expressly conferred by tike:>a*«a%!*::•*»•.any are in eonfiict with the constitution of the Unitedbeet and most patriotic motives, meets hut little States, and especially that portion having reference to All tows at conflict with the Fugitive mare tew into operation, saying the reduced prices are not remu- Yet this tow declares that the anas oftikeUnitedUmenBMStiags;oarfromwhatoau-repubiieans may in the district of the State escaped from, and sluve trnde cught to be cUectuaily exsc^ted.from what Southern democrats may« no hope l a b e expecteditfast what the Crisis may enggest, for it is new a sectional orgaai- star chamber inquisition deliberating upon ex-The bill for the adnijfsion of Kansas was taken up, and guaranteeing a jury trial of identity to be in lieu of Par- on motion of Mr. Gnaxx made the special order far Mon-libertybills,andtoguardagahmtkidnapping,wan daynext. .called up, and upon motion of Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, Mr. POWELL'S (opp.) of gy-, resolution was taken up„ referred to a commute.. to consist of the members and after the discussion of points of order, Mr. Johnson,afterci.ttsidenftledebate,byavoteef41 tog Itcomes pealthemunderathreat* Weanewerno Wewoahtdonothing under a threat. We would repeal them under oar own love of right: under our own seace of the mrradnaaa of compacts: under car own conviction of the inestimablebe repealed or modified, seas to impair their eflWcieacy.of T«nn., yielded the floor to Mr. Mote.partestatementeandcaieuiatmgfrom fromtheborderStates. Mr.HJLL,(rep.)efN.H.,saidhesimplyrosetosayThecommissionersfromAlabamaandMtoatoaippihaveimportanceofsocialorderanddomesticpangs.The only formal speech made upon the occa- that whatever he thought of the praciability of the reso-It will net be surprising if it breaks up with sion waa by Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts, who de- lutions of the Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Crittenden) he had no doubt about the parity of his motives and in-teganything,uaieasathetosharpenthe fended with great ability the existing PersonalLi- tegrity, and the disinterested fervor oi his pa-pohtkai agaadtta under whichtheeonatrytoBOWiabor- berty bdlof htoState. He said that the first bill triotism But the senator from Louisiana (Mr.arrived.A democratic caucusto to be held to-night.under ear feeling ef rasponaibdity to tike m e- mory of ear fathers aad Ike welfare of oar children, and sot under aay threat. We whald not bo preventedfromrepeaucgthembyaayconductofothersifTHE CO-OPERATION MEETING IN MOBILE. such repeal were in accordance with oar own of rajbt. He who refuses to do arightMoans, Sac IS, 1M0 because he to threatened with eraIke repuhlicaas in tha Boose to-day, stgnausadthe lee?, and that features in that bdl had frequently been King), and he now roseto ask for information. He had The co-operation meeting tost Bight nominated Messrs acta hi subjection to the threat: ha tohV- was the production of the Knew Nothing Legislature ofBer-ianiin) the ether dip asked what was meant4>y hktBtry refeaing at acknowledge that as property under tha const itn-listenedtothelongandable,buterraticspeechofthe .Senator from Texas (Mr. Wlgfall), who seemed explicit to his demands, bat She Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Crit- tenden) seemed of an entirely different sect of politics,demands pot forth to-day were entirely differentm these of thehssinratJ! SenatorfromTexas. His desire was to know wkath represented the de- mandstobemade onoarpeople. Hewantedtodby to Htofalse pride mayenable him to disregard the threat, but he tacks luonioge te eeaptoo the wrong estimate of hto own conduct which easv duct be knows would spring only from hto iovt ef duty. If every right minded man stost admit thai he ought to governhtooweconductby theseprinetrees,aretheyia- appiieabie to the conduct of a great and populous Slater Onwhatgroundcanitbemaintoiaadthatfiiietrthm, and without an aeknowledgmeat of shto aartaaaof aottan it to amdaaas to expaat the Sooth wiDaawmentaoee?tanyterms theanttHrtavery man may IkeviolationofooaatilatioBilStats tows. Mr.AdamswasOfeouisetheiridtematrn IMA, even at the oast < TQvflwarwasnevermoreaj for,withallhopeofreceartliattoaMwt, allhapeefUK- two snetinBe moat he thaadiaMi. ft ont in this city, an tt has danS.C. theremightbeaJmaeeleftforto ear it already exiata toattentivelyandrespectivelylistenedtoduringhtospeech,proposition will be the next in order, via.: to know If the Senator from Kentucky represent*RightRer.Jama*P.McFartond,D.I),,Bishopofthediocese of Hartford. States of Rhode Island and tbeasaada ef innocent cttissns are to be a-cnecticnt, ]um tosend a circular tetter aad ad- jested te angarmg, because Mm false pride Sf it' :of• going on at tha border StateslOtageo-ef"to isimtain to s a iquoted against the State, bat that when the republican party came into power under the toad ol'Governor Banks, the hill was so revised as not to tannict with the constitu- tionof the UnitedStates, andat Ikesame time to preventthe people. <>r simply the effusion of hto own patriotic orestorethe Mtosouricompromise lineandextenditto heart,andifthepeople arereally rspraaanttd bytheGarland,Goods,Win.D.Dunn,JohnA.WinsurnandRoot. H. Smith as delegates to the Convention.CIRCTLAR LETTER OF THEBISHOP OF THE DIOCESSOFHARTFORDONTHECRISIS.of Mason's andaf I nam. am theyDixon's' fast Mewitee for**' adders}la meant byttw hBOtwa? Q u O f f i ea H**!Krsacr.. . - Cjjff ,i .*m «fi tese-'w msn^ai Ss»: k ,«aas»<i » j»*»nwvo J i t IMT>' - -«wUrn bdl amoBdatory af the Pacific Toiegraphtow.to- te tike Hoost to-day, by Mr K y , ptsgaoosto extend the time tor the eumptottua of th e h a st e the 1»the aame society, wh MEET tdjUlitrT—WSO taT9.by the amendment ef the roaster front New York (Mr.dressedittotheclergyofhto dtesstt, oathesubjectof IkePaesflc,and provide fortheprotectionofslaveryin SenatorfromTexas. Hereallywealdliketoknowwhich thedangerswhichthreatenthetheir rulers refuse to do right? hare been afflictedenough by commotions aad strifes and wan sprioj from such causes. We had hoped that tike aatureof oarsumofhumanmtoeryrroduaodbytheevil ftWane of ruleta. We had hoped that, taaaatacb as thethe people eaa have s o mtorest bat todoright would haw the dateercmeat to perceive and the nesstodoit,sodweaLibetoocairn,htowho,toothe territory South of it. Adjourned unul to-morrow. Select Committee referred to a sub-conofthemembersfrom theborderslave .euus proposed from the Southern aid.:«f thee* two gentlemen rigrtesst Mm state of feattag in tbeitorthMr. Satauim ai , (opp. Jandh*StatewastortheUnten. Hecent the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky. HeThe letter was addressed to the _the dioeees on tast Sunday. Urn tatvowtog to a espy of theletter:—RET. Dn*aSm:—•: primal fillthreaten ourwayathdatendropaft totherogiarreSlavetew.tetha IttosaidhiunusuallyreliablectoeJat,thatastrong Mr.HALLsaid.New Hampshire if he was willingto do asandtoiUntitled Documenttll»IJ r«??QtaUiOC aaaaeal ClXU aWMDJUaT ON IENTR PAtiE.before the House to-morrow.There to much anxiety regarding federal relations.thoughheliked iehmentofsm,andean,,W J p^! )WI.PlPI!l |^HI.J.iiiJ-l- B^jgjjffiWJ--T ^'-•• • - 'A saaa a vlaaaheaaeF toaaaa-o aaaM to of saw,aost&i." '~~" r ' TMm"••""'•aaaaMoa.hottld not be repealed?afapeeeha a dasttonaaaykaUJaa*<*» ^Maa ^^PoPHtssWa^m wUtawtTJ k^Bmay have bean tree to1ltf,w1 U Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 