 TOL. J^—NO; 2890.PRICE TWO CENTS.Conftremce of Prominent Republicans.hundred. The ordi- WiLSOK a few years and died this ago,)morning.24.IttaniiMUflB tut the Iitegrity Woi lut iM Preiemtf.of tkeproclamation—peccH of Senator HIcImIsob, of claim under the Coostttutltm, a principle whicha.CITT BOTXL AT MXW-LOHDOR, OOKH.Niw-LoRDOM, Monday, Dec. 21. The City Hot^l at this place was burned thisforenoon at 1034 o'clock.OUfUlLLB AT EAST BOBTON.Hon, I have possessed myself of all the &ets knowB^and. In justice to all parties, beg to give ttaa la dctalLTeBBCssccWlMrawal 9t tke Matt CartliBa objection could be made |p ibg final extinction of Sla-HOK. DATIS WILMOT AHD TBI CABIXBT, ITC. Sraiiranxis, DL, Monday, Dec. 34.Senator Bakib, of Oregon, and Datio Wilmot,The election fdr delegates to the State Con-On Thursday lastBumeaaunmiaatad ttotetaCHoAcn af tke lease.of Fennsylrania, arrired here from the East thismajority.SECESSION FEELING AT NEW-ORLEANS.BotNn, Monday, Dec 24. The Olendon oil mills and the old Olendon fron works, in East Boston, were destroyed by firethat, should beBoM Stand of GoTcnior Si Houston.CMMaet Indiootioiw from apiingSeUlin part, yet the sentiment was widely spread there that after bis arriral, and spent some fire hours with him Bontbem Rights eandidatea for the Conrention. It,and Blse^iriieTe.action in the South, and he thought it better to have counsel and concerted action in the Senate. He thought that an appeal from the whole South, withgentlemen selected for tbe Cabinet will be stimmonedthe Governor's staff:Gov.Flots's. Bailzt'svMfeisaaeeep^kaaM oi* rery distant oi^Ha-IxdtNHit in Pitttbugh ob the KemoTal tf Ami ta the Sooth.OI7K WASamOTOV DISPATCHES.WimiRMOii. Monday, Dec 34.GorefBor Axdbxw, Senatan Doouttli andTlmnuu, Rafraaentatires Bmumua and Tapmh,aad a namber of ether Senators and nembera of Con-Sreaa, keld a conlierenoe, yeateidaj, at the rooma ofTaaaoia P. BLua, 8r., and nnanlmonaly agreed thatHenry Anthon,Van Vechtsn,Quartermaster-General; Chester A. Arthur, Engin- him he did not consultThe Booth Carolina Selegatian concluded thisBoning to send a eommunleation to the Speaker, an-T^-TK-iiig their withdrawal, and not to appear on thefleer, as they eoneeiTed themselres as baring nolight there. The commnnicatlon created no impres-sion,andrecetrednonoticebeyondbeingread.The takenKansasbadasufficient B^nblieansdeclarethatanofficial receptionofthe Into the Union, and that her Constltutian was properlySovth Carolina Conunissianers will be treason on theSenator AxDsaw JoHSgOK was burned ineffigypart of the President, and his inq)eachnient is being a resolution, which was before the Select Committee, which he wished printed. The resolution provides"tal Hotel,—and the utter failure of all endearors to heard of these acceptanees" until tbe IMlSENATE.futureMil to grant public land and loan the credit of the Goremment to the People's Railroad. Laid on the table and ordered to be printed.pleof the SouthernStates,prepared byTHE POSITION OF MARYLAND.fleaole. Referred to the Select Committee of Thir- teen.Mr. BisLia, of Fennsylrania, (Dem.,J presented the proceedings of a meeting of citizens of Reading, Penn. Also,abillto suppress the inrasion of one State by another, he. Referred to the Select Com- mittee.Mr. Docsus, of Illinois, (Dem.,) presented several amendmenta to the Constitution. Ordered to be Iirinted and referred to the Select Committee.Mr. WasoH, of Massachusetts, (Rep..) introduced a bill for the more effectual suppression of the Slave- trade.This bill proposes to modify the Act of 1820, so as to remedy the objections raised by Judge HoGaATu, of Soutb Carolina. It makes the fitting out of slavers,the Conventton took aHigh School at Melbourne as a Professor, referringthe Trustees to Yale College for hls,identification.not finding himself able to negotiate these ac- ceptances, and being greatly embarrassed peennl-like the sailing of them, piracy-,to theSecretaryon his returaconviction of slave pirates on land and sea, by chang-sel. It releases naval officers from any legalfrom his custody, and converted to private uses. Theovra honor,and to expose the guilty and derelict. He therefore appeals to the House for the appointment ofa Committee, with fuU power to send for persons and papers, and aslis for Investigation, with the view thatConfederation,Under declaration the war of therespon- slbUlty for the capture of sospected slavers and whicheRreevioglnuttyi.on was this at the close of which fought,Herof theuse aSltlahtoesnoruanbdleer mteheanCsontsotiptruetsieornv.e and ppeeroppelte-trooght Jfoitb.Lompactto levyprecipitatefull consultation, and In fraternal concertthe On PUbUcfund.about by acts of the Democrats of the anyeral dissulutUm.would bewar andaPensecola,— condition with crews attached.long and bravely fought against The belief of the South in the enmity of the North came from the most reliableJudiciary Inquirebeen promulgated.and resignations in the army of ihe Uniteda ftom requhrttionaald, bad seetioBallsm.the relations nowernment and the State of South Carolina—from the of sourcesspeechesandwritingsof thethe threatened seuure ofthe United States,in* Federal property Ftillytions of the dulged In bycations of the course to be pursued by them. Whenthis is made known to Bie, I shall be ready to t*kein the six promotions, Infantry fifteen promo- artillerywere., ,hestopping Commissioner BmtbStates issued his warrant, and earlyand to facilitate the•Jie world the immediate causes which led to the act. The Declaration refers to the causes which led to the separation from England, and the declaration ot theVery fortunate termination ofa strange adventure. Naral and Military Intelligence.questingSenator, to be deliveredfrom North Carolina, which request was com- plied with. The investigation yesterday provedSecretary says the enormity of the fraud demands full are not proved to be slarers in the Courts. It en- investigation by Congress, in order to vindicate hisEngland acknowledged them free, sovereign and independentin this matter, and that 1 am not mistaken when America was not charac- cruise. Her service in Southlarges the powers and increases the duties of judicialoScers of the United States in the examination ofships intended to sail for ports in Africa, and in thearrest and examination of colored persons imported lull be done In tneStates.to the words of thethe Union was limited formed,izensI say that, almost unanimously, they intend to uphol9 terized any extraordinary cfrcumstance. When theceptancesRcssiLL, haveIn violation of the laws of tlie country.t'The hour of one o'clockrespected no longerBailitarrived, a question the bill for the admission ofwtution, -and says none of them have complied with thearose whethershould be taken up, which was the special order, orwhether the Senate should proceed to consider thefour guns. be retained in servlcelconditlon,resolution of Mr.ishedbusiness. Mr.latter. The quesUon wasKansas bill and aUowing the floor lo Mr. Nicaoisos.and that the Committee have fulltoin deference to He Is known to be a and no one expecte thathe There are about 100 men on board thehas been and will be here to-morrow. arrested,havingStateshausted—will they consent fo any effort for its disso- lulion.She wUl prob-Jorniaou, of Tennessee, as unfin- NiouoLsoR had the floor on the setUed by taking up thefraud, sendforpersonsandpapers.;Chas Stibmas, may Union man, however,superseded,asth» more than cover the amountof the bondaMr. NicHoisoa, ofHe referred to the speech of the<Wam,) and said that he (Wam,) admitteddid not much blsme the Southern as ODlnion of Congress that SlaverywTennessee, (Dem.,) rose to speak. Senator from Ohioeffected.officers are as followsCommittee M^srs' Morris, of IllinoisSouthern men. ^^Mr. VAUAmiiSHAH, of Ohio, (Dem.,) said Mr. Coon-XAjii's resolution proposed notliing substantial, there- being no opposition to the Secession ticket. TheSl\)t'^t\x>%otkNEW-YORK, TUESDAY, ItECEMBER 25, 1860.ffimeadelphia in 1850. Mu NiCBOLseii here qnoted anticipate the report of the Select Committee, but whatever that rightly ^pertain to a free aad indepen- Eueh a call at^he present time could not fall toereate. THE WASHUGTOlf DEFiLCiTIO.^.THE NATIONAL CRISIS. from the platform of the Republican Party there were other considerations which compelled him dent State.I have tbe honor to be, with great respect, your obe- dientservant, THOS.H.HICKS. Hon. A. U. HaniT, Commissioner of Mississippi.AITalraInCanada.The Latest Federalfiromthe CapitaLMr. FiuHOU's prediction, that the sneoeas of suoh a nartymustcausedisunion. TheRepublicanscon- cede that in the States the Soath b»e a right to hold slave property, but establish a principle, in places where they have the power, which affixes a stigma onthat the South hare to restmatter. TheSpeakerremindedhimthatadebatewasnotinorder.The election IsDXATB—BUIOIDE—HATOBALTT BLICnOS.LoHDon, C, W., Monday, Dee. 24.Dispatchespassingoffin this there city,ArrBAT ADDtoshow topresentthis atthe time. Hehad in renrd to Slavery in the Territories, that It question presentwasthe basis of all sectionalism. He then quoted no confidence in the ^wer of Congress to settle thisREPORTS FROM ALABAMA AND GEORGIA. MoirNoiaaT,Monday,Dec.24.FULL PARTICULARS OF THE TRANSACT lOM.How the Bonds came to be Abetnoted. and for whose Benefit.Arrest of One of the Partiei in Sev-Ttrt.JThe excitement growing out of the raUbeiy of the Indian Trust Funds fnereasas, and as miinnisopen is the professions of a party whose general prfaudplefore he appealed to bira to let it go over tlU Thursday. Mr. Baioes, of New-York (Am.,) moved that ItA man, named was beaten in a Obonsburt,their own States. Suppose that this party XARS withdrew it. out of onegets a majority in both Houses of Con- Mr. KiLeoax. referring to the statements made In seventy-five delegatesgress, they will abolish Slarery In the Dlstriot of the South Carolina Conventton, denied that Indiana nance will probably be passed on tbe Oth of January. HARDine and three others harel>een arrested.is, to disregard the righU of the South outside be referred to the Select Committee—but Mr. Coob- to believe that the separate Seoessionlsta will electrow, on Friday last, by HAasnro, (who shdt youngColumbia, and in ail the arsenals andetc., of the ft>uth, and they will also refuse to admit new Slare States. Is it stnoge, then, that Soatbem men should begin to look out for their own Interests, when, if this sectional power has dominion, it will sorely pngress toward the extinction of Slarery. The trouble is not so much that the Fugitire Slare Law U not enforced, or the equality of the Stalas de- nied, but that a principle is laid down that denies tiM title of Southern men \o property which theyhad ever passed a personal llber^ bllLMr. Mouisof (lU.) said he wanted to obtain thefloor. He represented tlie popular sorereignty princi- ple, which stbod between two fires.The House went into Committee on the Consularand Diplomatic Approp^iatlpn UU.The bill was sabeequently passed vritbout dettate.Adjourned till Thursday.INTEKEBTING FROBI BPIUNGFIBI.D.It is thought that Mississippi will secede on the same day.tion of the Conrentton.The Legislature will assemble on the 14th of Janu-strikes at the rary root of a system iden- tlAed with the interest, prosoerity and safety of the Sooth. He (NnaoLsoii) argued that Mr. LDreoLH hated 81arerT,8nd beliered that the Con- stitotion could be administered in such a way that noVISITORS TO THE PRESIDENT ELECT. ary.rery. Is it strange, then, that the people of the South are alarmed at the election of a candidate for thethe result of tia late election wooid render the of a ConsUtutlonal Unkm Impossible.J. LniBDEH & Co.'Bin this was city,the'hethat a majority of the people of Tennessee would be Impelled to separate from the Union. He (Nicbol-KOT willbanner State in thefire on?rIenlsesrsration are proper guaranteesgiven,thoughttheCabinet, Init no definite position is as yet assigned togiving a construction to the Fugitive Slave law ofspecialorder. Thewholeaddressreceivedhe had determtaed at thethree.Mr. Moxais, of Illinois, (Dem.,) offered a resolutionfor the appointment of a Commlttoe of Five to inquire into the late abstraction of certain bonds from the In- terior Department,, but suffered the resolution to lie over for the present, Mr. SHzaHAji having stated that he had been informed the Secretary of the Interior would send a communication on the subject.Mr. Shi&mah, of Ohio, (Rep.,) from the Committeeand Means, reported the Army Appropria-On motion of Mr. CuAWroan, of Georgia, (Dem.,) it was ordered that when the Honse adjourn to-day it be to Thursday next,Mr. KiLGOBE, of Indiana, (Rep.,) introduced a billsill,ontion bill.vacating thefr positions.. It is imderstood that the Secret Session is to con-fer with the Collector of the port.The Convention adopted the declaration of imme-desire to know whether I will convene the Legisla- ture of Maryland for the purpose of counseling with the constituted authoriUes of^the State of Mississippi, and at what time It may be expected our General .is-hearf of think he must have hearts,Waysished him In their been temporarilycently BankersPolice for WasJunstPni which was referre4 to the Committeeon the District of Columbia.The Speaker laid liefore the Housa a communica-Waiving the repetition of the causes In the past, desire that our Legistature should also appoint Com- FoERisT will, in the course of the > ear, start home- !8th inst,to establish a Metropolitanthe city ofmissioners to meet those of other Southern States byStates for the formation of a new Government am«ng themselves.The posiUon of Maryland, as a small Southern Bor-exercise of Iany power maythese facts, and re- an inrestigatlon. This letter he gave to ashows thattion from the Secretary of the Interior, stating that onIt also makes the ditplay of the Amerlcui as a Saturday last he was informed, by voluntary confes- Colonies that theyder State, renders theposscoi, lor tis purpose indicated by you, a matter ofABRIYAL oring the penalty from death to imprisonment for life.are free and States. independentIn pursuance of this declaration thirteen States proflag badge of nationality by a not legally registered Ameri- can ship, felony, the penalty of which shall be the im-sion of an officer of the Department, that State bjndsvery grave Impoiiance. .. ...,.firm which throughheld in trust by the United States, for the benefit of prisonment of the crew and the forfeiture of the ves- Indians, amoimtlng to $870,000, have been abstractedSubse- quently they entered into a league by the Arti-Southern Slates, in and by the institutions and feelingjustice mayand—stitutional and lawful effort to tsecure them is ex-flagpremises.Mr. SnEEMAic said the Secretary of the Treasury Irom theconsequentlyof the Union. It refers to the;also desired an investigation for the vindicatioa of his Kansas character, and introauced a resolution which Mr.obligationshich violated the fourth article of the Consti-MofisiB, of lUinois, accepted for his own, directingtons burden, and carryingof a Select Committee of Five to in- quire iJito and report the facts in relation to saidof the South Constitution, consequentlyThe people of Maryland are anxious that time t>egiven and an opportunity afforded for a fair aad hon-orable adjustment of the difficulties and grievances ofwhich more than the of other South- they, people anyablypollUcalto-daythe appointmentstipulationsCarolina is absolved from obligation.After detailing the many causes, it then concludes'•The resolution was passed.forth the ace the country, suggestingdangersthe removal of the Slave-wDolphin. Herpreamble, settingtentions, have solemnly declared that the union here-I hope and believe It will be effected— and promptly. And until the effort is found to be in vainill resign.of the House to of the subject Is referred,from the National Councils as a remedy, arid concluding with a resolution expressive of the shall not exist in the people, they be- ter.itory north of 36° SO', and that the States formedState and the other States of North America is at)60lved, and the State ofLieuts. L.coeminent men of the Republican Party, in which he within the limits of that State and ;Uiat heresumed her position among thenations of th e world as a and I shall see of Taylor. ofwhat action Con- would especially Include the Senator from Ohio, gress should take to execute the Constitution andrigid both sides. It was finallywith •I do not doubt the people of Maryland are ready to go with the people of those States for weal or woe.273and dropped, Squadronenforce the laws, andregard to Slarery are not to be questioned. The ure, and that the Committee report at any tfmeadoptedfewPROCLAMATION BY GOV. PICKENS.Newsthe resignation of Lieut. Dooerr, of the Richnumd, steam coivette, which vessel w as at Genoa, Dec. 4.(Wa»i.) The seBtiments of the Northern mind inprotectproperty from seiz-votes.have said as to theWa. H. wh» Rcssiu,opinions on the subject, bu.South entertainsay this fbetild IM no eaus^ of quarrel, as the men who formed the Constitotlon held antagonistic opin- ions, jet they anwd. But vrhat the South complainsand on qipllMttooppositeThe SiuifuehIarnonqau,oifsrom AsplnwaU, was spoken go:ng into Spezzla.atbe MarBsrhiatls's office itnhe ocradrerrisfgoer,the deUrmTOf tooJudge signed of OotemMa. accused to the authorities of the DistrictHe was conveyed to Washington yesterdajraflanom.of now Is thatnese were seized upon in opinionsthat resolution it would be wise to allowunwilling to resort to extreme measures until1 am unable lo inform you when the LegislatureIn the r.uiitodyIt li wallIStfi the byla-Republican Party, political struggle which has a: lastof per- ceive tbe necessity for such a step I am no* willing toThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069contractor foraseize the reins of power. He (NiCBOiBOH) beliered >iat the first fatal stab at the UiIce was made in PhU-,Doenabled them tocumillM^^for unUl I can swakethesiifiokinslnnaadexcitethealarmwhich discoursehaskeenpubUshed,dlan across the plains. suppliesnothing about the defalcation.says,arrived at whence the was aboutwasaboutlearingry questionI cannot or consent, by any precipitateStedman;Paulding.Is, the sovereignty of each State,Interesting speechesassei tempttocompelthembyforcetosubservethe Fed-alTord even the opportunity for suchWhatever powers 1 may have I shall use only afterwith theington. Officer.iJlinm.rsult of the person aUegeddockyardsC.W., Monday, Dae.Secretary Tnoimoa's return, ae matter thoroughly Inrestlgated. It Is siiinnini that Bailit antielpated that Flotd would advlaa aa- nocnuDifis w td stub cmiektion. soa) claimed that nothing but full oonstltntianal guar- Mr. WanoT came by inritation of the President An mass was held st this morning. Loss about 940,000; two-ttalids In- cresy, but, finding himself mistaken, be at caee de-Presidency holding such views t The trouble is that morning. Mr. BaxnCs visit is of a purely priratothe North has estaoUshed a party on the principle that character. Slareryissinfulandoughtnottoexist. He<Nicbol-Nnw-Oauans,Monday,Dee.24.antees would sare the Union. No State was more immense meeting to-nightBured,termined to communicate the easeself, which he did, and at Tbohpbob'b reqaettwwattached to the Union than the State he represented elect, who called upon him at his hotel inuDedlatoly Odd Fellows' Hall to ratlfr the nominations of theTANHSRT AT XISHTILU, TEKH. Nasbtilu, Tenn., Monday, Dec. 24.to Taoane* Ha> examinatton of the raooitW^iBoa) would do all he could to obtain proper guaran- him. Ho returns East this erenlng.rather from a love of disunion per st. He thought that it was the duty of the border States to meet in solemn consultation and nresentthefr demands to the North. But from the course of the Republican or-he had scarcely a ray ol hope that thefr demands would be granted. The chief points in our demand would be the recognition of the right of property in slaves, and the right to hold them in the Territories. Although he had not much hope left, yet he preferred to try if a solemn appeal from the South to the North would not produce a good effect. Mr. Niouolsoh then referred to the ordinance of secession of South Caro- lina as the' act of a sovereign State, saying that he should only allude to it as a fact, not argue whether ItWAR TO THE SOUTH. PiTTSBtnMH, Penn., Monday, Dec. 24.Intense excitement exists here to-day, in conse-quence of its being made public that United StatesQuartermaster Talutuo was negotiating for tbeshipment from the Alleghany Arsenal of serenty-elght guns to Newport, near Galreston Island, Texas,;Edwin D. Morgan, Jr., Ald-de-CampSamuel D.Goremor was busy be theagansIke Integrity of the Union ahould be preserred, was right or wrong. He argued that any resort to force being to strip the Alleghany Arsenal, and place thetkoaghItcostJBiUloaaofUves. bythei>'ederalGovernmentwasequivalenttoadeclar- ation ot war on South Carolina. She had absolved her Fiirate Information reports Got. Hocbtor aa citizens from all allegiance to the United States,and tiie aklngagreat Union speech, in the face of threats, Government could not make war rightfully upon them. He drew a picture of the horrors of civil war,guns where the Secessionists could get them._fiilse^Ar8enal,;declined to give the Press any infonmation aad erentnally carrying with him the largest audl- and urged calmness and consultation on the part of on the subject.secede,The secession exdtemeat Is rapidly Increasing The schooner lizzie Mail, Capt Hablxt, bound Rumors afioat here, that other defalcations an con-aBca erer assembled In Texas. Prominent Repobli- •aaa are moTing here to secure Bovbtok a seat in the Cabinet, as he baa indicated his willingness to accept, Ifneeaaaary to saTC the Union.the Southern States. He concluded by expresong the Awill be held here on from FhiladelDbia to Salem, with a cargo of coal, ing to light originate in the idea that the GoranaMat Thursday nightpowerbehis South Carolinian origin.Mr. NicHoisda here paid an eloquent tributeto the fidelity of the Democrats of the North, who, he substitute ihat the Committee into Judge WiTBiRS, in an able, logical speech, said It was ot any dismemberment of the Union, will suffer moref^'lLTwholesalepl^derofMr. Haskin, of New-York, (Dem.,) proposed as a;States,sincewe,hiK arrival he immediately United States Marshal, exhibitingbetween the Federal Gov-the duty of Department in view of the attemptedGovernors of Srtoatmeostlsioncse the 2d of July last. In the medicalde-of the District of Columbia. Stepaexistingthe authoritiesMr. xithdrawal of tiat State from and rassing.embar- two hours were consumed in verbal altera-hassix promotions, in the rifle regiment one promoJon,to secure the arrest accused, who, it was ascertained, wasthe EiecuUve;point legallyfor thetndl-partmeiittheieimmediately takenthesent to the Select Committee.Mr. CocBRANX desired a vote, and moved a suspen-sionoftherulestoenablehimtoIntroduceMsreso- lution.duclngyesterdaythey were in pursuit of. Mr.Mr. Staktom, of Ohio, wanted Rep.,)the resolution;andDec. 3, The Release, Bloreship, to sSapielzjfioir, iNaples.his hoteLHe wasconroyadtoMr. HoEais, of Illinois, (Dem.,) said beforeLet us show moderation as well as firmness, and hecould, or leave the House to be informed of their ina- bilitytodoso. Hehopedthematterwouldgoover till Monday nextMr. CosioAira leplied that it was not his intention toand as such has a right to levy war, eonelndc peace, ne-known, bss been alargeHe conrheeTlknacowaiutro-thecession, issued a proclamation, proclaimingBushnell, D. D., of Hartford,preached a Thanksgiving sernlon at Clifton Springs, ant Untted States Marshals. Mr. RmsuL,in the course of the day. It Is certain that Mr, Wa,-was the largest congregatton of every party erer as-sembled. Coanuus Fbuowb was President, and desfroyed by speeches were made by Chailxs M. CoraAS, CharusGatarx and others, adrocating immediate secession,tannery, Sunday momlng.present Loss tlOO,000, bonds.duringIgotiote treatieis leaguesrepresentrepublicanmadeagenerally Interesting debate, recess till 7 o'clock.:ETXNISO BXS8IO!7.Mr. DimxiH moved to take up the special order, itall this time his mind was terribly exercisedDuring arlly,and ascertaining from Gobaid Bailit—withbybeingtheordinancetoprovide for a continuanceof aplatform ofprinciples destructive ofourconsutu-that tbe latter and his heart most keenly lacerated by the thought whom he was intimately acquainted—thathisfriendsrejoiced inhisdeparture. Supposing hadconfrolofoverthreemillionsofIndianTrustfundscommercial affvfrs. He mored for a Secret Session, - which was carried.Information was given this morning in the Conven-tional rights, and which, in the opinion of the State of Mississippi, calls for prompt and decisive action, for tbe purpose of our protection and future security.'*that those who had recognized him on the steamerInvested in bonds of different States, arranged vrithoperationtion that several light-house keepers were about necessary to defend our rights, and to tills end, youaffection he prized.His father and other friends, who have ever cher-ceeded to exercise separate sovereignty.Our State is unquestionablyloenuneu Hill 14*clesofbut their sov- retaininghabits which prevail among us. But she is also con- servative, and, above all things devoted to the Unionvessel of the Paraguay Expedition to go out of com- papers or in the investigationthat letter andof spirit,these laAt willbe admitted and se-manythey believeyetSubsequently grantbySt. Lawrence returned to the UnitedThe Declaration declares the States have violated the conpact inthat Union and to maintaintheir under it—that rightsStates she had which was subseqsent-tofore between this existingoniSouth Carolina hasC. W. Fluper:Conkling.oflieved 4hat the North were their enemies. The Re- therefrom shall be aamitted with or without Slavery State, with full power to levy war, conclude peace, such adjustment, and am convinced Uiat the power of West on the llth instant, to sail in three days for Cu- of Indiana.,of Kusaellpublican Party are responsible for this feeling. Senator from Ohio spoke the truth when he saiithe South beliered that the North were their enemies,bait he (NicaouoK,) denied that tlis belief wasas their Constitutions may prescribe, and that south ofthat line Slavery shall not be prohibited by Con- gress or Territorial legislation. The next resolutioncontract alliances, establish commerce, and do othertlie Federal Government is to be to the de-Tne thatacts and things which independent Statesper\-ertedba. The Wyandotte has arrived at PensacoU, wherethe CrusaitT Is also, thus the quiet concen- showingtration of manned naral vessels near Southern ports. The Brooklyn and Dolphin at Norfolk, and the Crusad-laof information ehcitedand that at- anyin theConventionto-day. Messrs.Rhett,Sprattand others, in the course of discussion, declared the opin-co Sm-butdissentingI fully agree with all that younecessity for protection to the rights of the Southmy sympathies are entirely with the gallant people of MitsUsippi, who stand ready to resent any Infringe- mentofthoserights. ButIearnestlyhopetheywill act with prudence as well as with courage.to theand made the basis of Committee of Thirty-three to reach a result, if it world that South Carolina is, and has a right to be, a sity shall leave us no choice.of Mr. Allih, and ime Of the. AiM-do."There were many able andprotection, m Wash-rightInconsequenceAuz.v cune on toais Cifyion that the Fugitive constitutional.Slave law wasunconstitutionaland in the event they,communicated vrith theMxanaxR declared thebeen one in the cavalry promotion,maystruction, instead ofour rights—then^^nd not till then, can I consentNewO^-'*-ofof to to exercise any power with which I as taquietlymost reliable information that I can obtain leads meGor. Mooai issued ato-day, conven- ing the Legislature of Alabama, to provide by State laws for any emergency that may arise from tbe ac-Dec. 34.revolution, rather than^acquiesce. He regretted hasty It is now understood that one after tie other of tbe amid unbounded enthusiasm. The Southern Mar- The following appointments have been made on money,tees, but if all. failed, hewould seeesston or choosewith which to meet certain______a desire to awake the -sentiment of the North, REPORTED REMOVAB OF IMPLEMENTS OFWm. CuylerWKft, «te^ know of him, (TlodJ or make some inquiry. Bailbt said he rBBodonce to doasked whywhom he was dealing.-^ Bailxt repUed that ca one occasion he proposed to Russbll to mentiOB the transaction to Flotd, but that Rnssnx said, " Flotd would shoot me if he knew of our transaction.''Bailit charges that Lia, of| the firm of Suiai, t.»^of could not be resisted sentiment,Jackson, Inspector-General;to pntect Flotd'b honor, although no erer existed. Flotd demanded tounanimityby the North. He regarded the policy of the extreme Southern States as dictated byAdrocate-Generaleer in-Chief 8. whyIntimKyhither. EXCITEaCEMTATPITTBBVSGB.J. Meredith Reed, Jr., Adjutant-General Wm. A. tlon of Mrs. ;Flotd'b-hence he was be aszions,and forty-six more tomouth of the Mississippi River—the apparent objectHanglBc of a Natarlaaa Bnrglar. Hahiuoii, C. W., Monday, Dec. 34.The Sheriff to-day received orders from the Gov- ernment to hang Baows, the notorious burglar, who broke Into Hxmr's store last Summer, andMiO- Stuihotor,ofMaryland,incommand of theis in favor of a central Confederacy if the CottonThe Bckaoaer I4zzle Hal).Squah,It seems tbe points referred to are new forts never here. the Senator from Tennessee, (JoanaoH.) but would armament. The guns are ten inch Colnmbiads, and adopted.ShipIsland, near Balize, at thejewelrysererely injured Mr. Hrhrt in a desperate encoun-The Conrentton meete on the 7th.Mosiu, Monday, Dec. 34.OoBttagrart—The aeparate State se- cetsion ticket In this city is elected by a thousandthe larceny to Secretary Flots, aad Uia^ beggedrice. Flots repUed that he had no adrlee tobut on glrVrention tookplaceto-day.seilles was sung as the banner of the Southern Con- federacy was raised amid reiterated and prolonged cheersforSoothCarolinaandLouisiana.SECESSION FEELING IN VIR6INLA. NoaroLX, Va., Stmday, Dec. 23.The secession leeling here is on the increase. Ashland Hall was again crowded with citizens last night. DisuntonspeechesweredellrsredbyCoLV. D. Gaovxx-and Gen. Joan Ttlib. The speeches were enthusiastically applauded. Gen. Trua concluded with the expression : " Let the Union go to hell !" which was received with loud and repeated cheers.MI88AGK or OOY. LXTCHEB. RicBitoim, Va., Monday, Dec. 24.Got.Lktobxbhas his He fromhisinjuries, completed message.Statesandagainstthe State Conrentl<Hi.N. Dee. 34. J., Monday,meetingMr. Dooum^, of Wisconsin, (Rep.,) said that he yet mounted. These guns were designed for thefr next, at which strong Southern resolutions vrill be csme ashore eight miles north of Bsmegat Inlet is liable for the amotmt of Flots's acceptaacea da-hope of a more perfect Unton at no distant day. desired to make some remarks on the resolutions ofCrew all saved. If tbe weather prores favorable the^^^^^^l/osa of tke Steamer Feytoaa.MuFHiB, Monday, Dee. 34.from Louisville to Naw-Damage lightposited vrith Bajlzt, when no liability is faiTelrad. The acceptances of Flots, referred to, are -txylT memorandums of amounts which would be due Raa- siLL at future periods, upon the performanee of Idaconfract with the Goremment Rosssll asked loronly say a word now about Kansas. He thought if carry thirty-two pounders. Carriages for them are Kansas was admitted into the Unton it would do moreto bring peace to the country than anything else.We beingmadeatWatervliet,New-York.Gen. MooaHSAD, our Member of Congress, immedi- ately telegraphed Mr. Stabtoii, Chairman of the House Committee on Military Al&irs, for information In regard to the matter.Leading Democrats telegr^>hed to Washington to have the orders countermanded, saying that the peo- ple would not allow tbe gtms to be moved.on Kansasand be thought that her admission would do much to allay the excitement jiow exitting and bring the coun-had before the peacelong disputeIwgan,The steamerOrleans, stink 150 miles below here.back to / peace.State,these to show his creditors, to satisfy them of his re- Tke SlysterlaBB IHaappearaaee af Kr. Dc sotirces. Similar memorandums bare been gtren totryMr. CoLuaiB, of Tennont, (R«>.,) advocated thepassage of a bill, claiming that by the census properlySENATORJOHNSONBURNEDINEFFIGY. Mmrais, Tenn., Monday, Dec 34.Porrcst—Heard fra^ at Ijswt.foradmisstonformed, and liable to no objection.Mr. Davtb, of Mississippi (Dem.,) said thai he hadpubliccontractorsforsereralyearspast Thayia- rolreno liability, but enable their holden to galB' credit ButthereoordsshowthatMr.Bahztaarernections,wasofgoodhtblto,anditrrasimposalbUto nlshedRcbsill•CM>,aoaof these bonds. SaeielanA call is In circulation, addressed to tbe Mayor, to aerlosslyconsidered. thatamendmentst>emadetotheConstitutiondeclar- conveneameetingofthecitizenstotakeaetianinin this city on Saturday nightMR.WEED'SVISITTOMR.LINCOLN. detectanytraceofhim. HehadrerylespeclaMecon- Inst, prior to which time be bad te-Hr.Xaaeiaa,thenewFrenchMinister,hasjustre- ingthatpropertyinslaresberecognizedasmuchand.From tke Albany Eveming JoumaLSince the hare made our recent risit to newsp^iersSpringfield tbe occasion of resaark, it may not be im-proper to say thai'«n4nterHar with Mr«Lzao«ji hae confirmed and strengthaned aur confidence hi his fit for the high postHon he Is to occupy i of his emi-•elTed Imperial permission to add the euphoniousMbMswUb.Baaaa Wimaanw, Swedish Minister, Is trans-fsrred from Waahington to the Hague, with the rank atMinisterPlenipotentiary. O.P.Q.SIBPATOH to IHX AMOOIATIO TSMBS. WAsanieToa, Monday, Dec 24.There is good authority for saying that the South Carolina Commissioners left Charleston for this city this morning.stand on the same footing In all federal and constitu- the matter. Tbe call is signed by promlneat megs ofaccount for his sudden absence. The general beliefFlots called Baiut's attentioa to tUi Ae^ aad.tional relations as any other of property speciesof "da I/Ostaad" to Us name. He tims keeoasesJbaaaBnnX'Osnan—tke latter baing theaaaseor such property be hnpanMinaStaie or Territory. Or-.that such property shall not be snbieet to be limciairad by anyloni Ikwte spy gtyi, i^thattoBO—seshanThe a feeling against allowingor had faUan Into the lirer duiag some momentary attack af insanity. The last Australian mall, howerer, has bnmgtat let- ters which place beyond doubt the fact that ha is His as rela-dered tone printed.On motion of Mr. Gan>, of Missouri, (Dem.,) thebill for the admission of Kansas was then postponed, and made the special order for Monday next.Adjourned till Thursday.BOUS^ OF REPRESENTATIVES.The laid before the House a letter Speakersigned by Messrs. McQniiic, Bohhaii, Boioi and Ash-alire and in his right ndnd.ted by hisucif, is most interesting, and in a CondensedoBi, of South Carolina, as follows:left for New-York this afternoon to identify ttte Bailit Is imder bonds.The members constitute the followingbon^Sib portunitybehind himward-resultedordinance that thein the largest sense of the term. He has readHarris ofandO. P. «J.:entirepopulationOur readersremember the;allbe removed South ta almost unanimous.guB to..the Du-was that he bad been murdered,—*meetingof cttixena will be heldsit,first «63e,0aa had iom to pw "aee^t-The Speaker has directed the names of the South the inteUicence, of making known to your Gov. PiBXT, of Florida, now in the city, to a seat on the head and heart of A««»niii Lncour are concernspecialCaitdina members to be retained on the roll, thus nothonorable body that the people of the State of South Carolina, in their sovereign capacity, havethe floor of the Convention. Mr. Maorath introduceded, to regret the confidence they have reposed in himamotmt of tMO. While on the passage, he found to his infinite terror that he was an object of notice from several persons whom he had known in early life as factory hands in histue conduct of their State as severing Iheir connection with the House, as they themselres asalntaln. __^.^^___the powers heretofore delegated by themto the Federal Government of the United States, andhave thereby dissolved our connection with the Houseof Represeniives In taking leave of those with whom miralty and maritime jurisdiction for all offences, as digesting Its uieory and principles. His mind Is at we have been associated in a common agency, we, as once philosophical and practical. He sees all who goceny: Bococx of Indiana.teoogniziaganJudges of the Coutts take cognizance in cases in ad-CONGKBSSIONAI. KOCEXDINOS. well as the people of our Commonwealth, desire to under the laws of the United States, hereafter. Re- there, hears all they have to say, talks freely withcisco with nothing to do, with no friends,andwithoutDispatch to the Associated Prsas.do so with a feeling of mutual regard and respect forbut Judge thhiks and acts by himself. Our only regret is, that Hr. Lincouc could not have taken the helm of state,WAsmaeios,—each other cherismng the hopeferred to a Committee on a Constitution, withhe sufferedfrom privation, but from tbe inclemency of theMonday,that in ourrelations we may t>etter enjoy that peace and harmony Maorath added.money. Consequentlymuch,notonlyHi.FiSBBiriiKil,ofMaine,(Rep.,)introduceda essentialtothehappinessofafreeandenlightened Mr.Rhittmovedtotake theaddresstothepeople.JOHN MoQUEEN, M. L. BONHAM, W. W. BOYCE, J.D.ASHMORE.peo- the Com- mittee. It was taken up and several amendmentaDecember.earn bis board and lodging on a ranch at some dis-To the Speaker of the House of Representatives. Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.Mr. Moou, of Kentucky, (Am.,) introduced a bill,proposed.The deslaration of causes which justify the seees-C03IIIIS8IONXB rBOK KlgSISSIFPI. StATX or MAaTLAHD, EZICUTIVI Chahbu, ) Amarous, Dec. 19, 1800. )and as he was a graduate of Yale College, it Is fafr toMr. Puea, of Ohio, (Dem.,) oilered a joint resolu-tion in regard to holding a Conrention for proposingamendmentstotheConstitution,andrequestingthe•ereral States to call the Conrention as soon as prac- 1793. Referred to the Select Committee of Thirty- innumerable alterations. After a lengthy and not sippl. In pursuance of a resolution of her Legislature,that ne continued a year, by which time he had sared sufficient to enable him to buy a passage ticket forglren conditionally, in accordance vrith the usualparties.wisbedtoknow if Oetect Va (Flots's) honor. Tbeaahad basatlssa sat at diiferent times, running back to last July. On fbc IStb Inst, when Russill deposited Flotd'sances," or memorandums, that during the next year there would be due Rcsszll 9S00,000on his eootraat with the Government Russill got (2ao,MM aMaw,Thequesne dep^ on Wednesday.Ashippedthisballs and caralry accoutrements hare already beenreport prerallserenlngthat; of his enlightened appreciation of the difficulties andSooth.dangersthatsurroundfrom all the States, an enforcement of the laws andTHE SOUTHCAROLINACbahlxstoh, Monday, Dec. 24.Obedience to the Constitutionest and inflexible derotion to tbe principles and sym- pathies of Republicanism.We avail ourselves of the earliest op-since the official communication of After prayer, a resolution was adopted Inriting The American People will not hare cause, so far asston of South Carolina from the Federal Union wasup asfond, that about fire months ago Wv. £. Russill, of tb» firm of Majors, Rdssill A Wasbill, bald aboiti amuskets, shells,CONVENTION.;VOLUNTEERS FOR SOUT^ CAROLINA. CnAXLiSTOir, Monday, Dec. 24.A company of eighty men arrived fjrom Saran- nah yesterday and tendered their serrioes to the Gor-vessel will be saved.emorin the name of tbe Minuteof theSons of the South.men, orKesenst qualifications for the greV trust reposed In himexperience,form we presentTHE SECESSION MOTEMENT. constitutional duties ; of his determination to requfre. longer lored him or cared for him, and that they making the total stolen $870,000.us of his desire that the ;Ittoourreaders. ComingtothisCity heputupattbeMetropolitanHotel. Whiletherehe becime oppressed vrith the feeling that his friends noFree States, if Id anything delinquent, should fulfill their"He is not only honest and true," but he is capable-Morris of Illinois, CoaiLna ofNew-Torit,capablemuch and thought much of Goremment, " Inwardlyand deeming that and ever after retained it He landed at San Fran-Vlrglnta,Maryland,Casa oC"native village,he had t>een discovered, he reassumed his own nameSira Commissioner to the State of Marrland, and that the occasion of your miseton is "tbe pRsent crisis in the national affairs of this country, and the danger which impends the safety and rights of the Southern States,leason of the election of a sectional candidate to the office of President of the United States, and uponcourse of business for transportiag supplies of the outset to go. He at once found employment in the army under contract vrith the Goremment Mr. Eos-semblywill be called for that p pose.and finally, of his earn-would be glad to know of bis death. Having ample means with him he procured a passage to San Fran- cisco under an . assumed name, and departedMr. Killt, Chief Clerk of the Interior Department,diate causes which induced and justified the seces- you were good enough to eipltdn more fully the a perfect understanding subsists with all parties Am- worth ofsion of South Carolina from the ITnlon. views and Intentions ofMlssissiijpi in this matter—her fundB have been remitted to Melbourne, and Dt pleadditional—in all $870,000. On the he addressed a letter to the Secretary of;she declares to the remaining States and Nations of and that action at once be had all the Southern ward tid India and the continent This is certainly a the Interior, frankly impartingabsolves the rest cured and that not until it is certain they will beof the squadron,em Slate, have a right to complain. And, in my opin- whicn now men- to the Supreme Judge of the world for rectitude of In- tinuance and perpetuity such adjustment may beItU the Government is prDtected, thoughtWe, therefore, the people of South Carolina, be-JOHH CocHaAWS, of New-York, (Dem.,) offered a ing delegates to the Conventton assembled, appealing ion, if the people of this Union really desire its con-until Con- not every honorable,is thewas artested at the instance of ment, and req-.dred to give bail in therevolutionary action, to aid in the dismemberment of tliis Unijn.; Han-is, of Maryland,Nea^nYdoCraiste..Qoupced by telegraph, arrived at Noriolk on Sunday, Co. compose the Banktogfrom the coast of Brazil. The Dolphin Is the last the negotiation was transacted. Nothing either in tbaseparate Independent When clearly that there is no hope The United States steamer Mohawk was at Key Bocock, Virginia;other borderthan all others combined.1 am now in correspondence with thethose States, and I await with solici'udeaddress. The most criticism was in- such tteps as our duty and Interest shall demand, andThe total casuaiities were as follows tions. I.:CBARUISToa, Monday, Dec. 24. Gov. PicKXMS has, agreeably to the ordinance of se-separate, sovereign, free and independent StUnorcovenants,aaddoattitleedentthisStatewillbecalledwww.fultonhistory.combeingused for theam investedThe Arresttogether,rican Slavery, on tMs Continent,wasdoomed. Theaprooeeiling.all in active service General Order No. 34 of the War Department hasIt is a of the deaths. synopsisto be impHca-neces-—Rev. Horace"N. Y., in which he argued, from the census, thtt Af-HAiiii.rac,Fbane STUtBon, aged ]! years, son of ThomasSnasoii, an extensire e^ttalist, oouunitted suicide this moming by shooUng himself through' the head with a plstoLHxsRT McKmsTRT, Esq., was elected Mayer this morning by acclamation.the V«v-ToAAustralia,- to which' pointTbe G«TenMr>s Staff. Albart, Monday,statement to Taoarsoii is, that he was pA-JudgeOakley Van^rpool, Surgeon-Gen- eral ; Thomas B. Van Bnren, Paymaster-General ;Elliott F. Shepard, do. ; LInsley, Military Secretary.John H.Bradford, do.;Peytona,;in- terest excited three years ago by the mysterious dis- appearance of young Dz Foaaasr from the Metropoll-probablygeneralhisrobe and all the money he had over, to thethither, leavingeverybody, reads whatever is written to himassuccessortoMr.Bscbakaii,onthefirstMondayin weather,andwasheartilygladofanopportunityto latealHttractlonofthebondsoftbeIndianTnist;tance from the city. Not content, howerer, with this RIPLTorTHIaOVXBNOBOTKJJtTLAKDTOTHE life,hemadeasuccessfulattemptatteachingschool,million of dollars of the official acceptances of tbe presume he found the employment more congenial. At Secretary of War. These acceptances had beenYour letter of the 18th instant Informs me that you have been appointed by tbe Governor of Missts-have about half a million of dol- these bonds to be hypothecated in New-Tork, and as secvulty for which, be gave Bailst the ac- ceptances of the War Department, which Bailbt placed in the safe where the bonds srere kept Re- these bonds have greatly depreciated, aad tka in New-York who made advances on Stem, all parties have been exchanged, and the entire mat- therefore, called for additional security. BxiLar, la In tne conversation 1 had w..:, you this morning, ter satisfactorily adjusted, it Is gratifying to know thit order to save the bonds, dellrered over fSM,0.&Yon also Inform me that' Mississippi desfres the co-Eastern papersforadvertisements,butof her sister States of the South in measuresthe seeing none, concluded that he was indeed forsaken by all whosehim to let him lars iwould have written home,carefullyer and at Wyandotte; ferred, f; rroemsitghnedM,edl;insane;and now that letters fromthe widelyturnedovertotheCon«Tfs.<. TheDolphin smaUest vessel in the regular Navy, being only 224he watched;so, hebut as thedid not send-bto-word by RiinBi,wlfbAter. A reprieve was expected, as HnuT recovered abstracting these bonds, for the purpose of psotecUagTBE DOLPHIN FBOM BBAZIt.The United States brig-of-war Dolphin, as an- the frulh of these statemtnts. LuiiR, Lia <*any parties mission. She left Norfolk in the Winter of 1858, and except those immediately concerned In this bosliiess in a week after joined Com. SacsRicx's fleet in La as above related, are in the slightest manner coBcem- wuialtle thefe. I think 1 Imow the sentiments of her cit- Plata, where she has spent the greater part of her ed In the transactions. It may be stated that the ac- of the Secretary of War hare been girea from time to time in compliance vrith a ctmtraet with Matorb & Co., and until recently that firm had no difficulty In negotiating them. To-day the Govern- sum of $3,00<» for appearance at tbe next term of the Criminal Court from the two detoc- stite that Russilluntilmatters begin to look brighter. Her Commander, Uves sent to New-York yesterday,Com. C. H. E. P. WlUlams and Passed Assistant- Surgeon, John Y.^trans- tdeireida,nean announcesat the Everett.United:"'Th^t^iial InvestigationBpeoial Dispateh1A dispatchreceived hereacceptances^emtaWASBnraioa, Moadir, Dee. 94.reporta are cnri-ent, of implicating partieshigh pari^Bailxt'bsuaded to loan the bonds to be hypodwcalM ftrof thisFlotd'screditwhichFlotschargestobeallhis cradit being in no way inrolred, and it being otiy a pretext to eorer up rascality.Co., bankers,City,Induced btanto e^meinCosi- mittee of the House appointed to Investigate the lar.Dee. 34. It appears from the facts in connectkBi with th»House.moming tbe officers found the personh^ ofnst  