iliiipalitiit rrits the roll."the side of " fionj Uepubiican CalltoIngraces.presentfirstforehead, long straight nose, thin and ratber•onlyasTOL. Lt—^O. 3609.NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY, PEBRUAtlY 1, ISSa fbe regratkt soch aunlfeitatioas. If, beItbietatedatpltcoal le aaliii laliaul He i Field >ty lejMUtlcal milalpiFreaaOarOwaOerreareadeat. WAauiaaloa, Monday, Jsa. St.int^The most intenae excitement pervaded all raaks and clasaes this morning—those ontalde pollUcal cir-T —:w^ •J 5:,T<Mad^,JkB.>fc.- or til* gnat pntiM mlisMi their lA^.of the Constitution? Be argued to this to say—when he made up his mind to vote for a riM* the thing impracticable. There was not a Democrat he bad never been able to discover any TC^aaetable form of civilization that ever existed remarkable difference between gentlemen on thatB not originally based on the instltation o side. [Laughter.) He thought when he votwl forelected 1^ Us vote be woald give it ;might have complttlied after(•clu, U«t BT«nlnt. »fUr frtlng ib—t •lad «• Mr. HoCunuxs, althoiMk OWMlMaiviafRNdJwlgaLAUuWibttfMd Slavery, had prospered. Slavery was cessity should arise for voting for a Democrat, with-to faror;this presnmpOon. H IjWIIaaiVMOi dCBoaatratod tfea hat tbat with nun Iha Dcnocncy wen wUppad, laditecourse of the North, If itcoold not carry ont grovlsions of the Constltatlon, was to propose a,,.oT Xoulatap^ (Dem.,) concmred iniag Acton.•ad•xpiidtlMBuelTta. Mr.PimiMymight preserveUnion, and avoid the consclentlons scrupleslieve Mr. DocQLAS to be consistent from a local ne-et(e beftrf IndlMa—Btlaait, tetBembeis' seats when, suddenly wheeling,editors and active politlcianj.Well see," and pre-Insisting, with stolenof every one.of obtaining the vote of Mr. Riaos.the Repablicansaaxt looked to Mr. Hiaan, of Maryland, to follow inHevotedforthat ." with real water, and thatgrowred—fandiH|)|>oiBtmeDtwitharealhorse the ;ing, and Secretary Cobb gives one to-morrow evening.political organizations constituting tills House, for thecourse,He could vote without or to know knowing caringsubscribertothewhich i-sdoors—the flying fair ones casting Paitiiian glaaoes,From Another Correspondent,;and all. to and others seeking refugeWASQwoToa, Tuesday, Jan. 31. The change of the Anti-Bepublican candidate for Speaker this morning broke the Southern alliauce.sidingflag liiinseif therepresentativeof suchprinciples?"An-offer a level front of artiliery against all In broadclothfamme uuinliiiiM> to dte tntt* iMtbe made In when he became the leader la the legislative meas- ures wliich resulted in the repeal of tbe Missouri Mr. Docolas never avoided the respoa-fODily tbrwazd.; iad^Cnaatl toflstter; aodabidrto t^ifaMof^^t naMI « 8mm—to resist foreign encroachment ; but he be- lere was no necessity for this. There was nochoice of candldatea waa as a choice between the ty- fever and tbe amail He badSurrendering all hopedorsing forthatgentleman.opinlons,hecongtatolated when he had finished. The vote of a and gratefulBabb. Cox, Vallandioham, McBBis and Fbsdletcs. The fact is that Mr. Smith,orgazdzatioB of the House. SENATE.N.bair,next referred to the Per»on«l Liberty L«w« Wllhoatlotcndingtointerrogate anygenUeman, (ke Northern Statea, the higher Uw doctrlae, distinctly announced that he could not cast his vote '_ Ai noBinatian by the same p«ity, In the House, for Speaker itor any one who enterUins the doctrine Qk%|or an Indorser of the Helper Book, etc. of Popular Sovereignty as applied to the Territorleathe appealsaid, American character and toadjeomoent,whOata-dar laree waa to It.floor be excepted from tbepihHcanshere made to adioom. II«1?2?".'^ now, wiu you consent tolvota to-oMU-and tedionily useless fauAands. nc ptnely, bMncipation —general decaynHbgHiding. Her own intereets ought to Induce the•n«i' Wiheto estak the iMponsa. He denied that the system.pollUcah powercratic side wheaevtr it could be made to sideis Indulged in sagacious winkB and shoulder- Bnt the war ofappear that his vcrte would elect him, aad crinoline is renewed by'" anddeath had arrived he preferred to die among his kin-offered, uttering oracolarly,fcrt^MM*^ dolr, aid tantke footsteps of Us colleagae. This falling, Mr- been Improved by contact with Slavery. In conclu- ter.] sion, he asked, If there was no Irrepressible conflict,that no shall have their haads CongressmanAsam, of Kentaeky, was urged to come to thewhy keep op agitation ? If the Constitution wereHBcae, but be also declined voting to secure an or- faltMullycarried out, there would be nodifficulty.—latd he would voto Nf aav-aflkt<Mlifaat^lba Repahlioan or-tion. He believed there might be a conMera- which someofthebenefitsMr!bM,iDrKk*2iMiM,MMadtei.)Krivmupaniomlaia gives Oils idea oesataaaiiea. -tgy nets (U nod tbewhose Utile tairade of a ft<»««i(i fnm obcerratlon, baa agala altowetf It-OTjhrmedofIke North. It might be necessary to form three or cessity, growing out of the steplisller boimd looser bonds, and tTnlosa, byISM, cratic in a mass would come to his Partyhonor which they have endeavored to confer upon Q. rac, by placing ine in the chair, and entrusting roe with the high and important responsibility of pre-what politics Mr. McClxbhabd sustains or supports.character- not"as Ihty retire—some for goirgoul goodgiven upSome of the South Americans treated Mr. Mc- ual who stood on national and broad comprehensiveNow, tbe course of Mr. Ashmobb might be explain- If he w-ere an Italian countet tenor, or ceemeo tn other respecte to lack thereupon inscribed, those chivalrous emotions which are ttie tmast of hisCuaiAas badly. Nearly all of the South Carolinawill make Mr. PxHiaaoTOS Speaker. Further delay of so large a vote as was conferred on me, Isaid one word but for Mr. Hill, who interposed an ob- Mr. M(:CLKB:iArtD was for his country, above all al-of theparty wishing State. But the recording pen of history must testifysense of theMr. WisTiE D.\vi3 for Mr. Px5!ii!ioto!i caused pro- under which gentlemen have placed me. But with-Messrs. Bsjoes and RieGs.who voted for McCLxazTAXD. The various speeches in explanation, and the ballot> consumed three hours. A second ballot to-night wasto go into any matters of detail, I will here take the liberty of saying that I am satisficl that the presenta- tion of my name longer before this would notthey were met with the suggestion ot another name obtyhtehremgeemnbtelremoafntfhreo.m\iGneorrlgciana. (Hill,) and thteon anTbe result was aimouneed :to Jambs Bichanak—a of con- Whig veryJoB-N H. KiLLiKCEB, of Pennsylvania, thei movedbody contribute toward the success or wishes of those gen- opposed by Mr. Wmsiow, the leader on the Demo- tlemen who have so cordially and steadily sustained cratic side, but without fuU consultation. It is now me. I therefore beg leave, before another ballot Is •aid be acted on request of Messrs. Baiaas and Rioos, taken, to withdraw my name as a candidate before this body, and to say that I hope that the indications which are now presenting themselves may be the harbingers of the return of good wiilv among all thespeaker's eye against Mr. Robibt Ttlsb. who shades of political opinion. He repeated that Demo- Mr. McClernand of llUnols, (Dem.) 91 Personally, this last Illustrious vindicator of the very active in tbe button-holing and political-mes-wbo did not want to change their votes at present. The defeat of Mr. Shxkvan Is construed here as damaging Mr. Siwaxd for the Chicago nomination. The friends of CAvnox and Batis, if not preferringPassiKOTos, expect to benefit by his election.It is whispered that Mr. Wistie Davis wlU favorthe Feniisy Iranian.The Secretary of the Treasury cxiiects to disburse90,OOO,OCO from the Sub-Treatuiy a f«w uays after ttieon him all the conservative elemente. If he and lower face a brown (Mr. Reaoan. of Texas, (Dem.,) said there had been a combination of various elemeiits of the House with the view of securing for Speaker a man of national and conservative character. Tbe Democrats, he trusted, have a nam'e for liberality and readiness for any sacrifice which the present condition of theWhen the name of thefrom North Carolina, (Mr. Smith,) though differing with the great body of the Democrats, was presented, to carry out the provisions of the filteenth article of they supported hixn, satisfied that hie purpose, was.Schwflrt-/.in tl.c line of politics. There were no two tilings la SpaaldiufT. Si'inner. Starton. Stevens. Bcrauton. Sher- tion, lie bears ail the external traits of a good-lcm- plexlon. He speaks well, and with good em^^iaeisWASHinaToii, Tuesday, Jan. 31.A conmiunication vras received from the Cora-mtatoner of Patents, transmitting the meteorologicalit mlcht a^ rontidriitly be said no two minds are alike.—a very large upper part to tls head, small features, iaige light- blue eyes, an irregular yellowish beard, ligatteewaobaarvations for 1899, which be thought of sufficient iatarest to be printed. Referred.presentsa,Mr. Ivxxsoa, of Georgia, (Dem.,) introduced a billhe was aWestern Democrat, and bad voted for Mr. Smith for Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mitsisslppi. Dejamettc.reasons which he steted on Friday, without embar- Dimmick, Kdmunson, English. Florence, Fauke.Gar-view*, bjakekai- the pink and golden currents overflowing in all direc- acter amongst those who know liln besL Hii vaicethe treaty with Mexico.Mr. FncB, of Indiana, (Dem.,) introduced a resolu-;rassment and without reluctance. He had so voted nett, Gartrell, Hamilton, llarrit of Virginia. Hawkins, Senatorial and Congressional crinoline Mr. Vak Wtcx that thispoint, appealHeaaga aad ace ompaoylng documents. Adopted. another gentleman they thought they have a right tomale department, andrustlingirresistiblepene- At thisthe gallery opposite.eCBtaeroc, he malJb. Oiaos, of Iowa, (Rep.,) asked to be excused thai serving on the Committee on Private Land Claims. Granted.expectcorrespondent fcn^rs of baoMoie*Mr. DocoLAS' resolution was called IIusTia, of VlrgiiUa, (Dem.-,) spoke.and Mr.to right and left, and^dosens of solenin Repicicntatives .slauding on guard around the treasuies. I'uder the wings of these femi- Initteiflicf. dozens and hundreds of malebeing handed rather roughly out of the gallery, downmost, byzens who inhabit that densely-packed region.Mr. ilcMia said Mr. Douglas' resolution in itselfwas a on the a commentary times. It was resolutionthe next ballot was a foregone conclusion, be (Val- —6itiBX" Dato, ofweal Into statistics to show how greatly tlie North iswith a full it is that the understanding impossiblepolitical cpinions of all men can be accommodated,Mr.atedthe House and the country oa the fact thatFor Mr. McClernand.lienellted by the products of the South, in thesolid walls ofnfUabtiw'hatbem toforeignand domestic markets and manufac-gentleman,were informed at an of to vote. early day—and eyes a palpitating, anxious, overheated mass oftmlng them. Four to five millions of Northern peo-ple are sustained by these products, in manufaciurlngand navigating interests. Heavy duties have beenUid In past times to protect American manufactures.The locaUon of the United States Bank at the Northwould preside with honor and to himself and dignityto the satisfaction of the House. He therefore nomi- nated Mr. McClirsard, of Illinois.Speaker. Theythe session tliat there was to be a smoking out pro-Mr. Ploexsci said that tliey had better adjourn,and of the fact that the reminded the UepublieansDemocrats last Friday coiisenied to adjourn at theirItpressin request.—all pressing and crowding on those in front,while be spoke.their uttermostcloak-rooms sallied out in timU little parties, tmre-uponan actual case of'•MAH till Gabriel blowcd hiswasp.slivery.specialbusinesstobeinattendance. Eventhemem-Lei.-- ale pushed from their seate by the awkward bro-iijers ol graeeful sisters, the gawky sons of delightfulmothers, the tedious and useless husbands of posi- on his bed." This over, Wabxxii Wihsiow aaaa^ tively fasi-inating wives. All is confusion and con- a viva voce rote—and then came the mocaentof daep- versation, compliments and outside pressure. The tst and most solemn interest in this coBtoat,up,As to his (Etbibidox's) that the result of fVi/mfr—Messrs. Anderson and Adams of prophecy, Kentucky, Harris of Maryland. Mallory and Webstermarriageable daughterspresentedpower there. Ainerlcans, as their candidate. In defer-from resolutioncontributed to hasten the concentration of commercialthe Southern The action of the South Is naturaUy ence to the viewsPennsylvania now felt the effect of It. Hismorrow. •the white-headed Tuomas G. Da-Sneaker, but theriblehas been saved froni »ter-•onKrvaiive. Its- InteresU to in thelead it economy the olijeii of that side of the House to make anthese Speake-.the election of a(Dem.) asked to be ex- demanded the \eas and Nays.vipsoa,ofLouisiana,guJJaJUMkM one"^5^o^f?a /of.ad^istratioi.purposedefeatingtheeven the gentleman would enjoy. Hehad heard of aThis is a bombshell into the heart of",-Ranters,of the "^ "^ferred to the assaulte on thetlie silkencircles,metaphor.«=»""f«of the South neverGovernment. The tion for the ofHe wished an anecdote, which tills House. to tellmembers and entitled to'the floor be instructed thosjbHp show-s.that theRepu^(luiiar of protection except a few sugarto withdrawIwhohe found be fired,the turof voting.constituted but a smaU;and run, with one wingmerf'^ijT' ^"^"^Z-Sooth by the North, viz.: theber of the Democraticsupport. So far a» he ha* beenfell, butgot upbroken;FlobiscbUM alniM of the right or petition inadvised,one consolation— you will have to roost lower the re-ttoDof Slavery in the Districtwbere, aad the suppression of thethe States.. The latter wa., necessary for the moralmainder of life." [Laughter.]or less of There is a flutter and acerbity. all round•and of the physical improvementthat the were distracted, and wanted RepublicansAttnbjrnegro, as it carried natural law to a cUiaatc beuerT^nltories were quite as obnoxious to as himmanyportion Missouri Restrictton,sultedwiththe.Soudiem astowhatmem- onthe ofahightreetheoverthisbody. Whenof self-sacrifice must have been incurred, how muchMcClxrnand was elected to fill a said on the other side Uiat that , wherein they (so to speak) barricade themselves, andhaveconcentrate the votes of this House on some individ-a political friend of Docolas.Mr. Noel said something which was not heard.Mr. BtRHETT, of Kentucky, (Dem.,) called him to have not broken his leg. If we do not elect on this by liie great Smith's Congressional goi-father, the ed if he were old and ugly—gentlemenJohn Shebha.*!, ihc Indorser of the Helper book, if we This political catechism having thus been answeredground, and when I remember that 1, myself, with aorder.Mr. ETHEBipr.i remarked that he would not havetrial, the Black Republicans will on the next.Mr. of Ktntueky, (Dem.,) said the vole for SIMMS,docutrent Itself, w ith the answerswas submitted to theprivate life, when my public service shall have ended,who had not yet cast their vote5.|He belonged to the most extreme wing of Southern politicians. He did not indorse the opinions of every man he had votedin so Messrs. doing bynave been of that inflammable, knight-errant material wlUch can never judge calmlv or actdlspaasionateiy, when imderithe Influence of beauty, which te aootberabidingdeep obligationStates of the and inConfederacy, that preserving in-tact and inviolate the Constitution we may find the guarantee of the rights of every part of our Confed- eracy, in our glorious and blessed Union, perpetu- ated to the remotest of time.preferenc€s,he would not hare voted for Mr. Botxlbb, wln. Covode. Curtis, Davip of MarjUnd, Dawes, De- skin perfectly freeMr. Matsabs or Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, whose lano. Duell, Pann, Edjerton, Edwards. Elliott, Ely. who labors moderately as a lawyer, but without al- RAKX, Republican, were absent without ]Mi>B.periodMr. Smith, at the conclusion of bis remarks, wasI'\'[Applause.) privittriy congratulated by many of his friends.Houre who had hitherto tlie opposedMcKcan. Mc- McKnight,of man, with occasional shot-gleams of genial andSpiritualismhad wrinkled his face into its pieaentgentlemanto maintain the Constitution and the integrity of the Government. They voted for him on Friday, and thrice yesterday. "Tiiey were now satisfied he couldwhich rather fallsif the teeth beneath it were not of Qieasaal^a. MX.country requires.Is as the organ of the House, and It Is onlySpeaker that he Is responsible to the House.hair,and anupper lipiaantd,aatioo to print 1S,000 extra copies of the President's receive no more votes. In presenting the name of Smith had not been elected. He should be glad to seepaired during flcans.that those differing in political sentiment from him would make a sacrifice of their personal andYourbut he sees a pair1 recollect -how muchvacancy. boastfullyMr. Etbibjdcx replied that did not matter. He was trails in the dust, but it is the Republican fl-ag ttiatin the effort to patrioticsocial of thethe noise and confusion in the South will be foimd tOimean nothing when the Charleston Convention meet,;while the^-<!.'-'-.!( ke had the power to end the contest by voting for trusted that the noble band of Northern Democrate, Mr. ETBxaisoi said he might refer to Jork Coch- he would vole for Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.minister the Goremroent according to the Constitu- noiTow, he too would cast his vote for Mr. Pxxsnta- tion, the South would not hesitate a moment to takela*. If Mr. Oatis stood firm. He would hare done care of herself. Adjourned.of New-rightj highThe so-calledvoted for Wm. N. H. Smith, of North Carolina, weieshe, whose fatal good-natnre-^wUeh k* fsrgives—Jtired and pteasantly misled 1dm Into Aa greatethethe great Joca D. of that ilk Asaaoia, of Soi^to-day had the Democrats allowed another ballot to be taken, but tMs Ibey refused, as'cryml ramond that.Mr. S»u,woaTB, of Alabama,woald arrive in the moroing. We have already ru-ors as to the Chairmanship of several Committees— the floorsjjected the manly steel of toe gentleman, but everyblow aimed at tbe Democracy bad been warded oD.and it stood manlike in its colossal strength. [Laugh-ter.) While he had seen the prwjpectof comlag defeat,as foreshadowed by his friend from Tennessee, rote, and alluded to Mr. Datis. of,Marylaud, who RepublicansitTliegalleriesareasdenselycrowdedasyester- day. The excitement to-day is not so intense, nor ishave some pretext for joining in a rote to obtain tiie Plurality Rule. The game was, that enough People's should vote with the Americans to electSaiaiiAB at the head of the Cooi- being jdacedfirmly impressedprinciples which bad upheld blm tiius far, and if be Mr. Smith,on the of i& fwtaMm* aad now bel- understandingsligerent ribbons. Skirts matle In all diraaVoaa a*they are somewhat venomouuy gatbetad op; tbat' Mr.^Itteeof Ways and Means, and Mr. Buauso^ai thetheir Southern brethren in for votingpreventPennsylvania Republicans took care to represent Mr. drawn from Ite star engagement. Theyaoagdrladias Smith as a Know-Nothlng—a representation false in half rise from toeir seats, but are i< iliiliaiillg tkeof•<:aatBatttee on Foreign Aftirs. The cliancesnow are was a call of the House. It appeared that the fol- Democracy. [Laugliter.] He felt no agony, not a Mr. VAat Mr. FoaazT will be elected Clerk, as the Repub- lowing gentlemen were absentHaaaa will mpport him. Nothing is said of the other Stallwotth, Brown of Kentucky, Sickles, Kunkle, iiamii, and It wUl be difficult to oust the present Somes, and Clark B. Cochrane. The two last areand Poetmaster. The excitement Republicans.from bis own eye tiefore he attempted to see the roote in the eye of the Democracy. [Laughter.]Kir. Etukbidoe that the position of the gen- replied. .Mr.ABBAiB.ofNew-Jersey,(.\nti-LecomptonDem.,) laid that he was not.Mr. Stbwabt (resuming) said he tlien understoodMr. Pxhhisotos that the latterreason that the desire Republicans d^ay,Sergeaat-at-Arms waxnotsoIntenseto-dayabouttheCapitol,asit hadMr. Shxbmah, of Ohio, (Rep.,) moved tbat the House proceed to vote for a Speaker t>nja voct.ladr-oucstlon is titerefore agodsend.partially exhausted itself yesterday. The^crowd, too,was much diminished, although every available spotwaa occupied before the session opened. Many ceedings under the call of the House.tleman illustrated tne truth of the old saying that,Clerk,Clerk,ladie*wereadmittedontheflooragainto-day. TheSenate adjourned early, and Senators mingled freely Mr. Booocx, of Virginia, (Dem.,) in order totinuation of the '* stenza,la Ike fray. To-night, parties will rest quietly on time for the absentees to arrive, moved togain adjourn.they stoppedgal's career and caused him to repent." ftlends reciprocate? A Southern Slaveholder (Davis, gest. sisters on the floor : they nistte and radUte laitlg ua-fhclr arms.Mr. McLui retoms to Washington by orders fromiha Oovenunent here, that he may be present to ex. plain aad aid in the ratification of the Mexican Treaty. Tkere was nothing demanding his attention at Tera CruK' 'Negatived.The House proceeded to vote.Mr. SuTB, of North Carolina, (Am.,) rose, when" "there were cries of Sit down," Order." Quietpersuading anybody one way or the other. He waaof the Black Republican Party—why could they notof questions relative to the position of the candidate, which be handed to Wm. N. H. Smith's next friend,: -it Ic a Congressianal Lucknow we bare be- neath us, whereto every female participant is a Jaa- six Bbowii, defending woman's rights against flw ter-vey to the members of this t)ody my deep sense of ob- Gen. Cats gives another grand reception this even- ligation to the honorable gentlemen of the variousup a difficulty among the Democrate.Mr. Etuzbidoi—My friend will excuse me for not""Is he the member ofthe hideous lltt'e to crawl thingsStastox,Ohio, (Rep.,)Messrs. Boyce, ripple of disturbance, when he cast his vote for Mr. him in hii patriotism.Mr. WtsBLOw, of North Carolina, (Dem.,) submitted that the motion was hot in order, pending tbe pro-At length CocBBABi, of New-York, gate opaad de-Mr. SusuiAS insisted that it was the duty of the Clerk to put the question on his motion.being restored, that gentleman said:whyMr. ASBMOBE, of South (Carolina, (Dem.,) said that and privileges of adopted citizens and aliens ?" An- D. Asbmobi opens his second bottle of rhetoricalLodgeMr. 1 cannot find to con- Clerk, language adequatethat his friend from Tennessee would nottrytogetor I vote for Mr. .McCleb.naxd. wherefore,oisavow hostility to, and proscription o(, the rightsMatters atlengthculminate to ^ crisis, when Jwa:Smith, and If his friend from Teimessee construed the Mr. Stxwaxt, of Maryland, (Dem.,) m giving hi*In order to secure the election of a conservative national man as Speaker of the House. If eighty Democrats were willing to make those sacrifices, they did not think itunjust that the twenty-odd Americans should now do LAnniauAM) was not so sure of that, lie rememt)eredthat Mr. Coawm had said he would vote for Mr. SaiB-son, Stewart of Maryland. Stout. Tailor. Thomis. Un-political preferences.(MoBBis) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Ethb-aiDGB.) Tbe spear had rierced the side of the latter, derwood, Vallandigbam, Vance, Whitely, Winslow,Woodson. Wright. and there had come forth, he would not say what. For ^fr.it was not essential that they should voteFor .\fr. .1/c(?u/-pn—Messrs. Bonham Clopton.Curry, nine'»WTM In his presemt con-likewise,for a Southern Democrat. As a mere matter of poli- cy, Southern Democrats have patriotism enough to elevate themselves above parly prejudices, and strengthen tlie hands and hold up the arms of those In the Free States where the great battle of Censti- tutional rights is to be fought. Animated by pur-Corwin. Moore of Alabama and Miles,Puch—to repress civil war foundedontbreali. He enumerated the different kinds of pro-dnetsandlaborofthedifferentsectionsoftheUnion.Tfce labor of the South Is not in rivalry with the laborof tJie North. The Union is not a lollecUon of hos-tile, but of sobsidlary Interest!.. The foreign exporUof the South amount to t200,UOO,000, and the freightso* tham are from 7 to 8 per cent, of that amount. He poses like this, and actuated by such sentimente, and' Republican side.6. Messrs. Hardeman, Hill. Nelson.hale (.-aiued admission to the floor, pUadlEg that Cl.«k B. Cochba.>i,carrying we should nominate another one who hey were now ready to proceed to tbe election of afaces without any perceptible bodies a wedge of heads,Mr. Hill, oftice to himself and those heto say that Mr. Shitu was to the Housegone tbrougti with to-day. (Laughter.)Renewed cries of *• Call the roll !"Mr. Clabx, of Missouri, acknowledged thatand and objurgating agaiasi vigoiiously protestingthose who press on them from behind.But it Is now noon, and business attempts to beginthere was ao party forthelr counsel. He disclaimed throwing any firebran(l. but justice required hi u to Slave-trade between state here that the principles held by some of thethe aboil- of Columbia and else.askingapproach to thatDjmoAsUImportant subject of Slavery to thecalled,greeted wlUi more than usually loud and prolongedhisses aad applause. time for consultation, which the Democrats accorded.on thethose gentlemenhe voted for Mr. Psii.tisoToa. This was sibility of an adjournment tbensay-apprehension is calmed for the moment, when the ebivalrous Sbxbbabp Clbmxss, of Virginia, rise* andmoves as an amendment that tlie ladieaGeorgia, (Dem.,)jus-The House,remarked that represented required himoftheDemocratic Ifitwas has Party.effect,rises and moves that all exceptnowcalled,elec- Repi.lilican can- didate, it would have been at least wise to have con-motions were to prevent Mr. BtiBKXTT moved to adjourn.F. ADAMB, of Maaachusette, cans mean to concentrate on"disabled-He Is not Suib-m-'Ji'sOppositionParty would bost combine theirkey top;the M.but'hls election under;Pj^£l^of withdraw hisif he vote from Mr. Smith he wouldtheyjaika/ Oiafa— tbenuelve*aUltleNiBLACK,Indiana, (Dem.,) replied,^eir leglslatireMr. McCLXKKABn'e political" oftheCaU-couldnot do It.and took all therotedthree great natural curiosities:The play of NymphMa-' *t .J »^^ r-^ml^ ^<5^-y?:^ 5:5out being offensive, be might say, in surrenderingappearMia StAma, offemalecapitalaiasCumaa, aad la kkMleit aafvattad taMlfelt by Ciaoar L. VaxuatrntM, al oUa, mA- Skqlhis vote for the Slaveryontheabstractgroundofright The meanestoftheerew. InhisdistrictweretheWhig, the Democratic, and the thlnkbig partr. and it waa rather thelast-named that he (BiHixiiiai) represented. The intelligent portion of his party in Tennessee be-II I J in new countries. The happiest relation'lirllwnegro was thai of master and slave. He de Individuality in doing so,McClxaiTAnae a sound, nattonaLaan- ofmightriseshe snpporte theCompromise.m» was eSnW tlcms. He claimed the right of the South to carry its sibillty or skulked the responsibility for that act. All plheudsged his vote for thepocxa.ndi[dLatoeghotner.t}he Demo- that a Speaker wonld be elected to-daycollision between the interests of the sec-cle*confKlently betting, by applesandheavier stakes,naoeasaryttstitnttoos Into the Territories, and extend itetremltyskirttopeep eot tmm beaaath T.1s-ktthemoiBeBt promenading in the rear of North was lessened by the extension of Slavery. If but the complaints of a few postmasten, newspaper he wonW do this whenever he saw the Dem- shruggings—shaking their heads, taking all the bets THaAxaa, of (Mo, and Haatr C._voice fell like a falling star upon the Houae" his there was an irrepressible bostiiity between the social systems of the North and tlieWhen the nomina-oorata eoaoentratlng their rotes. If the bonr of"South, the sooner they separated the better. But tion will be made, on his birthday, there will not be dred. He had al wav s stood on American soil and dicting that the Republicans would either abandontbe latter tocky—lUiaiatfp- Gxaxm, Virginia, join la t^ same sallc demand. Ccxns, of Iowa, get* oa b^—as he answered, " PaHmHaTosf." Suoh a he believed there was no such antagonism, and an- found twenty Democrate who will not swear that hoped in God to die there, if die he must but for the Shibmah or filUbusterdischarge !galleries alyzed the social systems of the two sections to sus- againstavote.and Mcscox R. H.liarsti of applanae, mingled with hisses, has never tain hia view. The experiment at the North of com- they were not original Douglas men. [Laughter.] sake Ioffhtihse Dleimvioncgrbaeticwasfriweinldlsinwgoutoldgoalulpoownhfiomretihgins The result was, that alland pl,oftatoi« deafened the hall. The Republicans now t>lnlngsucceeded that he hoped it would succeedtowards the were crowded to feet and snarls out an forWt T'e"*"* of snecess, as Mr. Abiaib had remained still an and had not yet sustained the experiment,hour thiswould nothis rote as in the contemplation of death. It waa ment,morning,parallelandyourfree labor with universal suffrage had so farIn votlilg for Smith, he did not see any virtue on the part of the Democrats. They sweat drops of blood.soil.figurative eipres^on. He repeated, he preferred lobbiesavenues, stairways'.ina, aad only one more vote was wanting. Mr. severe trial of when a redundant population should original subject, he eoold have found It in this for Mr. OujiBa.early respondent, wishingBaw had pledged Uauelf to cast this vote when itBiiiM elect, bat, teilisg to stand by this pledge, thetaBM passed vlthont an election, to the great to be fotind under the system of voluntary service.Free society being an experiment, why should the territories be kept open only to that and shut againstwhich had been be He Slavery, proved t} stable ? ar-gued to show that the condition of the white man hasTennessee, (Am.,)givemost York whenIn New-press upon the means of subsistence. Mr. Htmnathen alluded to the dangers likely to result, in free society, from a collision between capitel and labor.Alllhe evils denounced as incidental to Slavery were Mr.to find a back to thosewomen." Terribleonbegin to gather op teir;If an artist had desired to have an dying among his friends and kindred, and hearing in excess at an [Laughter.] lusexpiringmomentehisnativepibroch. Hevotedbut it wasHouse,tbe liiliiisliia lli»' protaMafltataaaa- to the excite- semblageis "not a House, bat a BMbafMte ailscenery of human agony. All the features of the Northwest Democrate were expressive of this factMr. Mattiabb,ofshould as soon as poesible organizeduties. Whilenotin-lensattoo ladlesthis aaa<( Me feai^gentleman deliberately, consequences.zeppa,"ract,"clilld with a real bead growing at the end other neck.Mr. Claix, of New-York, said so did he.» far Ik^and the conservative eIement£,would unite to preserve Noel said when he was called toWiLUAM of Virginia being beard, i>oaslbly attfmptti^to that that chaste aadlaet- repleadthecauseof fair,Ht. PasmasTOB, patriotically came forward and as- the Union. He did not despair of the Union, but said aA5i, who suffered some in voting for Smith. [Laugh-anred the RepnbUcana that on the first ballot, to- that if the Republicans succeeded and refused toad- ter.)perform pub- lie duty he did not wait for necessity. When he sawverse of truth, as may \>e seen from the followingHOUSE OFWASHrasTOK, Tuesday, Jan. 31.the Dem-REPRESENTATIVES.embitteringBie SouthernOpposition againstMr. Joh!1knew ills friend meant nothing unkind. The gentlemanreceived In t>ehalf of our common He re- country.People's-men of Pennsylvania, who pres^veCochbaki,York, (Dem.,) said hecouragetoperform'it. While he differed from Mr.ofacting the part the Good Samaritan, pour-bis to vote for him. He would not inquirein bad and faith,is Astur—ornther aaid — AsaaoBa;beening oil Into our gaping wounds—[laughter]—wounds whether bis vole would elect him or not. LikehaddutyJacksoh. he took the respoasibilKy.acthigwith a deliberate purpose ofthere should fall it would be with the greater pleasure that McCuxKAitn, In voting for him, did not compromise him.he should be able to wrap around hlrn the mantle of any political opinion, nor did he (Smith) in voting iaxIn order tothis consummatiDn. one of thelittle miracleofalosettedfootispenianwitfrom the organ of " whatever a man attempte to do he does awkwardly, voted for Fbxhoiit."Mr.Mr.Mr. a doiea effer- Clerk/*ytolreMfCBt maiMSptManyhundred fuf waveto the Hooae to put a legtiosliantceh, stopMr.jaaanAB said that he and his Republican friendsMr.mSaijAoRrietay Midoj)|)oaadstraggle. He, as anao goodi ooolwdaaoana tarntotrUea- fmiles are lavished on the j_ ciprocate the eoortesy ienxdtteruUlneadl,by tbe DwelmUpicnrfais on tie on one leg for the liMmlt*4 aBenowaskedwhatwastheendaimedatbytheRe-oftheUnitedSlates.TherewereDemocratsfor eonenacdwithMr.BnaHirr,andaskedwhethertheFriday,andwouldtaketker^ea^poBMIltyoflbedeUyhood.NottobeoutdoneIngeaerosliy^a—-, .onlesa It was the abolltlOB of Blareiy in the whom he couM vote. He could name a number of beenBtatee. He pointed ont the erlls retnltlng from them. He would say to his Americas friends he ever, Mbtured no one, and hoped that every imaBberorgaalxation. motlcowascrder off ail their awkward bioftw*; * gwi)^first ^Hlfcstolluns of aralaoae bad not beratotoreof^bo^er ofMr. ETBxainoB, of Tennessee, (Am.,) resarded the punaM tn Totina for Mr. Sura, who was a ooamrva- twleerneen>ieAaedvyetroTldetaiveetihoenf,ealwli.th hate in tthe South to secede. It had been said here result of the vote as a foregone conclusion. He felt tive aalnaUonalman. He (FuaaiHa) was a Demo- Mr. BnxxxTT—We are not now ready to vote. andible amid tbe confaalon. Fsrtaapa he pleadapsk-IMrth to change her policy. The effect was tohe' the North could coerce the Southern States Into no particular Interest whatever as to the record, so cratIsslon. How could they hold them? As con far as it might affect him at home. He bad been VMIed provinces T Woold not that necessitate an somewhat passive in the hands ef others, and hadiDse of consented to reosiponslbUlty. witat he have a vote adjourn. We«ai|ln changebat acar a paitiao of the Deaiocracy refuse tott-isy. Th« CoBBlttae wpoiatcd bj Alt Abj one would see that only Brazil, which had re- would look upon it with satisfaction. MThen the ne-his judgment, and his Judgment may be f—Important andoanmence:fan themselves andarc with Mr. Docolas. and, ofSmepyataiheiewsithMr. McClirsa>d. Was not the latterone of those who triumphed when the battle against He made an earnest appeal to his frien-Js1o rally un- ize the American Party?" Answer, " HeExecutive power was fought and won ? der the Democratic banner, if they weie to go " Was he elecied a Representative to this Congress mark their indignationwe intead Bonse was in fiiTar of aon the Democraticat the Sonth—vessels should vote for the distinguished gentleman from woald Sir the fntnre refrain from aocdi axUMiloul .."'•KB'iooo, Illinois, (Rep.) to the Democrata— oatsidar* on the floor Is now «»mh««»<» *!•*•'atoaseneedvole aad, witb reference to Mr. Emamai's remnks, The greatest man did not so desire. that h4(ruwnox) had ao agony for thecoarae he hadside. He,bow- atthewharvesIntheNorth,andmanufactures Virginia,iMiLieoK,)althoughheknewthatgentle- Mr.fuaaaca,ofPesnaalvanla.(Dam.,)duringthe rowwitbootdebatetMr. Meoax, of Kesitocky, (Am.,) had said he wouldnot vote for a Douglas Democrat. It liad been re-marked that it was better not to vow at all than vowand not perform, and also that a bad promise was But here—before the jabber and clack on the floor[Laugh-Mr. ETBiainex replied that his friend from New- better In the breach than In the performance. He begins— let the position of matters on last Friday be lancers during the balance of tbe i—voke what he had heretofore said. He did not like to bis andipm«.«nm< xt last, Mr. Baiaes, of New-York, see- try, and the evils to result from its dissolution. He Northern Democracy. forced on him, and until that necessity should arise fallen under ignorant censure for delaying the organ- of men everywhere are shouting variouswas In this conditionhe did not feel at to re- libertyHere the bewildered Clerk begins 1York has t)een on a probation of six weeics.Hespokeofthevastprogressandglory-oftillscoun- Mr.Clakx—1thoughtthegentlemanalludedtothe voteforMr.McCLxaifAsi)unlessthenecessitywas Cily—thecoursepursuedbyJomrCocBXAin,whohas mallet calliogfortbeayesandnays,|Ir.:explained, and more especiallyas con(%r)ilng yourwhat was he trusted he had the moral stetement.MoCuaxAim on some political questions, he felt itegg' nogg dilemma.rhetorical spiders which he lete looae Intke nrtgbbor hoodoftbepetticoats. Hedemandsctflftertftat'tte ladies on the floor be cleared out, or tbat %* Mar be tfarown open to all ladies—this Sidder, of tbeMr. of SiireLSTotr,Mlsslselppl, (Dem.,)hesitete between the candidates, and in order to de-the berotedforMr.Republicaas McClebxakd.featMr. SMrrH^of Virginia. (Dem.,) explainedencumbered with as many unprivileged per- we had sat here mere with the voted for Mr. PxKnrnaT0», as being joined to his idols* a National man Speaker, provided the Northern Dem- ad aiisvrdum kind, producing an immense msons.On motion of Mr.of North said that Mr. ocrate Carolina,joinedcClxbjiikii. "Thegentlemanshouldnotexotl'B wlflt-[Laughter.] Mr. EpiXBinai lald he was no' of Maivlanif.) bad to day landed himself In the bosom Mr. CocnBAnx, as I am informed, prepared a series tionHis heart waa in in Illinois drewMr. Noxi, of Missouri, (Dem.,) the expressed hopesacrifice, then, so small a thing as party prejudice?claiming justice aifd fair dealing.with those who the sword against Executive jjower.Wltbou', straight and straight-who clamor and hoarl far tbe sar- rendet of—belcagured citadel- exclusive nna»fii<iagenerous s>mpatbyequivocation, alongout;>C' voted for Mr. McCLXxifAM). (Applause.)and of w-bich the folio iving is a copy";Sepoys of the floor.to asoer- believing that 1 am trying to create a storm. My teiii how certain gentlemen would cast their votes.Mr. Whitxlt, of Delaware, (Dem.)—Without aDoes he (meaning the Inchoate Spciker Smith,)at first he declined to vote, hisobject beingser,lie docs."spiders, allowingor a directly towards the horrified female t>enches. Therealso hisexpression of hU countenance Into one of distress, he views, said that he understood that Mr. Pssmsoios Itself, but which the positton of the candidate gave firmer—not to say oldert matrons. There if bo^would recommend that bis friend cast out the beam was In the Convention that noiitnated Feehoitt.him no means ofit Ijcen permitted to prevail, would have driven offAllen, Cox, Vallandigiiam and Pendleton of Oliio,Morris of Illinois, Holman and Davis of Indiana,and Barr of New-York. It was to clear away this vescing orators, all trylni to obtain the toiii Wigatkar.and tbat whatever a woman does she does graceful- Mr. Abbaui disclaimed being Mr. Pxssisgtos'bly." He thought'the gentleman illustrated another organ. He did not k"now how Mr. Pbnnisotos voted. error, m thetomvostte pfuobrliNcormtahn-nCear,olainda so enable thMers.e mands to be "informed " What is the biuiaesa befoie truth, it is said afflictions though they seem severe Renewed cries of Call the roll." gentlemen Smith, that tbis House? In reply, Jambs A. S»b«a«t, oflbrr- are oft In mercy sent," and as to the gentleman's Mr. Vascx, of North Carolina, (Am.) said that Mr. CocBBAiTB took the floor and fairly raised the issue, iand, vtarts to his feet, and talks. Well, ketalfcs oourte in 1648, it might t>e added in con- McClxbramd »nd his friends had voted for the Ameri- which the Pennsylvania men had only wished to sug- something : bnt nothing can be heard up bna. Thethe can candidate, and should not his (Vakcb's) political ladies in the galleries arotmd us take {sitwtfttteir prodi-IMr. Logan, of Illinois, (Dem.,) remarked that Mr. down, let it be under tbat same flag. it hod been on the Old Line Whig Platform and does he hold in the cloak and smoking-rooms under the galleries,inspectionDemocrats acted worse. Another ballot to-morrow name unknown to fame, now making my entry on jection, lie tliought the Americans ought to defer legiance to party. It was now in the power of the baptism in the National Democratic Church ; and he, that AsDMOBx is comely, though somewhat atrabiliousthis floor for the first time, have received the bonera great tieal to Douglas in this emergency. Democrats to decide the contest In favor of Mr. as rumor hath it—a veracious rumor—nodded liisMr. Reagan simply asked to do an act of justice to McClbbhasd with the aid of the Southern Americans, himsell, against what seemed to be an insidious and He bad voted for candidates of the latter, and was unjust attack. It had been charged here that the Ameri- not mean and cowardly enough to skulk from the can Party had not been consulted as to the name which resDon^ibility.of visage; a black-haired, black-eyed, dark-laearded man, somew here in the neightiorbood of thix^-fiTe, and with regular classic features, which hare all tbe or- dlnarv indications of good breeding, coltlvBtios andor defeat is scarcely witliln the chapter of accidents. shall only say 1 shall cherish the kindnessMr. Smith, of North Carolina, in withdrawing, spoke the lesldue of my official tenn, and while a mem)>erwith emphasis and in good taste. He was warmly of Ibis body, and carry with me into the shade of the Democrats should present. When Mr. Smith was Mr. Cbawfobi), of Georgia, (Dem..) w-as one of those jections, roted for the candidate, and was followed vounger days, which is one supposition ; or be aiayduringnominated a different spectacle was presented. Eigh-ty Democrats joined themselves to the twenty -threeSouthern Americans, and voted thus four times inthe effort to elect a Speaker. They had a righfto ex- for, and voted for McClebsasd on the strength of in- of Noith Carolina, is an old-line Clay and Webster supposition, and, between these two, let the ladiesfound sensation. It w-as more than neutralized by out intention now, as this is not the proper occasion pect some sort of return from that organization. But formation he then held in nis hand. Whig—one elected on a national platform of simple judge.Party sought pro- duce discord and collision between the differentNecessary to a choice II"ctlhuadte"dal"ldidate, and which recent events hadrightexpect.supportingsquarehollow features, firm and straight mouth,tuowntrine the entertains. He was not gentlemanSomes. lawyer In North Carolina fully justifies his promo-spectacles, and rather bilious coot- gray eyes, gold —niglit be lesemblanee, but never Identity. Andj.ered;The gentleman who or/upics the chair is not theandSvLiM.-'.-M Mof-EF, of .\ldbama, replies to himrcp- represnta- tive of his constituente, and makes no surrender of hispoliticalopinionsbyoccupyingthatposition. Itiiipw .III iluiier not reailvday.Ijiin. nervouslv-organized man, witharesentetive of the House, but reiuaiiis theFoT .1/cY'.'. '-,1(1,../.]ll,-t iis—yceai-y. All* o. Antierson.Mr. of Vallahdiqbam,Ohio, (Dem.,)saidN. Carolina. of Misscuri, Crawford, Davidson,trails there to We have broken the back of -sner, "He does." day.who tbem. approachoppositionWhole number of members present 233 servative views, and one who refused to vole forthe —gaentmloteimoennowthiecnhtitsleedmetod leveflleodor,beex- tbe by wasMr. Pennington of New-Jersey. (Rep.) llti Scott on the ground of certain Freesoil objections.crats had a right to expect more manly and generous Scatteringconduct. An artful allusion w-as made that the pre-sentation of the name of McCLCxxAnn might havesome connection with the Presidential election. The Tot Mr. Pennmgttm, of New-Jersey—Vmra. Adams and handsome features dark hazelPennsylvania dele-but, finally, onr.rabam, Helmlck, HatcblDS, Irvine,can- linger. Leach of Michigan, Lee, I.ongnecker. Loom-Republican Ithem some is, Mr. McClsekajco heEhodc Island.the material or spiritual world exactly alike. There msD, Strattf-n, Stewart of Pennsrlvauia. Tapi-an.Tbayer. "The-ikcr. Tomi-kin.'". Train, Trimble. V.indever. Van Wyck. Verree. W.itie. \\ ald'-un. Walton. \\Mshburn of Wiscen-in, Wa;-hburue of Illinois. \Va:iii»uru of Maine. Well.,. Wilson. n'ii..!oni. W...>.Inin. W..;.d.votingEoyte.Gooch, HaskiD,Ially the nomination of Mr.McCLiBRAxn.and to expressbis earnest and deep regret that there was not moreunanimity in his support among members of the gan, Ke'logg of Illinois, Kenyon. Kilgore, Kit extremely affable and well-bred—a silken texture MOKiis, of your City, must have been before age andovejoy, ilaraton.Pherson. Morehead. Morrill, Morse. Mlllward. tforris of Ptnosylvanla. Nixon, Olin, Palmer. Perry. I'ettit.irnumerable He has the same strong, puckers.givenWHS not committing hiinself to every political doc- Porter, Potter, Pottle Remolds, Rice, Ri.biuson of in Congress, as report hath it ;Virginia, Maynard, McClay, McBae, Milion, Montgom- him elected yet. But when Mr. Smith stood upon the ery, Morris of Illinois. Nelson. Niblsck. Noell. Pendle-roll the elected Speaker of this House, there were two ton. Payton. Phelps, Pryor, Reagan. Rlggs. Robinson of trationw iththe reportorial cockloft. Outside the bar pointmemt)ers who did exhibit an agony such as PAXaaA-on thesofa is a little court—a central niatrou-queen with that some man, attached to the boots In question, isCraigojof Missouri. Astiumre. A very. Hiuk.Hdu'e. IJair. Uarrett.Hocock, Boteler, Houlignv, lir&ucli Hriggs, Bristow.Burcl), Burnett. Horace K. Clark. Clark of Missouri.Clemens. Cobb. John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Cralge ofAt noon to-day. as 1 write, the Housestrangely exciting and crowded scene. "The ladies'gallery, in theatrical phrase, was a bumper-benefit— MooBs is a man of conservative andagain yesterday. There was nothtag of agony In it Hindman, Rolman. Houston, Howard, Hughes, down over the floor In billowy torrente of silk Jackson, Jenkins. Jones. Kunkel, I.amar. Landrum.;;addressed toJouxso far as he was concerned. He regretted that Mr. Larabi-e. Leake. Logan. Lore, Martin of Ohio, Martin of foaming with gailyhued bubbles of bonnets Into theCoCHBAsx,Illinois. Ruffln.8108 desired to paint—the member from Pennsylvania Smith of h"orth Carolina, Smith of Virginia. Stephen- their embroidered skirts over unlimited space. EachFor 31r. Afi//*o«—Mr. SiEviss, of Pennsylvania, had declared that Quarle', Stokes and Hatton—"t). rallandigkam—'Hr.Bojce.it liisdoois of the galleries are blocked up with solid mass-therefore, the Republicans «^J«"a AlbxeiI'.Ji.NKira,ofGiaatBot-last trump," and that theRepublicanswouldadhereto Mr.Shibmantillone » ho ought not to De there, has madeIs "dead in the eye of the law,dition, „»"* tb^ might '»»*'"the crack closed.For .Mr. H. F. Cfru-i-Mr.of aignyjBt:of doom." Thecanon of prophecy hadK/r Mr.For Mr. Taylor—sir. Brabson.pair for corpse."tom, Virginia, sui^ports the same Uneand UienJiH>CocuBAM repl"ies, staHng that. If nee- i-<-saiy. he would have been carried into tits HODseMr. Hiu. made further explanations ithv he couldFor Mr. CUmtnt—HT. CiilEmtelri.cridge.not vote for Mr. McClxbmakd. "For Mr. ifococA—Mr. Leach of N'orlh Carolina.Cries of " Call the roll loudly repeated from theFar Mr.Puirh—Mr. Mcyueen.-forJohn SHiBx.tx. of Ohio, rose, aad In a aaa^aoqrtft-ous, forcible and well-tempered speenkname from the stiugfle. A pincooldbebeart ftlHngAll necks were strained forward to and eren the faoialacaotivaein theIttoaxflZAD, of Pennsylvania (Rep.,) congratu-es of humanity—tier above tier—cess before such an electloiu He thoughtthe smoking out process had been pretty effectuallymen;(Dem.,)by be did make that assertion, and the gentlemanMr. to FioBisci moved adjournhad itsthe sentiments of Hxlpxb'b book can be Speaker ofcountry agltetlon. Tba first votehunter who vient turkey huntingGabsbtt,Virginia,and a thousand small bonnete are petulantly tossed back—a thousand noses of the av- shotpe" bT t^'hunter filed to secure the game, but,said "I have he,Mr.CoLPAx.oferage preitinessyo»rThe roll was proceeded wItS.r^K'^^'oVha^ii i^o^^ M'SS ^'^r'L^d^SiL-VtferalJeSyS^c^iic-fon^^elS^.Mr. andthebird cusedfromNew-Janey-theseven^-f«"' »Rust, Scott, Sickles. Sims. Singleton,floor,beauty spread nothing of whu high in the air,it Isand is rather under the imprsasinnFor Mr. Smith, of y. C.—Mr. Moore uf KeQlucliy.For .Mr. Milts—Kr. Keitl.I'helps-ytr.Mr. \Vi:fHLow moved to adjourn.Mr, E.>(oueu moved that tlie lljiise again proceedmajority, refused to adjourn. Mr. Sbxkmak moved to proceed to another vote.byalargethe the House of one goodtill day after to-at least so far that ur todorser of Mr. MoBxis, of Pennsylvania. (Ind.,) understood thereupon instantlyIndiana, (Rep.,) railed attention to the fact that the floor had been oc :u[iled nearly allday by gentlemen on the other side.Mr. Gabsxtt replied, reminding Mr. CoLr.ix that onare elevated, and two tndignantiythousand of the same kind whisper " the monster" lipsw ithmoreWhen the name of Mr. Davis, of Maryland, was Friday .Messrs. CrRris and Stastok took the respon- evident inclination to flight tbe sota, butingsuited»him. ofbispeculiarylewsonAmerlcauUmweretothem, Mr,BfUiixaulckly.">'•;"P'C^'^El>bj>«iaMM Ml,C^ut*lejoiuedj (hat on that uccasios(heThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documenton for to day. ptesen! the nomore;Sedgwick,leadingapology cor- ulC. Dx JAxazTTX, of Virginia,possible canfuston now existed. Oen-Sum of Virginia here rise* to say aoote woa|% aat p—a'kpar, and acted from convictions of right and a When yon, on Friday, said yon vraro not ready we theUcally for ike fair one iriio enttvened bl* Chilatrtell you frankly you can't maa speech with trtaal gobleti of cn-aoyg am, Georgia, (Am.) repeated to-night, hot that canpaAifi iorneily, that when a conservative man ter a preliminary rote for all oyfouthe Hotuos-emotorraoewe,thaaft- he may be reflecting jnjmiqaaly q>l kef |ii eailuue a^all our friends are here. EveTkto proposition was generally aoceeded to, aad the whose temptation came flie tin frdlk BnA*.rbeMTrO.tedMofoCriaMir.aAinfBi.uM*U.nder these drcum- House adjourned. In like manner Biia»OB'CBlMit,«rM«Hk 4of Alabaaia, (Dem.) said tbat in rot- rise* and makes somenoa-intdlMB'*'' could not have one of that party he honored him. They might not inMr. MaPuaaaan be indoned tbe aa^^y and THE FIOOR FKOI TIE eUlERIES. has a gray head, and "IkesWithout It this Continent<^iened up. Take the States of South America. think so now, but the time would coma when theylasWidie fepodlattog Squatter Sovereignty, fieiiwioltindlikliavote for Mr. MoCLxaMAiiD, and If the Demo-support,thev c^-iU elect him.Mr. Mauoxt, of Tennessee, (Am.,) said that theprob^lypulse Is tame and humble ;" very Ukaly it i..-sa of tbe Neitliein Pcaaooiac* ilnea tbe encM. Wbenke tdnAtm^'tiiMi-ii tlM Itiu ifmin. of tbe H^kest order IntelUgaBee, Tbe Scene, with Sketckea of the Iiesd-goPbisxab T. BAXirrM advertised thoserepudiating.Thisimpression,aad tbis Found, pound, goes Ste Clerk with bis mallet ;any peculiar principlesis a towards the cloak-rooass and general stampedehalcyon daysnetsshawls over their shoulders with very anfobv' -.lil . .. J-^^ir b"a>n»d»s",But harkcould not ocrats, to a point at which the South Americans would Carolina, comes down vrith a whole boUeAU ofAmericanhead, wagged liis tongue, moved his lips, and gave allother heaity signs of assent to the rarious proposi-tions. Thus fortified, Mr. Cochbakz withdrew his ob- refinement. No doubt he may haVe been jiltadin V*2(i Smith name is a middle-aged man, of about middle merizing business amongst the.TOTE IN DETAIL.object was, by nominating Mr. McCluucaks to unite of Hassacbusetts, Adrain. Aldrich, Alley, Athley, Bab- breadth of brow, with no particular height ; sharp fashioned mdck wito a shaved cowl, the roU-callRkagah) bit, Beaie, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Buffing- was declared, In order, and was, ffaerenpOB. pro-too, Burlicgame, Bnrnbam, Bnrrougbi, Butterflela, pointed bad been controlled by any particular Presidential Campbell. Carey, Carter, Case. Colfax. Conkling. Cor-complexion, andwrinkles. He looks like one and Stallwoxth, Democrats, and Clabx B. Coca-political opinions differed from Ms own.Mr. MaisoN.of Virginia, rose to second most cordi-Farnswoitb, Fenton. Ferry, Foster. Frank, French.lowing his cases to take hold of his feelingswould seem as if he could sleep well, afterChas. H. Vak of; it Whereupon. Wtci, New-Yortt,Grow, Ourley, Hale. Hall. HickmaD,. Hoard, Humphrey. Jankio, Kellogg of Michi-rose and demanded of the generosity of Democrats that a pair should be given to the absent Republican. Mr. Vas Wtcx a good deal resembles wbat Jadge Bi>-height,with silver-gray hair and whiskersregularmotion of SfxwAxjr, of Maryland, wholooks agoodintothere is a row in tbrilliant semicircles ofjgreattemperatelosing either a cause or the Speakership. In manner, he iscourtler-likeTh»sessiononewhowouldwo', beto kick a eat lyii'u on tbe hearth-tup. even on return-gesllculaling their lone.iiu'iting. but pointing liis remarks inand Iirin natureliome tttld fioin Court, afior a vexatiouslikelytions—floodingthegrave Diplomatic gallerywith Is pitched in a rather liigh kev, and is to baeeaaa;eyes;deal like a " Abbot of bUsrala," or old-is hisbut his reputation as arunning excitedbut he talks totheroved the and by swarthy Asbmou who sat silentestenine In his seat. SBmuii nominated no one,but sat down promlabiK to his on explain poeitionHelper book at some mtoie and calmer moment.!amidst the hubbub. The Clerk reads prayers, and Well has lost the chance, J«"_ "^.3,'til JI..L" 1^ .1- V- .IT •«-.- » •" ' .. ;U js ;-' -PRICETHTi: 1 .liWBinlnelypmc.BKtbe battle Is not to be gatoed so eatfy, aal '91ml« KcprueBtkUTei. the tntradeis. The poBtlnrllp* aaltaMiacbOBBetitheont all without exceptiondoorkeepeisshalltlieir Baxxsbau, ofOhio,elderly primyoimg and blushing ladies look unutterablefemale more.and grow whiter they begin to bnttoo (heirflo««a "w ization. This is an unfounded charge, the very re- ringing high and clear abore all, the rolce of Extia-surprisingwith nerrotis eagerness, and are mattatiafi ua|had jet on the Republican side,- and for tbe T*i7 gaadrible malegation. Again all order was lost:;from ceeded with. '<rhla over, it was found tliat Baaaaato mak*^ Utile i ;anadpteUelte ftam is more directly of New-York, wbo was his recent sickness by various Kepab-;;head some of the law-and-order-loruig citi-Order being pmaorsUtaUy restored, Missifslppi-a worthy ?<'',"''"»"—.,,i; www.fultonhistory.com 