 ^iofbefogabardem,tobybvass I£ .^STiatoe««"**-tr*b*«' I J L ^ prosstaaentiy•"^i"^^tlTilZlri*f.r^atasdseaTsetqaa*rv»ecaIlMiy«,.that theOOMOBa*ay ^ S ^ « i T » ^ r « * e the ratostotsa erst.* 7 t » ratt.Mr.AAaaa.lsBWSBme, will est •r tike puSuC-KJ ! brand seek «•"» weary «•* * «• • ~ ° f ? - ! ^ri. t«— Mutterly nafomatted ta truth Tae »"»TM i U t i ( i w t M ioceJ agent of the .NEW YORK HERALD THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET. SUMOcftvcmjimj,*,^ beforetheConTL%5*i*cm*« T^^Zo towthe editors tstai las ^ e Y ^ w dibeir votes against the Wood delegation. But thta a an erroneous conclusion tar seither PeensyfTsnis nor New Jersey, nor Marytaad, nor Virginia, nor South Caro Uas, ner Kentucky, aor Delsware, nor bouaiana are forw?£o*rt?h_yarfL/Saauaa. Ideditor in III l i |° P * J * ^ ^ *!kLiea. tmhat iths*e rHwostaoae papvers* *s-*o*o* •^-J* ^*I»•^?a.&e e?• hSad5sj» stettsaeat • the eaty »*»*«»• ^ u ^ t o t a that nes.sadhi the wikieraees li whtah Territorial govern-SJ ts to the f«tb MaasacLusetts district, steam.taflnx of Yarkees sad Western men Bat B ta true J br. T. Heard Sid J. C Urvejoy appeared t rattwaai graces.He ta-« haw iMtatmttoss sgsta* ***Z*Z2rt2 ^Zl ments are as yet unorganised."«v faun revtsne from UM***<» ^rfTi.pr!!12!L ^1 3 Resolved farther, That to order to meet sad clearDouglas, yet they voted for the sitting delegatioj.The six Southern delegations who have been that very few of them mingle with the strangers, r, B<r»t ibeokstsMtf Means. Keowkton, 8. Chasas tan -•nxaaajKBcrTancrrr—SAirrraBT ensrnrnoa. srrchsve been well known m * •(11)Tba «»_-«*£ (11 ) n e U M a p t » « • -paragraphs » J 2 * 5 L I 5 L"That it is the duty of the geaeral government, by all proper legislation, to seenre an entry mto those Territo- rtos to ell ttaeittaeat of the Usdtsa Slates, together withpeculiar aad prtrtarsatal tasttanttoa; aad, while they areready to extend the baad ef aoBpttohty jehey are apt tolook into a Northerner's face to aeosrUin if be ta a manlikelytosteal awaytheir propsity. She/strong feeingfor Douglas among the Nor tbem sad W< delegateshail, aad tbe control cf the Convention The eleimante rejoin, by showing that both Messrs Beard sad Lwejn?much facthtated b y l b a v m r a r w ^ ^Some of tbe private maDefee? aTe^r » e - ! ? ^w?dss*ta tbe twoof laaterB editorsHe Albany Begency Petogatei Admittod Chief Justice Taney, in bis opinion m the Dred Scott oaee, deny to the Territorial Legialature the power to destroyAt least two platforms wfil be presented to •morrow morning, by majority and minority reports.delegation*, including the celebrated Wood delegation from New York. Tbe benignant aspect of the HOB. Fer- nando appeared above the crowd as he, with head un ec-cero,!,'-grsctously rtcerved the congratulation! of frierdl. . Ciafsssst- «•»hiding elements in tbe fourth district, by an arrange me it honorable to both interests, and with a fair pros pent of success. The followit g a the "written ornaton" of one ef the anti Douglas men in the Maine dtiegauaa —UjttXmCeKiiiatiPlatformand the Wood SelegatH KTchvtod from the Convention.It was Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, who moved thebroke down somewhere on the Alabama river. The other hotels—the Pavlion, American, Merchants', Victoria, Waverley, Planters' and Commercial—have all made great preparations to accommodate the strangers to thetf t kOwMaJtawi to Krcoiatioiu.by t kPrtwAbk FioniMUtii tf Jud*e BMglis rceegnixiBg distinctly the rights of the South as asserted intbe place. I enjoyed that pleasure to c impany with anold resident of the arty. Nearly all the butchers, vegetable dealers, hucksters, dealers to fish, fruit, flowers,pork, poultiy, "ssssengers". &c , Ate , are staves— ff 1 •orgies' nomination in 1864 are crushed "Now te VKB*. M— Has dovetaiite * nb tbe IlllrnH Durgtaetor the PretMeicy.Sudden Death of Ex-GovernorK o b i n s o n . o f V eMHIS il» nCDUTi AT CHIRIXSTOS.toe foregoing resolutions, and tf the said National Con- vention shall refuse to adopt, to substance, the propost ttone embinoed In the preceding reeoluUrns, prior to nomi- aa'.i* g candidates, our delegates to said Convention are hereby positively instructed to withdraw therefrom11 Resolved further. That our delegates to the Coarlee- ton Convertkm snail east toe vote of Alabama as a unit, and a ms.lcrity of our delegates shall determine how the vote o" tha ^tat" stall be given.12.Resolvedfarther,Thatanexecutivecommittee,tocental of one from each Congressional dtatrict.be ap-pointed , whese duty it shall he, to the event that our delegates withdraw from the Charleston Convention, in o >diwce to the u-tth resolution, to call a convention of tiedemocrsey of Alabama, to meet at aa early day to c i irrapbs hta friends lo day to adhere to the Clncinna aider what is best to be done.FAELOB VOWS.The caMrn, moderate, deiloerate views of tbe conserveCojt>krrm T—Cer. Prstt, tf IVeky Hii', is smoag the most active « ut worker* at present en the ground, the NstK-cti Comniliec hav ng a , umtii tint av gives Gen. Prat' ample opptrtuni-y to eitrose h>r )*eulitr abilitiesa**, ae,fKt,BISCX-.J-»>EifSTbe great best of tLe wealLtr here—PA iegrers of Fah-OUn SPECIAL CHABU8TQK DESPATCH. CaASxaaras, April 25,1M0.Bx CoveTBor Bobmaan, one of the Vermont deiegMea, OMd hat tight of apoplexyThe Harriet Lane ilearner m hare, and Collector Scheil hM ta axcuraton on board of her planned.SSSATOa JDTHWIS DAVIS' KSBOLrnaSS.The subjoined resolutions, submitted to the Senate byBon. Jefferson Davis, were likewise laid before the Commtttee —piatferm, with the plank added of ote hence to all judi cisl decisions, including that on the Dred Scolt oweTie New York delegation have instructed Mr. Cross well to vote for the Bayard resolution, or the resolution adopted at the Syracuse Convention, which will probablyhonors at the hands of the State They may set it downta ctrta'n that tbelr OcDgressioca! careers are over, anathat a new deal will be dealt, let who wilt turn up Jack.Notwithstanding tbte feeing there are some lubttanti&igcuth Carolinians wbo will not only stand by Douglas it Tbe d R. Spaoldlng ha* been vented by a large sum BORmated, but openly advocate his nomination. Among beret politiciais te day troca all parts of the couatry. there is Governor Aiken- In tbe city of Charleston, too,gtre aim the vote of New Yore, which moat be oast aa a no change or opinion or feeling on the part of the noa- tiavebokiiagStatesottheUnioninrelationtothisinstitu- aaiL ThJ anit uraBgemefit w « made by the Albany tion can justify them or their citoHss to opes aad syste-theplatform* Bachdays delayisinjurioustohtapros-obliged to pay. Corced beef sells at r2l, cents. Veal, p.-rtpiratioD pours from manv a swarthy brow. "Douglas16c a18c FreehPork, 12caloe. Roasting pigs,$1. will sweep the entire Northwest/' cries one. ThePenasyfvkBtadelegationtanotsostrongforDeug-tas Fggs from Rhode Island, 20 cents per dozen—hoteueepera "UP will set tbe prairies a-burning and a burning. as was supposed. A majority are lor Brectiarioge, batBrgeacy to give them tha coalroi o* tha whole thirty ore Tales b t u t * now lamed against them. The two strongest men now appear to be Dickinson and Douglas, and tha probability Is that one of them will be nominated. Tha Northern detegauoaa will, perhaps be induced to takeDickinson in prefereace to Douglas, to prevent the con tesaplated bolt of the Sooth; bet tf the South bolt on the phdform. which us probable enough, then Douglas will hare the boat chance. All the New York asmgalea new deny that they are for Douglas, and it is stated that ttts. Richmond baa signed a paper that he will not go torthat all each attacks are to manifest violation of the mu- here that the Convention will break up to a row.taal aad solemn pledge to protect and defend each other,given by the States, respectively, on entering into theconstitutional compact which formed the Union, and are THE PBOCEEDIiUGS OF THE CONVENTION- a manifest breech of faith, s a l a violation of the mostaverage, provisions are selling at a less rate today than fiiend of the South, let the South say what s taste.the Ttfih •tsasrhiisrms district, are uaaaisaoasly COBAnnexed ta the resolution\C.BsxintrAST 5 DisjriR$16*1 : 160 \ 1 00 }Douglas a the dessgattaa, but not iufft;ient to gtre him a majority.The New York demgntion filled up the vacansy thta with the aame of Mr Barlow, of your atyRtsolced. That the convictions of tbe democratic party of Pennsylvania remain unshaken to the wisdom and iuii ce of adtquale protection for the iron, coal, wool and the other great staples of the country, based on tbe ne ctssiues of a revenue system tor tbe general govern meat and that we approve of the views of President Buchanan on the subject of spectQc duties, and desire ourScrrxKTBX BOARDUtG HOCfXf— nUCSK OS »JAXOThe rote ofm Coavent»oo aasembtad, thai, boid.ag nil smeeaeat JplllJh |Wfc|^nissnBv> tta**TT famaaMa.t 4xasaen — ntoI^ t b *-d ^B c r **T «f the State of AJahesat prtacjpeauponwhichtheybarehertto'o.eaflBtatedaad2. Retorred further. That we reaffirm ao snoo of the nrtt resolution of the platform adepted ta Convention by the democracy of thta Btoto on the Ith of January, U M s s rctaies to the subject of slavery, to wit:—'<The aneea m>d ngbt of the people of the siaveholding Btates to the vrotecmoa of the r property la the States, ta the Tsrrito-^tSZSSSZiacted with the party to bem dtasBy aad hnportance to the rreary, they oontent themselves warn a generalef the Onctsaati platform to T^>% tas-ise i_dorse said ptatform as to slavery. together' with the tol towtag reaohnhm* —to gag them on tbe ptatfon.aeray ail obetaetas to a full enjeymeat of thta right lathe co-operating with Wood, namely, Arkansas, Alabama.or attend the caueuaes of the various delegations ili g ound that they were etaeted by the regular District Con %ZvZ.Z£*J?J*l!?" P « ^ . t o n e t r s o e s e Norto-rneats till the platform ta presented; aad Wood will do the Press ta acsrcriy their property of every description, saw! the/, the same aame thing. He sad the rest of the delegation wBl sapa»d archaectural beaary, bat the twkbT ptitictpettd W the pios#*-fltogs of the Oonvention afte* the Pott OnVe. for mSSS^Z\^, *?£the subtest by aa- shooldremain protected by the UnitedStoleswhitethe tatat, la my judgment, they will have Terrttortae are ander Its sathortty.''sortthe democratic aoattoos tf be be a good man sad%' catlet" mi* cbtamed pessesstoa cf it Tbe ctvw was no*' repair, and re re-.ttiudedwhentbetimetotake up the NswYorkcon fleet hutrittlecrediteposthegeLrosav otested esse arrived. It ta reported tbst thta ease knkt The tanitorv condition of CbsrWestoabas a l ««•at they "Hi want to do to keep themselves 4. Resolved further. That theconatllattoa of the United Ugaod .eaaSstg with «be •astern going States is a rempad betwesa aoveielgn aad eo eqaaltbe platform be all rightBe addressed them thta evenbest for the aeti Wood delegation, aad that they Will obpicved lately by tbe eosatetoetion ef a n u m b e r ? drains in the back part ef the city, by means^«T.1. tbe filth and ofial that tora»erira-c«iu>a*ed are^Sw washed into the sea every day by the neiag aad tatBawTeffan atthey regard as evidence of beeb lty to Southern tote- tain tbe tickets for admissionatoa as a Bhue Into the Union.8. Resolved further, that the principles enunciated by Dooglsa of the benefit of his minority.Douglas, tbere a moderate, conservative man from tbe Eastward, using hta persuasive eloquence to favor of aaunts —The Maine delegation have engaged the ladies' reception 1 com at the Mllis House for their headquartersNew Yorkto-ttoyKUsat tiatiti lf- toe a me0UB CHARLESTON COrtRE^PONTJEirCB. CaasUBros, & C , April ta, laws.sow rax qinuBB or catmasTosr saaAxx> taa ravurx <ever tl•> bad There ta a moicmeat r *» Bjrthe»r ^^ „, f^uomttl09 m ftjjn-ethersaa —t«.«*. ...,...„a|& ,_.„t4 eJ ,ct>< 4,4 Ba(.rafter mtit^rCa-tmavoet, Ba.sUy eveatof, Ap 1112, asaa. heC- »«tton me>i- to-ns rr.rw, anj the city ta fullAlty »•«. v*i .. 1 t hun, ^moiite «< *• f-tisssl D.mi C" c Cf mitiitte, selected to st t-> ap the basinets of the 1 te- tf .er final adjournment, in the rase of the iiotiutu 1or impair, by an legtatatton whatever, the right of pro-perty in slaves, and staintsin tt to be the duty of the fede-ral government, in all of Ks departments, to protect therights of the owner of each property in the Territories;and the principles so declared are hereby asserted to be adoption of the Cincinnati platform. All the delegates of number of 100 to COOeach It was ocefidently expect vi therightsoftheSouth,aadthaSouthshouldmtintainthem. tiie Southern States, with Oregon snd California, voted taTHE PLATFORM OF THEDEMOCRACY, 9. Resolved further, That we hold all of the foregoing -te negative. The rote was 17 noes, lo ayes. propositions to contain cardinal principles, tree to themmost exorb.tecUy for provisions, Ax., aad are, therefore, In a measure excusable for their high rates, you wilt as certain by glancing at a list of the prices of provisions some days sincebe nomitated, or they "will leave their bones 00 the soilot the tend of Morten." They say Doiglas yielded toIUtile Mr Buchanan, and It was then conceded tbstBuibaoan's friends would aid tbe Little Gtent'r baa arrived, and te earaeaUy at work m regard tu naa dto of nvvalion to 1860. But tbey find the revets. trict He and bte eolleegne. it tpoeara at this usae, wi!lfree and independent sovereignties delegating a portionue will probably be endorsed by the Convention.'-knocking down" tartrely known among tbemIne variety cf fruit and vegetables to the marketBAEaOOB VIEWS.lmtfine a crowdeo barroom, A hundred people pre O'gbt rrrensicd e-veral caticguishe* r.events InThe Comail'iee en Crertaatiaw have, decided tbJa aao-MLt, «y a large atajority, in favor of the attwng detentionhen New York.. This will create aa taieaae axcttementk> CoarieatoB, aa Wood baa made an imtnenan impnantiaihere The majority and minority reports are to ha pre- violation of tbe constitution, teaulting to the States so to tion if the platform ta all right.of their powers tu be exercised by the federal govern4sme vote as the previous one. Tbesecond1sthepropositionofMr.Bayard,ofDolete1.siigcastamongtbelireeatersforbisallegedfriend ship for Docglas. Tbey say the Vice Presidency te hat.g tag by those pills. Douglas te ss hated by the South Caro Online that it Is political death for any of their repreaenoftbeti.ackrepub.icaashavingt>-enceeakdatluetaat electionsaie, which will be substantially adopted. Thia ta re trded ss tantamount to a defeat of Douglas, as he teleothernegroeswhohirenot onlyboughttheir ownrreedom but amiasci considerable fortunes in SouthCarolina. Baskets, backets, tubs, tables, coairs andvarieties of wooden toys, such as wsgons, &o , all mano'actured by the slaves on the adjoining plantations, are Utive people to advocate his nomination. Not one who renheit— has- net oimta'sfced tne ardor of tne par- •-it* reo for stle in the market, snd at prices which would does eo, tbey say, need ever again aspire to political ttaats cf tbe eevers catCloaUs but, 00 the other•ptcntsh your good housewives si th« North A sub stanttal watbiub, iron bound and well finished, that would cost 02 or (3 ta the North, is sold for 62K cinf A wooden table, substantially built,six feet by three or tour, is offered at $' 25 Well made willow market baskets, a met, sell at tbe North for $1 60 to $2. sell at 60 rents each Fry brashes, made of tbe palmetto l*af, very neat and serviceable, are offered at 12.', cents, Ate , Ac. Notwithstanding the slaves have the handling of so much1. Resolved, That in the adoption of the federal oonsti-tui»L. the Slates adopting the same acted severally as be tbe basis of the platform. Tne action of the commit r«sb. it ta creditable to their honesty that an lestance ofD eg las te nwf without fneeds, although he Is by no means their flrst choice.sen Huge bowls of claret punch, brandy punch and Ctarlcstcn. inclcdmg tbe Mayor, afte- which th-y were otter luxurious eoncoctioBS of tbe balmy nouto are loan refieshed at the Mils H.-nse,by lnv'taTn of Mr Presstent for the Increased security of each against dangers,domestic as wei. as foreign; and that aay mieruie idhng Mr. Wocd, at repealed calls of the people, made a tmazes our Northern eyes Strawberries, green pass,IIg down 'tu: counters. About un expert biacks aissisi tec. tne cf the attachi* of iba popu.^r hotel An mte thewnitebar princes In Urning out cocktaits. sb»rry resting erifode IT the serentce * as U. *ii|ipree«on, by"theyhave theYetusghtoaarOdd FvUowa, snotoat Free and Enighta TemptarrLACBS -There ta oae theatre here, which ta totorabry wafl sssvperttd. Tbeatsaager cxhintts ssuoh esaerartot. aetaTae meets s dae reward from tbe theatre geers to fTiaitaatati Mrs. Jolia Deaa Hsyse ta now pes ring a ewowssfal ea- gagemeat There are some halls where mlmarstay ta to- dulged to, to whtoh aaedd a n vasts are attasaaad tor aabsaa osati The amasemesta during Convention week wal bo augmemad by tbe toreaeace ef a corps ef youag tad aa "rem New York, who are said to be cetebrsledfor taetrIt seems to be oae of the characSsrtsttos of theThe Douglas sssa thank the vats indicative af ha white BoawJatton ef Cstartaaasn to hasp themselves well rirength.asKew Eagtand aad the Northwest gave ail boused, for they surrender the thoroughfares to the stocks, who are seen everywhere, 10010 so lazy that they can scarcely drag oae leg after the other, while others are the embodiment of stolid indifference. The staves took sleek sad eoatecud, aad pay ao more attention to the strangers as they pass through the streets than tf a sto- mocratic convention had" never been thought of. The white population do not appear to he surprised at theTarritortas, we realhrm the principle of the tota resolu r-roverbtal for their hospitality, tbe South Carohniana •n<i'D Iti< i<nt-M»ni- omiaiiel it-i- peetttoo by de- essspsakofB. ltasuestsare recutar but some of themtton of the platform adoptod to Coaveatioa by the eeme Wssawtppi, Texas, Horus aad Georgia, wBh a sow regard wah saspiioue eyes the targe number clutag that the Convention wss ruled by s mob, who are rather narrow far a t o a u ^ r t T ' « - J S * oT e»Zcracy of thta State on tbe 14th February, 184e, to wit - portion of Lotitaisnns, are resttn oa their of repreaeatativa men present from States hostile to their * ape o tnroegb windows, and tnus obtained access t :• th" etrealnlton o ^ S l Z I ^ S ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ J r iBtateB, united upen the basts of perfect equality of rignts tog to that effect.I M ofcrtd at toe meeting of tha board, whan Bursa teat 6- Resolved further, That the Territories of the United John Cochrane says Wood is a fine fellow, and will set cause. With almost anv other named man for aenndi- to Bigbt Sooth Carolina will go into the Oonventtoo a tbe tide. The Battery ta a well known aad favnrii* 1«,*V (*air way to quarrel with me.sad, if the rtosptlon or the strangers has not beenso cordtal as they aathipated, tt saay be aur1bated to thta A targe cumber of delegates from the South arrived(12 i It * ««• ondaratood that If this resolution hadM > H « ! to oonatie-' toe press aiit, it waste aave been rejected by a(11) Tha a aa unworthy attempt to tea rsj to the psb j»<iu that ail Ox dlrceaors voted to lastsin (be fa aaawte Cwaauttae, whas the fact • that oaiy atoe oat of wen* that voted, aad two athara would have aided with ax ciaemy tf, by aa dciag, the peasejre of the rsttntaltoaJ ! J ? " S " " " " TM ty*** •» »•***» >«e State* have eqaaJrifthto, aad to wtoefa the cattaene of every State may rmbtfa.ly emtgrate with their slaves or other property recognised as nest, to any of the States of the Untos, or by the con that on of the Uattod Staves.wah him hereafter,Mr. Wood takes his defeat to perfect good part.John Cochrane made a peace sad harmony speech thtaevening at the Mills House, to put everybody to gooddate than "Little Doug ," the South Carolinians would undoubtedly open their hearts sad taair heads, sad shew their vastors a specimen ef that hearty watoome for whtah they are so calibrated. Aa it Is, they seam very cold to the strangers—and the thermometer at 90 la the shade There are some noble instances, however, wtnre this feeling dees not prevail, where some of the oldes aad moat substantial people, indignant at the extortionate rates of setae of the hotel keepers, hare thrown openunit for either Davis or Hunter The opposition to Doug as •* fast settling upon cne man, and that man, at present, te Hurler Douglas and Orr tor Vtoe Preetdent te tbe Viirthem ticket at thta ttote. Rhode Island ta a unit forConnecticutnearly so.of the citisens of Chat teston for promenade, AmC^xiasTOK 8. C . April 22—f, P kf tax saw sarcnAM Dstaaarss.fcaatid Mte been defeated. D H CRAIG,Krw YOBS, April SB, 1800. created by the legtaistton of Congress, have no piwer to ahohsh atavery, er to prohibit the mtroiueuoa or the snsee.or to impair by aafrtosdly legisiaUoa tb3 security aad fall enjoyment of the name within the Territories;it casts its rote ss s unit It will probably determine thethe North to eater aad btde with tbem, aad the invito Use. yon saay be sure, ta cordially accepted.Bona, soaansm Dmaraaorrxn—mo rasvaaarjsas, srr irrniamong tbe polttiotans seem to have been succeeded by s degree cf caimaess bcth refreshing and extraordinary. Tbe scenes last night at the Mills House, the CharlestonS Webs er, of Bamttead. CcmmiUee oa Permanent Or- ganization Geo W. Stevens, of lover. Commutes oa Re- sotaliocs, Hon. A P Hughes, of Nashua. Committee on6 Rtssrved further, that the Congress of the United Blates has no power to abolish slavery to the Territories, er to prohibit its introduction into any of tbemGBABIBBTOB, S. C, April 23— aommg nxsT nay or TBS OOUVBTTIOSNEW naitTRHTBE—Tbe New Hatorahire datagattnn met yesterday Hon Jcsiah Mmot of Concord, was chosen chairman of tbe delegation, and the following aelee ionshumor.Getters! Ageat Aaasototod Pram 7 Reserved further, That the Territorial Legislatures, New York holds the balance of power, aad whenever their doors and bid some of their personal friends from The oay opens charmingly, and the orgies of test night were made for presentation to the Cnvenue* - H a R.nomination.THE CRABLESTOI C0I7E1TI0IL sad each onasMtutioaal power certainly does not belong The friends of Guthrie sad Dickinson to tbe delegation Tbere probably never was another occasion when the Hotel, and other placer, were of the most exciting cherec Credentials Alonao Snow, of Newport, Com., ttee onto the people of the Territories in aay oapasitv, before, m the exercise of a lawful autaoritv, they form a CJOBUW tton preparatory to adsstasioa as a Stata into the UnionUTORT OPTHE COMITTIE 19 CRED§JTIA1S. aad their action to the exercise of such lawful authority certainly cannot operate or lake effect before their aimta-have combined against Dougtae, sad win vote for their own men until the time come- to unite on oae or other of the two mea sad cast the vote as a salt, snd thus deprivehotel keepers of Char teston made so extensive preparatioas time and place of boidtag the next National Cvnveatiea. for the eatettetomeal of a multitude as they have at the ter.|*Bere you aught see s stalworth man from tbe Westoreaeat time. Mrasm Nickerson a Percell, or the Mills arguing eagerly with a keen-eyed Southerner to favor of It was voted to cast the vote of the Stale as a unit forDougtae.-The conservative men among tbe delegal*aare sonUdeat that if they can combine their strength. tbey will ae able toovetccmetbeofficestsktagehmeatNorth,South, East tao West, and make a neisitoatioo whxb will be svccess'ul with the people" Tha oputton a not ootn- ckled with by other delegatesrnorms.2 Resolved, That negro slavery, as it exists m nTteenStates of this t'uion. composes an important portion oftheir domestic institutions, inherited from tneir ancestors,an -cxtattsg tt the adepttoo of the Constitution, by whichit ta rccogciseU ss coniUtating an important element of the ttrength in the Convention which hta friends claim for Beef, rcssting pieces, 18H cents per pound, selling a tbe fiery South—drinkers from everywhere. The cohver November, it was on'y problematical witf any other canCHABXIROX, April 36, I860. Tbe Coaveatioa met at ten o'clock.equality ef rights tnd piivi'egus among its members, aadthat it ta especially the duty of the senate, which repre-sents the States In their sovereign capacity, to resat allattempts to discriminate either to relation to person led to the floor of the Convention, occasioning much good or property, so as in the Territories, which are the comCBABXESTOV, April 22,1860.THE SABBATJI BETOBB TBS ( OJTV KVTRN—HOW THB DKLKQATES oian appears. He curses both Icud and deep. Ha comes belled with such fory as tbe pol.iir.al cauldron did lastsokmn obligations.<j. Resolved. That tbe Union of these States rests on thehtm either This is becauae a majority la against him the conatiu ttcnal right of any citizen o* toe United Sutes A resolution relative to debate, restricting speakers tointo a quarrel. They are somewhat elevated. Wordsgicw wvm. An eptihet ta uttered, followed on the other tag in its principles, for tbe sake of success will tight des-aad as the delegation • instructed to rote as a unit, the mn.or.ty do cot wish to admit being beaten, or it ta a mat ter oi policy tUl after the contested seats are decided.Seme of the friends of DougAs here, from New York, my tbty will rote for Seward if their farorite m not aoouiated They are resorting to the game of bluff and brag Bradley, who ta la a minority on the Alabamaaetagauen, offers to bet from twenty Are thousand to i'i> inoaaand dolhvs that be will get the nominationh t now well known that John Cochrane merely made the tnsuil offered him an excuse to baik on\ from op 1 -saig Wood, for the delegation wanted him to aaaok the Mayer, which be ta too aaasible to doI U T f i , }u«t !emrned that the rote ta the Committee on Credentials on the ease af the New York de^tV» eras twenty three to seven Louisiana and Oregon did net rote, aad New York oonld notThe committee on the platform eat very late last night,to take ha slave property into the common Territories;but it is the duty of the federal government there to af- S< teen minutes on all subjects except the platform wasatetakedof. Friends interfere Reconciliation Shake form that cannot be made susceptible of a squatter save haniif More drinks. A Westerner says if people willand are still eitvmg then* e*taga*h»a are kept veryc <*e The probability of aa agreesatnt it •mall There judgmei-t ss to the proper mode and measure of redress.t'isce of holding the Convention*are Uktiy to be two repotta, aad the debate will accspy two or three days—consequently there can hardly be say balloting for the Domination thta week- The retaction of tite fifteen minute rule th<e morning shoes that there will be peaty of debate.CaASXsaroa, April »—« P. M stamrs. Cbaftee aad Doherty. Douglas delegates frommcidtatal protection to iron •rmed in their seam. That gives one more vote for •eferrtd to.—chusetis and Maryland (tbe latter T M Lannaheu and Robert J. Brent), are entitled to their seatsThe report of the minority of tie commiUea was pre s'n'.ed. It is signed by the members of the onmUtee irorn Alabama, California, Arkansas, Texas, Georgia and Mtrsifcsippi, and recommends that one half of each of ths New York contestants be admitted to the Convention, etch to cast 17 votes.The announcement of tbe result wa* receive! with cheers and great excitementA resolution to admit the Wood delegates to honorable; seats on the floor added to tbe excitement, but the resolu ilon wss finally laid over, coder th. rule, until to mor. row.thinkers. They are spt at catching and appropriating the thtm the follow lag — ideas of others, aad then, after having adopted, of rei eIcuuwithorvcittoit slavery,astheirconstitutionmay prescribe tt the lime of their admisrlon "f. ReraiveU, That tbe provision of the canstiti'.ion for tie renoiaon cf fugitives from servile or laior, 'without tbe adoption of wbnh the Union could not have been fors-Jd, and the l a < s o t 1793 and I860, which were enacted to secure its execution, and the main festirea of wbssn. beieg similar, b a r the impress of nearly seventy tears' of saictics by the highest judicial authority, hare anquesuoeable ciam to the respect snd observance of all wt>u enjoy tbe btnehis of our compact of Union; aad thattbe acts of Slate Legislatures to defeat the p-fpase or nmlifv th« leqoiremeots of that provision, aad tne taws nsaoe in puisuanee or it, are hostile in character, sub- versive of the centtiiutton, revolutionary to thei- edect, and if pertis>ed In must sooner or later teal the states,in ;ur-: d by such breeco of the compact to exercise tbelrfour o'clock.Tho Committee on Credentials will report to favor offlto is a ite" ous Douglas man. He has heard that tuWcf-d cetegaticr has heeo bought by the South, and tepledged against the "Little Prairie Man." Heavens bowine goat be is. He looks aa 1 be cou.d make mince mea-of Ferntne'c ane bte whole rrowd Tbe intectiOB spreads ra-- Ibey maiBiato. tnsrefore. that 1 taatfrr bttte toTbe :isolutions of the Democratic Stole Convention otTennessee were also sshsstttod to the Platform Coatmatte.lbs 1.•LBxyhnnu delegation have instructed theirmember of the Committee on Resolutions to insist on a ietotot I'D in relation to thetorIff, similar to that adopted by the Pennsylvania State Convention at Reading, givingThe Cerate on tin report of the Committee on Creden >ta opealy oepoaed to Daigtaa Tbere was only oae representatives to Congress to procure such s modlnea data was continued until ilx o'clock, when it was dosedBSOLASD STklKB, BTCTbe experiment of establisblog wnotesae shoe estabhimA member from Alabama m the f w m i t t e esaid belion of the extattog laws ss the unwise legislation of the republican party of 1M7 rencered absolutely s i r ism ry for the prosperity of the great industrial interests ofPsnaeyrrsasa.JTDGS D0C6LAS' H^TrOBS Inorderthatourreadersmayseewhereto thepriaci-ptrs of the Southern sad Douglas sections of the demo cracy differ, ss regards the Territorial question, we ap. penu toe following resotutioas, taken from the platform adopted by the Douglas democrats ef Illto -is at their State Convention on the 4th of January, 1860 -Resorved, That the democrsey of Illtoota, to State Oaa- VFLPcn assembled, do reassert snd sfflrm the Onflraaati pattorm, to the words, spirit sad atsaalng wBhwhtoh toe same was adopted understood s a d rattfted by tbe people in 1«M, aad do reject s a d utterly repudiate all such tew tasuss sad testa ss tbe African slave trade, or s Or Bgreesxieal slave code far the tarritortas, er the doc- trine that shivery ta a Federal Institution, deriving Its m- bdity a the several states sad Territories to which tt sx- tats from the of the United ustsad of beusg a mere municipal tostttuttati existing in such Stoles sad Territories "under she mars thereof."17 Resolved, That tbe peoole of the Territories respectire »smil be tan pwrteetly free to make rast such tawsardby re ptvictt qcftticn beirg called.A vote was first taken oa Use Illinois question, sad the Douglas delegates were admitted.Tbe vote was next taken on the Marytaad question, and Messrs Brent as4 Lasnahen were awarded seats.A vote wss taken by States oa tbe minority rep HI of the committee to divide tbe rotes between the two New York delegationsThe States that voted aye were:—North Ctrottna, 5 Georgia, 10; Virginia 3>,; Missouri, 1; Alabama, 9, Missis eippi, 7; T exas,4,T ennessee, 9: California,8•>,, Arkansas, a. A yes, 56, nays, 210 So the Dean Rtohsaond delegates were sdmitted, sad the Wood delegates excluded.vanian is quite steady and substantial to looks and in hta mental character the Nsw Yorker te active, scheming aad adroit, whether in the garb or style of a well dressed city ceciletnarj, or that of a rough from Tgsnmsny or tbe Pewter slug, or from the interior towns Tns Penney! vanian baa a local sort of look—the New Yoiker more cosmopolitan The Southern man may be known from hi* quiet, Dignified, (rank manner, and erect bearug. He ta ever ready asd able to respond to argument: but ta not naturally loquacious he, too, like the Western man, is earsttt snd delesmined, but quietly, aad with a certain decree of reaeree. He rarely makes an attack, but willhas not proved an entire success In Chari< stem, altboog" their trade ta considersble There arc three bouses of the kind here, and other articles besides sb >es are added to the list of articles offered for sale. The trunk bosinesi appears to divide tbe attention of the principal shoe bouses here. The strikes to New Eugiaad have caused s rise of fifteen per cent ta the price or shoes sold to Charleston and througbont this part of the Southern country. Tbe prmcipal shoe bouses here are those of Dujgnsm, Tuft k Oo , E B. Stoddard A Co., Force A MiwballW Heael toe k Walton. Mr. Dun bam belong* to Massschusetts He ta a brother of tb- well known General rtoaham, of Abtogtoa. Mass , a ta'g*to itHoard ef ICd neat A spectai meeting trthe Board!•••held yesterday af-mould aa seea see Seward etaeted as rJeagiaa. MrUvaaaa|w,ofMmaeaota,aaidthefriendsofDougtaa weald stay here till the yettew fever eat thane off, let nay other man be nominated.Caitianrrnr, April»— 6 So p. M. rLATTOEM or n a ovatoosu.or.The Commiuee on the Ptatform have voted down. by a rem of seventeen to statins, the Oranastt platform That a a rote against Dooglas.Mr. Tiiesaili, of Mamwatow, saored the following btataa ta the Cnaigmieo on theHits—is, the flrst/iU'vtarreattoe; aad the third, that B is theef the f-.earal gorerament to protect aii species ofhold hta position to the end. He te mare social—more thee manufacturer. A son of General D te also u> beai ccaoctatically icuiai, if I may use such an expression neas here, where he has been kscated two or • * ) « »ternocn. M_A c^mmonicaatan was received from theera of tte Fifth ward, ssktsg an appropriation of Sett to be made oat of the bequest of the tote rteth OVISTSsum tar tbe etiabhetmeet of nbrarte* in the ward, echoota. It was referred to the Ftoacce CcmmfctteeA common •.caV* was reeeive J Irem the tsaeasa Of th*ivnr whtah tt has jartadicboa.•waarrsows o» ran ALABAM* naaocatrv STATSco.vriirnoei. » sa isstaace. LoatatoM was for Mr. Wood yesjtorasy,bat baa beta ukea sway by Mr. SnicHscuw'be realp dull but for the O ^ ^ f X a t a for noeai- A. «e the t & p e t o . cf th« or toat^andidst^fo^noaa-saijon but utile can be said at pr«wwmen are as tottdsnd boasting as ever, sad l ttonk withThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069by thelegiaford, for that aa tor other spesies cf property, the need fnl protection, and i: experience should at any time prove tt.a* tbe jacicia-y doss not possess power to tnsare ade- quate protection, it wii then become the duty of Congress u supply such deficiency5 Resolved. That tbe inhabitants of an organized Territory o» tbe United States, when they rightfully form aconstitution to be admitted as a State of the Union mtytbfn fortbelinttime,tile the peopleofaState,whenformieg a new constitution, decide fortbenwslves whetherslavery ss a domestic institution Siall be maintained orficbibitea within their jurtadic ioc: an i if Congrest shat weld be ready to make their report this afternoon. a 'mil them as a State, " they shall be received into tb»angles with thta street, where are the Pavilion, PlantersHotel, and other hotels and hoarding houses, nearly alltag about politios in barrooms be wilt make a speech, le speaks. More drinks. And so It it tor hours and bouis Ibey talk and talk—jabber and jabber—bet andreign ty coast ruction On tbe other band, tne Southern men. with but a tew isolated excepttens scattermg through in. Nmlhern delcgu-one. 11fist up. n a 1 atio-rm that cat Dei be mii-ukeri or matooostrned. asserting the eq< si 1 ishis oi the Mutb v th tbe North in the common Territories as to toe prelection of all irwptrty . clave pro perly lie ue'ei , aid Ust r> 'err.tor* nas iue irf>»er by on- frtenoly legislatain U>«xc'.e-e or abonth si* v.-ry u.aferrl- tory H*rew1.betherxefitettobegu;with I'Imtelakerrtutehons to «*pect to slavery aad ah other matters of The OjauDlttee oa Platform have just issjataassss toe oceJ concern ss they may determine for themselves, Csactaaotf pior/etm tea mte e/ 17 to lo,the SouthernisMsmtoa denouncing a platform that will not be liable totwo constructions.S t y siid prorpacto la ufe to negtect r j g v -.^bbath breaking is a rare tin it Uiarireton . is t 1. t-1-easse of books or other mas f . ^ g L l T : J r . e ? L the churches here will g.vc cne aa SVca A : BS-S •ut u t open, next caxee np tor e*W**d*r*JZ*L^L TTPrivate advices rewired here to-day by various caadilates are considered lees favorable to Douglas.If he hasThe following Is a list of the prices now asked for pro eis from tbe frosen North, drinkers from the crafty consin. The ground taken wss test Douglas » <• firm a visions to tha Charleston market as compared with prices 'tie111cf the Scute now ss when be was idehsei oy them a fortnight ago — East, drinkers from the luxuriant .West, drinkers from in 1866: aaei that while success was certain with nun intematlc attacks tbereon with a view to Its overthrow. and pects. The belief sa besoming more and more general Were obliged to pay a short time ago 37 li cents. On the aDd all cant put the fire out' lie taa true Douglas' friends in the celcgeticn -art ze»a»cs an I entbuThe gallery wss crowded with ladies, and, on motion, several hundred who were crowding outside were admitOflSBKVBD TBS DAY. to Charleston to expose and denounce Slnlell aad faVuja nlgbt snd tha morning in the city or Charlestoo. ThereNever before, probably, has the quiet of the Sabbath mm. United States Senators from nts State. From what is certainly warm work before the Convention I have he says they are a brace of very wicked men. But beto this peculiar old city been so disturbed by su;h a he bold' a grav bearded defender of SUdell appears. Ac attended several of these great gatherings, and severfeeling.Tbe resolution restricting speakers to fifteen minutes,tnd but once on the same subject, wss taken ap, debated and rejected—ayes 120. nays 121.Mr Robinson, chairman of the Vermont delegation, nature, possess the power to annul or impair died of apoplexy thta morningsaw before the porlUctacs so intense and excited on ooth the questions of a platform and a nominee Tue piatmen possssslnn tf tbe United States, to give advantages to the citizens of one State which are not equally secure 1 to those of every other State.4. Resolved, That territorial l.-galaiure,neither whetherCongress nor achalenge—no cue! More drinks Two Southern young hopes or turn to dross all tbe glitter of Mr Douglts' pre- bloods, rich, with nothing to do but to spend money, get /teniRBs. The Douglas party, though very eccommodelby directin or legislation of an indirect and unfriend-men introduced, and a discussion thereon ta progressing. A Southern delegate demanded that there should be nogag law on any subject.A*, eleven o'clock the resolution wss adopted limitingthta crowd, of about two thousand active pouticians, pro bet snd diink and drink' Five hundred do>lars per dayspeakicg to fifteen minutes on all subjects except the plat form, snd on that the rule of the House of Representatives will apply, limiting each speaker to one hour.bahly, are gathered Some few are on board steamersand to more distant localities, but the mass are withinthat area, especially en Meeting street. The Mills House sndCharlestonHotelhave,Isuppose,some tweivo nun dred. These two hotels are tbe centres From early morning till midasjh'., or till one or two o'clock m the morning again, toe halls, reception rooms, par- tore. passageways, pavement and barrooms of these hotels art crowded with men discusing the merits of their candidates and the eaaanas of each. Though speaking one language, and rhh less difference of accent from tne different parts of the coun-'cr'cnttests one of tbe Hems of receipts at the Mill's Bouse Tbey teli me that the liquors are good. As a general thing, the views of '.he pruxupa'. barrooms are ui favor cf Douglas.t Tbe Committee on Credentials announced that they 1reConventionthen,onmotion,adjournedatnoonuntilSTREETviswa.Knots cf delegates are assembling or the corners of 1ot the sr-ti'h wi.l Insist r-poo such a platter tu. tor tbey aayhe Dtsn Richmond dttagtUon. The Wood delegation re try than the people of any other count-y, and thouguThe excitement expands Tbere ta some doubt about the fidelity 0' a delegation elected by a Douglas coosuiien-; He te tHiet by a cumber of Dongt»s m»n "Tbere te a map ci trouble en that poor man1* mind " He te ex borted ID a loud and impret&ive uiann r to "Hold' nolo' bo»d" Guess be willwbetri tbey yield, to too D .otIts faesie'D ee to th* black lepubl rsts. It yield they nans' tf they are to be reduced to ti-e j camera ot inequality the power might as well be ex-ri-iied by an oreo en* mv as an insidious erne. That w»:. re ' t e poetic n «-f tee Soo'r, wii*. regard to a ptatform. 'An It-og'fs s's&i! upen tnrb a rn*» The war will liegtooeivet but six votes—being those of Mississippi, Texas, Alabama, North Carolina, Georgia and California.AFTERNOON SESSION.The Convention reassembled at four o'clock.A resolution to appoint a National Committee to act for be i.ext four years was discussed and finally referred to a •elect ccmmittee, to inquire into the propriety of giving the Nation tl Committee power to name both the time andmere homogeneous by far than any other people, yet tbere is no a.flicutfy In determining to what section each one belongs. It is not necessary ta ha told til s, Uisre are peculiarities distinct and UDmistakeabte. And the men gathered here are representative men, or types in an ex atterated form,el classic of men, or of the ptople ot oiiWrent localities. Ibere is no mistaking the driving, boisterous, deterssiued, self sati'flVi Western man, full of talk, sever tired of tailing, loving discussion, watching every opportunity to throw teasel' into an argument, and then holding onto it most pcrtinaciiusty and with great earnestness. Douglas is a thorough type of thit class. I see many little Docglases here These mea are thoroughly democratic In the general, comprebensiveg A. af —Tbe steamer Marion, from New York, ritb to i*ay cr tomorrow on ttis q-ration. Then onsnec toeMr. MOSTGOBESY moved that the resolution for appoint a g a National Committee belaid over until after the„ Mass.. ard Mr. Wa Hsteiune to a tall son of Haverhill,nor v cexisicf i ty the award, saa that cbsvnoted 'or wredtn eras under tbetbe year round. New potatoes sell at 26 cents per q isrt Sweet potatoes, 10 cento per quart. Peas, $1 per peck.tbey please." A Oaliforntan appears. Dickinson, of New York, ta hta man,and the man of hta delegation A New Yoiker sppears— rather Seymor.rish. A Peno sylvanian enters: "SomeGuthrie"—"Some BreckinrMg*'' "tome Docgtas." More drinks. A fire eating Louisi*CBkEissTOir, g C., April 23, 1660. "Bubble, bubble, toil and trouble " No wttchee' caulCora*bus Doherty The tatter claimed the teats on tbe -.^7tt,,**flB-'» a prettier aad a better regulated ekty thanBouse, made preparations for tbe accommodation of some1,3C0 guests—they have not half that number. D. Mixer,of tbe Charleston Hotel, can accommodate upwards of1,0OC—net 400 have yet arrived, although a delegation of candidate of less extreme views. The Mute House was curing tbe luting of the Convention. A disposition exists some 200 Alsbsmstos are expected tomorrow. They the moat crowded, being the headquarters of a number of among 1 be delegates from .Maine to harmonic the coo started on a steamboat from Montgomery, and the boatthatfully16,CC0strangerswouldvisitCharlestononthisoccasion; the actual number will fall abort of half thatamount. That the landlords hare been obliged to pay •by tte Etei ntl," snd everything else, tha', Douglas thai!selves, and Just ant pro-?r , and necessary for too gifetef all that is dear to ui, and we do hereby instruct oudelegates to the Caarleeton Cmveation to present themfor the calm ooatideration and approval of thai body,from whose justice aad patriotism we anticipate their Tbe Committee on Resolutions adjourned shortly before A visit to the maiktt houses to Charleston on a Satur to be tbe case; that Mr. Buchanans friends are be unincctstful in knocking or admittance Tickets have adoption111. Resolved further, That ear delegate* to the Charles- ton Convention arc hereby expressty instructed to instal that said Convendee shall adopt a platform of principle*twelve o'clock to-night, after a stormy debate, withoutcoming to a vote. They meet tomorrow morning at tenbeen already Issued for Messrs Dobrnt and Chaftee. The young Iiong-atlies In be delegation ar- growing more and mere entbuttait.c every bocr. wnile the old poltioana grew more and mere »-e»erved aues foryTHE LATEST EXPORTS.CBASxarrox, April 26—12:20 A. M.MajfAiMiKkTT*— ta awaiting tbe arrival of Geo Cushtog NoibiiR dtfiaBe bas seen cone yet Col. John T HeardCDARlXSTOS HARKST DorSBS— PRICKS OT rROVSlOSS, BTC day evening affords an insight Into one of tbe nivehtea oftbe most bitter in their bottllHy to Douglas, sat) tney are therefore, exasperated to an almost Insane degree. Fur tbermoic. they say that If a Northern man is nominated-- Horatio Seymour, of New York, for Instance—the chantieso'clock, when a vote will be token upon the two propositwos submitted this evening The first ta that by Mr. some of them of tbe pure African type. The tbe scceptrd time," they try; "Douglas or nothing;.' dele ;•alien tt ken the same headquarters, and write withmarket was crowded at the time of my visit, "Seroes* with Douglas ta turt—defeat with anybody iise ibe saxe quill.Stephens, of Oregon, adopting the Cincinnati platform, tnd the purchases were lively. The staves receive the osTtato-''snd reaffirming tho Dred Scott decision.This proposition will probably be voted down by thetne Western people sre the most excited. Tneymoney from their, sales, sad account therefor to theirmattets. Some of them are more expert to makingsbange and sulking a Bargain than you will find to Washington or Fulton snerket. (me free negro, a butcher, the bet-t prtnoent Some South Carolinians axe pa.u^u aUb successpay* taxes on *30,C( 0, and ta the owner of several staves. larlv fiiei.rtly to Hunter, for tbe reason that be was a Piioir ,VJ_».M.—le active'; at work and has as much Ue could not be u rive n from tbe State. Tbere are many friend cf their beloved Galnoun. Orr, of South Carolina. tsflcetiee as any other New AugUt' State, in ooc«. .,t»»neeby any one or more states, or by a combination of their speech to night to front or the Mills House, to which he atpartgus, vegetable? of all kinds, together with oranges.citizens, with tbe domestic institutions of the others, on bacatut and other tropical ftaits, are to be found in abunany pretext, whether p.-litieai, moral or religious, with said be was willing to abide by the action oi the Conven dance A rather pretty colored girl, atieullng on* of the thugs The weather is hot; the people aro thirsty. Loud tenor—it being against the Uw lo na. such music in tbetbe view to their disturbance or subversion, la in(run stalls was told thai we wer6 from the North "I know d sat," ebe replied, -'as soon as I seed 'em " She was sssed how she ecu In tall that we were Northerners "Oh, 1 can told jou Yaukees as fsr as I can seed you.cobblers, mint juiips, smashes and all sorts of those order of tte police authorities, of tre a* um*—bass aad diclaroa'itns, secret conclaves, soft and hard whisper streets of Charlestcn after ten o'ekx-k at night. The rolllogs, piottings and counter picttuigs. stratagems, pipe- ot tbe drum is said to be the signa. U. areas in case of a laving, and all other surroundings cf a high bloodod servile insurrection at nightpo'litical convention, give a sest to a social drink that no The Douglas men had a rallying meeting at their beadtorfered with, endangers their domestic peace aad trsn- quility—objects for which the constitution was formed— and. by necessary consequence, serves to weaken and destroy the Unun itself.atated u one o dock, and a great debate la expected. It • neted that thia reaolt baa Been brought aboot by a pledge to the Sootk that the daiagaUoa will not go far Dooglee, bat tor a man acceptable to the South.tomaaeerted by Dichiaaon • friends on the rtawcitimithat ibej bare cow teccred a majority for him, and will the apportionment of powers among the htttoS; aad that biro. could it not be exerted to stop discussion and carry fortnight ago at 30e»nt£,a rate the hotel keepers were s*uon is beaten, attnough the drinks are cooling. Tne dtoateOCR SPECIAL WASHINGTON DESPATCH. WASBnrcrrox, April 26,1800You Yankees are too sharp for us Southerners. Won't otber excitement can produce, and yet the bright and quarters taat night Strong speeches were ma/e to tovor you take some banans, sab '' She banded us a bunch of titgrsnt rotes you see through yonder window seem lo of Douglas by Senator PcgD.of (tow, Gen I.'uler.of the agreeable fruit, and refused to take pay therefor, weep and bew their beads sorrowfully in the gentle Ilhcre A H Ce.florth.of Pvnnsylvanta Ryan, of In "Cos we were Strang gen'l'mtn " South wind as each drink isswallowed. There are drink dtass; tier Gorman, t•' •linneecta, and Mr Bragr of Wis-tive Southerners arc that hunt, r of Virginia, would maketerogeneous crowd as to day. From tbe four corners of theearth—that ta to say, from ail parts of this great country,whtah, according ta onr American egotism, comprises inha limits the ciriaaatkm of the world—men hare come tonominate a man for President. Within the area of aquarter of a mile square to thta city, embracing tbe MillsHouse, the Charleston Hotel, and the hall where the Con aije by a blow on the breast' Hatchets and bowte knives perately against s pisiform, or at least against any plat vention is to be held, all on Meeting street, and at rightmuKP rrvK DOLUIRMrta DIYJelrgatiR from New York (anti Wool), ITUnote, Mass* sente ot the word. Ibey are greet talkers, but not great Tbe Mills Boose baa a number or placards, amongThe Committee on credentials reported that the sillingrating them in the same terms as earnestly ss if theywere original. These are characteristic features however, of tbe Western man of the New Entlan 1 stick moretKmn of any other Nor is th re any difficult* In ilenti obliged to submit to it fytag the man from New England. H • does not carryJhimself as erect and defiant as the Western man, ho does cot go ss dirert snd botaly to the question; be beats round takes a toituouu coarse, and is evasive; he argues, while be apo-a-s to be inriiriog. rather turn by bold statements or assertions His words are measured, snd they come partly out of a half opened mouth, and partiv liicugti the tcse, whue the Western man opens lu« mouth wide, and the words tpp-sar to roll out from the bottom of bis threat The Ktstern man appears to be oauuocsly caiculaiicg always the movements around bin, and bow be ma) turn them to tome eccoant He can pump at rank, open mm ded person dry to live minutes, without having communicated an idea. Tbe men here from the North, too, may be distinguished from the rest,C +++*+*+**++*+"*laxe. Httiter, Bswkiari-isa, Guthrie, Johaaon aad mat y others sre speken cf as tht man, Oat there ta ao <rafctiz-tit a at present to ehc # which one it will beThe vtea'her it urustiSliy be4 here fer thi* nooatb Whv ;3 it that the WniGcratjc Kabcnal Contenttons are heated, sweated ard ainsest burned by the sun * No matter where these ecDventicos be tWd, or at what 'ime. whether in the North or Booth tney are aiwaye btlo In themidstof b.t wetth*r. s>*ry one tnowght It• oi'.u oe a itsnperste. pteaesat tin,e of the year in Cbarltston. and bete we have tbe heat of the u-epsea 1 euT!>06t if these (xmrerttona wer* beki m winter it wocio bt the tame. There is some rvervidenttaJ t**^** rBt-tfetl to sweat and tormeol toeee noisy, cm f.w-gghg poiitxiant wbo assemble onbut not so readily And then, again, the New Yorkershould have assay vacant beds or rooms by ^«~f-L ic—Cathedral, at. Mary's, cA lainck's ¥ .rt^fs— '' s^nsica w.S adtpted t l r ^ f g i 1 * Chusxasto!*, April 9s-4>«4 P. ht Tie nomination of Mr Douglas ta considered certain nlgbt. P e o p t e w t U a o t i t B B d i » y l M n « * ^ ^ Chuich street. Coagregsttsasl—Ctrcakr an 11. •treet <#.-l»-..i tn ihe Ninth ward «ipca "•" aw» wct^RJ^aw »/The rejeettoa of the Wood delegation thta afternoon wasexpected, but ih* vote agatom them ta larger than wasThe entire Now York and a part of the Sooth Carolinadelegation will vote Icr himThere appears to be a better feeling between the Northaad South, and the Committee on Platforms are laboring for harmony. The large vote on exutodieg the Wood delegation ta Kg:reed aa favorable to Douglas No one but the extreme Soctfteraeis now dispute hta nomjto'Joc.muifiertnt bcatd aad to steep oa cots withacrowo« .ahtiB. IDthe aame room, wstwsver thstyasmdobetser^ I understand toe other hotels and boarding "/"^J t a e talking 01 krwertogthetr prices****??*,>£ the ciyuther«»—t-t. J An s iLugttbi.'/.ioa Etsrg-'<« •new t (German). Mtthoditt— Titotty.Pethei.OcaWt»r>L"o! No•.inier ef aaowan aad 6rove reperteda baiance of 1to the Tei•stasias, on the higb seas, er any aattarpated. The friends of rhekmsca say thta was owingresident fanilits arc In the country | S t , s t » » » —''" noes. CTe f . , *: wasatat-;-' s|aaw|s*taoaa.to h» attack on that geatlemaa, aad that South CarolinaUntitled Documentcording to his account Sudell is a good asd a true m a n -true to bis friends as steel to the magnet More drinks.A Northerner's orthodoxy te questioned. He becomesenrsged, snd pronounces the statement a damned he' No form will be the touchstone that will either enliven thethe stieets Tbey talk earneatly. Here and tbere te an tbere » no either tasne of importance, bare A any other enc.tec individual. He is ready to harangue any crowd ihateaa enter mto tbe Presidential ootieet man fits of•be .4• a.nv of tbe »a«ee IDrespect te th.- c. rumon Tern •or1 It tbey give, way upon thta point cr leave the qoeeticn m an eejuiveeal state, they say liven; te nothng cil but submission' to an interior pawHiOD in the eootelesome seventy Wood delegates auu alternates, ioas flred a gun, and arrived at her ccckThe following notices are petted up conapicuoaBl.- at tbe principal hotels.—ottiet e,-.esii c,whc is to bv the nomincet There te sa vet tar-.ly a n y of ligh: !otgia> eannot be. uolcsw the tlooib fven uf, all ttaat >l* (teuple las repreaentativee in ootl. netsus oi' Coatfre*a, ito peefe, asd lis pLallurma aa Tiece ^1' .he n.ffertct 8 aw* r u m a* the ouly ground It:-ac riard umn tti'''.be S-•. th give uc' Who that tin oeistLcds the Sontbrrn n«eplt can beiwv- li,-y will ;it 1 ft this great pru.;-iptt1 l.v jguas being'»i. of tbe way tb-c. wbo can tit -outh t*a.- that will get a two •bi'ts vote W'll Itcugiti, have »s>e pewer v. prevent a1 •.-r '..' < 1. cf a man on the Moutbern ptatform. asd will ne est. inat nearer Bit p a t -ass ate v.ott.ui and dea- perate 1^'.s yoi, te' wbtt tiouble there is probably\X wsriin—caSEniK's orrita— BUBS A DtrtwrThis rule was Icexorsble. The high snd the losr were be 1. re tbe CnLvenlipnrBoexax Yora M>»ER TIGKBTB^Good board can be cbtaine\ at pr1»it6 he•!;.:« at th^ rate of $1 per day Thta te Bot legarledas usreasouabte WHOLi&alX 6BOB SSTABUHIBSMS II. CIUKISSIOS—TBS StW'ir whs' * :«' Hfre te a nice 4 tor is* HSWAX£^ and 1'ti.iiylvantan are unlike each other. Tbe Penosyl Itebments—branches of tbe large booses at the North— phticeothers Pi'Sse emtgbteD the or id with regardthan the mea from the North or the East MTstoddsrd is ansirre of Upton. Baesjcaeo 'bis part T»eet> flirt ward, asktog that the arches of 1 Be te somewbt' proud, it ta rather, however, nets bails from North Carolina. Mr "Force at a native of irx.f-olbt-t.se in ccurse of erection la Tweaty pride of ctaractsr than any thing etae, while at New Jersey, snd Mr. slttebeil of North Ca'obna Mr »ree 1 b< nilrd in with iroB.laatead ef trtthtbe same time hta manners are simple, easy, anIutterly nee ftom fcantetw. He appears to be more a manot thought than s,f action These types of classes or ofstclient of our countr v may be distinguished to the crowdat Charleston. more to tha minner of observing themThe death of Governor Bobtason, of Vermont, was an than 1 rem tbe style of disss or personal appeeraaoe to ness of msnufactnrtog shoes ta net earned on » » y «oa: lesciuUcncf thc-Brsrd was rescinded, and ration offered by the local Beard passedThe < fi cent of the FVgbtofnth ward &akisg iKrvtaf tea to hire room•*ry, to be mud as school rot:mme* on secoctt of the character of tbe request titsliy rrevtotett.Lomination cf candidates for the Presidency.Bounced to the Convention, sad a resolution of condo- lence with hta family was adopted. It was stao resolved o accompany the remains from the Mills Bouse to theboat immediately after the adjournment.The Convention then at seven o'clock adjourned.other respects.teat to South Carollas. ^^^^^ ^ L , nuBiaw•»carBtirts. Bnavoioart " " " ^ ^ h churches. 1J annetavsatog 1Tbe hotel keepers aad people'or Charleston have misevculateo, evidently, the number of vaster* expecteddmfog tbesit tag r-f the O n vention from present sppearascee there will not be probably over four to Iretbooaanu strainers on the occutcn Many sappose therewill sot be ever three thousand. Except the Mills Housesad tbeCawkssna Hotel, I suppose the hotels will not befull. These two will bo because cf their location andca- ijten to eiorcsae tatan trod tne cut's utw»t •ea-e f'ebate was leftxred to the tjBss»taa»w» paeity. I should not be surprised, however, • " " • First, Wtttwortb ttrttt afid Cnaoel si-att. t \i»Utu Pa2nealoCllvtaWt.il l i . ^ ' » w«w »*.^«—~». gsteraisBd « r * ^ , , ( » t i . „ r e to cne- •The *trrei law passed by tbevtr L . • r the aietnhcttoa awnag tbe wards ef theUtl. ^b^ing^«no.lVal to a yes*, mas, s p . •. . •10m tbe to vestment of the Cased I ; +.*• with the Stole of New York, and a•nd Sprttg strett. Presbyterian-First, Seeonti, Central iioae street, Zion Pretbytortan (colored). «>yi»»g • ? « * -Coagregattas Pher.t larael, Coagregatioa K K , tVtbe'too. Unitarian—Arrhdale street. French 1 o*. s t . /Churcb street. Mtthaessl ProteetaBt—Weatbworth stre*-Prctetteat Eptaoopal—St rhihp, St. Michael i, St Pet-" >. ,,c »C**OD was takes open it* ! • •band they pitch into the busmen* of button holing and ekriorxciing witn the e-'ucr o' new reci mts, and refresh their zeal with tbe aid winch, in a warm c imate, is to be obtamed through tbe moat l-it'iiious. potatiens.Among the number were Governor Satau>«,of Wtaoos- tm. ano Messrs Ho;a acd Knapp. frrm tee tame State. Gilmore's band is to day ( iunda>) playing sacred music, to the deligbt of bunarra* of visiters Ine band lastdron, agitated by whatever number of Satan's imps, everTv- Fit tee <wmtoBw8ii^A »« oft re. by Mr faissua-rsietn cf rMtftwl?ie b-wr of s%ou amtnt savtagsrrived t.toregutale*e www.fultonhistory.com 