 iMr. Patbx offered hist'ue whole, and a Massachusetts delegate proposed aiother set. *All the reports having been presented, Mr. Avxav addressed the Convention, claiming that he repn- sentedthe seventeen Democratic States of the Union. lie alluded to the fact that V ezico and Cuba would, in-reallyit would toke place on aad Saturday, (to-moirew,),j|kBaald)okB TalUa, do deolare and lay that 1 am (be Bdalei at BcettalB nevapBper entitled MlSTri.h8IJK'B UXuRTBaTBD NEWSPAPER.ABd I, the aaid George TIeken, do declare and sayentered upon ita dotles.lir. Atibt, of North Carolina, presented the Haorily report, and begged the Indulgence ef the Con-Hr. Babibdali, of Mississippi, made a concise, lo-OL. IZ—NO. 90-5.•tojTitta ooraar itw michampkx but, BAiwmrBmiA* AMD BAT&BB. •HanftmiMTnMial agant In I^andon, avubm,«•aft titTmei tiwt tb« ftsbt«a*«CU«a>elMk*a the morBiacof 'ft«aikial«t(«(taih*wCheamBK- d*t*alT* >ke rabU< the flnt»ik--nihi4ed In 117 lut to ito vblch I bad mkde U Lob- Initnctlonf. Tbey an^„ two «nt-nt« artiits, •.a, an... u>d a«ar(« JlolMrta, Era.M, lb. Bcnksoa, oa tba marnlDc of ue B^t. , _»»• a largo Soablo-page block "»fly/ "*"*«•PRICE TWO CENT&—^WTTH A SITPPLEIKNT. iiMi•'inetnhjeoycmoemnmtonrightsand person Territorie*, that any at-queuces dependant upon the action of the Convention new ai-sembled to tbls city. He said that upon its deliberaitons and conclusions bung the existence and continued consolidation of the National Democracy,Nationaland that upon tbe Democracy rented thecontinuance of the Union. He proieedeo to counselharmor.yandcalmdeliberation, andappealedtothemembers toweighwellandjudgewisely. Ue present|lythis he replied that while the report represented mJOBIT¥ IKD HINORITT KEP01T8. cevccteen States, and the first minority report repre- iODted fifteen States, he had the honor of representing the thiity-two sovereign Statei which had heretoforeminority reparU is signed by B. F. Bot-•t Ubc mtStUABeat, to ual" roar ipeadalfuture, aad asked if the Convention was willing, in The principal minority report, however, is signedSooth, they kava the tBImt (brown at toem that they cannot pioaiM tfeairtbeoon- S«aoMMk.vUokvtlltbonbetakeaapwtPolice.THE! IPLATFORM REPORT. A CKUIB APPROACHU6. Speaial Diapatch to the Kaw-Tork TSmaa.Cbablbbtob, Friday, April 27.elected power ganlzing the Supreme Bench, to botr to ita decisionInstaBtly,Tke point took, and tot a few momenta the coafu-sion was universal. Tlie delegatea and risilors ap- plauded add cheered till General CuBBOia felt in duty bonad to interfere.Connecticut, New-Jersey, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, Miiinesota, New-Yorkplatform would aominate President If a few Soatb-^&kt;Mr.BenbanwlllfkrtobootS mMuoiTbe are pointsUsOf the NewBaUtfb7 aU Ifea arttatt, aad Iha SLTIh MM MlSbad. «iT«n into the baa4a afIkeaapa****<'"'*"'^^BlaoeaareImhud.:1st.aad forUDf tbe osBplete bloek.< IihaUfatapapeHbateopjofyimt, aad hara alltbe pa(«a eteotrotyped here, ' Sm^haai as* all,aad mSl the plataa iorm by ^TaaniblH. w that 74a eaa pat the« risht «M» as joar laat praaaaa, and be la print Tat- iijililj inii iliiTiiil i^in reaebea bar deak iB Ifav Tark.Ua aati vSl ba aBcnTod at the oSaa al VMaita tayOa k l«a. when the nnett workproperty judicialracy pledge themselves to the deciilona of the 8o- fayto tke last. TheOF AU8TII1 AID lOMnbifHi T Mfm Wt-fnTfii* r*iaduw, and at . .r«fFugitivetoadbBif fcBaBth'a. ^"* BaBMaa«BdlBC 7onthei«er«»t7fadp)ataataThe majoilty report is in substance at already tele-.jgaphed.At Hit A. M. the Convention reassembled.The majority was read reportprotect the rights of persons, are adopted by a largeful. He MBtiwdtd that Am Dakoolhae NPViMMtaccevt defsal sHHl eheerfalaas, on a iHaeliKe ralfeerthan seek success with its vtolattoa, aa>: ok to the sobersecondthoughtofthepeopleforjustificattcnaadrestoration. Be concluded by eloquently urging theSouthern delegates to be true to their conatitattonalduty, and not to lend theouelvcs to a palpable wrong,toobtainapartyvictory. Iftheyallowthemselvesto be thus made tools of, they should be hong on a toe 13to tost, and toe Ctrcatstsa reached Oalvaf««Aftam, I^5llMBd7a«l*.«M«oplia, emit- atkw, fo that >ea w)U be ahla to tarahk a ^mH adittes iBBediately after the •taamer ar-innanyefysurconpeUtaithaveIhagheatof• ahanee acautt tiieh eoletpriaeBaah it ue daaand lor yoar Cbaapion Nom-kavla ^t'—' that I have eaga«edt« farnlih lift haaaca of flBith k Sea aniTQcorte Vickera vMk UMM oapiea ef FaAHk tiun'B luvs- BBAtlB KamrAFD, priated in London wtlhin •vaatyiaBrhowsafterthe«()>(!1 ten nry little doubt that tbore wUl be a dMiBad lir three time* that asKber here. Thoy ^EtthaTe all they want.Tear Uttleenterprlae haa tolte aataniihed tbe X_bab_U-A people ! _afteraoan of the llto and the Inst,' fl^IaatthepabUaberof theetid Newipaperas a substitute forand I, Si aaMAacaatuaBawllscm, declare and say that I am~~platformMme Newspaper; ana we, .JJehB nllla, George Tickera and AuKuitaa gadotajtherdecMlreaad say (bat tbe ^^resaid .,^par ia iateaded to be printed at tbe printingexplanation.He sketchedEx Gov. KiRO, of Missouri, a large slaveholder,proprietor of tt>eiscltoed, because toen toatpaperwould harelof ihes,aidJohnTaina. sitae e and being in Wa-the vote on each. He then la anwito a Sunday edition, to which all the', Strand, in the Pariah of St. Clement, Duiei, inexceed, fairly-intended argument-of the whole country, and not to be as seetiooal on thelutions were not to. apcededpar-nty of Middleeex, and to be pablished at the pub-eoutteous andAlabama,efloe of George VIck.rs. sitaate and bciog in ,ceart. Strand, ia tbe aaid Pariah of St. Clement, .;andwedoaererajlymakeihlasolemndeclara- , eeaaciantfoualy baUerlng tbe same to be true, and AbvaraaaaoeofanactpassedintheseTentbyearoftbe aalaa of hia late Majeaty King William the Fourth, in- tlguad'** An act to reduce ttie duties on newspapers, and laamcnd the laws relating to the duties on newspapersone sideas theRepublicansare onthe other.of theandwiththepopularsovereigntydoctrine,aspro- His(Pdgh's)remarkswereof-themostscath- affordedtotoecheappapers.BatagaiBsttUsAaIB- claiined in the minority report, no sKveholder would ing character such as were neyer before heard doubtable WiLxxs, of the New-Y'ork S/lrtt if tks"Deemred at the Inland Berenue Office, Somersetenemies. Hisexhlbltloaap- pealed to gentlemen to correct that error, and toBad adrer tieemenu.was made to fix toe time forhim a weak the appototad time, aa it may seam gooda. In the City of Westaiaater, by the said John ^_), George VioternaDd &ugastusRawlli>gs, thisMthvery He made it appear an evident fact that to thewhat Bat-BB ef April. ISBS, before me. Ono suchNorth entertain sentiments. Thereis adis-the coBstitntionality of squatter sovereignty, quottogbbbttake aad reeeiTe declaratijna under the prorisioiu of Ika'hat « aad 7, Wm. 4, cap. 1<._begin. The contest would be between the free col-aa the Free StatesSlavery was wrong. He traced the rise and progress of Abolitionism, including as such Repub- licanism and Squatter Sovereignty. He lostwith great force and eloquence, and concluded atgive us the evidence that our sympathy is well 10^4 more tiian two o'clock, having spokenfistic rencoitrre were to take toplace toe iBBd af thetflgned) JOHN TALLIS, GEO. TICKERS.ored menare concerned,ACoaSrUd BA WLIWG8. THXUWILLBg«0FAJLUalIKaioUTOiaODELONDON BXTKA.placed.Aeve,"bat Bovsta-9t» aditiaa of ear paper, and tiie duplicate stereotype Ilack of courtesy to the Southern men of God, that they could not obtain admission to Nortbsmto the Nsw-Terk Timsa. Wabbibgtch, Friday, April 27.yta*-". will be taken ny hiaa on a special train (engagedsaying pul- In referring to the Dred Scott decision, he al- luded eloquently, tenderly and affectionately to CalefSpeeitd Dispatch—4,0e0 strantCTBin the city probablyrepreaeatlnga Black RepsblicanIstance to theIBs monht.I done veil ? The leana will ihow.»• opened,aad the fourth in relation to naturalized to reply to Mr.YAiioar,at 7J< P. M. aadyauCkamiiioatha thaythly arebeforeDemocrais^wtil the battle Ifyon'.aU-aborblng question was, what will be the state of things In the CosTcntlon when the discussion on thesent to hide his diminished head.BoiuA said he need not hide hia head if he were in.IFederml Protection. the plank which bound the Democretle Party to the;decisions of the and ralizcd. Supreme Court, past, piesent;O. u>dprotection of all its citizens, whether native oruata-at the South, heliere in popularaad pat on board the VandtrbUt steamer, whleh is now This drew forth applause, which was counter-fylir. GeorgeWilkee) from London to SoothAmpton,.II!II!Isovereignty.aaaiij due, and we are prepared to slate that WS SHALL,hushes on theother side of the house.pits.Mr. DocLAS' residence was crowded up to midnight with frleads anxioosly inqolring the latest news. The platform reported by the minority is entirely" How such a would astoaish fightquotoanEnglidimanoftoeoidschooL" MoBaaaar,'Notaoanch*K SHALL, WX SHALL, VB BUALL, WE SHALL, wb shall, WE SHALL, WB SHALL,acted byReferringSouthern compliment, saying he was entitled to the grstltude and love of every man at the South for thefacedness, but to stand by principles, andas but still it would be an event in formerly,WE 8BALL,manlyRepnblieim AboUUonisai.U ondeistood toat Uefight wfll not takeWB KHALL, JBIIXBIATELT ON THE ARRIVAL OF THE IMIIBDIaTELYontHi'.ARttlTALOFTHE llUiBD.a.T£l.Y ON T-1E ABltlVAL OF THB IMMaOlATELY ON THB aKH1V«L OF THEdisttngulshed participant in that victory. He closed veLiion the opiiiioiis of Secretary Todoxt and Vice- Mr. BooBisAN he cannirttbe nomina- Well,place on Monday, on which day ridicoloai iiiilliiasaSB,IMMIUlatELY ON THS AKRIVaL OF THE IBBBDIA'SLT ON TuE AKRIVAL OF THS mtHDiATEi Y ON THE ARRi^AL OF TdB imiBDlATJI.Y 0«i TH« ARiiiViL Of TBS nUUDlaTELY ON THE ARRIVAL OF TBE TAN11ER9ILT STEiMER,all she desired, or all the had UcmAnded. At the con- out asSlavery, they may determine,and siiid hetoon the hended that hissylrani^COMPLIMENT TO MAYOR WOOD. From tke Ckarleeton Courier, April 25.of two mighty nations. All " beak-doai" will be astiron that eventful mom. and oltl- Dogberry r«r^<splied a toousand-fold, malicious as Habbt of Bow-alert to apprehend all true citizens charged wito la- tenttokeeptoepeaceoftoeQueen. Intheoteaa-realaa, Dewuas,VANOEKBII.T STEAMER, VaBDHRBII^TSTEAMER. VANDERBIL' SrEaUER, VAND-HBII.T BTEsaES, VaM)ERBILT STElMEtl, VaNDESBILT STKaMER, vani;eb.bilt srEBwaR. VA.NDEKBiLT S' EaMER, TAJ8DERBILT STKaBEB,ISSUE OUR ISSUE OUR 1S8TJ«; OCR ISSCE ODK ibsuE oca lescB oca LONnoV EXTBIL LOhDON aXTRA LONDO-u EXTBA LONDON EXTR* LONDON EXTR4. LUt-DON 11XTR<1 LONDON EXrRA LONuONfXT'A LOMUON EXTRSi LONDON JXIKi LO«D0.\EXTKA LOJiDOi KXTRA LONDOS EXriiA L4INDON »Xri4A LONiON EXTRA LONDON ("X^RA LoNi'oN EXTRA L-JNOON E.XrSA LOMDOM EXTRi LONDON kXTRA LODONKXTRALONDON EXTRA ororOPorHeDuring bis speech the applause in the gall'^ry was Toombs, Masok, and other Southern Democraticmade to the South, and charged all the troubles no4r >'BaNK LESUR'S iLLUaTKalED NEWSPAPER (creed upon the country to the squabbles of Congress-CtisriestOD and of Souto Ca'-oUna, might receive as-surances of continued amity, and that, however:bad—this wont do.TBABK LISLE'S ILLLSTRITBD NEWSPAPER BBABB LESLIE'S ILLnSTHATBO NEWSPAPERConvention in view of his position and his inability to Bgree with either the minority or m»j>rity. Ttieclause relative to the protection uf sl-ive property onthe seas, he cautioned them would be regarded bytheir opitonents as an attempt to reopen the Slave- trade. Mr. PuTLAB, in alluding to tire remarks of Mr.who atenotcustomers,and addressyoar sappllea-BkANK I.k<SLIE>a ILI.I.STRaTEO NEoSPaPER in the House ofFbANK LASLIE'S ILLlInTRATED NEWSPAPER menBBaNK LtSLiik'S ILLUSTRATE!) NBWhFaPSR in a long and dignified argument, that the Northern bbamk ucsub's Illustrated newspapkbbbimk lhsub's illlstr.tbo newspaper branch of the Democratic Party did not insist uponOaataialag the best plctnie of the Sght that will be ^alished,withoverseventyportr&ltaofpui^Jisticc;-urged them byof their ovn section, to pause ere they plunged the by 160 votes.He said: ijvclromeTOU, Sir, to Souto Caroltoa. Herand conservativepeoplepitociplesforward with coniSaence to toe perioddeattoies when you may lie called forto to lend your wisdom and counsel to toe Executive administration of our common country.Sir, we feel honored to havtog toe opportunity to hear from your o *n lips what we have so often readBytie guishedyouat least 150probaUy photographic portraits of.dtatlB-Mmthia great eyeat,—not yieli saying, however,will becountry dlqtat^ad toitles aad other picttuea oi interest coniiscted withTheminorityorcompromise reportwill beadoptedhedidnot blamer«KXH BT THB IKSTANTANEOnil FBOlObKAPHIC PROCESS, Ui8>ANTANE0D8 PBOrOfiBAPHlO PBOCBJiS, nBT.NTANKOUS PBOtOGBAPHIC PBOCEnS, IRbTANTANkODS PHOTCXiR iPBIO PROCESS, njS'ANTANEODS PB0T09BAPBIC PROOBSS, iNBTANTAN* ons PHOTOOBAPHIC PBOOBbS, i£IX^5I*''E0U8 PHorOGBAP8I3 PBOCESJ, 8iiI-iEI*'"'"B8 PBOTOGRaPHIC PBOCBSE, fiJII-tSI-^SSOf'" PHOtOGBAPHlO PB0CES8, MfJ-iSSiSSSF" PHOTOBRiPHIC PROOESS,thatthe Democratic Party for the condition of alfalrs. Heflare-up ism ?of the Ring, toe last flash ofazfMMla pagll-PROCESS, S!iJ'fCJ-^SI^X'.''S PHOTfiGRAPHIO PROCaSS,He rebuked severely and sarcastically those South- era orators who so glibly ssy that the South hasPlatform, wi'Ji the fallowing additions:TMl?t2?i?SPK2 £H^I?««APH'cplatform.As Iiha paper win be stareotyped, and the plates iudui>ii- BaMtent^ thla oonntr;^.Supreme Court, could in no way injure the Northernand,.^f,-,, ft.tax rft a \JlAj tA^< - -.-*.%..to the will of thethe best he could under all circumstanoes, buthesuffering, adopted'to .toy consequence of theU the firit time that aa American paper has beencallingIn their naturalized citizens inpeir>uual friends,IJ la London.IMBfc Laalie's arrangementa are of the eompletesttheir admission into the UnionrlesWyman of Cambridge, and Drs. Thaver Dadd, vetirtnary wito Measrs. surgeons, Ctoomgmeitshseirouers, assem-fact Satsis, as scarcely requires explanation.'lhBUardrrafarhisL0''DON EXTRAOr FRANKJE'a Il.LUSrBATEbN£WBPAPER with instant be,byadmitted into the Union, Slavery or no Slavery.Mr. BABXsnALx, of Mississippi, proceeded with a violent but eloquent Southern speech. He declared that when the Democratic Party dies tbe Constitu- tion will die with it—that if the party failed In itoLothiopand \ialker, Stotetoebe walks along the stieete. might l>e taken for any-BaifB »orr^_ BDinoli of tba touaUjartaaeslpt *UA«tt kaiatwarded-reportfor antemporaryn#ll»MA£%B«.mn>beingthathe ipnsMsaBFBanK LESLIB'S^and to consult as to toe.f=V^-^?f,'° ?S that Saisis U afraid of aeetlncI,taHVT ILLUSTBATSO EXTBAConvention, saying he would dotions favoring the admlssiOE of the delegates fromthe m.ladrideaofsuppoainfb^ ^'^f,l'ff^^,,,Sh^,tmteoSe Hxbhah, or that ha would resort to so desptoablajj,g FDBLlBBEDINLONDON.  ALLOT^^^BCSIaad sngfea-:^^'*^^tt.imeaaM *f>aii thraw'"!^ i^iJ"*'^*^ that theyBe on jourB0> in Mm angelic atate come down with the sword offlcult to duMct toeio,_. BBXtBRfe COTo rsfirt to toethe pastoral charge of the Tremont Temple toBos- DewuBo issues to accredited pasa^ieai ga1theNorth. ARepublicanHepablicaaitsdeclaring acquirementextends.The (ourto declares that when the settlers in a Ter-instantly gratulateby manyfriendsanxious to con-againstthe antoority in toe greatestTUS BATTLE OF THE PLiTFOEVI.sonri ts can coBcemed, theycarry it,elogfed IniTtl of the Urieavention while he made anthe differences which had for three days occupied the attention of the Committee, and taking each resolu-tion, gaveingly able,urged the acceptance of the Majority report. dwelt with great eamcitnesa on the justiee of liiten- Ingtothedemands of thoseStateswhichcastDem ocratlc electoral rotes, rather than to those whichcnonlyaidthrown into association with slaveholders, and hasigiiUfllBai toe prosecution which Hixxab has OBdergoBB has lost him a week's training. " Nay," cried the ctitBl-tous " I will Satibs,the hosts ot theirof the effect upon the interests of th^ South wasclear.towas a of lifeSouth it question and death, and that soTHOMAS EARlfAKBB,Ab efllcer of stavp duties, and daly sppolntei to soon as they yielded the irrepressible eonfltet would mistake ot its existence when it acknowledged thatern allies.called doughfaces at the North, and we ask you to friends now. He reviewed Mr. Jackcxt's remarks Engisnd snd America, of toe Gallic shore ? If tUsI armyreport.anyto sibiibIi aand the and so far white,hours.The question was called on tbe platform, pending people formerlyhe believedto drive the former from the State.surroundedhim on his emirently able effort.frequent and hearty, and was finally protestedby a member from Pennsylvania, v.-ho tnreateoed to have the galleries cle&rei.Al^ri<eand highly respectable numt>er of onrclt- izeiiA ai;(embled last evening in frout of the MillsDuring his speech there wee frequent outbursts of applausewhich Ur. CcEBise promptly checked.Br. RoBXET G. SouTT occupied the Chair during onewill smilehis mysteilnus toree-gutoea cards to go somewherehow near the brink of destruction the party was, and urged them to coa- aider careiuUy, soberly, discreetly, this most eerloosmatter.Hr.PAiriiOl hio,thepresentDemocraticgubernatotial candidate there, presented a minority reportthethat the majority report,tion to remembereverlailmgHe also obtainedargue its meritstng that 17 States had but 127 votes, while the minor-itheywouldraise an eager[Senaatlon.]which the ConventionTHE IMPRESSION AT WASHINGTON.tm^Wtk NEW-yORK. SATURDAY, APRIL 28,1?60.CHARLESTON CONVENTION. chusttts, who submitted as an amendment the reaf firmatlon of the Cindanatl platform. Some little dls-strong aatagonlsm to the suspended excitament of the Convention.aa men who are aboat as sharp as maa nsaally get, and said they woald rldieole thalr majority pUfotmTRANSATLANTIC 1^W&Gen. Bnnii ofState, which neitar east a Demoeratle vote.Bctlu didn't think it was fair for the pot to call tbe ketUe blaek.A Delegate ropUed that when hli State passed laws thebar-roomsoronthecornersoftheatreeta. The InterferingwithFederalenactments,hewouldcon-town •The steamer Arika nttruk at letthB^ilaa «Klha0«t of theBOtMore tbaa three-fiftka went to bed laal night at all, aad probably eyea they can't staad the teapta-tioB At early dawn kaota «f people, eagerly ta-alghttalklag and fiercely gesUcalatlon, could be seen inMr. Avaav, whoTtiifiis ibm^M the saaie port osi tke following motBlag.consent of the Convention to repfesent-is so nial in its character, on a race-coarse some yaatswith but 16 States, cait 176 votes. This statement dre w out a series of questions.ity report,most pertinent of which was votesdothesixteenStatesabovealludedtoThis (or a moment turned the laugh on him, but he soonrecoveredandwenton.to-night at the Miiis House. JoH5Cochb/bxhaslostallinfluenceintheNew- verypowerful,to the South wasconsumtogincommoded toe more vfrtuons grub-mongeiT, who weretoeobjectsoftoe Baron'scare. WItodigaifled step became forward, and waving his plump whiteThe effect of IMs bombshell was terrific.observe,personshimselt:concluding appealand was listened to withYeUa, applause him to suspend Us remark* foi feveral m>of toe institutions of the Souto, and we believe, so long as we havehisses, cUouting, cheering compelledments.and boisterousFrom the Assooiated Press, Chablestoh, Friday, April 26.The Committee have adopted the CincinnatiThat neither Congress nor Territorial legislatures have power tofrcra your able speecBes in defenceThe how many electoralremediesMr. Pavbe'ssaid no equivocal platform must be adoj^ted. The toetead of bisrights of all sections should be recognized, and noThis provender. greatly,cast ?greatatten- tion. He urged them not to destroy the DemocraticParty for a mere abstraction,principlesHeevitably.with CentralAmerica,form partTa are positiTely aasnred by oar correaaendent that He said that no man, be he slaveholder or not, could, undignified and tmwlse. He accused the North of personal victory, but those he represenud believedthat in the harmonious settlement of these difficulties depends tbe existence of the Democratic Party, and the j-icsperi^y and perpetuity of the Union.1 he Democracy of the North have stood by the South' in good faith. Tnere never had been but one construction put ifpon the Slavery clause of the Cln-I!IWhile the abtence of all olap-trap argument was noticeable, tbe very earnest and exceedingly Impu-dcL-!gIt is lose Mr. Douglasappre- Penn'to Gen.Ccsnnia,hepaid him a highFiaasa, and I have no doubt but that wito a little jadldBBSmanipulation of toe Press a furor might be got mf tastand he had made to stem the tide ofdifferently construed,making,largeBlack Winding up, he urged Delegates frumtheNortb not to mind the cry of dongh-adopt platform about whioh tbere could be no doubt, andlooktogandarhayof theforce with which It was sent home to all Southernsioned miuinercouvlctiouB. Atbisc'.osehewasloudlycheeredandmagistrate BsAnos.tbe Rhada-gentlemanto_Squatter SovereigntyPlktform of noninterventionstreet,stupidaddedasmantbus of toe defuiftt Conspiracy Bill,wlii be oa toeno littlegical argoment, South.baseduponhistheoryofrightsof thedoes want. Heand tell ns then readandandreport, beggedin favor of thecd all toe and penny papers,thatspoke earnestlyfeelinglybis friends to standminoritytheby rightsespeciallyKJSStXTt^??,^^ ?5"l'"'B*fBI0 PROCESSIli8TAI.TANfcO0S m.-TOGRlpBIU PKOCeIV always been Democratic. He called to their memory exclude Slavery from the Territories, or to destroy or are provisional and temporary, and that during theirwould todl»nanily repudiate and brand anyutog cal- City ynu represent, and stocerelv trusts that she may culated to cause iUfeeltos on your aide of toe WlaleMBTANTANEOCS PaoTOGBAFHlCbe ever worthy the confidence and sympatoy enter- taineo for her.toOe SMse-of Lelcestershfra, orany otoer countyHa »"' »»""•' «>""'"»'>«*• •«»"• matter" Wact view taken by the law. and ito heart- °„ unsentimental myrmidoBS, of a matlsr of sad interest to European and AmeileaB B^- ButwhyhasSaibbsBotbeantonschasedaad because Sanaa Is oa his own has his accustomed hasalB, is gairoBBdejl byaUBBT BBRGBAUS.Eeq., our Spetiai Artviisat. .sceunit. oat (run this country,H. C. WILtiOIi. Baq., of London, and OrOBGk ROBEBTS, of London.The BngraTings will be executed byrBBDlRiCK [<MYTHI, Esq., and some principal Bn-graTers of tbeCONDON ILLUSTRATED NEWS,jhad BajLSBCKr-A Baatb, of Loodon^^uanealaialy attar the cosapletion of tbe EngraTlog.!,;high seas, and wherever Its juris- denounciag as revolutionary the en- actments of State legislatures to defeat the faithfulofop "»"*"*•"PBOcl^l'the sixty votes which she almost alwaysthat the Fed-cast for the referred to the failure of Kentucky and Tennessee to support PiiacB, and told them he hoped the Northern Democracy would never be forced to prove to the South that it could get along much more easily without the South than It could withoutimpairpropertypond, I have not disdaine.:Col. SsiuocB referred in handsome terms to toe iessreportt. The beattog f,^"'"'*Whig candidate;rightopersonorproperty betog destroyedConvenuou in session, and said t/'irwoH^ eManow byacUve supermtendents throw the mantle over the ehou/dera of Blr, Wood, itwould command toe respect and saneUoa of ttis en-toe Soutoern country.President,oraParty can the Southern brethren ssymandtogt^iplauteof toecrowd.Democratic theon the Government to afford full to protectionadequate populationing of medical practitioners, consisting Drs.Elii«and isaltosetheileaseonspicaonssame ? He•-alTBiOetexteniirecharacter,andwtUenableDimto madcareer,torememberinadvancewhattheconse- stood18toIS. New-Yorkvotedinfavorofthereso-chargedthemtoretlect, topauseforeignandquenceofadisruption wotildmust lutions.andthattec how justly the consequences would be laid at theThe Convention met at 10 o'clock."Jl"Bi^al^y, tu inaure a promot delivery of the packages. door of tne Soulh. He closed by sabnilttlng hlmsslf Mr. Kne, of Mlsseuri, presented a aeries of resolu-ters connected with the disease from and is liot attended by aay iUustrtous ibrelgnen. He *'";!' „„„i"Srdera'shonld be tent to tbe New-Tork Agents imme-tie in Brookfitld and other parts "V'"-",",'* ^m t^ |» might travel about vA naae know who he is. Thein timelookout, said he, for the rattUng of the bones of the"en keptwahtoejojheol m which toe dleusng^sabl^ it dif.prophecledthatdefeatwas certainUnion before theon National Committee.Re-thatherd of New-Orleans.lest Jarru-addressed ttieof harmony and eoncillallon. DelegatesMB'raQtBK LESLIE the ENTIBfc ate destroyer and aweep you indignantly from the her, •falch Ihey will dlstrib-the Committee on Platfona would not be ready to ia.The notorious Rev. tonliln adranoe e( allooBpeii-face of the earth.He was greeted wBh load and prolonged applatiae,too Homs Mltslooary.Sodetr, taketicket, to ttalr raapeotlve laaldaBeeafN TOCR OBDKBSThe floorwestern galleries, there Is a chatter af tongues, PMl after ycihl of meny Iguihtcr going on thai Is 41Baptist and pastors of Boston hare reeosameiMlad Urn tnBight!'•mtn." pat-bag,No ooe is to and BO_^at the close of which hajretlred from the stand.m.nt ofSiarae of a Chirch to Leavenworth CIW,the allBsra^thguerdofKiBG, Missoorl,ConventionanHctoated prooaadtagKtm the day "big with the fate" of Hbbbab aa*«M^»-< Mr.theyexpressedmajority:if, .'^f;!?-.r.i}.055,r-'rrril> «^-'?-ojo'?5 1j!^latlafaetinn wasoffer a minority report aigned only by btmseif. To Platform report were scattered over the C mvaation.did not prevail on a portion of the resolutions. The first and third resolutions, in relation to Slavery in the Terri- Platform comes up. AU parties conceded that a Hassachusetts, nor need he be in fear of having his tories, and the duties of tbe General Government toforce and bitter discusaion would be had, and that In all probability trouble would ensue.head broke with a shiUalegh when ha went to theTbesteami 'The second resulntion in relaUon to the Fugitive Mr. PcGB, of Ohio, then took the floor, pool on the 16th./mHe continued amidst great laughter, aad keptThe door of the Ce&TeatioB -hall karlDg been up aranning fire of Butlarlsm, in wbieh he did not Slavepolls.Thegreatspeechofthedayonthemajorityreportwas made Wm, L. Fortified by Yakoxt,of^Alabama.with a pile of books and papers, he ascended the plat- form, and was greeted by a perfect form of applause cheers, hi-his, and cock crows. The speeoh was en'daretoenteranyofthisnewterritorywithhisslaves. It was said that Northern men did not like to bein Charleston on that side of the aubject. Bold, fear- less snd powerful he continued for an hour, and at 8 o'clock gave way for a recess of an hour.At 9 o'clock the Convention met and an at- again,closing toe de-Tvnes, it kas been protested. Moreover,bythatpointand tosaytheleast, It irasMr.behalfofthe minorityadjoiunedthat he should presume toJ- J^i't iritk UrfcMCtMiAn amusing controversy occurred betweea Bcruaaad a delegate froBi Uaalaad. Tbe latter aceosad .foaid ; Sth, favois the acquisitionthe ladlea rushed in aad sodoWnd theirlery, and all41>e ieata under both, galleries. The at- deciding vote cast by Harylaad la the recent election favor of the acquisition of Cuba, was adopted with- as remarkable and unnatural as coming from agal-fallprominentlytoallude to and comment on theand the fifthinproceededtoreplyto Mr.Knia, stylinghisspeech'j^41„ > MB the next aafl. Tenra.A0OT78TU8 Btwuiiras. tendance wai UBiuaally large, so room beiag left for of a Black Republican speaker. He attacked Hti- out a division. Southern man. He pronoimced the charge that t&are««k« aBiin eeat at thla enterpriae will amoont to Ike aecoBiinodation of Ihte coners. Dr. SanB The two minority reports were then presented by was any Disunionlste or DistupUoQlsts in the XEWB, Braosa abd mokal kbixctiombjSbaBLT TKN THOUBAND D0LLAB8! sourl, Tennessee, Kentucky and North Carolina, Mr, BoTui, of Massachusetts, and Mr. Patiti, of Alabama delegation false. He spoke nearly IB a latter dated London, April M, we find the en- opened the Conyentlon with a Democratic prayer, showing that their representatlTe vote was so evenly Ohio, the lattor -aUting that his report, although a two hoars. His extreme doctrines were veryFxizK near. Corretpmttnce if Ou Ntm-Ymrk Kmm.,glTinff a penoiMion to pubUeh oar paperand took occasion in the coarse thereon to request tbecast that tkey were no better than eunuchs in the Democratic family.minority one, represented 172 electoral votes, while weakly applauded even by the gallery. HeOtrliMtd C*n of Nnat^epa- DtcUratim, [Copy JLoBPOB, Friday, April U, 1 think I can assiue yon that the great battla^ ao much more important than toat of SoUMao sM »> genta, will not come off before Toeaday or Tfeaniqrthe Union. He denied that Alabama had attempted next It was as readers kaow, te KOB- to dictate to this Convention. fixed, yoorHe (Pd«b) was glad to hear one Southern man day,toelSth;bntthat,Ilaam, UlntaBdsd« amt ,Interference of Deity in behalf of the National Deoi- 11%, Jeha Tanii, of Water-it., Strand, In tbe Oonnty ocratlc candidate at the next electien. The Platformthe majority report repiesented only 127 electoralwas very severe on Douglas in connection with Kansas affairs. The acts of the North, he said, had many )>eisons at the South believe that the South and her Institutions are no•( ICMdlaMX, Ptbiter, Oeor«e Vicken, of AonI Court, ikaad. atueaaid, in tbe uid county, Pnbluber. and IjiMlaaBinliini •! Xaley'i Hotel, S>rud, in the iM aaaaty—^ottleaieB—do MTenlly, aoleanly andCommittee not to the Coayentlon belag ready report,the electoral votesrepressntad by the minority reportlonger safe within the limits ofaa usnal adjomncd, and eonyersation became .^laaanlyUeelueandiayufoUowi (that ia totay):-!, eral. An hoar later it again eonyened, aad at once anticipated.(Laughter and applause.]Mr, PATn could not say, nor could he speak forMaryland, which goes with the majority.Gen. BDnaa's speech was replete with wit and votes.Mr. JosBBOH, of Maryland, Inquired how raaay ofhumor, and produced a- great impression upon thegen- delegates. It may have an effect on tbe result not can be depeniJed upon -for the Demoeratle nominee ?I.Gen. CcsBijG interfered in behalf of the s|>ectators ple. (Sensation.] If the majority re(>o(t is adopted"The guests who tovite toemselres to this banqeet of blows will depait by two or three dlflereat Railway entertained to those who, under all circumstances, Imes. There will be a place of raUtxctuwill maintain the Constitution and tne Uaioc.Mr. Wood then referred to the important conse- at a coiivenlent spot The commissariat de-sajing that It would be impossible for the chair to dis-yott cannot expfct one Northern Electoral vote, or onescon brought that gentleman t> the balcony, anl his ancu wa:, the for an entoustastic demon-pest tbe night before.wes toe reply of Mr. Dowubg to one of the initiated woo wanted to know a little more about tbe event. Wednesday next betog toe day of toe Liverpool steeple-chase, toe fight is not likely u cooM affoaef these interruptions, and rising at his desk, with tinguish betweeu applause on the floor and in the gal- symta'hiz'ng States.mrmt)er ofCongressfrom the Freeaslpipaelaieln. ct.eering.Ue was sriegcneailved witopatriotic tears in his eyes, he entreated the Conven-lery.Mr. PoGBj''of Ohio, made a very able speech in favorToe following resolution of Mr. Cocbbads, of New- York, has been circulated, and which he proposes to offer as a substitote for all the other propoeitlous in:ttjeRetolvcd. That the several States of tne Union arem.Cer the Constitution equal, and that the i>eople thereof are entitled to free and undlsturbe'l posses-Mayor Wood returned his acknowledgements andsaid: Myfrtrnds, I thank you for this compliment toat date. It is as unexpected as it is undeserved. I accept itas ail evioeuce of your appreciation of tl^e City I\DoiOLAS' stock rises daily. His friends are veryhighly elated. TheConventionadjournedat1134o'clock.Mr. BaxcnKBiDoi's letter has not had the desiredeffect. IthasnothurtDojglasintbeleasLThe difficulty between Cbaio, of Missouri, and LoHatiiHiaz, of the St. Louis Bulletin, has lei to aperemptory challenge from the latter.A hand to hand, plate, fork and spoon fight occuredof the minority report.York Delegation. DocoLig has the delegation by aMr. Wood then referred to the intimate commercialand social relations existing between New-York andCharleston, and said that in his peison toe i>eople of urbanity, he saidtheNew-YorkDele-He traced the several and frequent concessions gation vote on the Cincinnati platform adoption was Cincinnati Platform pureVand simple, addressed thebaud wito " judge and jury" and night-hoBsefrom that doctrine. Sir Gcd.";SuPXLL his opponent.repliedMarylandRepresentatives.HeThis drew down the Douglas men in continued heerlng and loud applause.crowd has been collected all day in front of the MUla House ilslening to disimion speeches (rem Are-eating orators.Slave law, and had maintained a national position in the Union.He showedtheof the South inaida rulea man fromheavythatthey;delegation, and the room was cleared by tbe police.e» eTS) you for tbe patrioticlater, ruffiansiathisfollyexpectingthat preventedvotiograscality and curiosity, will be preasnt at the Sghtcould not be carriedthe love of the country and even by their selfish loreDemocratic Party so deep in the mire that Dooolas himself could not extricate them.Five States aad Woon.willgooffand nominate DAvis,or Labe, HOWARD.knew did all they could to resist it. Mr. Butlab theyconcluded with an appeal to let well enough aloue, and the Convention took a recess until 4 o'clock.The Convention reassembled at 4 o'clock this afternoon.Mr, Bat.uw, of Delaware, presented another se-existence ail citizens of the United States have aa equal right to settle in the territories, without theirof eitherorinpaired by Congressional or Territorial legisla- tion.The third declares that it is tke doty of the Govern- ment to protect the rights of persons or property onmajority. Incaucus,46 to 24, Li:sLOW leading off.fence.Tomorrow, you expect to hear of the stoppage ofvery largeMr. BciLEB, ot Massachusetts, who rep'>rted the"grace,Gentlemen and ladies; ttds is tooOblige me by stepping torto, yonAnNOLD and Rcseiu., of Connecticut, are working insisted, against Doculas very hard. Ii<azBsoi.L is on thejointly the incendiary coctrines ot Black Repuoilcans tioEs to toe clerk of the weatbar-olSce. Aa I thebait Jieretotore ()ervadeo the Norto, toe tlmo had at Ami toe shelter of toe uai-IdSt arrived when New-York would succesf'ully ombirllaofmaastod ttorow he. selftototoe breach for tie safety of our verse ?" Well, the Baron, wito his humors andWhen toe "social evil" was lately mads the subject of midnight tea, and bread-anft-battor"social evil at Nicholson's," Who knew moiw aboat It toah he ? Why should toe clergy rob UiB ef hla ad- vertlsemente tSiTMora, betog called on, replied at Pome length totoe Mayor, to his usual cordial and happy mwner,and wan greeted wito loud and frequent cheertog. toe time receive this, or more a lit-t%»M*. LBSUE'S ILbVSTKATRO NBWAPaPBRnABK UEBLIB'S ILLUSTBATBD NEWSPAPERKaBK LBaLIB>8 ILLUBTBaTvu NKWSPaPEBBBbNK LESLIE'S ILLDSTicATED NEWSPAPERFBAliK LBBLIB'd ILLUSTBATBD NBWSPAPEKFKAt'K LBSLUt'S ILLUoTBATCD NEWSPAPKBYBANK LBSLlt'S ILLUSTKaTED NEWSPaPEBrXANK LBSLIE'S ILLUSTKATED NEWSPAPEBrSfNB LESLIE'S ILI.CSrBiT&D NEWSPAPERBBANK LErLla. S iuLUSTHATED NEWSPAPERBBANK LkSLIE H ILI.UBTRaTRD NEW^PAPERnaNK LESJ.IKS ILl.US' RaTE!) NEWSPA'fiR 'nUSK LESLIE'S ILLUSTRATED NEWSPaPiCR from the North, If they loaded her with weights so The crowd rushed into the room of the New-York his sentiments from fear of the bludgeon or the bullet.designedof our Government—I:i!I!anythingSquatter Sovereignty,debate at 12 o'clock;also theajloptionof the minor-ofJouBBotv, Maryland,with regard to non-Democraticto test toe system muchHe defendednew.and wound up by saying, We never will recede ity report. Douglas will be king, and Davis or States, said it was like the kettle calbng the p^tblack.to see liuw it would bear -Aitnoutbreaktog: but be had no doubt the vtoist was pa&sed, and toat toe old Ship of Statewouldsoonbefoundevenmoresafely mooredto the bartwr of National Society.Mayor Wood, during toe delivery of the SDeech, wasfrequently Interrupted wito applaase.At the conclusion of Mr. Wood's remarks. Col."tuvtr, never, never, so help uaof 8t Giles and 8tthatintense excitement exists in the city. An immense tenanced and encouraged resistance to the Fugitivethe rights ofto touch uponin slaveseral (^vemmest should protect the rights of personsand property diction extends ;on thethe Fugitive Slave lawHis Fpeech occupied some thirty minutes, dtirtog wfaicb he spoke with great eloquence and for^e, oum-executionecquisitionofCuba,andthe duty of the Government by some means jwho claim seats on the ground that she willa>>senL^of ^^^^^presence was for examl-,unscrupnloos.sp^slaB. :.tKansas,be admitted into the ferred to the ComaaltteeAn annoonoament was made at lOH o'clockcowardly an axpedlat Is only worthyoftheaad a enade was iaken for that time.hour,reoeas or prom- crowded with ladies as well as theibefore toe Was OXB a ear- taiaad a mafimUk, «; infavorofthethehighseas, constitutionalintheTerritories,orwhereverelae itsLlpi.ating Uons. caotiired ? ground,election.duty now, it would be more dead than if the polls.<>ov.ft^vorcame here Instructed to do the best Ihat could be done for tke Democratic Party. The m^rity report has a sting of death ia IL He wouldvote for the as a substitute. minority reportAll the people want is the Cloeinnati platform, with-Untitled DocumentaadBaptist this postDuring the recess printed copies of theas James- faced and coDtradietory. So far asOne of theUK, in behalf of a minority which merely reaffirmsthe Cinelnnaticiples anehangeable in their nature when applied to the same subject matter, and only reeommeml in ad-—Tbe Sew-ToTk Heligatlon Proteettd by the case SiwABS was and bad the of reor" by Mtine, New-Hampshire, Termoat, Rhode Island, electoral vote to the Bominee with any eaililB- STATE OF THS SWISS KSO 8AT0T (fmnSORPiatftrm, declaring Demoentic prin- Th« DtItc for the Dectrine of indorsed the Cindanatl platlorm. He pitched Into dition to the Cincinnati Platform a resolution for theSBBwn flttt ttengfet lai Talte nacc. ...-:*and Pcnasylvanla.as fioUows2d, that all rightsCenventton,aoaklnoa wUlTheMinistry THX RBL1TI0I8aifliming the Clnetimatl Platform;of are incharacter,andtheDemoepnme Court on the subjectetttaans, native cr naturalized, at home or abroa'l 4tlt, pledges goveramental aid to the Paelflc Rall-whippedMr. Jadbobt, of Alabama, took the floor, aeaid im-of bcaorable to oorselves and just to Spainehecitac.aftenwoB of the 14th last, and'BtatoUonary and subversive of the Constltntion.was Instructed to that entire sayUraipoolmajorityoftheCommittee.man. (GreatcheeriBK.]hip*aad Canada txttnt at Iie>law,citlieas, were ;ulopted nnanimoosly,GBBAT BKITAtR. THB TOPIC OF THB DAY.temptand completely Southern in Its tone. He took prove to the South that toe Democratic Party of the bate, but was unsuceessful.fightbafate ariMartlielytbe ground that the Democratic Party make the grandMr. PioBinto anresumed, going argument prove;V There is a rumor that toe French eoast;HedidnonlesireUXBJTAB and toe redoubtable Tom werepes ie Calaie together on French soiL all I eaa aaj la, let such Anglo-American tovaslaD ba aa aocniy of Anglo-Saxon union agatost Conttnentaldaspotta^Justice Tahbt, and paid him a high tribute of respectHis allusion to the defeat in 1840coon skins, hard cider and log cabins, wasly unfortunate, as Gen. Cpsarae happened to He a the flcors of Coogreu. Mr. Paybb read to the Con- fourth ballotand bets are odds, on his nomination on thea concession from the Northerno( tbe Democracy, and showing lYfit Alabama was' ministration. Even if this were so it would not be country to all directions,a by demandingwingtion if made, as itwouldbytheclap-tr^ of singolar-cinnati platform, and he challenged any man to showto his Southern friendsIBMtDlaTBi.Y t-N THE iR.tlVAL or THE which would not he liable to a double construction. cot tent with the niajoiity report, though It was not stives, and be admitted into the Union with or with- the litst time, as Secretory Cosb charged him wito stacks and into faen-iooets for toe ehampIoBSclusion of his speech he was su; .-oaniled bv his friendscould show that every distiagui.^heiland congratulated on the stride he made towards the Presidency.had.Sou'hern statesman sipce 1830, has planted himself on tbegenerally,andthat it had ever beeneven onParis Tbra."it la Bentde etot tiiiaijPresident BBicAiaBioOE against any measure to leg- is.'ate SlaveryintotheTerritories,aiidthatthepeo« pie of each Territory shall settle the matter for them-sayssnp]>ortbe opposing his own Ad- with ill-fitttog high-lows," are to rush aboat fiwquotedstateFm* u, maintaining the same ground of non-in- tbivcnlioD, hnd concluded by saying we canuot re ceCe from this dcctrine without personal dishonor, and, 90 help ua God, we never will ab^ruton this princi-by Congress.Huateb,addition toCincinnatiplatformMr. JoBNSOMhad never coun-;3d, to ample protectionCoba on torme ; 6th, that all Slave law Is revolu-mense and applaaseMo ane but her delby unanimityThe Sortk Briton arrived at the nth.also from Messrs.of their of andsion- andprope'tytempt by Congress ur a Territorial Legislature ta an- nul, abridge or discriminate against any such equality or rights wouH be unwise in [)olicy and reougnapt topartment is to be, I am told, la tta hands of Baron Nicrolsoi. How well do I remem-ber that todlvidual, whoaa seetogand that it Is the duty of the Fed- tor such violatious.when he had established a ktod of ret- pavOlaathe Cunstitu'loneral Government, whenever such rights are violilod, to afford tbe necessary, proper and constitutionalsincetaurant. Itbegantoratoheavily,andnnm'iewen- tered toe Baron's tent, iateitl on avoiding the shaver;Mr. BoiLZB would say that Massachusetts had neverWhata mixture of blackguardism and af talaat,been under(Loud and prolonged applause.]-Mr.JoBBSCNdesiredtobutMr.Bctlxrwouldwhich\ouhaveentertoined,andthoy in ourreply,lookpolitical America to illustrate toe oontsst Is this ths lastries of resolutions, as followsThe first affirms tbe CincinnatiThe second declares that ierrttorial governmentstide of Republican customsritory haveauthoritySimply:dafeatsdaination had f' n^ _„ penetratedno buTMs,t„oeaswasdao^n^e.tloss of tha lowBBt and most oftoeitog.-,Ov^ HfHi*.plainly that hts border neighbors would be destroyed by itsvenom.Mr. Kuo alluded, in the aosrsa of Ua to argDmat,ty. This majoritySxwAxs, and make himem States abandon tillsgain Stote freat the North tor thehr nominee. They wouldregretthattheyshouldleave,buttheymosteveawith this deadly sttng, as tbey always go It bUad for tke Democratic nominee—but he eould mmthe ditttognisbed statesman ef IUIboIb, aad twHk tlaae was greeted with deafening apalaaaa. TBeMorthem Democracy has been stricken down besanae It etood by the and nowfifffiifiMni IMiikstandfeel thatfares this platform opoa them.gates would bare known of their »;TlstaBn«. Mr.Yaboit's sjiecch was Bost <l>ls, aloMii|Mipa««F.toochad al lMh,aRiTedh8rsat4)f o'ahMk]political gallows, higher than ever was built forHa-The Citt e^ tfuacUter arrivad at QoaaiMBBn •• •plainly and boldly,of field day for toe mralpoUce. Tbera was a nuaor thatspeak outwhat hetbe resolutions adopted by the Alabama Dem- to this toe great DowLno of BelTs Life was arigBty octatlc Ckmvestion four years ago, as Veiwrted byMr. Y'arct himself, in favor of and non-intervention,at the same time instructing the delegates from that State to leave the Cincinnati Convention if the reso-jintgy ydsatfta Sporttiv Li/<, most completely. , BelPe L^fi Billcrme outticulars would be used up, 'were tbe flgfattD'tAe placaona Saturday, and bat seaat notiea Ihwsiifdid not ask then what she now asks for, nor did Union, the gentleman demand what he now demands.terstrust among the masses of the people of their North- from a speech of Senator Hubibb on the Kansas be the scene of the encounter. What wUl the Frawkdouamere andWe sympatliize with you when you are bill, to sustain tlie views of himself and hts police say to such a donbis tovaMoB byof FArnz, Ohio,addressed the Convention intill to morrow.satisfactorywithhere," concerning VenfantitSpecific Duty question. support mightaa he lasaes The loud and repeated cries for " Wood, Wood," by rail early the morntog after notice reeeived byHouse, wi.b a band of music in attendance, to compli- ment the Mayor ot New- York with a serenade.l^fe,Imperturbablyrepresent, a.id as an assurerofthe kinjly sentimentsenunciated not consistent with the theory of our Institoiions, and toe obligations of toe Federal compactsuch statesmen in toe Norto as yourself, that toefanaticism c4n never reach the of our SoUtoem homes, or disturb toe oon- slltuii" uai rigtits guaranteed by tos founders of toe country. Sir,Charlestonrespondsinfullhearttotoe sisteilv feelmg expressed torougb you from the greatthemostvociferousHealth or Uassachusktts Cattlk.—A meet-to form a State Con-countries. The vote stitution the right of sovereignty commenoes, and aad Cabot, Dr. George Bates of Worcester, Dr. Jell; tbau the American six-foot-one athlsta, I thiak thatbeing constimmatedthey stand niwn an equal footing wltb the citizens ofother States, and that a State thus organized is to bel bled to toe State House, April 25, to tovestijrate inat- body else. He is not of dJaltBgaished appearance,I. S. Kalloch has resigned Tds TravelUr says that ha wlU, under appotot-long coatiuuedcommon —that probably the present vvit and is extant stlU.and the country present strugglewa.*; by Providdaenngceer obesitv, his profligacy° renderedwhile, of BtWaof £1 Is., a railwayBtji \aiMi.The Boyal HaU ateamahip 4/riea, BOB, which saUed froma4 Liverpool at t o'eloek ab #b''at # P. U.*mthe eventog of the same day.so averse to '^ todiouscultivators of that noble sdsBee.BBdUthetmTSNot to my own brothar, 8b',''toeJames, toe Baron immediately placarded Themeettogs byclergylet mespread a report to this country, whleh has doabtless traveled to America, toat there is aometoing patoted m toe attentions of the police being dlrectad to too AmericanthantotoeEogUshhero. Someh»v»gone so far as to tostouate or even state toat this la at theNow,tostance of Sir Thomas »i Savmbsthat certatohavedepravityge- ««.ral Anntitfow Xnuk L«!&'« rnhllMtlraa.The floor «a( awardedtoO«B.BRua,ofUasaa-AtaeiBl ilcacttttta\]r*.iitJi«»n-«ti«.V,«Bt any tall to It,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comHe qioke of the Black RepubUcass-A.M 