 6NBW^iTODKL'lDIBRMiDi S^TTJKDAfTV JAJ*«ART?t'tjtjLj9^§l|P||0^ni|*^NEW YORK HERALD.the government of the coannittee, tad the meeting demand. The «r%«Mii0 ot o # ftcrease are continually forcing us to augment our demands The news ft>m Washington is not on tho mechanical skill of the country, and Important fig session of the House yesterday wv rely confidently on OA trlraustleaf rt>-^-< ft^ifaW*;' ">*'>^1miW^VrJtMWimW Ca i l l O O B D O l •DfTOR awj>• I I I I T T .jBari*feMa^esStelBjSBOSh>*?***fc* as ^ - - a w T svn? •*& Alr-eats oaMev sstw uis^isajeaaa newaaevewtleans.aad *h* sltiwnts ^J •W *J-TV^PTB> (ISr^W -lBl^BsSBF^SBsBiyT>»"The Coroner's foiwWra*Ti£ We1h«it for»ofLawrencefailtobringthemto justice foe Oais waolaaale slaughter, they will be entitled to be regarded In the right of ac-flWfe. •»* aw VOW OMNtfl. CJha MtjmWtMIH &SmSWa& M r W I rw« w w v w w*aw-^ws»w» •••** ^ — ••" _• „ « -* *•,, or Si SWjMrfresh, as rigorous, oj progreootTO, aad ao Inax- haustible, as they have beam during ite wonder- ful career in the past They have caused It to become not only thefirstjournal of this coun-concomitant* ia the Hon*©, oa Thursday, that tae Reign of Terror has absolutely commenced at the national capital. • .•-J • ' . • . • <*?The proceedings of the Home OpeSsstaOrl' moniously. The republican candidate for Speaker, Mr. Sherman, took up very sharply Mr. Houston, of Alabama, aad endeavored ap-in reFAMiirMMMMM m4f> rMUTISXMSATH•W^S*B1 »1S BW " J * * * TM "****"*'»JOB ruvmao mmc%Leniency towards the poor and the weak is aproper charges by constables gate rise to try of Europe, In the distant marts of Africa parently to fix a personal quarrel upon him. rare virtue of the rich and the powerful. It is the view of exasperating the North against the some remarks about city and county frauds. and Aaia, throughout the rising communities of Mr. Houston, however, ascianss* any par- even rarer among nations than Individuals. South, hut are unwittingly accomplishing a Progress was reported and the Senate adjourned. the Australian Archipelago, on the pampas and sonal motive ia his resolution, which alluded Great Britain, for instance, was never known very different object A day or two ago we re-...BTo. 13 In the Assembly, among the bills noticed were, one in the Andean Tallies of South America, and to Mr. Sherman simply as one of the endorsers to exercise it. France rarely does, although printed from tile Tribune—the leading organ of to provide against unsafe buildings; one to protect of the infamous Helper book. Succeeding this she makes lend boasts of her generous sympa- Northern incendiarism—a terrible account of• O i lWiniAXOMBMBNTB THIS SWIMO.BOWXBT TUBATBB. imwot or >u Vt •JtoviA*»uuiia*onwnrrax OABDKB, araswar,DAT.rest oa canal drafts; one to Induce colored personsto emigrate from this State, and one to enlargeClinton prison. Among the bills introduced wasone to authorise the purchase of certain lands for creating revolutions la public opinion, of caus- | snubbed by the former. Mr. Haskin took tho republic of Santo Domingo and the negroO'ClOC*—I'BATHW'IittaOuvnua.severeweatherprevailedtoSaintAnn'sparish,andancebysolargeanumberprovesthatour ReignofTerror;anditaffordsastrikingin-F A*"**1Sound was passed. A bill to prevent im- quickens the thoughts of men. In erery coun-> met last PT»WB wrUntitled Document#Of IXSftAO AJTB FCTTOiCST*. was dev 'tl «. an unprofitable wrangle among •emreen of the niTenttrehbl^OJ tho AJisbtl- lamppoitehyXyaoh law,the victimstne poHUsian?, and the House adjourned withoat can mind to enable us to meet vine public re-fSasleaa of ajurtlj inceaaed mult*-••WW -L:>"t"P^^"jr^'w^'^^«s?wet** ballotingfoi8p>a&er.TheSenateerasarttotea quirementsofus.•.*#"-•at^ oltheirleaderstobringonci•ton.Thecause*whichbelongtoits owaas a journal exist In the Rout* to-day, as Congress, and especially the debate and itsWo publish a mam of Interesting matter fromAbany this morn ng. In the Senate yesterday thebiiiter«MtalU>aaot to equalise the State tex wasreported. Among the bills introduced were, one fornew railroadain New York, one to provide moneyfor completing the canals, one in regard to di-vorces,andoneammplsagfiremenfromtaxation. try but hare carried its presenceanditsin- The bOI to make the act In regard to lake and riverIt would appear, from the recent scenes iameat at once—to alp' ttb u d - i t Is the bOufiden a n £ of conservative complices in the crime. men of all parties to rally aad toting down the wtreason and grows fat uponbellion.navigation companiea alao apply to Long Iaiandor connection with the ideas of civilizationTMSAW ISfeA *? dress upWtSwj'^v'^^S \ft-ApaUchtcola. Lots on the spot closet with steadiness, onrealising sense of their lost condition. He wasThe foreign confederates of Baez exertedthemselves to support their instrument, but in another teacher from the North, named Dodd,a file 24, and prima at i l l so. Sugars were Arm: sales upon all the political parties of this country, good people of that rural district in the tight of is important and interesting A European fleet, •f 200 a 800 hhds. Cuba muscovado. 28 hhds. New Or-It was necessary to fix some admissible value, which was done by law at the rate of 2,000 dol- lars of paper to one of coin—the highest ratethey should be allowed to remain till their en- gagements were ended, in the latter end of De- cember, and then departconsisting of two French, oae Britieh, and one Spanish vessels of war, lay before the place, hav- ing been sent ont in order more immediately u fo/oe tho existing government to recognise the im- mense amounts of worthless paper money with which President Baasfloodedthe country iu IHJT. *&}, but in reality to force ther executive into sal*- jection to the representative* of these Powers. The Writer presume* that though the influence of tho European countries San Domingo would fall under control of the Baytssn negroaa, unless fully reeogniaad by tho United States government.Additional accounts from ifexk J state that the French and Spanish fleets were shortly expected at Vera Cruz to enforce the pecuniary demands ofwhich is rapidly making ft ae metropolitan in politics as It is In trade.One eminently fit to be made.But mark how evil communicatione with theleans aad about 000 banes Havana wars made at rates given ta another piaae. The sales of caflbe embraced 742 bags Santos, 1,000 Rio and 100 mats Java, at prices given in another column. Freights were steady. Among the engagements were 17,500 bushels wheat to Liverpool, part at S)£d. in ship's bags and part in bulk at p. t la anoth- er oolumn we give tha particulars of the great wool sale held at Boston this week. The moat of the catalogues of- fered were sold through On the 11th Inst the sale comprised 280,000 lbs. American fleece and pulled wool, andU0 bates of foreign. On the 13th the sales included ou s condition, and a great deal of alarm existingblack republicans have corrupted Mr. Haskin a at which it was circulating before Baez wasformer good manners. He goes down to the driven out. To this the consuls objected, de- nals at the North invented a lying story that1.119,880 lbs. American, all told, and 800 bales or foreign.amongfinanciers,arising out of the position ofout to the fullest extent the doctrine of theBeechers and Cheevers, who advocate the preaching of the Gospel and the sending of the Sharp's rifle to every creature. Easy, saith the Latin poet, is the descent into hell, and for no, one is the deflection so facile as for the saints. Here is the honorable member for Westchester quite ready to be received at the right hand to enter into communion with Peter and Paul, and all the souls of the just made perfect, when, in a single moment, he throws aside ail his sanctity and assumes the weapons of a Texan border ruffian or a Five Points politi- cian. Probably ho Is not alone. Revolvers are evidently plenty upon the republican benches. No wonder that a member from Maryland said that the next time he came to the House he would bring his shot gun; aad as things are progressing we might reasonably expect to see the fire-eating members sporting their private howitzers, s a d enforcing their opinions upon the opposition at the cannon's mouth.Congress and the country on the political ex- The Growth of tha Herald—Its Causes, citement between the North and South, Wemad the Tioasons they T each. are informed that the interest on private loans The business transactions of the HKKALD es- on good securities is now eight or nine perIn the month of December they all cameback, supported by a joint French, English andSpanish squadron, and, it seems, insisted on thereneisting of their flags under a salute, on painof a bombardment of the capital. Of coursePresident Santana bad to submit. They nextdemanded that the paper money held, by them- ism and the endorsement of John Brown and selves and their countrymen, Baez's partners, Hinton Rowan Helper at the North.France and Spain. Tho information of their de- tablishment form the best barometer of the cent, and that several failures of rather a re- signs wan said to have been derived from official state of trade and general progress of the markable character have already occurred.soirees. The liberal terete* had obtained ne v er 4victories ever the troop! of d*e church. country that can possibly be found, and by the Owing to the dead lock in Congress, four mil-By the arrival of the babel at Charleston we less or greater ratio of its. increase, we are hare news from Havana to the 10th inat. New constantly enabled to measure the beat of thesugar was arriving freely, but no sale* had been public pulse with perfect accuracy. Our con- made. The receipts of molasses were light. temporaries publish from time to time certainFreights continued duiL The Empire City, for skilfully constructed tables of their circulation,New York, had not arrived it Havana up to the on which to bage their claims to credit in the 10th, and the mails and government despatches market, but which really form no truthful ex-were forwarded by she Isabel. position of their affairs. The following figuresWe learn from Havana, under date of the Stk give; Are total receipts of the Herald office, instant, thatfttrtythousand Africans wereUoded from ite two sources of income, circulation andon the Wand to 1859. The United States steamer advertisements, during the last month of each Wyandot, Commander Stanley, arrived from Cieo- of the last three years:—fugoe, aM well, oa the eventog of the 7thOurBuenosAyreacorraspondeat,w. onthe Iteceirft*inDecember,!8»T............ $47,01340Equal to a yearly wane of sheets of.....l of the delegates electa* to the of t&e HERAT n are about equal to thosethe House— the democrats, the South^ Ameri-into contempt that it cannot regulate the ten miles square which has been assigned for theenergetically to prevent. The possession away. So teat the slaveholders in this district of the dominating bay of Samana has long are more liberal to the North than are the other been an object of English aad French ambi- whites; and so it is all over thetion. It cannot be secured from the repub-i-M "-%*!_Hotae-teste v « * # -Afcae Inte^dten^ of said. in any newspaper establishment in themen! took place, and it is understood that perfect w^fip. the*' of! this surprising in- canoestome one national conservative man, which the prisons and gambling hells all over the they could do in five minutes, and' thus elfect '£ country have congregated at Washington toIfc «f fiontn rinminm. Knt it trm.U ha o«*. of Santo Dontlagof hut it would be easyi'l ,fco "" ***,** Tplu^ylheHJ^Tie Y oeaf M s B ^ a t t f t r s * Union Cl«|rfpi«r#hoi*aregularitfttag Us*eeenlng,as.advertised. AsjsatmsawasneesBBateeO,aadUiThe etna Friday, when the < isssrltliof aeqaMtton^mth; negroes of HaytT* f+*tte •theSouthareonthevergeofrevolutionagainsttoincrease, from the.•Mm Mmm.^posed ttpoa U» growth by the ljgajbl1848,1 these facte were known'to toe OTHnpany.B spring into life on ity rivers and on either continent, the demands onalarm and sorrow. tled by the teachings of his republican friends The South, alarmed at the recent assaults a s t e t h j t a k h r ^ for adevelopement placesunlimited number of copiee or a first clawthoSouthOratress arm<^.to.tiiet^totaM prepared tosully the Genteel wito fraternal blood, it is ta* a a € l a ^ a a n t j ^ tor a moment that tholife tous incurred. There never was w i n - stance in this country of more cruel and orimi- nal trifling with the lives of a mass of fellow"hUlll^ W . t h * i ^ , | i r o w nand' aa en till ^we^ flu* now that .tha isg. or lighten the machinery, while the usual slaveholders In denting with aboltitoajstt eatie-47,818 09appear to have stopped here. It is intimatedthat they will next attempt to force a union ofSanto Domingo with Hayti, which result, asthey well know, in view of established Ameri-fluence wherever commerce spreads its sails,the property of married women; one to pay inte- in ports of the Antilles, the NEW YORK BKBAU) trouble came a personal issue between Mr. thies, ,beenaccusedofcarryingthanationsIntowar, HoraceF.dark,ofthisoity,andMr.John a of breaking up cabinets and governments, of Haakia, of Westchester, wherein the latter wasthe sufferings of aa abolition martyr, or pseude martyr;andto-daywerepublishthreearticles from the incendiary journals—the Tribune, the Independent aad the Eosnmg Pod gtvsng aais found, read, and appreciated. We bareWALLACE* THSATBB, Braniwujr.—HamuraW SingSingprison.BothhousesadjournedtillMon-ingfinancialpanicsandrevulsions,which'floortoreply;manymembersrushedtothe nondescriptlateempireofSoulouque. For accountofthemaltreatmentofanothervietint-I«ua T on. day evening. have swept over two continents, of electing part of the Hall where he was stand- some reason, said to be jealousy of the influ- of the anti-slavery agitation—one James Power,LACBA S U M S * THXATBS, SH 8*aa*«*jr.-JSAS»B to another column we publish additional.details and defeating Presidents, Legislatures aad Go- ing; disorder reigned supreme; the Clerk ence of the United States, both England and an Irish stonecutter at Columbia, South Caro-of the catastrophe at Lawrence, together with a vernors, and of supplying brains first to one and other officers of the House in vain endea- France have always been "dowfi'* en the re-lina, who admitted he was an abolitionist, eastBOBTSBT THBATRB, - H U T * I , iws OW- revised Hat of the killed and wounded, and the and then to the other of tho two great parties vored to restrain the mob, and titers were public of Santo Domingo. For many years was rather free with his tongue about slavery,testimony taken before tho Coroner's Jury yester- strong indications of a general row, when a pis- Mjaaiax—HLUTT MAM. day. Subscriptions lor the relief of the suffer- struggling for supremacy in this country.they have omitted no opportunity to bullyand particularly when he was drunk. Under the » • FBAMCalB, S38 aroadway.-La Jnrsss ing are pouring to quite liberally. These accusations-are direct recognitions of tol dropped from the breast of the honorable brow-beat such of its various administrations excitement of the times he was treated to a coatAt the meeting of the Police Commissioners yea the power of the HERALD, and that power member for Westchester, and fell upon the as they imagined were infected with American^i^.M;Ltf^A2^ terday, • resolution exempting the police from ar- springs from its independence, its truthful ap- floor of the House. The appearance of the sympathies. Sometimes it has been on one pre- where he reported his case at the principalresting fugitive slaves waa lost, and one dismissing preciation of cause and effect, and its logical carnal weapon shocked tho House into com- text, abmetimes on another. A few years ago abolition shops in this city—the tost refuges on BSTARTS' MIW8TRBL8. Maohaaies* Hall, <72Braadway-- all policemen found drinking when to uniform was discrimination and exposition of the events of parative decency; Apologies were profusely they succeeded in establishing a tobl of their earth to which he would resort if he had anyDAWH, Ac—Daana AX* f r a u d . passed. Several appointments from the old force ! the day as they rise. If we do supply ideas to tendered on all sides, and, aa we are told, the owa in the Presidency of the republic, Baez by sense, for these Incendiary establishments areKTBUyfl IAUW>, Broadway -Ota. Knc- were made, and two dismissals for intoxication ! naVS wore announced.House adjourned in good order."The scene reminds one very forcibly of some the most unscrupulous and mercenary policy. the New York correspondence of a Charlestonname, whose administration was signalized by the cause of his misfortur/es. It appears front roi.mtcmflC lHSTlTUTS, BrooUrB—Matinee at Two Kingston, Jamaica, on the 17th of December. Very as they choose; and the fact of their accept- ,of those which occurred during the French the details of which, so far aefinancialmalfeas- paper, which we publish elsewhere, that theI't ruMt Oraais-eaJKVBWARK THBATRB. Hew*rk.-WiWs ItmrczLSBrwonui BO»G». OtfOA *•>—Saw taaa CC i i X S .TRIPLE SHEET.ance Is concerned, are presented ill our Santo exiles from the South, probably including it wasfearedhalf the crops were destroyed. The i 1< a? are founded on truth, logically deduced, stance of the rapid steps with which our coun- Domingo correspondence, received yesterday, Power, exhibit everywhere, as beggars hawkWe have files from the West Indies, dated atparties and to men, they are tendered to free- men who are at liberty to accept or reject themHons. Robert Lamb Constantino and Edward and consonant with the mighty interests amidsince our previous reports. Bryan Edwards, grand- like many of our contemporaries, one idea men, son of the historian of Jamaica, had beep, knighted. or given, as they are, to the mistaking of mole-FromBarbadoeswe havedates to the 26th of hillsformountains,andparticularlyforgeneral November. The weather, for a fortnight, was vary causes, our judgments and reasons would be offlue, and the prospects of the sugar crop much im- as tittle effect, and onr circulation and influence proved.of peace, like Mr. Haskin, dares not his summary expulsion from the country by an their imaginary martyrdom to the oaase ofgo from the Capitol to his house, orvice versa, without a revolver in his pocket. tampering with the currency, for his own bene- In this connection we may refer to another case Mr. Haskin represents a pacific district fit and that of his foreign coadjutors, the Con- which recently occurred in'the district of Wil- The county of Westchester is after the man- s u l s of France, England and Spain. He flood- liamsburg, South Carolina, whence two North-jner of the pastoral paradise sighed for by the ed the country with an irredeemable paper cur-ern teachers, named Hamilton and Dodd, were tereay* aaort of eoaL She enoonntered very heavy the canes as whitening and arrowing to a great ex- independence of all minor influences, and the 'classic poet. Its vernal fields and pleasant rency, under the force of a usurped govern- banished because they were suspected of aboli- weather oo the passage. She brings Liverpool ad- tent, under the influence of vary moist, warm wea- directness and logical reason of our course. tvales are dotted with the villas of metropolitan ment authority, using it without limit in his tion incendiarism, owing to an unjust prejudice vieea to the 28th ait., fear days later than previous ther. The Venezuelan Ateamer Orinoco had visited The lessons which the growth and .in- merchants and the farmhouses ot well-to-do private speculations and purchases, and issuing excited against them by the editor of a localVerb:, S»twr*a\y,14, I860.T h e !ffeiri.The steamship New York, from Bremen andTrinidad papers ot the 23d of November report as limited as are theirs. But men appreciate oarSouthampton for this port, arrived at Halifax yea-DASGEROCS STATE OF AFFAIRS IN THE COOK-TRY.—The reports from Wall street In the com-mercial columns of the HERALD, which are theonly fair and honest ones published, representthe money market in a very remarkable and seri- in the other pocket, in order to carrylions of dollars are locked up in the Sub-Trea- sury- money which is drawn out of the market and put to no use whatever, but which ought to be applied to paying off the debts of the country, and put into circulation in a legiti- mate way. Judging from the state of affairs at Washington, the House is as far from being organized now as it ever was, and the proba- bility Is that we shall witness a very serious financial revulsion during the spring, summer'and fall—the result not of commercial disaster, but of political agitation.Thereare two causes for the presentdead 60,765 08 lock in Congress. Thefirstis the obstinacy ofshould be redeemed at the rate of five hundred But who were the friends of the guiltless to one, instead of two thousand to one, as fixed Hamilton and Dodd? The slaveholders, whocard they say that the whole population, to is man.were agreed about banishing abolitionists, and the only difference of opinion was as to whether Hamilton and Dodd really ware aboli- tioaiEts or n o t The signers of the card—-H. D.14th of Nawoebbor, states that trade prospects were lleoeipta in December, 1H5Snever better to the port than at date, in conse- rfcoeipte in December, 1(£9 quenceofthesatepeace.GeneralUwmisahad•Increaseof18/5*over185T.\mala himself very popular, being generous ta his lOorease of. t&# over 1858..." poBttcal opponents, but just in the punishment of Thetotalannual teoeirte are about.gutsy demmters. We grve sketches of the leading The number of sheets issued per week is 29,100,000men to the new Ministry. These business operations and circulation obstinacy of three o}d conservative parties lnij be true that the government has so far fallen Watch closely, and, in case of danger, Interpose cent, and therefore ought not to be drivenReign of Terror commenced in good earnest.If Congress is powerless to reguhtte the Dis- f i n Congress, they prefer to he inffnoace4 trict, how shall Its authority be regarded in theby mean, contemptible prejudices, to quarrel Spates and Territories? Of what avail hi a about old contests, aad to indulge government which cannot protect ite own of-•the obnoxious anti-slavery candidate, and thus/Ttdr ^waraftSf ^tASTaoraa.—It willseen by the evidence taken before'the Coroner'sJury, thaw the statements current as to the apd such slaves as Hiight conspire with them, known insecurity of the Pemberton Miite. at for the overthrow of slavery by insurrectionending the disgraceful scene now being enactedNorthern fanatics of the John Brown school,in petty, miserable jealousies, while the condi- ficers?tion of the country is approaching a fearful :It would seem, then, that the Christian philo- crisis»;whlch no* man can View calmly without sopher of Westchester had been so far unset-"ftP*^'*^.*!^^*!^^otl^r hand, areinrJuaiBjr the wu*Ue ibtod, fore. I yearsc^a^itt'thu clty'.sotaethirty /ownalo/^mmereetions had to be built to sustain them. The .tlon.^fte, witfc the negrd'pepurarlon, count foundations w e r e - l l ^ ^ ' j ^ A s ^ ' i m ^ v niore than nine millions and a quarter (9,265,- ter. which could bo heard gurgting tbroigh 15n, or r-earir twenty-aevea to One. The idea,eoiibodiog,torea^aming,asaagaJtea^war between, waati !*^to!r1*;-*ieJ^ V»-Ml0>«lMat >e^t«Jrhtony^Tanabout that, however. There> BBwar^wtti be a nfeyer,«owieJ and Com;O C ^ ; B i i * l+*m**- j, B • TZSZELL £ W ^ 'waifbetween thetwosMhWjsMiig4<«Kts and the conservative and commere ^ttiteNorthiteelfiitwillbcafeud, a direful civil war New York, Nevblank e a j k ^ w t s *try is proceeding to anarchy and civil war. Itand printed in another part of this day's their sores, the weals on their persons and spots Thompson, members of the Legislature, had died which we move, act and reason. Were we, must be a terrible state of things when a man HERALD. Among other acts which resulted in of tar, which they preserve as mementos oftheiaiand,commiasioaedtopurchaseaquantityoffluenceoftheHERALDteacharegreatagriculturists.Here,Mars,Bellonaandtheitasfastasitcouldbeturnedoutfrompaper,whohasbeenchargedwithpersonaland. The moat important intelligence by this arrival had arrived at Demarara from Calcutta. Fifty throughout the world. Through it the gov- receive due homage. Here temperance, indus- ciating rates, until four thousand dollars in pa- district two years ago. He was fond of writingaccounts, and as the difficulty between the NOTEScotiaTalegraphCompanyandthepresshasbeen castoffgovernmentrifles,withwhichtoarmatowu yet simple in their character. They show Furies have no place. Here,Pomona,Ceres presseskeptgoingnightandday. Millionson vindictive motives. One ofthese men (Mr. arranged, we are enabled to give aj>rief eynopsia guard at Ciadad Bolivar. that the independent press is becoming and Flora reign supremo. Here flourish the millions of this Worthless paper were worked off Hamilton) Is from Pennsylvania, and was em- of bar new* this mormag. Three hundred and thirty-five coolie immigrants a power not only in this country, but household virtues. Here the lares and pennies on an unwilling people, at constantly depre- ployed as a public teacher In the WUttamsbOrgU the announce-meat of the reteaal of the Pope to others died on the passage. The weather was finebo represented in the European Congress, unless on the island. Trade very dull and breadstufis erned are beginning to exercise a constanttie authorship of the pamphlet, "The Pope and lower. Herrings were wanted, and white pine lum- t>nd watchful influence, over rulers; party the CoBsrress,'' to rspadiated by Lonis Napoleon. ber found a fair market wirepullers cease to beguile the masses withThere Is nothing of importance respecting the a good deal of fever prevailed. A lot of Kroomen held alike amenable, and it is rapidly becoming found him at his post as a class-leader. the people anticipated that result, by turn- to denounce Hamilton as an emissary of theAdvices from China state that the government of Toe sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 1,800 in large cities, where the wants Of thousands of ful and able co-worker in the faith, and, Soulouque in Jamaica.the empire had applied for American mediation in bales, including 900 a 700 in transit, chiefly shipped fromThe pamphlet, onr readers will remember, was re- From Saint Lucia we learn,under date of the 12th khans professions and platforms to ''spit upon;*' f the Pre*byterian church, in good standing until a silver dollar would have brought ten with the editor, who thereupon thought proper cently republished in the eolantM of the HBBALD. of November, that the weather was very rainy, and scheming demagogues and corrupt officials are and full communion; each succeeding-Sabbath thousand in paper. But, as we have said,war between tho Moors and Spaniards. The Queen laborers had arrived from Martinique and met with one of the great powers ot society and of the puring tho relrgious revivals, two years ing the author of the mischief neck and abolitionists. Some of the patrons of the of Spain has been safely delivered of a princess. a cordial welcome. State. But an independent press can only exist ago, tha honorable member was a faith- heels oat of power—packing him off to join school were family connections of the editor,individuals and the requirement of a great {without doubt, brought many sinners to aaad they withdrew their support A meeting was called, and a vigilance committee were directed to call on Hamilton, andthe threatened war between China and Englandand Prance. The ship Flora Temple, bound to the bads of quotations given in another column. Flour commerce, shall give it the means of supportHavana, with, eight hundred coolies, had been lost was without change of importance, while sates were without regard to the wishes of class or the in- connected, too, with the leading philanthropic vain. Their next step was to pick a quarrel and warn them to leave in three days. This In the China Sea- moderate. Southernflourwas steady, and in fair request, trigues of cliques. No other city than New movements of the day, was punctual in attend- with the government which succeeded him. was in the latter part of November. AnotherOwing to the holidays, trade at liverpool had including some sales for export to tropical porta. Wheat York would have afforded the means of build- ance upon the anniversary meetings, and meeting was held—a very excited one—whenb#oo dull. Cotton was depressed. breadstuff) was ta some export demand, but sales were moderate, ing up an independent journal like the HERALD; Worked bravely for the cause of temperance. They were not long without a pretext Thesteady and provisions dull. Consols at London, on Instating prime Mflwaaaie erab t t $1 28, and Chicago new government had to flea! at once with the opposition was offered to the forcible ex-thetttfc,wore quoted at 96| a Sfif. spring on private terms. Corn was firmly held, with and through the HERALD and its example, New A Christian, a patriot, a philanthropist and a paper money question. Its redemption at par, pulsion of these men, particularly by the slave- Onr correspondence from St. Domingo City, writ* limited transactions, while prices were unchanged. Pork York is producing a revolution in the press of philosopher, the selection of Mr. Haskin as the even if tha State had the revenues of Great holders of the place, who believed them to be tea on the 13th BJL—publuaed in another column- was lnattive. The sales embraced mast at $16 15 a the whole world, and exercising an influence representative of Westchester seemed to the Britain at command, was out of the question. innocent The result was a compromise—thattry, religion and frugality thrive and grow pace. Mr. Haskin was well fitted to repre-per only equalled in value one in gold orsilver, How much further this process might letters to the newspapers, and seat one to theHouse with a pistol in one pocket of his coat, and it is so easy to be drawn that It Mis upon the floor. Perhaps he may have had a Biblenied the right of the government to fix such a rate, and insisted on the redemption of the amounts held by themselves and their friends at rates about ten* times higher than those at which they had taken them. This was de- clined; whereupon, in the hope of effecting a revolution, they struck their flags and went off in a body.the slaveholders expelledtheschoolteachers, and that the non-slaveholders resisted them, and that " to preserve for a time the peace of the district, and to avoid the horrors of civil war," the abolition teachers were allowed to remain till their engagements were terminated. Now, the truth is just the reverse of this. It was the non-siaveholding white population who insisted on sending them away, on the ground that, "the ugh nothing definite was known of their abolition or Insurrectionary sentiments, they toerefrom the North, and therefore necessarily imbued icith doctrines hostile to Southern institu- tions.'' Such is the fruit of Northern incendiar-can policy, would close the island forever to80480 a'newfaction-theabolitionrepublicanparty-.TheexcusemadebyMr.HaskinforcarryingAmericaninfluence.HowthisschemewillbeSlmw,S.J.atoadtey,B.P.Bradley,J.A.fjor-U,M6W in supporting for Speaker a, man tainted with his pistol does not mend matters. If it be true carried out, or attempted to be carried*out, doo.D.E. Gordon, W. B. Gordon,'J/W.f|or-7*4*00 that Congress cannot protect the lires of its 600,000 anti-slavery abolition opinions in the most oufc-jtoremains to be seen. We doubt its feasibility; don, J. Watson, J. A. Salters, W. K. Lane and rageous iaabjon; and the other cause is tfceq own members while in its own territory—if it but it is One which the United States should J. C. Bradley—maintained that they ware inno- .cans (a remnant of the old whig party) and thejcombhied, and their parallel does not exist and-Lecomptonites—In refusing to unite upon- capital—If It be true that tha offscourings ofrepraafnttag the- MoeWt > f all the other daily newspapers in this city : the deatocracy was held at tha** *• **>" it teaches, are alike rwtorj&vof thestudy of statesmen,journalists, ; merchant*, phiioeopiters, citizens and polite-Theyare properly divisible into two "claaseo— those belonging to its own growth as a journal, and those belonging to ite growthth the general growth of the country. .The latter class it enjoys in oomnron with ewf other-wellht. As the fertile valleys and vast plains of filluD with population, andSpeaker and organize the House. They have* * * " I H h M M * « ******* *f the planter*, and would to-morrow join tharob and plunder members and others, without amajority;butinsteadof combiningitagainst rdotestatie* bythe authorities—thenhaththeWe all know Oat the island of Hayti Is divided politically into two States-the Spanishindigant and injured people, was his profligate freedom. •Kingstree Star, which was not on the subject of nt this Arcadian district. He was a member have gone oa, it is impossible to say—probably slavery, but which led to a quarrel and a fight.ally publishing every act of violence at the South agby law. As most of their paper was obtainedat rates of from two thousand to four thousand but have since come ont in a card ia the to one, this was, apart from Us morality, a Charleston papers to defend themselves against handsome operation. But their demands do not a charge of leniency to abolitionists. In thisthe time oftheirfirstooeupation, are fully borne out. Mr. Tuttle, the master mason, who put up the brick work, testifies that he told Mr. Bige- low, the contractor, when engaged on the work, that the walls were too weakfor suebe building, and that he subaequentiy informedthe absurd agitation of the slavery question, st) little support in the walls that brick projec- function of the non Stoveaotding white popula- the absurd agitation of the slavery question,U. the slaveholders numbered a little more than !Jb;fafb^^^^-owll^,^-^fam* !a]thirdof amillion,while thosewhoheld aa faot It was known, and had been repeatedly slaves numbered nearly six millions, or about cprnmeitod up«n,#tei thahutidlngwasedtireiy, eeventeen to one. Any person can see at a that is plainly.theprjrVitWwhicTi^lhese dis-, iaadequate to sustain the Weight of machinery glance, tha* it would be impossible for the -Jncrtaie ^;-fl$r^<h*b*i, rajjo. | and Is driving out, tarring and feathering, and graceful scenes in and out of Congress are tend- necessary for the operations of the mill. The «laveholdeis to maintain for an hour the pecu- n o w means of conveyance aad t<f*rm mr^M^^m^ ago* tfery ing. And this Stato of things baa all amen from itbnharf of the flooring In the upper stnries !i ad . ihu institution of the South unless it had toeintetseet, capital,of New Y ork- the great metropolitanmembored tho advice to Peter - He that taketh ern republican,,. * t t j l ^ j h v 6 o i ^ pra^ u^ the sword shaH-perish- a y thesword—andupon|errSghta-tbaJ^^rowaraid,Helper^ resorttoarms. Heshould,however,-have re-book, and the language and action of the North-paring itself to form * £ separate-confederacy,of old ones, and every abolition agitator found within itsapouncn agiBssw m a n wttnin its borders,•:^jrepreseata^t aa, of the most peaceful and Pari- number of operatives were crowded into it, irr tonlsalsTtoitloto ia tWtosfh eater toe halls of utter disregard of toe frightful risk to humansaries wherever they have found them, since the affair at Harper's Ferry, being, la fact, more pro-slavery than the planters themselves.The nateent effect of the Northern crusade against futvery is not to damage tha> instita- tion, but to injure the Norri—to deprive sH'. Ithetefosa; of toe aon-slaweholding whites in ties .South bdnpT>pposed to slavery is preposterons were frequently notified of these wae^uV and ubaurd. But If this eelf-eridcut truth;vjr>cal. fbjewaTntogso|,dhaMr%rr 70tn#ujear£ -spats enjr 4^em to have been taken to secure the bund* | ur.animiiff of the white population waa are netof tar and feathers and sent back to New York,Upon this state of facts the abolitionist jour-not only attended the meeting to defend them,and civil war. These man contradict them- selves, inasmuch as the slaveholders are, or rather were in 1850, according to Helper's sta- tistics, only 347.526. whereas the rest of thewhite.:population amountedto5,836,952—that ^^•i|%Myfcj|A||jpMM^JttSouthern members will hesitate to follow the beings than was exhibttodat the PembertonThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 