 'atsimilar conclusions bysions.Besides tbe rules with•^Bum. BsoTBUR, Fnnklin-theyprotecttoo_ many instances the knowledge they have acquired oily serves to increase their evil In-Theespecially antiquity,.presume?«•«-.<:CountFonnATiin,paddle-wheelT?"^^"!?*^^?^^*"^^^•irtipp* !_-»JH'. fi wyi ->,i -itwinwuLwuiJ.'l>ia«M--»*fV.--.||ui~'.f"-ljterary; - 'Imnr PmBuoATioira.the firm determination, if he does not possess in Low Countries. Everywhere the population were part, taught English, and only the most rodimen- forcibly, and witbont joinhig issue distinctively formerly a physician, written withe—. ^'2?!S?'*i**'*t?'''*** •e'^tanr to tora;;American schools at Shanghai,differentagreementthe historical works,—regardsubjects are laid down, and fbe prindpel adjodibatedJMW>x«HHum *and inlyprocesses.piHnta«vldeaas,libe theWlMaileinpt of the Westein Powers to coerceof— ofhieroglyphicalto each are appended.rfWUpfarW mayresults of theand on the 10thEmbassy, delivered the nlthnatum of the B^nch pose. Halfway up the hank, one on each side of cially, had attained a very extensive and sound which constitute a third of the volume, translatedCnfiia iiito the johungD. Applstob & Ce.Tbe world-wide fame of the lady wbowill secure for this little work a veryit is Ijllfriii to add largely to our Imowledge of that re-note andaod cnltiTated achoUra have accompanied the va-able results be mightauguredtrainingmyeteiiona Empire.Bhrewd obserrersfew women wtU loA b> BUNTING,D.D. VoLL practicaldbectloniinwhichItwtUbeaMlWtion to the apologies previously required, the righthold intercourse with the Commissioners exceptpublic positionspublishers of a History of Ike PrtMbyterian Church in Iralatti, condensed from the standard work of Rsio and Kxl- us, by Rev. Samuxl D. ALxxABSza. The work was written at the instance of the late J. Ansistn ALtx-says thatthis sudden change of issue roused the— keen emotional sensibility. In another room, andPeiho.as to the success of theMassas a1843, atgroundotherwisetbe of theFoLUTT, FosTXE & CO., Columbas, Ohio province of Ulster. To that province It was onceThateverymanisremindedbythelivesofgreat almostaltogetherconfined,thoughnowPiesbylerito- men of the original capacity for improvement and ism is more generally diffused. The rolome wfll 'be"Mr. Oliphast's and observations opinionspoliticalexpectedteinforcementsarrived,into a receptacle for it on a level with the water, however, English is taught some of the; girlsia andcuneiform,particularlyrelatinggreat funilynations,knowledge of the languageHoaa expeditions by wUchJldge haa been obatracted by very formidable ob- hopedno m which mission- cotintrysays,itliia endeavor lias beenyreaeented, and aldioagh their pursnit of know- flag frequentlyThere is probablynature. Aamuse the fair, when fashion and foOynlliPMbat.itadM, tbey have been able, nerertheless, to bringnothingexcitingappearancee.** Instinct of natnie teaches woman iiliiiisTwii pleuecharacter. Weary gmtlemen who accompanied the French Em- uated the fortour countryman, Mr. Bxkd, Infcilor to none of the representatives of otherwas to ourselves. When the banner of the last manwith the most earnestness at extraordinarya new era in evangelicalearly manhood, when, studyingthe service of Methodism, and entered into thewfllahMi some publishaccountoftiisob- devoidof knownspecimensofhumanityweretheythat1 the same. It was an operation entirely—ministry;andthedayshis early ministry^athad behind the rising ground, bevond, disappearedproba- bly the first barbarians tbey had ever seen in theirenterprise.popular•ervations and proceedings in that country. There risk for either party, but to our ahies is due thefailed to on successful or open negotiations any—Here the first volume ends published separatelythe close be argues from all that has betetf ttst gonei* BO good reason why Blue Books and theaiaUrea of the State Department should entombake knowledge which these various Expeditionska^NTgatfaered concerning the oldest, most popu- lens and most wonderful nation of the earth.much less did they manifest any signs of hostility credit of their superior quickness of perception. or towards us. With months and eyesman is an fmmortal being, and tfast fabtHi. Oliphast's nairative of Lord Elgib's Jlis-uon is a most admirable illustration of the valua-able contributions to general knowledge whichaaaj i>e expected from these sources. It is a'most braced by his Admiral, and invested with the Le-RECOLLECTIONS AND PRIVATE MEMOIRS OFWASHINGTON. By Gxoaax Wasbdigtos Pasxb formation, prepared l>y Mr. Datus Kiui, Is ajManating and important book,—full of valuableklfcnastirai and in sketches abounding descriptiveand incidents of the utmost interest. The personal —*gion of Honor on the spot.As day broke the enemy once more opened fireupon us, and by this time the troops were on tne move in all directions. The shot of the enemy was not apparently directed upon onr men, or turned to any one point. It fell in distant cab-;but in Soo-for the eager curiosity of his countrymen, and the mostantborisanexperiencedtraveler, understandinglive in in Liauchau ;" which they explainCanton«nd diethe Bussiane nor Americans had taken any part. The signatures of the French and English treaties—a clear-theto excite.oftheracehave hadthegoodfortunefiecisely what to see and how to see it,baidtd practical man, and a writer of great clear-Maa and force. He went to China as private Sec- to the left, seriously damaged unoffending treessaying that those bom in Soo-chow are remarkable for person-historyalready been made acquainted wifli. w4re Aeywritten during the years lg», lB5fi and Kefli levaH-MmthapartyofChineseofficersboardedtheAr- breasts;published,and relate to Interest. although theyCommissioner turn of the crew, the restoration of the flag and a publictiveduty every spheretill entitled to protection,perhaps, rather highly colored pictures of eagerness Ufe among tbe Everglades of Florida. Theloll written apology &om Yeb, the Chinese officer through whom the arrest had been made. TheseBy FxTiB U. Bcxnr. D. Applstor A Co.Thisispurelyabookofcontroversialthe-ology and we shall scarcely be expected, there-WHIMS AND WAIFS. By Thomas Hood. Dmbt & Jacxboit.basis of the controversy, and make the trifling dis-was answering in a loud, harsh voice, questionsto him by Sir Michael Seymour with refer-in hismillions of inhabitants.Thefar as its tone and temppr are concerned, is emi-- about pntesubsequent proceedingssioners is generally known. The Emperor declin-^thesettling ques-supplyingwhose title we have given above is composed of presented to the public in a neat and attraetlTe gart.and demanded the re-;style.The work will be welcomed with LAWYER TO THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. by the great body of the American people.whole suspicious nature of the Chinaman," more dignified in their bearing, perhaps becauseMissionaryefforts inattending Highspectator ii|of complaint at the outset turnedSOVAS CATBOUC IIISSIONS.Meantime the weather at Shanghai was favorwe cannotthe only true form of Christian society. He first BCEOOL-DATSOFKHINEin'MXN. By Jeaa Timbb. poses, historydoubtful constiactioD of a Chinese ordinanceslveoriginalhistoiyat ttebut DOW the ancient usages and settled policy ofable for excursions, though thetnrally enough the Chinese refused these exac- FEAKT of the habits of thethe modes of Siccaway.CELL,wtfar, end two or three chapters of Mr. Oliphaxt's mirage are devoted to very interesting descrip. tioBS of the journey thither, and of the conditionNotwithstanding the apparent gradual restora-tion of confidence, for some time continued peopleto pour out of the West Gate, without, however,discrimination,a lisrteolfigions clergymen,and otherA series of £zfwith their—indicated the overthrow of British power and theandyetMr.—in Calcutta" the very proximity of the danger, and constant iWniliarity with those horrible details which, arriv-neouspropertybeing conveyedIksthe calm which apparentsummarysome conspicuous way with current events,—formreignedone end of his stick, and two babies at the otherthewhich Boman Catholic missionary enterprise is—UOBS of people, of whom SO.OOO are isfAneiiptionsoftheplaceanditspeople,andcan theeye objects disease,Georgiafiiily beet the mestizoes out of the held as trad-industry, intelligence, and eco-latwaMtlv..ers. Thenomical habits of the pure Chinaman give him anmany may possess a sort of mongrel belief their faith cannot be worth much whencnt vohmetosaobracetoomuchalmost every phase from infancy to age,andHoDsos. and their comneers, taestCByef riaajM<»iimmense desplees sonal comfort contains his open.over tlie mestizo. The formerLord Eloih resolved to proceed to Shanghai, and from thatsuperiortraits ofglad to knowthatItsfaultitthat it endearors Han's firstadvantage feast-dajs,observe their own festivals, toDelhi, am laMMftadhe lives stock in trade,;la good and its Madtag plainand caresfor per- shopworshipa gala•nop, and has no business habite when he is there,he Is and generaUyasleep,'ANEW. By Gso. Rawleisos. M. A. posltencss. The work gives evidenceto thecontd notmuch leee but sleep,which sparkleIt willwhich hlUiertodress,does to live in his lish to not condescendA joint com-GotjlD & Lccoois.a ot schools and academies. Dr. M.»St» Iris thoroagMy «T«tem«-ifiSlS,' "'^Emperor,'*i»y"'*"~°*'"*'7 disguBted at being roused to serve a',' "1jin the littlehisThe mestizo spends half his existence inmrnt, and both the Bussian and Americanters accepted the invitation of the French and Eng-andkeepseyes|Iinis-.rir,^^^WP^^^^T^« I II"in a very minute dimensions."steamer of Early in December themode of transacting public business. Cliinese spies were always to be had for pay. The EnglishOF Bavnoas.was thus toisconductedunderthan the of a rim, ss it were, of the'empire, rendering it difficolt fluent and familiarity with tlie that bebyanna,Itheir property from destruc- tion, Minute reports of everything that occurred were forwarded to the Emperor regularly by thethe laborers with whom the fields teeiaed, and ary cnterprue who were so absorbed by their occupation thatfor the missiimaries to come into such close con-tact whh the as will enable them to peoplea task is not difficultprotectther; filial feeling pen, subjectback mneh new and intereating information con- subordinate Chinese officers, and memoranda labors. One could not making the unenlight- full lielpacquireany lasting influence. A period of from two to the cacoethes scribendi has fastened upon.rhetoric, and the experience of FlddMca oafyMlltashould complete the first day's operations. When our field-piece came up, and a shell burst near them, these brave defenders unhesitatingly evac-progress tbrougb city. lEO, which has none of the offensive characteris- traversed a distance of about two miles. Tbe miwionaries have followed this example. Theexceedingly comprehansini' 4^ m,that we shall have hooks apoB China irom some of the accomplished liter-bassy, and we hopeaaBons in China in judgment and literary ability, tbere was no reason why we should not have done lives. So rapt in contemplation of these un- on the 21st notified the Imperial Commissioner Ynbagegardensto the right, whistled high over head— stantially Lord Elgin's mission.This large and handsome volume is mainly made ous of " the but most of parts boot,"—a fact as patent to our allies as itcreation and its laws. He hasthe French rushed in, and it must be admitted thatAprilof tbeof man from the animalofworld, and of aisti ; eiid atAs the French sailors often carry small tncolor flags in the pockets of their spacious trowsers,satisfactory footing,laws as physical state..their conquests are rapidly proclaimed. Uponthisnorth for the purpose of for with eagerness.an intense amount of enthusiasm, and was em- but it isdifficult to catch a passing of June, the Bussian treaty was signed glimpsein rear, and was disagreeable for amateurs, veryrichest luxuries of life, and those who die in Liau-up of the Becollections of Wasbinoton which hisNaples, Venice, and Orvieto, and theof tbem appeared in TV Craym, In IBSd. Theretary to the Earl of Elsih, and had every possi-bleopportunityforseeingandstudyingeverythingthat occurred during the time embraced in hisaarrative, which presents a full and detailed his- per buzz of a giogall ball was occasionally audible. Cbaoh was the best specimen of a Chinese gen-for no one spot was safer than anotherchau easily obtain superior coffins from the excel- and lentforest-treeswhicharethereabundant.Onr we notice,rockets,barbedas thuddedfizzed for a moment in the and the grass,grashop-A CBISISX GENTLIllAlf.Asearching investigation of some of thehis eoDoptdoc-the the former a quiet, gentleman-like old man, the upon — latter of gigantic proportions and stolid counten-the character of the service touched him profound-celebrated creations, and come to us in such a gives themaln threadCliinese. WePsychology ;—Black-torythe bare sUtement of all thst is -«o;ance.The Allies being now in full possession of Caa-; feeble arrows, about,will faU toor adequate impression of the very great value and lishing upon each recurring anniversary of his dpal interest of the reader will centre ia tta a^flw'agrounddragging little children after them, they;generallyuntouched. The work caimot fail to be before beenneighborhood pre- sented few attractions of any interest. One day nade wtueh would overturn them altogether. Na- ton, attention was given to exploring the city, and we took a walk of twelve miles to visit tbe Boman veryinterestingdescriptionsaregivenbyMr.Oli- CatholicCollegeandmissionary establishmentofPresbyterianChorch ofthethe whole Empire are assailed, and demands areread the discussion between Campbell and Poa-—tions, and the war was renewed, and prosecutedfrequented, alreadydevised methods. We continued to hunt them were still further diminished in breadth by large over their desks, and reciting their lessons todown in creeks, bum villages where outrages had tubs full of live fish, baskets of greens, sea chest- themselves in a loud and monotonous chant, eachbeen committed, and otherwise toto the best of our ability^—not in a maimer, it mustbe confessed, calculated to increase their terror forout arms or their respect for our civilization." ger. Open coppers steamed and bubbled, and del- rooms, deep in the study of the classics and polite &uch was the state of adairs which led to the ap- icate morsels danced on the surfaqe ; round tables learning of the Chinese, for the system of the pointment of special Ambassadors by the various were daintily set out with pastry of divers pat- Boman Catholics consists not so much in imbuingBotsia sending Count Poctiat:niOaOB, and the British Government dispatchingBRATURE.March,I860. W.H.BrowiiL,Edit- orandFroDrietor,No.iBeekman-streetparts.In tbe first he;France,Baronture of their country as shall enable them to com-pete successfully with their feUowa for the highest honors of the empire at the competitive examina-coffins balanced pots of manure and men trans- ;articles which we should consider worih-China, and resolved to await the arrival of fresh seldom makes use of the sleeves of her jacket ;leUgioas Inilba,ing by installments in England, acted onlike a series of electricnets slmost amounting to apathy in India."fiesosi,teads carefully as their wivesthe general aspect of the female part of the popu- lation, wa? this wonderful, when to their natural ugliness is added the deformity of feet and appa-based in China, of conforming as much as possibleto and to the ut- existing prejudices, ocnciliatingtermost where it caimot convince, I do not think that, even under tbe new treaty, or the most fa-a marked and attractive feature of the work.are well executed in mezzotint, generally fromshocks, producingacalm-al Inaccuracies of The second andwhich eootsln. tbeysociety;nor, consideringTheyreforms whichcountry before we may be properly termedwill excuse. In the mind of thette oceasloa-Shoppingla Msnilla is an unsatisfactory pursuitAll the heat' shops are kept by Chinamen, who that touches you of a contagious disease ;Heroes of th. 1,M^ MM^little{,prosperity.mkid the Ire-.:tmmaMrt. it « not »t all to lomeettheui at Shanghai, whither, in due sn uneommoo tbbig',j 1I'IItizcdbisformatlonrhitoiBtaH compass, prtbeBstve view of all subjectsof pliydelogy and hygiene-fske rank among the text books tb^Bitbb have J A. B. Basses * iuu^'''°»nter, her beaotiftil Wfack i^ili""" ^r face, faUing in wavywent to seek anresearch, scholarly, logical and con-lawyer,J^^t f ^^^^Swlifh^e'YoTiSrntheymight lewhiggUmpaeofoni»iiT movessouth, but b aeatteiedwhlea agreat maiv ysats af:t^HM«f tehas enabW her to brtag to M. buai^M!^Ji^i!?'^f*?jS^ayes^ awtttate of lidH-tlttl he looks as if he<B faiitw and hamlets,Ctuiitianitj, are marshaled fbr tbe overthrow Dl«:e neithersStBOniVifot-gently on to theChfiaman, with his over the cpeople, doingbusiness,&c.,&c. WeextractfromthemThe missionbuildingsarepleasantly situated on We were received athighattahiment which he, in common with his fel- readwith interest the descendants inby this conatryon both sides without much system and with nogeneral result. "The Chinese," says Mr. Oli-PfiABT, ** continued to kidnap, assassinate, bumsteamers, and annoy us in sundry cuimingly more and the narrow streets noisy students, all swaying their bodies to and fropursueinvestigationlow-men, the Poet assures us and possesses,of the Irish Presbyterians.A new edition of S. Arocsirs MrTCHDJ.'s .dn-ci€nt Geography, Classical and Sacred, Ulastrsted, jostpaythem out nuts, yams and bamboo root. Cooking stoves apparently profoundly indifferent to the sharpPliUsdetpUa, forth at length the reasons which led him to this conpaie their own progress, step by step, with that of will become a valuable text-book in the aokaolsaid conclusion. The habits of a lawyer are manifest the famous who have gone before. Especially full of colleges. It is a condensation of the ONiat i^nakla in liis mode of examining testimony, and occasion- interest are the early efibrts, the points of departure, main features of larger treatises, anaagad witb a of teclinical adherence tbe first indications of talent, perhaps unappreciated view to its usefulness in the lunds of ttw itadtatthe following graphicDIECBIPTIOH OF A CHINESE BUSINESS STREET.the door by some priests, dressed, as usual, inexpe- rience declares. More than this, it titillates the fancy,"The AvenueofBenevolenceandLove"wasChinese costume, who conducted us over the es- tablishment, vv e found the school-rooms full ofhalf—tbe result being hisespeciallyof those who are juststartinginlife,toexcitement of the gambler with the epicurean enjoyment of theexhilaratingWe have more than once taken occaaion tocommend this monthly as one of very great value tinues it to the present Ume, illustrating every period events in Church history [during the past pear ; aIiOrd £loI]>, preceded by an expeditionary force ofabout 6,000 men. The outbreak of the mutiny in gouimanil, the consideralion that they had cost tions. By these means, if they do not gain con-to who desire to read the most substantial and of It by an account of the education of each Sover- classified and statlsticai record of relfjcionsIndia led to the diversion of nearly the whole ofAim iate*, and the stispension for the time of hos-MitiMiM China. Loid Blsis proceeded to Cal- sent him supperless to bed.all habits and The second section eign, bis early tastes.—any thing to be seen in any other part of the world,ithe cameThe e.-^braced period^fofofdoand the streets themselves are wet, slippery, narrow, tor-,,.'of .he mort ^,^dco»pilatlor> been tbtU ^tuous, and crowded.Negotiations were soon renewed.;MacablatandLonopxllow. WearepubUgedjoin them in this eipetlition.munication was addressed to tbemgthatana caatheprisonersjerked was received in nure the fields.THE LIFEBybisson,TbokasFiicivalBoBmo.Hause& AsFioaaiicsNieEmeiuherselfand carried away to ma- Such and many other novel and hungoutbytheChinese,who ingeniouscontrivancesweobservedemployedbyIl0 ^be l^jetrwtk Wmt§.NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1880.»• -i'5;his the article which do wan^ to force iLduttiiousI; engaged in agricultural pursuits not tary works in their own classics. Their education with of the writers of the mythical school, will, therefore, be welcomed by all of thatshop yon — anyUpon returning*»! OF B LOIN'S M18- found that early in November Mr. RiSD, thesoil. Men in boats were scooping the rich mud eigners. from the bottom of the canals with primitiveas Prof Mas--SjQi-'M^ ^.IS"^tifwir. a© cauuk and japan in the AmericanIt knowledgeofto principles theysxl'bThought," airiveson the Limits ofBeligions..Mnf4iai8H, MM AND USB. By Ladumcidredges made of basket-work,ited their contents into the bottom of the boat,entire-of contact and ae laws witha re- setmsto Boog Kong Mr. OLirBAsr source neglected for increasing the fertility of the them, either among their own countrymen or for-whoserUon, that a doctor wbo knows nothtag ofWlrii a lawyer who knows of oMdttyou to buy from him somethmg you do not. an inch of ground seemed uncultivated notto be ofhas been found at Hong Kong tliat ahad arrivedgantic proportions," and the Bassian Minister, shut on the principle of snuffersMinister,^inafrigateotgi-which and openedtions, againstwhichnot even thetheir wide jawa like some river mon- ster disgori ing itself. This mud was dischargedip,i|M,they openedfluence. In thethe areto the top of the bank, where it they had undergone.culation yet ;,troughslesspotte of barbarians wonld have interrupted their-cetnSng the conntry and its people. U. Hex's of conversations, observations, and opinions of the ened and antiquated political economical reflec- three years after his arrival in the country is em- to perform it well requires nice discrimination andrules ofNioBTDiSAU wUl not be without valoe ;book on Chinaa more intimate andEnglish were found among the papers seized intion that the introduction among them of Europeanployed by the missionary in learning the language,excellent taste. The tendencyinsuch biographiesglTes, perhaps,ariafactory account of Chinese society, theborne In mind that when the antharessboon to persons who seemed to possess all the ele- which the dialect is spoken, and which is not un- generally panygyric painfully ap- tell what nursing is, and what It Isaot, ber daisie fa— iMbita, sentiments and aiodes of life wMch prevailand discoveries would be a doubtfulFrench and English, landed, captured the forts, ments of material prosperity, and who so richly derstood elsewhere. He is even then not able to parent candor. To tell a simple, unvarnished not to furnish a nurse's vade-auewn, " •andnarrative their industry and ingenuity. Of course it wasfor the mere passer to do more than the European population go far toward neutral- in malice," is the happy mean which fewsince thattiaw other travelers, their special attention being a few sentences, describing—guess how far tbey enjoyed substantial happiness, other does not remain above or five who essay this style of writing are con-mCIDXKTS IK We foundunder which affect their domestic comfort.uponOn the 28th, the troops, bothenterprisewhich confines him to thedistricts inparticular is either to or toaadeili^M<tsstieiets throughout were lined with spectatorsthe window s, and bridges were house-topshowever,Christian missionaries, will doubtless inauguratethronged with an eager and excited populace, who gazedeadearated tMnee legttiBiate soonee, aadta^d, medical profession, he was converted, trained for with tbclr aid, «s perfect a system aspoalMlt. Secontemptatutmoststretchtheystatedinperfectsilence. Iobserved many women among the crowd. Soo- the cbow is celebrated throughout China for the beauty go forward towardoccasion the leading marine, having been provi- of its women, and certainly those I saw did not treating with the Government. We have no space dent enough to supply himself with a national" pavilion," sprung upon the walls, flag in hand, belie its reputation. In ns other part of the em- for any extracts from the spirited account of the_ably sappiated, iand shouted, " Vtve fAmiral I I'Empereur ! la, pire have 1 seen such fair complexions or regular attack, or indeed for any of the very interestingfeatures. In Canton the women are absolutely details with wliich it is followed. On the 14th of France ! VAngleUrre !" all in a breath, created hideous north beCusns. DSKBT & jACKSOa.The American world can never hear morethe Ulostrations are well-executed and vat7 mnek ia point.; in the they may good-looking,which, under the circumstances, can scarcely be they had less cause for alarm, Pihewei and the China may be of considerable interest. Writing of Fort Vancouverjwhere he was temporarily located- have charmed and amused us before in his more prepared with a great deal of painstaking. Itconsidered a matter of surprise. The whole Tartar General philosophically awaited their fate— Shanghai,Aa^ history, se as toMigit within the reach ef those to whom the mora e^tn-weie erected,aDd viands hissed tones which were ringing in his ears from hia elaboiately-cookedallytothere is anappearanceof those who have sinceand sputtered on the heated iron, titillating with neighbor on either side. There were altogether their savory odor the nOstiil of the hungry passen- eighty young men and boys in tbe several school-wereleft "foot-prints." School-days of eminent men! tiqultles and literature that mlgtit have lieem oa^tiadterns, and presided over by croupiers, who jerked the students with the dogmas of their own faith great powers—the United States sending Mr. Bno, reeds in a box, or a ball after the as in educating them to such a point in tbe litera-bis to the great men of Great Britain, be hasspnn somethingfasliion of roulette, thus enabling the dinner-seek-THE ECLECTIC M4GAZINE OF FOREfGNLIT- designThe American Christian Record, issued by W. R.C.ClaexiMxxzsi,willbeavalusblsbooklar reference. ItcontainsavarietyofinfoimatioBoa all current religious topics, and wlQi ngaid to thaer to combine thehim nothing, adding additional zest to nis gastro- verts, they secure to themselves protection in highplaces, and ever after have friends of the mam-mon of unrighteousness whom can re- upon theyfor the tie formed between the stadent and his teaclier at these establishments is not easily broken. I was informed that the Roman Catholic missions could boast of converts even among theaadaotajassociations in the Unitea States andhistory. Confession of Faith, and present statMiedofnomic pleasures. It might so happen, on the otherthe denominations of the Uaitadhand, that one unkind turn of the wheel of fortunecomes more strictly within the purview of tbe title.more loathsome thanestant authority that, out ol the mass of Protest- antconvertshithertomade,there were only fivefeat on thelish policy there, and cleariy establishing the highMarriageVioiatians, byauthor, Isagreeably. uLextendsfroa. I7Mitoth ea^;system uponters about hia statements of soberlike lunnliig vines on tbe sombre walls of aa aMwy. The fact that they were delivered extamporaaeeaalyly ;—aiming more at what is solid tbe great writers, jurists, statesmen, orators, divines, Statesdiminution in the amount mandarins while numerous instances of devotion ;entertainingthus made up primarily of the more elaborate por-is,strangeranecdotesmaking any perceptible•f aflsfos in India at tliat time when everything of the population. It was singular to stand here and acts of private charity to the missionaries andauthentic. 'Tls narrative is not only than Fiction.athis is what he of the saysThe fervor and devotion of the worshippers and of thethe banks of a small canal.tofor himself, which he did for about a year and a;openingcountry,by—^the pe-tions of tlie foreign reviews and magazines, though liiose Chinese who were members of the Church, h'ght literature is not entirely neglected in its pages.but moreentertainingtheir converts were related, Iwth on the part ofOlifbast says nothing struck him so forcibly as by patient coolies, followed by anxious own- and of those who had merely benefited from its Each month the editor gives also an agreeable ATOIDABII CAUSCS OF DISUSE, by JoEH BlU3, eloquent and popular preacher., They osardow wiiliextermination of British residents ;—and watch this exodus, to observe the miscella-which wasers. Now a man passed with tables and chairs atfind a place in the llbiary of many an wlalnr af the Imagery which in all Dr. CHAra's aeiBaaaebis-institutions.Notwithstanding, however,Pei-ho,aimingatfins, or somel'ning worse, reciiiessly dash their ib no reason to suppose that the proportion shoald courage the Admiral, is copiedjostle against you. Coolies staggering under cof-really;and thereA FAMIUAK FORENSIC VIEW OF MAN AKDH.LAW, Bj B. WASbSS. FoLLiiT, FobTia & CO.,Colnmbus,Ohio.A lawyer's view of Man> and Law should be avery comprehensive ODC.snd comprehensive tbe pres*& Co., of n„i„TMi,„. Fo.=tee Columbus,loads against your shins ;you suspecti| ',demand- Imperial Plenipotentiary should be sentTheeight lectures delivered in the Oxford UniversityPolitylittle or noUimgofduodecimo, urangedexpresslytor the usebelieved to be sincereevery man be greater among tlie more intelligent of the Bo- several other articles of equal value and attract-the new Constitution in 1798.at the which point press his demands upon the Chinese Govem- giavea of their ancestors, and go tiirough all theirtbe is threadedoftogether |rifea*aaU]R. fMffO-The point is one which has caused a pnlpit, last«" . J. *!• "P '"""OK in one e««ir«f his they all proceeded. Upon the trip from Shanghai serious dissension between the Dominicans and for them an extensive drcnlation In America.vro*, (^ompressbig*J^'VJo girl stretched ItfturioMlf atrelatingThe work iOMraH totime,up the Eiver Yang.ue-Kiang to Soo-chow, whitherofficial to whom this letter Ouphaut gives us the fol-significant.year, by Mr. BAWLtasoir, vrill insure Theybe delivered, Mr.i|into large vlltegeeofof 4e betesies of onragTMmeht between Scripture and profane history,'csL gnMaaeeSjudgment Blble-clsssesWmdy otb«n**e««i«J<rtiJli«fas the sution at which their labocaiaimparting aceBery that air of domestic comfort ud chriUsation which is moreregardedto It Tor tBeof which it Is a feature, tie'lou'nd.af lalTyen 'A'medteo-ception of burning joss-paper. At Chusan, indeed, our reverend fiiend told us that the converts oftenTRBTH OF TUB aCRlPTaHESTATED RBC0RD8graphy C. S.the feet that they should be permitted to do so, and Btltl retain their Christian name and profession, isIts entire design include,yetrefused to take part in these ceremoniesbutIJesuits, the Utter lieing in favorof thegibbjtaegreatest latitude being (i»en to the religious practices ofwho know,most entirely eoodocted by Jesuhs. TBIpasnaTAHTlussioira.of Btodem unbelief whiob denies the historical ac- cnracyoftheSacredBcripturea. Therecentdis- corerie* of liis brother and others in the East, andThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'-jrJsr.1on the subject of malpractlee jm ^tmd pared the volume with great can, aad wdtt « ,CUUiHs*he pejraletieB here is not so ranch colleeted Bhangbsi are deToted- rather to tbe education of the te«imon]es of ancient literatore to the truthsSAaAB R. HA.1.VA.torfchy deii«nejas.*^«s«!lAORi<nn,TTnis.as In the ;U»the schools and for faouiy, .lln..BfJlgf ^The efforts of the Protestant mlsslonsrtes at youth than the conwnioo of adults. Ningpo isiFrom theis imbued with patticulaily the cbaiaeteiistic of BelgisM and the tant instniciien, but ibej are not, fat tbe meet tki vetacity of (he former is proved clearly snd legal treatiset* tbeUntitled Documentday.positiveon the icho«I-ideB has been vacantthis latter hsve been most satisfactory^ respect:occupya nicheant,but it is ob-sketches that hs.e Lifem themutmyinIndis. The;of general readlag.reception by his own countrymen of the nupabllihed book, cUefly coocerclngare rich inthe eonverte. The mission at Siccaway wis al- vincing. Their design is to meet that latest phase|likely, therefore,little service to theirwhile it has the samerefuted. The work,recognize the troth of Davib Tai IL. nothingEnglish exposes youtlutempta-"Lecturesdent In ess»tialreqnidtes of their iasp_legaid totamandas vom- have,oroughttohaveimbil>ed,can themcasesof that month Mr. Wadi, interpreter to the British where the bank had been excavated for the pur- tbe schools of these laiter missions, more espe- dwelt upon and made obvious. The lengthy notes K0TX8 ON KUB8IN0. By FiaanKBMr. Olipbaxt gives very interesting reports of the various nego-; and,and English Plenipotentiaries.tiations that followed, illustrating the Chinese and thenfrom the Greek by Bev. A. N. Aenold, are a valu- able part of the American edition.wrote,this hole, stood two each holding the end persons,so far as one could judge from their appearance, the most favor-of a rope, to the miadle of which was attached a bucket, which they ducked into the mud below,|from the OB8TACLI8TOlOtBIOIIABTXTTOBTS.difficul- ties than m China, onr isolated position, on thethe pnblic offices.scaled the walls, and took possession of Canton. deserved whatever comforts they had obtained by settle away from ibose ports where the vices of story, "nothing extenuate, nor aught set down thought"— phraseology—"tiy wUskavipee—there, thananyworkofitsday;dbected to other points, have greatly enlarged ourkaowledge of China. Ur. Wusbots Cooei, thepefial correspondent of the London Times, has(rrenmost graphic and spirited pictures of scenesand incideBts Uiat passed under his observation,aad illustrated various pliases of Chinese life and Fort, the capture of which it had been arranged ourin her own canteachthemselvestonurse." Tliebookin clear type, with marginal index, on lit oetaTO pages, and has a covering that win endure eaadideris- ble rough usage In tbe sick-room.AECANA OF NATURE. By HUDMa Tvma. SaHr. OoLBT&Co., Boston.In an octavo volume of only 310 pafi% Kr.treating It, exceedingly interesting aeeooat ifWe clip from Mr. OtiPHAHT's spiriteditjfif^THI ASSAtJlT OP THI TOBTS, the front about a mile from the vil-and how the system of Governmenthand, four months at a station before he is turned outthe field of his labors and left to tbe lan-tent with. The author of the work that wehave before us, with rare judgment, in choice lan-guage, and modestly wiihal, gives to the world,and when we arrived, the French and Eng- lish Admirals and Gen. STaACBKRZM were seated at luncheon in a grave. We were close to Lin's—THE woma.lage,impossible izing his efforts. The Boman Catholic, on thetheypick upguage as best he m8y,Uving with the Chinese,dres- sine as they do, and altogether identilyinghimself wiih those whom he seeks to influence. With the We thus exception of Mr. Bqbh, comparatively few of oursoldiers,accompanied by in chairs tbeduringa ofit, history JabezBuht-livedABaivAi. AT aoo-CBOWmightWe were received at the wharf "by a guard ofand werethemand to " the especiallyto whom he dedicatescalledpeople Methodists,"On the 10th ofdid not even see them criticisin gusto one another, of their arrival in the Gulf of Pechelee but they London, Manchester, Sheffield and LiverpooLverythem, so shy are they of barbarianschow tbey love both to see and be seen, and withgood reason. The Chinese proverb surely lacks willingly, but extorted, Mr. Oufhaht is careful toEUOT tiOSTOS. TicxKoa k BOSISK. FlSU>S,There is more of the historical and diH«':tic than trMts of his character are studied of tbe descriptive in Mr. Nqbtob's notes of tateLwisdom which "To be on earth onecommon-placehas thereislittleofartornaturethattbewoildInaaetsays, roustbeborninSoo-chow,happyrecognized the truth tliat laiiilybyal beauty, those who live in Canton enjoy the followed soon after and thus terminated sub-bijth.of the events that have led to the pending Upon our occupying the village, the population, tlemen I had yet seen in Ctiina ; nothing could be chapters are devoted to a most interesting report ter, is prefixed, and Mr. LossiNS, the editor, has many of its practices he expresses a feeling ot itory of old men and " indigent" fe- chiefly consistingmore dignified or courteous than bis maimer, and of the visit to Japan which Lord Elgis subse-appendeda variety of illustrative and explanatorywar between England and the Chinese Emperor. males with goat's feet, whose home oufeht to have^but we are made—for many of its members. Hepri- fully and hopefnlly of the future of Italy, Tbe work vate letters from Wasbingtoii which have never is full of Interesting Information and will be read wttkregardthe Chinese crew,—claiming that the vessel was among our men, by whom, of course, they were in politeness and amiability when he is secretly re- of becoming moic intimately acquainted with the citing interest which grows out of public afibirs, Weitsbxad. Dssbt a Jacuok.no way molested. gretting devoutly that he cannot bastinado you to habits and characteristics of the Cliinese, but by they are very curious and gratifying from the light Most of the sketches of which this velomB isthis at a time when a most disagreeable commis- The-troubles commenced with the famous " Ar- oeen the Asylum, came tottering out, prostrating sion had been confided to him. But a Chinaman quentlyThe work contains anumber ofspeaks elieer-row ease," in October, 1856. On the 8th of that themselves the onentirelyTtna, tore down the British flag and carried away stumbled and hobbled over the rough ground so, and maintains an expression of imperturbable eagerly read, not only by those who are desirous the details of private life, and have none of the ex- WILD SPORTS IN THK SOUTH. By CBABias K.and their beatingbelooks most pleased when he has least reason to behas wonderful command of featurea Chinese vessel, and that some of the crew were This closed the year 1857. On the 5th of Janu- death. On this occasion our accomplished host sll who are fond of picturesque description, of they throw upon the General's character, and es- composed were originally published in the ^firit c/pirates whom they wished to punish. The British insiated that, although her register giving her the pdvfleges of a British vessel had expired, she was—a force from both the French and English ar- overwhelmed us with civilities, constructed pyra- and sensible and of valuable in- midsofdelicaciesonourplates,andinsistedon just reflections,peciallyfromthe manner in which exhibit Uu Times, under the title of " Camp-irearymies penetrated to the house of Ykb, the Imperialour drinking a quantity of hot wine, obliging us to turn over our glasses each time as a securityformation conveyed in a most spirited and attrac-theyhis almost painfully minute and conscientious at- tention to the details of in ofStodea,'* and some of them were reprinted in other patodl-cals. Theyarepleasant,sprfflitly,andfound a great number of valuabledocuments there, including the French, against heel-taps.wss a far handsomer residence than any similar official abode in Canton. The interior was invested with an air of comfort unu- sual in China, the walls nicely papered, and tbe floors carpeted. The whole establishment had I reached Magazine Hill shortly after the pris- been recently put in good order, and was altogetherTHE PATH WHICH LED A PROTESTANT life.English and .^erican treaties, and took YiH him- self with two of his associate officers prisoners. Mr. Olipbast gives of them the followingCbaoh'syamnmdeaianda being only partially complied with, theBritish seized the defences of the City of Cantonand after the city was completely in their powerthe British authorities resolved to enlarge the surrounded by some of his immediate attendants, Governor of a Province containing thirty-eightPiaSONAL DBSCBIPnONS.oners arrived tbere. YsH, seated in a large room, a fit residence for so elevated a functionaryIf we were to announce that the unequaled humorist had suddenly returned to this -world and;put ence toof the Commis-vessel a pretext fortions of much greater importance. On the 27ch ofOctober letters were written demanding, in addi-alarm, his glance was troubled, and his fingersfor all foreign representatives of free access to the trembled with suppressed agitation. His heavy through his own subordinates, they resolved to authorities and City of Canton. Mr. Olifhant seni^ual features, although relieved by a trembling proceed further northward, to the mouth of the vivacious eye, were not calculated to betray verywho had beenThe author is alawyer of considerable distinction, and has filled various;Englishmenhands. Though he endeavored, by the assumption to directly to their communication, or to of a careless and insolent manner, to conceal his ing replynently candid and judicisl.—thefore, to enter very largely into its argument. It iafree, however, from the heat and passion whichsometimes chsracterize works of its class, and so had written a new volume ofpoems just published of significance in it than tbe senseless git>befishfear,convey any justadopted son,Mr.Cusxia,was in the habit ofpub-fl^a-of trust and responsibility. He was trained a Baptist, and became a member of that Church in 1840. His first impressions in fa-Bobeet Cabteb <t Bbothebs are thevor of the Catholic Church were received while Tom Hoodto all intents andpurposes,new ef-greaterthe started, and e±peditionshows theof in divisions, classes and ipecies of the living wofU,and after considerable determined to take the forts, and holding them, tointerest of Mr. Olipbadt'b narrative. Severallife of Mr. Ccsnshimself, by daugh- trines of the Church of Rome. Whileto leave this portion of the nanative, for the present at least,notes.compelledgreatinto the readable shape that validity of the claims of the Catholic Church to be than well of them.speakand directed his studies to anly, inquiryis not accessihle. TtieIrish Presbyterian Church is, to all inteuta aad par-andwasnotat all satisfiedwith the argn- ments there .adduced in favor of Protestantism.thefull conversion to theHe resolved, therefore,instructive portions of the foreign magazine litera-ture of the day. It is edited with judgment and It gives us interesting Incidents in the youth of sllEurope;snd useful, than what is and and soldiers of the land, whose names have lived after;Post-eOoa ikd- /substantially pleasantare all dresees,matter.for tbe moment. Its extracts are tbem. The best of Itthat thecommon proof that Truth ininterestingemporoiieinu JHtcoar*u,hjM. D. FtibUshed by tbe Anther.Dr. Ellis subscribes fully to the doctrine thatthe prevention of disease is more important than its cure, and sets out to give his views with regard to thein thisclasses. With the masses in almost all countries\ with an able defence of the Inspiration of the Bible, generated, but he points ou* in detail the many er- E. H. BtiTiia, of Philadelphia. It is s cvefol digestvolume of Dr. W. In September, 1857, Lord Eloi.v letumed to rent entire absence of arms—for a Chinese woman its influence will ever be felt upon the governing! The number of the £c/ec«M; for March leads off serted ft before—that the American people are de- B. Srivxas'ifutory «/'<;n>r;t(i, bu been publistaed byforces from home before renewing hostilities. Mr.any thing more unprepossessing than the lady part of the community could not be well conceived. Inwhere it has been introduced at al],the Boman Cath-ftom the London Review, and contains two arti-rors of diet and of social hah-'t to wh^ch we are en- slaved, and the measures whicii should be taken toThere is little that is novel in this vol- ; it is an assertion and enforcement of weU-of the principal incidents to the history of the State,OUPHAST tooktion to make a trip to ManiUa—a city of three mil-only eopya single paragraph about SEbrEXgtaa n hakilla.olic religion has been popular;but the emissariescles oftria and Italy.interesting review of Bain'sneither at brilllancv of style nor specfsl In-advantageof ihisperiod of inac-of that on their own plagiaristhistorical interest in connection with Aus- Philosophical readers will find anaimingterest In the narrative. Yet there Is mucn""«'«t^h«e'Ml*a°i2 engagesfact, after the first novelty has worn off.kave no space to follow the author in his interest- the olfactories. Tbe most disgusting sights meet the Pope. I was informed by a high clerical Prot- wood's very graphic description of the British de-there is nothing to make a promenade in the streets of a Chinese town attractive. The foulest odors assailphilosopher,correct them.umeknown truths that renders it valuable.vorable conditionswhich canpossiblybedevised,,people.Hewlllnotassert noiv,—thoughMons. AtTGCSTE CoMTE. Would have a greater chance of auccess among the Hurati of China than those ofwhom heman Catholics.Among the ignorant and superstitious, doubtlesstained by conceding to them the permission toin the his.of distinguished persons,The portraits of mainly those connected inphotographsor other accurate likenesses.healthy he has as-expression concludingliterary intelligence.ofiveness."Ths editor promises, in the issue for April, por-athe Eclectic enjoys steadilyincreasingown ceremonies of mourning, with the ex- THE HISTORICAL EVIDENCES OF THE Ihd matter, tclence, the Bible, and even woman.narrative of the wholesiegea vindication ofa:and there areMessrs F.-llet,OiJohavepublished T/u2^byD W.B^nsTT. rtfspnnelp.lly«.^rid,-'argumentsarefullygeneral objectto medicalbetween the records of the Bible and Infuitlclde, Corosier's Inquests, sad ottarJABEZ Towriteafirst-ratenoticeofone'sownfa^wields awrites about is a manifest advantage to him whomBut U, and bow to fill It Yet poets bora m^pttHf—Bpitrafthe new tics alluded to. The subject of the memoir livesof thetreaty, and the protection which it guarantees to o'er again his childhood—his school-daysriod of hisfor therecnecd facts to their—delay to avoid delay but to be followed soon by a second^ state Is controlledwhich those who shall have read the first will lookUsfour days afterwards the American treaty was concluded,both containing important concessions-not grantedtell us, by the hostile operations in which neither with an affectionate veneration, which few men in Probably he;than it gladly welcomes of the Father of his Conn- TRAVEL AND STUDY IN ITALY. Vy ^CaSUBStry. No incident of his life is too trifling1evidently loves nature, and the eharaetar of the tales gives him ftequent opportunity of Isdolglag He pas slon. Hisnarrativesofhairbreadthescapeslaiand in field are exceedingly Inteiestlaglogue of the negroes, Indians and bsckwoodaaBa who are strung upon the thread of his story hassaotein this City, the press would have its iron hands which Is commonly put into the monttis of sneh full in the demand for it. The volume characters in the novels of the day aad the book isdramatic sketches, odes, political satires and mis cellaneous fugitives (with a few exceptions) not contained in tbe former collections of the works o—forts of the versatile genius of the poet. They arecharacterized by the same peculiarities which ASSZB, D.D., the brother of the aathor, aad has beenBoman Calfaolic faith. In this volume he sets have their own powers thus recalled to them, and to from the of E. H. Butlss Jk Co., pressrules which doesnot seem quite appro-at the time tbeygiven,There is much information concerning pf^'IkT. aa-legalpriate to such a discussion. The work evinces The title itself commends the book. A dull writer without destroying its Integrity as a compeaSleaskls-marked ability, and will undoubtedly exert a de- would hsve made an entertaining volume of it, and tory, and the addition of which will prouai Uonalsiy cided influence. the author Is by no means a dull writer. Restricting enhance the reader's estimation of It..divided his work into two sketchestheProgressofEducation,commencingtbe dark age of the history of the realm, and con-and iM Eng- aworkofequalmerit.in the time of]ofof a deal greatICo. pdbHsh A GuideM. D.,assuredlyis. withinalimitedspace.heroicdeeds.butRev. E. H. CsAna, D. D., pobUshed vadattba JHipr- viiton of tbe eloquent divine, by O. BmoapaM^l^must be grafted on society areader,in nature andintroduced,—sometimes without any discoverable ap-appearanceart,theoperationsJurisprudence.TherSrl:s're%-rd?^;e\fUY valoe .m medical botikztf.'ln-mstioi wi'Ji regard in essesen tblewitheach of tbe,i)T .?*^,io!«rjai^a9 anri tvIsanurse—antirseIs bom, not manufactured. Fsshiftn aad- Mto aM^" When pain and anguish the bte the wring,TcTTLZ gives anboth from the nature of the subject and bis nrtWliril 1^originmiivene,Ufe, nfliliipfcii,whichment is well- defined andHon Indisputable. Anappemliz full ofgovernTbe llae at t 'byImmotalAea*iof which li eminentlyFkascis &KvjowUigeof lAfe, by SsMcr Juos Majw,t]-smoontand aifordiaraW^a vast'' ''"«TT r'-nrs-uJ^pt^te wkbwink, iuteUigeBceandwhoAt about 400 children are onder Prota*- Bhangbai,themeaby lawyer,who wascopidity,www.fultonhistory.com 