 1]ik9>mauveK;olor,mon^g's jaunt.tiefaind the crimson velvet seats of dieeiiange •CKHES AT THE FIFTH-ATmOBt";pbraieaing a regulated and orderly stream of admiring, pleasanter gathering ; and a baU is, after aB, ar Over the stage, in the space foimerly occupied prisasatie costal ttuoa^ which a' varyfaig ii^ knew tbal he eouU pass in a>4ifO. 2828. NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13/ 1860 ;. . SPRl^Ca; TWO CENTO^ "I'^5s*IT*(!lr!nUINTHEMETRQPQUS.andwhocanbejealousofnobody? Peiiiapa,in- ness. Thebusyfingersoftliemoditte*threoi^. orretiring-rooms,carpetedwithgreencloth,very andUuestr^esofsilkhaabeeneonatracted.fail-1 OBwdjteearvedttwli-wsatyyostaia.nt| deed, (let the wretched floor-cmnmittee thank us out the metropolis must have been marveUausly refiesliingto the eye, and only decorated with such ing down in gxaceiul earres OB either aide «r tk« I with«4their«yes for AidsK Baauaa'a (tOrsen of aplain space runningpoUahed planka,dancingMiaB, to fill a houae ao foil with embroideredniilMUes that they atood upon erne anotber'a—this is a labor oflaae upon yoa to dance,'SmPZiAXFOBMlike light over the floating folds of a vast tent of tal of dowagar-dem here present to bieas 4ia one levelwithclear over thetheround an enormous mirror ;while at the soaflienithe nninfonaed crowddeiiw.'Wtkuo timt off, ire presoiDe, tUa morning. It Falsi de Lievres Anglais Terrines de N^rac tux"fitc«#i>1, bowerer, lut nig^b^ avery ajdea-at the mauiof the house fromtake nnk with the moat magnificentRnsM. Oroosea.we said before, we shant select. There in the most lavish peases luxury b^g suppliedfringed the cuib-stones and att^Mal^Wiyw^of lo^tny. In the daya of out grand-forced to swallow thefnises'WherewUh ladies always come fiidan. Tomingle in the inner festivities yon are obliged, toattire youTsetf in a stilf suit of bisck, indulge in camenot. Patient aools; even attheland, ofa writing they are proliably looki^ poeaiUy,'who naed to have their hair dreased two 4aya i»aatMie« of one of theae festivitiea, and sitMk ^ngiU b powder for foit7.«igfat houra, it waa «• the height oi ftaliion and the supreme^Faisans. Mac^dolneadeFmitf.Glacea a laVaoille et Citron. azure colors and cloudy laces, and glcamingjewels, semi-circular double lines of light illuminating theingtodiscoversPrince, and,teciri& the paaaagea and stairways. Of oui to be regretted, that the Prince and his partythings mueh better in those Oriental where servants dutifully dance for the delwere detaQed for theto recognize the truth tliatinanch may be effected by a word afid aadathandablow.it may hereafter be said that the finestiUag wluch "four hundred select committee The Prince (who has a double in New-da^''wumr ef Sew-Tork could do to entertain the j^ilabe«f''WaleB, waa to invite to the Academy ofarrived in thefive hundred more than the peopleand side of a ball-room, andy«cca8ionany peeping piIboia ww^lyhmit woMd hold, amuse them by opening a pit- Mkki the^^fcor, and eruah their toilettea into onenecksvaried tintuge ; every festoon of drapery had itsIHI^Mfa^aiahable maaa of splendor.IKri Bail at the Academy waa everything but a highest breeding position.of thequiet delicacy of a dowager." A delicate shade ofAe anangementa of the external and int^-f^Koa, tkou^ oceaaionaUy irritating to impet-a—a i^eaatiea, impatient of supper, were- meet ez-of his smile, the gentle andtranquil dignityflounced witha sort of frosted amethyst, aud icicled over withthem with a would not pious pity, andSbe wealthwho hastheformed, the cool green fcdiage -ofcontrastingpleasantlywiththepillarsofvAite ladiesare(4>Ugedtodefilepastyousstheyafi|^and gold which support the first row ofboxes, and1 'ol flowera lavidied •RiidBn;.galleries, boz-&onta and doorwaya was Un|iii ! ibr variety of Ine, and Arabian for odoraNewcastle,playedgrowing ylantaMlldaiy.'iqion«fbaatitafc. All that music could do to enchant dom and good taste. Within the last sevenyears slightly gray faril banda procurable i> America abundantly did. wing as she paseed. The heavy beard he has Tke Prinee of Walea, who apparently has Queen worn since the Crimea has given a strong, boldUaasaiv'a paaaiou for dancing, mada lua aUrecprecisely as the Prince did the cohorts of tlie<3ity and Narional 6uards.an ammatli atmoqdiere with- melody, the most su- time has touched the Duke with herout here and therein the leaves and flowers. Turning round at this—point that at which the gnests gained their first—viewofthemainscene thefiilleflisctofthesIMgeanangesMiiit canM tmS. fail ti» iiHail mtmSntSoB.All the proscenium had been regilded ani re-'MctuaBy at 10 o'clock, armed aiit equipped as"•all Tor ;yiifbm Committee had kindly directed, inand was the most promising of Pekl's lieutenants. Still he seems ing dresa," with all the noblemen and gentlemen with his gallant presence and noble look every of his suite. The stately Mrs. KOBSAN, in uich what he is, the purest and tiighest type of an a cloud of crape alive with diamonds, was at E>iglish gentleman. Lord St. German's made a''full even-1.QuadrilleStrauss.dispute. comfortinggr.'iph, but it was the source oi'much comfort to awith male and female, aged,his smooth and balancing singularly wt'll the heir of lAgland. And yet at midnight the ball rather decisive style of the Secretary for the Colo-regilt beingImi poet, prepared to open the ball aa became the qnacn regnant of the Empire Btate, with the young;Prince Cuard I'na Scorru-ssii—thelowestofthethreetiersand flowers and sculpture sprang upward fromfloor to dome, a brief crimsonti«m. All that we had heard of the elabo- ican is,tata and coatiy prepaiati(»>s made by the that at one moment Gen. ScoTT, immediately after Gtonmittee,sincetheybegantheirworkinAugust thefirstdance,gaveusallamoststrikingvision ffft^ seemed fully home out by the first aspect of of the American race as it ought to be. Pressedyouthfulrepresentingthe Academy when we entered it. Just before thearrival of the Prince, the parqnette, floored overfium lobby to stage, draped, beset with exotics thetfcbest and most fragrant, was rather a parterre^^i^^ a parquette—a parterre of living flowers,by the crcwd he drew back toward the end of thestage, and with bis queenly daughters, one on either arm, suddenly towered up on the dais ii^theriver of cobble-stone ran between the invited and of the Central Park. A few were of OmThe boxes andthe instant forgotten.TBI BEQINNINO OF TBI BALL.brightappropriate settingtothisof theirrelieved by a single gleam of Solferino or the mosttliiirtng|jiy^l.galler-wixhout the bonnets,monotonyragsun-Histories.TrulFes.togethergrandfair in thatthe the stage,stiflmg ;your poor lungs,capital contrast with the Duke courtier-like airpalttf that they had been bmA."as some one blundered on the Beception«De^ blonder cheated the Prince of half his the Committee were much less truly representa- 16.ted not begun. ciaelyin front to concealit waa a conspiracy of Udiea blackened during the past fortnight by workliiKbi cool objects aa lace, marble, pictures, mfarots and central Biippoiting.4ine. Ihe wslleare of tbaaaaaa Naoe Aeamed that thefor thewho nndennlned the pillars. y velvetN A lady friend wliispers, to us that yonder" ~ i ,, %p»haia^^4gMtb^aaL<i,suggestion,)flowers.However, the fete—call it by whit name we may magnificent ruin wied in Genoa green is but one of of the Boyal toilette might be madeIii| ,and in one and find whatever fault with it we honestly must- foDy-tiz estimable dowagers for whom her own of these, if so dispoeed, his Royal Highness might 'for a masMDt, a£p9»ied'(ia.ith* jiauBon.ao beurre de Xoatpellier.Trnites.fUets de B<£at a laBelle-iGalantinei de Dindes a latobeontheout.cure tickets, and are a philosopher, yoii. aaa cow-bea^ fB^cassises.Gefe^sau Madere. Crimes Frao^aises. I'etitg Fours.B^casses.Icrisp,rustling beauty,wassomethingmarvel-aole with the yoarseifreflection that it Iv •peatILooitingIJamboDS de Vestpbalie a la Gendarme. Lanffuei de Boeaf a rGearl&te.in the task of selection, and so as word, all that art eeeld effect at the suggestion of corked for them on the world's natal 4*?' '"* to aay, ttie outer gnests were |^|tCbarlotte Raaaes. F6cbei, Foires, Kaisins de Serre. etc.that it seems idle to attach mortal names to such a phantasma'goria of brilliant effects. We havealready spoken of Hrs. HoBOAN and her diamonds, and of Hrs. Belmont and her diamonds. Wemight go on in the same way, with perfect truth, to speak of half the ladies of New-York and their diamonds. Diamonds icent aside, for they were rather the rule than the exception of the evening. Mrs. RoBEBT B. KiNTrKN contrived to throw themwhole", tier above tier, until finally the eye reached a pictorial diak of ceiling, fiton which a pleasantvariety of heathen gods aad goddesses appeared in the very aet of. fluttering down from their '* am- ber clouds " to take part in the revelry beneath.Flowers emerywhere and in aU ^apositions, were a predominating and dellghtfal feature of thethe of new expense^ ili'i^wHiit *tPllCXS HOSTEXB.La Reine Tiftorlaet le Prince Albert.Le Great Eastern. Le Vase de Flora. Silver Fountain, etc.. etc.DELKONICO. The opening fiasco of the evening was the moreniiiijevidentlyTork, in the person of a young gentleman whose name we forbear to mention, lest he shouldbe married by mistake) looked slightly pale and a little wan. His slight figure and low stature donot impress the beholder as exactly princely, but it does not need the blue ribbon of the Garter to makehim out at a closer observation, as aandThetrophieswhich sits so lightly upon the natural freshness and the untamed spii its of his youth are the princelieatthings about him, and are not to be mistakenfromThe Duke ofmentor to our young Telemachus, stood as usual near the Prince, whose career througb this coun- try and Canada he has directed with so much wis-miliar tints.of the drama, in the person of Mrs. HecT, ofArm ^s^atture far the BaQ. Early in tteicharacter to his face, too, and shorn it of thatnies, while his broad red ribbon of the BathSome one had blundered," pre-BayofThnra^y,andlastnight,asthen,thissame calla nicebit ofcolor." TheKew-Yorkersof 15..Waltz.threw ill upon the whole group, what the painters "drop-curtaindid toconfusion.leaame and dashed the festival for all tive men in their appearance than the cortege of 17. .Galopirving-place, and Capt. Tdbnbull, who did the throng.irith a tinge of mingled mirlh and vexa- the Prince;but as we know what the ideal Amer-18. PnlkaLancers 20.. Waltz 21 ..GalopStrauss.Ganal. VerdLtre an aUegorical piece, crowned with the Three PImnes of the Prince, and athonors in Fourteenth-street, set aside the whole lastopposite pavement for their accommodation, andkept the intervening streets clear, that their viewBoyale.andlous. It was as if all the looms of the world hadWhen aorrspoitar ieftthsienne.deallietter.. The atmosphere inside to lia tiritiesseeaasd at their heisnt; 1 aia(|tinstead.ttf driok- raog tfarougfa theing in the unadulterated air which Ifitttirj^ lin- suia distinctly audflile to aH the atraetTyi^iispi- it wore when as Lord LiKcaui be stoodt-ibleof the Western World. OBDEB or OANCING.lasteveningritualityfor D'IsBArLi's "'that the attendance outside was much OD sUes of the >BthConingsby,"Haute Voicea. Waltz- Prince of Wale.-^ Murio. decorated, privatethf greatest, no one for a moment will—we could bear this and the more easily19..evening with Mr. Gbikbell, andA momentary impulse of admiration ran through the crowd aa the splendidstreet quests were not quite as well dressed as the others. None of the ladiei bore* bouquets, and many of them, in the hurry of dressmg, had for- gitlen to slip on cloaks, and some came even'that it was very doubtfiil whether he wootd isight of the whole ball.who were underto admit no stone having apeck or flaw on itsflnttering, gleaming with bright eyes trio rose into view, and the Prince himself was forupper tiers of boxes, and all the private boxes,were thrown open to guests who did not wish todance, or who were weary of dancing, or whohadpassedtheirdancingdays.Thesemig^tbere-garded as retreats sacred to that amiable but notprivatehotel, aad taiinHinc. .^id brighter jewels.iaa elbwed, tier above tier, into a grand tiara ofthe dhntice trf his suite of rooms OB the It^tameanimatedbeauty,crestedandglowing Alittleafter12,thecarpenters,though"but rangementsappointedbytheBallCommittee;"And still they gazed, sad aUt Oie a . remotetintofMagenta.Thegentlemengenerally Whatpotenteansedcilsyedmylot1had shocking bad hats, and some hid no hats at At length four or five cartiafea wen iiai|;''9iHl|dltwM» linea of the moat brilliant light. Kever haa half their weary task was done," were fbrccd toHoose presented a spectacle so sumptu- surrender their platform to the dance. tteOpoa openingaaa at once and ae exquisite aa at the moment of This was formed as quickly as the crowd and con-and of the manner in which this trust waa fulfilled, the followmg account of the ball-toom, as it ap-""the PrmCiB'a enlnace upon the stage, to the per- fusion would permit, and was a dance, certainly of peared last night, will give the public opportunityHirir eafetaesa to see liim, a» if he had bsen acknowledged, since his recent lecture on theXeaailer in tka play, buleed, but for the na- sonal beauty of Abbabam Liscoln, to be thettealairaf Sa^aod, £bw out of the u^wr boxes Crichton of New-Tork.(Id hare, suspected bla presence within the How this saltation came to an end was not per- aiticent ball-room at wliich the Royal dais wasAaes nrthar fedidUy railed <^ for his fectly intelligible, but, the Prince and his suite erected.mlsj 'H' A i^ind of frantic promenade, suddenly vanishing, a waltz began, ander the be- Ekitering through the door on Fourteenth-street, 1M^ arayS) then began to defile, or rather wilderbg supervision of Hr. iWALTia Ccmao, under a canopy formed of Union Jacks and Star-amusing socialclass knownas wallflowers alt Buttheirbehaviotwasunezoeptionable, and oatofFifih.avenuedownTnnrtT'tliridjjilit T,!! fjiand non-dancing people. Here they might sit at this, after all, is the main point. to the great joy and iriiefoi ttacwisi, tlmf_Mm^^.^, ease, aud look down in a literal, na leas than a. At about tialf-past 7 the carriages began to roll up in a row to the cmintaBe of^ioaita <aoaaive strains of "God Save the Queen." But some kind, in which the Prince of Wales appearedberebeganthemiscarriagesofthenight. The todancewithHrs.Hohoak,andLordLtonswith•• daia " on which the Prince waa to have presented Kiss Woon. JoB.v Van Busen and Miss Bbrki-Umaelf was no dais at all, and He was conse- MAB were in some way involved in the proceed- regular opera-entrance on Irving-place, but gar- ^[cotly inst,a8 visible to the whole mass of ing, and the charming Hrs. GaBDiteR Howlakd, landed with flags and guarded on all sides by ^» on the floor, who surged and swayed Jr., seemed to be delighting the eyes of the accom-metaphorical sense,whichwereto the doors, frraghted with living loads of beauty.entrance. All and surmises, conjectures'tihighest spirits.''personpeopleta and fiq in a kind of well-bred impatience in plished and handsome Kr. Gibard, who is now Prince of Wales a special private entrance was Having sufficiently surveyedHmJuii the hero of the evening, Kr. Hakvbkll B. Field and m/William Och- spangled banners, the Prince and his suite were mmpttfttHUB' lor tte dpetthg Btrausa quadrille OAN. From the general appearance of ttunis at received in a long Hall of Entrance by the Becep-stone pillars, is a-wave with flags, pennons, banners, those which were momentarily in dock. From proved, for In a few Biinntaa ^bsr there waa aa aa- streamers, and other patriotic einblems worked the magically unfoldug doors of tlie vehicles la- wonted bustle, and an extra flourish smnan tlie in dry-goods of silk or canvas. The steps ars car- dies leajicd, sprang in quick succession like fa- Police who guarded the entrance, and direatlf . peted with crimson doth, all the entrance-halls ries !n a pantomimic ^ene, glittering with dia- thereafter the door swung upon itsthis with ^•ran Jbrte'TalM. X laon peiplexhig prome- this juncture, when we left the scene of action, tion Committee— hall being drapedtrian of Que^n Viciobia by WtBTEBHAL- Jason was less than the fleet in full view of a street fiifi at portrait richly freightedtxb, and Count D'Obsat is opposite the main en- of carriages which last night disembarked their was accompanied on alAv . risilks, an enthusi- we inferred that the ball haul contrived at last to showing the red, white and blue in beautifiil com- Mde iml iwl diuiswl anlttnda, biit before it had make head against its difiiculties,' and that in time bination round the walls, a carpet of deep damask teddenlyin- the carpenters would be driven from the field. In cloth covering the floor, English and Americaii flags A Aoraentary fact, we believe they were absolutely retiring at looped into the semblance of waving cornicesBA|iiaai|i#rii^upa>0rftiniHd byand up those crimson-covered stairways totreasures at the Academy of Music. The calcium lights lent abrilliancy to the scene outshining thatcrowdand the Duke of Lyons •'«telldevc!<9eai!»tftaaeliia|f>it«rMand the lean-eyed, hungry-mouthedfrom his boyish sppeaianee cognized by the cKnrd, aAM.per-made along the sidewalk of Fourteenth-street, thus giving him prompt access to that end of the mag-we nowinto the it waa private entrance,&irladies,partlyperhapsfromalarmandpaitly the sentingof beenaianuhe- evenMMraIkanbaryaalituahawnidaawd ,bartaappeamscefrom its advantages as a capital setting to sseh tnred oat ef Florentine gtii: Between these sndthe of aBhtteffigeDt aad eandlilafaidsr resyaetSCEinCS OUTSIDK TBE ACAiaOltT. Neat to being on the inaida of a btt^raom. !t^aalOa*.' BCOTT, attired hi fnlft aailovely pictures.Diamondstoijettes, of which even the crowd, the cnuUng tier of the bom was fiimiahed with an additionalfotatthia step as firm aa hialaciBeBtsto battle, hiatheand the crash, could not suppress the fieah, and< wbeit, } alf»Jmade a wagerhot snd3. .Lancers4 GalopNational Salute Frieschutx. Kdaie Victoria ...the sixNnll. ing new curtains of amber satin, covered with lace,Some incliiie to dissent from the mayful,juvenileandmiddle-aged, yaikh- ei%n in&ntile iiimi imiwe5 6.7Quadrille Polka Waltz LancersWeber. Muzio. L.-inner. Noll. Muzio.Princemmakinghisappearancegsverise1»«»-^-<*'',i.11..Boy^ Highness was not in the hotel at all, or if then,by some otber deosy8.Hoyal14Quadrilleof thelowcarriages.....tasselswereappended. Allthefrontsofthevar-ious tier.', vt boxes had likewise beenwho last night contented themselves with the street festivi-..stage, (hanging just.LancersLes GuidesFestSansSouci(higinalDream of the Ocean Bmanigraetl^ ofaside, however,exhibition^of deliersweresuspendedongoldenpipes;and eachto hold aNew-York. One only embarrassment is scene was magnificent m the true sense of theprofti- bef^ us, as the names of the queens of the even- sion. It waa,. a vista of gilding, yellow satin, ing float up in our memory, such a caleidoscope of wreathed piDars, crimson velvet and flowers, withchemicaUy-cooaocted' pei>iment with undiminished ndmliati^ i'"particular bouquetantique, decidedly declined the eoadition from it, or wreathed arpund rich"it,plucked all gardens and hot-houses within tlieradius ef aUces, till they seemed glittering diamonds, varied the expanse of more fa-emporiumjniiiMitsas <itaajl street was i.lsiisalj faekadMrs. Hamiltsn Fibb, and tiv museAcademy tf-lHSHWallack's Theatre, wereoi this pleasing hue. But time fails us to dilate upon these matters. We resign them to g^lier clWoniclers, and the ball with them, smce it did at fast become a ball, to the consolation of thedeso- late Committee, the pleasore of three thoasand New-Yorkers, and the lasting glory of the hosp^THE DECORATIONS OF THE ACADEMY.The Crown-jewel of Great Britain was to be displayed last night, set round with three or four thousand minor brilliants carefully selected by twomight not in any way be intercepted. A broad others that hedihniandgMayor Woon, end ihundred sociallapidaries,pledgethe Ball at alLAll, however, continued to'surface. Togiverich cluster was the duty of the Committee of Ar-eye uponlighttilmt dtaaato judge.Two entrances to theonthe frivolideataking place beneath them. Mystic, indeed, are The caniages of the Reception Committee and of a were immediately brought to an end, andthe ways of Providence, inventing for every age few of the most didtinguished guests cims to the dividuals who had indulged in the aibresaid sbsnrd and aspect of humanity some pleasant self-de- Fourti ucth-street door ; but the greater portion speculations were at once reminded of tlieir sta- lusion of virtue which makes up for the absence of di."ibnrspd their contents at the Irvingptace en- pidity, and of the superior wisdom of Oitb*of any mon? keen enjoyment !of Music were open last night, the entrance for guests being theplatoonsthe "main building, its flashing lights, swinging draperies and flower-It was not long before Mr. CoUectar onwheelanditwasonlybycautioningshoutsand madehisappearance,andwhenhetMt^conspicuous petroneasesiolen Lanner. Rletzc!.and the Borne one started the rumor that be iAcademyof For the locust-waving policemen.Iraijco. By SJ the tide of carrisges was flowuig in panions.Here any additions or le-embellishmentsdi ywpitieiiiiteman,faiaa^|Jebi^ygt '^-''•^||^was an event, and is not to be 'forgotten. In the particular Einiteia-Dety has been shaping regal at ease enjoy the mingled, luxuries of a cigar anddetails of decoration and equipment, there was robes, and that not one of the imposing cobo^is rocking chair.scarcely anything with wtiich the most fastidious absent from her post to-night. Uultiplying foi^- Pasamg out from these through a brief passage,taste could quarrel. The supper-room, in particu- six by the number of milliners in New-TcHJk, we emerge at the stage-end. of the ball-room, on tal, china, fruits, flowers and arefaitectnral vron- Ilar, waa a wondorfiil success. The Crest of the whose names a lady of fashioii^need not bfaiAito which the reception-dais has been elevated. The ders of confectionery, nie wall beiiind this isPrince of Wales blazed out hi plumes Of diamond- know, and yon will probably come as near the la- whole floor of tbaatie aad stage has been made festooned with British aed American flaga, d>a|isd tos Prince's aaita utiaanierefll In-one side withand really attended to by a regiment of most fitith- an Irish fortane on dividing its siriiiii'ii maliasliib; velvet seats -of the dress-circle, which had been snangement of patriotic and symbaUeal drapery, recognited by those who fulandactivewaiters,marahalednixlertlie osders six. }«owydalilias arecertainly aaoatlespeetaUa wiselyandcharitably reserved as resting placea eDahriningashield,wfaichhasemblaionedonittba gltiatbiga into hiaof LoBBKZo Dbuionico, and perpetually si^ply- flowers, but roa&bads ranat lie «ii»ii«^ to be anas of Kngiand, snrmonnted by three far ail the wearied or nen-dancing gtiests.pinkand white drapery, lined alongroyalparqnette;potteamen's;and so«ta»b«motherwith their ample'af.and and of Uie hall, being Hia Royal ngkneaa, wImm* onlycomelybufle^table8, singularly neat and brilliant in service, fection, us yon would to the abeolute aaioont of breaking into discootinnance agaigst the crimson taUe we have been descritHng, is another festoott the groaad and enteiBd the Ml aaaiMMte^ A^IiF aii IceeftiM laMP. but more or less djrpettzed guests witii alt the del- oogbt to be, only a human bouquet. by ae^iicgiwnes and other eperatie maduDery, a streams finfli over the entire le^gflt of thia liall. sia«.ad out ^ any r TliiHj if agl) m 1 icacieswhichthehouseofDiLHOncosojustly Tetvelvetanddowagershavethismerit,that s|lnidWmarqueeotwhitesBkhasbeenerected, Downtbasidesoftikiskingrood^^taUesofabout oMoaCT aa OMafaiabei bamflitT«.Ajui«» prides itsdfi^pon "cieatiiig'' with tlie trueartis- they imply diamonds, and the implication on thia the centre of wliich contains Arabesque drawinga one huadrad and twen^-ftet in inigtli, and tar- rali^ it created bafati, 'Batfc pewer. We may frankly say that we have never occasion was verified in fad One might almost of geometrical figures in red and blue. The end nished in tliie usual handsome style of New-Toik Ubdtj, and be raiishiitTiseen a public snj^r served in a more inapproach- have Jimcied himself in 8L Petersburg, for althoogb of the baU-room behind the purple-velvet diiis, or upper-tables, are arranged on slightly raised plat- such,' aannot be pleasant,able faaUon witti greater discretion, or upon a a single Woronzoff, parure arould have driven raised platform of three steps, is occupied by a forms, so tliat from the Priiiea's table every fveat nlar ojUidan may incUaCf^to Ok* more tastefully luxurious scale. The Supper (Com- any particular dowager or dame before yon quite scene richly and sdmiTably painted, repreaentuig a in the roam can be aeen, and vice vetti. youthful GcsLPB is faleasad jH^ «^imiKNTS OF THi HHIICE. mittee and DiLHonico may divide between them- mad with envy, yet the distribution of diamonds long vlata of cool green trees, stretching away un- The lower space between these platforms is pmcticalselves the lionor of the occasion, and it Is imposai- was so wide that glanced at from a distance, they til blockaded by a apoating fountain. Whether carpeted with damask of a brownish hne and tween tlie stare of cnrioai^lble to say what would have become of the whole made a most eflectrve element in the couf iFail of the artist intended it or not, we cannot say ; but kept clear for the incunions and retreats <rf the piaise. He knows that st presaaa,a**liIfM>liiTT^IiiT^iiItTWooum'aLibrary,AHor"ball"duringtheinterregnumofhammersandtheball.One'splendidnvtercwhichrecentlyas- behasmadeinthissceneaprettyfaithfulpicturearrayofwaitersinattendance. Withtheselineage,hepossessesno^dmtotCooper laitltDt*, tb« Ftm nails, but for the agreeable occupation which they tounded the. city iu the cases of Tivfant was most of the grand avenue which stretches tmm the main tables, having ranged on each aide of tliem all agelAMTtAMitBy, and ttw Deaf andAND EXERCISES.W«a4U^>BaU•Vhe "Graod Sail in konor of the Prince ofHb8.tering crowd, from her place on the rightstage, a quarter by the way, much affected darhig;viata of mirrors and banners betng closed by' the he haa aa done yeti^le that occupation was, let the following bill of nre testify :HALLn Boms or HISBOTALmOHNESTHEFRnfCEOFWA1>B8. Naw-Toax.Oet. la, lata.Gfmsoramd de Volaille. HoitresalaPonlette.vae.Fitte de filbiers ^la Ho-ICochoiisde Lait a laPari-dUt «ci>wdcd, gorgeooB tnd glittering {a«^ which^ UayoDnaises de Tolailles. Salades de Hcmards a laBelmont, and shone afar even over the (lii. t^iheBtatnes of Tirglaia Water.This portion of the ball-naei was bnlliantlj iVcircoler elMiideUaaa, aav«wt»4w-Tai)ilM« aadl-f tathat whatever he may acUave 1 fomisbed to the three thousand odd. How agrec- charmingly displayed upon the graceful beauty ti entrance of Windsor Casde te the fountains and Ike best beauty aad iasiiian of the Skupire City, the tin hmg line of kings that ba*aIwgethe troublous beginning of the fete by nora^os beartng.Bwre than tweatjr ilahea of light, and pre-U;^bstf-paat tanitand tl half an hear later tiM> iliimlnsfeJ Mso byBblHaiaf earri aiag eewtinaart fiaaiMMqgthe general body of the honse, two saoaller chan-row of lamps, placed just beneath the regular ope- ra-evening lights.'body portion usually occupied bydecorations. Mot s cornice orjutting ledgeofgiltfresco-work but was made tointo the shade with a waving head-dress of eatrieh more than its fair share of floral Im- yen «ajey the poetry of motion withimt tiie biNtrfeathers, altogether courtly and precious, withoatreference to its implied compliment to the Princeandhisplume. Mrs.Aspinwallwasalsonotablein a glory of blue moire antique, powdered withjewels, and Mm. Gbinkell, in black Bioire the many through the builduig but had depending you enjoy advantages Jkka which the poorwujulii arealo: gtaperingmighty pyramidsof;Directlydress entile, a semi-cirenlaT conservatory had beenYou are notgleamedtiyvughdaikopenings;suppcat sometluitgperfiunenot a chandelier or lamp of allthesny danger nat no accidentspartic^ants in the pajfffuitry are debarred. 8o eSetent aaertiaas,.ftr frem envying them, yoa come to regard Oan any word that can be written.goodIfyoahaveflBedtopio-'Pf.;"'«^!,v SPk«%4'r, mfS'w^hm''K'^-"A^^^^material, at least so much of tfaeaa aa ia not feCUen from si^t by the many miiTorB open each tide.MsMi At the northern end c( thia haU, which eomma- pear witl& the rinded dgoi,.CMnicstes directly with tiie Priaee's pariOT, a short I table runs across, magnificendy set forth witli gold ! and silver epergnes, gold and silvor salvers, crys-aftBUy.betbe heb cfBaifiaA. ^ KMkadforpntide rabea,«)d'Aiib faatiaion of that dig^ whkk. isnothinc'thati magnificence of tlw royal tables—w^sIiaMan npeBhiaatepswilhadnlatiooi ^gloves,bouquet. Then, too, yon are obliged to euotifcute anxious for tMr hnprto the amusement of others ; it is 1||( imlMlf its finltkin.to which a great many rationd beipgsentertain, a decided distaste. ThST: #».! aame accident a remarkaUy geatfa^Mlbr''of their masters.Lookingat aquadrilleor aCaptains C^ mense vases of Sevres china fr«m their ofmoving. In like manner, standing on the oat^^ MBLi. ware omnipresentbeauty. upliftedthrough a window, or' firing a snap-shot of a atraitening out,glanee through a door, as it opens and times,tbere seemed]flaeeswiththanfortheworld. ThereisagimtHardly less numerons Hamdeal more elbow-room in the streettroubled about the srrangemrait of your cravat,nor the perpendicularity of your sldrt collar, ^a mei alxnit the Piith-avenne Botitloifrom their carriages, and thus you are enabled taglobes, filled with gold and silver fish, which pass tlie feminine battaKons in a fall-dress parage, waa coveted -wiOi men,being further brilliantly diversified by large crystalTwenty-thitd-street, o|ipoak».|T.iken all in sH, it is indeed much betterwWchitwas expected UsLaiddririoutsidemanyball-rocsn than in, anda greatof apeo^ tbot^tatthusat tlie Priaee'aMa exit'•athe were tbroBfaway, fiaAi momentaray^la^nii^aHV'^iboxes on each side hav-MichacUs. and loop*^ with cords of bullion, to which bullion proposition advanced in this introductory para- of the curious-loving 'public. The delay of theof dayttrifl ns throQidt Iha erawd, aad a panic that moment, under the command of tjie majestic round the ceilings, aud just opposite the entrance ral grace. To be a little more plain-spoken, the on the opposite pavement looked over aud won- unanimous, hearty and nfmitasiiaptaJtifa stapendaaa erasli.aaight perhapa have ensued with the most Capt. LloMABD, of the police.;TBI toilettes of TBE BALL.A peculiar subject to be ventured upon by any ^cuoDs aoumg whom was Bx-6ov. Fuh, memberofthesexofAcTjEOn,andonlytobesue.and theybrighter than her sisters gave her little hand to her^palllhg consequences,had- not a few of the Prince,, con-nue to Fontaenlh-atnel, aai^aappeared in thegantlenHatln theniahcd forward to reassure the house. In fiwt no-dis- tance^ amid the aa^leraiia shouts of the assembledTax n3tB been at the l)otiom ofthe onand wethe technical blunders into walls and the bright hues of two vast flower pyra-vidnityfrom her to carriagethis Ouy Paui. it was, people eimply stared and btammHred outfor all which comings,singularwoBid have looked like a \ Asparodymaywe make no apology for them. So uni- The effect -of this small wine-colored chamberwith Arabesqtie tracings, rich dressing-tables, pectancy, was the srrival of the Prince and a last, long, Ungcring Iringed with lace, and any conceivable quantity of suite. Prince RoTBacHILO came at an early Prince's apartments,gan to play -allqoadriliea in mad succession, the people be{;aii toway. Observe too the fislieity of the reporter who bas to deal wito a ball exclusively made up of the B.iH 01 thi! earth, and with the most ariatocratie of— ushered into hisbut the qiiiiut contrast of andwe"walkbackward hisvehicletotheolheisscarceexerted'achimeofA cool,bluest and sunshinePrince of Wales and his party JUSluiAa)^falling.ifter stood in waiting,manner of waltzes, polkas and—carpets, walls and ceiling of which were of theonce. But these are mysteries on which the peu the Irving-place door with hii party, democrati-ofjournalism:bracing Autumn day. vrith skte- '-^ -"--'-ball,attempted by one who unites the ludacity with crimson satin at its far end, the PrinceThese boudoirs, as we have been informed by a0<d- of the BaUin of a large of the Boman ClOnius with the experience of a turned to his left into a smaller hall completelyprivate spy whose good nature has betrayed her like a thousand dew-beads, they clap^ their leetCT SCBKLL, and several membersthing had happened but theportion of tie floor in tlie •' reserved<ii>setIyiaftoiito{ the Prince. Had Boolb and must ask freedooi in advance of our fair readers, relieved by the flash of polished armor on itsm 4e ctbaquarter,"tlieir surmise. Before tUey could recover from versal has good taste become among American with i's flashing and many -branched gold chande- ISe shock they were saluted with a second. This ladies, at least in the mattera of the more briUiant lier wa.> rich beyond description.made. the matter serious. The Prince and his toilettes of society, that one can haiflly go wrong Passing onward through this- by a narrow and party retreated to the supper-rooms, tlie bands lic- in takirg his examplea as fete throws them in his winding passage constructed behind the ballroomfurnished on a similar pattern with the retiring- happy, though they were misnrahle.carriages whichlast coach had disapiJeared fromthethe woWB,leaksame dark crimson cloth1am as best they might out from theqnette into the corridors, and to find their way in-to the supper-room. Carpenters came on the a ball i\iu\ itsscene, and a sort of modified anvil^;horn«, not in host^cfthe original opera, was set up in the heart of the must havelaiL In this way two hours were consumed, the Harchiouesses musttoe edge of the festivity pretty eflectually taken a: what expense to ih.- lilies of the valley.' served to relieve the deep crimson drapery. All «4 aad the Prince robbed of at least six dances. Here where we are allhaanolicensetointrude. Themost cally,inanomnibuseffect can be aaid to haveikmB this eontretempn. It killed the much-debated "Sratdadcti'" over which our ladies have been, orback about oneOitj one^goodetsct, no such cruel law isw!io writes simply that others eyes whatever passed before himwhile a licUy-polished rosewood buffet, under one of themiiroTS,andhundred and forty fact, by thirty-sejren, on the va-cant lot between the Academy of Music and theJMiodydasoedthe &et dance with theperilous par-lengthparlor,gor-apologeticfollowedimposed upon the scribevet,atudded with golden-headed nails;Fourteenthstrect,runningThe anato- the fact that the of the bad cuiiminated, the waitiogdemof-r.iiicc'lmpanies. InBtirope,thehistorydaringthey i.-^sucd fromthe i private entimno«Fifth-avenuetoilettes Ls•inevitables." The social hierarchythird-streetperforce,sustaining another pyramid of exotic petals, andiMst-at^ ^ prqiared to '«^ ii|heaBTiaaeaif^ due honor, and Dowager be described, no mattercomer mirror.As for the supper-room, the only portion not yettected ths royal presence. APrince's face as he passed, snd said, in a distinctlyin the streets edjainsat, bid totfo hoazs'burdened withof thesovereigns and aoBereign-(he solas, lounges and chairs were of purple vel-forth. The hotel wis ^uitensd w^ and about thedeota Aay were posted la force to jwep flie.fe9^~st a rrspeotlbtICottchied on eightk Page.}mayworthy report.seewith hisofsuch refreshments as might b« the course of an evening's dance.a rooma previous decorations, the marble table In its centrebowiswith averted gaze," neveratof geously furnished in a style to correspond withmade,a full-length portrait of Qneen Victoria gracing one of the walls.- Other pictures and rich minorsbefore 10 o'clockr-- Misupportedthe Prince of Wales was;even to ctft' a laughter. They looked for a Prince of the blood. second glance at that delightful blonde in blue and And at a little past 10 o'clock the Prince came. white v.ho is arranging a stray ringlet at the His carriage drove to the Fourteenth-street door, and Alsebt Edwabp, with Ms suite, entered theAcademy. But few knew of his arrival, fewof thebrightest,,'-my in a prince; Ignorant of Prince; had any fault, it was an overflow of ri^* loveli. Attached to this parlor were two small dresshig proof structure, long tent ceiling red, glory eveningThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069bave iMen^siade to appear, so elegantly unhappy. It must be owne<l at once that if ourgrand ballegweaUe'dnrinffMedical University. Inside, this wooden water- a of whiteUntitled Documentbrightenedto whichformally invited, and came on foot instead of inThistheyThe arrangements made for their accommodation9. .Galop10. .Waltz Minot Klaenge Strauss. in reserve on each si'le for the orchestiii. Gilding The street guests arrived much earlier than theLancers 12 Polka 13. GalopVis a Vis RJetzel. Sylphide Biise. Llederkranz Noll.A la mode Strausr. NachandV—'ties,theywere inclined to thinkthe victims of a grand sell, and that Hisits sides the and amis of flagsdoubtedly go said he wasdirectfrom there to the ball.the United Btates ar d the State of New-York harmoniotisly blended around an indescribable painting, in which lions, beavrrs, eaglet, anchors and tobacco balesformed the most prominent features.Around the room and on each side of the stagein front of the diiis, were sofas, lounges and seats,covered with dark wine-colored velvet.The twotheeittrance to theround to thelar opera. entrance for guests on Irving-place, where the whole porch, with its massive brown-warcmg waves of the i;and that the policemen inattendance succeeded in preventing the poles of fact that the Prinoe was iniMak I arriving carriages from perleratiug the panels of probability soon make his a|>peannoa.uplifting caryatides,goregu-«and stainvays arc; similarly covered;the eques- monds snd floating in lace. The argosy of His Boyal Highness, AusM BeWAaa^jtrancethe right, New-York beauty has to trip on its way to the full sevealment of toilette-glories and natu-;England,and heldof impatienee on tba seehbn. SVTlegion ofcontemplative philosophersried manifestationsthose who were so anxiens topreventthe junction of the marquee already described with were ample.- Capt. Camebok, who officiated in the gazeenoughLambye. the remainder of the bui'ding,) displaying in its cen-dressing-rooms and parlors for ladies are upon the deied how so much wealth could be in thi^ world mediately atepped into Hm canhfea blazing crystal illustration of the Royal Arms.of England, thrown out into dazzling brightness by the aid of silver reflectors.Passingupthishall,whichwasrichlycurtainedeesAUyand BXAC NaSB. We have no such pretensions, and draped on all side? with dark purple cloth, only into the indiscretion of a description, have ail been hand:, and shooted their delight that some were Committee, firilowed directly and when thefloor overhead, in the regions usually by occupiedthe promenade and refreshment nloons of the opera.so when a beauty poor. Occasionally,attendanta,aDd araadxtraBqaiclcIy down FUJ^aa-rooms behind the stage devoted to the use of Ba- But the grand event of the evening, and Qiat forfall- As for omissions and short- mids I'laced in china vases at its opposite comers. ron Renfeew. They have carpeta of green cloth, which the stieet-guests wutad in hnpatient ex- men and women, bat particiOsriyu a construction of wood, specialheldhis father, who waa posted, peered into the been tip-toe Aa' yaaog gentleasAidescribed, itconnected with the Prince's private entrance onlittle boy,by gatheredon to see asaahad a invitation. standingta| beAa the hours wonthe (n.-rvited, so that no unpleasant mingling might that he was afraid of the lunatic whocccur. Trath compels the admission that the ed to assault him in tlie auxrii^full force. Jehu hurried Jehu, and wheel pressed up-attendant, and sprang lightlythe ground, her ear-drops sparkling in the night midUtDde. The Prince's suite, together vrfthuia^le-topped tables, bureaus, and such like, the hour, but liis coming created nd sensation. their homes. ___^^____is^b being made of mirrors, so arrange*! as to re-_ Distinguished citizens alighted, but no cheers THE PWWK'S MOFIMBirra YBfTBB^^i^ St. fleet all profiles ol" lithe and biythe crinoline at followed their steps. Gen. W/bb drove to"little fellow had looked for some differentaudil^e toneWhy, pa, he is only a man.'":'I{\posed ta hedge a ktag.Tl>e slaiaaa the bi easte iofof l^B better. It« {leasedaeatawiDg. Amoof ttr:1 1simiIn relation to the police arra^aaMila ^iMI^ t %'evening too mncn praise cannot weD bf ai^'j^|-j, ^ )['"awaated aroond the(he arrival of the Prince, was Aeddewalk inaatsHy gaaing at the privsae eatraiid»j|Mf^ifieki^miKmii'aibttiiiithat he would make his exit and thus avoid alike thewithnotyet retunwdfroialrisIstiar*, *0.. look at the windowsrf tb«andde- which were awaiting theiii; AB;' ttnaeasB erowd,and then quietlyretlrsd te ^;Fl'-.< i^S ^tatmrnmuMwww.fultonhistory.comaai^ib, Mdu^iMiiWaliai^^aAaMiWiifi^aifeiiabiW^ 