"should be expli>dt'd in the ranks'; they causedconfu-VOL. X—NO. 2818.NEW-YORK,TUESDAY,OCTOBER2. 1860PWCETWOCENTS,9Mn LAfB UTELUfiEiKx, TBa OLASaOW OFF CAFB RACK.CREItVlCIINnESfiyTIE SAROmMIIS.Tke ftptl Tno^ oiMT to. LuMriikK MiM 1^ |(T«R Lou.Mdlenee in tUi city this evening, at the Bell andlast-nameddivided between D. D. Wisahi and E. C.soldiers meet any hostile Indians en rotitr they are to try and olsserse them.of both Mm, were present. Tlie stage was beanttfallyMcCosuxll, the latter receiving fi^-e, and the former eight votes, inmrttta Head-<mart«r«. Over 4,000 per«on», decorated with wreatlis of iowert twined sroand th*Goverimenl, su^ipose Cuba secedes—what be-of WAsaraaMa, Cut, PuUtABTS'axd others.Galway,who claims to have the of the an- supportPennsytranlaweek, and ttils ia intended to be ttie greatest demon- companiesfortnUtsBXr. Banswu greeted wla tremendous t^tplaos*.ordetod to proceed Tsrywhich should be settled before we take issue with the Heith. Squatter Sovereignty has nothing to do with Mr.street south side, precisely.rightare contmitted to theraised his voice •calast it He would disarm the disunlonlsts byweek past, the thermometerThe Eighth District, Unbracing the Twelfth, Companies except PI^Tadelphia, and Twelfth Ward, tieing the highest point reached for some years.ahowlafSquatter>issues,forall theserights. remedy isfail to revolution; but,risingto 03° in tbe stiade,!views—Mr. Bona alonehavingshouldCass, Senator Burux, ez-Attomey-6en. CusaiHa, andstill not dissolve the Union. There was a constitu-.rM. W. Trot, Ttirnniin IihiimJih.The wholeThe citadel of and Spoletto c^itulated,Sqoatler Sovereignty, and the right of Territories tbgized Slav ery,morally andcivilly,but doubted its-information. " Wide-ted for thirteen years.Senator LATHAir«tarts to-morrow withunconfirmed rumor that the Pope tedOct 1.gowithhlilkDoBcan,join the artillery battaUon tltaie ;Sov- ; for every'Mr. Bona, there is no danger of disunion.RepoLUcanswoyld carry the Statefrom 40,000 toNew-Tork Station prssimtsd •( ttieBudTesyaaMsd^rcause there is no necessity;»(),UC0 majoHly. [Apphiose.] bydesired to make They|I1theStatecome* of the three huntlxed millloDS T(Tfficers writing from the West stiUcomplainTwct—Gone!'Tes, gone, stUd the speaker. But who believes bl such an interpretation 'of the Consiitutlonai power ?soffcTlng amongtroops,the policy of the Slave States to confine;would tend to weaken the Slave States, and abolishThe first series of issues was at home, in the South, Slavery itselt What Is to be done to arrest the tur- and not much more, but will beyond doitbt poll aparticulars are given of tkis action.would carry all the weight.Brings.Mr.Dowhasbeliind liim hl« party strength,Marshal M. A. IlliD, Zouave, New-York CityNewarkThe Mexicans and Chilians here during the presentweelr celebrated tbe anniversary of Mexican and ply announced. We have,moil which now distracts the country ? Annihilate the Democracy and the brainless demagogues, saidheavy,andpossiblyawinningvote. Mr.Dowcannotfail to be elected If two Democratic candidates are inthe field. Ue may even tie successful against one, ifthe American strength of the Ninth Ward lie not Eighth Sob-Qivision, nnder command of Assistant-Chilian independence from Spanish dominion by tak- ing a grand holiday, the firing of cannon, ete.and then insist that,Ifrespectthen ourMr, LnicoLH, as President, recommend to Con-The weather has been here,extremely warm for agressan alwlition.ging in a Ifank near Weaversville, fotmd a piece of latethat they were not warring <mereignty, but had other objects in viewaa who voted for the Kansas-Nebraska biH did it for would overwhelm tils A'TiT.THiiiiimiiLi. ...i^ .>,.. r-iinm _people will certainly nominate Dr. Riutbekmp n nn Squatter Sovereignty. In proof of tliis, Secretary gress approve the reconimendation, Mr. Botts would defeated In 1858 by Horace F. Clari—John J. BsAfT-gress mi^ht not. approverecommendation,but:earthUpwards of $3S,000 worth of gold, it was reported, made fifteen htmdred prisoners, inclading Sen.SCHHIST,and this is not the true cause of the opposition to Mr. eign enemy, and ite would siiotiider his mu^et Many of the Wide-Awake Clubs of this City heldandaidinsubuuingher. [Lowiand cheer- DouoLAS. Mr. BoTTS then proceeded to argue the prolongeding.! But 01 the necessity lor this the Speaker hal no aecesEity,for the South to stick to a strict coosuuction fear whatever, nor would hloodslied be nscessary inParty "—a subject wMch has not heretofore been presentedtothepublic. Hon.£.R.Fostxb,ofCnn- necticut, is also announced to qieak.160,000 men, madeforw^arpurposes.of the Constitution, for its own preservation against order to keep South Carolina in the 'Iiiion. Should the grand demonstration of to-morrow night As the northern aggression, and to prove tbe uncoiiS'titution- she attempt to secede, stop ail me mails and time for the parade ^proaches, the anticipations ofthe Republicans in regard to it are increased, andThere teen mdicatians that ke intends goiag to Veiuti*,allty of the Kansas-Nebraska Bill, by which Congress blockaGe her .ports, and she would soon come cruuUng to her Here Mr. Boxxa spoke ofConTendon.lican, was elected Chief Clerk ; Mr. Allm, a DouglasThe only foreign Ministers remaining at Napleskaneferred to Kansas a power which should have duty.eifichoiders und^r Lincol:i, and said the onlyThe delegates to tlie Republican Congressionanight 35- new menibers w-ere enrolled in the Seven- Convention for the Slxtli District met again at No. a Republican, Sergeant-at-Arnis, This organization The latter was very tmwell.First, be- second, because there Inagainst blm Alderman Baskt, whose ni'.jne and quaU- ficatlons are about equally weU-knc^wn. Thomas J.BreoUjn Yard, as Is nsnal with theia, on the Istofhutprivate friends, but maythe compact between the States was hoidir^ forever. some arrangements -with Basst.' If aU tbree run 11 A, M. He doubted not that the New-York blame for this,no right iand third, because there is no power. He Ba«b, the present RepresentaUvQ of thUthe msjorfty still greater before Nov. S. The Phila-cient Hibomians, Emmet Monument Association, andlo the &ct tbatltr.TiMn wasipe^lns The President has the army and navy of the United certain other purely Irish infiuences. Williamaburgh will make in the campaign.slowly»^ui>i|l Stales to enable him to enforce all the laws there- has only once had this office since the formation of Tbe speslOag wUl commence at I P. M. It Is pre- •Amsaneeroilag,heaUheregrettedthatthere i dictedtliatoverM,00epeoplewillbepresent. ManyOEGAWXATION OP AH ITAUIHABMY/fore, Mr. BoRB thinks there Is no fear of seces- the District, but Mr. Wall has at present the best New-York 'WUe-Awakes have signified their inten- \ Ifeoiid be two peifcrnucee going on atODce. Tet, alon. His scathing ridicule of PaToa, and his threat chance. If the Republicans had indorsed Paiur tion to be there also. An excursion ticket thither andNSW8 FtfOX THB FAOIFIO.••iQieoDepairty was dissolrlog the'TJnlon, itwonld to play Brutus, brought down the bouse. But Mr. Haultor, a lawyer of great probity, and son of Aixx- back will cost only f3 on tkls occasion.A grand arch, richly omamoited, covered with ssot-ArriTal af the Orer^wd Bxpi FaHtleal ciEBtun «on« n teietui))e well enough to have the other tinker It up.. He f'Bons pronounced it cowardly in these gentlemen ASDza Hamilton, they would have been more certain toes, and stnuig enough to support men upon its key-mid he was tired of poUtlcs and disgusted with poU-. to Tun before a blow is struck—to run l>e- of success. Mr. HAHaroN is an Antl-Lecompton Dem- canse Mr, Sswaks sees proper to shake his fist ocrat, but was indorsed by the Republicans in 1838, ttdans; but, when he saw treason and disunion Genflemcn of such boasted eliivalry should together with Hoeacs F. Clabk and Johk B. Habkihs. •talking abroad In the, old Commonwealth, be felt stand and protect tbeiiuelves witliin the Union In thK Sixth District John Coohrani will be nomi- compelled to enter the arena, and raise his voice in until they are fairly whipped. Mr. Bonrs then nated by both Tammany and Mozart, the Breckin- ridge men making no nomination against liim. Mr. C. would have lieen defeated by Hon. J. "Wisthrof lietween slave property and any other property. The CuABLiB, of the Seventeenth Ward, one of the most but as Mr. Chak- feeble roice could save it. He' gave notice was not, as decided by Lord MAKanstn in 1772, who LXB could not secure the Mozart indorsement, he tias•mi ns—ial blaiUcaaea.stone, who tkence wiU discharge brilliant fireworks St. Jessras, Monday, Oet I. ^defence iof tiis country. He denied that he was a party man, but could not forget that fie had" a country to defend and save, so far as hjsproceeded to consider the subject of slave property,gether. At tlie head-quarters last evening, diagrams representing the place of formation of each division and sutxilvislon prepared by Marshals Wabs and Ga-Sam Fbawcisoo, SepC 1»— Wednesday, 3^ P.l^»Arrived Sept. IS, bark Betty Perltank, f*m Biiilyaot speaking. If be did speak, and Virginia was lost, but not a slave, in a Federalof the Marshal of the Second Division BICeHD DIVISION—OBDU NO. I.liViDC: AitAXj! HiAS-QcAanas, No. 618 Broadway, \ N«w-YO»K, Oct2, 1860. JTbe Glasgow has SI caUn and 3rsk> knew it would be charged to the fact that Bonadidspeak.Bartng declared that he planted himself firmly uponfttvors to ask, and should discuss all the issues fuUyaad freely. He had no doubt sime of his viewswould be denounced as Northern or Abolition in theirteBdency, yet he assumed all the responsibility, and the States where it already exists. Its extensiona strong man, but could not obtain as many votes as Gen. Ward in the lower part of the district, whileprecLsely.and announced it that a vast difference existed boldly•St. Jonas, N. F., Monday, Oct. I.one was property under common law. The other popular young men in the Districtvit,They will greatly simplifySailed Sept IS, ships Cornel, for Bong KongJolk*Tnteftamship Olosg-ow,from enWed- LiverpoolThe Dred Scott case was reviewed, and tbe speaker contended that It only decided that a negro was not a citizcu, and therefore could not sue. Nothing more was de-tbe illustrious Alderman F. J. A. but Bools,steerage passen- ter has declined to SOc^in consequence of news of gers. She experienced heavy western gales all tbelarge shtoments frfm^ew-York by the steamer of passage.Septl.' Foreign (^&e is weaker, but nearly ail other The yova Scotian, from Quebec, arrived at Loa-to be knocked down. •**tke Constitution of Ms country, he announced his cided by the Supreme Court. But even the subse- In the Seventh District, made up of the Ninth, Six-In pursuance with General Order No. 4, issue<l by tireGrand ManbaU this Division will parade on Wednesday leading articles ^e steady, with a tendency in the donderry 18th, and in the Mersey 19th, when she hadof the do not decide that Judgesprobably Cole,Press held them in fear, but be (Mr. Bona) bad no show that Slavery existed alone by local law, and Americaiit a gentleman whose name, it is believed,evening, Oct. 3. and form as follows :Knickerbocker Artillery on right of Division. Fifthfavor. There is a hVisk demand for Wheat,and Die abhorrence of Democracy.Breckinridge people have put forward Hon. Elijah Wars, who has manyse^Uer'sunder the last foreign advicesbeen agroimd and got off.The Vanderlnlt arrived at Southaaiptoaon tlie 19lh. The steamship City of Baltimore, ftom New-Toik,quent speculationsteenth and Twentieth the Wanis,'WlUg predelictionsThere were but few public men wtiQ dared to speak any more than it carries it into and protects it in all also some still more active enemies. Tammany Hall •penly and plalaly of the Issues of the day. The the States. Mr. B. also quoted the Constitution to will nominate Mr. L. of the Irish-rates have sales at (1 4S to$l SO.the' Constitution carries Slavery into the Territories,Sub-Divieion under command of Assistant klarflhalJ. H.Cajip.;undergone Freightswas an entirely local institution, unprotected by the common law or thewoula not be resisted the Mozarters. He would be byThegenee concerningTerritory.natingBooLB preferred to retain tUs supervision of the flesh- pots In the City Hall. The Republicans have not yet made a nomination here, and can only put up some:and demand for for But- healthy goods consumption.thieySlaverythe North' shalldo soof tbe Slave-trade between tbe States, Mr. Bors would not dissolve the Union. Con-wardthe precise and particular purpose of establishing that has overtaken Mr. Bucbahah. But should Con- Hall nomination is in dispute between AnsoS Usaaici, McAhee, Wmrrmiklin, Erastus F. Sterling.mmBoRS,OurUarshal W. S. FlKOXNZfdrawn off by some candidate not named. remainder of Kew-Jersey Companies,, alt Pennsylvania-no changeTweuty-finit"-atreet, south side, right redting on Fifth- inst, arrived on the 18th, and the subsequenta%eniieat P.M.^ Sixth under command of Asaistant- Sub-bivislon,Marshal 0. F. EopFZii, Yorkville Wide-Awakes, New- ley.whollyConstitution. The speaker contended that it was likely to gain largely over Wakd's vote in the upperExpress* wi'.h dates to the 7th, is telegraphed from Carson Val-newsisveryimportantthethreatens to run a stump on t!i« nominaUon of some Thursday morning by the « A. M. train on the Cam- of the Treasury not having forwarded the fiittiwith theThe infthteenth Wards of the City of New-York, together with Williamsburgh, will prot>ably bo carried by the Re-for[Laughter.,^anDistrict, emtjracingtlie Sevcnili'andThir-nio.a Convention ofhave nominated one JorniTheDnriT, formerly Consul to The State election takes pUoe next owing to scarelty of fodder. The ahey»mesitanedtwenty-one.Breckinridge menthe hors^ of mountedto part. The Urpubilcans have again put forward Auoos- TUB Dow, who was their nominee in 1858, but whoJersey City, and Excel: ior New-York City, will form on Twenty-ilrst-street, north side, right on Fifth-avenue, at H< P. M. precisely.Seventh nnder of Assistant- Sub-Division, commandThis morning the British ship Mela, last from Hongitinstantly caving In upon liim.bypopularPeoplesH«n.JobsIfixorBottbaddressedanimmense cede. Ifthispowerbeadmitted,Cubacanatonce publicans,whohavenominatedMayorWall,ofthe bers01Idstttffsltonldaccompanyhim,andrequested Cooper,andCompanyi toCampVerde. Ifthebe purchased of for three hundred million dol- f^painlars, but after '^be purohase and th« formation of aplace. The Tammany Democracy areas maay a«l*ere wllHsg to go to report to him at No.618 Broadnv Among the speakera a(the to-dAy.Ptiiladelidife will be Him. FaaiiKBLAUor meetingHissourf, Son. Taoa. CoawDi of Ohio, Hon. BsinT Wiistm of "MaseaidiaBetts, Hon; Josa Hioxasa of Peaasylvanln, and 'W. PfkosiiiT Ewisa of Maryland.active friends in the Tammany Hall organization, butwe continue to advance.withdrew on that occasion in fai or of Hon. G^oatiBThe fact is Sim-;;of a long speech, and said he was prepared to take then declared that Slavery could only exist declined to allow the use of his name. Thi>i District shal will review all the Wide-Awakes at Union- Ketler, for Melbourne. ^ Cape Rat^e at2 A. M. of Sept 29th. square, where a stand will be erected for hiin, andail tke eoncequences. If He did not speak, and Tir- by positive law. Such K-as tiie common law embraces the Eleventh, Flfteentt^ and Seventeenth where, leading the procession, he will probably arrive There have been no striking changes in 'the market She was boarded by the news-yacht of the Aaaod'giniaweut against Biix, it would be charged to Bona' at the formation of the Constitution, when Wards, being therefore Democratic by an overwhelm- at 10}^ o'clock. for tbe past few days. The general feeling in trade, the common law wou]^ have protected a horse, ing majority. Tiie Eleventh w-as in favor of Bomi- The following is the General Order for the paraie however, is favorable, and It is backed by a steadyated Press and a summary of her news obtained.is almost certain to t)e ear- Firtb-avcnue, st P. M.7!^ precisely.fightNeapolitan fleet had arrived at Aneona to assistof the Twelfth Ward. Hssrick, at*-inmcht comes,thegarri- numerous otherMajor P. R. RiAsiHe, of Shasta, has harvested hisothers, were quoted, particularly the latter's speech ia tain such said Mr. tbe the last meeting of the Convention, came wtlliln one seems imbued with tills Wide-Awake^»tMj«iaj wheat-field, which has yielded 4S bushels to the acre. son, 600 strong, were taken prisoners.tional remedy. But should the Supreme Court sus-Jacxbc!),City, "''r""'-"^^Tlegislation, then, Bona, vote of being the nominee, but the friends of Bkadlet One meets men with Wlde-Awake hats on at evi The Sardinians had Virginia, on the occasion of Cist's birth-day, In time for revolution would have come, and he would are w orking like beavers. The balance of power in second step in Broadway. "Wide-Awake, Fifth-av' '»arleY:;field yielded 70 bushels to theUcre. Thesevbich he declared himself the special advocate of be foucd foremost in the ranks. Mr. Bors then eulo- this contest lies with -Mr. Jaoibon, who doesnot wish., ehue !" sliouted a policeman, last night, as he slammed crops were promrc«Lanja~nd which has been cultiva- places.^lao occupiedto withdraw his own claiqis. It makes very little dif-— an _^._^ There wasthe door of the stage in which our reporter took pas-some one man. We have confined ourselves to facts and kitchen, in warehouse and office. It invadesh«wls of faction, -llr. Bona next reviewed the ante- vlrfiima. bosially, tiiere was much to be said on over the Butterfield route to El upon.ference who wins the nomination, as thelegislate for themselves in all things, in spite of the price of negroes, he thought it a very dear labor for must succeed -unleES the Democracy concentrate on Awake" is 8 common expression In drawing-room the Overland journey to New-Orleans and WasUng- Jled from itomt. Tfie event was generally jspeculateat>eneficiai eSects politicallywiiile, at the piesentRe[pubiicanssage,aftercollectingtliis^%iBny~nB-aa's declarations, that to Territories belongs all should bave its protection in the States, if need each of our six Congressional Districts.of domestic legislation. Gen. Lari was be, by the strong arm of force. But of what do the yowcr dkuiiionists complain ? Not ot any taw of Congress, est shown to have l>een a Squatter Sovereignty for tlicse have been passed by themselves. Mr. Uonsporter, and he is compelled to close his account here, that we majr go'to press with ithad a splendid easy carriage built for the journey, for which the Overland Company is to furnish the requl- aitechangeofhorses.ciiKS, with 9,000 men, was marching towards the Ne^oUtan frontiers, with a view of effecting a junc- tionwiththe Neapolitantroops. Theserumorsc<hi- cemlng Laxoucixu's movements must be incinnect if a decisive engagement was fought at AncDna.;txitn sides, and it was doubtlul wtiich way th6 scales in all tbe foregoing remarks, and leave the task of even the sanctum-sanctorum. At this moment the ton, passing Paso, andcedents of Mr. BucxiHBiiiei, quoting that gentJe- nouid turn. But so long as the institution existed, it commenting on the various names to the voters in City Editor Is shouting "Wide-Awake!" to our re- thence going through Texas via San Antonio. He has There were also unconfirmed rumors that Laaoai-THE WIDE-AWAKES.; but. Independentof the construction alludedtotheansversofSenatorDocolasatNor- MeetingsIiaatETening—Accemlans^otke Hon.Henbt'Wilson,thedistinguishedSenator ThereisnoStatenewsofImportance.Thequad-leadersiren the Kansas bill by ttiese gentlemen, the folk, to certain questions propounded to him, and Mil itself establisbes Squatter Sovereignty in these Mr. Botts pronouncefi iiighiy pertinent andpru[:er. [Dealening adpiause.i Suppose, said Mr. Ibe broadest sense, leaving the people perfectly BcTTS, South Carolina sliouid declare herself out of free td 'regulate their Lnst^tions in their own way; the U«ion. She would assume the position of a for-WIdc-Awake Forces—Presenlarlon to Cirapd Itlamhal Ward and DiTUiaa aiar- •kal Garlt—The Giant WIde-Awakea trmm Malae—A. DemoUBtratlon at PMIadelpklaufrom Massachusetts, will speak at Stuyvesant Insti- rangular political canvass Is progressing actively, tute, No. 050 Broadway, at 7}i o'clock this evening, with no new indications as to the probable resulttbe anxiety to take in it seems to partspread.LastDemocrat, Assistant Clerk, and Mr. LzTiaiai,were the British, French, Sardinian and American.at their various head-quarters,inst.BixjAma liAxsnie, a Dou^as Democrat, who voted at the last two electiais fOr Mr. Loaan, the Republi-lastfor the purpose of completing their arrangements formeetingseveningkeen exercised by Congress alone. Nor should office he would like would be to supplyCongress surrender the right to prohibit Mr. LiscoLH with all the officers from teenth Ward Club alone, and it w-as resolved that 50 6I6Broadway last evening. As at the last meeting was regarded by the Breckinridge memljers as anPolygamy in Utah. But why do these South Carolina. A Mr: Wigpall, a Senator of no very more uniforms should be ordered immediately. the entire evening was consumed in the inquir>' as to indication that a Douglas-Republican coalition was Gen.SciTOBi was appointed Commander of the Armywith to dissolve the Union ? Be- favorable reputation, from Texas, has charged that flubs no Souihem man would accept office under Mr. Lin- The variouswe arc in- "which of the delegations from the Eleventh Wardcause S(iuatter Sovereignty produces inequality COLs but Botts of Virginia. Whether he would ac- formed, receive accessions nightly. The Republicans should be admitted. One delegation desires the Mirn, United States Senators. The Constitution of A Prussian Envoy had arrived at Vienna vritb a(eatlementhroughouttheCity,alreadyformed to elect Col. Baexr in the -Dictator's al)sence. and S. W. Nsa-•mong the States, 1 am told. If this be inequality, then cept or not, Mr. Bottb said he would answer when tiie of the City express their confidence that the Wide- nomination of Hon. Fbidsbicx A. CoxxLiita, and the Oregon requires Uiat two thirds of ail tho members forniai Invitation tu the Emperor of Austria to visit •qtiality has never existed, as Slavery could not be tiniecame; butif he would accept at all. Its tcii'ler Awakes of the metropolis alone, on parade on the other supports Supervisor Littlb. The Convention elected of each House to form a Riorum to do busi- —Mr. Lihcoi.li would be an additional inducement to himtoaccept. Mr.BottsdidnotbelieveMr.BaidK-mght of the 3d mst., will be a host in themselves. at a late hour adjourned to Friday next, having ness. Upon receiving tlie news of the organization ofWarsaw.carricdbito the northwest Territories after the silting by«f tbe first Congress under tbe Constitution. Mr. i!iBii>GK was a disuiiionist at heart, but he There will be several artillery compames in the pro-effected nothing at all.nepablleaa Central Camntlttee,the six of tbe House,Senators Several officers of iiigh rank bad been shot at Da- bolted,Bens denied^ that the fact constituted any inequality. is being used by a narty . aiming, to pre- cession. The Morgan Artillery Company, so calledBreckinridgeabsconding from Salem early in the morning of the nlascus.The speaker next considered the complaints against cipitate the Southern States' ifiW^revoIution. in honor of Gov. Moboak, Geo. Moebix Commandant, The Executive Committee of the11th inst, thus leaving the State Senate withouta ' The mail would be for- Bombay August probablyMr. Douglas was objectionable as a Democrat, and a Bepublicanthe non-execution of the Fugitl/e Slave law, leading ipirit in securing the appeal of the .Missouri will appear in a different uniform from their comrades. Central Committee met at No. 618 Broadway last quorum, and in that condition It has continued up to warded by the Arago firom Southampton l»th for New-Mr. BoRS did not agree with Mr. Sjwaxs, that "hemp in case of a four hours' speech was received with prolonged that they l>e so secured thatwill Ge madeto defeat a quorum in the House, so as to prevent theject of slavery. speech on thewUch are to be actors to-morrow they"m the Riclimond office, CITY POLITICS.E.indissolve the Union in the event of Lnicoui'a electionembracingAwakes, to whose staff he is attached, presented the Grand Msrshal an elegant unlfora. of gilt-enam- eled cloth with of crimson silk on which shinepresiding. Up but sevenASBIS steadydid not agree. The most im- SrisRS TuapiireiRX dull at 31s. 9d.«32s. Siwaa 'l-incoln The asked If this great Guvemment was to be destroyed and the States toScHWASrWAiuixt. Vaian Caareatlen.thereturn to a c nlonial condition tWas the visitof theandCity Countyothers, occupiedMAEKET9.Wbiat firm for good, and holdera demand aa ad-Prince of.States lo liis mljeclion ?presentcon-Mr.He alsopresentedtionnominations. ClubelecteddelegatestotheirvariousCoiivenlioiiB.then thefailed toagree. TheLOKDOH vance of Is.aJs. ^ quarter\\aWs coiinerted with tills return of the to negotiate.*''•tku dtstmwn movement .-j theadjournedtojury-and contended that this %as no reason for Compromise. 'As to Mr. Bill, all knew him to be an They .will wear red shirts, without enameled leather were not evening. Reportersand the latest accounts. Tbe names of the Senators whonothing York. The news had not transpired.admitted,dissolving the Union, even if the charges old-line Wliig, a Uidon man and a conservative in capes, and' they will draw two slx-potmders, with of interest transpired. The Csmmittee was busied withdrew are Florence, Monroe, Berry, McHenry,were true, which he denied.',Tben, whatlsihe ob- sentiment. The objoctof Mr. Bill's friends is to jput which, when they reach the City Hall Park, they will with financial of no interest to the pubUc Fitzhugh and Shelby, the latter a son-in-law of Gen. The weather in England had been rainy, but wasdown fanaticism at the North, and treason matters^jeet of the disunion party } Some say they want a and disunion at the South. To Mr. Lincoui, fire a salute of 100 guns. One of the pieces is called generally. It will present Its report with regard to Lahz.again $ner at the sailing of the Glasgow.siave-eode to protect Slavery in tlie Territories, but there is an insuperable objection. He is " the Governor Mosoah," and cost $800A resolution was passed by the Senate, empoweringthe Sergeant-at-Arms to compel the attendance of theabsent members, and to call to his aid w hatever force Mr. Lishbatwas necessary to do so. American Government relative to^shipping Interests.the other was this is enly a pretext for other reasons. Wlio are the [candidate of a purelyPsectlonal party. But presented to the Company by Mr. Mintbosni Toar- tkey who demand this protection ? Those who for my great anxiety is tliat Virginia may show no xiHB, who is of Gem Ward's staff. There will be 400 have denied protection to the lai>or of poor men, sympathy with uisimion,- and if Virginians caimot vote men in the ranks of this if red shirtsthem to the Central Committee in a fewAn official letter from the office that Foreign saysNothing new has transpired with regard to theand who now threaten to dissolve the Union if the ne- B. doubted if it was desirable for the election to go to can be procured to equip them withal. Gov, MoaaAH fusion movement initiated at the Cooper Institute. The President of the Senate is Hon. L. S. Eudsa, The Great Easternyears(orBill,letthemvoteforStipbidA.Dooolas. Mr. company, enoughhadbeen Chancellor Walwoith still declines to say whether he and the Secretary is Mr. Pxoplx, tioth Douglas Dem- gridiron at Milford Haven.isfobeornAtobeoneoftheElectorsatLarge. He ocrats. TheSergeant-at-Arms,towhomhasbftmIn-safely placed on thefro of the rich man is not protected. The refusal of the present House of Kepresentatives,and he would has presented $100 to tliem.The proprietor of the Kansaswhich are toBoth animals, he stated, are exceedingly tractable,to poor labor has cost tbe country threetimes the value of every slave in the South. A calcu-lation was gone into to prove this assertion. Some unless the Democriits sayfliat the irrepressible conflict justifies disunion,at these are clap-trap words, which serve party par- fosss, but which have no meaning.with slave and free labor, we eoold live thus together eight hundred years longer, if people would discard canting politicians who continually agitate the sub-The speaker read from Mr. SiVAsn's irrepressible conflict," but gave Mr. FaToa credit for originating the expression. Mr. Bona thought that slavery let alone could regul^ite itself. The charge that Mr. Liscols Is an •' irrepressible con- flict" man is not true, as will be shown by his opinions expressed before he was a candidate. The speaker had no confidence in the declarations uf gentlcmeii aftertheybecamecandidates. HerehereadfromMr.Buffaloandprotectionthatat an insane man in that city. Tbe man's ,'groundwithout designating the time or [dace for holdmg theination in caucus, andwill be one ofDemocracy give the Republicans a rare chance. If nothing to sav. Mr. BxnjAMia being a Democrat, carry three certainly, and possibly four, of the sixFORTLAICS, Oct 1.but is finer at the close.could afford to make such a declaration. HalWith anything like decent management and candidates, they can carry the Fifth, Seventh and Eighth Districts —there being a remote chance for them, moreover, in the Third, if two Democratic candidates are in theFall River, Wednesday morning. U°Y WILUAM8. Uboltuo Wolfs. Gen. Ward and staff wIU meet this Portland dele-_They leavingSaleni. One of tne higher; sales at WnSAlfiqai»neit, he would be charged with being ait Abolitionist. After reading at length tt.m Mr. Liscolm'b record on Slavery, show- ing his conservatism, Mr. Bong said he left the re-- cord for public judgment Expressing no opinion of his own, he wished it distinctly understood that he regarded it a solemn duty to lay the facts before the people of Virginia, if they are to be called upon to ; but he does not wish to be charged with making aon the Democratic while thespeech. speaker ground side, Republi-*e speaker madeA. M.The Board of officers of the New- City organi- zation met at No. 038 Broadway, last evening, DahislUasart Hail City and Caaal^ Neminatloas. last evening at Mozart Hall, and the following nomin-aby Deputyof the .Serjeant *,.-If"^!"'TM^tiiowti—AnagenthasgonetoEngland WiUJAiiBOSis verystrongtliroiighoutthelowerscriptionforeign;Democratic candidates *uttobcsenous,conUiruM Mr. a., ,Se ,ru< ,«r« of may slip in Ijetween the wrangling candidates of theNawal and aillitary Intelligeace.easier, bul-quoiaUons uncha^ed.'*"Buke of Ncwcusu. -..Ill pi^y ,„^^ ia,port^t part and othei; offices. It is thought by his friends that bethe same parties against the Mexicanr^1^' ";"!?'''^'•'""' ae«n' is here. The Independentfo^ Assembly'"charge!" [Applause.] ,TsAiri but little Inquiry,andpriceswould break up thislions in order to buy up little negrotf for thuir cottonresign. Should bado so, the contest (or his vacant place wiuStstcfof fire- Maibi« and Vtsiuas Wood, the works, placed severally at the fieid of the four divi-depict scenes that would be enacted there, if he mightoperatorsfrom the scenes of last Winter. If it should to goIt tbas Toulon, reported fromjudgethe House, there was aprobability of Lincolk'8 election,delicatetaskofMeantime, the Committoe busy pre- sistant Clerk and the Enrolling Clerk are Republi- armsupported contemplating disunion m theyesterday.a and no harm was by bystander,election, Mr. Bor's tiegged to sky that westill had a Constitution,stillliadlaw,still hadcourtsandprose-were not'be the of frightened by glaremorning.The Third District,'UVKBPOOL PBODtrOI HABEET.Pots, Z7s. 9d.92Ss.i Pearls set quoted. RisiS steady; Common, 5s. Id.4Ss. Sd.the First, Second, Third, Fifth and Eighth Wards.is a hotly contestedcans and Republican-.\mericans areunited on Anok 1. WiiLiAiisoit, who Is at testing the seat of Hon. DaXixl E. Sicklxb.a brilliant decoration on the breast.to Urn a baton made of the wood of the famous " Charter Oak," bearing an appropriate in-case, Palmer andsteady,Wards, and by making certain combinations with theandCorns weak. Bios;for the ratification meeting on Monday nextparing cans.in the Mr. Bsu. To those had an interview with the Grand Marshalwill probably communicate his decision in the mattertrusted thebringingabscond-event of Li50olx'sof Fifteen arewas averteddone. TheFrenchjounialaweresilentontliesub-CITY CONCRESeiONAI. CANDIDATES.Republican) Breckinridge, Ittozart and Tun- low. The Committee of Arrangements received theconcededuponall sides.Both Houses liad adjourned until the 17th inst. Latie.—As the Cowallia onmanyHallNominees.The divisions existing amongst the harmoniousfollowing dispatchThe Fiftli DistrictConp-e«sionalIjjicoui'b speeches, shoning his soundness on theSlavery question in the States and in the District ofColimibia. Mr. BzajAMis had pronounced Lincolnsounder than Docglas,' but of Uiis Mr. Boris had they will but avail themselves of it in a right spirit, to Wm. Martin OiUespie, Chairman CommUtee Arrange-were learned. Ttie was there with a posse of citizensSergeaut-at-ArmstheCongressionalfield as there ,Marshal of the First Division, presiding. After the transaction of preliminary busmess Lieut C. V. R. PoiiD, of Hartford, Conn., on behalf ot Maj,- Jas. S. Cbalxir, of the original Hartford Wide-toThe latestDistricts embraced In thisat Cowallls ever TheNationalUemocratreuonvennonwasheld hutuhf°qMi*"^'ynmr—"ini-jhiy"f—«7^fiCity.almost certainly will be, on next electionsince Senators was arrestedUtdZd.aW. higher. And common Red ld.9Sd.kigbei;retMiaL of tke African Tammany Hail and Mozart factions,^piOauee.] He contended RiCBAXD T. CoKPTOB Is the Tammany nominee In were for the Hartford Wide-Awakes.Blcut^rade. [Tremendouethst seventy-five thousand persons he willftjiem into steamers .arrived In town Saturday afternoon tory the Mormon iin tht Southern this District, but nimor says that CJovemmerw of iliirty mil-be between John C.of re- sions, would make plentiful displays of fireworks, aiid would shoot fire-balls 1,000 feet into the air, which, party of any intention to re\-be the Slavcrtradc ceiving tlie Mozart Hall nombaatlon. CoMftoa, itis bursting into vari-colored fragments, would light uppublicshipatand He acquitted the masses sugar plantationf.o( thelatter being sure, under any cireufastances, thought, may eventually be Induced to run atfact tke Breckinridge leaders, he eh *rged, were dtrect'y guilty of efforu to break vp this Ooventmenf for the fUrposea of self aggrandizenienX tki^ough a skam'fulMr. BoRS alitsiled, in severe •erms, to IWrnonOHiT Niwtok, who had published several communications teaching treason to ourdA 7 Vboads, 7(tnd criminalinjury;-i,^$ai TiA vnBimows. 'brnpooL, TUorsday, Sept 30.traffic.thirty-the wharf and put in readi- ness for commission. Her officers may report by thejurors, patiently their turn on the calendar. awaitingAlmost every silver claim of any value in the Terri- tory is or will be In litigation.youths of Virginia. The Breckinridge poltticlans are nominated for1st proximo.respont-lble for this spirit of disunion which is abroad,and the man who calculates upon the de-struelien ot tliis Govenmient is either a jpadman probablyor a fool. He is ignorant of the power of In the Fourth theOTerlnnd Smith, Monday, coast of Africa,) and Vandatiti, are to be put In com- The Overland Mail, with San FranciscoMall. Oct 1. dateatohetelosa^ tern at fiill prices. Bsfrnwiiii steady and firm. Fiinsion quiethe back down, how-offive. The Third Ward wlU go soUd for Wood, underyesterday,Untied 9IRM ftrea.'WMatbee'3 soUcitatlon. Should<: •ofthe influcjire ofZSlta^lttral stiares, re#m(.tr, Matuir will be his successor,six over Mr. Wood in a nominatiiig bodythe commandants to notify their Companies of the action•_;:;,'fair chance for Willi amsos oan->- the District.but CoMWOScouldand the ne.^ day after the New-Yorkprocession.TheJamtstmcn, German- town, (for the Home Squadron,) Saratoga, (for thethe Government defend itself.*; Jn ten days three lenth and District, embracing Fourth,hundred tluiusand volunteers could ie raised to protect ha*e put forward Alderman Micuail Tookst, whose takemission tills month so ;hour this morning Smii dnll at Ss. common.UurntsnvitkwgoingintoafrttBtttt, Tken,ssM puaenscdsnocommentand the Mojarters will ruapart if Hie voteweretMea to-dayinPsnssylvaiaa,theand H. H. Co«J't«. of Albany, N.Judge RcssxiL, who expects Recorder by Mozart Hall.to bewere «toSiQ 4,tW to speculators and exporters.bales, in- The mar-» ODD and Mathh it Ught a w ould be a race, leaving;:were to New-York in force, commgYork Wide-Awakes and tlieir visitors would return tp Fourteenth Wards, the Tammany men with them to the metropolis of Brotherly L«ve andsubstantiallymilitia button andConven- Friday evening without making any Tlie Twentieth Ward National Unionhaving a m^orityand.pointed byth^Secretaryof theNavyis set for tke middle of Octobernext Every-nesotaElk,appearandtocutions, and that still grew. Tills conclusion the torches and the fireworks. Gen. V^ajld advised a fixed fact, and even venture to laugh at kicks and An attemptYour begs to aclmowiedge the cour- porrespondenttesies be from the Committee of Arrange-tien.This Convention met for the fourth time laatSenatewill not election of the Senators.theTheParisBoursewasheavy. RentesOff.90c.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. Liviapooi, Wednesday, Sept 19, 1J99.LIVIBPOOL COITOS HAEKKI.-The sales of Cotton on Monday and Tuesday worements at trheec^Cvleudb House also the atteniton of ;dies atgen- tlemen coimected with the IVAi^ and Dupatck offices, and the prompt and efficient services of the telegraphthem, very night,andmaking a nominatltm. A portion of the delegatesclaim that Mr. Jamsb Hatib received the nomination at the last meeting of the Convention, and on thatthatlikelythe fusion by them as They evidently regard proposedth^ menby Breckinridge jectnightThe Grand Marshal and his staff, and tbe Com- mittee of Arrangements, held meetings, by appoint- at4P.M. Itment, at No. 618 Broadway,the Senatorsyesterdajr.w as resolved that the aids to the Grand Marshalevening.The remainderadjournedchosen if election takes place at all. Tills is anyers. Themarketwas steady.tmchanged,should carry staves of black walnut ornamentedgenerallyof the Grand Maishal's- baton a description is given be-next meetingiTammany Csngresslonal Conventions.from the Commandant of the Portland (Me.) Wide-Awakes—picked men, each over six feet high, who are to act as the Grand Mar-Convention ad- journed, to meet at the Washington Hotel, WUliams-burgfi, this (Tuesday) evening.The Sixth District Congressional Convention nom-inated Jomi WiHTHaop Cbhlaxr.The Seventh Congressional Convention nominatedstage passed throughFriday night, the 14th inst, the following additionalshal's escort:searching f<yabsconding Senators, who, on the arrival of that offi- a WAisrizLP, Nash 4 Co. and BrcaAKDSOif, Spssci 4mtnlt .V. Y. Ifiue Aicakes. 618 Broadwaycer, had taken to the brush, and scattered in various lower:One hundred Wlde-Awakes at boat from Portland, viddirections to avoid arresthad all been Co report Fiotrs firm, and qualities 6d.eis. stopping a-s Od.eSIs. fld.Fall River boat atmorning, and escort it to Tammany tlaii, where iBe Maine men are to " put up." There will be other delegations from Portland here. YorkWhite unchanged. Corn firm, scarce and Is. highermixedgation at theiit;E. Gavii,facingsmany spangled stars, with a dbuble cape, the StateThe MsLtienal The Bell and Everetttheseportantpanyfour days, andleading counsel lor the piaintlffwas Judge Gio. Bald-win,andforthedefenceJudgeTzasT.Thecaseof tiesunsalable. ScoiaIqulet,andsomedeacriptians McCall and Blacx against the Optiircarved in sliver. Lieut Poro, in aneatspeech, expressedtheregardwhichthedonorboretheGen- eral, and the belief that every Hartford Wide-Awake would be with him If he should ever give the order toon inferiorquali-..Gen. Waid made his acknowledgments in brief and a beautifulappropriateterms. LieutPonepresenteduniform of silver-enameled cloth to First Marshal Gavit,whorespondedwithwarmth,andthreecheersthe pany,the whole sky. .^^Gen. Ward said it was dcsiflble that no fireworksshares, I'H dlscMiat;Brie shares, New-York Cen-sion and might do someand he requested Mr. NiwLAiiD, of the Philadelphia Inrincibles, statedwere tohave a grand demonstration on the field of German- ,town on t*e 4th inst., the of the battle,of the Committee.Between that the Wide-Awakes of the Quaker Cltv-C tim owfPhiladelpBi<m«Sixth, and they exp<?cted that large delegations of the New-» •in the display there.Mr. Nbwlaud said tliatpected ;rheNavy-yards.Among the passengersChicago^are Cbarlib L. Bissxli, ofY.Consols93K«93K.anniversaryFour sloop-of-wars,theArriwal of the California Fori-.days. Ybe Caaper Instltate Fusion*Untitled Documentthe Min- procession,Napoleon wassquirms of the politicians.could arise. As we bad lived together eighty years evidence of great exhaustion, retired from the stand. owner conceded the propriety of this, and said he Taaaiany First District Assembly CoaTea* cannot be accomplished, and that the want of a quo- Toulon and Algiers had failed. .they get excited, there was any irrepressible conflict," or that any cheermg, during which the speaker, wlio exhibited it will be impossible for them to do any barm. Theirelection of Bazxr and Nzsmith, but it is thought tillsThe attempt to lay a submarine cable-betweenIntended to stir up tl^e animals by firing Roman can-and flaunting torches before their eyesso as to accustom them to the scenesrum In thenecessarily preventWednesday..^ j;^^^^__STATS OFsleephavingreDeved,York Citytaken Perugia and Spolsttc, (lueenstnat, art tkmt tksy Kong, was chartered to load with grain for Liverpool. had beaten Gen. Lamaricitre tcitk great lass, Ifocars, Wlde-Awake.wayto Washington. Company H, First Artillery, was to repair toandFortGen. Waib said it was desirable that all the mem- Company I, Scoend Cavalry, Is assigned to Caa^istntiopinlhe contested Stato that the Bepublieaasand Bloomfleld Wide-Awakes, New-Jersey amisecond Ward, .New-York City, will form on Twentieth-some Intelli- preceded the bat-'Twenty- on Fifth-avenue, at IH P.M.however, the events whichTM _ -_ "EO. B. VAN BRUNT, Marshal.BcnatarWltsanatSmyreaantInstltnte.;ty-second Wards,ned by Abbauamchampion. The Breckinridge men have put for- to the Manshal.and will report themselves at 1 P. M. on gol.d worth (800—the next das while digging near the hinrin the attack on thatWaixmaii, tiie Republican The follewing.pereons haVe been designated as AidsH. A. Reed, Gen: n B. Bai'Bett, J. J. Smith, Wm. P. Riohardsoo, Thoa. F. Trnrryiiiiii ii Hiiiy- y ^I'h ,!».«. , .uul the Tammany !-'"*"' ''k. rjiiil' M L. I rost, James E. Scbrum, Jamessame he was spot,place. PirattglaEx-Sheriff James C. Willbr the Mozart Wedneeday, Oct. 3. sit Head-quarters ;killedthe l>ank ofiLKT, a close personal friend to Judge Dooolab, andDavid S/The Sardinians tookafter a hotfi^t, and.By order ofwhimne on the 7th.;"Ofvpreserrcd oBtllfOod heeamss hMreeadlreMsined.No. ei8. 10, arrived here laft night, but at too lata an hoar to OnIVednesday morning the generalorders oftheGrand and Dtvision Marshals w-iU be publiHhed to- transmit it over the wliss to the Associated Press. #Fr«aeh.Gen. CiAiMSt was advancing against Aneona, and In all probahHtty Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twonty-firsl and Twen- New-York—on Tweptieth-street north side, right on On the iTth, a miner named Wooneni, while dig- it was there that the decisive ocearred. TikeNineteenth Ward. New-York,,as taken out of the Mount Ophir claim on the Tuo-news fromdress will be upon the question, " How the Rights of and published in the San Francisco papers.to their desttnallon, that the alraady wom-ont snimals may liswhile the preOcssion is passing tmdeiv ta to be thrownacross Broad||sy from the R< piiMI> at Head-quartsis, California news by the Pony Bxprasa to Sept Attcaipt liftwere distriDuted.matters on Wednesday night when the coxopaules aregetting into line. On that occasion the Grand Mar- Land, for Manilla i Virgmia, tat Liverpool i bark nesday, the 10th olt, vW Qneenstown aoOt, passedquoteVnion Wide-Awakes ot New-York City, will form on The Pony Express, with St Lotils date's of the 4th arrived at Liverpool on the aoth.City Wide-.\wake8 of New-York City, ContinenUIs, luvincibli-s and other Philadelphia companies, andbacktheto the Douglas State Committee at their next meeting. ing Senators, is of the same political faith. The As- fired byevening at the Pewter Mug,adjourned withoutIt is probable that two United States Senators willbe elected by the coalition between the Douglas menand the Republicans.Col. E. U. Baxxr has received the Republilian nom-16 Convention last16,000 bales. Including S,000to speculatorsations were madeDuring the past two weeks the Willamette Valley has been visited by heavy rains, destroying a large portion of the wheat crop.andYellow34s.-®346.fid.; LITEEFOOL PBOVISIOa XAhKKI.out of the28withdrew delegates from theand ez|iert- closingquietbatTBAOI.The advices from Manchester are favorable. Themarket was quiet, but producers were firm. LIVE8P00L BRgADBTtirrS MASKKT.The weather has been unfavorable for the crops,For Supervisor—Col. C.:For Jwtge of Suprenie Court—G. G. BAJUfAkO.For Register—Jamxb Ltkcb.For Surrogate—Edward Wsbt. For Recorder—Abram D. RubsxLL.BiEF and a reduction. heavy, buyers demandingFor Judge-^oaji H. McCusH. Cxiyaccounts from Woshoe possess little has been in session at Genoa, Judge Cradlxbooohto the present lime the Court has tried cases of any importance, and in three of.Jury miningagainstto overhaulsailing vessels of the Navy with a view to convert thing is new in the jnrisprudence of this Terri-whichMarshal Gavit announced that by order of the Com- from Boston. Their labors at Portsmouth, N. H., and plated the existence of mines, seidem apply, andgivengtatutes,The London Money Consolsmittee of Arrangements, four wagon-batteriesand y3>,"®931ifor account.AXERioAK atnnatoLnever contem- Boston have concluded—all the ships at those places no Congressional Legislature. This leaves thecommencetions on the Craft at the Brooklyn Yard—the Brandt/-having been examined. Friday they u-ine, PotOTnac, Vandalia, Ac.opera-sea without arudder.diately hauledalongsideIt Is believed that further reinforcement of our fleet in the Chinese seas will be effected.sgles yesterday10,000received at Brooklyn toas the law of the land, w hich bas given general;Orders were,fit out at once the United states sloop-of-war Vanda- satisfacuon. The tow-n of Genoa, for the past week,>benilia for service in the East Indies. She wUi be imme- has been full of wimesses lawyers, litigants,that brisk times may be ex-for a while at thewhole force «f jiav«l officers attached to tbeSept 10, arrived here at an early forI^ossoK, Ttausday Morning.particulars;Oregon Is received,the Laboring Men are affected by the Democratic The Oregon Legislature met at Salem ea the lOth to consist of while SOO vessels are to kebefore the Toung Men's Republican Union. His ad- Important politicalIt was reported that Gasisai.m was exdiiaiTely oc- cupied in organizing an army and navy, tlie fBcascrThe*House organized by choosing for SpeakerSixth District KepaUican Congressional can candidate for Congress. T. McPansw, a Repub- Kosecra wss expected at Naples.immwmmmm. THE cAMruii;:^n Tmcnni.quoted Mr. Jirraaso.f, showingJtln"aenwBMS tke BisniMists.TisaM.•r««lii Oiayatck to th* Hati^Tork Ri«BiO!a>. T»., Monday,would nobe treason. The right freeman would quastion,of revo- but theRepublican oandidate foriStisue tor the cause as ttieir brethren in armyfrom Tezaa. Dnpartmsal.W^jff Utta iB the Field~-HesionluUonelection of a President who ig not exactly can-Republican, who is our choice could be no cause ^or revolution, or Mr.BoiTS wotild liave been a revolutionist ail Ids life.The speaker followed wi'^^ » lengthy argutnentagainstthe power vmder the Oonstitutlon for a State to se-in this or District,a sort of Ameri-would have four hours' The Assistant Adjutant-General of thatFederal Mr. Mabiboh, wh<» gaidGovernment).^possibly succeed ia making den and Aaifcoy Railroad,reaciiing Ptiiladelphia byNeither the Navy Department or theriijinialsiis tathe power of '^eDistrict,delpbians w.Jio came to New-York wonld return on'month,contl notobtaln a dollar, the gsuialM yMr. Rrghis, in 1814, said that any attc.a>pt at seces- there may be a chance for Owia BaaiisAii, perpetual Wlde-Awakes were rea<iy to undergo as much 'We have some late newsfor a gentleman named organization.Congress CoamsrosD,Philadeiphta.the Theyin.anyin the Philadelphia parade, [applause,] and he Eaorpted Ihera wotild DC plenty In New-Vork ready toandthatwas andIs on hisOfficers for the Military Academy (Ueuts. Hood, Wu.- UAMs and Owsm,) are also returning from San Anto-enough .-ipplause.] The Grand Marshal had declared that be would takebeenPoRX firm. Bacon steady. Liu steady, at <2c.9Mc. mining news of interest. Tho U. s. District Court '&XLOW qtilet, but steady,tiie Ophir Mining Com-Corrxi dull. Bibl quietbo^^ant. firm, Conmiodore Storu and the other officers ap- Scott and others against the Gould and Curry Com- and 3d. higher. TAliOT quiet, at Mm. ftteSSs. Sd.Li>'USS Oil, 31s.LONDON KONIT XAKKXT.Market '»" quiet, bot steady. closed on Tuesdarst «««>4 for money,Company, Companies, andlike aTne Court, however, has recognized the validity ofthe Miners' Rules and Regulations, and will adopt The lat^t quotationc ^: Jhr lUlnoIs Central .Tke Sardinians had and tke latest advices rHtie.It had been previously reported that:ilias notoauthority negotiate with thei'White S7s.93ts. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 