 provoked plural discontentthought *a*t Use government, for the very paeon that a iaCatholic WM>, before laying headson theaacularThe poimeal pamphlet partakes more of the nature of the JesassJ aas of mat of the book; It ottos the same • • f s s s , the same tacflny of diffusion, without, however, lS!*J?&?t**!**mm*' sTMewstess. Bafarethelawofi a v s .mawetingfbr Uw season of ths Royal Geogra- phicalSociety tookplace to Bsrhngtea House,London,shore of Ktog William attend.barrier: witness Uw atwmpte of Parry and Franklinthe east, aad Colliseen aad MeOnit from ttto weak T a ttw etasofKtogWuhaniIslandthaicedoeenot exat;oa4. t. S 7.Guard. all_ the civil aad religions law.equally supported b y alLthe feudal ties between paassatOur rivers at that time did not present the same scene of buatie and activity that they do now, when viewed fromwere anscted by scurvy. But iSe Erebus sad Terror, be- fore being abandoned, bad teat twenty four men. and therefore I conclude that the remainder of their crews were at least as seriously affected aa were the people of the Inveaigetor. There are two important qotwuoa* wtuchi havebeensofrequently puttomethatIgladlytaketha opportunity to offer some explanation upon so'dnepty .n- tereet,ng a subject The hret question at—whether tome of the 106 survivors msv not be Lving among uie Esqui- maux* The various families or communities o f Es q uimaux met with b y R ae, Anderson and myseif. at •u.lereut times and places, all agree m saying, " No they all died." Bat let us examine for ourselves. The w«atera shore of King William Island. along which they were com- pelled to travel for two-thirds of their route, is uninhabit- ed. and all matta known to us if the month of the Back river a derived from toe journeys of a r t Simpson. An- derson and myself. N*,u«. of s have met nam - tiiere; consequently it • fair to coaemde that d w Esquimaux b u t seldom resort to ao inhospitable a locality Even ranchT h e aswtonLthrow Uveir superfluities into the balance for the redemptics of Italy9 The ladies CairoU, of Pavia. Hsrtines, Deor a cause of universal attraction, while now, almost hourlychi, anion. Biancardi of Como, Pallavtcino 9pert, Pepoii, they may be seen coming or going without eliciting anyenttralybjeterogeoeoia;tetHungary andherinstitutionsoncemore,and agateBecomethemoataoadbansofI by the Mfart itrg dynatoy.of November 34, has an article subject, and in prettv mash the same spirit,astern requires,** it eajs, a—of aw press Sad the teqwrestoon of cen-A rsapsBstiha minster toessad a t Bode Peath.The aanuai convention of the Diet and ite reunion a tGaribalditatheLadiesafItaly. GeneralGaribaldihasjustaddressedthe-followingpro-clamation to the ladies of Italy —SThen the ladies of Milan, Venice and other Italtan citiesasked at sjbnisr parties their children, friends or loversd they were not going to the holy war, and in this way in-creased the ranks of the liberating army with die young,die brave aad die illustrious—then, I say, dwy gave to thecharacter of this epoch the brilliant stamp of temaie pa-tnotam, wnich, according w htatory. bears witness tousoi the valor of the Bomin, Spartan and Carthage oianf wo-men. Well, these ladies, these women, worthy of thetimes of ancient Italy, who sent to as then- beloved ones.to us their brothers by blood, wdl they now refuse to dw Battery; a steamer arriving or departing was place within fifty yards of our position. During theWe know that Fraakhn's ships were cut off from ail suppliesofgameforthreecuaateuttve wasters,andthat tinsaUwonlycaseonrecordofshipscrewssub**uagTttepublieautumn and early spring about seventy seals were shotin these water spaces, affording a good supply of food forsur dogs, and oilforour lamp*. Itwas not until the 35thof April, 1868, by which time we had drifted down to totS3 -,. that we were able to escape oat of Uw ice, undercircumstances which will be long remembered by all onboard. A heavy southeasterly gala tolled to such anocean swell that it broke up all the ice, and threwUw masses into violent commotion, dashing themone against another, and against the ship in a ter-rific manner. W e owed our escape, under Providence,te the peculiar wedge-formed bow and steam power ofour obedient Utile vessel. During the two hundredandforty-two days o f o a r imprisonment, the chip's positionweek aad fte amimulatfnl drift that ascertained amnunu !• ld94oncTap*ic<ii miUt. Having once more regained command over the Fox,our voyage was commenced anew. We directed enr course to to the Greenland settlements, in tile hops of obtaining supplies of fresh provatons: we met, however,withbutlittlesuccess,thoughwhatUwDanish residentspossessedtheyreadilyshared withus Closely followingupeverymovementofdwice,wesucceededin Teasing Melville Bay bv the 18th of June, and reacheakwe't in the land of Italy, has day after day been racked with never ending urmente, asd whft is more au>terajto U a r=d ujioa h a brow the brsftd nafults of tta humuiaFrt cell artist has ?utf«r?d.VfEtva!'. bss been very anccess'ul at the Grand Opera, n I.Iicien Davids Opera, '•ae.rcuiaaeum."the half broken hearts which u rob beneath coarsejackets, crushed by the many cans and sorrows whichhave driven them fr^m the Oid World the overcrowdedand <*.- -T.oi:3s!!y ruled lands in which tneir "battle of Ufa" as North Somerset Its tkortt art a* many pUum fmctdduce great thaigs simultaneously with great eaiamuaw m the Paean world, bat which are oandrmaed t>oth by the law of the Gospel and the prosarly uBoerstood interim ofWe learn from JIaJrid that the opposition to Sfcne. Grtsifts, lbs nailnnal jory asd representation constitutedon prewspte aad equality.a. A aaooaal bank.It. That aB soldiers make; oath to the amaotntson that men, like the Verri, Casual, Mantegazza, Araldi, Adanotice from others but those interested in Uwm. A person unacquainted wtth Uw rapidity witii which changes occur inthacitycouldhardlyrealisethatdtabutafewshori years since Uw beauty aad fashion of New York thronged the Battery aa a fashionable promenade, and to hear Uw world renowned Jenny Iind. a n d more recently that Cna aid Mario entranced overwhelming and apprecat ing audiences. But it may be that to tile sturdy groups of stalwarts men and healthy, strong women, who fill Uw places so lately occupied by the refined and intellectual of metropolitan society, w e s e e dw future parents of a long line of brave men and fair women; and hi view of this. CastleGardenis.perhaps,betterinitepresentofficeof givinghelptoUwneedytiwnwheng1vingpleasuretodicer who nrealityhavelostnothingbyUwchange.Baaganaa aataWTB m ay not be sent against foreigners; that foreign ragtenenu be withdrawn from the country.11- The Iftoaratwa of political prisoners.12. The union of Traaoyrvania with Hungary.as," it aoatwaas, * the candiiious long since to the pahlx righa of civ.j»i nautna1-DAit|llo asm tae Itaiiaa Ctae*- tsmaaJ *[Tram Le Xord o f Broaseta. jThe Itoltoa q^esuon, matured amidst the struggles andsnUerrngsaf half a century, has msi entered a phase which Smaybe,perhaps,permiueduatoconauterthedsaione. Underthepenaltyof aliowing 8urop>>torunIntooompli- •ateoas,dieissueofwhichcould beforeseen bysoper- son, it ia necessary that Italy sbal! cease to bea menace to or a prey for the aahuns thatfrurroundher.meio, Lomellini. who will throw ia the face of those who wah to oppress as their superfluous ornaments, their jew- els, their hair, their children, even, aa a holocaust for the redemption cf this people which does not choose to be a stave to die caprice of foreign princes, but desires to be placed on the same foonng aad to take ite seat -w the side of the other nations of Europe, who are our sisters, and of whom we feel ourselves worthy?One iady, then, one woman of tmrj Italian city, town and village, must invite the fair sex, invigorated" by the consciousness of having achieved a solemn and vital act for the country, and Hud woman must say to all the rest- Da not come and offer coders or nreases (it is not yet come tothat*,butOderyoursuperfluitiestethisItaly,which wecanforminoneday Doitwithoutstint • • •for thepowerfulonesoftheearthwillbowbeforediemillions teat can be spared from your savings—before daemiluons of armed citizens. « * * We shall see no Ion ger ourlion exactly verified d w Eequimaux'sthat "they dropped as they walked along.'ton lay at full length apon a level ridge of gravel, just above the beach*, in a part which waa almost bare of snow: for walking on especully if the person was fa tigued. it was far preferable to the ice whereon Uie si -<lg«e would el necessity have to travel. Simpson's cairn oa CapeHersche.wasnextdayexamined;ithadbeendie turbed.infactthegreaterpartpalleddown,and th; im pretsicnleftonmymindis,thatrecords were deposited by the retreating crews in tha conspicuous and well knownsprinkled with inhabitants. and their whole time n occu- pied in providing a scanty subsistence for ihenu*:lwea l a fact, their life is spent .n a struggle few existence, and de- pends mainly upon their skill m taking seals dunnj; the winter—a matter which requiroe each toag trainir » that no European has ever jet succeeded in acquiring tt My two Greenland Esquimaux tried various methods at Bellot strait, yet did not succeed a a d without dogs trained to scentouttheamai!brentiungbotesofdwseals through theice,andthroughthesnow which overlays theice.I donotthink even theBootiuan Ljuimaux could live. It requires not only that a man should possess a trained dog. but that he himself srwmlrt be well trained m taeSad expenerce has shown what aa accumulation of children exposed to the massacres of battle-fields • • •principal public meetings ware held; there all the military KapawraktoUk, which I visited in company with Lieu- tenant Benson and eur excellent interpreter, Mr. Peter-Esquimaux. I will now revert to the proceedings of Lieu only successful mode of teal hunting, a order ta tenant Hobeon. After separating from aw at Cape Victo- subsat in Una locality. It it, tk&qforn. ""steady ria, be made for Cape Felix, the north extremity of King aa error io mpput thai tdtertevtte hat Been generated by dUsayotem of postponements wh«h has preTaiied for a toag atriea of years oattw aab-and God will bless our most boty work.being opened for Garibaldi, to supply him with fundsto and independent!' snnimer tents. They told us that the ice within tha broken into, and a trench dug all round it n> a du- scbeateaee independently of the snonimanx, 1will jusa recommence, if necessary, the wax la the spring. These We give below a slight sketch of one of die reasons mlet decays away every summer, but as long as any re- tacce of ten feet, no record was discovered. The Slate what was shot by my own stedge party—and wajectofpohbcaiprdhkma,whichdappearedtohetaiteas ddbcn'.-ktosopprewastasolve. Xatwnsaswallasgor- eraatente condemn themselves m««t frwqaentty to nardG. GARTHALDL and civic processions formed, and there the people of New sen, waaaiiuated anon Uw north shore, about twenty fivefork,everreadytorespondtothecallofcharity,held miles..pth-. inlet.aadatdwmouthof animmenseravine, WiUtemkland. Atashortdistancetotheweetwardofit lias a cirtlsccd man cmn Mapeaot af Tiltefraaca, aad ateo the dteaiaed aad 9rm atti- uuie maiatasaed ao poaawteatly of late by the iahahitants of Centrai Italy, have brought mature to \ crista, when anyd>laywtll becomenotonlyncrimeagamsthuman.ty and ci-vuixauon, but a serous mtetake.are most anewssfal; for the people answer the call on why dw Battery enlargement a in ita present ununahed mains there whales abound Several large ones were them with the mom eager alacrity. National concerts are condition. seen by as, aad we found amongst ths natives a considera- giveneverywhere. TheonewehadlastSundaywasthe to the month ofNovember, 1962, Mr.Bodge, then ble quantity ofwhalebone andmanynorwhal's horns, most magnificent and stirring sight I ever beheld. Ima- Street Commissioner, made a contract for fining up dw which dwy were very desirous of bartering for knives,m-jtu interesting of dwee relics, including our na never lost a chance of shooting anything.—during the jour- t.onal hag, were brought away. Two smaller ney along Ute lands in question, that occupied is forcairaswerenextfound byLieutenant Hobeonashecon- seventv nicedays,andcovered nearlyl.oUOgeographK-al tinued his search, and on the oth May, tt Point Victory, mika of distance. The sum tola'amounted to two rein-theextremerescuedbyJamesBossin1&30,hepitched deer,onehare,seventeenwillowgrouseandthreesruiis. histeatbeside s large cairn,whichbethensupposedto Thesecondquestiona.,whyhavetheremainsofsofewoffat~ilIIIliiswrr11111Iff-*-assV;theunivarsa!coBsewnoeof —-irt«i« a gradually being waawel from it. The As event rareto theatrical annals occurred a few daysmoral sentiment piugis—s asd outstitps it; is the high ago at Barlia M. Ia linertat, of die opera of Out city, celebrated She fifbea anniversary of bis debet. He is ai«Steas af power the moat virtuous minds reel the ur- bass singer, and has Btid a due voice- The Prince RegentSalvi, have tuey no comrades in heart in the hun-dred cities of Italy* Are Utere not thousand* ofwo-Forelam.TheatricalThe Liverpool P&t giv<>s the following extract frjm abetween lofty and precipitous cans. It waa accessible only he came upon unequivocal traces of the Franklin expedi- Kaintt are to filtrate ditfmnt frmm those tfaU other propU theirfairs,festivalsandbads;andwasitnotfromtiters bysea,ttwravinebeingentirelyfillednpbyaglacier, tion—alargecairnofstones,close besidewhichwere thatIbdinxrthereismoinstanceonrecordef-uKrra.chiuNEW YORKHERALD,SUNDA Y , JANUARY 8 , AECTIC DI8C0VEEIB8.1 8 6 0 .3ich preened te oposi Uw • ostein shore at Prmae af Watos Lead a seen aths eesaarreaes of uwready sssctioned by me. to «pere's house m Stratford, aad tormy saKlQ-ustees in their direction shall dunk fit and de- suable tor me purpose of grring effect to m y wtahes. I direct moreover that s s of fta rents of ths Langiey Prtary estate Ute sum of Otirt posads haifyasrly be ap pftod to the wages of a keeper orgusrdtan, whose dutv it absil be to reside at 3teatiord-on-Avon, near flnakspareSbirthplace, attend Uw vtanaata, aad sflhr Uwm upvolume,wtthaasaadink,totoacribe,oncarbet, toof Uw information obtained fawn dwred sf anaautny beery.**,which rate th* T»nSistoat chareh, would at feast Jbiy tr, m»1 exbortottena toovU war, outrages toreu- tain conditions, such Viae* in verse or prose aa Uw fancy oa Monday evening, Nov. 14th. Sir Roderick Morchtaon fathered about us. exhibiting Uw utawat deagiu at oar the contrary, from my own observation, aad from aSqui-e advice of the legal organ* of that church,i»tosay,th*synods. Moreover,thenewlygrantedgood morals, attacks th e swat andactoaa oa ths of property, could be spread by a hundred thou-of each vanant may induce to write, and I wilt that tha half-yearlypaymentbes res*charge forever apeaUw Langiey Priory domain, ceaeteting of Uw mansion bousevast, and eagernees to answer Petersen's questions; butof the society, aad ttw large room was crowded to conseqeenee of their excited stew it was very dif- •*•—• nri as. ipaMi nm-y saar There eaa hardlyoa Uw occasion of a paper read by CaptainBr l a s t a n atrsmajB rsmascaor em JOHB n u s s x a aan PABTT."action atftratttw arbitrary violation of the an- deaired, * said the proposer of the law, when he was ex- weald enable the Court to declare this a charity. He had communication:—I feel sure that tile subject of Uw final dungs. They pointed to feel Inlet, and told as that one at Four River Bay, bat without •i>rllM"| upon any trace illavabataabeingallowedtogivetheiropinionoa pavnagdiereasonstorthisinnovation,"ithasbeende- rathergivenUwmoneyfor0wadvantage ofcertaindt expeditiontosearchofSirJohnFranklinneedsnotauro- daybmarchupit,andfrom thence fourdaysover- ofUwlostexpedition. Inordertoenabtehimtocom regutottaos. It ta i y thaae measures that the sired to put as end to the impotence of justice, and to lettaati whose literary feelings and tastes have led them dnetioa here: that It owed iw origin to Lady Franklin. land, brought Uwm te Uw wreck. None of them had plete these extensive dacovenes, which were greatly re-of half the Huagaftea population have tieea prevent pamphlets being distributed, and the impression to make great and praiseworthy 1•Boris for dw preserve aided by sfew friends, ta universally known. Aa a post been there for more than a year, and then hat little re- tarded by keen northwest rales aad dense fops. ToongpasstosaefthamultdBds. The evil was irreparable when jesflee intervased. ^ ^tota legacy of £2^00 and rent charge of £300, of which the presentinit asked payment. The trustees of Mr. Shaks pares wui objected to acting upon the terms of the be quest, cenceiving diet it was void, both under the statute ofmortmainandastendingtocreate a perpetuity.prised of our approach, and their independent tentoaony exactly agreed with that which had previously been ob- tained. Bartering waa casssaaaad tmmedtateJy. aad con tinned with much spird upon the part of the natives I parr.hawrl venaon. seal aad ashnoa to supply oar waato, aad all Uw relics ofpersonal interest, suchas«lver« spoonsorforks,whichtheyhad. Allthewoodenarticlesthe choanal which now beers h a name, to King William atiaart, sad there, to ttw aarMBvor to ferae his ships torSjht af saaai a rqwrratHa the government- rmeuiy. a aeprreas ass rTOtoStoBta of aa essential onvi toga, that of ruhef sad ai—agtoa thatr aehowa, which are saw pUced under th* rrgaate of the Oancordat af 186s.TV »ynodehareprotestedtoTamagainstUKdaeraeofasslatafSeptember. The<evernmeatforbadethemto•J*. Saw synods will be called together, and they before every publication aad dsdrmsjttos, ail writings cause die testator had nowhere declared thai hta inten- formed so importanta feature te Uw voyage of the Fox, I they possessed, including a targe sledge, were made of haps ewes to 194* ^r—to Young atao ex- •Mlonlya*altoweItoerafetoetheconstitutionafter treatingofpoliticalmatters,ormattersofsocialesaaomy tionwasthatUwmoneyhegaveahouldbeforthebenefit havesdoublepleasuremcomplyingwithtoerequestof materaiobtainedfromthewreck HadIhadthemeans ploredttwearnsfew from Bettot tttrait north- having acknowledged itdefacte;thattatomytheyan havmglessthantensheteofprintedmatter. •'Uhasbeua ofUwcountryatlarge,hehadfailedtodotes thatwhich yournoblepresident,andsubmittingteyouUwfollowing ofcarrytogthem away Iwould navepurchased mere ward, to 8rr Jmtnes Roes' furthest tn 1&48,la a political point; of view their "matter atry more aattefactary. It • known that the Aartriaatriadtogatetheaffectionsof theaid tanaer-ma ned visible above dw ice. Their countrymen bad re- torted to ii for several ytars past to great numbers, and had carrici ofl all that they could. Some few ofthese people badseen Uwwhite awnon theirseat beck four of h a five eotupanuMMi. aad WHOone w-e- man (George Hobday} asd a lew dogs to drag the sledge, hecontinued htagreat exertions fbrfortyaavs loog'T. LieutHobeon's minuteexaminationofthe«'.-«UTnc.-tut ot Ktog wiJiam'a Island resulted tn dw discover** nr the records andthe boat, as already slated,and whichtie effected with ucliaggini.' zeai and «oond judgment, a *,-.'of Hungary. Toascertain the dispositionsUw magaateawae represent that party, *• *e Banner, The seizure m sot submitted to any oosditinn of time; aEnlargement.(beMmaterofPobbe,badaainterview widitwmtytwo isregalarassoonasithasbeenordered bythe examin- convinced that ail the ancient divi- • ing magtotrate; but d ta only dennitively maintained ia•Hteftattty. M. da Hahner brought thoao tatpreasotia tfcere interposes a writ of withdrawal The writer then •adccmnctiomhacktoVtocad;afewdaysalterwaris regainsmSlibertyofaction,butheisanticipated,andifEsquimaux driver were obtained in Greenland ss valuable possessed from ooc view. We were at length gad to get bow greatly dw success of our explorations dependedpresent the titcatica of Hingary Intheworkinterdictedforandistenttapublished,thepro- secution ta resumed, the/matter a brought before the cor- rectional tribunal, aad jdstice is enable to insure respectcity. tile ship was seriously obstructed, and finally becametopped hill, forming Uw southeast extreme of Ktog Wil-It is to avoid this danger and to supply a want long fed that the Ugistottre Assembly introduced into the law of Jury17actensemakmgdaeeesssrymrttwprintertolodge attheofficeofthepublicprosecutor,tireatyfourhostsTheViceChancellordecideddudthegiftfailed,be-CapstanMcCkarrocs,whswssreceivedwith loadap planse.thenspokeaafollows—AsgeographicaldtacoveryWdhsss Lead, aa named until IBM , w as an aland he would, to all human probability, have assied un- obstructed under tts tae, asd have completed tha grand objectofhtaravagetotheyear1847—per-exhausted before the magatrate can invoke ttw action of She law."Itm,then,anesceptiossl gssrssteewhich thelaw of ls«&hasimposedonUM»publtcationofpoliticalfcwacaarw.torn of tae poet's birthplace.The Battery THSBATCTBYadITWASAMDASITIS.of honor, and of some difficulty, I gtodly accepted thecommand, prepared and equipped the Fox. sailed fromAberdeenonJuly1,1857,andbadeadieutoUppernavick,UwmostnorthernofUwDaaahsettlementsmGreenland,on August o. My object, it will be rememliered, w as to march to dw great river, and aaai that " many of thorn completethesearchtothearealeft unexplored between dropped by theway" batthat this wasnotknowntothe expeditions of James Rose, Austin and Belcher, upon them at the time, nor until the following winter, when Uw •""•oofparte;toutdisappearedtaHungary,andthatno<:**eminwhichittaeaaMtahadthattheaetaaeechargedin itwillbenecessarytogobackinUwhtatoryofthethenorth-ofCoilinsonandMcCln-eonthewast;ofRaebodieswerefound.Mustofourinformalionwssobtainedwithstandinghisgreatiydebilitatedstate.IthottveenIn attempting to give a description of Uw Battery as ian undercurrent u ttw nordi—on.tiie contrary, large ice It was then surrounded wtth splendid bouses, the ran bergs which would nave been influenced by it, drifteda few scraps of oopoer, tin, aad iron, near aa Esqui- fresh food, game of different sons, inducing about 100 maux stone mark. Having now overlapped the ground reiadee''. She lost only tiirer men. yet the »hoie r.rewdeuces of Uw aristocracy of wealth, and almost daily might be seen vacate and basts pushing off from under ite walls, filled witii young aad joyous besrto, bent on some party of pleasure.in our aompauy from lat 75}, north to the Arctic circle. Throngbout the whiter long cracks, or lanes of water, were formed at spring tides, and ofttimes dosed with suf- ficient force to cru«h up their .edges into long ranges of hummooka several feet high, and which Captain Sherard Osborn has graphically described as the " hedgerow* of an Arctic landscape." Fortunately our little venel w a s never exposed to tha ice action. although it sometimea tooksearched ft*Messrs. Anderson aad Stewart whan d w ydescended the Back River ia 1865. and having so hopes ofmeeting natives by proceeding further up d, I turned toUie north-west to complete the search to the spot whereour countrymen first landed upon King William Island. Itwillbeseen thatmyvisittoMontrealIslandwaa intoosame time of the year, vis: the latter end of May, aa thatin which die survivors of the. crews of the Erebus andTerror reached it: we sew it inula winter garb aa theysaw it. and any marks of cairns designed by them to at-tract attention would have been rendered most conspicu-ous by the surrounding wastes of mow. Recraestog Denseand Sampson strait, we continued the minute examinationof tile southern shore of King William Island. without saceess, until near Cape Herschel. Uw western limit of Simpson's discovery, when a bleached sketaton was found nearthe beach, around which lay tragmenw of Europeanclothing. The snow was most carefully removed, and asmall pocket book containing a seaman's parchment oer1ricate and a few lrtwrs waa found. Judging from theremains of his ires-, this unfortunate young man had more favored shores in this vicinity are" b'rt very ifcrtlty been either a steward or officer's servant, and his postaad Musical Mews.eipiaiiosswhoatheyveauxretesay,hsothetyrantofprivateletterwrittenatFlorence:— shoresanUw2stiiofNovember,1783,leavinguafreswater.ItwasuponUwnarrowstripofinterveningSVi>rt.<ofastation,probablyformagneticorforshoottogaanttrtnatmmrallemtprrtnesstothemtanaaenumtofakayak-aid. ••Serious busiaeas for woaorrow.Hapfii'y, me briltiant campaign of Xapotoos m., thethat dw British army took their departure to their native which resch-d withm a few hundred yards of Uw tiiree small tents, with blankets, old clothes, and other turn or aa Indian tocsaitnt ifnassMindiii oaaasst tA^a or In each town throughout dw country subscriptions are land that these strange people had pitched their purposes: but although the ground beneath the cairn was With reirard to die probability of procuring the meant ofThemoatpowerful,asamtoofu-M*reapectablaofha- gineatheatrealmostaslargeasStGeorge'sHall, designatedspaceofwatercomprehendedwithintheen files,saws,riflesorwood. Foraxdayswewereincom•an authenties, 3 aboutlobe fattn aposibonto pro- Liverpool, cnunmc-d—crammed to an extent that largement,andforUweonstractionofaparapet, rip rap municatisawiththosefriendly people,andwesatisfacto-ne ace ite tnvTersfble judgnDeot; ii" oadoas that stand at almost crested a fear for too solidity of die budd- wall, with coping, to, fronting on Uw bay. The con rily ascertained that settling whatever respecting the be Uie caw built by that officer. Lying amongsi some our lost countrymen been found4 It a , indeed, true thatthe head of Ormtian <•rrdbsMtoa are oaitod upon to give mg. The singers were of the first order, and tractor was to pay $10,000 for the privilege of ttte filling. Frankltoexpedition had come to their knowledge, nor hadtheir solemn dectaam; bat sera Mm japussible to divest entered into ube swrit of die scene—of course giving sad to be paid specified prices Torthe work of the wall. any wreak reached their shores within the toft twentyorone a self or' a feeing of apprehes«wn. the desrea which their services grata. The enthusiasm of d v public The work was to have been finished in November, 1S6&, thirty years. They communicate overland every winterwin a»Wtrate ia sc great a dtspute a to be pronounced pre- patsed ail bounds; all were applauded a mtltano: and, thus allowing threb years fbr Uie completion of the job. with the natives of Iglootlk. and know of Parry's stopsstones, which bad evidently fallen off the top of the only three of the 106 were dtacorered but we m a t 0. ar cairn, was found a small tto case containing a reord—in to mind that from the time they teft the ship coy were fact, the record of the long lost expedition. By it we dragging sledges and bona, and therefore they must have have bean informed that in May, 1847, all was well on traveller almoet constantly upm Uw ice—not noon tneeitwlyatthemomentwhenth-*tejostapajostesprineiples,SBformjpelf.Ithoughttheywouldhavedevouredme. ThoughittaoverfouryearspantUwtimetowhichthahavmgwinteredtherein1822-3.AndtheyhadrecentlyboardtheErebusandTerror,thatinthejear1848.thatoad;consequentlyalltracesorremainsthereramsneJth* moat otnilMvung interaste, UB | mass Ttetoat aasBtons, arecustendlagfortheground aaaardentstruggle.STe are sr<m«dm*s astonahed. th the calm of historical aawitaiteae. at the hlindnesa with Whi- h the holiest minds andmoetapcgStcharacters havetbeeastruckdunngthe moFt :r:t.ca! ercamstances. In tctiug the numberleas ca- Sasaities that *&ve been the result df Uvwe errors, we ask uurwtwse,withaktodofimpxuence.howitwasthatthe man of such ana such a period did not perceive the sim- ple and efficacious means '.hat wire ready at hand for arotditggreatertliaadforgrasriDgthegoodwithintheir reach.Clearness of conception and of tae eye, in the heat of baaie. is cvrtainlv the kit of but a few. but victory is anly on tnte ceadittoo." Thta vieswy of tie cafan judgment over the btmd •mpitaca of paamon is mors than ever neceasary a«w to the peace and weiiare of iSarope.Their shouts, cries and recalls were enough to bewuder me. Butthegrantfeatureofdieeveningwas littleP!c- coli mini, who, aith her usual tact, wed knowing an Italian audience, refused to sing anything but the nationalenargement was to be completed, it still remains in an unfinishedandaaunaghtlystate,aadthebeautiful park, so long Uw pride of our citizens, has fallen into disuse, partly in o aasquance of the dirt cana paeaing through it,heard of Dr. Rae'a visit to Reputae Bay. describing n a bi.auassimilartoourwhaleboat.and hispartyssliving in tente within snow huts, smoking pipes, and shooting reindeer. None of his party died there; they all wentsame year m which they left England, theyaseended Wel- lingtonchanneltolet77.ani returnedsouthwardby the west of Curnwaila Island, and spent their first winter at Beechev Island. On the 12th September. 1848. they werewith the summer thaw of 1*4*. There ia no 1mat >hat many relics still remain strewed alongthean.uh*oi*»«4 Shore of King William Island, beneath the snow oat as it waa most carefully examined three ur.;•*• over,of •• Vive Garibaitii,'! " Vive Ydtorio Bmauuel," It will, perhaps be well f state here why Uw con-reFOTinded Qirough the house; ladies, even men, sobbing tractor paid die city for the nrivilege of doing ths work,w.th emotion. Had the Grand Duke been m Florence toawad or receiving any compensation for h a time andthi»i aigli: ins hie would have been in peril, fbr at the trouble. It is simply this—he received from each cart- site of a house and store of provisions. Here is a ceno- words 'Ana from our land die stranger anal! ilv."—ao tnan fir ev--ry load of eartii r »ton»*« dumped there one taph bearing inscriptions to the memory of those whoi'ccoiomini.that1couldnotresistgivingherakisswhen trouble.Were the modern rmcu, so proud af ite conquest*, toa"ow the present epport-airv to eacipe for establishing s iits trie tewis die publicrtRQtof Christian nations, if. baring reached ao h^h a degr^ af maturity, it ware to y eidto the faacnaticrf af yowtii. and if ite] work of to lay shouldreaemhieItswotkofyesterday,itwouldsooareceive,by greatwasUieeffect,tilatapoignardseemedto<Udialerin shilling. Thecityc; 1!hav»do-ie TI:-?.butpreferreda perishedtotheteaGovernmentexpedition,alsoamarble a aucceasas s f foist-laato tetaii, aaigmal Oamonstrauonexp- ditton -a aearch o f >„- John Kraakiin, supportf : Cant. Snow - opinion.each eve I was myseif ao moved, and so enchw-jd witii certa.a sum at onoe. tiius saving tjein much time and tablet to the lamented Reilot. Infittingproiimity to theserow for Back s i ish river, and tha record was signed by Croaer as captain of H.MS. Terror and senior officer, also by Fitxiames as captain of EMS. En-bus. Even this threeday%marchseem« tohaveShownthemhow gi<eatly they bad overrated th'tir strenjrtb. for herec;fi.'i< m ran fie ato*.eSr Rorasicx Mrxcmso* eonirratnlated the m--t:ng iorof its e r r r . !Uespttethesereflectieae,aadwithlhe-hestwilltosubmtto imvartui reaioB, oar tsought and our language, * • i onot conceal Iram oarsalves the exeneme diiBcuty we andm t-li^-mg ourselves beyond our age, above our Boost loep-seaudfilingsaad ourmostardent adocuoos.inforgetuna to a certain extent our personality, that we may iaepsolely ai view that which is good, wtoah is just, auJ there- been paid for places in many instances. A false arm . the pr.nop&l actors. forethatwhich!sosefaitotiwgenerbiweei. madebydiegreataurgica!tnstrumeBtmaker.ifChar- Howtittle does theoss-al observer, who intheIplacedasimilarmemorialappropriatelyinscribedtothe memorysfourlostcountrymenintheErebusandTerror. It waa seat out for die purpose by desire of Lady Franklin.Uie interesting communirai'on the* had I.-nrJ. »:. >n i.o- diacuasiictowbichithadgnenrise Heotterv«dtriala waa s rraotyiag fact to Fnnlishmer. t < lea-7. fr*vn the . u -shecam?off,towhichshesubmittedmustgrace!ally,for sfc.j s even mop; charming oif die stage tiiau on it.IngemgintoCastleGardenonbusinessnotwhollyiTOOor.Lerte;! w.th th? Bresect artir!*. w were witness tosome strange seen.a. which produced mixed feelings, and ' Havmg examined into the condition of Uie provisions and they threw away a vast quantity of clothing and covenes ofGaptein McClmuick.that Sir J••nm •>!• .-fcl.n -wdperorandKmpTt'Mattendedto greethim,andeveryseat tiieir c:.rrator immortalhonors,or,perhaps,they wars in the theatre was filled. Most extraoruinarv prices 'had more m the hue of Lever, for the Emerald isle furaiahedascertain howfar we could rely npon them, should indispensable. LieutenantHohson continued Inssearch accident deprive us of the Fox, and having toiled to pene- almost to Cape Herschel. without finding any tra-atrate more than twenty five miles down Peel Sound, m of a wreck or of caiiveg. AS* he retraced h a inconsequenceoftheiceextendingacross-it.wetailed ateps he l<it full information of ha mostim-McCmtrehadafterwardspractical!; ccmf.mvdu.Helper's Statistics Criticised. TO THE EDITOE Or THB HERALD.BaooKivjf. Dec. 17 '.-'.3I think, Mr. Eddor, that Mr. Helper has treated h srubjact tn a manner not altogether free from pre ,; •,Cc,and ihat hta arguments m favor of Northern s >er o.-tyThis t^mculty ta doubled for an Itdiias, who for these r.ere, did duty so weli dial no stranger to the arcum- strange.y. aad it may b« wretchedly ireaaed crowd, for Bellot strait and arrived there on the 20ih August portant discoveries for me. so that I had the ai van- maay years part, whilst loving h a icountry as they do stai,ee would have suspected uie io&» which the great sees objects of uvighter ani ridicule, know of Bellot Strait a the water commuaaatioa betweea Prince tage of knowing what had al^aiy been found. After leav-began, to tin? land of promise and plenty. urtth Imfty gramit cUffs. and xmu of the adjacem. hiiit rim te When a day s march northeastward oi Cape Croaer I the' that af a reasooabie being nor of a drMiian. It ra- ujislormi.- into a tneatre for the Diktat man Qmiqua. the eager arid anxious faces wh.ch greet the maay adven- fiiay nm or KHH knot* at tin ijs inge a t the time of our atedge of suitable dimensions. A note left here by Hob-The large axfl called EldoradoTm the Boulevard de 9e- sight of an AiiStnan uniform. Aad jetthis feedag ta nei- bastopol., ce*r the Boulevard St. fJMats. a about to beWhat is the use of concealing it? $ur hieod boita i t the(the reader will please bear m mind tha, my object J to Io those wco feel for their kind now jail of interest are 1.500 «r 1.000/tet above the Me The tuttt *r> orry Wrong, rwv came upon a boat twenty eiptit foet long, mounted upon a defend ttw South, not decry the North; ar- founded uponaucds one of Hannibal's oath. !t takes us baca to thos^ It s = constructed that t can easily bo lormed into a savage hatreds between nanona, thai were at>le :o pro- Lheaue.turers in search of help—men and women, witii brains arrival, Bellot Strait waa choked up with heavy masses of son informed me of his havine discovered her five days a very fauiry baaa—that is to say. comiiarine the pr xiac- and hands, only wanting an opportunity to give to their drift ice, and our attempts to pass through itnot only before. It was at once evident that this fine b<ai had tions of about two boadred thousand plant-"rs -*•th the posseeaers, perhaps a solid fortune in the future, and aid faded, bat were atten ied w uh great danger 10 the atop. A s been prepared with the greatest care for the ascent of tae two millioBs aad more free ^tate fanners mechancs andwhicirheither time nor enemies can lestroy. that on Ute Sth September we sailed through and made fast cut down to dw thwarts, am very light fir upperworkato some toe which remained fixed across ita wsstern out- substituted, supporting a canvas* weather cloth, aad she South as conclusive evidence of the condcinoai^oL >f sla-geacy of not liagermg on ti>* way; lor at the present made hima valuable pecuniary present, his Teliow perform thought of the grave intruded itself upon our minds at ttvoagh Bellot Strait ere probably a sufficient cause for With regard to Uw leading features of Uw lands stoog "But,'" says he, "titis appearance is deceptive. The ao- /day,bothfargovernmentssad-asUrouonj,aotettonta erspresentedhhasUhatestimonial,andthebeadsoftile Unamoment,dwssnotUieemployewhowastofillit thescarcityofanimalUfathere, anstdesourtwoEsqui- which I travelled upon thta journey, thefirst tealBombertocertainlyleastiwntwohundredA great ena7 swat have slipped into oar pontics! doe* ths Itanaoa Soadsy lasst to have been very one. ttw turrsundmg waters for many years. Whan asked hta Captain Young and myself. OaaSsto Young proceeded almost devoid of fossils, supplied ite piaoe.^intil tending at Giving Mr. Helper ha figures, I aastAsddout,andwhateverharry ThefollowingistheprogrammeofUwcoloredOperaoptotonofUwenlargement,hesaid"thathehopedhatocarryadepotofBtwvtatoasacrossFranklinUwmouthofUwBackriver,wheaweagainfoundourlflfO,thereareslaveholderstottw1whichassglatelytartheEmpsrorofths wightlivetoaeednhtahad,butwssafraidthathewould Strait,whilstIwentsouthwardtothemag- selvesonprimaryrock.KongWilliamIslandtarather tosstiwntwohundred11 of fbain boa11isi aatorai may be dm question, French.'snd a now at the "stepper Booms," Coreat Gar- be disappointed." "The Battery,-' said he, "is pot what aetic poto, to meat the natives and obtain, if possible,tow, Uw western shore extremely BO,and bears evidence The male persons in the.2,0*8,031S2JBC J90.737 4^02.172.108public opinion to BalytoEurope,"SThattait aaed to be when T wea young: then it wss a place where some information that might direct us to the object of oar allmightcomeandenjoythemselves,aadtoUwevening search. 1waaaccompanied by ttw interpreter,Mr. wee filled with people, who came to get the cool breeat Petersen, s a d e n s seaman; a s wok wtth a s two dog fromdiebay butnow,"addedhe,"taintfitorevensafe sledges. Onthe9thFebruary.«*•>nearOSpeVic to come into in Uw day time. T to true rich people s r s tons, we awt wtth s snail party of sail res, who readilyof a gradual and tolerably recent upheaval from beneath Uw aas: d ta almost utterly destitute of vegetation, and, consequently, of animal life. To seaward a Victoria Strait, covered with heavy aad impenetrable packed ice. That I ths shore of Ktog William Wand between tto aorta aastttw age of twenty oss <I ahaD b e kindly permttwd, topreveattheerrorsofthepast of the present, to offerX O S P ARIS. JET-Ol.1. La Oris d e s Poole*,afmysssisiiininranssatowof laSaclete. allgoingoptown,asdtheyhaveUwCentralParktogobudtusatarrasowhat,sadspentthstoghtmitwtthwsstaflmsnafapwiFelixsadCroiwr—hsO f . . . . / .of a Btoveholdertoflavorof an theIBSof treaties, but without wham d&to. Boi," continued be, wtth rating BBBBBBBBB, "don't w e us. We ware subsequently visited by shout forty-Avepoor people down here want some place to breathe infWecan'taflordtopayearfaretogouptothePark.Bat about.andwtoehtottweyesofanativeat*or' I suppose it always will be the case, that Uw wants of UwCourt, the tots John of Langiey, who died on the 9ttt June last,toftawJBcontainingthefoOowtog bequest-— "Igivetomvsaidliaaiinasadexecutorsoatofmypar- aay other top rise, Uw BUSS ofshoressfLongis aflbrdaseeneofto Uw calm base ofafIBSNarrows inUw dataace. As sasatoofmor- ofadmirationtoMsmaayUntitled Documenta future maysnbsta ttoje may come when,dthe occasion was 00*5,^, m iltweespastorand seoa»anaiih j to the adttth ahouldafBsaaadbirds. From tiuae people we id ship had been seen off King WHlism idrsnsdsaheretoths failofthesametide wreck they obtained a vast seppty of tomyoriginalohm ofsledge* TM J-*^^m^m\dmmm> to af sdjoining sad eongregstina ** t««ta«J**^ttB ,. purasdMntaining .room, where be wss t*w»w*,n a nsndaossstoaniwr b y fT9, whichwas«mf**S«ral speeehas•asare made,rashare whiteUw srs lefttoshiftfor themselves." We could not altogether correspond wtth toe old man's optoion: still we could not butaeessem blasAC*? O f wTUUs III WnMn* Bat nnnflas*Do.to, flavor of each sieve-TOmT CLsnTt) W1© AhhoaghttwstoryofttwBatteryhasdeponed—itte agoasnipto be feared forever—yet to ttw majority of foreigners d 1 linn more interest sow than II did to ttw past, for in d the poor emigrant can find a refuge for s few daya, asfo frsss ttto attsefca of sant Shasta s a d end grant runners, but, oartamly, appropriating the building for that purpcee has aassted m making the Battery what itts: aa dextate to present, it ta a receptacle for slide-bare and there odes Lis the twadquarwra It taadtagrsoeto pot to decent8U11, aakagasItresssrasapark,we there a one dung wham nam ani ant filltore and nature's God can refrain from feeling a thrill which filled Uw soul of Hendrick Badsaattto of King WUhem aland. but that allhersafety and went away to a great nrer. where they dwd. iron, oace ttw property of the white men. With tinsCrosier and at the Back nrer no the toBpisBnty ofthatthe cairns erected bysnsf/'ataltoBartaeAjttnB^ZtS atat^y»aBBa BBBBBSewfor Uw Southerners. Nowfertiw I to the fjseansatwa (the 1) oar total esparto torrasBBBsaed toQf whtch ass free assies produced easte-Letas -at, with I ssedlnstfssialtscoastlawwssfoundto resemble the westernshore hewaster,LtoatHobeosassto ofMingWtthssB Island, it ta sompoaed of limestonetTtookttwchair,toUwabsence ofUwEarlofRipon.Uwwant chareh of its inde-byaatMi'linUagtentheaoctentroyalvetoantandcopies,andaddressthemselveswithimpunitytogasandsegacres,orUwreahoute.oflanda<1joining.''ftwas BcidttoaaaassSaadthemclearly.Theyhadnotbeenap-doubtthatTrankuntaileddewaPeelSowed,andthroughand Anderson upon the south; whilst ite eastern bona ta-y from a sharp looking old woman, who acreame-J it out a eity at least twenty years, when Bleacher street ass up ta lormed by the western shores of Bootha. The answer to Petersen s questions, sad was eitner confirmedaaddroveshewealthytoseek residencestowhatwss auxiliariesinouranticipatedsledgeubvei. OnUie18th awayfromthesegoodnaturedbuttroublesomepeople,for uponmycompanionsHoosonandToang.andhowlarge-dwsconsideredawilderness,battanowUwheartofthe August,wheaattemptingtopassfromMelvilleBayto thewomenandchildrencouldnotreetatthetemptationto lyIamindebtedtothemfortheiresstoeaingsupportTanenster Sound, throughvast accumulations of drift ice, steal. The Uathison Island of Bee was found to be a flat After mature eeoaxieratHia upon all mat I have seea,reform ta paatoate, aataas the anciem constitution of ;ae the proat cuuon has bass eonstitated, completed by an actaouuiry to And reestablished, and the govern of pub!k-;ty.stent completely renounces ite tendencies to If. oa the contrary, it ta shown that ao act of dtatribuyr*" fifjftetewtetoj Hoagary fad absorbmg the Magyar ticn or of exposure for sale has preceded the ensure, •-on of the city made stores usurp Uw place of dwellisgs, area nearly 300 miles square. Thirty live sags and an slightest inclination to mislead ns,orto hide anything theyshown that our small crew bad been formed into tareo searching divSnans, ee*.h working mdepandeatiy of tha other two, and each anbctoaiiy aumpteting as apportion I share of die work, it will tUe-efore t* readily und rat> *stown, and before Uw rapid increase of Uw bastoess por portion of the earth's surface thus defined comprises an or corrected by the listeners. I could not discover theIncomingaptheBaydwfirstobjectthatstrucaahabeset and frozen up for uw winter: then commenced anI am of spiuiiwi m et the abandonment of to* Erebus liamIsland.PursuingUwnativeawite,weUBBBW!thsandTerrorbadbeencontemptotodformonthspre-•faBofdanger,anddemandsthemoatforthelaw.SuchhasWeentortenyears,suchisstillatof the Austrian grrrarnaieiit There a this day the regular and faithful execution of the 7th art eye of uw stranger was the besatiful Battery Gar ton. icedrut, not exceeded in length by any that I know of low and behind it, aad met with aa Esquimaux family off viously to tto execution, atao, dial Uie whole crew, the evflaknown asd th* remedy ofthe law of July 2T,3sH8. Lat the Sienna (ahmet renounce a voientforming as d did sash a' pleasing contrast between Uw noisyanduntiringlife,toeachcloseproximitytoitsgrans treesandshadywalks,inviting,asitwere,ttwwearyvoy ager to rest s while before entering into the bewildering bustle of a great city.Being unable to travel to Uie land or set up sfixedob- Point Booth. They ateo told us that we weald tod some bad become aSected by scurvy , aad greatly dehUitawd.and not to current W e did not notice any indication of bat without findtog any traces of Europeans, except her crew had been able to procure setae valuableservatory of any kind,aad being impelled by Uw win.Is andUwcurrents, wedevoted to themourparticularat teation.FromallthatIwasabletoobserveduringourBarrow Strait, we reached. on the 11th of August, Beechey Island, ttw scene of FranklinS first winter, ani now thesite of James Ross' cairn, which must have b - e n takendown by the Esquimaux S ir J<>hn Franklin died ,n t h e11th of june. 1847. and tae total loss by deaths in the ex-pedition, up to the date of their Ian'ing, was -une officersandfifteenmen.Theyint<adedproceedingonthemor- whui.inductdhimtooetica?iAainotoneasaaofut~ncpe-Roger has re a~peared at die Grand Opera. The Em- which, in ui hands of a Dickens nu^ht have *on (or boats, both at this place and Port Leopold, in order to stores of ah Boris, in fact, all that w as not absolutely flsodt the discovery of the north vest pai.-aat thowjn CaptainRegents Inlet and the Western Sea, now kaown as Franklin Strait ti separates the extreme northern poir't of die American Continent from the extensive land knowning Cape Herschel. aod proceeding northwestward along the snore, I found the tr.10, =01 nari ••*become leas nume rous and less recent, and alter rounding Cape Crosier— the west point of the aland—they ceased altogether.has cea&ed, ami that she even obtained some applause the republic tn the increase of ltt *ea!th and strength, the season advanced these obstructions were removed,so Back River. In order to reduce her weight she had been otters, and then pointing to dw slurht d-rk -n.-y >f theduring her performance of Valentine intiw ••Huguenots. 'humanity iFar from wismng tojustfy X, we condemn it; A tragedy in die Hebrew language, cadled "King Joa On one of Uw uncompromising benches sat a young and let From tins date until 27th September, when Uw ad- had been fitted with a housinp cloth, that the crew might very by tto figures when.in reality, as I shall afterwardsnebteriEspirationawillhelpustoget;rldath.The craving to see oa*s rastored opantry re enjoy the fabwss of its righto, die k-ve af ta mdapmrtiYSfw, these aresmttmeata quitegreat enough to Bit die heart, aad noroom ought to he left m s Ear the base isscnoa of bate with the performance of Mme. Viardut in the upera of perior to the crowd amoasi whom she was thrown. Aa drilling about Gradually the proportion of water in- them lay beneath a pile of clothing in the after pert of the which were settled, civilized and prosperous be!ore theand vengeance ••Orphea,' sent her, dw day after he had seen her play, over dressed and vulgar mannered woman came in, sad creased, until at length the seewhich intervened waa re- boat, and was probably the last aurvtvor. The other lay Revolution. Unfair, is it not? Nor a there any mentionAustria—let oa dto th s enssato that appertefaM to ewr snejeet—has toubtless maoa Italy to undergo enis too ssany to be essswratod; bat wbos she reckons r.p her own idtsss, has she any esose far cQBaTariAUnz herself a s her avatesa o f ismsttos sad vtossnswr The latest con- saquesxes af the pohcy she loitowad^sjp wtth such objtt- aacy are dwy of a aatore to prase to*er S s waxtom ani oppbrtonenessf The terrible esperiswat to which shechim,' byaM.Becher, hasjust been puhlisned atVi- enna.beautifulIrishgirl,whosedowncast eyes andtimidap-pearance forbade a stranger to embarrass her by more shan a passing glance: but her modest demeanor aadvance ofwinter made itnecessaryto removetheship into a suitable position for being frozen up, we constantly and moat anxiously watched every ice movement inBleepwithmher,andthusoiiviatethenecessityforcarry- show,UieSouthisricherbymorethan twobullousthaning tente. After Hobeon s party had dug out the snow the North, and ateo, expecuag our new Soutiern Suits— which filled this boat, they found « large quantity ofPrixce JeTome Bonaparte hSTing been highly pleased neat, though well worn ctothes. proclaimed her to be su- Franklin Strait, to midchannel it was broken op and clothing and portions of two human skeletons. One at as Arkansas, Texas and others—to compete with d.ateaBaatdea. outrage 'hcite wttrage, blood demands blood, a handsome bracelet, ornamented with two antique inquired "if there was a seamstress there who wantedand a sad alternative of catamiltos omtergone or mfllctad, cameas employment'' The clerk at once pointed out the youngcr*en Sta up toaa; miervato af ttaw, wtoeh reason, aa wall A latter from Peath, dated die 29th uh , aavs —The na- girl who had attracted our notice. She rose, with ablush, of Uw —«—«""«l gales B wss tanttdtaing beyond oU de- wild «n|mai« Two double barrelled guns stool upright, the Carolines, or of the live oak of Loaaiaua ana Florida. as the Christiantaw, might hare tamed to account for theheneat of alLduced te three or four miles m width; but tha was firmly held fast bymumeroua inlets, and withstood Uw v.otea ein the bow. but both had been very much disturbed by made of Ute tor, turpentine and pine umber staticsjcsof tional demonstrations of the Hungarians are mcreasing and came forward to meet the inquirer, who aaid scription thus to watch, from day to day, Uw free water and loaded, as if they bad been placeu in rmvliaeas for A Boston paper lately gave some interesting tafor-nationass. Watches, silver forks a n d spoons, small religiousand multiplying in a manner which must, one would think, -she wanted a person to sew for her family, con we so much desired to reach, weaning Uie rocky shore a books, and articles of all sorts, were found, but neither to regard to what the •• Yankee girtE are doing. ' andcause serious anxiety to die Viennese government. Anodi- stating of six children, whom she (the seamstress) few nutoa southward of us, aad to feel our otter inabilityar moat striking one took plaoe tiiree nigowback, at Uw would also have to aastet to taking cars of, to pi nasal! ttw barrier that separated as from it chocolate andtea. but no biscuit or meat, there waOpera house, m this city. The most popular of die aa aad then asked her what wages the would require forher Whitat daylight connnued, attempts were mtdeto carry tobacco, wood, fuel and ammunition. Sow. as thisuonal operas, Erkefs ''Hanysdi Lttxto" (Ljadaiai Hun aarviccs, to which Uie maiden mildly replied, she "did our provsitons towards dw magnetic pole, to order to fa waa only sixty five miles from tile position of the shipsyadl),wasperformed,aaddiehousewascrowded from notknowtheratesofthiscountry,andwould leaveitto cuitate Utestodging operations of Uwensuing spring. whenabandoned,itappearedtomemoststrangethatshetop to bottom. Every Hunganan in it—whether high or the tody herself,'" who seemed quite pleased w.th thai but dwas almost entirely faded, to conaequenoe of Uw dta- could have been deserted so early on Ute march, the more chance against the North. Atao. some will aay, low,youngorold,maleorfemale—was.indienational arrangement,andtheybothdeparted,leavingspainful ruptionofUwtoetottwsouthward,andtheimpoasibUiy moresoasmanypreciousrelicswhichmightveryeasily suchamansionaaDr.Townaendsaworthathjuaand c o s t u m e ; m b o x a s , p i t a n d a s j j g r y t h s w e l l k n o w n s o d i m p r e s s i o n o n o u r m i n d t h a t a h a r d l y e a r n e d g r a v e w o u l d o f 1 1 s i 1 l i n i n g s o r u g g e d a c o u n t r y L i e u t e n a n t H o b e o n , h a v e b e e n c a r r i e d a w a y , r e m a i n e d i n h e r . B i d am a a c r e p i a n s t t i o n t n M t a s i s s i p p i G r a n t e d , b u t U i e s a v e s o n muchlovedgarbwasa.jne^J^^es.Btapossibietiiatto beallthat poor girl would require iaaaborttime,but already datingaahed by htaatedgs journeys to ttw ctowemamuunm. Ifmmd Oatshehad baserstotwawto- thataaawplantation,considered merelyasproperty willbaa subjected s o many millions o f awn and wo>ch has•cattorrentsafblood, saa it borneadtaassinbehalt'of someEnglishfolkadapiayonM|tadorrngand mduuery ourreflectionswere cutshort byanaltercation between vicinityofBearing'sStraitt,conducted these operations, ward* tSeskips. So targe a boat would require folly outvalueseveral such mansions And,alto,youmayher ormeapte*h a ttwaTat taagth, that hmaanity ahould take pity enSSslf ft a t^w* that policy should examine ite titledeeds, shssid ssratmiaa dwir Tattdtty.and that, roasedby the tembte warntoga vhwh mete hare given it, itffcn«H ask BtaasT whesser, havmg stastatom its asragpast d baanotstrayed mrawayfrom itatroagoaffmay appear puerile in a peopieTBT die grave position m a mild looking matron and a lusty Celtic maiden, who and 1etuisad a s board the Fox wtth hs party to Novem- twelve or fifteen men to drag her along, aad probably any, why de yea net include Uw three milltee and more which die Hungarians now stand: but among a semi scorned the odgr of four dollars a mouth made her by the ber, after much suffering from severe weather, and immi- thirty or forty men were attached to her. If. ttwn, we Stoves in your average of the wealth of the aonthern peo- Oriental nation, fike the Hungarians, matters of costume tody. The would-be employer suggested that she had nent peril on one occasion, when Uw ice on which they suppose Uwm to have run short of provisions upon this ple? For these reasons, as before, they are staves, and not are not unimportant: and, beades, die resuscitation of na- declared her ignorance of washing, ironing aad cooking were eaeamped drifted to seaward with Uwm screes return journey, which their failing strength aad conse- expected to be counted odwrwae ttoui aa property what- tional garb, after it has tang been almost universally laid "Share, and can't y e tecbe me—I'm wiiun to tarn—aad Wrottsbas Inlet Our wintering position wsa at the east quently alow progress renders extremely probable, d a ever they earn goes to their owner, aad he in reu-rn sup-my cousin tould me not to take less nor six dollarsa entrance sf Bellot Strait, to s convenient harbor named easy to understand that she would have been abandoned sorte Uwm thereoutmonth." Thehousekeeperlookedroundtoseeifanother PortKennedy. Itaalmost atthejunctionofthelime- byUwmorevigorousleavingherinchargeofthosewho, MowtoUwfigures— wouldtakeherattar,butastronglookoflndiuerenos atoneforaatoxthelowshorenorthwardofBrentfordBay, wereunabletokeeppace,untiltheirreturnfromUwship Ano'dproverbsays,andtruly,"Statisticsdonotlie' —«iMng on all the laces ofttw persons present, showed with thewrcy graaite land af the interior of the country wttha further supply. After carefully aad minutelyex According to ttw "bnpeedtog Crass" of Hmton Rowan that they had made s compact, not to be broken, which and western shore, both northward and southward of amiiring every article we continued our patofulty anxious Helper, of North Carolina, there are apparently three placed tiieir services at a very high figure; so Uw lady, Bellot Strait Although vegetation was comparatively investigation of these shores, and on 6th Jane reached hundred and forty-seven thousand Ave hundred aod wtth a took of distress, took die girl with her; and, if a abundant yet the frequent stormy winds which draw Point Victory, just five days after Lieutenant Hobeon. twenty Are (347,636) Btaveboiders m dw Soatiwrn SUMS.death. maux busters. Mr. Petersen aad several sportsmen were eighty or ninety miles southward of BeUot Strait OnetattrnckwtththestarilftyofUweOortsmactesiacatworegimentsofUwguardcameandplayedbeforehtaCastleGardenwasopenedforUwreceptionofemigrantsalmostconstantlyanthealert,yet,duringourprolongedtoyalongaloftygraniticshore,irregularto(20ajwn,.ProfessorDeBow,thesuperiritassailofthe first revolution to aarre cartBiq probtems wtoeh BSPBSSi on Uw 1st of August, 1SSS. stay of more than eleven months, only three retodeer, outlaw and fringed wtth rocky islands. The southern Canons, informs as Una -the number 1liiilesstati I tranquilly; the oaicuiations of the Hr. Joseph Procter has finished an engagement of fifty After taming oat af Uw building we encountered an old two bears, eighteen seals, s few waterfowl and ntarmi and moat considerable group of these wss named after die and furthermore, that where ttw pasty <havebeenaaableto nighteatUwStandardtheatre.London.Hisperformancemantedngonaboat,anduponenteringintoconveraagsawereobtained.EarlyspringjourneyswerecomlatePresidentofthissocietyToUiesouthwardoftondttferentcounties,orindioerentHatoi,hsanilSa< ths test_ indiearamaof"Gto,thsArmorer,"tapronouncedby donwtthhim,learnedthathehadbeen pulling boatsin menced anUw17thFebruary ofUwpresentyearby tude71seconda,palelimestoneofmoderateelevationand awretbanonee.'"aside, could scarcely, Ifancy, fail tomove any manwho reallytoreshtacountry evenUiougt heshould beofa calmerraceandamorenorthernclimetitantheMagyars.SBDU dUJTssgTobtained many relics or the lost crews.t u tto Uw Fox */tar m ab- 8stems canada*. Early in April our long».»! .001, stveiy the worth of *S.41:A« ' Jft.V8W.SSg»eceaawnet1s J^** * / * tstojaarnas aas saa* aav ^ —pBs^BjjlaajjWi cjnst I Inns nUnwifnl if assetrtmmml'/or^'JTdZ omer Of Uw nags eaten erestod b y flhsaasB a s CapsI hswe^rtedT to prove, and I dank 1 *£* ,baj that the South to not asiyiLLieutenant oflawonghIt a 1of ths off-lying Btass.hsataa bythetoe. On theJBthtoewgttvtoaaUatoe.*j. SCOST.as cuBChttnattaftitsIof Ktog William andtofollowanytracesbe mightaas therefore crossed over te Case Felixewa party and ttw interpreter Ishore of Ktog William Island,Berted snow hate, bat without meetrag withuntil ttw 8th of May. when near Cape Marten, er.aa named m some chart*. Gape Smith here wefeaad a aww village. T-*Ttiirifrf 30or3ftinhaoitants. They quicklymanner s e to realtor a qane has shows as that dw prevailing tn through McQur tae,torbantartafined saas, d praams heavilyExperience winds brmgof o a formed withm1 Uw northsof their people upon the large aland on the Great River,alludingtoMontrealIsland;yetnonewereBeenthere,noranyrecenttracesof them. Thesewere UwtostdriftdowntothemiddleofDavisStrait,Uwmove- Esquimauxwemetwith.PointOgle,Montreal solelyupontheirownsuppliesforsolongaperiodThe meat of Uw ice was almost entirely doe to wind la toad, and Barrow Inlet, were successively searched, hrvetoigstor was abandoned after the tinru winter butwas astronomically determined oa the average twit* a rassertion The skele-A few years ago Uw Battery was Uie place where all tin- Pond's Jtolet on the 27th of July. The native viHage of l» nuon, but that they were subsequently removed ry thehymn,writtentorthecccaaioo.securingapplausethrough thafilthyanddecayedstateofitaonceneatwalks,andthe awaythsfollowingyear. OftheEsquimauxoftheIanIs oeset in lat 70.05. tong. 98.^3 W. and here intha I cannot think that any conspicuous otyvt. se.-n*athe sentiments a exuted. But one must do her jusiiue; general naajstowWhich tha impolit;c scheme alone has pro- westward of Repulse Bay they anew nothing, nor had any packed ice. about fifteen mites off the X W shore of Kingshe sai.g with her Lttk \01ce in a way that made one's duced. WmSTwsa at first intended ss a r-eneflt has at rumor of ships or distressed white people ever reached William Island. they passed their second winter. Lieu- bloodruncoldandthrillwitiiemotion; and.whetn^rshe lastbecomeapubl:•aisgrace. themfromthatquarter. Ournativefriendsataodrewus tenant Gore andMr DesV.nix.with s parry ofsixreally fed it or not, she seemed inspired with die noble The conduct' of the contractor in delaying the rude chsfte of the inlet, showing that it expands into an men, landed and deposited the ur>ove rerord. and anotherwooid be put up to indicate where reoor la w r» de- posited, could postobiy have escaped ia. The f..timer at l'e-t Kenneoy proved a warm one yetthe.••» .el not permit is to move untu ihe 9th of Anrust. and the • •!>>«,-tleei'ngs that prevai. at present. Instead of merely sing- work caused much surprise, as the <rmeker d extensive channel ieadmg westward to Prince Regent s exactly similar, which wa? found m a small cairn one of the expedition havine r>«e attained, we c"TT»»ueed mgasataconcert,withdiemusicmherhand,shemide wasdonadiemoremoney,apparently,wouldhabeInletThesetracings,togetherwithoarownobservations day'smarchfurthtrsouthROUEithemarginoftheformer ourhomewardvoyage onUie21stS.-jd—..r',a--a scene of it, reguiar!y acting it, and bad the sta^e ar- receiving: but upon inquiry 1wss fount that the'reason and hydrograplucai remarks during our two coasting of these document much additional information was rived in London, navinp iand«-d at Portnmm.ui nioionranged, with the chorus at die back, and two men in die voyages along the Greenland shore, fill up many inwrost-centre, each uoiuing the flag ai independence; she walked of hta not proceeding was that he was deriving a large ;a mg and Important details. After leaving Pond's Inlet ourabout; sne seized Uie flag: nhe tossed her little head and come from the groun.l by jjaain;; it to others for purposes voyage aad search lay along shores uninhabited, as far aaarms afceut. x n h an energy, and sang with a Are and ia no way connected w^ta the wort—privilege* for bath- the magnetic pole, at' ail events. We therefore with the to the N.K.W.: therefore they drifted sontbwar-l. only soui that produced- s a electric eKect The enihusiai>m ing houaaa, frrry piers, wharfage. A c . tilings for which greatest regret parted from our new acquaintances, but 12 or 14 mi.ee. in 20 months. The survivors, 105 m num- of die public was raaed to a frantic pitch, cries he had no authority.given, under date 26th April, 1^49. The ships. 11 ttatee. were abandoned on the 2£d April. 1S4S, aboutflfte«nm .:ssthe vii.t uw dosk gates at B*-i»it. cmeeu 1 mud :aa Fcx.not until after we had carefully, extracted from them ber under the command of Captain Oroaier, landed atall the information they could afford. Proceeding up this spot and budt the cairn which now extate. upon the Captain Ka?r»Env, wK> cnrr-nnriHej a firm-' A-ctisjournals nor pocketbooks. 0.' provisions there resauned•sstod by Fbq''*Pi^"T stooe the abandonment of ttto and Terror w a a evident, as U w afttotes lying "«a,BS6.081,371.HeracheitiwytototattbataiiasiBiltaHliig the whom*dtai-—to Da.Fnsam--#mf ^aj^poorttoMM ^^^TMoapaun Young aad his parties returned oahaving completed thsh* portion of the sea >»»y<* Priam 4 Worn Land m the eesct Itise wdiHiiissf tabusetheIbeAeaatoeaab OtbornamiMivmmas IBBI, to about 300 safes was dssasared. Thta eaten-**********mJl*j!Z*amhm*,m'm chw:,i D — C t g fa l>dtaereserendgeattessaa. jno,, nteasantreunionabe-for thTjsutanantHeb wtth my Uw eastCaptain Mr<"LnrrocK briefly re--lied t« rH» -r-marics of Captains, Snow and Kennedy, and Triter.ij.fd t%r rr-i»<mtshowed conclusively that to many of the labor interests these ruddy mailens contributed the greater share, as well as stating dw fact tint the greater part of th • money received by the savings banks was deposited by them. Thistoallright,andIamgladto hear it,but itisoneto be..•as' tWatotoiU.OwF 1•ot-i^gaa^aw*".an Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comof the north shore of Victoria and ta extremely low. The wide channel inter wtaatotaa of thatayafTMII asdexat taasBttaissstl' 