 V"WPPIWfppeiwpppthe practical man who pays h i s hardareatthepresenttimeengagedinrunningofftheslnves easiestattainable, Thechildren—of courseJtoereis bedesiredtoknowwhathecoulddofornstoEngland, stretchesalongformiles,andoffersbeautifulspotsfor affairsoftowrepublic,and1ofboutiierncitizens,uonlyaninjury11thenegro,and•goodsupplyofthem—areballyetetbsdanassbewasthenabouttocrosstheAtlantictovisitmsdwellingsaadgrounds.ButthepropertyIsnowunsaleatropbetowhich,ifperseveredto,ttmasteventuallyteat.At thai time, such questions are pertinent and impor-tant Ike evil effect* of AM "irrepressible conflict'' prac-tically carried oat, whether by the systematic stesiinc of•laves, or by murder and insurrection, are apparent in the I and county of Kent, about twelve mi'es from Chatham, is distracted eea>dlUon of the Union, and the ill bloo-i between ' the most important negro settlement in this part, proba- theStates.Sorely,tfwefindthattheactswhichproduce blyinanypart,oftheprov:nc»ofCanada. Itisunderthaw* Ills are mischievous and baneful t o t h e slave—a ' the direction of a regularly incorporated association, called©orse to hlmand to socWb/, instead of a blessing-we shall be worse than insane not to apply the remedy.The. underground railroad i s no myth. A regular ortheycontribute isawrongto theirneighbors,ablowat theUnion,andapremiamtooneofthegrossestswindles ever perpetrated in the name of philanthropy.once stopped In t h e road by n white man, questioned closely and requiredto produce bispapers. Finding himselfinatightspot,he'-broke"forbislife,andrun-upon200acresintbe township ofDawn, about sixteen milesfromCathara.anditwaspurchasedat$4anacre.It is a s good land as there i s i n Canada. Mr. Fuller paid at once for the land, and Hiram Wilson and his wifelocatedinthe townships ofSandwichandMaidstone,from seventoeighteenmilesdistantfromDetroit. Bisdivided into farms, or lots, of about twenty-five acres each, whichgroprisoners. Theoffencesoftheblacksarcnotwhollyconfinedtothoseof a light character Occasionally some horrible crimeweek, for the purpose o f swelling the funds. A gang o f plot, if it really existed, was frustrated.negroes, numbering from three to ten, is gathered in New The name of the association would appear to identifycolony prosper, was compelled to admit that the experi- ment had not answered the expectations of its projectors asyet,andtoexpresshisfearthatitwouldultimatelylortunately peculiarly prevalent amongst t h e negroes. acres were cleared, six bouses were built, one o f which although the original proposition was to sell a t the price Nearly every assize is marked by a charge o f this char- was of brick, and a saw mill was established. Upto that of cost and expenses, as in the Elgin Association. A con acter. A prominent lawyer o f the Province, who has time tbe experiment promised success. Shortly after- held tbe position of public prosecutor, told m e that h i s wardsMrs.HannahWilson,whowasfromTroy,N.Y., tractisgiventothepurchaser,hamperedwithconditions greatestdreadwasofthisoffence,forthatexperiencehad wastakensickanddied,andinherthecoloredpeoplethatitisdifficultaudveryrareforthecoloredsettlerti/*JtaughthimthatnowhitewomanwassafeatalttimesTHR RLOIN ASSOCIATION.The settlement of Buxton, tn t h e townshipof Raleighgiven fifty pounds, aud two of bis ntoces, the ©ur hotels o n t h e streets intended t o catch suchtravellers a s m a y b o seduced into remaining over night on the Canada shore, and to accommodate the persona i n the employ of the Great Western Railway. Theyareverypoorlykept,andanight'sexperienceinthe Elgin Association, and by the title or the act of incor"! poration Its object is "the settlement and moral improveI raentof the colored population of Canada." The project county, Missouri, some years ago. He Jtod-* goonthe land to work it, nnd educating their children.His remark ts me tn reply was:—'Friend Brown, it Is not more on the street, and but few stores o f any other d e hearts, through which such traitors would And tt difficult** I r e l a n d m a n b y b i r t h , a n d o n c e a c i t i z e n o f t h e S t a t e t o C a n a d a . H e i s o n e o f t h e f e w e x c e p t i o n s t o ten o n t h e borders o f every slave State and 1 o f Louisiana by adoption. Mr. King was the owner of whichl have alluded, as his lot i s tolerably weft sdesred,and be appears to b e diligent and P TM ^ ^ TM f * «i^il i e v e d t h a t h e w a s m i s t a k e n , b a t 1 h a v e s i n c e f o u n d b y practical experience that he was correct. The time bad not then arrived, and has not vet arrived, when such a colony of our race could be self supporting. ,"Inconsequenceofthesedissensions,sndasthemoneytall the routes travelled by fugitive slaves. It is a sys- 1 sssnrtsttrsj. of negroes and republican abolition Whites, having f o r I t s object the enticing away o f the WavepropertyoftheSouth,anditssafetransportationGreat Western Railwayigive the place some appearance of life; but without these, it would be as dull as a desert od village A s in Chatham, great numbers of blacks are tobeseenonthestreets,midthegroceriesandgroggemight be expected, such companions do not improve the tbemostlikelywomen,onthesettlement. Hetosstal- andrebuke. Itwasthis:—'Myfriend,yonandyourasso- characterofthatportionofthepopulation.to a large amount, and amongst them in our own State may be found the names o f the most prominent polio-Americawouldeventuallyplungethetwocountriesintoin the republican party.The republican abolitionbright and well-looking mulatto girl. M r . King is men- tioned by Mrs. Stowe, in her unsuccessful novel, "Dred," as having actually emancipated his slaves In a mannerand Is probably tbe most Hkely man, as hto wileto one of and collect money for them? I recollect Mr. F.'s reply worth black, very dark colored and strong. He appears ciates were dying of starvation, and I strove to save you.We have soon that the immigration of fugitive slaves Into Canada Is unattended by any social or moral good to the negro. I t is Injurious, also, to tne white citizens oftv*'NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1860. _r^ r •itsmidst*While"pricelessprove,afailure,andthatanyassistanceg'.ven^fotbedeficiencyofchairsissuppliedbytogsorboxes.overtheriveratQneenstown.AfterIhadreportedto refinedandintelligentcommunity.Thereisagradualandofhonoramongstournelawoflibertyandgallingbonds"areinvaluableaidsinpoll whiteandblacksbolitiooists,Br;u>handAmerican,who oranyarticlethatbappewaistheway,oristne bimthesufferingconditionofthenegroesiaCanada, risefromtberiverbankuptoanaturalterracethat wbodeplorethisinterferenceofdollarsatthecallofprofeasedphllantnropists,toassistbeljiStotraaaferhtmfromacomfortablehome,andanosltvenly,andtoepoultryandalldumbanimalsappeartofriendsHewasrelatedtotbeSturgtefnmily.Fiveofble,thegrowthoftheplaceisprematurelychecked,aadIQSMSWMSJartthanrftmiB+ntaltohtiaa.k.tgCaaJafroaitield- share t h e dwelling with them. There aeems to b e very the oldest colored men in tbe place got together and gavethe "poor slave," may well inquire whether the object , Eiton :u iif; to which nature has fitted Itim, to plunge him little idea of an economy of work in tbe little Improve- Mr Fuller credentials, and a statement setting forth th e the respectable portion of the community is fast being tog a public position of trust andhonor, who told me that •f his •wiltj is actually benefitted, or U only injuredani into Buttering, sickness and crime. 1shall proceed to lay ments made upon the tots. A patch is half cleared oore. wants of their countrymen£re. I was one f*****i driven away o r overrun by the bury, worthless and de fhttrsl mgipisHiB rf fhs TTirprr'n TViiiy atostt wsn madoI before >our renders a faithful description of the principal negro settlements ia Western Canada, and o f t h e habits, condition and prospects of the residents.8and another on* commenced there. Now a trsf » naircut down and then left, and the destruction o f s « easiercustomer commenced. In fact, the lasy, shiftless charac-ter of the "free negro" Is seen in every direction. Thereare of course some few exceptions—some instances wherethe settler shorn mars-v and: oerseveranee—owt these shows energy and perseverance—not tneseJmoralized fugitives from the States. The main street of the village runs parallel with t h e river. There are Ores or four houses dignified by the name ofto Brown by Bi • tish abolitionists in Chatham, and who as- sured me that he had himself subscribed moneyto s M Brown to raising men for tbe service In Ohio and else- where to the States. In reply to some questions I put to *"- *--rrnt-rt1ThattornnrtbisssnnrawrsnsMnswatsnsi looked with expectation snd hops to theday,awt fnrwft- tant, when a disruption of the Union wonki take place; Car that, in that case, the British abolitionists would tout t h e republican abolitionists of America in open warfare upon the sUTeholding States When I reminded Mm that the patriotic men of the North would raise a barrier of bravot more than three or four out of a collectionJ a heated quarrel immediately arose among the coloredpopulation of ttorotrto ana tne vicinity, as 1 0 what should I population of Toronto aad tbe vioinlty, as tobe done with the money. Every negro seemed to thinkf>£Bpg{ ]%f0 not •-. i. w^_of over one hundred~eod fifty fnmilies, numbermg over onethousandsouls. nif- hmiiiM nnmherm* overmaste'r a n d a comfortable home, bnt w j s per-I o f the settlement appears first to have suggested itself t othrough every free State in the Union, and has its agents ' the Rev.'Willism King, s Presbyterian minister, a North of that part of the country « to break bis bonds^and fly carry on a n institution o f that description.' I then be- shopping at Detroit. Tbe depot and workshops o f tbeto reach uw Issjthern Stales, ho repwat>-»<On, we have often talked orer and enhmtoted upon that; but you for- get that we should have the negroes of the Sooth to help as to their own homes against their oppressors, with tton knife and tbe Are-brand.'rganhtadoo, to which this aame has been applu -tretcheasuaded b y a white abOlitiouist w h o w a s in yet time for that. Tour people are not ripe at present to scriptioa,for the people at least know enough to do theirfifteen slaves, all of whom he emancipated and broughtwithhimtoCanada,andmostofwhomaresithepresenttime residents of Buxton, either ss independent settlers or occurrence. His escape from servitude, h etold^see,w aworkonhisfarmandinhishouse—twomenandone AnothersettleruponwhomIcalledisnamedRobinson, insolent,andaskedMr.Fullerwhoauthorizedbimtobegshow of cleanliness in h i s cabin, and be has paid with rtolerableregularityonhisporchsse-n»»**••* »[!1 conversed on the otber hand with ooaaervatire, high s bad been collected for fugitive slaves, a meeting of such ries, some o f thorn kept try colored men, swarm with minded men, who expressed the most serious apprehea- unattendedbyanyadventures*-*fortunatethingtorhim,personswascalledatToronto. Itbrokeuptoaregular them. Theirranksareconstantlyswelledbytbevisitsof stonthattheboldandlantostlflibleimnrlatfofCanadian into Canada It has regniar sobscribers to its capital stock as employes o f their former master. Three o f them as he took bis wife with him. , row. An escaped negro named Fields was very noisy and idle nnd dissolute negroes from the opposite city, and as abolitionists with tbe negro stealers aad inwiirecttoaistaefto have perseverance, and his wife, a well-looking mu-When crossing from the other side, I saw a man fall over-THE REFT/GEE HOatK SOCIETY. SystematicorganisationoftheKind;buttneeditorsofthesimilartothatpractisedbyoneofthecharactersiathelattowoman,isavaluablehelptohim.lbsaweswhatboardatthelanding.WasItoconeandaskpermissionThesocietybearingthisnameistheprincipalassoclaCanada,inasmuchasitdepressesthevatoeoftheirpro-inflect to ridicule the idea of the existence of anybook—I do not call to mind the name. few of ber neighbors do—keeps herself, her children and of the Mayor of this city before I endeavored to take him perty, diminishes their personal comfort and safety, aad her dwelling clean. S h e h a s s bright, t o e girl out of tbe water?' ion in Essex county fo r t h e attempted settlement destroys tbe peace and good order of the community. Mr. subscriptions upon the books of the association. Wher- When t h e project o f the Elgin settlement was first of t e n years, a n d s little curly headed brown "I felt much annoyed a t t h e conduct o f of escaped slaves. Its professed object to "to assist the Sheriff Mercer, o f Kent county, assured m o that t h every papers that would discredit th e story record theirbroached,Itmet theearnest opposition nnd aroused boy about five years old. There is some show the meeting. Friend Fuller came to me next refogees from American slavery toobtain permanent criminalstatisticsofthatcountyprovethatnine-tenthsof the indignation o f the people o f Chatham. The earliest of order and taste tn the stogie sitting-room below which morning and I expressed my feelings. He said, "Don't the offences against t h e tows are committed by colored tiveagentsoftheroad,asapplicationsforaidcomewithmeetingstoregardtotheexperimentwereheld,Ibe-theirtogcabincontains.Tberecessesoneachsideofthebedisturbed.LetmebearitIftheywoulddothusinhomesinCanada,andtopromotetheirmoral,social,physi-persons.ThesameproportionholdsgoodInEssexcoun-a better grace from Ihem than from whites; b u t lieve, In Toronto; but it was known what lands were to huge fire-place are enclosed b y curtains to conceal the the green tree, what would they do In the dry?' Those cal and intellectual elevation." Under the regulations of ty, and tbe fact Is she more startling when tt is remem-ever practicable, men of color are put forward as the ac-in every city in the State o f New York, and in all places Of note along the States bordering upon Canada, the white abolitionists are interested inthe subscriptions,anda gang of them Hve in idleness nod esse upon the profits.As before remarked,, a large number of conservative,cooking utensils and otber odds and ends which neces- were bis words. W e then called another meeting a t the society, no land is sold o r deed given to any person bered that the blacks do not at present number morahonorable men subscribe to the funds of the underground tically carried out, some dozen of the more resolute whiteciety in this city. W* ah-ill not aiscnss the ethics o f this bustness, because we aowously <5onbt whether any member of theRefugee Home Society ia capable o f dialinguish;ng betweenan immoral and a maral act tf there be a ne«fro slave or negrof agiUve from slavery in the matter. We might, to oe sure, cite themtotheexampleotSt.Paul,theAutistic—prettygoodau-annually;butinrealitytheentirecontrolofthebusinessman,throughwhichthesettlorshavebeenenabledtoreprosperousvillage.NowItisoneofthemostneglectedgroundrailroad,itisdifficulttotellwhattheydowithashebecomesindependent,andthedeeplyseatedem-Thetoeiety U the grand r*<- irinij d'pO> on thu fronUrr ofthe tlers at about $2 60 an acre. Twelve dollars and a Utuieryrmatd RuUrimd, vhith etaptiet it* Htinq freijht into half is paid down, and the balance, with interest, in nine the lav 0/ tkU cily aud vicinity on either aiat of the riotr. annual instalments. The purchaser is bound by certainwithout they pilfer from one another.rHE DRESDEN SETTLEMENT.It may be proper to state that the persons connectedrules o r regulations to regard to the b'nidings and im-night and d a y in full force.One meets half a dozen*• nil sorts and conditions o f men," from our States Senators ddwn.TH« SEGaOKS IN CANADA.tbe way,a n d thatthose o f f a negroa very poor settlement1heart is not touched whh a feeling of nhr f o r ^ ^ f o r t u n a i e - wbo present themselves as paupers, in the natjae of UbertyTto l-ecomedenizensefourcountry. Andttwoulddoubtlesshi-» gcreast moral sapne4c*tia*jc*lle» teo\ w•IiItUneMss. tih.^e^sAe —_ — J atovuaTsia th»* aresometimespicturedbyprofessional^.^^uvn,ren- dering themselves heocy in their freedom, acquiring propertyare found m large numbers, and *•* camel on thereto n considerable tidness oftheclimate,andthemlbd can be degraded, intellectually or morallyldnntw,whitathni«roiscJ^r "*•f 0 w U l«*•Upon reaching the settlement we come to a collection of•boutadoseshuts—fortheyscarcelydeserveabettername—oneofwhich,atriflemorepretentionsthanthe for theestablishment of a high school-to winter,iinconsequenceoftbepovertyandmiserable Itwillreadilybeseenthatthispropertyqualificationis surroundingthemselveswiththecomfort*,ifnottherleraiantna* _ ^ ! * » ^ 2 ^ ? """••••••fwith lUculture. I n ur•An attemptwasearly made t o galse funds1 they sank into n cotany o f Insy, ThesstHsmwlthasfi•issliwgaSSi'SrBiTifr*»«sadhtowifewere runoutofWashington,andwbodiedinjail,wasverymoral effect ofthe influxofcolored persons,aadespe-Whatistoeconditionofthea^jrroes"ntheirarrivalbare? ledge,andthaweondnetaseuiw»n«-tand Dawn townships a n to the intosettlements. T h e ' -aiwmoookltortheblackraoe.theof the residents.» qnaatity of slothing and provauons for that purpose./ ^ b o n i this period, Mr. James Cannon luDor , of Bkene-United The madefactevidont from t h ei sin Kentucky, where he learned the trade o f a bricklayerthe States, lor no man o f cujor Is entirely free there. I and plasterer. H e chanced to get a very kind master, THE POLITICAL INFLUENCE O P THE NEGRO IN CA- land is taken u p b y a new comer. The fanner who haamany o f whom walk daily to Chatham from that innate n neck o f land running down between Lake Erie love of a crowd implanted in the negro breast, and with no other object than to lounge idly to the streets o f the town and about the market place, occasionally, perhaps, snapping up any stray trifle that may happen to fall in theAt the southwest point o f the Province o f Canada isnnd the Detroit river, Lake St Clair and the St. Clair river. It contains the counties Of Essex and Kent, the warmest portion of the province, •nd it to in those counties that the negroes who harefrom the States mainly congregate. Windsor, Ithe rrlMr directly opposite Detroit, is the west- ern terminus of the Great Western Railway, nnd is in thewecharteredavesselandcameovertothisside.children.The colored population of Chatham is constantly increas-andtheeffectitislikelytohaveultimatelyupontbe clearedforestintrudeduponnowbytheencamnmeni<.f-• grant families. « — p m m as esnt- ?southwestern portion o f the province, it is necessary to It may b e broadly asserted, first, in general, that tfcatownshipofSandwich, in Essex county. On tbe south and l o t Sandwich, along the Detroit river and Lake1 townships of Anderdon, Maiden, Colchester, 1 f n d Romney. I n the three first namedTHE MOORE COLORED SCHOOL.About five miles from Chatham, in a neighborhood inthe franchise has been liberalized to t h e province, andthe privilege o f naturalization enlarged. Three years' unootnfortable anticipation for the future, urn they behold t a nin a President and two Vice FYesidents, a Treasurer, Secre tary and Board of twenty-four Directors, wbo are chosensuccess. 1 am informed that but for the establisbment of a pearlash factory on the setjlemout by a shrewd Scotch-groes to force their children into the schools for whites,thoritywithmostChristians—whotentafaginreslaveback isinthehandsofMr.King, who isthehead andfront alize apittance outofthe Bale ofthealliesmadefromto his master, but taO would be iike tailing to the north wind and body of the project. The land, which was originally burnii.'g t h e wood o n their lots, there would linve been withanyhopeofeffect. Jtutthereisanaspectoftheopera i purchased of the government, is subdivided intoofthesocietytowhichwedowishtodirectthepublicat-I littleshortofstarvationformanyofthefainlM^*,for lots o f fifty acres each, a n d sold to actual set- there is nothing fo r them to (teal in the neighborhoodpathy ofthe whites cfCanadato their dark skinned neighbors. At the same time it i s observable tbat t h e •'freenegro inCanada—thatis,tbeblackwho was free intheStates—endeavorstoholdhisheadabovethe "fugitive," and has a profound contempt for the escaped slaveAs I desired to obtain the views of intelligent Canadians upon the important questions before me. I requested a prominent and wealthy citizen of Windsor to favorm e with a written statement of his observations o n t h e e f feet of the negro immigration, and received the following hastily prepared and brief communication to reply. T h e opinions expressed are from one 01 the most accomplish- ed gentlemen in the Province, and are worthy o f serious consideration, although t h e public position h e occupies renders it proiier that 1 should n o t make public una of bis name —wijmsoR, Dec. as, lass. Mr DIAR SIK—Is reply to your request, I beg to ear that I would cheerfully gr.e ;oc my views at length-upontoe impor- tant topics discussed at reir interview, din not my presstna ••Dgageirientsjustnowoccupytoomuchofmytonetomake tt |>o««lbie that I should do more than h&stftv sketch down sueh thoughts aa occur to me in the few moments lean devote tolhe subject.The constant immigration of fugitives from slavery into thecharactersimilar^tothosealreadyalludedto,snddonot twowesterncountiesoftheprovinceofCanada,Kentfmiand unpromising in Western Canada. One long, crooked street runs through thetown, on which aretheprincipalplacesofbusiness. Themarket,a brick building, forms a square in the middle of the main street, and round this mart the negroes congregateThe settlement next in impo-tanceinthe emintyof iv'nt,with this society, numbering a large proportion of minis provements which he is required to place ii)ion his lot. and the oldest established in the county, is tljat known as black faces in the streets to one white. Those wbo arethefundstheythusextortfromthecharitable."Theycer- tainlydonotspenditonthenegroesinCanada,andtheir societyprofessestobe,andtomakethesettler,"self- supporting " The really charitable should look into these facts thoroughly, before they yield to the importunities o f the men who are constantly appealing to them BOpatheti cally on behalf of the " poor slave." So far as the "poor slave" on the Refugee Home Society's lands is concerned, it would be a mercy to send him back to a careful master and a Southern home. Half clad and half starve 1, he ekes outa sort of existence by petty larceny committeduponhisneighborswbochancetohaveany- thing to lose. H e is a burden to the community, and notors, white and blnclc, deny the truth o f tbe charge thus A house has to be put up forthwith, in size 18 feet by 24, the Dresdv-n Settlement, in the township o f Dawn. In made against them, hut frum t h e operations of the s o and 1 2 feet high, with a piazza running the whole length its character i t i s entirely diit'erent from t h eciety,alludedtoelsewhereinthisreport,it*illbescon that it looks abroad for charity on an extended scale, and that if not designed for the objects innested by th» I>e- troit paner, it is very likely t o prove a proiiutble uiud speculation to tne: philanthropists engaged in u.employed gel low wages, eight o r t e n dollars a month, either a s porters, boot blacks, barbers o r in Borne similar occupation; but t h e greater portion of them liveof the front The dwelling is set back thirty feet from theroad,leavingagarden111front,whichmustbeenElgin Association, beingacommonschool formanualclosed by a picket fence. There are alio regulations coa labor, the settlers living much alter the fashion o f Mr. as they can upon the profits of odd jobs, charity, or worse. help to himself or to anybody else—unless, indeed, it maycerning the formation o f roads, the digging of ditches. &c , all of which must be complied with and properly certified t o b y t h e local committee before the settler i s entitled to receive his deed.Horace Greeley's well known ho»U$\ Like the Elgin As eociation. however, it has proved a total and lamentableThsre are, of course, some negroes superior to the genral run and in a better position than their neighborsbe considered a useful service to be played off as a "decoy duck" to attract the dollars out of the pockets of charita- ble men into those of tbe British-American abolition spe- culators to Canadian lands.OTHER SETTLEMENTS IN*ESSEX COUNTY.There are other settlements of negroes iu Ksscx county, in thetownshipsofAnderdon, Sandwich,Maidenand Colchester, o f less pretensions than that o f the societyViewtog i t , however , In the most iavorable light i nwhich it represents itself, it is certainly, bite all similarenterprises, a part and parcel ot the underground raiiruadscheme, by wbicfi negroes are enticeu ajray, or stolenfrom the staveholdlng States of the Union. in violation o f It^8 a'block of land six miles in length, along the govern- scheme. The principal man in the Dawn institution at its somewhat poor buildings, but conducted by competent thelawandtheconstitution,andplacedundertheprotec- ment road to.Sandwich, andthree miles in width. inceptionwas anoldmulatto ofthe nameof JohnC. coloredteachers,ofahalfbreed. One isnamedAaron tion of a neighboriag foreign government, b y winch an-,. The purchase comprises in all nine thousand acres, and Brown, who has been for many years a resident of CanaBuxton settlement i s aboutsouth of Chatham, and about three miles from lake Erie.would permit by her skirts, gave to her the singular ap- pearancewhichhadatfirstexcitedmycuriosity.were paid for and deeded over to the original settlers, someofwhomarestillresidents there. Tbe balanceof the land revertedto tbe Canada Company.sessed value of £200, or yearly value of £20, in a town- ship,parish, orplace. Thequalification ofa voterfor any municipal or other office is the ownership, tenancytwelvefourteenmileswholeThere are two schools for colored children in the place,o r•SOSsfeUtowns***therearesenseahULT"***ai__1- am — »«•" —-' ••^ ^ ^ ^ » . but eesnpnrn- others, has been used as a sort of store and tavern, but is the settlement, a n d a prominent abolition agent, clothing of the children. 'almost universal suffrage. Tbe negroes who settle on of life, and advancing themselves intellectually, aociallr aadlandsontbeDawn, Elgin,or RefogeeHome Associations politically. But. alas tar human nature Iftbe nearo m reallyfittedbytheCreatortoenjoyfreedom asweenjoyIt,suffer a negro to remain within the bwdetsoftnV * _ 7 «{ tne "breakings out"' of straw, filthy clothes and o ld obtained $10,000, of which torn $3,000 was from the Le-The settlement which bears this name is located in th e as good voters as the white citizen who owns houses andia^sndotbwBoktiersoftb*waronai2,theiMVMJ aw1having made grants oi: land to them there. " " * -corner o f which stands t h e solitary store I have Lewis.mentioned, and Beyond this is a residence of a better "The money which paid forfthe 1,300 acres of land was to either the'Dawn o r Elgin Association. The land is and tricks and isms to secure tb e capital to be made out people that are here and are brought bare, bat as preaeotio*rwnof Amherttburg, about eighteen miles belowCleveland. ThisisagainasettlementonadiOerentplan negroelement,andtodescendtoallmannerofintrigues TotsisnotsaidinaspiritofmalevolencetowardsthecoloredJohnla^•ScottLtoderg^»il,, *°»Jfoottd ***»*.There areabouttwohundred negroesInthe set-cially of escaped slaves, into tbe province. I t i s difficult There are very few indeed who arrive here with aosacteatfailure, its only fruits havingblacks, and sharp money making tricks o u the part o f some o f the white philanthropists connected with t h eHighgate and the other Mr. Wuipper, and both are fromfortunately the las? and the constitution can '>•• set a t tie- was selected as offering the largest quantity o f land that da, and wbo*e homo is now in Chatham. I received a Western Pennsylvania. A colored clergyman holds out whose operations I have described; but, they are all o f afiance It offers. Or professes to offer, a premium to .slaves could b e procured in that locality in o n e body. over the market place to an Episcopal congregation, andtoescapefromtheSouthandflytotheCant!*borders, nnd thus aids Indirectly, if not directly, in the systematic negro stealing of the North.There are, in met, two separate organization? o f the Underground Raihtoad kind in existence—the old, Tappan nod Gerrit Smith organisation, and' one 01 more recent date, in wUch the New York-JViia*.' holtfci a prominent position l i t e headquarters of the former are at 48 Beek- man street, New York, and Messrs. Tappan and Josceiyn, whites, and Charles B. Ray, a colored preacher, are the*< resident dtrectoiB," The office o f the otber is at N'o. 5 TWfrw>»« street, and William H. Leonard and Sidney Gay, of the Tritmme, are the men who '-run the machine A a s - sisted by tbe other editors of air. Greeley's paper Itegu- lnr books o f subscription are opened in New York and Other cities, and' the names enrolled m them reoresectThelotsarelaidoutinsquares,andm,frontofthem narrationoftherise,progressanddecayofthusettlebeen quarrelsbetween t h eand three or four months after Mr. Fuller's f W * * received a letter from bim, informing m e t b a t b e b a d raisedM.TS*toEnglandforthe relief ofour peopto OfSey, had contributed a like sum " - - *•»' 1 ney, naa CUBU-IBUWU > u>i <»u—.itbisown,sndJealousyofMr.Foller'Bmissionwasex-The first settler went onto the land ten years ago. H e pressed on all bands Some wanted clothing, some went any of them Is sufficient. The Windsor Castle, whichis a full blooded negro, and lis wife is as blac* as the Queen o f Spades. The man's name is Rtiey, P*°*"»|y « ; rived from his former owner, nnd he escaped from w r yfor building churches, and a very few favored the pur-chase of land. I expressed to Mr. F. my opinion in favoror founding a manual labor school, planting negroes onlooks at much like a eastie as tike a cow, to the best of these houses, a compliment at which any sensible landlord would grow indignant. There are a dozen saloons o rbe purchased for the settlement, and the Chatham folksbad enjoyed a sufficient experience in the runaway negrolinetodesirethatno additional inducements shouldbeoffered to fugitives from the States to flock to their vicinity. heap outside the house, instead o f inside. The sleeping ed. They, were, J. C. Fuller, white; Rev. J. Roar, white, subscription, and provision i s made for the formation o f been stolen. The fact was pceneoted iu the return of theSeveral indignation meetings were held to protest againstthe project, and when it was finally about t o be prac-apartment is above, instead o f in n corner of the lower the Congregational minister at Toronto; Frederick stone,room, which Is generally the case. of Norwich, white; George Johnson, o f Dawn, colored; Robinson, like h i s neighbor Riley, is an escaped slave Peter B . Smith, colored, and myself. Hiram Wilson,Grand Jury of the county, aad some twelve negro families, %other societies auxiliary to this. men, women snd children, weft1 committed to jail on theThe society was established i n 1S62, snd its directors charge of sheep stealing. Tbe oases of petit larceny are\sarily accumulate In such housekeeping. Some pictures are o n the walls and n clean cover on the table. T h e floor iswell swept,and theyellowcorn ispilednpinaLondon, and it was resolved to purchase with Fuller's money a tract of land and establish a manual labor school forcoloredpeople. Aboard ofsixtrusteeswasappoint-than one-fourth of the whole population.In t h e township o f Anderdon, Essex county, this fall,residentsoftheneighborhood,whosepropertywastobefromMissouri.HewasownedinBoonecounty,nndranwhite;JosiahBenson,colored,andJ.Shelby,colored,aremixedAmericanandCanadian.Thelandownedbyincrediblynumerousineverytownshipcontainingnegrorailroad, under the erroneous bhllef that tbey are doing a sway about ten years ago. He struckfor the North andcharitable and Christian act, while in fact every dollar stricken down to half its former value by this advent of had several narrow escapes o f being captured. He waswere appointed a committee to select a traot of land o n settlements, and it is a fact that frequently the criminal which to establish the proposed institution. Tbey fixed the association i s about two thousand acres, principally calendars would be bare of a prosecution; but for tbe ne-darkies, declared their determination to resort to violence,ifnecessary,inordertoprevent Mr.Kingandhisblacksfromtakingpossessionofthelands. Iaminformedthaton th e night h e was expected to arrive, these men ning down a steep embankment, got into the woods.startles the community, and is almost invariably attended Some idea of the shrewdness and unscrupulousness of stationed themselves a t the corner of the road where it Here h e w a s hunted fo r some days, b u t b y moved on io it. Tney started with a manual labor school, are sold subject to pretty stringent regulations. >The price by a savage ferocity peculiar to t h e vicious negro. If aturns up t o the settlement, armed with rilles, and pre- good luck evaded h i s pursuers. H i s wife, w h o with seventy persons. The rule was, four hours work paid by the company was about two dollars per acre, and murder is committed by a black, it is generally of an agthe speculators engaged in this business may be afforded paredto shoot him down had b e made his appearance. was also a slave, escaped some years since fromby the exposure of a trick, now practised week after He was, however, accidentally detained, and the lawless Kentucky, by the aid of some Ohio abolitionists.The Rev. M r . Rennie, with a l l h i s desire to see theevery day on tbe land, and the balance of working hours gravated and brutal nature. The offence of rape is ua-lost a friend wbo could never be replaced. She was a carry out, and by the rules of the association the property from assault, and those who were rearing daughters in motherandateachertothemall. tbatpartofCanadamightwelltrembleatthedaagefby"Fromthetimeofherdeaththeinstitutionbeganto revertsincaseofdefalcation,thevacationofthelaud wbicbtheyarethreatened.Hetoldmethatbenerernaws sink. From a prosperous condition It commenced gradu- or the extinction o f families. T h e latter i s b y n o really brutal look on the human face until h e beheld the ally to decline, until now it is n total failure. The Trus- countenances of the negroes charged with the crime ofYork;themencomposingthisgangarerepresentedas the lateGovernorGeneralofCanadawiththemove-fugitivesfromslavery;butithasbeenrumored ment,andIbelieveitsprojectorswerenotunresultinrallure.Thenegroes,hehasdiscovered,arewilling t o suffer t h e impression to g o forth that really unfit to provide for themselves. They seem, as he that at times, whenrunawaysairescarceandmoney Lord Elgin actuallywasapatron of their scheme. says,torequireaguidinganddirectinghand,andtobe needed,anyidleniggerIshiredtopassasan Theoppositionofthewhite residents,whichhas entirelydeficientinforethoughtandsettledpurpose.Theescaped slave. These men are exhibited to the charitable not by any means died away even at this time, manifested men who ars in health no sooner find the warm weather Itself when the lato Governor General visited Chatham. at hand than they leave their homes to "workout," is Sew Yorkbytneagent ofthe underground railroad, Veryfewpersons called upon him topaytheirrespects, eitherasbarbers, or boot blacks,or waiters,orinanymeans a rare occurrence ; for want, andcoldand rape. Whenthelust comes over them theyare worse andastoryistoldoftheirsufferingsontheroad,oftheirandsomarkedwastheneglectthatheInquireditscause.otherpositionthatmayofferonboardasteamboatorteesbadappointedJosiahHensonandGeorgeCareytore-vagrancymakesicknessanddeathcommonamongthanthewildbeastoftheforest.Lastyear,tobroadpresent destitution, and of (he lack o f funds to help them onwardontheirJourneyto a"landoffreedom." Itis seldom that this appeal fails, and a snug sum is gene-These men I regard as unfortunate in management, if not as viciousanddishonestmen.TheTrusteesbecametiredofthe affair, and a man named John Scobell, an English abo-be chopped or removed until after the first payment shall bemadeontheland;that nodwellingshall beerected lesa than ten feet high or containing less than two rooms,tained st that " depot,'' and again put to practical use as nmeansofraising money. Therespectablecolored agent of the underground railroad In that city once moreScobell as soon as 1 saw him. One year before this 800 been in operation seven years, only one person has r e - now common crimes without a shudder.When informed that it was o n account of his supposed in a hotel. This is a t the very season when tbey couldport each year on the financial condition of the enterprise. the negroes. Tbe by-laws require that n o timber shall daylight, a respectable white woman, while walking totheir sufferings, their destitution, and t h e lack o f upon t h e charitable b y the involuntary and voluntary casions so much sickness, and i s making consumption someans t o help them into Canada, is repeated, and an- support of the pauper negroes Imported from the States, fatal a disease among the black population of Canada. I n - people that be would carry out the requirements of the fulfilment. Indeed, there is some question, I believe, a s pear anxious to avail themselves of school privileges a s aof the "poor fugitives." and the cash of the credulous lieved that while holding out additional inducements to the mill for the six years he has been in possession have tbefugitiveMackstocongregatein tbeneighborhoodof herealizeswillonlyservetoprolong itsexistence afew neverbeenaccountedfor. Asubsequentpurchasebadbeen flows into t h e pockets o f these underground railroad Chatham, it would prove a failure so far as the improve- years, and may eventually add to the profits of those who made of two hundred acres, in addition to the original lot."Providedalwaysandtheseprcsent areupontheex- allowtheirchildrentoattendtheseinstitutions, and seat press condition that t h e said Thomas shall n o t sell, ex- them to the schools for whites. They were not admitted,speculators,andremainsthere. The"poorfugitive"re- ceive* Just sufficient to keep body and soul together, until he lands in Canada a half clad beggar.The underground railroad is not always worked underhavespeculatedintheland. Itisprobable, however, that the money he raises will rather b e Invested in run- ning off more slaves from t h e South than i n building chuasttes and schoolhouses in a decaying settlement. A tten pounds each, to the amount of five thousand pounds,and the act of incorporation, passed on the 10th of August,1850, gave them power to purchase nine thousand acres in the strongest light. H e is reported in th e Bdinbugh I have given Mr. Brown's story as told to me, because of the Crown or Clergy Reserve iAuds, in t h e township Witness of November the 18tb to have stated that at the it is evidence direct from a negro of the unfitness of h i schange, convey or assure t b e said land and premises, or any part thereof, to any person or persons whomsoever, within, the period of four years from t h e date hereof. And further, that he, the said Thomas, shall not sell, ex- change, convey or assure the said land or premises, or any part thereof, to any person o r persons whomsoever, save to a refugee from American slavery. And it is here- by expressly agreed and declared that immediately upon the breach of either of the above conditions, tbe said land and premises shall become forfeited, and shall revert un- conditionally to the said parties of the first part."It will thus be seen that t h e society keeps a keen eyeand two of tbe black residents, named Jones and Green, tested the question at law, to try whether the trustees o r teachers bad a right to exclude their children. It was de- cided tbat the trustees had such power, when separata schools were provided for colored persons.its true name.of a n alias, and th e money collected for its objecti sseriouslydepreciatedi na l lIts character is often concealed by meansobject of which Is to secure homesteads for the fugitive hlack:—terest p e r annum upon t h e stock subscribed." As, however , t h e amount "sufficient f o r t h e expenses of the corporation" is an indefinite sum, i t can readily be seen that quite a snug land speculation mightupon his audience.It may be set down then as certain, that the Elgin Asso-its vicinity, and with very f e w exceptions they are in a deplorably vicious and suffering condition.British Abolition Land Association i s i n effect, i f n o tdirectly, a part and parcel o f the Underground Railroad.as charged by the Detroit Free Prat; for it offers specialinducementstoslavesoftheUnitedStatestoescapefrom chases,wheretheyhaahappenedtobuyinthemidstof the South to the British possessions in Canada It will bementoftheracewasconcerned,andtherefore madeall the opposition in their power.Ofthislastpurchase,twentyacreshadbeenresoldto Hiram Wilson. and eighty acres deeded to Josiah Henson. The Dawn Institute, therefore, has three hundred acres ofThe Association of Stockholders was formally made a tToronto in 1849. The stock was divided into shares o f the public meetings in Edinburgh and elsewhere, at which far ss the original intention of the founders is concerned,obtained under false representations. "Colored schools," of Raleigh, in the county o f Kent, and to sell the same in time o f t h e passage o f t h e Fugitive Slave l a w race at the present time t o enjoy freedom, o f the utter nnd ' H o m e s , " and "Missions," are nearly all of them the lots to "colored families resident in Canada of good mora! in t h e 1'nltod States, thirty thousand fugitive slaves hopelessness o f making t b e escaped fugitives self sup- underground railroad under a mask. A leading paper in character." There is a provision in t h e a c t which re- found their way into Canada, nearly all o f them In a do porting, and o f the sharp practice o f the professionalciation, incorporated "for this settlement and moral im-depotin(hitpartu/\thecountryoftheI'mitryraumlRaHroaJL beatthebottomofthisgrandschemeofphilanthropy. proventoftbecoloredpopulationofCanada,"hasentirely ThetownofChatham,Kentcounty,issituatedothdheup their lots, and since then the value of the property has been much depressed In several instances Mr. Macdon- cel paid premiums to the negroes to give up their pur-Thew-iety it nothing more nor let* than the grand rereMttaTHE NEGROES IN AND ABOUT CHATHAM.Mr. King has begged donations from the charitable, hia appeal has always set forth the claims of tbe fugitive slaveis a total failure."That propertyneighborhoods to which the negroes settle is a well knownfact. Mr. S. S . Macdonncl,a resident of Windsor, aad a gentleman o f high social and political position, w t h e r owner of a large amount of real estate in that place. T h e Bowyerfarm,alargetractoflandbelongingtohim.was partitioned into lots some f e w years since, andsold at auction. Some of the lots were bid to by negroesquires that the price fixed by the Dinctors or the Society based and Ignorant condition. H e also stated that up- philanthropists who make a trade o f affection f o r t h eDetroit, the Free firest, recently made the following expo- for the lands "shall not exceed the, prices paid the g o - wards of one thousand escaped slaves were settled upon blacks. The Dawn, or Dresden settlement, bears out b y on tbe profits o f reversions, which are likely to com- sitionOfthereelcharacterofanassotiationinthatcity,vernmenttoanygreateramountthanissmiici'.-sttortbetbelandsatBuxton,butitwouldaupaarthathisfigure*itspresentappearanceallthatBrownasserts.Therearepensateeventuallyfortheslowpaymentreceivedfromofmeans,amongothers,byamulattonamedDeBaptiste,known t s "The Refugee's Home Society," the ostensible expense o r said corporation, a n d s i x p e r cent i n - are somewhat exaggerated, probiblylfor the Sake of etfecV now two or three thousand blacks in tbe settlement andthe settlers residing in Detroit. A s soon a s t h e white purchasers It i s evident from i t s character that this American- found that negroes were among t h e buyers, $bey threwIndeed, the sale of the land at the settled rate (two dol- failed in,accomplishing its object It hs<s s»'rioush/ deprclars and a half per acre), which is, I believe, just double dated the value of property in its vicinity, ha? driven out all Great Western Railway, between London and Windsor.the price paid to the government, would alone realize t h e the best portion of the white population, and has congrega- It i s a rambling, dirty place, as most Canadian towns o f of Y ankee shrewdness. Not only are the land purchasessnug surplus of $11,260, without taking into t b e calcula- ted together a colony of blacks wbo are incapable o" work- its size are, but is a little more dingy looking than ordina- society Themembersofitdoubtlessholdthatthe7aredoing tionthe"reversions"oflotsbytbedeathofthepur ingtheirlandtoadvantage,andwhoarclikelytoeventualTne General Agent, Rev. O. C. Foote. baa been notoriouslyfor years one of the main active ontoers of this Una oi communica- tion between the South and this frontier.seen also that as a speculation it is not entirely destitutewhite citizens. At a subsequent sale of another property, cut up into very fine building lots, by the same gentle- man, one of the conditions o f sals announced was, that / no bid should be received from colored persons De Bap-We do not design here to discuss the ethical question of thislikely to eventually yield a good profit, but year after yeartbesociety,inthegarbofcharityandphilanthropy,goesbegging abroad and never returns without well filled tiste attended and bid to a lot. When h is b id was r e -God's service when they aid and abet the larceny of negroesfium their owners 1* the South, just as oid Brown held that bewas doing God's servtce_when b e stole horses as well as ne-groes from slaveholders in Missouri, and sold the former in add considerably to the prospective profits of the specula Cleveland and delivered the latter to tne Refugee Home So-ly BoflV'r extermination at the hands of that tcrribiescourge, ry, on account o f the character of its population. Overconsumption. one-fourthofitspopulationarenegroes,andoverthree-chaser,hi*failuretofulfll hiscontract,orhisremoval from the settlement after making improvements whichfused,heendeavoredtobreak uptheaucton inarow,1 may ada that the crops for the past three years have fourths of these negroes are worthless idlers. They hang been failures, as indeed it seems probable they generallymust b e . Buckwheat, corn and potatoes were planted over the place like a black cloud, and have checked i t spockets. The Rev. C. C . Foote, o f Canada, the General by the aid of other negroes, and failing in this, brought anruinous extent. A few years since. Chatham was a brightrectors of tbe " Refugee's Home" deny that their ass»vci- illustrate the Impudent assumption of the black, a s soon ation is actually the grand western depot o f the under-am specking o f the colored populationMOn Mr-' Fuller's return,for school. In three or four years nearly one hundred their sales arc made according to the valne of the tote,connection with the Elgin Association, he disclaimed hav-ingtaitenanypartinitsformationorhavinghadanysympathv with it, and professed entire ignorance of the con-siderationsthathadinducedtheprojectorstoadopthis earnalittlemoneywithouthardwork.Theyreturnto litionist,whoprofessedgreatfeelingforthenegroand andthatnoliquorshallbemanufacturedorsoldontheing aione to a wagon, wasstopped byamost profitably labor o n their land; but their sole ambi- tionseems tobetoobtainsomelightemploymentwhere no thought of the morrow is needed, and where tbey canthe public road within the town o f Chatham, was knock- eddownbyablacksavageandviolated. Thisyear,near Windsor, t h e wife o t a wealthy farmer, while driv-rally collected In Xew York to assist the flight o f the fugi- name as the title o f their association. their families in the winter, and lay idle s o long as the the ability to do great things with the institution, per- settlement. Any violation of these regulations forfeits ail negro in broad daylight, dragged o u t into tive to Canada. But•* BOcn u t h e 8 e P°°r te"° **> B^ia* The professed object o f the experiment was to ascer- little money they have saved will last. This gone, they suaded three or four of them to assign their trust into his claim of the settler to his lot tbe road, a n d criminally assaulted to a most inhuman Boswiftlyfromoppression,reachAlbany,theyarede-tainbytrialwhetherthenegroracecouldbemadeself-godiscontentedlytochoppingwood,orburningtorashes,hands.Irefusedtogiveupmytrust,forIsuspectedItisanoticeablefactthat,althoughthesocietyhasmanner.Itwasimpossibletoheartherecitalofthesesupporting a s their own masters and a s proprietors of and year after year their lots present the same desolate,farms, without any person to guide o r control them;whether,infact,tnecoloredpopulationofCanadawasnotfit to be placed on an equality socially, as by tbe lawsof Great Britain they are politically, with the white citi-parades them amongst the charitable—the same tale of zens. The great burden Imposed upon taxpayers and and good shoes. It is the lack of these, probably, that oc-and the pressing need of some movement that would r e - deed, it is very evident that the Elgin Association to a dead declaration of trust, by working them lour hours a day to the validity of the title given by the society. The deed general rule. The worse class of blacks are too poor and othercontributionisextortedfromthosewhoareinclined move themoral evil ofthe idle, dissipated, thieving failure,andthattheexperimentof aselfsupporting colo- andeducatingthem thebalance ;butimmediatelyhegot Ihavealludedtoisgranted to a negro named Thomas, tooindolenttoclothe their children in tbewinter, andto credit the story. Prom Albany the " property" is black from th e community, appeared to offer nization of escaped slaves is doomed to b e unsuccessful. possession he broke his pledge. H e has since that time and is signed by Horace Hallock and Bs.C. Walker, of their services are wanted at home in th e summer. T h efrequently transported to Troy, andthere, and at sufficient considerations for the undertaking; but Theobject oftheRev. Mr. Kings visitto Europe isto cut hundreds of cords ofwoodani shipped ittoDe- Detroit,astrustees. Itcontains many Stringent condi betterclassaffectairsassoonas they become tolerably many who thoroughly understood t h e negro character, raise funds by charity to sustain h i s fading colony; but troit. T h e best timber o n t b e land h a s been tions, crippling to the interest of the purchaser, amongst well to do, and jefuse to send their little ones to any b a t every city thence to the Canada line, the same use is made and who knew t h e impracticability o f the scheme, b e - even if he is as successful as be can wish to be, the money carried away, and tbe rents received, and t h e profits o f which is the following:— white schools. In Windsor there are two public colored schools, but the negroes of that place choose to refase towild appearance, sad their payments far tbe land are seldommetThe fugitive 1laves go into Canada as beggars, and the massofthemcommitlarcenyandlayinJailuntilthey become lowered and debased, and ready for worse crimes.Mr. Rennie Informs me that the negroes o n too settle- ment suffer terribly in the winter for the want of clothingAs the company claim to have over eighty old settlersb u l l colored population o f Chatham as aroads, or apologies therefor, are cut through the forest. ment from him, and, as the Btory iB interesting, I will re- there is a colored Baptistand a colored Methodist preacher require notice. They are small, and invariably sunk in Fssex, has becme a matter for serious coosfideratioa to theThe land was a ll bush land when purchased, with the peat it in the language o f my informant — besides, with their appropriate places o f worship. T h e poverty. They seem to have sprung up mainly around landed proprietorsto those counties, both as it effects the valueexception of a few lot3 on t h e roadside, which were pre- schools are not well attended in- the winter, andaUeabUitvofrealestate.,and aarenderingthe localityass viously in the possession of whites, and a large projiortion THE OTOKY OF OLD BROWN—NOT 08SAWATOM1E. for t h e reason that t h e children have n o t some charitable donation o f land, to which the idle ne- undesirable place of abodesufficient clothes t o cover them, while shoes groes flock a s blue flies> to a sugar barrel. Whereverof which were sold to the association at a great sacrificeby the original settlers, who were unwilling to remain ina negro nest. The land is low and level, and t h e soil a in Canada now living. I came from Cincinnati, in 1829, as watchmaker—a yellow man—in the town, two mahogany and t h e white residents either dispose o f their land as tbe Iiawn and Kigin Institutes and the Ketu*ee Home Societrheavy, stiff clay, very difficult to work, and not likely ever to prove very productive.A drive of two hours from Chatham over the snow, which lay thick enough o n the grouud to cover the irre- gularities of an otherwise rough road, brought me to the settlement. After turning up from the main, into whatPresident o f the Cincinnati Colonization Society. There colored cabinet makers, several black blacksmiths, and at a sacrifice, o r bear t h e annoyance o f been annually introduced into tbe** t Ao'couBtlea no settlersany number o f low grocery and grogshop keepers o f idle a n d dishonest neighbors. T h e better class trom tbe old country, from the States, or from the lisstem nartdescription. near i s o f black stragglers all along the road; men, women aud children,the States to Canada—that i» to say, I was half free iuthe world.appearancesubsequently returned to Cincinnati and fetched o u t four who gave him every opportunity to purchase his freedom, NADA. achieved tbe clearing o f the land that years u o v u n t O khundred and sixty negro emigrants, amongst whom wiere which be accomplished. He has a daughter in Chatham In order to fully understand the sentiments of the white upon B8v wish to extend his possessions for uie sake ofhai married to a mulatto named James Hausbrow. She is a sons who are growing up ly tbe acquisition of an alj^mingora great many fugitives. W e went t o Sandusky, where line, intelligent woman, and the mother o f six or eight residents In Canada with regard to t h e influx o f negroes neighboring piece of wild land, but seldom or never is the uaw"Iamoreoftheoldest,ifnottheoldest,coloredsettlerarealuxuryalmostunknowntothem. Thereisacolored thesenestscongregatedecayfallsupontheneighborhood,were then only throe colored men living in Toronto. O n e the same hue. A colored constable shows his authority of them was Darned J. T. Butler, and h e returned to the about the market place, and the town o f Raleigh sends a colored representative to the Council, while Brown himof negroes, i t i s observed, invariably avoidthese settlements, and endeavor t o locate themselvesof Canada, have taken up lands there. And dure la everv reason to assign the iact pf there being a laxsjecoiored pooulav- tjoo. and that population constantly o n the increase a * tawStates and died in Albany some years ago. They had all self, my Dawn settlement informant, ran for a similar posi apart from their colored brethren. There are some thus cbief cause why these co'intie- do not draw a portion 'at ' of the manv seeking Western bomea ^^ of them escaped from slavery. I believo I w a s tion, and came within three votes o f an election. Brown, situated in Essex county, who are good, industrious citi Kent and Essex have beenjustlv stvled "the Garden of Cnis called the "centre" road, the country appears wild and the u r n free colored rdau that ever came from by the way, who is a well informed man, was born a t zens, and wbo make their way well and prosperously in per Canada" lhe sod in most parts of the counties cannot h*unpromising for six miles. There are but few bouses o nHarper's Ferry, a free man. He was kidnapjied and soldexcelled in richness and fenditv, »nd the climate is miM . ~ t delightful. There are thousands of acres open for sale a t a moderate price, but it now seldom happens that a lot of wild"Tbe so:iety I represented contracted with the Canadaway of their fingers. Now and then a black horseman i s Land Company for the purchase of twenty thousand acres ing. A citizen remarked t o m e in conversation, "They bear in mind the political position which t h e black man existence of a large colored popoiatton In Kentand -—are flowing in here, untill the whites are territied at the occupies there. The laws make n o distinction between lias pr« vented many white settlers from locaUnr thereiwan of land, to b e called th e "Wilbcrforcc settlement. T h e inundation/' And well they may be; for their property whites and blacks, and tbe greasy African, very little re- otherwise would have made a home in one of those countkaa-to be seen making headway for the same place. Once, asI drove along the road, a singular figure appeared in thedistance before me, and s e t my imagination puzzling, a sit approached, to tell what was its precise character. Itwas all dark as a black cloud, and looked something likenhorsewithawellfilledsackuponitsbackandacoupleof wings flapping away a t either side. Upon a nearerapproach I found it to b e a little black Canadianpony, bearing a big black negress, in a loose,slovenly blnok drees, with a black shawltied round her bead. A s she was riding man fashion,with an entire independence o f man's more convenienthabiliments, her feet nearly touching the ground and floppingupanddown,coveredonlyasmuchasthesituationsucceededintakingupthirteenhundredacres,whichMissMooreforthepurpose,sndberbrother,Dr.Moore,tbeyearlyvalueof£30.inacityortown,andoftheas- Thereisundoubtedlybardlvawellthlnklna-'oenion>in.Canada Company bought tbe government lands, with theexception of the clergy reserve lands, at the tlmt of thebattle of Waterloo, for twenty five cents a n acre. Their evidence of the sort of neighbors with which the under- cation required by the statute for a voter. Of late yearsand. secondly, that in particular instances n eonatentlv acrani that the sale of a lot of land is injuriously affectodby reason nf the near settlement of colored people. "Buffers more and more as the number of blacks increases, while the crowd of colored prisoners to the jail affordsmoved from a savage, has equal political privileges with the educated European, provided be possesses the qualifi-groundrailroadfurnishesthem.Next, a s to tb e genera] feeling o f th eand fanners who five inthemidstofthaiuonulat All regard it with dissatisfaction, and with a forebodtoT-deedsareasgoodascrowndeeds. Weweretoptysevenshillings and six pence an acre for our purchase, i n tenyearly payments, and at tbe end of that time to receiveour deeds. The tract was located fifteen miles northwest which a number o f negroes have gathered, is a school, to citizenship. The qualification o f a voter for a member noxious and bad, aad who have to make a commencement h m ofLondon,andnowtheGrandTrunkRailwayruns foundedbyaMissMoore,oiPhiladelphia,fortheeduca- ofParliamentistheownership,tenancyoroccupancyof tntbedevelopementoftheirbetteriiature^sasuStherlS?*b ow potBtto throughitscentre.Wefailedinourpayments,andonlytionofcoloredchildren.Asumormoneywasleftbyrealpropertyoftbeasiessedvalueof£300,orofT****'!?TM?**"?&5f,J**_ '^theaumauexcludethem, InMarssnandResnnoytheswas*.win -«, BOWlying idle. Tbeabsence ofwindow glass,so ob- named Israel Lewis, undertook to gather snbscrii servableinnegrodwellings,nndthediversifiedcharacter tionsamongstbisfriends in tbe StatesandCanada. Hebe, that have been long exercised, are not to be suddenly bro- •hips orer night. These places are settled prmcip.,1,. w_ bale, with Which negro casements are always afflicted, is gislature o f Ohio, and then putting into practice t h e townshipof Shrewsbury, about fifteen miles from Chat lands. There are political demagogues in Canada as well ken or changed; aad the slave who was idle, aad lying, aadthe first distinctive feature of the settlement that strikes theory that charity begins a t borne, absconded with thievish in the South, will not obtain opposite qualities forth- astrangerseye.Thereisacrossroad,ononethewholeamount.WeneversawanymoreofMr.Israel ham,ontheborderoftbelake.Itisaboutopposite asintheStates,whoarereadytoavailthemselvesofthe withbycrossingtbelinethatmakeshimfree.r, on the Detroit river, is to the townshipof ntaJ- ***»etor thankbe rest, which IB occupied b y t b e Rev. sent out from Zenia, Ohio A friend, named Stanton, of it. Here, at present, such men must confine them- <W.r esse as it really ia, and a s explaining the poatuon to,aadisone«f the oldest settlements in that part o f •jNlClng. u stands back from the road some two hun- came out, and brought us $1,200 that bad been raised in owned by the government, and a s an experiment was which residents of tbe«e counties are placed, or will be placed,IIwanlaidoutasntownin1797,andwasset-SU**'endisnlongstoryandahalflogcabin,withthatplace.OfcoursethisWilberforcesettlementwasaleasedtonegroesatasmallrentalinlots.ThisalsowasselvestostirringnpfanaticsbyfreedomshriekingandtheifthiscontinuousbowfromtheslaveStatesispouredtoby means of the organizations and societies formed tor that pur- tled by families who, at the cession o f Detroit, chose to ^ ^ wtodownm tbe roof, and a covered porch or pias- failure. About this time a white man, named Hiram a failure, for the settlers, unable to work their land a t a agitation o f "irrepressibleconflict' heresies; there, they pose in many of the Northern States of America, and fostered•0 orerto toe Canadian side of the river. Seme years Se'S*?*."^* the entire fron- A swing gate opens toWilson, came to Canada to do what he could to assist t h e coloredpeoplealreadyhere,andtolayplanswiththe Canadiansfor rescuing:more slavesfrom bondage and bringing them over. He » a strictly honest and humanehave the additional advantage of securing the black man's vote.'Itwill beunderstood, therefore, that in the countiesofKentandEssex,whorethenegroes siresiyand aided by many indiscreet men in our own country.Themainargumentinfav•»rofthefreeschoolsystemlathat itIsabeneiKtoalltobe•orronndedbyanintelligentaadmo- ral community, aad for such a Dentin every property aoataragontractofhmd,abouttwelvemilesfrom Assherst- burg. was purohnsed by some benevolent Quakers for the^c ••*._amithereia. carriagedrive""•"th*i"1"" S o u V J i l i S * •• • carriage drive n p t o the house,profit,soughtallotbermeansofliving,andsoon became miserably destitute. They suffer much in the winter, for their principal occupation is fishing, shooting and cutting«B^7fl££?^?.l,u4,«*y baprettyenoughin the sea ester settlement. The object was to raise loebttikitoiBi^l^***- At each side o f the gate a r e> of suppling fugitive slaves upon it. It is knownactually hold t h e balance o f power, to some places should be glad to contribute his <<uoia. I s there, then, any man at heart, bat weak in judgment. I was then keep- woodfor boats, by which they get only a pittance. O n e casting onfe-fourih o f the vote, a large proportion o f the need of asking the question, tf the people at these counties de- ing a grocery to Toronto, and my place was the station to man who resides there is said to be one hundred and thir- white cihwsns, snd especially those wbo are actively e n sire the sort of population that comes to them from the South-0 1 1 0 t n % l i f o l 0 d S t tohuddaschool,and tosupport the oe- to the »ssa^ema^JS"fc* k * ** Bn, portrr by their own labor aad partly by charity. er>u>crntio awMaauS! "J**0* npon it something o f anwhich fugitive slaves were sent from the States. Tbey ern StatM?oBi tbe cburcn d w w s s M f o o s d that the Mans* preferred t h e «ha .- '^-7^iiikiti7a?tt^ ^*y *" *were coming in pretty freely, for some good men wore a t teen years old. He had a ramily of tnirteen children, two gaged in public life, are compelled to exercise much cau-work- One of them, named Torry, wbo was afterwards of whom died last Winter, it to believed o f actual starva- tion in expressing their views regarding the social and What their progress in toe aeuutooon of property and know-visited Chatham, and selected the site for the school. Asubstantial buildingwas put np,andtheinterestof thebalance of the money was invested as a fond for payment ofateacher.Theschoolis,however,desertedlrtheoroccupancyofrealpropertyoftheyearlyvalueof£6.ROUND O RETTLKMKNT.without paying a cent of the purchase money or rent, arethe h&btis of mind and of action, however baneful they mayefficient, and 1 hove received from him as many s j thirty-strangetoseeanIntell^entgentle*.^tS^Sttv^ni«Vthreetoonedrove.Battneyallcamethenastheydo meansatonoetoacquireafarm,ortoeaterIntobusinessof0tagappearanceandrefinedjsannsswn?'P***Ptoas- niw,utterlydestitute,andIwasmuchburdenedtosun therearesmallsettlements,ornestsof togetattoereelsentimentsofthewhites,expressedinanv irhui Tk* -~-. —.— ~t faga ^ called paupors. anykind. Thegreatmasso_f m_tLj.->~«..« paupers,alarming aid from tbe societies through whose agency they are by French, and along Mrs. Rennie's countenance when f v ^ S r ^ i w i e « : " go out into the woods with and work at chopping. I pro- in a miserable condition. Negroes are, however, scatter- case the gentlemen with whom I consulted on the aaes- brougbiout. Some of these societie* hold large tracts of land,p i X ;tberiverandohthebar-andIdidnotwonderattoesadTe*prewoB.^w.*,* portthemtemporarilyandtopurchaseaxesjorthemtonegroes,atMewCanaanandBaptistCreek,buttheyareplainEnglish,andhence,whileIdiscoveredthatineverythe centre of the town- that she must indeed miss, in that lonarr an«? r t m a r kposedto Wilson that he should make an effort in the States ed aJ) over the southern part of the county, and.inafewtion deplored the increase o f the negro population a s a n evil, oppressive in itspresent andto bedreadedtoiu future aspect, I yet found their opinions cautiouslv. aadwhich tbey sub divkt* and sell •« new earners upon longtime, but with condition* aa to clearing. issJiluaiia. Ac, that are dim- cnltofobservance. Ibelievethereismuchtroublehicarrv- ingoutthisplan,arisinginsomemeasurefromthe peculiari- ties of negro character—a warn «f constancy o r steadiness of purpose,aawallasfromafeslingofdistrustaatotheirhavlnat' toe land secured to them. If the land is not aarebased from any of these so stones, a parcel of ten or nfteea cetored fami- lies get together sad purchase endWhiie there are awdsnoss of colored men aeeumutating perty here, the great mass of them fall even in securing a l l . m without charity or crime, they have but ltitio IpTstsnugm fordetytowhichshehadevidentlyb*--^-^!•»"»•toobtntoCanada,Mr. Harper, and a Mr. Johnson, a flow dentor, all of New Tsrk, with Mr. Avery, and Mr. Bstm^n lawyer, o f Bo-inotonoea,therearetobefoundfamineswhoarehonestand industrious, and doing tolerably weU. But these are mostly free blacks who have previousttjfefBfVeryfew negroesarethere,andtheinteriorofthe town-snawn are net much settled.- .- — , flgsnasr sUiitsiM Essex t b e towuahjp o f Ra-UerhrunstoLakearte,thatofSentDovertoLakeSt. chester,raisedfundsaudsentovertoWilsonandmyselftaawaf) l^aWiaWalpaUBW sowDaaaawaawjrwawatw^avl*4wSaW«nAs^KiaVsaV XMss*feltthestrict truth ofthe reply, thusband and child, and the sense of duty they.•CBQrhsipreviously been settled i ntheWates.aadwhohave msomecapitalwiththem sometimsseventimorouslyexpressed.They are" trulyintoConsalaTHE KEGROBS IN ESSEX. COtTffT—THE TOWN O FWINDSOR AMD TICrRTTT.Windsor, opposite the city o f Detroit, is a place that hasfelt orohablv more than aav nth*r la (Va*/la «h» KliaKt «#timorously expressedTHE SOCIAL AND MORAL EFFECT OF THE IMFOSTA-TION OF FIGITITE SLAVER INTO CANADA. While, s o w o have BOSS, the British abolitionists i nAn air of• whole place. T h e and dirtyinside. AThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkaro-assistanceforthefugitivesaftertheyreached Hedidso;and^ArtswTsppaa,ItodsevMoore," r,andas nobtoan^mateverHvwl, cameUntitled Document(-.>*•who to not an escaped stove from one o f the States of theUnion. Membership isgained inthesocietybyannual nearly every sheep belongingtothewhitefarmersbanboll got possession, the Free Mission Baptists of the Stateshadtakenboldoftbeinstitution,anditbegantoimprove.The Rev. Mr. Burns, of Toronto, said those were its sunnydays, but Scobell, under an assumed right o f assignmentfrom two trustees, took forcible possession of the land on their lots, it would appear that the requirements of the Nor does there seem at present a prospect o f edusatioa and buildings in opposition to myself. He promised the 1 contract given preliminary to a deed are very difficult o f doing much to bettor their condition, for they d e not ap-land: but it is getting into a deplorable condition, and, soI tion.The management of the institution is nominally vested last year t o meet the deficiency, but without any great growth and broken down tbe value o f property t o a its connection with old (>ssawatomie Brown. A s the di- cidents, together with the attempt o f the Windsor n eceived a deed of bis land, and be is a man who had quite alittleamountofmoneytohispossessionwhenhe purchased.Agent of the society, is a sturdy beggar, and has within a action at law against Mr Macdonnel. This Mr. M. prepared few days past been plying his vocation in Philadelphia andother cities, soliciting aid for the society, and boasting of to defend, but it was never pressed to a trial These inresidence only is now required of an alien to entitle himannual iapouring of a people with whom they hava few o r a n sympathies in common-many of whose characteristic* are oT——ii is certain that ever ajice largo Limbers of fugitive slaves have,bymesneoftheorganuuion knownHereaadin the States as the Underground Railroad, and of sucn sasrrnlUMM 13069www.fultonhistory.com 