 IB penoadad that lU* l«goirih CuoUna baa adapted, oa whielt ahe Is acUof aad wlU eaattaa* toaet,ao loagaitlij GorenuneatdSSSi^n^-*''*^Wl&^^an.I,o.iddj&l«etattenetioftheiSitbtr Unbn,aSpecialCammlttael.^,^ F^BiiatlacdaeiaresOs*Ba wBiv* alHaaBa, aroeHed aaadiag ofatataStedomnol zpMt lo get oot of tbe UnioD and MeompllJh her ob-..--. -^..,..forthwUt •ooldinduceustofraorifiu7l^'^'maT^?>tJSwKySgnedlSt in reference to 11111 oUiardooKBOt check ber by a bolder poUejr.o»o8e them bit Are BBdfWord, if they make thenselvw eiOwr rebels arforelin domaattB IradB, aad°^' bltertd niattoM with theeiaUywbCBthepariKMiato eoBeMttataatBUi"> hethe Oovenaieat, and she has eoncloded to make£!'''J'^!L'''''*'^'°<° Federal OoreinnMBt andttaHa.jeeti peaeeAiUjr.expectsstnig(leforalgaaatlona;debate upon this raaointhn, Mr.was dealgned stnply to directpra-all.l: |, "^«etha lOilii^sliiis. would have donemtUutmof tntg dont, »ii(wr<am arder/rom Uu War Department, as eudden maitvmamejtpUcnbU,la his speech to the largo meeting of cltlzein at iBstltote Hall, ten or tvrtlvedsTS since, the Hod. Mr, Mavnaoaa said that there was nothing Uke being boU aaJ determined in your bearfog towards yoor Mimr. and that It was half tlie battle. The connection Ib wUeh tlie remark was made explained the speak-neterssry. There was no Committee, be said, enunited,moft formidable and powerftil natioi oa tha gtoba.typreparedto " venturemy fortune and life, myprays ibrit by attacking Fon Moultrie to-morrowwouldcm Oom the throViom of an Atiolitlonpeople Govern-absurd andas oneyou of yoor CabiaeteCharleston good generally.necessary, and am not willing in advance to accept It, himself once more Oa be tabllsbing upon;thought of, iKcause imposslMe, in the lace of live hundred soldiers in Ciiarieston harbor.doubt that secession In five States at least is now mei t that has jurisi'icllon over the State of Alabama. journment—the public mind every where. North andpolfcy and measures of your lidisfci feel proud of t'-e bumble place which my name atarIf I were to be asked what course Ito pursue towards South Ca' nlina, under the present dreomstances, and judging from observations on thebut suflering, which by always action ofMay God In Lis save us from a Convention mercyoccupy in its history. If your wise oounaels aad;at this time can scarcely be deemed a desirabletbe kind of raucmlng thatnAAe beUares that with the t'ti help of fie Bt, ahe can wtii. TUs sort of reasonlUK t eoDclaitDns might luTe been forestalled hadit a questioB ygnnvr of dlseosalonpegieBiake(heefartta«btaiBit. Tbewraanafwhtohwa complain are Bot the (bolt of the Con^tatloB or IkaI wouldundeistand that tlio hope with which she is Ila;teriug bilantcovers herself with tbe glory of being alone if she must, in the secondCantral iu hor her interests so, is no fault of yiurs. locality,pot,UEhesit&ti:>gly say,I would make herherself of obtainingcommanding tha harbor, and possibly thereby pre- venting the execution of the revenue iawi, coulJ Barer be reaiizeU and would prove a fatal delusion. I wouldj pursue what South Carolina most bold,vigoions,just,Jacksooiaupolicy. Ifsheknew to-day that come what would, the PresiJentjwoul.l do bis whole duty, and ail the consequences would fail on her, her tone and bearing would be very dilierent from what they now are. fiiuch a policy from the be- glBBiiigwculdhavemorethanhalfacure.Not ail wtio serenade the successful candidates to tbe Convt-ntion, play the same tune. While some ae-cboaea were supported on tQe follow ing platformI. That if elected to the Convention, *' 1 will aivocat-eNorthaffect us to tiie same degree that it is most certainrecoBl It, and our posterity celebrate It, as the causeevery descriptionraspoosililUtyhave to record vours as the lost administration of our present Union, it will also place it side by aide withWith thehers of your Cabhiet, with whom I bave been soipossession of the forts rmJ thus;"iB •• Wait a LitUe Longer." Nearly one-half of thosedecided desire that some action bearing on the crisisshould be taken by our State. The Union sentiment triumphed is the one which for''light to theDouble Quickstep," others most rejoiceJExoyniner that the representingtbe secession of this vacate at the earlienthis fellow citizens to precipitate action.—youto hare awlQi it,be-neoaisarUr on tUe Matloaalnay, juti what aaisepatatioB Implies reconquest- between the Union aud those Slates wMch aeoedc. and In such a war I am for tbe Union and for old Uatstctausetts, and In their cause I ammyoomlng generatlan the;*u dtftaud and thwartedthat ohicoti and hBvlae ohaed tbe doorftom wUehwe bave out of the Union, so that no inaldlous passedderioaaofthe enemy or Msepromties of pieteodedNavlfialiou, and there were several otherTha danger la aa apparent as tha<uighL"City Washington, deaf to sound and blind lo light," wuo any longer never again to retuin while it is the seatof a Govern-acceded to—what then ?A and an ad- disagreementthoughtnegotiate for guaianiees, palaver about cooperation, or entan- ourreives in the meshes of diplomacy, we are aon the ohe hand, and disunion on the other I have said Vlrginfa can save the Union.riolicwarningsbad tieenheeled bypariod, when that seceiaioD can be made Trwat iJfi:CiMl." claimed that South Carolina wasorfears,aprotectionery. A teller Sf staves, htr interest unites her with thepleabest;States. If wefttr your conatryme^ the fourth of Marc^i next would have found our coun-,th* WnioB.pdna^M doastuerlDg.^, ^ bar iMar Statai.aibtt AraU bathe achieved. er^ tanlBf to be, tliat as Carolinians were bold and IV dtUg of Me Ont»tiUiim,/»r a tingle tpr'k, la passiiStak, tbe OoTemment would be yielding and oncsr- laigk The reauik at the time was not deemed a piu-bligktinfamd eUllmg meueiee vpon Ika actum of other BmtkernBION A rOBEOOVI CONCLUSIOK—SlfrrEBINOingseceded,andbeasauredandIt woolid«Nt «•, Mt because it lacked the element offest because it was an UBoecessary showing of hands.ICr. Booasasa maj, if In will, derive good coaoselfaHBthemUUfier^langnage. Thepolleritindicatesfar Sanib Carolina is equally good for the Federal ing from an open and manly attack, use this veil to Oa«en>aieBt It ia hers. It ought lo hare been the hide their de(prmlty, and, from a masked battery, dis-GovefBiBeDt's, and then it would never hare been charge Ibeir missilesMikBooth Carolina to make long reaches Inment, by the election of LisooLS, and yon will otiligeproposeamendment shall be adopted throughabove all others the most 4'csiies, and ne- altogeth.'^rNational Convention, demands would be made foroessarydesigns.It is a blow—a lircd aiidsiiewillhaveit,evenii shepr.^v-okossuppositionpntting wlsdnm,operationdual executives, dual senates, rcslriclionsupm theTo say that I regret,—deeply tUs aeea regret,—to herthe Federal GovernmrnC—that she most wants andattcntpted,result of the Presidentialare election havingdimensions, and so serious in its consequences, that DO cue who thinks and feels rightly is disposed to treat with levity any action connected with it—not evm in South Carolina.Thesoleobjectofmyvisit istopromotethecauseof Seeefsion. I believe much good can be done and evil prevented by the presence of Southern memtiers. The schenrfs of temporizers and Union-saverspointedso because I would have nodoStatetruth,Cbt,Dae.Ixtet Thus,t7aswaggerdidSouthCarolinasecui-e the ofby 2Mh December no flAg but the Palmetto willthe Irat advantage. The Goremmant does not now float over any of South Carolina. parttion not unlike thatexperienced byCHAaus Lahs planof oommerclal men as well as those of the legal pro-wbeie Ihaissusis life orasBd tioepa to Fort Moultrie. South Carolina ays, It only remains for me to lequeet the appointraemtThe debate on tbe question of referring this matterIslington, if the farce were only limited to herself, to the Committee of Federal Relations wai provided in tbe fifth article of the Constitution ba be degrading to myself and u^jn-jt to JfeMC I has*"of a Committee to examine tlie accounts of the Bx-Standingcontinued for seme time, and finally the Chair was directed to appoint the Special Committee called for.ALABAMA.oaeh fbok boh. j. l. puoh.used. Let the of each Slave Staia In- LegislatureaocoMlagiy prepared, and most new a^*- tattaa^We win take Iho Fort beibre tlie troops arrive, if jon move an incii. Tliough Mr. Bcciuniic may be aCBsMe now of Ids mistake, be can reflect on ttie hu-eculive aod to Department,and did not Involve acan happen to onr country.tbe most serious thatan address wblee contaloa the calm and vldiOBs of my heart and jodgtBaat.The mis- take in not having iiie proper numtier of troops nt Fort Houltrie, does not relate wholly to the doubt as to its fate ; it crnsisis in the fact that, the iniitske—if it was a mistake, and nolMng worse—e:nboldeae<lthough gallantmeets, inttead ofproviding a power to destroymiliating fact that he cannot retrieve it.rebellion,My withdrawal has not been oecastoDad by^i^-anda m trked tend strongly to calm down the fiery tendencies of those who farorthing vou have said or done. Wnllst feoaa diferiagand protect them, upon the first indication of a purpose Tiiis to secede. If the demagogues had not relied upon soct^r and treasonous policy would never iiare been assistance and protection from tliis quarter, they would r.ovcr have ventured to arouse tlic people to the point of revolution, by appeals to their passions and prejudices, and by misrepresentations of tbe prin-ciples and purposes of the Republican Party. WitiiBorder States, which.event ofpower to secure the speedy deliverance of the South-manydestiuctlve, which, if acceded to, «ouidBBiPmm^^m^n^r^lft^.' tr-«.«*•thoughwithamoreunworthy purpose, wlio, shrink-emmentwouldberuptured,andUtea the olesrancesof eur vessels would be a matter of tha gravest im- dy all the evhs of which we is all we late Presldeatial -election, the honor and Ba(«& afnrBelieve not too much of this. Her prejudices ot his wiiite associates. About the same dency 18 to propitiate the Administration, wiiirh is time Slavery was abolished in all the French Colo- positionPresident feels the becau!>e I think It will fraught with many ancf big hearth. Hetheobjecttoo willing to be satisfied with fair promic-es. I can nies. These facts might have taught South Carolinat>egins to look with distrustLave it from a good source that he was vlsltad last ness, vithdraical of capital, derangementotherof his head, and that when he came to iumself hein the greatest imaginable agony on account of theassure you that the possession of the Forts iu Clinric 5- ton Harbor is the key-idea of secession, and will notthat she could have little ground to look for aid in her scheir.es of propagating Slavery, to the French Gov-Dans le Soulier qui le blesse,night by Senators Sliceu. and Ovmr, and that they had not Iodh been in conference befo.'-o Mr. BncflARAicbe given up. If any such pro:ai-^s are uia.e. and en.ment. But their faith in tbeNEWPPAPEKielitftheyDisunionists,consequences of anygovernment ;whatever gooa conduct is manifested, the ci.uuiry may thank the energetic and pru'lent ofP.cers of Fort MLUltiie, for Charleston will make almost any proin:-:e to keep troops away from here. If the President Is befooled, or worse, there is no reason whv anybodyof omnipotency KingCotton was unlimitedthat Ul the woild would bow lo his behests. This response of the Emperor Napolbo:^, and tbe still mure emphatic re.«pon.^e of the British Press cannot fail toINDICATIONS. SOU! H CAROLINA.\jIjtjKODi::RiCi^. FSOCKEDINQS OF THE LEOISLATCKE.CoLUXSU, S. C, Saturday, Dec. 6, ifGO.The Senate yesterday was occupied wi:h tho con-sideration of the MiUtari' bill, iu Ccramittcc of the propagandists of Slavery. It is to be hoped that it, aswell as those from the London Times, and other Eng- Whole, and finally got through witii it and ordered it lish papers, will be widely disseminated tlirough themilitary must dopolice regulation—BisoBZB, who has recently returned finom Pike'selse thould be.TheConvention w ere serenaded at Columbia on tiieof the 7th Inst., and Ex-Governor .-VDAna made the following speech. The Mercury, froai which we copy, doesnot Intimate that he was either insane or other- wise disabled from the exercise of common sense;called out This resolution having passed tho Senate, is now a law.The two important biUs Mr. .4llen gave notice of the statenients made in the prescnc of the negroesuy their ma-sters. In every household the slaves heartroopscans ail the advantages which they claim. This the ent Union, tliey are to be admitted. Each eextoB, dropped theirtaking copies In advance of their preseatition.whites amon^ them prevents them from enjoying their A Bill CoproviUe/or the Establishment q/out Foreign freedom. They hear these statements also from pub-DtpUnRary,Laic,and saidtbe-ytconld neverwhisperne*graveipoor degraded white.", whoTo Great Britain, dollarsto Spain, dollars, and to Russia,Ithat is to say:d'. liarsdollars, wh^se teim of oflice "(hall be six yeiry, tinlesa Bosner recalled by the Legislative authority of the State.A Bitl to provuU /or our Coast and Harbor D'-ftTi'.cs Be it enacted by tbe Senate an 1 House jf R^prescula-acuted profitably by scores of bumble imitston." That;lists,"—system of swindling which is nowyoaaorewprDpellerSfOflightdranght,withnec^ssarveri'iip- theyanduieirfamilies are exoosed 00* twentv-four-pound howitzer, and to [.lice 0-1 L;^r.ithe Confederacy there is only one caosa for regiat. ablillv the policy advocated by Hen. A, H. Bnpauraa oomplemfnt of men not ex^ieetling one hundrcl and fifty, icciuding ofBcers and privates, ca-'h to be uri-ier oofniaand of a ildilfui lea-captsin, to be app->iQted by the Gevern'>r, and to hold their ofhcc at hi^ T/i)l, aa i at the rate of compensation now allowed by law to officers and marines of like grade in the Navy of tne t'niced States, and for the said pur^-oee the snm of thgu- saod dollnrs be and the same isawayscabbard,partCh&rles Hotel for morein tbe reading-room of that rstabilshmont, the crowd was assembled as usual, and the Abolitionists were the theme. Becoming excited, one man, said to beand"wh^erstrength from the efforts of so unprincipled a friud.H« Waktid a Pocket.—Our philanthropic friend Beaci, who supports himself with his left handhereby appropriate,!. The news received here from Washington by tele-fApplause.lcurious and developementi of char- most Interestinggraph and mail only tends to exasperate the"NosTH Caoclixa, WedneeJay, Deo. 5, ISCO.;In ten minutes, or less,light.vention,vtntlon would have to "drag" us out of the Union. The memliersof the Legislature are sworn to supportforeignConfederacy.passagea crowd was collected near the burnt spot, end apeopletosince a littlewere taken Humpshlre,raggedbyt-een deseited by the proprietors are makingorto the fact that defray.faiUag aaMpiise trade, means were too nearly exhaust- returned from New-Or- ed to bis expenses hither. In (be oeeeass oftives, now met and sitting in General Assembly, r,ntfBatiiority of the same, that tiie Qoveraor vf tiii,i ->t%tu ishereby empowered to purcha-ie two bubiD::r„-,;J st,-'4m loud complaints on account of the danger to whirhinterestinga Scuthcrn and source, that the Pro-Slaverj-;for there will be no existing"^ '***^ "^9ttt VtB^^fjack gfattftg, /ribttg, fbtttwhtt u, t98» ^^^^^^^^'^"'"^^^"TS?l£r?di»* "*«••!» oOiniwIie *«|W w^^JS^* .'"'»*• **^ '•?»•*" «"*'*'^Ri6ha sare tt tB * "o"' ">*' *>» bnae coBSoiMtaM bf MUeAKoritoaaM oT B-CoBiimibB«»patcletlMi aod love of oOBBtiT^^_of the pwtfiB, Md«a gl«|ltt«k|iMU mUgfatnlBf «iad to atery BoutlHni Stbte.te reio(M tta heart* and e^er Itat droaflaKJ|ilr^or nlllloaa, aax- IcuslyBwal3»«th*tequelt»f.« gwiriarladleMlireraace. We have psogreaed ttai Ay wt—t O8ra and ar*B tread—with oaJmneas and deliberation, b«at with a eoBitancy of porpoee not to be shakeB by dauger or ulTcripg.A mmite p ittse, «r the least vacillation, and all wilt befi tit move ourselves, as tbe best meaiu of effecting both mean war^Maa 1friendscanavail toopen It, (ben, and not till then,»«k aod unite with cooperation,tion 01 clearances was oneshould also be guarded. It would not do to let North-lomay we withcred honor ,» and suchunantmons voice of our When Uie dec stve people.which demanded promptsafetyIt comesto point, New-England will stand by the Union "however bounded" and whoever may be IUHowcanthis be dene ? By an amendment to the Constitution making it the dutg of tact Slate to deliver up on demand, ae-;I tbe Soutbcmother Stalea who have resumed their sovereignly anddirectly upontbemladsoexcited?(are to form a more aod shareern men come Into the State and overthrow oar,tbe mere as.<emb ingof the Ckmventiaa, aad1prepared perfect Union, wlin us a common destiny.Insti-Every sentinel should remain at his post, and notrelax a fibie antll thebat, stt a bsdfwork is fought, glorlius victoryFROMMARYLAND.;pay of ctoren by law, it it the mtt dastgtrout k^raitiamoftkigreat Kreat battle and acompletedrelatingeral Government, were claiming coiuideratlon. There faxbtreorrefusaltotodo,to out its ownStatetkeordaumce ttzesnan, will have a ofcommerce, one of which wonU be the right of clear-our vessels after the Stategentlemen this was the subject of serious ooaildara- llon on the part of the oommerclal men of Charleston.Vessels are now being hurried off,thtm clearancts before the SlaU dtelared herself out efcosts and tapentet mewred efort get Thit would be all we want. Each State would hara toTHE RESIGNATION OF MCSHUit COII. TBI COKBISFOniBSOg.of tbe movement every- where will be encouraged to make another elTort to rally (heir now scattered and disorganized forces, to defeat our actlPB and stay our onward march. Fsaies conquered by <?elay, and there are those of his school,IBTEHBD, AC.adopt for Itself a FogitiTe Slave law,StattM,aai theopponentsBALTIMeBft—LIGISLATtTBE TO BX COV-not be If tha law was resisted or evaded, before long.tbe Stale would the coontr barboringthebut I tru«t they will strike tbe armor of truth and fall bar inlets at our feet, and thatbe State,«ie intalved. .Ber people so regard it, aad la their opinion I fully concur. Tlmy are engaged teaeffectupon Southern opinion,and willdeehrlBea, as well as from ttie hope so earnestly expreaaod that the Umon can vet be preserve'!, there was no praetl-disunion.They have based their hopes of being ableof the Union, on the mistakengun by great Stales of Europe would take them by the hand,a:;ting soiidatirg andof those ing of the faithful. After doing all in ray taxing power, recognition of the right to secede, and ty, but feebly expresses the feeling with whioh I:was to a ask, not, justice, appcLnt Special Conunlttee, composed denied.inform jou that I bave no further communication to make. WH. H. GIST.calami^struct their Senators aodin Congress to present to their respectire HousesatdasiB oaa-COMMENTS OF THE ENGLISH PRESS ON THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.OUR WASBIHOTOSI COBBISPONDKlfOS-Washisotos, Sutiday, Dec, 9, I8S0. Tlifi comments of the English Press upon thelittle SUte, of some 430,000 inhabitants, has considered herself too exalted for association with ber Federal sisters, wewhen itthe Union, take the lead m proposing this amendment. spects from your o<vn. The existence of tUadMki^ By domg so she would be resuming the position all ence would expose me, if I ahoold remalBll my pn*.than to de- scribe the feelinGS of the chivalry on reading the ju-to Ho it? Slie id more interested iuitsany State in It.than tiy happy, prosperous aud united. That It will aot beiuch expectations, it Iseasier toimagine§Ioeomed ButIf Alabama people.perpetuityof theseem to have broken forth in one grand symphonvgratulaiionsnor will the interruption of Southern trade towithin ber limilsoriginally,betagreuDited, after secession, with any non-slavehnld- settled by Frenchmen—by the Huguenots hoping election of Mr. Lihoolm astheI turn with horror from suchhave ever been of tbeBMMt firlaadT aad** t. That 1am nnalterably opposed to South Carolinaplateamust and shall be C.iagStato, under any (onn of government whatever." This assurea tlie right ot private judgment as tothat he might be touched by the misfortunes of a kin- dred people, who applied to him for aid. But policyperKENTUCKY.Central Ckimmlttee ot the Union Party"The Federal Unionwfaieh tt was not prudent to express. Three othersLouisville ou Jan. 8. The call says"We are aware that the notice Is very short, butDIFFICULTIES OF SECESSION. pbactical suggestions of a sensible man.portent office.Cortiially redprocating your sentlmeaSa of |whatever, and go to the the obdurate Emperor gave the ambassadors a cold CoBTention uncommitted. One of these stands the ard peremptory refusal. Whatever might be the per-Sai** favwell eiin btecBiee Mereatlngi— ;iilnatlon to the Legislature,position for a shorter or rope,suffering rec^gieat of oat-iin themeanwhile ail benefits ofwhere will be encouraged to make another effort to rally their nov disorgarized and scattered forces, to defeat 0«r action and to stay our onvrard march."a distingulslied Ei-Senatcr of Maryland, noir intracted country."THE PkESIDENT AND HIS FRIENDS.scallywag of a husbaad sraa^aaea leisutWy irfcagtle hesitation as it felt la abating a feuJai cus- You will have rumors and reports that South Caro- tom in one of the provinces. In I&IS, a man of lina will not resist the collection of the revenue at color was elected to the National Assembly, and took that she promises to lie quiet and to be his rcat among tiie deputies, without exciting theWashington, writlen In the gloomiest tone.Union," he says, "Is going to pieces, and not a hand is raised to save it." Mr. Buchakah has, I fear, neither nerve or will for the occasion. Indeed, the Presi-day before, andtbe quietin it* su'imisaloa toEnglish news of the election of aupon r(K:eiviugPresident in America.the ambitious hopes of King Cotton and his subjects, and I ihall be greatly surprised if it falls to make Slates pau£:a in their career of folly ere it Is too iale.This unanimous voice of the English Press is also in perfect harmony with what I hear from France. It is true, as I am assured on reliable authority, that an appeal was made to the Emperor of the French, on the part of the Secessionists of South Carolina, for countenance and protection in their schemes of break-up the Umon. Tbe secessionof recommending their cause to imperial favor,but our people engaged in mechanical ing about for clothes—hunger, and <ire looking aboutAiaba- be subjected, however, to no such test,knowledged by the United States:and in thai event,givegenerally movingauthorityIt comes asa;mlansfor no e\ eiit in the future isshall have abundant cooperation; and while webe called on to w eep a little over the dead body of thehe eould not promise to recognize them as an inde-the ground tbat this is no time for the exercise of :ups and downs of life which bad foUowad ^Ipated from the French Emperor to an application for,gentlemen propose at once to make ahis assistance In establishing aa main object with which will be, according to theunwillingLegislature, with a viewpursue In these days of peril to our be- loved country every consideration of patriotism de-avowals of itspurposeleading public AfricanSlave-trade.Thenormalenjoylcgtoherfather'shome,ahewassupposedtobatheFrench mind Is that of intense alxiiitionism. In 1793timent, abolished Slavery in St. Domingo with as lit-;only;and they could not doubterned tluir advice, bythe eyes of the Southernthe arrogant boasts on which the Disunionists have built their hopes. Tho article from the London Saturdi;/ Rtvtfw must be pecuilariy galling to theSouth Carolliii stJte nightlong Interviciv wit_h Mr. Sudeu., in the Senate chamberrthis morning, and itopenpeopleto tbe folly ofdelegates_ Black liad a _n_ey-GeneralFrom Mr.Ex-Governor Adai^s said that i-.e prized the honor to l>e reportci to the Senate. The bill Is the amend- South by the friends of Union. They aie admirable just conferred upon blm more highly thati all the hon-give the cause a strioue set ouck, and day by day ^tizline The Lagrange, (Geo.) ft^vjorrtr, which is published the ^mbli.' mirif to sunlit to present e"ils.offwiint,h its aMred la-uncovarad headsment ofl'ered iy Mr. Map.shah,. I send you an ab- stract of tlie debate, there being many points of in- terest.si-nie tiling is taking place ail the passage of the $400,000 resolution to pay the wherever the slaves arc numerous. I alsa lecirn fromLoWKDES, who Of posei the Union, in hiseuoitieiati6 in one short letter, we shall inaugurate a the parties listened to the words of thecondition of succcisive changes of Government thatwill find a in the revolution of Mexico. parallelNo one, 1 suppose, will expect Alabama to remainIn the House a large amount of local business wasprouf'er inscilption than, "Here licsonc who signedtbe Ordiniviice of Sccesiion from that Union." TieAboUttr.m.^ts utre our i/eit frtriuis. Thank Cod for Union the last resort. ttiea andhence separate nation,the publia mind will begraveftes-slaves. No doubt ilietransacted,theonly item of public Importance beicg over liie South, fur the ilarra is said to be dreadfulcuu,e ! As one Slate and another may come out and hisand for the tnestim-a- is an unworthy refuge for the mort timid, since the proiioee to join us. Government will have to be not so quietly but that the entire auditory noticad him,argiimenrs for Union.I learn Uiat tiie planters of Alabama areors hcieiofore heaped upon him by his constituents. at the imme of Hon. II. H. Hill, recently contained a Besides all these, and m;tny more ills that I cannot closure, upondeserting tt eir plantations, and taking their families to the towns and cities, from of revolt thements said he wanted no otherfatal to Ms country." Ho (the speaker) wanted no crlsi.' ;clergyman,and ail wasapprehension amongthat the people were settling down to the con- viction that the Constitution will secure them all their rights, and that they would make dissolution of the"the color,"whichIndicatedOaapprehen- ded insubordination of tiie slaves results entirely froma few days since will tie presented to the Sen-ite to-day, and he has kindly allowed me the privilege of inorrcij mcrnifig, they repealed every Anti-Sluveryunpledged, however, they may act as^the emergency may demand.so that provide for, some peculiar dangers to be guarded and a share in the aotifar- against, and we shstll be constantly revolving upon timber," securing therebythe giddyjB'heei of revolution, until the country may erous deposit. Tills being done they returned to thejournals, whichkillingfrosttomoreested, in common with her sister Slave States, in the maintenance and of the instUutlon of Slav-the snd ablest of those that purestSlaveholding Republic, characters, the revival ofthe existing crisis.out before the world in thislonger time, necessarily beartngthe burdens, and but few of thewhere she was tiierageous treatment, and having fled from her kaabaalthat thein active experience, and learn-"propositions equallyof themselves destroy the Government. But If not cers, and durlne that period nothing hss ocnsrred taRepubUcaafederacy. Themanhoodand ofUnited States arc hers. She raised growseverythingIn any 01 the States except sugir and rice. Holding„toinsubordination, poiaonmg and pillage.forexcusing se-tte tlaie and manner, and may have meant still more seems to have overborne tha claims f kladred, and right or the wrong of It, our people sadly, has issued a call for a State Convention to meet atasd with pain, realize only that it is on us, and that it:pracli:abUingdiplomats, by wayexcept lowerpoisonadmit tbat theqaesUon was one formainly, —tion for disioiving our connection with them. to- that a man has tieen elected President who wishes to If,make them free, and th.'it nothing but the efforts of thethe word "A prominent Mercantile house in this Cty, submit to oranarchy despotis.n.lic speakers, for how could Southern gentlemen con- of the same, that on tbe ratihcation of an or- duct a public meeting without the presence of a dozenrendered it unsafe tor Maine and Texas to beunder the same Government. The idea of out fathersliiat representation A-as tlie bulwark of protection for on the article which we have alluded to above let the earnings of honest men, and their bu^inefs Atlanta, Ga., has found its creiltors Inexorabfe, aadBe it enacted by the Senate snd House of P.^prcsenta- tives. now met andsittmgin Geaerai .Aciseruoiy, and bypeopleparts of the South, sends us the annexedcommentary :bine with seme other State;: in the movement, we will organized,but the —of thator tw-enly slaves, to bring water, make fires, open doors and hold horses ? In addition to these facilitiesthe Union, had proved a fallacy and HiciHAXs."This article, v,e bciiev.sentiments of u majority of the people of Georgia.and credit, and the honor of the State, and it< abilityknowledge, maay —of the slaves havefor near most ly twenty-five years, and havemoment furfor, when each one becomes separate nation,in his _o_ur_m_erchants willfromttf Franoe, those who should be their instructors. Otherj tradeit,fur froml,egUiature, and assure you that it is our clear conviction that un- less some increased cause for agitation ari5es,the Con- vention which will meet In Georgia W'll not, and can-bargain\ 'with and talk with theare often glad to be on friendly terms, and to concili-ate the favor ofwho claims as a secession State Georgiathe Doctor did nothisattemptaaothsr raid thia opahit Ls have;;ChicagoTribune has several South,inci- which are fur-negroes.aid that the overseers on the plar.taticns whichIf secessionits introductionmust be ig- norant ot her people—we mean the masses of Middle and Northern Georgia, outside of her railroad towns and citlrs. In Southern Goori;ia ihe feeling is muchand that thoymenu, to carry six pieces ot long-range cuioua^ind talk of dete'ting their po?ts. It tims seems that the would come of it; and, it they wanted our blo'jd, iii- hernaded at tlie Congaree Il.juse, and tho m.wt Ihan it now is. That terrible Insurrections elor,uent greaterho would vote to tmd secede,a friendly Wewiboy,;tirric is at hand precicttU long ago by John RAitnoLru, when, if Ui£ slaves will not run away from tueir mas-tiigh, to leavequarter. tApplause.) They migtt overrun the coun- ters, the masters will run away from their Eiaves. He try, but If we were animated by the spirit of our fore- £Ufix,6td that this result would follow the exhaustion fathers, the swamps which protected M.iaio.w utcre k're and the soil as note as then.ventlon will vote for ces»ion."separate State action and se-of the soil, and bad husbandrycause is far more potent *han he dreamed of.wealthy and said,infioential, pulled out hisHere are g},(>00 ie*ich I will nabscribe ta awhlledoinggoodwith his right, hasoccasion to seeIf the Gulf States seccile from the Union, there can be little doubt that mo«t of those who are not inter-fundlinmorepurpose, and the names of the subscribersthe in seces- than Sundays informant of the Trbuie relates the escape of week-days. Ml are afraid to venture, hoping Prof. MiTCHiit, the well, known astronomer.tte present Congress v\ ill speedily do something to He vvas on tbe catsare familiar with. Mot urcliin from Uie interior af Wew-be drawn,addresses delivered by Col. Ueeoo, F (-Gov. Ari 13, will renult from this sttite of things must be plain to sion till oocmsday." [Loud applause.!andHon. W. F. DsSArsBcas, ail br'unwavering love and atujh-ucnt t^ th.- South, .-mlmomentard that a violent solution of f.>iestayGov. Gist has written the annexed ieUt.r into one received from a citizen of Coimectiout, cover-put all things right again. I have not seen the firstgoiag South, sad whennear Jackson, Miss., a man somewhat inCamed with Mr. O'Cossca gave Lim a nice coat, andthe tame degree of undying h^itroi". tj UicThey were all fn favor of irnjr.cdiate ."€cjf,»i,.n.These gentlemen were followed by Co)?. Wits U.r.t iheic HuinoK and T. T. SiMOWS. in spirited addresses invindieauou of the actienof the Statea check forwhich the writer desired to,[,made a surpriseMuchnightthewildestenthusiasmprevailed. Verily,I "" Ttiere's a dan afraid that the last link Is broken" that binds Southstation, Lynchd Abolitionist on ''liii; aCaroima to thethat iheof theSouth Carolina Ordinanceofithose Northern nu'iUviri l-v?sbeiorglng.-.ihlr.sr tl.e moet anyn,an»ho reflects auponthe clrcum-replyNorth Carolina Dlsunionist, Ialthough have met one liquor entered into conversation with him ona com- in which, tha;Exsctrtivi Orriet. ) > tfl.ed to see the of I CoiBMSiA, S. C, Dee. 7, 1660. jpocket,"to the regular lodgersand until mid-Union sentimeat sochange recently. I was the train!Fcnitljil.:ing glance,;;orth.Ing»1,000,ever,not so property—servedLiKCOLM was a conservative man and would notdoio-veryto thsnks, but after carefully examining•itaiiccsP'otlem will speedily follow, maySlavery be set down asand of vest pair::or twopoliti- Those were, how- cal subjects. The Professor was cautious and re-fortable youngsterpants,credl*.ablc appearance.of the benevolent donor, he expressedi.ssafetyfor Slaveryoutoftheperstock, proposed byiierLegUlature,I;jusL.cehisplatform and shcute<iwasEiso-^ and ajid Phiiups,who for that reason,to the (o the crowdnoto raise funds for the defence of her constilutional rights ;haveday its dissolution. suppose DsAi StB: On the occasion of a fire in Charleston,AHOTUEE MEESiCE rEOSI TBI QOTEaOS OK SOCT-l Seceiiicn ni:i r-e the signal for Gamiisos to pronounce Frenchman asked whatCiroUna for:generalyouin the search of ConsUtuUonal libertyfctth quit Its appointed place, and mustmshu a onlv nnhitch" the old State on toficiently great toConstitution remedied that—Inclvldual citizens to the National Governmentwith whichCAKOLIXA-;,i.,ic di-.rcUtas,Eir.ce that event will In all human great object of his life, theSouth, and I ni' lyfirulquite •another ~°^ "* SaiTATSV^S^'i tSS^ "" "i ""» TMy '"« ofDciai rommu:il-sufferers. The Frenciiman, puiUng out }10, (aid, I two."« «seeing danger,the cars moved off, and wriii tiicm the Professor with a v« hole skin.-.?.TM"'J^,''A.VD HOCJl OC RSFSISr-J-sympathize this muchthat a free peopli could never sabmit to inequality and degradation, has at last aetormTiTe-JAllow me to express my regret thatj Iavethe door of some needy family, then, with saw, andwith snparaUeled to unanimity,II, 1860. that you have soon Gen. CcsBiflG-sspeochet,— they are sound inthis no one will have the bold- if be has the meanness, to refuse to contributeMsssse. EsircB.i:know,somoof tlieof a Convention oftbe Slaveholdingbuck, and ax, they visit the boose, saw, choppUssev« ine tM^Si^hat bind her to those States, and part comoanv w^.hi^iMr DlAB Sis:1presumeof our State, and afterPrekses andthat treat her cltiiens as aileLor not Idi- to "fire" the Virginia heart" preparatory to lier of local politiciuis so dangerous apovi-eras a coalitionttan ftte.^ amiundoubtedlyand wlien theynecessitlce of life, they depntiM two or three, who gabrethren. The star which represents her on the which has hitherto illumined ti.etenor, but I couldabanner consecrated to equality.juitice ao.l .;outherntheyConvention ?All muitand,;We weretold by our great statesman tlmt the cordaWM. H. GIST.On Dec. 8 tlie following resolution waa introduced the Constitution of the United States—the nembersof Mexico, or France or England. The Seoesslooists:a pistol which weighs less than Colt's "flre-dMiaife/*of the Uaionweresnappingoneby one, and no;r theother State, Ita Convention take no such oath. Virginia had no need not wait for secession before arrangingand balls in leas tiiaa thaBttvKilHMIlnlliiii. he would feel himself amply rewarded kr (11 Ui toils and sacrifices, and would say, likemto the State LegUlature by Mr. Roirrrequirepeata its discharges Instantaneously,aad iwbMO* Mr^^t^Utf^}^, com^Sra" vew sma, national banner »n path of S^?r ;.^2tentionallyfind for tha persons really suffering, 'b'^L"subjecting thethey invariablyRights. To permit it to remain longer in iln nre«eni too much of passion for sound judgmentaaaodatlon. would only dim itsandlustre, ultiina"t»'ivupon ques- tions as they arose, but the success of the ej:!reme Soutliern doctrine could not have affected our mate- rial proeperlty, while, on the other hand, the realixi-average of our Renublicanspreserve the Union that could be exercised by a Con-compact or agreement with another bloU" or with a'*of New-Haven, hai hvented"•—>«h Itslaat is btoken. CauU be have lived to witness our lion of the ideas of the$1,000."With greet rcfpect, I am yours, tc, _—Mr. T. P.yet discharges tento send five froii the latter waaaOB. Al»-'but does not possess the that a Con- po»crPower."If a State may agree to hold a Convention with an-Lindsay,Usprobablll.y acrcmpllsh theimmediate abolition of Slaver.-, and at the same timeThe reply was that they were sympathizing with the "poiateJtone in a wees or ductor, the pniled tl.e beil-cord and;He did not have much conlideoce in Virginia, because she refused to treat with the Com- missioner of South Carolina, it was just as hard to turn a Virginian as a Louisiana sugar-ptcr.ttr. If she would secede, then he would listtn to her. Iu con-pocket-book assatsinatwK ej Lincoln and Ham-bow much do you sympa-SSS^TM^.* ''°t- *°"* taiolina, after many canoai/.e him as a prophet. OBSERVER. tblaa t" And we now call such acts French sjmpa- THE DUTY AND INTEREST OF VIRGINIA.for the e( porfoaeofogreaaouanaucism, and stay the hand of ansres- ie»»e??.^? Jl.8>'<» by tho jJoorrt^hernTsStLa^tes Softtie GoalBderacy—after vain remonstrances and solemnSENTIMENTS OF AMERCHANT.From a fmale h'.lcr I1 a Ncxo- York CimmusMn House.OFTIONS TO A CONVENTIO.N STATES. I" dies, and the name of their organlxation is the ZoB-BCS705, Deo. Tuesday,aadthe wood. The ladies ke^ their eyes and ears opea,theiras I read them, ruj iiw. You know that I haveThe money shall be dravm and appliedrect, and 1If we should be oierrun by numbers andcornc a some patriot will tie left conquered province,to conceal enough goW in our mountain recesses to refund the amount due you, with interest.not but say to myself syra- pathiied with tbe South throughout the whole contro-versy, which has now reached its climax.There was feeling and scuUment on both sides, andas amsatisfied \-ou will neverloseadollar.«ead be, when alleaa to (he Dnioa.. UweiiioiiiaiaT*•ot (•.«»&•, bol to aa< iSiraisttMHrt,poaed M a BMiBahMi OB the rsotee aftha 1Idontthinkwhether seceMlon U rebel Ion or separstioa—cebel-UoB must be nppreasedInIbeoooneofIheBsm explainedpareoar »loAfarwbliaaitBtheVBiaB,aad iBcoaflletwiththatprohlbHlon."eeWent.tutions.portaflce to the State, In no way to tbe Fed- five is in the State, a runaway slave, and in the case <^ blage It ought not to be encouragedpeaceof theperedandafneftmHommdiMtreoyrte ofhas a stormy prospect before him!bis old advisers. I tutions. busi. upon Depreciation of property, depression ofpeople iLaugliterijeorgla to demand rights Union, and her delay will leal alsoIn the SU spite of its name It supported to the best of its small"D'le regrettc ses sabots."of currency, increase of taxes, miscarriafse of public enterprise, and destruction of State credit, are some of the necessaryllewso exjiressed the opinion thinsthat Douglas was lighl iu the position he had taken should Alabama go out of the Union -Tlone, and soand itthat Ittbe attention of tbe House to theGovernment under which we have aad7^ i-HHrrt rtaimfceIs contrary to ihe pol- country to allow of the existencemeasoreadedgnated, thought it advlsahla thatgrown proa- prospered, Mokt,and not to perfect thea_ Hethe niiieiiiiiMiiil doae what Jaossoh and Fiumobs lost. However anxious we may be for cooperation, of another Republic or nation within our present tbe Legislature should be prepared to tske all satiaa To-day acknowledged throughout tbe wond as one ielweenlluSIl.a-t'at-'I"hamaelret, or betwgen n'fUtricy aodAd, what an; prudent maa, Bot half in league vrlth or however oertahi we may tie of obtalnlnR it, let us limits, and thereforepaapla ever new might maln to be in theBxinidtti, Monday, Dec. II, 18S0.The nnreaerved motloR towards seif-dlstmc- when the relations of the State with the Fedetml Oov-"verytheir own and would soon restore to oar lobger contlnne to be miscondoct, Cabinet.occe Unionthatera whldi yourhappy of-good feeling In(bettbuUeaof(beIn theeland tietwcen her and danger. That people must be ment, I shall bid farewell to the ofbeen associated wi>hmo- ' Here lies the man who opposed the Union, because it waswell-considered articlement in that State regarding secession, had passed itswhat they have already doneble blesthig Ibej* iv< re :Ibout to confer, they were enti- tled to our warmest gratitude. Their assaults haveBfpor^er urges,been but all for our unceasing,and, tha forsaklBgwasxtnll be ajixedfact. He did not understand the posi- tion of Mr. Bfcbakan, but he supposed he was like S1LS05, who, when asked how he was on the baakto be^u:^ALsHtoirornc,.'he hoped we would enjoybrought Wrtr, ire u^re r/'e most urtfcriunote je tplt on earth,for iC. had not bread oml meat enoug.i tofeed t.'ie[Laughter.]brought peace,to raise fands inbe doe to tbe present condition of Sootfaaoivho would come h^re to help tts tofght our battles,stronger for secession. Mark our prediction—rlshed it a bygentleman justbut it seems that the yet, grows good potatoesThe same house favors us with the following ex-tract from a letter written oneby of the members ofthe firm, a native ofTforih Carolina, who has tieen:and He did uot believe war appiaus-e.]will not secede until she hjs taken full time in theIn tbatand allTlle them to the Throio banquet.to I'.elaycd action on theiippi. South Carolina is the only Stale whose Coi-obllired quie* quarters.;theand let them underst'^nd we icill neither gtve nor askof -Alabama and Jlissia-* *gates elected from the RlchUnd District were ?eri- tion between the black and white races will be much rlnslon. he said that on the 17th, IPth or 19th, he did pected. All kinds of business are at a stand still. down. In further proof of thea higher pitch. Aoout 9 o'clock last nljjht, the dele- ested In Slavery will leave and thit the ;1 find much more quiet here tiiaa 1 ex- nut know which, but as soon as the ordinance cou'd ITie towns have more the appearance offor matciies, brushes, kc, wasdispropor-who hail been it in this Cllty roughingwearingevent?. It will soon become apparent be invested in tlie new emission of South Carolina much as one negro, and entirely wfihoutamrinpan r pinion vhich has long been maintained by Ga«-;to theto theprctahleinllujnco. NorlbCi'rollna will not go with South Carolina, ei- cepi to protect herifeoercedbv the Geaer-al Govern-mcuL I am glad to find thegeneral where I have been. I was somewhat afraidthat there might have been aUnion C ;centeach aidela di«5onsolate air hethereby eaue- icj to issue from the twenty or thirtyriding up,theyweredoing1tliwould bt SHtisted. But Nonh (iorolina is cot al' the before the Professor could be;out, the con-— ua- GOOD Boys. A few eccent.i-s in Chicago,der the command of V.'u. H. GiLiBerii: and Fbau;thy.For your nibetantial sympathy, be pleased to acceptWxjiTWOBtB,A 8TB0KC AND SENSIBLE APPgAL 10 VIRGINIA SOME LEC.VL AND CCNSTITUTIONAI, OBJEC- There are thirty-three in all, seven of whom are la-PROMINENT BOSTON tbe thanks of the State, and be assured that the moralFROM A TIEGINIAN.From the National Intelligencer.DecSa far as Ipublic men of Virginia are (whether in-To the Editors of the National Intelligencer :Influence of your patriotic act is worth Infinitely more to os than ten times the am'-unt given m any other way. It will commend itself to every citiienOddities-" Tbe men wood, send It ta young buyness,to tbe defence of his native State.WiU not say) engaged in an eSbrt "I|||jsuperiorginia teem deleruiined tothe States, precipitating"if this be not their motivewithout war. Theoying epitaph than,representingthat the excite-officiating reverent and respectful, vntil one of the mourners discovered in the earth flirowBbu: If itThedents of the excitement in theCity maysapport:small company of men stood by ttte new-made grave of a dead The withbo-crless because there was no of coercion suf- powerrepress opposition first, bytogether, carrying garments, pies,breadsIicitythe excitement runs,.;Oneevening, but it may well be doubtedany eauMgalnsIIMr. Bv.hman's courageMmmerce; must prop, as best she can, a cur- I derangedof•even membeta.'fiir IbeaibiBlortofcitiBtlil. __,-Jaa«Cunl«alU««as nowhich a withdrawal from Ibe Union reader of Ihe first Powers of the earth—destined. If we n-a:%B AeMk (Holmes wa. lohnsoB, 14 filM.Committeet argent to raise la theeveutofaieparallonfromtheUnion. Theques-Tbat of which wethat has beea inflamed by the lirtBg pfooeas b>-For Intosoeh 'Vmrention the aoetanyIn Congress which It would becomecomplain ista wrong (entlment,ity.sa-yon may lie sure will be the »tUnt!on nnd adequate protection. The baU>tbox madness. How can this be corrected by aoUag cooBtryUoo," wKh which South Carolhia seems disposed topradpilate secession, would occasioo In us a sensa- portance. It occurred to hlm^therefore, that the best ought to aud what could complain,Country conseqaent _~_on witnessing the ImmersioB of his aid friend at fession.Can such an amendment be adtmted T I hare no traggledeath. Ity blaateThat U1I4 pettUent,therefore I am bound to dlSbr tn some !•• express,Edfadla, Nov. S4, ISM.I feel that it is due to my constituents, as well asber a few short months —ago that of leaderent place, tn unjiut suspicions, and pat yon Ib a nlaa ~Whether the election of Li.<;cout Is a result to beany true Southern man, depends upon thehard tosharpenspopulation, is fast dispelling the miaU" of skep-ticism and Increuulity. We have no large manu-facturing eEtabiishments licre. su;h as exist at the Declaration of Independence, then the historian will evenly balanced between the two sections, possessing The evil has now passei beyond control, and mastof mineral to be be met by each ani nil of us under ourthat secured to them the blessings of a Southern Con- found in ai.y of the States, the productions of the to God and our country. If, as I believe, hialory wiUa foregone conciusioiu It was dif&ciilt to see, andpowers of earth could keep us together ?realize deploredthe senses, in all classes of our new Slaveholdingaffect youtrades are beginnlog to anticipate cold, and are look-will self-respectI have seen letters addressed by such to athethere is fromold Union,rejoice that tlic South is free.J. L. PUGH.North in tppositig the reoptninz of the African Slaue' trade. HercentralpositioninthisUnion,hermaterialam most truly and sincerely, yoar blend.has in no degree diminislied. No one here,I di» 1 could hare wished tiad axxlred Id a dif-JSxckange, askingITothePaisainT. HOWELLCOBB.ultra and violent men inties, whose reason seems charmed by the magic of bnrugte.-niot to take the oockade at their button-holes, consider thefewtheSouthern Confedracy, to stand andsecession. Without inquiring the motive, or thepicture.Eight. O, for a Jackson to say, and make good the confidential rharacter. I may add that I^ara baaaif awakeningrafoied to give anyMghrst on the list. Tbe remainder, RazTi <t Co., sonal feelings of the head of tbe French Government, them, to take some stand, not to avert, for that seems we hope that the alarming condition of public affairs columns of the Mobile Register of tbe 4th inst, from Hon. Howxu Cou.pledgeis time for the Border States, and Maryland as one of now impossible, but to arrest, to cure. From infor-Wetake from an able letter which we find in thewere ehoe«i on the ibilowlDg platform :I. TbBttheConvection, when assembled, sh4ald with-will indicate to one the everyhe bad too much respect for the repugnance of his diav SBlKth Carolina from the Confederacy of the t'niced people to Slavery, to give any counteaance to thenecessityspeedy ac-the pen of Hon. Rositi H. Shitb, the subjoined prao- Ucal considerations, which certainly commend them- selves to the common sense of every reader. NoneStatsa, aa soon as the ordinarce of secession can be scheme. He posiUvely declined even to treat with very little is expected from the action of Congress. will be held other than those called by theflramea a»d adopteda. That after Smth Carolina withdraws from the Con-federacy of the United States, she should never be rt^ BBited with any of the non slaveholding States of this Ifnlon in any form of government whatever.A large majority of the Convention were elected as hBBMdbte Secentonlsts. What effect, if any, the Hbw Ant will elanae befcre they will be caUed on to act win have on meir views, remaioi to be seen.Ib Ws oonnertion, a single paragraph from Gov.on the House CommitteepoUUcal organizations of the we that we.Thesatisfaction here, and it is the chief cbject of Mr. BoTXLia indo not believed thatIt was tothe Southern Repnb'lc until it shall be formally ac-State, transgress the limits of ourhope do not(saysIntelligencer)but thosewtio havegave an account of the myrteiies a^matlon received from our Senators atMI8CEI.I.AMBOU8Tbottbls nr BnooKLTH.^-Some weakaataoe eraappointmentsthe iVattofuidetermined to close their ears to the voice of reason,onthat discretion which belongs to rational lieings, cantime for State action, which, Ithis State, as I learn from good authority, is now notlitical in organizationsdamsel of the City of Cborches, a yoang lai^ 1father stands hl^ as a man of character, aMaUk, andInflaeBce, and now we are pttvOegedio mSt% lartBakto the chain of sjagntar events. Havtagbtnrto Bo-gainunderstand,he hasWastilngton,As it is not probable that any State ConventionsPASAGKAISa.pendent power.Tills answer is just what might hare been antici- recommended to his constituency. The Governor of place, so that a full conference can be bad, without refuse to give them audience. He sayito convene theeither of appointing representatives from this State toattend tbe South Carolina Convention, for thea coun-the mind of theniiiiBllBI. yat yoar«WBPiilLirSt. Geo.Cocke,a:Tbe Statehave displayed in the performingThe correspondent of thehile it isunder date of position, necessary, for tbe assertion and main- succeeded, byas foilews from Dec 11:Washingtongraphsieaancc of her rights, I do cot believe It will be and eloquentandVIRGINIA.Interests,,, ^Mt DxAa Sraof tion on tbe part of all wtio love their country.when we ex- press an earnest desire that members of all other po-<Kentuckr will meet in their respective party Conventions at the same time andregard lo past party differences, as to the coarse which Kentackv and Kentuckians should in" Certainseparate independent nation of the State, and to standmands that a common ofadvocatingmoderationandunityofaction,oris trioticKentucktanstopreservetheUnionand{he nationalexistence" There is no doubt that thefor the stoutest and boldest, ilr. Liscois awful responsibility now devolving upon him, and evils to our our cause, and to insti-hoajhold whippings, etirafaiga, aad''fearttllthanmt" Uuy liftfadedafterrencyregulateam! fix the value of com andof'thatwere bothgivenhis wife.babe waslitao^uithat he greatly rtgrctttAthat he had ever been gov-and weexprtsstdrevolution otmust, and 1 trust irill, make up our :/*uids to bear theseHOW AN l:.\-(;oVEB.\OE or SOaiH OAIiOLINA on the Lecompton question, and his mi-.tiike had been rriiiaiii but for one mouth, she mustso long solely beartween husband Bg peacewife will be the means of restor-TALES. elected to themust rourt increase herrai.se andex- of com-in quarreling v^ ith him, for he was a iiatriot. and loved his country. Too two Senators left in anger. Attor-the Lurdeiiii of nriiionai exisiencelargest city.ani mjat inflseatialTHE FEEMNG AMONG THE SOUTHERN PEOPLE.TU.WS OF LE.)I>I.NC BtJaiNESS MS.f.arimigemeni for the peopleana she must raise thewhich is at once andhonilying »Tin»«i,Tg iawradainoro certain that we mayslaves than any State In the Union, she Is inter-preceded It. kindest regards for yourself and the meafor bread.leading jouriml hers,noremedy. Peopleofallclassesaretlie apathy alluded to in my last letter, and the feelingofacquiescenceinthecoursepursuedbyGov.Hicxs,In not convening tbe laeglslature, is changing into a prominent citizen of Virginia, wil!es to tlie Richmond tion, and Injured by whatever injures either section, Secretary of the which have bddwe shall Yours truly,antly a>«oclated,and party which has nowwealthy plantertlon of Saturday evening, realgBing tbe posltioa of Treasury, you ilaea gives to her, and will always give to her if she will the commencement of my admuUstratlon. White Ihas slaves and instigate them tothirty yearssoughta controUng influence in the councils of this nation.But dissolve this and hitch her on the tail of a Union,yourself from lu at tne erittcal present:regard, I remain, vary respectfully, yoar feteaa. JAHEST BUCHAHAS.effort shall be made by all pa-order that a Convention of this State may be assembled Constitution from destruction. Let the iieople of tion by her ovm declaration, and not by ar.kunwiedgment settled for life. Judge, then, of her surprise' aad af**ThedelayoftheConventionforasingleweektoptm the ordinance of secesrion will bava a bligbtin?and chilUsg influence upon the act ion of the other 6out d-ei«Atates, aad the opponents of the movement every- the National Assembly, In obedience to popular sen- by legislative authoiity. I saw, to-day, a letter from best mode ot restoring peace end harmony to a dis- the South. These views failnfto command ofqaialiythe parental Indignation wlten, on tha Bandar la^condition of thebe a ao-" Taeand I could thereforeof IhoFe who entertain them.W Philadelphia ifup steft.ob Ihe Africa thafor Alabama would Kentucky, if possible, tiecome a unit in regard to the of any other Power, not even her other sister StatesSecession,Soutii will by it voluntarily relinquish to the formed and leformedtraveling through that State for the latt month:acter, such aa few otherslong*the blue e< ckade. young upstarts, owning notold to-dav tbat ifould be repealed the people in NoLynchthe offensive specimen o; Northern opinionof thaCiAsisBcnoB, Va.,8, MSO.:ticnal scheme States.out of-the men who assume to move public opinion in Vir-being "cra?gcd"shoes and relieve the wants of the poor, tAtn(V.doadvocate a Statefrom themand time spent.areceiptforartloles dallMfad 'tyI hereby acl;nowledge the receipt of your draft for know that the Legislature po-^eessos all the power to secondly, by forbidding any Slate to "enter Into anywould haveR„, ,». 1"utyet I ama Massachusetts man and a Union pWoUaa, within a brief period, from the Federal Tliflnia has It la ber power to save the Vnioit, aad TtteC^anUuttoBiiiipiirsuaacsvf the mwepoUcy, one Bwy ba thrown (hebrought ruin to the Nortti and South a-l«i«k.e. m* ,- .,Rnje;ssooltveda, Tihnati, imnvviiew oif thne secession or Sooutih*Convention in1833,but actedthrough her]>glalataie.LomsNahuov or VroioaiA theterms of alUance.," of^at *aaettme.Untitled DocumentPress tele-weepingorgi*nized thrmselves into a great geographical parly. approacliicg State Convention men who will listen to State mav have some peculiar interests of its own to dead, rushed in various directions, each ''locaSag blagood. Tney haveBy so doing, they have furnished us with a justlfiCA- reason, leaving thempeople are reaUzliig, and it urges them to send to the comingand concluded the funeral services. gro^' again, he would still cut loose ius connection with which has been engiged in the Southern trade for It is easy to act on the single idea, let the Union A Happy CoLLArsK.—Tha iSeitihemthim. [Applause.) The climate, the soil, and the nearly forty years.and which has correspondents in all slide,' for it is easy enough to pulldown. But if .Ala-—men, were they all Calhot:?s In intellect, would notauthoritydinance by a Convention of this State, withdrawiag theStete tnm the Federal Union, the Governor, hy andwith the advice and sonsent of the Senate, shall a[>poiot of obtainingBraiesentatives of the grade of Envoys fxtraordlnaryaaa lilBlPtcrs Plenipotentiary to the following coaiUri.:', learned to lead not by the consent and approbation of He uas not going to discuss secession,for everybody watched the progre^< of affairs there with anxious State wlMsliali receivean annual compensatim for their ser- their masters, but clandestinely, and no thanks tovices net exceeding the amount specified herein for eacii,if ninety Southernweigh against one hundred and forty of the Lovsjoia We have been personally familiar with the State and ment, slide along with It, and we may lose theis nowiff. It la not likely that Dr. UAjiBLn«K, the aditor,itspeopleauspicicuscombinmgwlttiotheradret^ty, ^„ f^ originator of the blackcare from the of the meeting of the dayDan to Betrsheba, and tn a few days itsaid he ' stood between Nice Biddle aud not be induced to uke any hasty action. The manIjII,reflects cohectiy theIts lastin the armsof the Sher-sustain afo.'-ce somettiiiigfamilypenses;lor theHauols stngular iiiEldeat,Wti>|na|i«nt« iQpwtrt/as tha^tej^iMry(11 the Southern mind has become exaltedproceed to act on their demaads.Verytruly, FRANCISJ.PARKER. Mr.CorriHsaidthatquestionsofverygreatim- companitdwithpronfofownership,andthatthe_ptgi. WeretheCoareettoBa^ilpl|r>alB>IMjBmaaa-lo tha value with allBOirrH CABOLUtA—KABTLAND FMLIHO—BIOM- would be some very Important qaesUona eonoamlng Treasury the owner fillin the thereofl,o him, OoHttitutiOH ever amtimplated. UNHW.mordertoobtainfar slave to reimbursereqituslroawnState Treasury. This•,MrDxASSiarequires roe to take a which make* IIthe Urtion. It would not tie a distant period would visit upon the offenders the oonsequeneea of gat I should no stepassignedhave had ret son to believe on more occasions than myself, to make public reasons for to Waah- to the South ; and she would rebuke the effort now position. "Hie first of these consequenees I caione. The movement, however, in wMch she hasnow taken so forward a part, is of such formidable me by staling them in tiie Spirit of nextthat theCongiess and the Slate Leaislaturos in thewtiioh she would not otlierwi«e havethereby enlisted other State:, In the race. Bat it con-sists chiefly in the fact tt:at it enables Po-Uh C:iroUir.iat any moment to bring on a colli.'-ion belwRcu herselfand the Senrral Gavernnieut, which sho will callcoercion, and will go for cot-rolon—the very tiling to maintain Independent and prosperous existence out feel aggrieved and hurt by her conduct, and the senti- llveiance by consultation, and especially by con- meet, it will meet not to preserve but to destroy, in a ated by what I feel It—ment here, with few exceptions, is that she iswith an eye only to her own interest and importance, the Icfluenre,without any regard to the position orfollow, which required ae to re-The people inbe frustratedthe plans,>if tbe enemy nnderstoodlikelytnopinion conflict,|nearly yaaiaeven for amar, moment, our personal andoAdal re-my goingIcgten, since the destruction o! the FedenU Govern-being made to degrade her to a follower to another. Ibear well last.enough,but I will notsubject yoBtat . T-should never have tieen Interrupted. It woald reme-.doubt of It, If asked tn the ask ror my views aod ooonseL Not to respoad waaid proper splilt. and the meanstheirsuch an amendment. Let the Legislature of Virginia,Tuesday. manner out In the Constitution. IConventions, Federal. I am aware tliat tlio current isoryour Message up<m some of Its (beoreticslrunning but as sure as Virginia has —and Stnte Convention it will citempt to drag Iter out of theIn favor of Conventions may a;lalicsultMaryland valuable service render ed the cause of Southern de- Union, and as sure as a Convinllun of all the StUes tire from yf'Ur Admioistratlcn. TTiat necessity is cra-nooieKi:;owshow morethiscommucicstiun. For (nor Ik.requestRepresetatlveslations. In theSouth, inflamed by its discussions. Think you all me istration I bave cordlallji concurred, and shall everherbalanced Interest, causing her to sympathize with sec- tions, to be l>enefitted by whatever benefits either sec-saying preserved."itzealwWahyoa duUeaot]:strict impartiality, because of an evenlypeople, lepublieanexplains brutality by sayingthat lie wasm a measure out waamustweights and measures, and must provide some postal;Peak, we learned the foliowingto w ork out our rights and the hopes of a stable Govern- ' 'breatfamg will receive muchgasps sympathy;each may stand more or less upon tliemaife, and each 'may feel tliat no respect has been paid by the other to tbe common honor, common rights, and common dangers of alL"A PLEASANT STATE OF SOCIETV.r,;Itans.Nortliern men have L«ento procure thewho'll swell the pile ?than t40.0C0 had been offered f*r this infamousbut to venturingsaythat be Mr. thoughtincensed and ;when the train halted at Jackson,with aSouth,Pro-Slavery friendgreat-ly jumped about thehim!lca<t fifty men jumped on siid t-emnienccHiwith aSiid. "Theiea-n't no watchGsKTUxiHyou have lent your countenance to the unconstltu-The ConstltuUcn was careful to take ftom the hands the Union. The Press and of two or more States. The Confederation was pow-guardplay patrolclslen.andpersonal,entlrelT satisfied with the ability and;;!Ought sheWssHnrana, Dec M, ISIMlI bave recblved oommaalea- youronly exert it as worthy sons of patriot sires should do, deeply regret that you hare detereOnedto separatelie thereforeprepare dissolution, for King Cotton I drop the pen. I cannot contem- ferent conclusion, because our relationa, bottioAdalmy assent,not become the party candidate the front Ba had anivedmy opinion that .\labama must take thisfacing dint ofow^o^tta, ha rfpraaeh. profuse promidag, Ib ea-Amoney for these ends. The cxperune^:! for one skctrt anay from the settlement of Sherman's Diggings, a;month nvuld, I so oppress our as to amftarful, peopleIfromthekept In all the feverish excitement of what U next to ence of the desired gold. Communicating tha tact tocompanionRepubli- confederation into which, Uke new States of the pres- and one and all, Including tha clergyman and tha'Confaitri^ bama undertakes to do it without attempting to com- cf',—not the Government uhich it is said will aooa beprevailing frenzy,several weeks, sellingbrought to the Lodging-rocm bywho begged for .him the usual outfit ftw fliO boy.him Instantly, at a searchmay make a similar agreemeat with withmmtTbesa seettoa i» have bean iMa* thaa.ardelas ofeaoe bald b* the BopremeCeart-jast TwIte with ISaotfaera poUtteians—to ««eliU<thi_s quarteeastformerry li,.-fy tlirostsbut room.,_:WaanaoToaA sense of duty to the Stale ofOaar-The views whleb I sin^rely enterlaia, aad wirfijhmv duty to dosibllitv 01 the act, tberefore, rests alone opoa B^aeU.pleadingstieatment he hadbrought from the nursery the father seized it In his arms and burst into tears. Tlie reconciilaflon boandto one of tiecircles tn the 6QUATTEB SovEBEio-VTY.— reosotmepdanion. the bierc_enemyhe stole off to stake out a bat claim,l_at^r „ "newspapertitle published Ibhave bandedaiding deetitute families during tbe ansnlag ^TlBlac.togetherof bis;and the respsa-— Bowsaehate-When the; mutttm''s^^StjMgtmMS^ "^^•^^^^'°^^^*^www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^^^V--.-i-^Ei^-'-^i^. -: TtV'*" -' 