 ,J^TCSwiX^NO. 2717. FB^ WASHJNGlXm.NEW-YOP.X, TUESDAY, JUWE S. I860.PRICE TWO cjrams,-^7^^0m^m AtifMd.and theliT8 la foand In Slavery ragewe Aall natuTmlly eoBslder (I) siav* masters as showa la tbe law ofit is these very abUMs" which constitute chiefly npn arbala Slavery. Caisda; Virginia basks In a climate of constant fe- and jet evealc thete toe Slave SteiMfall fai^jS-^^^*-^'S"W(Ma>«Bt ky a Iiri* vote.; lir; if it had less ef grandeur in its proportions; favor of freedom. In the Free States the valuation per $200,600; Nassac6nsetli,$1.006,7SrlffimS!r5ffi.t-.- -«ninMorxaxanaoxm.sinans'sbpucb. here igrowth.Sir, look at ite plain import, and see the relatian—toe common law itself secured to tbe bondmanHere is a short table Number Of farmsAcres ofCash value of farmsvalue acre.. Average perplace agricultural products«d Mw most nltra violent and oifensive speech erer,—$85,736,658wbickrecogiilzedthe Romaniaw, while thislaw even here. Carefulmitgebhlteys contrasth.e Bat It does not stop Stetes thev are 279, and contain SS,4S3 voltmua. fi'"-'^AtSsned in either branch of Congress.Q.gamipg teble, on the hazard of a card or dieall ac-ite Free Stetes toe e<dlege Ubiarlea are US,and contain 660,573 volumes; to the Slave Stitaa-toey are 79, and conteto 240,348 votuasea. Ia tka Aaa Stetes tbe church libraries are 1' 9, aad ooatalB a>;Ta volumes; in toe Steve Stetes thay are SI, aad 001^tain 5,e27 volumes. In toe Fiee State* the UMarlaa ^ strictly called public, and not incladed aadar ft*-''- v.. beadsTmm the Aaaaclated Preaa. WASHnoTOH, Monday, Jnne 4.year endtogJune,18i0,ittte on the subject, in order to remore the difficulty growing cnt of the powers prooosed to be bestowed«propertystates at $171. population engagedenumerated, areaad aaaMiIfee grantees, and to render tbe franchises more se- Ttals momlsg, in tbe Committee, Mr. FxHTO.tterritory,•The mottoB to take up was losLMr. Toons, of Georgia, (Dem.,) moved to takeoneyear by toe Free Stetes was 528,814 tonsreligionpolitic*,bypawnal intonrt.this barbarism, tous derived and tons devel-fail, wbile darknes* gatliers ov*r toem. Aad th&with time.seems to be incAaalBg AecordlBg ts tttecensus ot 1810, the ta thl* be- dlspropottlOB raqpaettw-een the two was regionsThe same disproportion appears wlto nutazd lap*|r* sons connected with toe Press. In tbe FxoaSnlli^/;. toe number of prtoters waa l],6i22, of whoml.Svwanu"up bill relative to tiie Houmas grant. Agreed to.; la expo- in vindicating the prohibition of Slavery in thetered on board that fatal slave sldp,built in theMaine alone built or 215,905 tons,four times toe whole bulH in toe Slave States. The foreign commerce, as todlcated by the the exports and Imports to 1S55, of the Free States,AeMr. PoLX, of Missouri, (Dem-,) moved to strike ontStates, 93,9i9 tons.aa two ta Itl* CBI*.aklakcn out, and the tliird section retained.SP7.ICH or MB. SUMNKB.Mr. Smiim, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) said Mr.President—Undertakingnow,after a silence ofm the Slave States, 9 jI'-mUf I9)}ft tltitli Canliia Scnatir. ts It is alike In ita Influence and In ita :slight evil, with regard to which 748,3«8, and in ISM) it was 1,421,6«1. In 1799 the pop- toelr Ia public'? '»f»«' M. Stvatofe M *• jrnr-Tork TimM. .WuBasTOi, Moadaor, Jue 1.TM*nxiOAirnuATT.The laqi^Kstdoa this s^tenuxm, amon^ the Demo-anUe tTiitlun. Iittint (he UazlrasTrMir ladrad. a(tor*.tgtt.lTMt7iM< rcJMtadtlM aightb article wmsa population of formof civil -showtogadifferenceofnearlyamillioninfavorofwUl direct Urn to raaalB at hit port and ren- now made assumptions—I^^diBatie relations Willi us, aa itbyreputed228.•'frfeUey here wiUprerant it.of Louisianaschools, vrltk 138 teacbers aad 8,01 1U trident that par-946flesh, $2,606,184,346,five j ears from 18S0, toe valuation of property to toe Free Stetes received an tocrease of more toanpupils, supportedannual only tklrtr^3ihaU not be or become vested with any (rant,lUM or interest secured by the bill, otherwise than ina •rperate character and capacity, to be firrt acquired light and air entered only by a single narrow apert-system, from toe Moham- bysetts alone greater than all the Ubrartaa ofand eonditians of this act, wltliln the Territorial and B jurisdictions into and through which the con-should evince an equal InseDslblllty to the true character of tbe Constittilion. This is shown in the claim now made, and pressed with nnpreeedented energy, de- gradtaag the work of our fathers, that by virtue of the Constltulion, the pretended property ia man is placedand averment of toe repeatedto the material,capital 420, Among edncational eatabUskaaate, oae of[railroad sball be constncted.SKNATE.WasmBOTOR, Monday, June 4.anythorizing Slavery be found. From none of these doesproduct.Stave Butes.all for thtogs tesUfy5.'.^Hr. Wusox, of Hassachoaetts, (Bep.,)alesuluUuuthattheSecretaryofStatebedirectedtoeiaiaalratn to the Senate copies of any correspond-eaee or ether papers on file in bis Department, in re-WHqt.to the anest, on board of an American vesselat Palermo, ot Father Laru, an Italian patriot, bytte Intervention or agency of Hiirar H. Baasrow, theCOBSnl of the United States at that place. Adopted. vbketktr high or (ov, as Satan ts Satan stilt, whetherwages. '... : . . . ...195,976,453loss or icieatlfic. Taewkol*agaraaatepresentedof monsl'rs; from and Gmnea, DahomeyCongo. Annual'prcidSiuct.in the Free States is »4,14e,agl 81,038,««a. In Free Iflchlgan,•var his 'dltsppolntmants. fest, thus the i>eing practically;in toe free Stataalt «• Hassacluictlg^ wlft aMau-;to principles.slave masters, while toe SenatorVirginia, (Mr.•seen alltheseIud acompare it wUh Free State, we tbaa Bad tbeend all" of tbe wnoleexposedmint to a Senator who an<"jertake« In Ikia pieeeace totss much of bollu while, uaaer aa afiectation of char-number of Inhabitants to tbe souare mile was onW 1 1 .28, whlle in the Free States it was SJ.n, or almoat"thea*'aUandt»a was not *B—tbrongb wblehBlaTery oiUy808 in the alava •'Ihealaffeal aoofa, maiinfaverageTM»_i»donthi»»«intlftil soil, but made to bilstla rponrtvetofte aser^paeni'now'maSi fartUtabar- bitter sweat, ud thus Mkes fh>m him tbe mainspring two to one in favor of fteedom. l^eao imbUs an tUalsi&Seteecnd we havafor its axteodon. Therefore, by iMleal necessity, must Skmry b« dia- euascd—not indirectly, timidly and spailagty, but dl-Itatee, Dader tte second headdispoaed to shrink from tbis discussion, the boundlessthe definition supplied by this State:; to toe Slave Stetes only $3 04. This a populaUon of 169,012, on the nottkua tem&twhonB nxsaxsT (o bx nrsicTSD bt luwdoD nounced " Slavery the most safe and stable basis for sell toowfbhpimsi But •>! to-morrow.A witneu from Philadelphia wasIn case the personalof a Ward shall consistoiganized barbarism on which the sun now;toe degtadatioB ofthe Slave Stalat. ItiitWrkakftnsEn.who did not shrink from calling it "the comer-stone of the Republican edifice," the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. Hammuhd) insists that " it^ forms of so-person,take the lead. Following Mr. Caihoits, -:pofla,(Mr. Chssiiot) takes up the strain. One Senator from:ored peiaonsMississipDi (Mr. Davis) adds that Slavery "is but afeotiwereelicited. TheCommitteehopetoreport governthemselvesi"andhiscolleague(Air.Btow.s) fortbeVatd.mayatanytimepassanorderforthesalegreatestshines. It Is withcut a single peer. Its author, after without a stogie slave, waa tll6 593,S80. The whole partcularly to deride ftee colored persoBS. aecaosr,°ezaiiiaed before that Committee to ^ay, bat no new form of civil government for those who are not fit to of specific articles, sncn as slaves, working beasts, ani-BBrtHeelc.AMouEximrT or ths sbiaxk.and a blessing to the master." One Senator bom Tirginla, (Mr. Huaixa,) in a studied vindica-"0/ Maryland.mary of the pretended law defining Slavery In all thederived from the common law, that fountain of libera$1,401,285,279, Thevaluationof North Virginia.Slates. In suppliedHassaebusette toan are 9,0(4 eolorad Mr-openly vannts that It "is a great moral, social, thereof.—SMfufes and political b'.essing—a blessing to the slave.Tke Senata hare detarmtned to coBlLne their actionta f|>rofilat)on bills, with a Tiew to tbeir adjoarn-•Bt •> tte I8th inat, if poolble. The Republicans cial (o the non-slave owner as it is to the slave own- Tbe csrdinal principle of Slavery—that the slave Utartof voted on the Tariff and Homeftead bills, will agree to the Senate^ rejectioB of tbem, and leare the; for this law, while unhappily recognizing a sys-Souto Florida and Carohna, Georgia,tion of what he is pleased to callthe social sys- tem of the slaveholding States," exalts Slavery as " tbe normal condition of human society"—" benefi-Stxonn, in a work of juridical as wall asphilantliroplctytem of servitude, known as vUienage, secur^ to theschool, wMcher"—best for the bappinew of both races ;" and, In "wife against rapegave to his marriage equal valHl-perbrarlescnstomaiy eminence, whether we eonridar Hfciailaa strictly called public, ox IlbiarleB of ik* eam*a»<-entbusiaftic advocacy, declaresagricultorethat the very key- toLeof tbe mighty arch, which by its concentrated of the defeat of these meaaures where strength is able to sustain our social superstructure,—^froud's Law of Slavery, p. 23.ty;toe valae of farming implemente and machtoery.ImpossibilityM jraperly belongs. Tbia wIU avoid the necessity for« aallcd sesalon of Confrets.Out of this definition, as from a solitary germ, which consists in the black marble block of African Slavery. in ite pettiness might be crushed by tbe hand, towerstbe Constitution, and without a single sentence, phrase or word upholdingStates, 4,521,260.more than five limes toe number to toe whole lead ofdefiance of tbe express letter of:aw— ,re-Slaveryit sordidly takespro-A .Isve Is one who ia in the ijower of a masterat as aaauallogic of Slavery, which, tbe whole accumulated valuation of tbe Slave figures do not disctose tlie wkote rtlliws»ua ; for Urn*free institutions in the world." and Mr. McDcrra, bebelonss, Tbe master may him, disposebythe barbarousArt. 36.1 ef Ur. BccHUiia wiib the Covode Com- ciety arc the best In the world ;" and his colleague In similar spirit, tbe law of Maryland thus indi- bajbaiism elsewhere in the worldMir^blgan, equal in territory, were admit'ed into tbe Union to toeMr. BlxwooB FtSBxa, It la nndarrtood, wIU file biabelong to his master.— Ciril Code, rectly defines a slave as an articleKnock that out," he savs, '* and the mighty fabric,with all that it upholds, topples and tumbles to its and you will comprehend the whole monstrousfall." Thesewerebisverywords,utteredindebateite better days, when its early rigors were spent—likestates te 095, and toe sum total of volraaa la M$,#IT ; showtog an excess (or freedom of oion tkaa tmitm^ toonsand Itoraries arul more toan tliiee miniiiag of volumes. In toe Free Sti^s the ootamea aekaalU- brariesare 11,881, andcontaia 1,980 081 vgioiBii ;lm:.f •-*V-'^'^and his colleague, (Mr. Mason,) who has never hesitated where Slavery was In question, haspriv- ileges unknown to the American slave—to ceitain cases of cruelty rescued him from bis master—pre- vented the separation of parente and children, also of:Mi. Sraooa'a q>e«cb to-day was tistsoed to attan-•rely by Ike Senate and moat of the members of the Beaae,whocrowdedIntobearhim.Itisprononnc-cerned,hechanged,onasubsequentday,toele-bartered,leased,mortgaged,bequeathed,invoiced,brothersandsistersandevenprotectedhimtothe""vating," aisumlng still that it is "ennobling" to tbe master^wbich is simply a new version of an old as- sumption, by Mr. McDrPFis, of South Carolina, that ** Slavery supersedes tbe necessity of an order of nobilltv."Thus, by various voices, is the claim made forforward as a lorm of defiantlycan be called civilization—except by that figure ofennobling to t>oth master andproclaimed that it isslave"—a word which, so far as the slave was con-to whose beheste his life, master, libertywhich iscivilization—as if its existence were not plainly in-hog, branded like a mule, yoked like an ox, hobbled like a horse, driven like an ass, sheared like a sheep, maim-has where toe prevailed-$631,277,417;' -'•^putMil vasreoommttted by the House to the Select Com- consistent with the first principles of anything that ed like a cur, and constantly beaten like a bruteunli»elash Is not allowed to lacerate the back of a female where no kriilc or braoding-iron Is employed uponany human being to mark htm as theIt will be recollected that the Pacific Bailroad94,product perto toe Slave StatesSlavery,servitude,yoe.rs,and the and toeIn classical literature, where a thing takes its name from something which it has not, »s the dtead- fnl fates were called merciful because they were vplthoutmercy. Andpardon the allusion, if 1 add, that,fellow manto listen 10 tbe desires of his slave for emancipation and where the blood of the master, wlto hisspeechThe law of Slavery, Imitatingwrere the master isalready 1,106,397 volumes1,098.fSUn Stat** asahole In which be was pestered by lodged,;togloomymoeqtutoes and exhaling noisome vapors, whereyourmedan Moors who so long occupied Spatosides, our tbiiteen colonies bad no umbilical connec-tion w lih Spain. Nor is it derived from English stet-utesc* American stetotes; for we have the positive In manufactures the fiailure of toe Steve Stetes is 107,943 volumes to her libtarlosIcrueltyky tbem, or such of them as sball accept the terms Besatndes. It is natural that Senators, thus insensi- in its law does Slavery paint itself:borrowed, perhaps,ure, but styled by Chinese pride the Hotel of tbemight but it is whsn we look at deteils, and detect its essential ele- mente—five in number—all Inspired by a single mo- tive, that Its cb^acter becomes completely manifest.Foremost, of course, in these elements, is the im- pocstble pretension, where, barbarism Is lost in im- piety, by which man claims property in man. Against such arrogance tbe argument is brief. According to the law of Nature, written by the same hand that placed the planets bi tbeir orbits, and, like them, con-a oftoeeternalsystemoftbeuniverse, stituting partble to tbe true character ofSlavery,Senator from Virginia (Mr. DlASOR) and also of otoer Senators, that in not a stogie Stale of toe Union can such stetutes au-to the value ofthe rawto toe A shortthe Piaas; aad Msa aaalaprotiibition even within Congresfionai juriadiclion. so that the slave- master may at all times enter the broad outlying Ter- ritories of tbe Union with the victims of bis oppres- sion, and there continue to bold tbem by lash andii lathe Kbeyond the reach ofCongressional'Arkansas, 377.000. In FreeKentucky, 6.582,888. laSUve Sooth CanUaa, 744Vchain.Such are tbe twoNaked he is bom, but tbisfrom tbe human form. Awoolen, pig-iron, wrought Iron and iron casttoga—all^, f' 'aaaii—tbe first an assump- tion of fact, and the second an assumption of consti- tutional law, which are now made without apology orhesitation. Idoubttbemboth. TotksJiTstIopposeenslave taken in war captivesand tbis African bar-sbowtogtoe contrast It also be illustrated might930 to Free Hassackuaatts, 04 «»4 aU;morning creation,aad Ohio Railroad, through the District, to connect property m man. These" two assumptions naturally —earlier than the maledictionpubdsh 163,583,668.assumptionsman be in this world's but he ownsa comparison between diflerent Stetes—by ehowing,forinstance,thattoemanufacturesofHanachusatte,ber toan to toe tan SUve Stat**, Tlr- Marylmid,-the essential barbarism in all its of Slaverypurchase-money, no transmission from band to hand,"also aened ia the delaUi. bi- aggregatelte piettnctnng in the sky or squatting in the toad. To the se^ price, can defeat this indefeasible, (rod-given fran- Mr. BknvasT, of Maryland, (Amer.,) moved to take cond 1 oppose the unansurerable, irresistible truth, that chise. And a divine mandate, strong as that which vp the bin to give tbe right of way to the Baltimore the Constitution of the I'nited States nowherg^re&ognises guards loife, guards wlihberntyGoadlsos.aidElvetetnheartetbe veryheld the slave as a chattel, eltoer directly from toetheslaveinstlhaevep-lcaanptteorrbecamethusthe propertyof fore,toapproximationsfromotherquarterstbe original captcr." (Neal vs. Fanner, 9 GeorgiaReports, page 5Sj,) It is natural that a right graoddnacntsmonnt valued at $1,377,199,968; toe Slave Stetes, 79il50,738. Of relikloDi newtpsmn, tte flight murder—He with tbe Virginia roads. go together. They are twins" suckled by the same set an everlasting difference between man and nenough tba^.'ave Stales Sm which enter into commerce, the Free States papers, pubUih 8,812,810 ;againstMr. Cuiaaos, of Pesosylvanla, (Rep.,) hoped not. hunt And the latter cannot tie answered without ex- chattel, giving to man dominion over the fish of thewolf. They are the "couple" in the present slave Be proceeded to show that tbe Baltimore and Ohio posing the former. It is only when Slavery is ex-thus derived in defiance of Christendom shouldtoe Free StdEei, nX~Bead in its rates on coal discriminated against Penn-sylvania.Mr. Kasonnr said he would talce occasion to replyto Ika remarks of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and waald Aow that Us iqiposition to the bill was basedover thebibltea in lis truly hateful character that we can fully appreciate the aosnrdity of the assumption, which, inof his slave, over bis con- 136,656, and the Slave States 52.«L'2;;iBeservtog, human left from human tree.the barbarous idea that man can hold property in Slavery tyrannically assumes a power which HeavenBut toFree StatesStetes 855 517 tons, betog a difference of five tohuman man.Inclines to freedom, and toe womb of the bond-woman can deliver only a slave. From its home in Africa, wheie it is sustained by Immemorialhaving5,252,615 tons, and toe Slaveyet folsU into this blameless text On former occasions I have discussed Slavery onlyiIII'jibondage,sumptionSlavery. Thus,to contributians to acience,llteratma,; incidentally inthe that principleusage, ocean to American soil.opeo, tiaversed^the It en-unfoldingsing tie unconstitutionality of the Fugitive Slaveas,Slavery is sectional and Freedom national"eclipse and ligged wito curses dark" which to ]020 landed its crufi cargo at Jamestown in Virginia, and it has boldiv taken its place in ever>- succeeoing slave;by toe Slavebill;endowed with a sou! that shall Uve immortal, when sun. and moon, andmote thanonlynow- more than five to one, andte sUIl galafOa.in exhibiting the imbecilityIke second and third sections of the bill compelling throughout the Revolution of tlie Slave States, and stars have passed away.atetsunts to sue in two years or forfeit their lands, Tke question was divided, and the second sectionesrecially of South Ca^-ollnaSKOJuifj— Slavery paints itself again in its complete abrogation of marriage, recognized as a sacrament by the Church, and recognized as a contract whereveriu count-:of toe Slave Stetes, $132,067,216.Missouri Territory;and lastly, in unmask- ing the crime against Kansas. On all these occasions, where 1 have spoken at length, 1 have said too littleof the character of Slavery, partly because other top- civilisation prevails. Under tbe law of Slavery no .The subject waa postponed till Uif o'clock to- ics were prfcsented, and partly from a strong disincli- such sacrament is respected, and no such contractaaotrow.The Cancas Mil was taken up,now— human freight, regardless of human agonyo.nly a barbarous nature could attempt towield that vengeance wlilch belongs to the Lord. ments of barbarism. In this character It is now con- a slave.; for he would then become familiar with the ter ie'ss than that Slavery. happtoeesM* Slave States number to slave South Canllaa, wltti a popolalianavengetois great ccntroversvof which he forms aand tbe tambs that spicuous before tbe world. In undertaking now toexpose the barbarism of Slavery, tbe whole broadfield is open before me. The re is nothing ia its char- which 1 omaot fail to hear. Eesldes, what am I— acter, its manifold wrong, its wrete.bed results, and what la any map a nong the in ite influence on the class wlio claim to,societypart,the essential ele-;; to(laveTbe years .Iha; haveofhaustiess motive power distributed throughout IteStales been backward in charity when toehave been smitten. The records of MassachusettsIntenenod,Scrlptuies, thunders of SitinaispeakingThe number to free Conaeetlct vras I to 377have bcenoj-eaca time 1 too. spoke, have tbeir vaicesat the of the beglnntogliving or among the dead especiallythat Masters, give unto your servants thatunder theparticularThecrtaMagainstKansasstandslight. Search history, anj yoi; cannot 6nd its have even against any comparison between tiction of jace.I.i>e saved, to mankind climate is often churlish, »-hose motive power is less that the amount charity contrtouted by toe Steve gfirlaeUoD. 115) toa ,to"o*«i'^J2Sf?fi5!^^parallel. The ilavetraiie is bad:sealo.'l I'}- ice, and whuse coast, while less in extent $12,182and VIrgiida, It was while tooluding Virginia $S3 398,Slave Stetes who aren^<i:"o^H(^J'nt»j^mS,'.* Ilvinx in Free Statas'wkocontrivance by wMeb, in a Ctiristlan age, and «-ithinthe Umits of a Republic, all forms of coiicUtutional tions '." Sir, in this Nioeteenlh C€ntur>- of Christian ous!egiegioos Tke census of 1850 butitsbarbarismIsyetmorecoscpicuooswhen J"-','.''m•""tJs^e'KFr-e'efState*whowarabomialiberty xsere pervertedthis teriitoiy, tlus spacious and fair. again ofwe ccnsider Its educational establishments, and thefound 60i>.3TI Slave st:.tes,c,«-e<werewhile iMfiX bora la tte FJaa onlynot uonaturai, though mistaken. 'Two civiliza- manacles upon his soul. Sir, is not Slaver}- barbar-defiles the choicest banquet. See what it does wlto erystates^ *iVf;^ *!in the appropri- humannaturewerevtolated,andthewhole/^ouutrj wliereFieedomprevails. BetweenSlaveryandciiU- jLtion ofall tbetoil ofIte victims,excludingtbem AnimporU;ittodication prosperity;resultswhichmtbeSlaveStates. Aadslaeettespoiledtkrow of this partition, and the seizure of all by exposed. Nor Is this the only difficulty. Slavery and not for himself. AlasastheMtesouriandstronglyti'. in Ibid, toe population of toe Slave SUte&,swolleB slave;pUgbledov^ pauperir-ed.yet and was while A solemn poet, ana, Florida Teia«— only 9,612,7I>P,Compromise;allgroundingAnd this transaction is by toe annexation of toree foreign territories Louisi- leges 6«r,!B7. iTthe material,""region Slavery,tbe violation off_ i>e»ie _, ,me have not IfccenFt eea diflerence ofM an&SS£S?.°.h-' a.cStls^^^r legislature of thismore than themore thanthe subsequent over-itself merein each decennial census, un-of theBlarerycpbacy to focce Sl»i ery at »U hazards Into Kansas sight b blooms toe bloody Sower. It is on the not witoout tliustratl.ve' bul„W5I,nlgfs.,VMl^ bsaeoessive Invariooii by which aU was on the marble steus whieh securitytherethepeUs. and, throujh pretended farmsAAnd aith the other too.^ a sbtlllDg ont.are, by tbeir nearness to FraadOB, acre, a bile richer Uads iB otkar part* of;saerlleglous seizure of the very'.ve guar-pennyPollMlc's CourtetfTime. Hook t7/f.,fi3f.and 175 «51 volumes to toeir;of Uw,thev^feXs!tbe upon thU';annexations,Inetsaad sdentlfie apparatus,icished."-^SSUi worpation, and, among oule'r'thlnits. with whicb 1 have been honored by a genstoos and tort oaths, calculatod to^ Iwhile OBto to toe Free Stetes waa 23,513, to iasasensibility, yetprotest when these assumptions areof allthat far his own good be must w-ork for ids master,offaith the con- is a bloody toui;b-me.not, and everywhere in whole raceBy his donationjugalparentalOf thesecopies publi&ned to Massachusetts alone is 8,033c^ .^y langnaga, SlreeUynor SiS»«>d«ofdeath>uch.stheworldhasrarelybarl^m.beO•ftB«quesHoB.Slaveircanfflilybeloexertian.Tellnw,Sir,isnotSlaverybarbaroustgtneral/nun the sj^e all the fruits of his hare o» a former ooaaslon. Minted In • (teiaeat ealon but I eaanat forget Such is SUv«iy la lb fiva spe<^ elemeata of bar-exposejre-ily,imlaMiT ta oeataw;AndyetthemoetlmportantpMtof the arFJawmtwaa that n8Jure>» atornest painter has bean called tbe best. barism, as rcGOgaiaid by law first, aisumiag18U, tke FreecoastentevideEoe for freedonu Take Tinlaia, dtoous pufiUe lehoote, had «Uk f,1 mean ttatwWoh is fcnndinthediraeterof SUvery. TUa nataral se-The bs'^.Tbulsm of StaveiT apfMan flrat, ta the ehar- •ctetel Slavery, aad neeat^.tn the character ofmsa can hold property in man the retaUon of buftwiia and wifeatthattimeleft nntouohedooeUwithtba permlMhm of Uio Senate, I oroposa sUve masters. Under the first head we shall natural- the parental tie;;ly consider (1) the law of Slavery and lis origia, and edfeNew-York nualtocooeof$2,0t7e9a,e7b2e4i.s,I1d04t.hSe7SdobBb. aliseans(2) the praetlcal resnlta ot Slavery, as shown In a; ;New-York •cboole, to a largeextent,wherenav«ir -»_f''»»mt:v>rc«f' ^'- 'SlaveryreetlT, openly sod thoroughly. It must be exhibited slaves,' here glancing at tbeir three brutal Inltru- judgment,areoutofplaea. Ttieymaytnmawaywrathtimes aanouaea that tj^ey reslrt Slavery on political itself. When tbis is done, the picture will need no ccmes stillbut whatia thettrathofnuiT This is no time to aban- don any atraBtata ta tb* argument, Senators some-the whole fivefold combtoatlon must awake a five-,•62.42a, wltbTa,«Isupportednumber, In tbe Slaveteachers, and withanal expense of $2,71»,»l. TkisdUtoaMMMrka mnstraud by dstZs.;ted Into toe Union as as long agoI ^III;1 meaaao BBBiberoftaaohaBiiortkaaiaMatMidfafMan, created U\ ern themselves." The Senator is mistaken. It is the image of God, is divested of bis human cliaractar an out) age where five diflerent pretensions all con-choeendefinition. Itissimplythisand declared to be a " chattel "—that ia, a beast, a '5%ueSs 4S4,M^ Arkansas,equallaagoandstxawitkMkU-thing or article of property.of property In the Free States was «4.107,162,)98, while In1I0,4M. CarccK MatOBlaaehinot be fought with excnaesor with rosewater. There thority, I quale the statotes of three dUTerent States, SUvery:toe SalsasveertSetdetes it wisi#n2h,9u3m6,a0n90.737property flesh, only tl,655.»4S,- public school, while the Utter Stabs kag*m«*-'^'meritnot to be ranked among sentient beings, but amongacre—te amuchlazgor{aopovtlavlhBala supplied by the whites of Soato CandJaa.cludingtile;:bondman nrlvlleges unknown to toe American slave; 860,simply $181perbeing less toau toat of— obtslDB as undoubted law in all of these [Slave! States.85acre.The Slave Stales boast ofand here, again, the Free Stetes kava tfealrthings— is an article of property—a chattel personal;mairiage of his master, and surrounded;our Upas tree and all its gigantic poison. Study It,'whicb it establishes. Tbe slave is held simply for theFi-c*9t*t». 877,736 97,688,040 $2,143,344,437Sure States 564 103 54,970,427use of his and happinessImprovedland...''whom he msrv beshipped as cargo, stored as goods, sold on execution knocked ofi' at public auction, and even steked at thearedevoted,andby—and secbndly because toe ttiirteen' $19831,117,649,01489toeSlaveStetestheyaraISO,anacontaia97,731vol- rto law. Nor is there within tbe anythingbefore the d iscovery of tliis continent bad lost all livtogefficacy. It Is not derived from the Mahomedan law for ur-der tbe mild injunctions of toe Koran, a benignantof the Free States, for toe»858,f.34,334, while those of toe Slave States were' ''^-7cordinglimit ot life itfUcted on a beast which may not be in-at toe product per acre in toe Free States'-flicted on a slave. He be marked like a may; all according to law. And should life itself be taken,,what Is the remedy ?that rule of evidence which in barbarous days and barbarous countries prevented a Christian from testi-of the whole Africanand thus having already surrendered the slave;mtogllngbond- woman, takes from her toe transferable charac-am r«-1 to, pioTidine that the granttea and their ass>j- remarkable traveler in China, tbe late Asbs Hnc, of a bond or free, to testify in any case against a vrtiite lawlook at toem in any light, and the eonclnaon will bean acre, and moie toan twice as much is produced Slavery. So, also, are the libraries of IU* aMihiifying against an amendment,* which was unanimously minded of the kindred extravaagance related by that incompetencylistening to these sounding words for Slavery, Irace,whethermanto all possible outrage,;for this law contains human elements, unknowneach The of rice agriculturist. monopoly cotton,a Mohamedan, the openly pronouncesInedsttol* for Fieedom. The Ubrazi** aiobe collegecrowns Its very testimony throughex- bloody of the slave-master be exposed. Thuswlto a climateandhuman being has a complete title to himself di-we might3,9«7,7M,- Obfo,M,47I,40reveiyrect from tbe Almighty.isbirthright Inseparablememorable judgment, (toe Anrelope, lo Wheaton R., 66,) still asserts aright, discarded by Christendom, to:may poor goods,hiinsrlf. No war or robbery, ancient or recent, no;middle no change of cUme.'no no passage, capture,Supremeshrunk from this conclusion.tbe last year, exceeded Stetes combtoeo.of all the SlaveAlabama, Florida, Looidaaa aad Hisdsstnpi,tm»,denied, while under its barbarous necromancy, bor- rowed from the sources of evil, a man is changed into a chattel-a person is withered into a thing—a soul is shrunk into merchandise. Say, Sir, in your mad-: ness, that you own the sun, the stars, the moon butand toe tonnage of Massachusette altme being the Slave States. The tonnage built durtog thisand evena* attestedastMtfdo not say that own a man, you:tyranny which the byandsometimes toree crops in a year, are touslmpotent to toe competition wito Freedom.and toe^ common sckool Ubmlaa of New-York are more toan twice as as all toe libraries of SUvery." Licensed to bold influences, no matter bow many times, and no matter at what slave property," says the Court, toe Georgia planterduitogtho^combtocd. ThU eaonnona dispronatiaB ia Ikksea, and over the fowl of tbe air, and over every liv- ing thing that moveth upon the earth.any mitigating influence the engaged to trade, toe Free States had Ofliteraryjournals, toe Slave Stetes pubOA•'jiThit right we heldbut man over men Be made notjord, such title to himselfover hisover toe emplovment of his lime, over all the acqui-tonnage employed,Fiva latter, toe number ofasore than four years, to address the Senate on thiiImportant subject, 1 should suppress the emotionsBatnral to sueb an oecaslon If I did not declare on tbe sumption of fact. It w as the often quoted remarket tluough all dei-cenrting generations. The Senator Htqmtxir ventrem, which simply renders toto ancient within toiee years, durtog the height of onr bosT sea- States. Of toe mwttoesheld my graUtsde, to thatftraugh whose benign cars I am enabled, after muchoCertag and many changes, oi.ce again to resume of all Tillalnlts." The phrase Is pungent: but itSupreme BeingJosn "WssLir, who knew well howalso how to touch hearts, that Slavery was " the sumFreedom.FiB8TAs6t!«PTio!f.— Of course I begin with the as-tricks them out with a phrase of bsrbarous pedigree—i4would be rash in any of us to criticise the testimonyin 1654, there were 13,105 miles in the Freewords,parison between Slavery and polygamy, and winces. Ihailtbissensibilityastheslimofvirtue. Lethimexistingnicetl as «u existing rule of American Slavery.recog- Suchson.Railioadsand canals are toe avenues of commerce;and here again toe Free States excel. Of railroads toPo<r> and Poetry af Amaica, ISt anblocd,but doomed for tbeir mother's skin to Slavery,the Roman law, discarded by the common law, partttsjIII Itrade that are owned in Virginia:and I have been nn- in DurcxiSL's CyclapaHa ofto use as from Mississippi (Mr. Baows) Is galled by tbe com- Latir. an rule of .African barbarism,poetenthmattU Oiuwatf* tit ft* FN*ofthe enormity of tbis institution, which is now vaunted all bound to nlm by tbe marriage tie, and in otlier re- the law which blasted toe Slave-trade as piracy,andis not toe of com- bers. Out of toe Fraee Steitnestoe lltawrhatoar*aple experienceSlaveryEnglish1,116it is toe same as when we try toem by ania- have come alllowabip wUcb is found In thinking alike concerningtke'Bepubllc, 1 owe thanks which 1 seize tills mo- least to the if not Look at it in whole race is delivered over to prostitution and con- master, the slave.Thirdly—Slavery paints itself again in its complete abrogation of the paiental relatici), which God in his benevolence has provided for the nurture and educa-Iionly agentmerce, but of civilization, jotos in toe uniform testi-pun- as In itseU a form of civilization. ennobling" at spects protected by By Slavery, ishable wlto deato, bad a diflf'erent tosplration fromof toe country—Irving, Prescott, Spaits, Baacroft,teot (e express for tbe indulgence shown me through- whatever light you will, and it is always tbe scab, tbe cubinage, without tbe protection of any law. Sir, is aast Iba protracted seclusion enjoined by medical canker, the " hare bones," and the shame of tbe not Slavery barbarous ?toe a amount cdeoflilceicttoefd $w1,a2s15o,n1l«y9.$l,I9n«3t,h05e0,SalnavdetShteaetexspetnosee of car- lying the mails S6,016,6)2. leavtog the enormous de- the diflerence between toe twoLowell—aad I mightadd to tte JUL Indefinitelywrong, not merely in the abstract, as is often admitted by Ite apologists, but wrong m the con- crete also, and possessing no single element of right.is a higher law above, so there is a lower law- bolow, and each is felt in human afl'aira.countrygrossestWhen last 1 entered into this debate, it became my grossest Albeism. Fourned in violence, sustained tbe Saviour called unto him, though clasped by aofthe mateiials are so obvious and diversified, that my ibe value of churches In the Free States wasdat; to expose the crime against Kansas, and to in- aSatupan tbe immediate admission of that Territory as aJMate of tbis Union, with a Constitution foibld-sweptthe auctioneer. I do not dwell on this exhibition.Sir, is not Slavery barbarous?In territory and population, 184. Frcmallthesethtogswemightinferthawbicbfilt lie said, may venture even to;is aiore extensive, stretching over 851,448 the missionary cause, the ^rstthe States, trith dnMs the laUtcuere but 248,735 native whites over twtHtg jfemn af aga &;but the question;gatesfix the bound-aries of wisdom ttaelf. 1 have no personal griefs to struments it employs;cumulativesecond ti34. For toe Tract Society, the $101.;tterinto this «bsmber. I have no personal wrongs tothisunhappypredicttmeM. IntteaUveSMMoioaily aliarbarons egotism could Intrude tlicse;"The amount contributed toMassachusette for theof compensation blast the master as well as the sltve;ill be to abridge and reject; and here I shall pat the Slave States and Free States face totoe free States inIntheSlaveStates$21,674,581. Thevol- untaty chari^ contributed to 1855, for certem leadtoglargeprevalent in the slave States; but thisblast the lands on which thev Uveblast the com- blast the Govern-chief care w$67,773,477purposesofChTistian the same in the Slavemuntty of which they are a partment which does not forbid tile outrageitself again in closing the of knowledge, which are also the shining gates lemadBL Jtesumlng the discussion precisely where ger it exists, and the more completely it prevails, of civilization. Inder its plain, unequivocal law, theto toe Free For the Bible cause, toe Free Stetesdiag aiaw.ry. Time has passedI left#,'t.am happy to arou that rule of luuderation.and tbe lon- must its blasting influences penetrate the whole socialface, showing Slavery.pointtoeblastingin specific resulte of a deploratilecbaraetar,ijaars Mat <a Mrsystem. Barbarousinorigin bcrbarous In all Its pretensionsbarbarous In its lawthe unrestrained will of his master, be shut out from ail instruction, while in many places.all natural Tbeir ter- advantages.;iimnt!/ viars of agev>hoeoMsutrtaimmiim}U*,wttlawk-^iV.-2:F<mr(*li/—Slaverypaintsat eachbenevolence, was, for purposes;*" law. the license of ato the tobies for 1859, tbe collected to toe Free States was $5,532 999,Hlldreto and Hawtkorae BlBB- postage Emerson. Motley, ;kill ;.and I trust that it will not be thought unbe-«Mning in me to put on record here, as an apologyfar laarving my seat so long vacant, without malting Look at it in the light of principles, and it is noth- tion of the human family, and which constitutes an teiidcd in toe of that law;law-, and originder the flluslan of an iavalld, whose hopes for res- nal law of God, involving in its pretensions the law of Slaver}'—happily beelr.ning 10 be modified in for, on tbe ;etttr ofthe law alone Slavery must be mails, and not a single Slave State paid for the trans- 9,560 to toe Slave.way, ky resignation, for a successor, that I acted un- ing less than a huge Insurrection against the eter- essential part of civilization itself. And yet, by the 1 might stop, without proceeding in this aigunientdenial of all human rights, and at$f3 the de- some places—this relation is set at naught, and in its condemned. But the tree is known by its fruits, andbeing of the of pay one-third expenseissued durtog the last three years,taaatioato his natural health constantly triumphed nial of tbe divine law wMch God himself is mani- place IS substituted tbe arbitrary control of the mas- these I now ahall exhibitmeportation of Its malls, not evenDelaware. Massachusette. besideshad a surplus larger toan the whole amount collected; barbarous in the in-conuibuted $319,667,ritorj- free.bondman may, atIncredible to relate, the law itself, bytheSlaveStates,$66,125. Forbarbarous in consequencesbarbarous wherever it shows it- to read. Of course, the slave cannot be allowed tosquaic miles, while the free States, including Cali-(cmls. embraces only iil2,5'.'7 square miles. Here is adifferer.ce 01 more than i38.0Oo square miles m faiorof tbe ."iave States, snowing that freedom starts in port of missions was greater than that contributed by 53. Tbe number to free;barbarous in spiritself. Slavery must breed barbarians, while it devel- ops everywhere aiike in the individual, and in theprovisions, positively forbids thathe shall be;taughtmsup- proportion was 1 to 12for bis soul would then inexpand larger air,;1 taread,while be law the gloiy of the North Star, and also the helping truth that God. who made iron, never madewith a more ttian afield auar-_all the Slave States, and more than eight times toat contribut€d by South Carolina. Nor have toe Freelatlon of nearly a milliOD, waa 1,815, «r 1 tl UT under toree hondred thousand, wa» 15,980, or 1 b» T.in the "He that stealeth a man and seiieth turn, or if he t>e found in;'•oompared wtth the question before us? It is this be " ennobled " by it. that will not fall naturally un- which is and :" with that great story of dtiiledbv hospitable harbors—toe whole presentmg direction of thatIalone which lahalldiscuss, ana optn tbe airumentder oonsideratioa.irccmpaVible advantages for that true civilizationwhere agriculture, manufactures and commerce, gia. In 1S55 wewhen tte Lord raised the slave-born Mo- ses to deliver his choeen people from the house ofthat sublimeforth in painful ators on former occasions revealing their sensibility, Saviour died a cruel death, that all men, w-lthout dis-might•noimlty is petty cempareU with that elaborate the two social systems produced respe<-tively by Free- make Slavery impossible. Thus, in order to fasten and with fewer harbors.VI ere saddened by the prevalence ofwith that easy victory which u I know well the difficulty of this discussion Involv-lound In charity. ed in the bumiliatini; truth with w-uich 1 bccin. Sen- bondageiMJtb domeitic and foreign, blend—mfever in Portemouth', Va.; and, now, from aregarded:;protestedbu'. even this what were called the "two civilization*;,*' meaning comraandmente which, even without his example, various, whose navigable rivers are fewer and oftendom and Slavery. Tbe sensibility and the protest are your manacles upon vour slaves, vou fasten otherby which ail the .-igbts «f light, thcr-c can be but one clviliiatlon, and this is Fi/rtfy-Slavery paints Itfelfcensus (page.as wewayside approach tJie nstionol it Is that States,The effecte ofwemount;itflauntson turewho dasteored, and the electoral franchise itself was tUs floor, .t stand now in the houas of Its friends.EcbolarsMp,tkedae aad theoloiry, toe free states had 65, withciprocal.troddea downAbout me, »»blle i speak, are its most sensitiveWith one band put to tbe u rn af poverty.iooteremarkable,-if we confine our toquiries to thewhite population... which, at this period, was only8,ie4,4n In toe Slave Stetes, while U was 13,238,S70 in Bbrai^; while the slave .»>';««» ^il,""'^, ^J worto only $8 42. In Qttnolf, laodidiais, who hian ready eltb.'ir to do or not to do where Slavery is inshown in the past how much4^Sdentemnfoaalnnai SChOOlS. With 122 prOICSSOrS, I,tSU7with thestill withthat ancientte.vt.DecalogueIlls bauds, he shall surely be put to death ;"other text.ju-t eijiialSamcilIbe relief of inhabltents of South CsroUna and Geor-dismal colors all come from official figures, toere an two other aspecte ta which for a moment II may Daredemption,and withw-here story, theall these re- )ellowU toe influenceitwhich hascmort-:in natural by more toan fifty'navi- gable livers, never closed by the rigors of Wtoter, and in a stretch of coa^^l along ocean and gulf, in-show that as long ago throughout the Commonwealtli,biseamlngs,librariesof!by such a is a fallacy—;ypcgeneral,frompoverty,withVbrgtoia,and to slave Norto CaroUaa, I to 3.only— greater stllL It appesrs at all points.; thirdly,abrowttng fearthly, olostog tte gates of knowf- and M'hly appropriating toe unpaid labor of another". Take «ws(r these elcmenU, sometimeswith amiles less-tbaa herseaport, Virktoia some tliree or four has one noble river, Virginia has severalBOW to lopply. MotlTa is to crime as soul is to body;aad it is only when we comprehend Oe mottre thatwe can truly comprehend tbe ciiae. Hera the mo- eompslsoD betweea tke free State* aad tte slave called abuses,-"' and Slavery wUl cease to exist, for for four bnadiedaiiles runs along the frosea line of deptadenoe mnet beexample. of the Free withoutFraedom aad aUmi ansuchCapitol: whose verse has touiKi wide favor, pictures a crea- reached 13,434,!>sa, showing a diflerence of 3,822.143;'theThat this statement resent motiveml and peisonal, do toa Free States excel toe Slavemay not seem to be put forward without pneiie as- men without wagia!li"" as lamasHaasaehnsattt.hwir.aiMfraiS'*is austere work to be done, and Freedom cannot con- beginning with South CaroUna, whoea voice for Slav- less extendedlutnctkni are beingt to be fonraided by ezpien to Mr. Hclam, sent to fling away any of her weapons. If I were (ry slways bss an unening distinctiveness. Here is regionstead of millions, the five-headed enormity would find<»i ^rtiat.aglatanee be can to American eitlzeiu, but would not allow me. The whole character of Slavery judged in law to be chattels personal in the bands of Utile Indaulngdence. All would rise agatost It, while toe repoit of toe Secretory of the Treasury, when toe those of Boston are valued at $72l),St2. fand ad-as a pretended form of civilization ia put directly tbeir ewners and possessors, and their executors, ad- teliglon clvilUatlan would lavish their choicest vaiua'lon of toe Free States was (3,770,191,686, orIsaoe, pertinacitywhich banish all reserve on this side. In these as- sumptions, Senators from South Carolina naturallyand purpcses whatsoever.—2 Brev Dig.,;and of the Slave Sutes, $3,977,353,-Slaves shall be deemed, held, taken,Senators on the other sidetmTmiUl ottt no hope to the Meilean GoTcnuneat for in with a and a hardihood Boinlstrators and assigns, to all intents, constructlens efforts to tbe general warfare. But what is wrong • 14 72 per acre^^ 203 public fchoola, wito 353 teaden, aad _And here Is the definition the Civil Code many. If it is thus to a soul—or 59 acre. Thus, to $4 per$237 Biltiraore has 000;propertyflesh,only $64,240,726;toatMichigan,mals of any kind, the court, if it deem it advantageoussupplied bywTong degrade singleif it is wrong thus to degrade you, Mr. President—it cannot be right to degrade a whole race. And yet tbis;sister Stete. New-York baa one schools, with 4,»113,797if Its vlclims were counted by tens and hundreds, in-acre was tlO 47disproportion was still greater in IgSS, according to slavery, h-as school bnlldlaga valued at tnHnf-when done to one man, cannot be when done to rightor, if we deduct toe asseited to human pi-opertyat ancnaaM H'relations, sitions, should be recognized, wzdle no generous pre-ship from that early day tillhfclptogto tbe pickwas $404,368,502The exports of thetoe Slave States, including toe vaunted cotton crop,less victims plunged beneath toe wavesand it hasStetes$167,520,693;ofleft the slave ship only to travel inseparable from;has passed, and the debate is now lifted from details check. Natural afff ctions which have come together >cus African chiefs perpetuated in American also. Add to this testimony of figures the testimony the authors were 73;Grander debate has not occurred in are rudely torn asunder; nor is this all. Stripped offromAIasok,) perhaps unconscious of their origin-perhapsnor can this de- bate close or subside except with the tiiumph ofevery ilelence, tbe chastity of a whole race is exposed tovioUuce, while the result Is recorded in the tell- tale faces of the children, glowing with their master'sbefore toe silting of a Southern Commercial Conven-1ourhistory;rarely in any history;tion. Thus he complains and testifiesThere are not half a dozen vessel* engaged to oar own contrast is still toe tame. Of the authorsdesirous to secure for them toe appearance of a lessand be will cx>nfess that there are dis- is tbe piato judicial origm of toe American slave code,State*.many elements in Slavery which are not present in in and the Caro- polygamy, while tbe single disgusting element of po- Georgia is more than in the li-which is now vaunted a» a badge of civilization. Butall law-, whatever may be Its judicial origin, wbetoer States, and 4,212 in toe Slave States. Of canals toerereflect, of that Illustrious founder of .Methodism, whose am- gustingjmy- duties here and to speak for tbe cause wl^ch is soaear my heart. To the honored CommonwealUivfbote reinresentati\'e 1 am, and also to my immediate linas, seems to have been all condensed in this sen- lygamy present Slavery. By•aaeclates in this body, ^ith whom I enjoy the fel- tentious judgment. Language is feeble to express all cense of polygamy one man may have many wives. sometimesof light aid sometimes of WTODg. Surelyoperationwere 3,682 miles in toe Free Stetes,Slave States. And If we autoors at try by weight•'^.^v.^-' ';thatameTale away any one of them, aad the aboMtioa of licity. But freedom is better than climate, rivers or Free States,' wbetber wo eoasUar I_k_^a _ (2) slave masters in thsir relations with Slavery beMns. And when I present Slavery for seaport In 1790 the ptgiulation of VlrglnU wai papb,tk«mente aad slave masters ia their relations with thei e ma; be a rsaaosable dlllerence of but I ulatlcu ofsupport. New-York was 340,120, and In 1890 it was toe poor aad tteachooli, opta to afi^ka.(3)each other, with society, and ififh governmenttbatof TlrginUhasnotdoablad to toe Free Slates is nmairiilceht,a the rmli^g sixty Here «m;f if ~of sx:*lanatory words. considered. TUaiswrong.Slaverymustbe (1.)IbeginwithtbeLawofSlaveryanditsOri- Davis)saysThe Senator fromi 6t2,405, while Ohio had afreedom.As to population, so also to toa value efonly, and tei^d us that they say nothingMississippi (Mr. gbg, and liere this barbatitm palnta itself in iu own government for thoae who are not fit to gov-IIIonlyB Sotheatric Neri and but it Is a solemn battle betvieen right and wrong—between good and evU. Such a batue can-that it ts" but aulakeUral&etloas—of white and red roses—«ma&SttSSrJt larger tkaaOala.kas $7jnaaitequestion.f^taia, property to her public scbools. while ike latteropinton,and mean this five-fold embodiment of " abuse''—this 3.DS7,3S4anlmattng cbaraetcr, so that not «ily Its outside but its insUeoiay be seen.Tills is no time for soft words or excuses. All sMch will then be prepared for tbe consideration of tbe as- wlilcb, it considered separately, must be denounced toan nine fold. A similar comparison may lie made dom and Stevcrr. ThairauBdMr ia'tta tFnrte-eni~si":(4) slave masters in their imcmiseiousaess. The way gbasiiy qutocusx of barbarism—each particular of years, while that of New-York had multiplied more ibow a differaaca aa wtdo aa ttwt:at once wlto allftha areor of an honest soul, wbile_ byaaaBBoaleqwaaeaflil7'8$,between Kentucky, -with 37,680 square miles, admlt-littleformetodo,excepttoallowSlaverytopaintfolddenunciation.Butthisfive-foldcombinationbe-with39,964square admitted more batelnl miles,sumption of constitutional law.1. la presenting tbe character of Slavery, there Is'_1when Ite single motive Is 18C2. In 1850 the SlaveSlate hadpopulation of 1,980,329Statae^lgor Mahomedan, Roman or .African, may bebe uaced to otoer and ampler tofluenchs in nature, Slave States.to toe the qusllty,Inmate, acapled to productions of special valueol cli- to ex-:space highways,17SI,1 In5to ;MenK'ces to deterSioetstllcoonu.lQ ill Ov'sorve tlils liighpost of duty here ageneiatlmi ago, describes a kindred spirit, who, 7,05-t.ld3 Ia ilvor of freedom, and showing tlkat the afi'uodrenSii.. «d" »,796 volum» in tfeir Ubni. lands to IlUoote axe worth $8 Ot. Aa >___. ,_,___tta dii:salUera, ftfeadly to Idolatryand doubled, bnt commenced triple thatof the Slave in.iiiutiiMi v MtSravll a^ U k cteariy-pare*.AndaedlebratedtravelerthroughRussia,Slavery are worthonly$4icte,;to Massachusettsto toe Slave SUtes toere waia;wereprofitolStetes. Accordtog to toe census of the value 1850,gan, has oidy 8,491 bi ker pnbUetoe latter State hapsnpDa Sooth aehoalar«Mtow-«-sfo>^-mony. Accordtogvested its supporters with political power. As there expense of carrytag tbe malls $0,748,189, leavinglaw, whichsecuredotoerSlave-trade toroughcut an immense territory and In-,thatimmunity 'fortheandBryant, LongfeUow, Dana. HaUeck, 'WkHliar aadThus far, we have seen Slavery only in its nra-licit of $4,028 568deficits $2,813,372. The Slave States did not tras!edattesting toe toventive industry of th* ooa-and this brings second stage of toe argunrent.to thefor hers,to slave Souto39. Tbe number to free Connecticut, small in tar-- only by violence, such a wrong must by a sure law mother's arms, may be under the hammer of 2. In ronsiUering tbe practical results' of Slavery, in South Carolina. Accordtog to toe cenus 1850, ritory and population, was £28; in sUve Yirgtnia..lie and the at whose mere command little children, such as- ter,;payingMassachusetts972;Caroliaa,.influence of Tbe Stetes where this barbarism now existe excel.And here ;,States, showinghis azuses before an alter of the Greek white poputotion of toe Free Stetes had not only ^^ole number educated at these lands so in all otoer Influeooes U aenligktsned peopte, i.( could taesltete. has*«^ FroedSm^ beea oftea exposed to I'he presence of idolaters, fnd with the otkCT dellbeiately picked the pocket of a States, altheugk oceupytog smaller tenttoiy. The toe Stev^tatesChurch, devoutlTband,aad?r«. fs -*ay-^aMnafan&ta^w Slsrtiy i tl>« whol« crowaaa b; ua FluutifeM. S«ob vjuwipiet may gir« iacourag«. tasces, I emaot MiN to d*^c » fyiten wblsb DiffeeskBotbnriUiutfgtioB. Ia tke Stare 8tat«< Ui« laitlyj (heolofy. Ac<K)t^|ii( to titeUntitled Document-.raad saeaiiag the nilvlleges of tke dUzen tol actual hypoertiy kaa beea oius>ised in tlie presence of ScritMs fellow-stoaar3,812.bycessaitkeiearetold his beads with oneblf side. Not admiring these in- comparative spetaeaess of toe two populatloBS fur- in toe Slave States study law, next medicine, andand Freedoia[Cimtiitued ^Vitt^AM:];'But whtaoetrne!ame from toe Slave States cooU tad aplaceA similar disproportion appears to toe anmher ofiI ':,transportingtoe small State of1857, 1658 and :;'i"oclergy. Ofaesdentef abut if we take gny putlealaT Blave State^iidStates, aotuKWiMlac secondly,abrogating with a territory of (I,S}2 miles, aad New-York, 154.E93pupils,aadan annuWaWl,beoM,!.territoryof or over the Slave States47,000, 14,000 square had iulftorprotected his perEon against mayhem; protected his Massachusetts atone, which was $573,342,286, ot $114 Among educational establlslimeBta ara pakllB B-traiilage relation;Value of farm'gimplem'ts Such is theumes. In toe Free States the Sanday-eghool BlulMcolcnies were not derived from of those countries any«.'i,345,625aie 1,743, and costatn 476,858 volumes; talkafiava -vit come.not frombarism derived. It comes from AfricaCapita! ancient nurse Annualaad vskMavac.-, >%No, Sir,anyland ofcivilization ;is this bar-86,I90,6S933.2t7,360montoly, monthly quarterly,ehinctar, whetker Utorary, neatial, poUHnItarism is the beglnntog of American Slavery;and theNorto Carolina. South CaraUaa, n«*nU,Court of a Slave State-has not Georgia—gtoia,of his expressly enjoinedand, be-sugar cane,gianting two,Slavery;;-:;of eachthe Slave642.986,658gion, are told by Chief Justice MAsaaALL, in a different manufsctures—wbetoer of shoes, cotton,Tiiereisitsorigmandfountain. Ttiis t)enlghted re- This beillustratedbydetailswithregardtoiata SUvebut here agato, notwitostandtog their superior natural adv tn-wilh thebis ofi'f pring w ith generous presumptions of Freedom,unlike that rule of ) ours by which the servitude of teges, they must yield to toe Free States at every school, of toe college, aad of tke clrarcha Bare tki the mother Is necessarily stamped upon the child. It potot, in toe number of farms and plantations, to d i(cloiuies are stannig. Tka nnaber of UbiaiiM tli* is not derived from tbe Roman law, that fountain of the numt>er of acres of Improved lands, In the cash toe Free Stetes is 14,911, and tke sum total of volaaaB tyranny, fcr two reasons—first, because this law, in value of farms, to the average value per acre, and to is 3,888 234; toe number of Ubrartes tai the Oaraat $7at $3 49turist in ibe Free States at and toacre average product$342,'to agriculture than toe Slaveter of a chattel, and confers complete freedom upontheir ofl'sprtog. It is not derived from toe Spanish lions of dcllars, while twice as much U produced on of toe Free States are greater toan aU the Ubtariaaofemployed,toe most eflSclentit;agricul- Thus the Free States, with a smallershow an aimual sum toose of toe Slave States by two hondred and twenty-seven mil-States, total ofwith smalleragricultural producte surpassingannual and to toe aimual wages,Uble will show toe contrastrr«c states.$430,240,051 Value of raw material... 465.844,092Ita excel to toe number of newspapeiaaad$95,029,879 orfailure of tke Steve States U onSlave-tiader. or from toose who held under him, and yet a larger scale. Under this bead toe censtu does toe Slave Stetes, political newspapan tadIn commerce, toebe from the in Africa. The in not supply proper stetlstlcs, and we are left, there- more favor toan any othersbut these are for our purpose It appears toat, of toebe exercised without Stetes an amount valued only at $410,754,992 toat of States publish 4,364,832 ; ;from Chiistisnity toat the master's autoority persons300toe Free Ststes, 57,478.766. And ofperson relations,journals, toe Slave States publith 372.672 the ;and that of the tke Free States had 2,790,195 tons, aid tte Slave States only 726,285. This was to 1830.:1855 the was still the dispioportlon greater,1790; and Onto, into toe Union to__ _^„,If the oSience o^fabor of fewlelroewnwere confined to some narrow 137—fhowtog an enormous difference of billions to South Carolina cpends, for tots narpoaa. a^m&a.expense of$SSy43S.his industry and his labor. He can do nothing, teking advantege of ite own wrong, claims immunity sutes at toat time. Looking at details, we find toe eilstin the Free SUtes teacheia' Instltola, aonUIIs denied possessnothing,noracquireanythingbutwhatmust becauseiteusuri>atlonhasassumedafrontof;schools, lyeeumi, ud public coarte* of aaiaia^ n hiob are unknowa la tbe regloa of SUvery. TMae advantagea are enjojad also by the chOtoSBaf «•!-.aad here te a comnariaoa hliTigsawibroke toe die. accumulatedmakingit, toeasvsaelrutaetdionofallintoheumSalanveStetes,de- twhietowhatcause.Theaumberofoolsredpwatagtaaudacity that cannot be safely attacked. Cnha ppliy, there issame Arkansasand disproportions.;Slavery, as defined by existing law, stands forth as theyearwas while ofbut American sameaad to yet,If curiosity carries us to the origin ofthtslaw-and ducting property flesh, in 18iO, Free State* ii 190,018, of 'wfaom ilfia,«t wm» heie I approach a topic often considered in this cham- was only $1,655,945,137; but the valuaUon of New- toan one-ninth, attend acjioal,whickia a lanar «•• Not to occupy tims unnecessarily, I present a sum- ber—we shall confess again Ite barbarism. It is not York alone. In 1655, reached tbe nearly equal sum of portion than is by the wbltae of iSi SanSlave States, as made a careful writer. Judge byand Texas, alto- gether, In 1850, deducUBg human flesh, was $573,332,-sons, of whom 1,430. or aoarly km ijim. Illfiil18S5, toe whole valuation of Aikansas, Including its asserted property in buman;; or, if wd deduct169,413,027;;I 'more toanathirdth*970,727 tons, sn amount larger toan toat of aU of toe periodical pre**, do tha Slave SMes adaanm;Freetoe slave in its various doom, sanctioning 'I>y ite $132,007,216. The imports of the Free States were 2 895, of whom Souto Caroltoa had only 141. Ia;^ la tte nation which I have always felt to press the argument can exist. The ties that may be formed between hem or robbery, of lash or lust, and fasten- foreign commerce of New-York alone was more Slave States, 24. Of toese Massachusette had 99, orbarbarous code every outrage, wbetoer of may- $236,647,810; of the Slave States, $24,586 528. The Free States, the number of publishers was 331 ;more toan twice as many as all tha Slave State* ness of a sick man. But, God be praised, this time selfish lost of the master, whose license knows no tion. Thus aie tbe barbarous prerogatives of barba- Her Imports were larger, and her eiporte w-ere larger while Souto CaroUna had none. In tke Free Sta'te*,against those wlu>m I knew to iiave all the sensitive- slaves are all subject to the selfish interests or more ing itself upon his offspritg to the remotest genera- toan twice as large as that of all the Slave States;;suggeiUre illustrations are alldetlvad from Ite otScIa] census. But if we go to other mmem,ft*of• of a Virglntar, Mr. Locoos. In a letter written just Ilassachusette had 17, and Souto Carallaa S. TkThe Post-office, whichworks have taken place permanent;Stetes, $953,813 Stetes, $194,784. contributed $319,667I;ticated by toe ofiicial;patents,and thefirst contributed $131,972, and the second $24,725.asGovernment, toere was an extensive contributiontbeslaveStatesexceltheheeStstes,whose reportoftheReliefCommitteeoftoat^lace,welearnTke firstIt is stated in ''"^spects ofleaving States, exclusive of the afillcted Stete, was.Ization il>«re Is an essential incompatibility. If in tbe growth of population. In this respect the two impetfeet character. Of Colleges, fai ISSg, the free Xopuisticiioftbe Free Stales la doobU thatwas helditself, beoomes tenlold That slave-masters ness. It is rotibery and petty larceny under toe garb;trembUngea the edge of civil n-ar.whileare for the one, >ou cannot be for the other, and just law of nature allows aud civilization secures. The regions ••tartcd equal. In 1790, at tbe fiist census un-States 90; but the compar- it that toe ofmire Elates, appears proportion ?kftMyou from tiiat property in their own earnings which the States had 61 and toe slaveall tbis la^^ exoberance to£ wickedness, 4lete<fabie ia proportioti to the embrace of Slaver>-i« the divorce of this Is mean- der ti.e Constitution, the population 01 the present ative efficler.cyof tbe Institutions which assume this moving from Slavery te six times greatar th*a thaEoCin oois detesteble (vbes its from civ llizition. should be dis- painful tojustioe pretension lost in its Slave Steles was l,Ut8.372, of the present F/ee States name may be measured by ceitata facte. Tbe num- whites movtog toto Slavery, fn thi**impU fi•rigin Is traced to tbe madness for Slavery. Tbe turbed when this isexposed, might be expected. But of law1 966.4.S5, showing a difference of only 7,083 to favor of ber of grailuates to the free States was 47,752,disclosed sometotojtof toe aversion to SUvcirfbUl pajtition ketween Freadoim and Slavery, know^iso boastfully made,theyhas been show- constantly increastog stoce,colleges lli.70-The second is furnished 2. aspecttie now assamptlonsnwy not prevent tbewhile surely excludeand even its meanness is lost in the absurdity of its associate pretension thai the Afrlc,%a, thus de-is sa\-ed and nominal,byistobefoundunhappynaturallyensueftomtbeir:lo« nuS'e" u^ "ban tiosV T'lhis Is anoften from storm $41:547 were contributed bpthe Free States. perilousare nstive. of Sla« error.i.«ar d cold. But Siaverv plays tbe part of a harpy, and in all this array we see toe fatal tofluence of SUv-;,in toathe Free States. This dtfl^erence, at first merely slave Stetes 19,048 ; tbe number of ndnlslcrs eilacated is sroused even to tbe Slav* btetes.in slave.theon toe border itoe betweea Fieminentpatriot.Adaus,forcolleges wt« 747, to toe free tbe number of tke volumes in theto toe libraries ofthe »andinthe value ot laada ±_:at forable to find a vestel Liverpool loading Virgtola 403 are ot the Free States, and osilv 87 of tteSafacolleges 808,011comparlaon between toese colleges, toe of value of rorrespondtog lands to Fiaa Matin la db^"mb- Stales adjolntog Freedom te advaaoad, wkOa f^or mdlfl^erence would be still imoVr^edarpdpa— Slavery Is a bad "anynei^ilKK. iP favor of freeoom. But tois difference becomes still rent Of pofessional schools, }^"^'^'^,^38^9 good neighbor. In Virginia, laadiOf these, the l«g«t nombwfelt for good tm:a population smaller than toat of Batooseoftoeand conteto' 273,518 volumes. Tumthee* flguvsaovi*.:IH;Freedom.published, whatkar daily, Mnl-wMly, waoUy,but «vaa af toetFereieheSytalpesnbllsb only 47,243,20O9f cnteHndtaiaa,l awh-OaStetes,andonly17oftoeSlave Offwhose place of birto appears to Ksaa^af America, 73 are of the Free States, aad oaly IIOTtheir regions,1659. In toe Free Stetes toere were1,449—maktog a differaaaa of 8,111 infaTOr of freedom. The number la £r*awasStetes,census. /(- ^' slate .states there mere 493,026 aatiw Mtstt psrsMBS eaar v^1to301.Befoie toU of Slavery, where toe clostog picture, ^an11 S81.8«lBi^]a,fmiporMhraMLfree Now-Hampeblre,;Fiaa Slalaa: --' mm^UiimmmmiMimi^issMi^iE^'-iiiir^ saiMi i;_;-,= "U ,'"-* ".Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13^906•-www.fultonhistoiry.com 