 NEW YORK HERALD. jAumm OOIDOI IIIIITV>KM.01 AMD PSOPBliroB.I An were arm sadat priors gives la smother eotemo. Coffee oso-cruisers f •-r m captured slavers, who are matsv- some plan o f notion whereby It can b etained at the public expense, and will be re- ed.goverxmientAhouldtakenu^urestochAngeMowwnlowHe was believed Seward, and alwaysOFFICE N. W . COB,*t» OF HAW AC**'T»r. DAILY THU »r./KL)of these unfortunate negroes. But the English government, on the other hand, when a British cruiser captures a slaver , instead o freign sailors, or men woo are not sailors atall.If a law were framed b y Congress coupon-TKllMXruk of tA> mcmlrr!<**•>,•HKKALD t*» UJUU-.•I itT»*»•>y'•fF S***r« M *eaft or ft) p€< •• tmniF (*' IIn lees than n month from to day, namely, on and families, apprentices them out to the boys as apprentices, according to the tonnage .I*MA . s • u t a a t t a t j u a i l i the 18th of June, the National Convention of planters of her broken down colonies, to of each vessel, w e would nave on effective thedeoocracy,adjournedfromCbarleston.wdl recruitthemwithfreshAfricanlabor;nod bodyoldisciplinedandexperiencedseamenin sreembie at the old council ground of ft* this is the lost of the poor negroes. Mean* a very few years. Unless something of this time, Exeter Hall resounds witk philan- kind is dose we may expect 4o see such that this Convention will bring together all the thropy and conimisaeration for the African, scenes as that of Wednesday continually re-•nsurs tAiooft.t t l t u i l» OSSWe. DASOnS, MonnFirst in the series of events, after the retreatc o a e s s A TthDISTSAATftywyo r TwruraoCTHC i u r o u u •»•*«»«!•.under the orders of Marshal MacMahon, have naturally excited a good deal of speculationRancho del Chino, and bis occupation of the city of San Luis Potosi, and march on Guana-powder, Ismmm f AFA, Friday. « * r »*. ««*»»• The Mew*.Douglas democracy will present a bold, united and perhaps defiant front Then there will be still Another element in the Convention—the veteran leaders of the party—who will keepwithstanding the recent disclaimer by Louis city lies in the direct line of march from SanNapoleon of the desire to carry out the theory Luis Potosi to Mexico, and this no doubt is the of natural frontiers, does not abate anything of point of General Craga'a attack. In combin-harbor, whom the Ambassadors resognlaed as aaemer of their acqnatttancss, was uiassni, and AM such towardscans captured by the Mohawk and Wyandotte. The ium of 150.000 is to be paid to the Society for the service. The Committee on Foreign Affairs reported the House bill relative to the Sardinian misAion, with a recommendation that it be optionalto continue her army on a war footing, in orderto be prepared for the contingencies which shedreads. This step, all the circumstances con- out the assistance of any great means from sidered, is a prudent one, for with revolution the treasury at Vera Cruz—which was making headway in the South of Europe, and naturally exhausted b y the defence of the prospect of its extending itself in otherAXD FT/LTONSTS-saioetf toe essssesseaw w^ro•••»*^»,i^w»»*«*••Aid wheat, tnham aai bags,torUverpesi, at MLa8 •«*.,whichtheUnited States governmentdtoposes and notleave it,as now,dependent uponfo-«„*, S > W -try W<W»fay.». Cnnrr*! MIST- AC—JA<SAA »HlAAND FOPUTHknown. On the one side we neve the extremeSouthernwing,ledbyYanceyand others,andto be sensibly recruited by certain members ofCongress, who will transfer their Congression-IXO.—The orders issued for the concentrationof a French army of observation at Chalons, of Miramon, is the victory of General Uraga atttSMtsof blue, green, red, white and i They were conducted tarimgo the <cartridges, and everythingsad kept Great care baa to beIDCongress yesterday the Senate pawed the billproviding for the shipment of negroes captured onbo*rd of stovers to their homes in Africa. The the spoils steadily in view, and urge a common rre«ident has entered into an arrangement withthe Colonisation Society for the return of the Afri-able instance of retributive justice, commend- in reference to his policy. Although she has ed greater military skill and fertility of re- ing to the lips of Punic faith the ingre-a x o f t b e highest offlstott.amt several naval officers standing behind thorn, wore photographed by Brady whilst In the navy yard.TbJa evening Senator Gwin and Professor Henry ars at the rooms of the Ambassadors, to invite them to SmMfaeonku Insttuto. They are going tomorrow.To morrow at six o'clock they diae with theOUR WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENCE. WJJWOOTCsr, May M , 18AS.with the President to raise the misiion to one ofthe first class. The debate on Mr. Davis' resolu- as a matter of business, and those who lookFord—ADangeroT"A'OtaAyTkem WtA Atimdy Oaudcrn U> the mm Ttrttof Historic Facto Oormected WUk Japan and ,Dopant, visaed the Mayor of Waahiagton. The vttt yesterday to the Navy Yardstrong effect upon them of the Importance as*ders of this country. Every attention WASthem, and they were conducted through everymeat of tte yard—the n»U machine, rolling mill, forge, ordnance laboratory, and the machines all put into ope- ratton for their benefit.I am glad to be able to report a decided lmr.ru iwaal OA toe part of the public ID regard to ear OrientalThere is great danger of overdoing the thing—of killing them with kindness and hospitality, although they are loth to appear tired or fatigued, bus take everything geed naturedly, with a smile and thank y o u . There la great diflieutty.oratleastsuppceedtobe.infamaiariilngtAeir Ideaswithoar 'Tammany Hail" ThereIsdanger,toe,of their Ible ofus,en accountof the rowdyism and ]WAaHWGTO.v, Hay 24,1S80.The Embassf Arrived at the Navy Yard about tores hotels, ateamboat landtags, In the street, and, toThe Boose yesterday passed the bill making ap.propriation for the civil service, including thecoast survey, the lighthouse establishment, and | tie party, the meeting at Baltimore is notespe taking the census-, also 1*0,000 for seeds and carmmmmmtm,... "HILL.! 'Wi'lllliilli •!ttaued qiJH, aai salss limited. Freights wore arm; were a Abort time since. tW f it tiw way inthe triumph of the republican CAUSAthe sacrifice" of its greatest champion.are the allegations of this letter touching the eonrte of Horace Greeley at Chicago.party, the city of Bald more It is understood* 0 HOTICt b'k** at inntyavwi «Jf p a>sam<l*Mm. W«<1» " • factions and cliques of the party, and that the race. England could, at any moment put aAfl\ KJtTtS£M**'TS rrwirrd rrery day; m M M W •<*• •'> ultra Southern Convention caUed to meet cm stop to the Alnre trade, by compelling Spain to „,..„/ ,„ «A- WS«*A» HS«AA». PABII.1 »S*Al4», ASU t»«4» carry out her treaty stipulations; bat she will </iJ<'<***! 'mdFW'-'f"" * * * * » . , , the 11th June at Richmond will no AdjournedJo* MltiTtfit,. rt'ntt* wA* matmm. <***»*» <mi<tt over to Baltimore. A t the same time, the neither do that nor maintain an efficient? ^ ^ . f T 2 f » B . « « S « » W b*Al AM. U t t W AH* FACA» , * » « « • * • " • • • • mtui*n X U F t OASDSK. BrAedwAy.-OuossTAiuiWtmm* XXV4 H u a a u n raw OTAWII»Ovenaoo opens. The republican members will are landed. She keeps a few ships off thewait until the adjournment of the Baltimore African coast to capture slavers, in order toConrention before opening the campaign In transfer the services of the negroes to her own regular course of training on board national Pennsylvania and Mew Jersey, and than the colonies, while we maintain vessels carryingThe special committee of the Common Council the party. There is really no difference of so many of them asserted with their blood inAppointed to receive the Japanese Ambassadorson thtlr arrival in New York met yesterday after-opinion upon any question of principle in the democratic ranks, and the leaders lie to the1848? We think not German distrust of France is not so strong amongst thenoon for the purpose of hearing the report of theirsub-Committee on Reception, who have returned masses when they tell them to the contrary. masses as to blind them to the advan-bisMiramon, including his two failures before VeraCruz, iswell known. Thelastofthese failures resulted in his return to Mexico in thetages of a change in their condition inganypartoftheirproceedingspuA*Jc,eventhe uponthequestionofthespoils,anditisthisquar- similar to that which hasbeen effected infrom Washington. The committee declined mak- There is always a war between the rival cliques report of the sub-committee. They adjourned rel that Mr. Buchanan's administration has beendayafternoonAndAdjournedwithouttransactinganybusiness.CaptainDowling,whoWASAppointedone of the Inspectors, sent a communication to theBoard declining the position. No action was takenItaly. Therefore, revolutionary outbreaks in Germany are just as probable as in Venetiato the steam boiler department, and were evidently de- a Ventttaa, tola the European* of the eatawaos of a targe island off the coait of China. That island is "lighted with a large new boiler destined for the steamersubject to the call of the Chair.Ntphon of the Japanese kingdom.It was the map and written story of Marco PoloNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1860. •A—turned to their native country at the cost of the government *• some five hundred ©themit The only way to accomplish this, perhaps,would be to encourage the increase of regularwell trained stAmen'or he merchant service tended that "the welfare of theMeetLagoftmoPoliticalWatersat ingeveryAmericanshiptotakeoneormore returning the cargo of negroes totwrirhomeaBut themotive of this deadly blow?is given in the same letter—" the long hoarded revengeofadisappointedofficeseeker."It appears that so long ago as "November, 1854, Greeley had privately repudiated all further political friendship for and alliance with Go- vernorSeward,andmenacedhimwin hishoe-, tility. whenever it could be made most effective, for the avowed reason that Governor S. had never aided or advised his elevation to office, while he had promoted the elevation of men known to be obnoxious to Greeley, and who had rendered for less service to the party than he had done." Among the men here referred to is Henry J . Raymond, formerly Lieutenant Governor of New York.But the whole story is not told here, and in justicetoMr.GreeleywesupplytheomissionWhen Mr. Rust, member of Congress fromArkansas, severely coned Mr. Greeley l a Wash-ington, for an article which appeared in A sTribune against him, Mr. Seward, Instead oftaking part with his enthusiastic personal friendtheir arrival. A]Mr. Floyd, Mr. Cobb ana 1peated in our ports. It is very well known that, notwithstanding the immense maritime trade of this country, there is probably not another nation in the world so poorly prosquadron off the coasts of Cuba and Porte vided with native sailors. Whatever regular the pieaentaeation on the dnj when the Con Rico—the only two markets where Africans able seamen we hare are absorbed by the na-. M•i '•Aslower branch of Confrere has roted to cloneschool ships. The merchant service is hardly Monumental City will be mode the centre of A eighty guns there, and a flying squadron less important than the navy, and the govern- grsodassemblyofpoliticiansofallgrades, ofcruisersoffthecoastofCuba,toreseat mentshouldnotoverlookitsinterestsinthisparties and stripes. This meeting of the rep- these poor kidnapped creatures, and restore particular. resentatives of the governing classes of the them to their homes, at an immense expensemodel republic will be one of the most Inte- to the government We ask the brawlers ofresting end important political demonstrations Exeter Hall to mark the contrast between theMexico —•ABinnre iiaairAW n m r a . sswsdwey- par MH that has ever been made in this country. conduct of the two governments. "•am BJUMBOT n fiinni Uvme Our"— And the straggle, both on the platformThe news from Mexico shows that the defeat of Mirsmon's attack on Vera Cruz was the turning point in his fortunes, and that a changeDehlgrenwe* his large boatSUV ACTS' wejBUB, •eaesuslar' HaO, #71 as. DAJMM, AO.-TSA 8ISU»ROPEAN GoVERNMXJiTS—A FltESH STORM BREW- in that republic has taken place.poused the side of bis political foe, and in the debate in the Senate spoke of Greeley con- temptuously and cavalierly, as "an editor of a newspaper ."This has never been forgotten or forgiven byMr. Greeley. It is a remarkable example ofthe ingratitude of public men to the journalistswho have contributed to raise them to power,and the result at Chicago is an equally remark- entertaining their distingulthed vhmers.and the nominations of the party, THE POLITICAL PERPLExrrrFa OF THR E U - in the position of the parties to the civil war will be the severest that the party has everand partisan, who had done so much to buildup his political fortunes In his journal, es- grape and all kinds of target practice. Some closeal quarrels to the floor of the Convention. Op-posed to this faction, what is called the and anxiety as to its objects. Prussia, not- jiiato,which immediately foliowed. Thislatterarsons Into this department.Lieut W . L. Maury, who first made the survey of TeAossense course of action, which advice, if fol- lowed, will assuredly lead the way to vietory. Outside of the Convention all these parties will have their body guards of camp followers, strikers, blowers and boxers. The buttonhole brigade will be on hand in full force. What with the people who come to the Conventionthe most urgent need of retrenchment in all source than have been witnessed for some time branches of the public service, she has decided among the Mexican leaders. Left by Generaldients of its own poisoned chalice. Thedespised and trampled journalist vindicates hispower, and triumphs at length over the haughtypolitical leader who did him so grievous awrong. The wrongdoer, as we are told bybis own authority, "regards his public life asthe distrust which she has always manifested ing this movement General Uraga has exhibit-that city—he has, by incessant labor, upon all such things as a sort of gratis show directions, there is no knowing what a few and the exercise of his own abilities,event; or under any circumstances, b e a candi- date for re-election to the Senate." Thus Is political death the penalty of political in- gratitude, and of the violation of private friend- ship, in the case of one of the most gifted statesmen the country has ever produced. The punishment is severe, bat the lemon which it conveys will serve to point a moral for the in- struction of other men.THE JAPANESE.fowl of the Ambassadors to the Washfogton Navy lord—The ExaminaOon of the Work-Future Bovements. 4c., he., he.OUR SPECIAL WASHINGTON DESPATCH.tions relative to the protection of slavery in the Territories was resumed, and finally the first four of the series were passed, when the Senate adjourned.tings, to be distributed by the Patent Office. The and office seekers cares what becomes of the in the other. Besides, it has leaked outSenate bill providing for a telegraph to the Pacific that Louis Napoleon is about urging such a democratic party. There is no such thing herewas taken op. On motion the names of the corpo- as sentimental affection for a political organi- proposition on Austria as will compel her rators mentioned in the bill were struck out, and a either to make the fullest concessions to these claase inserted skat the contract shall be given zation. The old whigs came the nearest to itthe Monumental City will entertain the great' est crowd of vifdjters that has ever been seen within its gates,months will bring forth. Should Garibaldi's movement in support of the Sicilians be crowned with good fortune, the motives putconverted the petty remnant of a routed army into a victorious force of over 6,000 men. Gene- ral Uraga's last appearance on the scene of Mex-forth in justification of it will speedily ican politics was in the latter part of 1852,when h e headed, a t Guanajuato, the successfulrevolution against President Arista, and cially important Nobody except office holders fensible in the last two cases as it is triumphantly marched over the same route heViewedmerelyasaconventionofthedemocra- be applied to Venetia and Hungary. Revolutionary propagandism is just as de-in their idolatry for their great leader, Mr. nationalities, or to face insurrection secretlyto the lowest guaranteed bidder after proposals fomented or even openly encouraged by driven from the country. Since that period befor constructing the line hare been invited sixty Clay; but no one ever thinks of the powerfuldays from the passage of the bill. The bill then party which he engineered so brilliantly for France. It is not likely that Francis Joseph,passed by a rote of 101 to 73. In Committee of the over twenty years, and which twice overthrew with his proud and stubborn nature, will pa-Whole the Pacific Railroad bill was taken up, and the democracy. Nobody knows where the old tiently submit to a second humiliation at the friends.Hr. Curtis entered into a lengthy explanation of itswhig party is buried. Few people except thehands of his late adversary. H e will have an- The second of the important events whichprovisions. We give a report of Mr. Curtis' re- Brookees, who are like the Bourbons—learning other fight for it before he yields to a dictation have recently occurred In Mexican affairs, ismarks in another column. The bill was made the nothing and forgetting nothing—ever recall the wbich, whatever may be the coloring given to the deposition of Miramon and the resumptionness with which oar people indulge inspecial order for Monday and Tuesday next.By the bark Mercy Ellen, Copt. Clements,arrived yesterday,from Buenos Ayres March 39, we hare re-ceived files of papers and news to that date. Theelections for members of the House of Representa- ordinary circumstances, The Baltimore Con-tives took place on the 35th, and resulted in favor vention, however, meets with extraordinaryof the unionists. The federals made scarcely any work to do. The leaders of the democracy, ther intervention by France in the affairs of under the rule of the clergy, and was overo'clock P. If., in company with two of the Naval Commis- sion, and were received by Captain Buchanan, woe wel- comed them in a brief sod felicitous manner. The chief of the FwliasBj f—Hagry responded. Among the officers of the yard who were aasMooas in tosh* endeavors to please the dtotingmshed gaosts, I noticed Commander William McBlair, lieutenant William L. Murray, lien, tenantCharlesC.Simms,CommanderJohnADahlgreen, Lieolensnt H H. lewis, Lieutenant 8onunerville Nicholson, Lieutenant William Owian, L'.eaienani F . Ramsey, Parser R. T. Allison, and Br. Janes VansantThe first point of Interest visited was the forging de-partment, where the Embassy were astonishedat beholding the forg-ng of a main stemof a large anchor. From tbeir continuousjargon and smiling faces I judged they were greatlyastonished, and more than delighted with thear-rangementsoftheestablishment Theythenproceededwherever they have seen the Amerieaa of It has beena dash of &xth <Theiso that great exeretard atfirstm 'quiring their folleat < idea ot mne-tenttts of c towards produetag a fa rIt is meet fortunate presentEmban>—menoftheworld,goodjndgeaorha- man nature, familiar wtth what they aee and hear— should hove been sent ever to pay us the first visitA great deal depends on "first impreasioDs," a a i if nothing happens to mar the tevorabie iaspresjton sot kind feelings already formed of ue, for our ktad treat- ment and princely hospitalityso far, dependupon it, it will be lookeduponbyciviliaedEuropeasthegi •enlevement of the last three hundred and fifty yesince Columbus' dOeovery of the New World. 'We cannot but help thinking, although the theory is rather far fetched,that JAPABhadIssoomeeththininggtode wftA the dtooovery of the New World.Morethanfivehundredandfittyyeanago,1—.showing- Everythingpassedoffveryquietly.The election for Governor of the Province of Bienos Aire* was appointed to come off on the 21th instboth in Congress and Convention, have been quarreling for years upon abstractions, and have b y so doing disunited and demoralizedtheAustriandependencies. ButwilltheGer- man people follow their taskmasters into a fresh war against principles the truth of whichthrownbythepronunciamimtoofRobles,someit, is purely personal in its objects. The ques- of the Presidency in the capital by Generaltion is whether the German sovereigns will re-So would it be with the democracy under main quiet spectators of this fresh struggle. was the leader of the Tocubaya movement,fact of its existence, except in an archaeologi-cal point of view.Zuloaga.It will be remembered that ZuloagaThe declarations of the Diet on the Italian question pledge them to resistance to any fur-which resulted in the overthrow of Comonfort He then became the President of the capital,val service, which in the first instance makes sailorsforits own use, to a great extent by aTl»aNews from1rlamph ofJ •ares.ProbableDegolladp in command of a few dispirited forces after the defeat at Las Vacas, and with-is now pursuing, towards the city of Mexico. Without ambitious aspirations himself, the In- trigues of the leaders at that time resulted in the recall of Santa Anna, by whom Uraga washas passed much of the time in this country, and mostly in this city, where he has manyfifteening the army in the field, refused to recognise Robles, and returning hastily to the capital, re- placed Zuloaga, whom h e immediately compelled to resign the Presidency intogreatest straits for money, and the imposition Pensaco a, as they examined it minutely, they next pro-ThePoliceCommissionersheldameetingyester- leaderswenttoCharleston,someofthembroke andHungary;andforthese,aswellasfora ofextraordinarycontributions,evenuponthe ceededtothepunchingestablishmentoftheboilsrde- confirmedColumbustothebeliefofthe"iltwwinofthein the matter, furthernman instructing the Chief republicans, who have nominated an ultraClerk to order Captain Dowling to remain in com- abolitionist upon a Garrisonian platform, whichOn the S2d tost the Committee of Councils of Philadel- phia, appointed to make arrangements fo» the iShould his resignation as Inspector be received, it is presumed Captain Leonard will be selected to fill the vacancy.voters of the North as to the slaveholders ofinterested services in the cause of liberty, the Rhine for her frontier.greatly increase the ability of the capital to resist the victorious march of Uraga; and it may be that the loss of the military prestige of Miramon, in the direction of its defence, may hasten its surrender to the liberals. B y the statement in the telegraphic despatches, that Zuloaga was preparing an expedition against Puebla,wesupposethatMiramonwasinpos-tabllshment enlisted their undivided attention. Themanufacture of the percussion caps and the modeor filling them, together with the making of the Minnieber. It was suggested that it is the Bjaoqtonoae wtaa of the committee that General Patterson be mqnested to order out the military on the oocaaton of the Japanese comingtothecity,sadthatanInvitationbegiventothelives of the inmates of the Almshouse. The Direc-tors of the Colored Orphan Asylum petitioned theBoard for an increased allowance for the supportofinmates.UseAmountAllowedbytheTenGo-vernors was sixty cents a week for 160 inmates,which the petition sets forth to be Altogether in- programme of the campaign so as to send the adequate to Ian purpose. It also stated that theAmount which the children on R-AndaUi Island cost abolition question bock to the abstract philan-sides a vogue apprehension seems to b e enter- tained that the political atmosphere Is charged with a storm such as, in the memory of thebetween the clergy and the army that supported them, is not known. Recent letters from Vera Cruz also speak of negotiations between some of the reactionary military leaden and Presi- dent Juarez; but of the tenor of these nothingferesMe. TWKNTiaTH DAY.is $1 50 s week, And they express the opinion that $1perweekwealdbetheleasttheymightbeal- lowedforeachinmateIntheirinstitution. Refer- redtoCommitteeoftheWhole.Thenumberin theinstitntionsnowis7,Me,adecreaseof29for the week.thropists of the Garrison, Chonning and Tap-pan school. The Almighty Nigger must be serious mutiny which occurred on board the President Juarez.took the floor and dUeussed the slavery question taAMaatebakeatthee lederthe hUsssnesefadeliveringthemtotheship onuAjfc,on the anniversary of Waterloo is This system is all wrong, and ealls for a the columns of the JHbune. He attended at The J»pacceeha4aprotra<^edmtervlewwiUiSdcreUry lay on the table prevaileo by a vote of 1Mobliged to contend with. So, when the partysurprisebyFrance,Prussiahastobeprepared. havetheirownwayinit Therealissuein ThesamegamethathasbeenplayedinLom-New World,andinducedhtmtoundertakethevoyage. foreign merchants there, which caused the partment. The mode of drilling amused them very Columbus' attention was first attracted b y Marco Pole'sgreatestexcitementinthatcapital. Hisover- much. Theyappearedloathtoleavethisestablishment, mapandstoriesaboutJapan. The machinery department was next visited. The hugeup the Convention because they could notthe campaign has been marked out by thebardy and the Duchies can be re-enacted in the German Principalities, and a constitutional kingdom carved out of a score of petty des-throw by the man whom he had deposed was engine Intended for the ship Pensacola excited lostr the natural result of his outrageous proceed- wonderment in an eminent degree. Leaving this ings. establishment, they proceeded to the ordnance de-RECEPTION OF THE JAPANESE EMBAS8T IN PHILADELPHIA.mand of the Sixth precinct until further orders. latter is as distasteful to the conservative potisms, France getting, as the price of her dis- The return of Zuloaga to power will not partment. The brass furnace attached to the es of the Japanese, held a meet ng in Select Council ithe South.If the democratic factions at Balti-more are wise they will patch up a temporaryThepolicehavebeeninthehabitofremoving truce—makeanunobjectionablenomination- Thesearetheeventualitiesforwhichtherifle balls, and the casUng of a brass htwttxsr, and the military of the suburbs to tola In the parade. The volun- teerforceofCamdensignifiedtheirdesiretoparticipateprocess of finishing it off, elicited from them encomrami to the military procession. The Fire Department willof a character highly nattering to American enterprise. tarn ont, and the different steam fire engines will be triedapple stands and other obstructions from the place a man whose record is a sufficient plat- Continental cabinets have to provide. Prussia,in the presence of the Embassy. The day of their arrival la not yet fixed. The following Invitation was takes by the Mayor's clerk to Washington, and will be at ease given to the Kmbasay —ToTHaraExcaxuanaaTBBAnBASSiDonorJATAS»sen Uwrnm STATUS:—The Councils of the city of Philadelphia, cherishing asstreets recently, and stating to all parties whoobject to their proceedings that they are carryingout the orders of the Mayor by so doing. Thechiefmagistratedesirestohareitstated,however,that the police have received no directions from offered by the Chicago Convention. The object will enable her to call her whole force within session of that city. Robles, who overthrewhim upon the subject of removing obstructions. of the republicans, as plainly stated In all plat- The Commissioners of Charities and Correction forms, speeches, and what not, is the buildinga month into the field. Austria is doing whatZuloaga more than a year since, is in commandattracted considerable attention. For their benefit a great exalted sense of the Importance and llgnity of the lev bossy to the federal government of the United States withdeal of powder, in the shape of signal lights, as used in which your Exoelienciee are charged, and deeirtag thatthe navy, was exploded, with which they manifested evi the chief city of the State of Pennsylvania may show Ofform at the head of their ticket and proceed to thrash the republicans in a scientific manner. Alltheplatformthatisneeded isalreadywhich is nearest the danger, wisely refuses to trust to diplomatic assurances, and maintains hermilitaryorganizationonafootingwhichThe Chief Commissioner himself was deeply Interested in this establishment, and gave unmistakable erifences of his delight, amazement and appreciation of oar Yankee wayofdoingupthings.The laboratory was next visited. This establishmentshe can, with her crippled financial means, toheld their weekly meeting yesterday Afternoon. up of a party in the North to bring about the prepare for the coming assault Russia is weeks after his retreat from Vera Cruz, and it8.D.Weeks,theSuperintendentoftheIslandHos extinction ofslavery intheSouth, byany concentrating her army at points whichrespecttowardstheempirefromwtacbyeahaveeome and the sovereign of whom you are the representatives, as well as its regard for your eminent persons and offloes, have requested that your Excellencies sad suite sboald be invited to this city In oflenni your EiceUeeoee the hospitality of the cay of Philadelphia At such a Iyou shall appoint, I send the assurance of respect with which such invitation is toniered.remains to be seen what course he will pursue in the split of the reactionists. Private letters, recently received in this city from parties high in position at Vera Cruz, speak with great con- fidence of an early termination of the struggle. Whether this confidence is based solely on thecommendedthebuildingofanewstaircaseinstead griefstoBaltimore,andrepeatthescenesof teerswithahothastewhichshowthatshe victoriesofGen.Uraga,orwhetheritwassup- ofthe present one,toguArdagainstdangertothe Charleston,thepartyisasdeadasJuliusCtssar. hasbut little reliance inthefuture. Onall portedbysomeforeknowledgeofthedivisionspftal, sent in a communication informing the Boardof the dangerous condition of the tower staircaseo( the female department of the Almshouse. Thestaircase is seven inches and a half out of its pro-per perpendicular. He informed the Board of thewill enable her atmake a fresh swoopprovinces of Turkey. Even England, confident as she pretends to be in the efficacy, as a bond of amity, of her commercial treaty with France,means, fair or foul. The platform for the de- mocracy is opposition to this " irrepressible conflict" doctrine, and that, with an unobjec- tionable candidate, is sufficient to sweep the country, as poor Pierce did in 1852. But ifany moment to in the Europeanpoor material used in building this staircase, andthe little ears bestowed upon its erection. He re- the democratic leaders carry their private Is costing Armstrong guns and drilling volun-Given under my hand and the seal of the city of Phila- delphia this twenty second day of May, and of the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty.The republicans can only win through thedivision of their opponents, and no pains willBi-FfALO, May 24, Before proceeding to the further osoOdiraMsa ofbe spared to aggravate the bad feeling which alreadyprevails.Thismustbemetandputpresentgeneration,theworldhasnotbeen•laveryreport,theCommitteeenAppealsreportedtadown. The Baltimore Conventionmustform thevisited with.IxETFicrarscT OF Ont MEBCHAVT MARINE SER- VICE—THE WAY TO MAKE GOOD SAILORS.—Theturnedoutfromthenationalcouncilsandsent packetshipRobertF.Storer,inourharbor,on bocktotheprotectingembraceoftheold Wednesday,isoneofthefruitsofthewretchedladieswhotookhimtotheirarmsthirtyyears systembywhichourmerchantmarineissup- ago. A ll this the democratic party can do. plied with crews. Many of these, men callingtodinewithGen.Cotsatsixo'clockpreventedalong stay;consequentlytheywereprecludedthepoanbilityof examiningminutelyeveryobjectofinterestPhiladelphia, who,inbehalfofsavors! both seetieas of the committee, offered forthemajorityreport. Itttonof theentirepreamble of theofaspects of the case, anddated from Auburn, written by the old amanu- Bnbassy throurb Mr. Portsnaa, the mterpreter, toe administration of the DtsctpuAe shall be made to TheExciseCommissionersheldtheirusual daily There is a very general wish in this State, themselves sailors,are, in fact,not properly ensisof Seward,andevidentlydictatedbythe in a happy and feeling manner. He aliuled formtethedeclarationofprinciplescontain»dlasoImeetingyesterday,atwhichtheygrantedfive amongnopartymen,thattherepublicansmayjuchatall,butaresuppliedbythesailors'ofthatportionofthereportcited,esfarastheI ex-Governor. The point of this letter is that to she kind treatment he had received from may be allowed by the law« of the several States,licenses, at thirty dollars each. They meet Again thai morning.We publish under the appropriate head an obi- tuary notice on the death of the Hon. Wo. C. PreeAon, of Booth Carolina, which event occurred cnthaMdtautamt,at Columbia, a that State. Inswtonl responsible offices of hhjrh as a scholar,be defeated. The democratic friends of Colonel hoarding house keepers and shipping mastersFremont will sustain any moderate, judicious to out-going captains, merely as a matter of "the main work of the Chicago Convention modore Perry, and was glad that it was now in his power taking care, however, to maintain the Auti-ahrrery peti-coarse of actionwhichmaybe markedoutat Baltimore. The leaders of the democratic party have now four millions of rotes at theirdisposal. It remains to be seen what advantage they will take of the power which the stupidity of the opposition ha? thrown into their hands. In anytraffic They are frequently put on board drunk, and, before sailing, often rebel against the kidnapping system by which they are en- trapped and sold to gratify the avarice of the boarding house keeper, who generally con- trives to keep them drunk while on shore, andsad thatof hisgovernmenttoreciprocate is A measure then* kind treatment.The Chief Oommissloner feelingly responded. Hesaid thathehci^thatttiemendlyreiaxionsofthetwoPo*ars would be stronglycemented, and that friendly and com- mercial Intercourse with the great American people would be one of the happy results of their present visit toDr. licKwathenproceededtospeakto sapper! of m; substitute. He had carefully and praverfoUy eeaetataWS both the majority and minority reports, aa* found ttmt they both agreed on the moral aspects of tne oase. aa^osujr differed in reeerd to the aetioo rm>rJosed, sndhe sowed this eubettuiie as a cemuromae Dr.was eminently eenam votive, and Mof the perpetuity of the Union of theof the church, were received wtth spsmnssDr. CCTOW,of MewYork,hadsoyol,#taflMS would oasne beferettdsglemeat whatever. Hetctebelaidonthe table.while event,the mootingof the Baltimore Conven- to get them into his debt, securing the Bondsoverthehonorsof the campaign. For America.tion may be regarded as the most important pollticol event of the day. The fact that it ismonth's advance pay fc remuneration, upon• o r e than nix months Greeley had been pre- paringthewayforthisconsummation,throughAlter bidding adieu to the Commodore and h is eatima ble lady, and the officers to attendance, tfeey left, highly delighted, no doubt, with their visa.A charge*on ran CoNsnanuTic-N*OF sharkstoostrongforthem. Yet wecanhard- tnitner-the defeat ofSeward. Hewas sue; bet we leave to the future the cf the coincidence.radical reform. The shipping merchants tried on one occasion to effect some improvements; but they soon abandoned the attempt, because they found the shipping masters and boarding houseOats to-day. They are to inform the Secretary to-morrowthe precise length of time they are to remain into*ooontry, alter which It will b e decided t o e places theywill visit, and t i e length of time they will remain in eachplace. The Sou etary had a long talk with them m regardtothecurrencybetweenthetwocountries,udexplainedto Rocsawrns,Maytt,USA. them the benefits Sbey would derive by firing l a standard^ * ^ - ~ w a hare now, under the » Florida, -||iltl,°^rti!tTly believe that there is no remedy fortius©wsfol H is long connection witk Seward, cruel and mischievous method of procuring nis sustalnment of his principles for twentyIf the merchants cnasot combineonJ«M>,andhk« active a n d incessant propaga- tion of tile anti slavery sentiment throughoutsimilarto ourown. TheyThey arc snaking extensive prepsjuwAa* |o » * Jspa-no.nU.ly paper, buton the /Untitled Documentmonthsa g o .Miramon, then command-hands.T h esubsequentcareero fat Jalapa, where Miramon remained somequestioncomesu p ,A n account of itdentdelight.After this the Ambassadors sat for their photographsin the open air. The officers of the yard, together with' the servants of the Embassy, and the reporters, were ar- ranged in a group behind. The entire group will be got- ten ap in a handsome style, and presented to them before leaving for home.case of & B. Burhngham, whois known. A ll of these events render probable After visiting ail the prominent places of interest, Geneee* Coherence The case was seat back Sothe early triumph of the constitutional party in Mexico, and the occupation of the capital byCMcogo several days before the meeting of the Convention, and he devoted every hour of the interval to the most steady and relentless pro- eecutionof tbemambusineni which took himThe ayes and nays were cauiw"-, «-TM t*kLa•r4« M^MmAdhe itslllllaaT#w1MffkB«VCwhat wasthedefinitively closed;" and he " will not, in any rm (f 0* Jaftmat umbsof u> the WvUmfm JvssyThe exercise of the celebrated D^hlgreen gun and howit-zerwastothemhighlysatisfactory. Theballs,astheyskimmedalongtheriver,excitedlargelytheirwonderment. Trie Methodist Episcopal General Coa- The shell foundry, and the blacksmith • establishment, andthe casting establishment, were each visited. At the lat-ter they witnessed the easting of part of the machineryintended for the ship Pensacola, and were delighted there-with.Theextendingofasimmensechainbyhydraulicpressure excited greatly their cariosity.they were Invited to the residence of Commodore Baenansn, to partake of a handsome collation. la the par-lor many ladles were assembled, and were severally is of the majority report Upon toe conclusion of Dr. 1troducedtothedistinguishedvisiters. Anappointment ven'sspeechthefloorwassaaMaedtoDr.Pisaw,ofSEWARD, GREELET AND RETRrBwrvE JrsmcE.—Inanothercolumnwereprintfromtheorganof Senator Seward in this city, a curious letter hi the parlor the Commodore addressed the port, which relates to the moral asawas the defeat o f Governor Seward," and that the nomination of Lincoln was a mere accident which was not essential t o the programme.In this work it is alleged that Greeley la- bored harder, and did tenfold more, than the whole family of Blairs, to whom he modestlythe people of Japan when on a visit there with Com- commends moderate dtoouaston of the question ho tion of the churchfiring ofsolid shot guns, firing at targets byvotod ta ravororiaymgbably, wtth a which shallTtowofavrtvtaA atALEX.HENRY,MayororPhiladetohta.ference for a new totalDr. g O. BAVBW, of the New England Conference Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 