 (;NEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEEf. 4TNEW YORK HERALD. aace was transacted.Theaalea of cotton, jeaterda/ embraced »bo«t1,600U 1 K IDdtir_ WMMM.11' BMMJJ.V, «M•OWB&Y THEATRE, Wiiat-CaowaToa.WALLACX1* SCHOOL raa SCUJIDAL-BOWER T THEATRE, SA—Aoaaat MACUMM. .: e«.Such are the successful resultsof thataa-belee, doting without chaage ia prices. Haur n i asaiaheld at firm price*, aaa advanced fc » 10c per bet, Honal policy which Mr. Seward pronounces to been unceremoniously thrust aside by bis party ridge fell in his speech, and into which* Douglas It is essentially a national city, end betoogs toB O a P O l » • • « « » * • IDROB AMD nonmcm.MMMALDtm —the times since he and his factious coworkers found their way into the halls of Oongreea, andtan Police.The new General Superintendent of Police,•AAiroir* AHERICAW tTUSXPW, BVoadaay-Daraad at home and respect and good will abroad. t. -AJITTUI Doecaa-Oaamamur u ALACK—UTLMUWVBSSAI^ NSOBX S i FFKAOK IN Tflffl STATK.-— The question whether negroes will be permitted to vote universally like white men In this State is to be decided at the ensuing November elec-class above mentioned is a very numerous one. The distinguished confraternity has its castes and grades like any other division ofHitherto the Brasilia:: government bee had all its steamers constructed in England1, where upwardsof twohundred river andcoastingB« TJLKTS' VINSTRELS: Maeaaalea* Ball, 471 BaaLaaaaaa, a m i , DAJKW*, A*.-SBBBH» a tthe sneer of Earl Grey at unirersal suffrage AISLCS SALOOV Broadwmy.-HooLtT A Ciai-aau.'* and an unbalanced democracy. On that occa-adding to tbe number, aad as tbe resouroee of Persons liable to commitment under the statute very great extent upon the public mind that the the empire become- developed its wants must may be found any pleasant afternoon upon the orators cannot grapple with the repubticaas. rapidly increase. It is therefore kteky thatdollar side of Broadway, adorned with all the It is the meat important election since the foun- New York has secured Brazil as a customer inJrvaTleases—U*» Dowa OATfta-•ATTOMALThuia -aUcic Taoarat—wrA^ACSOAAOEN,TRIPLE SHEET.important bearing of this measure upon parties, and the Issue tfcat i3 now presented to the coun- try in the Presidential election, we publish to-vday a history of the question in another page,towhichwedhecttheattentionofoutreaders. liar. They lounge in thepublicroomsofthe of properleaderstbepeoplewill havetotake shehasseatasherorders. Shewill nowgeta.Ul»tT*»L»— t*aa TavareTsion be gave a glowing picture of tie success achieved by ahis country in driving back the wilderness,insubduingthesavageiuLeastand humankind,inestablishingmaterialprosperi- ty among the people, in developing the higher branches of a generous oivilization— our in- ventive genius, our historians, our workers in legal science and public law—and in all the mighty field of onr historic developemeut and the progress of the arts. It is not difficult to determine what portion of this mighty grcwth has been achieved since the time when, accord-dation of the government; and in the absence thfs line, and ft is equally fortunate for her thatWar A. 8 « i8,equalrighttovotewithwhitemen;whichreso- lution!", when adopted by the people, would be- come'law, aad change the constitution. A large number of tbe republicans, however, were notstoolpigeonoradecoyforgamblinghouses. ora pimp for brothels and panel cribs.its "extinction" in tbe Southern States so soon as they get tbe power into their bauds. They denounce it as a moral, social aad political evil, which is destroying the country, and masttbe Maine people, eonstrsct them by the mile. and tbea cut them up end sell them by the yard, jest as a Paris baker disposes of his bread- Webestcwpainsonearmodelsaswell as o e our workmanship, and we pride ourselves on turning eut a land of vessels that cannot b e surpassed. . . ,,THEATRE.skill of the tailor, the dressmaker and the oof- Itrnuatbeintherecollectionofmoatefthemfashionablehotel*,andloiteraboutthesaloonsthematterintheirownImmlsv*Storedependsmperlorclassofvesselstoamythateh*Liverpoolon.the29*aadQneenetown onthe30th •alt., for New York, arrived off Cape Baoe a t t w o o'clock yesterday afternoon. Her advices are t w o days later than those previously received. T h e news in important.tureandourgovernmenthasbeenafailure:From our recorded history* and develops- meat we can give a succinct view of cur mate- rial prosperity since 1820; and if we do notOnr superiority in both these respects beecem-tj and accepted, b a t n o bu3.Ae.wcf icipirt- cB> as tooejmbols of national power aad grot-iman. They were all supplanted by can- • 8 m r oJ Porous TO tfaECh-taiJUE.-The Vcrk, which has iccfiraaed from 515,000 ia 1850 didates of inferior talents and of a popularity speech of Douglas la reply X> Breckinridge, to MOM HUM year. New Verk, however, thatcouldnot for a moment becomparedto whichwepublished yesterday,is another ex most mototain its inc..MWsteadily,foritd*» theirs. After the same fashion Mr. Seward has ample of the same error into wbLSh Breckin- not In fact represent nageenfiee oi toacoannry.gw;whtiMne market was lew active, aad closed tamely. Wheat was hela with oraaneaa, without chases of i x poriaaee ta pricea Tlie sales, iaclniiag lots t> arrivehave been a failure at home and abroad. No otler nation can exhibit a brighter record. Where then are to be found those evidences ofto make room for a man whose only merit con- sists in splitting rails or splitting the sides of a village audience with his smutty stories.has been continually failing during the cam- the whole Union. Brooklyn, too, as one of ouraaa on speculation. war* large. Ceraw a s austeiaed a tBalti-confusion, dissatisfactionanddoseddolt,with a tendency toward! eaa:er rates. cite*• Theyaretobefoundinthehistoryof TheLatestAchievem*etoftheMetropoli-tbe prarlooa oay'» »iv»a<*, while sales were vm active Fork was teaa baovao*, waUt Bur aalea were mada atand danger which he§19 46 * %\9 60 for new meat, a a d t i t 15 a f 14 25, aadtOO M 'or clear mees. Sugars were ataady, w:U» aalai of bis fanatical party has become a power in the fired with the hope of emulating some of republican party, wanders into irrelevant1,200 bhda , at rat*i ftrea ia another eoluaia. Coffee was North. It is he and his fellows who hare op- his illustrious predecessors, has lately made questions touching himself, ignoring the fact respectably, as foHows:— quiet, ia flaw at* the auetioa sal? to come off ta day.Freights were steady, with a fair amount of engage-Bate Owr Gavreraaaetat Bees a Failure Since 185*0 T—Facts veraas Sewsvcd.In bis carefully elaborated and sophistical to destroy the moral power of government It ipeech at Detroit, Mr. Seward asserts that our is his party that has proclaimed domestic war,political system took a national departure la fostered invaders of sister States, stimulatedhobby to death.By their criminations and recriminations1820, and since then the government baa, In one word, been a failure.fraud in legislation and popular commotion inand out of Congress. It is from bis demagogui- highways and the byways of tbe metropolis and coln than all tbe republican presses and most eminent shipbuilders the firstThe black republican agitator in this speechplainly sets forth the intention of himself andbis party to revolutiocize the whole policy ofthegovernment,andtoconverttheadtniaintra-tion of the federal power into a gr.mt anti-slavery scheme. It Is as a pre-juatificaticn ofsuch an intent that be boldly aaaerte that the seal them with its indignant rejection in No- governmenthasbeenafailuresincel&Lb.But vembernext. thiswQottbefact.Insteadofbeingafailure,""ten aw* ia" ,tenatf«i W!,rtL\ptert(tbe American government judged by it? results, hasbeenagreatsuccess",inprocuringprosperityit if either of them .sbwold be elected President,and if the republicans should, during tbe nextfouryears,obtainamajorityinbothbouse*ofsociety. There are vagrants in purple Congress? The precious time of tbe campaign steamers have been built It ft constantly is frittered away, and the impression is left to aposed and endeavored to thwart at every point the foreign policy of the government, to defeat treaties, to break up negotiations, and by at- tacking the personal character of the President....cal example, and the revolutionary and de- structive theories of his party, that all these evils have sprung. The dissatisfaction to-day witnessedinthelandisturninguponthefac- tious politicians who have created it. and thebring in the sick, the lame, the halt and the republican orators in tbe land. Why do they that has been constructed for Brazil in thisblind- in fact, to apprehend all the members of not imitate the example of Seward and speak port There are two others en the stocks for1 the same destination, and it is likely that as that grand army who rise in the morning with- to the point . Why do they not employ theiroutknowingwheretheywillbreakfastordine. talentsinansweringhi*arguments? Whydo soonasthesjaaiitiesofthesevesselsaretested, or sup, or lay tbeir heads for the next night. they not attempt to overthrow the dangerous the work of oar Hew York shipbuilder* will and who have not the wherewithal to pay tbeir positions e t the republican party, instead of for the future receive the preference ont there. way, nor any visible means whereby it can be abusingeach other? If tbey shrink from the is- There is also to he launched to-day from an- obtained. suenow.whatwilltheydowhoaitassumes otheryardinthmcityasteamerbuiltfortheItisquiteunnecessarytosaythatthe amorepracticalform?HowwouldtbeymeeSChinatrade.j rfetag tide of an honest natknal sentiment willThis fast h a s been lucidly s e t forthby Mr. Everett "In his recent reply to tion by a vote of tbe people. In view of the and fine linen, as well as in rags and tatters.ThesteamshipCityofWashington,whichlift ingtoMr.Seward,wetookanationaldepar- preparedforthischange;for.howevermuchStartlingevents*hadtranspiredinthekingdomof citetheevidencesofourintellectualgrowth,itihat inline Legislature of 1857-8 the black re-publican members of both houses, being in amajority, passed resolutions for the amendment latter solicits alma openly, while tbe former of tbe constitution, so as to give all negroes an picks up a precarious living by acting as aupon the result than upon any previous coeteet. The republican leaders have declare* warbos hitherto had New Vork is the great centre- of taVnt in this way, as fffs in everything:else.Naple*. (ianbaldi continued hi* victoriouspro. Isbecausesuchacitationwould requiremuch the question. Much black indignation was under every disadvantage. Cripples, chil- totheendof the ohtpter, andtheelection of is, infast,sohighlyappreciatedia Europethatgreaa, bis forces having again defeated t h e royal- more space than we can devote to the subject, vented upon Governor King. The passage ofdren and old women were seized with- Lincoln is as certain as that to-morrow's sun out ceremony, and carried before tbe will rise.nearest magistrate. Thescene presentedat AaaDEEI*SexT&LEGRAPHSFAILURES?—Sinceout shipbuilders are continually receiving tempting effem from foreign governments to takeserviceunderthem Sincethetimeoftheists. Garibaldi had been proclaimed Dictator a t Palenxa. A revolt a t the capital w a s considered imminent,andrevolationaryappealststhe peopleand because it is not necessary to do so: for it. the resolutions, however, had served the turn ismanifesttoeveryone,anditisarecognized oftherepublicanparty,andgotfor themthewere publicly distributed. It w a s reported that truth, that the developerent of human rew votes which 'hose negroes who are pos- tbe Lower Police Court is said to have been the failure of the Atlantic telegraph, experi- celebrated Eckford, who accepted the offers ofatfte Kin* had fled, a * crew* aoft eaaxpeeted; asfll knowledge ia inseparable from the pro- essend of the property qualiflcation of $250 one of unparalleled confusion. The magis- Sultan Mabsaoud and became chief of the navy•Beforethehourforchurchservice,aterrificthun- $1,000,000,000,nowitisestimatedat$10,000,- Tbegainofnegrovotesappears-tobeofvast keepersofdisorderlyhouses,tbethievesand crossingtheIndianocean. Noristhistbeonly cessarytoconr-nethemselvestospecialities.ader storm broke over t h e island, in the coarse o f 000,000; then we had 350.000 persons employed importance to tbe leaders of the republican pickpockets, to go scot free while persecuting deep sea line which has proved a failure; the one undertaking war. another passenger, a•whichtheScotchchurchisHamiltonwasstruck inmanufacturinge3tablishmeat3,prcdi:cingc.¥or party,abalanceofpowerintheirhandsto thepoorervagrants,buttheeffectoftheir Mediterraneantelegraphshavebeenequally thirdriversteamers,andsoon.Tby lightning aad almost totally destroyed. For a {moment o r t w o t h e whole island appeared to b e•envelopedmasheetoffire.Fortunatelynoone *wasinjured.The Breckinridge State Central Committee m e t said suffices to prove the genial result? of our Presidential elections, sufficing, perhaps, to turn that they may enjoy comparative immu- bos shared a similar fate. Of all the deep sea ( 0 t t t T * e r ' "•* •<* ***** * "nfrie improvement of^yesterday a t the Aster House, for t h e purpose o feffecting a fusion with the Douglas branch of the and we will turn to its intellectual and moral democracy; but no? arrangement satisfactory to results.bothpastiescouldbeenteredinto. Theformerclaimed ten names upon the electoral ticket, andt h e l a t t e r o f f e r e d s i x , a t w h i c h j u n c t u r e o f a f f a i r sthe committee adjourned to meet again this morn- ing.pointing a c o mmittee o f three to inquire into t h e divorce of bank and State has been accom- Teoeat actio} i on the part of the Police Com-the scale in tbeir favor. But then there is the grave consideration how many votes of white men this amajgamation measure may cost them, andbesidestherearefewrepublicansofthea s t o b e w i l l i n g t o b e p l a c e d o n a f o o t i n g o f social and political equality with the black race. There is every probability, therefore, of thenegroesbeingcheatedagain.nity for a year or so. Such demonstrations, Hues that have been constructed, there is not any consequence effected in shipbuilding fortherefore, do more harm than good, and one one of any length at work. tbe last quarter of a century that cannot becannot help expressing a feeling of contempt The British government, conscious of the ne> directly traced to this country. We have builtforthesystemwhichpermitsapolicemanto c«ofiityfortelegraphiccommunicationwithits thefastestyachts,tbefastestclipperships,aadrefrain from arresting a notorious pickpeeket, Indian possessions, undertook to grant four and furnished the models for the fastest steamersIn the Board o f Aldermen last evening a pream-blesadresolutionswereofferedcallingonthe availablewealthoftheworld. Ourtariff Mayer for information respecting the invitation ex- policy, which was discussed from the time of tended by the Common Council to the Prince ofWales to visit this city; sad, on motion, the paperwsslaidontoetable,byavoteofnineto five,without discus §ion. A resolution w a s adopted ap-rauchee to Bombay; but £hat line, Lord Stanley stupendous bulk is lost, to the inventive genius pectedofanintentiontoasksomegoodcatnred ofthelateGeorgeSteers.Letourshipbuild-u I causing the arrest of idle per- The resolution affirms that many r e - spectable <# oxena and residents have been arrested withoct due warrant, sad the committee are in-plished,andourcurrencyandtradefreedfromthe oppression of a monopolizing bank. Pri- a full Assembly and Congressional ticket Just duty and abstention from all such absurd clap- Bcmbay. This tine is undertaken in part bytor anant»slavery convention to be held at Worcester, Massachusetts, daring the current month. The call is signed by John Plerpont aadthenotoriousStephenS.Foster,aaditin-to reportalltheparticulars,andwhat ftnenceofcompetidonwithgovernmentsub-it necessaryfortheBoardtotakeinthe sidisedefforts.OurPacificempirehasbeenThe street cleaning contract o f Mr. P . founded on the healthy basis of equal justice toLj+ck w a s taken up, aad a motion to confirm ft all private rights, and a vast extant of interior The City Inspector waa then requestedallthesmallpoliticiansintownareinastateof gladis-say,hasbeenreceivedbythe-commu-ontbeTigris,a hundred mites north dicatesthatacertainsectionoftheGacrisoniaafatatermoffiveyears. TheCityCham-men get quietly together, asd transfer thousands1TM13.The B oard o f Counctlmen met last evening, pur- suant tr , a call of the President. After the recep- tion o f several unimportant reports a n d papers, which were bud over, the fallowing contracts, sub-mittal i b y the Street Commissioner, were confirm- ed, V , m. Baird being the lowest bidder:—Contracts for f sgging Keade street, between Broadway aad Citj Hall place, $1,196; for reflaggiag sidewalks in Ftf ty first street, between Nmth sad Tenthave-exhibit abroad.Let us now look at our progressinterests of tbeir masters. It is to be hoped,however, that in tbe midst of all this local ex-citement the people of this city will not over-look for a moment the vast importance of thePresidential contest There can be no strongerproof of the utter corruption and despicable and Everett men nothing, nor can they givetween England and her Indian aad Australian territories may be established; bat it will be seen that in accomplishing it deep aea lines of any length are to be abandoned, and near- ly the whole route is to be carried overland through Asia Minor and Hindustan.Overland lines connecting England with other nations are only available in times of peace. War with any power at once severs tbe wires connecting her with that power. Hence her great efforts to secure submarinecoquetted with Henry Wibion and other promi- nent men in tbe blank republican party. Find- ing that this party was wot disposed to declare itself openly in favor of the immediate and un- conditional abolition o'. slavery in the States where it exists, Foster & Co. have come out with a new plan, whereby the slave is to be translated immediaVjly from bondage to free- dom. The Garriso aians ignored politics aad politicians: the nr w faction purposes to enter the party arerxa. T h e whole movement, we apprehend, is intended to aidfire hundred millions of dollars yearly, now wehare 1,250,000 persons in the business of manu-elect men to the Legislature who would carry sudden raids is to produce a reaction,bemostcorruptschemesandflagitiousjobsof during which vice and crimehavoa liari—adistanceofonly300miles—hasalsobeen isfairlymeritedbythescientificlaboraadme-and barrooms Tney are far more dangerous to society than the professional beggar. Then*«• ment after experiment, in various quarters, ap-gress of iadttetry and national wealth. now cast The nigger votes are wanted again, trates arere obliged to fuspeod their ordinary pears to justify the conclusion that deep sea yard at Constantinople, many ofour best build•/the report lacks confirmation. ThereisnothingimportantComSyria.The Biitiah Parliament waa prorogued on the--"18th alt. A synopsis of the Queen'sipeech k given Ha oui nummary of the news.The London money market h a d undergone n o in the Union, now there are thirty-three; then people has been regularly Issued tc vote on the were upeet. When the cases c*me finally to overland linos and short submarine cables in con. Great Republic, the largest sailing vessel that•changeofmoment AtLiverpoolthecottonmar- itsareawas1,787,159squaremiles,nowitis questianinNovember;sothatitmustreceive behearditwasfoundthat,inmanyinstances, junction. IntheBritishHouseofLords,tbe has ever been launched,andWilliamHiCket w a s generally unchanged, b a t prices were 2,936,166; onr population then was 9,638,131, its quietus very soon, or else we shall have tbe police had blundered and arrested persons "<ber day, a very interesting debate took place Webb, tbe architect of the superb Russiaa*barely maintained. With favorable weather for now It is 33.000.000; our registered and en- universal negro suffrage and general amalga- in no way amenable to the law under which upon the subject of telegraphic communication frigate, the General Admiral—went oat in"Shecrops.breadstoftarequietandsteady.It isstated that the Great Eastern, on her out- ward passage, averaged nearly fourteen knots a nboar.By th e brig F . kf. Msyhew, Capt, Harvey, w e-sharereceivedfiles of Bermudapaperstothe28th tolt. There is no news o f importance. The Astern- ablywasinsession. OnSunday,the26th,alittlerolledshippingthenwas1,280,165tons,nowit mationestablishedinNewYork. theforce>cted Whatreparationcanbemade withIndia,whichwe>giveinanothercolumn, the Persia for the purpose ofconclud-Let us, then, look at thefigwresand andthereisanotherbidforthem. Theresolu- businessinordertohearthesenewcases-sothe difference between then and tionswere readopted by the last republicanIn 1820 there were twenty three States suddenly thrust upon them, and all their ar-erahavepassedintotheemploymentefother tineaofanyconsiderablelengthwill notwork States. It weeonlythe other daythattwoofand that telegraphic communication betweenLegislature, and this time the notice to the rangements for the adminUtratioa of justice far distant points can only be maintained by them—Donald McKay, who constructed theis5.145,137;ourannualimports thenamounted It remains to be seenwhether a sufficient totheseinnocent personsfoi tbeannoyautetoto $74,460,000, now they amount to $338,768,- Dumber of white men can be found in this State which they have been subjected? And what 130; our exports were $69,691,669, nowtheyare $356,789,462; our revenue then waa $16,- willing to consummate the act of* self-degrada- punishment k to be meted out to their perse-togetherwithanarticlefrom the London Ob- ing some large foreign contracts Itserveronthesamesubject,bywhichItappearsthat tbe Red Sea line to India, which bad been oat to them to fix tbeir residence abroad. So successfullylaidasfarasKurauchee.isabsolute- greatistheconfidenceentertainedinoarbuild779,331,nowitis$70,000,000;therealandser- tionwhichwillbringthemdowntothelevelof cutors*blacks, to the same political statue as the nig- And this is not all. Not only do the police ly worthless, in consequence of the length of of vessels that in view of the pressure of fo-sonalestateofourcitizenstbeawasnotover gersoftheFivePoints.'Wecannotbelieveit allowthegamblersandtheiragents,the submarinecableitwasnecessarytoemployinreignorders,ourshipyardshavefoundkne-facturing. Wemightcontinuethiscomparisonto a much larger extent; butwhat we have tbelobby,being,besides,ofmomenttothemin high holiday, tbe rogue* being fully aware interrupted,andthelinefrom Malta to Corfu chanicalskillbeetowedontheworkthatweturngovernment policy in a material point of view,Wewillfirstcontemplatethedomesticpolicythst has contributed to produce these vast re- white race so degraded in their own estimationThe KnuTher^t t'.i.- Witbr gU'.Orflr?* Ca:tt. Si a*t|-*Th* t a R-..> .1aaia.»••• Theewa10th i-si Boattirons N.-*Sto ,;K I SaitraaJ,:Kew YorkCotl- • f the.a.ii<-e i at,000 >-••. U» n,- :.. Mixed, oo week.l S£ SjtfiObajn at ih?nt tome* t .ilinyeTctu »1C8 ,, rremi mFloura atillaat u * a i i vO"I. CornProvtslous ^otoaisaflourq» SI 60 a $1 "*c. a Titaiaaai-rFlour & Wheat fir Me. t bit •a. tc..i « t o . i s fart laar-a aaoderat barley »i at £/• ( wheat. 1 4est bbls «orn, s.( wheat, uFlo*;- — light ail--. bbi;CoM • u p a t y . P taiaed: « a, 1.600. «an m hi bag* aujaoee cfl-i to da- 6t aad T 000 ftCOOOr- «etnai»*H30OK Ku< aidS7\A^•A«a it.»i re- -s.sults. Onr territorial extension, beginning with Florida in 1821 aad ending with Califor- nia, has added thousands of millions to theu n l e s s t a k e n m t h e c o m m i s s i o n o f an o v e r t a c t ,and, at the same time, directs all the terrors of of outline, in which tbe consciousness of her the law against a poor child who may be- sus- wards the Red Sea line by Suez, Aden and Ku-person for a penny. It is the duty of the police states, is now "cuiapletely broken up and de-Adams to that of Polk, has swept away all the odious restrictions of commerce, and become established Oft the bread and permanent basis ofperfectlibertytoindividualenterprise. TheCITY PCIJTICS—A GHAND STRPOOLB FOR THFT to see that peace, order and decency are pre-SPOILS.—Tbe delightfully inharmonious condi-tion of the democracy in this city just at pre-sent makes the annual struggle for the cityspoils more interesting than ever. We have tofill in November several important countyoffices,judicialand otherwise,and tovotefor can only be gainedby a steady devotion to tbeSuezlinenowlaiddownfromKurauoheetopast, and they will not only retain the confi- dence, but will soon mosopolize all the patron- age, of foreign governmeJvate enterprise, in the construction of publioworks,has bsen freed from theblightingin-now the preliminary arrangements for the traps as this last essay of Superintendent Ken- tbe Turkish government and is already nominatingconventionsarebeingmade,and nedy—astretchofauthoritywhi&h,weare completed as far as Jezireh—a townTBSS OBSTACLE TO Frsiov.—-One of tbe great to pre part plans and specifications for cleaning the territory has been redeemed from the wander- electors could have any idea of. Three or four eat obstacles to the fusion of the conservativeparty has come out from that organisation aad purposes to erect a faction still more radical than the radical abolitionists themselves. T h e fact is patent that while the adherents of Gar- rison have been pretending that their organisa-ing tribes of Indians and transformed into pros- weeklystatementshowsabalanceon perousStates.Thesegreatpointsofourhome oft 239,301. Thebalanceofunexpendedap- policy have notbeen failures,butsuccesses, oas on the 31st alt. amounted to 13,- such sa no other government in the world canvote of this State on one electoral ticket againstLincolnistbearrogantpositionandtheexor- drivenhitberandthither,as maybestsuitthe bitantdemandsoftheAlbanyRegencyclique.Tbk set of cheating politicians claim that they havegiventheBellandEverett mentenelec- tors, and therefore they refuse to give any to tbe Breckinridge and Lane men. This is sheer impudence. They have- given the BellAt the period when Mr. Seward claims that our government took a national departure, and that since then it ha* failed to procure respect or good will abroad, the American name was an almost unknown one ia Europe-, so far as moral influence wa« concerned, and we may ask withpride, where does it stand now? Thea Europe was forging the Holy Alliance for theselfishness of all the parties of the day than this same rquabbling over the spoils, while the very existence of the government is imperilled by fanatics and traitors.the Breckinridge and Lane men anything, for they have nothing to give. If the three parties do not make a fair and honest combination, which all can support, the State will go for Lincoln to a certainty. Such a combinationexcitement that beggars description. There is more bribery and corruption, trading and barter- Lng^buying and selling, than the unsophisticatednity with just reprobation.of Mosul—aad is rapidly being carriedon towards Nineveh. From Bombay theline will run to Madras and Calcutta, andtbence south to the island of Java, from whence,by means of short submarine cables, in the shal- lowwaterbetweentheislands,itwillbecarried*tionwasaconpoliticalcue,theyhavestill toAustralia. Bythisroute a connectionbe-ofvoters,asiftheyweresomanycattletobejw.es. 11,410 46; for sotting curb and gutter, a a dnagging sidewalks in 110th street, between ThirdavenueaadHarlemfiver,andhiSixthavenue,nies',ourclaimsforredressforoutragesunderMEN*,NOTPnnvctPLEs.—SenatorSewardishav-maygivetheDouglasandJohnsonmenlinestoallpartsoftheworld. Lincolnins/•curingthesupportofthefrom 111th to 115th sheets, tS,4M » . The con-tract for regulating aad grading Fifty-fifth street,between Third aad Fifth avenues and 8eveath andEighthavenues,wasawardedtoThos.Cummins,hisbidbeing16,478fcJ.TheBoardconcurrediaconfirm,log assessments for the construction of acwera ia va- In half the port, of the world; oar dag was de-ing a good time of It out West Whatever mortwelve orfifteenelectoral votes in this State,and Newreeubjugation of the Spanish-American colo-radical abolitv jnists in Massachusettsdecrees, and other arbitrary proceeding?, were caused him, it must be in a great degree compen- of the Albany Regency having anything tc PRISON.—There must be something radically York, who nu mber some seven or eight thou-the Orders in Council, and the Berlin and MilanhootedatineverycourtinEurope;ourcomsatedforbyhispresentovationsNeverwasgiveInacombinedticket,theyhavegotte wronginthedisciplineandgovernmentofSingsandvoters,tjioreorless,andwillbeverygladrious streets. They returned, without approval, a nied the freedom of the seas; our claim that people of Michigan. They have lost sight of people look to it that these cheating partydocument o f the Fire Commissioners, being a deci- sion of that body disbanding Engine Coaafaaatea Noa. 13 and 21 for engaging in a riot, aad concurred whhfree ships make free goods, and our right of republicanism, tbey have ignored the doctrine managers do not defeat tbe conservative wishfishery, wore denied; pirates swarmed in our ownof availability, and they have altogether forgot-enterin g wedge in this movement; the country. Either the location of the prison is Pierr^ont and Foster convention is thefavorable to tbe escape of its inmates or its management is seriously defective. From some cause or other it happens that outrages of some kind are continually occurring there. The des- perate attempt of six convicts to escape wa Thursday will probably result in the death 0 f two persons, and it is very well known thatthe Aldermen in giving permission to the above wateis, and even a dirty negro potentate in ten Lincoln in tbeir fever of hero worship.of tbe masses.rarely happen in any other State prison in thecompanies t o run their engines again—thus vtrto- alty overriding the decision o f t h e (Tommisstoners. The Board adjourned till Teesawy.Ia the Geaeral Sassteas yesterday Jndge Russell aiateacod aosae notorioa* barglars to a k m g term of imprisonment ia the Stats prison, A s particulars Of which will b e found elsewhere, together withHow is it that in the humiliation of his dlsap-poiatments Mr. Seward exercises a more potentinfluence than tbe successful nominee of hisparty! It ts because there is something In him—because he is not the mere effigy of a politicalPUESIDKNTtALCAKU'AIOXGETTOCOL.IVX;.Hayti sneered at us as a mercenary people, whodirectioa. th e great- est importance, as showing the tendency of tbe republican party to adopt, In full, thedoctrines of tbe radical abolitionists, and by the election of Lincoln to pave the way for the subjugation of the South. The question is, whetherornottbeconservativemassesofthe Central States will unite to defeat Lincoln, and thereby overthrow these fanatics, who are la- boring for the dissolution of tbe Union and the overthrow of those institutions which have made the United States agreat Power among thenations,abeaconlight totheoppressedalloverthehabitableglobe.BJew Yew* Caaurt Tolls. AUJAJTT,Sept.7, ISM.The tf.ils fhr tbe foorth wee* of Anfurt are AM,90" over thesameweekoflSftf TheexeatsUna wee*isgreater than the entire receifai of toefourthweek of last yaw.w***•***«• Uwn the Monroe doctrine has°uld go to the infernal regions for a bag of*n promulgated, and the resabjugation of b ao more thought of; nearly•veryrvc^gnlmd and redflaC the claims of ourciti.**l|X-RH©pe or America hasOf the court is conducted. politicians by the superiority of his talents, hishe has the stamp of mind upon him—because, in adescriptionofthe.aaaaaeriawhkhthebaatasas r^n^^r*^too>oath«•«**short,hestandsontfromthevulgarherdofanddevotingtbeirlaborstoattacksuponone daringlastwinterquiteanumberofprt/ionersThe T onag Mess* Democratic General Commit tee met last evening at Tammany HaB, aad reor- electing James B . Kerrigan President, J. Campbell aad Charles T . Lyooa Sec- Roaolutions wars passed deaoancing the taken bythePage fomenttee, which maybe fooad iaanother~ ThePoliceCvored nation terms; of the right of•nr doctrine unconquerable energy, and hit equanimity un-another and defences of their own personal claims. The people will take the matter into abeir own hands, and. entirely disre- garding both candidates and leaders, will unite upon some Union ticket for whichattempted to escape across the river on 'the ice. The Legislature ought to take some roeasures to ascertain where the fault ties, and. •correct i tthat free ships make free goods t* j j E Zthe American seas have been ctaa*«-i t houn drew admiring crowds after them. Theytittification tbe ingratitude of his party may haveand without i t they cannot g e t one. InsteadTHE LATE RIOT AKD STABBING AT SINO SINGmercewassubjecttoonerousdiscriminations politicianmorefeted,morepetted,ormoreadu-combineinordertosavewhattheotherpar- lated, than is the rejected of Chicago by the ties sjre willing to concede to th«m. Let tbeSingprison. Thereishardlyaweekthatwe togetintot.berepublicanranksifthereisanydo not hear of riots, murders, stabbing ofkeepers, attempts at escape, and such things, of Andrf ;w, a thoroughgoing abolitionist, of among the convicts ef this establishment, which Mr. Seward's 'Massachusetts school." was theMea—because, detestable as are hw principles,der defeat Like him, Clay, Webster and Cal-boundaries have been'recog- exercised over the multitude that mag-T a gLV.—The interest in the election campaign is beginning to brighten up, and the fight is get- ting pretty lively. The different candidates who are stomping the country are- creating quite an excitement in ail quarters, although they age one and all shirking tbe tone issue,second T n e s estep in movementsthe a r esame o fTax CENSCB OF 1860 n* THE *CrrrR3.—The netism of powerful intellects which sub theHectorscanvote withsafety totbe whole census returns are being rapid'rybrought to theBaltichavebeanabaimhad; fee* irresistibly all inferior capacities to country,inwhicheventit»quitelikelythatnone completion,andthedocumentsfeofarshowthat totheworld;theneutralityof|Wteirinfluence.Andyetnotoneofthesegreatoftbepresentcandidateswillbetbechosen. whiletbeincreaseofpopulationintheprinci-our suggestion the Sound duTsBergeaat Whiteuiaa, o f the Twelfth ward, to t h e the American Iisthmus secured to commerce Z T ""-""-"*• * • » /**nu* wu* *» » « * **eat. Things are decidedly plating in that direction.Eighth precinct. Several resignations were re- and ourfiagand name are everywhere respect-' I S!J I!!!***** to a t l d o i l , 8 r *** • * * w w * r t «nd »may happen, aHee aM. that their stamp the Atlantic board have not grown so much atUntitled Documentaatiify the ambition of an Americar.•B*i CwEI Bamtiflfv that amKi'^an /\f aim A ma»}a» oratory willgofornothing.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069wasanticipated, witht h eexceptiono f Mewpafgn. It b all one tissue of personality, and" adiscussion about tbe claime to regularity anasupport e/the rival conventions which nomi-nated Ate two gentlemen. Mr. Breckinridge,instead of meeting the great issue raised by the if not ail the other Atlantic cities. The priaa tremendous demonstration against the va- that the country does not care a fig about such C h i c a g o . . . . . . . . *• 81 L o u t s . . . . . . . . .grants and beggars who infest the streets in the matters. Douglas commits tbe same blunder, Milwaukee.tower parts of the city. On a certain day the in addition to riding his squatter sovereigntymembers of the force not on post duty weiedirected, by special order, to appear in plainclothes at tbe several station houses, at eleveno'clock in the forenoon. When assembled, the each other up as the Kilkenny cats, and policemen were directed to sally forth into the tbey are doing more to elect I4n-these two candidates are an effectually usingagainst the institution of slavery, and threaten We do not build! ships"after tb9 fashion ofUnder these circumstances, so well known totbe police, the men all marked and spotted,off"!taganeasyprey,itmightnaturallybe DouglasandBreckinridgefacethismusic?supposedthat,alongwith,tbesmallfry,Mr.Su- Tbey donotface ft atall. Theytorn theirperintendent Kennedy a net might possibly con- backs, and, as If they did not beer it. launch outtain a few of the big fish. Nut so. The police into personal matters and avariety of small ques- met with abundant recognition abroad, for we-And how dotheymightusetheniggercryInelections,theynever bad any serious notion of admittingblacks to equality with themselves-. Accord-ingly the resolutions were wilfully burked in angled for miunows only. They laid violent tions, which have no bearing on the Issue and have been buildiog steamers for the Russian. theexecutivechambertillthetimehadlapsedhandsonallpersonswhosegarbseemedtoin-nointerestforthepublic.Letthemonlycon*Austrian,Turkish,SpaaiahandSouthAnwrieaav forissuingthenoticetotbepeopletovoteon dicatethattheywerefightingthebattleoftile rinuetocarryonthecampaigninthisfashion governmeata. Oneekttlinnavalconstructionbe put an end to, soon or late.unfortunate; the line between Malta and Cag- This is an encouraging state of tilings, and ita haif per cent upon a capital of $5,000,000 to- afloat Even the Great Eastern owes her beautystroyed." The effort to connect with India, en net rest satisfied with their triumphs in thehowever, is not to be abandoned; but as it is evident that it can only be accomplished by overland lines, a plan is in operation to ran aserved in theeity at all times of the year,andto arrest vagrants who are public nuisancss any-where they may find them, whether in the FivePoints or en Broadway. What a police force line from Constantinople through Asia Minor, THE LATEST LESIOIN" FROBM " THE MASSACHU- needs most is tbe respect of the people. That connecting, we presume, with tbe portion of SETTS SCHOOL.^'—We publish elsewhere the callpalWestern cities isverygreat tiie cities onKWUSXfmp • i".i^wimisuburbs, realties a proportionate imrsess (pfigt5*6.000 in IKK) to nearly 300,000 ia W6Umore, it is ascertained, has not grown so largely anwasexpected*,andthesameiftrueofnearlycipal cities of the West however, loom am veryis^sa T73S0Thus ft will be seen Oat the principal in crease in the population of the country is takingplace tstierrising cities of the great WestSHIPICTLD»O ta New Toax.—To-day there will be branched from the yard of one ofit not improbabfe that inducements wilt be heldnmeAts.chance for the federal spots. The nomination www.fultonhistory.com 