 .•quite all, repeated. adopt it," ritory. official I take these tldrty-ntne," for the present, as being The remaining sixteen of the " tliirt\'-nlne," so far their*• our fathers who framed the Government under as I have discovered, have left no record of their un- which we live." derstanding upon the direct question of Federal con- trol of Slavery in the Federal Territories. But thereagainagain, upontween dictumthe question for you in a sort of way. The Ci,iirt A hat-box marked Wm. Boullenhocbk, Sackville,"*what lON did.-,,no personsha'l be of deprivedto break this Government, un- updeath, by ajioplexy, Congressman.of Col. J. II.Ieby, formerlyavYOL. IX—NO. 2638.tEBRUARYPRICETWOCEWTS.HiPDBLICANS AT OOOPBR •^28, 1860.17iW, Congress orcanlzed the Territory of Mississip- division of local from Federal authority, or any part ""SJ^S**" "" ""'" '^'^ sympathy with Black Re- ing It right. All this mtist be done thoroagh^—done:pi. In the act of organization they prohibited ths of the Constitution, fortiade the Federal Government potBaatfsm ud then, to give point to the charge, In acts as well as in vorit. Silence will not De toler-lUmika ofSiwh^ lyenUrnls.Congress were three of the thirty-line who framed eentory In which it was framed, among whom to ed. What lndA:ed the Southamr'°h Insurrection, pits, or in private. We must arrest and retura thefrLCOISLaTIIU. Wasbiboton, UoDday, Feb. ».Wm.Sa. Hid J. 1,placed their opposition to It upon record, if, la their ffilsunCcrstood. I do not mean to say we are boand eonclMkm that Soothampton was got up by Black sltlon to Slavery, before they will cease to believe that The Galveston Civilian, of the 17th, says that Gov.Ike•Dooa&cementthatHon.AbkahakciselyprobablysayUa address ai followsSPSSCB or KR. LIRCOLir.Ma. PaiBisaBT akd Fnxow-Cinisss or Niw-Yoaxevening anythingtheShoal. She will await the arrival of a to tow her to New-York.Thefactswithwhich I shall deal thisfour times. The true number of those of thethirty-. nportad add:in the Miw-YoaxTiiias, Senator DouglasYouwe are sectionaL WedenyTnattor and thesentimentsto which hespecimen:Johh Lasoio!!, Rooxs Shishar, Wh. Fxw, Rnrcs Kino. and GxoBOE Rxad, each twice, and Abkahau BALSWuf"contencons with one another, each of you deems anas invocations of Washington, men to un- imploringingThursday,23d,engineoffare new in fte general tise I shall make of them. If there Shan be any novelty, it will be in the mode of present- the facts, and the Inferences and observationsIn his speech last Autumn, at Columbus, Ohio, asthings.And how much would It avail you, if you could, bytbe use of John Hilpse's book, and the Baow)i, like,break up the Republican organization ? Human actioncan be modified to some but humannature extent,a million and a half of votes. You cannotdestroyby breakingthe sentiment which created it oiit of the peaceful channel of the ballot-box into some otheraccusationsagainst us, nor frightened from it by men-alDlyoldandfamiliar noristhere ;the understoodbetter text, theyaces of destruction to the nor of dun- Government,ingMtowing that presentation.be Thereis a cannot changed.judgmentWhenMr. Lmcour had concluded hisduring the delivery of which he was frequenUy ap- plauded, three rousing cheers were given for the ora-pre- dae aad aa agreed starting- po|nt for a discussion be-be ? Would the number of John Browns be lessenedpear it was only to say that be could not allow him-The steamboatSt. Feb. S7. Josiph, Monday,PortsmoxUh,"laqolry : understandingbut it would be palliated, if not lully justified, were we proposing, by the mere force of numbers, to deprive you of some right, plainly written down in the Constitution. Butcame he to his sentiment promised expressWhat was thethose fathersspeak;freely. After a few words from Hon. Jab. A. B&iqgs andhad ofthe mentioned !" questioaShe went down in twelve feet of water, and is a total loss. She Is insured. Most of"of Qiem, ever acted upon this questioning a weapon in your hands against us, or in ourbut they that is, not mingled•qythey did, how they acted upon It that better understanding.—;"distinctly'"MxAnviLLx, Pa.,Monday,—In 1784 three yearsit to you, together with his exam- ple pointing to the right applicadon of it.hasin this College place,suddenlybefore the Constitution— United States then owning the Northwestern Terri-of such right IS affirmed In the instrument by implica- news, and the mystery in which everything in regard tion, it would be open to others to show that neither to the disaster seems enveloped. Rev. Mr. GosNxa,afternoon.and no other—the Congress of the Confedera- tk>B had before them the question of prohibiting"But you say you arc conservative—eminently con- Alxxai«deb Hauilton and Goutxr>si;b Moaais—while servative—while we are ravolutlonary, destructive, orHorth Rlrcr Opealag.RoNnoDT, N. Y,, Monday. Feb. 27.tory,there was not one now known to have been other-"""the word-" slave nor slav"ery is to be found in theConstitution, nor the word property," even, in anyto theof Montreal,whooccupiedthe of tke Park- pulpitand four of theafne" who afterward framed the Constitution were in that Congress, and voted on that question. Of these, RoaiB Sbibmaii, Thohas Hipvuh and Hdgh WnuAMsoB voted for the prohibition—thus showing that,intheir understanding, no line dividinglocal from Federal authority, nor anything else, properly forbade the Federal Government to control as toplaceSlavery In that Territory;thlrty-We stick to, contend for the identicalstreet Chorck, sermons yesterdaySlavery in Federal territory.The other of the four——jAns MoHzsKY voted againstConstitution andthe ;text affirms thatprohibition, show- tag tnat, for some cause, he thought it improper tovote for it.In 1787, sllll belore the Constitution, but while theConvention was in session franung it, and while the Northwestern Territory still was the only Territory owned by the United States—the same question of pndilbitlng Slavery in the Territory again came be-originalunderstood the question better than we.someIn man.To snow all this is easy and certain.ally to get all the particulars that can he gleaned tbe shocking catastrophe.»ofqoestion. Theyaad Amimw BA1DWI5sales to-day 1,700 Savannah, Monday, Feb.stltutlon ;and hence it is not recorded that the fraaed bythe first Congress widch satunder tbe Con- and still resist, your innovation;!Stand anJ de- liver, !o"r I shall kill you, and then you will be a mur.derererally insured.Excitement at l.onlsTiIIe, Ky. ATTBMPT TO LYNCH A PRISO.NER.theof you are for revnving the foreign Slave-tradelor a Congressional Slave Code for the Territories some lor Congress forbidding the Territories to pro-could be propertyWhen this obvious mistake ol the Judges shall beBriggs.understanding, any line dividing local from Federal to follow ImDllcltly in whatever our fathers did. To RepuhUcanlsm. In the present state of things in the all thefr troubles proceed from us.Hodstob has transmitted to the Fresidest the lesnltand if bow they expressedwould he cast the blame of that sectionalism upon us, who sustain his policy, or upon you who re-as this.of those on board had connections or intimate frendsFeb. 27. Dr. Jonn Baekee, President of the Alleghanythe—Anti-Slavery men of those times Dr. FaAirxLix,SundayTheferrystation is now running regularly, connecting with all trains on the Hodion River RaUroad.:"nine" whom I have shown to have acted upon theunconditional condemnation ofJTiizBixMuKB, then a member of the House of Slavery lii all the territory the nation then owned.John and yougets Whoframedthepassage. thirtytill 2when theon theIf accounts tha. reach u.<ffimetake control of it—even there, to a eertalB extent. In tory,) declare that, in his understanding any nroper yoVPtUtlcal contests among yourselves, each fic- cease to call Slavery mnme, and join them 1b call- latter in the name of the city a h«nHy.nHi aIbePeto^l NEW-YORK,TUESDAY,rtoiINSTITDTB.IlUnts bj^oB. Aknkan LincolB, vf wlihont the United States, by Ine, and giving free- To those who now so declare, I give, notcolors.Mr. Waxdinfrodnced the tesolotioii.Mnglng of s'avfi into the Territory, from any place to control as to Slavery In the Federal Territories.deSSM Black Repulicanism lo simply be insurrec-ated—we must place ourselves avowedly with themFrombio okaxdi coKmsio" ourcbcs of Congress without Yeas and Nays. In that live," but with them all other living men wl'hln the they were before the Republican Party was organiz- wrong, whether made in in preises, in pul- " " politics,Texaa.tion, blood and thunder among the slaves.dom to slaves lo brought. This act passed both bran- fathers who framed the Government under which we Slave tajsurrectlons are no more common now than forced, suppressing all declarations that Slavery isthe origfLsl Conitltutlon. were, Joan La((- They_and shall not be able to find the evidence theytwentr-«j«htslaves withWe mustsearch,soK, GioioiRiApand Absabah BAij>wiii. Tbsyall, of a siogle man agreeing with them.fugitivegreedy pl«a»ure.pullauthorlly, or anything la the Constitution,United States, I do not think a general, or even a very eitanslve slave insurrection, la possible. Thedo so upon evidence so conclusive, and argument so nor eta incendiary free men, black or white, supplyI am quite aware they do not state their caaeproperly forbade the Federal Government to control as toperience—to reject all progress—pre-Liscour^ Slavery in Federal authority.•f IBtegi*, would deliver u addresa lo Cooper Iiutl- • In 1803, the Federal Government purchased the ions and policy of our fathers in any case, we should The slsrM have no means of rapid communication ;drew tUther a large and eathu- ooABMBdng tile proceedings, Dattu Dodlitacquisi- certain of our own States; but thisUitanemblage. Soon after the appointed hoartions from camewhat we say which•Tanisg,clear, that even their great auttiorlty. fairly considered it.everywherepar-all,it Isdissatisfiesthem.Theyaroae and nominated as Chairman of Aa meting Mr. WaxiAM Craua Barm. The noml-of Louisiana. New-Orleans, lying within thatof slave^for their roasters and mistresses;manded the overthrow of our Free-State Constitu- TheXaq^alien was recelred with prolosaed applauae, and Slavery was extensively and thoroughly Intermingledvaa onanlmously ap{H«Ted.8PIICH or WM. CCLLXX BBTAKT.act, prohibit Slaverybut they did Interfere with itall truthful evidence and fafrwhich he is the t\Ai aad the slave- revolution in Haytl was not:sUtutlons win be demanded, asd nothing be left toI—In a more marked and extensive thanbyargumentXouislana country. Onr former territorialfrontier of Texas, he will himitlf man towas an old and part, comparatively large city. Thereof it, at kaat, I* true. A plot for an uprising could tions. Yet those Constitutions declare the of -wrongBcarcelrbe deylsed and communicated to twenty In- Slavery, wllh more solemn emphasis than do all otherandwhenall theseotherCommlssionerB report that there is no oerfalatT' quiet without a partial occupation of Mezhso.'were other considerable towns and 'settlements, andproper division of local from Federal authority, or anypart of the Constitution, forbids the Federal Government to control as to Slavery In the Federal Territo- dividuaUbcfin some one of them, to save the life of sayings against Itof TheTexaa:«al7 by t*me, and^who has consented to address a;tel! of dTlUxatiao against barbarismHtm of some of the falreit regiao of our Contlneac onwUehthesattlersareaowbuildingtheir torotthelaw,andfreedomtotheslave.obtau. I see a higher and wlier agency than This act also was passed without yeas and nays. sav so. But he should, at the same time, brave the tkat of man In the eanses that hare In the Congress which passed it, there were two of responsibility of declaring that. In his opinion, he un- BMwUdi iorm the northern part of the valley JosATBAN Datton. As Stated In. the case of selves and especially should he not shirk that re-Jfew-Terk asaemkiaee this The evening.aflegal right, and a social blessing.Nor can we jaatifiably wlthold this on any groundRailroad, with th* llcotbe yesterday by OauBso Shtb, hi accot^aneagreat Wast, BT Mends, is a potest anzlUarr in the battle w«araIghUng,forFreedomagalastSlavery inbe-bad been Imported Into the United .States since the first day ol May, 1798.framed the Government under which we live," used and applied principles, in other cases, which oueht tosicanai poiMMMIi from the kitchen, and open or stealthy aseasslnaUoiiB in the field, and local revolts extending to a score or 80, win continue to occur as the natural results of Slavery;occnpa-cept bythe penalty In all the cases being a fine upon the viola-;for thethe and for his own use as a settler owner,property was purr phased in the name of Noab L. Wilson, Davis OtB- tryforalongtime.Whoevermuchfears,ormuch•iesced,andsweptaway.IfItIbright,wecannotBORandothers.Trustees,tinderacompromise.agiaurytksalaTe. [Applause.: These children of the West, either the line properly oividlng local from Federal -But Let all who believe that " our enough. fathers,1798, two in 1804, and two in 1819-20at- tempt attempt at Harper's Ferry were, in thefr philosophy, precisely— sinners, righteous repentance suchthirty-onecountingnothinglike it toBlack Republicans." In all yourthesame. The to castblameonold eagerness; of them. Bat this would benot the but tbe toon Georges'steam-tug[It Is needless to say that the dispatch in the morn-ing papers of yesterday annoiincing the arrlvBl of the Jura at this port was IncorrecL—Ed. Tims.]which, byauleasntwioen,,is twenty-three, leaving sixteen not shownLet us have faith that rightto have acted upon it in anv way.Fire la FUladelpUa. PBn.ADXi.FHiA, Monday,"nine" fathers who framed the Government underHere, then, we havetwenty-threeof ourthirty-which we live, who have, their official uponaddress,A fire broke out thishouse of Chablis Ellis & Co.,plosion of a can of ether in the pacUnc-room, aad le-respon- sibility and their corporal oaths, acted upon the very questlonwhich the text affirms they "understood just as well and even better than we do now ;" andforward your charges and specifications, and then be patient Ion g enough to bear us deny or justify.eveningdrugit. twenty-on*of them—a clear majority of the whole makes an issue, and the burden of proof is upon you.had given utter-" Onr others, when they framed the Government "thirty-nine"-soactirg upon it as to make them You produce your proof, and what la it 1 Why, thatnder which we live, understood this question just as well, and even better, than we do now,"I tally indorse this, and I adopt it as a text for thisdlseooise. I so it because it furnishes a adoptand tween Republicans and that wing of the Democracy the twenty- one acted ; and, as actions Bpeak louder yet, are you willing to abide by It ? If you are, you headed by Senator Docolab. It simply leaves the than words, so actions under such responslbiiitv will probably soon find that we have ceased to be,^illy of gross political impropriety and willful per-our party has no existence in your section—gets nothe orator of the occasion was aofwhatextensive stock received muchInjuryfrom the water.jury, if, in their understanding, any proper division oetween local and Federal authority, or anything invotes in your section. The fact is substantially truefree labor and ideas could free expression of; but does it prove the issue 1 It it does, then, in case tke Constitution they had made themselves, and we should, without change of principle, begin to get sworn to support, forbade the Federal Government to voles in your section, we should thereby cease to beby forcingchannel ? What would that other channel probably long time before he appeared ; and when he did ap-control as to Slavery in the Federal Territories. Thus sectional. You caimot escape this conclusionor the operation ? enlarged byof the Hannibal andstill louder. sectional, for we shall get votes in your section this Two of the twenty-three voted against Congres- very year. You will then begin to discover, as thesional prohibition of Slavery in the Federal Territo- truth pl^nly is, that your proof does not touch themit to a denial of your ConsUtutionai rights.we are proposing no such thing.When make these have a JOU declarations, you^What is the frame of Government under which we ries, in the instances in which they acted upon the issue. The fact that we get no votes in your sectionjudge CuLvza, the audience separated.NEWS BY TELEGUAPE THE LOSS OF THE HUNGARIAN.Tardy FreparattoBS far Tlslting the "Wreck. FACTS ABOUT SDPPOSKD PASSISGkKS.Haufax, Monday, Feb. 27—8 P. M. Not another word, as yet, has been heard fromworth on Sunday.Bvar question. But for what reasons they so voted is not is a fact of your making, and not of ours. And if there be fault |in that fact, that bull isthe cargo will be recovered. *.The answer mast beUnited States." The Constitution consisu of the thought properoriginal,presentauthority,stitution, stood in the wayprincipleor practice. If we do repel youFederal and to nold them there as Territories,Isopposethe "thirty-nine" whosignedtheoriginalever expedient he may think it ;but onemayand"The Constitution of the known.They amay have done so becausedivision of local from Federal primarily yours,:framed in 1787 <and under which the Government first went into operation,} and twelve subsequently framed amendments, the first ten of which were framed in 1789.Who were onr fathers that framed the Constitution ?they and remains so until youspecificand well-understood allusion to an assumedIiater fiiwm Mlaittltlaa. Niv-Oblxans, Monday, Feb. 27.Uinatltlan dates of the 12th inst. arc received. They state that tbe Mexican war-steamer Fire ar- rived there on the 7th, dlsmantied the fort and tookInterfered to prevent .Americans from being driven out.or some nrovision orshow that we 'epel you by some wrongConstitutional of to take slaves into the right yours,of the Con- or they may, without any such question, have voted against the prohibition on what appeared to them to be sufficient grounds of ex- No one who has sworn to theframed that part of the present Government. It is stUutional, if, at the same time, he deems It inexpe- in would wrong dient. It, therefore, would be unsafe to set down principle, put practice,You will rule or ruinthe steamship Hungarian.The revenue cutter Daring has not yet arrived at Adjonnimentalmost exactly true to say they framed it, and it is even tie two who voted against theIiesi8latai«. The State Legislature adjourned this moming.prohibition, altogether true to say they fairly represented the having done so because, in their understanding, any mayThis, plainlystated,isyour languagetous. Per-the scene of the WTCck.A party of divers has left here in the schooner Os-Government to control as to Slavery in Federal Ter-anfiaailhle to need not now be to and indorse itto render assistance.have substantially said, it Isyour CorutituUonal right to take Slaves Into the Federal Territories, and to bold them there as property.of the House of sentatives, died at Autauga on Sunday.;pro- i« specifically written in the Constitution. That Instrument is literally silent about any such right. Ws, on the contrary, deny that our principle. If our principle, put in practice, would such a right has any^fZlstence in the Constitution,pediency.Constitution, can conscientiously vote for what he understands to be an unconstitutional meastire, how-;have slatted- todiscussion of the right or wrong ofSome of you delight to Saunt in our faces the warn- What is the question which, according to the text, is much reason to believe that their understanding ing against sectional parties given by Washington inToaoNTO, C. W., Monday, Feb. 27. When I say the decision was made in asort of way, Letters received by the Europe the frientis ofthose lathers understood just as well, and even better than we do now?It Is this: Does the proper division of local fromFederal authority, or anything in the Constitution, forbid our Federal Government to control as to Slavery In our Federal Territories Tupon that question would not have appeared different from that of their twenty-three compeers, had it been manifested at ail.For the purpose of adhering rigialy to the text, Ihave purposely omitted whateverhis Farewell Address. Less th?n eight years before Wasoington gave that warning, he had, as President of the I'nited Slates, approved and siened an act ofthe of mthe Congress, Inforcing prohibition SlaveryI mean it was made in a divided Cnurt by a bare ma- jority of the Judges, and they not quite agreeing with one another in tbe reasons for making it ; that it is so made as that Itsavowed supporters disagree withoneandthat it wasbased upon a mistaken staiement ol fact—the slate- ment in the opinion that "the right of property In abyMr. Mt'KiixAi:, M. P. P., state that he did not sail bythe Hungarian, as was supposed.C.was arrested to-day upon the charge of deal- ingincotmferfeitandbrokenbank-bills. Severalhun-Upon this, DocsLAS holds the affirmative, and Re- pnbllcans the negative. This afBrmative and denialand, for the same reason, I have also omitted whatever understandingtwtter than we.Let us now Inquire whether the thirty-nine" orFrom the Portland— —theInspectionhave been manifested, by anyhowever dis-Lettersperthesteamship Europastate thatframed the original Constitution;may have been manifested by any of the " thirty- pressingsame connection his we hope thatAnInform an Issue; and this issue this question is pre- nine" even, on any other phase of the general ques- should some time have a confederacy of Free States. dael; what the text declares our fathers understood tion of Slavery. If we should look into their acts and Bearing this in mind, and seeing that sectionalism declarations on those other as the has since arisen from this same subject, is that warn-it would to us that on the direct generally, appearquestion of Federal control ot Slavery In Federalaffirmed there——has thrown such a gloom over our cityManyTerritories, thesixteen,if had actedthey at all, wouldelse—"expressly"—that in words is,anl the of these connections and anxietyhave actedprobably just twenty-threepudiate It ?and we commendat 2 o'clock onas the did. Among that sixteen were several of the most notedfriends, and those who sympathize with them, If they had only pledged thefr judicial opliUon that been heightened by the delay ii^ the receptiondied _wise, olina.unless Itmaybe JoubRctusoBiofSouth Car-something of the sort. Whatis conservaUsmt Is it not adhsrence to the old and tried, against the newstreet Church, and Rev. Dr. Sbailsb, of the Federal-between thisand BhinebeckThe sum of the whole is, that of our "fathers who framed the original Constitution, iwenty-things slave, slave is alluded to, he is called a person ;"one—a clear stood that nofrom Repre- The Con.'Ututlonal amendments were Introduced be- Pennsylvania. It went through allextort my vote, can implicate aslneile scarcelylast for an unnaturalmarket firm, and thejentaUvestisstajsespassed both branches without Yeas and Nays, which of '67;do not knowIf matter, youwasExchange onwithout uIs equivalent to a unanimousortguialConstitution. Theywerewordthere were sliieen of the "In thatIf you do knowlllcholas Sllman, WiUiamas before stated, were our preeminently",Jtew.(:,=.,rKe Constitution, Read;told that in a persistingwill not so nijch as listen tu us. let us calmlyervaUon. saystheof fore and passed after the act enforcing the Ordinanceso that during the whole pendency of the act In tbis Con- to enforce the Ordinance, the Constltutiouai amend-nine" fathers ments were also pending.any ciple.toills examination, day,postponed Court-house, increasingordered the steam fire-opposiUon, and finallyjne i,oDs>uution, would have constrained them to op- dently iil.surdimpu-clarations, whichlive. Youneverdealtfairlybyr.f.iijjv interested in the ,nr articlesmoney from the Govenmoit the Indians never obtafri. WhUepose theprohibition.when coupled with the other affirma-Insurrectionsare the now. Will it satisfy them:especiallycrglnespotawayAbrahjni Baiuwin, Pie.ce fathers who framed that part of the Government un- S^- S-JotmsoD, Butl.r.l<wer Sk«rmi.n, Enlns Kinfr. Dii'ji':! Carrull, der which we live which is now claimed as forbid-proof. You need not becharge which one does not know to be true, is simplymalicious slander.jieopleconsider yielddeliberate view of our duty, we possibly can. Judg-ing by all they say and do, ana by the subject and hended. The military were ordered to hold them- nature of their controversy with us', let us determine, selves in readiness. Twoif we can, what will satisfy them.*.^?? .'.'''°^°* WasiirtiGTON, another of theS'Sirit' ^" "'TM President of the United SlKtes, ami alltited to be Inconsistent, understoodif, in the future, vvere m evident and[he Indians are their own livingtractors,sl V.iirfi.EP'"^'.'' '^'^ signed the bill, thus compleling ^» "" "^1 .'' ' "'^"the blame upon could get an ailvantage of us in those elec-hadwillLig law.prisoneris for daily chargedsupplies»nd thus in his un- siMii !' showing that,'""'"' alirmsthat they are Incon-ee with theelief tnat, by chargingevery Indianon theSllnlnJ^ °"',*"•2C!fS? i!J^' ',!"^ ""•''i'le l"<:al frotn Ptder.il au-1Ius, youtionswerl not quite f.ilfllled. Every KepubUcanwas aas to himself at least, your chargeknew that, it to castshindeV and he was nol much inclined byslaves,under which we Uve, declare our beUefwould be adequate toReservation. The blankets furnished theand for which the Government is charged at a hlrtea rate, are absolutely worthless—so rotten aiid damag^white but are unprincipled mra,'^JU'lng in the Constitu'.ion, forbide theSSlS'i .^ frimeis",!^rlf; '"''i'° "f-'ume that the"The elecUi.iis came, and yourThe crowd is now |9.30 P.M.Igradualb-Jispersmg. The question recurs, what will satisfy them ? Sim- and alUiough great indignation exists ''K»"'-'Sto control as to Slavery in Fed- ^T .n.„?i;i <>ilB'n=il Ccmslitution. and the sevenly- Fej^ralGoTerniuent ""the We must jiot only let them alone, but we prisoner, tiie fcai « an attack upon jaii9f« """"^CoaratutlMl, North Carolina ceded lo theXde tho^e w h',""°' fdooi^*?JK?* """m*-^"?!adoplionofthel^-'ntOKCther,certainlyin-Oovemment the couBtr>- now the constitutingwhofr^ed^i?p /"*' Andii^nr^^^,, !"r?'°'='"oae of ^eSev'er ;'!''',>',''">""»"easyWe have been so trying to convince them from the very beginning of our organization, but with no suc- we do, in com- cess. In all our platforms and speeches, we have con-for .he WASmsoTOS, Monda>,ties too to describe, revoltingoften sow tothoie who think^ miastilextMtteWmt^wto- and sometblng elseand a few years later whloh now constitutes the states ofaMinst Miv Interference whatever with your. ^"--^^f^F*ebe.'bZ,"?th-e'"y'c^.!im^f, .^^J^?TcBBcaceAlabama. In hoth deeds of cession it was made a con-'" show that"'' *''°'« "'« declared that, in";Georgia ceded thatMississippi and hfs undersLnndlnl »nSany'"°'"^' division of local from not er.courage them lo revolt. True,original Federal Slate ofdoctrines and de- under which we live." c arations are accompanied with a cui.tlnual protestareStand or ColorsStates that the Federaf Inthori?;^? Federal Govern- forbl?e ?he FiJerai (•"'stanUy protested our purpose to let them alonethis has had no to convince tendencybut Alike'--"^"'t^t'otthe of thanksdition by the cedingmeat should not prohibit Slavery in the ceded""" "'defy any one lo show that a,,5i,„i„„„.ii„;countrvSlavery evento convince them is thetheoccasion of thelS?ed1n''lTplTc'f. whSi;^tte'.^'^7t°^^^ Pf ^""J,^,';,Beside this. Slavery was then actuaUy in the ceded" ther. 1eonatry, Uaderthesodreumstances, Congress, on tak- thewhole world ever did prior '^' ^^ithe preient (and 1 raUht ',^e'°l5n?nT to the beginning o^ the last half vf the presSt Jen-Is wrong;would I believe know it but forunavailingnever detected a man of us them-statueto the Seventh Regiment,iae of thes«eo<mtile*,did not chargeSIs a In fact,Republican Party. generallyabsolntely'prohib itBl»vei7wUhlBtbem.Battber<Udisteijere7hthit-wouldyotix mtirepresentations of us la their bearing InspeciallyofNew-Vork. TheyahK)voted topresentto thenothing;guilty to notthat allthe nnn and shall be at peace, and inofmajority properIn the"The steamer Bohemian, which saUed from this port on Saturday for Liverpool, took In tow a large schooner, the Sara*, Capt. Upton, and with a strong crew on board, accompanied by Capt CaAwroBC, the efficient agent ef the steamship line at this port; andof the whole— under- certainlydivision of local from Federalpolicy adopted by" andginercises In most of the other pulpits'northe Federal Government to control Slavery in theject, and scout, and spit upon that old policy, and in-alluded to. It Is spoken of as service orFeb. 27.authority,any partof the forbade Constitution,sist something new. True, you dis-Federal Teiritorleswhile all the i*5tas to what that substitute variety proper sitions and plans, but you are unanimous in rejecting and denouncing the old policy of the fathers. Somesuperfine. sales of 4,500 bushels, at $1 55a tl tf? for white and »1 40 for red. Cosh doll: 43c.had was the understanding of our fathers who framed thetheyWheat 2c.'a3c. higherto exclude from the Constitution the idea that there from tills soiuce, if from no other, we hope eventu- sales of 3,CtlO bushels yellow at 75c.®76c. Oatsthe same Such, understanding.that this mode ofalluding;«44Hc. Pore-Mess, tl8 75; Prime, tl3«$15.Wbiat activeWhite, tl 40a$l 50.firmer, at 69c aric. by measure, and 73c«74c.;probably unqtiestionably.to slaves and Slavery, In- stead of speaking of them, was employed on purposeBut, so far, I have been considering the understand- ing cf the puestion manifesltd by the framers of theSouth Carolina IteDB.Floce quietand threewere Wiuxui Blocst, Wiluah Fxw us to the provisions which they suppose it thus rio- errinent under which we live. .\ot (uie uf all y.-urIlronES ami Rev. Father Mathews at $IHS$1S 25: Prime advanced 50c., salesatwte the Congress of the Confederation woeofthe"thirty-nine"whoafterwardsignedthe Coostltation were in that Congress, and voted on theThosewhonowinsistthatFederalcontrolofSlavery hibiticnc.fSlaveryiinFederalTerritories.:u-rordini; in Federal Territories violates the Constitution, point to the practice of ,>'ir fathers who liamed the G,,v-sameconstitutionalililGsti,.ninourfavor,longago— ArcliL^sliop;and they all voted for the hibition—thus showing that, in their understanding, no line dividing local from Federal authorlly, nor anyiblng else, properly forbade the Federal Govem- meut to control as to Slavery in Federal territory.This time the prohibition became a law, being a Douglas and tis peculiar adherents plant themselves part of what is now well known as the Urdinance that " the Ot '87. upon the tenth amendment, providing«1450. Waisxidull,at24>4c. Chablkston, Sloadav.„ bales.;so far lis any evidence is leflwitiiout basing it uiiou in a fit"bistiument, expressed any opinion on that preciseCongress greater prominenceact already mentioned, enforcing the prombitlon of have that question reduced to Its former proportions! Slavery in the Northwestern Territory. Not only Go back to that old policy. What has been will bethirty-nine," or any of them, while engaged on thatear, and rautteis through his leeth,"Cottonfirm:sales to-d!iv10,500question. In 1789,which sat under the was it the same Congress, but they were the identi-again, under the same conditions, if you would have the peace of the old times, readopt the precepts and policy of the old limes.Ycu charge that we stir up Insurrections amongTobe whattherobber —3Sc.e39c. Coix steady, at TS:C7.5ac7.iic. Molabsbb,S')c.a85!»c. F»o-firm; yellow, «ri^c.; while,the firstConstitution,anactwaspassedto enforcethe Ordi- cal, same Individual men who, at the sasie session, nance of the in and at the same time within the session, had underFeb. -17. A man callinL- him.si-jf John Haskell, hailingbyCongressown and 1 hadeamanded of me myvisiONSnrm Mess50a$1875. Freights"87, including prohibition of Slaveryit :but itwas no;more ray own than my vote ismy fromthe Northwestern consideration, and in progress toward maturity, those Territory. The bill for this actownJohn Beovvn was no money, and the threat of destruction to the Union, toJllassachusctts,a sailor recently from was arrested on SaturdayExchanges. Cincinnati,was " Constitutional a-iiendmeuts and this act prohibiting reported by one of the thirty-nine," Thomasyour slaves. We deny It .and the tiireat of death to me. to extort and what is your proof? raylates as I;consistingInallofseventy-sixmem- bers, including sixteen of the framers of the originalfact. If cusable to assert it,o'clock,Slayor to driveThatCongress,you andto persist in tbe thoughmuchthe crowd. Thisfrom •- l.e.aluma.^-^fF^b.4,^are^re^^Vmiam Patterson, .lam^sUad^suii. ding the Federal Government lo control Slavery Inthejailhangingprisonerappre-sujbert Morris,-j^ «hows that, in their understanding, no line dl- Is It not a Utile"1- ","and '"»^^o"eIjtheGeorge Clyraer. theadmit that noaided or encouraged the Harper's Ferry affair butlocal irom Federaltne Csnstitullon, properly forbade Coiirt'S'^ tu nro-el.se both theirtS^l^ correct Drinciple, ami their oath to sHiiport other yno de-clear,arresting severalTs 'reliable with beef and blankets «r« eoo-;Federal Territories.Some of youstill Insist that our doctrines and deliberations ueces-GoveSment Ourcomes to iu onderin any one at this day anything in to affirm Uiat the two thliigs which that Congress de-;cannonsInside the squarenor preeumptuousauthority,S?"' ^la'ery in the Federal territory same tirr.c, :iro abFolulely inconsistent wUh eachJTOlngWill they be satisfied if the Terrinries be uncon-us to beltare ttat Itha« contract. iorlnilllA-libtrali:ly framed, and cairied lo maturity at theWe do not believe it."'"i;"°i",!^umsti^ces as 'compel P^i5es,whoAnd does not such affirmation becomewere not held to and made by fathei s who framed the Governmenttion, frcm the same that those wno did theragehave nothingtion, and" mouth, Ihir- two thieasthat theprosecution desired no riotous conduct, but""yreilly were inconsistent better thanknow- with invasions and insurrectionsgetting nothing^cSl.nfn,..,"' t'"ngress which framed theply thismust, somehow, convince them that we do let themtiiat they are of no value whatever. Nor The women are not protected against .'jesupportdestroy the Government, unless you be allowed to lastrnment may be fairly called our fathers who ought to vote against a measure which he deems con- such. Meet us. then, on the question of whether our construe the Constitution aa you please, on all pointsthirty-nine "oldon the point in controversy which wasour fathers who the Government franji^or slavery, and that wherever in that instrument thewas alluded tosome fororigiual Constitution, in, and by, the original instru- Slavery in the Territories through the Judlclnry;ment, a mode was i)rovided lor amen-linfflthave already staled, tlie present Iraine of Government under which we live consists of that original, anu twelve aroendator>' articles framed and adopted since.;Cobb active and;ami, as 1tl 30®tl 33White and Yellow, by weight. P.iai steady;all fixpro- visions In these amendatory articles, and not in the the century within which our Governmt nt originated.and, originaldiedHe was a native of Bordeaux.;suddenly The south Carohnian, of yesterday, announces theunderstand, theyinstrument. The Supreme Court,ln the Dred"heivts about the ol it after it Wa.s I'laje. ai.d iirrived fromineaidng roiiiipeire. Guadaloiipe,themselves upon the fifth amendqent,Scott case,which provides thatproperty without due process of law ;" while Senatorandare based on the most clear and stablefeelplantyour chargeof deslructiveneesreallythirty-nine"mauthe denunciation.do so would be to discard all the lights of current ex-allwhat I do say is, that If we would supplant the opln- indispOwMost of them wouldwhat you please about Slavery." But we do let taken for the efficient proteeUon of thathe provision therein made, in relation to slaves, the false belief that "our fathers, who framed the history, tlninot connected with slaves,wasmore mandingwhatand for the reasonthey do, they do,Territory from foreign parts. for truthful evidence and fair If argument.Third:That no slave should be carriedinto it, ex-have led them to understand that alocal from Federal authorlly, or somestitution, foi bids the Federal Government to control astoSlaveryintheFederalTerritories,heisrighttosave our conviction that Slavery Is wrong. If Slavery but no general insur- la right, all words, acts, laws, and Constitutions rection of slaves, as I think, can happen in this coun- against it, are themselves wrong, and should beMends, fonn a living bulwark againit the ad- authority, or any provision of the Constitution.*aaoe of SiaTcry, and from them is recruited the In 1819-20, came, and passed, the Missouri ques-vanguardofthearmiesofliberty, [/kpplanse.l One tion. Manyvotesweretaken,byYeasandNavs,in thanwedonow,"speakastheyspoke,andactas af them will appear before you this ereulng in person both branches ol Congress, upon the various phasesthey acted upon It<-•gallantaoMleroftbepoUUcalcampaignoflBi6— ofthegeneralquestion. Twoofthe'*thirty-nine"—Judge DiCKSESON, of the United States Circuit Court, New-Jersey, this day granted an Injunction at has the power otf restraining the extension of ibA in- to letjt alone where it is, because that much is due the suit of Cbablbs Goodtiab and the New-York— service to the RtreB KiRG and Chablib Pisckhxt—were members {U^anse] who then rendered goodRepublicansThe Federal Government, as we however,politicalresponBlbillUes,canwedothisTofjUfmtalleaa cause, and who has been since the great that Congress. Mr. Kiiia steadily voted for Slavery not to be extended, but to be tolerated and protectedAusplon of that cause in the struggle which took and against all compromises, while Mr. only because of and so far as its actual presence niaee two jaais later for the supremacy of the Repub- Pr'oihsicbsistsiTonss steadily voted against Slavery prohibi- among us makes that toleration and protection a ne-Wrongas we thinkwe canafford*".""* laaeoiia of minois—[cheets]—1 have only tajmmaance his name to secore your profoundest at- laulon. [Prolonged applause, and cheers for Lni- «•»]bored—contrivances suchground between the right and thesearch for a man who should be neither a living mannor a dead man—suth aa a policy of " don't care " ona — Feb.37.Mr. Lnoou advanced (o the desk, and smiling gra- «U<uly upon his audience, complacently awaited the (OBlnation of the cheering and then proceeded withthe general qualities ol reason and justice you are not Inferior to any other people. Still, when you speak of us Republicans, you do so only to denounce us as reptiles, or, at the best, as no better than outlaws. You will grant a hearing to pirates or murderers, butquestion about which all true men do care such asBoston, Monday,who took the tion, and acainst all compromises. By this Mr. Kthg Let all ;the those fathers cessity. guarantees gavenow free from Slavery.John Bxowb'b effort was peculiar.Beaai In the Leglslatore of IlUnolsAald against Scoator Bouolas, and would hare won showed that, in his understanding, no line dividing it be, not grudgingly, but fullv and fslrly, maintained. in the ooniUct hot for the unjust provisions of the law local from Federal authority, nor anything in the For tills Kepublicans contend, and with this, so far as at the State, which allowed a minority of the people Constitution, was violated by Congress prohibiting I know or believe, they will be content.tt dect a m^orttr ol the Leglslataie [ Applause.] I Slavely in Federal territory ; while Mr. Pi!ickk»t, by And now, if they would listen—as I suppose they tava only, my ineiids, to Honoonce toe name of his votes, showed that in his understanding there was will not—I would addreB* a few words to the Southernsprings, aad other articles of;in viola- slave InsarrectUn. It was an attempt by white men If our sense of duty forbids this, then let us stand tion of the patent of Chaxizs Goootxab, The de- to get up a revolt among slaves, in which the slaves by our duly, fearlessly and effectively. Let us be di- fence was, that the defendants had patents for luiBg refused to partldpate. In fact, it was so absurd that verted by nose of those sophistical contrivances sulphurates and shale ; but It was proved, and notcome sufficient reason for opposing such prohibition In that case.The cases I have mentioned are the only acts of the " thirty-nine," or of any of them, upon the direct is- sue, which 1 have been able to discover.To enumerate the persons who thus acted, as belne; four in 1784, three In 1787, seventeen in 1789, three Inthere would beit could succeed. Thatconespoads with the many attempts, related Indenied, use of free;who framed the Government under which we live, understood this question just as well, and even tietterJirnun did not mean to say, nor do I, that thebut tiiinking it WTong, as we do, can wepeople.I would say tovain as theUnion appeals beseeching true Union men to to yieldsulphur.Accldeat to the Steaaer JanuYou considerreasonable and a just people; and I consider that inphy,history, at the laeassinaUon of kings and emperors. An enthusiast broods over the oppression of a people,till he fancies himself commissioned Heaven to byliberatethem. Heventuresthe attempt,whichendswrong,_The Cnnard steamer from on the Jura, Liverpool11th Inst., put into New-Bedford this afternoon, hav-Eieak,lywith anythingmeaning just that, without the a'd of any inference, and susceptible of no other meaning.and untried }connection with language alludingwherever his master's legal r"ight in relation to himBaptist preachedspecially upon the subjeet: and itwith much feeUn the sermons or devotional ex-under which we livewhile you with one accord re-is due," as a "debt" payable in service or labor. Aiso, itelty.Marketa byPBtLAniLVHtA, Monday,Harpers Ferry!:them;yourselvesa"ism" as the first thing to be attended to.Black Republlcan- Indeed, such condemnation of us seems to be an indispensable pre- requisite—license, so to speak—among you to be ad-mitted or permitted to speak at all.Now, can you, or not, be prevailed upon to pause,and to consider whether this is quite just to us, or even to yourselves?geonsBringthatsaygrhttacnclyple principle or practice, the faultBut no sucheven by implication.Your purpose, then, plainly stated, is, that you willyis ourswron^but this brings you to where you ought toawrong your section for the benefit of ours, or for any other object, then our principle, and we with it, are sectional, and are justly opposed and denounced asperty.rightsectionas and so meet it as If it were possible that something in all events.and us.eidnion and sentiment of the whole nation at that • proper division of local from Federal authoritfy, or lenge! No? Then vou really believe that the haps you will say the Sfupreme Court has decided the principles which our fathers who framed the Govern- disputed Constitutional question in your favor. Not tiae. Their names, being familiar to nearly all, and anything in the Constitution, forbade the Federal ment under which we live, thought so clearly right as quite so. But, waiving the lawyer's distinction be-The Governor Mr. Jackson,Arrest of an Alleged Coimcerfclt lUoney l>ealer.Boston, Monday, Feb. 27. AlOJJZO p. Bobbill, a broker at No. 16 State-possession.InMarder Georgia.AcGCSTA, Ga., Monday, Feb. 27.The Romebrutal murder of Robbbt Tboupson and bis wife on the previous Tuesday. Mr. Tuoicpbon was a mer- chant and Postmaster of Sugar Yalley, Ga.Death of Dr. Jabn Barker.yourbesaidonourside. Doyouacceptthechal-in disputebetweenyouIn so as oaths. Is, fact, clearly wrong to" has'been washed ashore.demand your condemnation without a moment's con- sideration.Norihwesteni Territory, which act emi>odied the poli- understanding may cy of the Government upon that subject, up to and at;mainlySt. Cathebineb,W., Monday, Feb. 27.person,tinguished, other than the thuty-nine fathers who one alter he penned it he wrote La Fatbttx thattbe very moment he penned that warning yearand about be considered that prohibition a wise measure, ex-We respect that wandng of Washington,here,upon pro- various can show a or an :tdr(icate in plans precedentSlavery question It. powers not granted by the Constitution, arc reierved We admit that it is more prominent, but we denyThe question of Federal control of Slavery in the to the States respectively, and to the people." that we made it so. It was not we, but vou. who Territories seems not to have been directly beforethe CoBvention which framed the oritdnal Con- Now, it 60 happens that these amendments were discarded the old policy of the fathers. We resisted,Labsa, President, in that supposed event, you say, yon will the oldest in the city. The residence of EnvfARH Lu- shade easier. Bacon and hulk meats—a small busi-member of our partyknowyou are inexcusable designateisIt or you do not know It.some elections were near at hand, and youstalewere dealt with by theaffair. WhenWe so anything to do and yet this total eioectatlons abstaining does not exempt us from the charge and''* '"'^'^ "0"f f^'hers his V ote in your favor. KepubUcan '"'"^ywealone. This, know by experience, is no task.subsiding.'"e Constitution,that buttheslavesdonothearusdeclaretaem.factthattheyhave •mi"l^i^t"arVyw^wo'Tliosvistit^d'iheCltyonofFor the ^"Sv*^'»dTaS°dc"rSlli/on'.lfe^'^*o:Sthis century, almostSvnrior theyanything;Tclegntph. Flocb firm, at %5 75® $6 25 foruponEubstitutlngagree among yourselvesshall be. You have considerable of newwould be to openwhether claim of conservatism youragainst us, foundations.mistakenstatementol facts.Under all these circumstances, do youycs'.eplay.Consider, then, for yourselves,anysellers than ket.buyers,and holders pressing on the mar- Acocsia, Monday, Feb. 27.we have made themore prominent than It formerly was. We uenyThe Canonsboro" Rice Mill, with 5,000bushels of.i^galn, jou sayFloce dull andWhiskt steady atanil thence comesstitution—the identical which passed the the of the question. Would you Tliatlscool. A highwayman holds a pistol to. myBbown have failed loSlonday,BepublicaiiRepublican In the Harper's Ferry enterprise.distinguishedinprin-Moneythe supply. Sight changed..New-1»r» ub.latiiy lead to such results.We know we hold to no doctrines, and makeWe know will in front of it ditionally surrendered to them? theyit occurred,Weknow because we know- we neverandthe Governmentof with you about yourmon wiS. our fathers, who framed the Covermnentaretrue famons irvirtpm wa* abolished,ItB^rscarcely know thererecent ^ru^ration of_theWabs^o^^^^^ National Guard,not.ftUipg, wtwtwUl coflTlnce them ;Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Tnis, and this only;RepublicanKorth.thf^ag»^^i„x,.^.tf ,tihe andproper partdivision of of the Con-withadecreeoftheConrt. Theandand the Court have decided pray decision,ex-Speaker;onlyDoi'OLAS' new sedition law must be enacted and en-bzfobt of thb ADJOUBKKIST of tbe TIIABImprovement,in this Meconcert ol action "Republicans ask—allHe ipoke of Vlrslnia and, as to the power of eman- cipation,IspeakoftheSlaveholdlngStatesonly.agalnit our own ? In vlewof our and moral, social,This 1b alldesire—Inrelationto Asthose Slavery.;fathers marked It, so let it be again marked, as an evilSlavery is,yet;— Howard-street, $5 50;;theywould be a more appropriate occasion, and when it day, bound for Kansas City, with a cargo of lumbarand other stuff, struck a snag and sunk near Leaven-is it not reasonable to soint- for the "gur-reat pur-rinciple" that "if one reccnsitfer the conclusion based upon it?firm; SThibit Slavery within their limitsto their notice,expect;man would enslave another, no third man should ob jec:t," fantastically called "Popular Sovereignty;" hut never a mail umonEi yuu in fiivor of I-eleral (.ro-Red,maintainingbjought—llie men who made the Constitution decided this——designedlyIn under which we Territoriesour us in relatiori to thisnot.Indlans receiving;of the Alabama MoKiGOMiRT,Ala.,Monday,Feb.47.;Wbibii dull, at 23)ic.e25c. „ v Baltikobi, Monday, F*. 27..judgmentfeeling-that sentiment—phases, foreignSlave-trade, and the morality and policy of Slavery hands against you? Could Washington himself pledge their veracity that it is disdncUyand express- We have no recollection of any catastrophe thatwe important insurrections?todowithinvasionssaying that thepersons should bedlHiersed overthscountry, earning fromttaeso con-slaves. this does Surely,we say or do, the slavesin any attempt to disturb Tbeae natural and apparently adequate means all""'^^ '""'"'y °»« °^« I"'^'"'- need surprise us.Unt.itled Documentyean ago, in which at least three timesas mi»y Uves were lost as at Harper's Ferry. You down onr Free-State ConstltnUons. The whole at-The JTew-Orleans Picayune, of Wednetdiy, is JM^wi. CoDen Bryant, Horace probably, voted for It. Certainly they would have Now, and here, let me guard a little against being can acBreely stretch your very elastic fancy to the mosphere must be disinfected from the taint of opps- received by Adams' Express.materials arelouislana country was acquired from a foreign na- and weighed, cannot stand ; and most surely not in a cels; tMtbire neither are, nor can be suppUed, the will continue to accuse us of doing until we cease repel the present Invasion and pnnai a raenrytion. In 1804, Congress gave a Tenltorial organisa- tion to that partolltwhlcb now constitutes the Statethe question better tnan we.If any man, at this day, sincerely believes that aand a partsaying. rence of the measures progreWing in and oof of 1 am also aware they have not, as yet. In terms, de- Texas, looking to a protectorate In Nortbon MfV~vTh* (Zliloeiveesse whereof we ourselves declare they understood indlsptfbleeonnectlig trains.InMuchkiBkld bv Southern people about the affectionsayingswith the people. Congress did not. In the Territorial ries, he is right to say so, but to enforce his position afavortttOMfter or mistress, would divulge it. This shall have been silenced, the overthrow of these Con- wlUiout action on the South Carolina —TThrtlTMi;resist the demand. It isdid in the ca»e of Mississippi. The substance of less access to history and less leisure to study It, into liar circviatBAees. The gunpowder plot of British they do BOt demand the whole of this just now. De-waytheycan. But he has noto ndsleadothers,who have an excepfOB to It,but a caaeoccurringunderpecu-nothingto the that contraryThe Marietta aad ClaclnnariKr. BaTAST, afler tha applanae had aubtlded, saidIt la a gratefol office that I perform In Introducingtayoo at tkla time aa eminent citizen of the West, was; Government under which we live," were of the same In point. In uat case, only about twenty were ad- ihey can volufitarilv stop nowhere short of this eon- wkem yo« Inow—wbem yon hsTO known hitherto— Pint—That no slave should be imported Into the opinion—thus substituting falsehood and deception mitted to the tecret ; and yet one of them, in bis anx- anmmation Holding, as they do, that Slavery isrightHaUrvad. BXCONBTBCCTIOI OTin lltUe else than his own execution.Obsini's on LoiHB Napolion, and John Brown'sDisunionfsts, reversing the Divine rule, and calling,Eng- land in tbe one case, and on New-England in the other, does not disprove the sameness of the twosayand undo what Washisq-andafeel- ing against Slavery in this nation, which cast at leastFeb. 27.UnoUedly affirmed in the ConstitutionAdvertiter,Feb. 27.of the labors of the Texas Com mlssioaers on tha Rio caimot be attafned. to us, Let us alone; do nothing with us, and say Grande. He says that unless ImnmdlBte steps ar*Aman lo sav* a friend, betrayed the plot to that friend, morally right, and socially elevating, they cannot ietySALE or THI BOAB ASDTBI COMPAJIT.BcrvALo, Monday, Feb. 27.anySecOTid-That no slave should bo carried into it who at tills day sincerely believes " our fathers, who and, by coBSeqnence, averted the calamity. Occa- cease to demand a full national recognition of It, asThe Marietta and Cincinnatiproperty and effects belonging to it, was sold at Chll.With hardy the rast and fertile the "thirty-nine." They were Absabah Baidwih and derstands their better than they did them- people regions principlesyears ago, "It Is still In our power to direct the pro- -its enlargement. All they ask, we couldwin be thereorganisationof theCompaay bm of—of the Hlsslsalpid a race of men who are not pi,Mississip-,cess of emancipation, and deportation, peaceahly,and grant. If we Uiought Slavery right all we ask, they debt, as the value of the property if to be iriiimflt< ;bolh voted for It.aahaoMd to tlU uielr acres witk their own hands, and not have allowed It to pass without recording their question just as well, and even better, than we doInInsensiblyby free white laborers. If, on the contrary, it is letl to force itself on, human nature must shudder at theit iswko wtmld be ashamed to subsist on the laoor of opposition to It, if. In their understanding, It violated now."probable theyand their places be, pari paaru^ filled up prospect held op."Minsist,they thought itwrong.capital stock,all tbemortgage* baiagTheyunderstood theentirely by thewould thev sponsibility by asserting that"such alow as degrees,that the evil will wear off 'could as If readily grant.hopes, for aoch an event, will be alike disappointed. jusUy object to its nationality-its univeisality; Ifit Ib the language ol Mr. JirriasoR, uttered many IS wrong, they cannot jusUy insist upon Its extensionment for capitalization. The effect of tha lala;Their thinking it right, and our thinking Itwipedout. The wasaoklfortbe propertyr.powerofemancipationisintheFederalGovernment. tothem? Canwecastourvoteswiththeirview,andenoughaffair,in itsphiloso-as groping for some middlelabor show, by cotemporaneous history,And then it is to be remembered thatwho framed the Government under which we live"be AfewwordsnowtoRepublicans. ItIsexceeding-crime, on account oftheillnessofoneofthewitnesses. Thisforenoonait. Iv desirableIt, you are Inex- Let us Republicans do our part to have it so.:this great Confederacy one with anollier. Even provoked, let us do nothiag throughon .he Meod.elao Outrages Ion-parts harmony,crowd about the gatheredIndian, Rene rTHiprovetheassertion after you have tried and failed to nuke the passion and ill temper. Even though the .Southern was temporarily successful, but towards dark thetheir demands, and to them if, in ourall their the present couiplaints against us,are Invasions and scarcely mentioned.it will not.;thatsupport Indians,It was not ato overrun us here. In these Free States ?India-nibber,the slaves, with all thefr ignorance, saw plainly wherewith we are so industriously piled and bela-anotheraboutits meaningslave is distinctly and expressly affirmed In the Con- Hon. Mr. Mxrbitt, M. P. P., was not a passenger bystreet,dollars of the stuff were found In hisstitution."the Hungarian, he being prevented by business from(Ga.)Courier of tbe Saturday reportsof the Constitution will show thatthe right of property in a slave is not dlstincOy and coming in her.expressly affirmed in It. Bear in mind the Judges do not pledge their judicial oplmon that such right isTHE CATASTBOPHE AT POBTLAHD."BUBNISO OF A BICE MILL. Ciiablbbton. Monday, Feb. 27.;;way.them alone—have never disturbed them—sothat,afteris the precise fact upon which det>end8 the whole con- troversy. Thinking it right, as tkey do, they are not to blame for desiring its full recogi#lon, as beingright;yieldto astitution—the power insure that slave insurrec- to the necessity arising from its actual presence in Belting and Packing Company, restraining StnnAB &tion shall never occur on any American soil which is the nation ; but can we, while our votes will prevent JosLiB, of Trenton, from making billiard strips, carit, allow it to spread in the National Territories, andWashinston Bald,Neither let us be slandered from our duty by falseto ourselves.makes might; and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty, as we understand it.andup tbe political organization which rallies around it.You can scarcely scatter and disperse an army which ance. There were then loud calls for Mr. Gbxxlbt, riously burning a female employe. The iie waa ex- has been formed Into order In the face of your heavi- who came forward and assured the audience that tinguished with littie damage to the building, bat the est fire, but If you could, how much would vou gain'That has a somewhat reckless soundproduce. He was followed by Gen. Ntx, who was called for aliOBS Of the Steamboat Ponsmantk,self to disturb the effect of ihe address io whichBut you wlB break up the Union, rather than sub- had listened, by any remarks of his. By and by there St. Joseph Railroad Line, which left here on Satur-andthat they will withdraw the mistaken statement, and MOVKMFNTS 07 ABCHDISHOP niGnKS OBITUAET Ohio City MiUs held at %i J4.our fathers, —for Me» fMa27.with moredecided it without a divi=iunHiiiong themselves, when have arrived here froui New-York.~,making tlie decision w divisiim.Capt.DrsPEB.iot.s. of the French bark Pd/mter. justtliu.utain-iiig llieiii-CoTTOX unchangedC'OTTOX—Sales to-day 650 bales,yourselves justifiedless such a Court decision as yours is shall be at oncesubmi'led to as a conclusive and fmal rule of politicalaction? unchanged.rice,wasdestroyedbyfireyesterday. Themillw-asBut you will not abide the election of a Republican S5 37^j. PK0VIS105S generally unchanged.destroy the Unionand then, you say, me great cas was also much damaged. The property was gen- ness doing, but held firmly. MissPoee—no sales ;;New 42 old' Orieans,) >eir5Feb. z.- .icinuiid '""-* "P '°swuares, —Ky.,(but others say an Englishman,;money myclear right to keepandExchange;crime of having destroyed it will be upon us„Febv. «27.. bales. SctgakLocisviLLE,.Moii-lay,imchaPnork, «1S ged.lo thecrowd swelled to several thousands, and an attack onand thethe jail, and theof theandwere placedtfli""xPoi cd only bywere police marshaled, keeping, rS^Jdalwindleintoxii-ited and turbulent persons. At 5 o'clock this afternoon Judge BcLLOCK addressed the crowd, urging modera-Both branches of the Common u,lv. resolutionsviceable. If tiieseUifrigs.,. Feb. 27.readilywrong,minima* fixed by the Cotirt, two hundred thousand dollan.la^ortaat Pateat DeeUioa. Fatxbbon,N.J.,Monday,Feb.27.COTTOK—Sales and prices weak.mth little inquiry, Cincinnati, Monday, Feb. 27.Legislature adjoumel on tha IJth Inthat rubber cannot be vulcanizedwithoat (hethe guns to Vera Cruz, byorder ofThe United States Marines at Tehnantepee hadfailed toapprove the Convention tillLRepre-unimportant,offered at f17®$17 60.Niw-Oblbabs, Monday,broke herin the originatingware- in the ex*Juabkz.^. ^ of the'Taforous heroes of theM^^— ,, i^ an oufrage uponaouMs 'f'i"^^,^}^£^}^& -I :C www.fultonhistory.com 