 it ter-, ^ridb. Luang » had Ken- >ieofa ob- r hadaus- bors,. jrthe7, be aseif was rher ered «ing rues 'idedQt.of sing roe* into irre!D Off ftQ J * n ,HieHe locked around tbe cabin for it but the package was eight boshds per acre, but most fields will not produce evening further states that *•*. a free negro named JohnHONEST AND ECONOMICAL. MANAGEMENT.—The bal- perched an eagle, with wings spread for flight. Upon has done fox me all tt at it is recommended to do.Wv*m;I5ca% :«t up, >»bid tan alha i» f*ray nought1t ^3 i;tffeMifcr sale oh the 3dof December, andTpre^a^dr^ scarceum&8$m<^CITYdisbursemento nt h eofficialksr.a-out -^BSSSOf* d a pwas a rf Mr.gr, by Dolly |crewd a t a » ached, Bath-oodaa\suek-pacing ey.by a five-TOUT of it." rathern: bat *now rim offay out much breed- tmoedyear ,think rata*. eent •crood, timeM.;r, ; thatgood / ed atjff atof & '. she » iu* hfor->©d a Mr.caif reryrfcicb igh oety, with thatijTree'7 fry , and akeofdays, ! < # - *i>s- of Br on Del*-^bred Fay.r-*>,•eked ieoW lie in di'-ra.'tad pf.i>aortad " art of nota 113 Ofsfcrutp.ibe iup to in atloeed,,v'tuca9 side ts->Q, -Pry >at of oetat 'on at dOssdaVont o the »the eaoi- r- acd i V/ W>tonmarketfortwiceasmuchasthecod. InGreat Britainitiscalledthethetorsk,ortusk,andseemsto frequent only the northern shores of the island. It is caught among the Orkney Islands, and plentifully near Shetland. Still further north it is very abundant, es- pecially on the coast of. Iceland, Norway, and the Fa- roeIslands.Asitsstomachisusuallyfoundempty, there is a notion among the European fishermen that it lives on the juice of sea-weeds. We- had the cusk cooked for dinner, and found its flesh firm to toughness, but savory enough. When salted, the Pilot said some people pieferred it to cod, ss tbefleeh swells much in boiling, and divides into thick flakes.<annotbearrivedat,buttheyarecurrent,andmany believethem. " ^Now, Mr. TRIBUNE, can you suggest any method by wcich w e may retain our lands, and at the earns time have any mean3 left to live on for the year to come; or must we. secure our lands, and then leave the ciaury ?' . '•. • J . M. A. a. •' , ', e, "••"••-'••THZ FAMINE IN.KANSAS.—We arc permitted to make the following extract from a private letter, re- oeived yesterday, written at Osawatomie, K. T., Sept 30. It is from a merchant inthatplace tohis brother m this dty, and confirms the worst accounts we have had from that region:"Things look very hard here. There are many farmerswhohavenotraisedfivebushelsofgrainofciety of men of talent. After dinner, the host brought company than the one occupied by the Harlem road. Council faDed to have a quorum last evening, aad «4-;forthasplendidlyboundAlbum,andrequestedthear- Itisnotonlyarichfarmingregion,occupiedbyamost #v tifcttocrayonsomethingononeofthepages. Instead intelligent,thri%population,butitisoneofthemost journedtoMondayevening.'•Westchester, Putnam, Dutchess, and Cclumbiacounties,usinournecessities. R-portsofvariouskindsareiuctrr —Not loog ago,a ypungandrising French artist throughwhi$hthecarsrun. Therearebutfewroutes clerks. —• — i«*THEMISSINGSTEAMERJAMESL.STEPHEK*.—It m supposed that the missing steamer, James L . Stephana, f+y. which sailed from San Francisco for Panama on the 11th of September, to connect with tbeNorthern Light, butfailedtodoso,has been disabled only, ani waa obliged te work^her way slowly into port, with bo* one engine—nevertheless there i s much anxiety about hereafety. The arrival of the North Star (the n « * steamerfromAepinwall)is,therefore,lookedforwith. unusualinterest.JRSOJT PORTLAND •I.TO MOUNTDESERT.of the sculpin family, or of some species akin to it, which the Professor thought was a bullhead.^^ It was about tix inches in length, and was of a light-brown color,,withhalfadowndarkbandspassingaroundit.mu*t proTe*up beforewftpnJpMPRaf their claihs." 3$ «* There probably are not one-fourth of the settlers on these lands that] a-e. able to 'preSinpT their claims fendbeabletopurchaseprovisionsfortheyearto come. There is hotenoughprovisionsinthecountry io keep eiiher the.jbeople or. the stock" until Christmas,proved to be tho Fox Island,to the shore and presently disappeared from our v i e w within a narrow opening in the rocky coast, which*we.nowdiiclypeTceiTed.Itwaaaharbornotdownon thechartsandunknownto our seamen huttheysaid that ae the schooner had got in, -we could of couise fol-!ow,anditwasnotaxrvi**bletokeeptheee*insuch astorm,withourunsoundmast. ThePilot,whoby this time had got his great iron furnace ahlaxe with oca]*, ready forgetting breakfast, now steered for the entrance of the harbor, which was very narrow, with a hege black rock rising right in the middle.Thisnarrowchannelwaa sostrikiogly picturesque, that I went below to wake the Artiatand the Assyrian, lescvmgthe Skipper and the Professor standing at the bows vigilantly scanning the water as we approached, and looking out aharpry for reeft and rocks, of which they oorawkmaBy gave notice to the Pilot.' I had suc- ceeded byt*counderable shaking and punching, in re- storing .the sleepers to a glimmering of consciousness,1 when a tremendous uproar on deck called me to thecompanion-way to see what the matter was.• terrible and yet laughable sight met my eyes. As the sloop was surging on into the entrance of the harbor, tbe Skipper discovered a sunken reef rightahead of the vessel. He shouted to the Pilot to pot his helm hard up, and the Professor ran aft to assist in shifting tbe boom. Before he could reach the stern a squall struck the sloop, and the boom, as it swung over, hit the Professor, who, to save himself, dung to tbe spar, and wascarried half overthe side of the vessel, while at the same time the boom knocked off the Pilot's hat. To this particular article of apparel the old man had a special attachment, generated probably by the long series of years during which it had crowned Ins venerable head. He therefore with one hand made a desperate grab at the beaver, which he caught ere it reached the water, white with the other he pushed out the boom, to winch the Professor was still hanging with his heels clinging to the rail of the vessel. The pilot at the same time gave a prodigious kick at the- tiller to putit hard up, but missed it, and hit his furnace, which •toppled incontinently over. The glowing coals fell,•":,.;;.••vV» . TheProfessorandthetwojeamen,whohadallhadtheir natural shoroof sbep,wl l f l 6 •**• *•*•«*••* w «r *wandering dismally hi the midnight ©old and darkness x& Owl's Head, rose at 4 in the morning and got the aloop under way wmle we yet slept. The wind at atartingww moderate, bnt in the course of an hour it hadrkentoagale,accompaniedbysquallaof rainand mist, which made the air so thick that the land was totally bidden from sight, and the pilot oould not tell -where to *teer. The pitching of the reeael in the ite^Tyseearousedmeahuleafter5,andleavingthe ArtistsndtheAssyrian asleep intheirbertha,Iwent on deck. The only object in eight, beside the white -waves mad the driving clonds that enveloped us, was aeohooner ahead, pursuing the same course with our- selves- We were at the entrance to Penobscot Bay, sixorsevenanisefromthemainland,andtheseamen thought cot far from the wast side of the North FoxI/land.W e followed the schooner for a mile or two, and at length caught sight of land at no grtat distance, which>.»»;dieuntilbistimecomes. It'snotmytim*yet"c deporit,itbeingmerelyavoucher,guitfag^ TM"*^ 'ZThe schooner kept close••••isome into a basket of shavings and kindlings under the out and haul in our lines. After catching upward of a bench,whichrunsaroundthecockpit,andthesehighly hundredwedesistedaewereallydidnotknowwhat—APariscorrespondentsays thatayoungParisian, further complications. The treasury of the Constitu- who had been imprisoned in Clichyfor debt, gainedcombustible materials immediately biased up with great energy; other coals set fire to the dry space be- neath the bench to which the rain never penetrated; others, yet. falling upon the wet deck, caused a great gushing up of steam and smoke.to do with the fish, and did not care to capture them merely to throw back into the sea.A thunderstorm confined u> to the sloop for the resttional Governmentisentirelyexhausted,and.touse the Worce of a letter, "the payment of the Epglish "convention debt has been suspended." By this we uhderstar d that that portion oi the revenues of the Port of Vera Cruz which was set apart for the fdfill- ment of thie national obligation has been diverted, in tbe impoverishment of the Government, to other pur-poses.The Vera Cruz Progreso of the 18th thus formallyThe matter therein referred to, is the subject of a law «Bft, which, in due time, will be tried, and the rights of the partie* judiciously and, I doubt nof., justly determined. No injury hast as yet been done to Mr. J. A- CnBLoHly, nor is any likely to b * ties, and resting the ends of the rafla loosely in them, done, unless through the inatrumentallty of the law and a faitto which we were so dose that it seemed right over our heads, were well calculated to give a alight shock to our nerves. So sudden and unexpected a combina-suffused and glorified with a rich rosy hue. For nearly half an hour this superb circlet remained motionless onalready belongs to history."The decision is said to be in full harmony with the Spanisb.law, which,'indeed, was so ctear on the'sub-ibaldi in consequence of his*having been associatedwith the Roman Revolutionists in 1849, and from aslight "acquaintance contracted while he redded in thiscountry. Forbfs,it.iseaid,isnowroamingoverSic-ent of that road, who first call«d our attention to the pleasant change i n the motion of the cars, and explained thecause;atthesametimedeclaringthatheconsid-really exciting, though we could not help laughing at the droll attitudes into which the wayward boom had knocked our friends.of the prcceedhvgd were taken by the Spaniehrepresen tativee at Vera Cruz, and transmitted to Havana by the Velasco, whence they will be sen* to-Madrid.In the mean time it is stated that the Spanish Minis- ter has received the most urgent advice from the au- thorities at Havana to treat ihe Constitutional Govern- ment with the greatest respect.Oftheprogresscfthecivilwarwehavebutlittle b e s i d e t b e o f t r e p e a t e d s t a t e m e n t t h a t t h e l i b e r a l a r m y WSBmarchingonthecapital. Theircombinedforce is put down at 18,000 men and 50 pieces of artillery; that of Miramon in the capital at 7,000 man at the utmost. ,what w e at first glance supposed to be a conger-eel while Woll and Marquez have each their respective j on aftwlJnw, infoimingyou cf my situation, witn the hope Wednesday, encountered Lizzi* in tfcs street] and immedUtel-f But on looking closely it proved to be a fish of the commards, amounting in all probably toabout tbe aame. of this proving effective in eliciting from the honorable body charge, together with a few invited gueete, assembled took her into custody, and returned her to this city OttWedTj over which you preside a speedy decision of my ca«e. I will re- in the meeting room of Company A, at Tompkins Mar- nef day morning. She was locked up at Headquarters for thehake. In a few minutes I hauled upa lobster, in whose There being several buckets at hand, and our vessel tail my hook had somehow got fast. It was in fineLETTER FROM SANCHEZ TO JUDGE DENio.-=-Felix savirg it will produce. Other roads should look to it. Sanchez,atpresentconfinedinthe.Tombsonthechargeso low in the water that we could fill them by merelyleaningovertheside,thefirewaseasilygotunder, beenforsomedayswithoutlobster,theunluckyorusa n d t h e s l o c p h a v i n g g l i d e d p a s t t h e r e e f w h o s e p r e s - enceinthewayhadcausedthe commotion,andwhich she cleared .with a slight touch without damage, we sailedintotheharbor,andpresentlywereinstill water.This harbor, as we learned afterward, is called Pul- pit Harbor, from the great,' high, isolated rock at the entrance, which the church-going K^w-Englanders have likened to a pulpit, as in the case of so many other "polpit rocks" on their coast. It is one of the finest havens I ever saw, if not the very finest. Except the.taceanwentwithoutdelayintothePilot'spot.We were catching whiting pretty freely when, just as it was growing dark, an exclamation of surprise fromtheAssyriancalleduistohisside. Hehadcaughto f m u r d e r i n g h i s f a t h e r - i n - l a w , h a s s e n t t h e f o l l o w i n g lettertoJudgeDeniooftheCourtofAppeals:P R E S E N T A T I O NB YT H E S E V E N T H R E G I M E N T N A -narrow entrance it was land-locked, and as calm and oeity the Professor brought out a keg of alcohol oversheltered as an inland pond. Its diameterseemed to be which he held it, and cutting the fish-line let it dropabouthalfamile,anditwassurroundedbylowhills intothepreserving fluid. Itsbody,wasshapedlikehas jufct made its appearance, on the Pocasset Bank, Fall River. ficers. Soon after Col. Duryea made his appearance Rhode Islard, viz., Indian crossing river on a raft. Figure 2 la st circle of lathe work on the upper right corner) two silver doHam Sanchez declares that all he desires is another and- ardwas warmly greeted by the members of bis old on lower iirht corner; figure 2. with the werd"Twx)', manias; command. Thepresentationwasmade,byCapt.Wm. acrossontheuppercornerofthenote;claspedhandslathe denofFreehold,N.J.,hasmadeanimprovement fairertrid,inwhichallhiswitnessesmayhaveanop- P.BenselofCompanyA,whoreadanaddressto centerofthelowerpartofthenote. Thiscounterfeitisanimi- tation of tbe genuine note, and is remarkably well execrated. Ptrsons not perfectly familiar with bank-note engraving had bet-slopinggentlytothewater'sedge.Thesummitsofthe hills Were covered with woods, but on their deared and grassy slopes cattle and sheep were pasturing. Athat of an eel, but its head was square and blunt, with an almost* human face. It had a steady, stony ex- pression in its deep-tet eyes. Its length was thirtyupon the potato-digger, which has been soma years in use. The first plan was a double mold-board plow, -with'the upper edge of each mold-board made withportunity of being heard; adding, that if the jury then think that he ought to be hung, he will cheerfully sub- mit, as he desires and wodd accept no Eexou-.i ve clem-which was appended the -signatures of nearly all theofficers of the regiment, the whole being beautifully en-ter refuse all $2 notes on the above bank.FATAL ACCIDENT.—Coroner O'Keefe veerterday heldon the rocks, and gathered a great quantity of•9:10. The mail train will leave Albany at 9:15 a. m., and arrive at 3:20 p. m.IThere isalsotobeanexpress trainfromAlbanyon Sundays, leaving at 5 a. m., and arriving at 10,-stop- ping at the same stations stopped at by the week-day express. This, w e think, should be made an accom-modation train for all stations, stopping onsignal. Thereisnoreasontedoubtbutthessimprovedfa- cilities will very much add to the convenience and com- fort of the traveling part of the community, and there is no doubt that they will add a very handsome per- centageto the cash receipts of the road, as all judiciousimprovements upon railroads always do.Speakirg of improvements, there has been one latelymade upon the Erie road that is worthy of the atten- tion of all railway managers: it cannot fail to be no- ticed by all travelers. Thoee lately over the Erie road must have noticed every now and then along that.line; forshortspaces,thatthecarsseem to runupon rails entirely smooth, making no jar whatever in passing offhis release by the following ruse. B y the laws of the of one rail onto another. The improvement consists country, the creditors of the unfortunate debtor are in anew arrangement of the chairs, invented by one obliged to pay 30 francs a month for his support while of the employees on the Erie road, and just beginningMrs, James Joumeay... \*m KJ. G&m*•••••**••••••• •• VytW*tX•••• ••*•••••«••«•••• 2100 H. C. de Rham, per F. S.159 100100 00MOO 6 IS100"Thne meny-eolored, Variegsted form*—Broideries ttrasge,"Wrought by the >e«-xampha from their golden hair, And WOT*by moonlight.From narrow- oell* acooped in tbe rook*, we take Thee* fairy textarea, litbthr moored at morn.Down runny alopes, ou:str«tching to the deep, Wejroam at noon, and pi her aha$*M like taeae^ Nctenow tb* palntrd weba from rerdnroa* isles, Fettooned enof spangled in sea-cave*, and say Whathnesoflandcanrivaltintsliketheie, .Torn from the soa>fs and gonfalons of king* Who dwell beneath the waters "FirstPres.Church, Nor walkjOHoChas. D. Cleveland, PbiL MrB.B. M. Hunter, Jack-son, Miss.............. Mrs. S. S WReformed Dutch Church,IlosendaleReformed Dotch Chnroh,Bloorcingdale, tV.Y... Rondoot,H. B Cross, OxPd, N. H Reader of Independent.. Friend, N. Y. City. Evan. Lutheran Pastor-of us ventured to touch it. or take it from the hook We inspected and measured it while the Assyrian bold it at arm's length, and after w e h"ad satisfied our curiyea, in Thirty-eighth street, near Broadway. Among fident of succes?. and one of the passeDgers by the Poto- and kng for a decision of my case, and to know the final result. the company were Col.> Lefferts, Lieut.-CoL Crawfew fishermen's houses were in sight, and beside' the inches, and its circumference eight inches. But its prongs, which were to sift the potatoes from the dirt. ency.grossed upon parchment. After expressing regret for an inquest at No. 96 Ludlow street, on the body of Charles S .the Colonel's resignation, and referring to his distin-schooner we had followed in, there were half a dozenBjaall fishing vessels at anchor in front of the hamlet. ghastly white, except at the tail where it shaded into aMiller, ag«-d eleven years, who was run over in the Bowery, near Spring street, on the 8th inst, by one of the railroad oars. One or the witnesses testified that it was a Third-avenue oar, going down, which ran over the lad, while another witness was equallyWe anchored in the middle of the harbor, just oppo rosy hue. site the entrance, through which we had a view of thehad done . so much toward securing for the regiment;, accidental death was rendered. The Jury, however being anx- Sept 24, about sundown or .shortly after. JoelDra- they conclude by saying that they deliver to him these was responsible for the accident, ceasured the driver of Ifat un-turbulent sea without. The storm, however, was abating, the rain had ceased, and by the time we hadicthyology. and none of us had ever seen anything of The improvement of Mr. Bowden consists, of a secondknown car for driving too fast.[Advertisement ] ASTHMA.!JTONAS \VHiTCOMBtf RBXEDT—Prepared from a German re-+**•.dpt obtained by the late Jonas Wbitcomb, in Europe. TESTIMONY Or X PKNySTL V AKIA SOJRCKANT.LITBRXOKS,Pa,Sept.5,1860T,iJ! HI ...• i,../Win.'•i.^.u:,^Jmm»::NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY,A fish resembling a hake, of which we caught sev-eral, the largest thirty inches in length, ani five poundsin weight, the Pilot called a cusk. The liver, he said,was fell of oil, of a kind good for barns. Its oolcrthroughout was that of dark date. Its head was- PomMcy have been through: lure, and prouus>-d to aidfdlow-manl fmll",..,•:—•; ',:•*A.'-.[Nashvillepaper. . / toward a^ording facilities to the greatly increased pas- senger travel over that very important thoroughfare-— that is, important to this city and the rich valleys ofcovetedwithroughscales. Themouthwaslarge,andthe jaws filled with sharp teeth. The back fin and thetail fin were edged with blue and white. This fish ifnot common on our coast, and in Winter sells in Bos one of them. The truth of these reports, of course,The Skipper andthe Assyriannothavingreturnedwhendinnerwasnearlyready,wesoundedthehorntorecall,them. Theyobeyedthesummons,andduring anykindthisseason,andtherearemanyfamilieswhoidinner the Assyrian descanted on the beauties of NorthFoxIsland,winchhedeclaredtobethefinestislandhehadyetseen.Awindingstraitaboutamilebroad,sep-arates it from the South Fox Island. This strait iscalkd the Thoronghfaie, and coasters and fishing ves-sels often pass through it. The inland was well-stockedwith sheep, and the fleeces were peculiarly brilliant inhueficJiLtheeffectofw-aair. TheAssyrianhadpar Winter. ButwhataretheytodointheSpring? NoThe Pony Express dispatches state that the Stephen* . manof.genius,butanapostle. Hewalksinhis room,"areatleastequal,ifnotsuperior,toanywe bad232passengers,andaboutamillioningold—ofleyed with sundry of the people, who lived, he said, in very good houses, and he had learned that the inland formed the town of North Haven, that it contained 800 inhabitants, four small villages, as many stores, one church, and eleven school-houses; and, lastly, that its staple product was hay. The only natural curiosity was a huge rocking bowlder, on the top of a hfll ad- joins g Pulpit harbor.After dinner, the Artist and I went wfth the Profes- sor in the dory to dredge n/ar the mouth of the harbor. Before we began, the beauty of the sea-weeds on a ledge near by us attracted ouratientidn, and we landedgrain to sow, and no money to buy with 1" A shower of rain commenced about 6 o'dock laat evening, and it has continued to rain at intervals eversince. More rain has fallen within Tthe last twentyThere will be two Albany expreas trains, one leav'ng the station at Twenty-sixth street at 7 in the morning,• Cyras Adams. T£. Sloseom,J. A. Ncwall, TJ. Rpwelwls, B. Sbaitnck, M. Anfvolo,J. Kaofimsn. A. S. McNish, J F. Tnunbo, J. Walls, G.'M. Baxter,A. Bondy.C. T. Witkias, Jacob Baker,C. Mangels,A W.Frje, N.Dapolo, BLFltlen,H. Harrington, L. Prayer, «M- H. Snyder. L. L Terwelger,The result of our dredging was a few fine specimens of sea-cucumbers, the largest w e had yet seen.About the middle of the afternoon a great school ofmackerelcameintotheharbor,andweallgotintothedory, except the seamen, and anchored alongside ofPulpit Bock, t o intercept them as they came out. O a rbait, which w e threw out b y handfulls, soon attracted-them, and a lively scece ensubd. For about half an last .decided upon some more decisive and energetic1 W 4 00 12 tSIS 00 5 0OTotalPreviously acknowledged........... • 17,037 85T otal......... •» . . . . . . . . . . . . a i 7 , a S 8 5WM. A. iJbOTH, Treasurer, No. 95 Front street. gA REAL ESTATE CASE.To the Editor of T\c N. Y. Tribune. SIR:AnarticleinTHETRIBUNEofthisdate,headed"A Real Estate Case," contains'too many errors to allow it Ut pass uncontradicted.hourwepulledinmackerelasfastaswe could throwcourse. ; , Meanwhile,thingswouldseemto betendingtostillbdd.i; here, everything is translated into devotion."of the day.setting s u nmountains w e were favored with a strange and mag-^in confinement; and so long as each payment is regu-larly made, the prisoner may lie in jail. The personreferred to caueed a letter to be sent to each of his con-tributing creditors, giving notice.of his.death. They wheels, andbroom the ends of the rails, the chairs are matters in controversy between us, Mr. O'Reilly haa takwi tfcoplaced between the ties, and fastened in their places by an effectual, though simple arrangement of bolts and keys; so that there can be no possible variation in the level of the two ends of the rails, since both must rise and fall alike. W e lately rode over the Erie road indecided. The quebti n is, therefore, entirely disposed of, and nrand of Mezzaro, to which he hadbeen called by Gar- company with Mr. McCollom, the former Superintend-Before sundown it cleared up, and as the descended directly bahind t h e oppositeand impartial trial.where they soon get loose enough to clatter and jar the Not satisfied, however, with any such ordinary teat of thoThis was precisely the aepect of affairs when I stuckmy heed out of the cabin, followed by the half-asleepArtist and Assyrian. The volumes of flame andsmoke and steam that whirled in our faces, togetherwith the howling of the storm and the frowning lookof the black rock that guards the month of the harbor, aseumed the form of a crown, which was presently ernment, instead of being divided among the cantors, as at firstopportunity afforded by an exparte statement before s Magfa- trate to explode his imaginary griefs to tbe public, in the shaft* of a sensational Police report, which haa misrepteaented the fact*, and the position I occupy iu a controversy with hitn.nificent spectacle.come perfectly dear of .clouds, except a dense mass that rested on the mountain peaks. . A s the sun went down these douds gathered around the summit of Magna*icook, the loftiest peak of the mountains, andAfter the storm, the sky had be-announces the confiscation of the Spanish bark M*ria Coccepcicn: >at once ceased paying his board, and the prison doors flew open.tionofthedangersofshipwreckandoffireatseawas thebrowofthemountain,tillitgraduallymelted jectthatnootherjudgmentcouldberendered. Copiesily, conspicuous in his denunciation of GsribaldJUaudVictor Emanuel. He wants a Neapolitan Republic, ered it one of. the most valuable little improvementsaway as the shades of evening advanced.Before the twilight vaniehed w e began to fish, as theProfessor thought w e might find the place abundant Isconditkn, and weighed twelve pounds.. A s w e hadmost remarkable peculiarity was its color, which waa a A good many tubers, however, still remdned underguished services, his untiring devotion to the arduousthe sort before. The Pilot who'had filled in our ehare, jost like the first, eet a little in the rear, so as / per, who witnessed it, has furnished the following ac- finished breakfast the arm broke from the clouds. No- waters for more than half a century, declared that he to pick up and throw out all that the first share misses. count of the appearance-presented:where, I am sure, did he smile on a lovelier or more had never seen or heard of such a creature in all hie It lcoks aa though it would work wdl- It ij at least As I came on to the ferry-boat on Monday, aboutthe exquisite freshness of the green hiQ-eides, and the. groves that bemded the landward view were a taste- showed it to a great number of fishermen, none offul and natural frame to the picture. Seaward, we whom, however, had ever seen any fish like it. Oa turninginthatnightweleftoutbaitedlines hangingtbeferryman, dirocted my attention to a bright spot inthe horiion" nevr the point where the sun had. bean,when one hour high. While gazing with amazement made and toasts drank.atthat, whichinsize,color,bri«htnesi,andehapere- TheserviceofsilverwasmanufacturedbyMessrs.large fish-hawks, whose huge' faggot-like nests we could see through the telescope on the branches of aarrested and lodged in jail; and t-ow often is this theExpress, and I will forward money on receipt of goods.Afewfactsinregardtoourcondition here maybeTins took place aftersunset,but,bymeansoftheple, exempt that several negroes implicated have been or fifteen minutes before sunset. Tnere were no in graceful style. From the center of this pile recommendation. Send one half dozen bottles by Adams & Ce.'U\a ftio negro had shared'the same fate, and tbe people were fearfully excited. That the whole affair is a gross exaggerationwehavenodoubt,,becausethereisnoth-As they moved, they all retdned the same relation to each ovhtr as when they first appeared.which are the arms ofa cuirassier, with flags on each,atdtheforcingoftheland BdeBatthistimeis''the " last feather that broke the camel's back." W e have got op petitions, and Meesrs. A m y , Hyatt, and Gen-1PERSONAL.to be exchanged for a CHiamherlain*s check, ai <•• bank officers have no authority to recognize fit* "jfj** • teres of parties other than t h e Chaml>ewkitt and H *~. ^cdaticn, some of jwhidt indicate 'hat Government offi- cers, and that too of the highest officers, are Bpeculatiug In these lands—even J. B. himself is reported as beingwas invited to dine with a rich banker, who affected literary and artiste tastes, and was proud of the sotraversed by rails in any part of the United States,have not more than grain enough to last them a few weekB, Alargenum'ber.havelefttheTerritory,and manyarestillgoing. Thousandsofheadofcattleand hogs are bouglt up by!drovers. W e have boughtsome 150 headfor the Eastern market, paying $1 50 to $2 per hundred, chiefly in go'eds. Those farmers who have stock to sell will be hdped thus to get through thesenger cars are made with the new patent attachment She had likewiee on board about $16,000 worth of sil- "heretofore noticed, for keeping down the dust and ver ore from tbe Washoe mines. W e annex a, fist offour hours than for nine mouths previous.".and whenever he sees it he cries, ' Ci vado io /'—thith- er I go. A singular trait of his character is its perfect simplidty. Heistheonlygreat manof myacqudat- ance who does not attitudinize. A little grandiloquent in his speeches—like all true believers—he is so in good faith, and not for the sake of grandiloquence. But in his privateintercourse he is the most cordially familiar man in the word. H e receives all importunatea withis to arrive at East Albany five minutes before noon, and the evening train at 10 o'clock p. m. Th9se trai :• will inn sxpieBS to White Plains, and stop above there at .Bedford, Croton Falls,. Pawlinga, Millerton, and Chatham Four Corners. W a y passengers are to bo accommodated by a mail train which leaves the city at 10 a. m., and arrives at Albany at 4 p. m.FROMFrom The Neto-Orlcant Picayune, Oct T.A new diffiedty has sprung up between the Miramon Government and the British representative at the cap- ital. .The Vera Cmz Progresool f Sept. 18 thus states it, apparently on official informa aon:" A letter from the capital, from a perfectly trustworthy source, says that the English representative (Mr. Matthews) has passed a communication to Miramon to the effect that his Government cannot continue to' recognise the reaction, on.ac- count of its illegal exactions »nd the excesses its officials havo committed against English citizens, gWinghim, at the oamn time, to understand that thle English Government will consider the emp'o^mt-nt of the monster Marquez as an insult,"Dr. Alas, United State* Consul, And 160 In the steerage.BELIEF FOR SYRIAN SUFFERERS.—The Committee) for the relief of the destitute and suffering in Syria, aokaewfedf* the receipt of the following sums:aap'ormtnt ol tbe monster MaFrom this it would appear tha; the Eoglish Govern-mostcommonbecauseitisthemoststriking. AtMes-sina, I believe, one of the former companions of Gari-baldi came and threw himself upon his'knees before:him, asking, -he said, an immense favor. It requiredgreat effort to make the man explain himself. A t last, when he had exhausted his excuses, he said to the Dic- tator, ' I wpdd like one of yoor buttons; I wodd wear it suspended from my neck as an amdet, and be sureWinstonMiss Juli« de Rham. perT. S. Wmstou-U. P. Church. W. Delhi. M. E. Church, BrandonandSadbury (addlti'al) A.'Youn* Christianment contemplated an entire suspension of diplomatic relatiocB wr.n the-Miramon Government, if it has not done eo already: The General Marquez dluded to, it will be remen-oered, was the principal author of the butcheriesatTacubaya,andtherobberoftheEnglish cocducta at Gu'ddajara.A private letter'from Vera Cruz, written the day be-fore the above news came to-hand, says, al?o, that theN800 Trlni^Chnrch. Newark 97 2$MEXICO.British representative, Mr. Matthews, bad again pro--powd the mediation of his Government for the res- I shall live forever.' Garibaldi tore off one of his but-ate, Bernvflle, Pa Holland Reformed Dutchtoration of peace, but that his proposition had been reje^ed. •It is impossible, therefore, that, despairing of ever receiving justice or seeing peace restored in thistonsandgaveittotheman. Ashe has add himself, he is the child of the people, and he is adored by them.' To the lazzaroni he is a saint. God has sent him to save the country; many call him Jesus Christ, and hisC- A. of Rochester...... An Iowa Pastor.2 00 West Newton, Mass.... 500distracted country, the British Government has at officers apostles. Alma are asked in the name of Gari-" W e tmdera'and that the Sopreme Court, on the last appeal,has confirmed tbe decisions of the District and Circuit Courts,which declared the Maria Concepcion to be a lawful prize, modi-fying these decisions only in reference to the disposition of the The Post that the notorious Hugh ForbeSj John Yt-ittl and cargo, which will he confiscated to the Supreme Gov- Biown's drill colonel, has been dismissed from his com-Tbe effect 1Ltended by the Police complaint, was frustrated b y a decision of Judge Ingraham in my flavor, with costs agtinat him, dissrlving an injunction In the suit heretofore commenced. That decbdon stimulated the recent attack through the news- paper* against me.. The matter in dispute could hsve been settled, if certain fair and bona fide disbursements incurred by me had been aUowetit to me by Mr. O'F tt'ly.A refusal to be intimidated or. overawed by Mr. O'ReQly, a dispositiontoclaimonlywh«tIhaddisbursedthroughbisragtl- gtnee, to .the amount of $200, has exposed me to the attacks off hi* v slice and slanders.I despiite the former, and shall triumphantly refute the latter, and. simply refer to this novel effort to gain an unfair advantage in a lawvult, as an attempt to intimidate as honest suitor, and. a wanton disregard of truth and fair dealing. * • 'New York, Oct. 10, I860, t I.EWIS JOHNSOZt FEMALE PICKPOCKET.—In July last, Lizzie Smhfcanexpertpickpocket,wasarrestedandheldtobailin a1,009te> a n s w e r a c h a r g e o f p i c k i n g t h e p D o o c c k k e e t t o o f f M M r r s s . . J J o o h h n n WV W a U l t / » e ' a » . — w - i f e of an ex-policeman. She was 1fort'inate in finding bad, and in re*R 12, 1660. (.old that no ODS but an fcahmaa could have thus es-ch«ck_<&£* Board, dees not authorize presentation ^ " > * * * * * *Hi&CEJf BATLKbAn^-GRXATWlothoughtthatlneighteenhoursfromthattimehe managementof^HarlenJBaifroadhasneverbeen berlainindrawinghisofficialcheck;todUdM*XJ»t $T•Hjfd, he replied; "Napoleon's doctrine was, no maaof the anticipated off-hand] sketch, the painter wrote a few lines in the book, and handed it totha banker, who read as follows: "Monsieur: Be so good as to lend me a hundred thousand francs, and forget m y ex- istence."Uponwhichthefinancierimmediatelysaid, with a smile: \' My dear Sir, you are so amiable a gen- tleman that I cannot poesibly forget you, and you have too much talent to five in idleness."—We find in a Naples correspondence of a continen- tal journal the following sketch of Garibaldi: " I have heard him speak, I have been near him; h e i s wonder- ful He has a lion's nature. His voice is resolute and decided,hishandlargeandbodythickset.Inhismo- mentsofangtrhemustbeformidable. Inrepose,his eye is placid and his amils pleasant. He is not abeautiful b y nature, healthiest, and pleasantest portions of the country within easy reach > of life w-York City. It is destined to increase rapidly in permanent residents, and become more and more a s It becomes better known, alineoftravelforpleasure-seekers,andforthelarge class who go out every Summer for a few weeks' relaxation from business cares. I t i s for these reasons that the late expenditures made by the Harlem Com- pany will produce valuable results—if not immediately, certainly in the end.On Monday, Oct. 15, the Company will start several extra passenger trams, which it intends to make per- manent,andithasprovidedanumberofnewcarsgot upintheverybeststyleforthecomfortofpascengers. The new baggage and mail cars, with a "smoking»FLAGS.—Republican flags o f a l l sizes a s d design*may be obtained, in any quantity, of Salisbury ofc Csv, Vesey street.faith,withoutweaknessandwithoutfear;heperformsmiracles. In the tempest, he is the man to step fromhis boat and walk upon the waters. He believes inhis mission, as others believe i n their star; and lie goesstrait forward, sure of his destiny,J^te d l conquerors.Theotherevening,duringthefightatCarmina,whenthe soldiers fired upon the people with guns and canson, hewasunmoved. Heofferedcigarstothenation-al guards thatsurrounded him, and 6aid, * Let us smoke and the other at 5 in the evening. The morning train while w e are waiting for them.' But h e feels danger,a martyr's patience; h e does not keep them a t tance, nor speak to them like an oracls. H e isa dis-simpleBrooklyn,.$10 00 :and good.One trait among a thousand: I take the5 0010 00 1005 678 17100A Chamberlain, New- .3 00 Britain1 00 Red Clay Creek Church, 500 . LoveviHeJOeL (add*l). Providence Pres. Church Montgomery Co., Pa.. TheRev.ILC Galbraith,—A gentleman just returned from Sicily' informsexpecting to fish up from the troubled waters o f a new Government another office.which have been invented since railways were inau- gurated. H e said that the expense of making the change was but a mere trifle, compared with the great\ TOMBS, New-York, Oct. 8.. Jvsav. DBNIO—Deax Sir: Having been informed by Mr. Ran- neytbatyon.wetheChiefJudgeoftheCourtofAppeals,be-The' gentlemanly victim of misplaced confidence* notified the* de-" membersoftheSeventhBegimentNationalGuard. tectivesofLizzie'sdisappearance,andtheyhavesincebeenon mensomewherebttweenthecapitalatdGuaddajara, fore-widenmjca«ewasargued,Itakethelibertyofaddressing At7£o'clccktheCommitteehavingthematterin thelookoutforher. DetectiveVanBuren,beinginBoston e*Caetillo,however,issaidtohavesome5,000or6,000sculpin family, and of an entirely n e w and Strang* number, in or near the latter city. With these forces mark that 1 have how bo*m in confinement eighteen months, an engagement was expected before anything would b* without any one to befriend me or to lend me any pecuniary species. It was so queer and savage looking that none attempted ag-inst the capital. The Liberals were con- asrirt&Dce. 1n consequenre of which I have been obliged to Kv« on the miserable prison fare, and am really getting tired of life,present. Lizzie thinks it a hard CMO to be arrested juat{at tide time, when there was a chance to make something out of the Princely demonstrations in various cities.DANGEROUS COUNTERFEIT.—The followiog is a do- ford, .Quartermaster Winchester, and other staff of- J scription of a very dangerous counterfeit two dollar note,, whiohmac-expre;ses the belief that a change of government has already been effected.It has now been about fonr months since my case was argued, tnd 1 pray you to let me know the result of your deliberation, and to keep me in suspense no longer.IXPROVKMENT IN THE POTATO-DlQGER.—John BoW-that digging potatoes by hand is tolerably hard *vork.after juetice had been flone to the viands, speeches^ wereALLEGEDNEGROINSURRECTION.—The Norfolkpa-looked a» through some mighty porta), half in ruins, over the vessel's side, and in the morning found we pers are tryirjg to raise a " big" nefero excitement in sembled one-fourth of the sun takes from its wigs, we Ball, Black, <fc Co., and iB a masterpiece of Messrs. JOSEPH Briorn-TTi: Co.: I take pleasure in statingover the black and jagged rocks of the entrance, and that section of Virginia. These pubHcatious of negro soon discovered another spot further to the right; and a the great beneficial effects produced by Jonas Whitcomb's.Rem-thence across ten miles of oceanto the mainland, where had caught a fish resembling the other in everything irsubordina.ion, insurrection, & c , are becoming gan- little higher, which was about one-third of tne pizs of workmanship. 'It consists of eight pieces—a cen edy for Asthma on my wife. She has been severely afltcjsstexceptthatitwasofaleadcolorinsteadofapale eTBlthroughouttheSouthernSfcitss,andtheywinno thefirst;thenanotherdirectlyabovethe•first,ons- terpiece ofepergne, one,souptureen,twogravy withthismostdistressingdiseaseforoverfouryears—thoattaeks-the picturesque Camden Mountains reared their bold white. summits in full view. These mountains are not farfrom the shore, and form a remarkably beautiful,dcubt continue to increase until the Preeideoiiai cam- third the size of ihe second. All of these we soon dis- tureens, two vegetable dishes, and two meat frequently being so severe that she was compeHed to alt up, roc paign is oyer. The Norfolk Day Book asserts that an covered to be moving toward the south, ortothekft four or five nights in succession. She had almost constant medi- insurrectionary dot, moat .-rilldoous and deeply ldd, of their former poaiuon, with great, rapidity, if they dishes, with stands for lamps. The epergne is of cal attendance, but stfll grew worse. I supposed her incurable. had been discovered in Norfolk and Princess Aune wtre as far off as »he sun. "They soon disappeared circular base, about twenty inches in circumference, I saw a rotice of your valuable medicine in the Pittsburgh Chris-Counties. A white man named Wdlace had been shot; from our view, by the intervening bluffs at the levee. with three small external bases, on the summit of tian Advocate, and procured a few bottles. The effect waa tenly- though short and hoisted range, rising to the bight of fifteen honored feet abov* the surroanding plain. They lie directly opposite the entrance to Pulpit Harbor.THE. WOES OF KANSAS.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.ALLEN Co., Kansas, Oct. 2,1860.wonderful in relieving her from the painful disease. Shssis BOW almost well, and I have not the slightest doubt but that it win effectacompletecureinhercase. Iamengagedinthe mercan-side. Themidr'lebase is thirteeninchesindiameter,To complete the charm o' the landscape, a number of of interest. The Neosho Valley is known as a very ing to confirm the statements giv<rn bythe country peo- brightness of these bodies, it waa as bght as some ten surmounted by all the arms of modern warfare, stacked tile business,' and believe I can sell the Remedy from my ownfine portion of Kansas, and until this year no portion ofclonds or vapors in the sky in that direction. They, protruded a cannon, in. the mouth of which is. groveoftallpines,werewheelinghighintheairwithpidityofsettlementandimprovement.Thisyear, casewhantheauthoritiesactupongroundle-aauapi-couldnothavebeensundogsormocksuns,fortheyabundleofspearswithhalberts. Sixarmsthe Territory could excel it in crops, lands, or ra-their wings wide extended and apparently motionless, donB. However, be this as it may, the entire section remain, as long as they continue, in the same relativeVery truly yours, DAYID MORSOW. CrKKTOEASTHKA.carried to .their nests, uttering, as they went, fierce No instance in this county-can probably be found DaL seven miles from Portsmouth. He and his com- the,heaveDe give us a more complete description of it, three branches Surrounding the center, around w'uch 1 have had tbe spasmodic asthma fifteen years,and never found! screams cf triumph and delight. where half of an ordinary crop has been raised. In panions were encamped out. The patrol approached. and also his views of the cause ? JOEL DRAPER. are wreaths with all the arms and instruments of an any medicine th»t would prevent an attack when it waa oomlagon until I commenced taking "Jonas Whitcomb's Remedy foc . About the middle of the forenoon the Assyrian re- one or two instances a few acres of corn in a fidd of FJyiin came forth with his gun in. hand-^-some say Ifcbra$ka City, Sept. 26, I860., . Asthma" I commenced taking this remedy eighteen mbathslnowhere visible. He examined the lockers and poked two bushels to the acre. We had rain here on the' •Whitehuret, whowas committed to jail this morning, ance sheet of the SiDg Sing Prison shows the followingthe other dhhes are cannon, cartridge-box*s, muskets,swords, caps, and in fact all aorta of military equipSAHA.H Sux,r. . Eddvtown, Yatea County, N. Y., May 15, i860.about the fire-peak. It was not to be found. Proceed- ing to the deck, he hailed the Skipper, who was just going ashore for water and had alreadygot a.few strokes of his oars from the sloop, and asked him what he had done with the schnapps1three last days of September, enough to wet the by Justice Gibson, informed that gentleman that a result: •*,cooper'* shop at Owl's Head. The fates are against me. Ishall drink water.for therestofthecrnise." Andsteppingintothedorytoavoid oxtxgibes,hetold theSkippeThewouldgowjjhbantothenearestspring, and make trial of his new-beverage.Whiletheywereabsent,wegot out our fines and fished. Thewaterwasverydeepandfishabundant. Wenized, when suddenly a report camethat the lauds wereopenforsettlementandpreemption,thusreliev- ingusofallourdoubtsanduncertainties. Butcloeely following was the report that the lands would be sold earlyintheWinter. Thisseemedsohardtothe •ettiers that many thought it could not be possible that thesaleswoddbeforcedon sosoon, eufferiog aswe a*e with the drouth, and not provisions in the country sufficient .to supply cur necessities for three months.Suentmenin theSouth. He hadbeenamemberof ioLegislature. HecametoNashvilleonlastThurs- dayevtdng byinvitationofhiafriendsinthiscityto address them that night on the political tones of this canvass.AfterGov.Johnsonhadspoken,heappeared upon tbejstand and excused himself from speaking after sonobleaneffort. Hepromisedthathewouldreturn and speak next Thursday dght. H e left the d t y onS n T"lProQIictive into a paying piece of property for theState. Wehaveto-daytheprecise figures. They areasfollows: Totalearnings andexpenditures of Auburn Prison for ihe month of September, 1860.OFANAUTIST..—Mr.AlbertVanBeest,the_ ' [AdvertUwoentlOAK ORCHARD ACID-SPRING WATER.-^Hsacurative properties 6t this Watsr are esUblished beyond question. ...*"***,etestimonialsfromphysioiansmaAotheriisaioUMe individuals.HIKAM W.Boerwirx(lateofCorning),SoleAgent,Metropolitan Hotel Buildinis. No. ST« Broadway.e ! i [Adrerttsement.EDWARD H. DIXON, M. D., Editor of Tha Scalpel, and Operadag and Consulting Snrpsoav N>- f» fl**)gy* Offloe oonsqttadoas oa tha more ebsoucC diseaaes of tha peMMground, and that is the first for fifteen months, whioh has fallen to any extent, whether this rain was generalornot,isnotyetknown,as we only have a weekly mail here, ana newB travels vnry slowlyJWe are upon brads known as the New-York Indian...$10,623 58 9,085 71Jonas Whitcomb's Remedy fox Asthma U prepared only by byDruggistsgenerally,at$1per bottle.[Advertisement.]EYE AND EAR INSTITUTION, No. 137 4ttt-ar.." Schnapps,'* repeated theSkipper,slowly backing Lands. The title to the lands hasbeenindoubtfur (Sunday) light." • ; [Bdtimore American. some years. Five or six years ago a survey was com-The Clinton Prison, too, evinces a marked improve-ment. Although there have been fifty more convicts THE IRISH VOLUNTEERS—The 69th Begiment, geon. New patients attended from 9 till 12 a. m., and 6 tfll 7|Yours truly, FELIX SANCHEZ.SINGULAR,CELESTIAL PHENOMENON.—A remarkableBight, to repeat the operation. This detracted some- and interesting phenomenon was observed by a number duties of his position, and the military distinction he positive tbat it was a Fourth-avenue car, going up. A verdict ofthe-dirt, and it was necessary, after picking up all inThere is no fish like this described by any writer on what from tbe -labor-saving vdue of the machine. of people at Nebraska City, N. T., on Monday evening, ious to do.their duty, and not knowing which, railroad oompaajrtributes as pledges of their sincerity and tokens of their esteem. Col. Doryea briefly and feelingly responded. At the conclusion of the ceremony, the company peaceful scene of rural beauty. Nothing could exored experience. Subsequently, daring the cruise we worthy of theattention of farmers, since it is agreed surset, from the east bank of the river, Mr. Beebout, were invited to partake ofa sumptuous collation, andhowever, anunprecedented drouth has-caused a total is patrolled, ardoie while man, named Fiynn,has d- position to the sun. extend from tbe above at the extremity of which Editor* Rural Neva- Yorker: Seeing an inquiry In the Raniwatching a school of mackerel near Pulpit Bock, and failure of the wheat, oats and potatoes, and almost leady been shot. It would seem that Flynnwasa Will not some one of your readers who witnessed are silver holders for glass dishes. Above these are for a core for tbat distressing disease, the Asthma, I write to lei*yw Imembered the schnapps he bad purchased at Eockland. 20 or 30 acres it is thought will produce from fire to <. having.it aimed <at the party approaching. He was inches in diameter. Prom the center of the dish, pro- ago, and'have not had a severe paroxysm since.occasionally descending and seizing fishes which they poor laborer, engaged in ditching on the line of the ca-equally so of corn, buckwheat, and all other crops. tlus remarkable phenomenon ti'l it disappeared from the inquirer know what has almost cured me.cient warfare. This sustains a glass dish eighteen,ihot dead on the spot. The Day Book oi Saturday THE. STATE PRISONS—GRATIFYING RESULTS OF trudes a small pyramid, upon the summit of which is Saltpetre is present relief, but no cure. WTtiteomb'* RemtdySl8n of operations had been maturing ever si ace last pring, ar>d tbat a free negro, named Dick Ryan, had writtentotheNorthandtngaged the.servictsofpar-ries there who were to arrive at Old Point or Norfolk this evening in a vessel, with arms and men, «vho were to vebist in the liberation of onr tdaves t6-morrowEarnings for September... i-xpenses for September..'.__•' 4 EarningsoverExpenses...Ihe Auburn Prison, curing the fiscal year which haajust closed, has earned a surplus of $25,000 over ex- peneeB.N. Y-JoHAajow A. J o s « M. D., Chief Physician end 8or! p. m.headasiflostinthought. Atlasthespoke;"Ire- anathatthosealreadyreceivedwouldbeofnoaccount. politicalquarrelwasthecause. Mr.Davidsonwasa theAuburnPrison,which,togetherwiththereduction marcheddownBroadway,andattractedconsiderable ern. Atthesametimeyoushouldknowyourownpower,whiohwater, and evidently wondering what scraps he had menced and nearly completed, and the Laud-Office atgot into now. " I don't know anything about Fort Scott was opened and ready to receive the "filings SHOT.—-We were paioed to learn yesterday tbat Jas. lees. Thereceipts have been $12,000 more. Here is a Schnappe. There hasn't been any Schnapps on board." of. intention* to preempt'' of the settlers here. B -»fore M. Davidson, BOwell known in this and some of the gam of $20,000 over lsst year.And he came along*ide. The Assyrian signed to him toe surveys were completed, orders from the Depart- adjoining States as the Irish orator, was ahotiaFay-AN EX-MEMBER OF T H E TENNESSEE LEGISLATUREthis year than last year, the expanses have been $8,000i*Irish Volunteers," under command of CoL Corcoran, made their Fall parade on "Wednesday, in conformity with law, and -were duly inspected. At theclose of theto.remain, and for a few moments hung down his ment at Washington came to stop the surveys and no- fttteTille on Saturday dght by a man named James EARNIN.GS OF THE AUBURN PRISON.—We adverted inspection, the regiment, headed by the Lancers, ~£1 fh/eoology. it would frequently enable yon to detect tify settlers that no more *\ filings" would ba received, Carter, and died from the wounds the next day, A yesterday to the gratifying increase in the*earnings of rogues and help you in all your intercooise with yonroustom-of n8eBmember now—I left the package in that infernal Thus, the settlers have been in great anxiety and sus- fine scholar, and a gentleman of the highest literary at- *^P* under the vigilant supervision of Agent attention. In. point of numbers and discipline, there \c SS i °f •*• B*' y Powuta fc W-mixsl eraminatton atpense,fearingthattheirrigh'.swouldnotberecog- tainments. Hewasregardedasoneofthemost-do* andWardenBUrkpatrick,haschangedtheprisonfromhas recently been a great improvement iu the 6.9th. 'mfrom the place mentioned.Saturday morniog for his home at Fayetteville. He caughtcod,haddock,whiting,skate,andalargeGreen- Afewdays,however, settledthematter,fortheproe- wasonthetrainthatwasthrownfromthetrade,and•land sealpm, a hasdsome monster with a dark-brownbark,aadsidesandbellyadornedwithcircularspotsof OfficeatFortScottwerepostedallthroughtbetowas whichwastornliterallyintosplinters. HewasburiedyeBow and white. Wc'eaught also %fmaller spedmea l oa these lands, declaring that thjt lands are (o be »x-ItaWft the reins, bn*a njiricujonsly. as^ened, w i *is--xi Y -r~{Albany fiTWJng Joujnah,(ho Aitjaajui' Bani to tho Park Bank, where U lays without the kntfs er Ugature. Qf&oe keen fit** • *• * **• »• Os4t|otttf«la«a,lamatioa of the President and a notice from the Land was in the front passenger car, and on that aide of itlam's Paymaster, states that the nuhtia commutationfundhasbeenremoved,withtheotherdeposits,from Tlaoara. Rupture,Piles.Vartoocela,andriscah^radioaayeaxa4Untitled DocumentTotal.contractearnings Miscellaneous earnings\ Totalearnings.Total expenses for ordinary aupport.Earningiorerexponditnrs*Total receipts forth* year end'c Sept. 30,1860. 100.345 74 Total ordinary exponas* during aaxn* time..,. 75,191 89TrofiUoyerexpendituresfortheyear.$2515385DEATHwell-known marine painter, died iu this city, at St. Luke'sHospital,onTuesdaynight,at10o'clock.The funeral took place on Thursday morning, at 9 o'clock,...v..;...$15,87948..$1,537 87is950-1000,finerthanEnglishsterling. Itwill beon exhibition for a few days at Ball, Black dt Co.'s, by peimisaionof CoL Duryea................$7,43811 .8,44137••5,449 81.....,..$10,429 67ket, and thence proceeded to the residence of Coh Dar-ITEMS. (subject teChamDsrlnin. A requhwtkw,signed bythe *>TM«"IMPROV»KEWTS.—The <%•<nldreceivehisdeathwoundsfromthe.haudofhisdirected-withmoreenergythanatthepresentmoment mentshouldbepresentedatthe<^berlaia'«<>*«•COMMON' COUNCIL. -In consequence of the Prf»o»v better calculated to afford local business to a railway of Wales's reception, both branches of the CtwWM*haveeverseen. These,aswellasalltheexpresspas- which$929,000wasconsignedtopartiesinNew-York.deadeningthenoise ofthewheels. Itisanadmirable thecabinpassengersbytheStephens:•..ftrineafciawflyV F.X>od». »*improvement which should be attached to all Cars, and shouldbenoticedandcommendedbyallpassengers.Mrs. C.C. DaTL O. C. Fitch, J.L.D^nni*andwife,J Newman,Mr*. S. C NichoVs,W . J. OrjxmtecO. A. Schtdte, ,O. Stereos, f niece. C. OTOM, wife, Sod R. P. Hilland,J. Frank, W.HaTrk, JohnBigler, D. EL Lane, Edward Field.The exprets trains are to leave East Albany at 5:15a. m., arriving at 10:20; and at 4 p. m., arriving at Warren-st. Mis. Church,Chicago. •••••• * l»•« ...••*•• IS 00to be adopted. Instead of spiking the chairs upon theTIONALGUARD.—OnWedBSfdaynightex-Col,Daryea.was presented with a magnificent service of silver by imneoiately fled from ihe city, leaving him to pay the $1,000.meits. The service cost about $5,000, and the silver JOSEPH BrEWK-rr k Co., No. 27 Central-at, Boston, and for sale• » ' • ' -THE MIXITIA FUND.~MT. Picton, the Chamber-..!%(OJ30 00Church, Rochester.... 22 CO Baltimore, Mdteiuforthegentleman'skindnessisreleasingherfromprisonshe „ _er from prm , , [Advertisemeat.] ITo MERCHANTS.—If you had a vcactical kaowi-611bi <m BW^.808Broadway. Chartsandfullvrittendescriptionagiven••ingbaU.andinre-iyC410 00• Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com:•^ SHBBBSl ^^ ^f ^, -, A• :butsaw 