 Address of"^Vmw 6 1B««rd »f _TiaUle hoB»«*"»Co^gjT?y^.^.Bo«d0fkinder boat used in that trade cannot ba built atas low a eoitiotheUnitedStatesasitenn!nourcolonies.AlthourhEBoatow•tares," * ere, In my opinion, unnowsssxy. The set oAlydealswithDMQwhoharevoluntarilysnipped. Supposeft seaman when begets to Liverpool should proclaim him- you eaa, as a general role, build shin ehetper thanyonr obedient servants. BKOi«HAMASPVArx.PresidentoftheCouncil, GKORGE W. IIASTISCS,General Secretary, .temperancehabits. ThatIntoxicatingliquortodrunkto opiniontosupposedtobethattbeelectionofLtocato.the place, sad also In tbe suburbs, to undoubtedly true. would not be ft.caase cf dtounk*, per te, bat will prosabtf), Geo.<S4Auel H Gooan.ttaa. J- raruswortb, John T.f>*>ik>ns, Alex. H K»ce •ftWTlUi ToSi Aapicwall, Ezra» W. J. TOMIJNSON, Chairman of tbo Chamber of Com- merce, Liverpool.'*s &«*. n l K m ^ X e t ^ to giro the a * . *V " * * « * > * £ 'ot the 1 nitM Stataa would at onoe agree to thta act. It is was sold to a house la Liverpool, and registered there. for yon, feotiemen, to consider whether your government It so happened that the owner wanted to repurchase that•oeiatloa, Liverpool.CHARLES L4NGTON, Chairman of the Underwriters'Association, Liverpool.ia the out of town temptations termed barbecues, or trodused resolutions to the county saeettog in i"cues," for short. In nearly all the hotels, Uie Augusta, to that effect prior to the Caariettan asaveatioareetproeal' i of both OOOBtries.A!>DHKS3 Or MB. LIXD-tAY.ft President then '.ntroluoei the Hon.. sMarid Lthinadtshaey,agree Uothers similar to those I have • « * t o , » a ; •** tkmof < u t t o to then both eonntriea would ha m a •« * " ,come now to the bat point to which I wish to •..—-. — TM— wgoing toto that question Isflfi. sic _.•y two such great commercial countries as yours and as that between California and New Yara, be- smgland; and I think tt only needs fairly to be brought cause tbe distance is less." Rsally I am at a aaaar the notice of your government to nave the m u n - loss to see why, if the one Is to be termed a settled upon a very satisfactory footing. la connection " coasting trade," tbe other should not be io also. Then with this question of the liability of shipowners, there isa point which will be seen to be very important when we you call the trade to the West Coast, via Panama, &coast anasldfii what are the causes that lead to such coilisi'ms, Ic g trade! I am at a l<«s to understand how. You landwhich often cause serious loss to owners—namely, tbe in a foreign country. You t -anship your goods, carryingare frequent grounds for believing them warranted by the facts.rule of the road at sea. It is a very remarkable fsct tbat two such mercantile nathmi as EogUnd and the United States should have different rules or the road at sea. Nowander there are so many collisions and so many claims tor damages. Indeed, we have ourselves two s>mo«hat eltfnrent roles to guide our shipmasters. I do not think that our government is really aware of tbe Importance of this matter. We adopted the old maritime law, which jou adopt to a considerable extent, and up to 1354 it was the only rule we bad; but la tbat year we adopted ano- ther regulation, wh'ch may be found iu section 296 of our ''Merchants' Shipping Act." SJ that we oft.u have very •aafiicting decisions in our courts, In regard to woo was tight and who was wrong, when collisions take nlace;and anasequently those decisions must be very ons&titfactery to the parties Interested As we shall be under IU-J DT.S- fifty ef making some alteration in regard to the rule o' tbe road at sen, my idea would be that we should adopt a somewhat similar rule to that which you have adopted la this country. I think that role better than either ofMM rules which govern us.., and I think that, with a veryMight modification, the government of England would bo prepared to adopt tbat rule. But this is a question of de tail with which I will not trouble you; but we see, as I wetteve you will, tbat tbe two nations should have but waa rule of the road fur the guidance of ships when meet-tag at tea, because the want of a uniform rule is one great cause of the collisions tbat so frequently ocsur. ffea next question is with regard to lights at aoa. Wa hare Introduced, within tbe last three years, a new mode ef signal lights at sea. These lights have been found to aaawer exceedingly well, and tbo ships ef nearly all na- tiens have adopted the rules that we have laid down Innatter. America b:<i also adopted them so fir as vessels are concerned, bat not, as yet, In regard tothem over a foreign territory, and really, on the princi-ple of equity, tt seems to mo It would be very difficult foryou to bold j our ground there. If you were to give upyour monopoly of the cosstlng trade, what would theBritish shipowner gain, and what wonld you lose? If myexperience is worth anything, it leads me to think thatyou would lose little or nothing, and that tbe British ship-owner wonld gain mu*b less man he supposes. I am ofopinion that either of Uie questions I bave named is ofmore importance to the British shipowner than thisquestion. I do not believe that you would lose any of tbe only way or righting her may be by cutting away a that trade, because I believe tbat every nation can con-ualfy tbe terrible picture of slaves scourged, ters for tbe purpose of showing tbat a Bell and Djuglas manacled, branded and burned. They figure to them union on tbe electoral ticket is not at all improbable, but,a number of Spanish ladies, Andalusiao beauties, with large, roiling and luscious black eyes, a glance from which rivets tbe heart of a man of tender susceptibilities like a nail driven into tbe lid of hto coffin; old and young men from Florida, as yet our fairest slater to tbe oantt?llat,oa of States; from Alabama, from Georgia, from tbe far North and tbe farther South, from the far West, even onto rail- fornia, bat none, not one, from the East, from New Eng- land. There were also a few Charleston tans return teg•ailing vessels. It seems to me a subject worthy of your; that stirs up animosity between two g<-eat nations, espe- anawlderstioa, whether you ought not to adopt the; cially two great commercial nations sucb ap Rug and andtlcularly. The planters have no fear of the fidelity oftheir slaves, If kept aloof from tbe devilish machinationsof Northern ircendiaries; and even In such a case, tbeyare thoroughly confident that out of every hundred slaveswbo may be tempted, not more than one will provetreacherous. In these Isolated districts tbe planters andtbeir tons bave but little else to do than to ride, shootCOL. joaatwDouglas would have stood better in tbe South if he bad not ottered tbe words be did at Norfolk. THAT VOICJS—That's so, Mr. Jones. There ain't hut one Bell man ic all Bullock county, and he's the sexton of aliarUheli Baptist churchWII-KXPNXSS or rounciASS—BOW THK VP.UH ABS CBXATSPASD TBK PKOPLB HOOOWUikBO.same rules in regard to the display of lights m selling vessels as you do in steam vessels. aad sa we do in both. If we had tbe night lights the same, and the same rulejof the road at sea, 1 think there would be much less danger of collision. These are two different p o i t u , which really come under the head of "responsibility ot shipowners." JTbero is smother point connected with the question of Insurance te which my attention waa called today. In ordinary aaaas of coll aion (not in such cases as those to which I Bare referred) the policy of insurance covers the owner of a Mt!p which runs down another. Thus, if the ship A runs down tbe ship B, his policy of insurance covers tbe •wner of ship A, under what we term the "running- down clause," which la usually Inserted in the polisy. There to no extra charge generally for the insertion of this clause, but in aom<> places an extra premium Is charged—sometimes 9ve shillings per cent, sometimes taa shillings per cent. I learned, however, from a very Intelligent shipowner, with whom I was con versing—and that really la the true way to get information—that although in this State the shipowner is covered by such a carase, in other States It is not so, and tbat the federalAmerica, must to a certain extent limit the trade betwdeo these countrjra more than it would be limited if this cause of grievat>of aad ftonoyuK-e were removed. I would liko to have you give this subject a candid and Im- partial consideration; and if you deem it advisable, present your views to tbe government. I am not authorized to say it, because I do not come here vested with any authority—though I may take the oppor tunlty of saying that in the House of Commons, the last four or five years, 1 have had the good for- tune to carry most of those maritime questions which I have brought before them; and therefore if America was likely to concede the coasting trade, I think I should have the House of Commons with me In meeting you to regard to certain matters to which I will now refer. I have been speaking of what is due from America to England; let ma point out some things that are due from England to Amer- ica. Yon charge us nothing for the lights upon your shores. You act a noble part. You say that It Is the duty of a great civilized nation to light her shores, to warn those strangers she Invites to trade with her from tbe points of danger. That is worthy or a great nation. But while yon are acting upon that noble principle, we Icargo owned and Insured in several, and tbe port of deati and superinu-ad their plantations. The boys in these dis- Are yon aware tbat the Waahicgtaa politicians and hire-government does not acknowledge it. It seems to me de am sorry to say, do not follow you. We lay dues ipoc •treble that you should bare here rules applicable to In- your ships, and also upon oar own, for maintaining the •KnavesomewhatsimilartothosewhichwehireInGreat lights upen our shores. These dues amounttoalargeYour sorrespondent has examined carefully inn thissubject, and has arrived at the conclusion above expressed. There is no disguising the fact, or hoodwink- ville. There is considerable indignation among all classes ing the matter. Tbe bate entertained by thousands of of people—Breckinridge, Douglas and Bell men—at the•a"tain. The next point which I would touch u[xm is ia re- gard to the commission of crime upon shin board.- Take TM"*'?*toaee of an American vessel patting Into *if2*^^¥L v verFheinouacrimemavbecomsum annually upon American ships. We also charge your vessels with pilotage tn waters where pilots are not needed. We also charge you with focal dues, for harbors from which you can derive no benefit. We levy upon you for "passing w i s , " for maintaining sucb harbors as Bndlington, Dover, (Ramsgate and Whitby, which your vessels cannot enter. All these charges amount to a very huge tax annually upon American ships. Now, suppose England were prepared to give up this charge of light dues upon your ships, and the compulsory pilotage, so tbat your ships might not be re-and chronic. They consider tbem their deadly foes, con-spirators wbo would Incite servile Insurrection, and applaud the bloodiest deeds of the insurgents. Tbey regardLincoln as the representative roan of that class, andrather than be ruled by him, tbey would make forcibleresistsnee to bis inauguration. Fifty or one hundred ex-asperated Southerner?—aud 1 know they exist—might ing just been communicated to her. Another brother met cause tbe streets of the capital to Sow with blood, and a violent aeath a short time since, by being thrown from one drop spilled will be the signal for a general rising in7*^?LL?!S2CWM8 mU>f***" y°urPorts,andanacttbe South, snd a demand for separation. Tou would be astonished to witness the feeling on this subject amonga wagon in this city. Tbere is another brother now l.ving in Downieville, California.« wSTJS^JS lCJ* "*°*KU*nF •»committeds a n c w ^ 1 d o T u ^ ^ h v * w ^ r ^ m d W i » o v e r S e o Tiarad i n t o 0 b ^ w ^ n W ^ ^ c o ^ ^ " ? S r * 2 ? -rvpreasntotiou of the m l n l s ^ o f ^ 'rtarmwatiKrwr P" T O ' , ^ ****=«• •haUba^ower to^ueICol. Rudler a as born under tbe French Cag, in the de- quired to pay for pilotage, except when they required the, ur questioned, though it may be doubted whether mauy some of tbe most Intelligent people in the agriculture partment of Ansase, bordering on Switzerland, in tbe yearwarrant Tor the apprehens.o., or the \mZZ*?. > e ?committing an oceace in a British port i ? S ^ ^ - o b j 0 C tat he would totue a warrant foT t n T a p p r a h l ^ ! ? 7British subject committing a similar oftence^Sd * £ Zlof tbe vary grave crimes to which I have^sswJTi?*80power to send him home for trial; and in caaaoTa«LnI!otesors, Such as larceny and -mad crimes aad diso¥i2T people of America are interested as well as tbe mer-down almtst as if it were ta reality a declaration >f W.jrrvtog to our eourta jurisdiction—always on thereem*' man latkw or at the reqnest of the ambassador or 6M^,\ representing the I aitod States at tbat port. And tflomochants—I do bope, I say, tbat you will give it a fair andhnpsnial consideration; and, If yon can agree with the•wwa I bave expressed, I trust you will state those views onT 0T ernmostly of planters, who are arranged Into ompinies un Gen Taylor was menaced with destruction by the Mexi- der the command of suitable captains. Tbe patrol Is out can hordes, he was one of those who enlisted in tbe three every c'gbt, all over the State, and are on the watcb In tnoLths' Louisiana regiment, in which corps he served as every direction for negro stealers and incendiaries. A captain to the cattolsctbn of his superior offcer. Gen. number of desperate white men bave already been caught Quitman. After the term of service expired Col. Rudler and banged for burning dwellings and gin houses, and en- returned to New Orleans, whence he afterwards pro- ticicg negroes to run away. Caves have been lately dis- ceeded to California on business. He lived near covered ahere these negro stealers would rendez- Stockton about three years In a rsnehero, raising vous, huddle thetr negroes together, and concoct plans stock. He here became Intimate with Walker, who for future depredations. Apart from suppressing these unfolded to bim bis plans, and he engaged in gsrgs of villains, the object of the Southern League is to Walker's first expedition. Investing necrly all his money bring about a cordial co-operation among Southerners, therein, si-me 13 000 or |4 IOO During' the progress cf and to be ready for action the moment the critical ques-easy snd understandingly. He reasons carefully act acts vigorously. He to the most untiring man tn tbe dele- gation.But wbat is this hubbub What tbe deuce is ge eg on <n No. IT Who,in thunder, occupy those quarters and m»ke such a thundering row- it can't be a happy family— tbere most be discord in the interior, however piacid oo the face. Hang i t ' It is the New York deler, .tion ' Whose burly vrtee is that, proclaiming adhes.on t \ Do>g- las and fidelity to the State fleshpots* -Ijet ns'-irry New York, that's our business, byjehoeapbat '—(ce gem rally usei a snorter word for bis oatb; jomurucuz with tbe same letter .) Don't you kcow wbo tust i s 'That s he of the jolly proboscis and fat belly, he woo ca- ries the democratic party of the Empire Stare 'a the seat of bis breeches—Dean Richmond One wouM ft uk that the Dean is excited, or that he drinks. Bot lie H cot ex- cited, and, like a certain down East editor, "b* don't d r i n k ' ' And then there is the careful aad calculating Schell, raying little but thinking like a mil! race. AcJ there is Ifaac Y. Fowler, in bis blue coat aad uax uut en- semble, be don t seem to be much pleased at Lbs way tbirgs are going. He 1? either vexed or very aux ious. Tht re be was. on the S*ih of April last, a pillar of ttrerflh in the democratic party, a party oracle, a gen- lUnan, and,ass boon companion, without a pec But where is be cow'- Echo, in benign mercy, fa.Is to at swer.Aed then there are Oagger—Csgrer a beruf—and popular John Cochrane, the life and th. light, the flower and tee strength, the ornament and the unitarian of his delega- tion—the friend of tbe ladies, and beloved by all of tbem who bave any love to spare. And tbere is Clancy cf tb >sue.. law could he applied to American seamen in Em- m\JL » * «ner t; end If you cannot agree with the wnweof my views, jou m»y, perhaps, meet the question^Mswith BrrtMh seamea coming here sad deserting. About0 4 wmw w pp. ravoronlyofthosenationslh^i f, ' * «rtmor«d in **!? r*".'* .^. S*"*** * ceJtodfc'nhe Fo- the way this question = W * "^Procato. That itreign Deserters' act." It» aa act which rgives tbhe Enagr- to deal with tbretgrla a Sriush part to the saaaswar saS a Br tab ssasaaa. Bat when this act fioaM of Lord** onitBwBaw^wl *y \*^g»w>Baw- «k|| jaABiessv waasAtwatstsi —Jnrwt siact," hat w hen Aaaarios was asked to adept it aha sakt •410." For maay years we did not understand the ma-will yield those chargeTu'i,., l*° B<H ">»* England ^^•^•emethlng totoeNEW YORK HERALD,JV this exclusion of all thins which are ant Americaniareupon';etactoraj tickats d taa]saanisiii with themercbanls and shipowners of Boston, Amei can subject" This is another point which I thinkposiuon of this question as it immediately affects BriUm mer- aeored quite ready to famish—hs would then proofed to you should cauaider. NYw, in regard to the next ques chant skipping. Tbey bave done so to the confidence that dieaad having ascertained their views—which they ap very desirable tc bare Hittled, and which I am anxious'hamed to Liverpool another consignee of the Andrew Fos- ter made a further claim of £1,800, seized the ship, and was obliged to be given for that adlttlonal ant on the part of the owners of the The owners of the Tuscarora thought that, having given ball far tbe full value of tbe shm ana of the cargo also, they were surely exempt fromliability, and thoaght no more about It; bat on the proceeding again to Liverpool some time after, of the Andrew Foster seise I not merely the but other property belonging to herbeen a great boon to seamen and a great advantage to shipowners. Now, It Is not a question worthy of your consideration, whether it will not be advisable for yon to establish slml'ar offices throughout your country. That Ma matter for your consideration solely. Wo are not interested tn tt. If you were to establish shipping offices, Into which British seamen should be admitted on the tame terms and subjected to the same charges as Ameri- can teamen, then I think our government would be wil- ling to allow your seamen the same privileges tn our ship-ing offices. This is another matter which I would like tbe government of this Board to take into consideration. There are ether points of very considerable importanaa, hut sa Uiey involve, to a certain extent, questions of po- licy, which those questions to which I nave already re- ferred do not, they being more strictly business ques-tions, I bave greater delicacy in touching upon them; butIf yon will allow me to be frank, I will state my views,private property, except articiea contraband of war, B*cut In England, and going forth, in the usual phraae, to "burn, plunder and destroy." I do hope that yon w 11 sdd your ittluence to that of those in England who hold the same views that I do on this subject, so tbat these two grest maritime natlonsjahy agree on this Important question; and that the right to capture and destroy pri- vate prop, rty may cease, and cease forever, Jhave thus enumerated, in as condensed a form as I coull paaslbly state tbem, the main points which I bave thought It my duty to lay before you; and the oourse I intend to pursueIFtomeettbeChambersofCommerce InNew York,to Philadelphia end In Baltimore, and explain my views to tbem,snd endeavor to get tbem to memorlalita the government in some way ; and when the gov ernmrnt has received the memorials from the several Chambers of Commerce and Boards of Trade, IJfshaU then go t.»wn to Washington, hoping that then your government will have determined to act upon the subjects presented to these memorials snd in the manner I desire. These, Mr. Presi- dent, are tbe main points which I had in view in datirtng to meet you here to day.Mr. Bassa—In view of the subject which bus bjeea pre wnted to tbe consideration of the Board this afternoon, I wouldsubmitthefollowingresolution:—Resolved, That a committee of twelve be appointed to consider tbe various subjects presented to tbe govern- ment of this board by the Hon. W. 8 Llndslsy. M. P., namely—The liability oishipowners— the rule of the road at sea—collisions—signal lights—the application of tbe British Foreign Deserter's act to the ships of the United States—offences committed on tbe high seas—tbe settle- ment of disputes relative to wages, &c —the establish- ment of shipping offices—the rights of belligerents— tbe registering of British built vessels—the coasting trade, &c.The reeolutien was adopted, and the President autho- rized to appoint the committee, which was constituted as follows:—James M. Beebe, George B. Upton, William Appletou, R B. Forbes, Charles 0. Whitmore, Isaac C. Bates, Cabirn Howes, William F. Weld, Charles J. Morrill, Alpheufi Har- dy, N. H. Emmons.The Great Result to be Known extensive machine works, gin (cotton) factories, Aa. The banking capital of tbe city amounts to tbe aggregateH. Stephens, and was defeated by 2,700. nOTGLAB TICKXr,upon a chum for £33,000, and our courts de that be was bound to pay it, So that tbe owner •f this ?hip was actually called upon to pay, and did pay, aaout £32,000, when tbe whole value of tbe vessel whichsttfi the damage and its freight was only some £19,000 the Vice Chancellor, to his decision. said that the lava ofBritain do tot apply to foreign vessels. It is eiASOCT TBI ELiCnOa—HOW Will GEORGIAGO rrcio*.Although the opposition to cede the State to him, yeters and workers who do not §road question before tea) torge majority wouldThe following to one of ^ ^ ^^Influential poartton sa a politician and statesman, opposed M) disunion without a cause..s same with your laws bore; they do not apply to such as they are, upon those questions. As you areships; so that this is a matter in whioh iLe Bri- aware, we repealed our navigation laws in 1849. The actTHE STRUGGLE FOR THE SPOILS Tbe whole number of votoB 000. Of these—shlpowner teas much Interested as you are. Now, came into forca in 1850. In 1864 we also repealed the actAI would propose is this —The merchant shipping mtttee which reported last session have recommended l a law should be introduced in oar country, limiting liability of shipowners to the amount of £15 sterlingas applicable to our coasting trade, so that the ships or Ameri a arc now placed on exactiy the same footing, en- tcring tbe ports of England from any part of the world— from our possessions in the East, or any where—as Britisho%o.»al.aBMIRQd o . ,4fce.Bell will receive... Breckinridge Douglas•6,00048,000fio.ooo •*•••***: Ben eke"I hope the Chambers of Commerce here willto your government the adoption of a similar ships. Any American ship can a'so enter our coastingSTATE OP FEELING IN THE SOUTH.. „ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ _ _ If 11,000 or 12.000 Douglas men vote far. Ibis baring seen done, I think tt would be desira- far tbe two countries to enter into a convention up .u subject. Without takingupyourtimewith details, ides in regard to the principles of the convention —„'d be scmewbat as follows —That the ships of Great •main aol the United States respectively, shall be placedla eji.i'1 rooting la regard to the low of life, per- injury, am., by collision at sen, and that the liability of the owners ci the ship running do an ano-ther shVn be Lmited K- tn < s<me amount, whether the ship belong to Great Britain or the United States. an<t tawt the mode of procedure shall be In accordance with Has law of the country iu which the chtlm is made. That l i the principle which it se-ioi to mu u jgnt to be adopt*!trade, if its owners think proper to do so, on exactly the same terms as a British ship. I must here remind youofwhat taa ever been the professedpolicyofthis great nation. There was recently living among you— be is now gone—a gentleman whom I held in very high respect He was a citizen of this place, and a distinguished minister of this country at our court. Imean the Hon. Abbott Lawrence. I mention his name with great respect. I had the pleasure of knowing him personally, and I do not know tbat I have, for a long time, met a finer specimen ef a man. In a cer- tain .orrespondencu in regard to the light dues, that passed between Mr. Lawrence aad Lord Palmers km, pub- lished it our Parliamentary papers, your minister laid doan tbe principle upon which this government pro-tore and four Douglas electors, the six OB tl Ml ticketwill bave a majority over all the vote* cast, Btx, being amajority of tbe electoral ticket, eaa flu all vacancies ontbeticket,according to the.Georgialaws. TheDouglasWhat Will be Dene by Oie South if Lincoln is Elected?— men will require no pledgesibut kave it to the magnanl Camming, of Richmond. ail good and influential cltlsent.•d to this very rreve and important questloa ofliability. Now In regard to the working of it. fesses to bave acted in its Intercourse with other na-tlie Plantert—Oroanizatiom of Secret Armed ami Mount- ed PalroU to Crush Out tlie Abolitionists and Nigger Stealers—Confidtnce of the Planters in ike Fidelity of their Negroes Tne BeUgUms Exercises and Amusements of Cte Slaves Curtailed on Account ef the Midnight In- cursions ef Nirtnern Incendiaries and Home Robbers, dx. Returning from a brief but searching visit to the inte-State for either Bell or Douglas, as clrcumatatioes may jos- ury—that to to say, if the electoral vote of Georgia will elect Mr Douglas ttwIUbeeo cast. It It willetect Mr. Bell it will be cast for Bell. Tbe Bell and Douglas man are powerless to Georgia unless this arrangement be effected; for to the event of a non election by the people, Breckinridge is sure to receive the vote by the Legisla- ture, which has been already elected, snd in which Breckinridge has an undoubted majority of from 80 tothe case, again, of the Tuasarora. If the law___ then been as 1 propose, all the owner of that ship aould have been required to pay would have been £0*00, the value of the ship and freight, or £ U per ton, upon the isgistry of the ship. Tbe courts of England wouU then have given notice to the partk3 Interested, whether H Bagland or America, that such an<1 such amount bad been pud to the court, and that on such a day it would be di- vided. pro rrfa, among tbe several claimants—ir the own- sua were decided io be in fault And so if a British ship ware to he thrown Into your courts. The owner, or hi* aresentive here, would pay it.to court the value of thep and freight Your court would try the question upon t h e same principles that ours would, and if tbe case waa decided against the owner, notice would be given to the cooaignees, whether la England or America, aad the sum would be divided pro rata. I can only express my sur -rise that this plan, or one SMsaswat similar, bss' not been adopted before,tions—ana It to the principle which all your eminentrtatesmen have laid down—ramely, the principle of re-ciprocity. Well, we gave to you the whole of onr coast-ing trade. Yet, as s free trader, I must tell you franklyl h . t w e did so, cot for your interest, but for oar own,and I mutt telltjoa as frankly tbat we have been consi-rior plantations, your correspondent has arrived at these 100. This, to brief, to tbe present calculation among tbeTHURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.Bighit Moral dry, «*» a Wlowtn tits Cars <m OramWat MSaose (though dele»*CT pW bar saytaf 6 AUt, because you are thereby prevented from import og days, and wa earnestly trust that yon will find It in your Congressman 8p***-Wm Donglas Hang IraUmfImiT* oomMXBClAL MLATHTO. •o) of the Uidertioa of these words. Without ships such aa we can produce tn onr country at a lower power to send representatives of yonr body to that meet •Electors at Large. C J. McDsnald, of Cobb, former!]ipaw***- *-!|mil i it <, I# - 1 'BJSrtwia*2 I•artawt a*" *i i* "J* * ^ ^ i l r J a * * ^SUnoon. at half put three sUf a 'slave." We can tntfx isy, "You may call jour wa can-as M proved by the fact that you asad your National Association for the Promotion of Social Science. But show me a city of over fifteen thowsaad tnbabltaate favor si convention for deliberation. Gov. McD. to varaM.T.can compete with the world to shipbuilding, sa a whole, why should you, whan you require a particular ship, like an Iroa steamer, or a Newfoundland fishing boat, be pre- vented from buying tbat steamer or boat? I think this is a point requiring your consideration. 1 think you are injuring yourselves by this exclusive policy. I reoMKlyWILLIAM WILSON SAUNDERS, Chairman of the Asso- ciation for the Protection of Commercial Intereato, ate., London. *ety to the face of all the world, here la the well regulated sad lively etty of Augusta you will find, as I ton from one of tbe city mlssionariee, Colonel Cramp, that nine-tenths of ail tbe winey improprieties are com11arson. Be waa tbe secession -ii-1 lists for in 1861, bat was beaten by Howell Cobb majority.• a s held y ^ y J J ^ B o a « L N o ah Marebnato' seir a slave, but here la your own signature which you American built ships to England and sell them there f a t , DUNCAN DUNBAR, Chairman of the General Ship-where you will not find the saaae demoralising practice. popular, but to bad health, which will] Bat, while to other places they blazon their inebri- his being Catted States Senator tatobeertoe^^^^1^^ toMlm.have signed, an n Bros sgant, tn an agreement to prooesd from Boston to LiTsrpoul and Bank again. You moat bo *fit« agent; we can only know jou at a free agent." Therefore, these word* being unnecessary, I think that if, instead of tbe worts, "not being slaves,' the words. 'seamen who have voluntarily engaged themselves, and apprentices indentured to merchant snips belonging toaa tbe law now stands, you are prevented from buying In owners' Society, London.the cheapest market. When it Is perfectly clear that you THOMAS BARING, Chairman of Lloyd's, London.pomt ont to vour honorable house the present unsatisfactoryburg, likewise, the Chamber of Commerce is interesting itself much in the movement, and in other towns on theforms me are well supported by the public at large, aad •too by private robscripiions. There are no theatres atbroucbt forward for discussion at their nextmoetln atGlasgow, on Monday, September 24 next, and foliowin-B well under as Iroa cost than you can bolld them yourselves—snob — *-"-interest in stand why tbe itaarliwn government should decline •hrps, for instance. You are tosiag asm your '-P§ . L l » * t t ' . **• * to be s party to that act Bat those, words, "not Doing the Newfoundland fishing trade, because thl e peculiar ehieftv Interested should be present. We are, gentlemen, to bo revered snd respected for its moral, raUgious sad a Southern Righto democrat of the strictest school.leg, as it is very desirable that delegates from thecommerolalbod.es m different parts of the world which art Augusta, of aU tbe interior Southern cities, is the most State and Judge of the Supreme Court, has always aesaHenry R. Jackson, ef Chatham, la to favor \ eveb sod suchpower," were introduced, the government heard of a case which ilhisf ates this. An American ship F. A. CUNr, Deputy Chairman of tbe Shipowners' As- mltted to the private apartments of the bachelors, aad Inttoa of tbe luion en the election of Lincoln, iSftJSSgm to tha couatrro.• f £ . « a S S T S would be prepared to accept this set, with some inch ship, because ha wanted bar immediately for a partionlarSaw* ho W r - , o f _ p « « a ^ W i T t o w . * * * £ " • * modification, and then I will do all I possibly can to in purpose, sad could not By his hand upon any other suita-WILUAM M. MOSS, Chairman of the Asaoclfttlon for, kept by a popular gentleman named Wheeloek, sad the one of the seceding delegates from that the Protection of Commercial Interest, h a , Liverpool.Be wagduceour to substituteble ship. But the American law stepped in. The ship bad been registered sa a British ship, sad could never ha regit tared again as sa American ship, sad thus the former owner, one of your own people, waa defeated la his pur-- tshsoasye bweordisspofosredthtoe others. governmentALLAN GILM0RE, Chairman Of the Shipowners' As- sociation, Gtoatgow.WIIJJAM P. BATON, Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce snd Manufactures, Glassgow.HENRY J. ATKINSON, Chairman of the Shipping Com-Planters', kept by a gentleman Darned Bobbins, formerly of the Adams House, Boston, being the principal, llq-or tosold on all days and to the early part of the evenings, except on the Sabbath, on which day tbe sale of liquor,was Colonel of the Georgia regiment to tbe;aad Mtoister to a fereiga court under t^restosat Ftorea' He to rroreof a lawyer thau s. politician, aad aretbdito the erasure of those words aad to the aubsttta-deal with deserters from sbtna to their poryi. in regard to disputes, very often * » » « * i t o n f *TMf between masters ana seamen on board ships, which de- tata the vessels to pert. »"d of oourse. ••time is cap tal,pose.refer—belligerent righto at sea and this is a very im- portant poliit. We have also reported upon that, aad I will read to you the words of our report—they are very few. You are aware tbat by the declaration of Paris, inpopular man. Has some influence.District £lectors.I Peter Cone, of Bulloch, member of isMsssaaBBM"Wsm--* .*«*-, is cc» or two introductoryare"mdiaprlkosmatist," much more an is shipping than In anythiig *b», entail sertouainet visit the_ laite-i Statseshad been reported In oome loss to the owners/ 1 would like to see sumo convention lbofl, wa took one step tn advance, sad declared that aWLLIAM BROWN. ATKINSON h Co., Managers Of the Humber aad Hull Mutual Insurance Association.her cr years, strong in his own county -will faver dkmaioa in case of Lincoln's electtm. 2. W at atoogbter, W^oarb. erty. Not much Influence. Position doubtful 8 0 i_ GibcoB, of Bpanidtog. 4. Hugh Bachauaa, of Cooeia. A Lewis Tumlto, of Cass. « Bard* Strickland, of Forsyth? 1. Vim. .T. lofton.of Jasper 8 W.M Mcintosh.of LibervU all doubtful except tbe last ^wbo will pr*eaMy faver en. anion, sa that is the prevailing fmUua ut the party ia tea State, in esse Lincoln should t* elected.BXLL ncKsr.Electors at Large,William law, of Chatham—*a eminent lawyer |g Bavaansh, and a s old whig, nut a politician, and win sot take an active part; has • large personal totenst, o«| will not use it. Against disunion.| B. H. Hill, or Troop—American candidate for Govwn*two years ago, aad waa beaten by Joseph R. Brows,(dem) present Governor; acknowledged leader ef fatAmerican party to this State; very large inf.uenos, sad astumping the State for Bell; has torge practiee at a isv.yer; is against disunion to any emergency, aad for tbe enforcement of tbe tows against treason under aof circumstancea.District Electors.There are tour first class flour mills on the canal, sup- men, tie most distinguished being the last named. Mr. plied with modern improvements. These mills turn out Lamar waa a candidate for Congress oaMwAsswtoMa large amount of flour. Tbere ere also on the canal ticket in tbe Eighth district, against tbe B * . Alexanderlasa'^pcrhae! caemnveohye,re as a man of bo ine«. to con entered into between America aad Sagianl, m that inneutral fiag should cover aa enemy's goods, not contra JOHN 8HUTE, Chairman of the Chamber of Com- such occasions tbe rigidity of the Sunday law to relaxed,withbmuten of buslnem about commercial matters,eh both countries »«re deeply interested. He in whichthese questions of dispate between masters and seamen, in regard to wages and such like matters, the magistrates of uie resperttve countries rbotdc. on tbe repreaentatton of tbe consul of the country to a b i n the ship belongs, have power to deal with thuse questions in a summaryband of war; but tbe committee, of which I was a mem- merce, Bristol. and the stranger to permitted to receive and entertain bis ber, thought It their duty to take a still greater step in It will he seen that the chief commereial bodies of thenot trouble them with any formal speech, butwould confine himself to a simple statement of facts, injama and simple language. Having compared nates and manner In tbe same way as if they were British oradvance, and they made a recommendation to these country are stirring to the matter. The subject has been friends with hto usual unctuous boa homme.words — taken up with spirit by tbe Chamber of Oommercc, New Tbere are quite a number of drinking saloons and otherwholesubjectwillreceivedoeattentioninthatquarter,where ContinentitMexciting attention. Asynopsis, wearein-ton—that of the shipping of seamen. As you are the responsibility .rests of taking such measures, In concur formed, is being prepared and printed for the Gtotgow meet- large, at present; but Fleming, wbo is now to New York,Saw York, Philadelphia and Baltimore, and adopt aejosMwhat similar oourse to that which he was (blowingThe different Boards of Trade and Chambers <tiwould, no doubt, forward memorials to theirspvernment, ana by the time the government of tbeae would Batted BUtes had considered these mem win s "have iiiscihsd Washington. He wouldM the views of the respective governments couli tici«. Another biai.ch is for paying off the seamen; lie opinion that. In tbe prcgressof civilization and to the sause lng tbe first stone of an International system of mercantile "Winter Garden," after the Broadway theatre of thatsware, some years ago, we eaiabiifbed shipping offices st each of the great seaports, where seamen are en- gaged, where a n m of articke It drawn out, and where tbesean>en sign there articles In the presence of the shipping master Another branch iff the office is tbatting which already contains the practice of England, Boston (United States), Mobile, Brest, Bordeaux, Boulogne, Am- aware teat grave objections bare been urged by high authori- sterdam and Antwerp, and there appears to be e7eryderable gainers by tbe free trade policy. Well, when weopened the coasting trade to yon we expected that your Secretary, Lorenzo Sabine, were added to the committee. districts in regard to the movements of tbe abolitionists result is looked for with anxiety. The Brecks havegovernment would adhere to this great, sound nrlnciple, as mid down by Abbott Lawrence, and that you would open your trade to ua I am sorry to say that you still retain your coasting trade; and you do more—I do not know on weat principle yon managed to do it—I speak to you in the best of reeling on this point—you construe your coasting trade to include the trade between New York sad California I am at a loss to understand bow you cat call a trade that travels nearly round the worll a "coasting trade " I will tell you what the British shipowner says. "Why," says be, "thetaade between Calcutta and London is quite as much a coastiOK tradeTbe President then called the attention of the Board to I he fact, that several of tbe topics which had been pre- sented by tbe honorable gentlemen had already bean act- ed upon by the Board, as would appear by reference5 o tbe last annual report, although so far as known, Mbad not led to any legislative action. On many of these topics, he was bappy to say, tbe Board would doubtless agree with tbo views expressed by the gentleman; bat on others, there would be, perhaps, wide differences of opin- ion. However, as these topics bad all been plswd la charge of a committee, this was not the place to discuss tbem.No further business being proposed, tbe meeting ad. ourned.International GenersU Averw.se. (From the Liverpool Mercury, Sept. 11Jof tbe North.3 That the agricultural population is rife for revolutionand separation.nominated Dr. Lobelia Thompson, a very popular gentleman and an eminent physician of the high pressure principle. He is a lecturer, and, of coarse, a favoriteduct its own coasting trade to tbe best ad vantage. 11 was said tbat the Swedes and Norwegians, eating " black bread," and working for low wagts, would drive us out of our coasting trade; but we have retained it. and for this simple reason, tbat before the Swedes and Nor- wegians can engage to tbe coasting trade, they must come and live in the ports of England. They will there bo subject to the same duties and burthens as Bfi'.lsh owners, and must feed and pay the same men, as British teamen are fed and paid. When I look tc tne vast energy of tbe American people, when I sea that they rave groan to be the greatest maritime nation on tbe face of the earth, I ray who is fit to come and take away their coasting trade from tbem? I do not believe that you will suffer at all if you throw open the coasting trade to any ex'ent. I believe that instead of suffering jou would increase tbe traffic along your coast and tbe trade along your vast seaboard. And what do you dof You remove—I mutt tell ycu frank iy—,i great source of annoy- ance on the part or England. The shipowners of (ireat Britain are constantly complaining about tbe people of America in regard to tbe coasting trade. You may not rare a great dtal about these bickerings, but anythingmast; or eae may be laboring so much In a gale that it ia necetsary to threw part or her cargo overboard ia order to tghten her, which act is called "jettison." In these and similar cases, it i* obviously just tbat the owners or all the interests st stake—i e , ship, freight and cargo—should pay the owner of the sacrificed pro- perty. This is acknowledged by all maritime nations, but the details of the mode in which tbe loss is to be dia tributed, and also what Is a general average loss, are by no means settled, and the evils which result from such a state of things wiil be best explained by tbe following circular, which baa been issued with a view to finding a remedy :—NATIONAL AssomtKHr FO» ran PROXOTIO* or > Socut ScixNtx, No. S WATXRLOO Pmcs, LONDON. J Gixnxnsa—The system of general average to onewhich, to prevent confusion and injustice, pre eminently requires that the same principles should be acknowledged among tbe chief maritime nations. So far Is thto from being the case, however, tbat some of the most Important rules vary not only tn the same country, but in tb* same port. Uncertainty in law Is always an evil; and, in re- gard to general average, tbe evil is peculiarly felt Tbo ship may be owned in one country, insured in another, hersensible gentleman An instance, to wit.— New York purchases. The number of passengers wouid Vi Is thto your first or second term in Congress. Cilonel? have been larger had it not been for the reception A. The first and tbe last. (A laugh from a constitu- of a report ia New York that tbe yellow feverservices of a pilot, and if we would give up those dues which we now levy as "passing tolto." If you gave up yonr coasting trade, and we gave up these exactions, it strikes me that you would be very much tbe gainers, and you wonld remove a serious annoyance, and do much to develope your own trade. However, that Is a matter for tbe consideration of tbe government of this Board, and I do bope that you, and the shipowners generally, and the American public—because this is a question in which theThe evils of Bucb a state of things are notorious and un-are distinctly traceable to It, and are, therefore, remova- districts, where the strength of every State actually 1824. He came to this country with bis family In 18-32 orble, are clearly realized as proceeding from this soun-e lies. Probably the chier reason which baa hitherto preventedit would ha advisable to hare a similar Uw Mwlrtl??!*11*** f o r m - Y o u m »F ••yi though a*e cannotto Brithth seaasea to American ports. I OrteL. ^ r ^ L ° P e n "»tTM** between New York and New artoka here only to lay down the gene- mvaS'5lTS!Ifm^d N*w Orleans, wa are prepared toral principle j the quest.on of detail is one Now m^T a&5?'1 *• K«tern to the Western ports. with which the law office* of the respective countries willthe expedition, Col. Rudler was wounded in the knee byBe better qualified to deal than we commercial man. aawMwasto? • another "vexed question —the question of de-». A man deserts from aa American ship in Eng-fc^~«wl*.Report wa have re- taxes to which I have that foreign sa well saa musket ball, and upon tbe failure of the enterprise re- are men in this league who would go to Washington and turned borne a cripplo. He was here. living with his a a X ' S r a S c a - £ ^ TM ^ £ V S £ l £ b forcibly prevent Lincoln's inauguration, I am already ap sister, rome two years, when the expelitkin which hasenttogofrom Boa- Uaterl our courts baveBmishshlpownew^Kubawi^^ "But we have recemtMndedthlltl*1 f,Lom t h o 8 e burd<»«- h y h 1 1 bit with his accustomed ardor, leaving New Orleans some two months ago. and the result is krown.Co) Rudler erjoyed the unbounded esteem oi a large circle of acquaintances He has friends all over tbe country, particularly in tbe South—in Savannah Macon, Montgomery, Mobile, New Orleans, T x a s &5.,.-cc. His iilends are making arrangements to bave his body brought here for interment, to etUctvtnch expense wiil be no Object.arto to DO,Mr* £ » » •" toieturnhlmoa board the ship,commended that m teete- •^b«»holkdmd"J** "SfT"0*,?***•"and Provimonsinaportof refuge, which would raise questions between shinowner snd underwriter, but for the sake or both it Is to tbeiMt degree desirable tbat these should not be left sa ft bone of contention between assurer and assured, as they are at preseat, e. p., when goods to America are insured iiEog-Tbe evils of the present system have already eausad much dissatisfaction in America as well as in this coantrv aad will become more and more intolerable as the com' merce of the world increases, which it seems likely todo with a rapidity hitherto unexampled. Tbe time then would seem to have come when an attempt shoakl bemade to remove this most unnecessary element of lrrlta tion between atsured and underwriter.In the bope of coming to an understanding upon thisprised. Everything in the heart ot the Southern country Just met so fata! an end was proposed. He entered Intoreturn, men mere in the qoeation 7^*should like very much myself to h*wJ2?rmatter, and see if youoBcBsWanotttironpoiprovva. ,»•E££*.!_*»•»"»*"•of measurement. I think you requtoem^S?1?1 m o d e here, and I would submit to yoaVoonaTdera^ eh*°«" mode of registering ships, which waetateodSL T'r B ,e *"omeininj"•''•wy eTbe commercial value of good temper Is far greater than is generally realized, and the impediments thrown In the way of business by misunderstandings and Irrita- tion involve annually an enormous loss to the wealth or the country. One of the moat fruitful sources of thesaticket thus formed will be elected. 1 refer to tbes mat to tbe position; Henry Misaroon, Esq., agent of the line;nation, where the general average Is made up, may be In a country which has different rules to say of the others. What is considered to be particular average on ship to one port Is held to be general average in another, so tbat tbe owner of an outward bound ship may find himself unable to recover his loss either from his un- derwriters at borne or as general average abroad; or. ontricts are born on horses, and the girls soon learn to ling letter writers have recourse to a moat fool means to stimulate their brothers to gallant and Intrepid deeds. rbeat, not only the people, but the press of the United Tbe agricultural region in couth Carolina, Georgia, Ala- Slates, and among the latter the most Influential in tbe bama, Texas, &o , can produce a mounted force of rifleauRAXSTON—TK1 LATB DRMGCRATIC flOMTffllW-Till if- rKARAKCl OF TBS CUV—iMUHOi—DESrXKATS CMDiTIOS Ot THINGS.ftDy gereral movement in favor or this reform Is aa exas gerated estimate of tbe difficulties iu the way of carry lug it out. The dlilVultics are, no doubt, considerable but they are far lrom being insuperable, and the imnortaaoe of the end amply justifies an sttempt to grapplo with tbem. Both the assured and the underwriter are interested in placing their mutual relations upon a rooting which would effect a saving of time aad temper, and wonld secure them against the aunovin* pecuniary leas to which they are at present exposedIt Is not of eo much importance how the disputed pointssettled. Moat of the questions are in the end merely matters of account between one set of underwriters and another, and it would make little difference to a n ^ d o r - writer upon which interest It might be determined th«Peck esteemed li'ro bigbly.in every county in this State. The league Is. composed At the breaking out of the Mexican war and when A. R. against bis opponents. Murray McUraneil lakrs itUntitled Documentmittee of the Hull Chamber of Commerce aad Ship- gad, indeed, almost ita use, Is forbiddea—unleas a kY ork; Board of Trade, Philadelphia; Chamber of Com-Tour e«mmtttee have thought K their duty thus briefly to merce. Mobile; also at New Orleans aad Boston. At Ham- public schools in Augusta, which the city missionary In-opena at Concert Hall on the 29th, with aa entirely ori-ginal ;.lay, written by a Southern « , called "Patomba; or,ties aga nit any further rtep in advance; but they cannot close prospect tbat tbe meeting at Glasgow may result in some Tbe Carbonari." A Scotch gentleman, named Thomasrenee with foreign Powers, as msy olaee tbe present Interna- tional regulations on a better footing. Your eo*mittee arettls brief temment on so important a question without express- method being arrived at of patting an end to the presentin which the maste.s and malee undergo an examina- ing a bope that ;our honorable hmse will agree with them In extremely unsatisfactory state of matters, and thus lay Whyte, has opened a fine place, which he has christenedhe brought into harmony respecting tne ques- that Is to say, tbe seamen Is paid off at this office; and of humanity, the time had arrived when all private property,MAVT! ACTOailB IV -ACGCSTA.that of tbi rosponsibi)ity of shipowners, he said: if a Brt bis parents or friends, or deposit it in the savings bank tag this report, upon whioh the committee agreed with THE QUADRENNIAL CONTEST. Augusta contains about 16,000 inhabitants. Tbere are taw thip earning to a port In America run down another Tbat act has been of much value, and done a greU deal me in all the main features of it; and I most say that I in operation the Augusta cotton factory, two mills, run-weasel, the rsapoosloility of the owner of that ship is not never lajd down a principle with greater satisfaction thanto this country limited to the value of the vessel, because Iof good. Tbe examination of masters and mates has ma- Tdid the principle which I have read to you here; and Iwant courts cannot make that limitation. Socb, also, was terially tended to elevate the character of tbe officers or do sincerely and fervently bope that the time may arrivethe case with American ships in our ports. I can best il- our ships. You may feel that you do not require it la when all private property shall he exempt from captcressstiste thu. perhaps, by the case of tbe Tuscarora. in your country, for I most do you the justice to say, that, at tea, tbat'the temptation to plunder, which toaafton What is Doing in Georgia, South Carolina, la»7 the lutcarera taa into the Andrew Poster la St Judging by those who have come to England, your mas- leads to war, may be removed, and that men mayGeorge s Coar<nel. The agent of tbe owners of tbe Tie ters are men of high intelligence and great shrewdness, no longer be permitted to indulge In it. 1 do oarers gave hail for £8,000—the rail valne"of their ship, and every way qualified to command ships without an sincerely hope tbat you may agree with me tgave vmti un wv,—, — — examination; but I repeat, this est baa tended. In our to tbe views I bave expressed, and may urge •resuming that our law was tbe same as yours—which it country, very materially Indeed to elevate the character upon tbe government of this country the desirability malry was, so far as that went When the Tuasarora re of our masters and officers. The shipping effices have of moving with England ono step further, making alltman) to wbieh be would now direct thou* attention, la it, wa have a money order office and a savings bank, law. not contraband of war, should be exempt from capture at sea.name.m regard to the first and most important question, so that he may remit the money, when he receives it, to I bad, I may say, the pleasure and satisfaction of writ,on motion, the President, Edward S Tobey, and theIgnorance in regard to the relations of master snd slave An election takes place in Macon, to-morrow (Satur- day), for Mayor. Tbe Breckinrldgers run a ticket,on the plantations. and the "Bell Duga" run another. Thto is the 2. That intense excitement exists in all the isolated first fusion demonstration in the State, and Msconclusions:—insiders.©r» BTBCIAI, COHBB9POND1NCK. ATLANTA,6a,Sept.23,1880.4. That if Lincoln be elected, men can be found ready with tbe ladies. As a lecturer, he possesses steam ofto go to Washington, and by force prevent his inaugura- "Great Eastern ' power, but is supplied with the patenttion. And, safety valves and the new-fangled brass stopcocks. Cay-5. That there already exists an armed league, pledged to this and other purposes, hostile to Lincoln's govern meat.enne pepper, No. 0, is an element In his favor. The "Bell and Dugs" have nominated another physician in the re- gular, or allopathic, profession. Tbe contest is as muchstranger, and especially an express agent from tbe city ofCharleston, arrives In town, on a mission of mercy. Onning 14,460 spindles. The present number of looms rin-ning to 840, and it to intended to Increase the number tn ashort time 175 more. Tbe present production Is 101,000yards per fortnight; number of hands, 892, tbe aggre- of Coweta, a Josiab R. Parrot, of Cass, ft B. p. to-Virginia, Minnesota and Massac'nsetts. gate wages paid to whom amounts to 91,900 per month. of Forsyth, 7. L E Dapree, of Twiggs. 8. Lafayette Lamar, of Lincoln. AH to favor of union, ana alfasrin Six Weeks.NECESSITY FOR ACTION.Nominations in tne Motr)polis and Elsewhere.to $3,076 000. Tbe Adams Express business to under thecharge of Mr. Charles Haskell, formerly of Boston, an 1the office is among the best conducted in the country.Mr. W. H. Betas, who so well attended to tbe transmis-sion of the telegraphic messages during the CharlestonConvention, has charge of the telegraph here, aad ofcourse that institution Is well conducted. Mr. Betas to of the most popular men in the 8tate. and has beta a very from Brooklyn, N. Y.Ihe Excitement on the Plantations—Prompt Action of mity of the Bell men, whom tbey bave placed in p >wer, to so fill tbe vacancies as to cast tbe etecttwal vote cf tbeTbe political feeling of tbe Douglas electors to stoongry against tbe election of Lincoln, but they consider the Breckinridge party responsible for hto etoctiea, if tt hanpen, and will probably not advocate resistance with- out some overt act.POLITICS IN BOOTH CAROLINA. «>CB CHARLESTON COBBSSroHnKNCB.CIUK1R3T0N, S. C., S»pt 12, I860A Leap from Niagara to South Carolina— Vhe Trip—Tks Passengers—the City of Charleston—lb Health and he People—Reminiscencet *f the Dem-xratk Convention— Nm York, Tennessee, Kentucky, Vermont, Okto, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Maine and MiesUsippi Redinvus, esc., tfr.Surrendering hto precious charge, Gov. Seward, to oca •f tbe BBBALD'S todefatigables at Niagara, on the 31 of the current month, your special correspondent finds him- self, at tbe date above written, in this fine old Southern city. The aaaaajs from New York here was made .n the good aad fast steamship Columbia, under the emmaad of Commodore M. Berry, wbo to at once among tbe mer- riest and most capable steamboat commanders upon the American waters. It war truly a pleasant trip, and oatwhich all on board, numbering about oae hundred aad fifty souls, enjoyed from the start. Among (be paean, gerswere W. Gilmore Stomas, Esq , the popular novelist and agreeable gentleman; Senor Francisco Muao2 fUmoa de Monacada, Spanish Consul for tbe States of North and South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, k: , recently appointed1. That the Northern people labor under the grossestLOCAL EI icnoxs—COXCXNTRATIO*.Startling as some of these conclusions are, yet there between lobelia and calomel as It is between the Brecksand the fusionites; and as It is likely that tbere may be a disagreement among the doctors, tbe people will them- selves step in to choose.rrsioa or ArocsTA.Many Northern people labor under tbe In this cout ty a Senator and member of tbe House are to be chosen. Committees of Bell and Douglas most absurd prejudices relative to life upon men bave already been appointed, and tbere Is no the Southern plantations. They hold up aontin- doubt but a fusion tisket will be formed. Thataoamaxx FBSJVDICBS.Eelvcs the position of stoves in the cotton fields, working on the contrary, very likely to occur.hindrances is the different method which exists in diffe- under tbe tosh, and whipped for every slight neglect of TALK ON TUX CARS—COLOSSI. J0HBS, THB SrOCBSSOB Or HON.rent ports of distributing the loss which arises when (a duty. Nothing could be more ridiculous. Instead of the A. H. STCFHKSavessel and her cargo being to Imminent danger) some of the materials of tbe ship, or a portion of her lading, are deliberately sacrificed, in order to preserve the remain- der of tbe interests at stake. A loss resulting from such a voluntary act is called "general average." For ex ample, a vessel may be lying over on her beam ends, aadhub being tbe stimulant to labor, cupidity and tbe pros- in the Eighth district, has the utmost confidence that pects of personal gain are the actual incentives. On many Breckinriige will carry the State by a majority. He says regulated cotton plantations the sla?e has an Interest io tbat, although tbe State baa not been canvassed, yet by the crop and to Its expeditious gathering, and, however the interchange of sentiment among neighbors and by* wl*WtojiJBJbetter go South and exam toe for themselves. The re- lation between master and slave is tbat of mutual inter- est. It Is tbe Interest of the master to feed, clothe and bouse bis negroes well; aud it is tbe negroes' interest to work faithfully and diligently to view of coming rewards.CITKISS EXOITIMINT IX Till rSOI-ATBO DISTRICTS. Nothing is more c ear than that tbe moat intense ex- citement prevails in the isolated agricultural districts, arising from the reports of the diabolical operations ofFurthermore asked the querist —Q. Douglas, you think, is no. popular In Georgia-A. No; he was not popular before his Norfolk speech,snd since then be has fallen off greatly.Q Wbat did be say there to irritate the Georgians?A. Tbat in care Lincoln should be elected be wouldler d his aid to sustain hit administration to hanging all traitors.A Voter—Dougas considers a secessionist a traitor; and if be is going to bang all secessionists, be bad betterprevailed in Charleston, and tbat it would be dan- gerous to return at this time An amusing tocilent ta thto connection may be worth printing. A few minctet before tbe Columbia left ber wharf a telegraphic despatch was received on board from Mayor Macbeth, of Charles* ten, to Chief of Police Bam, wbo was then to New York. The despatch contained the Information that the reports of the existence of the yellow fever to Charleston teas alarming extent were entirely groundless, and that Ssath Carolinians in tbe North could retcrn with perfect safety. The telegraphic message passed from one band to another until It reached an incredulous wtgmaker, residing is Charleston, who declared that the despatch most be a fabrication, aa tbe signature did not at all resemble Mayor Macbeth s handwriting. Tbe serious effects of tbe rumors relative to the existence of yellow fever here are apparent on every side, but I shall refer to the subject snon more at length.abolitioL-iste in other sections of the country, Texas par commence growitg hemp at once. (Hah! hah I)is Trans A SOI'THIRS Lxaora?Indeed there Is, and a strong one, tx> It has its agentstion of union or disunion is to be decided That tberenow gives the assurance tbat a political volcano is smother- ing which to destined, some time or other, to burst and scatter desolation and devastation o^er this fair land. Hut will tot the hand of the Almighty be interposed to prevent so dreadful a catastrophe)1SHADOWS OF THE COMING CONTEST IN GEORGIA.OCB SPECIAL C0HBE8P0KDKNCI.ArurstA, Ga., Sept 23, ISflO rFtJl Bdl and Douglas Unite in Georgia?—Vie City of Is Georgia a Diiunian State?—Analysis of the &: tralArocaxA,Ga, Sept. 22,1860.letter, be has arrived at tbat conclusion. Fusion, besmall bis proportion may be, It is, nevertheless, a suffi-cient stimulus to the negro's cupidity to render tbe useof the whip altogether unnecessary. They work bard, bis long, handsome, white teeth when anybody intimates from tbeir Northern summer tour, and some up country faithfully and cheerily: and when the day's work is done to the contrary. The Hon. Colonel Jones is a popular an* planters and merchants going home after making Ibeif they have their merry dancing and singing frolics, so fullof original bnmor that they would create a pleasurablesensation in the heart of tbe stlffest abolitionist the Northcan produce. Tbe negroes are happy and contented in ent ) It does mt pay to go to Washington,and I shalltheir work in tbe cotton fielda It is their normal net be a candidate again.condition, and those wbo gainsay tbe assertion badtbiiks, will be of no account, and he laughingly showscountryV B the fact be unknown to you—If anything beunknown to tbe HKKALD—your correspondent will stateot people. And terrible as tbe reality may be, the state that it is known to yoar correspondent, and patent to city of Charleston, at this season of tbe year, is consideredmen that cannot be surpassed in tbe field by any other classA leap from Niagara and the Canadian frontiers to tbdof public feeling Is at this time such as to warrant the many respectable and in luen t isl citizensm the localities the other band, be may be in a position to indemnify hiin belief that this vast force of armed and mounted men will interested. Let it be then known that letters are seat toby some like the leap of Sam Patch at the cataract, likely to prove fatal, and not many persons tire ftoxio-is to us- dertake It. Toe terrors of Yellow Jack appal the stoutest heart; but sometimes tbey are groundless, and their cause and origin far l e u harmless than the effects of aa epidemic which continually prevails to your little coos:a over the Hudson—New Jersey—called tbe "apple Jack" fever. The latter lays out more corpses every year than Its yellow namesake in theSoutb;and it has tn i * fjneral train more sad and solemn spectres—the ghosts of mad deaed minds snd desolate husbands—than ever fo! towel the vtoLms of the terrible yellow fever to a ^outberagrave. Bat the jump from Niagara to Sooth Carolina can be elected with safety if the person attempting it be prudent on his arrival here—if he avoids the nkht air, eats mcderetely, sleeps comfortably, smokes continually, and drinks a little good brandy occasionally. Aa internal cataplasm of rpieed abrtmpe, cooked to the Oriental style,with Oriental bands, under Southern supervision, also serres st times as an agreeable sad effective antidote to some forms of Southern complaintsself fraudulently twice over. A similar remark would apply to special charges on freight end on cargo. A very large proportion of the most Important questions rests In England nominally upon the decision oT that extremely vafue authority, "the custom or Lloyd',8" but really do- pends upon the idiosyncrasy of the particular adjuster wbo may be entrusted with the papers. Hence arise many cases where apparently Injustice must be done to assurer or assured. Either tbe assured finds himself sad- dled with a lots agaitst which he believed himself in- jured, or the underwriter pays one which was not coiiai dered in the premium.Much toss is occasioned to the mercantile community •nd to the country at large, and much valuable time is worse than wasted, through business being impeded by misunderstandings snd irritated feelings.A still more crying evil, resulting from the present un- certainty of tow and custom, is tbe opening which it leaves for every sort of abt.se Attempts are daily being made to introduce charges of the most outrageous dt scrip tion,whichdonotevengointotbepocketof theshlpown- er, but which he feels himself helpless to resist from want of a law to appeal to; and he naturally considers himselfhardly used should charges which he himself has paid be refused by his underwriters, though these last arc obliged to refuse, in justice to themselves and to prevent the in- novation becoming a precedent.be concentrated both for asssutt and defence, upon thecommission of the first overt hostile act by Lincoln, to reflect the sentiments of the localities referred case he should bo elected. The young men in the agri- to, mailed and pcstmaiked at the post omens cultural districts are ready for a fight at any moment, in those places, and bearing the address of such papers and indications are everywhere to be seen tbat even the • s the NEW YORK HERALD, that u e written in the city of most conservative planters are ripe for revolution and Washington ? A case is before me. The HERALD publish- separation the moment their rights are invaded by tbo ed a letter from Crawfordvtlie. in thto State, tn which federal power. This Is no Idle talk, but a photograph of senseless abuse was heaped upon that particular locality, tbe actual condition of things in the immense agricultural and especially the Hon. A. H. Stephens, wbo resides there. districts of the South.WILL tHM orararxATioM or UXCOLX HI FORCTRI.Y RKsisrntD*Southerners toward tbe Northern aoolitionlste is intense assertions made in that letter. But one of your specialsd lilt rent parts of the country, and supposed toIt is reported to me on good authority that that letter was written at the seat of government, sent under cover to tbe Crawfordville Post Otice, and thence forwarded to the NEW YORK HKKALD as a letter ot glinting In Crawford-will visit the locality at once, and re;on accordingly.COL. AKTBOM' K. Rt DIKR, SHOT BY THE HOXDrRJAXlS, WHSfor many years a resident of this place. He has ft Bister livicg here, tbe wife of Mr. A. Frederick, a worthy cit /CD. She is at this morxent bib; ring in a state bor- dering on distraction, news of her brother s death hav-CH.»r.IXSTOX AS If 18 ASD WAAAgain at tbe Mills House, under tbe beneficent care of its proprietors and their geutlemanly assistants, let ua look at Charleston as it is and as compared with a few snort months ago, during the Democratic National Can vent on What a contrast' Bow the aspect of the city sod the as- pect of the hotel are changed I am now writing in the room then occupied by tbe Illinois delegation as tb*ir headquarters. I think I can even now bear the ^inoj-scs voice of Richardson explaining to ha delegation tee steps they must take to secure the nomination of his friend and Mr. Samuel Peck.ot Sew Orleans, as bookkeeper. Mr. chief, Judge Douglas. Bluff, curt, decisive, he Uye tS3. On leaving Augusta be went into the employment of1. S. B. Spencer, of Thomas. 3. Msreellua Doogba, of Randolph. 3 L T Doyal, of Spaulding. 4, W.F/WrlgkuElectors at Large.Augustus B. Wright, of F.oyd, lawyer, good orator, SBsmping tbe State for Douglas. Considerable Inftosani ia K a r a of the State, but has held no very high oflka) position.Among tbe alternate electors for tbe Slate at torge 4 James Gardner, of Augusta, a prominent Southern right! democrat.District Electors,1. James L. Seward, of Tnomas county, forasarly mess, ber of Congress from bis district, good speaker, floutbera righto to politics, influential to hto district. 9 B. T . bar. tin, of Muscogee county. 3. Nathan Bass, of Bibb; bete influential clttoena. 4. Hiram Warner, of MerrtweUnr county, one or the first Judges of tbe Supreme Court of Georgia, ex member of Congress, and large personal ic? • ence. 6. J. W. Harris, of C«as. ft. J. P. msnmons. ef Gwinnett. I.J. 8. Hook, of Waahmgton. 8. JulietAlexander H. Stephens, of Taliaferro, to a lawyer, sag has been a member of Congress from tbe Angoste district for fifteen years. Has held no other public office, to ote te*. I snJeaiPTSd to find' out thai real reason o ship can get aa American register unless she i« A»Z*,' n orickets—What WiUbe Done? «fic, <sc.I herewith transmit a brief history of the political feel- CfelcufeftoM am) fresh Dtxtlotx- ings tad sefttimcBto of the moat prominent gentlemanAIM rtAisaJ, aid recently ) tare atcertaiaed that itAugusta-Its People, Business, Fun, Government, PoU-years sgo. Lnder your law, as at preasata^t^f e*hulU. tttolA«etaMyouyoursel^^question, tbe council of the National Association for theThomas M. Tryniski3Fulton New York13069Promotion of Social Science bare determined tbat it shU bewww.fultonhistory.comHer, Banks, Ntwfatert-MmBarbecues, Religion, Expresses and09South4th Street1 