 whichsneg little bumof $9,000 perannumbymeans ofhis proms on the property refered to. Again, a s a n illustra- tion of the loose manner in which tbe finance depart- ment has been conducted, it has been found that an im- portent source of revenue has been cut off from tae city, owing to the neglect of the authorities enforcing the pay-Tne sermon w n listened to by a crowded boon, and a deep interest manifested throughout It apparently suit ed the teste of the bearers. Evidence of that kind o! sympathy for John Brown, and leading republicans endorsing t h e sentiments held forth, certainly are good enough proof that there is a strong sympathy in thia**VTHE NEW YO HEItA.L_D.•» I • * MilWHOLB N O . 8527.:mm*^m*nMM)**Mnf*o**mmm*m'&m^^im0*| .aanlteyy, murder al^whatever eMe^ifetote, unholy andaocuraed. • BtereBWJBYs haveltoTiahTOWe, hbsrt. ortbepursuitofhappiBVss, 4udsh-mte-ne"regardedas criminals and outlaws,, and should be eehipeilei to #«•HORRIBLEMUTILATIONOFTIE SUFFERERSNames of Some of the Killed midhas been stayed. the Bonn, it is necessary to have the unanimous consentThosenearatthebreakingoutofthefire,were almost togrant theHall foranyspecial purpose. Underthis rule, Mr. Flagler, (rep) Chairman of the CommitteeTBSTHEaln or seven hundred operatives were a t work.Vie nulls are a complete wreck. Some two or threeh—arid persons am supposed to be still to the ruins.At present a is impossible to giro anything Oka n correct statement of the loss of life, but•rem the best authority It in believed that at least two hundred are dead 1Bthe rains. Eighteen dead bodiea have been already taken out, together with some twenty- tve persons mortally wounded, besides some fifty in dif- ferent stages of mutilation.Mr.Chase,Ike agent ofthemills,and Mr.Bow, the treasurer, eaaapad b y running from the buUdtag.It la tmpoanble as yet to fell the cause of the disaster. Oar reporter la just c o n e from the ruins, and t h e scenes there beggar all description, Some tw o or more acres of ground a r e piled n p with every description o f ma- chinery, and the fallen building. Huge bonfires are burning t o Ught some t w o o r three thousand persons who are working as if for (heir own lives, to rescuethe unfortunate persona, many of whom are still cry- tag and begging to be released from then- tortures. Every few minutes some poor wretch is dragged from his horrid praonjand it is heartrending to hear then* cries aa they are drawn out, with tegs and amrs crushedtheir constituencies aod take measures fer tbe foundation private boxes and upper iters were profu «'\RimiS ENVELOPED IN FLAMES.****^**irs^j*^A*%s*s'i,^*sr>^sj\*HrtflktCAUSE O F T H E DISASTER, etc, eta, toUwKoat, Mam., Jan. 10-» P. M. terrible catastrophes o n record o cMr. Glbbs offered his resolution, granting the use of the or a Northern confederacy, that shoe.id be indaed free decorated with the flags of all nations, theo rof sermons about the woolly heads. From present Indi- cations we shall have " short patents" and long sober wrmons upon the different points of the nigger, rrom bis curly hair down to his toe nail, spiced with accusations against the South as unjust as they are untrue.Tbe movements to favor of the pro rata fere uponfreight are every day assuming more importance. TheTbe majority report declares that James Guthrie is the choice of Kentucky as the nominee for the Presidency bv the Charleston Convention. Tne report also endorses theOneeorred in this city this afternoonM l with a sudden eraah about i r e o'clock, while somet h e moator torn.under the bricks, deliberately*cut his own throatto end tribe.caused by crowding all toe steamboat landings at the lowerpartofthecity. Thispetitionissigned mostlyby Germans, who have put down opposite their names their residences, which are in the vicinity of avenues A, C, 1), and Foarth and Fifth streets, East river.Among the numerous petitions presented this morning, praying for the passage or a Personal Liberty bill, was one signed by Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, G. W. Curtis, Francis G. Shaw, W . Templeton Johnston, George Win- throp, M. R. By rant and several other prominent eilisetu; of Brooklyn.five thousand dollars, and is folly covered by insurance inPhiladelphia. Thewaterwheels,dam,andthePenn- sylvania Railroad bridge, are all safe.A l a b a m a E l e c t i o n . MOHTUOMXBT, Ala , Jan. 10,1860.A triangular contest for the vacancy in the Legislature is going on. Woods, Southern rights ooposition, is large- ly ahead to the ctty, and will probably be elected.T h e C o r t i n a s D i s t u r b a n c e s .# CHARLESTON-, Jan. 10,1800.One m an, shockingly mangled and partlyonSaturday evening, January7,thefollowingsocieties having Joined the organization, viz:—Cerman Benevolent Society.St George's Society.St Andrew's Society.Friendly Sons of S t PatrickSt David's Benevolent Society.French Benevolent Society.Swtae Benevolent Society.Portuguese Hebrew Benevolent Society. Scandinavian Benevolent Society.niB agonies.The whole dty seems la mourning.Mrs. M. A. WAWWSJGBT, proprietren of the Central House, in Petersburg, died suddenly on Thursday morn- ing. S h e formerly conducted t h e Gaston Hotel, North Carolina.Dies, in Philadelphia, on the 7th test. Colonel Psnx A.BROWSE, in the seventy-eighth year of bis age. As a law-yer, his reputation was deservedly high—the most promi-,Many are running through the streets, and with frantic cries searching the ruins. Temporary hospitals have been arranged for those rescued. Many stand b y the wreck frigid with des- pair. Often a terrible crash, caused by the clearingaway, threatens death to those who may still be alive in Sho rasas.We regret to hear of the sudden death, on the 5th inst,in Boston, of Mr. NATHANIEL CLARK, printer, and for thirtyyears foreman of the Boston Advertiser office. Mr. Clark,who was a resident of Dorchester, and was in Boston onbusiness on the day or bis death, was attacked with a fit ing, indicates that this Legislature will have a large va- or apoplexy, which in a short time proved fatal. Mr.Clark must have had an Iron constitution to withstand thedeleterious enacts of thirty years' service, in a Batondaily newspaper establishment Ha was nearly seventyyean of age..Generaldirecting those persons who are endeavoring to rescue the victims of the disaster. Gangs of men, with ropea below, are constantly dragging out huge pieces of the wreck which imprison so many. Some of the rescuers were kilted hi their humane efforts. Since we left the scene of disaster reports of more of the dead and dying are constantly coming to us: Surgeons are earning in from all directions, and everything that can b e done at such a painful moment is being done for the suf- fering victims of the fearful calamity, the mystery ofH K.will have to be cleared up by an inquest.ADDITIONAL PABTICTJLABS. LAWRRRCB, Jan. 10—11 P. MOliverla eooaptonoosa n dactiveto(ballperwhwiththesword."to handling tha subject he styled Brown ae the advo-At about ten minutes of five o'clock this a ternoon, oar citizens were alarmed by the cry of ore, which proceeded from the Pemberton Mills, about tour filths of which had fallen, a shapeless mass, without the slightest' warning to the nearly eight hundred human beings w h o were thenWatThe building was never considered to be as staunch asMought to have been. It w a s built about seven years since, and was then thought a sham. Indeed, before the machinery was pot in the walls spread to such a degreethai some twenty-two tons of iron plates were pot into save it from falling by its own weight.from the bast information that can be now gathered, the building appeared to crumble and ran from the east-$6,000 each.city real estate sold for unpaid taxes. Both these mat- ters have been referred for investigation to Mr. tireeneIndeed, 1 would not be surprioed to see the likeness of Brown placed upon tho pl^uorm of the republicani in the canvass in this State in I860, and nailed to every re publican flag in the CommoriVeaJth. Certain u is that in this State tbe leader of tbe Harper's Ferry tragedy will be associated thoroughly with the canvass.Notwithstanding this strong expression cf sy mpathy in favor of the causn of Brown and the negro by the repub- licans otibis State, in a vote that was taken in 1*57. upon the question of allowing negroes tbe right of votng, there was an exceedingly small vote cast in favor of it, a m a- jority of tbe republicans voting against the measure: thus refusing to admit on equality the race that they are soern corner, or end towards the Dock MltL m if powerfully drawn that way.The fire companies a t ones repaired toIt fell inwards,t h e spot, b u tSenate., ALBANT, Jan. 10, 1860.there being BO fire, they immediately net to work with aSouthernOeeanSteamer Movements. SAYANJIAU, Jan. 10, I860.T h e Pemberton Millsarebelteradaptedforitsdiscussionthanthopen,andoneBuchananadministration,andtheminorityreportdeclares FavorofWm.H.Seward—dominationofGeneralwillto remove the rabbtah. They very soon reached iu.a perfectly healthy condition, and that it was his {opinion he came to bis death trom apoplexy, produced byofaspecialcommittee. Agreedtoby1»to10.Mr. CO.YNOLLY (dem.) gave notice or a bill to abolishthe usury laws.Mr. ROBSJEIBQS, (rep) qf a bill to amend the HellgatoPilot actAlso, to repeal the act creating the Board of Commis-sioners of Record to New York.MrTSnsoLA ( d e m ) Introduced a resolution calling o nall city and county treasurers to report the expenses of the last election. Laid on the table.BILLS UTBODCCRD.To vest full powers of fecal legislsttoa. hi the super-To make general election days public holfaays.To make preferred causes of those to wBten executors or administrators are sole plaintiffs or defendants.A report was received from the State Engineer, estimat- ing the expense of the extension of the Chenango canal at $829,400. Adjourned^Assembly.ALBANY, Jan. 10,1800.Mr. FLAOIBB (rep.) was excused from service on the Printing Committee.The screw steamship Hunteville, or Cromwell's line, rrom New York, arrived on Sunday afternoon, 8th instMarkets. rniLADELrlllA STOCK BOARD.some of the rooms, a n l the dead and wounded were taken out a s fast as they could h e reached.Mr. Charles Batchelder helped to remove some twenty- atom various conditions-acme sUU living, others dead and terribly mutilated.Messrs. Chase, Chut, Patterson (or Tattereoo), Melvin and Winn, overaaera sad clerks, are safe.Mr. Branch, aa overseer, has not been (bund.The Ctty Hall has been converted into a temporary hoff- pttal fee the dead and, wounded, to remain there untildrinking too much wise.SLAVS TUFU.TS.—A negro woman, belonging to Mr. Temp e, of Pnoce George county, V a , lately presented her master with three children at a birth, two girls and aboy.Six NEGROES OmrvtciSD.—A few days ago we noticedthe fact that eight negroes were on trial, in Greene coun- ty, Pa., for the murder of Wm. 8. Zimmerman. The trial baa resulted in the conviction of six of the defendants for manslaughter. They were each sentenced to five years in the penitentiary.Paonrmoss or WMXHCNX—The principal productions of the State of Wlsooacto are said to b e pretty girls, rail- road bonds, mink and other skins, seed fvbeat, Sons of Malta, tax titles, corner lots, and whiteflabiPiuLAOBirmA, Jan. 10, I860. Pennsylvania state 6's, 92; Reading Rail- Morris Canal, 49,'i: Long Island Railroad,Two BROTHERSHrNG.—On the 16th oh. Jane and John recognised by their friends, although scores were recog Lewis were executed In Jaekftboro, Campbell oounty, Tenn , fer the murder Of 8 . D. Queeaer, Sheriff, and Tra-many other of his comrades in the Mexican campaign any other man. The Germans that vote tbe repubnoan> and take* at once to their homes,he following wounded are now at the H a l l -vis Gibson. Jesse w n S3 and John 21 years old.lour YEAS.—The New Haven girls have assumed then- leap year privileges, by inviting tbe young men to accom- pany them on stearh ndee. The "weaker sex," like Cap urn Scott s coon, toon "came down." »BasssswB a rot Tnetsu LEUKLATCRR—The Speaker ere tern, of tbe House of Detegates.Mr. Christian, of Au- gusta, appeared in the chair on Tuesday, clothed (na full suit o f Virginia cloth, made in h * awa town, Staunton. OnMonday lasta member ot the Hon*, of Delegatesof Virginia was married, and appeared a; the altar to a fall salt of homespun.IxormrtVr m CHEBTXG—The Buffalo Presscontatosthe account of an elopement which took pteoe in tbstown of Chemung , N. Y., on Thursday test The partteaare Ly- man B u r ' a n d Mrs. Bosworth, wife of Jerry Bnaworth, a respectable termer of tnat town. Mrs. B. left a family of children, ranging in years from four to aixteen. The fugi Uvea took everything rrom the house of Bosworth worth anything except tbechiklrea.Maw YEAR'S r n s n ' n ft wealthy eHssn of •gdVsfeitsc? Mew Yenr% presents tonr.thenofhisfearcmldrea id iVe thenmsd doUars, ant nveral other frieBds the aew i n aefe sknUheas ateesn of bask paperat 10>ic. a l»>jc. for middling.SAVANNAH, Jan. 9, I860. Cotton unchanged: sales 660bales.ExFLOSiOH IN SEVENTH AVENI'I—About five o'clock lastBight an explosion occurred to the building 396 SeventhMary Ann Coleman. •few Clary.Kate BarykecCHARLKSTOjr,Jsa. 9,i860. Cotton unchanged: sales to day 2,400 bates.avenue, occupied by James Connolly, dealer in old floor barrels. It was caused by the gas. Tbe gable end of tbe building was forced out, and fell upon a blacksmith's shop' was deeply buried m the ;tb^rewnnor*oapectofbehtgei1ricatodca4will vote solid, datesrerrtsfntlngrightfulprotectiontoindustry,andsolidOn waini to that partofthemiCstill shawlTor*rMeea^oadroo.bytbenstejdSaUn steamer !Iroquois, should b e received b y Wednesday, the 11th test— ;Tan Foo i v e re* Fsannm -Last evening aeW^Vctema?s ameSmentto extend the invitation tothe clergy ot Troy, West Trey and Greenbosh w a sHerald *f Mrm&m, and that henceforth it will be a demo CTewuO psaDOjfVSLAVERY m NEBRA«* - A resident ef Nebraskatoferns theChicagotimmthatthereishardlya»«"«•b»ft»n<1noon, irem toe effects of a wound in bis throat, mtiictedo u t Ofadopted. Adjourned.'by himself. I r o n the evidence adducedO'Keen yesterday It appears that t h eseatedintheadjoteingstoreof Mr.Burke,when hesud-denly arose aad went behind the counter, where he pro-cured an old raaor. with which he inilieted a frightfulgashinhisthroat Bewnafterwardsconveyedtothe convenieatP •«•of^jMhn rends^ enrn hospital, where an attack of delirium tremens came oa,which lasted until his death. Tbe Jury rendered a ver-dict of suicide white laboring under*fetopathy derange-ment of mted. tteoeased w ss a native ef Ireland, aadforty years of age.lettersf Africa, tothe coastoTupontneinn^ssMayai canto: street torrsttt'la* trips ostrewferIks ran»"riTMTMiwHMALBAXT,Jan.10,1800. The niiggtolaesl Qnwentton assembled to-day. It was very fell. Every ward and all tbe towns, exoept one,h^proporttsarftheteaiteef theJffiwaakes si antippt. and tehas B te Chicago; asm of too l a road\as well n the Mttwaakn esal Wanrteeas. 'Thai eal trstnc of the road must eventoatty be verj large, forNaval IntoUlby the United ft ten stisnsrCoroners* Inquests.Mobhticans, should bo received at tbhe NWaavvyyY*ard, New York, by Friday, the ISth tost Letters fer theM o ^ Un^'retosrkBbte » prs- paratton for another sale; the J<sBBiSsof(feeroe4tej^ li»i»t tarn winter There • mofe oonSdence placed to theTctocaao aad Northwestern than any other road to too Stete^*aBcT«. *X*g^&£2fflZ 5 2 ^ ^ w n s o S « ItoSssssSS limf TS^SZft thf'biSt nction of the State, and internets ati •Mr. MCQIADB (rep.)—To prevent stockholders to perated nrnpaBteafeom voting by proxy.MORNING EDITION-WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.THE UHI0KINACRISIS.HOBJUBISCATASTROPHE. About hah*past nine o'clock fire was discovered. NEWSFHOMTHESTATECAPITAL otherdelegatefromthisctty. Mr.MeMahon. Secretary Of the State General Committee, was urged by himself andCity Intelligence. ^THX LKKT GUARD BAIA.—The long looked for sensiUoa,to the way of fesbtonaWe festivity w n realisedtesteve- ning—the Light Guard ball, at the Academy of Musks Young ladies still to leading strings, curbed by the frown of " mamma," and the solemn warning of " papa," aad foil fledged belles, long on tbe wing in fashioaabte flying, bad their dreams of bran buttons, red stripes, spars, gold lace, and grenadier bats, fully s a d meat afreeaoly fulfilled, while matrons pone displayed their gorgeous ariky, heightened by the reflection ef all kinds of brB halt tints, totheir heara' cornett, and " Young America '. in/' perfect abandon' never had a better oppirtinlty to. , dfeptey a hasdaome boet,aMKOsntioasbje "kids." ail the mys*rie*oftheintoxicatingRedowaxeux temps, femoral.Tilling of the Pemberton Hiilf, at Law- rence, Mia., Containing SevenHundred Operative*.NMMMMMAAA'MMMMVTwo Hundred Persons Instantly Killed.Thai addtOtonal horror , although somewhat appre- hended, struck terror to the hearte that had before been hopeful of saving more lives. SMS the work of removal went briskly on. The force pumps a a l all the eagmn which were on the ground at ease gotof wafer on, sad have been pouring on tor- that BOW, (11 30 P. M.) although volumes of •team are rising, yet toe fire does notOar Spettal Albany Doanntea.THB KrFBCT OP THB BSVBBAL S)» THK HOCSB POXothers. Catenas McArdte opposed him, and favored the election ot MSftBel G. Courtney, late District Attorney. A vote was taken trina twee? when all tbe delegate*, except eight, voted for the election of Mr. Courtney. The dele- gates are James Brady and Samuel 6 . Courtney.Anti-81*very Conventi** In B iBOB, Birraio, Jan. 10,186D. .As anti slavery enmattsa is aow to progress m thisViews of the People on Momentous Question,First instoimffli of thf Icperts Special Herald lepertfrt.>•» «*»»• ItheAUJAST, Jan. 10,1860. Considerable feeling has been manifested amongst the conservative portion of the legislature on account of the refusal to grant the one of tbe Hall for the Union meet- •sen to gam, and it in certainly to bo hoped that it ing on Thursday evening. Under the rates adopted byctty. Parker PUlsburv, abd etherresolutions are eni.—AmavteaaR Anthenpv.A. M. Powell arete attendance. Thenent cases in which h e was successful being the defence,on the ground of insanity, of Wood and of Mercer, the annual election of directors. By this means the recate and detender of the great principle of freedom, but like Peter, whom Jesus rebuked for attempting to defend himself with so large a number armed against him, erred in tbe mode adopted in liberating tbe slaves; andM Peter resorted to the venial mode o f warfare, notwith- standing tbe superior force agatest him, so did Brown in tbe defence ot the cause that he had nearest h i s heart, andthusfellamartyrtohis cause. The reverendgen- tleman reviewed the entire coarse of Brown white in prison aad on trial, and looked upon it n one of the most remarkable cases on record since tbe eraemxienof Christ He endorsed bis motives, and at the same time denounced the mode of warfare. But even in that part there was a leaning towards an endorsement.had he been tbe leader of a sufficient force to have conquered thecharged with murder. In each case his client was ac- publicans consider their chances good to secure the con-this city, for passing counterfeit lives on the Conway Bank of Massachusetts, and on the Mechanics' Bank of New Haven, Conn.the benevolent societies to Join in this organization, the Board adjourned to meet at tbe same place on Saturday evening, February 11, at eight o'clock.quitted.Died, at Utica, on the 7th but, Mr. JAMBJ Dana, aged eightyyears. Ifr DanawasborninAshburnham,Haas.,trol of that organisation, and thus have the benefit of its influence in t h e coming Presidential campaign. There will be a bitter opposition to this measure, nut tbe pros- pectsarethatitwillbe whippedthroughunderthepartyTbe Boston "Weekly BankBotnoii, Jan. 10,1860.DISCOVERIES IS THECoxrntoixxR's OFFICE.—Mr.Haws,May 29, 1780 His father was one or two Huguenot rule. The weight of that corporation is, in their opiuion,Statement.brothers who fled from France to England, and subse- quently came to America. H e resided at the place of h is birth until h e was about twelve years oki, and afterwards at Windsor, Vt, for about ten years. Soon after attaining his majority he started for what was then the West: and after tarrying a year at Schenectady, he arrived in Utica in 1808, and there he has since lived. Mr. Dana leaves several daughters and two sons, one of them the distin- guished Professor of Natural History in Vale College.Dr. William R. Palmer, the man arrested in Memphis a month ago, ou tuspielon of being an accomplice of John Brown, died at the Planter's House, in that city, on the 31st ult , or consumption.The very oldest person in Boston, a negro woman named Catherine Boston, familiarly known for many years as "Old Mother Boston," died on the 5th inst.,at the age of one hundred and eleven years.First lieutenant Edward II. Day. 3d Artillery, died at Richmond, Va , on the morning of the 3d of January.Domestic Siewi Items.DKAXX Wrxa US a WAGER, AXD Dm>.—Miles Winn, says the New Haven Journal of the 10th inst, In compa- ny with Thomas McGwian, entered the distillery of Koeler k Co., corner of Fleet aod Water streets, early Saturday evening. McGwinn asked Winn what he would have to drink. He said port^rlne, upon which some one o f t h e number present remarked h e might as well drink brandy as port wine, as far as the effect w a s concerned. Winn, who a) said to have been a temperate man, then said hecould drink two quarts o f port wine without feeling i tMcGwinn then offered to bet S10 that be (Winn) could notdo it, and the wager w n made. Winn commenced uponhis wine b y drinking tumbier after tumbler until h ereached the* eighth, when those who had furnished it re-fused bim any more, saying that seven tumblers wereenough for any man atone time. Winn then sat down ona bench near the stove for about ten minutes, when hesuddenly fell backwards on tne floor, apparently help-ten. He was immediately taken home, and died abouteleven o'clock, totally unconscious. Dr. Jewett was called,andheldapostmortemexaminationofthebody,andre- AlbanyandSusquehannaRailroad,moved theformation portedbeforethejurythatbefoundtheremaiosofWinnourCityComptroller,iscontinuallystumblinguponim-portant discoveries in his energetic Inquiries into themanagement in detail of the busmen of his departmentBy some recent disclosures it appears that forAnrrmoN FOB BSMOVIKO STEAMBOAT LANDINGS IN NSW YOBE--A SCHBXB TO CONTROL THB CRN- TRAL BAILBOAD,RTC.tTNIOMMEETING—THBPRO-RATAT A XAGAIN -laterestiiig Letters from Wiworisin, Illi- nois,PeiiMyNaniaandTaWstJani,also a sin and a crim*. Ttfe^W threat ^/chapter It was, indeed, a mostteSjthe Barnes drove them back and the woman Is supposed aide will manage to give him an opportunity to obieet to damsten franshe South should have been bailed withJoy scene. At the rear of tbe *tng>» nvelsrgd atbrors #ere Tbt CoDdWen of Trade to tbeto theendef the at the point of extricating a woman not badly hurt, but of Ways and Means, defeated the resolution. The other' lean their prey. 4tor UdTon with aSSh lUrehaWors isJ^Varsovienne,Polka Redowa.ajd * Sad beaoWutto have perished, when delivery seemed so near.The Mayer has telegraphed to Lowell for the Bremen ofthat dty, who will arrive here about one o'clock.ft ie estimated that sot ten than two thousand able bodied men have beeh constantly at work on the rains;but notwithstanttisg that so many have been workingin a small space, yet no accident that w e can learn of has occurred. *the admittance of all anti-slavery meetings, and thus by all the friends of, the enslaved- fliegoyoreranujs of arranged in a row; above them a beautiful transparencyfurnish evidence of the consistency of bis course— whether he will be aa willing to prevent anti-slavery harangues n he Is the expression of Union sentiment*.tbe slave States are but organized bands o f thieves andglittered in brilliant cure tormiig a Scroll bearing thewords. "The. Light Guard," and beneath, the figuresHall for the Union meeting again this morning, and asked for the privilege of giving his reasons at some future day.aad an asylum for the oppressed of aS nations.The resolutions are to be discussed to-morrow, and willstars and stripes, as they always are. being tbe most con- spicuous The rear of the stage was canopied with white drapery, and in every convenient nook a cage w n hung, containing a canary bird. T h e efforts o f these little warblers to mate themselvM heard were delightful to those near enough to hear them, and amusing at a d:-<H e yTbbtte fItthereforeThe rabid antl slavery feeling is well represented here,of coarse be adopted. journ. ^The Convention will then ad-lavs over Tor discussion.worth laboring for. Every possible mode will be adoptedthis winter to accomplish that object, and if they fail Inthis now well arranged plan, other schemes will be con-cocted to make the Central Railroad a republican ma- Specie$34,931 700 60,041,000 4,616.000 '... 7,l62,00u 7,624.000 18,26B,0O0 7,088,700chine.In the Senate this morning Mr. Spinola offered the fol- lowing resolutions, of jnterest to every locality:—Resolved, That the Clerk of the Senate request the several treasurers of the cities and counties of this State to report to the Senate ike total expense incurred and paid by them re opectivelj in connection with thce'ecjon held on tbe 8th day of November, 1859; also the December election in the dty of New York.This lays over under the rules.Mr Mannierre this morning offered his bill to regulate tbe acceptance and payment of bills of exchange and promissory notes upon holidays, which enacts, that when- ever the fourth day or July, twenty fifth day of Decem- ber , o f the first day o f January shall either o f them fall on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, the Monday immediately succeeding shall also for these purposes be treated and considered as Sunday, as shall also each and every election day.The committees are, Uus afternoon, busy organizing in preparation for their work. The Chairman of the Senate and HiMise railroad committees are both from UvintrstonDue from other banks Due to other bankssome time back the lessee of a certain pier belongingto tbe city has not paid a single cent into the treasurysince 1862, although, It Is said, be has been realizing tbe Virginians.Mr. Mnxsm (rep.) moved to reconsider the vote bywhich the motion to increase the Committee on Cities andVillages to seven w a s lost yesterday. Agreed to—.Yeas visoes steady. M e n pork, $16 26, prime, $11; bacon,verely burned.Svebonir elected at the aenten of the tost Stele Con- vention. Ttieywillnotattsktobanteevery anergency, but failing to secure b a Atenteatton, will take the next81, nays 11.Mr. COOPER (rep.) urged the increase of the commit-tee, on the ground that New York at present had only one member on the committee, while nine-tenths of tbe busi- n e n before the committee related to her interests.changed: white, 70c. a *2c ; yellow, 18c. a 80c. Pro- 9>,c. Whiskey, 26c.PBILADKLPBU, Jan. 10,1880. Wheat steady: red $1 86 a a $1 86.Iixxass or MR. BUBTOX—Mr. William E. Burton, whofor some days past has been lying in a very low state best man. Although Dohgtes will be their first choice,Mr. J-Ufm (rep.) also advocated the enlargement. Agreedto,7Bto17.Personal Intelligence.On the 19th ult, while on the rout-jo*"*"; ^ a s .By Mr. CAiucorr <.dem.)-To amend the act regulatingtheuseorwharves,sites,he.,toMawTors:. NorthernosmosiUoBwillbeworseforthelatter,thananyother fate to 1800. Wholetownships,and even districts,left arm. Onthe 6thObarlnllhs, PreatdSBtof the Howard _ j an attack of paralysis white at his realState, mate,By Mr. JACQCXS—To amend the general act for the in- >rationofreligioussocieties.trade,andhasplacedtoewere represented.The election of BOB, James Bra !y, ofrobbers, living "by plunder and piracy on the avails or *M827,^' and then above, a pioneer'* arm, witb n**cu«unpaidteQ;and,finally,itisthedutyofSenatorsandinband,whitetbewholeofthedrewcircle Aheadfortbe)CbarlestoBPresent UaUtm tf* Cbkaf* Wb»trepresentatives from son-slaveboidmg States to return toboth in the legislature and the Thlru Honso. Among-t K e n t u c k y Democratic State Convention. tance. Both of Dodworth's bands—his cornet and oo- tbe latter are a number of the Wendell Phillips aud CLK*"- FiumroBT, Jan. 10, DM0. tilon band—were in attendance, and, of coarse, tbe ver school, whose only political and religious ideas are Tbe Democratic State Convention metyesterday. David music was excellent The scene of the ball room properWISCONSIN.OCR MADISON CORRESPONDENCE.>Calamitysucceedscalamity.Intenminutesthewholeaboutthenegro.Thisistheirstockintrade,uponwtinnMerriweatherwaselectedChairman.Everycountywaadefiesdescription.Itwasgracefulmotion,beauty, MAI-LSOS.WIS.,Dec.80,1859MrnvKstrr.man of rums has become one sheet of flame. The screams and meanings of the poor buried creatures can he distinctly heard, but no power can save them.The names threaten the destruction o f the Washington mills and the bridge over the river.Obituary.Jomv Hswaoft, wh9%erved as a soldier to the Continental army during the Revolutionary war, died on Sunday, the 1st mat., at Kensington, Philadelphia, where he had livedformanyyearspast Hewasninetythreeyearsoiage. Mr. Hewson w a s born in London In the year 1767, but emigrated to the United States at an early age, and when the Revolutionary war broke oat he Joined the patriotic army, and served the whole of the long and weary strag- gle. He was at the battles of Monmouth, Trenton, Prince ton, Germantown, and perhrps others; was at Valley Forge, and was also at one time, we believe, captured by the British, Mr. Hewson was a calico printer, and the first, it is said, who came to America; and when he estab- lished himself in the business here he received the first gold medal for manufacturing calico over given in this country. In the course of his industrious career ho mussed considerable means, but lost through involve- ment with Dr. Dyott's bank in 1837. He bad written an Interesting memoir of bis life and revolutionary recollec- tions, which was published.We regret to learn, says the Boston Traveller of the 6th last, that the venerable JOSIAH BRADLKE, who was yester- day attacked with paralysis in the street, while on his way to his busmen, died at eight o'clock this morning. Mr. Bradlee was one ot t h e moat active, influential, s u e cenfnl, and at the same time benevolent, of the merchant princes of Boston. He has been for some time aware that his death might be sudden, and has been engaged in put ting his aflairs in order preparatory to the great event. Mr.Bradleewasprobablytheoldestmerchantengagedin business in Boston. He was tor many years extensively concernedintheRussiatrade, and,notwithstandinghis many benefactions and large sums distributed in his fami- ly, has no doubt left a fortune of rising a million dollars.We team, says the Cattaraugus (N. Y .) Republican, that the venerable Indian chief, Gowuroa BLACXSNAKK, of the Seneca tribe, died on the Alleghany Reservation a few days since, his supposed age being 110 years. He had been confined to his cot for several years. In his younger days his powers of endurance were beyond those of any of histhey talk at all times, excepting when there is a ohauoe fully represented. Tbe following delegates wvre elected gold lace, curls, epaulettes, red, white and blue,The Mitrtpraetitattom of Senator DrlittU—Scoen-JhtUu if th Rrpuliicant Sympatkiu with Brawn— Largeof kit Photograph*—John Brown Sermon to a Church—nu Caum Xnderaed— Helper's Book to f i t ctmin— lhey Denounce Member* of Gmtgrtu for ITaifefij Out of (he Enlartemtnt—Witeontin Rrputlicam imto the Charleston Convention:—Messrs. R. K. Williams, G. to get hold of public plunder. These persons are for A. Caldwell, Juo. C. Mason, D P. White.Seward first and test,taking his " irrepressible conflict" The Committeeon Resolutions presented a majority and as their text, trom which they favor us with all manner minority report Both endorse the Dred Scott declstou.all commingled. The floor w n densely crowd-ed at twelve o'clock, and throughout the eveningall the tiers of the academy were densely throngedwith delighted spectators, and the lobbies werealso inconveniently filled. Of course, tbe supper, whichis always near the/nofe, was excellent Delicate palitesfor Judge Douglas and popular sovereignty doctrines, and deprecates the application to Congress for legislation in favor of slavery.thing is certain—tbe wine flowed more freely than ever did the ink from any pen, though plied by t h e moat elas tic muscles. The Light Guard can certainly regard the ball of last night as a decided success, and the public will certainly look back upon it as a bright spot in mil winter,8aM—Ihrmert Recovering from their Mmtnrran- menU—Merchant* Still in Trouble—Railroadt <f Wi$- contin—farm Mortgages and OUy Bonds, <tc , ate Senator DoolitUe has slightly misrepresented the feeingurgingthepassageofalawofthiskind.Itisuoturged Jersey. tocome. ofhisrepublicanassociatesisthisStateinregardtotheTKKNTON,Jan.10,I860.Vaa Northwtah, of Burlington, Engrossing Clerk; J. II. Cagill, Sergeant at-Arms. All these gentlemen are demo- crats.entire western half of the State, irrespective of party, are O r g a n i z a t i o n o f t h e Itegialavtwre ot* N e w worth remembering and talking about for many a nightbythemsomuchasacanalmeasure asitisforthepurpose of enabling them to send their produce to market atrates that will not give the citizens of the Far West an ad-vantage over those in this State. The Clinton League, es-tablished for tbe purpose or protecting the canals and R. K. McClurg, of Mercer, Assistant Secretary; Wm. H. in this city, some decided step should be taken by the lican camp of Wisconsin took upon John Brown as a mar-influencing the test State election, are now turning their attention to the prorata fare, instead of tolling tbe rail- roads. Their secretary, Henry O'Kiiey, of your city, Iproper authorities relative to that extraordinary specimenof architecture recently erected to the Park, between the tyr tB a good cause, sad clan him with the Revolutionary Bail of Records and the Superior Court The battajag. heroes. Many of them consider bis cause s patriotic one,The number of bills Introduced in tbe House thte morn-The Charleston CourierU special New Orleans corres- riety of work. Amongst the bills is one to prevent stock- pondent Is Bnvteed from Galveston that Gov. Houston—And a majority of the same being represented, the fol-lowing officers were elected:—William Jelhnghaus, of the which were with Jeens stretched out his hand, and drew German Society, President; Robert Waller, of the S t bis sword, and struck a servant of tea high priest and fteorays Society, Vice President; Joseph Stuart, of the; •Basse asThst n r ThsBjaid J n n ante hm.seit sn santo Friendly Pons of S t Patrick, Treasurer • Philip PmchardTof the St. George's Society, Secretary; Solomon I. Joseph,oftbePortugueseHebrewSociety;RobertGordon,oftheSt Andrew's Society; Willy Wallack, of the German So-ciety, directors. The permanent office of tbe Board willbe at 86 Greenwich street, where applications for adviceholders of corporations from voting by proxy. This is has appointed tw o Commissioners to proceed to Brownsthe first deveiopement of a scheme of the republicans agaton the Maw York CnSBrat aUUromt They have been laboring under UM»impression that the entire influ- enceofthatroadisthrownagainstthem,andforthe benefit of the democracy. Following on the oeels of this there will be a bill compelling railroad companies to issue passes to their stockholders to attendtMte, and investigate the origin of to* Corttoas disturb ances.Boston Items.BOOTO.X, Jan. 10,1860.Charles Elite, President of tbe Howard Bank, of this city, died yesterday, at his residence, iu Roxbury.thy sword into its place, for all tney that take tne swordBoth -bouses or tbe Legislature organised. In the Se- nate the following were the elections:—C L. C. Gilford, of Essex, President; Col. Ratterty, of Huntiugdon,Secretary;UaaarB Bcnnocos—-Tna NownncRnFT a ran PASS.—to view ofthe calamities which have resulted lately from tbe loose and insecure manner in which buildings are run u pJohn Brown tragedy. There is an unmistakable sym- pathetic feeling amongst the members of that party throughout the State. A t tout seven tenths of the repub-understand, is using all the funds of that league In ad- In tbe House a motion was made to exclude Mr. John- was originally intended to be a fire engine bean, bn* denying, at the same time, that he interned the nissni i nvancing tbe pro rata scheme, instead of the tax upon tbe son, of Passaic, from being sworn, on the ground of hav- what it resembleP, or after what precise style of arctote© of the citizens, but simply th e running off of slaves, tonnage orrailroads. The petitions circulated by the sou ing been convicted of conspiracy. This was allegedto beor that gentleman for the signature of the people do not constitutional ground. Tbe Clerk refused to allow all th« tore it is constructed, would probably panto tbe Stnet and, as such, uphold him in the act The sym- say one word in regard to the re-establishing of tolls upon motions made en the subject, and swore In Mr. Johnson antiquarians and archaeologists to determine. H moon pathy for him is so strong that " he that ronerailroads. That society have the pledges of a majority oT the New York delegation to favor of the scheme, and state that they will have them read to the Legislature if these members do not sand up to their pledges. A num- ber of the northern members are also in favor of it.It will thus be seen that there is a string combination for that measure, one that will give the railroad interests their bands fell to overcome. It will unquestionably be the important question .before this Legislature. Both houses have appointed special committees to consider tbe subject, and we shall soon have practical demonstrations of tne coarse tnat they will pursue. Petitions a r e still pouring in by the score from almost every section of the State.Attheeveningsessionlastevening,therewnapetitionpresented from citisens or New York, praying that thepresentlandingsorthenumeroussteamboatsplyingontheSound and East river be removed from their present lo-cations, to some place above the foot of Grand street, forthe reason that the passage of large steamers throughthe most crowded portions of tbe But and North rivers is fire test night The main building containing sixty ma-highly dangerous that the excessively crowded state of chines, is a totol wreck, and three hundred persons aretbe lower part of Broadway is, in a very great degree, thrown out of employment The Ion is about twenty- ties of the city of New York, held at the Cooper Instituteunder protest Mr. A. H. Patterson, of Monmouth, was demned on all sides as s dangerous structure, haste to elected Speaker, and D. D. Bteuvelt, or Essex, Clerk. tumble down about tbe beads of ptssers by at any mo- They a r e democrat. E . A . Acton, (Am.) was elected ment, and everybody, so far as we have heard, except tbeEngrossing Clerk;' Wm. H. Rhodes, (Am ) Assistant I n firemen, whom nothing can appal, >shuns its proximitymay read." Certainly, the honorable Senator could not have mingled largely with the inhabitants of this State without discovering this fact Hundreds of tbe photo- graphs have found their way here—which, I take it, is a practical demonstration in bis favor—paying for them one dollar each. The sews agents are also ordering the cheap copies sold by the newsboys in New York, for which theygreasing Clerk,aad John Y. Hoagland, (Am.) Doorkeeper. The Americans voted with the democrats, and for thiswith unfeigned terror. Tbe front of the building exhi- bits a very perceptible convexity, which did not come within t h e designs o f the architect, a n d a glance a t the roof also shows a bend in the centre, indicating a most uncertainand defective foundation. Judge Welsh,receivedtbe minor offices.Pennsylvania.HABJUBBUBG, P a., Jan. 10,1860.elected R. J. Iloldman and George Bowman delegates to the State Convention, with instructions to support the Hon. Jacob Fry, of Montgomery comity, for governor.from tbe City Hall, refuses to occupy any portion of thisplace as a court room, having a very strong regard forthe first law ot human nature—self preservation. Tbemattercallsforinstantaction,inasmuchasthenewsteamengines are being fitted in their intended portion or the sympathy for bim, and, on the contrary, assert that hieCapital stoskLoans and discountsDeposits Circulation>.C .A .P l r c 1st D a n c a n n o n , P a . DraCAKKon,Pa.,Jan.10,1800.Potlttcs.Tbe Democratic Ceunty Convention met to-day, and who is on tbe lookoutfernew quarters since his departure are receiving orders ahead. His likeness is thus findingcourseiscondemned bytherepublicans. There isnot, however, an out-and-out republican press in the State but has shown a decided feeling in favor of the hero, as he ie called. ,On last Sunday the pastor of the Congregational church ofthiscitypreachedastrongsermonuponBrownandhis canre, holding bim ap n one of the great men of the age, and as being the most remarkable man of the nineteenth century. Hissermon wasnotof theIff. Cheev«r stamp,or rather less of the out and-outabolitionists' coloring. Those qualified tojudge in the matter pronounce it as a reflection of the wnttments of a large majority of the republicans of this State. He took his text from the 28th chapter of Matthew, 61st and 52d verses-—"And behold one of themTrue F. Young, an old offender, has been arrested in will be received and attended to promptly. To enable allThe extensive nail factory owned and conducted by Messrs Fisher, Morgan h Co., of Philadelphia, at Duncan- non, fifteen miles above Harrisburg, was destroyed bybuilding, andthemembers ofEogineCompanyNo.42 will, doubtless, take possession of their apartments in s few days, unless prevented by the authorities.Heavy Robbery.FRANKFORT, Jan. 10,1860.Whithere,Tbe Marietta and Cincinnati Railroad. CHimoomnt, O., Jan. 10,1800.A decree h a s been issued for the sale o f the Marietta and Cincinnati Railroad for the benefit of the third mort- gage bondholders.Tbe Sailing of tbe Canada. BOSTON, Jan 10,1860.The steamship Canada's mails will close at nine o'clock to morrow morning, but she will not sail until about noon. Despatches liled in the telegraph office, No 21 Wall street,THE BEHZVOLXKTSOCIKTIBS OFTHE Cirr.—At a meeting of the Board of Deputies of Benevolent and Emigrant Socie-Mr.and Lexington Railroad, bad his overcoat stolen from theCapitol House last night It contained six drafts for ment of interest on moneys due from the purchasers of State for him, equal to that manifested in New England.Flour unchanged.CTU declined: sales 3,000 bushels yellow at 76cOatsof health, at bis house, No. 174 Hudson street, was in such a critical condition last evening that his death was hourly expected. Almost every hope of his ultimate recoveryhas disappeared^ _ _ _ — .they,will be satiated wtth any other good man.The wheat crop e f this Bsate, although oaly about an average one, proved in qoabty to be superior to that raised in any former year, aad has nearly relieved the farmersof their toetebtedsen. Tney, as a cten, have to sate State; bat the merchants of the towns andcities are still sunertng SBStorthe nrsssare ef the times, most of then obtaining46c.Whiskey dull at t6c. a 27c.Political Intelligence.Superintendent o f tbe Covingtoncounty. The committee in tbe Senate plainly shows the New York, n as to reach here by 11 A. M., will be sent this object, and through tbe munificence or the Messrs. anxious to liberate from slavery, under the doctrine thatcorporation tendencies of that body. In fact, different kinds of corporations axe well represented in both branches o f t h e Legislature, pointing with a n unerring certainty to an attempt to enact all manner of schemes in a corporated capacity.out in her.Appkton, Mason Brothers, Lockwood & Co. and other publishers, has succeeded in getting together a very fair selection of standard works, consisting of about 300 volumes, wherewith hid men may be amused and instruct- ed in hours of leisure, and even while on duty at the sta-al I men were created equals.Tbe nigger question is the stock in trade of the opposi-tion politicians in this State. The discussion at Washing- ton upon tbe Harper's Perry tragedy and Helper's book is daily strengthening them and increasing their prospects of succen in i860. The leaders assert that Congress is nowWeatfeer Report, &c.MONTREAL, Jan. 10,1860.Weather mild and rainy. Thermometer 40 degreesbers of the Legislature and representatives or the press for above zero. A good deal of water on the ice. The cran- tion. The library case, which is ornamented with a carv- doing more for the republican cause in the NorthwestGovernor Morgan has sent special invitation to the mem- to-morrow evening.ing opposite the city reported bad.At a meeting of ward delegates yesterday, BenjaminHolmeswasnominatedfortbe Mayoralty.Deatb of a Hercbant. ALEXANDRIA, Va , Jan. 10,1860.Mr. William Fowle, one or the oldest and most re spected merchants or this city, died on Sunday lasting of the Holy Bible and the ubiquitous American eagle, wtis constructed b y two policemen belonging to th s pre- cinct, and is really a creditable piece of workmanship. Besides the "Book of Books," there arc several sacred volumes among t h e collection, an occasional perusal of which might perhaps have the effect of benefitting moral- ly some of the men under Captain Steers' command.FIRE IN AVERTS A—Between three and four o'clock yesterdaymorningafireoccurredinthe tenement build- ingNo.184avenueA. Itoriginatedinthepremisesof John Wood, on the third floor, and before the flames were extinguished tbe furniture was damaged to tho extent of $40; no insurance. The building is owned by Wm. Mc&vay. It is damaged about $200, and In insured in the United States Insurance Company.FrsRRAL or THE LATR UEITRNANT GEORGE WASULVOTOMMAT.—The funeral o f t h e late Lieutenant George Washtegton May, who died on last Sunday evening, after athan all the republican press combined h a s done m tbe last four years. Helper's book is having an extensive cir- culation; hundreds are reading it that would have never beard ot it bad it not been for the dteoonion in Congress. Some of the booksellers in the leading towns of tbe West have had the book upon their shelves ever since 1S57, but found no sate for it; but since the meeting of Congress they have been unable to supply Uie demand Bnb demo- cratsandrepublicansare calling Tryit,andthenunable tofindcopiestopurchase aretryingtoborrow.Maay of tbe republicans denounce the members of Congress for backing out of the endorsement of the work, considering it, as they do, a great benefit to them.The coming Presidential contest, from the present iadi cations, will be conducted In this State upon the ''irre- pressible conflict'' style. The dear people will be daily informed by tbe different orators upon all the important points in the nigger's organization, from his woolly bead down to his toe nail; the number of Hoggings that be re- ceives every, twenty-four hours, and the amount of •'homo-NEW YORKLEGISLATURE.Mr. RABBET, (rep.) in presenting petitions for aid to theStocks dullroad, 19?„;10,'i; Pennsylvania Railroad, 37,«.•severe six months illness, will take place this morning ny" he is allowed at each meat In abort, the infernal from the Reformed Dutch church, corner of Twenty first nigger will be the Alpha and Omega of ail toe oppwmdn street and Sixth avenue. The deceased w n a gallant speeches, studied and braced by quotations from Helpers soldier, who distinguished himself greatly in the MexicanExchaegeeo New York par to 1 10 per cent premium. NJCW ORLKA.\H, Jan 10, 1860.Cotton—Sales to-day 6,500 botes. Arabia's sews un- settled the market, rendering prices easier , b u t n o t q u o tably lower, sterling exchange, 7 a 7 ^ per cent pre mium; with bills of lading attached, 6Jf a 7 per cent Exchange on New York, sixty days, 2»4' a 8 per cent dis- count; do. at sight, >£ a % per cent discount"Impending Crisis."MOBILB, Jan, 9, I860.Cotton firm, with an imptoved demand: sales 2,600 bales will doubtless tarn out in respect to bis memory.TBS LaosISTSBSSXAXDrat OJ-POHTION.—ThePhiladelphiaSeveral important bills were noticed—among others, KorthAmencan contends that the iron interest extends General Houston met w l t b [ * ? TM J ^ i ? f o l ' r f % extenriOTi from tone to time, until at length, unable to beabylawfortheliquidationoftheStatedebtBy Mr MAsrsBSOir, (dem)—To amend the Metropolitan •^MitssSaBi I n WBy Mr. BBOAB (dam.)—TO erect Highland county.|Toamendtbedivorcelaws.creek Hiscarriasewasoverturned, andtne angers « kiogeraoorimmodated, aadinterest atanenormousratethrough all tho Central States, including much of the terri-tory on the Ohio, and says:—" It will be suicidal Tor theopposition party to other States to neglect its wishes, and acompulsoryseparationfromatreetradedivisionoftbe brokehiseating ap then-profits, many of them have been oompel«ryearfertbemer- obanteof thteStetetogetthemnlvnuponagood footingSOLDOn TOTHE DBMOCRATS—Itis reported to Means Patrick Brogan, who kept a porterhouse at No. «1 WiUett tlirougtVt^^^aaSTnuToVt^n will probably have jflUwfaB • apaswj WWiewSB» lsMa» •hasp sswwswj ssnW sssnBswSSspsis)iWa*» a v that Govern* Ham Medarybn purchased the l>srree»e street, died in the New York Hospital on Monday after tofoUow IThVlaaosn aad Milwaukee, whose hatory.theUntitled Documentavito,MrftbsthodonBnkmmof.Pa., papers ,« Bradford,Pa., pa;nat week of the Boa. Prsstoa from Now York, and Ben. Senator from Michigan, onobject of their minion was• - * * * * * * t - • »C. Bronson, t b e n e w Corporation Counsel, doubtless, give them the Deceasary attention.w h owill,A LIBRARY FOR THE THIRTKESTH WARD POLICE —A very good work has been started by Captain Steers, at the Thir- teenth ward station house, in establishing a library for the use and benefit of tbe members of the Police Depart ment under his immediate control. T b e worthy captain has worked earnestly for some time back to accomplishwar at the battles of Palo Alto, Reeaca de la Patau, Uerro Gordo, tbe taking of Monterey and the siege of Vera Cruz. In compliance with tbe dying request of Lieutenant May, the Scott life Guard will act aa a military escort, andIn Presidential preferences the republicans are de- cidedly for Senator Seward, at least ntee-tentes of tbem. Be will receive the delegates from tea «ate who will stand by him trom first to test, and will retectently taketicket, who are about one-fourth of the^rman popula- tion of the State, are, to a man, tor Seward. The nomtea_ uon of General Scott by the New York Union neettog IS severely denounced by the teaders to the opposition ofthai State. ^. . ._^__ . Douglas will undoubtedly receive the stetosates »'esn Wiscousin to tbe Charleston Convention, sfehoagn tney Heur first Wheat firm: sales 30,000 bushels white at adjoining, completely demolishing it Mrs Connolly and will not be as strenuous for him M tho detegatei wouldBAumosB. Jan, 10,1860.$1 SO a $146; red, $126 a $190. Corn doll and on- a man and woman employed on the premises were se-ffihasffoflWh wars broken ^^rfetocatod.*...„«»». oeneral r'nilflne, of Massachusetts, a n t wtth «^m^ioB^BondayfeBo-teo. He fell on the ice andtedtoyield to the prea having found that theirand have gone into liquidation,has in one respect proved bened of the towna to feedriven the jTM***?TM* selhng goods •* B Jj*a acaright""J *X few w« e<e*k•s mas* h* broke his 1andproprietors,for thecandi- SeaninKoxunry,Man. »;,:->»•>heads at will take at IAresolution thatthe clergy be invitedto pray inthe against those representing free trade." ,_ _» Srxros WHILE LIBBBIMI rsBBB DsLmrrB TRKRENS.— ""TBO railroads ef Wteconsin have most of then goatbefore C>roner deceased w a slis way into every nook and corner of the State. One class of the republicans—the more conservative, of which Mr. DoolitUe is the representative—deny that there ie anyw w*cparties who were buyingmmmmn-| m Watervhet, as one of the delegates, was unanln* Therewasalivelyand(jxnlting frbsn, fcjfjaglTtoThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ji passes through tbe best gram grown, sections of toe ».._..•»«••• »..«».,- «-...».»i*BSi '^SBBBi ' •***• see** e*t»4<« MBiBs-aSBtattm «is#tl**'Mwww.fultonhistory.com 