 NEW YORK HERALD.seager* andItr..410 insjMtcie T^*^ ^*'*> anile*' yewtfrday for I«iverpool, vnth IM- passengers sadtii'7,&37inspecis.Thecottonmarketeoottru .1dull,usl salesw '-elimit- party Conventions will cease to divideand ralgeniusandrefrainfromimitation. edt" •m<-399*M«bide*atHnchangrdprice*. Westilltheir nJvafenJ A H K It U U E D O Inimm ANDpiUHituffot.asrvW to be performed according to the schedule pre proUtfea for thr Irish and Germans." The one, if vtetA. scribedinthecontractwith theIsabel, andtheIsabel rioos,wouldplaceabovetheIrishsodCtermanf! a*thaw Usetotobepaidforservicealready actually performed. doatthisdayta Maawminnlta, socially sad potntaS..t *. W, cvnyan of KASSAO AXO rcuws ST*.o* :AMOUAI.WAXABOUT"TO**T."—Greatoaks,rr.HMB.P\tkliftasmsw«•» ^riirVr OAU r MMMAID *—TBI WMMXir KMBAJJ),•tit b a r (A*aware that the moat serious political and social Mr. TBEMSVU. thought that tM s amendment wouldcomplications arise from sources o f apparent in- jeopardize the bill m taw Beam. A s that body had re- they g o , pell nu-li, o u t tat.monw.at t h e Peelers e o n sJrO JrwTVCWsnaBM**.?'Wt s*^anaWnte*Mf 4JOB rmiMTIK*holnsne XXV.H e is made by the journalisticAMI'8RMK>TJ*TOMOBROWEVKMINOi* .BU>»S ©ABDSX. Bn*Bw»;.-J*rA*u* BAIX. hOWKSY THKATBS, Sewerj -Jaaeii- -VILLAGERS—TWOobservanceofthe Sabbath-—the argumentsin favoroftheCommittee'sviews possessinginA message wasreceived from thePresident oftba UnitedStates,dated to-day,stating that therewasso communication between t h e Atlantic and Pacific StatesvTjrrrii ©APTMEX, Broadway, etY<*a* Boo<l «***<*•—»>«* ruFutien. _Postmaster reasonable abolished.General t o make a contract with themo n b e1>rtU KW»ri»TiniAT»«. Wo • * Br«d«j.-Q0W« l^Toa-Oa||^»arA*BBa Sas**»t.KRW soWKKT TH«ATRK. B*wery.-B*i*nseea-ruAM- ec-a-aovs Ten* »•***»r u r v m r a SILICAS" M0RKCM, Broadway.—Day M »Ve«ta£^. Ia*« Oo^'*-UviW CVBMSIIIBB,Ac.US gAJilV MlbHTBKLh. M w u ^ V Hall, 4fl * * i ^ ' ~ ficsLmsnt, S«*as» DANCB*. Ac -Sca*s» AT FASWsosOWa.IKMrLK o r MAGIC. 441 Broadway,-Sowzsrt F ANTAS- T.43B »* P»*r. JSOftM AN*GeSUN arSU.MTLTThe Baltimore R u m p Convention—The Woanlmnttoaa o f Douglas—The Pro*poet.Ihe nomination of Mr. Douglas yesterday bythe Northern rump of the Baltimore Conventioncreatednosurpriseinthisquarter,fortheeventbad been regarded aa a foregone conclusion, withthe secession, o f the Southern States. There i snothing, however, very consoling to the friendsof the "Uttle Giant" in thecircumstancesat-tending this nomination. Thewholeelectoral rich,whoc»iselecttheirowntimeforpleasure,The message was referred.TBX roar omev. nancuyev saxNATIONAL CONCERT SALOON, »*Uui*l rk v •• r>**CES, BaEiXUBE*, Ac.Theatre.—-t o* njoy the luxury of a cushioned pew in churob, and the pleasurable excitement of listening to a sensation preacher; b u t they would debar the poor from the enjoyment of nature, as she oflbrs it to them in the green fields, the shady woods, and the cool breezes of the country.VR»>N.'H THEATRE A lt Rro*dw.y-Ho©t*» A CAMP 'MurlftBI W Eiaior:\5 EwTSsiAiaasMS, AC.C >RNBR OF THTRTBKXTH 3TRKKX AND FOURTH A VKNUR,-€*uro»*u MS*AOR*IB.f AI.ACI GARDEN. Fourteenth atml—PaonxNAns Cos- l i r t AS* W o n DAHSAIITEvote of thb rnmp Convention voting for a Presi- dential candidate was,--tOMCtRT HALL. >«««^-^«>-1 ^"^ V«5J* ' I a Ho*<3«. Busrsa Rvaxaaavss, Ac.—JarAJraaa T m t r .Vara, »*•*•*• Smmm *•• a t r ^Tlao Mwara.TLe apllt In the Democrat!© Ct»Y*?^5tl kt Balti- •tcre waa parfected yoat«saV^( ^ ^ both partiea fn eeiadtomaka^aiojitioBa.results, will give the reader the small fractions of the Christian religion is to extend blessings The Post Office Deficiency bill has failed in the Senate.of theSouthernvotefraternizing"forDouglas, and comfort to those who aredenied a To-nightthatbodyreconsidered thevotewherebyitre- storedthenailservicelastnight. Thenextquestionbe- and the several detachments of Northern dele- share in the material prosperity of the ing upon concurring with the House on the same amend-gates who operated against him. Substantially, world. The social condition of thousands in ment, the Senate non-concurred, and the bill ia defeated.private bills were passed, when the Senate Adjouru?* na'H MondayatnineA.M.Hnass of Representative*. WAsmxaroN, June S3, I860.THB AFRICANS CAFTCRKD BY THB BRITISH.On motion of Mr. BONHAM, (dem.) of S C , the President was requested to furnish the House at the next session all information that can be obtained as to the disposition by the British government of the Africans captured by the Britishnavy,andItsUispositionofthoofficersandcrewsof the slavers thus captured. • PSIYATB BILLS.Mr.Hatch'sreporton theCanadianreciprocitytreaty, made to the Secretary of the Treasury, was withheld from the House of Representatives by the latter officer, oa ac- count o f its severity against t h e treaty, until requested by the President to furnish it. lb-day the Secretary com- plied. Mr. El) 's recent speech In the House against th e treaty is s document quite as severe in its strictures a s the report of Mr. Hatch.Mr.Robinson,oftheOovode Investigating Committee, has agreed with the majority of the committee in their conclusion on the Lecompton question, and has also givesl l l I E T T iinffleaitisa£SQa4lSiK£Sa5wS gTowiajf out of Italian aflkirs, tt is aappoced that someoftheHouse,asrelatingtothisbillorsayamendment, but withdrew it.Mr. MASON, (dem) of Va.,said be was a party to the defeat of the Postal Deficirncv bill last year, and rejoiced at it. as it showed the condition of the postal service. If this bill is defective he hoped it would be defeated.Considerable debate here ensued relative to continuous session from to-day and after.Several votes were had when the hour for room ar- rived and before final action the Senate took a recess.KVBSINO sassiest. At six o'clock the Senate reassembled.Several House bills wire received and passed. in PAcmcnans/finishUietrfroHs. Soaill Itbe,saidthespeaker,with the black republicans and Amencsai; they n a y fight a s they please for the loaves and ashes, bnt the sansaant the Catholic or adopted citisen prefers his claims for his. constitutional right*, they strike a truce, unite their forces, and by a combined assault teaeb him the folly and the danger of relying upon say other organisa- tion than the national democratic parry lor their liberties aad rights. Mr. Barr jtehmeno,crawe parry for Anew libertiesben, after deprecating the diassn- stons in the democratic iaa overruling Providencreaink*, and fervently praying that <ce would harmonise s a d unite t h o two conventions shortly to aaeet, adjured aad begged hto Catholic and adopted faUow ritiseas to gird up their tolas and buckle on their armor Tor the approachnig contest, andbepreparedtolendtheirbeatcatrgkstotheasaaaWoftheprinciplesandmenthat will have thebroaden- dorsementofthenationaldemocraticpartyoftheUatoe. Mr. B. closed with a proper rebuke to Southern demeemtte representativesfortheir effort?toalienate thiscteasaf our fellow cit zens from support of the South, aad inti- mated that party obligation a n d State pride alike d e - manded that M r . Gamett's Americanism should have been refuted and denounced before this by some member of his own political ho-jsenoki.the speech, of which the foregoing is the substance, will, we learn, be largely circulated, especially ta th e North and West, by the national democratic committee.TUBpAcrm nan.ssavicx.sir. SmtBMAN, in response to the reeimmendation In th»President'* nnnanaa. asked leave to introduce s bill s a - tboriring an extension of the present contract far the mails between New York aud San Francisco via Panama, to the end of the next session.Mr. CCBTIS, (rep.) of fowa, and others objected.Mr. BLAIR, (rep.) o f Mo., spoke agaiust the ocean ser- vice. Themails could be carried overland dailyfor $800,000 per annum.Mr. CLARK, (A. L. dem.) of K. V , made an explana- tion.This Mr. PHKXHAN said satisfied him that the hill will not accomplish t h e purpose desired. H e withdrew t a n bill,whichMr.WWSLOW,(dem-) ofK. C.,adopted,aadmoveda suspension of the. rs'.r* to enable him to introduce it.Disagreed to—6« against 62. Ad>CAirbsd till Monday at atae o'clock.Our W a s h i n g t o nWssaaernir, /one i t , rearf&Ktafnto SSVWtdonotb y i sbeiag cmflaed n o t expected t ot o only producea portion o f a n y seriousftJW.1.lUuiU, end to**Wheat » a s ta goodThe fc^'mg ittheticketoftheNortherndemo* Southernrightsplatformwhichwillcarryalltheetaey:— Southern States that are not carried by the BellTr- President Stephen A. Doughvs, o f Illinois. and Everett ticket. This ticket has now a very Y\ - Vice Preaidrut.... Beujamin Fitzpalrivk, o Ala .m a. good prospect of carrying, not only Maryland,The tecedera, making 118 delegates, met and or*ajaQized by appointing Caleb Gushing to preside but Delaware, North Carolina, Tennessee, Ken- over their deliberations, assuming theirs to be the tucky, and even Old Virginia, which, thus far,consider it.regular National Convention of the democracy. The ticket nominated by the tecedera is as fol- lows:—John C. Breckinridge, of K y .has never failed as the Southern bulwark of the democracy.It is the general impression that the Seceders' Convention will nominate some such tickot a sIBB PACIFIC MAILS.The House went into Committee of the Whole on theThe Senate consumed most of the day in debating a re- resolution to appropriate three hundred thousand dollars to construct three war steamers to send to the coast of Africa to prevent the slave trade.Fur PresidentFor Vice Presidentagreed, by a handsome majority, to ratify the contract ofqnet" middling tipfcu;i3«at a!<*rtd W2*e. * tttfr. Ta«rc was baT'llJ «IOi%b UOiMf. lnumwrr to givr »Uir buiw forwrangle over the spoils and plunder, for the blowswhich these corruptassemblages have receivedatChicago and a*Baltimore will be the death of the whole system.THIS SABBATH COMMTITBR A X B THB SCSOATQTKSTICK.—TheSabbathCommitteeappeartobe spending a great deal of money on the publi-cation of documents setting forth their exclusiveand puritanical notions upon the Sunday ques-tion. They have been deluging the city witbpamphlets, which they have recently compiledin a volume for general circulation. These lighted the heart of Tartuffe himself. The document**presentafairshare ofallthathas youngandvolatileJapaneseboyispushedfor-been said for and against their idea of the due ward asa blind behind which the "unco gude"Mr. i'omuj., (dem.) of Ky. oSnred an amendment, the efleet ofwhichwasthe total sbolitfca ofthefrankingthe ebon shinned, Sat cosed, weoll) bended eis^er; the other,itsoereesful,woulddrivethem altogether out of the country with bowie knife andfaggot. Mr.Barr likenedthese two armies to the belligerent elans»bH sometime* hare s fight at s fair in the Old Country. At it•qwtit<ni,Andthewooktbrongbb«tiiMW*uaoBgthe dull >t uf tteaeaMM). Botk buyers and filers seemed .i'*pt:*dtotoldoffforlatwforeignadvieea. SbouUthe weatbar BOWbecome more favorable to tt» eropa in Eof land, wit* l e w ap»ffto»uiiw o f polittcal diatarbaaceatheysay,frontlittleacornsgrow,andweareall privilegeexcepttothosegrantedbyname. Considerabledebate followed.react-oa w'H be realtaed. The China war,erea iflirutr* led,iho coaat,dtMoibiUJce in the trade. Hour mm firmyesterday,aad In good demand, bat less active.reo,u."«t, but somwhat Ama buoyant for the common gTad«; thesales embraced parcelsfi>rhathmillingaad -xp.rt. Cora iras better, with a gowt demand and tohvirs tably ftw aatea. Pork »aa firmer,aith sale*ofnear meatattl*37a«§«•,««<*ne»primeatMSM%. H«arawere»v«dy, with Bale*ofiJMhhds.atateady prkea, Coiee was firm, withJimtted sales o f Rio a a d l*guayra. Freight engagements were -toady; among the anii-meats t o Liverpool were 34,000 boahete wheat, i s bulk, at TXd., and 3,000 bbte. flour at I s , » i . a Is. IOS'1., with some lota reported at 2a., a a d 2,000 boxee chaan, bystetimer, at 80s.; and to London, 3,000 boh. flour atjournalsintendtofightouttheirrelative claimstosanctimoniousness, Itisaveryprettyquar-quantitywhatperhapsanimpartialcriticwould relasitstands. Letusseehowitcomesout forthe transportation of the mails, oceanwiaa. TheAs il appears ,And the electoral vote U ^ trals was,M, "~ i«2seeders and1 neu-n iTHEPACIFIC MAIL * e . «Yc••SERVICE,Mtk :j. *'g the whole electoral vote of the Union,Pur Special Washiagtom Despatch. WASBWOTOH,June33,I860The Senate In refusing t o agree to the House will insist•"daskforaConferenceCommittee. TheCanadianMteiproc&nTreaty—C<mdea*mnitt«—aat».Joseph Lane, of OregonGreatenthusiasm prevailedinbothConventions Caleb Cushing andJefferson Davis. This,orembodied in the late resolutions of the United States Senate on the slavery question, will com- mand the bulk of the democratic popular vote of the Southern States, and a sufficient vote, perhaps, in every otherwise doubtful NorthernState, to leave Mr. Douglas in the exact position ofVan Buren in 1848—without a solitary electo- ral vote to compensate him for all his troubles.On the other hand, in the border slave States, where a portion o f th e democracy are pretty strongly tinctured with that sort of free aoilismrot wagefromthe President vetoing the Homesteadbill. The President says the small sum naked for take away from the Southern democratic ticketmilitary duty, and the Secretary of War will proceed a s before to complete the water works in defiance of the act of Congress, which is believed to be unconstitutional.THR ranrmrti sciuuc.The bill to create a printing establishment has been signed by the President, but it is said he will remove Mr. Hart, the present Superintendent of Public Printing, who is designated as one of the parties to purchase a buikling and material, fearing that Air. Hart would give thepreferenceinthepurcnasetoMr.Wendell. Theonly answer to this in that Mr. Wendell does not at present ownposed by many to be a veto of the Civil bill.Mr. SHERMAN, (rep.) of Ohio, hurriedly moved, whichwas agreed to, that Mr. Edwards have leave to print his speech, and the committee rose. 'The message was read. It recommends an alteration of the existing law, in order that the Postmaster General nmv provide for carrying the Pacific Ocean mails on terms reasonable and just, several companies and shipowners declining to perform the service for the compensation to which the department is now restricted.The disappointment was general, and all ra.- smiles anil laughter.SPXBCB O f THOMAS J. BARK. ThoHouseagainwentfntoSMSJnittee.Mr. BARK, (clem.} of N. Y ., arm that at au earlier pe-UHUSI cloaiug proceedings the meetings adjournedm-rie die.There are now no teas than fire Presidentialtickets in thefield,as follows:—Black republican Abraham Lincoln, of HI. Northern democracy Stephen A. Douglas, o f 111.Southern aeeeaaion democracy..J. C. Breckinridge, of Ky. National Union John Bill, of Tenu.John Brawn abolitwu Gerrit SmitU, of N. Y. Aadhninot«nHkely that Sam Houston will yet be aominsted as an independent democratic candi-date.In Coogrosa yesterday the Senate received asented by the toiler and worker with hand and brain, and human nature as represented by the Sybarite and sensualist, alike. Filth avenue nature demands them as a relief from ennuithe public lands by the bill—twenty five cents per acre and a credit offiveyears—is equal almost to a donation, and that Congress has no right to give •way the public domain to States or individuals. Furthermore, aside from the constitutional objec- tions, the bill is unjust to old soldiers whoholdvotes enough, beyond a doubt, to givethose States to John Bell. And so, if the elec-tion be thrown into the House, Mr. Douglas willuot be the third highest candidate, but Bell will be the man.wo houses.shielded them from wanton attack o n this tioor o r else- with t h e architect o f t h e Capitol extension where. He did not wish to add to the confusion and dis- lor U;e delivery of all the marble necessary order that characterized the early weeks of the session b y or t h e exterior work o f t h e Capitol, t h e colnmos'.nichia 303 ThefirstprincipleofChristiancharityistoins forty oeT ceui. w w P*8**1-to] Extmtion Contract—Le&r cf Secretary Floyd—*mU-day by every cheap and available means, andformer, if single, from having the benefit of the when the session expires. In that event the the baser excitements of the grogshop and the Several private bills were passed.Americans and foreigners, by prohibiting the question will come up, till the 4th of March,NEW YORK HERALD,SUNDAY, JUNE 3 4 , 1860.willbereducedtotheconditionofpoorFierce,rommercialgreatness,anditwillwinfernspre- leaiizgtcjUi*dfscmion ofthePostmastarCentra!,the eminence in art if our sculptors and painters same &t under the existing law. to dteenuthwie or curtail the service. Me » directed to advertise tor prosesala forfromtheencroachmentsofRomanism**aad in the next succeeding election his partywDlbesweptaway. Thenthesescandalous ealycontinuetofollowthebentoftheirnatu- carryiagthemailbetweenCharlestonandKeyWest,the "TheMassachusettsaatendnsentandtwenty-sawdecree the arguments against them contain in quality, in Christian charity, and in common1 sense.The Sabbath Committee lay great stress upon the running of railroad trains on Sunday as sub-Postmaster General had offered this mail to the steamship companies, b u t owing t o t h e large letter mail overland they had declined to take it. They demanded a higher rate o f compensation, and unless power was given As theversivestrongpoorer classes o f the community to escape from the temptations o f the metropolis—the crowd, the beat, t h e agony o f confinement within a Bastile of brick and mortar upon that day which the Creator himself set apart for rest and recrea- tion. They are wtfH'ng enough to afford theo f morals. objection t oThey appear permit t h et o have a humble a n dWas resumed, and the amendment abolishing that frank- ing privilege considered.Mr. Mason hoped it would be adopted.Mr. Powxu. took the same view.Mr. Wnsow, (rep.) of Mass., thought the hue and cryabout the abolition of the franking privilege was started by the New York papers. He did not believe it would reduce the coat of mail transportation much. He would be glad to be relieved of the burden of this franking pri- vilege, although he did not think the people were in fever of its abolition.The amendment was disagreed to as follows:—YSAS—Meters. Bragg. Crittenden, Davte, Fttoh, rttxgatrick, Gwin,Huuter,Iverson,Johnson,ofTenneaaee,Lane,BsUory, Pearoe, Poweh, BJeejSebasuan, Thomson. Wtjfan-47.NAT*—Messrs. Anthony. Bayerd. Brown. Chandler, Clark, Feasenden, Foot, Venter, Green, Hale, HamMn. Harlan, Hemp- bill, King, LsihamjPolk, Push, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Kyck, Trumbufi, Wade, Wuaau—St.A vols was then taken o n agreeing to the amendments of the House biu, including restoring the inland mail ser- vice, which was sot agreed to. Yeas, 18; nays, 21.bill, while the foreigner, without being the head power of the House over the subject expires, of a family, is given those privileges. Thebill andtheman from the two highest candidates draws partial distinctions between pre-emptors, andthe spirit of the Sabbath Committee, have pre- the general provisions of the bill as passed, the President privileges of American citizenship, and sporting ill-timed t-t rijition of stone of 800 per cent. It has been offered iu dent by the Senate, will become the President sented the Liquor Dealers' Association, under says that the small sum asked for lands per acre, twenty- and ungenerous witticisms at the memory of the two explanation of this proceeding that this enormous in-seriously affects the revenue from the public lands. from the people, who may be elected Vice Presi-Thequestionwastakenonthepassage ofthebill,notwithstandingthePresident'sobjections,andthe oftheUnitedStates. Itfollows,then,thatif theRevisedStatutes,forconspiringtocommitfivecents,andcreditfor five years,equalalmosttoa do- braveIrishadoptedcitizens who firstfell in defending creaseofpriceforthe small stone wastoenable these Harper'sFerry,thegentleman'sown.State,fromthefa- contractorstoprocuremonolithicshaftsforthecolumns,veto ofthePresident was[sustained. Thevotestood 28 to 18, two-thirds of the rotes cast beingrequiredtopaasthebillovertheveto. ThePostOfficeDeficiencyAppropriationbillwasthentaken theSouthernoranti-Douglaa democraticcandi- op,andalongdebateensuedonthepropositiontoing democratic constituencies, unite iu these assaults partufthesupplemental contract,ar.d modified onlyas with those whomake warupon Romanismon tothesizeandpriceoftheblock*.express democracy. W e con- The Friendly Canadian Society of St. John the gratulate the American people that this corrupt and demoralized party o f juggling and swin- dling spoilsmen, with political vagabonds and vagrants as its managers, has at last been broken to pieces from their quarrels over the spoils. For the last twenty-five years we have been laboring for a sweeping' re-son,»» we find the London Aihenceumre-echoing these opinions in more qualified land had beeu reduced over one dollar during actual set- asserted by Martin Luther, and resulting in as many United Stabs for stone to construct the United matestlement. The graduation act was an answer to this. forms of lYotcstanism as there were eyes in Argus—the Capitol. In constrwctuig this " great national monument" but scarcely less flattering terms. After stating The question was then put that the bill pass, the objec- Episcopalians, Methodists, Lutherans, Presbyterians, Bap- I will not willingly become partieept crimittu in makingBaptist caUbrased toe eleventh anniversary of their organisation last eveningstthe Apollo Booms, Broadway, with an excellent anpper aad a numberthatthesceneryissovigorouslyrenderedthatEnglish artists who are timid about painting upto the tint of nature, even in these pre-Raphael-tions o f t h e President notwithstanding, and i t was not passed,two-thirdsnotvotingtherefor,asfollows:—A Tts-Measra. Anthony, Brown. Chandler. Clark, DooUttle, Durkee, Kewenden. Ftetirootfcjoeter, Own», Hale, Hamlin. Harlan, King, Lane. Latham. Nicholson, Pofk, Pugh, Rice, wS>^a!a v m K t < *"" Eyck- Trumbu11. Wade, wukinsonltists, Quakers, Shakers, Ate., were introduced a s com it a monumental folly. With a continent to choose from, ponentpartsofAmericanProtestantism,orthe"Pro- Americanenterpriseandingenuityoughttobeableto•esches. Monsieur Pranchere, t h e PrasliiiBl of the Association, n c - r, and M. BachJUar, the French aoted aa secretary. Asaong the othertcstanism o f this land," and. Mr. B . again asked, which ofallthesewastheobject ofthogallantcrusader'spro- tecliotvr Mr. B. regretted that so valuable a coadjutor as the "Angel Gabriel" should have been lost 'o so good » cause in the transport prisons of Deinarara, and then pro-find sosocthmg capable of.gratifying oar simple rcpubltcasIn m y humble judgment w e have about as? mnca ot "classic Itsly" in o u r "noble structure" as is needful at present, or consonant to public taste; and if Americas material, skill and art shall foil short of nuking this structure etroal to theCoUiacum or tho Vatican, we still alall nave th e consotetion to know that the edifice w u mark the people aad this age, anH may constitute a nots blepointfrom which to dale theprogressofimprove- ment,when,atsomefutureperiod,theworksofanAme rican Phldtes or Raphael may decorate our specioui aaas and teftv porticoes with statuary and paintings not jar noosing,'tobesure,thatpatriotic spiritwhichcharacterof L'Epoque, M. ftnumber ofothers.volution in our political parties. Wehailedthe beginning ofthis revolution in the downfall anddispersionoftheoldwhigpartyin1852; we accepted the dissolution of the senselesssometribute:—"It isafineandpromising sign •Wrfau!Yule\£'l&of the healthiness o f a young school like thatoftheUnitedStates,thatwhileitcannotbede-t h i s P r e s i d e n t i a l c o n t e s t b e t h r o w n i n t o C o n - gress, the House will fail to make an election in thebriefintervaltothe4thoiMarch,andthata n a c t i n j u r i o u s t o p u b l i c h e a l t h , p u b l i c m o r a l s , and so forth. This is more folly. The Crand Jurymight,withasmuch reason,andperhaps morejustice, present theSabbath Committeen a t i o n , a n d h e t h e r e f o r e c o n t e n d s t h a t C o n g r e s s h a s n o powerto give awaythepubliclands toStatesorindivi- duals. This opinion he expressed in the veto of the Agri- culturalCollegebill, andtheargumentheusedthereap- plied with greater force to this case. There was more of considerationintheformercase,butowingtothelatei i a l i c a l i n v a s i o n o f J o h n B r o w u . F r a t e r n i z a t i o n , s a i d M r . Harr,withtheenemiesofSoutherninstitutions,mightbe accounted for in Northern democrats, though the speaker woulduotpardonit;butwhenhonorable representatives from Southern States, elected as democrat-, aud represent-w h i l s t c e r t a i n l y , t o s e c u r e IULS e n d , t h e p h ^ o f $ 5 0 0 o r *600forthecolumnsinsix pieces wasraised to $1,409 for Uio-e. of a single block.Byexpressstipulation theoriginalagreement,withallits provisions and specifications, was roadopted, and madePresident to communicate to Congress, at its next the republicans should strike a bargain tended had a marked individuality—is begis-Southerners fight their own battles against the common enemy with whom, on this question, Uteychoose to make common cause. But, continued Mr. B., we do not mea- sure our justice nor our democratic orthodoxy b y the short coming* and political obliquities o f individual members, especially when w e behold their colleagues around u sSession, whether information can be obtained rela- tive to the disposition of Africans captured by British cruisers; also, the disposition made of the officers and crews of the slavers captured. A numberofprivatebillswerepassed. ThePresi- dent sent in a message recommending an altera- tion of the exiting law, in order that the Postmas- ter General may provide for carrying the Pacific •cean mails on tanas reasonable and just—several companies and shipowners declining to performwiththeSouthern opposition—athingwhichit will be very difficult to bring about; and once in the Senate, the result will be as w e have describedit,unlessEdwardEverettshould come forward as the second highest Vice Presi- dential candidate.But to carry the election into the House thirty-one votes o f the Northern States must b e takenawayfromtherepublicanticketNewning to be properly appreciated abroad. The knowledge that foreign connoisseurs possessed of American works was extremely limited untilV'>nccordaacewiththePresident'ssuggestion,butMr. byajointstockelectoralticketofthepartiesHorace P . Clark made an explanation, which con- Wincedthechairmanthatthebfllwouldnotaceom- ptish the purpose desired, and he accordingly with- drew it. A second eJbrt to bring forward the bill eras defeated by a vote offifty-sixto sixty-two.The Japanese visited the HJOULB office and va- rious other places yesterday, and were out shop- ping as asnal. An account of their visits and vis- iters, a sketch of their hotel liflf, and further partic- ularsInregardtothegrandban to-morroweven- ing wffisofoundlaanothercolumn.opposed t o Lincoln. The prospect, however,foranysuchjointstockcombinationisdimanddubious. The shortest way to a rational con-clusion is from the assumption that, under th ecircumstance?, the elements o f opposition t othe republicans will be frittered away. Lincoln they had made in technical excellence. In because they, having paid one dollar and twenty-fivewill thus b e o a r next of the electoral votes.We overPresidentb y amajoritycents per acre, and this bill allowing tt t o b e purchasedfor twenty-five cents per acre by those that followed them,would cause these old settlers to come to Congress claim-ingtherefundingofthedollarpaidinexcess. ThePresi- thefavoredsect. Somehumorousremarkswereherein- tew,thepurchaseofItalianmarble.deut in this message had thus stated that the price of tho dulged in s t the expense of that rfehi of private judgment I could n o t consent t o g o beyond the limits o f t o ehave s o regrets, t h e broken downmeantime, t oaownnigpartyfromKUin.hiiu..*_•_hem hieakshatteredidolofKnowNothingismhadafootholdinher borders. Mr.Barrthenaddressedsemesotradarolwhole some words of artw^ft*"" aad counsel to his CsthsUc and foreign born fellow citizens B e told them that tuelrdientservant. *>HMa.FLOYD.Secretarymtwar. Hen Cabala* B. TWAIN, Chairman Cosomittee on rwWKlager bier saloon will soon be abandoned.We perceive that the Grand Jury, acting inwas delivered b y Hon. Mr. Gurnett, o f Virginia, stigma-bill was received and read at length. After reviewing tizing foreign born citizens as ignorant and unfit for the five e,enls per foot—an increase in price for all this de-date for Vice President will, in all probability, for conspiring to establish a religious oligarchy. hour of the session he will not review those views. It one side, and upon foreign born citizens oa In the original agreement, the contractors. Rice, Baird restore the mail service discontinued by the Post- become the President. Nothing can result from such action on the part must be admitted, as a general proposition, that Congress the other,* merely because the latter are generally K tie. buer, bound themselves to deliver these columns iumasterGenerallastyear. TheSenate refusedtoIn any event, therefore, Mr. Douglas has be- of the Grand Jury but to lessen the efficacy ofdoesnotpossessthepower todonate moneytoStatesor individuals, and this would b e the case in giving awaydemocrats,and,from'theirnature,can'tbeanythingelse, it is time tor democratic representatives of the free States to a=k themselves the question, who are those with whomthreeyears from thedate ofthe contra,t. Theyre. afllrmed this undertaking in their supplemental agree- ment. Eight years have elapsed, and still the contractor*restore, and thus the bill has failed, unless the ac-tionoftheSenateiareversedoaMondaymorning. comeanegativequantityinthiselection.He thatbodyincorrectingevilsandsuppressing themeansofthepublicrevenue.Theadvocatesofthis weareworking?Whataretherealprinciplesofthat hivenotfinishedasinglecolumn.And,asfarasthisThe bill embraces appropriations to the amount o f may operate t o carry t h e contest into t h ecrimes which militate fearfully against the morals and peace of the community.bill supported it under that clause of the constitution which says that Congress shall have power to dispose of the public lands; but he did not read those words toSouthern party for whom we have soflered so mach, os trucisrd, in many instances crushed at home by a people who fed no other Interest in the peculiar institutions of the South than tiiat prescribed andfixedby the commonDepartment is informed, not one blow has been struck tu- < w trds compljting with their engagement to furnish them.Ibey liavemot only violated their contract, but they•13,000,000, and it is not unlikely, should it fail al- together, that the President will call an extra ses- sionofCongress.House; but there he will have only one vote, that of Illinois, resulting from his present ma-jorityoffivetofourinthatdelegation.The Itisgratifyingtofindthatourschoolofland- jections, thebill wasunjust tooldsoldierswho likeme,saidMr.B.,representconstituenciesmaintycoin tytocomplywithit.OntheSOthofMay,1859,theysail,significance. Of such character is the war new goingonbetweenthehypocritesofthedaily press as to the amorous adventures of the enfant g&tt ofthe Japanese Embassy, the redoubtablejected the proposition it would defeat this bill. in Bight they sponsnaooosry strike a truce, iota Mr. MAIXORY, (dem.) of Ft*., rafted the point of order hands, and nan their ooanaaa enssny, the Pasters."Tommy."Mawworms the text whereon to hang certain homilies of a character which would have de-aanansavavanFailure o f t h e Post Office Defi- ciency M i lProspect of aa Extra Session of Congress.VETO OF THE HOMESTEAD BILL.The Veto Sustained by the .Senate.a n d justterms, this mallroute would, m Ourreportsoftheproceedings,endinginthesebefriendthepoor.Theveryessenceaadspirit PKTBATOrTHBPOSTOFFlCKDSnCnUfOTBILL. AnexecutivesessionWASttteufcti,&**whichwveral|eniDdegatatotheBaltimoreConvention,«6c.Mr. Douglas is confined as a Presidential candi- date to the Northern States; for doubtless th e Seceders'ConventionwillputupaticketonthoirThe Deficiency bill contains about thirteen millions o f money, and contains so many important provisions that Sunday. The loss of a day's work in the week it is believed the President will reassemble Congress toknown a s squatter sovereignty, Douglas -willthe spetjch of Mr. Kelaon, uf Tennessee, tu which great in- for any information iu thi? department relating to the j»ub are more frequent on Sunday than on any other by Wendell is in possession of Messrs. Larcombc a justice was done to a numerous and influential class of our ject matter thereof.But with the election carried into the House, the M irrepressible conflict" there will unques-Onthe1stofMarch,1884,ajointresolutionwaspassed, atborizingasup}>l"m<'ntalcontract to purchae marble or this work, "columns and ashk-r in larger blocks," •i that agreed upon in the original contract This sup- plemental contract was entered into the 13th day or March, 1854. This supplemental contract stipulated for lurff-r blocks and very much larger piec«. it granted amilitary bounty lands, a s h greatly rednces theirvalue. It opens a large field for injurious specula-tion; makes an unjust discrimination between tionably continue from February, when the an opportunity to get into the country on Sun-Senate*WASHntatox, June 23 ltWOthis metropolis prevents them from participating in any outdoor enjoyment upon a n y day butisalmost equivalenttoa day's absolutewant'or starvation to many families. Y et the Sabba-TBK VOTOOVTBIHOMESTEADBOX.The veto o f the Homestead bill to-day surprisedment at a sacrifice which they cannot afford to make. To cut off the opportunity of sharing the bountiful gifts of nature, which the open country offers to the harassed mechanic and his family, is to reduce them to the baser plea- sures of the drinking cup, the gaming table andplied to the President's objections in severe terms, rax CIVIL amonuATiON BOX.The Civil Appropriation bill, containing the amendmentmaking Capt. Meigs Superintendent of the water works,will not be vetoed, but, tt ia said, the President will signthe bill and return it with his protest against the right ofthe House to take a subordinate officer out of the ranksof a speech in advocacy of the republican party, when a It was defeated. The Senate during this evening the army and place him out of roach of his commaader- message In writing w as received from tbc President.Creat anxiety was evinced to ascertain Its contents, and whenthenominationsweredeclared. Afterthe anyotherrespectableticket,upontheplatform varietyandrecreation—humannatureasrepre- morsaysthePresidentwillcauseMeigstotieorderedon impatientcriesweremadeforitsreading. Itwassup-the Secretary' of tho Navy with the Chiriqu: Improvement Companyforcoalandrightofwayacrossthatcountry.The House to-night, under the influence of a powerful lobby, authorized the superintendent of the Capitol exten- sion to purchase of Rice, Baird h Ueebner thirty-four monolithic columns, a t a n expense o f over forty-seven thousand dollars, tons placing in the hands of Captain 1 rankIm. a subordinate and appointee of the Secretary of War. power to make an additional contract to that already made by Secretary Floyd. TheSenate will unquestionably lookalterthisjob,andup>etsomeoftheplansofthe lobby. The letter of the Secretary of War upon this sub-ject is a severe commentary upon this action of the House. its statements of facts are clear and conclusive. The let- ter sisjaks for itself, aa* a as follows:—WAR DEPARTMENT. Ai>r:l 11, i860. Sm—Ihavereceivedyocrletteroftlie4lbmat.,en-the haunts of vice. Human nature demands m-chief,inviolationoftheregulationsof thearmy. Ru-U and the humbler avenues and streets as &meanso frecuperation forenergiesexhaustedin the great battle of life—the struggle withpresent necessity and prospective want. In allthe Christian countries in the world excursions• /every one, inasmuch as the bill is substantially the one originat-tarians would impose upon this class the alter-nativeofnorationalenjoymentatall,orenjoy- edintheSenatebyMr.Johnson,ofTennessee,whore- Muchtimewasconsumedincallingtheyeasandnays hisassenttosomeotherpoint3inthereportofthecom-into the country, by railroads and otherwise, any establishment here. The property formerly owned riod of the Session he had intended to reply to thai purl of which has been referred to your commitfe, aad askingday. And why? Because Christian civilization,where uninfluenced by the narrow spirit of Purl*English. Besides, Mr. Hart cannot make any purchase kllow citizens, whoso antecedents and present positionin In reply, 1have u>say that on thelTtu dav of June, without the sanction of the printing committees of the reftienrc to questions of sectional strife should have 1852, Rice, Baird A' Keebner outcred into a contracttionofcomfortandenjoymenttothepoor—the fIfvation of the humbler classes above the gro- vellingpleasuresofvice,whicharealonewithin their reach in a crowded city. Give the peopleis loaded down with jobs, will never be allowed to pass in on e:irtli from the illiberal attack made upon it by the be paid for IIJCm.irble were Al 98 per cubic loot for all itspresentform,andtherewillnotbotimeonMondayto memberfromTennessee;butfor thetime, even at the blockscontainingmorethan (30)thirtycubic feet,andTHE POST ROCTE BILL.tanism and hypocrisy, recognises among its firstduties and most brilliant evidences the ministra- It is generally conceded that the Post Route bill, which cut n< i.i;>• the ofcltat and most respectable Christian church included. The prices in this contract agreed tomodify it.THIRTY-SIXTH COSftllKSS. FIRST SESSION.VKTO OF THB HOMSSTBAD BILLA message from t h e Presiden^vetoing the Homeswad(«6) sixty-tive cents per foot !or all blocks of thirty feet :>ud under.deliberately announced the fact in writing to the superin- FOREIGN APPRKCUTION OF AMERICAN ART.— moan giving away. Aside from the constitutional ob- bond of democratic brotherhoodr Were Iaud others who, tcnd.-ui in charge ot the work, and declared their inabili-IntheHouseamotionwasadoptedrequestingthe election, then, will go to theSenate, unless scape painting—which wehave always con- held military bounty lands, as it greatly reduced jiosotioftnid classofcitizens, toallow ourselvestobe "WeadmitthatourquarryatLeewillnotfurnishthemo-in mind, ia made seven years after the date of the first contract, and four years after they had violated it by a steady non-compliance with its requirements.They, to be sure, oflbr an excuse for their default, sad, with gravity allege t h a t " nature had not supported th-.ir calculations."Anxiousfortheprosecution of thework, Andwillingto extend to these people, every indulgence, 1 revoked an order directing their contract to be forfeited, and gave them six months longer to present sut-cunena oi their marble, a n d t h e capacity o f other quarries t otheir value, and it was unjust to the old soldiers of theluiou. It opened a. large field for injurious speculation;made an uajmt discrimination between Americans andforeigners, by prohibiting the former, if single, from hav-.iiig the benefit of the bill, while the foreigner, withoutbeing the bead of a family, is given those privileges.thesuccessthatattendedtheexhibitionof Thebilldrewpartialdistinctionsbetweenpre-emptors, bangingtbeirheadsinmortificationandsham-;atthepo-Church's "Heart o f the Andes," in London, at- tracted general attention to their merits, and induced other artists to send pictures there. The part taken by the English press in encou- ragingthismovementisexceedinglycreditableand seriously atfrcted the revenue from the public land-.Mr. WADS, (rep.) of Ohio, desired to vote on tho vetoed bill without debate.Mr. Joaatsea moved to postpone the veto till December next.Not agreed to. Yeas 19, nays 26.sition which their Kate has been forced to occupy. H ealluded to the fact that this question of Americanism wasthe only issue in the gubernatorial contest in Virginia in1866, and that gallant State then bared her breast t o t h ewhole fury of the storm and crushed forever the foul mon- furnish the material. O f this they were duly unified. ster in that old Commonwealth. Here the speaker paid aMr.JOHNSON,(dem.)ofArk.,chargedthattheother theaervioeforthecompensationtowhichYorkwilldo,orPennsylvaniaandNewJersey;totheircandoranddiscrimination.Oneofthebousewasresponsibleforthodefeatofthisbillbythe quenceandloftypatriotism.Mr.Barr,afterthesepre- department,couldbeconstruedintoarecognitionofit.the department is now restricted. The Chair- incorporation into it of provisos. liminary remarks, jread an extract from Mr. Nelson's They gave no evidence of having accepted the terms of man of the Committee of Ways and but how are these to be carried against the re- warmest, but at the same time justest, criticisms Mr. JOHNSON, (dem.) of Tenn., addressed the Senate at speech, to the effect that the mu-sion of Americanism was the order within the time specified, nor, la feet, have length in opposition to the veto, reading from the Provi- to defend the "Protestantism of tbu> land from the en- they done so up to the present moment, as far as I know. •leansaskedleavetointroduceabillinpublicans?TheycanonlybetakenfromthemofMr.Church'sgreatworkwasthatwhichap-dent'sInauguralAddress,sayinghehadnowvetoedwhat croachmentsol'Komaaism."Mr.B.dentedthatthereex-Theyaddressedauotetotheengineeriacharge pearedintheLondonTimes. Itrecognizedthe hehadonceapproved. Hochargedhimwith inconsist- istedsuchathingas'-theProtestantismofthisland,''if on the 83d of December, about these speci- ency. Mr. Nelson meaut, as he evidently did, that Protestantism mens of msrble, but felted to make anydistinctive superiority o f our landscape paint- Mr.PccH,(dem.)ofOhio,said hehadread thefifth was the religion of the United Slates as Protestantism was proof of capacity in th e quarries to furnish the Mocks; ersoverthoseoftheEnglishandcontinental p«elionofthebill,andtheviewofthePresidentonitwas the religion of England, or Catholicism wasthe theirnotewasamereshift,sadwasnotresponsiveto a mere quibble. The section declined to place each for- religion of France, or Austria or Spain, or Por- the letter or spirit of the order. Under all these circum- eigner on the same footing as a native born citiaen, and tugal, or of any other country where a Ststo reli- stances, these perennial dcHnqoeuta have the effronteryschools in those features which contribute meet to the formation of a true and natural style, and it at the same time admitted the great advancethin fore the former must have a family before he can gion is established either by public senttmcnt^orjvnftive to declare ta their memorial that their "right," undera recent criticism o nM r . onCropsey's the Hud-h s been a project on foot to procure these columns from Italy, and to say that to this 1 have opposed a steady re- si>i.-moe, nor will I yield it until Congre-j* shall direct, bylargelandscape,"Autumnt. tile on the public lands.Mr.'HARLAN, (rep.) of Iowa, said that the objection offew.Heridiculedthepropositionasarguinggrossigno- theircontract,isabouttobeviolatedbydirectingthose ranceof theconstitution oftheUnitedStatesaudof the columns to be purchasedfromanhonestman,whohasthe President was that the bill was unjust to old settlers,principles on whi'-h it was founded. But, said Mr. B., ad- mitting that the chivalrous championship of Tennessee Americanism h a d a substantive, tangible object for i t s brave protectorship, the gentleman does n o t inform u s to which branch or division of American I'roteotanism isalready proved bis ability to furnish them.I thmk proper to state to your committee that thereite days, might well take s hint from Mr. Crop-sey's practice, it pays American art this hand- WATS—Masns. Bragg, Chestnut, Crittenden, Davia,PHcnat- ceeded to vindicate the Catholic church from the implied1A*AVJ^M*4nwMii'lirr• very a n soajr. VFUTTSBUuti ta\ar*fa»a . . . . . u mushroom Know Nothing petty as another iu - Nature herself in a manly, straightforward way, •..ft y^1*8, <*••»•) • Fla., moved that the Po* Route against foreign born citizens. In this extract Mr. Gsruett iz.* our present syxtoaens o f Ireecves and pemttogs, * «* WAmmnblv ilifttitl~ Until *««r«iore aneroid-stahnent of this revolution; and now, with the disruptionofthedemoralised democracy,we haveonlythesectionalrepublicanpartytodis-pose of, to order to have a clear field for a new their own color boxte." order of things.^T\edele*cetheejectionofLincolnwflibe&4S*E£SSS!£mbill be taken up.HW POSTAL DmCIKSCT BILL.; msy, nevertheh**, excel them in etegeac*>. grace, tasu says that hto "doctrines were the doctrines of Old VThe fromtheQoene a f 1perty Clerk (Mr. Warren) to fill the vacant Mo ether haatossa of hnpertnncenia,*nd recognized there as each by all parties.' and finish. . ^_. _ v Barr traced the spirit of Americanism back to ttw Atpresent, from thebest view 1 can take of the artThis isforciblyexpressed;buttheEnglish critic might have added to the effect of the com-resulting from ita iniantntor. Tavimru. charged that the Sanator from Floridariek, Green, H^phiTT, Uujiier, Iverson, Johnson ot Xenn.,accusation that her mission was to make war UIKHI any denomination or sect, except by the spiritual weapons Ue livered to th e Apostles. He then eloquently dispaliatod on the true mission of the Catholic church, and expressed bis conviction that, guided byher Divinefounder,she would,inthefutureasinthepast,triumphoverallcom-5°D'Pe*rce'Powe»-SobB-tlaa!,Itis proper to state that Mr.Johnson,ol Tenne-see,voted nayforthepurposeofmoving areconsiderationThere were several pairs.nied that painters are a little coarse in dealing bnt discovered too late that he should bsve voted ave for binations And oil assault?. Mr. Barr than read a lengthywith color, they persistently aim a t rendering that purpose. extract from a speech of Mr. Garnett, of Va., in whichthat the Senator had BO right to call hi question the action This bemg accomplished, they resume their positions and**The '^use resolution, reducing the price of public print- ficoHonof the Oomtroct with tat CAinesi Ceapsey Papyon a suspension of the rules for the purpose of taking up private bills, some of which were passed.mittee, but disagrees in other matters, and has refused to sign the report.State of the Union.Mr. EDWARDS, (rep.) of N. H., had scarcely commencedrisk of being charged by his constituents with pursillani-rnity, he postponed his convictions of duty to the publictranquillitythenendangered bythe protracted strugglelorSpeakeroftheHouse. Hewasconsoled,however,bythe reflection that the Catholic church, or Humanism,would pabs unscathed through the ordeal of the honorablegentleman's Americanism, which was defined to be an or-ganization to defend the Protestantism of this and againstthe encroachments of Romanism from any and every quar-ter. Shice the delivery of Mr. Nelson's speech availing freat and most valuable boon to the contractors. It gave l'.omaiiism, another speech, of the same general purport,but under the operation of a different system of tactics,swayed by feelings of retaliation or by the natural in- nolithic shafts in accordance with the specifications of our fctmctis of self-defence, w e would let those chivalrous sui'i•li mental contract. "This declaration, it must be bornehandsome compliment to Gov. Wise, and attributed theOf this notification, as far as I am roforavd, they took no notice, unless, indeed, sending some pieces ot marble to thesuperintendentsoffice,atsometime unknowntoUusuccessofVirginiainthatcontesttohisunequalledelo-VJDlFOStROCIEBH.L. thatgentleman joined theKnowNothing*intheirhowland have completely ignored the ridiculouswhimsoftheoldmastersoflandscapeart-men whomaybe saidtohave been afraidof iJt'iZSfiJSllk5*wouW r*tBcr »*cthatbiUdefeated iu various forme and guises is the Aiiui and kooomy inexpenditure,thepublic Interestsdf«an<!«*Deficiencybillwouldbeconsidered. t!^,taI^!!5L,£p*rt,IM*t 8 u b n »* »« U » demoralizationdays oftheelderAdam*;befolloweditupthrough ject,Iamquitesurethat,forspeed.inconstructionms Sedition tews; Native Arnericsnism, and teft. Know purchase of Marytendmarble The q-uality ot il is fullyNothingimn. H o showsd from history that Vfegtata awieved, and it is to be psrehased at the lowest prior *»has ever taken the lend sad conducted the van- which these cetaaans have been offered. , guard inbattlingagainsttheseheresies—firstintheper- Thelawfollyauthorise*it,andaMiough^atone«awbadconsentedtothedefeatofthePostalDeficiencybin. Hewealed to every friend of it to stand by and save it from defeat, by voting to take it up and passing it.son of Thomas Jeflerson, and test ia that of Henry Athought it Kobably best to annul the whole osatas nanamake a new one, 1 have some to the conclusion.»» " » « £ . ofthis republican p&nentbyexplaining thecauseofthisdistinc- !?:TirSf,^ttl*t mB mo*too hadforitsobjectthe ginian Mr.Barr quotedfromatsome length,and estab- Considered,thattheplanrecommendedbyalateeagiaesrJ u ^ g T o f the work to buy the nahnansjaanasLannSa beelected, tiveexcellenceofourschool. Itisheqpise 4efestoftiieDencieacybul,buthew(>ald repeatthathe lishedthefeetmosttriumphantlythatthesedoctrines wasMwit Ihare,therefore,givenanordertothise**1'Inart,asinliterature,politics,religionand everything else, theAmerican mind ispro- gressive, and refuses to be trammelled by sys--_.,.,„ril_.^woskt rnther BOS ft defeated than paw it iu the way the Bousehadsentfthare.Mr.Trumbull'smotionwasagreedtojusttwotoeae, aad theItaSetsney bill wasconsidered. Itrestoresall the service discontkiued or curtailed since the 4th of March. 1849, except where there has been improved ser-were not Virginia doctrines, and never were t<4eratsd iathatStatu,eK«iHduringtheshortperiodthatthenow anddoubtnotit*speedy«*^«*temsandprecedents. Itisthisindependence vicebyrauroadorotherwise, aadexcept onthe conanoBenemybaddividedtheirforcesintotwogreatax-Duitdint*. Boase e*aepitatiiUtrves. — Thetonre nwderstoland oarefat Southern <>»P**TM£•Untitled Documentv that iiioM IL*'V lid's*'* Saw Norbonrtew, with « TTt-tsrtlen o» Protestant:»m hare admitted smc* Satjdsjof character which hw given uspolitical and to Stockton, and part of r«ut- 8,616 west ©t B ~Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069I »-*Wiae. The speeehes and letters of this distinguished Vir-route from Neosho t o Albuquerque, and from Kansas City mfee. T h e Baltimore a m y h e announced a s avowed who havesympathizingwithI***1*:"£:Know Nothnuani, whfe Ins femilstton an tnetrclosing a copy of tho petition oi Rice,Baird A Ueebner,litem $1 9S> per cubic foot for all blocks which exceed*! eighteen incite* on the bed in the depth on the wall, which stone, under the original contract, would have cost sixty-0B 1havethehonortobe.Varyrasnectfstr yourot* www.fultonhistory.com 