 HOW T Q ^ J B A M .SV W l f c U j t u B . XOBMS.». Tfe BOt Ml difficult to please, As ui?.<ry-*eo »upp«*e!Urbavdty will always charm, At every lady known." Ompankinahip oar aster** §etk; We all affection crave—Tie natural for as to tote Toe gifted and die Wave!.*• We tarn a kindly eye on each Whenflrtrt,we chance to meet :TiU M M unguarded ftelfiah ac t Hie arta to picaae, defeat"A maa refined, with natnxe kind, Make* friend* where'er he goes; Hie gentle way», tad genial smile,- A grace around him throws."Who wishes truly to be loved, Should be what he would «eem!ttood humor, honor, sympathy, Muai in hia feature* be*m.'rT aw spoke my lady tetft-*-'«Ah me! My liones," said I, "you freeae!Farewell! "—She wiapered, "On not thus. But, utty, do~a» you pkater'Apoee that Baal Tamar will ever give hia only cb* 1(j ap to a Christian knight?"'"Not quite so fast, my good Gabriel. It.bath happened, ere this,that Christian knights hi ie w o n Moorish damsels without regard to the w'j 0f the parents.''"Now, by Rt. Mark. Sir Leon, if thy whimrun- • Beth in that wise, I shall set thee d»-,Wn for mad. I Dost mean, in sober troth, that thou. "*ooid'st try to"Our honor shall be her safe protection," added the knight.EJBOH BK BOVRMAViOKC O S S P H U T o f eA Ttlit OF MOORISH STAIN.IT svt.VAircs coat,to.wetce; the tops of the treetawayed toaod fro: and w&s in." This latter theme came nigh to their hearts, *ud, aat dare to harm me."terized b r a nigh moral team '-ItthethatofwhichwewtMtnearlytheajto.ltwere on our way back to the city; for, if my wits do BO not fail me, there it a storm brewing."The knight turned hia gate upon the point where the sun waa just sinking behind the crescent- crowned minarets of the great mosque of Cordova, •ad after a while he replied—bre uplifted, bringing the weapon with a force which would surely have accomplished its purpose had it hit where it was aimed. But it did not hit thus. It only cleaved the empty air, and ere the Arab could recover from the headlong impulse of the profitless stroke, the sword of the knight was driven through his body.ture upon my return in this storm," said Lulah, bending her ear to the howling blast aad beatinghe saw her, and when he had embraced her, he was anxious to Juiow what had happened to detain her through the long night. She told him, in as few words as possible, of the venture she had made towards the mountains—of the attack of the rob- bers—of the capture of her attendanto—of hef flight—and of her final rescue by the brave Norman knight. She grew warm in her speech, and her eye sent forth a deeper glow, as she told of deA HR1IJJANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAME* jfl. Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will be nto Moaday, at 12 o'clock.A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAKU Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will to ra*Monday, at 12 o'do*.A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT lAJfU Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, wUl beMonday, at 12 o'clock.A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GRF.AT FAMU" P o n t be alarmed, Gabriel. daylight for t good hour yet."We shallhavethought. " Y ou could not liv*No, no—we will afford you such sbartev as our poor cot will afford, and in the morning I hope the storm may be passed.""Ace, but it kn't the los* of daylight I'm think- ing flout," quickly retorted the other. "It's the storm that troubles me. We are a league and a half from the city, with nothing but our legs to de- pend .upon; and it will be dark before we can get ftuuie. Dont you feel how the air has changed?""I fool that the breete hasdied away," replied fin* Loon, without looking up."And that isn't all, my master. Just look off towards those mountains. There's where the atorms gather."The knight looked as his companion had directed. A spur of (he Sierra Morena loomed up darkly in the distance, tad heavy masses of clouds were already gathering above it.".There may he a storm of some kind," he said; "but it isn't we-th white to fret about it. We'llGabriel regards! hit matter for some time in si- lence, and his etamtoaaace plainly showed that hei far from beiug satisfied. Finally, with an efforti at one makes who hat retolved to do some ha- aardous thing, he aajd:—"My dear matter, J know vary well what all this taoaat. D*nt be oaended, for 1 would otter no in- .aolence. Bat Iknoww.hatit sjgnlflea. You wish to) toe the lady Lulah. Z o o know that she has rid- Btea oat injto the country with her attendants, andyou will stop here just to toe her return.""Well." answered the hnvght. He did not seem to be offended, aud yet hed'd dot appear to be Bteased. •'Wt^h«atJd,lax>a1n«mtohiafoUow-"•Uttt iS tOt »«•, mw Gtbriel. "It is as "I don't ate how^ said Leon* carelessly"111 tell yoa how," responded the esquire, "la am 1not right in m> conjecture!"tfeokit ftenpoM yorf art here, tad vou will not tea her faca>"—»—E——«•»-"wetteV** tadaht.In the meantime the second robber had not beenunemployed. His first movement npon dismount-hig-, had been towards the cot; but Gabriel, takingthe cue from his master's course, had resolutely in-terposed. The outlaw seemed, to think it an easymatter to sweep the esquire from his path; but,upon making the attempt, he found the task rather husband provided for Leon and Gabriel. "Noble sir," he cried, "I have long known thee difficult. At the first outset he received a cut uponItakBdapuaawwahi ate Baatr, aha te tooSff. «..."My master," said the esquire.in a tone of much but made no romark. When the moon had goneOF CORDOV A.8 BBJLLUNT NT€iwss tee out of an humble vine dresser, and towards this he concluded to make his way. In fact, it was the only dwelling within half aleague, so he waa not ioag in makiug the ehoice, I"We can find shelter there," he said to his coaa- pankw; "and, if need be, we can remain all nigbC' "Ave,"returaedGabriel,whoseanxietyforhn •of the Spanish peninsula, south of ttfc Pyrwnaes, ma* T'S comfort o*orcame all other consjdr ra-blood—children of one great Father."".Lady., you speak like a Christian," rotorned Lo-on, bending his gaze upon her." Perhaps I have reason to do so," Ate replied^are as a stranger ia the midst of a waywaed, re- vengeful people. I tell you he wsll never aaow you to go m safety to the dwelling of Bail' Tamar. As sure as yoa live, he will seek some speedy re- venge upon you."CHAPTER I. THKiKtuum EsiaaT—MMfMRtotos*with a light smile. " The woman who auraeu mt,from infancy to maidenhood, was a Christina,thoughveryfewwereawareofthefact. Sheonw; reasonnow. Stillthereismuchtobethoughtofin"So«Bd enougli!" replied the eequire, casting h* eyes to the northward. "It is as I warned, yousoon to possess her hand, and gate new power am', Th" I A'daor is mailed te subscribers at ft a year, wealth thereby? And will you still say that ho bus>>; YL iiMT .•>•>» :. <:.NEW YORK HERALD, RATCBDAY, JULY 7, 1860.-TBJPLEft* maiden i i all Cordova? Aye, in all Spain forthat matter, for the king hat no daughter; so thedaughter of hia chief sheik tad viator must be theforemost princess of the realm. Aad do yoa «up- marked Alcassim.was under Hie Moorish rule. Abderafcman HI. sat tkwts "I think the okl man can find good rest for possible, and'putnip'with what wei cannot help," "Ah," cried de Bournay, urged on by a power \ tion.'^A BRILLIANT NUMBER %)t THE GREAT FAMILT Paper, the NEW YOiK LEDGER, will to reacjrupon the throne of Cordova, *nd the season Of hisff«ignistesownaaflw«oVnwn A ge e f the Moorishtheo. 1know hhn'w*!!." responded the esquire; and thus speaking be set- wbich he did not try to control, '^if you were but< By this time they had reached a crowded part of' So do I," added loon, as they started hito a tled back into his seat as though he would leave Willing to take another Christian companion !". He,j the city, and the conversation was dropped. The Monday, at IS o'clock.brisk walk, "and as for'rest, a Norman knight otlwrsto carry omthe conversationj. stopped from the weight of his own feelings. Lu- knight rented a small dwelling near the river, thethe outlaw.The robber stopped, for he had thus interposedover the stalwart form which itself.nephew of the great rebel, Omar Ben Hals. He and drawing his broad sabre. At first he seemed comes of a stock fond of rebellion and blood, and inclined to treat theyouth as of little account, but is a most fitting representative. He te a daringPaper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will he rmq\ POR Monday, at 12 o'clock."Who arc you?" ho asked, moving back a pace,_ APaper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will to rtwafljPSS2&as he surveyed his proportions more critically, he evidently altered his mind, for he gathered himself as though for desperate work.man and a wicked one."" 1 should like to meet him," muttered Leon,half to himself. joaday, at 12 o'clock. MooA BRILLIANT NUMBERPaper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, wiU tw rt*>Monday, at 12 o'clock.SAJHauthe right shoulder, which entered to the bone. Thisserved to open his eyes; but it also made him mad,so that he did not improve by the knowledge hehad gained. He rushed upon his short opponent,as though he would trample him to the earth; but,in his hot haste he seemed to forgot that there mightbe something in his way. He quickly discoveredthis something, however, though he could not havehad much opportunity for considering it, as thepoint of Gabriel's sword entered the cavity justabove the breast bone, passing clear through the city?"neck and separating two of the vertebra: of the spinal column."It's all done here, my master," said the esquire, as Sir Leon approached him."I wonder if there are more coming," returned the knight, bending his ear towards the road.•if there are, the lady will know," suggested Gabriel. "So suppose we get out of this rain. These villains may as well rest as they are for the present.""So ho it," replied Loon. He cast one more look upon the dead robbers and then turned to- wards the cot.CHAPTER II. LOVB.Whoa toe Norman knight entered the dwelling,''Perhaps you wotdd like to have me give up my horse, that I won from that robber, tot take my- self along on foot?""I had thought of that, Gabriel."Thns speaking, the sheik turned to tome of hit in the least. Upon that I am resolved."followers, and bade them prepare a BOWhorse for "But, my master "the lady Lulah; and when tills had been done, the " I want no bats, good Gabriel. I shall pursue beast which she had thns far hidden was given up the straight path of my own will, and abide the_ APaper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will toYou tot- fairly in "Ah—yea—yoa—I tee," the host replied, when Aad yat j o o have he had recognued tot new comers. "But the rob-enquire with him, and pulled his light skiff out upon'I knY>w thai onthevecondDe Bournay watched the party until they weregone from ate sight, and then started on, with hiseyas beat upon ate saddle-bow; but he waa speedily ( the garden, Leon gated op at the lighted windowsBRILLIANT NUMBER OF TBI GRF.AT >Al " ^apsr . the NEW YORK LEDGER, will *bers?""They are bote dead."shedding a soft light over the water. Theyalong by the palace of Baal Tamar, aad 1 passed those apartments which extended out into' K 'iit^bto1 Thnd snathC°m* *°d ****** y °U 'I *ajypfcih» i H I MM « • • M l l i l MMX OOMl I tnfkMrht I HriuiUiAtoyou lieawoundeddove. * ' V' - denuptohisaide. senceofthelovedone. Gabrielreadhisthoughts, 9iiMQmJ j,taotoi12o'clock.couldnot well leaption." I have heard," she said, directing her glanceonce more upon our hero, " thajt Miramolin is aplayanimportantpartinourstory. ThiswasAbu Zamar, Governor of Casalla. He was a young man, not over thirty; of a stout, well-proportioned frame, and, withal, very handsome, so far as mere outward features can go. He was the son of a man who had been a very near and dear friend to the king, and hence his preferment to tho office he held; for, had Abderahman judged bim solely by his fitness, he would never have appointed hiin to so important a governorship. However, if theteemed to well up from his deep bosom, served in "I am one who will protect yonder maiden " No, no," cried the maiden, qhickly, " there is monarch saw little executive ability in the child ofBRILLIANT NUMBER OP THE GRKAT FAMlll Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, wtlf be re*a great measure to counterbalance the rougher from all enemies," replied our hero. "Now who no need of that." She seemed t<)> realise that she his old friend, he did not suspect positive evil; soAMonday, at 12 »'clock.traits of his character. He was the knight's most faithful esquire and body servant, having been hisare you!""Dog of a Christian! I'll let you know who Ihad betrayed an unusual emotion, for she cast her eyes again upon the floor with unmistakeable marks of confusion.Gabriel looked iuto his master's face, and when he saw the expression which rested there he shook his head with more meaning tnan before. The host, however, had noticed nothing unusual, and he went on talking about the robbers until his good wife called his attention to the making of provision for entertaining their guests through the night.he left him iij his honorable position. And he did more. He asked his prime minister to bestow npon Abu Zamar the hand of the fair Lulah, and the minister Had consented so to do. We said that Abu Zamar was handsome; but he who sought a true friend would never have dared to trust him. The glitter of his black eye was icy and snake-like, andthecmiof his thin, bloodless lip was bitter and sarcastic. " jattendant from early boyhood. He was some ten am right quickly. The maiden is mine; so stand years older than his master, and his garb was much out of my way or your head shall fly from yourA BRILLIANT NUMBER OP T B I GREAT F AEIJ P*per, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will be realafter the same pattern as that already described, only the fabrics were coarser and more substantial, ana the feathers which he wore in his brown cap, •scared by a silver button and loop, was from an eagle's wing.Boulders!""Beware, villain! You shall not reach the maidenalive!""We'll see!"As the robber thus hissed, between his clenchedMonday, at 12 o'clock.s"Come, come, my master," said the esquire,With a restless movement, "it is high time that we teeth, he sprang upon the knight, with his heavy sa- " I do not think it would be sate for me to ven- RaaljTamar hastened towards his daughter whet—*underpresentcIrcmn«tnaf}|M.t h e lady"But," interposed the knight, harrying oa ha"We can't stand upon nice custom, always," re-The vine-dresser looked towjards Lnluh, asA.BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAMIlT|rain.'' Mercy!'' exclaimed Doris, in each a time.horrifiod at theYACT8JTA^ MJ"Yes." dreamvufceetness; cheeks full and rouae; the wife, and when they had bestowed apon them a koie to thee?" fnswithsirkrnhairofglossyblackness;decp,dark,ttrtng eyes, the lashes of which drooped with warm to their [gratitude to the good heat and hisoe finely'carved, end lips like bluslung frtit just few golden tokens thereof, they mtanted their ing mto delicious ripeness. Her skin was as horses and started towards the cKy, the esquire„ and fair as alabaster, its warm,: rich tiats alone trudging along behind.fraying her Moorish origin. As soon as the knight and his companion had"Aye, Gabriel, thou are right."presently the rain-dropa began to Ml. Sir Leon "Kind sir,"Aha replied, quir.kly and earnestly, under the impulse of an emotion something toore ' " Tea deceive yourself, Sir Leon, Aba Zamar, taew that the storm that brewed in tee sterarpasses ***you do me wrong ifyou think I colaldregard your than generous, the maiden said:— . . <darcs do anything that may minister to kis passions;|- of the wad Morena, was to be a severe oae,«nd he presence as on intrusion. Indeed, I owe you too " I see not why the Moor and tee Christianshould aad ha may do it with comparative saft ty too. B+- A Ito>er, to* NEWthought of shelter. Mot far" from the oliv? grove much. Rather let me feel titat I am the intruder'" fight. Surely, they are of one great family—of one member that bo is a Moorish governor, while yon ki««Uy, »t Vi o'clock.1BB GREAT f AKIIf iotapire. The Mooratoareon enVghtoned and in- oaks only room in which to stretch hia body, and a The ice was now -so far brokeh that J^eon was tan trembled, but made no reply. She was not an- front of which stood close upon the street, while in A BRILLIANT NT OF THE GREAT FAMILYi race of pewple.vind during their -occupa- ei'elter trom the falling rain.", emboldened to speak more directly to.tte; maiden, :gry, though; for the light of her dork eye was too. the rear was a garden that extended to the water. Paper, toe NEW TURK LEDGER, will The cot in question waa situated beneath a high especially as he believed that he could detect rich and worm. Leon de Bournay saw this and he This garden was protected by a higlf wall of solid Monday, at 12 o'clock.ofdbe country, wgriraltnre, as well as the arte t»lufi* which lilted a crown of citron treesaigh over in'Her look a willingness, if not a desire, to con- proceeded:— masonry, with a gate opening to a boat landing uponaad seances, Iwatirtd in a wmarkablt degree. toe bank of the river, againstthe face of which verse with hiin. "Do net think me presumptwous, nor bteme me the river, and contained many choice fruit trees A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAM01was trained« luxuriant-growth of grapevines. "Lady," he said, "you must pardon aae if I seem for my seeming haste. We are near to the city,: and fragrant flowers. Gabriel aid the cooking, and Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER. wiQ to roto Between this bluff and the river the*nace was somewhat inquisitive; but I am anxious to know and another opportunity may not present itself: so took care of the premise*, his master, however, Monday, at 12 o'clock.but a few rods; the*3ot was not directly in tills how the danger you have so narrowly escaped I cannot let this one pass. O, 1have loved you often assisting him in the heavier work. Theamtrbers of OhiisHans, of *.U counte»?s, went to pass, however, butfc little upon one sine, in a sort came upon you." since first I saw you. Your image has been with knight's first movement, upon reaching his abode, A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT F A M 0 stogy la the .Arabian schotfs of Cot Jova. Aad, of niche which seemed made on pnrvose to receive "Surely, sir," she replied, raising her lustrous me continually, a part of say every tho-ight. And: w as to change his raiment, after which he sat down , / j 1'aper, the NEW YORK LEDGES, wUl t oit. Ourtwoadventurershadjustreaehedthedoor •eyestiRtheirbeamsfelluponhim!withawitching thisaweetseasonofcommunionhasopenedthe tohisstudies,whilehisesquirewentouttothe Monday,at12o'clock.ssfa j i c rt, so far werethvy hi atvanee of other Eu- topemn natioaa in general knowledge that greattortaermoro, the Idaors hart bcougft with toembud to its fullest blossom of love aad devotion. market for provisions. Leon sat down to study; Say-—O, say—does my love offend yoa?" but his mind was tot to bo fixed upon the pro- The answer was a fdlent one, with head blems in the book before him. Strive and struggle as he would, the lovely Lulah was the one themewhich captured his thought*. •It was late in the afternoon. Gabriel was busyinthegarden,andtheknightwasinhisstudy,still dreaming over the adventure of the previous even-ing. As he sat thus, with his head leaning upon hishand,there came a rap upontheouterdoor,At first he did not move but when the summons vwas repeated he started forth to answer it; and he was not a little surprised upon finding Abu Zamar there, with two stout attendants."Sir Knight," spoke the governor, with the tone of one who has only some ordinary business to transact, "I would claim a few moments of your time, if you have them to spare.""I am at your service, my lord," replied our hero. "Will you enter my dwelling?"of the humble > dwelling when they O/ere startled power, "you, of all others, have the right to knew; - teem the Ovtont «-tooo*and ideas atfvmtj aad ole- by the couud of a horse a feet close a* hand. and when 1have told you my stofw 'yoa will notHgaace never entertained ay the OkstL; BOthat cvea "That animal is frightened," BUM! Gabriel, after feel that th" death which has overtaken the das- " their social and tomestk arrangwments were tar he had listened a moment tardly wretches at your bands *\as undeserved. "Aye, surely,'' returned Leon* "and—hark- It has been my custom, for some time, to ride -oboTe those'Off toeir protecoaaon€a point of oom- there as-mere than one. By my aotal star, there is about the country with my female attend-bowed, and with bright tears glistening upon the long lashes.A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAMILY Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will be rett?Monday, at 12 o'clockBRILLIANT, NU MBER OF THE GREAT F A V3Y A ra»pecr,,/the'NNEJWYORKLEDGER,will toMonday, at 12 o'clockABRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAMILY Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, wiQ to Monday, at 12 o'clock.tarttadtaaaaatsat.T*eprojusnity,however,of troubleafoot.Ha!did'sthearthatcry?Now,Ay ants,thoughmyfathersupposesthatIdo MayInotloveyour' Thehorseswereverythese devoted-Wlow*rr of Itltaafto the restlew and 8aint Peter, here's work ahead." not venture beyond the lunits [of oar gardens near together, and he took her hand as heThus-speaking -the knight leaped out into the and palaces without the protection of stouter spoke. "Last night," he added, with gushing*warlikeItnigto*oftheVrosslod"ocontinual*cenes roaA,andin»momentmoreahorsecamedashing arms. To-day, however,'tire sweet and balmy tenderness, "when .you reclined upon myof border tftriie, abd a? not a f- w romantic avdrea-laden with-frag«uBt>odors from a taoustn4groves of bleeding beast stopped suddenly, and went down thicket directly upon us. So quick wert their mo- toe tears gathered more thickly upon her silken •range aad1 of citron, died away, until the leaves of [ upon its knees. 1he knight was npon the snot in tions, and so startled were we, that my companions lashes.an instant, and lifted the lair rider in his arms ere were captured-ere resistance ooulil be thought of. "See," he cried,-"here comes thy father with his too tspeawertHstCJ, and<tac surface of "the water she was thrown from the saddle. The thick veil 1 heard the shouts of the ruffians, and was quickly attendants."swpoeedJike a mw/or. A tow miles ant from Cor- was blown from her face,and he gazed upon the assured that they were robbers, and that they be- Luah looked up, and saw that it was so. Not but theat headlong speed around the hiuff; but its gait breeze lured me further away. I started out with bosom—when I held you in these arms, and was not a steady one; it came * ith plunging, rear- four of my trusty females, and, instead of turning pledged ray life for your safety—I thought 'twould ing toaps, swaymg- ever and anon from a direct back when I ought, 1 kept on to the mountains'. be an earthly heaven where thy love should reign. course. Two tilings Leon saw at a glance: The We had rested our horses awhile beneath some v , shall not that bliss be mine ?"A day, da early ^aatmcryaad been' warm andolear; and now, as tee sun w* i sinking towards thewestern htiitoufth*, balmy breeze, which had been i& side. A few more plunges and the foaming, return, when four horsemen dashed out from a •yet speak, but she trembled more perceptibly, anqA .BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAMTLf Paper, tho MEW YORK LEDGER, will to ratehorse had a female upon its baok, and a javelin In trees, and were upon the point of starting upon our She did not draw her hand away, nor did sheMonday, at 12 o'clock.BRILLIANT NUMBER OF GREAT FAMILY A Pater, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will beMonday, at 12 o'clock.dova, where the-toad lay dtoto upon' toe northern features of the Lady Lulah ! For an instant, as he longed to the band of the terr&le liiraroelin. One far distant, and just emerging from the gates of sistarted away. held her to his bosom, hi« heart beat with a wild stout villain seized my horse by' the bit, 'bonkof'th^Guedalqaiwer, and beneath the shade thrill; but a sense of knightly duty quickly recalled noble animal broke from him a no—1 wouldof a grave of otitis, sat two men. The first w a t t | him from the sweet delirium, and he bore^he I could not help my poor oem een mine—but,private palace, was the Shiek Baal Tamar, and with him came a score more of horsemen.vate apartment."Will you be seated?" asked de Bournay, at thesame time proffering a stool."No," returned the Hoor, "I will stand." His"manner wan now abrupt, and his look exceedingly nervous. " 1 have come," he resumed, " upon a business which, I think, may soon be settled, and I will proceed to it at once."" l a m all attention," said Leon, who had put aside iris own seat."Then thus it is," resumed the visiter, with an icy, contracted tone. "Yon were last night thrown into circumstances which afforded yon an opportu- nity of rendering important service to the lady Lulah. This morning you bore her company to the city, i shall not ask you of anything that has passed, for 'I know enough. Still, I may here remark that I am not so blind as to be totally ignorant of those things which transpire before my very eyes ; nor am I such a dolt as to be unable to read something where much is written. And now, sir, I come to the point. Baal Tamar, in the excess of his gratitude, offered you the hospitality of his palace. I ask yoa—do yoa mean to accept his invitation ?"Monday, at 12 o'clock.BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAMILY f wasp"We must soon eeparate," said our hero, in asked here if she was nart. But her answer was alas, they were beyond my rea cruel weapons word ? Shall I not hope that you love meV'-maiden towards the cot. He saw that she 4ras have done it had . the power As my horseChristian and;* noble knight, as his garb plainly l ^ ^ e ^ h . s boned their quick, earnent tones. "O, will you not speak oneA .Monday, at 12 o'clocktedicttod. . Hia«haote>wtre russet, with light, gold- cat off, by tee dashing up of another horse, and darted away, two of the reb•d sfwrs • attaohed;. hit hose of white silk, with ts she heard the sound, she clasped both her arms javelins after him, and one of thtruths of- **• her-satin;, a doublet ot -emeral velvet; about the neck of the Norman knight, and cried was buried in his side. But he did not s t o p -The maiden hesitated no longer. With a warm, soft light beaming from her lustrous eyes, and.with earnest truth in every line of her beautiful face, sheA BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAMILY ,mrt A. Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will beBonday, at 12 o'clock.A KRIIJJANT NUMBER. OF THE GRKAT FAME! SAt Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will bea shoxt cloajewf, pqrple, slashed' with white satin, whh collar of r*h point lace, and-a light cap of green velvet,from the side of which swept t white ostrich feather. He was about five and twenty years uf age, possessing a powerful frame, the full, symmetrica!, muscular form of which had been de- veloped b^'Othotcugh course of knightly training •fen from childhood. His face was fair and frank, the features bold.-and marked, the whole contour presenting a remarahle type of strong, masculinebeauty-.Buch waaLean de Bom-nay, a knight of Norman-dy and only sonof the old Baron Robert de Bour- aay, whose deads of arms were known throughout all Christendom. Sir Leon had come to Cordova to ttody. Jim timemight not be far distant when he would be called to rule over the broad barony of Bournay, and he. wished to qu* lify himself for the work, ha the * aenee of arms he was already a proficient; few Jten. dared to oppose his lance or broadsword; but he felt that the true prince should Be able tt instruct his people in those sciences waich come nearer to the peace and comfort of their homes and firesides, and hence he bad sought the help of toe renownedj scholars of the Moorish achools.Sir Leon's companion was a -hort, stout, hearty,genial looking individual, with broad, massiveshoulders, a thick neck and a head which betrayedconsiderable pugnacity in its peculiarity of form,though a rich vein of humor and good will, whichout in frantic tones, for him to save tier." They have captured my attendants—they havekilled my horse—and they seek to capture me!" "Who?—who?" asked Leon.he did not slacken his speed. He knew that he frankly, plainly said :—"The mountain robbers!" she replied.Leon comprehended the whole thing in a mo- cold rain poured upon my fevered [beast, he dashedforward with new strength, and finally brought mement, and his movements were prompt and de- to your kind care and protection, i 0 , sir, I cannot cided. Alcassim, the old vine-dresser, had come tell yon how grateful I am."Mondar, at 12 o'clock.A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT RAVRY Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will be rotoMonday, at 12 o'clock.BKIIXIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAMEfJr_ Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will to r « * Mono<day,at12o'clock.c«out from his. cot in season to witness the falling of the maiden's horse, and to him our hero resigned his fair charge."Bear her quickly to a place of shelter ," he cried, "and leave us to deal with those fellows. For your life stop not here, but go!""And yet, lady," returned the knight. In a sub- dued tone, but with a kindling eye, "you cannot be more grateful than I am."was pursued, and he put forth all hit strength. By and by the storm came, and that teemed for the time to revive him. The two robbers were very near to me when the clouds burst; but as the"I would not lie to save a crown; and fromi thee I would nothing conceal. If it is weak- ness, then am I weak; if it is wrong, Allah for- five me. I cannot say I love thee not, for myeart is fast in thy keeping. Be generous, noble sir, and grant me all indulgence. At some time wo may meet again.""And until then," cried the knight, "I may know tnat thou lovest me?""With a love that must live whiles my heart beats," replied Lulah, utterly unable to disguise or control this first warm gushing of her soul's new af-Without a word the old man canght the girl inhis arms, and hastened to his cot; and Sir Leon, as afraid to speak—almost afraid again to meet the that farther eonversatiea was impossible, and theA•The maiden cast her eyes upon the floor, for sheknew not what to say. That she thought much, fection.and felt much, was very evident; put ate seemed In a moment more the new comers were so nearABRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAMUl .'Style i Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, wiB to rat w*rr»adf* Monday, at 12 o'clock. Lr"sry. B-jEK>B a. ABRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAMM| f Ikt*_ Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will to lefty BH ooday, at 12 o'clock. •sLMUlgaze of her preserver. Gabriel, however, seemed to understand the matter, for he \ shook his head with the old meaning look, and then turned the conversation upon the robbers.knight of Normandy turned to receive the noble thick.he turned, was just in season to confront the horse-man who had pulled up close upon his heels. Thelatter was a tall, powerful Arab,swart and sinewy,whose wicked look and wild garb bespoke the rob-ber at a glance. And he was not alone, for behind "and many a crusade has been made against them, - Baal Tamar, the prime minister of Abderahman There was a spirit of haughtiness in this last"They are a reckless set," said [the vinedresser,him, and arriving almost at the same moment, but they cannot be overcome. Their numbers are III., was a stout knight, of middle age, and of aq tpeech which touched the Christian knight to•ties. 1t tune a companion of like look and bearing. "Hold, there!" cried the first robber, leaping from his horse, and starting towards the cot, where the vine-dresser was just entering the door with hiafair burden."Back!" shouted the Norman knight, snatchinghis sword from its scabbard, and springing beforeopen, frank countenance. He was proud of his po- the quick, and he answered not quite so coollygreat, and their strongholds in the] fastnesses of themountains are impregnable. And, moreover, theirmighty chieftain, Miramolin, is as crafty as he is"I have heard," remarked son, "that this bold and wicked." 'Miramolin was once a sheik of loble standing in Cordova*'There was one man in the minister's train whom though she were best qualified to answer this ques- we will introduce and describe here, since he is toMonday, at 12 o'clock. r*"iC&"immm* •"•"•"••—n . m\i . i •••vnpe^iqipgpiiaiii.IJI v >»»••" i'.»••• »• <*—••fltlY WS4 TAoa'JTf-i UJA; SU M O YThis was a finaHtv which the »ooaire wattoreedto accept, and he would have allowed the conver-sation to turn upon some other topic only hi* thee be te Jealous of thee. Tie marked uic barring ranuente as he spoke, and securing hte good sword,master did not seem inclined to talk, to he w.is of the lady Lulah, even to her very look; ;»nd he "what manner of men art they?"comparatively silent during the remainder of the watched thee, too; and 1 saw hia hand clutched "I have locked out at one of the rear window*,»opou hia sword hilt as he gate 1 upon Cieo; aad I replied the esquire; "but I could not make the* When they returned to the cot they found the could read the look of vengeance which spread all cut. I <<>uld only see that they were armed, ao| Gabriel shook his head and said nothing, though females up, and the morning meal prepared. After over his cold, wicked face. You .naat beware of that ihey came on as though for mischief. Hart! he was evidently thinking a great deal. partaking of the repast, the knight approach'"I that man!" There goes the door! Quick, or it will be to)Doris withdrew, and presently reappeared, lead- Lulah, and asked her if he should bear her co u- "Nonsense, Gabriel. Yoa tre frightened with- late!"****.•»««* olah is forced to appear before yoa janveflad."•'"l.aaVO ne»rt» nnyv--**- —"Then yoa should know him well eiicugbH i ling the maiden by the harm, who, when she saw nany to her home. She did not wish to trm't. • out a cause. I have no fear of Abu Zamtr, I3veanun, she said, bat she should fsel safe and-:'*; als if he had cause for enmity " Lei me taoort. "HoM, my matter. Not quite so fast,Hut ft waa too late as it was. Whoever tho; were that had thus aUackcd & t house, they h j own-in from'the river, and nad forced the retthe young knight, trembled perceptibly, though her salutation was composed and dignified. When she had noticed those who were piesent»sne sat down npon the soft cushion which the hostess hadSurely it was no trouble to him. It would be meet vou as you go. Hath he not cause' for door without so much aw wVJag a> tfce-y might ente;J? Hjrou have not forgotten your trn^t in in. De Bournay had loap»*d out into the open conn -if yoa have'not entirely overlooked' my long with his sword m his hand, when he was eo.iTrontet vehementearnestness"ifthedaughterofBaal mainedbusywithherownrefections.Shewasin afterhehadhelpedAlcassimmoveawaytheb<»die4friendshipforthee—answermeplaioly. Di'ytj byabandofstout,viUatirotwlookingmen,on?ofrun away with the lady?""1 mean thin," replied the knight, speaking witharranged before the fire, and for a little while re-a pleasure. rHo Gabriel was forced to give up his berH*, auffTamar returned my love, I wo/^id have her if the thing ware possible. So there, 'i«t the matter rest." "Allow aw one word mom," urged Gtoriel, with persistentteal. -I have netsaidallyet. Hathit not occurred to you that tb* lady Lulah is betrothedto the 8heik Aim Zamar, Governor of 0888118?" "That is BOproof that she loves him.""O, my Blaster, your blindness is oast my underrtaading. Vvrily the face of this Moorish maid'.n hadh bewitched thee.1'•"Peace, good Gafcriel. I have heard sufficient. * l u * stand is that?"truth a oottntiful maiden—people said toe most beairtiful <u all Cordova. She was nineteen years ef ag/^ of -raediuw stature, and most elegant propor-of the dead robbers, he brought the neasts Won ftoto the robbers to the door, having fixed l.nla Vs saddle,token from her dead steed, upon the auim.il she was to ride. Leon and the lady were bainnot love the Moorish maiden?" ,~~ "Yes""Aad have you not spoken of love tohcrf*'whom carried a torch which he had teat lighted, and which shed a imid glare upon his wM. -ava^i companions*"With a sttorm beating dewn from the sky, and wicked robbers rushing on in the rear,J fancy we should not be too particular touching the place or method of our retreat," interposed (.< abriel, coaing to his master's assistance."The-man speaks wisely," said Boris."Aye,andtruly,"addedAleassun."Then we'll make ourselves as comfortable as front Suakin, and was a good, intelligent woman.", what you say, aad I will give it all due considera-KUMBKRI'apcr. the NEW VoRK LEDGER, wi'l & reactSateBowiday, at 12 o'clock."Sweet Lulah, may I not call you dearest?CHAPTER HI. KATHEB DUBIOUS."My lord, you ask me a strange question," re- plied de Bournay, with perfect calmness.sition and tenacious of Ids rights, but far from being arbitrary or unjust. Those who knew him only as an officer found him stern and unyielding, while those who commanded his friendship found hint faithful and trueT1as before:—"The matter.of visiting a friend is something con-fined to my own private affairs, and I do not choose o be questioned thereupon.""Have a care, Sir Christian. I an really bent on promoting your own welfare. Will you answer my qnnuenstionn ?''"No, sir—I will not."The Moor started like a troubled snake, and the thin, bloodless lip bore a vivid hue."Enough upon that point," he said. "Since you will not answer my question, you1 win lii»ten to my demand. You must not visit at the dwelling of Baal Tamar!'.'"Must not?" repeated de Bournay, as though he might have misunderstood."You must not! This may seem precipitate, but I think it best to settle such matters in due season. If you let this thing stop where it is, all may be well; but if you pursue the acquaintance which you have accidently formed in the minister's family, the worse may be yours.""My Lord of Catalla, returned Sir Leon, proudlyanddefiantly,"1willnotpretendtomisunderstand 1 , 1 . . I I J I — M » a M ^ — — * yon, for yourAuanner conveys as much .meaning as A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GRF.AT FAUI1T do your worQF But I have to assure you that noth- Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will be rw*So it was arranged that they should all remain Bournay's gallant conduct. Her father saw onlythrough the night, and at an early hour prepara- gratitude in her look and tone, and when he turnedtions were made for retiring. The hostess took towards our hero he grasped him by the hand, and Lulah with her into her own apartment, while her thanked him with tears in his eyes."Then so be it," the Moor said, in a whispering, J \ . Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will bt 10* hissing tone. He drew his bright blade half out Monday, at 12 o'clock.from its golden scabbard and thrust it back with aclang that echoed through the house. "Be it to A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREATAt an early hour in the morning oar hero was for an upright, studious man, but henceforth I will astir, and upon going out of doors he foaud the sun know thee for one of my dearest friends. Comejust rising, bright and clear, over the mountains.The storm had been a severe one, as waa evidentfrom the deep gullies upon the hillside, and theswollen, rushing river: but all was calm now over-head, and the roads were not damaged. He called deeply touched by the sheik's gratitude. "I mustwith me to my palace, and I will thank thee again."repair to my own lodgings; but at some other time, I may be happy to enjoy your liberal hospitality. At all events, sir, I shall bear your friendship near to my heart, and cherish it as an honor.""Verywell," responded Baal Tamar. "You" Of course," answered the knight, without raisj^, must do now as you please: bat remember, my ing his eyes. - ~ / » doors are always open to yoa."you will have it," he added, turning towards the A Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will Monday, at 12 o'clock.Gabriel away, and took a walk around the bluff." My master," said the esquire, after they had walked some distance in silence, " I aappose you mean to accompany the lady Lulah back to theIn a little while Gabriel came in. He had teen the Moor go away, and he was anxious to know what had transpired;"Is it not aa I told you?" he said, after he had heard his master's story."Let it be as it may/' returned the knight, quick- ly and emphatically. "I shall not change my courseBRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GRKAT H ' - Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will beSondev, at 12 o'clock.BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT JM. Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, WiU beStonday, at 12 o'clock.BRILLIANT NUMBER OF T B S GREAT FARE?"Y oa, Gabriel? Ha, ha; you are witty this morn- adieu.There was one in the -train ot the minister whofrom being satisfied to let the matter drop thus. He reasoned with himself, aad he reasoned well. De Bournay placed too much dependence upon his own natural aad inherited reeouroes. He fancied thatA BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT Itonday, at 12 o'clock." And yet I am in earnest.""In earnest. Why, what do you mean?""I mean that the lady has eeen enough of yoa." "Gabrieli""Don't be offended, my master; bat be reason-saw more than gratitude in the look and tone ofthe maiden, and who detected something deeperthan mere friendship in the bearing of the Normantaught; and that was Aba Zamar. Hit dark eye hia name, his character, and his lordly title of a Eoday.at 12 o'clock. • flashed with a lightning gleam as he noticed thu, Korman Count, weald be a sufficient protectionwhich he did without ceremony, he round the vino able. I can tee, and I know 1 what I say. tee and his band crept nervonsl v down to the hilt of against any malignant enemy. Bat Gabriel sawdresser alone, and busily engaged in brightening maiden already feels more than gratitude, more his sword. Bat he made no farther demonstration differently. He knew that a Norman title was ofnp t fire upon the narrow hearth. The old man than friendship, towards you. You have no right then. Those who knew him beat saw that he little worth in Cordova, especially against the wilesBRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FJ Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, WiB Mstarted np as the fierce blast from the open door swept upon him. and grasped a spear that stood close by hk aide."We are friends, my good Alcassim," said Leon, at he taw tot defensive movement.to trifle with her. Don't get angry. I don't mean was tatubled, and some there were who could di- of a powerful and wealthy Moor. However, hethat yoa would stoop to wilful trifling; bat, if yoa awaken love in her bosom, your own tense must tell you that te can only tad in disappointment."vine tin cause, though they may have passed it by 89 only a momentary cloud of passion. Once she young sheik seemed upon the point of addressing the Christian knight: but he tamed his horse withconsented to let the matter rait for the present, though he was resolved to keep his eyes open.In the evening, after supper, the knight took his"Not now, not now," returned de Bournay,door. "If you are satisfied, I am." he strode away.And with this"So I supposed. But, don't yqu think it would to Gabriel, who had already reached the spot. Be- consequences. Still," the knight added, in a softer | A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GRFAT Vi be safer for me to bear the lady company, and fore Lulah turned away with her father, she cast a key, " I appreciate your motives, aad thank you i l . Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, ill toloving glance upon Leon, and murmured some for your good intentions. Bat, ere we talk more Monday, 112 o'clock.Ifor hr• •a: ir .-•i » t A .leave you to trudge alone?" "How?"words of blessing and gratitude. He replied to npon toe subject, we will "I think I had better be the maiden's escort.'' them at best he could, and then bade her a tender velopement."furtherd o"Do yon think the loves me, Gabriel?"Now if the esquire had been wtee he would hare an abrupt jerk ot therein, and rode away by the the river, a crescent moon, some few days " A BRILL;IANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FJr, tot HEW YORK LEDGER, will 1" Monday, at 12oher, and I saw it aU."yon ::il?4lr??s;r'-"ched'w'wo"' concern, "do yoa know what yoa have they retorted to their own landing, aad tooa aher- t BRJLLLtoTT] NUMBER OF THE GREAT «turned this off very lightly; bat he waa konest, and bide of Btal Tamar.did not know what t power toveT might have over the bravest knight."EwtftotP he replied, with energy. "Why,bless your soul, her heart fluttered, when she spoke aroused from his reverie by Gabriel, who had rid- ta though he would gain some token of tho pre-done?""Doat?" repeated Leon, with aa inquiringill „..„. I think so, fairer. My good wife has her in "Aye. Can you see what you've done?" was aroused by a load noise at one of the doors. BXTLLIANT NITCBER OF THEto you?" Bsam,s^iaayhcamch.""Your Arab for Nuruiau"And didyoa see my bate"Tour heart doni flutter so readily, toy master; but the tale was told in your eyes. Ah—you'd bet-ter let me go with her, while you boty yourself with something which may have a mora satisfacto-What'canS ttaltodbody.whtodoyouthough it must have been past midnight, when heaAERlOKirowL»to5"Not a88* hero.Bat, tail me - is the ltdy safe"?"at what I say. I mast knowm say, _%, . aad wiU soon have dry clothes upon her."' T m not in a mood for jesting, Gabriel."Ht had started from his bed, and waa listening toA .GRFAT FiPaper., the MNElW YfBK LEW1R, «>» * IS o'clockand if she AMJhe host spoke t door in one corner was open-ed, and A woman looked in. She retired in a mo- ry ending*."the sound, when Gabriel rushed to with a lighted"God forbid that 1 should jest at such a time asthis. No, no. By my honor, Sir Leon, I do mean lamp in his hand.ment, bat soon returned, however, and entered the The knigM walked oa t little While ia a thought- to serve and save thee, if I can. Did you not notice "Ha—Gabriel-is this yoa! What means all A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THEJ3RKAT FAJ^,"I have heard it spoken of."L> are, and they surely mean nana good. ,W|CAI make our escape into the *treet."Theabove is<*1101 this story that willbepub- "And she, as you rode together, did respond in lished in our columns. The 'Continuation of itfrom where it ltn.vt» off here can be found only at the Mow ¥trk Ledger, the great fanifly paper, wakm is for sale at all the stores throughout theed freely, they found plenty/* things to talk about. . of love himself had painted it with a briUu. Vnd » will find the continuation of the story from whenis not Lula his affianced bride ? Doth he not expect , t leaws off here.And do you think that Abu Zamar could notsee this? Upon my soul he saw it all, and knew It city and conrtry, where papers are eold. Kernels- very well; for it was written as plainly upon the J ber and awk for the Now York Ledger of July 21,Sir Leon gazed upon her until he was teat in wan- fairly broken the reserve, so that conversation flow* maiden's face and upon your, own as though the god ; which waH be ready Monday next, and in- it y<*der at her transcendent beauty; nor was he re- called to himself until she raised her eyes towards him. As he met her glance,-«o full of Ueliette grati-•T.eon told her of his home in Normandy—of hi*broad estates and thriving villages—of his great oldThe storm it « m now upon as. See—It is almost ttufe, his tongue was loosed, and he found speech. castle, and numerous retainers—and ef the nataro BOcause for enmity towards thee?" tr two copies for $3. Address yoar letters ahere. Thesuaisgone,andthevainiscoav.ng." •¥airlady,"heaaid,**Itrust<|»atIHavenot ofthecountryanditspeople. Thentheytalked\>t[ **Well,wall,"returneddeBournay,alttttebnpa- RobertBonner, publisher, 40Park row,Set Wwas as Gabriel had said. The wind oramesnd- fettoaded upon yoa. I might not have brought my- Bpain—of its government—and of the occajieaal York. It is the handaotueat and bast family pap«desjry sweeping upon the river with % eheorieos •ef thus in yonr way had not this storm driven war between toe Moors and toe Christians. tteatiy," be may find cause for enmity, bat htj will 111 the country, elegantly illustrated, and ebarat."Tat, tut, Gabriel, yon go beyond the bounds ofFW A BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GRKAT FAMILYthey were, and then followed the knight to his pri- A Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will be nadf- Abu Zamar bade his attendants to remain where"And yet it is a question which I wish you would answer ."StoniA BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAMHY Paper, the NEW YORK LEDGER, will toing which yon can say or do will have the least in- fluence npon my future movements. I shall obey the laws of the land, and keep myself within the bounds of strict propriety: but beyond this 1 will acknowledge no mentor.""By^the beard of the Prophet, Sir Knight, you are running your infidel head into fatal dangerly cried the Moor, with his hand resting nervous!" upon the hilt of his sword."Since the danger is mine, I shall boldly meet it," replied de Bournay, growing more calm as the other became more angry."Is it thus you will have the matter left!" de- manded Abu Zamar."Itis."Monday, at 12 o'clock.await someThough the esquire said no more, yet he waa te JEJL Paper, the «i&i wiQ t ewards sought their rest. •ill be How long de Bom-nay bad slept he couldnot tell, Koaty,atatowOF THEday, at 12 o'clock. ^BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GRKAT FAIIILT Paper,the NEWYORKLEDGER,will bereadiBRILLIANTGRKATP AHII*Pa.pBer,. tb.e~.NEW YORK IKYWIW, will toBRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GRFAT FAMttTlA.BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THE GREAT FAILPaper, the MEW YORK LEDGER, wiU be rea* Monday, at 12 o'clock.onday, at 12 o'clock. MenA RRTIJ1ANT NUMBER OT THE GREAT F£L Paper, the NEW TORK LEDGER, will be rati IA A12 0 clock.A BRILLIANT NUiMl BER OF THE GREAT FJM Paper, the NKEW YORK LEDGER, vill M Monday, at 12 o'clock.r, M W « e vOF THEGREATFAKE!TJX>« &- t yoa tatt of gaming Lulah?" *Jtet,Jto7,tttite>twefi. Is she not tee prond-years of age, with a strong cast of Arab features. this subject I shall be governed entirely by my "Bat I did, my master; and I can swear that hetoarttatat.ShewasDoris,theviaedresser'sfulmood,an!finallyhestoppedkndsnake:— thecountenanceofthatsnake-eyedMoor,theGov*thisdisturbance?"jgLP•aMpeINri,tBhBtWe*«to»W YORKLEDGER,will , at 12 o'clock.A GREAT FAIJUJ BRILLIANT NUMBER OF THEwife—a small, pleasant looking woman, some fifty "Gabriel, 1 ato not offended j at anything you trnor ot Cazalte?"have aakl; but I do BO* with to hear any more upou "Xo--I did not look him in the face."There ire. men in the garden, my large body of them.-•On thegarden?"'Yes. They must either have healed too waH, or"FrlemK" she saJd, ^drandng a little, way into own judgment, and the .'OHM ^u-fucXS be upou my means tbee no good. Scre'y you know hat cha-Faser, the S I W Y I I LEDGER wW -« '••1 else bare forced the water gate. Bat there they Monday, at 12 o clock.{be room, "we mast ask your kindness and for-own head.Now M it pass."Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069racter?"UntitledDocumentwww.fultonhistory.com 