 IIE*l•1».•;Richardson, Spence &' Co. report Corn slightly higher; Mixed and Yellow 32/. . •!•-.•• /. ,: • ' .•..•..'-.•'iA few days after a Japanese steamer quietly Hapoleon was at the Chalons camp. It was denied Druses have engaged the Christiana in open warfare, The General, however, succeeded in reaching Leon, dropped down the Bay from Yeddo, then an armedin Japan they might be called, bordering the wood- land paths with a prodigal display of purple, andl scarlet, and crimson, and orange, and yellow, load- ing tbe air far and near with perfume in that inex- haustible profusion which nature sometimes loves toTWO-BAYS LATER FROM EUROPE.*• But with the aid of these b?ave Moslems most of ttt?deli whithsr the^Gcycrnor.hiad retired at the. be-^ginningjOfthe dieoider.. • i'.:.,, _,fr-..^f % •'p" The number of Christian^ vbiima is already .hand diplomacy.as Mime others a good lesson. I MCoxrwpe&ctaBce of Tho Lcndon News. ' -•'••• A^OMI'-**"" rKRTVAL OF THB ET2TA AM> GLASGOW. BEVROUT, July 19,I860....tcr* lltbrast, & dispiitohed-ybu a teleirram via.•.-^.v-^fTHE COUNTRY TRANQUIL*>i': 'COMl\2/)0OT«»w.ff SaMO'Vtrttet* ti.OOOMi-"©*.! ©jOPfc At..10,000 do..*,**)m Est 2C.0OO H*rt«te 2,0*? Mb. OIt M. 5,000Mh H i|9,CH» <K>. JMKO Cbic. *t 4,0*0 L*k* f. 0/00 L*k» X lOlnrindKa/.ib CorvnutcAi8 ArtlMa* Hi 40 IVi &nd1 SOC«ntot> O30<) P*\ Mbi'; <T73 Bran**i< 100 do.Hi CLioMp i.J^rt Scylla Invested by the RevolutlODiata.•-'Yeddo to Japanese eyes appears unusually quiet. iiflSculties of Fdreiga Merchants* The feuds of. powerful Princes alarm its populationftem Eur©**,ahbovgHr'tt*newsismeager.The H©Ya-Sectiaa arrived off Irtadxmderryon themassacrethathastakenplacefromthecommencement, thatcontainedinthetelegraphicaccounts. „ ^ ; ,the fiistaccounts >e have received have.been aftejr^ Lftfers from HongKongstatesthat thebulk of tie "BTitieb fleets both veseels of ,,war tnd transports withK A N A G A W A ,My last letter had not ieft the Bay when the re- admit that.the late Regent is really dead. The old by their look and pleasant bals*my smell the scenery" lMtafogof the ? d»»ward foutd"^ describe only half the eviL I t was so the troops on board were still at that placehaving beenof the temperate z<m*f or halting on a hill-topVa settlement, was again interrupted. On the after take the reins of Government m his own. hands. lyin between v~-—r£r*"v r —"**«» ouuvuu expanse6KEAT BRITAIN.•*s.however^ taken place, and, they were toaided by theSdltan's troops. It was the same when assuming a'., very formidable aspect. English andIn the- House of Commons, on the 6th, Mr. GladV. stone, in reply to Mr. Berkeley, said that through the jwe received thenews" of the maesacreat Hasbsyia of700 Christians, being first disarmed by the commander the wall8of Shangbae^ . ;„,;;;'.!'.;,, ^., ' •:•,, : \ ".quartei s within the Custom- Houselnclosnre. They were armed with swords and muskets, and had twolb Kanagawa. He was supposed not vo be here,though hia family crest was placed over the door ofhis temporary residence, ana he was daflv visible inF o r 1 1M> a m « a d s o * i r t2 3 8JOTJsti awberrit s, " snakeberries," as the Japanese call them, are plenty in the fields—strawberries in size and color only, for they are dry and tasteless astha apples of Sodom. The apricots have more than30* 100 2C080 100;do.. do.. do.doCloy, t p ! ','. »fohes have gone to seed; lettuce is fibrous;is.".. '•.••• 33Tu»-Bd8y.at 9<ig for money and account yBELGRADE, 6'J^—Serious6Kurbanoe took pl*oe ye*--terd*y between fjcrviane, Turk*, and some Bosmfctv the •C^|rJtetia»e;'>.e^...WfibJed tp^.'fidd.'al.r^a^la the:by the foreign repreeentatrves, the Japanese will press its continuance on the plea that it is neces- sary for the protection of the place, or to drain thepaddy- fields perhaps*:! 'ltMtipt"ifof&mv;\Mri> It in the opening of the first Japanese Swnxner forev that the Japanese* seek*to magnify thedahgerB" ^onth, and the appearance of the country is detent, that threaten,, the -betters to enable theni to carry:' .fuh fields and hJUeides are clothed with the ^ch- ont theirv8ygjem of ]defense, \which is to isolate and est verdure. Horseback rides: through the ahadedlsailors. The garrison remained quiet...Smyrna, igiyiogv.the summary ;of the first ac-. nearly 300.' The: insurgents have not yet besh putwhen the refugee Christians flying to Sidon on the 2d June were met at the gats of that town, and upward of 300 men, women, children, monks, priests, and nu£s were butchered by an infuriated Moslem population,detained by adverse weather. $ favorable change hadThis is after the old/system of naybocn, of which sh e in either two hill ridges, with a brea&h of e: ; ;;; The U. S. Frigate John Adams was at Foochow, and the steamer Hartford and ^gunboat Saginaw were at Sbanghae. ..<• , • . -v •.• .. ;•'••:•:••'•', 'tft , i * Melbburnje advices announced that the ministry had * faing »he-duties on paper, books, &«., imported from whole Christian population of Deir-el-Kamar was rssigned, but subsequently withdrew their resignations. swept, away, by the knives of the Druses, being first In New-Zealand there was a total suspension of hos-80 50 30»200100 300 200 90S 10042Jo...&»....-do...do. do.... do do.... do ... do i.. do.... do- fsdmre of the Atlantic Telegraph Company the con- ' of the Turkish, soldiers, and then.handed over to bepieces of artillery.They were retainers of Yet>">•' ivaet bad become inoperative; but he did not know. butchered bv the Druses.. > . '• ,',..', .{'••'the flesh and a pair of extraordinary petticoat trow- from behind the hedge-rows, bearing deliciou* zizu no-Kami, in whose military precinct Yokuha- aevB. At the,head of affaire now stands Prince bananas and pines. The wind drives a shower ofma, lies,, and who is responsible to the Imperial MatBdaira, whose antecedents of hostile feeling and dog-wood blossoms in our faces, recalling us from our tropical dream, as sprinkled water brings back Government for its protection against all foes, behavior toward foreigners are well know here. <o the cbce>8 the fainting life. W e pass on through"Whether it was void m point of law.The subject of the paper duty was then taken up. Of the wholesale murder'of Christians atHasbeyiaMr. Gl»d*»one moved the first of bis two resolutions we at first-heard but half the evil. So also when theFrame,maccordancewiththecoearneraialtreaty;Ble...rdisarmedbythelocalTurkishGovernor, it was onjy tilities.. ! t '.-.•';'•» :•-••:•>'.•,-.^/-'.vf•:•>:•'.•:'•'•'''•'"i'"', •poke at length in explanation of his proposition, andforeign or domestic.In the evening a likocohtii-He was dismissed fromhia office of Prime Minister only a few months since, greatly to the relief of our Minister Resident,'-'Mr. Harris, Who had had a suf- ficient taste of his quality. HJS recall to the direc- tion of the Imperial counsels has more of evil au-a never-ending panorama^of landscape beauty. • Warm days and wet days succeed each other :n the proportion of one of the latter to two of tbe former, weathor which stimulates vegetation to rapid growth. While our nights are wannerthan the nights of May at home, our middays will average but a little higher range of tbe tberraorae*. ter. It is the New-York June without any extreme*1«rged its adoption, that the lest remnant of the Pro~ by degrees we learned the whole fearful truth. And The Bombay mail of July 7 had also arrived withgent of ahuridredmen were sent into Kanagawa byOki no-Kami, who exercises the same resposibiiityin respecfto thatplace. These, divided into squads,le^tirve rvstem might be utterly destroyed.Mr-. FnlJermoved h7Spr->mis©d amendment, declarmg It to be inexpedient at present to assent to the Govexn-» « » t proposition. •After a general debate, in the course of' 'which Mr.Disraeli denied that any question of free trade or pro- tection was at issue, the Bouse divided-now again the case of Damascus, the first accoant, al- ..Calcutta telegrams, to the 6th July.; ' uf'260 Hadmw iurJO do100 Hwl.-,„l<..,b 200 do... 100 do... *3W>. do... 270 do...M Mich. Con II 80 do3000 do.though horrible enough, was.not nearly so bad as we now find the actual detail io"be. In myjSrst telegrata I announced that the number of Christians massacred amounted to 500, but there are now ascertained to have been upward of 2,000, some accounts giving twice tha number. On the evening of the 14ta lusu-thernasaa ere, having lasted six days, csasad for the simple rea- son that no more Christians could be found out of. hid- ing to murder. The fire also was stopped for muoh the aame reason, namely, that the whole Christian quarterSir James Outram was about to return to England onMtoirterfal mtfor&j.,;...,»v,»»vThe original reeolntion was then carried, and the —the habitations of 15,000 human beifgs—-had oeen and Tuesday were 22.000 bales, of which 8,000 were to apecula-secojid resolution, affecting paper net the produce of barneft down. The residence of Mr. Brant, the En- toru and exporteni. The market closed firm at the quotatlonB of Prance and Algeria, wae agreed to without a division. glish Consul, had been spared, heixg in the Moslem the previous Friday.Prior to the assembling of Parliament Lord Pal- quarter, ana close to the great moeoue, which would ST A TE OF TRADE.-^The advices from Manchester jnerston received 170 of his supporters at bia private certainly have caught fireTiad the British consulate axe unfavorable. Fricea were slightly lower, with a fair demand.18 up for California, which disposes of all the Cali-half their growth; the good-for-naught cherries a r eCopper F»11JI M.Cntm>7w>kHn5K u n c o c k Jlate BOTII* I JfftMtKd ]34trm<*•©**. JJMion*! Worth CUff.... JP«w«blc PitW>iu3k Fontfac ti'iincy .......The stockjnorniDg, and o| feeling of ye ceeded the b> and succeeds xmder-tow, L siderable da*. This hesitancjl after the rapid]of the fact ' the results un o w b e i n g r> of the Wesu after week points, and ex the public. Tfc as well aBof t rise, and area influential me* OU% in some such means n the market, ai cf the market leea some unea or financial v that the refiaUto arre8tit.h e a v y , b u t t« there being i £tmnes8, alt. advanced i to and closed w:quotatlonB wer ana State 5». i giniaGe, yi| Company, iX); chic Mail, 78^ tic %(%', Erieltcuh 58®58i; Harie^ Preferred, 47' a !gau Central I•and NorthernSouthern and K ' Panama Rai.ro S'?i«8t>i; Gal Cleveland and' Bock Iblattd £ and Qoincy Ua Canal Ct>mf".«n; In foreign bl Tlie eupply ol rates are wi Francs. 5.1<> * Friegbts—T< 30,000 hmh. W boeh. for fatnat 27s.Gd.; '^ Staves, at 30 .; COO firkins »>n F l o u r , a t -,;ii.6 42s.6d. "A.bsrl bags, to Cork, tuns to 0 ! * ^ terms.The busb ft $?38,r>0;* 02; ft 611 30; B«. •<.The attentiiM neee' tale of th Worke «dvt-rtijThe earcinvr* the second wee oett. TIMS runaDo.The 'eeecud' about $y,000 irw reported to jii\eThefoUovi) i Pudftc R^iln dMAI.-»K pMaw|4vt».i Frt-iglu.. ..M*a»,..v... In r. ii.The July esr arc about $35 0 A striking tiii ods of prosper** t h e la^t 'anniuti Bailroad Corr<p^freight, BIJOW Uaverage amount ^t3 78 8-10, ami i reduction was f< date mentionv^i S-100i>ertuu. or 185:J, and lew bj 1830. The aver xiod dmiDg tl. Jand in 1831 reached, an miles. The iv during tins pet i.o 5212-lOOc. in 18>x jpertnupermilv^hfTerence betws than is furnisluH these disadvautearned actually paying eurreut Vithabusiness |>acity, and with road should gw:i stock for the pr<The specie shi is a little more specie from theresidence, and fully explained, to them the poSiion of Government. . . •been burned. ^ Poor Mr. Grahame of tne Irish.Presby- C.loths were dull. . . . ; .'•.LIVERPOOL BREADSTUFFS, MARKET.—The weatherterian Mission, was murdered within a few. yards of had been unfavorable for the crop*. Messrs Wakefield, Nash & the consulate, to which he was making bis escape from Co. report Flonr firm and *iightly higher for good: American 27/6fornia fleet. Ten vessels, mostly barks, are loadingturning red. Cucumbers of a little more than ftThe Government had decided on having the wholeof the iron-plated steam floating batteries pat in a state a house which had been burned over his head.; AU tbe -©817. Wheat firm; and fine Red slightly higher;'Red 10/6011/4:pay a remunerative profit with the present depre- penny a basket.of thorough repair, and made ready for immediate 'service. ..The House of Commons had passed a bill /or amal- garaatiDg the European and native armies in India.Queen Victoria was paying her annual visit to Scot- land. She traveled thronjro from London to Edin >*rgh by rail during the night of the 6th- On the 7tb« she reviewed 22 000 Scottish volunteers at Edinburghamid ibe greateet-WDtonBiasm.The looming Chronicle says it has reliable informa-tion that the Ordnance' Select Committee of the Com- jsens have sent a condemnatory report of the Wnit- wertb gun, in which it is stated that they are not cli-• ipbleior her Majesty's service.. In the House or Commons on the 6th in reply to aWhite 11imtlG Com is quiet at the late advance; Mixed and Yellow8i/'e'3i/6; White 84/035/. ,,,..affair; "the soldiers were sent by persons in an-" thority above him; it was his duly to receive them ciation of the dollar, are not rapidly collected foru shipment. The Japanese merchants complain that unquestioning." It appears that Mito's followersfrarsof the Terra Santa, or Franciscan Convent, eightpriests and a lay brother:—consisting of three Austriahs,three Spaniards, two Italians, and a Maltese—weremurdered, and their church and residence piiloged andburoed. But what is perhaps most revolting of all is, not quotably lower. Lard firm hut quiet. Tallow easier but f a t some 700 respectable Christian women—wives, not lower.I have seen no curiosity of vegetable growth great-er than that of a Wistaria I came upon a few daysharems of the Moslems, others s >ld to the Kcurds, Be- owing to arrivals. Ash-B: Pots quiet at 28/6; Pearls quiet at douins, or whoever would buy them, and very many 29/. Sugar steady. Coffee dull. Bice quiet.taken away from their homes into the desert by these barbarians.they value their heads. Here is an instance to which while its creeping vines ran riot over a plantation Kather a strange Japanese way, one would, think, I was personally knowing. A Japanese merchant of palms, stunted by this green serpent's embraeeThroughout the fearful scenes and events whichlasted from the" Monday to the Saturday, Achmet firm, and particularly so in eommon American descriptions,ficers, the local authorities thought it safe to takePasha, the governor, never moved from his serail. or which are fully as hi«h as yesterday; sales probably 10,000 bales palace, nor were any steps taken to stop the outrages, or more Imports 3,100 bales.-some precaution. Hence all the military display on quer, stated that the contract between the Govern- except that of sending into the town troops who imme- . LONDON,Aug. 9.—Opening price^ consols for money, the evening of the 2d. The 13th passed by, but jeeat and the Atlantic Telegraph Company had become diately joined in the pillage, in many cases taking part 98J0931; for September account, 93i@93i; new throe per the programme was not fulfilled. In Kanagawa,S oy from Mr. Beikeley, the Chancellor of the Ex-'veid, and hereafter the government would exercise n e a t caution in entering into farther contracts of simi- lar undertakings.'IBAETCE.jin the-massacre. Although an old man, and going out cents, 93$®93$. , ; ' ' / at the risk of his life, the English consul, surrounded bythe soldiers'of Oki-no-Kami, in their green suits, stamped in white with the household crest of'their master, added a livelier feature to the street poj>u- lation. The rattling of suits of armor could be heard under their outside loose sacks. They were a better looking class of soldiery than those we seewas laid before a Custom-House official, who talkedto the native merchant, and the upshot of the mat-ter was that the native merchant then and thereasseverated that it was all a mistake, he had beenmisunderstood by the foreign merchant; but now itlilac-colored flowers swayed with the wind in pen- dulous racemes a foot and a half long. The Japan- ese dwarf this vine extremely, training it also over arbors where its long pendants have an effective display. The lilac colored variety grows wild in the hills about Kanagawa. The pure white variety Xa strong guard of Abd-el-Kader's men, fouad meansthree or.four times of reaching the Pasha, and of beg-ging him to take some steps to etay the outbreak. Butno, he would do nothing, alhongh at the commence-LATER FROM— •MEXICO.ment of the riot bis troops, regulars and irregulars, out-numbered the rioters by at least ten to one. Can we inet* The day previous to her sailing, tbe EnglishThe iioniteur announces that the Emperor, wishing.to give Abd-el Kader a token of the sentiments whichJkie noble conduct at Damascus has inspired, has eon- be surprised at the native Christian subjects of the 29th, with the important news that Miramon had sus- disappeared as quietly as they came. A small bodyJened on him the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor. Porte mistrusting the Turkish officials and troops after tained another and severe defeat near Lagos, where he remained with the two field -pieces at the Yokuhamaand found the Japanese merchant there ahead ofhim to tell, him the Custom-House scene was abroad farce and cheat, for bis head was not safe ifhe became an informer against his Government. Icould give many similar instances. The longerforeign merchants reside here, the more, of course, across. I have seen the bushes or small trees, as they become acquainted with the people, their lan-It was rumored in Paris that the regiments of the this ? The tragedy of Damascus is but a repetition of has been a long time surrounded.fine were to be increased from 102 to 110. the events wbuh have happened in the Lebanon since It would appear that after obtaining reinforcements The Bourse on tl e 6ch was dull and heavy at j de- the 29th May last, only, on a larger scale. And ob- to the number of 4,000 men and 30 pieces of artillery,aBne. Benres closed at 68f. 15c. On the 7th the serve a most significant fact conoected with these he attempted to make bis way through to Queretaro, Boars* was firmer. Bentes €8f. 25c. Syrian massacres—namely, that although all along the but wab attacked and hisarmy completely cut to piecea.' Cuetom-House; so another day's excitement came up and died away again.I have bef >re spoken of the Azaleas. Nowhere else in the world, I fancy, do they have their equah?. I have seen the hill-tops all aglow with their crim- son petals, as though a conflagration was sweepingthat he is to have a meeting with the King of Sardinia. and, after the horrible custom of. this laud, burnt their where he ^was again surrounded at list accounts, ahaJapanese bark came into tbe harbor, a police force was placed aboard of the Prince of Satisuma-s great tub, which until lately has been a storeship for United Stages coals. The Governor was as ignorant as be- fore ; they were sent, and he took care of them, was the extent of his imparted information. As the foreign settlement was already beleaguered with guard houses and guards on the land side, this ship-guage, and customs, and the keener they become indetecting the throwing of obstacles in the way oftheir trade by the authorities. The latter,-there-fore, are resorting to a new evasion. A Japanesefriendly to foreigners, whose word is undoubted, exhibit. I have picked the blossoms, and, throw-ITALY. Druses massacred the Christians in cold blood except at such places as Turkish troops were present.The Paris Pa trie and the Pays state that a dispatch In fact, the native Christians of Syria have a far had reached Paris annouociog the unopposed disem- greater terror of the Turkish troops sent to preaerveorder in the province than they have of the Druses; or barkation . of 1,500 Garibaldian volunteers in Cala- even of the Moslem population. This very morning IThe courier also brought down the news that Robles had evacuated Jalapa and faUen back on Perote., and that all the principal towns of the Valley of Mexico had pronounced in favor of the Liberiy party.It was further stated that Sr. Pacheco, the Spanish Minister, had openly given out in Mexico that he hasing them down ,ou the earth, have measured them as they rested ou their petals a foot in circumfer- ence ! A Montan peony lies before me whose broadA rumor was current that the Neapolitan Envoys to Tuxks^—not 'paying them—are. in absolute dread of Toiin, having seen the impossibility of concluding an them. No later thari last week, here in Beyrout, aalliance between Sardinia and Naples, were to leave Christian child of eight years old was, in open day, andTurin forthwith.All was quiet in Naples.The Government was preparing to operate againstunder the windows of the Government palace, treated with unmentionable atrocity by one of the Bashi- Bazouks, her mother's cries being heard in the very ball oJ (so- ailed) justice, bat no notice whatever being"bad men." These measures have been taken since ers with liberality. They either do not know how double white roses. I have seen the vine growingIke Garibaldiats, who have invested Fort Scylla, in taken of the circumstance. Tbe man, owing to a very Calabria, opposite Messina. strong remonstrance on the part of the Consuls wasthe assassination of the two Dutch shipmasters, andparticularly, since the assassination of the Regent.How both these events are traced. to the revengefuldisposition of Prince Mito I have already told. It hundred Japanese soldiers marched through Kana- of February, received a week since. A letter from is not pretended that any one else has any desire to gawa, having in their charge the last survivors of hence to the Atlantic States, and its reply, takes aThe Paris MonUeur announces that the representa-tives of the Great Powers assembled on the 3d, for thepurpose of signing the protocol etipala'ing that the him without punishment. Upon this some vagabondseffect. A Paris telegram of the 5th says: " Yesterdayf at 4 o'clock, the Turkish Embassadors signed all the the fellows arrested and put in chains; he afterward *' protocols which empower France to send an expedi- condemned them to sweep the streets of the quarter- " t i o n to Syria. The expedition is expected to sail on inhabited by the Christians whom they had insulted.We take the following from The Brcnham of yesterday:Rangerpose to open a small additional tract to foreign set- tlers,but are determined and resolute in confining the foreigners to the low lands, when there are exten- sive bluffs convenient for residences, and lifted above the malaria of the swamps. The foreigners must bo confined to the unhealthy lowlands, or the Jap- anese project of surrounding'them with water would be abortive. The Japanese have managed—been permitted, perhaps, would be nearer the truth—to have their own way in the settlement of foreiguers on Yokuhama Bay, by first virtually driving them from IKanagawa, and finally hemming them in at Yokuhama. Of the additional grant the Japanese propose to make to the ibreigu location, the French have secured one-fifth, to he held separate and apart to themselves, though there is not to-day a single house representing French 'mercantile inter- ests. This setting up a separate nationality on for- eign soil was tacitly if not openly consented to by the American and English Embassies at. Yeddo, wherein, I think, they have fallen into a grave error. The contest in China on this point is yet fresh in ourremembrance,whenthedecidedstandtakenby Consul Gray was generally approved.String how lots were thus being disposed of, sev- eral Americans, who have for months past partially abode in shanties, waiting; for diplomacy to Svork out their salvation, concluded to introduce a more directAmericanwayofsettlingsuchmatters.Ledonr umber of shivers which have left that coast. It seesoa that it was cu»tomary for three British men-of- war to be kept at tbe Congo River, one ut its mouth, one to tho noitb, and the other to the south of it, for the purpose of inlere*pting flavors. Those vessels have J><wn with- drawn altogether, time leaving tho extensive cruising giound to be guarded solely by our national ships. The cauae given by the Admiral for this act is that hifl crafts were perfectly useless there, all the suspicious clippers taking refuge under the protection of the American Hag. I hoar thutthe Commodore of the Con- stellation is about to somewhat concentrate the UnitedStates men-of-war near the CoDgo.We are taking in coal, provisions, &c., preparatoryto our df paxturo, which we expect to take place on the-'let. •;-•'.;,-,;..:,The Niagara has worked comparatively well »»<*we left, but I am inclined to think that she won't lastvery long. Sailing distresses her in a marked manner."Tuesday." A dispatch to The London Daily Tele-graph says France alone sends her 6\t)O0 troops to Sy- the streets of the Christian quarter, great efferevsencethe Cousulates themselves are being in- closed with a high picket fence- of shapened-" At this sight of Moderns beiog obliged to clean ria. England declines actively to join the expedition. ensued among a portion of the youth of the lowestThe Paris Pay$ saysthe regiments destined for Syria class of the Moslem population; they invaded theDemocrat:./. on a low reach of land, with the sea in front and " We undertand that several Abolitionists have beenleft Chalons on the 4th. Four steamers had also left'Christian quarter, and rescued the prisoners by forceToulon for Algiers, to embark troops.' from the guard. Then arose a scene of disorder; theGreat agitation prevailed in Candia, Jiddah, and Moslems attacked the Christians, and set fire to theirquietly hung in Northern Texas—the object being, not swamps and paddy fields in the rear. The Japanese to spread such facts until tbey secure many others, have already commenced the work of cutting a whose names have been revealed by appropriate Com- broad, deep moat or canal from an indentation of mittees. We devoutly trust every one of the midnight the bay on the north, following around the roar of incendiaries may be secured and hung. Nothing else the town, and passing out to the sea a^ain at thevillages whenever an opportunity offered, yet, mis- with but-little prospect of being able to make good his creants and bloodthirsty as they are, nowhere have the escape.bria, and stating that Garibaldi was expected to arrive was trying to ditsuade a native Christian merchantshortly at Naples, he having been summoned thither by from emigrating to Alexandria, and used as an argu- positive instructions from home in no case to recognizesays that he has seen a secret circular from theGovernment to all the Japanese traders in Yoku-hama-, v hich requires them to buy all their merchan-'ping was a water guard to the fleet of merchantmen dise, of whatever description, through a certain disk, not an exceptionally large one, measures two guild in Yeddo. The inference is obvious, that this feet around. The Pawlownia (Pawlotcnia Imperv-and the town from the water side. Every native junk and boat approaching the Bay of Yokuhama is the direction of the Government. tion, and had declared that a Spanish fleet would soon inspected, that no suspicious characters obtain en-ment to.induce nim to stopthat t&ere would now be no the Juarez Government. It is also seated that the the Revolutionary Committee of that city to assume disturbances in Beyrout, as 4,000 more troops were Minister was open in his denunciation of the Constitu-oils of Siebold) is now in bloom. It is indigenous regulate the prices, and to know exactly what is to Japan, and might be easily mistaken for the Qartalpa, which it closely resembles.Two features in the Flora of Japan cannot fail to strike every observer—the beauty and great variety ofitsevergreentreesandshrubs,thesameextent and variety of flowering trees and shrubs. Of these last, from the opening of Spring until now there hasm^mm*Bu>>4mjm4UNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, AUGUST 20, I860I counts which had reached us respecting the massacre'atGARlSH3>» INCAUABRIA. I Damascus, and on the 15th, by the Trieste stealer, I down,'•• and 'tliey"ate continuing their work. '"Many { .^ARREST OF-THE REGENTS ASSASSINS.mput under fiurveillance the foreigner* to the furthest country lanea are< our*principal recreation. W«•wrote you bll tbe further details whlfth had' then come possible' extent: •••••••.•••• have good horses, and these rural path* so interlaceMoslems who had.given shelter to''.,' Christians, haveto band respecting^this fearful tragsdy. 8incs my last, th^surface of the island Ubat we seldom repeat thaj-'beenrmaBsacred.,':•,.i y the arrival of the Etaa, from ttvetpool on the nels. As a general rule, \be first accounts whioh ye INDIA; CHINA,-M iiisTRitii. W •-./•! &?'. *i»-more foil and accurate details have been communicated by coxsulax dispatches, private letters, and other chan-.;v:-,:,;V\ 'J•."•-.\".',-••••ie,;'-^-'^ b•:•.same route,' As we ride along the scenery vajric* mto imagining all sorts of evil impending. W e with efery 'stage of progress. Now our ride MIreceive of any great calamity are subsequently found7 * and Qu«en*tow» the &h, at this port, and of the to be exagge ated. It is not so, however, in the case " The mails, already telegraphed, had reached Eug:Gfcvgow, from Liverpool the 8th and Qoeenatown the of Damascus, or, indeed, thereat of. this unholy^pers^- land. ,„.,. ! ', v» . ,;••... r *•'• * •,•'•'•' '••' - .•••' ctition of the Chrwtiahs, which at fir^t we were de-«lh, offC»p«B««e»wo have two days later advices luded into naming the civil war on Lebanon. In every There is little of importancoin the news additional toTlic Sca§on Favorably Pr«>greasing.had^ a rumor a few day8 since of the murder of theyouiig Emperor, a rumor arising doubtless from the "reported violent death of some other personage ofthrough fields of wheat and barley, or along tha dikes of the paddy fields. Nowit is up the wooded hill slopes, through openings of oak* chestnut, and]French military,posts had been established all aroundacount of ill health. .Exchange,.aV:Calcutta, , - . . .;stood guard a part of the night in front gury to foreigners than anything Mito has done orBombay were rather hightr. > v ;of theforeign:J :~.-^: .••>•:•, ..,•-•-. ..-. * — . « fc\i .,'This Budden and the strengthening of theof so many soldiers,guards at the gates and outposts could not fail toset the foreign population on the alert. Among the•worthy Hollanders in particular it created someof heat at midday. ^^e had our lamb and green peas a fortnight agoV2/.5-16@2/38Freights - :;< 'ata Consulatess likely to do. This same Matsdaira is said to be the official from whom Mr. Harris received an in- sult at his audience with the Emperor.KANAGA W A, May 25, I860.• The departure of the Carrie Lelandfor San Fran- cisco, offers another opportunity of speedy commu-; COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. ; LONDON MONEY MARKET.—The London Money market won ruichangtsd, wiQx a good demand. Console closed on. .*LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.—-The sales of Mondayalarm. The Vice-Governor was active: inspecting nication with T H E T R I B U N E . This will make the the guard-hcuees and defenses of the town, and third clearance for that port in a little more thanthere was such an unusual bustle and stir among a month, beside one lor Honolulu. Another vesselleaveimme-noon of the 2d inst. a large force of Japanesesoldiers entered Yokuhama, and took np their The Prime Minister recently made a naybocn visitreported, to be on their way hither. "That makes be out in those waters, subject to his orders, even to trance. "What then is tbe significance of all these sold to the foreign merchants. Any one can see atThere is no confirmation of the above report that the exactly," was his reply, " four thousand reasons why the bombardment of the city of Vera Cruz, if found things? Is there any real danger to the foreign a glance that, with Yokuhama surrounded by water,. Qaribaldians had landed in Calabria, farther than a I should send off my fam'ly to Egypt by the very first corresponding statement in a German paper. steamer." And if such is the dread inspired by theregulartroops,whatmostbetheterrorwithwhichtheThe Neapolitan Government had sent a military col- Bashi Bazouks, Arnaouts, and other irregular miscre- ments toget another conducta of $5,000,000 dispatchedumn to Calabria. ants are regarded? English officers in the Crimea from the city of Mexico to Vera Cruz, but no arrange-ment had been agreed upon up to. time of the Clyde's departure. The British Charge' had given notice that l.e would not guarantee claiments agaiost robberies ontbe road, and the merchants of both cities were naturfl ally apprehensive of loss.Among the passengers by the English steamer at Vera Crnz from Tampico, was Gen. Traconis, who is said to have been dispatched by Vidaurri to prefer charges against Gen. Degollado. On the other hand, it is said Gen. DoVado has become reconciled with De-found it difficult to manage' these scoundrels, but thetake any interest in Japanese affairs, or have anything hot having a bill of. sale from this guildfriends in this remote part of the world, would be extremely small. This is a clever dodgeand I will try to answer them as far as to avoid the treaty stipulation. There is no direct been a constant succession. I hope yet to see many possible.,- The only satisfaction any one in of- interference between the Yokuhama trader and the of them growing on American soil. There is ft ficial position will give is that all these extraor-. foreign merchant. " Nothing is more evident than rubus now in bloom whose flowers are as large and dinary precautions are to protect foreigners against the reluctance of the Japanese to treat the foreign- nearly as perfect, and quite as beautiful, as our ownPALERMO, 4>h.—Large numbers of volunteers con- put on bis trial; but, in spite of the Ha*ti-Humayoun, gollado, and entered upon the campaign at or,neartinntdto arrive.NAPLES, Aug. 3.—All efforts to conclude an armis-. tiee with Garibaldi having failed, preparations are being made to repulse any attempt at invasion.the evil doers in this matter. The day before yester- Soyal Army and Navy. .. - day—to the satisfaction of all Christians, to the dismaybut the chances of the people uniting in any great num- bers for his recall appea^ to be small.The exchange of Ui-aga had not yet been effected. At last accounts he was said to be recovering.A report was circulated at the capital just before the Extraordinary left, that a messenger had arrived from Miramon asking the dispatch of troops to him at Leon in all haste. It was also reported that the messenger brought a pronuhciamiento for a "Spanish Protectorate, withMiramon Dictator."molest either the foreigners or the Japanese Gov- the assassins of the. late Regent. • The prisoners ernment. Now what is the ability of Mito or his were two, borne in close norimons. They had been followers to do any serious harm? After the assas- arrested at Miaco. Seventeen men wore engaged sination of the Regent, Mito fled to his own princi- in that deadly assault upon the Regent. Three of pality on the sea, about 75 miles from Yeddo. He them were slain in the attack. Seven others, who seized public buildings occupied by a high Imperial were so much wounded as to endanger their safe officer, and established himself therein. An Em- concealment, disembowelled themselves. Theround Bix months to go and come by the English overland mail. You will receive this via California in sixty days or so. Oh! for that much talk<vl-of ljuae of Pacific steamersand the California railroad, when Japan will no longer seem at the world's end from you. ^^__1Improvements are being actively introduced into theCommander Capeceiazd has been appointed Director «f Marine.The office of Private Secretary to the King had been mBpressed.The King has visited the headquarters of the national guard.According to advices from Naples 300 soldiers, who Were on the point of joining Garibaldi, had been ar- rest ed,The Minister of War had drawn off the troops from Abezzi, in order to concentrate the principal part of the army ar. und Naples.of the local Turkish officials, and to the great surprise of all—Faud Pasha, the Minister of Foreign Affairs at Constantinople, arrived here without any kind of warning whatever. He is armed with fu'l powers, even of life and death, and is accompanied by two Turkish and two Christian commissioners, to loos: into the state of affairs here. Moreover, by the same steamer, we learned to our very great satisfaction, that Namik Pasha of Jeddah notoriety, who had been or- dered to Syria as Commander-in-Chief, was not com- ing at all, but that a certain Haleem Pasba had ar- rived in his place. This was an immense relief to thebassador sent to treat with him was slain, and ho was thus placed in an ..unequivocally hostile attitude to- toward the Imperial Government. There is no incon- siderable number of vagabond soldiery in the Empire, men without employ or support. By virtue of their catte, they are disdainful of work, leading idle, dis- solute lives, and getting a precarious subsistence. Mito has large estates and revenue, and these wan- dering soldiers of fortune are just the ones to attach themselves to his service. He has his own immedi- ate retainers beside. But with these considerable advantages conceded to him, I cannot for a moment believe that he is likely to gather a force sufficient to' make an open demonstration. A secret attack he cannot make. All the avenues by land are too well guarded. The approach by water is down a line of sea coast, and, then up the waters of the Yeddo^G.ulf, where every foot of progress would beremaining seven made good their escape. Their life was not worth a mopaent's purchase if detected, and it would pot be strange if they were ready for any desperate adventure. The popular version is, that they fled to Miaco, and made a bold attempt to seize the'sacred person ofj the Mikado, expecting, if successful, that they would secure the adhesion of a large body of followers. However tills may be, they had a conflict with the Mikado's household guards, when all but two were slain or disembow- elled themselves, and the two survivors of this des- perate band of seventeen, who had shown a courage worthy a better cause, were borne prisoners to Yeddo; there they will undergo the torture of the rack to extort any confession they may make, andNAVALINTELLIGENCE.JTu Movemento of Genoa published an extraordi- Christians here, for Namik Pasha is well known to be nary edipon on Saturday evening, announcing that the one of the greatest fanatics in the whole empire. So 1st and 13th Neapolitan Regiments had mustered in far, then, so good. I only wish that I coall sae that• Calabria, to the cry of " Tiva Garibaldi." Fuad Pasha bad put some of the officials here on trial,Stoeeo had disembarked with 2,500 volunteers, and or bad them under arrest as a preparatory measure. met with an enthusiai-ticreception from the people. Those most implicated in this affair are Kurctvid Pasha,We arrived here yesterday after a passage of rfixteendays from, New-York. Tnero has been some roughweather on tbe ocean 3ince ourdeparture,and wo havohad our share of it. The monitors of the EmbasHy areexceedingly louesomo for New-York, and Tommy'sheart is breaking. He has a lady's small mahoganyWOJ k-box, nearly filled with daguerreotypes of bisno Christian witness can criminate a Moslem, and the Agnascalientes. Comonfort's friends are still active,Christian mother was the only witness.I have full confidence—I wish tbe natives of Syriahad—that the Porte will even yet punish and spare notGaribaldi was almost hourly expected. the Civil Governor of Beyrout; Oeman Effendi, his white men in that place, on Sunday, the' 5th instant,It is reported that the King of Naples has sent 4,200 r*kia or deputy; Achmet Effendi, his swreUry; who were proven to he guilty of inciting insurrection soldiers to B*ggv>, opposite Messina, and these trooon, Tire Pacha, Military Cbief of Division; and Achmet among the elates of that neighborhood. Their names it was confidently asserted, intended to join Garibaldi Pasha, Commander-in-Chief in Syria, and Governor of •were Antney Wyrick, and his cousin, Alford Cable. the moment he lands. At Naples and Rome he is .Damascus. These men have among them to ans <ver They were engaged near the Colony at their trades of 'waited for with impatience.then be executed. The story of this seventeen, fair admirers in Gotham, and notwithstanding tbe vigi-*rt* M———I . I . ^SARDINIA.The Turin journals announce that the Governmenthad contracted a loan of 150,000,000 lire at 80.25.A Milan dispatch states th*t the Sardinian Govern- went had ordered the levy of the classes of 1838 and1839.assured Count Cavour of the strictest neutrality of Prussia with regard to Italy.STEIA.mmeasures which have been arranged in common for went into the Christian quarters of the,:bky and began intervention in Syria shall be immediately carried into to shout and swear against the Christians. Thement to the Foreign Powers, Japanese will be al- lcwed to go from one open port to another in for- eign vessels, and to leave the country under certain restrictions- These are that they shall never re- turn, and that a eum of money shall be left behind sufficient to support their families, if any. This is one step forward, for not only has expatriation un- der any circumstances been hitherto impossible, but an inhabitant of a province of the more powerful Daimios could not leave that province for anoth- er without permission.The foreign location question is one of daily in- creasing vexation to all foreigners who desire to ef- fect a residence. The quarter assigned to them atlated bis Httlp stateroom with the vanity of a BrummeL For two or .three days after leaving the Empire City he was irritable and fretful, frequently expressing a determination to return to America and marry " prettyemooth-baired lady." Now, however, he io getting more reconciled to his exile, and acts like the most contented of individuals. The other attaches of tha Embasey go through tbe daily routine of life pretty much as our officers; visit the deck oocasioiuilly, and! are exceedingly desirous to knowtho "ins and outfl^ of everything on board.I very unexpectedly learned here a mo8t importantitem of intelligence from the African etatiou, which, ifGrahame is well known. .The Prussian Embassador at Turin is said to have THE TRIBUKE reproduces from L'Impartial ofwas hung at Veal's Station last week, for. bring an ac- taken' to the Konak; but the local authority. dismissed tive Abolitionist. A majority of three hundred menChristians complained to the Governor, and he hadArabia.The Governor-General of Damascus had been de-'" The membeTS of the Council and the Elders went will stop their murderous work." break of the bluffs, near Treaty Point, thus to all be tried before the proper tribunals. The Governor- immediately to the scene of the disorder, but were ' The following; reported destruction of the town of intents and purposes connecting Yokuhama into aprived of office, and sent away from Syria in order tohouses. Some 20 Moslems and 30 Christians were killed..Henderson by fire We take from The Houston Tek- Desima-like island. The work is already begun gr aph of the l l t h inst.: on the north side, and an accidental chance" We learn from a gentleman who passed through threw in my way a Japanese map of Yokuhama,Henderson, in ltusk County, on last Monday morning,- with the proposed improvement laid down.that the town of Henderson was set on fire last Suud-iynight,the5thinst.,andwasalmostentirely•consumed. The.draughtsman, in his desh;e to display had been published in the Paris Monittur? They agree invaded the city. The scene then changed, and be- Every house on the square oxcept one, including all some specimens of his skill which I was ear-with the announcement already made by Lord John came much more terrible than on the previous day. the business houses in the place, was destroyed. nestly admiring, my admiration of course in-Bossell in the House of Commons. Fire, (pillage, and slaughter, commenced on . a • " The peoplo in Henderson, our informant says, put creasing with his confidence, brought forth thisTroops hadJsft Marseilles for Syria. vast scale. Many Moslems, as well as Christians, fell no faith in the reported conspiracy, and neglected to map, and explaining his handiwork, pointed out theThe Dublin Tinte* of the 7th contains the following victims. appoint a patrol or keep watch. The lire was discov- proposed canal, and how nicely Yokuhama wouldGeneral of Beyrout had also been arrested.It was said that Russia would send four ships of the E&e and two frigates from Cronstadt for Beyrout. Theunable to check it." The next day, the news of this fracas havingGeneral Admiral was one of the fleet.. Thetextotthetwoprotocolstignedonthe3dinst.,spread, the Druses and a large mass of the dangerous population of the country, profited by the occasion, and0 The machinery is in fair condition. It b iTM TMered oh Sunday night aborit 9 o'clock. No clue had latestintelligence: '*lThousandsof Chjistlaos have found an asylnm beendiscovered,totheperpetratorsofthedeed.lYMUui MPOUT, 1). F. McCof^/^^Xh'. Sur^ou ffchomM K. WATA.MARSXJLLZ*, 6tb,—The troops have left for Syria.. The Finisterre left Toulon yesterday, and the Bar- against fire and sword in the houses of oar bravo,give the" draughtsman credit for the excellence of by:.Califorriians who had had experience in "stakedsghthem, with half a battalion of Chasseurs, bit tot > to-day.»£itfkMegwm ftf m&& &tfarrivedhere, •Moslem merchants. The furious bands set fire even,to some of these Turkish houses in which Christiaiw iectnessof this. (Themails to-morrow will make the pare well with similar work at home. If the prog- "John Brown's claim stake to stake," " Jones &,-i J; •i?':-r" --•••'-•>••• 0£i0ress oftliie work \%interfered with, as it must bo ; Robiiijson/Bclaim 8taj£<> to stato." J dou^luiow .<•<•wereprotected, ,.•* • •i•: :•'.'':,••-.-••••B-imJ mattorcertain,1jCJ/JVI- :-;•Aug. 18, I860, *:.&&',..•From 60* Own CorreBponaont , .'vrank. A hew Regent has not been appointed. In- the fringed leaf of Japan*»e maple. Now undefideed the Japanese Government does not officially the dark shade of forests of fir and cedar, recallingMay 10,pose, of which it spoie as resting upon the foreignrand unexpectedresidences.,appearancenecessary.GreateffortswerestillbeingmadebybothGovern- arethequestionslikelytobeputbythosewho byJapaneseofficials,thechanceforsmugglinginTHE TEXASFRIGHT.GRANDE—THECLUE TO THEFrom the N. O. Delta.Every mail from Texas brings us accounts of fresh disturbances there, the effect of the tampering of Aboli- tionists with tbe slaves. We give below some addi- tional intelligence of late arts of incendiariwui, etc., brought by last night night's steamer. The Fairfield Pioneer extra, of the 7th, has the following:" Mr. Teague, a printer in our ofli<:e, has just ar- rived from Tennepse Colony, Anderson county, and bring tbe news that he witnessed the hanging of two' iTJNITBD STATK8 STKAM-FwifiATK NlAiiAKA, J' POHTO OOASDB, July 17, ltkO. >for the blood of about ten thousand Christian subjects wagon making and blacksmiihing, where they have, seen by thousands of eyes. His followers are farIn di- rect opposition to the orders of his superiors, he has By a recent concession of the Japanese Govern-. twice donned the Christian toggery, and perambu-of the Porte, and as accessories both before and after the fact, any jury in England would return a verdict of guUiv against them, if arraigned for this wholesale murder.P. S. I have just seen a most authentic statementof the Damascus affair; tbe number killed is stated tobe at least 3,500 to 4 000. The murderer of Mr.been liviijr for three or four years. Wyrick had been previoubly taken up fo? harboring and selling liquor to negroes. Negroes were found in the possession of fire- arms and strychnine, furnished b* these men. They weie taken up and severely whipped, and made to divulge much in relation to the insurrectionary move- ments. Other white men are Implicated, and their cases will be investigated and attended to as ebon as practicable." A negro near Science Hill, Henderson county, about fifteen miles from the Colony, was also hiing on the same day, and much excitement was prevailing in the neighborhood."We cut the following from Tlie Fort Worth Chief of the letinstant: 4»" W e learn that a preacher by the name of Buley.more likely to continue their cowardly work of night assassination if practicable. Even this is now rendered, through the vigilance of the foreigners and the precautions of the Government, almost impossible. To this end, the Government have been lavish of men and means; They do not intend that any little band of midnight murderers, obtaining access by land or sea shall embroil them with foreign powers through deeds of blood. If any larger de- signs are covered up,they are not yet to be discovered by any private or official information. There is no fi-eling of insecurity among the foreign population. Beyond a little prudent care in goingout after night- fall, we take no-concern. There is every assurance of safety. There is another view of the affair worthy of consideration, which is that the Govern- ment are playing a bit of a rouse, magnifying the danger, the better to enable them to institute a com- Elete surveillance over foreigners. It lacks butttle of having. Bitch surveillance at this moment, when the guards at the gates of our compounds permit no native to pass in or out without knowingSymrna, a translation of a Turkish letter from Da- mascus, giving the Mussulman version of the origin of the massacre." DAMASCUS, July 13." A Christian, living in this city, having been foand in the house of a Moslem woman, was arrested andcondemned him. This is decidedly an unhealthy cli- mate for alisuch, and we would advise all of that kind to remove instanter."the outset, and some additions subsequently made, true, throws some light on ttye recent increase in tho were long ago taken up. The Japanese now pro-" A few days since several negroes were arrested onMill Creek, in this county, who ackowledge to their his business. Under this plea of protectionhaving poison, given them by white men; for tbe pur-pose of poisoning iheir owners and families, and thatthe day of election was the time fixed for a general in-surrection. They aleo implicated some negroes about posts, cutting off any passible approach, excepttown as being concerned in the murderous plot." : through gateways guarded by Japanese soldiers. IWe cut the following paragraph from The Bclton have before described the situation of Yokuhama,1.860.'settlement either at Yokuhama or Kanagawa ? Such and all intercourse passing between gates watchedbowater-lockedwhenitwas completed. I mustM c <^ ^wWa^h" The above report we give as we have received it. his work, more than I can for his aecretiveness. I claims," the. sea front was speedily, planted withtoy, Boht^t>iHJ .TO sSSSkm JT«1Qr«m**, 0*«r»'•-•••>'', UiSo many unreliable rumors have come through sjago have seen topographical drawings, that would com- sundry stakes bearing cross-boards j which read paseehgers heretofore, that many will doubt tbe cor-Untitled Documentm.'% •:<:"'•i •••-..•'-.'..- -''••':'hi •ARegent no longer appears in State affairs, they say,because the young Emperor is now old enough to look down a terraced valleyt a little alluvial eacpansowe hear so much from the Dutch writers on Japan., . , , ., » ,*° fropkai in its character, and m the density and richness of its' fouagej that the sweet yafas of beautiful Java seem again to bo before us.' There are the palms, and in a moment more the red Malay boys will spring \ritha«hoatofficials that all felt'some anxiety to understand it..Inquiries were made, of >the Governor why all thecommotion. .He replied after the blandest, mostapproved Japanese manner, that it was hone of his trade is somewhat inactive, and the articles that straw baskets that hold two of them, are sold for S1for various ports, hut not with great expedition, as finger's size, brought to market in' little shaBcWLIVERPOOL •PROVISION , MARKET.—Beef heavy., had threatened an attack upon Yokuhama. Placards the Government has again nlaced restrictions on the ago. It grew at the foot of a high oank overhungPork dull. Bacon quiet, and inferior qualities easier, thoughsale of oil and silk. Confronted with an official with ci-jptomeria, where stood an.old waysidedaughters, and eisters of native merchants, shopkeep- 'LIVERPOOL PRODUCE MARKET.—Rosin dall at 4/2ers, and others—have been taken away, Borne to the for common. Spirits Turpentine: Quotations barely maintained, followers of Mito would come down in great force.LONDON MARKETS.—SUGAR firm. COFFEE, buoyant.had contracted to deliver a certain amount of and tbe branches of a largo tree that had been copper. He delivered a portion of the contract filled by its side. Two feet above the ground this amount, and said he had been forbidden to deliver Wistaria had a girth of five feet! About fifteen feet the rest. This -was at the time the sale of,copper from tbe ground it divided oft* into a multitude of was persistently obstructed by the Japanese, in de- snaky vines that extended fifty feet horizontally fiance of all treaty obligations. The foreign mer- over the,tops of the stunted palms, or twined chant, disappointed in obtaining his copper, went around their trunks and among the branches of the with the seller to the Custom-Honse. The case fallen tree, a curious mass of tangled growth. Itaof announcing their belligerent intentions in advance. The 3d of May was the current Japanese 13th, and although the story was believed to be the idlest ofLIVERPOOL, Aiig.v 9—p. m. — COTTON: Market rumors, designed to frighten the Government of-TKA dull and unchanged. Itrcs firm and 3d. higher. TALLOW 52/6. LINSEKD OIL 29/. • ..• LATEST MARKBTS—By Telegraph td> Queenstawn..From The N. Q. Picayune.By the British Mail steamship Clyde, at Havana, we have advices frOm Vera Crua to the evening of the 1stwould be all right. The foreign merchant retiredto his godouns sure of the balance of his copper, have only seen cultivated as dwarfs; it probablyExtraordinary arrived from the City of Mexico, tb9 about us every day. During the day most of themcomes from some other part of the island.had been posted by them in public places at Yeddoand elsewhere, and otherwise distributed, saying they deny it again, for whether true or false, they shrine. Like the oak of Sumner Chace, it was, >that on the 18th of the current Japanese month the would not dare charge the Government with it, as » bidden to the knee* In fern."is an attempt to control the trade of Yokuhama, toto grapple with the largo transactions of commerce, or they will not.in country farm-yards to'the bight of ten feet, white with its scented blossoming. *On the morning of the 12th inst. a guard of aOur latest dates from New-York are to the 18thdevoted to the execution of their master's wishes, would make a chapter of the romance of real life worthy to be placed side by side with a page of Frpissart and feudal days.lance of the Naval Commission, quite a number of per]THEPORTO NEW-YORK—AJA V ANESE I N ---'•"—*what the Japanese officials 'will say to this short-NIAGARA ATHOMESICK FORCREASE OF THE SLAVE-TRADE.I hone it may rea,d them as wellfumed billet dotix are also stowed away in it.g * squadron, 'should there be any trouble there on oujwcwillbedetainedasapo^11 o{ £*»arrivaleft, I send you a complete list of them:As some of our officer* reported the dsy vf* s some of our omw" »»i"" r " « J i"rV Mii'••••w>«^r^mg«agiBaaxiaaiW•ass^as££az^i^uasai ^B8yBBMiBBaaBB8gaBaj^a^MBMBM,^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 