 ;'adM^te which he attached much blame to Con- Slave-trade aa iaiqnitons.".jnrtnniTEnglish troops,.How far this disclosure is worth the cost whether the impression made upon the still imdecided voter is of sufficient force to deter-The nationalpubliccannot but ask, in sending on the bonds ^ so the hotel anxiously awaiting his:^i^|tygBthe waraby decirive battle, -v'^do"^fajriheBritidiComnwader,inthisrespect,was opposedtothecontinuanceoftheSlave-tradegetherrequest of his Boyal NKT&Son,ofthisCity.'ItaOfcpataadayalaterarereceivedby litionlaw' CApplanse,andcriesof Good.*:of the South, will be heeded. siastic admirers would have us believe. TheButthoughthelives of citiceaa, good orik^16w*»MiMiftirTwimT iMtrtof correcUy the North to the Slave-trade, at the time theand weomitTbiCmLWik»gBw-gKaaaaav-OwiiaarIagainstseekingand availablewhoimprisonment. Aslavemaybewhipped or^ otherwise corporeally punUhed by any one of the four hundred thousand masters in tha South, or by their four hundred thousand wives, or by any of their eight hundred thou-za^thr'l'isfj nii,tf*'il'i titi^->-i,r|-.fm>*My v>'-»(VMUr)-TW» OWUM • fi •M-'aMna ftr Tn Douam;Jarhimpose ignorant,and on which it is yet im-well informed withoutStavery and theSlave-trade.be broken Thus. up ning'siiKaaling news from China. The Americans atopposed to the Slave-trade ; that Virginia, Ma-wereuncompromis- and that New-England was decidedly against it, but not disinclinedto a compromise, on the basis of conceding toandable plan of promoting a partisan cause, may lied upon to stand by their country in the unpleasant pre-that their interests are not It looked after. It is reported that the jri, flying the flag of Com. Stiubi.iko, had t pi«..»gh«i, but had left port without offering ^ifUjgtlinn to American citizens andproperty. Un- nilfihla mmors were current in Hong Kong that had met -with reverses on the Fei-ho.andingly hostile to it ;torchlight, supplied by gaskerosene, andthought of conciliatingpopulationwould suffice to meet. This places the Ad- ministration in a somewhattile Prince that the visit did not take ss place;»^ffmh«i complainrylandPennsylvaniain- ^afqmtatod, the sul^oined note, received by thethaUa Mrt <rf August was the day fixed for the at-ample powersit is un- four or are black slaves. been, would have proved him a defaulter millions, onc-tiiird,;^HeaNiv-Traa, Oct. U, laaOL t Messrs. J. Oumet A Son :1that,if this kind of unionsarevduntary,maya th* iMrat oM» n*M. ^Mtaaia.lii»Mlrt»< •»• Prtn. IB wiawmi.took decided groundMr. of likewise.,that the civil war whkih haslMelisome months in that i BqmbBo is «jtopot.Qie Kimi to pren at astrained by the opinions here given that they truth of which the world has had a fresh aad aand children, who are targe enough to wiehl thize WHfa eHker ef the oppeelag '"-^'ii^^ua&otherjected by hu master, abort of the taUng of alpiqaeaandamhitian. IjCishotSeetfBB^t'ttk,fugitive and a wandereri over the earth. That heof anylife or maiming.^Wtk iod Qaeenftown (m the 11th. Our ,lMwe««r, ia not lecalved, owing to In tabgt^iUc ctamectioii. NoIndependence was made, should be continued ; In de- manding that the InsUtation of Slavery, which existed when the Constitution was should have atime, and before going through with it he seems to be conscious that he is understood by the people, and hesitates to threaten dis- union in the event of Lincoln'selection,will at another time attempt to show the im- Whether the Southern States remain in the portance to the Southern people of conforming perityantqxKtedfromItaly. Since (rf Caaerta—or Voltonjo, as it is called of the belUgerents had remained un- ci the battle received render it ir-ttwttt waa one of the most bloody and pro-__Union or out of all will the im- their slave codes to the humane, practical re- go it, a^mitportancetothemofbeingabletotakecareof formswhichitisallegedhavetakenplace. themselves, to defend their rights and honorThe Post-Office Defalcation.It would now appear certain that the United strous statements which we have quoted There seems to be a general appreciation of States must fail to recover any portion of theja'g*^-Of''i^f'tluaHicreased in numterindemandtttgthatshould haveas ,'^^il«)r prafaAlr tboag^tthafilitiraea of the ex-King, butamonghear much of their wailike—that without-f^-y^^^ry^^*^--J..^ -^-!?-<<^^'!^«He<'^'-r^-'^<>^-T>^^taTin Dofc-ry on which it would be presumptuous to sup-Mr. Madisov, of were violent in their Virginia,is propounded in no spirit of empty dogmatism. the institution U neariy extincts all thehr tion of the parade w& befctmd In 1^ aMa- ?m ra*«dla»«rXtMM4rirawrrviSWcMtf- impeaching)vanityquotations. Mr. 'Wilsos, of Pennsylvania, authorities should insist upon the serriedhosts denied by taw the privilege of learning to read counts from New-Graaada do aot iafidiMttw^ driven back ia great disorder to *op(Capaatwithaaearimstedlossof thinkthatisafairhas made ato know that their in this A. CoNovxa, from the p^a^ties ot their bond. Granada are all that could be derired.of regulating commerce and navigation thantack^ontheTakuforts. Therewasconsiderable werecontainedinthefirst outlinesofaCon-anaccepting" incompleteb^ween the French and1^ a ganeial feeling pervaded English society inStates,tafnaaamg.strengthmercial interests, had insisted upon the right may.be measured by these mustering thous- liberty to all ?'.''f^ thatf^^aam&omBuenos Ayresof taxing exports as well as imports, and ofaterrificgale 'eonad in the La Plata during the 29th and'M w«e driven ashore. American ships suf- tion reported by the Committee of Detail, no .AaitfiaM damage than others; none were lost orands, are not adults, and, of course, are notysstsBds inSort yofthe City Hall, and received— havea employments. They? Ifperpetualpeacepeppered^MMtituismeagre,The bales of red flannel, contributedThe same may also be said of the white mus- variously unmorUUzed in this way, to plaaaa tkacity ,tha afbet that the Liberals haveinterests or prejudices, and nothing to those ofobtained to Washington without Mr. Chab-the Prince in dropped^4oifli* ttfll^Bpon Guadalajara.by eightmillions of whites, less four millionsupon and sat for another„. ^ mnaieg"»*y»*'^TM*recognizedhiapracticalway te^MW*ofthe soldiers of the second revolu- IMMQnav.shouldbedone? Wouldwe linfor contributed banners,Prince'sodd '^•' fancy.gimwU&BMaWT, for arson in the first degree, from them, and as It vrasob- angleschssM' of Oov- the City, where the passa^ of a procession part of wisdom to proposeIkAadarge of wfiftUy setting fire totheiem- jections as 1MB So. SS Ooarck-street, occupied by hlb as a eniment, hewlmnetwtA groeery stor& on the Silh of Karch find It." M^waa eOBuaancad,' end the etUsnce for theto the thought It best tocob- littie trouble was created here and there byroyalty, and is rapidly^^ , oA that lor the»i_-^ portion defence,TlHCcnrt adjourned till this morningsatisfactionand businessof have manifoldhad beenthe liberal disbursements Marshal Btndebs, who is rumored to|.^"J'twt"iB«D7.twttmwny oif other witnesses for the whenfalrlyexplained,comes to thisinvolve. We now inunediate daylight parades. Those terly unpreparedand theare ut- and reapoBsi-ia^arnirel ~.:Ubany,The defei^ant wasGeorgia and South Carolina, irto goes tocareaWe dismiss themadet a goeatton in fliat iagain view of theB from and are ex-habitant ofmoneytheyroister,tb. TUMT*•«' FMt-The of.tharow(«sof Cpngreastlhat ttato has expcasdyOw «etaaB,4BrteM«^^^»iopIk* OUT feroo^tto the discoesion of political topics.Mr. Baldwih. ofGeorgia,1.Upon one or two points of his speechesannoyance into important pelled to minister to the owner's pleasures, and maa^^ wsie fke Wgadea fa eaidtbers of the Union, If the clause (allowing the admis- business streets, and destroy the trade of the though they be vicious or crimkiaL There is andnnmeraas«imtt»dMaioBs,RiBiagpea(te sionofslavesfrvmAfrica)wasrejected." dealer, anddivert fromtheir industrytha notawforthemarriageofstavesinanyof (hetimeofasaztiBlaHieandnnderthalfUapossible to belieTC himis toOur forefathers VlW ImportedGovernment He could not, withcon-which of thetwopaitiealawould be hafdypeoatUe fcr any oaa^jyaLte- mediately inteieated ia the iaaaei to aiiajihis integrity.The relationsposted,thereforeoffspring may Theythe General Governmnnt moretainly a truism. And so fartoplies political processionsas it ap-stitution which had beenagreed upon.The"CtenathattheaHiancewasincongruousandem- Northernmembers,whorepresentedthecom- antthe thatthe impressionandThis is the first and most important ques-iAngaat last, creating widespread destruc- having the exclusive control of navigation voters and so ;SecM' vessels ibondered and manv of all laws. But, in the rough draft of the Constitu- of numbers iscan it.'we fear, help to place him in a better they had fitted up a sumptuous (^peiatiBg room. a frank answer, light before the public. Having represented immediately under the Prince's apartments at~dia|»«lt«Wthe .head ofmoving seitslbly otTnorthisaidi, dflAe^ liilr W1dB<nnilBMirMaf>«raddrewed fey the ap- PUeat candor and faiineM wUeh he hasthat she joint," does it tnm ita back upon the regarded the control of this anbjectbe to (o to Us maatar's ehuoh, 4em|aaea«INHB aingrsdnqnirad to(i(her ia fttiMenfeni he huof theas " one of her favorite prerogatives." Mr. town which has time to spend in curious ad- sndm^rbv prablHted flrom foteg to the om ataiweeeniw aa'T»^ta*!^5Wl airtl, MCT«A »»)( are compeDed to doabt whether he deaerresayaU' thecreditforfairdralingwhichhehasre-,|BMit-WMldr)-maDob- ceired. Thereareoneortwopointsofhisto-lampe.dtvMo^Ittmu^recentlymaymiration and epjdause, and carry confusion, ofUaown oholee. He or she may be com- kOiowttaivb aBlQ«Mhbi%ade waaeounfa^embarrassment andis one of them.In his speech at the Cooper InsUtute, In re-the Slave-trade. Delaware, didConstitution was formed,the clearedtirely at their disposal, ahftve the latitude of teach them these rudiments ta subject to fineto this subject, Mr. Yamoet saidConstittition, which was beyond the reach of Coa-Mr. Lahoooh, of New-Hampshire, was Fourteenth-street. strenuous for giving the power to the Generalproadiing a satisfactory adgtloB. To'ferring"outside world it te not c€ mnch<were not only slaveholders, but bIstcsfromAfrica. Virginiawishedtosup- press thst trade, but MattacJauettt sad aUcr Statu wukti it (a tt earritd on. [Lsnghter,] ^assachn- seits and those other States imitttd that the Slave- trait tkamU not te frokiUtfd by atnfoctof CoKgrtu, and resisted all attempU to prohibit It, until the Act ofwillthemselvesceasetoimportslaves." Mr. hoar ttiMi hatMan, aod nuut Coagieis of 1606 was passed ; for by an article of the BuTLEsoK, of South Carolina, said :striking iUuatration in the facility with whieh the whip, without as^ning any reason forThey are contenidiiq; iinr to^rtoe^ (tf'fattlf- cal liberty^ and ham taieii ii|> ataas tUt'lttMr notloes before KlMMiivllaterthan this, toiMt them ander their sppro-Convention thinks that North Carolina,thrown, and the monarch driven out a "amendment, U was provided by odr fore- fathers that ao change should be made In this Slave- trade until the year 1B08. How did that sotmd with the modern theoiists as to the existence of an Irre-thata thegtatflcaOM «irpeclHi#^gresitonalpimtajuuentooniUotT [Applause.] Within the period that intervesed, something like 100,000 slaves wererelation/ofthe belief thatpressibleconstituting an essential feature of Southern pros- perity.""bargain" was at lengthseems,to be the evil of those who and geniuspeoplein the Slave States whoexerctaereadQy undertaken by poBUcalIn his Boetoa speech he reiterated this statement, and is reported to have added that the 100,000 slaves, according to the law of in- crease, now number a million;wield arbitrary power and instances of vol- absolute power, short of life and limb, over Our Panama correspondent reports to-te}- ;""and TienK—Aiaaaan— tenmllHonsofdollarswhichtheNew-England-lutionaiy chief, Mobqitcba; but aftera w^^>liB r«ei>ar taa Fakilt. and Ereaioc—Jo-OF THE DAY.eta received for them, owing to the thrift and economy of tffe people, doubtless amount to notlessthanonehnndredmillions. Hecon- tinaes:" Just think now of the millions that are investedclusive control of foreign commerce, though deprivedofthepowertotaxexports. BothUnderhad^Si^.^St' tlieae cireumataaceo it is anMuSukby property, prop- erty by your ancestry, sold to us aa property by yourSlavery propagand-aad Levered the American Coloniea British Crown.from ttieto pleaseThat hundred^ of thousands areahng and stoMiHiteSouthern men In which was held to be?not modeU of wUdom, patience and forbear- ance ? If these propositions be conceded, itUancestry, our titles and traced l>ack toresting now from your ancestors,andtheir firstsecedefromtheUnion. Thisgamehasbeensuccessfully played many times since, but thetrick is now understood, and is at an^end. present dutythem,men want to take from them their property by an Abo-all,theythe privilege of trading in them, of buging thm, andposterity perfect good Caith in securing the title to that latakat place in modem property t P No •' '-Yes n What man is there here ir ^tee IfeapoHtan anny fonght withdes- who will repudiate the deed of his father! Whatman it their last is there here who will take from me by force any prop- erty wliatever tliat his father sold to me, and got the moBey for, and that Ee Is now eujoyiag by inheritance !;QAMtMAUn'm losses are estimated S;OOI>men. Thepositionofsffiiirs ftttes rami^Md as before renpited OattoD niaAet is reported finfi, with_ Ariel, which arrived at thisfrom l^inwail, we are placed infgn days' bter intelligence &om honor and chivalry, we have no right to im-pyof the Free States are too deeply inter- ested in the trade of the South to indulge inhas within her bonndariea enornunuandresourceswhich,onderasteady ofMr.OlivibChablick,would ment,mi^tultimatelyplaceher1orator is either very imperfectly read in the KBdency, and Bieadstaffs were history of his country, or very reckless andpeoplewith the really dazzling and melodramatic the luxury of a ruthleas, wanton and bloody join themAtvtthntfai&erpai^havinggainedany Mr.YahcitdiatincUyaversthatthepermis-should restrain a Christian people within tha bonds of peace and brotherly love.miafortnaes, regretaad to aa ia-battle had taken place between ^ at troopa and tiie revohiticmary r^ffvr^''- * M"'"'— in the state,for his official faith.As to whether his default hadJiB amMiee was thim agreed „ 1 I tonioied that President Ostax,priortoUsreappointmenttbige.sionofthe Slave-trade fore af the Pilauels military and the firemen, Wide-Awakes, Min- pate danger, they have no guarantee against the deposition does not directly say. But Aa Itereatlaa gefrute Men and Littie Giants have had their foreign war and domestic insurrection. These from one unguarded phras&jn answer to the THE BOTAL PABTT PHOTOaaSPBSS BT T. ^It iaftntfan stated that the Presidentalargeforce withwhichheintendsto iBnKa and crush the rebellion. Thetecs landed from the St.bata dniing the late riot had returned toat the argent demand of the Northern or New-we have done honor to the Prince of are casualities to which aU nations are liable,seventeenth we are forced to interrogatory,a SON—TBI P0BTKAIT8 TO BB OV 1AT OUBNKT'S OALLBBT.IMarysto pro-andif, inaddition;to these dangers, ingAmong the most interesting features of the Prince of Wales' visit to the United States were probably the features of the Prince to-[England people, or their representatives;;—selling them to out people I ask you now candidly,did they not, in demanding all this, demand of theirhe did a year or two past.We repeat that nothing but gross and pro-and whichinferior civilization. The'and cries of No man.*] Some menmeetaconflictwhichtheyprofess to believedeposition evidentiyway of doing businessspeeches variant from the truth.theNorthisforcinguponthem. Wearehap-;merchants of Massachusetts."These statements show that the disunionapprehensionsdirection are entirely groundless, and that the The point of his evidence is, that he repre-nnscrupnlous in the statement of facts. Asyears shehaa beenretrogradiBg Inaliad ofMa^ and moral sentiments which sive representations, Messrs. Law and Coho- gresang, and the preaent civil strifii MUmJmthis friends claim for him a high character for pute to intentional misrepresentation, mis-display which last night demonstratedlthe de- votion of Capt. Btndebs to the Union and to three parties of irreconcileable politics, the season of parades has been brought to a close. Whatthat,-vxB would not have consented to become re-to be the climax of tiermake her own patriotic otiaeiBdependence that was aidiieved so iastatements wUchmay proceed fromcommencedbyMr.Buchakan, now80terriblymisnsedandnUsonderstoed.twenty years, by liMiald not confiim the terms of the the framera of the Constitution, was granted'and he would have us believe that the South was either hostile to the traffic, or indifferent. It is true, as he alleges, that Virginia wasthe conclusion that such was the case.; 'iMdirf by the Captain of the St. Maryt, and we are sorry to say that this is the onlyHighness, igMessrs. J. 0*b-,<4irit^^ fiom the latter some remon-election,thereisnovisibleexcuseformoreof paration.yfe laceHe by the Ariel no later newsthis pretty and highly respectable child's play. But it is singular that those Southern pa- enough to pay my obligations." Here is a di-During his stay in New-Tork, the Prince re-Ihe had drawnment, than liis private property and interests quence of the other most pressing engagements ofhas been anticipated by overland ad- of the Federal Convention wUl show ings thatsay grown arrayselves in uniform, and bearing torches, to go cessity of arming for the defence of their appointment,about the streets in that indistinguishable homes and firesides, seem never once to have public treasury, though not more, in his judg- of the Messrs. Giibnkt, and it was only in conse-.^ahave received, ~oy way of California, some the whole country north of North Carolina wasyet the sons of thesesons of Ustory, it wouldbehighly^ presumptu-apparentthatSlaveryany-[Applause,^poiotaBd moi kfiled sod five thousand if that is the law of the conntJng-room among the stitution, for him to make statementsjmorethe North, awakened^Hew-Kezieo, to the 8th tives from the latter a strong feeling against matters difficult of determination imde-lick's signature »will also bethecompanies vrho hadvol- Slavery, and a decided expression of hostility i^^ Indians had been ab- to its increase. Bores Kivo, then of Massa-Iopen skylight.last pictme;-and in the meantime I cona within ei^t milas—^is the best portrait ef Uk^ 'mmAer of nnifia.peilutpauseless ceremonials.idDjaanHi^.'' ThevataraasefthewarofinSweremusteredaccommodation would hare taken place on this sub-traversethemareimpelledbytheexigen- andall otherPowers,laigedr- cunstaBce to Us mind, sad he bdlevedwooklbe toa great part of the people of America. He had not made a strenuous opposttiaB to it heretofore, becanaewhen he was shown the Be te. 80gall U|^lypleased was His Boyal Hlghneee wttithe portlBlls exhibited to him by the Messia. Onanr, dut ha orderednolessthan800ct^astobesentdineOyby a party of UnitedI the Tridtans, bat theyof whites,unpromptedI sixty of the mnlast hdw-r apartyof¥wxir»n* hehad thatthis hoped"and would probably,under circnin- preaentdmsetts, said:" TheadmiaakHi of slaves was a mostfour millions of staves against eight milllonahave'inquiredter as to the execution of a bond for so largean' ameimt ?The Demonstration last Night.The Union Demonstration last night wasyet procured in this country, as he l»tm«ii}f ezdH^aAalaudable horrorsort of thing, it be-ri^ed,"d^uM opa ^ "«eligt«iaadhonwuty^^in wide avenues and anobatrocted streets, must be made to feel that he has a country, be- regular speeches were m^wfaeie allowed, it their no doufat,be eel»swl bye gaUery,will,cent. Thoawaa„,j^ u do with governingfore be canKghts being becon- offtheDoo^ and No. 707 Broadwiy, WPladles. Mr.OtBaafStwai*1toneuidarecoveryof lBl«»tsJoneIs-thethis principlethronging population,witness theatleis- asupou'to andimmnnitieao^tor.mii^tdrive sensation,amongrepresenta- mine the direction his ballot shall take, are of blacks, who stand ready to join the firstquestiongraphists,picture stoically on-duced a readiness, which had not been manUiested, toof the Pusionists, last evening, Strengthen the General Govenuient, and to mark a that which moet embairassea public traved ;thatthemoved a sense of by:andmay but I doubtignorance.are safe and secure onnOhiyaai;and against which they should fortify them-Speak- of his views at the time of his secondweBe thongfat the Southern States ooold not be mem-Col. 6x0. Masoh, Eomdno Bani>olph and laborerand the workwomen? The question Uie States, unless it may be Dataware, where of unnombered A detaOedithe late Postmaster of thta City.Mr. Fowlxb intended tobauble,peaeetyit iaaadImpestatloB of negroes."'street,"watehfiiUy excepted that of nHilH"g *ith the .atlsMitoawiftstWiLi^Auoa, of North Carolina, said":denunciations ofBut on this point Mr. Yahcxt seems to beWe most ccrtajnly thinkDioKiKSOH,a^ood science, leave it with the States, who couldaaecesaA^ipi^^sidesmise was effiscted.ists of Georgia and South Carolina at this early day inaugurated the game of brag, andtogainedvictory by threateningmust beyielded something, TheNew-Granada, or in any otherstated that Broadway, and "down Broadway to the Park," QgMriiipwt a0Ja9als*of Maniad orKeart, fcow^w«V-«ot fwyifa^ |betneeatel ,»r. W. 5. Tttaar ktt pn>dao0d • yery fcr'**x*U»imprewionnpontheHottheraaudi-"OeorgUwaadecide*onthis andandsoOBtotheend-ofthechaptertWhyiBooB^tentwiditinnofhismaster.H*reaiujitfairi%ltwae'WioaAatfiBltoThat BO Government can bethen go on with the traffic, without being re- people are oppressed and disaffected, ia a"" If tlieSouth Carolina and Georgia, will ever agree to the plan, imless their right to import slaves be untouched, the expectation is vain."takes no cogn&anoe to which a slave ta sub-Southern States. Thatconsummated, the Northern members yieldingthdr strong repugnance to the Slave-trade, to theextentofallowingitscontinuancefortwen-ty years, subject to taxation, on condition that theFederalGovernmentshouldhavetheex- sight, are'amongtherarest,asdemagogoea.and thas a compro-That tens of thousands are vicious,|a 8^Mmiaik>ito^^ can St^, draga ita slow Inigtk tomonthsand and Urea years,the wholeobscured by smoke, is not the wisest conceiv- of the South, so that all classes may be re-seem to be unfair and splenetic, but it is cer-The Southern States contain now about twelve millions of people, of whemreappointing a public servant whosehowever,Messrs. Gcbnxt, wiU testifygivemeans of deciding. Wh^t they do in an im- if he can answer affirmatively, it is well. The of 3neno8 Ayres was flooded and vote of two-thirds, were not to be perfect degree represe^le the measure of South is then twelve millions strong, and mayto Messrs. Law and Conovbb that Mr. Chab- Bevere House, and His Boyal ffi^mess did thoa lick would join them in the bonds, and this the fiivor of sitting no less than four times—ondil wB ashore. The water rose so high that the navigation act was to be passed without ai]p^tifgebffaatWiyjiilnshle prq>erty stored there was riiined.Itaf of tlie gaa-woAs were also washed away,enthusiasm enlisted on eMher side, the amongdefyall assaults. But if, as we the believe,representation being,clearly states,from Africa was neither to be ~^JI^t*l*ip*i' 6"»t Ifew-Orleans announces that report, which conceded everything to Southernpopular masses, as distinguished from the re-'iMA*^^ ^^of.^hibited,norataximposeduponthem. Thiswould have consented to act as his^jk^'mcng*'Ma haife been received in thatsureties,wasMr.Fowlkb the justified,^ritbout light. The inhabitants fiampaitsofaecityinboats.negroespro-gentiemenexportstaxed, and, at the same time, the importationas he nowthe only inducement on which the two formerThursday, Friday and Saturday. In fact, the last thing before leaving Boston, while the earriags was waiting, Lord LvONS hurrying him oS, tha bands ringing out "Hail Colninl>iB" and "God Save the Queen," and the crowd outsideappearance,the astonished— photo-ty.;quitefar, therefore, concerned, theycomparisonfurnish no safe and to which he shouldhimself,as ation for Southern man to ask everywar and invasion an imposaible, or, if we an inunense affairSkut adlierants of Dovo- portsd, shall sot the exports produced by thetr labor sta^ and car, and the journey of the daily and an improbable event? Suppoaing the Union sumed. The whole City was alive with banda their own account.temcthraty, mostly, supply a revenue the better to enable the General and the Bow- dissolved V, rat aasy claba necessary passenger. Broadwaycouid the South count of music, colored lamps. Democratic transpa- The Prince waaGvmnment to defend their masters ? There was aopeacefully,particularly pleasedbe reckoned on with themselves. The air blazed with rockets, and bodies. Strange to say he ordered a nombar ofthatatleastaof by tha importation of slaves. Hs never could agree to letcaricaturesofhimselfandsuitetobe1 That of himself will represent a juvenile inaject ;Cocona, Kanto^. The nonto Mtai be imported without Umitalton, and then becannot be re- unoffending house-fronts wereo.L««j» qeas is«*5^J« t^Gensral, with hla accnstonwd dia-ly^at ftepoMic favor, ddWeied a characteristicvery iscertaintywasoaul on such oe-repre-lied Southern man who rsfleots upon, everying-jacketof the oldentime,moonted on itime would have been limited fordan- similar gerously with the small shot of Boman can-cies of. theirsmall resident population and even thatconcessions ofby despots or oligarchs, to which they areuntaryprivilegesmasses,four millions of negroes, arc, to say the least, no better tban the same number of people inlife, elsewhere.wise fore- well as thehead, and his son jAMks his throne, which pre- eipitated the horrors of the French, Revolution,walks ofWa*hi»gton, tU Cape Bace, which Well, then, your fothers, in demanding that the^_^ land last avenmg. ffiie left Liveipool Slaoe-tnuie, which existed when the declaration of Mr. Yancit Is now essaying it for the last But it is neveitheless the vocation of the indl- friends of the institution maintain that great peaceabte warUke,aie gmat^ imfKA-formed,wider bans ; in demanding that slaves should be in-country,destroy aB eeaC- Spanish-AnierieanKk-foundignoranceofthemostimportantchapr againstfoes within or without the Union transatlantic or cisatlantic invasion.publics suffer,a state ofnotorwillnotenactment and exeeation andpeo^iainAmerican canexcusethemon- against historycomprehend that, witboat theterabove Irom Mr. Yancit. It would be diffi- cult, as we have shown %y the brief citationsobaenaBee offromtheoftheframersoftheCon-A Popular Nnisance.sentedtoboth that athird gentlemensurety'It may not be entirely rash to assume that,inthepersonBut whilether displays, it is difficult- to conceive. The the only side from which they seem to antici-possible contingencycanprovoke far-theythis,hour of trial.:justice,upper pretendedthf theyIn the light of these, and many similar les-chief;more«« eneiigBtie %»UaUi-only partandbe/enacted, it should be performed by either party, or by their maaters. Their on a less crowded stage, and that the Police be taken from them. arespacesTbe PoUcr of the U^utk.en- andwrite,andany personattemptstoorb^ ;theWill it be Is it notstrongwhosean ^ancient Italian monarchy has been over- their conduct. The tawpnrpaeeSpaniah-Americaa wan fn Srfloi^ bjrmay form a bargain among the Northern and gent man in Europe and America. But fatuity ten even worse. The sixteen hundred thous- bability, be much less freqnent aad maek'ltoaMr. GovuNscit wished the wholeted It to his posterity, if he had listened to thato be committed, remonstrances of the civilized wotld, and the master. We aredreadful havoc and Uoodttcd that iiii their incessant recnn^Mje. B iaMobbib, subjectofPennsylvania,Such is thelefal happy.Athe alave to hismight have r^taihed his crown, and transmit-^ i1iijiia|> otifAjttf Imported Into the country, fnd their descendants were including the daoses relating to taxes on ex- timely warnings and advice of friendly Gov- actual position is mnch better than thta code that they are not more terrible in their na^Mfe now scattered through the Southern Slave States; ports, and to a navigation act. These things ernments, is equally apparent to every intelli- natr would lead us to expect, though it ia of- than they are, for they woohl then, la d p»-tothef^hemsmoet precious events of history. 'It was this fair to suppose that there are thousands of tims to their patriotism and their ct^^niut are all aaiats ?judiciitl blindness which cost ChjIblis I. his very bad men, women, and children amongday'sfightingonlyfiftyfair. For the most cursoryof the ranks gives assurance that those who shoulder to shoulder with their mastersswell the numbers, and give to the unobserv- against a foreign enemy, who should invade doubtless, having the seals and names of three reeled me to say to yon that if yon will go oats Bos-inspectionCan these slaves be reliedtoupon fight— thisofa Southernsoilwith partygreat armies,proclaimYours truly, £. iL^CHIBAUI. The Messrs. Oitbvbt promptiy dqiaitad fox Bos- ton, where, in one day after recraving the notiee^honest answer of every Southern man who flecting and educated classes of the communi- looks truth in the face must be a negative,the case will bedifferent.strength of the South would'then be expressedof a war must" Mr. Sbbiiar, of Connecticut, regarded the necessarily suspended with the suapension of be conscious of the perilous condition of his the Committee of Fifteen, did goodly service. CASTLB, and other members of the aoite aio to hatmtti mtkt Xti»nal Legislature."intentitsBusiness iaprobable consequencesdies.byhorse, witha woodenSt.OaaxABB,- Kav-; yet as the Sutes were now poswised of the right to haporttravel alike brought to a stand still, and in-Hr. OuaHBT has deteradaed Oat Hm-.pd^ at ing all these evjdenoaa efpractice." "ures reof ai^byin. '^"^5"*.f?l?Sy? nto^a-..fbbaeco, were of trade**""'' *'y *U1 beeomeHte owner retreated ap cMnpelhimtotaboraamuritMni.liuM^mreOeetiea to the Presidency of the Pma-jWpossibleOov. MoBRis, of "ades untilin time overcome*•' ficTLiDoa, of Southfiiat mstahnent thaes royal ptet 'dyasleidi^, tiMi daaBngs see how the importation of staves could bette adSbsMl^Thi eneonraged by this section." tttt, at tiaaai.did notThis can only be effectedamelioration of the institution. The alave ments combined in theII iiisillMill to hava a> few praposedthe immediategunmiation of great changes in institutions, the refusal of different bands of music to plyPennsylvania,saidThat the in-popularderivedfromtheseshows initiatorystepstheypaidMr.' ft>c£aliy?^lfiidi CKroftn, said• South CaroUaa eaa aaver reoeive the pUn Ifitdiversely-thinkingleave the aatter as weat once motion andmay very reasonably be doubted whether the when the public unprepared taking;lae Coast of of Ahdea, aad, In defiance of the most speak,for the bat bilities of freedom.byin the:abolition,negroesbyGnaBr'a victors'win soon be on sale.Caxrtina,henaion.bythaVery judiciously,heetOe ele-present is,:for wlft a facrimOa photographedl dHmadraa,so nefariousaddicted to thiscomes us to inqnire whether there ia no sub- stitute for Broadway and the Bowery, aa lines of route. The upper part of the City, abound-Mterioaas, requiring to be counted by tens of fluMMuds.npontravel. Shops might aa well be shut as open country.preventaitintercourse, is for' hibition in Us gdlny •/.we areter of Stavery, which now keeps the Southern mind in a state of chronic alarm and appre-ingand with abe relied defend it. feared that a to^**^"ure toBrecUBridflBra, at that a.beyond endiaaMO. TOb waa. on a grandwithaaOcM. TfaetrnequesUonaty^'^'^ *'' '****! °°t be nartias to tfcs it passes, might naturally seem to be ceded to him, before hU fidelitywhethergallantarraybusmeas is w««Ay ofsnefcItf Cotton, at Inmi -ta-ii stattu of the stave Ua triumph.— BidiopINlty good i«iw#/ir •liN* WWl**^?* ^'•* •""•"It their ioterest, flie proper theatre of display. At night, The iresent legalb ada ydscMniMathey-wmaotoppqaaflialacreaseofslaves,whichwJU indeed, the lower Wards, to which pro- simplythtabe owiied by any whitamay scaJe,:pn>-"la the enterprise and pigeon- years (deBta«d<daily industry.apoi»<hegun.OB such occasions. with traffic and Thus,by the same asso- recommend to the South the inunediate aboli- tiation. Everything that could be done to-What, then,fc<w n»il and Terminer yesterday, the trial of slaves, as the pobUe good dU aDtraqairstt ts betaken deed absohitety blocked in the lower of tion of Slavery? By no means. It is not the wards raising a crowd was effected. Some his native City shall have aa**He dlnppreved«af the SUva4radscourse,iCfln^any. The General tures from their dearaM eoansetlons, and damns them none of the more positive evils with which the abolition as idle and impracticable, and we for the purposes of the procession.highestin- worth of his stock in theIttadsaigaadtofiaiih^ jHcturesU»s ofnipper HomuB, J, has to the most cruel bondage, shall have more votes in athousandto the belief that much be done * On the the demonstration was de- aiaa,wQl no doubt prove a sort of>Ike BSlarioas Cocome ease,•acredhoaiaaity, tears away his feUow crea- by nightliiconveniences,idea of haveexpendedover seventeendollars style of tbs the sister atta^faa ait,asriata^by"Md for an in-wm^mma' tg 1& tndMHfrit "Coeoaine," was Jersey who views with a„ WHUKi IpviBCandwith their new alUea, thepleasare to the unfottimatesGovenanentof mankind, than tha cttlxen of Pennsylvania or New-others are attended. atiB cling may whole, Now, seeing how rootedly and unalterably to remove the frightfully combustible charac- cidedly magnificentwho ftfied to sob toe Prinie during his stay in the City.The Messrs. Qvaxai contemplate havliig toaInstitnted far the psoteetlon of the rightsHeceaatona faievitaUy go, are quite deserted, man, or even by a nefro.enemay wlii^W^ MMttaMB encounter in society—Potter, of Pennsylvania,theday-tbnepopulationmen, beat.eloqnenoe, orsnehIJM^ wilh alilUi hekesasea ^'whavingtown. By what inflexible prescription is itjofShakespearepBjrsical nature will endSrtf'fcf "iSli^'^M&t n-"btbtts the Slave-trade. Ia every proposed exteoaon that when the line ia formed on Fourteenth- ward, than the coarsest food »nd dotUng. mU toptesThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentand{iq^st can beresort for a bevy of trusted. harangue would infla^ ear adopted citizens years' experience ta theprivilegesBeD-Everett:oCmie«eB|i»rra8sedcompanies"which lead to them. The alave-in advance.The admisdoa of slaves mto the reprsswMioa, is not greatly outweighed by the loss of time, kolders would not Usten to the proposition of These unpleasant interruptions, however, were ef theii antegniihs,^ as recorded ta the Ksssik.the theirvocation at the bead of expectant brig- DupUcates of the Vitoee\^airf'aoite aathem ?ignorant, capricious, selfish, willful, and hiurdtotinderstahdhowitta«»-fn«rnrn " luUiintoous to hope that what we shaH say of the thing but the happy condition which its enthu- minatingorpendent Press to speak, although; its suggea- practical ameliorations are taking place. We ed by these revtdntihBS, they are qaitodip-to checktutbing enough tlie rmaninnhil jaaations and admonitions be disregarded.of a dence in itsthis truth our Southern brethren, and we sum abstracted from the public treasury by equitable taws, politicd liberty is toe meMatwar, even supposing them destitute of those suggest elevated religiousthe inferencebut for these delu-turnWales, to our partisan convictions and to our-selves, by the splendor and force of our selvesAutumnal demonstrationsbesomegrandjubileebypartyorpartiesun- withwarfromtheNorth,thatisanotherand sayspreparationstothe South is menaced, contrary to our belief, appointment Mr. FowLiBas Postmaster of New-York,and unless thereknown over the result of the Presidential powerful reason for the most thorough pre- upon,truthcontainedin the statement. Arefer-"~i or Central America. The California ence to Mr. Madison's report of the proceed- To that for men to them- triots who have talked loudest about the ne- rect admission that, at the period of his last quested Mr. Abchibalo, the British Consul, tothe nitisb still maintained a virtual ^^_^_^jateoverll«city. Itissaidthattheac-;— :^tBt"""ttlf. suite, taken at tiie f^^f^dicament—accounts, if examined, as they should haveasT.E.BimsRCsKisLara, tbond bond,We ipust confess, however, that Mr.FowtKB's statement is not nor satisfactory,and, secondly,on behalf of the Unitedhis^^mmmiMand aeenrt impossible for any conntry in the world to shieldhtasureties,GioboiLawandGcstavcs prosper. ThenaturaladvantageaofHew-sponsible;andJiis whole statement to goesindependent natiou. Bat fir toeI did not tUnk sureties would ever be called as I con- sidered I had property smd interests more thanmoneyfrom the makearrangementsfor a visit to theestabliahmeotmywiththoseofhisof Wataa. haiaw suretiesattached,whileexecutedonlybyiwo. tonhewillsittoyouforhisphotograph.Theinvader who comes in the might of a asked, by those who know the intimate rela- mindful of the dropping of rain upon his royal pai^and,cided, they warrant, we think, the more pru- great nation to proclaim them free and equal taken the Messrs. Gubicxt—able andBut, aside team the motive of these parades,it is not to be denied that they are managedwith very little jodgment and regard to publicconcession would have pro- convenience. ^The roate selected is always staaces, prove ansaccessAil. But is foreigagratingunaided and;foreign the tions subsisting between Messrs. Law and son, throughThisthe last takaa inChablice, whether it was possible that the bydent conrae of dispensing with such question- to their masters. A general insurrection of former should never of the lat- the United Statesfrom abroad, may not take place for a great while,of the numbers to Buckingham Palaee, for disbtibiitian teXtarepe among his friends. The.menbors of the Pjlate% ^. There were protaUy ftiB confidence b> It." * • "If slaves are to be Im- which moat interferes with cart and carriage, take into view only a decade or two of time, parading, and the amoimt of fireworks con- suite followed snh,and ordered iW pictmea onwith sans wwa teB rf much inequality and uareaaoaableneaa in all this, ery are for every reason unsuited for proces- with probability on twenty-five years of peace rencies, thousands of Bell-Everett men with excellent photographic caricatures taken by these aU nUte thai the people of the Northern States could never be siona. They are the great thoaooiJiftres of with all the world ? Or if she remains in the cow-belta, and myriads of littie oily boys car- artists, representing various individuals with >lydii£it recenciled to It." * * " He had hoped that some bnsiness transit. The majority of thoae who Union, can peace with England, and France, rying oil-dropping torches almost as long as extravagantly large heads and inversely anallinpoint** impoaing, the miter-ii«ilWieltijthat a battte had occurred between Government forcea and thoae under tbe nn-until somepatriots, hits upon the novd expedient at ter-and toGovernment These are tlieeMbfrom which most of thetended. The Prince was not to beGxHTLXKiB: H. R. H. the Princebeen unable to visit yoor gallery on Satorday, hastf-and water eolaifaig. A foU-Iength mlnext, at vrhieh time the demoastratian, bo wonders of the photogt^Ue ait alraadr »""MondayAoos«d^F. CcdonlsattonSociety,andMr.John ahU'^gLJSb^^^toflUthevacaMCbalr. Isnotkeep them to.d^1a. were eseantiaUy naaltered.aawww.fultonhistory.com\ 