 TOtttTATtWVaJiKiT.¥ ^SSSSS^ lÇwh,HoklttaBxeÇtiTe,JÇdÇiilu4* * Ñ - * ¥ *prrrWrgn, wwteh will agate sAr op a fight, always pleasing to the kbby, ST rather a contest who shall have this valuable franchise, lb which ail other interests will he arertoked. ft h to* that mm ef the partlM b going to offer a large bonn to the city, sad agree to carry panrngers for one oi two eewts, for the sake of gettingWork to botet>7JafsWIf"*ewgyaSBBBB* mmt jBaT'MsefanaBa other reads, bjMap e^naswsm^aay^ Mmmmmmmmmmmw^m^.-**^of the repvhnesM, n following Itot of, /8*'wOl be M M by theIAngel Rep.consist of the Lieutenant Governor, Secretary of State- Comptroller, Treasurer sad Attorney General;ÑRepublican.pleased Providence not to inflict us with contagious fe THE CODE OP PROCEDURE.win, sad If, te Hto wisdom, He will not allow us to be The lawyers will agate present themselves tor the mo-L B*sMsl" . <¥ . Xa08p.*to be Turned Up- U the City3g and important asof definite projectsyat unexplained can. fway scheme, there ere three or four ;nowhere, sad ending la alocality.muxesThe Supervisors of this city haveagitating the establishment of a fnh-1 city funds, which is the commencement of before the public in regard to abeen brewing to reorganise thecity. The project of which this action of theof Supervisors is a part and parcel Is the at h e office of Deputy Comptroller andtransfer their duties to the departsaeat to hpunder the name and title of- CountyTreatair, the chief hMd of which te heBoard of Supervtoers. One project, lwMiprt8asiMt to have far its object the appointment by the Oewerapr; ha* that will hardly meet with favor by a majority of thOMI day of January, 1881,is the same a* th*A of the party tewill again turn up in some mw Among those most conspicuous in the last Legislature, wiawtttbe inering expedition. grl-.lrou contest in next, are Little-uffand Arcuia and the fear È that between them we ehall failtoobUiu tost winter. The leaders to this movement are the Ger- Seward was Governor, to oustGcergak*. Samuel L. Hiramtheir aetiooupon all national questions, and John A. Lett Am*xtohB.J<reference to the negro question u 4 the CbarlMMHH¥ or* Ç <pÈ ¥ ¥ . . . . . . .... ....Democrat.whether this proposition meets with much favor or noth we ere now plunged Into by the same party. branch of our stat* government is now inthirdRepublican. Democrat. Republican. Democrat. Republican. Republican.*of theanother that the amount shall be placed in the tax levyand raised the same as all other sums are for the support taws ef test winter. The caption of that taw declares thatit to to provide for the more certain punishment of the crime of murder, but Its results have proved directly op- posite The Çadgm have experiencedmeat In relation to the clear administration ef justice sp> der it¥knd the Court of decided toat far.Republican.psnaapsaiRepublican. Republican.tvon.E. BtrdaaU.Rep.Democrat. Republicanformerly a Henry Clay whig, giving hto power and in-14ÑRobt-C.Hutchins.Dem. HiramGardnerRepublican. time,andmaybeconsideredasampleof whatoarle- Democrat.gislators should be rather than what they are. Reared in tfte active school of mercantile life in a rural but prosperous locality, he to a ckse observer of men, and fully ct mpn heads the motives of those around htm.Ssmuel J. Farnian, of Dutchess county, held a seat in16ÑGeo. W. Vartaa... Dam. leÑHenry Arcul&rlus-Dem. 17ÑJay Jarvis Jones.. Dem.1ÑHenry P. Smith. R..p. tÑW.verP.ScoveU. Rep.1ÑFrancis%~LcviT. MarahnU. Rep. hÑMarquisUsflsWMDens. 4ÑW illiam Uwis.... Rep.oaosroao*. 1ÑJerem'h Emerick.Rep.William I. Skinner .................. VacancyDavid R. Floyd Jones RobertDennhtoaPhilip Dorsheimer Charted G. MyersVan Rensselaer Richmondthorities te regard to the appropriation for working theseveral roads te the upper pert of Manhattanthere is now a project on foot to secure theof a new road district by the next Legislature, with aview of securing a more liberal appropriation for workingthe reads oa the upper ead of Om island It to also esti-mated that one-fourth of a million will be appropriated It le, te fact, a taw for the reltaf ef murdhrera The re- this winter for the roads on Manhattan Island.* * * ¥ * ¥ ¥"¥*¥ . ¥ ¥¥ * ¥ ¥ . . .Democrat.¥ ¥È¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ Democrat. Brooklyn; Fuich, of bsiex, Wetoh,mans of our city., many%f whom were found te the republican ranks daring the recent contest, and will go to Albany, appealing to their republican brethren to ex- punge this tow from our statute books, making at the same time all meaner of promises to regard to the as- sistance that they will receive at the polls from this class of our inhabitants if their prayer IS granted. But the antecedents of a majority of the Legislature wouldWilliam I. Skinner.. V acancyAUDITOR CANAL OVABTMBNT. a BentonDemocrat.Republican always been aa opponent to the democracy, pad wasot executed, at the time of fa passage, cannot be executed under the law, aad that new trials must necessarily arise. The Supremo Court haa decided it unconstitutional, on account of the impossibility of inflicting punishment upon persons com-i-Mr. . . . Republic* \¥Ç¥¥¥*¥¥*¥ .....Republican. rlus, oi New York, an! Fulton,js*,"8Bais i>f,^ ^Jhe measures of reform needed.the right of trial by jury."fugttimto this State shall not be delivered ap to his I agent unless hto CMSMall be dteermteeS by n yery; also prevmeslte* sf. thenot be further detained. 'ttoaal by Judge Parker, and hirata At theeearto.sxthj,of thevtott to toto State, whether accompanied with' their the period of nineMed to from this city, at toeof toe taw. BWM Committee of that body butAnother effort will be made \hii reinstated, but from theitThe negro contention at the comingprepared tor all sort* ofhead* or the god of the aboiittontoto.È¥¥ ¥ È ¥ ¥RephNtoaas.dv Democrat*, S, American, 1.The bat fonr on the list are selected from the Supreme Courts, and their tera expiree Pecombor 31,4881.DOUBT JUDGES.The Stat* la divided into eight Judical district*. TheCOMMIS&iOy** 1B8V-New York City district has Are Judges, and the balancetour each. torn Justice la elected in each district every ef tesl j^Mjn, will be brought into use at the coming alternate yearÑ1861,1808,1886, 4c.Dtotrlct 1ÑThomas W. Clerk*of the Comptroller. The republicans now, how- seem te make all such efforte unsucceasfULÇ - Ñ G.Barnard...P. Ingraham.. iUtam H. Leonard.District 2ÑJohn A. Lott Kmottlemocrat. Democrat. Democrat. Republican.her of both housea when he aey. He to an in- belongs pdtticallyand forced to carry oat their more fearful of this inasmuch as promise this state that thecans. There will evidentlythis branch of our cityever has another so well onDemocrat.Republican.Democrat,Republican.Republican.Republican.Republican.Republican.Republican.Repuhhcan.Republican.RepublicanRepublican.BepahllcaaRepublican. Hiram Gardner.....¥OARS.of the Canal Departmenand the three Canal Commissioners comprise this Board asfoOowa:ÑYmk, and has not even In latter daya been found In the camp of Seward, Weed h Co., but relates an indepen dent, conservative position, sad will be an active mem- ber of this Legislature; to a gentleman of fine personal appearance, fluent sneaker, and has aa order of talent far above the general run of members at the presentand nurse the bantling until it to found strong enough to walk aloneÑthe business of that office to be either trans- erred to a permanent court that will be te session, or tothe Recorder.It WMthe Intention of the republicans, prior to thelast election, to remodel THKREGISTER'SOFFIGK:but owing to the spilt in toe democratic party te oar city, they have succeeded te electing one of their own awn, and there to no probability that it will be touched until the people on Manhattan Island take It out of theirQUARANTINE.sult of the passage of this act is to be seen to the recktam disregard for human to* toat hto been manifested ta the numerous accounts of fatal subbing sad snooting toat have taken place te the State since it went into reflliW ¥**. spring. One of the first acta of the Legislature should be to wipe it from oar statute books; but we few that¥an Bimaielaer Rtrhmoad.. Nathaniel9. Benton.Ç¥¥*¥¥Ç.¥ È¥Democrat. RepublicanThis question will again absorb the attention of our law-makers, ft wiB be remembered that they adjourned tostwinter without providing for the maintenance of even thefloating hospitals of Mis eity. In their disposition to touchnomeasuresexceptthosethathadmoneytethem, all we can expect from the party te they, te fact, provided no meant to protect toe city from at thia session will be simply a plastering up of its 1 the ravages of pestilential diseases. Happily far as it has features.Republican. VMS COMMISSIONERS Of TBUB CANAL FUNDRobert Campbell.... David R. Floyd Jones Robert Dsneiston Philip Dorsheimerhands, and give it to the opponents of the republicans. again plundered aa we were tost winter, we shall have dification of fbe code. Sea/aery any two of them e nThe Canal Board is in session during the sitting of theboth are whigÑthe former an anti-Weed, sad thp hater muneration for the duties performed. Taking everything.Democrat. **ÈÇ¥È¥*Ç¥,È*¥Democrat.AmongforewornT. Plei co, of U lcraf, whotasserviproftaaad to be a disccorrigible, refractoryto the aame elaas as Robei t CaaiphaU, the LieutenantGovernor, and Comptroller r^nnistosfe ,JHto ultraism Inall things upon which h a mind dwells to of the mostdetermined character. He has shown himself, during his at present, we may wellEHTOWOt ¥ ¥ > . ¥ ¥ > ¥ ¥ . ¥ Ç ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ . JLPOIDOCIMI . ,W. Scrugbam. Wright.Democrat Republican.mbing the public funds. He w II the efore be found, if heretains hto character for integrity, the foremost amongstthe repoblicans in the Assembly chamber in thwartingto have the patronage and"power of this depanment te their own hands, to furnish places for the hungry te their own ranks, but in what precise position they will plate that office no developement has yet been made from which we can draw a conclusion.SANITARY BILL.There to also a new health bill, drawn np for a grandmetropolitan district, said to be freed from some of the odious features of the blU which was before the Legisla tureat the tost session, sad which will no doubt secure long life, happiness, and prevent sickness from ever visit- ing us hereafter. From all aocoonto of the movements of the wise heads over this matter, our citizens may ex- pect that all such diseases as are now sweeping off thou- sands every weak will, at the dose of this session, be, by authority of the "Senate and Assembly in general session convened,' banished from our midst, and the daya of the inhabitant* of Gotham fixed at the good obi patriarchal period by legislative enactment; and who to there so vain as to suppose that the hand of Provilence has any power as agamst the enactments of a black republican Legislature te the State of New York?O F F ICK O P C I T T J Q M L .' The decree has gone forth that this office shall be aboliebed during this session of the Legislature, and a bill.Democrat. Republican. ................Republican..j. ¥who erne a member of the Assembly in 1886 and 1887..Democrat.elected are several who have hereto-f withmoreorleassuccess, Geo. BuOalo baruborner detac-it that they intend to retain the present effl- , 0 . W. Smith; but we fear that if they do d to do that much for our city they will so abridge his powers that he will be an automaton in officeWe areparties who berepubli-A FRRMANKJ.T COCRT.Another project to also broached of making the Courtof Oyer and Terminer one of constant session, and the re- ferring to that tribunal all city matters that now come under varieua other depertmenta of* the city, tncreMing the number orJudges te that Court, sad raising their salaries; making, it is said, two sets of judges to occupy the beach at different periods of the yearÑthree monthsRepublican-m n r ROAD DISTRICT.There has been heretofore considerable conflict of au-¥ftethe_arbroughtago would not haretod M eoaotohtes The asptraota forseats ¥ fMy, fltkd by the Mat referred to arce n fined to the idle, vagrant political paupers who arc looking after notoriety, not excepting the spoils of office. It is the speculators who stand ready to''bang their coatstine door," where the lobby operators can hare to place the bills and the price of wultag cor-fur those robes so long sad ably worn In the days of d when the press call aloud for re- form , the cry comes up that kindred Mpirants control the machmery and election of all parties, therefore there is no use of trying to avert the evil which Is now upon us,and our citizens took upon the assembling of our law- makers at Albany as one ¥r the evils which they arc forced, under the constitmution, to submit to. Probably one of the measures that has contributed largely to bring aboat this change is the present constitutional provision allowing to members of the Legislature simply the mea- gre sum of three hundred dollars per session, which tends to prevent men of business and capacity fromthe position, leaving the Held open t o * lower , who, upon being elected, ind theA,toJ*Vhave been more than their salary, and Wtfte i t with the lobby to make op their'their expenses whilst attending to their duties, atOf MEW TOM.The present indications are that a great portion of the of our lawmakers will be devoted to oar city. First and foremost will be the remodelling of our city charter, meaning out the nest war to be found at the City Belt, and the election of Beards of AMermea andCouncilmen on one general ticket, and many other re forms now needed in ear. ctty government. And were they to nop h e n we might have reason to prates their action; hut the rich placers that they havethe peat will, beydpd a doubt, make aMM* Una one of the features at thto session, and when they mmmnnoa there is no telling when they will end, until the Legislature is brougjftr to a close by toe constitutional restriction of hue hundred flaysÑthe h e w which ear ctttoeM^psn heretofore anxiously locked sad prayed fcrT' There is a chirter already prepared, which is saM to have met with the approval or republican managera! It abolishes the present Boards of AldermM and Coaictlmen, elects upon1thaw franchises, but at thethose who resisted the appealswe have Robinson, of Oumung; r5mi*h, ofRichardson, Merritt and Chittenden, of St.Lwifeht, of lumpkins, (Well, of Wtatcheetor;vaeeu; Webster, of New York; Emei ick, ofMBfadden, of Clinton, and Fisher, of Brooklynmakes up the list of old members whose experienceCITT.Republican. all schemes of profligacy or corruption that may be de- .Republican..Republican. ¥spiihllcaii RepuMioaa.manded by the numerous squads of speculators who infestthe annual sessions of our Legislature.Hewasamem-There seems to be an anxiety on the part of aof the republican to make up te for toefor the repudiation of theirStats, at the tost election, to allow them the right to veto. Let ail lovers of the Union and constttutioa1868.Then we have H. A. Prendergrast, of Chatauqua county,Republican.Amartoaa.RepobUcaa. He belongs to theSeward-Weed wing of the party, and isRepublican. an indefatigable worker. He was a candidate for Speaker against LiUlejthn in 1887, and according to the CANAL BOAKB ASP IT9 VCTTta. usages of the party was appointed Chairman of thethen* salaries; but one scheme to that the insurance com-panies of the city ahaB be levied oa for the purpose, aad, OATTTAL FTTC3HMENT. Petitions will poor tote the Iightenim at theTHE CAN AI.S.This Board consists of the Lieutenant Governor, Secre- Committee of Ways and Means. He is a canrlidstw forperiod demanding the repeal of chapter 418 of thetory of State, Comptroller, Treasurer, Attorney General- State Engineer and Surveyor, together with the three Canal CoramIsetoners, as follows:ÑRobert CampbellDemocrat. : . . . Republican Republican RepublicanSpeaker for tnto term, and will no doubt be oaf of the leading MM la the House. Hto colleague, Hiram Smith, a radical republican, formerly of the barnburner school, was one of the quiet yet useful members of last session, always opposing the schemes of the tobby.Lucius S. May, one of the members from Allegany county, represented the same district in 1884 and 1868, and v,as a useful, upright and influential legislator. Hasof our municipal affairs. teresting subject for the session.are returned tundred who tookdesired effect, bet not otherwise.Another claw will urge thjj^hPresident of (Jsp Cham-seems, has offended the powers at Albany te some way, sad haa assumed a power te many Instances that"met with favor in all quarters, in return for which he to to kare hto s e n cut off and hto locks unmercifully Clipped te many particulars. This movement te regardSf ctattatag him on the gremte that he own ihas been drawn np for over a month, and passed into Republican fore the anti-slavery furor, swept over Western New the hands of the men who hare been selected to watchmitting the high crimes of deliberate arson aad murder.fluence to the doctrine advocated by that statesman be-Thist Is Mid by the leaders of the , be reorganised, and %he power of ap- taken out of the hands of the Mayor and placedN f | ^DliaKBBR £f the raid against esÇMriffhto this winter , in tne*7*ma lowftl nodorMaifm;* ÈÇrl at Washington on DM4th of March next,I of interest tebetag omuifested by the public Henry E-Daviee.. ****3uÈ *" ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥. ¥¥¥ ><¥¥¥¥ Ue^inlilhiih jobn,ofOswÇgo; Gip.yi%arÈ;" recuse; Dutcy, of Ihere will evidently be any number of propMitiona, An eflbrt will be made to repeal the Sunday law passed FugRire Stave law. Among the laws of1840, irkient of the BeardsPewTcelsi^gflthe groundtive for ahettor daas nietrbeis of the Boardping stone to the ottos ofof Mayor in tontbo Mayor while hethat change urge ItMayor will be an Inoen-hecome aspirants fara, that being the step-# *È4 thns Bring about aHeteerhis SUtcÑthei bta to learnÑand"he Legislature or efson who¥¥Ñ¥Ñ"wholescme change In our municipalsenato. The Aliiermenand CouneilraM, in thie new charter', are to beajaned ona general ticket, bat we arenaahto to Mf^i^wfiat perioda rainy day.werelast notorious Howe ofconstituents, leaving overthe proceedings of that, body in deferred retirement,until their deeds shall bare become somewhat defacedbytoneorforgottenV1ÇhP^PShWheoimostof those isesmitially a mercantile andcommercial e^Sfl^* toourfinanceisreallyoneofthemostImportantmeasures Seward'sMostriinhitjmaijito provide forOLD About twenty-twoof the year. If they fix it in the spring it may have the who are moving in the matter. Our OsyOeWgaiBi1sr.lt delivered up by anyber of Commerce shall bejfiWjfcyor while he hoeto that office, and urge to supporTbhThat scheme flaTNew Yorkto such claimant, by at tea of Southern States; and in order I meat an endorsement, it iformer legislative career, to have been* prawarbiaily "The CMjr inspectorshonest aiid independent, and hto old party frieada uni- prominent republicans, ahaB also be remodelled, ganising a sew system to be a paid department. Thefortoly foand hÇa opposed to all their schemes for rob-4 A t this session they are evidently determinedproject is to embrace Manhattan Island, Brooklyn aad the suburbs of both of the cities, reaching ovlr into Westchester county, and extending a* far towards Wash- tegtlatf the power or the Legtototure of New York ex toads to ma metropolitan district after the order of the present police force. The management of this grand ma chine is to be placed in the hands of three or five commis- sioners to be appointed by the Governor. It to also to provide for the use of steam engines throughout the entire district. The members are also to be placed oa a paid list, te accordance with a regularly graduated scale that will be attackedDemocrat. thw5Assembly in 1868, and is known politically aa a Weed There it! however, a chance for the party to show that good reasons Tor setting apart a day of general thanks eattofied with ita prcoMl provisions. The old fogies e nRepublican.Republican.Republican. Lucius C. Andrews sad Marquis D. Moore, of Kings they have got the office into their own hands. The incomegiving. expressly averee to the innovation ead the new feature*The Stolen Islanders may expect a renewed agitation that b a n bean tatroduced; theya n therefore compelled, atoo of their Quarantine troubles; but as they have se- n they myi to eommeace their study de e m Thenlected a member for the express purpose of looking after wen, during the test smatoa, notarnthan thirteen amenrt- this troublesome question, we are content to leave the ments adopted, and there to every prospect of as manyrepublican. > they have the interests of the city at heart, now that And h.ve full control of the Canal fund and canal debt. county, were also members in I860. The antecedents of M It now stsnds is altogether too large for a re-Charles G. Myersã4ÑAuatin Myera.ÈÑAbner Chapman.. Rep. legislature sad at various ether periods of'the year. It possessing strong proclivities towards the Seward wing of into coiiaideration, the talents required, the time em.OWfAHO.1ÑPeresH. Field....Rep. ¥ IIMTHMployed, the tabor performed aad the responsibility attach- ed, w e venture toaay that there to no other public position in the city from which such enormous sums are realised. If any new aad reasonable method could he adopted to reduce these s a n s , the proposition would meet with gene- from Aprfl, lend, to 1887; and Franca Kernan. ral favor by the property holders of our city. But there of Mctiuade, has held the office of is no danger of the republicans divesting themselves ofsubject te his heads for the present.THK JAP ANESE BUDGET.thepartj.Stephen W. FuUertoo, of Orange county, was a membermore being asked forte the next session. These numerous changes force the legal profession to purchase a new edi tote every year, sad then the ever varying ajaum efestablishes the rates of tolls, appoints the regulates the canals, remits penalties,j the public works of the State, the construction of new the superintendence of the repairs of the com-Itottssars mainly divided la Htana. Commissioner Skinner has charge of the|ether with the feeders, he. The appointed by the Legislature to fill theby the death of Samuel H. Barnes willthe middle division, comprising the BrieOneida Lake to the east end of Wayne county, the Os- wait for future developements before referring to them, pointed by ear Comptroller. This will open up a lively wego canal, the Cayuga canal, the Seneca canal, the The Assembly of 18ol,as will he seen by the table, time in regard to the Park, and be one of the features of Crooked Lake canal and the Chenango canal, whilst Com- stands thirty five democrats sad ninety-three republi- the Legislature. Aa the Commissioners have mirsioner Gardner tote charge of the western division, cans, with the seat of Mr. Myers, of Syra- S umy will not ask for any further issue offt to reported that Comptroller Haws has refused toasp the bill that has passed both branches of ear Com practice sad ptaading to a a eerious drawbackmoa Council without an appropriation by th* T<*gtototeis. The Commissioners appointed by the Legisauureof 18*8 Ths) will likely take to Albany several of the patriot* In to prepsre a Civil Codeare David Dodtay Field, William our city weU known to Japanese faae, where they will Curtis Noyee and Alexander W. Bradford. They presentte 1888, sad aa to* sad out republican.have the general charge of Victor M. Rice, ekcted .to., represent one of: theofcounty to Buffalo, and the Genesee Valley canal. be admitted to hto seat, the count will stand thirty. THI LEGISLATURE. six democrats. The democracy will therefore be In earlier times, when M M of homwty, Integrity, pa. in a large minority so far as political proclivities areture will be sufficient to complete that work, the redoo. tton of the Commissioners is the only thing that is ex- pected to come before the Legislature in reference to theV*. DO t*Cas>, IIThe whig wing of the republican party are largely te L. Mitcbill, the ascendency te the House, even outnumbering the barnburners, repoblicans sad democrats combined; but a number of these, claimed aa whig re pubilcana, will not rote for Mr. Uttlejohn, but are foundSUas Wright, John C. of the same Stanp were to belaÇf * _A. Doer, David B Ogden, WU-leaf* sf¥ ¥ BsaiV<f , \MUWSU*sagai ¥%#* V**lUfjU,M those of the State, and make a better mark te the councils at Albany than their democratic predecessors inBrie districts, held the office of Superintendent of Publicis a man of better talents than the in*n"*'t"times. Wehave thus nine democratic members aad twenty-one re publicans who have previously occupied seats in the AM-Meat of the new membew are unknown to fame, sad are to make their debut in legislative matters, and wesome of the emolument now that they a n ofit.shouttakingto the edification or the rural gentlemen who havethis new sad rising class of philosophers of our nated the "Polttkai Code' to the test Legisla-comprising the Erie canal, from the east Bap of Wayne cuse, contested. Should hto contestantÑMr. Clark- that what has already been granted by th.for collecting the taxes at an earlier period, so a* to avoid the heavy amount of interest they hare to pay under ton present arrangement. Several important Items in the badget wttt induce a sharp contest sad causa a num- ber of our citisens to show their faces in certain private rooms In Albany.BROOELTN SBBBBBBsPThe lobby from our stotar city over the river will be inattendance in larger numbera than ever. Their sunn mi last winter has encouraged them to make further demon straitens. The various city railroads, including two or thrm new projeote, widening sf streete, MtsMtoateg parks and public parade grounds, will furnish food far a targe class from the City of Churches during the winter. The one cent Terry will again be agitated: but it to understood that a different committee from that of toe test session will be on active duty, end will can in respouM several of the solid men of the Union Fen y Company, and cause Live Oak George ead hto l i n t Lieutenant. Oliver Charlick, topitch their camp at the Del*van, and hold open roomsdur tag ths msMoa. The decision of thorn lawyers whose optatoSS te such matters are considered reliable is that the recent lesse d o n not deprive the Legislature from taking action la the premise*. Then to, therefore no doubt that the Union Ferry Company will h e n an offer- tunity | s dispose of a portion of their proflte about the lllliUaÈouy.The Prospect HOI Park will atoo be broughttoIters ft Sf MM* of its present odious features in the manner of amiimnata. the present mete oftriotism and unselfishness composed our State legislative concerned. Bone of their representatives, however, poo Park this winter.bodyÑwhen the people took a deep Interest In selecting honorable representativesÑwhen the third house had not the power to inveigle BeMtnrs and Assemblymen Intosees a high order of talents, and enter upon their duties,CITT BalMeBABfiVThe controversy for the control of these valuable fran-ohises promises to be one of the Important features of then* schemes of plunder, and those who were legislative have Br- Kenyon, of Oneida county; Mr. Johnson, of Sen- thesesston. It la stated that a shop has been opened,robes had about their general bearing the dignity sad gravity which become men occupying the position of law-the people confided in their public agents, and in return those representatives transacted the busmess of the Stateeca Falls, the latter a fluent debater; J. C. Saxe, of Rens- selaer county, brother of S u e , the Vermont poet, and standing democratic candidate for Governor; Townsond, Of Queens; Berger, of Suffolk; Collinwood, of Richmond county, a gentleman of known abilities; Hardy and Co-where petitions have been prepared and sent throughout the State for signatures, with the intention to have them pour In upon the Legislature asking for sa lniMt|gelhwi into the mode of the parage of the gridirons last winter, intending to give it the general sppwrsuM of an indig- nant uprising of the citisens of the State, in hopes thereby of opening up the whole matter and keeping the gridiron hot throughout the session. It is pretty gene- rally understood that there will be an investigating com mittee to inquire into the whys sad wherefores of mat- ten and things generally In relation to the aforesaid grid- irons, sad It to also said that a number of aspiring mem. ben, running over with the indignation that the public have poured toto them to regard to these schemes, are preparing themselves to ventilate the deeds sf tost winter, u well M the teak of demolishing several promi- nent politicians who are how living te clover. Taking It altogether, these railroad bills promise to furnish a bone for the bulldogs, rat terriers asm bloodhoudos of the republican party to growl and bark over during the entire session, sad their performances willto arnun the public, if the* do not developsthat will be beneficial In the future. From the beat in- formation that we can obtain, there Is, however .awith a majority of the sepabUcaas to a business one, aad the disposal ofEvery-session bothwith honor to themselves sad justice to the public. sens, of New York, though both young and inexperienced In those days, when such men as De Witt Clinton, John possess great energy*and honesty of purpose, and others Taylor, inward Livingston, James Burt, John McLean, of greater or less Importance, who will, beyond a doubt- Nathan Sanford. pater R. Dvlngston, guard wall the Interests of their constituents, as wellUntitled DocumentTHR CRNntAL P AM.ft to understood that the Investigating Committee ap-ait?.THE TAX LEVYto annually submitted to the Legislature, and they decide heW much the city of New York shall raise by tax foxture, ft embraced ,the taws respecting the' government of t h e ' Statef Us civil polity, the function* ¥**¥ ton paMto officer* and the political rights and dutie* of it* citisens, giving aa elaborate synopsis both of the Revised Statutes sad laws Mbeequently enacted Their report WMnot acted upon,M it was presented at too tot* a petted of the melon to allow the Judiciary committees of both houses time for a thorough aad critical examination of it It will there- fore oome before this Legislature, and doubtless be) through the necessary forma to g i n it legalIt embrace* a printed volume of over six nimdred pages, sad has already been placed in the hands of the Court ef Appeals, Supreme, Superior and Common Pleas Judges of the State. It to also reported that the Commissioners will present their report on the balance of the subject under their consideration before the adjournmeat of tatoABWIHThe anti-rent parttoasa ta our Legislature have-their agitating "occupation.a n afflicted with ¥peeehea, resolutions, reports, maai- festoe* and MB* te their oSbrte M aoreen certain teaante from the payment of their debts. Oa ttaa tone have Governors, eetretaitaa, judges ef high and km degree, amrnhen ef Ctasjmsm aadthe Legislature, as well as eaaatjr cesenrs ef every grade,hem tinted. All four of the Supreme Caurt Judges In the Third Judicial district have now the aat,- rent ermine s t a s p i i around them, end are snagiy ensconced aahSad that clam ef repudistor*. But the court of teet resort b a n at lent deprived them ef a further power for mtochievous excitement- TheCeertsf Appeal* b a n decided that ths anti-rMtere must paypointed by the Senate test before the adjournment testwinter will, la their report, recommend the reduction ofthe Board of Commissioners to nve, and they to be ap. the current year. An effort will be made to fix the dayJ8nTJgBÇaaawÈwf I*VJtbiei head should be a representative man of the com that will be brought before the Legislature for our city. Our readers are aware mercial interests. We have not learned, however,SUKDAT LAWS. the State of New York eeiUfying, teiANDwiB also be a bone of *'ooatontlon inA bill has already been drawn 'Up^alli^inMfM* are- told by aent Fire Department in thia city and Brooklyn, and or-to the bilk We are unable to My who are to pay their movements.jThis promises to make aa in-levying the amassment* tor thsha> teg been decided unseamHiitlimol by toe courts te two liiilatoishjlhsj ft km O a f theto Mk tor h'gaejgemshm ashenamaOaWigeV '^^JW s W^ea^w*mate theestateretheir debt* te t h s samethe human family. This destetoa baa destroyed hobby, ead toe pettifoggers aim b a n ridden it farte theed their report on that part of the euhjeet da*asmmanner aa the rest Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 