 rrV*' . I . ..'90L. X.—NO. 2880.e IfaiNEW-YORK, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 18, 186affittTlNT riOl WASHISfiTON. assnranecs to him.The Sooth Americans and Border State men arepropose amendirerits to the Constitution T Will bejletuter wnUiehn i1 receivead mIroomn some unknown nerson unknown personol a SoutbeiB State, mtrftetni to Implleaiejorisdietion on the subjeetof doaaeaUe Slavery, etthar in the States, tbe Territories of the nailed Statas, or District oi Columbia, or over the trade of daves la or•/ AM Asaistut Secrvtary tf SUte.fEB DW IBCIBTAIT QF THE TSBASDRT.wish of the Cotton States to go out, wiU force the Border States to go out also and joinConadtotktn that will vest la thewere being kept between them, except aa herehiafter prorldod that ;BcaigiMtiMeedlng to theu or aasoelated organlied, or dieeipHBOd or uaidDi i ed,where domestic Slavery may ezlat In aay TerritoryCUunittee on the Vnioa.]dedgedto itToBlfllr validity or sincerity of tbe reeaohla ^Ugm^^^to tte Treitarr AM iMtte.You eannot save theYou have got tn come down to the work BeAn you, aod dOMnaetblng pracdcaUy. The people of the differ-Mr. lowlBg:ofthe Southern State*. Tbe iBiiliaJTM nei&er the failure of tto^^~^Ab Ez-Member oftODiaotlaaofMr. Wmaos, was elected Clerk.the ratification ofnot returnedalso as to the propriety of providing, byBat know yoqCongressfrom North Car-;ment, for tbe protection of the rlghta of slaveholders in tbe common Territories.^laed six weeks' leaVe of absence to go to Uissls- Mr. Husna, of Virginia, (Dem.,) irom the Com- tfppi, his home. He is a Secessionist, and is well mittee on Finance, reported the bill authorising treas-ttwwBsaauch to the Administration. He teceiTea urythe rights of an American cltlxen are above the Con-Blealirg.Mr. UcyiviKS, of Ohio, (Rep.,) introduced a resolu-tion instructing the Committee to report what legisla- tion is necessary to give full effect to that part of the" Constitutionwhichprovidesthattbe citizensofeachknow that tbe more and ceiiaHiir- intelligent! >>*« salary, which goes on white he is absent as aStop within your borders flaming Presses, public speakers;i»*>ir of the Mlssissipid CouTentlon called to oon-'«ert«*s«eatobleak«ptheTnion. 'lateoaoJaterest was manifested in the House to- iar, vhile the rceofaitimis w«re being submitted fsr latenM lath* Seleet Cetiailttee of thirty-throt, hot »••• alllih attracted special attention were offered bjr Mt. taautui, as they were regarded as expreasmgw bo excite tbe people against us. And I say to those rial Governments should not be comoelled to derive State shall be entitled to all the privileges and Immu- enough on tliis Continent already. Thejr Kninrof thetwas evloMd whMUi wa« aaeertainedagataistshan have a eonstitatioB lepabUean ia form, It abouldB^ublican Party proper.Greatment should deal wi'h all its creditors alike.Mr. HciiTss—We hope the Government wlU be able CsBstitBtlmi, but sfllrmed Its present efficiency. Tbc to pay all its debts. Wa piopose to set aside the pro-we'll quietly have our rights under tbe constitutiooai compact, or wttbdraw nom the Union and establish a Government fur ourselves, if then intaxattoaaand i epresentaUoB era luaapai iBlej the taxea of the people in the laad dlstrlcta for the sufiport of the Gcneiai Government shoidd be remitted to them,that no new Territory shall ever be acquired to be owned by the United States or to be'dy far tbe (Bssensfaaa that now exist between The great mass of the people in the BlaTehM&igl the several States and the tbereof Is in States are to be moved other coouiJeiationB.thtttteHnttiSiitlraspiKHMed no amendment to the ether rcaolntiuis were very good, but were lookedpeopleby jealousies,asmerelyindlrldualopinions.So also were the prooeedings in the Senate on thepursuance thereof^penCries of ' Order I";Trcasaiy Note UU significant.Mr. Binma pro- paaed to reduce the amount from ten to three mil- Sobs, which would carry on the GoTemment to the 4th of March next, and to pledge the proceeds of the sale of public lands to relleTe the Cotton States from any porttrai of the debt created thereb;. Mr. Hvx-tl e galleiy if it occurs aisain. "enforce tbeand if so thelegUlation is required to secure such enforcement that to avoid all further controversies In regard to the several Territories of the United States, the said Com- mittee divide the said Territories into States of a con venlent siie, with a view to their prompt admission into the Union on an equal footing with the original States.Mr. McCuusAND, of Illinois, (Dem.,) introduced the lesoluUon :Rftolvetl, That the Committee of Thirty-three be In- Btrueted to ffcQulre and report whether Congress hasrescued from force rightful custody bystrongest of their leaders.eelved by the oourse of Cess, who made the samowell as every other species of property? WUl he lished iB aewspapen. I do reaember to have read a provide—first, that Congress shall have no powar orfearful that the course of the Repoblioans in ao-p,erv.io-tedsoasto II eve..r saliJdthem.Wasbhtstok, Wednesday, Dee. 12.camtwr Wlcftril, oir Texas, on The General Land Office has iMued a patent to the Government as about to be adoilnlaier- tlve bodacaa, aaid aAensardt adjoumed.•r CHBpNmiM PNpMitioiu.hoii.ing States, It would be ooasidered a part of tbe series of resolutionadeelaring that the repreaantatlves ment, when abpot to be presided over bv those who African Slave-trade. To nae yoor own w«iid%wtfcirBtteitBd. IfM,greattroublewinariw,ution. that amendments to Supposereasonsof ourSee- Ntaiy Cms kaowe Terr little or nothing of tke detalliwhich,beginoinghistorysanction each and every operation of the Federal Government, and to consider whether a dual Execu--'__a<lk«aaee.The Coauulltee on the State of the Union met to-same, but that New- York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illi- and faithful oooporatlon for the common welfare, are tive, or the division of the Senate into two bodies, or Government which was fonbed to "aaenn li»4«y. Oath, of lliMiasl|i|d;Datu, of Hurland;Twmn. of HUnoiaCrmis, of Iowa;and Htrvra-satisfied witn when nothing has b^n offered to us. What's t^e use wlten we don't believe we will be peimltted to retain even that which we miy hive if the two senators (lom New-York, the Senators fromadvising body, or council, or wbat other-,of anotheramendmenta to the Federal Constitution would best piomote that result, and to report thereon.the secession movement. If itnot persist so vehemently in excluding all but tteane, ef Hew-Tork, talked, batno coochidon was ar-rtradat The talk was generally ooaeiUatory, Ther«Mi»Hteemeet*againto-morn>w,whenpropadtloniteaaeaqironiiMwillbepatin. HAwmri,ofFlori-da, waa the only abient member of the Committee.of Saatt Carolina, was present, as a specta->,GoedfnUgpteiafied,andas the Territorial qnes- liesliflwoalyeaeatissiie,a aatlsfitetory result is mnByhoped for.I*Co.ezprea*theopinionthat the Treasury wni not be at a diacoont, as suggested re-nt tJiat they will be at a premium.ClBH AuxiOB, of Minnesota, is men- itacd by many here for the oflee of Commissioner of tke Q^mral Land Office, under the incoming Admin- k^BhiH. KsteageaperieneeasI«idOflioerinthe 'A^tA^'tothcr with his ttiorough knowledge of the detiBsof OUT tasid system, preeminently qnalifiss himto the peattioD.B. IL RBOsaa, cleric in the Patent-oAoe, has ob*;that if, while livingthe anthoriUes of the City of Portland, Oregon, under tketown-^ite law of ISM, for 330 acres, and providing for conflicting claims of other parties. This subjectof fagitive slaves under the operation of the same, the Territoriea of the United the more adcqoata punislunent of Ita Intiaetlan, andaffonllng proper oompeasation to the ownera of thoaewho are not returned. Also to inquire wbat fortMT9RfiSTIM6 FBCKSBDINGS IN THE BODSE. has been ia controversy for the last ten years, and has 1 Fay they ought not to be. If amendments to the to the preaent condition of the oooatry.eonatitutional checka are demanded, by a aenae ofenlisted some of the most eminent counsel of the country.by Mr. niAai, the Superintendent of Public Printing, for the purchase of the printing establishment former-Constitution, which would secure us everythbu weask. were ratified by fifteen Slave and ten Mon^avo Mr. Tbatbb, of MaasaehBsetta, (Rep.,) submitted asiaveholding States, agalast the operatioD of the Federal Govern-ciateconapiratorsseek ia thereatoratioh Cl ifmAt a meetisg of the Joint Committee on Printing present Senators Fitob, Davis and Ajwdoht, and Re-Were made a of theof the people of the United States regard it aa the dutyhostility to tbelr institutions, and to consider whetherekum; wa want to buy, not to sell them. It is aVbgUBidaabeen piinted for the House, on account of the absence of Mr. Fobs, the printer.amending promptthe rendition ofSlaveyoarqpiufkaey.The Presidentation of Commissioner of Patents Paiur Fsaxe Thcuas, of Maryland, as Secretary of the Treasury, which was unanimously confirmed without the cus- tomary reference, and also that of Ex-Gov. WsLus, of.Cslifornla, as Minister to Mexico.we shall deserveto be remembered and de-to-daypublic,this Union, are whollyconfidence of any portion of the American people that the present state of imlriendly feeling existingThe political poEition of Senator Bshjauih has besn misunderstood. HeIsastrongSecessionii^t.Representative Lahab left to-night for Mississippi to attend the State Convention.CONGBESSIONAI. PROCEEDINGS.SENATE.Mr. BiOLSB, of Pennsylvania, (Dem.,) offered an amendment to Mr. Mobull's tariff bill, which was re- ferred to the Committee on Finance, with the bill.suppressedtbe refusal, and failure of certain Bxeeatives of neglect— :amendedas theainloium amount, and with an amendment re- ferriog to the dete for their expiration, and the inter- estallowed; andthattheproceedsofthesalesofthe public lands are to be set apart as security for the re- demption of the notes.Mr. Hvima said It was an object to give the notes te the lowest bidder.Mr. AaTBOFT, of Rhode Island, (Rep.,) said, let thenotes be sold for what will bring. The fiovern- theygresseither,can soiljust power from the consent of tbe governed, Terrfio-notes,by inserting(00 instead ofon Ameri- and that, as all Governments derive theirceeds of the public domain, so as to encourage bid- derstogetnotesatpar. Iftenmillionswereissued, will it not help the notes sot only of this Governmest, but of the GoveroDients of all the States.>uu regard them, I tell ypu that Cotton is King. all their expenses [Laughter in the galleries.]mises of the and of tbe laws made in Constitution," when proper moment,"Mr. Antboht called for the yeas and nays on adopt- madeing Mr. HcKTia'i amendment.Mr. Hals, of New-Hampshire, cUep.,) said the Gov-ernment was pledged to redeem these notes.Mr. Cameeon, of Penrsylvama, (Rep.,) quoted theNow;the new Government,andit. Malameadments,itischarged,looktothedissolu- stootsfromaNew-Yorkpaper. Iwouldliketosee Mr.Davisaro^efrombisscat,andsaidtioa of the Union.The impression generally prevails that the proceed-notes issued in sums of not less than twenty dollars. Mr. FzEBBSSiK. of Maine, (Rep.,) said, as the bill originally came from the House, the Secretaiy of the:have not a tendency to strengthen the prospects for a reconciliation.iags to-daytrue intent and meaning of the Constitutloa of the Treasury was authorised to sell for what he could ILt m all instiuctcd after awhile. [FremenJous ap- ULited States in telation to the subject of African Slav-permanencymouths,dayremain cut now. The notes arc issued at difrtreut dates to difTerent subscriber?.not becaube it is an inheritance from our for it is ncl'her the one nor theto all the citilens of the several States an.l fuearriatxotrieesd, and their right to the possession and controllikely to"" meet the view* and enM the > Mr. lliKSMAH, of Arkansas, (Dem.,) proposed Bj-mpathies of either fegland or Franca T Yoai^,of the Republic, notwithstanding theand in another Chamber.as near as each member of said Council to practicable—presentstorm will pass over, leaving the nation more healthymuch as any State.Mr. CoLLAain, of Vermont, (Rep.)—;ticable said Committee, that they report to by SpecialandthatsaidSpeciaLCom- mittee also be requested to take Into consideration the—whether this end cin 'be ac ribbean Sea to your supremacy over the Gult—toand vigorous than ever.Applicailon was made by South Carolina toslay to the Executive to three millions.capicalir-tsbroken,willyou goto direct taxation.Secretary Plots, to purchase a quantity of rifle mus- ketswithswordbayonets. Mr.Mius,whoappliedSivxau. SsnAiOBB—" No, no."held to service or \&^0T in any State, or in any Ter-tion of the United States?you bring about such a result?Part ofinto Mexicoderad to him, and the report that Thomas was to suc-ceed Coaa, eounteractad the entire feeling, andflnances are again down to-day. The new Secretarythe sales of the public lands ," on whleli Mr. Sixjiohs called for the ayes and nays.Absentess—Messrs. ilLivard. Bi,T>r. Brifrht, Brown. Clay. Collnmer, Che:3tDUt. Chandler, Hamlin, llummond, Hemphill. Iverson. Mallfrv. Pui:h, Rice, Toombs.By t!.e late election it would seem as If the people of the N(-rth thought themselves responsible for the domestic Institutions ol all tbe States. They tell us a £;ate has not a ilghtto call out anarmy and navy, or necoiiate with a foreign Power when she is co- erced'l.y o-'ier States. Do vou suppose we can be'v.her. wc fef1'he pco( Ic anion.:;5t whom I live have passed that puiiit. 1 aia a devoted friend of the Union, but I Idovv tlrdt It liiust be dissolved, because 1 can see i.o diti .(.Itiuii to sa: e it among those who alone can colt. Wiien thef.'oni tiie Union, as they will do, in the next two niijiub- ihty wi;] meet the Convention, adopt a FiiJ- enii Gnvernment, and establish a foreign departdient, atid ti en 1 shall advocate the adoption of that same Con.-ti:u;ion ihi-t was ratified by the old thirteen; is tbe result of conciliation andsecurity shall be given for a full iceappQ'; ance with these conditions, and for dbchs^^iig and returning tbe laborers at the ezpiiatiaii of tts stipulated term. Even in tliis foini4t is by.no mesna certain tbat England and Prance will enter uponof the was immediately confirmed by the Treasurylar spirit.Mr. Moaais, of Pennsylvania, (Ind.,) offered a reso-lawcondition cf the fugitive.Mr. Stxtvast, of Maryland, (Dem.,) offered the fol-lowingThat hn smlcable settlement be made, and anduties tomorrow. Hisis said toremain mueb longerhis duty to resign his positionthe system. But would such a systembe bisreadineis to do his flnancial matters.only quaUSeation President BccauiAir,and hissecession were called up,your purposes ?subservingtobidding. He la wholly ignorantFoot,Ver-iion;,F\;gitlve Slaveis susceptibleHe didGov. Waiiia was confirmed & Minister to Mexico. Kb nominaUon waa made for the Supreme Bench.ing,Mr. WtGFAH rost to speai. He saidrecollection of their uniformkindness anyAn eifortbinding,In relation to Incorporated land offiijes, and the bill and to the remotest generatio.u Anythmg»m be made In the:equitabletoward him.He was excused.The House passed a bill making further provisionischildren, shall thns be mere propertyBerfral pvtles arrived this evening from New- Baglljjld, Nev-ToA and the Northwest, drawn hither by fliepaaapeeta of trouble concerning the Union.one of the (;r!ov.ii.f,es under which the Southernliiack kepublican. The people of the NoriU mutto scn-c Ui their purity the constitutional rights of all the States within the Union and further to inquireHouse to morrow toDuring theadjustment of all mattars between the StatasgainIt b tra^eratood that Hxaai, Superintendent of Pub- that diniai hasr.f.^ei t.owners of ings of ihe pretende.! foUcwers of Christ, and oy 8S to the most reasonable and just mode by wMch Mr. Thatex's bill was referred to the CommitteeHe Ftfariing, hucompleted the bargain with Waasiu for the Government Piintiog-office, for $3S,Ooa. It is doobtfiil whether it will be aoeepted or not by the In- oomlBg AdrainiatraUoB.Secretary C<n> is well known to have said that hein a state ofanaMeant, reported a Deficiency Appropriation bill. to half so much as the unwiUingnw* ><rf oar Fed- to offer awas not a secessionist soa* the South could •at im rights in the Untoa, and he had -no idea ftnowMkaagoof leaviBg tte Cdtjaai., It la sowlong<^ amUy aadmrtoad that Oe FniUmliaiBnek^. protectJudicial Department tonewspapfra.jooni,*M<hwaa Sfrfiio «•»« "jSiJSL, A4)oBia«d.^Senator Wilsoh has addressed a letter to Calzb get. The money market is entirely regulated by plauseery(tKO thirds of both Hou,es concurring), that the foltow-to make the ofpeople any particu-Cosana, in reply to his late speeches, in which Gen. monied men. Wc should not be obliged to se'.l theMr. WioFAU. continuedner Bot flattering to CDBsna's oonslBtenoy. This the present time. Something must be done to give a over continental Euroi»e. There's no crowned head, said ConstitutioD, viz.:Cnana'a record ta Congress Is sliown up in a man-securities for what we can get for them, eepecially att-j the Cou^ti- tuiion. v^hirh, when ratified by CoaveDtl9n, in three- fonrtha uf the several states, shall be valid as j^art ofend wLo has beenChamber, apparently much Interested in the proceed- row money, and pledges his property therefor. 1ings.Foreign dispatchesWe have money to raise In order to preserve public credit. We must have practical men to deal witn a practical subject.importii will amount to two hundred and fifty millions,aiid cent, upon that puts into our fo.'ty percluded within the Umits of any existing States, neither Corgress nor any Territorial tioveirment shall pasi anyPiesident, and establishing in lieu thereof an Execu- tive Council, consisting of three members, to be elected by districta composed of the contiguous Stateshas combined to fix itT AU tina great uponreceived at the British and French Legations express entire confideace in thetreasury twenty per cent gives fiitytbe establi'ihment of Sla- Provided always that tbe said Territory, or any of it, when admitted aa a State, stiall be received Into the Union with or without SUvery, as its constitu-endomPowers of the earth liave entered into trBstiaa, at have macle laws, by which that trade ia deelarad to! t is the ii.tention to borrow mojicy -la person, was answered that the Secretary of War and give thes*- notes as security.restore theItad BO power to sell the public arms, except those eoodeBBed on Inspection. Mr. Miijg leaves on Fri-tekone.Tke agents of several newly-patented arms aredoing a heavy business here in contracting to Eupply the Soothem States.threemillions. LastJanuarytenmillionswer?snM,the I'nlou be saved ? I have always been a Unioaman ai:d 1 am now a Union man : not from any sillylo whom such service or labor may be due.The right of transit, or temporary sojourn in, tha sev.;-ral States »nd Territories of the United States, is hereby complithed by a voluntary,ry, rad its eonflrmatlon this afternoon, surprises every eae.badly,Inotice U.at in thesustainingFtate or other constitution, shall be duU aod void.Adeajii, of New-Jersey, (Dem.,) submittedprohibitanywhere, or Irestrict tbe trade ha staves between themeasures are of their own oeceaa-ofin the chair.ralaaae the bidders for the loan under Seuat'.t from IlUnols (Doca- tte aot of June talk here yesterday the1 have r.n so thut each and every Stata and people dcu^-t that when Vlrglnli, Tenne.=- separating:abshoolruttoef^last. They have lost heavUy alreadyMoaef Conand other dlsunionlste connectelStfiU-.'.In some patriotic platitudes on the sub- see. Ma-.ylaiid, Keiducky, and the oth*5r border tbeic^f may know their precise duties and obligationsthe time for to select certain lands. Oregonlinatations or conditions uponthe traffic.throughHhe ac- wl.hLAS) indulgedject of saving the Union. I understood him to sayfeefctaics. what wc have done, that they will oomein that event,and nojustifiable cause of disturbanceextendingMr. TuAvsa. cf Massachusetts, (Rep..) from thethis, anyintroduce intoof Slavery as it.;ii"ahim towiiuj J bepower. Uaiier this 1 will state to him (if seceFhion is tbe election to the Pre.'^ldency of i adjusted that the;feeling of security to these notes. Put out the notes,and in two years there will be a difficulty to get money for them. Money we must have by the Ut live of January, to preserve the credit of the Government. ci.nand also whether any further legislation is required to secure a prompt,I undersSinJ the amendments to be to confine the power given toareWhen you cease to have exports, will you have im r orts T Factories will then be burnt down, and capi- talists po to the wall. I know you don't regard us in earnest. I would save the Union it 1 ceuid, but it is my deliberate impression, and I have teen studying the character oi the oeopie youin slaves between the slave-holding States and Territo-ries. of slaves within the Themi^rationor importationtnitcd Stattjs, or any of tbe Territories thereof, fromany foreign country, is hereby prohibited. No person to accommodate the same to the existing Constitu-(100,and should be sacredeverywhereMr.Cajusu^—Mr. CoiXAUia—I UiiuX ll^e limitation of that bi.l is lepreseiit for years past Now the q'^-estlon is. canriiory of the United States, under tbethereof,;your1 think for one year. The great body of the. .»; notes iictieii that It is of Divine origin not that blood was ;division on the part some of the Slave States into two or more States.of^ bringvote forKepublicsn friends stand up fo. the same thing.The bill, having been cut down to ttiree millions,was pftsfed.The following; is the vo*e on the secoui amendmentremedy;Tke oBtranally reported nomination of Mr.Gnaia Inspired great confldence in fiDanclal circles.Bat tke denial from Lonisville that it had been ten. second section add the words, ani trie proceeds of ratiued aiid made it binding between them.or im-any State defeating asshall be vol- shall be fer a for, and tiiat theaiMtby Mr. HcsTXs to the billthe Fugitive Slave law not to be entitled to re-the service untary,—that stipulatedNays—Messrs. Anthony. Bina:h;im. Doolittle. Uoair'RS.Senate, and will enter upon the discharge of his I'UTkee, root, Oilmes. ))%rlKn. King, .mmm.irn, Ttn amueeu with clep-trap and Fourth of July oratorsthe Union and Committee to InqtilreEyck, Trunibull, yfiide, and WilliinsoD.After the bill pss-ied, the rc.oluM'^ns in 'eforcnoe to(Rep.,)when Mr. YcxrE, of Florida, (Dem..) Interrupt- ing him, asked leave to move a reconsideration of the bill providing for the issue of Treasury n.ites.I tltat we are a nation inueriting rlghts-lution instructingreport as to whether State Personal Liberty bills are in cunfiict with the Constitution, and further to in-a member of Congress, he felt Itanswer Tou want slavea^nol appren-;pairingpresentation in Congress until tbe nullifying repealed, dtc.Mr.Mr. WiarAiL, of Texas, (Dem.,) commenced speak-•'obeyed,laws beofquire whetherjjithidforIt ;designsMr. FifSESDEK—ldon*tde?;retohave Govemcient'e o;lier. This Union is a compact tietween tlie titates. The Inheriiance may be regardedof their slaves duri' ebe ho law enacteo by Ouo^ess for the ren- amendments lo the Constitution expressly recogniz-on the favor with which theAppientioe-paper shaved. ^ theMr. Ca?ieeok—This Goverrinieat keeps money very It Is awith Great Brit.iia and France.between the States for a commoaimi'UgDed sball be In ditlijuof fuftitire slavesany deffree impaireding propertyin slaves, where Slavery nowor perhaps,hasbeen byFra]ice,andthein- regardedbe tolerated even by Bngland.Tlie l epoi lea appointment of FaiLir Fauoia Thoh asCeanissioner of Patents, as Secretary of the Treasu- credit of the Government the l^jecessioalsts and my organization of a certain Government. Tney made aand lerritorial lawn, and all such provision in aay Federal Government to or Interfere with it dications'this\J^V'l.ifl.'b?e pledge in good fallb todelegates to the State Convention advocate sending aConuDlssioner to the Federal Government, to nego- areuot>il^satisAed. He lells us that there are two Senator Is alll askexiremes of those who live tiste the terms for remaining in the Union, and that States and thopseeojwihloe—In to thetroiuitathroagh anyThe report that Mr. VAiLAXCiauAa said there could Senate (r on the by Tou caiuuit save the Union stump.I owe allegiance to Um Ualted Statec. I beUere I owe allegiance lo my State, aad to that State alle-shall beSenate will actDecencyis looked for.—at its own discretion. Aad thefrom the Senators.]and laughter from tiietherelore. Rfrohed, ByinlLi< ns.What tariff we will Iadopt expectto know^^Kj^^^WP"body for amendments to tbe Coustitutloo T go back to Out a-xmle ofllliEoisar.d urge before them the ratlfiaatlun ofI said in some nmta of aiiae. Bat I somethtoi oan*t tell wlbwa)lamendments to tlieFederal Goveiua.eot not only the power, but mtke itor intimated thai the Wlte Awakesmp,.l.y,complained of and that the anytoing,peopletherethat the rights of masters or owaera to theirMtsien KothiBg but Reraiitiw aalalong the Guif, an JtUaaatisfled withStatesed bytheloooBtsg AdndaMradon. There ta aothlng that will satlsty tnem except proper aoMOiliBeBts of the Constitution, and these ameadments must be made by the Northern States mianimoualy, or the people of the Southern Sutes will not be satlafied, and^W Statea It yoo fSu. have fall and sufficient guaranteea opoB iimj wiy of theae pointa you would be just aa zadfiML though D0t perhaps so sanguine, an advoeale «f Mi- cession aa you are now. What you and jaa aaao-Constitution. But if i^lght of the Non-SUveboidingStates voted against the amendmsnta, and yet theyhave avowedly come into on the of "We of Alabama iratif tlava to be power groundat once here partupon—the Senator will be permitted to proceed. I think we attach too much importance to the e:^pressiun of the galleries. 1 take it for granted that those warned ycs*frday did not repeat today. Yesterday there was oi.e set, to-day there's a new set. We will getto impart ne- —galleries,;constitutional powerlar State or mnnicipal corporation therein liable to io- dtmnlfy the owner of any slave escaping into such State.I say Cotton is King, and that Cotton waves his sceptre, not only over thirty- three Slates, but over the island of Ireat Britain, and:ing article be proposed as an amendmentin all territory of the United States lying north ofMr. SiwASB, of New Yc»k, (Rep.)—The State of inexcitement. These say they doubt not the Kew-York takes caution to preserve hercfe:lii as erlnthe galleries.] You suppose num'wrs contribute tion msy trescribeattbe time of admission. Oongresi be armed with a veto power such as is now vested insiaveholding,der the ConstituHen, as when the old thirteen States;indispensable,elfhtCotton States shall witadrawwith the Committee:persons,—incapable oflively , noourthat he was prepared to make any effort in his power avvay before this beauiifal fabric will again be *he may take place in the future, as far as human fore-thelaliiULion,an.. Iben notmanymonths willpasssyeteinCommittee on Public Lands, reported a blU creating ae Federal Administration. DatU thiee bidders u« to accomplish that desirable end. He a-'Iced for a scene cf our difccurslon*:. In which we wfu not only sight can guard against it, and further to enable them, the land district of Dacotab, and providing for the Tdeased, the Treasury Notes, it is thought, win avail specification of the wrongs or the imaginary wrongs Ci>ii£lder these niat'.ers periaining to our domoscic. as they havs lived to long together in the bonds of admitslou of a delegate in Congress from that Terri-wcu'ld fatal to «»«»..fantltWe.Bqtorts are stlli current that Wads and Wilsohaffeirs, but also in regard to our foreign relations.Mr. WiGFALL lic-e read extracts from the Coustitu-Federal Union, to acquiesce In the neces- peaceablytory. Mr.the moralsentimeut of the age,—to iheideaay^ritover,itliatth.i Southern .States were suffering, or supposedofbill, and mentioned that he had preparedthe bills for;in the Eistera live in the Gulf Sbtes, aod thatCertain ta Jawtin War.M«etiBg <rftike Honae. Special SnrasHB of Georgia advocates the same* plaa, and la they oilBuuderhtand tbequaaiion of difference between plomats on their aide. A great deal Is said about this teed by protection ; that fugitive slavea ahall ba deliv-If so, it will have the desired eifeot of giving time, whereby the Uaioh may be saved.W BUI in not be peaceable secession is erroneous. His decla- by singing hosaunahs to it !ration was the apposite. O. P. Q. DISPATCH TO THX ASSOCtAtlJi PBOS.ered up on demand of their ownera or and maaten,them eniirely. But be says that tbe people of UUnots being the land of Ubeity, aad of a people who boost and Kertneky understand all! If the Northern States that they have a right to govern themaelvea. Well, desire it, this Unloacaa; be saved; bat thta Union you will have aa opportonltT to make the experi-Hon. W. L.TAKCXT—2)e«r Str:by raasoa of the see frcm my last letter that I have bo lUfli 1a^k0we woud are amendments to the ConstitaUonConstitution,n is Imported cmteBay that TuaooR, the As- presentatives GusLtT and Hasxih, the contract made which are distasteful to eight of the Nan Slave- and sections, and to devote themseivea honestly and the etaveholding interesta, so as to make it neoosaary. $l,G00each for her negroesWiiBiiraNB, Wedneadsy; Dec. 13. riMutaaeraterr of State, hu ndsned, but it i» notsayof every patriot, in the preaent crisis, to forget parties,holding States, sad which «U probably be disregarded just the same as they disregard the present Constitu-antagontamhigh. ViigiBfar ahatethe Constitatioa «erepropo»ed and fifteen Slave Sutes should ratify tliem, and the noo-alaveholUlng States should do thein theIndependent nation, impelled these States to friendlyw^ly owned by Wmsiu, for a Government office, wasapproved without discent The price agreed to bepaid is (135,000, which the Superintendent thinks becan save in a single eecslon on printing and binding.It is understood that Mr. GnxLiT will to-morrow in-troduce a resolution, declaring the office of Printer tothe House vacant, and directing the Superintendent tocontract forthwith for the execution of the printing Massachusetts, the Senator from the two Sena- erected to commemorate the lieroic deeds of Mr. ofnois, luuiana, Iowa and other bonier States should re- in full force aad should stimulata sectionofTon will not understand me aa implying flMtfuse to ratify the amendments, of what practliiat use « ould the ameadments be to us ! None! What IsmajoritySenators from both tbeblessingsLibeitypostaritf."a reso- for the present session. As yet no documents have tors fium lilinois, the Senator from New-Hampebire, otu Fathers, we prove ourselves unable to lution Instructing the Committee to inquire as to theCotton States fromyour counsela. To« wooldtheSenatorfromMaineandothers,whoareregard-ed as Republican men, that under tbe Constitu- denyof with a view to thetuckytoaahareinthecondnctofIf this were a movement in the iatereat of all flw Siaveholding States, it would Iiave been deeidsd in a general convention of ttiem all.very well that in such a convention it wonld'be Im-tion slaves are recognized as property. If we could the genius and patriotism of the founders of the Re-believe they would go to tbelr constituents andsent to the Senate the nomin- urgeamendments could be ratified and carried outmenwilling to barter the ptibUc welfare for their own ag- grandizement, and to secure a local popularity, by ex-—to conceal real and tbat it*>in good faith ; "will cease;that any eitixens of thisRepublic,whb arethating the irrepressible conflict^" that theyyour motive, would be fatal to the scheme.theyshall declara slaves are propertypreach-possible exposure;that we shan't have piraies and murderers andSouth;may look and see the derision when 1 make this prop-;Hlave StatesReaoiveif, That the CoBuaittee of thlrty-tbree for thaosition. [ Laughter 1of1 trust they will understand the Learn even from your enemies What will yon talk when I tell youLatin maxim savs some witdom.as 1 have toldago, you'll not be permitted to keep thaV which you have now. You are regarded as poltroons ; and toey talk of coercion—of holding the " glorious Union," as they call It. with cords of hemp, yet you petition the " gloilous Union" to continue.About this time Senator r- took the Chsdr of thePresident of the Senate.Mr. WispAiL continued without interruptionand tliat we aresition of any more such dependencies, as being ad- verse to the Intaresta af a Republican Government,peoplerepresented long, longtbat Confederacy.:apposedto the creation or theacqui-whom Iwill be "" to Onr^aa-you persist ag- gression, these sovereign States will settle the quea-the faitliful observance by the several States Their tlieir local pride,:1hopemay prefer,himselfas laid in his Mr. \^'iuPAU. then ctintlnued ; The immeliatc ciuse plan by which the same can be speedily and finally Ing Dacotah.Oie^, g^ '^ civilized nation on the face thafiiypr^ai«d, and will speak soon on the crisis, la tid thst -wiiet the giievances were made known he gur^tlcn oi It-, lirit Presluentof the United States. provide, in rase of disagreement in the future, B>m« nigaolzing various Territorial Governments, Inclni- Chribtian world,—if you expect ever tot.; i'cfurfiiing.I understoodpledgelion -tnd iawsof Soi;thCarolina previous to the inau-are steadilyready to redress Uiem as far Bt„te of thingsCommittee inquire, amoog Mr. Cox, of Ohio, (Dem.,) inquiredwhether theyassent of anyearth to such a scheme.,,^,r .^ _ -f;.Sistesthlrk they -,-eBuH-, ernment h^s i:,,,i -i.„ ,,^,,,, ^,,,that this Gov-Mr. Geow replied In the affirmative, and said the Housecould.lf they chose, strike out the provisions.ii^»|tt^ and^T^^ajee^; of the gr«at-naval Powers in suppreasintflt^pS^vislaves in theirtcp-chliig in ycurschoolsere:itoechildren t3 hate us.has thoseta theMr. DocQiAs whuUier he waswithin the Federal jurisdiction.Federaljarl~Ji,.,ion.I haveaskedAwake that their services oould not he tion, each sovereign State being repossessed of its prsetorlanswith after the election, bat that they would delegated authority to the.Federal Union, and adjust-answer from him, andbe introduced, whether he will affordpurposealso someIhe future, if any disputes shall ailse, they may benot Wm Uiglslative, Ezecuilve,pro^tojB argument fte;5S2^ft.rStathe Senator, .^ ^Mr. BxWAip replied that he did Mywhit waa pub-oflTered the foUow-That tba CoBititutlMBi o«|Mtol)« aiacndedaoaato Uidw«ohth«B>otlontodoa«.*<>and the haaitat^onenforce npon Bp^ Oe iiilfiUment of hflt treatythat apeetin ofknown a;slaves, aiIwhich I live with fire and sword.plan aad speedily settled.'IngThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com''Tarfn^iito order.Mr. MOEMS-I have saldaU I wantedIfttch oonfissloD now'existed. ...^„ „««.«irfin»« national honor. Our refnsil to concede a mutoal Mr. JoBir CeoBABS thought *at *heseI didS'lppcEc that I will njt do so.not get a direct He says he will show or answer by his vo'e if a billof their Is to sweep the organlxatlonan American questiea, and has been eost-protection or (Dooolas) interpose by theor {>ropertygrounc^andlu the ealleries.]falriyMr. laaa,X%K^t late ol affairs hai been present broughtpre-successful'htt theLbout by m^ans of the llel;»erb'jok, by the teachings of the Senator from New-York. (Sbwarj>,) by thepreach-first result ofbe to increase immenselyKncv.Thesecession,:Itprotect theUtle wi.3r,evcr they were with- Tilt Senator from New York had told his Wile- their rights may be maintainedthe vigorring.Is,v„„.„ty^ and upon;oftheWholeontheStateoftheUnion.separa- Mr. Sbxbbah, from the Committee of Ways trade. Nothing paralyzed aflS^ h^»r-prepared to give ditpenied the fniits of beneededtosecureMr. Morris, of IlUuois, (Dem.,) wished lo offend the Sou^i special resolution declaring devotion to the Union, and maae eral Government by aay /victory. Theyarea half a million of men In uniform. weU drills<l, and thetheUahilltleaofeach,withsuchothermeasures of fahr settlement as may appear ta them just; andinttiisdirection. Ithasbe^made,toaome. zeal ^intosay.considerations of naval righta and of plicated by '^>country Mr. StwA«D arose and said, I want to know theplace where it ia.to take place. [Laughterextent,',..Mr. wiorALLsaldhe had seen it reported ia theUntitled DocumentofVirginia, (Dem.,)ware a aaOdCBt whyright of sesrcfa.I may, have said, .—an tmperative dmty to protect ttaut fniptrta <u it pro-licit entry other tptcitt of froMrtyt V he oan do say safely, I nevei said aayttalna which oould. I hope this,thenitwillendoneofourdifficulties. theSenatorwlUexcusene. Ihopehewillnotdeem Itbyadequateaadefficientlegislation;at all to lecute ihefraltBeittalTTletoty. I think I oan or ItisunderstoodthatsomeoftheSouthCarolina Buttothisneanswersthereisnoretsonfortheex- itnecessarytoantmyselfnadaranyobUgatlonatoex- toriallegislation,orotherTerrttarlalauthority,shaUcitement in the Soutbem Statesthat tncy have nutnereaner. onntlooed,; I onlyaawareportofhlssoeech. regard theineoailsg Adndalstratlon, H will have one-half Senate, the Cabinet and the di-ImpooibflityofResteiqr«>•"*"'*— M ^plain anytnlag Mr. wiorAU[Applause.]and aald, the denial of thecannot he aaved flattery ekber oa the floor of tt>e meat [Laughter.] For ntyaelf. I doot beUeve that legislation of any State, or the act of ita e«malltntionalVnloa by Fourth of maUngshall be gtvoi.Mr. WisrsiL oaattaaod hk raDiarits tUl 1-S6 P. M.,SBita,July apeeehea!ent alavefacMlng States, eifeciaUy the Cotloa when,'gianceonmotioaef Hr. ofthe Senate proceeded to tbe aoaaUetatlon of Exeea-H0U8& oar aKnaSENTATTVES.The Speakei^inuaaait to an order of yester- day, called the varloiu States for propositions relatlsfearnestly;them cheaper.'"Chiat Nsoaoxa —ia (heto the eanae of theiroouatrysepa- as an rately and distinetly given, should be required to"tire wUch ronses yoo to tbe task of deatniTlng;*to ouraelves and ourthe use, then, of discussing what we would be every other section, and to the wlxde Union, without to all action on the part of that body, or the creation this is Ibe motive of all whom yon have enllaladiiknow, everyto tbe fair and faithful discharge of all obligations tothe a makingreservation and without evasionunder tbe shadow of the monuments which we barewere, yoawooidOhio, JuBwg, Virginia,(Dem.,)introducedhaveadmitted andTemieaaeeandKan- Virginiatransmit to our children the Institutions created byFugitive fugitivelaw, slavesproper amenlmeuts, we believe theGull Slates wunlcf suspend actioo ; certainly so if the nounced as anatioB of great monuments and little constitutionai amendment or Congressional enact-Mr. Cox, of Ohio,societies shall be abolished, and Aboiidoa Presses dtingjealousy and animosity between the States of part of the siaveholding States of this tlonfederacv is ment of her independent existence, >Tpoei4;;that Abolition no be speeches longerisaa she has been Irom tbeBO-shall be delivered up when fugitivesnow,earlieatthatthat Abolitionsubmitted theWhtreat, One of the chief and just oomplainta on thethey(Dem.,)following:unworthyof tbe honor or theto tbe Slave-tradeindicted for treason, murder and slave-stealiag iu said gives her formal notice that her lii lamadeour women In slavery. Until an honest effort is made,I say, to meet the demands of the South, there is aprospect oi giving them a (air oonsideration. [Roarsof laughter from the galleries, and ' Aheins."] He between the different sections of this Confederacy, quirtil to consider what, 11 any, further legislation iscontinued, and said the Senators may laugh in their has arisen from the by and tbe necessary to carry, out the second clause of tbe second tucky, Tennessee, ICaryland all the FhwQar faces. [Renewed laughter in the whole Uouse.l My government, Congress secUon of the fourth Article of tbe Constitution for thefilend from Kentucky, and other Union-saving friends, Executive, of our provincial dependencies, and from delivery of fugitivea from Justice, who shall fleetheir usurpation of the rights of American citlsens,flint -g-Vrl ibr Thqr are toSMa :,and the President, and are not derived fromyouate portion of the people, even in theGaVStafaa,' are opposed to tliis cardinal featnre of yaar^oiiqr-They believe, as we do, tltat we liaTe.,negioee7States, yoo shall not—that is the word I choose touse, and 1 represent a (eeliug of determioatlon of thepeople 1 represent—I say you shall not permit men togo iheie to excite our citizena by making Jotm Brown the Stale limits should be open to sale and settlement ple, whether residing in or traveUag through any our ciTiIization,~-a clog up<m the refinnmawt and' speeches, and bilaglng strychnine within the limits of in distrlcu sultBble la dz* and feral to make Btatsi, State the fuU benefit of that part of the Constitationthe SUie 1 represent. You shall not pubttah newspv and that wbeaeversuch districtmayooatain a which lecurea them agahsst uareasonakle aearcheaChriatlan cutture af the commtmity into wUdk they ate tluiutP era andto excite the slavas to lasarrectlon.anyp,:ipuUtlon equal to the ratio of repnaentatian, andpamphletsyou shall not publish newspapers and pamphlets to excite the non- slaveholder the slaveholder.aadIn the absence oftheir just powers from the consent of or the Congress,nities of the citizens of tbe several States ;" and also wbat leglstation is necessary to seeare to aU tbe peo-—whether slave or free, they are a draw-back apoaWlU of the President; that the tanda ool^e of pabUecause.Mr. SBZBBtAB, of Olilo, (B^,) latrodocod rewdo- We will have peace, and if you doa*t offer It to us, be entitled to admlasloa Into the Confisderacy fhai aa ttoaadeclarlBB that tba eohrtma aad edbotaal reme-their fear*, Imve tlt n, and when you laugh at these impotent effort^, as and they support tbelr own govemmenu and defray and tbe people tbereof, of all the compro- been practiced upon by way ofpreparationfor the.TheI'resiaentsaidtheSergeant-at-Armswill cleargovernedMr. Hale sailM'. President, that threat wasthat there should be no Congressional legislation Whatever upon the subject ol Slavery ; that every Congressional District should also be an Electoral District, and be entitled every four years to choose one Presidential elector, and each State should be entitled to choose two Presidentialelectors on general ticket.Mr. JoHM CooaEABi, of New-Y'ork, (Dem.,) submit-ted the followingWherrat, A conflict of opinion dangerous to the peaceand permanence of the Union haa^rUen, coDreroing theobligations imposed by—the fundamental basis on which it sliall rest. Ab-two or three times lime to carry it out."yesterday.is theremedy thereof,and whetheranyfurther ;toorganizedeterminaoi.e,OiLer was restored.solute free trade in " negroes from Africa a* in mules from Malta," will be the comat atone of thisnewtemple. EachStatewillbepoimlttedto:oftreaty sovereignStatesMr. W.sFALL.'ald.lf the exhibition of feeling lu thegalleries f'Ccuis again, tie galleries shall be cleared, and once being cleared we will proceed. I trust the;theypredpitat-by Congress, and that the expansion of their limits should be possible only by their annexation bythe Senate and Honse ofRepresentativeseiu.er up.m that island or the Cuntinent, that does notbend the knee in fear, and acknowledge allegiance totliat power. Five millions of people in Great Britain within the limits of any of the existing States, Slavery certain aod full enforcement of the guarantees of thedouble conspiracy, against theletter will appear in print in a few days, and willtake strtaig ground for the maintenance of the ConsU-tBtl<a as it is. Baron Siozcxi., Baron WmsastAST,Mr. Bunnii, Taa Oolubihk and several other We may pledge the lands specifically for it. 1 look aiid air England will starve. Tney will not when admitted as a State, shaU be received into Mr. NoiLL, of Missouri, (Dem.,) intrednced resolu- dation of the Cotton States, can yon-snppo*supon hu!-biindthey but exhaust cotton for one weak,Clime, tion is necessary for that purpcse^. that the said Territory, or any portion of the i»meestablish anindependentConfederation or consoli-for*cotton. You make grain, and mayand involuniaiy servitade. except iu punishn.eot of orwhetheran amendment of the Constitu- shall be aid ia hereby prohibited. Provided Constitution,;thirty-sixwere present to-day in the Senate upon this the same as if an Individual wishes to t>or- burtt open bams, but will bum whole houses. the Union, nith or without SUvery, as its Cun- tions instructing the Special Committee to take into moment that you would be permitted by tiie ciril-teaign Diplomats We can have a direct ti'ade of two hundred an 1 fifty Etltution may prescribe at the time of its admis-degrees thirty minutes, and not included;tier Slave States, maypartialam mlltit.LB to our own ports, instead of Boston, Pnlladel- sion. That in all territory of tbe United States consideration the propriety and necessity of abollsb- ixed nations of the worid to reopen the African in favor of reducing the denomination, if desirable. iihia and New-York, If we go out of the Union. Our lying south of thirtv -six degrees thirty minutes, not in- ing.by amendment to tbe Constitution the office of Slave-trade and efiacc the brand which all CSuiat-one hundred utiliion dollars;lava prohibiting or impairing very.partfewthe strengtli|of Government^ 1 tell you it's the almighty shall pass no law prthibitlng or iaterferlng with the tra le the President and if such plan be deemed prac- ita extinction. Do you expect tliem to abrogate theaea;;dollar. When[Laugh-are tu.-ncd when youroperatives out,their unitedtreaties at the demand of your Southern Conftdeia- cy 1 Do you expect them to relax their vigflancef. tl.ers;such aod triiusit sh«ll not sojourntreaty treatycr itEpugned by Buyth.ng conta nej in the lawsorcon-may hereafter exist, and express thedenial of thesbip system that itthe de^em.e of domestic to the tranquillity. They agreedwife du-tribuiion of the Govcriiment, Tney veate-l iq the Stuie Governments powers necessary to pro- tect toe libe'ty ai.u well being of the citizens. All States that are republican, democratic, monarchial, arIsl(K.ri.T.c,Mr.resolutions declaratoryfor the ties, not for the building upnon-siaveholdiOK, agricul- viz.: at ttic end of the tural, ccinmercial. or manufacturing, can all Uve un-that the emigrationlaw escaping into any other State or Territory of the United States, snail, in consequence of any law orpartySenate, and particularlyCuba into Southern Union. Are these : yourllituiionof anyPlate or Ter but all such State itory,mayBat you must remember that theseof non Intervention as the true that all State laws in conflict with the Con- stitution and laws of Congress ought to be repealed ; that the Fugitive Slave law and all other laws of the and and no obstacle;through the Free Statesand that..i;:land ouSht to be respectedthrown in the way of their executionthat the Con- stitution compromise, and can only be preserved by the exercise of a simi-termofand be years paidtheof amendment to ascertain more certainly the actualthat compels them to separataand furthertoGeow,Pennsylvania, (Rep..) opposedadvancing to supremacySpecialother thirgs, If any measure can be adoptedwould be reported with the same provision! sf last session, prohibiting Slavery.as thoseingsome remarks thereon.Mr. RcmB, of North Carolina, (Dem..). cal„led ^hi^mrecommendin that event which in by;,thanhave any power or joiiadletlon whatever over suchDistrict, itbe the doty of Coagreas to protect that no Terri-subjectslaves, while sojourning in, or mStata or Territory of the United States, shaU be guar-t>that all suchaa fugitives osaybe lostanthorhies,paUl for by sueh State.Virginia, (Dem.,) subndttad the fol-aeceeeion ofthat movement is;-,' -^ -to anrrenderHnraaa, Virginia. (Den,) kiquire bito the expedieaey of «o the Feisonal liberty bills, nor the praetiealfugitive alavea, nor theFogitire Stave Uw aa best to preaaota the rendltioa of Southern slavehcSdMa to take their -»— j*-That tt*.4peelal CoauBlttae ha Inatraetad to amendingiself-preaervatioB, on the of ttie partthe fact does not of itself indicate anthat the same for Ita own security, that its coneurrent voice,tothatalavea ought to beofsiaveholding and non-slBveholdlng States necessaryexpediencyand of giving proper compensation to omiers of thosethe N orthern States to deliver up fugitives from justice,Carolina, flwwfim^therefore,reistabiishmeot of comity between the States, be re-',from one Stata and be foimd in anotlier, on the de-not desired, and tliat her advice wUl boCWmwhsiBcdhand i estructive of tbe rlghta of our own citizens ; that stave insurrections, or who maybe Indicted for slave- jou deprecate a discussion of tiie SDhjaef, Partbe kxeeutive ahuatvhoerity of the Stata from such fugitive shall fled, and that sueh in- quiry be made with a special view to punish all JudgM, AttomeyaCencral, Executives, or other Stata officers, who shall Impede the execution of said dause in the Constitation, either in respert to tbe delivery of fsloas who may be indicted for treason or murder la attemptedtelBereaprobableliiis subject, therefore, is to ba Itapt «rA of aight until disunion sbsll have bean arrampWatoiTthat tbe Spectai Committee of Thirty-three be instructed to Inquire whether any State or tbe people thereol have failed to obey andthe Constitution,and also whether It islish a special Federal Police, for the purpose ofexpeiienting the laws of tbe United States,and promptly suppress-or otherwise,icK any unlawful resistance theretomeet with at least aand temporary success. But even if you ahooldthis House such details thereof as may be necessaryregulation IcereiD, be dis-harKed from such ser- means necessary, if any can be devised, tovice cr labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the equilibrium between the Free and Slave States In the and Central America,to add control of the Ca-also to express an agreement to protect ;resorted to onlythe principle has been insisted on by both nations,StatesSlavery wherever the Federal jurisdiction extends and guarantee the protection of slaves while passingTbe above propositions were severally read aad re- ferred to the ilnion Committee.Mr. BoRBAid, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) said he had received notice lo attend a meeting of the Committee on MiUtary Affairs on Friday. As he didn't expect toaa a member thereof, inhe should always cherish aperfectat once be filled.not adopt this course owing to any dissatisfactionorder that the vacancy mayticee—slaves forlife,—who shall be property, noiconsent or stipulation ofand courteousrights men wUl be bound to respect,-withto estab-execut-Union and tbe frai-" conaunmiBtionatwhichyoaaim, thewi^ttlSfheeded, in the movement of aeceadoa. Ad- —States would set their faces like aopening the African Slave trade.no voice, therefore, in tbe deciaicm (rf AefBCBlte it is only after tbe Bevolution shall luve bean ac-complishedtheypeonitted Kven in Soothjeiayournewthat whatever may be tbeir relations to sodety^—are to be edintorevolution. OnceoutoftlieDniaii,their destinieswillbeinthehandsoftheboldestandthe The GulfStates are firsttrade in whatever itgroes or nutmegs,Frontier States will be offered this altemstrve, cither to join the new Confederacy upon these terms,—to join the North, with the certainty of being compelled to emancipate their alavea, or to stand between the two, and receive the blows and the buffetings of both.It is no means Impossible that this ingenkau, bybe.piracy, and have pledgedBtrongfllfcrByscheme is to extend your conquestain enforcing themkind,-who sliaU have:—lec taaiKle Mit gn^-.what ind jcemenu wouldsupplycl rival State*,which white whom no bar- and whose children and chiWien'enow exUts among you, eleiuentatinuance. Vou must be strangely msenaiMo t».tTii^nia i:^^:ie^emMm^^^^S^^^^^^;S^MS^^i?^!^^-^l^i^.=~=..afesr--.i:.ft--as>g',-g>-. ::a-:j:;>^-'--*--- :^^^^^^i^ mm»^„,J^ 