 J A M I I U U R D O M I B R I R T T , AND PHOPHIrTOR.which.it will bo Urn work of Providence in- of servitude, and that contiguity with them de- is manifested in the prevention And detection following s0»Tt' t K W. COOXKK Or rUI/TOl* AMB VASSAL' 8TS.Tl.liMK, auA i* Mm,*y m-m* hj mitil wPt be at ike counselled mild, ouiet. frateraajjflh-y ranee, andmore than probable that at no Tory distant dayArrived, Sth,shlp S ^ n * * * I B W ^ T * * ? 'and arrest the perpetrator than all the police 'rem ransom; 7th, ship Fair Wind from Hew Turk; husk "%A ••/ l i - • • I ' , . m»( In•'<* enrrtnt InMie t"»rk TUB BAH T >fK«ALB, t**e+nU »»«• K m , g f p*f «#mwi.bishop Hughes and the Catholic clergy gene-l.redkted that aa t>e aece.^togjjEBbg had beengrowing weaker ever since the^Pi of Novemberlot,M>within8ix;ydaysmorethewhole troublewill hire paused away. We will publish a report fW.'•*»** h-Atio- amIk* W, I1A, «wwflt»t«^ ««ii n»C»liA, Ht»iX to-morrow.> .Wthetetaa, from ft* e> J s a * * * aaiUd,*.,aarkCaraemu, for ;sth,aktoMaRowland, oa a wBalbmttaiss. :>-...: There is little er nothing dotag to imports, trade a dull with the country, sad npinterna tm other accounts77/r H'/V. A i t ' U*JiALD,*v€ri8ut*tlt)t,rt *lt «***. «»r <-"•-./ •< *»)•""*»*'*"'•'•** KMrwj-W"*>'•**"«e<wr|fIT««iiB«<«i*Jfc „' ,i r ..'. t~, »pf* ** J"" «»»•«*>*«'•• partftftSrmt Hrit-fin, ,., %.': m <*»v I" "-/ '** CWi*/*#, tmtk lit inttmek f^tagt, the.proximating to the liberal Southern view that Again, we hare a uniformed and disciplined of the Catholic faith in the SonOiera Staftes ask- slavery is a humane and beneficent institution military power here, comprising seven thousand,. ,:• uer furnm, o r S I Utpermemmm.ftfm rAMtLV arHALt>,9» W«dWa»y, mf Atmr emt* perf i > * vrBtptr iwrtwm.I ;l LJtTAMt (XtKMMSrOjrDMKeK, rammtmima tmpofmmut«nee of aaaot >ic. per tt>. We now quote average lots of i,>».4Pie I«*» /«•• «lP«>ini F*0>*KF* CW«Mf««MDmi ACS m.ddlinf upland*at Uc., wUeh is near about the highestfor the negro, and that as a rule the very worst gift that can be offered to him is his freedom.men, who are ready at any moment to tan eat, arn:< d cap-a-pie, and shoot down the rioters inWT,w 1».. . «.»,«*»/ from «»v f««r«w «/ BV BwrW; i>' »*•«, w«k*Atlanticside.he stieeta at the first approach of mob vio- may, tt being surmised that mumrtara watt*dmiISrTiruLAia* K l W H I U fO SSAl ALA LrrtKB* ABB PiC*-So MtTH K imkemaf mmemjemmm eomxpamitmet. Widow* *rij.-n rt/ftrd On.mmmmmfUm*.Al>ytJtflSMMMMT8 tememed tnrrm A i * . mdt*rti»rmt*l*in- ten.J in At W l I A l V f i c a A U t , rJUIULT HCBAU), « * d I* l i triot or 1urning down of buildings, aad this factyd B eMUmiKfVolume XXVtmetxtrt «riw> Mafawaa, efcwfMM* ana «fc-..V*. 337York for the holiday season. No arrangements be under the command of their officers, aadhave yet been made for the appearance of this they would make short work of the rioters. No, mors, those holding back being thetroupe in the metropolis, although it is under- we will have no mobs nor burnings in New do not want mousy. The coarse of the market wan stood that the directors of the Academy are York. While we have aa active daily press, greatly depend upon futureABTSKBKBTS TOMORROW EVE*ISO.MBLu o uA&DBK, Broadway —RICBABD IILWINTER OAXDKX, Rroadway. oppeaMe Bond street.— KIP V»Wfuui-Misancb l i l t .are wanted to carry cargoes alreadyThe Ocean Express gees to Baker's Island for fifteen semes per ten. The Mar Want has £810a.this laudable desire will *be satisfied unless thedirectors offer to the artiste better terms thanthey have yet tendered to any manager or asso-ciation of managers. The New York publicdemands first class artists, a grand orchestra,full choruses and proper theatrical accessories. THIS CnisTs.—bf all men in Congress SenatorUnless this demand is complied with he public Seward is most conspicuously identified with much of its interest here, since each new account from lets the Opera alone. More than all this, the "irrepressible conflict" between the North that quarter seesas hut a modification of the first.William H. Weeks has been chosen by the republicanBOWBRV THEA TRE, Bowwy.—Hr*L»ura * E«it;i TMAjr T:u>vrx—XoKszut or St. MUWAII.BOOER'Jpassions of a mere* mob.HON. W. H. SEWARB ANB HIS Posmox nrWALLACE'S THEATRE, E»o*lw»f -fATf HXX or m OLSM ~~I.AfRA KEEXX8 nOUTEE. K% NEW BOWERT THEA TRE. Bowery.KuvauLUt't Dwumum—WuiRugiu HALL.BARNCH'd AMERICAN KTJSETJM, lro»<Jwf.—Doy And •a—« M i or IfK—AXTXC CMILOIUUI—L;VI«UCvKiositiis, ACThe pony express, with St. Louis data* to the Mia u*., arrived here oa the 7th Inst.BRTA NTS'» » / . — aiFBUBMOBA, HWIOl, 0AXCSA, * * . — RWMAAD I I IH00LET a CAMPBELLS MINSTREL*. NAIO'oBsloaa, Br »,inA».—FTmiOTUJI BOTOA, Di»CKi, BOSUHOUa, * & — l>ix:tL«' L i S B .CANTrRBfRT MCSIC HALL, 663 BrmAwmj.Sosim, B*M;tS, HotUMVH, Ac.MEUXDEON, No. 5M BriWMiroy.--8owoi, DAKOBS, BOB. LK«ttn, A c\< vr Tovk, Soodaiy, Diffmbtr 43, 1*30.The NOur rc»«rU from the Sooth are of aa importantcisive consequences of Mr. Lincoln's election against this vital Southern institution of slav-MIKSTREIJ',MeehAOWs'HAII. 47*vionisu in less than twenty-four hoars. This intel- ligence wt~ immediately communicated t» thePresident. A Cabinet council wasforthwith, aad several Southern Senators tankfrom whom they have been receiving their spiritual food, and who have derived their support from annual contributions out of theirj crisis of political and commercial affairs, the vilege of appeal to the Court of Errors aad Ap- they have the right of entrte free. It is well Weed. By what the younger Wetter would eatithe work of the populace; neither does there appear at present any desire on the part of the aathorities at Sooth Carolina todemand the surrender of the forts. Messrs. Barn-well, Adams and Orr, the Couunissioners appoint-" Christ and Him crucified,'' have been, step bystep, inflaming the public mind of the NorthIrving place as to the course which they shall considers this curious coincidence an en-armed with bayoneted rifles and eleven rounds adopt, we do not intend that the position of theof ball cartridge to each man. These proceed- artists shall be misrepresented. They have so ings show a determination to uphold the ma-iHIpcrtance. The accounts of the secession move-spiritual advisers of the people still maintained meats hi the South excited but comparatively lit- in all their teachings that the strict allegiancecircles by the announcement that Mayor Woodhad once more taken unto himself a wife. Theannouncement, so often before made by sensation eastern and western division, the bishops andF i r e n t Z a n e s v l l l e . i a h l o . ZAxaevnan, Dec. 32, ISfiCaclergy within the territory of each government this time a fixed met. The ceremony was duly sustained their respective rulers, holding thaiparagraphista without the slightest foundation, iaNowAS*,.K. J., Dee. 32, Ids*A portion 08 the New Jersey Saw Works to ttjaeHyperformed by the Bev. Dr. Spring, at the real* dence of the bride's father, No. 23 Fifth avenue. The fortunate lady is Miss Alice Fanner, daughter of Mr. Drake Mills. The bridal party was small and select, and immediately after the ceremony the couple took their departure for Philadelphia.In the Cenrt of Oyer and Terminer yesterday Alfred Ifnohaaan, who h>under indictment for the •murder of Mrs. Sarah Shancka, at No. » Twelfth street, was arraigned, and pleaded not guilty to the charge.The iinnmshir Vigo Bailed from this port yester- day for UwtfBoal with njety-atx passeagera, aad th« New Xpfc sailed for Bt-tMft with fifty-fourTher B. Homy, charging them with complicity in theBooaeCesmtf (radians) Banc frands, was with- n f t t s T H Jsssk ftssUsu BLSBBBBW ^•s^nshminnsV masMf) 'OsVtA^o ana-AH^a. \» amsn ssnaably dlschm-gsd, Acre bring no grMeaee to BBR- tam the assjsajamsiH.The Mow smsjiasm Society of this city cele- bratediuiBfry-saU anniversary b y e banquet at the AatqgJkens bmtspeechesthetheday. Atalateperiodoftherveniag. the Vie* Prism ia* asset of the Carted States, Hen, BaemTiiTWsmirln, wan mteodnead,human life was too sacred to be tampered within preaching rebellion, and that disloyalty, even murder, piracy or arson, though the crime wasm jrtssamu Dec. tffc Flour firm: sales 2,600 bsga. superfine at gag Wheat advanced 3c.: satakVM*9 bushels at $IBe cotton market wai frmer yesterday. The stockbesnf reduced prices were higher , and closed at aa ad-» . ^^•»^Bu^smmm»» ^^J^Bm$J^r3^^ *T^mi mHp T ' I fflff'-J JJL,figure of the season, the lowest noiat it reaehsd, ex- cept tor forced €«•• aatai, was t||e.for middling auhnds, which shows that aha teeovtry has reached I'fc. per lb c.requa»to$4««aerbi»e. There are probaM/ahout S.0»,y00 mlm ia the Southera States unsold, the above advance on which would be about $16,815,000 la value. This advance sheet counterbalance the whole depression produced by the panic. The flour market was firmer, audcU aedatanadviuioeofSc. a IB.* . and ia some asmGChaslSc., induced mainly by the favorableis very well known. Wiihin an hour after thehgrowmcBtrmgeut,nudhmmav«*eawesmM M. •». ceiptsoTwhtarisen aad Isfee was steady, but quiet. Freights exhibited buoyancy, while engagements were to a fair extentby the Holy Scriptures, and exemplified by the acts of Christ and the Apostles. Let them meet the inhabitants of the South in that con-the public finds that there is a privileged and the South on this troublesome subject ofclass in the Academy audience, that the stock- slavery. Of all the republican stump orators California.holders take all the front seats in the house and of the late Presidential campaign, Mr. Seward The bark Early Bird brings dates from Hong Kong to nearly all the proscenium boxes. We do not most offensively to the South depicted the de- the i s m ot October. The ship Fleet Wing was to sailNEW YOISK HERALD, SUNDA Y, DBCKMBWt 23, 1860^thing (hat t" going Ov% anticipating danger and NEW YORK HERALD. But at near midnight a atilt m re distinguished uuides, finally brought their fruita in driving Canadians begin to see that the increase of warding it off. Koris „<« only by the test ofhonor done him, but avoided all a!lai>ioa to potitica. srondirg on of the people by their epiritwlguest madahtaBppearaaee—-00lew than Senator Seward, who had Juat arrired oa am way from Anbure to Waabingten. He made a apeecb. wb'ch occupied three-fuartera of an horn ia delivery, and in » hich he diecuaaad, in a styw half amusing and half serious, the question ot mtjjfnirioa. liepast years we canjadge ©VJ&«efficiency of thefrom Earopt. Wheat was heU at an advance of 3c. a 5c.per BBuBSti which eheclwd sales for expert. Corn wafffirmer but less active, with rales of Western mixed at66c. a age., in store and afloat. The enhanced view3 ofholders tended to check operations. Pork was heavyand nominal, at BM fa for old and $16 for new mess; oldprim*at110»,andnewdo.atfll75a$12. Sugarswere firm, and the whole advance on the week's sales hasbeen fully >«e. a %e. per lb. The sales yesterday reach-ed 600 a 700 hhds. Cuba, chiefly for refining, at futtprices, and 7,000 bags wore sold on private terms. Cof- towards our Southern brethren the spirit taughtand a faithful militia, made up of respectableT h e S e n s a t i o n P r e a c h e r s o f t h e X o r t h ciliatory spirit that follows the teachings ofopinion of the judges in the celebrated case combination of thirty-three prosperous State- of the slave Anderson, whose extradition fromshe will no longer be considered a member ofunquestionably is of the imminent dangers ofdissolution, yet Mr. Seward, like Mr. Lincoln,opens not his month, and has ceased his badly istoreo, of the Sure rente train from Mewwould be nothing without it, and the our model republic to a dissolution aid to the their black population is a very serious evil,Tk. -verge of civil war, if we aro extiiaa*«4 feamV TOat the negroes are much better off in a state -press in am regard. At the present moment It bat owing to C-srbaVatia. * ^^ teWrajh Unssiaedeeds,.There la a striking contrast botweensl* courseof Deecher and Cheever and that #f Arch-moralizes and debases the poor whites. It is of crime. If a murder or a robbery is commit- day.has received numerous let ere fron :n# p v-^*true Christianity, and the dark clouds may yet be scattered, and sunshine, joy and happiness be seen upon the countenances of thousands of discharged workmen in the North, as well as all lovers of the Union from one end of the coun- try to the other.• nd Our National Crisis. Tbeevente of the past week have forced upon us the realization of the long threatened dissolution of the Union—the dismemberment of this confederacy of States—the union and pros- perity of which have made us one of the first na- tions of the habitable world. It is a befitting timeuponthis,thefirstSabbathmorning after one of the original thirteen State* that formed the nucleus or small beginning from which we had grown in less than a century to a powerfulture. Our friends across the river have given has repudiated the compact and declared that Canada is demanded by the United States au- the Academy people a good lesson. When thefrom Bong Kong for Boston October IS. The ship Star King sailed the same day for Manila, to load fur l e w York with sugar at go per ton.thorities under the Ashburton treaty. The finalthat family of Slates, foT our business men to judgment in this case was rendered by Sir J. B. was intended that subscribers holding five hun-and alarming character. Senator* Davis and Wig-^lfall ftsvurday received telegraphic despatches pause before grossing the door sills of those Robinson, Bart., Chief Justice of the Court of dred dollars worth of stock should have the correspondence on public affairs. It appears, last night. Ihe accident occurred near Klngstnu, &. I.,from Charleston Mating that the farts in the har* buildings consecrated to divine worship, and )>or of that city wonld he captured by the aece*- consider how much those reverend gentlemen15. The learned Chief Justice and Mr. Justice of Directors, seeing how disastrously this entered the city of Albany, and that he re-Burns, a majority of the court, decided that the arrangement worked in other cities, have re- mained there till Monday noon, "doubtlesscase of Anderson comes within the provisions cently rescinded the rule, and now the Brooklyn affording ample opportunity for consultationmotive.C a w n t e r r e l t e o n t h e M i S u h a n l a S t . L o u i s .r r m s r a c , Dec. S2,1980. lore* Natimul BmJc Katt Mtpmter cautions theagainst new counterfeit even on the MerchantsSL Ijonia, having a vignette of negroes rolling ain the lower right corner, and a girt* head toljgfrs)!*-'left comer. The genuine Svea have the satu_the upper left corner, an* « boys portrait on the right end. The plate is altered from counterfeit'.tt-•I of the treaty, and that he must be sent back. profits, hare contributed to bring ns to this I The counsel for the prisoner asked for the pri-stockholders are placed on the same footing nsthe general public, with the sole exception that the senior editor of the Journal," Thurlowpart ia the deliberations. What deterBUMttsm want and suffering in our midst, and the train peals. Pending the decision of the Court as to to notice, in this connection, that the heaviest was reached is, of course, Mot positively kaiws)| of evils that most of nature follow in the wake whether or not the case was a proper one for shareholders, Messrs. Lowe, Chittenden and"a werry singular coincidence" in this connec- hut it waa eoasddcred as ssgbjhy pfBsnfble of a permanent breaking up of this confede- appeal, the prisoner was remanded till Satur- tion, the Albany Journal of Monday reproducedthat a suet >would be despatched to racy.Pierrcpont, who represent five thousand dollars its propositions of compromise, Including aday, 22d instant. The colored population of of stock each, were the most strenuous oppo- choice between popular sovereignty in the Ter- same back reeenUy issued.No class of men have done more tored from sources enurtled to the force the ship of State into the perilous gard to this case, and the authorities made every|out delay. Although this in-Toronto was naturally much excited in re-nents of the privileged seat proposition.in danger of being dashed to pieces the prisoner. A large body of regular troopsyesterday, amounts to tSS^ats, being but a alight over the corresponding week of hut year.The north Briton Outward FoRiuuav, He., Due.The steamship North Briton sailed at three o'clock thin afternoon for Liverpool, taking out a full freight and twenty-one;R e u t u e h y WeWAsmxetuu, Dec. 0 ,as Garibaldi and Victor Emanuel have disposed to act upon the compromise proposi- Supreme Court to-day.Mr. Monroe having read the petition and exhibits, and having moved tne court for a writ ot irale to show cause, pursuant to the terms ofto the subject of the capture of at any moment, than the Northern anti-slavery 7were marched to within five minutes walk oftatives of the general public, and that while'we sels of Mr. Seward, and the Albany Atlas- itly scout the imputation that ministers who, under the garb of preaching the place where the court sat. The police were do not purpose to dictate to the magnates of Argus, upon the faith of this interpretation,against the institutions of the South, and thoselaws that have been enacted by our national jesty of the law, which might be imitated far managed their affairs in a faithful, business- from Washington to Albany al this inclementlegislature for the protection of the rights of the citizens of the Southern half of our repub-with profit upon this side of the border. We have already alluded to the facts in thisin-like manner. The press in other cities compli- season to employ his friend Thurlow Weed as ments them upon their fidelity to the public, a feeler of the republican pulse of New York,ed to visit Washington, are expected to arrive inthat city on Tuesday next The principal object lic. Instead of following the example set mem teresting case, and rite them again in order aa well as upon the general excellence of when a speech from our cautious, Senator, fromby Jesus Christ and the founders of the church, that our readers may fully understand its their representations. They have proved his place in the Senate, would a thousand timesof their mission is said to be to treat with the fede- or the teachings of that book which they pre- merits. The slave Anderson was owned by that Italian artiste can hold together, just better answer the purpose! If Mr. Seward is Governor of the Stole of Ohio, was taken up in theial government for a surrender of the forts.Midi of the right j Congress to abolish slavery n the District of Columbia, an acknowledg- ment of the right of transit of slaves through nun siaveholding States, and payment for fugi-tend to follow, they have, whilst clothed in their ministerial robes, and with an air of sanc- tity, put a new interpretation upon the Scrip-one Moses Burton, of Howard county, Missouri. In September, 1853, Burton sold Anderson to a man named McDonald, who lived some thirty ntiles away. By this operation Anderson wss separated from his wife, and he resolved to runtions put forth through the Albany Journal, letThe Senate Committee of Thirteen met yester-day, aad resumed the >.'moderation of Mr. Critten-deu's propositions for an adjustment of the dispute tures. and taught their followers that an observ- between the North ind the South. These propo-sitions include a revival of the Missouri compro-mise line, a denial of the right of Congress to.abolish slavery hi the dockyards and arsenals, ashown that it is not 'impossible forItalian politicians and soldiers to unite theirforces in the accomplishment of a great pur- the Senate, taking back his •irrepressible tion, tt was ordered that the motion he satpose. The fact that the leading artists receive a heinous sin, and that the requirements of the away, hoping that she would be able to join no pay until all other demands have been satis-1conffiet,'. and advancing half way to sheargument on the 11th of January, and it was fartherance of those laws which recognise slavery isordered that the Clerk of the Court forthwith send a cosy South with his olive branch of peace. of this order, and of the petHion and exhibits filed thereSuSehte at Manrhr«t*r, W. H. MAxenusrxa, N. H., Dec. M,Mrs Elisabeth Fitch, and her daughter, three years o i l , were found dead to-day in bed, Mrs. F. having probahty committed suicide by prumieacid. Her husband, a lawyer in a good business, and a child, recently died, which pro- bably caused insanity, and led her to poison her remata- ing child and herself.The Fire nt adaune, K. T. AOAne,N. Y., Deo. 22,13**.As far as heard from, the leasee by the fire in this phuu* are insured as follows —Charter Oak company, of Hurt- ford, *3,5S0: JEtaa, of Hartford, gS,s*»: New Eagtaniv of Hartford, $600; Mssansott, of SpraMjfie*d,$3;0O0; Uuuy, Of New London, |2,0O0; Phoenix, of Brooklyn, $1,0S#; Phoenix, of Hartford, fl.OOO Western, of Oswego, * . « • * ; Park, of New York, S4SCO, Hartford, of Hartford. 13,000; Oommeawealth, of New York, t*\s*».Fire at Otwrfo.Oswuao, Dec 82, IgghCotzeni* block In this city was partially destroyed ny fire thin morning. It wee occupied as follows—Pool, bookstore, damaged by water $1,200, insured fur $2^00; Ford, jeweller, lens $600, insured; Osakanh, druggist, loss $1,009 to $1,64*, insured; White, daguer- reotypsat, kes $1,000, insured. Dr. Everts and Dr. Smith, and other occupants bad their property more or leas damaged, but were all insured. The ! ** on tor baUding h $3*00, and it is insured tor $8,000.F i v e mt S a r a t o g a .SAOATOUA, N. Y., Dec 12,1809.A fire broke out at seven o'clock this owning to th*Clement building, 92 Broadway, which destroyed thatand the adjoining baikimg, belonging to- Abraham Cox.The building north of the Clement building, occupied bySouthern sections of the republic, it is as wellto recollect that our difficulties, are not withoutinterest to- the leading European Powers, and was at one time to great danger.more particularly to the British government.Lord Patmerston, it is said, has more than oneagent in this country at the present ZenesvUle were destroyed by fire iasknigat. Lou $Ls jhu. time, aad it is believed that the Em-peror of the French is folly advisedas to the state of our affairs. We hear it hintedthat prominent American writers, politicuaaaand diplomats are employed to transmit toDowning street and the Tuileries accuratestatements of the exact condition of Americanaffairs. One of these agents, it is saiuV m theChevalier Wikoff, who, it is represented, hassettled ap his little difficulties with the-BritishPremier, and who has always been annd-in-glove with Louis Napoleon. It is «MBknown fiB-PsenirM^•• higher law " demanded from all believersin the Bible their violation. Our church-goingpeople who have been in the habit of sittingevery Sunday in those churches where the anti-slavery ministers hold forth have been com- to arrest any negro without a pass, and Ander- against the possible contingency of being promises to make, and that if the secessionistsson was in that case. Driven into a corner,luie adopted by the committee is, that no propo- stump speeches of partisan politicians, and to Anderson turned upon Digges and stabbed the stockholders. The proprietors of the Aca-tive slaves rescued irom officers by mobs. The pelled to listen to harangues better snited forobliged to pay for the privilege of singing towant war, they can have it to their hearts' contentWhat has Senator Seward to say? Is he ready to abandon his Rochester platform, bat afraid to come oat? Let him speak, by all means, if inclined to the compromises put for- ward by his friend Weed, for thus he may bring even " Honest Abe Lincoln" to the rescue. Or is Mr. Seward waiting for Mr. Lincoln to lead off? If so, let him wait no longer, but show by his example what Mr. Lincoln ought to do. In the meantime, until Mr. Seward shall have spoken for himself to the contrary, the country will regard him as still sticking to his Rochester platform. Mr. Weed's propositions of compro- mise are from Thurlow Weed, and- be has been brought to them from a patriotic desire to have a good and prosperous time in the While House kitchen under Mr. Lincoln's administration. Weed has been using the nigger only as a lobby agent. Seward, we dare say, rejoices in the present aspects of his -* irrepressible conflict."rtion shall be recommended that has not received him. Digges tried to run away from the negro, have their consciences stirred up with the suf-demy are men of mark and responsibility. ferings of the slave, the horrors of the capture of but stumbled and fell to the ground. While They have a direct interest in fostering all at- uembera. Under this rule all of the propositions fugitives, colored with descriptions drawn from lying there, Anderson stabbed Digges in the tempts to relieve the public mind by refining oi Mr. Crittenden were rejected. Mr. Toombs of- their own imaginations too revolting for human back, and from that wound he died. Anderson amusements, such as the Italian Opera; and itHmajority of both the republican and democratic•ered a series of resolutions embracing the princi- nature to bear. In short, nullification, rebellion ples of the Breckinridge platform. No actionwas taken on them, and the committee adjourned and treason have been the fruits of the teachingstill Monday. of these pretended expounders of the Bible. Ap- clear against him, Anderson was committed to personal influence to raise a moderate sub-pealing as they have for the last thirty years to jail upon the warrant of three magistrates ofaccredited the commission appointed to proceed the religious sentiments of the masses, is it to be Brantford, and has there remained since the theatre contingent upon the profits. They to WashiaeioB. In secret session a report re- wondered that we are now upon the verge of 28th of September last. On the 20th of Novem- might be satisfied with one-half the best seatsThe South Carolina Convention yesterday dulyscription, and by making the rent of theber the Court of Queen's Bench granted a writ the limits of South Carolina was discussed. It is sufferings of the negro at the South, or the re- of habeas corpus, and it was attempted to bespecting the property of the United States within civil war, to the horrors of which the imaginaryand boxes. If the stockholders give the ar-tists proper encouragement, we have no doubt believed that with regard to postal matters and volting barbarism of the red republicans of shown that Anderson was illegally de- that the public will sustain a short operathe customs a report will be made that the reve- France, bear no comparison. tained—first, on account of the deficiency of evi-season; otherwise the singers will be compelled to return to the provinces without appearing in New York.nue laws of the United States be adopted, and that the postal system remain undisturbed.dence that he was guilty of the murder of Their course in this respect has been contrary Digges; and, second, that if the act had beenBy the arrival of the City of Manchester, off CapeU-ce yesterday morning, we have one day's laternews from Europe. The political intelligence iau:iimportant. The sales of cotton at Liverpool of their chief duties; and in the effort of theto the teachings of Christ and the Apostles, who on all occasions instructed their followerscommitted in Canada it would have been a justifiable one, on that principle of common law that obedience to the law of the land was one which provides that a man may use all neces-MOBS IN NORTHERN CrrrEs.—A very erroneousopinion exists abroad, in the present excitedstate of the South and of the country generally,about the danger of mob violence in New Yorkand other Northern cities, and a variety of ru-mors are circulated upon that subject, which itis impossible to restrain, and very difficultsometimes to correct. For instance, we see in-some of the Southern and Western papers re- caused a breach between the Northern and«ui the 13th were ten thousand bales. The market sary force to preserve has life and liberty whendosed quiet and steady. Breadstuff-* were firm, persecutors of the Saviour to fasten upon him they are illegally put in jeopardy. The Chiefwith an advancLag tendency, while provisions some treasonable act, his prompt reply was, Justice held that the Court was bound by theaere dull. The City of Manchester has 135,000 render unto Ctesar the things whichareCaesar's, treaty to respect the law of Missouri, and thatTHE CaEVALrKR WIXOFF IN THE HARNESS AGAIN.—While we are hard at work endeavor- ing to reconcile the difference* which harein specie. and unto God the things which are God's. IfThe California overland pony express, with San we follow the progress of religion down to rrandsca dates to the 8th last., arrived at Port the rise of the Roman empire, we still find that Kearny on Friday. There is no general news of those who guided the councils and were thetle interest. Trad* continued dull. to the government under which they lived was A sensation was ceased yesterday in fashionable one of their first duties. Still later, when thethe proof was sufficient for the finding of an indictment against the prisoner. In the course of a very lucid exposition of the law and the facts, the Chief Justice declared that the Judges " must conform to what the law requires, and are not at liberty to act upon considerations of policy, or even of compassion, where a duty is prescribed." Mr. Justice Burns said that while it was the fact that the moment a slave put his foot upon Canadian soil he was free, yet " the British government never contemplated that he should also be free from the charges ofports about a great riot here and burning down of the Astor House and the Tribune office, and so forth. All this arises from the fact that an idea prevails in the country towns and villages all through the land that it is impossible to control the people of a great city like New York: that everything here is demoralized, cor- rupt and wicked; people seem to think thai be- cause our Aldermen are sunk in demoraliza- tion, every one who contributes to swell the mass on Broadway and to conduct all hinds of business is a dangerous, wicked and depraved character.Now it happens that that portion of the city where a great noise and tumult perpetually exists, as in many other cities—whore a danger of riot and disorder may be feared—is no- where; there is not in the whole city a turbu- lent neighborhood, a disturbed quarlier, whereThompson, harness maker, and McSherry, clothing, wan. asm badly injured. The loss wiU proiehly reach ten* tboosand dollars, which is mostly insured. Congress BVipolitical revolution divided the empire into anThe car shops ef the Central O!ao Railroad at WhatFire la Kcwajtkwas destroyed by fire last night, lew about $8,tjBto earthly monarch?, was sin in the sight of God.It remained for the ministers of the Gospel in the nineteenth century, and in the northern por- tion of the United States of America-—where freedom of speech, the press, religious tole- rance and the liberties of the people exceed by n thousandfold anything that history recordscommitted ia the endeavor to obtain freedom." Mr. Justice McLean dissented from these views. This case is ait Important one in many re- spects. It proves that the Canadians them- selves are not so extreme in their anti-slavery feelings as many of the radical abolitionism of New England, who hold that it is the duty of the slaves to rise and slay their masters, and that white men are bound to$128. Care quiet at «*> , aew&*c. Goft«*am 1.000 bags Rio at ll^c. n mjge. Whiskey g a i t lfchim in Canada. Anderson, while endeavoring to effect his escape, was encountered by a planter named Digges, who had a clear rightunionists is a war of subjugation. Senator Wade substantially says that he has no com-escaped to Canada, where he was recognized and apprehended in 1860. The evidence beingis their duty, as it should be their pride andprotect them, law or no law, la an doing. The one might look for an outbreak of popular pas- as having been before enjoyed by mortals since Canadian Judges might easily have evaded the sion, or mob law. There is not in the whole the foundation of the world to inculcate in question as to whether or net the case came world a more peaceful people than the solid,the nunds of their flocks the doctrine that in re- within the provisions of thetreaty on its merits, business loving people of New York; and as tois serving Heaves. - It was by agreeing that the evidence, part of which any riot breaking eat here, there is not th* to the extent aad probable consequence* of theHWukC'uq«•«•.Wife . ,.;%t h* • ^> lucid minds of our Beechers, our was contained in affidavits sworn on informa slightest danger of Ii The last riot we hadsecession movement. The Chewalier's intivaiit: a cquttintance- with the political ayatoms bejm of Europe ami America eatiammty qenlifie*for so detteate and diflctft a mission.S l a v * . f m « * . rjaj».».iswIn the ease of the fugitive slave Andaman Usesensel, ia the Court of Queen's Beach, to-day gave notice of his intention to appeal from the decision nf the Court. ChiefBrown, MBest, H OraattaBUXMEHVU deiasCanmtuela-. Mta C ai ber, of St "the facts firmly, and decided the case fturly.The decision % of course, unpalatable to many with the fundsmontridoctrh->sgfChTsstismtty, of the people of Toronto; but it was received upon the quietly. A yew or two ago we opine that there would have been a terrible row; butthere are potent signs Oat a revolutionpublic sentiment as to slavery hi going on bothand so it would be to-morrow if a sintimr event should occur. There Is far more danger of mob violence in a small country t own than in this or any ether large Northern city.»TA*»M*AW Bteapshiii Ai.gaato-.JC Jowa, KK»B*«*"welV nor and «*(*, 0 H SOMA and i t n n n v * M ' « •*<WU>.^K*NUat home and abroad. In ~ aiidww*t*oueject of a hearty greeting. He we w w , mo nave tne continual repetitions of at home and abroad. In England, the leadinghe itnaginary wrongs of t m smWf aad tit* Journal declares t * t 0 0 great l*ritiih aariiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069N?'KVMS-fSre**,?Wa.°««kurk^ r it a abortend correspondents keep their eyes, on every- meantime, at the dispefal of the government, anU win.not for keUem, Edw»*tl I**!*, BH»% fb»«--e*i*J ft ta t * be •ameifar**- until all legal atenus have Code*.tion and belief, was not sufficient to warrant the putting of the accused on his trial forwas about a theatrical quarrel, t a d a singleH^&I!company of soldiers, with guns on their shoul- murder. But they did their whole dntv, met ders and cartouch boxes filled, put thai down;lUtmr*vTcVeemBUd,J tto steerage. Total-Untitled Documentted , the daily press, with Hs vigilant wpotwiaCanada will be compelled to adopt measures and collaborateure, does mere to trace it oat Farly BM, frtm fttjk^i ash, atsssmr Parte lam,to prevent fugitive slaves from crossing herrally. We are informed that the Arehbishop frontier. The civilized world is rapidly ap- and all the government pat together.ing what they shall do In ?:#W Otfiw oomplication of affairs, and his advice has latfariablybeen conciliatory and urging obMience tothe laws of the United SUses. Such is also the THE OPERA IN NEW YORE—WHAT WILL THE lence. Our militia would soon putastopto any realiseforthereliefoftheirtenor of the pastoral letters that have been sent forth from several of the dioceeaes.Let our people look around them and sat which of the divines who now occupy pulpihi in the North aro loading their Socks i i pursuit of false gods, and immediately, and before it is too late, take such steps as will assist in mend- ing the wrongs already consummated by wor- shipping the negro instead of the God of the Bible, •the time.* are fraught with great peril,and no one knows what a day or an hour may bringforth. If our citizens would avert the a t o m that is now hovering over us, and pro- miaos to destroy our commercial prosperity, let them commence at one of the roots of the evil: reform their sensation ministers, and exerciseSTOCKHOLDEKS Do?—The associated artists, whohave been giving operatic performances hi Phi-ladelphia and Baltimore, closed their provincial first display of any riotous disposition on thecampaign last night, and will return to New part o: a mob, seven thousand armed men would at $1 6* a SI TO. The buyers lacompeting for cargoes, hut many <anxious that the house should be occupied forits legitimate purposes. It is not probable tha* citizens, whose interest it is to preserve p+jaoefied stills the old cry that the Opera could not be made to pay because of the exorbitant de- mands of the singers. Now the artists demand nothing. They simply ask to be guaranteedSenator Hale has spoken, and the to, to be served on his Excellency W S n m best that he has offered the dis- Governor of the State of Ohio.pleasure, to assist the artists, by using theirand protect life and property, there is very lit- tle danger to be apprehended from the lawlessIn January the rawThe sensation news from the Southern States has lestattempt to deny the right of the Academy pro-prietors to do what they please with their ownproperty; but we believe that we are justified ery. In tiie very outset of his tour fromin saying that unless they make some arrange- Massachusetts to Kansas he predicted thatments whereby the Opera can be given they •'Lincoln's election will be the downfall ofpractically nullify their charter. They were slavery." But he never dreamed of the up- at Woosiiag and that all hands had been murdered.The Det'lsion in the Toronto Fugitive incorporatedasanassociationfortheadvance rising of this awful Southern spectre of dis- Slave Case. ment of the musical taste of the community, union. His incredulity upon that subject was We have received full reports of the and it is their plain duty to take all possible apparently immovable, but at length he iaThe Pardon of Colonel Rudler. CstAUiJSTtnr, Dee. St, IIThe Cw.-ier t special Coapaloh from Hew Orleans say* th. t Col. Rudler was positively pardoned by the aathori- ties of Honduras.steps to carry out the intention of the Legisla-doubtless undeceived.He must be as well aware as Mr. LincolnQueen"s Bench, sitting at Toronto, December privilege of one secured seat. But the Board however, that on Saturday last Mr. Seward aad was caused by tne breaking of the axis ofBrooklyn Academy of Music was chartered itSt»vver»l cars were smashed aad the baggageritories and the Missouri compromise line. It We desire to have it distinctly understood Is supposed, in a word, that Mr. Weed in theseTate Great Western Railway.T owmo.Der .z2,l*ef.ttion, yet the latest Charleston waters where it Is now to be found, preparation to put down any attempt to rescue that we appear in this matter as the represen- propositions has spoken according to the coun- Toe great Western Bailway trajte fur th* iwith his life-long aad sagacious friend,couraging sign in behalf of the Union.But why should Mr. Seward go all the wayhim come out in a good stiff Union speech invThere Is scarcely aa Bern of abroad.that Palmerston sent Wikoff over to. Paris justafter the revolution of 1848, and it is not im-probable that the Chevalier ia here* now upon asimilar mission, aad that he is etrnleyed by theFrench and English Cabinets to mflarm them as- Murpby. A AadrMST aad-fjfl^BShA^BSSX-*Crao OLetfirv*a,raBubira.A ^ T L ^ V rtsei. JhwUrur-MrJ1. X Vatkj Maaa BOak; o Bwtow. o* Schneider, Stark; W H1B£tf8WS»ftOneoftaemoatpowerfulagenciesia JuEttoeRobinsonsaidthatthereuja*noruleuponwhichping the peace in this metropolis Inthe daily press. It in always oa the chose to eutertam the matter the Court of Queen's Benchaatt vivt, ever on the watch; its reporters would offer an eppoaition. The pruoaer remains, in thean appeal could be claimed, but IT the Court of Appeals-•- ^•tol«^ »M»jiffifdrawn. Bates are sustained by the IniisnM of meton offered to London throughout. WIS probably become easier.electors to go to Washington with the electoral vote ofThe ship Ann saued from Amor for New York Octo- ber oIt was reported toot an American bark bad goneRailroad Accident.Boeros, Dec. 32, Is* •The matter of the Common wealth of Kentucky, by I Oevernor aad emcutlve aatharlty shereof, against th*8 Va-A* "'Arrlvala swa« Deautrti4JUUVAL8.8Br-J-r'»--0iammr-v.twoihtiereajho an, IM'-GHrick, J Van E|», WmJ S Wall, _Joaea, Men Same Taajdjia. BBM A M I Wae. B Stmere,MmMQoutd,retarHuearu,Pntaarphy-NoaroLA, he. Wiamablp Roea»k*~H TWftefceB and wife. Bosace Bnekltn, Weal Davia, E O r«soaa. TUt* Hauler, DFoMea,TboaBoana, t h www.fultonhistory.com 