 i;LP'I <!,4scarce and scientific ingenuity liberates the sul- the subject. Here, or.tside of Wall street, the gen- We of the Central States consider ourselves ener- the department o f chemistry, mineralogy, and geology.IH IttoilllHUlftoavoidg|spmiifiran:eof* •rdKtr'enfoiyrare. Mone .mem mwstrteftmt'amrIpMialto the spring of 1857 the great States of theand yet the staple products of Iowa are com, beef •hare of the best class of immigrants it has. deceived net nearly enough for themselves. The Racine submit their report upon the actual state o f discipline, bridges and in the restoration of those interesting ratios•adpork.Onetoalmosttemptedtowonderwhere andMississippi,andthehalffinishedRockfordandInstruction,polke,administration,fiscalagainandotheroftheRevolutionFortClintonsadBattery,Kncxhasmouthscanbofoundtoconsumesomuchfood.Thewithinthepasttenyears,thetactwillFAemnot* Kenosha,cannotevendoaswellastheroadslead- concernsofthe institution. ---'ed the greatest pleasure andgratlamttos to the little curious. , and in this connection the Board amswafto as-cornistooshortasyettomakeanimpoatogap- WltCOWINLAWSAKPWJSOOHMJt'A>C*TS. ingtoMilwaukee;nosensiblefarmerwantsto OnthesaydesignatedCarthecommencementofthe tberecentextensionofthecoarseofstudyuponMeriawestenjoyedthehighestdegreeofprosperi- average.State courts, must not be overioofrpnd. Wisconsinreaaxed by the sale of large crops at high prices, aof railway were buSt and equipped. Banks, stores,at all possible; to this region quinine is a leadingesaie; Chicago complained naively that the onlyobstacle to her continental predominance was be-ing a trite too near New York. With wealth, realof 1868 BO much rain fell in Southern Illinoisthatthecornwasactuallyplantedtomud,and endorsingthesemortgages,gavethemcurrency, ernroadswillhardlyrevivebeforenextspring; oftheregulationscontainedinordersemanatingfromtheerpansionca• never bo lasting. Providence re- There is, however, at least one road too many run- elevation aad with a clearer view, Still this singleness j.m»NTn*K-vr or ctnamthat much of it will not produce anything but ningeastandwest between the thirty-eighth aud Streets, squares, blocks of buildings containing of view, and partiality of all eminent professors in their It has been proposed by many gentlemen of experiencelabor is needed t o produce bota corn and wheat city teems with opulent bankrupts.through their entire military life, they can be made very bat tbe Board could not fail t o observe that t h e which had proved s o inefficient s t artillery drillwhich, b y and by, when wood becomes moreNorthwest is the surprising energy o f the people. the necessity of largely increased means of instruction i sand tbe usual sum of one thousand dollars per annum will be sufficient to keep up the supply.In suggesting aa increase in the number of horses, i t i s proper to state the object in view.All who know the conformation and characteristics of theanimal,knowthatexcellenceboth:ndraughtandun- der tbe saddle is nearly im|mSMble.r--*- — r - — V f" ff! * ^ —er thiii cw*egTic*»ural resources and bvJldingthei atuinnmUssf-devotetothesus-gnag«, and of furnishing t o the ssjtets «-*>, tttr v.servHwmederstothsWhicagoandNorthw leticninInscribingthoijraintaofCcatfal oiaawpaWtheWest;eidissenfitcent,w*hisfrielilty;nfviinly offered^'IWflwmkec, wHileTt f /Ihrmm S u m MOITASV Acannrr, Waer Ponrr, N. Y., Jute 16,1600. JThe best text books selected, as weD as those •rsfared by the experienced and skilrul tost,,,... French, are exoaUent, aad the Board can suggest s o provetnent but the probably Impracticable ess ofnot easy to place money safely at Chicago, eight y.ty they had ever known. The Crimean war, andseveral sacce*«ive short harvests in Europe, had South o f the fortieth parallel o f latitude the cally impossible to collect a debt. H o laws seem haven 1 much money left for travelling expenses. by the President of the Board, and proceeded to attend the performance of their duties is connection therewith. T h e•necessios i s 1864, '», « and 1—enabled prairieburnerstspayfartheirland; whileaaonelampledKansas toVirginia, afatal drought prevailed all spring.NeitherKansasnorMissouriwillyieldpmee which would be considered exorbitant inMew Vert, clergymen in Illinois and Iowa com-plained bitterly mat no one attended church butwomen—the men of every town and villagehabituallyspending*heSundayinlookingupeec- andunless some unforeseen accidentoccurs,that •Yen "orBers on"the prairie. Fortune*—on paper- reliance will prove well founded.were realtaed in land operations in a few months. motors.Acrespurchasedat$5inAprilweresoldat$10toJune, and resold at $16 in October, the transfers ' the most popular among immigrants st the presentitappearsthataWisconsinStatelawprotectsfromJfare.Promptandwisedecisionscomeonlyfrompracti- TbeBoardcannotspeakintoohightermsofthesveaVfreight this fall. Such roads are the Rock Island, generaleraofextravagantlivingandextravagantthatagriculturalsosmcetoalmostsuperfluous.Theaffairofthefarmmortgagesis,perhaps,thetheGalena,theChicagoandNorthwestern,theeffectiveinsecuringrequisitediscipline.Butpunish-equallyunserviceableforcavalryexercises.which has bees recently introduced into the Academy, and !s admirably illustrated by models.eral opinion is probably adverse to Western rail- Much o f the apparatus illustrating the various phe- getic enough; but our enterprise is timid and cal- nomena in chemical physics is worn out or wholly un- way investments: ihe lessons of the last three years culating compared to that of the West. Towns are united to the present state of those siencee. A uniform Iowahasonlylatelybeenadmittedintotherail- havebe?ntooseveretobereadilyforgotten. Itis setofchemicals forexhibition inthesectionroom,dis-built, streets laid out and paved, railroad branches play ing the types of the most important substances em- commonly said that too many roads have been planned aud constructed, handsome stores esta- braced in their course of study would be of great service built, and too many frauds committed in the build- in the instruction o f cadets. For these objects an appro-blished, public buildings erected without regard, priation , say of two thousand dollars, would be requisite. ingforthecompaniestodoaprofitablebusiness. apparently,tocost,alltothespaceofafewweeks, Withoutwishingtomakepaleontologistsofthecadets,phur, will become a leading product of the State.way system. Four railroads across the s>tate— each with a land grant—are or ought to be in pro- gress; at present, however, the only one which is moving rapidly westward Is the Mississippi audTbe former requires, among other qualities, strength and endurance; the latter, sagacity and activity. These are seldom combined. The battery of sit pieces, now used forthetj-tructiouofcadets,requiresacomplementoi forty-eight horses in harness, aad a t least twelve for thewere in consequence unable to meet their liabili-tiestoEasternimportersandjobbers;thehar-vestsofFjropeweresobountifulthattheexportMissouri,whichiscompletedtoapointtenmiles onspotswhereafewmonthsbeforetherewasGeologyshouldpossessthemeansofenablingthegraduateschiefsofpiece,section,&c.forareserveincaseofacci-heases, wheat, corn, stocks and labor. The crisis and o f the country which i t opens -.p certainlyof Eastern a n d foreign capitalist*, a n d that the creditor takes the risk of the fortunes of his en- terprising debtors. But it needs 6ome pluck even to runtodebtaatheWesternmendo.Milwaukee,dis- gracefol a« its financial record is, Is a splendid city,ger American formations; should be procured for daily use care of the government. It is upon these and similar con-Deamoines,andwillopenuptherichestpartof bringstolightsomefatalerrorstothelocationof oemmenjed at nuUsummer, 1857; it culminated at the most fertile State of the West.intberecitationroom.A large increase in the mineralogical cabinet is neces-sary, in order to place it on a level with those of other institutions.Tbe Board suggest that the geology of all parts o f thecountry should be well displayed, where i t Will instructthose who represent all the States of the Union. The geolo- bearing of the cadets and officers towards each other est gical surveys sad collection of the several States would, all occasions was a subject of frequent remark aad com-midsummer, 1859; but the work of recovery has roads, and a great deal of roguery in their past tansfarprogressedsoslowlythatitisasyetbarely NotwithstandingthesuperiorfertilityofIowa, management:butitalsoteachesthatthemenwhosiderationsthattheaboveappropriation:srecommended.In all other respects the police of the post is unobjec- tionable.ADXlSlSnUTlOX.percepubie.iimmigration has notflowedinto that State as freely planned and built the railways of the West were notThe actual state of the administration at sat4fectory. It is prompt, efficient, faithful and kind. The courteousas into Wisconsin o r Illinois. Land is compara- all fools or rogues, and that rime will afford full of magnificent mansions, and lacking no ele- A few examples may illustrate the geueral de- tively cheap; improved farms within twenty-five ample business for nearly all of the princi-clineinvaluessince1856. StorestoChicagowhich mentofnineteenthcenturycivilization. Townsonfor $600; prairie land which sold for $25 the acre souri Railroad will pass as it advances, at from 43 •inthemarketfor$10;RockIslandRailwaystock to$6.Theamountofunbrokenland,whichaffords has declined from $103 to 470 the share; Galena,. capital grazing for cattle, i s unlimited, and ac- $>«tu ti JOtetol; money haatbilen from 15 a 20 per counts for the long trains of fat cattle which cross sent to g a 10; Harm laborers' wages, from $16 a the Rock Island Bridge almost daily. Of the quality IiJOamonthto$10a412;railwaylaborers'payfrompay a protit on their ?ost, proportioned in everyessetotheamountofmoneyspentinbuildingthem, AMtheoldAtheniancolonists,whentheywentphysical geograpby highly important t o the thorough it a simplicity and efficiency hisrnly desirable.of the beef and mutton raised in Iowa it is super-•1 25 a l l W to 78 cents a day; railway materials, fluous to speak, as we New Yorkers like both well railway completed—more than any other State inThe public improvements made at the post hy the Su- perintendentappear tohave been executed with great good taste, judgment and economy.ken,ties,Ac,from35to50percant. Outsideof the large towns money is almost unknown, and even me necessaries of life scarce, A party of engineers,reschourmarkets;itisrecorded,however,that, ragecostpermil*wag$36,173. Withtheexceptiongenerallycomesafterthehotel—buttoalloasestheand the Chicago and Galena, its people, towns and companies would now have been rich andtlomd lewavwt the p»isenf%me, *Wheat frerdemiles upon miles along the lines of the railroads—as far aa the eye can reach a dark green sea o f flvomOes distant, at ten per cent In no other p art prosperous, instead o f being insolvent a n d wheatwavestothesunshine,promisinganobleoftheWestisthegeueralconditionofthepeoplesodefaulters.Weconfessthatweseeverylit-So—Theuaoersigiifl,coastttetlngtheBoardofingstillmoretimetothestulyofthisyield. InIowa,especially,thesceneisverystrik- oiitremmgastoWtocoiishv Tofooaewhortmem- tleprospect of a paying business onfibsLaVisiters' invited to attend the annual examinationing. For thirty miles west of Davenport, the Mis- ber how popular that State used to be as a pi Ace of Crosse or the Milwaukee and Mississippi roads. of t h e Military academy a t West Point, commene* prehension of it.sissippi and Missouri railroad ploughs its waythrough an apparently boundless expanse of wheat,acquiring greater facility In the ass as weD s s the settlement,howloudlytoallegedsuperior!tjoverTheyhavetakenfromtheGalenamostoftheingontheletofJune,1800,begleave,toao* nucncAXntsrsronosf.Illinois used t o be proclaimed, and how Urge abusinessoftheUpperMississippi;betmereto osrdsnos with theduty enjoined upon them,to Thepracticalteachinginthisdspmlmsntofssuitary science, s s exhibited In m s laying down o f pontoonwvart,aadatthesametimeCOBUM**thesystemas **•/ * pted for ilftstratiag the subject by large aad accural*der the direction of tbe able]The Board S o d that t h e evolutions o f t h enorth latitude, and from the-western boundary ot nocent creditor; and these lavs are faithfully ad- lint, and the northern branch of the Cleveland and days from nine o'clock in the morning until three o'clock upon observing two of the horse* attached t o theministered b y congenial oourts. Every rail- Toledo. In these two latter cases the directors in the afternoon of the 14th Inst. i thD from exhaustion after a hah* boor's drill, and •II were so enfeebled by bard labor as te fee quitesendhisproducetolittletownslikeRacineand mense.ThegrasscropofIllinoistoshort,andthat legislation,andthecorrespondingactionofthe KenoshawhenhecansendittoChicago,andno-examination,alargemajorityofthemembers assembled and organized by the selection o f George T. Wood, Esq., of Kentucky, as President, and Colonel John S. Socum, of Rhode Inland, as Secretary of the Boardpearance,b-ttheamountoflandplantedtoim-In endeavoring to account for it, the recent Stateof Ohio, Indiana, Iowa, Ac, will also be below aabodyto likely to travel to either place except cre- totheonlyStateintheUniontovstoichitispracti-ditors,whohavebeensobadlycheatedthattheyto have been framed excmeivelf for the protection Other examples of needless roads are the De- examination of the several aswaw in the order described loard observed, however, that the various movtmmtu were not esse*.** wtih that raatftty accessary m t h e•assslatedthetradeingraintoeachanextentthatprospecttonotsocheering.Inthebeltof g essgoodwheatcrop—andtherewereseveralin countryextendingfrom34a37deg.to40deg. ofthefraudulentdebtorandtherobberyofmein- troitandMilwaukee,theNorthernIndianaairla"OrderNo.16,"andwhichoccupiedthesucceeding tctionofthisarm,butasstfyaccountedforthe4s-«aStfortheservicerequiredofthemThe result af thefiring from the mortar, siege sad sea*reset batteries was a l l that the Beard could reasonablymoney in th e flush times, are default-- •» upon run regularly, depriving the Michigan Central s f Vestlfatioas t o the means used s i the Academy to se- the ceremonies of parade, review s a d inspection, a s •flegrrtmetsproduction,andmadetheprosperitySouthernIllinois,wherethewheatharvesttoin curelocalobedience,andhaveexteaSSdmqutrJeeintoweflasthedrillofthebattalion,excitedtheadmlrstiosprogress,theyieldwillnotgenerallyexceed*a7theirinterest.Theretonotastogi*tcep-itsnaturalbusiness,andnettingahandsomeannual oftheBoard,aadseemedasnearperfectionasitispossi- ef the Wefit appear greater than it really wae. tion. Vor does there appear t o be any u- > on the results o f principles practised and taught here, be ble to attain, even with veteran soMtsss.Thepoea***k»oflandseemedsocertainaroadtobushelstotheacre;inTennesseeandKentucky(as lossforitsowners.ItwasbuiltpartlybyfriendslievingmattbeycanthuselicitInformationandoriginate Withregardtothelightinfantryerskirmishingexer- wealth" that every man msbted on becoming a in Alabama and other parte o f the South) the the part of the people of the State to redeex Weir of the Great Western road o f Canada, and partly discussions leading to a more perfect comprehension o cises, the Board Is of opinion that, whilst these exercisescredit.Thecitycorporations,refusetou. •ir havebeenhighlycreditabletothecorpsandtheirin- mndowwar;andwhilecitylotsInChicagorosetocropwillalsobebight,bothinwheatandcorn. bypersonainterestedtoMilwaukee.Thecheapesttheeffectofrecentchangesandothersnowincontem-structor,yetmorepracticemightleadtogreaterperfec-road intheState 1Btothehandsofare-ofthecompaniesowningtheroadshavesoreducedThesubjectsconsideredbytheBoardareasfollows:—•apply of labor from abroad almost doubled thearodu affif capacity of each State in the course of • any wheat this year, and probably bet little corn. ceiver. MBwwukee, Racine, Beloit, Kenosha, the service on the needless lines that little or no year.Istmal,speculationfollowedinthetrainMissouriwillproduceverylittlehemp;topartsofandeverycityandcountywhichborrowedlossisincurred.ButtheDetroitandMilwaukeeisTheBoardthinkthemselvesnotboundtoHmHtheirto-<xsectordesireHopesartentertainedtothiscentralregionthatcitiMBBtoraisemoneytopsyinterestontheoityandbestthingtodowithitwouldbetotakeupplation.Fromthedaysofremoteantiquityreadyobe-tion—anendmuchtobedesiredinourmilitaryservice,a»she recent rains may revive the corn; but the crop debts; the courts evade enforcing valid obligations; the rails and sell them. Another road which will dience has always been yielded to eminent Intelligence, this disposition of troops is supposed to be best adapted to the character of our militia, as weM as that meat praetiseslcannotbeaaaverage.Thecountrymustrely,theLegislatureisreadytopassanylawtodefeatprobablyhaveahardtimeinthefutureisthePitts-andnowhereIs'thismoremarkedthaninmilitaryaflklrs.intheIndianwarfare,whichchieflyoccupiesthesltsatlmt this year, upon the Northern States of the West, the collection of debts. Fifth avenue contains no burg, Port Wayne and Chicago, now in the hands The rules prescribed fo r gaining obedience among t h e of our regular army. In general the system of instructionmore splendid private mansions than abound to Medes and Persians will, when properly tested, be found ss laid down in "Eardees Tactics," sad practised a t the ofareceiver.It,too,wasbuilt,notforthedevelope- Academy, meets{with theunqualified approval of theMilwaukee, many of whose people do not pay their ment of new land, but for the purpose of diverting equally efficacious in our own times. For the principle of Board. Tbey would, however, beg leave t o reoommeadlindividual debts, and who, collectively,de- selfpreservationcompelsman indesperate emergencies thatsochslightmodifications bemadein themanualas trade from New York t o Philadelphia. Such to yield readily to ceol wisdom exercised for his own wel- will adapt it to tbe new rifled musket, so that the whomIOfalltheWesternStatesthosewhichshouldbo fraudtheircreditorstothemostbarefacedway; schemesbringtheirownreward,astheownersof systemmaybemadeavailabletooarservice.this line will discover, if they carry out the project cal experience in the results of theories, and only men cieacy exhibited by the cadets in borsemanabip. l o c h bei&gtheeasierasverylittlemoneychangedtimeareIllinoisandIowa.Nelandtotheworldexecutionaman'shouse—provideditdoesnotcoverofreorganizationnowunderdebate. notedforeachcangiveunityofactiontoamiesindan-skillanddaringcouldonlybecommunicatedtogalltofinerthanpartsofNorthernIllinois.Thesoilisoverablock—allthefurniturethereof,nomatter youngsoldiersbymostintelligentsodaooompLsbed bands, the great bulk o f the purchase money i n how costly, a carriage, a pair of horses, and other The main lines between New Tork and the West ger—the grand end of discipline. The means of securing strnctors.ever? case remaining on mortgage. What with the a deep black loam, which can so more be exhaust- must—unless some very sudden and sweeping dis- local obedience are almost entirely limited to rewards and The exercises of tbe platoon mounted were aHogether mealweahhthusobtained,andtheactualwealthedthanthecoalminesofPeunsy!van'a.Solittlehouseholdpropertytocorrespond.Nowondertheastershouldbefallthecrops—doalargebusinesstopunishments.Astheformertingethefortunesofcadetssatisfactoryasregardsthecadetsandthen*instructors,Farms csa be bought at from $8 to $25 the acre, ment, at least such ss could be consistently infltoted en a The Board also desire to express especially their very most striking illustration o f the prevailing spirit. Michigan Southern and Central, the Cleveland and cadet, if entirely separated from the ultimate reward o f high appreciation o f the study o f veterinary surgery•peculation began. Houses were built in Chicagoand Milwaukee which would grace Fifth avenue. with some improvements, immigrants will not In the railroad building* era, four and five years Toledo, the Lake Shore, the Great Western of Ca-do so well on the flat prairies of Southern Illi- good grade in class standing, would only serve to stlmu ago, when every little village on the lake wanted nada, t h e New York Central and t h e New late obstinate youths o f high spirit into rebellious atti-Chicago "oueumed in one year very nearly as muohsirterplateasNewYork. Several thousandmiles nois,fortheredrainageisgenerallyverydifficult,if tobea Chicago, every farmer wantedtohavea York and Erie. The business of the twotudes. Moreover, if a possible means is afforded such has provided for practical instruction in the saiesss ofastronomy, by erecting and furnishing sa execuont ofessfw line run through his farm. As there was no money Southern lines—the Pennsylvania Central and men of overturning decisions against them by an appeal vatory in connection with other academic buildings. This warehouses,wereestablisheduponanimperialimport,andshortcropsarecommon.Inthespringtotheruraldistricts,EasterncontractorsagreedtotheBaltimoreandOhio—willbehurtbyinwhichthereisnodanger,theywillbecomefactionsforobservatory.Isnowunderthechargeanddirectionoftheofcoursecametonothing,comparatively,togoodand thus obtained means to pay for iron and labor. but, if the cVops are good, it will be large nextBoard that this observatory, in addition to its present DepartmentofWarofApril12,1860. usefulnesstothecorpsofcadets,might,withoutasp additional expense, be made of great importance to theThese regulations, is the opinion of the Board, tend t o cause of science, and thereby to the country at large. throw obstacles in the way o f administering wholesome It Is well known to all those in s o y degree familiar with)and imaginary, came a credit expansion u n - seasons, however, these lands will yield from 20 Thus several hundred mfles of road were built, of year.pereuleled in history. Counties, cities, towns, to 2 5 bushels o f wheat, and from 4 4 t o 6 6 which the farmers had the benefit. Now, some ot IXMICKATTON. |very able Professor of Philosophy,, who here teaches receivemortgagesonfarmstolieuofcash,and^bythedrought.ThepassengerbusinessontheWest-thesakeortheexcitementofthecontest,asistheeffectcadetstheuseofinstruments.Ithasoccurredtotheoempanies,issuedbondsbytheream,andfoundbushelsofcom,totheacre.TheIllinois Nearlyforty-fivethousandimmigrantshavear-discipline,sadtheythereforerecommendthat,tbeybethelaborsotaprofessorofphilosophy,thatsomuchofthe mortgages are about maturing. The farmersf| his time is necessarily taken u p in teaching the theory,wttLng purchasers. Eastern and foreign money Central Railroad Company, which has some cannot pay them, and would be sold out, but that the rived at this port since January 1, and probably rescinded.that but little can be given to the practice, and c awaslentattenpercenttoChicago,whichlentit 1,200,000acresoflandforsale,asksanave-at eighteen to the country banks, which relent it to rage o f $11 22 an acre, and sells nearly 6,000 rious railroad charters contemplate no subscription phia and other points. Yet of these seventy thousand 18,1667, It will be seen that cadets may expect too oftenthefarmersandspeculatorsattwenty-Marandacres a month. The present Land Commis- a remission of sentence and not dread sufficiently the loss totheBtockofthecompaniessavetocash;hence peoplethereisnotracewhateverasyettotheWest. oftheirappointments. Greatcareshouldbeexercisedinofficers of tbe scientific corps of our army be assigned te duty at this observatory, and t o i t alone, so that thei* entire time and attention may be given to observations.a*tagastheycouldborrowatthee*ratestheycredits at nominal rates o f interest; the rate now tone of the cadets be lowered. would soon create a generous rivalry between this, under Aswewrite,thenewsreachesusthattheSu- tourthroughtheNorthwestwereafewNorwe- Fromobservations,aswollasfromconversationswith armydirection,sadtheobservatoryatWashington,un-courts of Wisconsin have discovered that the va-bhirtypercentperannum.Thelatterboastedthatsionerhasabandonedtheoldsystemofgivinglongtheyholdthefarmmortgagestobenullandvoid.Theonlyimmigrautoseenonaprettyextensiveshowingmercywherehonorisinvolved,lesttherebytheBythismeanstheBoardbelievethattapritdtosryeaouM grow rich; it was not till forty per cent per charged is 6 per cent per annum, and the term of preme Court o f Wisconsin has reconsidered i t s gians bound t o Minnesota. I t seems that immi- cadets and officers, the Board are wen convinced that the der aaval direction, which would greatly promote t h eannua wasasked that they thought It high. In credit seven years. An impressionhasprevailed grants generally remain to the large cities of present state of discipline at the Academy is highly cre- zeal, energy and efficiency of both, sod in a correspond- that a very large proportion o f the Illinois Central views, and has decreed the validity of the farm ditable to the corps of cadets and a l l officers connected ing degree contribute to scientific discovery.those days everybody prospered. Irishmen got mortgagee. This is almost too good to be the seaboard and their vicinity till the endwith the institution. Thepractice recently introduced of roues.91 00 per day for working on therailways,and landswere beingabandoned bytheir purchasers; true;itneedsconfirmation. It is possiblethatthe of July or Angnst; the demand for labor rewarding with snort fnrlougns thote escaping all demerit The cadet barracks are badly heated in winter, owingmere nice then even, in choosing their employers;this w e are assured i s a n error. The num- for three months cannot fail t o effect great good, and to too strong an ascending draft in the flues. This can be retribution which has so swiftly followed the follies in this city is quite active, and the same is meetB *itb the most hearty approval of the Board. remedied without much expense, and ought to be at-retailersofdrygoodsmadeannualfortunes,whichberofcontractscancelledtocomparativelyofthepeopleofWisconsin,"totheshapeofpover-trueoftheinteriortownstothisandtheneigh- THEOKKTICAI3SrK0030!f. tendedtoassoonupossible.•mall, though t h e extensions granted b y 1 The proficiency of (he cadets in ail the subjects o f in- The stables are in good order and weD ventilated, .hug ty, loss of credit, loss o f population, and loss o f boring States. Next month field hands will b e struction i s fully equal t o the high reputation o f the the horses are i n bad condition and bear unmistakable/fbsy instantly invested In iresh purchases; farmersmeresorichthaitheyfeltsafeinaddingafewhun- the company during thepasttwoyears trade,mayhavealreadyworkedoutasubstantialre- muchwantedtoIowa,Illinois,Wisconsin,Michi- Academy,andshouldsatisfythereasonableexpectations evidenceofoverwork.dredacreseachtotheirferae,whichtheymort- gaged to pay for the new land; bankers became miLio&Aires; railroads paid ten per cent per an* •sun to 'heir stockholders, and there was actuallyhave amounted t o s total sum o f 4*,2€8,000. towa.them mu6t not be too sanguine. The public senti- department of ethics, whi:h have hitherto been thought the prairie is rolltog, not flat, and there is no difti- ment of Wisconsin is opposed t o the payment of a farm. Let them beware of low flat lands on unsatisfactory, are now well accomplished.TUBcoiaarsnOF1867.low all this fabric of real and fictitious prosperityisafairamountoftimbertothecentreoftheState, andtherefalls,ontheaverage,enoughandnottoo much rain. Tb« Mil, like that of Northern Illinois, is a rich black loam, several feet deep—!n which, in the words of a Yankee farmer, wheat and corn growBase is the slave who pays.THE 'v» < I.K01D SYSTEM OF THB WEST.while the service may lose a promising aad aoassupl'sbseT officer.To guard against such accidents, the Board 11 — u n i t that the number of horses used for toe instruction off cadets be increased to one hundred, and to that end i t i s urged that an appropriation of eight thousand doJars b e made.u sella p«ed, and the Wen woke up from its prema- ture <ire*ais, the public need not be reminded.But the Queen State of the West is Iowa. Therefarm mortgages aud the contractors who endorsed day, and, if they are wise, will be able to earn than satisfy all, except the zealous; protestors themselves. enough before winter to make thefirstpayment on The English studies, and other subjects included in t htrary, these exercises are sometimes curtailed on account e of the Jaded condition of the horses. In these branches ot instruction the horse is indispensable; but If an exhausted)There is a little truth in this; but the proposition is the Board earnestly recommend that thn Department o fnodosbt,upontherequest ofthe professor,be madeto mendation. Ingeneral,alldepartmentsareingoodorder miles of Davenport, and four or five miles from a pal lines. T h e rule appears t o b e the Mississippi, where a stranger cun hardly get a contribute most cordially to such a cabinet. Perhaps a aad condition. Other remarks o n this point appear i srented in 185* for $7,000 are now leased at 11,200; railway station, can be had for $10 the acre, and that roads built solely for the honest developement dwellinghouseswhichcommanded$2,000areletunbrokenland,nearwhichtheMississippiandMis-offertileregicrswhichhadaopreviousoutletwillpeople—containtoeveryinstanceanimposingsmall annual appropriation will be the best mode of meet detail in this report.iiig the«e want*.TheBoarddeemtbestudyofthegeneralprinciplesof Themilitarycharacteroftheadministrationhasgiven*but that roads built for the purpose of diverting trade from a nat-ra! channel into an unnatural one will seldom pay.to iB extensive geological treatise*, that it seems proper to individual cases, would be likely to work serious changesforth to plant a new city, first staked out a gymna- •ium, and laid the foundation of a temple, men lookedtotheirprivatedwellings,sotheWestern pioneers, before they think o f houses for them- selves,invariablycontrivetoerectanimposingenough after they have travelled 1,200 -liltn to the Union except Pennsylvania and Ohio; the ave- schoolhouse and a big hotel. The church, we fear,in masy of tbe best features of long established and well approved methods.The State of Illinois contains about 2,700 miles ofnacAL arraiHS. ByaaactofCongress,approved.January12,MM,thetotheanguishofdefeatatChicago,Mr.ThuriowoftheEltooisCentral.whichstandsaloneintheWest-tent t o egoless the track o f a railroad through Weed sought solace in motion chops at Davenport, ern railway system, and wfll be noticed presently, little towns of 5,000 or 8,000 inhabitants on hotels, the United States shall be fully illustrated.low*,found no farmer within twentymileswho oouid feed thorn for a single night. Most o f the hotels in the interior towns of Illinois are either •Sowed, bankrupt, or carried on at a loss; no one-travels, for no one has any money. The re* eeqwa of the ten leading railroads of the Northwestandhassincereferredtothemealtoterrasofdeep emotion.JUKVISOTA 4KD WISCONSIN.The future of the two Northern States of the ParIn respect to thecumber of studies, themodesof most of these roads are sensibly located. The lead- pavements, grading and other public works, would instruction, t h e nrr.in^cment o f subjects, a n d t h e36)f10 1 4 0 0 M O 3,7*0 7,6401.000a^colents after a y\ *r or two of mverity; men reduce scanty crops of potatoes and the lighter grains. In fortieth parallels. The Illinois Central, asto known, stores, banks, private residences, shops and facto- own speciality, creates t h e necessity fo r some inde- and ability that where there is now authority to appoint; •d if they d o n o t make, d o tli'rwants,apendent and authoritative adjustment o f t h e time and one cadet to the academy, authority should be given to Wisconsin,abroadbeltofsand,insomeplacesisanisolatedexperimenttoourrailwaysystem.ries,areallsteadilygoingup.Theengineersmakeprominenceallowedeaehdepartmentingeneralcoarse. nominatefivecandidates,fromwhomcompetentjudgesnotspendmom*y.Individualsperish,battheiftyandsixtymileswide,runsnorthandItwasnotbuilttopaybytrafficearnings.ItrunsanincisiontothefoundationabouttwotoInrespecttothedurationoftbecourse,theBoardfeelsshouldselectonetbebestsuitedfortheservice.VariousWestern houses. Beat 0f all,men-havetoeachothertoallowhimtoconductandproperlyextend theBoardrecommendformakingtheselectionJIasfol- soil is fertile, and the wheat crop promises and next year will carry bresdstuffs down. It the other day—not a phial was cracked, or a prescrip- tbe legal instruction or his classes without detriment t o lows—Tbe Secretary of War to appoint in each State andde :ent meal—so great is the present poverty of thebrickschoolhouse and at least one large hotel.education of a military officer. This subject is so inti- The effect of recent orders referred to under the head of matelyrelatedtothatofgeology,andissooftenaliased discipline,thoughcalculatedtorelievethehardshipofschoolhouse comes first. The money spent b yDepartment, and in which the mineralogy and geology ofCurrent, ordinary, miscellaneous and Incidental expensesIncrease of librarying lines radiate from Chicago—the natural depot put to shame some cities o f ten times the popula- length o f t h e course, a l l o f which have h a d such Bepair of officers' quartersof Western produce—to various points on the Mis- tion. fall discussion in preceding years, t h e Board d o Expenses of tbe Board o f Visitersnot feel couudent in going farther than t o sug- Forags of artillery and cavalry horses.sissippi. There is sufficient distance between the gest t h e fatal influence of changes made suddenly, or Supplying horses for artillery aad cavalry prac-West—Wisconsin and Minnesota—involves more Westernterminiof all these lines to give all of Chicagoisthe capital of the West. It isNew without due considerutinu. So wide is the difference be- ticeuncertainty. They labor under disadvanta^ae in York o n a prairie. The people seem to be tween theory and practice In the complicated affairs of tbe Models for department of cavalry them a fair business when the crops are good; and Institution, and so nice the adjustment required, that tbe Extent'ion of water pipes and reservoirtellf.vomnearly$17,500,000to1856,tosomethingrespectofclimate;theirwintersarelongandsa-byandby,whenthecountrywhichtheytraverseisawareoftheirpresentandfuturegreat-Boardareassuredtheycannot,withoutgreatbarm,sufferTargetandbatteriesforartillerypractice ISOkmI'Va*wAlOO,000in1869,andsomeofthese vers,andthen*summersshort.Intheregionnorthmorethicklypeopled,theywiHhaveanimportant local travel, and will be more independent o f the harvests than they now are. Several lines tra- verse the southern part of the State, connecting St.ness,anddoNewYorkthehonorofbeingatrifle anyinterferenceorchangewhichfailstotakeintoaccount FurnitureforhospitalforcadetsM«760 MO1 , 7 6 03.090roads . v e actually earning lorn this year than they ami but. •TBI B M O V n v .of the forty-third parallel the mercmay will st md below twenty degrees Fahrenheit fedsmys together, whie from the bleak prairies sweeps a westernJealous of the Central Park and Broadway; they ask, with some reason, whether New York could have raised the money to elevate the whole city leveltheviewsoftheAcademicFaculty,ortoallowgreat T'rinaryconduitforcadets'barrackswithcon-Thi8 v. -bolesaw depreciation, however, is neces- wind so cutting that even natives of Maine and Louis and Alton with Indianapolis and Cincinnati. •erne six to eight feet! It is certain that the next Perhaps a diminution o f the number of text books, or Sewers to river from sappers, dragoons, artillery sarily ten tporary. I n a country like our Western Lower Canada do not care to confront it. Nor i s best thing not to needing such an operation is to have topics, in some departments would b e useful. Modes of and band barracksStates,wl^hnaturedesignedtobetoogranaryofthe world, and which have been peopled by theauostenergi **« »»d hardworking race of the age,These lines in like manner will probably do well instruction may b e improved by the suggestions of all I n * girders t o give additional support a a d thesoilsouniformlyadaptedtofarmlaborastohereafter,thoughtheirprospectsarelesspromisingmeenterprisetocarryitoutwhenneeded.Andintelligentobservers,butmustingeneralbeMl strengthtotheacademicbuildingthe more southerly States of the West. The greater the whole city of Chicago, with 150,000 inhabitants, to t h e wisdom o f t h e professor in each ease. These sums a r e now being applied t o the several thanthoseoftheroadsleadingtoChicago—the Bisinterestsareidentifiedwiththesuccessofobjectsforwhichtheyweredesignated,aswillmoreportion of Minnesota is yet a desert; parts of this latter being the natural export city o f the State. *- being raised, inch by inch, with jack-screws, his own department more than those of any other per- fully appear by reference to exhibits A and B, herewiththe reactions which naturally succeed to periods of will be reclaimed hereafter, but it is to b e feared from six t o eight feet above i t s natural level. son can be, and be sees the field o f labor from a higher enclosed.W,chastened andwiser. Itisso south, a few miles east of the Mississippi; a strong conviction that its length at West Point w'U be reasons arc assigned for this change, tbe more forciblecommunity survtv•-hseqoentmmmrtm*• «b**e«w«ierated,haaPu;*aendtowild*T*cn»«onsInlandandrail-waye. The former is re ^ y cheep, end most of theU n e r a r e a t mat o n a Extrava- r a n • •» i n l i v i n g b a n r e c t x v e d a d e c i d e d c h e c g .north and south in competition with the Mississippi; four feet from i t s base, a n d work away a tolerably correct measure o f its value, which they r e - and cogent of which cannot fail to elicit the attention a mthe northern part of the Stateto a andatthetimeitwasbuilttherewaslittleorno untiltheycangetin,firstawedgethenascrew; grettoseediminished. Atthesametimetheextension actionoftbeBoard.Wearetold,bythosewhobestkncSJ) wilderness, with slender agricultural possibilities. of the severe discipline and great restraint beyond a pe- that less talent has been sent bere ia recent than in yearswiththeWest.Tm'crm"<*1867»Wovtd bythe wtrafficbetweenChicagoorGalena,itsnorthern whenthescrewisputtotheworkmenturn riodoffouryearsislookeduponwithhesitation. moreremote. Manycomingtromadistancedonotpes-& AsthesouthernshoreofLakeSuperiorisup-termini,andCairo,whereitendsattheSouth. andtwiststeadilyandslowly,andtheloftybuilding Thataliberaleducationuptothepresentstandardcan seastheverylimitededucationnownecessaryforadmis- proached the land becomes poor and the country Still, it has gucceededvto a measure. The call just rises, hairsbreadth by hairsbreadth, and inch by be accomplished in four years, from the quail Scat ions re- sion into the academy, and incur expense, as well as sudorAnother foiwMghl o r three weeks o f favorable •rather, without rest or ty, and the farmers inOi' *7* «*ts. barley, corn and winter wheat W% t tlow*. V isconsm, Northera ffimofc. Michigan and wheat * * * P » p r o * i c t ,at the expense of Chicago. If the people o f Wis- Typographies] Convention, from Charleswu, died at Nash- that a different and more extensive-'Ties o f grammars tions, he would become gradually more interested in thevtin, of consumption, on the 90th inst He was unwell an 1 resdiDfr lesson* «h<raM be Introduced. The expemse institution, better acquainted with i t s character a n d of seeuriD).- t h e beet methods, even if it Is necessary to wants, and. consequently, better qualified to Judge of i t s daring the Convention, aad since its adjourumect his prepare new text t>ooWs, and o f supplying to the cadets condition and of tbe eflect of tbe changes which are fromi**Sceiver, and none pay the interest on their bonds. The Board is of opinion that tbe course in <fr»nfrb should of visiters would be increased by giving to it more of the time smce lttti, theformerssay that they have had streets, elevators, depots, Ac, 4c. These things be elevated sad extended, so as, at least, to put it on a character of a permanent body.-forbidding.mortification and unjust blemish o f reputation s s to abili- made on the stock will leave 120 stiU available inch, until the whole i s pronounced to be "op t o quired by tbe present law, is very much doubted. B u t ty. In many parts of our country, schools calculated t of o r f u t u r e n e e d s , a n d i t h a s c e r t a i n l y b u i l t g r a d e . " D u r i n g t h e o p e r a t i o n n o t h i n g i s d i s t u r b e d T b e e x a m i n a t i o n i n l e g a l s t u d i e s w a s h i g h l y c r e i i t a b l eS t i l l , i n t h e n e i g h b o r h o o d o f S t . P a u l , M i n n e s o t a ,on the Mississippi banks for a short distance inland! up some business between Chicago and the inside; business goes on a s usual. A druggists structor; but the Board think that the duties of the Pro- undue preponderance in the army, though all parts of theto the intelligence of the cadets and the ability of the in- of sending such as can graduate, and give those sections aa pointed a t t h e small j, vrchases mode b y and in the southeasterly corner of Wisconsin, the South. It is carrying sugar and cotton northward, store, full of fragile bottles, went up eight feet the fessor of Ethics are too multifarious and too little related country are equally represented in the academy. Thessss)Our Eastern jobbers•re mightily disnp-abandonedthefatalnotionofbeooBamgrichsud-exceedinglywell.Ifnoaccidentoccurs,St.landsalessufficetopaytheinterestonthebondsationlost.Thegreatblockofstonebuildingstootherbranchesofhisdepartment.TheBeard,therefore,erntory a board o f two citizens thereof, t o convene i herein at some sssrsmsssS time and place t o be fixed y him, and select, under the advice of a graduate of the • cademy. having a casting vote in case of disagreecnent, ne from five candidates, nominated as at present in eacarecommend tbe establishment of a rrofessui o f Law, to which shall be assigned the instruction o f the cadets i n internationalandconstitutionallaw,the relations ofthe civil and tbe military authority, tbe principles o f evi-Ibissensjftsooowaottogieinemgt|to*«nri. LakeWinnebago,andasfarwestasthethirteenth Stats,withabout826,000population,has822miles refertoitssteampowerwaterworks—thegreatest The-gpSSlitilanguage,tboqghitslitsrstoreisofless yskian,th*physicalaswellasmenulcapacitycouM ascertained SUMthe cadet admitted without further ex-denly, and haveturaadthewtH***b*mset1oe»lyto Paul and to neighborhood will perhaps have few years longer, the stock will become goodwhich the Marine Bank stands, was raised bodilywithequalsuccess;ittook6,000jacksorewstolifti t Chicago may well be proud of the energy such dence, and the jurisdiction, organization and conduct of Congressional district, whose qualification best suited himthepracticalweekofproducing.•**».*ndgetting • fair Jay's wages $»* emir day's jf^bcr*property.histoll3,084,000bushelsofwheattosend£aetand South. In Wisconsin the wheat looks un-commonlyfls«asmrnorthastheupperendof animprovementdemonstrates,andweneedhardly courtsmartial. efortheservice. Ifoneofthetwocitiaensshouldfeeachannel into n e w ones; they were designed cwns.^71"««J»H much, to that State spring to bmld up Milwaukee, Racine and Kenosha,Mtonesou, wli reap SB average of twenty bankers | Very fcVtopm, are goto, to Wtooonsio, andof wheat to the acre—vary considersWy more men land h»nar\ *«*•*•*» «savdaltoraas> sesw, m ea#b lake, their ntilure would have been less conspicu-t h e g r e a t e s t c r o p e v e r r a i s e d . I f t h e a u t u m n f r o s t s w o u l d p r o b s . , s * » ^ ? 2 S ? ? * " " » * * * 5 * bePOearliertheeusual,thecot*cropvrifltofwhTatregion,^-**•"«•.***^£ 2 JSialf *mTM2T' BgCiBe "^Kww**UntitledDocumentwould b e in«iin>>ncant. a m i though t h e B»«rd «?nd mend such improvements as repeated and coot janes, ob-» * ! £ ! J TM 0 1 * * * 5 " G n . — T h e r e a r e f r o m 0 9 t o TO v i s i t e r s t h e p r o g r e s s o f t h e c a d e t s c r e i i t a b l e , c o n s i d e r i n g s e r v a t i o n c o u k i n o t f a i l t o s u g g e s t .at,JW the limited facilities <>fstudy allowed them,and ItIs,therefore,recommendedthatappointmentstothe £E?^S-22HIS'}* ****>*^tleRedthesmaUamountoftimedevotedtothesubject, Boardbemadefortheperiodoffouryears,andthattheWisconsin presents a different picture. JfcfcNeversincemmTHweetrstsmmntwa.**•*••»paralleloflongitude.Thereisnofinerwheatofrailway,whichcoat(owingtofraudsandbadofthekindintheworld—itsPostOffice,thefinestgeneralsapprofessionalinterestandvaluethansome aminationorriskafterleavinghisStateorTerritory.mir a promo* ofth.« year. O sto the West than tee vicinity of Janesvfllemanagement) 142,591 a mfie. As we stated above other r>irop«ntongii«,assumes,neTerthelei»,imix)rtaaoe Those nominated by tbe PresMent could be examined !n a to the Union, where letters, it is to be hoped, will from ear territorial relations with the former Spanish similar way, where aad when be might see proper.RiverValley;tinsyear,for the first everyroadin the Statsto to thehands of a re- netbelostaatheysometimes are here—Itshotels, possessions in America which tormourSouthern boundary. H is believed that the efficiency and utility Ofthe Boardand thefaiwMMthroihllmwtmoWeattoputtomoteew»memnasal.HieampmtgC*JustenoughcahiandsunshinetomaturetheirThereasontoverysimple.TheWisconsinroadsareafairexampleofthespiritofthewholeWest.levelwithtbestudyoftbeFrench,and,ifpossible,to Tbevisitersaregenerallyselectedfiroaacrrillaw.with)breadth of.aprmg wlmet. Nor* of me fortieth isssfasocordtog to their wishes. Grass, too, looks parallel those erepe look uncommonly well.O b i t u a r y .Mr. R. E. PagrSBBoa^a delegate to the late NationaltobeawantofgoodtexttweesforinstructioninSpanish. taryAcademy,ortheprincipless/snwhichitshouldbe Those which from necessity, are used s t t h e Military conducted.Academy have little philological merit, and bat moderatepractical »alue as helps in instruction. The Boar i think If each visiter were to attend three or four examina-werenotbuilttodevelopenowtond;they ,^HpssWJrjfItotterthanmotherWesternStates.werebuitttodiverttradefromhenatnralconfersomefacilityinspeaking,whichispracticallymore littleknowledgeofmilitaryserviceorpractice,andwtOfe important than in the case of the French. There seems almost no acquaintance with the organisation or the Mili-consin had had the sense t o combine their effortsfor the purpose of building up one seaport on the disease weuM not permit him to leave that c?ty. the most efficient means of mstroctfon In tnw department, time t o time introduced into tbe system, and to recom-Bon. Joan B. Flora, Secretary o,' War:—On the 3d day of June sub-committees were appointedbattervarewellandcorrectlytaught,andthatthe< exhibit aji admirable promptness and intelligence <a thetwenty-fivethousandatQuebec,Boston,Philadel- FromalistofcasestriedbycourtsmartislsinceAugust tivelynoneatalltotherequirementsofscientific_ vstion. Tbe Board would therefore suggest t h a t t . - .of the friends o f the institution, The great leading de- This is not occasioned by more cavalry and artillery ex- formationofthepublicmorals.Buttheholdersofthe ganand^Minnesota;farmlaborerswillget#2a partmentsofmUhematics,engineeringandphysicsmore ercisethanisrequisiteforproperinstruction oathecon-which the water lies, and let them also beware of The graduating class sbowea a language and elocution, aswella*iaknowledgeofprinciple*,well corresponding localities Whose people don't p a y their debts. to DMelevates character o f their examinations in other | Germans will find plenty ofcountrymen inWis- subjects. Thecourse intopographical, mechanical and fre« drawing is sufficient to give a good degree of attain- consin, Minnesota and Iowa. I n those States the ment, though from the gr-;it value of the acquisition none So nit h money has been spent and so much has German element is rapidly preponderating over the too mi.'-h. The cadets by an easy ascent learn t o begin been lost in Western railways; they seemed such to sketch topography and viewa from nature quite suc- native. cessfully. In the large and interesting exhibition of the Commerid]disastersin1857were«ucveededbya quitenafrally,withoutanywatchin'.LikeIllinois, admirableinvestmentsto1853,'4,'5aud'6,and THESPIRITOPTHEWESTERNPEOPLE. yearundertheProfessorofDrawinggreatprogresswasanimal is used in evolutions requiring strength and acti- r vity, bis incompetency may result In fatal accidents, aasi thecountrymaythusbedeprivedofausefulcltusswle talk in Indiana of redeeming the State credit Inying the interest on the (state bonds.;ulty about drainage, and no fever and ague. There debts. The State motto at present sho old beThis,withtheproceedsofthesaleofsuchhorsesnow inuseasmaybecondemned,willenabletbeAcademyto and'9;thatthepublicmindistosomedoubton factory. TheBoardfullyconcurwiththeprofessorin befurnishedwithahthatisrequisite;nthisdepartment,Iowacontainsexhactlessbedsofbituminouscoal, suchutterlyruinouspropertytoholdto1857,'8 Whatsurprisesastrangermostonvisitingthe observedandaproficiencyhighlycommendableandsatis-erepfailurein1858,andbarelyanaveragecropin JUfii rue speculative bubbles burst oue after another; the dividend paying railroads turned out rank insolvents; everybody wanted money, which was net to be had, and nobody wanted land, which all bad to spare; immigration ceased; farmers •topped buying dry goods, and Western dealersdemandf>rcerealsceasedaltogether;creditwas bynomeanssouniversallytrieasiswidelybelieved.hardlyasettlcrr9logcabin.ItistruethatoftheMilitaryAcademy,manyofwhomwilltraverseourdent.Thussixtyhorsesarerequiredforinstructionin west of iowa City. This line will eventually strike A personal inspection of the Western railway system Wef tern -.err itory, to form some idea of tbe geological age artillery. Forty others are required for instruction in extinguished,andeverythingfelltovalue—land,theMissouriatCouncilBluffs,passingthrough muchofthisoutlayisattheexpenseoftheirroutes.Forthispurposefossils,illustratingthelar-cavalry—.JIarmoftheservicewhichmeritsthefosteringplace it in this department. Tbe Department of ChemistrysnouM be provided with more eligible section rooms, a sthose at present in use are unsuited t o their purposes.Thereissufficientspaceinthe old riding halltor theserooms, ahd for tbe electrical apparatus, out of place where itnow is, without interfering w ith other object* They are es-sentialtotbeproperinstructionoftbecadetsintbecomingyear, and they can be arranged at slight expense; but the following items of appropriation were made for the sup- Boardlookforwardtothetimewhenanentirelynewfire portoftheMilitaryAcademyatWestPointforthefiscalyearendingJwe30,ISOO:— proofbuildingwillbedeemednecessaryfortheChemical Payofofficers,instructors,cadetsandmusicians.II16,7Sfweight to the judgment of those who have been long en- gaged in the actual work, o r are thoroughly informed in respect to it. A liberal culture requires that the subjects of study be not too numerous, or the student overtasked.duitsAddition to latrines sad premises to cadets' barraek yard *Latrines or privies at cadet camp groundtvthe solution of tbe problem the Board do not undertake.ascertain the grades of ability among children aflbrd •The Board have seen with pleasure that the government U^i%fc»v-fivoper;-»:fcexcessef±iaxsss >«'fl|»'>ttr!»pr1nf8.»1thesewr,ter;n«tfiV*!r.re"mPk'**-Iv*ttl-rspe^fs?att^nrien<wtb«'ptv^perauthor!Boardbedividedmtofourclassesthetermofonecfrean eariy Btart.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069e 8J . . . . . . . . which wrtiM erplre erery year—v> that a maj-wity f tr-e ties to improvement in this •ranco is enrncstiy reoom- | Board would always be composed of pertaox she sad * *www.fultonhistory.com 