 ^:»>^5£*??--'b VI'..^*jg|^ ifeo-gcrk ^fcmg, ggtogftagi TcbnuHH 4, ». . . -' ^=^see'*TM*"* tt" l«»gth ai* breadth of all denaedaatioaa. Tha eafntariMtor aaiy i»>**getsa few moments for aIs now near the post-hour, however, and this letter>assiduously by suffering the usual crowd of ioiers at anas the transfer which cannot be said of tha..^y-I _siteBombowlutke Fii«-Klii«, wnU"*!"*maa.asdextraraganttethins. Bis only faolt Is that sharedw I,agal lavedU that. I hare aAttaasytatJBaeara—Hto JesusChrtat,whodiedforusiiri,aadIhopetobe that/tahallbeanationalworkSnawt«Mind>batIronl»UiIn»nceei«lon,«f ntv between e»ch, «id <>P«»1^•• altovlke e«s^>e of that (rt«»in jeneritodaofltoe,Baafe,rie CM«by,"tiBTtUnfon hit pto»- withont anymAebtg provocation.Prison.City In accofdaBcein Itsconsequenees,every State lars of tbea werela one lapeassil, d», Ma«-Te«fcof 8«ath Carolina, wlU startle the Bed Man of Aga, by tbrowingas liltterAssistantDistrict-Attorney,Mr. Jons Ssbowicx, In thebills, and the skill displayed In counter,tog tbe lekeU nelj, »lto the letiertog iattrSlratti form oot fcttire. These plates may be called tbe sMie<rUiUn« •Aloe, npat^aMDowaadgeBlll gitleaaaandstrong abtdjag fafihla Ihe Lord toth. the momxBeat baa beenaa Mlowa"' »" "^ """* taUioBce,admeklDgfre»t01J*U1fl^tofhU Kaa,ofNorthCarolina,badlyon 'thIesraesfpioenrsciebliiltittlye Seldom,Inthiscountry,hasanytrial,foracrimi- sai"d.Jabxs,forGod'swistahkeS,TiIPfHySoBua'hraevqeueosnt—-wordto AcertificataeboafDdsaeombeereanbgirpavwinllgsoofontbebeUsu^, alone. 80said(hepapera.TbeBaasaararias«a4tppeerance.IJMMeaent u tin SmrthRB Hercvlw,of hl> llght-weiftat Booth Amerlckn CriSirerttblBKupoverhlrshonUanandextended >i^. lliir aboTe tier, nntil Jobk A. Giuoi, who will baitihe ap** °^ *^" PTT*>>^> '"Ul be enibled to taaehtheihieldofNorthCaroUaeonthecentralfend whU* It but ScaoTiaa Couax, of Indiana,nal oSeace only, produced more eonflleting optaions with respect to tbe guilt or Innocence of the con-man, ItwasnotUU "Bequick,bequickyour Redeemer save"Bg roaiid all parilameatary eomlceg, lotdy wiflihUtaeth aad eyebrowa. Cci- "^iriUtrottn oo all-toara, barklsg in aMauost and SnaMsi to aTLis brings up pointalssippi ttsbedUtisfolabed from atrue SU Ber- cbimes in—making thediiPusstdia abtng far MaCihsaMa, lU b a|iMil~to wtiraBXBoimoN or jjjds anrHJOiB.Tha HIatoiT •! hto Cfla me,adyingaaaa,to spaakaagktbut WlihtbeaefoelUga aadfor theaUmlaarMaaara. Kaatr. Caaraad ktxnatsrUlatoywoaniadnaIbarelosay. Th«rfcMwikcnatk,and 5uiniS!'*'Itto neeOtaas fur -gravesaadaaaneh amdaaaabaa-objwitloMlfcr.:^ satohfalaaUaci aaHoaalwork £sto BAWnmafallofknadraMa^ierleaoe,inspointsMight Allre,Curat,ofN.w-york,wUlberocceerfol aiareryIssue,andageneralInclinationtogrowhot murderofbiMwife,bypolsoB,wasexecutedinthe ScapesBS—No,nopeopleofIbeCnliedStetes. Wetheir In this respectTXTavitSontheHe coraeia On.-" BATToa, of wUl resting on the South Americans. Itpreparedtotie."SBSSirr—Have you no more lo say ttwosaad equallydeerInItaaasooiatloDa,andequaU;tmoortut —buckonaredby MidUa, of the aanw State—a screw loos*toecoSperattOD erecting memori*!ofari» UfullyeagraredeooaterMtjfawssadeuaappealno debate to-day.a whlnerU BAsasBAis;made the point that°° "^'''- Ssyto engrwttMt*.'.^rages,from the OMe there should besslvation upoa it." depends; Sheriff,does to sUay it, by quoting somethingtbe agreement made yeiteiday, thatSraraSBS lepiied, "/smnmoenfBoaMit,ofKentucky,thengave demned,noteone _^. t'^J**^'alter which the latter (B.) Jawa R. Riooi would change histbe noose atiout tbe neck of the condemned man. and drew the down over his face. Ha was thendivestedofhiscap aadstooddressedIn athel<>fger,TtSto Imitate It If yon can.andelectPs«Bi»aTO»tkU confidenceInhto mUtlt^flf<fceroot.luiu.Wussoaa,Jr.,Inhairrballot,unlesstheSouthAmericanssupportedthatbewasnotguiltyoftheterriblecrimelaidtobis suitofheavyblownstuff,muchworn,withkisvote from McCLsaaAna. Hifc"j|"|jli*>~ni"ilnlltiii iilliliiil feaU of the chlm- McCtsaitASB with their full vote.repeatedandemphatic statements,cloak,both the hot and order, protesting againsthearyLord, have mercy on meMIs- took place In the Court of Oyer and Terminer, before At 11:39 o'clock the Sheriff waved his handkerchiefI have beento Procure allglad to aee the subject of conater- gqruiarved'in toe pUtM ,houM cause toheeZ^Doctor's speech. Hn,L, ofGeorgia,highest .t,Ui ot hirt.rUto toe Tiaas. The great lacrease of aesign of the Stale arms for ewh denoBilanratlaoao.rehorwlT5argumentstated by Kanr, abould not call forth anyconnter'eit felting andfnAt'lfoQvatt,iilftteKoMhweetera Democracy, In a maoner BAsxaBALS winds the of Asskzab and Mr. Damisi UuHAas were associated held it. snd the poor culprit was raised grad-n^^IgtSjium noon, and ring-mastersnp by placing responsibility tftiom he denounces as a renegade s'aveholder.cashier, ISbxrhis and Kanr on tbe floor, and begin to «Ur Tbe Christian religion harlnc (ailedJobs Sbsshab thenon his feet to demand thatOn the 23d day of Saptemiwr, I8S7,cation. For about three minutes after hisof Banks for toe Suppressioa ofnimtl Ifcili long whip"«B Jk* •aimal*.to andnee an orsanlzaUoa, resort U now had to a queettlarge portion of the New- In toe teas to green,](«•< KabU, who appean in full canonicals, and del(>te« a Tory excellent prayer. Bnt Pitur Pooli, whefltilMiUeme, aaggesta thatthlala the regijltofgraduallmyinute" two permanent and Opaque colsrs.boto ofwhtth a»a "—fhe'linvceealble cooltlct the cnuh betweenNOBOOV.desirable. The highest skill laceased to beat. It was then allowed to hang bank should have iu own vignettes, iooal views, to-bank would Becuritlea for ga(> deposit everythe Koilhliall Mm Sooth baring at length aqueezed outminutes.aoBS examined that ttie milse had it, findingrequired,andeveryEverylar of paper received from the bankBone think that the Rabbi has been pradMadkr ••eietaiy Ceu to inaore (krorable dls-—SXBXBADZ AT WASBIHRTOH a RKCITATITX FBOIf as seamstresses and dressmakers.Fromliie testi-twentyporuaiu, disttoguishtog clearly between thefla'^JdMv''position, veryCusaiso, Mr.altertog bills,isreally alarming. Witowhile badlT> but without doing any poslUve Sbxuab'b election on Wiatta Davis, of Maryland, for the defence.ExAttomey-Generaitkseeruuthe Southopposition from Americans. proaecutiOB,tlie Ba<,kexperience of more toan 25 years as a bank i. He sboela proeore the best qnaiitr or bask •tamust leave In ignorance of the final result.daughterIt is be- lieved that PxHtaiTOTOS will t>e Speaker before thirtyhadit was lovered slightly, and Drs. (^ovsL and Sta-stylenotes, indelible snd Jcs ^luble," or In sesqnl-oxlds at crami-personal explanation.Itsomething to check tbe cir- Bay bebot.and such Demo-cratoas Moxaia, of Illinois, and Aiaaou, of South wa5 elected Speaker, and the price of slave property, HXAB, obtained a stay of proceedings, went to the Su- But the extinction of one great system and toe foun- jCaioBft, demanding a direct rote as an act of good as they call It, was higher, and he hoped it would preme Court and the Court of Appeals for new trials, dation of another, the subversion of foreign rule and on' SxCraWiLUAMsitsdownat lastcontinue to Increase if they choose to have it so. the estebllshment of self-government—this is felt to ail of which were denied, and made good tlia adageany plan,unknown,standard to toe i>reaideotlal contest. If such senti- ments were not opposed by toe conservative Inflaeace of the Norto. „Mr. Baiix, from toe Committee on NomlnaUoBS, made reportas follows :For GotiemoT—Col. Wiluab SpxAon, of Prerl-ftitli, and toterminate this miserable farce."and, for toe sake of toe State Bank havtogjtowesa by breakingthan the election of Mr. Pskninoton. The leading he was so soon to suffer escaped his lips. On the con-onetoalathe.It would require a man of extraordtoary talent toApriLThe Newark .1feT««ry, commentiiig upon toefor the rarlouB Committees;and demands to know full blast They have called before them a greatnumber of persona, and taken their What Besides the Sheriff and his posse were several of the tbe entire d.-is-s of men, who were the actorscountry. "oS^unlt?: It i« onl»"^'i«« «"! "TS^ 5.^ The toventlcn of printing from movable typu was a liver any paper to sobscribers heldtog tgjjl^,Order '."aseaa ta Jaatlee—examplefor us poor staaers. I feel renown. Lexington and Ita memotles belong to the bills pilcted In oolofa ;aad hieYesterday Jams Btifhshs, convicted of thesared the b.ood he shed of «t1o.Vl byI.aatBseeailea.than that of thisdesigned esc^w, which was detected on Monday last, that his numerous friends reluctantly withdrew theirpoj.ro. ThU la doao by barlaf 4t» picture, original to deaign andSrirBiBs was accuted of cansing the death of hiswife by poison.feet from the grotmd. As a eonsequence. his neck was Bot dislocated, and death was produced by suffo-sometimes too great for me.against siblr he at air ed lo it>t art of paper- makiac.3. Be stMmld a prtotiag departauat «(<« organisehis OWL eye, snd proceed t> prlat oa oae tUo ot aaigpaper, say Ue ondi, twos and Ihraesia red iBk, the Br«sOrdereall, na will cut the wires, pull off the tin-foil, untiethe eords and let the efferreecLng oratory withinhlaa babble, and gush, and squirt out and np andorer, In ail concelrable directions—to explain his the other. [Cheers.] He lived away up on the lake On Thursday night StiruiKS did not once go to li:oepen(3ent Reiiublics, riting from the stagnant An artist chitels Irom a block of marble a beautifuleaaa ahiaillinIit be [Cheers.] A hoped may higher.Republicanthe causes whichit, excites no surprise.f eit is increased two-fold.to Proridenee and other to Hew- places—Ills eve, that when his name is reached on the roU- threats of disunion which were conslaaiiy being' City Prison, and escape , is fresh in everybody's recol- behold rapidly emergmg from the bosom of the ocean. temptation to counterfeit is exactly doubled.fall of wrath and [Cheers.] If a Republican PresidenSttawtaes. electebde, of the " taw's delay " for nearly eleven months. The be a phenomenoofnt,heanwdorolnde. oMfatnokeinrdarwesotulodccurrencIen tion,every right of every citizen of every would In the annals gaze Philadelphia share to toe expense, or any otoer kettM eloquence ;-but there is a gloomy threat in secure in his liands. tCbeers.) Referring to the recent attempt of Stxfuxks to kill the Wardens of the astonishment on a vast conttoent, which they should cause, Urtds the use of toose plates to that bank, tooaaked fist, and (lending a variety of thick iron pokers —eilitoria) article, to that referringIt asandwhen Rev. Mr.CAMP.the Chaplain of the City Prison, and which, bv the biesting of Piovldsnce, was con- iniitate an origtoally-worded extempore speech ofTBI KLlCTIOlf OF. 8PEAKEB.across his arm. He wants to cut off debate the "the latest national calamity."elec-•pedat object being to prevent W. R. W. Cobb of Al-The Enquirer relieves its feelings by thevisited him in the morning, and urgedducted by tie lieavtn-appoliited chieftain to its aus-result.;not so much, however, if hetion of Mr. PiBKiKoioy, says"We understand well how this triumph will bewelcomed toroughout the country, but to us, his im-close association toe true manliness,genuine his success assuMSfrom exhorting his Democratic brethren. The Jfollowingiftt—Aoitspeecb gestures being greatly-hia haaaavoiis religious points repeatedly calling down the success of Sbbxmak. 'The defeat of Shitb tooIIf a man bei^ that he can lift more than another, he— ^>X»tk* galleries. He wound op by saying that the elec- plainly indicates that no patriotic purpose, no Unionvery piqued, wayasnot ofand friends, to Msyrearioa of Democratic sentiment, the defeat of an ladeiaerof Bauxa )>eing regarded by the great ma- jority as a clear and unqualified rictory.procured the revolvers which were found in his and Saschkz's!9th April, 1775, electrified all British America, and It was apparent toat one intod maved and warmed theus tamodified andfor Leiiligloo, la around neck, and I am toat the spiritmatter,boasting,t-ureut to use a lever.The imi'ator should be obliged to do liis work inmediate consutuenu. and neighbors earnest and zealous supporters, to toosedog-fall," In wrest-Bouse of Representatives. This defeat confirms I am guilty or innocent, so that the last words I saywould have been as gallantly poured out. You conno morebank-notes prevent counterfeiting "made, he said : if the pressure of money, the pres- sure of office, were taken away, you would not hear these men crying out disunion, and endeavoring to separate the people of one part of this country fromlection, as is also the manner in which that attempt was defeated.History- would recoro as a rever-to-be-lorgotten era t'e time, when its mountain tops first rose upon toe level waste. But surely toe event which distinctly marks the appearance of an extensive coufederacy ofThe same prtociples toat apply to toe prevention of couiiteneitmg bank-notes apply to everytomg else under the sun, to arts, mechanics, literature and physical achievemenu.dence.For Jjieutenant-Govemor—ISLie SADKnaas,THE EIECUIIOH.vote. The Tote.neTertbeiess, goes en, and Hctchims, shore of the northwc.-t, and if any man there dare utter but spent nearly tke entire time in a senUment against the Union of these States, they sleep,ex- waters of arbitrary rule, is to the philosophical mind statue. Another artist of even less ability can make an event of superior importance and interest. a copy equally beautifuL Now, suppose tte firstFor ^ttomej-GenCTtf—Tbobab K. Krso, of Noittl Providence. _ _ , ,me." Thenand bis luiaingcoat buttoned to his chin. As these final preparativna of charge. His trial, which occupied nineteen days, w"ere being made. Stiphsh"s' oonstaatiy ejaculated,Departmoat at AI-also Judge R00BXTII.T, in March, I8S9, the Distrlct-Atter- as a signal for the lope to be cut Toroiiih eittierthat PsBnasioa's ney being sslsted by CaAnaoiT Saarrxs and by the tgBorance or design, however, on the part 01 the man felUngsuipensionthe role may be continued, bat Stdixbah Mooax re- .ohe died, after an illeess of abont seven weeks' dura- his suuggles and contortions were learfuu They Boston, aIre- were accompsnled by a gaigllng In the ttiraat,and his land, and her to this country. She was the suffer'xga must bsve been otesdful. From tals pointembractogEngland banks, has doneaad othertion, He had mairled her in the Conaty Cavan, broughtfclae,1religiousof Ohio, rises to demand that no debate or speech- would insianuy drive tUm fiom the place. [Cheers.] ercises. Rev. Mr. Knapp and a gentleman named Wilh these lapressions, the citizens of Lexington artisi'sbould keep his marble stetoe to himself, and denee.»•- in order wbUe the names are H-j Aall be„.„,being called. This is a lance-thmet aimed against ShithSxiHiixa remained with him, alternately offering and the licinity are confident that it will not be only expose and sell plaster-caste from lu ItalianA WAIL FROM VIRGINIA.ofTbgiBla,butSBxaxAxsClimissrisestoparryitby TBSBICBXONDE^q^IBEBINHOrRKtMGFOBTHK votions,aadengagedinthemapparentlywithmuch part,iftheyattachaveryjiecullarimportancetotoe thein. (ThisiswhatourBanknote-engraversactu-"hour of triumph to the Republi- cans sboold be the hour of magnanimity."occurrences, of which thelrown quiet village was theThey keep the origtoal andonlypartwiththecopies.)deelaiias that theUmasiroon, of Georgia, next rises to show hisXLECTION or PKNSIMOTON.The Richmond Enqutrer, of Feb. 2, appears with Its inside pages dressed in mourning, for no less a causefervor. While acknowledging himself to be a great sinner, not one word that could be constmad into a confession that he was guilty of the -crime for whichand on toat day, commmredtiie dread appeal to arms, long an- ticipaud though loyally I'eprccated. by the friends of Americanliberty. Onthatdayandontheirsoilcom- menced the ttniggle, in which so much hardship was endured and which so much precious blood was shed,ally practice.engravings,rariouslargestoneswithhisA mechanic may whittle a perfect globe with a pen- knife, but a less togeniout one will turn an equallynot been tbe ends and a-m^ and objects of Black Re- Hamusoh. of Texas, heie gets up a little sensation pubjlcanlf^m. the election of Smitu would have beenMessrs. CcsniyoHAM and so endeavor to escape.his and keepers,msss. The citizens of the nelghbortog New- platesabundantlytools, dies and macbtoery are sold\pf riding sideways and spraddle-legaed on the Demo- allow ed to stand. Dutno! aggression and overthrowandeither sat by the stove near the entrance to his cellor else paced quickly along the corridor, that privilegecratle steed. The extreme tlo of one toe rests betweenVirgtoia declared toat "the blow strurk in Massa- chusetu was a hostile attack on this and every otherin New-York, men who counterfeited on toe Nationalthe Northern ears of the animal, while the extreme the fraud petratedBi-nk, AuEUla, and, let me ask,be of Charleston were as mad as toose of Boston." Nor exquisitely done. This la toe way they did ItanhoBortoroughoneof itamost reelileali wortoydrsfathsgreoBonSouthern Conference.prepared for him ?" and added,hanging Is an Igno-firm InTo perpetuate toe memory of toat day of mingled toe country. The otoer parte were engraved by other XX OHIO PATKB BtrBST IM Ti«8nna BWW BtrLXBagwreath of his rote on the head ofsponsetogtoo on toe i9tb of April.:,.but of facuevent, deplorestrary,hefrequentlyasseverated hisInnocence,ropeends animate the enemies of Slavery in the standing under the gallows, that yon would ask me ifday, the blood shed at worku.an. toroughout the country. Doubtlessthe worth, tbe high-toned polraealsettled and foregone resolution to distort tbe Unionto the vnkoly nid^«f^verthrowing Slavery. Had such possession, and with which he designed to killoriginal dies, within his reach, aighiy of from the failure oi no less than five bank-note compa-could not have been advanced by the Speakership of an Old-line Whig, and heoce tbe very men that per-In the intervals betweenslBglngprayerThere are now, or were very lately, in'whether PaaaxaaTOR b4s made any pledges as to the teatitnony. is of a •'Minute developments may have been made, and to what con- Governors of 'he Almnhoute, the Curoners and mem- in the great i-cene. It the figureinveniion for toe of but not ofspread knowledge, yours do^a Gp^toe snb^ Slaroiy.ng."^him theduty of confessing his offence before men, he replied, picious:uponattempt Is onsucceaafal, however, and Cobb makes a " The election of Psmnxcron, a/ier ihe drftat of as if much "That Is no to talk Thus much, fellow-cltlzens. and no more, we claim will not use main strengto himself, and allow his op-expressionsSmith, is even more alarmine than would have been to a dying man. Sir." To Mr. Khapp he said, " 1 We are well aware—we delight to call to mtod—wish when themywhich animated our fatheis on tbatmomentous was shared by their fellow-cltiiens no lesi. easy way toan was employed by tbe origtoal"UDg jlytae an encounter in which neither party every charge oi bitter animosity towards the South— in this world " I die an Innocent man.' " He Lexington o( than you can prevent imitation of any kind. Whatfidelity,pitocipleof Gov.PiBsiBoroB, moreofapersonaltoanofapartisancharacter. ^«etloa af PmoxsToa would be aconid daim the rlctory. This is hardly a fair ex- of deadly hostility to Slavery determined purpose—ofof continued agression upon the Constitution—ofmay be,also refused to state how or from whom heunder toe same circumstances, in any other partinso kind and genial In social tatercourse,servlca, bo full ofwlUhow did therdoitt toe of the other foot is stretched out and resting on immediately defeated him. and have now elected one having been accorded liim by Messrs. DcsiiP and Caroltoa toat Gen Gaos averred that "the people The men were not engravers, yet the engraving wtstheDeputymust rally to the Constitution, «r iht Vnitn wiU had been left for th* night."if everything (referring toupontha goattem tail. In this manner Hahilto.i covers of their own number. They have at last rallied un- thethe whole Democratic organization, and finally, just aa ha paans tbe Clerk's chair in cantering round, hewhlla as the Democratic Queen of Beauty.Ksai, of South Carolina, next rises, with a scarlfy- lagkailiainonehand,andalargebaaketofSyracuseHe tbedid the palilols of the other Colonies fall behind their lellow -citizens to toe promptoess of their re-They many piecesin tbeproposedo'clock he of a after which partook light breakfast,be distolved.gallows)hadbeeninevitablyThe Enquirer goesto toe sunimrns which went forto from Lex-HoTC -Fogt-«ffiee yapioMM*' —"Jaaa k,» 'MeCiaaaaiiB, who sits modestly robed in of the Unioa of Virginia with other Southern States minious death to die, but a very quick oae." At 7& Co toe oldest bsnk note ,AITalrslatheRto Grande.aalt okOatithar arm. He flrst lays bare a long wound TBI IMVISTIOATIOHB Or TBI TSZAK COlilCIS- the utmost composure."The at Lunepru'bslisChresek, Vs., hsrtag postmaster— Indorses the Slave l^v&tlglFnaniawi Fugitivei Voks In huge handfols of tbe salacious tow ii|^j(|iBAmerican Revoluilon.enterprise, they have already obtained a sharter as a to toe year 1758. Thus we tee that there has been ao discovered, or toought he discovered, Inceodlartsm lapeople,election,Colonyandsuch was thetempermanifested inhe will toe duties of that posltioa,aad That dischargetoat ke will add to Ms already naUonal reputatton^ certainties which his Immediate and pttaonal Irleattcan beet apprecUto.or TBI POBT-OmCl DBTABIMHT.der a leader. What next ? The Southern Statss Mdbpbt,custody asked Mr. DasLarcut toe note toto as as toere wereof histo urge the instant necessityroBTBengravtogSI0KIB8.A Brownsville correspondent of the New-OrleansAs it had been generally undeislood that. In accord-body corporate,and haveorganizedRebpoutad- Dec. 11. 18»».Ii5DLat,toe patriotsmanner nies, whose stockfrom toat knowledge.all rejoloeSheriffs In whose:sorrow and tiiumph. toe people of Lextogton and Ite he resumed bis devotional exercises and continued vicinity have pro^/osed to erect a monument on thsprofessional men.I stated to my last commonlcatlodnonteoaInt thisgreatdlstiitH>tlon of the Committee patronage. It U a clusions they mar have arrived, cannot, of course, t>erM of the PteiS. Man," who, leaiing his accui-tiimed labors, and ta prevent counterfeiting. So toe invention of engrav- Lreafttrbeiommlttedtomasterly speech and very damaging to the Republi- as yet be known to outsiders. However, In this con- Shortly before 956 o'clock. Sheriff Kkllt entered seizing his musket, his ball-pouch and his powder- tog by means of movable dte; transferrtag and multi- »^^^fSij^«K£l!^* cans.. Behsrges Pasnssrox with being in favor of nection, speculations and conjectures are legion, and the cell of the condemned man, and asked lilm if he horn, has hastened to confront toe disciplined battal- ply ir.g little gems of art, was a great invention for P. M. Lunete Cr^tJa-*T^g^.Jj:there is great curiosity existing with the public as to was ready. STxpassis replied that he was. His arms ions of arbiuarv power. Such were toe men of the many useful purposes, but riot for the preiention of Ths editor oUhe TSot^Trtole to tboPuiUnamrtte Fvglttre Blare law, and in favor of allowing Slar-«ty to go wherever a tropical climate makes it profit-able. On the wfaola. It Is beyond all question the Got. HorsTos, and determine him as to the necessitv head. As these preparations were In progress, b^ stand, as an abiding memorial of their sacrtuce and a printing, however tieautliul, as safe against counter- Uve ii Congress from his dlstrict.and Mr.eaaaor^agaar,28th ofIn and that Mexico,1 endeavor to explain the true principles to preventaa* la laobaUy hnmmlng,keen tm* to their early faith, are e*a*wd this pala."bsd to walk a distance of about six rods. A of comprehaBslve patriotism, and commemorative ofmukmzed »y Carvajal to raUe men far mHitan eernct squad of tbe Sixth Ward Police having been statioae4 an event in which the whole country haa an equal" forgery, and not to mtetlfy for selfish purposes. Under for mo, as such, to doUrer any psp«f tJ^Sji of'"'^"'" E- Jot Moaais•1. rats to »to»n,«o« " before or after he knew thatresponrible for the latea stave and wearing a »h eld. brou gbt uo the rear The prisoner approached the gallows exhibit-name to twentv cities andft^,. ..?t.^°""*holdingThe venerablechanged •rSr" appoint » m (E. J. M.) on theInd h. «b* only TlrfB* laoMng to make him one of the mostoutrages.work of commemoration !'*" of Ways andthere exlsto on the fhiBtlsr a stateequivalent to a state of war between the two coun- fested to the very end.and facilitated counterfeittog toereby. actually•«l««y« ».i» clear, energetic and agreeablehis he raised his eyes, fixing them foror at least one of th» cathegoor!"Slli'^lBTrerh'^ded by the Sheriff as followsIt has become jentence of tee law upon you.«*«*»t«TM^iNa. as ,Meanstoat„ character .)has been receijvweldtrttoTgl.ls oMOteeacIpnat^t^aleast-dreaded talkers BaaasBALX, of Miailadppi, has now obtained the...engravers,just as wise and sensible,engrarer on toe Judges' bench, to teach law Bradys, Grahams, and O'Conoia.jioinlav,:placing a joumeymaa to ourWh. Sairn, as heand that thissenled tosighto tw5 on toe cord which dangpatrioticmemory oi tbe honored spot In the very soli of everystatedreadyand second, when his Immediatepre-toereofto aa«aJtiaOco.irte re into the cireumataneea, aad hare aaeh-ofMexico,andparticularly that portion lyingr«condof the land,induce our fellow-cltlzens to unite wito us, in rearing awhil' detssliraenta ^yean,iBdi9irvili! UuMaujt, however, goes inls side and commit their depredatloBs.tbe character of tbe forthcoming report, as It Is pre- aumed »uch report wUl exert great influence with19to of April, 1775;counttrfeiting.Who would totok of reeommendtog a page of type-at Luney'a Creek, on toe subject,"OJJ'^If.tU<e*l tbelegs oput OB Qi* tofli aa K to rerel luxuriously In oon- ceived mattridl aid, in tke tkape oftamplatlng the Idea of his own eacap*. "Verily, dothmg, armt, ammunition, !,<:., from Jfoiamoras—and behindlna|iisianil*i liiii klis.and stretches hisr^'lS"!.®*^to toe execution of the work. The^daa aaeay hath^rordsof David, u q«ot*d by the Rabbi Raphau.nirthermore.tbey regard the of Coxtha forayseach wearing his sword and belt and car- 1775, wasthe which, from Maine to Georgia,signal for each note of tha same denomtoatlon, mikes theSeptember last, that Cortina uku, at tSmI date,prisoner(aided, promoted, and sympathized with as they have been.)deputy,oflScial Stave. Siipbsss walked behinde^ ^^^as an al>solute invasion of Americanon either side bymerelyStates dcscenr^ed from toem In tbe risingbut aelther he, nor anyof the tame paverjr re l'^',iTe^'a^P£ofto.P.£.r -Ujdje^^^^ rtStro'^f''^irT^^rwhrhriL'^tha feuowtag^r*,.or Deputy-Poataaaatar, ^'"ifa Postmaster, *W}Wterritory by Mex- 1 predict that the Commissioners wUl report thatthem, supportedtheWest, a voice ofdent may be ag)od;tries,pationbetween the Rio Grande and the;noticeor w ritlBg burned to his pceaaaea.'war to the knife with treaty be ratified.the United States, shouldthefor an undertakingof this which is so well cal- kind,Luaey's Creek, Hardyb*»»2,"'river) money, tubeiitence," The factreport,Wthem followed Sheriff Kslli and Mr. Vntrss, blood tbat each Bank, or nearly so, has a different designof things which is state of thlnga demaods the occu-Will not thesame scntimeut which bat thus planted tha First, when the law was first passed, as I have al-aSy fuTa book, or other (ofIrery much exasperated with the Juarez Government on account of the and thatto^ gaUows, S-rXPHXBS wa, address-note to tostruct toem to their isBeapecUuBy. yourleceally aegoUated treaty,. .,. mv to execute thsa householdThe present moment seems to be peculiarly adaptedFirst-Asdstant Pwtmaster-Geaorsl.Couaty, »a-ta mmb* mysterlons my, and Isgalk against Popular Sovereignty. He is almost theaaly maa yet met ivith to^lay la tbe Democratic tuken by the hand by the olEclals of that place. He out faltartng to his calm demeanor ^ .^ ^,faargaaka who baa not awakened to the eonvtctlon that " "t» haa heea an orlglaal Douglas man for the pastshewconnterfelting. rery has been tJroas toat he " commlta to the flamee,"attemptini; toculated to carryor four who stood beside tiim, but with- men of the Souto and the menmatter number taeabhCoanaA and bis Captains are almost daily prome- nading the streets of Matanioraa, and are cordiallyof tbe Norto stoodand toe.»f P?,";^ °''^i.'lSl?fIs encamped about mfles above Matamora* (on the eightMeiieim side of the river) with his principalFirst, by and alwaya byOBcauujmountains, bycountrythat the whole Mexican is populationthroughoutlasting and made It that name with Its wide-spread honors,word America, for all time t throughoutican troopsMexicans of all ranks and grades openly proclaimAmer-of tbe die of the State arms to designate the denomi- monument to the event, whirh has clothed nation of a note. The fact is, placing a lawyer over bookwere then securely bound, a black cloak was thrown across ids shoulders, and a black cap placed upoa hissuch toe men who fell toat day on Lexington Green, and to whose honor the statue willbat reply" hVaddressed Mr. "*"»••'"'*•eamUaettdM^v Best 9gacttra qieeeh of the session—the most point- of calling nut the regiment of mounted troops which teanked tbe Sheriff for the kindness tbat had baa monument to their heroism. It is to be of bronze and feittog, because toe counterfeiter cannot make such attention o*f toe Postmsater-General to the Tir-; tiie Republicans writhing under It mt« lira eels <» a gridiron, and the Democrats des-typead and vlgarooagranite, handsomelywrought, with niches for tbe to-_ ,., > Darawsar, I-tliat. i a^'^'yrgfof any consequence. Sbsb- posiUve has been famished that wuerected between the outer wall of the prison-enclosure, 1775. and to grateful remembrance of those who laid written to manuscrtptjwlto a pen ia {fiflfcult to imitataoa the ElB-street side, and tbe wing of the prison in dowB toeir lives on toe morning of the American and So with a bank note prtoteq from a ""i think It due that I shouldba^ recently been authorized by the lilature of Legthe State. From what I can alean from sourcesalways extended him, and said he was deeply gran-ful to all the otScers of the for the farors prisonol colossal siie, eleva'ed upon a lofty pedestal ofDo we not ail know that the type can This was foUowed by toe annexed letter to theemblematic of theaian's cofEn with bridal wreaths and ers are well sattslled (from eridanea already before several occasions little difficulties bad occiued be- events of toe day; toe whole to be of a roagnlmde means of dies or types. In fact. It is counterfeiting poale*. Indicative of the joyous and them) that the late dlsturbancas were ancoaraged and tween himself and some of them, yet he eotertalaed and to a style of execution wortoy of the great event, to ite very nature. A book printed from type or stere-ftt*t^ij ^1 iB ii iawian iwrms rather to enjoy his sne-Cmrvaialr/tke eonUnmlaUd lis tutraga as perpetrated in Brownsville on the morning of thewbich I think ar* antitled to credit, Uie Commission-they had unlformlT conferred upon blm;altbooshonsertionofappropriate relievoe,it isjusttoe same wito engraving bank platesbyPost ornoBAppoiBTaaai Orrrca, Jan. «*;iTMJ ^much firmnc-is and composure,ing When the gallows was pro-given towns, to different States of the Union.ed from ths beam,«ilh an expression of countenance to wnlchcu-decessor ordered the particular location ScBCBuiKxa,he ih» 11 re.il give••Stipbsbs.dulysay before tbe performance of this duty ttone of only audiblebuck the mind to the times, when tooAll the tmproremente of late years bare pretendedm'lstStates.SvXPBXBB answered In a voloj to pome threeuponof Christ 1died for me. My kind spiritual advlserifaclrttaied The manner in whicn toe General Banking law of New-'ifork Stateincendiaryrenders himseUUabte to a heavy fi?*."*'S22iri5":. " I Btand here as a sinner, but through the blood;united In one great rational sentimenthas door to counter-amsaved. Iof mr own, but to toe merita;don't standof of Ktogs ouQUOn and Vorktawn were uttered wUh eqaalThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069their labor ;:havtoycensorshipOWtnothiBgmore.Mr. KxATr then advuiced, and ta an agitated toaea— —aad arar tea tboosaadthe coffin. It teifeit, saying, coolly, Somebody iU" To- about serrn uoon it. In toe unit Stepusbsob, and he likewise furnished day I was told by a man of property and standing, pictures systeawas made of rosewood, ai,d b%d a silver plate with confosjoo would be reduced six serenths." toatbesoldabillofg20,whichbadbeenprosoiincedvent the adoption of such a system as I have pr»- [ their bits and preparing to start off in liberties were achieved by great exertions and prostration. The subsequent history of this fearful A large Police force had been detailed from most of same, aitd carry it out thoroughly, nothing would so poced." By abandnnlBg the use of dies, mv esca^A* Obot Is turning rigorous summersaults in the **Good,"andchaeis.l Therewillalwaysbe.Inafreecaairal alaie, whirltng round so fast in the air as to like countryand theIn conclusion, I will reconstruct the aeateaoa "is ekdklsg his buskins to hold on with prehensile feet to tks If«w-JeraaT mule and the Illinois pony—bothbut there is a spirit of patriotism that bums in our hearts that will not yet be eitlogushed. [Cbeeis.l Our land is a i^na of freemen, our1 trust in Heaven we shall ever remain so. [Cries ofed by the basest methods to destroy not only her owncharacter, but that of her younger sister. In Ihe mean-time, In August, I8S7, Mrs. SoraiA Stsfhssb, Ids wife, the inscription, James Stephens, died Feb. 3, 1860, badtUaofdefy all MentUcallon of bis features. Jsrca R. Rioas and a great variety of interests, which must necessa- was apparently taken siek, and in a few days suffered aged 39 yt-ajs." In the afternoon the tiody was In- know ing the fact, passed it on a BteamboaLrily prevail;Intensely,with brief intervals of convalescence, fol-ours, diversityopinion,glO,purchaser,quoted by Mercator" from my last article. ^Xamestablishment in toe country will do its best to pre-Icig. nlaiito Boman toga, his left hand pressed orer jou do f Would you throw it away, or would you ball of fire" in her chest, rolling to and fro,STEPHENS NOT A CLASS-LEADER.Nivr-Yoax, Alubstiixt Paisobaos,Feb. 1860, Friday, 3,Ike Editor 0/ tke yeiB-Tork Timet:)jfrom its original 'denomination, or paper not a binkbill but made in ihe uimiltude thereof, or paperto be tbe bill of a bank which never exiited.sphuArlplorwtrintge or stamp upon all such counterfeit bills the word "ooun-FOLITICAI>.FIUCX ADMIinSTKATIOir ATTACK OH BOX,UshbHtiUi light extended and holding a scroll—in try it over again ?"""I would pick and burning her wherever it went. Sometimes it ap- tba WriMoial attitude of the Great Expounder. tbe flint and try it over." [Cheers.] Now, if any- peared aa if the could almost touch It with iter finger••ajh^Aaq^ "or altered1 think no previously, on two occasions, purchased considerableaat>rWpreparedso written officer, bvUnAalshed Statue."OMaMatay kas been experienced from the absenceor And if a bank orbbeainkg stamped.fh*united. Discoroant States [Cheers.]1man in his sober senses can agree to any sacb propo- afBHiMlF. CuiEi Mr. Booocx harlngto call the sition. [Cheers.) I tell you bow there never was awhich the Aboilttonlits hare been eomialtttagaa writes upon or stamps a bank bill which is not a coun- toe section of tbe cotmtry to which htf'heloaga. lyNay," said he,n"have any bad feelings against Southern men, [cries ofj»«iftf Ae door, and then the prerlous qnps'Jon is against Nbrlbera men. [Cheers. A Voici—"What that ofaooacb-builder, and he was employed in themimmt by Gaow—extra Wnxux Smith, of Tirgtnia, about Har))er'a Ferry ?"] Never mind Harper's Ferry. coach and stage manufactory of Mr. Suraiasos in "is justly considered not merely as the most memorable event to our own but as one of ths most im-iMW^iair, tnalatlng that he had a speech ichich must [Cries of Put iiim out"] My fiiends, that is a nine Twenty-eighth-street, near Foorth- avenue.and treason. would votemafonr, a Blajcakof day's wonder. My friends, it always belobnegsato the republican instltutiona, that there must great VMaiiaalcetathat the Republicans, yesterday crcn- variet; of public opinion upon all questions, and ourhistory,the part of the year 1 850, his wife's portant evente in toe history of the world. The blrto r» Ike Editor oftke Keie-"Tork Timet :coafnrefcoernt events, or who would not oBpappoosbetta- any office,k* ialliiiiiiil before any rote is had. Smstoxlag, °a^ agreed to an adjournment on the under- only security is to bear and to forbear, and the relatiTes in Ireland, communicating their suspicions,Duringtwo nieces, Sernu and Fakkt Bsll, wrote to theirm alac. Saaaaa 8. Hecstoa protests that no such uader- caoruentcioyt. im[bCruieeds woift"hGood," and cheers.] thAenred ifs wneo natural causes. The consequence of this communi- patriotic feelings,ataadlavwashad,andthenMoiais,ofIllinois,In- hopeforthestabilityofourcoimtry.[Cheers]But cationwasthearrivalinNew-York,InJulyofthatfVymankind than had ever been establshed inA uniform system of bank notes was proved to be Unien, and particularly of dtheeadlSyouethaermny Stalaa,aiata (kat flie gag-law shall be faithfully enforced. Tha'iMly tiootde Is that Wx. Suth has certain unde-of their brother, Robxxt Bxu, who shot at Srs- PHXHS, in broa'd daylight, in the street, was arrestedRepublican PartyeoBspiredumy faith is this, that we all love our country, and that we will ab"ide by her destiny for good or for evil. [Cries of Good," and cheers.]be New-England States, and the New-York Bank Department on its first organisation, but by toe StateciUzensthe Blackhasadmita toe tolef toto hU Bastarddifferentforttned in Greenwood, alongside the grave which had Massachusetts has p&ssed a law requiring bank may rely upon it, toat every bank-note engrartagviews,by good autoority,officers 10 stamp bad bills so as to stop their cucala-jtOBURi and MALuax are now costuiaing themselres tblr.g is done wrong in th"is country, a little time will in her throat. The symptoms of poisoning were Stipbxbs was not a class-teader In the Twesty- a"nwodrtuhploenssa;l"l such ,.thoeerrebtie'lstoaendnapmaepeorfs the word make It right—[cries of Hear, hear," and cheers]— auding tbe litnk.TIB OATIS.1b tlyi flleaksreom, and will issue out presently attired because we have a national feeling and a national every Jay stronger, and in every respect, as was seventh-street Methodist Church. He held no official and it litals of toe ofilcer bj which the wrlttog or stamp The Constitution, of Wednesday, devotes itaas ^^Coiilean Brothers. ManrAaB, of Tennessee, honor. [Criea of " Good," " That's so," and cheers.]proven bythe evidence at the trial, theysituation to that church, as I have reason to kno w, is mads.leadtog column to a fierce attack on Hob. H. Wo-Tsa Davis. In It the : appears following paragraph] l»«ife«t> m war dance in the character of a Mohl- and Hiu, of Georgia, will be unrelled byWhenedbeing pastor of said church during 1857 and 1858. THOS. C. OSBORN.THE liEXINGTON HONUHENT.orceding stctioD. snail foifeit and pay the fall amount of1 beard the national air placed as you came In here to-night, it went to my heart, and I said as long as our national songi remain, this country will becorrespond- arsenic. He allowed her no foodSicTioB 62. Any bank neglecting or refusing to writely buried,Aye* aid Maya on rarloos questions. In order to gain greater mistake than to believe tbat Northern men believe that his guilty secret remained in Ills ownAddreaa of the Offlcera te the Feaple af the ITntted Statea.longttaa^jbi te absent man's return. At length he ap- " Good," and cheers,] or the body of Southern men breast. His tiade, we have neglected to state, was Feilow-Citizksste a Black HefmaUeaa placeyear,the transmutation of Colonies, recelvtog toe taw fromto-poisoning byuponstampprescritredin toepre-which was not qusntities of arsenic.and for a"qaetttog wito Abolitionism, and palUattng taa eat-early,of a new member toto tbe great family ofwith political institutions more favorable, as ws be-and powerful State, must certainlyYour Mercator" misunderstands correspondentby himself, having After her death she was hasti-Mr. WtBTXB Davis has tieea for some time eh'time Stxpans had reason tome. Please permit me, once for all, to give a few that ao debate should be in order this mom- suength of our institutions depends upon love of that tbe death of their aunt did not take place from lieve, to the rights and happtoess of the masses of short teste of explanation.son wbo deserves to be drtraa Aoat tha home he has betrayed. By indoralBjr Black RepsMl- caniim he becomes tha most af thevalofad dietorlcal resources—certain amazing sword- I thank you for the high comoliment wtiich I feel\ feats—which he wishes to air before the you have t>eBtewed upon me by this visit. 1 am glad ball. The facte elicited on Ms examlnatioa caused lican Confederacy. An event like this, which, at ths economize to toe same manner.more crtmtoal toan the thief himself. The man who will not defend hte boeae aad kindrediannworthy of toename. The man wlio wlH eowr if pilUidfar,im- duct tke committion of the act oftreadtrf, the cdoae Is more de-blidfaiifportance, bv tha experience of more than eighty yearsten-fold blacker,spicable."coBTiarioit or coNgntTATms in rhod«occasions. Hon. Sabcxi. Ccaar of Providence waschosen President, and HsMar CaASSAti. Secretary.On toe chair, Mr. CoasT made a brief speech. takingImdleaee now collected in the galleries. the House is organized. If this organization had been the arrest of on a SrsfKiBB,of Us murderingnot vindicate tiis rtdtrations ofJiUky gain,of Ohio, at this point leaps upon the effected by the selection of any other gentleman, per- wife. Her1-economyto the Banks inproductogor cmatimuit wouJd hare been better, but be assured I will endearor to discharge tbe arduous duties of the hightxidygrave,hapsSie Tiber, dressed as Horatlns, and resolredto daAad th* tawen of the Repablican Rome againstXaar' raaawii. dad in homespun, from Virginia. can, and to preserve this glorious Union Intact. The contente of the stomach were subjected toto existence.contained bis wife's remains.lowed towards the end of the month, b/ complete The arrangements of the Sheriff were admirable. tion and it would ;seem if otoer States could do theqoestion t>elDg aa to which services of our fathers, and I believe no man in this tragedy can scarcely be forgotten. From day to day The lower Wards, and placed under tbe command of effectually cherk toeir circulation. I refer tlie Legis- lishment would suffer, in easy profits, as well as tha to aecnra a monopoly of the raluabla ri- generatloa will let this blessed inheritance go to Stxphxhb watobed the wo- Capt. Downi<o, subject to the Sheriff's orders. Al- lature of New-York, as well as the Banks in Massa- rest, but I can handle toe pencil and burto as waQda^'XiBKB.KsTiiouia is spreading a carpet in the pieces. [Cries of "No, no," "Never," and cheers] man, ministering, as it would seem, to her wants, thoughour in Ihe thceoyngwreergeatendotbropkreerss,, bank cashiers andwbooften constitute toe leadtog members ofaala engraving firms. W. L. ORHSBT.upon depc-git. or for redemption from any other bank, orfrom any persf.n, a counterfeit or ancurrent and worto-lees bank bill, or a bank bill wbich has been alcerei TiuxB are concerned, must cease wlU^ the abovefamous entertainment of bal- reo-bot pokers on the bare points of hishome to Kentucky, after having voted for theherin ids ownSECT10B6I. A bank wbich receives Id er payment,And if we do wrong at onetime, you rememtier theper- mitted to throng the srreete bounding the prison, so that tbe proceedings inside, as has been invariably the case heretofore, were not disturbed by their turbu-speculators,prealdeata.toft-lMlAcomer, upon which be means to lie downpaKjI^l^aaiB WaisTxa, and will soon arise on one 8£.y8 he, "my friend. If you wdeiraen'otut gouffn,nwinhga,t awnodulodn Suffered intensely, feeling, as she said, "a ptUllngthe trigger your gun goof Mr. Clat, tbat old pabiot, when he went saying Com-with all the zeal of a devoted husband, purchasingthe doctor tofollows, to wit:^ilMitaoribnnlnghlaaollC'MoMc Itoi^ !<> J- Pxaar, of Maine, Is dressing for the who said, Clat, you have done wrong." Well, attention of her nieces. For six weeks shepensation Law, on being addi eased by some old man, " "see tieronlypreseoce,andjealousof thelence and ribaldry.and preparingmedicines, allowing[This controversy, so far as toe columns of thaearly neigbb-rhood,ckusetlB, to the provisions of chapter 57 of the new re- vision of toe Siatotes, section 61 and 62, which are as;sav, say it now. if you are guilty, eoafoss it ;coBUlBing and of it will be fumishoiplrotpoostehde monument, copiesofficers of the Sssnciatloo and other agents through-ODt tbe to be delivered to all persons who country,shsil contribute the sum of (5 or more to the erec- ttonoftbemoanmenLEDWARD EVERETT, Presldsat CBAxias HuBsoa, Corresponding Secietary,COCNTERFEITIMQBANKBO^B.VIEWS OF BANK OFFICER. AIW l*« Sdutr of the Ntw-Tork TSmes:toeir fires at alLI oisintalB tbat notbtog but a radtoal chaogaaf tt*entire appearance and mode of aaafaatiie of aar banknoitstan render ujeUti tke maUrimlmUekimm-heThe Sberlff, assisted by Mr. Gso. W. Isaacs, thenadjustedway o.,JiA?r,',w"""K*"'hattoereabouldbeareadilyrea-°'""^'"*buiy^ follow?BOW TO A&MIBIBIXB TBS BAaXIBS lAWa.1. The Supertotendent betog "aatboriied aad la-to the '."excliimsd,terfntir, nwto whom this duty had been assignsd, tbe rope wasBOt levered in the usual way with a blow of the hatchet, but was slowly run off from the cleet which anam free to aadually until bis body was elevated about four coonteifeller Is confess toat toe iklll of the paper, wailtlhawioadtearofmaerofucDat,erteltailnlg thbe»%kceasnt asoa<iecnmrascoavnlsive throes became and culation of counterfeit"If there be any merit in patent green UatS," ar iatbeat the expiration of the eighthwehakderen,tire- theymoney insUiuted inquiries as to toe bestThey haveof a farmer named Bxii, a man in respecta-ble circumstances. Her two nieces, SormA andFabst Bsu., came subsequently, at her invitation,from Ireland to New-York, and resided with her InStefbirb' family, earning their own living honorably some minutes more, when it was low- dividuallyceased. After thebodyhungeleven minutes,departmeiM. Bcu4 All baski ttaa'I htve the /arr of toeir •'aa designed,engravedandprintedinconformltrwiththa ered upon a sack and examined by the medical men. different renomlnatlons, and executed to toe very best rules of the llepartnent in regard te toe back et the UK. PKNSINGTON. mony on the trial, It appeared that, in the early part Tbe only change cisjernible wasasligbt discoloration style. No plates have cefied alterations like the steel sfiae. viz.; toat eodt tfenommafaoa shall liii 11111' 111 ijiaaiA SPEECH FROM THE NEW SPEAKER.tte);«TUlB Treaaory Notes, while others glre * Hon. Wm. PsNiiiBaTOB, the new Speaker, was ser- of the year 1857, STxrans commenced to treat his of the face anu neck. The physicians say that al- plates ol Piaxras ; not tbe stereotype plates, but those design and ergravlog wito toe lettering Interwurs^tbe nerk was not dUlocaici, as is usually thefi^tMltlcal stgalteation, and suspect that enaded at WiUard's Hotel, Washington, on Wednes- wife badly, and to pay improper attenti 00s tehsr elaer though Tills lack of executed In a similar style for psrtlcular banks, hav-&c. A competent sbeald be terole into Inspector appototel earrrcase, Tetdealh resulted very quickly. tog distinguishing and unalterable characteristics.this effect.rtkl* city. Is laying p^s for a ticket to day evening. In response to load calls, he appeared niece, Sophia. His wife was many years older than vitality Dr. Covit attributes to SraPBsas' enervated One of toe most effectual checks to the clrcuUdon It will be readily seen that a eoonterfeiter ailiht bafItaMtonBn^AMiaand Tdlix,asthePres- andmadethefollowingspeechhimself, and be was heard to wish her"condition, he having suffeied much from sickness since his incarceration.out of the k Vie* of a SoDthetn Jemsalem. At any rata " 1 am rery much tnaebled to you, my friends, for way," and refused to walk with her, or be seen withof counterfeit bills Is to deface toem. toduced to produce toe plates engraved liccorotogla Thereis aia- I1 makee an excellent prayer—the crusibUng theI of Asia figoiing largely In the foreground night. When wa hear a national air.^t always satis-as his reason that at him, and called b^ his mother. of tb tuoeatlon. belief in ibe doctrine that the time is near at hand or His attentions to his elder niece preceeded to a;risit that >ou bare made to me this her In themeniably lax tone of moral sense In some men, (and I toe first toree rules, provided toere was bo other dif- The ShetifTs Jury having certified to Stspbsxb' have been surprised at toeir number,) who tnd toem- ficulty Involved because when once done for oaa death, tbe tK>dy was delivered Into the custody of selres with a bad bill. Their seems bank they -would answer for all. But the fourto rulepleasingfies me that we belong to one cuuntry, and f have no people laughedpublic streets, alleging"caught — reasoningto be, 1 took U for good It must go for me same ;" or, as one man, who claims to be honest and respect-Tka fray* orer.a roll-call of the whole equestrian can be, that we aie to be separated. c\ Voice— length,Itoevblaetltnled, andtt is found that many of the " Three cbeers lor tbe Southern Confederacy !" criminal, and being foiled in ills design, he endeavor' of his arrest on the charge of murder. These gen- And I have known men take a bill pronounced coun- toe confusion complatoed of by Mercator" artsaa—" We are one and aSennntte performers are absent. Meantime Gaiu- Another Voice Dry up."] people,BiRnirr- Smitb. Fss and four of the Piabo,would btm to do as an amount of laher require greatMessrs.woikmen employed In Mr. Stiphssbob's coach fac-for every stogie counterfeit he produced, which labor would not be available in a subsequent one. Agala*that, but for her resistance, would have been tory, where Stzpbihb was also engaged at the time able, expressed it, " Buy toe Devil—sell aim;The American Eevolutionbemost momentous occurrence. It is nothing less thaninsecure, not only by PsBxcrs' Instereotypeplates againstthelives,properties,andtnteresteofwhoaatherefor, taken before Justice Waisa, and released on goveintog States, united mto an Independent Repub- than thirty branches, and by all otoer State banks thatGreenwoodCemetery,on the 23d ofand the criminalchargewas exhumed from themomentof sin September, 1853,mm The Conservatives of Rhode Island held a Coa- vention to Howard Hall, Proridenee, on Wednesday, to nomiiiate candidates for State officers, and the Qaab be, the she (meaning Help- dial greeting, said the labor of that day had resulted among tbe viscera. Stephens was indicted by the political progress, must be toe toterest which attaches If the engravers use a set of dies te stamp the transaction of the usual bustoess attendant on sachXxtraWniuii groweth wrathy, and keeps the Hoor arith aat praiseworthy patience and persererance. " wolf's Utter the[Cheers]Mr. Shzehas was loudly called for, when he ap-to a chemical analysis by Prof. OosiHt;s, and a large quantity of arsenic was found, after that long period,In proportion to the msgnltude of toe event itself,as the stalling point in the history of Independent will be toe same to toe counterfeiter to imitattog America, and in its relations to the general caus* of toem.to wliich I have been elevated as best I exactly one year, to a day, after her death. of on the of the States thus luhered position just prosperity, partTbat which is easy, economical, speedy, and profit-and after thanking them for this kind and cor-er-Boa) alrad saragely at bay, but will ye dare to gloiiously ill the election of a Republican Speaker. Grand Jury, and tried in March, 1859. The revela- to every roarhed siage of toe Revolution, and es- fidla'w If Kxlra clears the way ?" This heroic atti- Notwithstanding this fact the nation was safe. A Re- tions of that memorable trial were fully reported at pecially to Its opening scenes. When a great move-tndaiaaot appieeiated by either side—the Republi- **publicanHe was convicted and sentenced to be hanged, but his counsel, Mr. Abh-ment has once commenced in the political as in the — —peared,had been elected Speaker, and the price of cotton was worth from ten to twelve cents, and hetcugh to physical world. Us continuance its increase under platesdifierent combination, to stamp toe Bank, toe temptation to countar-the time, and cannot t>c forgotten.otoer toines he deprecated toe sympathy ex-known or for Ite own circuta- dicted toat defeat would come to tha Repubilcaaattention of the civilized world, has gatoed immeastuably In im-occurrence, arrested theThat which istoeir origtoal bills will be economy to the cottoter- feiter to imitattog toem.prouucedprayers. Stspbibs Umself several times led the de- deemed the effect of mere local partiality on their image-venders would soon flood toe country wito^ The three latter nomtoaUons are toe same aa taaThe list was adopted. Alter the adop- Republicans. and a of sometion of a series of resolutions, speechlength by Gen. C. C. Vas Zabot, toe meeting ad- journed to meet at toe polls on the first Wednesday latheatreonApril19.1775. Ontoeirsoilthe colonies. The tidings of toe oppressedColonies rushed to the fieldof New-Voik -'resolved to the most explicitspring hasthusbeenfitly com- because New-JerseyEnglandhe to stand or fall wito the liberties of tbe Continent;" and scattered over the coimtry.;toe first themuntilhewasescortedtothegallows,preserrlag srotwheretoeirfathersTsoheIdnstuoretfhierstsubclcoeosdsofthoe cmoauxnnterf,efiotrtwoteiiwcohrltodeetvoerreastaowrwashung.Itoccuvrerreyd•The Cincinnati Gazette the following:ance with theculprit's desire,the of a monument designdressed toe foliowtog letter to ther i-«iT'« Caxix. Hardy Co., Va.,, Ohio, :hut in this entltltdto the hccoi!" of that day— symbolizing teifeitlngSix: Hon. Mr. VAitAHBiOHAB hM toUUBaUtedlo i-AMlnactton which awaits that Illinois promoted by prominent Mexicans, and, In fact, by no feeling In the matter, and died at peace with all creditable to American art, and In harmony wito the otype plstea Is easily^ reproduced. A bank note, toe Postmaster-General a copy •<»'«d^a"ta•«^F»'S»Sa"rmany oadals.both military and clrll, raaidtnt In men. national feeling. .... prtoted fro_m a steel plate' which was engraved by to have been addressed by yon, underMaumoras. Tke galtows—ths same one upon which fourteen Such, fellow-citizens, is toe work which It is pro- means of dies la no more difficult 10 reproduce. Such December laf t, to toe editor of the B«'«»J"if5~!E I Us Immolation like a man, sitting I hare been Informed (I think nUably) that proof criminals had previously met their death-had been poseo to erect to commemoration of toe 19th of April, a plate la only an engraver'e etereotypepUte. A book a newspaper published in Dayton, O., ta wniea yw»MB( fact Ikmt Cort.nteegas-I am no tnfoTMy2»*^iU longer permitted ''f^^^irfalwhich SrsrasBS had been confined.To reach It. ths Revolution. For an conceived in a spirit enterprisereproduce. plate engraved bytoe kand of aa artist.Postmaster,great has been which he mani- of LextogtonHave to you aaythingPar .ImasterIt Is thus seen that tha Poatmaaterof who the RodeomenBenntoxtoo,;tha Press will have toeir bandsfull.UntySaratoga, and PrincetonitledDoncumentportion toeshall liquJshoulder to shoulder to the fieldwhen all heartawere Concord and Dunker Hill merit names of Lexington.administeredfeiters by lesseningdenomtoatlona alikeUWs die of toe Stat* anas, wUeh appears;;Nations,Black Republican wito all his might aad raua, ta aaany lasrgae regardedthose wbo had been admitted to the toterest, we conQdently rely upon toe sympatoy of I canInside, preve^nted States. the present die systemexecution from crowding the ofliclais too closely, aad our brethren thro;ighout toe United Every over In one day. Under the system I advocate I SlaveiT. They wlU hergrafwr beandrKam.; m^aft ayea at tto diamayed deaerters in his mIemUd ty Cortnta to accompany and aid kim in Us«wB raahS4 amfeaa bis month with his band toeoD- Jorav upon BrsKmsviUe. The Comralisioneri are also Precisely at 9H o'clock Srspuiss was led out of hU fits ofwthoiechgieraetceisvyesdteimts solemn self-govetrhna-t much for " Mercator's" InstouaUon about my pecuni- ^Tpostmaster^Ceneral dlre^" °; % rtS"ta«'^labMh Ub baiAIa at ereiy cut given by men, which were enlisted hisbeing by authority, loert$500kept a way clear for tbe passage of tha procession. citizen of the Union has aofn Reqouabl'.sihcarne to the bens- could not earn as much to a month's hard labor. Sothat CoamiA Ijaslong kept his band together on this side of theand a was formed, which passed ment Inaugurationary motive."Mercator" refers me to tbe remarks of the Banktoat this Is Bota correet constructioByour Slate on this sHUiecU (S ''^'^a'erSSLd^the latter kaew that thcie verymake,have(during the time he cell,processionre- slowly around to the place of execution. At Its head day,and we would fain enllit the cooperation ofwalked Justices Cobhoili and Stises. Immediately every citizenshed at Leitogton on the 19th of April, Superintendentin bis lastviz.ariyp«r/>cWarn«ri5»<vn-»>«">'"Stale aulkorUies to be >'^^*r[z/_A,««1ah!srying Rev. Mr. Ksapp from everyavengedme,"hemaysay,Inthe!f" 5^L.°.' "^''•'nla, has now the floor, and de- ico, and that tke Goeemnunt of Mexico shoiild he held and Mr. ^IBBia. Special Deputy sheriffs, each younger encouracenier.t will reach us In this of his predecessors understand toe subject. He evi-d,^snot, tkereforMeb,ef,.Uo^f^^^^Tbe ABsocisUonCounterfeittog, which has existed for some years tocalledtoeConUnenttoarms. Maywenothopethatone not of the old Ttiirteen, but of public more easily deceived." The Bank Supertotea-;au the use of one on all BOlaament. under the laws of the United toerefbre, who undertake to excrclaeterftlt."a|.on all such altered bills the wordsltered,"any bill or bills, asthe bill or bills allowed to pass withoutuponmii-tske or inadvertence, and notsoterfeit, or altered, or wortoless bill, such bank ahaU be liable to pay to toe holder ite value on dfmand.ragesANOTHER LETTER FROM MR. ORMSBY. HOW TO 8DFPRI8S COrBTEKrZII B-ASE BILU.he had torlted Jsas BaowB to croas tbe bordar with bis guas and pikes, and other Impiemeate of asaidar The Southern arho. tha faceThe servanta Monarchical Power beyond the Atlantic, toto self- Bank of Ohio, toat uses one set of plates for more house is, if possible,able to toe engraver, tom&nufacturtog origtoalbills,plates for one Bank, and toen use toe same dies,afor anotherItpurpoaaa now aet quest oonterfeila. Aa to late lmptfnm»at»—tmprqjeciSrVre lotoVdTheold Laatoe e.of bankand toeir reporU show toat uniformity of style Is not um "be ongbt toemplor tbea.again."Uf men had been sent to receive the remains by Mr. " will take mainly from toe fact that each note lias 00 an areragafraudulently,wlUHassschaaetts, waa ladaoart to bare a new aat ttones,to srery citizen of ground 4al-ofDepartBeatlorifniiiwweriiiiijTAmongpressedIf the State Bank, Boston, has a aet of plates mads England wito the malefactor JoHii Bsowx, and pre-perlectIliBBY Waso Bxxcbixshould learn Bekohsb's own speech by beart.one man can lio anotoer can Imitate."In toe present system of note engravtog a cottoter-Thepublicfeiter rarely engraves anything.and materials are,a beaatiful pouait, was actually engraved to the ofllce of Dah-pictures uponit, and one of toosepieces—an aasoelatton lihprovement to toe constnicdon of a bank-note, to toethe execntiim woold coextensive wito toe Unioa. They have. In tlte next pievent a repetition of the same thtog, to over one United Bretoren, published at Deadiytornhundred years.Mr. artist, corridor upon which open tbe cells that are wito success, embodies the spirit of theplace, pioctiredo'clock, at that hour the long nativebyg;itt,(jr«Mhp<Bg that "the BepteientatlTe from theniiiilliipfllaliliil in Ohio" glres a rote for an ladors-er sf Ihat law ! Ksni also announces that the Speak- who came down with a riew to investigationa twieh- by murderers was crowded with those who were to day which it ia intended to commemorate not doing til ct pictures. To this same fault must be ascribed, tofoim you that, as portmaster Itake place etaUp Is not to be huckstered outer bargained away ing the disorders prevalent In this region, are now In wlteess theafterD*Ua writes as Messrs. Tatms andunder date of Jan. 21ELabhatt BiLLiKOB, a dlsttoguisbed occupied which, greatThesetwo casesfollows,:provethsNavaxxo, CommissloasrsMr. Eni^x-S^'s^f thtok It dueIsooncarrying9thai toe fault of our notes lies In their being formed of many separate and dis-AoM into effect of the law's seateaoe. homage to any one individual— for no Indivi.lual is in my (tpinion, ninety-ntoe-hundredths of toe coun- mltted to deUver your paper to s"aIbs"oTMrlb'er"sylgaltKot!eliimself ?lie bought by any one ? A stereotype plate Is no safer. g•inta Postmaster:tawrerdently had to his mind some vague Idea of unlfonaity,w iihout knowtog toat his predecessors tried it twice,spened wider too:„i,, chereetsr, it •prisonprofesaloa,1 doiny work—nowmunicatlon.—Ed.](:;UaAoaaredgtooad. Oalr tbieas were lasned, when akraj.roteto toe Speaker's Chair, lie has betrayed the SeathhisA jiASSACuusi!:'rrs cashibb. into the hands of her enemies just aa aaneh as ifunwortoyyeeterxlavwhpown honor U unlit to lire.VFor SctTstary 0/ State—JoHB B. BAXTi.in,ol Prori-„ for General TrearureT—Suav. A. Paxkis, of Near-port. ^know toat one so worthily triedall the nobler elementa of manhood, will honorany position, and toe great body of our people regard bis success with the pleasure and satisfaotloaWewhichover itplimented in the person of tbe Representauve fro"!own has reeeivaa this District, and because our city"Teletcope. a paper representing theto sbacrihers to thta coBuaunity. "paper »° ".^rfbeiamade. toe rlews your* does upon "Jlj-'to holding committed » ^>a—=r!infinitely„ of. „Set,t.-who know toe unswervingthjU^'•'SS'Sby f?"';ofhis mendallycross tothereCtocUa-www.fultonhistory.com 