 •Iafight or two among themselves, and occasion- I Pacific Railroad, and to a naval force for the clared that in bis own State there were really Four of the Aldermen most notorious in the Ja- By iLe arrival of th) overland pony express at letser black republican orgin in ffiis city, they ally get into the hands of the police. Toe lat- Jprotection of American Interests in Central only two parties—those who were in favor of panese affair /have been re elected; and from Port Kearny yesteTday morning, we have advlcei and other leading members of the party took ter gentry, however, are either very thick with America. Everything is swallowed up in this Immediate seoe£sion and those who desired to the list of Coanctlmen it is impossible to select the "sports" or very much afraid of them, as awful question of disunion; nor, henceforth wait for a short time to see whether any new more than three or four individuals of any ca- the number of times they are arrested bears until this question is settled, oneway or tbe guarantees would be presented for safety. He pacity or fitness for the position. The same is a reiy small proportion to the sum of occasions other, can we expect anything ehe for tbe added that, in bis opinion, if something of this true also oi the members of the School B srd. when they deserve it country's government to command the atten- kind was not Immediately done, Congress Now what are to be the consequences of this,^fffotirned- oat to dissolution, as apprehended by saaay well informedINEW roll* dERflLO,TIr.MOBtfBii:<t' fttt^ *•«police on serious charges, has come to • steaaaj ssjhai aaBs^Ba^axA^ssmtaasBcsaa ski ief for a comparatively alight offence. This •aaavjwaMsaav avw» JI u. HI^JJJI t * > " - * a -on the old principle, give a dog a bad | • lafpsja as*,Ac, and U Should sjarre as a warning to It hi with great pleasure we refer to the ac-tion of leadinc Union men in New Jersey, who rake of the fancy men like Mulligan. " have Issued a call for a aaasa essawaastfssi to beNEW YORK HRRALD. omen ». w.than were laaJi-d L*rt dur! ig the corrc spond Ing pericd of the pr*view jear . The b.tlanve of ike commiitatloa foad at preheat aa<t nts toI $10,142 02.f i e Btituitioa into the death of Patrick Kelly,yonr.g men who think It a fine tbing to 'oliowiter wil 1 give the "governing classes' niugan. « 1Mt on thai 1th of aaf^UMBr<*v«^*<* *»»«•* <*AfflMa?avtf SVHaAOM(Utf A4da.eluded «taterda#, before Coroner Horton, whenthe jury returned a verdict that Eel!j met his de*t<iat the hand of McCauley. The aceuaad denied the eeercton U ot:t of the question. The charge. He eras committed to a rait the action of letter is long, tat it will be attantiT«rjbint,totheJ'm^Jjujigm•rasentalswsswawtarsiMfaitfthe | effect that they cannot have everything theirown way, and will teach theas to walk g^ScUasteirsaTtht - -move at the North Uhone to see it followed uo immediatelyThe danger isthere is not a moment to be lostStates are to hold theirmonth, to decide upon8cuth Carolina .leads the way on>awf 1 While she is making active armedto maintain her Independence, and the true of Georgia and other Southern States.In,' *^,T * » DAIIT m.UMM WtULTstraighter than before.Ai to Mulligan* very extraordinary state- \-ffffl!JF^^80^wl^'i •*WP-1M':^^ wa^^ssya'^afw'aw^w^swwaajsr''•••ft • - S3 p** * • " 'i' 1*1 rr»l» p*r espy, •r S&te> OTwawf ifthe Grand Jory.The prize fight between John Wooda and GeorgeKing, so long discussed In pngfllstic circles, and so frequently interrupted or postponed, took place yesterday moraiag hi the neighborhood of Boll's Ferry. Woods was the victor, by a "foal'' fiail on the part of Kmg. after a contest of fifty five oaada, lasttag one hoar and fifteen mnntc. Woods, though receiving conwderable brnking, concluded almost every round by knocking doom or thro wing his adversary, he pojtee did not get aflnd of the affair, and it was, in eonsequenee. not interfered with. William O'NeQ, of Worcester, Maas., and Michael Fria, of Providence, fought a prize fight for tl,000, near Portland, Me.. onMmday. After apluckycontestoffourhoursandtwentyminutes, Frits received a foul blow from his adversary, and waa declared the winner.In the Court* of Oyer and Terminer yesterday an application was made for a writ of habeas .corpus with a view to compel Hie District Attorney to bring to trial or admit to bail Ed win Jeffords, who is in prison charged with the murder of Messrs. Walton and. Mathews. The writ waa granted, re- turnable this morning. The Court then proceeded with the trial of Charles D. Morr'usett, indicted lot murder in the first degree in causing the death Jean Baptiste La Bochelie.The wills of Joseph M. O'Connor and A Tucker were admitted t •» probate yesterday. Th< contain no bequests of any interest to the public, nor do they distribute much property.The general feamrca of the cattle market remain in the same unsatisfactory condition as last weak, and prices continue to rule low for all sfiMMxccptnotwithstanding. Ai to wh*t isman c*n telL Much dapeatte oaoaof the CongrasetoaaJ C^aiinitWao/llBnaafthroe.ment with regard to the Broderlck wlO, wo presume the toutestants will take measures to ascertain tow much truth, if any, there Is in it. It the will was forged -It beam date the day before the Senator left New Tork for San Francisco the last time- there moat be other witnesses than Mulligan; if not, there yet re- mains a way to secure bis evidence through A pardon, which might be made out a day or twopftf-t or ttfrranc:-AALT A*m H!tT CI.i *Six Southernlalauae XXVqniet until an mtion haf been yet be well. CAcnot ba expected I oant party in the. sullen, iA*USAWA»T8 rei* rapn minuf «**nnan.W'*T aR J A A D B O \BOWCK'V VHBA V AB. •mmuii iaouraWAKi.4<.'e"eSS.TS.LA (TEAl i r i * KtS'fKJW« n BOWKKk e • HAIL-DIM* C"norThis fact willpublic will expect some rich developemente other States have stipulated to follow her lead, ItalmmerFe wealth fts Inthemeantime.Mulligan,thoughsentencedto thentheactofrevolution on herpartassumes its large population, toe fateiiajgBfBw the State Prison, remains In the Tombs. Why t people, its Batioaal cawraeter, andbe over estimated. It to Ham the first devoted of the interests which Mage upon TBEPBXSTDKIJTOKOrrr.FoKrcsRELATTOSS—regimentthatassaultsafortress-ithas despe- NewTort, in the present polliceSAHtrrwa A«aaiu*ji awsxan, tlM, A*affairs, our relations with foreign governments,from England and France to China and Japan,are oheeriDgly represented in the President'sMessage as of "the most friendly character."There is much to console us in this, that atirast in the midst of our present overshadowingdomestic tronbles and dangers we have no ap-parent cause to fear, should disunion be preciooBservative character of her peopleThe South Carolina Convention, as we havesaid, mseta in twelve days; the Florida Convention in a fortnight after, on the 3d of Janu- country, ehe will have a \ romtnent part toary. In four daya more two State Conventionsmeet on tbe same day—Alabama and Missis-sippi—on tbe 7th of January; on the the next 1nvAf.y•<«Afrenin,1IO'* ITT A <:A*P,I.'mdv« i.- *TR10PtJJIArt oi.<in rijjuirjP i t t a Bvm.i.iwaim a*k*a maariou. mt*k»% •«a. OAKOH, ~AW-play and a large share of suffering to endure. Tbe assessed property within the city ia real and personal estate asaounte to six bundled• • « • i n r k TkeareetaY*, Oaeeasa S a w a .6. lAOO.pitated upon tut, it will involve a hostiledescent apon our seaboard of European fleets Convention in Georgia, on the :<ch of January. amour.t to tea millions a year; the youth to beof bombarding gunboats. Sow, all these are sovereign conventions of educated do oot fall far short of a quarter of athe people, regularly called by the Legisla- million, at an annual expeiftftorre of nearly a But bow, at this crisis of disunion, are we to tures, with one exception, and possessing high-•tccount for the reiteration by Mr. Buchanan of million of dollars, and the population, com- er powers than the Legislatures themselves, bining resident citizens and strangers, is neverhi? recommendation of 1S58 and 1859 "in favor Tbeie is an idea prevalent at the North that less than a million of souls at any one time. oftbeacquisitionofCubafromSpainbyfair becausetheyareconventionstheyareoflittleOtJWt.-rtt.<ui-w«i«u .—n*yiflas,iriaR»a«tr.'North-*^^^ righttie of theJ where thereient of secession., the real bat- would be f.-tight in the North, fifteen hundred thousand voters'2 ftUb'J-hnif>T>ti* iiarmedpolice latheborderslavecacepea. e the JT ventten of invasion of one State by clii;u r..- . f naother, and far the eHeleat exeoutioa of t!.o fugitive Slave law. t waa made the ape- claim il«r for Monday. Mr. Hale, of Hewshir then opened de*>ato on the impendinglambs,and10,910aa#e.wouldproceedtoresumethepowersdelegated•loraHfuturetime,"andthatitwould"proveingsareformidablejustbecausetheyaremeet-u Stat.», for the maintenance of generaltbe certain means of immediately abolishingam aadfe exporters, clcalBgon the basts of about 10 arise, and the free States be separated into halt Lot upon what bnpe does Mr. Buchanan resides ultimately In the people, solemnly as-riiw thelaipua b r a n c h w ^ P K e President's Independence. Compared to ours, their task is the nrpply or eetloa Is likely to fall materially betow thatNor is the movement confined to the sixupon no other basis than the perpetuity of tbe purpose; and the people of Maryland desired Uoion could the President make up his annual to have the Legislature called, but the Gover-Message to Congress, he consistently reproduces nor refused to respond. What they may do in our domestic and -foreign relations as those of this contingency is no' yet determined. InTexas tbeHence this recommendation concerning Cuba, strong Union man, and whose term of office hasand hence his renewed appeal to the Senate for a year yet to run—declined to act in compliancetbe ratification of certain treaties, comprehend- with tbe wishes of tbe people; but they took ing important commercial concessions to us the power into their own hands, and calledII. Hark of England made an important movegene- i! activity in the money mark it. Breads;u8swhich toil cot, neither do they spin, and yet cember, "not a single slave has been im tbe nomination of the secessionists—obtained a but little even there, that we aero e k e a a g a•»»•No body ef men since the woi a greater, a mora soieam Att< r>apona!b!llry ia itsIT the cotton Stateshad ortaut ttee.to keep the consU- upon. a|l may cotton Statesl»wA»iy.—Sowta.day a Convention is to be held in Texas, on millions; the commerce can be counted bythe 8th of January; and on the next day alter a•"•ffT*\U I': Sem'e yetttfcrday Mr. Powell, of Ken- strictly prime, which were firm at previews rates. t l K i . T ! .t'd that so orach of the President's Hes- Mitch cowa were plenty and dull. JRals werefag? a irUtM to the domestic troubles of the steady. H eep and lambs were not •••plenty, and COlLt'Vio referrettoasele>toomaiittee. The firmer, ywinewereashadelower,mthtolerably ninvinn was \i\i over'nuder the rate. Mr. Green, heavy receipts. The total receipts were:—5,172of Mi •u'\ I trodacd a resolution for the es- beeves, H3 cows, 536 eeJ(sJf|gPPbj sheep andtext for wholesale plunder, and wouldreceive large reinforcements of laborersmade reckless and desperate by hunger.Thusweshouldfindboththefederalandthelrcal governments altogether inadequate toprotectthelifeandpropertyofthepeople,who wouldresulttotheadvantageofbothcountriesLooking at ail these facte, one would suppose that the election of persons to fill tbe places in tbegovernmentof so great a citywe-'dhe a matter of momentous importance to apery one who had a voice in It, and that the selection of proper and efficient men would be a duty of the first consequence to every citizen within its limits. Yet. strange to say, out of the hundredthe 4th of March next There may have The F.mpress Eugenie had arrived at Endinbarg. been some lingering hope In the breasts of sim-men, "ike Mr Puipfcwis, cf Genr*ti,a*dHunter, of Vir^Llg. tha formrr i*tawjto the cenntr;, a speech which will lire 1w!th the b«st efortl of the patrto*sev»ry*poph 8a now writes aletter, by which it is evident that street. Brooklrn, by Ohaiiea McCaaley. wa» cm moat eerietw apprehensions.whe> waeataated on Tbank«giving night, in Frontreviews the whole question,republican friex Hontoamoat: letter. B*l that tecession lion would bee their special atten pointioMr.Stephens' only tenable gronnd, t. «..an importance the magnitude of which cannotclution, and that revolu en more diaastrona to the the South. Mr. Sfepnans is quiteIn remarkable contract with the discordant rate courage because It knows that other and revolutionary condition of our domestic bravo battalions are advancing at i d back.looked upon with anxiety from evfgltof the country, from the known OT Hostel andposition to the doctrines of the republican party. The government would haveits hands full in endeavoring to suppress an areby and treason at the North, and therefore ould not carry out Webb's idea and whip the uth into submission. We have also, in ail r large cities, what are called the dangerousPasses —thieves, rowdies and vagabonds - na* 'live and foreign, who would seise upon the disorders of the State ai a pre-term!M , Mtea sake iaiti|i*ltalHmt CO1800 bale, in lots, to spin would be established, military dictators would the African slave trade throughout the worldY> in cur system of government the sovereignty^ °f l l i ^ ^<^ ^ TMt i T^qo'etyeetotdir;to them; committees of safety and vigilanceings of conventions and uot of Legislatures: toresate pav I* tcr mMIHug uplands. The receipts at the| ports »1cce the 1st of September last have reaohed about a dozen petty sovereignties.1 <m 100 bales, aaatast 1 400,000 » 18*0, and 1 2£,0O0 Ureiterate this recommendation at this time?•Manifestly upon toe hope, which be has that sovereignty is exprersly reserved to theto af#ropriate standing committees, the of last year, ini.thouti pM'ttoal trenblet be carried an easy cne.We fear, however, that the day for thecon- •ideratioo of this item of acquisition in the re- construction of the balances of sectional pow-States we have named.are preparing to follow their example.Men and brethren, ponder well upon these Tu? .'team-ihto CanaJLin, from. Liverpool on to- persons, the fntare supply far several yean to come nay thirjgs We live In times when no step should':.'d«i.ti1.oL.l.mdeityonthe23dalt.,arrivedatPort- herericuiljeffected,whilethecommercialandmanufao betakenwithoutthemost serious,almostreli- erwithinthisUnionis gone,andthatthepro-lar,' vestc rday afteraooB, with fire daya later ne wa. ']••• ti i<»£raphfc syaopaia of her advices, which we F:'bii»h this morning, is very brief. We learntarisg iudust ry ef the world would feel a shock aaknoan gious, consideration before la the prrsea century.Ovrlagto theuoastt'edstateor Kftairs,combined with The Administration of Criminal .tallicaposition in our Congress for the purchat e ofthe advaaoslafrei*hu andlowrangeofsterlingbills,flou, that >i.e Prince of Wales had resumed Ilia studies fell eft* avoi Ac per bbL Wheat, from the same eaoteslit New \ors->'rae AaSatlistsm Cstae. The case of William Mulligan, who was con- victed the other day of .obstructing an officer in the discharge of his duty and ot attemptingto kill him, is rather a singular one In many respects.AsMulligan'scounselhavebrought the whole matter before the Supreme Court on review, it may be as well to refresh the public memory with the facts in the case.at oxford, where he waa received with appropri- j»te (*emom«tri»tiont.was also heavy and heaper. Oorn was la lair demand, chiefly from the local and Eastern trade, with sales of Western .mixed at 82 . a 61j{ ., and a Oto for prime do. Pork was steady, with tales of meas at 916 71, aed «cprase»awa ume*«*»<!««*,andlatheabsence of sales ef atoment quotations were nominal, freight! were firmer. Wheal, la ship bags, for Liverpool,T:.e i (MVS o' LincoinV election had reached En;-b nd. *cd «h<» result would seom to have been high-lv-vL-ffif;*rytotheEnglishprees. Itisnoton-likely that the news of the Southern eeceaaibnautertent and oar financial embarrassments willpjSjb Cfji.nJly agreeable to the English politicians; toQohel 141., and to London at lAd., with flenr at As,an established and enduring governmentGovernor, 8amHouston—whoi i ahufwbe'her it will prove correspondinglysatlsfae- rhs Crisis of tlie R pwbltc-Attltait* otMulligan,theaccused,belongs to that pecu- from tbe liberal government of Mexico. In aCcnvention, as we have already stated, for asked on Tuesday if they had voted, inquiredthe event of disunion, however, the North may the c-'b. of January. It is probable that the in astocishment if there was an election goingrelinquish all hopes of Mexico, for its " ma- Governor will yield fit tbe end to the populartorv to the commeroial classes of Great Britain r'e- caa:-» to bf .^pen.tbe R e p w b l l c a m L e a d s r a — D a o g t r t o ttto Hortlt.liar class of the community known as fancy The Presidential Electors of this State have men, although the general public has nogreaton; they had voted on the 6th of November, on the -l-'t ult., in loaning to the Bank of France diecharged their duty to their party, and have fancy for them. He stated in court that he nifest destiny" will be absorption into the pressure. But whether he does or not, his they knew, but they were quite uucor scious £•?r>o(.(MIingold,upon'securityofalikeamount osattheirvotesforAbrahamLincoln,whowill, was"acooperbytrade,buthadnotworkedat Southernconfederacy. actioncannotaffecttheresult Therevolution 'hattheyhadatimi'ar dutytoperformonthat in silver. The effect of this movement was highly therefore, be President over so many of the it for many years," leaving us to conclude that Mr. Buchanan congratulates the two will jjo on with or without him. From the fast day. In fact there was no evidence throughout*&i* actory, and caused an advance in consols and States as will remain in the confederacy after. he joined that noble armj—the soldiers of bouses on tbe fact that, ainoe last De- that in that Sta^e Breckinridge—who received tbe entire city, except at the voting places, andmajorityof 82,000,ItIsvery evident what the large portion of the city gavefninent for thepeople ef Texas will do. And what all thenext year. And what Is the result of this unac- rune-red that France has addressed ft note to Count ity of party considerations over all others— afine afternoon; they never miss a horse race slave trade," and that filibustering has been other Southern States, who are about to hold countable apatiry to their own Interests oa theor a prize fight; they are habitats oi gambling suppressed. Under ordinary ciroumstances, Conventions, will resolve upon was distinctly part of oar merchants and property owners" houses and other disreputable places: they these things would command the public atten- intimated by their representatives in Congress, The very same class of men. and in many in- always have on band a very large tion, but at this extraordinary crisis, in speak- after the reading of the President's Message. stances the identical men, whose course has beenarJ o'on werealikeInactive.outshineSolomoninthebraveryoftheirappa- ported into the United States, in vio-The news from the Continent is Important. It is ple persons, who are not aware of the superior- rel. They are often to be seen InBroadway on lation of the laws prohibiting the Africanhighlj nattering. There has been a riot between tLe v. ..roe- and whites at Victoria, in the Britiah posaes,«Ii>ns. Hit negroej claimed equality withthe whites at the taeatre, and proceeded to enforce million la three millions of votes, and as their demand by violence. A conflict ensued. and many as a half a million of bis supporters haveReceipt?.Total Pajmeuta. .clutch of the drowning man, the general in- 3,144,864 48 quiry is, what of the future? We can see butslaveSpatessecede the-FBAX LABOE TOB Fits* Maw—THE FRCITS or 409445 17 black republicans do not purpose to act posed to be well acquainted with all the inside Message, in our judgment, is an incendiary ing from the tone and temper exhibited on RmrsLiCANFM.-With the election of Lincoln A5,2«7,96311 untQafterLincolnhasbeeninaugurated. This operationsofthestrikers,bothin.NewTorkand document,andwilltendstillfarthertoexaspe- thepartoftherepublicanmembersofCoBgrsas, therepublicanpartyhavegivenpracticaleflwet and from the benighted politicians and presses to at least one of the eardicai pomta la their oftheparty,thereisbatlittleprospectefany- creed.Netcontentwithhavingfreefarms,even with men who are far above the common run of politicians—that the republican electors would hesitate for a moment before they asCa our a*ling If Garibaldi undertakes his Venetianr\mpajjrn with the approval of Piedmont We• Uo 'earn, by way of Vienna, that the GermanC'cL'edcration,backedbyRnssia,haveguaranteed sumedthisawfulresponsibility,andtookthe stockofpoliticalinfluence,whichtheyingofthem,Mr.Buchanan'svoiceislostinthewiththeadditionofNorthCarolina,onwhose heretoforesoscandalousandflagitious,have\ enctia to Anatri%.Trarre and England have each agreed to formal-ly rec^gr.Ne the new kingdom of Italy. The wegeut ( seta was progreaaing successfully.risk of breaking up the oonfederasy. Bat they are ready to dispose of at the lowest roaring storm which is around us. SJ, too, oot only cast their votes formally for Lincoln,bern reelected as Aldermen, Couucllmen,frorr Pan 1ranciseo to the afternoon of tie 24th strong ground against the conciliatory policy nit. T e general nc vs from California is devoid of suggested by Tburlow Weed, who has beenbut, according to the correspondent of thebelieve that if it were possible to take the sense of the Northern people to day, Lincoln would be in a minority. Bis majority in the Northern States is little over a quarter of akeeps a common gambling house, and is there OtR ReTtTBLIGAjf CoTEMrORAIUES ON T1IS early day." governed than hitherto; that the taxes wiii ho fore liable at any "moment to be sent to Slog PREBIDBXT'S MASSACC.—It was not to be ex- And wherever there it any appearance of the higher and the plunder larger than before, for Sing for two years. Mulligan comes to the pected that Mr. Buchanan's views upon tbe Union sentiment at the South It is of thwsame these men will be more bold than ever; and it bower of Morriasey, and inflicts various and slavery question, and the causes which he conditional character as that described by Mr. indicates m y gtrcsgly either thai par eittoeno sundry wounds upon the delicate feelings of might assign, and the remedies which he might Clingman as existing in North Carolina. Then are satisfied to be heavily taxed and scanda- that person. Morrissey sends for the police, propose, for this disunion agitation in the South could not probably be found throughout the lously plansered. or that they despatr of mend- and directs the officer to put Mulligan out. would be satisfactory to our republican news- whole, extent of the Southern States five hun- ing matters in the least, as for as the mmrldpsiKaiaac Novembar30A !arge batch of reports from the Aldermen is evident from the facts that the President cleat California, and when brought up for sentence rate the sectional dissensions of the day."werelaidoverforfutureaction.TheBoardcon-hatfailedtoindicateinanyofficialwayhis bedeclaredtotheCourtthathedesiredtoBut Tburlow Weed 1s ones to conviction.lurreJwiththeAldassaaaataaaskaganolbjiance probable policy;that the general tone of themake an affidavit to prove that the will of thelata Senator Broderlck, just admitted to pro- can see that the Union is in danger, and thatbateInSan Francisco,is a forgery. Thewillwas contested on this ground, but the Probate the Message. He sayi:—"There is evidence l a t athing being done in time to arrest the deep and rapid current of senssatoa, which, from ail hu- man appearances, seems as irreaistibto as tawthey most have free labor, aad they have at last succeeded In obtafnir? ft, for since the election of Lincoln tbe supply of labor has so tar exceeded the demand, that in this city fct can be obtained at such-slight remuneration an to render it almost UtornUy free,authc: iilng the City Inspector to appoint '*ant Health Wardens" at the rate at 9S perfor doing absolutely noflawg. By the adow*this ordinance $20,000 ef the taxaeyeregiven as a reward far services laadered to political Weed; that Grow, at the outset of the session,The scales have fallen from his eyes, and heaaplranb. The naoas of those atesl who votedflw I thw outrageous rnejawri arlJfTOl k ear report.The Board of aw«a9sawA WAS fa sasawm hsat evening. They i l a h U i 'wjsjl ef eWapedfcf cotnmittee appoiated to report a bylawferring thethe local boards firam Cvenisg rVihoaia's u n d r y m i n o r m e a a a t e a ka r o f a t a a e e no- tionefteachers'p^gavjaaIt fatAc, which were aaw) isseata.logged In his Hawawawfij hill, in order to stoveJudge did not deem the evidence sufficient to set It aside. The late Senator hy thai will do vised the whole of his property, valued atstructure end upon its face that it was con- ceived and written in a patriotic spirit, and with a lofty purpose," bat that "to argument*»of Emigration prasant at thefr ateeAA* yesterday,began by the endorsemeat of the Help* 5 ^ to rentenre him.In this state of thfogi-the South prenaricffooteftheUm^wtotxlmiefgh^sf Weareoftheopinionthatthefactsaboveenough even to avert the threatened danger." there is acareel y time for the developement of eat own cheery s i t u s spaa soohena* Tburlow Weed has tome comprehension of tbe public sentiment, so as to present it in a Sating Hualet ipsa the stage as Jag h a t r . setfTherewasnotA—aasieaiA ssasw a %^aa aawaT^?acted. The theBomber0/eansjiwAfiMsawewd4Ma¥WASajm| weak to have been 14*, which msSgStilawaS •stct the 21st of December mat 100,008, * 24,931- • » - • *IM A AnnMk.i a* ^ t r ! ? * t ' l ! , r ^« aW of the poUce. although, tf eosdhern agitation which Is shaking the UnionU*>cU whs* a a<f * re- r 20 Koalas* Hon tar Mr. HasBJf) seayaesjsiltaegYaracchavc-* ma- la sets*eaeaSSJ b* siestas* frees selected aor«tees <* hit Jessnewr-* • ratpan^eaea ertth ef -t nc ittlacct a*»srsiisni •* ••* I1 1 r»* --.dthiscrisis He>, therefore,Inclined to drop tangible,legalized shape totheSouthernpeo- hieertoiassshwstsatenewbygoseasters,aad sitting with Wtedbajjas^^ recited need no commentary at our hands Sambo to save the* Union and Lincoln's admi ple before the aet of revolution is consummated ska practice of leearaisg eriticaUr te a n prlvato 1presses in his interest is defiant rather than con- ciliatory;that the leaders of the party, almost without exception, condemn the course efonly conciliation can save it, He rather likes onwaid march of the mighty Mississippi, King of Floods." of theThe pub!ic will, however, note the circum each,cjassaasactagnrtav teniaesmaaajllnaof thes nlatration. Greeley continues iatracta-ble; but and a Southern confederation Is an accomplish « a profrettos. sad esshracteg a fVtateoVesSM 1Manos that Morriesew had -no hesitation In be wBl to due season discover that over a ed fact We fear the Northern communities fortr years, elm gltaaptes at *twva«Ns*ta« _ , _^^«—Vmmmmmmmamm^*^—— mmw-wn"]" mm ^(ifv1.•WHHwwjfflms^BWWpwSFWWWP^ipfact of South Carolina alone going out would be while the doml before the time for him to pay bis legal adieux coropetetlvely of small consequence; hot whendinary, sMsssnswthe city of New Yorkbjdoate, indifferent. 1 upon our blackto Sing S ng comes around. Of coarse the it is taken into consideration that she ismatter will be properly investigated, and the merely in the van of secession, and that the ana. tnceec, we may sapurchase." He belieres that the acquisition consequence, while the Legislatures do not aet. But this is a grave error. These meet-and twenty thousand ifgtateicd voters on the Me*.-».Iver^n,ofGeorgia;WjgfkJl,ofswans/edt&OCObaiet,RgaUtft0»8,(00la18»and5(2000lathepeopleinthatsectionareuniteduponthestormofdissolutionwillblowover,ofeacbState,oneafteranother,ratifiedtbepollbooks,ofwhomsomeninety-sixorninety- *,Wla t i eBsuM :.rr, of Delaware, and others. hUaeHfcjyfe 1»IS The*ioc* ea hand ee»prlM 6J» 000 bales, agaiaat principal point in the controversy. Thereis aeat090in 1840and «W,000m 1888. the reeeipteat thethe TTr me*t*a<1 bill, and the Mfiiiary A e a d t m f a a J difference ot opinion as to the question of seInvalid I'tnwaa Appropriation biUa> werewassed. parte, eompared with hat year, have fallen off 900,000witheut debate. This prompt action efthe Hon-?, bales. The xports re 148,000 bales less than cession; bat, once outside of the Union, the with regard to the t y lajijaaltirwad ¥11 i, h> wi:h- tbey were las year, while ha »too on hand South would be even more firmly united thanu oary about SOCO tales below that of last weretheoldThirteenafter the Declarationot ant proeedeat fa tee hartoif of Qongrc- Aftrr re- Iear. Uaier the mast favorable clraumataasesaffairsof thecountry,and waafolloweda yISM The total exports within the saott* period baversaeapeople. It was by convention that the citizen*The South would suffer in a less degree, a* substantially expressed, that this fearfulworkof-restoringpeacebetweenthe Northand •he South.The other slave States On tbe 10th of December the Legislature of Louisiana is summoned to meet for the purpose of calling a convention; on the 7th of January the Legis- Cuba will never be heard of again. But, as lature of Virginia will assemble for the samebehalf Mr. Clingman, hitherto a Union man,cash price. They have, once in a while, touching his suggestions in reference to a endorsed tbe course of«£outh Carolina, and de- School Commissioner?, inspectors and Trustees.interr>t. Commercial affairs continued doll. Thedeath of Major J. B. Scott, of the army, at SanI'rancieco. on the Md, la reported. The death of pledged in honor to their constituents, al?hclazori Smith, formerly United States Senator thongh left free by the constitution; but we has achieved a certain sort of reputation— tbe other Southern States "in motion at an courte, must be that the city will be worse from < >rogon, is also reported. The mining reportsfrom Oregon and Washington Territory continueroundly abased by all bis cronies, excepting Raymond. It may be said that the electors wereOne of- these gentlemen, John Mbrrissey—he tion of Congress or the American people. would see not only North Carolina, but most of and what does it Indicate ? The result, ofat 'f .' sccounts the war was »tlll going on.' The Board of Aldermen did not organize last ber we account the mechani ?s and maaufactur when the latter draw a pistol and threatens paper cotemporaries. Bat some of them are dred men who are in favor of remaining io the government is concerned. Viewing it in A^yevening for want ef a quoram.The Kosrd of Ctmeeilmen met last evening andeconed a commonfeation front the (Comptroller, n which he state* that the appropriation for •lesuing the streets waa extaasted early last ncnth. and •uggests the propriety of trmsferring, t?.j too from the appropriation for "Rosa pave-deserted him since the election. In this namera, who see now that rain stares them in the the officer's Ufa Mulligan thinks better of the even more violent than we had anticipated Union at all hazard". Wherever any resolu- tfght. the result of the charter election is veryface, and the very large number of respectable matter, however, and does not resist the law they would be in their denunciations against the tions have been passed, or speeshes uttered, orcurious.THE E>TATT of LrxcoLx'e Euu tto.s—It is which charges that the pistol was actually dis- Ms commentary upon the Message with this racterized by a demand for new guarantees estimated that the depreciation ahrougheat the charged at the officer, and the counsel for the refreshing fentence— "Let as devoutly thank and securities for Southern protection, in de- country in the values of dour, wheat, cot-accused asks for a new trial, on the ground that Gcd that, for tbe ensuing four years, the fault of which the Unionists declare they are ton, wool, corn, State setmrltiaa, railroad andany further. On this state of facta, it is alleged, President and his Message on this occasion. artioles or letters written, at the Sooth io favor position side in order that the corrupt demo- he has been convicted under an indictment Our impetuous philosopher of the Tribune opens of the Union, they have been invariably cha-voters who threw their influence upon the op-cratic parry might receive its death blow. All these persons were misled for the moment; they ase now sincerely sorry for what theyment, grooving Broadway." to the credit of theappr••:r;aion for "eleaajeg atreeta." The paper have done, and exceedingly anxious to recede the convictionwasagainstevidence. people of the United States are relieved from with the secessionist*, come weal, come woe. bank stocks, tf grces^/eal estate aad other pro-wa<> re ferred to the Committee on Finance, with m- from the extreme position into which the black There is a curious underplot to this drama. the annual visitation of a long Presidential lee . The only difference of opinion, therefore, at perty, since tbe election of Lincoln, is net lees atinctioiiji to report at the next meeting. The republican leaders enticed them. Mulliganhasbeen,inhis halcyondays,thein- tore wherein reason is insulted, humanity out- the South is whether the States will go oat than hoohwided millions 0/ doffov.*. WillComptroir: also submitted a statement of the iialancc in the treasury,the receiptaandpayments,timate friend of many distinguished people- raged, history travestied and common sense now, or wait tor a very brief time to see what the Bank PresideLts and their friends wise And now that the work has been finished, Senators,lawyers,journalistsandpoliticiansof defied, in tbe Interest of human slavery and for Congress and the North will do. The people of signed the call for the Wall street meeting toand theThe tkalaucc on SOT. 11 waa30 :—12,532,244 00now that the last straw has. escaped from thebalanceon Novemberall degrees.i'rancieco Vigilance Committee, and was kind- ly presented to the city of New York by oursix of the States appear determined not to urge tbe election take this fa :t into considera- wait any longer, and the chances are tion?"T^T*^l"lW*Mddoaethe4rttoty, hewouldhavebeenwill b a w repented of their folly too late, and-—* thf *«**» is patmeant with calamity and to its foundations, this Northern republican thatspeeches of calm, ecmerratireS f t g j f j * » I f l t W *»«f *M r*M«lf», too, party mtst abandon its anti slavery platform Thomas M. Tryniskidianem and suffer toghave never of the go vera-lie incurred the wrath of the S«nthe gratification of its upholders." This be- trays the amiable temper of Maesa Greeley; but the "little villain" of the quadrilateral isthat if six*5,677,10* 48 little hope in the signs of the times. The fellow citizets on the Pacific coast He is sup- quite as refractory, for he fiitly says that "the other nine will immediately follow. Judg-w»mion upon the topic which WAS apper-•JJhi mind of every member, and that something like $100,000, to the editor of a i-o strong and clear, to conceptions so elevated,it is gratifying to tee the move- in New Jersey to which we have adverted"iW^m 'U^a •i«ifltt Bototart sporting paper in this city-a warm friend, it is conclusions so illogical and lame have no fit and though to hope for its success is almost to calleA " Tea Thytn' ESlttoa, notiag there* tie <we do not envy such men as said, of Mulligan. The will case goes to the bope against hope, yet let us hope on and never altAreticei aad eeaeacatloas of the several eAttorsaaiSuprt me Court of CallforniA on appeal, and new or affinity " But still, says the thinkingteat 9TiW!gsti, wtc has often been in the hands13069•*« '.be;.resect eg*.*+..•* WMsre* *eec peratwe^^Untitled DocumentThnrlow. "of good taken separately, there is despair. Recent events in Boston show thatMBOteters ataoe that period, sad eosssaeattat S4saBSW cpea rach peetagea as have set and obscure or hare keen saeotea kf otth*. Mr BAt.at ate proposes taffiveB*Mulligan declared that he wished hte affidavitt o g o b e f o r e t h a t t r i b u n a l . J u d g e G o u l d d etied the requestof theaccused.,and proceeded skies, enough to buiid sanguine hopes upon, republicanism; but the great misfortune it that tte form of aa aspeedtxto nab sa eilteav, maenough in the Message to brighten the darkenedthere Is a revolution already commenced In the N o r t h e r n m i n d a g a i n s t a b o l i t i u n i e m a n d b l a c ksembled in convention, and in the constitutionand that the Union will emerge from ituot only nhbrcken, but stronger than everPerhaps, too, this proposition to buy Cubais one by one, to annul the acta by which they thirty or forty thousand voted oa Tuesday at• ,*•*•• w -1 W'"AH'brown out as a contingent makeweight in the adopted the constitution.the charter election.. Thousands of people, arewill venture to say,uever thought of the event at all, and many were ignorant that any election was taking place in the city; and, for the benefit of such. we will state that an election did take place, and that, with very few exceptions, not the beet men in tbe community were chosen to fill the offices vacant under the charter—to disburse the ten millions of taxes for the co- ming year, to make the ordinances, to appoint or confirm officials in all the departments and bureaus, to control la A great measure the eduj cation of the rising generation, and, as an addi-tionalduty,topilfer%largeamountfromthe city treasury. •Many of our merchants and ether promineat citizens who have a stake to the city, whenUnion, and it is now by the same forms that the people of the Son* hern States are proceeding,eight thousand voted at the Presidential dec-Mr. BACTom li aooct to publish aa eaagoaotIt is a symptom of returning reason; pares * Hasniat," trass tbe test of the **!!• OT1should tbe difficulties which surround usttate in a division of the two sections of tawnrrsdreds of millions annually: two taxeslion on (he Cth of November , not more thanr r o f c t t i c * . / e g f U r w i t h t i e I S J S S J I i f n 1 r , ~ 309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkr*«f nawww.fultonhistory.comor that Mwi!'. speedily fall to pieces.? \ae aadto *Htneuant *st rcHIayaAavs at 