 THE NEW YORK HERALDWHOLE NO. 854L WASHIHCrTOlI.MORNING EDraON-WEDNKDAY, JANUARY 26,1868.PRICE TWO GENTS.m...aBHaaaiHHktW>auaaj| nm MaasflstsM •_«•__ tM _—jyajMatm*******W "BUfHSIEKJ CKFLffT H CMBUft efthetbe BBBBBBBJ ulit tare* days that Mr Dough* wou'd speak to-day, a large cwgregatto* tr UM gallanoa af tha So-3P££CHOFMl«*WMIN1HEMOUSE,4 . 1 Wtmtheisamto-day*»Mr. toe Scott will go oak of She Oaiaa if a.DM k«a to areanormthat t rote far Mr. Onrwin,dear enafthag•liarj avaryMiremon ledOB thatBrown deposited with him. aad that ha asiar paid aaaasyorganised within toe TWaa; aad having lambed tha now and ever would be ready to stand. Many thousands Mr. Calhoun had emphatically said the doctrine that Con tice, and Meecham waa required to give beads to keep argument, be proceeded to show that there of repobneana looked on John Brown as a martyr, aad all tress could not legislate on toe subject of slavery In the the peace toward his wife. |loved brethren of the clergy, in alhering to I What has Jan haaa and win axpteta tte task thatprtsebt Council wa have scarcely added a atogte rate, < recemm* nrieo a single new statute. Tha priacipalneae that baa been transtried in our present taeebnjbad reierenca to the question of erecting a new ' .^ee within th* limits of the present dioeeaa of Albany. i o> providing, ao far aa depends upon a s , for themeet of its first btohop.Whatever hat been deemed important to he oommeni- cated to you to addition to what baa been and already, will be touad at the dose af tha letter.In the meantime, a question haa been brought to our notice which interests not oaly bur own dkuntses or pro vmee, bot the whole Catholic Church.hahnJ^-BBswiA DAY OP FTUTBlotto eeuntj , Va.. held a meeting on the 2d tost IB...nfmiiI. *^^_rlaw rate apse tte existing tte or amure. tia—n • "uajtan aewapaaar,nu or umaam SAvat ornrsss. Irxsaox, (dam.) of Ga., satorad a JointBoforrod » toe Comauttee on Naval Asat of19oath Caroima.WajBEMxna, Jan. 2t, lSsa.have always been a good aether to m», and good to my children, and I shall not harm you." She, however, made bar escape from the bouse, and ran iaanedtostlypensioner aad praoner in Borne, witn so extent oftory ao limited that nothing shall be found thereto except peace anc happiness.This programme of political intentions tt shadowed forth in a reesat pabatoatoat, which the newapapers ascribe to no leas a perse*age than the Emperor af tte Frenchastjxiiajabof Horn. Mr.towards the nearest aeigh! was passing from tbe d toe ptotol agate. Sbe. about two-thirds of the sent httu back to alarm others repairedtoe haaa* they foundupon th* near, dead aad weltering to their gore, the reign Pontiff a raaanttel to th* nature ef 8er.Mohsaa made ele-wea aad a aal.' atrialnipsaber waytoAfrica.aour t m a fM A N I F E S T O . ^* *to^a»^^%-'M<^a^%es^we^>v^--y*»—•—M—oA CroatDayto(Ar *po*fate&*KJfore-unt *f«f"to*Smth- Bit Cfcarpn Tkatunheare bathe* Mas BBSSSBBI of tfag body. The audi i, with lai bousete and ribbons, prealrtsall the af tha rainbow, Bsnawhsl ooafususty anl "yet af ahaPioviBcialMetropolitanT O T *FJJTBJTI. QBBMBBBB a* a sitgg* to mm. Aaotherru- tiance around baa. ha will reel la*t tha people are with , Adrain and dark, win him, or after him, whatever nny be the caae with thel i t therei will divert enough of Tha hoar of o'clock a near at haad. There ap-soasd of General Wheat, with 180.n a great state of excitement a ilthe two or three recent defaaa of the liberals. IT there on tha sod of this great republic the foun iatioos of tt*rburcb. Their name aad their mnatary daaaand, ia jasvpresent on the floor balow from the tvea. The perfwiaanss af the to-day. sad many, of the great guns paving court to tha great bale senea- The pr-a:vt*.ug ofltosr raja his hammer, the chaplain chaaid«raiery makas a short prayer, the reading clerk runs over the journal of Thoraday last, several messages a writing are announced from tbePresident of tb|»United States, the morning Snahaas be gins, when saoh remarks are heard around a s , ' There a the Little Gatni, just coming la," He looks aa though he feeM ha oats,7 "And there are am little boys, eomiag to bear what pafa baa to say hbout Old 'ruaad raibroad, aad tha niggers are rah oil to Canada, sad tha way tooff. Mr. Sshatar Bale aaya he can't hear a word af what again*; en. bat bein the railer ts. rapapears to be a q Boase of Re Baaaaareafsuporeaaam aad punahment of any con- *l iracies or jcosabmationa of men m any State ar Terri- tory Bfctosi tha ekisens, institutions and property of aay other dtotejor Territory. The isaoimtoa a read. Mr. Uoualas ratat to h a place, loosing particularly neat, freshaad vaareaa. Btaaaa at once prevaila as in a Tbe denatot opens his case like aa oldl O W VTaaTwl t 4CaKaf OaaBWJeMQ flt BWH T, to tha Praahknt of' the Catted{to bring the strcas; ana of theto bear sgamet a widely extended eon- rhich the Goveraor believes to exist •eseue of Old John Brown from theJail; sad the Senator next gives an extract epiy of Mr. Buchanan, November 28, to thai uveraor W a s , in which reply the Preafdeat •» at a lots to discover any power in theeoa- the laws of the United Statee to take any ray tuggesuj by Goveraor Wae tor thehave been permitted to commit acta of hostility against confederate States B o road from Grottos aad Yattel to snow-that aay attempt to disturb the tranquillity of one State by another, or to subvert itsiMtStations, tt cansa far war. Everywhere m tb% North tha party, through the purprt and the press, is eomaatttisg acta ofaeekbig to stir up servile insurrection amexplained bow ha name bad become connected with that list" of New York bouses, work. Mr. Sherman had not endorsed that boot. It was the firms aamed m that not prepared ah tha tha* he authorised bto name to he ap- i m r n « * w aad falae to every peaded to a political pamphlet, after being assured ittbe charge i a, so forgator.i)BERTS, EH0MS k CO.stminr tosawstteaate tha Sternal City, hi ttthe American, whether ha ha a Catholic or not, wffl ]a kind of right, or at toast recognition ao that be shall act feel himself a stranger in toe city of ail saltans.to commence and sustain the great work bar been dene oa our part aarrrassndtog wi fieentchartryof earHolyPsAbar,whofir** resources ha* biatenea both a palace ihis ehttoren to tin* canst**-. W e e n to the seal aadtart institution.Deerty beloved urethras We have to onr Oous added scarcely anything to tbe legisuaroe that has ha tofore bet n enacted in the Can**** af Baltimore or to i own. We exhort yon. brethren of the clergy, to bsfossii with the statutes of these esaneita.have been totrednoeo toto the iwere enacted. We beaeecb them. and all <themselves iof dtoraaftoe pirjssiil by tbe Itne Bory See. The hsahhfalness afpltae doe* not depend so much on the multipacattoa af aaasaneate aa oa toe coaacieatious cbatrvanoe. as far" a* j«««ible, ef what baa beat already enacted. W e, ear .Jan 14,1880. &mck qf Mr- AmglAtgate Atelrrina Cmtp*rator$ theBjasatwi Prrtj. *V.afawfjaaaiaaaiad'a fills the hooaa till it hka a pot of the Lion lager Bier.At the etese of our OauneO w* ar* 'arpettsd, dearly teved arethrea. as well by anears affiliates as by da*.thifuturetoraayopuntry, to worthy of all prune We essart yen, deariy haiovadin thte, aad to tear* aa eeedus.Tha educatiea of Catholic youth to A Catoosa to whleri we haws sa nhsa nuted year aaaaawa,Feu what atil! tte obtoet of your aaxiout care. Wharansr tits toeapertowa, or rural district, let•of a111a intuis to are panted ta yunr Aaadeuty ofsmen*] slave cod*. Ha colleague bad talked about Beading republicans :o tbe penitentiary. He had co doubt that th* ana ha colleague worship would bo glad to send the re- publicans to the penitentiary till after tbe next election, {laughter.) W*expect to get him toto the penitentiary betota be goto ua there.aad La Scerto—aad armed to beMazatian.1 had made a araabond :m the public miad, especially hi the SouthernHe made ao demand that he bad sot made to 1880. Ha stood upon the Territorial question where be stood when be delivered his speech to the House of ReprassnniivsaCrawford. Caasoun, Southard, Wert, cabinet officers, all agreed that fhagrnaS baa the power to exclude slavery from the Territories He atoo alluded to the judicial his-returned, with two or three <if tberr five children, to the house of her parentB. Meed ism brooded over this state ol things, sad at diver* usees threatened to shootan Brown t check to any oaa but Brown, exospt m oae a a aeeeSaty for the httototowi sugyatod, for the very cats, to UJI Forbes, to wham he gave a a hundred <toUart good reason that eaaaas which produced tats John Brown invasion are still to active extoaac*. The ftaialar next n check. Tha a a aoadraattcttoa af Forbes' proceeded to show that these causes extol in the principles ttobtoletter,inwhichhastatedths*heaerer oftherepublicanparty,andespeciallyrntheirdoctrine of the '•iireprcssibie aaaaaav'' The Seaater la illustration remrrad awaay fraab Brown. Cbltoadar aha) teaoaed of tha '•conflict•' was proceeding to a statement of the that whan tea Mbaii iriaaa iaradad Kanaaa, he and other character or. his Illinois contact witb tbe republican party,sixty members of the House who occupied the open area He appealed not only to the men of the South, but to the haaaawarpsruto, aad totd aiaawaaeit. Caljaaderwaa ia the rear bf the semicircle of seats appropriated to toe friends of the constitution everywhere. He invited tha iaiarmed thai tha coataiTttee did not care aocut inch senators. There was evidently a call of the House, and men of tbe South of all parties to lay down their dlaron- these moving members wens answering toe requisition. sioas, and the patriotic awn of the North to toy down, their Stistag tha aeaaaten also, to escape i'surc the surroond- differences of opinion about words. He invoked men of Mr Charlaa BMr, af Cofflngrflte, Cinaa., hattttt'l that be ing pressure, which threatens to push the reporters' galk all parties' ta rally with btm for the salvation of the com- ry and all e sjeemod torn the tloor below, we post out mon eonatjturion of bto aoaatry. Throw to tbe to case ap tha despatch,leaving Mr. Douglas ia full blast, wind all miserable abstractions, sad rally around iaaiitf, aad he knew no other parties concerned with and exercisi ig a voice which rings throughout tha north yoa all that is patriotic in defence of tbe Brown in the matter. Mr Btair J a democrat, aad made rod of the Capitol. Already his admirers say that common constitution. There alone were peace and tha speech will clear ha way in the Charleston Con safety. He knew the democratic party would do every- ventiatt There can be no doubt, at an events, that tt de- thing in their power. He knew that during tha conflict, molishes thd last calculation oi any possibility of h a play- under the moat extraordinary circumsfiaass, they hadTerritories waa absurd, aad contrary to the practice ofOn the day of tbe murder Meecham heard that fas with had committed a second act of inh•-..-oty with yet aaothar person, which so exasperated htm that he proceeded at once to take his threatened revenge.The home of Thomas Cook, the mother of Mrs. Mee cbsm, and where she was at the time, m some twenty or thirty rods off the turnpike, in a kmely hollow, aad a nearly half a mile distant frVtm aay other habitation On tbe evening of tne murder Mrs. Coot. Mrs. Meecham and two little children, one age three aad a half years andvited to punish these aggressions, to act with the Soutii hi willingness to yield tbe deer) moved that the House pro- Ga&aeeficat aaaa adiiaad Brown to go there, aad ha gave when there! wee a general movement among theflirtyor the vindication of the constitution of our common country. ceed to vote for Speaker a w te».aade Brawa'a pikes an-1 that Brown paid tuat tor themTHBcost at joaai aaoam s roauT.vv bUi baa been paaaad by tha Virginia legislamra, ap- Cuajaw to pay the expenaos accruing fromParryiTbatoto Leglslatarv a faaaiation intro-itodo'whsBetween'/on, dearly beloved brethren, and the pre Mrs too*, said to him, there ought not to be, aor to there, aay concealmentth« eoatraet aa ha woaJd with any other peraou,not kjtewag Sar what purpose tha weapons would be em- •atfad.dren to aleep Mrs. Cook sys be waa pale and had a sgsitst tbe Church during the last two or three hundredargusaeat aaamet the adverse CanstofCtawaaattotohaato)Mr rotnav, (roa.) of Canst., asked what set af eatwasMr.slav* rato the State aador a psnaay of fifty sonars.slave code, no rewrral of the African slave trade, and as sort that slavery It a iRoger A. Pryor, the abaacracy of lilmen war* i n i a r a i l . t o a y was toh* earsaf taenerrvee,sadVBtoaafiaagaa (Faiaaanto) wtesd ta hta ewaitotform ha would act with a " propriety WiasBJigtrd toft* stov* eada,*Mr. Fsraanertosh baston* The diaisgitowil Senator proposed that a tow be panted to opes tbe dsors of toe peaitrnuasf to those whonote treasonaadaad these who haad another to res away fnrtrrefrom their ataman*. Beanepecud his colleagueno such tow. for tow tt night aflhet some persons U wls«i*r» MT. FsU'itfworth does.Mr. f isiaa laasjtomMiedwhat did Mr Dougias bataahwecodefBags* A. Pryor, the beastly Bar and slanderer af th* ' benign Mother ol msidents. didst aay a word.Mr. LaojLv aasfhe eaaoraed awary point of Mr. Jtoogtos toll, which was aasrely to suppress conspiraciss for in WaningtherghnofasterStates. Hedidsot knewhiaa.bothaii jaraaohadaaaanrtyrMr FaanswontB replied that Mr. Douglas prepaand toa stove ©ode for the protecwon of savory wherever t ejsan, Batvnthataoding tbe Douglas democracy m niiFOUR DAYS UTER F l O i n i E O P L Arris ml af the Wtjw»(I H l T a E S T I K G• f atoottoa aare artfully ar ftaaSalsaalj than Oanneeticut. B imaaaad a has af toathanaaad deltorsaad imprison neatrasaweatthereto-rectotoaafbgttrre.aoch rajas afawi-/**in—^ . •• i in > ^-*—•*•—* OSWA ^saBaaaaa>^Btoi-#aaaaa BBaasrJssassnd sasnaenswaaa Saa^aConnecticut vmssec nas owsatanawa wssssas aawms; saa-.nv,,„J to —i_vjawm TIIMTIIIMIW V«rkkui itnui aBBBO»Bsw lJai^0 war l a l V v wrawwapji gaj tswaaaaaBn awn xwairvar a a n s a satoBsa ^aaaarwa. She bad showed that a s oaths bound aha rspiUhnsss, andthatibrywiOdbrregard thaeaaatoashal inthesame way,iftbey get n power bora. That was why ho had said their Keeorae hroaght aa faaa to face with reoaialtoa. Be road the tow of Men York, to which hebadro- tbrrod. _MrTooaassaid,whenbnoest !nt*ajt, and nit designed as a trick, haawar eoartaouaty. Tha tow was paaaad m the New York Boas* bat totled to the Senate. two or three republicans decltotog to cvasaatt a ptoto ttotottos oi too i.aaailluitonMr. Kan That Mall I washed satted. The law nawerTheBythearrivsi sf toe Baltic•—wCovjial,Mr FoajtsaisaM tha prohiVKiea tatatod to • Groat 6at*eri-9—Sami siavoawarebraoaa*theretortooaaaaaasaf Mr. TOOMBS reniied, s o Stats had violatedit*Grover, Pvwtmaater of Coaoard, N B . j W . J u Davidson, Judge of the Supreme Court of atoo Alex. Dtmttry, sunnier to Caohml Mr. Gishmg, Mate*—to tbe Arteattoe Cat-The Chtaa treaty t a also ratified. morsum or SamoaABIBB mfrom. Chtaa, at the Amen ithere tod their operations owehraeted bytha hostile raovaaaaaai which aare raaaatly occurred tftera, aad by the ahaaaaaaaaa af tha aaolie trade, whish kaee arejadiaed their auada agatast aiaKoreigaera. Be-i are tarn partJaa at China, one opposed to aifaroraf haaahttoa, aad a peace party.The aaapercr belongs to the peace party, while the oom- atader of tha athur at Paiho to tha leader of the war parryCaQeader, caahtor of thete day before the Senate Brawn raid oomaatttee that paeatot rhejasrataiBtotaa fromtowaatoauand conspiracies judicial tribunal af ha country. By that deatotaa he waa subject ware toe same as those of the old whig party- some two or three weeks sir, ee made complaint to a Jea-ttnajtoafNsw Y ean, Jan 24, 1880. Finding our name in the sc called "black Hat" copiedon ourselves for the supply of the artotthcod by wnicM ih* great work to to ha oca tinned.order of the day—m wit: tbe reaotetiea of Jegrsdatton. The republican party waa built on the Sanatcr from Illinois taatrnethtg the Commiuee on a dogma embraced to toe Mhaaarl set of 1880, which the the Judiciary to inquire into tha expediency of reporting highest tribunal of the country had doctored waa uncon- a bill far tp* protection of toe Stales aad Territories, stitutional. Saab was the aartv seeking to adminater thegatoat hostile tovasHaa from each other; constitution. Be then argued that members of this partyTO TH> KD1TO*Sooth.be dangerous ia the maintenance of popular rights, sadSrxry eight members ofSpeakerfof toe Boase.to elect a man Speaker who could not travel throughoutwhat was called our common country It waa not "eom-mon for such men, and he hoped to God it never would be. by bis (Hhaai. Were tte to submit, that very mo- They did not want such people in his country. In thename and bebalrof his countrymen, he gave notice thatwhen tbe millions got ready to invade tha South he wouldextend to thrm a cordial invitation, bat ho aa* sot sat tobelieve that men who were faithless to their oaths wouldthe town of Dickinson,•ing, the 8th tost, murdereda pistol, and afterwards c-fled him*eif that he had da patched his victim, k e re- loaded bnpattol and dischari, ed its contents into his owaThe repabUcaaa are undertakingof them were tort i* admiration that one man could befoasd amongst them who wss ready to die game. the government from in foundation to tbe present time. In his Judgment all means to prevent the success of tberepublican party wnnhf be proper and meritorious. He would use an means within the tow, and then all forceRoger A. Prior, tbe base liar and calumniator of the justified by toe laws of war. In tha first place, the reme- heme of Wisbtngtoi, said nothing.dy now belonged to the Northern people. Them he in- Mr. Wnnaow, (dem ) of N. C (Mr Coram expressinging mio the aaotfs of the republican party m opposition vindicated tbe right, and stood unawed and unmoved. aad mourned for th* stoto of the daughters of their peo- recollection of whatto. Peter and Vicar of Christ upon earth They do sot profess to deprive hmvofha supreme aptrttoal authorttv, tor, in that attempt, they know they could net tncceed. But it a proponed to diminnh, if not altogether to destroy,to the Charl4aton nominationmove towards theMr. aVaxi t, (rap.) of Mass., introduced a bill to secure their wagea to seamen to case of wreck.TBS nraurj raaaaaaa, arc.(dem-)of Misa., introducod a b-Il to provideor the pabue pnatmg. btodtog, tUMfvanhtog and ea-to give tha alarm Aaabe she heard tbe report of proceeded,and bad passedgraTtog.Bdfcrred to the Oomatittee on Printing.} of Mton., iarroduosd a reaolution to- on Territories to bring to a billinfanthadwantedtothe tooftotmather,aadwasen-Church" Thtt a true; and the Pope haa th aathertty. The questioB than to be eased ofof the ranphtet to srmply ttto:—B Bash saaharttytoi ttel to the Ontoouc Church, aa yoa adstoywhy a*;of the Territory of Dacotah.laidJ^baiastaaaiiid stability differed.aad decided electric odors war* perceptible. each caata. assay tales ar* told which f.if it can beat the artesian well. B t ocity has haaa tubing the well with inch iron pipes. 0BtheUMwayof tost 81* foot ba-it hat tt >ofahair Okat totheearth- se»tosti,v*ry alow at first, aha*,the upper end, which sat above the surface of thaknvtofthawhich bad been rearing upon it all day,AfterremswtogtberubbafaaadBounding.orth*topofby tbenme agency asthe .wedonottay. but leave the traonsofto the more tdestiHc and nell C*Hloaillly taas# COMMCtlOI} aW IBBSasaBsaaawl ttUOUf l i IO Ito tbe adjacent country, the tocoastag trains ttolroads,trom all directions, have reported theAn rJklbfn it and obstrvant anbtcriber at W a »am writingjJBwsTawawasjr'wg haaaJ^ssTsWala # jBBSWVof nawanspors, he., was taken apd Bstoato to haaa tt sana hy tor** as. csal ghsf had ss—s aaa of aba ^an-to, i3 hah* past oas I i want into exec(dem.)ofBL,rose to a]of theNo political party ever walked purer or steadier t h i s duty that nobie band sf patriots. If harmony and mwoa a common enemy coaid be obtained, peace and safety would be secured; If tt could not be obtained, peace and safety war* incompatible to thai Union. Bo would say titot the Sooth bad learned one leatonfrom their fathers. They bad twelve millions of inhabitants, attached aad loyal, of all creeds, claases and conditions of society. Their fathers bad three millions to all, sad defeated Great Britain. They had four times tha population and a thousand times the wcsjfh. He paid a glowing tribute to the South and to Virginia, the latter of which had borne tha burden of the Revolutionary war. Gaa blast of Virginias bugle wasworth a million of men. The south waa ready, willing. and anxious to avenge the wrong. Bo had ass word of advice to Ofihr to the South, sad that wss to stand firmly opon the ground they bad chosen, and peacefully .earnest- ly and honestly maintain the constitution He implored them to defend the rtofato of the South, and never for oas instant to permit the repubiican party to get hold of the reins of government—to dismiss from their counsehi the** who desired to await overt s e n , to defend their righto at the hearthstone and defend them at the doorsill. The principles of the republican party were a declaration of war. They should accept tt, aad meet them at tbeof liberty, and bring them into universal rum. -ram the charge of He referred to ths acts ofjustify the charge of tbe Senator from Georgia. There a no law to prevent a master from bringing a stove into toe State, and nothing to mterfere with the relation of master aadatov*. The law of 1884 was designed to punah aayfreemen. He believed that this was a crime to Georgia - l—f, «Bjl WSA (ttoitM V-lltllff tA I MMM, A « U . la||iMliili,ili ftTraon to nay other respect.Mr.BUU«R, idem)ofFto,askedifhewasarmingtocarry eat ths mat aaaa of ths aswaaaawhw for the rendi- tion of fugitives from *b*r>tor salt laSlave law.(rep.) af N. H.—Neither baa Florida.Mr. Forms denied that a legal process tor the ejiibW, (dam) sf la., had obtained (be tow of i af 18*4, eaitttod - A n act for tbe defence of 1 to provide agatast tbe kidiiapptog of freeple. While a n to 1888 they maintained thai slavery might be restricted, the democracy suddenly woke up sad aay, siavery is very good, aad will develops the resources of toe country. He referred to these things to show demo- cratic ineenstoteneifS. Tbe question as to elavery must he tried here, after the Bouse is organised, if this shall ever take place B Southern gentlemen anaounoe, aa they bare, that tha Unam shall be dissolved if the people of the North elect a President of their choice, we shall then see where the treason lies. Ttr. Corwin spoke four bears.Soger A. Pryor, tbe bar and calumniator of Virgtai*. made no speech to day.ahe heard tbe discbarge of firearms—that she saw bun drag ber towards the door, and heard tbe little boy say, •'Grandma,Henry baa killedis batr "?*>.8*P^B*Wfl:yea * - # • ! , > B^.Ttoanto* BEDwres uiwii seves>-4asi evei ansa towaraa Mnnag,lafi to a vere ihwat.nrylft. Atftvthroughout the Unto* to observe ihssaxtlWof mw-sry as s day ef fasting and prayer to Atodghty ssss^-_a—»;•set sad support threat h th* asanas ay wn-wi - . all tuTTounded.- LTBOUUBC:the law aa only designed to i_^ Besolvec, Tb at tha meeting i uuatste*^ toChstoSsnstost en ttavery, noifekim eTsxukf.hadiaw'• — in.ix.ij'^wigiLJMjiiNq^tLIP^u^p.w! -*pip^/r-gtBerouB toad of chivalry. did not apeakMr. MCCTXBSJSP resumed bto oeranaal explanation,little news I have.Tha Virata, who makesvait to different parts af years, has just descended consequenceaagreatwould all be rtitot Criminality a to be determined from the intent, and none such extoted agatast Mr. Sherman, who neither endorsed aor approved aifimdiary or insur- rectionary teaattrng*. Suppose a man subscribes tor a iwiiaaasarforajxmonths,aad the editorturatouttobe •ra»»ral and a blackguard, h) the •ubseriber to be held retpoaaibtt lor that? It had been sa.d that the eteehon of Mr. Sherman would be tbe initiatory atop for dissolution, aad tt followed by tbe election of Mr. Seward to tbe Pre- sidency .that calamity would be aecompliahed. But no menace or threat from any section could make bun shrink from exercising ths righto bequeathed himNsw Yoaa, Jan. 98,18T0T erribleJtarders His Wife[From the Malone Henry Mnerhan, living Kent turnpike, about three•dy—AKills Himieif.. Y .) Palladium.]the Hopfcintoa andi south of Tnomasville, m county, on Friday even wife by shooting her with her throat- Having aattt-1Mr. Tooaas eanttaaed, charring that tte failure toc rryontthe rbftbao Slave tow was a breach of faith. stitution That a the mtosrabte aophntry aad petition of •ad ZjOCO prtoonars, with a torjre amount of amtmition. th* bat (or < ifuture ef our boryHe did not intend to say that all beloag-jig to the repubh canpartywereguiltyofthaw crimes ailhedesiredwasor not, tbat waeopoeaed to this violation of tha tows of Gadaadana,shouldaayao, andrally withbinaround the constitution of a common country. Be would taat them by their pubac acta, aador oath, where they pos- setaed the power, aad where they obtained a majority. He was sat goto* to tha speeches of aaaaawartoad persona,or Colima sad sent a de- laanli rami*!Tats destination supposedwouht draw to-day aa aodtonee of tareatadaflar a head; aad if there ware any an aor the thooasadB af parptta where tbe Word of God wasTheBagar A . Pryar, the brutal liar sad SbeBer of tbe harbor, and I tax* thetherlty m the federal coustimuon that to tax the peoplefor charitable purposes, tt would be a good p!aa thus to devote a popalar apsphnr to aome benevolent object, each as a deaf aad dumb asylum, ar a ratraatfor superannuated eusoldiers,orpohti«aa»,or.obbymen.Whataitthat dsawa thl eigniitasnt gateerteg of the sovereigns to the Senate to da;4 Nearly all these paeptt* have heard Mr. laugtot before, way ton anxiety, tha op-toe expecta- tion among them to hear h i * again on this everlastinga the "irTtptaatthn eonniet, ' it to the a—nana: tide jef the jHeatoaaaai agtuutoa; it a a general iipriaaioBJthat Mr Douglas will aaake the fur ST, not*ouij from the flanks of W H toraasd and tha bhak republicans, bat Oku he win probably bring to a reckon- ing acme oJ his Presidential rival* aad opponents of tha democratic party. Bat above all, the universal ooavTc-tioa among the Maple retaratog fraaa the charahea yea- teriay,thateverybodywoatdbe»ptotheSenatetohear Mr Dooglxa. hai brought ap everybody; tad, doabtbaa, whoa the "Duto Gtaat" risea and caata aa tnquliiagevery aaashssa desecrated. The rendition af fugitivesfrom labor had been the common tow of ths civilised na-tions of tbe earth from tbe days of Greece. B hadbee* tha cannon tow of Europe from that timeto tha; and tha very question bad arisen under(heoatGreek confederacy. Thakartoat hadrefused to return certain escaped atosas to the Albasisat,sad Pericles advised bto country men to go to war—that itwss sufficient cause-, and Greece waa devastated for tnaa-ty one years. To-day he gave the same advice to hiscountrymen Bo then read from the speech of DanielWebster, to 1*61, who, ha said, tor his fidelity to the constatouoo sad ha country, bad lost toe confidence of hisleflow citiarns, to which he (Mr. Webster) bad not heti while we adopt the doctrines of Jeffersontoted to aay that if the Northern States wirfully refused ta carry awl that pan af the constitution ta reference to fugitive slaves, the South woatd ao looser be bound to observe tbe compact—that a bargain Broken sa one side wasbroken onallswee Thatwaatbeopinion,even to New England, of tbe Groat Expounder of caastttutiaaal tow. He said the bargain was broken—thathands were red with the blood af a brokennot administer at tbe sacred attar af theof h a country How many, he asked, on the other ate*,are ready,haasswy sad !n good faith, tore* der ap fugitives from labor' He did not Believe there were as atsny ss God required to save Sodom, and that was broughtdowntotwo. Theyhad not kepttheobli- gation Then, in the name and in benalf of the people he represented, be demanded the bond, tbe fulfilment of the contract and the redemption of the plighted faith. Be charged—what every honest man. whether an abolitionist or a friend of the constitution, knew—that it waa toe liv-ing principle of the republican party to refuse to carry out that cause of the constitat on. Tbe republicans pre- tend that their only desire waa to prevent to* extension of slavery and to carry back toe government to the lays of onr fathers t h a was deception-, tt waa utter aaan- haad wbr. n they aay they occupy the position of Jettison. He aa* sat ssB—id to the extension of slavery, aad con- demned tbe Missouri rasti lUton to 1880. Madison took toe same view It waa gross imposition to sav that their opinions were in aeeoraanee with those of tne early fa- thers They bad protected slavery talaatoaaasad Arkan- sas, sad he wabed to preserve their memory from suchBOWhad teehTted slavery a mere local and municinal in-toe Bten ha cSasMam* (Mr. Logan) worships, it bream > On tha 24th he tookareaararytoraWTItonghatomake a bto for Souther. lailimmIin support, aad he roils over in dirt and goes for a Congres-co operating with every purpose of a»»d, ant I farmymg.to conchaton, that Mr. itornrwonhhadgrrcn aa er-ronekus interpretation to Mr. Douglas' proposition, and tins country every two orschools for tte Itbereverendclergytoipersonal mapfchools, and not leave them altogether to ttbe teach* however worthy of mafidmas be any he.thatinchincorrectexporitsocoriginated.nJfr.Faros- worth's prejudiess and hostiUty to Mr Douglas aad toe demoeratic party •alewleaguesfromhere,andaantoataBst anaaag theage to the place where ah* Is tram ail parte af the country.sraacn or as. coawn.Mr. COHWI>. (rcp.Jal Ohio, resumed nie remarks fromyesterday, saytag:—Westand witb tbe fathers of the re- pubh* aad tha aoasatuaoa, and wbaasver any be to* eptBtoaaaf Una day, we should net be accused ofTbe provtotog af prtotto tor the perpetuation, af tt* holy ministry to tha country, a a subject wbata atoo baa port two vessels which encaged tmr nttewrloa asd awakaaad ear aahatoada. ha earlier day* true men ef Gad from France, ttiitoail, Gar- many, aad otter cocatrtes ef Europe, prbnto sf to* mar-crated by Jetterson aad Washington. Brown Believingthe assets of tha Lord at sssae time would encamp aroundban. Now he (Mr. Carwia) annelid to the gentlemenu> say, wbctans lintosrt of tracing back Brtwc-c's raid toMrSrward's declaration, they could not more properlytrace it to their own heroes and great men No.nottheirheroes and great men, but / onr heroes and great in prindBto and practice, ha1 always bean ia tippoatttoa men, belonging .to the whole United States and to the republican or sectionaltxbert yon. beloved brethren of the clergy, to encourage tha spirit in the families of your respective congregations. It ntbe greatest honor that Gad can caster oa Chriauaa pareett, that a ehild af theira ahouid grow ap to ha a help priest to BMBJBter at bto aha*.Aa ran atonal saatiis for Ian n lug that truly i tnovesssatatth* getstat sanmaal, a tte spaaing of i a _Bj%okn^^aafBai aTVllUaasuh saa _ h ^ ^ ^ _ a -ngto^asaaTaaMilw sa_aM^asWaattB_w4 sbaa* lipurpose Tbe buildtoga, ncludisg a beantifolare tha magmfinest aneataa af our meat holy father. Pope Ptos I X , to apt ttoBdiaa to the TJnttad Btotes. tt haa been already opaasit, and apart front its it erposea, its natwaal ohasactor toad* U place imeat he would be dhaVaachtoad, would have a brain, and fell dead on the floor near ha murdered wtr*.ceitor about ha neck, and be treated as a serf. Be argued at some length that the Territories aare to be governed hf Congressional tow, which could provide whether slavery that! or snail not exist therein, aad re- ferred to a former period of ear history to show that Mr.Tbe particulars of the affair, as gathered in the vicinity, and which were mainly au rtaiaed at the Coroner's in quest, are as follows-—8sme few weeks paat Massham became jealous of his wife n id it seems bad too good rea- son to be ao. They quarrett td aad separated about threei of the peace between the atosas " Mr Doug especially wbea they would not defend their owa honor. Monroe, Preabt tt, and Messrs John Qumcy Adams, weeks pra-tona to tnasad ee—reaaaa. Mrs. Mesrhsmselves, oa a calm review of an tout has been inaimil by Tbe Senator proceeded to show that has power does be- in I860 T>s years of public Hfe bad notcbaaged his opi- tory of tbe country to show that tbe position of the repab- the guilty wife aad her paramoar. Mrs Mcecham be- our predecessors, cannot dtocover anythmg which w slong to theilederalgovernment, aador the constitution, to nions. Be bad agreed to ISM to refer the question to tbe hcaas waa cnasatent therewith. Their principles on this came alarmed at toe ear** itness of these threats, aad sbouldnnh to be changed BeMr Bicxiun, (A L. dem } of Pa.. and others on toe republican toss, objected.Mr. Goavna resumed, reviewing the history of the Ohiodemocracy of 1848, who in resolutions declared that th-ylinked on the institution of slavery as unfavorable to thefull developagaeat of free institutions, and entertainingthese sentiments said they would be derelict to duty chare entered tbe house oihome. Mr. Cook aad a rare of age, were at a i, who keeps a tavern inUntitled DocumentAdjourned._^_______________I n thte SonthuMercury, J a a . i l / 'in we could possibly make lireuniversajtyJBtinscitywhen, meeting bar BOB, ahe neighbors. Mr Dustin sadit will be satThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069iwmtosktoU.ofPridnyat astoMait• evemsgNo section ofdeavoring to draw from drops of nutriment thatahave the right ear; to* body of "sharpened blade ofly tog partly behind a lowOBdense withall means of exit inahe deliberately firstlyhopefullya successful descent tofive feet.exposed breast tbe remaining shad elaborated tor ha anvofhefsnowtoftrews,whichOn December a aBtlttan, aaar Coiima-aad brought into the action 3.«» igainat 7,800 lib* ralsundsr the command of Bans aadThe action commenced at 9 A ] aad hated until t P. The KberaJs had from 800 to Tito killed aad wounded, andcaptured live salwall,weareTha city sf Coiiroa has2,800 men, aad he now holdsManraafTto Heatoshaa athe seized. General Alvarss is maring arrangements to take a vessel which Mlying to ton part to fit her out aa a mac of war, and send her to Hanzanilla under tbe comroe. Il wo were wrong, these old gentlemenand if we are right, then the democratic party are wrong.He wabed to present a question of logic. It was said thatMr Seward. oemg tha bead aad leader of the republicanparty,badprochume^ atRochester that there manbesome mixi between tree and slave labor, and that mconsequence of that declaration John Brown had deter-mined to murder somebody at Harper s Ferry. Did to*gentleman saypaSL that Brown bad a c t read Jefferson'sNotes on Virginia, and tha remark of Washington, that he s anything of importance happ ens before too aaOmg of ucn, our reverence aad ear art*.wouht reader coram co-operation to tha ahottfioaof gtovery throughout the countryv Did theyaupsfae ha had sot Been the debates of ths\irgtoto Convention, m which it was said thatslavery was an enormous evil, and tost, on est aoobshed,it would adrandB steadily, step by step, until It would beas fatal as death' Did they suppose Brown had not readall theae thing*, and pondered on them in ua mountaini-oiitude ia New York tor twenty years, and prayed overthem. It waa share thiseaterpia* entered into his crazed pobhahed at Atiaato.ua., we are pleased to state that their children eigne of vooaHon to the prteathaod, aad ww imagination, batog auperraduced by the principles conse-the mail steamer I will Band it, roo,Southern Trade at Onr Merchants. TO TBJB BD1TOK OF THS HERALD.anon of our ctergy.Tbe time see ma to have arrived whan n e must dependto the paper* of this city from the SotUkam Confederacy, that paper has already corrected the statement.so far asWe toerafor* exhort Chrataa paraato to c&ertoh fitwe are concerned. CHAPMAN. LYON A NOYES.TO TBS EDITOB HavtagaaeBour firm adv<to a bat of blank re- we hereby asnaanan the "ies and energies, bathpublican or abolition charge entirely false Oarthe world. Theirs a n names wfaicn will brightlyillumine the pages of history while we have been foodworms. He asserted toe resolution of Mr dark, of Mis-souri, was an advertisement of the Hejperbook, aad that Mr. Sherman bad satisfactorily The publication of our in the aooaUel i.-How etttoraa aa aa eauaitty wkh ether nationsGaMERON, » W _ Nsw T ons, Jan. 28.1880.,Jan. S, 180*. from livarpaat. llth vf*THETESIIllOTBIBITTOPTIEPOPE.OC* ACAPTXCOof the old mail Bae a Just coming into the'OB. Alaameo, Jan, 11, 1880.asd a general pilgrimtaken by anramoa withas well aa toe port ofThe country a to consequence oftyrepane, casts mortwiUtag to spend, aad to be i forthesalvationofsouls. Theirttttoaad1under our own first bishop aad Archbishop Carroll, laidof the North.fc CO . MS Broadwav.Haulthe other ten months, wson. a lad eleven or Vneighbor's by the name ofthe vicinity. Between tbe are of seven aad eight Mee- totes whom God has beat pleased to place over yen,*;€ood evening, Henry.'* dhttely asked, "Where ta Mrs. Cook told tab* shemade no reply, but imme-The present position of tte Sovereign Pontiff to sash as ti> awaken onr anxious solicitude. The enemies of reli- gion having exhausted their malice ta vartoua aaasnrnif they did not prevent its increase and miti-gate and finally eradicate it. The democracy of"h» ta 1888 held these doctrines, going tarther thanlb* wb.i*B: bat in that year the democratic party werecarried captives to Babylon. Zaohary Taylor was elected desperate appearance sne remembering ha threats, the years, aad having been dtaappointed in the reauhs of theirPresident, to* democrats hung their harpe on the whmws, became exceedtagiy alarand baa but an todtonact attacks upon her faith, bare BOW concentrated their , except that she aaw him bomtity against her supreme haad, Pins IX.. in nuaas ITthe bed getting tbe cfail- ion<Melissa, be baa cut ber aeck j> st as he does a deer."Meecham west to a table at the end of toe room aad com Um temporal power, and, aa we iiiiiisibisn 1 their lan- menced reloading btt pistol Mrs. Cook satd at him, -Are guage, to give him back to us asd two hundredyou going to kill to*. Henry*' Be replied, 'No; yen uf Catholics over the globe a most respectablytons adapted tree to*ties a adopted waa the fo tewing —[Fromt h *ThuBtr Bsxnv-oYo*y ideuty to your btonopt and jour hiMore recently, aad eve* up to tha prasset tana, ear eccleansbcal studento. ths recruits of tha sanctuary, have come, m a great annas**, from the aaaaa lanrrnt, but we cannotleektothesealofotherconatoanforOnlWe do not believe taat tt to his product*—.. To admit it as such would, ta our Judgment, be a libel oa bto Csttotiu to the spot- Upon en terms feelings snd oa ha great intellect to thtt docaateat tt to husband aad wife extended stated "that the laaupetal aathertty en*ratoBd»ytt*9ana- www.fultonhistory.com 