 >*<*d 3Fo, « « |n i l e t h a i a>?e, or 20t inate»a n d its btiirM tire deck* &rst ana only pee were '«qfc4, andtheXfc«.Tne wkaJe M», is now 466. prom making &a majority of the nomiaa- •'•* & measure srizatioa of ft; Convention,the two-thirds*' | preserve their*ore against it, •lis introdac- mon, and theyfro. '..ition, and the j its adoption, >n& the anil-' lasted aome impossible t o kxirT resolution jins:, more than;I>eclaration of Irnent to tike uffrage States | (-Hidings then !, Mr. Geo. W . e a brief and '< nv.-ntion, and nt a count, by• •rm, and cense-hmot to modify but be early h for this reso- Convention toc platform,jusfc | radicalof|the electoral college, comprising not only the pc >plevofto h]t h eI -doubtfulStates were duly represented from two or three Con- gressional districts, they would not be allowed to Cast the whole vote of the State. All that was asked was that Maryland, Virginia, and Kentucky should cast the vot-eo for *U the Congressional districts represent- ed, and no more. No man had felt more or could sym- pathize more with those who had been crushed by the Slave Power than himself; but all he asked now wasthat all the States of the Union should be put upon an equal footing here. "" .ilr. BCCXLAND of Michigan moved to amend by re ferring back the papers of Oregon to the Committee also.Mr. McCRKLLiS of Maine thought that if tho Ter- ritories should be treated according to the rules of the Confederation, and admiaed to seats, and not to voteb, Kansas thould be included. , She is a State now; she is in the Union, for she ought to be and would be hut for the corruption of the Slave Democracy. He de- clared that Maine would gladly take to her bosom cold as it is, her warm sisters of the South. [Cheers.}People's party of his State'had no right to vote. He desired to know the'name of that gentleman. [Cheers, and cries of "order."].Mr;. GoonnicH said he had not questioned tho right oi the People's party to vote, but the name of the Slate having bten called for the fourth time, and tho delegates unable to vote on their own proposition, he ajiked that they be excused from voting out of feelings oi humanity..|The vote was then announced, and the minority ruleWas then reported by Judge James, requiring a ma-•Mass Meeting a^; Philadelphia.. . - . - . . PHILADELPHIA,[Thursday, May 17, 1860. An immense mass meeting was held to-night to rat- ify the nomination of Bell 'mid Everett in Penn square, Joseph R. Ingersoll presiding. Eminent citizen's^as-Lord John RUBBCU—-With respec* to the last quesyi.^ of the honorable gentleman I cannot properly give an answcT at present. I think it would not t>e expedient to explain the nature of what the honorable gentleman calls the "compromise" proposed; but we think it was entirely in accordance with the terms of the treatythan yesterday, \ n presented a] nessed in doors] istinctness, and| :be hearty wel-\ rention, demoa- »party, with its] eople. Such %\ ra in American-. Seward is to l:;11dav,andis are making to- position reportsn*'0. , returned, t h a i |t:,at there is af ir behalf- I t i s | TOrd vote' to a |a demonstrate^ tc for some ©ae|;ion to hpklj ter a few'e the onfyiim, .but the Sw-fyet the Sewardf whole afistoarif.diuate. aaia, say ward, tfcejatter Stales by •>election b ^he choiee commonarant J00 *ast 170 for Mr.Irs is here work tes will soppo*h*s influence he can carryDcreased dispo- ne, no effect***] nne<L Ohio is^positive assnt- k but half goesf louri delegatioa?horntomaketj dicalforaooa-mbotnfuLi. ^ ^ 1 ert Mr. g e w ^ 5S- They *»M a s s a e h n ^ * ^ ed confereneo!disposition ** inooln.ITOW will briajfby no meansi* >pposition men with a major8if ioa against Jfr* minated. *P*loy,b«tea^ts Mti-Kflfl*'Mr. CAKTEK refused to withdraw.sisted. Mr. Henry oi Tennessee was tho chief orator. of 1846. The present state of tho question iu-tbii*. 1 His speech was hold and| effective, and createdjgreat can add but little to the information which I gave theenthusiasm. A large bell, bearing the inscription other night. W e made a proposition in August hist,Ijeflicient meacures for the totnl and final suppression of The procession was the striding feature of the morn- had been delegated to non-residents. H Texas had cne of the most important that could arise. It had been Tcidh : That in the recent vetoes by their Federal•.V,'iCARL SCHUKZ said as the amendment was withdraw Sixth: That the pc plo justly view with alarm the it was. not necessary to make many remarks. Th-ANOTHERFRIENDS.—Last night the <Socioty of the Church of tbe Puritans decided, by an almost uuanimous vote, to adjourn for six months. Dr. Cheover delivers his speech ai a lecture this evening.\-•which the President put the! affirmative on the motion to adjourn, and declared the Convention adjourned till 10 to-morrow.Pennsylvania Politics.PITTSBURGH, Pa,, Thursday, May 17.1860;A meeting of the Douglas Club was held nere| last eight. It was attended by a large number of the lead-Tuesday week, rain or shine.THE SAN JUANm •/In the British House of Commons, on Thursday;May 3, the'following remarks concerning the San Juanquestion were made:Mr. S. Fitzgerald, asked the Secretary of State for•vfnotib^oftcO^r "fof:pf^%^M^iffS^\ ireu.*>omasenseOftlioctoectneig(fHuprfo^! ST.JOH^K.If.,M«yt7.-lWafcS»frm*--A ^^^0.Cf&ffi V,:5 -*?•*<' { . «*4ft|&* j^l*ir • GOV.SEWARl>wiLLBE^<XM3NAT£D.£JUCAW>,Thnno.y May 17—11:40p.m.' • •• ••tory of the United States is that of Freedom; that as.diKaKs^NHiblanks axe much denounced as iawoiiafc-' [entitled to. In, order Wr, enforce the argument HeJ in Texas, the Committee, reported jtbat the dqjleMHP;-^J*****kTOreit>andasanunduepanderingtoaskedwhySOpersona;gatheredinBaltimoreandirep rewehting.no constituency, oyer the,:State should be entitled to yore here for the State.1 JMf.pAi.MERofMarylandexplainedthatthemeeting Baltimore, altbongh small, was bold under the rogular call of the Republican organizations; nearly ©very Congressional district in tbo State was* represented.jJi?feelectedatamassmeeting,calledbynoticeinall ei;e entitled to seat*..•• ^•',..'$&. Judge HAs&si'nirx of JCincinna^i mao'e atf%ibSfont r.tldnBif ^xpreseing his devotion to R^puT>i;ean|pnnoi--Ctennan fanau1 una,• ' SAMJJ^. _.i—'.-..r-, .- 4^ ••ing. They marched in sections of four, consisting of regularly delegated these gentlemen as representatives; carefully considered by the Committee, tp had been : Governors of the acts of the Legislatures of Kansas *twofromNew-YorkandtwofromMichigan.The allwaswell;bnt,iftheyonlycameheretocontrol feltthat,underthecall,thiswasa'NationalConvention^undNebraska,-prohibitingShiveiyinthoseTerrito-^fy concWion, from ai* that I can gather, to-Jiijght, is that the opposition to Gov Seward can- forco the propriety, of his motion. Ho only desirederriment.maiL-tain this provision of the Constitution against all was loudly applanded tlrrongliont. j ;co'neentrate on any candidate, and that hethat the Committee should investigate whether in these States there is a regular Republican organization to entitle them to votes bete. His only objects were to*\r5H be nominated. • ••-.•• W* "-•••-•<•vfefe and each Congressional '^presentation two votes,;Congress, of a Territorial Legislature, orofauyindi- the name of the party. Ii; was printed in the lewolu-^'Michigan Republican Association," and with the didate before the Convention whether they would; likeThe PRESIDENT—If such is tbo case, the amend-» •One mischievous rule had been adopted when those States were admitted, and the other objectionable rule, requiring a majority of all the States in the Llnion to nominate, grew out of this. He denied the rignt of theee.men, respectable as they were, to pretend torepresent Republican constituents. [Loud cheers.]vote en the resolutions.Judge Jcfcsup from the Committee on resolutions re- Alter some skirmishing,- tho Convention refused to bill " figured prominently. I 1 '• was some question whether the American Government-New-York, Ay«<«. 1; Nay*. 69; New-Jcr»cy, Ayc«. 14: Peim-.yl-vanla. A y e s , » * : NayB. l\: Delaware, AyeH. 1: Nays 5j Mary-land. Ay\-«. 4;Nay», 6; Virginia. Ayiw, 80; Ohio, Ayc», f>,Kentucky, Ayes; 24; Indiana, Ay««, 26; .Michigan, Nays, 12, I Fijth: That the present Democratic Administration tion .had'been .carefully drawn It was considered Illinois, A yes, 22; Wisconsin, JSayw. 10; • Minnesota, Nays, U;Mr. BACKLEMAN of Indiana did not object to the admission of ?uiy State bat Texas. He did desire that " That's; the talk !"] These men from the Slave States the question should be investigated, and that the dele-' . — — ' ~Cieneral Assembly of the Preshy- Majesty's Government. With rtspect, to the# Mr. Ewi.so of Pennsylvania deprecated the senti- ments of bis colleague. [Loud applause, and cries* of-terian Clturen. question of occupation of the island of- SanPITTSUURG, Pa., Thursday, May 17, 1860. * Harney thought proper, or necessary, to place 800 men The General Assembly of tH^' Presbyterian Church,New School, met in this city to-day, m the Rev. Dr. in the Island of San Juan, and sdso a battery of guns. Kendall's Church. The op'ening sermon was preached Gen. Scott went there, with orders from the President bj'the Rev. R. W. Patterson, D. D., of Chicago! in toiise his own discretion on the basis of SecretaryMarcy's dispatch—a dispatch which was well known which, he. took strong ground in.favor of denoraina-. td the House. Gen. Scott aeted in the spirit oftional action. About UQvdelegates are present, includ- that dispatch, (and immediately sent away all but ing many of the most distinguished men in the Church. 100 men, delcaring that neither party ought to ex-were more entitled to credit than many others, and we •would not consent to disfranchise them. [Cheers, and cries of " No! No!"] He was astonished to hear the sentiments expressed by his colleague. These men arc "hold, earnest Republican*. They represent the Re- publicans of the Southern States; and if in numbers they are small, we ho^e to make them greater. [Loud cheers.]gates from Texas should show who sent ihecn there. Mr. — of Texas said he did not believe the Re- .publicans would stifle the voice of Texas because she Was an infant child. She was at least growing. The Germans were with them, and ere long they wouldment. ' . - , ' ' ' . . ' .t.l an ever before demand its peaceful and constitutional Mr.-.Gin'niHGS—I have the floor, and hope my col-tins free Convention as a Republican of the State ofI BALTIMORE, Thursday, May 17, I860. The a|>andoned slaver found ashore at Andres Island, was no doubt the brig "Wm. Taylor Hall,''for- merly'owned bv Dunock & vVeatherly of Baltjimore, o- ves its unprecedented increase in population; its s|ur- the first formation of the party, when tliey had based and "ti-ansferred to Wm. Applcgarth & Son, who sold her to a man named Oliver, well-known here as a so- licitor for chronometers. She sailed for this port underwas contemptible and dastardly.Mr. EGGLESTON of Ohio thought that the Committeeshould have courage sufficient to say who are and who are not members of the Convention, aud who are en- litled to VOte. "If they have not, let them make a defi-Republican, while,the People's party of Pennsylvania; were still afraid to declare themselves thorough Re The various motions to recommit it were lost by anot to recede from the position they bad occupiedatHe clahned to be as good a Republican as any of thePeople's party of Pennsylvania. He hUd dared movo •.and ri**ked more than the gentlemen from Pennnylvapia dxadever risked or dared. He had avowed himself aThird: That to the Union of the States this nationp isirigdevelopment of material resources; its rapid tie fubric of Freedom on these very words. He urgedpublicans. [Immense applause J H e had t e npeered by a mob in Baltimore, and on bis re- 4r.rn home had been burned in effigy, and huiig by the neck by a mob led on by Federal officeholders.He claimed that if the party hoped to succeed,, they uooot organize throughout the Union. He repelled the accusation that Maryland" was the tool of any Northernthe island. What the state of things on the island is at • the present moment I cannot tell, but what I have stated is the latest intelligence which her Majesty's Government have received. [Hear, hear;]:• —; « §Movements of the Hon. John Bell. UTAH.—The entire available force of recruits stationedTennessee. He was serenaded this evening, aud is some weeks ago to Texas, only 60 could be drummed now addressing the people!in-front of the Gait {rouse.., up for the Utah mission. A permanent p'rty, as, it isState.'ble, and they told Pennsylvania to .put that as its pipe and smoke it. [Immense cheers.]He eared, not if Maryland was turned out of this Convention. [Cries of " No," " No," " it never shall be."] They would still go home, and run an eleetoral ticket. [Cheers.] He felt from the applause so"• They wereunpurchasedand nnpurehasa-on Governor's Island was yesterday afternoon dis.Jtir.dly bestowed that lie bad not appealed in ithe lair and honorable sentiments' of the people.vain toMr. GOODRICH of Minnesota, denied that any State 9; Wrrooiifc Ave*. 9; Kays, Is Ma«sftcbu*etti», Ayt-«, l<>; INUJ». t ie lawless invasion by armed force of any State or Legislature had any constitutional right to legislate on. Three hearty cheers were given for Maryland.Mr. BLAXKY of Kentucky was surprised on bis en- -trance to the Convention to find a proposition to banishKentucky from the Convention. He should not have been more surprised bad a proposition been made to banish Washington from beyond the limits ot the ,mion- that the sacred dust of A»hland should be ban- ished 'beyond the borders of that State-, tM. Clay should be sent into exile, '[Cheers.] Who would dare to banish the free sons of Kentucky, orofMarviand,orofTexas,ortheDistrictof Colum b», from this Convention ? He was a member of theRepublican Convention in 1 8 5 $ - * seat bis children should live to be proud o f - a n d then and there on the part of Kentucky he had risen, and with the memory. of the Wilmot Proviso before him, bad cast the vote of Kentucky for the Vice-Presidency for David TM motMaine. Ayci. 3: NOVB, 13: New-Hamp«hiro, Ays-, 1; Noy», 9; Rhode l»!audr Ayes. 8; Connecticut, Ayes, 10: JSays, i\the Naturalization laws. That belonged to Congress. Judge jESspr of Pennsylvania, said that the resolu-reading last night. -.•Marine disaster.jj- jv !„uI!of Pennsylvania. [Loud applause he ever be forgiven for that act ? and applause.]and cheers.] Could [Renewed laughterreckless extravagance which pervades every depart- Geiman Republicans of the North-west hud given tha Under a portrait of Broderick, draped in mourning, ment of the Federal Government; that a return to Republicans 300,000 vqtesi They asked Vhis resolutionAliening of the Saut Ste Marie CanalV DKTUOIT, Thursday, May 17, I860. The Saut Ste Marie Canal was opened for the pasiB'ii THE ACCOUNTS or THE COMMISSIONER or REP AIRS HiAND ScrFLiEs.—At the last meeting of the- Brooklyn Common Council a Committee was appointed to cx- amiuo the accounts of the late Commissioner of Ro- paira and Supplies. Tho Committee have had two meetings, but find matters in so disordered a state that it will be some time before the exact position of atfkirsMr. PHILLIPS of Kansas said he stood here as the :representative from the Territory (which would have been a State to day but for it* fidelity to Republican- ism. He did not believe that any man would desire to banish Kansas from the Convention. [Cheers, anderies forWilmot.JMr. WILKOT took the platform. He regretted hebv favored I urttwrns; vt-hilethc recent startling devel- <]"n!ents of fraud and corruption at tho Federal The PHKSIOXNT announced that thpre were twice^ naicpolis, shoAv that an entire change of administra-they asked only one general declaration against any interference with the rights of naturalized citizens, bu since it had been found that State Legislatures passe I laws assailing the rights of naturalized citizens, it was now asked that the Republican.'party should den< mice such legislation. On one side was right, on the other was prejudice. Could the party gain.more from prejudice than from right ? [Great, applause.] The German Republicans Veto.diBhitore«tad.firiend«-of the principles of the party. Tney came to,'ite ranks,Fire at St.! John, HT. B.ST. JOHN, N. B., Thursday, May 17, 1860. Last night eleven houses were burned on StraightShorn Nearly all were insured.——- • •marine Disaster.BOSTON, Thursday, May 17, 1860.*»•i.HHH M^«•Mr. WILMOT said the. explanation made would en- wjusthen taken up. • Ij'Tbe eecond rule, givingH»i speech Was ardent and_ cloqusilt;] auJ delegates: at largo: four attempt to violate it; and we deny the. authority of Judge JESSCP desired to amend a verbal mistake inJtEGTJLAR REPORT OF THE PROCEKD1NGS. Inquire into these facts'. If the Committee reported wae[an;ended by providing that no morC ^ ? 4 . ritorj-of tie United States. 0oyii the word national, JIS.hat was not tho name1 by*treet*Trerecroorded,andthere wereseveral proces-sions beaded by bands of music. Byjinvitation of the the delegates from Texas were not residents there.3jHvote*, being amajorityof thewhole double,elec*| flogr eidod hy ,:erverbioil8of judicial power> a8 a criin0 G, W. CURTISofNew-York moved to amend'thoMichigan delegation, the New-York delegation andvisitors gathered at the Adams Hooso to march to- not reddents there; but there was a regular and pow-tl|e minority report t*> dominate by a majority of votes !;age, and we call upon Congress to take prompt^andcast was moved as an amendment, ;.',' ; - 'IMr. KELLEY of Ponnsylvflhia said this subject was Ithat execrable traffic. .It might be said that the delegates from Oregon were gether k the "Wigwam." Ierfnl Republican organization theje, and the powersDeclaration of Independence. . . I ELI THAIKR raised a point of order that the aim'Cnt had alreiidy been voted downThe pRKsrnKKT rnled th|e point of order well taken.might think proper in'order to make this a popqiMF] movement. :'^,Clinton Roosevelt, esq., and Mr. J. W . Bryce sapr, ported the claims of Sam Hou«ton to tho Prceideneyv Mr. G. Sickles, after a stirrirg speech in favor ot 8mtk.Houston, presented a scries of resolutions declaring?- that-lie was tho fittest man for the Presidency, «wJ> callirg for a nominating Convention to be hold on t h « , 4th'of July, to nominate him in case the Baltimorewillingly accept the reports. It was rumored that tciral vote, shall be necessary^ to nominate candidates,Executive Committee appointed at that meetmg, $ * again>t hunuixiity, a burning sluime to our country and second resolution by adding thereto the prelude-to-the called on those present to give such suggestions aa they;ofj the Republican party, and as such it was deemedbadges inscribed: " New-York Republican Assocmtlon.'.' dent. He asked the friends of the most prominent can- tljat the nominees should receive a majority of thehfote : Democratic principle of non-iuJervention and Popularappeal from.'the chair. The former amendment was ct;air. xne lormer amendmenmade to the first resolution, while the proposition ;was to amend the second resolution. j imen numbering between 3,000 and 4,000, all wearing tLe nominations, it was a dangerous and fatal prece-jries, wc find a practical illustration of the boastedhave a powerful party there. He regretted that the ti mn.ph.Second : That.the maintenance of the principles pro- mulgated in the Declaration of Independence, and em- h dieii in the Federal Constitution, ie essential to theleague \\ ill ask no favor of me.Mr. CARTER—O no, I will not.Mr. GIDDINGS urged tho adoption of his amendment.The Rev.. Thornton A. Mills, D. D., was'elected Moderator, j ••, 'Abandoned Slaver.motion should come from a gentleman from Pennsyl- vania—a State that was afraid even now, to; declareercise exclusive jurisdiction. lie sent away also, I believe, the battery of guns, and he informed the Governor of Vancouver's Ishtnd and the Admiral also of what he had done. The Governor did not think himself authorized to euter ihto IUIV compromise or agreement with Gen. Scott till he had" received orders. But orders have been sentto the Admiral to band 100 marines on the island, being the same number of men which the United States' have placed there. We stated at tbe same time it was entirely in accord- ance with what the American Government had stated, on their part, that while the matter was in discussion- and under controversy there ouyht to be no exclusivejurisdiction exercised" in the island. There has been some doubt in the mind of the Govcrnorol* Vancouver's LKAVKNWORTHI Thursday, May 17, 1860. Island whether we ought not to have a magistrate onThe gjcat principle it embodied had been the founda Iffr. PALMER of Maryland 'said that he stood before herself as a pure Republican -organization, and did not preservation of our republican institutions, and that tion of Freedom for two hundred years. The fathersdare to stand upon pure Republican principloa alono."Maryland. [Cheers, and three cheers for Maryland.] {Cheers and hisses from Pennsylvania.] Such action the Union of the States, mustand shall' be preserved. Independence, and he urged upon the Republican partynite report*, and then the Convention can act upon it.lJu.cf abroad; and we hold in abhorrence all schemesfir. dibnnion, come from whatever source they may; pended by bis colleague on the amendment. It was a »dvie congratulate the country that no Repu^ucaii unnecessary as the substance of the words was em-bodied in the second resolution which he read.EI.I THA YER of Oregon, said that the amendment ofI¥ew Route to Pike's Peak.largo vote,Mr. LOWKKY of Pennsylvania niftved" id recommitthe entire report, and called for a vote by Stnife's: He regarded the report as an evasion of duty, for nothing respecting the titles of delegates to seats was men- tioned.Mr. BENTON of New-Hampshire said the sub-Com- mittee bad fully investigated the titles oi delegates to seats, and were satinfied that all were regular.The President decided that under the rules the votes by States could not be called, but for convenience the States were called. .' „ .The motion to recommit was carried—Yens 275}, NHVB 17X'^. The following i** the vote:Mr. Green Russell reports to the Council of this^city that he/ arrived at Denver in 29 days from Leaven- worth via' Smoky Hill Fork, making an average of 21 miles per day for the entire distance, <>10miles. Ho found this route shorter than any other. His report will be published. • ! rJowa. Ay<-», «: Miwonri, Ayes, 4; Nay*, 14; California, Aye«, 4: Ncys, 3 ; Oregon, Nnj-s, a.1 as far exceeded our worst apprehensions in its meas- ureless subserviency to the exactions of a sectional nterest, as is especially evident in its desperate exer- ions to force the infamous Lecompton Constitutionright in view of the dissatisfaction existing among naturalised citizens, with regard to some laws.that had been passed,^asserting their right to set Republicans sti'aiyht on this question of naturalized voters.SQUAK BKACH, Thursday, May 17,18tj0. The schooner E. Flower, Capt. Raynor, is ashore fivl; miles south of Squan Inlet, with a cargo.01 100turfs coal, bound to New-London, full of water. . Also, schooner Brazil, Capt. Uo\vesf ot .Augusta, Me., is ashore eight miles-south ot Souan Inlet, from Philadelphia, bound to New-York, with a cargo of 106•;A'being filled in every part of the building.The platform was further embellished with a largenumber of framed portraits of eminent patriots and statesmen; and the ^andsome. banners of the Young Men's Republican Union of New-York and the Ward Republican Clubs of Chicago.through the intervention of Congress and the Federal Courts, of the extreme pretensions of a purely local ir tcrcst, and in its general and unvarying abuse of the I ower intruded to it by a confiding people.that this resolution did not deny the right of a State to ] net* such law si but only expressed opposition to such laws. He therefore withdrew the amendment.ROtfHKSTKK, Thursday, May 17,1860.A. G. Vefmilya, Clerk.Itappeared the inscription, " T h e y have killed me be- " cause. I was opposed to the extension of Slavery, and " to a corrupt Administration."rigid economy snd accountability is indispensable to in order to know whether they can with safety an tarieft tie system of plunder of the public treasury self-respect give it 300 000 more. At Philadelphia, sage of vessels on the 10th inai.• I.*At 3] o'clock the Convention was called to order.the nnmber of honest hearts outside, who had, through a Committee, requested Gov. Randall of Wisconsin to address them on the;' political questions of the day.tion is imperatively demanded,.Scrvrdh : That the new dogma that the Constitutionof its own force carries: Slavery into any or all theTerritories of .tho United States, is a dangerous politi- l»ad been misunderstood, n e made no proposition to tee on Credentials, again reported, giving the State of cal heresy ,.ati varianco with the explicit provisions ofThe ship Sea Ranger, from Liverpool, for San; Fran- can be ascertained. It appears, however, that some cisco, sprung a leak off Staten Land, previous to work required on streets has been paid for but neverMarch 14, and was run ashore upon Rnggles. Part of done. A further examination may ejq>laiu present ap-exclude the gentlemen from the Convention. He had simply moved to refer hsek certain States to the Cotqg jnitUKs to decide what vote the several States shall bsWtf£23 votes,Keniucky/^; Oregon, .5; Mary-that instrument itself, with contemporaneous exposi- tion, and with legislative and judicial precedent, isthe cargo was saved.^ ^ B W T O ^ o f NeLHampshire, from the Commit-i n T l > , and Texas, 6.In regard to the organisationparent discrepauciea..^••vtotm**^,*^*^***.^**-- ••>•••Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069',...».aIt.pf.erenndliarmonyOffn/-.country.'1 papers favorable to Republican principles,; and •,>:Eighiht, TJ^tthe normal condition of all the terri-ourrepublicanfathers, whentheyhudabolishedSJav-jiTlie vote >?n t J , e 6 e Stages is out down behrw th full jgjlg m all our mitienal territory, ordained that no peiv <«f lilerfy ft op tie Btndyj of the life of WashtrWon.HOUSTON'SFRlENDti.•.:&*,* %&JTheieC0,i ^*#adoptedamidapplause. 'V *' didble eleclonJ v o t e v5;Tlie report of thV Committee on Business and Jjtules-'sob riioulti be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law, it becomes our duty, by legn-3ii<ion, whenever such legislation JBnecessary, toptttinrf true Americanism. He had learned jjisllove His Iien'rt was imbued with Amei ican prindpW|bN?*<'rehis lips took the oath of allegianc s to. his tMlopted &OYTf<e friends of the Hero of San Jacinto met Iaet evf ing in «n upper room in the third story af Tbar^m Hote-1, jflfo. 8 Union sqnare. The room was ^row^e^ Dr. Hasbrouck called the meeting to order. / & * p s | ( the Clarlestiwi Convention bad resulted' BO attW> J^*^the people to take the nomination. fot President oy%:<£ the hands of the few who^ controfled Convention*.^JD| mecti'ng had alccordfngly been held! at the Motrope®k>a Hotel, at which it was determined that there wa» h<ft>*©fMpt" as modified by-'the Commu.tee o nCredentials, ; V^uiiis, to give legul existence to Slavery In any Ter- tfor. National Republican party. He wished to stirikej Sovereignty, embodied in the Kansas and Nebraskaname' of Seward for President/ A banner with Mr. Stales not regularly' represented to be brought in to ofithe Nortliern or border Slave States, but thc.pe >ple [; bill) and a dcr,unciati6n of thc<dcccption and fraud ment is in order. , • | *tl,ev o 8 h U b o<X>CHICAGO, Thursday; May 17, 1860. that the .States have a regular organization and took ct|ft|tl an there are delegates present, and aaV,?* ^ .jfiiirdh: That we brand tho recent reopening of theThe morning opened with much excitement. The regular action, and vrore entitled to votes, he should On the fourth rule being r$ud, which provides>_a* ^African slave-trade, under the cover of our national wiu*made.1 ''' .. ; I •;. that man <was Sam Houston. As Chm'rman of.tijffSeward's likeness was carried At the head. . Several control the Convention and vote' against him? He of| the United Stiites. If any Sta^e is absent, who'ber involved therein. Mr. Ci'RTis said that this was the second National Convention should fail to do so.band* of music were in the line. The procession made no issue as to who dared suffer most in the by;design or accident, the Convention does not cast her .Eleventh:- That Kansas-should, of right be immedi- •Convention of the Republican party, and he asked Messrs. Stephen HosbrOnck, Clinton Rooeevel^Jf,^ r.,AStopped at din^rent points, giving and receiving cheers. Republican cause, but if this is to be the test, Kansas vqjte for her, but says she shall have a voice in; the' ately admitted as a Stare under the Constitution rc- whether the party was now prepared to vote doivn W. Bryce, W. E. Lawrence, A. J. H. Daganr^,jf^Tbe"ConvtsBrtaonwas called to order at 10 o'clock. should -control this Convention, for sho had •election of candidates; she is here in spirit, and nOfe ;cent!y formed and adopted by her people, and accepted the words of the Declaration of Independence :7j ijfto B. Child, and George Sickles were appomted a Cons-. rights arc respected. These were the main considera-.l; by the House of Repiescntatives. n ittce to carry out the resolution offered by Mr. Brycev.510 o'clock, <*.iB.-r-Every port of the Wigwam is as poured out her blood in- the Republican eause. ions1 that influenced the Committee, hut other Icon-J;; " :cautioned tbcm to beware before here, in the brdad^densely crowded as yesterday. j His -objection to the representation |rom these ^States *5ders*ionB of -much weight confirmed their I a©-- Tv clj'th : That while providing revenue for the sup- prairies: of the West, they receded from the position that a mass meeting be held in Union square. The*.Owing to the unprecedented nurijoer present, con- was not founded on the supposition that these gentle- tion. Kansas-Nebraska and the district of COJIOT- port of the Gcnenil Government by duties upon imposts, they had occupied nt Philadelphia, and refused tQ: re- Committee retired, ard a Glee Club sang a Union siderable time is consumed in obtaining order. /men had been purchased by Northern-money, but be- tia were to be admitted as. though they were sound policy requires such an adjustment of these im- pe-ar the words of the fathers of the Revolution as song. Mr. McCheeney, the poet, made an enthas^a9(fi|9r^The Convention was opened bj a prayer from the cause if the precedent was now established it will be States with electoral votes behind them. The Con--en- ports as to encourage the development of tho industrial rued in the Declaration of American Indci>ondonce. fpeech in favor of the eld* hero, and offered a song toRev. Mr. TATTKN of Chicago.A n invitation extended to the Delegates to take atrip over the Rock Island Railroad to Davenport, Iowa, by the President of that Company, was laid on the table. jfraught with danger in future.,. ; 'interest of the whole country, and wo commend that policy of national exchanges which secures to the[Loud applause.]Mr. OTEER of Indiana, said that he believed ir Ithehe pungat the* mass meeting. Mr. A. M. Geutrro* Texas spoke enthusiastically in favOr of Sam Hon*-; .to! the purty. These were the motives which influenc ed Rules of Order, reported a series for the Convention. of Mr. Blair, and regarded this whole movement as thl 5 Commit tee's action.' .'\speak when1 several delegates from Pennsylvania said,policy which regards the settlers as paupers or suppli- which had been out of the Union, knew its value. Sam ,cants for public bounty, and we demand the passage by "put it ir. and.say no more about it." was in favor of it. He was not too old if he was 66. Con'giess cf the complete and satisfactory^Homestead Gtn NVE—That, gentlemen, is all I want, and 1 am Before he came away from Texas, be noticed a great' mcature which Las already parsed the House. glad that tie fear of a speech from me has induced gen- fat boy, two years old,who was Sam Houston's young-1Fvurlewdh: That the National;Republican.party is tlemen tc give way. [Laughter and applause.] Tho est, and he looked as though he was good for a good : . opposed to any change in our Naturalization laws, or amendment was then adopted. many more yet. Ho could serve bis country at homft- auyStatelegislationbywhichtherightsofcitizenship Theresolution,asamended,was.passedutani-jifnowhereelse. ;.,\ ".. .i ^;*«-.^The firfet rule, giving a list of the States in order, was pernicious. Maryland was entitled to a full vote here, IJudge JAMES of New-York, on the part of yMfound to have omitted the State of New-York, which excited much laughter.New-Y ork protested againut the omission. Among the rules was the following:"ThatfourvotesbecastbyDebatesatLargeand two for each Congressional District; that three hundred and four votes shall be considered a majority of the wKole number of votes when all the States inthe Union are represented, and that the Convention on this ratio be required to nominate candidates." .Loud cries of 'r No! " " No ! " with mingled cheers and hisses.Mr. JAMKS of New-York desired to say that only seventeeuout of twenty -seven States were represented when the rule requiring 304 votes was adopted by onefor without Henry Winter Davis of that State the Re- mmority, said a rule had already been adopted by .ne publicans would have had no opportunity to investi Convention which gave 446 votes as a full vote of 'liegate the frauds of the Democracy. [Cheers.] The Convention. • TLe majority was therefore substantially Republican party is not- a sectional party, and he a ]WiO-third vote—304 being oniy seven votes short of•'majority'by the Committee.ity report a substitute for said rule requiring a majority of all the votes cast to nominate. [Cheers And hiss* s.JMr. CARTER of Ohio said this was an important period of the proceedings. He called for the report of of the Committee on Credentials, and moved that the report on the rules lie on the table for the present.-Carried.Mr. BXNTON of New-Hampshire, from the Commit-tee onfrom twenty-four States. Pennsylvania had aent four from each Congressional District, and Iowa eight.Mr. DAVIS of Massachusetts moved to refer back the State of Texas to the Committee.Mr. WILMOT of Pennsj-lvania moved to refer back, also, the States of Maryland, Kentucky, and Virginia. ' T^Jis was a representative body, and men who repre- sent no constituencies should not come here with a full vote. Such practices would demoralize and break upthe party. In Maryland thirty persons had gathered :&t Baltimore'and sent delegates herd There was no tarty organization there, and would be none until the Republicans had wrested the Government from the hands of its present possessors. These delegates repre- *» 'Seutfto Republican constituency, and if the precedent is established, there will goon be delegates in the Re- publican Convention from every State of the Union. They' had been sent there to demoralize and break up the party, and in favor of some Northern intrigue.it should be otherwise here. If the majority rule should prevail, it would seem.like a secret blow at a candidate who had done no wrong. [Loud and prolonged ap- plaute.] This act neither he nor any of the gallant hearts from Pennsylvania around him would allow. [Cheers,]. [Loud cries of •" Question—question," and a vote by States was demanded. .exit-ting Commerce, are authorized by the Constitution and justified by an obligation of the Government to pr<fceetthe lives and property of its citizens.Sixteenth': That^railroad to the Pacific Ocean is imperatively demanded.by the interests of ihe whole country; that the Federal Government ought to lender immediate and efficient aid in its construction, and that as preliminary thereto a daily overland mail should beCredentials, thenr e t r i e dno contentedseatsjMr. GOODRICH of Minnesota asked that the repre- sent atiyes cf the People's party of Pennsylvania be ex- cused from voting.He pre»en(V-d as a minor-prophecicd,ashedidfouryoursago,thatatthenext National Convention the whole of the Slave States in the Union would bo represented. [Applause.] The Republicans desired to make no war on the Slave States. That was an invention of the enemy, arid, he called on the Convention to do no act that could look like sectionalism.Mr. OYI.KU of Indiana called attention to the call for the National Convention, which he read. Tnis was a question which could be raised. The call had invited all who dtsir* d to overthrow tho corrupt Democracy in the States to act with the Convention. If not, they were the most arrant knaves and hypocrites. They could not now deiy the right of representa'ation to the Slave States. [Loud cheers.] The Territory and District of Columbia vcere, however, differently situ- ated. They were not included in the case. They could give no vote for the ticket, and he was- willing to ad- mit them to the llobr; but be did not deem it right to give them a vote in the nomination of the ticket. .Gov. RXXDER said much unnecessary declamationhad been used on this question. No proposition hasbeen made to disfranchise any State here. All thetwo-thirds.ThiswastheruleofDemocraticConvci-ti< ns, and had been suggested in-order to carry out t ieD mocratic .policy of allowing the minority to rule taehitherto accorded to immigrants from foreign lauds m< usly. After another song, the Glee Club were thanked- shall b» abridged or impaired; and in favor of giving a A scene of the wildest excitement followed,) the T wo new songs were handed in and read. Df. Has-tion knew there were some gentlemen here, ironvStates, honored wherever courage is honored,, bdtwhere there are but few Republicans. They are :nenwho would go forth with their lives in their hands tnd workingmen liberal wages, to agriculture remunerating Declaration of Independence, but was it nece68ary!!> to ton. He had heard a man say within 24 hours,Loud cries of " Question," " Question."Mr. BLAIR of Maryland indorsed all that had been ui|ite with others in restoring the Government to *he prices, to mechanics and manufacturers an adequate"Who in hell , i Is John Bell?"No schoolboy did not know Sam Houston. He said they 1said by the gentleman- from Pennsylvania. He did toiicy of the Fathers, but thev did not- come wjt'i a lL-i.'~i *.» ii^:« «wn •t«i«. piytyand organization at their backs.- When the Com- W ^ ^ f o r t l e u f Al>labor a n d-'-* **- put it in the platform ? [Loud shouts of " Yes,"|'ycs;"]; He was told it was—then he would say! that it wi>8 already in. [Cries of " Put it in twice."].} Henot desire that his State should exercise any con- mitteo considered that theee delegates would be ad idt-entcrpnse, and to the *"' rati* n commercial prosperity and independence.A letter was then read asking the President if hecould not send some effective speaker to entertain trolling power here, and was willing that every in- tc<! with a mil electoral vote, they feared that unl20,000 Republicans and their wives {laughter] outsidealienation to others of "the public.lauds held by actual the iirtt chflpter to the last. ' assembled anywhere in Texas to elect delegates to thethe building. The letter was greeted with loud cheers. made.R. M. CORWXH of Ohio, from the Committee on Gov. CLEVKLAND was not satisfied with the remarkshe, smh as would not baye a majority of the v'represented actually having Republican votes to lot er settlers, and against any view of 'the free Homestead iGcn. K b now took the floor, and was proceeding to Chicago Convention, and lived till morning. Texas,' quiry into the regularity of the Delegates should be tl.js rule was adopted the nominees of the party in" •had but two parties in Texas, American and Democratic^, fe. Thirteenth: That wo protest'against any sale or thought it would be as propor to put in tho Biblb from - Texas Republicans were bogus. No men could hav«tvn:|iiority. [Great applause.] If the majority report; full and efficient protection to the rights of all classes immense multitude rising and giving round ter brouck, Chairman, of the Committee, reported that:8 ing negative votes to absent Southern States, shov.ld? of- citizens, whether native or naturalized, both at- round of applause; 10,000 voices swelled into arof r so they bad agreed to recommend a mass meeting onIe»adopted, the same* policy would be "initiated hei^' home or abroad. |arJ to this he was opposed. [Loud applause.]iW.lB. MANN of Pennsylvania said he came from adeafening that for several minutes every attempt to Wednesday next in Union square, at 8 o'clock, torestore order was hopelessly vain. The multitude lout- respond to the nomination of Gen. Sam Houston for (side took up and reechoed the cheers, making the »:ene President. The report of the Committee was adopted. 'of enthusiasm and excitement unparalleled in any sim- On motion of Mr. Beatty, the Committee was appoint- ilar gathering. ed a Committee of Arrangements, with power to addAmid the confusion, it mas motioned to adjour: i till to their numbers. Mr. W ainwright thought longer | 10 o'clock to-morrow. Lost. time would be necessary to get up the right sort of aMr. GOODRICH of Minnesota moved to ballot fi>r a meeting. Mr. Bryce said all they bad to -do was to candidate for President. I, get speakers', put up a stand, and advertise, in t h e 'Much confnbion and crieti of "Ballot" ensued, amid papers. The time was reconsidered, and fixed forEijicirdh : That appropriations by Congress for River and Harbor Improvements of a national charac- St ite where the majority rules. He know no reason why ter, required for the accommodation and security of anjvVhen Pennsylvania was called, she asked for time. promptly established.QUESTION.Seventeenth .• Finally, having thus set forth our dis- tinctive" principles and views, we invite the cooperation of all citizens, however differing on other questions, wl o substantially agree with us in their- affirmance andfrom Pennsylvania had found it necessary to retire to When the resolutions were read, „several elicited'j|Cri< s of " Order—order," and hisses.Mr. REIDF.R of Pennsylvania said that the delegates support.ing Democrats of the county. J. R. Hunter presided. Foreign Affairs whether he was prep:u*ed to give theNorthern States asked-was that they should be put onan equality with the Southern States. If the Northern consult. He understood some person to say"that the warm applause, i 'House any information as to the present position of theThe resolution in favor of a Protective Tariff was received with unbounded enthusiasm by Pennsylvania, .and a large crowd or omsiuera—the wWK, Jvicgutiono and spectators rising, and giving round after round ofdeafening cheers. •• ;( •-• Mr. CAKTEK of Ohio said he was confident that, all approved of the resolutions, and therefore moved theprevious question.Mr. GmmNGs of Ohio asked his colleague to with-draw the call for the previous question, in order .to en- able him to offer an amendment to the platform.jority of the votes cast only to nominate, -was adopted,331 Yeas; 130 nays. [Loud and prolonged, ap- Mr. GinDzxGs—Docs my colleague desire to cutFf«*f)ported the following:THE PLATFORM. jResolved, That we; the delegated representatives of tlje Republican Electors of the United :States, in Con- vention assembled, in the discharge - of the duty we owe to our constituents and our country, unite in the following declarations:off? .'..' - .. '•'Mr. CAnTER—You, and all others." The bell which will toll the death knell of sectional- which was refused by the American Government. 1:„ The rules as amended were then adopted. 1There was a fine pyrotechnic display, in which!" the the treaty. We agsiu replied to that, and then thereFirst: That the history of the nation during the histf( iir years has fully established the propriety and neces-H y of the organization and perpetuation of the Repub-li an party, and that the causes which called it into ex- Mr. CARTER of Ohio—I desire to move an amqp'd-Juan, the honorable gentleman is aware that Gen.ie e-nce are permanent in their nature, and now moretile Federal Constitution, the rights, of the States, and of the.Republic had embodied it in the Declaration ofajigmmtalien of wealth; its happiness at home and its the amendment at some length.'his command last October,!nominally for this port,'i L m b e rthreat of disunior, so often made by Democratic mem-bers of Congress without rebuke and with applause the gentleman from Ohio certainly embodied greatof Coiiffretshas utteredor countenancedfixm their political associates; and we denounce.those t aeats of disunion, in case of a popular overthrow of tjj.eir ascendency, as denying the vital principles, of aee 'Government, and as an avowal of contemplated iV N ii, which it/is the imperative duty of an iudig' rjk nt j eople ttrcngly to rebuke and forever silence.Fovrth : That the maintenance inviolate of the rights 01'the States, and especially the right of eacli State to o'-der and control its own domestic institutions, aCcord- •ii g to its own judgmcntWclufcively, is essential to that l^lance of power on which the perfection and endur- ance of our political faith depends, and we'denouncetruths, but many great truths had been left out of the declaration of independence. He for one believed in the Ten Commandments, but he did not desire to see tl e.ni embodied in the platfoijm. :[Applause]. 'The motion and amendment were then lost by a large vote.Mr. WII.MOT moved to strike out of the fourteenth resolution, in relation to the Naturalization laws, theuwords,words might be' construed as an. attack upon State rights.RECRUITS viiol<r GOVERNOR'S ISLAND SKNT TOTerritory, no matter under what pretexjt, as among tho f.raveet of crimes.This vote created great intercut and excitement.was not, however, regarded as a test vote, as theSotithem States voted Aye because of the delicacy of ipon the protesting people of Kansas—in construing Mr. VY'ILMOT said he might have misunderstood the their position. the |; personal relation between master and servant to resolution. H e thought the resolution denied thetunscoal. ! .Presbyterian General low an essay entitled Popping the Question. The ex-!|JII• The Convention reassembled with the largest num- involve an unqualified property in persons—in its right of any State to change its laws relative to the ber of spectators yet present, every inch of room attemited enfoicen.ent everywhere, on land and sea, votes: of naturalized citizens. It had been explainedOld Sehool Assembly.ercises were enlivened with music by Dodsworth's Band.Untitled Documentorder the previous question by 155 to 301.Mr. G'DDiNns of Ohio moved to add to the first res-olution the following:'' That we solemnly re-assert the self-evident truths,that all men are.endowed by the Creator with c^tain inalienable rights, among which are those of hfe^iib- erty, and the pursuit of happiness; that governments are intended among "men to secure the enjoyment of these rights." ;-'.-.RteblutionB were adopted, faithfully adhering to and would make a reply to our dispatch. But the last in- cordially sustaining the great principles of the revolu- telligence which I received was, that Gen. Cass wasMr. CARTER said it was all gas that had been ex-or any State Legislation." He thought theseThe Canadian Parliament, jQUKISKC, Friday, May 17, IS^O. The bill of the Hon. Mr. Ross, compelling all ijorjaign ins irancc companies and agencies in Canada to make deposits withtue Government, was passed at a;thirdcalled, numbering about 200, has to be kept continually on the Inland for guard duty and rowing tbe barges. Lieut. Dudley and ^Capt. Clarke were placed in com- mand of the departing recruits, who are instructed to proceed directly to Fort Leavenworth, where recruits freux tLe Carlisle Barracks, Pennsylvania, and theNewport Barracks, Kentucky, will join them. .i•COLUMBIAN LITERARY CUB.—This Association celebrated its ninth anniversary last night at the Uni- versity Chapel, several members of the Club entertain- ing the audience with essays and poems. The Presi- dential address, a carefully prepared paper, was de- livered by George W. Boyd. Messrs. P. IJ. Bowne and W . L. Keese delivered poems and Mr. V . B. Dens-I desire to get a" ism where Everett gbes/j' w.-is rung during the pro- They stated over again their claim to the same cession. '' " ••/•'.•! v channel which they bad originally claimed soon after^eparty wnspropprly known. The correction one man who was fit for the Presidency in l861^ww|PRAKCIS'P: BLAIR paid that if necessary, hewo"ldtion, approving the ratifying proceeaiegs of the Balti- more Convention, and "declaring the selection of the candidates eminentlv judicious.1 -- jej peeling to receive orders to prepare an answer to that dispatch, and it will,depend upon the terms of that answer whether we will be able to lay the correspond- ence on the table of the House, or whether it will not. require previously some answer on the part of her' . iiResolutions were passed unanimously, requestingthe President to issue an address in reference to the negotiations between this country- and the United action of the Charleston Convention; that the friends States, with reference to the Island of San Juan; and of Douglas hold a meeting in the various precincts to whether he had any objection to lay the correspondence instruct the delegates to the National Convention at with the United States Government on that subject— Baltimore, and: asking that the County Committee on upon the table of the House. The honorable gentlcinan. Coneepondence call.a Convention on the 5th of June boped that tli«ra*yMo •lorJ.x5««j^'«*r^****M.O*» *>wke-at*.t<«ito instruct for Douglas. | The Democracy of j this the nature of the compromise which had been 0 $ ^ ^ county are generally enthusiastic for TlougW. I i'; into. < , .LOUISVILLE, Ky.', Thursday, May 17, 18w0.The Hon. John Bell has arrived here enrouleto patched to Utah. Owing to the draft of .550 men senther*Drand the Rev,,.. . ^ VICTORY- FOR'D R .CHEKVERAND HI«1 I-, www.fultonhistory.comm 