 aa»-«ltMk of* Bin from Ust rear. He took FBOK IDQCICO. lOM nrtkia mr •Iom ooald ths Canalinta«laadtta iaaaeUa eoDdlUoa oftba The OaBiynlsa .vTwI. He eonelndadbT arguing that thUlo satisfactory. Oar lettan make BeBtlaB of " someI8,IXW projectiles," but of what eallbre isaitsaid, Vereed nor bare we other informatloa as lo the sa jply ofpowder, Ae. We preeaisa, bowerer, that t iking a lesson Irom the failure last year, the city is well pro- vided.FMOMKANSAS.The I.ecleIaUTe Trade la DlTarcM—Caae afaA. i- Bleecker. Baa * Cm.,GENERAL ADonOVHBS. Nss. } aad t Plne-sA, near BiMdvarr OlrsDetiee*H« IHDBFMMBIIW, WU* vm be pahUshed THUBIBATwileealolBtheUhIfEWBomubill iDoUlBoflgjiira railroad nock, but be, latrath,That they are now prepared t» sales ofgive thatr atteaUoalent-mm»"i*»moSb4Ma*tnxh»mii.am Ito aixAe at length agatojt the bill,JttatItbaaaa»oecomaanacknowledgedatrvflite m caaal lerwaiden, who were endearoring.Pi Mn I i E URTBK ON SITNDAT BOMOOLB.BYJWT. BTBTBBN H. T-TNG, D D. These letters are ooBmaadiag the atk<:nUoB ef Pa-to iSSe ftaUht on to the canals, against rallnad cor- '~era-Ateaat n Da«l.BOUBEHOLDFORKTUBE, either atke resideneta of persons or at^>tiijng hl< araument ne alladed to the .atm^ Uu Itat-Ttrk «««. Mixioo, Wednesday,deelinlBg bonsekeepiag,'tSenti of the Penni7lranla Central and St^oS'^Railroads had been In Albany the rwitof the aewloo, endearoring to aid ttaepas- mM» ofue Pr» ICata bIJl, and qnoted from the retarna of dUfcient llnea of rallxoads t# prove that the com-»irr*tr*i.i Cnr orWublngtaaApplieaat—The Righlaaftliey liare been hauled to a certain height, they split apart and damp their contents to tne ground. I know Bet Iiow many times the backet has been thus filledanddamped,butithasoccurredquiteoften. So often that the many begin to despair of ever getting things fixed 'right, and very few are sanguine of gotnAthrough.torious enemy they give him severe treatment, and if by chance connected with the army they hang or shoot him. In the past month these guerillaa have frequently passed up under the walls of this Capital without receiving any molestation from the garrison. The other evenmg they took a person out of the om nibus that runs between the grand plaza and a village—Reviews of New Books —Extracts from Dr.Oldham at Greyttonet, and Mlche-let's La Femme.AoiicLTcaAi.—Items for the Farmers. Emascipatiok in Jamaica—Fifth Letter from our, . ,^ ..„obstacles In petUoB of rlral rotttee was to be feared. The Com- Mexico—that of raising money—has been overcome.Lawainca, Monday, Feb. 20, 1860. It waa not my design, at the time of my last let-Broadway, ooraor of «U»- BBKOTAL.ard the blU was made the ntMeethearoH, specialOlder for to-morrow. Adjonmed.erals bare been called upon to signtmSMMKI AH) OOllUPnoS HOT DiBcoruip— who have refused to concur in tills denouncementter,float Onr Albany Conespondeat.Hare remoredNe. 4W BROADWAY, between Grand and Bnwme st«.MARRIED.MUBTOB«IMTOSIOOSKAILBOADS—TBI havebeenthrowninprison;aftertheseand exampleshere tbefirst week of the session of our Legislature,WaTSU—ToiluliaoH.-In this onCity, Monday.RET,Terms.-By man, «2 ayear; by earrier, tIM.fiOTSBaOK TO BBSD ItT A BFIOIAL XSSSAOI IS VATO* or THB MCASITXI—IHI PBOXT BILL TO rA88„ wta., no.Aiaurr, Monday, Feb. 37, I860.the capitalists were called upon to give money for the defence of Mexico and her holy religion against the Yankees, which they have done. A most extrava- gant new contribution has been imposed, which at- tacks foreigners as well as natives. It is assessedand, the mtercesslon of a friend, immediate- throughly made application for a divorce from his wife, RaODA STaoToxit, living at Washington. Several of the members in both houses were approached on thebutFeb. 21, by Rev. Albert B. King. Mr. Wm. H. Wiltsib In Miss haosA A. ToKUMsoa, daughter of Abraham Tomlinsoa.X^ HaoM wuTrp tata MU—that been made the upon landlords and tenants, employeis and employes,gave him little or no en-Esa.jW Poaghkeepsie papers please copy. BaiMB--aioaa8.—At HamiltomN.r.,on Wednesday.Feb. 22, at St. Thomas' Church, by Rev. O. Graves. Rector, HXJIBT D. fl. Ssidsb, Jr.. of Port beyden, Lewis ConntT, N. Y. . to Hiss Clabla B. Stoaas, of Eaton,JOSEPH H. RICHARDS, PabUsher, Ne. t Beekmaa-st.MISS I.IICY A. KANDALL.Another splendid stery, written far the NEW-YORKWEEKLY, (the best story and sketch paper pabUsbsl,)will be oommenced next THnRaDAY, eatitled AHTall the moming consideriBg thesubject,Aflataat Ten Cms— Centrlhmaaa—oniauUBa ar Ike BHclah IMlBlafer—Saeeoaaea mr the lilberale la theiMarfap-TheIrBcepeetli»r Vmnlgm-MOBMDrS,ThecamptUgn againstB. B. DTTtB, Agent, No. W7av. and 23d- St.rt Bts.Teaeberi.OIergyBea In Sonday Beboals.peraeae interestedbeeneonunenced,and thegreatestof allhare hurled tneir anathemas upon the natural enemies of Mexico; the superannuated Gen-Collanore &TbeclergyDawbIKPOBTEBS OF CHINA. GLASS. *o.,a4K> no BATA iiu. nr thk assskblt—thi the Juarez clique traitors to Mexico, and all those it is not my duty as a journalist to be silent.anbject baring and buyers as well as sellers. But as this new con•padal oidsr {h this morning more than ten days ago. tributlon Is Imposed for the defence of the country sumed that the members had some innate conscious-Atlha'oaamMneement, Mr. FLiaua, on behalf of (M'UaBda of the measure, submitted a vubstltute for potiiaa of the bill, by which the prices are graduated on a scale of per centages, glrlng an Increased rateagainst the Yankees, bo one in tlds quarter dares tofind special fault with it. Foreigners dare not objectto it, for If they did they would be banlshea, as severalhave been on previous occasions. And as for indem-nity for sach occurrences, we see there Is no chanceowing to tbe utter indifference of all foreign Govern-took a recess, and ordered a special session this ments for the protection of their citizens and subjects Ington City, from various public men, and resident in Mexico. among them were Hon. Messrs. CaiTumns, Coi-for rery riJort distances.That this substitute might be printed, the Houseday appeared here again. His main evidence In favor of a dl vorce was a pocket full of letters, written at Washfor U>e purpose of again considering it In Committee of the Whole.erenlagTheclergyareIntmusualhighfeatherovertheir wiK,PovALL,andPABSon. Theselettersrepresent-successes here on their own ground, and positivelyed that Mr. SraoTHsa was regarded there as a very hu isotdated to be had next Wednesday. I amrery cannot see they are In the slightest danger. Gassuo mane and worthy gentleman, but that he had beenTon will reeoitect that the final reading of the billThere-was a caucus at the Executive Chamber onSaturday evenUg, to consider the condition of theState ilmances, and to devise Ways and Means for off one of the barriers. The chief of the band is a London, from our Special Correspondent. jalsiag the money necessary to keep the wheels of bit of a wag, and very impudent withal. It is saidCoreioment greased and running. The Governor, be sleeps more than half the time in a bouse in thisState Officers, the Finance Committees of the Senate city, lie professes great respect for all foreignersand Assembly, were piesent. Some two or three out- About a week ago he rob'-jeJ asiders were let in. except Spaniards.KETcnAM.—In Brooklyn, on Thursday, Feb. 23, Pubbb J, PETXB3, Wife of JoLu S. Ketcbam,PED ROYEQIBBR ,1,It was net finally determined what should be convoy of money, ihinkins It belonged to a Span- done—or rather, not ail that should be done. lard, tiut on finOmg out that the money belonged to cialRooRBACB.—In Brooklyn, on Sunday. Feb. 'J6,Sut ToUing Raitivads was set down as a party mea- core. The Governor will send In a Special Message,upon meMsxico-Latest news from Mexico, from our Spe- Correspondent.years.Relatives and friends are invited to attend her faneral,on Tuesday, Feb. 28. at 2 o'clock F. M., from the Friends' Meetinfr-house. in Schcmerhcrn-st., Brooklyn, without turtber notice.-arguing the question, and enforcing 1'France andthethe SouthernA duel was arrangea, on Monday of this week, be- Prof. CuuncXT Allah Goodsich was bom in New- tween M. ns Babus, of tbe £sla/>cte, and the Mar-Singer' Sewlag r*iacblnea. No. 2 sewing machinesNo. 1 sewing machinesTbe family sewing machine, A The family sewing machine Hemming ganges$100 90 TS 66 4Baren, Oct. 23, 1790graduated at Yale in 1810 ;The former is a Red Republican Democrat, and the latter a Jesuit, and at present conducting the Gabrlac organ In this city. ThealTair out of a denouncement of thegrew Bttrfetteby the Esperanza, andlconcluded as report says, by tbeI. M. SINGBB A CO, No. 4U Broadway, N. Y., No. ISO Falton-sL. Brooklyn,OroTer 4k Baker's Nelaeleia FAMILY SEWING MaCHIHBS,THE BS8T IN USE.No. 495 Broadway, New-York. No. 182 Fnlton St., Brooklyn.BartfaoiPe CBLIBRATED SEWING KAOHINES.These superior machines are adapted to Family sew- ing and to Plantation and manuCactaring uses, and are nneqoaled in exeellence and slmolicity.°f teemed the best n thewhich is language. In 1852 he pub-_ These are our latest mall advices from^he capital,•but just before the S«tr sailed, on the 10th, aa expressExtraJ^^SS^i, '"£'"TM*'T'synonyms,es-PrartlealBoat and Shoe Itlalcer. experience.Mramxtngland, has been eitenalralv rir.Prepared Cllae.;quis Ds Saks, of tbe Esperanza,onlyfive of days,of tlie Pastoral Charge in the Theological Seminary, as a general rule, rejoice at the fall that has conse-a poaiUoa which he occupied until his death—a pe- quently taken place in Gabriac stock. The Frenchriod of twenty years. In 1820, he was elected Presl- sayBATHOLFway, comer Howard-at^o'clock.arrsBt cowards at the bottom.deBtofWllUams College, but declined to accept thatbaaot. Id 1635, he receired the degree of Doctor of FROM OUR FILES.Sirlalty from Brown University. The New-Haren mibauon's bxpbditiom against tbba cbuz.Jawnal, ia notieinir the death of Prof: Goosaioa,Perry'M JapaneseBdOT AM) SHOE POLISH. Splendid f(lo3j. No ruhbioi;. Soils nntTiiQ,^.Sold everywhere. JAPAm;SK POLISH CO.. No. 447 Broamc-st, one door we^it of Bru:idwt.r.Feb, JO, at the reeidepce of his »ou, Mr. PsrtE Van Bc- BiK, io tbeB2d year of bis age, f'lr m^retluiniO years a resident of Onondasa County. N. Y., father of Mr, Jas. Van Buren. o' this City.From tie Nev-Orleant Pieayme, Feb. 19." In 1814, he prepared a Greek Granomar, which The mails of the schooners Star, Capt. Qamiio!!, was generally used and was printed in several edi- and VirgrnM Antoinette, Capt. Sbisa, from Vera Cmstions. In 1827, he superintended the abridgement of the 10th mst., before announced, came to band this.\t >'airtleld. Coon., on Wednesday morning.auma op his literary labors as follows :WtbMter'M Quarto American Dictiotiary, which was so moming.widely circulated throughout the country. In 1829, dition against Alvarado and Vera Cruz.be established the Quarterly Ckrittian Spectator, A letter from tbe City of Mexico the 6tb, says that which he edited for nearly ten years, with great la- the whole number of men composing the expedition bor, zeal and enterprise, under circumstances occa- is 6,600, including the reinforcements to be made on aioning much anxiety to himself and his friends. the way down, at Puebla, Orizaba, Jalapa, die. Thet40 SEWING HaCHINC. 940 ' Agentswanted. OfliceNo.U»Broadway.VSRNON k CX).Barry's Trieapheraaa is theBEST AND CHEaPEar AKTIOLI ,^ For DBKSSIJ.G. BEAUTIFYING, CL»AieniG. CURL- ING, IRkSKRVINO AND BE8T0MN0 THE HAIR. Ladles, try it. For sale by all druggists and perfumers.frheelar dfc WHaoa'a Serrlac nsuhlae. They are the farorites tor families.— 7Va«s.Dt prefer them for family use.- IVi»iiiM.OBoe No. 106 Broadway. Mew-York.asit went against the grain to do so, saymg he had too much re.Editobxals—Articles on currentan Eng.ishmanheagreed togiveitup,muchtopics, concerningFeb. 1, 1800. Vera Crux has alreadyDeMarst &c.etTTttpindtnet <^ tkt Woe- York Tima.their SPACIOFgOrders can be left withpaper declaringofA gentleman named Robbst S. Srsoraia, from Washington City, but a native of Kentucky, arrivedto their new state,g|ie yeiP'gork gfam^; >ftAag« #Ar»wfc-»8, i8<dSavoy,•majort^ as necessary for the oarty. Under this spect fur the British Minister to rob those uuder his tion, Spiiitualism, Wholesale Massacres, Kansas, &c. Bbar.— In WiUiamsburgh, on 3:ibbath moming, Feb.lirlrlng it is expected the bill will pass.I beUere that tbe blU to prohibit stockbolders Incharge. Rather an equivocal compliment. Makociz, it is said, has been reconciled to Miuboii and is to have a command in the Vera Cruz expedi- tion. Certainitis,bewillnotbefurthermolestedbyand CoNUBBSS-Full2S. ot InflammaLioo of tne brain, am&noa Aldoba, daughter of Franklin J. and Am:kLda M. Bean, aged 4 years.-Kailroad corporations from voting by proxy will also be driven through as a parly measure, it is being pushed now as such— the friends of the bill justifyingmestic,City Intelligence.The friends of her parents, and those of her ancles, WilliamT.and.lohnS.Shelley,andthefamiliesofF. Fbom TBS Pacitic- Our Special Correspondence O.J.Smith and Stokem. are affectionately invited to Ihelr action upon the ground that the Central Rail- Mi&AHOii. The arrest and trial were only bits of from California, Soulh America, and Central Amer- attend ber faneral, from No. 142 South 3d- St.. Wullams-road managers use the money and matir el of taat corporation to advance the men and meaai^res of thegammon, to add to MiBAuoK'3 reputation at a certain moment.MiaAuoif will likely leave for Vera Cniz on the 4th or Gth. It is said Masquzz may be left be left behind at the head of the Government. If this be done, there will be a general stampede froiA here of for- eigners. The force to be thrown upon the heroic city is C,Oi/0 men. The last of these left here two days ago, to march to Tlascala first, and ghe Caxvajal a drabbii.g.Yesterday the Liberals from Morella, to the num- ber of about 1 ,010, who had taken possession of To- iuca, retired from that place for Morella again.ica.PASSxnasa Lists—Arrivals and departures of Euro-pean Passengers.Personal, Obituary, and Miscellaneous Items, Mar-ket Reports, Marriages and Deaths, &c.barfib, on Tuesday afternoon, Feb. 28, at 2 o'clock, with- out further invitation.tS' California papers please copy.Dewbt.—At Harlem, on Sunday, Feb. 26. JosBPa S.Dewxt,Jr.,senofJosephS.andEarrietteDewey, aged 2« s ears.Tte relstives and friends are invited to attend his fu- neral, on Tuesday, Feb. '28, at 11 o'clock A. H. His re- mains will be taken to Southport for interment.TowKBEKD —At Clifton, Staten island, on Friday. Feb. 24 SCSAN B., Kite of nm.B.Tonniend, aged 6a years.The friends of the family are invited to attend her fa- neral, from ber late residence, on Tuesday afternoon, at 2H o'clock, without further notice.Wiltsib.-At Hudson City. N. J., on Sunday morniag, Feb. 26, kuzA A., wife of George Wiltsle, aged J& years. The relatives and friends ot tbe family are requestee to attend her funeral, en Tuesday, at 1 o'clock, from herlate residence, without farther notice.tS^ Dutchess County papers please copy. White.—At Tanar, HupXins C/Oanty, Texas, on Sat-Jan. 7, after a short illness ofpnenmonia. Wiluau B. Whiib, in the 36th year o. bis age, son of Thomas White, Esq., of this City, formerly ot Jefferson County, this Sute.MS^ Jefferson b'ouaty papers please copy.Davis.-At klmira, on 'Tuesday morning, Feb. 21, after a short but severe Illness. Lobain S., wife of A. A. Da- vis, aged 58 years and 9 months.A9~ Poaghkeepsie, Albany, Palmyra and Buffalo pa- pers please copy.ACBBBHAKH.—At Fisbkill, on Monday, Feb. 27, Miss A»!» AcKERMAHM, in the 78th year of her aire.Funeral from the residence of J acob Sebriog, CarthageLanding, on Wednesday morning atDemocratic Party.LEO.OBITUAHT.I>eatli sf Fraf. C. A. Goodrich.atfor mailing—price 4 cents.The venerable Professor Goodeich, of Yale Col-lege, died suddenly on Saturday last, at his residencein New-Haven. He had been laboring for the previoustea days und'r an attack of bilious pneumonia, fromwhich, however, he was believed to be gradually re-covering, when a sadden stroke of paralysis, followed . by a second shock at the interval of only a fe w hours, put an end to his life. He died at the age of 70 years.was Tutor in Tale College from 1812 to 1814 ; and in 1816. liartng completed a coarse of theological study, was Installed as Pastor of the First Church in Mlddletown, Conn. On the accession of Dr. DAr to the Presidency of Yale College In 1817, Mr. GoosaicH was elected Pro- fessor of Rhetoric and Oratory in that Institution, but reiinquished the office in 1639, to accept the chairCopies may be procured readythe counter. In wrappersIn 1^, he a series and artillery consist of some fifty-two pieces, of which sixprepared of Latin Lessons, and the a like series of Greek Lessons for begl» are selge mortars carrying 84 pound shells,aooaner^ both of which works have been often reprinted. rest 36, 24, and 12 pounders.^tnThe munitions are saidcannon:In IMtaad '47 he prepared, with great labor and care, to comprise some 500 shells and 15,000Berlaed Zditlonsof the Unabridged and Abridged with otoer munitions in proportion.X>ictloBaries of Wibstsx, and in 18J6, the University The greater part of the expedition had already left, edition of the same work. In 18i9, he prepared an on the 6th, and Misauos himself was to follow ontae appendix for the Pictorial Edition of ten thousand 8th. wlihan escort of 500 cavalry. Roblss PsiosiAnew words and new definiUons, with a rery fuU andhad been named second In command.DELAWABB LOTTERIES.;MANUSACTURING CO., No.434Broad-dx Sard that he had exceed- acknowledgingMarquised the limits of decent journalism, and averring that lie Intendeo nothing persoaai. Tne alTdir has create:! a great fluster amongst tbe French population, who," —Like master, like man" loud In talk, butIIVar Bcbxn.—In Chautauque County, on Monday,The news concerns the expe- principallyly and noiseless, doable-thread tuul, flrst-claia, rapidon-flrituA 'wWc^ cameinwiththeInlelUgencethattheGeneraldid.InThIi.nURyI-NonBeRfueairisK'SASUN,No. lae >'ultoD-Bt.. west of Broadway.Eloquence, iaperlor anjiwng of the kind. It received theA rumor bad also reached the city that the vanguard of the expe-']V».'SS.S£r"1^lt'o„'i',':!>*°''^ SSS!^OI Enll'S"!an"dh°"hR^-sCuoat. and Lordfact, set out, as promised, on the 6th. dition, marching from Jalapa, had alreadyCA,reached however,^Besilee perform ng the literary Ubor InvWed in that the trains and body of the men would come do wn icinaf«t "4 byCoatedhighi, commtll'a.the Puente Naclonal,It waspresumed,Fob sals ivietwh^u. H. C. SPALDINO A CO.. . i,«00. Mo.48Cedar-st.GEO.C.JOS. SEAL. JAMESODNCAN.andalwaj.GORDON,•preparing and edlUng these vartous works, Prof Good- the other road via the Cumbres.»1CB has been prominently connected wluS- manr In the meantime the greatest activity prevailed at Of tbe meet Important beneyolent socieUesToT^hl Vera Cruz. Among other works of defence, we learncountry, and has been always very highly ^teenled a letter thst " a new and strong fort, by privateP. O. address. Box Nofor tbe thoroughness, sagacity and energV with mounting six 84 pounders and two smaller pieces, had of Hernia or Baptaie, at No. 2 Vesey-*. I*Ues walt^ -which be has discharged the many pubiii duties been thrown up near that portion of the walls where upon by a remale In private rooms. Trasses of everyBDBY A CO., Wilmington, Del., or Aggnsta. 8a.which hare In this way been imposed upon him,Gen,Scott made the breach,"when he took the city.description (or permanent retention of raptors, IwtningWATCHB8 AND JEWEIiBTAs an Instructor, Prof. GoonaicH was enthusiasticline of so-called sandtrasses, supporters, shoalder-braeea, suspensorybanda-tuntiring, and effective, always Impressing himselfThis, we believe, completes the»nkleU,and all ges, silk elastic stocklngs.knee-eape, MARSH Asornical apollmnoes solendflcally applledtky2 Astor Hoase, New-York.OFAlso, SILVER AND PLATED WARB, for sale byinspiring them to the highest effort«t>on hisHe guided them to Imitate models of clear and elo <)uent thinking, and taught them to express thel own thoughts In a chaste and manly style. As an officer of the he was singularly actire andthree years since, and now encirclingcity. The new fort looks out towards the cemetery CO., Ne. Vesej-st..pupUs,GEO. C. ALLEN, No. 416 Broadway, one doop below Canal-st., formerly of No. 11 Wall-st. Watches and Jewelry cleaned and in tbe best manner byCollege,lutioB the object of his own personal care and-tanzioas solicitude. CcrrtwpondenceoftheNew-YorkTimet.Nsw-Havsk, Saturday, Feb 25, 1860.Uie garrison, adds our correspondent,Bar. CHAtmciT A. Goodxich, D. D.,"»wi.tih,o„ut."",uelay. The usual orders had also been Issuedin willto the gams ai»] lips.For sale at RUSHTON'8, wholesale and retaa,Professor o' in Yale College, and widely "known aa the Editor of the revised edition of Weli- Mtr'i Dictimury, died suddenly this afternoon at his yealdaDm, after a short Illness. The Immediate cause -of bis de^ wU an apopletic stroke, although he had teen sulTeilnK from Wlllous attack for a week past.His age was only a few months short of seventy years, but he caatinoed in acttre service until w llhln a few days of Ids dec«M«'<withJtio"atFoWL«B A WaLLS', Ko.Broadway,Hw Tmttn »l Charge"possibleBroadway,corner Canal snd Barclay sts.forts, begun when the Spardsh war was threatenedsome the entireALL DESCRIPTIONS.and the hills beyond, where Mibajiok will doubtlessplant hi8 batteries.Hair Dye, Wt«a aad TaapeM.- atchelar's to No. is"-energetic, never shrinking from any duty or respon- "Pn are all practising at targets, both with large and hit Hair Dye, the best extant. BfAoTr_CUH*BLOB'S WigsAs toatbility, and always making tbe interests of the instl- V? »""s, and all gives dreadful note of prepar- and Tonpeas bare improvements over all. This Is tnethej J" ">e meantime, the city of Vera Cruz had been Ofciaredluastateofsiege,andallofficersonleaveBond-st. Twelve private rooms appliaalon,whore those are properly understood andATKINSON'S PAHI8IAN TOOTH""l^'ed to themselves for duty repurtonly plBoeWhyis myaa dItBcull te manoiie f— the fault may be partly yourself and partly io them. A phrenological exsmin-In"" ">» "eighborhood, some 4,000 to308~i!,fTMt^""r''.*'"'='"""n°«rs. "oOOmen?As to the other me-ins of defence, we leam by a private letter Uiat li.cludiuK those of the ol 1 fortie'a- tions and tnose of the -.ew Une of sand forts, the city has mounted, and In the best order, some 120 guns, most of them 24 poun,;erM,„tinortarsM to 84that can be brought to bear, in cjsefrom the castle, will make- some jso Urge guns In all.Hpound sh,:iis.ebe foaod tnra aable.of an assault, As to tbe munitions on hai.d our information Is natall,including some dozen The«, with the guns'WATEK—TO MaNUFACTUREBS ANDballs,toful legislativeBr. who has bad a Tmo,longInflict upon your readers any further disgrace, proceedings on the subject of divoreet- But a case so flsgrant and so outrageous to everyprincipleandit was discovered the clergy were playing a game of to a Miss RuoDA WuiT.fST, the daughter of Mrs. Railroad.all the time. This has brought on a new Gaimss, the New-Orleans millionaire of law-suitmany promises of compliance, thatthe BritishCharge lengthyvery pitiful pleaforthem,jDcloded in this count, who are quite certain to voteaye. They hare enemies to punish, and fancy they d'Affairet was about to prepare more for them, when repiesented that he was married some four years ago terment, by the 6)4 o'clock train of the Morris and Essexaow hare them "In chancery," and mean topegWairroBD.-In this on City,gammon: Tbe Select Committee, raised to InresUgate row, and It is exceedingly probable the result will be notorietyMonday. Feb. 27, Fbawx LCCY A. DiAS, son of Wm. H. and Cornelia ffhiiford, aged Iyear and 21 days.The faneral * 111 be attended from No. 3 St. Hark's-RANDALL, of New-Terk City, daughter ofthat they had lived together 1b charges made by Ur. Speaker i.iiTi.uoH.v, reiwrted that the British Legation will be removed to Vera New Orleans, Kentucky, and Washington ; thatPre RmUbill, and loviUsg toat amount to t>e raised rived here, but it is not yet known what course ho him, therefore he blamed the mother moreafttr a severe illness. Robbet J. Doslap, oldest son o(Robert DnnUp, sgeo 23 years and 37 days.and (orwaideid for dibbuisement. On this count the will take. Both parlies claim him as their friend. It than the daughter. That bis wife gradually grew Tbe relatives and friends of tbe family are respectAillyCommittee return ue Scotch rerdict of "Not ^OTCB ;" that is, they find out what they were aftermatters very little which party he goes with, as thecold towards him, and finally refused to see him, orinvited to attend his funeral, from the residence of his parents. No. 106 King St., on Wednesday, at 1 o'clock.ai* baolked a of veracity, in tliis wise — by questionpolitical influence of Prussia In American affairs Itadmit him to their house. That Mrs. Gauis wouldalready done so. At the date of last advices from ered thus Zacatecas, Gen. Ostisa was moving upon that placewith 4,000 men, and the entire clergy forces in theall tbe Interest thus paid over tenStale did not exceed 2,090,reportedABMSTBo>-Q.—in this City, on Monday, Feb. 27, of scarlet fever, Willib, only child of James D. and Fanny Armstrong, aged 16 months.romaace,Tbe Committee were not discharged but intend, gy troops and the occupation of Teplc by the Libe- ions of a Justice, viz. 2 beliere, to continue hunting for tne corruption al- rals may be laise, but it Is certain that by the time STONX was.":toshowwhata foolBlacx-leged. I nnderstana there are many of the House MisAUOH reaches the tierra calientt near Vera Cruz, We bave lately bad a powerful rain that fills the who aie not at all inclined to be skeptical as to the*TisXTm ef " a secret service fund,'' and are very the whole Inteiior down to Guanajuato will be In the surface well with water. It was the first rain sinceshe lias erer written. So all of her frieads must lookout for the NEW-YORK WEEKLY of next THURS-modiperplexedattheirInablUtytofindwherethe handsoftheLiberals.lastAugust,andItsbenefitswillbeespeciallyfeltInlittle joker Is.Tkere was literally nothing doiie in the Senate ttdsThe Constitutional guerilla force now stationed inourWinfer-wheatfields. The paper rumor that ourand these weregreat serislwliieb she hasbeen at work on fartoHereafter be in the be disaffected. In fact, a report that all these clergy their credit 1 am glad to say that there Is no proba-or whichnppar,uwer,orthirdnouse. Linethegirl,he was gonene muak sort of woman, and besides " he certainly by many persons. San Luis Potosl will doubtless fall law would be a perfect nullity if passed, for every-woold BOt be gniUy of tne indiscretion of reducing Into the hands of the Liberals without much of a Justice Court, even, would decide such a farce un D. at lOo'clock this (Tuesday) morning.feadiaa,mightpending " forces have over to the Liberals is credited here bility of Its passage In the Council. Besides, such ato wittiBg a proposition to sell himself and the ma-iotitfoCuie mgUy respectable. Intelligent and uorlght struggle. Teplc is reported to hav$ already gone constitutional. Stjll, itlodjr of which be was one of the most humble of mem- into the hands of a Liberal force from Mazttlan. the movement for the same reason that the country bers. These reports regarding the turning over of 2,0*0 cler- attorney once continued bis objections to tbe decis-Lahb.—In this City, on Monday moroingwFeb.27, Stb- PHEM Fox, son ot Stephen K. and Euphemia F. Lane, aged 2years, 10 months and 21 days.The friends of the family are respectfiilly invited ta attend his tnneral, this day, (Tuesday,) at 4 o'clock P. M.. from Mo- 131 East 12th- st.0^" Natchez and N'ew-Orle&ns papers please copy. Htdb.-In this City, on Sunday. Feb. 26, Chablbs Lawsox, infant son ef Jabez B. and Sarah £. Hyde,aged I year and 6 months. Therelativesandtnendsoftbefamilyarerespectfullyinvited to attend the funeral, at 2 o'clock this day,(Tuesday,) Feb. 28, at the residence of his parents, So.sereral months, to make it Ihe rery best otanything—"—ing,following:;this moning, in part. Tney bave cunfiued Uielr m- Cruz during tte early part of next week. Mrs. GAiaxs soon began to make difficulty be- place.thls iTuesdajJafternoon.atSo'clock. Thefriends ^uirysimplytoascertainingff aiiymemoerli&dwrit- oftbefamilyareinvitedwitrontfarthernotice.ten a letter saying toat $100,OUO nould defeat the The new Prussian Minister, Mr. Waoiixb, has ar- tween them, by prejudicing his wife against DnsiAP —In thisCity.on Monday morning, Feb. 27, Samdil S. Rahdau.,Oity SnperinteadentofPubliccontilns tbe LiTBBABT—A. NewSyaldlaa'a nsxrui. IK BVBEX Bousa.common justice has just occurred, thatthey generallycouragement, for want of evidence, as they said. At Madison Connty. N. Y.that time no divorces bad been granted, and It Is pre-MoKBlL—DowBiiia.-AtMatteawan. N. Y., on Thurs- day, Feb. 16, at at. Anna's Church, by Rsv. Henry B. Duncan. Jobh Jaubs Monbll. Esq., of Newbargi, to Mrs. CAaouHi E. Dowmiko. of Fisbkill Landing, N. Y.DIEO.Davib.-In this City, on Simday morniog, Feb. M.Martha Davis, in the 84th year of her ane.The friends other daughters. Hts, B. F.Howe and tMernsd ChaerrolfianeraRl., Dfernoeml.thaetehoruespeecotfutlhlye Ilnavtitetre.d tNo.at4-Bond-st., on Tnesdar sitemoon, atSo'oleak, wlthoat farther Invitation.Ehbxt.—InthisCity.onSaturday,Eeb.25iIntbeUth of her age, Mabt Btbd Tdcsxb, relict of tbe latefear Emmet, olrof. the fJnlversltj of Virginia.The funeral serrice will be held at Calrary Chnreh,ness of right and wrong, that a slight lobby pressure would not overcome. Accordingly, to make the mat- ter more safe, Mr. SraoTHxa returned to Washington for ills evidence, and one last week bestill continues to bolster then up with all manner of unfortunate In his domestic relations, and if anything 4th-ar., on Tuesday. Feb. 28, at 3M o'clock. 'The friends of tbe family, and of her son, Dr. Emmet, are inrlted to"conat of tbe weather," or on any other account, kut hopes of early aid and protection. The French fleet could be done for him here to relieve blm from his attend witbont farther notice.«onldent tiiatthere will be no postponement on ac-that Umtime qieclfied.WIU It be a feast w a funeral t I think It will be afeast. The Mends feel rery confident that It has ser-«nty- Are to serenty-eight voles, and ^ know some notIs slow in making its appearance, but still the clergy say-tbey are expecting it from one day to another.bill wUl be pat upon its final passage at thesad lot, they would regard it as a pertonal favor to tkenuThese letters were presented to the Committee their knees at the last hour. They begged and having his bill under consideration, and that was all,M^ Virginia papers will please copy.Ubbkbb.—In this City, on Sunday, Feb. 28, after a short Illness, Mr. Oabbibi. Mbbexr, In the 41itb year •( Ms age.His friends, the friends of the family, and the mem- bers of Dr. Adams* congregation, are reapectfally In-The ultnnatian of Mr. Matbiw brought the clergy toprayed in such an enthtisiastlc manner, and made to except the statement of Mr. Sraorusa. He had a vited to attend tne funeral servicet, on Tuesday after- RAYNBR; Os, THB TAJfGLED PATH. By MissMttllxb.—In this city, on Monday afternoon, Feb. 27, Schools. Thoosaads hare admired the Mr. Speaker Lim-uoBs, being questioned, testified tbe very next thing to nothing. The only result of frequently entice the daughter away from him, when after a short nine's, of scarlet fever, Loniss Uabtin-fcoM Mr. Mm.iiSH, saying that tlOO.OOO would de- feat the Pro Kata btil, and suggesimg that it be sentbe a most disgraceful proceeding. It may nsvertheless.these circumstances the Kansas Legislature has granted him a divorce.A bin relative to tbe rights of debtors passed theupon which the rate of Interest is greater than ten per cent, per annum, upon which the Interest has been wholly or lo part paid, shall In law be consid-The funeral will take place, from the residence of his parents, Mo. 31 West 36ih-st., this (Tuesday) afternoon, at 2 o'clock.HooBB —In this City, on Monday morning, Feb. 27 in tbe 35th year of her age. Euza, wife of Saml. T. Moore.pMr. BaiaBT testifies that be has no recollection ofhappen, The interior of the counfry Is again showing signsCor that poipoee.hartec told Mr. Dawis any such story—no recoliec-de plume of Helxh Fust OaAVBg, aadereryone wUltioB of having received any such letter know that there is any such letter Ln existence.Oa these facts, the Committee report that they are emabto to find any such letter as that referred to by Mr. Speaker Lnnjuoaa.Ob ne eoming in of the report, Iifr. Miluuh bora teatlanoy to his own Innocence of ever ha ring writ- ten aay letter of the Itiod tor which the Committee bad been fiahlng In the muddy waters of Wall-street, and ftirtber, that be could not, would not, should not l>eMbed to carry or defeat any bill, or measure nowthe family, and those of—and doiftof the old of complaintthat deserves aIt provides that all notes or contracts, now existing,:that Mr. Dawis, a^euueman doing business, had told the recognlUon of tbe Clergy party by the Prussian he knew nothing of their whereabouts, and he would Um a Mtar was in toe posseasloa of a Wall streetBOBOCOK, daughter of Frautz B. and Cornelia MOIIer, a#ed 4 years and 10 months,Faneral service at tbe Church of the Asceniion, on Wednesday, Feb. 29, at 9H o'clock A, M.Vah CoiXBH.—In this City, on Monday. Feb. 27, Jo- SBPB, sen of Leon and Elizabeth Van Collem, aged 6broka, had told him that a letter had been received Minister to recognize the Clergy Government, would see blm. This occurred the present Winter. Under years.crokar, written by Ur. W. T. B. Hiuuxih, Member Minister would be the judgment of a supposed man of search weeks for them in vain. That bis wife and of ASMnUy from Westchester County. intelligence in favor of such a corrupt and degraded her mother went to Washington on one of these occa- Mr. Dawxa testified tu&t Mr. Buobt, a Wall-street clique as the Mexican clergy. For the Prussian sions, and he followed them, and bis wife refused tosketches written by this talented lady, under the nrnnover to the Liberalg so soon as the main forces of the clergy are with- drawn. Zacatecas, San Luis Potosl, Topic, Aguas- callentes and Leon are all on the eve of going over to tbe Liberals, if Indeed some of these towns have notHouse, onturningSaturday,passingnotice.The relatives and friends offaer brothers, James F. and George Carlisle, are respect- ftilly Invited to attend the rnneral, on Wednesday. Feb. 29, ac2!i o'clock P.M., from her late residence. No. U Montgomery st.WiBBs.—In this City, on Monday, Feb. 27, Clibtob Habbiott. Infknt BonofDe WittC.and Elizabeth Weeks.The relatives and fnenos ot the »reramily reapectlollyInvited to attend the foneral services, from Che resi- dence of his parents. No. 317 2d-av., this (Tuesday) af- ternoon, at 4 o'clock.viz.per cent, per annum shall be regarded as a part pay- ment of the principle. What greater absurdity was ever heard of imder the name of legislation ? But for::may be necessary to refer tothe Valley of Mexico are doing pretty much as they wheat is mostly cut off will proSably prove to be a 187 East IStb-st.BaiwiE.-In this City, on Sunday. Feb. 26, Mr. Jas.jnoralag which jou would for a moment stop to^MmlAtt, except that the bill to make abandoment a please In tbe villages of San Agustln, San Angel, mistake. Gov. Staiitos left yesterday for Washing- Bbbwbb, aged 31 years, 4 months and 1 day..gMHiBd te diTmce was briefly discussed In Commit- ' and even in Tacubaya, When they want anything tonjwhere he will labor for our admission. He also lost tee af Om Wiiole, during which there were decided they sweep down in a force of from ISO to 300, and no time while here to Inform the people that he wasThe relatives, friends and acquaintances, also theindications that it would pass on its third reading.The Committee on Cities and Villages of the As- seize some person able to pay a handsome raasomsembly meet to-morrow, to consider the bills known for his liberty. In these forays they never molest for-before them as candidate for theSenatorshlp. RANDOLPH.members of Oceanus Fire Company, No. 11. and the DAY, containing tbe opening ekaptera of AHT BAY- Packing House Guards, are requested to attend his fa-neral. at 10)^ o'clock this (Tnesday) monung. from hisas the City Railroad I believe that grants.and theirlate residence. No 613 Washington-st.PuBDT.-ln this City, on Monday, Feb. 27, Emilt, in-Camp.—In Brooklyn, on Monday, Feb. 27, Callib, in- fant son of Calvin B. and Mary E. Camp, a^ed I year.The friends of tbe tamily are invited to attena tae faneral. on Wednesday afternoon, at 2 o'clock, from res- idence No. 100 Columhia-st., Brooklyn.Welch.—In Brooklyn, W. li,, on Monday morning, sale Feb. 27, TuoMAS Wblcu, Sen., aged 75 years and 8 months.nothing <lefiBite has yet been uranged. Somehow they can- not get together what is oeemed essential elements ofsoeeees. Whereonepartyissatisfied,theotheriseigners, except theySpaniardspolitics'SEOII-'WBKKI.T TIMES.fant child of Bev. James S. and Sasan B. Pardy, aged6 weeks and 6 da.\s. NKRenemy, and In that case they are by no means modes <iissattafied. LUe self-empt}ing coal buckets, when in their demands. If the person seized be a very no-The Simi-Wbkklt Times,publishedthis mom-beenemies. They seize no one unless he be a pollticaStorySpecial Correspondent.Lira IS Lo^DOK—A dark picture of Social Life inThe relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the faneral, on Wednesday afternoon, at 1)4 o'clock, from his late residence. No. 2:t6 Paclfic-st . between Smith and Boerum sts., without further invita- tion.Tnx Cabbeb or a ScocnnaxL—The Life of Dr. Thompson Ellis.Tbe relatives and friends of the lamily are reapectfally invited to attend the luneral, on Tuesday afternoon, Feb. 26, at 3 o'clock, from the residence of her brother In-law. Alex. Davison. No. lOOClinton-st.. Brooklyn.EuEoi'i-The Pope's Reply to Napoleon—The Sa- voy Question- Italian Affairs.Mart Farbihoton, relict of John Ogilvie Roorbach, aged 71Pope,Tna Mbwb—Senil-weekly summaries of foreign, do-reportsofProceedings.The Parker Bewlaff !tIacfalDe Co., Respectful- call tbe attention of tbe public to their new and beau-(^KtooRT.— In Wiltun. Conn., on Sunday. Keh. 26, Chablbs Gbkgdbv, aged 60 years.OmOIAL DBAWINGS, BY TELEGRAPH OV THB LBGALIZED I<OTTBKIB8,VOOO, EDDY A 00., Managers,of theDBLAWASB, GEORGIA, KENTUCKY and MISSOURISTATE LOTTERIES. AUTHORIZED BY THE LEGI8LATUSE.nie onderslgned Commissioners, appointed by the Governor of the State of Delaware to aaperlntend the drawing of tbe Delaware State Lottery, do eertiCr that Uw Mlewlng are the numbers drawn thisI>r. marsh Caattaaea ta Apply hU Kadleal- ailed free sure Trass with sneeess, to effecting permanent oaresof,ohaice, bj sending te WOOD,This celebrated e»t»blishment la removed orrepairedthe finest London and Geneva workmen^in which he noon, at 4 o'clock, from the iladison-sqaarc Cbaroh. Tbe remains will be taken to Morristown, N. J., for In-Opposi-arday.8ALB8B0OM3, N». » Plne-st.Tbe friends of the family are Invited to attend the fu- neral, rrom the residence of the parents. No. 1 AvenueAlikh.—Kelt. IS at the rebirterrt- of li-r ipotht-r. Kliza K. wile of Wfi B. Allrn, ol >ieft -Sliir.ird, Conn-, BKed '2S years azkl 1 oicbthti-dw:Clatt, No. 97, Feh. 27, USt.TS, 56, 33, 62, 50, 77, 65, 24, 17, 3, 7, 61, 6S.ClattNt.98,Feh.27,1869.71, 29, 17, 20, "S, 68, 25, 28, 47, 34, i«. 19.tritaess oar haads. at Wilialngton, Del., Feb. 27, iaa«. 'Olreniars, eoatainlBg sebeaes for tbe asnth, will bePA8TB,A nnlqae preparation, quiokly cleansing the teeth, hoy>"Perrerneandmydaogbter arrestingdecayandImpartingtberoseatebaeofhealthanswer theThe "Bl«« Trass." l>«th br Ita oolfonnelTt-cU an" unlimlud deniund has proved th« furrj" neiu of the favorable opinions of the multipcla' P"'ri*o". at i?cr*»lly expresied by the medical pr-fcitlon,448 Sroome-st., New-Yorkor made to Supvrlor tihtrtH, Beadynadc wid haveUteMurc- Ord.:r« left at either of our "'"r- a prompt r.-.icr.lior. l"** P'HK •» i •^''^•„.No». CI N*«»u-et, and Ml Broaliray,question. _^^^^__»l-0 MART'S PIANO.Scown all over the world as the best InstrameotUntitled Documentmanafaotured.thCa.,laeminently Also,Warerootns No. 601 Brt)a#way.A our new CARBON PILTIR wiU pabllegeaerallyv;;nF.t/ ptates cirron-filter compant< I<» i«4iirp«dfay,How-rork.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069PUeverywhere.Priceonlyfourcent* per cspf.sad aUexperieose la this worit, fitted te write ea this snkieot.A SERMON. BTHBNKT WAKD BBBOHMX.ball with delight the announoemeat ef her this,first;Ob, the tangled PATH-which wiU be forbeantiful www.fultonhistory.com 