 '2NEW YOKE. HERAIJ), FRIDAY', JflftY 27,ime Wof Stojivrleor*. AreiaUrme|ll&goftheIpuTdsfSupervisor*/eel. piace'at ttoeef/feock yistMrfliy ataernooe, Pilieffenl•wrAathire »t the Rftftr Platte. O0» BOLH0B AYRJW COPstWrONDfcNcf.Tl*e Pendant to Keitt* Sootnem View.NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERSnA V t S X H S U R E P U B L I C D K H A H D E D^•^P*e ^mnmj/mAM -SL^VfcBYCMWATION AT FBAMN«- (Fren.th*»*a«>Liberator,July» jdenit- Frst dya-hyf** P~e**>* ** <*-*• »ZfAeHrtm* */the0mt»M*m^ " Y Z . CUM-Themg the wreck of the schooner from the eastern shore sf | Cotemor't Island, as per order of th* Board of CommiS- |slonersofPilots. ReferredtoCommitteeonTaxes.Presidmt Derqui—Driving Trees*—Ac* Ctoveraiaeef f v puiar-Freights, JfaHMt, KnlieJavwo, *V*notallow«etospeakmyfree tbouzht*ls« vmon At • quarter before fhre* o'Stesk ! » * » ' . ' M*"» hat I would tostofttiy diuolrt art &«trvf £ •Ajlhalfpasteightthismorsingthepiacessumor«pmdu- ates, leUows and faculty formed in front of Old South Middle, "Big Bug Hall,'' and, headed by Noll's orcbafttra, marfchedtotheOeatrechurch. Atnineo'clockthe church was well filled.after the opening piece of music, aad prayer had beenrfiered up by the President, the speaking began. I mightCommitteeonFuelbedirectedtoadvertiseforproposals ifor furnishing cot! and kindling wood for the use of the isevfral departments of the county government, end re- jport to this Board, Adopted.In keeping with this is the notice In the same pftr ofthan of intolerance. Ileuce, in all the phase* which ourstruggle n*» aaeum<•»)—aud tbey hate been muttttadl-taotftV--I have ende»v«i->-*l t - give every inaa lito du*.eve- District—hi sdeb a man worthy of confidence aud sup-1.1 Music, ••Stradella." Ira.j—Rotow.ii Prayer.Overture.Organ and or*he3-rt p**ey its due and if 1ua»e tailed to do *» Icau truly port * Such a man shall never have my vole, either •JBrm that it ha* b e « a matter of misjudgment and not or to occupy the Presidential chair or any other ofllcla) deagV Now, la r*g»r<l to the repumt.an party. Our station. My friends, ocr bent service to the country, friend (Senator WH*.*) trnly aatd It in »ot aa aati3 Salutatory Otation in Latin, by William Wisner Mar tinJWoodbridge, N. J.4; Otation, "The Self Restoring Principle in Christian Soe.k-iy," by Erastus Chitlenden Beach, Barker, N. Y.ExciUmentTheodore Cuyler Before the Theological Society—Ton h light Serenade to Ex President Pierce, <£&Old Dartmouth is rousing herself in her home amongrrupt and time serving parties, one* being a gre-at deal orse than the other; but I hold il to oe unsound iu moral hikisophy. If we have a radical principle, we ought to the a%"IUi"B of atovrrr throngfc««t' the laad. ^nd land by it, com* what ma> . and. iu standing by it, weonhige on the American soil.' (Applause.)Horrible Murder InSchagaticoke, M.Y.— A l i u d e u i * a . V V e e h A l u i v t c r a U b y H e r H u s b a n d .9. Oration, "The law of Honor." by Mason Young, New York rity.10. M u s i c , " M a r c h , " f r o m " T h e P r o p h e t . " — M e y e r - beer (The President announced that this speaker was unable to perform his part on account of illness.)11 Poem, "The Chapel on the Shore,'' by George Lynn CMIIUI, Staieti Iflimd, N Y.12 Oration. "Tamerlane," by Thomas Howell White, New Haven1C Oration, "Popular Applause an Improper Incentive to Intellectual L.bor," bv Robert Newtou Willsou, Clyde, NY.14 Music. -Alroaks Tans."—ianner.16 Dissertation, "William the t-ilent," by Georgft Wa- terman Arnold, Warwick, R. I.16 Oration. "The Influence of Aristotle on the Ohr;s tiun World,' by Oscar Mortimer Carrier, Rice Creek. Mich.1 7 D i s s e r t a t i o n , «< H a v e l o c k , t h e C h r t s t i i a W a r r i o r , " bvfeeurv Klbert aarnes. Plantsville.'paying the bul of Charles Brown tor rent of rooms for Su. perlor Court, beld at Tammany Hall, and amounting to $508. was laid over.03 * at but, at the aataa i^u<-, ou^ ujorijac? is noi to ttvp w th corapromtaeii or cotnpn>ri|1»ets. Ouro^ect isYesterday the inhabitants for miles around poured intoHanover to witness the exercises of class day. These took $250 were appropriated to fit up the rear part of thewhftthe*. ta the pnataJoti-Jti of our ob »ct. tSis pa'ty «'>"»up o? the olber pftrvy ««t» do«u, *t w uoiliia* to u». Wecaioptalterourcootheoie h«ir'« '>r.ultft.u-r^.eptar>>-Dfcr<»m»se of our wrtocip .^ to? tftr iienrtr adootlmt ofthe principle* th<-m««!vi-s. t>tir uxiM!»* is M> renaufratepablw oiuiuDU, W« *re not coucerued for the loaviaaad nabrs nf offl*e We are not Beek'hg the proposes no change in the action of the government tu eievtttw of air* pmrtt.tilar ;nen. nor the eueceee of anyhat particular: and therefore by givtog, through consti- utionalguaranties,thewholepower of the government ,o the service of the slaveholders, against their slaves, in thatlrutu to the couecleutws of men, t^ parties and imes of exigency, that party is peri>etuaiing humanparticularfftftjr.W'eatetorihekoneit,fearlets*,uu;>art;al ' procjiaiftauw Of (i»"»ft v.vena»lui8 trutli, and apoiyitiRaect# to eonatUvit; -»f>« and law* ft* *p dnd tltem— uereY yteldW* e«e tot or Utile, though glad t^otf-erve the flMiiwJI'lfliili »»f pr"gr«* ie any dirw tiou Of otmree1d'Tiotiwilwre therepuhltcanimHfwithth.-di-mo- c a t v p f t t y t n o i » t h e f t , v e t h A t n x m o r . » d a n j e r o i i i to the a»tl iJftTerv nr*# thm t*e #'mocrat <• nartf. I heheve rbe dtttMieiftUt p*rtf re«re*eatt-evwything of hoif. :v to fri-<'dotueverv«h"»»-, iwt uwt. an a party, itThe bills of Coroners Gamble. O'Kee'e. Schirmer and.Tackman. amounting to $4,781 18, for official services dur-icg the quarter ending June GO, were directed to be paid of all subject to military duty. As the trainiag* are oof .'.t gratiritd. and been willing toaiieord toh ra dueere-Jit;tie I nion, against the verdict of its inbhhit&nts, and fays he was married by tbe Roman Catholic priest at r Jrhauce of any law of Congress to the contrary. I pon Schaghticoke. and last night wag the first time be hadfor outdoor preaching, and it was well known that those Fdwards. member of Congress from this district; and to Who attended the street preachings never go to church.Avery destructive tornado visited North Raynham,t i- non extenaion Untie let toe republicaa jwrty have ail slept with bis wife since the ceremony had been per-made merry over the "class boy.' Since gra luation they Mr. I'erley, who today delivers a eulogy on Uhoate, be Alderman Darragh said that most of the churches were about fire o'clock on Saturday afternoon, the particulars lost two of. their number by death and twenty one by mar- fore the Phi Beta Kappa Society. The former three re- of which the Taunton Gazette reports as follows—One halfu^e credit for it stands pletiged before the world to see formed. He says he married her against his will; that • it, it it has tbe govrrumeittal power, thit in the she followed him from place to place, and that it was onlycused by A. O. Brewster, who made an address for him. commodation to the people to have preaching in the open One of the most enthusiastic gatherings of the day was During ihe morning of yesterday, the Zeta Psi Fraternity,his trees and vegetables destroyed. One tree on his pre- mises was blown filly rods and lodged in the highway. The chimney of Mr. Lincoln's house was also blown down.. rr;tor;e> uever .-hall a single siavi; be held in bon.lajje. by her strenuous importunities that he consented to beheld this aiterncon,at three o'clock, in the hall of the Bro- thers in Unity, it was the usual annual meeting of the graduate members of that society, who come together to kindle anew that flame of enthusiasm which used to ani- mate them wlme they were active members upon its floors. Tbe hall was crowded with men ol distinction from tbe various classes, amou;: whom we noticed Rev. John TodU, Dr. Thompson, of New York, and others. Rev. Mr. Jones, of South ingtnn, Connecticut, presided. After a Bong, John Mlitou Holmes, class of 1667, was called outone of our largest secret college societies, numbering air.1 -eadtly admit this, and I nail it as an evidence of tbe United lo her. Whaien was a widower, having two chil- dren by his first wife. The unfortunate woman is said tofourteen chapters and a thousand members, graduategrowth of our good cause throughout tui< i-.-e Slates. have been iiuite interesting in appearance. Never anall 1 Lave am thing to =>ay agaiust an anti- I w eAkderman BRAI>V avowed that he was not a religiousA barn and a large shed belonging to Mr. Othniel Gd-i'e learu this afternoon that the woman is dead.Methodist Minister Arrested for sin A t- t e m p t t o P o i s o n .[From the Cnicago Herald, July 23 ]The usually quiet town of Dundee, Kaae county, III.,s tveholders of toe South have a righl to a three lfths Ordinary interest. Truinau Woodruff, formerly a Metho- rt'p- •seutatiou of their slave property, and the republxau dist preacher, but who was a couple of years or so turnedparty d n'S r.id m.aa to interfere with that representation out of church for gross immorality, aud who has sincewore addressed in the evening by Mr. William 0. Sprague, alike to the Catholics and the Protestants, and he hoped stroyed. The barn contained a yoke of oxen, whichf. avery movement, to any extent whatsoever. But there is another aspect of this question. How stands the republican party uu'ler the constitution of the I ..tied stales'* l>o»-s it hold any dil-re;it ilo^inne. easea- t ally. Iron the democratic party m regard to the old proaiavery comprominea? No. My friend, Mr." Wilaou, will not deny that, by the I nited States cooMtitution. thein ;.u oration on the "Union andVnity of Mind J' and by H. B. Alherton, of Cavendish, M , in an eloquent poem.the day was not yet come when Americans would deny any sect the privilege of the use of the public parks for their religious duties. He thought they might do someescaped without injury.Mr John D. Thompson sustained a heavy loss HaHe wiii uot deny that the republican party nolo* to thetend;t: >u of fugitive slavea: certainiy it has aputed everysun even as agatust the auiur»c-U feUtgilivc oiave law of1S.-0 Wh<»n that law was passed by Congress, the repub-I ans solemnly pledged themselves that they would nevertease ag.Uttliig until it was wiped oat; bul now they doL>troar,evenasgentlyasanightingale. Theyhaveuiwbeen connected with a slander case in connection with which he received a merited chastisement, has been Charged by £ W. Austin with a conspiracy against his life. The facts thus far developed are of a curious charac- ter. Woodruff about four mouths ago went to board at Austin'shouse;before,however,hehadboardedtherea great while, lie was, in consequence of some alleged im-lar occasion at Yale. Ho referred brie;!y to the various merits of the rival societies, to prove that 1,in.una was Hot only not superior, but far mle. lor to the Brothors iu Unity."Dr. Thompson spoke eloquently of the benefits ha had received while au active member of the fraternity.ERCISES, KTC.OUK FAIRFAX CORRESPONDENCE.nomination; and he believed that, if such tenti were erected, he or any other citizen might walk through those tents, and, if impeded, would be justified in knock-ing them (tbe tents) now a.M A)derman Troasr did not oppose the matter upon anyorchard <>f one hundred treet coiuph-telv ruined ' H^lo-a is cot le-s than $1,000.The i-himney ot the school house in this district was hiown down, and the wood shed belonging to the sum • partly ilen.oiishe Iu 'th o^ to say against .bat law, and are doing nothing toprevent :U> cxtxjl.ou ;u auy of the .Stales So lhal. iu proprieties ol cjuduct, inviu-d by Mr. Austria to changeDr.TODDsaidtneBrothers'Siciety hatbuniostr..mental in forming a vast amount of character, and thai init be had eujojed the most precious privileges of his col- dresses well received, the examinations thorough and parks and streets would be blocked up. As to the fruit trees Mrs Elizabeth Hal! haialarge quantity ofti.at part cular. it >Uu>in «We by side with thedi'tnooraticparty. Again. 1am not aware that the republican uartyLa> ever denied, or that my friend Mr. Wuson Qe-i. es, ths»<. to case of any nnergency on the partc: the slaveholder*, by the ri=iug ol their Slaves to setth -ir fre^'dom tnrough blood, the general geverum-jut ia Some inform .tion about a watch which Mr. Austinbound, beirg called upon for aid, to put doVn the insur- gent r.aves, either into their cnatus or into biinidy iravts TbeMj tilings being so, I charge upou the repub" 1 can party, that while it is doing sooaetaiog. as eest it wx;, to prevent the extension ol slavery in tne Territo- ries, iiLier the constitution, tn regard, to. slavery where it cTistfc.itgivea the ettlcieut sanction afidsupportofthi whore nation to the ty^leai; it given all the military aadhad lost, aud volunteered bis service as nurse. *hl:h were accepted. Woodrull' giving him all his medi- c W The family physician was turned off through hisepresen tat ions, and Austin's w d e induced, through fear f sickueas lo herself, to allow him to take sole charge of he pal ient. H s conduct, aud the fact that und.tr his raimentMr.Austinwasattackedwith spasms,excited usuJoons that all was not right, and Woodruff wasA number of others occupied th-j floor in the course of the afternoon, and made It altogether an occasiou ol fes- tivity and joy long to b^ rememben d.where it had been in operation some twenty one years. It is under the direction aud partial patronage of the Baptist deiioniiii.it ion; but the design of its friends is to make it as uiiFtct.-irianaspossible. Itsfounderswishedtofamishedu- cational facilities for young men who desired to enter theeven they were heathens. He would oppose the open air the chimney in the dwelling house of Mr. J E. Brucebe- aa aaU-ahtvery man, and tram to t n * in bondage, and holft ftp my hand and awoar that in no part of the i uiiod 8tatea shall any poor fugitive Have hud pr .itwiiou against his pnr«ueri> But every man who jmus tli-t n;puolicaa party, and give* hat vote tor the regahlicaft candidate,iollows —We must this lime tiart to meet a^un no more to bethkncellor of the Kxchequer. 1 he student did ie<l Sje.-u i H. f,mlih, D D., upon Keeping the Heart. Happiness and of the floating debt of the Corporation caused by deticien tree in particular, which measured four feet in diame- to study day and night. The b o * should not ale-aya 1>« ! uteriilne*) were assigned as reasons for performing this cies In various funds, with draft of an ordinance authori- ter, was snapped oil like a pipe stem. After coaling a bent. Kutus Choale was the v.'tim of over work, of . he n u , ttvot aaorftl ohedlenoa, or the supremacy of ounacteut-o iu ailsame i * my dear be tree ti u« to me and I will be true to Sir William Hamilton, who said th it the coiisciousaefts of ! the subject of eternal and admiring delight to knoie who are saved. . " """"port was adopted. not yet known. Probably further reports will confirm the BILt OF THI KX C m IVSPF.CTOR. be'let that immense dun.age has been done No proper The Committee on Finance retained iu favor of paying estimate can at present be made. Eye witnesses pro-torkh*ahoshtoft«fslaveryawdtneslavetradeintheI><*- •rav t\I* JR*»'r«ri.the0m link InoarnationalhighFive young ladies graduated, and were ailectingly addressed by Dr. Smith on presenting their diplomas Then,gathering aroundthepiano,'theysangtbefarewellAlderman BARRY moved, SS an fttoondment, t h u the sumof$55,000beinserted for the expensesof printingii. tad * M Idrinkable, which, on the rebuildit i Ysxiow Ftv»R ui NBW Oaiaass—Tbe Hew Orleans•on, wee (bead in an old chimney ptoce. Board of Health report the first case of death from vel- It was then moved to toy it oe the table, which was teor visible at twenty minutes to tea P M.iiepoaMts............ Higher yet" Upward and Clrcttlfttiooried. Friday—Clear sad warm all day. Very hrilttost ate-m — i•^rard• "Mmvm— —>"i'hif^ieA^laV** A/l^•tosi#'-,r^—"ovtraor fk*Jd, or some of b;s C ttheboti|aw»yfortbepurpose over itJi their oli age; ITMANIFESTOOFWM.LLOYDGARRISON. imeKoldxno ssverwmew L* th* *' cnr^nanlaflfAp>">Iff e^eoaMto K*"Ihetr>*eimmuU^-i:£efUoTtf- rottifEVCoriiNTPAVATTAi^:ooruoe isthetime claimit•mros ATa*ftJ& A , hay SI. 1**) Stewart inthechair. Afterreadingtheminutesofthe SkdckofGen.Mitre—UnearnedHonors—KngtukAVassa*.willtad,ifyoudaretobemen,andarelo>alandtrueto those in bondage, that you are cherishing a fatal deln sioa, and that, on Southern soil at least, your Union is onrr a mockery aad an ontrags. Here is my friend Hen- ry Wilson—s Massachusetts man—a Massachusetts Sena- fear. Be eulogises th*coa'tiwtton, aad glories in it; boasts of the star spanfled bans er, aad does not objertI do, to bsving It wwv* ovaritis bead; throw* op hi* ia behalf ot^'ths glorlou* rnioa," aad boras incense _ Its altar; aad yet he knows that ia the slave States h a s a o m o m l i b e r t y o f s p e e c h t h a n t h e p l a n t a t i o nlavft, hut must wear a padlock oa his Hpi. or die. Now anabatc>metothatextremity,andknowstaat be catmot have any liberty in one half of th* Unionliratvm « / -Meeting • / the Alumni in the TaU-TU Dinner im 0* members of the graduating class, the degree of Mas.er of j lfer. Bix«o«*r*derss(MatloetodisiaaWatr. KB-MafThesketchofthetiftofCreaersiMitrewhichftor'- warded yon in September tost excited some attenUn1which hs is so toad of mrtoiltof, but will ft** "*'***'*" 18t*>.BachelorofLawsnpon8.TV followtnt beaorary degrees weVe co^fejrpd- DOctor of Laws npon President Felton, ©f the HarrardUniversity.Bachelor of Arte upon Henry Power*, of tjhe class of186T.Master of Arts upon Judge Park, of the^tatfior Court'said Marshall had previously been dlsx*arged from the : Meltopolttan Police force, and that the tact of his dli- inr.ssai was not known to the Board at the time of hht »p- Jtooihtment as keeper.S u p e r v i s o r s P C R D T a n d DA u s o p p o s e d t h e r e s o l u t i o n , s s itheicause for wfcacb Marshall bad been discharged frost the1 policeforce4 wasnotshown. Theresolutionwasfinally last, by a vote of etevea to one.i Supervisor 1*VRI>T offered • resolution that the SpecuThe;Q itowiMltl 7-ttoat, a htu* ttghaw peper here, see**, tt,blth the beading "General Mltre—An aaerieaa Sketch," not mentioning say corresr^oodence, or eve* naming the New YORK Heaau>. The government organ,t h e A ' a f a o i w I , t r a n s l a t e d i t a a d c o p i e d i t , p a y i n g m a n y and fulsome compliments to the increasing clearsighted, nessoftheeditoroftheCsmtnensialTimmfarhisftce*. rsts and eloquent description of the chief executive of the State. Mr. Commercial Times in his next number po liteiy makes his how, and accepts graciously the Ganyme deas honor. -rsist in cry tof, ''Great is Utona of the Epheatoasl - h e sclearly iniatuated Forone,IamiHed irJOwftK at, and know not what to make of it. A Union tastofthisState;StephenG.Hubbard,M.D.,ifthtscitr,and upon the following alumni of the college—H. M.Luley, now Professor in the Medical School at' PittefleW,Mart.;W.H.McAllister,ofCalifornia;JambCurtis*,M.D,ofBoston;FredericC.PerkirfstadJohnC.Mitchell. theetlectthat,whereasthecitizensofNewYorkhave anintendedconcert,Carth*beneetofth*widowof*/ Asatom o*kt to *t**t «• ** •» Liacom, he does not, I repeat, now go lb* abolition of slavery tn the District of Columbia, he did eleven years ago. I «ay this, because be h « a dumb ever siace, and no eflbrt is mating by the reSupervisorPITU>Tofferedftpreambleandresolutiontogatheredareas*thestand,andUKtftl.1ty*U***" Order by th* President Alter the .mfmfptan *WJ?- prtate hymn, Mr. Gatm-on wok the platform mat spoke ft* fallOW* —ar-Kara or WILL; AM LLOTK atMtwm*Ms V*m'mn—l f*ny acre* wita m j frw»ti4, SenatorWileon Uiai tbe a»»: slavery cause is onward and upWard and that, either through the partww ft* W tr theh»trt>»* aowevirimg. it u bound u> triumph M iafi ForI»e ! would not on any accn'ial do the »ljghl-»i jajusticc.jnteut.oaai.y, to an; m m <>r body '«r meu, to any parly0 sect in the laid * e shall nam nothing, assuredly, by man who, in oue breath is in favor of providing for the the faculty and tbeSocii. The following is the order of detrjettoft- and w e had bettor err on (be side of charityTie day has been pleasant, except ai light thunder rbower in the afternoon.been deprived of the power of electing inspector* aad Captain FelL. foe may remember that Captain Fell, eat canvassers of election, this Board will, at the ballot to beheld on the 1st of August next for inspectors and can- Englishman, was commander of the Patagonian aistioeailair, almost too shocking to relate, are as follows:—A man named Thomas Whales, an Irish farm laborer, sge<: aboat dfty jears, resided near Stillwater Bridge, ia tne town of Schagbt coke. He had lived with au Irish•JO.Oraticn"PelfgovernmentNaturallyDistasteful,'' byJT.Classou.badbeenslingbytheclass|Iheymarched Wasorderedtobepaid by lemuellripp Willcox, Fairhaven, Mass from the church to the music of itte band, with their mar-j l Dissertation, •' P .\ Tlionias Arnold, the Christian slial. C. Wheeler—who tills the place of the class presidenti i/wo> »•' fAe otKi .iarrttt ca*t»r: trh» amtrttntte. mare or l»n rtVro'v. to «3«»ry o» f»e firm at «-,'Mi'm: iv'm, uith al< !hexr timxttiii and iiffuutencf rp-- mi/re or tenmmesr 'hat m>m*hm'> m»y '- ''one, at Uatt rnn,f> th' prv- errs' o* tia>vrry i'»»'/i"ili titrvt 1'iolitum aad to thin 1-j.ti-nt the party has* always obtained p -lict' at my haadj M- frieirf" Senator .trimon.ha.^ never made a speech iii COTiere^e. tookiag in ttie rtjrhl direction^, ttwt 1have notcm party , but when he or any other ma:i stands upon tbts reconcili i.iou followed, and, as au atonement for of liooks!•' itk(-rn or elsewhere, and assuinee that we shall do the the wrong done the poor woman, a marriage wasbeet service to the eauee of the .«hwe by grounlirg our Sreposed, an-! the ceremonies ware commemorated on front ot Alumni Hall, and, after spending some time inWhalen's right band was covered with the blood of hisAfter the crowd in the church bad dispersed, the classwe learn, is considerably excited over a case of more thanamid loud applause, and entertained the audience i:i aspeech, which, ibr geuum-! wit and soul-stirring elo TION.ward.Alderman GENST held that the Beard had no right totrees on b is place were des|royed. Loss $600.Mr I/'oni Its Dan's wagon house a as dashed to p;ec>s-, and his covered wagou destroyed A valuable wood k ltjen led to have received through a trance medium»lisaeeted thfti>i isgagoodYale College commencement exercises closed at bail* part six o'clock this evening. , *m>fm, aftaVysnoVftf A'<»rtaern repwftriV * • # bV **»*•>aUJtfum of lUtxery will inrniat-tv /ol'eae. (Loudapptooa* ) So J am lotertno to dwAce thit bioal-i fasted CfttoR, «t a aoor* e / jwrasaoawif impertftiwRepublicans you may vote under it if you will; you may The Crcvid,s tin« the CUy-—fmnmuemme 0O*T**^*-S** V i* S"tu- throw up your caps to toror of it as you may; yet youfar numett—lAeutenant Chandler—General* Vr,p.ua New HA-now.July*«, IS* \received from Messrs. Wioslowftnd TaUmadgft,for retnoT- and Ottiftv'jfode CWtteaesmw Generals in rVaayawi-ublkian party to purge that District t nder these ci characterise the audience by saying that the gaUaries umstanc.*, it wad no Injustice to Mr. Lincoln, on t h -The church was crowded as usual. The speaking is re vassers of election, vote for such canvassers sad tuspec- ship, the Allan Gardiner, and that to March tost he wasrt of my friend, that he omitted tomention-u* he^knew (without indention of punning) were of the femininegarded ai fair, but not equal to some other similar occa slots.The number of death!* among the alutani is given at forty three, at the average a ge of fifty four, jThis num ber is less than the former average by ab^ut tbn.t'OMMEX(!EMENT WEEK A T DARTMOUTH. OCR HANOYMt COBllKSPONDESCXiHA-vovaa, N. H ., July (25,1860.jtors as have aireac v been elected by the people.On motion of Supervisor Urna it was referred to the inhumanly butchered by the savage*. The project sf efact—that Mr. iincoln proposed the atH.Utlon oT atovery hi the District, with the consent of the slave holders (') at the time be made hi* proposition for the recapture of fugitives within the same limits. Now, is agender entirely, excepting the Dutch orchestra, and the liodi of the church entirely masculine, except ft few ladies on tbe platform, in the centre of which were seatedconcert for the benefit of his widow originated in the American church cf this city, and all the choirs of the our Protestant churches co operated at one* end heartilyn the enterprise. Mr. Cbinmeretei Times totally ignore* the origin of tbe project. This is the usual policy of yosr English coatettpomries aoutb of the equator.Lieutenant Chandler and family depart today, vis Southampton, for New York. This is th* first returnitg f the officers of the United States Exploring Expedittoa.The others will follow in the course of a monthGenera! Urquiza. now Governor of ihe Province of Fntre Rios. and General Guido. a Senator of the Congress of the Confederation, have been comp'.imentari'y mat* citizens and brigadier generals of the army in Uruguay,without the expectation of their ever coming to reside to 400 that countryPresident Derqui is strengthening all the military peat* of the Confederation which are on tbe river. The troops gather for the purpose very reluctantly, and they are often driven on board the boats at embarking like sheep, and a tow, who make themselves troublesome with their reluctance, are lanced. Genera! Urquisa expresses in* firm expectation of peace, and though he u Captain Geo er*l, be is making no preparations tor war.Tbe new government hero is making itself more strong, if not more popular. The public sentiment of the pro vincev Is becoming more and more averse to wrar. Many soldiers declare that, as Buenos Ayres clothes aad pays her soldiers, if they must hghi again, they wili fight for money and clothesNearly all importations are bearing geod price?. Home freights cannot be obtained for half the vessels here. During the month thirl} nine vesse.s arrived aad twenty- nine departed. Wool and hides keep np their late high prices. Ounces have been stationary for some we*ks. Tbe government is rigorous in requiring tbe enlistmentseizure and rendition of fugitive slaves in the District or 061 ui .bia and in tbe next breath is for tho abolition of slavery, w1th the consent of the'enslavers in the sameexercises for the morninj:—Committee on Charities and Corrections.a mandamus from the Supreme Court, on behalf of tbeiCotrimtftBtoners of Record, commanding the Board to 'show cause why another mandamus should not be issued ifompeUiDg tbeni to raise by tax. the sum of $80,000, to pay the Commissioners of Record for services done and ex(fenses incurred by them. Referred to Committee onCivil Courts.The bill of John Keily. Sheriff, for services during the[quarter ending June 80, amounting to $6,t>U TO, was or idered to be paid.A communication was received from the Comptroller, tasking the Board for additional appropriations, as fol- 'lows —Id the cause we love, to th"«e who are iu bondage. is to be uncompromising with our principles. " 1-et the dead bury the dead!" Disclaim and repudiate the ofd compromises, and declare that you can no longer5, Oration, "Self Knowlecge as the Basis of Trae Pbiloophy," by Henry Ward Camp, Hartford.Is It* The reaubl«aa party no more tabids to med-d V > L ^ U v e r y south o, ««on « - : * 5 « * j £ £la sin at the emancipation of theft* *o*• tie* ia stand by them. Let the gjroat North be cleansed ,bond$».lbafi It tot**'* »» •**• d'"*ll*> th« ov'er and,inGoingthis, weshalldotheworkofimmediateand aPureDemocracy,"byGeorgeIiouisBeers,Stratford. t!*ro*V the British monarchy. My charge against the thorough abolition. Our comprorqiws keep tae slaves in 8. Dissertation, "The Parting of Washington with his rr*a*Ii can party is not taat, amount its members. their chains. It is because we ore content with some- Artnt aud his Officers," by Frederick Henry Coitou. tiSwtw ii»?»e««)rwwT»a»M-Wan*ry km*«-/Uwm that mg besides inexorable justice that tbe millions are held Iioog'meadow, Mass. This young gentleman was kindly tietear* very mann, wr 'ha' 'heparty u nnl, after ail, tneremit o'mtr'moral a>j?tMvm —l w**pt i> as sxttk. xmperfesibondage. It looks plausible to choose between t vo reneived.Referred to Committee on Taxes.Tbe report of Committee on Civil Courts, in favor ofali do better than we can by any compromise thereof conclude, by raying, that while 1 will give ail due credit ottierepublicanpartyfor attemptingtopreventtheex lejice of slavery in theTeTrttorien, I charge upon mat rty that u is willing to stand by a constitution satura ed with tbe blood of the millions to bond if;.-, aud that itplace in the College church, where a numerous au- di* nee gathered to listen to th3 orations aad the music ofthe Germania Band of Boston.After prayer by Professor Sanborn, of l*t. Louis, Mo.,the class orator, R. H Stone, of WincLsorJdu-icoursed as mildly as possible about cti'.ilariauisitoi and the poet, II C, Newell, or St Johnsbiir?, indulged himTelf with a rhajisody about everythiLg in the "heavens above aad tbe earth beneath.'' His stirring appeal to tjhe ciass at the dese of his "poem" alone raised it it some degree from the dead level of mediocrity.S e l d o m h i v e w e b e a r d s u c h w i t t y , m i r t h i n s p i r i n g e f f u sions as the Chronicles of the C1a*s. by I.j'mata B. How,Register's orhee, notwithstanding the objection of the bill of William AndersoD, amounting to $214. fortaking a full rep>rt. in abort hand, of the trial of Shep- herd, for arson, was ordered to be paid.The biPs of John Healy anti John Lord, amounting to- gether tofi>09, for serving bubp<puas of the Court of ^General Sessions; the bill of A. T. Stewart, amounting to$140 12, for carpet furnished t n e District Attorneys of. dice? of G. 8. Humphreys, amounting to $215 4S. for car- tpet in the chamber of the Board of Supervisors, were or idered to be paid.Teacher." by Punie! IVnnison, Westchester.servant girl named Catharine I«>serly. aged some thirty 22 Philosophical Oration, "Skepticism in its Rslatioaofotber colleges—at their head,and proceeded to the resi-dence of the President, where an earnest addres3, lauding The County Treasurer's report for the week ending JuU forcing that surrender Such a solution was a source ofyears, su.ee April last up to two or taree weeks ago, the to IPhilosopli; ," by James Henry Schneider, AiuUb, two coliabiih.g as mauatid wife. Tbe -iause of their sepa- Syria.ration, it seeuis, was a^;barge by Whaleu that the wo- 23. Music, " Tannhauser.'' Organ and Orchestra— man had been guilty of an act which nothing hut Wagner.their Alma Mater, and pledging their affectionate care aud 19 was presented, and shows the following —real pleasure to Dr. Acevedo. who knew thedanger of sur- rendering the key of ihe Praia to tbe British lion. Hap. pily for him and for all who have any interest ia that part of America the lion hart a moment of inex-a-i^i ao with every other jromiueol member Of the repubil beast v jealousy could have suggested. But a The only objection that could be made to these efforts is Ihai many of them partook too much of the learningTotal Disbursements..8222.9T6 97 plicable geuerosity. But us that desiihtaace sincere asregards that island 1 beg leave to doubt it. The i*.and of Gorriti was lormerlj sold by the government to an English merchant, Samuel Lefone. That sale is not verybur»>day evening of last week. Bit for some iinexarena, beating a retreat from the position which we now t.iiking over the past and the prospects of the future,N. H., the pipe of peace and friendship was smoked, the wreath of evergreens around the tree was plucked to pieces, each member taking a piece, aad the class proThe Board then adjourned until Thursday next, at three •'clock.of it in order to buy or surrender the island to that mer- chant, who can hinder it*Tbe projected amnesty I* stilt a mere project. fv*r since the reply of the Senate to ihe solicitation of the Chamber requiring aa act in which that measure should be approved, not a word further has been said on the sub-baii'i agaai quarrelle<l with the woman, charging her With the unnatural crime, whicn she denied, he insisting iud tier!aririg that sue was ynilty. l\nally, tn his de- moniac ra^-e, lie obtaiied a knife and deliberately ripped o[>eii ihe woman's bowels! tin goSng to the room the familybeheldamof'tshockingaudterriblesight. The bed was saturated with blood, the woman was in the tnost awful agony, the blood pouring from ber body in aMeeting of the Brothers in Unity—Speeches by the GradvaU Memlxr*—Oratum Before the Phi Beta Kappa 5ociV.'y by Judge Tlumuu—Award of th'. Law School Wetster, he announced as his subject, "Thej Orator of, | U1-K.N A1K i'KKAt :IIM< a>;t.li;,0.> LNVAIiLM M l . BOARO.A long debate arose upon the petition of Chas. C. Leighit will doubtless remain postponed to some more filing occasion. It is proper to remark that the new elections for the Chambers Will take place in next August, and who-v»-re. don't taller, u«e thei meatus—'ivy will prevail;" pumped out, or whether tbe reserve power haii hcen peaks of a dream he h.o , yearns to embrace her, and calit-d forth. We had to go back, in all our reading, tohamlet, where the people raised some $12,000 to furnish buildings suitable for instruction purposes. "He would vote for a reference.Tbe petition was, after some further sharp shoot .eg, re-nigs were more or less damaged.Near tbe factory of 0. A. A J. M. Wheelock, in the westOUR COLLEGESOtll NSW HATKN Ct>RJUBPOfcI«NC«.Nsrw Havaa, Joly M, 1IP>-TELEGRAPHIClast meeting, which were approved, a bill of $250 wasMummHaH**.**-To^»y i, c«MiaT*otohtCJt day. Th*o»ym crotrded Wlt|.traagers. The friends of aba fyaduating clasa are" jaliiaaftiMrT iTg—* """^>" ahoh speaker of thadfty tesh»aaaad tsa,kstjatharor akUars.aad aotafew theirs w ^ t h e a r w , w i O t t h s a t ; a n 4 i » i s « r » t i f y i n g t o k n o w t h a t ofthistostaadhonorednarttoaoftheoommnaltythey »J»PfM to be worthyaftmheipia ftrospect, of tbe clpp ofThe degree of Bachelor of Arts was cofcferrM on 10?Arte upon 46, that of Civ 1 Engineer upon 1, had that of ishall, keeper of the new City Hall, on the ground Ihai here, se it srrlvsd on the eve of his ejection at Governoro. Music, "Introduction, "from "Zampa."—Hcrold.7. Oration, "The Advantages of a Representative overDeficiency oo taxes[Interest on Harlem Bridge bonds iju|icial salaries$10,000 1.400 '-"30ThosewhotnardJudgeThomas atthe alumnime**mg bad good reason to rxpivt thai the Phi Beta Kap^ ora- tion ilus year would be much better than usual. Th;"preaching, for if people desired to worship they should go to their churches; Aldcmac BKAi>vsaid that according to the constitution 0ftheUnitedStates,everymanwaspermittedtoworship according to his own wishes, and he fur oue would not prevent outdoor preaching; he would go for equal rightswas ulso blown down The enects of the tornado may be seen upon many trees which are started at the r0ot, bioftn part.all/ over, or broken down, and many gardens andfieldsofcom,which present a sad spectacle The track of the tornado was about oue quarter of a riiie wide, and she damaie reported, amounting tn severalretnptonly ordered to quit the house Trance mediunsnaval po.ver to the ?u> ebolders and slavednverd of Iie ere called in. who declared i,fmt Austiu had beeu poi- large audience a- einbled at tbe Centre church last even professions without pursuing a collegiate course. The for all. He would not vole to give the Roman Catholics a thousand dollars, is all within the space o! half a mileat Dartmouth—Exercises of Ckm Day—Revthetaillsof the Granite State, and in the college, thetown and the surrounding country there it a ferment andexcitement like that which exists for some time previous Legislative salaries in a hive about to swarm. On Sunday last the exercisesof commencement week began with the Baccalaureatesermon by President Lord.The bills of Dr. Bouton and othe-g, amo'inTlng to $720, 'tt. Musiu, "Miserere,' Loin "Tiovatore." Organ of New Red ford. Mass., and tb« Prophecies qt the Seer, for making post mortem examination dur:i.< the quarter(i-*rom the Trov Times, .Tnly 24 ]is the iuc-ft! nation AT the S-uthern »'av> olnrar..-hy. rtied w/e have the partisutars of one of the most inhuman 19 Orat.on. " Ttie O.lieges and (h? Revoh-.tion,** by larly the humor of the former. It is wort*! all the study Impropriation !or Coroners' fees.Slid Orctestra.—Verdi. by C. L. Foster, ol North Andover. Masa.—iiKire particu fending June SO, 1860, were ordered to be paid from theby it and controtW by tv^olntety. Ihe rep :b!:c»n Slid deliberate murders, which occurred last uighl in the H.-ury I^-wi' Hall, (iuilford. ('fhus gentleman forftome and toil of the four years course to enjoy at the end such The bill of J M. Elliott, amountinz to $116 50, for puty otW»r« from tlw dew »-r»t!^ iu jthii rt*pe<-t. town oi tkhaghtiCAike, in this county, which it has ever reason waV excused.) hearty laughs over "its jokes and scrapes. Aftier the ode. blanks furnished Joseph Blunt, wuen District Attorney,fitmorfet»r>larg-ttfifthat*whoar*,i»rreorloss,thebeenourprovincetorecord.TheawfuldetailsoftheFrom thence the class marched to the ' o l d pine "on the hill above the college bunding*, where a farewell From the church the alumni marched to the t«at in speech was made by K. B. Parker, of Littleton,240 89Balance, July 19 $222,735 98 clear, but if the English government wants to avail iisetf. < -i • ai. J going over to the republican party as the plained leason the partus di i not assume the relations of lupe of the eauntrjr, I. f»w one, thIMc he is laboring under nan And wife until last evening, when Whaien went toa fata', delusion rd "mtmt. and cannot accept the proposi- Stay Willi bis wife at Peter Wetsil's, whoreahe was em- t:ou for one monieut. Tbe repahltcan party mean* to do ployed, and wber* the murder was perpetrated. The twotoothing—can do nothing—for the abolition or slavery in retired to their room, and about oue o'clock this morning the slave State*. Do not be deceived by the earnest ut- i.he family were aroused by screams and cries of murderte -ince of glowing rhetoric*] phrases. What does the re- liy Whalen's wife. It ai>|>earH that the brute of a hus-pibi!can party propose to dor To prevent, if it can. the extension of slavery Into the Territories. H*re is one of ilk resolutions adopted at Chicago:—when so many of our citizens are out of town. Outdoor thing to make it.preaching does not tend to alvance the morals of the The very violent storm which passed over this city dur-ing the past week caused the loss of five seamen of the people or inculcate religious feelings, but on tbe contrary, Brazilian war steamer Parnairyba, who were goingthey entered the ball by classes, beginning with theoldest, to a very interesting entertainment, each perform ceeded to the chapel, and after a short pow-wuw dis-B o a r d o f A l d e r m e n .This body met last evening, President Peck in thenig bis own part with knife and fork and spoon.NEW HAVRV, July 26, 1960.persed.In the evening the church was jammed by a large audience, eager to hear the address of the Rev. )lr. Cuyler, Class Memums—Preaentahan of the Silver Cup—Annual of New York, before the Theological Society. After anChair.Arvast number of petitions were received aad referred. ject, and since in a few days the Assembly wfJJ dissolve,R<?»-'!ved. That the normal rondttlan of a'l the territory ofth«Uaited>tatealailiatorfreedom;anlthat,asourrepubli-c»a fataara, whea they had abo'lshed slavery tn all our nat,"aal term.TV, ordained that no ciUieu should be deprived ofhie, liberty or proparty without ouaprocessuf law, it becomesour d^ty, by lagatiaiiun, wueuever such iegislatioa is neces Stream, and Whaleu with his hancs and arms dripaai•>, to inaui aln the provision* of the eonatttution against all ping with bis wife's blood, still manifesting his boards. Several classes celebrated their reunions with son of the two hitter. His remarks applied to all orators, for religious purposes during the summer season. attemuta to violate it; and we deny the autaoritt of CoagreKs, devil rage that had wreaked the vengeance but more especially to the orators of the pulpit—those whoPrizes—FjTect of the Defeat at Vie Worcester Regattas— Nature," which he treated in a very able ant forciblesolicituue for her in future years, was delivered to their honored head by Henry H. Kimball, of Temple, N. H , and responded to by the President.Balance. July 12Receipts during the week$215,989 S7 7,087 50exordium, eulogizing the joys of natural scenety and ren- 1dering a just tribute lo some of the most distinguish) d of Dartmouth's graduates, more particularly Choate audthat it is alwsyi good on those occasions to have one's adversariesundertheknifecfthelaw,whomightother wile have it In their power to prevent an agreeable ter- mination. In compensation, however, Dr. Yasquei Sa- ga/ turue proposed a patriotic measure—that the Argen- tine Generals Urquiza and Guido should be declared citi-Aldermen GKXBT, COR.NSU. andTroMiv opposed the pe- zens of the republic and Brigadier (lenerais. True, the federal constitution prohibits strictly this accumulation tition; there are churches enough to accommodate all of countries aud offices, but, quid inde- Where is the N^vr t'jis is clear, explicit and above board; and, so pronounced the mjurits fatal. The prisouer was soon ar- boy." The sin of E. D. Esilette,of Grand Coteau, La.. preacher, since he had to appeal to and stir the heart, church goers, and particularly at this season of the year, law without its exception: And, at farthest, it costs no-of a Territorial Leglalatare, or of anv individual*, to five legal of unfounded jealousy iu the butchery of his bounteous suppers, where wit and wine flashed together. preach Him who is called the Word. He showed that ther i w w v to slavery la aay Territory of the United Slates. The class of 1867 presented the silver cup to the "class faculty of persuasion was the most necessary quality of the innocent wifel Physicians were seut for, andfar as slavery is concerned within the Territories, seems rested by otlicer Button He was taken before Justiceto be unccmprlsing. It denies the rtght of any body of Butts at an early hour this morning and fully committed. tueu to make slaves or to enforce slavery ui the ferrito- He is now in our jail. Coroners Burton and Madden haver;<-!., » bertai the democratic parly, under the leadership lieen seut for to hold auHnqaest. We learn that Whaienwas the lucky "little man." F. O. Seymour presided. H which can be touched only by natural feeling and naturalC.Pratt,ofHartford,presentedthecup.inbehalfofthe speakingontheparioftheminister. Altogether,the oration was worthy of his reputation, and his mannerclass, with a neat and appropriate speech. In the absent evinced that, in earnestness aad strength of argument, he-o'HtepheaAPonglas,atfirmstherightolthepeopleofan> Territory to attermtne tor themselves, by a majority\i-te, whether th*y win have slaves or not. and a^ain,i :id"r the leadership of Mr. Breclclnridge^ tf the otherW.IJ i' the party, matutaius that, constitutionally, any Wife on his arrival at tbe jail here. He talked about the s iveht' !er has a right to bold his slaves in any Territory allairss though be should be justified in the act. H Joitbefather(themotherwaspresent),CyrusNorthrop,of this city, received the cup for tho "baby" with owe ohis happiest speeches, and iu this respect performed theoliJee of father in the most perfect manner. This class is gave a torchlight serenade to ex-President Pierce,5who one of Yale's ben, and till five o'clock this morning they was a guest of President Lord; to Mr. Cuyler, to Mr.liasbeenanindustrious,soberman.bulhemust bea person uf terrible and murderous passions.wasentitledhimself lobecalledanoratjrofthatkind he so eloquently urged his hearers to beixme.oftenleadstodisturbances.Aldermen STABR, OWF.VS and DARRAC.-I advocated thegrant of tbe prayer of the petition. This was the seasonmanner,illustratinghissoundlogicbyexamplesoftrue %Ue Bets—A Curious Memento of a Bygone College orators, drawn from ancient and modern times, giving Spree, dc, die. eloquent descriptions of the manner of Lord Brougham,YorkLocalPreachingAssociation,whodesiredto'ex pound the Gospel" in the open air . and asked permission of the Common Council to erect a tent in Jacksoa squareThere were jolly times last night around the festivt Spurgeon and Bcecher, introducing as usual his compari-'shoreinacutterwhichupset. Tbeotherswhowereon board—eeveu in number—were picked up by another ot ihe steamer's boats.T o r n a d o 1st Mateaachuaet ts.riage. sponded by speeches; but the last, being unwell, was ex closed at this season of the year, and it would be an ac- of the roof ot Mr. G H Lincoln's house was torn off, andbytheComptrollerfrom theappropriationiorC-ronersfe l e e s ,Sunday, it isagreat annoyancetoforeignerswhoare P r o t e s t a n t s .L a t e s t f r o m S o u t h A m e r i c a . [Translated from the Montevideo correspondence of th» Correos Me cantil of Rio de Janeiro, June 8, for ih> NftwYORK HKRAUI. jTtie question of the surrender of the island of Gorriti to theEnglishgovernment,whichthreatenednomuch The bill of W. H. Arthur & Co-, amounting to $1 129 SO. trouble, is settled. Tbe Kngiish Minister, Mr. Letteoa. for fecord books furnished the R. gisters office iu 1167, declared to the government of the Iiauda Oriental taat aewas ordered to be paid. had received orders by the last packet to desist fxo.-n enRobert Thomas and Calvin Lathrop, members of the New ever knows anything about elections, must know>and uic er graduate, held a wisiness convention, anas man, and he belonged to no religion: be was favorable more was blown down, and a number of fruit trees de-N>uth: and that that power can be summoned at a^iy soned The proper remedies were applied, and the in- leg were not disappointed. Rev. Dr. Hawes of Hart silicon's are carried forward as far as college junior block up town to build a cathedral ou and then deny The Worcestir Spy. of the 23d instant, has the fjUoe- t me whea it is neea«d. by tbe frcsid<-nt ot the Uniteil evitable Woodruff came back. Seeing him trying to ford, ollere-I prayer Toe orator then proceeded, tie another sect the privilege of preaching in the open air. ing —Mate*. ;a tne person of Abraham Lincoln, or any otoer j-palheiizj." his wife Austin BRaui ordered "him to flisit called attention to the army of reserve in tbo vari- year in the languages, and may make about the same He (Alderman B ) belonged to no religion, batperhap- he The town of Uxbridge was visited Saturday aftern<>,a repreeentative of the republican party. .Vow, the Huc- leave, which he refused to do, alleging as a reason thai ous ion•»- "i human civilization Th>, army was the one advancement in mathematics and other studies. A Would wiien he became a little older. Ii this matter goesChrist like fidelity, "Get tbe* behind mn, *»lau '" aad ;onelu<l.s his epistle, which is tot til,- guiltless of puiKlu the old well of Knghsh imdedled. Canseioujiieat'of i Tbe anniversary exercises commenced on rtobbath even- The Finance Committee, to whom was referred the com trees, wbich for fifty years or more hail successfullytruest* Mod tor the real, iJ^oud ap, lauae.) How cau I llonand the sense ot which is often quite obscure as ptiwer was shown in Disraeli, iu his success as late ' ing, July 16, wit a a Baccalaureate sermon from Rev. K municaiiou of tho Comptroller, transmitting a statement battled with the tempest, were brokeu down One largeeiid in twain doiil pro*irale your pree.iojs stn-ngth wanbarn was unroofed, and a part of it falling upon his hoi ANNIVERSARY OF THE s^EW HAMPTON good it they went down among the heathens of the Sixth broke in a portion of the wall; about forty large aujLITERARYTHEOLOGtCAtINSTITU-FAIRFAX, Yt.. July 19,1860. The thirty-ninth anniversary of this institution has justA N Dquence, has perhaps seldom been equalled upon any simi- FAIRFAX AND ITS SCKNKKT—THE ANNIVERSARY EX- by tents for religious purposes, no matter of what de- belong iu« to Ml'- I lean, was also bad l\ damaged, and aabt«n held. and has been a very pleasant and successful one religious feeling, but he feared to open tho door to ail religiousdenominations;foriftheygrantedtheprivilege The weather cool, clear a n l invigorating, the public ad- to one they could not deafy it to anotner. and thus oarThe frtiii and oiiiiimenta! tress of E. B.- Tbm/ue, R-q werebadlydamaged,andMrsSallyliilnioresuffered'm the destruction of her wood shed and several vaiaabl*his lodgings. About this time Mr. Aust.u was accidental lege course. Too shortest prayer he could oiler in it* be- churches being closed at this season of the year, he would heavy wood ami timber biown downly, it was supposed, poisoned by swallu#ing some half was tiro j>erp,itta. well sustained, and the generous hospitalities extended to merely say that it was the duty of the pastors to remain A uiw dwelling house of Mr. Minot L Danfortb, nawStrychnine which had been left in the pantry. Ho re- Cyrus Northrop, another star of '57, took the floor strangers^all combined to render tho occasion one of un- ip fown and keep the doors of the churches open to their baildmg, one and a half stories high, was totally deatroycovered, however, and Woodrull returned, and pre amid mucb cheering, and spoke of the rapid growth of usual interest and satisfaction. parishioners. As to the heathens of the Sixth ward, al- ed. Mr. Banforth and Elder Henry Baker, who were inintellect and true manhood which a mau w >uld acquire luded to by the Alderman of the Fifth (Brady), he did tlie buildirg. were both precipitated into the cellar with by taking a faithful and active part in the society's exer- Ttrs institution has been located at Fairfaxforabout eight not know that there were any in his ward; there were a the timbers, but escaped without serious injury. A barn cises His ready and convincing sjieeca was itself a suf- years, having been removed from New Hampton. N. H., few niggers there—a very few—and he did not think that on the estate of Mr. Lloyd Wilbur was destroved. and ficient illustration of his remarks.tiou rones home to me, as au houeat, apright man. and hope of achievement. The law of thrift Was universal by a tornado, similar in character, though of les- magni- a.> claiming to **r*member thoae in bot»U as bound with fce i AtSlin^ wa* crafty, tnd Mrs Ausliu dil not wish hiin the law for thinking and the law lor forming. Wft'oi I theological department is also appended, though this th a committee they all knew it would become a dead let- tude and effect, to these which have caused so much lossHi. m.* can I march up to the po Is, ana vote to sustain a to go away. Woodrut! was dually drivmi out of thov ,:»i tutien Containing such ooui|>romtse>. and bejusli oust-, bet hung ab >ut ah day aud slept at uight in thetied oo the plea that 1am aiming to prevent the extrusion aru. Iu the morning a lettei. in his handwriting, a 1-ot .nat very system which, iu dfteen BUtes of the I'uiou. I ressed to Mrs Au>un was found ou her bedroon floor by iu the opinions men had of th-mselve-. There was too j The scenery around Fairfax is very grand, aad there- man of the Filth (Brady) to designate the residents of umes, whirled around, and then hurled back to its bed— am eoa«t.uu>uauy npboldiDRt In seeking*oaccoiupi.-li a er stepdaughter. It had evi Scully been slipped throughgood oioecl. may 1 do a wicked act* May [adopt tbe he wiudow during the ui^ht. In this letter he addross-vi,:-jl:ul motto,that ktheeudsauctittesthemean-" lioif.irhia' Nor do 1beliwfV that any compmmtae with sintin turn out better than refusing to MUat all. I.i ttedbe trumed la every emergency, and the ri^hl adhered to;aad though the devil may come in such piaosiole sarb asalmost u. deceive the very elect, and sae, "duly getdown a uttli* oft your knees, and ail the kiugduiua of ia«iearth shall be yours." 1 am bound to exclaim, withrs. Austinas -l>-ar •yaatha.'' tells her he has'-im ortai confidence" in h -r ao.! her love for him, remindsknowledge only for us utility, and forgot that there w,i- year tnere are no graduates. Next year some eight or ter. of life and property in the West. It seemed to begin in nothing so practical in ail things as the army ol there- ' ; AWerman BARKY hoped the matter would be referred. thj north part of the town, near the poud of the Cxbndgeserve. This power of the army of the reserve was seen ' teu receive diplomas. Be thought it came with a very bad grace from the Alder- Cotton Mills, the wa'-er in which was raised is large vol-little of this quality. Men olieu, with ail the learning fore well suited to make impressions upon the minds and the Sixth and Fourth wards as heathens, when he himself thence travelling in an easterlv direction, tak ag up 9our of the school-, h,,d it only as a clog and hindraaae of ' stands a self confessed heathen before this Board. barrels and sending them upward like balloons Every theirpower, itwasneeu in Bacon. TheK-oatplaysofI heartsofyouth.MountMaMfleld,withherlonffdndsolemn Alderman BAr.iar thought hehadarightalsotocom- moveablethingwasspeedilythrownfromitsplace. Theprofile skirts, or rather fills, up the eastern, horizon. plain of the term heathen being applied to the Fourth shingles were stripped from one building, and scattered aShaksixire—•• Hamlet' " Lear" aud " Macbeth" w-iv Far to ihe south rises Camel's Rump, aud in (the imme- apd Sixth wards, as he had had a considerable number of long distance in the tracks of the ruthless spoiler. Many,ill keep ibme safe wit!' m--." He directs hir "to |>er- thought had been first pumps 1 in ;UJi (j,.:, I abound in profusiou. The village is a very active littleer that their lives are ui eai li other's hauls, andures ber— -Mb, keep mm- with my love for thinr, and I Burke. In a review we could tell whether the ibut the mere plays oi that master spirit. So, too of ' diate vicinity green hills, of various shapes and sizes. vptrS from those electors who had been ihusi stigmatized. valuable fruit trees were broken down, and several buildug on him more than vou c»m h-lp ke«p your strength suprriluoiis expenditure of streigtn. Wh.ii uoulii the J%„lV T « ' °* * °'<***. Re*- Kendall BTooks, sing the issue of three millions of dollars of floating debt clean path through the woods, it rusbi*tt along the a.-; is and love lor me and I will keep miue ^>r tho Set by the army of the reserve enter ou its campaign When pro- j of Fltcbburg, Mass., addressed the Society of Inquiry fund stock, reported in favor of adopting ihe ordinance, of grain, laying il all fiat and broken. It next seized wlhdowintbedarkduskofeveningaudsendyourthoughts fi-ssiouswereenteredintowithtruepre,ara!.ious—Wlien:Mr.B.'saddresswa<quitefullofimariuatiopjapeculia- aadcongratulatedtheCommonCouncilandthepublic uponsbarn,turneditendforend,andreplacedItUJOSlakes that dreadful oath. Is ha justioea in doing this ou of love lo me and I will seiid raftio when you Rutire to bed meia were less anxious to get inio life than to get ready j rity which was well sustained throughout His theme upon the prospect of the finances of the Corporation being its foundation, though not so skiltuliy as the owner de-ahy pretence whatever* Not if I understand tiiu natureile»-the same by whispering my tiaine a-id I will doe the to take its honors. We at last reai^hed the conclusion of was the thought that the scheme of Redemption will be sooo placed in a condition entirely satisfactory. The re sired. How far the tornado extended be; ond this point itt-a.-es against legal tnj tstice and urga&UKJd IUKIuity Therepafthcaa party stands on a level with the tjhe now 1must close these lines in haste yours lor our what we knew was nothing compared with what we did , On Mouday evening, at eight o'clock, th*; ||terarv so-lugitive Slave tow. It haft ceased all oppo tidying iove for eaiih other h]j> keeping iiiirsi-lvi-* from not Know. The need of reserve power was also seen in cieties were addressed by Rev. J. E Rankin, Of St. Albans MI.antoit;andtiavingdtmethat,ofoiures,u><•litactwithouropiiooie"exinconv*r«atlooLooksOhthepulpit.ToomanyenteruponlifewithinsufficientHediscussed"Eloquence;itsNature,SourcesandGeorgeW.Morton$04193forservicesandlawexpeisesnouncetheappearanceofthetornado'tobewonderful that extent it is awtully guilly. And shall I vote H*ep all your love fer me aud 1will keeo all my love for traiining and culture. To remedy this defect, we should , Highest Sphere." The speaker firs', iiidicafod the differ- intiurred in contesting his position as City Inspector and fearful. Its effect was certainly wonderfulthat tae me« who buy and soil and steal their f.-Uow the If I go to Judds Antioc Direct to Art&nea Jndd grow older before entering upon a profession. We wanted ' ence between true eloquence and elegance on the one band Adopted, by a vote of 10 to 1.creature* shall hare poitucai i*>wer put into their hands jiriioo. teacher* to teach us to repress the unmanageable loqaaci and p8eudo eloquence on the other: then ineutloned as the I AR.1 TO THK nSXTKAL PARK.in proportioa to the asiaai of thetr thefts, and in* nam" Upon this evidence Austm hascommeuced a suit against ty Nothing could be more exhausting than the basis of eloquence, character, feeling and.fltnejss, and con- "A resolution directing the Ninth Avenue Rillrjad ComT r m p t r a i u r e o f t h e W e e k .The annexed table shows the temperature of the atmos- phere in this city during the week ending July il, lb* range of the barometer and thermometer, the variation ofwind currents, and the state of the weather at threeber •*»!*»«*• «»*y •»-» ptoftdcv asst deh.imai.iir- .HballU'tK>druff for conspiring to t»ke his life.The **ortn Aaieriran sungtrlinnil. Bcn-ato, Jujy 14, lSijO.shifts made to cover up ignorance. If a man had work I cluded with some passages upon i pulpit eloquence as the pftny to complete the paving of Fifty fourth street, be1 coftMSftftea •»«#!!« s»ye>wtraBtoaw^hyt*stdoiai i criminalacMfthooW Mmyawlf mSSS^^Sl *?*£to uo, the easiest way was to go and do it—far easier than to try to avefid it. Oreat men were only men woo • bad got ready for great crises. He had no faith in village Hampden?, or mute, inglorious Miltuus. Tho want of re served power was illustrated in the reply oT Hayu • toideal eloquenceRev. Dr. Labaree addressed the alumni oh Tuesday evening upon the true and, talse theories ini education. His discussion was substantial and thorough, and highlytweea the Eighth aud Ninth avenoos, aud run their cars to and along Central Park, was adoptedThe report of tbe Finance Committee in favor of donat- ing $60 each to twenty nve graduates of the Institution for the Blind was adopted.To day was set apart for the priz • mocert The priz1*,tog by a naoras obligatioa wh»h I ««ito » « £ £ f i altniisaive silver goblet, was competed for by twelv-e Webster. Iiayne was exhausted, but Webster was lull of evangelical in tone.periods during each day, vis: at 9 A.M-,*ndi .and f ThV committee reported in favor of paying the sum of o'clock P. M. :—tatoty •ursststn. Mow.a wwn in regard to^aValto sis.lettee, and won by the Ari-Mi, of New Yoraoity. It grand power. The orator described with great suocessUtatala, the Prestdantial candidate of Ida rsouMijarTaa/ villi be presented at lite grand bamiuet to night. tbe powers and appearance of Webster. Deep, earnestty. OurfTWftd anM msmclev« years » „ , aj,. £*£ Columbus. Ohio, was selected as the place tor holding thought was the great requisite. Let not the lawyer boOn Wednesday, in the regular course of etahiinations $2,500 for disbursemi nts and legal and other expenses in- which had been in progress during the week.! appeared curred by the Committee on Contested Seats in the Se-i t30.41 re's. K. 90*1 84IS. W . 30 21 »U. w.ao3»«90.44.80 3o.;tJ|H4> 90.2991 S9.0M8>inttftwftOSd ftwo ta* House of Representatives a mil ro, th* akftlttHh of savwry aad tbe star* trade to Out Om UHrt) fthasfh, to he aan , hodW,at the same tisae.pro-as htve bib tor that Oniric*; end hs cdta. •qaemfrtond, Mr.ISMIJUIS,thai hsdit •to atftry. I presume ih.u Mr. t»>ugU*did ftftt know that Mr. IJaooto had ami a I M pro«»Mtuuu^ke nexi Mi-ngerfesi.The tireal Paclltr !taliroa<l. KA!*»AS Cirv, July 24,1HWTh* reveniony of break im the ground In this end of th •the young ladies in their uniform and ftoweraj The ex- cond and Kurhtb district-. Adopted, acquaintedwiththelawonly. Lethimcultivatetha aminationinEnglishliteraturewasveryaurieritsr,aswell raftAOI)ITIO>AI.asnsATKorsxriejrHtsFORTHEYEARI860Ld, ' X ^ d ^ r a & J ^ ^ ^ . P"sident oftheTo tbo»* who delight in good music, tbe« Desert." aer- tormed at the College street anarch hast evening, be the BeeibpvenSociety of Yale Oolioge, assisted by Noll's Or- chestral Band of New York, was the richest treat or the week, though the society did not cum* up to their former prrfermaoce of the tame piece.!Butlittle is said here about theWorcester regattas. After the general facts bad been learned there was little desire for particulars. Over $4,000 wer* list by the Yalewill go to Hanover this autumn, and pursue his theologi-' calcoursethere.The ocaaston brought together Bap'.ist^cWgymeu from various parte of tbe State, as well as many strangers from adiatanoe, and all returned satisfied that this institution well deserves the approbation and patronage of ail who love thorough and substantial acquiri-mealsTiNaaal Intelligent*-.BOHTO!», July.ok, 1360chadiag McKee t Cnrget't fire escape for Ihe use of the city. Carried. ^ ^THE JAPAJTSaS R.VTKRTAlHMSfT.Alderman DARRAUHsaid, as th* Board had made twovery important amendments, be would move to strike out tbe sum of $104,000 for the expeeees of entertaining the Japanese Embassy. Lost.Ayes—Ruisell. Darragh, Seagrist, Owens. Noes-to ii (><7*1 - Til -Kansas TerritorvTand^anv^aaJ301;?TM^M ^ ' J >n«" * ^ ,,«*»1 there were al h a i T ^ S S ££?'J \ fwmuSexifhelikes. lethimbe,inasense,aliterarymau.Thewholeoftheorationwasexceedingly flue. Jadge Thomas is a good speaker, and, unrestrained by his manu- script, might compare favorably with our first orator*.at that in botany. Several compositions were read in the crowded ball, and that with great diatfoctness and force.The communication from the Comptroller, which had been made a special order for this evening, was called UD andread. vTbeYaielaw Schoolannual poxes were awardedontries." Bat h s dtd Mr. Itoanhi no Injustice. 1 would B^JlVtV,~S?*.te"<,,l*,• T n e «**»><>*» **« *"** appro Wednesday by Governor Minor, Judge l"*rk and Jidge song, and Rev. Dr. Labaree ottered the concluding prayer and binding documents for the Common Council. Car-a>a, doss Aavasftwa I steiita, to IS6V, propoM- the abou ta»^atosss^tft th* lawartotar Outrnmbmr 1 watt roeWdahTtydaWft tft» MpiaSiiaau party, m lSdO. ptopote ia^ ahsBlisft of atovery to th* Daiuici ot t^iumbia. - \ J repto^f ISsTataftahatlkdheSftft*. it does not muteru«< • to aMCsf ««sh ttoftftty wh*s» H sww axaskt, t>«* dstVu I*a fMutavftssa.ftrMstont,aad irtsarrrcUao wlihia, oy tae strda»ftm*f la»fftawr«lf»««r»iii*Bt. Thai w ao*. ta- I**? tor BM-n maybe tor you. / mmtorwawahua, ...JsfWJiftlll I—f amft• afia ting If 11 injm mi beds., xmmtmmil* */arasoft*-—(**' at*—i m to sal»f—aft *rdhr tuftet iU •torwsu wtiftjss. (UMUI *o- S)' Ths> tftM*f abat aadarUk— to tot it aass*, so tot,ft»dfsWftBVl*fs*s4,aftitwfltir ft hototalJ. hewartytortaw Itamynotb*toallreopen.ut T e ^ d T r ^ ^ e ^ ^ ^ >w f t rh* * ' *'«»acu« fentlr,McCurdy. Tbe first prise was awarded to Mr Homli j ried,N. Warner, of Mississippi, and the second to Mr. William To day seven young men graduated iu the literary de- Alderman BARRY also offered, as an amendment. that the Ctoyton Page, of East Baveu. Subject—"Estoppels iu partment One of them, your correspondent IS'informed sum of $20,000 be inserted for the expenses of pur_ The crew of tbe Macedonian, recently arrived at Porto- been ksft at Worcester, if nnahle to borrow, only for mouth, were paid off yesterday.Smith, Barry, Henry, Bagtey, Brady, Tuomey, Starr, and rain squall. Night rain.Cornell. Boole, Piatt and Genet Tuesday—Morning clear aad warm. Afternoon aad Alderman BRADY moved to lay th* matter over until night deer and pleasantnext meeting. Also lost. Wednesday—Morning char; partial eclipse of thesan. The previous question was then put and tost, by a vets Night overcast; light rain.and I know of tome who lost erarj cent, aad ra utgo-and-retara •xcursloa ticket*. Bat "there's nense The United State* steamer Mohican was at Fernandocry u>g tor spilt milk '' R. on tbe SSth of May. Afeftstoreintownisanoldbottle,filledrpparent!yicrnaaaoOf8to8-Amotionwasthenmadstoreconsider,whichwascar alldayUntitled Documentbears the hbei "CUssof 1893." X h tow fever in that city on Wednesday^ Uth last.;Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069carried by a vote of 0 to T. Adjouruea to Tuesday next.Saturday-Morning overcast; shower. Night cloudy end wind blowing fresh.allow the public parks or public streets to be encumberedferred to the Committee on Streets.THE FLOATINc; DKBT OF THX CITYpert of the town, the tornado cut a path through the 1 ""WBSa* three-foarths of a mile long and a rod wide. LargeSaturday—Clear all day.Sunday—Morning clear and warm all day. Night clear. Monday—Morning dear and warm. Afteraooa windThursday—Morning and evening ahowery. YerysuHry www.fultonhistory.com 