 9~h**ter U+Un,ti<iok«*eta ***««« "*«*** frwtIf-/''taa^Pte *« Wt"ga-Mz&iioa*in- "" «•» Tffjf .. i CUBAN CKKV. ECSC8A&AC- i NO SSMSB .' THB < » -HK N A T I O * - ** hot tun rjbte JEY ARB OP Utoftfc* ((!««*of th* fatur*.aea»»? Azv" • Elecfcon, .nought/>r:>-S^9-erm not desert IWJ D.eugiA«ft protdBfyy> happy81oat, as i» p^ned at a a nomioa-'<?oogrew. nary meet- ch was to Zor.veaiiov inr.oying athe S U M tt&sajok* M&nei near ©a to the re know*r witk fcto•* *Furtheron ^0^7tbe office of Coipattandant of the j^snsacola Kavy T a c t!ae«*U*l body •agonal UaloiCAPK EACE, Friday, Aug 31, 1860. Fifteen hundred Garibaldians bad disembarked is Calabria, ai.d we e joined by two hondrtid'iasnrgents.BaHf6&d Uonv )any'8 steamers was banded to a Seleot Commntee, w JO, after intense thought and the perusal of sundry doc amenta (among others the original con- tract), came to the conclusion that the contract isille-will astonish tto&e "Who have paid tourist biDsontue White Hills.1The credit of opening up Mt. lMTansfield (which, Ipredict, is destined eoon to dividefavor and raBbionwiththe White Hillp) is due to Hon. John Bingham, an en-terprising citizen of Stowe; He isthefounder and pro-r*MtnnuMiftionsooritirnedforthedrfeneecf.Naplos.Cul. Cosenz,wi:h.4,000volunteers,hadquitted*4nesst doubts, and fears," remained persistently reembark. . \It is asserted that two companies of dragoons' haveprietorofthe "Mountain House,"the "Half-WayJ.B. Weir....* ....»*-. 4,45* W^lUngton&Abbott.. ft.000 postponetTibei*ultimatum until nextspsfiou. Great House,"and tbe "Summifc\H6use"—all three being evercantakeplace. Thoseship*ordered ia commis-OWS h * Wby.two or f-d upoa to tion frost own to bo . t&ketU of his re- ^e nonu-and was his Con-reeedcatsy- op as a n to tkatstloye, a OLvincing p* for by eks mom hick 1*4ever.9-earn that of the- Ja- t on MOB- ; ia ail to S'Hrdi. aad the rwpon- •r for !-*« omul paliti-farthersJjilvr. A*abcat ut whoa backing b AerecJ $105; ©Of ded items robbery »•'>re*4«ted . *mea are"settling of pay- r ' B a ttrn you, 'ery o*e >itoai*,ofyour •: that, against ereafter r. Coa- ist gftokMM r / Stephens taid he appeared reluctantly beforethe people, and only did so because be could not re-fuse the invitation ofhis old constituents. The eicnaof Uie tini^u por»ei>d"evU. Eveiything se*me tendingto nat-.onal disruption and general anarchy. Whetherthis tendency was to bo arrested depended on the virtue,intelligence, and patriotism of the people of all parts ofthe country in the. preBent great crisis. He was forDouglas and Johnson, the regular nominees. 'WhetherDouglas received two-thirds of the electoral vote ornot,_according to the usages of the party he receivedthe two-hirds vote of the Convention. Tiie two-thirds rule was adopted upon parliamentary under- very dull,' prineioally owing to the severe rains. Tne ttancting, tuch as are provided by the constitu-and everywhere) for twenty-six years, having given1-ycu his impressions of a first'visit to Mount Mansfield, may as well " dry up." But, first, let me advise yoiir traveling readers just to once try this beautiful Green Mountain State—justto once visit Mansfield. If the trial do not breed a longing to return again and again, then I am a poor, judge Of average human nature. Also let me pay that Montpelier is a pleasant spot for a brief sojourn. \ I t i s a handsome, hospitable place." Its State. House is one of the noblest buildings in the coun- try. 'Just now the folk are in a state of anxious wait- ing for Van Amburgh, who is announced for the 23d,•ri-soato ^ I j Lettkodelphia. He has never j;otanything for his paperor his review but crumb s doled out with a reluct-ant hand.THE CASE OF INDIAN' AGENT FORNEV .Sale of Water-JPower.• NIAGARA FALLS. Saturday, Sept. 1, 18G0. The Hydraulic Cana), and seventy acres of land; which hare been so.long in litigation, were finally pold by auction here to-day, under au order of the SupremefCorref-rondcnce ottbePanamaStarandiSenvld.] GCAYAQt'IL, Aug. 14. 'of endless mountains ard woods. The scene is tooic proj>- e \ theit out tait»re»tin£ >' traca-* *r- fMtchiAgeof *diu part ivOnNnnat principle* di~.We to rmfcttOaL.'*hat tho forrna- portant dissolv- t does, Deme- ontend- rioes ofbaaier soribjed i GOT-tO'Vio-- :.d the I'Cratis rvati-rai which can ex- peeoeperma-th t ho I>w thereadyng his r >re for- -party. gr*»a"t 'E if it* o tiekotAs the Indian Office has sent out to Utah an Court, on foreclosure of mortgage, and in satisfactionf• Itold at >ougla$ ftheia £ . A t •ecausecheat ley aj» age« to othl&e ;4roo'»-Ameri' prasentSt. Charles Hotel this mc rning.; He afterward ad- plaint of Patrick Horrigan, a brother of the decease^ ably by this time out of the way of temptation,_ and ofIt•i M* -.A-—<ia that snug little pa -lor at Thorp's hotel, never lost an opportunity to pronounce a speech that 1 Was always sure to apj >ear in all the editions ofIJowe re of Europe.The Indian Chamber of Commerce had-pssscd reso-lutions against Mr. Wilson's (Secretary for India) cur- rencyscheme.The Income Tax bill had passed the Gjjmona.Consols were closed on the 2£il at 93TOT money and 93i®93| for account.Illinois^entral and New-Yorkand Eiiesecurities had advanced.The Fulton left Havre on the tJlst, andCowos on the 2*2d, at 4 p. m. She has 300 tuns of merchandise, and 225 passengers.Aug. 30,1860.0I.•-:"i- ^.IUcwsT>yth«ls»*l AUGUST A, Ga. Saturday, Sept 1,1860. An immense Viudieoce of ladies and gent'emen as- sembled at tho City Hall Park to-day to hear the Hon.his native State (though loving and proud of it always•Having given you, fnm time to time, latterly, the main facts in the !)e Groot matter without going- into tedious details, I have but little to say now, except that Mr. Cebb, in his award, did notarmcc andbojldly pursued by Flore's troops. Indeed so hardly was be pretsed, that bethrew himselfinto the river and swam off to the Bolivar, which, vessel, as, Eoon as he bad gained her decks, (together, with some four hun- dred of his followers,) moved rapidly off towards Guayaquil, hmyingthe balance totake care'oftberethe sincereandtborough'supportofHonest Abe. TThoevex votes for those electors, knows that be it voting for Li >eoln, and knows,tfno,that he is voting for the mai i whose.election will restore economyaodintegrity|othe administrationofthe Government.—CanTheExpresspWcivethedifferencenow? •We hope we don't u trade, but really we wouldwmJtaacFaltoU.I•c FROM CALIFORNIA,The United States mail steamship Northern Lighta ;vsd at this port on Sunday. She left Aspinw^I orx nthe 35*?1 nh^ Tne following is her treasure liet:Bnf«lwrtt ;?«*•K'I^ Cp>taEaca,affairsfeniaiaw-ftaliima/Q Tbecon- begreasyiheeased andsideraaonof the contract' and subsidy of the Panama cbhrgee at Stowe srd on tbe summit, their modesty that on which'*iewe of the v o m m o d o r e ' 8 *&•$» &*&*•Taormina, taking the direct'on of the mainland. Fifteen hundred men, with a-ms and tents, from ytbo> thxongh' so many days and nights of "dark Sardinia, had landed at Naples, but were compelled toJike to know what has become of the gentlemanat h'8 poet as chairman of that select and gallant <c$»34.553REPUBLICAN MEE •»TINQ8.j>and who delighted to 3&I themselves the Whig T?be\flfufttrian marine budget is to be increased 100,- ««Geceral'Committee if the City of KVw-York;" OOOOOOfloiins. ' . .- * -'MOVEMENTTHEV-INDIANS.he who, whether there were few or many gathered The English Cabinet agree to- discontinue their ne- together—that is, whe her there were four or six gotiations for including Spain as one of the" GreatFORThe Express—we metn, of course, Jhe Hon Hiram Ketchum. In 1content b'ke this—in these XiastrDays of theEepullic—his absence is a matter ofpublicconcern. Tielasttimeheappeared on the political stage was on that memorable night; during the last contest ior the Mayoralty, when hisV ery severe .weather was exper'enced in the vicinity sistence, and exposing him to peril from that class of which is a rocky pile rising some 200 foot above tbe of Vafparsiso prior to the sailing of tbe steamer, and men who are regarded everywhere as the offecouring general level oi the mountain ridge. The "Chin" ioirner followed, reviewing the various parties, plat- forms,ai>dcandidates,showing that tho Free-Homs- etead. policy was the policy of the Republican partyr and that it had suffered only a temporary defeat by thepemocracy/inthelaetCongress, Mr.Schwabnext spoke, on ihe necessity of keeping the Territories open to immigration and to our"children, which could only be done by keeping tbem'free. Mr. Francis J.Lam- bert, who was the first fpeaker who addressed the as- sembly in English, declared his belief that no inteffi- g*-nt. citizen of foreicm birth would support the electoral ticket |of the Sham Democracy—a bantling of Brooks's ^Cnow-Notbingism and Douglas duplicity." Mr. Mc-; Donald pang a campaign song in English, which wasiriend* bad a serious fa Hog out, and without conscience gave him leave to resign, and withdrawH e went forth; and since he is nowhere seen inthese stirring 4imes, it is presumed that he still steamer bound up' the Channel, supposed to be thesomeheavynorih*rswerefeltintheharbor.The Amc)i an s-earner Peruano had arrived at Val-paraiso, and nailed for Callao. CongreeeoontinU'sinsession,andthereportsoftheMiniuterH of the different Departments of Stale have been published; the .Twa^ury report ^bowe that the national inco'roe dnring 1859 has been $6;274,165. beiog upward of $300 000 over 1858. The value of foreign U)erehandi»e imported into th» country during the year is $24,761866, and exports $19,558,254."Duringftbe jesr the mint coined $3/342,923.Tlie amount of the loan of 1822 has been "reduced to $9;494,500. '.t is calculated that the six portsent. For- eign Debt, will be liquidated by 1869, and the three per eent. debt in 1877.The Chan'ber of Commerce has decided a suitOfcommunity.. Thinfactis,attested to by.the Com- aboutamileandahalfdifltant,beingapleasantbefore- missioner of the Indian Department, who says, in one breakfast walk to view the sun rise. Both peaks areof his reports, that, "the Indians are outraged by men easily climbed, even by women and children. Of the whoareunworthythename,andagainstwhomthey party!accompanied(takingcoachfromMontpeliertoStowe), there were four ladies and three children, and have no protection." If these things are so, then,It no one had to complain at any point of daiger orwanders,Illinois from New-Xork for Southampton dnd Havre. Aug. 31, at 11 a. in., lat. 52,° Ion. 47,° brig Paalita,of Malaga, bound W .LONDON MAKKKTS.— Sugar, Coffee, Tea, and Salt-peter quiet. Rice and Tallow firm.will find here, in tbe " Pavilion," a hotel that, in many respects, may challenge comparison, in the "hands of Col. Boutwell—and find also, what I regard as one of the peculiarly excellent, village institutions of this State, a first-rate, moderate-priced livery, so that he" Contending wiih the fretfal eiem^nt,"at solitary specimen of an Old-Line Whig, who will neither fuse.nor be fusedfrankly declares that.«* the Breckinridge fa<;tiou is impossible. Theyis it is^ compromise with <«havealreadyviolatedtheirhonorandobligation?,eeawoitby whet ehe left port. r?,•'.The Arauca Indians are suing for peace,, and solicit- ing to be again permitted to enter the towns in theservices to the temporal well-being of the Indian tribes,now most injured and periled in our country." Thecommittee thue chosen were his Excellency WilliamSnrague, the Rt. Rev* Thomas M. Clark, the Rev.Francis. Wsyland, D. D., the Rev. Jonathan Leavitt,D. D., the Rev E. M StOEe, the Rev. T. C. Jamieson,the. Hoc. John R. Bartlett. Abraham Payne, esq., Col.A. F . Dexter, Dr. S. B. Tobey, R. G. HazircL esq.,Samuel Austin. This committee, after mature deliber-ation, repor.ed in favor^f the plan'of Father Beeson,. and for tbe State military muster, which takes place who was the mover in this projefct, and who is' wellI«< and any compromise vith thern^ would not only ;eou*.b *cith their produce. ' •'..'..••>.''''New and valuable mines are being discovei"e"d in the" b e unsafe but dishonorable. In th s State, they **have added selfishuess to faithlessness, and amireral districts of Copiape and elsewhere.The American steamer Pernano, intended to run between Lima and Guayaquil, had arrived at Valpar-<<contemptible tyranny to both. Their avowedaiso from the States. ".'.. iy"! Business: in Valparaiso is reported •as continuingit 8gency is corruption. They menace the weak,cc they decoy the gripin ?, they punish the honest.following foreign vessels had arrived'during the fort- night:known in New-York, Boston and elsewhere, for hishere next week. , The Supreme Court has just closed its session. Chief-Justice Redfield, who presided, de- clines (after 30 years on the Bench) a reelection, and is«« They strike at conscience, they proscribe truth. tion to pass a law over the veto of theefforts in behalf of the Indian. This plan was, toFrom P.nnta Arenas, French ship Valparaiso, coffee, secure.a State Convention, which should issue the call to be succeeded by Judge Pbland. Justice Redfield iscity.-GREAT.,;REPUBLICAN INDIANA.14 They exact a lying sn pport Tom the tongue of " t h e subordinate, thottgh they know that in his " h e a r t there is nothing but detestation. WithPresident. Any other construction is impracticable. "Whether Douglas got 212 votes, as asserted on one sidt«, or 154. as alleged on' the other, he (Douglas) re- ceived more than a two-thirda vote after the seceders left. He (Stephens) supported the ticket because the candidates on it supported the time-honored platform ofput in leaky, and sold part of cargo to defray ex- for a Nasional Convention, wherein the condition and one of the few Breckinridge men of Vermont. Chas. penses; from California. American shiD Jamea Brown, needs of the Indians should be considered, in the high- G. Eastman, the poet editor of The Patriot, and one barley; from Havre. French 'ship Callao, assorted; est aDd strongest light'whicb our Christian civilization of Mr. Douglas's staunchest supporters, has long been from"New Port,, British ship Ssk, rails; Belgian, ditto; affords. To secure this object, meetings have been confined to nie house by a painful illness, but is now Blcng,' dHto; from Cerro Azul, Peruvian schooner held in all the principal towns-in tbe State, and all, improving. F . Sbelton. whilom editor of Tlie Bunkum Elfina Kuiper,- sugar; from Liverpool, British ships without exception, have reported themselves favorable Flag Staff, continues a resident Episcopal preacher Mandanao,' assorted; Pheaton, ditto; bark Yaawath, to the'movement. The Convention will be held in the. here, having an abiding fondnes* for trips to Mans- ditto.'" ' *' First Baptist Church at Providence, on Monday, Sept. field—and "fretful porcupines.'' Vermont is preparingMEETING INand by speeches and otherwise in Niagara County, did whit he could in its favor.—We submit that this part of Mr. Hunt's speechlieved Slavery will go to the extent of. the capacity for' it, and that no law of Congress or a Territorial Legis- lature can extend itjbtyond this. . He dwelt upon the Union and the importance of preserving it. Ii was the best Government of the world or' that had ever beenThe Arica correspohdence of The Panama Star and Herald, under date of Aug. 8, Writes as follows re- gardingBelzu's movements:, ,'.•'.'•-and social attract ions, undreamed of by the world atlarge, and particularly by the fashionable traveling In the course of the season, a notable novelty—theworld. tenor Tamberlik—one of the few superior artists who Born in this gem of New-Ecgland, it required many have not been heard in this city, according to the adver-tho chief highways of*the civilized world—to open my tisement, will appear. Tamberlik has an extra note or eyes fully to i;s beauties and grandeurs, I havo lux- two to his voice: the indomitable puissant high C ofwasaboutthecheapest jndmeanestsortofdema- established. Ifitfailsweshallneverseeitslikeagain. gogueism of which even he has ever been guilty. He called on the patriots of all sections to unite to save it. The Union bad enemies at the North and South, but be (Stephens) was not one of them. He knew Mr. TEDE LATEST NEWS, Breckinridge's ability and patriotism, and he would have sustained him bad he been nominated by the De- mocratic Convention; out' his present position divides the party and increases the chances of tho Kepublican candidate. He did not regard ifr. -Breckinridge as a disunioniet, but his running endangers the Union not-withstanding, and he has no. chance of an election be- fore the people. •• . 'Movements of Mr. Seward.ROCHESTER. N. Y., Saturday, Sept. 1,18(50. Mr. Seward arrived in this city to day. . There was no demonstration^ and consequently no speech. - Mr.the chestT-an impossible note to the orator, and only Wales, the qfamer earth-piles of England, the lofty comprehensible by_a tenor, very rarely—is one of his Alps and the Carpathians—have caught from each distinctions. This will enable him to play Arnold in thrills of eublimity and terror, as well as glimpses of William Tell—the opera being eingularly deficient inravishing beamy—but I must confess, that in all the the vocal interest of the principal characters, the tenor world beeide, I have stood upon ho mountain-top that excepted, demands that such an artist as Tamberlikcould give me euch a broad and varied viaion of theMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH.u PERU. -> Pates from Lima are to the 14th. The Callao. cor- respondent of,The Star and Herald writes:' " All the. efforts on the part of t'le Government todiscover the person who attempted to assasrin-.to Gen.Castiha have' proved unavailing. There is a generalISpecial Dtipatch to The N. T. Tribn&o.From Washington.,WASJkiNGTON, Sept. 2, 1860. THE DEFEAT Oil COL. FLORENCE. "Col. Florence talks of resigning his seat in Con-conviction ihat six month3 will not pass without a newrevolution. Congress has at(-uu.cd to itself, a new, beautiful and grand, as that which I recently enjoyed adequate advantage. Mies Patti, who doubtless has•theory, that is to say, they have-declared that, the from tbe summit of Mount Mansfield, tho ioftioet of pushed forward her studies during the recess, will sing Congress is the Executive power, and that no other can the Green Mountain range. . \ to night; and give the public, especially the movingTHE D E GBOOT CLAIM.Mansfield transcends, in variety of beauty and gradeur,that of any other known mountain peak. Very far, in dilletanti when sopranos warble aad bassos, growlmy opinion, does it eclipse any White Hills view in the new abode of the muses. The clergy of Brook-—grahder ia it than any large view from Alp or Ap- lyn, tco, like some of those of New-York, are expectedernine. There is mountain, forest, lake, river, city, to go to the opera 'boxes to see their fair parishioners, town, villogOj hamlet, and (magnified by a glass) vari-ican, whose name I do^not know, was offered §50,000 day, flings some new light, shade' V>r color upon the in- plan of frequenting such cynosures of grace, loveli-by Flore's friends, to gjet under weigh and leave Franco . terminable scene. Now the mountains;are draped in ness> and full evening costume, to the extension of the to his fate, but ho refused the money and stood by him clouds, and now they are burnished by the sunbeamsBY\grcs8 on account of his being defeated for a re- Sewa: d*s traveling party is a very pleasanf one. nomination by the Admhdstration leaders in Phila-exist; their proceedings up to the present timeare ofEASTO.N, Pa., Saturduy, Sept.-1, I860. The Jury in tbe case of Joseph Oliver, indicted for the'murder of John Phctzinger, after an absence of half an hour, brough^ 'in a verdict of not guilty, this even- ing. Phetzinper was a private watchman"in a pUuing recognize De Groot as a party in interest at all. mill. He attacked Joseph Oliver and Alfred Apple, on T o other parties he awarded damages for their ex- the morning of tbe 5ta of July, with aguu. Oliver wrenched the gun from bis hands, and struck him over penditures in the sum of ;>30,000, a third of which tbe head with the butt of it, killing him. The trial was paid by them to Do Groot by some private occupied six days. Much interest has been felt in the resultofthetrial.•Oliver'sfamilyis.highlyrespecta-ous moving life to content the most avaricious eye. instead of taking tea with them as now; and all the It, is also eiid.that the ow#er of the Bolivar, an Amer- Morning, no^n, and evening, yea, every hour of the society of the place is requested to adopt the Europeanarrangement. TheSeentaryofWar nowallows De Groot $30,000 as actual damage, which sum, added t o what* was paid before on that h*ad, makes $60,000. Add to this $90,000 as construc- tive demages, and the ertire expense to the Gov- ernment of a..contractor who failed in his obliga- ions i» §150,000. f '•. The whole subject of extra allowances to con- ?ble.The verdict gives general satisfaction.—»—Annual Statement of Cotton.*CENTBAL AMERICA.The steamer Columbus, from San Jose de Guatema-takes and streams,' and now they are lifted as from linesandfieldsofflashingdiamonds. Thesnortofthe ircn horte is heard far away, where the white.breath puffs from his nostrils, mingling with the droning ofthrough the nose, of which Italian vocalization is thesworn.enemy, to the loveof the mariifold beautiful, asdefine ated in the magic of the scenery and the romanceof the life of all epochs, from -Semiramis to Figaro— 3 Fair, which is expected to be large and well attendeddresMd a vast crowd onJCapitol Square. He re- iterated non intervention doctrines in the strongesi sense, with apt loctfl aluwons. Hia supporters ap-who charged that he struck the fatal blow.- On being taken before Justice Welsh, the accueed was held toc'onimittiDg further depredations. The rumor is that, on account of the very dry season, the indigo crop will be bmatl, and gr^pvers or sellers decline making con-service embrace reminiscences of every vessel in th'.lessness of some^person in leaving a lighted lai\^p upon the floor near a pile of rubbish. As the fir*, was dis-'*' covered at anearly moment and speedily ex .anguished, * but little damage was sustained.A correspondent of The Pres* announces that Mr. Douglas will soon proceed to Pennsylvania, and will address a meeting at Harris i>urg on the 7»h, Heading on the rfth, andf Dbilaideljhia on the same.evening; thenee to Kaston anfl other towns of the State. He willthen return, to New York.iV avaf.VHIL kOELKMiA, Sept. 2, V£60. The steam friga*e To-*iuijtao, for Vera Crnz, pussclCap*Islandthisaftemooo.the deceased on Saturday, by Conner O'Keofe. Prom the evidence elicited the jury were, unable to decide' who Btruck the fatal blow, fin the disturbance was a geniral one, in which six or eight persons were .en- paged. The Coroner concluded to hohi Stephens for the present, aid also issued a warrant for the ajre&t of Prank Bnright, against, whom there is some suspicion. Tbe latter ie a brother of John E. Enright, and also of Thomas Enright, who was eerionsly injured in thekept by W . Matthews, awaits him. From this point; a capital livery, kept by Seaver & Wilkins, wiiiris him on as rapidly to ihe '.' Halfway House," six miles and, 3,8«0 with whom.theyrstirtd to $he mouotaics. Prepara- T. H. & J. S. Be*:o»—-•• W.tOO Keelj^ Byrne &. Co.... 5,800to Uly legi^latr -e body to sanction or disapprove of the same.. TheChamber,invirtueofthisdecision,havejoined the insurgents.The following was shipped by the Ophir Silver Sibl- ing Company:Silver ore. Sllv»r ore. 2.bags Howland & A«ptawall.538bag8Passed, Aug. 23, at 11 a. m., off the Lizard, afatigue. 'Parties wishing first to visit Vermont's social capital,It would seem that the work of combining Speech of Hon* A. H. Stephens. brought by Huth, Gruning & Co. against theValpa-forth a voice calling upon all lovers of man, as man, ton to try the ascent of Mansfield from the west side. warmly applauded, the assembly assisting in the cho-the Douglas and Brecki oridge forces in this Statein one solid party does :lot proceed with as muchharmony as has been hoped for. The Leader, A.iEL Stephens ope«k. Which is.the principal organ of $he Douglasites,raibO Lloyds for insurance on tbe Peruvian bark J. T. C , in favor of the foimer. This vessel, it maybe fe- menjl>ered, was bound for China with guano, and sunk when, three days «ut, notwithstanding she bad ho rough weather," and consequently the Insurance Corn- puny-refused to pay tbe insurance until the suit was given against them, maintaining that the vessel was un-to cometo her assistance.At a meeting of the citizens of this place, calledtogether in the name of R^ger Williams and WilliamPcnn (who, it is well known, in their dav, wore friendsand allies of the Indian), it'was resolved, on motion ofthe Rev. Dr. Le; avitt, ''that a committee of twelve be appointed,to de\ ise .a plan of measures for 'our bestHe will have to foot it by any other than the east side rus. Col Pinckney also made a short speech. Thoroute—and such a footing! meeting was very enthusiastic, and cheers were given" And now, Sir, a Vermonter born, who had not seen with a will for the Republican nominees. When CarlSchurz was referre d to , the enthusiasm was almost boundleesl A j ratification meeting wiill be held at the same place to-morrow evening, which will be addressed by ab'e speakers. .' .—The Republicans of the Seventeenth Ward met on Saturday evening to organize a Wide-Awake Club. J. B. Ryerson was elected President pro tern. For its permanent organization there will be elected military officers only. Those most interested in the matter are confident that a company of Wide Awakes will soon be formed that will compare favorably with any in tho" such men, how could ive on any terms combine ?';From The Few-Albany Tribvnc, AugvtttiLWednesday was the crowniDg day for the people of Indiana. Sixty thousand of the yeomanry of the k n d —the true and tried freemen—tbe makers and unnvtkersI n fact, The Leader goe 1 on to say, the first and the 'non-intervention, the only .principle which can preserve.indispensable condition :>f a union "must" be the " withdrawal of the Breckinridge electoral ticket -—a moderate and modest demand, which theBreckinridge leaders will joy folly hasten to complywith.In the course of his-jsplenetic tirade before thethe Union. The objections urged against Douglas by the S*cutlers were that he refused to say that it was the duty of Congress t5 do what they would not do themselves. Douglas refused to say" that it was the duty of Concrets to pass laws to protect Slavery in the Territories; "hence they oppose him and refuse to vote for such a law themselves. Mr. Stephens defended Douglas against the charge that he would not yield to the decision of the Supreme Court, and said that Doug- las agreed with vverj principle decided in the DredThere appears to be a stock! of all kinds of foreign 3, 1860. Friends of the Indian from neighboring to roll up t " high old " Republican majority at the of Presidents—assembled at Indianapolis to speak, mBeJI-Everetts in this ci y on Tuesday evening last, Scott case, .' but aJso^ innsted that the point how" far a "Territorial Legislature might consti-MOUNT MANSMELD-MONTPELEER, &c.CoirespDndence of The N. Y. Tribare. The deercscendo movement of the public toward theclose of the last season—even the Japanese thrownmiles in length; could we speak to you the words of wmdom that fell from the lips of Tom Corwin, the old " Wagon Boy, "and Stantun, and B'air, the idol of tbe people of Missouri, and Lane, tho gallant standard-bearer of our party in the Gubernato- rial contest, and John C. Underwood, the noble cham- pion of freedom, whswwas driven four years a^o fr:>m bis home, his own land, and his family in Virginia, be- cause be loved the white man more than the negro; and Judge Morton, our candidate for Lieutenant-Governor, and Caleb B. Smith, that, man of wondrous eloquence, £~j ^ r g u e that spe^kethuT words'of n^,Vth^n7ourown hearts would throb and thrill with joy, as docs ours this moment.'But we cannot detail; we cannot tell you all the in- scriptions' upon the transparencies, nor give you a faint idea of the imnenee throng assembled. But we cau tell vou that the 60 000 freemen at Indianapolis oa Wednesday brought us good tidings from all parts of our own State, and the country at large.' They assured us that the people have their hearts sot on the victoryof Old Abe, who is deeply enehnned in the hearts of the loyal freemen of the land. /• • At an early hour the cars began to arrive, bringing-in hundreds and thousands, and before 10 o'clock t h e / streets^were densely crowded. About 101 o'clock the processi< n formed, and it was so extended that it took full two hours to pass the Bates House. Tbe most no- table things were, firstj a flat-boat on wheels, perfectly rigged and manned, representing the early life of our candidate for the Presidency'; then came a wagon fully- one hundred feet long, drawn by forty-three yoke of oxen, on which were threoleg-huts, and several men making rails, an'd also a wagon and blacksmith shop with men at their work; and then a carpenter shop, with tools, and men at work, thus showing that the working men are fcr Honest Old Abe. Then cime a wagon three tiers high, each tier <»ntainmg thirty-three ladies, e/ich lady bearing a flag, with the nanie/of tho Statethereonthatsherepresented—theveryactwreath- ing a devotion to the whole Union that should put to shame each Southern traitor.After dinner thirty o'r forty thousand persons congre- gated on tho fair ground, about a mile fom the city, and were addressed from four'stands, Mr. Corwin.oc- cupying oneJMr. Stanton another, Mr. Blairi another, and Judge Morton another. MrJ Corvvio was followed by Mr. Underwood, Mr. Stanton by Caleb B. Smith.©ov. Hunt professed bin *elf shocked that a proposi tion should have been j resented, to the people/un- der the Constitution, l»y the Legislature of last Winter, to eonfer the ri gbt of suffrage on neigroes without property qualiiication. This he regardedtutionally regnlate Slavery ihad not been decided. No case involving this principle bad been be- fore the .Court. The position of Douglas is that of" P A VILION," Montpelier, V t , Aug. 18,1860. No member of: the fair fraternity of the- Union has.perfect eqmdity between the citizens of all the bark Berkshire, wheat, for Australia. £ 3 ; American States with respect to the rights'of persons and prop-erty. _ Mr. Denglas believed that a Territorial Leg^fria- tnre might,, by a system of laws, vi.thally exclude" Slavery.-He(Siephens)differed~with:Mr.DouglasonExcbunge on England. 60fo 90 days, 43d.; Paris, do. do.,4f.55c.;UnitedStates,do.do.,15percentprem.fessedly unsurpassed in the struggle'of the Revolution,aseverBince.inherfidelitytothecauseofFreedom; street abode of the muses is concerned; and now, to-astheblackestcrime cf.theBlack^Republicans' T h e Governor forgot to tell his admiring listeners this pomtr but it was a matter of no vital or essential •• BELiNA. :'• :':;NEW-ORLEANS, Saturday, Sept. 1,1860. Accordir-g to the. annual co'tou statement of thetjie fleeh-color of air and waters-prites included; andever, that the Governine, t feel rather nervous on ac- which looks down contemptuously on the " Croucliing likewise to* the diminution of the sale of Ferry Tickets, spare no exertions and no expense to make this Fair ahas inbieted on an export duty on oreB,.in direct con- missiles were need. Daniel Horrigah, a young man. travention of tbe contract entered into with theH. Colin & Co 14.000 Kreemnn ta Co.Z. Einntcin k. Bro 9,W0 Well*, Fa7go & Co. A. B. Bosfi>b«utn....... 12,500EMetder& Andrews.$11090 Total.......• 11.000sentative of tbf great Republic. Very little hopes .are generally entertained of? its ever being carried into elTe<;t, they having forgotten that one terminus belongs to New-Granada.traveler can reach Mansfield's peaks, and the band-some manner in.which the traveler aforesaid can be en-tertained. Xandlord Matthewsmayinscribe,with entirepropriety on his card, "The way to Mansfield easy;trIJ-?:CCOin,nodat^n8 8°°^ tfae charges reasonable.") —The German Republicansofthe Eleventb^ifteeath,Additions are to be made to the" "Summit House," and Seventeenth Wards (Vith Congressional District), fSS*?,TM0 dTMbled,b3st Spring) and anew and elegant on Saturday evening heM a meeting in lincoln HJaH,J F. Joj'K. Keily.tiCo...........61Wttkf.maii, Dixcos L. Co. SbtigsbeigHT otal...604 bagsCorrespondence of The N.. Y . Tribtuw.PKOVIDENCE,It may be, known to most of the readers of THEcorjDsr of Houston and Allen streets; George Steia- breinner President,' and B . Blumenberg Secretary. Tbe first speaker was T>T, Adolpb Douai, who proved, fron its cardinal principle of: Free Territories for Free/ SOUTH AMERICA."OSFT•> <::-,,. ;;:, .,-...••• . -^ ' . . ., •,/-!f.:..; >^^/<'t..;^-<;? *'*^^--- •II*IfEW-YORR DAILY TRIBUNE/ MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1860.f-O *'$!>,fW U>nt>en Meader.... 1 G50. 3,500- g^l.butajttheeametunemost maguiuimduslyleaveitC. JH. Grant a. C oXVT.Colemank**"• 12.0*!vJSuperif'K*lly&Co.,. 44^00A.F. &C E.TUon.... 4M' Wm. Hoptj&Co. *•»• • 43000 nectedwithtb«»Government, regprding the contract thelatterisaMr. Spalding. Mr. BinghamalsoownsPeBhun)& Co 3<\7fi0 Jennings 6i Brewster.... 11 000 entered'into with T. F.iMeagW, onaccounrof A. W. honorable discharges. It is said that a bill witf fee in-Wm. BtJler&Co 37,W)0 P. Nftrlor................. 10000 Tbompeon, fcr the Chirlqui Road. It,is JrtwZtkat the tbemeuntain;top. Slowly but steadily he has been troduced next session providing for. the addition: af Ortie.T.,. 11.4fil A m e H c o n E x B a o k . . . . . 75.000 perfecting bis hotels, roads., aud means of travel, untilJ Struum Bro».& Co... 37,<tS4 Duncan, Snernwn it Co.l"405fi President has been greatly influenced by the Repre-• now lie may well boast of the ease with which the 4,000 sailors to tbe *erv5ce.nowattacbed'toythenavy,nooutsidee»lisC®cttt«what- Jno.O.Parker&Son... 8/WL.VonHoffaaiin&Co. llfl.000 difgutt.i*1(*?*^s^dby/alltheinfluentialmennotcon- leasedbyMr.Matthews,whoseexcellent;managerof sionwillhavetowaitforthereturnofhandshavteffgoods on lumd, sufficient for the present demand, and States are coxdially invited to attend.coming election—at least such is the talk. c. D. s. thunder tones their deep and patriotic love for the Peo- ple's candidates, Lincoln and Hamlin.'"* Freemen, could we ins'ij into your hearts the deep enthusiasm that that crowd created in our own—could we thunder into yourprices are inling low.Coffee has been exceedingly scarce, and, notwith-standing what has been landed* ex Valparaiso, isqnoted at 20 cents,vThere were no transactions in copper during the foi"fi)ight.- Hides are firm and scarce. Saltpeter— 25,500 qqls. changed hands at $2.Tbe iollowing cbarters had-been made:- British bark Tocna, ores for Liverpool, £ 3 5 / ^ British bark Bleng, guano, Cork, lor orders, £ 3 ; Britieh bark Lin- cluden, wheat, for Liverpool, £ 3 17/6d. ;--Aoi&ricauMELINUA. A.B A L L-'*'..3W),000^Half-Way Bouse is tobe erected, thecoming 8pnng. W & i ^ w W i ample and enjoyable that tourists will be glad to halt there when the weather is ttnpro-rpitious for a'summit view.I have alluded to the peaks ot Mansfield. There afre•istheloftierofthetwobyabout500feet,-buttheview LaborT'anditsadvocacyofFreeHomesteadsforactual Aug. H; Paita, 12; Gu»yatluil, 14. Mountains is fast crowding out the Indian from his is about equal from both. The "Summit House" is settlers, that the Republican was the party of true CHILI. home, thereby - depriving him of the means of sub- located some twenty rods from the base of the " Nose," democracy, and the workingman'e party. Mr. Tech-The tteamer Valparaiso arrived at. Panama on the TRIBUNE that the immense tide of emigration that is21st, bringing dates from Valparaiso to Aug. 2;. Callao, now getting in upon the valleys west of the Rocky' two, called the "Chin" and the " Nose." The formerBel»u Jirrived here from Valparaiso on the steawer ofthe 3d instant, and went on to Tacna the eameday.His intention is to invade Bolivia with a few.men, inthe hopes that the whole country will turn over to himas soon as he puts his foot in 'that _ Republic. If the years of absence from it—years which bore me over army remains true to Linares, he will have but a poorchance,.«nd run tho risk of .lowing his neck. His de-parture from Tacna, it ie reported, is to take place onthe 30th instant."Amina, Roberts or Freischutzs.officer of the Bureau to learn the facts as to Agent of judgment in favor of H. H. Day for'$110,000, andPorney's vouchers, I h;ive to reiterate the sub- was bought'on his- account, Mr. Day will imme- initiative and preparing io attack Franco in his strong- Champlain, dotted with islands and busy craft, and pure tastes, and a chaDge of the mode of regardingdiately complete the Canal,. having the whole power stanceofmyformer<ispatcbesonthishead,readyforusenextSpring. "•>'.•'bold at Bodepas. Nothing, however, definite trans- stretching from Ticonderoga to Plattsburgu—takes in those earthly piles. W e shall now have rival discus-namely, that the Bureau is unable to reconcile his affairs with any proper ideas of fairness.I hear from a source, ;o my mind entirely trust-Obituary*rying down wiih the cheering intelligence that Franco distant, on the s-lvery line of the St. Lawrence—takes had been most disciacefuiJv routed and that ^all Ihose in the countless villages, and hamlets, and farm-fields ofA POLJTICAJLThere has been a political discussion at theFauquier White Sulphur Springs between ExtraDISCUSSION.is, not to cheapen the value -of tijbkets by gratuitous composed4a part of the procession. .Speeches were made at night to an immense audiencepired,untilThursdaythe8th,-whencanoescamehur- iheglisteningspiresofMontreal,a.hundredmileseion8*astoscenes,auditorium,andtechnicsinthetwo'Mr.BlairbyHenryS.Lane;JudgeMortonoccupiedhouses. Who knows that perchance some ebullition of the afternoon with bis speech..-.At night one of the grandest and most imposinglocal,pride, from some Macamas on the Heights, may torch-light processions ever witnessed in this country not make the Brooklyn Temple the shining light of for hdurs paraded the streets. Its extent can bo Parnassus ? may not run a tilt against the lyrical incer- judged of when it was about two hours and twentyof his followers wlxo could, made good their escape thie glorious State consecrated to Freedom, and without with scaicea show;of resistance; ana in effect on the being wearied, is perpetually fed by a varying splendorSARATOGA, Saturday, Sept. 1,1860.Mrs. Garland) wife of Gen. Garland, of the U. S. next d»y, tbe little steamer Bolivar made her appear- of vision.worthy, that Gov. Wise will attend strictly to hiB Army, dropped dead in the streets here" last evening, ance with Master Franco • and four hundred of the It is but quite recently that the attention of the titudes of Irving Place ? Let the directors there avoid minutes passing the point wh«re we etodd,. Fireprivate affairs during the coming campaign.while walking with her daughter, the wife of Major Decs. She h^d been in Tier usual health previously.most ragged, dirty,, villainous looking beggars everoigiiiied with the name of troops; ana during the daypleasure ard sight-eoclung world has been challenged rockets Were being sent up from all parts bf the city, toward Mount Mansfield, an'd already the tide of tourists some of the mistakes of the New-York theater: One and the grandeet difplay of fireworks we ever sawself. , '/ , ,.;.'•". Freemen !,the work goes bravery on. Be encourr aged, for victory awaits our efforts. Let everv maado his duty and the enemy will be completely demol-ished. .Tbe grand. Republican ratification meeting at Indi-anapolis, on the 29th of August, will be remembered as long as freemen govern Amtrica.FRANKLIN COUNTY, N. Y\, holds its Annual Fair at Malone next week (on the 11th, 12th and 18th iasts.) and intends to have the best of the season.. Their ex- 1 tra preparations are—1. Enlarged and beautified grounds; 2. A half-milo track, deemed inferior to no other in the State; 3. A show of Horses, inferior ia numberandqualitytonone;4.Alargeexhibitionof Blooded Stock; and 5* A Stock Sale at the close of thatbemeelves as beet thef might.lUce a brick.* • ' _as with fire. Now the fogs and mists creep over the fine arts, the extenuation, of provincial speakingla and intermediate ports of Central America, arrived bells. It seems to mo (so is space abridged to the eye)J by buyers from abroad as well as sellers.-^They will' *at Panama on the 20;h of ATgust. that a rifle could send its ball from • this lordly peak, In politics there is nothing new. It appears, how-prices current, the export; from New-Orleens for the count of Walker being at Rna^.an; nothing is known Lion," (Camel's Hump), right into Burlington. Theyear amounts to 2.214.000 bales, the value of which is' White Hills, nearly a hundred miles away,, seem- and the consequent independence to that extent ofof his whereabout, but all Americans an* foreigners scarcely a cannon-Bhot distant.' Next to ballooning, for not yet ascertained. The receipts for the year foot up generally are treated with great coolness by the Gov- breadth of outlook, is this summit of Mansfield.New-York.'NAVALmodel for others, and a source of pleasure and Lostrao-tion to those who attend it. Address by Horace Groe- • -ley of New-York on the 13th..»1 m -, •2 255.500 bales, the value of which is nut down at ernment and the people on account of these fillibuster-: $100,389,220. The average price for middling for theThen, what is of the first account with pleasure aud sigbt-eeekere, this glorious mountain ia the most ac- cessible of its kind. One can leave New-York in theis it more accessible, but it is also far cheaper of access, and as yet is a tour frefh and free from the endless an- noyances and impositions attached to eatablished fash- ionable routes. The mountain should always be vis- ited from the eastern side, which alone has a bridle path. The way to reach it from New-York is via theyear has been 10|"folic. "Swok on 1st September, ing raids. • ~ '•'. .'.'1INTELLIGENCE.tractors for two or three;rears should be ventilatedby CoDgress. I hear tbit De Groot left this citywhen he thought he had the thing safe. Some ofliis attorneys here distrt sting him, caused an in-junction of some kind to j e issued againut paymentto him. The thing is a pietty one as it stands, butJBnal action has not yet been taken by the Presi- twenty years of age, had his skull fractured.by a blow French Mining Company at San Miguel. Of course,dent.M o v e m e n t s o f S e n a t o r I > o u g I a * . RICHMOND, Va., Saturday, Sept. 1, I860.Senator Douglas was received and e«cor>«d to thew,C00 bales.In Salvador, Government affairs are in £ quiet state,although great feeling and disgust have been displayed morning, and by the middle of the next- day's after- regarding the arbitrary decree of the President, touch- noon he can stand on Mansfield's "nose" or "cbiir:"; ing the importation tf liquors and their distribution. ItFiRTS.—Last evening a fire occurred in the apart- The'telegraph announces the death, at Pensacola, ment of Michael Golding, in the tenemant house No.A F A T A L AFFRA Y .—On the njg htof the 20th of August,a fight between rowdies occurred at the saloon at the ie eaid thai, the French and English Consuls have _en- ready to enjoy the splendors of sunset. And not onlyFlorida, of flag-officer Jamea Mcintosh, the Command,,ant of the Navy Yard at that place. He had been illfor some time, so that the intelligence of his deceasewas not^unexpected. . Commodore Molntosh was anative of Georgia, from which State he received an ap-pointment in the Navy in^the year 1811, a few monthspreceding the occurrence of some'of the most eventful Dii-fcrictj caused by tho burning of a bed at No, 32&„ incidents recorded in our naval annals. , He•was, con-comer of West and' Cedar streets, where all sorts of ter«d strong protests. At the same time, thePresident145 Thompson street, but it was extinguished before much damage occurred. It "originated on a piazza in the rear, and is supposed to have been caused by a match which was carelessly thrown out of the win- «, dow among gome clothes.on the head with a glass bottle. One • or "two others: this has caused another protest by the parties con-were more or less injured. Horrigan was taken to cerned, and in the mean time a large quantity of ores, New-Haven and Vermont Central, or the HudsonYesterday morning there was an alarm in the Vththe New-York Hospital, where he died on Friday are lying at La Union for shipment. A singular defal • Kiver, Saratoga and Washington, Rutland,-aod Ver-sequently, 49#£OXB an o«cer, of which'20 were spent/ Rivington street. Damage slight.Yesterday morning a fire occurred in Hill's dag; j©r-at sea. The shore duty credited to him is eleven years '.•eotype-caee manufactory, on the top floor of No . 354 and eight months. He was thirteen years and thremonths idle. The particulars of the Commodore' Bowery, in consequence, as is supposed, of the care-cation of the HquorS stored at L a Union has been mademorning. At the time of the row, the barkeeper of apparent—150 boxes being missing. The'parties inthe saloon, Lorenzo Stephens, was arrested on comr charge of tbe etbres have been arrested, and are Prob-mont Central Railroads, or, if the tourist wishes, bemay first trip over Lake George, and down Champlainto Burlington, and from thence take the Vermont Cen-tral to Waterbury,*which is the;point of departurefrom the rai'road to the mountain. For 50 cents thecoaches whirl the tourist up to Stowe (of which MountMansfield is the town's' crown it wel) ten miles distant,plauded, and all, wi & a fev exceptions, listened atten- bail to answer. An inquest was held on the body of itr&cts. -. " ! j . • where a really good hotel, i?The Mountain House,'" navy, and of every squadron. Tie had been activelyli vely. He goes to Staunk n in tne morning. FmLADKLJ^ 1 A! Saturday, Sept. 1, 1860.' A brig. Russian built, and carrying New-Granadiancolors, arrived at La Union, from San Francisco, withBorne 40 pntsongers, moBtly Americans, bound for Hon-duras. Among them, however, is an enterprising- a.half, where ho is" mounted on an easy, sure footed Yankee, who . has with him two wagons, with the in pony, to make his further way of a mile and a half to tentiou of running them between that port and bau the "Summit House." The pony.ride IB done easily Miguel, contracting at, the eame time for repairing.and within an hour. The charge for vffa ride from 8towe ehqrtening tbe road. He expects to have all ready by to the summit and back, sixteen miles, is but $2 50.engfcged on them all, and was. considered an authorityon matters relating.to the proper distribution of inen-of-war on foreign statious. His death elevates ?A single , BOY DnowNKi)—A boy named FiYjderick Leonard, step the 58 captains whoBe. names follow Ki on thdabove row. * .•'_:". •Noyember, in time for the Fair,SOso Itali*nbarkFilatda.Tho accommodations of the " Summit House" are ex- cellent and ample for fifty guests, and as but few stay at present more than oi e night, tho house is seldom crowded.. Another aoason the accommodations are to8Naval Register, hie relative position on which will now be occupied by Commodore Tatnall, late Commander- in-Chief of the China fleet. In compliance with the usual naval custom, in deference to tl\e memory of the dead, every U. S. national ship iu c/ommiasion will tly her flag at balf-maftt u from OfljPap. till, sundown," audresiding at No. 114 St. Mark's-place^-was drowned yes- terday afternoon, at the foot of Seventy-first street, East River. " /*Market*—Reported by Telegraph. NHV-OKI.**:**, Sopt.j L—Oorroy irtwdTjKmSm t^dkf l.°*° bole* at 10|"»lUlo. for ittlddjin,. K i A m clo*»d with «* adYano-ing tendency at * 5 62*. WHEAT cl<Wd with un advancing t t » - \doacyat«1643*$1"0* foaxquietsM«uat*«.Untitled Document**2•would seeni that the destiny which sentimentalistsaffirm is to destroy the Indian, is none other than thatwhi.'b will desjxoy thiB nation if left to itself. Self-prestrvalion, then, as well as humanity, demands thatwe should do all in our power to oppose this destiny,by destroy ing the conditions, by which it exists. . I nview of these facts, and in the light of this philosophy, car ride privately, if.he chooses, to Stewe, on his way the City of Providence, true io its name, hasdetermined to Mam-field, as cheaply as to go by the railroad. Bat to interpoee her aid in behalf of the Indian, and to send hewever he goes, let him not be persuaded at Burling-GREENMOUNTAINLAND.ACADEMIESOF MUSIC.ears the ehouts that made the welkin ring from" the early morn till long.aftWr midnight; could we parado before your eyes-that immense army—marching andinto the bargain failing to fill the house—had the effect a nobler historical record or current reputation than of leading to this persistent act of repose. Pale violins, b»rk Priorees, wheat, lor Aue'ralia. £ 3 . '* =s the glorious Green Mountain State, Vermont. Con- burly horns, muscular trombones, have all had theirunmatched in the pastoral beauty of her valleys and night, they take up their wondrous tale of musical pas - that when this proposition was before the people Territory oppose! Slavery it wou;.d not go there. He country by Dr. Beid, which arc likely to -prove of the varied grandeur of her mountains, and peerless iu sion, sonorously idealizing the passing vanity of vani-importance, becau -o if the majority of the people of a Rich saltpeter mines hsve- been discovered in this of the State in 1846, J&e was its warm supporter, saw no injury to the South resulting from it."" He be- gTeat valne.the almost .universal intelligence and independence of ties, the old story of hopes and disappointments, loves her sons, and the beauty and virtue of her daughters, and hates, or the super or sub-mundane circles ofVermont has still a' crown of multitudinous natural poetry, prophecy, mysticism and eternity—the Lucias,Joriated among the Caledonian hilln, the mountains ofFrom the peaks of the White Hills, when you reach :them, and the storm and cloud will permit, you may be thousands en route, a taste of her quality. Brignoli,staitled by aspects of sky and a breath of forest,, nuch though many tenors have come, has not been dispos- as can nowhere elee be seen. But the eye soon wearies sessed from his elevated position; and Amodio, in thetone of his voice, has .not yet found a rival here. , .Since I last wrote,to you things have gone the aacoe bleak, rugged, and awful. From the summit of While the Academy of Music in New-York has beenold waj—forced contributions, outrages, and an utter Maisfield, four thousand five hundred feet above theparaiization of affairs mercantile—ail looking to tha, level of Champlain, the eye takes in, at one circling standing still, that of Brooklyn has been going up;ce.n:;> of their old enemy, Fleres,as their only nope and sweep, the White Hills, the. Adirondacks, the Green Brooklyn, City of Churches, and of one church in par-salvation. E^rly in the week reports came flying in Mountains, and twenty other distant ranges, of moun- ticular, with a musical theater, indicates more people, Jrom the interior, that Flores WHS about taking ithe tains and hille takeB in a hundred miles length of Lakelittle interest."~ .:'..'•• , ECUADOR. •'iturned thither (for a three months' season, embracingPHILADELPHIA, Saturday, Sept. 1, 1860. ,*, able that presented itself. From the scanty information day, and 70 were boolced attne " Summit House " on every' promise, even the least, made to the public. Wilson, Mr. Riley,!Mr. Johnson of Kansas, aud our-1-•— !some hundreds more of their acoiable/confreres camefloating down in c&noes. balsas, logs, or anything float- July, August, and September), reaches from 20.to 50 a distribution indiscriminately; another ia, to abide by in 'front of the Bates House, by the Hon. John M.Fire Wear Holutiesburg, Pa.Billy Smith and Mr. Albert Kust of Ark. My . A fire this morning destroyed the s^ble, barn, and_ that we can get, it appears that Flores, abandoning his the day of my arrival there—the largest nunSber for a This will cause Plymouth Church to pay for its tickets, defensive position at Guajranda, with some three fcun- day since the mountain began to be visited. And of all 1enthusiastic Douglas informant sajs that the latter wagon-house of Jacob Keene. Loss $5,000. Thein- dred men attacked Franco in his strong-bold at Bode- who climb to i's eummit, many of them being familiar and to believe in all the promises made:' Plymouthfully sustained himself a* Douglas advocates ' .» eendiary, who also stole one of the horses, has been gas, and after a short, engagement Franco turned.and fled with ihe various famous mountain scenery of the world, Church, where Moses has already l>een performed byane3ted.' • • •Acquittal of Joseph Oliver.precipitately towards tl-eriver, followed by his grande not one diwsents from the opinion that the view from the operatic troupo, as is expected to be primeshould appear in it in order that it may be heard toimproved.AstotherateofenCi *»M*gx, •'NEW-YORK AND BROOKLYN.The Academy has -had a good long' musical rest. keeping step to soul stirring strains—miles andchance to refresh fingers andlungs, so &r as the Irving-fireasaluteof21gun.".*1nponofficially communicated to b*r Coto^apdor. Of coarsewill have to be speedily filled.The number of men authorized by Congress beiaf £ - ••-• •'v: o.•• - ....'^^^^^^^^^^0<^0m• - . . ; v «•>•&.$*&!•>•»«!'$$%#,;':^t-ift^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069''h^t^i^-^^^^^^i'www.fultonhistory.com. « •• ' • • 