 5ef ta-S.bat* fsilisfeared,maylookuponthe—«wf<^ iiinmiiiaatata planfbrprolongingtheirtermof servitude, which thay have beea led to suppose, by their masters' anenstaa, would come to an end with the election of Lincoln M an, fear that they may become so exasperate*! by the pro* able defeat of anticipated emancipation. through effortsshallbedelivereduponclaimoftttepartytowhomsash service or labor may be due," It may be here observed thatttesameiisgnaan, ••shallbedeliveredap,"iaused in both cases and that the constitution doesnot, ia either case, say that it shall be done by aitbortty of Congress I do not my that Congress may not have concur 1 eat Jnrie- dictlon in these uses, and that a law may not be paseed by Congress providisg for t t e exercise of this power by the officers of the leoaral government ia case of a Stateperty.BtTSCT CF TOT-THXR!- AXD TOCTBXEX BTliinCatiO».WhenSoothCarolina,la 1(932, madeprovisionforthe aulli:ication of certain Uwa of Congress kaowa aa the Tariffdawa, by the operation of which her aitizans were being plundered by the government to enrich the menu- factnrere of Maasacfausetta and other Northern States, tae whole Cnioe was aanv- s e d w.th excitement, and the use of tec era. bayonets was threat^aad to coerce her intoLerhistory Shebaaatalltimes,tathesi•asniailof taxes, discriminated between d; uncut kinds of pvoparty, andfixedoael.mdhigherthan anntaer,whitssaehasal- ways exemptca some »iuds of property ent.reiy from the burdci.s cf taxatioa. Prtor to the a:. of 1852. she taxast city and town property and merchan tas nigoer than she did land aad negroes—while horses, cattle, hogs, hocjse-aald iursltnrc aad many other at tides were aa. taxed at all. Uvea now the taxes bank capimi, Jo-eiga insuraaae camW»rrFROM SOUTH CAROL TSA.Bonos, Nor II, l*t*»f a C. W«M*i, a graduate ef aarvari College, has ar- -•.vec aero m the steamer South Carolina irom Caarlastaa. de was civilly fsnoested to leave the State, aad hiapas sagato taw port paid. Mr. fxxi waa In South Caracas. to -"EU£.: a a engagement as a achooi teacher in the Boone v.""* district.THE VCTION O F A L A B A M A . MoMuoaarv,N«vU,lSdO.the peop+e Sor any nisff^en emergency, that ©overeor Wis* laaugurated bs MinuteMen,aad that heciatcmptatec no raid on t t e federal government.THE REPORTS| FSOU WASHtN'STuN. Waaoixciox, Nar. 14, iim.. >utr« from different! parts of the Ccafederacy eanttatti 10poura upon our:ead.Jig pofeticiaaaofallparties,a» wellmthePresidentandbeas ofdapartmants,showio^ntr-faan r-w.-sanca •:::' aorKtansi saves 's's"«transmitcopiet?r.ftheresclutions pasad oythe• ne above r;cemmenned. in e <n«t will be, ia a asgn drgree, icjt: t to themanifkcturiog laterom of taeTHE WHOLE NO. 8831.N E W YORK HERALDtag J grow tagthem exaggerated. The coarse o f the administration w J' class found within bar limits, oa t h e demand or claim afibrdaojuatmoaeforincreasingthepresentezcltemec. beingmadeaa prortded bytheoouitituion Whatj protection of the rights of the citizens of tha slave States, i no outpour ng of indignation treat forth, and no cry of ' treason to the r«ivernnaent was heard from tbe Norlaern ! states But if a Soothers mac proposed that Ma-araehasetts be coerced into obedience, or that a Sovtberu State 1 pars retaliatory laws, he was denounoed as a dtsan'eaist, I if rot as a traitor If ncL'iffcstton ia South Carolina, for • est cause, was treason a-gainst the "aders'i girvernmen!. ; what better ts H in aAuachosetts. without cause •Praoahlytheracordsofn»jStateor aatloiinCar.3tea-ready iortaaib Carolina will not be ia tte Uatae altar tte let ofJtaaary next, B the CoarvaaDem which assets cm the inn at Baeaaabar sta-aiu prolong tbalr action any nana -Ramble Urns, tba people wild take tba •attar in their awn heads s a d aaoede from UM Uskm. Ton can rely aaca Una aa a fixed tackeither at the Sooth or North, aa It will endeavor fairly firmly and impartially to perform its duty, aa cases fbr itt action may arise, always keeping the constitution and the laws in full view.State denies ito obligation under the constitution to de-liver up a criminal wko is a fogit;ve from justice, oa demead of tbe executive authority of tbe State from whichhe fled 1 I am aware that disease ons sometimes ariseabout tbe legal torm af tte demand, aad that a laithicsaexecutivemay,undertomeshallowpretextorlegaltech-asaa ptaar about Hirrg Part Maaltne, says tt is totally imliuaileil, and ax-Jess Northern journals send o a t more re. labia correapoadeata tbey moat expose l o anAhrin tberr pockets aa well aa have their team excited b y nneatCONDUCT+>F 4HTPMA8TEH8 ATCHARLKTON PmusainQi, Nor. Id, ladQTbarwoortodeead-oct oftaw**ar*ain ofthesteamer keyeune State, at Ctarteatoe, was much aaaaajaraaad, Be d-d aot taut down tbe Aaterbsm aad hoiat Ike Pal aaataa lac, bat merely saluted tte Caratma lag by dtp •-tag sta oaaora.Bcaa-os, Nor. U 1M 0.• a t atieaimur sautfe Carolina arrived to-day tramnc real purpose of liruniuc was entertained at the South." Sack an efiect was aatetai, ta view at* tte source whence the assurance emanated.anything from his lips whiuh wonid lead to tbe belief the* Lincom'E Cabinet, A knowledge of its character, if it he entertains aay sentiment which ianot warmly in favorty to whom such service may be due?• hundreds of thousands, if not mditoas, under •;•:- ta- if , 'aws, navtfat on a**tv. a'id ottbe- a-'-Taat-tgse wtiih Uassa- ' chusetia derives irom tha Uaion, she retains upon her•hum si.*., rt-q;.. re every U payer m Uus itete te ssear, 0 audition to the oath now prescribed, whether he has,i laaiwi The iattar sa w.tten to satisfy th e people, •bo are tired ef delay. and impatient for seewtimTheIJBiaamen oftheStatewill makewar spaa toHOWTuaazMivRKrcvFos?'sr>But tt may be asked how <Tjnrg.a can eompe' V(i^--a treqneotiy evaded antl that !W"is made in Mwjsw-ibisensw«be*rjataaeaadtdatc fortheOonrsction. Itaum i t r a t a u d t h a t M e a a i » O o b b a a t l H o u s t o n , o f A U b a m a , wfavir oBoneratton. Masari. G a y . Fitzpatrtek, Carry.f:,i friends md odieious advisers as from foes.T h e a u v i c e s f r o m b u s i n e a a m e n e s p e c i a l l y s h o w a 1 « -eraStates,norhadtheNorthernpntoit beendesecratedby abolition harangues. Since the passage of tbe law :C o n g r e s s i n h i b i t i n g t h e t r a t h c , m * t o f t a e i . e e i ; i m p o rtilectua'lv nut:-'.?', iathat Sti'.te,theact0'Canirrexs passed forth* I'-ntectspB tf the ciaatitutional rights of l a e p e o p l e o t i » - . , r g i u S O ' , o t h e r S ' U l h e r a S t a t e s .sioHE iiAsa*- a\ &nmi*•laLATios A'IAI.VST THZ.-^orniin 1466, the , •'•MlaBsre of MasMchusetts paiseo, overthe executive veto, aanwother salute, extending tbhe pfrodoctrinethataState,whose cltireas orsabjej's havebeen oruitly aad Plegally deprived of their pror*ert y b y a n o t h e r S t a t e CT n a t i o n , w h i c h r e f u s e s t o m a t t ereparation, may lawfully make reprisals b y sieging th*property o! the otTendirg State or nation, or its cttiz^rs0' subjects, wherever to be *buad: and, if justice is st'!!refused, by confiscating and deltvenrr to tbe •njurrJpauy asufficient amoart oltheproperty soseizsdto themanufacturerorImp-i-f-e „iffasaaehaactos,orthweMruaooariua,New.14,IB*}. Speeches are nJgtatiy made by Senator Ttnmbs, Boabomea S. ooah aad others ia favor of secession,•—is, Ssesnassa,Joaaaoaaadothersop-agsa seeeaalor Ahitterfseaaetatatatbe6eotgta Iagiatalurebetweeni e f M r I v e r r w . a n d H o t . e l ; ? > b b i n r e i a U m t o Jt"thingof has tranaaired Acre tu day.THE FEELING IK TLfl BHsBa. Xassrnus.Nov 14.HMOTaeCaeiuig here m that Soath Carolina has beea UM .vrcipttkto ITthere la a genera; saavemeat of the Santa,however wham seems to animate the commercial classestheremaywellmakethemisanthropetbiai.oetterofi>mannature.Th"yareresbivedtoacttowardseachotherasb r o t h e r s , w i t h g e n e r o u s f o r b e a r n a o e a n d m u t u a l a v t i s *acce *n peeuniary aaairs." Y et pressure ana privationare already apon tiioae accustomed to luxury aad east".reoouection of the Nortnern patriots who united with our i'athera in 'ormiag the cuutitutlaa- and they did aot he sitaietobindthams^ivceandtheirposteritytorespect ourrightsinslaveproperty. 1 regret to say, however, thattheconductofmany01theirdtsceadat.taha«not'idea c h a r a c t e r i j t e d b y a , i k e s p i r i t o f j u s t i c e , s i n v* m a n y w b o » > e ancestors grew ricn by tdie sale ofstaves to the Soithern people, are now ready to ..eaou-ou tae Iran,3 u> ,/ii.w.the fortarea thay en,oy ware made, as immoral and afugitiveslaveth*benfptofthewritorhabeas corpus,and,on1isapplication,makes1thedatyottoecourtbefere wh.eu toe haoeas corpus is returnable, to order atr.ai by ury, which is cot allowed by said statute inatsvcaie"nc-'U,acaseo'»fugitive slave:andalsogivestheco'irtlab powertoadmithimtobail. Onthetrialthejurymayfetorsngc:oralverdict,aad tbeya r e t o h a v e t b t . ; a u ; ' d i s c r e t i o n t h a t l u r t e s h a v e m t h etrial of criminal cases- 1: tae .i-iry aisagrce the nwuemay be submitted to aaoUier tury. or continue-! to taenext torm, at tae discaat.on >1 tne court. The claimantis required to state p writing, with precision snd cartamtj the facte uponsjsiiich he relies, aad neither theclaimantoltheiug-.tivb,uor anyoae interested inthealleged oaiiga-icn to service or ta.ior, eor the fugitivehimself, shaii be permitted to testify on th trial; and no which he hue sustained on her account, and it n the cuted anu tbey stand epos our rtatsta bosk as a torror contemions, admissions or deciaratioas of tbe fugitiveeaa be sajiarf-Joveraar Hams wil* probahty convene the Lagtaiatuntforget the gratitude they owe to the Xortbsra msaorititi.Toevery prominent peittdema m the North, wtofcas sigt.on of their number, with are and aword, have mvaded Virgia-r., one or our Southern sister Slates, and slaugh. tered in cold btood some of her oulet. law abiding citi-shall be em the claimant, aad the facts tiects-ory to be ->s- tabiisheu mast be proved by the teatimday ef at least two credible witiesseeyor otaer legalovilence eqatvai a t-•cript'eri a n d compe them t orauduient cont^lvfmpasthat thefJaartastoa. Capt. Baxter i-roaouaeed the report that men of Augusts county, has beea issued Anotharef thaiallits officers, might arrest fugitive slaves foaa i in their limitsaaddeliverthemuptotheirowners,butthat toe people of Maasaoansetta aad of each Northern State, by tteir onloara, weald themes!vos "deliver them op,"C as they bound ttemselves to 'Melivsr up" fugitives 1justiceder ths authority of the acta ot Congress, tor aa* arrestofangttivestave,aadtherebyenablesthee"av1 to escape, or rescues ate tasua him from toe offioer an. he baa been arrested, and this daring violation of tbe law ts indicted in the United states Cour,, aad rxarvxted andsentenced to prisonfor having in the manner above men-r tionedforciblytakaafromacitizenofthiaStatehiso •perty. or if the citlzan ot Georgia sues him for damar— in ttte United States Court, and recovers judgment, aad has him arrested under execution, Missailiuueua, u either case, denies the use of her jails for lata lmpntoa-« may be dented teat we have aay 1 to aaaa taws ta Georgta prohibiting ttatar ssyparacse that I shewing that the 1ha booad by eer asassjsssttstea naisjaiws to te or, in other words, that Mssaarhnsnim eassss to ta eatated te the iirmeflmof taelamnsataart to its bnrinaa, It iswithout the violation of s a y turn of the United mates, « i of thai atatier ta tovaiasgsi aowor a fright, as aasiast aay is sate ofladgea and oaservea imto pass any saw prohibiting the laaportattoc" o f i u goods into her lerritory. she baa the undoubted right, aa snaa as the goods ef aay State are trmmiagled wits and be- come the property of her own citixaaa, to tax them aaThere ts much anxiety to ascertain t t e constitution ofTSX ryXPigt 11R0KIW HT THX VOSTT1But bow have se era! of the States of this Taion '<-v»t : statute book these wet evtraordimry laws, for the pur itscripuoa. Shou <ibe answer -nit que*.ion is th* aslr-was unisci latrre, would very much mcilitate any peace negotiations that may1 be instituted. Will n o t Otd Abe eillghten«tteSouthohthisaead- ACabinetobnoxious to the South wil. mateitmOy impede a peaceful eolation of the existing difficulties.Breokmridge'a marirtty ta v.rgmia will probably no. go beyond a thmaaad or icarteen hundred.A ceil for a taion meatiag at Qkuaortea, signed by tbe HOB. A. H £L Stuart, J , P . Baldwin and other promiaeniof preserving the constitutiou m all its integrity.Tbe Postmaster at Orangeburg, M r 'v&itt's residence hasforwarded his resigaaUcn, to take eilect on the 1st ai January, unless, be says, his much abused and best betheir solemn compact with Seor;:»' As I should be com I pose of robbtnr tae ctiztns of Georgia of tbetr p-opcrty polled to extend this tacsrage to too great a length were j which may escape and be fotmd w:tbn her '.ltni-s Sb'o i to attempt to jtomt ant tbe Ieith:e«* legislation ->f Maine, , i s inviting our trade, to which many o f her citizens 0 0 k Vermont, New York, Michigan, and of other Northern •for tt»-.rdairy bread; but If onr mercbaat goes thereto Statesuponthatoueataon,Iwillnoticeonlythelerv.-i-itrad*,andcarrieswithhioh»sSlave,asabodyservant, tien of M^raebuscus as one of a class 0: States which,.mat.ve, then tone further r«*i-iired ta state 00 01th,to the bast o f his knowledge anxi b itof, tne aggrea&e voioe ofall g'oocs wares aad mercsanoise, otaay c'mrastor, soubyhimdormgsaleperiod.wme*awereIISSBIla1milcall hasbeen issued for a meeting at Fittaylvaaia I experience ef h e tats visit£> Caar.es- Court Hcoae on the 19th lasttnt, to give exprastaa -art*, waatakenCramtheshipahoax,aadthattheeottrety aatbtfaetory.CLEARANCBB AT THE PORT OF CHARL8B- TON.aicn tothescatiman:ofthecountymlegtrd to the necessity of hUdiag a Southern conieraec* to recommead a plan of act.on for all the Southern Elates. A calltor a «.mllar purooee baa alao been iaaueuake e-jgrlziccc of the act of Congress passed In 17»3 f »r maa-led ef the t-r»verirment of France, aad, *n rase-JI luai 01 iiit.* . latos aoove meatKised, aad .3 utvorCa-iausToa, Xov. 12, 1*30. in Amelia county Th« proceedings of these meeting'from the (toreraor of skr.ttb Carolina a oopv . ' too rrs.. claims any other persga as a fugitive slave within a t latere tbe rrroteri-on wh.ab the crowned heels <r" it -opewill lare.ili a goeti u i i »f ttte popoiar sentiment of Utt State. These counties sepreseut boti extremes.TheBicbraandA>t7uiir.TurgesaStateCmtventioaatanlotions paaset by the Legiswture 01 that jtate, at tte itat iriftd-ction Tr. is casbficate. and-or the act of Com- -ia never fail ta afford to their subj-wta" If so ot:rgiT»rn f tares .£ art? meet m the wrong, till v e save sbuv.-a ahsesek)u,oB taaaiibject 01 nwr leceral relafons l'~ refe uf 178S a nc eatery ta enable th e owner t> carry o ' it ment <s a ^ailnre, and onr blasted freedom » In", a toe tiiect of tins letislat 001 sauuid otuars tasn refuse toTo fcton A. 5*..aai Collector S e a York —It.a reaorta*; that Biaaranoea are'ret'oaed at this •,-. -xit. Tbebosinesaoftheafflsegoeson &s WM. F. COI.XrX.Coteetorrights,.alliesa"thestaveboWing.?tateatoTi»"etin Con AYANKBESCHOOLTEACHEREXrTBLLED quelleopinionaponanrnTcstimi,aswallastopreptre veati'tn,"toraneertmeasuresfo»uniteda-'..on''MOKNING B&HTOX-THURSDAY, NOVEMBEB 15, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.jbtai to call outtar tte psaasaa, astatai orprnpartyof-sst^mtizsaefiearty day, which mi^hl ssttle peaceably t i e dangei^iisiueatiua. It says it ana with a view of coacentrai.j^ ready, as she ever has bean, to le'tend ber coastiin'..esatNorth. .-.«st and West, 7. , that tba hopes and oroap-^M., represent tcis State. It dec'loiag 10 re-jommead toe a;- stoodaaMpreesmg awiiliofineestoacquiesee Intherepaatedaggreeaiona of the uonsiaveholduig States Inmyopiniontheconstitutionalrightsofthepsop'-*a fug"tire s>-->. A . 1as a -,-.<• denied, to make the cause •.! tier c.lizm her nsnrusc; t'oe leaceis wet. have ao long e atrolted, and by iaeirtvaiaerwillappearrmtheTthot'Beeemoer The Goo veat'oawillmeetonthefirstMondayinJanuary.The .orernor i .etter a similar to that of Govern. -•rthvT SouItem States to act, as..: raoommendt immedia" • issue f-*rced opon them f»y Str Ltacatn't "lection is aot, all civilized aatj-jas, in ado: .2^ ao." maaaures agaiasi meet net excreiing "ear iu Ute county jail Tbisin the casi-tnseti oi such aw*the rx>w<ran- :i i* •r'vei;t<-the(ie>vercor-ithus£te«eu>suspeuooy rocla ninixu tae < pcratien ol the ast as agaiaat any one of sa.dStatts,whtatvtruemaybecii-raiiylufarmeathat suchStatehasrepeoieditsaoconsttattoiaJand•fiasaiveluv >oi.:x, *n.i« rota tboae very siareuotdwg Si^u- which arearming tbeaselTes ri>m>s many aaex- pressioa of iove*for the Lame auJ of depreeaof laeorgia. and "f th" ether sfaveholdmg Statx bar- order tbe pn**rrrt by the tfc'.rd' aect'.oa '1' a citizen of Georgia of his property, an . refuses tr< makesuch enend'og rUa'et. whica in thei' jnugmeut. miy b > tatute not oniy rn sits all or!o;ers of Massachusetts in their opinion, a luostlon '.)" poller -"" of poiit.sa: oeceesary for the restoration and faiura protection if a' iVom aris-atiijg !J.-" de: ling a fog.tire slave and denies topower, but of peace, of safety, of existence. They con their rights a r.t-Two of "7torf"ta t 1 aid of the oiffocrs oi that Stau' aalderuis casu'iungaadfarovuciaKscenesafutsurrecif••.. xonmmurisatiratXKCESL*>Smaoaa-i caprarmghisf.nrttive avefoundthere,butdeniestohlin •alter, on t. e grcasd that It is en vse . >r Alabama t • and maatacre—a proffer) w their slaves of freedom ai At the time of tue formation of the cansutution of the the ute uf au>! all or buildlag IK-longing to that Statee-sedeatone batthe laroaltnelement islargelyatt:- 1aitedStatestherigutaofthe slaveholder were recog- fortaepurposeJ!uetJtJauighisslave untilhe cancarry tlie expense of their own honor aad tacurtty. Xrae. nized la all the States. No political demagogue iu th him a-vay, aau alto atikes it highly penal ia any officur maicrtty,sadtsIscreasrcsinstrecjta.JeremiahCsmeat. iaoeed,manyoftaelettbrsirccived hereexpressappre- NortheruStateshadlaeabeenabletorideintopowerby whoactsandgivesthacertiffcatedirectod*»ytbeactof ibraierly senator from thia Sate, and iateiy of ataaph;*. faeaaion that the South may sudor as much from uaaicii denouncing the people and the ,uat,unions or tae South Cnagress as a*'-j«e stated. Th.F iaw of Maaaachusettssate bim. A sovereign State should either protect her citizen or cease to c.-.m their allegiance and toe..- m .- diene.- to hor lairs.sliiuiicttai obligatioaa, or t* emoraie ia me dsmt'.ti.y. oy • prociamaUuo, any otoer State eaae'iag sisaiiar laws.» IY T siris -«rr !tre x-iDi.'- is tan xonra itrrayberaidthatthis tax'a*,ifpsr-ced. wo•!*•betations of slaves have been made b y Northern men, in liorable state af things. c-<-n in those commua.ties Ma.ca Northern ships. And it to a well icnowi fact that the' wcnld be the interest of the manufacturers a-4 im^.-ters of New le-'sev and such other S*at^ sv mfgttt .bare tbe advaitta*-" In •r^-.tUiera trade <n. ac • tbe law, to erpise as much as ret-eibte the frands a,;!-.-"-*tf to ta frartrricd byGlafsaa, Meats, Btaliworth aad ?<ifh will r*-ror •oseae are loudest for .atcessioe. T te weaithiest planters ud people oi' the d>a:taer& Slates, before UM umiuc -as m Aeaabj footorsareae'neibryalivetotheembarrasameataan,tuf hibitedbyCoagj.*s,unporteualargeproporuonoi"th- visionsofthe»••oflife.totoeivtofCongressknownas slavesbroughtfromAirtea,aausola iu»mtothe people tiieFugitive ;i!Tf law,passed ' 1800andwhichwas THE BECBBeMON QfJEfiTION IN UEuRGLA. feriags that oat result from the announcement thatthe of the Southera Slates, aad receivea iaeir raooey for mteauLd u>a c ;.y tnat act. Tuts ast aiso extenils to theoi other State* liKriralcatetl »yaaat It woeff t^ire fereseldom iea<f••rirtittask-*ortheGe=rgamer CLanitoformacorre*::conctes'onastothsaarac-basksao-A-herewillpayforbillsdrawnaga.astcottoc f. them,which,withitsprocoeoe.wasnodoubtinvested;:: tiltheiracceptancemEnglandisheardfrom.Thespir:>.shipping,manufoctariag,,vcThJS"actwasfreshiameindemnify bim against the .as. and auch aeizarc JS diclaredto"henojustcauseolwar Thelawofnation?doessot,insuchrase,onlinetaeinjuredStatetotbeseizureof the public property of tae offending State, bat autho ter of the gooes r-iirchascl by bim. and as tte ruses the seizure of toe property of any individiiai citizen law wooid rejoin- h-m te swear to the best r bts or-icbieet•>!theofftndingriatt-. asbetweenStates,the knowk'tiseandt>«*ifefhewoulds-1likelybewantagin taw,instichca->e.considersaliHiepropertyof every 01-'vgjuiee bit we-ud rcHuire soch,evidroce,ir atxktagsad m these reepeets they have ou'y the beginniof v. human, and the Southera people- as little beuar thaatizeuorsubjectasthepropertyof tneStatetowauabeb e t a s g F , a n d s u b j e c t s i t a l l , o r a n y p a r t o f i t , t o s e i - : a r cfor such in;cry uone by the State aa iustihes reprisal.If an iniureu Male makes reprisal, aad seizes the prooertvof a citizen or rubrest of the odecdint State, and deliverstt to ito eiti/er or subject m sattaTacuon for tne in ary o- trail* and *«t what ci-fl "*. nation fbr that reasonaorrowa, uniem wmelhug ta proiaptly done to allay to - growingexcitementThere is also ti-other class of cms: erata and hig*i minded mea in the South, who, not lees devoted than thademons u human shape, because we oont.aae to a m as property the offspring of the sieves purchased from their fathers. Numbers oi'them advocate theiootriae that our Slaves should be set free amoag us, uitarmarry with our children, amalgamate with as and be piacea In ail respects uponf a aasji sf perfect equality wth our freedone such citizen or sub,set, it is 00 violation of tae riant of private property; hut tne citizen or subject of the of fending Slate, wnose property hisbeen seized, must Icok to his "»n State to compensate him lor the lusew'cuid 00 wTthoiit tnem Fven tae laws agatatt mrrrder, and ail the rtber Teioaies known to oar penal cede, are oiteaeear"l,bitwht>would e=ythat tbeyshouldnot,Tennesseewilltakepaxt2.alantiicrnU»vuntioa,aaouMextremeeisecestioaiatatotbetrsection,yetcauni.whitepopulation.Forteepurpose<*fpromoiiugthisob-gia is deprived of ha siave or other property, by to • un met and uucoattitutional legislation of Taaasach-aect-e. and Massachusetts refuses to make restitution on deaaaat, that • .corgis, may, by tte iaw of rations, ostiy sei-w anchandise of these states uader the* baa of Southern pro-aifled hia regard for Southern righta, the sec at* ion o f t h eTET -fEQpsB^S EK:CTrEMElT SPREADING South, if eaeetual, wiH | be a politic*: death warrant zens It * true, these guilty criminals have suil red the thereto; and m xvortt deposition or affidavit shall be re-any one of her citizeas, wherever to be found. -•-.:;.-,eutfullytoindemnifyheredtiren,andrettin ittill reatimtion .! made by Massachuaetis. or oosoacste and 'ittotheinjuredcitisen'in satisfaction "Orin- damage . notbuytfcemursle-rfhecouldparchaee them twentyAvevSOaMmmnSftram atasteai be hato a ajtaj psaattyc iaw A rasux osvaac -a etttaa of Oesa-gta tattawad hat fogiUvata tte p-rasar eaart a jadg- toattpswaany aadauriati M a moo arrases him wh ie itei hia pvoparty from him by i,"aad"aay Jtvil or military offioer of that State nomas ta hie relief, and -aetata him agaiaat tte sub ta retura wthis State with bis property, auchc**hcar, for this act, ia subjecttobeffaedfromonetotwetaccaaaddoltara,and t o t e impriaoned ta the State priaos fpaclteat'ary) Cram aaa to two yoara.It ia further made the duty of tte Goveraor, by and with tte advice and consent of the Coaa-.::I, to appoint in everylearned in the law, who are to be diligent and faithful m' the defence of any person who Is arrowed or seised, or ta danger of being arrested or seized, aa a fugitive from ser-Astotteby yourby their absurdity.A letter from Mississippi says that itbam* go eut she must follow.PogUmtjimtice which the has soUcltod ia vain.'flsslesMiMHsBlt.IWthUf^steBtfi trais aaajtawiblater tr^saMataajal'lTrssa*^""oarpaefCharleston badtakaapoeaasstoaoftteDaitad States Arsenal ia that city ts not believed. The Secretary of War, up to a late hour this araning, bad received no SQChintelligence. If such was tte can tte Seeretar;• wonklhavebeenadvisedofitatonce. *to give thia Netoalytheplaini&tbatbudf.States they win be is no wise anaetad by black rajmbT.-can ascendancy ia Ceagtesa. Tbe North may rasa aaty produced coaaiderable talk aad no little excitement in livered np on a demand of tte Executive authority of theGameseparatadfromtheooafrataraityofnaoa that snbjees. Thereisa'varygeneraldesiremaalmstailbarethatacme timely mediation a ild be aCarad to Bottle the im-pending tttmenitsea, aad if possible arrest, while there isyet a hope, the political aad Oaaardal itasters whicamnat merttably reenlt from delay. It ts said hare thatia a difficulty between indiTtdnala upon aame trtatag Southern States is likely to react open t t e point of honor, mediators by toe doaen woold aot bi population injuriously. T te flre-ealers havemmaatty a t stake, a n t earn aeeaas wSUtag to taadar hiskmdoatasahithatregard. Theborder stave States, at well as the Northern Union men, whose loyalty to the acnthernaasaagivesthem wmisKaiib'u liliesontothe Bsnth, aad causet their rnimaasi to be reaaaetad, are eriminally remias to regard to this offlse of mediarlon A oemmasinn of fifteea or twenty i.iimeai iilive m en from both aections seat to South Oareilaa and Oawgla at this time wooid eflbct a great deal ef good. If they waeid aotor labor ta oae State, mater t t e taws thereof, eta-awingm tending to stir up stave hi intoanother,shall,taoonaequenceofaaytaworregula- cueandtakefromusourfugitive staves,afteraoad,;.10• ticles orKinds of property as shemaydeem proper.Tte more intelligent mnlattosf, it tiontherein,bediseJaargcdfromsuchaarvtceorlabor,bat cationundertheactsofCongressthat theyareour pro- Thisrightsnebaaexsreiaesfram taeearliest periodoimdnce sa aJtaadoaaaaat of tte seeestionwoold probably laflaeaee those Btataa tountil time would be aOtirded far a aatrsaal or! oonference Meanwh-.le, tte sober aaaoad thooght might sain an ascendancy, aad the evil day be thus indefinitely poatpoaad. By all meaae a nmamtaHna should imme- diately be organinnd.A gentleman jest arrived here, altera tour through the interior of New York aad a portion of New England, says that Botaf speech, which w as aarefolly written oat and prepared by himsel: for tte press, played tte devilpeople* shudder a t t t e possibility of sash a result.WasBtaxjtojr, Nov. 14,1360. Many of the prevaleat reports and coa;eotures conseni lag tte action of the government are natrae aad most ostitutions- obligations. A s ttte may not be considered ao open question, I do net propose to <UacaaB it; bat do sty. that under them provisions of the coaatitatioa, the taith of each State m solemnly pledged to every otter State in tte Union, to 'uxuinsati this power whenever a proper ease may arte, and to deliver op the fugitrven ef either1 nouaced as her treasonable designs••erty, iiid no tax is .mposed coon Hbra-les, hots'-aoid : imiture under the value of gsoo. Ac , kc. I aporctatd, ixicreicrc. that s o one will venture a t this time to toaa 'an her right to diecrimirate as she may deem pro, r in ;he assessment of her'TUB none -ot- aosntx nieca*aixatioa.v.'hetner aha will dtamimuraate between goods manufaoiurea in other States, so as to give oar frtends aa advan- tage over twr enemies, ia a mere question of paticy. F e e .: c that she wonkl do ihis, a a d believing tnat aha has ttu ner powtu- by toe adoption ot tins course, ta a -.-rani raessore, t» drive tiie goods of her enemies oat ot Bar territory . I earnestly recommend tne enactment of sash AWSasw.1.aitximpiisntbaobject Tothissad i woaid •uggest lae .oassagt ot an act to take effaet on tbears".movement, thay! ;When Massachusetts, ia 1312 and 1866, ta paipuj'e v. < lotion o f h e r duty under t b e consutotion, passed acts effectually nullifying tha laws of Congress enacted lor ttteThe teiegraphic report of ilr. Keitt's speech at Oolambutgood reason to be excited now . A dissolution of the Uaton woold effectually destroy this cityfound in item two, or Article four, of the Cbnst'tntkra of the Chited State*, tea clause hi reference to fugitives from justioe is tn these words — 'A person charged in aay State with treaaoa, tetany or crime, who shall leev from justice, and be Sound in another State, shall, oa deapply to ao mnch of th* ast or Congress as relates to r«»xp tives from iastloe: shewing that the State recogntasa her const!tuttonai oaiigatlcn ia the one case, aad rep idia.e It in the other.By these statutes the State of Massachusetts not oniyTte Union sentiment is constantly increasing here. It is believed that the agitation in*3outh Carolina aad otherat secession, that they will arise hi revenge. All gooc refusing to do it, aad thereby prove faithless to its con-j obedience if she attempted to carry out what were de- "antes, Int'cries, ke . higher than she does other ur0-The remark attributed to Representative Kettt, that the President ta pledged to secession, has beea received hemnicality, refuse to do his doty; bat what State, by , dom are more blackened with the deep stain of dis-a tte North. As this gentleman remorse "It inspiredtba lamHI taraHrriagto adespatch ina PhitadeJ- atalaesecirty anddeludedttepeopleintotheideathat withmuchaatoaiahmeat,andhis friendsdo notbeliere lels,havingnor.^ardforplightedlalta, willfor ade- j t?isbecaoseTfedthatthewmagsdoneourUtate require utarea or an.rchaa.iiae parotaeed before that time (sopaper, aad hia moat intimate friends have never hear'•thingstaaoaping a a d going tato MaaaachuaeUa, on staim of ttedefence; and the whole casta of the defence, including toe attorney's fees, are to be paid oat of t t e State Treasury. Tbestatate then declares that ao jail, or otdie place eT^an flnement belonging to, or used ay the Comaaonwealth, or any countv therein, shall be used for tte imprtaaameo. of any oae, who shall bs accused or oonv'xted of aay ode created by any of tte fugitive stave acta passed b y Caa- grass,orwhomaybeaccuseiorconvictedofresisting any process, warrant o r order iasued under either o f saidacta, or ofreacainx, or attempting to.nsone, aay serson, arrested or detained under any of the provisious of either of said acta, or cf any person arsatad under ex ecution for damage for aaaisiuig a rugitire to escaoe from service er labor. Uuder this provtotoa af the statnte, if the leader of a mob resists a United ifWw«tothat baretteor labor may be doe. No cue r may be due.aad ttte otter Southern States tato tte compact and formed tbe the other Northern Statesgnaraaty. oftteenmnitationlb-elf,"debates aad t t e ea»ly eoaatrac pat npon tte constltntlon,of which we haveevi- in t t e tact that n o law waa paaaefl by Congress cmTheonlydifferenceinthelaoruageusedhitbeConst) tution, at applicable to the two classes of fogiUvas ia. that the criminal, or fugitive Cross justice, is to be de-to this city. It is aaaaatag haw eaatly the State from which he Sed, wnite tbe slave, or fugitive from labor, is to be delivered up on ctaim of the partyofthisDbttrtetaxeexcited. However,theyhare towhomsu-diServianisdue.Thetwoclauseswillbe Itisfinallyenacted,thatnopartofthisatatoieshallof tteof rtarn ssea tttawatatanasssssrasaaa, tafrom tte ume te roosivas saoh aottoa, ti^oaasB^Swtaitall value paid ta him, that It stall thaa ta tbe data ** ttm&vsraor of tatt State te dettvw aata qsnautty oftta ss^ms-rty so seised to t t e it jarad citiam of tale state, a s may ta eeuieteat RUry to tadassalfy btat as-atast au'by aimthispolicy.! by « 'wanId and if tbey should te<with andtte spmalltiu ef, have ianredta retarafor eontractad and'•deliver up"_to Georgia her fugitive stavessteaajtajpart(aaeag viceorlabor,withpowertoemployottercounselfortaelect for several years after the taton was termed,vccnciumvely that the uaJtiiatasdiag between tbewas, that Mseaachcsetts a a d the other Northernpledged their faith to Beargta aad tte other» States,net simplythatfederalgovernmentby officer in tha execution of a process tatmed un-produeta of their nwjsartas out o would be deprived of the v u tae Union, on accaoat o f the aabrd them ta oar own maran whichpaysorts'ewttaathe Usmenu of tte Executive authority of tte State from which solUSes the acta of Congress sswsaa tor the protection ofhe fled, be delivered up, to be removed u tha Sute the oonrtitutional rights of the people of Georgia, oat having jurisdiction offtte crime.' Tte clause relating to holds oat every iBdacement in her power 11 bereft.z-as•he. in her screre-gn capacity, m ay decaptopsr. She waathtg, batnowthatthe exbtteaceoftheUoioaisim admonished by tte Union man that theirpre- fugitiveslavesissatallows:—"No/arson baldtoservice toviolatetLero.toresisttheirlegal arocess, aadto res alsohasthe right todiscriminatebetween afftere&tar-legislative aathcrity, has ever yet denied the obliga grace, caused by a wilful vtdatier. of public faith, thaaay of J-JU. a n aext. bat not to operate opon aay tools, that he Is correctly reported. It is we!! known that the ment deny its ccasUtational ob^gatian to deliver op a 1 that 1speak tbe truth without r-sservation Watle' the that our niurcsanta may be forwaroodof ito sUssnai n ae-President baa never male such a pledge in any puj it- slave who is a fugitive from service on claim of the par i trade of Georgia ia worth to Massachusetts, annual!-,. 'ore they Hcur any liaiiitities on accoeuto: ito vitiation,tion:1 And what State! not controlled by abolition conn i thia record of Mar-rasha«etts !f I use strong lan-frag-*,,t (which he ha? as aratdi natcral right to do as a>c*tizen ofiovei State of South Carolina abah sooner secede. T il under abolition rule, have shown taeaaseives u*tterty r» Maaeacbuaetts has to car^v h*s baggage with a*m wtaeu i'ora a n a V» >ssunsio. (I b*S*e-re taasa a r e t a e osaaearesignation baa been accepted, and be has been requestor rardlres ofthe: •coBStltatioaal obligations and their ; he travels tiiroagh tieorg:-' >'be ht-vs of that Stir j taketenia pledges ef aulas faith. ! from him his property, cr.i re-'uro to parmi; tim t •'1'"ng which save a.-at paipaoiy violated Use conatitat.ea byto designate a suitable person as his suc%scor, who sill Maaeacttcsetu oes art only falle-i 10enact laws pr-v I- it --etth bim aber be r-^"*n8 * ois acme •iii U2ii.ai.on sua their action. aitaoe^h toe It^-smaoagiTC the proper bond* for the c";?~J:arge of all the datletrequired by tbe lawa awl regr.ai».!waa oi' the Part osii-r Department. Ia the event of ao iaeb uersnn being fouiie to.uil the oftice it must be dmcontiaued.MESSAGE OF GOVERNOR BROTN T o TH!- l.EOtBl-ATUREOFGEOR<;rA.F-«crr"s Dr-AfcraevT, 1 Mr.i.ftmjKvauit, <Ja , Nov. I. lSfJO iIDS'twe the d>iM ef faettrve slaves to their owe-bat she has, in ti^gTaaa vk»lati»n of every prianpl o*good fnllh, eaaci'M later throwing every obstaste ia * rpower tn tbe wa*- of tme resditioc to their owners by tha cempect, rob tne sub.'Tfs ef th? govarnsnmt e; c'raai ameersofthefc.'era!g-veramealgffagit.reslavesfound :Britain, asthegorernment andcitizentof Ma?~vhn withinherlimits •settadothecltt/casofGeorgia,wouldthegovernt»tBywttatwteof that State, apurored March M !«'U ' of Great B:: tatr sstbait to it for asingle merrtii' Vo shecommands.teiuas-ejannlostioeaofthepeaceno*.10 doubt,insu'benr,sati-'actionwm;"tb«prornvUyd<»-c.uie usr sasjaet of ; attire auiton on e>ar part ) and n i -ootu'.i oc rttjUi/oi u- pay. m aUui'ion to uia aaa on oaner property, a tax ui twenty tiro p *r ecus span the amount (•1 sneO g-"na. wares and mercaa-idisc, so sold by aim2B*effectoltujtlawwcutdsetootacei-saaatetala.-orof ti,emarefacurrdaiucksofsomeovaerNortaern-tatos whose irgisiatioa. tuoi-gh a o t b y a n y aaeaaa free from -ensure isnotaltogetheras*il-Jtsivetocssaihe del: »ery of •••gitif* slnras I"Jtheir masters, amino; refnaal, the e tve»umani of *>reat Britain wauld res-rt to'ao of gor !s msx'-tactured aoroau. and sratch wen^ -it mporU'i ttroogh the (aichiesa ttuea ab.ve naatea. u. rS it bc-«. teat wc select for toe pieseat amy rasaTo THS ^a».'.':x A*ti> Borss <•>? iUrsaaavTuxiv««••-•SiiiOts the adjournment oi jour last seas.on 1 receiveii unter the thuu 'eitioa of that act. to any person wao ShooM the fre-w-n ef Geory*a be deal* I bv ib" leg'sto grant the cer:i2catts required in cases that may t n w immwd.ate renrsali. or a prompt declaration of wa'.repeat tn.. .- (.deceive legis'at. m. :..t statute oan --aetiy aad justly be estead'-d to them Wore aacti a taw or ircrinGeorgia,ourmercOantsinthemarketv.oiudre- ftisx to puieiiasc the g'-oda upun watch they would cava 10 ..ay Uia extra tat. and in iaeir steau would buy suchsjarecotsui.••<•!to lt- ,eachaubi'iers-taiewiierantalaxsmadar13tooaf South Caroiioa. P y whica 11 will be aeen that sae an ion wb 1 claims ar v otnrr person as a fugitive slave with ties m a y a t a n y time require These re<;-:'sit--ir.s, those ita; s see that tbey are Ceprtvad of Um batcadtor capis tbe invitation. It is uuderstool that the Legiata in &er iurt-rd-r*:<-tB Tbis ccrtit!~a*,e, under tbe act of Oorsin, as a snvere'gn State, has ma-te. and may cna the Soutfltri: irade, or that tbey cannot en >y it ow eacailure of A a'jama hisaist aaie prnviiton for hn-tng that (.ongicsa ,u 176C. u> ofEcasary u>coaole the owner t car- tinne to snaky*, on all her citizens io return for the terms with si.,eir neighbors m oUser JSustaern Saaaes.rer.c«s to these resor-fwrv. Cfpi-e of which a"1 h.-'-attb traosKiitted. it will be a c r lua;. taa; valiant ?tai-, :rn natientunderthewroafBthatsae,ianoaim.uiwiictier Southetn sisters, has altered .n the ooaiederaey, andI.-tw siia-re to tbe >=tate er rrrritory from which be fl* t and tt ir by that act ttace th e duty of the iudge or jus- ticetoactSrsu:'.caajTaudtograb*,th^certffkatc upa proper --roof be-r-g made. Sb° aiso enacts that nr sheriff.solemn me-kery>.sc-pirr>- •: r- • ,u-o.v- e1 jfrarBS Aliwritersoatbesubsetofgovernasentagre tn*'the duties aad /oHt-altors of the State or g-rrwrumerrt, andBj - Etut . y. that State, approved March 114, lS-i'J. the ctttri-n or sob•est. are reciarocal. Tbe Stat? has the she commandstie.jdgesaau usticesof taepeacenot ri^ht to re.;aire from eachcitizenprompiooedtcne?to:f>itoia..ecogu\uceoftheact01Congress,passeuia herlawstocommandhisservicsintoe.aido'b'.tt!-1783, fer the dil'-rrrypf fugitive slaves te their masters, aratrst her enemies, "vbenever tn her adgment. it mayaadaottngraa?thc'slrttestes rjiiireC. ia cases that beEecf«raryto herprot'fit!on,orthevmdtcattoaofherI.igisiaiure of ll.SKissippi, in refereaoe to ta* resolution.- amy arise under the tarri sect ior 0: that act, to any per honor an 1 to tax him to any extent which her necessi- above named Sates So soon aa the mana:a_ii.rers inState reprttenteil !a theCoarection; while V"ir-r-n'r.,Ten nessue, Kentucky, Texas, aad probab'y other iJuthttrt: Stat£S, nave o«ct.uea to acoapt ln« invitationinviewofthese facts it :»evident thattheConven- tion, should it meet, will be composed of teiegates fr<m butfewulthesouuero i^tatet. 1tniak butttttiegoonsums paid s s taxes, and the services wuich sect c'tinen tneir interest m i l ixtat-. t o them t o e prop-rety m ry hack his slaveto State or Territory from which renders tbe State, iscludicg obedience to ail her laws,he nnilisg aao 1rearing ttieir of>erativea aad those ua-ierhe lied: and it is by i act made the duty of tae iod^s is entitled to demand and reserve 'VOIR thp atate full ti.etr ceciroi i' unite at tiie o*.;ot box, arith tae iars-aItarthedutyofGeorgia, therefore, wiienever m- X 'tec deepest concern about the threatened disorders; u iz J cocici be expected r> result f.-uao :ts deliberations coiles ,T a'.U iu tn.. «ur,~* of deicatlcr. or iniprlsomaat, in ary her dtiaens. no matter how brtmble is robbe«i of h s pro-eortoo States. T&«»yspeswi butonelanguage,fromth' theSouthernStetesweregenerallyrepresented. Idcaot therefore recommend toe appointment of it-legates t',ailorotherbu-'d'.rg cuBty. eity i. t.i rrn tec, that be is c. ...-..• .tjdongtog totheState,ortoaay perty,orwroBgiullydeprivedofhisliberty.bysayoth**rf. o: any person for the rea State, to demuad prompt and ample redress aa?i ' i* br aad enahi inem to hurt irom pi «c* aad power tor a-KHi-Tte -ievwrnar of Alabama w*?l mbiish bis letter or""iursday. H a proctamation ealltag the State Coowenttcc of th*-=e seetiocs are v. torwoven with the tranqa1ll.tty 0" pemimeni of such a-; *jn*iei-. 1do 1101 wutii to tie under nalty, it ts enacted t: ary iasti.eof tae pease, aherr:, aad. 'fneed l»e. t" exhaust her vairt re^otrrces ap-l her coot*-sis d graced tnt.r f-eapective sitaws.beenviuated07someoftheaon-iiav3hoidingStaicflt> tee actofLocgri?aforementioaed. shall forfeita i^ress.Georrfiavciste*every'.princinleofgoodfaithf>bertttet,ofBoothCarolina.Heaoppose--towaitaagfo*-tionagaieetses-esefwa B-Hwiththelatterthe aaextentwhich;votiu.ustif.them,intaeadgmeai•• sumn<Aexree^iE,$.to,orbosuhj."Ctedtoimprison owncitizenifsr-erefostseithertocompensatehimi.omagainat himself shall ht."tf*-'en a evidence. U.-on every sect, aad producing a genera! revolt of our slaves, a :«>r- lutsttcn ol" fast , ivolvs.i ui the issue, the burden nf proaisubject. It follows, therefore, io esse a citizen oi •-.or be ia a great degree effecuve, and wooid piece the mer-peaaitx of the law upon ta« saadoid out the luetioe of ceived m proof in orbalf of tte cUimant (it might be ia INOMGTKLA. Hundredsof;houaaao«j»ftruemeain Ufiereataoc tlisirpomafamenthasbeeadenied,aadtheircm1have behalfofthenegro; acenopresumptionshallaripela IT-rsaroaa, Nov U , ISM). aiavehaidmg SU'^s willj be aoaetgae*! to mariyrdoas beea canonized by tbe abolition maases m the tavor oftoe c ajnant i'rom aay nroof that the alleged fog'.to the compact. to iose oar trsvteor pay a targe poruos off ourtaxesasthemerchanthavingtopaytwentyfiveper eent u i upon Uanacbuertto or New York foods woold*tae tecasaiaa aattteaaetitisapreadiagaorapidlysatoat.a a-^ieated eta' proprwty at •vr^aaixiag a comsany -4 and the meaMy of toe State-, u a 'haaoratiie aaste Mea a that city. The movement'& saw oa foot, to the South that in these fat tad pursy times eatmmpro£iabtyev aBy.maiareabytaaemrijpart0*Nortnern States:and,even iathepulpit, they are rre- i ieatly referred to as martyrs to the cause 0; liberty.ttveoranyofbisancestors had been actuallyheldJXaslave, without proof that such holding war- legal ! pre-sume this proof could hardly be made to the satis:.;•• but it is the law of nature, and is In strict conformity to other State cot eebject to tte taxw a ao trath .a tarn' reaert ibat toSaveeatwWiac,oahearingafhiaactivemova-the production of slave labor, how differently they wooldmoving, or assisting in removing therefrom, a a y personNor does that nrovaion of tne catetitation of the I aited marque aad reprisal interfere with the rtgnt of s Statetofor the crime of standingj by the eaw5t:!ui;oa, the Caioasustained by him This ts aot only the law of aat waa, per cent cues- r thaa he omtld get the goods Jf •oase the plainest principles of aaturai justice.tfcereare'magsanintonemenwhothicicafwhatIsdueto this noble host m tae republican States, aha uave battled for their cause against faaaiiam aad tawleaanesa This gdon^aabantistiii1urnslastrue,aatheHasutaia:y•flraTB SKiHt TO atrw-Ai JTOT aa-rsiTO rrr THS - ixwn rrrro-fThus far I have rtcoaimeaded toe mildest meara-es, wh*cb,tnmymdgssent,willi-vdreasoarwrongssad cause tbe re-seai of tte offensive and aajast•tetake tatasfaata stay eee. mack Mas* w a a a Ware, Qtma eoner with stagnlar force {rem Mary- and teachings, prompted and encouraged the invasion ofhibited by the constltatioa. bat it sontains no iaaibttica armmat the ormer*.— __..every owner of a fugitive stave who enters the limits of .^taajrhattytaiaicharacter Tte state- land. That, pLimt State views with tesp sympathv Vwgwia. While the ateltttonlsta deny oar eight to hold MassaohosettE to claim bis propertytbe citizen of each {roe State m this Umoa which epen its statute book aay act or sett of t t e 1 andintendedtoaccomplishtteobject,offaajt**f-*«'e "»fm •*•NewOrtaenaDdm•<teei*lh*******•*ofofherststart%tea. Ttevictoryoverrepih tteslaveswepii1listsattfromthen, they doaotpermit any one to question their right to their property purTteseat sectionofshestatute,iaadditiontothispe salty, gives the negro tte right of action fbr damages t ttepersoa1who thus entered tte Coeitaaawaallb"Georgiatea it, toerefore, in her power to compel Mas ' setts .egiaia'-oE to which! have laweted jrorar 1 tachusetts, or nay otter Northern State,to do jostiae to J and that the citizeas c; Maawachuaetm, aad at 1kwestataawasttere waa oa the prtacipies ef Premium chased with the money we paid Item for staves. They'sudsamiairaiion,wtewholepolicy,domesticctaimtherighttoboldtteirpropertythusacquired,butfortteparposeef atetharrfjnm.Afterbarcttisens,aadtsthiswaytoforcehertorepealherButeinthisUnion,gailtyoflikebadfaithtathe*Bsea"ef a stave taughtmd sstob t°^ am^^r^LTmaaaT7spectively belong shall have repealed their WSa25-«S^Uld e w V* ttoEii aad ebcoziens ie-rktatka sad rstornto tay*1 there witfb a view to stir w.'*The matter ia to teatttatly tajtalf. talrsjaf B A-nrjarACo.af SawOantliorlaUBg t t e Govaraor cf this State, la case aay eitiscnof torn 3tata shall tafstarc Ue deprived ef h a slaves to the protection of tte taws af this •>bte» 1ef t t e dmoevery of ef a Mr.Thay etatan the right to earrv tte property which they from uafVelavee into tte **erritor.aa, bat denv tto carry tte staves they gave uafor it into theThis is not the spirit of t t e Northern patriota of IT06. withwhomearforefMhersunited intheDeclarationof Indeaaadeace, aw of Items of 1T8T, with warn they en tered into the ooaasaet o f t h e oonstttetiea. They were bfare, aobie, geaaroas, s.-en, -ate reqatred jatatoefrom alt mea, cast were ready, ta* return, to handedjusticetoall.AtthattL-aeGeorgiaendof setae-KMi ahawe tearedta iminssi allas though the slavery, or to suffer tte prmalllss das to bar violation of laws uf tms State, catil tte Btataa to which tbey re-II Mand fkeatfB.waa rlgorouaiy c*aavssasd aadaad tte result was a ateaai aytesery over tte comdeny oar right ta hold tte siavee they sold oa forit. providing for tte eaisys aad prescribing the obaoxions aad atensivs iegistattan sa the subject ot ol Georgia, be daetared without tte psssastsstt of tteor justice to aet in v ipnnoi«wrproofb sserlff, Jamity shfcase, and to grant the certificate aia.de. ?beruse enacts thatn< Ccrnter, eonalabto or ullor, or onwcailh.shallarrstordetan.and ample protection of h is 11 *s. bts !!bertv, his lam i - hlsreputationandhispropertyofevery cescripticociars ef ,. • aotdli 2. coasersative, oonstttatloaa. :. n in theirrtspeci ei-Miea.who ua..-everboaarca'yudo as ;jetice, anu 45 ue. in good iaitb, oy ali their catua*. tu- iionalohiigtt.cLS Theai-cumuiaionofsSreagicwnt*m tnt' ccaatii^tionx a en ,1- thoat s<ates woaii in itt.t way gam,ittsbe!uevel,wonidplacetU-..-mmtheaca^rtty,•tbsrclleerofthedeputy sheriff, ct juaJ oiler,d aga: •aw.by inu*• wcr, ccastahlc cr itiior, wao the provtslons of thus actor. 'rectiyor indirectly,greatenergiesmadeterminedefforttoredressthewrong. If, thereiore. tue State of Massachusetts, la opan v.ola tionofherconstitutionaloblig-itioesto(leor?la,plnadarsShould our citizens uv.-ade their territory, ani barn tics of anabolition ary, who deny that ?arery is in anydown their factories, built with money or the proceeds of oase legal. A fine of not less thaa one-nor more than aremoneypaidthem by Virginia,GeorgiaandCarolina thoucanddollars,andiaprisonmentnot.assthanoneplanters for slaves, and batcher their citizens who hold , nor more than live years, is imposed 00 any oae v aoproper!• acquired by the sale of Blares, or by the use of shall come into the Commonwealth, with intention of re- State, which declare, that ao State stall -front letters of ; above referred to.redressherownwrongsori**^*aest is crganixiaaT Minaae .Mea, bia*Lag that h e (Wise) aroves. If the South will oaiy lie patient the republican should slay the Northern citizen w h o holds h is fortune- Uader Use roles of evtdecce laid down b y the statute, asainst a sister State of tbe T uion, oy reprtsai. where she Stanjd the cnactmeri herein scgg-eeted.beef Tirginia, bat that saotter bad ears of tte p•. '^ic iatoreats •^taaarata.eaeajssjpflisenrriseataaaawhowaakttaction will break p over the spoils, and the Sooth wdi slaves, would be ao more guilty than those were who m citi/en of Georgia, oaten a Maevach'tsetts jury, would again ted its fricada x places of power and inaoeae*. vaded a stave State, aad stangfatered her citizens baeauee aver be likely to be able to esmblish hia claim ta hisTteargumentinfavWoffisdttmgwiihtatte theyhadslaves,am*wouldhismoralguiltbegreater stave,and,therefore,ttepenaltyimiwsedbyusestatute thaathatafttepoliticalleaders,who,bytheirdoctrines istobe,anddoubtlesswasintendedtobe,infiicteduponclear distinction betweenreTW-*salamade by a sovereign ihen recommend, as aa ailrtlltnoai remedy, that tte j State and letters of mar ue and renrtsai granted by a cede sod ether laws of this State watch •everctaaBtattatoaamdmdaalortntUvidasJs,asttsoriz'"ibeitissandpropertyofthec.tiaanssf1 lawItemtoredresst&eirfowawrongs.ThelatterIspre'whileta\ajiStateberepssuedsotaraaIviewto*questionofcriminality Butt'heinvaderwhoacquiredbytheproceeds of slave la»orandthe saleof withthe delays altowwain the1abase corpuscourt,no tasao olheTremsdy Thetawofnations recognises a soflictcrt to tte aocc^ptahmeti oftte object.11mthepeacethereofaotheldteserviceorlabor,kz.Untitled Documentmac • v•rotter property, aider t t e orersataa of tte ssjpsssteaashestellb* rfficiafty tsstewssi by ttateisrasr efbis right that anyI'smyeltv,commend h e r iwerefssstativetremove frcm her sssmtchaon svery ssaia sf inequality by wfatahdissowtaratabed.Letsameatsajosaisggrasaion sad unconstitutiosa! state IsajaMajagsj with htaretalia-twaSuppose a straiter treat* or com:»act existed be- ,een 01 coma other1 is by no mean* juatinaiMe, aaa may ta-France and Great* Britain, and tae gov«raro»-t and subjects of France ahotiiJ, in open violation of tneher own treasury., or to rompc' Mas-'aebusettt to compen lettiSlatit'ii and has returned to I-I«*ooservaaoe ot tat canchusettstocompecaateen -JOBolGeorgiawhohavebeen wouiuoftenbeiajteedandpn**--nthemarki-t ssg^ds robbed r.f their prfperty by llaseacnusetts legiaiation made tn New iersey Thtt tmola dcuat'ess h** so m The law ofnationsfurnishesa ready reply Tte someeasi-s asamanufacturerwit•»tw,!!vte"Talaw mast distinguished writers on that subject lay downthe t fasten >•?0*1 bis i-Swte the ftt*«im*e of a vtotat'-m r*r herduty ot such 3 ate to make good the lass of its citisenor to evtl oaers So woold a ur-v of the eteraetar propassdi tamount of property belonging io *,b>* common*-tan* or It would orrapei them, as t*mg ss tney -"essoin faMatassby prosspt iegisuation. t^vsnee o f their ccotaittttkmal pledgas l athis revere thengh ;ust measure of retaJtaidott, v e 1 actor'yoathedefensive ItwooldtteroJkeebe1 sar-> to make it tte dnty of t t e eoverasr of this I susp'ni-, by proctatnation, tte 1mesMtad, aad to restore tbe emeus of1during toe yiar for whicn ta is giving m h a tasas, seenthe vender uf a n y goods, wares or Eisectiaadiae ef aayn or brought tote thaa (Bute from Itasiii Ims mi Var- ment. Mtexnean. Mama. HaoOe ialaad, Mssassssstaas. -*wwpiighteii'ai'.h.-aooiubefttlt"ofanyotter ajtc.sad uiith' but u wo'.:.-! col be rrtattre 'or the minafi'urers i n t h o F * * S t a t r s t o m a k e t h e f r a t i i a g e n e r a . ' o n e , s s i thispurc'.a«ef as wdd tat**'-tismltd thatthe goads p u r c h a s e ! : w e r e n o t r a b j e c t t e t b e t a x T t e : f a c t t b a * . t t e lew math1sr-ntettmes be evaded m no sofflcleat reason wbv *t should sot be enacted. Bow often are the revenue aws of th* in.ted ,-inro aad etis*T governments viotatedoi that ao at Have been enacted Ttav are often exe-otfore tti'y could mtrodoaevindicate eer boaor and prtntsh their perffdy.woe LIh rssat. OPS TO S SXI*BAIXX> ••:•.>-x i u * cnizsaHi o» »f-"**^m; T-JS sua'among u s . Thia Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 