 .Ill lJBO»-*-are *1»,619, subject to aa overdraft of til ,663. IVEW YORKHERALD. Thedisbursementswere1169,751,leavingabalance• m ii, .!••• i.» ... n iI i i*1'!""' t at BngOth mind, we fear that the British Uon willJ A M S * GOHDOBJ • • • • • * • .Accordag to the advices received by the hi* tail it the presence of the Gallic Cock. „ . —wamva0 7 KAStUC A-HD•^1—n"%r^^«''«^aww».Htk^WMMir"rHr ZU/A r MMJLsJO>j»o emu war mm, VI mr mmm.resignation ofseveral patrolmea. and diamiised from armed intervention is Syria has been final- the force officer Francis nacklin, ofthe Fourteenth ly agreed to and algsed by tife Euro-Tntoorri im MutTULKD—HOT WORK AMOHO THK DKMOCBACT.—The Breckinridge (official)Bff.ll V.W.pean governments. Tbe force is to con-KIB'^'K 8 A M M ,Bvotdway.-KjSBBTausf B W UCharleston under Mr. Yancey, revolting against great triumph of Mosart, bos bos* principally broagat democracy in November,do what theymay. ber governing fire-eaters? So it appears. aboutbythe discreet action of the Mosart delegation,i * * P * « P » ••» »WM^a|•WWWW^M"market cocataueatly dull and heavy at lower rates, varying from 6c. a ftje. Mich eowa were on' changed. Veals were in demand at 3}c. a6jc. Sheep and lambs continued plenty but active atbe furnished by Prance and the rest to be supplied by another Fewer when required.made within t h e past few days have chiefly embraced p t M w r M M m w /w**»*sf grades below middling. These qualities hartog been most abundant and most depressed, bote In LiverpoolThathasbossagloomy day torseen, however, that in Its limitation as to time, ticket, between which Bell and Everett will SoiTHKEv BjupnoN^-Tney hare had some little gation h a s bees virtually repudiated by tbe State faaHia^u) r*aiii.THjBU.u>,M4ft*tfe a*** M aVWarsav Hsad here, have been the first to feel the buoyancy imparted to the market by the SrtVtsen from she Sooth andfrom England. The sales embraced about 1100 bales,doting stiff on tbe basis given in another column. Thereceipts at the ports steoa the 1st of September but awingthehostilesects;nor is it foramoment barereached4tel,030bale*,against3,808^00in1849and supposedthatdifficultieswillnotarisewith 3 008,000 in 1SSS. The exports In the same time bavereached 57*2.000 bales, against 2,960,000 la 1859 theSultan,orratherwithhisCabinet,astotbe and 2,556 COO In IBM. The stock on hand embraced manner and form in which the intervention is 17*000 halm, against 116.000 In 18*9 and 113,010 in to be carried out. All the precautions possible 18*8 In cooseqneBce o f t h e foreign new* there was aaimproved demand for floor, which was freely met, and the sales reached about 20,000 barrels, mostly at rail•• • . • • • » . » « • , . , . . . • . • . * . • » • •A»rs£MEirrs IHMKVixora.iWIKTltB OABOgjr, Broadway t t » n m Miiana.M A B A I A O S — V l -have, to be sure, been taken against any one of the high contracting Powers taking advantageThere are thousands of Virginia Douglas menwho, if they cannot have a clean ticket of their"And if this thing is done in the green tree what will not be done in the dry?" Indeed, itwhich has been well managed b y Ben. Weed. Tammany suffered severely, as much from the insignificant oha racier of ber delegation—which does not present a stagieV i L U C I l f R I A T U Broadway ~Jn»a Uom-Cm prices, and common shipping.grades were rather firmer. of any misunderstanding of this sort Aown, will vote the Bell and Everett ticketagainst thefire-eaters,or stay at home, and let would seem that this late Kentucky election came of respecUbie ability—as from the indiscreet ac->H>on tat Oowisr-lAxxiT rm BAaoa-Mueaisvotw O H o*> t a nWheat was active and better for most qualities; the sales, clause has been Inserted in the con-speaks the sentiment of the whole South, and it tion of Clancy aad Kennedy, wbo threwA is. i. LAUBAinciodisg some parcels sold tbe previous afternoon, vention declaring the intention of the B*STHIATB*.T»o.BMB»adway.--OSB reached about 130,000 bushels. Cornmeal was firm, signataireq not to seek for exclusive with sales of about 75.000 bushels. A t the close the mar influence or privileges, and no doubt such areBell run through by default Such a result asthe defeat of the democracy in Vir- wouldnotbesurprising,fromallthesignsofthethemselves back upon tne old dignity of Sa-BOWKBT THKATBK. Bowery.-Koc U U B - kft was tame and less active, on account of higherfor that State has never yet, on any occasion, orchanged for prime. Sales of mess were made at 91912% enter into this arrangement It must be ob-Biamnrs AMKRICAW •tmcrx. Bwedway.-Day a $19 2*, and of new prime at S14. Sugars were vious to every reflecting mind, however, thatrising against the disunionists of their section. from the sweeping tornado of 1840, bnt she Let the practical business men of the North,aad ETroirt-aTHKmAJi Hone*. Dtacas, Bgaismuxj, -Lir- U> CgwotitiM. Ac. _ _ _ _BBTAJR*MIS8TRKLS.MeeAaniea'Hali,OTBroadway.- BfftuaMuae, aaaa*. Dasom, * c - f l « ' V A T , B a n .steady,withsales ofabout 900hhds. Cuba and Porto Rico,aa<'600 hhds.molado,atratesgiveninanotherco- lumn. Oorfee was firm. A sale o f 6C0 bags St. I«omingo were made at p. t. Freights were active for Liverpool and higher. The engagements included some 76,000whohaveasolidinterestin the country,emu-HOOLBT A CAMPBELL'S OPBRA H0VSK, BIS Broadwnj -Kvwqrta*BOM*. HWIMW. D**CA»,Aa—SJCBEB- buaheliwheat,mbalkandship'sbags,at10%d.,andaknocked down. But last year Goggin, opposition candidate for Governor, cut down the demo-disunionrepublicanpartyintopiecesonthede-I I Be*. a o i i r 10Xd. aUd. for the latter,withst 3a. ToLon- STATIOIfAL TABnrrfBB. Cfcftthaan •IrccA-OHOSt i* don wheat was engaged in ship's bag3 a l l i e d . , andthe Convention, France, which has already despatched troops to the spot, is to have the field to herself, so long as the six thousand men who are to constitute her proportion of the stipulated force are sufficient to overawe the fanatics to whom these atrocities are due. It may be safely concluded that France will n o t acknowledge the necessity for a further rein*B n n on BnB»B»—Bos* Lei—s fvaao J n .PALAMB OABDBV. Foartesntk street-SACBIO AMD M«iU4iMW Omtwt._ ^ _ _ ^IDBTOOMCSSTHALL,6BBroadway.-*»os.Cour at 3a. 6dSeward's Speech a n d Its Meanings—The Plain Duty of til* Northern Conserva- tives.The speech of Senator Seward at Boston, whichwepublishedyesterday, isanimportantshowing that this Southern reaction had been commencedsometimebeforethelateCharlestonConvention.|t isconfidently stated thatthe Mtttnrtdelegatesarelew Ywrfc,3=$:16, IBM.European and Asiatic intelligence, which Is given elsewhere. The moat important points of the po- litical news received are that 1,500 of Garibaldi's men had landed in Calabria, the southern part of thekingdomofNaples;thatonethousandvolun-man by birth and education, and that if elected Christians in other parts of the empire; Whilst servative one. But now the case Is changed. vention to the briefest possible period. Thenominations ia so desperate a cause a s the Regency no w tower to point out the right path, to mark the presents. The nominations west b y default. Kelly evil doers and to arrestthe hand of theplunder- accepts his nom nation, but it is believed Allenmuch alarm, owing to the near approach of therebels;tradewassuspended,andthebanksclosed.In Melbourne t h e commercial depression still pre-drivenhimfrompower,inordertolearn"what It is notthat they have anyactualfearsof became a citizen of the United States/' aggressive intention of invasion on his partfeeted in these results shows the secessionists that theyaxeweakerthantheyanticipated, even in theextreme party managers who bave now taken Mr. Mor- Southern States.ganinhand. Both theWeed factionandthe TBI DtTARTUKS Of THKBtOOKLT*.Greeley faction are trying to cheat each other, By private advices frota Norfolk it is ascertained thatMessrs. John Cochrane and Smith Ely, and a few Tam- manymen.bavebeenfavorabletoconciliation fromthe firstMuchexcitementwascausedthismorning byaa acci- dent at tbe Globe Hotel. About ten o'clock, a portionof tbebuilding,comprisingaspaceofaboutthirtyfeet,isthe rear part of the main passage of the betel, running alongSaliaastreet,fellwith aloudcrash,carryingaway so mueh of that portion of tbe bcilding to the ground.edto130,000ounces. TheEnglishmoneymarket waa depressed and the stock market dull and heavy. The cottonmarketwasfirmon theeveningofthe 7th, and the weather more favorable for the grow- ing crops o f breadstufts.ThesteamshipPhiladelphia,fromHavana8thInst., arrived here on Tuesday evening. The nouncement pregnant with all the odious local news is of very little importance. The Cuban and destructive theories that have ever beenMetsenger, of the Sth says:—"We have received proclaimedbySeward, Helper, Greeley,Phil- letters from Key West, dated the 6th, informing u s lips, Garrison and their coadjutors and follow-and to humbug Morgan into the bargain. The Chevalier Webb, who is very leaky of political secrets, lets out enough to show thatthere is athattherehasbeen a schooner wreckedonthe Bahamas, with 365 Africans on board. Tie captain and mate have been arrested and taken to Nassau, N. P. It is supposed to be the Peter,Mowelll Captain Rich, from Baltimore."' This i s no doubt the same vessel of whose captnre we gave an ac-count i n the UBBALB o f the 3 d inst.ersintheMassachusettsschool.Itmeansrevo- lution of the most thorough kind, the interpre- tation'of the constitution as an abolition instru- ment, the reorganization of the federal Courts underabolitionJudges, the issuance of writs of habeas corpus for every slave, the guardingthiskind,thathemaytakeadvantageofit.The companiestbeCommissiontorepresent hisfather'sinte- last bankrupt bill was in 1840, which he ex- rest and to guide tbe parties. This young gentleman dis- pectedwouldwhitewashhimfromtoptotoe; coveredsometimeagoahithertounknownpassthrough and last year he was again greviouslydisap- the Cordilleras,cutting his way through the mountainsbeendestroyed. Theescapeoftbeinmatesiswonderful. The workmen bad notice of tbe fall by tbe cracking of tbewalls,andtheyallescaped.I-orenzo Burrowsoccupied one of tbe roomsdestroy- ed, and, arriving late last night, had not long left the apartment at the time of tbe accident.The safety of all other portions of the hotel is not is the slightest degree aSootod by the fail, aad tbe business of the hotel iscarriedonjust thesame asif tbe accident had net occurred. The loss, including the furniture, Ac., is estimated at $18,000. There were six parlors, elegant- ly furnished, with sleeping rooms adjoining, besides a large number of single rooms, in the part of the building whichfell.market men to recognise the municipal ownership,notwhhrtandmgnaetactthattheState leasees, Taylor and Brenaaa, have protectedtheir greedy clutch at power.Thedutyofthehonestconservatives intbe Northern States is, therefore, plain before them.after exercise against him in the diplomatic objects. Of course they want a very different officeholders wbo are considered unsound.The brig Achorn, having been aaiaed by the The danger is imminent, and they must unite United States steamer Mystic, en He coast of Afri- upon a single electoral ticket in every State,councila of Europe. With the same prompt kindof man fromMorgan—a man after theirTM* Som»*||ro l.aauo lalaad Trouble.. BOSTON, August 15,1SS0.ca on suspicion of being engaged hi the sieveby a show of benevolence to royalty under athey are ten times' more exercised about theThe Brig Wm. Mason, from St. Martins via tbe Som-cannot be expected to know much; whose only demonstratedability isto maul railsandsell whiskey,and,therefore,willrequiresomebodyof the Conference by the despatch of troops to Syria, felt indifferent as to a condition the ful- filmentofwhichcouldonlybedeterminedbyINTRIGUES OF THK BLACK REPCBLICAA MANA- GERS.—Tbe nomination for Governor of this Stateisthesubject ofkeen intriguejustnow among the black republican leaders. It hasI... I- JMM ypgg HgRALD, TPUBSDAr, AU017S11 Z l ~\, Una****:*"**<*«**nc**tA' i. <%! ' '"• e v r s M o m atanrame lmfrr<miU& St)* Orcat Power* in Syria.of f11.214 in the hands of the reBimandiiBiiThePoliceCommissioner*yesterdayreceivedthe Persia and Parana the Convention for anT H EOUB SPECIAL DISPATCH 8TBAOTSK,forthefuturehavetolowerbismaneandsink Iforcey hasbeen bough* «* *M for' to*E?extent, in advasoe. He ** working out debt to the republican party. See the re-''oftieCovode Committee. He, Forney, is more a democrat, Douglas man or otherwise, democracy of Virginia held a State Convention than John Hickman. The only difference is, to-dayatCharlctteeville,andtbeDoug]asdemo theHickmanhasconfessedhisadhesiontothe oracy meet in convention at Staunton, in the next republican cause, while Forney prefers the county—the object of both being a Presidential part of a spy in the democratic camp. Hick- The occupation it to be a limited one, Oat electoral ticket The Breckinridge faction are man is entitled to some respectforbis honesty, railprices.Swineweresteady.Thetotalsalesperiodfixedforitsdurationbeingsixmonthsveryanxiousforafusion;buttbeDouglasfac-whileForneyshouldbedespisedonallsidesprecinct, for conduct unbecoming aa officer.Beefcattlewereinenormoussupply,and the sist of twelve thousand men,onehalftoIt is to be conducted In unison with the views tion appear to be resolved uponfightingout head cattle, 142 cows, 626 veals, 13,846 sheep and of the Porte, credit being given that govern- their .fight with thefire-eaters,hip and thigh. Thefor his impudent knavery.ISrnwafo NEWS FROST ALABAMA—TaxHKNnoiraat all the yards, including Bergen Hill, are 5,119lambs,and4,046swine.IB* cotton market was firm yesterday The seisementforadesiretoputastoptotbepersecu- probabilitiesarethattherewillbeaBreckin- tionofitsChristiansubjeots. Itwillbereadily ridgeelectoralticket anda Douglaselectoralby aae pot eyes of ah sisartBl at lavemarkTbe CMAJ •fat Organ) aaesceuf tl ^Steood df » t o n , o f HfblrddtM year, of SclFourth di payor,of 1Fifthdiet «f Jrffersea Sixth sMOMamago. SeventhefYates. EighthThe Chair amtestedS f. • Pq*bad. C W Mftoc W a Mr, acdTbiOnmntio teat * rectaTbe portf £ pa-winl A K. landTbeComi tee saornin Yorkcase» behalf of T asMsmfiBB mats, aad state theDr. Baac addressedooeacLtid to res ulant amountoff tionsibut Orate too* flgrbrCon* Batesstore •ad the galTheSeenastbetoonGOT. Bey with leadThe Com toreport length raw veation piausesuasan addressspeak tognat de fervent calledo* business to apeak they were that he affaireIt tothatparty of UM tionthan Union at present they bad forthe metwith would ass witheatii tnocracyto triu taemael tha State solved to volveCinp<-cottar Southern arived legffla tothci other couldtbedoc governmen for corrupt ritvef a'drrlandmarkInthe contest nowbefore us. and,thoughbiswordswerebrief,theyarefullof forcementtohavearisenuntilsheisherselfsmoke smells very strong of Bell and Everett^vertbecity,aad theopeningofaregularauctionmartThe News.The Douglas Democratic State Convention met a t evil omen to the highest and dearest interests prepared to take the consequences of the in-Syracuse yesterday, and made the following nomi- of this whole land,nationsGovernor WiiliainKelly, of Dutches*.Lieutenant Governor.... William W. Allen, of Oswego.Caaai Commissioner William W. Wright. of Oataitio.StalePrtsosImtpeotor.. WilliamC.Rhodes,ofChemung. Scottwasbroughtforwardin1852Mr.Seward government andthe Turkish population atdoubt it now ?But this ground-swsll against the Southernare supposed to be governed, that the onlyNo electoral ticket was submitted, the committee baring adjourned until this morning. Both seta of delegatesfrostthiscitywereadmitted,withpower tocast©a*voteeach. Tammanypretestedandrefused to vote, but remained in the Comventian.BythearrivalofthePersiaatthisportyester-whioh her diplomacy has so long aimed.Thecircumstances underwhichthisarrange-man, who could not be governed by radicalrevolutionists. In1856hispartinthecam- vernmentsonthishead. Russiaendeavored,asmocracy. To go no further here into Southern his government, too, would hare been a con- England insisted on the limitation of the inter- probabilities, is not this enough to rouse up theA significance is added to them by the pastconduct of Mr. Seward towards other Presi-dential candidates of his party. When General solidate that ascendancy over the Turkishefficient government we have, after all, Is to be fire-eating democracy stops not here. The found in the combined independent press. If Douglas faction of Maryland hold a State Con- it Were not for the newspapers what a glorious vention in Baltimore to-day; and as Maryland time our thieving corporate officials would votedforFillmore,againsttbeuniteddemocra- have revelling in the richness of the public cy,shewill,ofcourse,voteforBellagainstthe treasury,anddividingtheplunderbetweenrefused to support him, and went through the campaigninsilence, because he knewthathe was In every way a national and conservativementhasbeenagreedtoexhibitasplainlyaspossiblethefearsentertainedbytheothergo- divideddemocracy.ThusVirginia,Maryland, themastheychoose.paign was also an Inactive one, because heAlthough bis party rejected him as its Presi-one stipulation was overruled because of the additionalcomplicationstowhichitwascer-thecountryTAndisnottheBellandEverettteer*hadleftTurinforSicily.and that twoNea- dentialcandidate,ithasbroughtforwardapolitanregimentshadmutinied;thatGaribaldihad manwhoconfessedlycouldneitherreadnor taintolead;andtheotherwasassentedtoonlyentered Messina amid great enthusiasm, and that write till he was twenty-one, and consequently because France, having anticipated the actionfringement of the stipulation which limits her contingent to the number of men specified. In the meanwhile, she will have time to con-Tammany leaden, such as Clancy, Kennedy sad 0*Keofe openly declare Kejly will cot get tec thousand votes la the city.The Bell committee have taken possession of Dean's parlor in the Syracuse House, aad the Cagger electoral committee are meeting in an adjoining room. Stryker, Who was last year knocked from the platformoftheConveatioabyoneofhitsoftfriends,is quite reentered from lameness, and acts as BBBBBp car- rierbetweentbetworooms. Hunt,ormoreiwobably LorenzoBarrows,willbeputontheelectoralticketasday, and the Oalway steamer Parana at St. Johns,«. K.,weareinpossessionoflateandinteresting knewthatColonelFremontwasaSouthern missiontointerfereonbehalfoftheGreek regularsmashupoftheSouthernfire-eatingde- pearstobethewatchmanstandinguponthe TbeConventionransmoothlyto-day,fornoonewantedthe four thousand Neapolitans who guard t h e cita-delwould notfireupon the city unless attacked.Themassacres of theChristiansatDamascushadceased; the Kurds and Bedouins had retired into the to manage the government for him. HereIs events.interiorofthecountry,buttheChristiansstill thekeytoMr.Seward'saltereddeportmentto- Theinsertion,therefore,ofthisclauseinthebeensaidthattheGreeleypartyandtheWeed Hmuu>.TheprospectofhiswithdrawaloccasionsconSyria, of limited duration, h a d been determined on wards the candidate of his party. He strikes Convention, as well as the language of Lord the present Governor; that the delegates alsoprobably fatal to Lincoln. The leading New York politi-cians mentioned above approve tbe conduct of Mr. Breck-inridgeaahighlymagnanimous,andurgehiswithdrawal. dispositionwillbemadeoftbecontestbetweentbeTam-in now to secure the substance if not the Stratford de Redcliffe in Parliament prove that, pointofembarkationwouldleavewithout waiting honorsofpower,andhiswordsindicateclearly notwithstandingthereiteratedfriendlyassu- forthecontingentsoftheotherPowers,unlessin- thespiritinwhichhedesignstoadministerit. rancesoftheFrenchEmperor,thedistrustand formation should be received rendering then- de- He tells us that he has "studied in the school jealousy in regard tohim, which found expres-fromthiscityareinhisfavor, andthatthereis very little doubt of his success.Letnobodybetoosureofthis. ThesameTbe crowd is la/rely increased.Much interest is manifested this morning to learn whatby thegreat Powers,andthe Frenchtroopson thewas said and believed about the nomination of Quincy, whom he visited when the people had tinue undiminished among British statesmen. was cheated out of the nomination by the samewas renewed, but the tone of the Tammany delegates bat parture unnecessary. A t Shanghae there w a s of Massachusetts," at the feet of the sage of sion in Lord Palmerston's recent speech, con- William H. Seward for President, and yet he acti republicans. The powerful Union sentiment mani somewhat moderated.vailed, thecrops were promising, and the ship-ments of gold since the last mail steamer amount and that he now supports Lincoln for Presi- We do not believe that amongst anydentbecause his"claim tothat seatis that he confesses the obligation of that higher law,andavows himself,forweal orforwoe, for life or for death, a soldier on the side of freedom in the irrepressible conflict betweenclassofEnglishpoliticianssuchapprehensionshave been for a moment entertained. Whattheydreadisnothisaugmentationsofthemili-atnoononMondaytbesteamsbmp-or-warBrooklynleft Hampton Roads, bearing the Commission directed by Con gresstosurveytbeharborsand newrailroadroutecon- tractedfor by the Secretary of tbe Navy with AmbroseWeareinreceipt of later dates from Mexico, oftheseCourtsintheSouthernStatesbyarmed terial advantageofFrance. Tbeoccupation Everything remained in about the same condition. bands of negroes, and the thorough and com- of Rome led to the humiliation of Austria andmenin business from the obligation to pay from the ablest men of the army and the navy-their debts. Hence his hostility to Mr. Morgan, men whose ability and integrity should be a warrant for and hewilldefeat himif hecan. Indeed, tbefaithfulnessofthereportstobemadetoCongressat there is good reason to believe that both the their next session. The chiefs and assistants numberplete denial, to fifteen States of this Union of the ascendancy of French influence in Italy; therightofself government theCrimeanwarcontrasted themilitaryweak- An administration of the federal powers in ness and the internal vices ofthe administrative system of England with the perfect or-offered,hasbeenliberated unconditionally,in thehopethatsuchgenerositymightinduceMhramon astrousagitationandcontestbetweentheNorth- ganization andimmensemilitaryresourcesabout twenty, while the whole force, including axe and machette men, assembled on theground will number about one hundred. The work is to be accompli -bed inThe liberals were still gathering in the valley roundthe capital,BadMiramon'sforce had considerablydecreased b y desertion. Bishop Espinoss, forwhose ransom it w a s said $30,000 had beenWeedandGreeleycliquesaredeceivinghim,so that they may slip in some friend of their owntoreleaseUrega. Sofarfthasnothadthede-The yacht squadron waa a t New Bedford yester dsy. T h e squadron will separate this morning, one ofthe yachts going toEdgartown ona fishingern and Southern States of the Union. The South will be forced to act in self-defence, and every tie between u3 will be gradually severed until we are precipitated into a civil war, for which,in bitternessandbloodshed,noparallel will be found in history. In the face of such a future, the South is noblyof France; th e campaign against Austriasecured for her Nice and Savoy, whilst it wonfor her chief the prestige as an able general,which be had so long coveted; the promptnesswithwhichbehasprofitedbythe disturbancesin Syria marks the same wonderful presciencewith which he has hitherto anticipated theother instrument in view, whom they hope to asetogood purpose:andwhile theybothtalk Morgan, they secretly mean somebody else.Thisappearstobetbemore likelyfromthe top that Webb throws out to Greeley—the nomination for Congress from Westchester end Rockland. Mr. Greeley may possiblychief portion of that commerce to the United States. CHASMS OS THE RiCHMOXD KXQl IRE:.Messrs. Ritchie and Dnnnavant will soon retire from tbe Richmond Enquirrr leaving Messrs. Tyler and Wise sole proprietors. Thi* is caused b y no difference of opinion on politics, but it merely the result of a legiti-mate purchase by the two latter. SCATS Or MMi. HOLT.numbers and character.Both sets of delegates from New York were present. The galleries are well filled, but not crowded.At the hour of twelve o'clock PSRSCAVGSX, oa thepart of tbe State Central Committee, called the Oooven tie* to order, aad nominated Hon. Daniel Pratt, of Goes- dsga, for temporary Chairman. Carried amidst loud ap- plause.Cosxtxirs AKMSTBOXG. of Albany, and Han. PATIOS SMITH, of Putnam, conducted tbe temporary Chairman tothe piatforflYOn taking the chair Judge I'llAH spoke as follows:—Gentlemen of the Convention—I feel deeply senaiWe of the honor conferred o n m e , in being called to preside during the preliminary deliberations of the CnaretUoa, andforthismanifestationofconfidence Ireturn tomy democratic associates sincere thanks. We are aawsabtsj as representatives of the regular democracy of tbe State of New Y ork—(applause)—and a s such re'presentat,vea, we bave a very important duty to perform In tus inte- resting crisis in thai history of the country. I trust all are prepared to reflect in their deliberations aad action, not tbe wishes and sentiments < f some parties in Georgia and Missaaippi—not even tbe wishes and seati- meats of the national aimmiatratioo—(oheer*)—but to rtiifct tbe wiabes and sentnsecta of the demoerseyof tbe State of New York. Gentlemen, this oastan in- volves principles which lie at the very founda- tion of our institution*—which involve eves the perpetuity of tbe institutions themselves. The cardinal doctrine of the democratic party hat bomexcursion yesterday.They had a regatta a t N e w Bedfordterday bj tie falling of some thirty feet of the home the men who mean disunion,til©** Ht:t-1. at thai place, which gave way with aloud crash Fortunately no person was injured, and to leave to their brother conservatives inTbe wife of Postmarter General Holt died last evening, people the advantaged that the hesitation and nibble at this bait, though nothing less than after elbmg illness. Her. remairs were taken to Ken-the North to deal with tbe fanatic sectionalism previously left their apartments. The damage to here. When it comes to the worst they willproperty is estimated at about $12,000. take their stand in defence of their rights; but The Collector of City Revenue intends to demand they hope and trust that the great body ofa fortnight's rent to-day from the occupants of Northern conservatives will not permit, throughstands at West Washington market. The rentsamount to *2,100. We understand that the their divisions, a fanatic minority to succeed inslow action of bis rivals bave missed. Whilst helping to give to Italy the unity which was alone wanting to constitute her a great nation, andwhich,sincethedeclineoftheRomanre- public, she now for thefirsttimeenjoys, he has guarded against the chances of her future in- gratitude by obtaining for Spain the privilegesthe office of Postmaster General will satisfy tucky by this afternoon's train. They were acemnptaied to the depot by tbe President aad Cabinet. The Postaim if Lincoln should be elected. But the Cffice Department baa been closed to day.the instates of that portion of the building havingsuchaspiritcannotbnt produce themostdis-favoriteintheireyewhomtheyexpecttoplay ploration,as,ifsuccessful, theroutewitl, it issaid,be Beforetwelveo'clockWieting Ballwaswellfilled,aad intotheirbands;andtheWeediteshavean- tbeleadingoneforthecommerceofAsia,aadturnthe theConventionpresentedafineappearance,bothattoMuchi itement was treated at Syracuse yes- evincing her determination to rebuke at course of political events, and secured to hisdoubt, and the only obsh selfish claims of tbewire pullers if«ta*ir disunion th*ywm feat their own aims, for it »os»partycliqueamongthenitoslf- Should they not unite for the good they consign th^tnselTeg tothem with a jvwtrruite of their insane bickering danger ripen, for the country.by providing for the personal entity of their victims.It ia plain that, in the present stunted condi-tion of statesmanship ia England, a ruler en- vention. Thus Forney, in tbe interest of theQ * ** °riepa/tment, Turner Societies, fire Department aad the fndararty at the South wbo churn that s i lier Forney is doing bis utmost to defeat tbe Wide Awakes, with their torches. A precession was should be cscrewed by tbe federal gwrornmant,"—"^mm11)1,. |l||,l|| I J| | II|Il|| I'" '""w-jm in MM a nand its faith in the sincerity of tbe Turkish walk orer the course in November, to the tune local elections in Alabama lately, which, in or- veatioa, aad Mosart Bail has agate been placed UBSB a *of, perhaps, as much as twenty thousand plu- amount of diplomatic hypocrisy. No one rality.equality with her, and been admitted to equal bosom andinfluenceintheConventiongovernment, there is more than the usualbelieves that a six months' occupation by foreign troops will have tbe effect of over-Ik* actios of the Convention has BOSS m reality aSouthern State, including even South Carolina. (Urrcaat d l.ioiA-P.ioor Bastr. freights. The market was firmer for mess pork, and un- the present Bentiments with which they all under any pressure, given her vote against the This is the way the people of the South areIt is barely possible that a fusion ticket may be patched up; but the universal conservative Southern reactiongoingon, asindicatedinthe lateKentuckyandotherelections,itisnow apparent,willsettletbebusinessfortheVirginiaYesterday Richmond resolutely refused totary and naval strength of France, but his po-litical genius, his diplomatic adroitness, his in- screw loose somewhere. He is opposed to the W. Thompson, Esq. The Commission consists of Captain Fortunately the inmates of the several rooms had leftnominationofMorgan because he vetoedthe F. W. Kngle, U. S. N., as commander; Lieutenant theirapartments,andnoonewasinjured. A number of freedom*andslavery." Thisisanan-cessantactivityandwatchfulness,andhisBankruptlawlastyear.TheChevalieriscon-Mortonandhisassistantsarechargedwiththetopo- workmenwereengagedinthestoresbelow,throwingtwoeffortstostimulatethe industrial andcommer- tinually watchingforthepassageofameasureof graphicalsurveys and charts of the harbors, and Dr. intoone,whichoccasionedtbe accident. Some eighteencial energies of France. They see in all this theprospect*ofhisraising the French empire to a position of political influence and great- nessfartranscendingthatofGreatBritain. And. in fact, thus far all his measures have tended to this result No war has been under- taken, no diplomatic conference has been held, notreatyhasbeenratified thathasnotinsome way or other contributed to the glory and ma-John Evans as geologist. Ambrose Thompson, Jr ., ac- or twenty sleeping apartments in the hotel moot baveappreciation of the advantages to be gainedown heart, who will do all their bidding; bntnot to elect any one man, but to prevent a mi-trade, and sentto this city, the United atatea Dte nority from casting the vote of such State for cloud, he no sooner hears of the evacuation of ejection of Assemblymen and State Senators, brero Guano Island July 28, arrived here to day. She re that all govtruneatal sower originates with tad emstrictAttorneyhastakentheaeceesan^tepstowards MessinaandthelandingofGaribaldiinCala- withwhomtheywanttobesilentpartnersin portsthateverythingwasquietatthelatterplace,whereratesfromthepeople,andshouldbeexercisedfortheir giod abwe, aad that governmental power, local inMscharacter,shouldbeexercisedbylocalagent-as near tbe source of that power as circumstances Will per mit. This principle, so interwoven with the policy of our icftiiutions. would seem to make tbe duty of good citzesmptaia; yet we find a party, powerful at the North, acting in boetuity to this principle, and claimiag that tbe federal sovcrnmect at Washington shell 1 exereJet thatpomari*v*rtheTartnomsatuenjositio*tothewflfefP"libelling her.JThe three little negroes founden Lincoln. Itmattersnotwhoitiscastfor,beitshe touched to land the Governor of the Island. Thethe W. R. Kibby on the coast of Africa. > caaeaiBd by the Crusader, are now lodged hi HB«••!»•»jam, •waning B acwon er tne go*Commissioners metand M is hopedthe 1st of January,ples, to be m readiness to offer shelter and the law—a business even more prosperous and leader of tbe negro ihsurreetionists was still on board the bark Warren, of Baltimore.warToyoung tbe sawand reticA atBwcWnridge,Bell,DouglasorHouston;the briathanhedespatchesaman-of-wartoNa- thethrivingbusinessofrobbingtbepublicby*tjrf s^Bii will be secured by a popular con-0 the odious and dangerous theory means of escape to tbe royal family. Thus, profitable than the slave trade in which theythat there faa tionandthelaw" than the constitu- ofwhicheverymanisawhilst ho has been the main tartrument in bringing about the triumph of rarolutlonarjare so heavily embarked. iCHICAGO, August 16, ltSS. A saUte or on* hundred guns was fired at bah" past tennutajgbtonlinearrivalofthetrain withtbepointed at the upright course of the Governor,who, being an honorable merchant, could notconsent to the approval of a bill which relievedafter his Indian guides had been lost and his provisions exhausted. >,Tbe Secretary of the Nary was charged by the Presi- dent of the United States to organise' this CommissionofCongress,orevenfortheGovernorship;butfor members of the State Legislature, who will to dayappointed successor to A. J. O. Baanon, late Fourthit,re the control of the plunder of the publicAuditor, deceased.LOotiMj Arm m u x nusvrvxby railroad schemes and other nefarious jobs.of afirstclass Power, thus raising a counter- The managers raise a dust about the Governor- Bisbony of Conn , aad B o a D. E. Sickles, are in town actinginfluencetothatwhichItalymayhere- slipInordertoblindthepublictotheirreal lookingaftertbewelfareofsomeofyourNewYorkconservativemasses principles on the Continent, he conciliates the Tax CsKVALnm FORNBT PAVING OJT HIS jZoeavesj. They were met at the depot by General Swift people, aad virtually sppreBiilatlat torr" in OBBBBBB by all the States of thegood will and esteem of his brother sovereigns DBBTS TO Tax REI'CBMCAN PAKIT. -The Cheva- and stafl and tbe satire military of the city, the Police to the taws of tee North alone. On thecannot be other than an object of suspicion Pennsylvania democracy for the betesft Of wtd dislike to the small politician* who control Lteooln. Although the republican Qerfc of*•» destinies. They see France daily elevated the Bonse of Representatives, elected in partof a BrIdee at Daavillenurraxs, Pean., At««st IS, IMG H*hitetatthatplaceeverthehave the right to form such sots ante i i rightfiit with Uie constitution of the United in their >jdg*meat best snicaartad to iutercats. Now, this principle is tntaieed by s large majority Of wfaole country; yet we are notJJ*0*e*niuaofthisonemanastepnearertoUntitled DocumentTM® P"»d pre-eminence that their own country' y oocupied. Unless another Pitt309 SFulton New York 13069for hk services to them two years ago. and in ing.earrylSwiUi It a crowd ounion of the Pennsy1vania democracy upon, the* formed and marched through tbe principal streets to thet<> tbe wishes or the people, and that the ooasmoriot of the Union be devoted to tbe uses of Uialone, against these heresies, as upheld by f t *men c f bath aoctlaas. It is toe duty of tbe democrattc parfusion electoral ticket recently agreed uponbut eloquent speech b y Hoe. John Went Tbe Zouaves then marched to tbe Brigg'samong the leaders of the two factions in Con-Speeches laudatory of tbe ty ot this State to protest. TBey bold that Costies wets kept up till a late dowedwiththiswoaMlerfulsagacityandenergy republicanmanagers,laborstodivideIks alongthelineofmarchoftbepwtrebriBiantly t«rtyoftbecountryshouldbekftfreeto <Stbc I'o!on, wbo, after asakfagtheirdinary times, would pass unnoticed outside ofthe State, but which, at this crisis, are as im-portant as the first desultory skirmishes to agrand and decisive battle, Bead the news of triumph over the Richmond sad Caggerthemwhich we publish to-day. What is the Mosart, or to consent to say act that would meaningofallthis?IsAlabama,theState eclattoWood,whombedeeignatedasawhich led off the secession movement at acquisition to any party. The final result, whioh a achemdom, and made a miserable failure. ginia will, indeed, be a revolution; tunes,ifBellandEverettwere to carryevery After their admission to tbeConventiontheMozartoremade a good point. Whoa Clancy frequested leave for Tammany to withdraw for consultation, Bradford jumped up aad gave the instant concurrence of the Mozarters at the action of tbe Convention. This took the country de- legates b y storm, and w a s greeted oith warm appiaose Clancy's Silly blunder broke downthelastbarrier,aad afterthatthedelegates from tbe ruraldistrictsdidact hesitate to express the opinion that Tammany wac played oat. It will be a bard matter for tat Regency ever again to redeem their promise mads to conciliate Tammany, that next year Wood sadMasart shouldbeslaughtered,and Tammany againadmitted toexclusive communion.WHERE IS THE GOVERNMENT?—Every weekwe, are receiving scores of communications only playing a game, and that the majority are alreadycomplaining of the non-observance of this law,Putting this fact in the same pipe with the and the violation of that, in relation to our wanted was endorsement that would deprive Tammanypresentdivisionsanddistractionsofthedemoc- municipal affairs. Many of thesecommunica- nominees of tbe advantage of assumed regularity fa racy in Virginia and everywhere else, the tions are very important, and we oftenput city nominations. Tbe result of the admission of bothsets will probably b e to insure double nominations alldemocratic party. She had a narrow escapethereneverwasadiplomaticagreement whichwasmoreliabletothedisturbanceofitscondi-tions, or which offered less chances of its being set themselves up like tenpins, only to be dUunionists, rally to the standard of Bell andweatheredthestorm;andsincethatday,down to her last election for Governor, the oppositionlate their example,and,againstour Northernhonestly carried outLet uslook at the facts. Bythetermsof craticmajorityot30,000forBuchananto5,000, cisivedayofNovember.Delaware, North Carolina, Tennessee and Ken-the condition of her consent to it, to obtain per- tucky are all drifting in the same direction to a the country is the independent press. It ap- one of tbe electors at large.tickettheticketforthework?sought concealment. A n armed intervention In party are both for the renomination of Morgan, sternation among republicans, who deprecate it as mostconservativesof theNorth toactive co-opera- tion with the Union men of the South to saveingrascalashedivesintothepublictreasury. 1AffairsattheNationalCapital. OCR SPECIAL WASHINGTONDESPATCH.WASHIXGTON-, August 14,1850. muaaaxtnlPa AJ,"I> TM raammxer.will? decline. If be accepts, It will only be be- cause b e j believes defeat certain. W . W . Wright. Richmond'sbottlewasher,jumps athisnomi- nationasgreedilyasifbestoodaremotechanceofenac- tion. Thereitanevidentootvietionistbemindsofall leaders that the gam* it up for squatter sovereignty, sad hence everything Mi permitted to go without a struggle.PROCEEDINGSOFTHECONTENTION STRACTSB, August IE, IBM.Aconsiderablenumberofpersonsarrivedboreduring the night and this morning.Everett, and they may still break this sectionalthem to good use. It seems strange that intobacco,oftheMountVernonbrand.Setdown thisvastcity,withallthecomplicatedcor- forStateandelectoralvotesbyanwbosecurenomina- Old Virginia for Bell and Everett. Who could porate system, the departments and bureaus, tions for any office from constable to alderman or mem-have believed it a few months ago ? Who can the boards and public officers, by which we ber of Assembly.InfacttheonlygovernmentwhichexistsinA report is current that In a letter to parties in this cityMr. Breckinridge hascalled aconsultation ofhis friendstodecideupontbeproprietyofhiswithdrawalas a candidate, in compliance with tbe suggestion of tbeThe results of the recent elections in Arkansas, Ken tuckyandMissourihavebadawonderfaleffecttowards bringing about some accommodation of matters amongmany and Mosart Hall delegationsTbe excitement among tbe contestant! this morningTickets were issued this morning to the d*»*gat-fs to the at the last minute. The Greeleyites have a three months. Great interest is manifested in this ex- Convention and tbe reporters of tbe press as usualgreat contest in this State Is not for membersArvoOTSKM. F.Hfmter,chiefclerkintheIoarthAuditorcoffl*,wasAugustus Scueil, Marshal Ryudert, Hon. Wm. D.Zouaves!were made b y severaltrees should net Interfere to net or prohibit Several buildings slavery ia the Territories. Ilaughing at tbe Regency, and declaring thatall they Thomas M. Tryniskiouth4thStreetwww.fultonhistory.compart for his expected services in this he still wears the cloak nfsembledlo wltaea* the Carr r* a wire atretrt Aix>U two hundredtbe tact thatthoseholdingthe 