 tiiAItkIr,,.. . , > itin : "-'•t, ,., ..; , U.»: t.' r. »*gx<stcgetherarerqualy>«:bxraejwwerwteuw<'tis? Atotesac*tt*d CaptacHarmon,waawaateadmoom snacctr ef the teasel CepuusBali a a gnatasnanaf erttgr endahUity, andbaa bada vastaawantofexpo riesce m the merchsnt service- He ia a Fe.iow of the ReyeJ Astrciomical Society, sndthefirstoffisertathe mercbaatoervieewhstookafirstclasscertitsataInthe<• i'*t -i'> i -: 'A - -oreOf>a tha a*t»i"-«< the architect asd co5tint W e. too a rteel hvtag r****** «**T T " MrBnaeluafeiwh, "d *» *•*««*«**F»3,lie:,althoughbecUnetHvetoo*e«*ughtoen.v ir- •,tl front of 'too|T«*trtomph whtch h* bn* • li <T~_ror DO matter *Lat may be sa'i t">«»e eon•i>« »ceh M tli* tctereakfatIndia or i« war it the complete and separate eeg ne, capable of working qaite Darxetff cf cjijtdrrs Craa.a, the Grtat Easaers coald transport for OMBrits* iadepeadeBtly of any of the other three. They work up fisgib of stroke...84 laches Captain Hall a a b)ether ef ths Rev. Nswsssn Hall, ana 4 feet• of theoeiebntks ef London, whese churchan Blackfrtars Tt read,formerlybelongingtothelateRev.RowfeadBiH,ta*Co ,M4B4rt loe.sanfard h O tBITIIIr •-to as Indicatorpower of d.500 horses of 93,CD0 pounls, whenworkingat45strokess minute,withsteaminPWber of bctiers furnacesfortatters..... trameterofscrew Numberofbladestoscrew lergibofscrewshaft Weight of serewsbeft.S> 'Ittas,ISSS-throughout not only London, but w e throughout all Engand, and Upusaudathem that you are on shipboard. The length andbreadth of tbe principal saloon, and particularly its greatheight, are well calculated to give such an mpression W e a r e aware that there a r e saloonson ether steamers which are considerably :ocgera preportion to the length or the vessel butwhen we come to consider that a ressei must be builtwiih great strength, and that choice, convenience or ac-cident oftea lenders the occupation of some particularroom or part of a ship inconvenient or impossible, w eahail at once see the policy of dividing and sub-dividing dispensed with, and in their stead an Ingenious con- tbe room and resources of a vessel like this into numerousas the 19tb, .8th and tfih of November, and on the 3d • af ractmber.lstf. Bat slight progress, however, was mace, but all the power of tha windiaseet, by hydrauiaraws and steam tags, failed to move her further than a Hm ' * * from the spat on which she rested tffcr the l i s t «c» oevsaful tflort. Tha aaasave chains ware strained t eeacee employed ta tbe construction of tbe ahtp: The state room doors are provided with curtains of rich crimson silk.maty oemfitottof rpitinsa Taste are few of oar ottlsans wto bare sat vaitod sad admired that sable tpeetmen of aval ajchwemare, the steam frigate Kagara—the torgeststrata of ths Dardanelles, and which w ss to contain Broom staff—lte. 16 a IT. Oik piece goods—Ua. 9, stsos In that city a night or two ago. He was a bis ninety Irstthree thousand sick pstsons. Be was s member of the 8 per catty. Kobangs-Ns. 1, lte 11; No. 2, it. 10; No Jtar, bad beea married eeveaty rears, sad sad bvedT r * *b«"acd.Ot*'!&*«**Itt? Tt»T*f**iU ?*•If!edtoaccommodateastout isfeet I 40 Mfeet1,€00 horses 4,tt*. •,»• ii-i-nr./.ii.!b»cthoughtofbyIHMJ*asealcoo neartir*»wse*daofthevests*,Tae :KCU#)is1*0Tbe Ideaof ou limg •*.,rr,a makeuso Borarchitectbadobtainedahigh ton it thecotoaarclai world. TheproducSofthe r — . lB u*oooBflde«ooOfltol»t"*»,lWk!b»W ,*r8^ •arKos ewmtrtes of the earth will thes be oow •vi-tas u d tsBerteac* as ta engineer, abiaUes whtoh. •eeeeto raagisf frees tea as twenty thaaae<ston,orat55strokesamautowiththsexpansioncuttteg off st ess fourth of the stroke. Under these dream stances they will he working st the tremendous power of 6,600 horses. The boilers, of course, are of the same kindssthepaddle boilers. Connected with the sores euginiw ere twa suxflmry high preesure engines of seven tyheteepower,workingwithfortypounds,hatthese,as with the other auxiliary engines", w e made to work at14th,sans26th,girtsasawitemaftab**I;, which a sheer tavsntfen, sathmg ef the sen e m hsvag occurred, fiee thsfeifewtagwsrfis, sa,ts>to e>j ess*, appears to havS WW hsswdttafy,harixg eejoyedagre*t repttaiffatIn*sctasalfir world . a« »a engineer. Brutal the oldor i w , M almost every m knows, the ormetructer of thes^an, though comae*malty a failure,a* uoo i f (he graalett trtarat^de»B inch Koastars wosM do sear tha whale tradeef KewTask, bestdeethehaaaaasaceoa which they would tflord to paaaeagar trarel\togetagUmpseofthesaodernaiarvelof tor."Fromallpointsthousandsuponthe "civTns SiAvnTSABS OVKXSBmANswWAX—11tbe goversmnt has lecstvedtatormatiaathat tbe men off the coast af Florida and Swath Carsttat are taarh »n4.1U rradrto fee woaderad Ml, ttoertiare, that «M w * * hadIs alt a a w UK H W M * of Eagtlah ea. i'.al'ttr.and tt i notBrunei the younger raoBTOdmi o <!««4BO4 the uaeaaad conatructed tha Iron hull ortL.»&p,andbyCaptainRarriaonandotherofilccraof bulluptoaboutthirtyfeetfromherkeelisconstructedc^apasysad the united pumping power of the engine* to equal to raising about fifty toss of water per minute. Increased draughtforthe furnaces hat been provided, by intro- daciag a steam blast pipe into each funnel.THEDECKOPTILEOKBATtUSRBX.No part of the ship is so well calculated to give a corroc1 ideaofherimmensesinssthemaindeck. Youcannot cast your eyes along that Immense extent, stretching away aimctt seven hundred feet-one eighth of a mi*—without becomlxg conscious of her magnitude aad vast proportions. It a a magnificent promenade, unbroken b y poop or "house on deck," free from all obstructions, open to every wind that blows, smooth u a grassy lawn, level ss a r*-.ecourse, breesy e s a hill side, and more secure from dust than a lady's drawing room. Six masts, straight as up lifted lances, support six thousand five hundred squareinjury. This web work, by which the two yards of caaraae, whisb .later In the wind likewill be seen, therefore, that there was oauss for the universal anxiety felt on thti score. As ths rss- selnearedtheseturningpoints,theexcitementandanxie- ty grew deeper, tempered, however, by the gradually ia- creastag confidence derived from her graceful motion, the easy, noiseless play of her machinery, and ths thoroughcommandunderwhichshewasheld. Thecurt« at Greenwich was passed triumphantly, raising the en ihosissm of the spectators to fever he a. Bat at Black wall the great danger lay, that was the crisis in the trying river trip of the Great Eastern, and as she reached that point,an acute angle round which the tide sweeps with greatforce,a bark was observed moored in tbe very centre of tbe st/eata, aa if to bar her further progress. Iu the effort to get her bead round two of the hawsers parted, snd for a few minutes her position was critical in the extreme; for the tide swept with tremendous force and* ra yidltyHboreward, carrying the noble veesel with it. To eountoract tbls tidal influence it was necessary to bring tbegrtat power of her engines Into play, but at the same lime to use teem so judisiouEty and delicately that IV vessel would not be taken on shore on the other ade,ei:.i&me<ai i ) aay,sad u n a of thousands collected te witness tiie frtat treat. Tbe river was croedad withboataof all aacieaandazts, andallthehouse,topela endaround kdiwaii were thronged with epectatort Among those who were la tbe yard from which the ahij> was so soon to be morad into the Thames were the various Mtais*«rsat tae Ooirt o> St James, a large number of eminent sclent'.,u men. aad a whole host of the tilled nobility of tsa'aou. Tbe tune appointed .'or tbe christening of the i: ;> was half past ele>en A M ., and at that hour alas Ho; t the daughter of tbe Chairman of tbe company, aetforaW the ceremoc , giving the monster what wasThus, the ocean going steamer ot 1869 is nearly six timet the length of that or 1826, whilst the dtferenoe be- tween the tonnage is still more in favor of the tatter. T h e entire we gfat of the Great Eastera, with coal and cargo, a thirtythousand tens, which a greater by eighteen thousand tons than that of a a y vessel now afloat. A s compared wtth the first English steamboat—the Comet, built in 1812, of twenty t v e tons burthen—the it as a huge man of war to a little sailboattOB-tbe cellular form, a system which, while it giTeapiledtothe constructionefthaentire hull. Thereare, Isfact,twohula,oneofwhicha placed wtthtothe other, at a salsnss of twa feet tan Inches apart. These tare h«Us are bound toga bar by longitudinal webs of iron plates at lnterrals of six feet, which are again subdivided by transretso plates Into spaces of about six feet square. Ss these webs approach tha bolt>tu the inter raa between the pistes are reduced from six to threeTt* ucaatac .'.** of ooaalruotloa, having been commence i moosly, enabling it to resist almost any amoutt of out toIft&etaaahuwebedistbeeatly partofIMS. Tbe wsrdpressure Thesamecellularsystemhasbeena?Eaaternvtt,e coataeonieahatover Utret oiiliotaofdollars,but aooaetderabtapotUoaofthieaaaountwaaexpendedin the *a.iBcbiBg and te aakisg the repaara which were ren- dered oaoataary by tae exp:oaJoa wkaoh took piaa on herlias u a .waa nearlythreejeara inveeteiatassshwessnboast. Thosewho havebeen so«e*tunas* oat eea% astaaato aha aha of the Gross sastorn.when wttoiltkamtaat ssaWaaore thantwtoeaatoag- meesurutttMfeet^eaamarethanfourtiasslargerla hasashaft100feetsang,andweighs120tonsThey are Ths screwtightcompartments Da. partialActtrier.« am tbe l e w Jersey- HalIroad. TWO iM.iUHKN KltLRP AT BABT KSWAISWtereBUebuik-hareaeesayae'agUsns ti,to tons buitders' awesasamaat. v thaor aboutThickaetsofironpistestakeel Do inter and outer skins1Inch KtoehHewastooilltobepresentstthssuccessafhis hafiTAarfr cm Nanaoa* —The Frederick (Wd.) A*s«*vr sayt-(aMoadeysighteometaghterteaaavea,*»l«ag 'Og to persons la th a city and vicinity, as*ooa**S ta aater »d>re phuttod erest on tba aad abaheight that weald throw Traity wiuica lata ebaSe, aad; make her hide her dtmtaabed la tact, three trwrta/ cbmrshes samat a at eaejt ssher would sat »*>**.' vary5 Inch great work, ths Great Eastern, on her tn.» from the whistle lor braking ap, and the utmost edorts wars ssnde body. One of them, tor whom erawart eftfcrw* e»4ied Slach to stop the train. The children had just come up aa e aabacBroadway,hesagISfeattobreadth,aad paddtobasesshsatw»feetwidersntt,at that parisaea eurtof 1B0 feet. Her iaaaioci sure aaa aoarvaly be raal- l.edbysnyilaserifHoi,kowerersttoaae,but whenour people tsaasrss hay' wife) sails aad stairways, get lastasaaag her mawmarahto aparvmaats. wind the* way shio^hmal^sd'swsaihmeMforthsa^mssodirlmof_ . . ._..^._——^ sssV^^M ^^dM bx^^wSBK warn sBHasaatSi m m rama *^aeaoMavjad a.ashlat sixty pounds, as thsy have sit beea tested a hydraulicpumptoagreat pressure Thesepadare ia two Satinet seta, asd eash eet has about featoftake surface, exclusive ef Sue sad•hoot SCOsquare feet of flro bar furusee, with steady, moderate urteg. af1SC0horsepower,thoughwith •fall1-SEgeachsetaftwagtres steam totheamountat1 * 0 bore* power, a r » , o ^ t a r m , p M r t r l a a l iTwa snifimry high pressure oansasalag eagtaee are _ages 11,370 tons rent Injury, attusugh when picked up she wss ta siment a tbat th* appro*/ b of tht Irst of June, on which say fe* Weigntofship,engine*.Sec.ssatttaahacbtng.tg.ooutoas era,wssformanyyeananofficertatheeervtoe ofthe lifelesscondition. Theotherwasthrownwithgreatforce tawferbtddtagmar will g*tetoeSbet,wmd*•SBBBswysrtssK£tja!"re•a_f •estBmsshjsvaWy mssrsasl aI s•s•wa•a*arw* js•i w« aBr w•HaSpTw^aBsBsHo «S•B D• *M• "I 'W» OvSwBTiSa^Bw^Ba*OwB tWaFfWs^sPa**saato ef ths) wmrSsrful vessel. These hotels consist ofsqpar aad awrer storWs, dretded into aakwae, bedrooaas, I fixed adjacent to the peddle aigraaa for werktog psmpa S**tae.d C»ar S Sweeta.r, sow of tbe owner of tht lam* L( t u -*a* «rre*ted aa .utj'tc'ja of be'ag is*lary.Tt 0ocs away with the akt ayatwa of shlpriiaf detachconing offst onethird of the stroke Theyare,tttat Mm rVrtcwawaj BwaaMsss, tfcmenis of men hitherto aaaroklable. If successful as a aowrvtr, made to work smoothly either at 40 strokes t,..-. t*agreattriumph,totorastuueaageniusud iu-ancsl£pecatotlcn,ahawiLprodaeaacomplete,rerota permsaste,withsteamat36pounds,withoutexpaa-TBIratAt,TWITorTHIOBBATBASTBXM.got thetthofSeptember,1660,theGreatKesteraoom metced fcer first trial trip, starting from laptford for the Nore.ai the mouth of tbeOa excitement of aB c tosses on thisTte banksoftheThameswerelinedwithcrowdsasxloasPent OnA Waatnagfea carisspesdest ef ths PVtatotohTbe plan eeleotod far the coceuuctlon of the monsterwas the eastera bask of tbe Tbaawt, at Milwan, which,aUbougs not haaaedlattly wlthlr tbe nmtti proper of theluj TI IOBdon, aay itlll be regarded as a partof the rest, so that If it should be found necessary toground the vessel for repairs, she will be eaabled Mbteri the grand anperttrootare was to be raae-'. rTe to support her own weight without strain orgreat vetrcforta Here the nuaare ptetrs were laid upont»j fiatea. for the Oreet Eattrrn, unlike all other reaeea, it « haul a keel, noleie tbe nat plate of iron, about t a > Trei «He and one icch tb*ck, which runs the entire\rvK\t from atea to i'i>rn can be dignified vita the name. i' waa upon tba ttnp that the test structure of iron, * . • eg twetre thoutand tea*, was to be raised, plate b> i.'ate, and fartened togetuar. rivet by rivet. Slowly tl •• jreat work ireat on, the men who were employed i.\.<T.itlooktoglikegnatsbesidethegiganticwail*ofironhulls are knit together, as if they formed one solidwall of iron, is strocgly rirotted to the i lbs by means ofajgle Irons. Tbe thickness of the lower deck will prevent any sound from tbe engine rooms reaching the pas-foreet trees in a storm Between t b e matte a r e placed the smoke stacks, and these, by giving a basis for comparison, impart a deflniteness to our first vague im preselons of illimitable size, which a more satisfactory to the mind, although It may be h a s agreeable to the imagi-Hartog girea a general Idea of the huge proportions ofthe Tdanl, we wUl aaw proceed to speak af tha deteljs.The Great Rastora a , aa we hare said, e*0 feat long betwees oprightt, aad about 700 orer all. Her breadth a13 feet frost bulwark to bulwark, end from the outership with a most valuable cargotroops and stores for tbe Crimea, was destroyed byfireoffGenoa,fciconductreceivedthehighest approbationrrom••heAdmiralty. AicaptainofthsGoldenFleeoe,wtth thw. Thfegrosssnditab)asvtewSJtasftowtornbeen troops for India, he made ths quickest voyage s s record ' e*foreomebBS*,sndhresB*iastebtilUffioptd hit tltnt for tbe Great Eattoro, that height of the hull a 60 feet, whiles walk aronad her deck s u a engine. It will Una be seen that the paddle s a lWta (.ocpaay tbosid hare bee* tooid wHa attftetJAirTt%eabttam W f Bw>eoaatr««ts*Bwas ordered \>jthe Easternr» i.paay, watoh was tocoraorated ay royalsbilty to pass the sharp carves gad acute eequalialengthtoaqtarterefaaula.Suais,isfaot,screwengines,whenworkingtogetherattheirhighestarg'esoftheriverhadtobetested,asdoathispointnoOCTXiKlS OF sutr^BssWTATITB 8TSASBS9. Toenableourrearerstecomprehendsiaglanceths progressivaincreasetotbasjaoof oceanstearnnrsdunagstto make a test qusstaa aattaaybareatoa-tor sew tort, tetbe upper deck aad the lower part of thagreater buoyancy to tha bull, increase! its strength eaorcomparmienis.Put ss large a proportion of tha shiptrivance has been subsituted, by which In case of emor rency, the'sbrouds can be let go simultaneously Two of tbe masts are entare rtged with Iron spars, with the exctptkn cf tbe upper topsail yards On the mizen mast,into one lorg saloon as you see in other vessels, and itNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, JUNB 14, 1860,-jgIPLE SfflMT.5l«a-*ter %'cVis*»Tt..., H»«e'^ ej.iViere.eacts §K*'t. OfSU.'-*.*.... atr.terof r^eta Ttirra.»w'ft eoiie.s Has..Urol nactle wheatsSGUW RflO.SSS.ttew'Ra! prww|ftti>b*vorcHise'ere ,.lu' *ooetbagt»coec*ve••M,orh»rto ftftitifandeightfeethigh-Tfanye .cyshould withthepaddlecybntfe-e,eachofthefouraiaiteeira We-cattfcytaders,each..,74 L3«»*t pet:tmeat ta tra Grant Sa*<4*3 m place of theNEW8 FROMCUBA.TtesteamshipEaraak,from rivad here yesterday sastntog plane srs to ths 9thtorn,and Imight from Harass—l.llii laVaier4tStevsas,ledbatesSSWBBSBfeP.T.gwh,T ; 7 \ as-t'-a lorsr acIether a»T«Btar" vr-wk o» tri~» ;» TVs' :*"._*'. :•« H ':Q b*:at 4dpejcis. tce^h, aathsy Are at'« t>woe* a« eVi and 1,«3 tt'rd class. Tlie engirtsrs act poenci, their power tan be doubled If aectsuary4,<t©.';•»«(.—t»_8<9 f*tC'BS.*,? <"JM8?c3a1vr.,•- hugev>"*ee4 vm, ?sc is nearer, w*U be accomniodatol Thescrewergtneseoasatoffourcylindersof84taiheediameter and four leet etrcke, working horiattttily. asgc\erase.aatataaUara;yof10,000Bsentotaelrt<twshuaextspledcxptdiiaa. Therai-jeof•tsstlntCer fkedrpiiataaicts a aateat toereryoae. the boiler at n pounds, and the expaaeton valveS4fe*t 4 180feet about 60 tonscrowdedto*swafenttwaneveryBwtawBy.-wnshathsssssm tiontnvbichheaheld.andssichlstiadesiretohearhlmHscnndoct Is tasimstton with th* Cm*sia,of 9,7t0tans, which span srrtvnl st Sydney was found to be fright fullyleaky,manyoftheplateshavingstarted,gainedhlathe approbation and friendship of the sate Mr. Brunei.There wss no dock into which be could pot ha ship, aadtrash great pmsetm taoe hs saSBBsasI fe forming a basin,byurtvfngtworowscfpilesaround the remit,tillingupthe spate between, thsn pumping ths wafer owl, and by thismeansbewssenabledtorepairaadbringhomethe habito?ruaniagovertoCab*,aathepretraoseftag of their fish, and reaarnteg wtth twearlAfraoena. bought there st a lew Iaf, at a great aovenoe. to parut coast,purchasethesegvees,asd takethemtatoU*as*efteofoaepaddleboxtothaothera190feet.Thedrivethescrew.ifseesssary,whendisconnectedfromtt•ndherobediencetocontrol..Butstill,herbetweenIngandandCaicutu. saystopswillhatottsstosrrwstttaaiaasseassfleattogetty.capableofcerryfaagteathes- power,winexertaneffectiveforceofnotleasthan11,600littleesxaty wasfeltbyall. Thisacxtotywi'lbeunder ttocd when we mention that twenty three or twenty fear feet depth of water was tha mtBlntaum required at thato tween the twaR ts te betand aoula. The hail hi dirided iato ten compartBMBte of 60 rest each, which are perfectly water-tight, as thathorsepower.the screw asd paddle engines are fitted with feedthe lasl twenty years we give the follawtag relative out sad the Grest Eastera :—wTXAtrsHir fines* wswimr.Built ta 1818 -Length ttotott. STSAMSHirasjATsnrvAm.Builtla1844.—Length999feet 8TKAK32TJ fB\a3:A.Built ia I860 -Lecgth *M feet STxaatSEir OBKAT BAirrgtcs.then coaiidMed as tbe appropriate name of tbe L via wou<d not be so agreeable, tt would be mere noisy, notthan," although it has been a.ace changed to that of tbe' ' reat eastern ' The «;gna! was now given by Mr easily kept at a good temperature, and in case of accident wfcict as we bave said te not made of Iron, a staging a and otherwise injured. All of the passengers escaped.to this one apartment, passengers would be without ade- quate protection or comfortSuch was the great strength of the vessel that her hull was not damaged, snd the shock of the explosion was hardly perceived by those most distant from the point at which it Occurred, while the ergines were never once stopped till she reached Portland. From Portland the Great Kastern went to Holyhead, and while lying hereKi not ' to throw away tins "thores " and -stays, whichleft the tugetbaas reatirg on her crailea' alone T a *•*owd a»t.;ed the fiat movement of themonstorina;most brtatLless anxiety and ~uspcn«e. The checking a loftiness cf cciiicg that many would consider use ess factured on board and conveyed tc every part of the ship, eabhs by which abe wa- he«i ia her place were DO* It, however, serves tbtBj purpose. The distance a to while a ac t effulgence, a kind of simulated moonlight,letaxed, preparatory to applying tbe power which was tolo put her in motion; but before tha could be brought tobear the vassal began to move, a n d more rapidly than• as expected, towards the water. Tha change of posHmacaused a tuddea and violent revolution of the"brakeatsacked to the sternmost cbeckiag cable, the headlee ofwhteb eaddeaty flyteg sroona fnnhapptly struck several by mirrors that they appear positively ornamental. 0/tbeworkmenacaresttothem,causingseverefrac- Tbefurnitureofthesaloonaveryrichendbeautiful.tures and other ser ous rejoriea. Several other draw Tbe carpet is a simple pattern, ta which maroon color Backs occurred to pceveot the launch, and it was accord predominates. The sofas are covered with Utrecht vel- tpalTfpntstienel for the time. She had, how vet, the biflete are of walnut, richly carved, with green ever, uesptte of these, been mored between marble tope. Tbe sides of the saiocn are covered with tour and fire Scot towards ths water. Aftert mirrort aad arabesques personifying tbe arts aad tsi- ahta rurther atternpla were made to launch herwill i * shed on the vast area of the deck, from a powerfulter's edge, with every accommodation •hipping cargo at ail times of tide.for tending a a dTheUrealEasteraIsabouttifteenfeet between decks,erecte. e'gutj four feet from the decs, on which the com- passes are placed to remove them from the dtaturblng in ilutooe cf tbe ferruguicus mass below. G u can bo menudecksThe total length of the stain saloon a sixty-two feet, b yfects of this will be striking In a high degree. Tao boat wea gliding over the waters " unto herself a sun," her deck bathed In artificial moonbeams, a n d t h e restless octsowithout darkened with theshadowsoftheover- hanging night. What a strange appearance tt must pre- sent to reacea crossing its path. Imagine the conttorna- tton it would cause among a crew who had never heard of this modern wonder (supposing that there exists a crewthai ever visited tbe Englith coast. After great exertionson tbe part of Captain Harrison snd the ere * sue rede outthe storm with comparatively little damageSincethenshehas,asthepublicareaware,beensome attbaportforallclassesofbusinessaresuperiortoanywhat altered, and many imprcvemena have been made other ta Japan.in her which, tt a expected, will aid her greatly In mak- We would especially remark regarding the great advan-thirty aix reet wide, at oae end a the ladies' saloon. whlon a twenty feet long. Through the saloon protrude two of tbe funnels; bat they bare been so sktlfaUy surroundedForeigners experience less difficulty erery day Is their business transactions with the Japanese, aad the facilitiesTBI STEAM POWBK.The distinguishing festare i s the character of tbe Grea.eastern, in addition to her great size, a the combined aptengineers, a sailing master, a purser, snd two or Thames tutnel The irruptions of the water caused him are abundant Gattform* pctatort have hem introductd.three surgeons. The total,number of ths crew will be four hundred, of wh <-n one third win belong to tbe engi- neenrg department, one third for victualling and ser-plication of the steam power through the paddle wheelbne».:Bg, the wire drums ef be nindtosma were crashed end tbe screw. The engines are very considerably larger vants, and one third the sailing department Tbe GreatImportsforthemtnth,fortheJsptnesemarkets,bars God.been small, mostly all the invoices landed being forfo We subjoin th* following extract from a letter wrttles reigners' use. American drills and sheetings are dealt to to the Chetokee N uiem, datod April 90,1*00, te shew thetike outs, aad ths hydraulic rams burst tromjlhe immense pressure- Ca the 2d of Jasuary the work was renewed, ail tbe IsBSCfctBg machinery having been got into order'than any hitherto made for martut purposes, and theiractual will be very far greater ihm their nominal power.There are ten boilers and five tonacls, and each boilerEastern a chieHy Intended for passenger traffic, sad Is to Jbt fitted to accommodate eight hundred of the first class, two thousand second class, aad one thousand two hundredInmoderatequantitiesatpresent,butohinteessnd T lewtlrgcreatedbythatollow;—UJjaesItnotroutedtrassaad c s the 6th the msiaire iron hull was again moved, can be cut off from its neighbor, and need or not, as de- ihlrd class—In all four thousand passengers, snd If usedare three Sbaoghae taers ta advance of 'China quotations ; middle aged Tls. 2, and young, 2.60 per peeul. Chinese red blanket cloths are in very good demand Corns** medicinesbavenosale, andarebeiagreexport ed toCh'na. Liquors of all kinds arelarge- ly imported, snd pay good prsntt : sonshut with mush less rapidity af motion than waa observe aa oa Use list effort, tale tisne her motion towards the waterwassttheratsofssbachevsryfiveminutes.At ttJratethsworkpcogreaaedtilllbsSlatefJanuary, isat, wbesske was at hat fabrry afloat Tbesaeowa of tba ast and loaf continued tfibrt wee greeted with the meetectbueaeoctfemosatraboas. Fromthstimetotbe 7th of Otptomber the was beiag stale ready for her trial trip wb;tb took pace oa that day.sired. The boilers are plsced longitudinally along the centre of the ship, and are entirely independent of etch other. Everypeddleboilerhastonfurnaces,sadeach screwboi:eitwelvefurBSoes,thesgivingtothewholethess a troop ship it a said she can take nearly ten thousand men, baggage and provisions Included.MMKNSIONHANDCAPACITYINTABll.AKFOitit.named. To him also is due the suspension bridge from Huagsrford, in London, one of the longest in England. aswellasapartoftheconstructionsoftheSardoTus- canrailway,andhetookaparttothatmostdifficultthey would be good Soothers men, asd eouia ke essptoy- •d by the Southern BoardDomestirBearsItetnt 8t-wJUSosrinsHiiacwBrvxaEAILSOAD—AboutTbe cylinder of tbe paddle engines a aix feet ia diame langth on tbe upper deck Breadthfromadstosideofballquotettz.240a246. CoalisbeingexportedIn considers baquantitiessnda becomingbettertoquality.daily Quotations 14 SO.Mei per ton, delivered on baard. Iron- Japanproducessveryfinearticle, made intobarsabout 9 a 12 inches long, and about 1% Inches thick; w s quote its 26)» per pecul. Vegetable wax—Hz 39 a 96 lor gtwdrrom thetrack. Tnetrain was at once tapped hackeefewherehetoy,whenItwasfoundthathsquite dead. I pen examination It was shown that sds neckwasbroken. Bewasstanastakasaashandoarto Irvirgton, and the c-ronir notified. Be was about forty- five years of age. Be no doubt walked in frost of the en-ter. The screw propeller ia 24 feet iu diameter, and tbe Breadth across the paddle boxes.... • -readers are aware that, with regard to s- e, tbe diameter of the paddle wheels a Sti feet, with Mat boards Depth from deek to keelJMJUKSIOXB Ot TUB tfBSAT tA8TgS_\.b:atFaaternisasrisailed,bemg,isfat;',thelargestres- 13feetislength thesepeddle wheels aredrivenbyes. Lengthofforecastleacd coarsf a dsfsrtat ideas to dioereat persona^according c.cillat'ug principle—baring a stroke of U feet; the Height of saloons on lower deck.tothestsndnidbywhich they judge comparative sizes weightef eachis Sotons. Theengines stand nearlySO Numberofsaloons..^Height of falcons on upper deckwe may meahaa a lew tacts that will tend o awntiixe feet high Number of •aloossHeight of forecastle et,'Bthewnru,butaathaiphrasea rathermdeontte, gtneswithfearrrlinders—thelargest ever tiudeontbe Totaten*luofprincipalsaloon*The screw engines are drives by the same number of length of upper aak^cs Letgth of lower saloonsytinders Thecybudera are 7 feet la diameter,and Numbercfdtrksuuty of erecting the Hospital of Reakioi, situated on the SO. Pah ioe-ltz. 186 a 137. Cattle fish—It - 21 a %: •te, l*Btcbe*s coanty, died very soddeaiy at h a rwaidsaosweigh each 30 tans, having a stroke of d feet.the largest ever made for marine purposes.propedar has four fens or vanes, a 24 feet to diameter,are of wrought wan plateNumberotiiveUusedinfasteningthepates SOtOOCO 9slived,however,tohearofhetgreattriumph.•e'ght of iron needta the nsaitiaawa, eboutio,000 ton*justattbeiocemctivereachedthen,andnotwithstanding Cerotaa E.Breagle ofthaetty;etherstobtes.larythe warning gives by ths engineer, thsy kept as,and Hammond, Measrs. John Smith, fxnBoatk, Cs/frtisa were both struck by the cow catcher. Thomas, and ethers. The ptaa of the fugitive* was^sixty pounds.work,areconcededwiththescrewshaftabafttheordi eothusjtsm increasedssthsmonstership, nary dacootect»g apparatus, so as to enable themty jeelically forward, disylsywd nor sBsBsBsBfBoth these, besides doing ordinary ship'stomtftadadtoraaontheIndtaaandAuatriMaaroot*ayereryprecaufonatakentorendertherssselastaletatpsssps,thusavoidingtheobjectionablep'snofrelying tinesoftheGreatWestern,theGreatBritain,thePstnta,theviewsofyawth» Cape of Good Hope, though bar tra: royaga Wto be turnings, sad that ths vessel's draught WW twenty one esseofatddentu itapossibletomakeher. Isaddition safelyuponthedonkeyengineforthesupplyofthsboU feettoninchesaft,andtwentytwofastthreeachestor-acHe w* tkJaasawtry. t b e oostpaay atartod orlgiaally to the separate casapartsaento, whka are ooaasruoted so era—a state of things which was ths proximate cause of ward. It will be seen by this how little room there wasw -b t capital of ati atillleM of doUara; but thW amount as to be pet ftctly water-tight, aha has two loagttadlnal ths explosion on the Irsr trial trip. Ths "donkeys'1 will to spare; and to increase the difficulty, she had left herb a a b . * e a c o a a t d e r a b t y t a c r e a s c d , t a d • BOW d i v i d e d l a t a w a l l s a f i r o n , c a s h a f w h i c h i s 9 4 f e a t a p a r t , s a d h e s s s d e g e n e r a l l y u s e f u l f o r p u m p i n g o u t t h e b i l g e w a f e r , m c o r t o g s i s t h s w o r s t t r i m , b e i n g d o w n b y t h e h e e d i uai-arae M aaohoadred dallara aash, theaharaholdera reverses nearly S»0 feet of the length of theship washingt'ecki,andothermatters; but,so tu assupply- stead of by the stars. Her length Is slmasta nbertagnoleanthanthree tttooaaad Mr.Bruae'.!was Nothisg, to fact, has been left uadoae that togthelargeengines,theywillherelievedaltogetherfrom teven hundred feet, and the river in some partshas Best, twos tf they gotatWa ^ ^ the barkT h e i t s s s s 7thfarfloridapsitoagw)Newaew«t> ' a the gigantic undertaking by Mr. 8cott RuateU, could increase her strength. Thus we had thatthat duty. The auxiliary engine* arefittedwithfirehose, Is not mora than eight hundred feat wide. IIBarrel executions are ts toss piece to a few thoottag ass garrets—military asd orriiwhtta due advuss will be gives.BAvana.Mast,US*I s / s iretoritm actasaVet— dCSMUS Of ass Poitds—Tellm »mer Btsasy lastssvasA,«VWesrsIsbatetaotherbatchofaoowsdrsfegmiwfed, or,ssoom*haveit,eastsndthsnranuptotheyardsrm stavest?'afwar—partofthepiraticalcrewstthe Starts* stater, who murdered their officers for the asks af ths BBonoy on hoard far ths purposes of tea voyage.A nsdorfeus bandit, named Francisco JeUes, whs ha1 escaped frcm th* fell of Ouso Pfedrss, snd whs had m* tnroedtotha tiandssoneof thecrew af tbe.brig I V Merrrtt, which vessel arrived stthe Slst c.t, ww retognaad by the police of that etty asd ariesleu Therewaafouadfehtapotsotetasapocktiboolt, In wh*ct wss a tist of the Barnes of petama he tatassad to rob, end acother of estates to which he intended to eet fireIt wss hte Intention, tt spsesrs, to t lace htmae-f at tht head ot a gang of kandtts. Great credit it due tht poBc4 of Mautrwas tar having arrested h'.m.Reoetatty a genttsman was m a by hlgbwaymea aav tbe tagar estate of Santa Mara, close by Cardenas; they robbed bint of the borne he rode and of nine onset* taher fast.That the Great Eastern will avail herself of wind aawell as steam, the masts of which we have spoken, are athe miten mast, are made of hollow wrought iron, the siaxdiBg rigging o f iron wire rope, a n d t h e targe shrouds of tba material are eight aad a halfh er trial trip. On tb eafternoon forwardof th e funnel,tnchts inand lanyards, or right and left screw lanyards have t>eencircumfereaoe.T h eordinarydead eyesmany places divided Into two stories by an Intermediatetioir, giving two tiers of state rooms between the tw o electric light at the masthead. On starless nights tbe ef- was exposed to the fury of one of the most terrific galeshopes to occupy fireproof godowns, situated on the w a -seemorgasiiatioBgoingonIntheCherokeenation,sad that u was among the full blood Indians alone. We are informed by good authority that the organization tagror- Ing and extending daily, and that no half or attend bteei Indian to taken tato tha secret organisation tassAriet- est tecrecy a observed, and tt a oeath, by ths order, to divulge the object of the society. They hold ri"*tags ta the ttichets, and ta every secret ptace. to inmate mem bets," bat wuhoU giving s n y tangible rtssss far tha movtmeLk It yubaequ*ntly appears, from later advtoas, thatihtaisansatislaverymovement,forto*subjugation of eleven ta the Cnerokee aatton ana the borders of Ar- kansas, put on foot by Bev. Evan Jones, a Northern Bap- tat ausaatary.aad a candidate for a hempen Batter, which he probably has received ere tha 14B*, « I* Jean Brown.It appears that the B-v Mr. Jonas has been it the habit af entering tato arguments with his bearerstortht purpose of conv erttag them to a belief fe ehottttotawa, te en essential part ef tbe ChntUen relit am, aad aim Is the wickedness of savory-contending that u wasaotapoh tical (ucatioa, bat a moral oae Me a a o preached a ser monal tbe same camp saeetAag canleading ttatatavsry wasasin,snd that thestavewould appear againsttab master, at ths grant Day s f Jodgmsnt, belore the bar ofia any sea so Ignorant of passing events.)dcrdrecl>en and hts Flyiwg Dutchman would not be a ctr cunutaxc'-. to i tOlFICfcRS *NI> OREW.The i.real Eaetern wil be commanded by CaptainTmehail. T h e other officers a t e a chief offlaer, chier engineer, twelve sailing officers, sixteen subsrdinateingarapidtriptothisportISASBAXr* A . BRUNEI., T H E DE3IONKR O F THE QKXAT XASTXBM.Wss born at Portsmouth, ia the year 1908, where bisfather, tbe illustrious French {engineer, who died inwaa engaged ia constructing the manufactories of dock pulleys. While very young b e w a s sent to France. where he wss a student in the College of Caen, and oa his return, from 1828, be wss employed in the opening of thetagesthaportolleraforwhalerstocallforoutfitsandre- pairs.We bave here a good shipyard, with European mecha-nics and labor; spars, lumber, iron work, <vc are very1reasonable, being a oat one-third in price as compared tothe parts of Shanghae or Hong Hong.'At the bottom of the bay, where there Is soft mudosnks, ships can be hove down or grounded for repairswithout the slightest injury.Fresh provisions ana vegetables of every description<<#t Nntnber of main traverse bulkheads or waterRojal Society of London stone 1890, and was also con nectedwiththelnttituteofCivilEogiseers,with the Socfety of Arts, the Astronomical Societies sad the Goologi8,it/.6sieach.nearlyforty yean ta Ptugbkeeeate. Mr.Wbttneyhas hadteachildren,forty-s«vt«graadchlldna, eightyssvaa great granccbiklrea, snd six great great rrandchiidre*. He wss en* of th* most respected mtixeat of Pwagnkeap ate. and was honored by ad who knew him for sds ho-, "I • ngltudmal bulkheads running fore aad aft at aTobey > aato the liverswarmed upon the water thick, as tiles upon a summer s fay;efmyavailablestandpointwasseisedupoa,asmthsWhen the Crattus, withboats besvily laden with human freightsengers, and the vibrations from being at all felt by the a .'aeachsideoftheengineroomsIsatunnelthroughnation.Thewidthofthedeckiaeightyfourfeet,wider,gettingclearofonedangeronlybyfallingintoanother gold.Insixbearsa'tertberobberythehorsewastethewhich the steam and water pipes will be oasrted, and also rail*for ecocemv.nglaborIntheconveyanceofcoal The bertha of the erew are forward, below tbe forecastle,as we bave said ttan the mam artery of our city. The captain,standingamidships,willboobligedtouseatele scope to tee what 14 gotng on at the bow and stern/andAa soon as tbe danger was over aflightof carrier pigeons was sent up simultaneously from ship and shore to tele gra; h tie welcome news and spread it through ths laud.Built in I860.—Length 680 feetCOMrutATnirmosNSioHsOFTHIKSTKJ3iKTArivs sTTKAatXhS.pessessioa of the chat police officer of the dkttriet, and ta twenty six boars after the rob eery the htghwaymea men arrestauatafond*satinghousetaCardenas TbJsatr eamstsnee proves the pence of this island ens be,atKB. wtnt towerteg above the surrounding houses, untillb*wholelookedtikeagreatImpregnablecitadel.PlatewhichittoIntendedtoappropriatetotheoill-era.Belowthattimehonoredmediumforconveyingorders—the ItaasingularcircumstancethatthesamemaswhocountryWoolwich, tbe only other point about which anxiety was toy;»teaswehavesaid,tedriretbyrlret,andsot:,e ibeberthsoftbeseamenaretwoenormouscevttitsfor speakingtrumpet—wouldhavenomoreChanceofbeing felt,waspassedsafelyandwell,and°dtenallthedangerthey please, aa smart as their fellows ta anyw.>iapTC|Ttaaedfromhourtohour,boadaytoday, caigo.ofwhichb,CC0tonscanbemrried.betilescoal heardateitherendthanaboyspennywhistleInastorm ofrivernavigationwasatanend.Shedidnotreachbuiltthefirsttransatlanticsteamshipshouldalsohare ThereweretathepublichospitalofStJnaadtIMege rJullt this last aad greatest srasnaen of naval architecture, during last montn twent; two oases of yellow fever, egtl and that be > h vessels should be so closely shiedt o name— of whom were aieeherged cured, seven died and sevenr i ".-. #tek to week, from rnoa'b to month, and from year to , -»r tbeae platen are three quarters ef an inch thick, andiberlT'tobywhichtheyareknitteltogetherareetcn aa *acb In dameier It was a strange tight to watch ite pr.r^st of tbe huge Teasel, an! lo beholl what ap I* »• e-i at tint to be two walls of iron, assume the ahapoly pf»j. .ioBS of aahtj) Tbe sharp ring of tbe hammers w,.• d« 1 by hundreds of workmen a t they closed up the rrj t i rlreta that tbune in the black mass like stirs to tha ebon rautt, struck upon the ear la one ceaseless din. So J to the work progressed, the great structure exciting the woader of the civilized world and the speculaiire co- r.o»*> of those who measure the character ot ererythmghv tr.« profit tad less ace untTH« LAUNCHING OF THE BW 8bIr.(t baa neea stated that the big s:tp was constructed at kttiwsJt^oB the east bank o f the Thames, a n d from this fact it aught be imagined Hat, tha waa tha widest part of •ftberiver;batthaasatso,estbethasneeatthispotat ta probably cat more Uiaa a thousand feet aaroaa, whiletbe i. real i ttiern a nearly seven hundred fee: ia length. The ordinary style of launching, therefore, would be out c!ttequestiontohercase,endsoItwasdecidedbyUt. Krubt I that -he should go into the water sideways Tbe aGtxn.ecemeat that s h e would b e launched o n to* *d of Kevember, 1467, created the greatestenough for the royago to Australia, making about as many toss more.We have BMnttoaed tbe division of the vessel into Leo separate compartments, but besides this the is divided into three ether parts by two walls of iron, each or which is sixty feet high, extending longitudinally from tbe bottom to tbe upper deck. The middle division eon tales the boilers, tbe engine rooms and the saloons, each of which rises oae above the other, while the lateral di visions are used as coal buakers, above which are placedTo naet this circuity a telegraphic apparatus is placed inthe captains cabin, by means of which h a orders arecommunicatedwithlightningspeedtoeverypartoftbe anchorintheriver,bridgingitacrossassheswungr, matnt-d te tbe hospital on tbe Ut at the present meats the one the <;rest Western, tbe other the Great Kastern, It mutt be remembered that the poor keep their sfek traade cab-ci and berths.P isfiKh<aJtacconatoaATiONH- CABINST H SS*LOOKSANDXothlrg has beea ltft undone to render the passenger aorommodaticns ia erery way worthy of the magni- tude and character o t t h e vessel. The great amount of space at the daposti of the buildar has beea admirably arranged, sod al: the state apartments are fitted up with a view not only to the comfort and con1825—Enterprise, built expressly to go to Tndta, coaling at inte mediatee egacce aad luxury. There are tea saJooas altogether— fire on the upper and lire on tbe lower deck—the length varytogfrcmsixtytoseventyfeet Thesesaaoossbare mere the appearanse of a grand fpabbc hail thsn of an immense apartment oa board a vessel. In fact,itIs almost i mpouible to realize while walking through oae ofraised a n d lowered a s occasion requires, b y t h e engines fixed on board for pumping hoisting rata and weighing anchor or anchors, we should say,for sheis furnahedwiihten.which,with theirstocks,weigh65toss,sndrequireSCOfathomsofchain cable, weighing 98 tons; her capstan s a d warp weighing HO tons, making in all S&S tons of sppUancee for makingship, and the largest Iran shipthen projected 180S—Himalaya,lionshipfortheMedi-veetel, while semaphore aims by day and colored lampsbroaxfside to tie stream. The next morning she gotThefirstwasbuiltin18S8,thelasttwentyyearslater. qoeBtlyoutofthehospitaluntiltheretatittleorsohspe of their recovery, asd teas send them to th* hospital teby night axe asel to signal his ejections to the ctllcers- under way asd resumed her progress down the river. The deck Is double or cellular mace, after tbe p a n receiving from every craft she met or passed, whetherThe dwpai ity In their dimensions illustrates the progress that has been made in. shipbuilding within that scare of years. The length of the cne was 236 feet, and its breadth 8a>;. The length of the other a 680 lest, sad its breadth 83. The Great Western waa in iu day almost ss great a marvel as the Great Eastern a now, although tt wss sot more thsn one-third the length of the modern monster.Length Bread*.Feet.save funeral charges there were nine c*»s of yellow fever ta Dr. Wilson's hospital tost mo- Ih, of w o n twa were Americans, but I am happy to s e a mere wss* a t deaths There were also teveial cases of yellow ft wer ta prlvste practice tact month, bat ths weather smiths, COB tinueo steadily dry since that period, wtth the exsepiea ofoa*day(6thlast),whenttrainedfromaboutmsndas ustil the evening, aad there being very few UBB-oilman*! person* ta our midst, Yellow Jack has for the BOBS* taken departure from our midstTits Qaarmmtlme Investigation. FurB BTJXTINO o r THS SOASD.The Board ot Qusrantina (Xsmmfeiioaars resumed taatr station yesterday morning at ten o'clock.Mr- Joasaov presented the clataas of oae or two others, and at the same time made reference to these ef Or. Thompson and Dr. Waller—the former amounting to 919,600,sndthetatterto87,300.of the 8nttacia tubular bridge, and it formed of two half inch plates at the bottom, and two half inch pates at the top, between which are webs running the whole length of the ship. It has been so planned as to be of iu bstrength that tf It were taken 'Pby itstwo extremities, and the entire weight the vessel Is ever to carry were hucg upon itt middle, it would sustain the wboto by its unaided powers of resistance.She carrks twtnty large boats on deck, and in addition to these she carries suspended aft of her paddle boxes end swung oa davits, two screw steamers one hundred feet iong snd between sixty and seventy tons burthen. These steamers are at all times ready for sea, and fitted with every requisite for embarking and landing passen-native or foreign Dutch steamer or Sngushfishingsmack, indications of hearty admiration and good wUl Herstatute milts, was accomplished ia fifty eight minutes Iiuring the trip the Great Eastern was skilfully handled by Captain Harrison and Mr Atkinson, a well known river pilot The ngmes were managed by Scott Russell. and Captain Comstock directed the steering by Mr. Lang- ley's apparatus.Ontbesthsheleft the Nore ataquarterpastnine1. at , and at three P at. was off Dover, expecting to reaoh suiUctectguarantee Thesemasts,wuhtheexceptiono tneharborofPortland,tai>oreetahire,earlyonthemorn- ing df tbe 10th, from which place she was to startoa9th.which had been introduced on the ground of econo- my in heat and to keep the heat of the funnels from ths cabin, exploded with terrific force, blowing the funne; into the air and tearing to pieces the grand saloon and lower deck cabins, through which the funnel pasaed, and otherwise doing great damage to the internal fittings.Theclaimof th*Cammbakaersoffiavgratioawasthen presented by Mr. J. E. Devebn and Attorney General My era.Thefirmwitness sworn was Dr Dantel W. Baaei, erhs was. at the time of the riot, pbysioan in chief to the Ma- rineHut-pita,onthe Wand Hewssenmlesd by At toiney OtneraJ Meyers, and testified that much property was ceatroyel by tbe firs. He tpectOed a number ef eruciet, wtth the value he escribed to each Tne wkete iaim amounted to 926,(00.Mr BSAMSV entered an object^w to th* claim ef the Commaasoneni of Kmigration, oa the ground tout rt was ahobeingurgedinthe8upre«neCourt,and it was can trary totawforthesame case to be tried by twa tri bunals at the same time. The Board of Qdtrsn-ine Ctmmrsrioners wss possssned of judical aatkenty timttar to that of the Court of Appeaa and a isfaadtti bad the rlgbt totesietthat a case should be tried ta tbe court in which It was commencedThe case was argued to some extent The cross exam! nation of Dr BsaeTl by Mr. Brsdiy elicited the feet that tbe values ascribed by the Doctor to tbe article* which be bad mentioned as having beea destroyed were merely aa own opinions, and that ta reality be knew very tittle about ihtmThe examination was adjourned until Monday morning, atteno(tost.Another Jsata Brews Raid la Proas*aw Uvt.ABOI.IIlOMfTS AT WORl IN T H * CHEBOK1E SAVIOR.We published a lew days since a paragraph from ths the bay, and in about six months from thi-. we are in Fort Smith (Arkansas) l\mu, stating that 'there was sGravehend, however, as calculated upon, that day, for the tide turned, and the Great Eastern had to come toprogress resembledrather a trip, and seemed,triumphal procestrial a samid b ywaving of th e stirringa feed pipe casing iuth eSix firemen lost their lives and several were scaldelo'clock yesterday siteraoos, as the up txpremlarge number of one hundred and twelre furnaces. The The pradple dimensions, calibre of the machinery aad work, the establishment of the Conway and Brttanna of tbe sweet liquors and wines are used by the Jtpanest tween Tarrytown and Irnogton, on the Hu Btvwrfuel intended tobe used a anthracite coal. lbs funnels general accommodation of tha truly colossal specimenoftubuar bridges, for which recourse had to be had to thereunionsofthemosteminentengineersottheday. air Brunei also equally applied himself to the construe Hon of vessels and steam machines. It was he who launched the Great Western, the first colossal steamer thai has traversed ths Atlantic, and tt wss he, also, who constructedthsUviathan—theGreatrsatern~themon- sterofthesass,whichhasjustbsenlaunchedupontheRailroad, the engineer observed a ma* wa'xmg track,butasbewuapontbeoppositeonetothai upoa which the train wss, no signal of danger arm s*«mnry. Just aa tbe train arrived nearly opposite him heareaboutonehundredfeetinheight,measuringfromthe Soar of the botiert to thp top of the funnels.genius,enterpriseandIndustry,aressfollows:—Length between the perpendiculars680 feet 0B2 reet 83feei 120feet68 feet 140feet 8 reet 400feet90tons steamexaminationunderthe"MerrsntieBannaAct" Co;eegarato8>talagtea.r»yt*Watt.stows.Ciston than ahats .movediheers that rent the sir , the stately ship passed on, learicgGravesend behindher,andmakingtortheseawater.St Chapman's Head the tugs were east oft, and the levia-than was left to shift for herself. Ia bar voyage downthe river the paddle engines had never beea moved atgreater speed than from four to six revolutions per minute,andthescrewfromtwelvetoeighteen.AtseaI?.:o—Tsgus,fortheMediterranean....182 •Mi she a intended to work twenty-five pounds of steam; the 1888—Sirius, tbe firm steamer thatitIn tha connection it may be interesting to note the pro- gressive advance made ta the axe of steam vessels for ths last thirty years —crossed the Atantic paddleengineswillmakefourteenrevolutionsperminute, 1828—GreatWestern,firstshipbuiltex-ISO. *30and the screw fifty three. Her run from Lower Hope pressly for Atantic passage... realeeoeeftheiroccupants,buttoaetyieoftbegreatestgersaadlufgageonthewharforpier.TheyarePointtotheNoreLightShip,adistanceoffifteen1844—GreatBritain,firmlarge>crew» (aptNelson,theydidnotthinsitcouldbeabstained.1849,Date. Name ami Descriptinn. J'itt.staiioos lit 27terranean 18f6—Persia, iron ship1866—Adriatic 1S60—Great Eastern, iron. 370 300 s&4 680latertatlnc fromFSA/AB A CO.'S NAGASAKI CIBCCLAB—THE (TRBKN-CY yrMTIOK CAXIFOBHtA FOTATOXS KUSKD IN1 .IATA -.NAGASAKI, Japan, March 26, I860. Since our last report business hat been more brisk, and produce from the interior has come forward free'y, but the unsettled state oi the currency still impedes extensivetransactions in imports or exports.The lapanete government are rapidly filling in in frontof the foreign godewne, snd out into the deep water ofandareNoterentedf-y(AtJspaneaeeapraaiyfur theMMaf itkalets and the ihiffing.to run more than one risk, especially in 1998, whan overfix • undred reet of water broke through the opening.snd he was carried away by the force of the currentaad east safe and sound upoa the bank, la theyear 1888 he w ss appomtet Engineer of the GreatWestern Railway, and directed all the appliances of perfeet art to that line and its branches, among which thebridges of Maidenhead. Chepstow and Ihamsr may be market Prussian blue is inquired for, and prices for old Jones wss out of tbe way asd their pay takes from them,cloths are i s good demand, the tatter payiag a a advance on Shanghae prices of 6 a 8 mace per piece, Shaaghae currency. Quicksilver a in good demand s n d more tathta country, O d John Brown scenes nitt be agate eaaot- ed on a tarfa scale. Meat of the Indians who are preach em uader Jens* me abarttahats only for ash* tannest- If13 f t , 8 la great ocean, aitjr so much labor, expense asd trouble Beeswax—Vz. 26-,, per pecul. Seaweed—Large No. 1. gine with the intention of commating suKta*.g '.'.' 12 feet g " TOfast OOfeet412 7DuimgihelastwarwithRussbrtawas chargedwiththe its. 80a81- Mushrooms-No. 1,lte-67a09. Mnglsss— Scfiaa DsATttor TSS OLMCW RSSJDSSI or PtKM>sxnsr its. 67 a 68. Vermicelli—Irx 9 ^ . Ffeh maws—Its. 90 a cm—Mr. Eias Wbttney, tne okteta icmdaat ef Paughkeepca! and Geographical Societies. He received the Cross ofuiatanc*of3i>feetapartforalengthof350feet 7 theL»gontfHonoratthehandsofKingLouisPhilippe. morningreachedEamNewark,twolittlegirts,agedabout nesty,justiceaadtruth.Width cf space between tba twoskins of ship 2 feat 10 iu1 seven or eight years, were dawsrrered by the sofjaeer wtukioghandtahandacrossthetrack,ashortcatatce in advance Of the approaching ears. He sounded theThe padsle ragtags are l^OCO horse power, aad thetcrew engines of 1,000 hsrsa power giving a total of2.6*0 horse power, at a pressure of 9ft lbs.; though, or BulkheadsIroBdeek, ii Bassswary, they ens work to a force of ap Plates of iioo used in the construction of tbe hull 30 0C0 fhsmes to Portland, and died a short time afterwards kankir ent, and attempted to crass the track dtsganaRy deUars a cifered m soother • o+uttfl, bewaged to jars.T J 3 COlUtASTDtTR O r T B B O B I AT EA&TnCkX.areadapted forworking regularly Tocarrycoslaadsargo. ...18,000tons CsptenJohnVtasHall,wtohasbees selectedforths Oneofthemwssthrown beneath the toocmotivsand deadly presmwertod,sndabovetarnateearalawssthnaafthadevp.db*a aftapreesureaftwentylivepounds,thoughtheyareper'Qcsatttyofcoalwhichcanbecarriedforvoy- highlyresposafelepotationafcommandingthsGreatBasttram,whichpetardoverher,estog,howeverBOappa-koiidaytowakegoodtnel Ithtlauneiaionofthaweight Dtaughtof water,lafuaDa. lightAccoamsdaUon far psssingsrs,stmtefesa. . . . 800 Accommodation for passengers, second clam. .3,000 Asosehttsdnta* for passengers, third clam ... 1,200cam*oftheirdepart'!re.!**« AI 9fiA?Mm<wm, hunt*-- The Five Mite Haass, etOakHill,Scarborough,Maiae,ooBopatdbyMr.GeergeB IStiky, togttter wtth tht bara.grapery, a vataabte t«ree sxd cow, aad aM tbe furniture m the hams, waa e t atreied by fire anoot twelve o'clock en Header tost T S S hrs'muthewar*afen tacsadtary.TnetaadlyofMr. Bailey h*raly eacaped ta tiseb ntgbt electing. Mr B. wasAocesmeda'.ioB for passengers, troops slash Numb. ro* anchorsWeight cf anchors, enisles, Ac4,000 10.0COlafeet6inches SOfoet MfeetEastIndiasndtheGeneral Screw SteasasbippingCamp* Bies. Hurusghaaarvtoe with the! attter he commanded thesteamersCrtetus andGolden tteeoe, tbeformerof which was burned st Cfenon, snd ths latter wss engaged ta the Aottrttiaa trade, being cne o" the finest sterna be lettingtothecompany. JcsephBodseyCroakey,**tq,towntheemhsnkmsnt, sadwasinjuredisttefacefrom the night temple downwarft, aad w a s instantly killed. The twobodies were placed aid*byaidecathagram. The tarente c f tbe chiidren, attracted by the stoppiag ef the ; rain snd tbe outpouring ot the psswengers, approach ed the around atonrty and m entire ignorance or what had hssypened,butwhentheyweresnprhmdofthefactata ths case txry gave vent to tbeir feelings by tht wildestUntitled DocumentAs the seven o dock tram from Rahway yesterdayU wer Ootaaist sasidhsmpton, wss si th-s tin.-* President of ssxiamateta snd sobs. Th* mother of ss* of tbe fit> trvf rely burred tc eraeavwrtog to eave kta btrrwa.968 toss the company On the formation of the liondoa and Med. eats craki hardly be restratasd from dstsg notensw to bntlr•jtxe cetroved war* vaiaed fe 9X600 A y*wsa ""*Japan.S b6143 K 46 30 8336 XTbe Btatd announced that ta ths matter of tha eJaim sfExports—Tea—Tha article a increasing ta demand, aad alargelyexportediwequoteforNo.1 green,UxekoosIIs22; Ne. 2 green and back, itaeboos 15 a M per pecul of133 pouncs English. Rawtuk—No. l.tu., 7 a " ii percatty. Copper—But tittle In the market at present, tra rately stepped ta front of the engine, which threw htm Nomina' power ttvaabtr ef cy tinders1 0C0 horsesThe rasteagert were cnaiirsoas '.vtt* c?.e >Bthat ths sngteur >;o.I* oat Bars z-evsatei tie *** tec»*Br-:p4*FAMsIS at'j.SSH.u 'isieaa Steam Navigator Ccmraay ke waa made U»<:r keraetf.Thom130694as M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkteastai tvper^t:u^ent, whtcb office he held until bia aswww.fultonhistory.com•.'.*• 