 I tthen aaya—"The tadtguatton awakened b y t h e of the meanswhich were practised by your to carry Into effect an enterprise wbich will b e in -plainedbyrayingthatafter theMormon battalion were discharged after the Mexican war, some went Into Col. Suter's employment, and while digging a race for the con-na Awmuc*.*, asm srasrss* JUVAI. orricnas SSHTIVB w> ran carrcae o*_j n i u i sraanaa*.TheWMoi atetb.J»TMp»l!>•*«•tathecoma" B<tirwii c n - f " Jerv» sad "** Speatish and 4Mr. Gitats-I hope not.n (ViaKtaro-vus-ieuw T e W M * l " . "fi* *' * ? * ** respective om. rode Committee' He replied that he had not The comIt is objected to this motion, that the 6th sec. of tl e oflawbytbeMormons,andoftheirhavinginstigatedthe sitottona*. 1heConstitutiondeclares,art.Ssec16,thatlITeaeta*toecastureeedM « ltotheUnitedStates SuiTrTltiiemon re***- C*ptata Jarvto'answer to laew totters end p s * * * * * ^ * * * . M Itoeaatattored *• .bete masterasto * • * » - B * * • sownmeat »ftermitteeinformedhimthattheybaddecided tofilehislet- ters to Mr. Haskta during the Leoompton question,and therefore desired the letters ta his poseosmon from Haskin tobefltod,whichwasaccordinglydone. Thewholecoris continued 1 wtoh to move an ameadm ;uu Mr.0nxx»—Ishall objecttotne motion.Indianstotbecommissionofcrimes,andmadetreaties with them. %Mr. Bourn, the delegate from Utah, said some of these charges emanated from a most infamous source, Judge Drummond,whotooktoUtahafemale,nothiswife,andto Liivate cr cca ail which may be passed by tbe Le- KMa ' re:, shall contain mor>; than o a s subject, and that shall be expressed ta the title. The title of the act ta question is '-an act to authorize the Supervisors of theth*miwri•*•»1-*ltIf#w **••*••Thetouar<»**• aasmuad*? of OMSpanish brig pro- respondeace will be rend ta oommlttee to morrow. It M discufs these resolutions upon that motion.^ m*(iff*"**aadlendingoftbesteamersto decidedlyunique. ,*ens********enys:-I shan't do a thing. What does the gentleman mean* Mr.Gaxxx—ImeanthatyouarenotInorder,andIcil!upon the presiding officer to enforce tbe rules. Mr.BaxjAMin—Verywell,thenaddressyourself toteprssidicg officer.Mr GHXXX—Ido,sir.aga'utt the peaceable citizen of the Territory. Mr.MfCixxxAKT), (dem.) of111, wished to knowon what authority Mr. Hooper said Judge Drummoad appear-edontbejudicialbenchwithacourtesan?Mr. HOOPSB—From tbe knowledge of sightseeing. I sawitmyself. (laughter.) Mr.SIMSwishedtoknowwhetherornotItwaatruethatfti st s i d second secttoss authorize the Supervisors to raiseafpeciBciumbytaxtobeappliedtocertata objectsand , uij.o-'t which are named in the act. The third section au<buii»aihemtodirecttheComptrollertoissueravenne tionas to .an amount sufficient io pay any juigxtoat cbia.i(o»gansttbecity,otherthanthosemammae'!a.-i provided torintbesecondsection,andtosatisfyclaims oi membtis of the police force tor back pay or arrear- age* of salary, snd to raise by tax the next succeedingHjlfcitrf of th* great Spanish nation, to which I gJrrtoi«te»*tef>**<*tbehighhonor ofbeingborathe Mpaorter of na untarnished renown, now impose on me jjjl'anafsd<taty°**r**M*tngailtbertewicontainedla—«t—ulnlr- referred to,siftthemandmakeclearIM dark **1 tortuous course manifested id the act or-ran PACIFICKAiLnoaD.The Boose Select Committee have agreed to report aPacificRailroadbillonthe following plan ^location,as proposedbyColonelCurtis,namely: Startingfromtwo potats—oneenthe westernborder[ofMissouri,andtbe other oh the western border of town, with two oonrergMr.BKHJAXU—1wasgoingontosay,whenIwasin- terrupted in a manner somewhat discourteous, which i will leave to tbe Senate—I was going on to say that I obthe Mormons declared war against the United states, whether tbey do not acknowledge the church as tbe onlyr oond*Iterably eraned, can he equalled only by that are-•tjd by the lawless attempt to legalise the capture of this Tew*), t h e Imrnedtois deUvery o f which w a n required at joa. Tbeae tre—arwln— are to public and notortoue,the aationa which are be worthily represented on thin an eborisg ground, that I shall find in them the mist Imper- ialwitness**totales*alltheex*****committedbyyon, ssleas, in Jest vlndicst»oo of the law of netious, (ftey shall hare already proteated againat the •etbreak by which yoe set It at defiance W.th>iit stopping to retake the argument in rapport of the legality of ta* unprecedented act which yea find In t h e contradiction between the ehip'a pap-jrs and the number of the erew and tbe proofs, more or lees,mAettnt of her having brought cannon and small arms, I laeUcontent myself with relating to yea that eren if ana tad breaghi ar ttoles ooatreband of war on tne Mexican amst, which t* tbe ataacet yea COBM euoceed in provsug, %wasnotthebentacaaoftheUnitedStatesforcestoex laiae in tbe matter, nor had they authority to try the rem*. On the other banJ, from this plane the Ameri- san merchant Teasel Ware la continually seen brtag- tag arms, troopa a n d saihtary supplies, which pass aswre your watcbJul and ready eyes, hat so far it hasoccurred to yon to place the slightest im- it in bar way. For ail these reasons, ithrow upon yon the terrible responsibility of tbeWASHHOTOX, April *, I860. acres for homesteads, which was enough for all in tb-' covery. On returning to Utah tbey took revenue bonds are to issue on it, a n l the amount toawrel force which these reasons gree me, and because it • tssealy force at present at m y dwpesal, against the caviare of Marques de Habana and her being sent withpmasert to the porta of the United State*,a the nwanttme, reporting the matter to m y govern-In Mi enlightened judgment will adopt such as a may deem most expedient to wipe off the .IUBHVOQmayhavo offered it,and for which yonww bare * repent. VICTORIO SAURSS. Gsyt Jervls repbes to thy protest an foUows :—I (ball sot attempt to quote the law of nations to justifyacts, as the tiibonals o f my country will shortly d e&Tbe ewBrnander of the Spanish brig writes to Captain jarra,»addeiuestobemfornwlifabeborethoSpaniah tag etas captnred, and whether there wore found on beard deenmento that aceredMod this nationality, to wit:the refls and patent tamed b y Spanish authorities; be- osass n the case they must haTO been despatched by a fsnettoBary of her Catholic MajestyCapt JarvM replied, that "upon STsmtastttm of tbe pa-pen refemd to, there w a s great discrepancy betweenthem and what is actually the case. Her papers statedthatshebadnognns.andthecrewandpassengerstaallwets bat thirty-nee, whereas 1 have received from hersaidbeovrhttodo.Idonotliketovotefortbereference tbepubliclanes. Thepassageofthebillwouldbethe stitniiou01ireUnitedStates,am)thereforeitwasthe froni one of the city eewers, the mouth of the se >•.er being of tbe resolution if that implies censure upen the officer. abandoiutnt of the revenue and also an expense ti- duty of Coigr 8« to repeal it Murder, rapne and other so situated. The case, wbich was eminently one to be Still, I make that motion. the government, and it would be better to give crimes were penitrated by authority of that so called tried by a jury, was retericd. by the written consent ofsixty-three. She saw had cannon and small arms.''TheSpanishommaadantwritesagaintoCaptainTur- Suchbeingtbecase,oughtitnottobeaselectcommittee*ner, again niniaslisi against the departure of the Teasel tetbe United States.The issswaawnst of the French squadron, f A. Boyer, aearessesalettertoCom.Jartis.inwhichhesays— "Daring the night of the 6th two steamers, whose natioa- atsy 1 am n o t acquainted with, were anchored at Anton User do. a roadstead within t h e jurisdiction o f t h e Mexi tea republic. F o r reasons o f wbich I am Ignorant yon directed an expeo. iton to miss the strange steamers, which •eject was ttl*ct«xl. An act of this nature may cause greatand ought I to be refused the poor privilege o f having a n investigation because it is an officer of the government whose conduct Is to h e Investigated rMr. WMJKALLreplied that Texas could please ber own fancy. She had a right to do what she pleased with her ownproperty,togiveittoamsssionarysociety,topub-Bftjnwiee to French commerce b y stopping its Teasels, for opinion. He made the report conformable to tb e opinionit may be aftprabenstre of net fading a sufficient protec ban against tbe agxreastons of American vessels. In this affair tbe Mexican authorities, atone bad the right if necessary to d«tain within its territorial Jarhviietion the two vessels in question, 1 owe it, therefore, to my dutyandto my dignity, to protest against an act which I con aider illegal, which violates the rights of neutrals, and wbich I •hall hastento convey to the knowledge of tbe Emperor of tbe French.'Commander Oarvis replied to thin by expressing hto deep regret that the French ownmender deemed it bin duty to address such a letter, so far transcending the bounds of courtesy. *i n ADMSSBOX OP KA.VS.tS UITO THB CX10X.The admissioa of Kansas into the Union is the next ouetuoa entitled to oonstderaiiou in tbe House, and tbe damotmon of tbe democracy, and some of the republi- cans, at sot to debate the subject in that body. It Is asseited that one reason of this desire la to get tbe ques- tionIntothesenate,wherethePreaidecUaicandidates »warm, to put them on tbe record. Mr. Douglas seems to be tbe principal target at which this action la aimed. B e declares b e shall vote to admit Kansas into tbe Union, upon the application of her people, under the Wyandotof the highest law officer in this government: and because behasdonethat,totheexerciseofhisduty,beatar- raigned before tbe Senate of tbe United States by resolu- tions reflecting upon bis official character, and expressing the opinion that be ought to be removed from office. PriTate claimants against this government, because a n officer acting under tbe opinion o f t b e Attorney General reports adTersely, come here and ask the Senate of tbe I'niteU States to entertain a proposition reflecting upon tbe integrity of dh officer. If it were net for tbe verygreat respect I bare for the Senator from Missouri, I would move an indefinite postponement of the case, or until the 5tb of March next. I won't do that; but I do say that, as this claim was raised in an alleged breach of contract for carrying tbe mails, the Post Office Committee is tbe proper refe- rence.Thedeparture of the California Pony Express hist even-was adoptee, that tbe President be requested, if in his ing wsa delayed two hours by tbe detention of the New by the plaintiff, and will be enabled to show tnat tbe prtnthey can get him t o make his record thus*, that it will b e a weapon in their bands againat him a t Charleston, tnas muchasitwillbeavielatienoftbelawoftheKagliah bill,upon which they still take their staid.electedpublicPrinters, whointendonlytoselljutto sssaa practoca. woraman and poc&et tbe proceeds, ren- dering so sarvwe whatever therefor. It is also allegedthat the present system A oorruptliig In i n tendentae*.'' This sadden vutue of Mr. Wendell M tne result M two ibtogs—first,be knows bettor than any one else that •be snseat House Frinter d id n o t get elected Printer at bast to sell <xt t j Mr Wendell; and second, that .by ad"turned to Ohio on account of illness. Ho is a ct ntiemt-u of high character, and I soggest to the Senator to let the resolutions lay over, to that 1 can make some inquiries. I assure him Governor Medill will meet a n y investigation, anywhere and beflsV any committee. There will not be fouso a stain upon bis character.Mr. i.BXKs—I will reply to tbe Senator.VT. PCOH—If the Senator will let it go over I will call It ap at any time.Mr. GRXXN—He was not away when the resolutions were offered. 11 now what I say, and no man can contra Cict it Before he left a copy of these resolutions was sent to him and be read them. 1know what I say, and no msn can contracict— that no person is taken by surprise. Ibis has been a straightforward, fair dealing process fromtbebeginninguptothepresenttime.Whenthis r< solution was prepared, and I put it in the shape 1 thought leastobjectionable,acopywassentanddeliveredtohim, aed before he left it was introduced into this Semite, and be left yesterday evening, as I am informed.air. BAY AKI>, (dem.) of Del—My impression M just tbe contrary. He left at six o'clock in Jhe morning-Ahctber tbey may have hope for protection.Mr. SHEXKAX, ( r e p ) of Ohio, remarked that thir amendment proposed an appropriation of one million otdollars. It were better that tbe bid should bu defeated and the new one introduced rather than that the Scnat*- ebould load it down with irrelevant amondm-'atsaa<1 make it a special order.Tbe Bouse by seven majority refused to make it the special order for Tuesdaylire surrRsswox OFPOLTOAXY a CTAHTbe House tben resumed the consideration of the Aulitoken on linen, prepared for the purpose in IndeliblPtnx and carefully sealed. Water proof copies are thus for warded to different potato in order to guard against any chance of delay or miscarriage.ATCHISON,April4,liBO. Tiie Pcnv Express to San Francisco made tbe tlrst 46 miles to KinekuKa ta five hours and ten minutes, thepony showing no signs of fatigue.Muider tm Newark.NSWARK, April 4,1S90.Trials. l E d , p . 7.) In view of tbe facts submitted on the part ot tbe Comptroller, and of the manner in which the cause was defended, I think we are called upon to interpose for the protection of the Interest of the city, and1shallthereforedirectthatthejudgment besetaside and a new trial ordered.A ranrnint o x ran paorruto ucasnoa. Mr. Cornelius Wendell, finding h e caonet b eelected Printer of either Hiuse of Congress, issues a phamplet, and pots a copy ta poestmion of each Cougrtaasman, as- sarting that tbe present system, of wucn he has been the pnniipal operator and beaeudiary for years, does notappeartohave mettheexpecuuoos ofitsfriends. Be says, "It is alleged, with what degree of truth others are as well informed as myself, that political partlaana arePolygamy bill.Mr. Kxrrr, (dem.) o f 3. C , characterizedCharltt Brtuh ts.' The Mayor, <te.—Tbe qj.*sti>ns otlaw involved in this motion have been decided to the commonwealth's Justices of the Supreme •',icrt, thebring up thus question improperly I must repel what he say aMr. STAMU.N, (rep.) of Ohio, move.1 that tbe subject i>e wards* the Golden State. The return courier should thorities. "Error," he says, "is the strict right of tbe par- made tbe special order for Tuesday. arrive here on Ffflay next, April IS. when ty relylrg upon the legal correctness of the Court, but Mr. RXAGAN, (dem.) of Texas, sail early action should tie advises be brings wi'.l be promptly forwarded to the motions to avoid verdicts take a wider rang;, for the Associated Press. AB telegraphic despatches for this most part addressed to the discretion of the Judge, uponMr. PfaH—This resolution was offered yeetercosanitotton. Bosse of the Southern democracy think if day. Day before yesterday Governor Medill re be taken In order that the people of Texas may knowroute are duplicated oa paper, besides a tripUcate belBg the equity a n l conscience of the- case. (Graham on NewMr Gsxsw—I know what I say. He knew all about it such lias. I no not wantto prejudgethe case, although the SenatorWeather mild and bright; thermometer twenty-eight circumstances I tbink that it is our auty to set aside his safety and your own dignity may requirefrom Delaware says tbe Attorney General bolstered him up. I say, tbe opinions of two Attorneys General are di nctly the contrary. It is a question of law, and souss tioa affecting the dignity and power of Congress, whonAfter reading the above memorial, a resolution to in- struct tbe Attorney General of the State to act s s counsel for Mr. Sanborn was token from tbe table, 142 to 70, and 'rocatiag a government printing establishment he will the Senate and House of Representatives and executive its duty, not only to declare polygamy a crime, but tostand some chance of selling tbe targe printing estate approve a fact, and order a certain rule for the purpose new carrie* on by Laroombe It English. of adjudicating a esse, 1 deny tbe right of any officer to set at defiance tbe Congress, the executive and the law. Iprovide punishment therefor.Mr. BARKBDAIX. (oem ) of Miss , asked th e gentlemannot fulfilling his contract, complaint was made to tbe late third anadlng, and was tben tabled.Comptroller, and a reduction of ten per cent was accord- The result in the Court being known, Tarltoo and otheringlymadefromtbepaymenttobemade,thestreet-be-officersengagedtaSanborn'sseizurewerearrestedon ingthoroughlycleanedattheexpenseoftbepiainwhether, under the samo power to prohibit polygeny, he rassxrontonraxFBSWDSXT'SMtorastXSSJAGB. wantthelawexecuted.Astotheamountofdamages,1wcul-inotciawthepowertoesclud«slavery.SfarafhaTOnotawordtosay. Tberamaybenodamages. hewasconcerned,hesawavastdifferencebetweenpro Mr. Hickman will endeavor to report from the Commit- It is to vindicate a principle that 1 am act hitflting a crime and exo'uding property from tbe ferntoTbe BostonWeeklyBank Statement.BOSTON, April 3,1360. nil, which expense exceeded fie amount which the warranto from the Police Justice o' Concord, and releasedNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET._^_ . . ^ «*««* aw real strength * Mr Dwgte* ta vtti saw lumber of Gottgren ta relancn la U? Having stogie tastaat whether the decision M right or wrong, that Mr. THAT** wished to know what kind ofCourtofCommonPitas. BatonBaa,Jaag«DalyJnVCBTANTOPWION- IN f PKNING Vt VAULTS AfiArXST TH*CITT.Aran S\—ASMS JfiOsr * / Jew*D. C. Outvoter rs. The Mwr. stV.,ofNtm Yord.—TtM•oneel ssreralessesta which judgment has goes a aics the city b y default, and Ian term W . C Noyes argaed a motto i for raopeatagSSaS-S^*^*•»**•**"•»***»*to"pr*answeredmtheaffirmative,theyreque-todhisname, whtoh was refused. The Inquisition of the Oommlttee render it dangerosa ta have conversations with persons, as the committee claim to have prirnta conversations of eTery kini given ta evidence without reference to Its con-thisisnotthepropermodeofproceeduig,auo. o,uier,i winaddthatthisactoftbeComptroller,whether right or wrong, was done ta August, 18*7, without a n y com plaintmadehere,ormotionmadetoattackorarraignthat officer for a period of more than eighteen months. N ow , when laboring under sickness, it to somewhat strange thataresolution,whichseekstodeprivebiiaof bis cha ranter and his office, should b e pressed upon tbta body. Tbe resolution tor the present should lie on tbe table. sad I make that motion.hiscnjlesgnepreferred,thatkindwhichexistedtaEgypt, •aa^rr^harsoh,baaedonoa9,ortntaamongurnpeople of tbe Territories, based oa land.Mr.Goocarepliedas ha dktinotrecogntae either kini of sovereignty, be could not answer tbe question.» Mr. Bin, (dem.) of Ky., s H not know that a bachelor hasarighttodiscussthisquestion. Itwaanottobesup- posed that a bachelor knows much about matrimonial affairs. bnt as those who belong to tbe mtarimonlai ranks have ratted the difficulties, he hoped the House would ox- cose a bachelor for coming ta as a peacemaker la thisSMALLREBELLIONINMASSACHUSETTS.Arrest of Fraik Be Seutor., tat if HeJohnBrowiitcs.•«^»^%»«»^s»»^a*%»^/V»ay|»»**w^s»^^^'a^^»Terrible EietteBiefjt in tke Uger Falls Dead - ruecd on a Writ of HabeasACTION OF THEMASSACHUSETTS LEGISLATURE,April 4, 1WO. F.B.SanbornwasarrestedatConcordbyUnitedSlates officersMatnight, under a refutation from th*Senatecommittee. Judge Boar, of the Sapreme Ctmrt had issuedawritofhabeascorpus,aadth*Mssrtagtenow progressingtathiscity.WatsonFreeman,Jr.,deputyUnitedStatesMarshal,and Silas Carleton, Deputy Sergeant at Arms of tbe UnitedTHE LATEST FEOM WASHIHGTOI.0 » r•»%#»*»rfa)#a^^ipecUtl W * A l » « t « D e s p a t c h . WASHLwro*, April 4,lsdO.nectionwiththematterbeforethem, it» said thecom nvuee intend to submit these Important queations ansing in Mr SchcU's testimony to the House for its solemn con- sidfratioc. He will probably U brought before that body to-morrow or next day. Mr. Butterworth was then ex- amined, and was asked whether he had had any conver- saUon with tbe President or members of his Cabinetta regard to the questions he should aawwer before the CoMel of tbe representatives ot Robert H. Morris, late Poet He did not believe that the passage of tbe bill would in jure the revenue, tor under tbe graduation act the pricettonistobe mane, maybe reduced through the means which tbe Comptroller by this section is authorized to take, it is very clear to my mind that this provision ap pertains to and forms a pari or the whole subject of tho act An affidavit o f tbe Comptroller that he h a s reason to believe that the judgment! were obtained by col-receipt et ibis wri , to do ana receive wkat our said ' Justice shall then snd tcare* CJ-S icr concerning him in this behalf, aad summon tbe sail S;!as Carleton then and there to appear belore our said Just. •/•> to show the cause of the taking and detaining o tt,- t*,•! Frank B. £asborn, and tuve you then this wrU with t e e doingsthereon.master of New York. Parsed.run CASS OF rax coMPrsouXR or THE TRSASCRY.Mr. Uxxxx, (dem.) of Mo., moved that tne resolutionsit creased from time to time, and the Homestead bill would bring other lands into market The Secretary oi' the Interior bad said In his report that all the lands fa:it as a source of federal revenue except those subject to p.-itee oc the Judiciary on Setaruaj, relative to the Presi- •rg. I do not know either one of thesed t n t b p r o t s s t J x g m e s s a g e . A m i n o r i t y r e p o r t w i l l a i m p a r t i e s . I n e v e r s a w o n e o f t h e m , a n d n e v e r e x p e c t t o M r . UOOCH r e p l i e d , t h a i h e a n d t h o s e w i t h w h o m h e a sbe made. Nearly ail the Sooth Americanswilt speak and tee one*of them, but 1 will maintain, when Congress soctated were not responsible for tbe introduction of I'M ial stockpass**ataw,andillsapprovedbytbeexecutive,thatno slaveryinthisdiscussion.Tbegtnttemanisfromaslave LosusanddiscountsplantifT w ss authorised to claim unde| the contract. on personal recognizance, to appear there on Friday for IL cause w a s referred to a releree, w h o found thatTotstosustaintbemajorityrepart,infaroroftheright oneofficerofthaigOTernmenthasarighttodtaregardItsadsetitsside,unletsitbetaviolationoftheconstitution of the Houseto exercise its ownjudgment In prosecuting of the United States., As I said before, I will not pre-holdtagcommunity, from thesameStateashis (lir. Specie 1$36,631,700 60,051,000 6,046,700 8,080,000t b e p l a i n t i f f c l e a n e d t b e s t r e e t s t o t b e a c c e p t a n c e o f the defendantsTip to February 7,1S55, when he ceasedto performtheworkattherequestofthedefendants$J17 thenbeingduetohim,which,withinterest,amounted to $418, for which the referee gave judgment. It doesbrought slavery into the consideration of this question " to •eat, without dictation from say quarter. Messrs. K d- from Delaware went Improperly into tbe merits of the The gentleman rrom New Yo.k(Mr. (Hm) alluded to it Deposits"Markets. PHILABSLPBIASTOCKBOARD.8,473,000 not appear whether tbe defence stated in the Comptrol-tasosjttesrttasa, of any and all department* of the gorern judge the case. I will only say this much: tbe Senatorcase. All f ask Is that It shall be referred to a select ssa, Davis, Stokes, Harris, Kthertdge and Hatton are said committee and investigated, tor I know it is a case worthyta be prepared with speeches. Mr. Nelson wiU discuss of investigation; and having asked for an investigation, isonly in response to an interrogatory. On the republican sice the it-stitution o: siav<jrj a * i not been drawn into tbe dtacuistcuMr. BAXKSDAIX—Then yon decline to answer tbe ques- tion?Circulation8,340,000a request was made by tbe Comptroller for a copy of the congratulating tbem on the demonstrations made in honor evidence taken before him, which was not complied with. of the martyrdom of John Brown. Messrs. Parker,*ht>gai points, aid Mr. Davis will present b e cousuui bonal nistory of the question.ran csuatos aaaimw n s Anamwa>rav<c.The OoTsdo Investigatmg Committee wUl soon take op the whole qmtttan of the alleged political corruptions taNaasyrvaaiamlttaMandtheJofewtagPsesttylrantawft toasmwillbecalledtotestify:—JamesCTanDyke, •x-Dsttrict Attorney; J. Leach, Abating politician, JohnM. Zeigter, supposed toftposmbiotbwSentaewiUoeiytbetavesthmiion?tbe Vint Px*»n»»T (interrupting)—The Chair will call up tbe special order of this house at one o'clock.Mr. BATAXD- I deatr^ to make a brief statementMr. Gxmw-Iwlll object, unless we hara a TOtsujwn tbe resolutionMrF«cn,(dem)ofInd-Myutttostaiidtagwtththe SenatorfromMissouriatthatIamtoonerasubstitutefor bss r» solution.Mr. BAYAKD—I move to postpone the regular ovderofMr. Goom replied that he believed, under the conititution, Congress has the pe-*erto prohibit stevery la theTerritories. When this question comes before tbe House, Railroad, 21V , Morris Canal, 61X, long bland Railroad, be would tell tbe gentleman whence be derived the pow U)§; PeLrsylvania Railroad, 39 V Sight exchange on rr. He reviewed tbe scberots of bis oo!league (Mr. New York at par.Thayer) and another gentleman (Mr. McClernand) say-ingitwasutterlyfutiletocommittbe MormonstotheinfantsettlementsatPike'sPeakandNevada.It is very material to know if the defence was set up, or u it was not, why not, as it constituted a complete defence totheaction. Aswearefarniahedwtthno information upon this point, the proper course win be to set aside the judgment and order a new tnat.Wtttsam Joyce at. tec Jit** et• ^ - ^ • c t w a Ug«*» was for damage in consequence of the defcJ^""TM\* let a contract for tbe filling In of certain " J ^ 0 ^ ; ; oneMcKinnity,whenthepl^nthTwas ^•£*,«££ forIt Itisaverred» ^ *"»**£Svertaetorbiie Council directed the a ^ L ^ S K ^ ^ w - S l m t he did sofor fitting * ^S*2LtSrwaa"»heteweat bidder; that he rwastneiand of tbe McKinnity, at aplaintiff, anathe bsib«utati?snatomedthereby'damagesto theamounto atfiff 11ttuaktbofact sworn to by the ComptrollerPillsbury, A. M. Powill, Rev. M. Milter snd others ad- dressedthemeeting,andaddressestothepeopleofHayu were adopted. •THE REV. DANIEL WORTH. KiYsrmiua, X. C , April 4 , I860.The Rev.DanielWorthha*beenfoundguiltyofcirca iafrg«•Helper'sImpendingCrisis,"sadsentenceito iinprteonmeat far oa* year.The Kxtlgbta o f tta* Golden Circle. Haw Oauuaa, April 4, isoo.AtameetingyesterdayoftheKnightsoftb*tioMeaOrcta,Mr.Berktey.theOommander-iaOniefof toeOrder. M bitaVssh- the taqabies, andltoknowwhethertasanswer,decliningto exesthehatafWbsufbsssoftheMewi*e*kHotels.tore they were ottered. So much tor that. Bet of tbe ulics of barbamm here, and it was $t 46. Corn aottre at 70o- a W c ?TMt^.teadV at without passing upon that question, I regard the hre last night•he,*3reans«i*f«4thntassabar» «n>m msiqgaaneiwrittenopmiololtbeattorneyGeneralottheUnited States. Concede that tne eosustructkn M wrong, should sa.aad request t h e Prssaisat to r ewords ' sovere'gn power ." H t did not anderstea* that repaaacsaa believe Ooagrets can pass say act ta cabinettomwerc 8nu- * * *tteheli AiataBeheBwlies of barbamm, 9*>*jgmj lories.calls tor a more satisfactory explanation than ta fur- nishedbymerely sabmiutagtheformalfindingaftbe referee I think tt doubtful, moreove", whether sufficient sppeaiB ujon the face of the complaint to*(«Vj«uuKnrmfjJfSi,!L***.,5A?Bru .«,,!•iw••». --d urkm ACo.'s tobacco establish ther tatikMsga, were destroyed byasS yet ssoertained, but it is verybusiness, tor tbe purpose of continuing ten mmatoaThe motion was agreed to.this discuss.ou for4 willingto take tbe responsibility, and further that the unchanged.advertise; that the P * » w a e w » ^ oontrsct, but the perform theMr BAVAXD—Mr. President, I do not purpose to entermtotiemeritsorthiscase. I willstate, howerer, thatGovernor Medill originally came from m y own Stite,whore ho hero a high character. Bat that M not the wished to have nothing to do with tbe Mormons. pointuponwhichI make my objectionto these reaoluucts Mr. Meoill no doubt knew that this resolution wood ho offtred. Ho ecsattdsred it as a threat He had previoualrdefinedhisposition,andit wasnecemryfar bun to abstain from all business, as be bad been labortsgMr.BKAMU,(dem)ofN.C.,calledtbegentleman'sat tt-attoate that part of the republican ptauorta whichde Clares Congress bad sovereign power over the Territories, andinexercisingthatpowercanprohibitthwe"twinre. Cotton-Salesto-day9,600bates,atunchangedprices.rtaanusron, April 4, I U * . Cottonunchanged,aadBalestodayunimportant.BAI.THIOSK. April 4. U60Flour quiet at previous rates. Wheat hoojant ta** aa r eM would tare been minted to tf the contract had officersof th*Ordsy. Acomsstaw* wa.epi.ototedtom- been awarded to blm and he had executed tt, vestigato theiaad slavery,»la the terri Sttftned to priTste coo- u> him, and he left at six o'clock yesterday morning, be . Mr Gooca replied that they now ha4 oneThomas It On advancing tendency, white t l 66 a |l«»i, ° * L S . show tbat there waa even a cause it action ; but neata, withdetermined to go home when these resolutions were givenmy objection to these rssstattbas was tbjswtbe Comptroller baa given a certain construction to a taw passedoytengrcas. Suppeaettmwrong,isthatsufficieut u.'calltorareacsnttaaofmejilij*Thereisnochargeorreol—thereisaechargethata*hassmmWsmwtasjTthetheir dnty to soppres* it. He belterei Cbngress MessPork$18^prune$16;baoon$10.Whiskeysteadyas othercircumstancesasasufficientreasonwhytheCourt, heavy»*« wwsjngawtM by the Dnttad Shams Attstwe/ ieftort«*taj the President, or any msmbarsj' . i , Cao a* , » i . cisstrued. WW, it is a (act that be construed it o* the rower, with the amitattaa named, if he bad been in the at*t*C. a22XCaw dtfirrently from tbe manner ta which'it should hoMr. Gooca Matted that ho believed Coogress haa full sad $1 til a $1 4« Tor rest PhiladelphiaCtnventioo,hewouldsothamuseet*te£ l o n 7 R s t a « o < ^ r a i * f»oenl»Vctty af Albany to van whid a new trial on behalf of Mr. Haws, the C.m.trJ - The VICEPMOMBT, the ten mtautes expiring, called up quarrel. He precede n o advocate the bill on the ground er, PJcfiard Buttoed, E iq ., C. C , appearing on th etb* regular order, of business.Mr. GRXXN-l move it be postponed for another tanminutes.Mr. PrcH-I hope that win not be done. I hope it willbe laid on tbe table for the presentMr. GKOK—I wiU not yield the floor. Mr.Peon—ThenIwillobjecttothemotion. Mr.Gaaxs—Iwillnotyieldtbefloor,andtbegentlemaneannot take ttfrom me.Mr. BKHJAMW, (dem,) of La —I should object,for if thisthat polygamy is a violation af individual rights—a viola-tion of all tbe rights of the people In well organised Ter-mortea. Staves,heargued,tareplytowhathadbeenpreviously said ta the delate, were recognized as pro-perty, and ks such the holders of slaves were entitled toprotection. He then proceeded to speak of the violations ar ot H69, i age 1.121, under which tt is made, n uocon-Yousba?.Mr.Bkjuiaut—1don'tpermitanygontlemantotel'me presentationsthattbegovernmenthadsentthearmy"Igad by joo. and carried tot) effect by the stoop-ef<warfasatsaa, in order Mat yon aaay be aoooaatabto for It, and tag lines bearing westward and uniting within two ban ject Because we would not have time to dispose of the supreme power, and whether they have not a peculiar x ar, that is tit I860, a sum sufneent for tie redemiit'uu States Senate, called at Ssnbora's lesmcnce at ninenay be alone responsible, not only to the Spanish covera- nest and to those of the eivdixed world, but to that of toe rrrprraMe Amerlcan nation, whose reprooatJoa, I amawtam, will nea be long assayed.Be then mamtamt, in a toag rigmarole, that the Mar-qcido Hapaaa did not are law our steamers, or Interfere alto them in n*y ssaaaar, *ad ssys->J saUl atoa* tew asternest of aha affair to my government, ta order that it aey aadentaad which vessel first arsd a shotted gun—a atw BUM* essabhahed by the , American ves- *• under y e w command of hailing a v*«- ni at tea to ascertain whence MM caaia."tired miljtsof the Missouri river; thence proceeding* b y a case, and I have an amendment which I wish to offer.coin of their own, fee. Ho aaused to b e read a letter from of the above mentioned bonds, with interest; and the fifth o'clock test nipht. Sanborn refused to acoompaav taem,single trunk line, by tbe nearest sad best route, tothe Bay ot San Francisco or to the navigable waters of the Sacramento.Mr. GKXEX—I nave no objection to such reasons ;but •then you come to discuss the merits of tbe resoluuout. .fc>n 1will object.Themotion of Mr. Green was disagreed to, and the spo clal Older, the Homestead bill, was taken up.Camp Floyd, attributing certain violations of law to tbe Mormons.Mr. HOOPKRremarked that some things therein he knew to be false. The Mormons are fallible, but when he heard wholesale charges against them and their being spekenofcontemptuuslyptro&aehisbloodcoursfl rapidsection. the one in question, authorizes the Comptroller to taae the proper and neubasary means to opea s o l re vetse tbe judgments against-tonicity, whioi hts sa*il have reasons to believe were obtained by coUueian and fr«Qd, and for that purpose to use the name of the otttnuantsandtoemploycounsel Ittvskine fPthsecwhen he was handcuffed and taken to a carriage at the door, during which be struggled violently. aad the mem- beraof bst family cried ><Murder," "Fire. 'etc.75. otteredbyblmvesterdaycensuringtheComptrollerofthe valeentry. Tbebillwouldimprovethesourcesforre MrXKLSON,havingreportedthishill,wasallowedanplaced her beside him on tan bench. It was on such re- city s i d county of New York to raise money by tax. TbeDBBATKOSTBXBOMESTKAI)KILLTHE PEOCEEDIHG OF CONGRESS. Mr. Pviiii proceeded to contrast the Senate and House ly is his veins. He scouted the false charges and impute ticti comes clearly within toe subject of the act, as r»-pre collecting a targe crowd. Rofaa Hosmer, a cittoan, diedtebto.Mr. Taoxvaw, (item.) of N. J., presented the rendutionsof4110NewJerseyLegislaturetafavorofjmincrease of the duty on Imported goods, and In favor of the House Homestead bill.Mr. Rati, (rep) of N. Y ., introduced a bill for the resome great revolution in the land system, to destroy tb- publie*revenue, when the fact was it was but the sain principle that bad been guiding the, system relative u> tbepublicdemaiasincetheearliestdaysoftberepublic1 The policy of tbe general government in its donations o lands had acted unjustly toward new States. Tns ursi excuse was that tbe sale of the lands was to liquidate the eeot; but when that was paid a second and third arose.ment nligbt prescribe. Tbey had a right to change the form of their treasure.Mr. SIMS'said he could appreciate the feelings of the gentleman, sndbebadspokenofpolygamyasa"crime against the common law.Mr. NaisON, (S opp.) af Tenn , moved the previous question, which occasioned not a little coaf'isiou, as some gentlemen designed to debate the subject.Mr. LoiiA.s, (dem.) of 111,amid tbe noise, charged that the iluor bad been farmed out to certain gentlemen by a 11tract with the Speaker.The 1 epuhb. ais vigorously called him to order.Tbe main question was xtrdered to be put—114 againstto meet which the tax tt to be imposed, Is as much a partof the subject of the act mtendea by tbe title as anyqtherpart of it. IT tbe act bad named tbe sum which wasto beraisedtomeettheclaimsofthepoliosforoadtadtne judgment referred to, there might be some doabt;bat as it is left to the Supervisors to ascertain theamount for wbich it will be neaesaary to issue reve-nue bonds, a s usual a s t h e amount necessary for theirredemption and as the obligations for which provi- in the* county of fcuOolk, immediately af«er thehills. He believed the operation of the bill should be tions heaped on his people. At some other time he would sente I in its title, the amount of the revenue bonds, and limitedtobeadsoffamilies,otherwise shampreemption discussthesematters1ully. Tbecoining of moneywas the amount oftbetax to beraitedfortheredemption, wculd lead to fraud and corruption. A man's family among the other crimes attributed to them. This he ex- will depend upon tbe amount of the judgments to be paid;suddenly, tt is supposed, from the excitem-at the afflur oc" caslcned him. Sanborn was forcibly taken from the offi- cersby thecrowd,sad kept outoftheirpoweruntila> writ of habeas corpus could be obtained.It is said tbe writ has been prepared for somatime, in anticipation of tbe arrest. Depaty Sheriff The CHAta laid before tbe Senate the correspondence be United States who desire to go there. He read numerou« ibeir dust with tbem, and having constructed a rude mint, be raised by tax in 1860 for their redemption will bs John B. Moore served the writ of habeas corpus, aadacts sbowiDg that Congress bad, time after time, donate put it into coin. It was pure, aad answered for circulat- proportionally less in' the end. A provision, therefore, intween the Attorney General and Judges of Utah relative to the public lands to towns, maiTroutes and States, and i» ing purposes, in the absence of tbe coin or the United aa{act authorizing tbe Supervisors to raise money by tax arrested Sanborn, which ended the mission of tbe Unitel the judicial proceedings of that Territory. Laid on the view of all this it was said tbe Homestead bill proposes States, and was subject to whatever standard tbe govern- which contemplates the possible reduction of the amount States Marshal's posse for tbe time,being. Tbe foUcwsgT H I R T Y - S I X F:H G O K G R B S 8 . FIRST RgenoN.• e a u s t e .andifanyofthesejudgmentsshould be reversed,and judgment given for the city, or if any of them should be reduced in amount through t h e step which t b e Campwouldbindhtmtotbesoilloritsimprovement,and thn?there should be a discrimination between tbe marrieand unmarried man. T h e Senate bill w a s a wise messure for revenue and economy. It gave sixty millions of struction of a mill, they made tbe flnt gold dis- troiler has taken by this motion, the amount for whichTreasuryforadecision defeating theexpressed willof venue. HethoughtIttimetoCeasedonatinglandsforthe hourtoclosethedebate. Hecommenced byspeakingof tuiion andfraud, is notof itself sufficient to enableCongress, sad for refusing to obey its order, thereby in benefit ot'i-olieges, schools, aeyturns and railroad corpo the second section of the bill, which proposes to repeal him to have tbe judgment opened or reversed. Biscurrtag tbe disapprobation of ibngress, which readers it rations, un'ess th* y were located on the lands. Tbe Sena •be act of the Territorial Legislature incorporating the belief in that respect, shown to the Court, is insuffi Hosr, Associate Justice of the Supreme Judicial Coin. improper that he longer remain in office, be referred to a tor irom Texas (Mr. Wigfali) had denominated this » yChurch of the latter Day Saints. It was the most extra cient to enable him, iu the lacguage of the act. ta taaeoommittee. He said such a thing bad never been refused, whatever it might conmin, whether right or wrong.Mr. AACisafRY t<iem. l of D»l., moved to refer it to the Post Office Committee. I beBeve it is a reflection upon a meritorious officer, who has only done his duty—doneparty question, but this was rather late in tbe day, inae much as a Homestead bill passed Uu same House tha. pa*seJ the Kansas Nebraska actordinary ever enacted o a this continent. It was a dsn geious corporator), whose power was contrary to the spirit of our institutions T be Mormon church exercisesall proper and necessary steps to have them opened or reversed, but it rests in the sound discretion of tbe Court whether the amplication will be granted sr not. The judgment in the rase was tor damages arising 1cm the settlement ano cracking of tbe pU'Dtilf s buill H'PS; tbe relereefinding that the founaannus were weakJohn '8. Kcyes, John A. Andrews ani SMWH-.< >'• Sewed are counsel tor Sanborn, and United Sate*f>w trict Atto rney C. L- Woodbury and Milton And.-oe for t i e United S*fctes.The hearing Is before the full bench, co=s:sf.ut of Shaw, Metcall, Sigelow, Merrick and Hoar.At the hearing of tbe habeas corpus wr.t itcb^rr. sclary Committee, as tbe subject of the resolution is the eosRtructioa of a law.Mr. SACUBTB\—Thewhole matter rises ou* of a eon tract by the Postmaster General with certain persona to carry the mails and an alleged breach of that contractMr. GEKKN—It ought not to go to the Post Office Com mittee, because it is cot the business that belongs to tbem. It is with refer en se to the execution of a taw. It ought not to go to the Judiciary Committee, because that oommlttee uniformly refused to decide abstract questions. Where a resolubm Is required they will act; o u t these mere abstract questions they do n o t desire. It is a ques- tion that Involves nobody until a report is made—until abia, wbich is exclusively under the jurtedictkm of Oin- gress.judgment is pronounced by the Senate This mere refe- Gentlemen tried to be popular in the introduction otrence amounts to nothing. Let the truth come out, let tbe facta be developed, and let the country see what is involved in this question-, then the Senate can decide and the public judge. But when I ask to introduce a resoiu tion, noanimous consent being given, and it Is introduced, upon a motion to refer a controversy spriogs up, and thf> merit of tbe thing piopened to be referred is to be in- quiredintobeforethefactaaredeveloped.Iobjecttoit.I think it is very unkind treatment, for it does no harm to any one to let the facts come out. It dees not belong to any of the committees—it Is s a independent question.the Senate could not have its precepts served outside of the District of Columbia. Oa the third point, that tbe Sergeant at-Arms could not depute his a thorny ti an- other person, there was no doubt, aad all the Court were sgreed that be had no such authority. A warrant of th s sortmustbelimitedtothepersontowhomitwasgiven by the-Senate.The order of tbe Court wsa,that Sanborn be dis- charged. T b e rendition o f the decision called forth de- monstrations of applause, wbich were speedily checked. The court room was thronged.Sanborn left wtth his friends for home.Texss waa a free sovereign State, sad exercised rightswhicn were not delegated to this miserable one noneconcern in Washington. (Renewed laughter.) H e had gates of tbe First ward, Jersey City, have made the fol- buildings in the same neighborhood have also set'.'ed, and in regard to tbe arrest —Mr. SxnsBCXT—My objection rises from no want of lish a Bible, or to gamble it off in hell. (Laughter.)School Superintendent—Abraham S. JewelTbe above nominations were made unanimous. OPPOSITION WAXO XOMTS ATIONS — The opposition, is granted, that houses were built as cheap as tenement bouses UDOUsoil recently filled in from the borders of thecourtesy to him, but from this fact: I have read the cor- respondence on this subject, and the very presentation of these resolutions is calculate l to injure tbta gentleman, who, I believe, has faithfully discharged his duty. The proposition Is a novel one. What Is it? Certain persons nave applied (or damages for an alleged broken contract. H e (M r . MedUl) reports adversely to their claims, and makes • that report under the opinion, tbe written opinion of tne Attorney General, who w a s called upon b y the Postmasu rGeneral for bisdele- East liver, snd were liable to settle aad crack. Ttiat otherMr. Sanborn makes the following additional statemenMr. WIGFAIX, (dem ) of Texas, disclaimed wishing to ail the powers of government. Rome, in Its palmiest make it a party test He proceeded at length, and said days, hao net conferred on it such powers as are foundset which yon have committed, 1 conclude, with all the that which the Attorney General of the United Slates has donations of alternate sections would prevent the sale o* in this corporation. Besides, it was violative or toe coo ened by water flowing into the cellars of the buiuingsMr.Yrus. (dem.) of Fix., hoped the Senator would onehundredand sixtydollarsoutoftbeTreasurytottu- church. He crowedthatCongresshas power to repeal the Counsel to the Corporation, to a single referee. counselpresentedthefollowingpoints—substitute the Committee on th eJndiciary. If it goes to a hcmeleES than to donate land and go to tbe expense oi or supervise tha laws of that Terrttooy, the a.taorit> The only witness who ustihed that the building First—That the Sergeant-at Arms of the S*ns.«'> of 'fee S'anding committee at all It properly belongs to the Judi establishing land cilices to survey it His Railroad b<U bung found in the act establishing the Territorial govern settled and cracked in consequence of the water United states has no power out of the District or C>i. mwas lor the practical purpose of Iranimating naval and military stores, the Homestead bill was for paupers. It wss popular to talk of the poor. Poverty, be said, was a crime The man who was poor had sinned. and there waa a screw loose to h is bead somewhere. He would smend the title of the bill to lead," for the encourage ment of crime, providing for criminals and violating the oonstit ution.'' It was popular, he repeated, to talk of the bone and smew of the land, of wool, bats and brogans, but poverty was a crime. He would not pander to pre jedice by such. talk. Tbe bill provided for the purlieu* of London, tbe Five Points of New York, and criminals wbe violate tbe law when they got on the lands. Tbe bill provides for those who could not provide for themselves.ment ot Utah. Without concluding, be gave way for a motion to adjourn, which pievailed.Jersey City News. OPPOSITION C1TT CONVENTION.A meeting of delegates to the opposition City Condon lion of Jersey City was held last night, at Franklin Hall, for tbe purpose of nominating candidates fcr Mtyor, Water Commissioner, Collector and other offices.Mr. Samuel A. Hopkins was chosen Chairman, and W.u. B. Dunning, Secretary.Sometimewasconsumedinsettlingtbequestion astothe number of delegates each ward was entitled to, afterwhich a ballot was bad for a candidate for Mayor, with the following result:—Alderman Cornelius Tan Vnrst IS;' David 8. Matters, 7; Benjamin O. Edge, 1; Robert Gilchrist, 1. Mr. Van Vorstwasaccordinglydeclaredthenominee.Tbe following nominations were then made —flowing into tbe cellar from tbe sewer, was the plaintiff himself. A builder was called to prove tbe damages, wh >setestimony is contained in tour lines: "that hebai ex-amined the buildings, and that it would cost all of fivethousand dollars to pot them in the same conaitioc, ornearly as may be, as they were before the water camein.' The Counsel to the Corporation was not present atthe hearing before tbe refsree, but one of h is assistantsactedinhisstead. Mowitnesseswerecalledonbthalfoftbe city. No examination of the buildings on tbe partof tbe city, either as to the cause of the injuries or asto tbe extent of tbe injury, or as to the extent ofthe damage, appears to nave been made, &c. 1 t k eit from the diligence shown in preparing affida^ itsto remit the motion that if it had been, the fact would b r e first point taken, the Court were not prepared to say t h usuchabill Itwasagreatmistake of any mantosup pose that tbe people bad no sense. (Laughter.) These lands would be occupied by tbe outpourings of jails, fee., and when they were represented in Congress, he wouldbeen shown. Tbe builder wss not asked b y the assise n t of tbe Corporation Counsel whether he made any eetitni ta of tbe damage and of tbe expense of putting the built n g in tbe same condition as before, or bow tbe amount of $5,0(0 wss ascertained; whether it was a mere get, t al guess or founded upon a positive snd accurate estiau e, such s s might be presumed b e would carefully make a abouttomakeacontracttorestoretbebuildings,so far a s possble, t o their former condition; a n d upon this loose general testimony o f t b e builder , and t h e testimony'of tbe plaintiff as as to tbe cause of action, tbe case was submitted.^* the part of the referee, who gave judgment for the whole amount claimed in tbe complaint—that is, lor $6,000. Tbe Comptroller swears that be knows that he will be able to prove, if a new triallire to see the man w h o wore tbe ermine. what a sight it would be.Great God',Mr.WILKINSOX.(rep)ofMin,askedifTexasdidnot give away lands to her own citizens and foreigner*.?For Water Commissioners—Dudley S . Gregory, term), and Benjamin O. Elge. for the unexpired term of Charles Fink. resigned.Collector otrTuee—Francis R Hill.Assessors—First snd Second wards, James Fleming. Second and Third wards, Wm. R Drayton.Mr. WtOFAU. asked if tbe Senator was not once a crat?Mr. WOKISSOXsaid be never wss.demo(fullunderstood Mr. Wilkinson to say be was a Know Nothing. Mr. WnKISSOJ*replied he did not say so. The Senatorwas a little obtuse to d a y . (Laughter JMr. WIUFALL continued at length. H e thought tbe pa- tronage of the government in that respect ought to be given to the States. Tbe bill would exclude slaveholders from the Territories and provide for paupers and a faaa- ucal population. It would be a free soil country.pBOTxcnox or XATCKAUZBD crrtzxira ABROAD.Mr. SrxaxR, (rep ) ot Mass., offered a resolution, whichlowing ncmlnatiocs:—AJaermen—Ihos. Earns and Wm. Clarke. Chosen Freebal ter—A. J. Fitch.Commissioner of Appeals—Pbineas C. Hummer. Juttlce ofthe Peace—Robert B Kane. Ccnstoblc—Chancellor W. Chase.«T b e C a l i f o r n i a P o n y B x p r e s a .ST. JOSXPB, April 4,1860.the wa.ls cracked, owing principally to the character of tbe newly made soil upon which they- were erect-1 a t first offered no resistance, but when t b e handein* were put on I refused to go, not having heard any war rant or seen any signatures, or been told the names of tbe officers or the nature of my offence, so tar as I can recollect. When they dragged me Into the open air w i t out allowing me to j.at on my boots, overcoat or bat. i called murder and restated-with m y feet a s well a t I could: with four stout men holding m e they dragged m e io the cat rage, which bad been brought up by a fifth orsixth confederate, and attempted to put m e in. 1 broke the side of the carriage with my feei. anl my ttster fe'zirg one of tbe ruffians, they dropped m« on my feet again. Again tbey tried to put me in, but mv.stswr whipped the horses, wh ch started aad foiled •hem'aga-Q. They were still struggling with me and ber—Ave m-u against one man and a woman—when tbe neighbo -s came running to my aid. The ruffians still attempted to kw nap me, but tbey soon found they were ove'powered: then, and not until tben, did they read their warrant :.n t h e street, by tbe light of the lantern, while I stood hand- cuffed snd half clothed in their hands This must have been fifteen minutes after my first seizure.PROCEEDINGS O P T H E MASSACHTMETrS LEGISL A TURE.Tbe subject of tbe arrest of Sanborn was introduced before the Legislature in the form of resolutions to<-.i- ploytbe State Attorney General for the defence. The resolutions were briefly debated and laid on the tableThe Bouse hy ;.•nimtus suspension o f the rules r e - ceived tbe (olio* og memorial, which was read:—ThememorialofF.B.Sanborn,ofConcord,afree white citizen of this Commonwealth. respectfully sbeweth tbat about tbe hour of nin •o'clock oo the night of April 3 , your memorialist was forcibly seised a n d handcuffed in his own home,In Concord, by a body of men, who refu ed to give their names. „et read their warrant, if any they bad, but dragged yoor memir.a'utinto tbe street, and attempted to for<e him into a carriage, evidently for tne purpose or currying him out of tbe said Concord; none o f t h e men a'oressid being citizens of Concord, so far a s your memo.itiisi ">n learn; but be believes tbem to be residents of Boavu; their names, s s finally given b y themselves sotn: time after tbe events just related, being Silas Oarlton, Coolidge Tarlton, Freeman and Foes Farther more, your memorialist fwooJd represent that a writ or habeas corpus being served on the said Carlson by Deputy Sheriff Moore, of Concord, in your county ot Middlesex, said writ being grenied by and bearing the signature of the Hon E. R. Uoar, one ofopinion it is not inconsistent with the public interest, to York messenger. Iu the meantime an immense crowd cipal damage was done to tbe rear walls; that tarnish to the Senate copies of all correspondence not bad gathered around the express office to witness thein no other damage of any importance was done to the pro heretofore called for relating to tbeclaimofa foreign auguiationofthisgreatandnovelenterprise. Beforetbe petty;tbattbewboledamagedoesnotexceedth*sumbe-govespnif nt to the military service of naturalized Ameri- can citizens.Adjourned. Jlomeo f•wRepresextttttlyrf• WASHIXQTOX, April 4,1S6Udeparture of tbe express the sssembly were addressedby Mayor Thomason s a d Messrs Majors and Russell, othe Express Company, who, In brief and appropriate re-marks, set forth the benefits of the country from this un-dertaking, and tbe prospects of its future and unioubledsuccess, which were received with applause.. Tbe m essenger from New Y ork lost a connection b y t h e with-drawal of a train between Detroit and Chicago, whichwould have delayed the express twenty four hours butfor the courtesy of General Superintendent Hayward, ofthe Hannibal and S t Joseph Railroad, who brought himhere by especial train irom Palmyra, 192 miles, in fourhcurs and fifty seven minutes, msking eight stops of fiveminutes each. He arrived so as to only otlay the express tame genqtaF character a*> that ot the builders whoMr. WASHBURN, (rep.) of 111., gave notice of a bill to erect a custom house and post office at Waukegan.TROOPS KOR TBX TXXAN FBONTIBt. ^ »Mr. STAXTOS, (rep.) of Ohio, from tbe Mllitar^ComMr. CVRTUS, (rep.) of Iowa, as a member of the CommitMr. GRXKS—The Senator does not state tbe case correctly. It was originally in just the position be now placesit. It originally w a s a claim growing out of what theyalleged to be a breach of contract, hut Congress passed alaw stating that, tbe contract having been made and abro-gated, tbe First Comptroller should assess tbe damages.Therefore, the making of the contract and its abrogationare facta confirmed try Congress. Wnether any damageshave accrued or not I do not know. I do not know tee, said he would have voted In favor of the amendmeui telegraphic despatches, and some papers for San Fran by collusion and fraud, but wasfairly recovered. I tbink whetherthereIsonehundredoronethousanddollarsof ittbePresidentandSecretaryofWartotheircommumdamages due. That is a question with which I hivenothing to do. The Comptroller says there was no con-tract and no abrogation, and as the Senator chooses tomittee, reported back tbe West Point Appropriation bii. with a recommendation by a bare majority of the cemmittee that tbe House now concur In the Senate amendment providing for calling into service a regiment ot Texas volunteers.two hours and flfteea minutes. At a quarter past testified c4i«he trial. It did not so appear that any one seven o'c.ock the bag containing voluminous telegraphic of tbem made any attempts to get at the actual cost orcation iu response to acall of the House haa said thev thought this additional force necessary, but they boib. Studiously avoided an expression of opinion on the subjectH Russell, placed upon the pony, a spirited bay mare, b y open the judgment and order a new trial. T h e discretion Mayor Tbomsson, auiiust great enthusiasm, wnen th- lit with which courts are clothed to order new trials is very tic bay dathed oft"at a rapid rate, bearing her burden to well expressed by Graham, after a lull review 4tf the au-Barksdslo's) colleague , (Mr Iamar.) who yetterday LK* irom other bankspolygamy a s Congress h a tJoin Hasterson, an Irishman, about 32 years old, died t»>.-< morcicg from the effects of a stab in the bowels,the case of Cutwater vs. tbe Mayor, and the same said Carlton did neglect and refuse to give up tb.e body ofNaw ORLEAICB, April 4,1860. Cottonsalestoday12,600bales;pricessuffer,bitquo- tation*unchanged. Sugardull. Flourdull,at$676a $6. Lard, in barrels, 10,'j'c. Whiskey quiet, a- 11 . a legatee from those territories 8*3s that they are entirely 21,' c. Freights of cotton to Liverpool 17-32d. ExchangeMr. TBUvaa, (rep) of Mats., replied that one of tbe de-accordingMormons, in great numbers, aretravelling towards Pike's Peak and Carson Valley, to engage in mining.Mourns, April 4, 1860. Cotton—Sales to-day 8,600 bales, at prices rangingMr.GoccHhadnodoubtthattheywerewillingtodoall from10c.a10*£c. Thesalesoftbelaststhree daysadd theycouldtog'taTerritorialorganization. Hewas,how- up8,COObales,sadthereceipts 6,600 bales. Sterlingever, told this morning by one of these delegates that they exchange, 108 a 1C*J».SAVjjnua, April 4, MW. thai this ittaintiff fcas recovered double the amount which atKwered the charges made agatoat Mm ** « l " " *bf.r foil power oxer sil rightful subjects o* legislation in ****" tbeTerritories,subjectonlytotheconstitution.Mr.BRASCH-DOyonbettersCongresspossessessove- retanpowermtheTerritories? FSeurquietPiinaljsxwu, Aprfl4.ISflO. »\Sn60a$163forwhiteto theexerciseofasounddiscretion,should setasidethe jndgmtntandorderanewtrialJfhnW.Btmtat.AcMayor,*c—Tbeservicesfor whichthisactionwasbrought werepsrtormod,andth<5city bss bad the benefit of them We are asked to set tbeicdemtntsslde, simply npon the ground of tb* tavsyidny I Bag^J* «f» JuTmnTt Mtieplatat^sappotatmest,apurelytechnicalobricu«,| §»»•«£.2 tEmV asd I done* think thatany emsieVpaattan 'fMspwhste I TmiartJ«* ***"*&**Veroaoat Railroad. ftaW.MT.,April4,I860.'Third—That the Sergeant s t Arms ctnnot depr.r.sc i. s power to others out of tbe District of Columbia.despatches from a'l pa'ts of The country lor the Sacra• expense, nor do they show here tbey read a sum ex m«ntoUnion,theSanFrancisco BuUain, andtheAUa pressedinroundnumbersat$5,000. Theplaintilt'andbisCabfoinian. together with forty nine letters, five private attorney also swear that the judgment was not obtained Ciscoandintermediatepoints,was.bytherequestofW uponthefacts-herepresented,thatwearecalledupontea grave and high offence,power in toe premises. It was not a crime against the Imm a dirk knife in the hands of Herman Yiifces, in an Idense existing in the Comptroller's office is of such a strant wss taken forcibly by your Sheriff trom tb* custodyres. what was the gentleman's opinion?The following arc the footings of our weekly bank state- m e n t : —but denied thatUnitedStilus. Congieescannotlegislatewiselyandpro L«ny for the Territories. He tiaid that If the federal go- vernmenthadanypowerwhateverinthe matter,asas- sorted by gentlemen, It bad the power to make tne Terri- torial government pass laws for the protection of proper ty, and if the Territorial government failed to do thin, then the federal government could alter the Legislature of that Territory, and put another there which would passaliiayonMondayeveaine. Vilkesisincustody Tne toronei'sjuryfounda charge againstVilkes andhewas fullycommitted.The WvsUher » t Montreal. MONTREAL, April 4,1860.characterastorenderItnecessarythatweshouldknow atleastthenatureoftheevidencebeforetheReiereoupon whichthejudgmentwasfounded. Itdoesnotappear tbat any pen-on represented tbe City Counsel upon the trial before tne Releree. Tbe Referee's report is that he heard proofs asto^he facts, and he finds that the ma- terial allegations In the complaint arc true. Under theseofsaidCarltonandhiscompanions,tbiogbUveaforesaid writofhabeascorpus called for the bodyof yourme- morialist,andwasdulyservedbytheproperofficer,all of wbich he conceives to be a grievous vtotatien of bis rights as a citizen of this commonwealth, aad therefore he prays for such relief from yoar honorable body a sMr. UOOCH, (rep ) of Maes., offered an amendment, not differing In general principles, but in the details, from the bill under consldet ation. He designed to limit its opera tion to Utah. This government has the power, and it wasJckn KeUy v* The Mayor, «fc.—The questions of lawinvolved in this motion have been decided to thecase ot Outwater against the Mayor, and tbe same de-cision is rendered upon this motion. The judgment wasfor $407 fur work done in clearing certain streets of the debated at length. Tbe resolution wss passed at tbe city under a contract with the Corporation, Tbe ptainufi,degrees above zero. The ice is breaking up and the river is open in front of the city. Steamers are running on Richelieu river and there is every prospect of an early cpening of navigation.Sailiwg o f tine Canada. ~ BOSTON, April 4,1860./ The Cunard steamship Canada sailed at noon, with hi'ty- seven passengers for Liverpool and 21 for Halifax.theijudgmtnt and direct a new trial.BOBTOS, April 4 , I860. T . B . SANBORN.PHILADELPHIA, April 4,1360. Stocks firm. Pennsylvania state fives, 94^'; Reelingeasier,fflgas—-»• •-cterest demand* that we thotrta-ifterfete in suacmh a ess*. " dayUntitled Document****«Tbe Albsamy"Corn:l"steady. WhiskeyArm, WheatW**»*_*jm!, tinIWMMinthis citytoday purchaser- theAlbanysatThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comossraasiaii. aorild, I860.*S.*.t.- w hi fftoD«x>unty. Use amouat paid wan AB*WBeardofDirectors.©*Jur s de. * - f^eJcdre,nh*sopinPntathefirstcase,says—ed ; s n d thisone—is neitherthe affidavit made in behalf of the pl\ia tiff. Tbe Comptroller further shows that he knows he will be able to prove tbat tbe damages sustained by the plan tiff in reference to the building did not exceed *5<.0 That be has caused them to be examined by competent bullae) s to ascertain tbe amaunt of the actual damages sustainedfact—csrtatn'y a contradicted n o rvery important questioned infore mentioned; that such builders offer t i build the entire rear wall for tbe sum of $1,000, and oomplctelv restore tbe plaintiffs property to its former condition, Tbe plain- till swears tbat he met tbe persons sent by the Comptroll- er; that tbey only examined the outside of the walls and did n o t go through tbem or examine the side walls, and that be proposed to show them other damages or injuries, which they declined to examine—that the damages are not confined to tbe rear walls, but that all tbe walls of all the houses are injuied. He has also submitted the affidavits of four builders, who swear that they have examined the buildings, and that it will cost $6,000 to rejtair the damage done t i tbim by the overflow ofjSMie sewer ; but this testimony is o f the«decision Is made upon this motion. Tbe documc-niarv ev- your memorialist or remove his handcuffs -. but your remon-h e a r i n g . _ _ _ _ _ »JOHfrBKOWNMEETINGINALBANY. / AUUST. April4,ISM.AJobt Brown meeting was held here teat night in re, 19,263,000 ler's affidavit was interposed at the trial. It appears that eponte to an address from Hayti to citizens of Albany'Tbe excitement spread, aad the town belts were rung,is tbe writ of habeas corpus:— COMMONWKALIH or Ma^ACBrsarrs—ToTUBstaMun*oroiKI-OINTTUS,AC—Wecommaniyou that the body ot Frank B. Sanborn, of Concord, in tbe county of Middlesex, by wias Carleton impris n>*l and restrained ot his liberty, as is said, you t u e aad i.svo before a Justice of our Supreme Judicial Uourt a' Bcaiou,Dated April S, 1880,and signed by £ben*z<r RickvoodSecond—That the precept for arrest being dire<*ted to th' Scrgesnt at Arms by name, he alone can serve uAfter hearing t b e argumenta Of t b e counsel, C O f JusticeShaw brieflyreviewedthe droams'maooa ofthe case, slating that it presented no oontiici of autho- rity ttetween the Executive of the United Statesand tbe executive officers of this Oourmonwealui. AMto (be  