 SV*cial Dispaickohserratlon were much than In greater;^c*?< v^'-x"mmfrom Mr. Lincoln's Home- The Latest CabinetTHE qCESnON OF DISUNION.A H<n« MewMn T*nc of FeeUng: Uk 'me Sontb.Doubts About' the Secession of South Carolina.BISCUSSiON OF THE MATTER IN THE CABINET.Pmi4»t BiehtHM Tkisks there will be No lecegiioH SnrlBg hit Term.TOKB OF THE SOUTHERN PRESS.8auB9c«le of SovKfeem Students in :A(ew>T«rk.asperplexity South is at a loss duced to the meeting, who prefitced Ua imaaiki kvhtorestingengaged listening, Tuavir was escaped.time, pursuance of that act. If any rifled cannon are on their way to Richmond, of whichoffensive triumph this, when in her theto tk* Knr-Terk Tim**. Sp»iii«»iiiJ), 111., Frldiy, Not. 9.;but, unfortunately, so far as the result isI fnd that lb. Lwcoui i« not inaensible to any The Raleigh, (N. C.,) Press is also an evil conjec-iimiliK III! in the minds of cukdid men, nor to any turer. Hear what it says " We repeat wtiat we said :Navy-yard, yesterday. The wildest extravagances the general stnliment of the largest slaveholders in the•ommerelal or financial—as it has existed than there is for the dead and thearereportedand measurably accredited.South. It Is the sentiment of men who know theiryoung men to wait till tUefr 2 reqiecttreof disturbance In Ik*eountjy. Iftherebesachstill,hedoes,sofarasrights, and who consider it no more necessary to pro-Palmetto fiags are floating from many streets in claim eternally their intention to defend their prop- nor politically. And in all that time, with an uncer-expreasionthere is no more hope for the Union at jinsent advised, deem it unnecessary for him to lost." Its neighbor, the Register, is of a differentake or aathoria* any public declaration. He thinks naiiimenneedonlyexaminehis rlewsalreadybe- fnetbepobUc.and vehemently circumstances.opposesdisunionthe United States flag and put up the Palmetto before arrival at the port of Charleston. It is so re- ported here by the passengers.^ When that attack comes, depend upon H, they will be could be inflicted upon her. Out of the Union she was a Union man, and had organized, taibiad ^idThe Richmond Examiner still continues to Leaiing Republicans here are opposed to giving for disunion. Does the Examiner wish to precipitatepolitical independence because her first choice has been rudely and offensively denied to her, with an equality oftkoneenloniitaanysatis&ctian as to wliat will bellon in Virginia. A gentleman of this city, of theYancey school, has caused a badge to be made likethe cockode now worn in South Carolina, and thisemblem of secession has l)een exposed for sale in one TBE ADilINISTRATION ORGAN LXTTINO ITSELF Southern students, welcome to Richmond* Somtk: IjHoaaeacourse. Theysay "What is the use ofMtlas jonr enemy know what you will do when he The RichmondreadCarolina has seceded.Richmond, ybti.t. Pridag,Why tell him, if he strikes you, whereatiaAa you Tyoaaregcdqgtohit trim? Why should Lracouc put which ventures to affirm that Louisiana will neitherHe advised immediately for his home.Mb OBaiBiet on their guard ? Is It not better that the 8a«a«rinnlits should be in the dark as to how they vol ke treated !"Mr. Ijjkioui is still receiving all who choose to call at tkc ZxectttiTe Room. The Sacker State is wellVirginia,allHonest farmers, sturdy ploughboys, tBlnent lawyers, judges, drovers—all are received Mtdialiy, and authorlxed to keep calling him UucleMr. LiKCOUi laughs good-naturedly at the variousCaklaeta Bade up for him by the newspapers. Hisattaation was directed to-day to Mr. Cuans Nona'Wail-ttrcet speech, suggesting Rrvxs, Bone, Billaad WixTia Datib for Cabinet positions. He or prospect of the present unhappy and fearful dis-in Its conscious and strengthandfollowing report Whereas, Therepresented.compared to disunion, all other evils yet ex-courage, nable in its devotion to the Union.impreg-fess that we cannot do- thatwearenotsingularinouropinion, itwilllie terrible to receive the ignomiaious punishment of traifors with which one of our neighbors threatens us, and it is lamentable to feel that another pities our folly and want of common sense. But we must bear both the future and present calamities, if there is no otherLincoln's election is fraught with extreme danger to the Republic.We have no ambition to find favor in the sight of UrJLincoln. Weannouncenowourdeterminationlaa^ad, and said he thought that was enough for tk* Booth. He said that some were not content with trlas klm one name, but mentioned two or three in eachoflee. He continues to receive applications for dfee from Sonthem men.Mm to-daywhich stares it In the face. • . .To drop metaphor—the people must now consider whattheir interest and welfare require them to do infence of the Statethe appropriation, made at the last session, of $100,000 for militia contingencies.Mr. BuisT addressed the House, and spoke in sub-Tkt foDinring Cabinet was made up forpermittedhave been the men to precipitate the country into thelead of SiwAU, Guilxt, Ceabi and Gmnaoa, bad made tbe decidon tliey had at the late deetion. Southerners would expose themselves to lidieule were they to remain here. 'Mr.CLcmncameforwardtostatethatke-mwtnotMississippi niiMlkiiiiiiiii.ky the SciMcney of tkls place OMi'tWry ifStat*SttnUrs «/ War a»tttUin«/**'^<"V ffMRMrjt r/tke Trtamiry PntBtMter-etneTol Amnuf-eenerat:atUnion which our fathers handed down to—such aBttrttcry'iifIke Interwr"Resolved, That we leave this City for our boiacs election for President and Vice-President of the South which we is calcu- as soon as any Stole secedes."Wm. H. SiviaB. F. P. Blue, Jr. H. W. Divig. JoBif SaxaiiAS. H. Etuuidoi. S. T. Losan. Johh Hicevan.us,deep institutions, which%iust perish if the fabric in which they are en-of life or death to our which now Institutians,O. J. VceHngatWaaklagton—MeetiacoftkeCaki- countyhasgoneforLx:TC0Lif.worse. Let these considerations be laid to heart, and let them beUuited and the untoward Carolina, print elsewhere, "States, consummation of lated to excite not only tne people of the Palmetto A Voici— South Carolina, the little palmetto, hasthat greatonuartional contest, which is upon this day Sihie, but those of other Slates." North as well as already seceded."— at Beceaston et TkeQnesilanThe Express has the following *'will not exree'l 12,000. —Tke PrestdeBt tklnks tkere will be no. it is rumored that Jons Bill will have a Cabinetparagraph Rcffin, Esq., of Hanover, tne dis-Mr.AbhbtcalledtheattentionoftheaudiencetoDlscassed (Uag done before tke 4tk of Marck.Social SSspatoh to the Naw-Tork Time*. Wasbisotos, Friday. Nov. 9.The Cabinet had a protracted session to-day,during which the present unfortrnate State of affairsin the South was freely discussed. President BocaAy-Aji expressed himself as confident that South CarolinawouldleavetheConfederacy,whetherit becallednullification,secessionorrevolution. Onthispointall agreed, but the President did not believethat secession would actually occur during his termVirginiasuch was the case, his own rights, passedthrough the city on Tuesday evening, to lake any action upon the subject of the recom-Be anticipated that tilings will go on as they are until citing advices from South Carolma, Georgia and othertkc fourth of Karch but should the issue be precipi- Southern States, bat confidence in the ultimate result;tated before that time, he thinks it would be madness continues strengthening. Stocks of all kinds declined, lo attempt coercion, as the slighteit collision would but mainly owing to moneyed operators taking advan-Ordered, That so much of the special order as re-nanced. Wisdom, moderation and patriotism must lates to tbe call of a Convention of the people of the ereign States, having and sharing equal rights in athe whole country, and involve us in irretriev- able rain.of the crisis to demand call loans. The money market is feverish, banks acting cautiously, and re- fusing large offerings from merchants and others. There is no real scarcity of capital, but capitalists are indisposed to let it out until public sentiment assumesMr. CuHiiisGHAH'B resolu'lon,;;Lincoln 37,052 Douglas, 23,t2S7 Breckinridge, ^072disrupttageauthorizingthe Gov-The hope was generally entertaiaetl by the Cabinetthat the cool judgment of the best men of the Southwould prevent secession on the part of other States,BBless some conflict should occur—Secretary Cobb a more settled basis, which is confidently anticipatedevery turn, and denounces their eflorts to overturn the Government, or resort, at this lime, to revolutionary proceedings.sion for poroses of common defence, was passed and lent to the Senate for concurrence.DIHONETRATION AT COLUMBIA—BPEECB OF MR. BOYCr.neath the others in the Confederacy—one of wtilch is quite as absurd as the ott)er.PENNSYLVANIA. Countt.—[OflScial.]—Bepublican, 2,«7 ;when the first flush of disappointment subsides.You can safely say that Maryland is uncompromThe message of Gov. Bsowii, of Georgia, was se-Tcraly criticised, that portion suggesting a repeal ofthe penal laws being pronounced the ravings of alunatie. The commercial policy recommended by me that the Senate has kin was approved, and pronounced by several mem-bers of the Cabinet to be the proper remedy for theevils complained ofhasten matters and annul the resolutions adoptingCoLoiiBiA, Tuesday, Nov. 6—P. M. Hon. W. W. BoTca was serenaded, this evening, byBell vote, 2.VIRGINIA.Baltxhoeb, Friday, Nov. 9.The Arrfrican has the following special : " Orte hundred and ten Counties in Virginia give Breckin- ridge's majority 600. The Coimties not heard f^om gave Letcher a majority of 300.''alone excusing the extreme position of South Car- etlBa.them in the purchase, and in less than two hours se-as follows :I thank you for t)ds manifestation of kindness, and;;Ike Federal Conhtitaiion; she will De Itt alone present AdmisistraUon.hope we will consider— meetasof self interest let them the representativesNor.9. Returns from 13 Counties in the Southwest give Breckinridge 2,700 Democratic a,SW.but should South Carolina—one whichfor the and the samepublic welfare, abnegationNo effort will be made at present to Gil the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of the Federal Juiges.the noble men who entered the old State House ofPhiladelphia, on the night of the 3d of July, 177S—tocome to an understanding, to yield their personalfrenzies to tbe popular voice, as indicated by the will of the majority and into council withGEORGIA.AuocsTA, Friday, Nov. 9.Thirty counties in this State give BeU 19,000,bytheticularly among those who deem the election of Lin- OOLK just cause for a dissolution of the I'nlon.Great crowds have assemoled around the bulletin boards of the various newspaper offices, to-day, and the inteiligeoce has proved anything but welcome to the great body of our citizens. The election of Liir- COLH is truly a national calamity. May God avert the storm which seems to be now impending."nal kindness, with all due allowances lor the opinions of all classes of our people, whatever their opinions may be. In my opinion the iiouth cannot submit to /^( ffec(iono/f.i»cofn, because he is the nominee of a sectional party—a party confined altogether to the Northern section of this Confederacy.It was not into such a Union that our ancestors en-of living, breathing, anil patriotic people; not as the mere representatives of themselves and their ownmajority. gain',The Stole is now considered certain for Breckinridge.U South Carolina does not desire the Federal Courts, disposed towards absolute secession, but others coun-though they gothePresidentthinksnooneshouldcomplain andas ;Ike Collector at Charleston has >u>t resigned, as ru- mored, there is no embarrassment felt here.Tke whole number of Federal troops, from Mary-land to Florida, is less than 1,000, 500 of whom are in;tered—it was not a Union of one section dominaat differing views and policies, to come outwith aunitedthe School of Fort Monroe—the rest being aArtillery compact,PreparationsOrganiiation of Committees of Safety and Minutea healthy consolidation of consen-ative opinion, s-.ch as would be a standing barrier in the way of ill wild and treasonable projects in future.three of them at Fort Moultrie, in Charleston harbor. Nearly the entire military force is employed at present West of thedwellings.Tosuch a party why shoi:!i: we submit? If wesubmit to this, we will submit to even greater evils.few scatteredation of a President, The Picayune has a decided con-Mississippi River.Texas.Q.ing Mmute Menabout political subjects, nor permitting even an appre-'to was to dare : to dare ! My idea, then, isthat ourthe JnmAl the Dela- ^There was an immense meeting of Bepubii(l(asin Music Hall of the eleo&on to-night, congratulatoryChabus A. Phzips.Companies,withoutbetter pretext than the constitutional elec-MiuinoiTou, Fiiday, Kot. 0.Prominent journals South generally advise patience, President Bcchasah will act on the idea of the con- calmness and reasonable submission, rather thanelituUonal right of a State to time will Direr in hi; Annualbut at the samean argumentfor a single one of these statements, except that asmall county meeting on the seaboard adopted Ex-Gov. Wiaz's resolutions in favor of the orgaidzationof MeiL Satur- Committees of Safety and of Minuteday last, which one of the Herald's correspondents al-was a of terrific daycan refer to their societies. Look to their Press, their public speakers, look to theirdisapproving of it. vided.on Uussympathyexpress'^d, not onlybymobs andviolence,Should peaceabk- seccs-lonthe •Ith of March, the opinion was expressed in thepostponeexcited.Formation of Com- panlen of IMInnte Hen—A Higbly-ColoredfeeUng.circumstancesof pageantry, as if a suffered.pomp martyr hadCabinet to-day that a conflict would be dissolution of the Union inevitable.<:ity, this year.Breckinridge's plurality wUbe about 3,000.lIt is much regretted by all infiacn'Jal ir.entkat Mr. liincoLB did not come out with a c-.ins,.rvi-ttre pronuncUatimto when called on for a|,spcect.. His reference to previous speeches is rcg-irded a- Ln- IkTorable.Gen. JoHsaojr, having selected the Department of California in preference to that of Texas, has been assigned to that command, and Maj-Gen. Twiocis toTke FeelingInGeorgia—Southern Medical Studentsihension of disunion to cloud the mirror ofIsecede, Messagedangerous, inconsiderate haste. This is especially so throughout Virginia and most of North Carolina. It is believed that South Carolina's disposition to the question until January, indicates a con- viction against precipitate action. Gentlemen from Washington, to-night, say that matters there are lesswhatlsay, )ouResolutions to Return Home Adopted.point the Cabinet aredi-but by Representative bodies, in their Courts of Jus-tice, as evidence of this. There you find the JohngreatWhen we remember what Brown intended, we un- derstand their sympathy towards us. The que*tionFederal will not hold office under Lihcols.Siipatch to the Associated Press. WABBHiaroH, Friday, Nov. 9.forthe most talentedbyMastih, of Lm-vanlargenumber ofHo apprehension exists in official quarters that any efforts wui be made to seize the forts or othercided measures, loooking to the will be adopted.Awhich follows a period alwayspublic property In thewould be toleratedas no such movement the authorities of the States InanthorltyAs to the stories of " Virginia Arming Herselforder. TheSouth,highly exciting scene occurred in thisIHE UNION.past 8 before the house was called tcbylocated. The' questionsA Ncrthemcity this„,an. named a mond," theyIWFrom the Baltimore Sun, Nov, 9.a Chairmanwliieh Ihcy aredistract the people of that acctl<« being of great deli-Tuatm,fromcacy, nothing wiu ba done exeouttre byturned, was charged wlU.among the on resoludons.mMiwww.fultonhistory.comno", take place prior toand sectional ex- was the dullest and flattest daycertain, and a_^______ W.1 havewhich nowprMlttwL Among the qwakers were Hsnst Vfnaai, Mwttl P. BoBLiaaAHB, RicHAas Waxbin, of .Mew-TMI^^ai^hirethe way toand which had drawn together by far the greatest lution is to stare it in the lace. I think the only policy lectures in this City, to meet at the hall of the Medi-crowd ever seen in Richmond upon that or any simi- arrn as soon authentic Intel- for us is to as we receivelar occasion. This vast assemblage, composed of the ligence of the election of Lincoln. It is for Southa course until ing ordinance.South Carolina had passed the nuUify-jIthyt inLiaTouia, of this State, is preparing power. The treason is not with the South. In her man, and that for three months be ha short time agoand then beDr. SiHs was foUovyed by Capt St c.r-tjj ]opinion altogether, imder'anyflagheard from, but their "tongue" will be in "their swonle."I beg to meotion a significant circumstance in con- nection with the wonderful stories of the Herald's cor"could only exist burdened with regrets as an unwill-commanded the body-guard of the TTnirin rinrililain JoHH Bill—but now he was for Immetetrdlmakai. Dr. Sims had said that when any State iad seoMod, then it would be time for Southern students to laaire. He held in his hand athe South into scenes of olution ?bloodshed,carnageand rev-the people of Charleston not to allow cotton to go toBoston, Other kinds of extravagances and reports are afloat.IN THE NATIONAL CAPITAL. DOWN OBADUALLT.telegrapldc dispatch wWAkeunion;andagreeswith the New-OrleansPicayune.,NEWSPAPERI.NOICATIONB.past. Duringweek,inaddition to thelarge pop-J'rom theNov. 9.everySouthern medical student to leave"sectional, battle has been fought, and although the official report of it has notmorning, calmveres,perienced are light accumulation of all."been victorythere can be nomanner of doubt thatand we believe, further,The PetersburgDouglas' vote inbreadth. Inasmuchastinpuished agriculturist and champion for Southern opinion was that it would be impolitic for the House message, it must command atteiKlon. It I.-; true that the fact that the dispatch was not dated in South Car-^fS^f^S^^^ ^mm Si^-'--'e WetontOL. X.—KO. 2852. NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1860.PRICE TWO eEHTpgT oftheAroUand Exprcu would be «no,lj j,against the General Government at th's junetnre, city. Refusing, he was waited on by a crowd this af- JoBH Bshw* raid, and was adopted with the view ofover Ihe people of sovereign Stotes who reject his iTHE REPUBLICAN SUCCESS. wha4 however, the President wiU perform his duty ternoon. The crowd, which increased to several hun- deftDding the State from such Incursions In future. It principles and avowedof5uV enforcing the laws.The resignaUonof the Federal officers at Charles-ton being contingent on the acceptance by the Presi- dent, time will be allowed them to reconsider their action.An erroneous report has prevailed that the Presi- dent intends issuing a prociamaUon, but it will be remembered.that Gefl. jAexsoH did not pursue suchbefore the mtoling of any of the Presidential Noml- nalhsg GOBfenlions, and the arms have been obtained fromtime to inI,;I;rights, their Institutions, general couled-to withdraw.The Cabinet to-day held their first meeting since the Presidential election, but no question in con-constitutionalshe isandthe tought byperfect eqtialityofthe underci aai tbeHtttk^Ikat tbe electton of AnaaitAK XoRMUr'to tka highest olSce hn Oie gift of Oit ini|>l tewas for and the soonn OBbdNte^! disunion,containedbutcne finel ^Southern events required formal action. Tke FeoIlBg in Virginia-Dlnnlon Discaun-absorbing affiUatitm whattver with Ik^Sectssionisls. A good thing was said latelytion of the jugated at will.that shemay be reduced and sub- ^sinceaeetionwlthofdublic interest. Ht kas noUnion,tenaneed— One Conaty !• tor Iiincsln.in the OldDemln-Governor, who was overflowing with fire and com- antdemtpoeratelybatlveness, on Ihe subject of fugitive slaves. Theand harmoniously. TheUnion at firstsUve Stotes, auf the sUve Stotes had tSpecial Dispatch to the New-Tork Times. RicanonD. Friday, Nov. 9.The Bouthera Press continues to discuss the question of secession, pro and con. It will in the end amount to nothing but talk, if no aggressions are made on the rights of the South.The news from South Carolina is viewed with In-dilTerence. If she wants to go out of the Union shecan go peaceably. Virginia will not go with her, thatis certain. Before she is out one year she will findwhat a great mistake she has made, and undoubtedly will fall into the traces again.The Goidsbord, (N. C.,) 7Viii(»e proves itself to be a false prophet when it says:**' We do not believe that this Union will endure three months. The an- nouncement of the Republican victory of the North sounded to our ears like a death-knell of tliis United Confederacy."tothejlwth? "No,"wastheanswer,"butweherated, nursed, cherished, andthemselves to ridicule byfurther He ninfa«hipaWhig opposessecession and dis-of our most conspicuous shop windows for a weekthatulation of our city, there has been an immense acces-sion of strangers from all of partsrecession cockades has been sold. From theseyour readers may judge what amount of reliance is to be placed In the flaming stories wliich the New-York Herald is daily publishmg about vast excitement and preparationsformilitaryresistanceinVirginia. The whole State is as calm as a Summer'slead nor follow in any secession movement. knowledges a fealty to the Constitution, and regardsher own honortoo highly to favor extreme measuresIN VIRGINIA. Petersburgh (Va.) Express sayuwe shall " cool off," that it is " love's labor lost."should not wait fior their Stotes to secede, but should go borne and.urgethem to secede.The Commitee on Resolutions then tta presealed:beforeof the illustriousalternative. In the wordscause we carmot entertain the that Southern opirdonmen are to Mr. LnrcoLn's election with- likely acceptout or wecon- murmur, complaint remonstrance, yetthey:become the lastJacxeon, whose memory she re-TheWe be mayvery treasonable,or be- very foolish,;because that brings with it an 'perched uponthe BlackRepublican ban-her, our interests are Identified with her in-Republic. Statesmen anu patriots must now come forward and take counsel together upon public affairs. This is no time for heartless politicians, and crazy fanatics, and infuriatedoffice, and that Mr. Botts will be Secretary of State. Should Mr. I.iscolf make these appointments, he will do a great deal to harmonize the Southern antipathy to his rule, and at the same time allay sectional feel-;olina, but in Richmond, Va., and that If So«th Caro- lina had seceded, it would be known in New-York assoTohneas in Richmoofndth.e amendmentquestion beingcaUedfor,the amendment was adopted by a large majority. The impression, however, prevailing that many had votejin thefirst resolution, a division of the house was called for, which was made.ings.SpecialDispatcktotheNew-TorkTimes. Baltihore, Friday, Nov. 9.The feeling here to-day is feverish under the ex-Tke Feelingand Elsewhere inThe election of Lincoli), as next President, has, at least.servative articlealso the Bulletin and other"they can astonish nobody as much as they do the peo- beautiful ^outh to a howling wilderness. Can weple of Virginia. There is not the slightest foundation submit to such a party? In my opinion, we should;;Douglas, 10,104.;__^_^____affirmative, supposing they were voting for tbe Throughout the meeting, the speakers itbo advo-Idtke Bonth-No Prokabllity of Dlsonion— CalninesB Retnming.Marylandisingly opposed to disunion. The Union feeling strengthens hourly in all parts of the State.The correspondentwillA dispatch from Columbia this afternoon informs-a bill, withof the Convention at an earlier day.Extreme politicians continue much excited, andI understand that a dispatch was received at theone vote, dissentingfor thesubject secession,Independenceproviding state Convention to consider thecallingUnited States.From this fact arises the greatest question wliich we,and when almost all of the old' thirteen were Counties, claims that Breckinridge gains over Letch-just passedonlynow so reckessly trifled with,The Gazette in summing up the returns from IMofand fixing the 8tn of January <is the day of elejling members thereto, and the 16th of January for the Coiivenlion to assemble. It is generally believed tliat tlie House will demand an election, and the meetingthe of South Carolina, can pot^slbly Dc called peopleSlave (Stares. Let them be actuated ty a desireer's vote 6,310, and Bell over Goggin's 12,532.sel moderation and cautious action. The feeling in Charleston and other Southern cities is less violent— the people finding two sides to the question with iaflu- entiaiAmerican.The sensation stories which the New-York a Union where wc are to be subjected to ano'her sec-identityfepce and preservation of the identity of interests thevBreckinridgeparties.The sentiment in New-Orleans isunder such as flaming captions,isArmingpartyInstitutions— it Is a party but to ponder on the liest means of se'f-preservationdecidedlyadverse to secession or a disturbance of the Federal" "and SomewkalAoouBiA, Ga., Thursday, Nov. e.on Fourteenth-street,remaining here or going home, sinceAmoalngDispatch.caltheir course inthe result of the election ofhowever, being unwilling mat the hall should be used forTIm south of telegraph lines are downAugusta,and brave men— out day after day to the Fair pouredgrounds, excited by the bright skies and the beautiful and peaceful spectacle, and the interchanges of social courtesies and kindnesses, which none appreciateTuesday. The Faculty,of Absahaii Lmooui.It |> aand wc have nothing, in consequence, from Milledg- ville.Meeting- ar.- being held all over Georgia for form-wforce, bearing handsomebanners andcorps. A meeting has been called Augusts t.i-ni.,rrow night. It will be managed bythe unirer- tal gayety ai,d happiness. Saturday was the breaklng-is to dare, to darechanged to the Democratic Head-quarters on Broad- way, opposite Astor-Place.frcm nearly ever>- State south of Mason & Dixon's line.The hour of meeting was 8 o'clock, but it was haif-Congress Hail,Eveningoffice,private dwellingsafternoon.has no other foundation than the steps which have been token by the State authonUes, in obedien:e to an act of the Legislature, passed last Winter, appropriating half a million for changes in themeeting wasorganized by appointing;of LnooLR and Chas. W. Slaok Hahlin.and conservativethecitizens, and de- instead of "immense excitement," there was that who contendedSouthernershom<«.pathicdo.-tor and form;, resident, recenUy re-also four Secretaries, and a comn-ittee of ttireesecession of Georgia,apathy and lasfltudeof extraordinary exhilaration and enjoyment.agitateIt is reported here that cotton in a Boston steamerw as unloaded in consequence of a determination of respondents about Minute-Men and organized rel>cl- the rights and honors of Confederation.She ac-our who lament with such course,"disunion in thefollowing strong language. I indorse every word of ii(aTO."» in his Farewell Address. It is ait, as every good citizen willercise of the mind the new to.contempiateescape than by abandoning the belief that Mr.Express opposesma for our Souttiern 3. That we thank the people of this fnr tbe:sensions being appeased or moderated—it Is the sacred duty of every citizen to do all in his power to effect that end. We are for the South. Part andofaspect of things,butthepeoplemustlookatit andponderit. It istimenowforthewisesthandsandmostpatriotic hearts in the land to enlist in the great work of ad- justing matters in such a way as to save the Reptfb-2. That we leave homes.immediately"As long as this Union can be preserved with honor—as long as there is the faintest hope or chanceSo much call for aClt^stood they have taken for the Union and the Cenatltu-parcelterests,breathes not within her beautiful simny borders a soulmore devoted to her rights and welfare than ours. Yet declaimers to be to hai e theirstance as followsHe said that the subjects embraced in thehadspoken, advising the students to Republicans,and her fortunes are ourfortunes. ThereMessage of his Excellency the Governor, and made the special order for this hour, as perhaps is well known to the members of the House who have examUaed the jour- nal of proceedings, are the recommendations as to the call of aConventlan of the people of the State, usintheface. Totheirinflammatoryanddetestable ^aadjbapracticalmeasurestobetakenwithregardtothe same time we have ,such a veneration for theway. Tlir.y sectional strife which has just culminated in the Issuethe calamitous condition of the country.At all make matteis events, they jertalnlyneighbors. We shall never dispute their title to the high places in the Lincoln synagogue, nor feel the least envy if they re-solicitude for the cause of freestaresappeals to the popular passmns Is alone attricutable "^ue defence of the Stole, and also tne resoloaon ofceive tbe rewards he can hignestshrined in our land is broken up—template without emotions of horror the approach or imminence of a calamity so appalling."Returns from little Tennessee give Brzcki5Udoi a gain of 3,50C.A letter to the Whig, to-day, states that the scatter- ing returns from Hancock County (Va.) show that the'else- agitating great country throughout its length and South, from different causes. When the Executiveremembered, purchased a number of old John Beow^t's peirkneosr, loafst December, and presented one to each Gov- theSouthernStates. Heisanardentde-a New-York but athat we caimot con-anl as wa now solemnly assert that we shall ^ever bid fOr Mr. Limeui's there is no need for itsS.some-Jiing connecte^B'ith the present political furore."opinion.of aSouth Carolina, announcing that the Palmetto Stateis no longer considered by her citizens a member ofthe Confederate Government. All the United Statesofficers have resigned. This intelligence is sa:d to upon to decide have created considerable excitement here, and par-The feeling Is gradually widening and into hostility to the Yankees among all parties.A Military Convention of the State will be held next Tuesday at Milledgeviile.Gov. Bsow;i'8During its reading in the Legislature there was warm applause.toLiiicois'aelectiontothePresidency. Theeword of truth in the assertion. The writer of this has Slates. But rights:of;sovereignStatefeels it his duty to write such aJEdmcndathe continuously protestint? position occupied by theSlate, the feelings of whu-h it wiiuld Gov. appearGist expresses, will detract somewhat in the minds of many Irom tne importance of the document, and thepositionofSouthCarolina. Stil:wccannotover-special messagein a conversation of Gov. Lxtcaii with aextremity,and decidedlyobvious duty to considerDelegations of South Carolinians aregia. Se<IateandconservativeGeorgianshavemount- edcockades. TheSouthisinearnest,dependonit.We have not a line from Charleston.N. H. T. WAiiia, Brevet-Lieutenant in the Army, who is reported to have resigned his commission, will be a candidate for Colonel of the Augusta Volunteer Battalion. The election will be held onSaturdaynightit is reliably reported that several hundred thousandmedltoted no the North wrongagainMhas to thedemands of the free StatestlUtHow tke Election of Mr. lilneoln I« Received at Ike Sonth.and in that time, and with all that crowd, only one of thesesuggest,in humor, to those perfect goodCol. Dioz, of Maryland, was next Introdaeed as themanwhogaveBaooxsthe canetowhipStnoBa"The nationalor greatcompleted,so,of theof Abeaham Lcicolji as President and "'-—" f.-- UN as Vice-Pi-esident of these United Statea,ta**hasner. The issue has been disastrous to the Uniongloomy ex-peopleNorth,by—South in thusekfUhvcausefoundation for ail the mischiefs and ills to the coun- try which were predicted and deprecated by Wasb-IN SOUTH CAROLINA. PROCIIDIKGS OF THE LI«1BLAH7RB—THK QtJEB- IION or CALLIN6 A OONTMTION.From tht Charleston Courier.Coldhbia, Tuesday, Nov. % 18*0. Mr. BmsT, of Charleston, called for the special or-derwhichhadbeenmadefor1 o'clock,viz.;for the triumph of sectionalism has laid thesigonfificeed stehcetiirohnoaslticlaintdyitdoatehse toCarolina is looked as Indicative of uponIt is needless for us to that, in our say'TheAlemndriaGazetteofThursdaysays ' :ern and Northwestern States was so thorough as to give him the majority not only over any other party,views which he had Indicated werethe result of acated disunion and were secession,loudly applauded,and children.It is pre-they believe integrity, already brtmded as traitors by the minions of this newly fledged and tinhallowedhasbeen approved.It is, in this Southern wisely,herfearlessly, the crisis of thedeepeningput Vl^inia fighting posiUon, ii; the event of is not aFederal compact she was supposed to be secure inthrough the North, at his own rtprmKi, itlfl^tevisitingGeor-State suffered much from the off^ad ruiming of slaves; devised no aggression and sanctified no crusadeMinute men are already enrolled South, and the en- estnnable and reliable Democratic citizens, that one rollment continues. of the wealthiest, probably the wealthiest and largestW. AsHBT, ofmake a few remarks in favor of modsntiaa i ness, but was hissed, aad finally only aikniad to ' ceed upon bis avowing himself a friend to fha and Southern Institutions.Dr. MuioHsity which threatened her that the man. who. of ail to them, as he was bound by the taodercat Uea to others, has been stigmatized as the embodiment of se- nearly every Southern State. He did not whk ta cession, has within the past month or two traversedthe North, and made appeal after appeal to tbe talk poUtics, but to address them a few woida of. Mb-upon orders to remsve the arms deposited in rfie Cita-del to Fort Moultsie—said removal being unauthorizedsoldiers, was solicited by Mr. Rairr to give his sup-p"ort to the secession cause. His reply was this Mr. Raxrr, every one one knows that I began life by the Secretary of War. The arms will probably here a poor man. I made all mv money in the Union,remain at the Citadel.Reports are circulating in the South aootrt theof the Astor Tribune and burning House, office, battlesbought all my negroes in the Union, raised all my cotton In the Union, sold it and got tbe proceeds of it in the Union, and I think the Union is good enough for me. I desire to live and die in the Union, and I shalleahortmychildrento dothesame." Mr.Rumreason, intelligence and patriotism of his fellow-citi-demess. He counseled the studeato to iWBi>^etaal any SootherainNew-YorkwiththeRepnblicansandDemocrats.LmcoLN was burnt in effigy in Florida near the told this story himself to my Informant. And such iscity. They were snrroonded by friends, not tbut over all other combined. • . « • of dlreetlag the attention of the House to it, and ofFederal has no and no fear. It tion, were hissed, and in manner embarrassedpartiesThe crisis is upon us, and we must continue to do ouranmendations, he would propose the following orderpower danger conveysis the error of the Secessionists that they arg'ie like inhabitants of provinces desirous to rebel against a recognized despotism, instead of citizens of free sov-everyduty to our countryRashness, recklessness and wlldness are not now to be thought of, orcoimte-!Gov. Leichie having refused to arm the Light Dra-goons of iPetersburgh, Va., with Colt's revolvers, aswas anticipated, they have determined to arm them-selves with carbines. On yesterday, four of the offi-cers of the company waited upon the citizens to aid a large concourse of citizens, and replied in substanceTbe State-rights doctrine gives to every State its own destiny. Under such a faith, and in the practice of it, the Stole is as independent of Federal intrusion as a private family.The Convention suggested by Gov. Gist ought not to be confined to the State of South Carolina. For the facilitation of peace and an expression of thewhole of the Southern Stotes, we would like opinionto see Ihem meet together—as some such movementto be Let them come calmly to- appears necessary.gether—let good, sound, mature men, representingtlieir best interests their dearest meet in apd rightscouncil—as their fathers did when founding theWayne Democrat, 2,018 ;cured the sum of $1,450. some $1,000.The Richmond press writes on the 7thof thePetersburghEx-and, indeed, the condi-Men in Virginia and the Sooth," may possibly as-tonish those Northern readers, if there are any such,purchaserequiredeepinterest whichyoutakeinthe"Executive Department of this State, to day, from lican Party Is at this moment elccte.l President of theAixxANDBiA, Friday,Nov. 9.the BaltimoreRicHHORD, Wednesday, Oct. 31, IH60.over another, that Washington, MADiso.f, RtrrLCDOs, and an and other great men entered, and if there is no other faith,of suitable for the de- purpose17,000, and Douglas 6,000.The indications are in favor of a considerable plu-Correspondence of**" mosity to Ihe South andmanifestoes and the display of pyrotechnic speeches,It Is a party founded upon a system destructive to our papers. who do not imderstand the Herald's style," but whole social fabric, and which would reduce thelegescitement hi thismilitaryLOUISIANA.seenIt was the last day of the annual Virginia Agricul-tural Fair, which had begtin on the Monday previous,— flowerofourVirginiapopulation ofourfair womenCarolina, in the quickest manner and by the most di- rect means, to withdraw from this Union. Then we will not submit, whether the other Southern Stotesill actwithusorourenemies.held a grand jubUee to-night inwas deserted the strangers, aodby that to submit to the electioncoui Is to consent lo a lingering death. IN MACIYL.^ND.TBS SOUTH MUST REMAINThe fact is now beyond peradventnre. And an ex- clusively sectional candidate has been elected to the af»rlnK Ab>litiDn sentl- State armory, and providing for the better arming and chief magistracy of the country. He is expected toThe room was w nearly filledup day,cityith" " Batteries of Rifled Cannon about to arrive m Rich-students,whicti would tend to exasperate the pabUc mind rats. Xhurstiay night he was ordered to leave th defence of the State. This act was the product of the take the reins of government, and rule with iuthorlty At this juncture it was anocniK t d tLat the Reporters.^i-- :•:&rr.pUntitled Document.f-«>,;;:t^X:^— -^>hadooconnSL'tlpnwliateverwitb the plans of disun-dred, was addressed by several citizens, some urging ion, in anyskape or form. The act was passe-l long their interests, their In tbemain, qnestedsummary treatment, and others a milder course.While the crowd wasconveyed off to the rear of the hotel andThe citizens aided his safety in consequence of the entreaties of TaATxa's wifesumed heis offsafe.etacy. their honor, dignity and self-respectHon. Mr. CLmoK, of Hlsslsalppl, waa (hen tabo-I have no other knowledge than the BeraU's state-ment, and if other arms have been contracted for, theeipianaticn is that which I liave given.It Is pretended by some of these sensation letter-writers Gov.wbat to do for her own safety, she is taunted with tbe purpose of treason, and her citizens who talk of es-saying that he 'Would say notUag tn Aakjtkat he 'would not say to his biotber or hU taHf^m, Be stoted that before last Tuesday betknown Gov. Lxicasa well for the last twenty years,and has eonversed with him on the latelytopic,experience," sym- I urisH you umM show uotir sym- pathy inftme otlur mamur," Got. LxTCHia replied. HowstpwdtoImputeto gnehamandlsnnionism, or any poHW look big towanls it He is one of the calm-The North has origin- finally Invested with the power of Government, the hostile spirit of disloyalty to the Constitution. And the issue thus presented to theacceptanceofthe South,whileitdeniestherightto escape from her avowed andpathlE* wtth you."againstfellow-cifixenE.was ready to make sacrifice of his properir, praopeeti, and even his wife and children for tbe sake of IhMlh- en honor. He closed by advlsiiig the Iyonakmen Immediately to return to thetr Soothera I ,let and soladest minds in the State,trict nthere in none of the three parties can there beof Ihe Governor'siic, if possible, from the almost certain perdition Convention, the reorganization of the Militia and de- to earn Lis disfavor, and thus leave the field open to tion,a cri.sis with the fate of the bignooga,gentlemen whogo home, for since the Black under tteLet the then summon peopleandaloneroBagnaen.theirgrapple at once with the danger that is upon them. Let them with firmness and meetup the trial which has befallen them.energiesto the subject of the Governor'sters therein relerred to^ he could well say, were suchOne of the studentsviews, but was hissed down the resL l>yDr.SKsoffieredasanamendmenttotkefastandminent coolness and peril,composure,dignityIn moments of im-astion, however, lo that doctiment, it would be seen thatself-possession are the greatest of reliances. On the other hand, wild ex- citement and despair are sure leaders to destruction.the recommendations of hiscated a Excellency were predi-second resolutions:>the guides of action.wheretn route for South Carolina. Mr. Rut'FiN, it will be mendations until the result became known:messageas relates to theremember them withmo^e common sense than ourselves. If others have ous persons, after which Gen. Brami, of Ckatte-;also the resolutions in relationtobut If it be so, as we have every reason to expect and antdictihpatieM,rt.haLtiitihceolcnownislulmrmeacteivoen awii: be untoowfartdh,emajoritvfender of the rights of the South, and his visit to South votes of the Electoral College, then he might be per- ' corne evils by underrating them.mitted to remark that it was his individual opinion that the time for action had come—and that action should be immediate, unqualified, effective and deci- sive. The reasons which influenced him in pro-not taken the country by surprise. The result was nouncing this judgment it would be inappropriate at eirected as well as oreaded. It has long been seen that time to set forth. He might, however, claim the that the organization of his friends in all the North- attention of the House on some future occasion. Thecalm deliberation upon this iiuestlon, and with a viewwhile those advocating moderation and delll>erate ac-affordingopportunityofdisposingof therecom- .in their speaidng.ADDITIONAL, BISECTION KETURNia.NEW-HAMPSHIRE.CoNcoan, Friday, Nov. 9.The State, except thirteen small towns, givesnow prevail, or the direst consequences may follow. SUte, the reorganization of the Militia, and the de- Confederacy of equal States. The mode of protesta-Brawling demagogues must not be suffered to pervert the public judgment, or lead the people to their o«n destruction."fence of the State, as referred to In message numbertions In which their leaders indulge does not partake of that temper which is the accompaniment of con- scious equality. It is pitched in a key of rebuke or remonstrance, which, to one not used to the ebbs and flows of political resources, would indicate that theof hieand that the said matters be made the special order for Thursday, the Sth inst., at I o'clock.one,ExcellencytheGovernor,bedischarged,belongsto a Dis-adversary, stigma-:The old Norfolk (Va.) Herald is actively contendingagainst the ultraists uud their extreme measures, pro-posed in that section of the State. It meets them at ernor to use the $100,000 appropriated at the last ses- States represented bv them were either above or be- BeU, 396. Lincoln over all. 9,295.attribute It to thepresent condition of affairstion of our country is such as to demand the earnest corsidcratlon of every lover of his country. In all human probability the nominee of the Black Repub-1and determine among ourselves in a spirit of frater-RicRVOHs, Friday,objection, this alone would be sufficient. Why stay inreprepresent.Such a convention—for BaicziNAicoi, and a aver perhaps nuuoritylion T This is not the only objection to this party. Besides sectional, it is a filled with ani-if held In a spirit of wisdom—ifrality all.Herald is publishing from Virginia and Washington,beingHerself," Immense Excitement in Richmond," whichhatesusandwoulddelightinourruin—aparty insteadofsuicide—would,wefirmlybelieve,result'.nVirginiafor Secession and for Civil War," whir h would rejoice to see the torch applied to ourherfacts,touchingsincerity our want of common sense, and fervently desire thatwith." He said the men younghisfrkndaadcolleaguefromCharleston,(Mr.Con- stateswhatheknowstobeanInfamousslamMrand as such hSeouhtahderner, his givenanOBAV.) He to direct his attention propaMdadvice to tbeattempted to taidone Dr. Bnn'requiredgraveconsideration. Bydirectingatten-upon contingency, namely, the result of theThe Message of Gov. Gist lo the Legislature ofMessage. "The mat-patronage,repetition by those who seek to conciliate the Presi-dent elect.WHAT A SOUTHERN CONVENTION ^OULD DO.From the States and Union, Nov. 9.IN NEfV-YORK. not ask if that party hates us. I tell you, in proof of Meeting of Southern Medical Stadents-BeU, 34,180Brown The bells toll with all the andMpeecbCBthen is, whataie we to do? inthe South ought not to submit. If you intend to resist, the way t5 resist in earnest is to act enact revo-In theappearedMISSISSIPPI.Returns from "Mississippi show Breckinridge galas.They cannot take sides with our enemiesmust take sides with us. When an ancient phiioso-rolicy was followed Mr. BoTCEGen. Wm. E.Col. CtmiNaHAa, Siupson, Richahdso.i, and others,House and aarc brilliantly illuminated and present a handsome appearance. All is excitement and r^olcing in the streets. Boston, Friday, Nov. 9.;my opbiion,papers for theofFriday morning, Nov. g, a callattendingtheytnaafNIeaelaa. Cannon firing, music playing, letting off afHreworks more highly than our Virginians, but not excited -iher wished to inaugurate a great revoluUon, his mot- ing, and consequently the place of meeting was and bonfires is the order of the evening. Tbe Capitol,;IIpolicyas In direct conflicttbut that those ofthe other City,Itbe exercise of a meredsdiiaiif tpt.Virginia Governor asked the Southern fire eater if »m tSrheachaesry which assails her Is not of her provoking.and withdraw th^ patronage from Nerthem thms.Previous to Mr. CuHroti^ISins, of this City, next waaeaBaCte. There is much excitement in Charleston consequent and arm at his own expense several regiments of nant to her. And it was to avert an apparent neces- He assured the gentlemen that be had a ilgbt ta «p«kfound of^ooaLAS.tizes such a as purpose treason,leaves her no alterna-Intlto-a disunion man, and is himself a firm supportertive but submission.Under all these circumstances, and which we areby no means to consider in all their odioui- disposedness of character, the South needs the utmost measure of forbearance, and of such devotion to the Union as she has never In all her trials been required to exercise before, to govern and guide her in this emergency. The act of deliberate secession, and which has been ascribed to her as a thing of clioice,A<momn>|, tht most conservative and Union men in it. "Ehtt is a fact to which I challenge contradiction from any quartar. Nay more, it is true of South Carolina. I heard only a few days ago, from one of our mostspeech,iCsaauaItrgtst slaveholders in this State are at thts.Ifc. Culpepper Court.bo«ias« aM^Mtd toslavehoU'eT in South Carolina, who is able to equip will be, should the necessity ever occur, most repug-:Charleston. erty than their intention io protect their lives, their tain future before her, must live on tbe hope of herThe Key Stcne State steamer had to hatil dcwn wives, or children, if attacked by robbers and ruffians. emancipation from the most odious thraldom that of Nashville, Tenn. He said that tUl last Toeadivwith their oonstitutional equalitypapetawaren-In the very fltish of such anfrom which tcharpeiantgen her conseqaurenceshour, actzens thereindicative, without avail.here, as the opportunities for learning frombitter popular majorityopen the eyes of the in one sec- to lead them to apeople rightWe can but insist, therefore, at such a crisis as this,upon common decency in the treatment of States andpeople occupying so anomalous a position as the Most of the Medical Faculty were Sootlient South must do, in the Union or out of it. In the men with Southern preferences. He Union she must remain for a time, at least, subject toa [power she can neither recognize civilly, socially,ing chosen an undesirable separatist, havingConstitution,We wouldof our city cotemporaries who are so troubled at)outand siiaUothers who are less foolish and are endowed with These resolutions called forth remarks froia rail-discovered the transcendent merits of Mr. Liaooui within the last two days, and are convinced that his lule will be beneficent, lUSt, and acceptable to the South, they have the perfect right to sing ids nraises and declare their convictions from every housetop. But let them not express their gratitude that they are so much tietter and wiser than theirTenn., took the stand. He with the agreedbestow.Whoever charges us with recommending dlsuidonGov. Gist takes an unconstitutional view of the Issue- hence his necessity for means outside of the t^onsutu- tlon to meet it. While insinuating an idea that his action is guided by the State-rights doctrine, he virtu- for, if he did, hi' wfiuld ifn fear the incoming of Abbabau Lincoln, or any otaerworse individual to the Presidential chair. To the firm State-rights believer and pmctical advocate, tireally does not recognize it;views and own ends;and let them determine, likeconvened not for the of issuing Intlammatorv purposeWasbihotos, Friday, Nov. 9. The official majorities of sixty-seven couBties In Georgia, give Breckinridge 30,000; BeU, IM**;9.000.Douglas,Beventynine cousties (official) give BreckinridgeSECESSION35,130The State Senate has refused to bring on the elec-tion of a V. S. Senator, by a large majority.FLORIDA.MoNTOoasBT, Ala., Friday, Nov. ».The Mail publishes a dispatch from Apalachico-by Mr. Cltnion, ofMarlon 8lins, Col. Dick, of Maryland, Gen.ia stating that McQueen Mcintosh. Florida,forJudgelUSaaiaalppI, Dr. Bynnm, of Tennessee, and Others.College,to take actionas topolitical purposes, refused to open it for the meet-;:ready to gf^o their iResolired, 1. That we withdraw our Northern institutions.patr<mageRejoicingsRepabllcana.alwaysgzatitode.of tkeALB.1HT, Nov, 9, Friday,The Republicanshonor of the electionperfectgalanight. TheWide-Awakesareai^IltlUltbe doctiOB Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 