 XJSTTER FROM CHARUSSTON.and on>5rst$tntions, with malice most implacable, and1 LETTERPROM A MEMBERW THE CABINET •/A correspondent appears in The Mfiy&tfy thismorning, wteo'signs himself ""One that thinks the Government as owner of the forts", arsenals,m SteDcie*, »r inc «reOCO to th--FKOM SOUTIf CAROLINA,W*am ©THTOWB Corretpoudont. .CHARLESTON, S. C, Dec S> 1860.«' How do you likr Mr. Buchanan's Message V 'the cause of secession" ' is already decreedbeyt*d contingency, ami ultim^'co defeat, is an •joining. 44The language is very kind,*' replied error fraught with the greatest "danger:. '.' Theysaid I to a representative of South Carolina this44charm the chwd of iln lightnings. South Carolinawill be out of the Union, and in the armed .assertioncf a. distinct nationality, probably before Christmas. within.the boundary of the seceding States must be»Vhatthe Gov ernment property in South Carolina,**'thet of koet-irig exclusive possession aud rerelling in beyord the-reach of homau control. God alone can•• laws."thePresidentsaysconcerningtmrion. The right of defending the public property includes alto the right of recapture after it has been unlawfully taken by .another*. President Jeffersonand take tie lead. Asfor the consequences of secession, va remark that refers to the military fertiii cations aro- matters "about which men's views are in athey bad j.i en ldm little trouble. The public property held Ibe opinion, and acted upen it^that he could order This is certain,-unless the course of events is ar- seized upon and claimed by them. That might causehere, en'lists attention. It certainly is very bravein the comraamier-in-chief of the army and ucvyte ssvy that *«the officer in •command ojf tthc'" state of eonfdet." The mind of the writer, no doubt, looks to a statu of things, which the sin- cerwt secessionists greatly deplore, as threaten-a military force to take p^-session of any land to retted by eome prompt and decided artvm on the part tie specking of some blood, but he doubted it. It cer-which the. United States "hid title,,though they h:id <.f the people and'Legislature's of the Northern States. tsrii Iv wouhl not if the eight, Cotton 'States would ... ._***oc'ts has received orders to act strictly oc de- ing their plans. *"All the oppostii&n elements," "Ansive," vhen that officer has hardly men says ho, "are likefy to assume the form of post-44•enough at any one time to man two guns to a jponement and delay. Once -chock the wheelsi b r t ! H o w TO it expected " t h e officer in com- "•of thie great enterprise, produce confusion, dis--4*mand," »#jith less than fifty fighting met, will * trust; trouble, and disgust, and you inaugurateiold these extensive forts, when stormed by a i <•< a.pclicy of .reaction that m«st' jeopardize the ibrce of, say two thousand men, like tlvso that •"result, sowing the seeds of division and par-pale and tremble, and revolution would be there, not tenor into such invaders'. If the State is prepared t»•overed Cbepultepec, Molino del ftry, & c . Dcuhtlc ^.e, should, unfortunately, worse come to worse, Hajor Anderson, " t h e officer in com-41 alysis among-the people and States of the South."The admission that there is any " opposition"may be regarded as •significant.. The writer goesK , S. C , Saturday,,Dec. 1,1860.MY DKAU U.VCLE: It is with different feelings that e*.W it will be equivalent to- blockadmg the seacoast( n th« J7t tot-k pla<>, a Texas o\\u<.'. pubheun i hTlve'Pyr rmv,» of .I.ir«=" 'Joarms. vOirw,mt f» tit %ii\atifr, '.vi •wb'iiri tj.is ii» » pophicti pr»-p* iiion-. vrl.us . oK«ti'. Itonj U.-\ «rition of nut jv.2.1 ci«i.u. or i -ti'.rt, by 6wrpt<» ©fUiA rvt*-'ii, lmmociatloti, n* bov.. -i tlj» l<t.e< IA to b* f.inc*-i i or tfhnU v.-f.r i sqpftlify'' 1 »rcA large e<; County, a^-d ion;A KIP* The folioV TUe Charles.•torn of dirsat siou that h:i« be recolle«te< "'sohtary on? 1860: j'••WlI.I-I.VMnext will i** our city and 1 place. * \\" aeltifh patriojliara J. Gray or assent, Lu •refuse to hhnd fur;. the Sti.'evLet bin him.. VIEWS At a Star»» held in Biilutions,-among" Eewolred, ' h&ro Liacc iti to cuu«<> of r». volu X'aioD, we **i=t Muter Stairs, o< «r with hi*wmai) A," and the other officers, as veil a* the *on to'utter a warning against listening to the;-Men, wildo «ll that men can do, bvt; the Presi- •?.dea of an arrangement, of oonciliat-ion, compro-raj idly to increase. It is in part the fruit of completeestrangement, and in part of a weariness of this per-petual conflict between the Noi th and the South, whichhas now lasted, with increasing bitterness, for thirtybright and cheerily in the future—now how gloomy was the cause of discontent in the Revolutionary war, and portentous, still I fervently "pray God that this and whi( h made Tories in the verv heart of the country. cup may pass aWay from us." The country here is all It is now our duty to guard in advance, and make the.will b« ba»«:d upon thf HT>gj$01- (MM hi« ability and loujc i »*{>w:ien•:e in ponttil arirtirs will fjubit?ther demonstration of it cun scarcely be required.peoj le would be simply making war upon them.him, a Jew weeks since, and implored him to exert hisinfluence in allaying the frenzy of the popular mind among us are really suffering from the depreciation in zen of every Stair, all of whom are also citizens of thetu>>- p!a<-i". After the hual uctk-n or th<» Coiumiist-e i* reportod for their domefctic concerns, and the Burest bulwarks *o th« A»««nibly, much di wcwsl^n, it i« expected, will wu^uugiven yen to collect the revenue, and execute tho other .laws, be insufficient for that purpose, Congress mayalterable determination of the Southern people.to over- My husband has but a few servants—I believe butVefore it» indo^aoaxsnt." ayainht anti-republican tendencies," combined withthrow the Government, as the only refuge which isThe same correspon dext states that the question the " preservation of the General Government, in itswhole coustit utional vigor, as the sheet-anchor of our o f Governorabip is ex< ating much attention; peace at home and safety abroad."" Col. J. D. W'iliK>u public) W .*. card, withdraw iug IUB name To the Chief Executive Magistrate of the Union is tr<>a> the li»t of contextiuit*. a> «d oiLer«. wi:o«e naJXi«M are rroiui- confided the solemn duly of seeing the laws faithfully uentiy forward now, will, per la.p*". do likewise before thV lirnt executed. That he may be able to meet this duty with kallvt 6">rn«c otf, wldch will b# <*bo;'t Moudny or Tuesday of next-•week. Fnblic opinion, or rati Wr Xr'/iUatice opiuion, it «*i«ru«, a power equal to its performance, lie-nominates his •will be diflicnlt to coTJC-ntrete «r<w any one maa at the bf>i;in- own subordinates and remove* them at his pleasure. nii';, and Mrvenil ballotf oj?< will .£ie Lr.d before auy definite result For the same reason the land and naval forces axe C U D « expected. 1 he frienda c f Mr. Ahett will make a vi^brouaextend and make them more effectual to that end.««OTt. and the trrnt ballot, nofar im d^-lu-uret now indicate, will l w a favorable one for hiai. ( Me.fctf a. Pickens, Cheaaut, Jamison,must take such measures as may be necessary andhis power is to be used ^l|B4n the manner prescril>cd B. J. Johnson, and Allen, are stiM/iu t^e field,. But for the c^ur- by the legislative departniem^ He cannot accomplish -tft-y due the lower «ectiorj of the jBtelo, in selecting the Chief a" legal purpose by illegal means, or break the lawsproper. In such an event I.see no course for you butMagistrate from aro?n«r tbeiri, CoL'.A.-P. Calhvuu would tuvu a l i d r ehajvee of election."In its impression «of this jn-orning, The Mcrcwry,trodden; that is, execute the laws to the extent of thedefensive means placed iu your hands, and act generallyrelations between the States and the Federal Govern-against Shivery, does he think, as be lies down quietly how well prepared we axe to resist a mob. Upon our of treason should they be found in anus against theplace of about 1,200 acres we have: of whites, males- United States, is to say that the people of a State can.'/least novel, if not altogether.souswL$<&nsrsjg*.it is, then the Union mutt utterly perish at the moment <V<tIsraelites and the Cauaanites was more excessive. when Gbngreta shull arm one part of the people agai ist Yv*e can't, live with them, and wo must separate. AveHere are someAttcraey-Genenl Hick to the President. latiug commerce and national intercourse, w&ch tion, should he vecimcted, is a qnestl>in for the Icisla-may. probably covsrt the attention, as lyjiwg at tive-department.proper constitutional functions'.lam,veryrcepectfally,youva,i.c. To tho President of the United Stales.• '••'Yonr right to take such nteasorea as may seem to"hc neecBpary, fcr the protectionH>f the public prbpertyTis very clear. It results from the proprietary rights ofmugs-rims, dock-yards, hayy-yards, custom-hfMUHjs,. JBUxur Wrrgr,Iat o n tftjxrS R e a l I>«»5#a*. ,,4he Sees," with " A word <of wajrniitjg;'' which public fhi's, aiid other property, which t.'io United would seem to indicate tlra* thero is an under- States have bought, Imilt,. and paid for. Besides, the Government of the-United States Is authorize i by the8git«lion on a subject which interests us, aud us alone, •agaimrt Northern money; Are yon prepared to execute inubthestrip]cd.elsefiveyears moreof suchturmoil tlat.1 We have seven hundred milesof sea coast. and agitalh n will run everybody wild, the South as Instead of defending onrtelves in the interior, ,let ns well as the North, and our servants also. How will defend ourselves on the coacfi; and to do so, we ought we step it ? Break up the Union. He then spoke of to have steam prorellers. We onghtto call out to thatthe State not beir-g too small ^o establish a separate naval pow-r of the tea-const police a gallant officerTLut,whiiJ fact tbat th*- { •exprewly tp«eTirrcnt, counter-currents, and odd^'s, in public Constitution" (Art. 1, pec. 8) to ,( exercise «xelnsiyesovereignty. Lock at, Sardinia; she was now recog- v.ho now belongs to tl e Navy (Capt. Ingrahnro), arid The Pittsburgh Chronicle publishes tbje following nized as one of ibe powers of Europe. Rome was .not who hrs been able to meet the organized forces of letter, which, it says, " a prominent clergyman' of larger than Edgefield District, and she was at one time Auttria and defy tlcrr—a gallant South Carolinian, Pittsburgh has just received from a member of Presi- the n ist' cts of the woild. This country was too large, who would take charge of if, no doubt, and put it inlegislation in oft cases whntesbver * * over all •places'pxiricliated-|b.v the consent of the I^Kislattirc of surface. To suppose," says th» winter, that the State in..which the .same shall be for theopinion, which do not show tBfeuoaelves on the i 4 ,4and her interests too diver>ifb-d and conflictintr to re- capital order. Ton should exercise your discrimina-he, " but the doctrine, in most respeetR, as to- "'iave much to learn in the ^rithm<;tic of State, it is, bos not, passed a law consenting rto tho. purchase of it and ceding, the exclusive jurisdiction.*•tally at variance with our own.'' " It is all "who delu^Je themselves iv'.th the notion that This 'Government, then, is not only the owner •'very well," remarked another, "for the Pres:- ^* there are uo differences ef opinion among us, of thope -buildings and erronnds, but; by virtue of thetoerrich. an Alx lit ion treasury. Alabama. Florida standard. Then there was some cause for arming the and Mistiffippi were ripe for seccfgion, and Georgia interior of the State, but now it is totally reversed.**dent to disclaim coercion, and at the same time *•declare bits intention to execute the SovenuoT44 present and prospective.*The writer goes on to Kay that the " secession44 of the State, as an abstract proposition, all 44 assent to," but that f.ie time aud the manners»pi cin'o and parr.mouut law, it regulates the action andpunit hos the offenses of nil whnafb within them. If any -oneol en owner's nghts is plftiniT than another, it istion, but I have l?ttle 'hope that it will accomplish anything in modcmtihg the madness that rules the hour. The indications arcthat the movement has passedcould not; if she would, separate those States from us.Nay, moie; bethought that Georgia would come indent Should rot expert them to wort a miracle -premise, as schemes designed only to procure he opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed in anywith-, the tooisjnst now in hand. 3 repe it the delay, which alone can defeat the independence State by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial proceediiigs, or byreir 'tufa, -that the. Government ami the country of South Carolina. " I t need excite no surprise," the power vesled in the Marshals." This imposes uponaglow with the fires of revolution, and such is the in-banks come up to their destiny and sustain the State ia this, her day of great trial and need, and I think the Legislature should call attention to that point, and »eo that the State in prepared to make this movement feltThe-language-of the President will not hav"babes of South Carolina, as I contemplate the imme- questions which will at once arise among.these frag- diate future of the State. You need riot be surprisedments of the ruptured Republic can be adjusted with- at any time to tee me and the children in your midet, out a retort to arms, then we have made vast progrebs for no argument could induce me to remain here ansince the history of our race was written. But the hour longer than I should be compelled to, if the worst tragic'events of the hour show that we have made no, should come to the worst.TrtHfon only where there-are Both—Miatako Somewhere— There in Treaeon Agofnut'thc United State*)—Secee«i<)ni«H. Clniu.-s ihe Power of Absolution from Allegiance, Crimee ai.d Oatha.TO THE PEOPLE OF THE, SOUTH.Secessionists deny that the United States axe any- thing more than a partnership, and tbey represent the General Government to be a mere*agency, of which tho Constitution is the power of attorney, and from, these assumptions they deduce the conclusion that th© United States can neither possess sovereignty nor com- mand allegiance.The Constitution itself, on its face, negatives this conclusion. It recognizes such a crime as treason" against the United States. Now, treason is "the breach of allegiance from a citizen or subject to a41 44the exigency has arisen which requires the ute of mili-ThV duty which these principles devolve not onlyThe exiting laws put imd keep the Federal Govern- around him. lie"has replied to me at muchlengtb, their property. Already negroes are not worth half United State.-, the two descriptions embracing pre< iselycp< n every officer} but evi.-ry citizen, is that which Mr.the same persons. Every citizen of every State, there- fore, owes allegiance to the United States, not-in his character as a citizen of a State, but in his character as a citizen of the United States.cause upon which puch declaration is based. Whether every earthly interest—the safety of my roof from the -them at present, or at most, not over half.their real it do this, though it has, bv its highest sovereign au- the retirement of a State from the Union be .the exer- firebrand, and of my wife and children from the poison value. .Slaves are a drug in tho market, my husband thority, stipulated with all the other States that its cise of a right reserved in the Constitution, or a revo- and the dagger,'-' < • . . says, end you know him well enough to judge of his citizens shall be deemed traitors if caught levying wax*either case tho authority to recognize her independence. NoW, one word as to the military force of the State, their Constitution and laws shall bo the " supreme law cr to absolve her from her Federal obligations. Con glows as a furnace in its hatred of the North, because to protect us against an insurrection. I presume, with of the land," "anything in its own Constitution andJefferson o:\ pressed »o compendiously in his first imiu- ,4ment strictly on the defensive. You can use force only to repel an assault, on the public property, and aid theand, after depicting tho machinations of the wretches to whom I have alluded, and the consternation whichpihe. No one dares to buy a servant, feariug lest he, in doing so, should he introducing upon- his plantationunder his orders as their Commimdor-in-chief. Butpeople can endure this condition of things? Whenthe Northern preacher infuses into his audience the to go straight onward in the path you have hitherto spirit of assassinations and incendiaries, in his crusadehimtelf to prevent them from being violated by others.The.acts of Congress sometimes give the President abroad discretion in the use.of,the means by which theyat night, of the Southern homes he has robbed of sleep, and of the helplors women and children he has exposed to all the nameless horrors of servile insur-the end of the Legislature. But where the mode of Executive of the Federal Government to carry it on by If the Free States will sweep tho " liberty bills" from commerce with foreign.nations after the Statfe ha« performing a duty is pointed out by statute, that is the means offeree to be drawn from the other States, is a their codes, propose a Convention of the States, andsideiing such a state of facts do you blame me for de- many of their citizens have sworn to bear them true siring to absent myself, mv husband and children from allegiance, ^eeessionism maintains its power to absolveare there any words in the Constitution wliich imply those of the North, the impending tragedy may yet be -**We take If for graded fbst tfce Geaem) CoT^mruont, u1 W the act of Congress declares that a certain thing shall be it. Among the powers enumerated- in article 1, sec- averted, but not otherwise. I feel a positive personaltion 8, is that " t o declare war, grant letters of marque humiliation, as a member of the human family, in .the xi>U):r'. \ force, to»top-».5as«.ls^oinj- out, or cpiahjfTidto, our}; erb.>r. ferent officer. The agency which the law furnishes for and reprisal, and to make rules concerning captures on events now preparing. If the Republic is to be olfered4two«Mi0M ot ftovcth Caiolina from the Union, will not atten *ptj by" done by a particular officer, it cannot be done by a dif-« IS »aci an attempt i*..-nade. it A J-'l be war; and, of oour* e, th^» land and water." This certainly means nothing more-'QifKii'.v— -..-J.C are the mmitcz* of r!outb Carolina ? muat be1 aet- He own execution must be used, to the exclusion of alltied before nn?' i-or-~id.it TWU of o^r oommercial operations.M>*n others. For instance, the revenues of the United States • than the power to commence and carry on hostilitiesas a sacrifice on the altar of African servitude, then the question of man'scapacity for" self-government is for-. The writer concludes, thai if 44 oar harbo rs" lished ports, and by.a certain class of officers; tho iPreiidcnt has no authority, under any circumstances, to,erection of forts, magfrnnes, arsenals, dock-yards, and «.tlrer needful buildings.'''' It. is benered th'at no important public buildinfr Iras been bo«;;-ht or erecte-1 on ground Where the Legislature oftfce Stnte in whichrigidly -everything '\-fi would imperil the interest ofthe belief that repose will follow the overthrow of the Government.1 doubt not, from the temper of the public mind, that but weak men, giving plausible reasons for dc- tary force; and in proportion to the magnitude of fc*>at the Southern States will be allowed to withdraw peace-,inclination to talk or think of anything else than thepolitical topics of the day,, and the moral and socialconsequences directly pertaining to secession. I fear throughout the Confederacy. [Applause.] that secession and revolution are, with our people,foregone contusions; that wre have gone so far, re-says he, " t o find among us good men -true men, thePrebidentthe eole reeponsibilit3*of deciding whether— £ we-hare one—is fortunate in having-so dis- «ff jeet and able a corps of officers at this port as a «s now here. They will do-nothing fash, but J torsueiTigidlythe defensive policy.obtained; pointing to the .peril to South Carolina those which are administered by the judges and exe- ffbc effect in the least to divert South Oarolin:>. and her interests in precipitation,-, and similar cuted by the ministerial officers of the. courts for the : arguments, " castrating <the manhood of the punishment of crime against the United States, for the tfrom irer purposes. It will, not for a moment protection of rights claimed under the Federal Consti- -^tagger her,- or cause her to think of pausing. " movement, and destroying its purpose." tution and laws", and for/the enforcement of such obli-lay;" pleading the necessity for preparation, rcsponhibility will be bis care not,to overstep the limitsFrom The Washington .Star, A'oi». 30. SECESSION SO. V.and even that sufficient • guaranties may yet be of his legal.and just authority.The b w s referred toin the act of 1795 are manifestlyupon our breakfast tables. If all the grave and vital us. I shudder for the wifes and motl ers, sisters and Where there Is Allegiance there in Sovereignty, and there can b«.jghe\wtll go right straight ahead, no matter w£o The article in question may or may not indi- ft.tiens as come within the cognizance of the Federal progress at all. We shall soon grow up a race of chief? YOUmay imagine, dear uncle, our situation, but yon udiciary. To compel obedience to these laws, the tains, who will rival the politi al bandits of South«be runs against. The venerable and now some- date that the " sober second thought" has set in. courts have authority to punish all who obstruct their America and Mexico, and who will carve out to us our never can realize it in its fullness. Al; eady we tremble-what tottering gentleman known as'" UncleSaia" ^nuetget.out of the way, if he docs not wish to 3be T»<n- over!AV Columbia, the Legislature have M gone *o**sea" somewhat on the Military bill, or ratherTime will sh«w.OPTJS'iON OF THE ArTOKNEY-GKNEKAL.[OiHcial Paper.jregular administration, and the marshals and their miserable heritage with their bloody swords. in our own homes in anticipation and expectancy of deputies have the same power as sheriffs and their what is liable to burst, forth at any moment, a negro deputies in the several States, inexecutiug the laws of Tie manses of the people,dream hot of those things. insurrection. Could you tee the care and precaution the States. These are the ordinary means provided They suppcte the Republic- can be destroyed to-day, displayed here by tho proprietors of the negroes, not for the execution of the laws, and the whole spirit of and peace will smile over its ruins to-morrow. They only planters, bijit others, you would not for a moment Our system is opposed to the employment of any other kn. w nothing of civil war. This Marah in the desert (. envy us our possessions. Not a night passes that we*•mW-YOftK^M^ 18G0.•m44 ptiot forever hlnds/ftcr to the Uni-m 7 We will seccJf, to etand the issue 7 If t h W pre not preparing now ?<* THE SECESSION MOVEMENT, wreo precaution," that when secession shall orp.Qte^a cf that law and the Hnvitidion of >t to a cev leagues of ft!ie nhof.her, and if some of them shall con- tl is great change, we ' ^ ft difficulty; but if tbeyhifydnsvoidabl (Texas sbo;j ' the Oer.en 1bands, an'' bored for—t tition Govf latnre imnK shoidd he I election of i inauguntti-i defend whai adopt. Tifhave been declared, the State shall send 44Cou- tarn period of time now pa£t is not, theref^r^ an ai,,rn- quer U-c rest and held them ns subjugated provinces, and if we do IK^succeed we enn hot perish, fotiw.wiU the boldness totak<v<j,at po-iiion, and act so ae to con,44 44I tr«»t agsinst the opinion above exjiresr-ed, that you can it wonW totally destroy the whole theory upon which i.otsulviit. Once out of this Union, oat forever. The sular .Agents to all th*5 loading porta of r row, it nccerpary, order the duties to bo collected on they are now connected. North ar'i (he South can never agree. They batonstr<l foreign exchange, the pathway to independent w ill be <leare^ ©f }(„ obstacles.Europe." -: . • of the lawsborird a vessel inside Of any estahliabcsd port of entry. \Vh» tl er f te first end fifth sections of 'die act of 1833, both of which were made.tempoi'ary^by the eighth sec-If this" view of the subject be as correct as I think, we.Irnte them-equally back again. No bate betweenATTonxEY-GKNKRAL-s OKITCS, NOV. 20, 1800.SIK: I have had the honor lo receive your note of ex«ept in case* of extreme necessity, arising out of of tho pilgrimage of nations has, happily, been for' do not securely lock our field servants iii their quar-great and unusual combinations ugainst them. Their them a sealed fountain. They know not, as others do, ters; but our most loved and valued house servants, the ir:h, and I now reply to the grave, questions tliere- agency must continue to be used until their incapacity of its bitterness, and that, civil war is a scourge that who in ordinary times we would trust to any extent,on ihe question how the officers of the new armyanall be appointed. One party is for conferring in provounded us fully as the time allowed me will to cope with the power opposed to them shall be plain darkens every fireside, and wrings every heart with are watched and guarded against with all the scrutinyj cnuit. ly demonstrated: It is oidy upon clear evidence to anguish. They are to be commiserated, for they kuow and aire that we possess. Our planters and owners of-the appointments mainly on the Governor; the Within their respective spheres of action the Federal that effect that a military force can be called into the not what they do. Whence is all this 1 It has come slave.property do not allow their servants to have any sovereign." Where there is no sovereignty there can-other- on the soldiers: I t La* finally been p«*ftlod to confer on the Governor and Senate the ap- pointment of. Major-General. . The bill now in"the iiouse, somewhat ''amended, will probably yws. H This bill provides for tlie raisin? of one ** company of infantry from each infantry regi- *' meat of the State, as also cavalry and artillery ** companies; the field officers to be appointed fromfield. Even then its operations must be purely defen- because the pulpit and the press, and the cowering, intercourse with each other, and the negroes are con- Government and the Government of a State are both of sive. It can suppress only such combinations as are unscrupulous politicians of tlie .North have taught the fined strictly to the premises where they belong. Wrethem independent and supreme, but each is utterly found directly oppoting tim laws aud obstructing the people that they are responsible for the domestic insti- are all obliged to increase our force "of overseers topowerless beyond the limits assigned to it by ihe Con- execution thereof. It can do no more than what might tutions of tho" South, and that they • can be faithful prevent too free intercourse even among our own ser-he no allegiance, and where there is no allegiance there can be no treason. By recognizing such a crime as trea- son against the United States therefore, the Constitution •*k among officers who may offer their services to of a State, whether expressed in its Constitution or *• the State, graduates of the State Military laws, cannot, while it remains in the Confederacy, *4 Academy, officers of the k Palmetto Regiment,' absolve per people from the-duty of obeying the just f* and- ether persons who may be deemed com- -uiid constitutional requirements of the Central Govern-But. what if the feeling in, any State against, the United States should become so universal that the** petent to hold such position." displace the jurisdiction <>f a State, becAitse the laws of. Bills ^providing for opening diplomatic inter- the United States are supreme ana bindi:;^ only BOfarit is more than probable that great difficulty-would befound infilling the cilices. We can eiriiy conceive mind of thtt slave population of the South, and hasters, and their masters' families, and would lay downtheir lives for them—that the colored nice in the Soothprefeis Slavery to Freedom—that thev would not belite if they could, &.c. That is but the poetry of thecase, the reality consists iu sleeping upon oar arms atMgr-.tr-:in doubly boiling and barring our doors—in es-rablishiug-and maintaining an efficient patrol, force—-buy'ir-g watch dogs, and in taking turns in watchingour fleering children, tognard them and ourselves fromthe vengeance of these, same "loving servants"—avengeance which, though now smoldering, is liable toburet out at anv moment, to overwhelm the State in allegiance. Arc they loss likely to be right than the.^onrse with different nations, and for suspendingiw» they are* passed in pursuance of the Constitution.how it might become altogether impossible. We are therefore obliged- to consider what can be done in easetation of the Slavery question, which has reached tlie rendered every homo m that distracted land insecure.' Sirs do tui'. ff »s.'|fr«'«*lw -.•: J}u^ti;J ht)c! '<:^fo\eitiUji i.'.to deinoa-i U aduji:'.!-.' «'i videJan•'•i; M ifsuuie'; *i>'i •ineai.rt that t; do aijke ib;« tionHJ>ourin'.I bor<l«-r Sw -tUmlfC* "i C( bolitii Cat• *ect-*»ioii c; yrecipjta!'-, i ipdsuuativr . that *urli VUu'>u po«'• itiuiiy n-.i!.; '^jriauu i-.- .i • liiinl h<r, !>; ypo-m bfcU&o'l •we entreat »ucb ii.fU"-. livr s'ttiifii.There is cmotber point. Are wepolice dvfei'fcc of the coapt 1 Jf we make a newiseoe —if w,e rrufc?; cri independent State—we must also be.another'for any purpoee beyond that'of merely pro- get nothing from them, in .the way of manufactures prepared to meet all tbepe itJ-ue-. I take it for granted tecting 'he'General Government iu the exercise ^f its which we cannot purchase as cheap elsewhere. This. Unit y«./U v.ill immediately make laws discriminatingA LETTER FROM. A MEMBER OP THE CABINET.the executi- ; 0«rerT>m<rtt. OUT own Pts. i'nent public »•» a DK>»t t-H.-i.. < *xj»re««ioa o?circulate t'ii permanent ( mitteea in :1 tiotui to t):«The Uo , Ce.unty, has day, Dee..';, tion at (isiv Chief Jttslic|tec»«^tricsher . t couv«-:.*«bi«> ;uty f&r itt* . ipv<- wiiLAtCectre <ir « , Co:.R. f.tfoui-r;wa* held t -Oen. Jcsej.a At Sea...ic ss«emble«i. \ wae adop'^cconsult w!JU pre«ent e n ^ The I/O-e•Petersburg. *most of tie • Hallettsvilledent Buchanan's Cabinet—a truly Ch/.istian man aud a main,together. He ridiculed the idea of the Govcrn-tried patriot." Can this mean Gey,. Cass, or Judge n ent coerdmj? us while England and France mutt have.Black, or Howell Cobb?- our cotton. He felt satisfied that South Carolina would the State. There will he the danger, the difficulty.W A S H I N W O N , NOV . 33, I860. not'he compelled to stand alo;:e. The Savannah River, Tlie interior, thank God, in free,. There in no power MY-.DEAR Sin: I am in receipt of yours of 27fch which flows between us and Georgia, was not, a en tl is earth that can reach tl e inferior of this State. inpt., and thank youfor your kindly allusion to my- dividing line, but a" connecting link which bound In lb32 the case was fotallv different. Gen. Jackson telf, in connection with the "fearful agitation that now us txgether. Even if Georgia remained in the ws:s a popular man, and could rally the ' popbiaiion ofthreatens the dismembermeat of our Government. I Union she would not-permit the erection of Custom- the mountain dittin-tsof Tennessee, Kentucky, and think the President's "Mcsscge will inect your approba- Houtes and the imposition of duties which would go North Carolina, who were ready to march to hi*Our tea-coast is oten and exposed for over seven hundred miles, and if we separate from this Confed- eracy, hundreds and thousands of men. under the dec- laration of t i e Clicago Convention, proclaiming that the slaves are born free and equal, and have certain inalienable rights, will come down here and prevent the thnnsge laws from being executed. I think that the State ought to equip the-e Brnall steamers* and ifThe moment, such intel- j rn attempt was made to interfere, some dreadful and Jig'ence was received at the North, her sons would grow daring act should be perjef rated that woold strikenor proposed to be m;ed for any purpose connected devoted to the Union, will linger a little while, butwith the operations of itho Government. This may they will Poon unite' their fortunes with those of here. He iben ath iscd them not to become too much defend tic com and execute t'e tonnage haws, thennever-occupied it before; though a private party .The other Slave States will follow South Carolina im d» ride iron ediately to tecede. 1clsimed'andltcld it, and though it was not then needed a few weeks, or months. The Border States, now solave been a stretch of Executive power; but the their Southern titters. Conservative men have now ex< itfd and act rashly, but to withdraw with dignity,the should strike as soon as possible.Ban^s are partly public and private. When, thepublic is. involved in difficulty and danger, and about to he involved in a new system of independence, they belong to tl e State, and owe it to the State to protect her interest, "guard her commerce, and see that she has such clearances as v> ill cause it to be respected in for- eign ports. If their papers are not properly anthenti-right, of retaking public property in which the Gov- ernment has been carrying on its lawful business, and from wkteh its oflicci-s have been unlawfully thrust out, cannot well be doubted; and when it was exer- cifed at Harper's Ferry, in October, 1859, every one acknowledged the legal justice of it.I come now to ihe point in your letter which is prob- ably of the greatest practical importance. By the act of 180V, yon may employ such parts of the land and naval forces as you shall judge necessary for the purpose of earning the laws to be duly. executed, in all cases Where if is lawful to use the militia for the same pur- pose. By the act of 1795, thcmiliti'a may be called forth 4I whenever tho laws of the United-States shallno ground to stand upon—no weapon to battle 'with. as it became a sovereign State." All 1 as/been swept from them by the guilty agitationsand infamous legislation of the North. I do.not antici-pate,.,with any confidence, that the North will act upto the solemn responsibilities of the'crisis, by retracing those fatal steps which have conducted "us to the very brink of perdition, politically, morally, and finan- cially.A PICTURE OF-HOME A T THE SOUTH.A young lady in South' Carolina thus writes to a rela-tive in this city:There is a feeling growing m the Free States which8aye? " Let the South, go j " and this feeling threatens actuated me when I wrote youlast. Then all looked confusion, and compel us to issue bank paper, wbicttyears. The country wants repose, and is willing topurchase it at apy sacrifice. Alas, for the delusion of tern ity of excitement that we can scarcely find/time or.fully; but when the work of dismemberment begins; traction and recession are impossible, and that civilwe shall break up the fragments from mouth to mouthwith the nonchalance with which we break the bread war, with all its consequent honors, is already uponAMOS KENDALL ON SECESSION.istitution. If Congwifc's' would attempt to change the and ought to be done by a civil posse, if a civil posse to God only by being unfaithful to the compact which vants. The negroes feel and notice these new restraints, assorts sovereignty in them and claims allegiance.law of descents, to nuilte a now rule of personal succes- could be raised large enough to meet the same Opposi- they have made with their fellow-men. 'Hence those and naturally ask "Why is this 1" But it is unneces-The lirst Congress.assembled under the Constitution passed 44 an act for the punishment of certain crimen against the United States," the first-named of which is / treason. It enacts that " i f any person or persons our- htg allegiance to the United. State* of Afnerici s h a l l h-vy war against them, or shall adhere to their ene- mies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or ekewhere," ccc, &c,.such person or persons '• shall Buffer death."There must be a mistake somewnere. Either George Washington and the Convention which framed the Constitution, the whole people who adopted it, and tho fiist Congress, convened under ir. must have been mid- taken, or our modern Secessionists must be greatly ia error. All the former, without exception, and it is be- lieved every member of Congress and eveVy United States Judge for at least forty years after the Constitu- tion was aoopted, fully believed the United States to be a lii)iit<.a sovereign, to whom every citizen oweduicn, or to dissolve the family relations existing in any State, the act would he simply void, but not more void than would be a Suite law to prevent the recapture of fugitives from labor, to forbid the carrying of the mails, or to etop the collection of duties on imports. The willtion. On such occasions especially t*»-military power . " Liberty bills," which degrade the statute books of sary for them to ask the question, for they all compre-mutt be kept in strict subordination *t ifce civil author- some ten of the Free States, and are confessedly aity, tinoe ii is only in aid of the latter that, the former shameless violation of the Federal Constitution, in a hend the cause as well as wewho own them. Theymay' imagine the result.You have heard that our servants all love their mas-first step would be to appoint others in their stead, if ment; Nor can any act of the Central Govei-nment others could be #ot to serve. But, in such an event,horse or a bale of goods.From thin tame teaching has come the perpetual agi-The,same' Congress passed another act touching the army of the United States, which required every offi- cer imd soldier to take an oath to "bear true alic- giditee to the United States of Arnerica.'1J do not Huy what might be effected by mere revolu-the usury laws, will soon be introduced?, also, tionary force. I am speaking of legal and constitutional wo have no courts to is^ue judicial process, and no which the Northern people are not familiar. In almostwould certaii ly be out of place, and their nse.wholly found, and poisoning and conflagration have marked •way of a oS'avy. The 10th section of the Consti- l"hia is the view always tahcn.by the judiciary, and illegal.' If they are sent to aid the courts and marsha'ls,"tiiiiou, you see, is altogether ignored.The Special Joint Committee on Postal Ar- United .Siatew has declared it in many cases. I need exclusively to the .civil service, tlie laws cannot beThis in the feature of the "irrepressible conflict" with providing for a Coast Police—something in the right. , . ' ministerial officer's to execute it- Jn that event troops every part of the South miscreant fanatics'have beenpoint vital to the material interests of the South, andyet more vital toiler honor.' Wo have presented, fromyear to year, the humiliating spectacle of free andsovereign States, by a solemn act of legislation, legal-Federal officers themselves (including judges, district- izing the theft of "their neighbor's property. I say ers indirectly held in their pretence. They have attorneyH, and marshals) would be reached by the theft, since it is not the less so because the subject of already heard of Lincoln's election; aud have heard same influences and resign their places ? Of course the the despicable crime chances to be a slave instead of a, also that he is for giving them their liberty, and youcan act at all.8o universally adopted thstt the statement of it there must-be courts and marshals to be aided. With- their footsteps. Mothers there lie down at, night,may teem commonplace. The Supreme Court of the out the exercise of those functions,', which belong3Eangementc have not reported yet. It is atnUd only to refer you to the United States ligt. Booth, executed in any event, no matter what maybe the ing. I have ft brother residing in Mississippi, who is awheie the present Chief Justict^ expressing the unani- physical .strength which the -'.Government'-hue at itslawyer by profession, and a cotton planter, but hasnever had any connection with politics. Knowing thocalm and conservative tone of his character, I wrotemodern enemies of the Union .' * Who is it that "owes- allegiance to the United States," and can commit tho crime of treason against them ? We answer, every citi-.spite of the Palmetto flags or State precautions.You at the North are not the only ones who are suf- fering financially by this new panic. The planterskiu« to anU»-. It in thou (ght ti tciuponuy axrHngewcat to coiu-iuii;,C' immcilinf.tiy aftor lb*-. Ordiouuce o!" .St^tH.^iou j< pas^ni,ptt'i b* »-t!.itfd with the. kdAy* hxj>r«>«s Company, butrothin^tia- b«—i. tU>wrn.iu»;d upo »- 1 bo ComcuiUeo bwm anxious t»•obt.iu a!i ]IOI-ID.I- hit'u.-u. i'-o.. before acting, ajid to ed«ct>thia gnral, namely: To support the.StateGovernments in Courts in the performance of their duty. If the means reigns in the homes of the South,.he says it is the un- one t nctured with the idea of freedom. end, an t»xW-iixivp c*n-f «p -r vdw»c« and iouzthy uegotiatioua will ad then; rights,as th-j most competent administrations-I>y a correspendent tk?t mous opinion of himself and allnis brethren, enunciat-"The POf.Uswt*;r of <31iart'*aton will h*> c-©!mjlt»?J, ac' much ed the doctrine in terms so clear and fall that any fur- tary force into any State with, orders to act against thecommand, Under such circumstances, to send a mili-trembling,.beside their children, arid wives cling to their husbands as they leave their homes in the morn-thirty-one all told—still' I feel (and so does he) that Now, can any State absolve its citizens from their- left to them from these insupportable wrongs; and he they are thirty-one too ninny in such times as those. allegiance to'tne United States ? In other words, eau If one of the States should declare her independence, adds, "bnthe success of-tins movement depends my He would sell them'immediately, if it Were possi- a btate abolish the crime of treason against the United .your action cannot depend upon tho rightfulness of the ble, but the truth is he could realize nothing for States, 80 far as its own citizens are concerned ? Con1 give you his. language, because it truthfully ex-lutionary movement, it iw certain that you have not ia presses the Southern mind, which at this moment judgment n such matters. against the United States, and after stipulating that;Xestera ^yj ofourciti/igrees,-ertbe other States, in convention -assembled.' of tbese infernal agitations. Think you that anythe exception of Charleston, and perhaps a .few large towns, that the remainder of the State is situated very much as we are here; and I will give you an idea oflaws to the contrary notwithstanding ? " To say that a State can, directly or indirectly, absolve its citizens from allegiance to the United States, and from the guilt.-aice,,m»n.< <1 V .tnoxiou.- ^d oj irloi.s, eiJ•r.ud dan^. rt| xhe<-e fevcri»York in V>| rit.ee N\l.iv'.! cflite, ami w 7i< gy ot\U Abolitiotiisnj by iuo.-t«.; sut\ niour £ sanctimui.m tions, he MIIJ on the sui Whether'! jett, tboij con.niitteti t as he WH\ e ^vill be - .-•, eu«, who iconseien! i. tillUenate 0 e bkve boezi.virg uj- at he pro'- i ti<^ The s»u'hristiau Ai in their j '•-• Tboaa by ti;«vAi i. tr:ic-«} lv tfc#»f M«*»rt>.•••«.iiiy "h'i<j ."tbit'f«.»».' • ;x8tat«».^}!'•HOld l'aai.i'. » «rj»yMr. h The M,;jansnand -',3 i « was siIs-U ittroUi; j | ut hist. at. tbey ijin eonf i i . o anu tt>j Up'.M.i' j '.Ne»"tness or ig Arthurteniav.<-iirvuLitit^Vm. IJ« "•UeBJ-:»t|3 *dy i'*::husband, two overseer, aud my son of 18 years; total, at will absolve themselves from every human obliga- four; females—self and cousin, little.Lucv and one of tion, and bid defiance to constitutions, compacts, laws. the overeeer's wife—-four; of whom only "four at the and all government. The principle goes further, and. most are capable of bearing arms—to offset which we assumes a power to absolve men from their self-imposed have at least seventeen field hands—sturdy .young ne- obligations to their Maker. The lawgivers, judges, and Whether Congress has the constitutional right to South, and save the Republic before its wreck is com- grcee—betide the female servants. And this is a fidr Governors of the States have taken a solemn oath toupon the assumption that the present constitutionalment continue to . exist" until a now order of things rection 7-which may be sai£ to be. -rather extra-ultra, are to be executed, and sometimes limit his power eothat he can exercise it only in a certain proscribed man- •though a tolerably correct exponent of tfce seuti- ner. Where the.law directs a thing to be done, with-xnent that leads the State, hgis .an article intend- out saying bow, that implies the power to use such«ed to show how South CaroUna may c.»rry 02 means"as may be necessary and proper to accomplish make war against one or more States, and require the plete. But .action, to. b$ available, must be prompt. representation of the force upon our plantations. Con- support the Constitution of the United States andshall be established, either by law or force. I am still for the Union, because I have yet a faint, hesitating hope that the North will do justice to thequestion for Congress itself to consider. It must be offer guaranties which will afford the some repose and admitted that no such power is expressly given; nor safety to Southern homes and property enjoyed bythe lawgivers, Judges, Governors, ana citizens of tbeSuite, though also citizens of the United States, fromtheir obligations to their God incurred bv these oaths.Secession does not stop there. It oven"undertakes torelease the United Srates lawgivers, judges andofficers, even the President himself, from the obliga-tions ot their oaths! Though the President swearsthat he will, to the best of his ubilitv, "preserve, pro-tect, and defend th>- Constitution of the United,btah'f," secessionism undertaken to release him fromhis oath within any State by declaring it no longer a ui» WKIU »»wjua »uy oiurc oy declaring it no lomrercmember oi the Union. It denounces the mere sugges tion that he has any right to attemnt "to m ^ r n tthe State?SOUTH CAROLINA MUST PREP ARE.[From « Speech by the Hon. F. YV. TickenK, at Columbia, S. C, Nov. 30:JAnd are we to act alone 1 Remember that we standthe.center of tho'whole slaveholdirig States. SouthCarolina, though-small iu territory, and small in num- I»e properly entertained." axe to bo collected in .& certain way, at certain estab- against the foreign enemies of the nation. Another ever settled. The derision* of the world will hence- Btands in the center of a powerful commerce and trade,forth Justly treat the pretension as a farce, and the which enters largely into the traffic of the world; andblessed hope, which for five thousand years our racc^— when. she secedes." it will not be like the Italian power.is amid storms and battles—bus been hugging to its bo- Powers, because tliey have no foreign commerce and so restricted by the words which immediately follow, som, will be demonstrated to be a phantom and n trade. Wro are identified with the power and progress • *'nations free of dutios," or 44with such dutieB the machinery furnished by Congress for the collection that it can be exercised only for one of the fol- dream. - of the civilized world, and the whole civilized world of the duties nhould by any cause become so deranged lowing purposes: L To execute the laws of Pardon these hurried and disjointed words. They turns upon the productions of the South, hive millionsreceded from tiie Unioc. The writer at the? out- met propounds the following doctrine:exclusive mode, and no other can be followed. The United Suites have no common law to fall back upon when the written law is defective.' If, therefore., an., aaeinain " unobstructed," Sctfth Carolina " wull collect the same revenues at pthor places, by a different 01 sort of officers, or in ways not provided for. "Even ifnot, hesitate to receive the ships of all oth er*'.a» the Stateahall require." The difficulty sug- ox broken up that it could not be used} that would not the Union; that is, to aid the Federal officers have been pressed out of my heart by the sorrows that of the people of Great Britain, directly or indirectlv, an.gested ia the contingency of the Government op- be.a legal reason for substituting a different kind of in the performance of their regular duties. are weighing upon it. depend upon the productions' of the South alone. She, untary compact with the people of »he other States.This pretended "indivisible/'and "inherent" "gov- ern'gnty arrogates to itself a power not now churned bv Priest, Poj>e, or Potentate; a power to roloaaeposing the freedom of this porty will, i t . 4kicon-uiaebii.eryinitsplace.The lav.- requires that all goods imported into the2.TosuppressinsurrectionsagjunsttheStates;butthis iH confined by article IV*., sec. 4, to cases in whichSincerelyyour friend, ***. givestheartisanandmechanictheircapacityforpro- gress; and when w e move, we do not move atone, but SPEECH OF EX-SENATOR HAMMOND. • move upon a great principle, round which centers thetended, be Lot brief— ' only *mtil a JSojtithem United States within certain collection districts shall the State herself shall apply for assistance against her**ConJederacy is formed." "As Jaere will be no be entered At the proper jxK-t, and the jduty thereou own people. 3. To re-jx-I the invasion of a State byproductions of the South. It is idle to suppose that itself •we will have to stand alone. Wo are to stand proppedup by those interests which depend upon us for exist-ence, and, therefore, we should move cautiously and firmly—like men who know their rights, their duties,'•At a meeting of citizens of South Carolina and " Collector of the .United States, with tfae ,aboli- wdbvg,at that port. But the functions of the Collector own territory. All these provisions are made to pro- Georgia, held in the Edgefield District, on the 1st iust, " tion of the United States Ou«f:om-r5piwo8," may be exercised anywhere at or within tho port. tect the States, not to authorize an attack by one part Senator Hammond spoko as follows, amid immenseeontinuee the wriior, " and aa the State There is no .law which coniiues him to the Custom- •of the country upon another;_ to preserve their peace, applause:.Konse, or to any other particular spot. If the Cus- .and not to plunge them into civil war. Our forefathers Mi will appoint iU own Collector, wky wHl n^>t tom-House wore burnt down, be might remove to an- do not teem to have thought that war was calculatedshall be received by the Collector appointed for and ro- enemies who come from, abroad to assail her in herother building; if he were driven fiom the shore, ho •"••toform.a more perfect union, establish justice, insuremight go on boon? a vessel in the harbor. If he keeps domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defense, that required every man to be present and give his within tho pwrt, he is within the law. A port promote the general we! fan', and secure the blosidiigs opinion on the issue Of tho day. His counsel, a month ix a place to which ^ morehaadise is imported, of liberty' to ourselves and our posterity." There ago, was for South Carolina not to take tho lead, but tonumbor.KEV»AI.L.** the manifest**before our Collector, tind the dnarancc he .uiali'. **receive, suffice in foreign /xurts!"~ It is contended that if tie Unated-States iu-iwb/v'gateher; butifnosuchintentioneotists, discharge,ortjtkeintiieircargoes.ItcomprehendsIsystemofgenera/ho8ti1iiit*icarriedonbytheCentral uponthemthenecessityofsecession.SofarasSouth laborwillnocktoyou,andmanufacturerswillcome :V *&flL£rrll) tin' dang-rthepeopleofTexasaudthen x U will go smoothly. At any rate, 44for>S^n th* city cr ttosvu. which IK occupied by the mariners, Government, against a JSfatxython it seems to follow Carolina; wits concerned, he considered secession as here, and settle among you, giving new life to all thethat an-attempt to .do so would be ipse facto au ex- Channels of trade. W ith twelve millions of people, nierrbants, /md others who are .engaged in tho busi- pulsion of such State from the Ui already accomplished- He saw no way by which weby the captain of a vessel, xa&d'iA M O B**Bat," says the writer:t7nl*ed Htiite* Mini»<en«, ahould prtrv, XJtear vfiMefj front landing ized the lVefidont in a certain contingency to direct all the States be absolved from their federal obliga-their cergoe*-, th**e U * very e**y and . Vliclirut resort ia the Con- that the Custom-House5, for any collection district I>o tions'? Is any portion of the people bojt&id to contrib-ence the country was totally different. Wo then had veil to the further humiliation, the disgrace and socialw*ta undoubtedly, a strong and universal conviction let some other State—Georgia, for instance—but since lunongthemenwhoframed andratifiedtheConstitu- thenhehadseenhismistake. HehadfearedthattheUnion, tic have no faith in" the Confederacy. We C-unty was laid in Austin, Texas, on the 17th nit.44 He was suffering from ill health, and hoped that they would excuse iiirn from being very lengthy. He would not have been there, but the occasion was onoand their dangers, and yet duie to meet, them like men. [Applauee.]We I,»nye the capacity to d-rtfenow sourees of im-Utouched upott, illustrating the absurdity of this doctrine of Secession, which will form tho subjects of anotherand from whence it is exported, fit is^5JWlj,4-'e sported a scries of resolutions, which or at any"mother place witere vessels may arrive and If it be. true that war cannot bo declared, nor a' had been mistaken. He did not see the use of urging new channel of independence, and the artisan school of were : . . ! W | without a dissenting voice. Too pre-created by Law. Jt is not merely e harbor or havon, ^foritj-atiybeestablishedwherethereinnothingbut.anhavelostit,andwearenowin.aconditiontolanguishJnolion.c.II.Randolphpresided. ACommitteee-n resolutionswasappointed.anddie,fromtheveryfactthatthereisnocommoninter- 2ina'» it is bound immexiiately to tafce me&as to >0pen roadstead, or on Use shore of a navigable rivor. pernicious as a meatus of holding the 'States together. with the people. Ho now frankly confessed that he est, and no great hope, to rally upon; but strike out thisfcvidstoresisttheindepeodemie of South Caro-tionthatmilitaryforcewouldnotoulybeuseless,but movementhadoriginatedwiththepoliticiansandnotxnerce being iiiterrupted or broken up by mer® ships, unci fuX'msliiiig them with provisions. It ia-States would not. re-peul the nullifying laws, independence, but -make yourself the greatest, aud m. unconstitutional, fanatical, encroaehiug and destruc- which hud been the work of Republican a tive principles" against tho rights and interests of the statesmen for years, to have placed on their statute ireest, and.most united jiecple in the world. South, with ti most stubborn and deliberate determina-,;tions books. Even the North .would not submit to'such There nre somo things I should like to touch upon, ion to adhere to the already existing grievous viola- and one is in relation to the real interests '88 is UKselly oc<«»H,pied by vessels discfutrgiog-or receiv- p a p e r s givei? to Carolina ypsnels will be respecU^d, ,'jig theb' cargoes, vr lying at anchor aud waiting foritul purpoee."Suppose ZorHgJi nation*, by t.\o hoat«.U» Influence of th^ The first section ot'tlie act of March 2, 1833, author- which the Constitution was meant to insure, will not ther ° j 5 r t r ' i^outIj u r o "l , r o m the " extraordinary" state of p«ltic affairs, in the election "to the Presidency ::s an alien and an enemy, she would bo compelled t could expect justice in ihe Union, for the Northern tno great water-conrses, you cannot only command of .the.candidate of a great sectional party, based oaf iis^'U i ver. lie itf*texh lUuIt \\::^ ' )orfl** natioi*is are not bound to submit to their conk- ness-of imjH>i*Jhig and ext>oiiing goods, navigating the nion. Being treated spread over such a country, embracing, as' rt doe*, all41" a b s t r a c t pretensions." Clearances and sea- i dudesiilso,:soi>3Ct;h of the water adjacent to tho cityute their money or their blood to cany-tvi-a contest eefablb«JM--d .-and kej.t iu,i»2/ secure place •within some like that?banks have intertwined themselves in the very exist- vrfaa thoroughly ^atttft>d ot the legitixnaoy i > &» trttd«l iu -which board any vessel. But this' provision was temporary, itself in its whole constitutional vigor by resiling sion as an accomplished fact. If a State had no right ence of eocicty, so as to make all.more or less uepenxl-n v/eassell ia ftokagod with th<> people he r«rpi **«ttf. to TacilitaX««&»0 trade by CftmtbtM to her «e» pap«r*. Vh.^*^ obviate sllc r i j t Rl c u l f y . A - d w ^ d o n o t b e l i e v e t h a t t h e C o n * u l o f a u y » • * * » > • ltmUof tottrigri nation* in U»L» port. VV« have no authority toTa confederacy, and history will record that a funatfc North was the occasion of the dismemberment of thisno banks, and everything was in the hands of privatebankers; but in. the present state of the world,.the.,Chelation oi the people of Texas and their brethren of. ho South.In view of this exigency—as tho people of Texas•peak for any of thena, and hare coa/njlfc ***but we know that it U n<»t uuuaoal f^r.''' *-°»»*uJ of a nation,vortorharijor c,f suck disS^t l cither upon land or onbiicn, ajhi ' " > *•"'»<'' uj;t»ii JUUU ur mi The light of the General Government to* proservL'«nior Ho said that he considered the right of seces-fit a port entirely free of any fxcit<?d induence or «. y*"° "3 wy txpeople, WW permit* l*>i,'i>ii/iat« t/ad« wi b i ^^"Pjjf r» pr.-M jit*, to bo ane^ted or brotv-u up by any va^a *S u n v l n a 1 'remove the site of the Custom „VIOUSO, not merely toof the Custom .Mouse, not merely to col thing from an offensive war to punish the peopleany 6tttto in the Union according to our population;und extent of action; us a general, prompt, and delib-*aaMd fitjHtr pretention*." Itinmiggested,however,asamoasu^'anv Becnre place within the legal^^cstablisbed port ofentry for the district—that right h«i ITM<1 before—but it v,for the poliu'eal misdeeds of Slate Governmcrits, or to prevent u threatened violation of the Constitution, orand I would like to know if the bunks a re'preparing erate expression of tbi* disposition, in the election of to meet this great financial change. Are they prepar- members of a convention to consider of these grave,.»ww.wfflri -.-..-wixh uou 1 ot tiloVi' ithof the country, instead of the "donios&ic tranquillity" humiliation. Ho considered Mr. • Lincoln* a» this ...,H involved iu ion of the Constitution of the United States, in uearly this matter—and whether the State is prepared or not, 11the Northern States, and to persevere iu the propag- we know at the time of the Declaration of Independ- ation tiud establishment of their disastrous doctrines.and expired at thee end of the isession of Congress next direct and posilivo aggression upon Us property*#r its to secede, he wanted to know what right a govern- e>ut upon them. Much depends upon the banking ib- peacefully and lawfully whether it i«exi>edieut totakttafterward. It conferred upon i <"' Executive a ngln f c r r e d u p o n u ' h e E x e c u t i v e a r i g h t t o o f f i c e r s c a n n o t b o d e n i e d . B u t t h i a i s a t o t a l l y d i f i c - r - r u e n t b u d t o c o e r c e , h e r ? N o p o w e r s w e r e g r a n t e d t o t e i S j f r t . . W o h a v e m o r e b a n k s a n d b a n k i n g c a p i t a l t h a n e x t r a o r d i n a r y a c t i o n l o r t h e i r p r o t e c t i o n , a n d t h e k i u doi widened his authority so as to allow t. e removal oi\ it to enforce ifo acknowledgment that the.Government of independent nation. When'did she surrender that ing to or^anizo mid act together, so as to take control mutters, would promote public peace, and harmony, itomyportorharborwithin,thewholedistrict*ThetheUnitedJiiatcflusupreme,TheState*uvacol- nationality,andtowhom?Whatclauseitheoom-ofthefore:*-*?11exchangesofthecountrywhichbring andsecurity-,ussomeofoursisierSouthernStutoeUntitled DocumentFulton New York 13069'«•>:'•«:: :i" '• '' ,-• :.-. ••www.fultonhistory.com' Z^SZ^s;,;.:.:I set myself to pen these lines to you,from those which without a tingle vessel; bankruptcy will involve us iahave already learned enough to give them an idea of what is going on in the"State and nation, arid this knowledge they have not gained from Abolitionist*, an some suppose, but from the conversation of their own-provement and enterprise. Tguishing for'want of confidence There is no great national faith in the South. rW9f1l*t believe in thoW ^-sjv—hd—le South ia lan-a d CftJin tho specio »^ &* & capital thut wlUenuble tfieai have provided tor holding euch conventions; m fc la:lives cgninrt foreign jmport8t ous so as to excludeTHE FEELING IN TEXAS.A largely attended meeting of the citizens of Travisaye the right, and are in duty bound to cletermiue*preparedin tlie-' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street•'»[:•• " -yi--.:^.,^v •:•:-'i -.i