 «forthepleasureofa drive,we mustconsiderthat they ers followed Hw Brooklynites, aa* repaired to thair t b e^a^»» , ~1IFBOM THE KATY.Commodore Lawrence Kearney, o f N e w Jerseyvto these whohadparticipated la the war of the rev«i<i- taaa.sent his resignation to the President on the 21st Inst. Surgeon Thomas J . Charlton, Of Georgia.Lieut. Geo. E. Law.Lieut. J . R . Hamilton, o f South Carolina, o f t h e UnitedTARGET COMPANY PARADES.There were very few companies out yesterday, most of them having turned outearBer ia the season in order t o take advantage o f tho late elections, b y which means they were very severe on the (xickets of the vari. ous candidates for office, w h o - v i e oeiupv'k i to kivish_ 1 Un,*y^-C*h advaaoadaa Dtoenda, eet_er Watches. '.Catch Movements, HBverware, "or bouciit foreaah. OppaaUat BO Peatataka, 68 Cedar street,••H e1-niA4t. giviagaa iacre^othere wasnoi>oe<ia has>orecognisedthem;andprobablynoonejudgehaslistedat Washington,the fourteenth dayofDecemberinstant,inviewof thepresentdistractedanddangerouscondition of our country," and in compliance with therequest of -'pious and patriotic associations aad citteens,"has designated Friday, the fourth day of January next,as a day of humiliation, fasting and prayer, aad hasrecommended that the people assemble onthat day and, pcutant. let us here suggest a little Improvement time washadby all present. "according to tbeir several forms o f warship, to keep it4 the people of Get wry, Htl.fwA* •Macure aad tteae o f tReserved, That w e SapM Of MBnaaWppt, • HWrt, iud »o ahljr« t*d we do hereby gpews,I with her in the adoption of efficient measures Iaafety and honor of the South.any, or ail of MM SouthernMOM of thla General Aasatably that seen eeosdte* Kates iboatd A r m a confederacy onder eraoublicaa form o f icnraaaaw,—d tothat endtheyshouldadopt theCM •tit Jtwo of the United States,» altered and amended a s m gott Beenew state of aflfcdre' Bearing ofthe i ueneral Aseembtv, aa wall an the ssAtetactory maamor in which ha has diacharted the responsible duties of his high commission. Reserved, farther, That ate UoeUeney the Governorofficers of both hoases of the General Assembly, andby the gases1 eat, w*B¥tla> aaaief State attache 1 thereto, and UUa* <maK H a W n^Sa ps^^RalhWI **# •aw*"*"* BV as«wBr amtsnji* WWlillsnlll U Harris as the reaponee of Georgia to the friendly greet*T. Batter King, Hugh M . Moore,'** H . Brtejoe, Hines Bah, A. * Lawta., D. SI Printup, Committee on the part -*f late 8|ttsB<t*9Joltea Hartride, Geo. M. Lester, Isham L . Fannin, M W Lswte.OhY. Aadersoa, Geo. T . Baraea, John L. Hsrrto,i OB t h e p a r t o f t h e H o u s e o f GEORGIA.Co.; Mnrpfcy, mkm ft Co.• Campbell, MeKee ft Co.; a«ve- hmdBros..BraggkIV'Aauin,Grenuis,ChapmanftCo.LOUISIANA BOARD O F OBOKANCB.The NewOrleansDelta, speakingofthenewBoardof Ordnance Just ostahlished b y t h e Legislature, say*:—CaptainBragg,ofBraggsbattery, nowa Louisiana planter; ex-Governor P . 0 . Hebert, lieutenant Colonel o f the Fourteenth Infantry in the Mexican war; and Isaiah Garrett, o f Ouachita, a distinguished lawyer a n d t h e candidate for Chief Justice of the oldwhig party a few years ago—these gentlemen are all clews o f West Point, and are eminently qualified for the duties devolved upon them.VIRGINIA. INVITED TO LEAVE.AmannamedPleasantWade,atinnerbytrade,and recently engaged in peddling manufactured tobacco, h a s been driven out of Bedford county, Va», for uttering abolition sentiments. H e resided about fourteen miles from Liberty, inthat State, where he hada family,and was openly defiant in his treasonable talk. He got twen- ty-four hours t o prepare to leave,and a t the expiration o f that time a committee repaired to his house with a rope, but be had vamosed, and thus saved his neck.way, Everybody was looking for Brown,'' hoping> Bights Club, Sons o f thcSoulh,>i##«##»^»^*»^*##*»«»*#*»«»»»*^»»** M.ABAMA.**«#***»**•could not restrain the impulse t o write you a few offhand lines of urgency oa the subject. Thematter mustbe takenholdof at therightendof theropeoritwillnot goaahead. Ihavebeenledtothinkmoreofitfromlet- ters received recently from some of our old colleagues in CongressfromPennsylvaniaandMaryland. Praythink of itseasonably,ifyouhavenotdonesoalready,anddo somethingspeedilyifyoucanconscientiously.ROBERTC.WINTHROP. REPLYorMB.ASBKCS.SruxonKU), Dee.15, 1800. MvDEARSot—Imoatcheerfully replytoyourletterofderstand it,theoutlinesarethese: Sheistosendacorn- missioner to the conventions o f Alabama and Mississippi, Ac., toaskofthesovereignties there assembled, fora statementofthetermsandconditionsuponwhich they will be content to remain in the Union. Having thus ob- tainedfromthepeopleoftheSouth,acting,thoseofeach Stateintheirsovereigncapacity,theirultimatum,sheis tobringitbeforehersisterStatesoftheNorthfortheir action,withtherequestthat those whoarewilling to accedetoitwillinstructtheirSenatorsandrequesttheir representativestogoforsadact,incorporating theterms of itasamendmentstotheconstitution,tobethencere-Sanctue, Benedictus, Agnus Dei and Dona Nobis, fromtheTwelfthMass Mozart. •Thesoloistswere, soprano, MadameIsidoreClark; alto, Madame Berger; tenor, Signor Quinto; baritone, SignorOoutemeri.ThewholeofthemusicalservicesMr.WarnsR.BLAKX,agentlemanofhistrionic fame, responded. H e remembered, with gratification a n d pride,thooccasiononwhich he hadbefore metthem. ThedisplayoftheNewYork firemen inhonorofthe Prince of Wales could not but be gratifying to the Queen, andtheydeservedpraisefortbeireffortsinthiswayto cementmorefirmlythebondsoffriendshipbetweentwo greatnations. Inconclusion hewishedhealthandpros- peritytotheNewYorkFireDepartment.M. PEIKR Y. EVERETT, foreman ofLafayette Hookm e e t ,s o auceeasfully 9outhCarolina, is rapidlyhi Georgia. WraJip of that State to shew theMorgan Moseu thai ...BergeUnitedhour morning,bya banquetatFiremen's Hall, Merceito t h e patriotic byberLsgia•titer State t h e eonfidentfor half an hour before the opening prayaso great that "Brown," the ubiquitous r ^ |crowd was jsjktnoton the subject:——You are hereby ordered toIandselectso-* Walworthstreet. Whenarrested,hebad in hispassasat half-pact seven o'clock, a t to make preparations f o rSBBBBBBB of south States o f America. L o t n oLETTER PROM LIEUTENANT M. P . MAURY. WAMHXGTO.V, Dec. 19,1880.W a . H . MACTABIASD, Efcq.:—Daut 8m—There is a peep o'day for those whohadthe Fire D e-sion$8764incash,anewsilverwatchaadchainaadva- rious small articles, which, a e said, h e had just pur- chased.— i i — i i — — — i i — i ^ — m a — > CITY COMMERCIAL REPORT.TrxsDiT, Dec. 26,18*0.of course ne bustnem transacted yesterday on caaHBJRkelag a general holiday. We«nb|Mn, bow- ever, the Mtewteg statement of receipts, exports kc , of cotton smce the 1st September task, as compared withthe previous three Jt*are>-ISftT. 1068. 1850. 1800..BtdO/XX) 1,633,000 1,044,000. 1,518,000 » 1 > 0 478,000 781,00*' OOOOOB 103,000 228/WO 178,000. . l « , 0 O *77,000 118,000 82,000„ 80,000 480,000 810,000 091,000v 8*0,000i all the Southern alee respectfully invited t o attend.bookbyleadingmembersoftherepublicanparty. Iwas rathersecuretherightsofthe South ia theUnion thanTherewasbutllteteextraornamentor decoration dis- eve, or,moreproperly,at an early played; a few evergreens, tastefully arranged around theI BA*A * * * * * a \ a n r usualSV4aapBBasn placew * v «*•*•**'• ^^^•sa-ww^^uw*** ^ a thai evening, a ta ^*sa w**^»» half-past ashotHtelBYR. JAGKSO.V, Captain.out of the country for nearly a year aad a hah*, and came back to m y old connections with t h e party which sup- ported Bell aad Everett. Butyou, I saw,presided atthe Convention which nominated Mr. Lincoln. This gives you a prestige of the highest importance. A n article in the Springfield JfcptOtftcwn, in favor of repealing the per- sonal liberty laws, a s they are called, has been attributed to you,andI hope justly. Mow,it really seemsto me that no one could do more, if any- body t o much, a t yourself l a accomplishing this result. I know nothing of Mr. Lincoln except what 1 taw of bim ia our old UurtiethCongrees, and I willingly bore testimony to bte conservative course a t that time, in the only speech which I made before the election. It seems to m e that h e himself must desire, a s earnestly a s anyofus,tohavethesestumblingblocksremovedoutof the way. If you h*u any authority for such a a opinion your auurts would be all the more effective. But an opea advocacy of the measure on your own part, by heading a memorial Infavor ofit,wouldheagreet step;andifyou could succeed i n getting influential republicans i n your partoftheStatetojoin yon,theresultwould he most auspicious. I dare say that you have thought of all this,gooutofittoseekthem. Thedawn comes fromNew Jersey. I do not know how you are upon the question o f disunion, but X take it for granted that you think, as I believe a large majority of the people of the South think sad hold, that matters have nowcome to such a passbe- tween the North and South that they must be set- tled—intheUnion,ifwecan;butifwecannot,thenout of the Union.Supposingthesetobenotonlyyonrsentimentsbutthe sentiments of the great body of the Southern people, it givesmepleasureto Informyouofamovewhichtenow on the tapis ia New Jersey, the effect of which. I km per. tuaded, will he not only to secure to the South her rights ia the Lnion, bat to give the Union itself a new lease upon time.New Jersey isoneof theOldThirteen. NoState north of Mason and Dixon's line has been more faithful, loyal and true to the constitution; and none has been more mindful of the rights of the sister States under it than she and there ia not one among them all that commands more of the respect and confidence of the Southern peo- ple. Availing herself of tho proud position which she occupies, the plan proposed is that she shall undertake thechancel aad lu front of the choir, comprised the whole.ST- STEPHEN'S SOMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. The services in this church yesterday were very Im- posing. The first masses were said as early assix o'clock A,M.,andtheservicesworerepeatedpreviousto the grand High Magi which commenced atjhatf-past tenA. X. Attbe first mass both tbechorea aboveaadthechapel beneath were crowded with devotees. Uut w a salsosaidinthechapelofBellevueHospital. Itwasesti-mated that, including all the services, there were at leasttwelve thousand parsons w h o yesterday attended mass in that parish. At the High Mass the music was very grand and commenced with a voluntary on the organ b y Mr. Charles Wels. During t h e services t h e following were finely sung:—aear Frmce, under the auspices of Beak aad ladder Com- pany Xo. 6. lb» apaitmentm which the tables were set was gayly decked with Christmas greens and crosses,and festooned with the American and English flags, the latter being commemorative of the interest which thePrince of WalesmanifestedintheKewYork Firs Departmenton the occasion o f his visit to oar city. The various appara tut in the apartment were also decorated with ribbons and wreaths, while a small round table, about which the founders o f tbe society b a d originally gathered, stoodnear the door, with a dog lying couched upon it, emblem- atical of the fireman's motto, "Fidelity."At twelve o'clock, midnight, the numerous company, consisting o f tbe members a n d invited guests, sat down to a banquet, which in bountifulnoes and variety could hardly be surpassed. When full justice had been done to the mure solid portion of tho entertainment,« requesti* tobelaidbeforethenuiyorder.Nigger Protectors. BiBBBOP TH« Kijrtrre MXM O P BBOMI A.884,000included in the i MMB0 180,000Iisaoopy of the badge adapted bythe "a, Ike inscription is printed on, m gilt tetters:—Birfrrtrrrrr rrrr*r"rr~~*r*~ --------i-------- .--- —.-^*[Palmetto tree.} Stand b y your...8117,000" France.'" oth. f.ptsrTotal exports... 67,000inauguratedBCUJOW, Deo. 12,18*0.MTDBABMa.Aamtca—I believe wecanhavebutone pression of them maygo to thepress. It maystandLiecrei mryhwaWed,Hatourheartsarewithourbrethrenofthe nouncedthemwhenthevwerefirstprojected, andhave South,andabouldtheyeverneed ourhands toassist a neverfailedtofeelandexpressadeepregret thatanyoftington.NOSKATINGATCENTRALPARK.an overflowing house, and the cast siders seem to take to their style of entertainment as well as if they were Englishmen, and a t Asiley's on a boxing night. A littleiof 166JM. aateereaee. rnr^ averag.' »«*TJhlted States,Open from SA.M. 108 P.M.BAUMQABTEB A CO.TBXAS.•2A10,whichteeeualteaaManualinereaeaof4,T1»- someoftheobnoxiousprovisionsofthatactstill remain, ation was stimulated du*ing all those yei.-s and arc incorporated into our general statutes, aad stand 'j 'I "*' ru teaunsniilisii-f'-n''-toevery ycrvm asareproachtotheusuallyjustandcoaserTativecharac- who haflama a ettteaa of Tease, besides special bouuti* ter of our State legislation. X o case h a s arisen under them, nor is likely to arise, which would enable our judi- dieitery t o pronounce o n their validity; but I have n o doubt, if a case should be presented, that our own high-Reynolds, of South Carolina, have vacated their places at theWestPointMilitary Academy,andreturnedhome.fact, w a s n o t te a condition to permit skating. when upon t h e stage. Altogether t h e harleq'iii:>.ado i^ by the Vreil known T8AACS, Tl ChambersThe contractors for kKettee a certain aumher of u » u - hesoathetra<*fTantedtotWw,eBcen^ltlonofaddi.«,', ina givestteae,a oortain ligWlisaal saemjtethw, opto the period of annexation failed to futtl their ohttg.t io-. -,debt ofTexas, atthe time of aeaoxafw t, the foreign debt was U144JMA Total, tlS.OU'ioi'. TheState couldnotmeet its ordtearysx- pendMete, after the war. hy an annual average <test judicial tribunal would declare them null and void, so fara»theygoto<lef*atorimpairthetrtftiintentandt>»r- pose of the acts of Congress.The fugitive slave acts of 1793 and 1860 were passed iu execution ofs clause of the constitution of the United States, to which all the people of the Union gave solemn assent aad though they contain provisions which a r s needlessly harai, a a d though, i n m y judgment, they wouldbemoreeffectual toprotect the interests ofthe claimant iftheright oftrialbyjury, upon thequestionAIlitannm-i-. .«egare, DfyGesds.a. Hardware, wmea, araadtssOJllJtt.InlsaFa.ceoauaoftheStatewaataken,whichgav•A ofIdentity,badbeengiven, yetthose laws have beenH I S CELLENCY NATHANIEL P . BANES, GOVERNOR.E X -heaths all oar courts, state a s well a s federal, to b e blading on us. as having beta enacted strictly within the i oiw Urttieeel powers o f Congress. Our o w n Supreme Court <d Massachusetts, with i t s five republican judges,iatwoyear*of28,00of loads to draw the Booa oremtgratMB.or any ethor in- had so frequent occasion to execute and enforce their re-the members of Warren H<>.- Company, No. 33,daoement, hut a free a a d atrong geicrniawit aad atel climate and fertile soil.In laatTexae receive from the general govemm.-ut <10,»MMB|, b y t h ecetebrated acta, tar h -r Santa f% terrderyin tha vauhe e f ttm treaeary ofqukrejaeals as that teamed, upright and humane republi cea\ fir.' Justice McLesh, of Otto. Mr. Douglas, the other day, te thesenate, did no more than juatioe when he sate that "Judge McLean, a republican judge, had always executod theVugtttre Slave law with entire fidelity."Mo Stale, then, can b e right * attempting h y tegtete-tive enactments to nullify or evade those laws, or in re- Ia pursuance of this recommendation and upon adviceteiamg any such enactment when Bs wrongful quality is of the Council, I have thought it my duty to transmit his proclamation through thoaccustomed channels to the re Idonot wwrtaek tiie fact that South Carolina, and ligieusandspiritaaladvisers andteachersofthepeople,business yesterday. Of course people did not know turn home, showed that it had v-c'ivoda pretty good whether the hall was up or down, unless they went warming, asit wascompletely spat in pieces. A large to the Park te see for themselves, and, en number of prises were presented. ,md a very pleasantwaded te la all part* o f this city and Brooklyn o aumary deae,sataBThilii f -_a t*mw I_ W^^^P^,^WP^P'i^W ^^.^teBw^*^!"fwf.•ystamof teAeruel mitwowemant,to: - _ _ _ _ • a_- Mialaaaraiiamla " jarfMnaaaft'V 1ha\Vl *••••HI W |7lHB^[tlHal «•••*•/ wm*i1 T » ' NASHAV iJTBEET.-A. HONIGMAN. DIAMOBO by their telegraph, might communicate with all the sta- A fantastical company, numbering about thirty-five. JL broker,makes liberal advance* on Diamonds, Watches,a p>puUU >n Iofberlng twenty-live muskets, and beaded by adrum corps, Youhave,yourself,arraigned them Beforethe ThefoundersofthisCommonwealthneverfailediathe Hag andotherparks;at theferries, overwhich many visitedHoboken.WATCHK* AMD JEWatUrTtodthatthesumwillether *pasmuchorthe above estimate. The creation than arises raise the windf where te *jnt money to ooanefnSo fax as there baa^ u a»v expression of hueteemItfevereftNSttradeaatt• resortte of direct tajuuion to ti-jpnort t h e prniisssd The report of the Ooraptrolkr shows t i e h u eftheStatefeettuyearlaaBto hetaantra a texefTJf, per centit oae-eteBtB ot one per sent,taxes would b e increased to twenty two timet the presenthomnoredcitterns OurowanaBUymastatutedid thceoneexxiisst. If it bad existed, could w c have complained, as wejasttydkl, te. ladteaant tones? of that outrage flyoouMwa. with any show of setfVor do I fail tonber. orfeel, thatthebloodofa -, wasmadetostainthethefloorof iSLtlT^v^5?7' ^ ***»» 0( "wordscpokeam S B * . * * *&•* eteeetivo fraud a n d encouraged tr^fff^v*'*"* ^c^cen'ratad to crush young free »*i«smaer cradle—and yet conspire and contribute^SteJ7 ^*AJw r r ? 6 ^wadag^outrage, hy which a majonry or m e Judges of tho Supreme Court have *Mea^*ed to register r decree that slavery shall existthemforthefirsttimeyesterday, double .net have betdisap-tsaately,wasnotinorder. TherewasnoboteI to return to Brooklyn aad endeavor t e witaoetthe tetaxvaatteaof re* keJB, | i .ltoemsa, aad the other parapasraelte teekteat.totral Park. A goodly number of Kew York-rata,t h e taxpayers can figure i t up. Masttety your pre tax by twenty-two aod you will know what you have under theneworder ofthings proposed Tate isthis will bo speedily accomplished and in time for the great holiday o f Tuesday next.THE WILSON INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.Tbe Christmas festival of the above school, 187 avenue A,w!BbeheM thisday, at eleven o'clock A. M., and a large attendance of the Christian public is requested sosprinkling of ethers, whowere far from hesagweB dressed, but who, nevertbetew, entered Into the spirit o f the sport with a test equal to that o f theirnate feltow-citiseas.Theprincipalscenesof this exhilarating ] those opea lots between Fourth a a d Fifth i near to Bewsnus creek, south ofthe n e w wt Citizens'Gas Light Company. T h e skating « there on Monday, in fact, and a large number i remained o a t h e tee, gliding about b y of t b e moon, till a very late hour yesterdayThepresei motherthe most eager andexacting, will be gratified withthoformation ofa solid andsmoothcoatof tee uponthepond. Its present condition would seem t o indicate that aad ladies, a s well a s with a pretty target' Hugh McOall, A b y « Catching, Thomneon 4 Clark, Archer * Co., G. L. TJoiaoaft Son,A.at Hopkins, Bren- dan, Wharthofi ft C o . ; Wnndmsn ft Bement, Moiony A Brother, Fellows ft Co., WaMef Cox ft Co., A. D . Berkkft °*->3 *-f«^^<te,8crul|s, TKmegan ft Co.;G. W. Gregor k Co., John Grace, dtewart, T u t U e k Co.; Watt ft **!!• hf*> 9»edee ft Co.; Patton, Smith k Putuatn; Hardteg, Ibby ft Morehead: Brand ft i W a y , Holmes k Sjaeaeer» R.W. Adams * Co., Oglesby ft McOonly, B. C.>g k Co , Wright ft Allen, a O. Nelson ft Co., Hen-derson, Terry *Co.; Coleman,Britton k Withers; Hughes,T b etad tea, of thtathat,tan« w JadajateBl, Georgia will promptly HyUested k Co., Holioway ft Lousdale, Martin, Cobb ftlarge number o f ladies were disappointed intm_ which were several hymns devoted to the day, such a sHark, the herald angels sing,Glory to the new born King, 4c.A pretty trio was sung by three little girls, the whole "of, say three hundred children, male aad female,TION ON THE PERSONAL LIBERTY LAW OP MASSACHUSETTS.they will b e repealed at once. But the mode which you suggest of approaching the Legislature has been SO much abased o f late i a mischievous attempts t o manufacture or misrepresent public opinion, that I have no taste for it. If my opinions canbe of say value to anybody towards the accomplishment of the desired end, this ex-COBRISPONTOSNCK BETWEEN BOBEBT AMD (iKOBUB A8H*TN.C .WINTBBOPAnthem, VeniteGloria Patr IJubilate Deo RecitativesfromMessiah,byMrs.Bodsteinandcho-r u s ILUi'iel Hymn, the forty-firth Mozart After tbe sermon t h e "Infiamatus,'' from Rossini's "Sta-batMater,"wassuaebyMrs.Bodsteinandchorus. Daringtheserviceacollection wastakenupfor therelief o f aged and indigent ministers. From all appear- ance a large sum was contributed for this highly charita- ble and necessary work.feeling a t this moment, and that is a a earnest desire to do whatever w e can towards rescuing our country from itepresentperilouscondition. Itmaybotoolate todo much, andIhave no faith that I can doanything. But yoa are in a position, I think, to do a good deal. It seams to me that hardly anything could have a belter in- fluence than themanifestation of a desire and of a pur- pose to repeal t h e unconstitutional acts o n o u r statutethere for m y testimony. HOB. ROBEXT C. W urraaop.GEO. ASHMUN.usefulness to the nation.I receive, therefore, the requests and suggestions madeiayourletterwithaheartywelcome. Aodhoweverun- importantmaybemyopinionsonthe subject to which yourefer,andreluctantatIamtointrudethemupon others, such a request, ooming from one w h o h a s held, and so honorably filled, your high positions in both the State and federal governments, and tons commands m y personal esteem, te entitled t o a respectful a n d frank response.or to settle a dispute between your neighbors without knowing what the aggrieved party had to complain of.manner. "Thereforewithangels,"byDr.Hodges,iu the communion sorrfto Jcond uded the elaborate music at Bt.Thomas'Churchon this*festive occasion. MissAn- drew, the soprano, appeared in excellent voice, and, al- though young, is certainly a n accomplished musician. Her solo in the -'Baaedictus" was admirably sung. The lady whosang thealto parts seemed to labor under the effects vii a severe cold. T h e male portion o f t h e choir acquitted themselves very welLHavre, 1.416:290: Antwerp 10,668 baks.Rotterdam, 060. Bremen, 311;Glasgow, Operto, 5 0 ; Gibraltar, 34—Total,MIBCBL^HaM>lJ8.cy o f the United States, upon the plain advocac vof prtacipJea utterly subversive of our rights, can onlyhe considered a t a declaration of hostility on the pert ot apawlum majoritytowardthepeopleoftheSouth—ado.cterettea which te fact, if not te form, dtesoivee the com-pactofanion between theStates, anddrives thea^- slaveactaofCongress arewholly unconstitutionaland mentoftheterms andconditionsuponwhich theywillI say, then, without hesitation, that in m y Judgment theenactmentsofourLegislaturewhichareintended or calculated to impair the force and effect of the fugitiveSuch, hastily sketched, are thegeneral outlines of the plan which, I understand, from sufficient authority, is now being discussed in New Jersey. I go for any plan which will draw from the people of the South a state-The sermon was preached b y tbe Rev. Dr. Morgan, andtheserviceswereconcluded bythogrand "Hallelujah" thedressesexcellent,andmanyofthetricksuniqueandall APATENTUOISEBROOM.from the''Messiah,''played on the organ by Mr. Hun EASE AED ECONOMY COMBINED.it in her power to d o more to save the Union than any Stateiait,andI,forone,hopeshewillnotbeslowtoour people should have beenled, by acta of injustice on thepart ofany ofour sister States, toretaliate by aa actofindefensiblewrongonoutownpart. ThePersonal LibertyupoathealtarofourStale,contenttoabideiuher pro*. act,asitiscommonlycalled,wasfirstpassedovertheveto THE RECENT RESIGNATIONS FROMTHEgold bycroaers and noose furnishers. Agenta wanted.IAWT Aimwomm.aahtevteg our mdoaoadence. we ahail not h e found want- tegtethe hour of danger.M.F. MAURYBrevetLieut.Col.WilliamH.Walker,oftheTenthre- giment of infantry. He was recently in command of the United States Arsenal in Georgia, o f which State b e i s a native.litsteja. The* we place our lives andour fortune*NATION AT THE tl.KBK OF THE WEATHER AND THBCENTRALFAREMANAOER8.The " ball was" not " up" yesterday, as some fiftythousand people, menand boys, discovered to theirre- gret on visiting the precincts of the Central Park, where they had hoped to speed perhaps some of the mostington unites the representatives of the North andSouthisapplaudedinrealBowery style, andwiththe LOST-ON 8UKDAY AFTBBNOON, BETWBB^THB greatest enthusiasm, although the South persists in se- ehurck oa WasUnstoa square and 146 Vast TwelfthKEW YORK H1RALD, WEDNECEMBEH2t59 1860.—toCHRISTMASDAY. atww Wwlrwl "Aawlrw ^sT • "Tairgct IaUrtttSe tew 8ke\tcrs« &ndt»liveChurch^.How the Hungryvwere Feaated and the anpty*;eke.,SERVICES AT GRACE THE BSBBKHf AND THBThe Christmas service a t Grace churchtook of the usual deeply impressive character of the Epis-copalChurch,andwasattendedbyanlaSaaeasenumber thosewhoattendtheschoolattheaboveinstitution,npoathesuppositkmthattherewillBenodecrease J^lrSSS^^ w5 ***ite •**»«hefore. Allthis m the value of property, bat we all know the existing ex- « too rresb remembrsnee These things m ay havesitcausedbytileactionoftheseosnslontetshasde- prompted,andprobablydidmuchtoprovokethepassagenusjlutedaUkBiahdlsiofproperty,a•ndifdtouutoeis accora- pUshed, the depreciation will h e much greater than It r te, O f course under seeh circumstances t h e ratecent of taxe* would be much tacr-LOUISIANA.HBW ORLEANS aBptflRJIOHfJ.TbefollowingruspenstotisinNewOrleanshave recent- aadafreeprom,thejudgmentofthecivilisedworldmay be safely awaited. Retaliatory legislation ihould b e leftTHE PRESIDENT OP THE CHICAGO CONVEN- ought certainly t o b e repealed; and I have faith thatOne e f t h e window i {the audience, severity, so much learn hurting 'the only incident•**y.TOHT8 OF THE I'B BALL.promptly extinguished. Damage $200: insured for U ,00(1 in the Lafayette Fire lnr urance Company.Passmc CswasasBg MONXY.—On Monday afternoon) officer Johnson, of the Ninth district, arrested a man- named Patrick Freeman for passing counterfeit $ 3 bill* ontheBankofCommerce, of Boston. He was brought before Justice Morehouse a n d discharged. A t eteraa o'clock P.M.the same officer arrested a mannsamfl Robert Pmith for having in bis possession counterfeit btlte of the same amount on the Market Bank, Mow York. H a attempted to pass o n e o f them to James McNalley. o faad that my suggestions may be superfluous. ButI office of mediator between thesections. AsfarasIun-THBMBTHODIST8OfALABAMAOM8BCB38ION.— Atameetingofalarge of themembersoftab AlabamaConferenceoftheMethodist church, heldat Montgomery, December 10, the following preamble andresolutionswareadopted:—Whereas, w e mmtetera o f t h e Alabama Conference o fthe Methodist Episcopal church South, having, under or- dinary circumstances. n o disposition t o intermeddle with the polities o f our country a s being foreign t o the great wort is which we are engaged, but regarding the pre**at seritoueoaadiiirmofourcommoncountryasacrisisin publicaflairscallingforunityofactionamongthepeopleof theSouth; andwhereas, weconceive itourduty, as well as our privilege, t o give expression to our views; there-foreReserved, That w e believe African slavery, as it exist*mthe tteutheru States of this republic, to b e awise,hu- i institution, approved of God aad eli- to te the highest possible degree t h ewelfare of i slaveThat t h e inauguration o f a n y political mea-sure which looks t o the overthrow o f this institution, o r friends inany orat any time, however distant, for the removal e f this servile eteeeoetof aretetton, which m their true aad nominal estate, into one *t whose duties aad raapa—tbttKtea they are meapalby • blind fanatic tern, which, will TtO bat madly destroys those whom ititoaie.That, as iu theProvidenceofGod, seve.darnicasoftheAfricanrace have beencommittedtoour careaeapeople,weshouldherecreanttothattreatif we did not defend our right to. their service against any1 forever.i,Thai tbe election of a sectional candidate to tito1partyto assert her independence andmaintain void, they shouldnever have been passed, andought be content to remain in the Union. This appears to bo rights,aiallhasardsandtothelastextremity. nottobepermittedtoremainonourstatutebook. Ide- mostsimple,expeditiousanddirect,andNewJerseyhaswereunderthe direction of Mr.U.Wels. chorus assisted.A powerfulthe 12th inst., in the same friendly spirit in which it ferred, according to Its provisions hack to the States forinto the cotton market, The altar was beautifully decorated with real dowers old friends seated onco more around the fes of specie, present and prospi her adversity, and determined as f>r ,TS of Governor Gardner in lsoo—at a time when the wild teathte,topreserveherhonor unsullied. .surge ofthe"Know Nothing" tempest wassweeping through all our halls o f legislation. Many o f Its most ob- noxious features were stricken out a t the earnest recom- >ofTexas haslately •i*- mendation ofGovernor Banks in1818. There wasanin-A very abte tetter tesamed i the Jownala of that State over the signature of tention of entire repeal manifested ia the Legislature of 1 ia_the journals o f thatJehuL. Hayues, showing, fresn omcial documents,tie 18su, aadabill forthat purposehadactuallypassedtheuliisltps aadblessingsthat annexationto the Unitad trialstageintheHouseofRepresentatives,aadwitheveryStateshasproduced,andcalculatingthecostofacccMi•i. prospect or nnal success, when the news of the AdjutantGeneraloftheSlateofGeorgia,ofwhichheisa wagoutofthequestion.Thewriteroftie tetter seta down thepopulation of assault on Mr. Sumner so moved the public native.Texasatthetime ofanacxattee, inlseo,at80.P40 ut indignation as to arrest for the time every Threenightsofsulticieutly severe frosthadelapsed, 183* itwasoaly Bt.tlt. The teereaae hinine /ears « w useful effort iu that direction. By this means Cadets H.S. Farley, James Hamilton andGeorge N. but the tee upon the pond, notwithstanding thisStates, new tocast upon sa the lair"****"1 •* * wrong of wldch they were the first aad the worst perpe tratora; or to hold eat. a* a p "areeaouaate tTokedlntortwTtaltosww, their had niiitaaari te this respect sWannoyance, and prevent tbe recurrence ef such general disappointment as was occasioned yesterday.• ' "iliumXT*ofthe uw^titutioWprovtaiona to our own tewsladto keep them alive to the present time. AU this, however, furnishes no justification. The true aad oaly remedy is anas to take part te the proceedings.THE FTV1 POINTS HOUSE OP INDUSTRY. Thesportwasrecommenced at a very oajdj"-*TM.appeal to public opinion and to the ballot box That such BBlB!£!I ? *A S* * . * * *«•»•* hmsjeetual, th e election ^"S&JS6 *1 w!_h*56 J2gLP*P- tmUkm consoling and satisfactory proof. With t h e right o f free speechThejuvenile residents oftbe Five Points, or at leastnumbers teeresaiag rapidly a t t h e morning adieus**. There were ontheteepersonsof allages, from Ike four year old,just assaying tobuckle on nte firstskates, t o t h e greyheaded grandsire, whenwholly to those who are conscious that they are wrong sad intend to remain In the wrong.WhileIttetruethattheseenactmentshaveneverbeen >ed ia o u r State, uaquestioaahly general public jonhasbeencalledtothemjustnowforthoreasonof t h e promoters o f disunion have paradedthem as a pretext for the treason which they propose tocommit In the South, aad undoubtedly they are astumbling block te the way of the many true friendsof the Union whose voice is,for the present,al-most drowned in t h e general howl which t h econspirators have contrived to raise. I would n o tronusel their repeal for the mere purpose of attempt-ing to please the plotters of treason at the South; norwould I refrain from i t t o gratify fanaticism which i sequally hostile t o the constitution in the North. The former class openly declare that they care nothing aboutthem, and that their repeal would change n o purposa oftheirs.YouhaveseenthesenatorialdeclarationsofIver-son, Clngman andtheir compeers to that effect. And tho preached by the Bev. Dr. Taylor, the pastor of ther eminifecences extended over half a century.too, turned oat strong, but,crowded state of thepond,not many themy*n- lined to skate On receivitneg rree'tefo from O n - tral Park, the numbers swelled to about two inim—i, at which hypothetical figure they seemed to continue; but ae there were constant arrivals and departures, there, could not have been fewer than t e a thousand personal present between sun and sun.The scene w a s exceedingly animating, and the enjoy- ment was enhanced by the genial weather, redolent as i t was of health, and giving promise, as it did.ef i cheeks and improved appetites. There was a great deal of fancy skating in all the varieties of- pteeoa% wteg,"ettersS, figures 8, and other complicatead designs,. a n d much fun'was elicited by the occasional mil of a too confident tyro. Nor wasthe amusement over at sunset, nor long after; for the enthusiasts of the sport con- tinued to enjoy themselves by the light of the mom,an f it Is not too violent a supposition that there were some who remained on the ice all ntejnt.ebongh, from having beensomuchcutup,itwasquiterough. Unfortunately, there isnoreservoir near•tofloodtheSouthBrooklyn ponds, a s te the case with those o f the Central Park.BreoteJym City Hew*.AixECED THEFT I> A CBTRCB.—A woman named ElisabethMitchell wasarrested on Monday evening, ona chargeof. stealingavflnefurvicto.mefromSt.Mary'schurch,cor- ner of Classen avenue and Willoughby street. Tbe stolen article belonged to a Mrs. Harriet Winficld.FrasnrADECGSTOBX—On Mondayeveningafirebroke outinadrugstorekept byMr.PatrickAylmg,corner of Keit and Myrtle avenues. In consequence of tbe e*mv bustlble nature of the materials tbe flames spread rapidly,mischief makers in the North, of whom there are too many, whodesire to keep up an inflamed condition of public sentiment, will, o f course, oppose repeal. But they should b e repealed because they are wrong; a n d being wrong,ourowngoodcauseteweakenedbytheircontinu- ance, and the sincere friends of tho I niou in the South are weakened because there is this single and only vulnera-church,whochoseforhisteatthewords, "Forunto usa child is born," taken from the ninth chapter andsixth verse oi the nvphet Isaiah. He dwelt for some timeonthek>\ <hctNiviourboreusandallhohaddono Barble point which they cannot defend. be right, and thus be invulnerableIL et our o w n Statefor us,andthei j> ceiled tospeak of theprogressof re- ligton in this c*>u jtry, :uid prophesied a speedy destruc- tion to paganism and intldelity.Many supposed ih..t Dr. Taylor would have referred t o the present national difficulties during his sermon, andt<beheld what clothed white nationalLetui»,incomingbeforetheaugusttribunalofpublic opinion, and asking for the just judgment o f the civilized world and of posterity, strip ourselves o f every impedi- ment which mayembarrass us inthecontlict. LetMassa- chusetts stand erect, conscious not only o f the righteous- ness o f her cause, but o f her fitness for its advocacy. * *Your letter suggests that, for this purpose, l should take thelead te'signing a memorial addressed to the Legislature, asking for a repeal o f t h e objectionable pro visions o f laws which have been referred t o . Theyexpressedsomesurprisethathedidnotdoso,butthe theywouldof their ultimatum as may be agreed uponby tbeir sister States.There is no power but the people, in these conventions assembled,thatcansaywhatwillsatisfy theSouth;and tosettlethedifficultybetweenthetwo sections,without knowingthisinplainanddistinctterms,tobestatedby theSouthherself,wouldbelikeattempting to negotiate between two armies without a proposition from either,THEATRES.availherselfofthegloriousprivilege.as a solemn fast."Diamond.,. Why not also extend t h e information conveyed b y tbe on their annual excursion, parading about forty-five mus- Qgeest value.aid tocommend to thecitisenaofMassachusetts aso- whichwereingrossviolationofthecoastitutionof lemnaadChristumrecognitionaadobservanceofthedayelevationof thohall couldbegiventotheresidentsof each ward, such a notice might also be telegraphed and posted up in the various public places, such as the Citypassed through Broadway.The Stevens fioard, composed entirely of boys.num-of ike ether slave States, had^teag before,UnKed States, aad o f the rights o f eitiseas e f other thus designated.ARMY AND NAVY. FBOX THE ABMY.ceding from the platform, upon which the party are con- veyed behind the scenes, with a resolution which would do honor to South Carolina itself. In order to give effect to tbe spectacle, the stage of the theatre is restored to - >its original proportions, and it is no small part of the eater- tuinment to see bow rapidly the carpenters construct astage,footlightsandall,andbowvigoroslythepitboys cheer on thework. Equestrian performances precede thepantomime,andalthough thereisagreat dealtoo much of Tony Pastor in the ring, be redeems himseifstreet, a told and' h'lair Mourni'ng Pin, with the Initials C engraved AsnMabterewardaadtbeithaiakaofthe will be given when returned to 146 West Twelfthr 08T—A LABGE BEV , ONCB BBOKE JH THB CBB- I i tre, and mended. The finder, by leaving It with the Jer- r>!Xrycollector,willberewarded.=LOAH OFFICES.ATMCHAMBERS BTBBBl-MONBTTOW&gTO any amount on Diamond*, set oiJetrelry, A c , or Aemmt, bought for theBrevetMajorHenryC.Wayne,lateofGeneral Quarter- plea-unt hours of their Christmas holiday. In other master's Department. H e has since accepted t h e post o f words, tbe pond was not frozen over, and skating upon itStates sloop Wyoming.Lieut. Wm. S. Dosier, of South Carolina,THE ADV ANCE OFFICESH e w as re- cently attached to the steam sloop Richmond, in the Medi- terranean, h u t received permission t o return to t h ecm ix>obtained in anyfrom Him consolation sad courage la affliction, aad dom and strength to avert public dangers.Under theshadow of impending national calamity, letite ffUew taeChrtettan custom o f our fathers and implorethe blessing of Heaven upon our beloved country; thatthe priceless prtvHt*es that have been transmitted to as, skating. The greater portion came in.tbemorning,andwere tcoompaatea by a band of forty pieces.TOO EXTRAVAGANT WITH HBB CHRISTM Ab PRESENTS.Mary Carr, a girl about twelve years eld, who had been in the employment of Mr. John Biey, in Sixty- secondstreet,nearThirdavenue, calledatthehouseamay be preserved forever; that,ear rulers m a r be iavest- ed with Wisdom aad courage rightly to discharge their duttee.thatthepeoplemayMarafrom Himthatthetbe fact that there was n o ice upon the pond fit for skat-ing being soap ramored about t h e city prevented t h evisitsofmanythousandsmore,orotherwisethenumberdisappointed would have been much greater than that few days ago aad stole $140. The juveauw thea went given above. A constant stream o f persons poured to^ i ^ e ^ o t h e r s 2 ? e & e s W S ^ J S I recognition of the rights of others Is indispensable to theofthesetofDasaaihi ».protection e f their own: that Idleness m a y not paralyse o f w w i u l l u i na gs l l a a b b o o r r , , n n o o r r w w a a n n t c l o u d i t s v i s i o n s o fandfrom the pond until a tote hoar in the afternoon, alighting at Abe termini of the cars tbe expectant •rs cast Immedtete aad eager glances in the direction of thebalLbntnought•ottheireyessavethebarepole ex- g up into the sky. The red orb was down—a fact that could hardly have been more startliag to them than t h em wnicn ne w a s mterestea w a s sown. Alter oom- Off they, aga geairM thtej, ooattensd their proThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069down town aa* agent about $13» of the mousy In buyingtoy*, suks, rare aad articles or jewelry, watch she con- templated givmg away toher friends.Itowsef thewasteleadsatof atuscttea, tie Jtew TurkCteateail w a l uadeialaed rates a n d regutetk saasmw ceaaa a s enjoyaw, aahaiaBaW sWilr~ BteV-Bssa, •fta'"'yi^*^w^*^^y ..W . hTuumpMaouau^gBIS*rVweiBmBoe^ESf.tSt a^WJprfcJ. * BTSHOp'*ttrTprTtbA'VO' 5£Sffte2££*i,l*"',*,,,i"* *«Ma Parte,Bo.aJUCHB *- readourthis twenty-Bret day o hund•re)dandof<,•|•i4T -,of persons, many o f whom were attracts] b y the know- ledgethatthesingingwastoheof thehi testordersad theselectiontobesaadefromthefavorwere yesterday regaled with "turkey, roast beef, pies, tarts, he.," the gift of tbe congregation of one of our city churches(nameunknown),besides receiving a present from theChristmas tree, which stood in all tbe grandeur of fourteen feet Inthe centre of the chapel, the branches "bowed down" under a load o f toys, consisting o f done, balk, trumpets, drums and such like things to amuse theAt an early hour the church began to^ H l t B eaisles s a d passage ways all being complefl r blocked, andgive seats to all, and many were obliged to turn awflof Be.children, a s well a s books, candies l a silkenT b e s e n tees were enlivened with singing,not ibeing able t o g e t even standing room. ^ Hhe would accommodate them; b u t it was useless, thirty pews appropriated to strangers were filled I ago, and there was not room for one more.The prayer was ofered up, aad the soocecding lesson* werereadbytheRev.Mr.Little,andthesermonwathe chorus. Tbe girls were remarkably clean appearance, having on white aprons aad cleanly Over the children were the words, "Oato •n,oatousasonisgiven,"in rusticlet- ofiercdupprayer, andalso withMr. the children. As the toys were when anything showy waaexpressed their pleasure in some r, and when one doll was shown, breadths of its dress being "red,hearty cheers were given for t h e " the children whether tocomeeveryday,"towhich He then asked why theysermon w a s strictly confined t o t h e doctrine o f t h e church and Christian truths.Between the different lessons tho singing w a s listened to with a wrapt and undivided attention, a large number of thecongregationturningroundandfacing the choir, so as to obtain a view of the singers. It was really very fine, and tbe rendering of the "Infiamatus" from Rosini s 'Stabat Mater" was perfect. In addition to the regular choir, there waspresent a Quartette from theMen delsoha Union, who kindly volunteered their services for that occasion.Tbe following was th e order of th e music at Grace church yesterday, each piece being in itself a gem:—an affirmativewould like it, wlshalof an army,can eagle on his breast,each child had received mining an orange, an apple given to each and they wen ceived it., dressed like a mar- ate side aad the Ameri- 'To eat turkey." When toy, a paper bag, con- ants andcandies, was issed when they re-Chorus—Kyrie Heteon, (first time) Chorus—Gloria Patrie, " Chorus—Credo i n D s o , " Quartette and Chorus—"SalveRegina" OffertoryGenerali. Generali. Generali.Diabelli. Mrs. Clark.Mr. S. F . E. KIRKY. the President, gave as a Knights of the Round Table," aad traced history of tbe organization.toast, •The brief theThe decrease in receipts a t t h e lastyearwas 426,000 bales. The Great Britain w a s 126,000 bales; 22,000; increase to other foreign p crease in exports, 41,000 bates. 11 k Co., in tbeir circular for the makesthefollowingremarks:—Thei thetoliticalexcitement;indeed,tt of South Carolina increases the dif ampleisfollowedbyotherSta businessforsome monthsmayr homeandabroad. 1he advicesI ton. and from London as to m know,sayto13thDecember,are, ofwhat wasexpectedandmore cheerful view of thefiTbesermonwaspreached bytheRev.Dr.Camming, who,inhisopeningremarks,statedthatthecollections of thedaywouldbedevotedtothe use of the Roman CatholicOrphanAsylumofthiscity.and Ladder Company No. 6, said, inresponse meet hiswas written. T h e high regard which our associatedrelations, during many years o f public service, im -presseduponme.hasnotbeenweakenedbythelapseoftime,norbythedifferentpathswhichasenseofdutyled eachofustopursueinthe recent Presidential elec-tion. Ibelievethatwewerebothguided bythosameprincipleslookingtotheirpracticaldevelopemeutpleoftheSouthwhatwillsatisfythemInthisUnion,it withheavygarlandsandwreathsofevergreen.Thoser-temtheefficiencyofthefiremanwouldnotbeequalto ofplantersholdingbarkaconsiderableportionof throughdifferentmeans;forIcannotforgetthatyourfidelity to those principles, which have been vindicatedin this election, brought upon y o u t h e venomous a s -saults of thesamemen whoarenowendeavoring tobreak the Union of these States; nor can I forget thomanly fidelity with which youadhered to those pnnc-ples through Your entire public life. M y deep a n d sin-cere regret—ofW>u publicly as well as privately de-clared—Baa been and still is that reasons, public or pri-vate, or the distasteful condition of public affairs, or anunjust temporary popular prejudice, should keep you iu with power to make such modifications as to the details retirement from that activity which would give yourluntary, free devotion to duty w a s more effective a a d more noble than the Incentive of hire or pay. In conclu- sion be gave the health of Chief Engineer Decker.Messrs. Kirby, Wamlnild and Mallville sang a number of songs. Responses to various toasts were made b y Messrs. Jacobs, Option. Whitloek, Bassford a n d Morris, and in like cantatory. blbatory and fumigatory exercises the company passed the time until the -'v/x sma' hours aynnt the twal."ratificationThus our friends a t the North will have something tauand evergreens, garlands and wreaths.tive board to commemorate a n organization which, though small a t Brat, bad increased to great magnitude. Hecomparedthevolunteerwiththepaidsystem inthe tiredepartment,andregrettedthatamovementinfavor of the latter wastobeseton foot in tbe Legislature duringtbewinter. Heconsideredthatundersuchasys-ease in t h e money market,of exchange less diflVult,of a higher rate on l»ndo Wehavealsos rapidfallingo atthecouthbymailaswelt as b viewsaredecidedlybelow 4,000,4gibletogoupon,andsomethingaroundwhichthesolid men,thequietmenofthecountrybothNorthandSouth, EastandWest,mayrally.STTHOMAB'EPISCOPALCHURCH. Theservicesat this church were well attendedbya fashionable congregation. Thechurch wasdecoratedHavingthusfairlyascertained directlyfromthepeo-willremainforthoseoftheNorthtoaccedetoit,and viceswerebeautifullyinterspersedwithmusicbythehisefficiencyunderthepresentsystem,inasmuchaa*vo-.roiiarefreelycanvassed.Thequantitylikelytobeex ported to foreign countries is also a matter of iand eutcrs somewhat into the calculationThese combined influences, which had acted favprices and extent of business at the date of ourlast cir- cular, have produced a more marked effect during t b e l>ast we<k: t h e transactions have been to a greater e x - tent , prices have advanced, aad taking price, freight and1 exchange,wearenotonly abovetheparityofthelast quotations frem Liverpool, but higher than at any pre- vious time illis season. In this city w e have had aisod demand for cotton on the spot, andevery parcel lamasd at market rates has found a prompt purchaser; the sales, which amount to 8,000 bates, have been for Liverpool, Havre,theContinentofKuropeandourownconsumption. Priceshavefurtheradvanced %c. perpound,and dose firmlyattheannexedquotations.Theclearancesfortbe week have been a s follows:—To Liverpool, 7,846 bates;save the Union, or to refuse it, and so break up the Union. But there is no fear of any such alternative, for the peo- ple o f t h e South are not going to require anything th it the North should n o t rightfully yield. T h e South does not want the North to do anything that is iaconsistett, with either Northern honor, true dignity or propriety.choir. The opening voluntary, b y Mr. John F. Hunting ton, was an extempore performance, in which ho intro- duced b y special request, variations upon "Sound t h eOf course tho conventions in Alabama and Mississippi. which are thefirst that the New Jersey Commissioner can now roach, will each leave in existence a commissionThe following was the programme for the Gunter.loud timbrel." occasion:— Chorus—"Y enite".." "Gloria Patrie"Gunter. Jackson. Gunter. Huntington. Thalberg. TheresponsestotheCommandmentsandthesentences: aitheOffertory,ware also rendered la averyetteotivv" "TeDeum" in ESolo .aidChorus—"Bfnedictus'' Fifty-sixth PmlmFifty-fourth HymnflatDl:*APPOINTMENT OF THOUSANDS—IKMEN8B INDIG- bit of Unionism, where a miniature General Wash-The difficulty appears t o have originated a s follows:—It will bf remembered that a thaw succeeded tbe last spell of skating at the Park, and tbe managers thinkingto take advantage of B to form an entirely new face of ice, astheoldonehadkeensothoroughlycut up,hadtheice broken up, with the intention of flooding it andso have a new and smooth surface at the next frost. But tbe managers proposed and the clerk of the weather dis- posed. Jack Frost never kept so "shady" as hedid during the interval from the breaking up o f the ico to avery enjoyable and very Christmaslike, and all i wifi doubtless pay it a holiday visit.folk«buau«*a transacted an Batureaya.y m VEDAB BTREBT^-HBITBr HYMAN, BlAMOJlD A1United States inanticipation ofthe acceptance of hisre- few days since, but when be did come he any number of prizes.ami rvei > deacription of Mereaaadtae, or biRbesl )-»era given. Buateees atrtetly« iniureu. E^ablehed intf**- Principal atreet; branch ofitee 407 Broasway.signation b y the Department.A raOCLAMATKW.The President o f the United States, b y his proclamationwas attended by his bosom friend, eld Boreas,whose boisterous mood prevented Jack from performinghtednty at the Central Park Skating pond; or , to speak full band. Tbe company is omposed mostly of more plainly, the high wind which has prevailed duringthepastfewdays hasinterfered withtheformationof oneoftbeMO.-IeffUient rr>masui doing duty inthe newtee, aadthoold fields andfloesarcstill floating about, i aded in red shirts,THENATIONAL FASTDAY. (OhntONWEAL TH O F MASSACHUSETTS, B YYesterday we noticed the Warren light Ouard, Caput in John Craft, aicommated b y Sbeltou'sThird and Fourth district.-. The. divided,likethemapofawell watered country,bynu- blackpants,withglasedbuttons i (..i. velvet capsand meaausstreamsandrivulets. blackbelts. Some fifteen pior. < leaded theband,Quite asmmber ofear iike vehicles wereat the Park yesterday, aad a s the air was rather too pierc-were disappointed also at the prospect of no skating.It te te be hoped that ia a few days every skater, evensister city for th e purpose of showing their dexterity oa tho tea; coaaeqututly there itthat the skating poads of that'citywith a multrtade of well-dressedAn accident occurred during t b e which might have proved serii shades broke from its hinges and striking a lady on the head with so as to cause her to leave the others in her neighborhood. T h that occurred to mar the pleasTHE DAY AMONG ANNITEBSABT CELEBRATION BOUND TABLE—BANQCBTTheKnightsoftheRoundTabled ciety, composed principally of partment, celebrated its eighth atmi'tention of the toys but through the activity of the firemen they warmto a call, that he was happy toTHETHE OLD BOWEBT THEATRE.The lessees of theoldBowery have celebratedthe Christmasholidaysinthegenuine English style, bythe productionofanoldfashionedpantomime,called'The MonsteroftheSulphurMine." Thepiece is differently arranged from those pantomimes which the Ravels nude so popular. It opens with a traveetie of "Jack the (riant Killer," and the characters are then transformed intothe Columbine, Harlequin. Pantaloon and Clown of the genu- ine style. Tbe scenery. by Rogers and Bowes, is very fair,laughable. The piece was greeted on Christmas e v e b yEvery body should try one.Manufactured by D . M .SMITH, 98 Maiden lane, a a dTW various lines of oity railroad cars did a "driving equipped in their fuH tire suit. 'It tnrget. on their re- 1if auaihandles" TranaaettefttocnadeaUaL Auctionon | this already good idea o f t h e Commissioners. The Jackson Light Guard, Capt. Carey, also turned o u tWatebse.J .. " I t Z ' a & e v t v t t . •IB, 170Broadway,upat tbeirbull more generally Hum it is at present? There are many kets. They also contended for a number of valuable and simple means of doing this. TheCentral Park police, prises.iA^raaiiB.iTotion houses of tbe city, and in that manner notice of th e were also out, creating a good deal n merriment as theyJewelry, Ae., er buy* U n a at full vaiae at ki» prtteoe ooVe, No. 6S Nas*au street, room No. 2, up stair*,dentin*.Caadatthebarofpublicoptetea, forthese acts houroftribulationandtrial to recognise thehandof suburbanresidentscrosstoenjoythepleasureaflbrdedat The Morgan Musketeers made their seventh annual AAlmighty God in the disposition of great events; to seek thoCeutral Park, sad on the different railroad lines, gueh T BETAIL TOR THIRTT DAT8,nikiseat**,aadyoucoateatthattimedoit boldly, anarrangementwouldsaveavastamountoftroubleand paradeyesterday,sadproceededtoStatenIsland. TheyAwboteaatestockofjTetasesaa<It is computed that not less than fifty thousand people of all ages visited the park yesterday, for the purpose ofUntitled DocumentBROOKLYN ONTHEICE. tste Brooklynites turned o u t teYesterdayprompted thereto by tbe fine hard frosts of the h * e tw», days,forthepurposeof enjoyingthe"poetryofmotion:' on the k e Hundreds o fexTemperteed sheets o f water fe^aadstrength,tetawBuaaercushclRec. Ex-toG.A N AO L D ESTABLISHEDOwTICEa H s li$$£'w!S8S&&&. www.fultonhistory.com 