 *»ths aaaiversary jf u w i M t f that aaom-mtous The head that P««>*d »• ssighly seats*;*. which, with an ilit/iimi* that **gp> *»-, survives to bail tarn arsgeae, buttheir work1ooofrM on '•g*r*ea•t !M£SM;m-Taw*^ MP \W « • i t ivy sad ptanfclta 11a* sosfer* «i g—at•Baa? Wwew sawjtoswnl at* tbe put, and we barenr^ytatb* iay.lheitoel to bear oar testimonymatortagcmhmtiou, furnish a sufficient defence against currence certainly (if truly reported, and of that I know csBSstoos at yet e f S r t r detttned preponderance, but al- tbe gallant individual and his crew by the tbOfeawtal charts Hen do not gather the grapes and nothing), Illustrative, I hope, not of "a Rate of things" ready homing tbe central balance, Bbnde Island and De- Mate barb, whteh be trwsteafits of sconce, art, taste, wealth, and manners from the which has arisen ta America, but of the degree to which laware, nttoed by tbe TJnton to a po«ncal equality w i * sails were n e w spread before.sateaf that When)i.rin*atthe«a4ofhsifa«*«r,«««he t ttUw M Mboor, thirty-tear yoarsago. awrviror 4 Ibe signers ckwed hi* vaeemutt)violence. These fair fruits grow only ta the gardens H.t. if there ta any feeling ta England that ens of public peace aad industry, protected by thetail.aad oilWehave that up ourwe hare escaped from the caot Mil from the dusessioos of'epre- oompre- equalsotww sssswwaw,w>that divide* to to birthday of the UIMO vtlfa<o« IKW> tad wan anevotos. Wo have OOOM hw tea* y ~ r 1M0. to do oar part In fulfilling to* re-^rt.hh M>iui ••_.ui •-— Bubtesawof Maon-rhiwnlts John I— • wto». * the language of Jefawa—, woo "thewSSf Of UpJMTOM." Althomumgh tbhos Deciarati.*y ^ U w ^ L f f M B t__ ISMFoartb <i.f.luty(whtobhjBae— JlMtb •(W"» th»aSf of «*•)*»• iversay) , the retstu- _ it n o founded passed on tbe 21 iasUnt. OB the fUkiwlug day, accordingly, John Adams, ta • totter« Yttatrasy tbo greatest quest** n i decided the*a-ntrbeaded abroad, which give to tbe branchweight with the largest, ia one bran w^t^mw^ngawjyms wfltm^m^ 'Wpampwv^nw^iln-'wt^iPbPsh, P ^ * araswy cal majority; and neither ia this norwear wehnled In f r f c w . a a d greater perhaps never wooasr win be deemed sawtag — . A resolutloa was passed and warlike tnhabi ants resisted from the arst ail coales-without «M dias-nttag eoiony, that tboM Laited States cence with the new comers. To su idue this waste—to are aad of right oagbt to be free and tadopeadcoi Statot plant cornfields iu the primeval forest—to transfer the UsaMe to restrain tbo fullaoM of bit emuttoos, « civilization of Europe to tbe new world, and to make safe and sufficient arrangements, under political Institutions. for the growth of free principles—sat tha great problem to be solved. It was no holiday pastime—uo gaiuful speculation—no romantic adventure; but grim, p< rsw- tent, weary toil and danger. 'That it has been upon the whole performed with woiderful sucews, who will deuyfnonrrrr letwr to bio wUo, but of 0»e aame dote—oomroJIy •MouiiDg tbot tbo day (M which the reooloMoo was pool- ed would be tbo day hart-after comtoeiuoratod—he bontt ovt hi tbio all bat inspired otrain .—political influence, is itself a very era jicnt chect on such bad formerly brought to bear upon Parliament, in ferreddebt of freedom, tighs through all her liberated tions, and though Br. Hayes bad met with difiteolta* m"The day » pawed, tbr ad of July, 1776, will be the moota democracy. Each of these Stntes It b represen- resisting railways, when called for by the public nccessi ; States for a representative confederation, and claims the getting an oulot, the deepest Interest existed iu the co«a•HHOriHt) epoch in the bivtory of Amarica. I am Apt tobaUoro that it will be celebrated by succeeding genera Wb* re else ta tbe history of tbe world have such resultstative comzuonwealth, composed <f t*0 brancies, ties, was now employed to carry measures of a far dirie- title of the Italian Washington for her heroic Garibaldi. try ta relation to the cxpedittoa. It was for bim aad hatu.no aa the ateat aawtwarwary festival. Itooghttobo been brought about in so short a timer And if! desired, ODsaaaOBMirateda«thedayof deliverance bysolemnacts asldonot,togivethisdiscussiontbecharacterofrecrimi-with the ordinary divisions of ex^cttae, legisla- rent kind, originated by cupMity, knavery and folly. But; Here, then, fellow citizens, I close where I began; the officers and crew to recollect that glory aad suilermg g*of dwtotkw to tied Almighty. U ought to be solemnise 1 nation, might I not, dividing the period which haselapsedwith pomp and parade, with shows, gaoses, sports, guns, since the commencement of the European settlement.-, in boUo, bonOreo. and iliuiuinations, from one end of America into two portions, vi/~ the one which prec-dedtive and iudlcili power. It is true, tbaf In- thesegentlemenbad discovered, bythistime,thatrail-, noble prediction of Adams is fulfilled, the ques- come of the States rsome trifling property qualifica- ways were as a golden mine to them. They sat at rail-1 tion decided eighty four years ago in Philadel-together. Noonecould rise to a bighernaturewttnat experiencing tbeir share of trial*. Be ought also to recat- lect that be was cbarged with sustaining tbe boner of tat American name. In conclusion Governor Bank_ exnreese.this contiaant to tbe other, from this time forward for- and the one which has followed tbe Declaration of Inde-phia was the greatest question ever decided taAmerica; and the event has shown that greater,perhaps, never was nor never will be decided am mg bis Individual wishes to Dr. Hayes for his success.eyersnore. You will think mo traaaported with enthusi- pendence—the former under the sway of European go asm, hut i am not. i am well aware of the toil and blood verrments: England, Holland, France, Spain; the latterDr. B a n s , tn response to what had been uttered, speks as follows:—! feel too aeeply tbe value of this meeting to regard it as aa occasion of mere formality. I wools tsf glad to express to you all the meaning which it has farand treasure that it wit cost to mam tain this declaration, under the government of the independent Unitod s t a t e s - and support and defend tbeae States. Yet. through all might I not claim for the latter, under all the disadvan-increase of voters has been caused by the increase of poputati"n. Under elective governments, withafree press, withardent party divisions, and questions that touch the heartoftbe people, petty limitations on the right of suffrage are all events, it is a matt- r of fact that, through parliamen- farther Bast, crossed the earth and the ocean, and myself, but I am uaab e to do so. This little vessel, indeed "cobwebs,'' wbichthepopular will breaks through.tbe gloom, I con see tbe rays of ravishing light and glory. 1 can see that the md is more than worth all the means; that posterity will triumph in that day's transaction, ores although we should rue it—which I trust la God we •boil sot.''tages of a new government and limited resources, the credit of greatly superior energy and practical wisdom in carrying on this magnificent work r It was the inherent vice of the colonial system that the growth of the Ameri- can colonies was greatly retarded for a century in conse- quence of their being Involved in all tbo wars of Europe, there never was a period since Columbus sailed from Patos, In which the settlement of the country has ad- vanced with such rapidity as within the last sixty years.Yankee legislators call '• log rolling;" that Is, "you help from the central plains of America to tfie snows of the me to rol' my log,aad I will help you to roll yours." Alt Cordilleras, from the western shores of tbe Atlantic to theThe toss wbkh bat> elapsed since the great event tookplace is ss considerable; the national experience whichhas sssce accrued is so var lei and signincaat; tbe changesin oar condition at homo and our relations abroal are Sotast, as to make it a natural and highly appropriate sub The commencement of the Revolution found us with aaccidentally omitted from schedule A, were authorized ta.tined to be fulwied—if it is the will of Providence that the lands which now sit in darkness shall see the day— that the south and east of Europe and the west Of Asia shall be regenerated, and the ancient and mysterious re- gions of the East, the cradle of mankind, shall receive back in these tatter days from the West the rich repay- ment of the early debt or civilization, and rejoi v In theCI of insuiry.oo the ruurrouce of the anniversary, s tar tbo hopeful auguries with which our indepen- dence was declared have boon fulttlied. Has " thegloom which, in tbe language of Adams, shrouded theFourth of July, 1770, given way, on this luurlh of July,IMS, " to tbotfO riijB of light and glory" which he pre-dicted? Has " toe t-na " at> he fondly believed i'. woulddo, proved thus far to be more than "worth all thepopulation not greatly exceeding two millions; tbe cen- sus «f 1900 a little exceeded five millions; that of the present year will not probably fall short of thirty-two millions. The two centuries and a half which preceded the revolution witnessed the organization of thirteen colo- nies, to which tbe period that has since elapsed has added twenty States. 1 own it has filled me with amazement to find cities like Cincinnati aad Louisville, Detroit, Chicago and St. Louis, not to mention those still more remote, onThese things, be it remembered, took place, not in a newly gathered republic, just sprouting, so to say, into existence on the frontier, inhabited by the pioneers ofsaoanof" Moss sisnally, as far as he individually wasconcerned. Be lived himself to enjoy more than s Ro spots which, within the memory of man, were frontiermas triumph, in U P result of thai day's transiction; to military posts—to find railroads and electric telegraphstrai-ers'lng forests, in whose gloomy shades, as late as 1TS9,sign with his brother envoys the treaty of peace, by the wild savage still burned his captives at the stake.which Great Brita n acknowledge*, the indep. ndeooe of The desponding or the unfriendly censor will remind me bar ancient Colonies; to stand before the British throne, of tbe blemishes of this tumultuous civilization; out-lbs trot representative of the newly constituted republic; breaks of frontier violence in earlier aad later timet; a d sasd after having ailed Us second offioe in couatcti- n with of injuitice to the native tribes, (though he policy of the him whs, whether m peace or in war, could never Allany place but thefirst—fesc Doe as ; i the hearts of his government toward them has in the main been paternal andeocy do not always-Jtosure independence oa tbe part ofthe representative", may be Inferred from tbe rather re-markable admission of Lord Grey, In this w r y debate,that "a large proportion of the members of the presentHouse of Commons arc. from varijous ctrcomstances,afraid to act on their real opinions," on the subject of theReform bill before them. I have already observed that itwould be Impossible, with'.n the limits of this address, toenter into a detailed examination of all the matters laidto our charge on the occasion alluded to. The ministerialleader (Lord tiranville) candidly admitted, in the courseof the debate, that, though he concurred with his brotherpeer in some of his remarks, "they Were generally muchexaggerated." We, too, mist admit with regret that,for some of the suaemeats made to oar discredit,there to a greater foundation, in foot, thanwe could wish; that our political system, likeall human institutions, however wise in theoryand successful in its general operation, to liable to abuse;that party, the bane of all free governments, works its one European nation," be observes," were to act ta theWhile Cincinnati was visited by a thunder storm be-tweet twelve and one o'clock on Sunday morning last, a than a fair return for the kindness which I bats receival very destructive tornado passed over Spri igfteld at pre- at yonr bands. I am proud to say at this moment thacountrymen—be lived to succeed to the great Chief, and coasBtosttousi) administered) lbs roughness of man-rull details, from which we extract the principal fasts. friendly contribution* and encouragement. I shall ttrtve The gale first broke forth near tbe residence of Mr. Gwy nn, to he worthy of this joint manifestation of trust. Let ssin the northwestern part of the city, in a forest, where a hope that we shall meet again, nod that I thai! be able a 'single tree was river to tbe ground. Then it swayed over person to present to you tstitaaetory fruits of th<.e_st- tbe Col ere grounds in a southeasterly direction, destroy dition. I thank you heartily, gentlemen, and tender tasloped his honored career as the • lective chief Magistrate Of those United States, whose Independence he bad done so much to establish; with the ran additional felicity at lbs last of seeing bis son elevated to the same station.ners In infant settlements—the collisions of adventurers not yet compacted Into a stable society—deeds of wild justice and wilder injustice—tx>rder license, lynch law. All these I admit and ! lament; but a community cannot grewupatoncefrom the log-cabin,withthewolfattu>ing_everything that lay in its path.The first premises struck were those of E. Qwynn. Theyou my heartfelt wishes for the prosperity of yos sat yours.si rort-Laa oovsmASsjn a raufss ?But the life of an individual isjbut s span in the life of door and tbe savage in the neighboring thicket, into thc-B u t H o n o r M a y o r L ixewL S w a s n e x t i n t r o d s o a t He said bis Excellency bad already extended p a t cheer to tbe explorers as tbe Governor of the Oaav monwealtb. aad it was his duty at" wen as pteatws, as behalf of the commercial metropolis of New frgatd,statement of tbe ill onpuod alternative and yet the in- signal activity, intelligence and success. The founders of quiry seems forced on us, by opinions that have recently America and their descendants have accomplished more been advanced In high places abroad. In a debate In the and better things. On the hasis of a rapid geographical ex-tent ion, and with the force of teeming numbers, they have, in the very infancy of their political existence, sue ressfully aimed at higher progress in a generous civiliza- tion. The mechanical arts have been cultivated with un- usual aptitude. Agriculture, manufactures, commerce, navigation, whether by saiU or steam, and the art of printing in all its forms, have been pursued with sur- prising skill. Creat improvements have been made in ail these branches of industry, and in the machinery per- taining to them, which have been eagerly adopted in Europe. A more adequate provision has been made forministration oil he law ; and that, in consequence, thelaws ta this country have become mere cobwebs to resisteither the rich, or the pop. lar feeling of the moment; ina word, that the American Astnea, like thf goddess ofold, has fed to the stars, t need not say, fellow-citizens,ta your hearing, that wherever else this may be (fue(and I believe it to be true nowhere in the United States)ft is not true in Massachusetts; and that West ninsterHall never boasted a court more honored or more worthyof honor than that which holds its office by a life tenureand administers Impartial justice?, without respect of per-sons, to the people of Massach isetts. Such a court thepeople of Massachusetts have no with to change for aaelective judiciary holding office by a short tenure. Intheir opinion, evinced in their practice, this all-importantbranch of tbe government ought to be removed as far aspossible beyond the reach, of political influences; but it issurely the grossest of errors to speak of the tribunals ofthe Uuited States as being generally tainted with party, orto represent the law in the main as having ceased to berespected and enforced. Taking a comprehensive viewof the subject, and uot drawing -weeping inferencesfrom exceptional occurrences,"it may be safely said thatthe law of the land is ably, cheaply and impartiallv ad-ministered in the United States, and implicitly obeyed.On a few questions, not a half a dozen in number since theorganization of tbe government, and.'those partaking of apolitical chartcter, the decisions of the Court, ike the ques-tions to which they refer, have divided publicopinion But the gross and persistent misrepresentations of which theyHouse of Lords os the 19th of April, on a question rela-tive to the extension of the elective franchi.se in England—tbo principle wbkh certainly lies at the basis of populargovernment—the example of the 1'nited States, Insteadof betas held up for imitation in this respect, ss hasgenerally bees the ease, with reference to popular re-forms, was referred to as showing not the advantagesbut the evils of an enlarged suffrage. It was emphaticallyaswitnd or plainly intimated by the person who tookthe lead In tbe debate, (Kai 1Grey) whose family tradi-tions might be expected to be ..strongly on the side ofpopular right, that, in the United States, since the Revo popular education than in almost any other country. IMr. Eva—rrr expressed bis deep sympathy with as At the loot of Limestone street tbe roofs were taken off objects and success of the expedition. Others hatlottenary period and by tbe undue extension of tbe right of enaVsgo, our elections have become a mockery, our Legislatures venal, our ooorta tainted with party spirit, our laws "cobwebs" wuiei the rich and poor alike break through, and tbo country and the government in all its'believe that in the cities of Boston, New York and Phila- delphia, more money in proportion to the population, is raised by taxation for the support of common schools, than in any other cities in the wwld. Thrre are more semina'iies in the United States, where a respectableBut that the intercourse of the United States with GreatBritain has, ta the main, been conducted, earnestly indeed, as becomes powerful States treating Important sub-jects, but courteously, gravely and temperately, no onewell asquainted with the facts will, I think, deny. It street. The machine sheds of Pitts k McLennan werewould not be difficult to pass to review our principal con- displaced and partially demolished, causing serious losstroversies with England, aad to show that when she his in machinery, finished and unfinished. A Urge chimneyconceded auy portion of our demands, it has not been be- in the rear part of Judge White's residence w c throwncause they were urged in an "unscrupulous and ovef- down' upon a shed roof, breaking through into an apart were going bettor fitted than was Cotambus or. Lis —y- bearing tone" (an idea not very complimentary to her- ment occupied by a servant girl, fragments covering herbranches, given over to corruption, violence and a gene academical education can be obtainod—more, I still mean,were brave men anu resolute,and went with hearts safe up to meet the hardships of the voyage. He could wst that they had more elbow room ta this gallant craft, tr that they had a consort to share their daoxt rs. mv.i taef *ral disregard of public morality. If these opinions are well founded, then certainly we labor under a great delu- sion in celebrating the National Anniversary. Instead of Joywes chimes sad merry posh, responding to the triumphant salvos whi h ushered in the day, the Fourth of Juir ought rather to be commemorated by funeral bells, and minute guns and dead marches; and we, instead of assembling in this festal hall t > congratulate each other en its happy return, should have been betterfound in Mckcloth and ashes in the h >use of penitence and prayer. I believe that I shall sot, waudorYrom tbe Hue of remark appropriate to the occasion If I invite you to loin me ta a hasty inquiry, whether these charges and in- tissttiocs are well f winded, whether we have thus dege- nerated fr on the standard of the Revolutionary age; whe- ther the salutary checks of our system hare been swept away, asd our experiment of elective self government has consequently become a failure; whether, ta a word, the great design of Providencs in the discovery, settlement, political independence and national growth of the United atajtoa bat sees prematurely arrested by our perversity, or whether, on tbe contrary, that design ta not—*-uh those vicissitudes, sad drawbacks, and human infirmities of character, aad uncertainties of fortune which beset alias tbo individual man asd the societies of men, in tbe Old World aad tbe New—ta a train of satisbctory, hopeful, nay, triumphant and glortaus fulfilment, axou»nCKmcus isSaoTasrs,And in the first place 1 will say that, in nay judgment, great delicacy ought to be observed and much caution practised in those disparaging commentaries on the con-in proportion to the population—than iu any other coun-try except Germany. The fine arts have reacheda high degree of excellence. The taste for music israpidly spreading in town and country; and every yearwitnesses productions from the pencil and the chisel ofAmerican sculptors and painters, which would adorn auygallery tn the world. Our astronomers, mathematicians,naturalists, chemists, engineers, jurists, publicists, histo-rians, poets, novelists and lexicographers have placedthemselves on a level with those of the elder world. Thebest dictionaries of tbsEuglish language since Johnsonare those published in America Our constitutions, whe-ther of the Uuited Stales or of the separate States, ex-clude all public provision for the maintenance of religion;but in no part of Christendom is it more generously sup-ported. Sacred science is pursued as diligently, and the to a confederation coextensive with Europe. I know ofself) , but because they were founded in justice and sus- tained by argument. This is not the occasion for such-a review. In a public address which I had the boar of delivering in this hall last September, I vindicated the negotiations relative to the Northeastern boundary frombed, but fortunately doing her no injury. Trees were thrown down in Mr. Mo-row's lot, in Wm" Rodgcrs' lot, Lewis Cobaugfa's lot, Mrs Torbert's, &c.At the foot of Spring street the long stone building, owned by Christopher Thompson, was badly wrecked, unroofed and guttod, and two Iri-h families within, though r-nrrounded with fallen rubbioh, and badly .scared, were unhurt. One woman here, who has beeu" b>ifast for four years with rheumatism, in the tuidst of the storm leaped from her bed, and, with the other members of the hous hold, made for the cellar. The brick house adjoining, occupied by ktr. Par-age to discover America. They were going with a., lbs light of science to guide them;*with brave meu, wbx wil not be frightened at shadoas, and by the light of bi»era experience. It might he the will of Providence tc piace before them the impassable harriers of toe. They K«ht f find the Volar re_ion fringed with uncouth. 'mrasatSW |j mountains of ice. (ta the other hand, it might be ha I good pleasure to pass them safely through, into that pri- son of waters where tbe flag of tbe world was never as furled, or the keel ef vessel never floated. If they fst- cceded their names woald be placed beside tbo*e of tat great discoverers. Mr. Everett closed with aa elo«.aaa appeal for the Divine protection of the vessel a&l tor officers aad crew.American engineers and travelled by American ; troops armed with -American wea- atti ships «f war balk In American dock yards. InlbsfiutortatofEuropethe-* umachinery •eacy with which t h e ' sitisens of <3ui cvaJry of AOKrioau tavuAtonor ItnprovuaneV.;: . i,.**observa-is necessarily deep in all the political controversies ofthe day, and his vast official influence asd patronageare felt throughout church and State. The Chief Jus.ticeofEnglandisusuallyamemberoftbeHouseofLords, sometimes a member of the Cabinet. As a neces- practice which, ta addUon to its ittegnlity andbatatas to put any usut to frwa dtannsrfT at to proscribe any expression of tbe pSjtTfti*iXOJta>capture of oar shins and the oonftaoation of their cargoes, had subjected the United States to the indignity sftakineoff, and west end of gable wall thrown down. The resi- dence of George W. Turner was completely unroofed, aad manyofhisfinestfruittreeslestroved.PartsofPierce's old woollen mill and his stable were carried away.J. f. Harrison's bars, well out in the countrv, south- east from town, was demolished. Fencing and*timberare apt to assert the ssssrtansy of th- :• vev those of sit others, t» sap nis to me t4 ttawsssos tbocosrtltatnss sjat taste of foreign, «*>arted bv direct personal aOwataas to those cahod to ' &naa»tertbsw, are nearly ssmacb out of place on tbo« t of Mu legislative ss jf tbo esseutive branch of a i biBWsssTwi (ta the part of the tatter tbey would M re- i-meedaaan Intolerable Insult, theycanoot be ' '^wsmuflhssliion the part of the former If' totals ptsottoo tt fateof tneinert or roe legwaunros or frtandly1 • •*•)• |awl s pMttaawbtaif asifoji at labi which neceesarity occur betweoatouchtorteBtaissBonssof AaiBrwawosastxaoUTia*a*l hppar Uus sary consequence, on all questions of a political nature,Neptune. Boston American, " National, " Bovlstoa, M PrfAcott, "*•? *** 4M tfi tMtji.••*...•••...•.«»»•.•••«»••».. *-^ S*It cannot be lbs parent country; it cannot be ta that of Csawtaoss where Burke uttered those goides My bold of the colonies is in the close affectionfrom similar privileges and equal protection."be ta that BOOM of Peers where Chatham, conscious that the celestes were tshsing tbe battle not only ef Ameri- c a s but of Kn<Itah Bbert), exclaimed, " I rejoice that auawstoa has rewtoted." It must be ta Venice, it must bo in Naptot, or wherever etoe oa the face of the earth libe- ral prtactatat are scosVd at, asd constitutional freedom is known to txtot only at her crushed sad mangled form to sees to tatteb and quiver seder tbe dark pall of arbitrary sower. Before admitting the truth ot such a suppoiit,on, la Msctr so paradoxical, in its moral aepects so mournful, in its natuni influence OB tbe progress of liberal ideases by Wstbtac^on^aad bit atspctoKt oa an unbalanced democracy ta the general government" have never, at to alleged, '•been swept away "--not one of them Tbe great cotirtitutional check «f tail kind, as far a}tbe generalKM*, aad beraiiaalbwyaewAtoBaarfaw^totv It gave utthe confederation snd titeSaasMtaUoh. .VIIaVSw^oMirttwstrides of progress It has crossed the AXh^taalei. him to guide them to warmer wateat aad aa the Ohio, the Mississippi, asd ibe Missouri; hss-stretchedtta Irving arms almost from ths Arctic circle to the t pid'waters of tbe Gulf; baa belted the coattaeat wdtbrittag•odiaso*T aSinf,tatu»for»fcw»uaeats lookal rawjtawsj o r THE trvrrss STATUS.IhoU.oe frtendry embassage to tbe western shares of thei world dividing ocean. Meaattote.tbe fsltaat Freachatea -a^^D* wWaabw oaWf^Bmmwj- aw»r ^a^aaatti * a ^ a a a * ^w-~*arw^ w^^^^^^w7m trot objsot ta the order of events, after the dis- covery Of America, was, of course, its settlement by civ- ilised man. It was not an easy task—a mighty ocean separatee, tbe continent from the elder world—a savage wilderness covered most of tbe wintry—its barbarousfair toad. Would that they could have carried tilth tbe world, be wished btot a tawptoabtosa4ba|>f)a/awa-dMat-ass. y*f mof AliannjettmvxthmaaT wetWfijs;UJ^Aattaiphono- •nr/,;* 3 iis^Mstan. the shelves o^atorawaw^lbrta, Virgil, Dante, Camera*. -1wWsbwaltwjB^. t i t we « V U | tJaaw* g tawvas M|t>.. wasBp TAWW ••••> mightygeslutt*stemtobosxcepUobt Intbehistcr?of the human mind. Favorable clirctmstaneet d >not pro.ta prevent their appearance. Homer rote la the of Crecian culture, Virgil aoitrtahsd ta the court of •M^priataV Daste ushered ia tbe birth of the new Euro- peas ctvfltaattao, Otparatoat was roared ta a Polish trained ta thegreen roomof thethe court is open to the tame suspTeion of partisanship as in the United States, and for a much stronger reason, in- asmuch as our judges can, never be members of the Cabi-It cannotis thellmitat ate*, and the orsanimtioa oi tbogranted teof thebeyond the frigid circle—make them t-spfste, deterai« ed, pereerverta*, faithful to tbe enl.aad'lf esSa£_Uy,*tck- nest or death overtake any or all of tbem. graat that j they may fret the presence and nape of Ibe Gospel, closed with s fervent appeal that they rhteht be braback In Bis own good time to their country, thetr kindred j am* Brawn*.s nation, the lortunes of individuals, for good or for evil, order and beauty of communities which nave been matur mischief here; that some bad men are raised to office and same manner, it could not. escape war for a single year.are bat as dust in the balance, compared with the growth tag for centuries. We must remember, too, that all and prosperity or the decline and fall of that greatest these blemishes of an.Infant settlement, the inseparableof human personalities, a Commonwealth. It is, there- accompaMments of that stage of progress and phase of fore, a more momentous inquiry, whether the great de- society aad life, have their counterpart at the other end ofsign of Providence, with reference to our beloved coun- tbe scale, iu the festering iniquities of targe cities, thetry, of which we trace the indications iu the recent dis- gigantic frauds of speculation and trade, the wh >!esale covery of the continent, Die manner of its settlement by corruptions, in a word, of older societies. When I reliedsome good men excluded from it; that public virtue here We ourselves have been repeatedly on the verge of aat elsewhere sometimes break) down under the lust of quarrel with tbe United States With no divergence ofptace or of gold; tha'. unwise laws are sometimes passed interest, but the strongest possible interest on both sides bv our legislatures, and unpopular Haws sometimes vio- to maintain the closest friendship, we nave more thanlated by the mob; in short that tbe frailties sad vices of once been on the eve of a quarrel; and that great calamity men and of governments are displayed in republics ai has only been avoided because the government of thisthey are in monarchies, in the new world at ta the old; country has bad the good sense to treat the government whether to a greater, equal, or less derrse, time must of the United States much as we should treat spoiledShow. The question may as pertinently be sskel of na- children, and though the right was clearly on our side, tions as oT individuals, " Why beholdest thou the mote has yielded to the unreasonable pretensions of the Unitedof the household. One littl sgirl a as earrie 1a distance of forty feet, on s feather bed; and laid uoon the trunk of s prostrate tree. She gathered herself up and heroically made her way to the college through the beating rain, and brought a dozen or more persons to the rescue. Three children were found fastened under a <ectioa of the siding of the house, the grandparents were found cooped up ia a section of the framework of the building, and though everything around them, even to their bedstead, was de- molished, they were uninjured. Mrs. Gwynn and an in- fant child were found In another part of the ruin, covered with a portion of a partition watt, the mother not seri- ously injured, though stunned and frightened, the infant comfortably nestling in bedding, all unconscious Of the aesolating wreck strewed around.Portions of the roof and siding of this house were ear- ned full hah*a mile through the forest to the eastward. This was the most complete wreck hi this city, and the escape of the inmates was even miraculousOn tbe opposite side of the creek a roof was taken off the targe smokehouse of Leuty & Grant, thence onward to the southeast a wilderness of trees was prostrated, among them hickories and oaks two feet In thickness. which show in the debris the twisting power or force of the tornado.A stable on the premises occupied by James McCoy was turned, bottom upwards, and other outhouses in that neighborhood, belonging to Leidy b Co., or Prof. Gei- ger, were demolished aad scattered.In Buck Creek bottom scarce a tree escaped between Centre and Spring streets.ship down our beautiful bay was attended with im- portance: tbe departure of this vessel an such a am •ion Inspired a reeling of tffiuswat tot*rest. They would leave wans hearts behind abetn. the recol.ee- tton or whom, when they were encased tot tbe toy region* of tbe North woald still cheer them. They were to carry tbe American flag where no flag has ever before Coated In conclusion, he wished Dr. Hayes aad bto eompaai'we health, and a happy return to reselve the laurels which be knew tbey would merit.Presidenr F x i w s , of Harvard College, mat tbe asmspeaker. It gave tarn tbe highest phwisnre to beon so interesting an occasion, and to say In behaifot ta* University Of Cambridge, that they carried with thea tta earnest withes of all connected with toe College as tm successor the expedition. Tbey carried with thcoa ito hearty and genera] wteb of tbe hundreds of young men b the University,aad ta behalf of them be wished Dr. Baym a pre—«rous expedition. When ta tbe regions of tatct- ribbed toe Br. Hayes would remember that be had tat good wishes not only of tbe United States, but of Harvarfxthe civilised races of the earth, the col iniaTstruggles, the estslilsil—not of independence, the formation of a con- stitutional republican govemmeni, and its administration in peace andfu ar for seventy years—1 say it is a far more important Inquiry whether this great design of Providence is in a course of steady asd progressive fulfilment— marked only by the liuctuatious ever vi£ibl«|in the march of human affiurs, and authorizing a well grounded hope of further developement, in harmony With these auspicious beginnings or whether there is reason, on the other basd to, fear that our short lived prosperity Is already (as misgivings at home and disparacement abroad have eomettmes whispered'* cm the wane—that we have reach- ed, that we have passed tbe meridian—and have now to took forward to as evening of degeneracy, and the closing in of a rayless and hopeless night of political decline.1KB DS8.1TB O THE HOC** OP LORDS.Tow are justly shocked, fMlow citizens, at the barethat the day we celebrate found us a feeble strip of thirteen colonies along the coast, averaging at most a little more than one hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants each, and that this, its eighty fourth return, sees as grown to thirty- thr-e States, scattered through the interior and pushed to the Pacific, averaging nearly a million of Inhabitants, each a well compacted representative republic, securing to its citizens a larger amount of the substantial blessings of life than are enjoyed by equal numbers of people in the oldest and most prosperous States of Europe, I am lost iu wonder; and, as a sufficient answer to the charge of degeneracy, I am tempted to exclaim, "Look around you."ARTS ASD SOXXCra IX AXKKJCa.But merely to fill up tbe wilderness with a population pro-vided with the ordinary institutions, and carrying on the customary pursuits of civilized life—though surety no mean achtavment—was by no mesas the whole of the work allotted to the United States, and thus far performed withthat is in thy brother's eye. and considerest not the beam that is in thine own ever"APXtSISTRATIOS 0* JV$TIC*.An honest and impartial administration ofjustice is theStates. There is danger that this may be putlied too far, and that a question may arise on which our honor and our interests will make concession on our part impossi- ble."mr mmm ^ W*m mrmm m m*w^ ^w^ssywwtP'ijnw^wjpTrw^ w*** • .TT^ST• lWv4SV ^^^••Dw>swwos»**ns*wa j^s vThs severity byatVwosa'ug towards each other wtth - tel and of danger, ptenetufrican people. I shell ta a moment select fortwo or three Of tbe most serious of these charges, observ-thorns anu thirties oi lawlessness, venality. fraud aadlarge bodies of men, of whom better things might bare their powerful neighbors, joined with tbeir sister repub- Or. tefltavpw introduced Rev. Br. Lnthrsp. whssnVrej _ hera expected, may sometimes become so infected, iicsIntheaugustDeelaratwufor themselvesanIfor the afrrveniaadimpresrrrr prayer,tots1ringtbelawsI.• m whan the mania of speculation is epidemic, that rapidly multiplying farailv of States wbieh they beheld ta ef God apaa tbe vessel, her comraiiaair and crew, aadofCnngrets; theStates has unlocked the goides treasures of the SierraMadre* and flung out tbe banners of the repobito to thecento?'brew* of the peaceful tea. Not confined to thecontinent, tbe so ser of tbe Union has conveyed osr commere* over tta broadest oceans to the farthsres* totes.has opened tbe gates of the Morning to our frtendly ia-teroourse, aad-sight ante a before ta human tjioteey-.- g~^wBawaawsaTM .wmtws^-^^ntietaatvis *vw« *ss^ q slightest change ever bees made. prevaK ut p liny since 1M» has reservOd r%hta of thf States, addhas, f-om that legendary Clpaogo. the original object ofany <subject has thebad 1onlyto,butthe in favor of the (oassaueut dero- government. Jn•'Pnrliameut.whose previous conduct in connection withrailway legislation was SO open to reprehension, inter-posed Sp check, attempte t a s remedy. On «h» pontrary,It helped to intensify the evil arising from this unseemlystate of things. Many of Its m-mberS were theuwivesj who towjStlbs bblUe of lioerty oa this contihea* i^derteklng than hinueb*. Bat lutascame of thasesvshumeri- provlhe sate that be q-iestedosbebhlfof toe ladies aad tentteaaea areata* ta ! give bla thetr best wtol-a for bto safety anVJ sweeeai hiIrNo one is an impartial judge ta his own case. If we should meet these rather indiscreet suggestions In tbe on- are, that owing to tbe all pervading corruption of the ly way ta which a char.ee without specifications can be met—by a denial as broad aa the assertion—the matter would be left precisely as it Stood before; that is, each party in its national controversies thinks itself right and its opponent wrong, which is not an uncommon case to human affairs, public and private. This at least may be added, without fear of contradiction, that the United States, in tbeir intercourse with foreign govern- ments, have abstained from all interference in European Sires and passions of the hour to be checked by a firm ad politics, and have confined themselves to the protection of their own rights and interests. As far as concerns theo- retical doctrines oa the subjects usually controverted be- tween governments, a distinguished English magistrate aad civilian pronounces the authority of the United States "to be always great upon all qussUohs of International law." (K. l'hillimore's International Law, vol. HI., p. 252 ) Many of Ibe questions which have arisen between this country and England have been such as most keenly touchcorner stone of the social system. The most serious charges brought against us, on the occasion alluded to,country, the judges of the Supreme]Court Of the Uuited States, who once commanded the public respect at home and abroad, are now appointed for party purposes, and that some of their decisions have excited tbe disgust of all high minded men; that the judges of most of the State courts bold their offices by election, some by annual elec- tion ; that thf undisputed dominion of the numerical ma- jority, which has been established, Will not allow the de-Prof. Aotesrz was next introduced.times navigation had been the measure ore:vihntli r, to early times aMibustors covered tbe aes. In subsequent years commerce was conducted for hope of advaeu—, bat now for tbe first time a vessel left tbe FuM-d tttelea with no other object in view than to contribute to tbe cause tf science This was something to be proud of, when capi- talists came forward fo du>patch a vessel apon a purtto scientific expedition.isfcurclyao tribunal in the world J which, like the Su- preme Court of the United States, has! since the foundation of the government, not only efficiently performed the or- dinary functions of a tribunal of the last resort, but which sits in judgment on the courts and legislatures of sovereign States, on acta of Congress itself, and pronounces the lawhave been the subject; and I will now only briefly allude u> by far the most Important chapter in our diplomatic history. It will show, by a very striking example, whether, in her intercourse with foreign nations, Ameri- ca has been in the habit of assuming an unscrupulous aad overbearing tone, or whether she has been the victim OfLorde, Alitoollbateantb?of "of the English language were desolating aid unpunished party •ofwngtasv,andwhenthecapt-* * . * * Safj ways at the mercy was concentratedi. The jurtopre- Court of Admiralty aim who had told tbe frawt " ^^St, desp Into that of princely fortune by fees accruing taher wholei'JtUi^ UtjCx* i "~* "»atlv Boyal.'^a»Aav»fci», •,,.-*-**e>. tUiomlii!"* «ut_al.Provldemcs»£ Jto *tof1;s r**[>•* ** 4**•? * * *•* *•* * * J-** »•» **! «•* *£*>lit the England. HerbtttoflawMoA V tuiatton and a o t e t s ,donee of tollM f- even serious Pwrsmutils^ofievi as-,%*»_,tbe pro- end affection. Bat Hilton was formed wbtto ibe etomeata of if, begmning at a period enseal with the settle-towards groai tbe profii- beforsaa*the recent resignation of John A. Kennedy, the office of People's,Saperintondent of Castle Garden has been vacant. though Cotitine&tal, 0 * * to tbo doss of the tost centuryAt will, ta scarce any grcwtjfrd[Chaimellor-tben Lord CUefj£ifce * E a t its duties have been temporarily discharged by Captaifl Fulton," •• *•,esttan ta America wttH r i mmeat of America, we M down the iltoe of the Chancel tors and Chief Justices, from Lord Rlcoa aad Sir Edwardlwblic tow, K is sow tbsalmost universal admission of thethe Usilmooy of ages A thousand year**, and a reydu.C 7 tasiaie w repair the ruined fortunes, or to heal theJraken hearts ofjbjsuflurers; they will not recallts Hfettas ta alsawst ovary century, have bean >*/.>.»*>..- a^Lrf!i.« iB^»awvXncr«topi*i;£E*U r?,t ^£7fy w l U l w n *n tt te nowtaUutatedtttot £$_& *th*e• *w_h_ol*e »*teatlon of a smart, energetic andbuild u tbe^nstituttanar tahrTof ESawever.are —envy, howeyer, are so u.nacrous aad miscellaneous as to.tti^T*to Its present proportions tbd tarencth Lether sot stay the usfrieitdrs cJtZfmT^if m^ZlUiinfal man. They are to see that the emigrant-' are pro- taw,no* as reasoning men but as spoiled cbildrenTnot ^2?LlI$*.,*L**!"Y,*k'to B>-J» 8»«> that their baggagetoo late to suggest the possibility to candid minds that l - I S - * ^ * *!**• tt»»taaw-;» to open the lelterTsent the next generation may do us tbe like justwe with refe- to the Commissioners of Emigration which contain mo-saw j^#*'lPM.WJl»WBBB^^J4.fl^p^^ii!B}^<ri1 W HERALD, SpptDAJ, JPLY T, K ^ T O ^ rca." I will only•_Judges of war federal' aad IbsH csaito'ellbtasll salaries, short terms of offioe, aad theetoctive toaare may sometimes have catted taeempetent men to tbe esneh-u to net within my isoritocttan that a single Individual bat *- lea sawptBttt even of peoaatary corruptros JItoEBStSTIVI COSSVTTIOS.Nest ta importance to the integrity of the; courts, ta %country, which I bats taperfecUy sketched, asd espec tal- which hat infected tbe legit atiou both of Congress and of independence of tbe United Statee. North and Sowtb, der a Urge shed oa tor wharf Direction was gives sly itt astonhhtag growth, during tbe present century, ta the States, aad as showing "the state of things which has gTHttaad smafl, awawachueetts aad Virginia, the oldest the proceed isgs by Dr. Jacob Btjrtow, who tate that bthe rK-hesi products malarial sad talelledual af a rapidly arisen in that country." It was a very discreditable oc- and thee the tersest. New Y*rk awl Pennsylvania, ua» bad been requested to tire the parting grasp sf head. •t*>* Harr, Assise KspwaUtts (Prom the towtoa JeomaT, July 11 sstoo of osep tatsrrsl to tbe friend.of discovery transpires af Cray's wharf t h i i l a W Sarrtows were bate te Wtwmi in irate tttadrtartZ o f t h s tottto Twawa gwrtag Oat, ef the Arrtfc Irrpsdfctm^ Dr. f. I Bay** , ^ " T ^ - « A targe —mtjee of sjtt^awsna, iacrsn'.ag several of %as ta the mercantile profwartaa. aad many ta>!;«»,<%"•! Th» -start, sattll bat staunch and trtos.wtea by her at i n sii es to defy tbe perils which a b - , toraesaatu, was tying in the dark, naartrre«4, tag only at pretest that ths prosperous coodition of the is quoted by Lord Grey as a specimen of the corruption either with mere tbaa etaettre aate.it>, and dwtoeedtbs for sea. Owtag as ths rem. the exercises teek pawjTmal expeodttore for eu.from snob a stock, and trained OS failed to work osta satisfac-the last otxtv rears /for that is tatadtstisct allega- Irom the Increase of outs- ail the soetal forces of or evil, been la higher actios .there bat boos such market degeneracy fit to be held nr>, not as a tsodel to be mmas an example to be shunned, sot for the credH but for the discredit of popular institutions, thenindeed the case most be admilled to be a strange pheno swtaoa ta hpatan attain, disgraceful. It to true, in tbo highest degree to at, not reflecting credit on the racewhtab we are descended, nor holding out enoourage- anywhere for tbe adoption of liberal principles ofthethought,thatAmericanshave degenerateI, taw. 1* tbe outset let it be obs*rved then, that principle, prudeMe and common stose break down propheticvision Thtafreatcharteroflasepondencewas osratbeavbl*enierp-beuponwhichsuewastosetteeth thefurtherreflectionthatIsitthesonsofEnglishmenwho Iks assumed and assigned cause of the reproach- in ttta eagerness to clutch at sulden wealth. Ina thelifeOftbertrroluttea tbetwsrdofattack,the»aao# t*>thankedthealmightythatMisnrvaatwaspmsittei reMlMM;MrfofIfeetMtrMiMiMftGWaiiytd havedegeneratedmustchastentbesentiment.IftherefulanddeplorablestateofthingsallegedtoexistintbebubbleseasontbeordinaryrulesofmoralityIjse*theirplyofoefeace.Undertbeconsummateguidanceoftoreturntotbebetasofdiaeawsrf,asmasks. taw I* tabs • sart la faabtat i W n « lb-F.*trta to any country orany ptace where this supposed state or United States to as imaginary as the effects aro exaggerat- controlling power for a while, under tbe temotattoa of Washington, It eustalue* ear fathers under defeat, and that he might retera to as and declare new things eta be readily behoved to exist, surely ed or wholly unfouadod in fact. The ' checks establish- tbe day. "the main current of private morality in Bug-: cuided them to victory- ft gave us the alliance with rereUttioas of the wrnders of tbe aaiversathe national susceptibilities That in discussing thesethe porkhouse, David Shaffer's ofitoe and stable, and theconveyed kindly wishes on the part of the State, tht city, and Harvard College. Prof. Agassis had spokes for the men of science not only ef tbto city and coat , try, bat of all the world. These were tbe freiug-* tf 1 ail present, which tbey would be glad to echo if tiam | permitted. He would, however, express to Dr. Hayet, a tbe part of tbe country and tbe world, the deep m crest wbirh was felt for bis success He could not be icieusi- ^ ble to the danger attending tbe undertaking. Bet they .f w f d" bal at f** hound m ha# ewea beeh —t. PJawaWwss tbOSt St attrt*well governed State, to the honesty of the L-g stature.A remarkable Instance of wholesale c irruption, in <w of;the asw States of the West, consisting of the alleged;bribery of a considerable number of tbe members of the with wise an t patriotic foresight into the deaths *X legislature, by a corrupt distribution of rswrcad boata, \ ages yet to rasas, tod by; a, dftaw, counsel, they rtwa***-land probably flowed as deep and strong as ever, both before and after the South Sea frauds, whe -. Cabinet min- isters and court ladies and some of the hlghers person agei in the realm ran mad after dishonest gains, and this in England's Augustan age. Lord Granville, in reply, ob- served that the "early legislation of England, ta such matters, was not so free from reproach as t i jupfy us in attributing the bribery hi America solely t o t * letno* critic character of the government» and the biographer >f Oeorgs Stephenson furnishes facta which abundantly ure, confirm the truth of t h a r e m * * , Aftar^despribtaj theextravagautlength to whten railway speculation wascar- rlvd in that country in 1844-184*, Mr Smiles proceeds.-i the conservativo state-, sen of tbslt country stlgma-S ttauasreas even the vulgar berdcOf money grabbers.w>Ca8"arevoiutkn,'' it was arfmined that the I mted The railway prospectuses now issued, unlikeine Liverpool Stslrs[sasUtstof ta their written constitution aha ta the and Manchester and London and Birmingham schemes,difflCuHy of procuring ameidments to it, a ooutervative were beaded *y peers, baronets, landed pVooristorssnd principle viuknoen to the English gov e rnment Ia truta, strings of M. P's. Thus it was found In iUA that notif by "an ui>balaneed democracy" to meant such a go fewer than one hundred and fifty seven members of Par-! itsue of tbe Amerlcaa atniggle. The first appeal of revo- K_gtand,aad at the same time expressed the relief thatveiI• ment as that of Athens, or republ lean Borne, or the 1 lament were on the list of new companies as subscri- lutionary Greece, aa appeal not made in vain, was for to Americas enterprise and dartaff will befoaf theItalian republics, or the English Commonwealth, or revo- bers lor sums ranging from two hundred and ninety one American sympathy aid aid. The golden viceroyalttat honor of achieving the highest glory ia the yet anrx-lutionary Franco, there not only nenr wa% but never thousand pounds sterling (not far from a million and a: of Spain on thit continent asserted tbeir independence in plored regions of the Kortb. He said be could estcan be such a thing in the Usited Statjes. The very fact half of dollars) downwards. Tbe proprietors of new imitation of our example, though sadly deficient in pre- speak at Le wished he could of the expedition* ef Ik>.that the great mass of the population is broken up into lines even came to boast of thetr parliamentary strength, vious training in tbe school of regulated liberty; and Kane, of bis discoveries, of his heroic forWisse,separate States, now thirty-hrec in number and rapidly and the number of votes they could command in now, at length, the fair ••N'tobe or Nations," accepting a and the trials whtoh he eacoantorsd. The new expediuesmultiplying, each with its local interest and centre of tbe Bouse. The Influence which land owners constitutional monarchy as an itstalmeht of tbe long de bad filled tbe hearts of the country with high expecta-c<K.ldbew^tator|retlb«frsllhft of tbeir frmot. when toe Reform bill was agit ta aWlind, and involved ta the mania, and as much interested ta Its con carried ba k tbe generous contagion to thetr owe sent, aad of the friends of SCtaace aad. Stoeovrrypaaevargeneral gation of tbo powers of the genettions for eligibility and tbe exercise of the elective fran- way boards, sometimes selling to themselves their ownchise have been abrogated, but not with any perceptible land, at their own price, and paying themselves with theeffect on the number or character of the voters. The money ol the unfortunate stockholfler*. Others used thesystem, varying a tittle in the difteijent States, always railway mania as a convenient, and to themselves im •: men. The great Declaration, with its life giving princi-made a near approach to universal suffrage; and the great pensive, mode of purchasing constituencies. It was ples, has within that interval, been exerting its InCjence,The voter may bo ono or ten, or onel of fifty of the cltisens, but on stich questions he will vk>te in conformitywith the will and wish of the mass. If he resists it, tbegovernment itself, like that of France in 1848, will godown. Agitation and popular commotion scoff at checksand balances, and an much in England at tn America.When Nottinghim castle is in ruins, and half Bristola heap of ashen, monarch* and ministers must bend.The BeforBi bill must then pass "throswh Parlia-ment, or over it," in the significant words of Lord Macau-lay; and that, whether the constttiiincies are great orSmall. Thnt a restricted suffrage and a limited constitu they took place at the metropolis of the oldest monarchywhich has been prepared for her perilous service by year executive commlftee with a seal and intotltreace that be- speaks the high appreciation of tbe cause which eagtgss our attention, is about to carry me upon a voyage toward which my hopes aad efforts during tbe last three years have been constantly directed. She is your gift What- ever of good or evil fortune may befall me, she is to at my rjompaaion and support. While a timber af her lasts it most be for a witness of your coal deuce and generous aid. I can prom.* you as- thing but my steadfast aad earnest endeavor. Iforth from Independence Hall in Philadelphia; that lesson I should fail to reach tbe North Pole. 1 shall sacstrongly suspected that honorable members adopted whtttary Influence, many utterly ruinous branches and extens circled the globe. Nor let us fear that its tome Is exhaust sions) projected during the mania, calculated only to ed, for its principles are as broad as humanity, as eternalbene lit the inhabitants of a few miserable old boroughs, as truth. And if the visions of patriotic seers are des-the memorable session Stephenson, p. 371.)of 1844-45."—(Smiles'l i f eofcivilization, who had rather rushed together than grown: cheerful light of constitutional freedom, that light will goup to the moral traditions of an ancient community; butin Europe, the centre of tb> civilised world, where public sentiment is propped by the authority of ages—heart of old English oak encased with the life circlet of a thousand years. I was in London at the height of the mania; I saw the Railway King, as he was called, at the zenith of his power; a member of I'nrliament, through which he walked quietly, it was said, >wlth some sixteen railway bills under Ins arm;" almost a fourth estate of the realm; his receptions crowded like those of a royal prince; and I saw tbe gilded bubble burst. But I did not write home to my government that this marvellous "rate of things'' showed the corruption which springs from hereditary in- stitutions, nor did I hint tr at an extension of the right of suffrage and a moderate infusion of tbe democratic prin- ciple was the only remedy. jtof constitutional freedom they will learn frcm this day \» Declaration. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _Another Destructive T ornado lis Ohio.cumb only where men of world renowned darLag-aas pre d oee aad perseverance have already failed. If throagb f- .me special advantages which attend my ezpeauua a shah be my happy tot to complete tbe obssrwatieas a which we aim, tbe best that I camdo wis be as aavtorb LvrERcorRsx wrra voamest jriness.I have time for a few words only on the" unscrupulous and overbearing tone" which Is said by Lord Grey to " mark our Intercourse with foreign nations "' " If anyhouse, a frame, stoodI oa the east Bide of Buck Greek, justwest C Wttteabnrg College, situated on a high point ofrocks. Within were eight persons—the father and motherof Mr. Gwynn, his wife and children. The house wasthrown from its foundations, and dashed dowa tbe roefcydeclivity to the southeast ward, utterly deandish tag every to endorse all that bad been. said.. The sailing of any thing; yet strange to say, seriously injuring no memberquestions, at home and abroad, no despatch hts been residence of K. McLennan; and gable peaks of solid brickwritten, no word uttered in a warmer tone than might be work thrown down; fragments of roofing, in ooctioaswished, is not to be expected, and is as little likely to were carried with violence against tbe buildings on the have happened on one side of the water as the other. east side of Limestone street, doing more or less damage-those qualities on the part of others. After the short sons, was unroofed, and ruins scattered within and with-lived peace of Amiens, a new war, of truly Titanic pro out, but none of the inmate* injured. Three sUbhs, si portions, broke out between Prance and England. In the tuatcd on the rocks, owned by Mrs. Torbert and others,no such protection under any other] government, againstunconstitutional legislation, if, indeed, any legislation canbe called unconstitutional, where Parliament,alike in theo- 'progress of this tremendous struggle, and for the purpose were utterly domoliaoed and the debris scattered Into thepulpit commands as high a degree of respect inthe United States, as in those countries where thechurch is publicly endowed; while the American mis-sionary operations have won the admiration of thecivilized world. Nowhere, I am persuaded, arethere more liberal contributions to public spiritedand charitable objects. In a word, there is no branch'of the mechanical or fine arts, no department of science,exact or applied—no form of polite literature—no description of social improvement—In which, due allowance be-ing made for the mi an" and resources at command, theprogress of the United States has not been satisfactory,and interne respects astonishing. At this moment therivers and -•«•'«*• °f the globe are navigated with that mar-vellous application of steam as a propelling power which poUtice, In seventy-one years since the adoption of the at Courts of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty all round the whole structure so damaged that it will near the referee* have made the foliowing award, amo-sur J was first effected by Pulton; the monster steamship which federal constitution, there have icen but four Chief Jus- globe, there can be no estimate. But peace returned toof mutual destruction, a succession of Imperial decrees quarries and creek below. Two or three frame house* onThe vessel will not probably tail uatii to morroa, owsg to unaccountable delays.ry and practice, is omnipotent. With respect to tbe parti-san character of our courts, inferred from l i e manner inwbichthe judges arc appointed, the judges of the UnitedStates courts, which are the tribunals specifically reflected on, are appointed In the same manner and hold theiroffices by the same tenure as the English judges of thecourts of common law. They are appointed for life, bythe executive power, no doubt from i the dominant party rights of neutrals were crushed. Under these orders and buwlingB demolished between Columbia and Main of the day, and this equally in both countries. The presid- decree! it is estimated that one hundred millions of Ameing magistrate of the other branch of English Jurisprudence, rican property were swept from the ocean; of the losses the Lord Chancellor, is displaced with every change ta and sufferings of our cittaens, in weary detention for yearsstreet*. Two chimneys on the residence of E.M. Doty, Esq.. were nicely laid over on the roof. The nn>f of the EsfiUm school buildinf was demwlished, and theTnrAWA—. nt ess Caaa os turnPnrBKRroa- Maito- srsjvxcs.—-la tbe ossa of tbe Inmiseiiin nthe I-nnbert-a Mill which fed tast winter. aad the name of wh.ch. * ta the property remaining. wa> ta part destroyed b) 3r*, jI, tows asd adimuisuamms of frtaodty States,Iespecially on tbe part of British and Aamorkiti sit Iis in which the first successful experiment lu steam navi- bench. Is thirty-three years there have been nine ap- the original sufferers had sunk, many of them sorrowly be a total loss. The fiat, tin roof of Union Ball, on Market street, was torn off and the whole building seriously damaged. The tin roof was also taken off Fuuk's new building, corner of Centre and Main streets, and laid down In the street below. The main building of the residence of Marslifleld Steele wasto 2 2 ^ per cent of the total tawuranee:—The suid Pemberton htaanaeiuring Company, to re-lcover of the said insurance oomimsi^. proved it tbtl a—eement of reference tbe sum of $03,375. ta f;i» of all loss and damage by fire, to tbe property insured by sstai companies, and we do apportion the said amount aa said companies, as hereinafter set forth, and deur&;ae and avowed, that such insurance company •ball pay tatj said Pemberton Manufectaring Company/en deau-^-l tatj •everal same set again&t their names rcapscti v c y . thaito say:—Boston Manuf. M F. Int. Company, Brston.... p?.tjhas just reached our shores rides at anchor in the waters tices of the United States, and the fourth to still on the the world, time wore away, asd alter one generation ofates Is thetr comments us the systems of their two coun- gation was made. The harvests of the civilised world pointments of a Lord Chancellor, on { as many changes of stricken amIrataed, into. the grave, the government oftries, between which there is more intimate connection arc gathered by American reapers; tbe newspapers which administration, and seven different individuals have 1sympathy than between any two t'-«vna toad the journalism of Europe are printed on American hlkd the office, of whom five ore living- Al a member ofpresses; there are railroads ta Europe constructed by the Cabinet and Speaker of the House of Lord*, heIrasatsay that, as a matter of tajIbST*. ,«*uo> i spocinc erraignewdhts of a tortile-realty Ibetter oe left to the pu»Uc areas. ibLoutKing Louis Philippe, ta France, acknowledged the wrongof the imperial regime by a late and ptrtial measure oim-UemnmcatiooJby the treaty negotiated with great skill mostly unroofed. The old warehouse of the S. M. and P.and orders in council were issued by the two Powers, by the east end of Columbia street were started from their which all neutral commerce was annihilated. EiCh foundations and avws or less injured. Must of the roofing of the great belligerents maintained that his adver- was taken off the residence of Alex. Rainsey, near theAmong those present were Hon. George Fosw—, H t Pierrtrxuit, fisq., and Dr. George F. Woodward, mctaStfl of the New York Arctic Committee.-sary's decree was a violation e f international law publi* square, on Columbia street. Trees were uprootedeach justified his own edict on the grouod of retati-' or twisted off iu Mrs. Seibert's lot; two chimney* pro*- ation; and between these great conflicting forces the traud on the Court House, and a great number*of out-« f^ « * « - f e » » - » ) . England, in aSditkm to the R. B. Co., was badly damaged, a large section of roof tornhST?!^.' £ * ° ^ t«> the impressment sf^our own citizens, both naturalized and native, for this tatolo rabtewrcagf^hich England herself WOOM not have en dared a day from any foreign power), and for the ondr-fr4,*»»«» *y Impressmentfrom our vessels-*net or of Congress. During a considerable part of his ca- mous kisses accruing under the order* ta Council were scattered and thrown down on the farms south ofreef,Lord JtaakV'd was engaged In an embittered politt. p i WaJM» trllb tbe Earl of Chatham in Ibe Bouse ofthe United States not only never resolved no f ^ T ^ S town for many mil- s—Brains, Burnett's, Harrison's, cation, but the losses ana sufferings of * Vea^tStL Mrs. Ctorke's. Johnson's, Otstott's, LeSel's. Psrriu'g andyesmthdaluilfdumionwereMperaaded. «^M»I*9 others. TheheTvyr roofing of houses, ba,rIncreased tbo a nrefaextatcoa oC5i?*J?fi!iTu^^trail and though the eminent civilian n r W a i i S i , The UszJtMati^Cltv -*»•>havetaller,sincetheun aamt,'. '"£<*«***»••to****-n^ vostOtkla, k«thaD*SOJ0wa•«tatW•t '.».Ut :as-text writers that such was the case. As lately as 1847 thegeneration, be found free from the record of personal, of-flcial and political infirmity, from which w mfrieadlycensoi'might have drawn inferences hostile to the integ- Cmmcll Napoleon bad as righto e o m ^ t a ^ t o t t b i r missioners of Emigration. Captain Cra.stree to the Vice rity of toe tribunals of England, if not to the soundnessof her public sentiment. But he would have erred Thecharacter of gsvsrnmenttandof uattoas mast be gather-« '•land—used this remarkable language:-"Of those order«TnCrabtret and one of the officials employed by the Com-ouTZ«^i^&ITi ^7f*XW **l a w * TM>iiom,and toPresident of tbe Emigration Board, aad one who to well informed, by practice aad experience, of all the matters onacted « the emigrant landing depot, and tbe routine oft..••••thbe thcotustatnds,w,ihoBfetlel on hard-fonght fields ta defence ofbusiness occurring there. _——_—_—-"—->—-.•».The duties of the super intend . - s m u t m w meKipcnnwiiJ*Militate o / o a r IU«I. HU-3L FH*"! r 8 M M the United States stand at the august bar of^pabfte 5_*,y S j * " ^ t o i ^ destination at tbe lowest ratesNr—taw os Looomortva rs«D BT Twstvs R*1''***? CosrAsani.—Tbe foUowtag table, compiled from i*- »—• returns, shows tbe number of engines ta use by tseivt» tbe prominent roads of the countryfbtatr? - ^ I T a V ^ . f | ! ! l L W08*"**** Stateirahl a r i h ^ t l T ^ a a ^ ^ " " ^ ^»•%*«awaaslwwnmU)fJ•aVtUHafW -MOlls)MTItaaiL.thftnrs.* * " * * a w l t J f e r ^ a S y J & ^wWerbTreUed cosvicuon of state offences, asd can only berence to more recent controversies. [Lord Campbell's ney for tbe forwarding of emigrants to the interior of the ..vetoftheChancellors,vol.vli.,p.fl*g^, £££°°*?w7JtomethatordertomaintainedatalltimesInBaltimoreandOhio.lSees••<•••«•••tats of party strength;' while of the to-SLlliterature, tie tame venerable asttas tbe vigor of youth m the expert- aednCbortty of four score yeans, remarks, with a tmstor set vsrj ttair"** •? tbe fj« lei *stas, that dowaM. «... rBMtmouau».Thnt, fellow citlaent, I have endeavored: without glorying, W |tb r<speet to Ownetves, or bitterness to ?U>ers,bm inaspiritofoaadoraad patriotism, to r«oelbent the Commissioners of Emigration appointed a com mittee to consider the subject of appointing a successor, but strange to my, though several weeks have sin. elaps- ed, that vommttte has presented no report. Their report, however, to expected to corns up at the next meeting ofMichSpan Southernci.i:*.«««•*w t b whto*. ta the seMsame tastrav „ tadcfWWaVeoce was iuaqjerated. and theirsas awMiopotitanlies' not poritieatly . .nor kLcwa ss yet in the family of nation*.TMTM*}>fathe expedition ofOolumbas, brought their swarthy prince*one sixteen foot bcantling through the front of the Af- rican school building; other section- of the porkhouse roof, or McL 's roof, sweeping across the whole block, and demolishing solid masonry at the foot of Spriagbatwhen that tie• * »tagit tbe moderajon aad the wisdom that tempered ourRevolution. The great idea of constitutional reform ta bis euocea. When be first saw Dr. Hayet litEiigtaod, a brighter jewel m her enrwn than that si power inspired him with oot)fldeace. Covernerwhich oar fathers bereft H, to coeval with the aucc^esfui made bo&oiwbte mention of early Arctic discoveries afcisely tbe same hour. The Republic of Monday contains delj-iia, of w» ich I am a citizen. I have received awstManafarjt—<r. S « S f c T 8 , fmtmixy,Cctrv i_e» (.% 3flerb>^*'P5 <?*??*. AmsTtea), How«.»»-'THKVacurr Sr^KmrTKjroKtcT ATCasru o ARPKV -*mce Humboldt, New tw^,taaeous Writing, p. 2&3; PhiUimore's International Law Castie Garden, tad a variety of other duties of scarce- New York aad Erie. l f ^ L » ^ a S 3 S r 5 QtatmentariTtbe Taw ly tost moment. From this it will be seen that the post PennsylTania> • • • • • • # • • • • • • *>• .»«•••••••?f Nsttass, p. 330;LWUdtaan'8.Insttutos of International tloo fNew York Central..Grand TrunkPhiladelphia and Reading, coal read IlliDoto Central TV.Mtoblgan CentralPilteburgLFort Wayne and Chiuags.1tawafjtM. and Ortolan, under the aa^ofrtols tatadsTSuperintendent of Castle Garden ta one or noM £ 3 » « f aft reign Of «eorfe tie Third (A. D 1820),to. that wtthta ths tut sixty years -WaT-swsrt^.«%*» the sinister intimation that a fatal degeneracy is stealtaj the Board. It to to be hoped that a suitable person will Great WwMsra, Canadaovarthe* «h*tby»strtefi Untitled Document country, and to show that the eightyfourth an- be appointed to discharge tbe duties of tbe office, which western, Massachusetts.• • a * e •\7...rn^umaohntaUihareotkhUityMiTiiUhaQ?. total ..Lflt!„°.' PP-M3, 1 » , ateo, the Preach pubilctote: •mall importance. On the resignation of tbe tote lacumHe csmatetuted the adventurer* to ths patpaternal gmto,aoce, asd bsttediction of tbe Creator, and itaptorlthat? n f l b w T _______Ta_>iiC W---B_I saMaWra__w-tw> It/totTWmfmWB wsaMwaV Bafmi -atperous termination to bto etiU—*tar, Br bad hoses ofnot only here but ties ta New York, as wei: at ta Ph3sThe members of the expedition were then tndiv ttutaj presented to tbe dmttogutobed gentlemen presentI.i mar,North Am.Metroprditan, "Manhattan, «•New YorkF.and M Mechanics' Mutual, Worcester H*rtiordpringfield Fire and Marine Total... , .He said that at ai Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comBiVvTSsryfu^lsUieUaitcaae^ 