 dflBcalty of carry-tag oat toe taw agraiastthe Tbe IlIapraMlbUthepartofCoefraaitofacilitate1stIt St stated, furtoer, that a large appropriation wBl have to ho M i l toitaininf aadl a r k Caweit T elle. 4UiiT O-e 4 1369red for the tononaexceedbyfear the Ban or th*eo mlof Thos. B aad *amh H Johnatet, aged 4 day aThenHattrrewm*frieraa oftfc?lamUyare tovtasd to a t w d tb« ftBeral, rmm tne residence of hW father, Mo. Ste a.wert. ttrta (Wttf^^rday) morning, a* t n e'ate*KJU»K —o» shMxtay Utoemaor 3, of eeagaettee of tae brato, Pontes: A. Kaasw aged OS raneeHit rileaaa and those e'hm hrobher James aad h«ebra- toeristow.Andrew Fnuen.ar*reqnamadbentteoatan tenasal. from the reeldrnoa of hia brother. ZZiSSI«M;SCL.4.A« aaervta. Et.worr^r'so:iKI'R*Ptjrvi.AS»r*>ii>.*- .«b*n *«« PAPaa, Pisv.*saii TS.» s^asiso.MWa Ct>SASaeu«*4>k*rtum:'»«»t »„VI1UJ1 Ac,potehs to which we haw here allotted awBBf featnrei of our Internal •nin, aad opoo the whole they prevent a very no of progre— and prosperity, Let na hope that the next annual report froai Departoeot will not exnibit any amiBgrfroB the political diffijal- which BOW heeet na. hot that sectional maj ho al layed by the wandooB of and hanawj y ho watered by oonoti iefton. ao that we amy he able toto tie world at the cloee of next year as arm a governreent. a more united people- and a still Bote prosperoua and peaceful coon- try.la thai report, which we print onpage, there is oae feature npon whioh the Postmaster General congratulatot hhaiulf aad the coontry. and that m that the postal reve- ane baa taeiwaeed by over halt a million oftag aad manoiaoturwa taming their employes adrift on the world; wane the national aaip toto an inglorious aad abrupt conclusion. aad the little Napoleon, having already made asreral trips to Elba, a now packing up Ids things and marking bis trunks, "SLHelens"aere • a copy of ass teat buUetta:-t«Hm ttet, the «v«s af every person wan spaa WashCwateiriea Tata PramtSom«*s •*rf«t, this (Weehmsday) afternooa, at Criata—flr. Swnaater a Uae- OTHoes.TV iota b<*a»T*g raiasoa, isms rka>x «TS:r itaoccai> is BAIITOBIAL COLTMWS.~ STasutQ JOB psorristjtheef tee Thirty stxtn Cmgrma of the Cntoo: Report af the Pro- Ihwassshsi from tea Sooth tn regard to the lw-antes Movement, teport af theLeotereef tae TTte*,Jbjsjhiilemaeraa theLifeand Character af Ufcyetm; Ia^rlsSnhgUUar from Oar Car- reapoadeat ai ttssmsasi, Japan; ConttnaaHon of the fesU- mony in xhe Borah Dtvaree Caae; ptsaaatmg Letter fromtko Home of the President BeckpaWJass Trial to Eag had tavervtag the Legttlahiay of aa old kew York Family; laiereauag lntehigtaoe from tea Pacthc, Reportover and above to the government. By the Maretzek. which resulted inaflveytmr* warTH1STSESTH DISTRICT. Heoub'lean.Uon drealara, * c . addrem Chase A Co , beaten, 33 Wt!liam 1 601 >rect. Sew iota.at ele»en o'clock, from Trinit; etttsreh, New York, wtth out further invitation.of thegovernmentitself, rtouithtto bejmanagedtogettogetheragoodcompanyand to bring out the '•Jewesa" in splendid styleHanaovad.-A Letter. Oemttat. Has Re-j Itmnotiiiabaaliwsadkavailabletoahollahed in toto.Another souroe of useless exoetiditure arisesfrom the act of 1?-^, by which -every printer of newspapers is authorised to send one paper to each and every other printer of newspapersmoved from ill lealh aueet to 1M Ntoto suaet, a faw, when yeato k aot wkkto reaek, as to aaa. : nsder all ekemmtomeaa, k stay be; daScnhy of prnsaetog! queettyof so toferionwithin the United States tree of postage;" and ; country only varies in its incident*: tbe results from the law of 1852, which requires that week iy have been always the saa-. The first (•ersun newspapers shall be delivered free of pov-axe ] who attempted the manigf ment of a reguia' to all subscribers residing within the county in Italian theatre in N-w York was Palmu, wa .brtage at Freemansburg, eight cars ran off tbe track aad aueet told and applied at BATOfeBiiOB'S Wis; factory, U broke throogtt tne iloortog Francis Melfhaa, conductor,which such papers ar* published The news- papers received in exchange are part of the journalist's stock in trade, and he is no more entitled to receive them tree than a dry goods house is entitled to receive its silks, and wool-OMBTTFIOATa FBOM DB. HA TBS ASBATBK TO CBS SCATS OVlens.. and cottons. And by what rule of ' justice does a person residing at the ex-treme eod of a county in which a newssharedhisfate.SubsequentlytheAstorPlacesubjectofsecession,anddeclaredtheirdeterminationto arjetherprtortplefaI Wallitreet, For Throat Hlaeaaee aaa Camsjtos, Use of Scur wubproduee • rp^Aamnto^eldmre^^paper is published receive it free by,with the artists. No money coming inmail, while his neighbor, who lives' and a great deal going out. Maret-Barnlng of a Leiaatlc Anylaoa. LousutLB, Ky.Dec 4,1800Wo Kvery flututr W h s Hae Cnllaren nTertogfromanyoftoeeomntotottsanldeattotoeperiodof tB«rr-f weaayTawanttotyonrown orejudioeaortoeprejuTo sonis on«. having i beeagwetllaeoma Snskararejust bey cod the boundary in an adjoining ' county, within a stone's throw of him, is com-ing seceded, under tbe lead of Salvi. he wai well might letters be sent free of postage in ' forced to undertake a Mexican campaign, tbetargast and most costly building tn Keataeky, was were saved. Loss oa the building JMO.OCO.A r r i v a l o f t n e H e S o t o a n da t N e w O i t e a m s .Nnw Osxaans, Dec. 4, I860 Hie steamships De Soto aad Philadelphia hare arrivedfrom Havana 28ib. News anticipated.MBS. WWPXi'Wto kCXnEDNO STKUP.W o r k F o r tsaudlmsrs.—Iron8 to rethree times through eateve; mb m a piece of baser of bat IBMsneer aa egg and at be toe paste wtth eold stSk or wssa(Be Ok a preferable) barely sttT enough tn sesmk rolBsg oat able knoh kneaiUeg tbould be avoided. Out toto destosd form.aad placed imsaedatoly fa a hot oven aad ssksd quickly.LOAF BBBAD—The same proporttnas of leaven ami floor sifted together aa shove: osatt the bnator, aad saaks bat vans suit eneogh to knead fan a loaf, aad bane ana iiltotsti Inaaiowovan.Asthe same county in which they are milled i The result ot these laws—whica ought to besnd Bank Fronts, Ooinmaa utrdera, tteanu uuors, 3au Patonaas ttirdera, Baama. Dowa, ShoStors,B u n , Bank VaaBn, wtodow lAatals, Oapttok tor eolt gereeso tor stoasantoea and every aeanrlatton af One Iron Work. JA SIS L. JACSSOn A BBOTHBB'S Iran a Twtnty etahto street. Baeaed aeeane aatd Twenty atoth •t o n i n m p d o a aaad Klattraal HlaasteeaSt sssafnlly traalsrt to a mnSed tone «ueb aa those of toe rbroat, bsaaaVUver sad Beart OonsnJlstton aad msdtone. tee 88, wham wlU tost ks saVrwny. Dmpstebst per exprem to any ad- drma all over the Baton, on rtestol of the above. 1». J. O.pelled to pay postage for the same paper'repealed— is to overload the mails with a vast number of trashy, worthless papers, to the in- jury of importantjournals and those whosub-scribe for them.We might enumerate some other items of ex-penditure ir'hich ought to be omitted, aad•only one, we believe, except his last Havana season, which has been pecuniarily profitable The victims of the Academy are Mare'zek. Strakoech. Ole Bull, Pd^ne and Uilman. Coit and Pbaien burned th«ir fingers here, and v«t rious other pereoae have been slightly singedThus it will be seen that the Opera gives us quite ss much irouole an the Union. We nave done eur best to save both We have steadilyBUCTWHBAT CAIBBone quart of batter, add one egg; then toavan; beattoafrotoatdoook qusek.BPONQB CABS-Two ease oftte yoBmaf »nteggs toe whitesof stt then beat all together-, toof water, and tires tea* tssepooafak ofCORN CAKM-One pad mahofwhoseomission,with tboee wehavespeciSed,would make the Post Offioe pay ins sad of supported the Opera, and believe that one dayBoatbera Ocean Btemamer movements. CBABIMT>S, Itac 4, 1800Tie United State* mall steamsbr.' Ootnmbta, Captain Berry, from NVw York, urlved here at ten o'clock this (Tuesday) morning.Hark.Is. wm.AWWT.vwiA STOCK BOABD.Prnxtnavrau, Oes 4,1800 atoafes beevy aad inactive. retuAsytvanla State 0's, S9», Mead bgnallr md, 1T.^. Morns Oanal, 54, Longteam' Kairoa , iOJK, fecosyWanta Railroad, 87>« Bight exchange on New York 1 <* a 1 % per cent premiumof tne I.wnga and Throat SBI- threeteaspooafnkoflearunwell sessfn'lT matod by B W. VONDEBSMIrH at. D. Offise of molasses s a '8VO . WTTH PLATBB-SaCOSD TN8VO. WITHinmOB.-PiiSBbeing a burthen to the country.it will be a permanent institution in New YorkOn the subject ot international postage, the j That such is not the caee now is owing more to Postmasterreferstoacorrespondencewhisk'theimpracticabilityoftheartists thantotherecently took place between the Department , lukewarmness of the public The posit ton of and the British Post Office, in which it wsa pro- j the operatic manager is a very peculiarundoubted right to, the performancehumrrted. WTUB—OOITKUS.—In Brooklyn, onDeone. On the one band he has the bslwawi the two countries to twelve cents, six public, who demand, as they have anDr Cutler, Bev Asnanaos M WTUB, A M , assistant Blukuer of Bt Ann'a church, to MABUAXKI F , eldest iter af Henry N. Conklin, Esq , all or Brooklyn.H i e d .AiiTH'-k —In Brooklyn, suddenly, on Monday, Deoem-ber a, AJISA, .uaaghter oi John nod Anna Athnr.Tbe frieaos of the family are invited to attend the fu- neral, this (Wednesday) morning, at toa o'clock, from theresidence of her father, SB Dean street.Buss.—In Brookbn, on Monday, Decembers. BRUALorna, onty daughter of William A. aad Gataertoe Bitot. Jr . aged 4 months a-i S days.Tbe friends sad relatives are invited to attar d the funeral, from the reaiuence or ber peream, No 688 Pacific street, this (Wedsweday) afternoon, at two o'clock, with-of as aiposed by the latter to reduce ocean postage j cents to be paid to the vestels of either counN'aw Oaiaajn, Dec. 8,1800 sales to dav, 0 000 bales at 9'4'c. a 9)%'c. Wheat steady nt »1 20 a $1 40 corn 00c aof his promises to the letter: on the other, he each side. Postmaster Holt instated that Eng . has to reconcile tbe jealousies aad satisfy theCbttraqnletfor mnolmg04J. anmsey 18e Freignu—wtuo to Havre 1 *ctry, and three cenw for the inland postage onIland should only receive two cena, the regular Charge tor her own inland letters, while the United States should receive three cents, being the charge for their inland letters, and he was willing that the balance of seven cents should go tor the sea service. The difference to Eng- land, therefore, by thio proposition, would only be the toss of half a cent on each letter, for her ships would carry at least half the letters: andyatthe British government would not agree to it This hi blind and stupid obsdnacy on a mere false point of national pride, for by the proposed reduction of the postage the corTes- pondeaoe would he trebled, aad both post offices would be largely gainers hy the trans-action.We perceive that the Postmaster recommendsdemands of a score of artists, all independentMOBIM. Dec 8. lfidO Cotton—dales to-day, 3 OCO ba.es, market dull at »a. a0 wc. tor middlingBAVASHAB. rate S, 1800. Cotton—dales 986 bales good middling ai 10 \ c Marthat ail letasm to foreign countries with which wehaveaopostalarrangemen»--auchasCuba Heettmg mt tke Allefhtny CommtyS M i n e irhmkwy aoaataal sorn, 4 000 benhels rye.at 17 lie. tekajsaparts-and Mexico—should pay a uniform rate of ten tent*; while it is urged that, since by the over- •samsatera.PsiLAOXiPsu, Dae. 4,1800.Qswat». Ban-4-S P. M. inrnral with moderate demand tor tea mtetidfiniin the distance to California hi reduced within three thousand miles, and the postage to three cents, an alteration should oe made in the act ao as to make all totters conveyed over the Kocky Mountains to the Pacific coast pay ton oruts as before. These amendments are Cesira- We; hut, from the rate at which revolution is! At a meeting of Ste AlUgksny ammty boadhrdders, attea BxskasfS, «a auartmy, a resolution was adopted , nsmiiiiillni a cosamUtee of atvsa, aathorhmd to meet with my ojmmitios 9r reoraseatativss em- hy tee peopto of Aiieghaay oooaty or I'.tisourg,ar tea authorities thereof, to refsreaos to of toe datsns of(E£2MVB»* aosatoawat retell toto. Lake ^ 1 0 B ^ w ! t e s i whsat. Canal exnorto-l.COOatone o-'ctoekrtocamooLS —fciza. the beloved wife of Peter Dram- ( *~tgIMA. SLAB*, ravaaforward. Post Office reforms at preheat j into attar baagattcaaos. The greatin;It warn, per*apa absurd to beliere that while••mil of tkt i i l i w i e m s elwasess of tee mostquiet that laths city. Ho sstsw set the sroftaHfnrjv ilurallty dollars, amoontiBg for 1*60 to $8 518 067, It May painful doty v. auaooam to the aahuc tnat I John H. BredvSSSSOU ten esanator and by all nnws agents AdTertiaamento m- But reattiTes aaS friends are laauectfttlry tovited to at-which is nearly seven per cent increase no theprevious j ear But against t>jia gradfying tact8M w>y«atf compelled to atone Ike opera.Notwithstanding ia« unanimity of appr»toaHop withLawr>aaeM Van Wart «cl Wm a. DraperE C ThatcherTammany aad Mozart. .1,614serted at the mmsl BSSAIStend the funeral, this (Wsemenoar) afternoon, at mm o'clock. from **t Andrew $ rtnrcbBcrsaat —The funeral of Mrs. JCLLA Rorrnrr will take place at SH Philip's ohnrcb, thai dav, (Wednesday) at tw* !ve o'clock The oocgrrgttion sad frlsmds arc tovttod to attendBrJoan—OnTuesdayDecember4,SAXAXAn,wifeo Cuariee C at John, need 04 yearsThefrtendaandreuureeofthefa.-nilyarerespectfully tovited to attend her fanera!. oa Tnarsdar s/ternnon, at oae o'clock, from her late residmwr. No 61 Haster street•"con —In tbtf city, on Tuesday, Deoemb*- 4 ScatB MASIA, elrifnt dangVer of Arehlhaid and Jane Scott, agei 20 monthsaad SIdays.The reiatires and friends are requested to it ten 1 tns fesem!, this (Wednesday) afternooti, at two o'en*, from the residence of ber parrots. No 106 W--« Nine teer th street Ber renaatos r l l be taken to 8r«eawo*3 lor to^ermentBtanoN—In New Orleans, on Friday. Octo*»er'so • HAI-JH H. SXA-NTOK, of Aloany in the 43d ymroi hit agethere ia the set off of oOjFUj 706 of excess of ftnatty betuo- lb* ei(w«e«e Thoa I aaerioe i> ibo pre-Bacy '• majority over Van Wart. HSVXKTHPTSTRICT.expenditure over the incr-ose The actual ex- jwnditure tor 1M>0 wa» $14.^74 772.Hha# J Cbipp...Tnmm«ay aad Mozart. SS82>viu, snailsuai Ann aoaoom *iita Lorranim. I>«L»WABO KZTKACiomOn •on.4, 136028, 34, 23, 31, 65. 51. 39, 75. 32 38. T7, 24, 12. DBLAWAU—Cum678 Ior.A18S0«5. 2, 64, 44. 74. 8, 30, 11 63, S5, 13, 70, 33.(1rcui*n< »e«" 'raw of eharne by adil aaa)aa eShar to WOOD tl'HT A CO.. WtiartogtOB l>eU»are OrtoWDuD, EDDY « Co., St^ru»' Maa-e• * m tfce gross revenuefromtheBritishPos.Oflce fromthefieldforsometimeandnextappeared N-ccotaeat-a^rin.Tammany it.iiul luaependent1 030 1,110 330WBTTKOW:—On Tneedsj' moraine. December 4 after a table and Cfcilorom'a Fart, at Unite's, protractedillness.EmAnrraAnn,wifeofJ.C.Wuiimore,816 Broadway. ASttiied at whonaale price*. agrd 57 jeersHer funeral will take plane oo Thursday afteraoon, •'.fw&i Si I ' l l f'M): the cost of management. $•»,- tor' :".; tne net revenue. 5<;.O!0.2ij > > that, with postage Hf>v per cent cheaper, tne Ecgusti government uaLas over six miliioos ot dollars from its Post Office, while our government loses by its insuiution nearly the same amountWm B Dreneof the great plants: was a very profitable our. Allen's piorii.teWe are aware that from the comparativelyshorter distances mails are carried in Great and Boston. Be brougbt out Ptccoiomim.Froment'spicraJitySSTENTKEVTH DISTRICT.BritainandIreland,andfromthetbicftlypopu Ijrted 2nd compact nature of the islands, the expense of carriage is necessarily less than ir. is with us; but the differencebetween the profit and loss of the two estab- lishments ought not to amount, as it does, to over eleven minions and a half of dollarsOne eource oi unnecessary expense to the I sited States Post Offioe is the traa#miaaion of **fiee matter" for members of Congress, which it is estimated costs the country $3 OOo <Kn> Not only 'heir letters, but their dirty linen aad their dirtier trash of speeches and documents, burthen the mails, to their great delay and the terioui inconvenience of the puolic. Even the• T18Pri» \lfa. PrU*IAo Priw I»> urn* . .aw-iUTH., o«oo|rsii.. stf»raa»i... jam USK ii«ts... ko|i4T»... 4a»ns>7t.. «SB{<4S» euo .SVQ ISm....kt»|i47«... 40M»l74....4fH>tS7 .. .*4j|«HQS 18J^...Sl*!l473S....el»iatt7!» ...sa>jestJ... 4J»t»S34?•foul and treasonable books, such as Helper's j finale of the season—the Philadelphia per- ••Impending Crisis.'' whica have contributed so formance in honor of the Prince of Wales.WHBBA.BR A WIUOJ'S sawnro WACHINR Wtth important knoimemenm. at reduced prioeaWO! n w e meaaamseeaatahle ereaeut mat esabeasTi n mdy durmg toe Cnnmsaaa hdideyaOSAOO.MSBroadway, New fork. Orortr eV Baker's Celebrated BJoiacteesBewmg Msnhmes, S*o aal apwaran. «M Brmd say, «. i .Aimaterially to bring the I uion to the verjre of j the abyss of dissolution, have been conveyed free through the Pot>t Office, and the franking ,privilege abused to the threatened destruction jThe Italian artists, Brignoli, Ferri. Susini and Muzio, then revolted, taking Colson along with them. Swakosch again deserted Uilman, who did not lose all hope, but$8as Thai berg s manager. The Americao careertbiis winding up his career with a splendid ro";> de theatre.Emsskm of special bills af credit was propatsd. Fatal tlallroad AceMest.EASKM, Pa , Dec 4, ISM. Last evening, ss a freight train was pawns; through theCrlntadoros Hair Dye, U las aad Tew- less onwhnlawie.,'' The history of operauc speculations in thipeea. tbe best to Bow Terfc. wao aaa* aad retail, aad the ur* prtramiyaephed. No8AsterBoose.It it vahaahk) as i theSoarof sotprocess, moeh af toe converted nto enrbsnas sok'y tor the purpose ofss* obtained tn a aaanaer equally efl destroys a pert of the Soar ar meal, a I US pounds which ordinarily iUiiman's experience has not been singularhad made a snug fj m n e as a re.iijurate r. andwho lost every dollar he nui tn th*» world in[ the Opera business. Simpson, of the Pars,factory.terms not exeeedtog 818 per week, mnfodtog 8m aad heat: rcstosaee en a ptoaaaat neighborhood require-! and waa a qotot sad centael family, where there are ao other inisiiima. oy Saturday next. Addrem doard, box MS Herald sOtonMONKT TO LOAN—OB BOND ANT) XOBTGAOK OT soma to sou. A half Inie-eei in a vsjutble Bna-wsy LesneholA Properrr to eeti or exchange for Beal kataat to Saw tori or Brooklja Apply to k. SALTUHSTALL, MOpera House was built, and Fry undertook ine managemeat. Same thing over again. Kowsmeet swwslo" at the point of the btyocet, causing cons, gsoW.t'B Trnnbm, wbmb are sold by all drasstoa Paaks uciainad throosh toe sin of yearn,'wiije for cakes and pastry PABTBBB WAJTTKD-A MAN HAVISO SUB TO Di- derahie ill feeling scaaA^ra and aatsnrs tbould bava toem. tt w tnvalanlle. as It saves all risk sad much tone sf tot ved can stake from 881 o 880 per week by tokmg wormNEW YORK HERALD. WEDNESDAY,MBER 5, 18G0.-T?JPwffi SHEET.Siatoiwenhiacoaotaonoftarautuou*alarm; **f attbtdam-icmID ITTO THI BDTTUB or •*c>—nr or anmc. tea- 4 1M0rtrem PISTBIOT. K puonaaaFmmrs—4t States lr.ian1.on Monday Dscna?cr Z, B s n T Pmrars, sged 08 yearswb ch the - Jewess" hat b«aa received ey vhn press aaa prreeindependent democrat. OnionTO 2Ttoe paaUe, tne reoalpta, after tko a m a»*iu. O*TC faiiea enriona save of aSahra in taoeraA, aad to tae deorgna Mtfc.-aIBIOwn.cntasOperanantaUaadonegmyana^nJC in tnioot.mlS i m l aUndertkraealToiimeUnoraIoannotdoother«Wntkaartcpuottoaa. Union...l.aOS . m. S56.1900 .1S96 . *)7I>»<*J UuTOV.. *iow. we hold that, wttb wise Post Office laws retire from the maaageoeat, aa l ten<icr my aem t»ankt Jameo M Austin.•%-e •• • 1 . • » 1and with proper management of tae Departvent- it ought to be at least •elf-sustaining,instead ot a burthen of upward- of fire millionsand a halt npon the oountrj. The British PostOffice, in which there is only a uniform charge before the American public as the maoag*r or of two cent* for letters for all distances, aad Madame Son tag's campaign, which he dimct*d deJvexed free of carriers' lees, not only paystor Ike generoee aid I bare rooelved from <h» t<rma, tne artiste and ail the employet oi la* Ujera 1 am, ae*r •ir, wits gr«ai reopec, yonr ohcdMat ser*ant,Chat J Cctpi*" majority o w Dirrow., KTHrH DfflTMCT.B CLLstK The career of the retiring operatic pown .\> has been a checkered one. He first appearedr-aneTw;toe -amoet Man.on foearO h IJerrianRe.mbiieaa. k.itrt and Tt L't'iuDr»wintersof ft.FraaetiDelawareLay ton•» majorty over Mu> son SXXTECTH DT*rSICT.«1*xander Fear Witl.am H» .. .Litest Parliamentary retarrH it appeared that brtweaa the rival chieftains. Uilman recirrd Jno. A llleaCoeim OLA» no Dei 4 18S0.13, 56. 23, I, 62. 46, 62 55. 64, 73, 45 4t.CoflsomursD Lormn-i CLA5S 219, Dee A 18SB.4, 61', e?, 13, 63. 61. 3. 51. 14, 62, 25, 78, 66. Clrenlan ten; free of enarte by eadronuB*K FRANCS WUaatnftoa. Detawarawith a great deal of skill and success. During all expenses, but brings a handsome revenue tfiw time he had his memorable quarrel wun906 Tammaoy and Mozart... 1 866and Uilman found himeelf in the possession of aconsiderable sum of money, woi^h he invested Wm Ba*a ..rimtSNTH pnrrucT. T«(raaany ... Brpioiicaa..auaart...1604 ... 1 3*i .. 0W»are all the rasa C*< be bad on y at 216 Broadway.Rttt.b r a n . avt \ \ txlta'., altt Bruadvravj "at wholsaawprioea.( a i t : Fmsw : : F a n : ::—a» Per Cent Ieea Broadway prmm. AXKina, *U Oreea wioh et. .aear VeeeySkirts. Bklru -Six tor BB.at koaei de • bambre at halfWrrrs —Oo Tuesday, December 4, 'OBJI Hrvni WITTS, eldest son of John H. aad MatnUde Witte, aged 0 years sad 6 months.The relatives and frtenda of the family are respecfui * v inrited to attend the funeral, thm (Wodnesdny) after- noon, at one o'clock, from 131 Jersey street, Jersey City, withoet further noticein the Opera, baling succeeded in obtaining a lease of the Academv for four years, and b**icg in possession ot the Opera houses at N»w \ arkwhomadeagreatdealof moneyintheNortnbut not enough in the Soura to p^y the heavyexpenses or transporting a full company to tupport bar. Piccolomini went over to Strak >scb.and left Uilman out in the cold. Subsequentlyhe joined his forces witn those of ^trakoichwho triedtheexperimentoftngtgingunkno*nsingers, and drew blanks instead of prizes. Taeseason was a disastrous one, and sent Ulimm toElba again. Strakoech fell back on the provinces. Uilman borrowed a few hundred dol- | lieved it would be taken. lars, went to Europe and engaged several new. . . . •1 4 8 2781 S7J 763 HI907artists. In the meantime Strakoech had opened 1 the Academy, but tailed to make the concernaArmL SB CMpay.Uilmac returned in time to see the grandover Mr. Bargeet.zek succeeded Fry. and had a betterprospect: but some of his singers hav- Ourned on Friday morning. All the In nates except oneof him. If they do not have precisely what ; they want, they threaten to secede and dissolvethe union. This Is not exactly the case at pre- J sent: the question now is that of money, as weunderstand it; but put Crccsim himself at thehead of an Opera house, and he could notmanage the artiste. And so we find UUmangoing out. after ten years' experience, a wiserand a sadder man. Be has worked hard —nodoubt about that—and has done his best for 14)*c Hams, 12c a 15o. Whiskey dullj| ]proving8'gbt exchange on New York ww quoted yesterday at• j j_. PLATKD wOODS, AC. At s erreai reaumton for cashSLBOAJIT sULVBB PLATBD T1U SBT8." T 5 ! ! ^ a B ?*, f>, te (worth StOforBS. WeA train boy oa tko fftiafo, Borltogtoa snd Qitoey overehadowteg question is not whether the { railroad, aamsd W « . Hadeon. was yesterday arranadIke wens 40 000 UrdqiAiet.t'p^c sti"-,-- af-,*. e d g ethe public And it would be no more than simple justice for the Opera hnbUurs to join together and pay him the compliment of a grand farewell performance to cheer his heart oa hat lonely voyage to St. Helena. Then let the Opera go to smash until a new impresario appears upon the scene.ALSJLVT, Dee. 4,1800.W Floor dull. Wheat-Sales at 81 33 tor wbtte Western and $1 1s tor red wlater. ueas ftrmnt 37c for Stole, niloat cerastes*, to lots. Barmy laa sotlvs. winter ssc n 07c tor Monroe oounty fonr rowed sales 8,000bushels Canada Went malt at 00c. « 9oc. Whiskey lower sues 900 bbto at 1 8 * c . t M X c" ^ BirrrAU}, Dee. 4—1 P MFloarqiiM, with sssau salsa of «*»OW« aadtedtoaa AI SAasf 20. aad double extras at OS00 a SO MS- wrasTnaarlmtWaU daserto^yaeaatea,^aad.»eatto,dobng_ twaaaaat nose are sailing at OS a 0* 60 for under aaa everCINCntMAlXOhm.—Before me, u e sobsorlbsr, a Jnakee of the PanaaA TOrjBO GBNTLBMAM. WHO IB NOT AOQUAX wtth many people to toto eky. wi "qnsiBtoace of a ywnag tody wah view to no object, an ha k risk, good'ane to share tt wtth. Addrem•W ANTKL-ONB WHO I rag•adword'm lSL'aioasTX^ANTMD-A JCTJKNKTltAST Witk"aaVJCT'A.vTtl'—AOss thaTta* f* **r ta* nm*fr*~>*% MS* ttsfTqeue re*M a l lttubbery.Oaii^aso. Dec. 4, I860.hnabcts •boat. 0 000 bushels corn, signi mmmwnge u> New York—uenA rates advanced to 8 per seat stemlum, and beaks are Bailing very spar»«lvUBtusMAT , Dec 4 , lboO. g*ur dun Whtskey aetfvs at !»>,«. • " » * « r ^ r , demand aa'ee 3.000 bead nt 00 86 a fS » ***'"J» *HATVOB—Mm MABT BaTioni.a native af Alhrldge, ot»»u>t> lUaarn. kmmad, is tae aStk year of her ags.The f&aerai #Bt take mace from tko rant leans of her tnn». Bcnard sad Jamas Bayma. Ho 8ihis Wednesday) sftornoon. a« twoo'Orrefltnd ( » » ) papirs pkaae copyJonssa^.-ln Brook ya. oa Snedny momingUntitled Document2 ynA.vcan Tooagest daog^.ter v t»e mmon tuu Maria ,ktori*«*a.»r»d8peats.-Jm-. --UUkv«tto|,t*M«.tuw«a- t-vt.-/,t.a,i.Sua Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Theiwhuassamehiatonlj,with "•"•eras iaterast maalteeted by the paatie la the re•ot hmrSry worth eattwa» aa tltttlaa; St Swt, eay was SMTS like SaaSay hi the motropot• than say. At to* haw at wMefa we go to prsss a W to tea how largo a vote has been poUoS; hat, ja*ftaf troan Ikeso that wo he** reeneaa, H wU! not beT h e n wtu,wfth< ongeoa the re rahtttve to the.swvaa, dhe.today i'W, inesday)Kre»hl.agad S yrare aad 3 moaihaMcflrmiun —Oo Sn&aay eveaing, December 1,Mc^raoew, Sr.. ages Tt avorsIke raaatl res aad frames of tee familyarmed to asanas ana^bmerai, this ( Wedaasrlay) sfi o'clock, from h a htm reetdeace Ma. on BtBAAS—On Tuesday tee 0Sth year of his ageThe ramtlten aad fneeds of theftamfiyart ratpsetfallf istusm ten fesotal from bis iateISM Bghteesth sweet betwars Fhte aad this (Wedsesday) afternoon, ato'clock srsskwlj, without fartherkASiesB —On Tnaeriay, Doonaber 4. aawrasm, rt.ugater of Mtchnei and Mary Margeo. aged t 1 nv-ctb nod 6 dnysThe foaeral will take place from the residence of ber pareatt, 1S4 sast Twenty saooad street, tha (Wednawkty) afternoon, a* two oHSook.one half - he r-nather polled at the Iks faUawhwaie all the rotaras 'ap to the hear of fMac to press .—ALUEBMANIC HETUBSS. riBST smnucT.Xmte*.Hoary Pantta Bngh G Ornsiar JnfanKarybtL BMkety Smith's majorityJoke tJ*-r>ea>ahwinwa. BKisaora Horrlagioafolate*Bopabiieaalaaawtn* aad Honart Hotart aplltInl. Republican.Orasier.niSTBSCT.Tamaaaay aad Union. R-poMtaanSk>sartIndependent.Stastp.Vcu.l,i T66toKo|)U3iicac Frear'a m»jori"T over HU!.I.UJO00Tne retntlvoi aid friends rf thfl family s*e raoientfunyAndre Frnment. ,,<vhi K'oery.J a w t» V o o r b l S . .Bamttait? nry W Genet Ws P"«w,i,2J . *fm CaorcaiUr»moaa<>> Rr(ijO!\e*aprice Booot108ChaUumstreet,earnerjf PeartMISOBAAIAAJTBO<1S KYBUDSU.SSOWS,WBDOIBttCABD8ANDAPPkOXTInriONr s r z s sMuzart Gene'.'s • • iorlty over DonningI lork.lsrelopatof tbelstmt stylet 1818ltM Paltoo street. New.V,iPrise.i.VrtSaw a from MexicoNiw OBiaaai, Dec 4, 1-60.IBSTTTCTK OF F1S J ARTS, Xnemdln^ tbeOVMICOA1S.:r,- tteamsci)' Au*tin, from Bmaot Decejiherl, has mred.DCS^aXDORr UAIXBRT aad JABVBSouixarmoa.<r>Q BBAVBiA 07BSCOATSA oreclamatlon for the election of now Presidential eiff-orp bad bren pobtlshed the Lade oV tfy*& Del Ds Trjada was the favorue oaadldate in Northern Mextoo.Rrooktyatypes. O. H. WHWAMSOK rsteolmked 1351.R. B. Coi<a>aa mi oom'a Eataw Ueate, Batttmare, Md.. and Intrraallnaal Hotai, Ulagara ? Alia. N. T.HorrtmK'a F a u a t Ohmmtpiom Fire Burglar Proof flame, Ml Broadway, ooraar of Morrar Mew Tors.$8 M A TMovaacoATs.The Liberal* were inTcnting the onpiiol, aad It was be-$8 B*AT» OVBBOOATS.At BVANirMssdMFaltamtwamwlsmsuattaJames D Grew was re elected Mtjrar of Cambrldce yes-$9 Ckn*i———MautlclpalBwrtosr, Dec 4, I860terday , hy sixteen piarautyIn Chelsea Freak a Fay was elected hy three hundredsad forty two majority.a » y oral tjr Somtlmailoai Bosronr, Dae. 4,1SO0.KimhaU was last nlfht nominated by the reeab- ueann for Mayor of Boston.• e a a t a t s ; o f M e w Orlamavs NrwCStiauB,Das.3,1800.A mentis* of the bankers ana merennntt hasU adopt meant for the relief of the money market. weal of Broad w*y..E l i c U o u .BBBAD. TkA OAXBB,ALL KINDS OF PABTBT. SO.. MANUPACTTBBD BTMDW CHANBBBLIN A CO., PBOPBIXTOBB OF SHAWMUT OHMMTCAL WOBJCS BO. 33 INDIA STRBBT, BOBTOM.CONCBirtBATaU) LBAVBN IstoeressJtofI Csai tW9&Vtm%Bread of ail ktoos made by namg k k.l.TOI . l k » . anof importance; Reports of the Cattle, ProrWon and Money Markets, aad ail latet esalng news matters Sf tea-laayaar; femr oasts a sheghttkms receired at the efma, a«rtew«st corner af Fattea aad Massaa itreem, Mao York, olagto cosies for sale atThe Irmnas of she family are reneectfully invited to at tend tae funeral, from the fwtdsnet af her aveate,SU aveaas A, comer of Fifteenth street, tern (Wednesday * afUrnoon, at one o'clock. The rsarnies will he taken to Fmthuah.Tl 6D r a m a g t. Ml tenea —W< OD, SDDT S OO kuaaerao'waskilled. ThebridgewasnotInjuredT a e P i i s t m P h a l s a i l a B a l t l a a o r e . newly bavented wjg factory. 10 Bond streetBALTLMOSS, De: 4, I860 Hill s Hats Dye—50 teatt. Black or The Putnam Phalanx arrived here to day, and brown. Depot B a 1 Barclay street, aad sold by all iwere cordially received. They were welcomed by the Mayor in an appropriate speech A military dinner1 have aaadysed the Cceesntrmed LeaveK a d l e a l t n r * o t t l e r a t a mDr. 8. H. " ' " 1 of toe wall knows boeae of Marat A Oa., nac efficlaBey of acooc in prodm' tried it occasional!3, and could cot mute it pay was afterwards given. Uee of the officers of the Phalanx S a t Veaey meet Astor Bouan, appoake toe ekurah. devotee ten dins doush and thereby reactj kanquirico and Patti succeeded Painv;. and tn responding to tbe speech of the Mayor, broached teaapeetol l a a a l l e to She eerstonl as aotadon of ms Bsetosl Onre Tnk arueir tm aktimlly anssnamaasdl tenar*. InTbe Western Lunatic Asylum at Hoi'ktasvilw, the dleea o'otoera stand in the way nt ton relief thai will be euro— wan. abnointsty suae totoUwwt o e aae ofBoenw, Defl 4, 1880. The old feetorv at Northboro waa destroyed by OreLet lite •mfferera Hear If — Otorgr Brocks, of Jersey tity. afltaned wtts periodical attooka of broDcaltla over e'anieea mouths, b«s been perfmabr cured by a Ave weeki' use of BCL1 OWAT>8 Puis and Ointment.las: night, torn 886 COO of employ meatMany persons were inrown outket irregular, witn few bnyeta Sterling exensnge la lm out further notice.P n l t a d a l p n l aW AddrOld Factory at Hwrtmkmro Uestroyed by DDBJtIB. Na 114Broadway. Bew York F i r e .aOauum—In Brooklyn, on Sunday eventog, December H at a quarter peat 11 o'clock, Haaxr Jasas, son ofenry T Orsna. tnq , aged 18 yearn.The retotivee aad friends of the family are: respCBtfallyinvited to attend the funeral, from tbe resiidenoce of hk father, No 07 tmate street, thii>(Wednesday]1aftoraAsm at caee'etock >u w r w M B »4C^nnou. —On Mc.idty, December 3, Mrs. EUZA Can- BOLLHer retativee and friends are respectfully Inetted to attend the iuL-ml, from the residence of Isaac Mead, No. 60 Watu street, this (W^inetda;) afternoon, at two o'clock wi hoot farther nottecCHAJIBBSS—In this city, on Monday, December 3, Ac- GCSTA w«'e o' keemuntb H Chambers, and only dnugh. tor of Kdward 1 Fellows, BSn , to the Jlst year of her age.The funeral will tok • place froai the residence af ber parents, No 30 Fast Twekty seventh street, at two o'clock no Tharrtoy afV-moon. The ratotives and iriends of tht> family arc respestfttliy lavited to attend without inrther notioe.New Jers»" aad PenneyivnntoDai.von —Oo Tatatoythe bowels, HtodB DAITO*, aged < anativeoftheconsty of InanWwdThe retotivea sad friento of the hers of Clintec Hoce Company No requested to attend tbe lonerel, fromnrJr Md aAatTrntrade aalea 600 bbis. at U tor extra No. »W ah>t FcorteenU street, on TUondny afternoon,% per eeni premium. Ftonaclal mailers at prawnt are ArGCSTA. Dec. 4,1800.t WBNB, BCNIONS, INVBKTBD NAJLS, NN1 V Ja**j£ fc?.fT,* 1*? ** ,!!?e^^faw,Br^,Sight exahaage on New York at 8 p.-r oeot premium. Pnu-iDst-fiUA, Dec. 4, 1800Mmoonveniene» h>the patient, by Dr KAOfiAkrayiovr qutet. Wheat firm saiea 6.000 buabett red at 81 « a 81 TT,wbiie at 81 28 a $1 80 Corn quiet: sales 4000 buraeis at 6*0 a 08> t«Oss quiet at 12 ,c. aCHAPPKD HANDS. PACB, LIPS. AC -OSST AIS CTjas aad preventiva HBOBMAN A OO.-S Caampkor lea, wSi myeertoe. if aaed aa direemd. will keep the tkaa soft fa m* eotoem weather OauySSemm nmst hy staSTor 80 aawkvHSaKhLAN AOOCwsnsl^aadDrueirtoa Boa ISL MS. SU aad m dVaacweytare always on h1aadfornaa. toSAVAJTSAH, Dec 4. 1380t l l L VI L K 1 L D .. 734 of the annual CeUbratlca of tk» St AndraWs 8s- o»ty, AU the Iseal Noam of Mow York aad VicinityTroy pneats please copy.McWammt —oa ratamvy, Deonmhw 4.o'sear»e FuiABBtn HcbUsoa, onty daughter of George aad McMskes, eged • years, 1 month aad 21 daysfwr-r.Batckelor's Hairlem sed liismilisseiit blank or brown- Factory 81 BarelevMS boweryfslow oven.OTJP CAIE.-Ftveeupe of IanLeaven, aifted together; and one cap of Iand two egst at well benttogether;atix wtth ic:>poreurmnta,andspiestosuittheLA DOS' CAKM-Thres q of a four teasponnfnis of Leaven, siftedgar aad saitx oanetss of baker heater toa etoht eggs wet hsttan, and the juke of oaeVrKBBTEX CAKM- Five cups of Soar, three af Leaves three eunaof sugar, one of butter ons two eggs, fruit and*spire to the Iboar.Seedneettons to mntonenhags for Grab Boston brown bread, dumpItosn*Chainsake, jembiaa sfaettna cake, aaft aasngar gns*r bread stiver sake. dees.jelly este. gold cake. Japanese cake, apple aafce, LnVjo sake, and every variety of past For sale by all the prtsabjilgi BamsandOHO B, BA' 1M PearlOB TBB cesrSTaCOtlOM OF HOB8B BAILWAVT BAVABCE LINnW AND FOB STkBKT TBAPPitB^Ckartos Barn. C K Publkhsd by JOHN WBALE. NO.WHhrhrASMLKQTONJS MB OanalFAIK PBI0B arvBN FOB SBOOND HAND PDkkl ABaaSar—BOCSHT.-THB HlQHBeT PBICB Pi m cash for all ktoea of Hommttoidktrroea, Ac- CaBataTi Vhttd arenae art aa above M B —a good tmnnstum ofDye—Reliable,II arm-B a r . a IHwawee J a p a n - TSteFriday.Newaahertettskwasafmtain— Tlie Frraideat't Mes-MAlSaS a*R o y a lL)"»win#« No*. S7, 13SQ. in anotaer coiama Vor tor irraa tBTlted to stiecd the funeral ihia (WedneedaT) ra n-mnr,K x U l bktlumo f.« « i B. TAIAA?*, Maw torn.AChrlstimmeP r e s e n t .$9$9 0ArmHav*.mavUotiery.— See Officlml6U0 W h i t e a H o l i d a y . Oroaa attd Soft H a l s one r 'clock, from ber mte residence. No 192 Henry street.F A I > T : S G 3 .OPBifNo 8XS Broadway.ASTHMA.For the instant relief and permanent cure of the dU omplaiBt neeFkNDT'8 8BONCBIAL Old ABKTTBB.Made by C. B SBTMOCB A Co ,M8 Bnmdwai, New York. Pries t l nor box; sent free by eostAT BVBBJ>XU/a OLD BTOSB, SB SBOaDWAT-aJb/ She a— stylse of C«fo« sad Rare open Sea -moriumPhoiograptis andT SOHAPS- OAIXKBT OB BSUADW A1, A •XnamsraUa Picture.•' Aomkaloc 23cenm.g^NCaarraATMD UtAVsorFOB MAKOTSTOIPatemt Nom-Froexiaar Gave Sleter i-'imld— 1 blesad nnxrttloaB,"THISDAT.AddremAT $8 TM TMbie to »oor wfll ratals Ba mototme longer Broadway, lnielhaaut aaanamn warned 1 saceed ten mrsirtosi w 1OoaM tarn thaa f!t '" - a a « n filled to order. Ofitoa M2 i prooeaa. and tbe whom amstosasna torBLAOX CLOTH FBOOK OOATh. S8BLACKCTLOTHLADTWHOISASCPjaiOB. H>C«one or two small families or a few | the a;aranena eonaat of a malt room on the a m adar whh mut ofery farnkhed wkh all tmprovomc ta I - perttoi or fall Board., with prHlva»t»oleuhlsiApply at 180 r Thrt> fourth rreetMoldavia tranm-For Pteaei ilagt aad greet rrjtokp>«portent anvtog. By euafmmkt to the diner Kaonax-Oaura*wrrnrn, ynnngsit Asucbter of30 sfotaotliymg th« hntr Hold only at W. A. aArClilLOB'b p»c«»r*. ae? verane capable of ordtnarv sksawat may aaa BOABD WAHTKD-IB BBOOKLTN OB VICIMTTT wtth railroad aorr mmodaUoan for a reaUeaaan aad wife,Tuesday, comber4,nttae;«eidenctofthebride'sfather, byRevMole, n native of Dublin, aged 80 yearsThe frteaoa of Ito amity, aad those of her brother fa |Ftoar dull and 10aaetowersntos40000hnstieisat"Ooa70^0.torNj.I, funeral,that(Wsdoesdat)arteraoen,atiweo'otoek,from wkhtobay.07a a «7>*e tor No -2, to store Corn Steady at i»' . •« ber into residence. Me 7* BamUfa nveanv Brookiya. store. Com eetot Bmmlpto _ ,0oo bbbj. flour, Id 000 I Dublin paperaBaeaseopy . _ . .OmcAOo, Den. 4, 1££CWn«at active aad 1 ?»c ^ j tow Patrick Ooody, aro respectfully invited to sStead the*d to »1L sad wllfamke tt an obiemtotoose B. V. HAUOHWOCT A COccct the yrjoesa. and toe result wit mranaoiy be hajkly Bate two or three naoms wnh msaii served ta tostr asew—atkearra kdw. Cham herHo A Oa. with icfepastry oaok Tbe ezpettoaaahi made hy ase eonflrm tt mr,-tt of the maaafaetorera aad provetotecompound ofpublicappreralaadtThmfliJuse. Bmjistfuhy,A A.HAIBB, BtotoAmayw.HOW TO C8B IT.BBBAKFAST AND TBA BOLLS -Three toaapooafuk a SOME GOOD 8TN8LB BOOMS FOB OBwTLTMBNteaven to one quart of Soar: atixtoorouantyby paasmg two a vacant fa Ike Bntohms Ho ee M Wsvertoy ptoaa. Svedoors west of Broadway, npaa Ue Baropean plaa Arraasje mints for toe winter or shorter pertod atade tApon reaamANTBD—BOABD BOOM AND VTKB, BT A tOTJlman wb si willing to p*y a .'air prtoe betwmm Tfavky- td PortMth streas. aim fonr asm aafi for two cays l BOBaaTflBXD EDRXOH BOW BKADT. HAMMOND'S BBW MMDIfJAL BOOK. HAMMOND OM SKKVOOS DBBIL1TT.PBICB 81fcold by eOOPKBTCfai^ipodfav 701) Broadway Befers to phystomm snd of tokeky.- tZTmSSS dulyChronicm7EflmXm*Zm?m*£itm\tJAMTLTOM COtTBTT, BTATa_ OFBLACK CLOTH FBOOk OOATS $8 BLACX CLOTH rBCCX OOATS.$8af an esse,tostdrtoktog aato a d iwn town at ova of toe aem idrtoktogaApp'ytoT. fiaFFsBT, Be. 81 or»l BroosaeiNa 831"k^DUATX SAl UnitedStatesPostOfficeL*tohereformed,butj herwear*anvfcnurertohaveagovsrn-. of the Unite* States.crrramoaFTMBCOATS.for rakhlag the maiia of notes and drafts to tae amountBSOaDWAT-AIXIFAof ST1 0*0 » t - » wvre fosad T Ir* •»>«wsv,oa1«- wa*Hens pork in good aemend at 814 *•> aO^r rtrecn meats ta gool"*«aod «•><»<•• ra»»*et onflnaee*'' -itimtQBWTNa MA<O t*eornwu>»St>v.cramSawlas htoabtaastotot,wtthortrsksa„^».,«, . . . .„, „ v at W4«T-»Afrrrwwn-g PBrOBS, a «ASOaOaDWAY,byJ.AifhtlTaueUa.i. ^t « ««fcAj..•»..*-».www.fultonhistory.com 