 the speikiasrnnmberof H. B. Stan- /enthusiasm. for t veoty |>sngr in> and HamKn. he denned***fDon-DredSoott bideooAnee. Upon-tolais>ythe tpuantvro-;Oo*rV jtoeace, while s&rporty^•pTO^tt- iibor-toinHeader. offestnsaoypSaceev- veral compa- ad orowdVof •g was of the na*orGWae»jins Concord, eof thedele- teCharlestony 13; 188*. r£ir: I have sir- Yon poor*ome honest on far eating • rPoet-Office, nse the pries oner ? .'Poor•ft O. &?j»*&t0p>*5*w--V—- 0 i3. BEACH-" of Saurday i the editors, xqceatdebt-atthepiper, In his. fare-iderthenew e gentlemen in furor ofbeen gktd it Sverett until Ito siH, and tad to accept* fc.">oaty, Iowa,; y in ^oath- beenso gen>-the present icreaeedma- IHamlinbyc Southernper, has be m favored with the following production of an encaged subscriber:CADIZ JCKCTZON, July 16.sion—the firm advancing. one-half or two-thirds of the supposed, value of the wool taken in by them t> be sold. A Mr. Warren, of Pittsfield, Saratoga Co.,quartere he will, as usual, visit the Navy-Yards'of I Philadelphia, N« rfolk. Bciston, and Portamouth. H e exprerBts^^ himself highly pleased with the appearance and efficiency ofthe soldie s atthe.BrooklynGarrison.Mcyicker. Wc commend them to the best attentions ofthe West.1'' ffi '/' '';' 'MfJ, JTHE MORRISANIA POST-OFFICE.—Complaints haye reached us to the effect that the Post-Office^t Morris- aniaisnotproperlymanaged. Thesurroundingpopu- lationcontainsalargeproportionofGermans. Yet, itis;saidthatnoinformationcan beobtainedastothe postal regulations between this and foreign countries,•'•fton>e time, istcncy, be-' ,., v supporteda TA* CW- om it* files, aior editorextract isate that, as the absence >tctbeart£-< her articleet> eonfees, iambleton. p. while hion Judge was notnet >porthimif rhicQ might y: ccade theKie poUtiial te*on would did not feel section withPreeidencT. nwith T»cweed withnee a pros> LnxmwilltcalanehCy "an entire frciennined rnggle, we <&ne-in ev- na/.ing eor- a> talented r>oK<ieiaa, Jcion, wiil r» and pro- ragements ar a poweri contain* an etymo-stedby the usstatthis lerivatives Jot 'ratherthe leader of Dsmoe-»n,N. J., v . OWen'a ^oldWhig, ormet dis- Kinowin 1 probably w-fnngled avery and ply abont- B-wsof theBell move- iverif posh- es in Hon- r his own jrity, who a XovemrtheFed-, igor. On vhere thesteod, iu-- An oldn, heartilyft •Bataviais %Northern headed for rd; Jewettitioo, com- h preciact,. ietiewffl « , a n d i t i t theeonnty 4. thAper- dedged to SiSce. .Michigan ac, Flint,rtonSat- I. Hamlm Thomas,imes.'Ja- la livelyolnmbas, wigwaal bespeeah r pirtieandidates,•laybe-CITY ITEMS.A declUiondropsI HowimoMnucavolume'. Suppose AtUa. of the Ancients, to attempt the Uak of pouring it out, wioldjxf; • ladle of the capadtj of our oarth (calling the diameter evom 8,000 xaileis), tad filling and emptvlnglt every second of iim*. Etsr could' only accomplish h i s task i n 1,672951.80*lM,19Tr03,94TCOiyears, 43 weeks, 12 hours, 59 minutes and 10seconds'.AitertbV heraan;•£*ntw|—BishopYoungof the Pennefylvania Catholic Church, from the law of angles, it is impossible to use any theredf.Hurlburt and Mr. Charles Fox were engaged in skim- visited Portland the other day, that being the place heavenly body for practical purposes by altitude and Bavendarm, having been exhumed, Drs. Finnell, Far Capt. Flood then gave "The Press," and after *"J>gandstrainingmilk. ThefluidstruckMiss9uri- wherehetervedhisapprenticeshipasaprinter. He zeniththatisonemillionofmilesdistancefromthe gusoh,Edwards,Beach,andWeltje,yesterdaymade cheersforthe proprietorsof theWestchester,the burt on her aide, tearing her apron into sheds, passing was in The Argus office under General Todd more •e a r t h . . ' V • • " • . , ' '•-•••• « . an examination of it. It will be recollected that Mary Company adjourned to Niblo's Theater, at the special-\£hrougb her dress—moiring one of her hoops—to her than thirty years ago.. Soon after he w a s free he en- The simple fact is that the earth cannot give a^suffi- O'Brien stated that the accused killed the deceased by invitation of Mr. Nixon. In the evening the Emmets,*3>, thence down h»* leg, tearing Herstocknig on one tered a Catholic College in Ohio, and ham~ ever since cient base line for an altitude that would subtend heating him wife a club, while the Coroner's investiga- in company with the Board of Officers of the Sixty- 500,000 miles, or even a quarter of a million o f miles. Ninth Regiment, visited Wallack's Theater to witness• [Advettikoment}^ ^ ^ aray..in this instance tbcro ia undoubtedly a bona fido match... ITot^EditorofTheif.Y.THbuM. Jmi;•»1——quest ©f the 1st and LTd Cvngreeeional District©of IIIt- ncia,- hifif ooeserled to accept the' Bepnbfieaa nomina- tion ier I^ie*e»«»«^<>vernor. H e mjfzcached the heel, vben it entirely destroyed that por-tionof herhofe.and rent her>hoe into numberless isnotde&dinMobile It has beeninstrumental in pieces. Strange to say, the lady escaped with com- settliibg'a great and grave question. Ichas secu^-ed t'awi measuring distances by proportions, as iu matbe- mants, or bv angles and planes. ' • h fei, — ( > . ; , • •<wbeen used, and the Jury found that death was the re-sult ' of a rupture of one of the vessels of the heart.After malting the exaininationof the body yesterday,«rs will visit the PuWic Institutions and CeaWCOMMISSIONER* O> EKKmATioN.-~A regular meet- ing of &is Board was held at Castle Garden yesterdafimpulsetothealreadyactiveexertionsoftheRepubli-Perkins of Ohio was. a wealthy person, some 10 yearsattach to the master.''-, . ,:~.—The New-York correspondent of The Mobile Refr annual tour of inap^ectim. Before his return to Head- trie Chicago Theater) under the management of Mr.'.. ithe telegraphic dispatch which statedthe number ofpeople at the Douglas meeting m that place on the 26th nit., to be 3,000, would have been quite right if it had contented itself with two ciphers instead of three. H e says there were not at any one time a thousand per- sons on the ground, including men, women, and chil- dxeo, and that the Douglas party could not have in-cluded more than three hundredat themostliberal computation.subscription which w a s opened in favor;'of: the young orphan, and in which the Pope and several foreign sovereigns took part, will give the lady a marriageportion of 50,000 francs.—" W e are informed," says the Opinion" that the Venetian refugees at Florence are about to found a journal, the Venezia, for the defense of theircame,M.Alvisitobechiefeditor."—Mrs. Joanna Betbune, the widow of the late Divie Bethune, and the mother of the Rev. G. W . Bethune, D. D.,died on Saturday afternoon, at theageof92the nucleus.Although the * above results must be, in the main,heaviestsoldatlessthanthat. At4o'clocktherewas very tittle prospect that all would be sold.For the beat Jay/ singirg an entire piece of music. .Silver Medal. For the moat rare and beautiful Bird. .Silver Medal. Forthe best collection of living Inaectiverotuu<rU«) of Tommy, with a pair of glovesin one hand and a chiuss-' '*.*'quont inscription appear in MtAt*. Mr. Brady said: P«jn<sa-. ally (though he was a number of the Committee), be know nothing of its oxpon dittm«." Lot the corner stone b* laid wfOx fit ceremony by the Tammany Society, and the Mesons. LelsosW be asked to provide a brass or copper piato to bo msorted tborusn with the words simply: " No Itoms—Annus MirabUis, M6Q.>*A FRIEND OF THE THIRTEEN.WHAT'S is A NAM,E ?—The Commandant of thm TwentiethWard Battalion, in deploring tholukewamtoosaof Rofublicans,withregardtotheRail-splittingmovonaeot.attrib- i utesIttothenunieradopted. Now,Iventuretosayhrtwould\" X^dHire *or ^ a v e i l «od«f»tood, tha* I do! not wis i paratively little injury. She was, of c urse, rendered the Southern man the right to "wallop his own' ntg- to tnteriere with the action of the Stae Com-ui tae, senseless, but only for a short time. The only percep- <K?rs." It appears that a slave, the p operty of oneNAVAL INTELLIGENCE.^v v^tl e above 'physicians * made a long report to CoronerJackman, in which they state that they can find no afternoon, when it was reported that about &0 P*"#**kavBJg »twith themeither to coraider my former letter tible effect, she say8, is a black line down thelioth at&3BS&&* wHhdiawn and toftetmE •h*ir call for aState Conventicn, or to allow said Convention to con- and a slight lameness. Young Fox, standing abou*Din*«, was found d»iving;'a Cabafter nihe o'clock in themarks of violence whatever. The skull was perfectly sick witiithesMp-fever bad l>eenlanded.at thatpojat. -—A daring feat was Bone about a week ago on theforaseriesofjoint d&ctt*6i<>nsonpoltdcs,and34ap- Erie andCanandaigua branchoftheNew-York.and. tokeepthevehicle^going^till.midnight;,':gmng;hirna intimefortheSusquehanna.,;.i., » ;•• R ARREST FORFORGERT.—Ayousg man named Free-manSaunders,whosaysheisaprinterbytrade,w«* 1i arrested on Tuesday evening Charged with forgery. EBhu G. Tucker, the paying teller of the ButcheaTand Drorers' Bank> appearei yesterday before Justice Quackenbusb, and charged' the prisoner with having' presentedforpaymentacheckpurportingtobedrawn inhis favorby J.E.Miller, a coaldealer atNov €9 Wooeter,8treet. Thecheckprovedtobeaforge<lone,the31st,nit.tothe19thofOctoberMillport,when he observed a child'playing..on the whodecides.that thehegrpWas.improperly sentenced atonceprepared foractive squadron duty. She is a releasedto-day.X'.Oi' '(y:-'y0f'!J.'.j-i;:--}*—The Bepnblicanmeetingso ft h e .pastweek' at.track."labead of his train. He immediately whistled to be beaten, incidtntally giving, some dicta which first-claes sailing corvettej:,726 tuns burden, and will ^for the brakes, but, on Buch a heavy grade, and .in so throw light upon the rights Of the master of slates:'' ha?* on board 24 heavy:guns and 300 officers and men.,••:•cans. ago. H e entered into a partnership with John Brownand established a commission house i n Springfield,—The SteubenvUle (O.) L'wion, a Breckinridge pa- Mass., for the purchase and sale of wool on commis-lineCorps,CoLJohn HaxrM^^is,alsi)v'in.town,onhis' o^^^^^)fyyix:^wv^ theWest. They^^firstvisitMre«»»eesSberdenScFosterasyouHaveTrydto N. Y.,letPerkins&Brownhavealargequantity BetraytheDimocratePartyasfarasyourlittleinfla;;•FIRES:;' ;; '•• tdoneit. Ispeakfromexperience.TJnE TROT TO-IMV. ,To On Editor of The N. Y. TrOune,M.•/*'•. ••)••'anceGoes6cGodknoaesitisalittleIranyouyour Papers w e dont want Know such a filthy sheet in tbis comwmitysindmetheBalofmyBtl& will youoff andBedonewithyouinanyshapewhatever.ofwool,uponwhichP.andB.madead.vaucea; the price of wool soon went down, and P . & B . claimed that they had advanced to Mr. W . some $5,000 more- ,—tyXer.KaskviUe Union and American says:'* The Bolvtkxr (Tenn.| Democrat comes to us tbis week with the Breckinridge instead of the Douglasflag flying at its' mascbead. The former editor an- nouneee that be has retired from the political depart- mentofthepaper,whichhehasplaceointhehandsof IxmieiJdC. Brown, est}., doriog the campaign. Tons have two Democratic pajpers deserted Mr. Douglas since his nomination, leaving only three to advocate his election, while twenty-five advocate the election ofbrought suit against Mr. Warren for the alleged over-plus advanced; Mr. Warren set up for the. answerthat he sold the wool outright to plaintiffs and that- it when w e returned, I. found it still burning.' The billan incendiary. '; ",-{,• . '.'. \:-: .•,-. ,'.,,• . FIRE IN MNETY-'NINTH STREET.in the office for weeks, through the negligence or in- says that the * W between <h-orcn M. Patched and Flora tonUs/Mr. Breckinridge.''.—The Peterfburg (V&.) Intelligencer inthefollowir>ghurstof exhortation:iindulges itself -NOTE FROM MR. G. P . BOND.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune^ - \ 'Sir: The following is an outline of the path described by the great meteorita of the 20th inst., a s derived from observations made in various sections of the country: It first became visible in the region of the great lakes, pursuingacourseE.S E.from thenorthernpartof Michigan, in a straight line over Lake Huron, Canada West, Lake Erie, South-WeBtern New-Yore, the North-Eastern part of Pennsylvania. South-Eaitorn' New-York, the south-west, corner of Connecticut,aiticlooftheJKbinst,object*tothetermquadrSUottth. "EMm-'' emann marks his dilution* 100, 10000, 1,000000, &«., up to t h e < ' i decillionth, and higher. , H e poUmtir.os bia dlltttiotts b y t w o • ;n* shakeo of each of the aeveral vials owedin oonductlos;tho pro*Ctm. Of the30th,ordecUlionih dilution, it is m-it-ofld^n*. UMAa docillio'n drbpa vrould theoretically contain but a tojagie oo« aCthe original medicine.J.CADY. • than the value'of the wool they had of him';. theyshe, 'the day we left New-York, I had to go back to' the house for some article I had forgot. The window sLuttfrs were fastened; I lit the gas; the other dar ,Damage slight.. Supposed to have been the work of and letters, though frequently called for, are delayed SIR: Mr. McMann, the trainer of Flora Temple,was hot a sale on commission. Tne suit was com- mencedin1850byJ.WhippleJenkins,thenofVer- non, attorney for Perkins & Brown; Timothy Jen- kins was the counsel; the ca»e w a s referred to Judge Dean; the trial of the case occupied thirty-seven days; the referee reported in favor of the plaintiffs, and the defendant appealed. During the pendency of this ap- peal,andwhichhasnot yet beenargued,Perkinshas failed, and his assignee w a s substituted in his stead; J. W.. Jenkins died, and Ralph Mcintosh of Vernon is substituted as attorney. John .Brown is dead, and another party is substituted in his *tead; the defendant. Warren is dead, and another party is substituted in his place;. Timothy Jenkins, the counsel, is dead, and Por- ter and Cagger of Albany are substituted as counsel inwas paid, for a steady gas flame had been burning forAt 11 o'clock Tuesday night a stable in Ninety-ninthstreet, near the Ninth avenue, owned' b y William B .Waring, was, with its contents, entirely consumed.LOHSabout$300. Thefireissupposedtohavebeen Boardyesterdayafternoon,aresolutionwasadopted the work of design. .' ,u How anxionsly the eyes of thousands and hun-dreds o f thousands o f substantial, honest, patrioticUnionises throughout the length and breadth of theland are gazing upon the great and gallant State of2»oith Carolina at this time, looking at HKR LKADER-SHIT m this, the darkest aua most perilous hour of ournational existence! H o w earnestly at many hearts,,throbbitg'with pure and deep devotion to the peaceand proeperity, honor a n d happiness, o f ourjrloriousUNITXD STATIC, yearn to see the old North State Ins stead. The cost thus far is over $3,000, and it is Long Island Sound, and Long Ifland. It was seena bed quilt.'m$miDamage, to furniture $100, and to build-seise on -Thtureday next the banner of our country, 3ACRXD with its glorious memories, and hold it firm and high,above the reach of the demagogue*, the Ad- minis radon adherents, the fanaries and the disunion- ista who curse, and will soon, most probably, damn thesaid that defendant's estate, once worth some $20,000, is worthless, and that the bail, which the law practice required bim to give, is supposed to have become worthless also. On the whole, the case is one of the300 or 400miles out at sea, and probably passed on., to reeume ns path in the solar system, undoubtedly a good deal disturbed from its original orbit by the earth'squite overstocked with that sort—the total number at all the markets footing up 5,122 head, which is at leastprevalence of the cattle disease in neighboring States'A TYCOON TOWEK. To the Editor of The K. Y. Tribwie.W. W. D-libertyguaranteedbyourConstitutionalCuou! Con- mostprotractedandmostcuriousthat hasbeenbefore attractionandtheresistanceofftredbyitsatmosphere.JIIKDH.For the b«rt collection of BirdB, with the'finestS m : I would suggest to my feUow-citizcns the.erec- tion of a monument to perpotuato U»e deed* of Uie patriotlo tfctr- teen. The mound of dirt at the corner of Seooed avenue 'aaA." * Tenth street is an opportono spot, andtheBotgic «tono» attbo corners will answer to erect it—tho paving having beeo-bsdeOinitely postponed. Let us havo a Tycoon Tower, 105,000 feet high, with bas-reliefs of oval ahapo, containing Uk.«mct*o»oV liooi*>servative, thinking patriots of North Carolina disao- point not the hopes that rest upon your conduct on Thursday next,rbut rally a s one man t o the support o f your nobteand gifted son John PooL"the Courts in a long time.. .iIts nearest approach to our. globe w a s within 35 milee; it was atthis elevation, nearly when orossing the Hudson, 45miles in. an air-line from New-Tork.plumage.. • Silver Plato, $15. For tbe beat Mocking Bird,>lnglng during the ex-—A correepoodent in Seneca Falls writes to say that young Captain of Infantry in the French army. Thediameter was one-fourth of a mile, including the bright-est portion of the luminous. atmosphere surrounding;:;;: •': " -: ''•./•'''- *??•;• ';'-v' ''"""njuaic....................'.•••-,•»•........-..-..-•.ouvorSH.WXMX» Brady,Smith,Cornel!;1and Company, 'LefihW'apexhstveai*)ac>'—A marriage-is about to take place between Made moiselle Trochu, the descendant of Racine, and ahibition.^:...i.w............'..:. ..Large Silver Modal. For the beat long-breed Canary. SUwur Med&L For the be«t Robin, singing during the exhibition. .Silrer Medal.Both are points of much astronomical interest. velocitybeiogknown,andthefactestablishedthatthe Wide-AwakeClub. Sixty-threenameswereatonce years. ShewasofScotchparents,thoughborninthis bodyhadescapedcontacswiththeearth,wehaveall—The young men of Catekfll held a meeting on Mondayevening,andformed a Lincoln and Hamlinenrolled. J.A.CookewaschosenPresident,and Ward D. Gunn, Corresponding Secretary.PERSONAL,—Amongtherecentanimalsfrom Havanaisthatof Seuor D o n Antonio Mantilla, t h e Civil Governor o f that city, and formerly Civil Governor of the Province of Cadiz. Hi s appointment t o the first-named position wasibtorx-yinstanceformanyyearswhereacivilian had bees selected for the place, and the nomination by the Captain-General, and confirmation by the Home Government, is supposed to show a determination to have civST offices filled b y civilians. Senior MantillacomestotheUnitedStatesforthebenefitofhishealth, and also to make himself familiar with our principal in- stitutions* H e is accompanied by the Brigadier-Gene- ral of the Spanish Navy and the Major-General of the Army.—The Rev. Dr. Pomroy, late of the American Board, is giving his recoSectioas of the Holy Land in lectures in Maine:—Mr. Jonathan Phillips, whose death in Boston w a sreported bythe telegraph,was one ofthe most re-spected old residents of that city. H e w a s born in1778, and was for many years in business asa mer-country. ShewasattheheadoftheNew-YorkOr- tbedatanecessaryforascNriaining itsorbitwith'SilverPlate,$23. notcon*idcrthatasufficientre<i»onforrefusing,tojoin,ithito- ^ Silver Plate, $10.Silver Medal. self, nor have I y e t seen one person who does. A s to the matter ofnamestherewill bepreferences. ThenameofRa/1spUttes* DIKD oi;jHis Wouw.ps.:—HenryPasbler,,theGer- wasadoptedinthbtdrywithgreatunanimity, andas)this'Isin-tended as a popubur movement, tho' popular Voice should deter- ' man who waa;,0tabbed on Sunday evening by Adam mine the name. It is the opinion «£ many competentchant. Hewasaverywarmintimatepersonalfriend posetovisithimatHavanainOctober. Thesaneof the late Rev. William EBery Charming, D . D . , and writer says that George Sanders and ex-Governorsome of the writings of the latter on the Slavery ques- Walker did indeed think of establishing a dailytion were addressed t o Mr. PniBips. The last time h e Douglas paper, but that the expense deterred them9h. 10m. the moon left the suns lower'limb, the sun's altitude 48°, it being juet two hours in passing over five digit's of she sun's northern limb (or hemi-EXCISE.—Persons to whom licenses have been would do all in their power to render their visit agree- granted whose surnames commence with C. or D., are able.' :'•_"•]at the meeting in Faneuil Hall, called on account ofthe murder of Lovejoy at Alton, DL, in 1837. H etook an interest in all the great religious and philo-sophical movements which characterize our times, and,whilehispublicbenefactionsweregenerous,hisprivate wentoff,takinghimwith it,buthavingnocarorbal- munificence is known to have been great for manytook the suns meridian altitude, 70° lO'. The sun's office to-day. • / , declinationnorthwas20°54'. ThisbeingVdedtothezenith distance, 19° 44'—declination, 20° 54'—40° 42/. This is tbe true latitude of the City Hall New-York;tary broke into column and inarched out of the Park, honoringhisExcellency,astheypassed,withthe marching salute.BLASTING ACCIDKNXS.-—On Tu«eday afternoon Jae. McGrath, a laborer engaged in blastingat the new Crotou Reaeo voir,wasstruckin theface by aheavy piece ofrock,andbad both h i s jaw-bones broken. Another accident ocoorred fVem blasting at the same place trtHWoter in the afternoon. wn**es>v •years. H e was the largest contributor in Boston in aidoftheArcticExpeditionwhichhasjustleftourleersofNew-York,characterizingthemasthemost Lent,pfNo. 18Ashlandplace,allegesthatJohntookthoprop< iropor-noble-hearted fellows in the United States. He'wished ty from his stable, and, after having used lha animal, loUbimto God that all the military men in the Union were Hke another'stable without notifying him-them. Inconcludinghisremarks, hegaveasasenti- BoimiNOADRCNKENMAN.—SamuelLiasher,after-ment,"TheIrishFusileersof'New-York." Capt. man.whohasbeonareceivinsjreservoir(orrivenoflagerbeerPublic Library. ,—It is reported by those who take pride in knowingearth.H e was chasing it at the latest accounts.THE BOARD OF EDUCATION.—No quorum being present last evening, the meeting of r>e Board standsyears after h e changed t o The Boston Evening Post, and it soon became the most popular of t t e Boston newspapers. It was conducted by himand his two sons, Thomas and Jocn, who succeeded him, till the 24th of April. 1775, when it was discontinued. The other branches of the business were continued by his successors until 1808. In 1744, Thomas Fleet pur- chased the eetate at the northerly corner of Washing-ton and Water streets, and from that place The ing Post was issued for upward of 30 years.are also desirable. •..,Thequestionwhetherthe meteor was finally con- sumed inthe atmosphere, or passed outof it. will be best decidedbyitsappearanceatseafromvesselstwo or three hundred miles to the eastward of New-York.escort of their, hosts, paraded through Broadway and other streets to the Park, where both companies were received by his BsEoellericy the Mayor and members of the Common Council. CoL Corcoran, of the Sixty- ninth, ex-CoL Doheny, of the Sixty-ninth, Iieut.-CoLNew York, July30,19fi0. . '_ .-, ,'.,-. ,. . ...-., ' • ' •-.,'-.:PotrcKMAN WANTKD.—On the night of tbe Fourtbof July, Taenia* O'Reilly, white walking In the Bowory, aoW- Houston street, stepped upon an insecure vault-cover, and f.Jling, '•• received injuries which subsequently provod fataL A t the timoa policeman, whoso name and ntunber ore unknown, rendered '-•—The New-York correspondent of Thephia Press says there is no truth in the report that some of the personal friends of Isaac V. Fowler pro-District Republican Campaign Club this evening, at their headquarters, corner of Murray street and Col-—Mr. Wilson, an aeronaut, w a s preparing for a bal- loon ascension on Saturday afternoon from Harris- burgh, P a . H e w a s seated in the netiing, adjusting hisapparatus,when,bysomemischance,theballoonTHE CROTON DEPARTMENT.—Proposals for building sewers were opened yesterday, and awards made as'National*,correct, the difficulty of reconciling the accounts of different observers is sufficient proof that they are open to future improvement; especially, as regards the velocity, and the fact of the meteorite having left thelimitsof ouratmosphere andpursued i(s~course itdefbitely bejbnd. , 1Blrda,'properly named. . ' . . . — .....Large Silver Medal. The a x of decapitation has commenced to fall on For the bert collection of prepared InteotiverouaDouglas office-holders in the Post-Office. Yesterday,' Birds, properly named. .Silver MedaL •••'." •'AQUATIC PUUTTS AND-FIBK."Andr6 Froment, esq., Superintendent of Stamped To be brought in on Monday, Sept. 21. Aquaria, will be pro-Envelopes for the past' seven years,' wasi'removed on a vided for the& reception.Forthe beat collection of Aquatic Plant*....Large Silver MedaLstimmary notice only received that morning. No Forthesecondbest.....................................Xtfplonia.t£&. ?• NEW-YORK Dreference tothe sun. Tbe amouutof its motion; dimin- ished by the part due to the orbital motion of the earth, gives a period of revolution considerably less than a year .Those whohavehad an opportunityof witnessing years. H e r grandfather w a s Thomas Fleet, w h o an occultation of either of the brighter stars in its pathForthe second beatFor the beat live Spanish Mackerel....:.....'.'phan Society from the date of its foundation, and was. also among the first to establish Sunday and infant schools in this ciiy.—The last member of a noted family died in Boston•the other day. This was Miss AnnFleet, aged89Hie! offenseissaidtobehavingsignedthe call forthe Jejer,Jlfel^ercojmer of Third avenue andAvenueA, thatthe prefectbiggihgis but the natural resultofthepottoycame from England to Boston in 1712, and soon afterestablished himself as a printer in" Pnddirjg-lane,"nowDevonahirestreet..Hewasthesupposedauthorof the celebrated ".Mother Goose's Melodies." Inwould do well to communicate their notes to somequarter where they will be accesrible for scientificobjects. Twoinstancesofthekindhavecometomy "economy." Itisnotalittleremarkablethatthe questwillbeheldon;thebodyto-day.••,, tliatistme,thecompaniesthroughoutthecityshouldhavo«. reprenentative head, so that they may act in concert, and whoss occasion requires parade aD together. It strikes me if a meeting1733, Fleet became proprietor and publisher of.a news-paper called The Weekly Rehearsal, which name two other reliable standard, of tho exact time of visibility,o'clock yesterday morning, the Guards assembled atthe Eagle Drill-Rooms, in Prince street, where theywerereceivedbyCompanyAoftheSixty-ninthRegi- wouldresultinalarge'increaseinnumbersandusefulness. But it i s obvious that until a practical plan of organization ik adopted,ment. After some little delay, the visitors, under it matters little what tho name may be. RAILSPJLITTER.•Even- Philadel-'Let every Republican of the District be ,Nugent, and other military men, were present andparticipatedin*thereview. HisExcellency briefly theinjuredmansomaassistance. IfthatofficerwillImmediate-lastofanysort. Itrosetoagreat bight, andtheex-citement and anxiety of those on the earth were from Greenwich, the true distance being 3,000 miles,Dellyrn back-drfver, w«» en Tuesday locked up by Justice ftus^koabosfo, of New-Haven highly complimented the Irish Fusi- to snMwer*^<>mpbdnt for stealing a horse and wagoo. Cbhaorifo'»extreme. 1*. turned out, however, that the aeronaut which furnishes a base and. hyposhenuse for a' correct ibores. His recent donation of a chime of bells to the succeeded in getting control of his machine, and, calculation of the sun's distance from the earth, or at•Ireligious society with which he was long connected, {theRev.Dr.Gansett's) 'afreshinpublicremem- brance. Hecontributed$10,000towardtheerectionof the Music Hall, and also gave $10,000 to the Bostonthough his position was for some time fearfully peril- ous,hemadealandinginClarionCounty,nearButler, sustaining nomaterial injuryhimself,butlosinghis balloon, which escaped from" him when he reached theleast an approximation to a great principle not yet set- tledinrelationtothedistancesofvhe'heavenlybodies. Atableoffactsaretheseonatrigonometricalscale; firsttr>esun'sdeclination northwas 20°54', andi.he moon's 21° 5& north, making the moon about 66,000 miles north of the sun and moon's geocentric range2 so that the cause of the eclipse is purely a mechanicalFloodrespondedbriefly,andIn^HyeulogizedtheEm- met Guard of New-Have». placing them ahead of the Zouaves and Savannah Blues, because the latter had been fostered by a kindly feeling in their own 8tate,fortwoorthroeweekspast,complainsthatbewasrobbedots>TS while sleeping in his room, at No. 205 Houston strsot. H e U positive that a very taU drinking companion named Geo. Halt. tng, 100k his money, and be therefore coosed the.arT«st of t W suspected individual. Justice feteers committed the pcisvoJWto-'answer. ' , '•T h u r s t o n w a s c o m m i t t e d t o a n s w e r b y J u s t i c e Q u a c k e o b u s n .m i <A CrrrtD Kn.LED.--Henry Winklesett, five year* of nice, whose parents reside at No. 596 Water street. WS*4B>- ttsni'ly crushed to. death yesterday by a hogshead of sugar wtt-• -.'.Si.i1•-'—The habeas corpus, that bulwark of oit liberiie*,sound; arid the brain in good condition. Thefactsre- veo^sndtomakeachoiceamongthecandidatesbe- tenfeetfromMissHurlburtVwas.hethinks,hitbya forthisviolationofthe.cityordinance. Thereupon *>malld.tachmentofsailors,arrived'horeadayortwo. gardingGustarinb'sdeathappeartobethathewas« « J *Ywmevening, and y^^4^^t^3^^^j^^w^j^^^: che habeas corpus was taken cut- by the owner of theproperty, and the case was called before a certain Judge Rapier, a sharp man. It appeared that the pe^ titioner, greedy forgain; bad directed his negrodriverpoiDtment^havebeenmade,coveringalargeportion ErieBailroad,byJohnJ.Delauoey,engineerofa writtenpermissiontostayout. Thefollowingisthe IncompliancewiththerecentlyIssuedorderofthe portofthephysicians,theCoronerstatedthathecould oftbej§tt&»,a»£oxkndiogoyeraperiodoftimefrom tra-n."Hewrascomingdowna53^footgrade,near verybrilliantandconvinoingsummingnpoftheJudge, NavyDepaithieht,theslobp^of-warSayanhahwillbe donothing'more,andBavendarmwilljprdbablybeforethem."—JT, C. Allen, the, Dooglaa candidate for Governor of lilinc'is, has accepted tte proposition of Ri ihard Tatee, the Bepnblican candidate for the same office,ball of fire on the hip, on the opposite side from whers Miss Hurlburt was standmg;.;he was knocked down, but recovered ina very short time.'since from Norfolk. . '"';,;• ••'-,;•.; ,'"j'^ ;'•;:,'i-;';.;'"] j iThe discharged crew of the Macedonian sloop are coming on in odds and ends from. Portsmouth. They are trying hard to get rid of their money in order to besuddenly taken sick in the room of Bavendarm's house occripied by Mary O'Brien, and that when it was evi- dent that-he was dying, the accused assisted to place bimj in the street, whore he was found, for fear of troubleifhediedinbishouse. Afterhearingthere-••. T H E HEENAN thronginattendancenumberedmanytooos-uida,and underthesecircurjpBtancee,sanctionedbylaw?Ithink ; Wood-aweekfromMonday,arenearlycomplete. OaSt. Loois, oondaded on Batnrday evening, with aTESTIMONIAL.-^-The preparations forbrilliantdemonstrationattheSonlirdMarket.The ifrhoTt.adistance,itwaii.ofno.use.Hemadeuphis "Waa;theorder,for.ihopunishmentoftheslave, ThenewMediterraneansquadronistobethusconsti- thisgrandfestival,whichwilltakeplaceatJones'sknowledge, in which the planet Mars was occulted by the meteor. Observations by a watch,,or by someofficer to whom Mr. Froment's business is transferred i« one in whose department Postmaster D i x discov- ered errors of a very grave nature, involving the waste of much public money.THE N E W COUNTY JAIL.—James Diven was the lowest bidder for the carpenter work, at $3,500, and Robert Foster for the mason work, at $31,500. .PUBLIC HEAL TH.—The health of the city is good for the season, aridbut very few vessels have thus far been detained at quarantine.••Gen. James W . Nye will address the 1st AssemblyTHKEMMKTGUARDS or' NKW- H AVEV.—At10] wore got upon the plan suggestod in tho edit«riaJ oolnmnsof TttxTKiHCMXthis morning, in which tho young men aieoady -M identified with the movement would actively participate, i tObiervatoryof HarvardO. P. BOND. College, July 30, 1860.ASTRONOMY—THE LATE Toih*Editor of Th*W. Y. Tribune.ECLIPSE.SIR: I have observed the late eclipse of the sun.July 18, at7h. 10m., a m,,'the first contact of the moonon the sun supper limb; the sun's altitude 26°. Myplace of observation, lat 40°42^, Ion. 74°, west of Greenwich,or4h.56m. Atthismomentthesunhad present. passed the meridian of Greenwich six minutes, and ataddressed Capt. Cahill, of the Emmet Guards, remark- ing that he was glad to see the military spirit evinced by our sister State, Connecticut. H e was proud to welcometheGuards,.'andhefeltassuredthatthe members of the Sixty-ninth, whose guests,they were,ly report himsUf at Headquarters to inspector Carpenter, h e w£L confer a grtat favor upon tho distressed widow of t h e dooeaaods • •->'.PAWWIWO CtoTHJcs.—Elixabeth Frazerwasarreetifrwon Tuetday, charged with having pawned a quantity ot olotklns; * thatdidnotbelongtoher.ItappearsthatPoterCrawWyob- tained from the proprlotors of the clotbhtingjatoce No.*9CoatJ^ .. landt street, a quantity of (tfooads to make upT. While doing so ho suddenly died, whereupon Elizabeth took ctarge of tbe clothing.and finally pawned it for hex own benefit. The property was re- covered, sad Elizabeth wa» locked up to an*e-or by Jnatioa- > Quackenbush.took a personal part in public matters was to preside from going on. • •. sphere); and at the City Hi.ll, New-York at noon, I requested tocall for their licences at Mr. Haskett's Capt. Cahill briefly replied, after, which the mili-—Mrs. Burdell Cunningham w a s married in SaneverythiDg of the sort that Mr. Gladstone is to retire Francisco on the 16th of June last. Tlte Golden Era, cectesiyfor its being a partial one; for if the declina adjourned till the first Wednesday in September, while the Emmets were the victims of bigotry. Hefrom the Kugli&h Govrrnment. Tnis movement will becausedpartlybyillnees,chieflybydisgustatthe nameofthehappyindividual; imbecile fefiure lately made of the attempt to resist thea g g r e s s i o n o f t h e H o u s e o f L o r d s o n t h e q u e s t i o n o ftaking off the paper duny.Eighteen members only responded at the call of the roll—fivelessthanthenumberrequisiteto.forma quorum.• .THE STABBING A T JONES'S WOOD.-Coroner Jack-man yesterday concJuded the inquest-en the body of John Spriging, the young man who came to his deathhoped they would continue to increase iu numbers arid--Phaletvwho-tried to murder his wife at Schagbti- eoke a few days ago, and who remained under the im- pwseicnthathehadindeedkilledher,thoughatthelatest accounts she was still living, h*s made a con- fession, which hasbeen writUn outfrom hwown words. It shows that his crime was longcontem- plated,andconnnitted with a strange deliberation of purpose.Capt. Cahill, in responding, disclaimed the compli ment of Capt. Flood, that his Company was second toHis next move was into the public meetingsofhis —A habeai corpus case is nowontrialintheSu- church. Then he begantopreachontheSabba*.hat premeCourtofBostontoderidethecustodyofaboy hisfather'shouse,hisparentsdecliningtoallowhimtopraovioe, would do well to h»ve a oarefB|ly propared PM«]SHO- Legislative Committee,- and challenged the^Capfaun^ powers t o tils bo*t advantage; to overcome difficulties and .which publishes the announcement, does not give the— A w r i t e r i n a N e w - O r l e a n s p a p e r g i v e s s o m e minute and most edifying particulars touching the life, character, and habits of a " b o y preacher," one of those unwholesome specimens of immaturity of which there are eev#ral now eitant, This minor " vessel" is. in his fourteenth year. About two years ago he was received into the Church, and at once began to expound the scriptures according toBenson, Clark, and Wesley, for the benefit of his father's servants,the place of his residence being Clinton, Louisiana.existing against them in their own State. In conclud- i n g , h e p r o p o s e d a s a s e n t i m e n t , " T h e E m m e t G u a r d of New-Haven," and called up his men to give them a volley of cheers.of Baltimore and his wife (now divorcad), Mrs. Eliza- pulpit, though he was often requested so to do. It is south is 23° 27' 30"; while the moon makes a northernbethF.Thorndiko..ThepartJas,whoarebothwealthy, statedasarii-gularfactthat"hisappearanceisthatof andasoutherndeclination27°or3£°morenorth- -have Kved separate since shortly after the birth of the the merest boy," and he never does anything wichout ern and. southern declination than the sun. If thiswithout malicious intent." Thereupon the Coroner banded, although the Emmet Guards were disbanded The following two P A TENTS tor SALE by AKI>R* becausetheywereforeigners. Thusitwasshown SA*AT!XK atTMSpringst.:BbacxFninroHV*OKI»K,stsitabU,thoabovedapotthoseVarnUhesareofleredattheloss)prioes•ft he was a native American; but he suffered with the 30 cents a bottle. Military Aeooatromonts i*n*wod •* * 1 a * A .rest, and was still with them.. [Chseral •' a Ayoiee^-"Andwillbeagain.please God." < (Advertlsemontl t&fifa . L . He -wiabed it to be understood that the Company didGuetarino,whowasallegedtohavebeenmurderedat notaimtobethebeauideal,bottodotheirduty SpFANCY CUTLERY, ombracmgalarge»ane*»>-of nSiplopraUtmteerns's, mPean'anodf wPhocickhet-bkanrievenseovfertilbeemenostbreaforereahnd Vauti-•chad. ' | ^ a |—On the 21st intt., during a thunder-storm, a strokeboth made the same northern and southern declination). The mafirnetic forces arr the cause of the moon's excess ofdeclinationbypolarattraction,fromwhichmaybea native of this city.THE BAXTER-STREET MURDER.—The body of Juanveideisplacesfromoa*-b*lftoo»sinchapart,untilit beenintheprofessionhethenchose.4Thesearsth*testsofpracticalscieftOShiaB|ffhf|nM tionatUKtiaodid,gQtshow(batanyTfetonothad toopertonr^cee9(thiFl9j«6e*a, Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069To-dayti»****-' '""-£:£tou-Bwas, Moths. Garden laseots. Rats arvf Msoe. r(. ^wasnotthecase,will the.moon,eclipseswould the permission cf his parents. The enthusiastic writer oct-ur at every full and change (if tbe sun and moonalready quoted says: " On last Sabbath I sat under hisrequired the prisoner to give bail to await the action of that the disbandment was leveled at tham because they for varnishing all kinds of Leather, suoh aa Boots, 11amass. Mot- J the Grand Jury. Deceased w a s 17 years of age, and were Irishmen, or the sons of Irishmen. Fof himself, aU; also, F&HKCH POLISH , for parlor and other Furniture. A"ltion of the moon had been 20° 54' north, the same asthe tuD, then the eclipse would have been total fromnecessity. Thesun'saltitudetakenfromtheequatorat this eclipse (or on the 18, July) would have been 69°&, a n d t h e z e n i t h d i s t a u c e 2 0 3 5 4 ' n o r t h . T h i sgives by the sun's alti'ude takenfrom the equator northtbe Btn's distance 1,254 miles, and the sun's altitude onthe north tidt of tbe Bun was as above—70° 16', and aYourrt; B'CRCLAKS.—Hubert Thnraton, aged abooa 18 yeirs, was arrested on Tueeday night, whl'e la the act of discipline, and that they would live down the fealiug breaking into the dweUing-hoaso of aussell T . Cook, N*. 7 Lsmorttneplace. ThereweretwootheryoungmonwithTbaro- ton at tho time of the burglary, but they msnnged to escape.K 0 ,1'! is i&Biwtiamts ar r,ius..a;^>f"WaM I860.fmiodb asecondhowtoproceed. Heranalongtothe not. In my opinion,; ah;d'rd^^GBV;pre'sc^DbgVthe: tuted: M ••:.^:, , .-%.r•.•;•':•.-.>.-vy?t&'iuw i^'. thatoccasionthepursethathasbeencollectedforhim,thecompanyofWide-Awakestnrntdoutwithnearly frontofhisengine,gotdownonthepilot,and,when punishmentofaelay'e,ur»dersu:'hcircumstances,would -'"'•; .•'•''•.'•"•'..•-..,. ' ..Tunnage. andmen. Guns. and!whichamountstoseveral-thousanddollars,will nthourand members. •A large proportion of the aud- withm siaf feet of the unooasciouB child, bounded from be,, BO unreasonable as to have no validity. A slave Flag ship steam-frigate Susquehanna..2,450 400 17; andSaunderswasarretted. The prisoner, siat^tfaa*irace were Germans, enthusiastic for Blur. Ad- the engine,seized the child from certwn,death,and owes..his services andnbedience;tolitis maiiter., A Sttftnagunboat Iroquois.....;.........1,016 .. 190 6 beprerented to him. Seats will bemadefortheac-dresses were made by Frank P . Blair, jr., in English, and by Dr. Doehn, in German.—-Tte Bepnblican Ratification which w a s held at Belleville,Missouri,onSaturdaylast,excelledinnam- bew and enthnaUu-m.everything of the kind previoutdyrolled with it oyer an embankment, safe and unhurt, bartlyclearingtheengineinhisdescent,aiitwent thundering past.—Last week Mr.JohnLaneofTecumseh,Mich;; was superintending the operations of a thrashing-ma-mssier may, by whipping ^rotberiap^prwIe'^nniBh- ment, exact such service and enforce suoh obedience. Sach being;therelationofmasterandslave,ifthe'munidpalanthorities.'maypu^joined bythemaster, thentheieis-rioe^p^f^rtheplave. He ij liable to a whipping fromhis masterforBazee SaTannah...... .................1,736 300 24"890 ~4T Iti»reorethanprobabl*thatanotherkteamer,thoPawneeor, Richmond, will bo added to the above in October next. . - r .'The Engineer-in-Chief oftheUnitedStates Navy and the Chief Naval Constructor have been at the Brooklyn Navy-Yard within the past week; and willcoro'modation of 3,000 ladies; and when,we state that ''Mr.\^^wliL'lSikm)i^<^r^of the arrangements, wehavesaidenoughtoassurethepublicthatallthingswillbewelldone..WATERING-PLACE READINGS.—Mr. Henry Morfordh*receiYedthecheckfromMr,Mffler, andwasto m* bim attbut$6X)of the money', wtich sum; Muierowed him. JusticeQuackenbushoommittedtheaccusedto answerindefaultofbaiLv •••not doing an act, and to one from the corporate author- witneestMi in thai vicinity/ A n immeose procession chine, and, stepping over the cylinder, fell upon the ities f o r doing it; !This cannot: be right. 'ITpoh thesePLfcuRO-PrfXUMO/UA.—A wrrespondent, "writing; from San Antonio, Texas, complains that the redl merits of Homeopathy have not been stated ay recent correspendenta whose letters w e hare ittinted* ?tt,vr>t Aftsr stating, t h e gener»r~*~pri»dpies o f €b0of Tlie Leader is engaged in giving readiugs of an waslc^i^oVhicluding a grandcavalcade, a company feeding-apron, with his" legs against the revolving considerationstheslavewaedscliarged. Ithinkitblun.> doubtless report the condition of matterstothe De- originalpoem at the various watering-places. •His•'of WideAwakes, and banners irmamerable.• The teeth. Bothlegsweregroundoff, andhediedduring, thatifcab-dnviiigbyaslave,after9b'clockatnight,be partrrent,althoughtheirvisitwas.notanofficialone. subjectis"TheDutyofGrumbling."meeting,"whichwasheldhiagrovenearbythecity,was caflted to order by Governor'Koarner, and presidedoverfby"Colonel JarroU Speeches were noade byyrana^Bhxfrjjr.jCarlShnrr, and Mr. ABen, the. Ke-pabhean candidate for elector. The day gave a fresh A civil suit about wool survived his exeoution. Mr. the nature of the institution of Slavery; be made to::• ' f . ' . Jlahnemann school o f medicine, he concludes thust :v*anevil,andifeuch^serriceisrequiredbythemaster, IOnWedne-day^^aBoardofEngineersconvenedatthe :i'.'%-''".*..'...'*,:. '.- the evil can only.be reached by a prohibition against office of Mr. King forthe examination of candidates for V ' •Y'' " '{•:.")'•':': [ •:.'; '•".. • " . ' L "the night.—John Brown hadbeenengagedinliawbefore';.he actsinobedienceto-hismaster,inmatterslegitimatein promotion^; Officers detailedforthe Mediterranean; the master, and not against the slave. Where a slave tried condurions with Virginia,, at Harper's Ferry. themselves, if a responsibility is to attach, it must, fromTHK[ GALE SWTERS.—The;,itwo young ladies who :" ButIdonotwishtoarguethisanestionortotres- pass on your columns, only to see faw pUtyand hav« both sides represented;,and wish onlyfo aay^^eoeK elusion, to farmers or others wl^o (may have cattle M horses! afflicted with pjleuro^pneumonia, when the die- ease first makes its appeaiance',1^^dissolve three drops of • the tincture of aconite in'a'commoa tumbler 'of* water, stirring it up thoroughly, and administer this three ,or four times a day. Try it, and my word for it, yo* wil' see it "attended with benefit. It may be necesiarjr te-ister relates the following: ; '• %" Recently, a gentleman returned'from Europe; hebadbetnabseDtwitn his famHyseven months. Hepaid his gas bill tbe day he left, and the house had no5been opened for seven months, yetfwhen it wa«i thegas man took a return from the meter, and a bill wasmadeoutfor$52.-Mr.Grinnellwent andcomplainedtotheSecretary,relatedthecircumstances,andthreat-enedexpoeureofsuchabarefacedrobbery. Here-fusedtopay/thebilL 'Verywell, Sir.'safdtheSec-retary. Mr. G. went homeand told his wife. ' Pay.it,' saidshe. 'Why so?'s«id he. 'Because,' said the rear ofsome etubles at No. 174 Cherrystreet.seven months.Gas Btock pays a heavy dividend." \COMMISSIONERS OF POLICE.—rAt the meeting of thisTHEMETEOR.FIRE IN WEST THIRTY-EIGHTH STREET. . Atl2J o'clock on Wedneeday morning a fire broke out in the five-story tenement house ^2x0. 262 West Thirty-eighth street, owned by John Mc Iraih, and oc- cupied b y a number o f families.. T h e fire originatedon the second floor, in the premises of Henry Braadt, and was caused by a woman accidentally settmg fire tothat the Commissioners recommend to the Board of Supervisors of the City and County of New-York, for adoption; the plans of Supervisor Little for the House of Detention. The resignation of Patrolman Hoyt of the Twenty-second Precinct was received arid accepted. No other business of importance was transacted.» ;" PLEURO-FKETJMONU Iff A HOUSE. iiSIR: Mr.E.,our homeopathic mathematician, in Us-Its Velocity was about 20 miles a secondTne verticalFor the beat piping Biulnnch, «lnging: an entire For the beat Starling, tinging' an entire piece of[ ,v Silver Modal.The"'pagne bottle in tbe other. On the base of tho towwr* lot tho- olo- MKespeotftally•••>•? .:, ;r HALL COLBY.Tl e officers detached from the Richmond, and awere to apply first.The Commander-in-Chief of the. Uhiied Statea Ma-' at Niblo's, by their grace and elegance as dancers, and'., FIRE IN CHERRY STIIBKT.At 2a o'clock Wednesday morning a fire occurredin. • • • " ' . ' ..- ...',HORTICULTURALhave issued'a'circular announcing an Agricultural and Horiicuitural Fair ait Palace Garden, Fourteenth street, to commence on the 25th day of SeptemberBULL'S HEAD.—The beef-cattle market has run next. The premium list appears to be liberal, and lower this week than at any time before this Summer, will most probably insure an exhibition of unusual for the inferior sorts of bullocks—the market being attraction. W e see no mention of a Cattle Show. Thetot Amay account for this emission. Among the novelties a thousand head ih excess of a fair demand for the first of the premium list are the following:week in August. It will be seen,by the report of themarket that while first-quality .bullocks sold at 9 centsa pound for the net weight of meat and 9£ cents forsome extra fine, that good fair steers for the retail-market butcher were very abundant at 8 cents andthin ones at 6 cents. Doubtless a good many of the ' piece of mmlc.cause of complaint w a s ever found with the departmthtunder his especial charge; andwithinone hourfromthedescent oftbegpiilotineonhisneck,hehadturnedovertohissuccessoralltheassets,effects,For the beat collection of live Fish from privatef! ponds, yot \*m than ten vwieties...... Silver Plato, £25.JFOTthewecondbest.; SilverPlate, $10. For the beat collection of li-re specklecl brookTrout...............^.....................Large SilverMeduL Forthebe»tcollectionoflivesalt-waterFish, 'notloss-'thansixvarieties,andtoweighat•-books,papers,.'andstampsunderhisoxetody. This least2poundseachwill make an ugly feeling in the General Committee of: TarpmanyHall towardtheAdmini«tra.ion."Mr.Fro*mentisamember oftheCommittee,andhasledthe Democracy of the Twenty-first Ward for many years.Douglas ratification meeting, and having coosantedto act as Chairman of the Finance Committee (also Doug- la*). The cause assigned, however, is a plea forwhich has hitherto governed theaffair, it should bo hers/** elsewhere,' independent, and. self-sustaining, with a titorosigls'- and complete organization of i u own. It is said that the cityi*1lege place.. Atnoon, both companies dined at,the Westchester Det mo>lt O'Connor had bo** lbegs broken. Both of tbe iajored andasfactsarenotfictions,wemaylp.kintotbis follows:SewerinSeventeenthstreet,fromEighth HoueC.Speechesweremadsandsongssung,andtheaf- menwereremovedtoB«ihwueHospital.eclipsealit*lefurtherforotherpurposes;andfirstwe ha\ e an altitude of tbe sun 6 minutes past 12 (noon). (2b°). and a base lice 4b. 56m., or 74° west lougitudeavfnueto45feet westofSeventhavenue,toJohnH. McCabe, $2,771 50. Sewer m Thirty-eighth street, fro n Madison avenue to 80 feet west of Fourth avenue, to D. B. Do Forest, $1,051 40. Sewer in Norfolk street, from Broome street to 50 feet north.of Grand street, to John H. McCabe, ,$810 72. Sewer in Franklin street, fromWestBroadwayto30feeteastofHudsonstreet,toRobertJ.Cunningham,$1638.fairpassedoffveryagreeably. Inresponsetothetoast, "The President of the United States," Ahi. Munson«•*•zenith, 19° 44'—which will give a'base line to that ob-servationof1,184miles,thereforeoeingonbothsides inconsequenceofstabsinflictedbyWillit»mSheehan none-. HesaidthattheOrganizationhadbeeneffected CorourrGambleheldaninquestonthebody,whenaveedioto4'of the ?un, and havu-g a description of the facts scien- tiflct.Uy,orrathermechanicullydescribedinacommon sente way, those whose taste or oppqrtuuity, or force of education, has in any way prevented thena from seeingthe beauty of the mechanical lawsand order of the heavenly bodies, and thwr distances, may. from the above, infer the practical causes of eclipses, andthetruedistancesof.all theheavenlybodiesfrom which a zenith distance may be obtained from practicalon Monday evening, while the two were froliclringatJones's Wood. Theevidence showed thatthetworight to bear arms; chance, howevert gave a bigoted mantheofficeof Governor,who believedthattheor-, ~ ' •' • (Advertisement.]. .. . . .•' i/t'iWwith a knife, inflicted b y William Sheehan; but the said they did not wish to interfere. - There were two nineyearsofage,thesonofMr.HenryGardnerRice usurptheplaceoftheregularclergymaninthevillage altitudes. Thesun'smaximumdeclination northand Juryareofopinion that the'saidinjurywasinflicted GermancompaniesintheState,buttheywerenotdis- [Advertisement.]ministry, and have seldom been more edified and de-mum tx- through the ground into the cellar, where Mia* Lois inferred bo<h the size and distance of the moon, and No. 37\ Baxter street; about one year ago, by Richard as men to their country, and to their State as citizens for sale by J. kof lightning passed down the conductor attached to theresioVr.eeofJohnB.Briggs,InPreble,N.Y.,and lightedwithasermon."12iiACNDHUA,No. 7 Aator llouae. & m . . . .young men had been engaged in cutting each, other's ganization was detrimental tothe interestsof theStato,YOUNG LAWYERS andothers, beforeen^rjrnft u&••, »" '•have won golden opinions here duriog the past season;their modest depdrtmentm private life, leave this weekdolence of those ihcharge. .; .!<.>', 'is.a gwanine race, and that there U $f>00 brt upon H. H e stated to tbe writer tbis afternoon that h e in ready and witting t o nt*k« an aul«tarit to tbis effect. I fully agree with ti»e editor of Wilket'x Spirit in his d<-nund<!tion«of " bippodroiao trota," bat,FAIR.—TheAmericanInstitute"••:••••!••:t. -.diedyesterday morning at Bellevue Hospital fromtheeffect ofniiwounds. The aseault was wholly unpro-voked, and the perpetrator isnow in custody. An in- being uo large they cannot all meet together in one plao*. Ifiwrufxiu him at the comor of Montgomery and WaterstrssSq. to support a principle. wnich gave every citizen the J ••Accidental death" was rendered.coats, but did not show that there was auger or ill- and therefore disbanded them without assigning anyfeeling on tbe part of either. The case hayiag^ been cause therefor. He (Capt. Cahill) went before the WHJICAI. C»AMT,ffom which they rnayloartfhow to direct tboirtiventw, andtounderstandexactlythesphereorpW*>mlife ih*y General (the Governor) to showcausefortheirdis- can best till. Fowuta tc WSXLS, No. u<8 Broodwaf;, sHv*submittedtotheJury,theyfoundthefollowingverdict:"ThatJohnejpringingcametohisdeathfromawound bandment. This hecouldnotdo,andtheCommittee Chartswithfullwrittendosoriptionsofcharacter,dally.One bad died in the Garden. Most of tbe I * ^ arrivedbytheshipCynosure,from Liverpool.the weekly statement it appears that 60,553 emigrant* had arrived at tbis port since the 1st of JyTM****"- To « m e date last year, 46,978. 'Aggregate recetag, $184,04853. Disbunwmentswidoverdraft,rBalance in bank, $19,28176.follow the aconite with bryonia or phosphorus." This wfll cure the majority of cases, or at least has.. A •?•'••-'JRKYNARI> A CO.,*•.jQTORSK, PATa»TUovssw«xraa'«Rii'Usv.i. >/:-,; •,.„-J-•-*.•< lNI>AX.UMlJtI?C»MCTPOV>ai»,-•.r••••" -> • www.fultonhistory.comm^m^tl 