 •,: i• •are much exercu-ed at the growing power of the United StateB. TMJ AB « U O K U U H B Hi * » St T 'A\ KIKOR AN*/ PWOTURTOK.tut*.The case of Nathaniel Gordon, Vm. Warren and of the United States, ought tn pond*r w»U bowafcaaV" v ERNES AMKMT.nated the djnastic, and tbe great object of their a Park without shade—an artistic desert of siAja'ABMSS'TS TBI! BVENlSuOABDSSTui TRANSPLANTATIONOFTREESn TUBCEN- The law directed theSupervisorsofthetwo There ia a claw of politicians in Eogland. of TRAL PARK.- • The attempt to transplant forest counties to keep and maintain it as & freeQOT MUHtWUTO—eUI»tX»t "BMHSOK BOWEBT TBBATBB fcowery-MrsTiMWSWeet.- tween Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth streets and£1$ h avenue and Broadway. The amount of pro• the black republican party have brought thettriatic Cot<t*at of the Age.which Lord Greyja a, representative man and trees to the barren soil of the Central Park bridge over the Harlem river. By the samethe London Post a medium of (Utterance, that haa proved, as every one knows, a magnificent an tbe Mayor and Street Commiastouer of New»a» Me B> tOM —B*R»tT tW* iUSO«-IJICITCHESperty destroyed is not large, bnt upwards of twen-ty poor families have been rendered destitute bycountry at lastFaisca or w*ixa* BAIXCAwTWRBVav W'BtO H/viX, •*.*«*. Bt'iocMtvn AcBro idway.—fcoaos.ckNrto* ott tbe basis of about UXo, showing aa adranoe of a»Mit ^C. per pound over tbe highest quotations of Saturday Uat. Tbe racent frost, with a<counta of ancthe- sUren ru tbe Houtbf rn coast, imparted more strecgih to the market, acd c%«ted holders to be lees willing sellers. Few peTtcct cow carry tbair eatimaUs of the crop to four miilicEBofbales. TbeHoarmarketwasheavyaadlower fw common and mediam grades of State and Wt-stero braadr, wbite extra gr*dea were comparatively quint and unchanged. Wheat was easier, bat more acilve, with free sales at prices givenpairs, and must be reconstructed immediately.4Jf» 1 1 1 M K t U U - U n s u ,0VB10B1-performance.Some of these "iuconsidereditri-Mr. J. A. C. Gray, has just brought from Paris plana of the carriage upon which full grownTRIPLE SHEET.London Pat assures its readers that the Prince of Wales will return to Englaud from America,Park, and we greatly fear that the introduction of this new contrivance will not do much toengineer, to superintend its re-erection. Of tbe fitness of this gentleman for the duties assigned him there can be no question. He constructed the naval dry dock at Brooklyn, was AssistantV«wT«eiu»r. October B31S«0.HAIL* fwft BUBOPIC.sary to make upon the Thunderer's letters are mild as June breezes when compared with! the trenchant and crushing attacks of our Nova Scotia cotemporaries. The Halifax editefps— we have published elsewhere some citations fromevils of an' unbridled democracy here. there, if radical change in other respects is not To the first of these fallacies Mr. Everett effected. The fact is that the soil of manywere discharged soldiers from Fort Hall. Only one man escaped the butchery, and he, after tra- velling seven days without food, was discovered in an exhausted condition and .taken to the Dallas. Trade at San Francisco was active, and the mar- kets were quiet.The steamshipBienville,fromNewOrleans14thaa Caesar crossing tbe Rubicon.The people of Mississippi and Alabamaspeak, through their press, their determination to right themselves outside of tbe Union,and not within. The Charleston Mercury, which expresses the sentiments of the citizens offull of animal spirits, found himself in a new Its navy first drew greatness from the private tectsof tbe Central Park—they can do nothingcountry, the people of which partook of his own energies of its Raleighs and its Drakes: its else but build bridges, and hence we have acharacteristics—Young Eogland and Young proeperoua colonies, either in America or Asia, bridge at almost every turning.America embraced and kissedeach other. "Men- were all planted by private companies or indi- There have been many terrible blunders sotor may have shook his head at some infractions vidual seekers of wealth and glory; its vast far in the construction of the Central Park, butof courtly etiquette; the May Fair and Horse commerce ia due entirely to the unaided skill the most fatal of all is the absence, of shade aoGuard swells were possibly shocked with the of its merchants; and, in fact, if we study criti- absolutely essential to enjoyment A n un-freedom of Western manners—all this helped cally the history o f the developement of sheltered waste of greensward, in this climate,tbe comedy; but the Prince was like another Britain's present greatness, we shall find not only is more of a purgatory than a paradise. Nothe matter.We have stated enough to expose tbe ma-licious spirit which has dictated this attack on tbe Commissioners. They have done no more than they were directed to do by tbe act under wbich they were appointed, and tbey have ob- served the utmost caution in carrying out its provisions. The contracts are fair and reason- able; they are below tbe engineer's estimates, and they are given to responsible parties whoand Havana 17th inst., arrived at this port yester- South Carolina, It equally bold, and proclaimsday. She encoontetred the recent northeasterly that " now or never'' is the time for action,gale on the 15th, and had strong winds, with heavy for the emancipation of the South from North-aea and thick weather, during the entire passage. ern aggression, or the retiring of the SouthernWhen the Bienville sailed a hurricane was antici States from the Union. That old and respecta-pated, and the Admiral had issued orders to theble organ of the Palmetto State counselsyoung Rapid, or Rover, or Jack Absolute; or, better than all, Prince Hal, of Falstaffidtn fame. Doubtless he understood our people better than any of the noblemen and gentlemen about him, as he came among us fresh and free from an- tique prejudices. Undoubtedly he liked young free America better than o l d fogy England, with her thousand stupid restrictions and ab-that it is the fruit of individual enterprise and amount of ornamental architecture, picturesqueexertion, but that between these and the go- lakes, or winding rambles, can make up for the have undertaken to find all the necessary fundsfcpaui&hfleetto be in readiness to meet i t Themews from Havana ia uuirnportait. The city was the people not to postpone their measures tillperfectly healthy, the yellow fever having entirely after the inauguration of Lincoln, and the disappeared. The United States steamer Cruiader armed force of the North is at his disposal, asverning aristocracy there haa always been a conflict, in which the latter were opposed to true progress. Thus her merchants have had to contend, until within a comparatively short period, with the foolishness of the governing class. Her colonies are still hampered with aloss of that ever welcome shade which the until the full amount is appropriated by the London parks and the Bois de Bolougne afford Legislature. What more can be expected from to the visiter. the> Commissioners, unless, indeed, they haveMERCHANTS AND POLITICS.—Hon. Daniel S. failed to provide for a swarm of hungry ex-pectants?was at Havana on the 17th.* The Board of Supervisors met yesterday after- noon, but transacted no business of importance. The following is a list of the chief business trans- acted. The sum of 14,960 was appropriated from the receipts of the Excise Commissioners for the benefit of the State Inebriate Asylum. A reso- tion waa offered by Supervisor Weinman, directing the Commissioners of Police to provide a ballottheir action may then be too late. The same sentiment is uttered in Virginia.box for the reception of the votes of persons who desire to vote on the question of " Property Quali- fication." It was lost. The bill of Sheriff Kelly for the quarter ending October 1, amounting to •5,974 50, waa referred to a committee. Several reports were received and the usual routine matter attended to, when the Board adjourned nntil nextMonday, at three o'clock P . M.At the meeting of the Board of Aldermen last evening, a resolution was adopted authorizing the appointment of Assistant Health Wardens In the diSsrent wards of the city at salaries of three dol- lars a day for each. The salary of Mr Ewin,Superintendent of Street Improvements, was raised from 12.000 to ss,ooo a year. The other business transacted was of minor importance.The actors in our comedy are cumbered bymillions. Everybody, from the President ofthe United States down to the little maidenswho are just able to wave their tiny kerchiefs,is in the bill of the play. And everybody hastried to play his or her part as well as possible.So we must not be hypercritical. Let us evensay a good word for tbe fine old pecunious gen-tlemen like Peter Cooper, who played Polonius,or Malvolio, or Lord Duberly, in our comedy:they were as important to tbe play as the damesand demoiselles who assisted the Prince in his It constitutes us as a strong people terpaichorean operations. When we have the and a weak government, a rich peo-NEW YORKU of Ennland. 9P of Ireland* 2fc of Uermsny,"3 of that every man * h V values tbe freedom b<P«vid H*U, charged with serving as captain and be may best prevent the l<npt»ndiug ruin w3;k-hcNEW YORK HERALD. KfcUand, m4 the ba'snee of tarioos foreign coon- joys, and knows how to appreciate the nr«fat--t-the public from ignorant physicians and tacom per#st druggists.mem in America and in Europe.seek to administer government, but they doH'*f»e«yisgivenmtodsy:apaper.Theexamtta- Won will be continued to-diyIn th* Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday,Edwin Bodgdon, indicted for the murder (to theNoriberndream,canhardlyadmitotaduitbt in any unprejudiced mind which closely watches passing political events and is capable of estimating their vatae. For the consequences no wise man will be disposed to answer. The unthinkingmultitude,asinallpastages,are eleepitg unsonsciously on a volcano, which is already utteriug Us low murnmrings, premoni- tory of eruption, and may at any moment send forth its irresistible fiery flood, to overwhelm and desolate wkerever it comes. 8ueh is the terri- ble crisis to which the abolition sentiment andbyvirtueofwhichamanisntiwconsidereda alooftherefrom AsimilarconflictbrisingbeamemberoftheBoard,madealanec slaugbt yesterday on the Coaausrioners of the new Harlem bridge. The article b nude up of such gross perversions of facts that it requires hot a brief and accurate restatement of them to disposesatisfactorilyofitsallegations.In 1867 tbe Legislature passed a law assum- ing, on behalf of the counties of NewYork and Westchester, possession of Coles, or Her lem bridge, at the end of Third avenue./er. 8*^0** 'oasis* C.,B«se*>«0W* • *« tacsW degree) of William John Cunningham, onADVtnTtsKXMirratrtmi to Jto Wjnai HWM.IA FAIU,ITHi £kWerwte ani Btontom AVHtfoaa.4M*<• * < * •Europe kith the fa»re rule applied a1so to tdruggists, we should have very fe*, if any, such gross cases as this last one to comment upon.U> nasttee auad Democracies—Ttao Cfcsvtion, but it will increase in vigor and earnest- ness until every interest is involved in it, and our old political Bourbons of all parties are sweptaway. ^V » la so Saa*> *u. Lsrns* *** * »•«the4thofJn»ylast,bystabbinghimwithaknife, was poatponed till Friday aext. The trial of John Dutnigan, charged with murder in the second de- gree, wa* set down for Thursdsy next.An extensive fire occurred between three and foor o'clock yesterday morning, among the frame buildings known as Townsend's Block, located be-I**U-ltT fSUO*©UMKWAtAACX'S THEATBK arnadwaj.--ri*?WS *'*» the conflagration, and many of the inmates of the T b e P r i m e a n d t h e Press— Aftsr tits Fifty.frail and combustlb'e buildings escaped from the Now that the great drama of the year lfcCOTHBvTBB, »0. « Broedway.- flames in their night clothes. A list of the premi- has been played out—the chief actors tn n.i'e As a school they can be properly denomi-failure. The whole process, from beginning to end, waa a blunder, and the result ia that we nave nothing now but the curious anomaly ofYork and the County Judge and Chejrrrm of tbe Board of Supervisors of Westchester OOUD- ty were appointed Commissioners to rebuild the existing bridge whenever it was found to* be in an unsafe condition. B y another clauseses burned and their occupants may be found in for borne, and the subordinates returned to B^WSBT VWBATBB Hmrerr.— HIOHW*T»*W or another column. their usual occupations in real life—we find here•fears and hatred is tbe practical democracy which Is in successful exhibition here. Without knowing anything more of our government than can be obtained by a theoretical study atmost valueless ornamentation.It la stated that one of the Commissioners, the repairs and maintenance of the present•KB BSJS—Mats** Omu-Mr Wira'a Co**.•OSaWJV.JBeoaawwr —HIT and BAR1IV1IS ASBRlCa* IMot long since a commision was despatched to and there a few scattered souvenirs of the grand Havana to examine Isaac V . Fowler, late Post-bridge were left with the Boards of Superriaort of both counties, thus showing the dbtlncdve character of tbe duties allotted to each body.•urns of money haveexpended upon the withered stumps which the effect that it was incapable of further re-master of this city, relative to the liability of his\ bondsmen. The replies of Mr. Fowler to the inter- fles" are to be found in the Canadian papjers,cipitating the eecetsionistvative elements of the South into revolution and civil war. •Already are preparations for hostilities being made in Virginia, and the arming and organization are going forward with vigor,aa described by our interesting Richmond correspondence. If we are to believe the state- ment of another well written and eloquent letter from another of the border States, MarylandThe Corporationand even the conser-iALD, TUESDAY*. OCTOBER 23. 1860.-ness, the g1*ry, tbe prosperjtj and »rw strengthGrand Juries and the District Attorney c40 and will control its action and Its policy. do a gnod deal towards checking malpractice Everywbei e tbey are in strict alliance with thefeariesely; [but there Is oi»Jy o n e certain mode•fries *• w. OO«*BB or WMWK **» KASSAC STS. MLkh was captured on the coast of Africa with be- inaugurate a r€4*a of terror, aiMtrohy- a»d of prevention, and that i* the enactment of a flict at once springs op between them. Such aTKRKS rvk -t «a*"r2r WtMMi./ H oU^»r«teawkfawMawlaOfc*«•*Saa«#—*<•«* <*•*»""ri^VZirirr aaaulfl U'tr* •*.«« f-r*M. ^riwteii eight and nine hundn d slave* on board, was bloodshed without a precedent In the annuls tnlcen up before Putted Mates Coorailasioner of civilized nations.Mure!! ycrterday. Warren was examined, andlaw wbeiebj n o unqualified physician can pre- couiest has for years been going on in England, scribe, audi n o uneducated drv^rgist compound, where jpne party wishes tbe nation to take part medicines except on pain of severe and *»xem- in the dynastic strifes of the continent ofredeeming the State.THE N A W HARLEM BUDGE—BLACK BETCBU CAN NOTIONS or A SWINDLE.-One of oar black republican contemporaries, with a view toimM and seeoad asates on board the ship Krie, will make these 8tatts dtraoi«*t §<»«*», ar»dBRTA»T«' MIBSTREL-, H N M I ' HB!1. 171 Broad rogatories propounded to him by the commissioner which ever andanon proceed tofightthe Oraftge a distanceot three thousand miles, and a limited trees were BOsuccessfully transported there inIn March last the Commissioners met and personally examined the bridge, and filed a certificate in each of the counties ton T - D n m o n s . fronae, LAXCBS, *O-—W* Com rao* I U are published in to-day a paper.wTWt.0*S SALOOW. Br**)wav —HOWXT * OinrwsiL's The cvtioii market was again flrjnor and active yettiw-Btarmsu is 1TUIOFH» ROJ«O», BUKVXVUXS, UUCO, *<".— i dsy.Tb«sale*tmbracedabout5.0CObares,partwtransitu,battle over again, doubtless with some ob-ject in view, although, to external observers,Canadian politics are, like the ways of DifineProvidence and the verdict of petit juries,!ut-terly inscrutable. A little clearer are the com-ments of the Halifax papers upon the letter* ofperusal ot an occasional party newspaper, Lord beautifying the streets of tbe French capital;awr a another columu Corn was act!re, and Ba''SThe Canard ouUl tt«*mahtv Africa, COptain Sb&auMi, queet. Tbe sales embraced new mesa at B19 26 a S19 SO, pendent of incompetency, stupidity, helplessnessto Eogland. But there is a more broad and ten feet deep, and of sufficient diameter, in thewlU laovo ibis port to morrow for Livorpool. and new prime at S14 28 a $14 60 Sugars were quiet,The turopwuj m*ll» wlli e!oo« la t h » city to-m<wro» wb ils prloea were steady. The sales embraced only a>>jut and intentional misrepresenUtiou. To use alaw-intrigues of tbe Mayor, It turns out that he was philosdphical view to be taken of the position rock which underlies the soil, and fill them scarcely known to Mr. Wood at all, and wasTho Csaotaui Bxnos or ass BBSAXB will Be publltae* «t half pMt Dine o*«*QQk ia t s o BMralag. Staflo oopMs,It wrappers, aut o«au.t w atmtaow. of to* Etraonua Xscrio* or r o HaiAx*adopted by Mr. Everett or will be apparent in the impressions of the Prince of Wales.planted, as in a vase, but to expect a full grown toreat tree, freah from the virgin soil, to grow in two or three feet depth of mould, is absurd.Two months later Mr. McAlpine submitted his plans, with an estimate of the total coat of tbe new bridge, amounting to $225,000, which•f MhlloftUoa.ace SCO bales cotton at M*. To London floor Was en. gaged at 3* 9d., and tuGisagow *heat waa tala-u, in ship'sat 13d.tJBSJ Prog,reaa o f K o o l a t l o n a t t b e Soatn.We publish to-day a number of letters from Southern correspondents, and articles from the Southern preen, showing the alarming progress of revolution at the other side of Mtson and Dixona line. The revolutionary programme of tbe black republicans at the North, aad the near proenect of the election of their chief, are precomedy of real life and manners. The heir ap-parent starts, like a nineteenth century Teleuia-ohue, upon bia travels, and, with his Mentor—adifficult 16k, most admirably filled in our come-We are afraid that in the endeavor to push plana and estimate were adopted without a dis- the work of tbe Park ahead, and make some sentient voice. On the 10th of the present••g'..rja^,,'•••!"::: '* « • nr«wo. ••:The bids for the f 10,000,000 government loan— half of the sum authorized tobe borrowed by the last Congress—were opened at the Treasury Depart- ment yeater lay. The bonds bear fire per cent in- terest, and are redeemable ia ten years. A complete list of the names of the bidders, their lo-cation, the amount* bid by each, and the premiums offered, is given amaog our telegraphic despatches. There were forty-six bidders, for various amounts, the aggregate being half a million over the sum re- quired. The premiums offered are less ttxan here- tofore. There were no bids from any of theSouthern States.By the arrival of the pony express at St. Joseph,Mo., yesterday, we have San Francisco advices to the 10th iaat and later accounts from Oregon. The political canvass in the Pacific States was pro- greasing with unusual vigor. An election of United States Senators was held by the Oregon Legislature on the 2d inst., in legal form, and resulted in the choice of J. W. Neswith, Douglas democrat, forworld has moved, and U still moving, but they are tike the ecclesiastics who compelled Gali-sideration has been given to the very first prin- ciples Which should govern the designers andSOSa MO hbua. Cuba museovado aad 02 do.meladoa1 itcady prices. Coffee was unchanged. The sales em- braced about 800 bags Rio, part at l*7„c. Freights were steady aad more »ctive. Among tb« engagement* to Liverpool were 90 0(0 bashel* whrat and 25.000 do. corn,yer's phrase, they have not le!t hicn a leg to stand upon. And so we leave him to be slaughtered in the house of his friends.So far. as the general subject of the Prince'st,f this djnastic school of politicians than was with good stuff; in this way the trees may be elected by the unanimous vote of the Board.hynail«BSt*tOfr«a)iat asratesgtwamcleawhere; lour at la 81.and3a.4>id., reception is concerned,itwasagrand poetic qp to th« baarThe great error of the djnastic school ofpoliticians is that they ao not recognise the im-mente change that has taken place in thetheory of government that prevailed previousto the closing quarter of the laat century. The show for the money expended, too little con- month tbe Commissioners met and accepted of-the long term, and B. D. Baker, non-interventionrepublican,for the abortterm. Thenews everyborderStatewillstandbytheaction gresseswefinditbecomingatittlemoreseri- developementoftheartofgovernmentTo- forthwithinductedhimintoeneofthshallsofof this event canned great excitement among she republicans o f California, w h o believe that Oregon m ay g o for Lincoln if Mr. Baker can be induced to canvass the State. In- telligence had reached San Francisco of the mas- sacre by the Snake Indians, near Salmon Falls, of an entire emigrant train, consisting of forty-six persons, twenty-seven of whom were women andRochecompelthelattertofurnishallthe money required until further appropriationschildren. Of the nineteen male) in the party six that his election will be regarded by the Southchufl left the Canadian shore he shook off his it be in arms, in wealth, in moral power or ma- painter. -" What.'' said the nobleman, " wouldroyal state; petty jealousies, small aspirations, terial force, is due more to the energy and 30U decorate my whole house with redlittle intrigues, threatened rebellions, were all liberty of individual exertion than to a wise lions?" " Why,'7 answered the painter, *' I canforgotten. The Prince, young, fresh, buoyant, foresight on tbe part of the governing classes. paint nothing else!" And so with the archi conclusively that no favor has been shown inis also in the incipient stage of revolution, andThe air Is rife with revolution and secession. cumstance of the dramatic art, we must likewise Tbe fact ia, tbe material interests of the people Tbe partisans of Breckinridge, the partisans of have our jeatera and Our clowns. Otherwise guide and govern them, while the government tees were presented and laid over for future action. Bell and the partisans of Douglas at the South, our play would be dull. As it ia, the new merely administers the forms of national ex- and they include nearly the whole population, comedy baa had what the French call a veri- istence. This is what the Prince of Wales hasIn reply, we have first to remark that the nominated them possess the power to p**<*The Board of Councilmen were in session last evening, when a large batch of reports of commit-them safely in the next Legislature. . rf this city is in bad taste, and betrays some- There Is no better evidence of the co»pi«**wthing of the contracted view of the sub- demoralization of the democratic party than U table success. Tbe accounts of its perfontauco seen berJB, and the impression of which he can- ject of the mere professional politician. found in the squabble of tbe several fragmeaaA number of general orders were adopted; amongthem were reports from the Committee on Streets agree in one thing, however they may differ in of the Aldermen, in favor of paving East Broad other matters. They all concur as to the cer-way, from Chatham squara to Grand street with tainty of revolution if Lincoln should be Betfian pavement, and Twenty fourth street,' from elected, while each party contends that the Sixth avenue to Broadway. A resolution appro- election of its own ticket alone can avert tbe priating1600topurchaseanewcarriagefor Hose calamity. TheRichmond Whig, andMr.Hill, Co. No. 16 waa adopted. A report directing thewill attract much attenticn on the other aide of not but carry back to England. Order and se-Horace Greeley, from day to day for weeks of that once powerful organization In thepaving of Broadway, front Seventeenth street to Madieon square, with trap block pavement, was adopted, after which the Board adjourned to meet on Thursday.AceertBBg to the City inspectors report there were 414 deaths m this city during the past week, aa rarweast of » as compared with the mortality •f ^ha week previoua, a*<i 4S more than occurred daring the conesponding week laat year. The re-capttulation table pvea 1 deaths of ofaaases of the bones, joints, A c , 80 of the brain and nerves, t of the generative organs, 7 of the heart aad Woodof Georgia, whose letter we publish, insist that only the election of Bell can save the Union. The Richmond Mnquirer. on the contrary, de- ctows that if Virginia should go for Bell, and not for Breckinridge, the oottch States will re- g«d this aa a casus Mil and secession will beprecipitated beyond the power of man to ar- r*st its course. .world, and is worth all the money it cost and more, too.AKOTHER MBOICAL McRDER._Erery week ortwo we are compelled to record a caee of deathby poison, arising from the ignorance or care-lessness either of physicians or druggists. Anrright to govern, just as the aristocratic classesthis great Presidential contest He, too, appeart to think that it is only tbe politicians bytrade—our professional* hucksters in politicaloffices, spoils and plunder—who have any rightto dabble in tbe business of party politics. Butthe fact is that there is many a mercantile Arm dent and even boasting of success. In thein this city which has a greater interest in the Eighth and Eleventh districts the republic us great issues of this Presidential struggle than are, however, engaged in an •'irrepressible con- all the men on this Island put together who flict" In the latter district one branch ef the .1Mofthetnaga.throat,Ac.,5ofold thatimthattheek signal for a revolt,• • • • o be agreed, andWithout ikm-ls. I I p^fc ^pe less differ, w e maySullivan street, in tho death of a child, by theadministration of morphine instead of quinine,ridiculed the nomination and defeated the elec- tion of General Scott for the Presidency in the past, and to-day condemns the intervention ofJ ^^s^P^w^^a* -w^w" ^w «» ^Btwa[^wa^BiAs wedefeat *fbrtnlghtofscription.The laws regulating tbe practice of medicineand tbe compounding of drags stand in need ofUntiin political affairs.he would havedone much better had he spared his lefthanded allusions to our "boards oflican camp have brought forward their own man, and are determined that no person with the record which Comminga BL Tucker left be- hind him shall bo returned from that districtThey are assisted in their efforts by the Tax payers' Association of that districtw h i c h t b j!""v~• *rr*v,'»»'*w3 immediate tad radical reformation andwe hope ;Tribune ing-theto the greatcontrary materiala superiorclasnin society,clustering^ ^I f p*mv* .y»ji!.i<M»-Hj.iiLytrHliH"lil »vmWW' '.* ^-BWWSKgyiaww LU..i!l|l.|BP,HlHHIin bo«b theie pro^esstoos if they do th«ir rlatydemocracies, and whenever the dynastic schooldepart! from the precepts they inculcate, a con- folly and noosen,* to talk of the possibility of *gave a narrative of the proceedings of $ e ship That Lincoln will he elected, unless somawhile he was 00 board of her. A full report of hte sudden change comes over the spirit of oor plary punishment Tbe things called diplomas, Europe, and the other insists upon holding it damage a political opponent, who happens tohere, and the material interests of tbe country are beginning to move against the follies and be remodelled, and the educate physician tbe selfish antagonisms of tbe politicians who should be jmbjented to the Btme teats and put conttiiu'e our dynastic school. This conflict uponthesjainefootingasheisinthecitiesof willtotendwiththepresentpoliticalrevolu-regular physician, are often nothing more than Honees JP kill patients. The whole law shonldthe special correspondent of the London Times.The criticifms" which we have deemed it nBces baring Acquired wisdom by observing the improve the system of transplantation adoptedhas replied in a courteous and logical oration,portions ot the Park is not adapted to theand Chief a n d ErieEngineer Railroad,of the servedgrowth of large trees, nor is it deep enough tor plete refutation Iroai the impressions with that purpose. The only way to secure the suc-and the second will no doubt receive a com-large at ateady prlca*. Pork was ia moderato r— their articles—accuse tbe London Times eagres which the Prince and bis suite have returned cess of tbe experiment is to blast holes of some As to bis having been appointed through thefers from three responsible parties for the en- tire reconstruction of tite bridge for a sum not to exceed $210,000, and the work was at oncecommenced.little serious. Some of the characters are hor an idea was in contradiction to the Bible. But demolishing a good deal of the beauties which The assertion that the Legislature haddy—escapes ail the shoals and quicksandswhich beset his Grecian prototype. The first leo to recant his assertion that our globe re- constructors of the work, as is manifested inact opens in tbe British provinces, and Is jast a volved on im axis, because, as they aaid, such this matter of transplanting trees. Whileribly jealous of each other. Others nurse se-cret aspirations, and walk about expectingevery moment to receive the accolade of knight-hood, or to be decorated with tbe moat honora-ble Order of the Bath. When cold water is thrownupon their pretensions, these chaps sulk and phi-in spite of priests and politicians, the world nature contributed, art has been dragged an amendment to the act under which thesestill moves, and hence the conflict between thedynasties and the democracies. According to wbich Is of little or no service. .'Let us insteps were taken is utterly false. All that It did was to insert in the New York Tax bill an item of $26,000 for the expenditure on thethe first the art of government is an art exer-cised by born legislators, who constitute under construction, the object of which can belosophize in the true Wormwood style. Still round the throne and filling all the are a large number of architects among theour comedy moves on pleasantly enough. public posts of emolument and honor employe's on the Park, who can do nothingYoung Hamlet and his train are much glori- for their own and the public good. The great else there but build bridges—a suggestion whichfied, and countless flat-hatted, rosy-cheekei principle that lies at the foundation of their reminds us of tbe story of the English no- governed in its cost by the appropriation re-ferred to, except so far as it limited tbe expen- diture for the current year.The Commissioners have been guided en- tirely by this opinion. T h e contracts entered into with Messrs. Kevins, V an Cleave andconstant repetition of files, balls, addressed Bourbons, but by the great material interests the nobleman. " A red lion would be very tractors from exceeding those of the engineer,sirens wave their white arms beckoning Tele- school is, that the safety of society and of bleman who resolved to embellish bis baronial machus to enchanted shores. There are ludi- government lies in the preservation of their mansion with nothing but the works of a na- crous incidents, too—clownish Mayors, Dog- sacred aristocracy, and of the dynasty that tive artist, and, happening one day to be struck fa errian policemen and rare specimens of puffed- relies upon them. withan admirable representation of a red lion up officials of every grade. Aa the play pro- But the world has left them far behind in its over an inn door, seat for tbe painter, andof any one or more of the cotton States which ous—the Orange element giving it just enough day nations are guided, not by family hatreds his new domicil. "What design would youmay secede, and will resist to the death any of variety to prevent it from becoming stale by and dynastic aspirations, as in the days of the suggest for the space over this mantel ?" asked are made. So far are tbe estimates of the con-attempt to coerce them into subjection to the federal power. The writer says that the at- tempt of the republican President to foree his Northern office holders on the South would be sufficient to commence the bloody fray, butand triumphal marches.of the people. As these are developed the good," responded the artist- " And what de- that they fall abort of them by over ten thou-sign for the spaces on either aide ?"enacted in the United States. When Telema- consolidated. The growth of England, whether two red lions would be just the thing," said thesand dollars. They have undertaken the work at $17 a yard for tbe masonry, seven cents per pound for the cast iron, and nine and three- quarter cents per pound for the wrought iron, all furnished and put up. These prices proveDistinctly the beat portion of the comedy wasnation becomes stronger and government more" I thinkA Georgia paper suggests the mode of bring-ing the revolution to a crisis. It advises thateither South Carolina, Mississippi or Alabamashould secede, and then If the central govern- that neither hand nor foot may be moved ex-; her arms hi always traceable directly to the in- support as a last resort, the Union electoral for State Assembly that we published in yester-aurd forms of etiquette, which fetter royalty, ao J similar contest, and the occasional shame ofDickinson, in his recent letter from Bingham- ton to John A. Green, chairman of our Breck- inridge State Committee, while agreeing toTEE METROPOLITAN CANDIDATES FOR STATE AS- SEMBLY.—It appears, from the list of candidatescept by rule.ment at Washington should attempt to coercethem, every Southern State would rally aroundthem and the secession would become general,and a new Southern confederacy be formed im-mediately out of the broken Union. ThatGeorgia will go with the seceders we are fullyassured. That a large majority of the peopleof South Carolina, Mississippi and Ala-bama are prepared to take the deci-sive step of secession there is but toomuch reason to fear. The inflammablematerials axe there, the train of gunpowder islaid, and it only requires that the match of theincendiary, tbe toich of the Wide Awake, beapplied, in order to set the whole South in one lights, the dresses, the beauty, the compliments, ple and a poor government, and an enter- blsze. the banquets, and all the pomp, pride and cir- prising people and a listless government-tervention of the aristocracy, while tbe glories ticket arranged by the Cooper Institute Volun-day's HERALD, that there are already eighty different persons In the field, having obtained the nominations In some form, in the seventeen Assembly districts of this city. These candi- dates represent all shades and grades of New York society, from the roughs and striken up to our best citizens. A large number, how- ever, are better qualified for a residence In the public institutions at Sing Sing than they arebelong to her yeomen. Herein, too, Ilea the teer Committee of fifteen, takes care not to let secret of Lords Napoleon's success in France. the occasion pass without a backhanded com-He has comprehended the necessity of govern- pliment to our patriotic merchants. He thus ing with the material elements of the country, says that "I concede the utility of 'boards ofwhile the Bourbons could never comprehend trade' in commerce, but not in political or-snything but their dynastic claims.In no other country, however, do the materialganizations; and I believe the cause ot trueconstitutional democracy generally makes bet-ter progress by firm adherence to principlethan in turning aside to consult tbe dictates of to represent this city in the Legislature at Al- temporary expediency," & c Mr. Dickinsoninterests of the nation ao constitute the true life of government as in the perfect democracy of the Uniteid States. This ia the true secret of our wonderful growth and prosperity.proceeds further to throw cold water over the Union ticket, by saying that every manifesta- tion of the temper of the Douglas democracy betrays their hostility to any fusion anywhere calculated to aid the cause of Breckinridge.bany. These philosophers, having obtained^the nominations from some of the numerous factions or sidewalk cliques in their several districts, now consider their election certain, and are looking forward to therichplacers about Al- bany with full confidence that the cliques thatthe water. We fancy that aome of the nobility curity without troops, and public action and past: has been ridiculing and caricaturing several Assembly districts, and the character of and gentry—the old fogy section especially— enthusiasm without the stimulus of authority. cur mercantile fellow citizens for pie- the men who have been brought ferwarawill be bothered entirely with it. It puts ue in But we have another thing here which he may eumiiig to take an active hand in the work of by them. Whilst the democratic factions area new and most favorable light before thb nothaveBeen. Wehavea class claiming thekeeping up a Kilkenny fight and trying to eat each other up (which, if accomplished, would no doubt be a blessing to the city), ths repub- licans, with the exception of two or three dis- tricts, are inarching in one solid column, confi-other caae of this kind occurred on Saturfcy, in greater or less degree of constant war. Itthat tbe next Legislature will not separatewith-tled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetInterestsofFult13069on New Yorkwww.fultonhistory.comkiUw aadof England claim that rightamong us as the politicians.candidates for public office from its cliques, it assumes to be the only class that knows how to direct public affairs, and between it and the material interests of the country there is aYet—Lordthe London Post and the New YorkGrey and; Mr.trade."rnan in this State, of every party, who is op- posed to the inauguration of "the irrepressible conflict''at Washington, to lay aside all otherIt is a set known It selects all thethe result of alleged carelessness on the part ofwillbethe thedruggistwhomadeupthodocterapre- themerchantsaidmanufacturersofNewYork acceptanceofourUnionelectoralticket;but whilsttheanti-corruptionportionoftherepub-Dickinson, notwithstand-but unfortunatelyi t happens that immenseGrey rites in the House ot Lords and pronouncesour government a failure, because, as he opines,an unbridled democracy has removed tbe checksand balances imposed by Washington; and the now decorate the promenade in the Central Shortly after tbey appointed Mr. McAlpine asalready been fruitlesslyin too much to give an appearance cf labor,stance, for example, the multitude of bridges accounted for in no other way than that therebridge for the current year.Counsel, fa reply to a resolution of the Board, gave it as his opinion that the Commissioners were authorized to construct such a bridge as tbey deemed necessary, and were not to beslur of Mr. Dickinson against the merchants oflire upon party politics as their vocation. Something Is gained from Mr. Dickinson in hisparty have nominated one of the chief ope- rators in the schemes of tho last Legislature.It is the duty, at this crisis, of everyThwy do notest effort to def«ai Lincoln.New York apposed to his election aeospt ..lir Union ticket in good faith, and, like hone* Sancho, bW "Qed bleas.the giver, nor took tee gift horse fa the month" Otherwise, It Is sheerPresidentNew Y orkone term as State Engineer of New York and three terms as Railroad Commissioner.-—L et every msn in  