 1V;lu" '[I'EWDAXJfJULY!•I ir.can deliver about thirty letters an hour, allowing but which we do not consider reliable. We give them a* good service without catching negroes—has relieved i We have received the followiug new pieces of only two minutes for a servant to come to the* door they come to us. Sluioers are said to clear from eight ral vessels of hi* own and other countries. andmusic from Firth, Pond A Co.:— aud then fetch the dimes, thev would be able to hundred to one thousaud dollais per day working five American vessels with the cross of S.. OeorgeJapanese Barcarolle. Arranged for the piano by deliver four times that uumber by the, public men, and from fifty to seventy dollars per day to theanan peak. Captain Holmes, of the Old Hickory,is considered no extraordinary yield. From a friend when his vessel v. as bearded the British flag was IFerdinaud Beyer. causing "letter slips" to be generally placed<upon whom we know, and can depend upon ,we learn be ha* three on board Of the Ante: ican war steamer. As there < The Pearls of Charity. Words by Chas. Mackay, their houses, thus saving all trouble of Waiting at claims in California gulch aa good aa there are iu it, aud uo possible necessity for this deception, it had.ichief object, however, has been to illustrate American commerce and navigation, and therefore the information contained in his book will be all the mora profitable aad interesting to our own country-man-of the most extraordinary kind, aud is at once enter-IIAWKSVIKW: A Family History of Our Own Times. to the • ast of it, but by measuring- from it «'<*st- i go through all the exigencies of domestic lire! soto» of : could be found who seemed to know how or when he es- oountry. On every occasion of the reappearaoc'•—a r —i iint§n I to act as theirs have done, and ih thejHhact boundaries by proper monuCcrreapoThe A'atumal will compare favorably with any Of •ad Indians, the rude hot hospitable abodes of the the British reviews. The contents of this numberthese State* > 0FHANMOOK OF ABTILIJUIY FOB THE 8aavicK JTM* Omr City Letter :PrepssedWUUama, fro.* family, coocsafbctlUing of ha wife, a sBoOnO ami »«,, t*» Z.nies, the lives and habit* of the trapper*, voyageur* chUdren of the forest, are ail grapateally described,, » ' ' .--rf«4.Rr.coostotuigcf ha wife,»*oa a r n i n , twtiL?B T>« ful young ladles, andJ ejnuaUily a* lalatlltipt titrta- pliabed, the admiration of all fr*la» i.areas follows:—"Dante," "Godwin's History ofand fona interesting chapter* of the hook, which ia Fraace," "The Modern French Grammar," "The 8. A. New York: D. Van Nosteand.Uv recent advio** from a party of pre*p**t*nr In theBTaw T o i l , July 2, i860. Middle Park we hear much of Interest. Their route, affable manner* afriends ia the country, who- dasira to wfle * * * ! • In reviewing "I30wwin% Fraaee" the writer showswiater evening, the book wfll be found a d«liga#n that the prinefrd part of the work is borrowedAll bar, volunteer soldiers should be providiM with a copy of thy excellent little book of laatrat-logtoeWesternslopeortberaageaboutthesameamountof- ^ItWBtWwsifcaa ThtPrtsidnamodMrfled with by companies or individuals. In this re •hoveling snow was necessary before reacting the margin Separately TUaUd-Tk, tisjilnt The InMspect we have—notwithstanding all the warnings of the Middle Park. The scenery in the MiddkiPark Is re;the department seem to have received ia succession, presented a* very baauUfulaed ptoasmg. It Is one aueoaav JImqr <fr*** ifcfag ffecvatj or «. QZone after another—only to deplore the fact that •ion of gently sloping hills, broad eoaa wnwys, and b*t . Tit Rival Qntnt The A/ricant.Sc Lcompanion. from the charming pages of Mlehelet, aad con-BIOBT aT LAW, ajio Oman TALIS.> **/ **•• cludes byridiculingwith great eft%ct the author^ tteae.absurd affectation of the ancient spelling of foreignGaakeU. NewYork:Harper*Brothere. ftropernames,inwhich,too,heifnotalwayscor- fttorie*bytheauthorof"Mar-Barton,""Northrect;asforexample,intheuseofthetotterE,we are still behind the age, aad constantly subject-edtoenormousoutlays, unsatisfactorynegotia-torn* greatly •urpsasing anything of th* kind known oa theeasternrtope,bothlabeautyaadrlchnonofthesoUand lunu-lantgtowtoc/iSsgtaaMsn.Hen>*r*t*spTiaisalK>uad,By the Quaker City one of your correspondent* *t toremstatehiajhealth,brokenbyl»gexposure«,* mateandato*ardentdevotion u hadatm,nreadable. The preaawl aerfea, eonafatJog of "Bight and, being specially prepared for American travel-springs of purevfresh water are in great abundance. The In note* of the dlh, which was celebrated at tb* are to be submitted to, the government bad {better f=treams are numerous, and abound in fish. Game of all Bute*Consulate and all over creation, m Haat Laut," "The Manchester Marriage," "Lola, the for Cimbri, aad Kelttc for CeWc; and Chariemagnehe calb Kari, and aometimes Katf tho«reat; whfle lers, it is in some respects preferable.at once withdraw the department altogether, and kinds peculiar to themwmtatati at very plenty. No re-'toast to Ms. Buchanan was not mentioned AnaFor one article that may be read with profit and pleas ure, or that may be referred to as an authority, there account of geographical \ researches in Eastern are at least twenty that nave uot even the negative re- Africa up to the discovery f>f the Uyenyesl by Ut. commendation of being written in correct English. NorLKAVEB FROM A BACHELOR'S BOOB OF LIFK. By Fran's Coppcutt. New York: published by S. A. Belle.and another in a lamp-post box—addressed {to the instances barely escaping with their lives. Tbs mmers times three thundering phmdiu.same spot. have come to the determination to hang the first man The dpauish bark Leopolso, contracted with by th What such a city as New York requires [is an who shall be caught In the act of firing the woods, and no vernment to take Lome diibanded soldieryare bad grammar and slang by any means the worst faults 1jvingstoue in September last. The following it. an of the latter. It is bat rarely that we find either theirsisting of "The Raven," "Seeking Dinner Under Difficulties," "Charlotte May," "The Admiralty-one cent, without delivery charge; and they nowis completely filled with pitch, and the mnb* and twigs complaining that he ha* more on board thta are covered ou the outside with bunches of gum or pitch, traoted to transport, the government officer* ref* which ignites quickly aad burns like prairie grass, and take out the njnnai those oi. board—two haaccount of a race of pigmies in the interior:—• Noteworthy are the reports, which in the ytar 1840 wereceuimuiiH-avcu to me by a slave from Kuarea, who, bv order of tbe King M Shea, was charged with the car* ot ray howe in A golala difrtag my residence iu Auko- ber His name was> Dubo, and he was a nature of dab* b» in Kcarea. As a youth he hai mad* caravan journey* to kafla and accompanied thtf slave hunters from ttait'a to Tuilte ia a too days' expedition, where he crossed the Urao s*>rne sixty feel wide, b) weans of a wooden bridge; reaching from thence Kuliu, in seven days, which is but a few days' journey from line lA>itos, a pigmy race of whom Iniuo tuW alia..*t fabulous stories He told ma that to the south of Kafla aifd Suaa there is a very sdtry and hum d country with rawy bamboo woods, iuhabitud by the rat? caUeU Ookoa, who are uo biga-i *•*•» bt.ys ofttm years old, that is, only M r fewt high- they have a dark, oiive coloard cotnt lexifu. and Hv« in a ownpteu-ly «avsge btate, like th? i>e*au^ havmg aeiUwr uouaiw, iemp.es, uor holy trc«-s, like Ijhe UalW, yet possessing something like an idea of shlglwr bring called Vcr, to w'wm in moments of wreiehedaesa and anxiety they pray—lit man erect posture, but reversed, with the L a d ou tb«- ground and the Ml supported upright aga ust atreeoratone. Inl*»y*'^ej»y:••Yer,ifWoum.lly dost exwt wiiy dos*t thou aUow us thus to be sum.' We do cot Mk thee for food and clothing, for we live oa ser- pent* aau and mwe. Thou Laai made ua, why dosl Ittou nerm't us to be troddtn »ade^ fjot"" Tne U*os have nocbief, uolaws, no we»|-uusR they do not hunt, uoi tillthe ground, but live solely «u fruita, roots, satce, »er- MCU ants, huuev, and ui- like, climbing trees and Sethcring the fruits like niotikeys, and both st'xes go completely naked. They have thick,.protrndmg lipa, Uat noses aad small eye:-, the bait ia not woolly, aud is wurn by Uu: wimea ovw the ahoaldei*. The nail* on the haaJa andfS*» are allowed to grow tike the. salons of vattares,«xl ar» a#ed tm difgmg for aula and iu tea.-mg to pieces the serueaia whseh they devour raw, for they are unac- quainwd with tire. Tne spine of the snake ia the only ornament wsro round the neclt, but they pierce the oars with a sharp pointed piece of wood.The ftokcy multiply very r*p|dly, bat have no regular marriage*, the uiterconrs* ot the sexes leading to no set- tled bono, each in perfect independence going whither fancy lead* The mother naraes her-ctiila only <or a short tune, accustoming It aa aoou a* pMSible to tno eating or and! and serpents, and ai soon aa the child caa help itself the mother lets it depart whither it pleases. Although- tbeec people live in thick woods, and conceal themselves ainosg the trees, yet tbey become the prey of the slave nunters of 8u«a, Kaffa, Uumbaro and KuiU, f.ir whote region* of then- woods are encircled by the huutera, so that the Dokoa cannot easily eaoape. When the Blare hunters come in sight of the poor creatures they hold up clothes of bright color*, stogiag aad nancing, Bpon which the Uokos show themselves to be oaptured, without re- aistacce, knowing from experience t'aai sucu re&istiuco is fr«it;e#s', ana can lead only to their d«etruutkm. l a t h i sway thousands can be caotured by a sm-tll band of hunters, and once captured they become quite docile. In slavery the Dokcw reuin their predilection fur feeding on mice, serpents aad ants, although often on that accouat punished bv their masters, who in other respects are at- tacked to them, aa they are docile aud obedient, have few want*, aad enjoy good health, for which reasons theyfacta or their dates correctly stated, bat calculated to mislead rather than to (raids. Yet we mast not blame the editors. It may be doubted whether any two men could have done better w u the resources at their command. They cannot be expected to make brick without straw. If Diderot and Alembert, Spur aim Chamber* and Dr. Itees, or Sir David Brewster and Prof. Napier , could have h e n in their place, they could hardly have procured sulfkieut of the right sort of matter for a cyclopedia at the rate of two dollars per octavo page, in small type and double column—that is, about one cent and a half, or three}- fonrtbu of a penny, a line. We all know that If men caf pabte of writing what la worth reading contribute at this rate, they must have some stronger motive than th* amount ol cash they would receive at the end of the montd or quarter for any given uumber of lines or pages. This will, perhaps:, account for the number of persons that bare so suddenly been made illustrious in the new cyclo- pedis, ana it may also throw some light on the process by which certain manufacturing companies have, in ad equally mysterious manner, paced themselves above all rivals, so as to serve as models forever after to all who are In search of "general know ledge." (For example, see articles ou iron, and kindred subjects ] It would be some- what amusing, if not instructive, to glance over the nine volumes now published, aud see how many scores of per • son.'- have biru made famous In this way.The manner in which the whole business of immortal- izing is done in the new Cyclopedia is very simple. Nearly all the "notices"have more than a family resem- blance ; indeed, they are aa much alike, in the main, an lease* given by One landlord to different tenants, nothing being necessar>, ui one form more than another, than to Ail up the blanks with dates and names. First we are told tee year, day, and place, when and where the great man wae born, ana who and waai went bis parent*. He wa«give notice that the delivery charge upon all tettersn is to be one cent, in lieu of two. Let th)e depart- when once started spreads with the rapidity oi the wind. thirty or more—in alarm for their own safety, <meg," are never solo as slaves t»e> oudl. tiiarea. As diseases are of the Henrys (kings) of Fugland, another of the Henrys 1 eakaowu among them they diaionly of old age, or through of France. The former has some Carious reflections on tasassaalts of their eaewH-s. •ach ot hi* heroes. The tender manner, for example, inIt cannot be decided whether these IVtkos are the pig- which he speaks of the mode in which Henry VIII. rjd himself of his wives, according as he got tired of them,mies wb», according to Herodotus, were discovered near or formed new " affinities," srfll doubtless interest many.sides showing all the railroads completed, survey- ed, and in progress of construction.Messrs. Root, Anthony & Co. hare published an excellent map of Sicily, designed ta satisfy the in tercst created by the operations of Garibaldi and his brave followers.The map of New York and its environs, published by Wester man Si Co., is quite a curiosity in ite Way. Within a compass of twelve by eight inches it takesordered to Natchez. He went to Natchez tor it, recovered it, and secreted it in Montgomery.Maroney bad a wife, or rather lived with m wo- man whom he made his wife, during these affairs, who was his confederate. She went North aud took up her residence at Jenkintown, in]Pennsyl- vania, with a brother-in-law. She came South, got the money and had it buried in her brother-in-law'sbe requested to stop their tpoiling gardens k:., aud leave within three days or take the consequence*. The only thing that keeps Ihe Indians from a general massacre by the whites is the knowledge that the plains are covered with emigrants, who will be the most severe sufferers.' We are mating preparations for duly celebrating our na- tion1*; birthday. It has been suggested that, in conside- ration of the neglect we receive from the general govern- ment, that we fire a salute for Idaho and one gun for the United States.tonus indicated that the lungs aad cellular lisiagri s fleeted.After these observation* I began my treatment 1 took from each diseased cow three to four <; blood ; rubbed well the painful right side with irritatir^ liniments, prescribing also never*! and herbs mixed iu honey, to be given ia the for electuary—a table spoonful every three hours. I the stable where the healthy ceus were kept cleansed and well smoked with jumper berru-i ou coals, and fresh straw to be distributed.On the second day after their condition was abtti same, with the exception of an increased thi-st drink 1ordered to be given was lukewarm wa:. r. taming lin.<«eed flower-. The saaje day 1 laid an 1*1 foatanelie between the ri -ht fore teg aad breast tf cow, to cause a counter irtiUUon aud drain lungs, continuing the'Trictions with th* linime**a great river In she viomuy of Central Sirica, by two youth* despatched by Ktearch, Kmg of the Uasis of Am- Bton yet 1 can bear witness that I heard of these little •edpienot only in Shoa but alio iu Ukambant, twode- arees to the south, and in Barajva, a degree aud a half to the north of the Equator. In Bsrava a Blare was shown to me who accorded completely with the description of Pilbo. He wan four feet High, very thick-set, dark coia- plexiooed, and lively, and the people of the place assured me that he waa of the pigmy race of the interior. It Is not impossible, too, that circumstances, such a* continual rains Irom May to January, soil other mean*, may con- tribute to produce a dimmutive people of stunted deve- topement in the Interior of Africa. A priori, therefore, the reports collected from different and mutually Inde-pendent points of Africa cannot be directly contradicted, only care must be taken to examine with caution the fabulous element mixed up with what may be true by na- tive reporter*. In the Suahili dialect "dogo" means small, and in the language of Enarea ••doa.u" ia indicative of an ignorant aud stupid peraon.A HlSTOKV OF THE IfjaSIONB IN JAPAK AKD PABA- oCAr. By Cecilia Mary CaddeU. New York: D. H.Sadiier&Co.The miaaron of St. Francis Xarier to Japan somethree centuries since, the brief progress of Chris- tianity in those islands, and the sanguinary ex- termination of the missionaries and their converts, form one of too proudest episodes to the annals of the Catholic church. The aobject ia Well and thoroughly treated to toe work before us, as ia also the kindred subject Of the missions of the Jseuitaia Paraguay. At a tone when Jesuitism and the Papacy are ia auca bad odor, this work may come hi opportunely to teach us that all sys- tems of religion and education have their bright aides.TH* CENTRAL (k>u>Baoiov. By Win. Gilpin. Phila- delphia: boner, Barnes «t Co.This work treats of the grain, pastoral and goldregions of North America, giving some new viewsof its physical geography. and observations on thePacific Railroad. It contains much valuable infor-mation to gold seekers and emigrants, and will bereceived as an opportune addition to our scantystock of knowledge as to the central gold region.A> HISTORICAI. SKETCHor COMJUKCIANDNAVIGA- TION. By George CoggeahaU. New York: Geo. P. Putnam.The author treats of his subject in all itsgeneral important bearings from the dawnof Chriatiaiu^y to the present period. His taining aud instructive.e andartick. ia\|LeRnme and to Amen of the onion oryeaatollWitch," and the "Crooked Breach," appeared ori- A GCIDE TO TBI DlSBABBS OF TUB ET> AND TFIKIRpretty sure to evince great precocious talent. Then he dances for tl.e piano, by F. B. Helsasmuller.was graduated at this or that college, the date of which Among other recent publications received arc event is carefully gtven. Everybody was prepared forthe honor thus conferred, for Its recipient had long pre-. the following pieces:—»viously attracted the attention both of his fellow students Bright Eyed Little Nell. A ballad. Under the and ot the prvfeesors, either by his px-try or prose, laabort, it v as evident to the whole neighborhood tint he Willow She',, Sleeping- The Sharon Springs Ma-The police agent, to whom the affair was entrust- from overpowering numbers of the whites. There arefully brirliani paperwhich hn read before the Pal* It -taKappa Society. Mis reputation, both for genius and learn- Mary's Welcome Home. Ho! Gondolier, awake ! ing, being i.o* ettabhehed, tho next event is a visit to Eu" Sweetheart. A bird's song. The Glendy Burk. ope. Here he aees more,audtnak.es wiser aadeuarporobservation* than any Oody else, lie writ* -long letters whichare published in the Journal Of his native village, and pro-nounced the best ever written; or he gets up essay* onhis return, which are printed for private cirsuhvaon; or,belter than all, he publishes a book in poetry or prose, ofwhich an enormous number of copies have baen sold.Two or three such eulogies might be excused in a work ofseveral volumes, out when they are to be found iu dozensin ahnost eveiy volume, they cease to have any value.wards and forwards through a circuit oi thousandsof miles of travel; every movement, from djay today, and every night, watched and noted. Spieswere set about tiiem in their most confidential hours;their intimates were pressed into the service against A 6.roup and prevailing feeling exists among people lo-t several head of cattle; that three cows w e e ithem- and finally a detective brought into contact hero that unlc-w something is done by the Indian* iu re, that having great fear of losing all hi* cows, be butwith the rogue, under such circumstances as to gain paration, or move away entirely, that we shall be obliged rated the sic'., from the well, believing the disease * x re .As for the articles ou the arts', sciences, languages, fcc., and the biographies of the mighty dead, there IK little trouble with them. All that is necessary it> to abbreviate and transpose those in other cycloua-dias, dictionaries, fcc. Sometimes, indeed, very little transposition Is made. Whole passages are merely transcribod, and what Is »ided bad often been better omitted. One writer takes chargewe believe, three thousand at another.' The tencough, and occasional hard breathuig. The infected m ButTered great pains in the breast, which b^caoie ert on. gently preening it to the right aad i on the side of the sword shaped l»on». The c.>w» m touch no food, and drink nothing, or but very litth,In winding up, be says: " Henry's reign has often been called a tyranny, but such it was uot, so far as the mass of the people was concerned, as he had, more than once, to yield to the bold expression of the popular will." (p. M-) According to thus logic, the government of Nero has also been " often" misrepresented, lor he, too, had «' to yield to the bold expression of the popular will.''cellar. All her movements, day by day, [from Another murder has been committed in our midst. Montgomery to New York, to Joukinto'vvn, and Frank Hadley, formerly from the eastern part of Ne-yon also be eligible a* I amfJoseph Roberm. Pourth^gimWrrt Artillery, V .TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. 3NORTON'S HANDBOOK TO BCBOFB; ar, How to Tra- veliatheOldWorld. ByJ.HSiddons. New York:Chas.B.Norton.tions,extraordinarydelaysandvexingdisappoint-and Sooth.'- "My Lady Ludlow," Ac., aw always which was not a Boman letter. Ha writea Kymhri Intended aa a substitute tor Murray's Handbook, ments. If such "freaks" oa the part of speculators supposed te contain medicinal properties, some hot, aad charge of which hi* industry wat unrelaxiag.Esq.; music by V. C. Taylor.The Dream of Home, Words by Thomas Moore}mtuac by G. Stigelli.Light Footed Galop. By F. B. Helmsmuller.the door. Will the HKKAI.D turn the wheel ? D. Am Ameriean Vldocq.has been working his claims for two weeks ; he averages from twi h e to sixteen dollar* per day to the man, aad thinks it n lair average of the whole region. There may be a few case* where pocket* are found that turn outdispensed with, as derogatory to the character of vice.Columbia. By L. M. (lottschalk.course Utile can be done during such a condition of thewas a man of genius- A Fourth of July oration, deliver-, Kourka. How shall 1watch thy Coming! Laureleu soon after at a certain village, placed this be) oud dis- Wreath Schoatische. Smiles aud Flowers. Whatpute ; or, if there were any so skeptical as to doubt Still,tbey were made a*named of their stupidity by a wonder- does Little Birdie say? Thou art with Me still. The rogue and his accomplice were hunted back-and demanding provision or whatever may suit theirfancy at sight, with knife or rifle in band, and in one or epidemic.t B*Oinstances where they have met men singly on th* In April, 1830,1 was called to the firm of Peter open plain, aad their demands not complied with, have nisseu, situated between Rocrmonl aad MsWhile AH is Hushed. Patty Cake. Chant du Cigne. Ever of Thee. Our Musical Friend. Toic- my Polka. Union "Bell" Polks. Lincoln Quick-shot at them. One or two men have been known to be abounding in huge and splendid past-.ires. Mr. killed by them But the circumstances arc not known. see complained that he and some of his neighbor* Istep.Prince Royal Polka Brillante.his confidence, be accepted as a counsellor, and obtain actual possession of the money in trust.Maroney stole the money from the private pouchof the express company—ten thousand dollars atoue time, forty thousand dollars at another, and,to clean them out. Th «re is a meeting of citizens now in th* contagious. After a careful examination, I cam* hi r t > e forgrave to consider what they will do in the matter. There is conclusion that the maladv was caused by the sehj « bi t ta strong feeling that Indians must leave peaceably, if they ot the organs of life, which principally depend Dps uu. T*iiSmith, as interpreter, during Killniore'jFresideucr. They dry. These symptoms were nr/'omnanied bf iMAPS.One of the most complete chart* that has as yetwill, forcibly if we must. Two of the chief* are presentbeen published is tho general map of Ireland, jusissued by Messrs. Doran, Behen A Maker, of Phila-delphia. It is compiled from the latest government surveys, and presents the principal physicsfeatures and geological structure of the island, be name. It remained there till April, when it waathink it is very hard that tbey shall be hold to an account for tae doings of the fife different tribes now In thii re glon—that if their own men commit any outrages tbeyThere is an independence of thought aad a in a space from Hackensack to Naveaink, fromfreshness about the first number of the National north to south, and from Jamaica to Elizabethtown, to watch and to direct her movements as t|ie police and were returning to the river. Hadley had been in hiswhich we like—the critical articles are piquant aad uenchant, and we hope its future numbers will be sustained with the same ability, and that it willhave a long and prosperous career.SOURAMBULISM AMI CUIMP. By Baron Reichcnbach.Translated from the German by Jno. J.Hittel. New York: Published by Calvin Blanchai d.Baron Iteidienbach published in Germany in 1855The Connecticut CommisKioners, to act with New tains many very curious and interesting facts. York in ascertaining and establiabiug the vague MAHGAKUT {fottCRiarr, TBK Fnwr Lova OF and uncertain line between the too States, haveagent desired. employ some time. Card was hired at Golden City and was unused to driving cattle, and male very awkward When the evidence was strong enough i Maroney work of it. The. wagon master was absent from tin was arrested and put in the Eldridge street iad. 'A train most of the time, settling his business ailairsa comprehensive work entitled: Der SeimtireMensch und Sein VerhaUen mm ode. (SensitiveMan and his isolation to the Odic Power). The Our Disputed Boundary w i t h Connec- volume before us is the translation of a portion ofthat work, relating to somnambulism. It con-made another blunder, and was the recipient of the usual amount of curses and personal abuse from Hadley. Cud remarked that he was doing the best he cuukl, that he waa unused to driving, that if he did not suit the wagon master who employed him, it was time enough to quit then; that be did not consider bim boss of the train and did not want any more of his abuse. Whereupon Hadley told him he would show him he was baas and thai he must obey. He came up and drew bit ox whip to strike Card, but before striking dropped the ehip and collared iim. Card stru«*;at Ht4JM|r with his whip after being cHJarcd A rough end tumble scuffle ensued in which Card seemed to have a little the advantage, when Hadley drew his knife and stabbed bun in the abdomen. On being stabbed,Card broke loose and ran around theued the rubbing with liniments, but coutin.ied the) my medicine. ThcFeparateJ cattle were stili in si condition.On the fearth day the same condition was obasou the da f before. Two of the recovering cow*deei.:<-i improvement at the ocalMy and nu&ali ahine:<<retioiibandstale The s"U>i:.-1vi in*and UMKhanatter wasotaefcarsj*! by them. I<continuance of the medicine as before, and a oaboiled and pounded potatoes to be mixed w ith tbHFor the healthy eatrW n***h*sn* was prescribed. HuOcause of the Legislature, with a map, showing the A highly interesting episode in our Revolution- facts of the case. The conduct of New York in re- • ary history, aud in the life of a remarkable man..., ference to tlus disputed boundary is very singular.l dry mc. much stroller, the left inflamed, and the ceP* STJ**< br«t.idrfrom east to west.shoals in the upper and lower Bay.It also shows all the banks and: fpWif^^P!*C^;-'«^t-;,"!^jp;ifpa*^ ^"HP- _Adiices from MiddU Park"Mxtmnvt Conflajmtum in thesettled by the courte of the United 8tateS| ge«;re- fbrt.H—Report* from the Arkantas Rim—Largt Yidi our position on th* extra*** end of th* « • *reliablerthemoatpart,tooheary Howeaa1bat,ashere,ohaatma,Invn*youftwyoorsesi spectdemandsthissection,thoughthewjboteeona- tf tiold—htditm Dtpredatims—Ctomctt tf War by(Kt t*aaMdia*eryontoeehfog at Cairo. A Tedown Out dangeron* stream to the ArcWpea,hto irt> Along the shore, of a op* he cdlpted * j n . " 'iaopentaw)**,toCape?•»•§*«• '"••*#aet-Uemeotoof the Hudson's Bay and Northwest Compa- aad dull for any but the .scholar and the student. to collect bouquet* of tbanhwompoahte feudlage ot try is not worth the expense offightingfor Ifements;leavingthequestionofjurisdictiontobewind. Weweresocega'santofherdangertUt*.got op ia cheap atjrte, that the reader of moderate Works of Charles Dickens.'• "The Nineteenth Cen- A very complete aud excellent snannal for artil- One of the most important subjects to ft commer after leaving Gregory'* was up Boulder creek to the -of Sa£S** "*'a5 s£ means maj find tt within hi* reach. , We would sog- tary,""AGlaaooa»the Fiaa Asto," "The Poems 0 cial community, except, indeed, itbeaextia va snowy range. The party were obliged to shovel a Uailgiwtte>4mptttoHiemthatbetterprintingandbindlag would havemuchenhancedit*valne. ToeufofBiaabothBarrettBrowning,""ttaty,Paatand SCHOOLOFmmGem*. Designedforjhoj^i/ luetothepress,iatheperfectingofasystemof throughtheanowfromtwototwentyfeetfortwomite* Oor Havana Corre»pondenc«.Present, "Notice* aad Criticiims."postage or mail—And such a one as cannot be tri-beforereachingthe•ommitoftherange, andindescend--Charles Martei is "Kari toe HamaVer," thus traas- TBBATMBKT—For the use of Students and Young leave it in the hands of private individuals, who markfMf discoveries have,been made thai far , but the' uBual beaors 10 Che tY ecideat, sots* — f ' U Ugin»lJyia"Houathold Worn*" aad "All the Year lating one halfthe name into German aad the other Practitioners. By Dr. F. A. Von Mosoaaisker. wiH, through competition with each other and an color ha* been obtained in ahnost every instance where health of Mr. Buchanan, to which a eider observe*,Bound.''TheirmeritfuOyjnstifieathen*republica-halfintoEngliah;forCtoriahewritesChtodwig; Baltimore:Cushing&Bailey. objecttooutdoeachotheralso,veryshortly[carry theyhaveprospected.Thepartybringingtheinforma- readydooaj* "hte,air,"sail,sheprop-neat,«ition in book form. tion returned for a supply of provisions. There ia aoTKAVTLS, RiMKABcaaa AH» MMMOKABT Laaoaf, for Louis he write* Ledwig (just imagine Ludwtg The only merit which the author claims for him- our mail matter in one-half the time and at one doubt but there are vast treasures In the Kiddle Park speaking of the nam, and not of the Pretideat-Duuwo AN Eioimaw Yr.aaa' * » » • • < * I* *U*r- KMH Araa-a. By Ket. 1*. J. U w » Krapf. Boa- ton: Ticknor & field*.Ail reliable accoants of th* mraterioas•f Africa are at this flaw eagerlyDr. Krapf, the author of thfe work, U wefi «ifor the task which he has uftdertalBeB,fromthe metXIV. of France), and ao of other names.plicitly of the various forms of ophthalmic disease that a new era was about to dawn opon the postw We are aware that it is tserknis .matter to. approaoh and so to combine the extracts aa to bring under arrangements of America. J jwhich win amply reward the labors and privations of theman who has been ignobly attacked by a corrupt an* whose fci r fame tbey have attempted to then* own base dirt by constructive and fab charges aad testimony, before a eonmitw dA Mof hi* h a r i n c * ^ * * * * * • « • * ° * ^ * have they paM fbr their rastuirs*. IwSt, they are a*only ninety, it proves beyond a doubt that "notmissionary in tfe aery** <* the Baden Church M*- sailed by a certain moraingJournal a* if taey bad com-The same author has also published a small United States mail department." The sequel to much water yet for SUCOOBBM aaadag. There has b*»n armament of freedom we ha,v*e afloft located ins u n Upamphlet "On the Use of the ArtMcial MembraneTympaniinCasesofDeafness,DependinguponPerforation or Destruction of the Natural Organ.'1 party placing two letters—one itt an expiesl box sions, tool*, cabins, and the oocupmu la some theCovode uvesAigattM." h was received <aiooaryfloriety,aad of his having made extensive journeys into the interior aid along the coast Th* work contains an appendix respecting the snow capped mountains of Eastarn Africa, the sourcea of the Nile, the languages and literature of Abyainia and Eastern Africa, 4 c , together with a concisemitted »ome orime too atrocious id be forgiven ia thts world; and all whowant "complunentary copies"of the work,ordeairetobeimmortalizediaIt*pages,areex- pected to follow suit. To be forced to run the gauntlet in this way, all that is necessary is to attempt a criticism.extensive fires raging la the pines about the Blue, I p^ ©f heaven. Ifanch place there be. My friend this is, that a "private express" will deliver letters friend*self in regard to this publication is that he has em- half the cost. 1 jI had hoped, from some few external reformsployed bis best judgment in choosing from writers which have been made—more by forc« of ««bbcwithout gloves. An extract will amuse oar on this subject those portions thai treat most ex opinion than By ©oaeidenation for public good- oeverie*, e*tber In the Middle l-ark or any other miaiag'•The New American Cyclopedia" is handledprmvcriag nroapector. None other need attempt dfathis work n ith any other lanauafe than that of eulogy, sod adiuiratioa. A few, Indeed, hgve. ventured-to hntt that :< is not all which it is represented to be: but dear*/one view the description of the nature, symptoms aad appearaaees thereof.But when I see ft stated m public print that thetetter carriers of this city amount in the whole tong mm now in the Middle l<*rk Bwonteetiaf, and with strong by rnptoms of complete success.^tmmm*^*TM ay,.!*. -^'V^KWI^P^ipHpiypppahead of mail time. This can be proved by any destroying not only vast amounts of valuable timber,i .pan*the Malt* of James ftii*b**iii Tallinn pineandsSpliriuKc"e^, bOuUt( buurnminug tiec«urwts,,wa^govnms,' seventime*tried,andnottebeUrnishoibythdhourly delivery and collection front sunrise to sunset. doubt they will do so. The whole country is covered State prisoners (sixty), has found some A collection of highly entertaining stories, con- The department now carry "city drop letters" for thickly with a growth of spruce aud yellow pine, which culty in getting out of port—thePapers," "A Day in the Dead letter Office, ment now sweep away this tax altogether, anp de- The wanton or careless firing of woods or prairie cannot want of room, and that the vessel Mnot seaworthy^liver- all letters for the postage paid, and pay then* be too severely condemned, and should be carefully the captain, officer* and crew, on setng the ebaraet*r| carriers out of the department. I . I avoided by all. From T.unyall and the South Park ad- appearance of their passengers, not satisfied with I"Fire! Fire !'* and "Edith." KBW MUSIC.It is this system which works so well in Kugland. vice* are few and not very reliable. Many are leaving being on board at all, uader the fear that they i We have received from Messrs. Bcharfenberg A and why not here? The public can have no [right and going over the divide on the Arkansas. There is a the ship after getting to sea, when be would be po«Luis the Japanese March, composed by Kiguor Mu/.io, a brilliant composition which promises to be as popular as the Uaribaldi Rataplan by the sami- composer.ditch being dug which will furnish water to valuable claims to pay for what has already been obviously pre- which cannot be worked at present for want of water."paid. 'ihe ditch will probably be finished in two or three weeks But another and by far the most important point when news from this vicinity will be more cheering.to be gained by such an arrangement is the saving From the Askanaas, there are various report* as to the in time by having no collection. Whilst a carrier richness of California aud other gulches running into it,The authorities are endeavoring to reconcile the i trouble*, not accompluwed at an early hour this i The British steam sloop Valorous, sixteen guns, commander, entered port this morning from a criusu gave the usaal salute oourtesics, which were responded to. The Crusader, Maffitt, has been doingifictitious arrest was made, aud •one of Pipkefton's preparatory to returning, and had left Hadley io charge medicines. For the healthy cattle uo chao^e was We have received from J. On ell Lever, Esq., agents was placed in prison with him, and si long of the train. Hadley took every occasion ottered <m the third day I noticed a satisfactory chang*EKQKA VINGS.President of the Atlantic Royal Steam Company, an engraving of the company'* now and splendid steamer the Connaught. Judging from her lines, as they appear on mis print, she ia one of the most perfect models afloat.history is made of the processes by which! Mafoncy by Card's awkward blunders iu driving to curse and of the sick cows. Thev drank freely. Tiie:r «y«was made to confide in this Mr. ~, confessing the robbery and where the money was, and I engaged his aid to get up a defence' aud to dispose of the money.Maroney was made to believe that the money was safely put away for him. Every dung he did was under the advice of his prison friend, until on the arrival at Montgomery, whither he was sent under an executive requisition, to be tried on the indictment, he was confronted in court %y his bo- som counsellor as a police detective. He imme- diately gave in and pleaded guilty;t i c u t .[From the New Haven Journal.].1. , j• ith tb^i * nVicrii-A AEON Bran. By Chas. Burnett. New York: made their report, and it has been printed for the Australian K*a«k«-t Ships and Thili Pai-On the fifth cay 1 found two of the c.;*« to bet bly btlter—the third having die! th* preceding si)Derby &Jackson.. wager Accommodation*.] TO THE KlUTOt OF XHK JHBUtfiJThinking that the public arc not very well icqdainted wagon, followed by Hadley, knife in hand, when the Its Commissioners, after agreeing jrith the Cunnec- witlt the description of accommodation anbrded in the herder stopped any further fighting. Card said he wasridneyt were also atiecled• the ex-rt-meat- isDa BOISMONT . ON HaiAPciNATroK. . Colurnhua, ticat Commjisslooerf three years ag»rand after com- passenger ships to Australia, aad are apt to be {led [astray badly cut, and waa told to get into a wagon aud lie downOhio: Joseph H. Riley A Co., publishers.by tho alluring circulars of agents in New York,! take the liberty of throwing Bome light, to the best Of my ability, upon the mode of conducting the passenger tradetill a doctor could be bad and the v,agnn master should arrive. Card lingered along tul Thursday nigh', when be died. There seemed to be a disposition ou the part of the party to keep the affray quiet, and Card was buried by his murderer. So«e emigrants camping near, however, became posseaaed of the facta, arrested Hadley and brought him and his wit- nesses to this city, when be was brought before a peo- ple's tribunal of three Judges aad twelve Juror* and found guilty of murder ia the first degree. The testi stony was! mainly as above, by those who saw th* affray. The doctor employed guve a very strong teetlmooy in favor of the prisoner and also disclosed the fact that he was not particularly eminent aa a surgeon. His testimony had litmach dry, and several red spot* were tu the canal, which waa filled wivbjfoulsio»U:ag air.Alter having' made these and other ob«erv*beai| dissectioa* In similar cases, I believe that thef cauiie of the Uuswe-e lies in the weakeued state • ' gans of respiration. Icadiog to cnfeeble-i vitalitf **«' destruction of the lung*. The proximate cau*» < cotMhtton may be found in unwholes -eve food. <er swampy meadows, wet and cod weather, rav*-**fnspi< nt rough windsoib or not is uncertainit exhibited inelf in such var> ing degrees and tno" a route, that 1 am led to doubt its infectir.i*iO\"bther and more northern locaiitie* the dii«B* more violently, and there the peo;>l'' believei *' epidemic. 1 amtinned my treatment ta ssv*» casei in that vicinity, having the sathfact.on Hi thv diseaaed cows u> healta iu tbroi- »it-k>. w.rt. wptiraw.This is a translation by Robert J. Huline fromthe French of A. Brierre de Boismoot, M. !>., giv-ing the history aud explanations of apparitions,visions, dreams, ecstacy, magnetism and somnam-bulism. The author divide* his subject into hallu-cinations co-existing with sanity; ^hallucinationsinvolving insanity; halluciuatios^Frelation to illu-sions; hallucinations in monomania, stupidity, ma-nia, dementia and general paralysis; hallucinations than twenty miles west of the Hudson, and should, in delirium tremens; hallucinations in nervous dis-eases, in nightmares and dreams: hallucinations inecstacy, animal magnetism and somnambulism, innitlamnia toty and other diseases, and with the mo-mencing to run the line, fonnd that a few hundredacres of very poor land, which had hitherto beenclaimed by New York, rightfully belouged to Con-necticut. They therefore refused to proceed, and with the Colonies. Unfortunately, however, I shall no', no efforts can prevail upon them t<j ascertain aud be able to state anything which will bo liltcly to ad4 fix the boundary as it should be. coloring to those eulogiums so commonly livtshad uponmirers.A* one of the second cabin passengers recentlv arrived in Melbourne by jlio S. 0; Glover, bf theThe facte are very simple find easily understood. the United States of America by their most ardent ad-In 1603 the two States agree I Hint*their boundaryshould be a line twenty n,Moseas|of the Hudson",Whether the di-^M>e fteiwith a further agreement providing that Connecti-cut should retain the towns on the Sound, Green- l'ioneer line, I »m desirous of exfvosing Hie [ treat-wich and Stamford, already settled by her, lessment I Lave received. That you may be better Bt>leas an equivalent, give New York a.strip along it-*western boundary north of those towns. It wasfound that Connecticut had overrun the line in theSound towns 61,440 acres, and thiaauiount was tobe taken from its western portion north of them.ral aud physical causes thereof, and proper treat- This agreement was not carried oat till 1731, when 3 feet, and a great iron w»cer tank Stretching ojut inioAt the speci U desire of Mr. rujanh>eu. I apo> ton to eax h of the healthy cows and k.pt it mfoi about a fori nig hi. I also ordered the sam.' sn'-JlMessrs. Alexander Houston, connected with the houseTax NATIONAL QI ABTXIU.Y ftansw, edited by Ed- SLAVKKV. Edited by Luther iiawsoo Marsh. tween the heaps of stone was a straight line from tut ion, I am strongly under the impression she-might of Mitchell & Allen, New York, and M. B. Uobunoa, of the if the symptoms of the disease be different. »e fins.'1a a r d J. hears. A. B. Vol. I. Mo. 1, June 1, New aork: Padtey 4 touseu, j»ub-Indiera.A publication of this kind was a desideratum in Hew York, which was able to boast of first claw aeirapaperejwjnpplying brains to the journals <a the'that could not pointtoanythe- Prtijiyofitsintelligenceand [position, aa "the Empire City" andNew York: A. B. Burdick. north to south, and that the same auantity of land i have survived the voyage if proper medical (treatment house of Jules Hauel k Co., Philadelphia, reported a n a a c ci.-h < uwi <A tlie animal, that death is not ai**? ' was conveyed to New York which eras taken from j liad been provided. But there was no medical olqVr or the lost, have arrived at Nashville, and furnished the d'K-»rt by the same causes. In all c a s t . honrevK,'] This is a collection of the writings and speeches it in the towns on the Sound. Th« line itself was i other competeut person on board to attend aoy of the Vtiicn newspaper with the following.— setting in of the disease, I would, without beMUt***]to the American people. London IJUVXS OF GRASS. Bostoa. Thayer it Eldridie. has two of three powerful, waD sustained quarter-They also found that almost all the set-off linesirom the bne twenty miles east of the Hudson, wer a manifested itself. The list was incot»»pJete: due of the after great difficulty, was mistered. The nightmtt glad to see ft wiped away.' one identity, any more than my lands aretasriubiy* The country over which the bne jpasse* U geue- hope that you will ol.ltpe by giving a wide circ*Ut»« toa*Med, and madf one identity,by" marked abflSty. tbried learning, criticJ1 Katefelies, climate*, the gram of the groat PastoralUntitled DocumentThermbHeationnowbeforausIsrheraeterbtedtallvbarrenanduninhabited. On|yafewhjuse- tliefacLs-«*t»nie-t herein,aad Is.crerrtytrtt^titmnWKITUIOS AW» SeascBKS OF ALT AN STEWART ONof a most parsisteut aud consistent abolitionist o this State—one who, according to the preface,never surveyed till 1856, when, ow%gto the do-ibts , passengers if any disease had broken out aidoiuit us On tne 3Sd June we made oar exit from Memphis, of danger, recommend th* above treatment. C**t of the people as to where the line was, Commis- and in no portion of the ship was there anl plaxL-set Tenn., and took passage on board of the Boo Lewis, be taken is bleeding Where cow.-' are found V > be W*'quickest of the Mississippi boats, and carried the h o r n s - and where there are no symptom* of internal sioners, appointed by bqth Statea, went over the j ajttrt for a hospital, where my aister couldlhavte bad Captain Hanson being but recently appointed to command tsou, bleeding would be more iniurious ttm hn>to comprehend the confined space of tho secon* cabin 1 ' tie or no weight with the tribunal. Several witnesses werewill here give yon its dimensions, also of the different ar- ticles which tend to render it more uqcoinfortibM The whole extent may be comprised within 12 leetlby 19 feet, on each side of which project l>erths four feet wide the whole length, three la a tier. There are alsojtibles on each side 6 fieet by 3 feet, a large ladder!" (bet bybrought to testify to Hadley'* good character, but failed to establish it. At about live P. If ou Saturday the jury returned a verdict of "Guilty of mur- der in the first degree," and the Judges sentenced him to be hung on Monday, June 2», between two and five P. M Late in the evening there was a petition in circulation to have seme action taken to reprieve Hadley, or commutethe true west line of Connecticut, twenty miles east, the centre 3 feet, and 5 feet in diameter. Dir-reTalso the punishment to whipping. They obtained but tewment of the same. The book ia full of examples of the Hudson being established, the commission- we have to and room for our luggage, which w > are com' I signers among the business portion of the community »o he given temporarily that I prt^ribe-i fJT it'pelled to make seat* of. otherwise we would no( have Early on Sunday morning it wa* rumored that he had es but in more moderate doM-s. After tlut none of ers proceeded to ascertain the breadth of the , standing room. Imagine our jiosition in th s narrow ' caped. The rumor did not gain credence till near noon, tie were" attacked by the sam • disease, and cut* « "equivalent tract," not by ruuniug a parallel line space, where twenty-four so6ls.ire huddled totetbW to ; however, when it was ascertained to be a fact. No one kind became more aad more rar« m the sjrn awardly.at points about two miles distant from whom are females, for whom not the *l»ght*3t' woYHion i caped. By Holme Lee. New York: W. A. Townaead & each other and placing a stake and heap of stones ; had been made, even for distinc ion bo*wecu ihe Ux^s 'malady, I practiced Uie same treatment, and • was quKkly rendered but fe « rows died.Although I only possess the accounts of ne****>**] the subject of the epidemic amou^ cattle iu Maniacs*I am at liberty in ru*ert that if the <ti%msi be s*' tical, there exists a Mron*- similarity betweennow prevalent aad that previously referred tCo. where they thought their measurements struck the Jt One of tbcm, my giater, unable loendurc the fonlmir tviowAn entertaining seaside novel, and one that can- line agreed upon. Connecticut then iu due form wa* compelled te make herabod? upon, deck jindtr theT n e B e n L e w b D i m U r A g a i u - T h r Cams* o f t h e CntsiKtropne E x p l a i n e d .not fail to prove popular.ceded to New York the tract iatvuded ui the I fore hatch whisre she succumbed to the excessive fatigue ) and anxiety attending her miserable position. I AlfiioiiK equivalent, each State believing that the line be- : she had been for *ome time paat of a verv wealtly (joruti"marched twenty-seven years ago a* a moral re- ground, lliey found about one-half'of the monu- Lany chance to recover; bat she was comiiielfed to her. At the Urns of our departure we had sixty t v e In such case* it is bettor sot to bleed, but to ai cruitingsergeant(forsoMstyleshimself)intothe ments,orsupposedmonuments,ortraditiona1State lie up.* tola* onder a^lv^tch, exposed to the 8b_£.?*!twe*,ty d"* PasBengers, Ashort period only coolingdissolvingpurgativemedicines.wilderness, and Irmly plantedtheenstgnupona toefence*,butfewornoneofthemattheirproper night air of the tropics wEbe ia a auJofTrapi4 elapsedwhenIwetit betow^.and what wasmyastonishDB 8CH*LU>'s£l MOIMVKKNOS,WeotcbojterCO.,K.T.,July,t»*jGrapes a n d Hhsd<- Tree*. TO THE aarroa ot TVE nKK*i.n.The plague of worm* is noon us in an 1 arouaijsummitaroundWhichthe van*arenowassemMing."distances,andnoneofthemonthetruelineparal-lel with the line twenty miles east tf the Hudsondecline. I^*» I most net omit to state that when the veLel but to sea, and our names were railed «»ver, another dinVubymenttofindallinUMgrOMCaleaptauon,fromtheoanpe of steam, caused by an^MbjBressureT forcing its way through the weak polittMr^h* machinery; this,passengers, who pr<»duced a bona fide ticket, haying been of Saturday the ran aa her usual time with too long, so that the land embraced by them gave most unaccountably omitted, and he was:left b> chows caution, but as soon as daylight shone on us shelies, and Edmburg has otit intellectual en • vary remarkable series of poems, which hare New York 2,774 acres more than she was entitled either to go ashore or remain sod take his chauqe uogfae of the name kindf, whilst hi this create*thefiercestdisputesinliterarycircles. io,andthatthelinedescribed,sofarasitwaa berthbeingprovidedforhim.«e,however,jcboae'the dredmliesbelowCairowetookoaboardtwoplanters, devisedtodestroythem,withonlypartialeffect,Boston, which arrogantly claims to be the Athensled to sleep ou deck during the greater part <>r t h e v o y - as they would not slacken at such a time. Bet wont troughs, that have cleared the tree* io the hosptslf lnsaoM—BBhitts,sues**, ptors, shipping, storehouses, confessedly false line should be observed and re-es- age, some during the whole time, the heat and foulness point and Hickman the guage cocks of the four boilers aad the foliage is perfect, as may be seen b> ai' tbrjWith much that is undeniable trash, we find here described, was a aig-aag line Ike a Virginia latter to running the risk of losing his passage money with slaves; the/ soon became alarmed and asked the the circular trough was adopted in Vew Htvee i rail fence, instead of a straight line. < i.i This uufbrt mate person had to pass tlie voyage mast uii- cause of such tugh pressure aad speed of the beat, whoagreat republic, which exce!s the mothrt- toktry inmental activity hi various branches of art and and there passages which display strong ideality, neetieut proposed a new survey, but Sew comfortnbly, Fh-eprog among tho boxes and lumber wrapt the clerk replied it waa her trial trip and that she had te twenty years since, which, when thoroughly stt.rich imagination, aad large descriptive power, such York insisted oa profiting by i the mistake in wtiaterer clothing he could procure froth his EaimSZ this point made one hour over her usual tune. At every p?oved effectual. The gentlemanly saperintendeat* science, there is but a single quarterly, aad that of as the follow is** :— aad demanded that the old, crooked, uneertain and In fact, more than one half of the passengers were compel- landing the slave* were taken to the stern of the New York llnvpilal, Mr. D a m h , made circular Ifof toe United States. Till the want was supplied and the essaaie** wwrtawew waffcag la toe sawn, tabushed, by renewing the monuments. .Here the of the atmosphere betcw, where there w«.- notlhe sliaht marked a great variance, when they should always be era in Broadway. There has been much trouble iby the National, there waa no such periodical ia Aad 1 too of the ataaaabalta,aiogmg thereo —ial no two commissions stack, and the New York Legisla- ert ventilation, except through the hatch door beia ' al kept equal. At Hickman I had an opportunity of count- ting s fluid te til the trough free fron: object!**^ less m myself than the whole of tie Saanahatta la ture has had the discourtesy to orddr its own Com- most beyond endurance With regard to the Scovlsion* ing the deck bands, being thirty-six in number, snarchin* Capt. W. «'. Taylor, near New Bedford, whose gabe found fat the chief city ot toe united State*. BBBBBsj missionerstogoon, without consulting Cormecti- lmut.talso sute that th» contract in this ant in other from the store house with boxoaof apples. At tiiu oust infected with worms aad rurculw>, adopted u-.u*r ^Th» was a reproach to its enlightenment, and we Singing the song of Tbeje, my ever Baited land.*—» cut, and put up monuments on this lalso, crooked matter* was m no way fulfilled to the aatlsfaet on S the a bet waa ssade between the pdot aad the engineer, tobody no *MT* inevitably aafted, part to part, aad mide and uncertain line.jKOMeogcrK.I have ventured to trespa« upon you so far with themake the landing at Columbus laoa* hour and tUrwe mi nutes, a distance of twenty mile*, against the strong cur- rentoftheMississippi;Itwaslostbyseehalfminute,thetjrTtorvsx Cirr, June ST, Iiith until ahV duaj pea-, « TJhiroalle lowly to expM* at «•* ment, a* ate trembiod like an aspen leWaUakesT;HTvifes—Particular* tf tte Murder tf J. B. Car* bf Frank lladley—The Arrttt, Oonnction and Etcape ofthe Murderer, ate.sjapaaj after her leaving when she eoilajid *rter ner leaving when *ne collaptad. wtt PA mae.idlwict in this region. There are at the least calculationoue hundred and fifty of our best and most reliable mln J*ff 9Qmm> fiMr* >tetendedjasnbsm* ^ ^anory of Baebanan oil g i i t r n j one-fourth ©r the city mail matter goes through the From the Wue there is little mrninir news. There is too tbe brightest star* which give tight and beauty sit 1The warm weather is made eadurabie by eoestali res.-km of festivities in the neighboringOne Nathan Maroney has been convicted at Mont- large amo >nts, but such are rare. The whole gulch can Queens of the Ked an 1 lbs Blue ruling in[From the New Orleans Picayune, June 20.]gomery, Alabama, of robberies committed upon Adams' Express Company, of which he was agent, to the amount of $53,000. He planned his rogue-hardly be expected to be made of such pockets.Cotistant Schottische. Composed by Jean Manas.'The language of Feeling. Words by Rev. Dr. J. ries so adroitly, and secured his spoil so successful month*. Real estate does uot command as good price*ly that, although suspected and discharged, it tookten months of constant surveillance by a skillful de-Santa Lucia. Arranged for the piano by Henri tective, and a moat ingeniously contrived series of money markit. Money command* readily twenty toplots, to get proof against bim and recover the twenty-two per cent per month, with real estate security. fiosellen. •*money. The exposure was so perfect that he final- There is hardly a day passes but we hear of IndiansCniravari. A collection of new and fashionable ly pleaded guilty, and received tho sentence of ton committing some flight depredations on stragglersor more years Imprisonment in the Alabama Penitentiary. r -mote settlers on ranches where there is little to fearW. Ctnnniings; music by DomenicoSperanza.ed, was one Allen Piukerton, a detective policeman of celebrity in Chicago. He was sent fori to Mont- gomery, and had the full confidence of the compa- ny, who, having paid the money, were extremely anxious to punish the faithless agent, and if possi- ble to recover the fifty thousand dollars, which they felt convinced had not been parted with.now in our midst aad around us Anagohoe?, Cheyennes, Apaches, Otmariches, Kiowa*—principally of the two termer. Members ot ea ;h tribe have been known to commit tosM petty depredations, but most of it is laid to Kiuwas. Camauches and Apaches. These depredation* consist in the main iu killing stock cattle for their food, tearing down fences, turning their ponies on to the randies and gardens, utterly dMtroy tag them ; walking into cabins,thousand dollars were employed in the purchaseof cotton in South Carolina. The forty thousanddollars package was put in a box, and sent by ex-, are willing to nave them punished. Resolutions werepress to Galveston, in Texas, under a fictitiousadopted appointing a committee to confer with the Indiansand Inform tliom of their action. Also resolved, that they bills and beat alternated at bn« 1 intervals. Tuettlwhile there and back again to Montgomery and to New York, were supervised hour by hourJ Women with whom she became acquainted were I engagedbraska, was arrested ou Friday list for the murder of J.' B. Card, formerly from Quincy, Illinois. The parties were driving teams iu thdemploy of John Farrier, a freighter,Business in this arty is, generally speaking, dull. There has been little or uo improvement lor the last twothe Countess of San Antonio in all the region fron '• Eden," her Qulnto, to the westward, including the of Puenu-s Ciandes aad Marianoo. Ihe lather of tti tans, and ever to be remembered Sama, has b—t. Marquis of Marianno by the Qaeen Ojr health Mare dead.Tne Cattle Dtaea.se.TO TIIK KOITOa OP THK HBMA1.D.Haviog read with attention a n l a great deal ofthe newspaper account'- of the disease n?w rarlag MI fully among-the cattle of the 9.ate of Mosacbii am reminded of similar cases which occurred is i tice on the boundaries of Belgium aad Hoiiaad, borders of tae river Mass, in the year 1459.careful comparison the n\rnptomsappear to m? to I great resemblance to the characteristic* of theas some two or three months since. Money is very Bcarceaud tight. It being the basis of all business her*, of rable. More than ten per ceat of the Africans at,nervous and arterial system*. The eye* appeared n at the meeting—oue who was at Washington with Mr. and dull, the pulse slow aad wavering, the tongues*abuse him, calling him all manner of names ex- little livelier and their'pulse m^re regular. I uotiacept a gentlemnn. Card put up with it as best the tenaland alvine dischsrwes were dim;ni»hHb he could till on Wednesday night, on driving iuto a corral tity—the latter being dry and combiurd withfor the night, about four miles below this city, Cart matter. I then gave a loosenitig intention aa-1 &*~*York. Our beautiful shade tree* and grapevines I sped through the water at a dangeron* speed. One hun- com* unsightly and kntbsnme. Many plans hart >tfJkVhonor and truth.' When the tasiigatom of tan r ;<•*tn i ttw-siI dipcovrred at the diswetion thatb >th lungs v?rt<'tlhave c 1 must n•ey rem '-, iadtoe*»et ner, •stent«** dnbt toOalifc, there'fj'bsiikBf^M. ie Mn*»b<^as a fluid, and a circular rant iron trrugh. with 11*to keep out ihe water, and ha* sueossded b-yo»dbody else in ridding his premises of them. U s*f ' KB an soncurioustnentomologywillexperimentaudoMfyJellow matter and black soagulUea blood. TnelIn the country of wliJ'1talafjiiaeoc o: •i. t c V. U.t»I y | sfHun^n snd brfjrfnal' thought. Th~ subjects Eu_ >a^_.^ .•»• I'WSMHP >death, a n i s i c , products good and evil—309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069liolders are interested.rt prineipi'lv inriver. As aoou as we touched at Columbus". the engineer of the Chenaey. m tu- ru-mity of live BVii Lewis, became aUrmed at th* sui • ofiiiuiuaiiitcu. vny a lew njuse- IK-productive of nervice. I would bn gUl d h4r iii quickest run on record at that particular stage of the communicate surh information to me, the puW*ed, and theyathe village of Hitchncock's Corners. •* In view of'th-have the benefit of it. 1 wnh every edit*rval'ie» the lieautv o ku ritk or v:ila«e. wojld ca«bction of New York, it «loe, notpThwwwomas M. Ta.fultoenhisryniskident, that thme few Imee had tended to o,^n the Xn of some of our Amenr.io cousin* wdth reeird to ta- Way- iatory.com 