•-.si *«• »» '?i'»JU um#^ ta »u ^im ft»^>v<?«r,i-n MS a«-*'t*« *- e» >»^ iiaii-"2^:foL.Et-^-Jiaa64a ^^QM WASHINGTON.NEW-YORK,FRIDAY,MARCM16. 1860.PRICETWOLATEH FROM SUBOJ^^" 1^jaaan«9^tn*t7iif so, ita resua- The Comnrissloner of Indian Affairs baa issued athe bill ;tbebeliefthatItwillaidthempoliticallyInthe ForsinipiertotendentofWeighUaadMeasnresj loo ^x eonttogent expenses ao6-•Vn hMtti.fn Szecvtire aeuion, today,eitation IsFor toeFer redemption'M^HnnSENATE.AUAKT, Thursdav.For Ccmpttaller's ClerksFor Secretaiy of Stated ClerksFor State Kagtoeei's ClerkaFor SapertotesdaatofFablielnitmetion Clerks. 1600 For State Ireasnrer's Clerks.For Attomey.eenerai's Clerks and Hastengers.For Offleers and Members of LegislatureFar postage, ete., of LegislatsreFor Maaaal ef LeglslatareTheMomBill Btfon PuUnafB- -''sBBIOZiaUf TKSilTAOAlH. •Bd'SaBBtar MAM! ezpraaiedimprobable.ol billsForrederapUon of stock dne first of February,ebalnnan of tlMie Committees is MIowinc tahtowU be faond Interesting, a«iiw iniaat itata of the Texan frontier nivwnS THB KinUBBB mm POeiTIOHThe Anti Renters are to great glee to-day, over the^--i' i^w>>vi> fi«4lta^IeNays, 9. The la the amend- followtogtress for rent, as it passed this momtogWhenever toe right of reentry is rsservedand givento a grantor or lessor in any grant or leaae, to default of a sufficiency ofgoods and cliattels whereon to distrain for satisfactloBOf any rent dne, such reentry may bemade at time after default in tbs of such any paymentrent: provided fifteen days' iMtice of such Intention to reenter be given to writtog previoas to toe rent becom- ing due, by such gr>.ntor or lessor, or tils heirs or asto tbe grantee or his heirs, execu'ors, ad- lessee,disturbed. the measuie.vaavOetaraAo -Ca. B, Id Caralry(18,000; Western House of Refuge, (25,000, and for buildings,'^^«ij_ii n««i. ""*"""te the State PrisonsFor the compenaation of Agente to exsmina Auc-ticneeri' AocoaotsFor tbe purchase of books for the use of StotereportDirectors,andagreedto laiaa'MMter »-^-»^^-bill to the National and School incorporate Galleryof Arts in the District of Columbia.On motion of Mr. Sdusib, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,)Fsr the Nsw- York Institution for toe Instruction*" '—-do laa.eachEastern, De Witt and Northern Dispensaries,For toe New-York Institotion for the BlindFor the children in tha Orphan Asylums, orplianA Imsbouses of toe State, Bosietv for relief of27 OOO .But nothing contained in this tection shall to apply any'"ICos.Aand M aod F, Cavalry,ed by Adjt.-Gen. Coopu. It is datedMarch U. CoLBiowi says: *'WxBSTEHBurial .Monuwient .dissociation. By Mr. CALiicorrHe concludes300 male Prison to make a separate report of the wants Free Trade policy, andpredicttog toe moat tovorablaIlattBrownaviUeonthe8thinst. Allwasoa tha froatiar. The dlatarbances were believe<l lowork—made money, very wellwould cair on tbe GoveromeDi to foot the otlls.F'orSyrscuteHoma AssociationXjO 34.000 600and of the tostitution under her.tquie thedoing jnstwliattbey pleased. If tiieyTo authorize the Coriwration of New.York, wliii toe concurrence of the Governor and Attorney- Oeneral. to sell a portion o' the City Hall Park for aeHAHOIINTBIARHTORDXKS.By orders from Head-quarters, special order No. 2;:their cars at every stationso mileadditional. Forathird,5centsamile,and5 ItisreportedtoatPrinceLncmBoaaPAanwiltof the 5th inst. is modified as follows F«r»t—All recruits under orders for theof Texas niU embark on tbe steamer Granada in tlie Barlwr of New-York, at noon, on the 22d inst., for In- dlanola aad Braioa Santiago.Beeaarf—Baaidasae reemils for the Second Caval- >X and Fint aad Eighth Infantry, those for ComTaalfS F and K, First Artillery, will aUo disembarkmighton the Harlem road, York.from William'sBridgeMBt Wtnkaaw*, tad I onderttand that a resolu- tw'#fll hatAndaeztweek,aaklngforaSpecialCaamMaa ofto veatQate the iriiole maitar.UNSIOHID LAJTD PATXNTS.I waa mistaken in fixing a number of unsigned 1 and fataataat •30,e00. It should bave been «1(JO,000.McQuade, Johnson, Fisher, Fulton, Vaiien, and Tucker. _NOTES FROM THE STATE CAPITAL.TBX ALBAITT ADD BCSQVIEADaA KAILBOAD—MI-—UTIA COBBCTATIOIIB THB OBINOIBa COU-UITTXI—BIGHTS OF KARBIED WOMIK—AL APPBOPBIATIOHB—TBI TOLL BILL— PBAL OP IH« COHTKACnKO BOABD—IHB AH-theAlbanybaskiloan 9,6'2026 For Interest on Comptroller's Bond, issued tecre-ate tbe School and Gospel Fund for toe benefitof toe Stock bridge Indians 2,160 For interest on loan 60,000 For extraordinary repairs aod improvements oftlie Canals, under chap. 74, laws 1849 3,000 For toterast on the Oswsgo Canal Loan of (300,000,as far east as I telegraphed to Hon J. LocxE tois aftern(x>n to learn what was be- ing saved to that direction. I have also written to Mr. Gilbert M'Kenna, requesting him to proceed to the mouth of Sbelbume harbor, where, I have been informed, the'e was considerable goods drifting on lOO shore, and take an account of all that might be savedverse to retainingthecanquest.Inveatiiatlon.Mr. Baxx is determinedshipwreck at Cape SableHon, JosiPH Howe—SirLAI70Bna OF TBX INDIANS. ladlaa bureau received importanta bill for continuing and completing the improve-PBISON BILLS—DBATH OP BX-SgNAIOBBEACH,from toe General Fund revenue to toe GeneralFund Debt Fund, or so much toereof Sinkingas may be required to meet toe deficiency insaidSinklEgFuud 354,606 lu For the purchase of Books and Stationery for theshores from Tusket round Cape Sable, Ragged islands, and possibly further.export. The followtog are toeantoonxad aaotatioasFalrOrlesEs Middling urleaiu. ... Fair Mobiles[Kka•ii Bonlac ft«m the Superintendent, Jas. L. Col-ReferredThe House passed the Consular and Diplomatic Appropriation bill.ST^d. Fair Dplaoas..M.dispatches n* war with Navajoes is fierce and bloody.Aleajit, Thursday, Marsh IJ, )S60. The House held a special ees^iiun last evruiiig,'Transfer Office of toe Manbattan Company,New-York...For pay of tke A ttorney of toe Seneca Inllans. . For toe Agent of toe St, Regis todisnsMO 150 1007>^d.|Middltog Uplands.. S^d. ;^ome circulars say there waa a more general deaaaS at the close. The Block waa 760,000 bales, of whiek 610,-V-«i(ktIndians had beenaad000 bales were American.STATE OT TRADE IK HAUCBBSTIX.The advices from Manchester report the markstfov Goods and Yams quiet.LITEBFOOL BBXADSTCTTB MAJUCn.Blow work vlsiiiDg toe different places, and I have3,000 not made much progress today. I have, however, at 23d.-a29s.. and holders demandlas- sbb -aAfVaaStevisited several places, and, from what I have seen 600 and heard, the people are generally well-disposed, and tocUned to deliver up toe goods, and accept toe 500 salvage allowed. I have seen the magistrate fromslain,IBB DBVnOB or TIBA CKCZ-latoaewi from Haxieo eorrobboratesaa to tha eaploymeat of tbe Jndianoia by Jdasiz for tka dafenee of Ten Cruz.PZUOKAI, ITXHS.'gany..The goodssaved are scattered over sucha distance,Charge, both received European mallsto-day,but Q.adopted, giving Mr. Howasd leave to occupy a seatanding. There waa quite a strife as to whether It should go to the Judiciary Committee or the Committee on Slillua and Public Defence. In the end it went to lU.^ Judiciary, very much lo the disgust of toe Mliitary Committee, who inreatened to disband, Ac, whlcb threat .Mr. Bitlkr, the Chairman, executed to toethe week to collect tbe stuff saved from the variousthey containedSomayre-D«^.o<;;;of nothing specialtbe discussion in tiiis permission to s.jeak to the merits of the question.The House then went into Committee on the to amend tbe rules.far,thevlthaiea:GarriMB. Aggregate. Ca*. -A and B, lit CaTalry, and000;ni IHB DXPAXTUIIT Or TEXAS.Slate and County Agricultoral Society, (8,000.100.000 1,000.«».K.Is«IntintiT JOa.B.MCaTalry...... 217150 133 72The galleries contained thir- no ladies.of;;ment to section 3, of toe laws of 1B4<S, abollslung dia-wVvSS nn^BhwTn*...°0ar6,lst.>l«»BAtHaI»nUtr«;J.andOn motion of Mr. Mabox, of Virginia, (Dem.,) a)0M^B,7,I>aBdF,iitlnIintry 3357ti1171(M 21 73 12a 655 orthe 141 Haad-qnarters BeglmentCos.C,DaadF,8tkInfantry.. 182resolution wasadopted instructingthe CommittseThe AtlanticTelegraph Companyhad Oi* adoptedCe. a,8«hlnbatry lAlitsnJoBar'ka.Ca.I, Istlnltantry67 836«154 83 56 70 ,. 71 7(1..a resolution was adopted instructing the Committee on Finance to consider whether tbe numerous Cus- tom-house oaths now administered under acts of Congress may not, with propriety, be andgrantor or maker of svch grant or conveyance, nor in fa-8iSk!?°r }eachDispensary, (200; New-York Juvenile DelinquentBoard of Commissioners of Pilote (5,000; to complete Harbor Commissioners' mtpthe survey of the Har- complete physicalfor maintenance and expenses of com men schools and academies,—from toe school fund,Foaghkeepsie,cfiort rejoices at tha anl- cable relations wito all toe European Powers aadM«aa..:pHBamotts..Co. O. 1st Aitillsryeach.toanNo Asylum or Society to receive a greater sum (4,000,hopes change toeir names theirspeedy peace wlto Cocliln CUaa«jWaod ImSmumxiCo. K, ad Cavalry Oe. B, 2d cavalry Co. M, 2d Artilleryamending exi.^tinglawsto bor, (2,500The.ABimaa*.GaimAL>B Owna, 'WimsMotom, Jlareh 15, isee. j(180,200;ture fund, (14 500.videdFor ther ew-lork Houses of BefogsWAasia changed from toe negative to toe affirmatira, and so saved it.The hill to allow memlwrs of cbarltobie and reli- to vole by proxy came up for a Sloiuiusirnesatditnmgt.ionSsenator Sfihola made a motion to re- commit, which was discusBed until toe special orderT~aim<. hat toat toe wishes of toe other Itallaa Pnniaeea mmfFrom the Aaaoclated Press. WAsaisoToa, Thursday, Marcti 15.The Brokers' Circular reports Abezb qnieta'.requir- «f taaabonr. Tha (object proved to be the ratifica-pieces.From what I hare beard of the goods saved up toihis time, it is a pretty large amount. The ship's ar-""""*•BA.iKO's Circulartlan ofand more tliantiK'n bill was rhtt been anuUicr s'jbsiituted,budticles have been and it recovered,reports^ «;^.''/rq^;?,t'"&,SJ buoyant, 'f"^,,7TM; ,;e„anding an Advaase.thaiTheof tima was eaniamed in thealrt^ady iijiirely, callingtaSt^U. CoTTo.vclosedwltoadedioiacUi6NIc«n(il» Treaty,thrice discussion warmly urged;appears that thelengthnecessity for the rattflcationout tile mounted"'. "sI'""" TtKrasTiradullwaa opposition to It waa equallyMr. jiiisBMix, of.Ohio, ttrrtutotheFR--3IFor interest on *6 rUb.Sns 10 ot Ihe .ien-.ralber of passengers was 330. I however, beenOILS uncuai.ged. aAKKET. ^^^^^while the ardent.desired the bill Jir Committee on Ways and Means.re- Noes 5. It ts to be the Senate will concur, F"und Debt, cliarhesble to the liin&inK rond hopedhave, Irutooftoereport. 1IncloseThe prominent objectton was to the article permittiug the(Rep.,).ST»iiT.,N,j,i uiuo. (Rep.,) showed why it shouldunable te ascertato tbetoaolng of American/T^j^^of fiillbusters waa alluded to in the de-will tee, to a Mr. of Sackville, N. U.Z^OObalea; bas, 99t«^*»*Ten remoteI1'' s»ld a ahonM go thiaer toB.— There tuis been a chest recovered belonging a ooasid-^^r."TM";Senator, mereto theof toe Ajmualshape Appropriation.N.to a Dr. Babutt, of IS'en -York, containi.ng erablenumber of letters from his wife and dausht<T.t. CmtMS,1 Saklia,. agrat forpenses ^For refunding money paifpaid into toe Treasuryfor tbe redemption of lands sold for arrears ofconsiderationFor toe Stote Superintendent of Pablic Instruc-BioD ibrtoe support of Indian Schools, per chap.n, I.awaI86«Far the Instraction of Common School TeacbemIn tho Academies deaignated by toaBegentsofof where a Jew, ten years ago,toe free* ""*^ ^f'l?^f,l^. SSS?J^jJWe havefeeling aggrieved by a H,p arUcie in the Saturdaytoeareconaos scaooi. rcxn.of by telcs^Ph- W. T. T.«,„„in»«" "^jemment ofnothingPaovisioRS steady but unlet ^L'.lintBt. Saturday Fvenrng.Co^'SoL3 closed at 94l4fiMfi.LOBDOX STOCK MABKET.L0!il>0»- SaUirdsy, M«ch 3.•t, and the°fFor Bent and Taxes of Governor's Hoase SALABIIS,Of Judges of Court of Apjieals0( Justices of Supreme Jourt the ex- 01er» Of Coort of AppealsDeputy Clerk of same Stale Ileporter At:orDe>-G,^r,eri.1Deputy atiorney-GfiieraJ. SecreLary t.f State(4,C00liOJO 103,t«l 2,00'' 1.8* *.TM10 2.O0O l.*"" 2,000Anextraordinaryevent in the history of thetroops to protectthe transit. be ni.i.L'propcsitJonBoltoshoosi,to me here to have l>een an extensiveencooragementto them-ct^on i" view o( the existence of hos- nl hi/ron \'l* frontier, and supported the vte*s..,..TreatyBUI* Passed In theI M tk« Kev-Tork T1bm«. , TtandaT. M«rcl> IS.AssiatonI Aciataot-eenaral i,t«o Far the sniehase of toe work denamlsated " Mil-itary Tactics," to be distriknted to the militia of1,000 260aa,(MU aod Head- Cavalnr,on Relations to whether and Foreign inquire anywhat legislation is necessary to more fully carryinto effect certain treaty stipulations between the United States and China, and Burmah and Siam.matotatoed;1 Oo. D.) narten of toe Beglment1 Co. e, 8th Infimtr;, and Head- i qosTten of the Begimentol toe Board ofjC20,000 to make toe attempt to resuadtato the eabla, or recover as much of it as poeatole."'''>Lawaon ....'..l)teat«(Oa.O,ld Cavalry .... .Ce.Al8(hInfantiTCe36,000 809 500may be served personally on such grantee or lessee, or 33 000 by leaving it at his dweDlDg-house on toe premises.CeaTC.andSmHCavalry Oo.X,latInlhntrybeenwiaekedonberpas-Co. =• "* i^f""'tral Dispensary. (400;Ntw-York.ny, the sum ofTobedividedamongtoe sametoproportiontotoeIstinst. TheEmperor'sspeechpromisesewyCo. A, 1st Infantry, and Head *-Dispensaries, (300;Brooklyn Homoeopathic30 000 average number of children or women maiatained inX'he parti have underscored is said to be toe strong feature of toe bill.for toe matotenance ol peaceaaartera ofRegiment .... C aad I, Ut Cavalry. Oe. 1, 2d Cavalry ..abolished, declarations substituted therefor.Tbebill topassed a toird reading. sembly.toe GermanLeiderkranz It has already passed toe .As-S. COOPER,Tfesaa of the above poati, Forts Arbuekle, Cobb andWaAita, are not in the State of Texas, though in thatin TexasI.AI> raOK lEX BIO SBAKDI.A dispatch from CoL Haavxr BaowN, sent on a tour ctlaapeetlon to tlie Rio Grande, has just been receiv-The bills to provide for general vaccination through toe State, and (or granting toe .Manhattan Gas Com-pany the sxcinslve useof wharves and slips, were repor ted favorably.Mr. A SiriTH introduced a bill to di&so've theent C^iral Park Commission, and to create Messrs. TiiMAMN, Mosss H. Gai.^niu,. Itosi, Opdtsi; andBLAicoroan toe New Commissioners, BIMS INiaODCCED.Hospitalbe entertained,toe {xtodple.of the Sea rlghte Holyaad tlien gatisons when deducted,—tlie Toll bill—was announced. But few hUls are tatro<!uced ^ow.Biifilliaiial ;-Mk taate aa -the toial number ofOn motion of Mr. B'bight, of Indiana. amendment was adopted, providing that wbea the Canal shall be enlargeo, and the branch constructed, and The coet of this lmurove:aent paid for, no more tolls shall be collected than an amount sufficient to keep tbe Canal in repairs and pay fur the necessary superiptenoeroe.prsa-— three intoeSenate allofOne makes it a crime, punishableThere were buttion will causa Om ticeoftoeclaim. Hetroo^ IjM, iB;SBiiBoa S,O0a mUea of frontier.to-dayprisons and prisoners.toemrelatlngprafesaeisntttnlihaiaBiatIka\specialorder:interest.pendingcase,parlies,sternly adventurers overturn the instituUons of theili.i!,. "'';'"'BJ .his rolle;iB„», Mr.cellor ol toe Exchequer submitted bis estimates this5<H0>1 2,13180hastheir scalps. That article wasto do with tbe treaty was then fcid upon theKansas.- .«,• been?*^ **^*2^?*'»"*" g^'^y. and ko»«Tti«ment income of thesuppowd ei^emy.to toe free city w*' n°'VJiifi'Jh IT^appointedpapers,con-Commisaioiiera and othermtsceilaaeonsex-German Jews has just token place,Hamburgh,even eligible for a night coi.sta'.le, a Jew, byBsrket theFrench Kmperor.*iaTiIetiapUeCoB»eaMonis sUli in session in thla elty. aad «Ua avaaiag had again uMetconslder-and Ihe dis.-overy of Mr. Whitefeather, Whlteliver orsgss.'"SSSSSialtoa tha pcopoaMlliaa to tha Pacific.ircamt taHmti i afalMt ft* treth ot the totiiDstioowhatever his naoseiess name may be 'course, tbe author who attacked him to the Saturiay Review,.BaiCentral bon«. firmer. Brotes were toacUve and closed at.^Adjutant-General.provided•Leake and Walts Asylum, (50,000, to proportion to toe num -New-Orleans,:The second bill autoo/izes the Matroa of the Fe-by referrtogto lbs aawat Tadianola. Thetj aftoMrto Braxoa SanUago.of abienee for four months Uant WAiam Latbsop, of the Fourth Artillery.TBI VOWOGN SQDADBONS.Tka Mavy Department is in the receipt of no latedispatckeafioDtbefbrtignsquadrons. oomniiaHT wasihousis.Tha Caaunittae on Public Expenditures seem little4kyandto enaailaa Into tha question of the Goretn- Executive Session. Adjourned.,Sto*-I<«aTegrantedthe best they could.Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) thought for theGoverr.ment to hold stock in that canal was an inva- sion of the jurisdiction of a Sovereign State. He ad-yugayears 1650, '51, '52 and '53. He was an active poli- iiclan of the Republican school, and widely knownbrlanMarshesdemandannexationtonedmoBt, Tba Pope is said to be ready to make coaceaalona.'The Pope threatens Vicioa Emabuxi, wlto excom- munication.The annexation of Savoy by France is ooadejODaed by toe English Minister.SPAIN AND MOROCCO.A treaty of peace is proposed. Tbe demands ofSpainareexorbitant. ThaSpanlihp^>eBanad-remainingrecruits willproceedthis city, yesterday. The deceased represented Ca- tion to Sardinia or for a separate Ungdon. Tba Vm-my dispatchFor CGmpensation of Electors of President and Vice-President of the ITnited Btotes, aod (sr pay of BeasengersF«r exttosaishment of claims on land owned or sold by toe Statethat in of toe stote of toe roads it is consequenceafternoon wen .M.tso.%Tucker,Indian Appropriation olU was passed.with Huieinlmtnts, be referred to the Committeeoti to navel. First, it passed toe House and wenl to trieMilitary Alfairs, ssylDg ore of them was of great in- iienate,^nerg* .-Harb'>r of ^ tw-YorkFortheThrmas Asjlum lor ijiphans and liestitote lEdian Children.THE GENIR.VL Ft:,P DkUT :,I.VMSOdispatoh respecttog toeEachmem-ber.siS^" bo wis Vice-Presidentof th. German ParUa- 1848.oilhtTSfiwrM««C..simpleOn motion of Mr. Bxkjamhc, of Louiaians, (Dem.,)Society, (24,000incorporate.. .the Senate considered the billrelative to the compen.«atIon of the District Attorneys, Marshals and Clerks of the United States Circuit and DistrictCourts. Tbebillwasdiscussedandpassed.I -•-«i•»» rI.' 'IT^.I-J rjii»:i"ii IT!=: JUT .mitted an enlargement was needed, but oueht to control tne whole matter.authorize resident aliens to bold real estate was killed.on the tloor,ready for fulure action. port every tiling goingt-ipected-1 have gicen particular instruction wherever 1 have Brazil slightly lower. Coma quiet. Ricx firmreporthas recognised Eobikt Baeth Mr. WiBUBCENi:, of Maine, (Rep.,) explained that most chivalric manner.for taie.- for and rotis. 4 000 opening improvingCar- Oil.ne President«f*fcL«iis,aa Vice-consul of the OUtttWB for Missouri, and also Consul ofbeen, and have sent written requests to several places, olina, to arrive, 33a. *d.ea6s. Con On.. £36; SealBeise Darmstadt forErieMct^iiaCe, of OneidaPayi,e, ol C.tyu?:ate identified oy. Wherever it is done I wUl cause the R-aves 10 be m.irked, so that the bocles may be re- covercG if required.Tea slow of sale, bui prices areLOKDOK MONEY MARKET.in rate. In the London market,.Grand Duchy of the Grand Mis»uri, luinois andarmouoced thetinder the rules than the rules them- as cofufiosing the Grindil;g Committee: Miller, ol, closely steadythe name of the parties, or any mark toat toey may and aJl qusllties sUghUy lowerlefcrre.l to lEedian tribts Onondagas Cayugae fec'CiSSt. Regisl',,'"d!'rmirr. lOtt.BY IILEGEAFH FBOH LIYXBPOOL TOGALWAT.LiVBiPoOL. Saturday Evening.1 ending theredemptisn of Slati;CcTTOu;sales, to-day, 6,000;but ifthey ^otin debttheyXcw-YorkFor Surveys. Appraisements, and other expenses...ForannuitytoJaiaesMinorFor cost? 01 soils, fcc, prosecuted by the Attor-General for the i;c ney people,Far to Commisiioners to examine accounts of payThe produced a slight depression on tha speechParis Bourse..lr!T.',,lof this morning's teiegraM in the Herald, that any offer had been made for lobby aid to pass the Senate bill, and voted unanimously that neither money nor stocks should be given or promised for any out- sideiniloenee or atststance. Indeed the trouble is to get the several telegraph companies to take ioffldant stock to secure the prompt constnctian of the line underthemeagreencouragementoffered bythe bill before the Senate.FROM ALBANY.Snpertolendart of Public iBstmctlon S.SIIO r<pst7Snpaai&lendancofPabUcInatraoMon.... i'sMFerTeaehera'Institateea tbe tevaraleoanUes. 8,0MAliaut,Thursday,MarchIS. Tbe bin for the location of the Schuyler county- removed from the proceedlaga ; bat a matioB waa seat at Havana was before the Senate Committee to-_^A^JntaLBt-ScBcral i tooekoolfDBdFor the support of toe Stote Normal school UNO For refnndtog moneys erroneonsly paid mte toeTreasury 600 For expenses of lands bid to for toe Siate by the Commissioners, and otoer misoellaaeons ex-ImportantSpeechmtthe •r the FreMch.He PronoDDecs agatast te (tf Toseaiqrte8AT0T DEHIRDED FSRIt waa resolved that tbe injnactlon of secrecy besoon after made to reconsUer tile vole on this branchof the subject, and was pending when the Senate ad- tain to pass ihe Senate. A tost vote, taken on Mr.toe State j.uo For Insneelor General 2,000 CoDBissary Oeneral i,B00 Judge Advocate General ISO flovemor's Private » ecreUry 1 000 For Governor's Uesseigers, eto 3,0)0journed. It is said that by the terms of the treaty tbefor the Deaioeratic Senators, although voting against the reference, favor the passage of the bill. In_For interat on Stote Stock, issued on aoeonnt oftime for Iti ratlficatioo azpired to-daythe Bank Fundhadat Maftk teihTor of tka ntUsatlon. Ser- either l>een settled or trespassed upon by whites, intkibr appnihiifatM tbat iMtargMBVlkkallthat was aatiel- ramaliwd qolM, aad tha_torFar Inspectors of State Prisons and traveling ex-upin wUeh he!•"The Senate held no sessionThtamoming toe Toll MU was the epeeUl orderletter," Almostaaysevery Indian reservation in Kansas hasliSB,047 3Sniter of the disregardwhich Is and ImperativeMarch IS. Several remonstrance! were presented against11,300:law,mast be enforced. He would exceedluxly regret a collision between citizens and United States troops,and bopes snob great calamity will t>e avoided, but Pn Rata tolls.S,a603,000 1,000ready tor a third reading were dlapoeed of,ThebiUto repeal the Cantracting Board law of"^^^^^^^^., -J ,as at present advised, unless they obey the notice, ilaftlsOketaik. Tb* the strong arm of the Government will be employed to enforce it, liowever formidable they may l>e inpassed ayes,aaya,;10. IthadGOUElCIiL I--,Clerks,For Curator ol toe State Cabtoec of Natural His-uta tbe qocstliio li dl>- numbers."rai^kr^iWA «B*, K la lio|i«d, tbe Hezlean Jona Roas, the Cherokee Chief, is now here, with a road bills, and a bill to better enforce tbe penalties of For Stationery of Clerks of Legialatnre1.600 sotoat it needs but toe Governor's signature to make 4,000 it a law. Tliat it will undoubtedly receive. ThisTharaday, KaiA'^•«fflkn« feMB vttatod aad dlitribated. wereeoBfiimed.other necesaary expenses of toe public olBees, to wit:,pofaesaiont"""'" Ajn» BKAjnOI DIBAQKKS.dians. This qnestionlis, however,anticipated.officeSapertotendent of -'nblic Instruction's offlceStoteTreasurer'sofficeAeatonyMUwmalready received.The arautitt* ezperienead bead wiadi^ealladapintheMMfDrratena*, bat > coateat aro« b^ween will receive the assent of that body. Tbe large600 fiOOcanscarriedtlie Statein2,600 was elected Stote Engtoeer. By some reasoatog, he1,600 persuaded himself toat he was entitled to make toa The steamship Cityaf tFoaktnftea, ftoB Mmr-Tailit•.litMMlHaUaHke tka polat, aad call npon the Hoaw perintendent Couins, dated Santa F^, Feb. 19, inSenatorsvote, as well as the tone of the debate, todicates theImmautK aad 8un<i>,a8 to wboae Committee ihMUb*adMalttadlto. Thelattergarenoticethatjustify this determination.Tbe Indian Bureau has received a letter from Su-1S5S, Col. Silas Bnaona sengera,andwillsailto-alght for Naw-Totk.aato the proinrlety of the Committee on which he says tliat a detachment of troops, together «f Caagiea*. Tbe piactlee he thought wraKt and had committed extensive robberies in tbe Valley ofi,600 1,8601,600 2,6i0 3,6006004,000 l,60u 700600BOO 1,000out Uis associates. This his associates consulting••^toeMewould not concedeso Col. Snuoos took what wasThe (peeoh of theEmparor Napcuob,vfOr»§ aaifjllli «^—the Rio Grande. A large number of cattle had been ingProgress was reported, and the bill agato made ihetil liiat thn jiiilimrint of iheHooae. Iki iMIlfaet of Tezaa frontier protection had been ilfclliil to the MOitarT Cooimittee, and it had pro- *— the 8Bh>}ect and procure all neees- MV.WwBatla. Mow, when the bill comes back IMVM* taiala with an amendment prorlding for mijhlitlarpwitaetlon, objeetlan U made to its refer- «HM^ tha MflUarr Committee. The Way* andthatcreating a new Board. Am the RepohUeans bad not allii Hamrecaptmed, and twenty-eight Indiana were kiiled; on order for at lOH o'clock. pedal to-morrow,For fuel In CapitsL Stote HallFor repairs to Capitol, &cFor •auu'y of Sapertotendei t of Capitol Forexpenses of State BallFor ex penics of Ball for Stote CabinetFor salanref Keeper of sameFor salary of Taxidermist of the SuteCabtoetofNataral HistoryFor toe increase and preservation cf tbe StoteCabtoet of 'Natural History, AcFor pnrcha^ of Books for Stote LibraryAssembly,toay)UtiM Cabnatttae wonld aeize It, although igaorant cratic ConventiontarolTed in itsoonsideiatlon. Abitter^'-f-*^^l=i^e*t^i-' seriouflyaboutit,1.300 lation done here—tie of this dou- six pounds to boroughs. Twenty- fira of UwaaA-view of selling to the Government about 800,000 acres oflandinSouthernKansas,belongingtothoseIn-violation of tbe election lawa.Tbe bill for tbe relief of the land owners ba the Anti-Rent disbicte was passed—19 to 9.A long debate was held on the Railroad Toll bill.TbeamendmentintroducedbyMr.SassiOHS,limiting the eiistence of the act to three years, was adoptedof toe bill introduced Mr. SasBioKS, as a compromise agreed to by the Rail-For toraitnre, book*, btodery, blanks, prtotiag andact nullifies the result of the " Balance of Power*'The Senate, in last session, intimated that no treaty, in-.-ioBpeetor General's office FortbesalaryoftoeBupertotendentInsnraneeDepartmentFor lieputy Snpertotendent 01 sameFor elerks m tameFormatoematiclan in sameFor stenonery, he, in sameTo the said Snpertotendent, to enable him te payforCoiDevxamiiensing into toe condiilon of InsuranceFor oBcial postage of all Stote officerspatronage wtilcb toat movement threw toto too handsvolvingthepaymentofmoneyfromthe Treasury,Atterney-General's office in the affirmative. Tills Adjatantrtjeneral's office«s4>amount of lands in Kansas and elsewhere seems to —twentyvotingtoad corporations, mivBaad Maana swallowing ap the entire biuiness with a party of Mexicans, hotly pursued savages who a half cents a mile forpay fare. All the even-aaslaiaatea^eers,bill.the other side two were liilled and several seriously Mr. HAHHoan reported favorably on toe bill to pro-that PaMO majority Senate, Col. Skraoua arranged wltb Savoy for;tbe security of her fnmUeia. Hebapaaflutwounded. This ispursuit after Indians witliin the last ten years, and Mr. CoLUss thinks it will have the effect of checking them until a campaign can be put on foot.A memlwr of the National Democratic proipinentExecutive Committee thus replies to an inquiry as to changing the place for holding the National Demo-tect boardtog-hooseMr. Laweucb endeavored to get in two more Cltjto toeBaiijii. E. Sioklxs, wlia was toen In toe Senate, thatregardedaa the most successfulkeepers. Railroad blUs, but leave waa refused.he should aid to toe bill passingha over, aad Coisihab to haveaad to have retired into the interior of Mexico. MajorSVBaauua has officially reported the war to beaadcd. HARVEY brown." in Ihiswoik, and had purchased more than 7 (XK) establish a State Normal Scho-ol at Buffalo. By Mr. F'or Fess cf Surrejatc*given uptne contest.Mr. Puwxi.L, of Iventucky. (Dem.,) stated tbe Gov- ernment lj;id received $:;!4 OUO mrre then she ever putfor the better regulatiou of theof PobliclandsFor Fees of Countj Clerks.....To shares,notwithmoneyfromtheFederalTreasjry, MiLLiEis: TocompelthfNew-YorkandNew-Haven'J3but from toils collected 'rem vesselsthe Canal. All that he asked was that thevallowed to go on and use the revenue and credit ofcents addidonai for each additional convict. If more than one person is convicted at a Court, and the shei iff docs not take them all at one trip, he is only tobe department tbe Canal, so as to enlarge it sufiiinenUy to accom- Theto New-modate the class of boats now navigating ihat river. Mr. WiDt said the toils collected would be suffi-pairs. ment.pri\ liege Gen. Wool.tarnishingisuspectoppositionte tois bill—cient to make Ihepropofed improvements and re- Not one dollar was asked from the Govern--w-. Caliicott called up the resolution for a Com-mittee to investigate toe cha-ges made against theofficial of a late State officer. honesty RepublicanAfter a and spicy debate thh resnluuon was in- longdefinitely postponed by a party vote—the Republicans in the affirmative, and the Democrats in the nega- tive.Tbe bill to prevent fraud In the sale of passenger tickets was ordered to a third readtog.Mr. rEiTii.VBXS, of Kentucky, (.American,) re- marked that these directors ha'i held the stock merelyfor the of prrservationthe work, and had managed ittryand counties to tbe the Wayne Senate, duringof the The atneitJments was more to correctand 10, tit.e 6. chatter Lawscf the following gentlemen a-i*. 1S:>4,lo take particular care of any bodies that may be re- £?4.a£36; LlX8»»n OlL quiet at 28s.e28s, 6d. BisiIBco> ercd and In all ca-ses to examine tnem for at 4s. cd. tor common. Spirits Tcrpejiti" coii.the objectthepracticeselves, and facilitate the dispatch of business, and re- move well-founded complaints.SpeakerCollins, of .\lbanysum cf (1,873, and the said sections are hereby repealed.at 3»3,u3os. oa. unaltered,Several hours were consumed without coming to a conrlu.^ion on the subject, when the Committee rose,;There waschangep-.s5ing throughRailroad Company to stop2,000 1,200 30C 300 3,000 10.000 2O,C00 2,50015,00060O 1003,000probably be proposed as Ktog of Tuscany. The London CkronicU reiterates ita aUlive to the treaty of alliance between Aosbla aad 1sia, but says toe treaty has aince been mndliid TM,. Journal de Strasbourg gives an ofBdal deaialkalba statement.ITALY.The votes of toe people are to be token for aHMsa-KentuckyOn motion of Mr. Mason tbe Senate then went into ing Committee: Messrs. Miller, Collins, Payne,refunding money paidinto theThe Fate of the HoHgarian. LETTXR PBOM THE AGIST OP THB NOTA SCOTIAN GOTEBNHBHT.From the Halifax Sun.We have been favored with the following letterfrom W. TowssiKD, Esq., toe gentleman who was sent by the Government to toe scene of toe recentThe bill was V passed.30Tbe members were announced as a Grtad- followingNays, 14.HOUSEOFREPRESENTATIVES. WABHnioTCK, Thursday, March 15.ment of therendering the port of Paltimore accessible. lo the Committee on Commerce.:eas,;Forkeeperif washingtsn'sHead-qnartersFor salary of Secretary of Board of Hegents ofUniversityFor interest on Stote Stocks issued on aocauat ofMr. MiLLBOS, of Virginia, Dem.,) intro<Iuced a joint resolution declaring the construction that shall be put upon the act making an appropriation for tbe satisfaction of the:Virginia land warrants, approved Referred.under 600. Laws of 1851 16,000 chap.week added 66 000 bales—of wliich LMS were to upTkaLand-officeisnotatfault. Mr.I.A.•aentary to President Bcchabas tofataata, is responsible, or rather Mr. BtcaAais him- Mr. Haiuis, of Jiaryland, (American,) introduced T1-BIBTBB8—THB BBLIGIOCS PEOXY BILL— aAfil, if tha Secretary neglects his duty.For interrBt on (6.409,<54 >7, the amount of tkeB. Lsohabd,Aufiust, 1852.General Fund Debt, chargeakle tbs Gene- upon—have been found,1 have not yet been able to visit toe wreck, on ac-cargo and materials from her are scattered along thesignlandral Fund Debt Smktog Fund, wnich sum toeof thenavigation Patapsco River, and—17,000MMMlkaapiataken. The Indians lost 2,000 in swlm- On motion of Mr. Matkaxs, of Tennessee, (Ameri- to consider the bill granting aid lo toe Aloany and For toe Agent of tbe Oiiiindsga Indians^if tkoB orar tha river.can,) a resolution was adopted tendering the thanks of the House to the clergymen of the District of Co- lumbia who, previously to the election of a chaplain, attended and opened the dally sesslonsvrith prayer.Mr. CAiirBsi.L, of Pennsylvania, (Rep ,) from tbe Committee on Elections, reported a resolution de-RailroadAfter a protracted and dry discussion—a discussion,if such it may be called, aade up of <rritton speeches —toe bill waa ordered to a toird reading by a vote Of 57 to 40—first l>etog amended so as to reduce theFor pay ot tbe Agent of toe indi*ns on toe Alle-and Reservation Cattaraugusand have them put in secure places. 'For refunding of money in oaaes ot the failure of Maia and family leave here on Monday for claring it inexpedient to allow further time to take amount given by toe Stote from one million to seven title to lands sold by tke Statenominally unchanged.LITE&POOL FB0TI8I0B ItOaX,their departnrs belnc regretted by many testimony in the case of Mr. Howasd, contesting the hundrea tlionsanc dollars. In this shape It iwUlFor the Montezuma Salt SpringsFor the erection of a sufficient pump- house, tbspurchase of necessary lands reqaired for the manufacture of salt, the Uying down of pump- logs and the erection of saitable reservoirs, the sum cfFor the builoing of a shoe shop ut tbe Clinton Stale PrisonFor pick e;B for Ihe stockade nf gaid PrisonF'or repairs of the plaokroad from the said Pri»oato the Saranac PlankroaaFor pssment of moneys received into the Treas-5,000 Port Latour, Mr. Ssow, and he reports that toere will Bzir ctetdy holders offering nowWtoMaada.•<•« Osixro, it Is soppoied, will not leave Mexi-a*aalHB aa 'V^*n Crtu ii threatened vfith attack. laord LTon and Seitor BninrARi, Sardinianfeat of Mr. Coopib, from the First Congressional Dis-probably secure a sufficient affirmative vote in the Senate.be no trouble in that district, where toere is a large amountsaved,ofgettmgvervnearlytoewholeofit. He is having it collected and' patut to a secure wpelacheavteo await further orders. Here,; Ikeely.bvlshavtag disposition lo press sales, in soma cases a sUgte ad- vaccehadtakenplace. Foaxquiat. Baoaa4UetJ>*BConsideration was postponed un-Mr. Campbell reported a resolution, which was tation Tax was announced in the House tols morn-trict of Michigan. til Tuesday nextThe Senate bill to discontinue the Militia Commu-; tfniramndaUlid5disl,ese,d.61'ba6'a05s3.B.6d,L.aandbfyinutaaaUatd UIan-tgMolesd '<•d-.Tka Baaata at an early hour thislaiaezaaatlTeieaitou, at the instance of Mr.wko (t^atf that there waa imporUnt business<atiBB8dlatoaettoB,and which might bedi«nn?e,i Milituty Academy bill, as returned by the Senate dispose u( their own earnings has a bam roai: For Ibe t.'-riiplelion of the pliysical survey of thi:tl.'^w 5 Gij'l ^'-l'-'^' ",50>'l 1.000/LND.J received Air. Woodgatz'smailssaved. Hadeventoelettersgonebycoachinand lijeMr. JlAMiLicn.ol Texas, (Dem,) moved that the"The bill 10 sectue to married women toe right towould have beenuncban^eo. ,lor mo„oe^j„r ^wi^w LO.VDO.N KABKET8.lerest. to ainJ had I'exas,ih»i Cornmittfe— rtEinnm.onsinered by was teril ilown to tbe House for concurrence. Tnenumber ol the crew was 74. There is a that J report•'"'*''• °''''"''«'Dem.,) subject costs to govern Ihe State of«.\ew-YorK ? Tne Chan-.2.4OTonreportedjonr obedient servant, WM. T. TOWNSEND.MilitaryHe Is33^1000 ship builder. Ii will, I tbtok, solve his fate. I am LAIKSTIalready stated that Mr. Charles Seade, Review, and assu.ning Mr. Stcplien to be the author.inserted an adveitalntag all marnerot abuse of hisfiguresAnythtogImportantthe Cherokee In- nectton with the aiUcle. Mr. Readeplanallon, io &r »• Mr. fetephenispublishes an adverllsement, olTering a reward forCommittee.said the re-:,Hamilk.!!.<iue«iouoiithe reference, adjourned.rooming,1 have strippedthem In'o a table.ing toe City ot-New-York, small:verbiage, and madeFor theaccepts• concerned,—meaning, oflLtlnrSfshed furii^-oonsult aid wTiter. Dr Rm- G?»nd tTMSI si- a^"i- Illinoispiobabiliiyof tbepassageby..on flte Tnieaay If t>.*•: r»= -* -^^ "» /*>• ^'-w J* 0C8I 51 (IrxiiJR ,3odn\ ,5&wffil5 jfcroJ-ws'PC ^I® IT »9FKOCBBDDieS OF THBTtie Eaiiroad Toll Bill in tte Senate.For dividends to AeademlseFer toe parehase of text books, etc, fsrAoade-~~'^^'~~ -Silt** of tbe Cirtuiiu tt St. Iftmt^day. It will be favorably reported,RosiBBoii's motion of retareaea, shows a minoritypenaea jot . . PATABll PaOM IH« SAItX rtn<».county.«ooo ForOlerkato vlera effJoartof Appeals Offlee... 3560It betog the last day for ^le introduction of billi, several were introdnced, among them two City Rail-..1>|||., i»» 1"much pressure for it, and if con- following appropriations, among others,sider it" From this the fact is apparent that there is 000 BtaUonery and expenses of the Legislature, $20,- gents of to* University ;teen gentlemenAsylumFor the tupport of Mark Jack, an Insane Indian. For thesnpport of Insane convicts.For toe support of toe several State PrisonsFor pay to SheriflT^ for traosportotion of coovictsTbe lutionwas taken up, being a joint reso-the and construction enlargementproportionately:There is a good deal saidFompenses of Stote LibraryForialarlei oi State Librarian, 1st Assistant 2dAtiiatanland 3d Assistant Librarian FortoMmational and Scaualiarges by toe Re-Legislature year bling bsck on toe legislatures of toe years previous.weremade tinned tbe Committee may be called together to con- To pay officers and members of the Legislature, (90,-1,250 4,000napping, engraving, &c,, for the StateFor the apprehension of crlmtoals,For the apprehension effagitives from justice.. For toeCommls8ar:r*B Ilepnties and for toe pay-no determination yet on the subject, as has been stated.SENATE.Washihgtoh, Thursday, March IS.The Senate met at 12 ii., ten Senators present.No prayer was offered.stationery for public officers and Clerk of theexpenses of new Insurance De partment, (10,250; for Stote prii ttog, (100,000; fortion of two hundred and twenty pupils the New-York Deaf and Dumb Institotion, (33,000 New-York Institotion of the Blind- (180 pupils,) (27,-760 For CoQStobles and Criers of Court of Aptieals.. 1,000oughB. Ireland and Scotland get two irtrtiHraial iwi franchise, but toe present representotka Is aat to baauthorizingof a branch to the louisville and Portland CanaLFor the New-VorkFor Tbe Buffalo Asylum for Widows and Lying-in 'Women and Boundlings..Fur the Of thslmic Hospital, of New-Ytrk City.. for toe iiew -York Dispensaryfor the Northern, iastem, Uemilt, and North-W££t€rn Dlspepssries, aao the New-Vorkluflr- mary for women aud Children, all in New- YcrS <3ily, each.BufiTalo City Dispeasary Brooklyn City DispensaryForMr. W»B«, of Ohio, (Rep.,) presented resolutionsfrom the Oluo Legislature ii( favor of the sanw object, which were read.(atoty(Dem.,)antotlMgreat PowaiateJwesrflK'MJaF'Legislature, t4,000;; for Stote Prisons' support, (275,000; support and instruc-.4,000The Liberal Hnunali are notaallatod wiOa000; for incorporated orphan asylums, exceptDispensary, (700and Infirmary for Women, (900 each(6,100For toe Idiot Asylumpermit personsTheof Sardinia toat muat not be Tuscany;alsoEmperor that;toe15 for it, but on importunity Senatora Spisola and ment; and says toat he has advised toe Klac;for aand toe just chastiiement of tbe CUaaat MrIdiotAsylum,ber(10,000; to tbe hospitals of the Stote, (15,000;New-York Coioied Home, (600; New-Prison convicts Mr.Blows,ofMississippi,(Dem.,)introduceda New-YorkHospital, (22.500; New-YorkEye Fortbeapprehecsionofescapedeoovielsof30O ordemieedforthesatls&ctionthereof.Thesaidnoticea new Ward out of the E'gbteejith and Sixteenth, in New-York. By Mr,;— For tee Brooklyn Homo^opatoic Diipeasaryeduced 150,000: ByMr.Vooauiss TocreateM lUiEmsb'.rch Albany I'JspvfcsaryJaquis:There will be nobody to oppose this bill. nrobablyThe tiiird bill regulates the fees which sheriffs shall aharge for toe transportotion of convicts to toe Stale Prisons. For takmg one convict, 35 cents aThebill toton, of Saratoganobut an increesed demand.I.BeiSI<ATURE.. . Armalwhich allows the roads toa definite sum in lieu of toils, and a charge of two andpanengersession waa consumed in a debate on thecalled an Independent thathe made were to toeof toe Frenchbe a separate Ktogdoasmay be annexed to Sardinia, and that IMr. FlaglkrASSEMBLY. AiBAHT, Thursday,March 15.the annualbill of salaries and expenses of Stote officers. Tbe samereportedappropriationForbtodtog,letteringandmaktogBooks forTo incorootate tise New-York Volunteers';voice will hardly be heaid.Mr. Toomhs. o' Georgia, (Dem.,) opposed the bill,sayiifg t^at the Covernment owned aUe.xoepiia^ fiveshares. i*hich were held by Directors, who controlled To extend the jail limite of Kings County. By Mr. tel and llarsbali Intlrmary, eiicbPost-office siteMarine Cour; of New-York. By Mr. MillkrThe English journals protest against toe annexa- 25 mile is allowed. For a second convict 10 cente a tion of Savoy.The .^ouseevet^day except Saturday.sessions on For toruisbiDg Keport of tbe Courts of Appealsand of Courli te otoer States HupremeFor transportation sf toe session laws and otoer public docnm«nts, by txpress aod o-herwteeFor interebt on teiaporary loan ol (^00,000 to en- large and complete tbe Canals made in 186S;and seems cer-of Refuge, to build Female Department. (25,000;and Ear Infirmary; Opthaimlc Hospital and of the Deaf and Dumbsufficiencygoodslands grantedThe steamer Nimnd hadsage from Liverpool to Cork. All on board, ibon^ fifty to number, were drowned.FRANCE.The French Legislative Body was opened on tha;;Brooklyn Cen- Brooklyn and Williamsburghgrantorconveyance, wherebyno reversion was to the leftfrom from litera- deposit fund, (230,000;;Co., Rochester and Alba-of any party 0/of iueh notice, be the owruro/ the reversion of the estate uponuliichtherentisclair,udtobedue.York House,signs,ministrators or assigns, notvitostandtog toere may beNew-York, Northern,S'Jiteofflcersof the floor was extended to Maj.- To Levi S, Backus for-Scents a mile for toose he takes the second time,there will be somefrom toe fact fbat it reduces the perquisites of the sheriff for the transportation of convlcU, just about one half.The weather is agato mild and Spring-like. Ex-Senalor Beach died al toe Delavan House, toagreedto holdeveningKTC, ITC.CorretjHfHjiletace qf the Xe»-York IVm«J.7;id.lMlddlln«t Mobiles. ..(fid.SusquehannaCompany.150 For the expenses of tbe Onondaga H^lt flpringi. 50,U0uJohnson, of Dela'vare Fisher, of Kings; and Varian and of ^'ew-YorS. Gentlemen soeedvsalaryas P.4lM'notol-;;Filllegislation will please walk up to the captato'i, of-c^peospsof theAmeiicansecuritiesw,reConsols closed on Friday at SH'. .^siJSfli;e ;diipAtcb,completion of the Fiarbir CommiF>iground toli'ile bills" will be with put throughFor themap of the Harbor of Kif^v-Vorktheir presentstate, toeyBouse Cum;i-itlee. by way of amendment, now s:ib-stitute a laiu^ bill, which passeo today. Aye^ 95.rATABLEelse toelr Is danger iha-, between the iwo stools, toewili come to the ground altogetoer.Do you know how much—or rather hDw little— it.tolaletter a piece of a hat-box l>elonEtog, as youItenj-cveT-jtiof do.Nasr-Orlwu.the items of theirCosspared with toe cost of govern-Stock iBsued to toe•N. Y, tk. R, R. Co, due in 1060 and 1^61. ,.1.00D,000 00165,0003001,M04,000dull PutAi'.-TLrps quietbales.ridiculously raoV THE OSKKBAL rC!fD BKVSTniS.PArABLS P80M lUEFor dividends to the Common l!chools, ioclttdingtbe salaries of the County School Commis-lonenFor expenses or Ian<)s bid in for the State by tbeI wUl toform youBspntv Secietarjr ct 8Ut«. and for Services asClerk >f Comisictivners ef l,and CMBce'ment toateat at Frankfort to»W.wantingFor tbeof Pilots, the iiuui nfBoard of CTiimi.>3i)n'r.; ..AITSTJ-BI-saved from the Hungarianand only, upUntitled DocumentIktValTcnUyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•1>M(,12,9N-are to have onebers, and toe seats toai gained are to be dritlb-Comp^ollarattae StateSepnty ConpsUeroftoa StateAceoontont tad Iraaafer Ofioer in toe Ccapt'rol-ter'sOBce.^...For BnpertoMadent of Bank tog Departaent,Clerk Hire, and csntlaaest expenses TerBtoMTieMarer...^ ForBeputySt^ Treflarer ForDepntyStateKapneerijoo roosvnoruns.penses•last eventog.6,000 but its consideration waa laid over until the blllaStoteBngtoeeranaSvrveyor'selBce Seciolaryof State'sofficeforeaocm.The CireatsiaCs dales are two days latartt^thoaa2,000 appototments of division and with- arrived at Liverpool on tbe Ist laaLCoBptrolIer'sof toe was toat In the Denkocrata,For tocidental expenies of governmentFor printtog for toe Stote, InclndiDg bfndtog,bill which it was toought would relieve toe Anti-Renters of toeir exisltog embarrassmente, Mr. Coi.-viH is undoubtedly one of the itolest men to toe Sen- bers each. A eorrespofldlng reduetioa laBadalB tta ate, and by dint of sotind reasontog he iiaa succeededto obtaintog a decided majority of toe Senate to sus-tain his views, bis bill passtog tols morning by a votement of Keepers of Arsenal 16,000 For Agrirulturai S*cieties in toe several Countiesof Ayes, 19andState Agricultoral Society, kcFor salaries or officers of toe Stote Lunauchas been made to &•destitute children of seamen in Richmondtoe Homes for the Friendless to tho Cities ofvor wko shall not, at tke time the serviceFor the Bouse of Befuge, Western New- York For relief of toe Onondaga IndiansFor tbe several hospitals in toe Stale, to be di-affairs are a approacUag aatOe-CeniralBrooklyn DiB^nsaryfor fiveThere arc romc fellows who would oppose this bill, if beenPope.men,For mistakeTreasury byDispensaryITr>y Hospi- ForSocifty for Keformation of Juveailc Dolto-Diipeaearits coaneclQdqucnts inCitythe Radi; to the deaf and dsmb persoijS cf this StategetFor advancestreasurerji onaccount of .. For refunding ejroscous payment into the Treas-ury on acctunt of TaxesFor refundlLg to pnichasers moneys paldrintothe Treasury for redemption of lands sold for toxesto cour, non-residenttaxesreturnedtoComplroll>:ruryFor compensation to Maj.->*en. Burnside in full,for al! services of self and staff, under secti'>ns 9;To James Hull for one year'sogist of Ihii State and tor the eolkctiuti of Ui-sils. &cDebtFor payment olannuitieb to the followio^' In-tlf!:ni 11m.!» Havre Mar>et.the weekand Librarywith thecupalion. condition charge. results.—5,0004,000 1,000'.:50Barrtogton.engaged toree stores, and will commence tlie first of Tallow steadyPATASia Faea Tna LiraaAnaaU,MO „ 3,608 TATABLi rioa tm nrooia op thi nintn RArn ni-33MaIMO Fordividendstooommonashools U6.000 1,680 For dlTidends to Academies 28,000 t.aa ForamounttobeaddedtotoecapitalofeosBDwa— I8MIwasreadand 17GENB&AL MDSt. Jean, N. F.,The steamship Circoasion, bata. Galway. oa tb«toeybut, as they are in bonds, toeirthroughout tbe Stote.LEO.posn ru».96.000 already passed toe Aasembly by a very decialTe vote, 20,000movement of last Fall. The 3d arrived here thia only political insL,6,000 1,600 1,500 1,000M 1,500 tracttog Board law la peculiar. When tha Ameri- erate weather. No lea waf met. 8ha bdaga.ll^ga^of toa ContiacttogBoard. Byamendingtoeact,thapower of appointment la thrown back on the Canal Boud, 600 where it was orlgtoally. The hlstety ofthia Coo-wito tha position— ariangemeat Repnblleana,srihso,an togLegmatnre, aaysthatascendant to toeshould a law pass;toe great Powei s wiU tee the necenlty br ftli.;toatIn this way the Contracttog Board was created, Col. SavaocB permitted to appoint hia assistants, and toe Democrats and Americans who had anticipated spoils aad place were left to kick their heels to toe cold. Now to strip toe Stote Engtoeer of power, and re-store toe to toe domtoant toe law patronage par^,Isrepealed. Ofsuchisabouttwo-thirdsoftoeiegia-throughbody.^"^*««^ oft*o aMA- 400 vis. In toe early part of toe session he introduced a uted between the most populous counties »mf ,ho^8,00o6,600 200 8n,ono 376,800:progressBadget,— billto3001.5,000 'i£,000 3< 600700 750 7N500 ,''.00 300 400 30O 3 '0 JOOsuccess of tn%ir champion to toe Mr. Col- Senate,aand ctiattels on toeto15,090 npon application to the County Coarts, had a tiglit1«,000perfidy. Italianbcpaasqueeze on the final vole. The first count stood onlyby imprisenipentof the Catoolic aad world,agitationforts on behalf of tbeyears,had a chance byto to break out of State Prison. attemptTheBAKiiraOTOir, Feb. 28, 1860.Commercial latelHcaaca.LITXBPOOL COTTOB VAKXBT.The sales of C' rroif in toe Liverpool market fer toahales, of which 2,000 were an apeealsittoaaad fjrnow been ascartained. I thmk beyond doubt, toat no livtog person has keen: ithast» this time, toree bodies—one a female, and a male supposed to hare been a stoker, and a child Bupposed about two years old;spes- ulators. and 9,000 toeiportera. The markat wis Teiy dull, and adecltot of fully Hd. had taktaflaoa,BeMijr on toe middling and lower grades. The ImpsHalarttia Ccmptroller is hereby authorized to transfer count of toe sea. but will as soon as possible. The week were very heavy. The sales of Friday ttsM apIon as satisfactorily as can be,,HSATthe clearance has been picked up, and that toe num- TKT;i..f>'im,!GAGREATLord JoHS Rdisiu has totrodocad in tte Boa* afCommons a Reform blU. It exteadi flw ataettrafranchise to ten pound rr"Tirinrina in rimartfa, aarflestboroughsBRTTAm.Furtherand aU Mr. GuuitToin'B racommeadatioaa itaa la have l>een caixled.Thefrontiers, he adds, requires toe annantkn of SangTaare to respectedof tbe Fiaaeb and be hopes that fniik cxplaiiattsBS af Iha iinipoints to Us ef- Preach amy has and irould iiefnrtoer reduced but for toe Chtoese war and toe Itallaa oe*Uessrs. BiCBAxnsos, Spisci A Co. tools naaalrtBWheat quiet, but steady: Bed Tri^rra.as Maiis, 6d ; White, 10s. sd-sias. CoBsdull, iBd tbe mMhaaButchers',«0B.fii60s.6d. Chuss—Fm9 qualities slightly higher.LITBBFOOL PBODUCI IIAXKBT.Leodon OtockIn the btock msrkei funo.;298. M. «3l8. for PoU, and 33b. for Pearls. Scsae quiet, andIn thespeech waa not satlshctory, »>'', r,'^i«f,^°^"^" •'aline of !<. Consols for money 3'_««»»'<' n„„i,;sales www.fultonhistory.com 