 »itt eeruuiIllprtseiilI"'"*—a pcimanentunlenaiytgenuineoatrlotism.wasnoretreat.Mr.Hocaexhortedthosewhomhepoorf.llowBthatcVnrtantw"',,''^PiecemealtolbaaaIblHiublepeacefully Inhabiting of the PotomacHereany-mo,?w"'"'"''/'""'««ah8ustod.\rSn^^mmmmmgfmmm^im'ww^'Wmgm^^'two heads. '•*',•»,modertiIJbefty.SatsIhalprofouot irstly,toconsiderthecommoncausesofcoai-theourdutyuevidenteriually i Isparajiipg llim. Heaven, snucht first, was evident7 «''»»»weredonethentheretnsyethopeUa« anoo* •••••'•?'•. Ub«i^, miim ounuit •f hap-;evil,whichshouldrnukeusWe shoul ili.:l ol dutj. Wo shiuld bebopeiul, lor when vveleiLcnbfrour pa*t and hiMoryisdown, I wl\ra^,^,^ ,':''»«tfMa*." Tbii docUnw of Jkiaum ri^ Is tbe oantral Intolieedomandwhich there me, whrn Ito deeds from couldjlil'^u "',">.'1'"JTM''"^ >•« wttil for a lltUejanl pbUoaupheKOr.FuacB Lusaa, - Tb* poMtlaal*l***c of llie •Dcienb ]iOt itoelf with tte ddas uccupyof scloiiceoi' poli- theii^M4aaA. Th«aiM:ieaite! U what' we iv-oQld term the urt of govemmeat, thatl*>lk« Mt of the and ii>e meaua ul pre- legttUtiBg Male,plttint. Men are perpetoiilly eying out for g'M^-l, »nil.uinb.e,peBlitn:and toiorant of oib'^rs.Ent Chilsl.OiTinrnf'il on both si would the 'es, parttwo Slaves, thit 01 I'aviir, which held us tqnether »y love, and that uf Power, which mode and wtdca up-liek) odgc law^,Clime.THI llirfKDING>hl^Ublmit is prompted by tliatto jresa forth bvyond wtiui he has atialmd, and lonkupon In these commonly elected tooffieepoorfeUowsuZfall discussion, with Bomination and lorms of open bySeeotUlyIt may be asked. But do you not And aay grounds e/tke chuiion in the (tc(, that we were in danger of if man would teke refuge in God's strength ail HisMr. Dmi°oHtwo of toe documents,i^hispossibility toat even toe madncsa of inea now'">»» »»»end atSSMl prindple that mas as man has jin original and la- quack, who in any way profestes to treat the questton,alienable right to freedom and self-govenunent. He ever the streets one who will crying tiirough for some«h« ^eetiena that right, touches the foundation of ow liienies. Our rights are not derived from Urth,1^ bat a complex mystery is life. Its roots reach out to gather Kustenunce from ten thouFand sources. Yet how we forget the debt we are accumulating by sim- ply living. God ever coutrois our life, presenting lu cellghts lor the ete, ear and all our senses. Then tlie externals of living; open Bibles, churches, houses, icbuols, colleges, the tree Press, fur our eatertaln-tlectioos of the and past,a sense Wour du- renewed their fires frominKanBas, was afterwards introduced to theI am m—mor eeler, or race, or natlooailtypresent famine aud Territory.newspapers, The facts, so far ai I amnot la acquainted, (and I iBiiaehthey caimot be de they are vested In that Bhoad wUch God has given us. We cannot trUegivefstmal rights of man, without Impaaingand dlshon-son oftions of the worla might not be called upon toLord at all times.Scores offor fonrillec haveaclagear own. We cannot deny treedom andeqaall.public depression in which all the na-ty to the black man without making the whiteoar God. IncetFion for this one assurance—The Lord relxiis, let cry Psalmist, Deep calleth tbem. For himself, he was utterly worn out and What iittJe com there is, is not fit for bread onabarter of liberty whiah God bss given to me and to ev«ty man as an inalienable right. No matter what heti«ca, I cannot be a party to redticing any man toliearii Paul and Silas to God and sing praisesmontiis past some thirty thousand human had beingsbeen left to starve in Kansas, without a move having been made towards relieving them. He almostclothing,HAWLEY, Pastor In Charge. lesa.— reason Slavery for the antaad my cooscieBce fbrbld me to do bim this eoormoui WTOBg. The love I bear my country forbids me toany This unspeakable joy had all the Saints.14,Maveiy we cannot be quiet, we cannot be tralyaud werefcee. Be who oppresses man, fights against God.Ok, Lordus that we luay be ashamed of this expression, we Ia his Church, oa Waahlngton- square, yeetorday general ui^heavalhundred.organizations are comrag wiro ovr organization.'^;Considering la contrast the;herd in the stallsttberty and happiness. The one cause of discord, the To know that ttiere is a higher good working out ing loudsMke aoch a blow at the heart of the nation's one ground ofapprehen&ion we have in the laxkd, is—it is;M afiiia LcTbXR, in toe of amlcuon day**earnestlife,!suid, "Come, fiiends, let us sing the Foity-sixih Psalm," of whichand this is such because It Is Sihagalast justice, against right, against God. With even the lips of official authority have proclaimed toSlaveryto create thetbe people that we have not much to be thaukiul for.:;inspiration of Thauk.-giving Day. YetI have cot bad a dollar to pay frrlghts with, as I haveof toal $100, and more, to buying saahs.thy countenancehas been abundant, arkd men have felt in allI<aws and constitutions are tbe only safeguard of$!(> perthe*me*mpTomuimgJhvMet* to the Onstitutwn^ forms have just now especial cause for thankfulness. The3. Ta our national freedom we miut tdkrre with guard!liftuplightuponikr*U£k vkick U is expruMtd mud refuUind, A State harvest •r cation mustbave a liberty regulated bylaw, or it that will vadUate between licentioosnesa and agesmorniDg,Dr.IMh to 14th verse"When thou hast eaten and art fall, then thou shaltha hatha.<* well as of wellkl]e^a There is a pr.>of of greatness, in*scnucl» a»behmi.lurno tepthouiabceverlakeo baciward luin this cry there Is a proof of gieatuesswhin ^Z ."•MTkg aai miectlug it.*• Idea oftheSUt* and (ledaee efery relutionof Uie and ihls defire is reet-gnized even by those who lane the fuiute.:•««. And^mi',^;';"^'^"^'- >^ ^ af-fc*l»hl«»l to It from thlx flrrtprsv for iheir continuance ancdomlmuictrteeaes,fmenLGod grant thut tbe apprehensions regarding the future might not be realized; toat wben another twelve- iriontn had rolled by all sit down asIcrwaiion—droveaflerdrove. TheJ?^; Wag"onwrkBowlnlKe that the Siuie, iiuw«fei ioportaat anJence.And again, the corrent quottlon of tbe text isihatall ourHook preached FKib-aveDue, corner ef Thlriy-• God Is our refuge and eueiigth, a ver'v a"^rssentfnhelp trouble,z 1 hirefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the motmtains be carried Intodened to f and sounds that '*'mUt mt tafla to manklml. however aatnial. and tbouch1fshtsmeshudder. To-dayas asf•( atauMUe still la but a maaua to aertals ob-times ircDipied by ani»irowut«s of viMou, causeloriUthe Cnck Chuich,many"da ike culture af the uullvldiial cqlinmaie ia thein the audience beioru mmthe >irop3 of tne moin the iolty loounlaln,, we are apt Ui vaUeys Ijiug between them, where areRevemd gentleman, who Is from South Caro- REV. T. F. WHITB'S DISCODRSE.TBI 8T.SKVIKG III lANRAB—TOUCDIKGTBOM have their eiR. 8. O. FOHXBOT 10 THADDID8be dlsuibamd Anderson, linn, Breckinridge and Shawnee-«•, eiKfeavsr and ilgutsPlato and AaisroxLamany li.e leel It this day ol all days Inwhen'^Jf'am'il^i,e;sLooking at theThelina, was beard with respectfol attention torooghoat.I in LiefiyCoTunhteies.po^itH'ii.fhedolLgofbroiLer'6 blot^d a brother's but by bajid,Tiie sermon which Eev. Wm. J.yesterday irorning, before a congrsgatlen which filledMightcrntlDbed-repeateddaybyday. 1 •» 1,,!!?''"<esire of in^n which luge^so kept down riot, anaiahy and OSIfIS, ASD UOW TO IICIT IT.these da} s. and toe urgedYSur^o^r^n, l^^i.vio »bo has caieu for us The auclenu sat out irora cut into tlie boundlet! realms whioii oKo to his «, do so intheygood work of the Sabbath and shouldhitherto will 1.11I 10 Let us pray thjtToe mxlanu the oryect and most uiutorial view of human exist- on Ibis contecralwi sell there may oe imnecoccltj,iKia, bxib lor the Individual aud lor societjr collect eafe or alTecdon of the e> e mav Beauteiemspolpnray- dwell oil what we call pereoually. We are apl to seventh-slreet, toparts that there might be no dlvls- lei.B In the Stale Or In the Church, but that if toe worBtcame upon them thev might be^ found doingappliedwilSlomsteatrhvie.ng The amount lepfetople, nnleaa au..!bunduess, andTljinihe moat «fficlciit protictioa of iodividuai- aiUonof ail the good toere is lwahloire".>"';i»»»y. In which tke InBlvWual Is boond to live by his aiue Westeit one of the hti^hnt aims of civilaie itr>t(1ieciaJ, and tom swimlahlilnsatecnk doafysm,ranLd yTetbe^oamfoaumnitly whiall< had over%^tlccalofthepoliticalcowmonwealth. Theatmti aa Uie personification of Hamauity. The doe- beiiTa these Sespondtnt over the light as weU;ilt>- mtt] of Greece rose no higher th«n this idolatry of the'desponding cry.is not a spl.ii of "bbeJieLthe time S^orof aUau-God Is tooMna ol i/unas BiglU*, derived from Chriaiiaoitr, ecenuait falili, a light whiocfh,weavesroiutagnoewrngrandettmanioi, thatl:fe. There are aulmaJcuia; sa 16t),lt'ii,CC« ul tlem wUl uot weigh a grataraised in your presence moetiy, or io eanaa- quence of your visit, and they diftrlbute free afebuga. I can do nothing but attend to this business i^Eet hut from our view »U taues 'r-ni ature. So a Mnt!l« calaml.y may bll»l Thererowre.orge-gieat ble»iug8, because laey (orgtt the cuumon, sua aa we siy, which balie.e-atlsruigisnwuhmiecrhabajreatsoe hUing up of life, andrepletton,Euggo«ted by the alg- :;whoee a e gaiteied logMbei and tvhaeccainrtcle uumbereoou,t inUiewluaivgientgdes^ ncei,ey ones lose thethe mountains shall shake with but we find Nowhere can we Uiereof. Sejah.shew as good. Im desponding ery arises from aims ai>d methods-recalling Virgins annuallyingaudience.he woulddestitution in that unfortunateThasbics Htatt, Esq.—Dear Sirnar- rowness of vision, or from the pursuance of laifitalt^n.-flirt III apen any such groundwitk sack a right. We cannot deny ta others these in one word—God. Ttiere was never a sea- Bieut aud culture ;On this occasion their notes of Thanksgiving mightiu thanks. and are now waiting to anxious for the ex- eveiytblng toglve 'Tbongh they might be Capt. UoNTOouEBT, who would be happy to address suspense,occa- sion of Christian thankfulness, it is expressedofwho andtherewouldcamebackaoanswer,buttbeservinggoneletters,whichfullysetforthtoeterribletown,InantrtBg,te anxious solicitode, to know what ynn are doing aadqaestlonwill show us any good? might be put,amictions, there should ever be praise welling up in our hearts.of agiving. Even though desolation stalked through thetheir haveto otoers are net great City, almost an empire of Itself, tiiat for three able to leave. Without help they most starve aadThis feeling Is morewere So the ciiildren of Zion, relying on the Word ol God, would ever go rejoicing under and allProphet Habakkuk:up<jnbe ehadowB uf the hills, across a Uvil thrown,jo> iiil.Maskatoii, OctEXTKAcrrg ntou lettzbs.pltinsIs in comprehend. itselfenoughknow how thunktiiem] jiuir«i,lytowhich we cannottee tixt was a part.In that text, in the first place, the presence of aing on the plains of Southern Kansas. What relief had so far been afforded had been given by'.have reason to be despotism. ering in the golden fruits of their tolL:•••••theytnankful while gath-fearful it was to know that there had been such justUt Diab HtattBUpplementary proclamation, advising the works well. The Commitiee are here fromofyear,il;g.Si the iutciesis and happiness of the individualto tm Siaie; a nhned comraunlsin being beans, as they iioiked the u.icats, go t TWs that cunthieikblu8i,eisowLi,g hercs, pleasant homes and aU Ihe DiidEtoftbe sea;we haveWho will snow any goodto the comfort and happUiess of max. gieut to consider anything teat He gives3. the waters thereof Thoughroar and be troDhle'l,systemthe bands of the pooras the smoother events life,a**. Tta*OfcatChartergivenbyKingJonla13IS, plan ^ouietioieti, however,othoecryis expresstoa Godjetihtyarealllivingcreatures,foreacnofwoict oftheMostHi^h.laaad its <ret political exprecsloa with the Eogll'ihglad the city of God, the holyplaceof the tabernaclesCALLED BT SE. CBIETEH'S CHUBCH.an andof ilie vilest scepticism. But tbe phase of unbelief ibcaiing. So ail the unseen life around us float-for it was not the liioe. in thehe would not dwell, ing sunbeam, auu to wnich tiieInteliigem olation, and they cry out'witb full as much joy as sad- The blessings we call great, do they appear so toWho wlu show luThe question of Uie text is sometimes prodaoad by said,It is lor theAa Babaaa•Ctteat unlawful arieats, and needless and oppraMve are men living In tbe iowect grades of seosoality,AMayaoflaw. And ten yean later, afi« <»?""'»; whofe higher life seenuallstrlckenoatofthem. Yet we hardly notice it, because it is a eommua bieasing,5. God Is In the midst of herRev. Tbioikibi F. Whiib. who"Ko freeman attail be taken, anarncbODei), or diaselxed, or oatliwed, or banlsnad,she shall not righ early."At tbe call of tbe Governor e( theUr. Ho«a said, they were gathered together as uU-fills Dr. CaiBvxa's absence yf that gentleman in Borope,•aaiained this pieOge:;betoeTruly, 8. C. POUBROT.Oct 9Z. from Washtngtan is re- telegram. Illinoishasa}readThe-atter car-lead of mlihui^fla* •« waj dealn>T«il ;•r conuidthia to prlaan, aalesa by the leg>> JThere are manyUniverse, see uuihing but barreimess and desolatioB. Ii g aud ecu ruUing all tor Ihe good of his •1 o them Ufe Is nothing but terror, and death des- ci eatures, fur the sake ol His beloveo Son.aer wlU we pass upon Hm,Commonwealth,sermon, taldi^i the eth verse "ntaUwnoBOD.we'WiUdany no Man, or defer rlgniVour letter also, youref kis peers, orUens of theirBsto me In pleasant places•r the jBa«ce.»HereIM* wUh thethe »«n stood righuol Jhceto,any goodconiparkon" ButomonAlmightything was a tbanklesi hearthi eplace. Intended to be a source of warmth, in whichprerogative"f*,.?*"*dcubt from theget, in IlllBols, a nuUianbycountrymen were, God for bis oounllesatoIhavea her- goodlyceivedto Bead in car-load"'',«: the Uw of the land. We wUIonly:af the kixg. Iaact, to protect personal, libertyandto belteve .that thepay freights. I kBTe ao to. that Aiirr aod I ee£ signs monUi but it takes bushels -nltiftm'aif ia aa>torpuattoalMd Drought Wjiuin 0* Orange to the J^TM"",of the niB-Thesiin rises aud lets inaspects,timea pointed to a higher standard of aatiooalK^avL ca»e the Bill of Rights passed >>Ttheyseeking good,butup,andtbeemotioncurl from upS.in the mire of his sensoal graveling Instincflt,the rising sun. When God wishes to ilJuslrato th< pieciousuets'uf his salvation. He does not hkeu it to Ever gems or gold, but to water, of whose value we do no!and assented to bythe King, faadameatal rights and UbeniesthemSlavery. The causes of the landheriUge" were then pictured out in tbe magnificence of its territory, toe existeuce of constitutional liberty to a greater extent toan in any otoer nation, in the exercise of freedom ofPress, and above all In the preralenoe ef a trae re- ligion aud reverence for the Bible. In conclusion he prayed that the Republic might continue to be handed down to their children's ctdldren a herit-which are in comingitct were solemnly reaffirmed even as againstthe same question bursts from a high plane of solidheiypleslsliing.;In ancient Rome the seven Virgins con-»n awodaay?m«»' P»rUa-Ul tkem breaks out the boaadiesanecsthe lifeless faggots;lo^Mam ass oom^^^^^^^ to-night answered fi'ty Ictlera for wm.tare— la "»'«'' the taary,arehowwotildtheascbartersbelong"tothetimeswhenGoverw nothingnewandncthlngtrue—Whowillshowusanybut this is an age "wbea the mnpit charter GavtntmnU.i ." and the great doctrine ^ ewr Declaration af Independence is that ** Govern- meats derive their jast powers from Uie consent of thewho are governed wholly by mulerial interests—men lihes 01 Ihe field. Wben He teaches us to pray. He «4o. In a nation's life, eee no higher good to be ac- does not command as to ask for what we call greatfVoai LetterofJudge Xmy, daud Oct. 9.advance of absolutism"'onhigsoneSouth. IexpecthimhereIperpetualbe with some strains of sadness. Bui the mingledsoine- as a uis-lllirciires may be amiobly and salislac- adjoHeu. I'aising from tuu, toi.lc lei u< siieaawould haven?"" twelve f'aaumtmtoL,'h5a!v^emen arouivl aa the our life sustains who, looking world,palpit duringicries out. Who will show us any good ? Sooietlmos!abeing "goodlyfrom all parts of I'm rttennWiS ATaeamilohrays,youmustexcusemefrom furtherwrld?Jat there was jet a step tai ad- ask than to solve. And even great intellects are he does not mention His acu of; creation, but tells us very"I'heway we have organired this Terrltorr ta aam.yaaragatlve.vaaee ef all this. Acoordiag to a line distinction, apt to fettle down in desponaeacy, anJ say there is ihat not a sparrow falls to the grounj without Hisopinion, of speeoh and of theplete, and nowirviKifyinthat. Yours,traly, 8. C. POUBROT.? God in;nessfollowing nilstakea alms and metbodg. TIum there pleasant thingwithTruly tbe light is sweet, and iof humaa aa- vilely. The vehm-esly begotten Sou,morality, qiecially illustrated by the eholee for ttie first time of a President avowedly opposed to hiukan^be^fi'USed^.'-^^The work, thmk GodAs I have9\tt yttp-lfprk STttms, Jribag, J^'otjnnber so. i««e.spoataneeusly HmCrown.Thus Knglish Hberty grow by Intelleciualpursuits—forthereisnothingbutwhat thinktillweuracompelledtobydrouthanddesola- Uthemindofman,whatevertherewasoffire,had the assertion of personal rights against royal we can make a question of, and it is much easier to tion. When he withes to mention His own works, fiist been kindled, and from time to time, needed re-notice,andthattheveryhairsofourtiea:^arenum- stentlyguardedthesacredflame, wttmu chartered bh^rty ;" and that was a great step in good? Sometimes this question oomes from those beitd. He tells us how He clothes the grasses and the beam, in the temple of Vesta. Itkindledwasby;intereste. It is the expression of human deepoadeacy dully bread." gcremed." That dccuine rests upon tlte broad pri- and human need eveiywliere, and we revert to every trast with ours.Thegive it, but cannot fundsh toe means to boy aaek* ad pay freights. We are now to a good shape to mailsa produce, and have arrangemetus with the ralheafc by which produce that may be sent will *ce.t-t»e••aa•i• low rates."cempllshedthan the advancement of their material blessings, but the petition, " Give us titls day our08" the ashes that accumulate on the alter.these Thanksgiving Days were good. It was well to dedicate one day in the whole year to reviewing reool-"goodlyand indivlsiljle, growinggoodness and greatness ofnals npen the rights of man as man. The system ol the earth rejoice. Iftheie were no God. im> mighty constantly arid lalthfuily to God's uiiweariad love. unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts allHaven is not only incompatible vrltti aur prafeiiiomtlfeaaaoas,itiadesUtuteoftheveryideauponwhich••rfreedoB ia based. Wc have no right or title tokeedom that does not vest equally in every man as anoriginalendowmentoftheCreator. If,therefore,youaak me to sanction Slavery by some political compro- thi Imsgluatii n (given us to bring down mlaa, y«a ask ma to surrender that great natural land, coBsolousiiess that It was all for the devel- The choirs uf sluging angels uversboiiepower, vorking out a plan in the universe, tlMn theuponouroiinos. Wemaketoomuchofthese. Iaallto read a fewausery of the people of Southern Kansas.were written by Gen. Pobibot, agent for the Relief Association,aiAtehlsou. Heeotildscarcelybelieve,is a cause for thanks- perpetualreigning pow^ropment of some great plan, should cause us to rejoice."Weoverstatetheillseflifeandtakehis song shall be with me, and myauto the God of my life." The inmates of toe he said, as he looked about upon the wealth of thispresent extremity. Hundreds of families will leave unless help comes soon, andblossom, neither shall fruit be in the nnes: that be ft a man. God of the olive shall fall, and the fields shall'JAud pant like climbersW e sigh BO kud, the niKhtlnvale withinBefaaes to si.-O. brothersOf rakiig vainly, in a ulalniive mood,Ihe holy nameaf gri^: hnly kerela,Ihat by the grief of Oae, came all oar good."REV. DR. HUTTON'S DISCOURSE. lEBCKS or DIBUNIOSIITS AND rAMATlCS.inChristian era, but he supposed that theset forth bv the "Aithouxb the fig tree shall nottbe laborJNO.beautifullymeatthere shall be neIn the Lord, I will joy in the God of my satvauon."pathbeset,people;tbe flock shall be cut ofi' from theFrom Letteryet 1 will.no aiMl rejoice!Near the alderbraksThey though they wandered in daikliess and iu periL In like spintyield loid,theirwasandof IhR give practical attention to Uie matter until they hear, aext March, that toe bonesthee. Beware tliat thou defective, we vote God out of the universe. If there be any ments, and ids statutes, whichprovetkere Is a esnstitbtional way la wliich can meaning in Thanksgiving It is faith tliat God giveslegal, tiieybe modified and repealed. Tliere is no otber way^mpatifale with a just and regulated freedom. Eitherthese United States must have one Constitutional Every year God's power aud goodness letters the is multiplied Then thine heart b« lifted and t-iou was lite ihe mouataln which had here itsupfreedom against the tyranny of despots en tiie oae Tkankcgiviagsupergtl- >ilvenforgetthy tloi.s wiiMu the past year nay, that they may comedaeaaed lUMqual, if ooostitutionsI Lest when thuu h-fSt eaten and artaui iiast builtpiucc,any refuge ? Ytsfor,Gevemment for their common interests, or as in the';forget the Lord thy Gud."The discourse founded on these words, presentedgroupthe Constitution that guards our liberties.;)rThe people of these United States,peaceaUy.altersay.any—Tke evidence onsidethefor theluglLive,isb of trmnpete. These places send the right along.|ae»lBtuus the harrebt, and cverv we witness a perfect yeargoodly hottses ard dwelt therein:was no for precod'|itbya thing. He sent me yesterday, three loads, all packed, and a morelookforaprece- fejoictogsetofmenvouneversaw.miracle by seed time and harvest,earth with goldrn evidences of His loveand fruitton. we witnessAnd wben thy herds and flocks maltiplj, and thy fuse. lii.« character and atiributts were presented la thysuch wondered if the Governor wouldcan find it in his heart to good fWho will show us;—and not only our but our luded to. refuge,Mpromise' Arotmd us we have healthtwo leading thoughtsGovernor of Ohio had done what ke waa askedgrowthrilvfr and thy g. Id is multip.'ied, and all thai thou h^i^t the Scri] tuies in an endless variety of phases. Hedent w hen his family and himself were iu the agonies ' The weatoer is still warmthe procesaon of the seasonslike a benediction on a fulfilledpleted mork, and In all this have we not cause for thankfulness ?;our families, and in view el tois blessing alone who tional existence has been bestowed upon us andthe fallina leavesdrop and a com-racts, its heights which the bold,intgkt climbits topless ptaks ever catehing the sunshine, ever in-Italy of the middle ages, they will be arepublics, divided by jealousies, weakened by fac-lisBs, tossed together in civil war, to be bound to-gather at last by the citain of a military despotism.CNu- national freedom deiaands a firm adherenoe to diseaee in epidemic form has crept into the bosom of prosperity which from the very beginning ol our na- as^ecti B iie character of ,God was revealed to us.of petty;beyond,no darkFirsttn tkt marxlous; netratedNew York.Mr. Ht.itt then called Mr. Dbhison to toe platform,irg upon our land, we shall have truer Ideas of lis B.aguitude and enoimlty than ever before.primarily a FoUtical tocsin for secular changes, was 'hesacredarssoflheaaeicntaaiVMtmleMba nadeticB 'to the common gToands of humaa deapondencf,aad also to the perpetaaj eaaie for universal thaak-fulnesa. This would aattually divide bis disooerse beialui, linn i.nd hOL^ful. Sneers ana iau..ts do uot larih. It was, as men on the two sidesbtcome this h«.ur. Weincciieciioliwiththist<>-of ibings nearer to asthey mightto me for aid.yet God compares tne of His giftUMiay sent SW Uekt;:is not a concession to oldhand, or tnetyransLT of mobs on the other. Iflawsare tiens and Prejudices. It is rationally founded unless Gid, in not keeping bis commandments, and his judg- upon us in /aid of toeir;ofBtervation. HeBeemedcould make and precedente,sendlag—Tie cawtesatctsslDlelu' dark and gloomy depths, which couiJIcrh-lsthe secret 01 v.l.ely ualng andUh, or that we ran return as nualLthe swelllitfiu meal toHTATI—A PUBLIC RELIEr HEETIMO 10 BE wanecreis put toto the hands of the Committeee.whawe shouldhave sius eauugh of our own became moie Cliilstiaa, that there wa« hope of true flamed might not lead themIbihimmeolaieiy addre«fed to do their pert towards re-siorlrg He haimony.character of the mentrrr^clhlnstoeat anda Hjf;"'^ "'.""e "U''our UaiUUin po-inon, 11 '•eiiis tbe height of unoeiief to douui that il»e ClodaadREV. W. J. HOGE'S DISCOURSE. thankful. They should be especially grateful for the Mrp.«Hr.,Ta defiidte relations. God is mov.moved God shall ber and that ; bel|>poor are nnfed.not to some ot the merctca lahieh we call but u great,smoke80 God's Word qatokeaed the human heart.Thus God's thooghte and ways con-^fSereforcage" long continued, more prectons forever.how these call upon us to bless theEpiscopal distresdag.Church, and have thieBy (iod's dear gluiy) down onr earth to rake1 he dicmul snows, instead of dake following flake.To cover all the c rn. We walkin the midst of ail theirfreeze, for want of food andas fci^esne wonld.let us leave the ahameand sinof:replied, "Ohtoat was only a Western precedent,"Shawnee and Breckinridge CoiinUes. Another ear- —far llf*k/iilues$; its glacieis. In various parallelnot to be followed toe Stete of byload came to-day over eig it tons. All theee eat-every0/necessityfull,;in the lecond place, the text said God was tbelr re-stroked his chin wisely, and said that toere poor in that township. I sent him the teams hewater-drop isbe delivered an Impressivettiose of which we taae aote tnumberingmai'i freedom a cheat and a sham. Our freedom give thanks, while the hours marched in gohien pro- our mercies, let us not forget those wh'.ob testify moat couitrained to with tke " pected aid from you, not only In /ood, bnt In tlotkinrPerhaps at this hour our trials and griefs are crowding Waves and thy biltows are over;but after thairPteaiCent."TheirgovernorproceedsfromtheforsadnessJYes.Thereisalwayscauseforhu-forgettingGod,aadofhavingourheartsliftedupwithpowersshouldgoforthforourprotactioo.These AdeaconsuggestedthatinviewofthesmallneasoftoasksomethlagforsomepeareMWjpao'f"atthlea (there not more t' lady, thehad heenroa a» laanecd iB-T*~ eaagrrgaUean, belag thao tluM "hanadliedpcaraoneapreseat,)tatherproeeeddiiiwafaTtS saia fbtchl}dxeunrladpresent he miinnrtTr'. and a GonmtttFe be- ^>dined hungerto call a pBblicjmeetiag. to be held In cme of tta tan- Oh! the lot of Uiat mother—left ^law, have designated one of their own number to beUdst ef them." On next tiu electors miliation and prayer, even in ihe times. It Wednesday happiestti uths be not now dwell Unto this de- mi^.ht upon.pride.fee deaigiuted day the President of tka Seaate, tbe conplexlaa of the poUHcal horizon. Out This, the preacher remarked, ia to ke aeea in our In the third a* the result of to GodwlB discharge tbelr duty under the CkmstltaUoa. Oc mast ke admitted that there- is cause for sadness inleiict we mu.-toontinailv resort. And,.... tner conldnot atop their cas place, tbi«,(alng antage, th<^ha<im«iMte>4apietuT««ftheneace, wlB- apaa and eoont the votes traaMBlttod •at ^on that party wUehlBayt " flurry," just as much heard in oar big-swelliag words—read in nevi^apars, glar'sew and pcrpetally ai the Ohun^, of wMCB- GodJd presence <( both Houses of CSaogreH, apoB tbe party spirit #hich aay* It is a mare lurry;love and taato for pleader and the pompc of Ufedaly clectsd PnHddent of the United States. 'By tka ot faclr mpoaaati la the Moragaber contast The to threaten war aad the dlaso- awsy i political aad aattoaal Igltatlou might prevail;CMstltattontlils^aaust be doae, and niAody dfoubts Chrlatlaa vrtll ladead cay thatis a thae for deep Igporant demagogues Zloaehouklbe wie. Nay,tka. earth oncetha be installed, nor that he will uw all his native nothing to be thankful for. A nation should be thanli- widom and firmness, all his known patriotisai, and fui for its cross ot manliness. Let us then be thankfulpoweraddirg the wariung in Ills word 7providenceWhat means this pressureatt has lately received FromGt-urral!:u>competi8ali,Hif'.n-aslave.•when the day be notktsfi;ore. rf which I am•f Psalms:ti- I.]The soUd,frugal spirit of the .Saxons, not diuttnguished for—of his office, to and for ours, tiiat we have not muzzled our opinions at the in our money market this wavering of confidencePomiroy.Avi^Hisen, K. T., Nov. i, lOOt.preserve, protectI the chartered and well-ordered freedom trans- dictates oi a doub'.ful poiicy. Whatever may com", this horrid ciy of dL'-uiilon which floaU^ jp'iu oar hail en n:a^r to introduce the que.'tions which hadtbrat, wM probably be in to-dav, seven teame that TsAhSBtJSHyatt—Jdydear.Sir:inc'a?e*-I stnd haverorr.e160miles!ThemoaxkeingwereeiglitdaystoTo borrow the l>eautuul simile of CuausJin.ii;s thankful for.We have to pass throagh a path over mbdr.ess wl.uh tureateas us. Nor can 1 lorbea- briitJJEg v,'.Ui armed man. But they were load just thlidc of it :that "thair noolee are oftoem-City prf>clanation,Lt-^in^riis;ii'-rasoli.. the nlark of (he buil-doi;aad toe of lerooilyaj,d tne it Las not yet comeI> MdtheUii.dintoihet.en'raJ.^tseruDlyofthePresby-by our fathers. He lutist do thispMle must and wlU sustain klm In doing thismeaal iitierty and self-govemmeot are at an end. gratefulueKS to GoJ, under all circumstances shouldXXhe ceitaijity of a change of Adminittrauon has be written every w here. He has cradled us between ple can consent to talk about the mere possibility of a .'ul-jtct if opc.-JU and pio,-.erf taank^giving they;;, It Is uot our world, but Go-i S0utherubree7.es? Oh \lam sad and fcarlul, f.oiuv..or our Almighty's, I'bat cxpre»5loa of the PiAlmlst, uft- rial* ChLrch, but the eilorthad beon calmly met aud so-blessed peo- fefealec. If, us l-rf-sbyterlans, they did aol make thisyou some slips which Mrs. Pouebcy has cut from coming in. Thev say rr init tte to send impox.tibteam dieapj'.oinled that iho pejpl*^ do v.uuUl not bi ii'ic to the Church and to lhrm»elve«. tote who, lor thirty years, have mainly controlled corn in our vQliie^ ; and now because a trial comes Lot lebuke ai-u fiov^u down t.ie poliiljai dcnia- iat. llr«k dwelt at si me 1, ngth upon tne prosjerHy ef ie Gecerai Government in the interefets of a section, upon us shall wt deny gratitude ? Did G'.>d ever le lil goj^ue who dares to iuiagiue Svich a eiilaia- ii.e CLuri-h. b,:rely, he said, if '.hat whicu ihi'y adwho,liXetrieJacoblas."ba7ead^'ocatedfraler- anatio.iontoprosperitywithoutcompellingtheinto nyandsucha(v^ickfrjue-b—liiat thrydoH'lt Jearfd,thedlsn:pl;onctthe8t|S"ate«,shouldojcur.it ization, so long as they co'jld contrive to be the elder encounter trials, and are we to cry out? l-i-t lianu aim traitor nrvl rebel agaui^t tiod and hisc^jun- win. Id tier bo. a source ofvrauficailon to them to re-^aated a huge vacuum ia the hopes and puns of two great ocean*;, and spread our sails abroad like the disuiuon. ishines In a shrubbery. So long as the air 1» iiuite still, antnes'. And so let ns be thanklul for the good wc t'.ings' at the South, la some degree to th*' un,{uuly, ar.d iioue could ti II what was before them. Insane t^ ihadowb combine to farm a pretty trelils-vrork, huve, and thea for the faith which looks hIgEer tiian tiTibiotherly s€U-rigblo*'U.<^ne6.s and sel, -exalt I'.kin, Inhaticrm hi»d alrriidy cost Uicra aiiliions of dollars, which looks as if it woujd be lasting. But the wind is mere material good. We know, if not for ourgeoera- which th^ North have exiuoited oil thlfi subject. We and oalrss God have meicy and stay the threatenlagescugh to blow, and tbea to pieces goes the tion that for another. If not for ourselves that lor our huve net fe.t the s)mpatliy fur the Soalh which wt: stoiiii il mlt',.1 'jverwlrflm us. He whs grieved to tetreviJeires-ewoik in an instant, and tite shadows, which children, the elements widch uinzle lu confusion in ought to h:,ve felt We have iu.<t always Lrc'i'.ed tjo u vhink that the hi arts of his fellow- countrj-men wereXttre ^e many that say. Who will show as oojr Lord, lift thoa up the ^kt of thy cunntra-us. Tfcou hast p<Jt gladness in my kean,canDr. CBipiK premised by saylag that the portioa of only injure tho«- who off. r tiem.• geed tstanees given more money to go and bay a bushel ortwoof but I cannot docorn, I It longer—(}o(toeaneeerettban la the time Msf their (eora aad ibeir wine taareased."ri ill.rt'1' f-tt.uponThis paper rtxjiiiif* „overy» h"If Gj-t's BlS>;e wish 1 coiiH. have woiked hard for twoand oonstituBonaJLIyatteomt one w.r shew us any good f and in the conelaslon of the toxt turn and overturn tJU his righteous win i? a<jc-Mritt.e sightkis pUgritnigee were.IT>,'.-r-.r>-andancient 6l>ck-for our open Courts,^ aad apm.David gave the trueby the despending spirit ef hisand Be can Slsikstheodu,t of darkness.th. cr.. of Slavery atqur-ition1i0o tmhe Cvi.>oou*'tn.'ttuu*adiomn, 1t0o come flor- bn-1 wilh miJijii"ly grnorosity repeai tlMat.see have relieve tbelr distress- toey something toeipeciationithatthis country, will onlywitress the areadW he aaswer Ae Ia theM,i.;.l ,,„(:1T; ». ?-•: tf.ut) or '.hi' WiS*' rneii fo gather toge'.h-very aptanswer to the question promptedt). !-, Northern States that had wito a tine from will wi' Ul.' duty of iiiC me, slating toelr ctreumstances,future, both to aad ta the England,and thus alao despocding questloiiers of all ages.room for Its fee To make ChrlTl Intofollowers,!a most remarkableineflTable in Its effrontery andAlter the v«oik of a*i-a.?slnati:'u kad been roi e.^tif-re wasa rei*r'.toa lor awBlle; but soon they had had woros from ti,e (.uJplte and Pleases, prooiaim- iht? b:m wLoBE/) rione ikeoeed a ntartyr, and his a^Impiety. sary to expend many words opon It ;It is iwt neces- let it speak forit to make some tooktog people, for The reverendMaioa'a Orvioa, Ntw-Toax, Nov. 24, ISM. PsosLAMAnen.—la accerdaace with cusuim and theAno'Jier car load came this evening,and stillyekleriay noming, in spite of the balmydsy, there wa* not even one to mately my duty as Mayor, to reeurniueod to tke people of the coiiunuiiwi^aitb ul toeHad toey lived to hearIn wc Territoryto work. theS. C. POMEROY. fruit"greenandshallnotbecarefil IniaviUan admiloa to•le beauty of the day, we nj, for H U aa indl^wta- as a day ef " Thanksgiving aad Prayer."Jews lato fragments. Now,8« ol oki, all a lae and good goverurivent rested on tne hiai pheiry. They had heard it ;„Ms fact, that pieasaat vacant pews qai-,c as mar.htwo staves <.f the Propkata imngery—tbe staff of Utloal, cosamerdal or fiaanctal aspect, ^reii«i;.ts ao bt8uty,or fjvor, or nTBCe, on the o.k; lj.;vd, anl tliewwither crowds a church with aa unpteasiuit, especiallyWblie ia my judgaient tire country, either in its po-hla- <'^«^proclamationof the Governor of tbeState,It beeomes(A,. ;Ur rot>£>of Jee-aa Christ!lading byorgarilxaiions; drought, neithershall ceas? from yielJtagtbe coagregatlon. In spite of this Cl^ the observance of Thursday, the ZBth'-'Biartyr thatever lived, wcji would stUl be languageTnily yours,lastclause: "And, .. PaolBaia,features for which we abould be thankful, we are yet Suanay. Brovlw^y, ia Its beau- called upoa by every coosiderutioa of self-preserva-TL»=apiTeh*'iici-ns that existeO. Th.iy knew that It.a member. Sometorlcal andof (he inflo^ne «fis generally quite as attractive Father of all merciest„ the majority as tion to owr ap to the uevxittiiot bad aowa the wind should uury of ( v< -) Chrtitian tfamilies toe lilue came to me yesterday— upon toe and culture, and subsequrntlv clvUadvancementoftoety,the narrow wai.-7lf anything, the baJua-.; tremWesetroBa,and tierveat prayer for His Interpoelttoo and protec- tion from the impeadlag evils which threaten cir ia- slimtioiiE and tbe aaUoaal interests of the peeple.libertyobliged to tell me tlielr wants. They feel too proud rellglousand wasef manhood our among4„f of her virtu-" aci^.,:: » 1 I. a; b ni.t ri;^.;Cod only knows. 1thetact ttiatany portijnul ourany grasssimpleour tcrrltorir-l paperii. TUey may an^w-cr some of the teams cgain vntU Springhave called Relief Meeting's! organixed C'Oininittees' it even It' Ihey had the vnonev, for tke peopie have it railed a territorial convention ! Why uli tk'it if no ni't ' Cinf team from Brecklriridge county, rJ6 mtiee. dtstituUonisfea-edt ButIt'stoolab!toquestionor Isalsowaitinglorrelief. Everydaythereareseveral eavlL The " bnnger fiend" you described some six teams In that come from 40 to 160 miles. This weektionalwhich seems to me tie pii-^sage, fixed Its meaning as a proj.^Lecy ii i typ-i ut"ia favor of the former. But Dr. Cniimaralag, had a charm to sUy the ti-le ofIkat 1( ceascleealy ebbbig aad »>^ria« alon.-; ihsmart, and It streamed through the opsn do^rs «r his neu<, let the day aet apart ad Thaakagiviag be observe and rckfci,n:Ec}, ccuW ao; k^g ei'wrj If t, tbe lftj;rert seivae 01 our great brovherho>>d.charch, flowiag up tbe aUes, drcUng rouni thepu- ph, and filling every nook aad earner of tiie buildia:;.by ihe people of this City•uppiica'lon— not emitting In our prayars the expres- sioi^ of the aope that liwiee who hare, la vlolatloa ofI'u^ TI.i V stO'-.l'' St U'cver-itJ) to spe**ch, S'>b,?r la olrs^'i. a."'l endeuvor X-j do all thaotfwiis Nloiitto'lotrof Magna Ckaita.1hrongh es irnuy as eight times within two weeks, and kept toe oraoftheostabllshmtoentUielr fruition of tbe pro-divldtognunetimlaanllshwoaulsdsguofni^*e.r. IAswiItsh IIhad money the ..rad.taJ Ugirioiwtghreat Instrument and equallyis, yesterday hirmaity grfatLive land aad th,:trof o-irown anw<>rtbi- other start, of auttorit)iI'h* ystiouid bow before Ood and oonfe^s the na-on this continent This Influen-* from toe onrllest immigrationTherefore, acknowledgiag our depcadeuoe oo Al- mighty G«d, aad deeply sensibleshould let kiioel andor they will physi:ianI have,Act»,chap.xxU.,v- 28, But I was free-born."ed the Mosaic law as the bypeogte others had aad were stillthe book of For he sba'l be as a tree plar ted by the waters, and that spreadeth oai 'hsr rootsEven a Judas could feel its—cro> U*t our salvatloa,—happy, tmaappy.many••his text ftom :And fling f: baeic wlth,s<-o/ji. Itbecam<* the parcfcftipe-mone> of th/^ I'ji- ti.>r's Piel.-i, the Ai-eidnnia. Sush lasiU'Jcg depreoi-ijoa ui their V.v*.(-iah, rent fin lily 10 God'rtjuit proviJcnv-e,totheactsofHim <it4-lr. ?.iionf th^t he h^d made tha halter usgloriousorhand. A nation cohercl and prasfierMd, under C><jd'sphilosophical,oftiands.pov,sr, or auihorlty, oq the i>lh-^rKa>tae law iiat tl'.i.yfkvor, by means of the love of ixmntry an<l raive, the patrlctic afl'ecLon or favjr of l^ie po'.jflt to C'h;!.- aa-stout men-uai w ept like children because theyto let toe world know tbelr distress, bat to a ministerthe r.)-.''*:,-.'* ;5t^t«v•s u one of hiimlHallon and brckin aim up, :' f po-f^e -^rnmbi-d ti'yi in.t -vi-/We saw in the h:t: -jry cf natt.«j, that their ja-,. ip-openUhmeecowaid to:preci-,ili-.a and o^f-liert us^ of t^hnsl o goj;>fl *.-ua Lie The eccaalon waa a Thaakagiviag sermon, and the the red (-raj c, impact, unpatriotloally aad unwiseiy in- »t£adar4 of their ab'd'a^ f*r(is^rity. ta." >l f »:; vi-: i ;.,i-,v't I I*enough, is,abligedM Oh-en uBder my band and seal, the day de-^DBer'i w-.r4and worK was. n-ny^jiarily. Vl,; „!i,.^-ittuougbtuaiul « ill get it from thera. I have In several in- toe Rfforrr.s'Un.text was the «th aad rth varsea of the fourth chapter flicted ih*«« Injuries upon ui>, may be the only «uf an:l order t»nd knowtoiige Boc^*..i.-y to rtsli/e anl terurs k; Bitir owa wi,:k«idu°«e aad Mif. rtlai;, trtie fn-eKiom The dn;.-i:Hg«Bi^.il ol U„i R/v-chaste, andaufj >ear efore»«id, IrEllNANDO WOOD, Mayor.o! the ualiui:'f decay aai ol theu'vhk.ns UiMthi..-*. Is.!1 have notfrom War had Postionoe. ani ajoy g.ii.ir»; ^>r.-,^ Bit.- ifld V •:-.<init li.vi be-^n drawn Int^ the vor- at the drtig-store. I a?a In debt on my house, as you \^,-b tVe more brilliant elemento Imported firomcomment. Its muicc haim;r<:s,whU„s„ch prayer, as 1: recomawndiunsubmissive to oppression,f,ri was recarded by tne preacher as, under !^i;-al power bencato the EnpUsh cIvlllraUoo,fte Psalm which oaasUtated the tox'. seemed to have 8««ic-ee in our pre ,er.t ci,rnnv,tances occasion U nee t'f Famuie, In thr pioiupt :^d hi.rtxliesi t^ecu.order out ofngiaeers sometime? hneamre Inaccewlhle o>ij<<'i8of the shadowswe mea--nevolence .though men mock maybringeonfu«i,rAi.j~|.oth had fii11.><l io to ChrlitV blewed friitnr fc ., f" ii.^f ,*ol'trrx-yv W..Iyou es ?.;iglory and of tte hlgheit bracingifails lilm thanks even for grtefs. aal !t mi^btsend "'The'fi^"l^ndedivoed.^: a p--u;4p. wGV1. -t- 1^1.1 ht^l t>i--iu oouiv^adpettiness.should he aay superior t Khu V. lu ualie-i on tJ-.cJeremiah,chap.ivil..t.8roUi.tx}m6L. "Th;* w,\X-u^i"i, t:.j.,tni fdcd with too of and then rie« ti.e h--art spirit God,toe period of Uie NormanconquesthaU uherant ca'ise ol tha-nVsfiv.ng In the fr-uiituiB-,ss' ,f •! i.fr.'>mriiltivaUon. but sturdymStetea, God can overrule even ihut for g,»l I1<? w-Tl -rlliftoo. Both the 8o<ith aad the North liad erTt.-i to or J ty a Lieh we laust ha&g -jvgetiier.uli I hear from have Rome- yon, hut I hope youour relations to this retwwBeawould nto cry out. Who will prophecy If there Is to be a ^-nar^atH o" u,t V.ri .m were cftea sea^ms of peril a«1 of meaa,<.l Irof toe Lonf. and that to th-- C.->p<'it-jtion wiKler wtilch we live,themthlng tocre to spare to toose poor cre»ture«. Some oftoem are Germans, otoers are Americans. If any go Bibles, and political freedom. Mid also of eoMMttcast Ifand rail at it. forwardand ofOifsefamlUeshaveUvcdoncrackedcomandwater,thepreeentdlsrosrse, ke especially invited attca- tir* the evil of S)aver> by Ut« shadow 1; If now ca- 1. d>i.,^- igi,,g Hiai. To Ufat Hi- Gospe:, as ctlefij afld at. ,:, '^>.-ii OTBtiJ" ti.i£li*.>Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069bylengththeyUntitled DocumentIT ...n ''rongV.iuf cigihvemor, an ui,),rc.prlatc jdnceThey are honest, fragtti. Indtirtrioos and tempe-be- development1 1-ffrtta-v; K^'rking.,,n<.t-^i -^liir-v power, keepin/5 Uie peare..SoowIt (oraa iT.errcwasLl•.Jh/i*d, .:(El ,'e*tary, call l»U-onventl-m atwroughtthousand year*.1 intf.(^I—::eit places in Ihe City. At that tijoke the aaattar oaau her boaband had coasamptkn spent two years wKhk)tkaaiaetora,anddeelsralaaiauiIdsaaoi asanoatks»<k»rwhiohcaaritea^ttopoitCh>iT*m^LaadpracJaTlwAaataa.«««dlneasoftourrackieeaaad wasthetefuge.AUelseofearthmightbeswept befullybroughtbaforethepeople,aadhehadno himfallofhope.Fontmonthsagehisdiaeaeeredoubt that toe City of New-York would respond itobly turned, and to three short weeks trtamphed. Iliey was to ihe call for aid. laid him away under toe dry prairie sod—but mit more tkal it wlU be deae. On the 4tk day af March next. thought, but not for trembling nor cowardice. You iatloa of the Unton—net knowing that war is always yet away, and the ark tn which the Church was His suggestion met wito favor, and Deacon Faib- withered than the hopes and hearts of tbe koasehoki.If dving, tbe President elected by the people will be ery, who will show us any good in the present coa-tpMtj and safely IntugtiTated In the City of Wash- dition of things t There is cau^e for ihankfuLiesslulaa ; the Ckiaf Justice will adialnlstar the oath ef even in the troubled condition of the political horizon. if we indulge a prou<l and arrogant spirit we may the riijl.teout, and the Churth was never safer than ber. It was subr-equentJy decided that the gentlemen ings of my neighbors, I feel weak as a child. I longolfce;the new Presitlent wUi ralemniy swear that There has been a brave and honest uuerance ofto help them, and can only do so by teklng your gifts te them."**anta vrill faithfully execute tbe o£ce of Preaideat opinion, outspeaking *'ef theLet this coiiviotioa be smoth-conviction of a people,—From Urs. Pomeroy AtcJiison, Xov. 15.'or pestilencehave diauBioB and war. The South may bring iu•( Ike United States, and will, to the best of his abil- and who w ould sa/tks United States." No sane man doubts that be will Had this been done we might. Indeed, say Uitre Is .^Ei! :s not God the voice cf Hli to tl.reat'ii Ihv diiniulioL of the Union 01 Uiese SlatesCuba may bring Itity preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of ered ; bury it deep for tbe sake of temporary quieU" for it l6 in truth ine iijttc-up heart whicii brings tt • lit a.;it(dirhsi'f the same nature as tho^e whiuh aow:itioh t^e?nd had broken ui twain othrr churches loathe land— — ill the nddst 01 these agitatlouB God hart preserved :il 8 Ci.urch in undistjrted trariquiil'y. A fieice effortGod's greatest curse, worse, far worse, than famineup "'I Le vtry destruction o, the wicked wi^s toe safety of tee for such purpose, writh power to add to their num- imd body, said to me to-day. Whenwhin Jiejuigmtatsof the Lord were abroad la the tons selected should meet on Saturday evening next iiiiiii. Aji'j here he would notice as a slight iilusL-a- attoellou>e of Deacon Faibba»£3, No. ^17 Westandthatsecesidonia nmtion&li-uu—and ,I seetkesitflisr-anythlDg may be tlie occnsion ,of their o«in deuombalioii. DuringFourtijenth-strfet. f jr consultetion.A colle, tion. a-moiintingto about SIOS was taken up. • ' ' " One of the (Committee left his family— The fcUowuig arc among toe letters which Mr. Hy- fourtnnurr.ber—with only half a bushel of meal loInst until Ids return, and says he knew of some fami- lieswhohadnothingbutturnipsseveraldays. Two ox-teams from Bourbon also started wito aad^otLers." Hot win-is from the tropics rush in tJ fill earb in this extremity endeavor to meet the other in Iry, Iftr he oiserves the ulle. I CHuriot, iii'ti-ttd I'l- >i* '•: ihist ir". 11'.'- body (if ilit Old .School I', e»uyt»jriaiis wpel.s ago has already actuaJly conxe^ and has pas.^ed we nearly loaded (had not enoiii^h for full loadslis vactium, and meetiug couiiter currents, whirl ai;J afiatcrnnl pplriu We know not what ii to came, Utve thLt ine uiKjonty of th*- people lu oor St*iita^rD not or*-taay be tossed about ; here and there, a public crib newspapers, statesmen and poliucians. But if the to ipeuk aijd to a'Jvoeate such a di»h(>nurable course ; Prtsuyl- lis; -. v^ouUl be joiied to the ix'-t.Bay be blonn over, to the consternation of the occu- workt conies to the worst, let ttjt our doorpost ^ be luid 1 aiu also ^uiinedthiit we ut the Nona huve those No ouiibt U.I V l.'ui U' cd of tte con;*olajon8 of thepaats of its stalls here and there a Iken-roost may be sprinkled with fraternal blLKxi. And in no eztrtm'ty who call talk so cn.ialy, aud so exultlngty even, of t* i.t. 'iiit-re -A.'..- a daik c.oud over tiii; land. The itistarbed. aad the cackling of its inmates, and the fly- let us wholly despair. The severebt trials are to brimj such an event. Yes, bfeihien,we bare caase, g:eat chlamltles ajiticiipa'.ed hy huu In his hft Tiiiniisgiviagluany a thres<lold, and sits to-day on many a once for them) three teams from Allen and Wood- hi-idthful cheek glim and wan -as a pilgrim to de.lth. son r.'ui:tlc8 with potatoes. Potetoes are too I'o-day, like Saturday, (oj^ 1 wrote you) has Unmi full bulky and unsubstnntlal for carriage thus far. are will regalh her equilibrium. The oli dry leaves For inforrrmtiuu on this htrad people rightly turn to 1 am staiUeu by the tact that they wl!! ailcw luen tha^ tlcn of Ihe UiiioTi he Uo^od that sLiil tJie h«ids of th-a of toiiihing incidents. Mr. Jous Rodxbts, from Chel- but we had notidcg else for there, and even theseli'W iirul 1:>ar with the oust and noise ot a kurricHne. But like nor will 1 attempt to foretell. A clergyman Is out of Sates i:au be so infatuated ai.o unpHtrlotio a^ to de- aik. thy- whi't oihtr rb inihi'.^- were diviaod they had ae kurricane, thLtr force will soon be spent, aad Na- his sphere when he takes to poUtical propQecying. sire a sf'paralluij licai this Gu-l-lavu;ed Ke^b.ic , bat s:n i; frill to i-^e Nst. If th-.rcwere to be a dHi u,'---sea, Ilutli-r Co., made 1.18 weary way here MO miles. are nearly Rone. I have been telling toiwe that Uve Fearing he should not getanytoincr (ooniing so early) within f>0 or 60 miles of bere, that toey must tmrrow hi ruiiil hie stick before leaving Borne for $40. To- of ore nnoihi'r as long as they con, and let theee dle- day he spent bis $40 fur clothtog, mediclues and gro- tunt ones be first supplied—was not that right f The ceries, and I Ullcd the balance of his load and now Committee-man fj-om Greenwood Ckiunty, who can- his cheerful face is turned,—to the place of all olhtre vassed this tovi'i:;hip. says, " The people bear toeirthi' bei4—his home, lie sjiaklrig hand cordially said de titutlon vvoiic'i rfullystand the est without rocking, and the air of thy bocJmg« mar our thanka lo-'iay ; r.ilher let us c;i5f tmr C'liin'Lt,! in i.i.r lext. to waik liumDiy oef.rp G:>!', lii,!, iLc ic:.d l:i.d beic sown with iJrarj^a's teeth, "God bless you and tho3e who help yo-i remera^r He htis seldom heard any complaint. (Ill says toatfeathers, will add to the ikeise and confusion of out the finiiit gold. Our institutions are not a failure, cause, lor thaaklulnoss t« Alio'ghty God ui'.s day — ^irnioE had cii-ie nearer to us. 'i hc) were u" yetgIke hour<*B, deep-set in the granite rights of men, wll! with- s'cptowardJi permanent p«iace. We;but thegrand pillarsof our natio.ial free- and this turnioll which agitates them may be but a more cause than a' nny former period. Hut we Lave us. Gcc'.-: han^ inU;ht yet arrest t^itm. There upon—s.) chcfrftilly aad patieirtly."will u-it let fore- also cautc for huudilalion, and for taKmg tlic wir tiiir v*as ^.iu--*f<-; tj.;iidisi:ivii g in thla. But aevcrtoe-tesQf "Capital will be mercifully purified by the agitation. eyes about us and eec how much we h-ive to be Uk kiLg 10 Idm to (Reserve oar bei-'veJ (ar-J fr.jin t^e and cut fur Ills kindness, it would now be toe iH'i'or." I shall be home in ten diiya with my " it i.sowing, to part, to their having been aecostoraed so happy as lie appeared to to sulTer and endure in Kansas." Oppr salons and , Haas, *' Whoever wishes to see an eoabiem of politi- which lowers a cloud, but that very cloud may be the adOii;g. ttia'. 1 cvnsidfT the wa'Dia^ of tne text, its now iu tiiis coiiJiiii.'n ; cx>nfidence was destroyed, lie-2,R0 pounds to haul, two slow yc^e of oxen, and disappointment have all along met toem oa every cal anions and esmliies, stioiiU walk when the sua galde nbich i» to lead us forth Into a way ef p'ca"- peculiarly addres.-td tons, for I atcribe the state of tke rich were embarrassed, the poor aulTered, a ten days' trip before him ! I noticed the man's haiid. They had set their hearts upon our arlmtarton, cio'Jang was reduced to mere rags. Like Joseph's and the Homestead bill last Spring. Their defeat fell it hod ' ' many colors," but unlike Joseph's it hod on them with toe lightoing's power. It smote down many teams. SliU he was nncoinplainlng, and when many who con never rise again, and thousands who lootled up Ncomed even deli;?hted. He assured me a.-e yet eUggcring under It, still hope to recover fromtoat he should return within '20 days, or send an It. But ah ! It Is only a delusive hope to muiy.- keiere were so quiet and distinct, cross and iatermia- ti)e present hour, will bring a br^hter thanksgiving, i.or felt for tiiera af; brethren of tJie s.Voie family, but shaded with ai^prehen-loB, aud that tiiey were per- order, as he is Chairman of a Cotoinittee who have a One of the other teams from BourDon C^oaaty havegle confusedly, it beeais impoaelhle they should everin this conviction let us say:"a/Oh, Lord, thou hist ill our j-ride and our prosperity bat e plum»d mirselve^ l>iaxe.:w.ih the unsolved proolem. It must not be ti-act of country prabracing nsarly half county.' arrived. Their Ckiimty Is tooroughly orgaalxed.:altty and freedom He who is moving for the deliv- PsalTB, 1st ven'e *' I will bless the Lord at ail times,;erance of all peoples froia the oppressor, will not His praise shall conlinual'.y be ia my mouth."Wh«n h** st^rve^'C-i the irj-iiieiiiy of rneuict4l, !is unparnileied hJjt'-ry.lts Iu^...u-~ -ii^; pr-, jjri'ts, its relations to o'her naQousabandon us to anarchy and civil war, will not suffer the •verthjow of our aattonal liberty. If we are but I'aitiil'aiThis Psalm wasfull tide of prosperity, but wh.;n fleeing for his lifeand atwo > ears hc seeiued a w elU u pri>5perous happy aci ras, and by Christmas he'll weigh acM fta." Shedaygilt of aalional tndepeuience aitd selfoneapprehended,cause the wrath ef man to praise aad make it the Tbanksgiviag of our children,theynearlyBrooklyntoe accustomed attendgatsIke oppressor:her, torough toe hour filled supplied byHimas it Is oursalvH, aad their Qoranar procaads from the addstof Ihem."The ailusioe of theChrist's blood-money .paid lo J 'Idas ,at the rate estn 5.. ih—uponyet.!wltli comforts, when Springput gladaessin our hearts mere th^nin tke time when upr.n o-jr euperlerily. Butwestiould ajl indulge in that lie He knew what lie as-ertcovrcged him to do so.. But worse than all eame a They will have toree d^p^ts In toe County, and no-renaite: yet, the moment the wind subeides,deve-taU Into each other as closely as before." The their com and their wine increased."wiad will go down, aad all things remain. Have•ah*ii<r—the patieace of bime. Have /irmness—the REV. THOS. S. HASTINGS' DISCOURSE. our prosperity, we akould lo.jk .«^till to hire, it^l oir ihtii the disruption of tlie Unien was about to come— fromwioow lady—Mrs. Jouirsea- all toe way Pardae, thing will be given out save on order of the CountytheyCtmnesE of faith. Have cenyt^oi^;—the ooofidenoe of IBS prayer. Have Te2umce uptn rlf\t, upon principle, up-—CBI8I8 HATOB WOOD'S PBOOLAMATION COB-tht.i:[;Lt exaggerated.ret:nmination. iloUi North and South need 10 rep4*at. srrtfd. There s.ere patriotic and Christian appre- Our duty is plain. Looking 10 God as the aathor of beiisiouA la b: avfc and nobLe hearts arising from a teardependence on him, entreat bis forgiveness for our upon us. Noue but the blind could fail to see thatto see what could be done for her and her^. Mrs. Committee.Jcnusos'B story can be soon told. Eleven years ago 1 wanted to tell you of cases that came to nsy notioe she married an excellent man to New-Kngland, and this week, but must stop to o.-der to send this letter bythi, mall.A woman, Mrs. ELiyoa DxMitvo. and hereon, fromAilr-n County, hire^ a team to bring toem here. The hn.-u.ind canie part way. and went to Kansas Cky te SI » If be could get any employment She said "sheon pairloiism, upon God. I rely upon the patrtotism, the integrity, the religion of the ttouth as wall as the Nerth. He who has just led Italy through the sea of tie and blood to the promised Liaeritaoce of uation-8IDEKKD.bj< iiwa.i Kt. dei-^er. He hinufcif had come slowly loiul- be-brotherly kludnass. and to preserve us, evon as h*; tas At the West Presbyterian Chtirch, on Carmine- lormcd its us a nati«>ii and blessed u^ hitherto.street, Rev. Tiros. S. HxsTiBias preached from tlie 3iihii«f. He w.is ofa hopeful nature. It wanwel, LXih..>),e;coiisiunpUve—u.l(i hc must die.He wasdeter:ainoiI to make pne eamcit eflort toprobably" -And tJ,e a g'W.llyuLd yet how like the IMeiadee, sheddingwhen in thenotBatien. Let as bleas Him to for the consecrateil from Saul, imd a stranger In tne land of the Philia- Paotial Church, via.i by tU'^ ^a«tor. to*i llev. Win.:a.w ^ui-e-J I'll., o'ji.- to star of our gioriojs coi.steilalian,mac. Ho for his claim, feno*<J fortyacres, builtwiltten by David,'God spoodfaer chickens and sorghum-seed, andthem to Leavenworth and sold toe cliickens Ibr $1 20 V doxen. She could have had more here. She bronght also a few walnuts, which sold for UtUe atoreas htimble ourselves before ILm for our at>use of that a and not u peeangift by pride and luxury, aud the oppras«ioa of ihe pected pluiatfoer; Let us supp icatf lli^ blr^^i-.g up-)n our coun- psalm of joyful thanksgiving to tbe Lord, who •'ho'^nl price that I was prised at ol them. .\ad I t<>:>k the to C:f- i-o'xht. thnt there were uii-n amongLord si-.idtry, qur whole ceuatry, our United States. May He him, and saved hiia oat of ail his troubles." Tbe lld.'ty pieces of slifer, andto herself hpr five chil Iren (under eleven— with County. Theybroughtwho made these States free and Independent, and wka has made them one In tltelr free<iom and their destiny, guard*, preserve, perpetuate their Unioa for freedom, for justice, for kamanityi scatter the coua- aalff of bloody and disoeitful man;- break the rod ofto-day,REV. DR. CHAPIN'S SISCOUSSB. cAusxa roR tuAMxrvuiMBa.Aa ermftr seat is alvrays a rarity in Dr. CaiMn'sAarc),. and keautv of theHi. r U''ot) u--. Vet they knew thai tb';- was so. Ttry 'h.Ji hCLid toe ii;-tim.:d pl.rasos aadli. o-ij Id.tory. They know how the si.l.i; of thoh-- meo. when It sot Ihe power, tent out and knife of theof l»ndgotnothtog. She "worked as long as she liberal supply for the whole township.;doctrine underlying the text is, that at all times, and in all places, we have cause for thaokjbgiving. There can be no clrcumslancee so adverse, or so Interhlend-i>: a --ii-.-.le -^y"'. l;ied with sorrow, but that abundant cause for gratitude.The Mayor of thisitself;I'Lo dis- of Christ, tending to stver the b,)ac8 of ji*-oil lou. numoslis iiiilHJiil'-sty lui^bt, >,l!u the torchbut here we have abe Li-i, turned v^ita sailness c.^^i>\ then, to the potter Uf i«w.y to tl-'t u cm ail out, anl bring dia-to patherMadison a few nute for salefilial heart can see has seen fit to ad,Ire«s to us:was at an earlyeverykind to her but said, teen very ;"werePilgrim Church tonutionul sins, auu pray to him to pour oiit th'f -^pjr.t ofiLcre was danger ut this. None but tbe lasane mad-who l.m: ail litis upon us could say there broughtun'jl his health failed lived comfortablyhappily.REV. W. R. WILLIAMS' DISCOURSE. THK DIKrArAQl^HEKT OF CDEIST. TSSDihi; TO Sf.V ER IBE nOMDS Of NATI'J.'^AL BliOIH-JlHOtlDut It V. as v-e.1 at umee to lear and to fjus, me ,lau.r,irproliinihi.-, life,and Ka'Jienu.n up his in:"ant tJjlMreii,Themment. tines. It was written ia the cave of AJul- R. WiLLUve. Kis text was furniibe-l by the t^o sut r.» -i.w I.o" t'lCli was ahsilute luiil porfeci in Itswashimself his old diseasesIn IhegaveLet lis bleos Him far the union of th>>se i^tat-^. Let lam, and, under the clrcumatani^cs, we might have ex- verse* ia the prophe^:y of ZocJia;iaht* Him aj^d his eternal truth. Gud liwith thisThaiii,sgiviu'^ LlMXHirse,Ainl*y--»troet-.vhen hiseyeunto ine, east U unto tjie p,>tler-— years of ago four girls aud one boy) ahnedr atchrems about $10 worth. I could only give toe two teams 24 meet Life's etruggleLolonr. She rented fivrty sacks t>otatoes aod (wo partly worn coats—not a vBryir. the l:ouc of the Lofd. Tli'-n I cat afii.ijt'r rai^i..'';ficd work toother stall, even baud;,,The title and burden of Uie termou waspar jgenien:do,"that 1erhood between Judah and larael." tJ. xibrotherhood.":cwiispl.t-rr, i-Ai Ti u;f; ;e-^i»widow, w ho vislied me was toca called apoa to-oay,With them was a Mr. Isaac Wait and wife fwmodxiit b:»,v.^ t^e br.^*hkn,jw h'lw hai ihc»>EEV. DR. R. S. STORRS' DISCOURSE.,vs. 13. 14 ] "l.s.' itii. (— '- .h,?;A rj« a. TJivyiLsu'iU-c G-id.d.^ilBd the pa.-t. and «.l(rh'.ed ths mostrest beside their futhcr in me grave.neighborsTHE FB0CSK38 Or ElfGLISB LIBBtTT.yva; jvu; l-vo- e<field sad garden, ',tLh.4rd. wrc-t i»iid mi.,,-, lj tli- pr'>^ v>v' let HI " OS we waat it to,"rerlt/ cf our art; ki,1 ccamcrc*. In .,'j. e.^^;»-y.-; ,n l.i.-. = : h..u -t-i .Normans had been gradn- been attered by the Pialmlst, not so much for the orly for gloom and fesr. I caiin-.t .^mpathlze wi'J, of a Presldint amid wir £.n>j eiri>'o;s.it cf -p».:tu i- y j;. , - , ,, whc »-.iu!.! n I- go with the tide, and re- I have paid, (»800,) I have no doubt U^' il^Tinterinlngled, but by which toese had beenmoold-4alckenini; uf his own faith as for the assurance oftH-.n „,, „ean., ofien ofeause of f.i Gis:'- ti.inkn'/t.LQjrs, 1t-, e- Uf'i. UI* '.-'scorx. to who lo Some for something for th-eairlubbodatbera. Th>Te la no resMa toown great heart sunk when leelng before his ene- mies, but tho«e who had accompanied him throughcv/,. iI'H Jolyofiillpat.do'.stocllngfr.m Ute theme wosene of to God for aU toe blesstngede-supposeetronsri-p^opl,-. What i, bcf,Tc .w he seen lor strife aad conflict. A nation'^ er:i.s .>f mok. <--,,"-re theprin- dren eat. four or five families haveIhoee Thew cri,i-,< hnvethat David's briagiag out some otthe brightest «„feeling. We hadn^iriluai Bkercies abroad aad at home. W>1. J tt' iivd ih«i s'ay boards of the aged, had that is nothing to the o' n^v nelirhbors, pa • come to me to tears salfertas chil-that so toe n. agltatodMe MU of the tendencies, oenlm andeleTatlBg, rate pcoi'le. God will bless you for this work df which have already so steadily and so trtoaphaDuy.-...was njflcant first i.ve verses of tlie 4dth Psalmol a United Republic'kyr duty anu slandis.g by God and the rightmust be doneouryon winIhcugh4. There is a river, the streams whereof shall makeeyes to behol 1 tbe sun.>His power and gtory,aBi CO fire was burning. Tlirow a Uve ooalwaystreii(:th.stronghold,complied,havingr>iad one orMr. C. W. SxBvog came to me to-day^!took all he had on earth a-i ! plantoJ himself to Kaii- L'etrirmiacd to father pig. -so she and her chihlrea1,U I. t.'.c iiv- '.sBb. His health st-emed td and for more toan wrnt lato toe timber and hoshels ef.he l.-ii..^ . .'V L,-;ic,- iniri.'i -;:;improve, gatoered fiftyat 'd'-ir.pai a del,—mom 111 be here to-morrow, ai I have received the bills ofoura fortress for our defence,then how among they would blaze;a sun- because cor sacred Came was liable to smoulder and become ex- tinguished that we must watob it anxiously and blowsurprises every one. "There mmmmties, as thethe beams of the sun wtiich had enkindled them.In accordancewith an announceokent thatlearnthrough theaid from abroad.filled the soulbutUr.haipwas not hung on the wlUows. The right arm his friends. Rev. Ur. Dzmton, of Fort Riley, and my circuit) areIHatt stated that there were present with klm in tbe MetoodistLet us learn to-day to realize more perfectly the had not lost its cunning. He hoped they had learned Judge Watilib, of Lynn County, the neighbor of raised nothing, and have nothing to fall back opea,thy me,"yetthey couhi add with him, " Vet the Lord will command bia loving kindness in the day time, and in the nightsick, and he should, therefore, call upon Mr. Dbkisonof Ibe worm.There are daily callers at ouraeeomtprayer Pfaillipian prison, afflictions,trials.sung thoughdoubted,contemplating the fact, that he lived in atime oi fearful calamity waa suppi>sedthere werea fewvery persons.Theandfarmers of Illtoois had con-expendedthe roarli g and troubled waters, the mountains car-tributedwithstanding their bounty. Gen. Pohcxot had to payfrom $]ug to $5U(I a day for freightage upon the pro- Our reports come in In the same AU— ried Into the tea—a suggestion of terrible calamitiesgenerouslynobly,yet;but, not-They cost, loo know,a of society, the violent passions of Hunoa selected as|h.8 text DeuU, Vllltk men let loose, the foundations of existing inslituttoK swept away, a wild panic, a prevailing want of con- fireuce. clashing colMaioos of rival iuterests. HowthemUsi^ From Gen. Pomeroy, dated Atchison, San. 10, IfitO,chapterbless Ihe Lord thy God f.r ibe good laud whichnot t'le Lord command iCK'e Ibis U4 vscti c.-^of calninity, that tliey had visited distant na- —orgaDlxatloB nearly on Thank^vlng every Southern county. 1 let none go home aa yet starving eountrrmen. His without sometolng of a load. J. W. Bxowir, of Aabura* Excellency tiirew himself back in his chair, has been very active and earnest to look after aU the;And in such timea was there any hiding-up greea slope.", there its awlul precipices, Its roaring i:ata-so I amto forget toat wise men the potatoes a most splendid article, sent me Irom when told even that the KnoxvUle, IU. I cave sect to-day, over 300 'iiflhtlinot beI'hc text presented Hun in the phase of abldlog-placep«loQi^s, tous far, came from my friends to Galeaimr^ and requested him to read toe letters he had al- and Knoxville. while other places are maktog a floor-;allI have sent l.'&Osacks to Illtooiscommented theworthlessyousboS? uhowever, ""*Importence ofIMS. But there was much for which chasnhgoiunlgd befor hisof Psalm xvl.— The lines have falleato reikler thaaksbleadngs. How coM a itage." Having reviewed the present stote of the gun! It was like a cheerless naiton la Itsconi to me, and I am left toyea, commercial, rellglotis,he wasof the encouraged;oneUr. Tbabciui Htatt, who had receaUy been travel-some details of tbethat we are« -> 'visionssoobtained. Poradvanced $1,800 himself, only $1,100 of which bad been refunded. A few days since he had sent a special messenger to Gov. Mobiuit, asking him to issue aChurches to teke a collectionDaystyle.this pi.rpose he said he hadswr^.Lome was Ufied by God In safety atK've the waters. BASxs, Drs. Haxt and Ball were appointed a Commit- A Mr. Y Also, of Osage County, a strongman iaatodhitloryvsr t'tx-n stru,;k agalL.:t the Union,of vrncB came sayia,: o\. .' iv3,-L he thoiij^iit of Its greatoess,paidahouse. dug a well and surroundiagbroughtupon each other, all were made partsHod the mau been themirk h.asiilM 11 y ? purestofnot toat aloue L..^\ \*^:\* ii uuUi lhe> had bM-^ma used to it.were simiiic facU.Udiigi TheysawtheLetterofDr. R«*uuu«t. .•people rapldlyteaoed ofIheGermanletribMtothey Ar.d 1.0W. brelhren aad friends, what should weI iii-:l .c^wa>-b lyj-o^jh*.the early Wiciuri' andwas reap whirlwu-u. Wliat, ill toe present crisis was thethree or fourOigUah England, of eourse onlio.--il rtiid jK.'staal t.uilL Theytheir hearte.g;i en, fiend PoHiEor, till I caa nive no more. I Lr.ve divided my sack of floor (bought for my famity).1 ».' ,1 ii».-I'lance by Jd aSconquering,law .lad; co7.!.t.;.".»'nal jj-nlce,regardlessof andtiggddup a team. I tell toem I dare notferventthankfulness seen ling on us tiiroughonfil.i-'.e. cot the madmeo thaam toapplytoyouforthoMpoor,distressedfaraliieswho must starve unless something is done. A very few farmers bere have cora, but Bothiag short of $1 M pervisions ofm ,,; tl^pL'niun, t .1 ta«! moc who couji reason, tolas"i i-UbroT to lBeul''j»fe a rArit of TU-> af.'.aVivv'te^ioe tfu'-ordu-t-Uoa to the l.iu^ and ao'Ji*»ritr ofwU-'i vto efle^^l a d'.,..^^iJUProtestant movement under the LoLLxans, who preoededpious,and masculine, tenacloos ofjaw wito[;h« that those tell who say uiat "therei.s:poUUcaiit comeshave money to pay for fiaMidi mA.'all1 W. ROBINSON.text_Diab Hvahfor there will be nono destitu- to keep Ihe ti anis, and Ihey couW neitler beg or boy tion lii Ksnras." Kv'u Leuvt-iiworth and Luwrenoe the corn and hay lo feed on the route. Could not Mi«and7 hi oe years ago his physlciuns pron^unoed Idnikepthewaa laid awayiu the long steep of the tomb. His then toe cost of ferriage.last returned, and quicker toan anyIoand at sold she lost, to-day,Theand th"e church of widrh she was a member, had, she Theccaldrr-msr Uavtbi'porherselfandherlUtlconesmintsoonas destitute as herself. Ikindness ul our Galesburgh friends, wito a few beans, meal and flour, to ail not over $5 worth, aad she seemed satisfied that she could go through toe wint^.the ministrationsofRev.Dr.Stobxs anaudiencedistta- gulahod. even in toe City of Churches and ehareh-go- refineaient ood ealtare.I thought how littleand how muchwmail. Ourare dolne well, and the inachtoery begins yearIntelligence, gentleman tookknows I !nri,ie!Hy. long yearnw->ne for the tme 'I* ir.urh the that$4,000 for it, but durfngthe and have booked aboutlifeOodth.-i-ftt oA uieir-balisf to the Blblu. Tbe Kru>w, but toat I con lose and shall lose whittheeiBltS-made more Uberal aad praoUcal, andt<i Gtn.Pomeroy, r Ji, ytw. 17, 196(1.datedUmnXotWe have no Cloramlt- tee in Rilev County except a kind of self-ootstttutedThe discourse was devoted toa development,Gen. PoiniaoT- My d'or »irall received enough to pay my billsMntell more 'adopted puts every bnshel Into ana not one ounce Is detained LrlTEXS furircidentalexpenses. Themenwhohaalthemedby the ri crand shall not die wivn toe beat eemecb,„... ,AwatsoB,: butherleafshallbepayanpport them,aadthehat-two, to Illinois. waypeopleof Illinoishave iirodu9e aad wmta toat certain reports have been circulated »ttThey toknowifanythingcan bedoneto themla helpEastern States would notof one thousand men, women and children are bleach- tributcd by our friends ia Illinois. Th»y are to deadGen.1 have got a notice to-day of two morePomeroy. doited Oct, 31. cmr-loods eoa-and. wito an overfiowing heart, 1 Mill hardlyagain,—todo, to the Committee at Superior, ColTee (Scanty,'o.Saxon element in progress ^.onrAmert«nbe imi www.fultonhistory.com 