 of lin- i*•n- aHi-ofaa to-ofj e h oban tadisKt is i* Si-r- rer. M-w h. Ml nt or [r. to ite icd hatHe, lity •Do- ner laa ,h*hat,BtOipo- loldt of will. hinkanythatit he•> .fe inhoa- JBTOT, •©he •he only icryoond of a Batitie aisi* oned herelina, and efor castae in u heam- >ru*, varaend ' B ro-ft the JCorivention as follows: j««I cav confidently assert that the majority of the Xepablicaaa are with me, at least as far as Philadel- phia is concerned, in the opinion that the time fixed for the holding of our Convention should be changed; the13th of^June is too late. Let the other Republican journals follow the example*of T H E TRIBUNK, and speak out boldly upon this subject. Let them demandMr. BIGLER had no desire to do the Senator in- justice. He had alluded more particularly to the gen-" eentatives shall choose their Speaker and other " officers."- The manner of choice was, as a matter of course, left entirely to the discretion of the House.ft* IP-it ofof tht<-*£Qed. H e drew largely on the future, bnt it has MAGWBTIC TELEGRAPH, such a shape as to make it convincing; Such a propo- jestly assailed; their motives, their principles, and services faithfully performed under the pligtyed faith 'Ta^J&tttfioitiad ***&&* herehymc^Woifer*dition of the contract that $20,000 should be paid to brought to a dead lock. They were so national,sound,would do likewise. H e suggested that the resolution of Mr. Hutchins be withdrawn, and that the House do now proceed to vote for a Speaker.Mr. WASHBURN (Rep., Me.) asked whether M r. Reagan and his friends would consent, after such a vote, that the resolution be renewed.Mr.REAGANhadnoauthoritytospeakforthem.Mr. BRANCH (Dem., N. C.) moved that the House proceed to vote for Speaker.'Mr.ELLIOTT(Rep.,Mass.)objected.81:1Juties of ship-owners. Referred.Mr. CAMERON (Rep., Pa.) introduced a bill for therelief of the widow" of Gen. Persifer F . Smith. Mr.MASON(Dem.,Va.)introducedamemorialof the Alexandria and Washington Railroad Company, for leave to bring their road across the Long BridgeThough it is said that the rest of the Administration did not know of it then, yet he thought' it was implied/few decisive words, but took no notice of Mr. Mc- Clernand whatever.bore an excellent character for integrity. He had re- ceiving the highest number of votes on a given ballot Mr. WINSLOW raised a point of order.fused extra pay from the Pennsylvania Legislature shall be Speaker, that was the action of the majority Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., A la.) contendedafter the Mexican war, and expressed to President electing a Speaker in that way. They had prece- resolution was not before the-'House, not having been'man had resigned. man. The Speaker was. the gentleman selected to too soon. Indeed, w e are convinced that April Clay proposed an investigation; which, after a rid- Mr. BROWN had no doubt of it. But this did not speak for the House as its mouth-piece, and he was -would be better for the meeting than May. But, at dling by Mr. Fessenden, he withdrew, and M r. i absolve Bowman, who knew that he was violating the aware of no constitutional provision requiring evenMr. WASHBURN replied that by voting on the mately on the Journal, and the plurality rule> latter he did not commit himself to any point of order. would be reached in a proper way.. He didMr. DAVIDSON wanted to know whether Mr. not care for coming here to listen to speeohee*Jfe—'»-"»* > * W '|H'«*l The selection of Chicago as the place in which tohold the Republican Convention h a s been acquiescedin; but the time.is pronounced too late by the Republi-cansandFreeDemocratsofSt.Louis,aswellasby orthreedays'resolutepersistencemight bringthe tho*e for whom THX NXW-YORX TXIBU.VE and TheHouse had no right to entertain any proposition except tracts for engraving. H e (Bigler) also bad a letter election of Speaker Cobb, and asked if that gentleman the election of a Speaker.Chicago Press and Tribune speak. W e are author-ized t o make this declaration by the Executive Com-THE MAIL CONTRACTORS.friends agree that pending questions must first be dis- posedof,andaskedMr.WashburnofMainewhether he did not, prior to Mr. Banks's election, vote for cer- tain resolutions.Imittee of the Opposition in St. Lotus.11 who waited on the President with the hope of de-There are other reasons in behalf of an earlier vising some mode of relief, but without success. day. The State election takes place in Missouri on thewas a private one, and one in which the Senate had no lution was nece?sary, and it was only to prevent any business to interfere. ,. : doubt from remaining' in the minds of gentlemen, thatMr, BROWN had read' the account of Gen. Bow- the subsequent resolution was passed.Mr. HOUSTON wanted to refresh his recollection.Mr. WASHBURN (Rep., Wis.) had no doubt that the onlybusiness in order was the election of a Speaker. Mr. BDRNETT (Ky.) wished to be informed how Mr..WashburnwoulddisposeofMr.Montgomery's resolution, declaring Mr. Corwin temporary Speaker,and the other proposition s pending ?Mr. WASHBURN replied: Amotion to proceed tofirst Monday in August, and between that date and theGEN. CASS'S RECEPTION.man himself as to the bargain. 'Mr. HALE wished to know if particular newspapers were to share in the plunder this year, and whetherrMr. BARKSDALE said the precedent must betaken altogether.Mr. WASHBURNE would see what it amounted to altogether. Mr.Clingman,Mr.JonesofTennessee, and others, held that the adoption of the plurality rule by a majority was sufficient, and the resolution offereding Mr. Hickman's charge as false.fense of the President and the Heads of Department'^.lot, or by the appointment of a Committee. . Even ad-,:•.: vSIX9 WlA fi^The plurality rule is now in the best attitude be- Pierce on a certain occasion an attempt made to bribe him while Superintendent of Printing, H e (BOwman),dents for this course from both the political parties of read by the Clerk.Mr. BARR (Dem., N. T., mterrupting) said Notrth- ern Democrats would speak for themselves when t h e proper time came. T h e gentleman could only spa a l tGen. Cass's first reception to-night was a bril-13th of June the interval is altogether too short foreffectingathoroughorganizationoftheOppositionin uliantone. Itwasattendedbythediplomaticcorps, theywouldbethesameoldonesoranewset.this State. We are also convinced that the Opposition leading men of both parties in Congress, and distin- Gen. Bowman's letter was read. 'Mr. BROWN thought that if Secretary Thompsonat large, being constituted of three or four diverse guished strangers. His is one of the few houses in knew what tbis contract of Gen. Bowman was, then by Mr. Clingman declared that by reason of the adop-though not dissimilar parties, will require a good deal of drilling to secure united action and bring out its fullStrength.| "WesuggestthatMonday,the7thofMay,besub- stituted for Wednesday, the 13th of June, as the dayfor the meeting of the Convention. Let us have a six month*' canvass this time. W e are persuaded that the longerthecontroversylasts,thegreaterthebenefits thai win accrue to the Opposition. Neither is it entire-which hospitality is not regulated by partiianship. he must have advised Bowman to violate the law, but . T H E SENATE. he did not think the Secretary did know of it. He cared n o t w h o advised Bowman. H e charged thatNearly the whole sitting of the Senate was con- Bowman had violated the law by being Superintend- sumedindiscussingMr.Bowmanand/hiscandi- entofPrintingwhilehehadaninterestinthepublic printing; but if the President and Secretaries advised dacy for Printer. M r. Brown (Miss.) produced him to continue in office, knowing the contract withtion of the plurality resolution, and the votes taken the election of a Speaker takes precedence of allP:*ly beneath consideration, that the early days of May will be a pk asanter season for traveling and sitting inThe developments proved that $-11,000 of the pub lie money had. been appropriated to sustain partyMr. BIGLER clair led that Gen. Bowman had not violated the law at a 1.Speaker, and would such appointment be a valid elec- Mr. HOUSTON said M r. Clark's resolution which tion by a majority of the House under the Constitu- was pending declared that a man who indorsed Help-anyrate,donotletitbeputofftillJune. Bowmanwaselected,receiving27outof48votes.|couldreadhiscommissions.Hemusthaveviolated amajoritychooseaSpeaker,theymightdoitinanystoryofthefarmerandlawyerandtheoxandthe oftearingthescalesfromtheeyesofthosewho> bull. (Laughter.] act with the Democracy at the North, .and that w a sMr. SICKLES (Dem., N . Y.^ said no question, of what, above all things,.he now most desired; B e order was made when Mr. Clark of Missouri offered wished Northern men to know in whose hands they bis resolution, and therefore they had aright to assume are, by what doctrines and political heresiea they arev it was properly before the House; and the only way it hereatter to be bound. H e could listen to speeches^ could be got rid of was by a motion to lay on the table because that was profitable, but he would- refuse to-tiThis result w a s foreshadowed, when the President While The Journal of Commerce, Atlas and brought his whole power on each- individual mem-Argus, Express and other organs of dough- ber of the party.the law knowingly and deliberately.Mr. DAVIS (Dem., Miss.) thought his colleague wasmode they saw fit, and he was not sure but theymight authorize the President to appoint him.Mr. CURTIS (Iowa, Rep.) thought less than a ma- jority could not elect, but a majority might appoint persons to select the Speaker, and such selection under the authority of the House would constitute an election by the majority. F o r instance, they might designatejacedness in this region receive M r . Charles O'Conor's recent arguments for Slavery with in-A POOR COMPLIMENT.Judge Breese (111.) treated the offer ofthe Mar-led away by his feelings. One would suppose thatsome flagrant act had' been committed. The haw is,that the Superintendent of Public Printing shall not beinterested in the public printing. A newspaper hadbeentransferred toBowman, to whom it wasofnoconsequence where Wendell got the money. Themoney cocld not have been made while Bowman r e -tained his place as Superintendent of Public Printing. the House. To refer the matter to the President wouldcast fruitless votes, and engage i n the ludicrous scene*. which had aireadv sufficiently amused the country..__consistentferent appreciation in the States where Slavery isknown and loved for itself, and not as a meremeans of getting into office. Thus at a recentpublic banquet in Richmond, Va., the Hon. John[RandolphTucker, Attorney-General oftheState, caster,fromValparaisoto Panama,madeforfivecon-a n dinthe course ofan animated speech in favorof preservingtheUniononthebasisofthedivinity and benefibence of the peculiar institution, paid to ourdistinguishedfellowcitizenthefollowingelo-illogicalcoldness,they finda dif-Mr. McCLERNAND (Demi, HI.) said; Mr. Hickquent tribute:"ItbaakQ+d that there inon«manattheNorth,andthat DistrictofIllinois.first duty was to choose a Speaker and Clerk, and thentaketheoathofoffice,andthatwasbylawastandingorder of the House. T o proceed to the election ofSpeaker was in order at all time, and nothing else wasin order. Any member had a right to in- thatisclaimedforthis propositionis,thatitisaccord- Mr.HICKMANaskedMr.MoClernandtogive-way-has barely covered more than half its.boundary. T h eandconnectwiththeBaltimoreandOhioRailroad.Mr. SLIDELL, (Dem.,La.) from theSelectCom- wasreadytoexpelhim.Cries from the, Republican aide—Try itj, we resisttheselot*willbebuiltonorimproved,andifBrooklyn and iu irabarbs are in rhe mean time consolidated withthis eity, New-York will equal in area and population any city in the world. The following statement showsthenumberofimproved,andunimprovedorvacant lots in each Ward:bisremarksonJan.3,whichrepresentedhimassay- wasreadytoinvestigateallthecbarges. believingso,ofcoursehewasreadytovoteforit. Branchthoughtthatavotewouldresultinelection.Mr.HICKMAN—Andldistmctiysonaderatoodyou. , He said to Mr. Pryor, and to all others who thought aa . thelatterdid,thathewouldnotdepartfromhissense*Wmrd*. lsayr<y**»L1*» • »- • »••••#*«*••#•• *• «/,'•>-/ J»J» * » • • r «•• • • • • • • • • » » • * • 1,-- I'»XX *** » • • » • # • • * • * » * • • • • • • I —'J4* I 'a******************** •»»>-'*> ¥*••**# *•»••••*••*•••• If*»J5* V4**»»»#•••»•,«*••»•••*»» §.***A VIX,ifj*••••>,*•••••»•##•» v,»*»TOUnimproved. S«1* .• 40w.TotaL 3,057 1,31*1,231. 1.U97 . 1,947 1.372.tothe Senate, %J. , Mr.BROWN said,as he didnotintendtovote,for the nominee (Mr.Bowman),he world give his reaaond. Thefirstwaspemsonaltohimself; theentireCon*tiJ.u- tionhad;ininsultinganddiscourteousterms,discussed the speech deliveredbyhimbefore theMississippi LegislaturelastFall,,withoutpermittingitsreadersto see what had been said. H e did not wwh this to con- trolthevotesofothers. Ihthesecondplace,theletterof Mr. Sneed, a prominent Opposition gentleman of Mississippi, to parties in Memphis, was published inlowing result:Wholenmnb«rofvotey For Mr. .Bowman..'.': c-••••^ • ....••:-«so they could vote against it, and their' opinions would be respected He was sorry to be compelled to announce that, in his judgment, there was a respectable, intelligent, determined m i- nority upon this floor wno do not deaire an organization. I n the expressed language of one gen- tleman(Mr.PughofAlabama),iftheycouldhave their way they would perpetuate discord here. They were buta handful ofmen,andheadmired their talent and boldness. They had proclaimed their pur- pose to resort to this us a means of disorganizing theontheDemocraticsideentertauOhe opinion that the plurality rule is a violation o / the Constitution, and they never will give their couient to it.madethedeclaration,anddesired thatitshouldstand, l, If there be doubt as to its truthfulness, let the truth be „ determined by a tribunal of more general extent than^t11 420 .VtlL.... 2,T«* 31•'.'z&a a/raeHOUSEOFREPRESENTATIVES.. WASHINGTON-,Jan.-w,low..Therebeing a Blimattendance,therewasacallof the House. , ..Mr.PRYOR—Doesthegentlemansignifythetrib*«> nal1 '" .,. ........ \ /.,nMr. HICKMAN—I understand quite well what 'fib* ofirialitisintendedtobringmeintohere.Mr. PRYOR—I can assure t h e gentleman a & ! tb»« House that 1 meant n e invitation o r menace to. a pe*- eonal combat. His vivid imagination created t>»periL (Laughter.} I merely invoked the record. • • *-'Mr. HICKMAN-Then the gentleman sheald have plainly and distinctly announced that a majority on been mere guarded. When Southern gentVataeu make-•; this floor have resolved, in effect, that no Speaker shall use oi such language, it can he understood cedyin ca*iX*# • • »••*•••#*•••#••*.• iiMjm*jim'*m*•/«<!•"•—-T*——--i,***^ Z , « * * 4 XJX**"*********-**-*-** 3.CA2*» aA I H . . . . .##•.•»*#•*•*-*-*• \fSvf*80S 34,338 13130,301 1,(09 1,337 3,706 4,734• 3,783 •,K40 13,0433,99o5,088 14,233Mr. PENNINGTON withdrew Ms resolution pro-The Constitution, while his speech was excluded. posing the adoption of the plurality. He did so, he Government, They were a class of men who believeJ k i \ .» • - 0mm+* + »****•*+*•• xv...A.V X*»« • *•»»»»••••>• a•'•••• XYJX...•#*#•##*»•••*•***-3^w9**? 1,04$329 4.491 JS,9TT1.W1lfrtt ; 10.5K9W.7SXthat the Bible was given to man, that the Declaration of Independence was adopted, and that the Constitu- tion was framed and perpetuated for the sole purpose of extending the institution of Negro Slavery, and whothe judgment of a majority of his political friends, andin accordance with hisown judgment, he had refrained \ other way in the Free States, and in some of theJKrllXm* ».*- mm*••**-•*•-»• - 4rla?i> i*A**»»-...•.*•---•»•-* * Z,Oo*>grounds,he wasnotbound to supportMr.Bowman. time,inobediencetoapolicywhichwas. a^~yed.byT « t a l54.72S141,48$curred with his political friends that such a diacuasion,,1?****t,evtThe letterof Mr. Sneed was most offensive to the Dem- ocratic- party of his State, and therefore, on partysaid, to avoid confusion. ^ *„•!.•»Mr. HUTCHINS (Rep., Ohio) said that up to thisMr. HICKMAN (A. L . Dem., Pa.) said, it is nowO,*'r!9•4i*4,065 1,869 3,190••8halshipa sn o complimentt o hisposition.the tallest and the shortest man, and that would be Constitutional [laughter], but he would not go out ofor by a direct vote. H e argued that a practicable rulemust be adopted in order to enforce the election of aSpeaker by a majority. He then explained his propo-sition, which provides that the House will proceed to man's insolence was unbearable. B y what authority the election ot a Speaker, viva voce, and if, upon the did the gentleman from Peansylvania speak as he did 1f i r s t c a l l o f t h e r o l l , n o o n e s h a l l h a v e a m a j o r i t y , , a H e w a s n o t o n e o f t h e D e m o c r a t s , a l t h o u g h h e pre—- quorum being present, then from those having the tended to be. This pretension was unfounded. H e highest numbers, the candidates not exceeding three, was not a Democrat, but a recreant, a traitor to the* . the House will proceed to make a choice by a secona Democratic party. (Applause on the Democratic vote,and,ifneitherhasamajority,thenfrom the two1.1T othe Aasociated Preia.be rather further than he was ready to go.Mr. MILES (S. C , Dem.) inquired, if the gentleman from Maine believed the majority have a right to au- thorize the President to pass such needful laws and appropriations as may be necessary for the country,given to Bowman exclusively. In this contract nothing and then adjourn and go home? wassaidoftheprintingfortheJSenate,butitwasex- -Mr.WASHBURNEratherthought not;butitwas ecutiveworkofthatcharacterwhichcanbesentout hopartofthelegislationoftheHousetoappointanW ASHINGTON, Tuesday, Jan. 17,1860. The jSavy Department has been informed that theThe purpose of the law was to prevent corruption on the part of the Superintendent. In this case it is shown that Bowman remained in office a few weekssteam eloop-of-war Wyoming has reached Rio deJa- only, and did not in that time settle any accounts con- neiro in 36 davs from Philadelphia, and that the Lan- nected with the public printing. This $20,000 was notsecutive days, with ateam alone, from nine to ten and ahalf knotsanho..,whichspeedtheflagofficercon-side.] W e disown ana repudiate him- The gentle- highestonthelisttheHousewillmake a choiceofa man from Pennsylvania imputed what was false?means b y which they can best secure, either b y direct importation or Southern manufacture, the equipments and supplies for the use of Southern railroads.The annual meeting of the American Colonizationhad nothing to do with the matter.Mr. BROWN said he objected to a man not natural-ized beiDg the editor of the organ of the Democratic party.the Clerk, acting I a s presiding officer, t o carry out that order of the' House, without debate or delay. All they could do without violation of law^and theirto" do so, and the mode by which the Senate chooses a Vice-President in the same contingency.A VOICE—" Go to the Republican side, where-youbelong." v,Mr. McCLERNAND further spoke of Mr. Hick-'A long colloquy ensued between Mr. Davis and Mr.proposetoyonthehealthofagentleman—atoutwhichitrustwe Theattendancewaslarge. Addressesweredelivered Crown,astothesoundnessOfTheConstitiUioiilaat liamentarylawwereobserved,theymightorganizeAnti-Lecomptonites be brought to choose between theRepublican and the Democratic nominees. He submit, ment in the hands of theR epublican party. He had teathathispropositionwasanalagoustotheplanpre- betrayedallpartiesandprinciples,andnowundertookscribedbytheConstitutionintheeventofthefailure toexerciseacensorshipovertheDemocrats.. Hestated his objections to Mr. Sherman, but said Mr. It was expedient and salutary, and would lead to a Sherman was infinitely preferable to Mr. Hickman*Society was held atthe Smithsonian Institute to-night. *shallalldrinkstanding—theonlymaninalltheseUnionmeet- bythe.Hon.Mr.TaylorofTennessee,Dr.Stylesof year.immediately. The|standingordertoproceedtoah election w as of course a privileged question, over- riding all others, except questions of order growing out ot that, and motions to adjourn. It was a ques- tion which ought to be put and acted upon without de- bate or delay.^ The Republicans stood before the.inn -who has really struck the true key-note of the Union—i Mr. HALE said he hoped to get some light on the moan Chart** O'Conor, r*e., of New-York, the erasp of whose Georgia, and the Rev. Dr. Penny of New-York. Thehand I hove been honored in having, whose friendship.Iam receipts of the year amount to nearly $161,000, and the subject, but bad about given up.- He therefore moved honoredbyharinf; Charles O'Conor. wo.,a truesonofthe expendituresto$80,000. TheSocietyhavesentabout toadjourn,butthemotionwasobjectedto,anditwasof the people to elect a President and Vice-President.certainresult. Hewould taketheearliestconvenient (Applause.!of the Emerald Isle— atrne Iri»hmaa-hut,by the Powers above, as true s o American as steps the -oil of this country. 1 propose to yea, sentlemen, the health of Charles O'Conor, a native of the Kmerald Isle, a aon of New-York by adoption. Let ne hail him as a son of Vbjdzda by honor. [Thia sentiment was received witn Jood applause."!"Whatever the doughface critics of M r . O'Conor may say, they can never take away from him the credit of clearly seeing and frankly stating the vital\aeation a t issue. Others may dodge and squirm, and be on both sides at once; but that can never be said oi the great lawyer of New-York.THSIatpovxnASOUsrxpxovzDPROPERTYINTHE <hrrr or Nrw-YoKX.—The City of New-York, not- withstandingtheimmensesizewhichithasattained,ralityrule"orgowithout anorganization. It didap- citycomprises141,486lots,ofwhich 54,725have been mittee, reported back the billtoprohibittheciroula- Mr.KING"(Rep.,N.Y.)wasastonished toseeany peartohim,fromtheplainreadingoftheConstitution,tion in the District o f Columbia of bills under twentybuilt upon or improved, and 86,761 still remain vacant. dollars, with the recommendation that it pass. disposition to cover up and cloak invefltfgation. that the mode of election by the plurality rule was300 immigrants to Africa during the same period.XXXVITH CONGKESS. •FIRST SESSION.withdrawn.Mr. CLAY (Dem., Ala.) said that if the electionwere pressed at this time he should not vote for Bow- man. We thought the matter should be investigated, and offered a resolution that a Committee be appointed to investigate the matter.The Clerk requested gentlemen to keep, order and not encourage applause m the galleries.Mr. PRYOR (Dem., Va.), began to reply to Mr. " Mr. REAGAN approved of the spririt of M r. Hickman, remarking that what the latter hadstatedwas what ha knew to be false. [Sensation.]-Mr. MILLSON (Dem:, Va.) caUed hb colleague to order, stating that hiscolleague could be severe With-Mr. HALE thought the resolution of inquiry should A communication was received from the. Secretary have a wider scope. There wore other charges againstisfied with their position as a party, for they knew theywerebeingstrengthenedastheyneverwere before bythislongdiscussionoftheiropponents. Buttheircon- stituents were getting tired of these Disunion speeches, and they were anxious to perform their Constitutional duties, a n d prevent t h e Government from beingSickles's resolution, but, as Mr. Clark said, therewas no practicable way of its enforcement. It ad-dressed itself to the favorable consideration of mem-bers, and if others would consent to abide by it, he out being unparliamentary. ' , , . JSENATE. ...W ASHINGTON,Jan. 17,of War.Mr. SUMNER (Rep., Mass.) introduced a bill sup-ing that the four millions of Southern shaves occupied aposition higher socially,morally,and physicallvthan ^ r " ^ e r " j ^ r e « on the face"oi the globe. What heMr. FESSENDEN (Rep., Me.) thought it too bad to He did not ask those who did not think so to vote for make Republicans listen to a family quarrel. He it; but the question was not now an openone,Mr. BRANCH said he belived not, but there was nothingliketrying. •:•''•.•^ ^ ^ w a 8 that their position was superior to that of the gameraceinanyquarteroftheglobe.thoughttbeyhadbettersettleitamongthemselves. After some further discussion, Mr. Craig's resolutionhavingbeendecidedbytheformeractionofthisHouse upon two memorable occasions, and by different par- ies seeking to control the destinies of this Union. AMr-WASHBURN (Me.) asked why the •Demo^ of propriety nor suffer himself to be diverted from hiaThe third objection was that he had heard and believed that the associate editor of The ConttUulion was an unnaturalized foreigner, and vet he undertakes to in-hold that there is such an incurable sentiment the be elected, for the only possible way to elect isby the wav. I say now, he cant try any qurotUm with a ^1860.one paper and $15,000 to another and $6,000 to an- plementarytotheactof1851,relativetotheliabili- otherwiththeknowledgeoftheAttorney-GeneraLand conservative, and so impregnable in their position, that they could afford U> wait until the organization before e'ntering upon any general discussion.Mr.HUTCHINSproceeded. Hewasnotusedto this way of putting three or four other men's speeches into his own, and hoped he would be no further inter- rupted. ThepracticalquestionbeforetheHouseand the country-was, whether they should adopt the plu-from participation in the discussion which has taken struct him in his duty. H e did not think him a proper place preliminary to an organization. n « tally con-Slave States, that the only remedy is a peaceable dis-plurality rule, which has become a precedent for such in his court. I prefer to eelect m y o \ m tribunal *person to edit the organ of the National Democracy,difficulties a s this, i n Congress. ' T h e position n o w plainly, assumed is, that though a majority of thisSee KUtMk ttMNkiWBWmPWi"ininnm iNEW-YQRK DAILY TRIBUNE, ^DNESIlAlr, J0CARY tS,mO VI. w v-f: .fr. $mmm JTS '•km • ut nrnrr IIIHII—V-1> —|inganalysesquiteeatthegoodoutofaim. Ho THELATESTNEWScandtobesetonbysuchamanwasmorethanhis; anteriortoanorganization,isontofplaceandoutof solutionofthisGovernment. That,he.'Wu^vai'.^HW' Housemaydesiretoadoptthenlnralityrule,they «*s a ifcember oftheHome ofRepresentative* Southernbloodcouldbear. ThefourthObjectionwas order,andhemustbeallowedtosay,that,inhisjudg- the true reason whythis House,wasn&torgan- —aflnotbepertfttedfodo«<^. T~<g.,,Vi* £for many years, and when bo fint entered as ayottagmart,gaveapromi*ewhich timehasnotful-,HBC2ZVKD B T«»«&•Bowman,inadvanceofgettingtheprinting, ment,ithadbeen,conductedinexceedingbadtaste, ized.WhatwasinvolvedihthisdiscussionTIrihad bargained it away. He pronounced this djarepv: to use no harsher term. The Republican party, and the the Treasury were about six millions of, dollara W&2,! .table. HeknewMr. Bowman denied it,butnotin peopleoftheFreeStateshadbeen rudelyandshame- estly^duetoneedy creditors of theGovernment,forf as-,aic!K«um'%hne*Wyieldforthat mtfort:beenastruggletokeepwellonhislegs,andtilingslookasthoughbisreputationwasdoomedatlastto go to protest, and leaving him politically bank-rupt. Of late years he has aimed a t cutting a figureas an active member of the House Committee onPoreign Relations, out while he has often ex poundedFromWasMnartoii.Special Dttpatch to The N. T . Tribatie.W ASHINGTON, Tuesday, Jan. 17,1860.THE PROCEEDINGS IN THE HOUSE.salwasinviolationofthelawwhiohrequiredthepub- ti«eiractsgrossly'misrepresented;theirpatriotismim- ofthenation,bntwhich-cannotbepaidtothemuntil itheri**ratt*W,thattheyaredetetmxaedt6 Jic i^nterto work himself, and he should withhold bds peached, and some of their number denounced as a bill appropriating it to that purpose is passed. .Thervoteo.^thl»ground.Hehadagreatobjectiontobeiag worvh^jofthegallowe,forfranblyexpressing,inthe Governmentwasparalyzed,andthecountrywassuf- thereeolutien/andJ>hadheenaddedto-day,bya^sold out <o>dvance by G. W . Bowman. The fifth exercise of their undoubted constitutional rights", their fering from this non-organization. Throughout theobjection w^s the gravest of all. He charged that eentimtnts upon the subject of Slavery. But he length and breadth of the land the country demandedwhileMr.BowmanwasSuperintendent ofthePublic didnotproposetoreplytoanyoftheargumentswhich somemeasureofrelieffromthe disorganizingtenden- pluralitTrule aautterr) nnco^tulaonal,and^wool*with;hehasbeenunobservedandneglected. We presumeitishismisfortunesinthisline,thathaveferencetothepublicprinting. Buttheactof'ttr. thisHouse.Ihhisjudgment,nomanwhosustainedthe ganizetheHouseinthreeorfourdaysiftheyhavethe onthePluralityJ'Rnlebydfliatorymov^one,sncha#This aras another exciting dayin theHouse. Printinghe,in^roesviolationcflaw;becameinterest- hadbeenaddressedtothemfronttheDemocraticside, cieswhichprevailhere. Itwasduetoallpartiesto opposeh*adoptionbyitlX&t*??*0 ^ T ^ ^ J ^ i edinthePublicPointing. InAprillastMr.Bowman, becausetodosowouldbetocondemnhisownsenti- makeafairandhonesttrialtoelectbymajority;but n^enol^ieVopjoo*^ S%S2&SB?S^i Mr. Hui chins of Ohio, in a brief, manly, and forci- then being Superintendent of the Public Printiac,en- ments ;ind action in the premises up to this time. that trial having failed, they must take other measures. the proper i W wnlch wwOd «®7 5* £ ^ ^ . £ " 5and expanded what he has persuaded himself, and ble speech, introduced the plurality proposition, tered into a contract with MsAWendell, by which the Resolutions had been introduced, and were now pend- It had been said that if the plurality rule should be bad fairly nu* the, resolution <n7ered *frMr, Clark oftried t o persuade others, were statesmanlike views former took The Union establishment, tke latter pay- ing, declaring that certain individuals, entertaining propoeed questions of order would be raised and the MlPsoujrL and W e d uplift i t ^ - - / ' andsustlineditasthemosteffectual modeofper- ing$20,000ayeartohimaslongashe(WendeU) certainopinionsandindorsingcertainsentiments,are Bousekeptdisorganizedinalltimetocome. Buthe Mr.mCKM.seNhadnotmistakeTMthegentleman/a on the general questions he has brought forward, fecting an organization. H e exposed the shameful should be public printer. He (Bowman) received!" at unfit for the Speakership. In his judgment there,were believed, although he was not experienced hrllegisla- position, and baA«nly feSed'to s*a«« ^Mf reason*for i khehasonlymetthefatethatgeniusoftenmeets mannerinwhichthemotivesandactsoftheRe- thetime$3,000onthecontract,whichhaddirectr'i- agreatmanywhoarepoliticallyunfittobeSpeakerof tivematters,thatthemajorityhavethepowertoor-HeunderstoodmW'tbsaythat,heweiO1*w^8*aT0**publicanshadbeenarraignedandassailedforde-fending the rights and convictions of their constitu-Bowmanwaseither'grosscorruptionorgrossjta- pidity.He(Brown)didnotknowwhetherftwasPro-Slavery,contract,jobbingpolicyoftheAdminis- will. Hewantedtoknowifthemajorityhadnotas callsoftheHouse,aaotionatoadjonrn,><*«. «aft tration,wasfitpoliticallytobeSpeaker,orwhobe- muchphysicalenduranceastheminority.Hetold cameto thetamer thing;thatttw~^Southern, lieved that it is right to reopen the African slavey, them* that what was wanted, was a little more'/•'•'promptedhimtostrikeoutonanewpath. HehasenciesonthesubjectofSlavery.Attheconclusion, cesearytohaveanorgan,butifitwasweshtuld trade,orwhoopposedtheadmissionofKansasunder of that "by the Eternal" spirit which aideoftheHouse,3»*>&withIfcemth*Kor»- left the ocean of national- affairs, to try the dirty have a decent one. He would never vote money out her recently-adopted Constitution; but h© would re- distinguished and characterized the old hero of the erh Democracy, reiiwosenting honest -comrttt-/he called for the previous question quickly, which of the treasury to sustain this ricketty Constitution. gard! it entirely out ®f order for him to»introduce a Hermitage, and then «his House would be organized. uencies, bad eome \*Q ••-herer reserved "^,»*;:' ,trackandmuddycoursesofdisunion^Hehas disconcertedtheprogrammeoftheDisunionists, Thisisnottheonlymoneypaidoutforpapers,He resolutiontothateffect.Hedeniedtherightofama- Theyhadonlytosaytheywoulddoit.Hadthey undernodrcumetanceswwtheypermitthifrpaiwmountedthefiercestchargeroftheSouthernstud, in this race, and seems bound to win or break his neck.Wecanhardlydoubtwhichitwillbe.Be-who stood ready to cry out their objections.hadheardthatThePhiladelphia received $15,000 and The ArgusPennsylvanianiad jorifcyjorminoritytoprescribearulebywhichhisvote notgiventheothersidea chancetodiscussforthe ruletobevotedupon. ??\*decarationwaa,that«l* $6,000. If ... thcuch it may be made peri^ettiymanHest that a- largv*IJ. A|••graceful in a United States Senator to use the lan-guage which the telegraph reports him to have usedinthedebateonMonday..Itindicatesneither ins'sresolution,butimmediatelyrecededfromthatur. for Speaker shall be controlled and regulated. They past six weeks? He thought they had succeededMr.WashburnofMainedefendedtheproposi- Wendell,whodidtheprinting,contributedtotlese weretodeterminebytheirvoteswhoisfitandwhois prettywellinhangingthemselvesinthattime,and majorityofthisbodymaybeMfavorofthe4&p£o«aworthless,vagabondpaperswhymightnotthear;hi- unfittObeSpeakerofthisHonse,andthemanthat allthatremainedforthemtodonow,asChristian ofthatrule,yetthevoiceoft/hatoverratingmajoritytionwithaclearargument,andproducedthepro- tec.tofthecapital,theatonecutters,&c,becalled^oa couldreceiveamajorityofallthevotesinanywaythat people,wastocutthemdownandgivethemadecent ebalinotbeheard, ThatwasVhatwas.calledDem-i«« the slow and stately commonwealth from ceedingsoftheXXXIVth Congressasa justifiable tocontributetothem. Othersmightdoastheychose, theHouseseesfittoadoptis,intheopinionofthatma- bunal. Sanitaryconsiderationsrequiredthat,inorder ocracyhere. Suppose thegeiwmen dtti thmirth> winch Mr. Clingman hails, goes over and joins the precedent.. hut he (Brown) would wash his skirts of these' dirty jority, fit to be Speaker of this House. He intended, to avert the deleterious and. dangerous effects arising plurality rule uncon^tntkmai, vi*as he to permit themnoisycrowdofdisunionists,itmustforgetthecalmtransactions. Heknewthatitwouldbesaidthatthe however,toconfinehimselftothepointoforganization. fromtheodorsofputrefaction. [Laughter.] For foinstructhim? WasthatDemocracy%\H«clamed When the Democratic side found Hutchins's oifice wasunprofitable,and thereforethat Jlr.Wen- That,wasinorderandpropertobediscussed. Hespok hispart hewaswilling to.stay here until Saturday therighttointerpretteeConstituteonashe tmderstoodcounsels of a Macon, and the generous sentiments promptitude had foiled their plan, they commenced dell paid Mr. Bowman to take it off his hands. But fornobody,andnoneofhispoliticalfriends were respon- night, if necessary to effect an organization, by the and lolly-statesmanship of a Manguxn. could he not have got rid of it cheaper? The truth sible for anything that he might utter. He was unlike will of the maionty, and if any body, in good health, filibustering undertheleadofMr.Reagan,who wasMr.Wendellhadbeencompelledoutofhislabor hiscolleague(Mr.Corwin)inatleastoneretpect. couldnotdothat,neadvisedhimtogohometohis IfwehadtheearofMr.Clingman,weshould movedacalloftheHouse,whichwasdefeatedby tosustainthisthing,anorganwhichwasnotone.He hewasnotaleaderoftheRepublicanparty.Heim- constituents,andletthemsendsomebodyjwhowill.Mr.BROWNsaidaletteronthesubjectwasad-faithfullyendeavoredtoreachanelectionbyamajority, theSouthernStates,whenthatquestionshotIdassume majority, and saythey should not,IundjMr dressed to.the Attorney-General, and' of course he but after six weeks of effort they had not succeeded, a practical shape the people would speak out with de- any circumstances, manifest that wiHr it ^***l^ knew. . ' . ' . ' " and he believed that the majority of members of all termination and effect. A set of political doctors had time to know where they stood. This> AndjajKit ;"• . . . ' • '*Mr. MJXLSON. of Wirgmia (DVm.), asked if t& rgentleman referred to his position. Mr.HICKMANsaidthathe waa referringnowto*some remarks made by the gentienma's coEfeiagne* counsel him to have a decent regard to his position. three majority, Messrs. Adrain and Riggs voting Mr. HALE (Rep., N.H.,) asked Mr. Brown if any eveiy man has discharged his duty conscientiously, body politic was not much diseased on that sub- (Mr. Garnett), a few days ago. When a I>to©- We should tell himthatitisunbecominganddis- wiih us. This done,the Clerk decided that the MemberoftheGovernmentknewofthetransaction? bothindiecussing andvoting. Hebelievedtheyhad ject,thoughitmightbeincertain localities.IEven in cratic minority chose to disregard the'wul <>pJg*question before the House was on sustaining thedemand for the previous question on Mr. Hutch-position on pressure from Mr. Winslow and others.Mr.HALE—DidnotoneapeghigherthantheAt*partiesdesiredanorganization;thattheinterestsof beenmakingamplicationstotheNorthernpartofthe torney-General know ? the Government, and especially the condition of its body politic, put he suggested that the fetter way Mr. BROWN—I can't say. creditors, demanded an immediate organization; the would be to apply the plaster where the sore exists. Mr. B1GLER (Dem.,Pa.) entered hisprotest against country was sick of their rhetorical and polemical ex- (Laughter.] He thought a plaster on the |head was notlikelytocureawoundedheel. Itwastimetothat had transpired for the last five weeks, meainsone thing, and that was that this House shatt "* organized, but that* the reign of terror hadr commenced; that disunion was budding,JQlxfl soming,- and soon to bear fruit. j \talked of propositions being iflegitimat^j, offeredoutoftimeandseason,•'.;!»;•Jbfl!£J>W- osition had been made froni, the Brat:T^ttiaF iwrag not, in the opinion of some gentlemen, out of*-time and season. Propositions h a d oeen made t o diapona of all questions on the Clerk's table, ^ but they were refused to be entertained on the Democratic aide. Nobody would deny that bis motion to correct thejournal, pending the past three or four weeks, w a a a proper one, and yet no vote could be hadupem it. It was a part of the programme tha# no Jvote shall be taken that wQl even &p> proximate to an organization. H e had proposed at straight vote on Mr. Clark's resolution, and that the* consideration of the plurality rule should follow thaV but the proposition had heen repudiatedj and he waa^'constrained to the opinion that there waa a solemn de— termination to prevent an organization on the part o f Southern Democrats, and by Northern Democrat* also, who Would never b e able t o answer t o their con- stituents.statesmanship nor courage, to threaten a bloody con-flict in the Capitol, because of a peaceful and con-stitutional election of a President of the United in which Mr. Washburn insisted with much forceor advised transactions by which money could be im-, believed it was impossible to ever get a majority vote States.Bravemen,consideratemen,wisemen, thatallresolutionsandmotionswereoutoforder, properlytakenfromtheTreasury.The"pressteemedforSpeaker,direetly.Theyhadtrieditinvain,A general discussion of points of order followed,P•;do not talk in that way.sense and general intelligence of the entire Repub- lic. It is the bravado of pothouse politiciansandpoltroons, andnot the discourse of men reallyin earnest.NAXIONJJL CONVENTION. ,JA.jjlepublican of Philadelphia writes us in regard Mr. McClernand, of Illinois, replied with much per- President.It disgusts the commonand the House must meet the question to elect a Speaker now.(Brown) spurned and despised the whole concern. peached no man's motives, and would concede that He had no fears of dissolution 6f the Unjiom: ThetheinferencethatthePresidentorCabinetinstigated ercisesfnthisHall. Inthepresentstateofpartieshewiihthisscandal,anditwastimethatitwasanswered. but it didseem to himthat therewasonewaybyorganize. The creditors of Government had a right to demandit.Somehadsaidthatnightsessionsmight resultinarowj; butwhowasafraidofarow? HeHe denied that the President or the Heads of Depart- which the House can be organized. Had it come to did not expect to get through Congress on flowery!beds of ease. They came here peaceably and quietlyto maintain the constitutional rights of the people—even at the sacrifice of their lives, if need be. Alittle was responsible, as the prices were all fixed bylaw. can be effected? If that were so, they were at nerve and spirit here, and the House would be organ-ments were responsible for .the money paid for print- this, that a majority of the House cannot control Mr. Hickman spoke to this point with great ef- ing. The law-separated the matter entirely from its action—that, if a majority really desire organi-them. If exorbitant prices had been paid Congress zation, there was no way by which that organization other side were intended to prevent an organiza- Where then was the justification lor these broad im- the mercy of a minority, however small that minorityfect, charging that the whole proceedings on theized. He now moved that the House proceed to vote forSpeakervivavoce,andthatthepersonreceiving the highest number of votes shall be declared Speaker of this House, and on that he called the previous question.Mr. WINSLOW (Dem., N . C.) and others objected.Mr. DAVIDSON (Dem., La.) moved a call of the House.Decided in the negative by three majority.The CLERK said the question recurred on second- Mr. Hickman coolly answered M r. Pryor in a had known him for twenty yearSj and that he always quired,' If that majority declared that the person re- ing the demand for the previous question.tion, a n d hence the resistance t o the plurality rule.putationsonthePresident.Mr, BROWN said the Senator drew largely on hismightbe. Ithadbeensaidthatthepluralityrulewasunconstitutional. The language of the Constitution This telling speech disturbed their composure, and imagination. He (Brown) had said nothing about the was very brief on that point: " T h e House of Repre-sonal denunciation.Mr. Pryor followed in a sharp assault, stigmatiz- eral clamor on this subject. He then continued in de- It might be done by votirg viva voce, by a secret bal-After which he referred to Mr. Bowman, saying^hemitting, for argument's sake, that a majority was re-the couniry, and everybody was familiar with them.that the Committee reassemble, and appoint an earlier fore the House yet attained. The country will see was vigilant, and anxious to protect the treasury Mr. WASHBURNE (Rep., Me.) desired leave to The CLERK remarked, as several gentlemen had for those Democratswho had run away for the sake* ofdayfortheholdingoftheConvention." inthediscussionthepurposetoavoidavoteand againstpeculation. TheCommitteeonPrintinghad callattentiontotheopinion-ofsomeoftheablest objectedtotheresolution,hewouldputtheresolutionpottage,anddidn'tgetit. (Laughter.JjMr. HICKMAN said'if they came to the Republic*, asidetheywouldfindstrongergruelthanonthatside*- He always thought a gentleman was •driven to hart d shifts when he leaves regular argument for persona, t assaults. The Northern Democracy were so &r con* • troled b y Southern men a s to-lend-thjeircooperationt and assistance to prevent an organization of the House-Mr. BARR denied that any Southern man or North- ern man had controlled any vote of his.Mr.HICKMANsddtheywerepreventedfromvot-; ingonthepluralityrule..Mr. BARR—Have I given any vote to stor* it.Mr. HICKMAN said, a few days ago all the North- ernDemocracyvotedwiththeSouthtosustainth» previous question, in order that the introduction of a a y amendment in the shape of a-proviso, or, in other words, of the plurality ruleJmig^atbepresentedv F o c that reason, he said? the Northern Democrats were controlled in their action here, and stood alongside oJT the most ultra in opposing the organization^ W a»- thereanynecessityfortakinganotherballotT Were- they to engage from day to day in such a useles** ana ridiculous farce ? He would not favor an- other ballot for Speaker until he should" Be- come satisfied that a change had taken place in that. . minds of Members, or until sometliing analogous* to the plurality rule should be adopted.. These ballot* . were,net expected to effect anything except to-quiet- theDemocraticpartyintheNorth,,whichwasbe-prevent the election of a Speaker. Whenever the the fullest confidence in his integrity; He.had resisted Democratic Members of toe XXXIVth Congress on TheSt.LouisDemocrat warmlysecondsthepro- thepracticeofdoublecompositionwhilehewasinof- thisverypoint. HequotedfromtheremarksofMr. posal that the time should be changed. W e quote House comes to the test, it must decide whether fice. He (Bigler) then explained Mr. Bowman's con- Clingman of North Carolina, to the effect that a resolu-in this form: Is the motion of Mr. Houston in order ? Messrs.REAGAN (Dem.,Texas)andBARKS- DALE (Dem.; Miss.) severally insisted that jail other .pending questions must first be disposed of before act-ing on this.Mr. WASHBURN (Me.) briefly argued jthat thefrom that journal:Mr. Hiftchins's motion is in order. That may be reached by demanding a continuous session until determined. There was a strong disposition to be- gin to-day, even without a full understanding. T w oresult.Thereisalargenumberofmailcontractorshere, partments. ThequestionofthebargainofBowman rationofseveralleadingDemocratsthatnosuehreso-tract with Mr. Wendell, stating that he -resigned the Snperintendency when h e made the contract, but held the office a short time longer in order to superintend, by request of the Secretary of the Interior, some con-tion subsequent to the election of a Speaker by the plurality, was altogether unnecessary. Idocuments establishing thefact that the United Wendell, theyadvis<idhimtoviolatethelaw. Ifthe Houseorsomebodyelsethanthe House. Nowifthe burn'sinconsistency.Secretary of the Interior advised Bowman, knowing House can authorize sombody else than the House to Mr. W ASHBURN replied, it w a s n o t important StatesAttorney-Generalwaswitnesstoanarrange- thefacts,hedenounsedhisadvice,notwithstanding,electaSpeaker,maytheHousebyamajorityauthor^-whetherhewas;consistentornot,butitwasimportantment, by which Mr.Bowman violated thelaw. hislongfriendship. . . & \ feethe Presidentofthe United States to appointa heshouldbe right.posed every day, in order that it might go forth inalk. the newspapers that the Democracy are doing all they can to organize. H e would assist h o further in-tha». work of deception. Hestatedinthepresence* of t h e Republican party that a determination, must be manifested sooner, or later to resist this impo-tent humbug. He hoped'they would stand upon, thetion 1 er's book, which counsels treason and murder, is unh,r-—ThedateproposedbyThtDemocratisnotaday andDavisdefendedthatarrangement,andMr. WhenhegavehisadvicehesupposedthatGen.Bow- clusiveauthoritiestowhichhemightreferthegentle- resolutions. upthequestions'astheypresentedthemselveslegiti-a crowded hall than the middle of June."Mr. FITCH (Dem , Ind.) wished to absolve the At- organs here and in Philadelphia. Messrs. Bigler torney-General from any collusion in the matter.—resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, until*, a dispo- Mr. WASHBURNE said he had abundant and con- for Speaker. That was not the case with Mr. Dunn's sition should be manifested on the other side to- takeMr. BABKSDALE (Dem:, Miss.) referred to theread from the Attorney-General (Black) advising M r.BowmantomakethecontractwithMr.Wendell,which heregarded asa purelybusiness transaction. whether thesame thing wasnotdone when Mr. haveaclearcourse.,Mr. Bigler asserted that the law had been observed in Banks was elected ? Mr. REAGAN replied he had no authority, for his every particular by the President and Heads of, De- Mr.WASHBURNE 'replied by referring to the decla-was regarded as Speaker before the passage of a reso- lutionbyamajorityvotedeclaringhimelected,andMr- CURTIS asked' whether Mr. Reagan would vote tolayallpendingpropositionsonthetableaoastounder it, Mr. Banks had been duly chosen Speaker. Mr. MILLSON (Dem., V a.) said the gentleman holds that if the majority authorize the minority.to elect,thentheelectionbytheminorityisavalidelec- tion by the majority. Now certainly the minority Isnot the House. It"must be something eke than the not fit to be Speaker. He did this to show Mr. W:ish-law of the Country. He must have known it if he. that he should be a member. If the House might by Washburn had ever read in the spelling-book the for he knew they were having- effect>>i*-isiders unexampled. The sloop-of-war John Adams, of the District. W as this voting money out of the individual to speak for them as their organ. TheirSpeaker. And,also,thatifuponthethirdvotethe whenhesaidNorthernmenarecontrolledbySouth-„ said two parties shall receive an equal number,the ernmen. This charge could emanate only from. a.alter Hlight repairs, had proceeded from Rio de Janeiro totheEastIndies.A letter has been received from Judge Breese, de- clining the appointment of Marshal for the NorthernTreasury? Mr.BROWNexplainedthathecomplainedbecausethe manwhodidtheworkgot$20,000lessthanthe law allowed him, and this sum went to the man who didnothing.Home will continue to vote for one or other of the man who is controlled, and who is the slave and ia> sametwopersons,untiloneofthemBhallreceivea 8trumentofothers.Mr.Hickmanhasboxedall'the majority; and that, pending the election and until a points of the political compass. H e first denounced choice be made, there shall be no' debate. The most Gen. Jackson. .man connected with the mofefcrfion to which I have the honor to The Presidents of the various -Virginia railroad Mr. DAVIS explained that it was not a matter of sist upon the execution of this standing ing to the Constitutional mode of electing a President a.moment. . , "belong, w h o ha* struck the. one key-aot* to who*) music w e ,tn«7 alLatep. There is one man whom 1deaire to toast on thia occasion, and from whom I niceived » letter to-day, in which h e«*id that there Is one impression which nvmt b e made o n t h e Northern mind—that the institutions o f the Socth are not only •not danjerou*. but moral and right; and th*t until the Northern -people come to understand that there is a political as well as a ftfrXfU.. principle, whicn, whether they cnoo»e u> adopt or not, is t o be extended to as in the maintenance of our Snstitntiona.they cannot earpeot w e will consent to perpetuate this Union. 1 willcompanies have issued a call inviting all the Southern -railroad companies to meet them in consultation at legislation whether this man got too much or too'lit-Richmond, on the 28th of February, to consider the tle. He thought the question of the Associate Editororder of the House, and it was the duty, of by the House, in the event of a failure by the people Mr. McCLERNAND (sternly) not a word:Bowman. H e wanted to. know whether it was a con-Mr. PRYOR said that he-knew only.the plain Anglo- Saxon tongue, and repeated that Mr. Hickm^m'a state- ment was false.Mr. MILLSON—I repoat the point. ,Mr. KEITT—I shall discuss that.Mr. PRYOR defended the Democrats faom thecharge of being factious, saying that the Republican* were not, as they claimed, a majority. We, he added, are in a majority, and have shown it by thirty odd: ballots. ,Mr. BRANCH said that the House should make anefforttoelect in theordinaryway. Itwasapparent usurpation.totheHouse that Mr.Hutchins'B'sresolutioncouldnot Mr.HICKMAN—Thegentlemanraisesa.questionofveraoity with me.that they did know of it immediately after. upon the latter charge as mopt serious.He lookedMr. JOHNSON (Dem., Ark.) was opposed to going intoinvestigation. HewasreadytoelectaPrinter, and then if" the charges were made and• proved,:he%%,be voted on for a great length of time. Mr.PRYOR—I say distinctly that your statement ia In the ensuing- fifty years, it is probable that all of Mr. BROWN (Dem., Miss.) corrected a statement of Mr. JOHNSON (Ark.) did not wish to do that. He Constitutional beyond a peradventure or a doubt, and; Mr. TOMPKINS (Rep. Ohio) inquired whether Mr. false.was withdrawn.. • • , . 'The hour having arrived for the election of a Printer Senate proceeded to ballot for a Printer, with the fol- utional mode of organizing, and if others did not thinkwithdrawn for a vote. / ., the court he (Mr. Pryor) might prefer. H e did n o t , Mr. BRANCH replied that a rfreat many gentlemen recognize that as a tribunal of the country. He hadTheSenatethenadjourned. :Mr. REAGAN renewed^themotionthattheHouse thatthegentlemanprefers. Hemeantthecountry* t<';;..Untitled Document'country aB having been ready from qhe first to adoptany possible mode of organizing. They were sat- impracticable. There was no mode to enforce it.. . . - . -... i*"k*others..Mr. BURNETT referred to the records to show thatMr. SICKLES said the problem of organization willconstitutional obligations, was to vote ^teadilv for not be solved until certain Southern Oppositionists and. man's alleged polittcal inconsistencies, and said theSpeaker. They hadl been proceeding seven weeks in a factious and disorganizing manner, when, if the par-hitter was a follower of Seward, and a-supple- initru*occasion to offer it to the House.Mr. CLARK (A. L., N. Y.) said the proposition wasSsPscratic side of the House would no* consent that Mx.self-respect nor forfeit the good opinion of his people— AmotiontoadjOurnwasmadeandlost;andtue majoritvoltheHousebelieved.thatthiswasa^Consti- Hntchins'sresolutionshouldberenewediftemporarily ifhepossessedit—byjoininginanissuewithhuahvproceed to an election—-viva voce—for Speake*.ionthe Thiswasobjectedto/byseveralgentlemenRepublican-Bide. „ ' _ ;Mr. HICKMAN (A.L.,Pa.) said they had nowcome to a aeadlock—-a point they might as well have reached four weeks ago. The Southern minority say tbey will not submit to a majority.^ - 3 ^ ^ P ^ E ~ Y o u Betake their position.•rrrUff nw*n**<that t h eprior to Mr. Banks's election, Mr. Washburn voted onaseriesofresolutionsofferedbyMr.Dunn,declaringthat persons holding certain political sentiments, was coming restless, and a ballot would be generously pro- •:=iV ryniski 309 South 4th StreetFulton New York 13069Thomas M. Twww.fultonhistory.com*w*»*Ms«as«»ji«^^ 