 idptotfrs.THIRD DAT.OuETmrow, & C., Pec. 19,1800. waiting with profound anxiety the action of the Soothtorn.od ofrraB• the [ lax-•>Milostr from Mississippi, die., die. MnxsnasMLLB, Dee. IP, 1840.There has been a meeting of the members of the Legis- lature favoring co-operation, and urging a convention of such Southern States desirous of co-operating. An ad dress was issued te the people of South Carolina, Ala- bama, Mississippi sad Florida, signed by fifty-two mem- bers of the Legislature.wishes of the other States.Reports from the South received to-day are of an in-flammatory character; and although an attempt was being made among prominent and influential citizens in Charles- ton te stave off definite action until the 22d of February or 3d of March, yet Wade's speech destroyed the hope and extreme measures will be taken immediately.The following was offered by John H. Reynolds, which, after a debate of a strong Union character, was unani- mously adopted:—THE NEWHERALDMrnaum.The n w l o tcommittee to-morrow, and pawed Immediately.Several military companies were out ibis evening, not- withstanding a drenchaig rain, la homespun uniform. A general parade It contemplated on the day of secession.THB PROCEEDINGS OF THE CONVENTION.Mr. CLARK, (rap.) of N. H., moved to take np the reso lution of inquiry offered by him relative to the forte at Charleston.Mr. GREEN, (opp.) of Mo., suggested that the Senator from Oregon, who was not present, wished to amend the resolution.Mr. CLARK withdrew his motion.Mr. Sunsu, (asm.) of La., said a despatch of the Asso- ciated Press to Now Orleans, Dec. 17, said Senator Slidell in a speech charged President Buchanan with imbecility and the authorship of the present crisis. Mr. Slidell said there wss no kind of truth hi such despatch. He never intended anything of the kind, and never felt such a sentbnent. Who sent such a despatch? Was it the reporter of the Associated Press in the gallery? If no explanation were offered he should move to-morrow for the expulsion of the reporter from the gallery. He charged the Associ- ated Press with sending despatches from the South in- tended to do harm. This despatch wss a base fabrica- tion.Mr. Gwra, (opp.) of Cal., said bis name had been asso- ctoted with that of the Senator from Louisiana, as using hard words to the President and advising him to resign. There was not a shadow of truth in such a story.The bill to carry out the existing treaties with Mexicowas taken up, bnt was postponed to allow Mr. Hunter to than see the government divided into thirty-three report a bill. petty, wrangling powers, he woukl see it aoconsoli-Mr. HrvrnR, (opp.) of Va., from the Committee on dated government and ooosolidoted power. It mightordinance win probably bestae would not be dragged ( confederacy until she had would also tell the No 'not he driven out of abolitionists wanted to step they would take would'11MConvention reassembled this forenoon. A prayer Carolina Secession Convention With the ordinance ofwat oflrred np by Rev. Dr. Curtis.Several new members appeared and took their seats. One hnndrad aad sixty delegates, on the calling of theroll, were found to be present.The minutes of yesterday were read.The President submitted a letter from A. Huger, post-master of Charleston, isBalag a snseaoager to facilitate the delivery of ta« mail matter from the members of the Convention.The President also read a letter from Boa. John A.secession and the first conflict with the government troops the end of the existing complications will be reached, and there will be plain sailing towards a definite and decisive point.Meantime all is dark sad uncertain, and all parties are involved ia the general gloom.Wismi-GTo.v, Dec. 19, I860.Senators SHdell and Gwin, in the Senate to-day, authori-tatively contradicted the published reports that they hadrecommended President Buchanan to resign, and thatFinance, reported the House bill making appropriations for the payment of invalid and other pensions for the year ending June, 1802. Also the bill making appropria- tions for the support of the Military Academy.Both bills were passed.The consideration of the bill to carry out the treaties with Mexico wsa resumed, and discussed by Messrs. POLK, ( o p p . ) of Mo., SUDKLL, ( o p p . ) of L a , IVKRSO.V, (opp.) of G a , and BATARD, (opp.) of Del., until one o'clock, when the special order, the bill to allow the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to cross the Long Bridge across the Potomac river was taken up.Mr- KXKXKDY, (app.) of Md., moved to postpone the con- sideration of the subject until to-morrow. Agreed to.Mr. Johnson's resolutions, proposing amendments to the constitution, were then taken up.Mr. Johnson's (opp.) of Tenn., resolutions proposing amendments to the constitution were then taken up, when Mr. J. resumed his remark. He said that when lie gave way yesterday he was sneaking of the laws of the North which were hi conflict with the Fugitive Slave law. He proceeded to argue that such laws were uncc>4- stitutional and nullifying. The government should exe- cute the laws in every State, and their enforcementoccur to the border States that it was better for themto establish a central republic, Instead of going withthe Southern States, and form friendly alliances withthe Northern border States. He referred in elequent termsto the association of the struggle for independence, and tually owe, and were pledged to pay. The only course the great men of the d liferent Central States binding themSmote, ttsnmtesioner for Alabama, enclosing a tole- they bad had a serious misunderstanding with him. Thetogether. In connection with the idea of a central republic might also occur the idea how was the capital founded by Washujgton, which conld not be given exclusively to the North or South. He avowed in hto place here he never would enter any government, North or South, less democratic than the one under which we now live —neverI never! He read extracts from the newspapers of Columbia, Ga., suggesting a monarchiai government, to show that there was a party at the South in favor of a monarchy and to ask the South to consider what govern- ment it was going under. Is it not better "to bear the ills we have than fly to others we know not of?" It might be that some Louis Napoleon was ready to seise on the reins of the government. Tennessee never passed under a less Democratic government. It intended to stand by the constitution and demand a faithful per- formance of the guarantees. It would not be driven out of the house built by our forefathers. It wanted to stay the rash and precipitate action of some portion of the South which runs to such red hot madness, and also mad abolitionism at the North. He still trusted in God that the Union would be preserved, and intended to hold to it as a palladium of civil liberty, as the ship- wrecked mariner c i ings to a plank to save himself. Where is the grievance that operates upon south Carolina? Is it because they want to take stoves into the Territory? Both of her Senators said at the last session there was no needof it now.Mr. DAMS said they voted on the resolution to pro- tect it.Mr. JOBRSOEasked if they voted to protect it now?Mr. Davis said if the Senator proposes to play on that word, he supposed they intended to nail to the cross the miserable miscreants who vote for protection when it to necessary, and who shrink from it when it to necessary.our government can pursue is to apprentice such Africans as Great BritaMi does. The character of the negroes would thus be elevated, sad an opportunity given to Christians and philanthropists to civilise them.Mr. CRAWFORD, (opp.) of Ga., said that there was not a word in the act of 1810 which could be tortured into a construction for the support and maintenance of recap- tured Africans for a year tnereafter. If they were landed on our shores there migh; be some propriety to sending them back. He did not believe there were a hundred men in Georgia in favor of reopening the African slave trade. He would never vote a dollar for the support ef Africans abroad, but would for their support and return to their own country. *.Mr. COBB, (opp.) of Ala., inquired whether an amend- ment would be in order,providing that wherever a slavar to captured the negroes be taken oil, the shipand the officers and crew allowed to go down withHe was satisfied that Southern men woukl nev«v be en- gaped in the slave trade. He desired also to know whether he would be permitted to introduce an amend- ment to prevent our Northern friends fr3m building* ships and sending them out in their hellish traffic.Mr. BoeocK, (opp.) of Va., who occupied the <hair, re- plied it would be in order to move for a sinking fund to buy off the cupidity of Northern slave traders, but not to sulk crews. (laughter .)Mr. RRAGAX. (opp ) of Texas, was opposed to taxing the people to pay for civilizing and Christianising negroes. They were brought to Florida through Yankee cupidity.Mr. CiEHrxSjj'opp.) of V a , desired to settle the ques- tion at once. The President has already become respon- sible, under the construction of an existing law, for the support of these negroes to Africa to the extent of $000,- 006, and It wss for us to say whether we should continue this act thus construed. He denied that the law author- izes the President to maintain the negroes thus returnedfor one year, by which expenditure this large sum baa been incurred.Mr. JOHNCOCHRANE, (opp.) of N. V. thought that the Africans sent to Liberia under the law should not be re- ceived there and left to perish. The tow never contem- plated such an outrage upon humanity.Mr. Cncmuxx, resuming, maintained that the tow of humanity required such a construction, and that Con- gress at-the last session thus construed the law of 1610, when it authorized the President to feed and clothe them In Liberia He opposed the introdu< tion of the British apprentice system, as more outrageous and objectionable than any other disposition that could be made of them. Nothing should be done to increase the number of Afri- cans in this country. We do not want them as free,grapic despatch from Governor Moure, dated Montgomery, Dec. IT. It was as follows:—To Hov. Joan A. Eusoaa:—TVii the Convention to listen to no proposition for com- promise or delay.iThto despatch was greeted with loud applause, and sub- sequently was referred to the committee to prepare an •ddress to the people of the Southern States.J. P. Rsm> introduced a resolution, tret, ordering the President to appoint a Cashier and Deputy Cashier: se- cond, ordering the Clerk to superintend the printing of the Convention, third, that reporters for publie journals shall be allowed access to the hall for the purpose of re- porting : fourth, that the regular hour for meeting shall be tea o'clock, subject to a special order; fifth, that aa alphabetical list of their members, with their post officeaddress, be printed sixth, that a Journal be published aad laid on the tables of the members before the time ot awetmg. f[Owing to the lateness of the hour we are obliged to go te press without the crninlnotes of the proceedings.]^*s«^%^^^^^^%^s*^»explanation was made by Senator Slidell, in response to a telegraphic despatch from Louisiana asking information on the subject. Both Senators declare that, so far from urging the President's resignation, they had never enter- tained the thought for a moment.There is considerable feeling among the Pre- sident's opponents because he has retained Thompson in the Cabinet while on a mission to a State In a condition of quasi rebellion. It is regarded as prima fad< evidence of the sympathy of thePresMent for the seceders, and some are uncharitable enough to denounce him as a chief actor in the movement of disso- iutioc, by thus countenancing the action of one of bis constitutional advisers. It is, however, reported upon good authority that Mr. Thompson will act discreetly, and more in the light of a pacificator than a messenger o, irritation.The recommendation in the Richmond Enquirer, that Maryland should grab the seat of government, creates bnt mtie sensation here, although the soundness of the idea to not questioned, as viewed from a Southern standpoint. With a dissolution of the Union the District of Columbia reverts hack to the States ot Maryland and Virginia; sad although it might not be difficult for eitherMr. Cass' letter te the President to brief, in which heapproves of the annual Message, save in two particulars,which he plainly states. Conceiving there should beunity Mi the Cabinet council, be tendered hto resignation.The President. Miacknowledging the receipt of the letter could not be considered an invasion. He went on to ar-Meettstsx ot the Members of the Legisla-ture—Address to the goatherd State*— State to successfully capture the city, some difficultyKenyon, John H. Reynolds, MeKean, Palmer, Spjnner, ple of Pennsylvania resisted. There was no differenceR e e e p t J o m o f MGr. H a r r i s , t h e C o m t u i s - might be met in either or both retaining it against thekln, Sedgwick, Butterfleld, Pottle, Wells, Frank, YAwin fancied there was aa great distinction to be made. Don elected. If Mr. Breckinridge had been elected, not oneMr. CLEUERBcontended that the law would bear no such construction as the President has given it.In the Senate a resolution offering the services of themembers of the Legislature in case of coercion of anySouthern State, and requesting the Governer to order outall the members of the Assembly first for the ueM, was women who have married Southern husbands write totheir brothers, beseeching them to avert the awful cala- mities of civil war; and Southern women who have mar- ried Northern men are equally urgent in then* appeal to sacrifice ah, save honor, to rescue the country from de- struction. Some of these appeals from the patriotic women of America are truly teaching and eloquent, and not Without their effect upon the flinty hearts of national legislators.WAsmmmm, Dec. 19, 1860. Judge Black entered formally upon his new duties InA reconsideration was moved and lost.Mr Detoaey's btU protecting' the citizens of Geoigto. the department were presented to him by his predeces-lost.The discussion in the Senate on separate State acti m isreported the ablest of the session.Mr. BjA. of Troup, ia a blase of eloquence, charac-terised separate action as "right accomplishing its own defeat liberty forging tol Own elmins; happiness pu..-»n eg its own cup; prosperity committing suicide."A resolution was adopted—yeas H, nays 54—that as there m a common interest, there should be a co-op. ra lion among the Southern States.ly of the country in the present crisis, and to the pre- servation oi the federal Union-processes la the federal courts was.kwt by sixteen ton jority.sor, General Cass. The scene was a very touching one,and the General was no overcome by hie emotions thatsess the government, or to resist the execution of the ju- dicial system, then South Carolina puts herself in the wrong, and it Is the duty of the government to see thew L Harris, the Commissioner from Mississippi, was he could hardly articulate. After expressing in a fewcourteously received by the Legislature. He spoke broken words his sense of the fidelity and teal of theTheir first attendance was under a call representingthat as the dangers threatening the Union required thatordinary party divisions should not prevent united action judiciary raithfully executed. Yes, sir, faithfully exe- long as human efforts could last. Mr. Johnson closed Mi behalf of the country, the New York delegation would cuted. In December, 1805. South Carolina made a deed with a strong, earnest and eloquent appeal for all toMouday A thousand copies of his speech has been or-dered u> be printed, *i ...ITHE MINUTE MEN OP VIRGINIA. XoaroLK, Dec. 19, I860.gentkmen who had been connected with him in the affair* of the department, he took his position at the door and asked them to come and shake hands with him. The deep silence with which they pressed htm by the band manifested the affectionate and cordial relations whichmeet to consider the condition of the Union. Messrs.Clark. Haskin and Reynolds were present this evening,and all the republicans. Mr. Reynolds' resolution, to theeffect that the South should be protected in its constitu-of cession of the land on which these forts stand—a fullaad free cession—with certain conditions. The goverument complied with the conditions, and has had posses-sion of these forts till this day. And now has South Caro-lina any right to attempt to drive the government from was one thing the old democracy would not do—theyThe Con veation of MMmto Men, consisting of large dele- the warm hearted and honest old patriot had establishedtional rights, and that the laws for the correction ofviolations of constitutional obligations should be constitution where it speaks of levying war? And hi levy-gat H>US from Sorftdk and Princess Anne counties aad thecities of Norfolk sad Portsmouth, m*t in Ashland Railwith his recent corps.Instructions have gone out to ourMinister to Nicaraguaenforced, was unanimously passed. It is supposeding war she does what the constitution declares to bo treason. We may as If anything can be treason,to day at eleven o'clock A. M. Colonel E. H. Hoibert wascalled to the chair aad L. A. Smith appaented Secretary. to endeavor to hasten the ratification of the treaty by the Resolutions were passed, aad the strongest secession Legislative Assembly of that republic, that the necessarya-ntunrnts expressed by many prominent influential men. who addressed the Convent ton.as wen as the news of the withdrawal of South Caro-lina irom the Colon reaches here, one hundred guns willbe Bred in honor of the event, and the chief of the MinuteMen of Portsmouth pledges one hundred Minute Man to be taken, by the seceding States of the South. It ap-pears that the Southern States have been infor- awn nt their set vices are requirted. Ureal enthi-R m mally assured that France will recognise, in*qn pped and ready to march to South Carolina the ry **• manifested throughout the proceedings.OUR WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENCE.WAsmsioro.Y, Dec. 18,1880.swn," it is declared that South Carolina, if she secedes,is no longer a member of the Union, and, therefore, thelaws and constitution ef the United States are inpperative, and sl;e is not guilty of any violation. This is a(HE »ESPiTCHES FftOfl WiSOTCTO*.Sdtkmmt cf the Gnat Question, <tc. father of the constitution, denies this doctrine. Wash- ington, who is called the Father of his Country,IMPORTANTMISSION OF MB. CUSHIXO HOITH 1 ABOLINA.T Othat he had not the most remote intention to resign be- to-day that a State caa go out of this great confederacythe question as a matter of dollars and cents. not principle. There was no danger of the mouth of the Mississippi river being closed up ; It was againtt the law of nations. , If a dissolution of the Union should come it will for the.reason that the Southern States have been denied their rights in the I'nion. Where is the man hardy enough to undertake to collect revenue in South Carolina when she has left the Union? Such a man would be the veriest madman in the world, as to do so would drench the country ia blood.WUWLVUTO.V Dec. 19, 19fX»Mr i _.hmg. ! observe, has been mentioned most 1 »v>an end to the idle stories and speculations about his fol- true, men a State can secede and withdraw. Suppose,lowing the example of Mr. Cobb and Mr. Cass. lor instance, that South Carolina has seceded, and to nowout of the confederacy What attitude does she place The article In the National IntiUigencer of this morn- herself in? There might be circumstances in which the*vl>l> !a luapy quartern fur the vacant Attorney Gen ral the expense of her rival.8«'P bit it is understood in quarters most likely t • *• "«ll aforiotd that his services wtD he ctU xl Intoreqa-i- t«ei by the President for a more delicate and impot tiiting makes allusions to President Buchanan's wise, hu-mane and patriotic course in regard to the South CarolinaStates entering into aad remaining under the compact might tolerate—I wish to be understood—might tolerate the secession of a State, she taking the consequences of•>'•' •<Tons from the President, to make a atrenuow * « to prevent the secession .* the State, by such wgt*r •utatioM as.'H is hoped, wUl scTompUsh that objectthat the doctrine of "States righto" must prevail or dis- union would follow. The republican party of the North have uiflietod ruin and distress on the oountry, and when starving thousands march through their streets, theyKavanagh and struck him over tfae head with it Kav- anagh was taken to a drug store and then to the Hos- pital, where he died in two days.TVs step on the part of the Presideal proves ni> ?X Carolina and are now on their way te the coast of thatmore than he d.l He would toy down hto life now if it would avert tho coming troubles.The Senate when into executive session. Adjourned.Hoaseofliepresenta11ves. WAsmaorcx, Bee. 19,1800.he had no doubt was Inflicted by the cleaver, tauseof the death.Sarrwer atte'sBefore Edward C. West, Surrogate. WILL OF MBS. BLAXaMAJr.The crossexamination of Mr. Button, one of the at- testing witnesses in thto case, was further continued yesterday. He testified to copying the alleged wti, whit h was afterwards executed by Mrs. "•"''r-i-i At»*iae soheltwle to use all the mean* ia hto pomr te * m such a oaiamity >s the secession of even a singleState. Two New York captains, unpleasantly known inEngland, or Russia—with a view to ulterior motives, let me ask this oountry if they dare neglect their duty— dare they tot them do it, under, and Mi compliance with MMgreat tow of self preservation? If she was oat of the Union to-day, am} tons forming or about to form an alliance with any foreign power that would be inimical to oar interests, we woafct have a right to conquer ber—mischief apaa the rights aad property ef Coming from that quarter, the speech was a astonishing production.nestly upon the state of the oountry,priatMig about one-slxtiethV the y earl government for that paipaas,The reports iu circulation that Senator Douglas would support Crittenden's rennhWIene Par the rentoration of the MUsnart line are entirely without foundation. Judge Douglas does i o t p opose making any speech at present. His views on the ooestwn at issue are already before theMr. Basamaa said the festiaa was not as to the pro- OftheInteriorhaspreasnmietakosblo He is for the Uaioa and for the main- tenaneeef all the guarantees of the constitution.Thurtow Weed's course M regarded here s s significant of the policy Lincoln republicans intend to pursue, although It does net meet the sanction of the extremeSewardltes. The middle ground will be the policy of Lincoln s administra- tion, aad non intervention is the keystone of that policy.Col. Burnett, of Kentucky, succeeded in saving nearly hah* a million to the national Treasury to-day, by re- ducing the sum to be appropriated to the return of recaptured Africans. If these poor wretches were al- lowed to decide for themselves the bulk would prefer remaining here, in the enjoyment of the blessings of the •'Land of Dixie."Twice has the attempt been made today, and twice de- feated, to adjourn the House over seventeen days. No fears of inroads from Maryland or Virginia militia have, however, moved the judgment of members on the ques- tion.ItMstillnotunlikelytopasstheHouseto-morrow, on Colonel Burnett's motion to reconsider, to receive n final veto from the Senate, whose consent to the adjourn- ment it is necessary to obtain.WasauHrw, Deo. 19,1800. The speech of Gov. Johnson Mi universally denounced by Southern men. Senator Green, of Missouri, pro- nounces it infamous, and grossly inaccurate in itsassump- tton of facts. Gov. Brown, of Mississippi, in his em- phatic way, declares it to be damnable. Whatever it may accomplish at the North, it is certain to have failedin doing nay food amoDg Southerners here.All classes of people at the teat of government areether*.Republicans outside the committee, who have been let into the secret movements of the doings of the perilous thirty-three, declare that seme of the heretofore faith- ful are growing timid, and express fear that they may back down from the Territorial policy of the Chicago platform. There to no doubt that upon that very point there will b o a sharp contest ia the Committee before they terminate their deliberations.Boyce, Hawkins, sad Davis, of Mississippi, were ab- sent, but nearry all the other States, North and South, were represented. Hill, of Georgia, is quoted aa having said that he believed the tone of feeling in hto State to be growing stronger Mi flavor of Union and against secession.The Union speech of Senator Johnson, of Tennessee, to- day, to the subject of universal conversation in almost every circle to-night, and It to believed it will be a power- ful Instrumentality towards preventing secession. Sena- torFitchwillsupportitto-morrowinashort(speech,in which be intends to express, in behalf of the democrats of the Northwest, hto thanks to Mr. Johnson for his timely speech.Senators Wilkinson and Baker wiU address the Senate, and Mr. Morris the House, in a few days, upon the present crisis.Gen. Cass has not decided whether he will return to Michigan immediately or wait until spring.The Deficiency bill, which passed the House to-day, as I indicated it would in my despatch last night, will pro- bably, pass the Senate without much delay.The friends of the Pacific Railroad bill hope to reach its consideration to-morrow, as all territorial business has been postponed until the second Wednesday to January.It to said to-night, upon high authority, that Senator Douglas will not make hto proposed speech te opposition to secession, and in favor of the coercing of the seceding States, but has decided to support Senator Crittenden's proposition for the restoration of the Missouri line and its extension to the Pacific. » 'Edwin M. Stanton was this evening nominated to the Senate as Attorney General, but the Senate did not act upon It owing to the lateness of the hour.The House delegation from Indiana have had a consul- tation upon the present state of affairs, and while they did not disagree about their line of duty on the subject, they did not decide definitely upon any distinct proposi- tion, except that they would not make their doings public.S not any more recaptuwred Africans being leaded on Liberian coastber of letters members of Congress receive from their family connections, and particularly the lady portion thereof, on the subject. In several instances Northernbelieving the appropriate remedy for every exist- Johnsosf paid a high eulogium to the character of Jack- ing grievance may be applied under the pre- son, who was then President. He said that Jackson held the same views in regard to the enforcement of the laws sent constitution or the United States, and all that Washington did, and put rebellion down. The gov- just cause of complaint removed by a due ob- ernment then went on. Now how is it? The duties now servance of the tows of the land, they will in are the same—the consequences belong to God. He slst upon a prompt and energetic enforcement of all the intended to discharge his duty whatever the consequences laws of the general government as necessary to the sole- may be. Have we not the power to enforce the laws in the State of South Carolina as well as in the State of Ver- mont or any other State? And, notwithstanding they may resolve and declare themselves absolved from ail allegiance to this Union, yet it does not save them from the compact. If Sooth Carolina drives out the federal courts from the State, then the federal government has a right to re-establish the courts. If the excludes theposed to turn our backs on them and leave them to their fate. We have nothing to do but to stand iirmly at our posts like men, and in four years time Lincoln and his party will both be hurled from power. What reason. then, is there for desertion and the breaking up of the government. He believed that we could obtain all need- ed guarantees. He entreated every patriot to come for- ward in the spirit of brotherly love—to stand around the altar of our common country— to lay the constitution upon it, and to swear that the con- stitution shall be maintained and the Union preserved. He thought it better to preserve the Union, even if we bad to quarrel with the North sometimes. It was better to quarrel with the North occasionally than among our- selves. Mr. Johnson here referred to the remark of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Iverson) about some Texas Brutus arising to relieve that State of her Governor unless he would conform to the wishes of the people. This bo (Mr. Johnson) said does not look much like harmony. He appealed to the South to pause and consider before they rashly go too far. He earnestty appealed to the North to come forward with the proposition of peace, ooneiliation and concession. They know that this Congress has power to-day to arrest secession and save the Union. Will they come forward, or desert the sinking ship? For one he would stand supporting the edifices of his oountry asspecies of population, calculated to bring about that "ir- repressible conflict" between the races which has already given us so much trouble. He would willingly vote for the appropriation required,and for more if found neces- sary by the principles of humanity.Mr. REAGAN did not think it was right te put the sup- port of these negeoes on our government. They should be delivered up to the agents of the government from which the vessels sailed, and they should be compelled to maintain them.Mr. BK-GBAM. (rep.) of Ohio, opposed the amendment of Mr. Reagan, which was to limit the appropriation to ne- groes taken from vessels bound to the United States only.Mr. RXAGAjr thought the government te which the ves- sels are bound should maintain the negroes.Mr. Kr.vKEi, (opp.) of Md, mainUinad that it was ma- nifest the present taws »n defective. Theyhave not produced the suppression of the slave trade. By the tow passed tost session the burthen on the government baa been increased. tMr. Reagan's amendment was rejected, and the original one, appropriating $900,000, adopted.The committee then rose.Mr. Burnett, (opp.) of Ky., moved to reduce amount to $440,000. Rejected, 67 against 100, and the bill passed. Mr. SHKRMAN, (rep.) of Ohio, reported from the Com- mittee of Ways and Means a bill making appropriatiooflfor certain civil expenses.Mr. FLommcx, (opp.) of Pa., introduced a resolutionthat, the Senate concurring, when the House adjourn it be to the 7th of January. »Mr. Hrcnxs, (opp.) of Md., thought It was better to ad- journ over, so as to give gentlemen an opportunity to go home and consult their constituents Mi thto crisis.The resolution was rejected, 82 against 94. _ ^ Adjourned.Court of Oyer and Termisu-r. Before Hon. Judge Baloomb.DKC. 10.—John Mills, David Berry and Andrew MiBer were discharged, the Grand Jury having ignored the bills in their cases.CHARGE OF MTBDER IT* THI FIBST DEGREE.Ike People t». Frederick Sckatht.—The prisoner is bv dieted for the murder of Michael Kavanagh. at the corner of City Hall place and Pearl street, on the 23d of October last. The deceased was an Irishman and the prisoner to a native of Hanover: both the accused and Kavanagh were under twenty years of age. Mr. Anthon opened thecase for the prosecution. Mr. James T. Brady appeared for the defence.Patrick Maguire deposed that on the eveatog m ques- tion be was standing m company with the deceased, John Sweeney and others. Hweeney commenced tantalising the prisoner; a few moments afterwards the prisoner hit witness under the ear with bis fist; witness struck batk. and followed prisoner into a meat shop: both cli ncbed and were nt>out to tight. when deceased came to and caught witness round the arm and tried to pull him away; after some further scuflluig the prisoner seized a -steel' (an instrument about six inches long used for sharpening knives), and made a plunge at witness, sad the deceased grabbed a pail and struck prisoner on thehead; witnos and his party went across the street, and in about two hours afterwards witness was aoss-the State Department this morning. The gentlemen ofBurr, Briggs and Sickles having failed to procure assu-rances that the republican majority would not passover them say repugnant resolution, declined to attend. that property. And if they make any effort to dispos-Ordei>. it is understood, have been sent from this city to the Brooklyn Navy Yard, which are interpreted to contemplate immediate collision with the forces of Southforts, which the editors will themselves have occasion the act. But suppose, by the secession of a State, all the He would say to such "Sir, you must meet yourInformation has been received here which leads to the belief that the two condemned war steamers recently sold In Havana have been purchased for the State of Southwith integrity of heart, he cheerfully submits both his conduct and hto motives to the verdict of hto contem- poraries and of posterity.A statesman of the highest eminence from New Eng- land, who has filled places in the Cabinet and in the di- plomatic service of the government, as well as in Con-they will tolerate the secession ef South Carolina.That is a matter to be determined by circumstances andby Uie emergency wh.a it comes. And, again, supposeSouth CarolMia to outside the confederacy, and sheforms an allegiance with a foreign power—with France, must be held responsible. No man loved bis oountry Dr. TuthiU deposed that the blow on the head, whichconnect ton with the operations of the famous Lamar, are*at« woukl produce. He could not have —'Trtii any supposed to have negotiated this purchase sad equip- gress, proposes s new plan for adjustment of tba difficul-•aa beuer eualined m every respect tor such a duty *»» Mr. Cushihf • He will show to the leading spirit -n »*ta Carolina thai if they shall consent to seek redrew *ih.trgrievanceswith*theI'BMBtheymayyet,byment.Governor Moore, of Alabama, has accredited Hon. Mr.McCurry ss Commisstoner from that State to visit Mary- land, to procure concert of action among the Southern States. He will probably visit MM Oiawnam some timeties between the North and South. It is that a generalconvention from all the Southern States should be held,•ad present a proposition to the other States. The monthofJanuarywouldbosufficienttoaooomplishthis. Theproposition ought to embrace provisions for securing allthe lust rights of the South Mi the Territories, the most no other winding sheet than their garments, saturated•«• siaa he proposes, accompUsh thai object.®nirwnor Pickens, betwean whom and she PreeMhat during the presenkweek.yes, to conquer and hoM bar as a provMkpe. How leaf hasitbeensMweyourarmieswaretatMexico,and many of them perished aad consigned to the grave, with*»i»*set pirasaal retoiioa* exist, and who was bonor- *by*aeofthemostlinttinaadwaaadmeatatunstils •fa^atm armnawsneam m the gift of Mr. Baches,*,Letters received here this morning state that theretonowwagtaginGeorgiaandAlabamaawarmcontestup-on the question of separate or oo-operatton State action. tow without the consent of a majority of the Senatorscountry knows? What did it esaff » east be to meet on the 7th ef January.oae hundred aad twenty milltoas of dol- Mr.Enamunex,(opp.)ofTens,,movedtotoyitonthe lars. Peace was made from whteh Califor-nia erected herself into a free and indepeaaeat State, aad table. It wss tabled by three majority.counsel. but the counsel for the contestant* si*"i that ittointendedtodisputethegenuinenessoftheband- writing of thto witness in the document aliened to be MM-It is believed the oooperottontots wffl ftnally prevail.The President to decidedly in favor of an adjournment behtr given te the slaveholding States to meet, deliberateaad mature this or some othor plan, the mouth of Feb- of tea days, which will give members an opportunity to • ruary might be given te the North to cotslder it In State go home and consult their conoMteents. He believes it conventions. If the constitutional majority of Statesed one hundred and twenty millions of dollars, with the k m of many of our bravest and best men, and havingpUd iKtean, jBjUiopa of ttoUftft mr her tomtorv, sappose, Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069f undoubtedly give Mr. CuehmgacordMU neapum. aflord him every facfltty for urfing his purpose.TO AfTQBSJsrr iHDfmXAnSHrr.Mr Stantoo ia designated by the Presides* for Attorney /*!• *•»•««» *»»»ani from the city BO nosniaat^own seat to the Senate. rfrom the slaveholding States. The mouth ef January was admitted into the Untou. Now, after having expend-The consideration of the Territorial buskiass was post- will of Mrs. Blankman. The effort* of the t — I for the poned. contestants seemed to be to shake the evidence of the)wttn> *.« and prove that he ha J no distinct remembranceMr. SBxaxAS, (rep.) of Ohio, from the Committee on of what occurred when the will was executed - The tes-Ways and Means, reported a bill making an appropriation timony ettritod yesterday, however, presented no fea-would be productive of great good, aad might result in bragiag about an early aUjutiment on, their return hero.should adopt it all the present uMnVuliics would bo ended, TM* would form an issue on whig* t h e * * * * va-for legislative, executive and judicial expend;tares for thf year sadlsf Juaejo, Itf*.tures of interest or importance, and the c*ee waa ad.jouraut till today.•*" ^iMOWING JftmON-THUSSDAY, MCEMBEB 20, 1860. "T*p.^, Dec. If, 18*0. did netof Tennessee, eonemded his speech in favor of the Chioa. Be was bold aad powerful,a right laaw apetuity of the mstitntiea of slavery depended upon the conllaaaaBt ef the Union, aad issslltag with much force the pontoons of the ssceders, as eaJoulatedte entail greatWiSHMotoji, Die. 19,1840. The Perilous Committee of Thirty three were la 0808108 several hours to day—Mr. Humphrey ia the chair most of thetime. Mr. Rust's proposition was the first in order, vix:—to restore the Missouri oompromiee line,and extend it to the Pacific, aad protect slavery south of it. The discussion was of a conversational nature, the remarks ot hardly any member ruing to the dignity of a speech. The conversation was participated la by Rust, Houston, country, and la language at once clear, vigorous and Brtotow, Nelson, Milleon, Tappan, Mono, Kellogg and, she says that she wiB watt oat ef her^nwa volition Texas was eagaged in a war of revolution with M-x ,ola that, gave her tea dollars, aad yet Texas now presumes, noon IVice President Breskinridge la earnestly of Thirteen. Heia makingThe impression generally prevalM that upon this committee will the responsibility rest of the settlement of the questions at issue between the two sections.The President teat to list Senate today the name of Edwin M. Stanton as Attorney-General.trresofthe If theCtoiersJ8cotttemo8twith them ear odes of i,anasyet,«n- ltotanataly, without imparting to the political cloud asilver lining.Governor Floyd, Secretary of War, % ia roceipsjofhighly Impoilapji asspatches from Charleston. That they are of moment I have every assurance.The New York members are agate Mi caucus to-night at Willard's, with a determination to do something by way of compromise, or break up altogether.regrets this difference of opinion. Both gentlemen ex! change friendly assurances.Brevet Lieut Col. Walker has resigned from the army.gue that a State could not go out of the Union by its own volition, and said that such was the opinion of the founders of the government. Mr. Johnson here read extracts from the writings of Mr. Madison to show thatHe was at the time in command of the United States Ar- such was the opinion of Mr. Madison. He quoted arsosenal in Georgia, of which State he to a native.Edward MoGowan, delegate elect from the Territory ofArinona, has arrived here.CONPPEENCE OP THE NEW YORK DELEGA- TION.WaaBixGitw, Dee. 19, Ufa. Aa adjourned meet ng of the New Tort delegation wasfrom letters of Mr. Jefferson on the same subject, to show that it was net nocessary to give the government power to enforce the laws Mi a State, as they had it by the law of the nation. Mr. Johnson claimed that the power to enforce the tows was ex- pressly delegated by the States to the general government. If any State sets itself up hi opposition to this power, it is aggression and rebellion. If the gove.nment fails to per- form its duty in this respect, it to at an end. Mr. John Son here quoted further from the opinion ef Judge Mar thai! to strengthen his position. He also railed attention to the vfcws of Jackson sad Webster on this subject. TheWasHDKrroir, Dec. 19,1860. The adjourned meetmg of the New York delegation wasmails, the federal government has a right and the an thortty to carry the mails. If she resists the collection of revenue in the port of Charleston or any other ports,held to-night atWillard's. Messrs. Cochrane, Maclay, then the government has a right, to enter andthat this to a part of the scheme of producing, with the within the well talk of tilings as they are, for scope of the constitution, is not levying war upon the assistance of similar meetings in the Pennsylvania, Ohio, government treason? Is not attempting to take the pro-Indiana and Illinois delegations, a public opinion through- perty of the government and expel the government sol-measures may be taken here for the proper extension of out the North favorable to coercion. In the other States diei s therefrom treason? Is not attempting to resist the collection of the revenue, attempting to exclude the time for the exchange of ratifications. they have failed thus far, while in New York they have mails, and drivirg the federal courts from her bordersA private letter received in this city from the IHrte- secured the opinions only of those members who have treason? What is it? I ask, in the name of the constitu-.,fcwr de Affaires PolUiques In the Foreign Office of France heretofore acted with them. The New York city delega- tion, what is it? It is treason, and nothing but treasons would not march with the Senator (Johnson) in hisreveals a curiously minute knowledge of steps taken, and tion arc averse to coercion.If a Bute, by its own volition, go out of the Union, what bloody march. He claimed that' Washington was a se- is the government worth? But under the phrase "sece.< I ceder when be went to Philadelphia and left the con-the case of the Southern States, as in all other cases, the iL/ado governments of those States, and that the policy which has united the slaveholding empire of Brasil no closely with the empire of France will be pur- sued In regard to the slaveholding republic of the South. The inipress.on of the imperial government is that Eng- land may put sue a different course, of the results of which France will gladly avail herself to devetope her own o u-.n.ercial marine und manufacturing resources atmatter of opinion. I bave tried to show what this Jfr. .Secretary Ttumpton WW, not lUsign—A Flan far tke doctrine of secession is. Madison, who was called thefore the 4th of March. This, it Is to be hoped, will put inflicted upon the remaining States. If this doctrine beto deplore and condemn very soon. The President does remaining States are Involved in the disestrous conse- humble servant and watte over hto dead body ng the place where the prisoner was engaged *•*« than aay which can appertain to that or any oih*r C,< i ; .t.a in the event of an attempt on the part of the au- not withhold himself from the responsibility to which quences, then the doctrine comes up, can a State, without before vou can do it." (Applause, and cries w.th the same crowd: the prisoner ground his teeth at*«* »t the present crisis thorities or that State to prevent the collection of the B* v.il immediate'y proceed to South Carolina. und<«r revenues at the port oi thaiketon.regard to the constitution, secede, and so endanger the of "Good'"' in the galleries.) We looked forward as fondly witness and used abusive language; the prtonnsr ran into the Intelligencer threatens he will bo held, however safety and prosperity of toe remaining States? It comes as ever father looked for a beloved son or daughter toMr.T o o n s ,(app.)of Ga., made htoappearancein thedoes not care how many are recaptured Irom_THIKTY-S1MTH OOMdsUBM. efjamsan BM8B10H.Mr. rtomtnaiisaJd, whatever may be the defects of this law, this amwimitoiliai to required to meet con- tracts.Mr. WicFALL said he corrected the statement the other held to-night. Mr. Hoard was in the chair, and Mr. Has- government was sailed Into existence by States, and day.k in was made secretary Mi place of John Cochrane. Thefollowing were present:—Messrs. Carter, Humphrey,could not he broken up by a single State. The const if; tion was intended to be perpetual. When Congress, in 1788, passed a tow taxing distilleries, a part of the peo-Mr- JOHXSOX said he corrected it wrong then.Mr. WioK.u i said if the Senator choose to pervert facts, be could not help it.What iscaark B. Cochrane, Graham, ConkUng, Duell, Hoard, Has- between and resistance by the whole people a Stat-.The talk now to about the coercion of a State only, but h? the reason for disunion? Because our man was notR. Reynolds, Spaulding and Fenton. was absent.The city delegationwouid have wanted to break up the Union; but Mr. Lin-coln is elected, and now they say they will break up theUnion. He said no. What was there to fe.r? Mr. Lincoin was a minority President. Let South Carolina sendher Senators back. and Mr. Lincoln cannot even make aCabinet without the consent of the Senate. Was he to besuch a coward as to retreat when it was evident theSouth had the power in their own hands. Washe to be so cowardly as to desert a nobleband at the North who stood by the'South onprinciple? Yet, for a temporary defeat it is pro- apprentice or slave. Let us do nothing to increase thisgross enforced the lews, but there was no talk about the coercion of a State. Mr. Johnson here read from the proclamation of Washington to show that be considered the tows should he enforced and that the Union w:is inseparable. General Wasnington sent 16,000 men to put down rebellion. That is the way Washington enforced the tows. Suppose that the whole people of the State of Pennsylvania had rebelled, would it not haveOne of the pleasing signs la favor of Union is the num tutional obligations of every section of the Union; and rebellion against MM laws of the United States. Mr.Resolved, That In the opinion of this delegation thepeople of the State of New York are in favor of protect- been just as constitutional to enforce the tows against ing the constitutional rights, and of enforcing the consti- the whole as a part of them? In 1832 there was anotherIt was understood the following named members, who were unavoidably absent, approved of the resolutions:— Messrs. Van Wyekc. Beale, Olin, Irvine, Eley and Lee.ANOTHX* ACCOl'NT OP THE PROCEEDINGS.enforce the law. If she undertakes to take pos- session of the property of the government, the government has a right to take all means to retainthat property ? If she cecedes and makes any attempt of this kind, does she nut come within the meaning of thewould not march under the bloody banner of the Senator from Tennessee to trample South Carolina under foot. On the contrary, he would find them ready to meet him there and repel his bloody hand. They would say to him, you shall not subjugate a gallant State struggling for her rights—rights denied them in the Union. (Apptouse in the galleries.) The President elect was elected simply because ot his hate to the South. Is it surprising then that the gallant State of South Carolina should resist? He here served notice on the North, that she cannot carry a United North to invade a State fighting for her rights. He knew some- thing of the people of Tennessee, and be knew that theyfederation. A whiskey insurrection was not to be com- pared to the action of a sovereign State. The issue in the late election was the resolutions of the Sena- tor fr»m Mississippi (Davis). He (Mr. Lane) thought that the Southern States had good reason to complain and take action, and they would do eo, whether it was liked or not, and be would never draw his sword to coerce them for it. Mr. Lane here read from Mr. Lincoln's speeches to show his (Lincoln's) hatred of slavery andleigh yesterday evening, assured some anxious inquirers all deny the doctrine, and yet we are told the South. The Senator from Tennessee looked toMr. Secretary Thompson, who left Washington for Ra- denies this doctrine. Jeflcrson, Webster and Claywithout any regard to the woe and misery that may beDISPATCH,,008. It, 1800.iuhtoeflbrtsMr. Pmure, (opp.) of Mo., was willing to vote for the , for the reason that Congress ought to iSeaavte.Wassimnojf, Dec. 10, i860Mr. JOKES, (opp.) of Ga.. remarked that paying Liberto liberalry for the care of recaptured Africans has the effect of tocreasing the number of <the more captured the more money t:"fearful." Conscious that he is discharging his d'.ty up. then, whether the States are Mi condition, or whether the reconstruettoa of the government. He argued the meat shop, seized a butcher's cleaver and ran <op toperfect freedom of travel and transit with theta- servants, the right to the delivery up of fugitive slaves, and the additional safeguard that no act affecting the peculiarinterest*oftheSouthshouldbecomeswith blood? How many victories aid we w i n -PRICE TWO CENTS.: the Committee on Psbbe lands te I cted with the Surveyor <be dispensed with.bill.Mr. Sssautas, (rep) of Ohio, offered aa amendmentappropriating fm,0Ofi to carry oat the tow for the sup- presses of tM Afrkwn stove trade.vedtioa, to watt ont of the Union. Were thereparties te the compact? DM we take la CdltfornU andTexasjust to benefit them? Nay; the compact was reelprocal for the benefit of the State, aad having enteredinto the compact, they have no right to withdraw without the consent of the other States. He referred to thepurchase of the Territory of Iintoians for $1*,000 000.protectiswitwhitoaTerrkcrysndsrhwwttnBtoaaadtato priety of the law, but as to its execution. The Secretary intotheUnion. Yet,saMhe,nowittoIcan go out, and perhaps attemptto close the iMississippi from the great West.Mr.Bunau.saidthatnoperson Inrestrict the free navigation of the Mississippi river.Mr. Jomwos—Perhaps there is no wish to restrict the navigation BOW, but who can teU the change that circum- stance may maker These States, before they were ad-mitted into the Union, were held as territories aad provMssea. Suppose they go out now, what condition dothey place themselves in? Are they States, or do they goback to the condition of Territories? It was oae of theprinciples of the government to appropriate territory ifit was Mi danger of being occupied by the enemies ofthe government, or if necessary to the governmentfrom its geographical position. Mr. Johnson herequoted the Ostend letter as setting forth that gets. Therefore, the Secretory of the Colonization ge- doctrine l a regard to Cuba. The principle wUla p p l y t o L o u i s i a n a o r S o u t h CarolMia. i f e i t h e r secede, sad thereby endanger the government The go- vernment has, under this principle, te seise and bold them as provinces. Mr. Johnson then referred te the speech of ex-Governor Manning, of South Carolina, in which he said, "Cotton to King, and. if necessary, the army and navy of England aad France will be called upon to protect Its culture and transportation ' Is this government prepared for a state of things like this? Mr. Johnson then quoted from the proclama tion of the Governor of Arkansas, "about the secret workings by the British government in this ooun try to promote disunion," Bnt is the United States to be told by a State that the army and navy of England and France shall be brought here to pro- tectthatState? Canthegovernmentpermitthis without a violation of the law of self-preservation? Has South CarolMia any right to draw her sister States into one common ruin? Mr. Johnson here quoted from Gover- nor Gist's Message and from Mr. Keitt's speeches to show that such was the intention. He (Johnson) would tell South Carolina that as far as Tennessee was concerned,tillMr. Marxian, (opp.) of Tenn., said the stove trade iaot carried oa between this oountry and the eoast of Africa. He was aot aware that a single cargo of slaves, except by the yacht Wanderer, was ever landed la tho United States. The trade was carried on between Africa and perhaps two or three provinces in the denaMrtoa ot Ppein. England, by her treaty with Spate, can, if aha choose, close those porta tomorrow, or as tarty as her lEclination prompts. England, also, has treaties extending all along the African eoast, closing that part of the world to the stove trade. Bnt by her connivance, aot to say participation, thtt traffic to permitted te be carried on, white the United states government, by treaty, to made from time to time playthepartofpoliceontheseastocapturestoversst an expense of nearly a million of dollars a year. This is an attitude hi which the government ought not to beplaced, and it to one that Congress should take steps to obviateMr. Psvou, (opp.) of Va., would refuse te pay any more appropriations until there was a reform Mi this sjwteei of providicg for the maintenance of recaptured Africans. The republic of Liberia to hi the extremity of b'ing swamped with these shirtless cannibals. He was for giving Liberia an opportunity of illustrating her capacity for self-government. He approved of the plan of GreatBritain, namely:—taking recaptured Africans into quasi apprenticeship.Mr. SBESJUE, (rep.) of Ohio, explained that the appro- priations asked for was to carry out an existing tow and contract. It was not compulsory on Liberto to take care of recaptured Africans. If she does not wish to be thus burdened fshe osa refuse to receive such Africans, sad the President can make a contract with any other party.Mr. Brmnrrr, (opp.) of Ky., said that the law passu at the last session waa net only inhuman but cruel.' It re- quired recaptured Africans to be oarried immediate!v back (o Africa And their mortality on shipboard was about seventy per cent. He was willing to rote money we ac-i a Southern or any oth r i to consider about it. He i that Tennessee would either. If the slavery, the first dissolve m Union. The existence of tinvery demand! a preservstlon of the Union. What protection will the border States have If the Union to dissolved, whose projerty to at stake and whose iutorests are most endangered? If a division were commenced, where would it stop? BatherMr. JomrsoN objected to further interruption.stand by the Constitution and the Union.Mr. PTGB obtained the floor, but yielded it to Mr. lane. Mr. LANK, (opp.) of Oregon, said that be could notexpect to r«-ply to the Senator from Tennessee. ThereMr. WAsanrmr, (rep.) of HI.. offered a resolution, the the request of the contestants' counsel be wrote hto now many trophies did wo bruig hack—the Senate concurring, that when they adjourn to-morrow it signature. Thto was objected to by the presxmoat'arprovtoton than that which now exists lorS ot the American Colonisation thO government of Liberiacharge nearly 3,800 recaptunred .Africans, sad rsMoaly re- carved $27,000. Unless a speedy provision be made, Ml the name of Liberia be wvouldb! e uomsaBod to a r t i s tOther witnesses gave similar testimony. www.fultonhistory.com 