 TUKBPAT. KOT. >, IMP. TBB MBW>TOSK mBB.todlBs,^3ta^ sadi^shsAloyglf.TOBK.rSS^'tJ>ntma6(tfaTcoart of General flea-meat•Tka Tote of tke State. MosaAT-P. M.Patlhhal In th* Tm* B«aiiB|, Croaltet tka City;and(Hend,l^^til^t «f anfy X«a ittBmar.authoritylKS:SrSS:3£2- AMaacaMn_*U«decides the PresidenUal em home, he unhesitatingly counseled resis- Eyeiy other Northern State la sur- tance to the Administration of a Republicanoutbreaks the ntimber, cliaiacter, and disposi-thMVi'g TSUAia-PnMa Aia FAaor—^nmB aftBimi-<airr tUsmiraa.WAUJUin~nBAnB—PuiiB* wm ram.HIW MJfl^BVT THK&TBE—VoLi PnoHiB—Tai Feuk IntM TmWfnwTTionr—OoMissrosaWira.nowhile frompossiblemy.and the Tote ofBoroideon Uie odier. The Lradon Timet speaks of thearticle as "Napoleon'squiet reply to the divine-yet asiaaia^ ' with a Jesuitical profession of regard for jus- would have been much more astonished if he subject to the laws of Great Britain, it was daeU-i.-.,^.«i«rti—freight engagementsofMr.i2^2at'2rir^*Sr"ci.r^5«£^ ofshyowners. «"Jefferson, Wayne, Monroe, Livingston,that that section of theDemoerstieIMf•SBfOTiMSSrcALiroianA Pricje,f^TM, ^tofastidioua,Brealnc.great enormoushas hurt During out the interior,thetion ofevent, BreeMnridge ying; ofthiaState win, fs Oakfwrof other journals printed iahls owncast as large a vote aapurpose of controlling the Demoerstie hereafter. It if c'^epI"It is' to'H.tATMONl) ft CO.. Kew-YoikTo-DaythepoairiMe,*tenroundingsrepelpeTke EleeUoB nnlrerasUjftr <Mr <cMaarPAOBOK I"n«ww.THAi*iMW.^ What moat' to, taA ttaBBMdeooM.aoofinnar»ej«e*e?"'TM="J,"21 eventsinadranoe. Buithe8jje SJ^to-iotRfm^ SaSEl sTSjEtoaC<irti*aeaaaofJo« knows of theofSudinia ferUiewont. Ther«HHbohM»*ftom v*omtmnmrttvuiballot that by It he kwt power by the IndlgaaaiToiee of a free peo^, That (tie traaqai^ reaorwd aadwas dona.Italy,fraaoUao,aaid. «K«. ay iMtMa3*. The Stock Market was firmer yesterday, andquestian.tion ofthe actual arepolice ample guarantees ideat Oen. Labb will be and the dispensa-,in prices equal to an aTerageof thepeople that decision atwhich monaiolis BK^Ma'•vtobii—PrloiTwoOian,McrtdatUM ratherfirmer. Nochangefibnetheratesfor fearthatthe ofSardinia'sthefactaocounta forthat remarlcaUeQaakerkeep their voluntary ptedga towaiga.Thb BBECKtsBinoB Stais Tmhw.—We aremitmA,9mPark-mr,SyraaatadHuMnthetaprovementNew-YoAHoB. H. J. Batxobb—i)Mr air : Mr. B. L..M.diapro-atoc^ aaAiti.TM nnr-TOBK mas (D%Str) U poMblMd erery cZSZm: Erie S3 per cent,;OwmTn-*- —"~"'~*^TTlTliiinr nonW-TOBK mas (Swl-WMUyMrnn DoL-market King action will Money. have more weight with the world than theU asofthe totheentire votinginthe mainwith bewfllbesoretomake Urn,the*Ooixam. M Ctmt tf riTB "^ jerMn *«r SKOM «s «a*ra ctinfor kimulf, or ntamSales of Flour, Wheat and Com ware mora aneera of diplomatists, and the doubtsCity aod in tho- country.male adults in the rural districts would beuat>ywr;tmeeflwtoaM«ddnMforriTi 4i« fiwi« tito vOI MMl wPrices of Flour and Corn ware Desirable lots of Wheat were qolteof men who do not understand the age in which theyTreason at WaaUagtoa.Th» nnr-TOBK TOOS (Weekly)-Two Dp"*?,• wasMetals,OllaandNavalStores. Whiskyvrasmorewhom I have not seen since voted.that have been put in ciroalatfo* by iateresteA parties, that ib» Bre«ddBiid«» airf Lsas AsMr Ticket has not beea withdraw*, birt tta* it will be run in this sad tho.rr^. '^'7T"'„TMin the Cabinet. „—The fact thatSecretary Cobb, the leadingnn« rSr cent, on the BaUway Sharesextensive.ed higher.firm and buoyant. Barley and Oata were (Ming Uve. better. Bye was dapieased. A limltad burinessfound to have done their duty at the poOswhile in town lesa than three-fiftha usually requestedIn Cotton, Pnirisions, Groceries, inquired for, as were alao Har and Hops. ThewereMr.my return on Saturday night, has been misin- formed. I have expressed no such opinion,reportedBablow,for himNo'«Be has a moment's doubt aibotitthe event of Mr. Lihcoln's election.futionopposition through- by renderingthe'patroaageprottouBcebymajorities,faSinto the of tho Partnia will roteforhim by atleast 80,000major-we have the full Waahington, par-"-'rml down "PrealdeBt" TttsisavaitKrave,tf aetCBtai,«iNir o tickets so indoned. Tba Eleetonl ooket is l»vote of the whole interior, that nothing less in official position, avowed their active sym- aomatT TBIATBE—Sriuuia k Bmiu' CiMoa. than forty or fifty thousand against him in the pathy.Smftir-%cannot, your safetynotUagtocan cast a shadow of doubt on the result TwiM-^MilbbT—JaoraAniu Bunacs. in the State at large.The revelation of thisthe Union, in which Mr. Cobb's most in-faction of Know-Nothings, in reference toews ia not of an important character. According and the ultra Pro-Slavery ;ifarrf*, saw at the gards it as a grave insult to the South. In therigkt demonstration at Warsaw." From Italy theexpiringthem, yetta a lalR|iam from Naples, dated the 33d ult., hopes are aatnCkteed that Capua will soon be evacuated bytheBoyaltroops. Weareoncemoreassured dIMi*PopehasnointentionofleavingBorne. TVAaatdan wax preparations in Yenstia are be- inc eairiad oot upon a stupendous scale, and the iiaiiUMialwi aUoagiy piwvHs that she wfll soon ac- tliWi inteifere againstthe Revolution. OurEng- lish, French, and German correspondence, receiv«l by the Adriatic, presents a full review of all the European news of the day.who had so much money, and was so willing lavt made them so, ami tUs haa taaaa thssShs^The readers of the TiliBS do not need to be in- formed that the Presidential election takes place this day. As pertinent to the occasion, we pub- Udi thisdistrict,utterlya variety of matter bearing on the straggle, prominent among which will be found telegrams ana letters from various of the Southern States, giving a reflex of the condition of sentiment in the various localities from which they are for- warded. The Governor ofSouth Carolina, it will bemorningm demanding, throughof liis wealth. Histion.The merchants of the City in favor of LiNCOLV'SAfewacknowledged potency elected President, viz Virginia prompt- which that the candidates arelywelcomed-iiy the Mormons, with whom he isFauidiks, at tba fsot of Dutebaas-avona. Tke troSalt Lake City. It is the declared intention of head of anVicioa Emanuel, descend- nation, which audaciously insists that theis *ot elected and the contest to-day,those who uttered them. As itthat both the financial and the political woridBkishax to recommence the Temple next Spring.buildingof thethan if by the uni-13, but they are unusually destitute ofrestricted, owing,adls- byeitherhimaelforhisfriends. WehaveitonCity throoi^oat State at aU hazards. It U deemed ioiportsal._,thee shail Bot ten a lie inIk Vm^Pnk Iwef, ginaii>^r» y<w»<wber 6. lagi.B4Binnro XUSStrV-Dar and SreBluc—SiAUU CitymoaVkt^ OAIIPBKLL'8, NiUo'i 8ala«n—EmapiAa The most remarkable feature of the canTass timate, personal and political friends are Bell, in order to secure the privilege of giv-CANAM'IBBT-l'V- Of <>» jSm»ii»»«."has been as to the effect of the dis- place exclaim with the philosopher of old, Eureka,has been the fact that the Republicans are the engaged, has been made by a gentle- 3i»-WiiinoeK's Pb» Oauut only organized party in the field. Theirs is man of highly respectable character, a the only platform of principles and the only Virginian by birth, and a Missourian by adop- candidate for which any citizen has a chance tion, whose education, family connections, and to vote. The Opposition to Lincoln are united social position, command for his statementsto the man of their choice.Tlie only question I have heard raised in theof Maryland, that Slavery is the cause of our— :For Electors," but the indorsement is proparty given above.A liast War4 t* aaek aa D*a>t Kaew What Ta Da.7b (*« Editor of tile New-York Timet :Many people strongly and conseientiooslfNSWa OF THE DAY.Tka •teanuhip Adri4Uie, from Southampton oncountiyunion panic, and the amount of the fraudulentEureka—1 have found it—IMa of October, arriTed at this port yesterdayNo man can tell whatIt is in vain, therefore, to attempt to disregard unworthywonder-workingthemondngvbrmging days'any political principle.would follow their success,— principlesfive later mails, and three later advicea tkan those receivedbythewhat would come into the ascendant,^whatbe moreTlie Bepublicans of the interior promise todays*Prmee'Atberl, at St. JohnsPsTfta, bam Liverpool on the 28th, was inter- cepted yaeteiday off Cape Bace by the news yacht of tfaa Aasociated Press. A large portion of this DMndng's Tixia is devoted to the news, whichTfieyWashingtonproblem—It is a vun hopeFor if it be and riglito< eOBiidei^leinterest. It isreportedfrom—— you dare not, for your manhood forbids It youon thebe resorted to in cases of even trivial inmoilaaeo when it has been once demonstrated that they areHungary la concerned, it is not believed that the restorattOB of s portion of her ancient privileges will quell the spirit of insurrection and revolutionmercial disaster.beginbenefit of Its rich fruits. The imagination is dazzled ond bewildered in contemplating the brilliant destiny that awaits us in a SoMhem Confederacy,the African Slave-trade and ageneral protaetioa of;and the steamshiptocapitalihiB true aHdonly preservative ofproper to prohibit it, and we are deterred by ezhibitiaaa of Southern excitement and violence, vriiat is to prevent the same exhibitions hareafiai,in order toandwhileCabinetstermining what shall be done withmarches aoroaa another Babicon, and offera tospiritBuohaxan, Is board,still much in the;and Courts are de-about It.aad tUBult aa abMnination, ahoold foregoupon no candidate, nor do they agree upon the implicit confidence of all who know him. vote, in the City. In the country, theldisuniontomagic growth, bM to our slave institutions. Men of opposed extending Slavery, mi believing ia (hsman would take the guidance of public affairs. In-arevncontradicted. The Constitution, the organ of the Administra-easilyfrightened.a member of disunionism, con- greater confusion than ever. Instead of end- firms it by the daily promulgation of similar ing the Presidential contest it would only be sentiments. The conductor of that journal, tTarssw ttat the Imperial Conferences had been just commenced. The agitation throughout an Englishman by birth, is in full sjrmpathy satisfactory to the illastrioxis personages concern- the country would be greater, more riolent and with the plotters of treason. The following ed, aad tte the principle of a European Congress more ruinous to business than ever before, extracts leave no room for doubt on this had baaa agreed upon. The promulgation of a new and we might look forward to a Winter of point. The Constitution ot Saturday lastCoBstitatkin at this time by the Emperor FkaxoisJoBMta U deemed significant, though, as far as political turmoil,ished republicanform of government in its original puritydeed the only result of electing the Fusion tion,My own opinionandin a beauty—word,this'great gift of Ood',"WiU you,ticket would be to throwwelarge grasp of your Northern foe, by a base submission to coerce us when we cannot yield vvithout baeoBiiBCsult.most of those men who have been raisingproperty everywhere.recalled k«t repieaentative from Turin. There was exeiise for pressing it with so much seal. cial organ comments as followsthey utterlytotally suppressSlaveryis defended in theandaruBMtbatGreatBritainwascommittedtothe"but the London Timet indig- nantly daniea its truth, and in an article,But no such result is anticipated, or evenThis kind of language supposes the men at the South to be mere cowardly braggarts, who talk loud Inol de^otitQi against Italy on the one hand, or inbehalf of iev<dation against constitutedaadiorityfor violence, furnishes aeverythingin the State atH. J. R. Law and Order in Baltimore.ask, permitIt to be torn from the rathless you byand com- quotes the Business men in this Citybusinessstagnationto see this tendency and dread the re- If the defeat of Lincoln would end the."there every day. We pub- contest, or put the matter in the way of a such a hue and cry about dissolution will UveslaveThe Slave States even nowthat islish, ajBOng our extracts, the Prussian and Russian peaceful solutionbehalfof the revolution in Italy. Bussia only has there would be some show of tive this text the offi- Adsainistration, neighborhoods." Uponleaders of the whole crusade have been a that Mr. Lincoln will beand—Thi Thihd Distbict. ^The contest in thefar from vindicating ofsointo^- Cabinet from the chargetheremark fromvertiser that Mr. Lincoln will be quietly in-theymake a speech, or to avow his sentiments in private conversation, where they have theamong some thirty States, what may we not expect it existsandarere-If the cause of Slavsry'«xtensioB tiiumpha at this election, it is most certain tliat the two otherdemands will be made, namely, the reennqitiaB ofthe Commercial augurated on the 4th of March next, and thatnm a ticket of their own, with their own can- In the same paper of the day preceding, we ofnor off the course. But if in opening the Territories to Sfanrs^ «oboughtTheeanvasaispsehoMythe mostopeasad adoptdateandapoBtheirownplatform,theywould findaspeechbyVx.DeBow,theconductorcutpiiaeiplepiwft| aShave had at least 20,000 more votes than thethe Review, from which we take theextract" I do not see any hope of averting a dissolution ofabsBieieee sttec^it to bay a Ooagrearioaalwillthe organization, the strength and the prestigeFusion ticketget,:recommends^n view ofthe provable election of Lis- eminently national and conservative,—and its John Brow-n raid, was not very promisingCOLH, that they remain in session until the result isknown, and that they then take such action as willenable South Carolina to meet the emeri;ency iu a agitation of the Slavery question than anywith to check its increase.\ir^.—proper manner, which the Governorernment,yet heard from that lion. I have great respect for Vir-likelyekteoding Slavery ? Tet now he refuses no longer, not be-believes to bebyimmediatesecession. ExcitementyesterdayIt seeks no interference but aims onlyfians in assailing the new party with brickswas running very high in Baltimore. Meetings of Slavery,c;an andwhensheIsbroughttotheelec-and stones!It is, therefore,clear that theallderstood that a tremendous struggle will be made and conservative statesman, pledged by by the Administration men to carry Maryland forPlug-Ugly rowdyismnot an abstract sentiment of the editor's appropriately^parties—his tion, none doubt what she will do. She has permitted Abolitionists to find a home In her midst, and they par-interestingintelligence. The priests all over Hayti are preach- the sovereignty of a nation to the vote of thesuccess wUI do more to suppress the sectionalproposalor to fairand theorganown conscience aif, very while ago, hs hadother result.—were held throughout the rity. It is un- Its candidate is an eminently just, upright side pressureCandidatesare in nomina- cause he has come to but approve,versal suffrage. ror of Francethethe ofand it is fortunate, peal with the usual commonplaces therefore, Republicanthatwill ba moreand would have heldstruggle,protectitaiter the contest was over.half the victory inures to their copartners, and aof thethe Union, after the election of Lincoln, unless Vir-A.Sit is, even if the Fusion ticket should succeed, ginia would come forward and say to her sisters*partyIn the mean- outStay your movements at secession, and we loUl unite time a new party has sprung up, em- public life,theand the ofGov.Wissto raise MinuteMenandarm the State, for the purpose of fighting an Abolition Gov-ginia, but sheonly be broughtintoaction by out-elections to-day.was tion for the Bench who would much morebecause he has beenmadetofeardisasterto theUnionfromthe violence of those who insist on the extension.but it is sure for Bill opinions, his declarations and liia life against alyze her. Her true sons admit it, and urge other mind, but a special objection founded on the and as rigid party discipline seems to be the Bbickucridoe, probablyit he will be able to resistBepublicansPlug-Ugly enterprise.—The inevitable exhor- very gladly have seen and aided some move-willnotbe more iomiinent then than if resistance should dataimproved condition of the police of that city, we shall be able to ascertain what their exact streagth b.Tliis treasonable speech was made before—and that confidence will tlie Jackson Democratic Association, at Wash- tation to votersAt the special request of a number of prominent not be misplaced or betrayed. citizens of Georgia, the United States Arsenal atPresident's, or rather in Mr. Cobb's, organ, on the 2d inst., under circumstances whichin that State, has been placed in posses-ers,;and the Arsenal at Fayette-their great civic duty, and be quieUy enjoying movement waa attempted in any form likely least,any invasion of Southern rights and any States to take that lead which, In the days of 76 ororder of the day, there is great danger thatofBaltimorein-tend to vote a straight ticket, and in the present denial of Southern justice. The whole coun- *96. l>elonged to her."andEvBKitTT. Theoftry has confidence in his honor and hia fidelityNowis thetimetobefor once, be spared. ment, irrespective of party, to preserve the even with referaiee to demands not yet ouds, but ington, on the 29th ult., and appears in the Before this issue of the Tihis reaches its read- honor and integrity of our Judiciary from the sure to come in the future, if encouraged by pres-to the Constitution:may,multitudes of them will haveirii^jthe last conceded that the rote of State, that during a recent visit to his South- days, and have everywhere seen unmistakableto-dayrendered to Lurcour. The West wiU President, and recession from the Union in organized efibrt are on that side. TheNew- hia visit to this City a few daysentiretycontrol of Oia y.ago rendered it absolutely certain that Pennsylra- presence of several gentlemen of his partyany Xngiinid State,— lastaaonthgreeahie ittehdimts than the delay to which of principle, or to advocate the election of the enhanced lisi of electors exposes every-he made to reiterate the same views in thethe official re- paperherather than eneonnter sach oeme to the taUe, Broad-Maa;As Eaaoa—Several of our cotannoiaiies Wv«Indeed,all theenergy,confidencemoreover, thatif Libcolb ia not thenextPrsa^?TM»BPP»«ewB "W»^!W1JB1J>, 111,1.1 i.iJJiuu«;>»9fc-'-<li»u/i'^lSW^ ^.V^ »^--v~'~*— 7."*'flm Umaif{•: mk Tb(9r-wri^'w««»aB^«q^«*ttbdr ifitUt, was left on fte gtooai, to dofiuther A«"C^5SlW,awd for the Board of A**I;M« onlyitaS wwTagaJB postponed nnffl Jan. W. Savoy. Tot he la willing to abide by its judf- and we shall Oen Me wkat they win do iaea, to whom sB erowds an an abhoTTsnoe, flised faikof ttiisBxchan«. and ministers were so long in arriving. We Basis* told me this aftarBDOB,OBtt« steps of the As- portion wUch was obaerved between the ratio if he has BOt iarlted the DlsanieaiBtB to te-quot-chief-ly, to the scarcity of shiproom and the high clahns unionlst, open and above is not denied nor do I entertain it. I have visited Onondaga,thatetorabom the waatem partof the State, that Lnr- oourooold not carry Naw-Toik State. This state- ment is ntada pubUely ia Wall-street and is doing us great harm. If It Is not true you ooght to oontradlet It ia to-morrow's Tuas. Your Mend, H. C. B.say OSoa,yougaveyouropinionyourconspiracy against tricts are disgusted at being compelled to givetocommentonthediscoveryofaMr.McLean, "gaining groundprotests againat the intervention of Piedmont in else or settle the principles and policy of the become the laugUng-stocks of their respec- crime. They seem to forget that in aH the caricature of the general style in which Slavery it is a logical caBsequmce that the inqKir-;electanybodyheartily:nents is heralded forth as the most unheard-of is written in sober earnest. It is simply a there hence if the whole continent be opanadto—ifit wouldto beashamed of themselves, and tocient in laborers ; forpeaceablytheir business at the South than about saving quoted throws out no threat that the traitors or—of the Re-inaugurated, and that the preachers of treason form Party in that city, though less prone than Tliird Congressional District is assuming a:•amsnot vary con^liinentary to Prussia, de- The simple truth is, the politicd partiee and they come to confront the issue. The men who use convicted before Judge Lynch, on negro testi- umns to this sharp attack on an institution them have tlie ofp^lcy,it wUI be— advance, but who humble themselves Instantly when Slavery in sentiment, and hang them when headlonglong into the trap, and opens its col- of the States in the Union is denied while soma atclaimed by his oi^osents.iused; for,the plauably urged, eqaaUty—elana Hat England would not follow In especially the Douglas Democrats, have this insulUng langqafc will find their mistake." mony. Yet if a Democratic procession should wUchprivilegebecoming popsdoaato dissolve the Union for tha lead of any despotism. An article in the Paris been made to play a purely subordinate part Such is the comment which the organ of the be jostled in the streets in a Northern city, we the purpose of preserving.CoiMtilMtOMie/, under the head of " French Poli- in this whole Fusion movement. The active Administration makes upon the suggestion should not hear the last of it for six months.and others arewith white laborers, neUMtadfrom acquiring a corresponding number of aagto slaves, and then well hear just such a yaQ as stuns us now.in is supposed to have emanated from cy Baly,"it proposesmade if we admit the that al took very much by surprise those of his own princ^lequietlytae SaoMlor himaidf. It shows that the propercourse Mr Fiance is non-intervention, and explaus firm of dry goods merchants in tliis City,the inqiosaibility of her interfering either in belulf who have cared far more about advertising will be laughed at. The Republican paper most Southern Democratic organs to counsel very curious shape. Mr. Mathxb's withdraw- property everywhere,- it will certainly heing eighteenrapid national progressin thefrom this end of the State.Citymaytake care of anything under 75,000 majorityIs that lascoL-N'swill not be less than 40,000.out more violence and intolerance, when, people crypower to punish himbut the faintestmajorityindica- tion of intolerance manifested by their oppo-PHILO-CUFFY." No man can suppose for a moment that thisare defi. whit* emigrants will net go;existingtheoutset that their only chance of salvation lay same issue of the organ, the leading editorial,in fastening themselves upon the Democratic headed " New-York to the Rescue," threatensPartyandbeingkeptffomutterextinctionby disunionintheeventofLincoln'selection,by mentedtheabsenceoflawandorder,andin beennominatedinMatrbb'splace,is aman opinionofthepeopleinaUtheStates,unUjastsi its strength. If the Deuglas Democrats had the strongest implication, in every sentence. sisted that Baltimore was forever ruined and of different temper, and will neither be driven this present time.foDowiag After;threats they may beBut let each- aak Ida:gan,power.We therefore maysuchthey themselves become powerless. For the amendmmts of the Constitution as wilt secure us in all them foreign-born citizens, of whose rights opponent is a practical business man, an oldvritk yot*Douglas Democrats, Fusion Is the gravest thefuture, and, failing in that, pledge ourselves to gomistake a political party ever committed.seen,inhismessagetotheLegislatureofthatState, TheattitudeoftheRepublicanPartyis herrejectionoftheCarolinaproposition,aftertheshe succeed in election.the at issue carrying points>ia thisam unabletosay. Itwa.sproperforVirginiatolead,butresident of the and in Ward,every way It will notOur "Fusion" friends may (and maaa what saywith you,'' Such an offer might have the effect. IBut the newseems to deprive it of all claim to justice, ehould not be elected.Convention,bracing thousands of citizens, and most of the Sun has all along professed to be thestrengthRepublicanAugusta,sion of Federal troopsviUe, N. C, is to be occupied by a company of the The influence that American example is warrant the assumption that it is fully ap- the consciousness of a day well spent. But -to make it effectual. Individual votes will be rection will follow the many menaces tiiat hsveUniversal SnflVage in Europe.that if Linooui be elected, no actual tnsnr- ft)T Judicial candidates without been hurled at us; whereas, should he be defeat-Second Cavalry, at the reijuest of citizens of that having on European politics is manifest in proved by the editor. It seems, then, that place. This movement is intended as a measureof in view of any possible trouble which many recent events ; but especially in the there is one condition on which the Administra-even to thosewhom we address earlier in thegiven regardthe defeat will be attributed to the aiiact of these tlueats, and tliey will be used evaa OMrs freelyhereafter,andso stimulate thosewkotri-but this will scarcely effect the re- ed, may arise from the result of the Presidential elec- progress so rapidly made by the idea of uni- tion of Mr. Buchanan will counsel the South tribute to the Constitution and the country, sult. The great mass of each party will voteprecautionday,and beforetheypaidtheiryearlytoparty,have obtainedexperience,and runs for-withinand—South,tation of slave laborers from Africa vrill bad*- manded. And it will be deskanded witli vielaaoe and threats of universal ruin if tha demaad be n-atnoepopulation, Five-aixtha of ttie— ;clamor makes votes for the Republicanshis statements as of consideration. their only apprehension is that their brethren stitution this social, moral and political blessing— less tempted to vote the "Fusion" tiAnt, fc"f»»gelectivedIstastefiU incidents, waa to be exjtocted;Undertheactualregimewemayexpectto see thia difference disappear. While there isthediffidentandthere is no reason to apprehend scenes ofto state, fai to soadry nmMts replyselected for the busi- and ness, and very much in its incidents and sur-Westernindications of a sweeping Republican vote. violence or personal injury. Against such zation of the Statecountiesshouldplacesandand the most tiinid may fulfill their imperative it im- duty to the BepoUic witliont any more disa-to conduct the canvass on any iHuisany candidate. I am satisfied that if Doitslab body. ^_liad been supported by the Democratic Partyrests with New-Tork ;^-and so certain Is the two or three of those who stand nearest trim resolutely and steadily froin the date of his South are not all dead yet. And now and then dorsad " Kleetors."ity. The decision- of the question, therefore,ticulars of a disunion plot, in which one if notwagsA Back-habded Dararci.—Thethey palm off a very good joke upon some of cUpnomination, his vote in this State would havebeen 20,000 higher than the Fusion vote willbe now. The Democrats of the country dis- The Charleston must have been easiness, even if it does so mischieC Tlie Bae-the sentinels of disunion in the Southern Press. Mercury nap-!teral tickets have been propariy indorsed "Prmi- seventeen votes for Bbeceinbiook and ping when it permitted a correspondent thus dent—Number One. The heading on the laiids isitprevent it ;contrary,Well may Mr. McL. rushing out in the market, 'have found It.' It Is not to our free Institutions' that we owe our'wlUthis beautiful and admirable solution of thai difficultthe South —toAbolition nile t of scorn to mankind T You for forbids objectsyou permit thisIn-bearour cher-rightit!ofthe relationwhichlaborshould properprohibitdar; not, for your honor forbids It ! 'And If African Slavery has produced such resultspiteously against In this country, when its proceeds have been diffused effectual.NoAd- selves the victims, than the propagandists of when those only among wnomare them-Slavery. They will not suffer a Republican to sponsible for It, shall be permitted to enjoy the fullSlave Statesfreediscussionbyviolence,thattheytarand nothingcertaintycouldmakethatstylemore feather men on mere suspicion of being Anti- ridiculous. The Mercury, however, fallsThe Baltimore Sun, as thestrikingthe Union or defeating Lincoln. And will be punished, nor uses any harsh language case in point. For years past that journal, party who did not know him ; but others tills we deny; for while we wen -apologizeslaves are property at comnto* Um. BatorganAa to the demand for general protection of alavaand freedom of has had persisted in running against a candidate ed that slaves were where tiw I«m{faircried aloud against the violent proceedings of the American Party. It has whined and la-property onlytice,dealing,speech,the domiaaat towliichit happeaed to be opposed.disgraced by the 'rowdjism partgrIhiA alwaa sistheythis influence. He submitted his claims to ly come forward, and say to her sisters Stay are supposed to afibct the conscience without .exception worthy, qualified and un- shed. Crobb.the decision of the ballot-boxes, and rules now unite withyouindemanding, througha Con-occasion itself every argument for 'action.ingtheobservanceoftheSabbath,andthepeoplecountry Is quiet, and the Government occupied no longer govern by divina right, unless we tors to the Constitution have committed, sthuulus acts equally upon partisans of alread anew the proverb which declarea that the in the attempt to frighten the American peo- sorts, and may be trusted to act effectually.business. Infifteenminuteshave forth, when the alarm was given. This Ars was alsowithThe storm of the latter part of last week extend-sod he work of an Ineaodlatjr. Bvarythlng was quiet with the divisioif in the ranks of their oppo- day, the fires, aa osaal, beinc carefully extinguished,purelylocal afiairs.voiceofthepeopleisthevoiceofOod. The plefiromthediscbargeoftheirduty.Thousands —constdeiaoie amount of damage. On the eastern proclamation of the Sardinian sovereign is in and tens of thousands of votes will be Sbccbitt in Votino. One of the causeshim. Heand thebuIldb^;examined."ed over a great portion ol the country, and did aslopes of the Alleghanies, in Western Maryland this one aspectnents, a very fair chance of electingis a mechanic, of Integrity, intelligenceand Thb FaiLtTBBS iB Baitimobe.—Of the recentand Tlrginia, an immense body of water fell, and all the streams flowing into the Potomac were mock awollen. The rise in that river was almostsignificantHaiclib,impudent disunion threats,popularity,ficient public officer. There is a warm con- test in the Democratic ranks between Lthcb,sogreataamightbeexpected. Ontheeastendof IiOQgHavao, cm Sanday evening, many trees were pros-of representscourage NAN, who is the candidate of Tammany Hall, property, which consists of debts due theof the Church Wooeter-placetheir personal property In saidtiatad, and:th« alMple (SecondBqitM)tra^tfarownuponthesquare. Itstwo. But with this the concern.Republicanshave noamongthe mostrecorded for Lnicoui andin conse- accounting for the largely increaaed registra-tion of the present year is the security afford-— make a faithful and ef- failures in Baltimore, the Patriot ot Satarday »»y» = and will:if willelection assembled in great numbers in Wall-street, in front of the Merchants' E.ichange, yes-terday. Mr. Jaxis Gallatin presidedr andspeacnes were made by him, and by Wh. CcbksNoTMandStohbB. Chittendjs. It was anenthusiastic gathering, and the attempt of some by virtue of the indorsement he thus and then vention, such amendments of the Constitution The positions assumed by the two great par-rowdies to interfere with it seemed only to increase obtained. He liked the principle and its work- as will secure us in all the future, and, failing tics who divide the people, are such as to panic manufactufers withdrew from business dtlxeBs of JNjugbkwprte were startlad- froai ttair the ardor of the Bepublicans. ings, and so did and do the French people who in that, pledge ourselves to go with you."the greatest throne in Continental Europe to your movements at secession, and we will of the most obdurate elector. There is in the exceptionable men.lisrgo lire at Poa«hfceopaiSt nrrr mb rtaowv ooi or wu%vrmmt.circumstances in theIt Is anuopncedented, though the damage resulting is not people, of their "divine right;" it is a step some one of their opponents. Even in the the new police. Under the displaced system who Mayor Wood, and Judge Bsx»- SOBhistorycentury. quence ofwas reoentiytoof thethesewhich would otherwisehaveIsland tue gale was very severe. In New- taken that cannot be retraced by one party, South we learn that Bbkckinbidob ia losing It required much the same sortof the acknowledgment the power ofbeen given to edexecuted an assignmentand will not beHad the proposition come from Gakibaldi bluster of his friends. The fact to which we tion atmen to seek the bubble reputa- the cannon's mouth, to incite the elec-SSSnbl. landed estate In Harford County,'»"°'J- .,. prop«rtr oftheaasl«m,entare•*»'?/^^^Inio?^fer- ahaU first be devoted }° ^^"J*^- to pay Udi-forgotten by the other.ground rapidly in consequence of the disunionwhichImpelsand personally much the stronger man of thesaia^ofcitizen- lature, eolomna, and other front works also fell, have been surprised. Gaeibaldi has been in all, that none talk of disunion but the sup- ship. An election without its affrays and riotsdoingtherevolutionistswouldpower. Thesestanceswerenotremembered.police,ofDemocraticofficialshavedeclaredthatthey nershipofthe[«rt-waa about MO feet. The bell, perch, entab- or the other revolutionists, one would not have heretofore drawn attention is ^parent to tor to dischargethefirstobligationbirii^tcrushhig the iion fenca around the church, but^W-jen^,,^ payAmerica and knows what theand Lavi—in otherwas, in fact, a social anomaly, of which in-Thet Must Kbef theib Wobd.—Hundredsship debts; their ail«tde'r*'t?h"e^ vidual debts, andbalance of the indl*$6,000. had been founded inAt General Session of the Supreme Court, yes- Locis Napolkos this the Unionj^ Hartford Coart of thatofwords, the holdersJuaipr^ '%"onSuonBbbckinbidoi ofofficeand" :We have details of Utah news to Oct. 12. Judge accepted the result that they themselves had KiawsT bad arrived from the East, and was warm-menced on Etatuiday, the 6th, and was in session vived. When it was difficult for potentates that body acquiesces, the North may stiU have is the and so close the contest, no cit- sisted upon recovering its tone ; the bank re- flames had gained fearful headway, raadortag tba at- two daya and a haa. During its progress 'Brio- hazard,iauui Torao, Hnn C. Kivball and ORson and poUticians to decide the fate of Savoy, a chance to regain favor in the eyes of the izen can decline to vote without incurring the turns assumed a more cheerful and encourag- tempts of the flremen to eztiiigalsh the Are fiitile. ByHtm niade ^eeches indicatiTe of the present Moa^on ftdlBg in regard to the people of the States and to the Army, from which we infer that It is not a very amicable one. It was indicated at this C<Hiference that tba hand-cart system of emi- gration is to be given up. ToDVO intends, m the -Spring, to senl ox-teams with the missionaries to the Statea, which will return in the Fall laden with marcliaadise and emigrants. The caah tith- ingpaid Into the Mormon Church for tba yearsandthree private mansions. The bss is $4,000 or to follow the practice of those whose success broken-down political desperadoes have not sympathetic with the disorderiies, refused all will never hold office under a Black Repub- nershlp vi ill not reiHxeefficient interference. If arrests were made, lican" President. It will be a great relief to lar. DeedofMsUnemseUnWtwsIelt"l"J"' regaining power count), and Uitand auda- it was the abused and disappointed voter, who Mr. Lincoln to get rid of these gentry on the c"our.tv. „ .,„ frtoored on Thursday aaillutlsr otherdamage. Hadthesteeplefallen to the north or sooth it would have crushed two orballot la naturally be inclinedportersdebts,;Thedebu. It Is t^l*" sourc/s of infonnatlon ^mo•r'e'^^M 15 cents In the dol-of everlasts,terday,submitted, and decision reaenred. At Chaaabaia mightof the same Court, Justice LlOITAKD held, hi the dence of his wonderful sagacity in fore^jeeing Oovemrr «nt unl'^ss 'My wlu at the comlngelec- rjffian, who did the wrong and inflicted the but we ^eaUy fear that they will put Uira toThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the cases of the nw stadents were CoUagvrevolution. Had even the faintest hope suggested appeal, we again whiletheyp. JjoTsR 4 Co. a." fP.fJ^^^rsarelBbetterhave considered It but one morethat they will break the upwas carried ignomin'.ou'sly to prison, while theeasy condition of their voluntary resignation;have msiie wicenU on the doiiar.evi- ciounly proclaim»'f'^"'S,ut 7iUntitled DocumentkMUs wardsToooasUandtheBiattar;Mr.L»oourooaaesto use as Mr. Wood. Mr. who has quent decision at our ovra eonita and the commim it, Sataoe,the Americanzation was overtlirown, and the Re- District ever seen in this country. Mr. Wood other property, and we cannot eae^a tlie coa-yeaisformers, of whichorgani- the Sun is the or-toofboundwherever ifb bonad to yiutecLcomes from anotherwith-clusion that it must be protected in the FieeStatS^of the opposedtoSlavery,andthiscircumstancebeatalltothecreditoftheDistrictifhewillfirmlyrefuse,nomatterunderwliatdirafirtespecial champion.partythey say) that when these demands are made, tteycharity,dealing,—We arelittlenot determined to refuse firmly to aid inin the Union, was the roar he had Reformers justifies a mob of the vilest ruf- gentlesttosome very disgraceful results in our Judicial;Sun's to repugnancemisdirection MoTivTS TO Action.haveyears ago Empe- to abide in the Union if Mr. Lincoln shall be it would be wholly superfluous to ap- for its pwn candidateisof theworthythesupportparty.Tub Jldiciaev.havetake theplaceof criminals;some of them may be elected. We shouldevengreaterviolence orifthe ;dangerfrom the presentwhich threaten them. But no such ent success for it is prAohlt, -to aay the vary accomplished perils ;Tax Cloco with a Silvxb Libiho.compel each individual to the exercise of his too soon. Yesterday, notwithstanding tha shimbers by aa atom of tx». It was illarnveiad, S^little final loss ts estimated at $12,000. In the buUding were per- some fifty or sixty boxes of tools, belonging to those ful result attained. Now, however, a still Washington ; it sits in the Cabinet councils, or whether the just bal- severance. One day more would have suf- Some of them were worth from one hUB-second timefor the want of awtiich lies at the basis of American insti- It livesthe panic rumors were quite baseless, they were of stock piled on the outside of the building alao public treasury, and pub- be restored. It also, with great reason, pre- caught fire, and was consumed. There was Mt aa.was a peace- Treason stalks abroad in the open day at indefinitely Increased and Slavery become a spoilednational institution, employed.cussed, apd for themore important homage is paid to the princi- and basks in the sunshine of Executive favor. ance and equilibrium of the Government shall ficed to satisfy the world that while these dred to one hundred and fifty dollars. A large amoaStuponlUT-S-9, and to Oct. 1, 1860, amounted to |li,652- ple99, of which amount about t4,S00 was raised in tutions. A king enters a foreign State at the lishes a newspaper at the expense of the dicts far graver danger to the Republic in case not wholly without existence in the breasts of Insurance of between $2,000 and $3,000 apoa tkeis,Union must t>e dissolved if a majority of theof the old stock, offer* to refer his claim to ployes from power. be avoided. Never before have the people be made President without dissolving the dock state that they saw a light ia the upper part ofthe principal building, but that Vksj took no further notice of It, suppoelng tt to be ana of the workmen oato the woikman. numbering about fifty, are throws out of em^OTBeai by this unfortunate occurrence. Slwitl]' before the We have received files of Haytl papers to Oct Xons Napoleon a splendid upstart, but one people think proper to dismiss its corpupt em- versal energy of Republicans that alternative agree in thinking that Abbahau Lincoln may fire was discovered, some boatmen wko ww* oa thearmyed from a line of kings, a legitimist, not likeLincolnbe transferred towere the tools belongingThese,;There never was a greater mistake been Bolicited by such urgent inducements to Union.appear disposed to follow their precepts. The people over whom he aspires to reign. Kings made than that which these trai- the fulfilhnent of a simple obligation. The The REOisTXRSBir.—TheCongress,to voters by the organization and drill ofand Gio. P. OoviE,) whose suspension;At an early lionr on Satuiday awntac iaat, Um Thus the fusion combination imminence of election day, and consequently twcen 4 and 9 o'clock, Siiuliig from tba whnlaasleIt is fair to assume that this proposition isto be made, in the name of reason and mod- bases its very existence upon the averment of that crisis which was to plunge tlie coun-coeperage astabUshaMBt of Masws. SuBHai *accomplished.a- great favorite. The Mormon Conference com- And a few months since the idea was re- eration, to the Southern Convention, and if that the Union is in danger ; and that so great try in irremediable ruin, the Stock market in- department ware aooa at tha ipat, bat bf tUi tbas thedecisive right.when Europe was on the brink of a war be- champions of the Airican Slave-trade. Titis responsibility of that calamity. The Republi- ing aspectcause of the uncertainty of Savoy's fate, the is our last and only hope, according to the can Party, on the other hand, asserts this abnormalballot-box was allowed to determine what pro- official organ, and if we fail to catch at it, all to be the critical and final struggle weeksYairty set in. It is to be lamented that tance around. Shortly after 6 o'clock, the whole laytocols and diplomatic notes had in vain dis- will be lost. which is to decide whether Slavery shall be so much damaging industry should have been a mass ofblackened ruins. Nothing was saved. Tbain short, the reaction from the and factitious action of the last four;burning which fiercely {M nearly two buildings, ragedvery— ^TbeRepublicansa very excellent candidate for Register, when the building waa cl«ed for the nljgbt, on Fri-a iarHatioD(tstad Bectonl tlekst is to be that ttarode Mtow mmJ',^"We the above from the Coitrier ander. It la a great mistake and may create aaa»aafin the Territorlea, are nevaiAe- thereby to conciliate and tianquHize the South.1thecommon law, then the Qenoal. Gov«ri|BSHit b—special fitness or ambition for and on the high seas, and in foreign counttiea.isCongress avowedlyonexpectSoutii will caUthat thefor this protection in its usual boisterous way ifFrom this let him judgemore extreme claims When urged with threats of?firm,theirthan ever disposed to punish resistance byumph throughmeans,^ blood-their efforts, however, the lames were conflned to thehouiB, Illuminating the country feu* a considerable dis-we see building, the rest being a total, loss, amongst whiek'We learn that Messrs. Josiah Lsi * Co., (Ossaoanaoonced, haveAasaaa,Attorney, firm,acThere isthe same meaaa wUaftsrjtbelamesburstSj*"' of Harford County, «U of '«"mW Iof lidlvlduti ^^^ p„jr^t^-in^^ www.fultonhistory.com 