 ;I1I..feiian policy,' a few intelhgent Napbleonists, who saw his protection: the Emperor has decreed him a ti stance^since, in the safety of the new, the' danger soldieryandroyalguards,whofoTthemomenthave thatthe onfypossiblemeansofanticipatingrevolu- diamondcrossoftheLegionofHonor,,inrecogni- "of the remainingold is'forgotten,while,'inthebeen removed from Naples to Capua and Portici, tion was to lead i t andthe official riff-raff of Napo-, tion of Ms good service.\ Ahmed Pacha, the Mili- " latterj the perpetual scramble for every minute of- but at the word of the King would at once return leoni8ts, qtumd mime, were with him. Had the tary Governor of Damascus, who let all the butchery " time, where work is going on by an unvarying to murder and pillage. .Xhevery beggars iu the nation been called to vote yes or no for the war/ it go on, was long ago decorated with the same cross, " powerj which is indicated at, perhaps, a thousandwealth and blood of Sicily, and who is now giving to Piedmonttwomillionsofmen;thismanisnotrich enough to pay $5,000 for a yacht!the Atlantic with the Gulf of Dolce ou the Pacific. The sealoftheRepublicwasattachedtothegrantthe24tb. of July, it having passed both houses of Congress after«535BR.>-.—«C.^Us>sisWi.«s»<»>r^ac:NEW-YORK bllL Y TRHJUN&! FRIDAY; AUGUST 24, 1*60.6latestaccountsconsrmineveryworstparticular lye|a%e$wpmwti\M lhimsfelf)iiu.queer?- p'fl'rilMo^^^e^acL. thatnegotiationshadbeenopenedbetween THBIBTATE OF EUROPE the earlier reports. They have aroused and are :hy, 8oft:80japyJ!donte-Cri8tolized letters,,wh^ch,, spectors-for -the half vyeajs-endmg^the-Slst^f^Octo* ^s;and;thppye^^ —Ital-5,CC0menleftinH. Thetwoforteonthehillaretobe ^reTwedr^TlirRoyat troops caonot-pawTerrauovay hot some of ib* officer* are uten about our street*- and la tb f. 'afe>, fraternizing withthe Italians. A good toanyffctoriouscareer, and in the c a » il»fc*Ire Nejapsl- Sfttw a^ould evacuate Sicily, not to attack Naples. XtoiaDantPictator replied, on the 29th of July, from Messina, that with all Ms respect for, and de- ve^on to, his Majesty, the position of Italy forbids h^B ^comply wtth-theroyal desires. The people of Naples call on him, and if he should hesitate, he would fafl to do his duty, and jeopard the cause•Tons, Aug.7,I860. ted upon3iero^Av,^T ?:$w3&aF «*J PonSPeprind e* •aspettato at Naples^ and*wi!T^669:^^theiatter perio^.theWciderits vvas equal to 29 per cent,, although therevafteTw% have their positive merit, and'"make us bcr, ,1845, andrthe,3pthi)f.^priWie^e^witi^tifoM irlirenglherjsiur^ ;I K the'oppressed \CWatittxu^?.am^ii|»fflgWon; Ithink hetter.-of^he romancer and not worse' of) his Mf years ending withrDctober,and April, 1858 and' of the fueilade.•wfH, end he express* .is not oenuine.„ A cumber of fielo* oflate,invariousPR the extent of about : of Santa Clara Count*"" °"°*&s "•' "of tbe 'offered Neapolitan aUiance, Turkcyfi»vayfa& ought Ito d i e ^ n ^ ^ ^ ^ p a t e ; fulfill expectation.J jm JRome,liee next-door to hid^^taTcen places^an incrbase of^workeiB Of 2aperv, necks.a^m^thernnnmedmte butchers, bttt-afeeling^iasti1 c^A; ^ theiowestestiraatei ^- %m$m w%.-.&red shirt—-so the Garibaldians^^ are denominated bykerchief, and the Hkenees of Garibaldi tied about ti*ix , -•{.could not refuse to write a furthePjnJpfcief 'from the violence .of. htf \death- Naples; Venetia is b^u| across,the street asit:wereletter to Garibaldi, recommending him to arrest hie str^gglls/mnltt be^hxottjed.;''^', I..'.,,' V , '&m frbm^Naple8. • %SQm^ii0a.^^Se^^^^^^l .Now, as to the distribution of accidents betweenthe Sidlians—came^towards tiie yacht., ,& ,.,,,>- ,;: .Three frizzly bears In the tOTrnof OskiaThey appeared to be •who ttw them, and . 'time in running awa y1;';!'i;.Tne *<^ieral,8ent nw^o^,.'to,' ciAie ;&to jg^]£$$ •.;:its continuance, one of the nominal principals Was Rome, they.mu8trvstay there together or^runceyi*, dents which occurred happened in 167.factories, rene, as he always isj'indeed, yoia cannot find a face so infct, Arrived here yefterday. She left at AspinwaH a mere cipher ini comparMOnwith its aDies^ the corj- duhbubfed.;' Arid the Pope wants to go to;Bavaria, employing about 40,000 persons; so that in 591 fac- calm Up Mif.'it.is really, as Dante says, jthe lion in re- the V. S. Storeship Eeleafe, from Rio Hachein two ditions orreform imperiously imp^sed^up^n T^iickey arid; U N; fe; cari^ti let him go. " Q^PRafoyel t<aciesi-employing 67^000 persons, there tyere no ac- pose. No communication had yet beenopened between days. The steamer Baltimore sailed on theS&hjagt by allies arid enemy alike at its vcondasidn,^eft a, padjipn'importe comment" Exactly so,' your. caentsatall. In like mariner; outt of "387 smaller him and the forty hut the; very numbers of tbeUTeapolr for New-York, via Jamaica.The.followiDg is the Ariel's specie list:d a t C& 5 5Order.».........„,,,,,.. ,4,OWpAja«iic«iEx<jhaog»Bk. 98,000AJMhin&»g men hav^e beenlong smce agreedthat baldi, with the ^eapbKtan navyr at h^ command, > larger and smaller mills, I think the following facts,so far as its ostensible purpose—the confirmation of n<>t^a man to^ie|o^%pIicaiy^^dnWni^&^i stated by Mr. Baker, to be decisive: During thethe •.Ottoman Empire—is concerned, the Crimean With Austria, winch complicates France. AgairiV' last half year, 'Outof the 758 cotton factories of his theTukeori. , ?&war was worse than a failure. And while, during so,long as.ttie Pope and;ther,F/rench garrison **$ m dbtrict, employing 107,000 persdus, OH' the acci- "The General was for me, and se- wall August 16, with the. CaUfornia mails of the 1st *permanent cause of irritation fd-ran^^'u-^jieart:! Majesty; the phase is as impatient andjhonest as- nails all the/occidents happenedin '28null8; out of«f Italy. 4 " AJUrw »*,** he says, " to disobey your. of Is|amism. The logical instinct of Mohammedan. that with which youslammed the door or yourjpri-' 1&3 flax mills all the accidents happeriedin 45 niillsj itantfgave^ him; conndenciu;' He thought that the fort« " ' - " " — - * W , o e o TLXeKjk.Co•••*•••»»• 1,400COBTOJkCConajox.... 10,000and out of 1774 silk factories all the,accidents hap- had-not provisions for'n/long "siege, and that; ft nm«t HOJcxtXshalllay^own my sword at your feet, |waruponIslamiem. ?Tejpu»rmer importantre^ Napoleon to take all the Palais.Itoyal,;^nd do^ penedin^nu^Ols;sothat in alar^ev.propprtipn;of', soonbeoutofiprovisioxjp<»•ammunition.:, \\...v....*28fiQO•*Majestythistime.Whenmymissionshallbeful- fanaticismrightlyinterpretedtieCrimeanwar,asA vatecabmet;theotherdaywhenyoutoldPnncesuits of that war. such as the breaking down of the whatle would with i t v a n d ; ^ e ^ q u i e ^ c a n d got Cxch^b|arich.of trade ; there;were no accidents %VWnil8owe were;talking; a little r^-boat came up; B»lHtt it Sander»..>.... W.922 J«nnin*H&Br6w*ter... 9,000>^'^ J.Na/tor...*..>«...» 19,000- i »* and obey, you blindly all the- remainder of my whatever bV^achiri^ry; arid m every' brarich the Z. Einirtein & Bros i2'S2 S n r m a n & Co.....*,... 12,800'•• Bie." We do not doubt that the King was phantom prestige of Russia, and the furnishing of a to the devil, so.to" speak. Which,the Pnnce bus, the General exchanged a few words with the man who l^nttadter Brow »••••• 16,000 Dtjacw Sherman k Co. 181,051greatly satisfied with Garibaldi's disobedience, base of operations fbf favour's Italian eanipaign^ aid arid will respectively. "But this Roman-Papal-, bulK of the accidents happened in' the'largest riiiills. was on board, and then gave his orders to his staff-ofil- Scboll Bro« *•••••••* zkuZ.^•D*«^"ar*«tc«-•—*»a*after which the negotiations with the NeapolitanEmbassadors at.once became ineffective. Accord*mgjy,' Messrs. Manna and Wiaspeare are makingtheir preparations for departure, having failed' tosave the troops of the Bourbons by the good officesof the Turin Cabinet We now expect, from day today, the news of Garibaldi's landing on the Nea- and to-six thousand French troops. • 'against Austria, whichlatter Power committed theAustro-ItaEan-Ariglo'-RusThe flatter phenomenon Mr. Baker tries to account ; : ! / Taeffe, McCidsill &Co.. fej^^bythe^wvo causes^ thai m. the largest; millsthe cers. ' ''' ^ ;SEfeV''.' \,/.'.,',I.'.• :•. \. r;.-.; •",./' ,'r: ,'•;•.\ J. Strww, Bro«. It Co..n!«ooJ*OT«rl«dk Co....;2 7« W.C0U a I^a«barcJtBn»..... ifiiX 40,000 5*7%.fc Cologmt*...5,000teers, and at Naples the. people expect the Italian independence, a few who hoped that out of 'I machinery wMch has never been protected,, and. yours-myself;' Vfffi • '&*£ " obtaining from the Government of that Republic a Dictator as the only man able to pre- it would spring the revivedspint of revolution that with the .MUBsnlman infidels [well enough to"serve- , the capital from the horrors of a might react on France, a iew historical thinkers, note, by the; w;ay, that infidel Abd-el-Kadei" " wherein gathering' parts of wheels still' remain, , [ "Xds'enwelltb this, Sicilians my compatriots, Ital- grant extending over 60 years for a railroad across thesanguinary street fight with the iaferiated foreign feithful to the secular, anti-Austrian, Franco-Ital- saved the Uvea of all Christians who- sought '! are even niore destructive from that very circum- ians my brothers! This irian, who dispoces of the Isthmus of Chiriqui, connecting the Boca del Toro oaplutiOnary balance of-power -complexify cannot befiance with^e^erparty^ k t us come againcto. the settled up with a'slammeddc^f.^ "-*v f ^ J ^ r ? tiansition state from old, unprotected,- to new>iruV-immensebungle of<not takmgsidesnnd souring al\ " One oftberii whispered tome: 'Newefrom Mes- sina; we shall have to use both hands now.'"AstotheGeneral,heOnlysaid:*Xetusgoand , see your yacht.'. "Theybroughthimapapertosign;itwasacreditWin. S^ucman & Co...n. *Mncjc..............J.Jt>.Wwr..«<>•....».«. 8,890H.J.Knna«;... Groddeak.WfliiAsow...Buckllo k Crane..( tpresentstateoffeelingandopinionin.France.-Of •ThePopeusenta lettera-'few^aye"agoto'thechinery is, comparatively, ;ni08t protraoted nnd,giao^ual;,ari^ largerf concerns the rapidity with which the hands are collectedtogetherOTOws'in'tfce'saroe^thenexttenmenyoushall^meet,uponthe. Boule- vards, nine wuX feel.and two or three think, that thisinterventionisnottobelimited to sixmonthsspiritualTycoonofAntioch,:Patriarch,,orwhatnot. It started with being a letter of condolence apropos oftherecentbutcheriesofChristiansinSyria;but2,500Order,••—»»•».»»/•«».»»».. 18,252difficulties than the Italian troubles. The French country since the time of Mahmoud II. (A. D., invitation . to call upon Czar Alexander at.expedition to Syria, 6,000 men, even if doubled by 1840), and that if she were let alone, with nothing military review near Warsaw, arranges a the last Six months, consequent upon the conclusion, the contingents of Austria and Bussia, is insufficient but good advice, she would come to be quite a meeting with King of Bavaria, who long ago of the Anglo-French Commercial Treaty, arid the7toreducethefanaticalspiritoftheLebanonandofjmodelcountryintime.Tosupportthisenormousthedesert,andihesixmonthstowhichtheoccupa-Iassertion,utteredintheverylaceof15,000muti mightbestyledarunninginvitationtothePopetocompetition,isthesilktrade.ThepressurethusThe gold is fine. The party took np ninety claim*. About the country itself, Mr. Farley says:" Nature seems to have withheld from the Coso mining district all save mineral wealth, that can render a country attractive to man. It is treeless; and, with tho exception of boiling sprint*,waterless, and it is in rare instances that even a limited tract of land can be found susceptible of cultivation. Birds are scarcely ever seen, and only deer are found in remote places, wjiero scanty signs of vegetation exhibit themselves. Roaming over the coun- try are a few scattered Indians (the Coso tribe}, who, like thos* of Washoe, live on herbs, roots, and worms. They run swiftly away upon seeing the whites. They build huts of cane, and huddle together in the caflons, where they pass a wretched, lazy exiktence." About twenty miles to the southward of Silver Mountain, the party visited an active volcano, at some elevation above tho surrounding country, and which threw out hot .mud and steam. A curious feature about this was that, at distances of three feat. apart, there were holes, each of which vomited forth differenttk>n is restricted will prob&bly have to be quadru Jated Christian corpsesjust reformed to death with- come to Warzling whenever, as the late Sarahpled in time. Besides, it is quite certain that so in this happy realm, Lord Palmerston, carefully Gamp was used to say, heshouKd feel so dispoged.soon as the French expedition reaches the coast of avoiding proof and argument, brought his wonted The Duke of Baden is now on a visit to the FrenchAsia, an explosion will take place in Servia, in Bos- trick of mockery and Off-hand jauntiness. John Emperor, at the military camp of Chalons, whithernia, in Thessaly, and Montenegro, threatening the Bright, well-meaning, but stupid, was ass enough the little Prince Imperial, in charge of his governess, since, as I remarked in a letter on the Factory Re- Turks with expulsion from Europe, while i n the to believe all the prejudiced, false reports he read has just gone to suck in the pacific principles ofSouthern Asiatic Provinces the revival of Mahom-medan' fanaticism may jeopard the lives of the . ^h^rtiauB. PoorTorKey wifi scarcely be saved byfoX~' -»*^U^« J T?«J*^*** ^VW^wgthe protection of Engar .-, - . %ropean influence and crsihzation ^ *** - \yj S v r i r hy which India-may be reached: Egypt a^ , "/-(TT h e Emperor of Austria intends to surprise nl? subjects, especialfy the Hungarians, by some con- cessions on the 15th of August the anniversary of his birthday, but it seems that these tardy conces- sions will share the rate of those of his cousin of Naples—they are too late to have any effect Thus we see difficulties on every side; the despots are trembmig,andthehopesofthenationsarereviving. Theyeax 1860 wiffprobably see the great final battleexclude Eu- ^ countriesmost reliable sort, from the infallible Foreign Office.is uneasy, being surrounded "by a hedge quick s e t ofsuspicions, bayonets, diplomatic thorns, and all I can how Joseph Garibaldi, the opposition leaderdoubled the cape of Mehmo. The first thing that we saw, as we rounded the light-house, was the steamer Tukeri, towed by about twenty boats. A fisherman whom we hailed told us that ehe had broken her rightmanner of botheration, is patent That he lies invhis last letter to Persigny, I deny, though itsin that debate, is pushing it to vote-—how he re- spectfully regrets his momentary inability to meet\ .artistic imitation ofjree-and-easy, written-on-the- the views 01 his royal correspondent, Victor Eman- uel [who would have been wofully disappointed ifwmdow-sill frankness of style, at first naturally his friend Garibaldi had accepted his epistle au pied provoked such suspicion. de la kttre~\ having jast now "the honor to be " at The fact of it is, that both the Eastern Question the disposition of a national idea, dind on the pointIu Woolen Mills In Flax-Mill*In Pilk Mills....... In Worsted Mills. In other Fabrics14,982 - .',33,918 33,874 3,896 5,7891 to every 348 ltoe?ery3891 to every 2,251 3toevery4»4 nil" The chore of the peninsula presented the appear- popped into town in a hackney-coach, at a quarter toof leaving for Naples, where everybody is expect- kaisere, and. have got to a terribly active stage of pressing their's.with the cry: Don Pcppino hIn all these textile fabrics, the machinery is pro-tected—that is to say,; provided with such contriv-and the Italian Question have got quite out of theabout the dilapidated condition of Turkey; but he,Palmerston, could tell him, Bright, that he, Pal-merston, had his, Palmerstonrs, information, of the of his travels, probably at Monaco, he is likely tomeet Yictor Emanuel or his abler lieutenant, and, Lord Palmerston had his accustomed success of for all diplomatic purposes, alter ego Canailletnrning the laugh'on John Bright Whether it was a proper laughing occasion, is a question on which fatiX coiT^sp011.^11*a n d a quite numerous body of nomiinal Christians ^ifier from the smiling majorityCavour, (who is more than his long-headed Majes- ty's match), in the latter part of them a meeting with the Queen of Spain, at Barcelona. The livest of all European Powers, as I have already said, ispoint of Melazzo.-STATE OFwhexe the Prmcee, by appealing to the old national and during the Crimean War, before and during the ' Conwposdence of The N. Y. Trigone.between despotism and liberty even in Germany, don and Paris newspapers was repeatedly, beforeGARIBALDJ IN MESSINA.antipathy against France, have for a moment suc-Italian Campaign, and after both those series, ofLONDON, July 14, 1860. After the r6$um6 given in my last letter of thefrom its correspondent at Messina, dated 31st nit.:" I have to tfcU you that on two nights back morescribed as shaking the ground, and emitting a load subterranean, rumbling. All the country around, for twenty miles, seems toceeded in stifling the • enthusiasm for Italy, and in events, informed respecting numerous important 1English one* Still it is apprehended, and Mr. troops came pouring in, about 5,000 or 6,000 from have been burnt up with a fierce heat. The ground is hot for asilencing the voice of justice to Poland and Hun-\ gary. The Emperor of Austria visits now one King facts, defects, and purposes military, administra- Factory Reports of Sir John Kincaid and Mr.Melazato, with three field-pieces, and 2.000 men from mile around the volcano, and the peaks of the hills are all heated. Robert Baker, in his report, seems to share this ap- Catania, under the command of Col. Heber, The " Mx. Parley bad a narrow escape .near one of the hot-mudafter another. Prussia, Bavaria, Saxony, Wur- temberg, and Hanover, seem to be hand and glove with.Austria. Still the Liberal party cannot fail soon to awake from. their present torpor, and to think of their own interests,, not of the interests of their kings and princes.AFFAIBS IN FRANCE.. Trom O n Own. C*zreapo&4«nt.tive and diplomatic, earlier and more accurately than the ministerial chiefs of said oflice^—unless said chiefs disguised and denied their knowledge. To take one instance: Lord John Russell's solemnly stated ignorance and disbelief of the French policy of Savoy annexation, a week after it was an openRedgrave, it still remains for me to take notice of the report of Mr. Robert Baker, Inspector of Fac- tories for Ireland: and part of Cheshire, Lanca-shire, Gloucestershire, Yorkshire, Staffordshire,.Leicestershire, Herefordshire, Shropshire, Worces-prehension, that this domestic labor, combined with the employment of mechanical power, will be un-Times correspondent. Gen. Bixio and Garibaldi'sson are also expected to-day from Catania with 3,000lakes. Not being aware of the treacherous nature of the ground, be turned bis horse toward a green4oofeing place, where there appeared to be something like feed ' He baa advanced but a few yards when the crust upon which the horse trod begun to break through, while the ground began to bend in and tremble, as In * morass or quaking bog. His horse reared, and when the rider at- tempted to turn nun, he broke through, his fe*t entering into a> hot substance below, which stripped the hair and skin off tho hind legs of the animal in a moment. It was with the utmost difficulty he was spurred to more solid ground, and the mud v.hichwastakenupwasfound tobotoohotto holdinthehand for an instant. The country seems to be in a state of subterra- nean combustion. Where the hills have been broken down, or, what is likelier, land sUdes have occurred, the precipices are white as drifted snow, as though immense Ume-kiLas had caved in. Occasionally, they experienced earthquakes and low rum- blings."On the 24th inst. the Spanish brig Katoma arrived at the mouth of our harbor with GO coolies on board,* bound for the Chincha Islands* She was short of water and provisions, bnt did not come in. for fear of our revenue laws. She lay off and sent in for suoh,. articlee as ebe needed. The revenue cutt*r Wm. L. Marcy was sent pat to seize her for being a slaver, for carrying more paesena-ers than the law allows, and for ancho»iug more than 48 hours within the Jurisdiction of.this Collection district without reporting herself at the Custom-Qouse. The attempt to make the arrest, how- ever, failtd; the bripf ffot ner supplies and was off before the Marcy could reach the point where the Natoma had been lying at. anchor.A terrible seriesof murders has lately been committed, in Sacramento County, by a man named Wm. Wells, a low fellow, who has for some time borne thereputation of being a thief, ana has several times been in prison,on charges of larceny. About a week ago an e'derly Gem an, named Martin Wetzel, was murdered in Sac- ramento city, and money and je welry to a considerable value w* re taken from h:s. nouse by the murderer.P A R I S * Aug. 10,The late W . Shakespeare, iu the course of some historical remarks, says: " Uneasy lies the head " that wears a crown." No such head-dressit is past diplomatizing for. Even Lord Stratfordde Bedclifl'e half gives it up as a hopeless case. while 33 per cent happened to persons above 18 ' GARIBALDIAFTERTHEBATTLE. two hundred and fifty cut-throats and housebreakers,rounds the mortal temples of Louis Napoleon, should be the last.gives a very graphic account of some occurrences af-tails concerning GaribaMi which will be found of great 4,500 arrived in Meesina. The Italian heroes are well1860.It is considerably plainer than a pike-staff that this Eastern question, and a number of others in top Of sovereignty as the French state edifice of which Europe, is vitally interested, has got to bethi liberty-cap with which he promised to crown settled or very violently debated pretty presently. it some years ago. That despite this, his Majesty It won't take red tape and diplomatic adjournmentsfor an answer. No more will the Italian question.\ leased with the reception^given to them by the Mes- sii eee, who, however, were not well prepared for such an unexpected entry, notwithstanding which, in a very short time, a number of shops were opened, and as the I alians came in they were received with immense ap- plause; many persons were to be seen handing refrasn- inentetothe men, others with jugs of water, cigars, rice, hot tread, rust baked for them, and showing other a< ten ions for which the Messinese are noted. All the caffo have orders hot to charge for anytolng that the troopa may take, and it is the same with the cigar-shops. Preparations were ordered to be made for the reception of Garibaldi, who was to come in on the 28th; but hewhose inrperial poQ remains at bare of the goldeninterest." It was not until 9 o clock in the morning that weYour Italian correspondent will tell you better than. control of cabinets and diplomats, andkiogsaod ing him in a jumble of emotions—the worthless, ances for the security of the operatives that use itmountain from the cannon of the fort. And others pnlliDg away, crying,'' Viva Garibaldi! Yival'Italia 1" Circumstances threw suspicion upon Wells, who imme-scoundrelly, enthusiastic Idzzaroni, friendlily ex- as are prescribed by the protective clauses of theThe crowd increased every instant, every one leav- diately lied to Washoe, wnere he was arrested A coupleing his maccaroni to welcome his deliverer. At of days since. Yesterday moraing, 26th inst., at 2last his carriage stopped at the house where the Iu- o'clock, as Wm. C. Stoddard, a teamster, living near tendeme used to live. He got out, and managed to Nicolaut*, Sutter County; George Armstrong, a Texan,ttep into the house; but he made the people shout 50 years of age, and Timothy Whorten, Deputy Sherifffor some five minutes before he/showed himself in the of Sutter County, were bringing Wells to Sacramento, balcony; the applause was immense, beside clapping city, from which place they were then only one mileof hands. One hour after his arrival, he was in a car- distant, the murderer took a revolver from the side of • riage again, and off to the Faro. As he had expressed Armstrong, who had fallen asleep, and attacked butwere in little natural grott?es formed by the sea." We went outside and passed under .the cannon of the fort, and by a governmental scruple I had our flagtaken down and my personal banner run up instead.." General Bosco did not think us worthy of his outburst o f the former embarrassed him, and4that and that when he shakes his red shirt after a fight General Hospital, in 1859, 1,500; and on those of wrath, and allowed us to-anchor quietly at a cable-/debating themselves. They are a pair of irrepressi- aspettato. -Factory Act. If we nowv turn, for example, toNottingham,'where a large number of persons, and He is nke to answer expectation, and nobody is especially of children, are employed among ma- sincere when he' assured the world, over the like to withstand him. The Neapolitan soldiers chinery which is not protected by the law, we shall shoulders of his dear Persigny, that this sudden come home from Sicily say he is'. eight feet high, find that there were entered on the nooks of theble conflicts. Louis Napoleon was doubtlesslyhe ihould be glad to see the latter settled, no matter musket balls rattle to the ground by the hundred.the Dispensary, 794 accidents; making a total oflength from the fort. • ," From there we could see the soldiers—Naapolitans,Bavarians and Swiss—crowded together in the courts ofthecattle. «"The great barracks o£the fort were obliged to dis- gorge their Burplus." This Burplue was cooking under a temperature of 95 degrees. The Tukeri, still towed by her boats, passed within fifty yards of us and anchored in the port." The cannon of the fort remained dumb and allow- ed her to accomplish this maneuver without disturb- ance. ,'" This appeared to us to augur well; we thought: °ere he addreeaed the following Allister. Judge of the Circuit Co ur*oc California: 4,8xz K«u2,294 among a population estimated to not exceed it, your .Majesty; so to speak; the comment, the no good to interfere with him. "'You cannot shoot 62,583. This gives the number of accidents withm"M-. DaAKSIR: Untilmyarrivaliu. *aif cognizant of tho fact that by the ] I Hate every individual among the 45 -no j [alifomla is Incapacitated from giving «•* ikw; and,undernocircumstancesorcm IJJ Ylolenoe, Is the posaibUity of rodrese e <*ate, unless he be to fortunate as to haw••at to bear testimony to tho facts of hi* w " Chinese merchant* in this city, of i « *bo received their edaoatioa ander my nf*H«d my attenUon to this exception^ Wt '*jfly deUUed to me case* of almo*t un rMoh tholr fellow-countrymen aro rspi Sweat retainsitsplaceinthestatutet>o J*wa They are piUated. plundereu. aa 7^7' b 7 E»rvp«« and Ametlcau tui.<-^ £*. Inibo absence of Suropean wtae*»«s J*w Chines no alternative but that of he L e t t i n g to the opprresion ceoied bj P»«>ed Qunese may have witnessed Use * * u united testimony is deemed v o n|£US*U**> Kuropeanor American e>i< do **In the name of all that is just, equiubwa#sincereinsayingthathecouldhardlyresistthe Ba&woal jmpufite driving him to intervene in thisDumas. SuchaBoswellforsucb aJohnson would make the book we have been waiting for ever since Homer sung the old Gods and heroes. Unhappily,,'Garibaldi,whenenteringthetown, gotoutof thecar-riage, and, running up some dirty lanes, managed toandsomeIndians,nearlAuchaJPlana,three*ti****<>£ Caropo Seco, Calaveras County/yesterday^ whwi the constable was killed and icveral others ^ ^ J ^ iI need go, inja.ne details of these recent horrors. rations of eye-witnesses. Enough to say that theescape the cheering prepared for him by the anxiouslyawaiting crowd, who saw nothing but the empty car* several Indians also were killed. Many were «£«£**.' # • «M JV i%'f. ; •;S^Bla^S " ^^-^"MgJg=^—*^ «^--^i1.4r»«r^^*¥rM-*^-^*- MHH:••.'.'•'.*.ssssstnThey are much of the opinion of Napoleon, that it ishim, poison him, nor diplomatize. himt H e walks the borough of Nottingham as 1 to every 27, a pro-how---'(nHmgortc comment—-but there is the devil of how, beiugof thelastimportance). The twotogether are threatening to impede in all sorts ofprotected textile fabrics appears almost insignifi- ways the development of his great politico-economi- with an astonishing disregard of the rules. In a cant. Again, in Birmingham, which is full of em- cal system of internal improvement*, commercial mere literary and quite secondary point of view, it ployments of every kind, both with and without reforms, and financial regulation, for whose inaueu- is a pity that Thomas Carlyle has not attached him- connection with power, where there are only two rafionthree or four years' of peace are needed. He self as his historiographer instead of Alexander small textile foctoriee, and where, generally, there isnocompulsoryprotectiontothemachinery among which the young makers are engaged, the propor- tion of accidents to population was as I to 34. The Garibaldi can only smile at and tolerate Dumas, great advantages derived from the protective clauses Youi-Bnropean Ste*.w& be filled with printed nar- who, unhappily, cannot give us Garibaldi nure and of the Factorv Act, and from the more general en- forcement of these clauses, is also shown by a com-this with as soon as he arrived, a carriage was sent for- guards. He shot Stoddard dead, and wounded the ward to state that Garibaldi was coming on that road others mortally. . Armstrong died in au hour, ana. withinanhour,onwhichbouquetsweremadeinno Whorten-,though'stilllivinginSacramento,mustsoonthrough musket balls, fortifications, probabilities,portion compared with which the accidents in thediet There is a great excitement about the sflairpossibilities, and all sorts .of respectable obstaclessimple, but mixes him up with himself (with an in-around Sacramento, and the whole neighborhood w.#ft^W»ff>-:VThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com,.fp*i^ aO»'w*'i'»s«ww»wno^a«<1»v aoeswi m L ^ ± i ^ ^ - - - • ' • ' - ' ="•''•-••* " " • ' • ' • - - - ' - • — • - — » - ~ — - - - -„i i —•-is mainly taken up with h*vely compassion and com: control exercised Weir such establishments^ dimib- of 500,000 francs opened for him.Among the paseengen by the Ariel is Thomas) already preceded .him with about 1,500 volun- last year, a few sympathizers with the cause of His Holiness is sorry for the killed Christians;: '): operate most distinctly in theproduction of acci- j "After signing it he glanced over my little vessel Francis Meagher. After an absence of seven months,politan main. The Calabrian Baron Stoeco has When Napoleon entered the Italian campaign plaint for and about the writer's own afflictions. ishee.: ^'iThese twb causesy'^ says Mr. Baker,and, wittiinChristianlimits,isfitteratigry |dents.In•theformer,theremains!of-theoldandsaidv-'IfTwosrich!wouldhaveayachtlike^hereturnsfromCostaBica,havingsucceededinas was also Commandant Schmidt, the Swiss Dal- " horses, necessarily leads to danger. In such mills,"Yesterday I compared him to Cmdnnatus, but con- six weeks discussion, two only of the Houseof Deputies! trasted With this man, who On the might after a battle voting against it, while the Senate was unanimous io-streets ask their penny in the name and for the sakeof GarmaHS, andwisfc that King Victor Emannuelawry soon a hundred ibid repay the gift Thedaily-press-becomesfromdayV daybolder,and .terventiontobenowputtothepeople,itwould-be angrywiththeMussulmaninfidels,asIwassaying,'.,'*hereiwheretoborrowoneofLiebig'ssentiments, his;swordhereturnedtohisplow. Thenhehada FromOurOwnCorreepondontSAN FRAJCCISCO, July 27,186U,The schooner Caroline E. Foote arrived here on the25thinstant,fromtheAmoorRiver,withfifteenTartar<amels (two humped), to be used iu transporting goods©no started on Saturday, acother on Monday, andto-morrow the third is expected to sail. The re-volutionary elements of all Itary flock to Sicily,there be to reorganised and broken to military dis-crpfine. Witmn a fortnight Naples will be in-vaded, and probably conquered within a mouth.September will suffice to put Lamoriciere's bands toflight an* Garibaldi will return to upper Italy byopinion goes with Garibaldi in; both coutries. '* ing the strain upon them either by excessive ex- the royal palace at Palermo, and which are my part of There were 32 of them, but 17 died last Winter while ,It is a parlous time for monarchal heads, whether " citement or heat; nor be suspended for an instant the spohVof King Francis II., and we drank the health they were frozen fast in the Amoor. Since getting toway.of Borne, tojput three crewnaafcthefeet of Vic-tor, Emanuel. His friend Bertani.at Genoa, who of the little Mortara}; of another by a Mr. Deroene;" tion is wrongly directed elsewhere. Thus, work-.u men, in hastening to produce a certain amount of was doubling a point of Melazzo. / ' of persons are anxious to get the camels for packing ia"With his sailor's eye Garibaldi had recognized Utah. They are large, healthv, hardy animals, capa-directs the fitting out of the expeditions,Jbundf however, even his rapid progress tootedious," and planned therefore, a direct inva-sion of the Bomagna from Tuscany nnd Bologne,in sxder to sparehimself thetrouble and the ItaJiansthe cost of sending the volunteers first to Sicily.The Government could not remain ignorant of theseschemes, which would have seriously compromisedthe Constitutional kingdom ef Italy, and excited the•indignation of diplomacy. Accordingly, Farini, theMinister or the Interior, went to Genoa, and suc-ceeded in persuading Bertani and his friends to giveup the adventurous plan, and to send the volunteersassembled in Tuscany as soon as possible to Sicily,whence they will certainly return by way of thePapal States: According to the French proverb, -every way leads to Borne; for the present it is by theway of Messina* The English Government is quite an instinctive common feeling, there is a generalwe Jfltop him in Sicily it will be too late, and we most allow the Italians to work out their regenera- tion as well as .they can. Thus; the principle ofwould'have returned a negative answer as numer-0U84W the affirmative one it rendered to a duTerent fetty> who conducted the massacre of Christians at- " moments are the elements of profit—-the attention question in 1852. Were the question of Syrian in^ ^erugia in the Pope's dominions last year]. Bitter •u of everybody's every instant is demanded; It' ishasnothing to lay his head upon but his saddle, Cincin- natus was a millionaire. When Cincinnatus put upta favor. ,jL-_ _ _ _ _ _Committees are formed, puking themselves into responded to by a unanimous yea; the few thinkers but a great deal angrier with Garibaldi, andthe " there may be seeln a perpetual struggle between plow. And if he had a plow he had land. M life and inorganic forces; Where the mental ener-communicationwiththeDictator,andinviting him andcalculatorsminglingtheirvoicesinthechorus- "publicopinionof acertainChristianState"that> 1*giesmustdirect,and the animal energiesmust "GaribaldihasnothingbuthisrockofCaprera. tofcome as soon as possible. In the mean time cry of the feelers. Iu the offices of nearly all the supports him and encourages his wicked course. • " We went on board the yacht; a bottle of cham-newspapers, in the churches, in the schools^ in the Whether the " certain State" is Piedmont or " move and be; kept equivalent to the revolutions ofthe. expeditions contmueto'tesentupfrom Genoa; bureaus of all sorts of administrations, subscriptions France is uncertain, for it is certain that, public " the spindles. They must not lag, notwithstand- pagne was poured into the glasses which I took from in Utah, Eight of them are males and seven females.are taken up for the relief of the surviving sufferersof Mussulman persecution. Not less significant ofthe national sentiment (considering that we are inFrance) are the announcements of a drama in pre-paration by,Victor Sejour, in collaboration with other, as.if to ask what's to be done next, and as if " Thus it is that fingers are laid upon wheels sup-of Italy. tea, they have all done welh They are shipped by Mr. "Garibaldi drank water, his usual drink. Otto Eeche, a merchant of Nicolaeflsky, formerly of •-While we were talking under the awning of the this city. They are to be exhibited, under his, order*,deck, Garibaldi suddenly arose. . for the benefit of the German Benevolent Society of U/A steamer coming from the direction of Palermo San Francisco, and then sold. It is said that a numberMocquard, the Emperor's secretary [Sejour .is one of the favorite and most successful of the Boulevard dramaturges, and is, with Mocquard, author of the famously popular melodrama founded on the storythey all felt, in lack of praying, that "suthin must be done right away." ,. '•';• •'",'. \ •j During the last ten years—dating from the effec-tual and definitive suppression of that quite insane.and uncalled for revolutionary episode of 1848—the*' posed to b e secure,, either from their, position, or"from the slowness of their motion when the'atten-and still another by one L e Sire, " a piece in nineher. said:movement throughout the Ottoman Empire, if not throughout all Islamdom, of active hostility to Christians within its limits, is lamentably evidentBaden, two monthB ago, they do nothing but call upon one another to know what is to be done next. Prussian Prince Regent and Austrian Emperor met the other day at Toplitz, ever since when. Germanflax crop of Ireland added; had amounted to 113,-409 tuns per annum, it was, for the last five yeiars,ending with 185$, only 101,672 tuns, showing adiminution of 12,000 tuns per annum, with ah in-creased annual value of exports of £1,000,000. platform of the castle, and at the same time we heard east of Owens' Lake. They are called the "Coeo-uhcrownedor crowned with tiara, turban, or other "by any counter attention to the various move- national coiffure. They are all making calls on each .'! ments around, for in every lagging there is loss." dramatic events" in Syria. • .Unhappflythey,arenotlimitedtoSyria, Through-out the rotten Ottoman Empire tragedies on a lesserscale have been occurring for the past years, arenow going on, and are threatening at any moment like warfare, and a few thousand men imprisoned Baker. The only check which seemed to keep the ; "We embraced, and he went on shore. . to assume as formidale proportions of bloody horror or exiled to death, and a few thousands exiled or different branches of industry within bounds, wasas at Damascus Or on the stop68 °£ Mount Lebanon. imprisoned just not to death, the peoples haVe been the increasing scarcity Of raw material. In theAny time since the affair of JiddahV a good deal governed in the most paternal" manner. Not a free cotton trade, the erection of new mills, the forma-has been said and written, in a loose sensation style,about a deeply-planned Mussulman conspiracywhose- central office and bureau of directors is atMecca. There is no satisfactory proof at hand ofany such conspiracy; nor is it necessary to supposeany such common understanding among the fanati-cal priests acting upon the -fanatical mob of irri-tated Mussulmans. But that whether guided by asuperior intelligent organization, or springing fromerjtmly constituted conservative powers. They have inthattimehadeverythingin theirownwiseway. Excepting two hundred thousand men killed iu per- fectly orthodox, regular, Christian and gentlemanr" w h a t is called self-carelessness.". , - gobacktoPalermoanddoyourbest there for our cause; as for me, I have work on boardgave a standing, or what, under the circumstances,,Empire. The Emperor himself leaves there soon onatourto Savoy and Algiers. In the early part ,ports of 1809, theie had been springing up at Coventry a number of cottage silk factories, in which the workmen e«r Wyed their own families, with now and then ^ iiitte hired laborer. These factories had, since the commencement of 1860, been considerably increased in number. They are, in fact, a recurrence to the former domestic manu- facturers, only with the addition of steam-power, but wholly different to the new cooperative system of Lancashire and Yorkshire. With them the house-" Garibaldi approached her,, went on deck, and frcm the deck he mounted the trail-board."At this moment we met."He threw us a last Ion voyage, and steamed off un- der fall head-way.'' Ten minutes afterwards he. disappeared behind theof the House of Commons. It is to be noted that aboutto take lodgings at Naples, vice Francis, ex- holder is the master, the weaver the renter ofaccording to the caprice cf the wind, I shall see againas blue as lodigo. This hpurted out in a thick, gluey cousiatoooyt ran slowly down the sides like lava, and cooled to a substanoe- hard as rock." Mot far from this mud volcano, they visited an opening which emitted the mostunbearable heat, as from an oven, and here th# Indians had b* en accustomed to bring rabbits, itsards, and other game, to be cooked—nature famishing the fuel and fire gratis." In another direction, was discovered a tremendous Boiling 'spring,«of««tlongbyabout26 wide. This appeared tobe of immense depth, and' was heated to the boiling point, presenting,Lord Palmerston, m spite of his eulogy on Turkey, approves of the present intervention m her ^practi- cal reforms; and that his setting up the Foretgh Office above the sources of information accessible toJohnBright,howeverfacetious,isnotfelicitousi- Any " general reader" of the better class of Lon-;King, removed. The Sultan andthe Pope both seem in inijpiinent danger of going further and faring worse/ ".":'•this beautiful Palermo, which has bestowed hercitizen- well as that of his own family. He has either ehip upon me, and I shall embrace you.statement: TnCottonMills,among107,106'\ -ful means of action.BEITISH• INDUSTRY: .MANTTFACTURING :in fact, an enormous cauldron of boiling water, bubbling and steaming exactly aa a pot would do over a hot fire. The water, The Malta Times publishes the following letter when cooled, had an intolerable taste ot alum. The hissing ana roarisc of this boiler oould be heard at a great distance. It u de-secret to every general reader of the newspapers. tershire, and Warwickshire. The total number of break up the cottage silk factories competing lat his increased to thirty guns- Early in the morning of thePalmereton's loutade will notsavethe Ottomanintegrity. There is a fast-spreading conviction that.accidentsinMr.Baker'sdistrictamountedto601, owndoor. of which 9 per cent only occurred to children,27tb", Fabrizzi came into Messina alone, the royal troops haying abandoned the town during that night, taking good care, as usual, to open the prison-doors toThe London Times declares that the present effo t (which the writer of the article evidently, regards as the merest transient- palliative) to preserve ityears of age. A closer analysis of these accidentswill prove, firstly, that the ratio of accidents topopulation is greatest in those branches of industry. ter the battle of Melazzo, containing personal de- where the machinery employed is not 8abject tolegal control, and, secondly, that in the textilefabrics, where the same sort of machinery is em-ployed, the bulk of accidents falls upon the largestmills. In regard to the employment of 198,565operatives, belonging to the district of Mr. Baker,the lat er gives, for the last half year, the followingFabrizzi's men came in, aind shortly after Mejdici ana his column—altogether, during the day, it is said thatPeriwnB employed. Accidents from machinery. 1toevery 2C1'•'.three the day before, just as all the people were taking" pounds weight of yarn within a given time, forget " t o look under their machines for their littleble of carrying 1,000 pounds each, and are excellently says:"The lilitT oftbcte Tartar oam«latoendaretb«coldwas abundanth tetted during th«ir atay a* Nl joloeflakj through tho whole Winter, when the great Amoor River wtm frozen over, and ice three feet thick continued for months in ctUl freah water. T&rtary la in the center of Aala, and bear* a aingal* r reaeoablsaoe In many ofits feature* to Utah It h«» a similar elevation, simi- lar basins with no outlet to the ocean, similar lakes of salt, simi- lar rosged mountains and dry and barren plains, similar scanty vegetation, similar hot, briefSommers, and long severe Winters. It is from such a district these camels came, and for snob a one they are peculiarly fitted Stronger in the back than the hoose, more hardy, thriving on scantier food, hotter able to endure Uiirwt,"During.this time the steamer was approaching, competent to go faster and travel further, they are jnst tb«animals for a roadless country like Utah. Their introduction into use will be attended by virions difficulties arising from the cost of importing them, tho inexporienoe of our people in man* aging them, and the unsteadiness of oar business affairs; but all these will be overcome la time, and,the camel will take its plaoe among the most important domestic animals of oar continent."management of affairs in Europe has been in thetableaux," all having for their subject the late hands of Kings, Emperors, Princes and other sol- " 'piecers.' Thus many accidents arrive from' •''It is he,' said he; and, holding out his hand, he suited to the business of packing silver ore. The AUaDuringthelasthalfyear,allthetextilemanufac- tures, that of silk excepted, were highly prosperous in Ireland as well as the English districts of Mr.j"'Aurevoir; of this vessel.'S*!| The political prospectPress, nor a free speech in a free " meeting"—-in" tion of new systems of extension, and the demand afterwards he reappeared ou the jetty.fine, no elament of social disorganization anywhere for hands had, at no former time, been exceeded. from the British Channel to the Bosphorusfor ten Nothing was more remarkable than the ne'w move-and my yacht was getting under way. •/ .*'All our sailors agreed in calling the new comeryears. The outcome of which ;is that Don Peppinois the most triumphant ot living continental Euro- tion of the Cotton Supply Associationj of Lanca-pean rulers, and Louis Napoleon (the two-fold ille- gitimate) the'most preponderate.shire, a Flax Supply Association had been foundedEnglish, but she obstinately refused to show her col- ors. • ''•''. - ;at/Belfast. Whjle for the five years lending with For the rest of them, since the Conference of 1853, the average importation of flax, with the" At eight of:the steamer, all the little Sicilian boats, hoping for the debarkation of passengers, had started to row toward the mysterious stranger. 'The Caroline E. Foote was to have started from Nicolaeffpky on the 25th November last but on the 24th she was frozen in, and then was held fast until the end of Hay.,aware of this fact but it knows likewise that Gari- baldi is not the man after having accomplished so much, to stop at the P o and Mincio, and Iibrd John BusseB, eager to preserve the peace of Europe, and m the belief that Italy might perhaps, not be yet strong enough to encounterthe forces of Austria, wishedtoenterintoa'conventionwiththeEmperor STapoleon, by which Garibaldi should be stopped on the Mincio;. but the Emperor replied: unless3WctatOT; is n o t to have any foonj of tho intrigues past salvation. To whom Lord Palmerston, in his children at Berlin, and to give subordinate Prince and many lambs haviog perished during the Spring direct line, inflexible as he whom it bore.It is reported that very rich veins of silver ore have been discovered in the south eastern part of the State,journalists have been elaborately proving their pro-Jiddah not long ago, Syria a week ago, Cahdia, found ignorance of what took place at the meeting. The price of wool, already above the average, dur-the report of the shot and the whistling of the ball. Mines." Some of the ore has been brought to this city and assayed, and found tocootainirom $1,500 to $2,000 -" T h e ball fell between the Sicilian boats and the of silver to the tun. The news has been brought ta steamer and exploded. thi& city by a Mr. Farley, a youog lawyer of Orovilley |'Ah!mydearCarini,youwouldhavelaughedhad whowentdowntoOwens Lake onaprospectingex-Constantinople, Belgrade, all Turkey in Europe,may be said to bristle with proofs of the irrisitible P . R. leaves to go to Ostend to confer with Belgianing the period over which the last Factory Reports extend, has since then been continually rising. The rapidextensionof the woolen manufactories,andconflict between Mohammedanism and Christianity King Leopold, but will go to Warsaw to meet Czar—tostatethecasemorelargely,betweenbarbarism' Alexander,towhomalreadyhehassentaletterbyand civilization^—to state it politically, between the hand of his sister, dowager-Czarina, requestingthat the increased demand for mutton;both in,Greatyou seen the panic which rose among the boatmen. "Part of them took shelter behind our yacht, which was hardly sufficient to shelter themfrom a musket orSdition last Spring. [ The AUa, making a report ofr. Farley's statements, says:" The Coso mining region Is about 80 miles »quart, it has for' natural boundaries the sierra Nevada on the west, the lofty peaks of Owens' Mountains on the north, an extensive dry lagoon on • the <ast, which extends around to Darwin's CaSon, andthenee sooth to Owens' Little Lake. In many parts of this district—as far as where our informant explored—the party found evidenco* of rich silver and gold mines. There are indications of copperand iron in .the lower part, where volcanic agency Is noticeable jintegrity of the Ottoman Empire and its impending ,F. Joseph may be invited to said review. P . J&. of Britain and in the Colonies, may be considered asdismembermentPrussia will also receive Queen Victoria and her the permanent causes of this rise in the wool prices. .subordinate husband On their visit to Berlin and As an accidental cause menacing to shorten theHonest John Bright blurted out his opinion in other parts of Germany. This worthy lady is the usual supply of wool, must be considered the pe- pistol-ball.Parliament the other day, that the said Empire's sole European monarch who can travel without culiar character of the season; many sheep having . " In the midst of theseboats, which were flying like non%tervention was once more sanctioned, and the integrity was not worth saving, and was hopelessly political baggage. She comee to see her grand- died during the Winter from bad or improper food, a flock,of frightened birds, a single one kept on in theof diplomacy. inimitably arrogant style, replied that Turkey had consort opportunity to revisit native, scenes of hisThe Ori«ntaJ question now presents still greater reformed itselrmore extensively than any other youth. Kaiser F.. Joseph, awaiting, permissive proved fatal in a few hours.but higher op, where the country has been left undisturbed by < "For he whom it bore was Garibaldi. The fort xuch action, they found gold, sUver and lead outcropping as at Washoe—the leads varying from three to twenty inches in width. continued to fire on the steamer; the balls went too These wore oftesest found sulphurets, though virgin silver w&s repeatedly discovered. One vein paid at the rate of eighty per cent. They also found placer gold diggings, where they got fifty per cent to the pan, bnt the lack of water must, nearly all tho year, prove a serious drawback to working them. Water canonlybeobtainedfromsprings,whicharetenox "But,inspiteoftheEnglishflag,therewasanotherfifteenmilesapart,orbydiggingtenorfifteenfeet,ments in search of raw material. Thus, m imita-from cold, want of food, and by a disease thatThe only trade that was seriously checked duringhigh or too low; none struck her." At the eighth ball only she run up her flag; it wasfearsentertainedconcerningtheeffectsofforeign theEng'iehJack. ","exercised has been gradual, so that at the moment Iwrite this letter more than 13,000 weavers are outof employment in Coventry alone, every loom beingstopped. This crisis is the inore to be regretted, 'City of Aberdeen.'power, sometimes the employer of other labor, as bought his t??o Jooms out and out, or upon credit,and Is paying for thenisO much a week; or he hashiredthenT, probablyfromhis landlord, who is abuilder and speculator. He, besides, hires thepower wanted. There is said to be as much differ-ence now between the work thus done upon theweaver's loom and that done upon the masters', asthere is almost between the French ribbon and the" It will be a time both for pride and for affection.able to stand commercial shocks. It is probable more men. They left Catania for this on the night ofthat the English manufacturer, to cope with his French rival, will be compelled to recur to the em- playment of capital on a large scale, which mustthe 29th. Garibaldi has lost no time since he came herew By Sunday morning he had already made a battery of eight guns at the Faro Point, which is to beabout sixty of*whom have already been seized, but the Alexandre Dumas, in a letter to his friend Carioi, rest have made for the country. About 9:30 a, m..Untitled DocumentWe translate a portion of bis letter:wheel."So Garibaldi is deprived of one of his most power-ance of a camp; some twenty families were scatteredalong the beach, camped under hastily-constructed dinner. He was, however, discovered as he was going tents; others were on board of small vessels at anchor down San Leone. His carnage was immediately sur-rotmded; and, though he protested against it, the near the shore, sheltered by the steep declivity of the horses were taken out, and high and low were1d*i*rtt« come over1: they walk about in the'Neapoli-. I ''Scarcelyhadwe4&etanchorwhenaboatcarrying tanuniform,with*wide-awakeandtri-coloredhaud-jand'^e^ahel^Jbeh^d^ari'hour^we^cupied thatposition, and I trent.onbpaTd.\ ' GMMmmK. •••..' "There was a horse in waiting, and he was soon loet in the Streets of Mela/z1) A quarter of an hour' portion of those formt, comptoc party will eo«n« nell, Deloa Lake, W. W.J J. J. Harley—names far.forniac8—are named an. Germans, who have hst^ rapidly coming round. 1The two factions of the J Quarrel between them. 7. has split, 23 for Breckinn W. Denver, J. A.McDoiXent, Gov. Dooney, and ing men on the Douglas i House and Mint people &iinridge.The Breckinridge men b^jthe evening of the 27th Am " Democrats " to be preeenlderstood that they were inr*and they attended, ontuna 1 outvoted them whenever tumeeting. Breckinridge ha. city,outsideofthelistor' professional politicians. Cfi trict Attorney, tried to speaajWas freqnenuy interrupted t j your handssre Woody;" M w and 6o forth. Suoh quesfangry, and the more furithey taunted him. Welter,lOWS!* ;*» l h a v e k f t a s i c k b e d t b r i v *» y support to Douglas. If Judiof the Democratic Conventioo. 1 support which I have accorbVJ to i cmtte parr/ since I arrived at fhr tvman, iathestrictestsenseo{li havecompelledmetovotefor »«-i where as gentlemen [Sensstioofor a gambler of thirty vears stand FranciscoagainstCot.JackHav*. inated,bewouldhavehadmy•in- vention met and made no nouilna: now I am compelled to take the othe place. Does any man »upj. would remain a daj In the Union un> •oual footing with you of the Mcnhl ' Northern man wi'h Southern princl with constitutional princtples." |This humiliating confessiou I menteduponbymanyofthe m None of the Germans in Ca»ffew of them, will go for Brc for Douglas. A German D< Hshed in this city about tsro news of the nominations w&> Douglas hag. Very soon a: . was employed in the Mint, re*Superintendent, informing that longer wanted.Grasshoppers are doing mue Valley, and also in Honey LakThe Stockton JRepubitcanu count of an affray between vil L&ncha Plana, of Amador Com" Thare bad been a pow-wosr, or i •ontheoccasionofthe marriageof ta« tains to the daughter of the head ofat had beenflowingrather freely ameng tn this excited state, a Mexican applii to assist him in recovering a horse wfc him by the Indians, and which the !possession of one of them. The const for that purpose, about half a mU> 1 plaoe is mere snnnise, as there was him. Whenfirstseen, some six or eiarrow* at him, and he firing his revub he fell, calling out—murder. Hi> wai the rata) wound being by an arrow p> through his body, and remaining in tb aoon given, and the people of the tow the Indiana, and an Irregular fight too Usingfire-arms,some stones, and theand arrows. One Indian was killod, supposed to have been killed.r'The Indian who owned the hone occurredhadbeenfoundinthe chap below his knee. His leg was amputaThe Loncha Plana Dupatck "WhetherHuntsmanorthe Indiai« conflicting testimony. An Indian * Huntsman first, when H. drew Lis shooting umil the Indian fell. By th ot the red devils came on the whi-os arrows Into Huntsman, who finding h treated, the Indians shooting audi bt and ran In different dtreetiois. On* armedandunarmed,hastened to the they found Huntsman expiring, and .tli-ixceptfon of Captain Powell's tribe.« arms. Dr. Bowman and others b» oi squad near the reservoir, and crd--r••< »rmii. One of the Indians drew hi* . Or. B.. which missed him and went tn •evrrely. The Indian then ran, and i mined and was sbout to shoot again, the Doctor giving him tho contents of t. Jn»h this, a dosen or mere shots were bun. The balance of the Indians thaitroesed under a heavy fire from their |£ mounted followed, but were onabU< took to the bills and chapparal."Mort or Mart Howard overtook of vampo Seco. Howard d<nnaud«d '• -• f&sued. Howard shooting at and thru 1 *[lth bi« pUtolt the Indian shot an at ttey clinched, and but for the timely tame with a shovel, and after a few bUmJbdlan, H. would have been killed « akea to Campo Seco. Howasd is not•orood with an arrow to the depth of gaining in hid body."The Bight Rev. Dr. Smith, B* Victoria, on which the City of , •rrived here a few days since, iu *ill go Eastward ou the steamer jf'Justasthey were about a hundred yards off, and we about fifty, a light cloud of smoke was seen on theshot from the fort; it is true, this was the last." W e were then about thirty yards from the steam- er; the turned her prow toward us, and we could read't^6ti'f Injf,.^u^ of"Here, my dear Carini, you have all the detailswhich I can give you. To-morrow or the next day, colored mud—somo scarlet, others a bright yeUow, and other*"Yonxs, >ALEXANDRE DUMAS."time, so that when he passed, he was well received.On his return from the Faro, aU the country houseswere illuminated, and as he passed along, large bon- full of armed men hunting for Wells, who xsetillat.large, ,tri colored flags, without end, hung from the balconies.The people in town were disappointed, however; for that a fight occurred between a constable and hw men,fires, with straw and hay, were made, which gave atremendous glare. The town was illuminated, andA telegram to the city papers thU^mornmg, stateeriage. This morning early he was out, and it 6 not known where he is gone* The citadel will have abouti n both >ides. The oc n.tKbV. * » i An expert in signatures, .~called yesterday at a witness !• regard tof^gSSTSU*t v ***"»•.VGpmw *»p>#*»-*r "^***tv .y^w,!^.**-*.,^.^*^*!*^>The TJnitod States Itfafl Steamship Ariel, from Asphi-The DwnitmlU Q . ansmrmallike an allig teen in Pyramid Lake Jaxdnt, John H. Chao^•<»cheeforthetri Key. Dr. Scott of this The statement is one ethis is the first time xa *fccb animal Bring ini Sacramento N.-v* «*>* WB£*«*hvtfaeSacrawerabiemomentintlU » &8* *H "*•» fo^o^dandsSfopedhenc. * ^ « » d forego portsjjoraefrligl^endai&e.j,, rrobeWynotover1.0f«ft.) mencementofthysprir,.n.•of AogwSt, andthaiibsmthopast two rears."\ \ TM Columbia Tim*', miser, who has a dak County, found an, ei*{*- black asjet-elsolhe tol-totheinterestofthediss] and several other ponil found at a depth of o > ^ face, the various strat*' jpoeed of gravel and sua** of a darky-gray color, •. J every conceivable shsH^el ounces to hnndreds «»f * MountainUthewoud>famous in 1855, a high varying from 300 to *»• 1,(X»feethighabovetis the bed ofa former bed are found some of U* These ancient river begullies often have indsa when once discovered, a they are in a gold-beau^The repeated robberi** from the mines has led safe made of boiler iron, stage in the mines, a&d euch a way that it cannot-difficulty. The keys of the offices of Wells, F: Company having charge ibrought down from the t The bark Onward arrhJapan, with a small careTotal...E. Kelly &Co.,1,078box©*aU>erore;J.F.Joy,4ftboWdo,*•#•*•»•#**•••#•#•*»•• ».••»•»•••*«>.4798,88ft-cans hope to carry UaUfoj ing many accession*, an-•••  