 it •tbe pfeeiactK of UM?City Hail woa'J be crowjki th* iUy. .«..! ,n nrder** Cut liter--a ask of, Japan'as |wecb»-s mMfR•tatE* , -aa Indian ana, soon made them aa damp as if they hadrb.-Tin evolutions were all succeasful, but tbe "order arms'"was effected with so much anenracy and precision—the The deputation alighted from their carriages in the or- with great interest tte proceeding*. He appeared also to"IV*» toe awn_ ,MlEBV to SUd *«wa, 6e «4K*JIWXI. it, »**J ' s n M « i m i l antil tte ante •anyoa*'Jwtora "i'in tte least.H :^f> , Jr., at iika-ww* *n**aaty Mrwck wit* tar ehawl, feltit>w jar**y rrmuywmi. As*t HEC W1ft*** ' Hi.*k HSBCtl* Jlt..1partitirn betw e n histtwtfMf. .-...•••.Bmrj out a *saw not*- of these calh-d in requisition, however, we are Jpetiplr, no one who has been brought m contact with toe J ef the various entrances' to-tke Hn!t, and strictly unable to -peak deflattely upoe the subject. These trow* AsBaawae tee fluted to discover a gwtihty, goad breedingMMtte city of New Yerkclues of UM Damn a* thevi tte plains ^ a whk& theylence. He is evkteally a sharp man, and does not belie Mayor Wood declared that tte Japanese must come to tte come an expret before te Irarew to« •ewtry Tte pair the apj«'llatiou he received in Washington of being the City Hall, for the City Hall would; not, to any were then taken to Fowler Y. and a pteeatdogtcat ."JCII-moved down Broadway in UM order given below, aad ••pmed —to labia vubmr though STWiaaini Hinn llsaie amid the acclamations of the public:—before his Honor the Mayor, the Japanese and Dutch inThe appearance of toe Orientate caused all eyes to be terpreter being oa the right, next the principal Ambassa and tte captain, in order to avoid intrudingoi remembrance, let toe articles be of such a character at shall be worth tte transportation to Japan, and let them be presented in such a way as te testify tte esteem of tte donors and receive that of Uie Japanese, and not as mere advertisements of wares. New York can afford toand artisan, the factory girl and tbe seamstress, troop along ita pavement* and asaaajtom to their daily uceupa- toma, at noantide tbe ceaaebwa din of trade and the bustle of aa active w n r n i are heard on all sides; aadofnightbegintoclose around,tte toilers are to be seen "to numbersthing of interest, and endeavor to render your sojournby reason of their local or official position, believed them- among us agreeable and advantageous. Knowing the fa- During the morning the Ambassadors received tte pre- arisen from tba very question, and it is to tmit might be thought nocturnalces we so recently described. Although there were aut half so many persona in the streets sa on Saturday ban. tnt gathering waa by no meansbat he was represented by his staff, of whomgo was then- martial stride, t0*CT» gray*-***«*t«**«arwta>sa;-Uu«ttikufait to*Wtf tnW>--wef. u, u m>*xi, n»i,.ig aktwt aVaik-fa wife axrrfmr'M tr««u tin* **-te*4 lawr* of utow- ftoiiW taw* ateugbs c**.: ton uv**oa,teu*YORK HKBALQ, TUESDAY,wtoa all New T«w% semsted togtotog anr Oriental gwestos brillaut rareptavb. ft was well a*i>r*«uol Uwtths: 'tte pin«.- ora terht't. t«- only.anr«e»as»fe c«a*-ri*«>i4*d wt«ti:l have nana enough far aay might be a* amfus'ina or diitlwrhawi'v nf any kind. with a hog*LUuVrvitr-awy ferity?, b-ittte*r>upkafNi*wYork a n teyen* all ordinary •»*•«*•» -a htew power* •akaltoaaBt.m «r ana or HOMOS.It sot J. hnamr Bu*.-wi» that the f**tar-t *nrea*b was InSsjaiiuteodentKennedydesnttHtoia*fumdvediuutthirtyat hiafcarked aw* to do duty at the City Hail- Ataa r:ir!y bi-'ir tn ton morning a portion of tbe detstehrre-xt tnnk prk*-tamedlittlepar»*> „,- ,. v '•I «<f b»*»«* arste WaOaanj oo lh»tr m yto ite City It..i U*i^rai *a*dfofd awaej » general orderz**-n.~f turtpn-i.11.ifofte,lataItoraX*E*y<tteaia«ath*;t|«pti»(r» i.YWfcsvavsHy.andttetroopoftere* aCtot-tea teste e-waa were *tm •lesired to report toiitomg., tbe Superintendent aad hisdenaty t>iMng rtresem.'tb-u*-•• v»-» to il*- .t-'jutsintOiitf'ralatttm R«»rett H«HJ*«, a* -a '»•'••" V' tix <"«:aawu«r-to-Cbte(. Th- regta aat and trw>p mrmumut, puraMUit U< dw««:ttoa, to Ike piacmand by comptiaare with their directions on ibe part of their subornmates, the mom perfect order was secured."There is more language,"saidhe,"aonebowand «nteofaJapasawetawnawholesentearefromsmnypm> ple. *' It a eamkatieafly true, and if mate of our cBi- an* ha high pares keen toeir weather eye open, they will learn more genuine gnnd breeding from these original•TSBBBBI taaaaVi BanaaaTfaBattaV 111atMJIaatllJI aaaf? *aa*Hatt afAkawkt •aaTSill team asansag kawST smmaT^aUaaaK snaaaagC^Bjgsaj a j | ayy gsm^s, asw asa^Dw a v C a r J B vwould have supposed those persons addicted to tbe use ogreatly fallen m then* estimation, and by tte time of tosh* departure ttey were able to praise aaaa of toe features of oar metropoffe, without complacently adding, " But then we;have is Philadelpha, you know " These gentlemen were heartily welcomed, and were hospitably entertained.ntCARATfOJfg FOB THB BaOTrTION.The Japanese are a people who valne etiquette most highly, and are a* punctilious in regard to their everyhonor, and Spaniards in toeir forms of address. In tteir shirt beaom of toe clerk tor glove*, by ami am* of tbatbe tacltoBMBt increased, t t e utmost anxiety w a s ex- to am the begammg of tbe procession. Many an tomsd up Broadway to catch the Brat dkitadcdecency to have squirted their tobacco juice direction than on tbe uarssw passageof thelatetoscorching beonv with a urofuaeaeiw only known in tropic two, escorted by tbe Seventh regiment, and their climes, feopiebeganu>*mceunder Iksheataaddust. appearancewasthesignalforgreatcheering.head, seemed to salsify his curiosity. There n also a combinationofeaseanddignityineverything hedoes, and whether listening to an address, respoudtug to the same, exchanging a aalutatiou or viewing a display, otichand, for other articles ia an equally utostrartate manner. One uf toe doc*.*-*noompmti-d by Toeimy went, *n charge of Major W. W. tetoad, to Brady* Uatery, and took a lesson in paougrapnmg. (toe doc-But stiii no one seeaied inclined to give up the pruouneai place he had gamed by force of araas aad dint of pen* veraore.While tbe Embassy were betag received by the Mayor and the city authorities, the mditory grounded arms, and no incident worth noting took place until the appearancecannot bat exhibit tte respect te inspires.Prince Orguro Bungo No-Kami, the Censor or chiefbehalf, therefore, t t e Naval Commission raised t t e ques-tion whether it was in strict accordance with toe require-ments of toe code of etiquette for Bnhaunador* of toe Ty-coon , representatives of a great emperor, to call upon UM tor a to become a r - r -*•" •tudeat of lis*tbe people lowdly called far it again, aad, when Ike com-etiquette which is observable in all their movementsmanding officer obliging ly caused tbe men to perform tka First came t t e principal Ambassador, Sianme Buojsen No- movement a second time,tbevastcrowdapplaudedtotbe -very echo that did applaud again." A division was Kami, accompanied by Capt. Dtrpont, who politely trans-then told off to form an avenue from tbe front of the ferred him to the arm of a member of the Committee ofCaptain Dupont informed us that te was one of themost rising young man in his country, and on his return allowed every reasonable opportunity to see the Japan tte Embassy. The Japanese are allowed te order whatever•re atoost as well kbows to them as tbey are to the <to- hotel to the line of carriages provided for tbe reception Arrangement*. Next arrived Ogoore Bongo No-Kami, the of tbe Cooncilmen and .Embassadors, which tbey did lattey pMsse, and indulge somewhat in champagne and tight wines. but not to any excess a* yet. They do not aeeaa te like to be tou lamiiiar with imiie* Tbey arastoi tbe agrssa of airy hot tbose h»vtog_e*»;^ii ^potieeforcetooktheirpositions iast!eandouividethenarystrawsandalsafbiscountry,toebandsofwhich, alikewithtbesocks,dividedtke greattoefromthelittleBoth as regards shape and comfort they are bung affairs, givtog to toe individual m walking a shuffling*l UK a—iaaMd tawca, at to* knar »bwv« aaawat, wuere Lto-y todeed, with oae or two alight exception?, tte ga.it—anytiling buta dignified appearance, and toe oorj orientate while tbey are among aa tana they have evertorawd , uito praf«r pmotm iaam Br«M<t«^y to tke "m* prt^arad lar t t e aawckgatheringin thePark,which numbered antreams lahk aad although theyfound m the guide bonk* to politeness which tteir lack require* them tu keep—as they da their after speeches constantly on hand.THE JAPANESE AT THE HETROPOLTTAJI.Tte Metropolitan was all alive yesterday moraing witfc preparations for toe official reception of tte Embassy by Governor Morgan and Mayer Wend at tte CMyandcsaapelled to suad is a hot sun for three boors, theyinducement about ahem to a Yankee's patronage w tke easy manner m which they can be kicked en and off.Thai shoe is SIIBBJMIOit to be tte style ef tte original sandal worn in toe early ages ef t t e world. From his tash projected forward the handles af his two swords— toe catanna a a d ksykaiaee—which, unlike those ia daily use, were of the rietest description. He also wore during tte ride a pair of handsomely embroidered silk glove*, with gauntlets seviswl laches to length, but oa entertag the presence of toe Mayor they ware removed, and exdared t t e physical fatigue with commendahUM juvenile portion of tbe spectators climbed theand thus were aaasssjsi from thescorching rays of tte sun, aad the esptotos changed ton men at intervals to re» gapte tbe waa brigkt, but tte aea. Tbeof Ikehas a jaffjaats oh v complexion, something of t t e ten of a bamboo walking been dipped to the nver to Ike crowd thickened aad the weed would have bad sufficient sense of propriety cane, with a tinge of copper, aad a about forty years o.otker aatxaw threw•Jtad Tbeday*——•—btow m aiigkUyt•IhPeB •si«d_e!w••a•l•ks•» bwawn TheThw did not addtheir exwrtiens for piTte deputation from tte PhttaleipbJa Committee of Jte lieve them from the oppressive heat. The windows ofUK- posed a small, delicate, neat-tookiag tend, of which any rangements, whocame to Sew York with tteCity Hall and ef tka adjacent hotels and other building- 1 lady might be proud. Hw bead was newly shaved, hair and took part in tte reception of Saturday nunwould doubtless be promoted to u high place in the gov- esc, who are provided with a private entrance iv Niblo's In iililirtoiarihjasB.ekii • iinbaa—ilj smwsktbwwai ihuli tbe usual perfect style of tbe corps. They took op tbe third Ambassador or Censor, in company with Capt. Lee, ernment. He is even now consulted in all the important and Christry's saloons, and are allowed to go into thedespite all tbetr ridienises attempts at pre- position assigned them in complete order, amid the pro- who handed him over to another member of the Commit- discussions ofrthe Embassy, and though so young his .street, in charge of police officers. Par securityaaireey. Tbey bare, in some instances, en- longed roll of tbe drum. Tbe order was then given— tee; then Morito Okntoru, the Vice Governor, Naruse Gen- opinions have great weight What renders him stillagainst solicitation and annoyance tte committee rely, in mostly married men, and their wives analdeavored to sbab the ftpsrtsriof tte press,buthave tionsoftkepeiepltsagdefenders of tbe public peace intoiled aa aajnaily to the attoaapt as to tbetr Pickwickian the locality of tbe doorway of tka hotel, gave certain aJdermabie oriliasa D M atototos of Ik* press have warning that the Ambassadors were approaching. Their shaven crowns soon after appeared, slowly emerging from brand means for triumphiagovereveryobstacle tbm tbeinteriorofthebuildingaaonebyonetbeywerees- east in tbetr way, and by tka mere ferae of their perao- corted to their seats in the softly cnsbioeed carriages.veraace and aneeaajwarabk) perttoacity, tbe public havebeen kept uastiaetil isbssishu mattora to which tbey rare deeply interested. Jte NewYorkers bains; thus.siro,tteTreasurer,andShnkaraJhogoro.ayoungprince, or ratter tte sen of a prince, one of the principal officers attached to tte Embassy.more interesting are bat rapid acquirements in the Bag-lab language, to which be givesallattentionpossibleThe f*ve Japanese we have mentioned are all officers othe Tycoon's househokl, connected with the federal gov trusion. No person is allowed to enter that part of tte••Present •xnu'," and the shuffle of feet sad active exer-a great measure, upon the inherent politeness of New Yorkers;but,lest curiosityshouldgettoebetterofpru- dence, the hotel arrangements are adapted to prevent indaughters are remarkable for tteir reserve teforn ftrangers. Any undue familiarity, then, or event hat familiarity which a usual m to* coun- try offends tteir sense of propriety. Ttey have been cobjected te no annoyance from this quarter as yet, how- ever,andseemgreatlytoenjoytoesocietyoftteatdiesjPolice.. jieveiitb. Regiment Engineer CorpsTreasurer, accompanied by the Interpreter. Governor, accompanied by aa Alderman. Tho Secretaries, accompanied by Councilman. Two inferior servants with Aldermen. Aldermen and Councilmen in carriages.dor, and Captain Dupont on tte left, flanking toe Vice- directed towards one spot, and amid a hum of sensation, Governor.have always been (bund in tbe vicinity of every aaport-T ninliij HIIIIISIJ H••iimini hjIki sniiiilaajl "Tcspeaktrulyandasofageneraloccurrence,thislead-ing artery of tbe city's commerce, fashion and activity toseldom or never empty. la tka early sasrn tka laborer Third ambassador, accompanied by Cant. Lee, V. 8. N. the most strenuous efforts were made by hundreds, who largest in America. Weshall cheerfully show you every-upon t t e privacy of his charges, has signifiedhis resolution to give billets to none but those who havebusiness with t t e Japanese, and whose presence in theirapartmentsisnecessary. OfficersPearceandPrice,of4tbe continueitsexatence withoutattemptingUtedrammgofDrummers.Bind. SeventhRegimentssGuardofHonor. CarriagecontainingAldermanBoonandothers. Chief Ambassador, acaaaaaanasa byCapt. Dupont.L' S. N.which indicated tte undiminished curiosity of the public, theyslowlyascendedttestepsontheirwaytotheGover- nor'sRoom. TteCommitteeof Arrangementsbad been careful in issuing caras of admission, and thoughTte formal introduction being complete, the Mayor ad dressed them as follows —toe qutotescenoe uf stolidity.And so every one to hismonstrations uf hospitality, it is by such kindly offices dress, while grouped behind him were Adjutant-General towards each other that the friendship between the twoTowueeud, Quartermaster General Mitchell, Colonel Thom- countries will be secured and maintained. This city has son, Major Sfcidmore, and other members of the a peculiar obiect in toe promotion of such relations. We hope that a trade, alike reciprocal and mutually advan- Governor's staff, in uniform. Major-tieneral Sand tageous, will be the result tending still stronger to bindford, of the First Division, WHS absent from the city, tbe countries together in bonds of amity and brotherhood.Thus the great East and the great West will be cementedby a communion of interests, whilst Europe, not with therewere present in uniform. Colonel Morell, Senior standing her boasted superiority over both of us, willOtheer of the First Division; Airgeon eieyre; Assist- learn by our example that trade can be extended without8CBKX AhOKG TBS BOCTS OF TBSsince the early Did not vary materially trmii these exciting circumstan-_they have been but too happy to moved towards the ball of public reception, the denserTheir nation's glory' declare— Their guests that nation's pride !having tost the favor of an tosigndtoant one. The nearer tbe processioowvementa of the dreamywere the aianaea wedged together Stage driversantburgeonWoodward.LieutenantColonelliixby,war. and that liberal principles can be disseminated with-They gloried thus to honor. From the origin realms afar.' Ambassadors, wiiii honors ci'.wued. With naught their State to mar ,Princes, of innate dignity Prom orsmtai clime.Who then were trading on our shore*. Ne'er sought until that time : Strangers to us. in every sense,And we te them the same, Menofanation,untiluow,Scarce heard of, but by name. No wonder that so proudlyColumbia's sous strode forth Conducting those of sultry lands Through cities of the North 1Sons of another bctnisptere So different m race—Their language altogether strange, Scarce understood its grace.Yet they have come among usDepending on our truth.The grand, tbe noble, and the proud,The middle aged aad youth,Fearless with us are meeting ' And why this honor shown rWhy uo they confidently more 'Mid beings scarcely knownrWhat heard they m tar distance Of this, Columbia's soil 1What of our riches did ttey lease ? What of our sons of toil rWhat of our power and might f They saw tbe star of liberty,That clothes our realms in light ; This must have been the beaconWhich led them to our shore, Gave them desires tc- see our landAnd it* vast seees explore. We yield toe tend of fellowshipTo t h m , with joy and pride,And gladly welcome tteen as friends While we toeir movements gust- ,And while ttey learn our greatness We raise ear voice in air,And cant toe song of liberty We far tte world preusrcStrength from above our staff arid stay WhiletreatinGodoarcoursedoth,*u*vMew York, Jane 11. IMCTokayaro, tte Interpreter;. Mr. Portman, the Dutch inter bandbox.form then- duties strictly, but without any impoiitenee from New Yorkers, one of toe cancer* bemg or assumption of undue authority. To toe vestibule presented with a hne opera gkwe tow leadingtotheirprivate rooms nooneaadmitted,aswe morning. Ifourcitizensmustgive therevisiterstokenspreter of our own government, and one or two of the at- teadABtt of tte Embassy.THE 8PXBCH OF MAYOR WOOD. WelefttheJapanesedelegationarrayedinadoublerowselves entitled to the privilege, the passes were confinedprincipally to a favored few of the friends of the committeetigue attending the numerous ceremonies through which you have passed since your arrival in this country, we shall not press any public attentions not altogether con-sent of a magnificent flower pagoda, ten feet high and twelve feet in circumference, formed of bouquets of natu- ral Bowers, trom the garden of Beuj. Wood, Esq., brotherPrior to tbe advance uf the main procession a Guard of and a single representative from each of the daily papers sistent with your own wishes. The first duty of hospi- of the Mayor uf New York. In their remarks upon thisHonor,consistingofthirty-twomenoftheSeventhregi- ment troop, marched down Broadway, escorting his Ex- cellency Edwin 1). Morgan, (Jominauder-in-Chief, and hislesque u]H>n the JajMUiese style in front ef hw Museum, and tti tilitoi Even to the drear hours of Bight, whoa awaited the advance of toe main procession, The central or mum apartment of the Governor's Room ply Your Excellencies arc aWarc that m this city lived tion in the lower hall, at the entrance to the reception with handbills to dartribute. This "dodge" will seem aa•eiuaily movtog tokabitonts of tbe great city are to be seen gialmg about hsto sprites to the glare of tka flickerjuncture the division of horse joined the infantry, de- ploying on either side of the carriages. Tbe hand was all this time playing some most exquisite selections from thefreshly frescoed ceiling, its tasty arrangemeni of themunicipal portraits, and new carpet, presented an apofoarbay,anttoallhours,andunderallcircuui- m atwav* a reserve guard of iiaraawil eye- i avenue to avenue, and from street toorconcourse of persons of graniteappearedtobegreatlydelightedatthe exciting especially at the movements of toe muiury* but whether the thrilling strains of clarion, horn and trumpet had any effect on them it was impossible to say, so dull and sioiul did they appear, while our own people were in apparent ecstocies. But it may be that their mode of en- joyment is bettor expressed by what to us appears to betbemaidsofthedistinguishedvisitors. you as the. representative of the L'uited States lumnsoftheHxaaiD. Wethereforegive, asoneof toe The ancient writing table of Washington was placed at to your Government. We recollect with grateful feel- Auwieurs d ocmnon. tte follow tug:—IMFKOJOTi; LINKS, gCGOKSTKB BY THE RECEPTION. The scene was all magnificence.andgardensoftbehotel,weresummonedtetbewindows by the signal announcingTHE RKTVltN OP THE AMBAaWAPOBB.and in an instant th. street in front of tte hotel was cleared. and the gallant .-<•venth was descried approach- ing lrom tte City Hall. The crowd about tbe Metropoli- tan was immense, and toe fine appearance of the regiment was loudly cheered, even before toe -acorthad arrived within two blocks ot the note! In double columns, marching on either side of the carriage*, the regiment escorted t t e Ambassadors te t h e private door , and. acci*i|«uted by the Naval Commission, aad de- clining -eats on tte balcony tothe drill. on t t e plea of fatigue, lnimi-ulately conducted te tteir rooms, lrom the windows of which tbey could have a tine i.h* of the evolutions.The troops countermarched to the front of tte hotel, formed ui line, presented arms, and then marcted down the street, a Japanese ofiV-er marching with the rear tiles aud curiously inspectuig their a c - coutrements arid movements. In a tew mo- ments t t e regiment again passed t t e hotel, in review order, with full company front, pr. sent ing their usual ton? and soldierly appearance. Th**ir evol'rtioBB, performed with sis-h finished eceiiraey were apt>!a.*tea by t t e Japanese !.' i.-ss heartily that, by the e n w d After the de|»irture o' the regnaeat tbe cr»»WW swiirmed before the hotel, and there were a f<-w crU- tor "Tommy:" nei. as usuai. yri*-< order was uiaiav tauie,; and there was not enough i«n*>- to annoy p> i^ons of ordinary nerve.- aad temperanin-nt.THKIK onsrKM or TH* snmeTnowas freely ex{>re**ed by tte Ja|*ams-, aad was veryceeded as far as Spring street, where they most agreeable to youabelves, and we shall readily com- This th lighttul present was placed in a conspicuous posi-out coercion lnst.-ao af compelling commercial inter and MMjorsJoues, Richards. Foster ami Bradford; course, as some o! the enlightened nations of Europe are Among the cituens were Oi. Alexander Hamilton. now proposing to do witii the East, we have obtained this privilege through tte influence of the olive branch to be so, despite of the* frequent they did. our Bastern friends would h~ve heard sum- PekiKib Perrit, Esq., Hon G**». Opdyke J Depeyster alone. May Ute people of all nations come together mswore rada oaths at toe necessity that ejected them not ao. The assembly from Broadway—their ordinary universal empire—and •a vwinity of tbe hotel waa very it waaa fortunate thing for the Embassy that these irate Jehus did not understand the Japanese vernacular; for, ifof wtock It waa composed Peo- m the saost eligible peaces tor a few hours •tiltoeircuriositywaaif ill,whentheywouldtorn on to mate raoas for Ike surgmg sauiaantty Sowing oa to the centralmary translations of some of the briefest and yet must significant expressions in the Knglish language, which, on duly reporting to toe Tycoon, that distinguished func- tionarywouldprefertoripuptte"abdominalregion"to the moat somBaary manner possible, rather than adoptOgden. and the Common Council.The Ambassadorial deputation, preceded by the Com-miltee,havingenteredtheroom,tbefourprincipal officers ranged themselves in a line in front of the table, and were severally introduced to Mr. Wood, by Capt.like spirit, on like principles, so that the arts, civiliza- tion, liberty, self-government, fand universal good will, shall be established among men, now and forever. 1 agauiwelcomeyoutoNewYorkasthehonoredguestsof the city authorities.the sacred dialect uf toe Children of the San. To to tte discomfiture of tte knights of tte whip, theirEach*sentence as it war delivered was translated first into Dutch by Mr. Portman. the government interpreter, "bad lock to tte likes v ye" was moderately Dupoat, according to their rank. With an easy, well and then into Japanese by the quaint, swarthy, smilingmet by t t e foreign Ambassadors ia toe most friendly spirit, wlthnflonriah of their two sword handles—* circumstance have extirpated every bostue feeling from toe hearts of toe slow -driving fraternity, ha a matter of iatoiast t t e stage drivers were uWiguaul, ant ao oaeaay notice of their indignation, except a few scowlas to duty bound, -everybody as t t e best possible humor. The Japanesewith friendly cheers wherever they came. Repro- of t t e far at* Eastern stands, tobred air, they removed their kmg grey gloves, reachingalmost to toe elbow, snd in a dignified manner exchangedwith the Mayor the American salutatioB of sluicingbands, their attendants behind, meanwhile, bowing low, listening keenly to every word uttered. All bowed atef flags, ambrslkn, and otter cariosities, were sue- of Brued-antacipauottofateofficialreceptioneftte by toe Mayor There seemed to be asto, exhahitedaaiIMSthewithout attempting to press forward and imitate the ex- ample of their grave superiors. Tbe entire delegation were radiant with the glory of clean talmas, spotless pijameu, aad unreproachabie gaiters of white, while their richly mounted swords added go the natural dignity of theirthe end of each sentence. and a pleasant smile uf their expressive faces almost spoke their gratification.Ou the delivery of the Mayor's address, toe chief Am- bassador turned 'for a moment to toe Censor, and then with h a face bent upon the interpreter, spoke s s follows:return so soon u> t t e bote!.delurhted with the manoeuvres of tte {Seventh rejMBacat, aad *M-med never te- tire af expressmg their gratiBcatifln. Thank* to Uie rare ot tt**» Commute* of ArraesrcwseBU, all of tte nsteial ceremonies in New York have tons far made a favorable unureesaa upon our vasiter*, snd wita toe same cur* tteir entire visit to New York will ha equaiiy delightful.» THErnorniette Continental Guard. Cast Laa*sag, visited tte hotel,but were refused permission to see t t eUponLansingrefusal and t t e withdrawal were atg«»id taste, for if such a .precedent had ones been established, every target company count have insated upon a s right to mtrade anon toe Japsaaa princes. Tte City Guard. Cast. Lovett. detsrhted toe l*p*n*sr by a parade and a display ttpany asnsud Ute hotel. Theerrgme compansw *i*oand the Oriental* seemed greatly pteaaed at to novel turnout. W e hope that t t e aVeaaa'B |8nOB£H OF TUB CHUT AMBASSADOR.The Embassy are extremely obliged to your Honor for tteir handksssjtoefe—toe ordinary presence. Their attire appeared a littlestiff and starched, tbe kind wishes you baa* expreaffed, aad tte kind wel- of gtvtag three cteefl*and a tiger—chd- and was evidently got up for tte occasion, with a due come extended to us. We are happy to state that toe treaty between Japan aad toe United States has been duly ratified at Washington, and we trust that perpetual peace and friendship will exist, and that commercial in-consideration of the importance of a presentation to t t e Mayor of t t e Great Jeddo of America.h i t singular fact that the Japanese are seldom to be seen twice sa the same garments for they have aeaaasaaosi like propensity for change. A description of one of their number. therefore, would, by no means,apply to another. Indeed, it would take tte woman who tttied ato a novel with t t e description of alaag, as eater into all tte details of ateof a Japanese, for with their spread of mcipteui peUMoats mantles and-other portions of raiment, not excepting tte universal fan; none ant a woman could stand before thesetercourse, constantly extended, will be its result.The ktavor bowed bis acknowledgments.After a brief pause, the chief Ambassador, through theinterpreter, mid that owing to the illness of Ute second Ambassador te was unable to be present at toe recep- tion, but would have bean happy to meet him.The Mayor said a wount have afforded him pleasure t.do so.MDtABKS Off OOVffBNOB atOKOAN.Ha Exceuency Guviruar Morgan was then introduced totte Embassy. aad adnrrasnd them as follows:—Yocn BxatiABscna—I am most happy to meet you atte representative* of t t e government of Japan, and man exphuaatiosi ef Ute withdrew hw reqae*t,JUNE I t , 1860.-TEIPL1SHEET.ewrtautlydrrtog their brief stay to Mawawjyafewmtowto*, and tte earrtaga*, toe sjubsimy pr«r**>d«d down stairs aad agate resvssed their places m toe JIMMWIUVat ahalt affair was nf a w*«t agr-eabfe ih'tracter. aad mas*anewreeaDedtotheirauBdwbytte<-<ettrastthe re-gfc handling tbey have receivtd by Washing!chiefly occupied by ladies, arte made desperate oiled and creased m thorough Japanese style, aad toe ten for borne yesterday evenlag, after being present at tte faansaaw of a lapaasse gentleman was as perfect as itefforts with their fans to keep cool urn11the arrival of tbe could be made by taste and art. This mode of arranging official reception. On Sunday they ware driven throughleading from the gats to tke Governor's Room was well guarded by poticemen, whoNeither of toe prevent toe use of tobacco by tbe spectators, ao proveage. He has a long face and a peculiar nose, whs:li. com pared with other measjifflrn of toe Embassy, te his most noticeable feature. B. is too thia to be Jewish, and is not exactly a Roman, but one of those kmg curved noses which Napoleon said he always found upon ton shrewdest men. His eyes are small, but keen, and though they seem to seathrough which tka ambassadors ware to be/ conveyed to at* Ike white cockades, aad many an ear was tbe reception room. The Irst indication which toe crowdthey laaaaaatai in keeping it clear, could notare handsome enough to " Tte principal ewe,the floor presented a filthy appearance, uo whom we with aa a man of small frame. fountains and dirty looking statues, seemed toatretcbed forward fie' the Irst deep top of tbe warlikedram. But tor a km* time no loafbnr or plume came inview, nor did tbe distant roll of echoing cymbals fall which were beard at a quarter past one, and shortly after nothing, not an object escapes them. His perceptive span the ear. Tbeheat ail tbe while increased with tbe wards (tov. Morgan and his special aids entered the City faciilUes, as is the case indeed with all the principal offi-bad of Ike near approach of the Embassy was the soul- thrillbig strains of the band of tbe Seventh regiment,in regardaaerce af New York city, and, todeed, of t t e whale cawn- try From Apptetaa's t t e party went to bard * Taylors, and made several rwrehares, ta»Miag aaaa fayaag Bar most of t t e articles in spite of opposition from tile prav prieter*. Ttey asked for linen by towrhtog tkajourney ef the sun, to the tokoitc discomfort of tbe mul- Hall and proceeded to tbe Governor's Boom. The cials, are well developed, and a single glance around thetitude Tbe "god at day'' poured down bis effulgent but Ambassadors entered tbe Park at five minutes of room and upon the gathered crowd, without turning his movement a* Frenchmen are said to te upon potato oftte ba-r is that which gives sock a feminine cast to theirtte Central Fark, aadwith Its admirable arrangements aad natural Fairmount, with its immense flight afJtt tost tbe patient crowd were doomed to be rewacded of the princes on Ibe buieony to witnexs the evolution* oifor their unflinching endurance. Far away from the high- our crack regiment, when the eyes of the multitude were adviser of Uu: Itoibaaay, is quite a short gentleman, with Mayor of a city. In all other cities t t e Mayor* have visi- art, aad will be furnished with aatrumeta b ylnvaiaa af the New York Stole Militia, which of cavalry and infantry *wept tk>wn Broadway with the ever saw in their own country.ursi Prune, the difference being mainly in the colors and figures of his hnad legged trowsers.Embassy kept their rooms most of the time, and but few that ccrt.,,n indescribable r<:i:. n. :.: .>: look and manner wandered about the hotel Early in tte morning the which enable* tte observer te -is :..-gt:wh tte genttemaacrowd begun to gather upon the opposite -sidewalk;, from tte isxir Those wis *—•*• v~ibs- during the ab-toeiraa«l twidierly, •aad jperfect, tbetr atop was k mlarge, well developed bend, almost Websteriau in its pro- portions,aladileforehead.straighteyes—ratherAmerican- ish in their regularity—and a face and features generallyand gradually increased until all passage was obstructed.Thepeoplewereperfectlyorderlyandquiet, and exceptan occasional call for Tommy from small boys with pro-sence ct tor Ambassadors were chieBy soldiers, and they made themserves quite familiar » •'•• visiters. Children, especially, attracted l....; ..:•-.it..- . and to-y Would compare Uie * « • - .-i lie- litto* imr*regular and precise march of veteran troops, tbe stpecto- The band played several appropriate pieces during theav brilliantly paraded ia this city on Saturday> at»i be •' scared up" a tbe universe In every tilled their hearts. There was beferu their faces a signal -!»•< lac tc When the marching was concluded the car of the finest looking men in the Embassy. He has ators could not restrain tbe emotxiae of pleasure which exercises, which contributed greatly to the interest of tbe flaw aad living pruof of tbe solidity of true republican tnstitu rluges drew up m front of the Halt, and the Ambassadorstkmg. Abendofbrotherslinkedusretherbytireoflove. vacated tbe balcony, and.attended by thecommittee.Monta Okatero, the I V e Governor, is, to our mind, oneof patr iot»m and aa%ction, ctotbini in tbe braiiaut uadorm proceeded to take their xettts, and departed in the nametfwil da earas ** txcelk-ot ats that uf their own proud nationality, tramping boldly and fear- order m which they arrived. They were escorted by the expressive of great goad sense and determination of pur-portionate voices, there was no shouting at the Japanese. wito that of their own oOpmiug, tar nway Aboutnineo'clockthecrowdweregratified bytheap- intheEast,withalltteappearsse-<c"toadandIr-viaa;fatliers eonversing with tie- little .«!•- at home lbosn pearance of several officers, w n 0 came upon the balcony, who witnessed this exhibition •! parental affoctssn fott•t IkearmyuftbefiecundEmpire lesslyutbeIioipiritiugiwiuiideoflieirownnationalmu- SeventhregimenttotheMetropolitan,andtbemultitude pose. He is evidently very smart, and p-rlutpsotibeAJaeravtIt aay aaa& atys aufkt tkat w contrary to thjs, be ettber sic , and pret>enting a front to cheer the hearts of frk-ud* that had gathered along tbe route in Broadway remained more than any other manifests a mental saperiorityand u hid the foeman beware. The noble soUien) walked to witness their return to the hotel. The crowd were un- over his tawny brethren. His age is about forty-three,grievuaary or wilfuliy Stoiitra. Let Ike rivals of with bead erect and the regular fall of mauly feet, in the sparoig in their criticism* upon the personal appearanceand good living has given to his form a rotundity whichcontrasts strongly with the somewhat bony corpuruci- cries for Tummy. as if to uidicate/tlw.t he was not pre-New Tark, wko would league baots,would be halter tofret ai a surlytag pace. Jta:Tbe military dacptay mttriunpk a t tkat it Saturday liar. While t t e abaatar efaia iof yestorday dtd , aa of tkaTfce pupls of Mew York, awkhc sraawa of their Bumeroo* jouraaieThus they are aaktoa or aaver token by surprise on greatfufl eoenciousueM' of their own tnagniacent appearance, ol the represeatativt'S of the Tycoon, some remarking and that they were deserving of the plaudits which tbey that they were a very intelligent looking set of men, everywhere received from their delighted feuow eitiaens. while others did not hesitate to express a contrary opinionBVOLITIONS Of TBK laVTgNTH •WlaUMT. Everybody was inquiring for "Tommy," and when it The regiment soon neared tbe headquarters of the Em- was learned that be was not among the troupe, expres-ties of the other ofheofs.Naruse Geusiro. the Treasurer, is a little old gentlemanwho has evidently seek so much, and been feasted to suchlooked up and down the streets, shook their heads at toe sent, and then bvwed and disappeared.OCCCrATIONS OP Taut JAPANESE.About an hour after live of the officers crossed the street to Burr's jewelry store aad to Frederick's gallery,better a««piHiiiti-.l with tlie ,Ui«.oe~- tt^Ul ev--r be- fore, and by this show ct that commno feel- ing which all respect, they navie IIK-II:—iveg friend* sooner than ttey nwikl f«««ibly teve daum by any otter means. They talked anung Uicmselvea sumewhat of the recent advices from .Kpan traltsiatefl for tliem m< Si.iHlay hut s»--in< .1 dtsincluied te give any expressHWof opinion in lvga. d t / the account* ol tbe aa-an extent, as to have become almost iudiflerent to every- bassy, where they were pal through the manual skaxs of disappointment wore heard on every side. One thing passing around. He did not manifest the same at- aad platoon exereises, every member of the individual had furnished himself with a magnihceut bou- tention us the others to the iiroceedhtgs, though with trueernment,besidesbeingmembersoftheEmbassy,and.a before intimated, waa slight variations in color andhotel reserved for tte Japanese without a ticket, sadthisticketischangedeverydaytopreventanaccumula-tion of authorised visitors. The policemen, under Ser- resident at tte hotel Presents, with which they wereFollowingthesewereHetokaKaaaburo,anofficeroftheHaving comfortably disposed of themselves in this way, first rank, belonging to toe Censor or Adviser; Tateish shape, looked as if they might have come out of the sam geant Cropsey, who are on guard at tte stairway, per- deluged m other cities, already begin to arriveYourExcellencies—Itgivesmepleasuretoreceiveyou Tou are welcome to Haw York. Though not so populou as your own great city of Jeddo, it is, nevertheless, theSeventhprecinct,havehadchargeoftoebaggageoftte Embassy, and the Japanese are much pleased with their efficiency and poiittuess, and can already call them by name.tteAmbassadors'treasuryboxofit*sparecash,bytak- ing advantage of any of the menn artifice* ue«d te gain the custom of the Japanese at Washington and Philadel-hoped thai b'ew Y orkers will distinguish tiiemseivee b y tteir forbi-arai.ee in that respect, as they'have by their treatment of tic Japanese otherwise. It ha* been re- served for Buii'um, "Uie prince of showmen," to attempt tte lost advertisement mautt to tona a* beit isOriental etafajpM to one and throw away Aswe moreaasf rlifladehmfs crowds. Onthe parta?asdfctefftgeace is them worthy of toe highest reseeW Sere reached down to his fret, oa which be wore white Their BafflsBiia evpreiaffy ha* been the theme af aft therein. About one or lock the remainder of the •nek*, made ef a mixture of silk aad rotten and toe ordi- ptaaw, aad on* grntkman gave utterance to h a ideas on tliispotot ataremarkthatcoverstbewholeground—a lively air and expressive features, in which there in a ted tbe Embassadors, or received them at t t e depots, bat Mr Brady. With his quHikiM**-and toteliig*ae*, aad un- strange mixture ot dignity, intellect, firmness and benevo- der ao accomplished *a inatructcr. he will doubtless be-est ptitot of the crowded thoroughfare, the dulcet tones of laxteued upon them. The Mayor and member* of tbe citymnsk broke gently spoa the ear. Faint at first, tike tbe government .'toon m the rear, and Aldermen Boole andsweet notes of a dwtont band heard in tbe still midnight Cornell paid speeiai attention to tbe Ambassadors, thehour, then stronger and louder, aw the lutMw <>f the High- former ccreei.mg the cine: Ambassador from the heat oflaad band must have broken on the ear id' Jetwie Brown on the *mi by holding an umbrella over his head Tie* regi- "Judge Black of the Embassy." At toe reception he event, go to the Japanese; and for some time there ap- uati«fn was matte ol tteir cranium*. Mr. F>JWHWdveMei that tbe memorable nbuiuf of Lucknow. Then the red epau- ii»- nt. under Uw dtrcction of Cot. Lefferts. then pro-tette*of themusiciani) were seen,followedbythegaily reeded to go through various, evolutions within thehis eye* were bent downwards, they moved about lancedaad•xibtiedindicationso!strongperceptiveandre- with a restlessness tout marked bow wrapped was officially welcomed to NewYork—an unnecessarycere- Ueclivelaci.IlM-* Utewail- tit...4aV.u- thenvisited,stood upright, with his head set well hack, and though peared a probability that the Ambassadors would not be their bead*, though tedow the [awdlutn sise. w«r* w«U ba-capariMiuedstoedsof tbe briiiumI troopoftliedeventb. lorgesquarereservedforthem,andeachsuccessive mili-ton ever and aver The word now |»Msed from block to block, and from mouth tary movement was the signal lor enthusiastic applause his attention in every movement around lain mony, indeed, after toe spontaneous, popular welcome they were shown through tbe enure n talilalaai in, operas, miiitato aaouth, with electric speed, " Tkey are coming—-tbey The dexterity and skill exhibited on former occasions byHis is the most resjwaeible office in the Embassy, for no- which they received upon their arrival. Gov. Morgan, were pre*, nted with numerous artickw, Mr. Mtewart re- thing can be done without his consultation, and any however, having signified his intention to be present and fusing any compensation. Tbey -.vpreamd Ue-tn-'lvw*very much pleased with torir visit, declaring that take part m the reception, all difficulties were overcome, there was " no stur. su targe ia Japan.'*and the Ambassadors were requested to be in readiness at Upon • better »eq»i>iet-,|..-« with tbe Japan** one o'clock yesterday. During the morning, therefore, it a very easy to uisting-:sa thsv or one raakware coming. Bee- see, bow tbey march—hark—bark—to this deservedly popular body of our eitiseo soldiery lutve public BBwaaaawaB—to their tramp.'' Then Mud chews arose from the uuited be<'n properly appreciated by those who have witnessedbreach of etiquette ur propriety would he visited upon crowd along, tbe street for tbe snlatnt seventh—so united their performances, and it is needless-to-av that they him as the responsible party. He looks every inch theubty bora* uaTtte victor* crown. As TUTthe review* of and strong that they attracted the attention of tbe mhabi ^u-lauieii their almost world-wide rnputatiott y-.terday censor he is, and if w* were a Japanese and fell under tbetoats of the immense build togs on either side of tbe lutirnoon. Tbe mtercst which the Ambassadors evinced to* New York BiUUa, it » attain*** by friend awl foe lhortit:ghiAre>. who immediately bucked to the win- during the military exercises was highly complimentaryshadow of hip disapprobation, we should no more expect to be •• let up ' ou a promise to do better next time than if we were an innocent Inntb about to be made mutton of, under the unconscientious manipulations of a Boweryfrom another. The servant, aintost uniformly have)that tbey M a i aarr.alied a la* workl. A bodydows, shouting, cheering, and applaadiag in every to the regiment, and uo doubt the Japanese were tho-the principal officers of the Embassy were engaged inpreparing themselves for the occasion, and were occupied coarse features and parttctiWi; toe » , heavy looking lips,lonceivable way. The scene now became, if pos- roughly convinced that the military display which theyat militia ssnwrar, or « W B equal, to tte First sible, more animated, A.- tbe brilliant cortege witoeesed was equal, if not superior, to anything they butcher boy. His dress was nearly the same as that of the with their toilettes. After breakfast tbe remainder of toe ranks are distinguished by »u «ir ••• g*s*i breeding analregiment performiBg hw duty like an old cam- quet, which he intended as a present for Tummy. but. anx- Japanese politeness he bowed low, and was prompt m all examined th«. pictures and one of their number sat for a sassuattHMi. It is understood thai the chief Ambassa-paigner The number of men who mustered on the ne- ious to express his regard fis* our illustrious guests, he that attached to the social ceremonies of tbe occasion.photograph, •H-clarmg it to be a very good likeness. One dors discredit tte report. A visit te tte H*«ata of these officers rigged up an imitation of a office was also taken up, and will be mada camera, in his room, and amused himself by sometime during tteir stay in our city Tbey do not likecessarily brief notice given was 570 in all. There were caused it to be presented to one of the princes, who po- eight raptetos, eighteen lieutenants, forty sergeants, nine- litely received it and placed it ui his carriage.teen doctors, forty baud and 425 rank and file, besides se-veral other uomniiSBioned and win commitsroned officers.The last we shall notice of the officers is Shakara Jhogoro. a Japanese Prince—a square headed, intelligent and lively lookmc ywung fellow of five-aud-twenty. This gentleman had perhaps the most expressive counte- nance in the entire deputation yester.lay, and watchedto talk to too many persons at once, and stop t t e conver- sation wten a third party halts to listen. Particriarly ttey avoid some of t t e newspaper reporters, regardingjtab muskets coming to tbe psvetnent with one simulto-aeous cauig—that, howwver BBtaltlliiry it might appear, der in which they embarked, and according to the strictbe much interested in the paintings, and has seemingly an artistic as well as literary turn of mind. He has a bright, sharp eye, is rather handsome for a Japanese, and, accord tag te Yankee phrenology, has a well balanced cra- nium,Utereasoningfacultiesbeingespecially welldeve- loped.THE RECEPTION AT THE CITY HALL.attempts to take a picture of the crowd,smiling with delight at his burlesque of the operator.At eleven o'clock Messrs. 14. C. Burlage, Consul (General,and J. E. Zimmerman, Vice Consul for the Netherlands, them a* spies of sow* kind. Tte artist, to whoa* }>aid tteir respects to toe Ambassadors There was no reference has often been made, exhibited h a drawings ceremony used of any importance, the visiters being sim to oar reporter. He ha* sk-*ete* ef everytonisr ply introduced by name and title to toe Princes. Several of interest which ha* been w e n since h a departure fracn of t t e Embassy wandered into Niblo's Garden, aad upon Japan, drawn with great accuracy, but with no regard to) toestageoftoetheatre,aadwerefollowedandcuriously pers|iective. Ttesketchesareonaverysmall scale,but examined by quite a number ot persons who bad obtained be says that te will -make large" upon h a rt*on borne. admittance. It is understood, that the publk- are to be Ttey form a perfect pictorial history of tte journeying* ofofthecity. Tbeconsequencewasthatnotmorethanone talityistorenderourguestshappy:thatyoumaybeso !>.aiitii..displayofhorticulture.theofficersreferredtohundred persons were present, and the room was nut whiie here is our earnest desire. You will not, therefore, the Dower-decorated fiagoda, designed by Councilman Japanese in New York, by parading a be-Dumberleas.** retracing their weary stops to their friends brilliant staff to the City Hall. This troop only pro- oi-rthronged by a bustling crowd. It will only be necessary to intimate that which will be was, t'> it., m. one of Uu- main features of our reception.little Japance by his side It was observable thai toe remarks of the interpreter, as well as h a eyes, were fixed upon toe chief Ambassador during the translation, and seldom wandered to the Censor;while the tatter wasfavorableand withthat on account of the illness af toe second Amba««ador they were oblaysd mbehalfoftteStateandcitytowhich I belongI bid yo people, and gather upon toe tablet of her taeawry welcome Permit me la doing aa to express toe hopof arhjch they areAsnearmwecangetatittoeprincipal tte present occasion was attired m i lat ttewith toeaaa tte flgureof estto whichte 1tte•at tte throat aad barely; of white silk anmedmtelvtte same time relieves tte giawrai appearance H i sthai, tba,tte test vsnt af tte ntehagaiateil Auiteaarlari maylayttefoundationAatkatamitysndtotereoursebe tweeti the twogovemmils which wrtl be benetieai alat tettegovernBarmaadaanalaafJapanaadtte UnitedBBBBBBBBBBValThis being translated, ate kmhsasainrr snared low inresponse, and replied that they were "obliged for tte re marks of kw Brewtteacy, aad trusted that peace would continue a a t rimantireatflMixriaaTarbe extended between tbe two nation*."The formal part nf the ceremony then baaag over, toe Mayor mvited them to wsflk through *te raaaw aadto. spect tte pictures, which tbey d a . listening with evident pkasure to his brief hattary of e a h psrtrart exhtotted.Afterwards they retired to oaeendof to* room, arber* ttey were introduced to n aeaaber of t t e aaaateaaa aad oflkjpJs present.This ci-remoay. whan « w v have learned to regard as aBMttter of course hi Amegara, being over, ttey went eatupon t t e bulconv to witness t t e evolution* of t t e Seventhregnaeat; ami. jodgmgfiwm toe remark* which passedbetweenthem,tteearns*!gkmces,tteexiaa*lions ofaurprme at auaie feature af toe drill, and indksatioa* «fUntitled Documentpleasure sepectally atteaaakg ***awarchiaa: sakito, ituna ef tte most agreeable exhibiuens which ttey haveThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069teartteattkaawaaa •'ieaaalgWBaCBtaftte Maaagwere af a dark green material, richlyas tte regiment wis Banana an m Mae to front of the hotel, tte carrages tetoeprivatede'esrr,,andtteImasswarnsleftthenntook the arms of t t e usteern attached to IW- Naval Commis- sion limrrhed down she bread ataircase to th? sidewalk, and. one by e a r , drove off. A full account of the parade. learptan and atcideaas wul b. found e-eewhexeffcaaasraxaacarrjoKtte hotel was unusually qutex. Gsniparaitvety few Jaga laiee were seen about the javnor* and ve~Ut»a*»aad tte actars. All ef tte writ tte Mdnen changes af (te anr*ofU**eantte rear esastant appticatiuc farVb-gsy.ateneP M . tte Cestetery. ot.' W«dne*d*y t TfctTwwy U*y vats toe >.-,ii<nrt-of*m*ofear..-. 1 •i.-.ay s**xT the great iw?e*a«a1 - '.ured and aixty msmviaim have beenheld up by a blue silktte majority quietly eigeytag then* *M*ia m pr'-t«aj-«tsws are pragresaaig rapatty.stated yesterday, without a pass from Captain Porter,be required to forego your own preferences inanyway. Van 1\'M.which containec tte treaty box. and which wlnskered Hibernian, dressed in a ridiculous bur-discreditable as it may prove remiuieralive when the in- dignati,on rx< ited among the Embassy by the burleeqoe "Tommy" who was seated upon a riiitadelphiaengine, in tte parade at that city, is remembered.of our most stirring natiouai melodies. Tbe ris. another eminent citizen, who is known to to their notice m uo better manner than through the co- Tie- Japanese scattered through the rooms, vestibules• spirits are said to walk abroad, Uie antiring and per- tat the arrrival of the Auibassadors at this was the one set apart for the reception, and with itsand died commodore Harcy—a very distinguished Ameri- can officer, who visin-d Japan m a similar capacity to that in which you now visit us, as the Envoy of peace androom, and elicited exclamations of admiration and sur- prisi in.ni every visitor During the morning a Miss Eliza C. Husky transmitted the tullowmg laudatory, pa- triotic and inspiriting piece of poetry for presentation tohate tka opens ol ' Lucretia Borgia" and "1 Puritam," as well pearance which could not fail to make an impression upon C I will. New York m also the home of Hon. Townsend tbe Japanese, aud it was thought that it could be broughttte east end of the room, a few feet from the mantel, andbehind this, ui citizen's dress, stood His Honor, MayorWood. Cn his left was Governor Morgan, also in citizen's opportunity to offer, m return, our own more feeble de-No tumult ou parade; A majesty aud eleganceWas everywhere displayed. Soldiers, as soldiers, carried armsWith a commanding stride, With martial and heroic air,As onward they were led. E'en as the great occasion wasings the consideration with which the Imperial gov- ernment received and sustaiued these'citizens of New York. and we now gladly avad ourselves of the presentTHBMl!•!!•• t'onTHBCITYBALI..At about ana o'clock it waa signalled tkat t t e Seventh tte favorite ao kwa ef toe eflakaasy than oftog tte tetei, aodtoeJaam to tte window* and t t e balcony tbey eagerly watched toe w s n a n r v of t t e solei-rj- aad lotoed heartily in tte applause wnich greeted tte mifia—uw-Bke aaawemente ef Ike drill. When at tbe remiaam! '•order arms." the muskets cam* down upon t t e pavete has been hntog fey liiiiiBaaaanf clang Uke tte report of a •ays. At toe theatre he was tte****** aaaaaa, toe Oriental coals aearcely rerres* their heatowt-d hw aMentioas sstiaBytet t epupuJatka,toeir mouths much resembhr",.- a negro* Tbe t'jrbarphia The greatest troubles of tte Naval oimm-- *mn. to whom too great credit cannot be given, h .*They were pleased with ah the arraugem-nt* tte ceremony o*ed, and only regrettedshortly be arrangedto Nibkt'i Garden,liberty to OOBK aad go at win. rested a t t e play. operagla**e*.asdiaqghed Dandge aad MarkIWASSa a artrnteHeu^b»a*jere|Jssaaa*aiji»ifuUy,cs^«>mhwaw**icmapptaure.ai BsfaWtea witk aH the i Lli ii l l to i ceeternig bh) i PhBYwtesxih thought' veryf -•*-*- smhe ofm excellent spirits,Tbey were particularlyMai < ef the JaaaBaSa ware a-.esjuaiiy itformeda receaso rwww.fultonhistory.com 