 O",lob 9,IS*theexa&sglawaatooysieymapro i P r i n t e r r e c e i v i n g t b e snansMtoMsai o n m e c o n d i - maa set forth and that a committee be appointed to i tbe law in relation to pnnfcni? and the prices paidr, and that they report tbereoa with the least j>rac- i or improvements as m ay be•train refused to second tbe dawtond for tbe by 73axawatM.of Mr. BBnsaus, tbe election of a Prlatei w a s till Monday, by ayes 103. aoesbot countedraxszASbtstiocanimv.aoaoaccftd tbe stooding conamdteos, aa folacitisenofVenezuelaexpressedadesiretobecomefree b e w o u l d b e s e n t t o p r i s o n .Justice is paralyzed. The government is administered in a manner never before heard of; officers of government pay no attention to their official duties, and every possible means are concocted to keep off the payment of just debm against the treasury, while speculators about Gov- ernment Houne are realizing large fortunes in the pur chasing of claims due by the treasury.This war is not confined to any particular section of thecountry; tt is general IT not carried on by arms, it acarriedonintheheartsofthepeople. Theyaresighingtor freedom, grossing under despotic rale. Give us a close. Counsel for Mrs. Forrest, Messrs. O Conor, Chase fully invited to attend the funeral, from her late residence,S t e r n a o a O t t y K a i l w a r e . Bailwaya. Clean*aadlalatmios*.FOB SALE B T ALL BTTWa AOMNTS» ttfht tobasaaa tesFaaowutonSarah W . Dredger. Examine tt, awn hams, hotel piopimtoaa, baatdtog hot— keap- era, Ae, atBo. OtttBroadway nam,to*DOBnaaztaaaodaaa->af tev thesaystt> SBiytoSflB-m,(dam.)sfTbe relatives and friends are respectfully invited to at-a afms sal •amyj, wa»Cotton—Sates to day, «,t$0 hates at prices ranging from l€>ic.teHJifc,lheBnu1tttcJaatog«r!a.hAVAnmaa, Feb. 8, I860, tendency Salea to-549, 8ft, 615, 536, 566, 671,573, 575. ArrtwalaTacstBAW.- „ %«nbiofJ.'W.i• •**With all nte As mag s a apermanent poses to Venezuela. in their hands, amy patsynito,will ho The minority, with the ssa|srM| Ibat the the fiaansithe reasons for ms opinion at length, but hethe conchas** that, according to the practice in the tote Court of Cbasmi j , and ao laid down in the books of practorn, and Mm former rules of practice and the case of Ar den s g t Arden. 1 Johnson's Chaaniry Mi*Mr COUAIthan, o nbobaifinquired** ^^^ _ _ M**^^ !• II ^ n aw**nr*l h i m m BAn Aiha.Mr. OConor. for plaintiff, said he thought it ano great concern ss to who began or stoned toisrgued before a judge, whatever it might be in jury trials. sad b e auoM in general aa soon give away the privtlege as reta.n it but a* in this case the parties put themselves on then- sfrvtamjat, he considered they might as well ad hare to the well settled practice of the courts, aad iaatot on ate right to begin. The rule was uniform, sad without a single exception to ha knowledge, before Chancellor Walworth that exceptions s a d hearing ott further directions came on together, and the party moving far the bearing oa farther directions always opened aad closed. So it was the uniform practice at law for the plaBwlff, whenever be bad anything to pro**, to begin and stese, notwithstanding that there were affirma tive issues for the defendant to prove; and here, *to»""gh the defendant had exceptions. It did not take away the plaintiffs right to open and close any more than in the case o f a defendant having affirmative issues to sustain.the referee has made his report The report wasfiled pursuant to rule $2, and tbte of itself operated assaorderatoithattbereportwould*becon- be firmed asotcourse,'unless exceptionswere filed to duebme. Exceptions were duly filed, and notice of their filingthejrentfenianfromOhiomidbewas much turpraedat mi peaueal eatoetotes-. bathe (Mr. Coltax) would be ma kmastomakeachargewithoutthetactstoproveit.pointed. ^______________ The election hasbeengoing;on severalmonths withahaving to defy—CWSMJStevens, Wasbbuni of aadlava afMd.,secticnofthecountry,letus make ourownlaws,pay our own expenses, h the cry; then we shall be in har- monyonewiththeother,andpeaceandprosperitywill prevail. .OCK PORTO CABSXLO CORRESPONDENCE. POETOCABBLLO, Jan. 16, I860.BradyandEdmonds.CitySsBiors AccrnssTB AT N'mui'sGasnsw.—During the after-••a. Washburne of BL, Wade, John of X. C.. Merabaad, Lamar. NixonCarta), Btmham, Bur Mae, Pendleton, Umgeaecfcarand Bottler. Morris of M e., Bocock. Pottle, , Carry, Sedgwick, Harm of Md., andGrow, Perry, Smith of Vs.. Goocb, Clark af Mo., Case, VaUaadtgbam aad Ashley,KftOaawofUI.,Beynoids rtobisaooof"R.I..Gilmer Dawes, Campbell., GartreD. Stratton aad McKnightBeard. McCternaad, Ely, Hale aad Gmtehins.Thayer. Lswejoy, Cobb, Coved*, Daraof tad.Trtmbte. Vsadsrer, Window aad Barrett.Sacramento City. Tbe propnetora are confident of reach ing tsacramento to eight days; and before tbe 1st of June, by which time the line will be thoroughly organised, tbey expect to deliver aswpatchts at the terminus of tbe tele- graph tine in Carson Valley to six days from Leavenworth. This would bring San Francisco within a week's commu- nication of New York. To perform tbe trip in eight days, theprcpiietorsestimatethattbeywillbaretoaccomplish a maximum speed of eight miles an hour. Tbey are de- termined to effect this, aad are purchasing three hundred choicehorsesinadditiontotbestockalreadyontberoute.The M ew York Stmts Medical Society. Auu-VY Feb. 9. lStM,At the Medical Society to-day three delegates ware a p -noon exhibition on Wednesday tost, at Cook's new circus, Gloomy Prospect*—ScvolMtim on a Coarvi B u s , aad Niblo's Garden, a serious accident occurred to Mr. Arm-THE BMW TOME LEDOMBMONDATNEXTt)^ ^^t^J^^1S^!mSdt>r^aA*me Trial of Haalett, tbte Harper's FerryCauaissroww, Va, lab. t, lSSu. Tbe testimony for tbertofonooat tbe ease of Haatett wascicaedto-day. Tbe Court then adjourned nntil ten o clock tomorrow, to give tbe couneel bme to prepare his argu meuL No doubts are aatarmmad m to tb e ooartobon of tbe prisoner, sa tbe testimony given matrary. The assate as a body, If tbey ware arms, would piatoptly pat down l b s " s a -Mr. Bradyof theCourt whtoa party close th< argumento ft h edefendantalso a committee of five to consider aad report tbe feesi- PetOftrts and Pott Rvmds— Messrs. Coifax. Wood raff. bility of a topographical and hy drograpbical survey ofCAsrsarrss —At Troy, on Sunday, Feb. 6, Col. JOHMCAB raxrzB, aged 84 years, father in law of D. D. Howard, for- merly of this city.imxDGSK —In Williamsburg, on Thursday morning. Feb. 9, stter a long and painful illness, which s h e bore with Chnstianlike fortitude, Miss CAT&AHXB A. DRMDGKR,of Ky . Alley, Davte of Mam., Craig of Lea.af fabailiis Mi mi i Carter. Kilgore. Burnett, Sim, Itaraott. Uaklmg, Pryor, Kdgerton aad AndersonafliisBiBky.•• iinrnn-y Ctutii MLBBH- Briggs, Terry, Cox,Yaaea, Jackaon, Duel!. Detarnetto. Bofman aad Fentou i. Palmer,tbe State, with reference to a systematical drainage as a hygienic measure.A committee of seventeen were appointed to attend tb e National Quarantine aad Sanitary Convention at Boston, June next.A committee of twenty six wore appointed to attend tbe American Medical Association meeting. May nextThe (allowing officers were etostel—President, Daniel T. J e w s , o f Onoadags; Vice President, Edward H Parker, of Dutchess; Secretory, Sylvester D. WlUard, of Albany; Treasurer, John V P . Quackenbuah, of Albany.AdjournedThe Sew York State AgriculturalSo- <• ctety.Tns SrrrsRSBS BY THB LATE F a r w Eut STSSST —It is in tbe 24th year of her age, daughter ot J. W and the late temsasad fllnmtosrtno. Be nanny should be witaomtesm.am, KJkngerBHiadman. Wood, Ctoptoa andinvited to attend her funeral, on Sunday afternoon, at tw o o'clock, from the Methodist Episcopal church, corner sf South Third street and Union avenue.ter Meter* require to be filled but once for waara BTETBO POIITAB GAS METER and BURNEB MANUFAdUBINO COMPANY, ontee No. MB Broadway.A very.Washburn of Kenyon, Hawkins,. Adams of Massachusetts. 9cran- i of Kentucky, French Dunn,Philadelphia papers please copy.tinxxs —On Thursday, Feb. 9 , of scarlet fever, MasrAT«Corhmae,i of Smwsari, Bourtznv and BlairWnconsia, HamiltonWEDDING Cords,CAMSDEPOT. t H BBOAja. Ac. moderate price*Tbe steamship Canada, fromtown S i b BIL, has aet yet basa signalled.ptemiitl ought to be allowed to bring on her firm the resort and that on suchbe hoard llodg disposed of,defendants motion to strike toe cause from MmAXBAXT. Feb. 9, 1800, Tbe day was passed by the society to examining tbe , Wright, Bhatow, Aldnch, Buren articles ea exhibition, sad in general dtoBuaaion at thespectfully invited to attend th e funeral, tbte (Friday) af- ternoon, at two o'clock, from the residence ot her parents, No. 64 Centre streetthe akin, price $1; sent ay mafi, postage free anywhereto G. URJLHAX, IC9 B—*au aireet. N Y.Buttertteid,Carey. WbMeley, StewAffair*—Messrs Etberdge, BniTOwrba, Weed In the evening Baa. A. B Conger delivered the annual" , dark of New Toik, Scott, Leech of Ml Aldrteh.i, Irvine. Jeskins, Webster, Wells. Packer aadCorwia. Bnrttogame, Bnrks- of PaaaaylTania. Branca, Boyce, Miles, Hilladdress Secretary Johnson read tbe reports of tbe several committees awarding prises on farms, crops, grains, dairy products, h e , mclading that of a Commit- tee on the Agricultural Survey o f Onondaga county, b y Baa. Goo. Geddes, which was ordered u be published in the Society 8 transactions.Tbe Preaairaa stock, upon taking his teat, briefly return- ed thanks to the society.clothes, Obouid be left with Deputy Superintendent Car of Patrick Grflen. Dublin.Tbe relatives and friends of the family, and those ofJT relief. Can te concealed. Send or address HASLAW BROS.. <3t Broadway, Men York, and a dewwipi. r circuhr will be asm a any ulrtramGMMATD1BCOTBRTFOBSORES ANDPAIK-PRO feasor B e Grata* Electric OU. For mis by BA_R.VBS m PA.BR, IS and 16 Park row. and by all druggia* aod InalniB Prae, s t , t e and $1 per baste Depot rmtertatpsi* Pa.HOCSEMEEPEBS CANBUTFIRST CLASS SILVER PLATED WARE. Cutlery and housekeeping GoodsAX LOW r a i c a *AT BABBPORrPB,COOPER INSTrTCTE. CALL BMFOBE BTJYTJfO ELOEWHBRKIMPOBTANT TO TAILORS AMD The Ororar k Baker On •tog Mae latroQueed a now a a d a s a steal Ohuttte •tabat Mo. 496 Broadway. Bow Task,i Brooklyn.NA TCH1TOOHES.-LOCISI AM A AMD SP A KIBfling Tobaom; Dstsn's Matehkoabm Snuff, Srat, asm and third etem, jam landed aad for sate by A a HAMJLHK 14 aad to Fulton atreat, aad Bo. 8 :Tbe Mobile Bank bill aad tbe Railway Subscription aad ayto* AttachmentbillhavepassedtheSenate,slightlyamendedT .Hsr friends are invited to attendHYDB.—On Wednesday, Feb. 8, of inflammation of theAabmors, Van Wyck, . O f TjAAaaVOtmvAOrain, Covode sad toe, Bsrr, Lev* aad as meLoam* goarles W ebs,m ut Warof Pesnsy Ivans. LtrTSbss, rffl#isiiBimrii SB toe Nmg IJaosrwesd, Btour. Hughea aadrm m the PmtOffice> of Virginia. Moore of Ksstacky, LandrumDutenets county papers please copy0PkRA GJust received, alander k son a SEMMON8 A CO.,u was discovered by Prof. Chas D e Oram. brought out by urgent n lisiliai aiwaa aad has eared ifllwiiwimii. 1 eafnee*. Goat, Meuralga. spina, and oraa- chiai Complaints, fieailirae. Cramp*. L'roup. Puea. Tesprain* aad Bi litem Cms aad Wooaria. OwwBad Giaad*. Bry •tpelaa, Bore Nipple*, awelted Bream. Womb DMarasra. Oaa- rbeum, Caokor in Mouth and Stomaea, Palptonion. t r iiinnai.tea the Puttie Bw&haps— Messrs. Meal! Walton, Harm of Virginia and Nekton.Jam Ctoasto OKtoe Ismmi Msmrs. Pettit gmf IgmmmmWEssmmmmtrnmmsmfl PVias'tsJmatCbmmssseeaPvwmmg—Miaa•Gurley sad DanmickBrayton, Adams HaafcinAlbany, G. B . A . C ; Alonso Crosby, of Albany, G. Sen-reaches you, for most certainly a battle will take place between t h e principal bodies of troops o f both bellige- rents, and a result will not be long deferred. It tbe go- vernmenttroopsshouldbeintheascendancy,theguerril- laswillcontinuetoannoyeverytownandcity—toburn,Mr F^aaswoara, trap.) of 111., ea theat bis own request,building, which was destroyed. Both wings, which con- tained machinery which coat $100,000, were saved by tbearmy obtain the victory, then the matter hi settled, and God'knows what will take place m this country' Lucky, very lucky will those be who are able to save their lives fromthelanceofthefederalLlaneros.Youmust,therefore,beonthequiviceforthenext news; it will be importantTbe government baa opened books in the provinces of Caracas, Carabooo, Maracaibo and Guyane for a loan of halfamiUionofdollarsattwoandahallpercentper month, payable In ten tostobaeate at the custom houses. The federalist* don't want any such loans, as they have a i « disposiLitm a ll the property their hands can reach.There are men of war of all nations, including Spain, in the port of Laguayra. They come once in a while to ass bow matters stand with their fellow citizens But, alas' you never see here or anywhere else our spangled ban- ner.Tbe question o f Levrand with France h a s been settled a la asusoir. The Secretary of Foreign Relation has been dismneed from that office to take charge ofthe portfolio of the Interior. Lev rand is never to come hack a s French di- plomatist. Venezula will pay her old debt to France (some $60X00). and a national salute will be flredin honor of the imperial flag. Tbe ChsncsUor of the Legation, Baron de Jourreil, will be French Minster ad imktisnOne of the arrests made in Valencia for plot' of insur- rection was that of Dona Socorro Sandoval. She was pre paringcartridgestorthefederalists. Youseethatweare not to need of ''woman's righto" so far.Mr.BSAOAS,(dem.iofTexas,wasexcisa.nltramssrvteg atoensminin as itorohittoaary fwsatosa, sa as tt be sakt bsaf ae earthly servtos to bto coastlmeats. The in aasto of Texas had basa msragarssd m the matter of as-lAmtaas. idem.) of Trxss, the coltosgae of Mr..was also excased froisa Prrvsto Land Cmmm for similarCmcAtio, Feb. 9 , I860. aad five adjoining buildings, in Peo- ria, IUinoto, were destroyed b y fire to-day. Loss $12,000.Amount af torn ranee sot yet ascertained. Suicide laBAcmrou, Feb. 9, I960. Edward Downng.a former Clerk of the Supreme Court,thot himself to-day, and died instantly.tot*tSso amrlfj BSllsto Grieve.POBTLA5D, Feb. t , 1860. The brig EHxa Grieve, Capt John Brooking, of New-' witha cargoof pork,floorsadtobacco,cap H 0 mUss from Cape Base, onMtth of January, drifted a smash until ate tbUowtog Monday, lecrew were taken off by the steamer North i, sixty miles southeast of Sable Island. The crow sdafteamen,of whamtbecaptainandthestew-ard, Btohard Carter, ware drowned.a r eattendt h efune-sf sfP e r f e c tt A u i i h 916 Bread oay.T a k e n . — A trax rmasuiarr's AXBTAL Mm then read.0a amtom af Mr Swsasux, It was referred to saftoeWhoseoatbeStateoftbeCams andof printas rotorrsd to tbe Committee on PrtottogA saw um?AMT*M!rr or THI. t^vaamatmrr.(«am. >ofMd.,saked,baatoiledto a Sill to esSabstoh aa oto be called the Agricultural Depart, idem ) of Ky.. pnteatod the memorial the seat of Mr. vadaraon,She amaaartol of Wm. G. Ham asm of Mr. Davto, of Mary tondto theo ctcck.Narr.—On Wednesday, Feb. 8. after a brief illness,Mrs LISA FUUSR Nsn>, in the 32d year of ber age.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend tbe funeral, this (Friday) afternoon, at half past one o'clock, from her late residence, 180 Washington street, Boboken, N. J. Her remains will be latorred inFlowerHillCemetery,NewDurham.ODBLL.—On W edsesday, Feb 8, of consumption, JAMBSPRICHODEXX,UIthe 27th year of bis ag".The relatives and friends of the family are respectfullymorning session.Governor King spoke a t length in tural College a t Ovid.favor o ft b epenier. earner of Brcome and Elm streets, and they will reach their proper objectiixNSBs OFMs.BCSTOX—The condition of tbte distin- guished comedian h a s n o t improved very much during the past week. and it is asserted that very little hope of bis ultimate recovery is cherished b y h is relatives and Inti- mate friends. His sufferings are intense, but borne with the most commendable resignation and fortitude.MIUTABT MATTSSS—Tan SsTmrra Brammrr * S D MILLS SEATCS m WABsmroroa.—A considerable sensation h a s been created in military circles b y toe report, in circula- tion for the last few days, that the authorities of the federal capital contemplate inviting the National Guard, Seventh regiment, to be present on the occasion of tbeinuuguistton of Mills' equestrian statue of Washington, which is to take place in that city on the 22d last Whether tbe rumor be true or not, one thing a certain. and that • that the National Guard, which te justly re- garded sa tbe gem of our citizen soldiery, would add anher son James Griffin, are invited tn attend the funeral, tram ber lata residence. No. 27 Roosevelt street, this (Friday) afternoon,attwoo'clock, toproceed to Calvary Cemetery.HASKAV—On Thursday morning, F eb 9, after a severe illness, Mrs. MABOABST HASSAN, aged 42 years aad 7 months.The friends and relatives of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, on Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock, from her late residence, No 186 East Twelfth street, without further invitationBABMSV—At Mount Vernon, Westchester county, o n Thursday, Feb 9, Mrs. RACKBX, wile of Btohard Harris. Baptist minister, in the 36th year of her ageThe funeral will take place this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, from the Baptist church, Mount Vernon, N.Major Patrick spoke ea the same subject the retiring officers,South met to-day. ter granted b y theFire bishops wore present.The char-OPERA GLASSESOPERA GLJBssattsamt ot tbe saiooraMdtiteL^ ^Tennessee Legislature w aaa committee appointed to arrange tbe details.nubile o a both occasions. A n election for in each company will also be held shortlyfifthsergeantMary Jane Johnson, aged 4 years and 6 months.The friends o f t h e family a r e respectfully Invited to a tof Otaafthef%f*»to*••****6Bm_0has^Baoa.Mr-Colfaxthenfavorabletotbe' itoneeeaabeplacedansawhatemanatesfromthepress- - - - • h> in* record ot tbe Thaty-fourth Congress to abowefV eaesaeto; the constitution, which allows free discus ston relative to political matters, m trampled under tost. and the subtle press is posttively gagged, sa wall a s ton month of every wdivkluai.HAUFAX, Feb 4—3 P. M Liverpool 28th via tAgricul-Learlsiatwre. MovruoMSBY. F«o. 8, 1880Tbe Hcuse will a scar. There m much rejoicing over evtnto-Tmo msasskmwm latv-erafty.Nsw OSXKANSI, Feb. 8.1860The Beard of Management af the University of tbestrongly fortified to try the fortunes of war once mors.General Cordero • the Commander In Chief of the go- interest aad lustre to the occasion. By order of Col. Mar-heart. SAMTBX B J. Hros, aged 13 years and 6 months Tbe friends and acquaintances of the family a r e respectfully invited to attend the funeral service, this (Friday) morning,atnineo'clock,atNo.12Columbia street His remains will be taken to Hyde Park for intermentTims Royal ArchAUMXV, Feb. 9,190k.Tbe Grand Chapter of Royal Arch toisuni held ato day. One hundred and Btty Chapters were represented The toilowmg officers were elected —Jan M Austin,of New York, G H P .; Sylvester Gilbert, of Ca^toaaburg,D. G H. P : Augustus Wiflard, of Greene, G K.. GeorgeN. Wiibams,ofSyracuse,G S;John O Cole, ofAlbatend the funeral, this (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, from the residence of his parents, No. 126 Division ave- nue.OPERAOCCU6T OPTICIABB.FirsLaPklLndelpkta. PHILAIWU-HU.Feb.0,1860.Therelativesandfriendsofthefamilyarerespectfully CakedBrsaat,Qatar.troraTknwi PaiayOkmraHaaiwura. Invitedtoattendthefuneral,fromtheresidenceofhis Tnathar-Ba,Baraa,BuffJctota,aareUumaotparents. Flushing avenue, sear Broadway, Brooklyn, this Ac. thot all aad every omerasartinrisa a dtbe meeting a d -afterNEW YORK HERALD,FRIDAY,FEBRUARY1 0 ,1869.In the Maryland House of Delegates to da.were adopted eoadepnaw tbe course of Hon. Henry Winter Darts at voting tor Mr. Peaamgtoa tor Opiatisr of theHouse of Miprlaaiitoltus, man act deservtog of ceaaure,it bemgb) opposition to tbe aeaaaaats af tbe •asms oftbeentireStoke. Tbe reaohatonswere adoptedwithbat onedaseattogrote.AlltbeAmericandelegatoavotellist,sothateverydespoticmeasuretobenefitthetowat for tbe censureflora, and sillare capable of dthanany machinein i$76, areetiracont uniraraalattention.LM.SIKaaBACO.4toltbe exnsnse of the many will be carried asm. cos.Tbe consequence of ttusdomeatic war of tyranny against liberty is, the ciops are lost, plantations destroyed, ves- sels are arriving and going away in ballast, thousands ot Mr. Defraes Mm bean a State to Washington to congratulate Mr. Pennmtrton on tbe laboring classes have been forced from their homesat far thirty y ra, aa wail aa pabltehsr •nil ms aatatssa was onrrect. Several sjsaabsaa declared that the point of tbe bayonet, and doomed never to return, ed to superintend the execu- tbey were anthemed to my that tbe statement was tin leaving their widows aad orphans to mourn their untimelyCumbertaad KlrarDrawbridge at NatoTUte Bovtew a r i a s Money andtoaekMarket.Mr- aaurma replte*, ha hi 1 contracted to have taa ha own preaata.Mr. Brady, for the defendant, answered. An orderof MurrayTarns Cmimanassat—Bali Civil wasatoTexan laaato my mat MrA resolution was also adopted for appointing a commit toe to wait on Governor Hicks, to inquire whetherthe newspaper statement that be bad aeas bis Secretory oftoll TraaVwttI!vernment troops—a man, by the bye, whose name is Lion. but the people my that he is a Bon in time «f peace, and cordero (lamb) in battle.Three vesseis have arrived from Laguayra with troops. two of them American—brig Saginaw and steamer Albert Born.It a confidently hoped that General Ramos, having r e - paired his defeat, is marching again towards Valencia to protect the road to the capital (Caracas).General Sotiilo, who was in tbe eastern provinces, has marched westward to m ee: Falcon and Zamora. The three chieftains of the federal army are now together, and toe eastern sortiea of Venezuela is in a comparative state ot peace.ay. G Sec y Wm 8eymour. of Albtby_G T ; Edgar CDibble, of Batooia. G. C of the Host: Wm Connolly, of the fate of tbe revolution will be decided when this lettershall Lefiarts two battalion drills of the regiment will takeplace at the new State Arsenal in Seventh avenue—tberight wing to-night. and tbe left wing at eight o'clock on Josnmoa.—In Brooklyn, E. D . on Wednesday, Feb. 8, next Monday evening. The exhibition will be open to the CFKRIHI WRIGHT JOBSBOM, second son of Edwin H. aadaccepted,What shall I say about commerce' Weil, the best I Stocksfirmbutdull. Pennsylvana.State fives, «*; cansaytethatitismmed.attend the funeral this (Friday) afternoon. at two o'clock, from the residence ot ha parents. No.20 CauseHasI street, New York.BIDGWAY — Oa Thursday evening, Feb 8, EUZABBTH W . BIDUWAY.aged23daysThefriendssadrelativesofthefamily are respectfully requested to attend tb e funeral, this (Friday) afternoon, at one o'clock,from the residence of her parents, Mo. 169 Alien stieet, without further invitation.Boston papers please copy.SCOTT—On Thursday morning, Feb t, JOBS J. V- W. Seen, inthe23dyearofhisageThe relatives and friends o t the family a r e respectfully invited to attend t h e funeral o n Saturday morning, a t sight o'clock, from hte tote residence, 179 West Thirty- fourth street, witnout further invitation. HI* remtaas will be taken to the manly ourati ground at Hum s Bridge. Westchester county, for interment &SHOTWKLI—On Thuroaay s t o m a s , **bj>, a ooaeump tion, BYBOH Saonrxu.. in the 39th yssrafstosga.Therelativesandfraadsof tite^sssUy ^J2**o7|2.1 HEUE a *o Acre i* IT, to injur*, bafcto* eoatraryttPBA41EMJM TllE LE^THSM^ ^WE^IIT ^AWiSr-THiBD"LOMOEE. SOLD BTaMTWBJEBM.PaxLAimurau. Feb. 9, I860. lLBStog Bailraad, 19X; Monte Canal, 4t."i; L aaNswOnLSAm.Feb.7,, Cotton firm ami He higher salea to-day 7.000mtddbngat lOJ^c. a l l j » c Sates of three days, U.OOO ^*** ** r "*y . nam** JSSA gmmm rmnJLakM gtommJm*Smimml ssmmiiff. _ - iisna a isasUt ajsaasstaO mmw*MmmmmMa BTmmsmmnJmss JUL UAJafJ D O f t . sUkTYMF UmmsS BmwIV YVmUT• iajan^i^BBBBrc^a a snwmmmi s n ^m i mi r~* "1zKLOM bales do. at all the ports, 488JOB bales. Pork SiTsld mem.$17 75;nsw, flat W Lard finNsw OauASB, Feb. 8 , I860. Cotton ftifter. bat not auotobly ofasnged sales today 20,060haies,atlOjkjcaU>»e.tor aoadtoig Sagnrstoa- aY^TroMh»oaco»»a»DvsiToal,916d. Exchange un-Hfl^i^ fob. 7, i860. -Sales to-day, $,000 bales at 10*,c for middling. The sales of tbe tost three days add up 17,000 bates, aadG a l l e r y o CameotysasandDaguerrectypes,$0)r'nitonstreet.too receipts 17 Jilt) bates. .Other articles unchanged. Moniis, Feb. 8, I860.brother m-tew, Isaah Bynders.jto Saturuay morning, at nine o clock, iHoary further. ,>"««> i, iTrubabaar,!•Tl,tt» beabeis. red. $4 UiU«ht Qara aooyam sates I.*so bsnsmto yeftow to 77c. AmWMmKmssBmV% (^st 6»l^to^sV WUMm0f M l •* togt «4wt.CmnssTf, Tab, t , I860. at 80e. a»!»«, fair. $17 80s$18 Lara hate at 103%cMOM porkto JTiHB MOST, (XlM^AJfY^Mow Tan.ArccatA,Feb.8,MMB. FromRtebmonU.toit l<idy ateM and auras, unrdser. H Baasmr^A.Ms stoma, tt Ml. Bye.-aa theai — Ommatrnd•BWwPsjm i v ^ w swwCPeertogfbiiati >, sicof the Coaatry—tV War Georrsi ist We are ansble to obCastillo, three federal ehtotb to aipishliw to the the tyrannical rate of Monagas—they wars wlUmg for anyof toe motion toCourt hedsstrsdtobe amassed afand this hylts bead.governmeat, and their immediate friends, would wultojsjy tiuild up their fortunes on the ashes of their country The press, that powerful engine which makes tyrants tremble is forced to suppress every sentiment which would reflec against the central power, sad, so a general thing, ao reThe combination of a few who form the ssateaIf an individual • known to b e favorable to a federal union af States, with a n e w to divide the power now centered to one nam or a clique, he Is arrested and sent to prison. No man dare give his vote for President, Ties President.Senatorordeputy,unless hetoacentra-ucr1Sotice so tmo Dyeiosr PablK —Cent It-hair and whiskers dyed a natural color can atWM.JON»U.No.4Vesevstreet,who, years experienceinthe art,enable*turnMr. HBMMMAH modihed ma motion by addmcr mat tbeB o u s e BOW p r o c e e d t o t b e e t o c n o n o f a P r i n t e r a f t h e T h i rtywrth(tiasrreas,withtbeprovisothattbeHouseretainbledhereto-day.andstteranearnestcontestHenryA.siredtobefreeitwouldnotbeconsideredacrime,butifceptionsinthefirstinstanceseemsthemostconsistent day,tab.8,bytbeBevS.A.Clark,assistedbytbeRevOurKanwayrYactte*fortoe LmtTeuisTbaCslortoMivettngand Bottom.Boterrmgtoaaaafpitattogaasayparmawhahvesaatapcealtofnt founded;batthecommittee,notwithstanding,wasapand.view to obtain a President and a Congress, bat we can••ama Delecaffs to SiteCharleston Cost- hearnothingoftheresult Tbewholecountryisdissa- andofbrmgingthemontobeboardbadbeenserved. IfNewProfroiLeaveawsrtb toExpreaa IseiThefriendsandacquaintancescfthefamilyarerespectISAVESWOKTH, Feb 9, 1H60 ThetrstexpresstoCaliforniawillleaveUusplaceonthe Miltaon, Morrill, 4th af April, aad will ran over tbe present mail route to SaltLake,andthencebyCassavaSimpson'sroaddirecttofederal constitution, let us govern ourselves in our own and Galbnuth. For Mr. Forrest, Messrs. V an Buren,in Putnam avenue, near Franklin avenue, on Saturday af- ternoon,atoneo'clock. Berremainswillbetakentothe Cemetery of the Evergreens for toterasentBarrros—OnThursday. Feb.9, C-r\,youngestsonof Benjamin F . a n d Kate E Britain, aged 1 month and Ml days.The funeral will take place from the residence o f nte p a - rents, No. 180^ West Forty third street, s n Sunday after- noon . a t one o'clock. T h e relatives and friends are invit- ed to attend without further notice.Bat>H—OnTuesday, Fab.9,OIJVBS\V.,sonofOliver H.P.Brush,sged17yean.The friends of the family are respectfully invited to at- tend tbe funeral, tbte (Friday) afternoon, at one o'clock, from No. 166 West Forty-second streetCARMAN.—InBrooklyn,onThursday,Feb.9,CHARIAS CARMAN.sged40years,8monthssad1day.Tbe relative!! a n d friends o f t h e family are invited to attend the funeral, o n 8aturday afternoon, a t two o'clock, from No. 277 Adelnhi street, near Lafayette avenue,THE LOOT Dn&Dft *v MB&AJJINaTOONO* wemtfm.BsMfloa, Me F»b 9, IWO.tisfied with the present order of things. The people are s i a v e s — a h : w o r s e t h a n s t o v e s , f o r t f a s l a v e s a k l h e d e -those exusoatana were well taken, the referees report must be set aside end a rehearing had, and there would b e n o t h i n g t o m o v e t o c o n f i r m . T h e d i a p o s i n g o f t h e e x -Was i lad_T b e D e m o c r a t i c C o n v e n t i o o f o r t b e F i f t h d i s t r i c t a s s e mH A B M A X Y — M C G O W A X . — A t E l i z a b e t h . N . J . , o n W e d n e s -t o t W v v e a ; T r u e myaiLast,raeseuserapaceBevstwaafransowwh 11WVBBBB. ofSkowhegan, aadCbaa.D.Jameson,ofOld t o w n , t h e c a n d i d a t e s o f t b e p o p u l a r s o v e r e i g n t y m e n , were elected delegates to the Charleston Canvt-ntran. by avoterespectveryof138andlit«ut of 1SWvotes Toe following brief resolution was adopted, as a substitutefur s reported series, particularly endorsing the adiainistra- tion m all its measures —Besolred. That we endorse the Cbjctonsti piatform. the resolutions of tbe Maine State Convention of 1858, aad tbe BsMammtoMtaa of Mr Buchanan.courseM r . V a n B u r e n , f o r d e f e n d a n t , r e f e r r e d t h e C o u r t t o t h ecase of Lawrence vs. Lawrence (3 Pause Reports. 267,) aa a case in which the Chancellor (Walworth) had ordered exceptions to a report to be first beard.Mr. O Conor—That case was a reference to fix alimony pending the suit, and is not in point T h e defendant gate all the benefit of his exceptions on our motion to con- firm. »J.C.Elsegood,Lieut D.B.HARMAMVtoGaoaciAH.,daugh- t e r o f C a p t J o h n M c G o w a n .RBIPK.—MORRIS —At Astoria, I.. I., on Wednesday, Feb 8, by Bev. William H. Ten Eyck, WrxxiAM Basic to Miss CBBJHIIASSA F. Moans, all of Aatoria.Died.BHASCII —In Brooklyn, on Thursday, Feb. 9. at twelveFubltebedbyAAUgMICAir BAILWAT BTTBMACMsto toGOOD, O U ) F ASHIONED LOVE 6TORT ENTITLED« K< • i f t s tnctoted to represent the society to the Coareatieatortoo KBrooklyn. Cemetery.T h eremains willb einter red toGreenwoodBeviatcnitftbnPtimmainasnit si^r" *"Tf*T-toMayaaxt;ed, aad toe patentee baa retained Mew Tor* att\ ty exeiuaivaiY tor ha own practiceAapttsatooa mast therefore be made to P r LETETT. No. U Warartey pteoa, sear Broadway.A8TONTBHTMG EE8ULTB IN SAB BILLS ABE ACHIET ad by tbe Jebaaton Oa* Buraer aad Bogutator. ooauas only SI cash A aavug of roll toner omt i»e^arantasd, waaPouacal Pruonen Pree.Everything here is to the most depressed state, sad butlittle hope for the future.The transport which sailed from this port some dayssincewithtbefederalprisonersfromValenciaandthisplaceoverpoweredtheguardonthevoyagetothecastle of Maracaibo. and carried t h e vessel intoCuracoa, a n d thus freed themselves from the dungeons that swatted them. Those prooners from Caracas and Lagsayra who bad been previously sent down to b e confined in the castle of Baa Carlos da Maracaibo, remain on board the vessels which conveyed them thither, ss tbeCommandante of the castle is afraid to receive them for tear they may overpower the guard and take th • castle.There are rumours afloat that tbe federalists have gamed a victory over the centralists; this, hswever, needs confirmation.We, out here, are grateful to Messrs. Dallett Brothers, of Philadelphia, for their kindness in receiving letters and papers aad forwarding them b y their vessels to Vene- zuela, and their captains are equally regarded as very kind and attentive to passengers.POKTO CABELLO. Jan. 23,1860. General Ajuuii/ n—Starts Closed by Goeernisent Order—strong, one of the equestrian performers. While thespectacle, entitled " T b e Sports of Old England,'' w a sbeingenacted,thehone onwhichMr.A wasmounted,in attempting to leap one of the hedges, stumbled and threw l i i rider with great violence to the ground. Mr. Armstronghastbereputationofbeingaveryactiveand daring equestrian, but,withallhisskillandagility,the tossing was so unexpected and sudden that he waa unable to break the fall, and consequently hte arm was "to two places. The attendance of a surgeondiately procured, and everything that could be donedone to relieve th e wounded pertormer. Anotherber of the company, at a later period of the evening, while attempting to leap a gate, on a bare back horse, was also thrown, and received considerable injury: b u t after a little repose be mounted the unruly steed again, and continued the perfoimance amid tbe entoostosfac ap- plause of tbe audience.T tAgd-DOOBLB BOLE WATEBPmOOPMovementsoft*VSevolutimary Chirp—War Prrpara" One individual hasbeen extensively operating in thisdaughtero*MichaelandAnneGillen.The friends and acquaintances of the family are re-rtAjrr YOU RAISE WHIBKSBS?-MO. THEE WHY don'tyouusemyOagneatwhichwilltore*themtogrow minoma* faceilinatseix wee~s*, and won't aato or injurstitms in the fbtctts—A Decisur Battle Bxprted—A Oo wrumen*Loan Wanted—foreign War Vessels to Port- Arrest of a Lady Insurgent—Tnnt« .Vow&ire, dk. TheWatsonwillsailtomorrow. Happythose whocango with her. But I must remain here among the most excited and agitated people you ever saw. Orders from the government have compelled all the stores to close their doors, although w e know but little of the reason for such sn unusual step. Perhaps you will guess, as tbe Y ankee says. If I place before you the events which have lately taken place in this republicFalcon and Zamora, the two principal chiefs o f the r e volutionaxy party, concentrated their forces nearCoktnel Rubin, the two principal chiefs of the governmeat troops, stracked them on toe llth of December, and were beaten; so much so that (no matter what the war bul- letins publish) tbey retired to Merida, or left the way open to the federate to g o to Caracas. A n d this is the very thing they intend to do.Valencia is prepared with 2.300 or 3.000 m en to givethem a warm reception, and oar own Porto Cabeilo atmanner to the Tenth and Thirteenth wards, and no ac-count hasbeen given of thesums which be collected fromthe gesidsats of those localities. It behooves the chante-ble to be sn their guard against these swindlers. A ll arti-cles intended for the sufferers, whether ot money or of Gasman.—On Tuesday, Feb. 7, MARY GBITFES. relict of TTIOR THE DEAF.-AETIFCIAX EARS-DXMEDlATEThis news will be sufficient for yon to understand thatseveral American and foreign vessels at present in port, as well SS those of many of the public buildings, were at half mast yesterday in respect tor tbe memory of the gal- lant commander.147 East Twenty first street, this (Friday) afternoon, a t one o clock. TUe remains will be taken to Greenwood for Interment.LKST —On W ednesday, Feb 8. JAMBS H LKMT, aged 3 years, 3 months and 26 days.DrawiBfioftitsDelaware State The cotton and woollen mill s a Lawrence street, owned rob. Arc, s s at present: because the oooenUai or chief* rtea. WOOD, JaDDY A. CO., Managers.i Friday i morning, at ten o'clockMCNAMASA —On Thursday morning. Feb 9, THOMAS, son of Edward McSamara, aged 3 years. 1 month and 3 days.Therelatives andfriendsofthefamilyarerespectfully Invited to attend thefuneral from theresidenceofhi* parents.117Mulberrystreet,this(Fnday)afternoon,at two o clock.HBDASICH.—On Thursday. Feb. 9, LorstA, daughter of Francis and Tomasina MedasSah, aged 4 years and 19 days.by Joseph Rioka aad occupied b y Paul Thar low, was par always escape, and soldiers a r e in abundance wherever UaJly burned last night The ftre originated in the centre tbey are incited to share in the spoils. If tbe federalDBL4V AU. CKOBUIA, SBBTUCKY, A «D BISSOOTtl RATS bOTTBRlBS.DL-AWAKB—EXTRA CLASS MO. ST. •EBRDABT 9, I860.2, 60, ID, 26. 19, 68, 37, 7, «!*, 76, 74. 60, 14, 70. DILAWABS—CLASS NO.68,PXBBCABT9,5o, §9,9,69,64,40,19,3t.1«,31,#3,25. CircularssentfreeofchargebvaddrtiamgWtOD, KDDT A CO., WUattogtoo, rtelawara.Official D r a w i n g o f Hodfjos, ]>•> Co. a Consolidated Lotteries of Georgia.I hte great remedy dor* o a elahn w cure everythwg, oniy a ceiiam atom of ermplania1 hi* oil set* oa the system with electnai*. te of oure 'ble preparalioc. nottheallghtea danger oi app.j-og B ont- wardlyorInwardly,Uatoaoegive*apermaasa:eurwmMU cwti trom tea k twenty mHinamPrice » centa, to ceusa aae 61. Ofllce PaUad»!ptu» Pa Far aalebyBARSESAPAMK.U Parhrow.aa* all ir.^aao aad dea.'ei>. Kizea enlarged.REMOV AL.The uaderasaed bag to inform thetrera, that toev have removed to LSU Water a r s a .eruUnue tn sell their *up*rior Hunaaiian. French aad UWmea. ( hainpagnea, niaadiea. baraaa, ttoears, A c , at taa lGwea price*.GBOBblNBSB * WMGABD191 Matorareat,THE MOST VALCABLE DIHCOYEBT OF THK AGE PERRY'SJAP ANESEBOOT AMD SHOE POLISH,A QfjtmVplCtBjj)mNSMlt*Ws!OlnCb SCEBTlTLTK FOR BLnCMtlTOOverwinchttprateaamadraamgea inevery parneUar B>o MlBHINIJ IB KKQUTRMDsteam ore engines.Lorn only $3,000.msFranARTS.—Tbebeautifulidealstatueof"TheBoyaad Butterfly,' byDavid Richards. M ss sxhibtttontothe rotunda of the Merchants Exchange, Wall street It won oaoasafams from Paul Ackers sad other emineaWe understand that it a to be said to auction next by E. H. Ludlow 4t Co.Coaurt Ca.lenidnr-.Tkla Day.Cocas o? OTSB AsoTsjuinmn.—-Part a—No*. 3807, 2637, 2387. Ittt, otfiOS. zafi*. 2076. S 8 » , 1860. lttfl, 2625, M6fi*,1427,3062 2881.2662, ttfi$,3027.1966,2816,2968, •S?,flita,m,m*,BM», 2963, 2607,16tt, 1408, 1408,3070, 291$, 1810.Scrams COURT—General Term—mmsasaotod Causes—Hon.1»,IS,Ml,Vt &,U,33.W34,36,42totf,47tofit. COBDBO* Ptaso.—fart M a s t ao yesterday. Part 2— Nor. 16*0.1686,2*68,15«, U07,1599,1601,1606,1606,1607, 1609. 1410,1611, 1S12, 1613. SOTOC*Corsr-Nos.246.13.tat, 517, 619,511,6X7,Tseatoty "Mior $1; twateeataatttii aurallyofart,byHO]Portra11*Bar variouspastures tbetostimportant" SUBroadway.PrtpeajalDasot^.„^.447auiMKsy, * C ui uissm, M W * Jeoamjo. Mr Fosusr,J Hoaeral will take place this (Friday) i ttwo o'clock, from her tote residence to ate boas* shave Power atrmWarns* —OB Thursday. Feb 9, Aras •atJ.t. ~sthalf-sfOs WvwfWJBUss» VMw^•asma^asso twinj sr£fctenS7^R *.*,JS*?* * T *WlZTraastoaTWand »r* W CultomsUSbwyoad eervam. rf OaoSa. A • tovUntitled Document* * lammus* ss^sssswmmtosl dm?• OsmD 0$9$SB QjBW0ajsMsSsm i l l ,Herrlag'i of reference was made. The reference was bad, aad ^rt^tor?teMasWorksIt was than arranged to set the motion to confirm down for bearing o n Monday, t h e 20th tost, a t which time t h e Judgewantodetermine which party shouldopenando'clock,ofconsumption, isAHAHC, wifeofA.0.Branch, in t b e 19th year o f ber age.6Intelligence.gratifying to see the liberal manner :n which the call foraid to tbe sufferers by tbe fire in Elm street has been re-sponded to. Upwards of $1,200 have been contributed inmoney, s a d a quantity of clothing that is more than suffi-cient Taa occasion has been taken advantage of by someswindlers to defraud the charitably disposed by represent-ing themselves s s agents for tbe collection of contributions Lorau GiLLKx. sged 3 years, 6 months and 1 d a y ,m5?^flC^^^,%rsTs)o%,*i?%L jasouBATSB UttTBarr-Cua terra*, rssaoAST ». 1460.RBSPBCS roa THB MEMORY or C*PTAIN HA BROOM.—Thenews of me melancholy death of Captain Harrteon, re-ceived bore early yesterday morning b y the City of Wash-ington . occasioned a very general feeling of regret amongthe merchants and other prominent citizens of this city,where tbe deceased had a very extensive acquaintance,and was universally esteemed and beloved. Tbeflagsof tend thefuneral, from theresidence of h»rparents,No. nedirtne.The 16.52,59,73,77,39,G3,36,61,61/12.2,€h.29. ra{trom3Tryonrow.this(Friday)afternoon, atoneCLASS 8*9, FBBBCABY 9 ,1 8 6 0 .Prizes cashed at 568 Btoadway. Circulars sent free.MIDGES,DAVISi CO.,Managers,Maoun,Oa, O. A . Bills, E x c h a n g e a n d CoanasissionBroker, Bo. 1"6 Greenwich street a . B.—Prizes in all legal- ised kittorteacaabejLA.J.Bleoemer,Bomm\Co. GITR BOTICKthattheyarenowpreparedtomakesalesof lOOSKHOLB PCRHttU**,Khaer at toe residence of parties breaking up housekeeping or at their spacious salesrooms, No. 9 Pine street, near Broad-friends andrelativesinvited toway.C C h h ae ma p p , Photograph HOLMS* PI d$1. tweire taken at one toting, bySixty ninth street a n d Ninth avenue, this (Friday) after- whennoon , a t one o clock, without further invitation A BEACTTrCL OLOHBAppears wtttemt tarter trouble. PAIJOSL—In this city, on W ednesday, Feo. 8, JOBS, THIS ijRIMS IB THRBK MIMCTMS.KKSSARI)—On Wednesday morning. Feb. 8. of hooping cough, CORA LOCKS, only child of Wuliam J. and Sarah F. h-ennard.PBOF CHAS. DM GRATHTJ ELBCTEIC OIL. THE FBOEM) UF MAO. Thiate * perfectly Iniioaanl, T—"-a. sad gently4, n,43J\HT . Delaware.The relatives aad friends of the family are respectfully evaporating Meter Fluid, equally asaraste te STUB—I or win-The appboanoc a aiaSii hy paawiig the aponge artaana* K ^ a invited to attend the funeral, from his late residence, cork in each bottle quafcly orar toe aurtaos af th*youngest child of John and Ann Palmer, aged 1 year, 3 after wbahmonths and 22 days. without beteK aoUed.ItThe relatives and friends of the family are invited to a*vaIn faTOT ofiC aMauonalrnaftiitwaof C*HIrpo ^^wWiraCKMiWOLPB-B PCBEPOET WOLPBJJiWL_ WtLFTS PTRBWOLFE-8-Do- BadwayB o u t e , a t J O N E S ' , 10 a n d I tA ,.U w.u»uiam: saw at$«calfdremBoot*N.B.-Cali*udaeeA CABD.-THB OEEATEST QrPMOTBmMirr YET A astoevadteFlamstorArtificialT lysfhteBr. Beam,tatatMedical Oasaaa.Onei Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 