 -lata»fartK»^liati«oftuad'^lfWHatbeltttif)okll ta,5cwia,5ew Jersey 7a*!*e.ae end rUlBOfa—ett'tfi ar* t-i4* moped snd deviating control of these porltleaiwere eighteen f ears—aw mora, nopaumg a to their grave* were uy thag bnt republi ForeverydemocratwispuahedInto thiagravetworaIn bothI^attasa. Th* Doctors are P*a»*d to support a particularaad*>yerseeaaelafpaHltcar- ^. rm-in M Maut ,e-rfeUMI£___"Z_!?.J!!!-_I ^ S - T " ' - * »*4 reouire so r*Banrk. , erfe tbe »*•_.m ',aeaiai o*ten,•ampires Oaoeandtorever,atkaataefaraathecoon trylacoacaraed,theaferualquestionofslaverymustbe Uiapceec of ; a speedy and absolute abort»bmeat o f thea»_ universallyCITY POLITICS.The Union Ctty *n<t t o a a t yrSl^\2 Ita*.W -•» 8Wm «"•••"»•*«•••»^ a ' f i l t r ' ' . 'hudl-gMT Grteaj • ^ a ' o j r e s "*rM«,t*'*way, iota-*j,_.Cba.rmacTbTirlflw w « d , W m C Bryant,Wm. H . Anthoa. Treasurer 8 E **waii. Boatoa,Maaa. S. PadmforA, ProvidenceW B. Ihoaaas,Phitodeliaa. W. MsQaalay, WitaBiagto*.I f Escbange plane, NearJTiork W m Gunnison, ialtimwe. L. Cephane, Waahmton Caaatua M. Clay. WhitehaU. F P. Hair, Jr , St Loaiaple of Providence, R. I., on Friday eveningDxeuaxs a Ra Kixcnos.—Bon. Isaac F. Redfleld, after Boston, of chronic insanity, on eSturday. He w u fifty- lut eight months.:*pea*er'e chair taat water la urg* rus fcrrrm *A*»a* ft t h s i o n sTba nnderaigsed havtag been appointed a committee ta New York, to aid m the elroniattm of Mr Helper's book, on the slaa pranoacd above, beg leave to recomsenl the •hjeoS ta the public and aak their co operatira.ism baa almost ceased to exist within ber borders. A nd tbe Seine, Plymouth Rock u d other classic lo-here wc desire to be distinctly understood, for we shallhave occasion to refer to thia matter again. We repeat,therefore, the substance of our averment, tbat, at thiaday, there is scarcely a grain of pure patriotism in the the a n d of mist, mingled sunshine, it* moun-Justice, h u deel nod a re election.A BOBDBR Rnrrux on THB STXMP.-UGeneral Dave. R.Atchison, the once notorious border ruifiu of Kansas, ud United States Senator from Missouri, b u been in duoed by the exigencies of the present political crisis tocome out of hal retirement u d take the stomp.THE PRACTICAL OPIEATIUXB or BLACK. RKTBUCAXISM—Court Calendar—-Thta Davy.CsiTiP STATSSCacrn Cocxr.—Grud u d petty jurie*at 2U Water Street, which will probably result m the death of the barkeeper of the establishment, W B Green, a brother of (he proprietor- It seems that at aboutn a e o'ctosk a sailer named John MoGuire name into the bar-Subscriptwas may ha seat to the Bon Wm B. Antbon, South, except among tbe non slaveholders.last day for perfectag naturalization paper*, the juries quested to leave by the barkeeper, u d refusing, w u putNo l« Exchange pace. New York, directly, or through either of the unUeralgaed committeei—CharleaW Stttott, R B. M'Cardy, Abram Waketnan, David Donley Field, W a . Carta Noyea, Jatnea Kelly, C A. ieabody, Edgar aatcbum, Btnj F . Maaierre, James A Br'ga*.We, the aad*rahj*ed, members of the Hooaa of Bepr*i i i l a l i n a a f the Natloaal Congress, do cordially «ad>rsetheopinionaadapprovetheenterpriseset"orthathetoregotag ctrcutar —THB soar* too scaciTiocs—THB THBOBT THAT JOBS BROWShave been dismissed for tbe term.Supreme Court—Circuit.Before Judge Alen,SchuyarCoifax, Cyd'rB.Tompktas,ValentoB.H»ton, tionsintheSouthernStatea.Asses BarHngame, John Covode, Freeman B. Morse,Owe* Lawejoy. Cad. C. Waahhar*. Darid Ktlgore, Did they not in 'the days that tried men's souhV' strike./the negro, lost their own free torn.Jeahasjt Gidd ogs, Nathi. B Durfee, John M. Parker, Kdward Wade, Emory H Pottle, Stephen C Foster, Caivm C Chafflee, Da Witt C Leach, Charles J. Oilman, WU.amB Kaisey.John F Potter,Wa. A. Howard, T Davta, (Maaa ) John Thompson,prolonged the war two years at least r Is it not, moreover,equally true that the oligarchs of Soath Caroliaa have beenur mitigated peats and bores to the general governmentever since It waa organized, and thut the free and eoascl-entioue people of the North are virtually excluled fromher soil in consequence of slavery! It iaa well k*ownand baa lata* the country hy surprise, u the Reformation inccataatahta tact that t h * Northern Stated furnishedWaldo*,W. Dee'lW Gooch,J. W. Sherman. Wm, D. Bray ton, James Buffiugton,o.aMason W. Tappan, Richard Mo.t,about i wo thirds af all the American troops emcaged ta aad the American Revolution took th e whole'world b y the revolutionary war. a a d , though they were neither surprise. The republican party, ia its earliest demoastra-J F .C LR. B. Feats*, Philemon Bias,Fifty ninth itreet, between seme members of the Trades- mena' Guard* on their return from a target excursion a t Tomlason s wood, will probably result fatally te one of the partit a u, voived. Yesterday the condition of Wiilass B Wild, the injured m u , w n so critical that ttFarnswarth, Knapp,Henry L. Dawes,Juat&S. Morrill, CharhaCbae, fles^ R Roltolaa,more n o r leas brave o r patriotic than their fallow sol-diers of th* Sonth. yet toaamnah as the independenceof our country waa maalv secured b y virtue of theiruumertaai strength, w e think they ought to considerit aot only their right hut ihetr cuty to makea firm aad tasstalr* cflbrt to save th* Statea whichthey fought to free from faUiSK under th* yoke of awors* tyrant th** that which overshadowed themunderth*reigno*KingGeorge the Third Freemen alloppose**l**0TM•• a *•*B0mOT*"•*liB**Wttby of the North'we earnestly entreat you to think ofthescDaTia(Iowa), Eaekiel P.Walton, Jama* Piks, James Wlmo*; Homer a Kosoa, a A. Purvisnce,manner.Th* Duttea o f Presidential Electors.TO THE EDITOR OF THE UEMALD.I give you a section from Judge Story's Com men tones on tb* Constitution, apropos te your Intelligent sugges-for a mat named McComb, u d it w u not till after he hadstruck him that he discovered h is error. Tbe injuredJ A Bingham,Wm. KaUogg,B. B. Wsahoorne, laaac D. Oawfia, Fraacia E Spinner, s**j. StaMtoa, A. 1 Momy, SilasM. Burroagbs. Edward Dodd, Bobert B Ball,£58£583EmW*B&S52pNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.3WaHe.ry A-lbe*.$aia Ceo. Com , Marco*Sprlaf, I Dolafleld Satlth, whole system is the boa poiicy of the tooth—aad this is pub iieana came upon the stag* est action every year. It <a*y receive tbelr owns assatatmeal B8.Barrtrb, JCUoaerwood,R.BUeCardy, thepolicywbtrbweproposetopurtae.Willyouaiday wasemryasimplematteroftheMivisioaofthegenera V*» *>HttlemoreUa*mitertar?Br.vi2lNOSLSATIOMorAsWMtossejrtrASOcotarrvTICXST— f a * sake of etaaateg political pgpoaaa at Joan A *«aedy. Abr«a» Wabeaan W. Curtta Soyea will jcu assist oaf will yoa be freemen? or will you ba tic* into years. Boat maay years would take to add ?h? uSaesToff ftteiri *o w* ^ t v 5 * ^ J S S n THE CONVSKTTOS DISTUSBSD AMM con-sxt-am TW-a*aaeelumi.later,aadMitabbtagprivate*•*>'ZM.a ail»thawajottxaaea* Ihavea ...aorTHBikrotrnoai aaveer a -* « « .«. g enoughtotherepublicanmajoritytogiveittheauppertp»\rpoB»**tosuoasrv*lalb*premises;aal *adsewtothepoint. Inoaropiai«a,aaopiate*wbiob Donotreservetb*strcajtthofyou*armsuntilyoa tonumberswhichitfamedtohaveatthelasttrial?There that* to r>arK»ba lagalalia* af oar 8.*te tfcem tat*. bar.bee** fomed from data obtain*d by maldaooare- sbai have been rendered powerlessto strike; the present waa abundant reason that tb* repablican party musthTr,,^-?" »state. Tbei-rmtasat a ADJOURX BTDEAD aASSITS—BOOUS CO.WlJjrTKMI. «ata?*B»T'ZS^X^"*01** peoptooTofthe BTC, ETC.. * '** tyJMWvwiSaB*.tvr Tfaaa •aasnawsSsshlaaatja'ti^^ *wP » —•——*•"x* •perafeuo* wtxu have reaAtor*t it a U m r aearebca and comperiaoaa, from labor.OOB laTeMfgatto*. is the proper timefor action, uader ail the circumstances, succeed u d the democratic party decline. Tba and notof the Cnlou; u d tbe^aanr^rrfoA 1 JUTTlI Tb* rata* Cocventioa, aeeaisttag of three Ires* aaatolo taxr,.yi«er«s aacd aa stench ia^watTao tnls of honest togtcal rtaaoniag aad earamt r«%«l»B, the.oaam whjeh apathy or in<Uff»rence is a crime. First ascertain, sa people of thia country I* 1800 numbered thlrt«ea oolo-sri^te^t.*^^"W byTulrho^'grVtSteeward—eae repreewtative !rom each of the thru aaUtastf «rganisati.esopposedtoLitooin-avitedbyth*1\ clueteeTI t« aammbta sad refect s fssta* ticket city.cnaaty, Coagresatoaal asd AssemblyBadeavta*lataeortafagtasstto* tohaevery •*' wv-tg aadnuaitna,1 mean anexpel it 'ramth* *• a , or at all areata fraaa to* rep/abu-su party. If thehave'apwladtteprogreraan*praaparttyoftheSeath, wbxb b»Ta dwindled oor aeanoarde andotaarsimilarnearlyasyoncan,theprecisenatureaadextantofyour duty andthen wtthoutamomentsdelay, perform itia food faith To facilitate yem in determining whatcJusii trattoct of light justice sad humanity rehire at your hsci's, is oae <tim» priirary obj«ta of th* work; and WC *Dl'J crrWa'T a l l IE ?^r Centre if we do not a«9m-aienudfourmlllfoaw}today theynumberthirtyail licssindthirty AveStates. 9tac*thatperiodtherehtd fcefo petof 90 the great problem *f tocietVjj which wa*,' **nmti ite at, a* they nave doae a Saratoga county,act aaJy ID raaoBuaala that* ova areu^tuamtt, bat totake up aad try to reelect those waom popu!*x taiigna-tM« at th*»r wtaduita baa errs** rrom our party, fba- i oa a hncL'Satisg dfcendttce on the frte ItairS di*giiAcei , .... our !*.„ ^ aaaaier Accept*M «, u^u anu aoraa- ed In number; Mist that state ot thingsrrom the various candidates already ta th* teld, adjourned meeting (sat night aft tb* Tuluslama' 1 awarters,in Broadway. Mr.MSjkmaoaprmktod.1.4-vaitwtubethewas**tor thane. Ataltareata,I aaa therccersesofourownsonla,aadbrcughiasunder stalldowhatappear*toasdearlyn^a;,'intb*faah'reproachintheeyesofailcivilisedandenhghtoaedos>• t w Y ork Cnnaln. TOTHBXDTTOKOrTingHSRALD.Card drtt« f i t rftt away *J0Mt aVstf|?m««; tnta]|ed loponUgecoatoman.sanoiCTjos—rsacBrruT ivwaCAN,vmaaarxx a ws nearNow, sirs, we ash you ta aU seriousness, is it not appa-rent that you have fiicr.ed from ua nearly fire tlmea tb*emtuat CJ the asaeaaed value of your aiavear Why,tnea,do j co still clamor for wore* la it your purpose to mate »to override a Saw York alty Governor* It ia expected that the stupid and sequacious aaiasc, th* game perr-etual? Think youthat we will ever continuehaa bee* remove*, and that aavea of th.originalthirteen slaveStateshave becomefree,andthere have been add** eleven more free States, makingeighteen which reject tbe system of Airios* slave labor;and that this system has been brought a t o * c o l c i withthe other sysum, a i l tbat in this way each class of of tha amount have bee* expended ta the enlargement, ad at a previous meeting, which gave to each ward dele- Hates, bn:»rirg on its own system Ks foundation forpnlt- u d that th* amount of realised tolls, during the bat five gation th* rtabt af filling vacancies, flea. Uov* asasat ttcai power aa* influence a the federal Union, has at bat years, la but 810 758 307-averag'ng $2,1*7,861 40 pertaat rgtt aakra n'ghL. "• it not uaatofaity coo>, tarn talk or cay oppoaitlo* tet.ors, aay all be traced to one common source, and there and solution in the meet hateful aad bonib'e word; that waa aver incorporakd ihto the rmaouary af hum**! eeo-FramtbereportortbeComptrolleroftheStatettap- peal* th* coat o f these "great s a d magpmSsat works" smoust ta $42,268 170 62-toat since 1864, « 7 W8 2«8 T iTh* roll waa called, ud ail thefound te b e represented Much debate ieceuWaed by u attempt te oarry out a rcaotatta* itba re esecttea of the tooia of the cit? t abroad juoaera aata laaal affaire **' When Mr !.-ttlej-hn Bomi—slavery.sin prcpntag to gridiron J a streete of thia the white vattma of slavery, will believe, aad,as a gene to bow a t the war*of jour wan-i; tbat we will br ng an-city tor the besent ofjcboers amattered all BWI tba State. rat thing, they do believe, whatever the slaveholdera uH nuity into everlasting disgrace by licking th* hud thatwee aot thai "aa x inference ' a "local affUrer" Did them; acd thus it is that they are cajoled into the notion smites us,ud that w th us there s so point beyond whichhaaethaewthatourasnieipalantbetlttt*aaltarprom tbattheyarethefreest,happiestsadmoatintelligent forbearancecessestoheavirtue? Sirs,iftheseb«yourah aat aB*aiaaato t» stsatsn ssntant the p-awag af thoaa people a the world, aad are taught to look with prejudicebtiia ta the abaae objected to by GOT. Morgu* "Local and d^apprcbatlon upon every new pdncipa or proarea- to oughts yoa are laborag under a moat fatal deluaiou. whig party u d the Kaow Nothing party, though save policy h u hewn pursued," u d "tbat abases of a grossaHaaanii at each leg.taiettea'aa thatwe riaf—with 'the fact that tba repabtiiaa •artylaimpicatcdlaaaddaraacfidbyit—tbatbaapro- etadadtba namnay agabiafaaariyaU htacueJjatorantaad mventimama, haa lagged behind the North, and is sow weitexing ia the cesspool of ignorance and dear*-integrity of some of the servana of tbe government And in the elaborate report of tb* Auditor, in which he bulaboredtoprovethatthefallingoffInthareceiptsis chargeable to therailroads,besays'thecanaJa havetion that vacancies shaP ba filled b y persons of t b a samepolitical compleaion u these absent, which w u adopted. Br. UOTD yeeseattd a majority report on city and~countyaomlnattau.u foitewa--i^lT^'r-i ^P"-"Court-Fred A Tallmadge.k"repebiicacs aeatlie to tbeelectioa of ftoreraor Reward," everything, between Deaeare Bay aad the Golf of b. No more hiring of slaves by non slaveholder*. equal ; but •«•* .**ciaration of Independence Menufuturer, 7 " " - SO16 " '• £ _ ^ u * m t f « ! T geTerklly. when'.li' e>rssjaad abaii reoaire. attentia* It la very certain jfeeiagcoaprtiedto stop la Syracuse to awaitanex arem tram, 1 dtd tpead a few minutes,at their argent re-eoeat, wiih some ai'teen or twenty repabiionne. who are orp; sed to the re election 3f Capt Mj era (ane of the Little >>aa numbers bat winter) to the asaeaoiy. Sat neitberdesputa wield the sceptre o, power; everywnere, aad inMrxico, are the muititudams evile of slavery apparent. o. Abrupt diccontinuance of supscription to pro slavery"•-.-ertc't the fact in regard to human natnre Ue„.b...iko, 1 '• « «1 W M' " FACTS.found at one of the back doors All the delegate*, wita the•\jcptionoftheChairmanaadeaaert«o others,maa escaped, not. however, before a regular motion w u p u t aad carried to adjoura.rily declae a ro-earctun aad refoce to aneopt a a y poetunder the proepoctlrt administration, the CkmrW people, the ia f..r behind the free Statis in the only thinghim.T h eB 6.SOBXBEBJIFRCKICT80 acCTHXTUSAB38.The person nhote cariosity prcap s him to take an as- countoftbelaaenrepie*afNorthernhungernowlyingon the wharves and bouaeies* lots la Baltimore, Richmond Friabie, M. J .New York city 100 acd other slaveholding cities, will not, we imagine, forma Frothingbam. 0. R . Jersey Gty. N .J 100 veryflatteringopinionoftheprodocaofSouthernforests, Goodie*,D.R,andfriend,Washington,D.C 10Thewritersshallentertbenameofeachvoterinacolumn ( a tbe poll book) to be headed with the words•'NamesofVoters."andoppositethenameofthevoter,a mark nnder tbe came of each person for whom he vernment or the United Statea.votes. And ta sal election tor elector! tor President A 6BIAT TnxAnr os TSUL —WATSS, V a, Oct 17,THE HELPER BOOm.Pan* ?:a—ir yen have read aad critically framing.! thework,yonwillprobablyagreewithasthatnoeoomw at argnmeat so aaccesafnlly eontroTertmg the practice of eatery a the ratted States, aad enforcing a precise aadadeqsate riew of its prostnt.ng effects, material aadmoral, has eqaalled Mai of MMrolame enUUed "the im-State* ia manufactured ta New England; that, ta outrage-ousdisregardofthenaturalrightsandciauaaofSouthernmechanics, the marscta of the South are forever tilledwith Northern furniture, vehicles, axe-helvea, walkingcanes, yard sticks, clothea pina snd penholders; that t h eextraordinary number of factories, steam engines, forge* Marble, Nathan, Port Byron, N. Y 10 and machine shops in the free Statea require an extraor-on toe back of the paper, and ha shall also declare viva voceforwhomhevotes aa-electors,eitherbyrepeating the name of each person voted for, or by any other da*from the appearance of th* bumu g. that the fir* ortgma- tedintbebackroom,ontoe topstory,but howitwasrestrain the shameieae advances and hurtful innmmeat of that pernlctoua tnatituUon.The extaaatr* circamthm of a copious compend or Use worktoquestion amongtheatelllgent,liberty-lormg rowers of the country, irrespective of party or locality, would,w*battere,beproduciiT*ofmoatbeaeflciaire- nita, aad to this aad w e trust you will assist oa ia carry- mg oat a pan wa hare devised for the gratoltoua diatri- batk* of o*e banired thousand copies of such a com- pend, which, if contracted for aad published, will contain about tw* eencred page* aad be boona in pamphlet form.One hundred thousand copies of the contemplated com-pend, which, oa about two haadred pages, would con amvery nearly all the matter now embraced ia the regularr )lome (which sells for oae dollar per copy), can be bad,well printed on good paper, fir sixteen cents each-flgfMath* aggregate Thta we propoae to ra.se m such sums aa you aad other good fitends of a good oanae feel diapoeed to subscribeu all oases, when convenient, contributors to the causa will please make their subscriptions in the form of drafts, or cettitoalea of depostt, payante to the order of the Bon. Wa. B , Antbon, IS Exchange place, New York city, oar treasurer and diaburser, who will rtgirarty, through the columnsofthelHfcmw,acknowledgareoeiptsofthesame.Everyperauowho sabacrtbea terndailaraormorewill, if timely aaatioatm* he a****, ha eatialed to as many o ptoa of the compeaa tor dtatrloution aa he may desire, aot excef dag the number that the amount of hts subscription wo ild pay (or at aet costSubscribers' names, with the soma severally subscribed by them, a all cases where the amount is tan -lollai* or aore, wi'. appear, alphabetically arraaged, a the latter part of the compend. ,iorreapoadeeve cr personal intervieaa to relation to thia esterpraa m»y he had with any one of the under signed, who will be pleased to receive lubecriptions ia aid of ito speedy consummationAn early response from j m ta respectfully solicited.body ia said or uaed for lumber, railing or paling, th* Republics** of *awnee Monad, $20; South Basel, stump for metehee or ahoepegs, the knees for ship build- Iadtana, $10 , SO lag, aad th* branches tor fuel. A t the South everythag Roberts, W. S., New York city 10R«'binson, Hanson, New Castle county. Del SO ta*SOUTHnisisanaTESWCHSSormsort*. Ryerson,David,Newton.N.J «4 Nature baa been kind to ua ta all things. Th* strata ahermaa, 8. N.. Ofdeaaburg, N. Y 33 andsubstrataoftheSanthareprofaselyenrichedwith Smith,Gerrit,Peterboro,N.Y 30 goki and silver , snd precious stonaa, and froa* t h e natu- Spring, Marcus, Eagleawood.N J 1 0 0 ral orifices snd aqueducts ia Virginia and North Carol oa, Stober. John A.. Smyrna, N. Y 10in mind with tbe fear of an insurrection for some time, u d had lain with his arms beside him the night before his death.axTotcTKuuaii arrsiL TO aocTiass SCN SLavaiinuaia. To undtwire the people of the ?eutb, to brag tbem athroughout the whole world. Mr. Sewarddt ubted not that the negro la many reapecta w u on-equal wiih the whit* man: bat be maintained taat therewas just as much aequaluy among white men, physi-cally, socially and toieUectoally, u there was amongaegioes; for all anew there was inequality between no mu, while crossing the Harlem Railroad track, near rying in age from foarteer. .o twenty) who, it appears, groee and white men; bat they were ail equal in our Fllty sixth street, yesterday morning, about ten o'clock, were held a waning for the rmrpc** outside. After a political rights Ba had shown them that the republican wu run over by a train or cars and almost instantly general demolishing they proceeded" to orgariae,a knowledge of the Inferior and disrepntiba paiu^n laborwbkh they occupy as a component part of the i awn, and JBOlCTiOMS-M OB KiVOirtlO!! IS 1SOT.to g.ve pr«miaance ana popularity to those plana which, Tn tnktisg l»ave t.f our readers w e know nbt bow w *A Boerrg mareastmn.Immediately after u>e.uinmeiit tne convention roomth«ra »or eaawbera, froa the hoar of my leering New if adopted, wtli elevate ta to aa equality, socially, moral- e*ar give mere forcible expression V".<mrthoughts snd in-York to that oi m | return, did I e. Ji r make an nquiry or ly, intellectually, industrially politically and fhanctaily, tentions than by ?».; ,ug tbat, in concert with tbe intel-hear a aagfeattoa a to the preferences or any one, wnb the meat iiaurtabag and renncdl natioa in tba world, ligent free. -,vtcl8 of the North, we, the non slaveholdingCorouert' Inqtteits.FATAI. BAILBOAO Accna-vr— Edward Curry, a dirt car- w u filled with ahoatone b ndred •'Dead Rabbia," (va-whethercanJ.Jaworother*«3,a*toAOT.dewardor ilMVftiKdSUiej5#nat"f*a»f.And,H-w.a»h1tp\tK knowledge en the tuVj>cl, 1 tare a strong belief that not oca of three anti Myees repnblic«aa of SyTa^ire is at- Ttree to fSaw 3JwarJ'S return to the Senate or opposed toaia> a aay way.Bat thia baiineea of hiJiig aad cloaking all the jobberyand oarreptan of oar fctate nnder the mantle of Go?.hud,ifr«eahta.tvanauatathevaacfere*that,la vblirfattheSouth,desiresadexpecttoelevatetothe ticoljictoftaawork.Smreholderf,ritherfromIgno-Presidencyin18OTsaablesndworthyrepresentativeofpartywuanecessity,thatitWMbeonlypartythatkillel.TbebodyofdeceasedwuconveyedtotheKine-acdcemptUedMr.Stmoa,witha,oiaboverrance or fr< m a Wl'nl dispesitfen ta propagate error, con the great principles enunciated in the republican platform adopts itself to the exigencies of tbe times, and therefore teeBth precinct station house, where Coroner Scbirmer hie bead, to pre*ide over tlfti** dauber*, Unathattie:&mtbhasnotbingtobeashamedof,tbat adoptedatPhiladelphiain18£6;udthat,foreverthere- mustprevail,bes>u*sitadoptstheprinciple*ofmorality heldsninquest. DeceasedlivedtaSixtiethstreet,be- tions aad nominations. They nominated, withtlavery has proved a blessing to ber, aad that ber supe-riority over U e North ia an agricultiural point of viewaaakes rmend* frr all her rtcrt comiEgs in otber respectsOn the ether hand, we contend that many years of con. u d coiiuticn of pro slavery demagogues, whether from tihuol btuthimc and secertftnamce would not idBce to can the North or from the Sonth; u d furthermore, that If, Inu d that last consideration Mr. Sewardproceeded to en-Seward moat ccme to an end. If he ia satianed with it(and no man hat more reason to proleat igaii at it), > inera eel or ennui the ikame zr.d d-^rau that justly attaches to any case, the oligarchs do cot quietly submit to the willTheBon.F.P StantonudGen.Nyefkllovedevening Ex Governor Ford, of Ohio, aiil tbe Hon. Mr. faoward, spoke ta Firemen's Ball, u d at night tbe Wide Awakes paraded through the streetsmscraiJarOfg pounciii inns.heldaninquest unon tbebody Verdictinaccordanee with tbe above tacts. Deceased w u twenty four year* of age, and was a native of tbia city.Scauas TO DBATH—an intact child, named Meyer Strauss, whose parents reside a t Mo. 260 Staato* street, died yestcrdsy from the effects of injuries accidentally received rn tbe 3d inert , by the upsetting of a pot of hot coffee npon hta neck and breast. Ooroaer Schirmer heldareaotaadwillaetbe. Iknewnothwgof hspu-poaeaor wabea aa to a re etectxa, lur thuogb the Tu»« procaimtd, aa If by aathority. in that fanous editorialteller froa Ankara lent May. that he wonld perampto-theSonthisconsequenceof tlavery—thedirestevilthat ever befel the lane"—that the South bears nothing like even a iexpectable approximation to the Xorth in naviga- tion, cr m i e r e -r manufEct ores, and that, ccntisry to the opinion entertained by ninety nine hundredth^ of her01aconstitutionalmajorityoftbepeople,u expressedat tie bsillotbrx, the fim battle between freedom u d slavery will be fought at home—ud may God defend the right,!n a mr>sBS or nsASCBe ABD BXTOLCIXW.In aid of tbe general fund for circulating one hundred thousand copies of the work m b u d , subscrtpticma up to the Uth of June, 185'J. amount to about tSJCO, of which tho n•Uoelr-g, u will retpectively appear, have been re-of ab'ch the has ever dare 1 to hoa-t—s^rvulture, * • * m a * fami RfHptxrerbm lisce declared, as tbouga semi officially,tbat ha might, ta a certain oomtingancy, eonsent to serveantither tera. I now call apon Gorernor Seaaxd, aa amatter oi aimplajustica to the anti gridiron republicansof oar State, to aato that be will or will not coaaant to tar ihow on a new track; hut if it makes a more ridlcu Brers, Abc/r. New York eity a re awitioa and to serre a third term. If be will, I feelTax OB*GO«I U.vnsD STATS* SKUTORS.—The overbad sn inquest npon the body, when the jury rendered a ver- $10 mail has annjpunced the etectiaa b y the; Oregon Legisla- dict cf '«Accidental death."atre that he will rehire erery repablican rote in onraext Legiaature, aad b e reehosoa withnat a shadow o famies;. Bet if be baa icaa td aot to aerva anotherterm, thea the ere now made of bia nane by the rotariea aftteorgeLawtooarmatLegtalasoretaclearlyonjeatt*toe aati cor-npt.oniau and rery tajorioia to him. Bac a be re elected to the Senate, if he wishes it, withoutthevale*ofMr.D.C.Litt^^hn andCapt AusttaMjete;aad I aaott earaeaUy protest againat theur getting reemcted upon tba pietence of derotia or neceasity to rable and deleterous existence.BTQJ«, Nicholas, Warwick, R 1 ick, Asber B , Brooklyn, N. Y100 100 10Domeatie:Sews ItemsTBB PBISKSTS OF PRBHDUT BCCBASAK t o ABD KL KA-It ia possible that the rickety monster may make a bet- ceived in arms of from $10 to t'itO.— Iocs display we shall not be surprised A careful exami- BdictttTW , New York oily..-..100 ture of two United Stales Senators. Geo. W. Nesmith,nation of its precedents baa taught ua the folly of expecttag anything to issue from it in a a y manner whatever It lias no difposition to emulate tbe magnanimityof its betters, act as for a laudable ambititn a excel, Gay, Cssataa M.Whitehall, Ky tbat is a character tat ic altogether foreign lo its nature.democrat,waselectedforsixyearsfromthe4thofLanguoraad inertia are the inaalutary viaada upon, wntch it delights to tatiate its morbid appetite; and "frem bad to worse"" is tbe PI omened motto nnder which, int ail im feeble efforts and achievements, it ekes out a most mise-Clay, CsFSiua M , for a Kentucky clergymu 160 Gay. Carsius M.,forseveral persons 10 Danrah, Robert L , New York ctty • 10 Dudley, E G , Boston, Macs 50 Ecdicott, William, dr.. Boston. Mam 100 Famtm, Jonathan, MiUvilie. Maas 10 Fiske,EdwardsW.,Brooklyn,N.Y MO Fcsdick, ?amuel, Cincincafi. Ohio 10 French,Sties,NewHaven,Conn 10cancy, u d his term -will close on the dtp cf March, 1865. Bow THKVVOTEm VIBGDHA—The following ia an ex-trset from tbe election laws of Virginia:—over two thousud cartridges, from tbe President of the United Statea, as a present to Abd el Kader, created some sensationthere. Itwuonexhibitionforseveraldaysat the United Statea Consulate, u d the pistole were greatly umired. The present is worth about $1 000, aad w u u - ccmiuiedbyaccmplimutarylattertotbeAlgerinechief. Tbe old hero w u much affected upon the recaption of thia unexpectedappreciationorbiahumaneeffort*bytbego-Una R e w o l a t i o n m r y Let it be remembered tbat nearly all the clippera, steam- Greeley, Horace, New York eity 100 Scmoaaa. era aad small craft are buLt at the North. that large car- Ureenleat, R. C , Beaton, Maas 60 goesofEaatarnlumberareexportedtoforeigncountries; Harris,Edward,Woonsooket,R.I 100 Mw Tons, Marab 0, ISoS. that aine tenths of the wooden ware used in the Southern Hcdrick. Benjamin S., New York city 60said officer shall receive from each voter a paper examining trial, charged with having murdered bia sondinary quantity of cord wood, that a targe majority of th*May, Samuel, Boston. Mats 100 Morgani, Edwin D., albasy.N. Y 100Witcher came to speak of tbe forlorn condition of the prisoner when be w u surrounded by an Infuriated popo lace, the rope and coffin prepared snd his confession thus extorted, he w u peculiarly eloquent, aad many were•pendtog CrSrta of the South : How to Meat it," by Hlntoo magnificent edifices and other structures, both private Nt smith, John, Lowell, Maas 100Bowem Helper, af North Carolina. and public, Is wh.ch timber In its various forma ia exten- Norton, John T., Tanninstoo, Conn 800 sively used, arc to ba found In the free Statea we aay, Parsons. J. c., New York••.•««.....««.»..••»•.».•. lo So other Tolnme BOWbetora the p*hlio,at we conceira, let all these things ba remsmbered, and the truth will s i Pnner, M.. Kansas City,** 10 a, a all reepeata, ao weU calculated to adnae in the once flash across the mind that the forests of th* North Pumly, Benjamin Rush, Philadelphia. Pa 100a -e a source of far greater income than those of tbe South.mads of . a readers a decided aad peraatont repugnance Tbe dlfieresce is simply this: At the North everything ia Randolph. Evu, Philadelphia. Pa 30toalareryaadawiUingneastoco-operateintheeffortto turnedtoadvantage. Whs*atreelacutdown,themala RfpublicansatPotaviileaad N.Coventry,Pa.,$40; CrownPoint,N Y .$11 , 61superintending the election, and by th*officer conducting9tICn»B OF A •orTHBBSXS FBOM FSAB OF A SLAVB ISSTB-flow the pureet healing waurs in the world. But of whatavail laall thia latent wealth' Ofwhatavail will it averbe, so long s s slavery ia permitted to play the dog ia toemeager? To these queries there can ba hut one reply.Slavery must ta throttled; the South, so great aad so Wadiwortfa, James 8., New York ctty 100 glorious b y nature, must be reclaimed from h e r infamymay be considered a cnrioalty In political literature —Spsisonsu>, n i , April 7. i860. Joss M. Casso*, Esq ;—Dear Sir—Yours of March 14, addressed to me at Chicago, u d seeking to arrange with metolecture for theBarrlson Literary Institute, lastauk. Tne cable across the Sound will not be laid before spring. The importance of the line will be much en- hanced by th* contemplated action of the Associated Press.acd degradation; o u r cities, fields a n d forests must b ekept intact from the unsparing monster; th* various andample resources of our vast domain, subterranec-us aawell as superficial, most be developed, and made toe a-tr.bute to oar pleasure aad to the necessities of the A A sfo: B. B , $S0;C C., $10; D. D.,310; E. E ., world,one Besides, what time I can spare from my own busi- ness this season, 1 shall be compelled to give to politics. Respectfully yours, A. LINCOLN.there by said firm to be mailed. The same course h u been pursued with reference to the Postmaster George White, u d the office at Westmoretaad depot, New Hamp-about $$C0. ____________________Police Intelligent*ABCBGLAKCAI-GSTurua Act.—A* thegrud Inton procession w u passing np arcedway on Tuesday night, policeman Barry, of the Fifth precinct, dauovered that tbe door of the premises Xo. 883 Broadway w u ajar. Suspecting that some thief had taken advaatage of t h e confusion incident to the proeemion, and bad entered the building, be proceeded op stairs with t h e determinationRXvoLt-no* scar ran THBputvia.great revolutionary movement which was set o a feot a Charlotte, Mecklenburg county, North Carolina, on the 20th day of May. 1TT5, haa BH yet been terminated, aor will it be, until every slave in the United Statea ia freed from the tyranny of h a master. Every victim of8 F at , Wi!mlnaton, Del A f r l u d , b y U f Sewell,10 Boiton, Mass., $10; E. H ,8 5 $3,518ing paragraph, it will be seen that Lincoln is favored b y the English press. The London Chronicle says:—We woult be very sorry to sea Mr. Dougtaa elected, because he is ta tavor of the obnoxious institutions u they exist, u d the unity of tbe States There is no tafe ty for European monorchia! governments if the progreaPersonalJudge Church, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Peon and wife, ofMontreal; M. R Field, of New York, and George W. Bealy, or Bombay, are stopping at the Fifth Avenue Botel.TbeIntelligence.ourecomptoteaggrandisementasaaetton. Iathisextra ordiaary ertaaotattars,aoma*oa*baatruepatriot without first becerniBt aa abolitioniatI**MSSM^SSHBJJBBB*TOSSSIKSSOSISSaS**. Noasmveholdersofth*South,farmers,mechaaioiaad .wsrktag men, we take thhl occasion to easure you that thett ta beleired that thia tesv.'aony of a armthar*, born aad reared under the is::u«."*>os of slavery, will be of honor andproflt have hoodwinked you, trilled with passing strarge, that after a period of sts yeara, throughMrsBreduburgandtwochildren,WBurr,BBsackaO.Mrs Bospttal,islaaverydangerouscondition,andtaaotex-pected to survive more t h u a day or two.MAS-TABBED—Aquarreloccurredearlyhateveningat No.60Whitestreet,betweentwome*aamodJanusFits- patrick aad Fraaeta Rebotile, u d Fttuatrtck stabbed Re-tttavitalimportanceofimtriumphtooarBKOCTTmtwellbetag. Wet*everycttiaeninthe acts aashoda* ta thia book, w e Ami of the0aoaddentthatatarwy*m*Msoe*seaeefullypassaway, whilearepublics*tnoaphtaltss)wouldbemorallyearJohnC.Breckinridge,*bowaawisebeyondtbatadtaary aussure of wisdom for yoaag m**, bad unounced that thecouatrywasruinedexcepttberepublicanparty**• extinguished. ItwaaaotStrang*thatth*orguimtion,LEX BHDbseyandtwochildren,Mb*MtagoFLatara,ODGrata, J L Lindsay. B Guraeu, D JeakasTOJ Germond. J B Spaa! dlag.MrsBewailudearn,JGBuaaee.twoMissesBuaaee. MraCottudthreechildren.TDusaM.8WDuaani,PBrown, tadysndchild,CMMorris.ATanderborst MatOGordon, Mra G A Gordon, T J B Frank, W W Paako, Hannah rVuvoaa,mere geaarally lataded to aaC protoumtiy hreded, yoa, and ne»«! you s s mer* tools for the eaarummation ofed that the Cctors should be left free to make the chotoe HaametK W CroweU, Hv Larun, P Bodaera. ft Cnmajlnaa. B ertray oeeurred.ud the qiarrel w u Caused by B»rs-wt«th» a the slave or m the free Sta%*m, the* aa equally ableandetmehmiveworkwrittenbyaNorthernmac. And it is very desirable, thereiere, that a cheap compend «f.tacor,tenta,attedforgratnitooacirct.-'aHoh.beaow K-•>'•« -s-3 iciiraliy iiSoaed 'ia Shea* St:.t«t— FeciiylTi-their wicked designs.• e Ia * *New, sa on* of your own number, w* appeal to youtoJwnuainourturacst andtttaely efforts to rescue the g"%*r us sc.l of the Scut* from U awhich It bad been going on daily coBcjuerlBg u d to con- querallopposition,thatitwasjustasmuchmisunderMDaviA Mr Exaer, aad MSto the saerwse.s aveboioag politicians whom j ou have electa I to oilicea growth u d developement of that party waa strange,h u so little the, tn«t wbich "^•wSrds Margaret Quira, A Mack. Wm Taosapson F Haa Wnt,L«>| bctlJe ta t h a c h a , tafiicttoi: a aertcos though a o t fatalc<wsptpers.T. The greatest possible encouragement to free whiteOtherarttatav,*» " " SI00after we will, if we can, by our suffrages, bold the Presi- dential chair, aad other high < fficial positions ta tb* federal,government, sacredly intact from the occupancytween First u d Second avenuesBtBsmG FLEU> CA*VALTT —Mary P . Bagray died at No.1 Gay street, yeaterday, from the effects of burns acci-Clarke, James Freeman, Jamaica Plains, MassDKR—Our Bay root correspondent writes, saya the Boatoa 36 of service wiil expire with the present Congress. Ed lravtlltr. that the arrival of a beautiful c u e of heavilyward D. Baker, republicu, w u chosen to fill th e va- silver moon tod Colt's revolvers, with a box containingBelper, Bfttoa M.,New York city 100 Hurlburt,F.Brooklyn,NY 3ft Jay. John, New York city 100 Eftcliam, £dgar, New York city 35 McCaulley. William, Wilmington, D el 1 0have been, had he had notftonXessedto have committed tbemurders,whenbewusentherefrom Kentucky, u he confessed to have murdered her on tha side of Sandy.Struahu, J. 8 T., Brooklyn. N. Y 100 Tappu, Lewis, Brooklyn, N Y 10S Thomaa, Wm B., Philadelphia, Pa 100 Tweedy.Edmund, Newport.R.I 10Grtmpn-L (X. / ) Watchmen, Oct 20.Pc*i*Am-ma RIMOVBD.—James Clendenin, Postmtster atCarlisleSprings,Pa, hubeenremoved,udtheoflioeWakeman, Abram, New Yorkoity ISO Weed.Thnrlow. Albuy, N Y 100 White, Aaron, Thompson, Ooan 10 Wright. E N and Jamas A., Philadelphia, Pa 80 Word, watford R., Albany, N Y 100been received. I regret to say I cannot make such u ar- (which ia necessary only during the waterieg season) d a insured. Tbe easement is occupied by Charles Reiner u rangement. I am aot a professional lecturer—have never continued, because he divided his commissions with a an eating house Bis stock is damaged bv wuter to the got up but one lecture, u t that, I tolas, rather a poor firm in New York on a quantity of private circulars sent extent of about $160—insured. The building ta damaged$Vv 5^ F . S25, North Carolina 166Esausa PAPS** a Faros or OLDA us —From tbe follow- shire, tor engaging in the "gift enterprise ' business.ftccktju, TotalN. Y .,»26that whereas in the yelr 18t)G every abcrer **a peacti caily a slaveholder, and that slaveholders directed th> political influence o f slaves, a s they were count-come a t o a conflict, an irrepressible conflict with year. He alto says, "they are at this moment depressed strcngly agataat thia resolution, arguing that it w u u - thi otber. Every9o*y mignt have knoen, forty, by the Immense debt which baa been heaped upm them; fair in a Union Coaveatioa to gtva u y oae memb*T th* teirty, twenty years ago, that ' just that that tbelr traffic haa bee* too heavily taxed, aad h u bee* privilege of flllisg his detegetiee by tw* other* af tha divertedintorivalcbunels,whereawiseraadbetterlct>ger; beretofure, earnestly but submissively, we have all perished, aad ibis great aeeeesltv bad brought np be- arked you to redress tbe mere atroaiona outrages which fore the whole world * party that comprehends what ia yoatareceTpetpatedagataatus;butwhathaabaa*th** goingonintbecountry,udadaptsitself to it avariablefateofourpetition*? Withscarcelyaperusal, Thatwuthewholepbilcsopb;oftherepublican party.conflict must happen: bat the democratic party, the oldt»'elfDoe*sotMr.Llttirjatmkaowthat»tatba stvemovement.1fe«*itisthattheSouth,woi'aUyinert Youuagoaduanotanner—joishalloppressoanorailywarned,Wonldaotbelieveit.Thosepowershad acdseudaleeacharacterexist,tnvolvteg,ttiafeared,thetame party. Mr. IJoyd.eusequeaUy, «T*red a res-dadatio*.the ehjectjoaaMe tagalatwa af last water, acd wlb de> Wbtia i* Virg ala, r»r» recently, a* elderly slave- with s degree of contempt tbatadded insult to ioj *-y,you It did aot encounter u y prsctical resistance to its 'oreed themselves into public confidence, and wa hare the For Ctty Judge—Jobs B Livingston.sssrtmor"TB*srxorazx vnxuam."a good pxuca of thoad who bav« eagrniered a re- boli.er, whose religioua walk and conversation bad re- have laid them en the table, and from thence they have success. It merely proposed that in all the unoccupied gratifying spectacle of seeing that the cscnmcrciai toeFor Recorder—Joha T. Hoff nan ForSurrogate—EdwardC.Wess.Tor Supervisor—C. Schwarawaeldar. ForRegister—TamesLjneb. MrRA,pmentedaminorityreport,wbteh wutmt>commended aadpromoted himtoaaeldership iathe been awept at*th*furnaceof oblivion- Henceforth, cageborneupontheir imperial watersla1869wasalit- sua, we are demandants, not suppliants. Wedemandonr Territories pc*eesred bv the Indiana, those Indians should,Butwearetillthat'theretaaomaatathaiPreebjtetiaachurch,aa*who*spportahimselfaadrij;ht».unitirgmore,nothinglessTt»foryoutodecidewiththecustomaryhumanityofourcountry,bedig tlemorethansixtysevenperseat,ofthewholeimportaommoattf (Osw*ro) abocojoya afej^hercharao amiiybyrsmtagaaajaiaasmtobacco,toldaathat(br weethtrwearetohavejusticepeaceablyorbyviolence, plused,udnewStataabeformedbyfreewbltomenor udexporttonnageoftheUnitedState*;''andiathede-tcr tor aeraa** assgrtty than Mr. Lrttlejoha.'* the taat eight er ta* years, aai te from the taereaseaf hta for »tulever taasenuencae may follow, we are determin ibis country u d from Europe. On the other side tt was tail he uows that the entire tonnage during the last fire tar to that of the majority, with the exeentkaef rsfratiomamoaity, of ootiraa,erecteaadgraduatm hum**ehattaia,betoteqxim oonfi<teathebadnottwownataaodarudaofIntegrity,aadthereaaoob- cleareda*muchevenaaeseparoastperannumoathejvetjoa, aa ieag aa tt dor* net attempt ta thrust amoaat cf bis taweataeat. The real and personal pro-tbea oa other people. Waaa I waato Chisagothree pertyofthta age* Cnrittan aanaiaw chiefly ia a laree* sawra line*, a proaaent republican complained to ma tract of a s * and about thirty aearcea, moat of whom, ac- world, wth the fall and fixed determination to stud by it pre nipted in tbe l e w Territories, whjilc free white amoubt But u the receipts from tells amounted to $11,-totinfthenan*ofM.T.Bread*forLynch. OnmotiontheConventionproceededtoendorseeach i ame en t h e majority resort separately, and proceededu far u the name of Lynch witoout DisturbanceA motion w u made to substitute tha name of Brensan* for Lyceb en th* majority report. Bereupen a tcene o f wild con fusion ensued, a n dail aLpearai.ce of order w u lost. Amid a wild eacitemectwere beard athoneudboiatereaamo- lars for adjournment, tor ree-sa, u d tc factforaar-cdtoiaveitonewayortheotheror d a h * tt, uBteia one of more virtuous emeacy shall be pteamted,arethemottoeawhich,tainbatonce.embody theprucrUS,SSweconceive,tbatshouttgovernuam earpatriotcwarfareagainsttbemostsubtleudinm- dtuns foe tbat ever menaced the inalienaale rights and iibertlea acd dearest interests of Amtriea;—two moatbs rnce Mr. Tarbell, who had for for the parents, at another parenta are sold a proatre ther vate to ary tice who adrocstes the retention aad y»arsbeeneditorofthatpaper,wasgotrid fcod'forthechiiOeo.WithinitspeatiientialatmosphereperprfatienofbumuaJanery.raidthatitoseTerritoriesmostbesavedfromtbeAflean slave. But not one atfro from Africa eVer voluntarily emigratedtotteAmsjjricucontinent, oroversquattedoryearsamour.tedto17929,638toaa,ofWbiJttbeptoduot oftheforestamountedto7,172,618toss—"aHttle"over threeeighths, or thirty eight percent of tbe wholetbat their SOTamor rftaael''•) baut seat on a raqnmttioBi totiurt.irtmorr»rih*lurreader ofMrL.tUrjoh*and paiuer,aadUwaanotcm{iii«d %.th Baditoe«a,we a'gbtperhapabar*beenfaroredwithaeottanartaTOofthe oawego aad rbimgo aaudarda of integrity raapactire ly. thai would bare prored ns.mctiva and pianinol*.cord tag to hta own eonlcsato*. are more enpensive than pro.table. Theproceedaarsagfromtheaaleofthet* baccotheyproduceareailkisserbedinthepurcJm*aof meataadbreadforbemacoBsSmptgoa,andwhenth* crop is stunted by drought, treat or ctherwse cut abort, one f the negroes must be sold to raise funds tor the sup-L.CB were coataua&y going there: ahd there were trjussnasofacresmoreinthesaveStatesthanwerere acirtc"forthedescendantsofthenegroesinthe3outhfor tfcenestbiicdreoyears. WhydoGermans,andIrish, and Americans go to Kansu and Nebraska instead of to Virgins or Ncrta Carolina? Simply because when48S,«20—averaging $2,786,724, of which tbe lumber gave but$494977—perjcar,while theagricultural produce fcnlytwenty-sevenpercentofthetonnage)gave$973,-1 317or95.84centspertoo—aboutdoubl.thechargeupoalumber. This ' spectacle," though gratifying to theTEX i:\15SJl TO ^TAXB OS DU BY IT. TraerlbecJonthebunerwhichweherewithnnfarltothee3es of the Auditor, and perhapa a nugget in tbe pooketa thirgthat mtgbtertme a noise. At thin momut, also, Bat -Mr BTOWB, tfie r'goroaa and tndependeat editor port of the others. Such are tba atrieaitoral ech.tve- 1. Thoretigh OTguizaticu u d independent political ac- tt*y go to Virginia or North Carolina they find them of the lumbermen, la not quite ao etaar to the eyea of the several cf the wxCows were mashed ia with stone* aftheOswfgonmat,''ttaeema,amb*.eapitcbieginto mentaofelavelabor;-ancbaretheresultsof'thesumot t'rronthepartoftheconalavebcldicgwhiteaofthe tclves inanirreprrssibloconflict with theAfrican agriculturist;andperhaoain•partieswhoareobligedto fromtheoutride,andageneralrushmadeforth*Chair- Mr Oraaiey, a bebaif of Mr. LiUiejofan. Of ooaraehe all vtUaniea." The.diabolical institution subsists en us South. s'ave. As there was no resistance to the toet the bills would rather i a "imperial waters'' were man. Everything tadicattd a free Ssht, but the appear• bee. thoagb I carer btard of tt before. It la bat own fiesh. At oae time children are sold to procure food i iBelig.bUity of pro slavery alavehoid«rs, never ano- republican psrty, gad to the accomplishment of im less disturbed by pkbiu lumber, 96.84 oents per ton atee of several poiieasaaa preventtd further diitmb-of became te was cot tnlMently plastic to the UebrjoBB aad kindred lanaenees, ana tbia iadepea- deat giautman ir.sa.led in bis plaoa. Be new grinds oat •uiietoorder. 'Tilbiarocation Letbiagrind.Ia u asar Tety dad time to attend to hut maasera.out torn <aat teach aooat-repubUcaa members cf As- aemWy," "pr^feTea«s for United States Senatw," andnothiigsucceeds;progreassndprosperityareunitaown; 3. Nocooperationwithproslaverypoliticians;no1*1-taanttion and e'othfuineas eaaae; ererythmg becomes ifiwehip with them in reiigicc, no afiltiiation with them dull, disaai and uaprofltabto; wtetcbedceaa and deaila in seew-tytionstandorlieinboldreliefthroughouttheaad;aa 4Napatronagetoproslaverymerchants;nogueeuhlpaspect af m < n m^ianchoiy iaactivtty a a d diapidatioa ic Have waiting hotels; no fees to pro slavery lawyera;broodaoverevery city andtown;ignoranceaadpreju- o<e-apknm»ntofproslrveryphjsiciaas;noaudienceto dice tit enthrones *er thamiadsof the people; uaurping pro slavery parsons.perhapatbiaadjoaiment,withthedispositionofthe sev-Judge Wiltard, of Troy; Cantata Hill u d Mr. E. B. Car-rested with the sacred rights aad privileges of whish he SriECB OF B E . SEWHLD I I BHtHlBTO^/ live spirit or the democracy of tbe Uqitdd Statea is a! ling, both of tbe United States army; C H Walker, of af Instituting * search. Before reaching tbe second floorthe vile Institution, whether white or black, must be reinhasbeenrfeprtvedby aninhumanoligarchy. Whatour nobleairesoftherevolutionaftuntMsbsditisourduty to complete. e • e e • elowedtosucceed. ElectLincoln,and the first blow to 51;gland.andE *.Gilbertudfamily,ofUtica,arestop-heheardanoiseentbeflooraboveu ifsomepersonwu attemptingtoforceadooropen. Onproceeding further ha discovered * nan, named James Smith, attempting to effect an entrance to the rooms of Mr*. Sinnott, manufac- turer of ladaa' headdresses. On the approach of the officer the burglar fled to the attic u d there secreted himself, b u t h e w a * closely pursued snd finally secured. Upon searching the pr'soner a quantity of picture frames, glazier's dounonds, and da- guerreau meterlata, the property of Charles Warner A Co, were fcund lu hta possession. On betag taken before Justice Eelly, at the Lower Police Court, yesterday morn tag. Smith wa* commuted for examination Mra. Sin- nott s place has been broken ato three times witota theTo this principle the North has sdhered with the strictestBOGHAMTON, Oct 24, I860. A republican mars meeting was held here this after-theseparationaftheUnitedStateslaejBected.SBWAXD A CABBSDATS r e s Ba Eiscnost—The Lyoaa (N .pingattheSt.NichoasBotel.Dr u d Mies "cell, or Quebec; J R. Eakin u d party, of Nubville. Tenn.; M. Cottrell, of Vermont; B Benson, oi the United Statea army, and W. M Foster, of Prince- ton, N. J., are stopping at tbe Metropolitan Botel.Copt. A. Crtado, ef Havana; 3. Almy and wife, of Con- necticut; F . D. Lewis, of Lot>dan,ud C. Sharps u d wife, of Philadelphia, are stopping at the Iafsrge BouseO l . t t a a r y .A.NDBSWB HnrnivFON, asonof Jesse Hutchinson,ofMiKord, New Bampsbtre. and brother of the well known Hutchinson singers, died at the Lunatic Hospital, at SonthY.) Republican,aanoucces that Seeardj la a candidate for fidelity. Bow haa it been with the South ? Baa she imi- noon. The Wide Awakes from the surrounding localities re election to th* United Senate u follows—tated the praiseworthy example of our Ulnstrious ances- came to join tn the demonstration. The platform was tors ? N o ! She has treated It with the utmost contempt;Remember that every vote east for John S. Lsmoreaux is a vote for the re-election to the I nited Statea Senate of tbat fearless champion of human liberty, William BSeward. Remember that every vote cut against him is the same u a vote agataat the gallant Senator.Ctsrm OJ» Tag•• Strap —Andrew Q . Curtin, t h e newlyelected Goverac* of Pennsylvania, will address the peo-ahe has been extremely sfttsh—eo selfish, indeed, thatahe has robbed posterity of its natural, inalienable righto.From tbe period of the formation of the government downto the present moment, her oolicy has been downright su-icidal, and, aa a matter of course, wbolly indefeasible Shsbaahoggedavipertoherbreast:herwholesystemgreatapplause-Becommencedbyremarkingthatha haa been paralysed, h e r conscience ia seared, aad, stillerected at the foot of the Court Bouse Bill, and the au- dience occupied the ascending ground.The preliminary organization having been elected, Governor Seward waa introduced, and w u received withholding in ber embrace the cause of her shame and aafier- bad been in the habit of assocatirg great interestsing, she is becomiag caiimis to every principle of justice aflecting the country or humanity with localities whichand magnanimity. Except among the non slaveholders, seemed peculiarly adapted to their; particular re having been on the Supreme bench of Vermont just cue- two years of age, and for many yeara a grocer upon Broadwho, besides, being kept m tbe grossest ignorance, are un- street. dertherestraintofallmanneroriniquitoustaws,patriot-ceptioti.AfterallusionstoPalestine,theNile,quarterofacentury,udforthelasttanyearsitsChief veryserkasaffrayoccurredInJohnGreen'sdancehouse,With regard to the uaaationai and demoralising system it a place fit for contemplation. Therefore it seemedout in front of the counter. He then made a load notae. acting like a drunken man, when Green came from be- hind the counter, ud, with the aid of others, pushed him outatothestreet. Whiletheparty wereengagedtacalities, quebannahe said the legends of th* Sas-organised.Sunn ss Cotsr—Ciacrrr —As before.Si S'BBIOB CCTKT ABD COSMOS PLSAS —This being the room u d seated himself behind (be bar. Be w u reu dtains u d plains, u d tbe great artery of civilization ar«i commerce passing through i t , seemed to renderof slavery, we believe the majority of Northern peoplearetooscrupulous Theyarmtothinkthatitiaenoughfor tbem to be mere free Boilers, to keep ta check thedffbst-'edementofslavery,andtopreventitfromcrosa- greatphenomenonoftheyearud of thetimes? Super. estimatedatfas,000. iag over the bounds within which it ia aow regulated by flcial people might tell them it w u the visit of a sovereignmunicipaltaw. Remisstetheirnationaldcties,SSwePrince,theheirapparentoftheEuropeanmonarchy,totheTHE EPITAPH.v M u y years ago Elwood Fisher predicted thattheepitaphwhichinfutureages!would beinscribed uponourpoliticaltabletwouldreadhafollows:—the jury rendered a verdict of six cents for plaintiff *Arrival* and Departures. ARRIVALS.IBAGTJA—B»ra Holland—David Wtagood, of league; H Frith, of Bermuda.wound ten inches ta length froa which the entrails pro traded.Thesaeailutruaway,aadtheinjuredmaa wutakenintotbebouseandmedicalatocalled. Pursuit beingmadeforthemurderer,hewucapturednearBee* m u street by officer Simoasoo, of the Second ward. B « wu taken to the scene of blood, and w u identified bycontend, they make no positive attack upon the institu-UnitedStates, Thatwasu Incidentoftheleastpossible importance to the people of this country, though it might be of vaat Importance to the Prince aad the country fromChenugo, thesecluded region,to him well chosen for reflecting upon the great pheno- menonofourdayud orourcountry. Whatwas theThe value of staves who have escaped from the countiesAmoa E Granger, Saml G Andrews, William Stewart, as bard blows to secure the independence of Georgia as which he came. Bnt the phenomenon of our day wis theEdwin & Morgan, Abraham B.Oiia, Samael B_Cnrtia, they did in defending theliberties of Massachusetts, and iaGelusha A. «row, Stdney Dean, Jchn M- Wood, it aot notorioualy tone tbat the toryitm of South Carolina republican party of the United States. It is a phenome from the Columbus 3un is from a highly respectable u d POBT in PxiBcs-Brig Hannah-laprit Chaauy. J J»rn- that he would like to-'chaw"-the whole party up It i*mu which had been entirely misunderstood by all who had dissented from it, and, he waa sorry to say, hut im- perfectly understood b y those whom it has enrolled among its membera Ila appearance on the stage of hunaa actioncert, B Kinck.t UvuroOL-Steamabip Alr»ce-Be» Bticsa/Was received by a a iacreduloue and unintelligent world, very much aa those great evaata had been under- stood. It was thought s trsasieat, as enthusiastic party, s ranattcal party—everything hut what really laa power, domiasltag over all other political powers, aad crushingMrGeaaaL..¥U ?B d i_, l i^^- Jobo)^aaV»a^Bori; « » «aWeder.BUS Andrews, U * ^ - f-SSMsaT^bUa; GA Wersa, MT; KEtag,lit'Mr Belper is a aaitre of North Carolina, who, as the re-ealt o f careful ohaarvatio* a n d extonstve laqajry, hasreaebed the very obvtooa aad just coactosioa task hamanaUvery hi Mat great primary curse aad parti of Um Snath,impeding Ito progress is morels, intelligence, aduatry,and wealth. Thai conchatou, with the facm on which if* roended, ia eabodled ta hta back eatitled "The Im fathers founded in septennal streams of blood, we aak ordiaaryappitaacea of political aettoa. Bnt at last all pendtagCrtataoftheSnath"—a workataristow*re- you.taalls*staassta*»tt*argaataayearaslva*aaoaeman whodissentedfrcmithadbeenpattothenecessityof1andballadbytheadvocate*affreelaboraaoaeof nnderthebeaneraofliberty,aadtoaidoaaexterminat- ctmbinscgtaoneOneldesperateesort,wltttthehopetbat"am ofthejattcsof agslavery,whichiatheonlythingthatmHitatosagainst theywouldestisgsMhtt Onlyastotsa*taatDecember noweonvulseithecountry. Tbechoiceofunpledgedeteo- andehfkt.PVanSeaaaek.tadr.latentaadeervt.TCBatay. defence. Cavuagh,whotanowlyingatthe NewYorkthings- Hitherto, aa am** free Staler*, you have ap- proached hat halfway to th* tine of your duty; now, for your own sakes and far ours, aad for the purpose of per- petuating this great republic, which your fathers and ourtions upon tba duties of Presidential electors. It presentsa full answer to the queries of the black repablican organ*as to how Juste* Kent, Jassea Dapeyster Ogdce u d othersintend to vote if elected. All.that we are entitled te Tearyudlady, Dr_B C^Pnbburae, A Sutton. Mas J MUnd spaired ef, we* arrested, yesterday afternoon, at staple- knewis,thattheywillexercise their beatjudgmentas „ MMWsrreD.W4Hcaer.JEGraeta.TMiddieton,Jr, ten.Stolenbtead,bypottcemuGolden,ofth*sixthpre-the fooBtata, but a sturdy, eadeariag, parmaaeat oak, •prong np from the acorn, u d of political necessity men had ceased to think that they could p u t It dew* hy t b *Gtooa. MT; W Uwkwood, MT; _. AGafpe, ST; Arthur Gafn* do;u itWMatthe.begCmine;. Tbeficeraticiisofpoliticalmeb fkTor.t*.aclatoc.3*>c6Ue(ib'Si0K«li0B»1-^leuce*.MICVITAS—BrigAntaOwen—FdeBctrerru,MCd<«Sorar^ faalofFiiqntrica:toallowR.bottlemeat »«s'TM£JJ- raa, Mde Sorarru, T Llaente, MfJaaaUanne. UPrim>-;laa, J trochS) wppeT ntzpetr k was arreaud, aad the wound-stood by car polltlcus u d statesmen todayednanwmtaredtort.yu*petite.\palest 34.60 is "a little" too saline for clodhoppers, aad ance.misson,sotherewatnopossibleargumentagainstit.Intheabsenceofargumentthoseopposeltoitsoughttopieveit 'ta progress hy raising cavils about the constitu-tion but nowheie cats the constitution sanctim slavery ma The business, u promulgated, foots up in this ta the negative—whea the Chairmu deatared Mr. Lyaca wiUiathejursdicttanoftoefederalUnion.Thenthey wise:— utbtircominee,T.emtlientoecdoruMrLynchwuMWputabd enteen millions, is the solution of the Comptroller's enig- earned—the delegation from tbe fisth wari nary votingcavil about tbe republicu construction of t h e Declare "FATTY ' WSISE stcprcd ap, and, after defying u y maa tionofIndependence. Teedemocratssaythat the nTM« Productofforest,38perct.cfwhole,or3460eta.pertoo. aotr<>rBrensutoapngiliaticearounter,pnoeededtoioekr construction ia that all *)>'•• —- i •>» created Agr-1 produce, 27 " " 96 84 " " the doors. After having secured the cour andand humanity. What remained to be dener Nothing,he mid, but to enjoin thb) last consideration on their memory:dentally received on the 19th ult., by tbe explosion of a tabs la the burning fluid lamp upon her person. Coroner Schirmerthe greatett unanimity. Brennan lor Register aad Mather for tbe Third Congressional district.Throughout the u t i r e disturbance the police, of whom there w u a large delegation present, behaved ta the moat cowardly, or rather in tbe mat careleu manctr, iosuad cf clearing the roam of those who were sent to demolish everything, theyfootedquietlyoa,taogbedudenjoyed the tun u mnch, if not more, than aay others preteat.Ftrea in M«w York. FIBS IK N..NTH AVENUE.Shortly after two o'clock yesterday (Wednesday) mcrn- tag a fire w u discovered ta the grocery store af White Bro- thers, 113 Ninth avenue. Tbe flames were very soon ex- tinguished by the iiremen. Damage to the stork and fix- tures about S800. Insured lor $1 Mt) in the St. Kier.cdu Insurance Company. The building ia owned b y Mr Wash- ington Smith, u d the damage to tt hi but triflag.FT** VK WEST TEKTH FTHKET.Between three afid four o'clock yesterday (Wednesday)morning a fir* broke out in tbe four story dwelling(owned aad occupied by Mr. John-Peafotd) No. v Bre-voort place, West Tenth street About one-half ef thetop story aad roof were nearly destroyed before theflamesweresubdued. MrPenfoldandfamily,ttsums, were at their cooatry reaider.ee at Newtown. Long Island, leavingtiebouse inchargeofWa.H Jarvisandwife, who slept ta the front basement. They informed the Fire Marshal that the first alarm they get of thehousebeingoafirewu from a neighbor rasingat the bell u d informing them tbat smoke w u in the ad- joining house. Mr Juris says he ran up steers to the thirdstory,aadcouldthenseetheSanaaburstingMarch, 1001, in place of Boa. Joseph L u e . whose a r msnd Vic* President of the United States, the IStO—YesterdayGeorge Aldndgewas arraignedforhisor ticket containing the names of aa many per- u d sister, after violating ber person Aldrldge, when firstsonsforelectorsu theStatemaybeentitledtofor arrested,wutakenfromth*guard,udhiscoffinmade,the tims being. Tbe name of the voter shall be written u d came very near betag hanged, aad would no douot through the coifing of the back room, it tt believed,caused is a matter for the Fire Marshal to discover by t net designation of them collectively provided that If The people here were never more excited. When Mr. investigation. The daaaage te the building will aaaonot,he be dumb, he may vote by ballot. Wnen the vote ti re-ceived by the commissioners, it shall be recorded on tbepo l bock as aforesaid. Alter the names of all the voters offeriog to vote before the time of closing the election shallhave been thus eaterel, the officer shall conclude thepull. Immediately oa the conclusion thereof, the correct moved to tears; but the Court sent him on for farther cess of toe poll shell be certified by tbe commasloners total.probably, to abcBt $.000, u d the damage te tbe house hold furniture about $600. The building » insured for tBCCO, and ihe furniture Tor 14 000, in the ilinlon Insu- rance Company.FIRE IM WEST TBIBTYTB1BD -TKELT.The alarm or fire for the Second district, oa Tuesday ,night, about half put eight o'clock, originated at Met MM West Thirty third street, caused by some woodsheds taking fire The damage done will amount to about t i e NoinsuranceFfBE Dl EIGHTH AVmXUE.Between two and tares o'clock oa Wednesday mwsag,FIBB IM THIBD AVENUE.Shortly before eight o'clock yesterday morning a firebroke out in th* building No. 302 Third avenu*vaw*he premises of Mrs Metcalf. Tbe damage to the furniture, by fire and water,willamouat to aboutfl,000—fullythe same. The officers conducting the election at the sscTio*—Th* Louisville (S. C ) Hermidstates that lu tplaces other than the Court Bouse, shall report and de- week a titters, ia the upper part of that district, I&bamliver the poll withm five days after the commencement S. Bolt, committed suicide by blowing oat his brains withoftheelectiontothecommissionersattheCourtBouse. ashotgun. Itseemsthathebad been much bvrasaedOBJGCIAL LSTTKB FROS 0u> ABS—Tba following letterwas written by Hon. Abraham Lincoln, the republioaaCandidate for|th* Presidency, to John M. Carson, Esq ,chairmanoftheCommitteeofLecturesoftheBarrlaonLterary Institute of thia city. It la dated two months not intended at present to run a braach rrom Biverhead, sured. . previa**tothemeetingcftheChicagoConvention,and betfromGreenporttoSagHarbor,udthencetoMonTBB TBUGBAPH OX L O G ISLASD —The wire la not y e t beingstretched,butwillbeinaveryaborttime. Itiaa lire w u discovered in the woodsheds oaaed by Henry Stubl>. corner of Eighth avenue aad Forty-flftb street. The fire w u soon extinguished Damage about SMB. ta-ACTIO*FOEASSAULTANDBATTEBT.of Bourbon u i Fayette, Ky., wiilln j the last month is OCT 24— Stephen 8 Austin«. Kerner and BircK—Tn quarrelling oa toe eidewa'k McGuire drew a sheath knifeHere lies a people who, in striving to give liberty tothiscase,which bu been fuilyreportedintbeHXRALP, ud plunged lit into thestomach orGreen,infixing aPOST an PLATi-Bria Buttaao-F J Waldalr. lady aad fa. the apparently dying m u u his ami Hani htoSuire ex- ' TBB LATS TBOCBLXS IN FIORIDA.—The folio sing note, only, K Pizarro, hibited ao remoree, bat contented hissseif with uyagreliable gentiemu —The insurrectionary war ta Calhoun county a a t ureacy of the law h u been vindicated. The partite ac-cused, u a general thing, submitted to tha authorities.Seventeen bar* been committed on a charge of murder,ten of assault with intent to kill, land a targe numberwere required to find lecurities to keep the peace.Tolr.y three committed oa a charge for conspiracy. M &2&SR&S2,0 S T s d f Pouherer, Ptak J w u deemed Mvtaable to rearrest hta aseaiiut. Tbe citizen soldiers conducted themselves Inu admirable L^ I! 22ffl John Lu&treTdorJohnJTieholson.>ST:Ja. Michael Clare. The praoner states that be mistook WardMABIASSAJ Fla., Oct 18,1880.DEPASTURES,not at all probable that green can surviv*.^^ l n*lJLZ PsoBABLT FATAL AssAtru —The affray which took placeM rend. Peace leigis in the disturbed district. Tb* supra Peacock London tleo W Sutton. Lexlnaton. ^.K^^^tZV ea Monday eventog.at tha corner ef Ttird avenue andtorsisastephitherightdirection.STOBTosis*cosamrnos Sec.260.there probably laaopartoftheipumof the practicallytosmera speaking,of the cocstitutioa *»*»»according lolfeeir o«n jtogment of the relative meritsac.1(i«r.flcsiUs „ftbecandidatesforthishjgnoffice,a d a a t t t # ah^uid be under no pledge to u y popular Be«ot, S CJrowea Hea.th, J Bamaey, CJ Poi-tmua, t VerUntitled Documentsasi^SSSsjatwwasg him, and expresses a desire tbat the mast sr should a e t B Raymond. BT; W « Duan. be prosecuted u y further. Ctare says ha ia tnary sorryIS?M-£ft&i ^ ^ r ^ a b S ?7; FBLOHOC* AaaArcr—Frederak Schacbt, thEsaJ Street, Bur. Maauel Maa, Cat tlS,B*l la specie. who assaulted Mtehaei Oavaaagh, with a cleaver, oa Tues- CB>M_»ros-WaaBmhto Marbm—B W Baeot and lady. J 8 day night, tajwrtag has so severely that bia life a de-C B aammaa, O Ptosat, A F Orasn* MmTarbeO, Mas Baeot.uti republicuitopatdownthasectionalagitation which 8• cnttexaoaandlady,Cataertnekaeriock,HBarnweU.lady cinct. Tbepraonersayshe tafltated the injury ta selfexpectationthe choice of President. They undoubtedly ^mtend- * Green, M toaith, A Kldridge, B Zedenburv. B Rotainc, 1 wound. Tbe par-ice are torutt of the houu where taason,MiteSarahTompkins.FPeyralad*.n ePBORABLB MrsDBB aWATEB STBSST —Lastevenag am u hfnaetf believes tbat the blow w u not tatoaaed fortor what las occurred, u d states tbat he here ao ill.will toward* Ward whatever. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 