 b. Iaw* THB LKDOBM FOB THIS MOBS A TOCBBT,»tire w m canoed by a door mat taking tire from the stove, in front of which it bad been hung to dry.Brooklyn City Mewa.8rrroem> Scicroa—DBWOVSKY or CI.OTHI.VI; asm Paraasow a Rarr.—The Eighth ward-police have for some daysul i c e liver and kipneys, e'timnlawi the seaottoea, aad expel •erne editorial quidnunc whowrites fortheNewYork veryofthebodyofapersonsupposedtohave committed eteteseferdeeteer's 'Water Cure. Wail\aaa toe thrill aotaa of the iron horae giro the signal or men- fresh food lasted, there waa no deuat bat that toe All the Fire Wardens can do after they have The tram a in aaottaa, the travelling < xpedaMB progressed very favorably He thought it examined buildings reported to be unsafe is to notifyThe remains will be token to Greenwood.Sana.—On Monday evening, April 9, of msjejasttol ofTHE TTMBOBOWBBB'OOMPAJTTO FOOGBAO,out ef afi propriety, wnh the wSaaBna H w twees over U»eAt test we are eat af Broadway, MM Uatoa •quare, which already_af New Terk ami af i l i i i M rPassing to toa haft o tf float M H M U I edltaleating addram by Hating torn, mAmoncaaa, theyall deeary totoraated to tola aani mail Boldtog aa they • ^ ^ ^ oaaa^Ptaamoj u t w jAAeEtaKa UUBmafaaWaav» t u C j GoaJX&Ow aWaaaa-Ca v ¥ idly whue the other peopieo of toe world decide every question of boaadaries or ansae am tees aad territory, mom eaaeeto&y whoa laoaa discoveries belong m oar owa Qeammbere. B e than btoratomed Dr. I. J Hayea totheaadieaea.Dr. ELtrm, on ccming forward, was received wito eonstole and bad character. B e concluded hat remarks b y calling apes all present to rouse tbe attention of their friends to this subject.huac Wtuxuat, of tbe Ninth ward, stated that tbe pedtora were mjuriag his buatoees by coming oulstd ha mare door and trying to undersell him, aa further stated bis willingness to do all to his powe to advance tbe interests of toe cause, aad that be would go ssaongat hat rrtonda aad "stir them up " He eugdtCa.'sCotnrrv, CLass 96, Aran. 10. I860.17, 67, 5s, 38, 65, §7, 74, 3, 71, 48, 75, 38.Coasounaran Lonaar—Cum SO,Aran.IS.Ma. 89, 28, 47, 26, 46, tt, 72, 51, 67, 71, 65, 11.FBAJjrCB, BMAMBMMTS * Ofl .,WHattagtea,Date ofthePerishofAthtoague.CountyBaammaaas,Ireland, LaTTTlT,U*raemre IB Bureae, ajB!•ameersMthe inapaoaringbeforethepublicaaatoembraceaaoppor-ward,andtonsarriveattheteelingoftoegrocersonto be ranked is thetf attar astra airing specim<Mia oftoe Foerth avenue. Bat we joss aow.Tastyfirstill•atmoatbereacheda goodUaae,aadourreaders a Albany, Troy, to.,aunt bare the Bmuin wtthtaw breakfast. Away wo ga with anabstod speed uiiwe mash Thirtieth street, watch w e p a * dawrn, aad la atee amteetee mar* are at oar ptase of oaaataattaa. On ourtunity of mere fully explaining hit views as to the prac of aaneattog the open Polar Sea. frequently aiiuded to. Ha then antored hue a regularUna eneject.Mr. Wasas thought that toe thing could be carriedwtmge mt ttee DaUa WOJOD., MSlDtiDT * CO., Maaagiea of IDSLawaas, oaoaaia, aSsrucsv aaaSt»tej isVto.M.T.LBTT1Haw TOR*. April X ST AFFOBD'8OUT! TAB aredepot a ail attre mating ready the the rente, aad with the cooafhaytogtatthfaiiy laahaiga" oar daty U the to the Trojans, to toe Tubby Hookers, to the or Yoakenuae, to the BBaSemamm, to toe {toa ward,taall the dwellers aa thebanksof tar Htidana ten thaaa whe hoe at the farflla vattoy of the aad—to make abort work of It—to satiety m which a to a amain oaaaa repraaeaiud b y ail• baa bean aald, totthfafly dsty, we return to our homtn to aeea alaasy.S a alleged.- > of nrtaahad arrit rd toafto ha wedded,him to roMll h aI eras the promtee of a•ape of $100 would not wto a a a osar ta Ftodtogbarloverimraorabieinbataid of the rnagatrate,aad dealt with atola custody byedtear Degae aad held to await the reaait of aa exann-, when a to oaaaa off on Tbaraday afternoon.aaght before Josace OaanoUy. ataart, aa a similar charge. John, b mm seducing awabjat Erweed, of 121quite poastoto that there aught be name survivors of that the owner of such buildings, but they have not any powerstreagiy agatost toe probability. If there be any of to compel the owner to put such buildings in a prooer Hutm still avtng, they most have been rescued by state of repair. They report too unsafe buildings in thistoe lungs, Saamsx Wnxam, Batons sea of Dr. J. Smith aad Aimira B Dodge, aged 14 months and 20 days.tidevahln aatrnatomi B e aald that his principal object gestod that a committee be appoiated to canvass eachMSSST—0a Tuesday, April 10, Boarjsu MrMrr. nativearrival wa ted the toauaaoiive with ataaaa op aad reedyV atari iitia*hnrl to it la the indispensable taadar, a terrupled in h a course in Smith a Semite, m lat. 79 dot. ST toe city to abolish the nuisance of pedling. That evenJ.iaajaaas<arandayeana,.vr oar,throughthewindowsuim. Be entered into a minute aad interesting deecrtp-L.m of the temperature of the waters of toe*.-etc regioaa, and in tbe course of a> remarks gave avery grapaie desenptton of the mammoth icebergs whichare teend m these frozen aeea. The immense quantity few restarts being made by persons present. the meeting ot wa fcand m these legtons had tod m the arronueueTBON Aim srurnrB Bead the astimoniata of lbs fbltewingdrfuata. tbe asternal ofaa to the power whichOIOBCK Law, Meq . H e 3*3 Firth avenue, B e w Torfc. reeeen- • n d i the use M Olive Tar for eotoa, concha, itimaijlsn. Brume sad sprawe H e aiao eoataaseda toe a m af ato Bran and Sulphur Powders for erupUuua aad other danaeae Of tos blood.which weens am several ociupastetDriving up la teeaad takes in charge by some half doaea persons aaa j.oyetf Bar flat purpoae. These are the cjumers, taa aad packets, tor toe baggage oar is toereiiy eoa- mio a traiafllng aewspaper depot for the datebtteg, with l a babiaa tor the faedtog aad peaking or resets, aad »verythtog etae taa; a aaaaaaary for toe proper transacum of tor b laoaa- White the tram a sweeping aloag at taa raw of tarty miles aa hear, these packers aad toatoee aad counters are employed at then- wort, aad aa they aaar each a a a or village, toey mag cat taa aai.iaf.ia, all neatly dote op, wttb toe namea ofCor whom they are intended. aad who are attheanatonastoreearrethen. Aswthareantd, oar load a diseaargad, ear part of the w o n a perforated,Che meeting was but poorly attended, and after some adjourned until toe evening oi the l?th.i:ea thai lha navigation of tnese ease would be napoaai- bie Bateachanotthefact,nthenarigitiouofBaf• QBI Bay m ant attended with much more difficulty than uist ef tbe GvSt of Mexico Vessels hare been detained »ere lor days, but have mat no aenaea difficulty. Tbe lecuhar cucomataaces cooaected wtth the lamented exKlertionulrirt Warden*.A special meeting of the Board of Bepreaeataaves of toe New York Fire Department took place last night, ta, euraon oi Srr John yraakhn were then referred to. Dr. Firemen's Hall, Mercer street, Mr. W. A. Woodhull,trarsor LBXAXD, Ban-, Mewnpottaa Hotel. Broadway, • Torfc. aaes Olive Tmr to reltove patea and to core Beahaseasateareaaadatoiswar rueSereteeweof the sate aad blood, a a d always both remedialliny** amenag m m a circaauaanttol deecrtption ef tbe . angers wtth which that gallant a a d daricg Baghab aavi- «ator bed to conieaa, as well as of the naneraPresident, in the chair.The annual report of the Fire Wardens waa presentedUnaeveningsee adverUosmaot.JoUK LKVIsON, Auctioneeri;aeciuon still ante, altboagb circumstances woreThe relatives and friends of the family are respectfullythe Esquimaux, among wham ther amy yetperbasa be lound. Dr Hayes then proceeded to exntointoe plan and purposes of the expedition which rn1 pro-poses to undertake, in continuation, aa it were, of toetoraaahaamaa of the tate Dr. Kane. (Apptoam.) The death of Mr Sanderson Iaat October.bteVJataaar?^^pane aad designs of the Doctor bare already been given m the HnaauD. bat tt amy not be amies to restate toe pitootonl facet in a few words-—Leaving N> w York about the la. ef June, if wHimaatonria are favorable toe ezne- diuon will make direct tor the coast ef filranaMari eaJemg an their way only to obtain dags and ftna. They will ttwa aseaeod to flafflae Bay across the north waters of Sanitha Straits, but instead of adhering to t h e Orees erort aide, toey will pursue t h e Orin- aeU ahore, a a d thai straight forward until theyWhite tbe votes were being deposited, Mr. Woumrru. read a communication from toe Board of Fire Coaurdaaoaors, calling toe attention of toe Board of Bepresentatrrm of toe Fire Departaeent to tbe action of the Aldermen and Common Council hi tbe case ef John Kerrigan, and to toe imputa tions thrown apea lbs Board of Fire n BteMamn by certain members of tbe Board of Aldermen.Mr. Phillips, of engine company No. 40, moved the fol- lowing roasiaatoe:—Resolved, That each action, on toe part of toe Com mon Council, was detrimental to toe beat interestsACo.toPaarti Hall IboslCo.lsrW. Waaan, a ithail reach the Polar sea. From the Oral to toe 10th offliiptooalm It a expected that t h e asaaaflaaa will b eCrasm an, and no a canaeqnaaoL toe wmaar will be spent of the: Fire Department, that the present Boardhi inactivity. and it will act be until early next spring that tbeysbatl be able to push forward to their aonttoatton. The difficulties of the undertaking be "pi**—«» aa being considerably overrated. There were many bard things to be done, b a t with firm brum a a d persever- ance they hoped- to carry oat then* purpose sue oaaafnDy. He dasertoed the qeaaty of food on whichtheir toad afanekt fail abort. This at paaaaassa, a highly oondaaeed form of animal food, being pul versed fresh moat with a dae proportion of fat mixed in. Oa this food, which m quite raaielem, a man Bight exist tor a msaammahm time, ami if ha a m ohtato proper con- dtmenta, it might be made very paattabte. toooanamtoa,ry ana toe public He esid that with a due of toe importance of the undertaking, theyt their own. He felt that toe part they had to take w a s greater aad mora onerous than h a but tf they would aad the asanas and send him forth, and if God should spare hat life, be hoped that before three yean hare rolled around will be ens sled to return, aad to place in the baada of tbe American people the practical eolation of tbe only great geographi- cal question >—«»infc»g to be solved. (Applause.)The Ber. Dr. 'Thompson was the next speaker He ad- end catted on toe public to lend their aid After a lengthy and eloquent speech oa tbe adraamgea to arias from thai dieoorery, heof Fire Oamsaaaaaaara are; entitled to, and bare the entire confidence of thai Board, aad tbe time has aow arrived when tbe relations between tbe board of Fire Commissioners and toe Common Council, so far as government is concerned, should be disserved.After a lively discussion Mr. S a m , of Engine Company No. 51, snored that the communication and resolution be referred toe committee of fire aad the officers.Mollfla waa oarrtod unanimonaty.The baltotttog resulted in the election of the following gentlemen:—Mr. William Miller, of Hose Company No. 14. Mr. Daniel Curry, of Haee*Company No. 30; Mr. William Brandon, of Hook aad Ladder No.1;and Mr. John Downey, of Engine Company No. 34. were elected as Fire Wardens.It waa then moved and seconded that Mrs. Sanderson bo allowed to receive tbe eatery of the late Mr. Sanderson fortoenext twelve months;tbeother wardens having offered to discharge the duties of bis office for thatdie trict during thai time.TbemotionwascarriedunanimouslyThe meeting did not adjourn until after half pasteleven.City Intelligence.CoirDCtTORS' Bait.—The second annual ball of the con-ductors of tbe third Avenae Railroad was given at the Sixty fifth street depot Assembly Booms on Monday night, aad proved one of the grandest afihirs of the kind whichThe friends of the family are reapectfolry invited to at-tend the funeral, thai (Wednesday) afternoon, at two o'clockfromtheAmitystreetBaptistchurchwithoutfar- Mowreadvandtorse>atallthelaw altered. The pedtora aaid that aamaopely. Thaiwmantlbs be a monopoly when all mighttrade. But bo wanted to about the city, paytog noan mferior overthectty. Ho peddling. my tag tost tbe artl - cieaaf food,such a« vegetables, tish, meat, «c .sold by those persons, were dangerous hi tbe public health, as iiJ,Ajarttt, toBASAB Macx.ua, aged 67 years Miima-intheCayof Brooklyn, on after a abort iltaem. Najror MIUJBI, tobar aye.iotas the funeral,136 Pearl street, Brooklyn, thisaoa.attwo o'clock.McCosauwex.—On Tuesday, April 10, aged 82 yeThe friends ef her sons, John and •also bar son in law Andrew Morsn, are invited tober fnneral on Wednesday afternoon, at two 0'clock, from bar atto residence. No 16 Rivtngton areet.MCKSHHA—On Tuesday afternoon, at four o'clock, April IS, Davm I)., eldest ana of Dennis and Bridget McKenna, aged 1 year, 8 months, and 21 days.The friends and relatives of the family, and of his uncle, John Draddy, are respectfully invited to attend tbe funeral, from tbe rmmeaas or bia parents, No. 66 Jamas street, at two o'clock thai (Wednesday) afternoon.the beloved wife of John Marry, to the 66th year of her ego,Bar frtenos and flams of her brotbers, Patrick aad John Curley, are invited to attend her funeral, from her late reeidence, No. 72 Mulberry atreet. on Thursday afternoon, at two o'clock. Bar remains will be taken to Calvary CemeteryMrinterment.Nawin.—Oa Monday night. April 9, of consumption, JOHN NIBTLB, in tbe 27th year of his age.Tbe friends and acquaintances are respectfully iivlted to attend hat funeral this (Wednesday) at two o'clock. from bia tele residence, 112 East Sixteenth atreetNOSJUH—On Tuesday, April 10, after a short Illness, EmiraT J. NoaaiB, aged 20 years.His tuners! will take place at tbe residence -ofhis brother, No 234 Second street, this (Wednesday) after- noon at two o'clock. Tbo relatives and friends are request ed to attend without further invitation.Quraun.—On Monday. April 9. after a long aad painful illness, Dennis Quintan, in tbe 67th year of hat a g eThe friends of the family, of hta sons, John, Wilham and Edward, of bis son in taw, Daniel Campbell, and the members of the Catholic Library Benefit Society of the Church of the Nativity, are respectfully invited to attend hat funeral ton (Wednesday - afternoon, at tore o'clock, from hia tate residence, 180 East Seventeenth street, near Firm avenue.Rox.—On Monday, April 9, THOMAS Rot, of Dublin, Ire tend.torn)Br. Hawkaa coactoded a brief bag ra- nearly all cases the things purchased by them were of athrough tf every one who wm interested would take aa of rue news, which he elucidated active part m it That as tang as human mtelbgenosrraralatod over human ignorance, tbe wrongs of toe people meat aad will eventually be-righted.by frequent reference to aa ernolteal amp of toe northernregions, wtoenhad beam previoed Mr mat purpoae by meSociety Dr.BaymquotedtbeexperienceanduaveJaofa large number of Dutch navigators, and otaer Arctic traveiers4oshow thattherehadbeaafrequeai eatraaammademm the oaoa Peaar a m ; that the ley barrbwa bad beenbreamsthrough, aad torn thepeaflbutty at ia asvigstioahad been made perfectly dear. He traced toe courseemchhadbeenfollowedbyDr.KanetornaArcticroy- fereatparteoftbecity,anastoaccommodateall,end OfficialDrswiagaofHodges,Dartsd» -ge, and pointed oat the position in which ha had bean in boned that be would see meetings called in every ward in00 's CeaaolidauH Lottertea of Georgia.— Otaas 30L Arau. hi, IBB).64, 8, 5, 1. 74. 26, 48, 53, 60.42,19, 76. 632i. Prirmcashedat6HBroadway Circularsseatfree.• HoDukS, DAYID A CU..ijH&Bt^pm\mRoyal Havana Lottery—*oe. 98,097, S.388.6638,X>Ml.5.U36drewthefivecapitalprtteatathe Irowmg of bares 22 I860. Circulars sent free of expense by andrraarng Don Bodrurnez, oare of utty root, Gbattoatoa, a. C.Tbe Fine Collection of OH Patntlm* (over 200), in the store 194 Broadway, will be soli at auctionTbequeeiionoffundsarose and,oathesuggestion of tbe President, each member present promised to bear their portion of the expease of meeting rooms tor moettog, for advertiaing and (or whatever else might bewanted intoerortherance of toe cause.•axawana—Inti Glass, mo. 171. Aran. 18, lid,l(i,34,4»,oil.so,57.67,70,66.43,5.uae of the member? proposed calling meetings in difif the peddlers did sell at lower prices than the storm, thattheabortmeasureandinteriorarticlesthefgave aiore than made op for the dniereaee to toe price.wtuch, in h a opinion, led to the failure of that and read by Mr John Tindall, clerk of that Board. The W h i r e ' s " 8 e•» D r e e s H a t , S p r i n g Broadway, opposite at, rani'sThe friends are respectfully invited to attend his fune-ral this (Wednesday) affernoon, at the City Hospital, at O CaanucK. Ban.. President of toe Bhfhah Awell airabged aad expensive expedition. One of the tobies show a fewer number of violations of the ore laws pnnopai causes of the mortality which betel them he at-Mbut>d v> the want of fresh aaaat. It waa clear that the teat year than during any previous year The numberta*n- enpnues of fresh aaaat bad been exhausted. aad of unsafe buildings a reported as being on the increase, that,consequently,toeyhadtotallbackupontheirsaltedprovaaoaa, which m the end produced scurvy, bom and unless some action be speedily taken many * hich they meat hare perished. Up to the time that alarming accidents may be expected to take placestyle—WHTTS, tourcfa.two o'clock.SmaGra—In thai city, en Tuesday morning April. 10,EtiwaaD D. SnuGt-K. te the 68th year of bis age. ** Tbe relatives and friends of tbe family are rmpactfsfly invitedtoattendtoefuneralfrombistateresidence,No.road. Beet leaw, ci1anilis1Pave Tar use bato external a* has ever seen osed sad elavt iaat OBve Tar, wasaaas or applied, ia very beoencial for rllamri of taa taroamSold by the OBve Tar Company, 316 Broadway, aad bycity.The representatives then proceeded to ballot for theTbaraday afternoon, at 10 East Seventeenth street. TICKER —In Newark, N. J., on Monday, April 9, of eon- srimptton. CATBABTSS NICHOLS, wife of Joseph Tucker, ofelection of Fire Wardens—four to serve for three years, snd one for one year, this vacancy being caused by theBrooklyn Photography*—Incomparably above all oompettnon Is New xork or tbe conntrr.CEAS. fi. SriLLlAHdOS^ Gallery. 1S5LLadles' Drees Koaottr Trimmings, tto- setiea. unapa and BraUa m LOCK1TT, S O S A CO.'S, tolNew York, aad daughter of Elijah W. Nichols, of Newark. Tbe relatives and friends of the family are invited m attend the funeral, from ber father's residence, No. 266 Mulberry street, Newark, on Thursday afternoon, at twounder praamse of marriage, and then>hertotbecoldchantyoftieworld.BridgetalludedtotheobjecoonwhichmightbemadetoDr.hastakespraceinthaicityforsometone.Thetodiesand Cristndaro'sHsaferDye,WigaandTon-**: Broome street, aae door west of PBICE SB) COBPLBTR, GU ARABTBBD I Baaaat. A few verr men of nerve and spirit to carry out great undertak- aaatoe probahilitwa of ha betog aont to Stag Sing, amy ings. Be conciuded by invoking God's bleating on Hayeshonored by the preaenee of some of the city officials, and all tbe officers of tbe company embraced the opportunity for mangurattog a rather "good time among themselves ui the private apartments of the building. The festivities of the night having passed "as merry an a marriage bell," closed about daybreak.CHURCH Fara ra Hasina—Tbe indies of the new con gregation forming t h e Second avenue Methodist Episcopa] church in Harlem, opened a fair for the benefit of the church yesterday, to the temporary building just erected in Second avenue, between llath and Utoh streets. Tbe tair will close on Frtday evening.Fins E< Yoaxvnis.—Between eight and nine o'clock last night, a tire broke out in a frame dwelling house in Eighty fourth atreet, between Third and Fourth avenues, owned and occupied by August Teubener. The buildingaaar ha determinative.Iaat JLSD"li i iiawii AaaauTaad h a companionsDr HAWKS very humorously observed, that tbe Societyname no dbsmcttoas between leas and a t man, bat that they were willing to bear from all their learned friends, and.aaa proof of tha he begged to introduce Dr. Bethune. (Loud laughter and applause.) *"Tbe Bev. Dr. BKnrcxs than came forward amid renew ed laughter and applause, fie said that tbe orst thing be had to do was to thank the audience for their kind recep- tion, and then before eeying anything further to express cm toankfulneaa that he was not a lean man. (Laugiifr aad applause } un« of the gentlemen who had spoken—a vary lean man—had coupled leanness and hungriness to- gether—i laughter i—but surety this ought to have been generally known long ago, for everybody must remember toe eta dream tn the Scripture, where the lean sine eat apthetotones. (Loudlaughter) Thereverend doctorH a i rfu t t e r — H a i riattoeaabaiiai No.ST Frhahato atreetoa Mon aighi. for the purpoae of Battling a little dltocalty. r, who a a great toeer of the "manly art," atnpped baaatf tor the ftght, bat Ootoaa, waada any tohtg but a ded antaraiy apea aba bade el a , aan when h » adreraary raaed ibe plunged toe blade mto hn faceta arm te attlke I i]a rapid eMoaaatoai. Rooney waa rea- tare* or f e w : b j such ancxpecied Ucucaontoe part of the enemy aad gave up the battle without strikinga atogto btow. Co.aaa waa aubaequantiy arrested oa Of faaatoaaa aaaauit aad locked ap m the Four- bouse for the remainder of theof toa taaaiJohn Beoaey aad PatrickBayesasaccountofbisapparently delicateorgani gentlemenpresentnumberedaboutninehundred,yet mtton, aad if the old Boamn were there he might be all were comfortably accommodated in the spacious tempted to say, "Thai laoaa a a lean aad hungry man. rooms of the depot, which were decorated for the oocapees-taebeathitbeworld,wkslrmleandretail,aadtoodye prnivaattly applied, 6 Aator Bouse.B a t e h e l o r ' i H a i r D y * . W i g raeaary, W Bead street. PiDye applied » the sky Ugat1H I D . I n i m i t a b l eDye, ae eenta. Depot Mo. 1 Barclay atreet, aad sold by all druggaas.Beaatlxtel Complexien.—Lalrwa Lftqaid Pearl has achieved a usIuatS)' aa having no equal tor haaaa- •, tng and prtaarvag toe akin t3B Breadway.Wigs. Wlg».—Cllrenugta'* IUnatve Wigs.stand pn»-eanient lor iiulssmss keaaty aad to. too Broadway, aordwaat corner of ooade •treei, oppoaue Stewart a.speot—atorafca Sewing ~tartthattbewaaengagedtoMr*.Simpsontoraeveralanatoa, and that Joan look advantage of thaiawe*>toeOeet her nun. The praaanr. jodgmgriantou while m coart, • very maca averae to U«sthinks too much." (Laughier.) Bukjheae were the Hon in truly magnifloant atyte. The company wasThe funeral will take place on Thursday afternoon, at> prtoaner waa taken beiore Justice then went on very eloquent), and earnestly to urge the and its contents were totally destroyed. Loss about $1,000,jhtet arjund each bottle, a n d aSail Rheum Oaaraaeat, Seroiula uaumaniand Healing Oaavment, w&l euro every 1Barry's Trscwpenerwne la ttae toast cheapest artteaa tor dreaotog, Ileaatlfj lug. nlsenttna, enrtog. preserving and reatoruui the aaur. Ladies, try tt. Sold by all dni gistsOLAaw.aad SILTB* FLATS© WIEt'liiui. tl Urn ratiii Mart i Police Court and oomauttadCoruM T t a a a JOKH.—As Joan Caaey aad bia moatclaims of the society He wished to see the movement insured for $700 in the Bowery Insurance Company. TheOar mini tout I ta ••onnallad to too say of Bew Tors, aad oar eeteaa ate asaraad saw* to a rate aaa neattagsage,theformer,bywayofa joke,maleMastersona verysilencecallsformajustice sadhe trustedaadbe-Holioway s Pssla operateDowerfuily aud beneftcially upon the whole mam Of the blood. 1hey eueagthen the diejaattve oncatu excite the healthy ae iongnd watch, and then slipped nnhwlamty away froa the Yatterday Lbi iiaaai irftba eairhaaat fbanT and baa wah ttw inert, when the hater admitted his gmit, bataabi haeaJy mafc toe time piece tor a joke, aad •eared floater ion the money h e had obtained m pearnmg h. aa weB aathettefcatneccaaarytor tta redemptwa ataa- teram aaa«aflaailltog to aoaaat the money andme toefcet,butiiaaypreted at toe joke,and hadbat friendGassy arrtated accordinglyaaa aoaaead tor exasnmusnacfioa on charge of grand lar-eny.aoanun Qooaa,—Someaznori.torgadthe * Prau » an order on tbe Captain of,forthedairrery ofa tow flam ago,aad aaameded to gettingf toe attar on a m Kjeg hareofmobeen engaged in dragging Gowanus creek, below the Chair B e said be did not desire to make a speech, as H"»tT,iitj>n avenue drawbridge, with a view to the reco-W. J. F . DAILY A CO.,S I Broadway.AOON1aIT1lBBSIONBROFPDRBDSOFALLTHBSTATBB. Lawyer. Neau-y Pubhbeaad B 8. PASSPORT AOKNT-taken ap by the people of New York in a warm and inanuuous spirit He wished them to send out the warm and disinterested friend of Kane, to vindicate his nameCOXViBCB ALLfriend, John Masteraua, ware uutunating overhi aa up town saloon a few even aad silence h» enemies The dust of thedead to ItsDsarsssE ctrasn. B. BaaanasTB. M D. —tm-Sii vearaaan I waa aftoeted wtth sa attaek ef i siea,whlccwassosevere thatmylifewaatora1 leagth of tone despaired of. Wbea I iwawenad II eouic w a s daScuky eemain a tapaired of over bstag able to 1taesBSBH of v o w ascet vainable Pttta, 1 1 afktraaamwaitoltoand mysatf asaarato rasaiatad. I i iter 11bnt jusUoe to you and toamlateaaaaemtomdi betanaa. Oieaafattyjwm B.L.TDaamiaa, T a . navel 27, MSBcoarrrnaam aBnarasnrsm ensan.BawToss,April6,IBB.Da. B BBJOTBBBTH —Daaatos—In toaasrteg of 1868 I had to* ntafurteat tobreak m y dagb, to eeBer^aoaae of wteeh m y eoneatnarchsv1aadseverepatetaTheheadsad iof the heart. I waaaaaadeekby aa^eratphvetotene of tola any for three years, wttooui attaina , t+ hef,aadhadaaa-afaerlofaonra.SBsaaBrlwas btotoaates I • w^ajnaw a B r l n a nwaaaaaas aaJnaaraaM aaaaaaaaSnxlV ff^aaaarVBan aaaaa. tnamas aaa on aaaarvrf |SILL.-L eWWtonaSBt# ) V tVHaaanFdSjrl SBSf/ BnaaaaaVfa. X OOtnanaaaaa aaHBBSSABFOB1V6 LTVj".TMT?_?9.KjfT0?, ±*P TAX* l ^ j y s a a r m o v a a t o a m a m , , — ma sroMBBBOFTBMABB.•isvxi tbm the movement would meet with full support aaa every success.directly,Mr. J. A Frixse, from the auditorium, addressed thermes had accused b a n of spread eagieism when h e for- merly spoke. He. however, weald make tbe practical iimuocthatasubxr.puonberaised,whichhewouldhead withfivedoiavs.Tbe motion was carried, and subacrmtton lass banded round, when B » t a subscribed, w which Mr, GeorgeAmotionwmagreedwtoapplytoCongremfor$30,0X0 to aid of tbe expedition.that thev were placed there by eome person who aubse- than rend, suaeonau bto thanks tor betog electedan quentiy"ramped overboard or wm killed. ThepapersRUW AJRDBIBHBTJHA totter Bam Cent fltr Francs Leopold McClintock waahonorary member of tJmGeographical Society,after which thecounty,Ja., Ttoe Henryat Franklin, Pendleton county,Boa. W . T. Ararr,Tana., Bon. W. A. Bichardaon, 111.: Gov mMorrffl,Me^Baj.B-Esttmg,C. S. S Hon. o KBmflto.ofDaLir^rssr^BaBjaa.^.N-iltorL PTJ.a A..Horn&S.jtondall.Han.W.W.(Mmp- . Dand Paul Brown, ef N. T.;_t. Butler King, ofLS.Pia»hsi,ofaC.,arerttBoa. J. BtowaDaaaA-P. o**-B H Ten Dycfc, Btq,, ofaad Judge Sfjr?S?!of Bomo.N. Y T 'show that thev were once the property of one JacksonHart one «*an order dated Sacramento,Gal., August 10,i860, to R. F . Hastings « Co., bankers, directing the pay-ment of 9600 to toe order of J. Hart Another, datedSavaanah, Mo., May 1 8 , l a s s , being a promissory noteto tbe orderof William Barnes and Witoam H.Ds-garnett for $12. signed B. H. Stuart, with tbe dsaghtor of the late Dr. Maurice O Keefe Boedy, of Twen-..ofDsnreraThe Grevetoed strikers bar*^R-Ita abouttaatoneto.Cms.ta^f>otePn«adhave ramiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069suicide or been made sway with m some foul manner. Hooae, Wuiuunaoars. at the mass aad The circunustancew which gave rise to these suspicions Ue womb.was the disaovery of some women's wearing apparel,consistingof threeskirts,and papers,compnstng anac-WOLFBS PDBB COOXAC BBAMOT. IN BOXTLBS. WOLFE'S PTJBX PORT WISE, IB BOTTLBS WOLFB'S FVU.lt gHBRBT WIBk IB BOTTLES. WOLFaVB PURK MADSTBA WINS, BT BOTTLBS.AnSwaboveWteaeaadLaaaaraam teiaaetedaadbsato by the laaearibar forraatad pare aad toe baa qoaJtty. Tbe aaSaaaam Ar«natic bate^patalaeemyamtoaiBsnatomua-toYo-msimatoT"a ^-^L^SS W1>LF1TM AT WHOLBBALE, CHBAP-OKE IBLLRW 8BGABB,fromSitoSS) 1 Great Bargains to east buyere.count book, in which was a letter, a promissory note, •ter Braces, Suspensory Bandages, suk atoatte tabs receipts, k c , and a memorandum• book. These were Ease Caps, Ankleu, and ah aariioal applianeaa, 1 tyingaboutlooseonaraitontheOatsofGowanuscreek aaplledbyMaJlaHaCO..Ma.fVeeeyone morning about two weeks since, and led to the belief Mew Terk.—«fc» •,, ^a JLM ljfM-M.p eSbwR mse—iJtit •*•— aasaaasaa* ^asaaai to Vfl% -eeipt tor advance dam to Cregan Lodge, No. 54,1. O. of O. F , amounting to $19 TO, toted Sept 27. 18*9, and J. C Vem. Secretary A rnemorandum book con- Mrs, Franks," to a large, bold band,A Key to the Pass Words" of an Odd Fellows A long tetter, directed to J. Hart,and evidently by a tody, was likewise amongst the papers. It waa signed "Fanny Oauaon,'- dated Savannah, Jan. 1, 1867. The aaaasate showed aa intimacy between toetbe part of toe writer that she hadty seventh atreet, New Y orkWorcester. Mam., papers please copy.bar to school, but she ex doubts a s to bar ability to attend regularly. but go a s often as aba could. Kasrastoms of tore, x c . , requenuy repeated. Them papers aad tbe skirts w m possession of tbe Brooklyn Deputy Superin- mtofPohoa. IBsmlghrimhnad of the raft wherecarefully •earched, b a t nothing whatever h a s been gfreselueto426 Ninth avenue, corner of Thirty seventh atreet, thai)WadBiiaday) afternoon, at naif past one o clock. atesamaato, Cai., and Liverpool. England, papersespy.Braia«i.—At Bow Bochelk. oa atoaday. April 9, •rmm Bssuss, in the 66th year of bm age.The friends of the fami I y are reapecUuliy invitedtbe tuneral this (Wednesday) afternoon atDears BT ASDsLAWasa—<JLatS Bo 17k Aran. 10,1880.i6, 41. 4, 20, 26, S, 3t, 69. 30, 10, 37, 40, 73, 16.Circalais teat tr»e of coarse byWOOD, kDOf A co, Wilmington, Dataware.Read Sake Letters of lite Editor In "ILKJtS' aPlkfT OFTBSTTMS8,newout.eoatototoga fell deacripuon of Hoenan'a quartera and rauda of training.OnlyiterTulaMwntU—Dr.B.at.Bmrntm,the celebrated Phvaieian a a d filecti ictaa. o f ttoratoga Springs,and author of "ttedical Ooasaaon tosae." w B paattveiy leave•Ais cny to oeen n a eummar oftioe in Daratoga on May 1 A llwho have dlflicult chrinlc dtestam should eaU and ooneult htsaat bia winter odice. 546 Broadway. Oihce hours frjui i to 6 i*. invited to attend the funeral servicea, at two o'clock on M Conaultouoc free.Viiiton atreet, Brooalyn.OS1RS. leaBroadway"ofSinger's S*iJ r^-ir» BHUard Brooktya. Sales Playinge byLorbwood Brotta- aaadeSUk Neck Ttea aad Em i AuctionE. G ODIKKISB EXPOSED.AM ACTOBAT AM ACTOB AT AB ACTOB AT AB ACTOBATALTAA. ALTAS. ALTAS. ALTAM.Designed tar an _osereanri, vary rantd, aad aapable of every kted of iwati>et>tmmaeameeverpraaaaea.L M. BISQttat. t OfX, ato ahead way, Maw Turk,\%'taeeler ok \% llawn'aOttice606 Breadway, Mew gars.bewDagMiLLB' BOUBBOMIA. MTX1B' BOCBBOKIA.Sold byaUGood T o a , S I ttoe c taeat, a t CI 1 Cbanabera aad 216 OrStLU CatowbaaadltabeUa Wlmss 'FOB <OBBLBB8."A D atom us Drink. Forsaleincasksorbytoegallon.rBJCDK. h. COa*BN8, 73 Warren1*, Praaervs T e a r B*mrs.—aaawwrs* ShHcuioos Vermin Destroyer ta tbe very beat article extant tor the preservation of furs and woollen goods fro* moths and vermin of all kinea. B o house should oe without tt. Sold at tiw principal depot 613 Broadway, aad by all druggists evervwhere. Price * cents u> $1.0LD BOOK8 BOTJGHT. BOLD OB KZCHAM ol Freemasonr tor sate.JOBB PTl B, BMLATRD W i l l A T BABOAIBB.BiehplatedTeaBets,«pieces,forSB.eanal1 Cake HaaSee K aeea. artas If 66B e r a f t o l a . — AVadtaai Discovery, abtoUy Colluif e a rB o t n i e eo fK e n n e d y ' s; lave pamGABrixrrjBJB, CHIBA,utuei arounu eacn oouir ana a judlciiua aBjpSaaatoa of lbsTrusses ofEvery Dearrfptloa forPc•;'neai ratontion of rupture; aaihtog Traaeaa, Snpoortors, Shoul-Married. MTSK—BasKayrm—At toe American Legation, Parte,on Wednesday. March Bl. by toe Ber. Dr. aateare, Mr. .A.fusxo L. Mvam to Mas Bsixv, eldest daughter of M J Hennqum, ah of New York.SPARKS—RawDT—Tn Williamsburg. L . L , o n Monday, April9,Mr.EDWARDA.BraaxstoMissMARY Jam, thirdALL CCBABLB CHRONIC D l >y D r . l'HRLP'8 Baa snamaaaaaaa alWatoThirtoaatoiSOCCaSB»LTU.TMon»oa—Onninth atreet, Mrs. JossApril 10, a t 141 East Thirty- , of a son.antDDIBG INVITATION OM CAMP FLATS MLB at CLABK S new efaa,wmt1lowss.-On Monday evening, April fl, at %X o't Mrs. BKIDGSTBora, the beloved wife of JammTbe relatives and friends of toe family an ttalsomention*1 1:Hadtoattendthefuneral,fromhertoteto, bat promaed if bstoe body oftbe boose of h a brother, No.Untitled Document$3BBOADWAT -ABBITBD FROM37(3 JE£FW!£ Trt.www.fultonhistory.comPriee aery Slid.riLLaV BOCBBOKIA.Tables.toat-330 (formerly 218) West Twenty thirl atreet, on Thursday afternoon at three o'clock, without further notice TOHH 06BOBB, to.»o'clock, without further lcvitation.THOMPSON—In B r o o k l y n , o n T u e s d a y . A p r i l 1 0 , lkPJoan Gnoses TmnasoK, of Darlington. England, aged 40 years.Bto funeral will take place from toe house of J. D. Whittaker, No. 8 Myrtle avenue. this (Wednesdaa) af- ternoon,atoaeo'cloto.Darlington, England. papers copyWATTB.—te tan city, ea Tueedav. April 10. Affirm CLARA, beloved daughter of Edato sad Delia E Wayte, aged4years,0monthsand 14days.ther ternatton.WSHBBB.—ate Monday evening. April 9, of consumption,Bmuunrxa, oney daughter of Isaac snd Louisa Webber, agod 18 years. 5 months aad 28 days.JDear Henrietta, thou art Beneath tbe greenwood tree,And many aa eye ta weeping. And long will weep for thee.Tbe grave doth aow enfold thee Within its narrow cell;Nomorecanwebeholdthee, Dear Henrietta, tore thee well •The relatives and friends are particularly requested to attend the funeral, thai (Wednesday) afternoon, at half• nam two 0 clock, from the residence of ber parents, No. 297 Thompson street. Her rsmatos will be takes to Greenwood for interment.fas-OnTuesday,April10,JOBAXSA,wifeofPaul Wtom,to the 60th year of ber age.The funeral will take place tbia (Wednesday) afternoon. at two o'clock, from No. 121 Columbia street.WIGBBT S u d d e n l y , i n B r o o k l y n , o n T u e s d a y a f t e r - noon, April 10, after a short illness, Ai±-, wife of Arthur Wigert, aged 38 yearsThe friends and relatives are respectfully invited to at- tend the funeral, on Thursday afternoon, at two o'clock, from the resMenoe of ber husband. 49 Bond street, near State street, Brooklyn.WOLFS.—<toTuesday,April10.MASTJIBS,daughterof John and Amelia Wolfe, aged 6 months and 10 daysPBICZ Sto-CAN BB PAID FOR BT two o'clock, from tbe residence of her parents, 184>^ menta, Buieka Sewiug ~ fullj 1Bowery. Friends and acquaintances are respecifiUly re- quested to attend.WRIGHT.—On Tuesday morning, April 10, HSBST Q WBIUHT, son of toe tate Darius Wright, aged 49 years and 6 months.The relatives and friends of tbe family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from the residence of hat mother in law, 12 Harrison atreet, on Thursday afternoon, at two oxiock- The remains will be taken to Greenwood.New Orleans papers please copy.A BAVXHOOFTWaBTT PBB, GBUT ta all was wantekuly which a sour, followed, tf of full Iperhaps daariusa. B e not te Cof a tew daya if vou take toe toikrwteg advtea Saiare tnaabad, swallow from five to eight ef tosPffla If, te tax or aaght hoara, yoa are am oaaaaor a n more puta. to toe nest twenty tear heass moresaoold b e taken, a a d . if desaasa sasssBtaasat aaaaaaaa place, a wnaller dose the dard day. Taa ample plan-of uwea- ment k sore to ears. A pieee of AUencfc s Paroea Badteaasd Plaster m a y b e very ad vantaeeouavy applied to toa threat, a a bote atdea. or Braaarattre T liliaH, or say ithsr sals, wsaan- ins appi eanoa. Good nnretaa; afcooid be eeeuradBraadreto's PSta a r e haahry Bvned by all w h o batons and aver swapIsa is djrapaaeas aaafaeaa, dlaitosaa ef toa eyes..aaea a e a raaafly aperteat saeototosblood, toey are eaaiii paaaed^aad tn all sadeea a tostitatotoarrtateresttemaketheirps Uvea.Kl Broadway, APTJMB HOLLAMB WB, IB BOTTLBS.ofIiiANETSB FALLTBG FBBUTB.IK DTBPRPSIA, BBBTOTJ8LOSS OF APPETITB A N D OBMBBAL PBOaTTBATIOB. Can be toaad amnartal af .BBTABT'8 UBBIVALLMB STOMACH BITTBBS. PitosSlaeraasBa, _„,Foraaleeverywhere, impetBo.aSomthWullaami Bew lark,T\B SBTBSa 8 1BFALLLBLB Lrarawjre HAS BXTBDBBTLTTr_ , _PWaiters $15. uaaal S. C. ALLBM, 4U PKRBTS JAP.^.^BOOT Soto everywhere.1 to uaual prtoa S t $S«. boner "189 Broadway.tAB ACTOBATAB ACTOM.AT TBS ALTAR A B ACTOB A T T H B AL T AR- AB ACTOR AT TBK ALTAR. AN ACTOR AT THB ALTAB. AN ACTOBAT THB ALTSR. AN ACTOB A T TBM ALTAR. AB AiTOR AT THB ALTAB,tsaa,.T P A TPBICE 660 BTJBBKA 8BWTMO MACHIBBB -BORT- *Hrad_to K barteg fulliOtom *& Broadway,SWBLLING OF THB TOBBILS-THIS rMMTAMUMtoaffeeesa, seeraspaetad wtth 1•trrtesaf 'A B D BBOB J AP ANIPOLISH.ALTAM.MILLS" BOr/BBOBlA.4*J  