 af* riveraf the tnr of' BBip'B be A*ev proud-l i flie, UtolividitoLley IBttrattoa ttoeea- P» by atoi ad to dar af Uto tittle toeudatun efidllockUto t a -irei aside ofaaetottayLeaattrnibnut-• by t a « a by thetgsbu> igab•; "arfetad eto wereiedupl»a t a a a t aa heartyumberaf weal byfont they i Gauntof iron, like UM masts, are much lighter than if made Uto vessel. The forecastle to HO feet tang sad eight feet of wend. The mamyardto 130 fort to length. The top- high. If any emergency should arise, such as the out sail yards are double, so as toaiknr of UM mils being break in India or the war in the Crimea, the Great East reefed without leaving UMdeck. There is no bowsprit, era could transport for the Brtttoh government a small and consequently no jib. A fore staysail to net oa the•STEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, JUNE 29, I860.- TRIPLE SHSST.5fjE .waitingof the evertoad mail line, idivideadaUtoypBM,iaveraetoadesireondelay oa a long voyage from machinery becoming dcBreadth across tee paddle boxes120 feet , £ ? * !•sjlt i»ttU«nlk»kylU>afjteathereartliraauxiliaryhighpressure nngtnmafB»Sof tee rimiIUBSS •mambelow.Cmcaabeforme largesteamer builtgrvlBg me «**ta:l8 m to UM aaode of proceediM. « « •ofte* groundattemptsUMcircle, to* UMBM. r i w i trm aad pwawmad thewd«ty a a courteous aad geed hiaaral — wr , heviag* tha SBBBBJS #wsmBV*Btotarkf to char** UMJapanem Enihamy ratial UMatoto tort rrea.ag, aad the Japan*in Ambassadors, U n t o , *1Q vato bar to-day (Pride*), previous W theirWhea oar reporter toft UMaa~p last evening Uto crowd seal M l dimiawhed.t .it vera gartag at UM treatyad mamive, oi the br.ght moonlight, aad doom •trait ta ta* •eigbborheod of the pier, Uto cry w eearnshe?te* voyage. BMI4C* tee -toiayi arauanil by having to evgiaea with makeknftlfc-Bed dehorstoreachUMcoaideyo-a,andtheUMBarmriver,tee ,fin win. Oxoa board md^mwvwredteje-^to r. -~—~. -..- . mmmiLxm^a i« oute tba oc-:ar.-./Bto aatxteauoe of her departcr* from England on ah* nounced ia a report to UM shareholders that provisional KA last., wfc.ch v a t duly —•«•—cert, aad tod oa to arrangements had been concluded for UM construction ifmasts, except the after or jigger mart, a of ~.% inch wire her entire bulk—her capacity being 18.975 tons, or about rope. A t UM base of each of tba area mast* a fixed a 22,500 tons builders' meaattremeat. If this marine mon-sterwereplantederectonteeleadshewouldrisetoa height teat would throw Trinity church into UMshade,expectherenUMMthorlt*htoat,teapebltshedafeweayaagAaaaeeeaat in detail ef ail aaetoan afpertomjBg to Uto ahip her tores, atea,aad oaeetruction aeil a htotoif ef her career trees her The vemel w m to carry, besatos coal for the ire*, -eacept. JD to the day of her aaUiag, iac'adiag hertraUu-ipa aad Ute Tarioua TKiMitauea ihruugh haaaaeead. Otrtoctoidid BMtake ptoee at theaa oar totereauac account thee fell preawtarely npon Uw Debiic atteetioit, we give to-day a aynoeaai ef all that aee hegatofere bee* puhltohed, ao thateoae oaa « ^ r ^ i " of a tochef hotoricalisfbretoUoauponathemewhich,toUto coeree er toa hee-e, frfll be apea every toegae.• d which the old countries iare now beatotong tardily to recognise. Oartttrr-.-i-.ed •Ueniic end Feciie line* of mail eteaaan follydeaamatrate the ability of Itoariraai to take the tretrank in inch enterpriaea, and it a only Iron Uto Cast thatoar iianai 111*1 exifeoclea d o n o t aa y e t require largeneet* af ocean ateaawr* that w e amy appear now to oc- necessary thai a vemel of near this tonnage should b eacross her paddle box« about 40 feet wider still, at that part measuring 120 feet. Her immense size can scarcely be realized by any description, however minute, but when onr people traverse her wide halls and stairways, get lost among her innumerable apartments, wind theirship twenty five feet nearer to the river.operations next d a y , UM vessel suddenlyinches torward sad' nine inches aft, and then h-came im-movably nxed. Efforts were redoubled to overcome h> robstinacy, bnt one of tee hydraulic rams barst, and theattempt bad to be suspended. Five more rams being ob- day, June-14.Ta* arrtral of the Great aeetora to Aaaarteaa water*,UMMffb aomewhat later than we* anticipated, will not. w ebe;,.3*e, excite tees toterett aad eeneiderattoa than eh* of Good Hope, in thirty to thirty-three days, unpartantprtoeiptoaiaroiredinhercoaatrectioedemand. andfromEnglandtoPortPhillip,inAustralia, Ha* idly •peeoataiag, If we hare not already attained, Uto in thirty-three to thirty-elx days. The whole of petittaa of the a n t merit:me people to the world, we ranaerer be muihfereat to program to UM direction of toc-li-tatmf Oceania mtercnx: mantotohto t o ear *a\ato totha tireetion we owe much of the Saflnenoe which wetained, the attempt to launch was r continued, and somelittle progress WM made. The next day thirty one feetwm gamed by little slips of eight and ten inches at atimeaadteevemelbroughtsoneartoteeriverthatathighwat.rfourfeetofherkeelwasimmersed.Here, ofthisgentlemanwillbefreshtoahaamatoryofon* however, she WM destined to remain for three weeks. readers. To succeed him in the ramaniible ami kaaeve- Having reached a reduced gradient in the ways, aad tec ble pmitioa ef eemmanisr ef tee largest ship ta tht iron launching surfaces having become rusted, the fric- world, Captain John Tlae Rail WM chosen from ation to be overcome WM BO great that no power it the number of candidates. Captain Hall hat had maty j possession of Mr. Brunei could induce the slightest move- experience m the command of first classment in tbe impracticable monster, which now appeared runningbetweenEnglandandIndia,antralto,metap* to laugh man's puny efforts to scorn. An increased num- of Good Hops and South America. When ta romraanfl ber of hydraulic rams bad to be obtained, and by the 2d of the Croesus, of 2,700 teas, on her first voy- of January, 18M, twenty-one of these powerful engines age to Sydney, the ahip became so leaky as to were placed in position, including a monster weighing preclude tee possibility of returning to EngtanJ without thirty-eight tons, which had been employed to raise tee repairs, ao docks tetog then in existence ta Sydney. Britannia Bridge. With these appliances success wasat last Captain Hall invented and snaceasfaDy applied a mom* *t attained. After unremitting exertions the Great Eastern repair which eaabfed him to bring the vessel safely hams.cupy n •ecoedary peaiaien to Unto ef BagJand in UeV re- •pett. To ttoerwaa* andoabtedly betoag* the honor of having tolved t h e problem o f ocean nteam narhjatioo. The tittt* Saeenaah, o f SM toes, left UM city after which aheeeeanmedonUtoSah efMay, Ml*,aadmadeUmran over to Liverpool, to twenty-two day*. Per fourteen East rn, this principle involve* building two ships,oneand two stern anchors of six tens each: All these are Trotmans patent anchors, which are found very superior in their holding power to the old style of anchor. There are 800 fathoms of chain cable to UM lockers, weighingThe novelty ef thto aasthed (xettod the admiration, of Mr. Brunei, who wished to aomtoato him aa aaaoctats of tht Society of Civil atagjneers, and elicited tee special iof the directors of tbe company to whom tee *hto1ed. Some time after the Croesus was aastrsyadby near*Genoa, while conveying troop* Far that and good miaagrmsnt dtoptayed b y Captain Haiti occMion he received a letter a f thanks from t h eany* of that Um* ate WM ander eteam alone, aad her per- rormaac* then natiafactot U r fettled UM aeaaiion whether it we* piaW*atiai for steam re—aa to crora UM AttestB.ft J a matter of airpriae ahrnt an experiment so snccesB- fai a* tha aheeid hare eanttad an littto attoatten, aad that n aboaid not ha-re bean laaednuely toilowed r; by further cflbrt So littte tetorent, however, awma toameter, aad weighs 73 lb*. To them mart be added smaller chain and hemp cables, which, with warps, cap- stans, ex., bring op Uto weight of the ship's groond tackle to something like 250 tea*,Having given a general idea of the huge proportions of the vemel, we will now proceed to speak af the details. The Great Eastern to, as we have said, tew fort tang be- tween uprights a a d about TOO over all. Her breadth i s SI fort foam bulwark to bulwark, aad from the outerTHE FIBST TBXAL TRIPto Portland. It required much careful management and Admiralty. Ob bis return ba wat sppemted superJformed to ran saaat lima to theWest Indiw, and, by iroa, dividing tha part of the vemel intofeetwide,twelve fort high, andsixty and twenty-four the upper deck and tbe lower part of tee hull feet in length, respectively. The smaller of these to the up to about thirty feet from her keel Is construe 1•»*»* *•*•**eatpicj*g\L*.rcap'teinegwm i m livery teas if UM*T«JMJ *—«*--* —- -tt« CUTMI ote. The «*e*w»* tn** running to Indiaa . afigtbortcod,aad-Ta"aKaiite aatp tor wham they ~ZZ "r? *"»* * *rwt«ifwdta•«kitern*ortearusae*(tartej oatey eawtaeatosupply 'a*Urgeboilersofthepaddle willbeabedoathevastareaofttwdent,from athe Great Eastern return* t evprmjmj thankstomycorrespondent,Mr.BcXandto tag been determined tetieagtutoChannel. er into•penta gettingthefadJOboard,ta*greataestomg <Kt t u m i from Ea«ia&d end storing la UM cast *r.n**w tut above, l i o a to*. Tha pnn-rax raaaxia. ThepaddtowtMetoareMfeetiad;ata a a tM ainserdnary speed ef the great ship, underer141miles it fellows that UMwad'mastbebtowtogprettystronglybeta*anyvary decidediacrhaaetospeedcanbeobtainedbytheaidaf of her space woatd be resjairedfortoastowageof mils. Wind when travelling from 80 to 34 mites an hourmerits or defeats, as a piece of naval architecture, Mr. Scott Buaaefl holds himself responsible, having construct ed her en what be terms his wave line principle. This is a form of bow sad ma, which he found from experiment todisplacethewatermfrontofthevemelwithUMtoast effortandtooaferUMleastraatotancetoitstranquilsub- sidencetoteteafurrowformedbyheronwardmovement.BWEKSIONS OF TBI GBBAT EASTERN.Our readers are aware that, with regard to sine, the Great Fastento nartvalled,being, in fart, the largest ves-sel in tbe world, but as that phrase to rather indefinite, and eonvays dattrent ideas to different persons, accord tog to Ute standard by which they judge comparative slaw, we may mentisa a few facts that wiU tend to equalisefrom thi* innovation. Hydraulic rams were used to start tha bag* mam, sad chain cables aad drams to check her when tt became necessary. Varytotoi h amwtaf • feet to toagm. by three feet ia width.tta* greater tprnd (wits IMB fael ia proportion) «t -rem the engine* by swans oflrietioB strap*, should » hanging eight. What a strange appearance it most pre- period of lewertag the vessel tote th e water. The Ame- quavmetas af the ntaardef Trad* rotated ehi«fiy to attaorh* obtained 1 a tarae amp shea to a tallyeaateitshed aaboth tote ef ateaitoatw by.rcMJto of tea yearsI a*a vessel m a built tag* «aato vert thato twenty fonr foetus thirty s.x tens, ft hasa targe bom on theto 14 foot tang aad weighs t t tone Tate la sections, UM longest ef The msilslii to averaging f t tost in lengthrican plan WM lo have tw o framed sortoma ef wood. This,with an Btobaattoa ef theway*afoaeto twelve, it was known from tang espartos*details, not in the slightest degree mpagning the general prtoctotoeoawhtoh tbaship hadbeanesuatruetod By tor the largest part of tba work dmw lam bemsacaau-ra ttoos, undertaken on the responsibility of the comuaay, a* her abort trips to am had aaagaatad. The a .as:sad modification*were allsalum* to ate pmton val\«a.b* which tt* steam to the ptotms to am at 1 to LBBB| i meatfreely sad to COBlama more -ompletely, aad thefitttag<*t injectors to tee pit sit saglaea, by •of thaiThe Great Eastern wm advertwed to mil for Mew Tat* otthe9thofJune,batitwmthought 4mwebto,ta< totartthemacctoeryafter the alteration*,she should be cried ewaa thathe size of UM vemel,BtoteriaUylightened. Theadvantage inrespectexperienced ta giving thethatstated—Ifasteamerof l^atowaswaalasauredtaBteaaadistanceofito)mtka,imvmg only 100 for cargo and prevnwma. If, bow-a vmasl ef »,«*? went UM same distance, she woaU require only 2,#oo km* o f her spam to be taken up with coals, marina «Jm> tone free for cargo and provia ssnch higher rate of speed. 9nch , coming from m m occupying Uto highest position in UMengineering world, induced share- holders to come forward to carry out UMscheme of thecompany on ito new basis.is btowtog what a sailor would call a close reefed topmi breeas. ft would require soch a wind as this to give amy ad.iititusai speed to toe Great Eastern from the use of can- v»m beta* tato its use will be confined principally to steadying UMahip and keeping nor in geed steering trim. For this purpose six masts are provided. Three of these are made of iroa plates, rivetted like a steam boiler. The others are of weed. Their heights vary between 130 and 1T0 fort from' keel to tracks. The diameter uf the larger masts is three feet six inches, sad of the smaller ones twofeetnine tones. Bachmasttotwelve hoars* ran. so a* to obviatewhtoh might otherwise sewr on the Attawtic. may «f tee ship ta Sua^kampton wai -r barvery foal It was mtmtotod by < •amaam BWa atom« at? la spaed af two knot* an hour. L'nfortnaataty a oDaring tht)cabins for first ctass passengers, besldes.ample apace for troops aad lower cams passengers. H er designers onlcu- hued thiathe great length of the ship would enable her tojigger, is entirely of wand, and fitted with hemp rigging. The reason for tktoto the tost that it carries, (est below the crosstrem. UM standard compass of the ship, and theOn renewing gVpped fivepees throughteen knots an hour, with a smaller power in proportion to her tonnage than ordinary v.-saelB required to make only tee knots. WKh tb> speed, as no stoppages would take ptoee to coal, they confidently relied on being able to make the voyage from England t o India, via U se Capethe water at aveloci t v from tour teen to fif-the ship's bottom, and up as far as six feet above thewater Una, w m to be doubled and o f a cellular construc-tion, so that no external injury would effect her safety.The upper deck wm to be strengthened on Uto sameprinciple, so a s to make t h e ship's hull similar in con-struction ta the Britannia bridge. The calculations ofBrunei had convinced him that a steamer for the purposeproposed should have pretty nearly oae toa capacity forevery mile she had to travel. A s UM journey to and answer every purpose of more extended head mil.from Australia was nearly 24,000 miles, it waa of coursemcBOaS AMD CAHJB.The big ship carries fonr best bower anchors, weighing avoidable. If successful as a financial speculation, she seven tons each, t w o smaller anchors, a j j tens each, win prod ace a complete revolution i a UM commercialbuilt.The idea of combining the screw aad UM paddle as ameans of propulsion, as well as UM application of a tubu-lar principle to the construction of UMgreat ship, origina-ted with this eminent engineer. Aa applied to UM Great Batons. Each link a formed of a on three niches in di-,that when the Great Western performed Jary BhonM occur to Uto outer skin, the only 1, few peraont on either Bide of UM part which could be filled with water would were conacione the* t h e font h a d been effoeted be t h e spaee between t w o o f these longitudi-fording ample accommodation for crew and full comple- ment of passengers.height of the hall to 60 feet, while a warn around her deck to equal ta length to a quarter of a mfle. She is,in fact, an immense flatting city, capable of carrying ten thou-Atlanticaenrly twenty yean before. From tha first totp ef the nal compartments or webs. Below Um lower deck, theSALOONS A S S CABINS.For the accommodation of UMnumerous, pseaaagat the sand souls. The hullto divided tato tea compartments ofmained for the night. The next morning s h e g o t under weigh, having still she assistance of some Steam tags, andHall having, some timeshortest tup from Calcutta te Engtaad. Ma m peculiarly fitted for tba poattton ha aawr eccnptoa; far totsteamships, he to a geed stssm engmeer. Be wot tag first English sbtoaiMliir w h o passed the voluntary stoastGreat Western may he dated the growth of the anhtoship is divided tote twelve watertight compartments byship can carry, 310 feet of her length amidships have60 fort each, which are perfectly water tight—so teatproceededwere cast off and Ute Great Emtern left to her own re- sources. }',verywhere, aa she passed along, the greatesteaatoMtoamwastwenty seven revolution.-, a n d t h ettons a minute, «be thip ran from the lower Hopelight to the Nore, a distance of fifteenbeen devoted to saloons and sleeping cabins, for first,wHb a regeinrtty that enable! eomtoercial a « a to cnlca- sneb compartments. IT, therefore, from any contingency second and third class. Contrary to the usual pracuct case of accident as it is possible to make her. Insddit'ontoetoofsai]steamers which now traverse every sea,transverse balkheads, aad above me lower deck into aine•vary precaution to token to render tba vernal as safe uin such cases, the first ehws saloons and cabins ex**** UMvices from UM mast dtotant parto af the ptohe. Ores* partment would fill with water. It to believed that two tortbeat forward, occupying UM centre of Uto ship. The St to be liuimttTj water tight, she has two longitu'i i»l'•ate, wMhia twenty- fonr heam, oa the reception of ad-both inner and outer sktos were pierced, only oaa com-»• She simtTsta compartments, which are constructed aonjantfeated.Witht h epaatatos ssaa>Tevora-second aad third ctom aaloosa are abaft aad below theotters. The largest saloon is about one hundred fort ia traverses «eariy 3*0 feet of tec length of Uto snip.of ocean steam navigation. Companies were tmmedtoteiy the ship to the- upper deck, are two walls of Forward ef this are two smaller saloons each twenty-five could increase her strength. Thus we find thatBe holds an extraBritain,whose coiontol soaBaaaton* BaaeaUtote otture of large saams for freqaentand prompt vice, tost no Um* to aTailtog herself of the faHwalls of iron. •*<* «f whim to as fort apart, andwar ef Spato. Portugal and Gibraltar, to the Hedfterra three longitodmai tompart iwato. To connect these withaaaa. The soccea* of those pioneer Unas was marked and the gunwale, and to act as transverse braces, are two tu- todies' cabin. On the first clam saloons, able men have en the tee circular form, a system which, while tt givesdeeiiise.r a x OBJCM o r ras GBSAI. XAATKBM.exhausted the resources of decorative art. The Bleeping cat ins are on a par with the other dimensions of this no- ble vessel, being fourteen feet long, thirteen feet wide, and seven to eight feet in beighth. They are very per- fectly ventilated by louver boards, port holm and perfo- mted metal registers,sad as well lighted as moat apart- ments. When entirely fitted up, there will be six more saloons,withtheirannexedBleepingcabins,forthe second aad third ctass passengers. Them wffl be tan luxuriously fitted up. but in all the essential requisitesgreater buoyancy to Ute hall, teeremes its strength enor-mously, enabling it to resist almost any aaiouut of out-bular iron platforms, running from Mem to stern. Theseare In torn bridged at distances of sixty feet by smaller ?t>'u!lyandewtandthecnaawwhichtedtotheeon- ironplatforms,sevenfeetinwidth Thebowisstrongly r .Ktoaaf theGrem aaatera. tt wffl ba neammry to m y plated and braced » as to provide agaiast such an acci- t Tew wesda m to the origin and progress ef one of dent as encountering an Iceberg. Every deck is platedt <*e companies. The Peninsular and Oriental beneath Um planking for a distance ef sixty feet, la Uto . . a m Navigation Oompany took ito rim from a stern additional iron stages and perpendicular strengthen-wardpressure. Thesamecellularsystemhasbeenap- liilingtheintentionofherdesigners. SheWMintended plied to the construction ot the entire hull. Thereare, to work with a pressure of twenty-five pounds of steam,ta fact, two balls, one of which to placed within tee with tbe paddles making fou'teen revolutions and teetrr^ owning tw o or three small steamers,wbM-b earned UMmails once a month to Lisbon, callingasVigoaadOpmaiasream. PromUMimpulsegivento screwshaft. Thispreventsanysensationofmovement' of sine, tight aad ventilation they am little, square. Asthesewebsapproachthebottom thein-steamnavigationin1*»,thaIntowas-porcbaaedbya whilethevemelisunderway,aadthuscatsoffagreatif any, inferior to those mentioned. There is accommodation for 800firstclam, 1,200second clam, and 2,000 third clam passengers, of a far higher or- der than has ever before been afforded by any vessel in the world.thoaadria tor transit to Sues, aad carried them agatesquare y—e»«r canvass, which latter ia the wind likeLength on the upper deck..i—. m«°feet •nateaccidentwhichhasdonesomuchtodestroyteepres- havetoperform. siee*400feet tigeofteeundertaking. Inoppositiontoteeexperience Mr.TtmaasBold,teeableandindefatigablerommrrral13ft.8in aflbrdedbytheCollinsanddinardlines,afeedpipecasing manager, wasemmwtad with tee companymhtaearreo had beea constructed around the lower ends of the funnels history M a director. Oa hto retirement, Md tee forma- 12 feet5 o f a e ^ m d a m e n g i n e s , c a p a b l e o f c o n t a i n i n g e i g h t o r t e n t i o n o f a n e w B o a r d , b e WM u n a n i m o u s l y r e q u e s t e d b y 70 feet tons of water. The cold water feed pipe of one of these that body to take charge of the interests of the COBtarsafpart of oapitalaas tolpany was samed. The object which they proposedlect waa to eatoblieh a second rme of steam commual- %n,bytatmamailroam,forconvrjtnf.amiMBadThickness of iron plates in keel Thicknessofinner.andouterskins Bulkheads MIrondeck. '.ryeapttalma• h waa io limit the rmwonsibUity of aharehnMerit toA rartlaasmtory committee,Portland WMreached wtthoat farther accident, sad s rate of speed attained which WM deemed quite satisfac- Tonnage ..22.900 tins.- tory by those who were interested. Here the vemel re->toavailUtoamatfaaef By of retiring from "Wattre*.ssesaedief taking in at once coalmen Bsatoad *"*i Ta In aad back bea nepatoaaaat ifkjsho-LACNCtUNGBtt will be rraantthrrrd Jhm tba great shiptog webs have been provided, so m to offer a sulticieat re- aatance lo UMdislocating effects of the vibrations of theIt may be as well here to correct a very false impres- sion, received on bote sides of the Atlantic, as to thetook charge of a targe English coasting steamer, bis knowledge of his profession WM matured byUtoarduousaatareoftheserviceheWMengagedin. FromOtavernalbaWMappelatedChief Engineerefttogby the screw. Daring the Seven years that be reaniaed teal position teat fine vemel performed somamar sable voyages in tbe history of SUMto not, therefore, extraordinary that b ecome so much attached to bar teat, to oae his ihe would only have left her to take charge of tecBantam Mr.Bruneibadtbe highest confidenceinMr. Maclfram's ability, sad tt WM, we believe, on tee re- mammaaattoa of teat eminent engineer teat be was ap- pointed to the beg shipMr. Maehta, tea ahtof •sheer, baa bsm«B«BBjadforaaBrf years to steamers, ea the Baa foam Baas to Byastoy B t has also sailed between Liverpool sad New Tart to shift)to the Gantwl Screw btartoattoa < , tbe second officer, tocompany,andiaserviceextendedtoUMMediterranean,w ita taflcieat regutkrUy, bnt at a iow rate of speed. Sooaafterwards Lieutenant Waghorne demonstrated the ad-vantage of forwardtog the Indton mail ovorland frum A l-exandria to Baea, aad thsana down the ICed sea. For atan* the mail was earned Utroeah Earape by the GormanrailwaystoTrwBto,sadconveyedUamcetoilexandrtoby steamersbelongingtoUMAaatrtonHoyJaCompany.Aafeetnineinchesinwidth,andweigh800to000pounds.idmofherfr"ff«»*i**aimasthemaindeck.Toncannotreachingteepassengers,andUtevibrationsfrombeingat soonmUKFrenchrailway'.iaetoMarmilkswasfinished, Forthesternpostandkeel several largeplateswerere- castyoureyesalongthatImmenseextent,stretchingaway allfenbythem. Oneachaide aftecenginerooantisa the FiiiHBtoiar aad Oriental Company made a contract to quired, two of which were twenty seven feet in length almost seven hundred fort—one-eighth of a mile—without tunnel through which the steam and water pipm will be convey Uto overland sail from lagaad to Malta. Under by three feet three inches tnfwidth, weighing two tons becoming conscious of her magnitude aad vast propor- carried, and also rails for economizing tabor in the con- thisooaaraatwithUMavittohgoevrnaaentUMheavyper-each.Othersweretwenty-livefootbyfonrfeet,andon*andtions.Ittoamagnificentpromenade,unbrokenbypoopveyanceofcoal.sourceofannoyancetopassengers,iatheordinaryscrew propelled vessels.The peculiar principle adopted in the construction of this vessel has been found, from long and carefully con- ducted experiments, to give the maximum of strength with the minimum of weight of material. The von piatee formingthehnUaverageabouttonfeetinlengthbytwoTHI DICK OF TBI GBEAT IA3TEBN. Sopartoftheshipissowelicalculatedtogiveacorrecttarn M UMmail was seat by steamer taroegh the got of a quarter inches thick, weighing two tone and a quarter or -house on deck,'' free from all obstructions, open to Gibraltar The more important matter w m forwarded each. The thickness of the keel plates a one inch, aud every wind that blows, smooth as a grassy lawn, level aaDIMENSIONS AND CAPACTTT IK TAK7LAB FORM. The principal dimensions, calibre of tee machinery and general accommodation of uto truly colossal specimen ofteveral days later, through France to Marseilles, and thai of the plates forming the inner and outer skin ? three ticked jq> by Uto vassal on her antral. From Malta, quarters of an tech.neaeu belonging to UMgovernment carried the bags toa race course, breezy as a hill side, and more secure fromdust than a lady's drawing room. Six masts, straight genius, enterprise aadindustry, are as follows:—theirringed, that the bM ship should he supplied with three ofUMcompany. Newandmils. ShouldoneofUteangineefail,theother,incon-arrivalt ocomplete A heplaced UMsmoke stacks, and these, by giving a basis for distinctmeansofpropulsion—thepaddle,thescrewand comparisons,impartadennitenemtoearfirstvagueim- l£B£faofforeca*tle,i government gave a greatpressions of illimitable size, which to more satisfactory to themind,althoughitmaybetornagreeabletotheimagi- nation. Thewidthofthedecktoeighty-fourfeet—wider, as we have said, than the main artery of oar city. The c a p t a i n , s t a n d i n g a m i d s h i p s , w i l l b e o b l i g e d t o u s e a t e l e -Hetrm or tui m.aaile Totallengthofprincipalsaloons,. HeightofsaloonsonlowerdeckNumber of saloons •••....•..«•«•..«••.••«...,• Height of saloons on upper deckbuilt,aad Uwgreatlym- withladm, oiiiamanent on the o v e r t o a d , m a d e U w P e n m a n a rjunctionwithUMmils,will enablethe GreatEastern to make tolerably rapid progress on her course. The pad- d l e e n g i n e s , w h t o h w e r e d e s i g n e d a n d b u i l t b y M r . S c o t tN u m b e r o f s a l o o n sof English steamship Bussell, are oscillating, of 1,000 nominal horse power, scope to see what to going on at the bow and stern, and Length of upper saloonsi 1M1 the prospectus of Uto Eastern Steam Navigation other three. Combined, these four engines wiff work upcommunicated with lightning speed to every part of tha vessel,whilesemaphorearmsbydayand"colored lamps bynightareusedtosignalhisdirectionstotheofficers.The deck Is double or celtntar made, after the plan of Ute Britannia tubular bridge, and to formed af two half-Inch plates at the bottom, aad two hair-inch ptotes at Uie top, between which are webs running the wholelengthefteeship. IthasbeenaoplannedasWidth of space between the two skins of ship..2 ft. 10 in. fitting* of tee main saloon were nearly destroyed fromtheeffectsofteeexplosion,batnotUtoslightest injury wmdonetotheship,thusaffordingatolerablygoodproof ofthegreatstrengthofherconstruction.maineduntilthefeedpipecasingswereremoved,aadthaGap*. HaB. the whole weight aad responsibility of con- ductingoperationdevolvedapeahim Hecanfairlya\* claim tohaving badmoretodotoconnectionwiththt gramahipsinceherlaunchthananyoneatoebclongxg to her.witt four cylinders Id inches in diameter, length of stroke 14 tost..,. They are calculated to work up to fifteen reroiu- ticaaf«r minute. Each cylinder, with its accompanying air pomp, condenser and crank, forms a separate engine,Length of lower saloonsNumber of decksNumber of mala traverse buttheads or water-tight compartBaente Do. partial60 feet circular tanks being shut instead of opened cirsntation M resident superintendent s a d manager Feaiiagand any one may be immediately disconnected from the tee captain's cabin, by means of which Uto orders aredistance of 35 feet apartfor a length of 350 feet 7 of steam into the stoke hole, and the beaut.ful death of Capt. Barrtooa, and until the appointment ofto3.000horsespower,whenmaking 11strokes permi- ante,with %pressure ofsteam of15lbs.tothesquare lach,andcuttingoffatone-thirdthelengthoftheWith tSfos. of steam, wtthoat expansion, and eight strokes per minute, their indicated horse1 inch. '-,'inch. Xinch. »....\ inch. Plates of iron used in tee construction of the hull 30.000 Number of rivets ased in fastening Ute plates.... 3.000,000Uw af power approach** 5,000.Oar K e y West The WmtmT—ftwflam. June21,led©Thesame indicated powes-toobtainedwhen makingKIT Wari>"l*(lato8tl'si tvtI F — ' tatJBBBIBSSBSBSMstitftrBsafhasaalW i n t r lin4ia*aa#^BBtsivA>T» nuGorvo.BcnnnsaorTHEamursnr.Ia August, IBM,UMdesign aad proportions o* the stepped in a square iron well, extending from the fortunatecaneasilyestimateUMBiseoftbeGreatEastern,Great Easksa wars decided oa by Mr. Brunei, who had bed to the upper deck. Thai well is riveted to each deck when we tell teem that sheto more man twice as long— beea. appointed mgrnaar to the company It waa an- a* It Banana upward. The stand tog rigging of all UM wwasni lug 860 fort and more than four times larger inaairoavemel,WOfeetinlengthbetrem perpendiculars, at foto to breadth and M feet in depth, with screw and engines of a combined power of 2,600 borset.powerfulscrewapparatusforcompressingUtoslamwaato altow the marts to go overboard should it ever becomenecessary to resort to such a proceeding. To facilitate sad make her hide her diminished head. In fact, threedirections, and tee piling, against rams eisrtod their force, yielded. budged an inch.which the byd.aulic The vemel Itself neverthis object, the eads of Uto shrouds ami rigging areTrinity cburetaa placed on top of each other would not tower very high above this modern Leviathan of the deep.round voyage to India or Australia aad back,6,000 tons measurement of merchandise, aad to have 300 opened and the rigging disconnected. The aftermost, or Sheto wider then Broadway, being 83feet in breadth, sadHaving largely increased his powerful launching tackle, Mr. Brunei succeeded on Ute third trial in impelling teeintertogs in the ships side. These rings can beaifcct its accuracy. Being fitted with so many matte, f way through the five distinct hotels for tbe aoeommoda-wm necessary to adopt a new nomenclature, to disUn- goiah them. This is effected to Uto following way.—Begin- ning forward, the first matt to called the fore-jigger; tha second, the ft rsmart; tha third, the mainmast; the fourth theafter-mtmmsrt;thafifth,thethe jigger mast. Tha fore,tion of passengers, they will begin to form a more correct estimate of this wonderful vessel. These hotels consist ef upper aad lower stories, divided into saloons, bed- rooms, bar aad ofitoa, the upper saloon being 70, and the toweroa*Mfortlong.Thevemeltodesignedtoaccom- modate 4,000 passengers—800 first clam, 2,008 secondTBI OFFKEB9 « T Tttt SB3T. ItwfflbewaaembtiredtertsomettawbefbrateeaariicBmasts are square rigged, the others carry only fore clam and 1,200 third clam. The engineers and craw, 360 and aft raavsahirTh* tower and topsail yards being made fo number, will be accommodated near the two ends ofstay from the fore jigger masthead, and this is found toarmy of 10,000 men to their destination with unexampled expedition. Tea value of Bach a vessel under like circum- stances to patent to every one. It does away with Ute old system of shipping detachments of men, hitherto un-amid. The produce of UMvarious countries of UMearth will Umn be conveyed in vessels ranging from tea to twenty thousand tons. A dozen sach monsters would do near the whole carry in* trade of New York, besides th eaccommodation which they would afford to rae- traveLwithin the other, at a distance ef torn foot tea iaohmapart. The inner ship, er akin, extends upwards to Utolowrr deck, a distance of thirty four feet six inches fromthe bottom. Longitudinal partitions, running the wholelength of Uw ship between Uw toner a a d outer skins, andriveted to both, divide the spaee bilatmi toto severalperfectly watertight compartments, so that if an m- ones, an fitted with masts and mils, and capable of af- edge of one ptaWlrbnT to the other to UO fort. Thawas, inch by inch, impelled nearer the river, until on the 31st of Janaary—three months from the first attempt- she WM g o t afloat aad sowed to moorings a t Deptford t o be finished. Here she remained for seven months, until on the 7th of September she slipped her moorings and started down the river oa her. BOATS.There are four targe life boats and twenty-two smallerdent of a steamship company at Soathampinc, whartj he remained until be task comBaawd of tee Golden Fleece, whtoh conveyed some a f t b a first retaJorccmecto o f British troops te India, oa tba outbreak of thtsach compartment might be tiled wtthoat Uw slightestdanger to UMstability or safety of tha ship. Running M0tost tore and aft, and •atending from UM bottom of length by thirty-six feet in width and thirteen feet high. Nothing, in fact, baa been toft undone teatstatuteing with tee greatest smoothness. The draft of water was too little to allow of the proper Immersion of the screw and peddles, aad the ship WM s'ightly down b y the head, her proper trim being on aa ever keet Her performance under these circumstances of thto trifling ran was looked npon as a fnv.irable indication of her ful-as uplifted lances, support six thousand five hundredLength between the perpendiculars080 feet 893feaSCREW AKD FADTrt.K BfuTXES.own the Bed8m to Aden, where veatotaof UMBOS'.India It was wiser? decided by Mr. Brunei, to guard aga.in.it forest tram ta a worm. Between the masts are Breadth from side to side of hull.......... . tSfeet teen nod a half knots an hour.that time honored medium for conveying orders -tha speaking trumpet—would have ao more chance of being heard at either end titan a boy's penny whistle in a storm.f4was stopped, a strong pressure of steam generated, and12 an explosion took place. Three or four unfortu- Tdeepest interest tn the success of tec great expert which the company have undertaken to solve, Mr. Bald devoted himself with tea most unwearied solicitude t tsixteen revolution* a minute and cutting off at one-fourth k> be of such strength that if it were taken up by its two «a£pM* >•• • •*••* ****** a • AXfOltv IOCS* necessary repairs effected. She Umn storied oa a Weightofship,engines,fix.,asatitslaunching12,000tons.Cr*aa Dmkorged Jr*m oV^/nrmii ThePoitct andUtostroke. SteamforUtopaddleenginesisgeneratedby extremities,aadto*entireweightthevemeltoeverto Immersionofthtoweight th*a porttoe of UM contract tor carrying UM evertoad four tabular boilers, each IT feet 9 inches tang, IT feet carry were hung open ito middle, it would Baatato the Draught clwatectodeni begiren to them. The principal reason far no doubt, the m et that Mm to IncTssat the coatractfrom eight to . teaknetoaalaw*?. IB*etwr,eomtogfoamrivalswawere evtdeally qaite eapahto af dmag ait that Umy pro- **awai«*o,threwUMfwajasshvaad UnantoiOoaapaav toto asau«ofalarmforthecoattooanceofahatossaaa. pr4y.ande—feaatoewhtoheeeMhebroawhtintopa\y waa used to obtain a renewal af their coatract. Uea on the point of aspamttoa. By a Utah) tontoton* togroU to with sam* ef Uw mtom government mnatom, and by agreemg to raae their specu to ton kneto, they ancceeded me-mitoamt aaether contractw,Ut theBrtttohgovera'meittortheharmefaerearears,temgthusshutout aavew*6 inches wide and 13 feet S inches high, watehtog fifty whole by its unaided powers of resistance.to*a aad twiHl"T^t forty teas of malar. The arm of She carries twenty targe boats on deck, and inadditioa„.20 feet. pressure of twenty pounds of steam, the paddlesinchestodiameter,aad400innumber. Thusamteafaraaceatoeachboiler,whichwithsteady moderate firing gives steam to the extent of 800 Indicated horse power, aad with foil firing to the extent of 1450 in- dicatedhonepower.Acmmmodationsforpassengers,troopsalone 10400Thescrewengineswere Watt k Co., of Sob© Works,built BTThey areNumber Of boilsm,,• •«» boaruforpumping,hoistingsailsand weighinganchoror Furnacesforbottom.%14foet greatest amadtoem induced. No pitching «««4-v4 * WM experienced, though she ran up the «i^?? Channel against a strong head wind, fromJudge; crewsofteeivan, of tee Mohawk,dlrr • xting. with aThe: arefonrcylindersofeighty-fouraf...1,400 horses foments made, with the screw sad paddles working to Havana. Thus the praam Ia isttoisd ef MM to theand swang on davits, two screw steamers, one hundred forttoagandbetweensixty aadseventytonsburthen.These steamers are at all time* ready for sea, and fittedwithevery requisiteforembarkingsadlanding pamen- errsandluggageonthewharforpier. ITieyarerai*e4 andlowered,asoccasionrequires,bytheenginesfixedon LengthofstrokeI t tottons 1.000 horses i 74inches 26tonsanother proof that her estimated speed weald be Ontryingherunderforesadaftcanvase,withagood breese, H WMfound that she gained one knot an hoar. Bo- foresettingsailaslightbatdistinctly perceptible*rolling motion aasfelt; thammatoncechecked,sadthefindersancners, we should m y , for she to furnished with tea, Diameter of paddle wfaeeto. whtoh, with their sucks, weigh 55 teal, and require 880 Nominal power ofscrew enginesprovingveryconelMirely teat they ceaU tofthedecreesofcourt*andiltosjfothomsefchaincable,weighingta andwarpwesBbing100teas,Mattel»tU** Bat ptiaaemforwith the eweptioa af theatomwrcaght Iroa,thestandingriggingofmatthe targe shreads af thto materialare eight and*nary dead eyes and lanyards, or right and left yards, have been dispensed with, and in theirhas been substituted, by whtoh ta!F. tba shrouds oaa ha tat go being launched ia the usual manner Mr. Brunei, tn anwhohavetoi threecargoesofxDMBXB are aqnare n g -his intention BOto construct bar, after enume- ncuBaes which would attend any attempt tota the United mates, **aaaBtgsaj m e t e Btoda of taBBBtatost St tba one alreadyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069many conflicting opinions.There are few of our citizensThe powerful msshtorrywho have not stoited and admired that noble specimenof1naval architects* *,the steam frigate Niagara—the largestvesselofwhichwecaaboast. Thornwhohavebeensothree feet, so thatif itshouldbefoandnecessaryto ground the vessel for repairs, she wiB be enabled to sup- port her own weight without strain or injury. This web work, by which the two hulls are knit together, as if they formed one solid wall of Iron, is strongly rivetted to the ribs by means ef angle irons. The thickness of tbe lower deck wUlprevent anysoundfrom theengineroomsnepthtrom dock to keel..iafisTTTii m -Z-3"-""""""pr»-\ meat* tobema»i<"befvs (raniavaraamcf* .~_. IV..t hav- ful efectr< l^ht at the mtwheait. Oa startrm aighto the acknowledge tee American claim to prior.ty. ' The plan to prepare ber far a more extewdeJ trial,etfecaufth:sa-3bestr.a.iagiaahighdegree. Theboat punnedWMthatoftwoironshedcradle*,on wh,chthe in the ahape ef a v^ aw ovmr tee »t- waagiiCiag ever th?waters -unto herself asun,"taw shiprested,themran on railways having an inclineof tactic. Here sV waaic-d w ita the a>.:iaaary ai- deck bathed to artihV-J mooebeaaM, and UK restiem SB* in twelve. The on y novelty to theprocoedtog was the teratioos and repetrvwer* be.ni comp**e>i, ant from ocean wtthoat dak-'c»-J with.tha shadows of the over- tact teat two waa sssmor* would be is contact dvtag the tew point she sailed oe her voyag to N*w Yne*. TBMro-sent to v*sseateromieg its path. Imagine UM eonatema- tMtottwould*auseaateuj;acrewwhohadneverbeardoftew BMdern wander (snppaaing that there eatoto ain any sea so ignorant of psaamg events). Tnbey Vas- ship to launch readily, ta tact, so readily teatderdr-.-nm aad h a Flymg Pwtehman would be noo r citmetaaoe to at *FORM OF THI OBIT S BTLL.WM always had to a system of check* oa the vetocity Themm*inclineWMnowtoheemployed,bettowaaMi known what would ba the effect of th e two tnm bnrfoom tetog toonatoct under sach conditio** ft to believedThe lines o f tbe great sh p a r e very similar in appearance to l a m ef a first dam tmsrican clipper. For her teat tee expanse and difficulty of launching arose entirelyTomeetthisdifficultyatelegraphicapparatustoplaceditLongitudinalbulkheadsrunningforeandaftata natefiremenwerescaldedtodeathbytherashthetaskofpreparingthegreatshipforsea.AfterthtWeight of iron used to the construction, about 10.000 tons.Tocarry coal and cargo Quantityofcoaiwhichcanbecarriedforroy-18,000 tons.18feet6inches. THESECONDTRIALTRIP30 feet. from Portland to Holyhead. During this trip, with aDraught of water lightAtrommodatuHir tor pas winter*, first classAccommodations tor passengers,second class.2,000 ten and tee screw thirty -fonr te thirty-six revotatioas,Humanity ef Semkmg Thematom A IjiiiTiiia toeThe weather coattaam hot to tee extreme but l.tUg wtad aad ao rain hence, WHb tee dart, we have tee dhv comfortattendingwatting,toadditiontoour< sacm.ThetowncontinueshealthyNothingkmIedin the shape of wrecks atom the Delphua WMashore at theTortugM.evertwoBkonteaago,aady*ttheoosamanAa baa sm-rired thto period of inactivity ia en* stanch egto4,800squarefeet. Thetabesareof totheseshecarriessaspeadedaftofherpaddleboxes tooomawdationsforpassengers,thirdclass..1,200—4.090 thirteenaadonehalfknetoanhearwaremade,Number of anchors Weightofanchor.«*bt«,tB. Nominal power of paddle engines Number of cvlmdsrs Dtometerofcy Weightofcvlinders,each•Number of tjlliMtojl^. •Weightofcyliadess,tact Dauneterof-cylindars...•..••••••••......•.•••84 inches Length of stroke ....4 feetef s^ilesa.... .«••• «•*«.«• ..»»•..• ••••»« «»»••••,. ..«•».«. •••••»»••.... • .as sp^ Numberofbladestoscrew.......••...........*•-^vr*BLengthofscrewabaft.........»•. Weight of screw shaft..••..180broadside oa to the river, her great lengthUntitled Document* •..........••^«B8tonsseparately", it W M tSerred that tbe former WMcapableofpropellingtheahipattherateoftenknots, and the tatter at eight kaote aa hear. Duruutrial it had been a matter of remark that teesteered like a yacht, answering her belt thanmanyvesselsofone-fifth ofbartonnage'Ta totohear ahecoofd be turned,thehelmwasputseven- teen degrees a-pert. when She wast round ia nineteen minutes, forming a circle of one and a half mile ta dtame- ter. A similar trial with UM bean aatarbeard gave a like result. Thto experaaaatcr**ctadrd, Uto Gtartaartera hue Holyhead, where the remained several weeks. Dar- ing this period ahe rode out the heavy gale of wind whichthe Royal Charter, s a d proved b y her behaviorto practice to be ttw batoat ram,the want of itamybalittle difficulty was necessaryImpetustotb^rmmlwithteahydrauhc rams, andabestidsomesixfeetintwoamsada. Ifshecould havebeenallowedtogoontaherown way,thawould undoubtedly have been a success,dentiy of the damage which would have beea nrrmiimail to property by her rushing with a constantly increasing velocity into the Thames, so numerous were th e specits tore, who covered tee river ta small wherries, and who, to spite of tee efforts of the police, penetrated to Uw eads of UM ways, that a targe sacrifice of human lifemust necessarily have resultedfor slopping UMship WM therefore put la motion. but not until tht enormous strain, acting on tee stern dram, had hurled some unfortunate laborers, who were worktog tbe capstan, high tato tee air, producing a fatal result to two cases. After tee lapse of an bear, another attempt WMmade, when the rams sat oat of order sad a launch- ing cham snapped, so that tee operation bad to be sas- peaded. A second trial took place sixteen days after tee first, but WM entirely unsuccessful. Chains broke to ailtor remedytag thto defect, M the longest ••frdiron'* where she swam have beea Beached WM not more tea* batfamtoawte. Thto to sewbatag leagtemid, and m her return to Ragtaad she will be tot** to Mtatord Haven, beached, and pat in proper trim for tee m n extended trip she will then bare te ptoflam. The natari earing this trip WMto get the m*uannwj into good workag order. Tato WM csacted by steady steaming for eight boors. During four hours df the run tbe< rmwedalttttototryberspesd. Withto*iton nvotuatoos and the screw about thirty, aad fifteaa pounds pressure o f steam, twelve and a half knot* a a boor were made, t h e dAnance r u n being fifty knoto a the four hour*. Tha show*.', teat the mitiiilpM toss of bar being retarded by the grass adheitag to the bottom were singularly correct, fur aa a pteviom trial the sama groundbadbeenranoverat therate effcart'.samd a half knoto an hour The run effected tto object ia show- ing that they could rely o n making t h e voyage acreat tbe Atlantic without fear o f faflBre, aad eosaaaoeati! t b a departure was definitely decided for tha following Satur-the asststsacs of half a dozen powerful steam togs to takethe vemel safely round the sharp carves to tea Thamesat Greenwich, Blackwall and Woolwich, aad to guardagainst casualties to tbe numerous craft passing op anddown this crowded stream. The first day's journey WM mutiny. Thto voyage W M the quiches* ever par* only to Purfleet Here tee-great ship cast anchor and re-down therivert os e areach, where the tegsmiles, infifty-eightminutes,t h eengineswork-has served.fairlycongratulatethemselves enhavingsecuredteaI vices of a gentleman thoroughly mmpttetit t o ithe duties of captain of tbe Great Ear:tera. We havt) omitted te mention, to tba above abort natiee, that at 1867 Captain Hall WM, tor his Mtranomical acquat- menu. chosen a follow ef tea BsysJ AstronomyMr MacLennan, tba Chief Engineer of teehas a peculiar claim to Uw pmitioa he holds. With a brief exception, his professional career tas beeato the big ships of their day. He commenced ia the <other, at a distance af two feet ten inches apart.two hulls are bound together by longitudinal webs of iron plates at intervals of six feet, which are again sub- divided by transverse plates into spaces of about six feettervalsbetweentheplatesarereducedfromsixto speedwhichtheGreatEasternWMtoattain.A*alreadymentioned, thedesignofMr.BruneiWMtobuildaship capable of running to Port Phillip ta from thirty-three to thirty-six days. The distance from th e Land's End in England is about 11,900 miles. To accomplish thto voy- age in thirty-six days, the ship most steam 13.7 knots a a boar, while tbe shorter period of thirty-three days would necessitate a speed of 14.9 knots an hour. Bo widely spread WMUMnotion of tee ship's doing 20 knots aa hear, thatonly a fewdays before thedeathef Mr.Brunei some of his own friends were talking ia bis gammas* of her attaining this speed. He stopped them short, bow- ever, by stating decidedly and distinctly teat she avoid do nothing of the kind; that she wm never designed forao high a rate of speed, and that his calculations were teat she would make tee voyage to India or Austral* ia from thirty-two to thirty six days. This he stated in tha most confident manner she would accomplish, as tee Bpeed required aw H ii i mi IT WM only from fourteen to foor-tee port of New York to tee Indiana ODEACCIDENTONBOARD. Theremaintogofficers,eighttanumber,aremostia During tbe ma down tee Channel occurred the nafortu- yoang men selected tor their fitness for the duties tteyTiiesescrew fifty to fifty-five.SPEEDOFTHIGttUTEASTERN. Westerntn1844,sadservedin-herforthreeyears.Btscrewmakingof tec greet ahip, Captain Harrison, of the Canard Ito*, WMappointed to the ammaasd. The unfortunate deathexamination a t t h e Board o f Trade.first ctom nrsnmasdm's oertifleate, aad tha tugjissl I Baastato from companies and individuals underAltogether,t h eGreatShip CompanytoAfrica. ofUuaact,1myipreviously, www.fultonhistory.com 