 *ton* A. Mo,sir- never did. Q.DMyoueverhearofherf A.Y«*.L.3.Latham,furniture,$80,00;insurenoe$16,000. J I t Morris, hardware, $60,000; no insurance.p V^iS ip^- »**°Brltu,fc In the life of the CarsUng family. Mrs. genmau is slater to the plaintiff.near the old Powder House, b » t w e e a l B £ ^ 3 i i * Cruz, and about four mile* fromuJThmeT e Z *«* headquarterswere atthevulaguofMedeS 2 * saileu distant ^^*" TM****• t*«tlB»Uptothe3d,when LieutCarter left aa . beenmade upon thecity. nor^^o-Siifl taken towards plantirg a battery! The^enomVS^Si suite, howerer. had made il*ir apoee«a*aii-L5*L »on the car.4 Mil. .h«M»»,.. . . . _ " " : •ereral ess* • the caxd hills above the cityTawmreawj'tTLZ^TJ^&Vhke V1*ra"'8*m * haveeomewti 5p[Ta,ds», t~bore from Jalapa under the commandTrTL5?»f i he mCompirsttors•* • s^Ki^t-Tfce Presides* Asks for Pestce,ZmtrriV**" *• **••*» *••• **•* * • ' oai ec-wot) ATtus oouasronwoB.Bcnon AtR», Jan. ST, I860. -t - U J ^ Bavnot Ayrm—The CaWMtftM aeinwMBowtofSmkn ifaWig °f CengrMi^getttaw o/Pwit-dawt-i^erufeitiLope*Bactmg0*€-C<*mtatt MdessaJ-left hisVife andwent out with young girls to balto; have traordinary, and nwmentous measures of Congression* wLm FOUM men kiss Efme; never saw one of the Keysharms on board the son of the President, who is com- saander m chief of the army. Tbe General escapes,but aha ship Is guarded in a neutral harbor. Just In time to prevent a Beet from blowing up bis favorite fortress ofliving with Mrs. Seaman; that was when 1 lived with her the second time; am a German ; understand GermanHouse upon this homestead scheme on the question of theCongress, the people of the late "lone star" republic may once again unfurl their own banner, and, declaring the compact of annexation violated in every particular, march into Mexico upon a war of conquest.aA^kMHM, Tmw '4TM A w i ^ B l l .OTJB WASjUfOTOM CORRE8FOHDBWC*.sang career of peace, and, as a natural consequence, proa seif atreed to separate. (Witness was affected to tears at Idid not ark whether 1 knew any tliiug good of her; ho stay- Compression of the brain. 1 Premature birthparityed thet> about a halt hour.Cyanosis Delirium tremens Drowned2 Sutfocation, accidental. . In AC mtnKC. f lOO.OOw B U 1 C H OFv*.r . » themalso: don't toow thatmy'husband'ssk> Effle knew them also; don't toow that ^ " ^ { 1-jrjflj N E W S F lTBI HEWS FROM HEXI[Tsvtot,whs* leftVeraOrnsen -J^*"**"-•»•*•hytbeBESTor *}£*Mr. SMavw la St. Lowle.•f the •tmto«-A«*tr> tm The cross examination of Mrs. Mary Bean-jUi> w n o was Ua»rt«l wit* »*• Bri- sixteenhoursonthe stand,showssomec jriougincidents0a oall at the house of m y aunt; doa'*** * « * » * ^ o mthe Bat far Bmmwmht—tU Chart*** AiiiisstfM, efe. From tbe very thin sttendanoe on thn floor of the Senate to-day at two o'clock, and in the gal,Bio Grande.(74a. Mitn, Bmmr^-Urquuti Betitjnt Bta tmlremmmary a»jd everything goes, on pleasant I wou d racerve from BlrdsaU's, nor do I know that at such alleged ball thatThe Detaili of the Capture of the Spanish- Bobkt; those from Cordova, under thehegrete. The greater part had made a iuncaaa"^'I Preparing for W*-U*mi A M * * • 1M0 to $1,000 a yewr; on the former trial I stated, to the best of my know'.ed'ge, that the Income from roomsEffle and Tdton were caught in a cloakroom, with doors closed and lights out; wag not at any such place; know Samuel C Barnes; know Thomas J. Barry; sometimes play cards, but never did s t m y father's nouse.Q. Were ever you and Effle and others playing cards in your father's house while your father was holding a prayer meeting in another room? A. Never did.Witness continued—Have sometimes played with t h e children at cards in my father's house; played "whistle jack " a man named Burch boarded at that time at ray father's house; Burch left before myseif and husband s e -Mexican Vessels of War.camp btewfen Vera Orua and atedeiin. A norta Jalapa dtvteiou, however, had been detached to another portion to Vagara, and still smaller demagain breamea freely, coercion a re- _j and pontics a w seeking thetrformer The M e elecUon baa gives a complete triumph An the party thai baa been In power tor tbe last eightamounted to $4*0 per yeart have received, just as I told yoTwben^bebouW liruf,from $800 to $1,000; I did say on former trial ttiat m y receipts for rents were $450, and balance of the money I lived on came from interest on notes being told, after last trial that I waa wrong, I in- quired to find out; Mr. Shaw's flrst visit to my houie was before Williams came to see me; don t know that my sis- ter was in great want of money about February, i » o ;So^uSSr0 6 4 1** ^ouspointtoatbe roai.They are knowna s tbeliberalparty. They fa-arrested by the veto of the President.There are two bills before tbe Senate, the House billand the Senate bill, the only material difference between them being in this, that while the House bill opens the public domain equally to citizens and aliens, the Senate bill restricts this privilege ot settlement to actual citizens. Pass the House bill Into a law, and with the receipt of the newsbythedwellerontheShannon,theClyde,tbey ear t.vor progress, eneonrage improvements, inaugurate rail-way enterprises, and conetrud public bondings. Among body, and paid our first year's rent In advance; know parated; know a man named John Haskell; boardedT H E•"wljV E R Y etc*,L A T E S T ,their opponents, atan, are found many M » of mUUlgence sodenterprise, buxtt * during tbe Amiination of Ibe psrty now inpowerihat nearly allof tbe publicwork,in mad armnd this d t y have been initiated.Tbe Convention which to to examine tbe constitution ofB session now nearly two weeks, and ^ y „ ® i ? * tied a time tor tbe election of President a e i Vice I resi- Sntof tbeirown body, and this W c«»ru*ough tbey have DO aerious disagreements on any subject. TM e y take things leisurely. Tbey meet at a- bout 9 P. M ., or a_ after-and adjourn etaboet 11)4" P• M.I b e Arseatoe Congress meets on Feb. 6, at which time the Iveatdential Electors alae meet. Buenos Ayres,bymy sister S handwriting; this writing (here shown) looks Hke.plaintiffs hand; this (another note shown) looks also like plaintiffs writing; can't tell her writing without s e e tec her write it; never heard of these notes before this trial if she gave them to Mr. Shaw, It was a secret: 1 was not let into it; Effle has never denied the execution or these notes to Shaw; don't think I ever heard her mention them to any person; she has not said anything w me, in parti Cttlar, about them at all; didn't know of Effle's borrowing money from defendant; don't know that she represented herself to Mr. Shaw in great want, aad wanted to borrow $000, a t the time o f getting this money; don't know of any necessity that existed, requiring Effle to have the money at that time: have visited Mr Shaw's house In town be- tween six and eight o'clock, with my sister, va- rious times; couldn't sav whether it was threewith my aunt; ho was a gardener; had a gardenalongside of my aunt's house; slept in the rearof the garden; ate at my aunt's; the house he sleptin onlv had one room in it; Effle and I have bsenmthatplace;hewascultivating thegardenformyaunt; Thames,theRhineortheDanube,he mayoome overat it was mostly filled with vegetables; samelimes I wentMovements ontheRioGrande. OtJBMXWOBLKAMSC0KRESP0NDKHCK.fbe Confederation drags on but slowly. Ther hare been tavthereto get vegetables; don't remember whether I wasthen married or Single; I went in the place where Haskell slept and talked with him alone several times; Effle day. The Senate bill requires the new comer to our Movement— WHUam H. Seward Hrld RetpomiiiU by A e aad every thing in the beat (late of defence. GaTT^'when we trst came here we we were not In debt to anyQ Did Effle tell you of any scrape or trouble involving her delay can nave no voice in the eteetton of President, or a dosen times; we west to see Mr. Shaw, a breach of promise suit in other cities?weeks ago appears this morning as great news indeed in the barracks, and will make it unpleasant work foTuiTs^,<wJequenUy,8enttea*Deruut.amanvery-repug- ZZat to aU parties here, as it is said, will be elected. His rival could be eiected by the aid of tbe rote of BuenosPresident lopes seems to be master of the sdenoe of backing out. He exhibits his skill In both committing im- pertinences and In backing out in tbe nick of time. For&c; wenttomakehimafriendlycall,sawhimevery time; never saw any white person there;have been there tathe afternoon; returned home with m yMr.Shreveobjectedonthegroundofirrelevancy.REBECCA LANMAN'S TESTIMONY.This witness was a servant in the house of Mrs. Sea-some of the papers of this city, informing the public of SamHouston'sgreatgameforthePresidener. Theold fellow is not to be out off by the administration at Wash- ington with mere promises and a little stir at San Anto-men to plant a battery anywhere within three talks afn- city, on that side, if the men remain faithful ^ ^Andhere,togobackalittle,wemayremarkthat, censpiracy was discovered in the city ea the lflUi T t H head of it was Lieut. Col. Vlvaldo, who commanded Z of the principal forts on the southern side of the cay ft.staid with the family of Mrs Bray, at tbe Convent; if shewent out to Br. Shaw's, I think she would have told me,don't know that she has been away from the houie morethan three nights; she has been to St. Joseph to see hercousin; she went to Cincinnati about two weeks beforethe first trial, and returned in about two weeks; camehome In the night, on the arrival of tbe cars; have beencaeaai, a leading admtalstration paper of this city. H e to Mr. Shaw's house without Effle; went there ouca to body wanted to see her, without mentioning his ueuu; wields a ready, polished and powerful pen. carry a note, written by Effle; it was, I think, written in Mr Shaw did not tell his name, but said to me, "NeverAs it is understood thai Buenos Ayres has been coerced pencil; she signs her name differently, some- mind—you just go up and tell Miss Carstaog that some- back into the Confederation, Gen. Urquiza has resigned to times "E. C," sometimes "Effle," and some- body wants to see her;" after tbatsaw Mr. Shaw call fre- times "Kale.'' Don't know the contents of quently; sometimes three times a week, sometimes twice,Bnmaita, President Lopes orders the prisoners to be triad, aad pretends to inflict a punishment on Canstatt b y swartlng him out of the country, for which he had long wished.wben I served Mrs Seaman the second tima there was another servant there, whs stayed one week after my coming; Miss Eftie and Mrs Seaman would assist me in washing; saw Mr. Shaw at Mrs. Seaman's; saw him at the door; he asked for Miss Effle Carstang, that was lur ing my flrst term of serving; I then conducted him Into the parlor; then went to inform Mi£8 Carstang that some-How stands this case with regard to Texas r Texas was not conquered, or purchased, or "created," or admitted into the Union as the other States. Texas came Into theABANDONMENT 0 ? ALVABADO. OntheapproachofMiramonthedty ofAlvarawaw abandoned and the fort dismantled. The gunsnam ammunition, Arc, were all taken up to Vera Crux i £ step w a s taken because of the belief that beta placet couldnotbesuccessfullydefended. OfthepeopleoftatWen Bartholomew Mitre, late commander In-chief of the forces of Buenos Ayrenf has become editor of the Ifa-NSW T O R ^ HERALD, TONESPAY, MARCH 2\ 1860.-TRIPLB SHEET.sister; never left there later than eight o'clock; if it waswinter that would make it dark; don't know that Effle man, where Effle was living. She testified as follows —some opposition to any change is beginning to break oat ia the National Congress the plentopotentiary powers oon- the note and supposed she was thanking him for sometimes four times; he never asked to see anybody the South. We are that apprised that some Southern men fcrred upon him to effect that object. Gen. Urqulzt is fruit; don't recollect that she told me about it; I was s*- else but M>ss Carstang; be would bring with him some- begin to suspect that there is something more ia thisthis stage of tbe examination ) He could not get late any | business, and could net support m e ; h e had nothing, aud , could not get anything to do; be could have raised three Itied. The energetic steps taken in the port of Buanas got ii from his father; aon't know wha. reasm he al- {Ayres by the British Admiral seem to have infused new leged to others for leaving me; never had any other reaMB into the Paraguayan courts of justice, and the process, ion for leaving him exeept as stated; David Seaman h a lwhich has been hang'cg on for tbe past year, has at last three listers; know Jsrau C.oyd; he marriet tne eldest 'concluded in a few days. The two principal conspira- of David Seaman'i sisters. Q. Did you ever have any- i Mr. Sbaw. as h« bad told ber 1co :l«i not understand Eng- Heart and blood vessels. 18GovernorHouston will be carried along by it In spite ofThe Paraguay question offers no particular novelty. Thesaeamtr Tacuari still remained blockaied by British shipsin the Boca, the dispute with Paraguay being yet unset- thousand dollars, to buy the Kent avenue lot, if he had did fcbc t-ay anything about what Mr. Snaw des;red? Exposure1 Suicide,61 Total..b y oxalicacid.. 1tors, Gregorio and Teodoro Decoud, were shot in pursu- anceoftbesentenceoftbetribunal. Canstatt,aBritish •abject, was a t e sentenced to death, but tbe punishment wan aiterwards remitted by tbe President, and he has been set at liberty, but forbidden to exercise any trade or calling within the republic.thing else against your husoand for leaving nun v A. ' lish; have alaose'vel wi'h M-s B)*;:*: kuew Miss Eifn Yes, myhusbandsoughtothersociety,notrespectable,,practicinguponthepianopresentedtoherbyMr.Sbaw; of both sexes. he also asked me if she oiten praoiced upon It do notknow wby he pnt the question; do not know thatMr Witness continued—Ho went to see frail wom»o,aol ' Shaw made any visits to my mother a'Uir suit wasbrought;OldageSkin, A c., and eruptivefevers3S 242611 42614 66The liberals snd American citisent generally ww pressingCap!.larvwverystronglytocapturetht~ expecition. He bad not, however, decided to dop vaa Teviot leftwat told; that was the reason, I suppose, why I left him; my mother lives on Fiith street, between Green no a M»r- The following is the official account of the trial of the his failure to support me was one reason; I thought ean; my brother lives with her; no not know anything—Of which 19 were from violent causes. AonaRESULT OF THE EXPEDITION,Lieut Carter expresses tbe confident opinion laatTnawnspirstoTS, taken from tbe Seavmario, the organ of President Lopez —It best leave him; his going into bad society, I think, w i s bad against Mile; *ir,'e Mr Shaw visited Eilie DO other one of the causes; did say that bistaitureto support me gentleman vmitee h> r that I kn<>w, nor did Miss Kffl* her-was the.reason why I left him, but 1 didn't want to sjeak of it; don't think I said the ouly reason I left him was be cause h e could not get anything to do [Tne cross ques-Under lyearl t o Syears92 40to60years.. eaaaaeeTbe Tribunal declared Gregorio Decoud, Teodoro Do- coud, Santiago Canstatt, Lois Caksena, and Jose Mjojel is,the Union," will be the language of the Texan people, '• but tbe contract being broken with every measure of wrong, outrage and insult, a s an independent republic w e leave jou to your free negro policy."NEW ORLEA.VS, March 18, 1860.The Invasion ef Mrxico—The Knight* of the Qotden OircU— Iheir Origin and Ainu—Legality of their Project—Some of their Leading Men—A Squad of Motket Maker* from Harper'* Ferry, etc.Far overshadowing In interest all questions of State or national politics, the enterprise of the K. G. C 's, ortto 10years 10 to 16 years preme government, anl condemned them to capital pun- tioning at this point was very severe.] We m latuaiiy se- girl? A. Yen, sir, so far as I know; knew of ladies visit- 16 to 20 yearsguilty of high treason against the republic and the su-ishment. The accomplices were condemned to four y«ar* parated, without cause; don't think 1sail that his failureQ Can you say wVther Miss Sffle was an Indostriouse a a a a e *confinement in separate places, the Paraguayans being prohibited from holding any honorable poet, and from having either an active or passive vote in the Generalto support me was a cause; didn't say tb..» women ware a cause,butdidsaymatthecomplaintsIheardaJOithis going te see them was a cause; I tiled a bill for divorce in tbe Circuit Court of St. Louis, on the ground of a iuitorying ibe housn occasionally; so did thn Harris Camay visit; 20 to 26 years Miss Kllio vv*ited itiem also; ku>w M s Vlauuigan; she isPresident of the republic ordered Gregorio and desertion; am not sure about the desertion; it waa aMr Harris" alster; also know theMisjes Wiikios; on wash- day M:ee Effle ana M rs Seaman wou' 1 attend t o making tb* bees »od cleaning the rooms; thnre were a euoib-ir of lodgers in the house; the back parlor wa* occipiod by Fred Homes iuul W.iliom Homos; Miss Effli male a tra- velling dress; she did not say to me wher> she was going to travel; had no occasion to see Miss Effle aud Mr Shaw together; 1 would leave bim in the parlor, and then Mist Eilie wJUM come down and meet him.SOto 40 yearsChina Denmark1 Prussiacepted by law. It is on this account that his Excellency,the President, taking upon himself the responsibility, ab-solved Santiago fbnstsH, Lais Catena and Jose Mojelosfrom capital punishment, and ordered them to be set atliberty with the above named eight acoompltes, in con-sideration of Urn long imprisonment tbey bad suffered.That part of the sentence which deprived the Paraguay- Q Did your husband charge you with infidelity? A. I nan of the rights of citizenship, and the foreigners of li-Bellevue HospitalCity HospitalCity PrisonsColored Home Hospital.. 2 St. Vincent's Hospital.... 1already amounts to 4,000 men; that ia to say, 3,000 the fort of Hnmattn. and 1,000 in tbe city; that the for-i i t tbe east of Oiimpo and to the west of TecumMary S Senium (u/t. DitpiitL. Se>imea intkt Circuit ('mri uf St LauU Comity, a petition tor divorce, aprilterm 1 S U -riala tiff comes and petitions >l>e Court to be forever divorend from thedefendantattoallobligationsbetweenthemInnwrm•>ir,trig these facts ar« ail admiseiole at illustrating the facta lb. mMves. Wby, your Honor, if the plaintiff that eve nirg bad been seen goiog round tha ho.me arsa a u i arm withaparaniou",billingandcoolog,andmakingspe-.oh10 MltltllllMIIaeae aeae**v V a a e » s * a • e e e e a e a a a * s u a .84 It • • e e a a a a S a lhave adopted new plans, and these have given itan Impetus by which it has slowly but surely spreadover seventeen States, incluling thewholeSouth,batmoreespeciallyintheStatesofTennessee, Mississippi,Louisiana and Texas. It now comprises nearly thinythousand members. Its object is to march to Mexico, terialaof war, proneions, A c , Ac., to aid Muasan""1 crmh the liiramon faction and place the Juarez govern-great while ago, in 188&Major Wright said that the record was the best proof otthat.Judge Reber sustained the objection—the writing mustand Texloro Decoud to be shot, after being noti- ced to that effect, and after receiving the consolations of religion; which w a s accordingly done, the bodies being delivered to a relation, who asked for them for interment.of Cnntwell'e room; she was coining liito the dloi groom, and from the cimng room went in rtie hack parlor.Q. What did sho ray after she hal passed out of Mr. Oantaull'h room, and was about storting from tbe dinUg room?Mr Shrei ve objected to the testimony sought to be elici- Island Hospital . 8 Ward's Island Emigrant ted as having no b.-aritig upon the case, une« it was lu Nursery and Child's Hoi -trodiiecd upon the ground that, if it was proved that she pitalhad stated what the oouDsel had alreadv Implied in his St. Luke's Hospitalbe produced.Witness continued—If I charged in the bill that DavidThe supreme government may commute capital punish-»aent on behalf of humanity, when there are grave and•efficient motives for so doing, saving for those crimes ex- Seamen deserted me, after we had mituaJy agree 1 to one Sunday eventng. Remembe.r Mrs. Seames cams oatseparate, it is in the bill; I obtained a divorce; I ion't remember the particular period; all I remember is that I got the divorce; I am sure desertion was chargedFTJBUo tutTJTCTI0JJ8.Almshouse, Blkl's Island.. 6 Penitent'y Hosp'l, Black. 7HE SPANISfl CO OPERATING EXPEDinOK. YERI Caix, Feb. 'A, Is*Q Didyon charge him with adultery and desertion after agreeing with him to live apart? A. Well, leant give you the answer..19 well's Island. 4 Randall's Island Nursery . 2 Hospital3 3Is m y letter to you of the bth Inat.. I gave you a ment of the relative strengtn and territory ouaafcs the two contending parties, since which time, I a a to inform jou that Guanajuato has fallen into thedon't know.Witness continued—Went by the name of M\ry Sea-themseves as ardent sympathizers in its aims. The fol- lowing reliable details of the origin and objects of the m o v e m e n t , t o f a r a s t h e y a r e a c c e s s i b l e t o t h e u n i n i t i a t e d , willbeInterestingtothereadersoftheHERALD:—rin, ex Commodore of the Mexican navy, ba1 pa"**^ two steamers and cne brig, all of which he wat ""**Jr asmen-of-war,andmanningtnemwinSpaniards,aiw vana, to aa:! immediately for this coast, ben** • * « hebadcharteredanEnglish steamer andts»&***berty to trade within the republic, he confirmed.Canstatt had left Asconcion and arrived at Carriqutes.Tbe smallpox had broken out on board bar Majesty's •tana sloop Leopard in Montevideo. By permission of the Oriental government a hospital for the sick was to be es- tablished oa Gorrittl island.*»»••• a•aaeeae aaaaaa awe.26 17 aea• •aa e87 the artillery fores ready to receive the English ships of The following is the complaint shown to the witu •«:— wr maintain that the physical acts of witness aeoompouy- • e e e e e a e e e a a a a a a a a a e * e .19 * • • • a a a e a e • • • * •men In Charleston, and was not called Mls3 Mirr Car stang; Mr. Denny sometimes ca'led me that name, so- a t mg of me to his laborers, aud in that way some of the neighbors got to calling me by itformer questions with regard to the Wilkins girls, that might serve to establish tho propriety or impropriety of tbe plan tiffs conduct.1 WAlIDS.Judge Lackland —May It please your Honor, we expect to prove that Cantwell was iu that room with Mary Sea- Itwasexpectedthatpeacewouldresultfromthepar- vorcetorefreahthememoryoftnewun;ss.Mrs.tea- man,whrrpchewent»ooncomingoutofthatroom,and aion of Canstait. Nevertheless the Sesumorio says that men acknowledged her signature thereto. various otner facts, al) or which are oompetoat proof, andIttllliMIaeaeutt10a e a a e e a a e e • • • * • • • * JVBr. Lackland propo*>d to real the original bill of di-TbeOrderwasInstitutedinMississippiduringtheyear 1864. Its original object was the cultivation of a martialspiritamongtbeyoungmenofthatState,andtorhaveaccouotaofSpanisholioustertcgagainstlatxw•• a long time the number of its members was quite limited. American policy hare, under tne open aaacOaa sal • Within tbe last year or two, however, its leaders sistance of the Spansb government Sr- Deo *J**A^ready, and that, in abort, an operationwouldnotbesoeasyatagainstthe BOWeiieU-g PlaiouffsUteathatdefendantinarrwlh«rIn esolloveandtalkinglascivioustalx,thate-jrtotnlycoaldeeeeeeeeea a• • • M I ••ee aee• ttXInthemeantime itwanreported that tbeeityofNewYork,intheMateofNewvok.soma timeia be a1mitten ascompetent testimonybearinguponthe the year 184ft. that from tbe time of the marrUge ton piainud' plaintiffs character. Now, this la Just the WRI oT evltbe British v—ils to those waters were about to leave to and defeadant lived tese.ber as maa *ad wife I V about, foir dtnoe wfjwant lojalroit with regard to Mrs Mary Saamanschooners, a s transport*, for the purpose of braalhi »Joan the allied French and English forces In ChinaThe Emperor of Brazil and bis Empress were still on a •our of visitation through their flourishing empire.from Hatjrtl.KATA6I8 OF TH* JOHN BBOWN raTTaW-JYXPATHY FOB TBB FOBLMX WIDOW OF nil M4.KTYB— NXW UXB O r SJgwisTlM - T M COFFB CftOP ANDyears, when defendant, ber husband without anv avian, wholly abandonca her aad left ber to ttw merer an 1<-b«-U» o f tbe world aad has ne'er once glvei ber any aaoport, o tr b\a ever returned tober, aad the aatd pen toner, %splanum n iha premises,furtherstatesto thehoaorabtaCourt that, during all ibe lime * h'ch tbe lived with defeadant after OM'rUge (tour sears)see was aiwe>a faithful, irathfal, aid in ail m peels asto her marriage coutraet with aim, onaduotel h<>rae f asawif«shoulddo whetherhewasinliekneeaorbaatband nevergaveaimanyeanaeorpro>oeattonlodfteen h-r aa aforesaid AbeIbcrwfore obargea ta»t aaii David 0. *»amt;n «it« wii'uland unwarrantable de*erum for tae penrd »f time aforemendoiied; that b e has done a • with "it e«tae: h* baaThe Court concluded to reserve its decision.The Charleston Convention.PRICK OF BOARD—CATTLE ARRtVlMO.The Charleston Cntwter of the 15th has the following:— OurleaolLglandlords,aswehavealreaiystaled,havebeen diligent and active in making preparations at large-The number ot deaths,«ing weeks of 1868 end ISM, and of last week, was lows:—Week ending March 20,186Sment fairly upon iu legs. Indoing this theK G C's contend that they a r e violating n o treaty or neutrality law, but that tbey are simply assisting a legitimate and formally recognized friendly government to subdue a band of factious outlaws. This done, they mean to assimi- late tbe Mexican republic as nearly to our own as tbe dif- ferenthabitsofthetworaceswillpermit Theydisclaim the character of filibusters, and declare that thay will march down to the levee and embark in broad daylight. Tbe time for tbe departure has not y e t been fixed. Pro- bably their force will be separated in two divisions One will cross the Rio Grande to suppress the disorders along thefrontier,andthenmarchdirecttotbeMexicancapital. Tbe other will go to tbe relief of Vera Crux. This is the present programme, but it Is not finally determined upon, and may be altered by the turn of affairs at Vera Cruzattack upon Vera Cruz and Alvarado, as also to ttttapt blockade of these ports.This government (Juarez) has declared this expeAW d Maim aa contrary to the laws of nations, Ulegal as* ratical.What our naval commander, Capt. Jarvis, will undertnecircumstances,1cannotsay,butIregardI bisboundenduty,aathecommanderofthaistows, an end u> this piratical aggnsston by taking tnem ~ and holding them for tbe decmon and iuatrocuaes American covernmentMbaaxnu troops bave been cut off, and lbs rots struct*d between Mexico and bis army.Gtn Carvajallanowat»*nJuaneeLosYasea, Ptrote, with 2,CC0 men, and has cut off W0 of troopt, with two pieces of artillery, destined forw»ei ia*gn against Vera Ctuz He baa taken this eosesly increased expenses to themselves. They now assure We have received Haytien newspapers to the 18th of never returnedto her »uli a- y support or aasantor inopm ne.poMtivey and authoritatively, that Ave dollars perTBB 8TATB OF THE WBATBBB, BTC.I)ecresa»thtoweelt.DANIEL E DELAVAN, City Inspector.February inclusive, from which w e select the principal ttoansofnews.and that during lbs time of their marriage be baa b*eu a n t la day lor board will be the maximum of charge to or forOaTT lanrnOTOn's ******** Mew York. Ma£hi7Tl86ft TMeFireinHouston,Texas.[From a Houston Letter, March 10.]The largest fire that ever occurred in Houston com- mencedatoneo'clockthismorning,toHadrpath'a eatinc saloon, corner of Maine and Congress street*. Thenamee •pread rapidly to tbe adjoining buildings, which, being woolen,.were soon one mass of flames. All the buildings in tbe block above Congress and .west of Maine street were destroyed, exoept four. From the west side the Are crossed Maine street, destroying the entire block, with theexceptionofsixbuildings. TbeHoustonTelegraphnews- paper office wassaved,aswell asthe large wholesale houseorKeleey,Stiles&Co Themorningwasclear,and no wind. Had tho wind been blowing, the loss would bave*eenoveroneand-abalf million;itisnowvarious-gul'tj of adttJtrry with divers person* to your uetltiMier uu-iBOWuandoneJaneHamiltoninparlou'a-. Vourueti-ioaer. therefore. patlOoaato tali honorable Ooartto b« r>:eve-dlvoreei from the bonds of matrimony eoutraetefi bet »eaa berandthesaiddefendantandthatsheberestoredtoa1therightsaanarivflegeeofan unmarried woman, and that the Courtf rani her sueh further and other relief as good nauaetana-* aadtbe power of the Court oan g!*etntbe preoaivee, ahe navlngresided in lbs State of Mbeourl long e " n«U to make tbi* -.euHarper's Ferry,» aad fervently prays that the colored ttonofreiief. bald peUtwa a not made tsrouga fear rmllu A committee or citizens, appointed by the proper autho- atonofsertiM. MaRt% sHaUKtf.A subscription has been opened in HayU for the benefit of thewife ofthelateJohn Brown, andLe Progm,* newly enwhMshed Journal, appeals most sympathetically an the public on behalf of the relict of "the martyr ofanjd<l»gateormemberoftheConvention. Accommodations have already been secured for overAnarrival,onTuesdaylast,ofonehundred andihlrtv the"JohnBrownstock''washitheascendantinHayti. tbecomplaintisnotmadeoutofflavtiy orbywl!i«lon fearor headofbeefcatUefromTennessee,afforded the marketBrand marees and small ones had been performed in the mostartisticsrySeforthewelfareof hlssenl.aad thepa-* cantata invitations to another great fu In honor of the deceased. "£»ke the •ays this public journal, H»n e r e lhts phiwashorn,wewiltnotfWsarates i« we will bow oar knees beforeatratoibetwaentbeDlalnUtrandaereadaot, for the more par- pose of betog separated from each ether, bat to eiuvtrnr aad troth,fortheeaaseamenUonsdtaerein^ ^ M*RY 9 StaMB*. Swo-n to and iubrcribed Deo 10, ISM. before Jamas &.Btrofher, Notary fublla Q.DoyouknowawomanbythenameofJaoeHt-nila temporary relW Tbey were speedily bought UD ba- thebuichfr»atfrom$11to$1150per100 oeauds %J oesofflrstqualitybeetfellto16andweeetsperpouad• lyestimatedat8160,0X0to$600,000. ordinary, 12X c*»ts per pound. A oorresposding redo©!•Ms,topmythatthehlaolsog'orienaiysellforless. FromlettersandothersourcesofinforW••bet.- Thecountry is today? A. Yen, quite likely; I haven't thought mach or tbe capital of the Slate from HarrUbargto^Udetohia!iti'.; iv ^ ^ i —• - * Marty. A matter of fact member from the rural districtsi who' le. Col- y. Were there any fJlegitiaute children in that family 1 had heard of the great facilities with which brtek house-ear, de- A. Don't know. are moved from one partof the city to another, and wtioeach man of whom ia able to make bis own muekat i of Mweaaon and set le tbe question; but *»«•*• mi keepyonadvisedofanyfartherstepstakenbythe basconfidence tbat bewill uuderta**v* .flgood, after tbntefQ. Is it possible for a mishap to have happaned tiyour bad not tbe least idea that anything hut moving the Stateorder.I m p o r t a n t f r o m M e x i c o .XntAMOK KgrOU VHtA CBWS—ALVaBADO DISMAN-TLED AND ASAlTDOMh.f f roan the New Orleans Picayune, March 18. jBy tbe Star of tbeWestwehave lateaad important neW* from Mexico. It was brought up by the Britishtamest; tn fact be cannot, fur reasons above TbM ttwaaaoc a like Saa a tnoa—h» » *er," aOtotmg poor Mexico—aad until b e ashe cm-M be«o peace. Mira-non has all me«•-, v*kw and beuer elucut** w —Tbe^filXb steamerbusJnst •"'^•^illJ'SaJni spatcte* to the Qapto/n of the Savannah am** * — -husbands sister without you knowtof H? A. Yes,q«ite House was moshtsmslstlon, rose and said -•Mr. Speaker, I have no objection to the motion; hat I s_Mr husband's familylived Inthe don'tsee howso sirth youare goingto getitovertheterhadanillegitimatechild; doetrememoerBJJ«>»JXWB FROTI 8WIH AMERICA-... VMM •«<««• B«e»ew The Cute of Miss Effle Carttang A ^a l n l t -wa-tat&*s»^SMKTKt nomtteaA vrFnt JFhm Pnjtd snfts Smtlt f*e Important Movements on the mwtogfaot.5*,ahto - "•» ft**Sattfirstt ffsSAtSWAsaxMRoa, March 1», lMfclhustBOtCMd the Senate BiO-The BepMictm Fnj*t Geuerel Miramon male bit fi_dent know that there was a * < » « » - w n £ L ^ i Johnp l e t i o n , o r t h a t t h e H e i n s t e n d g l r l a ^ . ^ i f S j i S nForbush; don't know that EHie went out on the H**0*"1rondTdon't know that Forbosh, after *£*"&£> leries, one would hardly suppose one of the most ex- OPERATIONS IN THE GULF* came down by tbe other road. He a r w i m a ^ l ^ . *Mrs. Mary Senman-CrosB examirMoa continued byJudge iAckknd.-Did not say, or pretend to say, that Iinherited wild land from m y f a t r i e r ; inherited personalproperty, he., among the rest 'M part of the furniturenew m m y boose; it came frotr, Kent avenue; I bought kisicdi Effle W W you believe It? A. Don't think I bill granting afree farm, of 160 acres, to every bend of asome of the furniture in my l-ziuse, as stated yesterday, mCtocmnati; took tbe same Airnimre, after m y mother died, to Charleston, then to Ctacinnau, then here: I pay MOOayearforthehous/jnowoccupied;sometimesIget fte amount in rents from lodgers; if the bouse was full,Srould. aosft think 1ever wanat a ball on the Flatbush roaTknow^AbeMttm: don't know that plaintiffwetj to a ball wttlVTilten at Birdnail's; never went toa baU with himmyself:knowMrs.VanCurren;don'tknowthat went to a ball with Effle, Mrs. Van Curren and Tilton, atWILL THERE BE WAR?E?«irrormbmSedtoItmyself; haveseenEfflepart w S f r t e t f b ^ S i lSSS9m the yoong Keyslegislation toheunderconsiderntkm. Totsoitis;sodMr. Nicholson, (dem ) ©T leiin««os, Is engaged to an W^BIf v^'beaTone of the Keys swesrthaths.had elaborateargumentinfavoroftheHomesteadWll,orthewent to New Orleans once from Cincinnati; I made the acquaintance of Mr?. Chamberlain either in Cincinnati or New Orleans; flrst time I saw her was in 1864, saw her also at my aunt's bouse in Cincinnati; don't know that Mrs. Chamberlain lost her husband in the summer and married again in the fall.shores to pars through this five years ordeal of citizenship before he can be entitled to the privilege of squatting. The House bill ia the republican project—the Senate bill has a democratic origin; and between these two stools the wbole scheme msy fall to the ground. Otherwise, w e ap- prehend that the only hope against it is in the President's veto.The prominent objections of the South to this measure arethatitwillsquanderawaytheresourcesofsomethree millions of tbe federal revenues, and the basis of a large public credit in time of need, thus leading to high tariffs, oppressive to the South; and that it will too rapidly fill upInvasion of Mexico May End in a Return to a Separat National Existence, tte., dc.The information which I sent to the HERALD nearly sixsias waa in command, with Gen. Ampedia caiafrf ASJ" tery. aseteted by Colt. Z,rega, l A n T a n d X r f 2 " Lane, who is an Engliahmw. is la command ofi. new sand fort recently erected at tbentht^ the cemetery road. This fort mounts i l i • pound guns of long range and certain aim. Thar — Cof the American race which drove Texas to seek safety as before stated, was lam beard trom at flkal. The sal steamer Mexico left it there on the 1st Tbe expedsttIn disunion, and that position was maintained until a was under the command of Gen. Marin. It tailednuaaadnodoubtinthishesupposedhewas completingthe thereforedidn'tinquireIntothecontentsofthenote;went Effle;don'tknowthatheeverbrought anyto Mrs. Sea movementforachangethan tbelimitedaooommodations separateanddistinct Independence wasgained,andac- HavanaunderSpanishcolors,hutraisedtben««inshe resemblance. But Buenos Ayres is not yet in the Con- to Tower Grove alone with Effle to see the place; Mr. man; know of the piano; it was put up under the direc- and exorbitant charges of Charleston; that Baltimore wben it got outside.federation, and may not be for years. Shaw was not at home; we stopped there, and then went tion of Mr. Shaw; during tbe rair Mr. Shaw came to see would be a very convenient place to bring a powerful knowledged by the United States. Then commenced tbe General Marin sent back to Havana letters by tat Tbe hostile preparations of Brazil towards her Southern onto John Bray's; It was not on the road; don't know Bits Effle; I waited on him at the door; he asked for her, outside pressure to bear from tbe North, calculated to in- agitation for annexation to the American Union. The peo- Mexico. So far as known, bis plana were to -"mitt isand of being called the Washington of South America, tisfled that Mr Shaw's Intentions were honorable, and times fruits, and sometimes flowers; they were for Missborder continue, and the idea gains strength that she will noon And Paraguay, the Confederation and Uruguay unit- ed against ber.The United States exploring expedition, unier CapL Tbos. J. Page, is pursuing its work in the upper rivers, at present in the Vermejo.V*WSP APIB ACCOUNTS.We have received flies of the Commercial Tims and the Tribtme,ofBuenosAyres,tothe27thJanuary,andotthe CbrreU MercantU, of Bio Janeiro, to the 8th of February.Taw news from Buenos Ayres is interesting. The Com mercial Time* observes that the beneficial effects of thehow far out of the way it is; Effle knew the way better and I told him she had gone to the fair, and then he said, fluence the action of the Convention. At all events, within than I did; she had been there with Mr. John W. Harris; "I think going oncn to th« fair is enough;" (she h a t been tbe next two weeks w e may expect a solution of the ques- if Effle went to Mr. Shaw's and staid there all night, going once b, fore that); he didn't seem to be mad Because tion, and the chances are still in favor of a change.she concealed it from me; she concealed also informafonple of Texas, having just escaped from one tyranny exer- landing somewhere on t h e lower coast, at or Boar tat mouth of the Medelin river, whence he could easily coscised under the name of "liberty," were very careful to municate with Miramon's camp. H e would not ro k epanei of the 10th November have combined to manifest Holmes; don't know that she tried to plelge or pawn tne themselves very conspicuously during the past month: piano, or that Shaw bought the piano and leftTbe argentine Confederation being re-formed,says thesame paper, there seems every probability thatat last con-stitutional government will prevail. General Urquiza isnow the only nun left who has power of himself to rule;his term of office is nearly out, His successor, whether hebe Fragueiro or Derqui, will be a man without any such I ever lived la, In this State, was JosepU external aids to his authority as are possessed by the Ellis'; boarded him previously; I stated oa last trial4 Rheumatism 3 Scrofula1 is now at work, paralyzing the arm of the execu- Tbe American vessels were anchored under tbe a"" 1 tive, and at but, Texas is compelled to give directly before the town. Tne rest are at Sacnflciaa.4 MISSIONS TO HinAMON.6 herself that protection which was guaranteed ber Immediately upon tbe arrival of Miramon before m1 by tbe compact of annexation. This free negro dty, Captain Anldman, of tbe Valorous, thj French «n1 2John Wyatt and myself and another; tbe flrst house P r e s i d e n t o f t o - d a y . H e w i l l r u l e o n l y b y t h e a u t h o r i t y t h a t m y h u s b a n d l i v e d w i t h m e i n B r o o k l y n ; n e v e rdid not bear any conversation concerning where they Diphtheritewere to live after getting marneJ; Mr. Shaw came to see Dropsyme imcc ai'oiii Miss Efha, shortly after she sued htm; I Dropsy in the head18 11 14SmallpoxTeethingUlceration of bowelsof the notesfrom me; have heard that she deniel theexecution of the notes, but this was after this suit wascommenced; never heard that she denied signing them toBr. Hannegan or Mr Harris; regarding the piano, Mr.Shaw never presentad me a receipt to sign for the piano, nordidItellhimthatIwouldnotinterfereinmysister'saffairs, and I refused to sign it; be never presented m -, get marrtfd. such a paper; never saw such a paper; don't koo* tlutcoloredpersons,8 DEATHS m o x aiwor.cTg orasass.the plaintiff told anybody that the piano Oelonged to Fred.trade Is rapidly reviving, and the state of the markets in it there at plaintiff's instance, and that defend stayed in the ho ise; she said no; I told her I was going to Aneurism of the aorta.... 1 Fever, typhoidgeneral is such as to warrant the most sanguine anticipa- aiaos for the future. Money is plentiful, and the rate of interest continues low, which has a most stimulating effect upon the local trade. The seesm is not one of great com- mercial activity in all branches, yet transactions have been on a very considerable scale. At the same time the aspect of political affairs is m ire encouraging {than it h u been for many years back, and hopes, apparently well grounded. are entertained that the compact of Sin Joseleave; she asked me what for; I told her tbe work was Angina too bard; she told me to stay with Mrs. Seaman until she Apoplexy should come back, as she intended to go away for a mouth; BleedingMr. Irving: that was where John Bray lired; knew Dr. Ober; he lived at Irvine's; Mr. Bray live J there too; part of bis family lived there, and one of his children, making it a Bleeping place for them; hts oldest was eigrueon. I think Bray's wife was in another bouse across the road;she beard I was going to get married, and asked me if Bronchitis that was my beau; I said no; she would not beUeve me; CancersrUl be the first act of a series which shall bind the dis- don't know that Irvine waa there; the time I went I do up stairs work; I asked her who she wasaatsod argentine provinces inks one nation, inaugurating a stayed out all night; came back with Mr. Bray; htve foing to marry—whether sho was going to be marrielnew system of government, in which the wishes and inte- been to the Lak» House with Mr. Bray: returned with to Mr. Homes; she said no, but that she was going torests of the people shall be primarily consulted, to tbe ex- him; Kflie was there; never knew Mr. Slackman to take marry a richer man than Mr. Horn's was, ahe asked meCongestion of the longs... 7 Lungs, disease of1 the unoffending people of Texas into the Kansas difficulty. tbe Savannah. Capt Jarvtt; Saratoga, Capt. Tamer 1 On account of " bleeding Kansas," the black republican tbe Preble, late arrived from Aspinwali.clusion of those pergonal aims and objects which have BBBherto rendered their free institutions a mere mockery and a by-word among nations of less liberal ideas.whom 1 thought she would rattier have, one of the men Of the houBe, or Mr. Shaw; I asked ber if she was going to marry the old gentleman who came to the door awhileshe was gone; be also gave me some fruit, saying, "There is some fruit for Miss Effle—I am sorry I haven't way for you" (wttneea); wben Miss Effle came home I told her a gentleman bad been 11 seo b'>r, but I did not know his name, an- co lid not, therefore, mention it; he askel me if 1 was going to gut married; he said I ought not to get married;besaid MIESEilie tollhim thatIwasgoingtoW e e k l y R e p o r t o f D e a t h sin the dty snd county of New Tor*, from the 10th day of March to the 17th day of March, I860.Men, 82; women, 74; boys, 134; girls, 13S—Total,-421 Adults, 156; children, 270; males, 216; females, 210;provide, beyond tbe shadow of a doubt, against future dangers in their new relations with another republic Texas made several stipulations, amongst others the fol- low ing :—Texastoretain theeminent right ofdomainandher territorial limits Intact.Texas to have the right of creating from her territory two or more slave States.The frontiers of Texas to be defended against the Incur- eions of savage Indians, and equally savage Mexican mur-Sacrmictos.General Marin had on board a Urge quantity of asmUon, stores a n d provisions; also, twelve twenty-to pounders. It was believed mat several other TUSKSaw tailed from Havana on the same mission. A well sen schooner is known to have sailed on the 16thIntbemeantime,thegovernmentatVeraCruiwna tbe lookout for this expedition. A battery bad beet pen ed at themouth of the Medelin river, and aix or awn gunboats were stationed all along down the coeat teste cept i t These gunboats are schooner rigged, and any each a sixty-four pound gun.THB 8TEAM5HIP INDIANOLA.The steamship lndianota, Capt. Flanders, arrival MaAbceesQ Did you have any conversation with the plaintiff Albuminaria and Bright's Fever, hecticabout her going to be married to Mr. Shaw? disease of kidneys. S Fever, puerperal A. 1asked Miss Effin onoe if tha' gentleman (Mr. Shaw) Aneurism 1 Fever, scarlet1 1 360 8 8ant took away the piano as soon as he heardMis* Chrttanjf was trying to pawn his property; neverspent any time out in the country at the house of a youngman or a widower; never went with Kill* to tbe house of a yoong man came to see me next morning, and she said Bleeding from lungs2 Fever,typhus8 Heart, disease of.7 derers.she said I should not g<t married, but stay with her, as she was going to get married iu about two months; that she was going to get me to live with her and1 Inflammation of heart... 11 Inflammation of liver 13 Inflammation of lungs.... 221 Inflammation of stomach. 6 fifty millions. In the meanwhile the " black and brutal" Gen. Goicouria remains with ber.1 Inflammation of throat... 1 progress of Wm. H. Be sard's free negro policy dragged WAR VESSELS AT VBSU CBtT5.Effle out or bring her back from the Lake House; kuewJohn Wyatt; be has called to the house; ion't rememb -rMr. Blackman's bringing Effle in and Mr. Wyau bringmgme in after night from the Lake House; this waa lu 1851 • ago; 1 thought ahe was going to marry |Mr Hogaes; but Convulsions, infantile....84 Measlescame here first in i860; Mr. Wyatt has never gallanted she said she would rather have Mr Shaw; forgot ••hethar Croupme around alone; knew Mr. John P. Blakey; met him at that was before or afUr Mr Shaw spoke to mo about my Debility,adult Mr. Bray's; don't know Capt OonsaH; don't know that Mr. not getting married; I aever heard Mr. Shaw' say any Debility, infantile Blackman ever brought Effle back In a buggy with thing himself about tia going to be married to M*ss Eilie; Diarrhoea.16 Palsy4 Perforation ot intestines.. 1 and destroy with impunity. The same baneful influence sailed from Havana but a few days agoinvested in b m by tbe votes of tbe nation. Thus he mustruleaccordingtolaw;mustconsulthewillofthepeople withmyhusbandtill1846or1847;mymother hadbeen thinkhehadf<-uodmybrotheratmv mother's}besaidpolicy promises to be finally finished by the election ofablackrepublican President, upon thedistinctissueof undertheirprotection. Theresultoftheinterview•atkept boose in New York city; was married in 1840; livedcame with my orotber, who ts about flftoeo years of age;bis intentions in reference to the peopertr andat large, instead of carrying out his own private opinions.Infact,tbewilloftbepeoplewillinrealitygovernthena-Hon. instead of, as heretofore, that of some successfulleader. Thus the prospects of these States, politically,were never so encouraging as at present, aid, as the Seaman, lived next door to us in 8rooklyo, and i«rt Dot kr.ou that my memory wa» any better then tuaa it ts Burned or scalded. fete war most distinctly proved, the people are tiredot Brooklyn in 1847; we lived part of the tiue at his fami now; Mr Shaw; when be came t<>see me, asked mo if I Casualtiestghtisg We may now look forward in confidence to a ly's, and part of the time at mine; my husband aul my- j knrw auythini! bad about Eilie; I toid him I did not; be Casualty by railroad.397married before marrying my faiher; had chilo/eu; OD> of themiinowliving,namedJeremiahBennett;rataer **s a widower when married to my m.ither; hai several chilcr*.a; Mrs. Geroddeth is one of them; my aunt, Mrs.M>*f> Effle had sot <i bim for $»,0'Hi and askei a e if I did notth"icthatagood0eit;also,sskrdmewhat I knew about Mt«s Mile; 1forgut moist of his qunftti >ns; remember tha* my testimony was takec at M~ Sareve'g oiliv; doAtphyxietPON CLIMATE OR SEASON1 Fracture of the leg"No more slave States." Thus will have been violated everysinglearticle ofthecontractbytheUnited-States with Texas, and that too at the demands of the free ne- gro party, led on by Wm. H. Seward.*Where all this will end no one can see. But you may . . 4 rely upon It that tbe feeling in Texas Is so strong thatknownCaptain Turner, of the Saratoga, had also goat « •tbe camp with tbe same objed on behalf of ea citizens He had not relumed wben Lieutenant QuwleftACTION OP THB UNITED STATES OFF1C1E8.Captain Jarvw, of tbe sloop of war Savannah aw m« senior United States officer at Vera Cruz. B»t*e>a as. however, and tbe other officers and whole gquadrta, a deed, there waa a general agreement in opinisa.w a s t b « n l l v t n g o n F r a n k l i n a v e n u e a t M r a C r o s i e r s ; h eD y s e n t e r y Epilepsy Erysipelas8 U l c e r a t i o n o f n e c k 1 Unknown3m e n d e r , a n d o t h e r s v i s i t e d b i m u h i s c a m p , w> iQ In the conversation which you had with Miss Efflehimself..29 great deal, to calm down the rising inllguaUon If Miramon does not give full and sufficient roarttasA. She sail Mr. Sha« bad told her to try ami keep me; hedid not come tij Bee mn a second time; I know Mrs Mush- Bones, Joints, &c. ermap, also Mrs Krotchbar; she came to me the next day Brain and nerves after Mr. Shaw bad come to ow; she said she wen snot by Generative organsfor tbe protection of American citizens snd propertja*:self vtmt much dunag the time, she was busy allthe time about the house.67 60 to 60 years..7223 70to 80years.. a a a • • a •8 80to 90 years.. 13 90 to 10019 Unknown 1248 Total NATTr i m e .1 Italy1 United States... 2276 West Indiesopen to h m, and that givi s him a gulf port He efil * content with that, and return to take care of hu nnra» In Mexico. four Havana exchanges, however, are conosttt b » opinion tbat Miramon will lake the dty. The Dternnn it baa private adTicea tbat the expedition namMtiM to 8,000 men, and that It is very strongly topponK^ artillery.DISPATCHES FOR WASHINGTONDent. Carter brought up dispatches for the departs**! at Washington, which were seat on from Harass If*"Moses TayW, and bare doobilees, ere this, reeshai capital. This gentlemen of the Legation aad Coawin were all in good bealtn and full of eoofldaoee,« air a American citizens generally Bat little property bad'" placed under their protection."Knights of the Golden Circle," just now engrosses theattention of (he public mind in this section. That theOrder should attract such notice is the natural result ofits extended and perfect organization, its vast and in-creasing resources, and the number of men of wealthand character who, in this and neighboring States, avow of tbe liberal party, as also yueretero, whisk lauwCross examined— Remember a visit of the Wtlkras girlsthree hundred delegates, on t-*rm«, w e are assured, satis- factorytotheparliesinterested;butourlandlordsdonot consider themselves able or obligated to tender the same assurances for an unlimited number of visiters or for any not officially connected with the Convention 'Any attempt on the part of Spain or any other E tropeanpower to interfere hithe struggle between the factionswill precipitate the departure of the K G. C's. Tne pe- toilet) from this pleee, and will astabisti bis a* 'ttoutookplaceinU*prioeof veal,pork aulmuTtouA smallMofbeevesfromNorthCarolinawasnotboarhfESTIMATED LOSSSa, ETC.James Robertson, saloon, loss *K,0J0; no insurance.family who may settle on the public domain, and cultivatesaid farm for a period of five years. The colleague of M rNicholsonisMr.AndrewJohnson,whoseclaimtothepa-ternity of this Homestead project cannot be very safelycontested. Mr. Nicholson opens the debate, in order thatbis colleague may reserve himself to answer some of tbestrong speeches which will unquestionably b e madeagainst the bill There are symptoms of n long sad ex-hausting debate on tbe subject, bat there are also symp- Official Account of tbe rVaTal toms that tbe complete success of the scheme can only beonce, and forthwith take up his claim and squat on it, and at tbe end of bis live years probation take oat his title of citizenship, snd his fee simple to bis farm on the sameNew ORuuira, March 1,1860. Jfesfee and Texat—Oot. Houston Head* theCarstang ever stayed all sight at Mr. Shaw's house, in Am living on Fourteenth strest, with Mrs. Loath, for our Territories, and develope them into new anti-slavery nio. Texas is about to invade Mexico, and once the noto- fort was to be blown up on Miramon's approach aa* a,merlylivedwithMrs.Seaman;livedwithbermorethan States,ofthe Kansas pattern, thus completely,in thathewastoenterthedty,uniertheprotectionofkm town nor In the country either; don't know that she h a l once; the flrst time I stayed with ber three months; this a short term of years, overshadowing the South, rious Americans cross the Rio Grande, who can stay the teriee to be erected between the gulf and ceateWy T• year be has defiantly held In prison Santiago Caostatt, a room at bis house in town; don't think it likely that she was two years ago last July; tho 6th of April, afterwards. perhaps in the proportion of twenty four or revolution? The United States government having failed vaido's principal fellow conspirators w»re Lieut rw «."an Enaish subject, and to release him Lord John Ras- would have had one without my knowing it. » seuTprotosts have been regarded as little as Consul Hen Q. Did she have a room oat of town, as stated In Par- derton a remonstrances. An English fleet » manned for son Homes' speech?the Parana, and tbe Paraguayan steamer Tacuari is chased,Witness continued—Miss C. might have staid out atTower Grove one night without my knowing it; she hasbeen away from the house one or two nlga'a; has about es well as I do English; was occupied as a servant; pleats that the balk, if not all the present Territories ofI went to her a second time; this, I think, was the second twenty-five free States against sixteeen or seventeen to do its duty long since to Texas, through the fanatical quivel and Capt. Joaquin Gomez. How many vert ia Z April after I bad lett her; the second time stayed with slave States. These Southern objections will sufficiently secret is not fully known. Some thirty were amatoiaad her six months; have been examined before; wan then account for tbe sharply defined sectional division of the opposition ot tbe free soil black republican party in banished from the city. Most of them were stuppada,the Spanish steamer Mexico. The head of the ooesutnn was condemned to Tour years imprisonment. i r W was not shot we are not informed.the United States, will in any event be occupied by freewhite labor, and converted into free States, and that it isueelesstoattempt topreventIt,while,ontheother handthe general wealth added to the country will a thousandfold compenfate the treasury and all sections for the sur-render of the public domain, in free farms, to actual set-tlers. TheSenate willtakeitstime inthediscussionofthe measure, and possibly may not come to a final vote confederacy upon specific terms of contract, having won abandoned d t y w e have no intelligence. We prtsasapassage of the bill In that body. Mr. Nicholson, however,upon it this tide the Democratic National Convention ber own independence after seoedmg from tbe Mexican With regard to the Convention, while the pressure for a republic, Sam Houston being the leader of that disunionhowever, that as at Vera Cruz, there was a general fb|fcTEX SPANISH CO-OPERATING IXPXDmOl.The expedition which saiie 1 from Havanaon the r?iLchange of the place from Charleston to Baltimore continues,movement It was Catholic bigotry and Spanish hatredConsumption... Convulsions, adult64 Marasmus, adult1 Marasmus, Infantile19party withheld the necessary military supplies for the Of English vessels there was but one, the screw nan8& 6Longs, throat, ho 146birth.Stomach, bowels andetherdigestive organs.. 63 Uncertain seat and gene-carry the war into Mexico, and place himself at the headof the movement, and thus seek to divert public attentionfrom tbe free negro policy of Seward. It is to be hopedbewillsucceed. Butifhefailsinthis,andtbeblackre-publican President is elected, Texas, considering her plaincontract thus gratuitously violated, will resent these In-tuits. She did it once In the case of Mexico, and she willdo it again in tbe contemplated tyranny of Seward's free Cruz, in any case, will make a successful deteaoadoes not think, Indeed, toai Miramon will risk aa a negro policy. "As an independent republic we came into of the city or even p'aut a battery. Altera*) b V" I M »*"sees*•*• a e a a e e e e e e81 12 2Hooping cough Hyperthrophy of heart.. 1 Inflammation of bowels.. 9 Inflammation of brain.... 9The first act of General Taylor's administration, insti- Vera Cruz on the 29th. She was greeted with tht nan est enthusiasm. As is well known, ahe carried eon igatedbyWm.H.Seward, wastoseizeuponSantaFe,to Urgequantityofstoresaniammunition Shebatas* defiance of tbe protest of Texas. The providential death ed into an engagement with the Juarez governoaeet, sal of General Taylor restored peace. A compromise followed; will not return till the result of the expedition is tern2 62ralfevers Unknown1 Fatty liverTotalDEATHSFBOHEXTERNALANDOTHER CACSESKOI DsraxDura3 Intemperance 2 Loskjaw1 Oldage1 1 l . 2EKCArrrcLAnoii—DISEASES CLASSED.2 Stillborn and prematureeae.6 *« *••• a a a . 2 a f l t a a a• MHitiiMititMit• W a e e e e e e a e a s e e s a a a aVaeee eeeeeeeeea aaa•aaa.2•*ea*oee**ee*eee Id • >•a• aaaa eeaaeeeeae aaa.13 J>w aaeeeoeeeeaaee 10 "•aaeaaa*eeaeaaaaaaaaa.21a>TM"aee••eeae*>a*••aaaaaa38a a a a e e e e e o e e o e a a a .16.17 *•'••«••» »*a* aeae a• e• aaaa 3 Je e e e e e e e e a *Total.. • • • a e e e e *.18Ma aeeeeaee* aeaeSI•a* aaaeaaaeeeaaea *•••»itlitiitl sees• a • • e e •• •ee ee en **»' I M M'ch17,1860..{ „ l Mexternal causes, ho. 35 , ^£Sjt?diMMeaV-897external causes, he. 2 9 .'........'.. BSat Medelha Yesterday be undertook to costwilb bis allies, one of tbe Spanish men of war atetas, but was defeated in bta attempt He «*•** advancedguardofabout809men,andhis«**" nowlhattbe900troopsabo»-alluded tonew••* off,onlyamounttoabout3,200menofailare*J ^ a prdillon d Miramon is badly planned, and like • willbeacomplotofailure;tibaslioengjtteso#ent upon too many coBtuntends, which, by tsei almost any one of ibeaa. be ts ruuea.It seems lhat he bas e »nie to alvance with Uonofgettinginoorumuatcttion withb»Oan who Is expected every m<mtent at Anton Law**J.B.Gallagher,drygoois, ho.,$32,060;insurance iuit,thatitwillprovesuccessful TheydeclareItwillbe penisthatbecamedownsh'trtofP^o,1,l0•,'^thalalltbie forerunner of the liberty of Q. Where did she live r A m New York; in the sity. Uon, tbe leading butchers a-c of the opinion that in.**.* $1,600. only a running fight. and that the campaign will not last upon Com. Marin for supplies My own odfta^ cpeople of the whole West Indies will unite In making the tribute of aOection a worthy and profitable one. Already theyhaveratednearly$1,000.State of Mitkmri, County ey* St. Loni*. aa—Marv H Hewueu, plainit,wakeeoaieandsayethatthefaetsStatedIuthepett- Heuaretruetothebestofherkoowiedgeanibelief;anltb,trity , couW, in a very few days, canvass our d welling* and private boarding houses, and report a listo.* those who wouldr*oetvedelegates.cuniary resources of tbe order are on a scale proportion- ate to the number of its members. In tbe State of T«xea alone no less than Jour hundred and ninety eight thousand dollarshave beencontributedand a divisionoftwenty- fivehundredmenhavebeenarmedandequippedbetHes.The number of K G. C. 's now in this city is about 2,200 men. Tbecompaniesarecomposedoffinek»kiogyoung men,meetlybetweenibeagesottwentyeveandthirty, apd tbeir drill is said to be excellent. Tbe c >tnm'«sariat is in charge of a number of gentlemen of exjMrtettco and means. Whatastonishesmemostinthemovementit the perfect confidence evinced sy everybody cjnoeroeltof ow'mwt constant wishes.'' A t 4*. Do you remember aver charging your husband with of there being a scarcity during the meeting ofiUwCm E. L Bremond, groceries, h a , loss$30,000; no insur- BSX months. Of course there are a great many whose Maim will (all Into the trap which is axmi baax"-mania Mat its nooms.A late of Sanson resells has been established between Liverpool and Port an Prince, and at last si vices the firstvessel was anxiously expected.names and influence are enlisted in the enterprise, but who have no Idea ef aflornnpanylng the expelitton. Y et the K. ii. C 's expect to hurl a sufficient force upon Mira-'sotse of Mh^seoo s scouts have already a * * ^ peararce on the medaooe (sand bslls). » raoaear*, atroDgbotd, b u t o n tbe tally of wome of tho «••"•adultery with Jane HamUt» and divers o n e - women, to you unknownrMajor Wright objected; objection sustained.Judge Lackland presented witness with tne origlut) bill. Q la the charge therein ttated of adultery W.th JaneBfp'T^fn and other true t A. Y es. Q.DoyouthinkitpossibleyoucouldbringsuehagraveveniioD, it Is more than probable that tin market will h . glutted and prices not range higher than SKetniTfoJ prime beef. A large number of drovers hnve braidedance.IX M. Cotter, dry goods,$30,000; insurance unknown.J. S. TeA, boohs, h o , $16,000; insurance $10,000.W. A. Van Alatyne, lois $20,000;fally insured.A policeman, named Foley, was shot and instantly nion's army te overwhelm htm at ones. A great deal of the city, tbey retired from our sight ^examplnefstrictjostle whkm'bVrecea^dUpiayeJia" the conspirators against his chargeagamut your husband and n^tretnamber n hare gisiature of Pennsylvania occurred on a motion to remiVekilled, by a man named Flake. Flake is la custoJy. 8.Meyer,Honorendsegars,$12,0G0;partlyinsured. Hulgpetb's eating house, $2,600.F. Banna,jeweler, loss $4,000; no Insurance. H.Fleishman,clothing,$6,000:insurance$2,800.A. D. McQowan, drug etore, $3,000: insurance $3,000. A. J. Hay, drug store, $15,000; insuratce $10,000.9- £ G£*e*y/lesi $8,000; Insurance $3,000.J. H. Evans, furnishing gxvis. $io,000; insured in full. J. E. Clute, sewing machines, loss $5,000. N o inaur-anoe. R.DowHsg,saloon,loss5,000;insurance$1,600.enthusiasm was created the other day by the arrival of alargeequalfromMarylandandVirginia ItMsaidtbey Afallconfidencepervadestbetroopsber*,•* have a number of recruitt from Harper's Ferry, cerabUity d tbe city. tbay are ea*er to raooi" •*APUACTKUI.LaxusLaxon—anamusingsceneinthat*.Untitled Document464 Decrease... M1 Mfa" "r* ^i!?»--—* °"»«« M'ch 10. I860 i Deaths f««» «hsolate disease.. .474«££ aaeaaee XI 21 % *803 6 18— " • * - " e a J ** ~ — i ~ * * , T " a r ~ ' i " i r ~ i r ~ n ~ u ~ i _ r u iTHE SIEGE OF YERi CRUZ.« S »E n g a g e m e n t .CONDITION OP TBHA CBt7X_C0N8FntACar DISCO! FLIGHT OF TH1 ITtOPLI.of siefo, martial law bad been proclaimed. TOe rarrtaa slept nightly open their arms in the publi: plana. TW people—men, women and children—had fled te every * rectkm. to Medelin, to Tlataupoa, Twspaw and all iha. the coart in tbe'Interior. welUatruosver each faau thought best Only tbe soldiery, sad those who w 5 totakeparttethedefenceotthecity,wercWftTS. numberedsomeSCOOto4000men—wereallIntbebau>r •pints. "***.War BetmtnPeople of Itxat— Feeling Throughout the State—The Te*»fThe city was well supplied with arms aadasanaaaan.Cancer of the neckCancer of the wombCholera infantumCholera morbusCirrhosis of the liverCongestion of the brain... 4 Inflammation of womb... 1 There were three United States vessels at VeraShe had been properly mounted, and would tow thtrav Texas obtained ten million dollars for territory worth boats into action In case the expedition was intwotaai4 Texas frontier, and the ravages were allowed to kill, burn er Valorous, and but one Frenchman, a brig There «s* 3 also two Spanish vessels in port: two otneis,(raaw,He can do a great deal, and Is doing aof tbe State. He will, without doubt, act with energy, the American Hag, marines will be landed rhetor*K » i * «»» Uilksdc u m e T w n T m " } V i h T S S e K , *believed the trains, a r t u w ^ ^ ^ o . i t S • »nah can spare some too, the Saratoga 180. aad tbt Pne* 120—upwards of 600 In all, and all armed with the ana rifle.tal Is now occupied by 2,100 liberal troops, unler AuaftJ The cay of Mexico is now sfongly threatened A *days since there was a skirmish between a party *l i b e r a l s o n t b e o n e t i d e a n d a b o u t t h e s a m e n u m b e r of actionaries,nearthecity,inwhichthelattera*^ pieces of artillery and were dri ren to the very thecity. _By the Span*b steamship Mexico, from H*r»at.*ut off tli* communication of Miramon with Mextft Miramon is no« at tbe Tejeria, three lea,'** omas309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ThM. Trykiwww.fultonhistory.comnis 