 of publicily peril to theto take ground (be nation from fve to the breeze the subscribers to suppose that Ic dangers b&yo i'o the Preaidoa-just whatwas 3d scarcely add n to the twenty-cpressry to coun-ToBK TRtBUKE.>n t h e s e 9 3 a m p a , itiary will doubt- e only use thera %on the class ofice of party, l a eiiy false one; the insidious, irty' or faction, "effectively f o rith a parade ofjournalistswho 2 'irtiality; a n d lettered. Coat-to- be squarely which be would genuine no-partyhandkerchief in. ?r.rtily what b e 2d see- saw when,arty and f&ifch- one who is affairs i s rtaUyI possible to those fraction renders >rtant ixoU andit well-be'tng—U Its utter-iled. It is the idin—not of one [nki and believes,cuff here and a •re, dealing out as nice propor-reader as puz- the editor's real main points a t30s to the self- a radically false a party journal. hat be must or I? done orat- >le behoof of hisregis is invoked by no other and knows that aexposing a n d |e.<oyandabase be*| who saves ^n blind advocacy in the name1 city t o discern, t'deservmgof ap- )r>efor ajust and |iplesand a hearty71 >le, the side o f1patitt©of the wound icflictcd,. aad tie made in wMo&..y.pu in.- fllr.ted it, clearlv sho-w that yon intended to take hii life. Your :;rr eight Thousand Votes have now been polled. Of oooxueltaitMuDy niged all the matters in your defense which oould be dose. T h e Jury nave you a patient hearing, and hare properly found you guilty c f marder. T h e forfeiture o f yourof Mexico, and the confiscation- of their property by Miramcn. . f ,,? •'•' Mi. STEVENS (Dem.), the Delegate from Wash- ington,xepoiUdaresolution,whichwasadopted,call- ing on the Secretary of State for Mr. Crosby^sj ac- count of the facts and circumstances connected withWm-YOSK LE&ISLATUEB. ^.^ SENATE....3ALBANY,April6,I860.:FROM WASHINGTON?~-£.justified enmmaryjpunishment, yet, all law-abiding £ pe^OTS|^| rejoice tbat t b e ^ ) ^ w | ^ d a l ooffi-Votion to 3ns *ecfc-~>•••.•'«'• » .teemoogh about the end their meetings, override the will of uhie of holding theoU. ? This t h e lo. and what is this » rights of Chris-....is sect, or rather, n • ke an appeal to'» r/- in thejtnanage- B neficent Associ- are not outsiders, ites, nor invading 33 oers of those As-moneyintotheir ^ right t o vote in, of question. N o" if they do notto which they be- ;vhy should they b e meetings? *' Care How do yon d*e- sinall rural congre- r 3400 a year, and fy potatoes, doesn't-and welfare of theetv o f which somewas hud up, but finally recovered-As the theologico-commerciai JournalGeo H . Kitchen, salary as inspector L*Kl»lative praying.o fgasmetershis unfinished gesture, and go on with his outline sketch of the black " twin."The most conspicuous of the patriarchs who rushed t o t h e vindication o f their ebony darling, were, in addition to Mr. Pryor, Messrs. Barksdale, Burnett, a n d Crawford. I f injustice is done b y>urneyingfrombi» sito attend the An- ±it$50topayfor le books, or fit h is refuBy saving every hat came intohis :c that end. Kay SnowsnoonewiH- it a world-wide a#- vi of premise is ourms for keeping the ns in the hands of iireir meetings, but *ry, we believe that • greater pablicity, ed to their manage- ffcion of long-biddenknew that others concede their right dtfeemwostaken; •1 rapt or dishonest* to allow votes by ious or charitablevox i t s f o c u s a * t o b e"hough w e do notnot w^ontogej'*;o/nirtable7" and the}. measujf%4by The [g^race'anyportionthat portion which u* should be a t lib- ra W*&>BSB£%X6of :d w e do not Intendaii^andxeerSmiaa- ataole. Thl^lvote>. am /".* -John Crimmins. At the outset, it went out of its tion to what has already been publiuhed, that the Lib- close without obtaining any later advices from HalifaxDepartment the Bureau of Markets and Assessments, should not abuse the black relic; nor the Round-and to give t h e members o f the Common Council aealary of $1,000 per annom each. The bill w as re- heads, with Potter as their organ, who wero under which Cant. Turner held himself justified induty,have exceeded Five Thousand;- yet over Eighty- |^3 teQarse, Three Thousand of these must have beenI•wao refen-edto the Committee on Commerce, author- Mr. PROSSBR opposed the motion to concur, i Mr. SESSIONS supported t h e motion, and made a>'J -some o f the Cabicet will have t h e opportunity of of the Alexandrian's friends accompanied him to enlightening this Committee with their experienceirfEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUME, SATURDAY, APRIL 7, 1860.' «!theIBtinWLwhen'tST-tbe-'evidenceft*the case i fresh before him, a t the solemn moment whenThe private'calenaarWas takeuup. ! l.".'.• i rgrew weary, and shouted " Order !" till h e grew hoarse. I n despair, he eummened the Sergeant-at-wealth and the plunder that awaits the adventurers that may crc*s the frontier to consummate the work ho has initiated before Vera-Croz; but we cannot believe that the-people North or South will so fax forget their duty to the nation and to each other as to sanction pro- ceedirgs, the-only possible end of which to us as a free people must b e disaster a n d disgrace. Within o u r•'<crimo for which yon •too*«,yoQ arm«d/It is a matter of comment that the Anti-Polygamy bil>,whichnassedtheHouseyesterday,excepts'••the District of Columbia from its operation, so far as mar-^ ° ~Of course, band} u>g contradictions avails nothing.UJhe strolEDg preacher who discovered t h e stolenwatch affords a hint for detecting the real culprit. from the punithment to wh'uh you are to be icntenced. The fre- quency of crime* in thin city, and esp'dally of murder, whichthe occupation of the Island of San Jnan. jMr. BARR (Dew., N. Y.) introducad a bill, which the Chenango extension and the long locks."W ASHINGTON, April 5, i860.Freedom of speech, on the Eepublican side of the AS inthe House, at all times and at aH fca^&diMgftr*.r< •A watch was stolen in the press of the throng to hear him, and *he heaTd of it jast as he was going into church. H e stooped, picked up a convenient chunk ofastone, butsaid nothing. ODCC in the pulpit, he opened the subject thus: " My hearers!hat become to common here, catltfor amore efficient administra- tion of lata, and for more certai-nty in punithment, to deter othertT h e Houseitself into-certain paper when required t o d o mittee. "so by the Com- '$•'•the left hand o f t h e Chair, and a t a remote point our Board of Selectmen in each town, can admit.any•try to dieembrain each other with pistol-shots, and George W . Baker of Philadelphia, editor of Mr. WELLS (Rep., N. Y.), holding proof slips in his Mr. CALLICOT, from the Judiciary Committee, these failing, to disembowel each other with knives, The Pennsylvanian'y was before Mr. Covode's Com- hand, bej?au to speak. reported complete the Senate bill to incorporate the• ••.office in the building, why his name was not enteredin the daily register likethose of other clerks, or howit came to be omitted from the Blue Book. He admit-energy which would enable him to advocate the cuU3e of man before this auguf ^tribunal of the people, and while arguing against Slavery, said the corner-stone of our Government is the equality of all men. The revival of the African slave trade is necessary to the continu- ance o f Slavery, a s t h e Southern Abolitionists a r eFrom Oor Ovm Correspondent. .ALBANY, Friday, April 6, 18G0.THE SUI'PLT BILL.The Supply bill was placed on the files of members.•/Mr. HOLMAN (Dem., Ind.) thought nothing more ridiculous than these proceedings.Mr. STOUT (Dem , Oregon) wished to show by tho record thatthofio who at an'earl!er period voted against an adjournment had retired. ,Mr. SCOTT (Dem., Cal.) moved n call of the House pending which> adjourned., . » - — ; — j .An American Ship Fired At.W ASHINGTON, Fridav, April 6, 1860.Thk New-Orleans Picayune of Tuesday says that Capt. Swasey of the ship Mosconomo, from Liverpool, repoits that, on the 8th of March, while he was pass- ing off Cuba, he was chaeed and tired at by a war-:•Bogus. frauds.One of the parties profited largely by the«e Who doubts which one ? "life, for the sake of ^ratifyirg the feeling of patsion andxevenjre with which yon were actuated, is a dear sacrifice forso t>ivial a purpose. But the act i c ono that cannot now b erecalled. jYour victim has been numbered with the dead, andthe law condemns you to the same fa'* whloh has befallen "him.The Jury have recorx-mended y o u t o mercy, and that recom-mendationwillbesenttotheGovernorofthisState. ButIcunnot >ay anything to induce you to entertain any hope* of eKO.pt izing the formation of a company for the improvement spirited speech, in which' he severely denounced jthe** a w a t c h h a s j u s t l x * n s t o l e n , a n d t h e t h i e f i smarbie colomns for the Capitol extension, and whethert h e l a t e a c t i o n o f t h e W a r D e p a r t m e n t i s l e g a l a n d s o n . H e d e c l a r e d t h a t t h e m a j o r i t y s h o u l d n o l o n g e r• ' k i HARTFORl>,^Ap>a! 5, 186<»."the ground "to see fair play." These Louisianians were " armed," of course. Twenty armed Missis- sippians were on the other side. These were sev-durirg'the Lecbmpton struggle.THE VISIT O F THE HON. JOHN BELL.John Bell's recent visit here had no connection whatever with political movements, direcct or in- direct, but was confined strictly to private affairs, for which he was summoned. A ll speculations to the contrary are wholly unauthorized, according to the statements o f MB best-informed friends.THE ADMINISTRATION CORRUPTIONS.In the ardor of h is argument, Lovejoy was a p -proaching t h e line which divides the Kepublicanfrom theDemocratic side of the Chamber. Hewas uttering severe philippics .against Slavery a s asystem. He was indorsing and explaining and en-forcing Jchn Wesley's declaration, that it is " t h e of 50 absentees, and dead Irishmen. They bring up 501I 11m1m•aw\!s• i * (1i! I il!erallyrangedbehiid bightst h e"" spectators, and a steamer in the river rounded- •'to, i t s decks black with passengers, watching " with deep interest the scene." Thus, we learn that a duel, in which the combatants were first toBeholdt h eo fMr. SnERMAN (Rep., Ohio) moved to go into 1cud hereupon cried " foul play," and shot the Lou-killed t h e slayer o f his principal.- T h e surgeons now crossed blades, while with loud battle-criea came on the two parties of friends, the light of com- bat in their eyes. I n a moment, the epic informs us, the whole number were engaged in a terrible conflict; blades and bullets gleaming and whizzing. There was a horrible slaughter, but the number*ofthe Treasury Department, furnishing abundant security, for public stores, a t twelve per cent less thantheywereawardedtoMr.Matherandhis floor. partners, of Willett's Point, Fort Snelling, andto a third reading. It is but fair to say tbat the largePryor made no remark.*killed is not given by our pious cotemporary. W e \ learn, however, that Colonel Bowie fought lion-n>»i»dcr cunciit Uic&l year, $40,CG0.Deficit in BppropilBtion of expenien for public office*.... Deficit in stationery for public office*) and Clerks o f Son-ate and AssemblyDeficit In appropriation for dintributini; Session laws . . . ..., ___w_ . Deficit in rcp-iii* and expenses o f Capitol.Deficit in repairs and expenses o f Stata* Hall4,4758,000 2,000 2,500 3,5001 ,5 0 0 600 5,000 2,000 13,500 20,000 8,0001 ,0 0 0 500 .2,500Our Legislature will probably, this Spring, passlawi rupted by patriarch Pryor, a n d seemingly waiting rettricting the certificate voting, and demanding regis-tobepullednearly >.'i-wise,andfeBcoveredwithwounds,andformonthsStatements have b'een received from Charlestonby the State Department concerning t h e recent rules, tho roll of tho members was called.for the tumult to subside, so that he could complete tration oi voters some days before election. In the...capture of the brig Jehossee, on the Coast of Afric v by the British sloop-of-war Falcon, under suspi- cious circumstances, which will b e immediately eent to Mr. Dallas for the.purpose of making a de- mand for reparation, if the alleged facts a r e sub-stantiated., The cargo of the captured brig, and the previous connection o f some o f t h e parties con- cerned with the Wanderer's slave-trading expedi- tion, create misgivings as to her true character. PRIVATE CLAIMS.Expenses of pilot cororoiasiuner*For collection o f fo8sii«?xp<n>c* o f Insurance departmentEnlargement of Aubum PiisonD*licit in appropriation for repairs o f Capitol..... William ILicharcUon, for tuo preservation o f the publicrecordsS. P. Allen, for tho preservation of tho public records... T o complete the «nlargernont of Clinton PrisonWUiJani M. EvarUand Joseph Blunt, for argumont i nwould have overpowered us.THE MEXICANFrvrnTheXO. Delta, April l.u. c. T.. > exercises •its heavy talents to the utmost t o extend the form of society, o f which this great duel was an out- growth; as i t has reversed every cardinal principle of Democracy from the Carpenter's Hall manifesto of 1774 to the Buffalo platform of 1848; as it de- claresthatCongress hasnoright tolegislateon.Slavery in the Territories, and that in all the Terri- tories o f the United States Slavery flourishes con- stitutionally; and as it only awaits a favorable Pro-•Slavery decision in t h e Lemmon case, to establish -the fact that the master can bring his slave into, the Free States and hold him there for a season—in • other words, reestablish Slavery m STew-York—it i s well for the public to be apprised o f the workings ofthesystemineveryvariety-ii-howitputsciv-Prefcidential contest w e shall doubtless have a morehonest vote.Wc feel here as if the triumph of Republicanism sowing to a direct interposition of Providence, for had not tne Shams made an error in their figures, theyseconds Natcheza n dthronged withrThus do we cite the testimony of the witheaB calledbyTheN.Y.Timts, andproveconclusively *« a m o n g y o u . I a r o g o i n g t o h i t h i m ! * ' S o j s a y - t h a t , i n i t s a t t a c k u p o n t h e E x e c u t i v e o f ; t h e State, that journal was either ignorant of the factswhich was adopted, that the Conmittee o h Expendi-tures in the War Department inquire into the action ofthe olRcers in charge, in regard to the contracts for ther>Locks bill it would have been passed in January, and seven feet cf water would have been in the canal now. But now the work could n o t b e done this sea-taken up for consideration.Cone»rondex)c« o f Ti© N. Y. Tribune. ;jng, h e flung the stone—that is, h e made a feint ofthrowing it—violently into the midst of the congre-gation. The auddennesa of the movement startled i • everyone;butonlyoneduckedhisheadbehind)T M E LATEST NEW.S,r.'ght, or in violation of the rights of th e contractors, Me sere. Rice, Baird, and Heebner.Mr. COVODE (Rep., Pa.) from the Select Commit- tee, of which he is Chairman, made a report, quoting from the testimony, of the progress made as to the ex- aminationofAugustusSchell,who,itappears,was connected with wnat is known as the New-York Hotel Fund, amounting to $30,000 or $10,000, part of which, it is eupposed, was sent to Pennsylvania, and a portionBhirk the responsibility, for so lar as he was concerned, he would vote only for the Souate Toll bill or direct taxationi He .attacked the citizens of Buffalo, Some of whose Representatives in 1851, now in the Legislature, had voted to abolieh tolls. In relation to the proposition toraisethe,ratesoffareontheCentralRailroad,he Bhowed that the proposition h a d been made and in-t o M r . L o v e j o y o f I l l i n o i s . F o r t h r e e o r f o u r d a y shonorable gentlemen, and especially those from theSouth; had been sketching the lineaments of polyga-my with a free pencil. M r . Lovejoy, with an eyeto artistic harmony, now proceeded to painttheY o u m a y b e s u r p r i s e d . a t t h e e m a i l m a j o r i t y o b t a i n e dby us over the Sham Democracy on Monday last.Allow me; therefore, to say 'a word in explanation.W e li new the Shams were using money freely, but wesupposedthey were making a struggle to carry tho"" thefrontpartition ofhispew. "TheTehois.' Ior both branches, ratber than to make any great gala dorsed by Gov. King, THE N. T. TRIBUNE, The Al- Slavery. The patriarchs from below the Potomac in the general vote. We had never known any greath i tb i m ! " exclaimed the-hawk-eyed T h e pockets o f t h e dodger were**havepreacher.searched, and the watch, of course, shelled outMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH, expended in New-York, during th e Presidential con- test. The Committee required him to produce a list ofwho gloat over the black twin, but detest the white, were eager to hear what Lovejoy had to say in dis- paragement of their ebony favorite.frauds in the elections of Connecticut, therefore, w « supposed the vote for Governor would depend upon the freemen of the State, even though some of them might be bribed to vote-against their views of rightli«tthenewLegislatureofConnecticuttestthe politicians'with a stringent act toprevent and punishFrom Washington*Special IXspatch to The N. T. Tribune. •W ASHINGTON, Fiiday, April 6, I860.THE PRESIDENT'S PROTEST, iMr. Hickman's report from the Judiciary Com- mittee on the President's Meesage will probably be presented on the first opportunity. I t will furnish a complete and overwhelming answer to Mr. B u - chanan's doctrine that the House of Kepresonta- tives h a s n o right to investigate t h e President's conduct except within t h e prescribed limitations, and expoee the tendency of this new assumption of the one-man power.THE LECOMPTON SWINDLE.Mr. Hoard's Committee have organized, but n o t asyetsummoned anywitnesses,owing tothe ab- sence of ono of its members. I t is quite probablethesubscribers,whichbedeclined,oh thegroundthat hecouldnotdoso,evenwere hecertainhehad-the paper, without the authority of the persons whose names would appear; that it would involve a breach of implied confidence; and, besides, n o power w a s given to the Committee to ask for the production of a paper entirely private in its character. T h e Commit- tee differed from Mr. Schell, and insisted on the pro- duction Of t h e paper as material to the investigation, and accordingly propose a resolution that the Speaker ieene a warrant, directed to th e Sergeant-at-Arms, to take Mr. Scb6ll into custody and bring him before the bar, to answer .for contempt in refusing to produce aIt was soon evident;, from th e high key in which and justice. We knew that if the Administration partyFraudulent Voting, and see who squirms. be the very chap that ought to.-He willhe pitched his speech, that the eight weeks of inces-sant abuse to which one side of the Chamber hadbeen subjected, during the struggle over the Speak-ership, had not been thrown away upon Lovejoy,Apt alwaysto free bis mind, he had what ourMethodist friends call uncommon " liberty" to day.covered the entire surface o f the 8tate with gold, I t could not induce our voters to give Buckingham lees than 2,500 majority, and w e confidently anticipated & majority of three to four thousand.But it now eeems a plan was laid to take the elec- tion out of the hands of Connecticut freemen, and put it into the hands of imported instruments from New- Ycrk. . E*TBOB GREATEST 1>TJKJC OIY RECORD.The Journal of Commerce gives, without com- ment, a charming specimen o f American civiliza- "tion, entitled " T h e Greatest Duel o n Record,"This notable afiair occurred in 1828, at Natchez, Mississippi, and, we presume, the aame theory andWhen he commenced speaking, h e stood quite o npractice still flourish, t h e causes beauties being still in full flavor.Mr. WINSLOW (Dem., N. C.) will submit a minor- ity report, and the subject will be considered on Monday.Mr. COLFAX (Rep., Ind.) asked unanimous consent to report a bill from tbe Post-Office Committee making an appropriation for supplying the Pike's Peak region immediately with mails, and stated if the appropriation •was delayed until the General Post-Office Appropria- tion bill passed at the cioee Of the session, they would not, probably, have anv mail service there till Autumn.Mr. CRAWFORD (Dem,, G-a.) objected, whenMr. COLFAX said if he could obtain the flooron Monday, he would move to suspend the role, so as to put it cu its p<iseage.The Honse passed seventeen private bills. , .An ineffectual effort to adjourn till Monday was made.theme, h e advanced step by step, a s is M s wont when reused, until he reached the area in front of the Chair, and continued, a s h e uttered o n e sen- tence after another, t o croes gradually over toward the Democratic benches, his right arm, with th e fist clenched, being extended high in air—this not beiDg a menace, as was evident to everybody, but simply one of the usual gestures of the Illinois orator.day of election. Moreover, any man who was ever a voter in Connecticut can vote wherever he happens to be on election day, provided be shows a, certificate from the Town Clerk of the town where he was mada an elector, in proof of his being a freeman. Oh; the register, or voting-list, in each of our cities and larger towns are found, of course, the names of many absen- tees, and some dead men, Our Town Clerks of course will furnish, as a copy ol record, a certificate of eloc torehipforanyon*madeafreemeanat anytimewith- in the past twenty years or more. In this w ay th e door is open for great fraud. For instance, a Sham Democrat in New-Haven sends to Hartford and pro- cores from the Town Clerk here, certificates i n ;favor of 200 m6n made electors at different times in by-£one years. Fernandy then brings from Ne w-York 200 men, whotakeeacha"certificate andpresent themselvesat the New-Haven polls a s the freemen made in Hart- ford, according to the record. Again, on election day, theSbam8 look over th e Voting List, and findnameao f such social " Forty or more "gentlemen" were engaged in this duel. " C o l ."Jim Bowie" of the inife " was challenged by a " gentleman of Alexandria." T h e belief in th e chivalry of the Colonel was such that only twentysurgeons.—and such knives!—is a matter of public exhibi-tionwherethepeculiarinstitutionflourishes,andit clerkshipwith$1,200salaryintheCastom-House,is equivalent in point o f moral interest there t o Evangeline hereattheWinterGarden,andinphys_ ical interest to the Circus a t Niblo's. Every coun- try has i t s customs. The greatest duel o n record was conducted in the most honorable manner. A tMr. BURNETT raised a question of order. For the Gymnasium of the Brooklyn Young Men's, Associa-At the second,5" ' ' ilized society on a level with barbarism, and effect- termining as to a route. The details of the bill, a sTo women for acrubbing the CapitalBOSTON, Friday, April 0, 18G0. Commissioners to fettle claim of Eli Chittendenually extinguishes the heart and soul of Christianity. W e are aware o f the force o f commercial argu- I jnents—oftheweightofthelogiccarriedintoCon- necticut and Bhode Island—of the business honesty Of Fernando Wood, and the political consistency ofSilas Carleton, Deputy Sergeant-at-Arms of th e Other itemsTotal .,..'... .J•(*•,; ; ,\frelations with regard to the Charleston Conventi* j a : ;know that The Journal of Commerce will rejoice-'. changers prosper. Ephesians i»*" Great is Diana of th equa non, to concede i t as a compromise.;bearing aloft the mace, the emblem of authority and dignity, which in this instance consists o f a black bludgeon, Bome three feet long, having a small me- tallic eagle with spread piniona, and looking rather chicken-hearted, perched o n its top. But neitherterms of amicable equality; with an addition of five o r six more Free States and a numerous, ignorant a n d uncivihzedjwpulation inhabiting them, i t i s clear o u r system of Free Government must soon come to an end and topple to its fall. wv»u*uA;^-.foc mercy." What the other Judges may have letter to-day declaring for Douglas.- done, we know set; but we have the best authority S>r stating that Judge Ingraham did nothing of the kbd. M that he did was to Write a letter in neareri mM R S T S E S S I O N ., -,ed this morning t h e Tenth-avenue Railroad bill^ the Avenue D Railroad bill, .the Seventh-avenue Railroad. bUl,theFourteehth-EtoreetRailroadbill,andtheNinth- avenue confirmation, wh?ch bills were made a special order for thie evening, a special session being orderedOff:,re& Wm**&* reportof Henry^lelby, oipae over 1,100.' • '*'•••••'•••,• ''*; .'.'•..'.'-«'".•:,.,„.-....;i.:^.:..between Ton asdth*d*ce*«>dappear*to sHinoridentfiromtho testimony ScuSnofthfe San J^nMand. AgrCedto.. 1 ** In Ithaca theDemocrats;and Stool-Pigeonsunite1,session,at thei,prices aimexed: PerS.|R. Spaulding, #$loo'<LYani speak my mind;•„-AM* YOU SHALL 0 0 , , J; ; f ;maycontinueso^butwegrea^j;foartbey hold out,;a comprow^e may _, effected,°Tor maliciously misrepresented them.RECEIVED R Ybany Evening Journal, and other Republican leaders andorgans. .; i 'EVENING SESSION.The bill to abob'Bh Capital Punishment was reported favorably as paesed by the Assembly.Mr. ROBERTSON reported a bill to Improve the Navigation of the East River, New-York.The New-York City Railroad bills were taken up as the special order.The first billtaken up was for the construction of a road in Seventh avenue, and other streets.Mr.P.P;MURPHYcalledforthereadingofthe minority report, and moved to limit the fare to three cents. Motion lost.Mr. BELL moved to make the proprietors of the stace lines the incorporators. Lost.Alongtireewasspent inefforts to amend,theop- positionbeing made by Messrs. BELL, MANIERRE, P. P.MURPHY,andPROSSER, when thebillwas reported to the Senate.The Fourteenth-Btreet bill was next taken up, a n d after similar opposition to this and the remaining three bills, all were reported to the Senate.The light was renewed in the Senate on a motion to order the Seventh-avenue bill to a third reading, which w t s carried.There ia a prospect o f a very late session, but a l l tho bills will be ordered to a third reading before the adjournment. ,- , ASSEMBLY.Mr. BUTLER spoke against t h e Senate bill repeal-ingthe Militia Commutation act unless amended as proposed by the Militaiy Committee of the House.Mr.H SMITHmovedtorecommit thebill,within- structions to the Committee to report back the Senate bill favorably forthwith. Carried.The Senate bill was then reported back.Mr. CALLICOT moved .to take up the Brooklyn Feiry bill, and demanded the Yeae and Nays.The motion failed for want of a two-third vote. The Supply bill was taken up.EVENING SESSION.mittee this morning. H e testified to holding agentleman to read a speech was hot in accordance with therules..„•'•.The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Pettit, Rep., Ind.) overruled, the poirit, being governed by uniform precedent.tion, which was ordered to a third reading.TheSupplybillwastakenupanddebatedand downoneoftheaisles,andconfrontingLovejoy, largerby1,671thanayearago,whenourCongress-but was unable to say what he performed, howamended mini 10} o'clock p. m., when progress wasand standing close to him, said in substance, that hewouldnotallawhim to utter such language. Atthat precise instant Lovejoy 'B right arm was liftedon high, and the fiet clenched, being i n t h e act ofenforcing his argument with a n emphatic gesture.In the twinkling of an eye, Mr. John F . Potter ofmen were elected, and great effort was made, and suc- cessfully, to get out a foil vote.#On Tuesday morning, Ihear,some300Irishmen left New-Havenfor New- York, doing business probably in your city, and coming to their country seats to take part in the exciting con-test of Monday.In the little town of Meriden 141 of these certiacatsvotes were cast; and wUcn the polls closed in this city on Monday eve, a crowd of Irishmen were standingGeorge Plitt is detained in PhiUdelphia by indispo- working out the extinction of the latter by practicalthis morning, and came up as a special order for 12 Wisconsin confronted Pryor, and said, in substance, about the Selectmen waiting to be registered, the Boardeffort to extend Slavery—the President the Democratic on Monday or Tuesday. Mr. Parser of New-York party, and the Supreme Court. The impending crisis isianian dead. The second of the latter instantly appeared to prove that he offered to contract with is opon us, but the people are aroneed to take a stand with the lovers of Frtedom against tho advance of des- potism, and to prevent conpeience, right, and humanityo'clock to-day! The bill, as reported from the. Com- to him, "Lovejoy sliall speak .' F o r eight weeks mittee of Ways and Means, foots up $240,580, which "wo listened to your stuff, ia silence, and now w e can hardly be coneidered a criterion by which to judge "intend to say what w e please. Lovejoy shall as to what will be the amount when it shall be orderedhaving been engaged in that work all day. although they had been in uepnion most of the time lor a week before to attend to this.'A Democrat said to me on Tuesday, that had Fer- nando Wood known bow' many votes were needed to defeat Buckingham, he had no doubt he could hare asPrivate claims received unusual attention in both eteamer carrying Spanish colore. H e hove to , and was questioned by the steamer whither he was bound.Assembly (cheap)Building shoe shop at Clinton Prison....Stockade, Clinton PiitionTo the Maaflmll Infirmary, Troy (reapproprlatlan)To N . A . Ounn for necesuary expenditures as HealthOfficerTo M. ConkliiifitCo. for'sorvtccN at QuarantineTo Weed, Parson*•& Co.^ for Red Book, Civil ListH, &c.Do. fcrStute Engineers' Report on RailroadsWatchmen employed about theCapitalFiremen. 4'iO2,200 1,950 19,500$240,580Houses to-day, and t h e large calendars were r e - duced considerably.THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.The Pacific Railroad Committee will hold anotherThe tteamer then sailed away without giving any ox- plar'at'.on. The Masconomo bad American colors and1.531 3,840 3,430meeting to-morrow, for the purpose of finally de-last agreed upoD, have been nearly perfected, and aneffortwillnowbemadetoreconsiderthedeci-ton,appearedbeforeJusticeBallto-dayatConcord, sion in favor of one road, and substituting the origi- charged with assault and attempt to kidnap Frank B .Sanborn. They waived an examination, and gave bail nal proposition for two. The indications to-night in $2,000 each to appear for trial at the next term ofyesterday, by the upsetting of a boat.•_.UTon-Arrival of tne Niagara. SACKVILLE, N. B., Friday, April 6—evening.TherewerenosignsatHalifaxat10o'clockthis forenoon of the Royal Mail steamship Niagara, now in her fourteenth day from Liverpool, a n d fully due.The bill was digcuased at some length in Committeeof.theWhole,thequestioneliciting^thediscussionbeing an amendment offered by Mr. Wiley to presentto the officers a n d pages o f the Legislature the usualgratuities, in the form of extra pay, for their services.The amendment was supported by Messrs. Wiley,McQuade, Miller, Gover and Arcularius, and opposed Arms. As is usual in such exigencies, that func- by Meeers. Pinch and Flagler. Mr. Flagler contendedthat tho pay of the Officers of the House having been fixed by law, the Legislature had no right to increase such compensation. Mr. Arcularius was " opposed to " a n y restrictions whatever upon t h e Snpply bill." Pending the discussion on the extras, the House took a recess, after having made the Supply bill a special order'ior 7 o'clock this evening.THE CITY CHARTERare rather adverse to this movement, though it will•'Democracy in the-recent canvass there; a n d w e be backed by the argument that no other bills can c-erics.of this city, were drowned in Charles River•Caleb Cu>hing, who were the shining expositors ofbe carried this session.when the same means a r e used t o degrade a n d The present feeling in the House is to pass whatis called the Central Road, and if the. Senate should corrupt every other State, provided t h e money- insist on attaching t h e Southern Pacific as a sinetionary could n o t b e found. A substitute finallyappeared a n d approached t h e brawling crowd, present limits we find i t extiemely difficult t o live o uiDg more than one peison is concerned; but preventsPHILADELPHIA, Friday, April 6, I860. The Pittsburgh Chronicle of Thursday evening pub-of the man, that the last person who took his seat was Owen Lovejoy.Order being n o w partially restored, the House"More and Doddridge, fresh from the press." Irvinjr was 26 years old when the excellent works ("Practical Piety," etc.) of Miss More were gaming poptdarity in this country, and PTM»£** to her « Ccelebs in Search, of a Wife." D r . Doddridge may have died in 17512e living or cohabiting here, if th e marriage of theFerry bill to the 1st Committee of the Whole, which lishes a n account o f an.accident in a coalmine- near ,was lost, 41 to 56. As this bill was supposed to be inpolygamifit takes place elsewhere. There is, nowever, an existing law against polygamy in the District, iIrwin's Station. Sixmen were precipitated 120 feet the log-rolling scheme of yesterday, this lick back-CongressmanD'unmick,oneofthePennsylvaniadowntheshaftbythebreakingofarope,andall wardisregardedasanindicationthattherehasbeenwentagainintoCommittee,andLovejoy,takinga buthisworkswerereprintedmanyyearsafterward.* stand in the Clerk's desk, where h e could eye b i s ANTI-CA VIL^.foes face to face, resumed the half-finished picture.And never was Slavery painted with such damning DEFINING! HisPo3iTioN.--Theeditorof TheRinfyo&ffeatures before! He dashed on the colors till the (Ga.) Express^ thxm pithily sets forth bis viewrj andmonBter seemed ready to leap living from t h e can-vas.. As he grew excited, he pulled off his cravat,while h e hurled anathemas a t t h e NegrO'Propagandists before bim with; such vigor that it causedi XXXVITH GGNGEESS. IMorse's music store, corner of Chestnut and Elev CITY RAILROADS.enth streets, was burned this morning. Loss $15,000; • The Senate Committee on Cities and Villages report^of East River at Hell Gate, Ne w-York. \ Mr. HA WKINS (Dem., Fla.) introduced a bill grant- ing bounty lanos to soldiers engagfd inthe Indian Warsaction of the-profeeeed friends of the Canals in theSenate and Assembly, who were standing at the headChamber, was vindicated to-day in the HouseofKepresentatives.Committee of th e Whole upon th e State of the Union,andMr.WashburnofMainewascalled:to the chair. After layirig aside a dozen billsthe Committee reached that upon the tariff, which wasless of personal violence, or threats of a dissolution of the Union,of the Canal party in Western New-York. They had from arepetition oftimilar offente*. Seektoprepareyourself ofFloridasinceibe3dofMarch,1855.,Referredtothe delayedactionontheCanalAppropriationbilltillthisCONNECTICUT-fK^'V DID IT. . iWi a^l&r the end that awaits you, and for that judgment to which' you are so soon to be called."Committee on Public Latds. . late day in order to promote their own personal schemes. Mr. MILLW&RD (Rep , Pa.) offered a resolution, Had it not been for th e Chenango and the LongHOW THEYALMOSTCommittee of the Whole for genera debate.Mr. BRANCH hoped not, aftar the exhibition of yes-terday.Mr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.) was opposed to makingthe Committee a debating society. The House went into Committee.;' sum of all villainies." He. was neither attacking,nor alludiDg to, persons, but only t o t h e "institu- " tion." Doubtless he was using sharp words, and was locking straight a t the Chivalry. And there- upon,. Roger A . Pryor rose and walked rapidlyof Wood's men to vote on their names; no qaestious being asked, ordinarily, and it beingdiificuhto identify any of them o r t o disprove identity i n the bustle of election day.Wood passed the Sabbath before election in New- Haven. I t is said that a perfect rush of men came up by the steamboats on Saturday night and Sunday morn- ing, and on election day t h e vote of Ne Jv-Haven wasreported, and th e bill made the special order for 10 much during theyear, whether he occupiedan , Mr.WELLSbowed,andprayedforthewisdomand' o' ockto-morrow. Adjourned.the first fire, both parties escaped.the Louisianian was too quick, and took advantageof Bowie, who waited for the word. Bowie's s e c - sition in his family, b u t will answer the summons amalgamation. Three powers are engaged in theted being connected with the President by marriage.from being trodden under foot.Mr. CONKL1NG (Rep., N. Y.) was assigned th ewhich, deducted from the aggregate of this bill, leavesit a very creditable Supply bill, compared with its a rush to the spot from all parts of the House, un- State would be Bure against the Republicans. Bat no,Mr. VALLANDIGHAM (Dem., O.) rose to a point of order, and designating by name the only seventeen members present, said it was not comn«^t/>»* to trans-" illuftnous predecessors. Among tho items of th e til some forty mambara woro in Uitj area, compactedthe country towns, where the people live, so increased the Republican vote that Buckingham ia elected in ppite of the great frauds.Lraut year our Republican vote waa 40,239, tkUjyear 43,960; and y e t o u r majority is cut down from 1,800 to 600..New-Bedford fame, b y whioh an annual saving o fsome $30,000 might have been made. The Com- act business in the .abnencn of a quorum. H e raoauV Ptucit in appropriation for Stuto printingHftll.... $i,coo ' 100,128a n d gesticu-mittee addressed a lettar to Secretary Cobb, asking for the contract »»ui «.u KATro»p<">5«uv«.THE CAPTURE O F T H E BRIG JEHOSSEE.no disrespect. <%» JJocourtesy, but it seemed to him the ajg uity o f tho House was very much impaired by dis- cuFsion undor these circumstances.The Committee having voted on a question raised byMr.Branch,itwasformallyascertainedthatno quorum w a s present, when, in accordance with thoRftMlnnrul CtXSen*"*of 8t«t» OvotojflialVJz.: dno under contract o f 1851-8, $titi,12#, and for ic-private signals flying all the time.The Arrest ofF.B.Sanborn.United States Senate, Watson Freeman, jr., DeputyUnited States Marshal, and Messrs. Coolidge and TarkThe scene lasted some five minutes—a long timeinarow. TheChairmanpliedhismallettillho themassesbyholdingupbeforethepopalareyethethe Superior Court.C. E. Wbitnev and A. A. Oeborae, respectable youngTho recent affair before Vera Cruz, by whloh we have been made parties to the civil war desolating doesnotseefitto|/ TheN.Y.Timesseemstobeparticularlyun- WASHINGTONFriday,April6,1860.,wastohaveopenedthisevening.To-night,however,thoughitwasaveryincompleteCharter,havingbeenthepatriarchs,withPryorattheirhead,whowere,Mexico,is-nowinbothitsaspectsbeforethepublic, lurnexs explanation and Marin's protest state the en- lire circumstances. Nothing, therefore, remains to be extracted eave the instructions, verbal a n d written,m a fife member,:To-day being.a holiday (Good Friday) in Nova Scotia, the line has been closed most of the day, butWas reported complete this morning by Mr. Cooper,fortunateinitscourse inregard tothecaseof Semi-officialadvicesfromVeraCruzstate,inaadi- the wires appear to be down, and we aro obliged to cut down.to a proposition to transfer to the Finance shouting at the top of their voices, that Lovejoy/,. erals defeated the 4th Regiment of cavalry belonging . twaytogrosslymisrepresentthefactsconnected toMiramononthe5thult.,tenmileswestofJalapa,than above stated. :."'•"•'..., The Bank, of Upper Canada.TORONTO, C. W., Friday, April 6,1860. The rumors in regard to the position of the affairs of the Bank of Upper Canada, which have obtained cir- culation within the past two or three days, have their origin in a circular issued by a former servant of ;the Bank, making numerous charges against the Institution. The Bank however stands well, and its credit will notbe effected in the least by these rumors.•« mi—•—- '.£•;. L a t e r f r o m OTCexico,PZNSACOT.A, Thursday, April 5, I860. The sloop-of-war Savannah h a s arrived here from Vera Ciuz 26th ult. H er advices are that Miramon was retreating. T h e sloop;of-war Brooklyn had notseizing two veeeels of a power with which the United btatesare at peace, and conuaoatiDg thsm a s lawful prizes by a declaration o f piracy against them. I f the people of those States are prepared to sanction pro- ceedings like these, w e trurt, before doing so, they will studiously contemplate the possibility of their fu- ture application to themeelves, for evil precedents can- rot be confined to any particular people, nor can^ tha transient advantage of their establishment be regarded as a permanent immunity from their disagreeable ap-* p with the commission of the crime for which Crim- taking their horses, arms, and ammunition.Gen. Villalba, Liberal, had defeated 500 Reaction-\ mins suffered, apparently that it might have an ex- ists at San Martin, twenty-five miles weBt of Pafebla, cuseforattackingGov.Morgan. Whonweshowed takingsevenpieces ofartillery, togetherwithacon-siderable quantity of arms and ammunition. ""thatithadpubHsheda perversion ofthetruth, in Gen.Pueblita,Liberal,was besiegingLagarde,Re-ordertoexciteafalse sympathy in behalf of the actioDiet,atHueyapam,fiftymilesnorthofMexico.ferred to th^ Committee on Cities and Villages, which istheendofit.CONHOCTON COUNTY.The Senate bill to erect the County of Conhocton put ofapartofSteuben, wasread thethird time,and passed, in the Aseembly to-day.- - THE CITYTAX T.EVY.On motion of Mr. Conkling. the Select Committee having the City Tax Levy in charge, were instructed to report forthwith.THE SALE OF LIQUOR.The Select Committee having charge of the bill to amend the aotof 1857to regulate the sale of intoxicat- ing liquors, reported complete, and the bill was or- dered to a third reading. It abolishes the property qualification, and puts license'at $20.STATEN ISLAND FERRIES.Mr. Vermilye's bill to regulate the ferries between New-York and Staten Island was ordered to be en- grossedforathirdreading.CHEAr FERRIAGE.' .Mr. Callicot moved to refer the Brooklyn One-Centdeclaring in stentorian tones that Lovejoy should express his opinion respecting said relic, paid t h e slightest regard to Washburn's mallet o r the Ser- geant's mace.• culprit, i t conveniently ducks under, a n d comes up ^ l i a a new place. I t condemns the Governor for ap- - plying to the prosecuting officer for a statement ofthe case, and says thatThe City o f Puebla was threatened by the combined forces of Villalba, Alatriste, and Carvajal. •Several letters state that the city has already been taken, !but this needs confirmation.Judge Mason closed his argument to-day before'the Commissioner of Patents in favor of the extension of the Moree Telegraph patent. T h e opinion prevailsAbandoning allhope of bringing order out of sucha chaos, Mr. Washburn left th e chair, which waaresumed by the Speaker, t o whom Mr. W . hastilyreported that the Committee was unable to proceedwith its business on account of the disorderly con-duct o f some o f its members. After some timeand much persuasion, the Speaker succeeded in dis-persing the excited throng in front of his desk, andinduced t h e belligerent parties t o resume theirseats. Itisworthyofnote,asahowiBgthepluok "wcildwereoccupiedwiththepagesofHannah•:f„»f»•;.' MThe presiding Judge is clearly the proper authority to appeal*jbo Ibr »lettable, unprejudiced opinion. Why did not Gor. Mor- that their decision will be favorable. > ^—•Sin: Your correspondent is more critical than justTo the Associated Tresa.rrefuseto tms*ganapplyinthatquarter1 orrather,whydidhevirtuallypwary any nPe—edc to tho«erIeWprWesWenMtaHtiWonW*oWf t<p.ITMe J~u-Wdg~e., and of/atll bis as- R.v 'j"-')*©ef«t«», on the ground thathls mind was already made up? This -' . is the only point on which we bare censured his action, and it is precisely the point on which Tux TKIUCXK finds it convenient*.T%vJ»ottot©iieb.''In its issue o f last Monday, The Times asserted that "Judge Ingraham, who tried the case, unwill- <lmg that justice and hrimauity should b e sacri-. " ficed t o a punctilio, united with the other Judges,^%' **Jn a strong recommendation to the Governor delegates to the Charleston Convention, publishes a killed: .' "cheating round the.board."The receipts into the Treasury last week were$1,227,000. $6 500,000.The amount subject to draft was nearly ;arrived. the news.We have been unable to learn any details^gfmore nice than wise, i n his animadversions on M r ! Bryant's address. A t t h e time Irving was growinir up, particularly into literary notice, " the relUriousinsured $12,000. .. ;. , .[ ....•, ....;•• Shocking Aeeidenfe&.' •.:3 ,2 6 1 l^COOFire a t Cincinnati. CINCINNATI, Friday, April 6, I860.ThJe mornin^'ttie building op the corner of Western row and Columbia Btreet, occupiedfby W. W. Hamer & C o , manufacturers o f grinding and bolting^ flour-Mr DOOLIITLE'fRep;;Wis.)presentedapetitionfrom the H o ^ Daniel S.Dickmson,and others, prayingfoxthelocationofaDtetrictlandCircmtCourtatBing- vigors^oneaDemocrat,andoneaStool-Pig'ebn..i vH-TherapacityvbftheCniarlestonlandlordshas]in- "orbyviolence. YoumurderedmyIbrotber,Ion nominationofanyotherman. I/these"friendsares4fct frisoner. He said: , J./^ ; RepubHcans.-The average Republican majority^s into competitionwiththem,byofferingtoconveyvisit-, His opponents, however, will ' ^ stro enough,at*ike same terms a s that o f She Distinct- Attorney, •>ii if<;.ij < SENTA TE-...WASHINGTON/ April 6,18Qp.- '^li^Brmending the .respite of the prisoner titt th e Mr. DOUGLAS {A.;L.:Dem., Ill) moved to Sake upfor thatpurpose: The Grand-streeti ;' ^ NewtonRailroadbill;( I r a.']";If Stephens, Cobb, Hunter, Wise, or any pro minent many whose record baa identified bim :wifcb tb ^ ..inter- ests of the South, Should1 be chosen a s the standard bearer of Democracy, we expect to snpport AjfUBi''vwitb all the zeal of a " scaly-bark" Democrat.' .If Dnnglaaa n d-*»T«0ti*ofAprfl. Wepresumethat,inexaminingthis uendingthebalanceof-theappropriationfor repairing mills,was entirelydestroyed by fire. Loss,$20,000; Buciman's)wasreadathirdtime.andpassed.the House resolntion providing for the manner of*,ex-'^$$#» Governordidnot.overlook'thewidely- woiksandpiers,in'Orderto-preserveandsecurethe insurancenotknown.__ /THE'CANALAPPROPRIATIONS.theperspiration;togushfrombisbrowandfrom ehouidbethenominee,withnoxnatt€^#b^^g§ouaremarks o£. the learned Judge, delivered light-horisboTCm^ago;; Pasted, f ]jThe Canal Appropriation bill was discussed a t con-* theirs, liaising Ms voice; tut ^;Tanfc.throittgh the platform, we cannot, ana will not, suppo! &''.b^'fnader aiderable length, and was finally-postponed till to-mor- any set of circumstances. . ' •>'. - •:•'"'.:^The Canal Appropriation bill was taken up. ). ' . A motion was made that the Sanate concur in theMR.LOVEJOY'SSPEECHr^THE PATRIARCHAiMOB I N T H E xTOUSE; fccaii , - c . ^ [sion. Itwasthemostseriousdisturbance,proba- bly, that has ever occurred in the.Honse of Repre- sentativee. I t demonstrated o n e thing, a t least; •iz: that the Republicans will ymdicat»%«^rtgbiisAseembly ameodmehts, which struck out from the bill From a Special Correspondent. ,; ^ j " |Lomnion case, each t}>l,000 •Expenses of su't agolnit Munson J . Lockwood . To'oompleto the North Side Cut Canal at SyracuseDeepeiiir.it outlet o f Onondaga Lake .'.'.....;...' 10,000 To A. A. Davis for stopping"hle.a."k.s."in. _gas in Senato and2,000 1,250mon e steamers by a vessel of war of the United State j with the most disturbing apprehensions; the distorts! features of the case presented by the actors in that ex- ploit could not conceal ite true character, and thexon- viction was forced upon us that the settled nurpofe of the President of these States was to embroil hie coun- try, when about to be expelled by the constitutional exercise of the popular will, from the exalted post h e has abueed, m the domestic feuds and unmteUurible conflicts of a disorganizing, ignorant, and semi-barbar- ous people, either to subserve the private schemes of bis favorites, or to produce political complications here tbat would destroy the Union which is no eager to dis- pense with his Administration.No doubt this proceeding will be used by the Admin- istration to stimulate the national appetite for fresh ac- quisitions of territory, and to sharpen the cupidity o i6,000106 4,000 1000 2,0W)Of the Roundheads who went down the prompt- est to the defense of Mr. Lovejoy, after Mr. Potter, perhaps M r . Kellogg o f Illinois, w h o made t h e Chamber ring with t h e declaration that his col- league should be heard, Mr. Millward of Pa., Mr. Farnsworth of 111.,Mr. Kenyon and Mr. Beale of N. Y., Mr. Edgerton and Mr. Tompkins of Ohio, should b e mentioned, though others, doubtless, de- serve equal credit. for the readiness they displayed to vindicate freedom of speech on the floor of the House a t any hazard.''-'". :I^ToMPXiNsCouuTy.--AtibeTownMeetingshel4on. rowat12o'clock;'- ' t^*•*:-;•^^^i-::\:-^-: i.M.hallandreverberated alon&tho*.adjacent passages, ' Douglas will gointo the-Gonven'^a y^it^^moreTuesday last, seven towns return Republican Super- he aaid: «4 Yon cannot silence us, either b y threats votes than any other man, and enouf h t& ^reyen't the callcdf upon to pass sentence of death upon bamton, N. T.y and. introduced'a bill m accordance Last year the Board^^ stood $*& Democrats to four duced owhera of steamers in the AUantic.cities io enter, '•the banks of the Mississippi, more than, twenty firm and tine, it will therefore be JJ^. brnSftody.T ea www «m»ie&a o f th« crime o f ixnor-' ^TMr L S E S e r e n a Tesblution;calling On the ^ec- "ors to the Convehtaon, and to furnieh board duringlthe "years ago, and' I am here to-day to vindicate bis first, to prevent bis nominati'jn. y„oflonsatandiBg. and 5 '&JO+:,of the affray yoo. entorUiaed,angry feoliagt ^ S S S o - brivaie bills were passed, mcludmg all and, although thoRepubU »n candidate for .Supervisor from Boston,' $(00 <iq?t the"!taip^per^^ftWao> & " *"«'*-nEAR'' ME:! ' ''"•'"'' '- 'T'»^'.:"«-."t*••:••« -:»;; -'/ - - rwhich some man never before heafi county of bisresidence, wfll be b hundred thousand wo'yij^tawMl- a hundred thousand' *D!mmicra&1 kin" xm^^h^'M^fg^hS^f pntsldejM theIt probahiy wa* not witbont eao«« that YOUjtha, • 7oahadr«at«d»ari*fi«dvrith^«<l«ria«him fjomproargained more tharx one hundred over last -year,j toe united parties carried that officer by eight votes.; OnPhihidelphia, $80j per Yorktown, from Richmond, $50; per Gbatzacoalcqs, f^^fW'Ot}€^[%^;, jp«r Auguata,^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ l ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ T ^ - ^ ^ -^^ u t e n o u g h , !The scene could b e witnessed, but cannot be ke-SSwBggwWWg! tfmummiib» ptmBktm&ttfJitwtexuuMmrawamttnpwop»^ai»,hythj»*i?mc«,*ei4nth« wtoinadth*a»«M>hhn. AsharaifiromTOUhofeE,and,whil«inaH'portiohsof^tf^exten4»^e^p^^;succe^by^^ exienw,Tae^jpuouoaui•.•"•:|rob$ig^&r!^t^ aniduDprovoked;to'$o_..." sod bale)***TM*!:isfflofwl wyWbto»h»eI Qm'iMm.^ar^'i*a~+j»i toe** ,«& m& J * «»*«« ~s* mtmk:0-&MU-1 ^^W^^fM:M^Urn-'x»- i_ KMI bancodxorip>fiWW?fWf^r*&®m£5iT«ntianiMnittho're-[tmmmt^tm^^^^^^^^www.fultonhistory.comiM^!w&*$MM •:••''': -<••':.-; •'M'-'-: •>•: •••'-^siiM^li^&4t'w&a#®l& * W ^i»^6F* t W ; *Jbmh:Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Document\ tismebeyondoneweek. fctt $sm&m%W2W%&sb^feJJ^jfC^^I^Mv^J-Jsla^Ss \».-t»Hi $->ai •'$&&•&, .m<mssi>* <iw4 am xmiiXtaM Km:-av;" speak!"item of $!0fi,128 is for printing contracted for in 1857, In the biiefest.possible space of time, there was easily elected Seymouj as not. It wa* taught that ifbill as reported, are the followingtogether, and all talking vociferously,lating violently, in the midst of whom stood Love- joy, with arm still extended, his mind doubtless in* tent upon the spot where h e stopped when inter-this classification, rected.t h e error will be cheerfully cor-AFFAIR.We received the intelligence of the capture of Mira-resolvedT h efloorwas assigaedbeantiesofthatother"twinrelicofbarbarism"— closetowns,andsecureonebranchoftheLegislature,This was the plan: We have a Registry Law, but from the Democracy. Getting warm with his man to vote, by ordering him registered even on thaThe spejch^fll^^eak^fbr^itself.BuckinghAm'e majority of lantyear was overcome, the'plication.. " .BRYANl'STotheEditor ofTheN.Y.Tribune. ' '•4ADDRESS AND THECRITIC.1':••  WtttttttttMMMMMM'li ' •''•:':.••••••••.•: -- •":..'::•:•: :'. '•' •'^ ^ M