 i Winternil, and>ne-half1,050,000700,000non-alaveholding States. Secondly. I charge it with oponly at10^Fr**. oepnvejthepeopleoftheslaveholdingStatesoftheiialso extracts from the speech of Mr. ToombB, deliv ered in the House, taking the same ground, ai>d Baying there was no assumption of power by Government which the Court had not vindicated.]listen. iMr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga.) said he would yield for the Senator to proceed. jsigned,• ««J.L.SMP H1TH," EBASTUS BROOKS," J . T. HEADLEY .• • "ANSON SHERMAN,V> Committee."market. The cattle-market report last week g a w 4,721 for the totxl receipts of the city for the weesr--. Allowing 2,200 to Forty-fourth street, 837 sold on ' Monday at Bergen,.and the same number as last week (159)tothethreedown-townstables,weshouldhave90, and - • > 'tt. 525,000 Depart- , .......1,042,000.$5,427,000 : 'M oiH», Last ]N\>wrrs*nottid* rising ahort of s burden at thiaion of rrnexam- iinistration a t so serious, that cased to put it ralyzed by the le adoption of ry chill through HI weaken the lie in the great•id ask them t o A.i ministration e are guilty ofthat we are bat can be dia- iotimeto even ie one part ofed in it than he whole State on to embark jonstrnction of such applica-bilities cannotsustained byrovidently i n -these unwise•>y the respon- :nat not listen that it is only ber that the hf Governor tare of omkf»lature. "We •x i the urging. jht in suah a.EW&IAPH.14, 1860.postponed, llibusteriDg, tting, unless sntees, who J hare nevergainst a spe- .was to-day, ortant occa- Leredparha-ihad a ballot a atrength- n away nn-chargeabie to, who ha*! of oppoai- >f Kansas, e Constitu- sence to the (Miss.) inq- uire if ther to the set ten.t that the jill for.the h the other DO tO V o t e1 not bean m course, ite money ; was now e-wa» cut reference,Chamberf Kansaf ConstitB- I without sof a bill obviating iteiy, bat rith ssu- *s witb>preveafeeve com- y at W. Military TheIn-rred for ;?. amine >liarnot i proper*"''u « i r S f e y y S * ^ ' 0 ' a o * e^uei rfjfht•i i 'n itthhee ccoommoonn Teerrrriittorriiesi ?Mr. HALE said he belreved the provisions of the Constitution relating to the rendition of a fugitiveof this State oney for lesa fcy next Fall,W ASSIKOTOW , Feb. 14, lSlfiO. Tlie CHATRMAX presented the Kansas ConstitutionDEATHOF BMODERICK INCONGRESS. being cut in two, the cheat was made palpable. Tha piece had evidently been split edgewise, both halves*ni**£&&!*&** «ZUuxe, and jj*ye ,-!**«? tlw Scats I /it..* '" •:.mmW$&&r.of the Judge but merely a historical fact. f Maine, dated the 29th of April, 1820, Mr. Jefferson Mr. HALE read that part of the decision, and con- ejtroDgly condemned both the geographical line and tended that the expression was set forth as the basis ot the attempt to prevent the diffusion Slavery over a the argument on which the decision was juatahed. 1 greater surface, and adds: " An abstinence, too,*f from this attempt of power, would remove the*f jealoiiHy excited by the undertaking of Congress to«{ regulate the condition of the different discriptions«< «+• moTM «-./vmr>nnm<r a State. This, certainly, is the of men composing aexclusive right of every- Skate, which nothing in the Constitution has taken from them, and given to the General Government. Could Congress, for ex- ample, bay that the nou-freemen of Connecticut should be freemen, and that they shallnot emigrate into anv other State V . , ;This was his argument in favor of extension. Hetien goes on to denounce the restrictionists of his dayaS political *uicides and traitors against the hopes ofthe world. Such were tW'opinions entertaiheTd by theauthor of the ordinance of 1787, of the MjsBOuri re-section of 1830. In this very letter, Jeffefson ex-presseshimselfih^favorofemancipationanddeliver-ance in some way from this reproach. • On hearingthisquotedsomuch>hefearedtheremightbesome.-tliu«> in it inconsistent with the only faith of Mr.Jefferson. Itwaswrittenin1820,when/hehadpassedhis threescore and ten, and was nearly fourscore-when the faculties were said to grow dim. If this wasso!, continued Mr. H., I resolved I will take the Jeffer-sdn of tbe revolution, in the morning of life, in thematurity of manhood, as the apostle of the revolutionSenate be deprived of the franking privilege. [Laugh- eaidthat he was obliged to give $15,000,000 of bonds tter. 1 He had no idea the Senate was in earnest iu in- in exchange for this sum, but this seems hardly proba-serting the amendment. He wanted to test the sin- ble. Indeed, according to one account, $200,000 of thecerity of that body. sum is set down as from patriotic subscriptions, and Mr. SHERMAN would make no distinction betweenSenators and Representatives. He appealed to gentle- $280,000 as having been loaned by the banker .Tecker.ments voted for.II ;*»v.approved the ordinance admitting the, %erjpi^rj" of thatt/osgress«**»""*«M . -ftJ)a|.ia/qryearsand Michiganin1805. Onthe3dofFebruaryvlatw,hecolt Umpire, by htixaM ? * H F O > A Z I O ! A « " « « a * has soJ o n g held the ranV.lsputad m m i e n S ^ ^1the Connxdttee on Territorieg.Jtbr. BROWN (Dem., Mfcau) offered a resolmtion| that of a man's complexion, and never was. The only placeof whitish metal placed between tbe halves, and the The death (Bhonld it not be called the murder ?) whole remilled. What mejtal was substituted fir t Wof Senator Broderick was noticed in both Houses gold is not known, but some judges pronounced it phv- to-day. Though the. custom of setting apart a tinum; but it is not likely that so costiy and scarce ar•5short illaess. He entered the service in 1812.XXXVITH CO^GEESS."New-Hampshire frees every fugitive from labor who mayescape into her borders, unless the act of reclamation be done bysome officer of the United States or other person in the execu- called tbe present, between the eternities of the past tion of anv legal process."day, and every day theBe contractors are being ruined. Mr. WASHBURNE (Rep., 111.,) thought that the House had better have one more vote for Printer, and if the question was not then determined they could takeup the Post-Office Appropriation bill.Mr. Anderson's motion was disagreed to by threemafority.The SPEAKER requested the Tellers to resumetheir places at' the desk to record votes for Printer. Mr. H I L L (S. Am., Term.) moved to adjourn.; Mr. SHERMAN" (Rep.,. Ohio) wantod'to know the object of adjournment. He suggested one more vote for Printer. Tl en the House should go into Com- mittee on the Post-Office bill;Mr.HELL said his purpose was to procure a full at- tendance. . Some oi his friends were absent.property is in danger.OSWEGO; Tuesday, Feb. 14r 1860.A.fire broke out in. Mexico, K". T., this morning, in Whitney Block, in which was Whitney & Skinner's Bank, together with numerons stores. The loss ie heavy, and but little was saved.were so sure of the correctness of their judgments that they would bet $100 .to $10 tbat it was good! And' well they might be thus confident, since it answered"4 all the tests of weight, sound, circumference Sendthickness. .. In fact, externally it was a standard coin; but upon.-;•eemunent of the country, of the world, and of the age, appeal, and invective and viiu*^ration will not standminers, undermining the power of the Confederation. clung to the doctrine of the fathers. He read from The fnends of Pro-Bate aro aotf £ £ * W g * * yesterday, in Forty-n^lr.treet at rates about h^f a.Afr. Hale then read from the laws of New-Hamp- shire, to show that the charge could not be sustained, and that there was no attempt to free any fugitive who might escape, but simply to prevent the importation of slaves into the State. Let me say (said Mr. Hale) a wordin relation to this legislation. We have in our States a small body of colored men, and'in my State there is no distinction in personal and political rights growing outand of the future, as the living1 result of all the past. I look upon it as the consummation which a good God', through six thousand years of discipline, has brought humanity to. I look upon it as the fruit of .all the5>ast; and I do not believe there has ever been a battle- itld when tbe banner of Liberty has been unfurled, and the friends of Liberty have "fought, but that we are to-day living in the enjoyment of the consequences resulting to the past from "that combat. In all the bloody past, everv scaffold on-which the patriot has poured out his blood, every sacrifice patriotism has made, every prayer piety has offered, is to-day*^-&mxMm&* mmmm mm>imm^yFM^km'-M~W&Davis and Brown, in the Democratic have the honor an part U> represent, and the other one at Cincinnati in 1856, w ^ o n * they add a resolu- kind.,' This ordinance was eahctioned by Jefferson, F r o m AXbwurf. fasces on Saturday, which those present thought I ^S^JSS^^-r^V^ eJei7-«riflw that a civilized tion, about the United States j b ^ h , and deny the au- Adams; and Jackson, and no one even questions the :8ps*cM D/«p«e&h.fcnTbejW.T. Tribune. *would lead to difficulty. Mr. Brown, in speaking State could be guilty of; and the gentlemen who rep- thority of Congress to charter one* That is about all constitutionality of this provision; and it was even resent those States on this floor have not been snared the Democracy we have had down East for along doubtful if, prior to 1854, any one in any lunatic asy- of the proposed platform concerning the protection tneir States. I do not desire to repeat the various op- time, thi3 hostility to the United States iJftrjk. Appe;d lum could be found crazy enough to douK this. It9I I ll llll II I •• USSOL' 1 upon some of the leaders of the Constitutional party,... .,; j It is sot at all probable that if a serious defense beand that D O W W B » 'ytfy on Snz^dbty a* *«*>thay appear Info into toe strwfc* W>*>fegahaveffc» '^'iKMartobfk' havwS ?• *»% kickedWehonestlyand not to be laughed «t serious conaid-.attention, of thete pending meaa-that side has seemed to think that invective, accusa- having ca r ^ d on *^e W t t r ^ t Q e 7 l m v e conquered, in the light of science, is being here illustrated and de- "AMERICAN BALANCE POWER PARTY TNSTHE bought at less than 10c, and we think tnw'xnost ofj offered, he will be able to reduce Vera Cruz, with the The friends of O e Governor's nominations are quite victorious Constitutional troops of Oaxaca threatening />f Slavery 5*1the Territories, said he wanted it so probrious epithets which have beef heaped u^ou u t to them on any other issue, and they cannot listen till wag a good deal like arrogance in the Supreme Court confidentthat Van Jalkenburg and Lounsbury wiH his flank, and Carbajal cutting off his communicatioui,_ , s , , •^•-States, this suggestion S I T ^ ^ ^ T ^ had made speeches in botu ' . * *>*> . a d n< b h o 8 eretribution of the world and of all- ages against thatdecision theyment.HereadaletterofJackson's,inwhichhesaiddoubthisStateandhispartycouldvindicatethem-forMm,andthattwoothersW°v<>^forhim,wiUIBOLL'SHfAfi.—fixconsequenceofanexpectedshortZv^ ^i„wiTM««*^m terms whichS2SJ-^' ^\ ^^. differenceoniheTerritorialquestion. Attorney-Generalofhisectionofthecountr>"•toPre- Hecontinued:Georgiaalwaysdeniedtheauthority fer the bill of indictment against us. I •Will'a!n8Wer of* the Supreme Court to construe the Constitution for X , THX BELIZE BOUNDARY. -\ before thetribunalIasknowledge;andwhile t?eTd thatState.ThisbattlewascommencedwithJefferson,The statement in The Herald that - our Govern- was very much that was offensive in his speech, y^fc and continued till the Court knocked under, and then there was one peculiar merit which it gives me pleas- this party immediately became great sticklers for the ment is dissatisfied with the boundary of Belize ure to acknowledge. It was put io the shape of an aithority of the Supreme Court. For the last thirty settlement conceded to England in the recent treaty argument, and in that it was peculiar, for almost everv v ^ " * men ha76 been appointed there more from po-sothattheadvancewasgreaterupon the be*stock, ,L | than upon that of an ordinary quality. Bayera of the h'rst-claescattledeclaredthatthebn*etsallaslced*British Minister, is now arranging a setth ment onJuly 7, 1841, against the infallibility of the' Supreme*or securityMr. HALL rose to reply, when Mr. TOOMBS said you in J our own handwriting. The object is to advise and con- drovers as it was on Tuesday, unless a considerable"the same basis, Honduras and Guatemal i havingCourt, and that the> Judges always had ^ leaning he did not want to hear an'explanati m. sult upon what final action we shall unite upon in order to per-c- oumi luuw upon in oraer to per- aceeesi en to the stock should arrive, which we cov&fect our union. We have evei— *toward the prerogat:ives of Government. LTs read Mr. HALL—If you don't hear, I don't want you to currence in the movement. sry reason to expect hearty con- not leara was expected last night when we lefttlWXagna alone remaining to complete it THE MEXICAN TREATY.* Four or five Democratic Senators are as<iertainedtheint*uttoenableittoaccoxnplwhthiarosultbythe overthrow itednodispositiontoyieldtothemanipulationof ofthePederalJndiclary..Thirdly,Ichargethatlargenumber^ or p*T8on« belonging to this organization are daily committing of-* the President. Without a positive reactionit can- fenses an&nt the people and property of these confederate otates, wjtuch, by the Jaws of nations, are good and sufficient Dot be ratified even with the aid of a few N 3W-Eng- causes of war even among independent States, and Governors land votes which have been claimed without and Legislatures of States elected by them have repeatedly com-to be against the Mexican Treaty, and have exhib-In accordance wiih the call, which has been sent toMr. Buchanan in, too. The decisions of this Court on Mr. TOOMBS—Ah, yon want trial ibyjnry, or some of-Pbwer Americans have gone up to Binghamton to- 3,196 against 4,721, wiuch is quite sufficient to accountauthority.Government. I believe its incroachments must be precedent for the action of the Supreme Court of Wis-met, if in no other way, (by the State Governments; consin, in nullifying the decision of the Supreme Court and I thank the State of Georgia for having promul- of the United States.T H E S O U T H E R N C O N V E N T I O N S .I The action of the Joint Committee of the Vir- all the causes which should lead to civil war, are to befound in tho speech of the Senator himself. He save ginia Legislature declining the invitation c f South of the South:Carolina to a Southern Convention, extinguishes that project, and exercises the chivalry considerably, who now denounce the people of the Old Dominion as submissionista. The disunion humbug is ex-• ploded.ful announcement meets your eye, but rather nerve ments of the Senator from Georgia at a failure day. bis home. He was received by an appropriate address yourself to bear the shock, with a decent show of com.-T o tb» AawLat^d Prens.WASHINGTON-, Tuesday, Feb. 14,[i860. industry; with forests unequaW in tne beauty and value of theirHOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.On motion of Mr. GROW (Rep., Pa.), the powersT o the Associated Press.WESTCHESTER, Pa., Tuesday, Feb. 14,1860. •The rsport prevnlent last ni^bt of the illnesa of Mr. •Casswwmuchexaggerated. Itwasaslight!attack, irom which he seems to have recovered, ana toj-day heid attending to business in the State Department.Mr. Stallworth, Dem., took his seat in the] Housethis morning, for the first time this session. TheBepublican Senators intend having a Conference this week on the subject of Ihe Mexican Treaty. At least five of their number will be necestary to its rati- fication in addition to the Democratic vote. [ Apart from the effects or propriety of the treaty the questionproduct •: with more than twelve millions inhabitants, prosperous and attached and loyal to their social system—a loyalty so de- votedthatneitherthetreasonnorseditiousteachingstowhichI have referred, nor brute lorce, has been able, since the revolu- • tion. to seduce one hundred men of any class or condition of her society from their allegiance to their homes and social system. Our people, after maintaining themselves in all the necessaries of liic at home, already export over two hundred million dollars' worth of their produce to all the great marts of the world. This country, capable of supporting a population larger' than all Europe, is stronger in arms for her defense than all the five great powers of JEprope put to.'ethi r "The complaint is made that we seek to exclude aportion of States from an equal right in the Territo-ries. But we do not make a law which we are notappointee yesterday were enlarged, so that they may on a visit home. He was received at the depot by an inquire into the prices paidfor binding by Congress, andthelawsregulatingthesame,andtomakesimilarinqui- immensecrowd,andtoanappropriatewelcomead- ries into the prices paid for engraving and paper; also, dress by Wm. B. Waddell, he responded in a brief butthe Unltid State*, as expounded by the Slupireme Court, and"CHAS. B. FREEMAN, Jof seeking to get the control of the Fftedera„l C,fo,ve,m,ment, „wit«h v UlI choose, said Mr. H., to stand by the faith of thefathers, and take my position with Jefferson a^ shouldbecarriedoutinafair andConstitutionalman- onlyonereliablemanineachcounty,severalBalance- Jackson,and1don'tknowthatitisanybarmtoput' ner.mitted similar acts."Now, Sir, before that tribunal to which the Senatorfrom Georgia has appealed I contend that a full, perfectand sufficient answer to every Charge be has made, andwhich it now occupies, it is a dangerous branch of thisSupreme Court; and further contended that it was noSpecial Dispatch to The N. Y . Tribune.WESTCHESTER, Pa., Tuesday, Feb. 14,1860. THE AMERICAS EAGLB LV DASGZR.—Noyr don't An immense crowd assembled at the railroad depot drop your paper in diBmay, oh reader! when this dread-" W e occupy eight hundred and fifty thousand square miles ofterritory, stretching from Mason and Dixon's Line to the Mex-ienn frontier, the fairest, the most fertile and the loveliest landthat God ever gave to man. With noble rivers, bearing on their so plainly indicated by his own State. bosoms to the ocean the rarest and richest products of theanswer or"apologize for the action of his State.On motion of"Mr. DOOLITTLE, the subject waspostponed till Tuesday.pesure. W e reiterate tbe assertion—the .American Eagle is in danger ! But mind you, we don*t mean te> be understood by this as referring to that dusty old buzzard, figuratively known as "the bird of onr country;" for he is happily out of all danger, the- Fourth of July orators and fire-eating factionists hav- ing long since spread him out to such a degree of tenuity, that the inevitable catastrophe could m>. longer be averted. No, 'tis no feathered fowl that- wefearfor,thoughtbeperilwhichwepointotuV arises from the foulest causes.We fear for the safety of the Golden Eagle, tbt* bright, shining, yellow ten almighty-doilar-token, the* only real, genuine, original, and always-to-be-held-in-Knight Templars of New-Jersey. the-highest-respect American eagle. We woaldn't-the commerce of the world to take them to distant lands; with noble mountains, containing the richest and most useful ores and minerals of earth; with valleys and plains fertile and salubrious, inviting and rewardinx the hand ofwhich Mr. Hickman replied in a brief, but eloquent speech,which was responded to by enthusiastic cheers. The crowd, preceded by a band of music, escorted him to his residence.And speaking of-the Government, he says:" W e do not charge these wrongs against the Federal Govern-Government arise from the fact of a misapprehension on the part of Borne of the jjreat men of the country. I have actually heard it declared that if the Senate didpower to report at any time.Mr. BURNETT (Ad. Dem., Ky.,) understood theseBURLINGTON, N*. J., Tuesday, Feb. 14, 1860. The Knight Templars of the State of New-Jersey met in this city to-day, and elected the followingofficers:Wm. H. Dagjjett, E. G. Commander; E. C. Taylor, E. DeputyG. Commander; Theopholua Flake, G. Generalissimo; John Hil- ton, O. Captain General; W . Wallace Goodwin, G. Senior War- den; E. T. R. Applegate, G. Junior Warden; G.B.Edwards, G. Treasurer; C. G. Milnor, G. Recorder; T. J. Corson, G.have believed it, if we had not seen it with our owa»eyes; but the truth must out—this highly respectable,conservative coin is beginning to play the confidence-game, and if it should continue this sort of thing for alittle while, it would be sure to lose the confidence ofsubjects were considered hy a special Committee last as to the legal power of the constitution*1 party to ment. There has been no time since the establishment when it not take up the bill of '86, serious consequences session. Did they ever make a report?has been truer to its obligations, more faithful to the Constitu-tion, than within the last seven years. Its Executive and Ju- would crow out of it to this Union. That is the way«nter into the arrangement it is considered of primaryimportance to determine. The treaty will not be re-ported from the Committee on Foreign Relations untilthe result of the .Conference is known. There does ment has approximated the same standard nearer than at any not eeem any disposition to make the treaty a strict oth?r period of our history within the last forty years.''&ow, Sir, here is the finestcountry on earth and the and such an event was not much to be deprecated; prepared to report a bill on the subject. Allow thi*dicial Departments have firmly maintained the fundamental law in relation to these great questions, and the legislative depart-Mr. GROW said that Committee was the same as the one now ordered. They made an investigation, but were not authorized to report at any time, and the call for theirparty question. best government, so far as the General Government and if the Union,was dissolved these gentlemen couldThe Post-OfBce Appropriation bill will to morrow is concerned, and the Senator himself says that the make another better one to-morrow. That is the sub-be returned to the Senate, which will snn-ender its constitutionality of the Fugitive Slave law has been stance of the remarks in which this Union has beenabolition of the franking privile%$ amendment hi view suf-iained by every State Court except that of Wiscon- spoken of, and therefore I agree with the Senator fromterial facts not known before the investigatiojn was her public men swear to support the Constitution. creations tbat spring up without cause and pass away, commenced. Its proceedings create no public interest That was the charge as he first pronounced it, but it is leaving no mark on history. What is it ? The imag-Committee to report at any time. ,.Mr. BURNETT—I am agreed to that. .Tho SPEAKER announced the pending business tobe the election of a Printer.On motion of Mr. PHELPS (Ad. Dem., Mo.) thereWARa call of the House.Mr. WOODSON (A. Dm., Mo.) moved the House re-solve itself into Committee oftheWbole on the Stateof tbe Union, and take up the Poet-Office Appropria-G. Warden.The officers were publicly installed in the eveningby Sir Knight Jeremiah L. Hutchinson, who acted as proxy for the Grand Master of the United States.F i r e s .A customer of the Metropolitan Bank paid a number of these coins, which he bad received from that insti- tution, into the United States Sub-Treasury, when th»- specie cleik rejected- one, apparently as fair in appear- ance as the best of the heap. This coin was-returned'«f the two-thirds vote of the House against iti Mr.sin. What"can he ask more ? I find that the Senator Texas, that the true character of this Government has,- Burnett has given notice of his'intention to introduce in his speech, as printed in Th-c Globe, in speaking of been greatly misapprehended. What is this Union? a bill to effect the object as an independent meaejure. my o\( n State, Kew-Hampsbire, says that she trees What is this Government ? Is it athing of to-day ? So fax the Senate's Harper's Ferry Committee has every fugitive from labor that may escape to her bor- Did it Bpring up in a night, like Jonah's gourd, and is it to made no important new discoveries, or added any ma- ders, though i h e Constitution says she shall not, and perish m the morning sun ? Is it one of those ephemeralCARBOSDALE, Pa., Tuesday, Feb. 14, 1860.Our City Hall, with the Court-House and the Jail to, the bank, and in spite of the well-known skill of theattached, were this morning set on fire by a prisoner specie clerk in the detection of spurious coins, about-whatever. in a little more modified form in bis-amended speech, ' ' Capt. Sawyer of the Navy, died here to day, after a and reads thus:ination of man cannot' compass it, or calculate its ef- fects. I look on this Government as the fruit of all the education of the race in ages past. I look upon this Government to-day, occupying the little spacetion bill. Estimating the damages at 6 per cent on tbe •named Higgins, and entirely destroyed. Biggins per- thirty bank tellers, to whom it was shown, pronounced:amount due the contractors, the amount is $1,000 a iehed in the flames, i Tiie fire is still raging, and other it genuine, and offered, to take it at its face. SomaFIRST SENATESESSION.^dC the Wvandot Convention." Mr. SJETWAKD (Repv N. Y.) moved its reference toFrom Our Special Correspondent.WASHINGTON, Feb.13,I860.filedquitethin,andinplaceofthe stolen goldapiecewhere there is anything of the kind is in the la'w con-cerning the militia, which was copied from the UnitedStates law. They testify in the. courts vote at the' Mr.vPT7GH'(Dem., Ohio) said he would vote against ballot-box, and, so far as I know, ha 7e exactly the exerting its influence on the civil and politicalthe Committee inquire wbether the proviaions of the ISngSah bfll are ecmpHed with.Mr. SHERMAN replied they were absont on their own responsibility.Mr..SEWARD asked for the Yeas and Nays.. |Congressional day for eulogies upon a member .whoMr. MORRIS (Dem., IDE.) said the Democrats were died in the vacation is so pernicious that it would t must have been of a very dense body to-equal gold-all instructioDB. He wanted it to go to the Comiuittee same political rights as I have, and I hope they always in an untrammeled form, will have. I don't know that we are guilty of anytMr.SEWARDsaiditwastooearlytobringup!th^s disloyaltytoanyoneindoinif so. In1837,therewas2uestk>n. The Senator from Mississippi could obtain a case of kidnapping for the first time in my State, ie information he desires by making a separate j mo- which I 'will react:tion. He would always vote for resolutions asking in- [Mr. Hale read the case of a boy six years old, whofarmatioa, but he wanted this presented separately. -was bound out till he was twenty-one^ to a man who Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.) said a statute existed that finally sold him.]condition of this people. Sir, the history of the world has been full of revolution. But ours was the Revolution. It was the culmination of that Christianity whose first public lesson was deliverance to the captive, and the opening of the prison-uoors to the bondmen. Other nations have had revolutions when they changed from one tyrant to an- other, but it would" seem as if ail the history of the past, the history of human government, all tho great efforts made for the installation of liberty, as if nothing but failure had been the history of m&ildnd, but that at last, in the fullness of time, when the promises of divine benevolence were to be tried for the last time to solve the problem wbether man was capable of self-willing to take a vote for Printer to-morrow, and not. be more honored in the breach than the observance,before. yet the fall of so nobleacharacterasBroderick Mr.-SHERMAN said the election of Printer was notmineral would be employed in counterfeiting; and yet n bulk and weight. After this, who wfll not agree*-with us that Ike American Eagle is in danger ? FUNERAL OF THE EEV. DK. BnoxyrrrKB.—Tne fune-Kansas should not be admitted as a State uut.il a certain population had been ascertained by a census. Kansas could not come in as a State until she possessed the requisite population. The resolution only looked to obtaining information whethsr the law has been com- plied with. If the law requiring a certain population to exist prior to her admission be wronc, let it be re- pealed ; out while it was a law it should be respected. He could see no propriety in entertaining the consti- tution fcpjjl it was ascertained whether the law was complied with.Then we discovered, for the first time, tbat we had no statute against kidnapping. It created a great deal of excitement, but against nobody but the man who did it, though, I believe, we had just as much right to charge that kidnapping upon the Slave States as thecrowded auditories. That of Gov. Seward wasadmirable. A veteran legislator declared that it the Collegiate Beformed Dutch Church, atrthe cornerhe would feel constrained to vote against the admission of Kansas._Mr. FUCH was entirely opposed to the system! of instructing Committees, and taking from them all dis- cretionTxf the act of Congress had been violated[hewould vote against the admission of Kansas; but if it w«r© correctlV ascertained that she had requisite popu- lation he would not ©tickle about forms. It was not necessary that the fact should be ascertained by the.Federal census. Congress had voted no means to take the census, and the State had to take the census her- t*bf.Jlr. BAYARD pern., DeL) said the resolution was not in the form of an instruction, but merely lookedtto the making of a certain ipquiry. |Mr. DObL TTTLE (Rep., Wis.) moved to amend the resolution by instructing the Committee to reporti a bill for the immediate admission of Kansas, under the Wyandot Constitution. IU r . FTJGH still said be would vote against all in- structions, but he could votefor Mr. Bro wn's resolution merely of inquiry.The CHAIR said he must, under the rule, call up its the tperial order the bill prohibiting the issue of bank notes-under twenty dollars in the District of Columbia.By-general consent, however, petitions and reports were xeceived. , jJ i r . JDA TIS (Dem., Mich.) offered an order that the reports of Majors Delafield and Mordecai be returned to -the War Departaaent, Congress having refused to print them. Agreed to.Hr. SEWAED .presented the memorial ofthe Cham- ber of Commerce of New-York, on the subject of in- >cladix>g the statistics of commerce in the census. Or- d rred to be printed. He also presented a petition in fiuror of granting pensions to the soldiers of the war pf1812.Alio, a petition in favor of the Homestead bill. Re-«riS^MNEB(Bep.,Masu.)introducedaresolution io-tn^tixtfrtfco Committee on Patent* to inquire into theexpedientof»oamendingthePatentU»wsasto aboJishall discrimination between American cittzea»andforeignersinthe matteroffees m the issuingof * ^ " H i j ^ ^ * ( R s p v Ohio) presented a petition foCourt made such a decision.Mr. HALE—In the Dred Scott case.Mr. BHNJAMUf said there was no suchlanguageengn influence than did our fathers. But I will say rere as I did to my people at home, if I did not believe the great mass of this people understood the nature ofCommittee of the Whole on the btate of the Union.• ThePost-Office Appropriation bill was then taken up.Mr. PRYOR (Dem., Va.) favored the abolition ofto satisfy the observer that these eulogies over the the Second-street Cemetery. memory of the boldest and most inflexible enemyUyor at repealing the Fugitive Slave LawMr- BIGLEB presented a memorial in favor of Court of Georgia boasted that they treated tbewar of 18X2Mr. IVERSON (Dem.. Ga.) reported a Urge nnm bility of the Supreme Court is a new tuneon that sidemingled contempt and commiseration for the itraoranc*granting pensions to the soldiers of the ni*d Iticnaa wars.decisions of the Supreme Court of the tinted .States with profound contempt. This doctrine of the mldlU-taken Zacatecaa; aud that while Velez! was hurryingber of pxivhfce bilh» which had been passed upon bytne • Court of Claims. . .- vfi;fm 0 e m . . CaL) introdnceda resolnbon lu- straoting the Committee on Mfl&ftry Affairs to mqmre into the expediency of making provb»ion for ta« puy-meot of the Indian W ar Debt cf C'aliforna*. Adopted. Mr. HACN.fjDem-, CaL) introduced a bill for tho construction of a rsflroad from the Miasissippi Riverof the House. What is the history of the Democraticparty and the Supreme Court of the United Suites fJBbrief, from the time that Mr. Jefferson came intopower, down to the time when the Supreme Courtfctrucktheir flag, there was an open, undisguised hos-tifitv on the part of the Democratic party against theSmjrems-Courtofthe UrihedSta^nromnlgated by herrnosi prominent men, written ff*er W L *>ver*gain byHfeaven, and pouring it forth in the ears of an aston-ishing world in the sublime truths of the DeciaraiionofjIndependence. But when I cameto.look atthe letterI found the Are had notjrrown dim, but the. sametentiments which animatedJus-earliest.days shins for^hin this letter to John Holmes. The honorable Senatorwishes he conld thunder it in our-ears. Such thunderwould sot certainly alarm any body on this side theChamber. The Declaration of Inde'pendence does notreadallwhitemen,butallmen. It was a truth notto he argued. 'He set it forth as settled. Jefferson'ssentimentswerethesameafterward,andhepledgedlife, fortune, and honor to those sentiments. After-ward, we find him in Congress, and he says the Terri-tory—all of it—shall be governed by a certain ordi-nance,whichproddedthatafter1800no-Slaverykln, Kellogg (Mich), Kellogg (HI-), Leaoh (Mich.), Lee.Loomu, Lovejoy. Marston, Martin (O.), Maitia (Va), Maynard, McKean, McKnfght, Millson, MUlward, Montgomery. Moore (Ky.), Moor- head, Morrill, Morris (III.), Morse, Ne&on, Niblack, Nixon, Noell, Pendleton, Pettit, Porter, Beynolds, Robinson (B~ I.), Robinson (111.). Boyce, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman. Smith [N.' C ) , Spauldingv Spinner,- Stanton, Stevens, Stout, Strattoo, riieober. TompkSw, Train. Trimble, Vallandirf>ani. Vance, Van IVIcke, Wade, Walton, Washburn (Wia.), Washburao (III.),Washburn (Me.), Wells, Wifoon, Winslow, and Wood.The other amendmeats of the Senate were coa- oaired in.Mr. SPJNNER'S (Rep., N. T.) amendment abolish ingthePoBt-OfficeDepartmentwasrejected. AdTHE WORK GOES BRAVELY ON—An Qppoafcoa Club for the forthcoming Presidential caxZ^Thut the Church forces were badly beaten on the 23d been organized at Paterson, New.J«r«eyVi2»toeTM plodgmg themselves to work with deterflamaaorSr?^sonsmd madethe basis<rfoffieialaction byJack- *o.rJMeasternberaadaryofCRlffornia. , t,„ fnxf tZ' pSSned on the floor of the Senatebyand 24th ult., and the Liberal poasession of Oaxaca ij scarcely disturbed. Indeed, the Juarez Government seems now to be' in full possession of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec. 'whatever candidate shall be nominated a&xSKSo hi he Botte, Bates, Bell, or Crittenden C M C & S States, or Seward Chase, Banks, l^]Jf%r^t otherpersonfromthe FreeStates. A&!r£«6?J3f' mg was held on Monday evening, and P S S S B ^ rcripuonmade,forthepurposed* S&S^b^M^*TJ^A T|OC3K(Dem., Ala.) mtrodaced a wH toprevidefortheexaminationofdaimsofcittxensox Ceorgia and Alabama for losses sustained in the<J#esCwfcrfa*1820.- Referred.Mr. Brown's resolutions were called trp. Jtfr.HALE(Rep.,N.H-i—1ammuchobligedtoS S b S l n ^ Forinstance, theBttp&me Court decided twSainkKe^SwasCmwttertlenal,andyet S f w S t £ e that party held«JMqoai Conven- the yerv W**£*Z £ftex their, reverence for thelton, oratIe«**£""dechrfon*tbe C^^fgjf.£&£,*£?Sirplatformjourned.Toward Vera Cruz j Miramon haa a clear wayonly for about 50 miles; bis forces have just suffered place ot meeting and supplying it r M S a e n t a seriously at Tlascalafrom the lances of Carbajalscav-alry.Slave States have to charge the John Brown raid upon' government, the eye of science discovered this conti-Thursday the other side said they were not ready to go into the election of Printer, end without any par- ticular objection the que3tioiv was postponed' till- yes- terday, when there were two ballots without a choice. He frankly said the Democratic side were not ready, but would be to-morrow noon. He proposed that by general consent, the. eubject be passed over till to- morrow at 1 o'clock.in his absence from illness, by Mr. Foot) was a Dr. Wm. Adams of Madison-square Presbyterian' hearty tribute from the brave representative of Church. The Rev. Dr. McLeod read some selections- Ohio to the lion-hearted martyr of California. from the Scriptures. The Bev. Dr. McCartee deliveredIn the House, Mr. Haskin pronounced an elo- an address eulogistic of the services which deceasedtbe Free States. I do not suppose any man in the nent, to which our fathers came. Removed from the Slave States knew anything about it; neither do I sup- trials and temptations of the Old World, they might,pose any man in New-Hampsnire knew anything of hereon broad and stable foundation, build anew the the raid of John Brown; but we might use the same temple of liberty, and rear upon it a superstructure to argument, though the Supreme Court have decided which all the victims of opnresHion could enterr.and be that black men have no rights which white men are 'atrfst. Aye, Sir, on their battle-fields thev light thequent eulogium on his old companion in the Le-Mr.'BROWN (Dem., Miss.) said the Constitution ofSansas was framed in criminal violation of the laws bound to respect.- But we did no such tbinir. No- beacon-firea of liberty, which now ehine as light to the of Congress. Now was the proper time to make the body was held responsible, except the man who com- victims of despotism"everywhere." And you propose inquiry. He wanted information, and if it should mitted the act. to put out these everlasting lights, thinking that to-mor- varoTe that the act of Con^rress has been set at naught, Mr. BHNJAMIN wished to know when the Supreme ' ow you can rear a better structure, and send out a moreMr. SHERMAN would not object, if sucli were the the distinctive Republicans, was tasteful in matter taught by the silent minister. The Bev. Dr. Phillip*general understanding. and graceful in manner. But the most striking offered the closing prayer, and the congregation passed This was acquiesced in. feature of the occasion was the speech of Mr.Mr; SHERMAN reported a bill for the payment of Hickman. It was discriminating, generous, pun- in front of the pulpit to view the face of their bate-invalid and other pensions; a bill to support the Mili- gent, bold. " pastor. The clergy present then formed into a proces-tary Academy, and a bill for-the payment of Consular In both houses, it needed but the glance of the sion, and conveyed the remains to their- last resting-and Diplomatic expenses. Th'ey.were referred to-the eye around the Pro-Slavery sides of the chambers place. The body was deposited in a receiving vault.n*.in any decision. The Judge was simply referring to the Government better, and had more intelligence and the condition of the black man at the tune of the Revo- more patriotism than the men they have sent to repre- lution. ,• ' . , sent them, I mean as a general fact, then I should de-•will now proceed to another part of the speeech ot the Senator. When he makes a solemn appeal to us to reverence, abide bv, and obey the construction of^theit has been solSTSecidedby the^SupremeX'ourt to belaw, and the State of Wisconsin is charged with having the audacity to send Senators here after her Supreme Court had decided that the Fugitive Slave law was not constitutional, I desire to meet that question r£bt here, distinctly and plainly. I have heard ih-s appeal made over and over again,men to cease debate, and have the pending amend-Constitution whicti they gave, becauseBut this is the only triumph which Miramon has won The Senate's amendment, abolishing tha franking lately. His forces are beaten on all hands, and it is privilege was rejected. probable that if he attacks Vera Cruz, it will be at the The Committee rose and reported' the bill to the expense of the City 'of Mexico itself. The guerrilla force of Aureliano even now frequently makes its ap-1 think, by nearlv £very one who has addressed theSenate on that side of the Chamber and by none withrnore emphasis than tbe honorable gent eman fromillonrm. If the State of Wisconsin is guilty of audac-i«yl appeal to the honorable Senior himself, and 7w dl take lus opinion of what he thinks of the Stato of GeorgiaafterIhavereadtherecordfromthatState. I do not mean to say the State of Georgia was not riirht.forIaminclinedtothinkshewas. Iamwill- ing to listen to auvbody who chooses to lecture me on reverencefortheSupremeCourtoftheLxutedStates, but I only ask of the Senator before be undertakes to lectuie me he thall refer to tbe Judicial decisions of his own State, in which, so late as 1854, the Supremepearance at Tlalpam, l6ss than a dozen miles from the to have blanks of contracts printed, was agreed to by city. About Toluca, which is not 30 miles away, atheSenateiprtheircandorandkindnesstowardme.I have waited with some patience, for there seemed tot*»«U»K>rt*ofsupplicationandresolution*beforetheSenate to-day. I k a v e never heard so many praters, approved a similar' ordinance. In ioSoT^Gen. atdIhop*theSenatewillbeinafavorablestateof buried"anditswewgfeottefcg&Skthe.Democratic Jacksoaapprovedanotherordinanceofth^Waia m*od lo&toa^o^rhat Ih»re to say. I b***> sat here patty cannot hold a C<!w»TenUon,0BOSTON,Tuesday,Feb.14,1860. The schooner Mary Ann and Caroline, from Eliza- lietbportforBoston,sprnjag_aleakonthelOthinst,, eff Cape Cod, and Btink. The captain and crew were lickedupbytheschoonerJudgeTeuneyfromNew-Tosumup,itwouldappearthattheLiberalGovern-ment is now so strong it hardly needs the $4,000,000 withwnich Mr, Buchanan is anxious to eUport the Con-stitutionandJuarez,TheonlyhopeforMiramon KngliehturfasfirstfavoritePforthS StlhTL?^ eeen» to Jie in the effaot which hjs $500 Q6D m j h»y« feeentlv attacked by violent X A ^ ^ X ^ S„$#thatthey"icorpora-•Disaster.AiARWiKoNEWSI* BKWJW* TO T^AKKR*** terofourto' £s;frhffYork, atid brought, here*they go'back and fire a volley at the carcass of the to say that in 1854 the true construction of this consti-before a successful attack can be made by the Liberals u p o n t h e C a p i t a l o f t h e c o u n t r y .•$*&ictthatone>terpreta&mcouldnotbegiven which°anvK,Ze ^J"*? wthe tnbunTbeC UnitedStatesBank.[ M r . H a l e r e a d f r o m J e f f e r s o n ' s w o r k s t o s h o w t h a twas takes as personal, and r e s e ^ .excitedmuchcommentthenandsince. ,oagl&s**-°.v*kucoiuU'.gt3«iEioxa.thattribunalthereisnoTheletterwaswrittenin1832,andJacksonwasre-thespeechofWebsteronthedemandofRussiafortheSS^fi <?TT*t°"B £? ^Zoastdmai« r &L2 * * ^ . « A * v ^ *** M i s s i s s i p p i . A s M r . D a v i s w h i c h a n y S t a t e m a y b e a r r a i g n e d ; b u t I a d m i t t h e r e m M a i n e a a a a n o t h e t - ^ _ " . . . l a tnbunal^ before which States and representativeshe did not consider the Supreme Court as exclusive au-also read from the reports of the Supreme Court offchat the demand*•ed1tors axe enor- i> by Guatemala, is unfounded. That boundary was other gentleman who has addressed this Senate from litical ^an ja^ic.'^ qualifications, and that party, after whose gTeat experiment for the education of mankind State: good stock fcr first-class retail butchers eCrtud ber>y taxation. By defined in the Dallas-Clarendon treaty by the Sen- tion, and declamation conld be made to take the place and the Supine Cou,^ih a ^?gc°m e down from the monstrated by the light of our example.-wise, the State ate, and formed a part of the general arrangement of argument. He makes the proposition and^tben en- high place which the c ^B^totion assigned them to Mr. TOOMBS said the efforts of the Senator from « n » . „ cSTATEOFNEW-YORK.them believe that they paid full 10^c Ordinary stock angedat8®9c.net,andmedium9j®10c.,i^which p r i c e s t b e m a r k e t w a s m o r e h ' v e l , y t h a . n. . i . t . w„ s _ * , " l _ a ~ s - tJ W&* '6°tliat tbe 'PTObaMMfr»ritabledemand* « * . L e t n a l o o k o be raised: bistheiiment, .......$1,400,000ill 700,000New-Hampshireshowedthatthewayoftransgressors «<»w!^i•deavorstosustainit;andasIproposetodevotesome workmthepartyharhesp, 8.lde ^ 8?dewiththecau- r». , , "NBW-YOKX, Jan.28, i"860. Ivi.*»•beendeemedad-visable,inconsult^on witn others, that a Convention of three delegates from e^chwith Great Britain for the solution of the Centrali s h a r d . H e q u o t e d t h e l a w o f N e w - H a m p s h i r e t o c o u n t y c o m p o s e d o f t h o s e w h o e n p p o r t e d t h e U n i o n , t i c k e t s American question, which Sir Gore OiUely was the charges which I understand the Senator to brin"- fess it does not give me pleasure t 0 ^ k e these state- show that a n^n who came to reclaim a fugitive slave•eat to carry out, and failing to do which, the Ad- against the States and their representatives. ments, but it is the truth of history. 4? ** t ^ truth of •was imprisoned five years'. ?*-»-sked If the SenatorMr.Halethenreadsome extracts fromMr. God,whichoughttobetold,andIwiJ"*11*fc«, fromNew-HampshirewaswillingtoC?***outtheministrationaskedhisrecall. Mr.Wykethenewcharges made by the Senator from Georgia: ° " I charge, firat. that this organization ban annulled and mad© ofno*nectafundamental nrinciple of theConstitution of the fulfilled their parts of the programme, and Nica- United fatatei in many of the State* of thia Union, and haa en- deavored and u endea-vozing to accomplish the same result in all"ltSTixnSrtan?Stvonshould««TM»tw v \-,l i t t l e a t t e n t i o n t o t h a t s p e e c h , I h a v e s e l e c t e d s o m e o f c u s e s , t h e n t h e y h a v e a g r e a t . ^ « » n c « f o r i t . I c o n -Toombs's speech, concluding with the following [Mr.HaJereadfrom thespeech of Mr." Buchanan, FugitiveSlavehaw.your counl B ,:,„-r,.;fl„rr,«v-„,..„„.,,,»-....... tj^ttjje inarjcet x.o-d&ywill continuequiteasgood ,forwhen the world listened to him as ho Stood like the Fouke, Frank, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Haekin,Prophet on the Mount inhaling the eleotric fise- of Helmick, Hoard, Howard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Jun-from San Luia to the. succor o£ Zaoatepas, Garza, tk of the citizen, laughed in his face. " Ha * ha ^ ' a a S he, "ha! ha! we've got a new Mayor now." "Liberal leader in Tamaulipas, slipped in and took pos- session of San Luis.shouldexistinanvTerritoriestheofUnitedStates.HoThomas M. Tryniski mp§ /*——OMIUntitled DocumentALBANY , Tuesday, Feb. 14,1860.tutionalquestionwasdiscovered. IfthisUnionisto beconfirmedtomorrow. Thosewho;professtoknow f a l l i n a s b a p e l e e s m a s s o f r u i n , t e r r i b l e w i l l b e t h e w h a t i s w h a t / s a y t h a t i ^ TM 5 ^ P * W i c a M ^ o %meriyvoted against' Van T a ; ^ u r g , w m now vote _ -mntt abide, and that is the enlightened the Supreme Conrt was a subtle corps of sappers and selves before any and all tribunals as long as they vote againsthim. ' -er confident- *f I mW}y of beef-cfittlc'fhis week, the market openeduwas also overhauled without stint, though he milu./cesponded by expressing a readiness to vote forMr. Davis, if nominated, even wiSh their radical doeme to stand by the position he has asfc»nme"> a 8 t^e preme Court of the United States.]:°"*^her thanthepretSomiweek.There"werenot over 2,200 head in the yarrir, and tbe proportion ofgood beeves was very much Jess than last Tuesday;jurisdiction thevthority, but only as a coordinate branch of the govern- party who should hasten its downfall. He had noor argument. These accusatiohs 1 i a v e t 6 e n *«1'3amedup by ihe Sena&r from Greorgia (Mr. Joombs). and he 9^0rg:a, that they disregarded the decisions of the Su-elected by a tremendous Democratic majority. Herendition of Hungarian exiles by Turkey, showing bate in the Senate to-night, on tellkig rs«m. ~ he thought the indignation of the whole civilized cates that the measure will pass that body eaei)>~*world more powerful than all elae on earth. Mr.Hale continued: I stand here to speak for the whole country,fortheConstitution,andtheUnion,forthosewho have for years groaned under despotism, and who ington eoon. . arelookingtoustogivethemsomehelp,andIsaythat any fratricidal hand which is raised, against this To the Associated Prow.Government and against this Union, commits a crime ALBANY, Tuesday^ Feb; 14,186*0.political questions, to my mind, have no weight at all, v day. m'.ode by which tbe law cannot be carried out. He an-— ,., . „>—, for a rise of half a cent a pound m the price. The cannot listen to the appeal. I believe, in the position aci'on />f Georgia in reference to thejdecision of the Tire Hon. John Hickman at Home. average weight, too, is very mttch lighter.and, notwithstanding the invocation we have had, I Bwer^d the argument of Mr. Hale in regard to tbegated the dpctriDe that it is only a coordinate branch, and has no right to send its mandates to the State Courts. But, Sir, I think it is a little unkind and a little out of place for the Senator from Georgia to censure the State of Wisconsin for following the pathearth; with capacious and commodious harbors inviting •[Mr. Hale also had read extracts from reports, to The Senate went into executive session. Adjourned.Mr. DOOLITTLE said he would anfewer the argu- here to welcome the Hon. John Hickman, on a visit to Mr. TOOMBS, said the country expected him to from William B. Waddell, esq., the city burgess, toshow that the States of Pennsylvania and Virginia hadalso disagreed from the decisions of the SupremeCourt. He read also from Mr. Toombs's speech anextract on the Territorial question, and continued:] of the Special Committee on Printing authorized to be The Hon. John Hickman arrived'here this evening,willing to abide by ourselves. But they contend thatslaves are property, and that they have a right to ask the publication and binding of the Congressional eloquent speech, which was most enthusiastically ap-for protection in the Territories; and if we do not giveit them, the Constitution will be violated. I am in-clined to agree with the Senator from Texas (Mr.Wigfall) in nis expression that the difficulties of this the Executive bureaus are necessary to be made, withthe subject has been referred to by almost everygentleman who has spoken on the other side of thisChamber that the Union was likely to be dissolved} report was never reached. If it had been, they werethe community. Jesting aside, a most dangerona- Standard Bearer; A. G. GiBcyson, G. Sword Rearer; P . Gauntt, counterfeit of the gold eagle was discovered yesterday.Globe; and to report all the facts on the subject; ako, whether, in their opinion, any changes in the existing laws governing the public printing in connection withA large crowd, headed by a band of music,worth adjourning over for an hour.Mr. HILL thought it was.Mr. SMITH (Dem., Va.)desired to give reasons forpostponement,-but was called to order.Tbe motion to adjourn, supported by only twenty-was not a suitable occasion for its abolition.The speeches in both Houses were generally ex-of the Negro Propagandists, and the bitterest andMr. HALE—There has been more difficulty m de- spairof the Ui.ion. I should think it would dissolve, which would never come xip.•'.• in the last Congress, were wormwood and gall to Masonic Ball,in aid of the Hall and Asylum'fund, took |ciding about the meaning of tbiB decision, than there and it ought to dissolve. Mr. MOORE (S. Am., .Ky.) opposed this socalled those who feared Broderick while living and hate was about a certain famous letter, yrv&tea by a former [Mr. HALE again referred to the writings of Jeffer- reform. There is a light which emanates from Wash him even in his tomb. ,Senator to a gentleman who is now a Senator—the son to show he was in favor of free territory, and read ington, and the only way to get it to his constituentsplace last evening at the Academy of Music, under tae^ auspices of the Grand Lodge of theState of Kew-York_ The hall was tastefully decorated at the extreme stages end. Jets of gas were so. arranged as to form the. > words " sit Ivx, el luxfuiL". About 150 couples-were* on the floor, and the dancing commenced at 9 o'clock* /Nicholson letter. There have been more different con- from the letter to Mr. Holmes, referred to by the Sena-structions put on that than on any disputed text of tor from Georgia, as follows:] _ ,is by means of the franking privilege.Mr. DA WES (Rep, Mass.) offered an amendmentFROM MEXICO.Scripture in thia world; and I don't know to-day what mallowing the exchange of newspapers between the publisher.that letter means; and I have heard so much said, that | Jefferson was alive when the eighth section, of theW e have dates from the City of Mexico to the 31etthe franking privilege, by which speeches were circu-lated which were never read, and seed distributed roost remorseless foe of a corrupt Administration,Arrca'Ai, MAJOMC BAH..—The fourteenth AnnoaTI hardly know what this decision means. I suppose Act of 1820 was before the American Congress. Heliteiallv and judicially thai nothing waa oecided ex- sjpoke for himself. In the face of your constant decla- lishers should be favored more than any other class of ult. and from Vera Cruz to the 4th inst. The principal About 11, the officers of the Grand Lodge enteredcept the fact tnat Dred Scott bad no right to bring his action then in that Court. . . .rations, cold, calculating, willful misrepresentations of im, hear him speak for himself. I thunder it in your ars. I would to God myvoice could reach those whompersons.After further debate, Mr. Dawes's amendment wasitem of news appears to be that Miramon has raised aconsiderable amount of money, nearly half a million ofthe hall in procession and full, regalia, and were re- ceived with the due and ancient Masonic honors, after which the dancing was resumed with spirit—there be-' ing just enough guests on the floor to render the a&ur- - fcn agreeable one.».mCapt. Ralston's lecture will take place this evening"at the Veterinary College Institute, No, 75 West Twenty-third street. He will, by request, repeat bia introductory lecture on the horse.—The friends of Mrs. Burch, in Albany, charge that the husband has been guilty of a conspiracy to get rid of an honest and devoted wife, so that he may marry a young lady in Chicago, for whom he has manifested a warm attachment. Her friends, it is said, are pre-rejected.Mr. BENJAMIN insisted that it was not tbe opinion ou deceive and betrav. In his letter to John Holmes "Mr. MONTGOMERY (Dem., Pa.) proposed that the dollars, for his projected attack on Vera Cruz. It ieMr. .REAGAN (Dem., Texas) did not see why pub-House. ' " , ' - • • • •The Senate's amendment, directing the Poet-OfficeClark B. Cochrane is in town, apparently quiu'' re-covered,thoughStillweak.He willIeavtfforWash-lOi^llc. net a pound, but the brokers would not not only against the Constitution and the country, but The following bas been very pnvately circulated acknowledge salesat over 10®lOJc, except' ibr a fewagainst humanity, commits a sacrilege against God, among those believed to be entirely reliable in the of extra quality—premium beef—at 11^3&|e. *&'lauded.Slen escorted him to his residence. •cellent, and attracted unusual attention fromral services ot the late Wm. C: Brownlee took place m> was the best he had ever heard from the lips of our of Fourth street and Lafayette place, yesterday after-eight votes, was negatived., iMr. BARKSDALE (Dem., Miss.) remarked that on distinguished Senator. That of Mr. Wade (read, noon. The opening prayer was offered by tie Bev.had rendered to tbe cause of the Church. The Ber. compton contest. Mr. Burlingame, speaking for Dr. Huttoh folio-wedin a brief addressupon the lesson*,150 against 21.The Senate's amendment abolishing the franking strong Liberal force is assembled, and there are reports pared to prove her innocence, and to establfeh a-chainprivilege, was rejected by a vote of 60 against 112. that that important place has fallen; and finally, Alva- YEAS—Messrs. Anderson (Mo.), Ashznore, Arery, Bark*dale, rez has informed the Liberal Government at VeraBarrett, Boiiham, Boyce, Brigss, Bristow, Bnrnett, Cloptou, Cobb, John Cochran*, Cooper, Craig (Mo.), Curry, Davis (Mins ), Dejarnette,Edmnndson,Etheridge.Ferry,Garnett,Gartrell, Hardeman, Hatton, Hill, Hindman, Houston. Jackson, JenkiiiH, Joueo.Kiilinger,Lamar,Landrom,Larrabee,Leuke,McPheraori, McQueen, McBee, Moore (Ala.), Morris (Pa.). Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pxyor, Qnarlen,. Reagan, Bigg"- Baffin. Eutt, Scott, Sickles,Singleton, Stevenson, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Web- ster. Woodruff, and Woodson.KAYS—Messr*. Adams (Mass.), Adums (Ky.), Aldrich, Allen, Babbitt, Beale, Bingbun, Blake, Boteler, Bonligny, Brayton, Bufljugton, Burcb, Burlingoroe, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Clark (Mo.), Colfax, Coukling, Corwin, Cox, Cur- tis, Davis (ind.), Davies, Delano, Dimmick, Duell, Dunn, Edger-iton, Edward*, Ely, Earnsworth, Fanton, Florence, Foster,of testimony that will convict the husband of conspuN. acy.Cruz that he will soon join this body with 4,000 men,whichwillraieetheConstitutionalforceswithinstrik-ingdistanceoftheCapitalto.nearly7,000,astheMex- terpritingladwascryinguptheSundaypapersir«&noisy manner up-town. He was met by a chursh- icans count, in Michoacan the Liberals claim 6,000 going citizen, who laid bis hand on his ahoulder and menunderaims,andanumberofsmallvictories,near said: «~«.the northern border pf that State; in Jalisco, that with "My boy, you should not crv up papers on SuuJav- * several thousand troops they have compelled Gen. it is against the law." w««*»y. Woll to retire from Gaudalajara; and that Ortega has The newsboy drew back, and casrhnr a k*k a*In the South-East the two Cobos at the head ofANEW MAYOR.—OnSundaymornkglast,an«*-. I,fi i.309 South 4th Street— ........-ton 13069NeFulw Yorkii.www.fultonhistory.com 