 'a«fWat,HEHBTtholTw'y, John Sbbrman lor Secretary of theto vyithdrdw ivas started at Richmond, and ctnndered Ms a eonditienial ratijication, which wro* itself abunduudinbecause is possibk' on a restricted1bor, and delivered himself ana tiis men to the Uni- meant only this when he is said If the battle has ended in favor of the Monopo- played by Victor Emanusl and Francis Jo- modified so as to release this country aitt? stood certain surveys were being made of tbe propertr Mr. BccBANAN'evening, the Westeonsiderlng the mai{« •('the Kaw-YoBK IntM. Merwout tils byaddpFltefbtmer, no execrtti^ns vxruDtis this ap-HXTT'IOBK, SAXUBDAT, SOt. 10, 18 MCW.TOXK VntES.. IMMMat te tk* XDoa BaUlAf, teratins the Cityhaps, because the Journal has been somewhat more easily handled, but as inflictiag a pro- War.iHninfay, th^finanees, eaaUiBi pnrrUion-toclndes wMtea as WBU *r asmwwj and,MlortliU m'« tTtDiii(-FMeeTiK>Oun. served at M!« soH, Receiver. In the Common Pleas, theyet-^fSaSTS^IIWrCALirORNUH pnbllAed on theThe prisoner was acquitted.The Stock Market had another fall ofslaves.The now InqubyUbrarythe Capttol'waslIMfc— Itek-rMr>8praee aad Kama 4m>inndcatat<8lxDoiui8 ayear.,Doi^ HK88IS ,ftM't(glif : taro aoplMU ona addnw tor Fivb »«'•*"•divorcetried beforeJudgeTahet isnot resign before Ike ineoning of a new"case,ratewould be very Ukely to follow the election of and such influences his own communitywith aof Police, supreme in all questions ofJudgen* rtSTiTOMK tnttS (8«ml-Weekly>-THB«xSalt, resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff.declarationsthatinstant dissolutionbysuch a toolvast ecclesiastical Ministrypatronage,i^ntaTaaeelBraAastris aad Tenetla.inand ekMids of smoke were iMUng oat aad- Si.» Ave copies F>J» Doj"public«k» wgl »eiut ut a etui 0/FIVE «*-very especialin the Court of General Sessions. Most of theMr. Lincoln.have been brought to reject an«f a BVU/ a« kit compensation.liberty of the subjecttkecrtn. Mwy!^ *iTM''/- r-TASK TIMES (Wee»Iy>-T»o Of'-'-*?'againsttration fai order that the oldceiMcases on the calendar werelengthy trials. An American girl was sent to Bing-Smg. for passing counterfeit money, and aAdmhiistiatfiiiiS t«»«Ms Itau DouIm ^«r«»I..»<«Br«*'« SS^SSV^ktoWttoClergymenattheloirertOn onesets the ability to do real liyury to the pn^arty and the humiliation belong, where5»«"~^TSrtri»blytaa*»aiioe.SSfcnTto S addre-od to H. J. BATXONl) & CO.,City.Toik Central at closing ;^9cent, and the West-supporters,waBhugepeal UkelytrwHiuUawi anUanubrd.or,' aald an officer of the Court, * vrlU tile 1^ dayr ."ne.. Chief baOiee loAei im,4airl'ySglrteia"-*—andfreighttobe answered ;ifjniflliHnitfr'tttTJi ^wftr i^TirtTm-Yyk Tke ThM* ^r OalMmia.Rates on.,tended down-,.^ItaaaMKCiMiDiisu,deignedforefatcur -la^i iitiirrii -StfiiV- —t-- w^ab-andIKlieat,especially$»tstte(»lr«ely.,latter,wUljpottibly <an at thehisaounti7'wliijptirt'tMBadriMMbOe Ssiubrisli Ulakda,has raisinl hira to power.wejl1^i^VeBice^aaitlte«oseetor Uie TyxsieaKtx Itowisa, tn amp^a tlma for tba ' i^lfirttem Ugut, .WUeb nila fcr Aspla- -^HU'ai UH. The Hall tddses at the Poat-<^ee at X. me* of the paper, in a itoat wnKiper, 8 cents a copy. Agents wlBwere dralt in. Hriillysome otherexewrtedmsAnd does not our lecent that aaawenasthat^ *Mantna,citiestaxes ofv^MftSomebodytelegraphedto the (9iarle6-Presidentiu»ylea^e theseuaexeoutad '',ij|jlK:ff>i iMUiBC,not sofficed tokeepthaImperial flag intju|.M^^alr artars aa early aa ppBup haughtilyEurope awaits in apparent anxiety'^•- — aiXDKV—Dead Hsasi.'""recojrnizesthe right of seces-iMiMaiiBtTThis isIf Mr. Bc-lision now deemedbyof thorityprosperous'fPUkt'a• '1£mU. ^MIB'B THEATBB—Phtsioa'such announce- ported cargo of negroes openly and avow-the financial controlonly..T)«»Pataanamwituu:.Iij:;ediy,—taken them to Federal officeholdersjum a&BDB^-^toiao An Jotjxi. VAIUfln nUIBK—Platom «m Fni.rnTTHKATBE—Camaib Kti—Thb FaisxT —nBnThutis—DosaoiaroaaWifi.' THKATSK—Sfaldiho & Boans' Cusra.supposeddrei^fully such distinction as the'It is a withdrawal—a termination of theguage and the officialactstheBiBinnPS^MUBKCK—Day and Kreniag—Suioai Twm—Wba* Is Ix T—Josepe abs ms Banssu.with theother State s.sixtytheTreasuryoftwentymillions ofdollars. This deficit has since been more than doubled,to whom as a Committee luUon, req)ectftilly report:Kwas;point, and one only, does the President pos- that will admonishthemto be felt.—dbla.Take, forrican Slave-trade. Scores of nien have en-" """"as£n7llWT—aaysectionsofitsproperty..,'>partner- If South Carolina secedes, she no longer holds herself bound by BOOLETkCAMPBELL'S,Niblo'sSaloon—BimoFiAa theFederalConstitution,noramenabletoFed-than millions of dollars, left a deficit inpart- 0ANAL-S7BXBT—No. 368—WamoaK's Fail flAiUBT in Federal legislation, but to yield any obe-WOn. fAnmaaa.NES'WS OF THE DAY.ions. The Journal has noagainst the President who permits all these of theupon Venetia once begin, andwill t>e needed to rouse the Austrian as wellComiaiasiaa-From the&om various points, which we publish this mom-faig, ft will be seen that the disunion feeling in theSouth has already reached its culminating point,abd that a calmer condition of the Southern tnindiagrsdu^y being attained. Even in South Caro-liaa, aacording to our latest accounts, the people•|e tilA ao ready for extreme measures as we were In what particular, then, does it differ from led-fo-iafeBr from the first intelligence following nullification ? It is only a higher and more— tt» knowledge of the success of Hr. Lin- aggravated form of it. Nullification may ^con-been received, showing the property, inclodiag to^-highlyinteresting special dispatchesistence.Is it tenderness towards the President, ortowards Slavery, which leads the Journal to make such a broad distinction in these cases?OOUf, and, of course, unless South Caro- sist in refusing obedience to aH^ takea the lead, it^s not probable that any law. Secession involves the refusal to obeymovement towards a disruption of the Unioa willbemadeinanyotherquarter. AdispatchfromColumbia, received yesterday, announces that abSl bad the Senate for the passed providing callingthe thought, andKapolkoh was denounced astration of Mr. Lincoln will the prosecuteitswhich might be derived,would re^eaeat astress on their assumedThey are very fond of asserting thatthis is only a partnership of States from which fioreiectiDg delegates thereto, and the 16th of Jan- any one member may secede at will.;that a well-definedpolicyofa State Convention to consider theofsubject; atjcciaion, but fixing the 8th of January as the dayspeak the truth, Austria sullenly closes herfor the assembling of the Convention. ThenityHcnae may insist upon an earlier day, but there isetUezitly a disposition not to be too precipitate.Fqm Washington we learn that the President and. Sabinet held a meeting yesterday, at whichTheyforget,apparently,thatthisveryquestionwas raised and decided before thethe Constitution. New-Tork was unwilling to accept that instrument and join the Unionmauemexterior streetunthe WestijdeoftheClty;be ttif resfrvation. of a right to recede, in case our TBe hope was generally entertained that, even amendments have not been decided upon, in one ofto all general laws. Its only correlativeattitude, the liberation of Vene- firom Serocludi, in Cuba. The uselessless _ofand the uuiuerous of occupants aidpco^JL .<»«--y«iMBgiKi«y>,.<Mw^:'»«»«wfafcJ»..MMespnaaedOembst earnest desbo ft« l^contro- haste in the lotion which (he Soatheni States by their wannest aoppoTtera. They are kavwm (bem. Ibe whde AnstriaaMIiaistv is wdi-«ar9H*ataU be buraght to a cloaa hMaadlalgly. iBifteactlon to recover fcr panoknt toinries, tried in the Superior Coait, befbn Jvstiea ftoBlST-DON, Cekkp Md wife «";.5**71*"! '^ J"1' 7?»-'There was little business of interestprisoner convicted ca larceny received athat the shame and to the Parliament, v^ch is also called back eedeteis sulmltted as throwing samelU^flattesunilar sentence. Lewis Rosenthal, 53 years of age, who copg/or^- has a wife and children in Germany, appeared agaiiult a girl of 20, and charged her with having namberi forwarded on appUoatteu stolen $700, while Irving with him as his mlBtress.subject—froBi which we ehoold iatetkatke be-en extraintolegislation. It is then to the opinionpublic sense of tbree-foartbs of his subjects that the Austrian Emperor will hencefortlabewhen be is driven to theon foot hisHV cent, on the general Share list yesterday, ifew-as Mr. Anstria has taken the first step towards the President, Lraoour will pursue the policy socompelled to»em Beads under consIdenDis depression.clearly favored by his aoOjraand Ut tke liberation of Yenetia. Not, indeed, with theappealfor the means ofto Britishshippers, taking advantage^dfei of Flour wet6 depressedi of' Wheat, mete tegular, and, in seme mstancA; ffnakr:' Com wasMtvyportsactioo, evinced knoredispoaiBoa ta pmcitaae Flonr-wairds,too severt, *ni na mpsackment toomi certain,—' Oh DO, net yeti' WM theThis is all very of /uaedeaa KrUt* for, as wiere al»0'<?»i^fctlMMi||||[i Wll)'..''^'**"**"' Is the«tyria, roaroftraHfcW^wiSedVttttroopshurryingto- *>*»«««thane«E.«iiniand tower.mbdeistejly in(Qtred.ao fcr »s It:^itGaJllcia, intfifeloftheirincomes. In proportional sereft^tinction a withoutdifference.for the of purposeMarketthe Board were present, ^ad laaddition. Judge Bsoatos, Coipotatioii riiiiMi^ aa4Comptroller Attbriiey-GeDetml Mnxsrforty West Market WadiingtonFn>fie|ia^^weregoes.Alps are TBSounttw wt*the rattle aiidTransylvania, propiMoisba-%kfooq'pitetti'OtV«st'>diuiiictbeputta»dK^a,wUlhe beingon^one^weCandles.vIaUa*i«fHB^,anirSii^rmfrjieB-ofi^iibtf Aretherevmi tews whicA require to be faithfullytme..^ Metals, BmIb, '^'Tar,pointwhitethebellsofPesUi antiieHeoy,' Flijh, .Ijfnat'Tlie Rigiit of 8e«eMtoii.haston Courier, from Wasliihgton, that- P/estdentandand Comom'aie rhigUig in the restt^ationandHops, Bice and Tobacoo, were is gocA requestSpices,Foreign Uquorsof race. Joseph, so has at Vienna, ttnd all the col- half her wisest diplo- mats inevitable, between the liberator of the Northern the lan-Buchanansion, but not of nullification."example,the lawsagainstthe Af^CBANAH has authorized menthiscaseismorehopelessthanwehadPeninstila and the despot of the Adriatic. In;the tone,the temper,WaAlngtun AU the memlters ofit to be. He must be frightened, by the menaces of the Soum, toagainstof Viennese Government, Venetia is stilldream ofbasis of official action.ever claimed as an inalienable appanage of the Crown of thethe Coartttoe le property, Oie condUsB atshipThereferred to inquire and report as in tbe innoTaiHfni imaking any What is secession ?more sternly thanandthSseoftheItalianWarhadnot been yetfrom the Union,severe,noimpeachmenttooquick WePrince Gobtschakoff ateral law. She ceases not to take onlydience to the laws ofShe will re-thunders to launch that toleration lead to a settlementers of Tax^ and of the City of Vew- Asfessmeu*fuse to the duties onpay imported goods,otherwise than war, but not byposed bythe Federal TarilT. She will nopermanentand necessarily tremendous aggravation of thethe officers of the Federal Government.TheDuties of America and EnglanA in Re- gard to the Slave-Tnule.The distrust which attends all the beneficial propositions of Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet, hasto tbe City to consist or4bity-foor (;ity Ml, ataf ex- tending the eziiting streets ttarongh the saiBe,aade*- timatlng the value of t^iese lots at the sum ot. %}0^M each,andmaiungtheaggregiOe value,divestedofall questions of tlUe or possession, ami Indepdtfgit ttt any equluUe ciakn laereon of the Cilr «f frnMFack,iCongress.hopemayim- longer recognize the necessity of supplying vessels that may leave her ports with clearances fromto things passwithout evennoticingtheir ex-questionat all to be entertained as aelement in the European system. So much has been won for common sense aiid common justice in the diplomatic worid by thelaws of the United States have noappiiotion to her, and she will refuse obedi- ence to thera in any case whatever. All this is necessarily implied in the idea of secession.the and the good faith of the genius,singleant/ law of the Federal Congress.The Sontiiem Disunionist are journals lay-rant peculiar attention and It is study.and it is quite certain that the Adminis-ing great cede.rightto se-fore,protestsagainstcoiodltion of affairs in the South was discussed. which it created," unless she could terminatecompromise, and w rote to Madison in regard to it from I'oughkeepsie July, 1788, in thesetermsYou will understand that the only Qualification willprovisionsthey re^pecllvely bliali front and adjoin.*' <8ee UkvIcs' Laws, p. 4S7 )tl^Paiadent Bccbana>', according to the dispatch ofoitr cbrrespondent. is confident that South Caro-liM Will leave the Confederacy, but not during histertn of office. Should the issue, however, be ander Hamilton was inclined to favor theties, and tb make the strength of Eastern Eu-before that time, he believespiiBcipitatedit to be madness tovrtnild have the effect to disrupt the whole Union.Itis ncderstood that Secretary Cobb alone ex- " coaed the extreme potion of the Palmetto State.gular people.For, as Australia is in geography, soattemptcoercion, as tiiather connection with it at Her pleasure.—daries of this little Commonw'ealth, and left it the unbaptized, may reasonably puzzle those who —This latx act, though unrepealed, seems not to have been enloiced, and pmciicail) lo have fallen lata ois- dominions and their dependen- We actually keep there four steamers and u^c. If enforced aj{]iiiu.t a purcba^er other thaa thepropo- sal was to join for five or six years, with the right then to withdraw if she desired. Alex-Yorkwhy thesewavesstopped on the boun-available in the approaching imbroglio of Ottomapview ofpetent for the Lesi-^lature, liowever, to repeal that cis JosFrH has learned nothing from his own for the increased efficiency of the force, de- law, or to exeuipt the property in qttestioB ihkai Its:report,LOE and Bai.Niui, >our lessees, against the City offested not its traditional Juiy, inUie Isrtier part of ISM, and resulted la aarer- only by dlci lur the pl.>ia;i&. except as to forty-eightfiMt.in. case she saw nt to secede, the cool the mode? pointed out by tne ConstituHon, within a Mason and Dixon"s line. is theimperialwere never so far offas now.of the best men of the Southwould prevent any such action on the part of ttus can, in the first instance, be admitted as a raiifi- other States. At any rate, should South Carolina cation, I do not fear any further con-seciuencex. Con- aimul the resolutioij»-by which she adhered to the gress will, I presume, rtcomoiend certain amend- Federal C<mstitution, she irill be let cUone by the ments to render t'ne .^traclure of the GovernmentNew-Jersey.South Carolina of the North. As the moreYet, weje-judgmentpraentAdminUtration. Itseemsthattherumor oftjhe resignation of tlic Collector of the Port of.cei-taln number of years, perhaps five or seven. Ifthat Austria has really and irrevocably inefficiency, and the circumstance that thereof, next We>t-street, the entire length of tbe peat property, and as to tfiat the verdict waslor tae-,e-•Charleaton was uFitnifthe Government, but are ruled by a privilegedorder, composed of the great Railroad interests,who not only pay the taxes, but administer The overthrow of the system of 1815 was fore,.r,ut that ilie Fr^iernl Judge haare'gieaed,aestatcJ. Nocflortwillbemadeata directnbw rests on the sword, and tl^e sword alont-.to fill the vacancy, as the only embarrass. meatoccasioned will be felt bytheSouthCaro- linians themselves.A meeting of the Southern Medical Student.s in ttoK City was held last evening at the Breckinridgepo.-sessionCitypraaeaton.'jKiiMtimiiere, since Mr. Lincoln' has been elecl-a reservation of astitution withm a certain time, is a conditional ratifi-jilli quarters WjAMiictionis thattowithdraw,'''•'fUS'- Hki',4fr. Clinton, of MississippiMflfcisCitfsuccessful inlature has merely recorded its edictsthe infatuation so apt to affect 'despotic au- thority, it has ventured to challenge a contest;;generallynamingJudiciary;Broadway, opposite Astor-place, they gorighttbeCliarterlimitsaudinviolatiunoflaw. Ttie save by ilie authority cuufeired by the act ofllil^ m-to oT'tetd takeciprocalSootliemers leaving tlie City immedi:itely. SpcHk- tofo ant' xOEivsa. It has been so adopted by the othercqoitabielands and improving same."penses have been the undersigned are oaablecra favoring tliese views were applauded, wbiLt; tbose advocating milder measures v his.- od down.of course :we particularly busy in the for- Peoirfe —;maystill continuetobe, Europeacquiescedmation of Cabinets for Mr. Lincoln for which, power to admit new States, may t>e able and disposed according to the dispatch by our Springfield cor- to do in such a case, I do not inqu''''^, and 1 suppose tea^ndent, he is duly grateful. The latest one, tiiat is not the material point at present. I have not a Bf^ up yesterday, fixes upon Mr. Se\^iu) for moment to add more than fervent wistes forinfluences,I \H)u tliis statement of fact? the underslgnea re- .*rectfui;y lecmuijend tfiat this Board at once d^er-H. Eth«red«i; for Postmaster-General, B. T. LMiAN for Attorney-General, and JoH."? HicE- VAH for Secretary of the Interior.the arrival of the steamship Qtui^:er Citii< which reached this port yesterday attemoon, we haiiV advices from Havana to the 5th inst. Sheaucdun, the said price or aooh «|tierTreasury,of this dire warfare are of no here. importancepublicshah be fixed9fIn^Vattfl^VMM,'Capt. WlOGlNS, from New-Orleans to Liv- cue uf them has any right to secede,expulsionNew-Jersey consecrated by inheritance, bylireao aBriaaation of the origin of the fire.maflnj had occurred on board the American bark toral CSdamon, in sight of the harbor of Havana, which CollegeconsultatloD with Gov. HoBeAS, liy aggravated J.eAjirt to induce the ereto return to duty, wasalready beguntothan a hundred miles of coast to patrol..I''1i. ''the Fusion or Union Party is simply the centralized system founded twelve years ago bonds,; whiletheRepublicanswere byPrinceScbwabzenbebo,anduponwhichthe Hui^arsbythe Lleutenant-Govcmor, couldnot ,;.ke anyihat"o^","^'?"!~!~:'-'who see in the actualsurvs::' '«.drnt LiscoKN is notnlease of all its tithi; and for the purpote of ena- Abolitioiiism and ruin. -Thefrom his saddleryproject andrulingEu^ineiT. "of the two or tlireeinterposiaoBAfricans had been recently landed, and another ersmcnt. South CaioBna maywoalBfin,master-keyfor were not to lie readyBaoitsos thenwhich would t)e here this morning, and which would show all fliat was essential to a proper understaa^SoK of the matter.flourishingandpoliticsof ourneighbor.his rifled cannon for the assault.Relying tiien upon her army alone for her gations,Judgesaid flist the Cityhad maps•M»fT #«...titeiicMiople.a condition as ever. A fresh cargo ofquite time that Spain, bound by rrilerated obli-reported ta'the Board.mure secure. This will sati^fftl.e more consiJerate unci hone.'-t opposers of the Constitution, and with the uid of them will break up the party.A. HAMILTON." reply :NeiT-YoEX, Sunday evening.Y'ours of yesterday is this Instant atpossessionState, the people have no independent voice in tainedisveaael had left for the Coast. Our correspondentftunishes a variety of' interesting intelliRcnco,prominent among which will be found a descrin-tion of a grand foncy dress ball given by the Mar- than this, we presume she wiB Mt be tailMt-and Marchioness ThecitizensofNew-Yorkwillnodoubtbegladlocal factions, to whom extraneous conse- nnendurable, and of a taxation stretched to itstameetmorning. ^^quisof,Almendares.were matters of indifference. It is utmostwen thus to understand that in NewnJersey abolished at one sweeping blow the whole might affect Englishortakesvetar i» in a' fair wayof adjustment. The Com- any other way resists, violently and by Stateholders ofand English consiuners of ^nbanpossessionndBBUDeTa of the LandoBice met on Thursday authority, the operation of Federal law, theOn this momins, the point wa.- rslsea reassemblingto leara that the West Washington Market contro-Spanishhut the whole business is one last Winter, the Commissioners of the •'•^atto consider the and matter,Partyimder the leadersliip of the New-Jersey Com- possibility of maintaining the vast existing;Albany,Atofjsey-General Mtsbs, from the CommitteeMonopolyeMnli^,^AOBwas referred the question of the value ofFederalencii^or prove falthles- to his oaththe condition of the made suits, ix.,Austria absolutely depends.beenThe Attorney Gener^dtiSTpHperty,^^'''^ recommended that the Boardpany.So complete has been the victory of thehis own inter-completed.,v„„„i,( the Board aiisfat thoughtT5q>W^. ijSahstXo Caisk— ArtEBAll. WeareBull,ests, rather than that^^^^^^lo^Your>, affectionately, And herc' is Mai'Ison'smilitary usurpation,My Deas Sisthe laws, and dispense the patronage of otBce. The Camden and Amboy Railroad Com-at Villairanca, and has been ratified—menced the au-i iu-> tenants:completedby every subsequenthand, and I have but a few minutes to answer it. Iam sorry tJiat your situation obliges you to listen toproposition.? of the sature yon describe. My opinion;ni[b asuit from them.pendingto recover thatas to whether should home ments be not decided on under the form of the Con-is yondthat it does not make Wew-York a member of tlie new Union, and coii.^pqiiently that she should not be received on that plan. Compacts must be re-this principle would not in such ca.se be fola^ was .decidedly in favor of disunion, and of prc'-trvu'i. Thi Constitution requins an adoption inCapt. Morgan, of TjnnesspeCol. Dni^ of Maryland, and Gen. Btnum, of Teimessee, addressed the meeting. The spirit of the assoin-two or three large ones;Dr. Sius,gradually themselves in theratlierq^ong thattitle, AciaaHwciaes Boardtocoorer ^hat yoorcation:thanfor the achieve- to, aud tha said Ciiy to take the same, "apoo suck;Statics. Vn adoption for a limited time w«ald t>« asdefective as an adoption uf some of the articlesIn short, any condition whatever must vitiate ttie raiti- fic:ttloiu MTliat the aew Congress, by vtrtse of ttteand, inhasin the abolition of the old idea of legitimacy, and in the sustitution of natural affinities andthe cofl- tinued maintenance of the Aslihurtou Treatymy your 0««ietary.ofState,F.P.Blaik,Jr.,forSecretary successandliappiness.Tktiaeaofrettrvingtheright anin New-Jersey has been taken from that theof a handful of Italians ter which ;proves theWiNTEKDatisfor of Secretarj-angryconflictr— pany and the New-Jersey Bailroad. The causesCorporallon'•claim,adopted the Constitution in loto, and fob- pliantto itsdomination,thetreaties and can coast as to absolutely prevent the depar- in case ofrecover and maintain oiSBiilna failure^ pdeclareshe likes ;—but until sheresolve, andindepende«»«»and aiming at the adjustment of great na- position in Italy, what has Anstria done ? Un- preventtional issues. It was simply a tilt between der the pressure of financial burdens utterly be brought either to theorafeiwhiC^ the property could be disposed of to the delighted to perceive that i\m Journal ofCom- formeroncetaketo ascertain the ineasu;es priceAlarm,conic to iht roncluaion that Presi-even on thehear and^or inewrr" mtrnotlBoard --reitasaiitbUd ami mtiri; has fj^,' -The yesterday,to fill the seat of Dayton in States Senate, it has now removedwhich thelogicallythat a conference Ehouid be SS^iiMi the City authorities, to loam v.pon whatAllbelongs. By those direct expense that we maintain these benefi- knowledge of the bo'iniiariesaidcmed a reaolntionterms the City is wUliag to take from the State a the country intu the bottomless abyss of the Unitedof inevitablyslightthe matter in hand u,leaolved thatsurveys neighlior thinks,pnw«tty.abooldhe completedM^nB mflSMOt. The Board then ad- President can do little but distributeclothtosucceedEx-Co the House. It is superfluousblingtheCoaunitteehaving , aetpwmptly.jt.waaiurthetis " at the earli- \Vith the law-making powerAftiraprotractedat' w»against him,say either of these new men elevated"° ««"= *^"^««* t^ fonowta,^ fleets tv it cvasv »Tl«irtteW«RW»~l^e'secTJS^ '"with the underatandiBg that it should as- And " the nakedtheoffices.nfVirginiayet expe- When thatthe leading land auctioneer in New-Tork, ap-disposed ofwithoutITicre isonly one point on which the Jour- andservantmar:of the re-ii>'jri>lft-)Mtlief'vtsiMiiN«Mi|«p^^a dis-longer anycomrage,great Sovereign who spoke at the Tuileries in the hearing of all mankind, on the first of Jan-FederalU the property were to be used in perpetatty fisrmarket-staJls, as at present,alne—ii* above the price above specified. nnlHi umtmadoptiondescripSon vrtiataacTer, 1•aatf^and the riverif amend-straightforward speechnmong other things, this political power. the Neapolitan Deputies, "the Powers of Eu- guns be maintained on the station, it most titietoallttuLtpoiil^uls In the State, and tiM City,only.ofthoroughly every neigh-of Venetia, and mistress of Venetia she willwhich may be found in the letter of a corres-and ttie Act of April il,DO of kind orother tbau said piers and bridges, shall at aay time hereafter be erectea the said streets or'po&se>-1gagedin it.One man inSavannah has im-Imperial of themay ffeel called upon to take."tohave bfen ifastrouenta in tlie' handa of a oaOyiMobstracted. The miUiaqr ca^aiiHidThis isconsoling, and all the more so, per- powerftdfiu^oB, who notonly choose such as of the anny diaappMnin aOfMatttutiaMl **?% 1 iiiilLi^TTkuiiKihMe'trUAtcrdav. rendered a verdict of 1600 for the plain- tardy In finding It out It was as evident founder mortification npoa their adversaries. ally to H. VoH PLsna, are to be subjected toMl recognizes so amkxnttmtiffs An interesting case, involving the question justwhether the claim of a State for taxes anliist a before the election as it is now, that one The election of Mr. Pianr has indeed not only the control of a cooncil of snpervisioo ; tbewhich in the Cubansubject may outlaw, was argued before the General branch at least of Congress would be opposed the attributes of a humiliating victory, but Ministers of Public Worship, of the Interior utfi^thaVT^iS^S!!^The action wasv*. The Mutual BepubUcan Preatdent ;—yet then thetherefore. IfnowSTwe..Term of the Superior Court. to aalso of themorehumiliating triumph. The and of Justice, are abolished. The ancientSa^refl.^"t»°'"t'^ entitlea to at>k.sts.'' tfllK VCW-fiMK miKS (DkUy) la ^bltsbol every Insurance Company, and ^ImT W. JoBH- Journal dally alanned its credulous readers, beaten are not only so, but they are also Constitntion is reestablished in Hnngaiy,entitled The PeopleSafetyand astonished the rest of mankind, by elabo- ashamed.WiitL Chi» Josnoi Tanitwil Adtninh.faithfulnal still has misgivings ; and that is this : honorable career.material Interests of the' South. TheSlaveunfortunatelybeing with all its ancient functions of and thelongs to the race cf ofBcwhoMers «Mlaws go m-xecuUd, orkeeping military establishment. How'Ifey ttptean^Mv Ba*.if the visionandhe blood,fromliK«t*,'ad^tte^tef.Fugitive security provided by the ConstttntloaarenotMd(^ .<the bnlldlog, the CMaf JuaaaeoF ttie Saptei appeared la bu «eat at the usual hour, kMUVaBMelaw Is thethe possession, undisturbed, of theiraad ttever "When theand dared them to execute the lawsgeneral activityoftheEmpirein thehim. HeisstillatandthelawisHavs.for they , Inproperty becomes pertinent, whether,likelydieline of oath of office, and set Out the lawsof Govenunent, for the same liaiid which signed the aew charters of the prov-duty poioted arsfjilh- Jvltf ertctue*. U the »<good will or the conscions participation Imperialtheopt: Jpvrn^ijijaial^eiiin io.thtae regaidunex- from the Journal of Commerce no denunciations of the Presi-—dent, no declarations that "no Executiveecuted.large, We have heardthe Crimean Warwerelifted from the land,fromwtiom was referred the matter of tbe ral«n i# thefindt^ transacted boabieM'WC'iitnLidi- expense of tha party wiilchwell as thfe- Ftigltive Slave lair tiMsaper faiacstry, load down thepopnlatibB,experience prove.and exasperate the public temper, since allAnstria.aees that these colossal exactions haveI8ali}eet Bcferred to m Select Cei Cenfkr wtth the Ctty AadwrMee.can be tooand certain," for such a breach of duty. hearofNorthernmenintheSouthernStates—beinglynched, —searched, scourged, abused,exiled, and even hung, for no offence but trian dominion at Venice as anmerely on suspicion of holding nnpopular opin- to be tolerated, perhaps, provisionally, in themillions, of- LeMttf/he .The Resalt in STew-Jersef.The case of New-Jersey, as the only Stateor laUier otany claiais of said City te.adjoining Stateenemyputtingthoughtadverse to freedom, and submissionflw as t^ Government possesses power, thesand doUsrs —a sum which seems tb your CoaH mlltae. from the hest-lafoiiBatio&ttiey are able tb ok- tainthefairvalueufthepiuperqr. Thereare,how- ever, various considenitloiiSLwhich may iaereaie ormajority totheabsolutewilloftheonce seeming knpeless future.It is now ansurges to the very frontier, giving Pro-Slavery Philadelphia to the Kepublicans. and disap-pointing— Warsaw eagerto remove so formidable a beto state the purfiort.upun respecdveiy,Their loss isfied, by the knowledge that it is.doubled and intensi- with the Hungarian Chancellorship and ItsE«8iGHt~As tt now qnhe bU aady«ronaHungarian iastitotions to the HuogarianThe defiance flung down toFBAXcis haughiUy ai Kapies by tiie King of Italy been taken asuary, 1869, thosememorablewords,singlethepurchasegniwugout of thetheinto deeds.theket the voUtfa» of the depenos eatiiely upuathein the middle of an Crown, and amenable on the one hand to the have the q)patetiant Of a socceasix. In.tlte i^accomplishedIt is only a later reflection Supreme Court of the nation, and on the other sence of all direct InJoraiation, the ftDowiasaa-official from Europe beside,Hapsburgs. AllAlexan-dib n. andWarsaw, to Victobia and Lord John Russsllat London, agrees at last with the far-seeing EmperoroftheFrenchinregardingtheAus- inand an indirect taxation moretlie suits, etc., made the following isport :lb tlu HonaraHe tke Commissioners tke ofputtingeyes, sets bard her lips, and sword in hand, best acquainteda of subject varietythe propiietorsiiip of the properW.The Act of AptU 3, 17w«. (ivies' Lawi JM a^which pervaded soboring State, which actually flowed up in vast be. It is in vain that Russia and Prussia at pondent in another column. Of these it may building any" lbl3,SecS7,pK>TUea: Thatall the calculations of fusion in New- complication from the field of European poli-of the Ashburton Treaty, we are presumed to maintain on the coast of Africa a squadron eighty guns strong.ropecies urge the modernpredominanceof iLe in would be propeity que^uugreatly redacedNew-'Vork,may in fact be found on the other side of tia and the consequent pacification of Italy sailing vessels for the service is mani- eity, which w as tried bei< re Justice Poiua aad aSouthern State is unlike its neighbors in the concmitted herself to the deliverance of her none of the late successes have been fenuant^.the new device Judgment was entered on that verdict, aad tlte pUia- i\Sb tiad execution tUcreun, and ^re. by proea^s of ment, wherein the slaveholders are the dom- A few words will suffice to make this plain. of the traders in employing steam rather than law, put ir pi>s&ef!.-iuii of theVpreoUses recovezel. This judgment was facUitsted,^ not in part baaed pa- upon ceitalii stlpulatioos made the theeof an aristocratic form of Govern-inant and privileged class, so in the Northern The power of Austria in Italy, originally main- wind m expediting their venturrs. Itand Stkvrns, have recently monopolized, and velously gallantwith otherwhichthose verymore valuable is a coastbuilding property at Cutia than IIiiilsou River.haveits nomin- theyhavebeen fareofthedesirable that they be distributed among fiflecnorsixteensmallvessels,stillof a slaver. And— assumingto the al GoTcrnerif and Legislatorsrope pout, but Austria only threatens,"whichhavesochangesand yet so rapidly developedin theTbeyprej^eribedpeople ;capable from »ant uf curpucate powerrailroadotherwise have abstained from hostility.might the sovereign popular will, for the balance ofguardat the formerpoliticsindependence shouldbesacrificedto"compensate" Haps- burg Prince for losing the allegiance of an-betweenthe Com-' AmboyaoftheCityforthesaidpricesofiasd; aud that in case the raid Corporation reimse or negleet topurcbase. that tbe same be witlioat farthermlaysoUl at;tenns as tbe said Commi^siuners shall deembe found, Austriahot way 6om Cienfuegos to Ban Juan de lo« As we said yesterday, we prcsumf^ mere res- diency. They have managed and directed the knows full well that she must bear tlie brunt crease the watching squadron the West Blucxxs responded, in a letter which Attoraey-€le»-Mr. Bamedios. The Captain, after ezhaaating every olutions to secede will not be considered Press. They have spent money in all direc- of its onslaught alone. This is so true that Indies, as to leave each steamer no more eral Mteks read to the Board, in whi«h he estimatedpottSe bd' puf into for water and provisions, onson to sf'cedt.roadsmerelyand inas measures ofshallhavethe value of the market property.Wto shoot the cook, who waa the linj-. treasonable, nor will fhoy roquirc any action tions,ways not uniformly consistent the Austrian journalsleader b the affair. He then put into Havana har- on the part of the Federal Govcmiaent. If with a sound condition of public morals. And take a defensive tone against Italy. The partswe AshburtoiiTreatyis, hope,eoiMsUedBut theto bessMUtacmore <d. ButifsheTefusestopayFedemiAitteai—1doesobservance of her«cta quences ofaFedeififort,—limits,at9o'clockthisExecutive niust eithercoerce obedi- of office.Venetia by force, our Mr NKUEMiAflPsiiBYfromhis shears and broad- charters, addressed particularly to the King-of sacriiice.s, and ther».! are those^-u {^%!'^^likely, after all, to plungerelease ttomvictory," mainly a barreu one."v. Pe-nmngton in the dom of with characteristic rival for our ewn productive industry at the Hungary, (forinterchange of views,Jrt of airivlmhn any deltolte coneliBloa,of~,..Um Counsel, was ^eaent at the meet- Party," under such circumstances, it adds, have been their credit and great ti>e value of local importanceonthenthfiist JndgeBbohson,ft« ^Boaird. arid th3 tartiet oo botS sideii " is not an occumoce soofthemost aad USofsomuchofourself-imposed prosperousgut this is not ol|toe4 even powerful of UteAttstdaB fifties i* restored to fish t«9l( as scods costlj'[rii nrnmiirTrl""--'•— ''^ '^'•^- 'i^^Bil^'fSi.-.. «- X* :.Untitled Documenttriumphand unsel-the Republican alanaing as (« justUypoliticalpraisal ofthe lots—if the street Ures were carried out, to l»eworth SIO.OOO each. ^ Judge BcoHSoK stated to the Board that bS unoer-ted Btataa Consul, who will send the rebellions " the of secession," ly Company, it must be attributed to the fact seph in 1869 are reversed in 1^60. It is the gether from the surveillance of the Gold Coast. claimed to belong to the State. Be taiquliea If tke crew to Key West for trial. Our correspondent to have recognised right maps of such surveys were. t>efore ttie BoarA. gives the particulars of the examination before the it is an very well,—because this does not con- of its tieing in possession of power, and the Austri^ now who assembles his troops along We have given satisfactory assurances of our if they were, and the Board was rea^ to entw upoa Conaul,wnicbtendedtoestablishthefactthattheC^tainwas compelled to the course he pursuedtrade. Weareiua todemandasim- of the threatens, draws the sword and makes ready ilar assurance from Great Britain. It isthe ringleader. The health of Havana contimiedgood- The .Slavp-trade seems to be in asbeing unlMundedly prodigalinfluence. This is theotherwise inscrutableteBg as The conflict was not as elsewhere national,against cominginareshootingrequired caU for theof tttB<lsawal Oov- ruptstitute secession at aU.to ctmsmnmato that ^ifeaea, andpeople its useSome*crertaots" patronagetoinfluencetheand of its the line of the Mincio to —prepare himself good faith in desiring the termination of the the subject, he was ready to soIaDlt aoneieiaaiks,andperhapsaproposidon.The State Engineer stated that tbe maps Inquiredoppressed Italian subjects.achievedbythat arm, butbybythe and supportingsteainer with a sailing vessel is, under ordi-anu during tbe last Summer the judgment was on no- tion set a«k'e by the Supreme Court, and tlieJMMses- sipn 01 thfc saiu preii Jsee has bees restored to tae City. The saiJFor and powernecessities. Sixty years agoatCongo.Therapturespointinpnste;tevied upon landed amosnt mLombardy, nor even to secure the of paymentthe Imperial debt at home. The new Char-.tersthe Empire leave to Hheoftheyear of peace, 1856-7, when the burdens ofimposed,a direct taxation of more thanwhich relaxed m theiMnlilaiailiiii rirrnmnnntaafinstance of the Slave- ineast of the Kocky Mountainsi,. which gave a have proved to Italy the- " Open Sesame" t? a trade. The. pablic is half convinced that so the case, the sum.o( four tanudred and for^ ,l^o**oli-garchy, is so much of an anomaly as to war- Venice belongs naturally to the Venetians. and earnestly for the suppression of the traf- dlmlidah Uils value. ,hardly worth whUe to say that devotion to the Union had no more to do with the result than in any for the willingness to trans- fer the election to the more hazardous chances of the House is the worst possible evidence of such loyalty. By what secret then, the influences favorable to Lincoln,fic ;value, oi tae laaoae^aveholdingeasy common-place of European opinion that Eighteen months ago it was revolution to hintAdministration is disposed to use it vigorouslythings uponare unacquainted with the politics of this sin- their proud and passionate young ally. Fran- steam in the squadron, of course, accounts Iroia the above ebtlmole. It would probahiy be eom-mibfortune,and he hasforgotten nothingof monstrated quite recently by its capture of operation.Theundersigned further respectfullyTkat is New-Jersey in polilicsr-an exception the traditions of his house. Judged by the two sidvers, and the rescue . of 1,000 negroes ttiey find an acuon in ejectmeot was broagat t>y Tat-duty with at least equal energy. The fact, there-iof mankind forNevertheless, though all Europe s^e and ist, naturally excites attention to the mode of assumption that the City woukl "~'^^an^^ sua aaa, taau- least dominions. In spite[ ascettalnliig the valae at impossibility, taxation. Let the desperate march of Italy the pr(^>erty in question a eammunication nA al-oftheYork Inqulrliigltae cash valneof the saae^tewUeh as the Hungarian populations against a new inquiry the annexed commuuicatipiu and map !bavespitesubsequent developmentsThat for the of purposeweightWest-^ieat, whichwasfoundbytheverdfetofthejurytoHloagunder which theEmpirenowstaggers?eight feet the entire front on deep alongis found to ex-it in action and elicits from those case the Coiporadou siKwid cease to have, or ei^a;with theits triumph. She is mistress useful and practical sugg'estions, some of 390,) provides fur laying out West-street, as the oer-twovessels. TheofCorporation ol tbe Ctiy, the Buard will see tiw valueprofitable Under theor between tliemto vkica 'sailingbyassent of all Europe, encircling tent that to attempt the pursuit uf a slavt- Corporation Counsel ui the City of New-Tork#"the last two years, the whole complexion of Europe thought it pt rfectly rational and proper of outlook are two to one for tliow at the lat- tif the expenses incurred oj the Coiporadon of thedynasticinine the price which ii shalldeem equitable In viewother handful of Flemings. To-dayKew-York finally abandoned her and itself with the Democratic Party, as that mo?t of the Bourbons from thrones l>e out of the question to so blockade the Afri- bid therefor be received. The purcbasa ta take theworse than rejection. Yours,Euroi>e,JAHE8 MADISON. The Amboy Company having chosen to ally which has no hand to litt against the than on an extendedwloe—. No Railroad Company identified itself with the <^cer8 and crew of the American ship KVEK." And so did all the other Stateslaw, is altogether divorced from any connection with the stipulationsThepurchasertnpdf which was burnt at sea on the night of the withdraw from thenr to Republicans. All the resources of wealth, in-;andgunt of the occurrence we jpve elsewhere, can liUities of the Union. In the language of bear by these rival interests. The contest has rules stiU in the City of the Doges, simply be-costs and eiqienses of sucih actions.In addition, the Attorney- Generanld statetdhe Cover-ittinat. The Obtain of the China, whose stute-the economicalobligationsresponsi-A Judgr SfKNCKB Ko.vNE, Pref^ident of the Elec- nearly always inclined to the side of the cause neither Venice nor the Italian King mightby publicCuba and Porto Rico is perfectly practicablefiucncc and argument, have been brought to which secure Venetia to her tyrant. Austria and in the stop which would prcsenUy be put of ttie premises upon giving an indemnity againstpractical;in ofcor- the ofhisfoe theItalianwho positionarmaments ofThe charters just granted by the Emperor arelong-suffering a careful calculation ofrenun-the latter, that having formerly taken Weight ciation of that whole scheme of policy to thropyof all the ha.^ "^^rC completed by the Stateinterest,opensurveysthat vras essential was the properseat andsoil of theproclaimed condemnationand<">?""Austrian Govemm^tto such honors by personal merit, great would ters to the other parts of the Empire,) the it should obviously act, it may at least acquit «fWrfrf. That the Commlttae to wUeh Ua beeatothat had then^elvesduplicity, the only promised,veryIf, however, diploma- 'wherehas not conceded, the like char-door of our mart.cy cannot be thus directed upon Spain,narj conditions, an absurdity.as we continue to ob.servr^ theto the English are claluied lo have been idcgal, bat the cootrorersywiserplan step in Italian history. the sailing squadron, altogetherto withdraw and as thetreaty, it is clearly ourpany, controlled by Messrs. Stockton As King Victor most truly said, in his mar- great object is to patrol the. largest possible Thepractice, exceed theadvantagesmost desirable,therefore,to the trade with her i-olouies, shouldwhich shenotorioUj.ly disreganlscovenants, or to the abolition of Slavery. Itthe Government of Vienna has is true that the results of lliis coercive policy Commissioners of the Land Office adjournedwhichAuti-SIavc-trade movement It is at nocent squadrons;inspiredtheoriginatorsSo long, there-or at least tbeto extent of coast, it is also clear that if eiglity has t)een fUied in by the City or uuder Its liceiuet>e-thethey liave procured the choice of its own ser- eonditioii of Italy. In point of practical fact, ments of the gun-boats cff Cuba, prove that a in view of the expenses incurred by tlie Oocponttioe vants as United States Senators. The Legis- whatever the diplomatic theory of the matter ship of the line is not required for the seizure of said Chy, its g, aitteestboer lessees laWhreactlatlhmeiaaegaeax-MJudgment standing — achievemeuls show how much against tbe buliiLea.1 in front of Uiis in thethat the slave tliips ;ir,: morefortunateinescapingfrom.lUficathani.ilv in reclaiming said land andimprovlngtlM same." Anr'i tiiat the Utle of the state thereto be offered t«(tfaereaching greater vigilanceAntilles,simplycoast. It wouldture of vessels, but so to cover the coasts of.byBoard, beingto theto have such an in- strength of inthat on in 1808, "it is trea- Amboy Company. They have both built rail- have found strength enough to eject her. re-transporting the negroes to Africa. It is nor's advice, he had applied to Asthoitt Bfuoraacnxaa,cost involved m•of Johnmagnanimous philan-of theandwealsothusfosteruplotsSfr' *''eiyediencyresign:nnder^gned,ofwhat Kosscra dressed on the 7th September last to flu'^nviiipp^^'ii^KV^piiaiMjis known thatHungarian very feeble, it Is Often hkqnired whether lieFtesi Oar Ova Oem«i>eadaptt. AUAn,Friday.iroV.«,«MLThe Commissioners of the Iiand Office OMb lastties ol tlie City, and It would not, in the judgmaat of the underslbued, be sale to raloilate vaue aaaa tteproceeding:, rubtoriugis now about m tbe posiuou m wblcb it was com-sfon,property,greater portionofit,City b.-ingin possessionthat there is athe City for about fifty tbousaod dollars forto state, excepttlMtitle the State tias aud without recourse to .jOie Stateprice asthisindeed assessed thereon by this Board, and t>elow wbiM noto have the use of the name of the peo- ple of the State and their Attomey-Geneial in P9>e- cuting any and all necessary actions for tha reeoraryWhereapon, after some desultory couversatiaa, thedisrate, umU theeyl«ic'h" t'h"e" C^i't"y desired ^ttits'^r«i oor<oy ^^ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com— r- -S:j"Mvnn 