 toe aggrerate receipts at the present uate* i-ithoM&nafs.tbe gas* ' shettt»t*7mtRttede. At about o»e About talf-past twtv severe! heavy guns ware dts th#y wppM* **» reeu'er rwesmoS of to* dennentki psrtv, ••Hue.") It is a historical f a n that our forernmeat New, yon Twreeree, Wfciw-eltlrese, b y reueetts* open a n t 1B* IM SV.TrTT***pee"Vr1'1M0•»••"•*• ••*•*•ox.iaoaaeepaadthobegamaremaadeeensjsdaptaee•we.awTOa•••••• * eMNkttS 68 to loagih b | six toot in widih and four foot ia dep'.h.I««fMilmsarrsi at toe t--^ ti<te ^ . - • <•• W« H U UX.T *•*t»*tome**officefromto*opee-retookthesKJaagi*eo*m«ioer.(snd;aeosrwsettochii^tttbeeteamftMtj**!\an-mtioettik'thelandingat liivriHihi)wnliecvit*teee.tferatlmorallf»irmind- throughoutallthepasthasbeantbemttnguidancea-d decawattw « many<ftheuwoiacapt-leofth*ar.gay t,wot Onetab>,centaistngthecrackerr *a toKei Seventh War)tmbs. iawticb Aideniab i"!snlttim>t».n**mn».asaaevidenceofaetdsh vindtc- directorotthedenworaticpolicy. (Cheats) Whatevr movement—youperceive,Imy,aot<n«yabafetnsnadaas>ue oo portion erf tbje surplus caa be applied objectofKatelasohtodamathe*thosawor lMeS the people will rejotoe to tearef that debt will be paid off aext Jaaaaryby mauaa of wet oent wm oepaidon aextas "drat come Ar&t served" seemed to bathe wtsuof the crowd, asarnggto ensued dirocUy any of the pro Ttotom were offered, and, as to always tbe case, the ' weakest went to the wail, ' »r rather to the baokgrouni of the mob,tor by their conduct!this part of the meeting could scarcely be otherwise designated.DBBTXICTIOKOP THS F B C B . Atbutthepattenzeofthemobbegantoexpire,andUp to tang slier three o'clock the crow l kept oa in- creasing la numbers, and one person waa beard to quote Sbakspsareandsay—The cry Is still thee come.Up to that hour it waa estimated that over twentyto address yon upon the great political questions that are iiiv. iv.d In tbe pending Presidential canvass. (Cheers.) The vest mu.titv.-de of freemen that I see before me fur- nish anmkdakeable evidence that the great and beating popular heart of this country is moved sad agitated by the crista which is now force! upon us by the pressure oftor us, fellow citi-intervention: whether that departure • likely to result ia good to either section of the Union, or, on the eontrary, whetheraporslatencetnthedemandforCongressionalpro- tection will not unavoidably lead t o a dismemberment o f tbe Union without bringing a corresponding benefit to any party or any section of our country. Tou remember, fellow citizens, the occurrences that transpired in the city of Charleston during the assemblage of the National De- mocratic CouventioB. ("Yee,*» "yes.") Up to that time—let me aek you—did you ever bear a syDabls of complaintcomingupfromanyquarteroftheUnioniare-zees, tat e s consider another qaesttkomn. The North a n d tbe Soutt—I mean the great democratic party, aad 1 a v elude,alee,theoManotoatwhigparty,aowtheAssart can part)—I aay w e ail stand pledged to each other good faith to stand open the eootrtea of aon tatcrveatlsm by Congress with slavery to the famtories (aadhostaa- tta cheers.) I need not go into a history sf the past twelve ytars to snow you toe steps by which tha people of tbe United Stater—all except the aboHtloniata and the republicans—have brought nmmsal v e s t e upontbeptatlormofnon-interventionaaa.•nil ofthatmortgagefromtheir a naitnLtthousand people wore present on the grounds, about fivethouf And of nose being most of tbe time in front of theplatform, the rett being scattered around during the pre-liminary speeches; but when It became known that John- politlcal events, I fee! that it Is son waa addressing tbe people, the number around theI KDOUGLAS MIKCUE.mainstand increasedtoaboutfifteenthooeaed,there- sens,tobiherefearful that they might not be able to get any of the maining five caring more for lager and oysters than for a Here the crowd became somewhat unruly, se much so,1ference to the question of protection in tbe Territories} tiement of the slavery question. You resawahsr th*TBE GREATWhen Mr. Docglaa and Mr. Johnson were seen te ascendthe platform tbe enthusiasm which their appearance EleventhWardDouglas Club Itsentrancefromthe brothersNorthandSouth,(criesof"Tot"sad "Good") adaptedlaour Baltimore Convention in Hat tbs con-TeniUe atwfaWAwjW and Destruction of the Provlaionfl.almcn deafening, testified te tbe appreciation in which long as he could supply thsj- demands. Bat at last he was such distinguished candidates for poblio favor were held•ourManwi f t JwuBSOBt18 D0C€L1S W FAVOR OF FUSION?more or lest, be "left tha flew" to he unruly neighbors. the course of the few remarks ia which he subsequently Previoueto this, a bag of table salt had been seized upon addressed tha asaemblage he called the meeting to orderforward n the most uncontrollable manner, Hiatee, by tbe harmonious action of the delegates from Mr. Bucbaiuui to stand upon, aad for Mr. Breckinrdgn all the States, that he would have gone before the coun- to stand upon—the ptatlorm upon which they" and despite the fiery eflorta of a demonstrative try, and that there would not have been raised a shadow. went before the country as the staadard bearersFusiouPut Down Disunion.-s.willJohnson, muifed ap to the throat to a coarse blue sur-tout—when, at length, we say, Mr. Bsuion interfered,and remonftrantingly mid:—Gentlemen, unless you keepquiet It will be Impossible for us to proceed—the con- should withdraw from the Convention and sever theiri fBreckinridgeAttack o n the Idinini *tration by Governor Johnson.of Governor-n*»L.~manner, sad as they would, ia coaseeueace of national and State conventions, determined to withhold that Convention oftbe principle of non-intervention, and will triumphtatkmecontest. (Different voices—'•Exoom- }SCENESONTHECARSANDATJONES/.ND,long befere aaaa yesterday aba oars of tbe Se- cond aad Third avaaaas began to be crowded, very abort. ly after storting, wHh people goiag totbe Joans' Woodwhile <»ifcf •-the bote'i •ii-c;i%.«ed from *'a branch stand of > ' rode of thai fragrant weed, calledM. T. Ereruan, Job.. Kerr, Thos.V,Meagher, lauiteMahoney, CIUAS. II. Oonneily, A S. Vosburg, John Rogers, Edwd C. West,Geo. C.Genet, Chas.A.Secji, B McCahiU,Thos.McSpedon, Dennis Buckley, Eugene Kelly, Duil.E Delavan, Hugh Kelly,John McMenomy,Contemplateforamoment oar rapidgrowth inalltbe elements of national prosperity and greatness while we were weak. When our national oarjter of glory and pros-ma are admitted.rejected, and tbe union delegations are The secedtng delegations from Georgia aretodo—toretirefrom itopositiuii.and .*iw• a1 eroUmpen.,;to- vote as they please. (Cheers ) Tbe odmlnist oroatinopnaipier'ol,- fesses to be extremely solicitous that the repu titcaa can-by his peresvsriag attempts at liberality.A new kindofpresented to the American peop.'e tbe issue, clearly de- fined,whetherwewilllivetotheUnion as it is, under tbe constitution as our fathers made it, or whether wethe psst. and the same will bamSsfltt^ that the constitution under which J • « •itujhout ei lin ^ t t - a S? * V >onT.ntion meets, resolves to a^eurn «rnm «iay to " V wing the session of the Convention m "^saore, wai 1st these seeding delegations go to Baltimore, witngame was iastttuted by some enterprising juvenile, eon-best device which huo-aa ingenutT" !** l i v e te t b ,e T e JyJones'Jfusion ceased, andMr. Jonaoos went on—Fellow citizens, if you will ailaffiliations with the democratic party. Now,l ask you, fellow oitisens—for the purpose of arriving at the policy which probably waa contemplated by this movement- just to consider tbe position of Alabama four yearsdates for the highest offices in the gift of thisso democratic about it: some were anxious for changed from the lively measure they were playing to• theenmsideof tha eocloeert space; another,i w tarsa oleosa of am ofrr taeniae rcsasad toft*, amTwbTwU; tJS^JZSL the.read, mutton sjto beef wwe cat up, fronted on the south, sadmaes results ef thai suetmail urganuaUen. Whs*iare ton ••eemrstieaa at toe leading stateamsnef death Carol o a t What are toe deetoreiwea of ssanv ofJhn tosdte statsn. meae/OeorgaO-of Atabasnal»-^bTrsoannpn»-el t tart- sal nfloantoaaf nf Trrmt *By, tb»y aUaaacecohn you that, ayan the hsprntog sf a cartala eon-oceaakcaUy, in the anxiety of the "famished mwtai*by asms ef the party, and was thrown high into the air. sprmknng every one over which it passed with the ean- tenta,untilsomewerelaa"perfectpickle" Severaland nominated forCHAXJUfAX MB. AUGUST BXXMOKT.Mr. Belmont s appearance elicited tremendous cheers.of diacord,and that there would have been a triumphmore glorious than any of the achievements ot the democracyinthepan?Why,fellowcitizens,whytoItthatthere are any drawbacks interposed in our progress tovictory? Why, Alabama sends her delegates to Charles- in 1800? Well, Mr Buchanan says it is noi goodsegare, wticb u*»* lit, aad strolled about, apparentlyadmitted—(Cheers for Douglas.)—and tbe Union detegaenjoying heartily. Ice c r e s t , coffee and cakes, also m et/— as it <>asht tkms from Georgia—(A Voice—"Dry u i")—are rejected. didate should be defeated, and that the great s etioua) .le-. ir»ii;Oj»fa>r«B*» TiTTl 4T TV•AJ.M-»-J.J_.j/,TTTrafDV? crpxBj^wo « . j 1^0. - TRIPLT! SHEBT.—«—-«—-**. *•—'—hid*assrtar"ifthernannrlnt tBtoghne,sadaioartsrah.-a-iunderastrongpullof infancy to the strength ot tbe great Giant of the WmL bring aboot that result. Why, fallow (ThisallusionteMr:Douglasdrewforth vociferoue aayaaagerafaaaharenbtaV^oyentostIcheers,andthreeejtraforthe"LittleGiant') Whathaa catMIalpartycaabesevered,aadaaecttoaalparty.-occupied a more central poauioa. The pit at which the 4U a HW Al.tUI.L.atAXO CowA Veiswsesi.ia tbe centre of tbe enclosure, and Waa abo*tt gfteoa fbetproduced these dJwkdeee* Whv ts it that here ia Mew Turk and la all the States north of Mason and Dixon'strary v» the cuastttextea, oaa b e inaugurated into 1 without pouts* to the te*1ail the ttmhera ef ear gsship of Slau? There to danger, fallow citizen* Tho) times are pregnant with peril; aan 1 toll yon that I amroatarmlst. I have to sympathy with the polioy waistsMdWIICTIOW Or XUK FOOD.! As many ef the sarrouad^ig tndividi.als ware anxious, ing >-nt approvaj was rrequeatiy exhibited by vociferous cheers.SPEKH OFHON. HERSCHEL V. JOHNSON.«r. J jKSsoa waa then introduced by the chairman of tbemeeting,amidarenewaloicheersthatwereabsolutelywith another portionr What ia tbe necessity firgash a division of the party* Way, yea are told that itia becessery that slavery receive at the hands of Oeegrrexlegislative protection to tbe Territoriee ef tbe FattedStates, to other words, that the Congress of the DottedStales Bbail depart from th« great principle of aon-interveLtion which has been eetabbehed a s a permanent at d fixedbasisotsettlementbetweentheNormaadtheSouthfor tbe purpose of interposing affirmatively in the Ten I things for yourselves. Look st the test!asaouBMUn'uarvingcommnioe.i, w be withm tbe .-me fonoe, t h e poUoe ware kept actively engaged, running$ )KXSTBSTH WARD Due-.AS AJ«D Joameo.v Ci.cs, OmupissB Jrm go, i860I have been eratoematog; b a t I tea yon. that there » ensgar—(ssssattml—dsof them mates—(a pants, and sttoaos danger of the overthrow sf ttont—isrger that all tha iastttutwms of capital am. of commerce shall be over common rum. (Impressive alienee.)•»*""S>e>| tag M aan>£ wawsw aanaw in*«*^p m \#t*w u t i u vsTaKMTvXe * *aaa< •*>*as none bat the pram were allowed inside the same asjess theywerelegallyengagedut distributingthefood. I&et ^jf^W&*&^0f&r&P&&Ji&0&4Nh&0ww&r^w'eTVieeB*ls^#enr^S"#ii|aaWAOn#*e(^^f>gggyghASJaf' )The President C E LeWe, had a bin* rit>boa fastened to hiscoat, HavingoaIttbesameas onthewhita,es-persed, the banners beiog ptseed ia posttlm near tbe cut op in 'chunks," were likewise handed round, bat Dlatform, m the neighborhood of those of other clubs.It—to Inquire whether it is good faith en the port of theing aid pleasurable, extended to me by your committee, North or tbe South to depart from that principle of u> .1- cheers, "three cheers tor Jefaaasn. ') Mew, toitow-otnWgrato itous supply of roast beef, they retorted t o physical tone, sad tore down thopine fences and burst Intothein fact, that Mr. Belmont was compelled, aobns uolwu, tointerfere With and implore a more decorous regard TorMr.Johnson's presence "Keep still, won't beingprotected? WasthereanyStateintheUnion,ex- you;'' "T ou will hear better far, if you do, than cept the State of Alabama, that uttered a word of com-Twenty to Thirty Thousand enclosure. The police were to too small a force to keep THE PLATFORM, AND WHAT WAS SEEN ANO SAID tbe crowd aow sack, aad a . |plaint, or a syllable of demand upon the Convention or " "Back, back;" uponCongressfortheinaugurationofsuchapolioy? ("No,PaV\nla) If! lAflAa^ XWJ'iV 111VVUVWXeJ7/\af%Afl WWWlaWHOSTPmOMMMVUhSCKNBensued. Theshoutingmobrushedtotheaotarar- steady tables, en which were the provisions, and at once overturned them, with the exceptionTHEREFROM.aow;'' '-Keep back, plaz weretheexclamationsbywbi denclea of the mass were suobliged to give way aad leave his post, sad aa onslaughtat once communced. One man attired ia a puce coloredShirt waa very prominent, be having secured a hatchetwithwhiohbe backedintopiecesthequarterofthobul-lock and the larger joints that had, net until then beenmutilated. A scramble ensued to get frees him portions fro in enthusiastic anticipation of tbe proceedings to oftheseveralremains,andasfastasbedividedthesane come,badatlengthsubsidedintoaconditionofcompa- so were the ptoses wrested from ban. At last, having se- rative quiescence, Hon. JOBS K. BR*;GS appeared on theCbas tt. Baker, Wm. H. Leonard, John Bryan, with purchasers, aa did peac»ies and pears. The happy James R. Smith, Patrick Henry, John T. Doyle.:Wf*ve»y|)roIrlt6»Bt T i * pertv numbered o<rer t .«iP-» ayw ptrsonm. revwsgi uohuowu to o«r btatury asOf greatness, wbalever of glory SM grand*ur w e have lag but thaaBn"uncsavri alm*rt ia word*, of tbe ubJ-tpdred« fit »n.5hd 'i-wonby tee character of statesmen claim- ,i .T t i f respe-it aad eoondeaee of tne saanwnms peopleReeled. That we hereby ratify tbe oomlnatiooe for State ..fflenntmade b y » « o>" v».»|ti.m a* tbe regular deme- <s»a»w party aaeemhled a». rescue* august II, low .aehlevid as a aatiew. all ts doe to democratic policy, v 4to tbe seeaititotrattun of eemeeratte leaders. (Loudcheers ia front of platform) I say that so far from oebgdtomtlod tt book be n Beams of pride and eengraml t-tloo to every democrat to every section of our count! ythat he betongi s to thtt great political organizata-athrough is instrumentality this govnenmont and that Uigrncy, they intend to ad.oeato the dtomtut countryhavegrownsadwanedstrongfromtooweakness stmeUnion;aadtoeyarepursuingac• new- , muttonI MBear were cutup,rroutea on w n u u . u a£» * f U*eroB»i^t»e,o«eM«whtohw«ethe»Ue.orioaTei, J«**w * Umr*1 Ul'ou*,l InVe unevea ways uu • LttteJ 'hat m Wii:i«m Kelly, w«ba-4 V A'lea. William Mf.»*•»»•t Douglas pony ; b« is inside two forty, oa the llght-Wrgbtsad Willlsm C ^ «d-^«| we r-cogniss cfMams amongtbfmeatemioeat of the'state, representingthe MATious iSAerertaaad secttons of the commonwealth, aad li)»ttbp'rek'lloowl!lb-»-u<-*uar*oteethatthewise *IK«ero•<f»>ie>Uprtnelpleaoftnee^wtonratlcpartywillee r- ••sanfc.i-atf : n tbe admoistratloo of tha State govera- KeDt. 1 .Gash atagghspof tha two clubs bad a waite riaaoa aua peadrd from their button bole or planed to tbe collar ef their cent, aad en watch waa printed ia black the follow-o> the loading ->f these resolutions tbe popular seam line, and throughout all the South, yen nod one portion of the democratic party at w>rbread, having bean oat into hugs slices, was handed nept m e addltioaal word "President" Tbe procession deafening. He said —around en trays, each borne by two beys; aad was sa union of the Anglo Saxoa aad the German Demo I moat, cordially thank you for the enthusiastic torlee for tha direct protection of slavery. Mow, fellowt«r around you en every calmlv. Leak consequencein the face Then do your duty withfirmness, with patriotic eevotioa—aye.aad wtth a sob* lime Indiuejen« a, even to the triumph of party. Worship your country in preference t o your party aMars ( L o o *;: cratlc Crabs of the Beveath ward. citizens, I beg leave to secure your respectful and careiul After marching from tbe wharf ia processioa, ou ar greoting fiat you have extended to me upon that attention for a few moments whilst I consider the qu. a to g«« at the staff of lire, the tray would be up- riving ia front of tile platform they fired a salute, coon occasion. I am hers from the South, tbe sunny sod tion that is propounded in this new policy. sought to beset sad a seraaahle ensue. ; The meat being atoo teramrehed, then balled, fired a second saute and dis- onnstltjttona! South, in obed'.enca to a ctll at once press- inaugurated In our country, to what is to be the effect ofpolitical speech, although that waa the main object of tne meeting.Compromise Measurca of 1860, how they stirred the pop 1- ar heart and the popular mind thiougbeut aba length and breadth of tbe eouatry. Ton remember that the g"*l> principlewhichunderlie*theseriesofmassereswhicham call the Compromise Measures of lttO—that that greab principle is that the people of tbe Territories sham beleftperfectlyfreetodeterminesadregulatetheirearn institutionsintheirowaway,subjectonlytotheconsti- tution of the United State*. (•• Bravo" aad cheers.> These measures were adopted by Oaagres* They warn were assuming an aspect of com ive orderliness, tbe voice—"Yea, it was.") That we were united ss s band of acquiesced in by tbe people Noith sad (tooth. They ware)by their admirers; tbess, In one compact mass, rapidly crowded abcut the stand, and, as the sympathetic eager- DOSSto bear tbe speakers rose and fell, moved aow here, ni»there,likethesurgingsofasea.When the multitude, which bad been swaying to andsaid bag was sent aloft, until at last the cos- Bis efforts to make himself beard were so futile thtt be by Judge Douglas blmatlf, who sat directly behind Ur., and tbe empty hag could aot be tha same gyrations as when par- atony oiled, and it was left to raft upon the groundun-less moved by tha feet of the rushing crowd. Tbe loaves were now brought into use, and a large quantity of good wbeaten bread was wantonly wasted and destroyed, doubtless by the very parties who three years sincewas obliged to content himself with retreating very shortly from the stage, after his appearance there for a few moments had failed to quiet the popular emotion.The following Is the" BFOCH Or MB. AUGUST BH.MOJJT.Fxuow ;>EVOCJUTS—I thank you most cordially for tbehoa«r which you confer upon me by permitting me toton, demanding an affirmance of the proposition that tt wasthedutyofCongresstointerveneintheTerritoriee for the protection of slavery, and that In the event of a refusal to that demand, the delegates from Alabamaenough for 1800. Mr. Breckinridge says tt to aot good enoughforlboO. 80tangasitserved asthegreatm- strumtqtatliy by which toey could ride into power il was an elegant platform—( A voice, 'They split it")— bat when their sands of political life are almost m a o u t , all at once ii is discovered that this platform ia not good! enough, aad Mr. Buchanan lends himself to a sectional organization to opposition to the irreat aaUunai dssae-preside over yonr deliberations on this occasion. stand quiet in your positions, you tjrill be tn a cmdition previous to this time In 1886 tbe Damocrati: QUESTIONS T t DOUGLAS, IMSUS AJISWBRS. would almost have grovelled to the earth for one of the iCheers.) It la aa occasion tbe Importance of which not only to hear the beat, but to bis the moat contented State Convention of Alabama, through their chairman.cratic party, for the purpose of breaktag down this prin- ciple of non intervention and inaugurating anew poJlcy, incorporating a new tenet into toe creed, and thus saat- tering dtefctnsion aad discord ia tbe ranks of the damntoaee that the fun was very likely to prove dauge.uus,aa two or three sgbts bad already ensued, rush')'! ia abody aad took the barrels from tea crowu and tbe Union arrayed against us by sectional fanaticism "castabnsnintothepit,"whichlay.aeitwen,yawningto XorthandSouth. (Criesof"WewillwhipthebloodyblackAKRITALOtDOC8LAS.At about twenty minutes before two o'clock the cry ofconstitutionofourcountryshallbepreservedInItsin-tegrity, and whether this Unionj with all its blessings,low cttiasae, I don't aay that Mr. arecxiar:og* designs to catenate toe election of the republican caoai- tate; bot 1 aay that he baa got far leas sense than 7sap-of bread; some wanted to hear what Herschei V. "There's Douglas," and the passage of two carriages along and they are ours." (Vociferous cheering )shall be banded down to our latest posterity, or whethertt shall be torn Into fragments at \ the bidding of fanati- that demand. In 1800, la Charleston, Alabama succeeded posed he had tf he does not know that the course he <aJohnsonhadtoany;somewantedtoseethecandi- tnepathwayleadingfrom theFirst avenuetothehotel,drew off a portion of the crowd in that direction. As the mightypeopleonthestomp,therewassomething carriagepassedtheladies'standorplatform,onwhiohu-this day pledge our united and unwavering energies to flgtatand conquer the enemies of tbe oewstituion andgloriously, North and Soath, all the delegates from every Stale in the Union voting harmoniously in favor or theadministration. (A Voice—" Corruption.') You see its footsteps everywhere, urging electoral tickets for Breck-wetheobstreperoustea- no'»)Iaskyou,then,uptothathour,sofarasyouor Just as matters I know, or believe, or are informed, de yon aot knew that the great national democratic party waa a unit? (AROASTING, oftwo,ononeefwhichwerelargepiecesefporkaadmat- evokedwas Mattering la the extreme. Asuccession of gate, precededbyanamingbannerand uproariousband, and that we perfectly understood each other? we vention which nominated General Cass for the Presi-ton, and ibis tbe police surrounded; and tbe other, being b-rrabs. which, from the immensity of tbe crowd, wereand followed by at least five hundred unterrified retainers. At this potot there were ciies of "Our friends from the Eleventh ward are bore: "then there was a mighty com- motion on the platform, and a manifest disposition to a loud voiced expression of friendly feeling (verywhere. One gentlemin, unconscious, no dojubt, that he waa a Bib- lical plagiarist, announced at thetopof hisvoicethat "Tbe cryto,'Still they come.' "thought that this great question of agitation had found its repose upon this basis or compromise—the doctrine of coninterventtoB—aad that tt waa aot henceforth to be disturbed. And do you not believe, fellow citizens, If we bad remained harmonious, if no schism had been Intro daced at Charleston, and no new demand made upon the democracy, do you believe that there would have been a single note of discord in all MM ranks of the national democratic party to this contest? (Cries of "No.") Do you not believe that we would hare marched on to victory in this contest without a doubtdency—aa s final settlement ef tbe slavery ques- tion. In 1863, the same whig party whioh nom-nate* General Scott also adopted th.se compromise meat ure* ss a final settlement of tha slavery question, in Ula> when Kansas aad Nebraska Territories were to be organ- ized, tbIs great principle of nonrotorveation waa ambo died in toe K^naa*Kebraaka bill, which waa toted for al- most unanimously by every man ia the South, aad by a very large portion of the Northern democrats to botto HousesofCongress. Andtheprinciple whiohMmatthe) foundation of that act is this:—That the people of the Ter- ritories anal! bo left perfectly free tb determine aad regu-occupied by the principal carver, the crowd respected aaTH HUGEPAWS01TIESPIT.Sptttfaes of Stepfcea A. Dwwflas tid cured a "small momei" of about twenty pounds weight, platform, and requested that the audience be stUL In surgiogs of a crowd that swayed oackward and been nominated with tbe oordial co operation of all the it ia that tbe r.urfform wb oh waa good enough to MM forWood yesterday was crowded—jammed. All aorta mendable work, tbe unruly host seized upon the only table against; but we are fighting for the maintenance ef our Union, consecrated by the prayers of Christian patriotism. manded as a tine qua non, and the trouble that was then as in the Southern States, when there te no possible hope of reasons drew all sorts of people to that spot. that had been preserved and began demolishing the pro- beloved and blessed Union, and the aacrednees of our (Cheers aad cries of "thank GodJfor that.") And yet violently sgttated disappointed the leaders, and they that Mr. Breckinridge can receive a solitary electoralSome wanted to see an ox roasted whole; somewantedtoseeStephenA.Douglas;somewantedto see the dJetrihation of the three thousand loavescause must give us the victory. (Loud applanes.) l e t you are called upon in tola country to decide whether the were then furnished with an excuse to fly off in a bolt. vote from one of these free States. (A Yoke—us, then, aivance to the charge, and the lionhearted democracyofthisvastrepublic,fromtheAtlantictotbe Pacific, will tn November next inscribe on its banners tbe memorable words of Perry, "W e havo met the eaemy(A voice—"Well done.") In 1856 has not the same Ala- " No, be cannot. Douglas is the man.") Weli, fel-perity began we were but thirteen Slates sparsely popu- And notwithstanding tbe seceding delegations from mucratic candidates should succeed, or n itoer Uua festival, er, as Hhas bean termsit, the "Monster Demo- gentleman who had tbe company of one of the "fair H. Arcularius, Terence Farley, Wm. E. Robinson, lated—scattered along the Atlantic coast—impoverished Georgia, by solemn vote, are regularly admitted to their Breckinridge and laae should succeed, 1 f poser:'acraticRaBf—tirandPoliticalCarnivalaadOxRaast'As sex"ledhertotheplatformoawhichtbedaucingwas leonardTaylor, HenryW.Genet,Thos.E.Davis, tberoastlagbadbetapreviouslydone,tbefestivalaboaht goingon.andjoinedictheterpiichorean enjoyment,to Jsa.I.Miiler, F.W.Goohdge, Geo.W.Jackson,mit»e<iueat ewento proved, It would better bear the name away with all hw might, but did not attract so large aa u all hiof aa "ox destruction" than either ef the awe Ameer andlaaea as did tbe oee playing on tbe Irish pipes, ortbe poor old blind fiddler, the men orpolities strutted Gilbert M. Piatt, James Monroe, Bernard Reillybysevenyears'revolution,througr marched lavindicationottherig now enjoy. Now we number thin Ingall the Territories from tbe fertile shores of tbe Pacific Ocean, region of tbenorth to tbe peiseats,theywenttothatConventioninstructedtorenew Voices—("Theycant.") Iknow,bowesrer,that thisdemand forCongressional protection,andintbe they cannot—that it is impossiote for them eventofarefusaltowithdraw;yettheytook offenceat to succeed. (Cheers.) Butatallcents timyprufessthe demand, and the Union delegation from Louisiana to be extremely: solicitous that tbe republi iothemusicofabandtwenty strong. Bisexamplewas IsaacDubois, C.P.Schermerhorn.Robt.McGinuis, have properly been termed "ox eating," although, as by a few others. Tbe Scotch bagpiper blew Jsa. C. Bumham John S. Giles, Wm. Henry,candidate should be defeated. (A voiee—" T aat'a so.") Tlistening to the band there stationed. Jas. Murphy, way in aa easterly direction for tbe ptaee of meeting. FKOC1S810M n O X THB HOTEL TO THX PLXTrOXat. Geo. Law,Owen Kinney, J. T . Savage, Jr. Chan. McBrien, Wm. C. Govar, John H. Wetjohn, Peter McKnight,Kvervbodv knows and.- •*o f l h e **••» democratic party? only one resuttcan roUow;rom ^ ° « * * £ * , . ? * i & 1As we asared the spot the asual signs of the proximity ef a gathering of people eould be pin nly perceived In theOliver Charltcfc,W. H. Hayes, Benj. Fairchild, E. J. Genet, Henry Hart, Robt. B. Bradford, Henry P . West,U u t l f 8l l £ ^ 2 E £ . E £cotved "•special instructions to give away bis r* ?er and aegara to any person who did not choose to pay'-**them, aa h e (Douglasj would make the matter all right previous to the election." Tbe crowd did not seem to be temptedidentity of toe pa ti<«, tome faint attempts were made to get up a cheer, without much success.After a cheering, so vehement that for several minutesinShortly after two o'clock the candidates aad their friends formed into nreeesston, two b y two, with the exh^aTrenSned unlS f 5 " f ,did spectator any evidence that ecru and cries of have been certain-- / ?* h a r "o n t o u "' * T t e t o !J , w ^futog. isnenfcldsteto-. 1*J«~Z ^ K ^ t o o k atton , w Tlarge number of venders ef fruit, cakes, lager, ceptionofwheretheantedindividuals themselveswere, C.Swsckbamer, Benj.Wood, JosephCorlies,(Criesof"No. no.")cmntoWthTp^^though it Wto^JZ^gyZp io orittattS the poii-An. One man sold "DouglasJ. Daggett Hunt, Devise H. Oowlas, V.McCarthy. J. H.Manahon,government li a it Is no failure.") Battothisex," another had the nameefthewho were supported on either side by a friend. As theypassed along the crowd for some short time could notA. Mataran,Thos. B.Tappen,Peter Y. Cutler, C. J. Dougherty, C. Stark Newell,tendency anAl no r d e rtoa o wProPwl5h C ^ ^r £ £ ^ * ^ a e i ^ w n o t h e r or not it Is sn evi- ,anddoseiJan J. Burnett, Robt. L. Cutting, Joseph Cornell,and Alabama withdrew from the Convention, and neversought to renew their demand for Congressional protec-tion, but absolutely went on upon a mere quibble. con;umm»i6ltn*y-e«,-^r!^ astaat of toWm H Holland, Pierre C. Kane, Fred. Vultee," -" what course are they pursuing to BringTbe crowds en the ear en which ear reporter about with Douglas aad Johnson ribbons in their button James 8almon, John Vance. Riond C Downy, the Gulf of Mexico. (Applause and ,which our fathers taking offence—(A Voice—»*That will £2.">—taking candidate—to elect him tf they can? Why. fully diaoussed -the approaching "feast;" some ss- botea even thaw hate, while aosne sambas of a quieter Richard Murphy, John Qatnn. Robt 0 Glover,Its aad liberties we offence at a mere preliminary parliamentofC *""*"- making war upon tbe national democracy, about tbetemperament contented themselves merely with par- cbasuig a amall portrait of the candidates, enolosed in a brass casing ana glased, which they hueg to their but- tons by smnna of ribbons. Photographs oi the nominees of "Tassnsny" were to be purchased in all stylet and of ail siass, sad medals were to be bad tor very small -urns of money. «John H. MoCann, Jas. M. Smith,all these Territories you see scatte -three States, cover-free men in the enjoyment of thrift ttlantic coast to thead from the frozen Territories are now dotted all over with the evidences oflly flowing banks of a high aad yet advancing civilization—education, reli- lies of "Good.") Over gion, industry—("Good boy.")—enterprise, everything ' thirty million ofkeeping up a contest to tbe tree States aid ii l republicaa em States, and everywhere In the free Btat. ', they are'COM without meat for two days, eo as to get an appetite tor that affair, and were deter-mined now to have enough to last them tillithera said that they eared vary utile forshould hear, but were determined to get all they eoeJd toby many, aad >hesaid,"toway for what was tofollow.»Oo arriving at Sixty sixth street the crowd made their as soon as they made their appearand, in tne meantime John Murphy, John Richardson, Wilson Small,as two o'clock began to approach the crowd againaaanpsnad Before the garden aad water fronts of tbehotel, and occupied positions on the railings of tbe westaideanalenthe balconyortbeeast,each tryim tobebefore the other to give the first ch«ur to the nee idates Daniel W. Norris, Smith Ely, Jr., ThosKtviiu,and mountain top, in every glen and valley, and on everysmlliag plain andupland,onwhatever side youdirectwhich Breckmriag* and lane caa perform li 1 tote contest drewon-enough democratic votes from Do iges to giveP. oTMaloooy,Michael Begg,E. J. Sbandley,J. G. Breontag,Andrew Clark,Edward Halley,Reuben Rowley,John E. Devlin, O. Otteodorfer, P. O'Grady,Geo. G. Barnard, A. L. Finney, JamesOonneily, GeorgeKuater,Patrick Kerrin, J.B.Williams,jSi wait for the oppor tunemoment toarrivewhen It /•suldbetoordertoretbefreeStatestoLane. That is thedang""• t0*"*Michael Halpln; John Makewan,C. 8. Smith,J. Mcleod Murphy,Now, fellow citizens, I aak you where In all this is the devotion to principle? Why not wait until, in the regular course of the proceedings of the Convention, they would have an opportunity of renewing the demand, and'oave sn opportunity ot complying with the taf/tTOAtons of the Conventions which sett them to the r2rvenv«n T Mwho looks st the toots must sec that t. Tney are 1 tbe south- never) man M only partBernard Kelly, W. Drake Parsons, Peter Mitchell;Wm. H. seaver,Richard Squires, John Kelly, Wm. D. Kennedy, Wm. M. Tweed,that contributes to human elevation asndd ptorohsupmerainty.haOppulr-ncss is presented to the eye on every hand, on every hill truth is, that they did not wait, so r J g TM ^ . ? " is posslbiy-I hope tt will aot ba ao-but. possioij toW. J. Peak, H. O. Brewer, John Clancy,territoriee you bsbold the Smiling evidences of thrift, of industry, wealth and prosperity."Oo It, brave ooy.") lank you, fta picture as this presentslo the mlnask you to look at these fncfsuppose must have been f ^ r ^ , * ] 1 S S ^ * * ^ tbuTproduced this schiir * TfTtf-^"*** * * ^it cannot be done, bat I toll you that Bash » * « « * " J administration, if they have intelligence ««*** -° *« worthy of toe posltlon'toey occupy, arebo' ***»~ * *Presidential enwantafson ranvess and hang la front of his tell which were Douglas and Johnson from tbe rest, bat W. F Havemeyer, J. T. Hodman, James M. McLean, protpcrlty, and by 'partial de onward march of they - Wi • ** actors to tbe movement Who arepeiated.•tall,andloudlyintotmilahpersonsthatbehadre- andbyboldlyproclaimingwhotheywerefixedthertryfar that obstaclesprovisioLR of theconstitution01 ores from the mainno ft fellowoRizens,theyaremenwho,intbeconstitution underwhichwe ourfathers—tbe tmntot'Wa&Aandneverproteasedtohaveanydevo- live. (Cheers) are ma- J *" Wemocratts party. ("Good," "good.") Toey no official effort could check it, Mr. JAMS* A. McMasna, Whenever the principles of our] constitution have any V Of as never bad and who never professed to havewhenoneman,pointingdirectlytothetwocandidates, DanielF.Tiemann, JamesLynch.Tbe crowds began to dock towards the main platform of the FreemonV Journal^, read the subjoined resolutions:— been violated, or its spirit disregarded, to that see? 'T/ Alon to tbe Union of tho States What do youon which tbe apeaxers were to stand while adiressing the assemblage, and as Johnson followed Doug Us to the front of the stand some wag remarked that "Johnson was oig enough to eat up tbe Little Giant,great as be was."TBS TlATFOKMRBSOtfOTONS. extent, and t•htiati only, there are tuimwi'ikcot* ...4 *' ou see this Convention, these delegates aa-Resolved, That in this Presidential canvass there is But It is tmenow'and it has»T>i 8 *t Ricbmoni. They go there, and the Hon K.sating ef the ptoyer pitching a large cent at a disb: if the was decorated with flags sad banners suspended from will permit sectional parties to precipitate us ou new ex purpose qf protecting free men ' 4 fan coacetve «®r the » r oncoctod platform in one baud and a *J*"'r*f"1TM1omstayedintheptoosofearthenware,the "aimer'1 re- periments of government, at the cost ot disunion sad rights, and blading together J>«»4 eojoytaent of their * is other, and they say to the Coorentlon, "Give usthetbe tress, aad with ton banners of the rarioai ward clubs civil war. eoutederated States, n a m peaci ana harmony these ' Jletform we demand or we will sheath.thtafwwajsjhsreived as a reward tor his prowess twenty Ave cents foruna. antes the coin seemed to have a greater indiaa sons were oa tbe platform, besides the various speakers time honored platform of principles reaffirmed, aad tn Its federal governmer- A duty and of sower, and that tho ings in Baltimore a few men are left at,£*"?»?• »**\who were already en tbe ground. A large crowd of per- hi "Jump oat again" than to stay in the daw , sad tbe band. Aa Douglas aad Johnson advaoWto theResolved, That the national democratic ps*ty, ia its own sphere of right, r ' jtteach State may move in its bosom of the democratic party" During these rTM***•of the property stood but little risk, as eertaielynotmorethan oneparcentofthethrowswassuccess-ful. Tbeman with the "revolving arrow ' tried ti inducefa* audience to risk "two cents'* en a "turn," aad whatfront they were greeted with faint cheers, which they answaredibyenergeticallywaringtheirhats,whiohthey badpreviously removed from their heads. The cheers snortlyafterbecamestronger,as thepeoplebegantoberegular nominations, offers the only distinct, satisfactory, adequate aad effective means of perpetuating the Unionot the States, and of barmoaiziog their varied Interests, andwearethereforeauthorizedmost earnestly to urgeon all Union loving men the duty of casting their votes m thar favorofthegreatchampionoftheUnion,theberoioas- It sertor of all Us constitutional liberties and all Its consti-ing was called together to support.Slargeportionoftbecrowd, a riggers employed to ax the rope -isto walk, and who was elevateds* needs of tbe people belrto a bary earing tbeResefr been bequeathed tons* (Cheemfandcries d[ % » w ' J thta? What la to be the results Why. the vary first tbe faett calculated to throw light uron the- , n• M r .«m, •That white w e earaestiy desire tbe cordial Vellow citizens, w h y should w e be J^T^^tlm'patriots of the country, tbe moat liberal aalaead aasa, even thesewhohavebeanopposedto(hedemocraticparty, took upon the oeatraettaa and overthrew ef the nationalaf duty, toeu de your dety holdiv and fe»rtMS'y, f-:-• !- ttoaaded oa concurrence in prlsolplos;all aiamupts to establish or maintain a uakw os-t* T ^ ^ w J a r e ^ d i u g^ J & % £ 2 £ *and Laae were aaaouaced to the country us the oa^D- eateaof the deaaoeratte party, it took lute witotre '*"».& all the Southern Stats* the great mass oftbs s .:•«»•terean those of cooDieting sennmeets by whatever namettsmy bedhmned.tobnt a coalition hostile to harmo- Sdo«sseAten,a«SBSraltstog toaU its tendencies, destruc- tiveoftheiouweeuoftnedemocraticparty,aad inevi- tably tending to defeat, disruption and disgrace.Resolved, that tbe oourse of the present federal ad-t t 0 n , people regarded It - • l » 1 ^ ! * ^ " , ^ • *(Cries of "No, no.") Who demanded It? Who asked itr (A voice—"Jefferson Davis.") Was there anybody m the Territories who had slavery there that desired itsWhen at length the speaker's voice began to be hetrd, of tbe result, just aa we have marched on to vf> late their own domestic institutions in their own way, notwithstandingthesibaldingdeniandsofgentlemenwho toryinformercontests? (Crleeor••V*es,""yes"1 Istt subjecton'vtotheconstitutionoftheUnitedStates.not almost a certainty that no matter who mint have (Cheers.) It was sftses te in party convention ogam tot desired tha speaker to -go en," gad that, too, amid the been the nominee of the Charleston Convention, if he bad 18M. ic Cincinnati. Now, I ask you, fellow.citizens, w h ycannoneer, who belched forth his Douglas thunder without the slightest attention to tbe proprieties of the occasion, which were obviously head in decorous regardor toe national democracy—aa the platform upon wticb that contest was foogbt and tb* victory wen, aad they inauguratedmtopower—1say.whylaitthatthatplat- form, which was good enough m l a w , to not good enoughmany pounds of provisions they thus wickedly destroy- cannot be Impressed too much upon our minds (Ap- of audiences sad the moat comfortable of listeners. reported and adopted a aet of resolutions, one of which ed.ThebreadcrackerswereaowservedinthesameBieuaeandcriesof"Bravo!")w*ehavecometogether("Order.")TheoccasionthathasoroughtuatogetheriswasInstructingthedelegatesfromAlabamatogotothecraticparty,andthushazardingoursacntss.andmaking in order to pledge our support to the nominations of our one of momentous interest. (The* rattle of a bursting Cincinnati Convention and to demand the affirmance by it probable that the candidate of toe rapes)toae partytheir shape, fly along with great force and tbethirtyfiveelectoralvotesorthegreat Empire State thunderstandforamomentinterrupted the gentleman's intheeventofa failure togetit,thattheyshould then muntostehim,"'•Pathlmout,'"Skin him") Mow,fal- swiftness, they became quite favorite missiles, from Abraham Lincoln—(prolonged cheers)—aad thus speech.) Inequations tort now skitateu*are questions withdraw from the Convention. ("That's so.") That low citizen*, I want to make an appeal to tooto save this glorious republic from the horrors or dis- that d.>, as they ought to, agitate the public mind from was the position of Alabama In I860. Just four years conservative feeling of every man within tho to the annoyance of many persons who were union and anarchy. (Loud cheers) We have come to ono extreme of our country to tho other. (At this point afterwards, Alabama, under the promptings of the same sound of my voice. I would bo glad to hit over the taoe and head ; .reby. At one time about a getaer to listen to the heart stirring eloquence of our no- leadership, shifts her ground. Her Democratic State Oon make an appeal to the sonservaUve feeling of every manhundred of these eateles were in the air together, coming ble and gallant standard bearers—Stephen A. Douflas, the Mr. Johnson was interrupted by the excitement which vention Instructs her delegates to go to Charleston to deto tbe ground In a perfect shower. After the ammunition bold and fearless champion ef tbe constitution aad the bad been occasioned by the blatant band of policemen mand what ? Not the doctrine of non-Intervention, as iaofwbeatebfoodhadbeenexpended,tbebonesandre- rightsoftbepeople,andHerscheiV.Johnson,tbepatriot who,havingseizedonanunfortunatedissentient,violent- I860,buttodemandareversalofthatposition;tode-another, followed b y portions ot the fence, and lastly oy Douglas and Johnson ) In order to share this rare privi ly ejected him, amid cries of "Put him out,'') It is be- mand intervention, to demand Congressional protection assfl)urorcrackerbarren. Thesetostmissilesbeing lege with yon I have sacrificed tbe pleasing cominginusasfreemen,thatinth»00011090007wemeet intheTerritories;andintheeventofthisrefusaltoanythingbutlight,several parsons werefelledtuareoy, duty of attending the celebration by which together,aadthatweshoulddispassionatelyconsiderwhat withdraw from theConvention. Now.fellowcitizens,tn this broad Union, and call upon him, ^respective of all mere party considerations, to rally upon this doctrine of non intervention, to rescue tt from overthrow, aad to see to it that the government shall net pass mto tha hands of a sectional party, either North e r South.(Cheers.) Why,fellowcitizens,torbsItfrommeto utter worda of disrespect te rstorence to oar chieftrate. Beoccupiesapositionwhichoomwiaaes homage and the respect of every man who krvea themalntag joints of the most were next thrown atone and the statesman. (Renewed applause and cheers lor8C61fStad IncidentsTbreuxhoutandonepoorfellow,receivingtheopenpartoverhie tbecityofClevelandhonoredthisweekthememory isourdutyinthismomentouscrisis.(Cheers)Tbe youperceiveatoncethathereisaperfectrevolutionoftieDay,greatDouglasbarbecuetoover.icstitutiocsofonrtoad.Butwhatdoyousse? Iarc gaabes tn hie countenance, preventing him for a short ufi.-r a most Moody struggle against the most fearful odds, day is cow passing through an ordeal which will test its refuse to come up to the doctrine of non-in- you to took at plain, naked, ladtaoutabto facta, that arebead, was for some partially extinguished. T&e u«ils of aa insurious kinsman of my family. It is forty seven sentiment. I suppose it waa hoped In I860 that the thatwereintbestavesofthebarrelbutsomenatty y*ars sincetbegallantPerryfought andconquered, greatdemocraticpartyoftheUniteoStatesinthepresent National Democratic Convention in Cincinuati wouldintegrity to preserve its government for the future as Ithas preserved It in tbe past. (Cheers and "hi, hi's.")We havo a happy country. (A voice—"The cannon.")We nave a wise government—the price of Revolutionaryreceive them. While they wer** engaged In this com- republicans.") I know we have fearful odds to contend blood. (Confusion and cries of "Order.) We have a groat doctrine or non intervention, which Alabama had de- inricge and lane to be run in all tbe free States, ss welltime frees extricating hiauseif. Xbe OOIMM, begunng the enemies of his country on Lake grie. (Cheers ) L etbamareversedherposition?Shecomesupaaddemands intervention Congressional protection, and her delegate! are Instructed to withdraw in tbe event of a refusal ofinseducingtohercausea targe portionofthedelegates pursuingiscalculatedtoproducethatresult. Why,wc» A Voi- s—We'll give them a broadside that'll sweep cism and sectionalism. (Cries of '] Hurra!") This great from the Southern States—the cotton States. They united are the Breckinridge men ln your free States? (Voice*—their decks- democratic party of the United States is a divided party. to that demand. The demand was refused. They wita 'Custom Bouse officials," "Post office patronage," "NavyWearessparatedbyschisms. Ititwell thatwe drew. Andthereupontheremainingportionofthebody Yardmen." laughter.) Why,fellowcitizens,itisa there were a number of couples dancing, tne bead thereon Mr BaxxoxT—Now, gentlemen, tbe Hon. Thomas C. should inquire whence tbe necessity for such a proceeded to tbe adoption of tbe old Cincinnati platform, notorious fact th at to all tbe free States the entire sup-fusion; some for confusion; some went to the Woodfor one cause and some for another. The result then passing by. As the two candidates entered the hotel adopted as follows.—'Hall Columbia," in honor of the distinguished personswas great—immense. Twenty to thirty thousand they were greeted with vociferous cheers from those there peoplewerethere.Thescenewasanoverwhelm-Around tbe hotel the people began to gather in the hopehere before. The enterprise, the movement, the of seeing the "Little Giant" make hie appearance at the 8erjamin Wool, Elijah F. Purdy, Hawley D Clapp,convinced that they were likely to be disappointed, and Geo. VT. McLeaa, Peter B. Saeecy, L. J. I.idea, monster demonstration in view, if this metropolis so began to scatter about the grounds, some amusing idolpho Wolfe, Cyrus Lawion, J. & Nicholson,goes on increasing, and the Union survives, our themselves w t h scopptng, others with electrifying them- Nathan C. Piatt, Wa». C. Conaer, B. Lawrence,ingone. NothinglikeitinpoliticseveroccurredFB.Cutting, GooDouglas, A. V . Stout,VICE FRBSIDEKTS.HughSmith. fiustavus Lenedc,JohnJ.Bradley, NicholasDunond,interest?Ithaaiieensaidbythatdistinguishedstatesman who is the great head and front of the republican party,meetdelegations,thesameastheotherdelegations,from officeholderswereatlibertytovoteasthey pleased,ac- all these Southern States, and are confronted by other de- cording to the dictate* ot their judgment, and that theirField will read to you tbe names of the Vice Presidents. The Barnes of the secondary officers were then read andupon which we had fought and conquered to 1852 aad in port of the Bred inridge ticket is composed exclusive j ,i' division, exists in this great political brotherhood. 1860. Bat the Convention did not make a nomination. office holders under Mr. Buchanan, and their sytsf*a- Was there seer a period, fellow citLiens, in the history of Out of respect to these seceding States, and In order thtt thr/ers (A vote.'—"That's so.") I don't dispute the our republic when we enjoyed more protection or when the vacancies created by this withdrawal might be patnoi ism and tb e integrity of those gentlemen who hap-we were crowned with richer blessings, when labor re filled, an adjournment Is made to Baltimore. We pen to be so unior tunate as to ho.a office under Br. Bu- chanan. I knew Mr Buchanan wo. id issue a ckaee. end?ceivedamereremunerativerewardorcapitalarichergothere,andwhatdowemeet?Why,weletItgoouronnbetelegraph,totneeffectthatallbinIsaac Bell, Wm. Scairmer,spectacle, was a stupendous success. With this doors or one of the windows; but tn this they were at last H. ti. Stebbins, Geo N Sanders, Andrew H. Green, that our povercmenl, since the year 1820 has proved a these seceding States. The seceding delegates are In- to do so I tell you tiiat, in tbe trse States, thone whe sup-political meetings in 1864 wilt have to be held inselvestosayextentforthe"lowchargeofthreecents,"Rich.F.Ourmau.BarttottSmith, C.G.Cornell, D. c Jackson, Thos. C. Field, Wesley Smith,while a ft •*>«r party, whowtre not fortunate enough to Richard Busteed, A. V. Williams, John Oimond,failure. fThis assertion was followed by some disturb structed to go by the way of Richmond, and thence to port him would dwindle down to lere tnao atoorporai e ance and a very emphatic contradiction—"That's a lie " ] Baltimore, and to renew the demand for Congressional guard. (Cheers) Fellow citizens, it tb- tdmAntetrai'onLest your minds should be imposed upon by all this, I protection, and, to tbe event of its rejection, to witn- that is cow in power supposes ' •• begofyouIDdecidethisquestionforyourselves.Why,drawfromtheConvention.Fellowcitizens,youcanre-thattheteopleofthisoocnt spect the conduct of men, whatever they may do, if you these facts it is mistaken; if it euppocsir, eo far from our government beinp a failure, it has believe they are actuated by principle; but when tbe democracy a* the South doii't under*'.. . O"J<» cornea t beenonecontinuedandunalterable!marrhofprogressto conductofmendemonstrates thattheyhavenodevotion en. (Cheer lhe people begint<- •re blind to freedomandglory—(cheers)—andthattneverystepwe toprinciple,butareactuated byotherconsiderations, meat,aad1- uthattheuprising tr..*'tutnational nave achieved something also baa been achieved by us lor you are bound to withdraw your respect from tb is country will pour upou the a. 1 . . 1 is misus- thecauseofhumanity,ofhumanLoerty,ofhumanhap- their action. These contending delegatesassem- tideotindignationforthiswantof '* UiiH WC'-bled before tbe Committee of Credentials; the lar will and freedom of opinion that .. *>• • . c 1' .K-l^il' X piness and of human civilization. (Cries ot "That is so.") seceding delegates from Louisiana and Alaba- in mere self defence, to retire voiut i.r . w M*. k>c t aCentral Park. the acre.Our people wiU then be counted by$etapw*»-rt 'ha boCTok, beganregalingthemselvesat AndreFroment, JohnCochrane, thevarieni>snail*wenroastbeef,sandwiches,soda,sar- Jl.ttConnolly, A.Eickhoff, saparilla •< -i. he Othtsra tfwmbled around a man with J. A. McMaster, A. Dugro, abanjo,w«ioi?i;«-.«iatnoukeleetioneerins;speechwith JeremiahLambert,HenryWood, •great wtRor &vi gueto, to the delight of his audience; Wm. Miner, Dr. -'iflor,tervention, and that Alabama would then have brought before you every day. What do y m witness in good excuse to withdraw. But tbe Convention all the free States of thta Union ? (A Voice—"Gc it, old marched boldly up to the Issue, unanimously and boy.") Why, you witness, you see, the fingers of thalegations appoinU-d by the national democrats proper in political heads would not be cut ofl. And if they ds>ed!yuur gaze; wherever you torn your eyes over our broad sume the demand they were P sf*.. acted to make. Now, I "It can't be done"—"It's out of the quest! oa.") 'hopefailure(Cries of 'Not a bit of it. It ctu't b tent only has tt been a failure—In have been thrown in the way ofcanvassasweb diatwewouldhavetriumphedinthis is this echkv ' • P b ') But, fellow eittaens, whyour intern- adherer1Untitled Document.* may also move in its appropriate .ug Its a&airs so fat as the power en- M managing those thing* whioh pertain tf*prosperity—suchaconstitutionIsay,strictr j . to la tbe future, will bring as even richer frui' M .tlsfiieithassecuredtousinthepast. (Cheerd)journ from day today, in erase to seep tne ne«_n The bolt at Baltimore is coosummated;ttoaatkrm ,;„ .»S. w«ii oftbe Meefcanies' Institute, and they withdrawthere," toeVnomroa^es^ Vic*vtfiey TMTM*ZZrim£m, of Kentucky, aad General President, .sphere, conduji' trusted to It *fe a glorious anticipation for us to gv.nceafter this the Seventh Ward Club, proceeded by their hand worthy associate on the ticket, the honored son of . those Territories we now cover shall be carved u',, into r ^ r a t e d i t o meface^of a sensible|peopter (A t this upon wliioh'they have been traced (Inmseaaeapp;~^<^>e r t < l a U yDumber the petot stopped st, the phvyer was entitled to 2" £? .l? i * .*£• " * * • « * • **>* meaTatortly tutional obligations, Stephen A. Douglas, and his m * ' afcog the viBta ot future years, when ail I 3 ^ i ^ a t a t e s Why, was there ever auoh absurdity rate forever the rite treats of Liacototom from the sandsTBI WOOO. OoenteringtbegroundtheayetostrestedonabannertheeffiMeef Preai and the ear was sainted with the martial sounds ef a large brass band playing thesf «*sawl fhl—lla" Onup their position on the left of the speakers, raising theResolved, That the regular organization of th* thisSlate,havingadoptedanelectoralttc>dance with tbe usages of the party, and str .et 1« acoor- platformadoptedatCharlestonandBaP **dtocuponthepie, aad when our population, liktoad of beir.g thirty millionsasaow,willbethreehundredmillion*.^;agreat, free and happy people,—(applause^ who cannon template thefuturewithoutfeelingproud,' ,thelaanAmericanSS^iSXSJSimt^ to the singing and hootSr^wdtopreeBrve order.) Bear to mind, alter thisnominationwasmade.th.seceding delegatesassembledtocether and they make a formal nominalloo ef Breekin-this poultry te devotedly true to the great democrwmj prlnclpie-tothegloriousprtectpteofaoatotervoct,*—aome banner, surmountedI by a golden eagle, and a bra* South, Herschei V . Johnson. band, entered the grounds, ans their principal man took*hs sovereign States, covered by a free and industrious poo- ^ ^ ^ e o n r u s t o n ensued, and tbe President of the I tell you, tellow citizens, tbektoe great popular 6*art ofbanner aloft.Duringthis timetbecrowdbegantoin- rapidly, every car, seemiagiy, being com„puT/towith our country as It is ? W hy Should anyheoy MorwlyandmtrKitioally.(Chee«,aao ortosof••w«a "good boy."J to toe outset, feilew c&a**, of ti. -. fitaatoaoftbedamocratlcparty,wearead- orSouth,EastorWast,bea*»»masedjrith «*•"«£tlow citizens, If suchofthefairandcau- "We will trlr xT*in PrecoaiDg ones. (A Voiee— conduct01 ^"^^roc ortoeold potdieeenctiooarytbe future «hwfa*nre,nueeandLaneastheircandidates. Now,lank youtothe resolutions or tbe convention' ..imore, aad under citizen? (bravo) who Is tt that' the heart to indulge in hear m mind the antecedents of tbe leading spirit* who Wutnm. (Cheere) 5 5 a V ZFZLV?UST T lrhosM President of tbe meet them, pledged to the support of D- ^ which nominated any course of policy calculated impede our march ia composed this Richmond Convention. Do von believe wtociplesad this pobcy whiA will carry them to a he creed, bat as his voice couolkd call upon all conservative S - , jogtos and Johnson, we our career ef prosperity, or to a course of policy that unless Shore had been a perfect understanding »r««t triumph, if there be no factious opposition to toeof tbe moti they took up support, that in this oenr., * Itotan seen te rally to its on the 1itrt of aay faction or any ical party of men, among the eeeeders of the anabsasnd Convention that foooeaatfta* 'movement. (Cheer*) Fellow cttizw, I theynoticed infrontdo aisuBlon,and,therefore'* -emSheonssttonisunionor whichmightresulttnthesev ofthisgreatsister theRichmondConvention would havenominatedMr. ukyouwhatistobegainedbythedefeatofthenatiowal t that they eiptos can march uty* ' all men of conservative, priuci- bood of StOes, end rbe extingatai of that bright and Breckinridge sad General Ian * Don't you perceive Oeroccratte party, as ooatcmplated by BreAloridge w-d theyr^atfyI tOdOBO. umph.thatwew' Jsfem*bannertovictor/aniltri- glorioussawofhopewhiohhasTtbertosustained thattherewasadistinctunderstandlcg,bothLaae?Iaskyoutolookcalmlyaaddknjiasstanatelyat mously adopted • jDrm the -followiag resolution uuani- animated ua, and which encourages tbe downtrodden upon the principle upon which they would act the countdefences. I aak you to ponder sotamc <. -« n n T ^ h W a g g a d ^ ^ 2 v « ? ! ^ ^ ventioa, beta # the anew meeting of the NattoLei d.o- nations of the earth ts look forward to the time when they before tbe country and upon the organisation ef the prosab.e results, and after you have surv«,e. -emostly to some other party than that for which tbe meet- ISW.vix at tn* Park on the « t h of September, too may enjoy tbe blessings ef uberty, * * £ » * • £ the party? What is the legitimate tendency ef alt whole ground and made yourselves umiliar wilt 1*rior well to look ' PF U"S L £ tUSTSSi dlvXm to e, .ntry mid to p r i n t s . dence or toat oeip dewottoaJ!TauitmautobeS stateaman whose bead issilve.el o^erwiththefrostorage,andwhois•—abo-mutittoowindap a t s n g ^ c a r e e r i n p u B l i c l i r e . ( A V o o i c i c e —e - " I h o p e . he'll take a wife to bis latter e*y*» ILaughter. > What should Buchanan say to Breckinridge aad Ln&eP He ought to s a y , withdraw from this contest. (Cheers and voices —"That'e so.") He ought to tell all whom ho could control, North or South, retire from tha contest- do not throw any obstacles in the way of the triumph of democratic princlrtaa and democratic policy—do no; pile vp mountains ia toe path of our progress over wb<cbth* party may not pens—get out 01 the wsy—(cheers)—seep the track clear. (Cheer*) That would be the vo<«oC pulley and duty. Buchanan ought to say, further, let the (leople bare tbe free exerctoe of their will—procla'ui to- tbe world that ail under coauaantion 10 thevanoua le- partments of the government, all conntcted with tc<? ad- ministrate*, you can vote as you please, and you that! not be condemned to tbe guillotine for exercising your rightotvotingasyourconscience dictates. Letthatb* done, and I tell you, fellow citiseaa, tn»t there will DOa fir* ofwaimbrotherhoodkindledintheheartofthedemocracy of the North that wl A sweep over the country and oblite-WeU bv reason aa by dearly purtoased ex be disposed to dtatarb the existing ordsr «JM°**>*\ bo urn'on m a be either successful or tolera- diar*>.£ita kindle toe fires of faction " d ^ ~ ° r ^ * r a ^ « democracy with alarm. Many of tbe strong ligatures eoetott in wh*h we sre sow engage J, *t»eu Bee A _brethren and dissever us anddtwhich bind together tbe North aad tbe Booth have aeeasevered, aad toe great national democratic party Is teeonly political organ mUton in existence to whishyoucsntook tor tbe preservation of the peace of theoeantryWhat roust be the object and intent, tbe inevitable effect oftbeproceedlegsofthesessssanas.whenweknowthattheir eonrse wfll lead to the overthrow of tbe nation*! although their judgmtot oi£u>p>ov«:f of todbol^fd!?k* ;^?£v*outtttsticketforwardaathet u etMin^lV^'^'T"^ £ , K / wtis one or the toedlaf spirits of that Convention.*Po'tcy of this movement, it isthat of allowing the panto of fej*"**^*TMTM toeriahtofsi^government withinthelimitsofthecos- » icy of himself • rstothetigb-Sboeesrs.,.«an«dl ecri.es.«of all I ask youthere were thousands "of saen la the South who «*»• . toarsons said tbe ,• bat be was only oc- . **** i n M < r to seen ityet.")0 with fheir i.e-ty»amthereastory.coThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetbethan*duty ssSootoersm-utog• -B • uii^hi tm KAlirv* iKml '¥ •dissatisfied^Yet,Newbwww.fYoFrkulton 13069|oo oVdtacnrd* tbreagtotot^tner^^oultonhim 