 ... fv.* »withtto fmeet tire requirements of the patients in the Hospitaldied. The distinct hospital clothing for inmates islionre- JderedtoWfurnished,andthedefectivedamageinthenewwinghasbeenrepaired. Theheating apparatus CooperUnion,at10fco'clooka,m.,and1\o'clockp.m.inrtancee departed from, a s t h e circumstaaoes o f & ••d.the tftines, in biswho#o."-~ officialThe liev. Walter Clark, D . D., of the Mercer-streetOS «0C>! to the'rc-dayted toa n o nbo-: id in-vulylalitywas, littee the.etc.tobe- llofi£e-fciynt <om- eiits, rhoJd ^238,lihsread ,520 werewith drea ttk>n pEkm idaySta-•5. of aider gaxd. a o f 9 b $elie- '••heRev.Mr.King,remarkingthat he (Dr.Sawyer) irWtlio vulgarities of the old heathe'n mythologies. Assistant Treasurer and Depositary Agent—VS. D. Ward, esq. given us, and a ground that w e challenge the living would, be ashamed to have been there.mty nor& l^ofi>od, los-\ or-' the 'The Key. Mr. RICHARDS of Boston move J the last!reeo uticn: i1$Heiolvei'., That the benefits whidithe Bible, in our vernacular,! j After a prayer by the Kev. G. W. HAJS-COCK, D. D., of afternoon with an audience interested and attentive. Men are not easy with inconsistent statute books. A ssj^n.Si-vie : /B oa TSO a.adpt-r-txosC titeiWtfC••r\»-' 4Hoosee have/been equally crowded, and the .patrolmen erate their speed. Wherever they wont they wouldare half broken down by lugging drunken men to aud lind that the people were sinners. Wherever the Biblejourred.Not njiore' than 500 persons were present, probably lulving been, praised so as to forbid their e'alo by the So-manner of imparting instruction] to deaf mutes, andshort personal sketches of some of the most interesting. not know how to vote. If that is so, said Mr. Phillipe, of the pupils. After prayer by the Kev. Dr. BuncRifeD,. then 1 don't know how to vote for her. If she is like-yi .Davie, LL.D., Mass.; the Rev. Mr. Boswell, Me.; the Rev. M. Society adjourned till the second Monday of May , hjive the luxury of the truth in its original grandeur. B. Anderson, LL.D/, President of Rochester University; the• i l•:itiont of |l>eis)ical, Atheistical,, rationalistic, and Popish1 theories! a n d doctrines, a s opposed t o the Spirit and! teachings of the Bible. H e concluded by7vindicating; the clainis of the Bible Society, and commanding itsi planofimerations,anditsworkgenerally,tpvt,hepeo-|"The resolution having been seconded and3adopted, the'.hehckliction was pronounced a n d the meeting a dgranted them for the year which h i s now closed, their Success having exceeded their most sanguine hopes.'Statements were then read showing the doings of the Societyduringthepastyear. 1hewholenumberof tracts-printedwas54; copiesprintjd,,J|,h29,fj;>d; pages. r),'655,600. The'whole number of volumes published ly them was. 67; copies, 131,577; pages, 16.627,93i>. T ieycontinued to circulate The, Mtsserlg'cr and Child's Piper, until [December, 1859, when-thle purchase pricestitute is one of the noblest charities of New-York, and its annual exhibition is always one bfthe most pleajsai i featuresof.theMavanniversaries.Theexercisesves-/•'IThe recent order leaned h y President Boweh of th eBoard of Police Commissioners, acting in the capacityof General Superintendent, t o the Captains o f Police,pointing ontthenses for which the station-houses glorifiedcoursewillnotreachitsutmostlimituntilthe bfehal|ofanaggressivereligion. Heargued that.the under their respective commands were designed, a n d endsoftheearthandtheislandsof the searejoiceto- B^ibleiwasabooksettingforth andjustifying allkindsof aggressions upon sin and iniquity, and that a Chrijs-prohibiting them from allowing police magistrates to gether and bless the Lord for its coming. When God,mbisgreatgoodness,reA'ealedthiswilltoman,itwas tisnjty:notmoldedaccording to itsteachings.washol-hold court in said houses, has created considerable dis- a just inference from the benignity of his nature that lcw and meaningless. He said that if there was a time affection among the police justices, and they have he would give a perfect rule oiduty inall the relations "Wlien a spiritual faith in.the supernatural and divirlei•j ——9"•,been made for a full supply of hot and cold *wator\THEANNIVERSARIES. m».———.hoibs mad<j happy by the offorts which had been alreadymado. Last year, the friends of tho Bible in Pennsyl-vania had promised to raise $10,000, and they had m/>rdwenty-four years, being provisionally organized in Vfay, 1836. It had received up to that time (May, SCO)for all purposes, and from all sources (exclusiveand the defectiveness of the washhouse isbeing reme-FRO0XAXKB II.—JU-murk* b y Dr. P«*rt.[Undertaken in rather a singular way to retaliate upon the Commissioners. For many year« previous to the iwue of said order, upon the arrest of any drunken rowdy, obstreperous shoulder-hitter, o r brawling poli- tician, during the' night time, his friends would hieand conditions of life, to rulers, ana people, the parent w;is t<i»be held up to the world, it was now- H e glo-great deal wUh. H e supposed Societies were a good Dixon's line, where w e ask whether w e shall pitch a thing, buthcbelievcd in every fighting on his colporteur over naked or with his saddlebags. If own hook, like the old Revolutidnary soldier, undHheii iKey filch his papers aud burn tbem, they are likethe the. Gospel-would spread further..than itMrs. ERNESTINE L . ROSE was then introduced. S h e was in favor of agitation; stagnant waters, whether physical, social, o r moral, could only b e purified b y agitation^ Whateverhasbeenaccomplished,muchre-mains to be accomplished, but the remainder will be comparatively easy, for the first step is the most diffi- cult. Frances Wright, nicknamed Fanny Wright, w a s the fii-st woman, to speak of tbe equality of the sexes,instantly to t h e residence o f a police magistrate induce him to hasten to the relief of the prisoner.andtions inculcating that the chastity of the female slave is as sacred as the chastityjof her mistress.and she received stigma, slander, aud persecution. B u t she had her reward—the reward n o slanderer can pol- lute—the eternal reward of knowing she had done her duty. "The speaker reviewed the history of the Wo-men in whose hands the punishing power was placed,andsetatfulllibertyonlyto defy thepolicewhoar-returns blessing for cursing and prayer for reproaches, oncfefemoved the whole earth, and, as the adversaries charged against the Apostles, " turned the world upsidetl a t was doing this work.The heathen nationswere now fast opening to receivetie message contained in that book. I h e whole world wasbecomingsubduedtoeternaltruth. Hewasnot so sure'that the. Bible had not. been invoked a s a great instrumentality in the conversion of souls. The churchonnected with Slavery could and ought to he discussedn the publications of a tract society, was it the provincefservants'ofthatsocietytosftiiitupdisussion,andtodefeat the wishes of their sovereigns ? I t was a niiser-seek hie father's aeses. T H K TRIBUNE didn't know ahle abstract-ion w e were obliged to make of ourselves. for Woman's Rights. (Laughter.] "O ur printing that it was not David, but Jesse! (We would suggest Some of our ladies here would he very poorly satisfied offices and stores are filling with women. Instead of to the reverend speaker that it might have been Saul.) with the treatment of being locked up in a closet by standing behind t h e counter and measuring tape, t h eiui, I'. i'• *O r BXBJC0I8W.thestarttheydidnotmakemuchheadway,becausethey did n o t know h o w t o tnko hold, b u t that nowthey were doing very prosperously, and were helpedeven b v slaveholders themselves; for such there werein the City of New-York who confessed that t"hcy had David R. Tillinglia»t, Wilh* Hubbard.'•'>$.AMKKICAW BOARD OF CotmISSIOMBRS FOR FORHIOM M isaiotrt —In Dr. Adams'* Churoh, Madiaon square. Speakers—the Rer. Mr. Ltndley, Missionary from South Afrioa; the Rev. Dr. Pratt, Miadonary from Turkey; and others.SursDAY, MAT18. ;'J AMXKIOAK FKKALK GtJARDiAK SOOIRTT (Annual Meeting)—:. In the Broadway Tabemaole, Thirty-fourth street and Broad-way,at7£o'clockp.m. tendentoftheCitvCemetery,WardsIsland,forthe ;A-rfKiTHRSAKTOFBRTUCAXSUNDATSOHOOLS,atDr.Dow-treisuryoftheSocietyupwardol$13,500.'Theresolu- tionwasadopted.• J p e Rev.'Dr. Frsi.iHn, President of Hamilton Col- lege, movcld the next resolution: .•Ived, That.'the Bible, God's richest revolution to men, is fmffitoinentlV the book to educate tho educatod, and to givo truoearnirgtothelearned.ate)., $811,87215;which;ithasexpendedatthe nodcratocostofabout21 percent for personal-ex- ifcnees,: including rents prior to entering the Bibleouse, the salaries and expeuees of officers, agouti andilerkB. •. ' • | •Beside all dee done with the money confided to this Society, it has put in circulation (1.621,815 copies ofTil.—Exhibition of4pupil*.fromtb«yoBng»«fcclaw,vfo*• Mary Fanwood, Matter Abram S . Gardner, CharftyBiAtfis in progress of perfection. Simple arrangements have been made fipr t h e transmission of all cases of small r»ox. A room for the private examination of female patients has l>een provided, and also a private ward es la Wished for obsteteric cases. .Propositions a r e being received for the destruction Of rata in the several buildings on Randall s Island.VogeUang, William O. Jonen.IV.—Exhibition of 5 mrmbcrg of tho Hi/jh Claw, via:Farming implements have been sent to the Suponn-r.ent, which is abont two copies for every dollar it has The CHAIR corrected the impression that this was a pererogation to speak of the Bible to tho learned. •eccived, namely, 619,315 topics iu this country, Bostonsociety,audstatedthatitsimplybaditschartervVImSirWalterScottsaidtoLockhart,«fBringme >02,500inGermany;and500,)00inIndia.Estimatingthere;.otherwiseitwasanationalsociety,andconse-' 0,StoryfromSign*. . ' , 7.Incorporationofneveral.word*intoasinglesentenceorLot*remark* on a particular subject. : V .-Signs. Jcultivation of the land. Izf £•'The clothing for the children on Randall s Island is •beingmadeattheinstitution-onBlackwoll'sIsland, and directions have been given to competent parties to examine the eDgines, and test the boilers a t the severalinstitotions. ' ThemanufactureofsoapatthePenitentiaryispro- gressing fairly, and is thesubjectof communication Jfrom the Warden, and orders have been given to send all grease accumulating in all the Institutions to theKng'g Church, B<»dford street, at 7\ p. m . Adreesea b y the RCT.m Book; J What Book V " Why, there is but oneBoijk." Tlhe secret was that Scott-was dying. AndeohtithHejnryClay,theBiblewasthoonlybookkept 5,129,075souls. I,on,llis table convenient to his bedside. It.was a simplecomforteryi and consoled in trouble learned as well It has translated or aidedin'the translation of thequently held its anniversaries a t a central point.After the singing ofah excellent hymn, by the choirof persons running to the Tombs to look after their Dodge,andHenryJ.Bakertofill thevacancyocj- drunkenfriendsandrelatives. Henceforththeywould casionedbythedeathofNajahTaylor. iigrandeur,notmerelytogratifycuriosity,buttoliftup thei;lindfrommundanethingsheavenward,risingstill.which wasunanimously adopted, andthe'follo'wing Boardofofficerselected:Prcridtnt—The Itov.B.T-Welsh.Corresponding Secretary—The Rer.DudleyC.IIaye8. Recording Secretary—Vv nrrenCart?r,cflq. Treasurer—George Ouult,esq.cietywasunwillingtostandatthebywaysandcross- ingsofthisgreatcity,watching partiesupandparties down,andaskingpermissionofthem whatweshould do. •beeninvitedlothe Holly-street Church, Boston,andif,hewasnottherebyruined,itwouldbeamostfortu-natecircumstanceforhim.Dr.Sawyercommenting*everelyon theproceedingsattherecentbreakfasttopursue this course.A report w a s made in regard to Alex. McKenziewhose death wassaid to have been caused by his inmping from one of the -windows of the Alms-House. The communication stated ti>at after jumping from the window,McKepzie didnotseenitobemuchifany ways injured, as he jumped up and ran to the bake-house. He said that he jumped out of thewin- oow to avoid the Devil,,who was following him, but the fall bad knocked the idea out of his head. After his death, which occurred some time subsequent to the jumping, the physicians made a post-mortem ex- amination, and their opinion was that he died from pneumonia. T h e deceased was very intemperate, and while following his business, a stevadore, had fallen downtheholdofaship.OnmotionofHORACEHoi.DE'K,"esq.,itwasresolved, Jiforiimantoliveinthisageasalearnedman,andInotthatthenewBoardof Managers meet on the third ThursdayofMayforthepurposeoforganizingthe Board.Itwasalsoresolvedtoissueaninvitationtostrangers "Y^hej-owasthephilosopherwhoforhisowngloryBible Society was held in the Academy of Music a t a Several communications were received and referred late hour, the Hon. THEODORE FRELXNGHUYSEN in thecatioi from the Earl of Sliaftesbury, President of th e Biritiehand'ForeignBible[Society:1 | ' | . »-*LOXPO.V. April 2,1860. 'LRJBINJBRXKI)ANI>DRAJISIK:Allowmetoacknowledge,with r sal gratitude, the honor you have conferred upoii>mo, and thekindness with-which"you accompanied it.'Apart from'tho deep intercut I feel iu the welfare of tlie.Amer-i :an Bjffple Society, I should greatly delight, were -it possible to jay a yifrit to the United States. .But doubtless that satisfaction viouldwbc much increased, could I, b y so doing, ronder any ser- vice, however small, t o the mighty and Holy work you have in land. \\: .-. " . \jl'.ut ihy engagements are such as t o leave mo no leisure of any kijnd during t h e session o f Parliament. I a m overwhelmed b y t usiheVa which I cannot decline, aud which I can barely exe- cute : while the claims of a large family come in to coni2>lete the ejecupation o f my whole life.I say nothing of the long sea-voyage, an undertaking to which I IIIJ unaccustomed, or to the other difficulties that mightjbe iigedj 1.sjhould bo happy to set nside many considerations, ilf I ck'Uld attain the means of showing my respect to your admirableon- your toes, w e are where every man must take care WRIGHT of Auburn to preside; for Vice-Presidents: of bis own toes. Under such circumstances we breathe Mrs. A. H . Gibbons, Wendell Phillips, Asa Fairbanks,'to the Committee of the Whole.The weekly statement is as follows:chair.TheRev.Dr.YERMILYEreadthe45thPslamand offered prayer, after which the PRESIDENT delivered the opening address, as follows:W e meet the forty-fourth anniversary of th e Amer- ican Bible Society,-with much to cheer us in the past and encourage our hopes in the future. This work of faith and labor of love h a s n o t faltered in its course, but each succeeding year has increased iu interest,and spread out its influence as the wants of a perishing world have been felt. A n d while *the agitations thatnow disturb the tranquillity of the world often alarm the fearsof the most nopeful, t h e friends o f the Bible may find,relief and comfort in the fountain of light. The Word of God is a truthful expounder of His Pro- vidence, and all these convulsions and overturnings aro explained, and w e are prepared to expect them. I t is matter for grateful reflection- that the revelations.•freely. [Applause.] I f men! say we are fanatical, b e itso;Iamafanatic,andexceedingfanaticalwhenI think I am right.Antoinette Brown Blackwell, Robt. Purvis, Thomas Garrett,ElizabethJohns,Giles'Stebbins; forSecre- taries: Mary L . Booth, Ellen Wright; Head of Bus- iness Committee: Ernestine L.Rose; of Finance Com- mittee: Susan B. Anthony. ' ! • .Number roiiainins Admitted to M«y 5.April,2 8 , I860.. ;•••*••7,382 1,754-K^HMMBM^^PVI •»••••••*••••••••••«••••Sr>nt t o Jr>juit«iitiaxy S<sit to State I*ri*onNo. remaining May 5, 1860•••••« 9,136 36,524 1112— 1,673We stand here with perfect mutual confidence, withno apprehension of power behind u s ; w e stand heremutuallyjtosustaineachotherr Dotheyaskto-daywhatisourplatform,weanswer,theBible,theWord thecanse. Thetoneofpublic feelingwaschanging; of God, simply, only fully, entjirely. Everything n o t the press was coming over, a n d the pulpit would come only upon its"right foundation, but everything in its to their side. She referred to the law passed by theI fPntaLBellevne Hospital Ltmatic Asylum. AlmsrHou<<e X*WitentiaryJPVork-Honse Wrnall-Pox HoopitaL789; Island Hospital, Pm Work- 1,502 House. '700 Islaud Hos|dtal, from Alms- 79) JCLOUffO* ••••••••••••••• • ••282Randall's Island Randall's IslandCity PrisonSecond District Prison . . Third District Prison.The Board adjourned-271- Childrrrn a t Nurse 500;City CemeteryThe speaker read, but vestefdiiy, that what bad' sepa- rated them from the other Society, w a s " a miserable abstraction." A wedge wasja'miserable abstraction, which,! if driven into a log so a s to separate it, would make two other miserable abstractions [Laughter], b u t there comes a time when miserable'abstractions become ponderous realities. I f such questions were miserable abstractions, then the whole Gospel a n d the cleansing blood of Jesus were miserable Abstractions.MAGISTRATESAND POLICE COMMIS-well as of judgment. It shall accomplish by its divine energies the restoration of our race to the purity and liberty of the sons of God. Philosophy may boastJ*of its influence in,elevating the mind; yet nothing but the Bible can reach the ills of our fallen nature anda,( d ham heartily I shall join in their supplications to Almighty tree course(J iristls kingdom and glory.Your most obedient, humble servant, SHATTESBU.RYl[Revi Dr. Hoi.nicu, New-York:Hospital v . .218 8rjciity.'. IPiay express my sincere thanks te the Board ofManagers, andahead forthe Society* If so n uch had been donedu- ring the la'at year—a"year of gloom—what might not be expected from the'future?. The Kev. Mr. ARTHUR o f .Albany, w a s t h e -next speaker. He said the. Society was a Christian, neces- sity, and the world could not do without ..it, so long as there was a sinner on earth. 1 he Bible was the only' • • * • • • • • • • • * • • • • • * • * • • • * > •976 Fourth District Prison.- <>Xing for want of time.The Rev. N. A. RJEID of Middletown, N . Y., movedthe acceptance o f the reports, a n i made a brief address,explaining how he fii-st became interested in the Biblecause,'and his assured conviction that the circulation ofliberty to cut out anything because there are people of thejr property and children as a gratifying evidence who affect tobe;disgusted. W e take nosuch ground of progress, and hoped fora much more important step as was token in the gentleman^s prayer who supplicated in the next revision of the State Constitution. A n very earnestly for blessings, bint then courteously .allusion to the munificent donation of $400,000 to form closed,Lord,wedonotmeantodictate,butan/answer a.collegeforwomen called forth applause. Mrs,An- to these petitions will gratify this wbole community.86 285 -. Mi' "•Jolored Orphan Asylum... 18024 Colored H o m ethe Scriptures was the most legitimate mode of extend- £< iciety, oiuu my earnest desire lor its advancement and pros- ing the Christian religion. Hesmv a bright prospectthony reviewed the position o f her sex. a s relating t o "civil rights, showing that constant and gratifying i m - provements have been made and were being made,, aa thc'-natural result of the twenty years of agitation in which t h e leading members o f this Convention b a d been engaged. I n this Slate six women h a d been lec- turing lor several months' during the past-year; in 40 counties con ventions'had been held, and lectures deliv- ered in 150 towns. Great quantities of documents had been sold and given away to anxious readers. Beside securingtheWomen'sPropertylawandtheBoarding- Hotif-e act, progress was made" toward giving womenthe-righft of suffrage, Senator Colvin being of tho opin- ion that such an amendment to the Constitution ^might be•carried with proper effort. Mr. Stanton said t h e presentvearwould hedevotedchieilytothe Stateof Ohio, wmere the Constitutipn'was about to be revised,rettedthem,andtomaltreatthosewhourgedthecom- down,"andtheywillbytheDivineblessing.shaketheplaint. I n order, to remedy the evil and to protect the earth again, in these latter days; the tokens are abroad,tages, which should spur them o n to renewed efforts. Mrs. Rose referred to the fact that Messrs. Brady and Beecher,andChapin have•declared for Woman's Rights. Only think of it, she said, a minister declaringquires the police to take forthwith all persons arrested to the nearest Police Court) conveyed a n intoxicated man to the Jefferson Market Police Court. X o magis- tratechancedtobepresent,itbeingafiout12o'clockin. The Clerk asked'the name of the prisoner. The officer said the m an was too drunk to give his name, upon which the other informed him that he would have to Convey the accused to the Station-House, there to re-, main until sober. The officer, finding argument use- less, returned with his prisoner to the Station-House. Similar cases have occurred at the Lower Police Court,fthe magistrates directing the officers to convey their prisoners t o t h e station-house, a n d keep them there until they were sober,, when they would be examined. An officer of the First Ward, who, with th e greatest difficulty, had conveyed a drunken man from the lower part of the city to the Tombs, was directed to take the man tothe Sixth Ward Station-House, and lock him np there until he got sober, and then appear with him for examination. Heretofore, in cases of druuken men, unable t o give their names, and they were very common, t h e Magistrates have granted temporary commitments upon t h e affidavit of t h e officer, a n d towarti the close of Court hours disposed- of twenty Or thirty anch eases at a time, the prisoners having meantime slept off the' effects of the liquor in the.prisonphers find statesmen were moving heaven and earth to word Botitke, meaning " to put under the water.control the national elements of power, but the Bible Societv reversed the plan, and by its exertions in the circ^ulaiion of the Scriptures, taiight men to control t h e m s e l v e s . B y t h i s m e a n s — t h r o u g h , t h e s c h o o - musterandthepreacher—ourcountrymenwouli be-helpedontheirwaytoaloftycivilization. Just so lo,ng as they supported the Bible Society, theyBible, Mune size, without accessories,' for Jews; a Pearl Refer- Cells. The Magistrates claim that they have a right to ence Bible, equare18mo. ; a Pearl Bible, without references,same size; a Cherokee New Testament, 12mo.make such disposition of their prisoners as has been AUKNTS.—There are forty-one agents employed by the Socie-The Rev. Mr. STREET offered a resolution constitut- ing a Committee to call a Conference of Congrega-mentioned, in accordance with a law of I857,jbut it islather singular that they never hefore pu€ the law inexecution. Taking all things into consideration, it i-»ty, including one in the Levant, one in Brazil, and one in Mexico. • iGCNXKAI. SUPPLY.—This work, commenced four years since, is still in progress, with much encouragement. $GKAKTS t>y MoNKY.—These have been made for publishing and circulating the Scriptures in Spanish America, France, Ger-tionj of truth, and lessons would, if permitted to have free course, bring about that consummation so devoutly] to-be desired—the unshackling of our fellow-men in bondage.! .' •Jy,wK< (BROWN, esq., seconded the resolution, aud it was adopted. .of The Independent., the Rev. Mr. Meigs, missionary in Ceylon, E . W . Chester, esq., ol this city, Mr. Lind- ley, for twenty-live yeai*s a missionary among the S,ioux, the Rev. D r . Rufus Andert on, «,leading Secre \i\vy o f the American Board, and alsof the speakers of the day. The church was lilled, jmd jt'ully half ofthe persons present were ladieB. .the Congregational UnionsA motion was made to adjourn.President BACON—You don't make that motion to cut oft' any one from speaking. ?evident that the magistrates, instead of pwtecting th epolice, as is their bouuden duty, are seeking many, Italy, Turkey, Syria, India, China, Africa, and the Sand-The MOVER—No, Sir.After a pause the Union adjourned.[For Collation, .see EighthPage.]wich Islands, to the amount of #38,25!) 77, aside from the funds to throw every ohstacle in their way, and expandedhitheBible Houseinprinting foreignversions. Our extended commerce, a n d numerous missionary establishments this recent action on their part is in consequence of the abroad, are making increased, demands every year for means to Order issued by General Superintendent Bowen, pro- prepare and distribute the Scriptures iu diflerent tongues. Of this we do not complain, but rather give thanks to Goo, who ishibitingthemfrommakingapublicconvenienceofthe thusopeningtheWayfor HisWordamongallnations.DEAF AND DUMB EXHIBITION.The Academy of Music w as thronged yesterdayStation-Honses to discharge ad libitum the ruffians of our city when they are unfortunate enough to be ar- rested.•AdayortwoagothecellsoftheSixthWardStatiou-Housecontainedtwenty-fourcasesofintoxication,-which the Magistrates refused to have anything to do"With, until the prisoners were sober. Other Station-The Kev. D r. PLI/MSR of Baltimore moved the fol- in thi;ir xispective tongues. able in the building, and nniny were compelled to re- woman's right-lo be hanged; therefore you must grantfroatthepleasureofthePoliceMagistrates.wentitsaiu-towoman,"Thouartloosefrom-thyin- firmities." A Hindoo woman had found this secret, and believed in the Bible becauso it said so many good thingsofwoman,andtaughttheirhusbandssuchgoodpwinjt<thethreateningstateoftheweather.•X<iety,theircirculation,exceptafawC<>]>ies,wasdis-Mr.IIARVKYP-Yi>v:r,thevenerableprincipal-of!the manshecertainlyhasarighttovote; ifsheis"es-continued, alter having distributeld a total of 9t;-l,00t) institution, made a brief and appropriate addrews, jset- sentially different, then man cannot be ber interpreter,copies. They iissued the lirst in. tinK forth some interesting facts Concerning tho pupils, and she must come into the legislative hall and speak nib^r of The Tractthis "Club w a s held o n Tuesday evening, a t taught m e n to respoct woman b y revering their moth-the headquarters of-the Republicans of the Ward,ers. Jesus had taught this lesson, by saying to*one of% tie-latter, 105,000..' T h e total c< st qf their printing, ni minds left nearly dark by partial nature. . Jle an- reason why she should bo represented. It i« ***<* 17'J.- inaddition,thestorkiu1'"Hi«-' cureoftheInstitution,andthat!nearlyallof.them Butwhat-wouldsheseethere?.Why,shewouldsee.FRIDAY, MA T 1L WoKAn*gRIOHTSCojrvmrnojf.Mootingwcontinuedlath«tbi n redeehied that note by. raising and remitting to the )f the Bible-House fund, which has been,keptf separ- Rev. Mr. BVLT.AKDJ agent for this city, stated that atL—Prayer.Dr. Asa if,. Smith, Dr. Dowling, and others. scholars.Singing by the'five readers to one copy of Scriptureo, probably a small jstinmte, the Society has i,"iv:;n- the Word of Life to1. Imitative and descriptive signs. Sidney J. Vail and 0eo«y» andcongregation,theRev;Dr.TYNG, theprincipal W.Long. 'WRDKRSI>AT, M i T i e .M r a a s n i * LTBRART ASSOCIATION—Election of President,Vic«-Preddoat and Board of Directors. Inspectors, George D . Nichols,Win.F.T.Chapman,Wm.AMarlineandBenjamin Price. Pollsopenfrom8o'clooka.m.to9o'clockp.m.v SUNDAY, MAT. 26.speaker of the occasion, was introduced. H e began by 2. Narrative in signs of given Bible characters. Peter Wito- cbief.' .'.Corinthians, and offered prayer. • I baekj of all those elements,, governing andcon The following gentlemen were duly elected Managers trolling them. T h e study of'tins book—tho Bilbleanother$20,55766,andin184:ftheywere $18,44685. thetimeofthesingingofthebudswascome,andthe Thev reached the highest p^int-in 1854, namely, voice of the turtle was heard in the land. If it wasinthecitytovisittheBibleHouseandviewitswork-A motion .to.adjourn was carried. | gested ithat the Bible Society should print the Hebrew'The PRESIDENT then declared the meeting of the wjith the English Bible, in|order that the learned might 1ManagersfortheensuingThreeYears.—The Rev.B.T. .Welsh,D.D.,thoRev.DtincunDunbar,theRev*E.Levy,'-Wm. Phelps, ftobert Colby, George Gaul;, T . C. Seam. J. W . Da\is,deviltotakeawayfromus.[Applause.]Weare here intheconsciousnessofourright; wobreathe freely. I am happy we are in this house, the Church" of tho Puritans. [Applause-!] Lam an Episcopalian, because I am a Puritan. [Laughter.] W e have no necessity of choking off debate by an adjournment, nor of calling in the Sampsons of! the L a w to choke th evfeebleApostlesoftheGospel. Wehavenonecessityof hanging by a series of false excuses becauso wo are afraid to confess the deeds we are doing. What w eTheManagersthenproceededinabodyto thp Academy of Music, to hold the anniversary.THE ANNIVERSARY.God's work was not only'a mission to th e unlettered/ butIliBWordwasaiwoktoteachthelearned.Rev. Howard Mulcom, D . D., Pa.; tlio.Hoa. Ira Harris, LL.D., Y.Y.:Wm.Todd,esq.,N.Y.;theRev.SilasBailey,D.D., Ind.; the Rev. J. C. Burroughs, D. D., 111.; tho Hon. Albert24S0j .Total., . • • • • • > • . . . . 7,463 of the Bible concern purposes of mercy as (Sod for the " fre< of his word, and for the promotion! ofSIONERS.siTh^.Rev. Dr. SASNKTT of Auburn, Alabama, moved tie next resolution: " • ' ", I .It is the sword of the spirit to slay the enmity of theheart, correct the errors, and b y God's blessing lift u pa lost world to the hope of Heaven. Wherever it tlre highest and best interests of the human race.goes, light a n d purity and salvation attend it; a n d its Theiricverend gentleman w a s warmly eloquent inandchild,themasterandtheservant, insicknessand sorrow, in health and prosperity, in life and at death.rujd in the American Bible Society, because it con- tributed to this great work of enlightening mankind— because it'points out the path upward—heavenward.er.tiianitdoesnow. ashesofWhitelield. Yourreport tellsyoutbattwo-MOBRsDAlLY"TftlBTJNE, f^RIDAY, MAY 11* I860-4-expended—total, $66,098 06; bidance on hand. $902 80. Of the pages circulated in the Slave States. 300,000 had been sent there t o orders entirely unsolicited. T h e7He always preferred to speak of the Bible to thosewho were unlearned. It seemed to him a |work of su- he &acred Scripture,, .of either tho Old or Now Testa- immense deal of mischief. . • -as t nleamed. It was a mistake to think that Biblical Scriptures, into fifty different languages and dialects; stating that this'was one of the most interesting and 3. A portion ofShelley's "Cloud." Fanny Sniith.investigationwasmerelyadaptedasanexorcisetoNew-Yorkduringthepresentseason. Hecouldnot butCongratulatethis,theparentTract Society•ofthechildren. Itwasabookdesignedformaninallstages nomentops, expensive, and in every way difficultof|life until he enters beyond thescan ofmortality. work, to which whole volumes instead ofa singleimonstratingthe teachings of the Word of God.| Alcjdg Joi the elements combined in any aggregate, jbu in twelve of which they have been less than $3(),0J0 no other had experienced the present week. Lo ! the Presbyterian Church, read the 13th chapter of 1st .that) was not enough. There were principles at the >er annum. In one year tht v. were $21,04"2 58.'. In Winter was past, the flowers appeared on the earth,for the next-"four years: Norman White, Wm. Forrest1, enabled us to learn that God's great'truths were, $46,097 31. " . lime that the fox threatened and attempted t,o breakcommitment. Such action would tend to clear the Fred'k S. Winston, Kalph Mead, Arch'd Russell, throjvn before us in masses, and that he idc- The Committee on Nominations next presxmted their down their stone wall, they could reply, w e will take Universalist, bred by them and made what he is. B u tPrison, and would serve te prevent the constant throng Fred'k H . Wolcott, James W . Dominick, Wm. E . 8ign<d mankind to.study it, to cull its beauty, and report of. the proposed management for the year 1860, the little foxes that try to steal our grapes., This So- he had forgotten his father, also bis friends. He badtostidythe;Bible,isasham. Nomancould become trulyaccoihpliehed«8aliterarymanbymerelystu!dy-We,standupon.theground thatthelivingGodhaswould not .deceive the world 1 The dignity of a Bibn-cjd mind was the benefactor of'the world. He sug- LiapcnardStewart, Win. Wfiitorton, Wm. A,Wulkor, andVVin.WOMAN'S RIGHTS CONVENTION.Tbe tenth annual Convention of the friends of Woman's Rights commenced yesterday morning atth«Cooper Unions' There were about 1,000 persons pree-% ent,ofwhomseven-eighthswere women,andafair' proportion young and good looking.Mrs. SUSAN B.ANTHONY, Secretary of tbe previou*|WiB.CROSBY,esq.,seconded theresolution,andit Day, Conn.;theRev.J.W.Tuggart, Mich.;theRev.S.W. W«sadopted. , .1. Adams, D.D., Ohio: tho Hon.J. II. Duncan, Mass.; Josephthing which did not explode o.' become effete; m is-give,the sufficient remedy. Given'for man itis y2icb<>lved,ThatthisSocietyisentitled tothe,heartycoopera- .sionuriesimdSocieties wore oit,buttheBiblewas ThisSocietyhadanunrestricted field. Atlastthereadapted to Ins wants, his- tendencies and his character.tion ofjfejvcry philanthropist pud Christian, because, in the prin- c pies tipon which it is based,*'aud iu its grand design, it proin- iilenlly represents those great central ideas which most concernever freehand working. Go circulate.the Bible, with-, was a Society that was not restricted'tc-'tobacco and out note orcomment, and then f<Iks would know what dancing, a dirty man's mouth, and a silly woman'sBaptism was. Mr. Arthur was. jvidentlv, from his ac- skirts. W e believe the oppression of man*to be a,sin cent, a Scotchman, and with traditional Scotch frugali- against God, and the selling of him to be an enorntity ty,bedenouncedappealsformoney. Theobjectwas. inthesightofHunwho madehimiuHisownimage, not to raise casb^ but to save sot Is. H e felt ashamed breathed into him His own spirit, and said unto him , to hejir brethren mourn over the "The gospel is of power to turn men to righteousness, Tlje Bible Society was founded upon the very idea o any other. H e thought bis bretliren 'now^a-days were rom Christian families there, asking for what w e onlyand to meet the best hopesof theChristianandhis aggressionupon the Kingdom olDarkness. Hehadlargest desires.' L e t t h e heavenly ( doctrines o f o u r seen the agents o f t h e Bible Society distributing t h e Saviorpervadethemindsandbecherishedinthehearts Wordfof Ged throughout theslopesandhillsidesintoo"fond ofspeaking in high ]ibices,gettingpopular .angivo'them. -Where canshellfamiliesgetpublica-of men in any age orclime and they will rise. His laws of. forgiveness and forbearance, Of love to ene- mies, of meekness under injuries, of a charity that seek-lis part of the country Lo the.poor and destitute; thus it wnsimaking aggressions upon the empire of Satan ina poor colporteur had none of this,ambition, no wordlyhopes, and therefore had nothing to think of, except hisMaster's work. So he went in for this kind ot inis Servant." H e continued: When, in l^oY, a Commit- man's,Rights agitation at some length, showing how,- sionaiy work. There was no da lger about our liber tee of fifteen made a unanimous report that tho vices by successive steps, they had gained various advan- ties, if. we read the Bible. Newspapers, were good intheir wayj but they were defect ve in knowledge oftheBible. Forinstance,therewasTHKTRIBUKKwhich said the otlier day that little David went out toFor many year» past thousanda of worthless vaga-bonds have been screened from justice hy the very eth not her own, that overcomes evil with good—that tie true missionary spirit. H e loved the Bible SocietyDr. TYNG quoted the rhyme- in wl ich the word "men" is substituted for "tbieves" in " the Africanand we hail them. The Bible has taken away the re-police in the performance of their duties, as well as to proach that the Christian religion could not' .benefit a c -crywhere ought toadopt the Bible as the great organcarry out the purposes for which the Station-Houses "Were designed, Mr.Bowen issued the order above referred t o .Within a dayortwothereafter an officer oftheEighth Ward (in accordance with the law, which re- Gentile, Barbarian or Scythian, let the thought kiudleof trut^h which was the certain precursor ol elevation, pi-conviction,conversion,happinessin life-andhappi- ness in death.-: H e had seen its fruits wherever h e had trivekjd; take it out of the world, and oh! what a vacuun would be left. The true idea should be to teachlinen to!govern themselves. Political philoso-people until civilization had prepared the way. The1in his heart that compassion h a s been felt t o r him-in Heaven—that the son of God wept and bled for his re- demption from sin and death, and now offers a free par- d o n o n h i s f a i t h a n d r e p e n t a n c e , a n d b y t h e s p i r i t ' s scalingpower,hissoulwakesuptotheimmortalhopes that spring from such sympathies. B y its sanctihed power, man has shown another temper, under the con-truthtion without it. Wherever the Word of God has found favor, it has given wisdom and peace and all that is excellent andofgoodreport. Whether'it,beJeworis, there can b e n o sound and enduring civiliza-old King Arthur, the Welsh-Briton, and from parents in Dunbarton, Scotland. .AH th e Irish were originally '.Baptists; S t. Patrick wasaBaptist;andtheoriginal"Gaelic Bibleusedthespeaker concluded, with a n eloquent allusion to the fu- Mrs. J. Elizabeth Johns of Oliio, the next speaker,ture that Jay in store for a benevolent society that was j presented a resolution declaring that woman's sphere, built so manifestly upon a foundation of truth and justice' cannot be bounded; that the laws of mind are a« im-astheonehewasaddressing. * mutableasthoseoftheplanetaryworld,andthatthe Addresses appropriate to the! occasion were subse-, true woman must ever revolve around the great sun of quently delivered bytheKev.A.T.PRATT,M.D., moral.lightandtruth. Sheproceededto.advocatethetrol of better principles and reaching after higher and J w ul'djaid in the advancement of civilization, and i:iGaelic Bible for Ireland and Scotia nd. This was the best thing the Society could at present do. A n Irishman was just as good as a German, i nd deserved as much help.more than three hours.• \AMERICAN CONGREGATIONAL UNION.one's.position. I t is so in art, and should *be so'every- where. The other day she saw a man-milliner holding up a bonnet on his soft hands, and expatiating on Henobler ends. Commending this sacred enterprise tothe Divine benediction, let us enter upon another yearwith stronger faith and hope, in the firm aud humbleth£ spread of a true and everlasting jChristianity. He was glad that, notwithstanding the differences of opinion! in various sections of o u r common country,The Annual Business Meeting of the American Con- merits. A lady tried it on, ana he went into ecstasies; Thereportswerehere adopted und orderedtobe gregalionalUnionwasheldyesterdayafternooninthe itwassuchafit,andsobecoming! Hecomplimented printed inthe minutes. ity Assembly Rooms,the Dr. BACON* of New- tbe bonnet, and then hecomplimented the lady. She The Kev. KOHKKT LOWRKT m ide.the next address Haven in the chair. Some twenty-five persons were could but think this man was out of his sphere, andtrust that the Word of God shall never return untoHim void. • ' • . ' . • • the}- could meet on one common platform under tn3uals, t o Ihe amount o f #47,628 80. ,IS'KW HOOKS.—A new German Bible, 12mo., has been pub-lished: a Modern Armenian Bible, 8yo.y with references; a Ni pariel Testament and Psalms, 32mo.: atDiamond Testament aud Pealrus,- 48mo.; and portions of the New_Testanient in Cherokee,Minion Reference Bible, square, 2-lmo. JNow in preparation.«. >.»....v~ *.•».16mo. a Minion Bible, without reforences, same size ; a MinionBync pat by and patronage.. Mr. HKNIIY, inthe course ofa long speech set fortb AMERICAN TRACT SOpIETY OF BOSTON. the universal adaptation of the Bible to the moral anc,spiritual wants ormankind. The Bible wabtobethf The annual meeting of this Society took place at 10Sles w b ch the Bible set forth would furnishithe antn rient gentlemen were seated on ;he ihitform as Vice- otc tbj.11 these evils. I t s teachings, a n d (jlissemimv Presidents, among whom w e obse -vea D r . ThompsonPresident BACON made some remarks on the import- ance of anannual interchange offeeling and of plana for the furtherance of Christ's |work, when the anni- versaries called'Congregational ministers together.WENDKLL PHILLIPS came forward. He spoke with erpecial reference to legal reform for woman. Oriental civilization made woman a toy; but as we go west-lowing:Retofved, That the Report, an abstract of which has been read, be printed and circulated under the direction of the Board of Manage**. _ ' . . .Besaidthatoftheeighty-onenewauxiliaries formedduringthepastyear,fourwere onthis sideof the Mississippi. The.geographical center of tho United States was 479 miles beyond St. Louis. They must therefore enlarge their work. They must accel-He mi.de a long speech, which.consistedv)f refuta-i tiide to Almighty God for the^pros;>erity which he had main standing through the entire exhibition..! This*In-herrighttovote. Butitis»<aidthatwomanhasnot got sem-o enough to vote. Then so minp the more t-hame on our .schools.' Educate b e r . Y o u think she • hasgotsenseenoughtoearnherownliving;andif»o, shehassenseenough toeaywhether Fernando Wood or Governor Morgan shall Jake one cent or ten cents out of her pocket, with which to buy fireworks. But it is nkid woman is so different from man she doesJdvrnal inJiulyoflastyear,andTh ChildatHorni their progressive mental, enlightenment under forherself/liedidnotbelievermenandwomenare •70,000; .monthly circulation o f no former, 85,000; gradual development' of intelligence and capacity, pid state; bu^ the fact that she i» different is the varyKelsonCrawford,Vice-President,intheChair,W. BAKVIUJLOMKWT.WELSH,D.I.).,President!,tookthe were tempted, tried,' a n d persecuted, even a s PaulE. Pabor, .Secretary. After the,transaction of some was, tho Gospel said; " My grace is sufficient for you." chair.localbusiness,the Club wasaddressed byJames E. OurScriptures,likeourSavior,came)togivetheoilof. Wharton' of Mott-Haveil. M r. Wharton % remarks •joy Jo those who mourned. A s to the goodness of thatcause there was not the shadow of a doubt in the mind were tothe effect that the nomination of Mr. Seward of anv Christian who was a Bible Christian.would be the strongest and betpt fliat could be made by Tin" Bev. Mr. TOKKKM'K, Secretary of the Pennsyl-the Chicago Convention, lie believed in the lead- vania Bible Society, seconded the resolution, lie saidership of a live man in 'preference to any fossil stand- '.bat if all the Bibles in that monumental pile in Aster a w l - b e a r e r . A t t h e c l o s e o f h i s s p e e c h h e w a s l o u d l y p l a c e w e r e b u r n e d u p , a n d a l l t h e i s s u e s o f t h e B r i t i s h and"Foreign BibleSociety weredestroyed,thentheAMERICANANDFOKEIGNBIBLESOCIETY,TWELFTH WAKD CAMPAIGN CLCB.—A meeting of things regarding''them. In our own nation it bad ' Tho ' wentv-third Anniversary exercises of the in December—rthe toi:d circulation of which had been tuu HVHtem of education pursued, and the tbesame; if they were, marriage would bea vey stu-aid this is; stating in a single sentence, an extremely important meetings which assembled, in the city of4. Dialogue. John H . Roche and Gertrude C. Walter. 5.Mrs.HeMjanV*MessengerBird. CarrieH.Park. 6.PasfagefromHolland'sBitterSw»et. MaryL. Ooodridu 7. Campbell's"MarinersofEngland." JohnH.Roche.', •'.merhornstreet,Brooklyn. Thebusinessmeetings wHlbo•held1 thinkj contained therein,buthewas likea foreigner >fEurope, chiefly tnro'ugh Mr.Oncken, more than tionarisingfrombeneath. Fora.while,themanagement Theresultoftheexaminationswasmostsatisfactory; in Hcstet street, during the week following. 1 whapaid a rapid visit to this country, and thought he *100;000;' some $500 in Africa; $3,000 among the of the Tract Society had been in the hands of a junior showing conclusively that the teachers are competent,Itjdpes hot stop at the elovation of mankind. It was entence might l>e devoted, without any exaggeration. United States, the mother of, us all, like the Jerusalem 8. Mrs. Pect's f Day Dreams." Gertrude C. Walter.TBB HICXSITB QDAKKKS will conveno for their public yearly I requisite as a stronghold, a support, a happifier.' H o The: Society has expended through the Missionary above that was free, in its meeting this morning with 9. Christ Stilling the Tempest. G . C. W . Gamage. meeting, on Sunday, the 26th inst. at the Meeting-Houses in He«-'| rebifembered a young man, a minister, who ran through iJnion, $173,000/; the English Baptist Missionaries^ all the circumstances of the divine benediction resting 10. Hiawatha. Sidney J. VaiLStorekeeper, B . I., for that purpose. ,- jHas9«s, wbitewashers, a n d blacksmiths have been ter street, Twenty-seventh street, near Sixth avenue, and Scher-j| the pBible and thought that h e had comprehended ovory- ?50,000; in Germany, in France, and parts of the north from above, and all the happiness of Christian reciproca- 11. Tlie Lord's Prayer. Fanny Freeman, v >directedtobesenttoRandall'sIslandfromtheinmates of the Penitentiary; also, prisoners to labor at that place, and a t the City Cemetery, -under charge of keepers, and a boat ordered for their transmission to and from the above places to the House of Detention. The Committee also report that, b y the discharging ofemployees a n d reduction o f salaries, a decrease o f $24,820 occurs in the amount of compensation allowed. The report was unanimously adopted, all voting int h e affirmative.President DRAPKR stated that under the new lavrt the Commissioners were empowered to remove from the'City Prison to the Penitentiary all persons com- mitted b y Magistrates under! the ten-day act. These cases were sometimes very freqtfent, and the Prison "was in consequence much crowded. There were among these prisoners many females, and he found that the persons committed as he had mentioned formed a sort of revolving community. The same faces might be seen there the year round,' and he thought it mightgsrhaps benefit the poor creatures to send them tolaokwell's Island during the period expressed in theandthattheysparenopainstomaketheirministration* effective. Tneaudiencewerehighlydelighted,andth* p r o c e e d s o f t h e d a y ' s b u s i n e s s a d d e a a h a n d s o m e s u m t * thetreasury.KEW-YOKK ASSOCIATION OP-UNIVERSAL-ISTS.This body met again yesterday. A long discuaeio*washaduponfinancialmatters. Themost interestingportionoftheconversationwasconcerningUniversal- tliers? Commentators had written largely on the >enditures have been $25,55) 56. TheTreasury is system against which their consciences revolted. They ism. Complaint was made that theUnitarians did notTHRORTHODOXQUAXSKS'meetingbeginsonThursdayofth* sqmeweek,attheirMeeting-House,nearGnunercyPark. | T h e W o m e n , w i l l h o l d t h e i r m e e t i n g s i n t h e u p p e r p a r t o f t h eMooting-Housea,atthesame timewiththeothers.AMERICAN BIBLE SOCIETY.. BUSINESS MEETING.knewallaboutourinstitutions,whilehisknowledge reallywasvjigueandunintelligible. Hetoldthaty o u *Indiansofthiscountry; ingratuitousdistributionof lie,'Scripturesinthiscountry,about $50,000;and 1*50,000 u p o n B i b l e R e a d e r s . T h i s i s a d d i t i o n a l t o ibo'ut. $173,000 expended upon the manufacture andbranchorclique,whowerepilotedbyanotherpilot, andwhocourBedoveranothersea,thanthatwhich,the- S o c i e t y i n t e n d e d ; n o w t h e y ! h a d s e p a r a t e d , a n d d i s - ownedthesamebecausetheyfoundthemselvescarried upon-a voyage they bad1never bargained for. ,,ig manthat hehadnot yetdiscoveredthegreatfact: that the study of that book was unlimited.had often thought that the world was made for all purchase of Scriptures, and $160,000 upon rents andThey (the Society) were on a Voyage of discovery, buthomewardbonnd,andalready,thedisownedcraft The annual business meeting of the American Bible Bxbfe was designed to teach the learned. Take any' purposes have been $24,807 (7. The receipts for the-• was dragging behind them like a log through the sea. art,!wiyscience,andwouldthe.student notfindprob- BibleHouseinrentsanddonaionshave been$11,053 Theyhadfoundthemselvestobecoolies,tobesoldin-Society washeldattheBibleHouseyesterdaymorn-| ing, theHon.THEODORKFREMNCHursEK,President of the Society, in the chair. On the platform with the President, were the Hon. E . A . Newton, Dr. Thomas Cock, the Hon. Luther Bradish, Benjamin F . Swan^ Francis Hall, Pelatiah Petit. /lenie|andsolutionsofproblems—outlinesofgreattruths '38. Makingthe,total receipt! $35,86045. Theox- voluntarilyasslaves,andforcedintotheservitudeofasort* of men, and he had long since believed it. .When lersdnal expenses. . • sdiercewasfeorntheworld wasready forit. The Duringthoyear,justclosed!he receipts forgenerali ! :Bibb; antiquarians,- historians, comparative philolo- Sst»!i.sacred geographers, travelers—all had only beentherefore overdrawn \o the amount of $742 4 9 ; being a smaller sum than for several years. •were here because this was the Lord's appointed place for them, to fulfill His appointed will, and-'.were blessed with an outpouring and. outbreaking spirit that manytreat Univcrsalists in a proper manner.. The Rev. Dr. SAWYER said the Unitarians were «nice band-box denomination, not fit to labor in thia world, scarcely fit to exist. The Univcrsalists bar©> grown up-from almost nothing, attaining to number* three or four times greater than the Unitarians ever; had, without a single recognition from that body,and now they could get along without them. H e referred to the Rev. T. Starr King as having been born a straight,The receipts for general purposes'compare very wellniiinj miglit discover all the facts, and possess a know . with several previous years o'the Society's history, other assemblies have desired in vain to find, and thatB. Jucobs. / Vice-Presidents—-L. Stewart, esq., NW-York: the Hon. IsaacThe Forty-fourth Anniversary .of the American jtj.Thji jRe'v. Mr-. MCNKIT. read the following communi- Rnwlinson, et>q., Cai.;. J. M. Bruce, esq., N. Y .; the Rev. G. do we do openly; excuse me,'|my friend, for treading Convention, called to order, and named Mrs. MARTHA.labored under "a great misapprehension as to their So- ciety,erroneouslythinking that theyweredoingan1. SBlnUtion.2.Orwmn&ttcBlKxcrciae. ' '.' '3. Analogy between two given word*.;4. Parallf1between two glren Historical character*.5. MiiK;elLuieoimQ,ue«tlan*. ,•*-JohnRton, Ohio; the Rev. Alexis Cast ell, D . D., R . I . : Wm. Mc- Phcrson, Mo.; John Dowley, esq., K. Y .: the Rev. Edward La- throp,D.D.,N:Y.jW.H.Byron, esq.;Wis.;theRev. Alvuh Sabin.'Vt.; theHon.P.Rumford, N.J.;Mathew Vassor,esq., N.Y.;J.S.Brown,eBq.,N.H.;theRev.Nath.Culver,D.D., Ghio. . ' . . * . • -AKTKKNOON SESSION. 'The exercises in the afterno'c n \^Tere commenced by singing the i'77th hymn, "Sa.vation, O the jovfiil fcoundl'' The Bev. Mr. BUONSO.V, late Missionary toAesam, followed with a prliyo;. The Kev. D. C. HAYK'S then devoted ha^f an hour to reading a portionof the annual reports, which WJs omitted m tho morn- right place. Ours is a society that; does not feel at' last I>egisJature of New-York giving women the control" puir returns" of the " My son, I remember thee still." We know no North, in the hope of securing to the women of that State th e pastyear; thoughtenoughbadIeen collected todo a: noSouth,noEast,noWest. WehavenOMasonand liberallawsjustadoptedinNew-York.He believed in native miesiom they would convert- colporteurs are in the Southern States; it does not tellthe heathen more rapidly, and prove cheaper, than you that there are scores and scores of letters comingpraise, rounding.off their sentence s in AudisoniJiu style, and thus blunting the sword of tl c spirit a little. N o w ,Now,hewashorn in Ireland,thoughdescendedfrom theirservants,thoughtheymightputupwithit. The youngmenought tobeplowing.Thespeakerwentonina peculiarly-humorous style,'proving to his o w n satisfaction hat the ..Baptist w a s of the Armenian Mission in Turkey; the'Rev. D . C . jSistice aiid expediency of admitting women to'the pro-theoldest,sect,themostwidelydiffused,connected EDDY,D.D.,ofBoston,anditheRev.E.N.KIKK,-*- fessions,andalludedtothecoarsenessandbrutality w i t h t h e ' C h r i s t i a n c h u r c h . E v e r t h e C a t h o l i c s w e r e otf N e w - Y o r k j a n d t h e m e e t i n g a d j o u r n e d , w i t h s i n g i n g o f t e n d i s p l a y e d b y l a w y e r s i n c r o s s - e x a m i n i n g f e m a l e Baptists.Nowhewantedmoieyraisedtoprinta andabenediction,afterhavingbeenhisession.for .witnesses.Talent,ananotchoice,shoulddetermineau spices of that Society. Coming away, as ho had He spoke at some length, reviewing the European and present. had crowded some woman out of her sphere. Iu a HENRY FISHER, esq., Assistant Treasurer, read an done, j from away down yonder in Alabama, his heart American history of the printed liblej, and toward tho After prayer by the Rev. OWJEK STREET, Mr. N . A . shoe-store, instead of a sprightly girl to try on wom-abstract of the Treasurer's Report, setting forth that WHSmade glad when he looked around him and sav close paid a gloAving tribute to th 3 memory of Boger CALKINS, Treasurer'of the Union, made his annual,re- en's gaiters, you find a strong man, who tries it, andthe receipts of the year amounted to $435,956 92, being brethren with whom he was united—men from th} Williams.- This speaker wsfs als<> very fond ofbeing a port. Balance from last year, $4,9lS 28; receipts, fusfee over the gaiter, and over the foot, until the ladyan increase of $20,9-15 55 over the previous year. Of gr<-at State of New-York, and from New-England— Baptist, and claimed that. Thorn is Jefferson gathered $9,87213; paid to churches, $6,350; other expenditures, is almost tempted to propel him into his'true sphere.this sum, $241,299'57 were from the side of Bibles aud Testaments, and $194,657 35 gratuitous.TheRev.Mr.MCNKXL,oneoftheSecretaries, read the following abstract of the Annual Report:During the year, one of the Vice-Preaidenta, the Hon. Robert F. Dunlap of Maine, and one of the Managers, the venerableun ited Oil the great platform of the Bible.• t'udge WILLIAMS of Connecticut seconded the'reso-Jthe democratic principles of the Declaration of Inde- pendencefromhisknowledgeof.heJjovernme.nt ofa Baptistchurch. Baptistshadalwiys^eenBible-lovers and distributors.$3,434 05; balance to new. account, $5,001 30. TheRev.MrvLANGWORTHYreadanabstractofthe Secretarv'8 report, already published. The reports were ordered to be published, and the thanks oi the Union voted to Prof. Austin Phelps for his elegant{Laughter.] When ana where was it discovered that Godmademantofitladies'gaiters? [Laughter.] If woman canwrite good verse, let her. Ifshecan build ships, let her be a shipbudder. V H.she can keep house, let her be a housekeeper; anXjihat requireslution,anditwasadopted.he •jtevi M r. HENRY of this city moved the nex|trespluti n: ". •N&juh Taylor of Brooklyn have died. 81 new Auxiliaries have liCHlht That the Bible is the divinely appointed and eflicien; the meeting adjourned..beenrecognized. OfLifeDirectors,«8havebeenrnade;andof rjat'tmsolthepresentelevationandfuturehappinessofthehu- Liio Members, 1,032. The number of volumes issued is 753,772; imnmai ru;c:«eifj; unrat that this S{Soocciieetty, in seeking to accomplish thes*since the organization of the Society, 14,278,881. Grants of books n}ndiby finecirculation of the Bible in all languages and amonhavebeenmadetoauxiliaries,benevolentsocietiea,andindivid- all•nations,withoutnoteorcomment,isdeserving>funiverse D.D.,oftheHarvard-streeiChirch,1Boston,Mass. changesfromlastyearareunimportant.Some remarks were made by o)tlier| gentlemen, andIntheeveningtheannualeermmwaspreached,in an able and effective manner by tjke Rev. D. C. EDDY,cation. , , i 'The officers forthe new year were then elected. Theo'clock yesterday morning,,in Dr. Cheever's Church Union square. In the absence of tie President, tho Hon. George N. Briggs, M r. H 11 ,oF tho Executiveonly-means' of dissipating the dark cloud which; wajnow hanging over our beloved country—-which wa£threatening to dissever the bonds of unioh, and tosubner^e its great interests. Obedience to {he princi-J Committee occupied the chair, ant. a uamber of promi tional ministers and laymen in 1861, in connection with ward -civilization is founded on thought. In socialj basic >nfejred on'the English speaking race, should, encourage BuHiilo, the Chairman announced that the Executive old Fuller saS'S.-you cannot make one Hide of a man's this£ocitrjiyinitsett'ortstoextendthelikeblessingtcallnations Committeefeltcalledupontoexpretsthsirhighestgrati The crowd wasgreater thancouldbemadecomfort- facelaughandtheofherside cry. Youhave grantedA.F; B fSociet v was held yesterday at the Calvaryhie disciples, " Behold thy mother." To those who Baptist! Church in- Twenty-third street. The Kev. UK"iKliiig editorial services, engra' hid. •&c.,".wu8$-,y,- nounced that there are at present 302 pupils under the would-be indelicate forwoman togo to the ballot-box.applauded". This Club is now in active organization, great, ami eternal principle.of Gospel Truth would liyo ing tl ast year. •*«tiuicndrtodoserviceduringthepresent campaign. —•wouldsurvivethe disaster,in thememoriesofmil- •'JvPtoMay,I860,theSocietyImd been in]existence! iniheSlaveholdingStates.Receive1—total,$67,6008o;jTbihonjingsessionwasdevotedtobusiness.alueo examined, being tho class eomposcd of those who have have ho business to be there. Woman is m iSroaawuy, and throughoui ihe year So ,»J8B89. Theycanijeudii lindAfter ofMie.Scriptures by the Kev. Dr.C 1I.1.KTTK,ini r nt. their (Twittracts at v232 more ] ages ]H-Vdollar than been the. Bhortesl time in the Institution, and the most in the omnibus—fvomrwhieh she **»•«"«$» <>">was uswnycr by the Hex. Mr. LANK, the ufciiul Com- m itlci W(|re appointed, and the President then pr<>-v could get Ilu.ni for'from the A nieHcau Tract So- advanced pupils, thus showinglho'.progress.made under out; in the theater, d.Wh,-everywhere; aud it is too(he educational system pursued; T h e first-mentioned laic in the dav to say it will be indelicate o r woman to ?£2.88.- Donated to cliui-itiihl institutions, piistors, iliiss entered Inst September,- .and the pupils ofthe be seen at the ballot-box.- My dear, delicate firwnd I' <. «-i>gagv-( in Hoil<<w(d br the report'of M r. George Graultj Treasurer. • >'PO.WbpagfH of.tract* and book* and 106,208 copies'F i o m t l l e S e j d o c u m e n t s w o e x t r a c t s o m e f a c t s r e l a t i v e tothejiiirpiihesoJ theSociety,anditsoperationsdur-training. Many of the exauiinatlions weri conducted- where thev have-harems, or to China, whore tneUntitled Documentaddress before them, a copy being, requested for publi- about as much brains as any tiling else. fLaugmer.JShehadfoundthreewomenoutWestwhoplowed, and plowed well; and she had rather see a young lady holdaplowthantoseeh.6rdecked.outfinely,andsit- ting in the parlor waiting for an offer ot marriage.After some remarks from the Rev.BKRIAH GKKKNK, which were dull and not reliahed by the audience,life it'is idle to say woman is man's equal; she is his superior, she is here supreme. She has demanded that literature -should be decent, and literature has been changed.' You do not now find it necessary to say to a butbahd, Your wife has a right to read, or to H church-man, that a woman h a s a right to choose her creed. That is all settled. < We, have made great progress, a n d are simplv extending liberty. The law of the last Legislature conceded the whole ground; for the mo- ment you'grant anything you nuist grant everything.and purchasedother Societies, made th e total \ and:, af publications'- wore present in the building. 'Two classes only wore' men 1 I* that indelicate ? if the men are brutes, theyiv at New-Yorlc. -Total•AUICB< uring the year were(-(-<:(leil tin[deliver -his Annual Address.. Th a was (V . II individuals ciitniccdnut no j Evangolization, other have most of them-beou tor several years under yon m e out-of your sphere;, you belong to lurkey.«>f p e r i o d i c a l * , i n n i l w o r t h $ n , 9 2 8 ' - Q u \ A i d e d p r o t w o H atforeignmissions,$1,000, IIIK colporteurstothe nil: il'er of 33, two of whom wort xefusively engagedb y d e a l ' , a i i d d u m b t e a c h e r s , ' - g r a d u a t e s o f t h o I n s t i t u - tion,thoughMr.IsnnoLewisPept,theVice-Principal, asiumcd the general supervision of the exercises.The following ia the programme, which was in aornew o m e n d o n ' t h a v e a n y f e e t b e c a i . s e t h e y u g M j f j g J iw^tftdtowHlk flvaughter. WalkdownBroadway and meet a h t d r c d ^ r s a n d petticoats, and there y»« have a hundred thousand answers to your arguuuauvcase seemea to dictate:Mi»« I}, Ida Montgomery, John H . Roobe, Sarah A . BaatiMW,Mrs.ANTHONY spokehopefullyoftheprogressoft,;.ws ••ltr i)Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 