 OCS*©fikw- **ri»^Doo»-'A-4»ccfc» c tie.'»1M»tio*— com-Co.€fot»t th»»Ctioo,B*ofa»NT- •aivUrin» rttha. f»TT»-fromOS!The Governor then proceeded to describe at length times more than their value—nay, we had better pay A grea^ %ay t o discloso wb*t i s going o n un'ier and i n a very brief space o f time make i t hot propperity of its people. Has this been so? It matters the titter inability of the Cotton States to support the for them a hundred times over;are conrtderations that mav be drowned in the passions ;******may have to wash for me!" The letter say* that the DEAR SIR: Tours of the 22d ult. was late coming to people are constantly in dread of an outbreak o f the—Mrs. Swieshelm beholds in the future, growing outof the dissolution of the Union, a millenium for all the poor, hard worked, suffering women in the North, to bo•••"Deie*-to remark that the public opinion i n Louisville and its vicinity is quite different from that of the interior.hand. I now thank you for it. As t o my doctrine of "fighting in the Union,' it is ope of true policy.ANI>35. MaorisKWMOOfc ttotk* -* pa*.>r«k-matqw mi »§•«€iCKULyam.Bw*.KB-ONEJ«MUbridge,whichit is necessarytobuildinthe 44 face o f a n enemy," is spoken of. I t is wellNorth in the struggle, and will go for union with the NorthratherthantheSouthinthefinaldivision,Question.—What is tbe practical difference between"therightofaStatetotiecedefromtheUnion,"whichyoudo.ny, and " the right of a People to frame and modify their politi- hoisting of the Palmetto flag on one of his ships, the 50 cal lnttitutiona in accordance with their own conviction* of duty Charlettonians have discontinued the subscriptions t oand policy," which yon affirm? ' . R. S .give bim a testimonial and the money is returned to > , Answer.—The "right o f a State t o secede the subscribers..r ***l*Si9S!{jteW•*•<$1; SECESSIONJHOVEMENT,; £ *<*« «*n*-TXT&tities of property would have to be sacrificed. Coming draw the proposed letter, as it might prove embarrass- basis of an illegal and hostile Confederation.«J».1 1I i!vGovernor, indicates'the existence o f t h e settledtour^o*', to which I have so oftco alluded, not t o ward of 70,000 stands, of arms and a correspond- it, b u t what m a y,MINORCHARLES C. SPENCER,ITEMS.; ft.; iLTBEC'••;NEW-YOltR i)AmY TltlBUNE, 8ATIJHDAYv DECEMBER 15, I860.question i s absolutely necessary t o t h e plan*•-MMfiWm v«.*/-"**.-KW*.•>*<t»M**>'«>:"r,*»"<' •« ^-^ifir'f- flfr j"J"Ifr 1t|MI>ft» •#&;•&; ,#?••»«MiM".«W*>f. •*»*S.'^SKWi'M*•••.-*. .H»N«M»'»*"*O»-*.**-;*'»*^>-^*.' Si* SPfe* X*r# \<rcwell garrisoned,THE FORTS XH CHAEUEOTON HAEBOR. ' ^ S ^ ^ S ^ ^6nW ifc>rer cometonum.. Let thevtrutl: h e Xnowni then, -and let thel wotfld ever again b e elected^ to HB the ohiur wnich>*«»OarOwaO-fT^^KHtKlcul.tbe, srorliwe. Thus, f o r instance, t h e VtedgeV whioti is required o f the several candidates fordi&cult foremen when driven out of Moultrie, frsupplied with-boats, to pull over to •Sumter,Freedom North, it would take the-agitation of Slavery this question is disposed of—any more runaway nig- States, and will an independent Administration prova ..^ outofCongretsforever." [Applause.]? •• gers,forthedanger they will bringupon usis ten aneconomicalexpedient to Stateswho havehithertoOHAR&STOK, 8. C , Dtsc. 11, i860. Kow an^ then something crops out*j,vhich goes,theCentral^Government,thatGovernment itselfmust have been oppressive of the rights and liberties andborne averywmll »fcWeVtf the onbfic JrnrdehHf Tbe«e ' *"'<,Wm$$^;raft** it«*liFSw:«** *m..-•'.-.•rv?, r~:, %;;<im $ a # ^«KM>&**%f ( .f>—no'ofcehitoformfeflanyldeawhat^in itsplacedThe tenedtdasweltasSouth taronnaano (Jeorgfaj Ifwe UTitcohJee*tbwar,theyexpecttofreeallournig- sakeofanextkr.<h<icottontrade,andtopurchase1 li tut n gers, and turn them trpon us. I t i s a stereotype ex- the; favor o f Charleston a n d MilledgeviBe ibyrrr?*r.otion SKS@n£Kftft ttlo ae can enter into the mind of ^ S r f T S j J ? P°°" , ;°K > S S ^ l S S i S i pression with them, that if "it comes to a fight, it is' Tecogniziogwhat bas been called 4< the isothermal law, V / -V-••••..- A . .- , i-S^'iiL- en m each dietrjct, mBteiid of by States, no KepablicanfISf«&1|8&^fnW f $the end of Slavery." Vjfolen* attempts willbe^made which impels African labortowan! the tropW' *n theto stir up insurrection among the slaves. And here I other ride o f the Atlantic? Will the suspension o r mat. Quo would supposethatit-wouldnoti'be isrcvolKtrori—jxothmglees. TojnBtifyresistanceto parallelof36°3(K,establishing SlaverySouthand begtocautiontheSouthaboutbringingback—until paymenteinspecieimprovetbecreditofthercenswat%Southern people go on with their eyes open. Secession, Washington once occupied. I f a line were run on awork for the captors in Moultrie. large standing army which, in the event of secession, not what any eet o f people in any particular locality they would require. His speech prodnced a markedThe United States Arseual is a t the west side n>ay have done, if the Government itself have done no effect upon the audience, who repeatedly urged him toof the City o f Charleston. I n i t are stored up- wrong. There i s no occasion for rebellion against ; proceed. He was'followed by Judge Sbackey, after : what may exist i n i t s own acts. And ' whose address the meeting was adjourned.until even-I remain youx©bedient «ervant, ^ ' „,-,.../*••»»of the hour, but, wbjchwill, vye stilt believe, assert.,,,ing, amount of ammunition'and other appointments we repeat, that, however willing a n y portion ing. On reaeeembling, Col. Henry of Tennessee, CoL ajifow the Federal Govtminent tohold the Forts of the peoplejaioy bo toallow another portionto Richard.CooperofRankinCounty,andothers, spoke, fe Chaxlestoo Harbor., The pledge is that, " if of war, excepting large guns. I t is'now guarded, all avowing their- conviction that separate secession nominally, b y a military corps o f Charleston, secede from the Union, that willingness does not i n would be injurious to the South. A long series of reso-*••elected Governor he will resist the reenforce- the leart nffect the powers and duties of the Federal lutions were adopted, characterizing the election, of •4ioent o f t h e troops i n Charleston Harbor, whose services the Government accepted t o pro- Governwent. I t muist still continue to execute the Lincoln UPa violation of the Constitution, but describ- tect i t from the mob-. I t was a n expert move- ing recession on that account as a deliberate abandon- **whether such reenforcemeot is attempted before laws, and uphold its own former statue. If it fails ment of tie rights and interests of the South; express- 44or after tbe*State has seceded.** Here i«the ment, a peaceful capture. Itwill continue tob«,,towardoneStateit.fnilstowardall;and the Unionis ing a determination tocoutend for everyright-andvirtual declaration o f the purpose by South Car- thus guarded, till the time arives for making use <!c facto resolved into its component parts. Let not, gtiarahtv that the Constitution gives, and to submit to of the extensive military store-house against the then, the people of any State cherish for a moment so nothing lens; avowing the intention to ute every law-commenced their third annual session on'Tuesday evening at Trinity Church, in Washington, the attend- ance being remarkably large.•*&, • , •'•-,: , -A*'-'* P*$£•.•'•• "~ i ^^.$m s--i' Of one thing the Democrats may b* wen aasured— , ;that the character and prestige o f the revera] United States hi the eyes of Europe depend on their Federal Union. Lord North saw this when he skillfully proposed a compromise which wonld have had the efnMJt of iso-composed for the Convention, was Bung by the con- lating some from the ,rest, and Bnrke resisted Ww gregation. . schemeofconciliation onthat veryground. "Hoc .The Rev. Mr. Owen of Baltimore, said that the Itharvx reht—the stubborn and mutinous spirit of the people of that city had spent the day in prayer for our South is felling into the tactics of tbe eneonosof Ameri-conutry, and desired that tbe Senators and Representa- can independence. Let there be no mistake as to En-tivesinCongressmightknowthattheyshouldcon- glishpublicopiniononthisbubject. Ifwehave , other things, "has been outwitted by the nullifiers. along, long journey, and ineffectual at hist. I t can ernment for two years from next March, at least, as a tinue earnest prayer to Almighty God. v ( paid a sincere homage to . tbe rising £reatn&<s o f ><;>olina ultimately to possess the Forts; that should ful means to prevent sectional legislation, b y cutting theGovernmentundertaketosendmoretroops FederalGovernment,whichinthis,asinmany delusiveandsodangerousanidea.Secessionmustbe off.allsupplies,andthuscheckingthewheelsofGov-for the purpose o f holding them, South CarolinawiH:instatotly attack with the view the capturingthenarinother,words,thesovereign StateofSoutli Carolina will not permit the Federal Gov-bring t o the seceder only internal disturbance, agita two years' suspension of-the active forces of Govern mentwouldnotbesogreat anevilas,the"utterextin-Unionfromsignshebadlatelyseenandheard.The whichtheyarestrivingtodestroy. Allthatis mentmaysimplyfolditshandsandwaitforreason's ofaSouthernConvention;opposing.thejseparateSe Biblegaveaccountsofgreatnationaldisastersonac- nobleandvenerableintheUnitedStatesisasso-In order to show the•animus ofthe peopleo1Charleston,who thus very kindlyguardthe tion,poverty,anddepopulation.TheFederalGovern- guishmentoftheConstitution;approvingthecallingThe Rev. Mr. Moores or Boston, expressed an en- America, i t h a s n o t been to that which the 8otiib- couraging hope for tbe continued prosperity ofour emers are so anxious to conserve, butto•thatUnited States Arsenal, I will relate a single circumstance which I see'has lately been revivedtension of Mssigsippi, and recommending to the peopl count of designing politicians—the cases of Ahasuerusera men t t o protect i t s o w n property, o r e x -ercise jurisdiction within herborders. Th andmadethesubjectofa telegraphic dispatch theUniontoallnationaleffectsandpurposes,what-of Mississippi to elect anti-disunion delegates t o t h <• ; 'and of Daniel, and the threatened destruction of Nine- veh—the repentance of the people and the interposition ofGodtotheirsalvation.; ,'.from Washington. T h e commanding officer 6Fort Moultrie ordered Capt. Seymour aud a ofSouthCarolina. Withtheuishethinksshe. squadofsoldiers,incitizens'dress,toproceedever may be her fancied or professed relation to it. The amount which it may cost her to keep up the delu- sion will depend entirely upon herself. I f She chooseNORTH CAROLINA.The Kcwlcrn Progress of December 12, says:" Fiom all that we could see and learn during our flyingtriptoStatesvilleandbackweareconvincedOn Wednesday, motion was made for a Committeeto wait on the Sneaker of the House of Representa-tives to request the use of tbe hall for. the Union Pray- Democratic insolence during tbeir ascendancy of half a er-meetingonThurfdaynight.. 4 century,thathascommandedthesympathy,andad-feet is,"' the possession of the Forts inreturn. The quasi: accession may at any time be -regavded as a.fact, or as a nullity. The seceder is still in State Convention." :ciated with its Federal Constitution. I t is not the demonstrations of Southern rufhaniMn in Omgress, orthe fillibnstering aggrandizement of the South, fromtbe Mexican annexations downward, o r the FugitiveSlave Law. or the Dred SeottJDeciUion, or the Kaaaae- / Nebraska Act-—it is not, the*e, or any other triumph ofcancompelnegotiation,and,infact,coercethe totheArsenalforseveralboxesoflightarms, toresistcollectionofcustoms,therewillbeasourceof thatalargemajorityofthepeopleareopposedtoseces--and perhaps some amunition, which, though h e constant quarrel, and i f she b e i n earnest, an occa- sion at this time, for exi-rtmg causes. There was a of Delaware, showing that while the Union Prayer-iently, as the actions of great men and great nation* Government. She will not suffer the Forts t o b e could d o without, he deemed best t o send for. sion for the support on her part ef a standing army in large meeting at Statesville on Saturday, which, by in- meetings.haobeen generally successful there, they nad ought to be judged, because we knew the, perikms con-strengthened, because i t i s within the line o f her plans t o take them either " before o r after44opposition to the Federal Government. That will be a vital ion, we addressed briefly. The cars left before the been characterized by too sectarian a spirit toattaiu ditions finder-which s o mighty a n enteprrise a aResolutionswerereported,butwewereassuredbymen thefullnessofsuccesstobedesired.. - •••.« the civilization of America must ofnecessitybesecession** shall have been ordained, as circum-The military storekeeper at theArsenalhadissued a n order for t h e articles called for, mostof them h a d been taken.to the dock, and the at all for any State or States! What is their grievance men were present at the meeting, a large number of the great end of Christianity. A certain hectoiing tone, arising from the exuberant^./ • I *. .costly luxury.. .—But what folly—what headless folly—is secession going out for existing evils. Some six or eight hundred hortation upon tbe necessity of looking to Christ as tical good sense o f t b e American character*stancesshalldecide. Shemaywanttoattack"soldierswereengagedinplacingthemonboardof now1Aretheynotallprosperousandhappy?Does themoldmen,andtheanxietymanifestedbyevery'one Prayersucceeded,thesupplicantearnestlyentreat- consciousnessofnealtbandstrength,Ischarac- «' them,atamoment'swarning,inordertopre- showedhewdeeplytheyfeltforthestabilityofthe ingthattheConventionmightnotseparatewithout teiiHticofadoleflcence,butnoencballowanceia.-*.•"'the boat, when a body of citizens appeared, com- not the Federal Government give its citizens protection Union. Iredell i s a large slaveholdiug county and the special benediction o f Divine Providence;1 that made for deliberate acts of lawless violence. E^ea , a cipitatethecatastropheandbringaboutcoercion mandedthemtodesist,tookfromtheboatwhat athomeandabroad,andhonoreverywhere? Will shouldevertheStatedemandtheservicesofherciti- Godwouldhelpallpresenttoprayforourcountry; now,*olongastbeagitationisconfinedtobullying,.. a s t h e m e a n s o f r u s h i n g o n t h e o t h e r C o t t o n h a d b e e n p l a c e d o n b o a r d , m a r c h e d t h e c a p t a i n d i s r u p t i o n b e t t e r t h e i r c o n d i t i o n i n t h e l e a s t ? W i l l i t z e n s t h e y w i l l b e f o u n d a s v r e a d y t o m a r c h i n h e r d e - t h a t a l l h e a r t s m i g h t b e p e n e t r a t e d w i t h l o v e a n d d e - a n d i n s u l t s ; t o ** r e t a l i a t o r y l a w s " a n d i n d i g n a t i o n •not bring dipaeter after disaster, gathering thicker and fence as those of any other county. votion, and that n o hand might venture to assail our meetings in the form of conventions, we shall not des-, - present peace; -that"the. cause of all the present trou- pair. High nreeeure, moral as well as mechanical, iae n u e l a w s . W h e n e v e r s h e d e c i d e s t h a t s h e w a n t s r e p r i m a n d e d t h e m , a n d b i d t h e m t o r e t u r n t o d a r k e r t h a n t h e c l o u d s w h i c h f o r e t o l d t h e f a t e o f "_ N o t a e i n g l e c o c k a d e w a s v i s i b l e i n I r e d e l l . A t b l e s m i g h t b e r e m o v e d , a n d t h a t H i s k i n g d o m m i g h t t h e r u l e i n A m e r i c a ^ a n d t h r e a t s o f c i v i l w a r m a y b oits forts, South Carolina h a s made up her mind Sodom, and will not its final end be ruin, or' return to Salisbury we saw a few; one of them being worn by come and His will be done in the hearts or our whole need there in a strictly Parliamentary sense. Bat if U the Fort, report the facts t o tbeir superior, "and a Northern man who has been but a few years in the nation. this rough sparring should by any chance be carriedto have them; and very naturally she wants to never be caught in such business again. Ever theformerUnion? Assuredly so. TheSouthernpeo- State,andwhohasbutlittleinterestanywhere. There Atthecloseofthedevotionalexercises,theRev.Dr. toofar,andthethreatso oftenutteredin jestorwan-States, o r she may want them t o resist the rev-and h i s men before t h e Mayor, who sternlyistration submits, which we may assume f o r a Artillery. Assistant Surgeon S . W . Crawford, of our national affairs. I do not know who the writer men say that there will be a decided majority against certainty will b e t o the end. going out because other States do so. , Judge KuffinCapt. J . G . Forbes, Lieut. G. W . Snyder, En- of that letter is, • nor what are his opportunities fo r left Raleigh on Monday morning. We learned fromshould meet with the approbation of the President, i t of Albany; Judge Hepburn and lady, and Jay Cook' would b e better to withdraw it. A proposition was and ladj, of Philadelphia; J. A. GiHalonga, of Savon- &3£made yesterday for tbe use of the House of Represen- nah, Ga.; and G. N. Kclley and O. K. Yatee, of th* "?J jKvS tatives for the evening prayer-meeting to-night, which U. S. Navy, are at the St. Nicholas Hotel. - 4Pretty much everything here n o w is in the gineer Corps.fcgaining an accurate knowledge of the public sentiment reliable authority that, being appealed to, he advisedsecession as a last resort." /military way. The volunteer companies ktsep u p their drills, and await the day when they shallin this State, but one thing I do know, that he and bis friends t o hold o n t o the Union as long as they I have read public sentiment with very different tould do so with safety and honor, and only to embracehad not been.granted; and it would not be well to mul-tiply requisitions of this kind.' —Gov. Geronime Amadir o f Vera Crux(j R. iQ&jM44imminence of war between the Northern States 44 o f this Confederacy a n d this State, eitherhasty and passionate, and destined t o b e greatly ob- impressions as to what the people o f Kentucky will meant.'by the doctrine of "fighting in the Union." I wrote to him on the aupject, and he gave the reply which I now gendstructed in the future, yet gives general anxiety, as is do in case of a separation of the Union. I am not any ou, A peitoiml und political Mend of hits, and knowing him toThe Boston Traveller says: A lady residing i nMaryland, writing to friends in this city, alludes to thefeeling among the slaves there. A slave woman be- more, are at the Fifth-Avenue Hotel. '• • longing t o a neighbor has bcemin the habit of doingher weekly washing, but recently has been careless in•41 44alone or in connection with other Southernmanifest irom its effects upon the industrial and com- mercial interests of the. South.- So many and HO greatmore infallible than your correspondent, and, there- fore, may_.be entirely'mistaken. I have just returnedbe edund'a* to a movement of the South at once.yet ditfeiring with lilrnprobablybywhatnameyoumaycallit,whether " fKightitiing in the TJiiiou," o r uecefaaion immediate, 1 in reality think the. 1 ''*States.'* After giving the views o f the signers as tothe proper manner of officering themili- tary, the gentlemen proceed t o argue a t length—TheHon.Wm. H.Seward ofNew-York,C.T. uncertainties are involved in the future of Disunion, from a tour, through several o f the comitios o f the preat Yi>ghiian in little or none behind the great Alabamian a* to her work. The writer remonstrated with the woman, James of Rhode Island, Col. C. T. Wells of Pennsylva-the necessity o f a n Engineer Corps.This i sbanks is legalized. But in connection with this legis-lative act, another is passed staying the execution o fall levies lor debts for a year. "The conso<iueuce is tbut Louisville has a large Northern element in its popula- I'irst- If a sovereign State is judge of the infrac-South- Carolina's weak point. She has no able44slave population.'..* 'engineer officer a t her command, and h a s beenthat no confidencecanbeestablishedsufficient tore- interior,of several days, and"have mingled witha.. store the dibturbed circulation. The suspension of the number of the leading men of all patties. Permit mework, for next Spring, when Lincoln is President, youfemily of Goeben, New-York, are at the Astor House.ple are not come to a cool resolve to enter upon that dark and downward course.THE POSITION OF KENTUCKY.Corre»poudenc<; of The N. Y. Tribune.is seme eeeessiou feeling about Salisbury, but we were Finckel presented a resolution, recommending that a tonness should be repeated in earnest and lead to blood-assured by well-informed gentlemen that the Union letter b e addressed t o the President o f the United shed, it is some comfort that tbe aggrcHgors will not besentiment was largely in the ascendant in the county. States, suggesting that, in view of the national troubles, tbe stronger party. Mr. Lincoln will in that case com-of them told us that unless the Legislature passed a stay-law similar to that passed in Georgia large quan-get them a t the least cost of life possible. Thisbeing her game,- she is able to bully, cajole, coax,and coerce the Government into, letting her haveher own way. Instead o f South Carolina beingcoerced, she i s absolutely'coercing the Federal Anderson, Capt. Abner. Doubleda, Capt. T . Government; sfce has been doing i t all the while,Seymore, Lieut. T . Talbot, Lieut. J . C . Davis,andwillcontinuetodoitsolongastheAdmin- Lieut.N.J.Hall,alloftheFirstRegimentof feelingofthepeopleofKentuckyinthepreseutcrisis toone,andintheLegislaturewell-informedgentle- unlessitshouldbefirstascertainedthattbeproposition —TheHon.ChaunceyHibbardandW.TillingbaetMsince Uncle Sam has been quiet.Since this letter i s s o devoted s o purely t o military matters, I will append, the following list of United States officers here: Major RobertBusiness in both counties is flat, and the Sheriff of one be appoint the 22d of February next as a day of Fast-LOUISVILLK, Dec. 11,1860.I have read with interest, a letter from Louisville, in down, w e passed Sunday a t Raleigh. I n Wake ing t o the President in view o f the exciting jealousyTHE TRIBUNE of the 7th inst., purporting to give the County the Union men are said to count at least threebetween the several States. .It was suggested that,The country may rely on them.oop«r beledagainstFortMoultrie.Therehasre- /"FROMGEORGIA. notwishtobemisinformedastotherealstateofaf-ANOTHERLETTERFROMEX-GOV.WISE.pouringofhisspirituponthechurches. ; W.C.TraubofSouthAmerica,audF.deGouoouria,£«efcLB[•DAYill behrV.cently been presented t o the Legislature a m e - Corcespcntlenc* of Tim N. Y. Tribute.morial, signed by some half-dozen o f the leading S-iviNjrAH, Dec. 10, 18G0. do not wish to mislead your readers, l a m sure. Will Ens.-SUN: The following letter, received from Ex-r WHA T THE SLA VES THINK O P THE PRESENTare at the Metropolitan Hotel.vr-Capt. Turnley and family of Chicago; AldermanGov. Wise of Virginia, though Tote coming to hand, may not be military spirits inCharleston, "inview of the The Sece«jsion movemeut in the South, although youallowme,then,throughyourcolumns,togivemy uuinterewtiusr. HavingfrequentlyhearditnukedwhatMr.WiseDIFFICULTIES. :! 'who replied: "You ought to b e satisfied with the nia, Dr. Shreaves of Philadelphia, and G. M. Grier andspectacles upon our noses. The people of the North dofaire in any part of the country, I feel assured. Y o n From The Columbu* (Gn.) Sun. The Rev. Mr. Finckel here withdrew his proposition.SECESSION—REVOLUTION. biddinghighforone.The*4.caseofamilitarynoonecanrealizeassets,norpayliabilities.Heucetion,who,ofcourse,takesidesgenerallywiththetionaswellasthemodeandmeasureofredress,sheTotheEditorofThcN.Y.Tribune. broughtbythesuperabundanceandcheapness,ofnm-r'Ino further purchases can be made; business must stop;storesclote,andmanufactoriesdischargetheiropera-tives to increase, instead of lightening the public bur- should it. come. It is the opiniorT of our rural popula- not she, the State wronged,, is bound to defend theSecond: If other Stales have infracted the Union, understood here that allusion i s made t o the po- dens. "White labor, becoming cheap to escape starva- tion that must finally decide, 'and i t i s t o them that I Constitution and Union against those who have in-—SinceCalebCushingdeniedthatheauthorizedtheusn acted the one and threatened the other. Logieally likely t o arise in attacking i t . I n order t o give consequently the value of slave property. Cotton re- population. The farmers are not only, the lords of the t!;e Unu$belongs to those who have kept, not to thosesition o f Fort Moultrie, and 'the emergency tion, brings down with it the rates of negro hire, andmainsontheowners'hande,ori»soldatftsacrifice. whohavebrokenitscovenants.refer now. .The towns are but a. small element in our"from theUnion**'isclaimedasanintegral 'j* "'•'; 1L the reader some idea o f this and the other forti- soil, but they give h*.v to public 6p::::c:i i a Kentucky. Third: The Union is not an abstraction, it is-a real,,, —The Britinh Queen's thanks to the American peo--fications in this harbor, I will sfcate briefly their Proviwons are ecarce and high. Could circumstances This large and predominating class are almost without substantial thing, embracing many essential and vital party Of o u r federative system—a right based on ple for their kindness to her son have been communi- location. Theyarethrteinnumber,namely,combinemorefavorablyforapolicyofhotandrecklessexctptiondevotedlyattachedtotheUnionas,itis.A politicalrightsandproperties.It'."hasnationality,andinterwovenwith.ourFederalConstitution.catedbyLordLyontoSecretaryCass.Theletterpasbion? Andallthismiserycomesaimplyfromthe few<>ftheBreckinridgementhinkwe.oughttosecede lands,treasury, organization ofarmy+navy, ships., .The "right ofa People toform andmodifyFort Moultrie, Fort Sumter, and Castle Piuck effort, at secession* And yet is secession likely to en- 'dock-yard*% arscnoh, fyc, $pc.y .Spc. Shall we re- overflows with gratitude and courtesy.now, and go with the South; but they are not much nounce these rights and possessions, because wrong- " t h e i r political institutions," i s a fundamentalney. The fort ison Sullivan's Island, which i sue1Ifitcouldbebroughtaboutatonce,andpeaceably largerinnumberthan the Lincoln men inthewhole dceisattemptto'depriveusOf otherrights? Isitnot —TheBoston Traveller, speakingfcfthe ^ups andprincipallywithinthecorporatelimitsofthfltdunitedlyonthepartoftheSouth,manythinkState.The.masseswilldoalmostanythingthatcowardlytorenounceonerighttosaveanother?Areright,foundedonthenatureofManandofGov-downs"ofbusinesslife,says:"Amerchantof.thissometimes at low tide maybe fordedficeswhich aretoogreat, except those-of theirUnionanditspcs^essii.ns,butyoufailtouniteyourforanattacking expedition torelyonthi this method o f approach. I t i s precisely h e rsion is nothing but nutate of war, lasting, no one knows how long, o r witn* what results, t o the parties con cerned. Most manifestly, however, the effect upon the State itself must be very disastrous, even without any'most of the works then added still remain. A n actual hostilities. To claim that any State can be pros- ^engineering force o f a limited number o f m e n perous in such a condition of uncertainty is preposter- has for the last two weeks been engaged in ren- ous. If, in the old nullification times, scores of South Carolina's citizens, planters too, fled the scene of dis- turbance, and crowded the routes of Western immigra- tion. What a hegira of wealth, intelligeuce, industry,tion, bis strength confined, I admit, tothe.North.ThereisaSenate,aHouseofRepresentatives,anda lieversinthe"irrepressibledoctrine,"andthinkthere hearittnantouswhoreadit.WeEnglishmenareSupreme Court opposed to him. "We. have every part will b e n o peace so long us we>remain in the^ Union, sparing o f our words, and little know how far blusterof; the Government except the Executive chair. H e and following the cue of their Abolition high priest/aud maybe carried before barking passes into biting. T h e est, Maria Ampara; t o Prince Czartorisky; the sec- can do nothing. -,been very mueh strengthened.Scott d i d much fry strengthen this position, andter;of Alba, and the thought that she was laboring undc*«r^t«. I•• ^dering the fortification one o f a really ibrinidable character, like Fort Moultrie, itonly wants—far better for us to pursue a different course. Shall we have no course leit to us, out of respect to our- however, the malcontents had a vantage-ground whichwe make issue with our friends at the North who have relves, but to go out of this detectable Uuiou. He hates here belongs to the established Government. The se-battled so manfully for our rights ? I s it not desirable it a s bad a s any of us, and would rejoice to see it curity of the city and the lives of their patrician op-of everything which constitutes the prosperity o f a ing—united as a band of brothers, that we might pro- class, and will,' if it comes to a rupture, encourage en-" enemies, whereas here i t i s the. personal safety o f duce the desired effect ? Is it just to the border States liniments in New-York to fiuht the North. We can the Southern planters that is .guaranteed by the people, must be witnessed in that State which now. to say we will go out and drag you after us ? [Shouts depend upon that. North. That great social queetion which inspires,fjoaen.Fort Sumter rises out o f the water furtherdowntheharbor,about3Jmilesfromthecity, nearly abreat-t o f and not over o n e mile from Moultrie. I t not only commands both the otharventuresonthesuicidalpolicyofsecession.Many persons at the North are crying " No coercion"—letjebeSouthgoifshewills. That-wouldbeverytbe same chronic diheafce, which carried the Duchess v * cf"No!No1"J. TheGfarrisonianAbolitionists,ofcourse,desireustoaninterestimmeasurablymoreintenseandab-ofY,soaffectedherthatachangeofairwasindispensa-•'forts, but, it,is believed, the city could be effoc-" J)o you think Kentucky is cowardly? [Loud go, hoping thereby to stir up insurrection among the sorbing than all the political watchwords of Europe, ble to her well-being. The Emperor Suggested that ^ J shouls'oi No ! resounded throughout the hall.] Hon't fclaves of the South; but their number is so ihfluites- has a twofold bearing' o u t h e present crisis,dragheroutagainstherwill. [Voiceiuaudience: imalitisnotworth,takingintoaccount. .,'*;=- andifitfurnishesamotiveinfavorofsecession tbehadbetterpasssomeweekeattbechateauofthoi<t'Tlat'sright. StandupforKentucky, old hoss;I'll Infact,Iknowof onlyoneman ofgreat influence it'furnishes amoveoverpowering motive agjunctit. DuchessofHamilton,iuordertosecure'.theservicesof *&I n 1832, Gen.itwouldrestoreqnietandconfidenceandprosperity. doesnotimplydegradationanddisgracetopre- tleserightsnotaspreciousasthemererightofprop-ernment,andantedatingallpoliticalinstitutions. city,whosenetprofitsduringtheCrimean\war It would have been just as clear and vital had amounted to at leaet $150,00p, passing safely thoroughhereneverbeena StateGovernmentasnow. thecrisisof1857,andwho.waareputedayearortwo W e do not know that w e have y e t made t h e tince to be worth $2T>O,Q0O, foiled a few days aigo with distinctioncleartoourcorrespondent;ifnot, labilitiestotbeextentof$200,000,ofwhichitiseelimated h e will b e able to pay only about fifty p e r • others must decide whether the fault i s with him cut. A few weeks since, a business man of Boston,CityofCharleston. Thisislandisseparate fromthemainlandbyanarrowchannel,whichSouth. Will theFederal Government allowthethough i t would b e a very unmilitary thin; South to secede peaceably ? Reflection seems to bring rghts, t o b e niade to preserve i t . Their indigna-- own people, because you do renounce these rights.toeveryonetheconvictionthatsecessionisnothing tion againstSouth Carolinaforherrashness Wakeamanuptodestroythe,UnionandConstitution,more sor less than revolution. It cannot- be peuceably in precipitating a revolution without consultation with and he will stare at yon and turn away. But tell him that the Constitution is infracted and the Union threat-Hence tLis isevideutly a subject of great anxiety at the jservetheUnionasitnowis.Therearenosacri-erty in negroes ? B u t Fourth:Ifyousecede,younotonlyrenouncethebroughtaboutexceptbytheconsentofallthepartiesbersisterSlaveStatesknowsnobounds.IfshecouldbeenedbyBlackRepublicans,andcallhimtoaidyouin-orwithus. [Ed.Trilt. that the bridge spoken of, a s is now clearly fore to the Federal compact. The Federal Government is cut off and tin-own into the ocean, and there the matter defending both against those who would destroy both,seen,willbewanted,anditissaidthatthe forced,willinglyorunwillingly,tobeatwarwlth'.awouldstop,theywouldnotcryoversucharesult.Butandhewillactheartilywithyou.who heretofore has been remarkably lucky in all hie s,THEENGLISHPRESSONSECESSION,. -t-pcnitions-,madepurchasesofsugartoaverybargemeansofsupplyingthewantisinaconsiderable secedingState;itstandsuponthedefensive,andthe putthequestiontothesesamemen,asIhavedone-toastate o f forwardness^ though the results thus far seceding Stato is obliged to become the aggressorj and thousand o f them all over the State, What are you go-Fifth; Thenhowisthistobedone? The3d clause of 10th section of the 1st Article of the Consti- tution of the United States permits a State t o keep troopsandshipBofwarintimeofpeace,andtoengagein war, when actually invaded, or when in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay. Now are we not actuallyin\raded?Isourdangernotimminent3 Dees it admit of delay 1 May not a sovereign State so decide?amount,uponwhichbislosses,itisestimated,will reach at least $00,000. .-'-ItissaidthatMr.Hawkins,memberoftheHouse If she is bent upon t/ving the cbanceB of war, s h e of Representatives from Florida, who has pertinaciouslyrefused t o serve o n t h e PacificJttion Committee o f thirty-five, is a nntivo of Newburgh, in this State.- /have notbeenaltogethersatisfactory. Fort Moul- to'assumetheonus ofrebellion. SachistherealstateIf,contrarytoprobability,therestiveStateofSouthingtodo if theCottonStatss secedefromtheUnion?"VYill.you remain connected with the Free States, at themercyofRepublicanlegislation?Onemartonlyhasanswered " Yes" of the whole number that I have con-fcagewould bemeasurably in theface of an Southernbrethrenwhenevertheythinkitfortheirbestenemy,** and directly s o should t h e commanding interests, it cannot be accorded them except by Nation-officer erect batteries • a t t h e point o f landing, al Convention of the people. Each and every State,which, however, i s not certain t o b e done. Sul- through its officers, bus sworn to support the Cbnstila-livan's Island i s quite thickly built up, generally tion and laws of the United State*; and no Preaidentwith wooden tenements, a n d a horse railroad or Congress acting under that Constitution has powertraverses $be whole distance. The Fort itself i s to abpolve any one from that oath, or.from the duty o f teen twentieths said we will hold back as long as possi- anextensivework,wellprovidedwitheverythingcitizenship.Thisistheplaincommon-senseview,ofble.If/thoCottonStatesgooff,andtheNorthattemptsthe matter. Secession, therefore, involves awful eon- to whip them in, wo will stand by them, and share but men. Its gum/are, many o f them, o f the eequeiiccs. A seceding State places itself at war with their fate. I f she lets them alone, we will see howCarolina should.rebel—what then?•trie i s on the seaward side o f the island, nearlyof things; and there is no help for it under the Consti-amiledistantfromthischannel,sothatitspas- tution.HoweverwillingthepeopleoftheNorth l 4 might be to accord full freodom of secession to theirwill of course be immediately beaten out of the field. ;largest and best description, a n d nearly a l l t h e the Government, and that, too, nnder circumstances the they get along, and then join them if they do well. I f tered my name on the register, "from Maine," whichof the 27th ult., has disposed of, by adding 300,000 t o the income of the Princess Mathilde, and reverting the balance to the public treasury.pointments; The distancebetween Fort Moultrie -and the city i s about three miles.Castle Pjnckney standsin theharbor, wholly surrounded by water, which -cannot b e bridged readily, between Moultrie and the city, and can be operated on only by heavy guns. I t mounts a large number of heavy guns, and has recentlyor attack their own Government, and even this Govern- memorable canvass of 'Si."mentisnotobligedto invade orattack them. It.has Gen.PatrickHenry,ofRankin County was chosen only to rewst their aggressions upon its Constitutional President by acclamation. Ex-Gov. Morehead of Ken-solution, if we are determined to go. The reasons enjoy the protection of those laws ? I f they can learn Pugliesi, with Mile. Conti, daughter of one of Louie Ihavesworntodefend. Thisisthe'groatdifficultyin Tie Whig, wemakethefollowingextracts:eecetdon. The act is never complefcv—never accom- " I believe Lincoln was elected conformably to theplished. Ifitwerebutaname,ifitwere,donewhen sjiiitoftheConstitution. Hismereelectionisnot sufficient for us to act rashly or hastily.it were done, the case would bo different. But seces- " Lincoln was elected in "conformity to the Constitu-chaseourgoodsandsellourcotton—whichtothemis• slaveowners* Alfred Hachotte,sonoftho publisher, with Mile.above all other considerations—but that if an attempt From The lAmdon Timet of Nor. 29. Aumont. Beside all these, they are getting readysulted. Anex-Governorsaid,"WewillnotjoineitherShe has neitber men nor money enough for war. H e r whitepopulationisalwaysdecliningrelatively tothe black. Even with allies, she could not fight for a day without complete discomfiture aud humiliation. I f she is allowed to secede without opposition, how can she subrist ? Poor in resources, helpless against enemies,party, but set up for ourselves." An ex-United StatesSixth : And what is the difference ? Will it not be I say then, sth k to all your rights, renounce none,Whig Senator said, *' I feel like I would rather die revolution and war in cither event 1than be linked on to the lead of South Carolina; but it will be better than to be tied to the Abolitionists of the North. I suppose we will have to stand it." Nine-fight lor all, and save all! 'Yours truly, &(v, HENRY WISE. - at the mercy of her own slaves, with a small aristoc-was true, as a matter of fact, although my'birthplace mobt unfavorable to herself. She must become the ag- not, we'will eet up for ourselves. Nobody but one sin' is in Alabama, and my present residence is Dalerecent improvements in explosives have been in-troduced, i n the use o f which the men a r e welldrilled. Indeed,Imaystatewithconfidencethatthe officers and men a t Moultrie very much ex-cel i n this particular. Recently—within the lastten days—a trench has been dug around tfhe e n -tire Fort, and, without going into minute .detail,it will, be enough t o say that everything i s beingdone necessary t o place t h e work i n t h e beatpossible condition of dsfense. S h e h a s recentlyreceivedsixmonths'provisions. Whatiswant-inginmenwillinameasurebemadeupbydiscipline and completeness o f death-dealing a p - to fight at all. The Southern people in secession resist the largest demonstration known iu the State since the whom I have conversed in favor of peaceable dis- under the laws of the Republic, while they claim and—Marriages abound in Paris, just now. The son ofgressor, and put herself manifestly in the wrong.The Federal Government, with comparatively littleloes, aiid simply by a defensive course of masterly in-activity, can, nay must, in obedience to sworn obliga-tion, inflict fearful injuries upon the dorelict State. I tis not the North, therefore, nor any Northern State,nor the Northern people—it is the People of the United held at Vicksbui-g, Mies., on the afternoon and evening States who do this, and are obliged t o do it, however of the 29th ult. The Whig mys:unwillingly. It is altogether a wrong conception which " It was a magnificent and triumphant success. Not- prevals with some that the North will have any occa- withstanding the slanders which have been circulated"^County, of the latter State. My object in so enteringmynamewastoenablemebettertogetatthetruesentiment of New-York in relation to the great seces-sion movement going on among us. I hear many ex-preteions of sympathy for us iu this city, and in case of about her, the more quietly she acquiesces iu her turngle man said we will remain-with the North.A NATIVE KENTUCKIAN.out it. As everybody knows this who known anythingsena, marries Mile. Soult de Dalmatic, a grand daugh- ter o f Marshal Soult; Mons. Dupctit Thouara, a nephew o f the Admiral, marries Miss MacLeod; Mons. de Kcrveguen, a chamberlain o f the Emperor, marries Mile. Montaud, the richest heiress ia Paris, she has $4,000,000; Mons. Legrand, son of an eminentMISSISSIPPI..-; >xof political defeat the better .she will preserve her dignity^ , •But if Southern society has been actually misled,. GREAT ANTI-DISUNION DEMONSTRATION. .an attempt to cterce us. I believe we can safely relyupon much material aid from here, and especiallyfrom the Lbb. They hate the nigger as they do thedevil, and will fight to sustain our rights, if it. finallycomes to that. I am inclined, however, to the opinionthat w e shall b e allowed t o go quietly out of theUnion, if the business i« properly managed with the attended passively, when the halter was knotted roundA mass meeting to consider the issues of the day wasFederal Government* I have canvassed this sub- the necks of clergymen, and the fire kindled round the jectas.thoroughlyasIcan,withmyfacilitiesfor hodk-Bofhonesttradersorcravennegroes?Willthis siontofighttheSouth.TheNorthisnotcalledupon'piice'gathering,&c,thepeoplecametoit,anditWHSd<ingso,andfindalargemajorityofthosewith notbealessontothemtobequiet,andkeepthepeaceBub-treasurer, and a grand niece o f MarahaT^Neyj Baron Poilly with the Countess d e Brigode, a daugh- teroftheMarquisduHullay,thesovereignarbiter here of all disputes touching the duebst's code; Moos.aboutit—thatitwasa'submission,'a'Union-at-any-•: 1ituckymadeableaddresses,fromwhich,asreportedinmerchantandtraderbelievethatifwearelefttotake ruinwillcomeuponthem;fortheforeesofhuman•,,.-• ••••4*There IBno such thing as one section conqueringthe other. It is far better for u s as patriots, lovingOur common country, and particularly our own sectionphilosopher, Greeley, who furnishes more Abolition threat o f secession is the standard resource of a mob, gospel than any other man in the country, take that •and tbe Roman phis often started for the Mens Sacer,ond, Maria Milagro, to Prince'del Drago. These chil- dren are not of issue frcm her marriage with Kiug Ferdinand/ (the present Queen of Spain is), but from? her marriage with one Senor Munoz, whom she found,,a handsome corporal in tbe army, raised to the rank of % DukedeKianwues,andmarried.well,ifitwerepossible. ButhowisitpossibleforthetnalJy shelled from i t . I t U thoroughly a p - General Government to escape its sworn duties ? T h e bet oh you.*] She will maintain her rights.- J Voice: at the North- that in disponed to attempt to coerce t h e " It is a singular fact," says one of our American co- Dr. Simjwon, renowned f o r his treatment of c a n o e r . ' ^pointed with all the larger description o f guns. Outwardlyitresemblestheround,yellowforton Governor'sIsland,thoughlarger. Itisthoroughly iomb-preof, a n d believed t o b e impregnable t o anything likely t o be brought t o bear against i t .At Holyreod Abbey, she became very much interested I withitsrights,andoneortheothermustyield.The v,eVton.] Doyouthinkit-justforMississippitosay ofGreeley's,whois,asI said before, entirely 'lawarctbeonlyStatesmakingthenon-executionof andemotionalatthesightofthorelics^ofM'iryStuart,;;#'I'm from Hinds County, and indorse your sentiments.' South, und that it Wm. C. Brvant o f The Evening temporaries, " that States in a position secure against seceding State o r States 'inevitably come into contlicr Lev<! the bouse was exiled to order", and the speaker PoU, and bia circulation and infiuence are not a tithe injury from tbe non-execution of the* Fugitive iklave> • • •••••.action orIta results.J. A; FLEASANTS.ROLLISTON,nearNorfolk,Va.,> December 1,1860. >may remain in the Union to resent or resist wrongH, us- wellasdosooutoftheUnion.away colored servants from tbe South. -,%To Dr. J. A. tLKASANTS, Columbus, Georgia.' racy in debt, and tbe rest of her white population ig- norant and degraded beyond precedent; with n othemselves as tbe movement becomes more reguWand*4orderly. We baye confidence, not only ha the diacr*-**• , •tion of Mr. Lincoln, but in that ofMr. Buchanan, whoin the remaining months o f hi* Presidentship may do The National Convention of Union Prayer Meetings much to mitigate these desperate and rnino^uj conn- >NATIONAL PRA YER MEETINGS.A hymn beginning— "" From North and 8ontb, from Eart and West, Around the Cro«a we stand," ''.Aninterestingreportwasreceivedfrom,theState mirationofEurope.Wehavejudgedthesething*len-mof all parties that Iredell was unanimously opposed to A clergyman from Baltimore delivered a brief ex- carried o u t , a n d have confidence i n t h e prac-mand a majority in Congress, and will carry with bim ingand Prayer throughout the land. the support of all these who, however tolerant of 81a* ftt The Rev. Dr. Butler trusted tbe brother would with- very, will not tamely acquiesce in its becoming tha , ,Another Bpeaker moved that the proposition be laidontbe table. He came here to pray to God for au out- McKay, Dr. J. McChesney, and W. Sharp, of CabajvCOLDCOMFORTTODISUNION.From The Daily JSTeic*, Nov. 2%.money to buy a ship or coal a steamer, her lands wear-F-romTheCharlestonMercury. ~~,ingout,andnomanufactures—whatcanshedotofrancs,whichtheEmperor,accordingtotheMoniteurTHE HELP TO B E GOT FROM NEW-YORK.—The late Prince Jerome Bonaparte left 1,000,000ST. NICHOLAS HOTEL, New-York, Dec. 6,1860. Have been stopping here for a number of days; en-live? Some people say, " Let her try. She is turbu-lent and troublesome. We shall be well rid of her:so give her her wish !" This is more easily said thandone; but it will not become a practical question.Why should she resort,to either supposition when sheeiin simply go on as she is ? She has, as we have said,nogrievanceaudno"cause." Shei«ineverywava MarshalReille(andgrandsonbyhismotherofMas- gainer by tbe Union, and, in fact, could not exist with-I..-: ••--which bring them to these conclusions are as this first lesHonofcitizenship^ allmayturnoutwell various a s the factions t o which they belong. T h e for them and for human freedom. H they cannot, theNapoleon'smostintimate friends; Count LeMerledo <Beauford with Mile, de Courville; Viscount de Simard rights;rightsawardedbythemselvesandwhichthey ourowncourse,wewillreturn-tothemtopur-libertyaretoostrongtoberesistedbyaliattdfulofdePitrywithMile.d'Etchegoyen;andyoungMons.what a warning is here! What peace of mind canthere ever be again for citizens who have presided, o r civil engineer, with Mile. Garnot,daughter of a wealthyismadetocoerceus,"evenifthey(we)arecompelled TheresignationoftheirofficesbytheFederalem-, for tho daughter of Queen Marie Christine :to submit," i t will engender such a feeling of hate that New-York will get no more trade from us. THE THJBCNK portion'of the Abolition partyarefullbe-ployees a t Charleston has not yet been accepted at Washington;, and the sanguinary rhoddmontade of Gov. Brown probablysounds lessformidabletothosewhoof Spain, wlio^ is t o , moory t h e Marquis d oground squarely, and advocate i t i n his paper, THB mid actually encamped there more than once, without TRIBUNE. Bennett of Tiie Herald iswith us, and says permanently separating from the Republic. There,thatweshouldactsoihat therewill beunityof feel- pressorsdependedon theircodperationagainstforeignm« —At the death of the Empress's sister, the Duchess i*&broken up. H e has much influence with a certaintoKentucky, w'e will gooutandgiveyounovoice.:' opposedto"it. I beg to repeat that it ismy honest this lawapretext forsecession." But arethese•re- QmenofScotland. .' ., *. ., w -^ . Oughtri:enottobeconsulted?Deesshenotlosoono convictionthatthereisnoneedofanypreparationfor fractorycitizens^preparedtoboclosetedbeyondthebm died negroes where Mjbsisfippilories one? war; that if the South say they will secede, by their reach*" of call with their own " domestic institution ?" —The Empress, while at tho station on her vvuy to ^Federal Government maydeal mildly, forbearingly—may for once o r ol"toner waive i t s rights or overlooka#gre*-sione; but neither President nor Congress hasthe right o r can honestly surrender,them, and 'finHlly North at-:Vill rci-toieub peace and happiness; K o u - ate men to negotiate with the General Government, filistbsippi, whore the slaves outnumber the white ill-health, but bearing upon bis person several decora- u-$41 We have a right to demand nuch concef-sions of the Convention, and appoint wine, resolute, and temper- Is it certain that in such States as South Carolina and Pe: th, hud her attention drawn )o a soldier in extreme Though dot a t sea, i t h a s a fine well of fresh forego its sovereignty. I s i t well, then,.to ckmk t!;i> fitcky ii- willing to work with yon, but work cautious- an arrangement can be effected without any ^wiir, o r population, the masters could dispense with the aid of tioi.s for actual service. Prompted, doubtless, by sym- "•'-»\1 water.Forsometimepastupwardof100"men,fact?.Tt'-iswellenough,tobesure,fortheSouthtolv."1saybecautious;forwhenMississippi;South;sheddingadropofhumanblood.'I.believeifwede theirNorthernbrethreninaservilewar?Or,turn-apathyforhisinfirmity,shegavehimasmalldonation,,|.4',-\Can Una and /.Georgia, go out, Kentucky will then be mand t-ecessibiij that-the North will force the Govern- ing to another item in the same calculation of expedimostofthem mechanics,havebeenactivelyt.a- letrnitforherself; Shedoesperceiveit;hercoo.land fdnedbyyoutobecomeafreeState. Itwouldbea menttoaccedetoourrequest. .Ifl ency,••'wouldSouth"Carolina,whoseexportsexceedin whenoneoftheatumdant^,witiimoroofiiciouanessgaged in placing the guns in order. Thu eifeH v.i*e'm*n recognize it. Yet many are flattering thern-' KVi-re blow against' Slavery./ It would bring Slavery I beg your influence to help us peaceably out of the,, value her imports hi the proportion of eevon to one, than good taste,reminded her Maj<isty that she had be*i -v*ofCapt.,Forbea'seffortsa*eplainlyvisible,even to the unprofessional eye. There have hereto- fore been no p o r e - soldiers than wer<- newmff Iselves with the vain iden of a pencable *oce«sion !--:t down, and ]Vribsir>-ippi herself would soon become a Union, if it can be' done, for if it comes to a fight with, bo the gainer by a system of mercantile exclusion? friended a man who had fought -at'Waterloo.'-' "ThenborderState. Doyenwanttogooutwithoutconsult- theGeneralGovernment,Godknownwhereitwill Can anysane manbelieve that Englandand heisthemoredeserving,"repliedtbeEmpress,"forqniet, noiseless, unfelt severance of the federal bond, in« vi;ii Kentucky, Missouri, Maryland, Delaware,end. We nhall find it much easier to. get in than' toFrance will concent, as is now suggested, tor-x-.') P.'i'V-*er!e»it'f'tid.'roor0th of somcthsu'.? <•!>'• growI•Yi ci.piii u!;d Tennessee ? I tl.hik- they ou^ht to be lu- r ©Untitled Documenty^^^^^0W^f^^^^0^IT. vv..it'iil'iiV' the '^li^v of h?\f • .-•'<•*'C..» .->.CraneofBoston;J.H.HolbrookandladyofBoston; •AUlf O. P . Chandler of Vermont, and 8. Cushing of Balti--' '#—The King of Portugal has directed his navy to go into mourning for three days, in memory of the late Sir MtX Charles Napier, who, i t will bo remembered, at QUO time eerved under Portuguese orders. Sir Charles wasthe Count of Cape St. Vincent, a Portuguese title. The King sent a letter of condolence to Lady Napier.Campo Sagrado.This is heryoungest daugh- the two others arc already married, the eld-'*&^& • # %> - • - • <•""• • • -Z-*.:^ -MttmtUtnWWmWWm^MWMmiW 3069_!: ! : m-• • ;•••*,-. '.. -1w t;..,'V^V.;-;-.., '-'.•>:'4 "*>?/*<$''£Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York, ;' -" ••: '-•'^Nfc! •!••:.'.••. •••1'.''I ' i'." . —IMI n.n rir -,r 1 r,« lir 11.1.11,.,.inw'+H. •/;' v •-,i.'- -. %I—HfT- '~— ~*3t--u i';v': « • <mwww.fultonhistory.com*'-^-^--.^««^-"-^^^«v«~-^~.«-e^^»i^|tfji<K^^MM• ;t- - *<mm m •• • ^mmm w&mmkM'" ^^«»«*<ipa>»»>i» ^»,i, i ^ Ml<Jw•*'••:• • 