 —aNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1860e.Feb J-UJ0P. M Liverpool dates of the lath^i***^«* of tewt Xejrabiicaiis Upon that there toa •er»eit-(&»e»«f «ike Election of a Speaker.m TK KPIBUCMtt WER TK SPttU,of the sacpie H a t attentat at any tame toLuton af thaw Btotos, thaw alii at aof the paoata aaaaaaa to that aatorawaattoa whst i t e l a n a It' enWmmmm to# eda^BBtosaeitF* toatort anaaBBtotoaPto "i A ***• of ato^tothefcaa»afli| M11. which d *OU Wwaas B a U DCC^LM^BHaVSaa ata>^^^mw^nn * * •a^Pw^iacato a WBpjBJBPJp 428sew sstoaiBs*nn y * aw ewnnn»*ni •yUabie tram. I repeat toaajka—^That r a tte»pt to arrer the CaJoa which new « w , and *|at* to coaatiiatire and prewHratrrg of ther people ID the Nortaern free State* L (Cheers, and anaaaftoae.") AM I aay to yoa to-aight, agr toHa tornifa wiltrestorethePasteafFv*tomtoaraanyi of Mr- HiaftBaa. wn*» m a Booth AmericanIastareState,tortheImpiirtaBtotoosof Seigaant-at-1, ail hare the tisaasairy to anile to* repu bhcaae,togat.arassH on a a . onow.Tbe sereaadera than proceeded to the residence of Boa.Mr. Grow, who spoke as follows—•, who wlB aatoubteity be Mr U c u . cf TBtooafee a. sharp oae. th e ma»i*lBtm a nmeaaarea chartohed by so large a portion of the freemen of toe naaoa—<cheera)— thaae prtnaptos that were en araftod by aar lathers upon the government at HB earnest formation, which underlie t h e •trnctare o f our free g o varaawnt, aad which giro to it vitality aad success. We gm! mamiam taone prtodgdes cherished by WaahingtonTBK s a w n a a x B a a — .h a s been received that t h en e wm toe caucus to-dayI t o h e l f r t jt share of it, aad win g « it If the treachery of t repabuceaa, aot members of theKK. So say thaw who profess to know I will aot be anaoaaosd until next, of Marytohd r despatched M iare yet dear to the hearts of the praseat generation, aad The Senate m executive aasaton to-day confirmed a upon which thorn wisest and greatest of men establishedm this Sew World a government to wmcfa all men were large number of unimportant appointments. They also to be regarded m coarto of jaattoe w human beingi, en-PmT.anB.raiA, Feb. 2,1880. Floor unchanged. Wheat firm: sales of 2,000 bushels red at $1 32 a $1 3d, and white at $1 46. Rye 90c. a 81c Corn buoyant: sake of 5,000 bushels yellow atT0)£c. aFeb. 1, by the Rev Dr. D. Heme, Joanoa D. Toancnra. of Greenburg, Westchester county, to MABIA Looms Us- DBBBUX, of thto city.WAY—MOO&X.—On Tuesday. Jan. 81, by the Rev Jaa L. Shock, Mr. DAVIDF. WAS tn Mtos MAar B. Mooaa, all of thto city.BtrrrsTA.—f)u Tnsrsday morning, Feb. 2, Earnr ISASSI, oaly child of Charles W. aad Bixabeth N . Btoecfcer, agad 2 years and 8 days.toaaeeawaary.aad I ha««ao belief in The doctrine that toe tone a. near at head, er caa be, that are are to heQwfederaey; aaithir vote*, " Dry an.") W e are oae aaaate, and I tnwt at B*ev*u wa aha* evar remam to. (Crwieaeoff " Good, and chaera }> Thheere»wlUalealwaeyssbee,,m» a free cocatryjate oars, dTversawm of asatoaw1Ja»rwataaatoat eaaatow m the bowae aad awaatos of the laborer. Ma* conflict between the labor that owns itself aad the. which t toTJBCKBATKD S O U LMG8, or any dtoeaaw of toe akin, are toraedtoeaU. Penect cure warranted.Crlatadoro'a Hair Dye,Wigi staidTom-i —The beat to the world. Wbotemle and retafi, aad the peesprivatelyapplied,toMo• •yejHollow-ay's Ointment a a d PDAs a r e working moat wondertul enre*. Glandular awellinga that have dehed all Bates treatment are easily eottened aad removed by the ointment, v, hue the pill* remove at oaee the awtoaaaag horrors of asthma.BTHOM—CLASKX —On W edneslay, Feb. 1, by the Rev F.&Wilev,Mr.HxsxrBYSOMtoMissBBTRIKP.CLASKS. daughter of Alexander Clarke, ESQ,., all of this city.MAXWSU—stoASsmaoa—On Wednesday, Feb. 1 , by the Rev. Dr. Potts, Mr. W a. D. MAXWKU. to MASI . daughter of K. Beadieston, Esq.' ' o fGRAND COXSQUDATaTDLOTTERY O F DELAWARE, Five, drawn a: Wilmington. DeL,'FRANCE, BBOADBENT8 k CO., MAMAC So. Prtr.iro. Priw.'A'o. Priw.iAo. M r IJfo..SMOfliOtO.,..cfabatetoiaaoavto-day,topaytheoaagrateteAionaofhla StoatsofthisUnionrepassintheraanit.Xht Act to today ctowd, a a tor aa organizing theedverttoasnani pnbltohedpn our paper this morning, announces the death of JABSB KXLSO, the oldest pilot in New York, or probably to the country. H e w n born with the United States, having firm awa the bght in the year ofi of the laeakenhto.the Oeciatoif with the courteatos dm> to hto position, ,aadThe relatives and friends of the family are inrited to at- tend toe funeral, on Saturday, tbe 4th mst, from No. 168 West Twenty fourth street, without further invitation.Of H t o HIAXD:that oa aad after Monday next the Senate most to IS whether they snail be occapied by a population emigrating ocJapk-the good old age of eighty-four. B e followed hto hazard • •pectiully tortoad to attend toe funeral of Mrs. Baown, MB7S. from the reatdaace of her mother. No. 1 Irving place, thto toMa.oas bat brave ooaapattori during a period of sixty years,piloting hi* maiden namI into port m the year 1800.Having been captured aa board toe Preaidaet during thewar with Great Britam in 1812. be was thrown into pneoi-.and there remained for two years. On gaining his liberty parents, Me. 66 hast Twenty seventh street, this (Friday) Sto>afteroson, at two o'clock. The frtoada of the family are m...M invited to attend.wwwiraar FeaadBftoa receivedi ware present; A t t's i&c apaatoaa parlors and prordwithtoitoaandgentlemen, i orMri indebted to yon, m y; rant you bare wade to me thto aayht.the enjoyment lof health a a d spirits until the day of. h isaf tta election of a by the gentlemen • which follow, to«,a large number afhe munedtoiely betook himself to hto kamasto again, andonattoaed it wtthoat mtnimlsswa aatil tost year, when dedining years warned asm that be had better take ontohimself a little rest for the body. He was active aad in sged 48 yearshearaaattoaslaar,toalwayswltodiaawthatweBelong occupiedaythesewhoownthemoorofothers,andwhosedeclared an i (Oram of'Htead- a n daC'X'fiSla!Btoflget,a very estimable lady, w a sTherewgl be aodrvanon then. I tallunmediaia ami certain.Only to cents a bonle.of K•the Boaw-.vas exeeedlsgry "dawaton' will disappear forever. (Cheers.. Gentle men, thanking jou for thto compliment, I bid you goodFKUOW Cmnws—I must of course regard thto very nattering notice not as a compliment paid u me an aa in- i,aswell as upomUM—tMtoto far 'the dividual,hottnma aaaiaptwantonn ofprincipleandof such action.be Itotoa to betototoerywhtob of thto Union: b a t of trtol comes. these men will (CAean.) y w a , m y frtoada, upon your pd- there never wsa a timeRebeccaburned to death thto morning. Her clothing accidentally caught fire, aad before relief could be rendered she died in extreme agony. 8he is very respectably connected.Sontliei Ocean Steamer Movement*. SAVAiraAH.Feb. 1,I860.The steamship Star o f t h e South, from New Y ork, ar- rivedfbelow at eight o'clock: thto morning.Market*. rTm.AaWI.PHlA STOCK BOARB.PBCLAOKirau, Feb. 2 , I860, heary. Pennsylvania State .Vs. 92%: Reading 1,19^; Morris Canal, 48^: Loag island Railroad, 11-,, Fennsylvania Railroaa, S6J£. Exchange on NewYork, par.Nsw ORIXA.NSSFeb. 1,1880. Cotton—sales today 6,500 bales; prices irregular.Mesaperk,$17 Toa$1850.? Mosna, Feb. 1,1800.Cotton—sales to-day 3^00 bales at 10*gc, with an im- proved demand.| BAiTrjaoBX, Feb. 2,1880.Flour dull, and sales small: Howard street to held at $510. Wheat quiet and unchanged. Corn firm; white, 70c. a 72c.: yellow, 70c. a 72c. Provisions firm but dull.BARTLXTT AGO'S (UtOAUXKD),I Needle.«mlin U » batory of tfcto repobaa when toe Union of SHawa was niorc fimly aecnred than it to at thisand if it shall ever be in daagrr, I wUl tell you it Is then to be preaerrad—it to by sending up here a anltod datogattoa from the North lata the floaee of Bi|iaaaiii*li m aad then yon will am that thto cry afDr. Kennedy,MeatoalDtoeovary, wfll beat.Hotiae, Broadway, (eatraaeejon Uouaton atreet.) from 1st to7th ln*t. All who are afflict** with acaorOLA, KBTSlPaV Dl^S, SCALD HBAD. BALI BKKCM. PIMPLB8, CAMKXB, RAWTMG OF T B Etilled to the protection of We, liberty aad tfae-pursmt of happiaesa. (Land cheering.) Having to-day closed aconfirmed William Trerat as Consul at Callao.Mr. Grand's nomination was then taken up, aad after a very animated debate he was confirmed,, by a rote of76c. Mempork.Jtffr « > £ ; shoulders, 7 c a 7 * c key dull at &KC.Winsweeks in a atraazie w or atobatthfrty-treto Obituary. DEATHOFANOLDMaTWTOM PILOT.DTTEBST A TBMr. DAVB. (dem.) of Mas.. introduced a series of reac-tions relating to the obligation* toapamd o a the States shy the conatiuuion, the light* of the people to aha Territo- ries, * c Mr Davis said be offered theae resolutions with the toaraitaa o f hartog a rote token o a them separately. B e would be g i s t if they could be adopted without debase aad with unanimityordered to be printed sad made the special order for Wednesday at1P. M.LAXUS FOR SCHOOLS.Mr Wasco, (dem.) of Mass.. introduced a bill appro-priating a million acres of the public lands for the benefit of die time schools of thefisstrictof Columbia,ran saw roax roar omca arm.tone,yen remember theaayuigofMr.Clay,thataidpa aea*andrespect,andreceivingita*tenderedtotheprta Mr.Foams,(rep.)ofConn.,introduced a resolutionofaaniy' pierad. bat there * a apart of patnattoto that haras to aouar heaartos that wtli nott^yet be eaxttaa^ganatotboedmentsaad we ask that the government of the country, lar as it has oaastitatkmaT power, ahaD wtoid that m behalf of the free labor of the North and the Santh, and in behalf of the tree labor of the worW. a a d that it shall dedicate the aaacenpied Territories of tbe to* Messed Inhumanor gow assess, (Oramof -So. Uniontofreedom.,aadwbaaaeawatorfreeman. Iam ao,*'"Merer." Bad cheers.) And If we do wrong at oae ownged tc you. teimw citiwas, for thto mark of your kind-riea.-WOOii.KDawxAwaiOaur. 21>, 13, 38,A U>., amaagmaaftos aanTucav asm_ CLAM MO.55, FXBBVAKT2,1880.fl, 64, 35, 31, 18, 20. 53. 24, 21.^Ibemreeno man mlfcs .. aa palnng yawr trigger year gun didnt gooff,would yon dor Weald jou throw it away, or womd you 'trvaeewaaator' '*May." MX he, '1 would pick theflint and try it ower." (Casern-) Maw, if aaytotofto daaa wroag tn thto country, a little u a w wUl a gaatlamas cpcL whom shoulders rested, like Atlas ofawka it rigftt-fCrtoa at" Hear him and cheers)— old, the destinies of thto country. (Cries of -Good ') aawehareaasilnaiTfwnHagandnaasiaaaAtoawr- MottoeHnedto beimpressedordepressed,atoadtoguponMr. Brown's resolutions were taken up.1to alt 1 -Mereriantabranch pilot of tbe port of New York, to the 84th year of his age.Tbe relatives aad Mends of the family, the pilots and captains of tbe port are respecfulry invited to attend his tuneral. on Sunday afternoon, at tw o o'clock, from hto late residence, 27 Union place. South Brooklyn.let "ftood," " f t o t l « V ' aad chaari.)Itoeaaiaaialatrplayedaayenaaawait wnat w a v bean aa-i I said, aa toaanage reamm thai oouatry will beTtawiiritaal 9towa 1 I think no wan in ton aooer aanafiwtoto^aaiaprnf*-aiem. (Cheers.) I «eU yenr.there—r—.* aaaaaw adatoke thanto«•P#iW^tJera waa f1MT -* "fiaaa^ and cheesa)—or (be eddy af itootbernawnagaawt Marthern lana. f^wwe.^wnat aboat aarpern Ferry * > Merer satod Harper* iBrry fCrwnof "Pat him oat-") My fMento.thattoaatoddayah» mtegrity aad ato right*, ha km heldm abeyance what hebehovedtobethetotoaaltooftheooantryforfourdays, and flnaiiy, by kto gigantic exercise of power, h e has to- day organized the Boose satisfactorily to me, aad, I doubt not, to the country.antaan Mr. BIIGCS to response to tbe toast mid —fiianwrrB—I am happy to ma yon. I take thisaa a token of your approval of the manner tnI bare to-day, mtoeOmanofBepieatulaliiai,~ zed a high duty. ("That's so," and load and pro-Oannaaa*—ih reply 11 tbe card pubUabed by William Jae-•oa and Charles Goodyear in yesterday s Herald, I wtoh 10 callyear atomaaa t» Ikefollowingextracu from decistonaof Judge<iil«4mtheCircuitCourtof UwL"mtodStates fortheDiuriet LISEBAB.—On Thursday, Feb.2, after a shortaad of Mary land, and from a decision o: Judge Mci^Oeb ui Un- iXr- severe illness, JKRKXIAH LISBBAH, in the 29th year of his cult Court of the Caked State* for the Kaatern District of Looi- age, a native of Riverstown. county Cork. Ireland.him for tweaker, regarding him, not as a republican, but thatwewfliabidehyherdrsttoyMrjpai,.totoderK. conservativeman.(CheersforPeaaiagtoa.)Brown'sresolutions Every ciUxens rightto^arry pro-perty into tbe Territories he conceded, and waa opposed 'be complainants relr tu the assertion of their rights It baaThe fruuds of her sons, Arthnr aad Michael, are respect- The Grover A *introduced a awN ^ S - k - " Brook; yn.<trtoaof t^od' aad cheers.) t ahaa* you tor to^htgh rraapitoarni whwh I thai ywi aar* tsatowjiapcd ***Tmy candidate when be ahould be in a m which my veto given for him would pat aa to the wiarjtog •aatoto to which for many weeks wearrived, an candidateofmy before the House, toe party waa bnpstom, toe republican party of itself could achieve no result, but by a combination with otherpartiestowaabroughtsonearathataayvote,theof a Unign party man, woou decide it. (Cheers for ) Ana aa myparty to a party tor the coun- try, a party af patriot?. I bat dtocharged the duty of a patriot when by my rote I to-day made the Boa, Mr. Pennington, an old line wtdg, the Speaker of the Bouse. (Vociferous cheers.) .tgam, gentlemen, I thank you, aad being ill, mam be ex-i.. the nomination of Mr. Dougiaa at Charleston, on accountof the n-justice and unconstitutionality of his Territorialuocuiae. If toe South should nominate him, the Northwould regard It as an admission that his vtows were ac-ceptable to It, thus forfeiting tbe respect of enemies a a dtbe sympathy of friends. The doctrine of squatter sove-reignty makea every Territory non-stovebolding, whethersituated North or South. H e could n o t agree with t h eSenators from Misatoeippi aad Georgia, that it was the dutyof Congress, even if it had the power, to pass laws for of oetober, Ve*6, from Goodyear to Day, TU. "tw exclusive further notice tbeprotectionofoaespeciesofpropertyintheTerritories. right,heanwandpttollegetomake,toumaad vendaturredor MILE*—On Wednesday, Feb. 1, JABSB MILBB, ID thecapital that owns i t has caused thto1 » gstruggle l a Conrepublic- (Ckewre. A rome—h*free labor forever; dawn wsOid. mocraoy.") to to ant a eaaJbet besareaa thd Stolesor this Union,or the peopie of oae seetton against the peo-ThepartythanproceededtotheresidenceofMr.Briggs.X)BeX>UDA?BrTMyfrtoada,itatwayebeioagiwrepcnticaato- longedcheerswereheregivenforBriggs.)Iregardit.taat tbare Bait a» a great variety of jpabnc not so mocha* a mark of year favor for me personally, mpea all aaaattona. aad our- only securtty is to for that official act which 1performed, not tor party,bat•.»,1844.1hulatwUttoatOaytobeeiearunderthecontractof LATBAS.aged43years,6monthsand18days.the iBJth of October,te*6,to UMvulcanised rubber m the manu- The relatives and friends of the family are respeetfu/lyfacture of all ahifrai goods, whether thev be cemented, mwed invited to attend the funeral, this (Friday) aftoroaOaVat aamt be made to Dr. LMVaTrTao. 12i Waver top orwoven oneo'clock,fromhtototeresxtoace,604Washington Broadway."r .aad the atrangtaof cur itniitatwtos de- (-riea of »*tiood aad chaera.)rn*toBOhap*fartheatabiMt?atoar coantry.jCtswrs.) Bat mw%y luantifha ims thto. that we* all tore oaaarr coaatry, aadfor the country. I hope the country will, a s you do, ap-pramtoe the act to wbteh ! bare referred. (Cries of "Theywul," ami cheers. 1 Oa the «th day of January, I indi-catedtheHon.Wa. Penningtonas a propermanfortheatomofSpeakeroftheHouse,and said Iwonidrotefor1 wiah A to oe uaderstood. however, that I have read with MCALSBK —In the 74th year of her age, CATHERITE caretheopinionptJjadgelnpereoU, andwaUe mymindha*been atruck with thecare aad abuny he ha* displayed m the MIALBBK, a native of parish Lissann, county Tyrone, Ire- inveaugadon of the merits of the controvert!}, 1have oseu land.CraaaV'bytoaSMr. Weliaeh,candidate tor Mayer ofgive you George Bnggs. of New York—Horaceaellmg Votesnized ftubber Oooda—t oJOU" UAlA, 1 JOHN wTTEkMBB, U ALJrRED R. WOOTTEN, SWiururcToa, Dal.. Jaa. 31,1MB. Prism payable to full, 1DO TOC WANT aFI^MDlDche*—It your aeard won't*babed 1953). which will foree thaw to grow to won't stain or injure the akin. Prlee T l, aaatR. G. GRAHAM, MMTTIBOll DaV RKBffBt-8 MEDICAL OAXITM, JA3TUART. r WW—Dr LNVNTT, i>«ouat, 1* 'form of Akwell FtoBaaay ef oar paatoa> of Hyatt by the repubheana waa, that a Itotestifysaightbeinterpreteda*adesiretoavoidI'S'hato the Senate to day a massage in he deems it atoMtotosareason tor having the bill aparaprtotrng |A*,«0 for deepening the toe St. Cmir Ttott, Michigan, that It wasto him until the tost day of the former Con he bad no opportunity to smmtoto it. B eaays that a cooahtntioaal mode existB by which the Legis tare of Michigan n a y la its discretion raise topney to i n - toeensaaattotheStClairriver. HidamnotFeb. 2, 1880.IntelligenceMinister will aot arrive anal the beginning of May.that time tbe duties of the Legation will be performed bythe present Secretory.Itothatwayexpecttowin. aadJeflersonandthefathersoftherepublic,andwhich THSBAVKKCOSHTLATS,ETC Whiskeydullat24c TUUPKI-NS—USPKRHILL—Inthiscity,onWednesday,-iVS i •..,,, .._:••tointimateadoubtofthepowerofCongresstocon rress.HUl'i Hair Dye 50 Centa, and by all other11 i r n l t o m p I e k t o n . — L a 1 r d ' a L I q n I d Pear) lcr beautifying andmay be tried gratia et 4TMrs. Wlnslow'a •aataHmar Syrwp.Milllonaof buttle* are aow ased every yearMilllonaof bottle* are aow ased every year hi the Cnnediroveraents as maybe necessary far defeaoa aad protoction against theof a foreign enemy It would scarcely b e claimed, however, that the improvement to within thto categoryis the boundary the Unitedaad tbe Briton Provinces of Upper Canada.Any improvement of its navigation, therefore, whichcouldbemadeforthepurposesofwar,wouldequally insure to the benefit of Great Britain, the only enemy that could pamtbly confront us in that quarter. W ar would be a sad calamity, but should it ever unhappily exat, the battle will not be fought on the St. Clair river, or on the lakes with which it communicates,ora minium WITH KBCThe President baa been closeted to-day with the Secre.tary and AsBsrtant Secretory of State, conferring in regard to the course to be pursued for the adjustment of the ponding rUfflenHiea with Peru. The recent peremptory refusal of the Peruvian government to aetata tbe chums of our citizens, and t h e insulting manner In which this refusal was conveyed, may necessitate a naral expedition thither It to rumored that toe totoore of the Lobos Islands has been thought of as a measure of security aadSuch a course persisted in m ail similar would bring those South American republics to their i, aad the President to fully alive to the importanceFire s t Dexter. Mtcti.Drrm, Mich .Feb 2,I860.The building and mock of George Arnold, grocer, aad ttw Dexter Hotel, adjoining, were destroyed b y fire tost evening. Lorn $6,000, partly insured.THe Misaiaalppt Central Railroad. Wamsawaaw, Feb. 3,186UAa authorized ilmpatcfa m y s that trains ceaunenced running over the Mtoalasippi Central Bead for the first Abe on the 29th ult. and that they hare been running regularly amce then.Fatal Accident at Providence. Paovroamx, Feb. 2,1880.BCHTTECTS' AND MECHAMTOT JOCBMALm x A T i o s a f i wtrtot, alec be went iiome >o Aeniucky after lantoj totedtor the CempensaUon l a w On being addreaaed by anewato awa,who aato -*€toy, yon here none arias,."•weB,"saysha,"*Vffriend,ifyauwareeat fasissmioaiALorssmm. afternoon. Delaware,antraCtow5,tar1eu>* td whaui I am a hambie advocate, I md you good night, anahmg yon all a long aad happy life.of expeoM ' KDDY AMr. FrrcH, (dam.) of lad., dtocumiirt tbe Territorialquestion. He thought the new doctrine of popular sore-reignty a departure from the views of the founders of thegovernment B e deteaded the coarse at the democraticsenators in displacing Mr. Douglas from the chairmanship oi the Committee on Territories. His views « to thepower ofthe people ofthe Territories, declared fromFreeport to New Orleans, were at variance with the opi-nions of the great majority of hto party. The action oftbe Senate was not from disrespect to the Senator fromIlhnon?. but because they respected their principles. H edefended tbe Northern democracy from the charge of unsoundness preferred by Mr. lrerson, and denounced therepublicans as foes to the constitution. He thought, whenthey took an oath to support the constitution they mostdosowitha reservation Northerndemocratssacrificedthemselves to defence of Southern institutions. HereferredtoDickinson.Cms,Dodge,Jonesaadothers, who were driven out because they de-tended (he South agamat the prejudices of theirown people. The republicans now endeavored toratoe a storm which would sweep tbe Northern demo-crats out of extotoace. He wished to be allowed to standoa constitutional ground. He then referred to Mr. practicalandcommonsenseviewtakenOTJudge Uiim01taeThe relatives aad friends of tbe family are invited to attend the fu- serai from the residence of her parents. No. 155 East Thirty-fifth street, a t one o d o c k , aa Fridayicqurrv whether the appropriation for the new Post Office at New York to now in force, aad whether further legula- uon to aamsasry. Atopted.QreuiarsiFrench Untilis concerned: but this conflict, fellow citiwns, to not oae ofaacaoaa, as baa bean represented—it to not a conflict betsnea the North aad the South, or batneau aar/ othersec-t«Be of this Cnieu. hot it to a oonffiet as to an etomaat ofpolitical economy and the systems of labor existing in thiscountry.Ittoaconaxtwhethertheimoosupiedtarri- SundrycommunicationswerereceivedfromtheExecu-ourindependence,1778,aadconsequentlybadattainedMrs.A.L.BrowneaadofMrs.Olcaaauaadfamilyarere.cf tbe Union shall be now, and eatotoaa to be, the tive department.as lao iraasaanr--waasnar saey •oaux o e oeojoaieu On motion of Mr. Gwa, (dew.) of Cs!,awas>eaoivedo n Monday h e would awwed torerar to' fret" homes, tor free man, ortheace, MX aaly from yanroam Staias, bat brunght to m U m gave notice that(Friday) afternoon, at one o'clock.CABBOU On Thursday. Feb. 2, MAST, only daughterAPPROXIMATIONn a mto go on with the calendar.ntartoa shall kaAlad a a ajgm a tdack jdara popotottoa, dar was tor the construction of a railroad to the Pacific,and he desired to take that op.tho cocilici of to say—(Cheers)—aad a o t a war o f the THK sK aam r'* BDSRXAI. t a x .Mr. Sranaa, (rep ) of Mam., introduced a resolution re-thai coentry from the she ran a f Africa, ky which the Ter-Tbe first mil upon tbe ralanwcttonj? of tins Uaioa. It to aeaantton a principle of questing the Committee on Commerce to inquire into theCLABK —On W edaesday, Feb. 1, Mrs. RBCBD? A. Cuuac,poatwat economy, and as to the pyatom a f labor that cabbest oevelope the material interest of toe country. aad finelar tts gteafctodaanrial tolanatn (Phatis.) The qaeattonof the uay to, whether the awa who awn their own labor.whosedailytot!totheonlymeanstheyhaveofobtainingexpediency of repeating the hospital tax on seamen andabolishing" the present system of marine hospitals. Adopt- death—yeaterday—when the mortal frame gave way un-Her relatives aad friends are respectfully invited to at-tend her funeral this (Friday), at ten o'clock A. M ., from 19*2.....to 1B9S3. 3M West Forty fifth street. 1M3. Xed.Mr WiurALL, (dem.) of Texas, gave notice of a bill foriinmioJUWrsunaamTOmaFACDIC.Ito*iikon11aad aappart lor Vmi nr 'aji ami their Uaailiea,thaM be ton raopiento of thto great inheritance, be- a railroad aad telegraph between the Atlantic States aad one of the firstpilots who furnished the HERALDwithahwyears.DBRCSBT—In Fort Ridgely, Minnesota. Baas EDWABDPERISSY, son of Cape G. A. De Baasy, C. & A., aged 1 year and 5 months.Domrca—Oa Wednesday. Feb. 1 , FBASKB , oaly child ot Michael aad Elizabeth Douhue, aged 5 years. 6 months and twenty seven days.The friends and relatives of the family are respect/ulrv invited to attend toe funeral, from the ressdenoa of hto parents, Mo. 362 Sixth avenue. this (Friday) afternoon, at one o'utook.My angel boy is sleeping Beneath the cypress tree.Aad away an eye to weeptog Aad long will weep for thee.Tbe grave will then enfold thee Widiin its narrow cell;No more shall we behold thee My aagel boy, farewell.Fawmt—On Wednesday evening, Feb. 1, ELLAJAXE, danghter of Jacob C and Sarah A. Fisher, sged 7 years sad7months.78B1...J0O 7BB3...JHB 704—300 1787*. 78B6..JWJ<l-»athad by your lathers—whether those who own their own labor are to occupy the Territories of thai Union, tree trow the dagradauan ileal witotl •MialaTery every- where brings apae tree tabor, or whether they are to b eCafifomto.letters and intelligence in those aays when w e had to re- ly on thto medium at information. Kelso w a s loved, re- spected and admired by all who enjoyed his acquaintance.Draw lap;*of France, Broadbeau & Co.'* Delaware Leitorya^- _«5, 4a, oCTSTtTdir, 78, ttdT*,"4, loT7. Oueeuiiiuian uorraav—OLA** TWO, FaasuAav 2. tsau. 36, SO, 59, Uja, 65, 6, 44.4, 7,40, 08,77, 87.FTsAKiIS, BXOADBSXT8 A CO., Maangers, Wuaungton, Delaware.OrawlRgi L«otte-otrs SAonc SAVAInmwacm. (dam.) Of Oregon, offered aMr. L a s s ,Btractiag the Committee on Masai Affairs to inquire into the expediency of eatabltohing a naval station on Paget'* Soaad. Adopted.WASffiSGTOsr, Feb. 2,1880.Baownn—The frtoada a a d ampmswasama o f Mr a a dresolutioninbeenwellsaid1tied or more nmi;require* that ('are to he 'meant,totiastrumenls: that Iread and receive mil* aataraJ>enae. taking thto familiar rule aa a guide, 1 la dlflicuh, in my judgment, to understandcorrugated good*.''The defeadaMaanaltind that these words In Una metrumentwhowouldnotconformhisactiontothe constitutionhad piyinggeneraltermstosomethingsparine*llyhmiied. euohasuch as myteestosa waaM prompt. (Obeen, Gentle in his band the raw material of John Brown, aad could conatruction might be readily summed if Goodyear, at thetime MILLER.—On W edaesday, Feb. 1, Mrs. MASY MILLBB tocused tor aot baton ahw to gtre you a further reception,wa bare panned through a con- a craw la the affairs of It were, torof theirof the House of Be1by no other feeling afonlyfindaffiliationontheethersideoftoechamber. Be hemadethegranttothecomplainantUay,hadonly beenthe the70thyearofherage.This would mam Ceagrem to degenerate into a mere Ter-ritorial Legaiature H e held that slavery wa* protected39th year ot hto age. Thefriendsofthefamilyarerespectfullyinvitedtoattendtbefnaersl,fromhistoteresidence,No,3Troy ticularkindofshirredorcorrugatedgoad* Ttoatoclearlyap- atreet,thto(Friday)afternoon,athalfpastoneo'clock.intheTerritories bythecommon law. TheTerritoriescouldaotexerctoepowerbelongingtoaState. Tbeman corrugatedgoods"Tba;atoaay.thatthegranti*ufoneparkm^ ^ _ BCEGLAE FEOOF SAFE Afiord* the most perl est^ hKCCail^AOAlMST FIEK AND aTCBGLAR* OfanySatetothewerht,a*alaah*OSM.TOtratoatI hundred*of nose*tossedartoeaadbwater*win *in|li) IIHHIII 11 m iiiaaw is Ma wiiHiils IttoiENTIRELY PREK FatMf And do** not, ihereiore. tojaredepoawad in it, a* alt other aaies ana mmALUM TlTJUrt - _^__ARE araix EJTOWir TO DO. Secondhand Safe.of attaraaakeraisraato«^jdftoawibadyettolearnthatthedemocraticpartybelongedto' r a particular kind ot>*hirred or eorru- The relatives and friends of toe family are respectfully welooktothefactarecitedintoedeed, invitedtoattendtoefuneral,foamtberesidenceefherone man, from whom it bad received its interpretation of arts their wbattbto er that law meant. He did aot believe toei two patent* named tntoe recital for 1 shirred or corrugated good*, tsoodyear enter af vuicaatoed rubber, which 11 ca- , aot oaly a> skwred or corrugated goods, r Goodyear'* patent for the method andson, J. B. Miller. No. 92 West thirteenth street, this (Fri- day) afternoon, a t two o'clock.OrrnBLijrr.—On Thursday, F e b . 2 , Ot lniiaensa, A W A LOOBA, only daaghtor of Fritz E. aad Euan H. OBtorliad,party was yet prepared to go on its btaded knee to thto man and ass him en what terms he will accept the nomi nation. When he put on his hat it did not cover the entire brains of the party, aar hto wanwwat, whoa he buttoned h , Ms entire heart. Mr. Fitch then examined the l»red Scott decawn. contending that it sustained the views he had •dreams B e atoo claimel that they were sup- ported by the CtontoJtoM platform. H* thought these.•aoods,buttoatoocapableofbeingap aged1year,10monthsandISdays.giiAteoai.VALESTTjre A^OTLRR,Mr.however , on which democrats might aider(dam.) of DL, mad it was aot aeoamary to i aay aamaewesay aato toe •aaator from •ftoto tatoaWlke lamtornaaasatosw tlbstotom - . _ u JiunillJl gapllga **«<iri»i his own State before the meeting of the late• aatotoaaw had or afterwards 1lof deeds, aided by the etoeo-aa aetonled that Goodyear'* »enow tnat he did not reier to a parttoetor nut to any and all kinds, whatever might• » « •amwTidjtog.m or exiled from the South.Speaker of toe apecialAawhileNortheraFeb. 1,1880. The hark I sheas, from Mew York, bound to VeraCruz, has fart in here leaking badly, hartog been to col bSWn with a schooner: also lost topmast and sails.NEW OSLSAJTS, Feb. 1, 1880. Bght thousand balm of cotton were burnt to day at the,-r.a 1 Um-WHTBIM «OLB WATDP brown.DepotMo.1Baratoyatreet,atooaollat417 sagstomaBoon.K.B-OaUaodamktom.J-CLAM MO. S6, *SBUUARTz, I860.J6. i»,TO. ,IS, 12, 597M, Tl, 65, 67, 34, 9.aasrast from *I think *o tr:mtbf lice: wham 1 have dieof Judge G0m:-aa I have bean able to draw any inference 1, that they all strengthen the conclusion 10 ves—that tn the contract of Oetober 29, l$*S,The friends and acquaintance* ot the family are respect- fully invited to attenddia tuneral from the residence of James Scannel, No. 615 Grand street, this (Friday) after-H .Day'*NoticeofUnacity. At ire been fired.or eorruaateu goods ' meantall kinds ot ahir-noon . a t two o clock. vary Cemetery.LOT mgaoda, whether eeewnied, woven or eewed, and 1a not lux it tome •naSs'WailH under the patent of Marchi*<i or ccrrugakeepiog torn la eoeaaaaariaadaaamhatoveaaon I* patentee, appheattam foam Mew YorkKiintci* from thaoplatop of Judge Met 'aleb — street, without further notice.mote cogestiy influenced »y what I Uumblr contider tba morv variooadeedscontaining-thegrant*aadcovenantsuponwhichThe funeral will take place from No. 16 MonmouthUntitled DocumentI*norule oflawwhichtobetter**(- t tor the Bec.imy of titled than that which all apeak fortnemaevca, that they atonein aider to uncertain what Um parties redueedtoandevidenced byseatedin2, HIGH McCAiraay, in the 3lst year of hto age, born in the pariahof Brumgsff, town of RsthfreUsa, county of Down, Ireland.their language can be unneratood, it la to beJTCBLVG CHILBLAINS AMD CHAFFED H >y liCPD I'M Ctolbtoto aato awtoiatoaaa, I"lorbjobedefendants canbepot upon tbe true legal chert 01 m e worm whicnJhe friends of the family, and those of his sister Catha-rine, are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, on T 01>DrtI* c l , t r B SAtrca.—THUS nrarrn.iBn*Saturday afternoon, a t o a e o'clock, from t h e southwest ilescribethe aubjeat matter of the grant m the deed of the 2na corner of Third avenue and Fifty-first street, wtthoatJ TklmSSi***• S -^'mmT>ERMANENTA The ALCM PATENT FIRE andaretnbereadmiflasgrantorhadsaid,-mysaidsharedor1 of shirred or corrugated goods Vulcanized *anwrtent part, not oar/ of that kind of Goodyear Had invented, but of any whichThe friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral from t h e residence o f h e r parents, No. 222 Jay •treet, Brooklyn, thto (Friday) afternoon, at one o'clockRics -On Thursday morning, Feb. 2, Wniiia^fisssY, Jr , only son of Wm H. and Mary EUmbeth Bice, aged 7 years, 0 months aad 9 days.The relative* aad frtoada ot tbe family are respaeMaity invited to attend the tuneral, from No. 148 "street, on Saturday morning, at eleven 0 clock.toatps •—1 bj tokaa trrBnmswnil CtototoijBKBABDeoa._On Wednesday, Feb. 1. af drops..the betered wife of James J. Richaruaon. in the 63d year of her age.Tbe friends and relativeas of the family aim tne mem hers of Altoghanto Lodge No. 183,1 O. at*a F ., srajto- spectrally invtted to attend the funeral, fram awr ka^raav denoe, No. 326 North SecondftauaiorehildreuiAwtbmg. with never falling aof Thomas sad ArtoMp Carroll, in ttie 5th year of her age. Her funeral will take place from toe roatawaee of herNo PrtseliTo. 3RI...S1W) 1S*S8 •ft.Trite \lfo rVssr.'JVo. ai|»»5....7U0 J—yvaW.IJrb.1878 .SO1879, - - .30 1MM8 1861 30 169*9. 1882. 30der genera] debility and old age. Kelso bro sight up a largefamilyofsonsJallafwhomfollowedtbesameprofession, Coasrock—AtMontgomery,Ala.,onSunday,Jaa.22, 1SH5 2U14016.Wa. S. CoasTocK, formerly of Wilton, Conn., aged 44 1946 20 16017but two only are Itoing Jacneoa aad Lambert. He wasGRAND KELSO—OnThursday.Feb.2.CaptainJABBSKELSO. bytow,totheeorrwamawefthaiH is remains will b e taken to Cal- LAYBA.N—On W ednesday morning, Feb. I.STOTIKN D.GOCRACP'8 OaiaWTAL and compleatos). 67W, way. Bewareefunder the aaaw ofatordf Baraatttostreet.JerseyCity,thto(Friday)afternoon,attwoo'clock. I MTOBTANTTOTAILOR8AMDfully invited to attend. No carriages allowed.Tyrone papers (Ireland) please copy. McCAmtEY—Suddenly, of apoplexy, on Thursday, Feb.eae o'clock, without further _.-Oa Wuls11111y,Feb.l,Wto.J aadMaryA Reowe.ofa1 aad 28 days. totoS 4 years. 2 swaths aad SB oaya.brain.^ S L .-i—iJLm 1 *- af the family are respectfullyThe relaavw aadfr»»TM" ^ f«s*ii87 Moti street thtotorited to aiaaadW ASMA—Onivatoe ^^X^^v>r^m^^^-Liverpool toto the 34th year ofedy'aCOMMISSION** OT D dulyappoauedto hake .y, Ae. - MDWAMDrofHaktod.bent five week* tor totISl,SfiSi• 1•" Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069of this city. WmiA—Of dsopay, laawt R-.www.fultonhistory.com_ • .- *a 1 