 Ii,I' !gretted. Human foresight in manycases could neithercurrence at the time, nor have pr^idedthe possibility o f their repetition. Tfarence murder is not one of thosewe say that men and women died hj the, visita- tion ef Ged, or through the workings of some inscrutable dispensation of Divine providence. That there will not be wanting in Massachusettsting vigor, the republican members of Congress-Helper denounces as a meet shall be utterly ailent Before the thro of the ^ N r n # < »• rib* tejary ***• kotokefIFl' iAmericans sad anti-LecamptoaitesatthemeetingheldonSundaylast,ia stinctofself-preservation,areholdingbackin inthatlastgreataccount-thatdaywhenthe republicantriumph&1SCOwouldbemorally trading'-iftheypossessthedesireandcapacitybooksoftherich andthepoor,thehighand certain,"Betweenfortyandfiftyofthesegentle- towork.'"Thatfapreciselythestateofthecasethey declared that no man who recom- a large degree from that free commercial inter-or still insists on, and does not disclaim course with the North which has in the past the low. Dives and Lazarus, the beggar and men retain seats, at the present hour, in the at we represented it; but we have shown that1onetoprotectgascoasuamrs,andonetotutionandtheUnion.TheelectionofSher- probablywillnotbeuntilafterthenextex-saryferries,repairingmarkets,andmulcting viewsotfoBouto,andthey,therefore,com- Had Brown's invasion of Harper's Ferry the treasury to a large amount for extra pay of mand Janerel attention and extort adnrira-JlVS f.iter t ••.,:ft *We hare news Mftntavedto efafed' •r. netreatyofpeaeeAyree endtee Arfeettee o raUfted. The paper on**t>ete.,oat the amte#eateteset tinware f i * " "proclamation, asked the Buenos Ajteaus to re- am esrthority. Hoetihties hid itosedof cotton r««thioaitaebasauUl'.c.and s»edta» grades of SUJe a a t WeaUrumencedhisbusinesscareerby is, stealing, "without the knoihumanbeingbesuteshimself, •IsAete e f * * * tbrown's," his "money." The palliatingown mind, was that he "kept ato let it go at half price, or even gratis where I veto power, theenly reseats* t author ZiItwffltellaausuallywell. Teegisatoslema%1bum,wfflbeabletoaecetopttteTetjOitttoJm•1 ere being utode to circulate it extensively in J arresting the tide of corruption which flows ^,iiann,IIUiiete^te^ Jersey and tbrongh toei order t o gain, tf possible, t h e , legislature. m fa part of toe.*•»•*•yesterday. So far as has of the country, exhibiting dearly and truth-thirty-eight bodies fully the tone o f public feeling at this excited fortyaevea personsammiss* moment.toseventyeight. Thewholecountryisrisingrapidlytoacrisisalreadysubscribed Inpolitiesandtradewhichthreatenstoinvolve forthereliefofthesuf-slaves guide the magic thread wherefat dividends. T h e pnesident a n dton doze over their after dinnerits ruby color deepened with theoftheoperative. The manufaetorfelltopieces,ormaybeburneddomatter. It is insured—fully insured iioffices. Another glass of wine. A nd the di- Schuyler Colfax, Cyd'r BTomptias,Valent'eB, H«rton, fugitive slave Fred. Douglass, as his chum and homes of their childhood and the attemptedA '•*. ss» f.1.«v4a amend theMoses Taylor, from New Orleans, Hara*a 8th taat.arrived a* tote nertta»teve>resultw%.their staves weave a t Lawrence. They will press were comparatively silent concerning it. give money to help that cotton nicker to rise Free soil necrophilism had not yet worked it- and murder his matter, and to make up for self up to the pitch of daring to chuckle openly thatexpensewillputthescrewstightertothe overtheassertionthat"toenegroeswould cotton weaver, who it—God save the mark!—a be delighted to cut their masters' throats,'7 and tree laborer—free as the galley slave denouncing slaveowners as " robbers, ruffians, who clanks bis chains at Brest or thieves and murderers," "more criminal than Toulon; free at the British soldier who faints common murderers." Besides, the Kansas out- under the burning tun of India—free to rage humbug was notquite exhausted, and Le-iaKEW YORK HERALD.mi i i i u i i i h i i **••""»'""»''•'. 'i|"-" *JAHKa GORDON IIIIKTT,are no slaves in S4hra*ka, not, n w w ef negroes1;.:, ':>-.Who will b e entitled to J vote at tl^^^ePliaMef- • Airthaa.at So. $Wall street, distributes itg 'as-a1 applicant, auditqof^nu-,g«I"ii*~Mayer Wood will haven hard task toThe S«WI.to to-day's taper a taut ofisting excitement in the public mind growing out of the "irrepressible conflict" between the North and South; and in addition to the reportsup with iron plates, as if they could stability of a structure which was d insecure from its foundation to its ja• The corporation makes itself securedorsing as they do such passages of his bookss, "Thieves are, as a general rule, leal amena-ble to the moral law than slaveholders;" and,again, "All pro-slavery slaveholders deserveto be at once reduced to a parallel with tilelowers of Helper are worthy, in their political manoeuvres, of the antecedent* of that indi- vidual hJWMMJf-2 i » -i n i t — i « n >APXR os TBM Cownrrnw or FBGI-in tneir annual periodical visits at toe gay birds of brilliant plumage from theSouth, which make our groves voontVlt.cheerful songs, and add plctareaque beauty to the scene? In toe coming summer the human "birds of passage," which have hitherto created11m horrible catastro»phe aw-Lawi rence, of Hie disgraceful scenes enacted in Congress •a* on Taasdnj *•*, together with the ev deoce J yesterday, we hare before u s another oaten ofbasest criminals that lie fettered within the •rrvic SLAVKS.—We publish in another columncells of our public Y*»&> W J | I B B M P * an article from the Toronto (Canada Went)pecuniary loss by full insurance. The SJ M to the limn IT which was elicited before the letters and communications from various parte are in motion, the busy fingers of thelepublioan journalsef to* North, and toe fol- lowing sixty-eight members o f Congress who authorized the use of their names, recommend- ingtoe"ImpendingCrisis,"hadgoodreasonto considerHelperpeculiarlyadaptedtobetheir pioneerintheapproachingPresidentialcon- test In fact, Messrs.Globe, commenting upon toe account whichre- Mason and Dixons line in pursuit of healthor cently appeared in the HKKALD of the condition pleasure, will seek the watering placet o f Vir- of fugitive slaves in Canada, furnished by our ginia, North Carolina, Georgia and ant moun- special commissioner. TheToronto Globefa tainrangesoftheSouthernStates,abeundiag editedbyGeorgeBrown,whetherarelationof withfinescenery,andwithairassalubrioussebaertbeimthiscity manyofourbeatinterestsinruin. Whilepo» litical demagogues are intriguing to rule con- The proceedings of both houses of Congress ventions and secure nominations for themselvesOldJohnBrownornot,wedonotknow; andbraciDgasanyattheNorth. Repulsedby butwedoknowthathefarepresentedbythe rudenessandviolence,andbyabuseofthefat theMr. Davidson gare notice when be agate, came tothe Howes he would bring his shot gun with him,Mr. Harris, of Maryland, said that was makinggame o f the House. Mr. Haskin subsequently e x -plained how the pistol happened accidentally tomil from his breast pocket Mr. Clark, of Hew tions. This distrust will grow with the grow- York,*apologizedfortheharshremarks. Without ing excitement, and may very easily giveus balloting for Speaker, the House adjourned inrailroad depot, confessed that these statements were literally true i n a l l particulars, even t o the names. The attempted contradiction of the Canada editor, then, may be taken for what it is worth.THB JOBS AND FRAUDS OF TUB COMMOX COUNCIL, PART AND TO Conn.—We publish in another column today, an account of the illegal jobs and frauds which toe last Common Council at-good order.a financial panic before ton summer is over. The tone of sentiment expressed at the dinaw recently given by the Senate of Virginia to Lieutenant Governor Jackson, of«"»eisa»*B> m iI si Meats a: i ttai mnlnthe old ones.Unfortunately for the taxpay-by toe country as a tarit acknowledgment of^ • I P T * ^ *11 1" *K;-?!"«KFP W f ' i r * ' ^ ^"•«•«iin^fB/.toteanehe»c.fambaaiahtegfreenegroesfro*!*«u*. oftt*terribleitaeMiaaouri Legislature have#eoeater,^'tfttej|r rtfeeue ti^lfinTllig Eter*e»wf»n "that cannotget'riiiofIt4n>nyotoerS,!>«sMfcfft••*••ladfe*1**'*1foreseeing that however partial may be its im- mediate effect on individuals, Its general result will be prejudicial in the extreme to the chain of punctual and faithful completion of obliga-Fleuriras more act.TMinnuanus book, nearly all of toei fi nant to the Raft- rence to see examples of this. The Greeks are Arcularius,Stil- teachingsofSeward,Helper.ShermanandPresidential election of I860, It was circulated bytensofthousands,witha"feelingofmoralpaving of Broadway, t new contract for streethitexploitsinthatofjournalism.Hisspeeches are at wordy, egotistical werehisdulleditorials. |fcPryor,however, fa not alone in the desert of buncombe and rigmarole, and that may be a crumb or two of comfort for him.^-The speeches of Messrs. Curry, B o y w j p l Mike have set forth, in a veryspirited,manlyandforcibleway,toeand Plumb pre* John Brown, as does the South, The reaction at our own doora. There are hundreds of in-FEW YORK HEyBALD,T1maimed for the remainderThere are some shocking accidents—such aspart o f to-dwy% » f f « ^fl* ° * ' found a letter from thenotorious Helper,thesubstance of which appear* to be that he& & ! * & * » * * * * * * ftllitt. his stool^iSne ffVflKms restrain them *om teveivtowthe eftryinm. **• We ,re co»pelfcd£fe^ssWsmiism'ihlueirtnkl ea*^*^m w WSBBBBJ ew^aanftw*]*thr results of which,oeriod. Mr.Of the same!"from tending hit tiary; buthethat while the clrcula- document is kept up with unremitrpeople.perhapsjeurnaUateandparsons,totake at alt li -*» sucb ground, w e can readily imagine; hat itvteSewtitetnStatoa. , ;• ttiNpt tinn, withWas firm, butat lie. a 12;,c. The de•Great* were beld trtlhwillbeatsheerMaaphemyasifitwerepjead*d as an excuse by a wretch who came into court With hands dyed in the blood of his brother.tHelper's book, ia « Word, fa the mtlnsteaV anddependence of the bloody black iepubli can press and the leaders of the "irrepressible conflict" aggressors ef the North, in the nation-toreatof Buttftoenotofa^aamne^tufiVingagreatloeamanufacturingThenewsreceivedlastnightfromWashing-ton is particularly interesting and significant,as indicating the alarming tendency of the ex- building, that it is not safe, and it isin either this world or intinenext, he substan- tiated or established."• dulli were tirm,to Liverpool and to Loudon.or taw imioB— intheHOQM.largeerected a building t o b e used as a manufac-tory, to be filled with ponderous michinery,andtobeoccupiedduringtenhoursineachworkingdavbyeighthundredmenandwo-them,shouldbeperfecltypleasantandsatis- undertheirdirection*,emulatetheBibleSocie- men. It is found, after the erection pf the factory to his black republican admirers, en- ty itself in multiplying its numbers. The fol-Freichlawere steady,Let us examine the case.In the centre ef aY et the devicetown therehas- beenAnson BarHogame, Jobs Covode, Freeman H. Morse, faithful companion while Douglass sojourned in destruction o f their cherished institutions, they yesterday were qnite exciting. The Senate sat till fanatics are rousing the public mind to frenzy rector enjoys bis port, as fine old Boston gen- nwen Lovely, Cad. O. Washburn, DavM Kilgcre,nveo'clock.AnexcitingdebateensuedonMr.withtheirabsurdclamors,andadeludedmi- Pugh's resolution reRardlng the Territories, nority of representatives in Congress lendtlemen have done before him for many a.day Amos P. Granger, Sam'IG. Anlrews, Was. Stewart, Canada in his flight to England, after the arrest will henceforth seek enjoyment and recreationEdwinBMorgan,Abraham8.Oliu,SamuelR_CurtiS, ofOldBrownatHarper'sFerry,anditfaonlyinregionswheretheywillfeeli gone by. and will for many a day to come H H (ialusba A. Grow, Shine; Dean, John M Wood,fa which Mesars. Psgb, Douglas, Davis,Green and Clay took park Mr. Douglasstoutly defended the consistency of hisviewsonthequestionofpcpularsovereignty. Hecharged that others had changed their opinions, diary book. They flatter themselves that thesadsaidthathewouldnotacceptanominationforaffair will blow over without any particular I crushed and burned to death since thatfineoldJohn Sherman, C. L. Kaapp, Wm. D Brayu>n, Globe, while attempting to deny these facts, House of Representatives, has been in session, tieo. W. Palmer, B. E Penton, James BufflagtOB,astohncourse. Mr.Harris,ofMary- proposedthatMr.Clark'santi-Helperreso- attemptqtJohnBrown.beremovedoutoftheway,andthattheadopt the anbetitute adopted by the Gcm-the funds supplied byill-advised andhum- the premium that will be demanded thecover,that"wereeverycitizeninpossession betrue. Moreover,itstatesthattoefugitiveimportant topics In the present state of the Unionhavebeentakenupandtreated,asarule, ratheraftertoefashionefstamporntejrnabaaof statesmen. We look through cobmnu after col- umnofthedebatetwithoutfindinganythinglike abroadandcomprehensiveviewofpnblicmat ten, and lay down the record with the feelsag thatifthecountryreliesforitssalvationupon such men at these, itsdependence is npoa abrufaedreed. Wepresumethatduringtoe present session of the House, toe members havemadealtogetherasmanyasahundredset speeches; and,withtheexception ofavery few, stfbh at those of Mr. Curry ef Alsbama Mr. Miles and Mr.Boyce of South Carolina,andhas dropped Into a gentle slumber, and is JoshuaR. (iidtlings.Nath'l B. Durfee, John M Parker, Edward Wale, Emory B. Pottle, Stephen a foster,dreaming of two per cent per month, when Calvin C. Oaaflee, De Witt & Leach, Chas. B GUman, William B. Koisey, John V. Potter, Cbas. B. Hoard, merit of his endorsement of Helper's incen- there comes a Crash, a shriek, a death wail. Wm A Howard, f. Davis (slam.) John Thompson,TwohundredyoungmenandWQmeahad*been HenryWaldon, J.P.Paroeworth, J W.Sherman,to be expected that he would abuse the more at home.HERALP'S statement of disagreeable facte con-cerning the unfortunate fugitives in her Majes- ^OBATOBICAL DfflFTATt Wty's colonies. Butit is remarkable thatthe since toe present mats meeting,fuel to the growing flames by stolidly insistingthat Sherman shall be elected Speaker, on thethe Presidency from the Charleston Convention results, just as did the Hartford Convention Boston gentleman ate his last almond. But he Henry L Dawas, lia^ooW. Kicuacl Mott,to insured. Where to the insurance for the jnettaS. Morrill, CbarMa«tSS7~ Geo. R. Bobbins, true. Itconfesses that thefugitive slavesdosuf- discursive speeches, the tedium ef Which hatartless en a platform in accordance with his treason in the timeof the war of 1812 with I. WastriMiroe,Jr ,T. Davtt (towa), Ezekiel P. Walton, fer on their arrival in that inhospitable region. only been broken by a personal dispute or anavowed aeatimenta. He announced that he would England. But they forget that the Hart- kindred of the slain! Where the reco J A "hereafter reply to the attacks made upon him. for the bereaved fathers and heartbroken eno Wm. Kei fordConventionwasnotaccompaniedwith KB.WaahlIntheHouse,Mr.Shermanenteredintosome anyovert act,while their treason teachings them,and weeping sistersandagonizin*bro- Urnj.Hiaiiton,James Pike, James WiUoa,Homer E Boyee, & A. Portriaaee, It admits, further, that the assertion that the unsuccessful ballot for aSpeaker. InthetoarseIsaiahD.CUwaea,PraaoiaB.Spinner, agentsoftoeundergroundrailroadappropriate ofthisextendeddiscussion,themostvita!and A'&Murray. SilasMBurroughs,have fructified in the practical revolutionarythers, who stand over the mangled andThis is producing its natural result in the South, where t h e people, impelled b y the in-from th e fine o l d Boston gentlemanof the facts embodied in toe Compendium, a slaves can support themselves by fanning and,•andwhoisnotopposed growntosuchanenormousextent Orders theking,shallbesquarelyandevenlybalanced HouseofRepresentatives;oneofthemfathe theydonotpossessthedesiretowork,and ef theslaveryquestion, ia fit which have hitherto beensent heretoanim- withthegolden rule? Whatcompanywillin- unanimous choice of the whole republican hencetheyarestarvingand dyingoff ofeon- tobeSpeaker. Variousgentlemenexplainedthe menseamount,forthesupplyofSouthernmar- surethefineoldBostongentlemanagainstthat partyforSpeaker;andHelper'sbookfatheir sumptionandotherdiseases, while herding risk? Not we. programme for toe coming campaign. together in miserable masses, and that they do Helperinformsusthatthefirsteditionofbit notpossessthecapacitytoworkinaclimate But they are philanthropists, these corpo- " Impending Crisis ef the South" appeared wholly unsuited to them; and to which it itwhich this substitute wasMr.HaatinaskedaquestionofMir. kets,arenowreducedorentirelywithheld.Soto which Mr. Horace F. Clark keenly is the effect of this unnatural disturb-reply. Mr. Haskin made ance of trade upon Northern interests foreseen rators of Lawrence. Vary likely they give a about June, 1867. The North was net, how- cruelty to exile them.of order. Soon the some ro- Jh&t the manufecturers of Conaeotieat havetheirmet,and grantdealtohomeandforeignmissions.With- ever,fullyripe,atthattime,fortakingitupIwiselyresolvedtomeetatMeriden,inthat outdoubttheysincerelysympathizewithtoe asablackrepublicanprofessionoffaith.Bven to the area and main aisle State, to taka into consideration the true rela- negro who picks, In Alabama, toe cotton which toe bloody organs of republicanism in toeItfaremarkable,also,thatwhileMr.Georgeceiled on, and he ap- •A \J L+O \J a MA W^*t/ (•••*•• Jj/ V a-a SSIV^O« ^aaA*U V\f mmA W*r ^*»^M X W ^ peared with his matte demanding peace, f i e sion to the popular sentiment thereon. In thisBrown, of Toronto, endeavors to deny, while Mr. John Cochrane of Mew York, they are the be actually admits, toe statements of the most vapid, inane, spiritless productions thathave ever been uttered in the Capitol. Any State Legislature could do as well; some,possible excitement prorated. S a b -Mr.Clemens said that hesaw arewatchingwithanxietythecourseofthisHKRALD, the colored gentleman who edtie theAnglo-African in New York, and whose office is withinthreeorfourdoorsoftheunderground muchbetter.city our soundest and most sagacious bankers Mr. Hasina tale a pistol out of his breast. interruption to trade by political agitation,One feature in these debatet fa that the scep- tre o f oratory seems t o have departed alto- gether from Tirginia. The Old Dominion has no more Henrys, Randolphs o r Wirte. I t h a s only its Pryor, which fa something of a descent. Pryor having nearly killed several journals— toe Union and States, of Washington -end finished off ( a horrid case e f infanticide) t h e Richmond South altogether, tirrna u p in theBat little of importance occurred te the Legisla-ture yesterday. Ia the Senate a report was madein favor of amending the statutes in relation to that State, can only add to these forebodingsrent Thisineffect,ftissaid,sustainstheposition ofevil. WhenevertheSouth,stimulatedby curbedbylegislativeenactments Well,we beardofin1858asapartytextbook,until tothenewbodyof1860,atwhosehands,we beencompelledtoresignhisconnectionwithlabor many hours at scanty pay in an insecurebuilding, and free to b e orushed to death atlast! That i t free white labor from n State Tribune and their incendiarist auxiliaries mightstreet point of view.House as the representative of the Virginia chivalry. H e had made, as we have seen, a thorough breakdown ia journalism, havingcleaning; the Totkers railroad, to run through ,Mwasfinallyds> andteadvancingrapidly.The securebuildingsinNewYork,andaverylarge certainty," on*thepartofGovernorMorgan, our principal streets:thewideningofNassau that ail pettooaa on the subject ahoald be re- conservative feeling in the conv number of unsafe steam boilers hissing beneath Thuriow Weed, Horace Greeley, and other street—a most corrupt and impudent concep- ferred to the hUtor committee. Among the bum mercial central States is already aroused, and the feet cf our citizens as they pursue their Sewardite leaders, who contributed money to tion: toe illegal sale of the Brooklyn ferryo aemmnte the sentence of Manfive hundred thousand voters who for yearsdaily avocations. In the matter o f the boil-circulate it, and on the part of the members ofCongrest who endorsedit, that it would secure, leasee a gross outrage upon the public ofers,toeCommon Council, webelieve,hatAmong those introduced was occasion to oast their votes against this abo- passed an ordinance appointing an Inspector; as they expressed it, a republican triumph intoImposeapenaltyoncarrying havenotgonetoUrnpollswillgoontoefirstem onetopaytheStatedebtbyataxuponarticlesof litionincendiarism,andilltavoroftheconsti- butthemanhasnotyakbeenselected,and thecomingyear. , ingandtfiaeingttreeta,lestabliahingunneces-repeal part of the act creating the Contracting ^"-••aseVahvVaplosion.man, onhis Helper endorsement, will only add by abolishing the, pre- to the eTflateasnt and insure the ultimatebeen followed, as abolitionists anticipated,by clerks of the committees.It will be seen that all these dangers to which a stampede of several thousand slaves from In almost all these cases a flagrant violationwe have alluded menace mora particularly the Virginia and Maryland, civil war, and the of the charter was contemplated, by givingfrom political opponents.we tarn to tiw opposition benches,weahall find things in even* worse condition than theyareonthedemocraticside ofthe House. The leading members of toe republican party have endeavored to preserve utterandlaboring classes, who are generally unfriended, "rape, Are and slaughters" which Gerrit SmithOca ACCOTNT or ran Fcarrrva living from hand to mouth, andfightingthe foretold, Helper's book would have been bids on the contract, which tfanThenewsisunimportant Baateeaswith StavxaxxCANADA.—Theinterestingaccountof battleoflifeuponemptystomachs, .flruly, heraldedtothecountryatprophetic Itfail- torexpresslyproMrmloymeatforourcruiserson beingoopkdextensivelyinvariousjournals mother might succeed inan actionfor ancewiththelawsoftheStatewhichtheylc«k-Jiffipartieswhoareinterested inthe againstthembytheotheraide. Thesecharge* Xfrom'themwill havebeen ofthegravest character,andtoe**,*i» ofAidpa v^« lAAUsmaaa^^sw W^sp^n •^Bapjaai^BnFW^BeBk w^p • « •throughout thecountry,andwilldoubtlessdo much to open the efat of the philanthropists ton Mills;, but who would go security Jar the black republican party, especially in the nijjgf*tite showed that theundergroundrailroad.W edevtl c a n fight a wealthy corporation t T h e operative looks, then, to the journalist a* histhe victims of the shysters anddamagesagainsttheproprietorsofthePember- violated. Asaconsequence,theleadersofthe costs preliminary t o the result: What poor J cal position of things at Washington, havenew boards at with fact that they have not been repelled i t takentheir comfortable nomas In the South, and dumped, if w e may una thein the cold regions ofmometer is often below zero, isand deceit They shroud themselves with a only friend. And the journalist should accept silent disavowal of the C.most miserable toMtheyaretefta n d deplorable. We showedremember the component parte ef thetostarveand neTteh|» • oti-Corporation, U fa may seem a somewhat boldcheerfully the championship thus him. Thepressshouldspecial laws, as in the coseoft>* enacted fur the lnsuxanw o f>ofthotheir employes againstMbuilt** faUa, t^Jaotfa prime/•- of culpabiHty on the parfaf the fcfal proceedings, for the rfUef of*dbecommencedm tojntnTi mnpsmpeose. w s t H f l f i fwithout commuting themsel faopenly,assumetheairsofWhen charged with advocacj' of itsSenate, U A specimen o f this rfagrs. Sewnrd,perhaps,willen.>itil» ia like manner, until Itreut&insnonetooleas traffic in such wise withfoctfenfotheNorth;theyconfess,bytheir silence, to the guilty knowledge of some of tbeir leaders In the John Brown raid; and they rtion; b u t I t i t nevertheless lamentably acknowledge that their party teaches sedition,toatatUwrence.Further,eonsetenee,originallysen contained in the " Cant aver-the whole land.aaM^Beher ofxtelper-swork, in this city^•ewav m, Maun* WW w^a»«i» **ssa* j ^*PBjew*WM uav^sns»|ij ^^nas*What may we expect eftitedfy? "I•nan named Burdick. He supplies the Ifijg^be]PfatriciAttorneytobringtojusticet*S|trade,andtoedemandistogreatforthebookmultiply the labors jotingali kinds of Illegal contracts Ind jobavupou the city; for itcannot b e supposed that toey willper ore Dulse. nave badwho takes away toe life of one other, waile the slaughterer of hundreds goes t n t m ^ b d ofthat nearly all of the booksellers in New Yorktoeir marble toArtv'Untitled Documentstrenuous efforts axehe dies shall have a lying torab-Local republican leaders 8'i J".'"in^;W ii ' 1 1 1 —' -' ^'"'«^ljg«!r';y^V»'iT'' '' * !wfT1-ljjjMili««»!Uj!ftWM«!>0'» ? Ittfli%.u,gTMjf)iWof confidence, of "divulging % Somewhere i n Celffo^mn^Presidential election theof tideNew York, whose profrietonprobably at about election time, the purloiningemploye says that he became honest, andback to Mr. Brown toe amount he had robbedbun of. "Every assertion," he concludes hisletter, "and insinuation that hat been madeheretofore,ormaybemadehereafter,nomat-ter by what authority, nor by whom circulated,in any manner or degree conflicting with whatI have said above, is founded in a spiritojsheer falsehood andimalignity, and can neveneighborhoods of the &»tt>jH every device fa resorted to in order to evade the vigilance o f the Justly incensed masses o fthe South' b e t not vfaitmg the North,at yean, ami toe hotel ktiptei to feel i t severely; and those from whom the hotels purchased toear risions are also suffering from the resulfa ef ifiitation which fa t o asnterialLv afEsnatear the interests of commerce and eraty other ta-compton was beginning to bud into a mostpromising clap-trap, out of which Seward, thegrind political capital. So 1857 passed away Here we may be met with the old plan that without much apparent attention having beenhave a government—a federal and a State gov- about the time of the fall elections, and after doubt not, they will receive the most scrupu- ernment— an extensive and costly machine, its atrocious principles had been broadly out- lous attention. It will b e seen that varioustempted to consummate, without success, and the gentlemanly vice of avarice can only be excited by the Compendium. Neither was it which have been left as an infamous heirloomof the anti rent party. Notice was given of a bill the reckless proceedings of abolition fanatics, authorizing new railroads te Mew York city.Among the bills introduced was one for reco- resolutely enters upon the policy of fosteringveringdamagesfarthedestructionofthe localindustry,avastchangewillbecom-Quarantine. Among the resolutions offered was menced in the condition of things in the North,one to have toe School laws codified. In These results are all beingJsastened by the year we have at manyastwo or three thousand ancesof the republicans hadbecome threadbare, contracts for street cleaning, and other jobs,the Assembly a large number of petitions were reckless determination ef top republican mi- new laws about one thing and another. But and the fictions of previous years exploded, were on the tapis in the last Common Council amongthemonefor11,000,000in aid norityinCongresstoelectShnrmanontherule the moment that anytotisproposedtopro- and then it wanthat thesixtyeight Repre- forassistingwhichourcensdentiouslegislators ofteeBasgwehaaaaBaflroad,whichMr.Conk- orruinpolicy. Theylookonlytothepresent videagainsttheoccurrenceofsuchmamaores sentativeHonorablesexplicitly,andamultitude weretoreceive,ordidreoeive,ahandsomeseveral journals just in time to nave their liven,and b e immediately tamed his attention tostatesmanship,andatapreparatoryatepen-tered Congress. Now, any man of mediocreability will answer for Congress, and aVfcmuch easier to be a distinguished stateemaethananablejournalist; toagreatmany goodlined in Senator Seward's Rochester speech ofpense of many millions per annum. Every that year. In 1859, however, all other appli- roads, opening, widening and repairing etreefa.whichwework,orwhichworksus,atanex-schemes,suchastheconstructionofcityrail-naturedpeoplehadhopesofPryor:thoughtbe ling arged ahoald be referred to the Waya political triumph, without reflecting that it as tiiat at Lawrence, capital comes in, buys more of Honorables and non Honorables impli- qnid pro quo for their services—in one cane,it fa might turn out well, and make a mark in theand Means CimmHI11 After detti, Mwsra, must andin theirownruin. TheNorthwill Legislatures like so much merchandise;and citly, determinedtore-usheritintotheworld, said, thedivisionofthesnugsumof$40,000. House. Buttheresult oihis maideneffort*[* Muliken.Bushand atdecidedlyrejecttheincendiaryandagrarian there'stheendofalLWeneednotgotoLaw- astoegreatcampaignmasterpiecefortheAmongtheprincipaljobslaidoutweretoere- toefieldoforatoryhasbeenasdfaastrousatcropbadnotyetopened. Theheathof tintconditionoftoefugitiveslavesranoffby they have thecivillawtoresortto. Thelaw ed, however, igaominiously. The murderer ments,weundertten£wavebeen madeby the complete silence upon the main questionswas •*•*. dtoreswl cargoes of Africans the underground railroad into Canada, which fa open to everybody, and so is the Fifth and horse thief, with his associate ruffians, suf- present Ccj^moja4KoWl to take up and push of the debate, and there have been no adequatelanded,end cor correspondent appeared in the Hnwaxn a few days ago,is Avenue Hotel. Perhaps a bereaved father or fered the penalty of their crimes, in accord- through ajformoatoftheseschemes,,anddoubt- replies to the charges that have been madeto their usual stronghold o f snbterfugeers, the lobbyites have a more pliable elementto work open, now, inasmuch at the presentCommon Council It mote degraded than the to stir up insurrection in the South and diaaf-last, and Hi members ttffl tees tfhrtwttofeel compelled to have copies of i t The orders sumptuous- from the Eastern and Western States areim-"littie <»n»dl topping oafca urn PPfer followers t o purchase 'It, a n di ^ teTSXttowera adhere and pre towlPncemcnOP .MISKGAn- time past we have^FP^U*h..«..lajwl•tinsjlraIt is not altogether surprising that "this un-ambiguousdeclarationoffacte,"asHelpercalls diatingit,whiletherepublicancommittee,watering places at i chief sustenance fromal contest which fa impending.is resorted to by the official heads of them order to elect Seward, or some one o f kidney, to fte Preeideecy, of seemingly repu-I* in that season have been heretofore at regularlian'lW.Gooeh, PhilemonBHss, O B Matteaoa, reallyadmitsthemostimportantofthemtobe therehasbeennothingbutdebate—long,windy,EdwardDodd,RobertB.Halt,remainsoftheirkindred? Whoshallpay allprofessto"feelconfident,"asfastatedon buggedphilanthropiststotheirownuse,maybothcities;andsundryotherprojectsofopenjobt ofpublic work withoutMgenoe,reepeetabfittyorhonei^. WheWtrue, for the voters at the last election wasted nil their energise** ftp ten or three leading omcee, contrary to our repeated advice to look to the candidates for Aldermen andman, andat<*reUft*Jrthenomineesof shop' and pugilistic elements of the comprise the Common Council for I860.Coating intotbefiell fresh intheirbunt after e»oifa,|tie unnenupulpns body of ignorant whlcJtthe anuufahed Infamy of toe bm*i jtot at aU-on ton contrary eneb^ H pntoeUii,(to»Indivnlu^ONran Nxw Tonxthe Northb e t tfidl'if fihe ydfthiliae«their truth.treasonable publications, of books calculatedgeneral activity andvauThey confess to the circulation of';*nap* -www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.sal jiaiiajiit sjfcl iW3»,«^C4 ** ^ • .»w*Uii*.uav w 