 .v_SEWS.R&FBLrrioars. - Secretary »fi*- l^comptoa nittee to-day, of the Presi- a r r v d o u t the s privy to i u :ts with evi- h-.oh is acce*- rv animation,itncases wko e^roceefcUng*!t>o their fttH matters, GOT., i<i iir^onai ex-to this affair i' much, mora immigration. te« have aa wo* witneM^t, i>rr before th© u»ked to print r'that it mayrsu where hi* »d to-morrow, inade for car- oii.te, Every sntr* of naem-,i the check* to save the c*igtx of COT.>n. lstrumentalitywas brought Attorney-Gen- rf the charge*, during t h e to the effect ituted on binto he made'te Ways and trough. * Two-one rawing c-rit, and the ton of Ohio,The bin in & House fromamendments , d. t h e «ubrfti- inds. ^exi "in L second «ub- >eces*arily b e **••- the main on* modifica-' rmaiion. The $ the tariff ofno chance in•X'-ited m u c h ntt, and wu e appeared te on Ways andWEW@RM mm i«i0?f®?%nf .vm-»rILater from Slavana.U day on the pressed with ::ssion of orer &JQthe Hou«e / t by 5 major-; exceptions,gr much di£5- H*8 who have ;er, and shall [tars con tin-,- La day j by in speeches,a means of &ue urged, a te quorum. *r witnessedc*ption*^)tIie bill at evsery" t to effect rte *»*eeninthele's decision;m trujtt, nn'jdepstandinj In eonse- Douglas'a7e's will meet bill. I t is tees on thi* will reportlies, as I an-, to defeating House will bis, purpoaaopinenis . &fcay 9, I860, my' Expresi : itt.tba dis- y horses hadTniles-to find the Exprea* •vp wsw io«d«iot have been »been stolen*v ay 9, I860!/ill to change' rthe Interior\ i :up the r e t *re to make aJenator from 1"right. A. Slidell/ w*m d also iiapli-13th of Jnoa;on rrar debt 1/ the origin< be charge* t that a great nt ry In this v. onnt. Uei1iewas no* He had and never ...•jx and hi*plov of the Overland Mail Company, and three me living at Mountain Passat were murdered by. the Ccj munches. 'Tl-.e day before the stage passed there, the Indianh<iritaids of "Union, who are already here, and capable of furnishing a remedy for distempers under which the coiMitryissufl'cring.- [Applansc.]'Bhe once proitu and invincible Democracy whichhome. ''••'.'•_The Chair announced that the delegation from Texas ad just arrived, and was waiting at the door.The delegates entered, and were received with three .cheers..Gen. Coombs begged leave to introduce the Chair- man of the Texas delegation—the man with the hair on his face and head. He had sworn twelve years ago not to have his beard nor his hair cut till Henry Clay was elected President. [Laughter and applause/]Mr. Switzler of Missouri said his State wanted no platform, but would-be satisfied with a proper candi-Erasfus Brooks of "New-York did not propose to dis- cuss the merits of candidates, or of a platform. He thought the allusions made this afternoon premature and unfortunate. Speaking for the seventy delegatesh *satisfied with this. Tariff bill. - ' ! Il Toth Associated Tress.John S. Little of Pennsylvania advocated the passage to discuss the rule to show cause why attachment ioned men thronged the sides, gazing anx;iously aridof Mr. Shippen's resolution. ;He thought tliatull had should not issue against the Common Councils of Pitts-J bad ample time to make up their minds since the move- burgh, on the ground that the ordinance making the persistently toward the Ian.?. *ment originated. Who wanted to know anything tax levy paspod that couneil. The Court postponed ac- With heads uncovered, ani'with blne-zoata and widemore of the Hon. John!Bell? [Great applause J. tion till the 20th, to give both Councils an opportunity trowers, they presenteda strmge and pfcturesc/ne as-' Mr. Gogghi of Virgiiiia moved that the Hon. John J. to concur in the ordinance.Crittenden be invited] to take a seat on the platform. pect. iOccasionally a costume of brighter hue? gleamed Carried by applause. [-\„ among the soberer garments, shovring that officers of••I II' •«••» -/ /| :The Baltimore Convention8pccl«l^"ipatohTotheN.Y.Tribune, H5 THE JAPANESE EMBASSY.friends was dander. He read a short sketch of the take property rmd gfye it ^ ^ y , it strikes at the1(and preposterous to seek to divide those whom God hadjoined together. We were one people,andone country;- and the people -.will yet prove equal to thommt mOregonandWashington.Mr. FITCH (Dem,, Ind.) said at some future day hojnoNxw-OnxxANS,Tuesday,May8,1860. Tlie steamer Coatzacoalcos, from Havana 6th insft,wouldhavesomethingtosayonthissubject.On motion of Mr. W A 0 E (Rep., Ohio) the Home- vote they ever cast. What is thore honest and trupful1 SALTIMORE,Wednesday,May9,1860. .. destinythatisgiventhem. Heconcludedbyexpress-Th6 proceedings of the Convention have thus far ing ile.wish that no disturbing element would come in brings Vera Cruz dates of tho 1st. Tho Constitu-J\. .DEPARTURE FOR IlAMPTOtf R<?AD». ia » a homestead bill, when it is not.l>fD as one ef compromise, and therefore opposed Mr.•©rimes's amendment as likel&to defeat the measure.^The Democratic Senators would not support a pure nois, He asked to postpone till some other time. lw>n«e«tfcfld bill, giving away lands without anv rcmii- 1Jiroceedmgs for an 'inrjunction will take place before fudge Curtis at.Boston.Louisiana Politics.NEW-ORLEANS, Tuesday, May 8,1860. The mass meeting held here to-day to denounce theing Govenoaent dispatches for Flag-oScer McCluney. During, the last four or five uAni of hef course ther frigate was acwompame^? by these grafts, one of whicfay the sloop, made*various «2deavor»;to arrest' her pro-: grese.hy running before the bows and firing smallaeration; but when'a sufficient sum is charged to cov- er the actual expenses of the Government, it was pol- jfcy to dispose ol the public lands and encourage theireetilemcnt.Mr. WIGFALL (Dem., Texas) discussed the natureOf the form of government under which we live -quoting from The l?ederali*l, and showing what pow er» belong to the States and what to the General Gov ennnent. He contended that the latter had no proper jurisdiction over the public lauds, but they belonged: to the State*.Mr. GRIMES advocated the amendment:Mr. GREEN (Dem., Mo.) replied to Mr. Grimes, and in the course of his remarks alluded to the fact that the people of Iow» were unable to pay their taxes, and htm to emigrate to Mi*»*ouri.Mr. HARLAN (Rep., Iowa)—Will the Senator State the amount of the debt of Missouri and the debtmiIowa? %Mr. GREEN—Missouri has a large debt and a largeMr. DOUGLAS said rather than have the Senile fo on at this late hour, he would waive his right :piSenator ba*>got!any Missouri bonds and will present them to me, I will pav them if the State don't.Mr. MONTGOMERY (Dem., Pa.)replied, the com7 paratively few men who advocated free trade are n >t members of the Democratic party, for every De) i-came here thev had a more important work than the Presidency. They had to organize a great national; party, and when it triumphed he wanted it to do so• , +J.—,. Mysterious B>eath.TOLEDO, Ohio, Wednesday, May 9, 1860. The l>ody of a woman named Eliza Rohiiison^ form- erly of Rochester, New-York, wan found in the riverTkoinsnlt to the State of Missouri, or to the Senator. Mr. GREEN—Then he understood the fact to be that the State did pay the interest by extraordinary exertions, and vet anks the question whether it wasMr. GARNETT(Deni., Va.), who spoke of Virgin1 a tobacco needing no protection. The proposed taxllo protect iron and coal was an electioneering trick to buy Pennsylvania votes in advance.of the Chicagofrom (the galleries.At noon, the Convention was called to order by JohnJ. Crittenden, whose appearance was. greeted with loud'and prolonged cheering. '"••••'.;Prayer was offered by the Rev. Dr. James McCabe". Ml*. TJrittcnden. moved that Washington Hunt of Now-Yor.k take the chair, which-was. unanimouslyapproved,Mr. HunLjpn tidcing the chair, said:GKNTLEM EN : I iind myself most unexpectedly calledwere involved in the contest between the two existing parties, i They differed as to whether Congress had power to legislate hi regard to Slavery in the Territo- ries. [Hisses.] He was not going into this subject.[Laughter.] What he meant was, that this Union party should ignore this disturbing issue. Therefore, before they nominate, they should plant themselves on a platform of constitutional principles. [Applause.]Mr. Coombs was so thoroughly impressed with the importance of a Platform that Jib "had prepared three for the Democratic Republican and Constitutional Union parties. For the harmonious Democracy he Avould present the Virginia resolutions of 1798-9, with0 _: JFire in Oswego.OSWEGO, Wednesday, May 9, 1860.A fire, at 2 o'clock this morning, destroyed three dwellings and most of the contents. The principal two were occupied by C. B. Redfield of Albany. .His losspaid. I am ashamed of such a question in the Senate Committee.of the Mr. ment.United States. W I L K I N S O NadvocatedMr.Grimes'samend-Mr. KELLOGG replied if Mr. Garnett was as arij> ior.8 to develop the mineral wealth of Virginia as 1 e (Kellogg) was the ^industrial interests»of the Pratt cMr. MASON said if it was proposed to give away State, there would be no difference between them, jthe lands, the Government might discriminate who The original bill 'as reported from the Committee >f should be tlie recipient**; but if it was proposed to sell. Ways and Means having been read through, • ai dis about $5,000; insured for $4,300 in Albany. Mrs. mentary expression of disappointmcint, declared muchGrant, boarding-house keeper, lawyer Perry, and oth- satisfaction with their destination. Having had many er occupants lost jail; no insurance. Capt. Hunter is .them it was unfair to give the privilege of purchase to Some -and with bold it from others.Mr. PUGH (Dem., Ohio) spoke in opposition to the amendment, thinking if it were persisted in, it mustdestroy the bill.Jdr. FITCH (Dem., Ind.), although in favor of theamended,Mr. FOSTER (Rep., Me.) offered an additional se >tion, that the President give notice to the Governme.it of Great Britain of the wish of the United States oUTon to preside over the preliminary proceedings ofth^s Convention. It is a^call which I do not feel at two resolutions on Slavery-—one to keep it out of theinsured: for $800.PUBLICMEETINGS,dazzling expectations raised as to thje wonders and de- lights of New-York, they acknowledged some regret at the unlooked-for abandonment of its cbarais; but on. finding that they were to be straightway .brought be- fore the head of the Government, their Comixraure re-This was amendment on that appeal, would fpel compelled to "Mr. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa.) proposed his subs uish*d recollections and kindles feelings and a sentiment flict" philanthropists he proposed the Blue Laws of of l patriotic hope. It carries the-mind back to those Connecticut, with two modifications, in regard to kiss-; This Board held a meeting yesterday afternoon, turned. L, .|when the usual number of houses in need of cleansing ! Their special desire all along has been to avoid anywere reported. George Ellis was appointed a patrol- publicity until after their formal recognition by the man. The Controller has expressed his willingness to^vote against it.The question was taken and the amendment rejected~-Y eaa27, Nays '28.Mr. FITCH Mubmitted an amendment extending thepreeent bounty land system to soldiers who have served let's than fourteen days. If we are going to give away the public lands to everybody, let us provide for the eoldiers firxt.Mr. H A R L A N should vote against all amendments, although lie preferred- the House bill, for he was satis- fied that it could not become a law this session. _ .The amendment was rejected—Yeas 17, Nays 35.Mr. GREEN said as the Senate, by-a very large majority, had refused to give soldiers what thev pro- posed to give everybody, he would move to lav the bill on the table. Not agreed to—Yeas 16, Nays 40.Mr. W A D E moved to substitute the House bill for the Senate bill. This, as has been already said, was only a graduation bill. Not agreed t o - ^ e a s 26, Nays 3LMr. CLARK (Rep. N. H.) moved to strike out the eleventh section, relating to the cession of those lands Remaining unm>ld for thirty-five years to the States vhere thev are situated.Meear*. >UGH, DA VIS, MASON (Dem., Va»), and C L A Y (Dem.. Ala.) opposed that amondment, and it was rejected—Yeas 7, Nays 48.Mr. Kl<*K (Dem., Minn.) moved to amend the same B»otion, by substitutingfive years instead of thirty-five. 2?ot carried.Mr. CL A Y nwved to amend, by making it twenty- five years.After some debate, Mr. nAMM0>NE\ moved to ad- 3onrn. Not agreed to.3Ir. CLAY uKtf&fied hisamendment, makingthe time tMrty years. "* -The question was taken, and the amendment adopted, Tens, &\ n«vs, 26.The diseuwiort was continued on various amend- prepared themselves for a fight, but the,red skins were ments, und several motions to adjourn were successivelyvoted down. , , too wary; and it did not become necessary to fire uponAt 6 o'clock. Mr. HAMMOND (Dem., S. C.) moved that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to request the fUtendanceof the members. Not agreed to.Mr. RICE offered an amendment, extending the operation of the bill to lands not subject to private entry, which was adopted.Me^r*. PUGH, LANE, JOHNSON (Ark.), and other*. oppo»ed the bill in the present, form, although favoring the bill as reported from the Committee.Mr. LANE moved to postpone the bill till the first Monday m June, and have the amendments printed, so that Senators can understand it.Mr. WADE said there must be an end of all things, tmd he hoped this bill would be finished to-night.Mr. SL1DKLL suggested a postponement till 3 o'clock to-morrow. Not carried.Several dilatory motions intervened, which were epeedilv voted down by the friends of the bin.Mr. "BROWN (Dem., Miss.) suggested that they finish the bill, except,the amendment of the Senatorthem. . | .J Col. Fonntleroy had started on a tour to select a pit<|for Fort Butler.M;tj. Ruff had been ordered, with five companies olpossible to detect in the darkness.'In stature they were generally a little below thofromMinnesota,andthenreporttotheSenate. If muchofthetimeoftheConference.ThatpetitionwasTHE MYSTERIOUS MURDER OF MRS. ADA RICHARD- ill at San Francisco, and left behind to be reconductedso$.—Atthemeetingofthg,BoardofChosenFree- home.Theseseventy-oneweresolivelyintheir holders of Hudson County, yesterday afternoon, Mr. movements, and so excessively omnipresent, that theirnot, he was willing to sit' till morning dawned. He •wa* not afraid to say that he was in favor of giving land to the landless.finally referred to a 'Special Committee of ono from each Delegation. A petition was presented^ from the North Ohio Conference asking for a change of the rule, so that a majority may determine how the congrega-as interpreted by'its judicial authorities. -J.Whatever they did should be dune decently and in James F. Fielder offered u resolution, which' was numbers seemed multipliod at least seven times, AtAt 7 o'clock Mr. HAMMOND renewed his motionto adjourn. Rejected—Yeas, 17; Nays, 29. Several tion shall be seated, and another from the "Pittsburgh:i-hnractcr, the patriotism, and the intelligence of theadopted, offering an additional reward of $200 for the every turn, and iu every comer, a Japanese appealed - arrest and conviction of the murderer or murderers of —always smiling blandly, and making a sort of c'2ortjjenators present refused to vote.While the vote was being taken on Mr. Hammond'smotionlo adjourn, eleven Senators were in tbe cloakxoom, and did not vote. Before the vote was declared,Mr. TRUMBULL (Rep., 111.) said he wished it to"be understood that it was agreed to-day that this sub- iect should be taken up and should-be continued beforeConference asking for a restoration of the old rule, re-quiring the men and women of congregations to sitapart. The number of petitions to-day in favor of acbangd, of the rule-on Slavery Was }79, and against Inloderation, which perva<:lcd in the early days of the Democracy literally denounced their own forgery. In anv change 15. k-Re luhlic, will inspire this council to-day. I trust that* New-York the Republicans had two classes; one con-the woman found at the York-street dock, and identi- .fied as Mrs. Ada Richardson, the "fa»t woman."mto indicate good fellowship in some mute manner.A few words in English would put him iu th'V&est 'possible humor, v\'hich he would manifest in..vfew*he BenaU; until finally di»iK>»ed of; but now, with a rangement of the Order of Discipline, reported thatto <-nltivatc sentiments of affection and mutual good- will, that we may-all feel, both North and South, that wej belong to one family of freemen [applause]; thatiwiejaro resolved to discharge all duties which appertain to' our Constitution as citizens of a free and independ- ent republic, not fearing the power of men, but trust- ing to tho overriding providence of God to crown our ettorts with?his blessings. [Immense applause].On motion of Leslie Coombs, a Committee on Perma- nent Organization was appointed, and also on Creden- tials. _ •Jul the States except South Carolina and Oregon arerejresented.1}he Comniittcc on Organization have retired. The Convention has taken a recess till i o'clock."The Convention reassembled at 4 p. m., when the Committee on Permanent. Organization reported the fOl owing list of Officers:majority here present, gentlemen refuse to answer to tbelr namen. Let it be known to the country that such is the fact. .Mr. GREEN (Dem., Mo.) asked that .his name be •withdrawn, as there was not a*quorum voting.-Mr. TRUMBULL objected, and asked foe the en- forcement of the rule of the Senate, that required mem- JMT* to vote if present. ""Mr. GREEN at«ked for a vote on the question of •withdrawing his vote.T h e C H A l R decided gentlemen must vote if present.Several gentlemen caxne forward and voted, and the vote WHHdeclared—Yeas 7, Nay* 29.The bill was reported to the benate.Mr. GREEN said he woudl say this, and intended to ' act ripon it—if it was intended to pass this bill, right or '•wrong, be should vote against it; but if simply to out it in the best shape possible, he might vote for it. >iOt ai Senator on the floor could make it appear that this •was a Homestead bill; and when thevsay so they arethey .had examined the plan of'Dr. Osborn. It in- cludes a division of the Discipline into parts, chapters, sections, and paragraphs, but without changing any of the language.The Committee offer a resolution that the Book Com- mittee'be directed to arrange tlfie contents of the next edition of the Discipline in accordance with following J)lan: 1. Doctrine. 2. Government. 3. Ritual.: 4.benevolent Institutions. 5. Temporal Economy.' A motion to lay it on the table aud print it for informa- tion, prevailed. »"''"'-"'-•"•''The Committee on the Book Concern reported] ad- versely to the memorial asking pecuniary assistance for the Missions in Germany, and recommending tho trans- fer of tho papers to the Committee on Missions. Re- port adopted.The Committee on Correspondence was instructed to inquire into the expediency of* sending a delegate to• the-General Assembly of tho Old School Presbyterians, which assembles atRochester next week. The Com-BOARD OF CHOSEN FREEHOLDERS—ORGANIZA TION-. acts as their "guide, philosopher, and friettd,-' an- —The Board of Chosen, Freeholders for'Hudson County w«tJying to their constituents and defrauding the men mittee on Law Questions was instructed to-give an 'whom they represent. A homestead cannot he created1 he chair aimounced that the Connpittee would meet A resolution was adopted to raiwo $25,000 for county "purposes; refoin the Embassy.hy this Government, and not a single Senator dare suotexi such a thing. If such be the case, what in the name of Heaven is the nse of talking about » homestead? [3Ir. G. stopped a long time.] 1 make a long pause, because Awant a reply. Will the gentleman from Mississippi (3Ir. Brown; or the gentlemanfromTennessee.(Mr.Johnson),oranyothertaie, dare to* assert that we can make a homestead m the sense in which they wish to pnt this forth to the country? It is an infamous attempt to deceive the•public. They dare not assert it is a homestead. If they dare not do it, then they Stand convicted as mfa- jaous panderersto a vitiated, but what tbey consider toprohibits the holding as well as the buying and sellingof slaves. The Committee on Revivals was instructedto inquire into the expediency of making each annualConference, except Oregon -and California, hereafter JO H. Stuart of Virginia, -R.-'W. Thompson of Indmna, The Reported Indian Massacrefoundationofgovernment. IknowIamtalking purpose—I know fr shall b^. voted down; but wpen gentlemengivethatvote,i't.wv'l bethemostinfamousatead bin was taken up. , , . in taking my property away and giving it-to some poor, been harmonious. The; Houston men! desired a. the wtfy of their harmony. | He trusted they would not tional Government rejects the proposed mediation.Mr. GRIMES (Rep;, Iowa) moved to extend the infamous scoundrel ? Do it if you dare. I defy ,rou. he much embarrassed in the construction of a platform Miramon's party is defeated on all sides, and his money the Japaneee Embassadors and their attendants, ar-proviftionft of the bill to-all single persons over twenty- I will'suyto the American people what yon have di>ne; ballot to-night. They are more numerous than They slioirld not attempt tc settle the question of Pop- is exhausted. Carvajal is organizing an expedition to rived last evening below this port, and anchored offOne years of age, as well as heads of families, and ad- and, so help me God! you will stand condemned bsfore the supporters of any other candidate. ular "Soverefgnty, or theotl^er issueB, which excited so'VOeated that amendment. .' ; • heaven, betore God, and the earth. Yes, yon have, pt much debate in Congress. (He wanted to leave each attack Puelda. It. is reported that Minister iMcLane Sandy Hook, whence she will depart this morning at.. Mr. GREEN (Dem., Mo.) felt very much inclined to tmpport the bill in its present form, not because it was m homestead MB, but because it was not a homestead *>ill. It now merely proposes to reduce the price of the public lands from one dollar and a quarter to a Suarter of a dollar an acre, provided they be occupied ve years. Lands cai be bought for that now under the present Jaw, and any man unable to pay for lands tmder the graduation laws is mint to own land. But •don't attempt to deceive the7public by representing thisthe power to do it. Do it! Do it! Do it! Yon Aof e . Mr. Bell is second, and the contest between State free and independent as to its own internal af- goes into the interior for an interview with, Miramon. sunrise for Hampton Roada, according to the mstrnc*my property away as a bonus to the lazzaroni—to..tl ose them is animated. I' .'• °\ faii-s. fGreat applause.] -Me hoped the time would Gahriac, the French Minister, has been recalled. -• infamous scroundrels who dare not work for a living— come when the peo'pJe wowld not send representativesbecause you want their votes. Doit! You may jret Mr. McLean will have some votesi hut all idea to Congress to hurf inyeclive and insult against tho their votes, but they will split upon you after you nave of nominating him or any one else with reference other sections. He againjnyokedmoderationand har-Injunction Granted.toballotfoi-acandidateforPresident. iniunctionwasgrantedagainstthedefendantsproduc- Edward Shijmen of Pennsylvania offered a subatitntc ing the " Octoroon," together with judgment of $1,000board of which we»e certahi prompt and eager joixr^ai-' Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Ark.), defended the present postpone. * J between Messrs. Bell and Hottston; so' is the the'Convention proceed to ballk; and drop; each* candi- Miss Kimberly has brought a suit against Mrs. ists, and %y a smaR sloop from the Kavy-Yatd, carry-*got them! . ' ! Mr. JOHNSON (Ark.) appealed to the other side ofto Chicago is dropped. Two:thirdsoftheNew-York delegationareforCLEvatAKi), Wednesday, May 9, 1860. In the United States District Court yesterday, in themerous surrounding vessels, the. circumstances of herthechamber-not'toforce'avoteon thecontested amendments |-.|Fromthe*momentofhercominginsight,!ehetra*closely attended l>y the pilot-boot Qeorgo Sfseeraj> oxxMri Houston. They are for Mr. Everett for Vice-off in this way. He was-opposed to any motion to President. The Pennsylvania delegation isjdivided that each State nominate a candidate fcr President, and and costs. • ... ./Mr. W ADE—Homestead bills have always been rtutMr. BROWN appealed for an adjournment. He Soti[th generally. Kentucky beijng unanimous for date having the smallest niimIi'er of rotes orr each Barrow, W. Chirk Washington,, and others, and thesaid to-morrow was set aside for the Senator from Illi-Houston, it is predicted that ho will be nominated at ap early stage of the balloting to-morrow.ballot till a result is reached.Mr. Randolph of New-Jeisey moved th^t the Hon.Lewis Condict of New-Jersey ber made ai?honorary.No]body i's for Botts"—the attempt to bring him Vice-President. Carried byj acclamation.Mr.- Harris of Missouri said he desired an opportunity Mr. GREEN—I object. You (to Mr. Douglas) sh(ill forward-having utterly failed. to confer with the delegations of tha various States,londay next.theprotcction of this Government. • j' The House resolved itself into Committee on 1 ieability to pav it, becaui»e her citizens pay their taxes.Mr.'WILKINSON (Rep., Minn.)—Does she pay salt free, was rejected. • j tickets of admission. Delegates from every State ex- delegates to consult together; Between the nain'98 ofS. H. Spalding. ' The appearance of the frigate "*yiw animated in the BosToif, .Wednesday,. May 9r I860.ffcc interest on her bond* 1Mr. GREEN—She does. Are you answered ?Mr. WILKINSON—I am very glad to hear it.The Atlas and BCA of jthis morning states that a fu- highest degree, aud the unusuaF hustle and'activity 'terminate the Reciprocity Treaty of 1854. rejected.lil erty to refuse, yet, I regret that some other namehes not been proposed. The proud and animating spec-ta ;le presented here on this occasion revives the, cher-Territories, and ono to forco Slavery into them, to be adopted under the previous question, and no questions asked afterward. Second, For the " irrepressible con-';•THE POLICE COMMISSIONERS.tute for the bill, saying it was a compromise on whi< h all could stand, and most likely it could pass >tl e Senate. rf-days of blessed memory, when the fathers of the coun- ing wives on Sunday and burning witches, it(beingPresident at Washington; and they assured the officers of the Roanoke of their entire willihgnens to undergo the three additional days of voyage for the sake of sat- ' isfying this inclination.The arrival, soon after, of fuller and more defimte letters from the sloop—which also sent on board a1Nor- folk pilot—that no time might be lostfin reaching | thatCalifornia Overland ITIail.against the officer, not. before the Court where the al-leged perjury was committed, but before the Commis-sioners of Police. Mr. Pettee, his partner, and a clerkin their employ, testified that they did not remember the visits of Commodore Perry and Lord Elgin to saying or hearing anything of the kind said in relation Japan are acquainted- This Moryama, a person evi-to the iron. This case being closed, a second case was dently of great consideration, although, riot of the opened, when James Castle, testified that while passingthrough Madison street one day he saw Huff very highest rank, is as modest and quiei in naein as if theSrRINGFIKLD, Mo., Wednesday, May i), 1860. The Overland Mail coach, with Lieut. CogsweU. S. A.; Dr. J. P. Beck; H. B. Palmer, and Mr. aiiilMrs. Arnold, as passengers, and San Francisco datl 3 byj iio partisan influences, for in. times like these the10$ o'clock, p. w.—The friends of Messrs. Bell and find out who was the best mau'to put forward secession movement a$ the Charleston Convention, re- cannon, but unavaflingly. \ -•_••,. . jhave to-morrow.At ten minutes past eight the Senate adjourned.Mr... Houston, whose supporters are somewhat We should appoint a^jCommittce to prepare a certainMr. DUNN (Rep., Ind.) asked,'but did not obtli ijn alarmed at the Platform Committee having unani declaration of principles, toserve as a basza^rpon whfc'i T!i£ ^Pittsburgh Conncils and theThe speed of the Roanoke v«w such Aat she coiildr- not-be boarded until* after reaching her j •uncborage,.'•whioh she did about'half-past seven o'clock. For some time provious, however, the appearance'and movements of those on deck were icle'arlyjdfecernible^ Crdwds 0/ strangely at^red' and !;fhado\vV-CompIfex-vHOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.;lcave, to introduce a resolution instructing the Cc n-mittee on Foreign Affairs to inquire into the practi ilbilityfand expediency of obtaining a location on so iepart of this continent or the adjacent islands, for l ie form] It is expected that the Convention will bo colonization of free negroes of the United States, una era great and permanent party could he established. There were immense [responsibilities resting upon u», and we should act with! deliberation and car*.-Supreme Court oF Pennsylvania.HAnRrsr.uno, Pa^ Wednesday, May 9, 1860.A motion was made in the Supreme Court yesterdayHe w::nfed time for intercourse, and th'stefore thOTight solved to-regard as enemies all who attempt to produce and McLean are encouraged by diversions from the proposition to proceed to a ballot was premature: a separation Of the States.inousjy agreed toreport "the Union, the Constitit tion and the Enforcement of the Laws " as a platMr. V ALLANDIGHAM'S amendment fixing theduty at twenty per centum on flaxseed and linseea w isagreed to after a long struggle, commencing yostordayand ending to day, by a vote of 71 to 51. • j strangers are in town, and the headquarters of the H. G. Pendleton of] Ohio was satisfied that thoy Escape of Another Fugitive by the higher Japanese rank shared the general" curiosity.BAi.TrMonK, Wednesday, May 9,.I860. The city presents an animated appearance; manyMr. PHELPS'S (Dem., Mo.) amendment to mace /delegations arc thronged. There is a great rush for would act more harmoniously if time was afforded the• During nn incidental debate on the-amendments, J| r'. Fillmore and Bell it was difficult to choose. HeMILLSON (Dem. Va.) said, if there was one test! of cept Oregon and South Carolina have reported them- moved an amendment, that a Committee of one from gitive slave named Nome, belonging to tbe estate of gave evidence of unwonted excitement on bjoai'i.Democracy superior to another it was opposition tt ii •selvei!—some in 'advance of their arrival, expecting each State be appointed, to whom each delegation m- Thomas Dixon of Georgia, smuggled himself to .BostonToward 8 o'clock, the boat of thajGeorge!Steers rail alongside. ItB passengers carried a brief communica- tion, anticipating that sent by the «lb'op, directing the Flag-Officer not to enter the port, btitHo make prepar- ations for an immediate return to Hhmpton Roads. This document was forthwith conveyed to the Com- 'Mr. GREEN]—Have you got any of her bonds? I system of taxation for the protection of the manufi c? to reach here to-day. The hall presents a gay appear- dieate its preferences, so as to secure unity of action;. in the steamer S. R. Spalding, and at once left fordon't mean to answer impertinent questions, but if the 'taring interests.ance. The galleries are festooned with red, white and blue; the best gallery is appropriated to the ladies.Fred..W4 Grayson .'Pennsylvania tlought when he Canada. '"'•".'.Mr. WILKINSON"—I don't intend to ask imperti-nent qnextions, but I nnderstoo^I thut Missouri was in ocratic President from Jefferson Jo Buchanan, has be< n much enthusiasm was manifested as the 'delegations upon principles. He could not agree to take any man, ' • •debt, and when, the interest accrued on her bonds, in favor of discriminating in/favor of protection. I •he was obliged to issue new bonds and sell them to Mr. KELLOGG (Rep.,'111.) made some brief| >-meet the interest on the bonds outstanding. I meant marks in favor ofprotection, which drew out il •appeared and-occupied the seats allotted to them. no matter what his antecedents, who did not standfairly on the platform of recognized principles. The to-day. She is supposed to have drowned herself dur- modore, upon whom it produced ap e;!ect which Jfr.1By noon tho galleries wore ^densely packed, andVarious distinguished men were warmly applauded interpretation and meaning of the Constitution ing a"temporary aberration of mind.Secretary Toucey would probably not hr.ye been, oyer- joy"«^ to witness.T^e indignation of the commanding oCTcer, so sooa as the news diffused itself, was warmly seconded by everybody on board, excepting the pirties nze«t directly concerned, the Japanese themselves,; who, after a mo-pay all bills received in , the prosecution of sanitary The CHAIRMAN said thisvSubstitute was notin es t blish the foundations broad and deep of a political and only the old witches burned. [Great laughter.] matters. I ,order, as two others—those of Mr. Houston and M •• Morrill—were the only ones that could now be.ente •- tained.Mr. BARKSDALE proposed to revive the act ;<Jf( 1846.Mr. SHERMAN proposed that the Committee of tt Whole on the State of the Union be discharged from the further consideration of the bill, which shall be is ported to the House, and that a yote.shall be first taken on all the substitutes.try assembled in council to form; a perfect Union, and \mder&tood that all the pretty wives might be kissed, sy -o em which should preserve fore ver Amerieauliberty, For the Constitutional Union' party ho -proposed thePrevious to the* meeting of the Board, Mr. BOWKT? commenced the trial of Policeman Huff of the Seventh Ward, on charge of perjury and drunkenness, preferred by several citizens of said Ward. There was a large attendance of spectators. Officer Huff, it appears, had been detailed by Capt. Cameron to report violations ofMr. BRANCH objected. A t 7-1 o'clock adjourned.•. -IUpon the trial. Huff testified that Pctteeand his . The Japanese, observing that something unexpected partners had acknowledged that the iron was theirs.u r i m , and independence. [Applause.] The spirit wli ch animated thorn will inspire us on this occasion, tha .it will be our object aud aim to strengthen the in- stil itions which'we received from their hands and' to strengthen that feeling of union and fraternity which constitutes us one people, and without which, Union would he impossible. [Applause.]' »\re have come together on this occasion from all pa:- Mof our widely extended country; from North and Soiith, from East,"and from West,"to deliberate and t a l e counsel together for the common good of the whole country. Weliavc come on a mission of peace, to strengthen the chains of union, and to revive the spirit Of i.atioualailecLion in the land, and to proclaim that wo are and ever intend to be one, bound together by coi mon ties. [Applause.] We are brought togetherConstitution as it is and the Union now and forever. [Great applause.]Mr. Brcssler of Pennsylvania moved an amendment to the amendment that the individual delegates of the different delegations be allowed a hand in the nomina- tions. If a majority of the delegation control the pre- sentation of names," the minority'would not be heard.the 'Corporation ordinances. Pet'tee' 6t Co., among, city, augmented the displeasure of the Roanoke's offi- others, were complained of, for permitting a lot of oldiron to remain in the street fronting their establishment. cers, but, as no alternative was open, orders wereMr. Swan of Maryland seconded the views of the last speaker.. If the question.of the platform was The California news Was anticipated by thePon| Thjiy are too fleeting and too contemptible, I. trust, to bpenea there was much to be said. lie wanted no Express. . ' % . v . i imifede the action of a free people in preserving their ;bther -jdatform in Maryland than the Constitution and Bv this arrival AVChave news fi-om the frontiers •& f rjgjjtand freedom. [Applause.]. Let us know no the la-vrs. He should repudiate all platforms but tbe Texas, obtained from Lieut. Cogswell and Dr. Beck aray but. our country, and no platform but Union. Constitution. They were here to repudiate nltraism of both the North and South;. When we disregard that, and.when,we repudiate the decisions, of the Su- preme Court, then it was time to break up and goto the 20th of April, arrived here at 4 p. m. interest of parly and the schemes of personal ambition, r bee <>me utterly insignificant and worthless. [Applause.]They report tho Indians very troublesome in th|i }drunk. • * .Two witnesses were introduced on the defense who testified to meeting Huff shortly after the time thatCastle alleged that he met him, and that the officer was then perfectly sober.- There being no further evidence, this case was also closed and the decision reserved.COMMISSIONERS OF EMIGRATION.The Cc-mmishionerb of Emigration met at 2| o'clock yesterday afternoon, at Castle Garden, a full Board in attendance, and Mr, VJ;UPI.ANCK, the President, iu thechair. . ~NMr. VERPLANCK inquired how much money wasA letter was received from Dr. Gnnh, the Health- what jdarker, although a few exceptions showed that Oflicer, renewing his claim for $1,200, for the rent of a there are among the Japauese complexions as fair as building hired by him after the hurning of the Quaran-vicinity of Mustang Pass and between Mountain PawApplause.J.. It has "long been apparent, and of latestation*and Phantom Hill. A blacksmith in the cm' this'country ftt- the. present. hiomen^ unless it be thestopped at Mustang-Pond and committed sundry do haSwielded tho powers of the Government for many predations upon the whites. The scout from this'stagj; years, ban been rent in twain by the fell spirit of sec-saw some bands of Indians at the latter place, lookint tional discord, and has run aground upon the shoalsstraw), and with uncovered headsJ Their hair was drawn up in two long bandH to the tops of their heads, and was there confined by'a singular contrivance ofwith eager eyes toward the coach, and the passengenanc breakers of Popular Sovereignty and TerritorialGo 'eminent. [Applause] T fear it is beyond the po^'erofany surgical or medical skill. I think thereisjino sorce'iy or witchcraft left by which the politicalcuu Ldron can be made again to produce Chat harmonyof <j ohesion which we once s:iw in the ranks of the date."owing' to counties for supplies furnished and caregiven to emigrants passing through and remaihing inthem. The answer was, that on the lut of January wood or horn, the exact nature of which-it was not there was due $19,100, which sum it was believed hadnow increased to $25,000. The President suggestedthat the amount of indebtedness should be canceledforthwith, but no action was taken in the matter.De nocratic party. - [Applause.] We have another riflea, to take the field immediately against the Kiowa| par tiy, which proposes mainly to deal with this sameC. H. Hopkins of Georgia would suggest a platformin one word; one on which three millions of peoplecould standj and that was Houston of Texas, the heroof San Jacmto. [Applause;1 He was the man forthe crisis, and one whose life furnished a platform. tine buildings. "The communication was laid on the those of Caucassians. There countenances were'full He wanted a military hero, as in 1840 and 1848.and Comanches. His depot was at l?'ort Butler } were out inthe/vicihitvPresident', W\\suINCTON Tit;NT.opinion as to whether the discipline, as it now stands, mVitccv-r'Prefidenfit, One each from.n ineteen States', in-Lunatic Asylum—Jtmie* StevenBon, Hiram Davis, and JamesH. Dewey. day, and proceeds tbh* evening toT^\^hington, whence, Ferries— George Vreeland, William Hartung, and Charles after completing certain arran gcnicnts for tho recep*Iaixton.Library—James H. Dowoy, E. 'Duncan, and Jaines Lynch. tion of the foreigners, he will g0 j on to Norfolk! a»dresponsible for the expenses of their respective delega- tions to the General Conference.Theattendanceofspecti&orshasbeenlargerto-day than upon any previous day, and-"the proceedings, as they assume* importance, are becoming more inter- esting.Seizure of an Alleged Slaver.an 1J. Scott Harrison'bf Ohio. \lsO eleven Secretaries.!theannouncement'ofthenameswasreceivedwithap ilause^and the, nominations'were confirmed by accla-mi.tion.Jvlr. Hunt addressed tho Convention as followsTo be called'upon to preside over such an afisem-bla.gc was an honor for which he returned his profoundJNV al m> o nthe 24th of April. • On an shoring, the Powhatan salutedtheflagofCommodore Montgomery, there stationed, with 13 guns, and was ,W 8 w e r e d w i t h a ^ g ^BOSTON, Wednesday, May 9, i860.fat public sentiment. I undertake to say there is no such The brig M. W. Dodge, from Sierra Leone, March heir kindness to-day, and would .discharge the: dutiesF. Stockton, with a party of five ladies aud three servants. Louis Gassier and Madame Gassier, the fa- vorite opera singers, also sailed in the Africa, to fulfill engagements at London. • . • ;.„ . .On the morning of'the 20th the Embassadors landed,andwere lormal i , J y r e c e v o d b y t h o U u i t o d S t a t c g C o nsAU,the State authorities, and the foreign Consuls.public sentiment, though they conceive it to be so. I 28, reports that the brig George W.' Jones of Salem,, to |the best of his ability. Ho was satisfied ,that«all*ay public sentiment is honest, but poor. Corrupt, was seized on the 15th of February, on Rio, Pajigo, prupent recognized the necessity of order and decorum,froken-down politicians, are ready to catch at every River, by the British frigate Arrogant, as a slaver. ah!1that this Convention would illustrate that gentle-atraw to save them from that infamy to which they are She was half loaded with hides and*ground nuts. Her, men could yet come together and discuss public affairsconsigned by their nature,and by their progress down- papers were shown tothe Lieutenant seizing her, who witih mutual forbearance and self-respect, and tho Con"wurd. If the people want land, they can get it now. pronounced them fraudulent. The British Commo- ve ition contained representatives Irom the two secIhey immediately entered the train for Aspiuwall/ The Republicans of the Thirteenth Assembly District where thev, a r r iyed in a few hours, stopping on the have organized a club on the baais of the Philadelphia T[a? u ^ Sr'11 Pablo for an entertainment prepared for J/hitform', and resolved to support the nominees of the them by the Railroad Company. They at once ew-Hut here you propose to give it without stmt and un- der circumstances which wiUwake this Government an cncourageT of laziness and want- of thrift. Yes, says toy friend from Mississippi (Mr. Brown), land for the landless, and homes for the homeless, i- there a man laodle** in Mississippi that is worthy of having land I Js there a man homeless in Mississippi worthy of ha vdore sent the brig back alter seeing her papers. ., *Steamer Aground at Toronto.; The Charter election came off yesterday, resulting in Chicago Convention. Varkcd j n the Roanoke. Their voyage has been the complete triumph- of the Democracy. Mr. Fair-ing a home 1 But when you undertake to give land to remains fast aground, after repeated attempts to'go the h»*>dUrn, who do yon attempt to take it from ? It her off. '•'•SAVANNAH, "Wednesday, May 9, I860- coljUd unite, lie advocated forbearance^ r^odoration ! The Federal Court Grand Jury has found true bdlaIs my land and your land, and you simply take my land and give it to a worthless scoundrel who never earned a dollar in bis life, and never will.2 say this, and I say it for my great-grand-chBdrea te see that when a Government undertakes to day. Lose f60,000j mostly intttu-euU;imd harmony. ;Differences no doubt existed, and they oxisted at thefoundation of the Government; but did ' ot prevent the it•against Charles A. L. Lamar, Carey W*. Stiles, J. Mott Middleton, and Wm.Hbne, for the rescue of Capt. Farnum from the county jail. : • \ . : .-'£•ticjns which hud differed upon certain points of public popicy. There were those hi both sections of the couii- try who,would make discord a system, but there "vyore ihase from both portions of the country, and they 'wereashore early this morning outside of tho harbor, and: the consideration of a general question upon v^hichi allmarV^d by no event of importance; and their healta—The wife of a clergyman in. South Staffordshire, mid. apirite are as firm as when they loft their home*. England, recently committed suicide by swallcwiagTORONTO, C.W., Wednesday, May 9, 186UThe Steamer Bay State, of tho American lino, ran; hole to-day, who wanted to bring back the pe^plo toThe Wanderer Case, &c.prussic acid. She had become addicted to thetraeof stimulants, principally laudanum, and the fatal act waa done while in a state of temporary iuBftnity resulting from this habit. 1—The Pennsylvania delegation to Chicago will meetA FINK RUN FROM Ia>-xRrooi.—The oUpper ship Dreadnaught Capt. Samuels, arrived last night fre«n Liverpool, after a splendid run of 19 days, having4e& Liverpool Apil 20. She brings 600 pas&engera, a foil and valuable cargo, together with some valuable steek,Fire in flfew-Orleana.NKW-OKLKANS, Wednesday, May 9, 1860.founders of the Republic from -forming a Union. - There Was a large ana enthusiastic meeting to-night at Pittsburgh on Friday. They would like to meet the tho proportyof M. Caughay, esq., of Balthaoro,pw,Ten buildings in the Second District wore bumod to-Tiers was no reason why these, differences should to approve the course of tfie Southern delegates at Eastern delegate* at the eajne place,' estrange the people of the two sections. It was' vain Charleston.' i;|)ec|>mc too painfully evident, that we have no party insill jeet of Pojiular Sovereignty and management of tho Tei ritories, and the. question i* presented to"us as a greit and pertinent issue of "the day whether Sla t'cry shrfll be extended ' where the WinterIff. 3C. General Conference. ; ten ])erature is many degrees \ below zero, andSeveral ranging companies " of Jack borough.EIGHTH DAY.' BUFFALO, Wednesday, May 9, I860. Bishop Simpson in the chair.The Jim business in order was tho selection of tho Court of Appeals, after which the routine business was resumed. A petition was presented in relation to the administration of the discipline in tho Gcnessee Conference. Considerable discussion ensued upon the proper reference of this petition. It is understood to relate to the subject of.Nazariteism, a question of con- siderable importance, which is expected to occupywh ue, 1 will venture to say, no slave owner could be fad iced. to emigrate and settle; and while we are <|al ed upon to discuss the miserable abstraction, and <mt Jr into the Presidential election upon it, nothing is s ated, nothing proposed in regard to the great func- tioi s and duties of the General Government, which concerns tho pcoplo of the United States at large. "vY'l ile a portion of our people are straining their ener- gic< to decide paiticulai' issues, they seem to forget the rigltts, the honor;and the welfare of the whole country. Illh ive said ours is a mission of peax-e; he it our task to irevLvethenationalspiritofconcord,whichtheConsti- tntion was made to secure. Very solemn and import- ant responsibilities rest upon this Convention. From.tlie character of tbowe whom 1 see present—from theorder. He urged the apointment of a General Com- picepie, I am sure that tno deliberations of this Con- mittee to receive all expressions of opinion and make avention will liave an important influence.in aidingand report, which he believed would be unanimous. The protecting our country from that to which I have people of the country are heart-sick and bead-sick ofThe weekly statement gives the number of emigrants seemed to belong to all alike. Of the most eminentarrived during the past week,"a*s5,277, making the totalarrivals since the 1st of January at 19,055. The num- dignitaries, only stray glimpses' were attainable, theseirlfsrre'd. ' I hope that the spirit of forbearance and what are called party platforms.- At'Charleston thoMr. J. T. Mitchell, from the Committee on tho Ar- I it will be the first! and foremost desire in every heartservative, who favored tho Fugitive Slave law, and addressed themselves to merchants and the manu- facturing classes, and another class who preached the"higher law in the rural districts. He concluded by a motion that tbe rules of the House of Representatives bo.adopted as far as they were applicable lor the gov- ernment of the Convention.All the pending resolutions were adopted^Mr. Brooks then moved the appointment of a com- mittee of one from each State to prepare business for the Convention, to whom all resolutions be referred*for officers of the Jersey City Firo liepurtmviit, which took pluco on Tuesday night, resulted as follows: Chief Eugincer, Samuel A.French. AhMntauth—Flint Wurd, John D. Noland; Second "Ward, John Hearty; Third Ward, Smith Mead: Fourth Ward, Patrick Nugent. Fire Commissioner, Bernaad McGuigan.all of which, sentiments of perfect reciprocit? -,wepe established on every side. They'showedagoedd/^I of concern when Capt. Taylor, who ha« l^euv.ith. them ever since their departure from Yeddc,.and who»•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069. , ' • * '»''.'Alabama, A. T. Alexander; Connecticut, Auutiti Baldwin;'Delaware, Chas. T. Culler; Georgia, tho Hon. Joshua Hill'; ken Standard.ch! ding Marshall P . Wilder of Massachusetts, Fred. A. at 8 p . m.,nt" the Eutaw House. Adjourned till 10A resolution was also adopted authorizing tho Bufldlug Com- mittee to advertise for proposals for the labor of tbe county pris- oners in. tbe County Work-House, and the use of tho machinery therein contained.FOR EUROPE.—The steamer Africa sailed for iuiver- - poolyesterday,takingoutonehundredandsixtypas-sengers, among whom aro tho-Rev. John D. Jenkins,D,D., of Philadelphia, Mr. Joseph Daynoat, the Bel-rT« llmadge of New-York, Peter I. Clark of New-Jer- set JosephR. Ingersoll of dPennsylyaniaj Alexandera. m. to-morrow.1 Discredited., LEAVENWORTH,Tuesday,May8,1860. The report from Denver City in regard to the massa- cre of Green 6c Russell's party, on- Smoky Hill Fork, is not credited iu this city. Russell's party, which numbered thirty-four men, were. well armed and pro- visioned. It is thought they could not have yet reached the Indian country, as Mr. Russell expected to take fifty days for the trip. Mr. Russell and party were employed by the Council of this city to explore the above route to the gold regions, and left on the 3d ofApril. "• .' • ' • •• • ' ;Election in Atcliisoi*, K. T.»m mi A TCHISON, Tuesday, May 8,1860.The journey of the Japanc ee }) a s o e e n ^ tljoroughly comfortable as could ha\ ,e o e e n expect^. j»j,6Y reached Panama, in the P h . the morning o'fblinks. He felt!that ho had received a double shareofUntitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.comMr. Watson of Mississippi advocated going into anomination" to-morrow at 10 a. m. Massachusetts hadbeen so abused in his State that he was prepared to. fined the offending parties. morning. look up<m Massachusetts men as ministers. He had,however] hunted them up, and found them as gloriousand noble a set of men as lived. He thought we hadbetter pDstpoue a nomination, and give an opportunityto interchange views; then we would be able to makea harmonious nomination, and one that would com-mand success.County Hoard of JSxamitiert for Public School*—William B. and who should report to-morrow at 10 o'clock. Mabone, and William L. DieKison:Adopted.The committee was then mimed, as follows:Cottvsel to the Board—J. W . Scndder."/ County Physician—Dr. William,,llornblower.' Official Paper*—American Standard, Jc7*e\rsey City and ilobo-Intliona, the lion. R. W. ThonipHOii; Illinois, John Wilson; Standing Committees—Public Building*—James F. Fielder Kentucky, C. T. Bumbam; Now-Hmapuhire, S. O. Wise; Maine, Hiram W. Davis, and George Vrceland.Geo. E. B. JnckHun ;' Mus«achu.M<'ttH, A. S. Lewis; Maryland, Geo. A. ?crree; Minnesota, T. G. Barnctt; Mississippi, John \V. C. Watsou; Missouri, Thos. A. Harris; New-York, Erastus Brooks; New-Jersey, James J. Randolph; North Carolina, tho Hon. R. S. Donuell; Ohio, the Hon. N.G. Pendleson; Pennsyl- vania, tho Hon. Joseph R. Ingersoll; Texas, A. B. Norton; Tennessee,tha Hon. Baylie Peyton; Vermont, John Whlzler; Yir^iaia, Robert E. Scott; Arkansas, M. S. Kenuard.Work-Hou»e and Jail—Dnmiing Duer, James Stevenson, and Ellicton Duncan. '] child was chosen Mayor, Mr. Weightman, Recorder; Mr. Adams, Treasurer; and Mr. Howell, Engineer.2.,ti nr T.I 6\tion* of the Secretary of the Navy. The Roanoke ap- peared-off the Hook at six o'clock, and during her ap- proach was regarded with extreme interest by the nu-mony, • ' 'Charles Lathirop of Pctmsylvania moved to proceed ease of Kimberly agt. Weaver and others, a perpetual vaimon being sufficiently well understood by all, [ ",The complaint was tried in a civil court, and the Judge given out that the'frigate should set sail at sunriee this!This• they denied and preferred a charge of perjurybad occurred, sought information, which was given to them ' through their chief interpreter, Moryama, with whose name and important functions all who know oftable. . ' of intelligence, and an expression of great amiability.her of inmates in the Institution at present, is 719. The gentlemen being secure iii the seclusion of their state- from New-York, he desired to say he wanted no plat- overdraft,.danuarv 1, was $11,653 16; the balance is rooms, chance-opening doors of which revealed themform but the Constitution as- interpreted by tho consti-tuted authorities. He trusted they would take suchaction, that b'ereafter neither the extremists of rlieNorth or South would be permitted to administer thegovernment. Jt is wise to learn by experience to bejust and tolerant toward each other. Experienceshowed that party platforms were invented to deceivethepeople;towearonefaceattheNorth,andanotherat the South. The true platform was the Constitutionabout $24-518 53."NEW-JERSEYunder undergoing the comforting process of shavingand having their feet washed.ITEMS. There are seventy-one Japanese 011 board tho Roan-oke, one of the original delegation, having been taken.,:- FIRE DEPARTMENT ELECTION.—The annual election responsive syllables of Japanese, by the interchwjge ofyesterday, and organized-by electing the following officers for the ensuing year:JJircetor—Abraham W. Duryea.Clerk—Garret V'unHorn. .Covnly Collector—-Edward W. Kingslrrad.nounced his intention of going on shore. Tbrjjy were tranqmlized, however, by the assurance of. his reap-, pearanpe at Hampton Roads. •.", Captain Taylor and two officers of t) rs-Roanoko,, fataddition to the before mentioned jou,rj jwdfata* came-«j&to the city last evening in the Georg p Steers, whosecaptain, in spite of a bitter roughr ^ of. weather*which reduced everybody to a state ' ifdilution whollyincompatible with naval or n e w s ^ p e r dignity, sac-ceeded hi landing his passengers at the Buttery, \ Kttle Finance—A. J. Fitch, Cbarles lAixton, and James Lynch. before midnight. Captain Taylor r^aine in'towu to-gian Consul at New-Orleans, and Commodore Robert. the Lancaster gave t h e Embassadors a salute .of 17 guns/ARRIVAL .OF THE EOAXOKZ.Tho United States steam frigate Roanoke^ hearing'entire mean6 ofcommunication between representatives of two great nations were not chiefly under his control. Altogether, so far as we were able to discover in asomewhat hurried inspection, the appearance of our Japanese visitors was most agreeable and prepossess- ing. They were mostly dressed in loose blue coats and wide trousers, white stockings ajnd leather slippers;• (these last undoubtedly supplied tljom nn i>o<k<-<l tho ship, as their foot covering when at home is made ofaverage of our own people, and in complexion some-chased fxon the £arl ofSeftoa.  