 1ii. "'inm -I,MMamWHOLE NO. ^867.•-—MIR U m \ i TROUBLES. *^*sa»<MMsafen<W»a»*»f%v*y*^M»^M»*-—,*£MORNING EDITION-TUESDAY. MCEMBER 18, 1860.they proceeded to ballot for Presioent. Mr. Jamison was The attempt in the House to adjourn over for the holi- The anUaajvery proviso win be inserted in each bin, but •«ef of Wm. H. DeGroot, which was referred to the Com-PRICE TWO CENTS.of our political enemies can do it. I knew our courtsfeelthemselvesboundtoadministerthe tows just as they andthem. Letmesaytogentlemen ofthe Senateontheotherside,whereyouhavelostonestoveby the unfaithfulness of legislative tribunals, we have and tenmenmurderedbyyourmobsagainstlaw leaanottake upaSouthernpaper hat Iread of men who travel for business,butyouwaituponthembysameromntlllinOrgatihation o fiIUOUR>afflffT TO«»»a*«*w'*«'N**tS%S»n^Slt h eSoothMr.IVEBSON,(oppAofGa.,explainedthattheobcigreat subject and a most important matter God knows nue Hotel w as significant for several reasons;—First in organising the Territories, tome of which are at pre- was to pay the claims against the Mexican governtn tut and tell them to return. And what to the causer W h y ,Ac. Ac. Ac.THE SOITB fUKM-l^i COWETTIOi.#rft*nli«rion oflite Coaveatloa, a a d Sab- •eqwent AdjearBrarnt to Charleston A t Accoamt of thePrevalence of Smallpox at Columbia—Inauguration o f Governor Pickens, «««., ate.OCR CBASUSSTON DESPATCH. CHARLESTON. Dec. 17, I860.Preparations are in progress to receive the members of the Convention, which has adjourned to meet here at tour o'clock to-morrow afternoon.the last twenty years, and represented his native Statein the national capital falling info the hands of NorthernersIt to thought the ordinance of secession will be passed compromising States rights man. An anecdote is relatedand aggressive government? N o such thing a s that, Mr. WADE said be understood the Senator to say so. ant sir. We might suppose that eighty-four years ago, when he understood the grievance to be that the Chief Mag-.sen Wednesday or Thursday. There will be illuminations and great public rejoicings when the act is consummated.Tae Convention will meet in Institute Hail, now called Secession Hall.of him as having occurred during the nullification excite-ment, which, as it is particularly illustrative of his cha-racter, deserves to be told here. At a meeting the re-mark was made that the occasion was one that might ex-cite fears and apprehension, when Colonel Pickens is al- and it must %ievitably result in bloodshed. Then the leged to bave replied as follows:—had a long ses-the leaders of that glorious Revolution met in Philadel-phia, there to draw up a bill of indictment against aweak king and his ministers, they had been at • losswhat they would setforth as the cause of their complaints.But they had no difficulty insetting them forth, and sothat great article of impeachment will go down to pos- Mr. WADE—It is of no great consequence what the terity to justify them for all they did. L et us. then,8<nator paid. I my that Mr. Lincoln s character, from his youth up, has been such that you have no right to draw any inference that he will trespass on thoThe reports o fforts a r e utterlybeen erected in the neighborhood. The general disposi- tion bf the people U to exhaust negotiation? before mak'ffg any movement to obtain possession of the forts forcibly.Some days ago the commanding officer at Fort Sumter inquired of the laborers latel; brought from Baltimore, if they would defend the place in case of attack They answered unanimously that they came to work, not to fight, and rather than oppose t b s South the., would Im- mediately return to Baltimore.FKOCKE1HSGS Or AlK CONVENTION. COLPWBXA. 8. C Dec. 17,18o0.A heavy and almost c b c r i g tig bang- like a pail over Columbia, creating a general gloom.intended demons rations against false. N o batteries o f any sortt h e haveNorth would assume a protectorate over Mexico and Cen- tral America, and colonize them with free blacks.suppose the old patriots had been the ministers of thecrown, or members of the British Parliament of thedominant party that had ruled Great Britain for thirtyyears previous. Instead of dignifying what they did as right of any man. and if you harbor any other suppos.-The smallpox panic is intense among citizens and personal sacrifice appeared too great for him. and when strangers. Many members of the L#g..-lature hare &one Congress offered to pay the expenses he had incurred inthe cause of his country he refused to ace pt anything A strong effort will be made to-day to adjourn the in the way of compensation or otherwise. Col. Pickens.the father of the present Governor of South Carolina, had Legislature and Convention to Charleston. If not, then a command in the war of 1812, but was never engaged inthe Convention will probably promptly pass an ordinance active service.Some of the extreme Southern men consider this proposi have oictated the policy of the government. Is it not Mr. POWELLwanted the Senator to answer his questionhome.concede, a s they preferred t h e summary kidknappingstyle at present provided for in the Fugitive Slave law undoubtedly prevails in a .portion of our country?for Mr. POWELLsaid he despaired of getting on answer heof secession, and adjourn to-day.The Convention assembled at noon. General Jamison period of ten years his native State in the national legisMr. POWELL said he had a resolution to offer.Mr. WADE declined to give way to be catechised . nywae >a-3|*>rary chairmanThe call is Bow progressing for the delegates from thedistricts and parishes to enroll their names.A written invitation from the Legislature to the Con-vention to participate at the inauguration of Governoratlature: but he lias occupied other exalted public positions of cenadeaos and trust. Presides* Polk tendered him the past of Minister to the Court of S t James, which he de- clined; and he also declined an appointment from Presi dent Tyler as Miuister to the French Court. He accepted. however , t h e important post o f Minister to the Court of St. Petersburg, where his courteous, frank and manlyo save the Union. pjeferaMe.Spauldlng's glue would be abundantlywhere these outrages preva;! wore a foreign government,and if they were really authorized by the constitutedauthorities, everybody knows, if it were the strongest go-Mr. Wins—1 have shown that tbe dominant part;' have nothing to complain of in point of legislation. The republican party in tbe North, and tn Ohio in particu- lar, hold the same opinion, so far as I know, with retwo o'clock, was laid on the table till the Convention bearing won him the esteem and respect of every one.vernment in the world, we would declare war in one day.But what bits caused this great excitement? I will tell gard to this peculiar institution that is held ly a.! c:v .-epidemic here. It also prevails at Camden. A general said to his faithful old servant;—gress, the Declaration of Independence and Washington'sFarewell ^Address; and, it to believed, would have endorsed the Ten Commandments bad not a large number slaves—a position that in not more than two or threePresident.ex Senator Chesnui, 17; ex Speaker Orr,32: Mr. Jamison. M, with some few scattering.On the fourth ballot Mr. Jamison received U S votes; ex-Speaker Orr, 90; scattering, 3Russia, Tom, you can go, but It appears to me you wouldthe latter accidentally so.A resolution was agreed upon informally, that Illinois isin favor of the Constitution and the Union, and that the lat- ter must and shall be preserved.Another meeting will be called, when an effort will be made to have a full delegation present, including Senatorscomplaint, which Northern men have set forth as a griev- ance more than any one else.Mr. MASON said "that he said the repeal of those laws would furnish no satisfaction to the Southern States.Mr.WADE^—1understoodthegentlemantosayhedid not know as they had been injured by them. These laws were not intended to excite the South, or to put them in any position of degredation, as the Senator sup- poses. These laws against kidnapping are as old a s t h e common law itself. I believe the State of Virginia has one to-day as stringent in its provisions as any of those ofStates would jeer at their timidity in the present crisis. sad that the moral powcref the present movement would be affected in other sympathising States if w e a ijourne' to Charleston.•H RDCSPaTCHESFROfflWASHHGTOii.to work, and the prospect of something acceptable to the country has improved.Caleb Cusliing, whose presonoe was requested in Wash-ington, w a s inmorning.never do cither the one or the other, tf I know it. But I have already said those gentlemen who make these complaints have for a long series of years had this government In their own hands. I may say these gentlemen who have raised upon this floor their bill of indictment against us, have been the leaders of theon which we won our victory, you would grudgingly and hesitatingly be Ratified.Mr. IVERSONsaid be wished the Senator would real h.s speech before he quoted so much from it. He had not said they would be satisfied with any such thing.Mr. WADE read from Mr. Iverson's speech reported in the Globe, that he eujiposed there would be no overt net on the part of Mr. Lincoln, but the power of the govern- ment would be so executed against slavery that it would not last ten years, and continued;—Then you are not1 g ing to wait for any overt act, but are going to proceed upon tbe suspicion that probably lie might. 1have dis- avowed any intention on tbe part of the republican partyOthers engaged tn the discussion pro and con.The motion to adjourn to Charleston wasfinallycarried more decided, and more compact, general, and revolu-heard.) , „ Mr.WADS—Never mind; let them cheertheFugitiveSlave law if thev please.Mr. MASONsaid he should insist on order if the indigni-ties to the Senate did not cease.Mr. WADE—Ibis would be a poor remedy for a free manter;whetherInhisopinionthenumberwassufficientto lastingslavery anddoesanymanwhohasaregard you have no constitutional right to complain, defend those forts against any attack or domestic vio- for the sovereign rights of tbe States rise here when we all disavow any Intention so to make seeby a large majority.Resolutions were adapted inviting the Commissioner*from Alabama and Mississippi to seats on thefloor,and also that they address the Convention to-nigh* at seven o'clock.Amotion wasmade to inviteBon. HowellCobb toa seat on the BOOT. Some members objected and thought it wouki be expressing coapiomeotary term* to Mr. Obbb that were not accredited to the CanmussioneM.tionary if possible, than heretofore.The speech will produce vehement excitement in tbein humble circumstances to be taken under tbe provision of this bill ts be carried where? Where he came from.i a seatprevailedwith a fewmost dinVuity Wade was restrained from making a moreWhiletheretobatonetank*fuaongrepublicansin of tbe speech, there to bat ana among the South-.Wade represents the honest feeling of the North. Thegrowing opinion is that the North should speak out firstwhatitmeans—shouldwitholdnothing,,hotpresentbold-ly sad manfully, yet kindly, the realposition they intendtoassumeintheeventofsecessionbyoneormoreStatesfrom the Union. Senator Wade's reference to the recordof his father, who gallantly fought the battles of the of a demand to surrender them by any person or authori- faithful in executing the Fugitive Slave law. It has beeni decidedly firm f i rpiaudoi. In the rear of Mr. Pickens, at theSueakor'saland, were Hawaii Cobb and Messrs. Dmore and Hooker, ry , and he would inaugurate it by planting yo t¥ o Mexi-thwuDwatoners from Alabama and Mianstippi.Outrunu,3.C.,Dec.17,1M0. TheSouthCarolmaSovereignConvention assembledatcan borders of the republic colonies of free blacks for the purpose of inciting murderous Insurrections among theslavesoftheSouthernStates,andofscreeningrugt tireswhomayescape. TheSenatorhintedthatEngl.ml would aid the North in this diabolical movement. Is this not afitmatter for the investigation of the government,ence between the Commander-in Chief of the American army, relative to the necessity of supplying the oftee.s ofsaidfartswithprotection,wastakenup.Mr.SHOWNobjectedtoitsconsideration,anditwaslaid over.was sure as to my own State, yet I could not believe a of Congress, and could be sweat away by the same word of what they were saying, 1 never did and majority that pa/sod it. That was true, in fact,jhe Bapttot church at twelve o'clock at noon.After a prayer. Geo. D. T. Jamison, on motion of exnever could, until our enemies here rise ia their paces, and.withamagnanimityIcommend,havesaidthiswas not so. My colleague (Mr. Pugh), with a magnanimity for which I give himmy thanks, hasstood forthto testify that, in the State I in part represent, republican judg'-s, courts and juries, have fulfilled this repulsive duty with perfect faithfulness, and so said the Senator from Illinois (Mr. Looglas). and so I understood the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Fitch i to bave said. There- fore, this calumny to removed from us, to far as the state-and true in law, and It showed the weakness of compro- mises. Now,Ionlyspeakfoa-myseb*,that inviewof the raanne in which compronraw* have been treated I should thmk hardly any two members of tbe demo- cratic party could took each other to the face aud saycompromise'' without a smile. A compromise to b^ brought about after the experience w e bave bad is ai solutely ridiculous. What are we to compromise t irCOKTLNUIZ) ON EIGHTH PAGE.]sleeted on the fifth ballot. Messrs. Orr,Cheenutand Gistweretheopponents. Mr.Gistwithdrewafterthe third ballot.dayssignallyfailed. Thereisvery littlefortheAmeri- canpeopletorejoiceaboutinthesedays,andstillless when we take the sentiment prevailing at the seat ofifthesawspowerof theHouse whichpredominates, is strongenoughtostrikeitout,therepublicanswill neverthalaw vote for the bills without the nigger in them BythismovethemembersNorthandSouthwillbeableto ptseuotheirpoliticalrecord,andthenunitetheirforcesmitteeonClaims.Mr.GREEN,(opp.) ofMo..moved thatWednesdayandThursdayofnextweakbesetapartforTerritorialbiI-•asisBsst a sn*r*o/i £ AThe bill to carry out the existing treaties betweei the UnitedStatesandMexicowastakenup.The PUKWDSTmadeaspeechexpressive ofthe honor governmentasthestandardofpublicfeeling.conferredaponhtm Healsosaidwe areengagedona ThemeetingofthePennsylvaniadelegationattheAve-whattheresultmaybe. ThatIt may tarn oattothe gloryofSouthCarolinahimyfervent wishsad hat prayer May God help the State. I feel unaccustomed to the duties of presiding over a body like this. I have long since left deliberative bodies. I mast a s k yoar in - dulgence *or what I m ay be wanting. I said I had nothing to say. l o u t s a y anything. I can't expresssent controlled by mob law. SomeoftheIndianavultureswhoannoyedLincolnatoutofthemoneysintheTreasuryappropriatedbyMex o Sir,youcomefrom Ohio, andtheydont Inquire whatPOlpHlos n CKWRBJW. my feelings.A debate on the question to adjourn to Charleston en-Mr. WAH, (rep.) of Ohio, said—At a time Uke this, by death. A nd y e a , whose caustittMnts are guilty of when there seems to be unusual excitement, I have all things, can stand up and accuse us of being rafaith- very little faith in the efficacy of any argument,but ful to the constitution of the toad! I make the I musjjatay, when in this very chamber, where we have assertion here, that I do not believe in theVW»t SectioBal Speech of Senatorsued, Mr. Miles speaking strongly against and Messrs. Keat and tnglie in .favor.all railed o u r hands t o heaven a n d took a n oath that we would ibstain the constitution of the United States, we hear it said by many Senators that we are upon toehistory o f the world there ever was a nation or a people where a law so repugnant to the general feeling was ever executed with the same faithfulness as sat been thisThe Convention voted to adjourn to-night and meet in Wafc,of6lio. CharlestonatfourP.M.to-morrow.tionandconsideration.Messrs.BiglerandHickmantheSenateasSecretaryofState,andthereseemstobeaeveofadissolutionofthisUnion,andthatyourcon-mostrepugnantFugitiveSavelaw.Toohaveatowin% ^^v ^WM W^V^g*^^1 **^1 ^^*^^- '*MUATIVE peOGEEOINfiSINTHEH0U8E.^f^^j^s^^^^s^^^^^^^*^^^^^^The Personal Liberty Bills lVe- dared Unconstitutional.wiVV%A<WlA<i%^Wy^»i^W>'»W»A resolution was offered IS supply a vacancy in St. Mi- chaete dtotrkt.proposed verbal amendments to the resolutions as finally passed unanimously.Mr. Grow objected to tbe fourth proposition, inas- much as it gave an undue representation in the Senate,fair prospect that Edwin Stanton, of this city (formerly of Ohio), will be named as Attorney General, and Gushing, who has survived the Natick Cobbler's charge, la taBted of for the vacancy upon the Sustitution is to be trampled under foot, silence undersuch circumstances seems to be akin to treason Hself.We have listened to complaints on the other side ofthis chamber patiently, and with an ardent desire to as-South Carolina by which you take the free citizens of Massachusetts or any other maritime State sad lock them upinjailunderaaauaay. Ifthe poor amncannotpay the jail fees, eternal slavery stares htm in the faoe. I t i sEx^torernorOOswO* O f (JrOOfgia*;a resolution, inviting Mr. of Alabama, and Hooker, ofcertain what they were. But I confess I a m unable tounderstandwhatitisofwhichtheycomplain. Thepar- amonstroustow,revoltingtothebestfeelingsofhuman--MJeaSsshmi,to theConventionatseveno'clockforwithapopulationofhalfamilliontheTerrttorieibench.TheopponentsofGushingarguethatNewtywhichhaslatelyelectedthePresident,andtoprosty,andtoconflictwiththeconstitutionoftheUnitedthis evening. Carried.Tbe Convention took a recess from half-past five to-evea.Fourteen cases of smallpox were reported on Sundayand seven to-day. Cases only were reported where thewould have the same representation a s half a dozen of the old States.Messrs. Grow, Blair, Covode and Hickman were the principal speakers in the caucus, while Senator Bigler,as Chairman, had but little to my, except on points of con-land ought not to have two judges upon that bench. I have the highest authority for asserting thatcohfhaanet offered Judge Bates, of Missouri, the pos1of Secrstary of the Interior. If Mr. Bates goes into thU Cabinet "he will be Attorney General. The sentiment ofpeotively coming into power, have never held office un- States. I don't say this by way of miaulnWhsj I know der this government. nor any individual o f them. There- the excitement pervading the country. and I do not wishsynawemsanddevelopmentsclearlyindicatethedisease. sequence,andthentosavewhathecouldfortheSouth thepeople—whichMr.Lmcolnwillconsultinmakinghis Thurhm Weed's Orgaa o n The Legislature has adjourned to meet in Charleston on from the preponderating influence of the republicansin Cabinet—paints to a Pennsylvanian for the Intenor-hip.rising out of unwarrantable prejudices. I wish to ascer-tain in the outset whether we are right, for I tell gentle-men here if they can convince m u that I a m holdingany poEftlcal principle that is not warranted by the con-stitutiofi under which we live, or trenches cm theirrights, they need not ask m e to compromise, for Iwill redress their rights myself when 1 a m wrong. N omanneedapproachmewithathreatthit thegovern-ment is 10 b e destroyed, because I hope that 1 have into its original elements—do it on a mere suspicion thatnow, and ever shall have, that sense of justice that the republican party may somehow aflbct their rights. when any man shows me I am wrong, 1shall be ready to Now. what doctrines do w e hold detrimental to you?Thursday.the caucus.I learn by private letter from Springfield, 111., that Mr. Lincoln will not come here before the 2d or 3d of March, following the example of Mr. Buchanan and others, as hethe Crisis.Jodf?iUidy,theliuittuppiCemmissiomrto ColonelFrancisW.Pickens,who hasjust beenelected audience,andwas interrupted twice byapplausefrom wouldbebesetby theofflceseeking vulturesbeforetheTHE NEW GOVERNOR OP SOUTH CAROLINA. SKETCH OF COLONKL FRANCIS W. PICKENS.WASHINGTON, D ec. IT . 1800. Senator Wade's speech was listened to by an immensejoyed the entire confidence of his constituents, and was regarded as one of tbe leading spirits in the national legislature. The position to which ho has been just ele- vated has naturally attracted towards him the eyes of the whole country, for there is no disguising the fact that upon his acts depend to a great extent the peace, ami, it may be, the perpetuity of the republic. Colonel Pick ens is a man of no ordinary ability, and n o one has ever questioned h i s courage or resolution. He was a particu- lar favorite of Calhoun, and enjoyed the confidence aud personal friendship o f South Carolina's greatest sen. H e was among the most ardent advocates of nullification. and it is almost needless to say that he is at present an un-preclude* all possibilty of adjustment.He said the South have had the reigns of government for years, and why should they complain of a government of which they have had the control. With the verdict of the people in their pockets, said Mr. Wade, the republi- cans have no compromise to offer or to make—the day of compromises ceased when the Missouri Compromise bill was repealed. He charged the South with entertaining a blind prejudice against the North; that where one fugi- tive slave had been rescued by the North, ten Northern- ers had been tarred, feathered, scourged and mur- dered, under circumstances of cruelty that would disgrace a savage, by Southerners, for even dar- ing to say they voted for Lincoln. The republicans, he said, would administer the government a s i t was ad- ministered by Washington, Jefiereon, Madison, Jackson and Polk, and in the spirit advocated by Henry Clay of Messed memory. Secession ism was denounced as treason,there was no cause tetnterriipt the harmonious course of legislation. I did not learn that there had been, since we adjourned, any new fact intervening that could at all dis-•Fear ! fear ! Mr. President, I was born insensible to fear ."The speech h a s much exasperated t b e Southerners, Suchto one of the traits in the character of the man and Western democrats declare That before Wade and hisrevolutionary, who would net have liangeo every man oftiou it is in consequence of unwarranted prejudice, nothing else. I have listened to arguments here for about a week. They a r e in very general terms. very freely drawn, and I do not know where to meet you at all. Is there anything in our platform detrimental to your rights, unless that in modern times you set up a dif- ferent construction o f t h e constitution from ours? W e follow in the beaten track, but you have switched off. a swho has been elected at the present critical juncture to control for good or ill the destinies of South CarolinaThe name of PR-kens is one of the most celebrated in the Revolutionary history of the country. General Pick- ers, the grandfather of the subject of the present sketch, rendered most efficient service in the war of indepen- dence. He commanded at the important battle of Cow- pens—a battle which, like that of Trenton, is regarded as the turning point in the fortune of the conflict, and both of which were fought about the same time. No purer or more disinterested patriot lived than General Pickens, and none deserved better of his country. Noarmy can reach the South it will have to pass through Southern Ohio, where it will receive a baptism of blood. The city is much excited.In t h e House a resolution declaring Personal Liberty bills unconstitutional, and condemning all acts calculated to interfere with the execution of United States laws, was adopted b y a large majority. Mr. Morris' (Illinois) resolution, that no cause existed for dissolution, was adopted.'The Pennsylvania, Ohio and Illinois delegations met to. night.At the Pennsylvania caucus, held in Avenue Hotel, Mr. Bigler, chairman, Mr. MoKnight, Secretary, a resolution was adopted in effect that the people of Pennsylvania were in favor of sustaining and protecting the constitu- tional rights of all sections; that all the laws should be faithfully and promptly executed; that the Union o f t h e States, the constitution and the laws of the United States, shall be maintained and enforced in all their integrity.The meeting was quite full; Thad. Stevens and Dimmiok only were absent, t h e sentiments on the part of the Pennsylvania republicans, as expressed in caucus, were not at all calculated to harmonize matters; but the friends of the South accepted what they could get from the republicans present.Gen, Scott's presence here is salutary and may lead to good results. He regards all coercion at this moment as madness. He believes that the troubles that distract the country may b e amicably arranged; a n d h e i s really with all good patriots and conservatives, to unite in sin- cere efforts to bring about so blessed a consummation.are terror stricken to-night, and are very close mouthed. The fact is, that besides the long debate wasted in in- terfering with the HERALD'S regular business, t h e Com- mittee did nothing but "wrangle about the order ofbusiness.Davis'sfugitivesof the Statetrial of identity. This to be in lieu of Personal Liberty bills, and to guard against kidnapping.have been ministers, doing everything that h a s beendone, to set up here that you have been oppressed andaggrieved by the action of that very government:' Itwould have been an act of treason, and nothing less.We have stated that Clonel Pk kens represented for amthat tbe proposition for the enforcement of all laws, fede-ralandlocal,shouldemanatefromMr.Campbell,therepublican member of the Committee of Thirty-three,second, that Mr. Covode, republican, should adopt the re-commendation of Senator Bigler, democrat, and agree to tion. 0hOof these vultures, who has before attemptedaccording to the treaty. Mr.HAMLLN,(rep.)ofMe..objectedtothebill,becauseit would lead to a revision of all the decisions. Be was willing to have a new commission to examine the claims. He moved to amend accordingly.Mr. BATART), (opp.) of Del., objected .to the entire bill.At one o'clock, Mr. Powell's, (opp.) of Ky., resolution was taken up.party you belong to. Many e f these acts have bean done undercircumstancesthatwoulddisgraceasavage Wo have no security In travelling nearly one-half of this confederacy—especially the Gulf States. I don't care what a man's character may be, and if he never vio- lated any law under heaven; but if he comes from the North, and especially tf he has exercised his political rights and voted for Lmcoln instead of somebody else, it to an offence punishable by indignity. by striass, andstrikesecured at a* haanrds; third, that the said Mr. Campbell should propose th e restoration of the Missouri Compro- mise line; and fourth, that the subject of dividing the Territories into States should not have been introduced at all. All these propositions were presented, and they were rejected after a free and calm conversa-o u tt h ewords thattheirenforcementshould beto bribe the republican party by his infamous offers, is said to have obtained a $2,000 draft from a prominent citizen, with a promise to reward the latter with a par ticular appointment from Lincoln.The House delegation from New York will caucus again on Wednesday evening.This evening Attorney General Black was confirmed byHe was a s|«cial favorite with the Czar, from whom he received many marks of attention.. He represented the United States at the Muscovite Court for the last two years, and was recalled only at his own re- quest, arriving in this country a few weeks ago. An incident is related' as having occurred during hisbranch. The inaugural ton ceremonies take place a', two him of a confidant and a friend more than that of a slave. o'clock. When Colonel Pickens received his appointment, the news ofwhich, bytheway,reachedhimatthesametime Thereto hardly a doubt about the sma lpox being an with tbe intelligence of its confirmation by the Senate, hestating that Judge Bates had been tendered the position stampedefromColumbiamaybeanticipated,andthen'Now,Tom,IhavebeenappointedasMinistertoofAttorneyGeneralunderLincoln.Ittounderstoodthatofmerqnersbeenknowntobeopposedtothesixth,caseshastheleastfoundationinfact.Butiftheselawsfriendsanycomplaintstomakeoftheplatform-ItIIorganned.The enrolling of the names was then continued. The outside attendance at the Conventtoo is small.Some of the members of the Convention are young in appearance, but generally middle aged. So far they are all calm and untmwiiasioned-In the Legislature nothing is transpiring in eitheryou what 1 suppose it is. I do not so much blame the lized nations in the world. We don't differ n pub-ministerial careerabolitionism mightwith pleasure. H isabout sixty five years of age, stands in the relation toRussia. It is a very cold, a very bad climate for yon. he would accept. the disease may spread over the State. On my way there I'll have to pass through the State ofseventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth commandments.The Illinois House delegation bad a meeting to-night onare really repugnant to the constitution, they are utterly you frankly kbat we did lay down the principle thai we. void, and the courts would declare them so at any mo- would prohibit, if we bad the power, slavery from levadment. Therefore 1am glad to hear Senators on the other ing an other inch of free-soil Territory of this government sidesaytheydonotcomplainofthesebills.YourmenIstandthereto-day.Ihavearguedittohalfamillionpeople and the world.which read servanttheOUU-XBU. S. C . Dec. 17,18d0. New York and also through England, where you'll be a Judge Slosson and Mr. Van Allen left here this after- TheConventionbadfourballotslorapermanentfreeman,andifyouhaveadesiretoleavemeyouwillnoonforSpringfield,ittosupposedwithaviewofgettingtbe state of the nation. Lovejoy and Morris were absent, have given up this bone of contention, this matter ofof people, probably, and they stand there—and they have commissioned mo to stand there forever, and. so help I M God, I will. I say to you, while we hold this <to trine to the end, there is no republican, or convention of republi- cans, or paper, that pretend w e have any right in your States to interfere with your peculiar institutions. <>u t h e other hand, our platform repudiates the idea that »o have any right, or intention even, to invade your constitution in your own States. Now, what do you complain of? Youaregoing to break up tinsgo- vernment. You are going to involve us in war and blood out of a mere suspicion that wc shall transcend that which we stand here to vindicate. How would you be justified in the eyes of the civilized world to take so monstrous a position, and predicate It on a mere susp: t?1on ? We don't like slavery. Didn't you know it oefoi * to-day? Everything remains as it did a tear ago B it all a t once, when we meet here, I find all gloom ami gen- tlemen rise up to say we are on the eve of break.ng up this government. Seven or eight States are going to s -t up a hostile government—and they look imploringly overto us and say, -you can prevent it." Wiiat can we do? You have not condescended to u-U UK wha:. you want done. If we should give up the verdict of tn« people and take up your platform, I don't know I>M>o i wouldbesatisfied, andI think tbeSenatoriromTexan (Mr. WigfaJl) rather Intimated, and t b e Senator fromhave an opportunity to do so. If you would rather go toan expression from Lincoln of some conservative opinions Oa the third ballot Governor Gist received S8 votes enjoy yourself better if you stay at home. But you can in regard to the present crisis.do as you please."Master Colonel Pickens," said the faithful old fellow— •Master Colonel Pickens, your father and my old master died in my arms, on the banks of the Mississippi; I took from h i s pocket thirteen hundred dollars in money andIt is clearly manifest to aH who participated last evening in the caucus of the New York delega- tion that there is no hope of accomplishing anything. There d id n o t seem a n y uniformi- ty of opinion, or tendency to compromisepropagandist of profit, if not m an Tom, an old negrofoot. They have been told so by our enemies at the North, Senator from Texas told us that cotton was King ai.d and they would not hear us at all. Now, I wish to could overrule, by its influence. (I do but use his words)inquire candidly, honestly and fairly, whether and compel men to come down—that it had subjects a the Southern gentlemen who complain so much Europe. • I will say to that Senator that they are rewithMr.JAJDBUN,ontakingthechair, said hehadnotIan hisgoldwatch,andIletnobody knowit,andIcameonfoot through the woods and brought it safely to you in conflicting opinions relating to the avowed grievances Trumbull and Douglas, in order that the resolution may bejruage to express his thanks for the honor conferred upon Carolina—you know master; and if you die in Russia, youhim in making him the presiding officer over the delibe- shall die in ruy arms, like your father."formally and unanimously adopted, as it is believed it of the South or their redress. Attachment to the Union will be—Mr. Douglas and all his friends being stronglyrations of this Convention. He considered that the Con- vention was engaged in a most important duty—the most important that had over devolved upon South Carolina. God onjj knows what will be the result of our proceed- ings; bat ho would implore God's protection to the State.A resolution was then offered that when t h e Conven- tion adjourn. it be to meet in Charleston, at four o'clock to-morrow afternoon.This resolution caused considerable debate.So Tom wont to St. Petersburg, and he was the head man a t the door on all state occasions, and acquitted him- self with all the dignity due t o h i s position. When Col. Pickens was about leaving St. Petersburg he said to his old servant, "Tom, I am going through Germany, and I want to send a courier with very important despatches to our I Minister, Mr. Dallas, in London. Now, Tom, I shall make you courier; you shall go with my despatches to Mr. Dallas.'-'Tom accepted the mission, and w e do him but justice when we say that he discharged h i s duty with prompt- ness, correctness and fidelity to his master.was strongly expressed, but the methods of preserving itwere widely opposite. Many were decidedly for coer-cion, others denounced it. This delegation, in truth, all, held a meeting, and unanimously came to the deter which you complain. And here let me say, because theIncone,usionwemaystatethatColonelPickens isa man of medium height, of peculiarly prepossessing man- ners, and, as his election at this particular time proves, is exceedingly popular in his native State.course. The venerable statesman seemed much af section of this country, or any individual in it: but, onWASHINGTON, Dec. 17,1860. The issue is made, and it is now before the Americanth ePresident thisIt is expected that the South Carolina Commissionerswill arrive here on Thursday, beaded bv Laurence M.Keitt, to negotiate with government for Fort Moultrieand Fort Sumter. The government have no property to dominant party for years; therefore, if there is any-consultation withsent to leave Cahn&bia until the ordinance of secession Senator Wade's speech, of which the HERALD has al- Secretary Thompson left this morning for North Caro-Mr. CU.UKA.NE, of AbbeViUe, said he would never cos- was passed, and urged members to sui.d up to all the reepoiisibiltties of their position, and remain and perfect their work.Mi Knar said lie was as ardently devoted to secessionai any man. and determined to be with the Conventionuntil their action was complete, but urged adjourning toCharleston. He said he never would consent to hurrythrough the proceedings of the Convention, and gave no- clared to-night by one of the most prominent of the a surrender of Fort Moultrie, Maj. Anderson's instruc- tice that no ordinance should be passed with h i s consentuntil every point was duly considered in all its bearings.after a fall s a d fair investigation and discussion. H esaid they were engaged in a high and patriotic duty, anddemanded that the members should be in a location wheretheir minds coukWair ly grapple with the important issuesinvolved, and n o t I s agitated by a fearful, loathsome.pestilence, when no prising necessity required it.lina. It is understood that, though he favors the seces- ately have a full report, to received as the text of repub sion of the Cotton States, he is friendly to the resumptionsell in South Carolina.Twenty-two members of the Ohio delegation, includingthing in tbe legislation of the federal government that is not right, you, and not we, are responsible for it. We never yet have been invested with power to controlready had a brief synopsis, and of which it will immedi-1lleanfasjhandfidelity.IttodenouncedbytheSouth,includingmanyUnionmen,attheheadofwhom istheVice President of the United States, as the gloomiest pro-duction that has yet appeared from the republican party.It closes forever any hope of pacification, and, as was de- shed. Should the ready men of South Carolina demandto unite with Governor Corwin in a resolution that there us of all the old guarantees of liberty that the Anglo to harm a bair on your beads. We hold to no doc-Southern representative m en, it will unite the South within twenty days.tions are deemed to be such as will enable him to retain an honorable position.injured anybody, but he complained of the public senti-wait for any. Bet. anticipating that the government may work you an injury, you will put an end to it, which means simply this—that we intend to rule or ruin t h eThe threat of colonizing Mexico and Central America with free blacks is deemed so insulting to Southern pride and repulsive to Southern feeling in all grades of society, that they will, with one voice, unite in indignant denun- ciation o f the sentiment a n d appeal to arms rather than submit to it. The tone o f dissatisfaction among them i sWASHINGTON, Dec. 17,1860. Tbe Senate of the United States presented an interest- ing scene to-day during t h e delivery o f Senator Wade's speech, which occupied tw o hours and a quarter. An attentive throng in the galleries above h i m , a listening Senate around him, and the members of the Fourth estate, largely represented, catching every word and committing it to the winged lightning for the great public in every part of the country, were among the features of the oc-feated the object of she meeting so far as harmony was concerned, and it adjourned without accomplishing any result.THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS. 8J5C0ND SIS&ION.Senate.WASHINGTON. Dec. 17. 1*60.in nine cases out of ten, and they risked their lives ifthey made the attempt. He thought the law no more government. There is where it comes. We do not like obnoxious than anv in case of scoundrels who rob and your institutions, you say. But we never liked them any steal. (Applause in the galleries. The CHAM said the better, and you might as well have dissolved tbe Union galleries must be cleared if the applause againwas atanyothertimeas now. WestandpreciselywherewemoMtlonary movement far aht e*tlr<oi»im of slave-tionofit.of the North-thishaseverbeanrefused;andfurther,what instruc- tions hava been given to the officer of said forts, in oaseothersidemythattherepealofthosebillswillnotre- lieve the case from the diffieutoee—and I have heard it every where that the people o f t h e free states are un-oneofconsiderable anttotdry wasswept awayfront our statute book:, and when a t t h e minority I stood up here and asked you to wtthhoid your bands— that it w a s a sacred compact between sections—Fifteen thousand additional coptoa of the President's Governor J. M, Aiunm, was called to the dmr. T. L. if we have a gj,%-ernment? The Senate in executive for Territorial business, when Mr. Grow from the Com- Message sad accompanying documents were ordered.fitment was appoutjed temporary secretary session confirmed tbe nomination of Judge Black as Se The CManat** adu'qjneed the Convection, after which I retary if State, and nisftjrahdry minor appointments.mitifv on Territories, will bring forward four bills to or- ganise idabo, Nevada, DacctsJj and Arizona TerritoriesMr. Wusox, (rep.) of Mass., introduced a joint resolu- tion for the repeal of the resolution of June 5, for the re-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069seems to present in epitome the conflict of opinion which at this precise point divides the country.There is little hope of unanimity among them.The President sent to the Senate to-day the nomination of Attorney General Black to the Secretaryship of State, which was confirmed, about one-third of the Senatorsmination that the true course to be pursued to to protect the public property and enforce the revenue laws at all hazards. ibis morning a number of republi- can Senators and representatives called upon General Cass, and congratulated him upon his latesubject occurs to me, that the Senator from Virginia seems not 6o much to point out any specific acts that the North e r n people have done that a r e injurious t o your property, as something he takes to be a dishonor and a degredation. I think I feel as sensi- tive cm thJTt subject as any other man, if if I know m y - self. I would be the last man who would advocate any law, or any act, that would humiliate or dishonor anyvoting against t h e were transmitted.appointment.No othernominationsMr.MILKSappealedtotheConventionnot toadjourntoCharleston, but to remain here, regardless of the small-pox or other physical or moral causes, and discharge thedutiesrequiredbySouthCarolina.Heurgedthatother to-day.Ittorepresentedthattheyhavegoneearnestly uponothersasIwouldbetosubmittoitmyself.IonwhichMr.Breckinridgewasplaced,andgi\eupthatThe House select committee was in session four hoursMore than twenty of the clerks under Secretary Thomp son are said to be on leave of absence, and are in tbe South, actively engaged with the secessionists.of the relations with the others when the non-slavehold iug States consent to give such constitutional guarantees as may be satifactory.Senator Pugh, assembled to-night to deliberate upon the the legislation of the country for an hour. I know the charges have been made a n d rung in our ears that wepresentstateofaffairs.Mr.Corwininthechair. havebeenunfaithfultoyourFugitiveSlavebill,The Withtwoorthreeexceptionsthedelegationwereready lawisexceedinglyodioustoanyfreepeople,anddeprivesIt is not apprehended here that there, will b e blood-Saxon race have else.consideredmore sacredthan anythingtrine that c a n possibly wotk y o u a n y inconve- nience. We have been faithful to all "the laws. It is not, then, that Mr. Lincoln is expeeted to du ar ?Mr. CLana's, (rep.) of N. H., resolution of inquiry, re-Southern States, and at Columbia, S. C , where the casion. Many of the ablest men in the nation, of questing the President to inform the Senate what num- Then he might be carried into the market place any-seceding Convention is being held, It will not only fire the hearts of the delegates, but, it is feared, plunge them into rash measures of retaliation.all parties, Senators, representatives and others, from tbe North and South, who listened to Senator Wade, agree that while he uttered some of his ideas in some language, a style peculiarly his own, that as a whole his speech was eminently conservative, strictly within the constituber of men were stationed at Forts Moultrie and Sum where in a slave State, and what chance has he?This man may »>ekidnapped and carried into ever- haveplaced itinmore competent hands. If this is soMr. Wade.,has been boiling over with this speech forseveral days, ever since Senator WigfaJl delivered h i sspeech on behalf of the Sooth. It has been with the ut- tion, ami exactly such a speech aa the times demands.lence; whether additional men had been ordered to eitherof mid forts, or any steps taken to put them in positionto resist any attack; in whose custody the base complaints are the last who would rise here and resolution to inquire into the evils between differentcountry and sustained the nag; and his splendid perora- tion and pledge to follow the example of his father in up- holding that flag with his life, not only won applause fromthegalleriesbutdrewtearsfrommanyeyes.M#Johnson of Tennessee, hasthefloorto-morrow, and will make a Union speech.ty mads upon them; also, the copies of any correspond- said, under such circumstances here, that, although I what was the cry? That it wm nothing bat an actThe House has assigned Wednesday and Thursday nextUntitled DocumentChicagoatahere, sejltafmhat they call their influence with Mr. Lincoln to obtain office under h is administra-heads of hto departments were named, inaugurated and•Maryland,inBaMnort, isaboutfiftyyearsofage.HehasbeeninpubliclifeforSoutherninterrogatory,andagainwhenWadespokeofreadytoassumetheirrespectiveresponsibilities.Hisrightit"withoutthreatorcompromise.Now.whattoitArewethesettersforthofanynewdoctrineundertbeGovernor of South Carol ina, is a native of that State, and the galleries; once when Senator Green put in a favorablerepublican friends sustain him in this determination, and Congress from 1835 to 1845, during which period he en- and the flag of 76 fly'ng from the dome. The speech none but impracticables, who w^sh to involve him in newof which geutlenien-eomplainr WhenIleftmyhomein constitution? I tell you nay. There is ne principle the West t o come to this place all was calm, cheerful and held to-day b y the great republican party that h a s s o t contented. I heardfip no discontent, and apprehended bad the sanction of your government for more than eevxL*xvA JLJJ.foreittomanifestthatthatpartyhasasyetcommitted toaddasinglecoaltotoeflame.Nevertheless.Iwish noactof which anybody can complain. If anyone has tbe whole truth to appear. Then, what is it ? Tou havethe whole legislation of the country; you own the prehensions—nothing else. A bare suspicion, a fear, -Cabinet and the Senate, and I max add you own the Pre-fears as to what may hereafter ensue, they are mere ap-complications or who have axes of their own to grind. believe or suggest otherwise.The statement that there is a republican movement onfoot in this city to induce Mr. Lincoln to announce hisviews before the 4th of March is not true. The republi-cans ar« opposed to any such policy, believing that what-ever he may say in the future will be garbled and russrepresented, just as what he has said in the past hasbeen. Hto views are before the country. I am as certainthat Mr. Lincoln will do nothing in administering thegovernment to destroy or in any way to impair the terri-torial policy laid down in the Chicago platform as I am ofanything exciting. This fact might a s well b e known the minority that they have subjected to an oppressive Mr. 1 VKRHOX said he had said no such thing.first as tost, if there is the slightest donbt anywhere on the subject, . I -peak what I know, if I know what de clarations mean.The Perilous Committee of thirty-threesion to-day, but there was very little done for the salva-tion of the Union. Some of tbe gentlemen comprisingthat committee whom the people have put here to transactthe public business of .the country, devoted most ofthe time offee session in denouncing the New YorkHERALD correspondent, stationed here for n o t allowingtheir dallbarations to be private. Some of the mem them as traitors? They would ask what right have you. bers,inviewoftheinstructionstheyreceivedto-day. whohavehadthegovernmentinyourownhands,whoMr. IVEKSONsaid be said the republican party might do injury. lie thought Mr. Lincoln would violate the consti- tution, when he could, with impunity.Tbey finally votedt o take u p H.Winter deliver district a juryaction of this government for years past? Why. theyhave had more than two-thirds of the Senate for manyyears. You that complain represent but (little morethan one quarter of the free people of the United justified it.States; ' yet you have prevailed for ten years Mr. WADE said thai lawyers and judges might differ. past in the Cabinet of the President, and in the Su- He thought Governor Pennisou's course founded on a dr preme Court of the United States, aud nearly every de- cision given by Judge Stansburv. of Kentucky, and on a partment of the government. Those who voted with you precedent set by the Governor of Kentucky.propositiont orequiringMr. POWEIX, (opp.) of Ky called the Senator's atten tion to the case of Governor Donnison. and asked ,. bet h eescaped from,districttion to be a demand for concession that they could notstracfre that those who occupy this jioeition come here Mr. WADE was not going to lie catechised in a quest o n complaining that their rights have been stricken down? of law.But what is the cause of this great excitement winchto a jury trial in a Southern State, where t h e jurymen would bo all slaveholders.No vote was taken upon the adoption of the resolutions. nd after consuming four hours in doing nothing the com- mittee adjourned. The trouble about the committee is bat^t dees not possess t h e adhesive qualities necessaryif the newspa|iers are to be credited, there is a reignof terror in the cities and large towns of the Souththat looks very much like the reigu of terror in Parisduring t h e French Revolution. W e hear o f Northernmen being sent back, o r scourged a n d tarred a n dfeathered, and no inquiry made iu regard tothe cause. I do not suppose the regular govern- longer.ment, in times of excitement like this, is really re- Mr. POWELLsaid he should not bave called for speciu sponsiblefortheseoutbreaks of passion, if theStates cation»ifb«didntwanttobe<ue<his.-d.Marshals Judge in t b e a n d guaranteeingt oI did not know that there hadany individual. T*should have a harmgreat republican psince you repealedresult as it h a s resulted, and I suppose any man mightturb the public mir Upon the rights of any section orbeen any encroachm< re, I came here expecting we elusive. And that revered statesman. Henry Clay, ofsession. It is very true that the has been organized ever compromise, which gaveblessed memory, with his dying breath, asserted the'doc trine we hold to-day. Why, then, are we held up before the community as violators of your rights? It is late ;nyou four years ago fullhave supposed things would have resulted in th e sameway. It is true this party has carried the election; do any injury to you. The Senator from Georgia fMr.but I do not suppose anything growings out of the Iverson) told us he had no appreheusita Mr. Lincoln election is the cause of the present excitement in thecountry. Now,who is it that is complaining? Is it would cloany act inviolation of the constitutionNow, thry who sit here the lea lers of this moderurevolution, are they in a position to complain of the it were, ujion another track, and assert your doctrineMr. Davis, of Mississippi, announced to the House this. fteruoon that he could not yield to the demands madein the Committee upon the South, and asked to be ex people of the South, because 1think they have been led lic sentiment from England. France, Germany or< used, and the House excused him.Senators Cameron and Bigeler and twenty-three democratic and republican members composed the meeting of the Pennsylvania Delegation to-night.The House to-day adopted resolutions endorsing theto believe that we. to-day the dominant party, who areabout to take the reins of government, are their mortalfoes, and stand ready to trample their institutions underItaly, or any otber civilized nation on God's earth. 1 tell you frankly you will never find a community who are in love with your peculiar institutions. Now. thoFanatics in and out of Congress affect to treat theexcitement with contempt, and advise republicans to took an oath to support at the commencement of the Con when they are really informed as to our position. The their King. They tell you they sympathize with thosekeep a stiff upper lip.A despatch was received here to-day from Springfield,Northern democrats have said we have Personal Liberty bills in some few of the Northern States, which would somehow trench upon your rights to recapture runawayyou call black republicans. Therefore, I hope we shall hear no more of t i e toast that '• Cotton to King, and s going to overrule all nations and bring them under u s footstool. It never will be done. But have our Southernconstitution of the United States, which every memberhave any reasonable grounds for that complaint—I mean bellious subjects, and are talking very disrespectfully ofagainst secession.The entire delegation of New Hampshire, Senators andfected at their visit and conversation, and the interview in many respects was most pleasant and'friendly.the other hand, let me tell those gentlemen I am exceed- ingly sensitive on that same point, whatever they may think, and had rather sustain an injury than an insult pr dishonor, and 1 would be as unwilling tn inflict itGeorgia (Mr. Iverson) rather more than intimated that if we would take what to exactly the Charleston platform,exist no real cause for secession.This resolution was supported by Mr. Howard, demo-crat. He was met by Senator Pugh and Mr. Valundigham, who took opposite grounds. Their opposition de- ment, n e knew that it was impossible to reclaim a slaveMr. GREEN said perhaps the action on this law had not overt act by which you may be injured.- You wontand complain that a State could not make a tow to protect h e r o w n people against invasion a n d seizure? I believe ef all men those who have made the moat ofof that victory we bave now, as to injure you at all. This brings me here to the question o f compromise. Tbe first day of this session aSenator rises and offers adeny the power of a sovereignState to protect her own sections, and to ascertain what could be dose to settle arsenal at Charleston to placed; what arms and citizens against any federal legislature whatever. Then the difficulty. I tell that Senator I know of no diffi-property are there kept, or, if removed, by liberty bills have been made, not with a view to degrade culty. Aa to compromise, I iunaa» we had agreed'whom; whysaidarmsarenotputin possession theSouth,butwithanhonestviewtoguardtherights thatthedayofcomsromtoeswasatanend. Themost of their own citizens from Junlawful research a n d sets- solemn w e have made have been violated and whereof officers of the United States, upon a requisition, or if area. I was exceedingly glad to hear Banntoia on the are they ? Since I hava had a seat to this Ooniiiasident of the United States, as murli as you own tbe ser- vants on your own plantations. But I can't see whySouthern m e n rise up and complain o ftbe i saction o f thisgovernment. I havepoint out any acts of which tbe republican party has been guilty of which you can complain. Therefore. I understand that Senators who justify the overthrow o f lbisgovernment—whowould break itupandresolveitalready shown i timpossible t oenty years. You have changed your opinions; we stand where we used to stand. W e stand on the slavery qi.es tion in the place formerly occupied by the most revered statesmen of this nation, every one of them. Wash ington, Jefferson, Monroe, Adams. Jackson and Polk inits strength would tbe day to accuse us of harboring these opinions. Then, what doctrines do -we hold that are complained of? Y oudon't complain of our Liberty bills. You don't com plain that Mr. Lincoln is a violent man and will probablytrate. with the power of government,could de away w.th slavery in ten years.to be orthodox, that is all.wanted to know if the Senator was in favor of a rigid ft tenement of the Fugitive Slave law.Mr. WADS said be did not know as he was a w i w *s n this case.stood, repudiating your institution as a matter of morals, but,admittingthat,whenitisoutofourjurisdiction we have no hold upon it and no designs upon it. Is there anything iu the character of the President elect of wh.ch you complain? Has he not lived a blameless life, never violated any law; has he committed any \ ioto- ion of duty? Why, then are you suspicious th»i ba will ? Now, then, I have shown that having the govern- ment in your bands all the time, you have brought, it to the verge of destruction; and the people, believing it was time tbe sceptre should depart from your hands, www.fultonhistory.com 