 tee to*T*U •a atfirata*fe Hit ifcoa-tt gea- |*peech Dorse*in ar- ox>f Mad- ras wa- it caaius ioa ity by ocarmt- > oppa-inguias- itrat ton of the -unions,at^dia-1860.Audrsw i nocnin- legaiioa. t of hisneverere was >aoa.» ofa hat ike aii;>;iagof Mr.. at, sare iv,if the igiaatedof Mr. ition oaT&sohx.-once for all, to n»ake atoewf perfectly uoderatood upon ; this point, he wished to say—First, ae to what he h%d Often asserted, that he wa* opposed to the power be-got the chance, ahd they p.ovided a me ius whereby he ccnld be recovered. The Coastitatioa does not pro- vide for the recovery of roaaway horaes in Ohio, be-N E W - Y O R K FORD O U G L A S .half of each of tbeJNow-York conr-estaats be admitted to tbe Convention, each to cast 17 votes.be named Maitland, aad to have been the master ofargument, artdr^seed to their common seDse aod by bie ridicule Of tbe figure tbat they, two weh-growrh, bearded men, were making there, each with a frog*Icttar of d deisr- .uon &i23, 1859.d , wnich x months, »a joins ta, Geo. Illinois, for the ton that >e It .aits Co ranis- it by the is nv>ve- o .visaed, d Illinois th-msies, •od with questionForeignhis TOS>-S*rdrai&, rotary of Ca*xgeit of bills a. broken , at d H i». seat iatoD.ft, J8S0. a*uuzu>as filers ia cages by lographieu^oouad, 1Batoae ed letter lent, acd tvenj car- States to» the billWhole onlexpiuned it avoidstin bill; it <ng; gives >aving for iv:a. He •O diicird adgment,for what sanguinethat at an droad bill>fhisre- ,*y of his oper sar- ins of the •ikec9"the y outside it security ider boadS^publican tae Ee- rty wh chb'-m. On party was j^nxatf. theif.. North. >vornoi*niceived in a similar spirit. He said among other things Tbe Douglas North-We.stern column will proba- that some woald dissolve the Union to-morrow be- bly be broken by a defection in Minnesota, under cause their negroes ran so fa*»tfchoycannot catch them; this rule; likewise, be will meet with a loss in Maiae, but tbey ought to recollect that th«s^ negroes have to and, perhaps^ponnecticut. He will ga:n a few run through Slave S t a f s before they got to the BVee.ion of Mr. Lnderstood rthe (*r. f the I»W i v e s l a v e A.understood ugbe aad on it; and I him, he * He had :a.«iooe, .in loos other ovisions of hadgose. o the cea- rvers than mstitorion-The Spanish wur ete^mehip Petionella ban arrivedheie, after a passage of nino days from Havana. AMon board of her are well. She will take the Spaniuh bo no gag law on any suhject.Miahiter to Mexico.very low character. The girl was about 20 years ofage.The Chicago Press and Tribune relates the fol- lowirg anecdote of Abe Luioolnand Gen. Shiolda:6TAT« or Naw-Yoax, CAAAL ^OXXINUOWTRRS* Qmor^V„ v ai, .. Loowoax,April2S,HiCO,. > lion. N. 8. Buy-row, Ax<Htor, $c.I>je4n Km; Tbo C«p»t frooi Buffalo to tfali point vr^A SUs* coi rncaj 1tit, and. OJX tbe aft»«n.oc-a of tlut d*>. *«u x w*» >et »»to ti.«© C»n»l now U»u place to Rcob««t«r. Rccoinr, «*«« a»d. <no, to »!>• (.;»•>»•••.«. v jv<r r«rd«r», cuid tW» woj-nUi* ( r M v K , at itrcht-Blrr. two loot di pth of \ujtu-t In\bo Cuwa.man'forthenextfourytars,was discuesed,aadfinallyre- acorporalwasantingasmarkerat;tbetarget,addjwas pothimoffwith %request for twenty-five houAto/ tinnedintli<a-eityuntiltbeentire'A*<Aof bo^tewkich bad coUec'ed ia the Upper BuVa and at the Cul were ferred to a Select Committee, to inquire into the* pro- standing a t a dtetaaco of twenty yards iram it, When cdaaluer tho matter, and, shortly afterward, j&oeuag , let in, laid they are how pusbxog to t^ebr Northern aadThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-lepany were eelected as Electors at Large.Resolution* exprebciog crmfiJence in Mr. McLeanor Mr Bell for the Prefcideacy were lofct. Adjourned tine die.•bated, and n-j^cleu. Yeas 120, Nays 131..Mr. Robinson, Chairman of the Vermont delegation, below the suifu.ee. About a year since, near die sameworth the stringing."—Several years since, a man named John Cain killedwas kept up to a ;aie hour.m i. • i THE CANALS—NAVIOATIOW OH-ENKB.—To day tho canals of the State were openo i for the ^ t w i ruere are no obstructions en the Eastern DIVIH on, so far asitgreffiirg.we hear; and tbe following totter fmta Cautl Com-. ^ajre, tbe keeper of an eating and drinking house of a speaks encouragingly of tho Wet-t:mwww.fultonhistory.com,' • ' .during the wbole of that Adoaia?»tratk>B, that neither that authorized . Congress to pass Buch a .law. Thethe President nor his Cabinet were the proper persons gentleman from Ooio d'usented from that proposition, ing, the decision of the Supreme Court, in tbe Dredto put a construction upon the laws; but that the whole and rested on the legislation of 1793, and upon the Scott case, obligatory, is much urged as a compro- people, here assembled, were to determine this ques- judicial construction which hai been put upon mise by the North, but the South demands some- tion, and not the President or bis Cabinet. He was a that legislation from that time to the present.member of tae Senate when the law of 1850, for the That was all well enough. None objected to thing beside barren generalities.pointing a National Committeee be laid over until after the nomination of caadidates for the Preaidoncy.The death of Gov. Robinson of Vermont was an-nounced to the Convention, and a resolution of con-ters, and some of them their liberty.—The wife.of tbe Hon. B. K. Curtis, of Boston, died in lhat city on Tuesday morning, aged 43 years.POLTTTCAL.• m'sired, be believed, t.o po bfhiad the legislation of 1793. Mr. CORWIN—He had not mieunderstood the R8n- tlf man, and he did not tbiok tbe gen'lemaa m'Bunler- Btood him. Thoy were not widely separated upon this point, but with this difference, that tbe gentleman would speak upon topics which he avoided. As to the interference of the Government, he replied that all the depaitmen^B of the Government had recognized the po^er of Congress to pass a law to recapture fugitive alaves. They mast regard that as the trae reading of that instrument, otherwise they would 1 se ah theL. D. Smith, XXIId District, at the request of the District; J N. Knapp vice Aaron Griuwold, XXVth District; II. A. Tilden vice Sidney Lawrence, XVIth District; S. F . Butter worth vice Andre Froment, VHIth D.strict; A. Belmont vice A. Dugro, Vlth District; John Clancy vice til, T. Brennan, IVth District; S. L. M. Barlow vice John Kelly, Vlth District. These delegates are supposedplaced in the band of a third party; the Yankee then called upon tbe young lady and made a proposition of marriage. She told bim that her intended had already given her $40 to buy clothes, but that she didn't like him very well. At thiB her new suitor handed her a like amount, and tboB placing forty dollars more with it, remarked: " There's his forty dollars-, and I'll go forty better." The young lddy could xesiafno longer, and taking tbe money, returned tbe amount givea her by her first lover, and roarrifd his competitor Wltciu an hour, well satisfied with the bargain. The bet was WOD, and in the coutse of a month the Sk Joseph islande: married the sister of his first finances.—Evariste Regis Hue, the author, in company withM. Gatiet, of tbat most entertaining book " TravelainTartary, Thibot, and China, during tho years i81'l-'5and '46," died a few weeks ago at the age of- 47. Howas a Catholic Missionary, but bis intense sympathywith men and faith of all kindsled him to a closer viewof Lamaism than we have yet gainbd from any other" There is a rumor of a Cabinet rupture. Oat of this grows a goseip, which in trtrc in all respects, Chat Bu- chanan has s%id he would oppose tbe elec ioa oI'Doug- las with all tbe power of the Government."—On the Wiijccn&n Judicial Election the a~.*urate returns came in very elowly. It eeema probable that Dixon is elected, though o;>inion«j differ aa to tbiji-One psp^r says:" We tb'nk our Oguresare nearest ri(?bt. Thc'ma- jority will not be 50 either way, and in all probahihty the Supreme'Court will have to sottle it."Another Tcmarkg:" We are ut<*rly nnable, as we go to nrese, to say who ts elected Chie'f-dostice. We tbiak Dixon ia, by sometbirtg Jess than 2u0 m»joritv, tliontfh it is oossiblo tbat Sloan, after al', may ge; riie certincate. The offi- cial canvast alone can determine tbe question."Still another claims for-Dlxon a majority of 100.PROBABLE MURI>ER..I ••>stable, and remain so forever. Wben a ehaoge becomes done, it was because Great Britain wants our cotton, seeeseary, the ocnsiitation itself provides bow that aid we don't desire to go to war with her. [Laughter ]The New-York vote was tendered compauientari- Pereigny left London, but of euch a character as re- which recently occurred, eays:itff ptaced in tae bands of *he rreaid ^ot of punting his cause the law which regulated this description ofthe said Robert;, the pretended former employer gaveThe debate on the report of the Committee on Cre- on excellent character, and the man was engaged by bt;cker in l»w hand, brplie up tbe figM. We do noftthe Whiff party weie cast for Genu Taylor a.< Preiidout independent of tbe peculiar provision of 1850, which, The Committee en the Platform are still ont, and and for Mr. Fillmore a« Vice-President. It HO hap- in his judgment, made tbat act not fit for Ohristiaaresolution was finally laid over, under the rule, untilget fh'em in a honest and legitimate way;" and thenand, therefore, be aseerted that U was a great mistakeWISCONSIN ELECTION.—The latest £arures ia TheMadison Journal, embracing official returns from all—The Cambridge (Eng.) Independent says that bur. five counties, and reported m^joritiTM from* those,aomo. short time back a gontlemau. was united to a elect Jud^e SI an by four votef. The official figureeBays that the man who escapes, o n'mg labor aad serviceto another, shall, oa being recaptured, be delivered . a n and the master thalt take him back to the placeWhence he tied.Mr. CARTER asked, if a slave was brought iato aFreeStatebvhismaster;aad that he theremadehis **cape would he b« sdmeet to the game law, aad lia- W» to be recapture d and delivered op to bis master ?wa^onj harness, &e.. valued at *350. They were o their way to Philadelphia with him.Fire at Alffier*, Xa.NKW-OBLEA>3,Wednesday,Aonl25,I860. Several warehouses situated at -Algiers, La., hayebeeaburced. Loss, ^70,000.The-Convention then, on motion, aojournad at noonbe fell asleep; but on trying to rouee him, he was found to be dead.—On Good Friday, at. Hull, England, eome of thegraph in a bnrkaquo vein for The Sangamon Journal.in which Gen. Shield was good huiaoredly ridiculed'forhiscoanocdon with some public measure. TheI do notb»*iev« th» caaiut wore over 'n bjm« oondu)oa for *o»«, nor, atace \Mt> oa w^oVu*** **&vai*no»'«*. «o <«onlr* •gabtit brtrtxaw, fro» wblob 1 trc»t rr» may • • <*•«*«»«4.•or tho aojUAouR«HKOtfol1y. joura,^ U., OattDNiCa. Early ibis mornfeg 1-jeklng vras co^nmeuced an icon-• -.:,• is-, v.m-.*.. •.;.•,,• , . < ; !Westecti 4*tfe*4fe*vH^W UIvon% douraal, ^ih.Republican party aie not opposed io the'recovery ofon Credentials voted against the admission of theunderstand tbat all the banks in Concord have hi-t nolee, and the Savings Bank theie, has a forged mort gage of some real estate owned by his wife, to secure it; she never signed it. ' A knowledge of hie forgeries was becoming too public, aad he knew that tho State Prison must be his home if he lived."'*Yes you did," retorted Gowan, and at the same time stepping op to McAedrew, ho sen-ed him by the «ollar. A scuffle ensued between tho two men, but before any of the other pereonB present decided upon iatorfuring, Gowan exclaimed, "I'm stabbed," and felltotbe uoor. Officers Caddell and Conner of the 8ixth Ward' werehimself before these old rata, tte fataers of the Kepnb- lic, and acknowlbdged that they knew hotter than he cid what wns aovesanry for the fn*;nre governm««nfc •of a great country. Ano what did tbey aay? Tbey said that ii a man owing labor and s^r7ice to anothershould efcape from tae State where »uch labor or ser- vice was doe, h» ?hon)d be returned to bis colter, ac- cording to the IHW of the State whence he tUd._ Tr.o words axe: " Tnat be shall be returned and delivered up.' Now, be tbonght tbat tho provisions of tbe Con- stitution were ajl-."iiuicibi;t to meet the wants and de- mands of Southern gentlemen, without any ameod- meat of t>>e ait of 1793 by the enactment of the Fugitive Slave law of 18J0. Forhiaown part, if heowaed the slave, and tbey escaped from him iuto an pany of Troy, aa stated ia a dtepatch from Albany. A declaration?. A proposition embracicg the leading oth^r State, he wonld a£?k no other law thaa tbat ofNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY,'APRIL 86, I860,"r~iii'i-fajiTMi»<.«fc ' • « ' »4i a v i ,BEEbsaaafcag v-y..ihaufh* aadTcoown Mia to do before on this Vx;XOSWpS^-V6i 8Jr. He understood th4 S^l*- THECHARLESTON CONVENTION. I priety of giving the National Committee pt>»er to oneof the men fired; just aa tho latter pulled the trig- Uocoln, told him bU perplexity. ' tad him TwroteA,fewstepsfurther^andHetbonghthewould maatoask-Howh«*Wifaumt«rtookhi*«**«*•"* able to shake hands with the gentleman from Ohio, voluntarily from Kentucky to Ohio* that thenhe wouM for thai then they would oocupy toe same pUtform. b« as mocha sUve as oewre, aud eafjoct to tae na<u.Ofrthe*pieceslipped,causingtheballettostrikethe it!'sa'dLincoln;asdUUhmhedid. Afteradealof name both the time and place of holding the Coavea- diplomacy to get a refraction of the offensive parte oftion.' '"•":";''"'.f;- •• ' '.' .:Mr. CORWIN*-It baa heome fashiooab'e for gen- jaw of rendition. In tbat cues he ans wersd no. When The Wood Relegation Ruled Out. The Committee on Credentials reported that the fatal wound. ,. if Semen in thru, as well as in the other ball of the Legie- be*po>eoftbe sla*e as property, be meant qaaliftVl * Jatore, to set themselves rfwbs and'to pay great re- iroperly, as dweihed in the Constitutioa—a m*a who | gard for what was called the "record" MOW, he owed ter^ce and labor to aaotber. He bold that Slav-which Lincoln accepted, n*eoed bw adswor^fl as the weapon*. *nd an u&frequeued, well wooded inland in the Miwfssippt, just below Aboo, as tbe «/««•- 'Old Abe' was fort on tbe ground, aod wbetf SnWda a r m e d be found his aoturon'st, his sword in out* ba«d and a hatchet ia the other, with b»s coat off. d'nuiof(parties, and suggests that some public demonstration away the underbrush! Bofoj* tbe or^I'mioary ar- rargrmerts were completed, John J., Hardin, wiio, somf bow, bad got wind of whet was afloat, appealedGeorgia, and Mississippi, and recommeads that oae«; gland, so he offered as a reference a man purporting to on tbe scene, called them both e d fools, aud by hUttbonght that it wonld be well for some atnocg U»m » U thef^ was no record of their acts. [Laaghter.j And \ if he was to be interpreted, and hla acts recorded ao- b corning to those mterptetat on*, it would be well for * him, humble as his acta were, if his were never to beerywasthecreatureoflocallaw. Hekuewthatthexvbt of a white man to work a black man, audho»d the deseeodanta of tbat roa^ as slaves, was tbecreature of local law, or laws of loc*l us-we. DEA TH OF A YEEMONT DELEGA TE presented. It was signed by the members of the Com- he made.recorded. {Continued laughter.] Fa order therefore, these bl*ck fellows wouli run away wheaaver theyThe frsmors of tbe Constitution knew very Well tnatlegislation, and not fit for a Christian people, he could with no immediate proppect of agreement. The o-morrow. • and the principle was well understood, and acted noon, firdinb's examination of the Constitution no power Cincinnati Platform, with a general clause declar-pened that he was a member of that Administration,fined him j£20, which, being unable to pay, he ia work- t&ken the editorial charge of Ti.t N. Y. lUiUlralcd Mr. Montgomery moved tbat the resolution for ap- ing out in jail. Thus all tbe pHXtieslost their charac- News.'fugitive negroes. There was not one in a hundred Softs, which will not much, help Mr. Dickinson,—Tl<c Milwaukee .democrat, in announcing the ap proacbing return of MYv Potter to his home, says that he will meet a cordial reception from persons of allm^>~ Tbe report of the minority of the Committee wasmittee from Alabama, California, Arkansas, Texas, —Robert Davia wanted a place in a family in En-eitiing delegates from New-York, Illinois, Massachu-setts, sad Maryland (the latter T. M. L*nnahan and AdmissionoftheJGorglaBMarylandMembers. RobertJ.B/aadt),areentitledtotheirse-its. ,.! CODttrnciion upon the laws, frcm the fact that there roperty was well understood everywhere, and was The Cincinnati Platform Repudiated* dentials was continued uatil 6 o'clock, when it was Mr. South. He bad no sooner entered on his duties know bow Genv SbieWs feels, but we have beard ofi wss the danger of th*t power"falling into the ecidedbythecommon laweverywhere. iKit could E i j n d s of a resident uofrie»diy to tbi> inMttations of be supposed that the negro was property everywhere,lite country. Ia '848, when General Taylor was and that he%mld be eeiz&d everywhere, it woull bo DOUGLAS'S NOMINATION REGARDED CERTAIN elected to the Presidency, this opiuioo of his became perfect nonpcnee to provide a law for his recovery,verto he an 0flM*»•with the ol<* Whig party of that dav. Ia consequence Srwdiog that the master can follow him aud take of ^as, dorfag the canvass of 1848. tVs opioioa was in back.Tery a»i>»»*l,y iacalcited by aiiaselfand his friends Mr. CARTER asked whether it wa? ia conseqa^nos in tie Northwestern S*au?, who advocated the election of the negro being property that the master could take; «f Gesexal Taylor, which opiuton was tba' the Preei- bim bac*, or whether it was merely inioudequeoce of^eot of the Uaitsd Spates shoald not exercise the veto him violating the sovereign law of the State from enpsiou, and the Convention only determined that two New-York delegations. opening—he robbed his master's plate-cheat, and made least of the consolations of tbat bincr honr."J popularly eatwrtained, especiallyclosedbythepreviousquestionbeingcalled.. thanho ascertained tbat a servantgirl in tho same Lincoln's fsyin?thattb*ac<*»pUuceof thech•I'etwre- - •was tbe me*>n<*t JrVing he er»«r did in bis life. Hardin,A vote was first taken on the Illinois question, and house bad £2(10 in tbe bank, and immediately began than ixh<Tn abravtfr man never wtood, never came oa*f the Douglas delegates were admitted. to make earnest love toher. She believed him to be of that terrible ebarpre at Bn^na Via«a, to orWch he ledthe 2d Rfgiment'of IDinois Volunteers. If the events Tbe vote was next takea oa the Maryland quest!an, an honest single man, when be was really a married of his life pass*d in oclek revhtw before b«s mind a* heI power exoept in cases wh*r* the act presented for his which he bad ti>d ? debate should be restricted to fifceen. minutes ordi-approval was clearly uncohstitotiuaaF—shit the power Mr. CORWIN thought that on this point none couldof constroVng the law rented vrith the people and their misunderstand him. If a negro is property in Vurg nia, narily, with a one hour rule on the Platform. If one-'Ihe States that voted Yea were:|NTorth Carolina, 5; off with the booty. He was soon apprehended and —The latest BOWS of Min Nb<htmgala in, that she i« Georgia, 10; Virginia, 3£; Missouri, 1; Alabama, 9; punished. Then it was discovered that the pretended soweak that she is compelled to remain in n recambenj Mississippi, 7; Texas, 4; Tennessee, 9; Ca'ifornia, 3J; Mr. Maitland, who had given the latter so excellent a position.Special Dtirpatob to Th« N. Y. Tribune.and Meesis.Brandt and Lannahan were awarded seats. knave, and thus fell into his trap. The bans were pub- Jay wounded and dvin r Io <bat fatal ravine, w« doubt A vote was then taken by States oa the minority re- b'shed, the day was fixed for tae wedding; fortunate'y not this set of bis, by which he- prevented t«ro really AH of the morning session was squandered in dis- port of the Committee to divide the votes between the for her', bowever, Robert thought he saw a better brave men from engaging m faxal stri/e, was not theCHARLESTON, Wedneuday, April 25, 1860.representatives in either branch of the Legislature— and he runs awav from the labor and servica ha owes tenth of those prepared to speak are beard, the Con-that it was the right of Coaxress a'ooe eUcted by the bis master, tbe Coneti'ution saya his master can follow vention will be detained till next week. There is a Arkansas, 3. Yeas, 55; Nays,210—so the Dean Ricu- character, bad none of bis own, nor even did the -^-According to Dr. Forbes Winslow, there are lapeople of al) the States, to determine the policy and him into Ohio, whither he has Hod, aud take him back; mond delegatesjffiere admitted, and tJhe Wood delegates name he bad taken belong to him. Accordingly he London J6,000 children trailed to crime; 5;fl00 re- propriety of tae laws—and that the Prestdeat was but if the master briags him voluotari'y iato Ottio, as general derire, however, to close the Besston by Sat- excluded. Tbe announcement of the result was re- was arrested. Before passing sentence, tho Jadge ceivers of utolen goodo; !5,W>3 gambler*; 25.AO0 beg"ceived with cheers and great excitement. i-aid: " I t is manifest you are one of those dangerous garer 30,000 drunkardu; 380,000 habitue? g*a-driokers; A resolution to admit the Wood delegates to honor- pests to eociety who live by supplying characters to 150,000 personssubsisting on profligacy; 5tf,D00 thrfevesnot booid to uf&x his signature to aay Uw which he he explained before, then tho maa had not escaped, nrdaj at the furtheht, and the previous question will heHered was unconstitutional. Very likely that pria- had not violated any law In that way, and he was free.ciple wss carried U an extreme; but it wa? upon That was the law of Oh'o. be called when the leading men of both sections that hypothesis that very generally the votes of Mr. ELIOT explained that what he said was that, have epofcen.able seals on the floor added to the excitement, bat the iervants of both sexes who are themselves unable to—Mr. George 8. PfdUipf, a writer known to the public by the %om de plvmc " January ffearle," ha<dolence witn hia fami'y was adop'ed. It was ;also re-Tecaptore and rendition or furtive slave*, whijh was it. But tbat did not touch the question. The Con- Leading Donglas men are willing to make almost solved to accompany the remains from the Mills House Rev. Dr. Gantett'B Society, in Boston, a ch*me of thir- County, have formed a Campaign Cmb^ to be kfcowna compromise of the law of 1793, was introdacod, and he at that time more than once mra'ioned to t'nc gentle- man who had introduced the Fugitive S'ave law, that he was grcatlv mistaken if he thought by th it meaaa of secnricg to the people of the South greater iacilitie* for recapturiag their runaway slaves than was afforded by the law of 170X Events since thea had provei that he wss right ia his judg- ment, for there .had been more runaway slaves recap- tared by the act of 1798 than had b^ea recaptured by the amended act of the law o' 1850. Ho believed still, as he believed tb*n, that it was a great mistake to re- place the law 1793 by that of 1850. He did at thepresent luxe, and always had enrert*iaed doubts as to the constitutionality of that part of the law relating to the appantofent of Court Commwioners under the Pugitrve Slave law. He was, indeed, very much disappointed that the la w did not provide that '»ua Commissioners should be appointed by the Presi- dent, with the consent of the Senite, for* he thought thea, as he did now, that tne Comaissioners acted, not ia a ministerial coaracer altogether, bat in eome sort ia a jud'dal capacity, aad tae-efore the necessity that tf>ose parties shoald h*»e beea se- lected by the President wuh tbe consent of the Senate. That was the doubt be ba<i ae to the caastituf.iona'ity of the law, which he yielded to the opioiona of his col-stitution was written so as to fave u-i from doubt,and in it the po wers of Congress were clearly defiued. any concession for the nomination, but the rural and tmong them was not this power; Mr. filiot quotedfrom a apeech of Daniel Web*ter, to the effect that the districts in Ohio- and elsewhere resist the Slave States themselves were required by tbe Constitution Code as more than they can carry. Several dele-to the boat immediately afttr the adjournment. Tbe Convention then, at 7 o'clock, adjourned.as "The National Republican Club" of tbe t»wn of North Hempstead, witbthe feHowirg officer*: Presi- dent, William Culloo Bryant; Lt Vice-./resident, 8yl- vanus S. Smith; 2d Vice-President, r>w%c H. Cocks; 3d Vice-President, Henry W. Eastman; Recording Secretary. Joseph D. Armstrong; Corresponding Sec- retary, Obadiah J*. Downirg; Treasurer, William S.Ely; Executive Committee—Oliver Titus, Chairman; John G»rdroDftux, John Volsor, Bonjamin Crxderdonk, and Samuel Willets.Tbe Committee on Platform have just repudiated thoto legislate for tho renditioa of slavee, and aot Coa- gations hud a conference as to tbat point last night Cincinnati Platform by a vote of 17 to 15, the South- any other chime in the countryr if not surpassing all.gre»s. He took Webster for his standard; but did not and to-day, with little harmony. th<nk it necessary to nullify the laws of Congress, orern Delegates demanding a platform that will not be liable to two constructions.—Tbe story runs that a gentleman living at St. Jo- seph's Island', out West, was engaged to- be married to a pretty French girl, and tbe barms were published in the Catholic Church on a certaia Sunday. The next day. a Yankee made a bet of $100, with a friend, thattbe interpretation heretofore.given to the Constitution. He inquired whether Mr. Corwin agreed with Daniel Webeter on tbat point ?Mr. CORWIN said he hsd his doubts upon it.Mr. ELIOT—Have thev been removed 1Mr. CORWIN—They are.Mr. EHOT—Very well. The gentleman, then, hasThe candidates are submerged for the momont inthe struggle on the Platform, which is to shape thecontest. Ultimately, if the Soutu gets all. that isasked, she may magnanimously yidd what is left. Carolina Delegations v^jjl \'o e for him. -Tbe New-York delegation is filled with the fol- light which Daniel Webster had aot. Bat nobody de- lowir>g members for vacancies: W. Johnson viceCHARLESTON, Wednesday, April 25—-II p. m. There appears to be abetter feeling between the North and South, and the Commif.ee on Platform a are laboring for harmony. .Tne large vote on excladiag the Wood delegation .is regarded as favorable to Douglas No one bat the extreme Southerners nowdispute his nomination.&a£er from Arizona. NEW-ORT.EANS, Wednesday, Aprd25,.1860,Advices ft om Arizona to tho 7th inBt. are reoeived. Tbe Corrveution at TUBCOU, for the organization of a Provisional Governmentj was very enthusiastic. Dr. Owingswas elected Governor under the new charter.PERSONAL.—The Montreal Cricket Club have just given an amateur thcatricsl exhibition, for the purpose of rais- ing money to assist in poyiog the expenses incurred in bricgirg the " All Ecgaud Eleven" to tbia country.—Mies Victcire Balfe, daughter of the English com- poser, and herself an artist of merit, has just been mar- ried at St. Petersburg, to Sir John Fiehnes T. Cramps tor, Bart.; her Majesty's Minister at the Court of Rus- sia.- Sir John, who succeeded as second baronet on the death of his father, the late Sir Pnilip C^ampton, Surgeon-General to the forces ia Ireland, in 1855, was formerly Minister Plenipotentiary to the United StateB, and ia now in bis 53d year, having been born in 1807.—•The London Press says that the ill-feeling be- tween the Blisters of England arid France became so personal iecehUy that a violent altercation took place at a great diplomatist's party immediately before Count—The Washington telegrapbic correspondence of he^would marry the girl himself. The mooey was The Cincinnaii Er.quhcr ba« the foliowioy it*m:leagues in the Cabioe*. Uoder these ciroaaustan^s, he benefit to be derived from a written iastead of a tra- to be equally divided for and against Mr. Douglas.was willing—though as ho bryi of'sn declared that he did not tee the necessit* or ex^diency of it, seeing • hai t h e Constitution itself provid* d ia tome shape or other for the recapture of runaway a-gross owing labor and service to a master—tbat the President s»hon!d giro his sanction to the biH. That the Constitution did in some way provide for tbe recapture of runaway slaves, be thonahtnone would deny." Now, wh*t would th»y gaia by having a written Constitution if they did BOO aoide by the luadameatal. principles of that C^nstitnUoa ? Tne fathers of the republic, asxbey caned the old men who bequeathed to tbem the Conatitatton, knowingditional constitution. The law of 1793'was jost aseffectual as that of 1350, withoat the coastituttonal ob- jcet'ocF.Messrs. CARTER (Rep., N. Y.), ELIOT\ and DA WES^Rep.. Mas>.) connverted tbe positions of Mr. Corwm, wno, in his further remarks, kept the Committee in remarkably good huuvu-. When his honr expired there was a general acquiescence that he should continue his speech.Mr. CURTIS wished to know how much time he wanted.Theie is hardly a reasonable doubt bat that New- York will go for Mr Douglas.That delegation, in a conference yesterday, bad a majority of nearly two to one in favor of the propo- sition allowing delegates to cast individual votes in StateB not instructed. This was considered a test, as tbe Douglas men claimed a laTge accession of strength by it; which, however, is found to be over•change bhoold be effected. Tbe mea who framedthe constitution enacted tbe law known as theact of 1793, and unr/er that law, .and under thatIt would not be long before M esachuaetts, follow-ing the example of Indiana, would paas a law pre- ventingfreenegroescomingthither; ax>daditwou'd him. Bepreferssabttantials. be with oth*r free States when they focal that theyecnetituticnf they bad iictd a*d prospered for fiftyor sixty >eare. For his own part, he humbled were going to have a aegro pauper population. TheThe delegate fr«,m California on the Committeefrom §J«,U0O to $15,000, iu amount, it is thought. The. aid addressing McAndrew dorired to know what hensmes of the sureties on bie paper are all forgod. We paid about bim, but the latter again reph'ed, "nothiog."Mr. CORWIN thought he would get through beforesource. In 18-18 he was called by the Emperor of FREE USE OF THE KNIPE—PUREST OF THEhow uncertain a thin; would be a traditionary Con- •the Chicago Convention. [Laughter.] H« made aome rated upon analysing both sides. stitution, determined that the ius'rument wb:oh se- good-natured hits at the South, which were <aUre-MURDERER AND ATTEMPTED RE3DUE. La^t night, about 11 o'clock, John Gowan, a laborer in the employ of the Corpoiation of tho City, io com- pany with James'Foley, entered the-liquor store of •—Tbe Six NationsIndians, iu General Council, have Patrick Mullen, No 107 Bayard eirect, corner of Bax- decided to give bis Royal Highness, the Prince of ter, and called for liquor, which wa^ frimished them. Wales, a gtand reception. Wh'de standing in front of the bar convereiog, two—The Spanish Minister arrived in Boston by the other men; named John Me Andrew aud Thomas Kvl-emed to the people the rights of fjee man shonldbe written dowa, acd printed^ aad tranam'tled to themastheemlxdimentof the prmoplosof chtrirorganic Uw.That watftbo great idea. Taey secured it aga nst thechanges which tbe great charter of the Eoghsu coosti-tntionsnihsred daring Uxe roigns of the Henna andEdwards, the Plautagene's, the Tutors, aod tbeStnjRts. Tcey knew tbat tie traditionary constitutionof Esglssd chaaged wita every fresh reign, juat as thew31 of tbe monarch de*irod; therefore it was thatthey determined that the cou«titation rbo.7 ha^l formed. ernment to deliver up thoee engaged in the transac- certain, unless with an acceptable platform for a and which they .bequeathed lo n«, -hoaid be fiied aaa tion ? If there was no other reason why this was not basis.China to Ptkin, and in 1851 he returned to Europe. His bock on the Chinese Empire gained him a prizo frcm tbe French Academy.Why not till the negroes South b«»caaee they don't scattering voteTin the South, but not to the extentcatch the fugitive » [Laughter.] Joha Browa got estimated. H'IB main reliance is on accessions a*ter up a seheme ia Chalbam to operate ia Vjrg*nia eon-t.ary to our laws. "Why not call on the British Gov- the second or third ballot, bat this is altogether un-America.—The Mancfiester Mirror giving the cause for the suicide of Mr. C. J . F . Stone of Plymouth, N. H.,dee. came in, and, approaching the bar, caBed for drinks. Mullen set about preparing their liquor, when McAndrew made some unintelligible remark.Million a*kcd him what ho said, but he replied,"notbiBg." At tbift moment, Govran taraed' aroundly to Mr. S'idtll on Sunday, but it was declined bygarde the person whom it involved that name could not be mentioned.—Mr. Macready bss been married to Miss Cecile Louise F. Spencer, granddaughter of the late Sir Wil- lifcm Beachy. Mr. Maurendy bae, if the records of bio birth speak correctly, attained his G8oh year; tbe young lady is cnly in her 23d year. Before leaving Suer-" He leaves quite a largo amount of forged paper—thousand who would undertake to repeal the presentlaw aad substitute State legislation. Everybodyknows that, wo woul-i not be in our present positionif it had not been for the repeal of the Missouri Cam-. a plfcnk intended to counteract the position taken birtime, to take up his reside/nce sleewhere, ho gave.a promise.The Committee roes, and tho House adjourned.Correction.Trior, Wednesday, April 25, 18G0.by tbe Administration concerning tae right of natu- ralized citizens abroad, and denying totally the doc- trine asserted in the Leclerc letter.The Committee on the Platform conferred several hours this moining, and discussed various resolu-attracted to the fpotby the disturbance, and upou-l^am- ing the facts of tbe case, took McAtdre w in custody.There was no injunction granted yesterday by JudgeHo^eboom against the World's Safe Iasuranee Com- tuns, but without agreeing upon any substantial—At a recent sale of autograph letters iu London, aletter of George Washington's, the President of the of a mortal character. The •woands, two io number,refexenct, was ordered to Geo. Van Saatford, esq., of Troy, to report upon its affairs. The Company is doing business a3 usuaLfea*ure$of the Cincinnati platform and Senate rea-» ing may rest on himself a&d family wherever they go."of tbe Colonial Government, to the Governor of Vir- ginia, sold for £15 10.The first was about an inch below the coUnT-booo^ but the extent of it could not be dietinctly ascertained; the second was in the left breast, arid in tbe region at the upex of. tbe fce&rt. The hemorrhage wao-en'-irely1793'ia his hands to follow hia sUvea into any other w State »f the l;r>ioa sad demand tbeir rendi ioa. "Every- body knew ibat by a " man owing labor and seryice to another" he meant io fact a eiave. If that slave fled from Yjr%inia into Osio his mas'er could followhim, lay hoJd of h»m, aod, under tbe Constitution, de- mand teat he be dehv*red up to him, aod none wonhi be fcund to depute bie right. Tbe Constitution to: this extent recogn-zee ihe man owing service and labor aapropeitj—qua'ificd propcity. Bat, if a man claim- ing property io a 3)ave foMows him inno Ohio, whither he may have ^ed, »nd a*toropta to carry him off with violet.ee, then he ouhjects himsolf to the operatioa of the Ctmrnoa law. But. nad«r tbe Coneli.atiOQ, a nia- aw»y ala've mxx^t be d«Uvered up by tho per*oa to' -whom he owes labor aod service pmving bi* claim to him, and tbi+ without any specific law aucb as that of 1850. The Judge before whom the c « e would be brought wculd haroly prononnce the Conetiiution un const.tatJcial, aad rcfut-e to deliver tbe runaway up.The ConisUtnticn does n'>t *ay tea* such a man shailbe disc* ar^fcd; no, but that he shall be delivered up;jaw was necepsary to the security of thejr rights in this respect. If a man owed service aad labor, and he escaped from the master to- whom r.vcih labor and service were;due, then I say the Coastitatioa provided for his recovery, and wben captured be must be ds Jivered up to-h")s rmiM^r. That was hia opinion. He 3Sr;jht be wrong, hat all he bad to say was tha^. the Conctitntion so provided, and so bad tbe law decided; and in that respect he did not think the Constitution was unconHttutional. (Laughter.J Now, surd/, in the year I860,' they were not going back, < and to say that the several Sates should legislate for cr aga;nst tbat law. He thought it hardly neces- sary tbat he should remind bis friends of the propriety of being consistent; not that it was aeceasarv thac men shcald be consistent, bat it looked better. [Laughter.] But when men como to speak of Slavery as a thing that Congress caa interfere wi'b they go right back from t t e traditions and priBcipiee of the fathers of the Republic Ii the fathers were right fifty years ago, feeing the Constitution appears to pro- hibit the extension of Slavery, was it not as likely that they were ri^ht in enacting the law of 1793 for the rendition of ruaaway negroes who owed Labor and service to their masters 7 If the argomsttt ia favor of one view of the ca<se were worth auything, they muet be of equal force in aipport of the other view. Now, the arvumeat of the Republican party wh'ch it was most difficult for the geatJemea from the South to get over was, that the men who framed the Constitu- tion construed it in that way. It was not, therefore, consistent to say that any of tbe fathers of the Repub- lic, the framers of the Constitution, did anything fa- voring Sl*v«xy. Now the lirot construction put upon the Constitution by tbe very men who framed it he thought was the best ar;d most reliable, and tbey held that it was the right-of Congress to make laws IOT the recapture Of run»«<ay slaves.Mr. CARTER (Rep., N. 2f.)_Do I understand the gentleman to say tbat a master can lay hold of a black mas whom he cal's his «»la^7 Caa he lay-hold of him i n O h i o a n d t a k e h i m o f f w i t h b i m s o l e l y o n t h e g r o u n d that the slave was his property 1Mr. CORWIN—If ae had time to write ia his ownoJEfice an answer to the qaeation, he would answer himat once in the affirmative; but he answered now withthis qnahficscion—that the master could do so, aad wa<enUAed to retake bie slave, because the Coaptation altemooB. He was arreBtod *or stealiog a horse would bo ready to make their report this afternoon.' friends, when his bead dropped, and, as they supposed,4»: ——Mr. Cobden has accepted £-10,000 subscribed by some of his Lancashire friends, but on condition ofS n o w a t O s w e g o .OSWEGO. Wednesday, April 25, 1360.Three inches of Know haa fallen sines midnight. It is now thawing. There ia a cold north wind. .Eartkqualte in Mayti. BOSTON, Wednesday, April 25,1860.The schooBer Sarah Burtoa reports the occurreBCO of aa earthquake at St. Mark's, Hayti, oa the 8sh iast. Not much damage was done.Election of Railroad 5>irector*j, TOLEDO, Wednesday, April 25, 1860.A* the annual elf ct^on of Directore of the Michigan in Territories until they form State Constitutions, - bis labors in 1810. The first prese made by him-wa3 Southern and Nor-hern Inoiana Railroad to-day, thein Southern m*a to suppoKe that the Fugitive slave following gentlemen were elected: Albert Havemeyer,, will probably be carried. They were concocvad at lor The London Tivics; thejeucoud for a paper atAt>en Campbell, Milton Courtrigh't, J. H. Ransom, acid Hesrv Keep, of New-York; El j*h M. Gilbert Of Utici, Hamilton White of Svracrse, Nelson Beardsley of au- bum, Sullman Witt of Cleveland, Joha S. Barry of Constartine, Michigan; Philo Mrrebouse of Elkha-t, Iud.; M. L. Sykes, jr., of Chicago, Wm. Williams ofBnflalp.At a subsequent meeting of the directors, EJ|nWa M.Gilbert was elected Preeident, aad M. L. S}«e8, jr , Vice-Presideat;The cfiicenj and eTrployef s of the Company have presented the retiring President, George BLis?, esq., a beantifnl fervice of silver plate, a gold-mounted cate, and a complimentary leiter signed by all tbe subordi- nate officers and a large number of employees.Union meeting at Xiancaster. LANCASTER, Wednesday, April 25,1860.The Constitutions! Union meeting and Coovantion met tbi* morning. Wm. Slingluff was chosen tempo- ral y chairman.Acjourx.ed till afternoon,John S. LHtell wa-» cho?en permanent President.An address was read confirming the principles of theparry already promulgated.Ti e f) lowa>g del^ga'es at large were appointed tothe Baltimore Conventi n: He»ry M. FaUer, Mark Munday, Abraham Markley, and C. E. Swearingcr.Washington, and contain every demand of the South.Tte Douglas men, since the accession of strength from the contested. States, declare their purpose to vote the platform down if offensive, aud reaffirmBerlin; tbe third for the State priatiog-houee of Prus- sia; while the fourth went over to America.. The resolution restricting epeakera to fifteen minutes Messr/. Jeeenh Ingersofi and Wm. Wright of Al- Tlnd but once on the sanie subject, was taken up, de-—The London Leader criticises Mr. Prentice's more strangers from the Five Points, or S'ng Sing, or " Wit and Humor in Paragraphs" with sevorfty. eomo other place, srid wonld* defraud the Germans outIt finds neither real wit nor genial humor in the collec- of tbeir representation. This same game had b-sen. played in the Twentieth Ward, whoro tho German. tion. " Jewels so manifefctly mere paste were scarcely Republicans were J>1PO tn tho majoiity. Tbe mootingT h e S p a n i s h W a r $teanit$liip P e t r o * to fifteen mirmtee on all subjects except the Platform,n e l f a uNORVOI.K, Wednoeday, April 25, I860.Escape of a Horse Thief. TKZNTON, Wedneeday, April 25. I860.,sentatives will apply, limiting each epsakei'Ho oae hour.were made " under tbe impulse of the moment."James Buckley, aliae Beebley, made me escape from two police officers from New-York by iamoia'g baud cuffed into the canal, 3\ miles south of Trenton, tni—Snliman | Pacha died suddenly at Alexandria, The Committee on Credentials announced that they FfOPt-j last month. He had been smoking with some" A groat deal of fun was had by the j ikera iuSpiinufield, about au affair iu which, long tiw« ag>,our good friend Lincoln, the candidate for the Presi-dency, wan engaged. A young lady of that city now Tbo OrM.,*V»]|,.y Co»«l U b«W *M«*> •n<1 *,-t "U4 U r»»4y the wife of a dibtinguished statesman, wrote a para- on tho We»to»n oi* tidon on top e«rlj dawn of ft. t^my m-»u\<^.for whom tbat State is instruct? d.The Committee on the Platform will insist uponThe nomination of Mr-Douglas is considered cer-tain. The entire Now-York and a part of the South v volntions was submitted as a. compromise, bat theSouth woold not accept it, and a numerical major-ity for it would not press a vote, fearing a minority thought it a good joke to put tobacco into the tea- banding over to^them a considerable, but at present intornal, and from the appearance of tho woundedplatform and distraction in tbe Convention.The d-legations from Pennsylvania and other S ates hold meetings to-night to instruct their members concerning tbe platform. If any portion of the South should secede oatbe platform, Messrs. Davis and Bngbt will be nominated.kettle, while a servant-^ hi was out of the room. Teh unproductive, property he bolde in that couoty. Tho man it did not seem probable that he wou>l live untilCHARLESTON, Thursday, April 26—1 a. m. Tbe last intelligence from the Platform Commit- tee is, that Mr. Bayard's resolutions declaring it theon Monday, the IGth inst.whether it is the ouo with which he committed' the Before CoDgress,' is rcaily what she believes to be the deed is unknown. At the suggestion of the doctor,the Cincinnati Platform. North to recede.They detire the extreme••••GKUMAN RKPUHLI<"AN CAMPAIGN C-uu.—A. meeting- of the Cerman, Repub?;can»of the Ninth, Sp'eenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Wards, organised into a campaign Club, took place Uet *vooiog,at >lie head- quarters of tbe Sixteenth Ward Republic ia Clab, iu Eigbih avenue, near Twenty-third »»tr«et, hie. Man- chat tho President, ia the chsir. Ro*oltrU'ms were p«fiscd condemnatory of the New-York Legislature for corruption gfnerallv. and of the bit* Sj>r*cus«r Conven- tion f' r not appoint'foa German deiwra<es to Obic*i<o. Mr. Wm-Kopp, Editor of the Nete Yor&er democrat, then made a lt>ng'hy addrt-ss reviewing tbe posiUon ofMr. I3racklow, IVeudent of the T«vauty-secondSpecial Diipatcb to The N. Y. Tiibuae.CHARLESTON, Wednesday, April25—11 p.m. The Wood delegation ia finally rejected, by amajority of 155 on a test vote. Even South Caro- spite of thcte, however, tho. man wrenched an ironlina voted against him, where he was born.REGULAR REPORT OF THE PROCEEDINGS. CHARLESi ON, Wednesday, April 25, i860.. The Co.uvtn:ion met at 10 o'clock.Tbe gallery was ciowded with ladies, and, on mo-tion, several hundred, who were crowding outride, were admitted to the floor of tbe Convention, occasion- ing much good feeling.handle from bis door, aud manaj; ed to cut his throat with it, POthatf'he died from the lose of blood. The woratn, in one of her lucid moments, aaid they came from Kentucky, but could not tell the town or county of her residence—A Cork paper, in noting the arrival of the North Briton frcm Portland, cruelly and angeographicaily lo- cates that fine iittlo city in Novo-Sco:ia!—As Mr. Eaton, of Rockport, Ohio, wasplowiugin bis field, not lonv ago, he turned up the skeletons of three persons. TAVO of these hud all double .teeth and all sound. The skeletons lay nonr together, oaly afootthe Republican pnrty, and pro^io^ that its nrinciplee •were tl-e tavae a«tbc*ec»»ntendod-for by thcvGormaos; it WHS now the genuHe Democratic party.died of apoplexy this morning.A resolution relative to debate,, restricting speakersspot, another waa plowed up. The affair is mysterious, aDd excitf s the people amo?g whom it occurred.TheRichard Singleton for tii* eeduction of his daughterMaiy, in Cincinnati. The daughter has since becomean abandoned character, and laet Monday night wasmarried to a negro named Winston, over 70 years of m!s»)onCr Gardner, dated at Lockpori, oa Monday—Senator Wigfall of Texas has an admirer. Montgomery (Ala.) AdverUtcr says he is " one 06 <tho A {Southern delegate demanded that there should- most original, racy, a»d fearless men of the times." It has been hinted that tho racy Senator's late speeches were made under atroDg«anrlutncoB; but tho authority just quoted gives a much more charitable and eatis- platform, andonthattheruleoftheHouseof Repre- fuetorysolutionoftheiroscimtricities,nayingthattheywas then introduced, aad a discaseioa thereon is pro-At. 11 o'clock the resolation was adopted, limiting speaking to fifteen minutes oa all subjects except theuntil 4 o'tloek.Tho Convention met at 4 o'clock.iGt-ncral was greasy incensed, aad demanded of! t!te A resolution to appoint a National Committee, to aot Nortbumberl^nd .militia were practicing rifle shooting; editor the nt<n>erof the offend.bg party, *Old Sim*•i \.Untitled Document- Mm. —ground; rebeaitfing, it etra«k the marker, inflicting a tbe paragraph in question, Shields sent achallefltfe,—The Hon. Jonathan Phillips has presented to the teen bells, for their new Church. The bells will boeast by Hooper &c Co., a t a cost to the purchaser of $6,000. Tbe largest bell is to weigh 4,000 pounds, and the makers promise that the whole shall be equal to—The Opposition of North Hompetead,- Qaeens 4—On Tuesday, Agril 7, Mr. Macready, who, till recently, baa resided a'; Sherborne, was united iu mar- riage, at the chaich of St. John, Durdham DOWD, Clifton, to Miss Cecile Loniso F. Spencer, grand- daughter of the late Sir William Beechey.public reading for the benefit of a Weslryaa Chapel iatre town, the selections being" The Lauding of thePilgrim Fathers, " Bridge of Sighs," " Dying Chris-tian," and an act from " Henry IV." After the en-terraiument, an Episcopal clergyman of the place arose,and after a complimentary speech proposed " that avote of thauL& he now presented to W. C. Macready, United States, written when a subaltern in the service were inflicted apparently with along-bladed jtck-knife. f sq , accompanied by a sincere desire that God's bless-Tine motion was carried with acclamation.—Two young men in'Carlisle, England, recentlypersons bad their tea made with the water in which large amount .invested in Illinois Central Railway the weed bad thus been boiled, and consequently they shares is expected to become realizable one day, how- were made violently sick, one of them barely escaping ever distant.w i h her life. .—Thoinstallation of the RVrt Von. W.'E. Glad-stone, as. Rector of Edinburgh r^iv^rritj, t jok place and tbat her incomorehenrible gibberish called ' Poeaia McAndrew was found a Jon^-bladed jack-knife, butdirect effusion of disembodied beings, specially com- various quick methods of printing, died. iuWarzborg mtiaicated to her for the regeneration of Italy ! This duty of tbe Federal Government—tbat is, Execu- at the age o; 70 years. He was born at \Yarletatmrjr, • its a fact, and one about aa painful as well could be; tive, Congress, and Judiciary—to protect Slavery and was an engineer by profession. Ho commouoid but there is no indelicacy in making it known/inas- mtich ae it is her particular wish it should be known ''—Herr Bauer, the originator, in Earcpo, of all thethe dying man was removed to the Hospital. was somewhat in liquor at the time.Cowanlovely and accomplished lady, at a^viilago near Cam- —A sir-gular and a sad affair happened the other day bridge. All passed off pleasantly enough; .the bridefrom the last county will be required to settle the ques- tion.at Buffalo. • A family arrived there, consisting of a man,' his wife, and two children. Both the man and the woman wereioeane, and both exhibited very nearly t t e same symptoms, their minds tending to similtr hal- lucinations, and ?heir irrational conversation being wpoh much the same subjects. Itw a s supposed that they had takt-n eome noaions drug. They were b'>tk conveyed to the fneane Asylum, and precautions taken to prevent them from injuring themselves or others, laand bridegroom were on their wedding t'mc, when,mirabile diclu ! it- was discovered that the marriagebad been an illegal one, and the clergyman probab'yliable to severe penalties for performing the ceremony.The biidegrooni bad never thought of providiog a li-cense; the clergyman never tbonght to ioqairo for it.So here were two persons married without either banneor license, and entirely contrary to the statute Iu thatcase made and provided. Here was a dilemma. Whatwas to be done? At tbe QV&. of three days a specialmessenger was seat after the happy coupla. Theirwedding tour was arreoted, and back they wereb: ought, when the ceremony was again performed inthe presence of the impoitunt little document-, the ab-sence of which bad been productive of so much mis-chief, aud the travelers resamed their tour, their sad- Ward Germ«n Cl»r», complained of the American—The London correspondent of The Liverpool Al- up by Sergeant Ert'erbrook. Upon the- person of bionsays tbat "Mrs. Barrett Browniog iu a medium,den and unexpected return bting kno svn to very fow persons.members of their ©tab, who. though greatly in tho minority, always managed, by hocus-pocus and trick- ery, to have things theV own way; wh<?u deWyatea were to be elec'*d, tbey would briotr m a hundred orAdditional help was called, and tbe wounded1 mauwas removed to the Sixth Ward Station-House, where * a doctor, who ex^mioedhis wound**, p^nouaeed themmorning.While tbe officers were on thoir way to the Statfon- Honse wi'h tbe prisoner, Kildoe attempted-to-rescue him; but was himueIf taken into custody, and lockedXb»8in tbat,tk«» u«^w oan«] ncxxtt* tbe Ma«-<ikc« h<a4oTfjr four e»t depth of trater on tonirdnT lwt. b*4at f^d «o«*A th* "Sint.  