 ;•" Intelligence OlHccs end Servants" is so just, and a'soorda sotruly with my own painful experience, and. that, doubtless, ofthousands of others, thut I hasten to suggest that some me insshould be taken promptly to place.our homes, and American do-mesticlifealittlebeyondthocaprice,insolence,badmanners,moialu, and dhty lt&bits of a fresh or stale imported Irish emi-grant. Tbe health and happiness of thousands, nay, hundreds of evor offered in all Pulmonary complaiutv. Vor sale everywhere. F. Perkins.ft.I,tperiod, under any previous administration. They rank week, in order to raise funds to conetrnct a balloon ina* follows: Superintendent of sanitary inspection and man, a meteorological observer, has made hundreds of -afternoon until next Friday. Should the business of Baker. On Thursday theMa-sbal was informed that_c»nEi>.HEDENBERG—In this city, on Friday, April 6. a t 10 p-m., of consumption, Charles T., youngest son of Francis L. and Mary B. Hedenberg. in tbe 27th year of bis age.Notice of funeral in this evening's papers. , St Louis, Mo., aid Bichmond, Ve,, papers please copy. LINDSAY—AtMfddletown,Conn-,<mThursdayevttolmz,Aprtt5, Mrs. Emily Lindf ay, wife of the Rev. Vxof.John W. Lind-say, and daughter of the late Dr. Thomas E . Bond.The funeral will take place to-morrow (8onday) afternoon at *'--.ttlI-Superintendent ata salary of $1,200 a year; also a clerkat a salary of $1,000 a year, and several other clerks,whose duty is to make a true record of all births, mar-riages,anddeathswhichoccurinthecity,andalsotowith a market basket, and purchased a quantity ofESCAPE OF A PRISONER FROM BLACK-WELL'S ISLAND charcoal. Returning lo her room, she had carefully to lend him *8C0 to »nve Ida paper from ruin. .This friend—aMAKING FACES.—Twenty-four Photographs for ter to master.'V10*•; t>.THBCITYINSPECTOR'SDEPARTMENT.CITYITEMS.Inr'anwrdan'c^"^^ the'ratefFew- of the tax-payers of our efty probably know what ahost^f subordinates purport to be employed in the Uity In»pectoT*» Department, nor the large amount ef moneynecessaryto paythem It is safe to say, however that a much greater number of persons are now under pay in that Department than at any formerThe Academy of Musk will reopen next Monday it is thought will be placed in Jersey City, H e will^n^]p^4xi^«^fi^^^4^^nm, door of this trap^dotor to tbeiifernal region's-rit waay••' ]MaffGcdUe^iyou3Ir..O--rr-rJ-f. This prayer waa nttered,by a woman, one who bad just seen her sister Carted away to Blackwell's Island, and to'Potterafield—It sounded in eaneet, but there was a bitter curl of the lip as she added, "Oh, he's very kind." Is it right to give such »J man the power over the body and soul of his customers 1 I have seen the employees in this place drive out his customers i n scores with a raw-hide a s large a s a small man's a r m , bocause_.tb.ey lacked money to pay, and became fierce for drink. He has been known to drive twenty females fipm bis store on a Sunday morning, afterDROWNED.—Thomas Keenan, a n elderly man, feU ,from a barge a t t h e foot of Jay street last evening. HewmsT, „ drawn out in a*ew mintrUs thereafter, and the stupid treatment <•tofcfc5gested b y t h e Superintendent o f sanitary inspectionand street ckaning. Many of these positions are un-known to the law; and if the work which theypu>todisplaya n yslacri'-y,exceptupon piy-days,a r eSSSSOS8SSitreet cleaning, 22; health wardens, with nearly thatnumber o f assistants, 2 1 ; street inspectors, several aerial voyagee, and expresses hie determination to un-dertake one across the Atlantic as soon as he can raisethe Department, however, require it, a special meetingwill be called at an earlier day by the President. SinceRocbelle W8S probably dying, and wished to see him.On visiting him the injured m an made the following a night's carouse, three or four of them as naked as when theynighi with Miss Patti as prima donna. Monday is her birthday, whsn she will be seventeen years eld.a- •Mr. John Wise wiU come to this city early nextpreach his farewell sernion to-morrow. .i'of rolling pn a barrel was resorted to for thepnxppse ofresusci- tatinr him. hut of com se without effect. H e died seen after. ' The deceased leaves a family at No. 113 Plymouth street.T>-> v .vMr. Strenahan, the usual weesly meeting of the Board wlich to cross the Atlantic Mr. Wise is an earnest of Police Commissioners was postponed from yesterday•'' '•:•?> ffji'-iv*slaughter-houseinspectors,anamberofmeatandpro- thefundsandconstructtheballoon. Itwouldbe thebillreorganizingthePoliceDepartmentwaaintro-coweeeion:. , ; ',U ^'•"7. Je*n Baptiote La RochelK now in theNew-York Hos- «itol, bciDR informed by the House Sargeon, Dr. A. T-Bell, an-i Vellevtag that I a<n about to die, do affirma'folWa: A t abont inree weeks prior to the oecnrrence of the fire In the crock- ei-7 store of Dedace and Corne Morren»ett. situated at No. 238 Greenwich street, Deduce Morressett suggested t o m e that ho •wanted t o bum out hte store, as the mui next door was doing a beticr business and vansing h i m t o move away. This contem- plated burden wa» hinted at from ti<ne to time on the week p<ior to the occurrence o f t h e fire. Dedace MorreBaett asked me t o net scire camphene Me gave me a glass jar and 56 cents to g e twere born. Why.not shut np such holes as that at Crown's Cor- ner.Thewholeneighborhoodwouldrejoice,andanotherstepbe taken toward the regeneration of the Five Points, to which novision inspectors, not less than a dozen night-soil-dump*ing dock inspectors, with a superintendent; a large lecture publicly on the system in.this city. number of distributors of public ordinances, and n o tduced before the' Legislature, there has existed a general apathy in the entire force, and little else ha3 been talked of by Captains, Sergeants, Patrolmen. Doormen,well, we think, as a means to thia end, if he coulddectnt person would object.?•••••."••»: 4B..E.B. /kss than two, in some cases three persons employed at - PnACTicAt. EDUCATION.—It musfhe gratifying to Detectives, Clerks, and others, save the proposedDIAL O F T H E CORPORATION CLOCK. TotheEditorofTheN.Y. Tribune.SIR: In your notice of the City Hall clock to-day, a slight error occurrs, which we crave your permission to correct. I t is not by any decision o f the City Fathers that w e send across the water for ground glass dials, bat because we find that American glass is liable to crack with the great changes of temperature to which an illuminat* d dial is exposed. It is only on this accoanl that we import them from England.- We fancy that yon did not notice the movements of the hands very particularly if you th'nk that they told the hour with only "a toicrable degree of correctness," as they were not put on until after t h e clock had been running in the cupola for a suffi- cient le-gth of time to regulate it, and its variation from the true time during several day s previous to attaching the outside hands,o'clock, from the residence of her brother-in-law, Wm. B .,. Skidmore, No 36 Cllntoi place. T h e friends of the fainily *t» invited to attend without farther invitation.•,.'•; markets—Reported by Telegraph. CBA»XB»TOX, April 5—COTTON—Sales to-day,. 800 bales; the-each dumping ground as inspectors of manure, streetsweepers and cartmen for the removal of manure andcoal-ashes, and,what hasnetbeen known atanyformer time in street cleaning, grafter gangs formed inall the Wards? This, last is tbereetrtt of a plan sug- of Mechanics and Tradesmen In 1858 established free hold-easy positions, and who have never been knownthe friends of education to watch the steady advance of the movement to disseminate practical knowledge among the mechanics of this city. The General Societychanges called for. by the new act. It is the generalyears, has been endeavoring to impress our citizens anduptoth*timeof hefire. Atthotimethematchwasapplied missioners, a* it is confidently asserted that none of the to the cimpbene, Dedace Morrfcsnett, his brother, and another troller's-office,however,itappearsthatthegreatma-withtheimportanceofgivingpracticalinstructionto presentincumbentswillbefurtherhonored.The manandmjsel»wereintbestore.Nootherperson.woathere.Iness for themselves. ' _V«w-York, April6,1860. ,Y our obedient s«rvants, SPERBY & Co.he done. From the monthly pay-rolls filed in.the Con-jorityoftheseBupemumeraries,appointedastheyareat officeof Deputy-Superintendent is abolished,andthesaw the other man ; whose name I d o n o t recollect) apply thematch. Morressett told m« to vhrow my coat on the fire. I didso, ard in doing it I capsized ODOof the jarB of camphene, whichmuBt have spread itaolf ovcrmybootB, and which aatur*teimowiih camphene so badly I took fire and ran out of the atoreon girls. When one of the latter advertised for a place, the old fully fair. Molas.es 38®3j3c ...•.•>tbe sidewalk in a blaze o f fire. Before my escape from the store man would call, and hire her t o g o t o t h e country, pretending CINCINNATI, Ap«i 6 —FLOTXR firm, and unchanged. WHI8KT. IrecollectthatDedace Morressettpushed meb*ckagainstthe thathelivedin New-Jersey orLong Island Theamountof dull,anddeclinedic.;salesat18ic PROVISIONHwithoutchange. fire I think his object was to barn m e along with the store. wsg«s was with him no consider a ion. Under pretense that he MONET market without alteration; good paper discounted at 10 Dedace Morressett, a* an inducement for me to assist bim in the could not readily change some largo bills that ho had he wouldmechanics. M r . Miles, while President of the M e - the instance of the Aldermen, who after all have the chanics' Institute, generously sustained free claseesforAUREST OF A MEAN SWINDT.EH. — For several woek sum up 51,000 bales, and tbe total exporta to date 1,648/XK) months past numerous complnints have been made at Police boles. Receipts at this ports ahead of last year, 423,500bales ; Headquarters against a well-dressed, middle-aged man who h a s do. a t all ports 766.500 bales. Stock, 441,500 bales. FREIGHTS been extensively engaged in swindling the better class of servant and EXCHANGE unchanged. SUGAR dull at 6i®7ic. for fair to •new officers will be a Superintendent, Inspectors, ray in city inspection, give little or no service for the apprentices with his own funds. After years of labor Captains, and Sergeants.- liberalealaries wbieh they receive. Ever since a very rhort thee after his appointment, the present City Ia-in the cause, he has the satisfaction of seeing both t h e General Society of Mechanics and Tradesmen and the Cooper Institute sustaining free classes, not only forBOARD OF ALDERMEN.—A meeting of the Board of Aldermen is to be held on Monday evening, when the street-cleaning contract will be confirmed if th e Con* troller and City Inspector are prepared to report upon thelastbid."-©lOJ %>" cent. SIGHT EXCHANGE on New-York for gold, un- changed.. s o d>ep f .<jaeeuo: Momeaspector has been unabla personally to attend to theduties of his office. Indeed, apart from his constant apprentices, but for journeymen; thus leaving no ex- confinement at home, it is not known that he has cuse for those disposed to acquire a practical educa-matter, promised to start me i n a little place by myself. I have borrow what ready money the girl had, and volunteer to carry been acquainted with Dedace Morreseett about ten or oleven her trunks to the boat or depot, where she was to meet him inMOBILE, April 5.—COTTON easier, but quotations unchanged;, sales to-day, 1.CC0 bales.COMMERCE O F BALTIMORE. BALTIMORE, April 6,1860.cot on] marked adherer EDgkr>. •which 1United kve ol •**pluckadopt dtimouy, .sSidicvextenot frame-? brulhuii doge nn< feciJy & him iu I •the prei leagne bim, tb "**confiiWo •eonche* bacjv to held, •«much Ittorieu. • C c u a t i t i from th tothe] tat at;oi.oftheu •ofaf>u> infititutiwe coni prejudk btai.i UJ poeingt erywhiHod DKAI €hatIb amah that I i meot,ii ^wberei a word tyinatizc&e -eet ai;«iioonvin soonerInEl of each Wbwt1184H,a a ehori apoliati the toil ation h poor to jeaw, i'ranavert an e baeb< wehever claimed by himself, nor has H been claimed by his tion, and thereby besomo thorough masters of theirfriends for him, that he has any knowledge of sanitary traces. At the Mechanics and Tradesmen Society thenecessities, or of sanitary mattsrs generally, or that he class in Mechanical Drawing is under the charge ofcomprehends the great importance of the Depirtmont Mr. T. D. Stetson. He is also engaged at the Cooper Trustees of the Central Homoeopath!o Dispensary, No.years. I am 52 years of age and was born in Montreal, Canada, lam sure, of my own knowledge, that Dedace Morressett, his brother Come Morr«-s»ett. and the other man, were concerned together in thewillful firing of thesaidstore. Thefirewaa done for tbe purpose of obtaJnipg the insurance, and also to get satisfaction o>t of the man who kept the crockery store adjoin-on hour or two. Among the girls thus swindled recently, w a s Catharine Hughes, w h o lost $20 in money and clothes; and Bridget Hynes, who lost clothes and money to tho amount of $35.Tho case was given into the hands of Dectives Roach and Pool, and by a clever ruse they soon found the old man, and took him in custody last evening- The prisoner gave his name as Edward Jackson, and stated that he had bsen in the employ of Mr. Wool- gey, and otherw*ll-known citizens for many years pwt. He waa tok*ntoPoliceHeadqnarters, andconfronted withtwoofhis victims,whoreadilyidentified him.After confessinghisguilt hetoldthegirlshowassorryforthem,andwiththemostimpur- tnrbahle grsvity and coolness, wanted to shake hands with them. The accused will be detained at the Detective Office for several days, to give all the girls who have been swindled, on opportuni- ty o i making their complaints..ValueoftheExpo»tsfortheweek Increase of Exports......Value of the Imports for the week. Increase in Import*.$106,000 42,310 220,000 23,795!"T•.',at the head of which he hasbtsen placed. So far as ap-pears,heismerelytheagentoftheAldermentofirmouttheplacesunderhimtotheiradherents—thatheisbut a mere lay figure, doiog the bidding of those whokeep him in office. But were he ever so much hia ownmas'*r, it would be impossible for the business of theDepartment, .requiring as it 'does such active saper- noon, about 2 o'clock, Mrs. Margaret Braseell, residing15EattEleventhstreet,havejustrenderedtheirsixth annualreport,whichsetsforththatduringthesix yearsoftheexistenceofthatinstitution,endingApril lat, I860, 5,445 cases have been treated, and 15 343 perscriptions given, of which 941 cases treated, and 2,- 449 perscriptions given, were within the past year.Passenger*ArrivedInstitute. The Architectural Class ia taught by David Paton,A.M.,formerlyassistanttoSirJohnSoaneof theRoyalAcademy,GreatBritain,andlatterlyState Architect of North Carolina.Witrjeiaedby AIEX.T.BKII^M.D.,HouseSurgeon,N.Y.Hospital. THOMASB. WARD, M.D. N.Y.Hospital.On beingconfjonted wi'.hthetwoMorressetts, Kochelle identified tbem both as the men referred to in bis confeesion. The prisoners declined asking him any questions, and were then remanded to the Tombs.MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE.—On Tuesday after-XrjflATIJRB ALMANAC5:33 | Seta. 6:30 { Moon—Rises... 9 12.jpf $1,500*3 Mr. Corbitt.trf toe M.TE. Church, Mr.^Corbitt. wiU'^ *TCmoyed to some otiierparish by the approaching Conference, andCONFESSION tip AN iNCE^DiAtfx;—A shorttime since the 'Wfi^^^^'Mi^^^'^^^ Morieasett, No. 233 Greenwich street, was'iconBumed by firei : A man named Jean Baptist* La Rochetle, w h o was" i n th e place atthe time, was soseverely burned as to render his removal to the ^Hospital necessary.. I t w a s sus- pected that the proprietors of the store had set fire to theplace for the purpose of collecting the insurance, and they were arrested b y order of Fir^>. MarshalTins latter w a s thjf«w?i;©ai, a*dr con»ld*r*bly injure*. * M r .Cbaunc*y was thrown with'jgr«tt violence on the the pavement,aM^% andwetalsobadlyhurt. Hmvehiclewasshatteredbeforethe A.i>,TMACij*^«?- »fiVTnej<. tbongh contain * . arnhor' no^be,ocraticdo not ., -*--Bnbject, !o . ' V«Oni{flt;fi:••'••*Jwerepiv••"'•''•'• - i• »tenuonTherec*ongne, Thia.vt,.mix,_. i&avt* •will nohave bnpie, in iJSt:'bck/Ife'C-'Henry of Jetltoue,it «' : ;,?Jiterary : »ner at'" the W«.J X-•'••• 3 m o « n*?.THE POLICE COMMISSIONERS/—At the request oftheme of conversation throughout the Department, andnoBfcrict attention will be paidto buBinesa untilthemarketisunchanged:salesofthew»ek,7,400bales;receiptsof » the week 7C0bales. RKOBirra slightly deoiinod,matter is definitely settled. Members of the force who Sue gallon of camphene. I went to a store in West Broadway, on the west si<!<s near Thomas street. I took this camphene to tbe store and gave i t t o Dedace Morressett. He put it•awAy i n tbe utoie Romewhere. The n^xt day or two afterward Dedace s<>utmeforanothergallonof camphene, giving nn the money and a similar jar to briog i t in 1 went to tbe same store for the be an overhauling, while others are content- with the gallon of.camphtsue. I took it to the store and gave it.to Dedace the Society is mainly due to the efforts of Mr. William Worrewett. He took it from me and put it away in tbe store. O nPHitADKLPniA, April 6.—FXXITJKunchanged. WHXAT better.' CoBNfirm. PROVIHIOSS firm- WHISKY 2ii^22Jc.BAi/riMOKB, April 6.—FLOPS, quiet; Howard street < 5 75)3 $5 871. WHEAT scarce, and in demand; White at $ 1 55® $1 70- Red at $ 1 42®$1 45. COKW buoyant; WhiU 73c.; Yellow Tl'S72c PROVISIONS •toady, and prices unchanged. WHIRKT steady a t 22§c.N»W-ORI.KAB8, April 6.—COTTON marretduIL The receipt o f the Kangaroo'* advk-s o.used less firmness in the market:, sales to-day 5,000 bales a t lOJ^llc. for Middling. The sales o f the week added up 50.000 bales, and the'receipts26,000bale* Birainst23,000forthesametimehutyear.Theexportsoftheclasses for instruction in the Mechanic Arts, which arestill continued at the rooms of the Apprentices' Library,Broadway. This progressive movement on the part of quaking in their shoes Some rejoice that there is toport to do is really performed, the fact is as obscure tocjt'zeus as the authority under which it is assumed to Miles, a well-knowe leather-dealer, who, for many tions are indulged in as to who will be appointed Com- como off that niRht. I wa*»In and out of the store that afternoonpreeent condition of the Department. Many specula- thedayofthefireMo/res«ettstatedtometbatthefirewaato wasinsideoftensecondsa'day.'Weneednardlytospeakof this, however, as we expect our citizens to Judge of its correct-THE CENTRAL HOMOEOPATHIC DISPENSARY.—Theing. Signed,Jj)ril9,W0.JEAN BAPTISTS L A ItOCHJCLLE.PICKED H IS POCKET.—Catharine McCann was ar- Sin—Rises The total expenditure for the six years was $1,365 31, - CHAKGKD WITH. MAVHEM.—A colored mannamad rested yesterday, charrgejsd with having picked the pocket ofHIGH WATBR THI8 DAT.vi*ion, to-be properly attended to by a confirmed in- at No. 177 First avenue, left her house, statiug that being about 25 cents for each case treated, and 9 cents William S. Watson appeared before Alder nan Smith Stephen Johnston, reslidtling at N o . 62 Easst Broadway. O n Sandy Hook... 8:30 I Gov.Island... 9:20 I Hell-Gate.11:01-valid.The Superintendent of sanitary inspection and streetcleaningis-eecondincommandofthisdepartment,andshe was going to tnke a walk to the East River, which for each perscription given. This is an example ofat the Tombs yesterday morning with a piece of oneThurtday evening Johnston was in tbe saloon at the corner o! Broadway, arid Eighth street, when Catharine entered, and the two were soon engaged in conversation. .While sociab y chat- ting together, Catharine inserted her dexterous digits into Ste-was a customnry thing with her, for exercise. She hasnot been heard of since, and it is feared that she hasfallenintotheriver,ifshehasnot,inatemporaryaber- pensarymaybesenttotbeTreasursrandSscretaryMARINEJO XTMNAL.receives a salary of not less than $2,500. H e has re-tainedMspositionforsevenoreightyearsthroughva- rationofmind,towhichshehasbeensubject,goneout B.F.Joslin,jr.,No.72UniversityPlace.worth$40. OnbeingarrestedCatharinecon'esaedtohaving These two worthies have been employed, about Wash- perpetrated the larceny, and returned a portion of the money. ingtonMarketforsometime,butyesterday morning ShewastakenbeforeJusticeKelly,towhomshestatedtha*.shePORT O F NEW-YORK.Cleared.APRIL 6.riousadmiaistxations. Itisgenerallyconcededthiihisisthe How Not to Do It of the Department, under whosekindlyeareNew-York,whilespendingvastcamsfor hadonablackdreesandshawl,andwhitecap,whenhaving arrived at a slight misunderstanding, they un-THE SHAD-POLES.—The work of removing the dertook to settle inby a resort to thefioticart. WhileJ e i w . y s h a d p o l e s w a s r e s u m e d y e s t e r d a y m o r n i n g . s o e n g a g e d , S i m m o n s c o n t r i v e d t o b i t e o u t a p i e c e o fThe Magnolia and her crew of Harbor Police officars Watson's ear. Tho colored Feejeian waa arrested and of charcoal, who was killed o n Thursday af.ernoon b y falling Creighton, Glasgow, F . McDonald S Co.; Jane Daggett, Lam-of the city. Search has been made in all of the public institutions without getting any tidings of her. SheIBas 19 years old, and " an unfortunate girl by occupation." was committed to answer. • •S h es h e l e f t .S h e w a s G2 y e a r s o f a g e .q u e s t y e s t e r d a y o n t h e b o d y o f H e n r y N . L u b k e m a n n , a v e n d e r S h i p s — C h a s e , E d w a r d s . C h a r l e s t o n , G . B u l k l e y ; J . B e l l ( B r . ) ,"street deaning," has become the most unclean city in theUnion.There are twenty-two Health Wardens, and proba-bly as-many assistant**. Theformerarepaid$3perday,andthelatter$2or$250perday,bothap-pointed at the dictation of the Aldermen without re-gard to their competency for the duties. They are sel-dom to be frond at the City Inspector's office where formed the meeting that an American gentleman, re- to about forty pole?, which, saying nothing about the the corner of Fulton street and Broadway. He gavefrom his wagon. Tbe deceased w a s driving through Delanceystreet,whenhelosthis balance andfell tothepavement,bywhich h e sustained injuries which proved fatal in a few hours.TheJuryrenderedaverdictof"Accidental Death." Thedo- Co.;Titania,Appleby.Baltimore, ArrowsmithJtBoll:Republi- ceasedwasaGerman,agedabont40years.FRENCH REPUBLICAN CLUB.—The members of this Club,whoarepursuingwithunabatedzealthsfurther- anceoftheRepublicancause,metonThursdayatning their devastations between the Battery and Bed-their rooms No. 618 Broadway. E. E. Farrene, editor of L'JEpoquc, occupied the Chair. M . Farrene in-of the poles somewhat more difficult than on the pre-[A-dvertUement JDR. SWEET'S INFALLIBLE LINIMENTsiding in one of the counties of this State, had sentthe alert, for nuisance?, which it is their duty to have him a list of the French, settlers in his neighborhood the havoc of Thursday, amounts to $840. I t is s»id could not get by. ' The puseengers endeavored to in-DK. SWKKT'S INFALLIBLE LI^IMKNT Cures Cuts und Wounds immediately, and leaves no scar.I Advertisement J.A PURE HOLLAND GIN, IN BOTTLES.WOLVB'S PURE COGNACBRANDY, INBOITLEB.WOL^B'S PURR VO«T WINK, IS BOTTLES. WOLKE'KPVRESHKRRTWI^K,INBOTTLE*.W o Lira's PURE MADKIRA WINK, IN BOTTUSS. AlliheaboveWinesandLiquorsareimportedandbottledbythe»ub*criberformedicinalandprivateuse,andarewarrantedeconomy which coamends itself to public institutionsandriggersstartedoutshortlyafter 9o'clock, begin-committedtotheTombstoanswerachargeofmayhem.bert, Glasgow, Dunham ic Dimon. Bark—Ariel.Cheesman,Port-au-Prince.Brigs—Charles Miller, Brewer, Saguale Grande, R . P . Buck ic.loe'sIsland,andcontinuingdowntowardtheNarrows.ANABTJSIVESTACKDRIVER.—On Thursdayeven- ingthedriverofi^tageNo.5oftheEast Broadway line, running to the South Ferry, having a good loadcan,Covill,Mobile.Post, Smith&Co;Avondale,Dix,Ells- worth, C. 4t E. J. Peteis; Brothers Blnisdell, Norfolk, MetcaLC ic Duncan; Burmob, Ober Fernondina, Nesmith it Co.Schooners—Hernaon, Gaskill, Wa»hinjrton. Brown & De Ro«- s*tt;W. A . GritTen, Borden, Granada, J. W . Hubbard & Co.; Electric Light. Borne, Eli/abethport, Miller & Houghton; New- Jersey, Van Name, Savannah, Van Brunt it Slaght; Montezuma, Turner, Caitine, R . P . Buck &. Co.; M. Fillmore, Chose, Boiton, S.W.Lewis&Co.;M.Stedman.OoodalLFernandina,C.B. Dibble ic Co.; EmpTe, Howell, Norfolk; T . W . Thorn, Davia, Fall Biver.Sloop—Gleaner, Coleman, New-Haven, master.Arrived.Steamship Kangaroo (Br. screvr), Brooks, Liverpool March 21, andQuecustownTZa,mdse.and347steeragepass,toJ.G.D*lto. March21,11:50a.m.,passedtheRock;stnoon,passedAm.shipThewaterwasratherrong,andrenderedthefishing••vious day. Altogether, the day's enterprise amounted of passengers, Jefimd to carry thorn farther down than Cures Toothache in one minute.nets,representedthesumof$240. Thissumaddedto asareosonthattherewasafirebelowaadthathe that the entire loss already sustained by tbe fishermen duce him to go down Green =vich soreet, but he refusedcomplaintsareleftfortheirattention;noraretheyon abated. And it isalleged that nuisances, when printedout\othem,are seldomremoved untilthe questionofperquiwti*shasbeendulydecided. Theyarenotre-quired,asheretofore,toreport,dailyinwritingattheoffice,thelocaK'iestheyhavevisited,andthenui-sancesabated.Thec>nscquenceis,thatpilesofanimaland vegetable matter are allowed to remain on the Jersey, whom he hid recently visited, under the im- tery, which were firat rem >ved by the Commissioners, stated in a most indecent manner. The passengers Kor sale by all .druggists, grocers and faiit-stores in the United 49, at noon, passed steamship America, from Boston for Liver-TheStreetInspectorsalsoreceivetheir appointment waspassedwithoutopposition:o'clock a fire broke out in the thrae-story brick build- that overflows BARNUM'S MCBETJJ*, now, daily and nightly, to Ship MoLtank, French, Sag Harbor 2 days, in ballast to behold the famous WUAT is IT; to witneis that alternately master.at the instance of the Aldermen. The salary is $18Jieolctd, That th« txUting laws on th« observance of the Sabbatharesufficientforall purpotes;that, therefoie,we con-who desired to correspond with the Club: He thought thatifeverytrueAmericanwoulddothesame,allthe FrenchoftheNorthernStatesintheUnionwouldcor- respond with the Club, and vote with the Republicancannotbelessthanabout$3000..Yesterdayno resist- ancewhateverwasoffered;butitappearsthatthereis agooddealoffeelingmanifestedamongthefishermen."todoso. Hefinallydrovethem down Nissan street toMaidenlane,when,findingthat thestreetwaa blocked,he wheeled around anddrovebacktothe Parkbefore he;wouldItthiapassengersout.Oneli •',; -party. Healsoinformedtheaudiencethathehad ItwasstatedthatMr.McLaughlin,whohadseveralfound the Fiench population of the Sf:>te of New-sune day. 10 p m ., exchanged siznala with Delgany, bound in; lay, 10 n m., exchanged signals witEpression that the Republicans weie in favor of estab- lishingaSundaylaw;andthoughbeknewwell that such an idea was not entertained, j et it was difficult totilnten.UDOLl'liO WOLFB,Nos.18,20and22Bearer-at.pobLSteamship Mount Vernon, LayfMd, Washington, Alexandria,Ice.,md*e andpass,toII.B.Cromwell&Co.Steamship Patapsco, Vail, Portland, mdse. and paw. to H . B .Cromwell ico.Ship Uarvent Queen, Young, Liverpool 41 d*ys, md*e and VIZpass,toC.R.MarshallfcCo. March17,lat.4054,lorn82,sig- naled ship Orefolberrc, from Bombay for Liverpool, 85 days out. TheH.Q.was13d*7*IntheChannel,withheavy weather; since then light wind* and calms.ShJp Moruoon (of New-Bedford), Baker. Chemlela Bay,W«eb COSKIofMexico, Dec21,logwood,ice, toGalway,Caaaadok. Teller.Ship Pacific, Hull, New-Orleans 11 days, sugar, beef, A c , t o Wm. Nelson ic Son.streetsand in the alleys for days and weeks, to the det-ranertofthepublichealth. Sewersareobstructed,and axe permitted to send forth from their subterraneanpassages the most noxious and deadly gases. The dead eradicate it from their minds. M . Farrene expressed planted on the Jersey shore. Yesterday a number ofwere finally forctd to leave tbe stage, and the driver proceeded on hie up trip.STRAMNG TELEGRAMS.—Officer Doflyof the Four-teenth Word yesterday arrested .a young man named•x •animal contractor's pier is not unfrequendy in a most disgusting condition. There animal matter remains rot- Ung and fermenting, and no Health-Officer orders itsremoval beyond the city limits. In brief, the perform- ance ofduty which is well paid for seems to b e inci-dental rather than a matter of course.theopinionthattheSundaylawhadassumed,inthe eyesoftheforeignersingeneral,quiteapoliticalas- pect, and seemed to be blended with the most import- antquestionoftheexclusionofSlaveryfromtheTer- ritories. After a protracted debate on that subject,M. Manyx proposed the following resolution, whichsbad-poleB were taken to the foot of Hudson street,[ Advertisement. ]SPIUNG BUSINESS SUITS, from §7 50 to $18.Black Drers Suits, from $12 to $25. BltckFrockCo.ts,from$470to$16.Business Coot*, from $ 3 to $10.Cnsitimere Pants, from $ 2 to $ 6 . W»tsofallstylesandmaterial*,from$150to$4.GEO. A. HUNTER ic Co., Mammoth Clothing Warehouse, Nos.290 and 292 Bowety, between Houston and Bleecker-st>. [Advertisement.]TheYoungMen'sRepublican Union,who areper-bytheordinance. Fraudsarealsosaidtobepracticed Shehadoftenboggedofhimtogiveuphiabadness, pyinsrthebasement,alsosnttaineddamagebywatar. trud?,superiortoanyever offered before,will befoundatour W.hasexperiencedstrongnortherlygalesnearlytheentirepaa-Stnyveeant Institute, have engaged the large Hall of grca: Manufacturing Depot. inthedeliveryofticketstocartmenformoreloads theCooperInstituteforFridayevening,April13,for anddosomethingelse,butbehadrefusedtodoBO.•ThebuiloincrovvntdbyMr.Hallwaadamagedtothe opposteNiblo'i.than they have removed. In this way the City Treas- On Wednesday morning, a disagreement occured be- I amount of $300. . -• an address by the ttaunch and chivalrous leader of the mRemoved to N o . 579 Broadway, WARNER,PECK4CCO.aafe.BarkFlorida(ofPhiladelphia).Munday,Cienfuegoa21daya,sugar and molasses to John R. Dow. Sailed in company witb,barks^ Charles Edwin, Osprvy, and E . Foster, for New-York. The F has exporieuced vury heavy weather on the coast..featw tbe r e pro]eraneut,' Yoo tion fr Iani o •ceitaJi louga ocenpimore J "Woilc polity -caHiiii' -will t will b witbi ingbai buuer eorjuc-t fairly tbeb bimt4^thatit ami]] •years a lutl feren handi •ecua be, d the xteste 5a getO&Oigt"gin tc allis' gland 801)8 i Unitenext themmy nhelp: Oove and d•fcthe . m'no:wber ple.V or e«iv aLefjfijatij>rea< «erv; xsnti and;obanof hotbetl9grI teiaon<•will•> a c t ' VQlyetwi •N'tr.e:>;yh« saluryispenetrated. House,JohnSherman. Hewill,nodoubt,begreeted tweenthem—Mr.Lateohtakingsomemoneyfromher • THEN.Y. HERALD ANDTIU:ANGLO-AFRICAN.— Even the Street Sweeper is called upon to consult with a hearty and enthoiiastic receptien.Children Teething, with never-failing success. Relie is imme-BarkMallieMetcalf(ofBangor),Snow,Cardenas10days,sugar Bark Samuel Moxley jr., Holm, St. Mark's 9 days, cotton, &c,the Alderman before he can wield .the broom in the asrrkeofthecity. Hiswagesaresetdownat$150 per day, but he seldom receives bis fortnightly stipendwords appear to have paesed between them at thattime,afterwhichMr.Latsonwentintoluaofllca,in "Inan*rticloinTheHerald ofApril1entitled'TheNegrothe eame building, and attended to his work. He did in Town,' that paper takes oocaaion to poke fun at the compara- ' tiveiy BtsiURent. pecuniary <:5rc<im«tanc.i« of our humble laiu'ea,TELXOBAPHDESPATCHSWWDLZXS.—ForT B Iseveral week» pa*t frequent complaints have beenmade a t Polled headquarters i n relation t o swindlesperpetrated by means of bogus dispatches, and thedetectives have been on the lookout lor the swindlers.The rascals, however, managed their business veryadroitly> and moved about from place to places) that named Gray would expire on the 6th inat. The officer their detection was no easy matter. One of the partynamed George Golden, alias George Johnson, aliasWaHaeejwas arrested in New-Haven on Thursday,and locked xo% Yesterday he w a s visited by OfficerHall Democratic General Committee m e t on Thurs2Hfly of this chy, and made a confession as to the was the use of showing him up to.the detectives.ulant takes effect, and she raises her. head.head, arms, legs, they will not h e still.there is a sickening at the heart. Have the. pains of hell g o t hold of the wrot ched d) unkur d 1 Will she dlo amid the throes o f that terrible delirium ? There a r e other ghastly, bloated faces that peoratherftom around the corner; there ore whitened faces pressed against the window in tho door o f that infernal groggery^ Alas! there are others in there goinr the some road,, who will not lay thia scene to heart; they will not take warning. But, there at the oorncr,,stands the man who sold the dying woman t h e liquor that killed her—he is well dressed and pursey, a n d looks calmly at the result ofbis labors. A little way up the sidewalk stands his wife, alsognzlng, unmoved, at the sufferer. Can it be possible for the heart of woman to become so hard and unfeeling? A physicianmayadministerpoisontoadogand stand as uumjved os she. One may feed arsenic to a rat and wait to see him die. But bow can a woman soil poison to a woman, and stand coolly bygraph, and announced his declination througli the same ohanntl.down tlie Narrows. One bark and one brig coming up tbe Bay. WitdN., light :w*ather clear. -•PHILADELPHIA. April 6.—Below, steamers Kennebec,from New-York; Cambridge, from Boston; barks May Queen, fromswindles perpetrated. He gave the name of one of hisaccomplices in this city, and the police are on the lock- the city. Before General Superintendent Carpentertbe Waterbury ticket from the T wentieth, ani theKeir ticket from the. Twenty-first. The report was adopted. Upon the Eighteenth Ward cise the sub-committee could not agree. Messrs Fowler and Kissner report*d for tbe Irving ticket; Mr. Wm. D. iKennedy reported in favor of a new election; Mr. Vance in favoi-of the Cooper ticket, and Mr. Piardy in favor of referring the case to a committee of five, to effect, if possible, a com- p r o m i s e . T h e c a s e w a s l a i d o v e r u n t i l t h e n e x t m e e t - ing, and a new committee appointed to report upon i t .THE PROPRIETOR OFTHE GLEN COVE HOTEL AB "SCONDS —A great commotion has been caused hi theusually quiet village of Glen Cove by the flight of Mr. Paxtxra. long the proprietor of the principal hotel inSee! how she slutkes, Your blood runs cold;% •-outfor him..Golden sold four of the bogus dispatches in New- Haven, and on the last one which he disposed of, to a n1De Noir was accordingly taken, when h e again saidhi3 name'was Gray. Soon after this a dispatch was received that a convict had escaped, and Mr.Carpenter told De Noir that he should keep him a little while, as• baai yoln&n4 and] as Jew Hotii amc©Id lady, he was caught. The Magistrate held him inthesumcsf$300oneach charge. The accused stated twohourswouldnotmike much difference with,hisThepreeent'school-house is on'Washington avenue, hut is inadequate for the accommodation of the children o f t h a t D i s t r i c t w h o d e s i r e t o a t t e n d s c l i o o l . T h e o l dNEWPORT, April <J.—Arr. schr. T . P . Abell, Br^gg, from Albany for PortlandPawed up, bafk Jane Lovett, Cook, from Glasgow for Provi- d e n c e . ' I •'.•«.? ' . > ••'. I ithat his aeeompHce here was in league with one of theregnlar telagtaph operators, from whom h e purchasedl i b e r t y . L a t e i n t h e a f t e r n o o n a k e e p e r a r r i v e d , a n dAlso arr., sebn. Huntress, Looke, Eastport for J^ews-York] B . siteistobesold,andthe money appropiiated toward Browa Warren teredo.; J. Grinson, Holmes's Hole fordo.;m•-•- -1 -;C-the blanks.' They have done an extensive business inBrooklyn, Jersey C^ New-Xork,andelsewhere. rthe eiection.of the new huildiuff.rvpy. Sandwich fordo,; Isabella Falmouth for do.; Le*dor, Wkifhomfordo.: Jsmesis.Lucy,Sippicanfordo,;a..P.& G. Whoaton, Sandwich for Albany; Henry-Clay, New-Bedford for1-it •jTowjr BXJSCTXOK*.—Orleans Countyi—Barre—Re-publkan majority about 300. T h e Democratic organsays they lost votes by taking up a dissatisfied Ee-p^blkan for Justice. Cariton—The Republican* carrythis town by a majority of 4 7 . Clarendon—-Puts ofboth,ticketselected..DemocraticSupervisorby6votes.AN INSECURE BUILDINO—A report of the Looal do.; Globe. Fall River for Philadelphia; ¥. 0.t Ireland. Baker, Committee of School No. C was submitted at the last meeting of Boston for Stamford; Fred Warren, Coombs, Buokspart for Falli'V •'M • • • ' • tba<Gaines—Eepublican by about 50. Kendall—Tie ongopervisor. Murray—ThisstrongholdofDemocracy 3KChurchmadeadonationvisittohishouseonThurs-borrowed a horse and wagon of a friend, he came to and Christian charity a8 you.are, how long will you allow sash a the Western District of tbis city during the month of March, in- ST. THOJ»A», March 18.—The schr. F . W. Lawrence (of Plyrin Orteane has given w*7„ and a BepubHcan 8uperv>«>r elected by » majority. Err* N. HrU, Suoervisor. on behalf of the young ladies of the congregition,-BailedforEuropebythesteamerFulton. Beside owing $3,000 in Glen Cove, he had liabilities in New- York and Brooklyn to twice that amount.women,andal*osendyourownservantstorelievehimoftho disgrace;inooavonienco, and expense of having them die on hia trendies! But, see! tho obliging officer takes hold of the poor wo-volvingatotal,lossofabout$W,000,mostlycoveredbyin- njoutb,Mass.),Arey,arrivedhtreonthe9th,in23daysfrom. forward requires to be replaced by new...••»H£J>J •' ------£ *••; ••f ': fa '-•.•*>& ('' - ••8*3*KSdgeway and gheluv elect Democratic Supervisors.presented to Mrs. Corbitt the sum of $500; and on the part of the male msmbers of the congregation the sumCARRIAGE AccinENTt-—iiast evening, a horse drivenby Mr. David Chauncey became frightened in Cranberry street, and ran oil'at fall speed toward Mloka street The carriage came in collision with another vehicle, •ontaining a man and a boy,Yates not heard from.'man—it hi no n«e, she cannot help h»rsel£They send for a bond-It*iMVUllKhiVVVi^ -7f'• •<•''•-••••—•-••^•.^.,. .OBITUARY.—SamuelGoverneurOgden,fatherof Mrs. Anna Cora Mowatt Ritchie, the authoressand ac-to Moaes Taylor At Co. , 'J3rig B. G. Chaloner (of Machias). Kenny, Ponce, P. R , March Thousands of younj? men have heen saved from 17, sugar and molasses to Simpson ic Clapp. Sailed in companywithout being reminded that he is a constituent of a tress, died on Thursday evening, at his residence in not see hia wife again till about (5o'clock in the evea- monthly and weekly. A friend, on raiding thia fling, bid* ua notparty, and that as such he labors under obligations. Astoria, aged 81 years. His funeral will take place on IntheBureauofBecordsandStatisticsthereisa Thursday,at3o'clockintheafternoon.ing, when be found her lying on the floor of her ownroom,andquitedead. Alterhavingquarreledwithher husband, Mrs LatBon appears to have gone outbe diK-onrug«d. l i e aiauren u* thut one of the lament nowipa- p«r« in the city wi» •'BornInagarret,inakitchenbred;'that i"ttiJ paper, twenty odd yenrs o«o, emerged daily from a cel- lar down town, about half the »iy.eor Thti Weekly Anglo-African; and on* d*y the editor made a nioxt piteous appeal to BOIUO oneruin, and other thousands directed in the rise of thfir t.nl-nU to honor and f« rtnne, by obtaining PPHKNOLOUICAL EXAMINATION* andadviceatFOWLKKicWELL*.NO.308Broadway.» (Advertisement. ]with schr. Char!e« Snow, for Mount Desert.Brig Mechanic (of Harpswell), Marston, S«gu& 9 days, sugarandmolassestoWalsh.Carver4tCbase.Brig James Davis (oi Boston), Staples, Cardenas 10 days, sugarand molas««M io H . D . Brook man 4: Co.Brig Lilly Dale (Br.), Slephtns, Windsor, N . S ., 15 days, plas-—His CAPTLKE AND PERSONATION OF A DISCHARGED CONVICT.—Yesterday noon, while the prisoners onstoppedthecrevicesaroundthewindowswithcotton,colored mechanic at that tinio, a retired gentleman no w—had madeuphiamindtogoandlendtheeditorlaquestiontyM), wh»n, on opening the paptr next day, ho found a violent articlethe Almighty Dollar, in vaiious postures, agreeable to the char- acteroftheanimalman—tineastbetabjecf* tvpresontod—byHOLMES, NO. 315 Broadway.grant permits for all interments out of the city. It is Blackwell'e Island were about going to dinner, one of filled a furnace with the coal, set it on fire, aud laid agaiiiit tho negroes. This »hut op thnt gentleman's pocket, butdown to die. When found, she was lying on tho iloor, be uuo>ri>tood that a colcrod brother (our namosoke, but no rela- thedutyoftheSup3rintendenttoseethatallsuch theconvicts namedGeorgeDeNoiraliasGeorge tioiiydidlendtheeditorofthatsheetthe*300,andthussaved recordsarefaithfullykept,andtocompilestatistical withapillowunderherhead,herarmsfolded,andher TheX.V.Heraldfromanearlydeath. SoTlieN.Y.Herald atTAdvertisement.]Attorney's office, and thither t h e party repaired. D e Noir still insisted that bis name was Gray, and an ex- amination of the books showed that the timeof.a manOu the bottom step o f t h e stairs lead- thoie is a woman. Something i s tho delegation from the Fifth Ward; the Rynders and matter. Now OLOwretched croatnre runs iato the groggery and returns with a glass of something which they pour down the throatof the sufferer. Again she goes and returnH; again they pour it down. 3beybatbehi>r head, they shako her, they fanjhor, they dash water In her face—all in vain, apparently. N o w t h e crowd retreat. You sec the wretched creature leonlag against the build-Tweed delegation from the Seventh; the Rollins dele- and exyKeeper began to think that they h a d made a gation from t h e Eleventh; t h e Edward McConnellWard, it iB understood, declines to serve. H e is at ppfsed the Bar at 5:80 p m . One bihr going up the Swash Chan-serious mistake, but the latter advised the other to hold on to the man and take him to Police Headquarters. At this announcement, De Noir wanted to know whatdelegation from the Thirteenth; t b e Hart delegationfrom the Sixteenth; the Smith and Joremiah ticket fromthe Seventh; the Herrick ticket from the Nineteenth; ing, and even at a distanco she lookn ghastly. Presently tiro stim-HIGHLANDS. April C, sunset—One of Cromw«U's steamer* mercial pursuits which will prevent hioi from accepting S of the Highlands, bound in. No other vessels in sight WindHe had served out his time and was going to leaveA NEW SCHOOL-HOUSE.—The Board of Education Ria Janeiro; Rowena. from Porto Cabello. _• ";have authomtd the purchase of eight lota of ground on BOSTON. April 6 —Arr. City o f New-York, Boggs, Norfolk; b»rks Vivid Light, Bl«nchard. Boyrout and Messina; G . Hughes, Van Buren etiett, between Hall street and Grand Duggun Santa Cruz; brig* PIoo, Teal, Messina; Martha Wash-avenue, for the erection of a new school-houBe for ington, Anderson. Cardenas. L,!W/.' • ., PROVINCETOWN, April 5—Arr. schr. Kate McDonald,District No. 11. The cost of the plot -will be $6,000. from Porto Rico for New-York, leaking badly; loat deck load o f ino.'asre*; split aa'l«. stovo bulwarks boats, i t c ..<'De Noir was identified and locked up in the Fourteenth p Ward Station House until to-day, when he will bataken back. . . .De Noir says he was persuaded to escape by his com-panions, who wanted bim to go to C-inada, to be pres- ent at the reception of the Prince of Wales.• - "' . . . . * •\A PREACHER.—-Thecongrega-day, the jJlstult., carrying with him $8,000 in cash andeverythingvaluableaboutbis establishment. Havingpaid by a Christian people to enforce the laws arid protcot the lif* f the poor creature slain by the man.who calls him.0® mm.or -dePRESENT A TIONtionofvtheRev.Mr. Corbitt oftheGreene-streetM.T O•o->:;'X-\ •• • »of his ears in hie hand, and desired to prefer a chargegeneraly. ContributionsforthesupportoftheDis- ofmayhemagainstCharlesH.Simmons,alsocolored; phen'spocketandrelievedhimof$90iacashandawatchpu'c and the best qnality. The 3cheldom Aromatic Schnapps iarowsofpolesbetweenCourtlandts-reet andtheBat- ladywhoremonstrafedwithhimwaa abused and in- theonlyginthat hastheindorsement of themedical faculty. steama»bipEdinburgnh,boounidadupCiC>hnhanuneli;2za8tnh,liat.4«<75o6o,Iion.3oo5intendsinstituting a siit against the New-Yorlers, for thepurposeofrecoveringdamagCK,because,a«heas- serts, they had no right to touch the poles vhich wereJersey City, the fishermen's headquarters. Whether Henry Palmer, on charge of stealing telegraphic dis-any legal proceedings will be taken by the fishermen is for the future to riveahpatches from N o. 21 Wall street. 'Palmer deliveredfour dispatches, and obtained tho charges thereon. H ewaa locked up in tho TombB.PERFECTLY EXCITING.—What is? ternoon,CoronerScbinuerheldaninquestatthehouse FIRK IN ATTORNKY STKEKT.—J.rtist nightabout12 crowd of respectable people—ladies, families, children. 4tc— Thompson's Nephew.SUICIDE OF A DENTIST'S WIFE.—Oo Thursday af- of Wm. B. Lat.son, No. 385 Eighth avenue, on the— . — •Ship Sardinia, Crocker, Liverpool 51 days, mdse. to Samuelingintherear ofNo.28Attorneystreet^occupiedon heart-touching and laugh-provoking drama JKANIR DEANS,SO Bark J. C.Bruce lot Baltimore), Gayle, Mayaguea, P.R., p«r week. Each Inspector is almost sure to place in sider an; lew law unnecessary and uncalled for; and that in so body of Mary Ann Latfon; who committed suicide tho the pevoral floors by John Mattiieio, Mr. Oberman, encbantlngly performed Uiere ; to see tbe delightful pieces pro- March 23, sugar to master. March 29, lat. 28, Ion. 72, spoke shipdoing,weareofopinionthatweexpremtheunanimoussentl- men; of the French population.previousnight.Itappearedfromthetestin?nyelicited that the deceased had been exceedingly jealons of har husband for a number of years, in consequence of hisandMr.8iein,cabinetmakers. Thefireoriginatedon the third floor in Mr. Stein's establishment, and dam- aged his Ktock to the amount of $1,000; partially in- sured. Tbettockofthe other oticupanta viasbadlyducedthereoeside{andtoenjoyalltherareattractionsthatMaria(ofNew-York),fromBaltimoreforStJagodeCuba.Sid in company with bark Mayflower, of and for New-Haven; brig L. ic W . Armstrong, do do.theserviceoneormorecartsofhis'own. TheSuper-intendent of Sanitary Inspection marks the carts withbis approval, at the rate of five or six shQJiugs each.Fewofthecourtsmarkedhavethecapacityrequired manentlylocatedattheiroldheadquarters,attheprofessionbringingliimincontactwithsomanyladies. damagedbywater.DanielSmith,chairmaker,oc2a-have sprung up under BARNUM redivivus. ances THIS AFTERNOON and KVENINO.Brilliant perform->iAdvertise>mentJ€*OfMm. WWSLOW'S SOOTH-bureau drawer, to which Bhc objected. Some hard ; The N. Y. WrvMy Anglo African .of to-day's date ING STRUF are now us«d every y*or in the United States tei to master.then got into a boat, in which were t wo of his old ac- for, and all manner of restoratives applied, but too torious."• }English Medallion, Velvet, Brussels, Three-ply, Ingrain CAR- PETING. RUGS, MATS, MATTING. DRUGGETS, STAIR-CARHETD, WINHOW SHADKH, TAHLE and PIANO COVERS, at greatly re- duced prices. B e particular and go toSchr. W . F . Barden, Norris, Norwolk 2 days, in ballast t o master.Schr. Albert Field, Lawrence, Norwolk 2 days, in ballast to master.Schr. Oscar Hawley, Uawley, Elizabethport, coal for Provi- , deuce.Schr. Superior. Robinron, Rockland 5 days, lime to master. Scbr. Amelia, Sanborn, Machias 12days, lumber to master. Schr. Banner, Rltch, Portland 7 days, heading to master. Schr. Chief Prcs»ey, Elizabethport, coal for Somerset Schr. Lucy Bloke, Bash, Rockland <> days, lime to master. Schr. Whiatler, rresbrey, Taunton. Srhr.II.W.Lawton,Lavson,Virginia,oysters.Sloop Henry Clay, Taylor, Westerly 2 days, stone.Stcoxrpr Delaware, Cannon, Philadelphia, mdse. and past, tocomplices, and was rowed rapidly down to Williams- burgh, where the three men abandoned the craft.The party then crof sedto thia city, and were walking out of the ferry-house a t th e foot of Grand street, when a former Keepei on the Island noticed De Noir, and followed him. at a safe distance, watching his opportunity t o notify a policeman. After walking about two miles or more through one street and another, the ex-Keeper finally met Officer Gale, of the Four- teenth Ward, and pointed out De Noir, at the same time telling the officer that he believed the fellow was an escaped convict. Officer Gale lost n o time in over- taking and arresting De Noir, but the latter told him that he was mistaken, that his name w a s Gray, and thathewasjustdischargedfromtheIsland,histime having expired onthe 6th instant.The arrest created considerable excitement in the street,but the crowd was quietly dispersed by Sergeant Wtmys of the Fourteenth Precinct. The prisoner was taken btfore the Magistrate a t Essex Market, but he strenuously asserted that his name was Gray, and that he bad just been discharged. Neither t h e ex Keeper nor officer feeling justified in making an affidavit, t h e Magistrate said they bad better go to the District-late. Tbe following note to her hasband was written en an ordinary business card, and left on a table in theroom:" Farewell, William.caused you; but. recolleat, jour business L as driven me crazy, and neither in pity for my body or soul would you change your ways. I am no thiff; you could not mean that. Give njy things to my dtar sister, and something to Adeline and the children."-: A sister of t h e deceased testified that Mra. Lataon had been much depressed in spirits lately, caused by sickness and jealousy of h e r husband. She bad often told her sister that she should kill herself, a n d had at- tempted to do so once or twice before. Dr. George B. Bouton made a post-mortem examination of the body, when he found the lunge very much diseased, and ;he•Forgive m e for a ll the trouble I have— — »[ Advertisement 1liversomewhatdermged. Fromthecongestedstate' cleanandfaithful performance ofhousehold work ia allits of the lungs, and the history of the case, the doctor branches. An institution of this kind established by subscription gaveitashisopinionthatdeithwascaused"byin- andendowment,bysomeofourprincelyforturica, wouldbaaBrig Bedouin, of New-Glasgow.—[All by steamtug Huntress.SAILED—Steamsbip Montgomery, Savannah; ship Caaae, Charleston;barkLexington,Galveston.WIND—Snnset, N . W .The ship Cornelius Grtnnell, from Queenstown, arr. Thursday evening, has 37 pass, and two births during the voyage. She ha* spiung mainmastThe ship Panama, 1,139 tuns re«i«ter, is on tbe great Balanoe- Dock for repairs. S h e will b e itripped, recaulked, and newly c-eppered. •l b e sldp Victoria i s on the small Sectional Dock for examina- tion.The ship D e Witt Clinton previously reported ashore or* Squan, was on Friday morning taken on the large Sectional Dock for examination. Her keel is ^one. and she is somewhat strained; but considering the length of time the lay on tho boaoh she looks in good condition..•JSy Telegraph..SANDY HOOK, sunset, April 6 —Ship London, for London,was a native of England, and 38 years of age. •THK TAMMANY CONTESTED SKATS.—The TammanyHenry M. Evans, Franklin Woodruff, Joseph B . Leggett, Henry B. Smith; Inspectors, Charles J . ghopard, James L . Butler, Charles H . Caldwell.The Corresponding Secretary elect and three of the Directorswereontheindepenbontticket. Alltheothers wore regular."• • — ;THE FOURTH W ARD ALDERMAN,—Mr. Peter G.Taylor, Republican, Aldeiman elect of the Fourth.gONLT AN INCIDENT.—There is a crowd over a t of the Committee on Contested Seats. The re- drinking his poisonous liquors. But tho crowd to-day is eagerday night, for the purpose of hearing the report Crown's Corner. There is a crowd there every day, buying andport recommended the admission of the Savageabout something unusual.; contains the following:diate and certain.Only 25 cents a bottle. •to Smallwood, Earle ic Co. BarkMerrimac(ofJPortland),Fltz,Cienfuegos10days,sugarANnSTAMMKKING."—The causeandcurebyDr A.11.S.MBALKT. Schr.SusanHalf(ofProvincetown), Dyer,JacmelMarch16, Smith, engaged at work in the quarry, managed to limbs straight. A strong odor of charcoal gas per- thi* moment actually owes it* existence to a timely loan from a Office No. 648 Broadway. No charge until perfect satisfaction Is logwood. corTe«, &c, to R Th^ckery.tables,andtomakeoutallweekly,monthly,andan- slipuneeenfromtheranksandhidehimselfbehinda ncyrocapitalist.' BothTheHeraldandthocapitatitt'stilllive,'given.Hours,1Uto6. [Advertinemwit.JSchr.J.W.Wobster,Blake,Savannah83hours,timbertoW. B.^Scranton.nualreportsemanatingfromtheDepartment. He should be practically efficient and well qualified to per- form these duties, but it is an undeniable fact that the present incumbent (as well a s h i s predecessor) seldom if ever performed any of these arduous duties, remain- ing rarery more than half a n hour a day at the desk. In fact, a single clerk, a t a salary of $600 a year, has mainly discharged the duties of the office—has pre- pared forthe press all weekly, monthly, and annual re- ports a n d statistics. I t is asserted tba'.the Superin- tendent, who was appointed soon af:er the confirmation-of the City Inspector, is seldom seen in the office, and has never yet performed a n hour's service, though in receipt of a handsome salary.Of the Market Bureau, let the case of James Irving, suspended at his own request, months after his official ixrtegri»y had been impeached by the market people,hear witness.Such isthemodus operandi oftheDepaitmentcharged with those most sacred interests, the life and health of the inhabitants of this crowded metropolis.It is to be hoped that a brighter future is before us.vadedtheapartment. Dr.L^taonatonceraisedan andthecapitalistis«aid.onmanysubsequentoccasions,tohavewalluntilafterthekeepershadgotoutofsight.He alaim;tbeneighborswerecalledin,physicianssent contrlbutea tothesuccessandnotoriety ofTheHerald andits proprietor, in every way in xchich both arc or hzve b<cnno-t-'chr.J.G.Cunningham,Cunningham,NorwoBc2days,in HOUSEKEEPERS will find every description of ballast to mooter.INTEIXIGENCE OFFICES AND DOMESTICS.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune. 'Sin: An article in your iesue of to-day in relation to> .HiRAax ANDERSON'S, NO.199 Bowery, Sign of the largo Golden Ea^lo.c. c.thoutands, depend npon an ignoiont, uneducated, a n d wretched class,who prowl/through our cities and viU«goa,swuidHuj their em- ployers in evcjy possible'way; Now, why cannot there bo an in- telligent concerted movement of charitable persons by whioh an ir* stitution canbo fotmedfor truiuingand educating this raw mate- rial into something like on ab'.e, skillful, more or less intelligent,BROOKLYNITEMS.Steamer Albatross, Jones, Providence, mdse. t o I*a*c OdelLlasting and ineatimablo benefit to all classes of society. Such anhalation of carbonic gas, generated by charcoal." T h ejury rendered a verdict of " suicide " Tho decoaoed is net half so glaring and iuHufl'ernble as here. Will not Hjme gen- BobortC. Ogden, Adrian Van Slnderen, BobertT. Shannon, jr.,establishment has lately been started in England—where this evil tlemen or ladies move hi this matter and lighten the suffering* o f/.so many household martyrs. New York, April 4,18G0.O N E O F THEM.ing upjnto tho old xoolsery,,*m«V ^jg*»' •***•*#'#*>>** *y*H>rry*i Immmmm. soar!^pifichbermto.^;ea*y!!» said'the deetroyer, and turned intohi* hole... And noty Jhorse 'could be stopped.Bark Warren (of Baltimore). Benthalh Trinidad d« Cuba 16 .days,sugarand molassesto master. March27.intheStrait*of GAS!GAS!—NewGASFIXTURESfortlieSpringFlorida,spoke»hipCenturion(ofNew-York),steeringW.Thec.c.IAdvertisement.1[ Advertisement JBrig C. H . Kennedy (of Lubecl, Harding, Rio Heche March 8, hide; fustic,ic.totfrett,Hon&Co.Schr. Jane F . Dorfee (of Foil River), Davis, Attakapas 16 days, sugar, xnolasfcs, &c.. to Stunies it Uo.^cbr. Reliance (Br.), Nlckerion, Cornwallis, N . S ., 10 days, "IMPORTANT DISCOVERY"— "STUTTERING potatoestoR.Burgess.COUGHS I COLDH!! CONSUMPTION! ! ! CURED ! 1i! Bythetimelyuse ofMrs.M.N.GAKDNEB'HINDIANBALSAM ov LITRRWORT. the best and mor>t effectually remedial agent• •THE MERCANTILE LIBRARY ELECTION.—The elec-tion for officers of the Brooklyn Mercantile Library Association, on Thursday, Teeulted in the euccees of the following: 'President, JamesH.Krothinaham;Vice-Prejidont,8.D.C. Van Bokkelen; Coirospondihg Secre ary, Gilbert L . Halght; Be.cording Secretary, Theodore E Smith; Treasurer, Henry H . Dickinson •, Directors, William H . Gellatly, Darwin O. Eaton,;preseut'in New-Orleans, where he is oogaged in com- nel WlndN. N . W.,light; weather clearTthe position. He was informed of his election by tele- N. W.( moderate; weather clear.FORT LAFAYETTE, sunset, April 6.—Ship Chate passing*- ••• " ' , . • • • ;.O' ; \ '' • • ,...•;... ;.'.v•"fo.wiUiMB tho lost throes'of her victim? Y et there she stands. the Board of Education by which it appears that the rear part of River •sloop Aerouaut, Sandwich for New-York.•• It will not do to allow h«r to die here, at my very door," con- the easterly wall of. that building has settled diwn; that it is NORFOLK, April«.-Br. schr. Alice, Rogers, bound to Phila-art pri> *toiji 5 •::-.>(•;.*^«-cor •-*• '•'' .•- 'that place. Mr. Paxton left on the morning of Satur- cludes the Hquor-seller. So away he goes to call a policocuan, aaoked in several places, and is otherwise insecure. A. resolu- delphia, is ashore near Hampton Roads, but will probably be got *O,yecitkens <,fNew-York! exalted by acts ofbenevolenceday,evening, and during the evening Dr. Strickland, this city, left his conveyance at a Brooklyn stable, and rnmsellor'to grow rich at the cost, of the lives of poor men and surance. -\;. • . ,. ; ..,-•. 5 ' . ' u y . .-. vr .-• Mobile, with both mastt tprnng, flying jib and mainsail split; allUntitled Documenttion wos passed directing necessary repairs and alterations to b e afloat FIRES DURING MARCH.—There were eevenfiresin. i l>i»aiitcrs,* A''•''. i '" .*• '•'.' "'."",.;;,•'•.•••"'.'yy.,.i,/... . ..,!. ., » ' • • • • . : ' i , •-. ii?&W**®ffpoken.April 5, offBarnegat, by the pUot-boat New-York (No. 8), brig Abby St EUxabeth, from Messina for Philadelphia.H * w#*»m<r**w**.»s**~~.***•'Wftnwim<ayEWHW i B W WIn steamship /Kka»nngayruofow,_^fr^ovmw» Q.ueenstovm and Liverpool— O. Baron,Mrs.Warrack, E.Watkins,JamesWood,J.Meerholz, C. Wi5liarc«, Mr. Kan'tz. *Mr. Perrram, W . M .Addey. W . New- man, Mr. and Mrs. II. Davidson Mr. and Mrs. James Philips and; infant, Miss Dudley, Miss H - Dadley.fJ3tecm«bips—City of Washington, Jeffrey, Liverpool, John G . • FATALACCIDENT.—Coroner Jacfcman held anin- DalejMontgomeiy,Berry,Savannah,H.B.Cromwellk.Co."Why theBELOW—2 barks and 1 brig, unknown. Bark E . Fowter, rrom Cienfat-gos.Brig Foreit City, from Cardenas.Biig New Era (Br.), from Nantes.:&c.>•0•- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com!,r :— — -" •- •"• "-'" - ••••• egoism—•-•••• IIMMi l»MWMir«w 