 iFBT.Z.XX.BixnxxicUACBSoombinod,justpatented. Simple,orderthattheymaylaydowninitarailroadtrack. calledupontopaythecost, amounting to severalingorganselevatedabovethecrowd,theexecution- "murdershismistress!" Itwasintheyearofour•Hu. i . :<*TU'* Yii.u». and tneir concentration, tho Lirr. AUDI-'iwz ».,»,,, arc sold at No. 2W Cauai-»:., tio. 4 Univn-SJUAre, bill, we do not know nor care to inquire, nere is manded, and given up. H e was led intothejwooda; been murdered by a slave in revenge for some pun- whom it can hardly be safe for legislators to have Grand Jury, and dragging before it scores of pri*i 1of the property lying between Forty-second and Seventy-ninthstreetsandFourthandFifthavenues. The Harlem Railroad CompanyarebesiegingtheIt is not that Slavery is wrong because of such atrocities, butsuch acts areatrocious because Slavery i* wrong. These are thenecessaryac-Thus defeated,in theCity Hall, George Law and" was (in the words of an eye-witness) ' sweating, John Pettigrew marched their forces to the Capital of fully. M r Denniston states, what must be appa-i •-Mi*-,*-*••&:''•* , * . ' • 'Messrs. Republicans in the Legislature! will younothearthecriesofyourbrethreninthisill'Starred,misgoverned City ? W e are but Twenty-five Thou- flames. The incendiaries, eight or nine in number, guide to them in anything they may have to say on and allow the injunction to be dissolved.-<,?•4£ # & $ &'•'••' •'•'•"'•&f>..:•'-'• <* •! nTOFCfc*^'50TD^ffiY^I••MNBWrsmEV .X.M,'.JP:T>$•*&&$nsi*t** Ketitts.. >'. .1.'slaves, exairperated ty the delay, aud fearful ofaveoccurredwhichhave never baeapublishedat BL But, very imperfect as the list is, we respect-MatUda, dew, * «m peroader tbaa «»»«; Flapper far th*a ooantni. or quo*a .jfotku,* C*u now oar tru« iov« sorer,Charte* but sent BH> Op p<«tti«»«t mi*4Y©— A VatenttD* alt row* and gold:ZJu«*ww n»*ershahI©**ourbliaa.If , \A£«h*«tke*sd©s*tnglyand old!heat Powder and Burglar-Proof Lock*. . Bankers', Jeweler.', and House Sa*e« "»*d« *f,°TM7*Tm ^ rQUIBK BBOTHJiKit, No. S« Maiden-lane, N. Y .JSATCIIELOR'SHAIRDYE,WIGS,andJOUPKBS,•> xennrtrakd. They are U f f e * * durable «djg g ^ r f TM Soahrinkiiig.norturningupbehind. B A T «H "°^ fJP*f "IS ^ beat in the world; theonlybnrmle..R«d wUabL, Dye known lopjy At tv« Factory, remorad to No. 16 Bond-lPOSTAGE STAMPS (3and 10ceats), for salejvataOaOffioo- 'Reprefenting tbe Senatorial cohort, Mr. Andrew B. Hodgf s, under the able tutelage of Spinola,win proveanadmirable leader. During the maturing ofthisschemeoutsideoftheSenate,GeorgeLawy.S,—Ibadqttltefo.gottot«Uyon—iay Cbaxles alsrays <ire«*©» rich and noat;i"»r a* jr*>t* DU clotixea— like * sensible fallow— Of SMITH*, the Clothiers, in Kulton-st.Ajxi t e tell*, la hi* cbcumirg letier, H«w13»Mne&ext week from bat to boot;And hie clothe*—c h ! who can grace them better 7 SMITH KROTHKJW »CKSUU T H I W»»I>IN« acrr.SMITH BSOTH w V One-?ric* Wholesale and Retail Clothing 12 WecetooBM, No«. 122, 188 end 140 KuU©u-«c, New-Y oik.subject.t Ofcourse, therefore, we cannot vouchknown toevery one. Beside these two Generalsif' ifor its truth, but can only say that it was widelypublicjusticejund ofimportantprivateinterests.W e scarcely know which is deserving of severerof Division, h e h a d a large, numerous a n d activs,.R»«jtnx*»-PERRY'S JAPANESEBOOT XXD SHOB POUJIH,A L:<JI;ID Coxromm, TO CORRESPONDENTS.A SUBSTTTOTX VOX BLAOKXHO.not resolve at once to prove yourselves the protec-tors and true friends of our People ? Why not re-and was never, to our knowledge, contradicted; nor do w e see why it should be doubted, any more than the ordinary public intelligence to which implicitin which it was made. It is an absolute gift to George Law, John Pettigrew, and associates, of a monopoly worth at least one million of dollars;ham Van Vtchten, James B. Swain and the brother of a prominent Senator.N o RTOBXXOBBTAIXS IT* RIOB OLoeaIs PrtT» orSaow t>* RAiir,AXOpalUMTM TUB LXATKSK. Sow KvKXiwHxim. JAJ-A.xxajt POIJSK Co..name and address of the writer—not neoeaaexily fox publica-tion, but aa a guaranty for his good faith.Business letters lor T U B TXIBCBB should in all oases be ad*dressed to HOXACB GKKKLHY k. Co. •C. C. k C. D. WOOIVWOXTH. OMAHA, Nebraska, hare the DAILTandWMKW TXIBFKXforsnle.LEGI«LATrRE.order for Wednesday morning. The/ Albany Police bill was received, and the amendment of the Assembly con- curred in. Variouslocalbillswere introduced. The billrelative to theCommissioners of Emigration and the Marine Hospital was made the special order for Thursday. InCommittee,variousbillswereconsid- ered, and ordered to a third reading.ASSEMBLY, March 10.—Mr. Hubbell brought in a it'Mvt *n<1raacinatingeleganceofiu i;y«••»,toanywehaveyet billrelativetoengravingbanknotes. TheController's presented; and the whole atocJt-»vey article being from our reply in regard to the iinances of thJ State was re-purpose,andafterbeingdepositedinaplaceofsafety, the alarm was raised, and a hunt for thenegro,whohadfled,wasinstituted. Hewassoonfound, andexecution was speedy. He was taken pended and put out of the way. All the tram-" NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.OvrJarg* and za*hion«o!e stock of 5pring Clothing for Man and Boy*beingnowoomplete,wesolicitattention teour ozteuaivo expoeixlo&of thexxw naaitiSM ax our UK.NTK.VI. W A K B U O W S , Noe.*I21,128and 125JVulton-sC.and &LK> at oux NKW BKANCK 2rrABU*UMKXT, No. 2 u Broadway, just opened. T h e choicest Mode, the greatwst poasiblo •*• ir Ij ot material*, and th« b«st ar- Sistatomekrthemueinthenewestmodes.These,andthelow «at poevibl* ptloos compaUble with a just regard to our own sole- lya*xnecchante,havebeen,asthepuolicknow,foryearsourxnotfo. , , Our stock o! Bon' CLOTHIXG this seuon is far inperior. in theother in New-York. RUCKUS ic RAlxoxn. CxnrxAJ. W'AKiHorsx. Noa. 121,123 and 125 fulton-st. BXA.HCH E»TABi.ta«MB»T,No.21*Bro*dw*y.among them, tho Schuyler County bill. was an admission by Mr. V an Wyck of this State " guilty." without any meeting, of the Committee, the bill what the lawyers would call " a special traverse", thatwitcheswereonceburnedatthestakeinNew- In1856, Dr.ParsonsofBoston,agentlemanOf wasreportedback tothe Senate foritsactionby denying thatanysuchcaucushad been held "atNEW-HAMPSHIREholdsherStateElection—tho England. New-England,webegleavetoinform unquestionablecharacter,publishedalittleworkof SenatorLawrenceofQueens,andwasforthwith •'theroomsofGeorgeLaw",butcarefullyavoiding firstofthiseventfulyear—to-morrow. TheRepub- theHouse,neverdidanysuchthing. Shehanged, travelsattheSouth. HecopiesfromTheSumter madeaspecialorderforthatevening. Itwillthus anyreferencetoaCommitteeofInvestigationastoand possibly drowned, about two hundred years (Ala.) Whig an account of a recent burning of a be seen that no time was given for information that the main charge. Indeed, as we understand the licans of the other State* look to her with interest, since, some of those wretched persons whom she. slave in that county. " Dave," the slave, belonged such a bill had existence to reach New-York by debate thereupon arising, Senator Spinola admittedreligiously believed possessed ofthe devil. But she to James D. Thornton, was accused of having mail; norcould any representative of any interest the imputation boastfully, as if it were an act de-~~~~DIAMOND KINGS F O R SALE,BTOxo.CAuuBXtNo. 415 Broedway, one door 0eio«r Canal-at., formerlyftp. 11 Wall-at.TOMES, SON & MBLVAIN,.No. 6 MAU>S3 ILSJX,New-iork,Importer* and Wholesale Dealerj inGosr», Pisrote,CvcuntT, PiATXn WAXX, JKWKLKT, FAXCT GOODS, BXVHHX*, PBMI.»I>«<. AKT> HOAP*.Westle; Kichardas celebrated Gunx. iJCIOT'S Cap*, Wadding, and Cartridges.He&ox's Army and Model Ra»or«. Adams's PaWut Revolving Pistols.FIRE-PROOF SAFES.STXAXXS i. MAXTIJT,No, 40 MtrxxAT-sT , N. Y.HERRING'S P A TENT CHAMPIONFIX* and BntotAX-Pxoor ox/aw, With Haifa Patent r*owder-Proof Locks,*JJbe(lthegreatestsecurityofspySafeintheworld.n. C. HKiixi.tw A. Co.,No. 251 Broadway, opponi* City Hall, jtf. Y . SINGER'S SEWING-MACHINES. 'long ago, fortunately, gave over that habit; other- wise, as Mr. Van Wyck might have retorted uponTHELAN e 2 Sewing-Machin*No. 1 Sewmg-MaclJiaeTheFaodly Sewiag-Machtae, A........The Family 8ewing-Machtne. Hemaaiag Ganges# 1 0 0 90 IS50' 4ten years in the State Prison, for any member ofLM.SZ36XXitCo.,No.458Broadway,N.Y. Ho. ao Kuiton-it., Brooklyn.WH£ELER <fe WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES.* W«. prefer them foriaojuy u»e,"—(Tiibuoe. "Theyarethefarorlseslorlamilles."—|Times.Udice, No. See Broadway, New-York.GROVER * BAKJER'S NOISELESSF AJCIL T Sx-wisb MACSixxe. TBX BX*Z IS USX.No. 495 Broadway, New-York.No. 182 Kutton-st., Brooklyn.THE P ARKER SEWING-MACHINE Co.,Respectfully call toe attention ot tne puoiio to their now and boanrifn,?, firsc-clasa, rmyia and noueteas, Uouble-thread,Accent*wanted.Qgoo,No.4ot»HHVA.S>VXI. Vxxxo»itCo.TH« CRLBBRATEDJELRERASEWING-MACHINES*J£Prioe $50, Complete. JSVXBY M,*CHI.VJC OfAXA^Txxn. **ItJ*anexoeiiantMachine."—/JS. Y.jExpres*.._ . Office, Ao.4d9Broadwxy, ootnvr Broome-st.edge that New-England hanged her witches,we and,ashe supposed,kilted her,though sheafter- and allowedthefriendsofthebilltohave thepre- mend Attorney General Myers acd the District maintain that she has pretermitted that custom. ward recovered. On committing the deed, he ran siding control of the Senate machinery through Attorney of Albany to apply themselves. .Agesds Wxniea. Lioexml dUy'i aitww'd. D. J. Limrr, Otax'l BAMTUOLF'Sdup't.attemptwasmade,throughtheagencyoftheCom- him, and " then the clear bright flames quickly as- Railroad grant under the name of The Yonkersegislationaprofligatefarceandfraud.ST A TE , FINANCES.We publish elsewhere the Report of the Con- trollerinreferencetotheFinancesofourState,in reply to a resolution of the Assembly. It is a Re- port which tax-payers would do well to read care-CxiJEBXATXn-3MVIHOMACBI7XS.These mp«dor macmne* are aOapced to Family Sewing and'fee Plantation* and Manufacturing uses, and are unequaled i n e x - cellence and afrapHcity.BAXTMOLrMAXvrACTVKixo Co.,N«. 4w*4Broadway, oor. Howard-st.FINRLE&LYON'S SEWING-MACHINESreceivedthe bichest MedalattheFairof the American institute, with the highest Preo>ium foe hive Hewlng-AUclitne wors.; also, hij^i-"cended,curlingaboutthelimbs,encirclingtheRailroad,whichwaseventuallydefeated through the agency of the Attorney-General and the Courts.MONDAY, MAKCH 12, 1860.We oaooot undertake to r e w m rejected Communications No notice can be token of Anonymous Communications.?est Pxexuium at the ITair ot the Kranxlin Xn«titute, New- Jvfvj Senate and Assembly te have Madison avenue cessories of the system, and are to bo defended as the liver, were cut and torn from tne body, withState Fair, ice, &c. Agents Wanieu. UOioe. No. W> Broadway. S O M E T H I N G N E W . — A H E M M E R , T U C K E R ,o p e n e d t h r o u g h t h i s m o s t d e s i r a b l e p r o p e r t y , i ns u c h , l i k e a n y . o t h e r p r o p e r , t h o u g h s e v e r e , p e n a l t yk n i v e s f a s t e n e d u p o n p o l e s , a n d w i t h t h e s e q u i v e r -whichattachestoeverywell-orderedandlegitimatehemming m j width and tnickn<>sx of clviU. eitner side, applied The property-owners and tax-payers, who will be organization of human society. Our objection to ers shouted, " So shall it be done to the slave thatto any sewinc/machine by any one in -i few minutes. RXTAIZ.PxiCK, $5; AtlBKXAl.IflsCOUVT TOTUX TlADB.Slavery strikes deeper than thatifTis sometimespaid. stLCiotaciroular.' Also L'.NJVKUSAX. Bosox r'ou^xx and millions, have almost unanimously remonstrated, cruel, though the fact of the uniform cruelty which Lord One Thousand Eight Hundred and Fifty-FiveOrders by mall supplied, with complete instructions, postage 6Mxjr M A X X X X for quiltmg.-and w e are Bure that the case is so flagrant and is needed to sustain it is a subsidiary argument that all this was done in the presence of a crowd ofaudacious that no Senator, or Representative will against it. W e are not the less gratified, however, from ten t;> fifteen thousand persons—-about fiveL'i:vKk«A^ hsmiKic Co., No. 429 Broadway.SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.Usayct ix r.vKii\ uot'ie.Sou. SALX L YJCSIVUJUU.Maan&ctured by H.C.6yxLJ>iai* k.Co.,No.48 Cedar-it.remedy ;heonly onetn»t ever cured it, l *uspended all agencies that our New-York Senators will at once put their mond, Va., and afterward a resident of Hamilton John Kingsley, ofPortsmouth, Oliio, wrote to the for the soiie of it, and assumed the per»vnal *upervi«lou auu trettt*mentofailapplicants. Fortnepuitwoyears,myprofessional feetuponthisdemandfor"more." Muchunwise Co.,Ohio,wherehewasahighlyrespectedruling Anti-Slavery Standardofthiscity,thathewastheFo*>t-Omce address, Box No £ tiuc.CATARRH.—^To demonstrate and establish thethe rate of Canal tolls.adjust the tollBon the Canals to correspond, and wepanyallo:cei»,wii.hwillb«promptlytilled, itwJiberosaliod oymetoanyone,ato»yoHic*i-arenotwellpaidwilldowelltoleaveitalone..TfOBE DEBT—MOKE TAXES I"ontherecordsoftheCourt."diednextday. Mr.Kingsley,unabletoremain andwitnessthesufferingsoftheagonized creature, rode away and attempted to excite the neighbors totorJohnMcLeodMurphy,andBrnjamin M.Stdi-we)l (solicitor for the lamous Charley Devlin), thefriend of Senator Bernard Kelly; Richard Fran- With a tax for the $2,500,000 debt of1 milL J mill. { mill-Foz ofltee constdtatioa—oecidlu^ whesh^r the di«case is Ca- tarrh, whether complicAted wiib other disease—aud fox pergonal tieatment one montn, my charge will be, us usual, *1<>.—MarchGeneralFundof.With a tax for the School Fond of9. ISfcO.R. OOUI>ALX, irf. D., No 863Broadway, N.jY. STARR'SChemlcsily PreparedGntxFor Family Use; 25 cents per bottle, with Brush.jFox SALX EvxxTvriixxx. Manufactured and for sale by OTAKX CLCX CO.,No. 51 Libei ty-st.BARRY'S TRICOFHERUUSI»thebestandcheapestarticlefori>rci«ing, Bewoufying. Cleansing, Curling, PreaeXTliig mui Restoring Uie klal*.The late John Parrish of Philadelphia, an eminent ministeroftheSocietyofFriends,traveledthrough arescue; hewastoldtomindhisownbusiness.The tax for the interest on the $12,000,000 debt could be made contingent ou the revenues, eay•uryR. if<"**Ieby GruggistsandPerfumers. Otit H E A L T H SHOULD B E C A R E D F O R . — P u r -WardsofcurCity,whichrunsthus:J. There shall be a new City Hall constructad in"firstrank; . . . thepoorobjectwashoardto meetingwascalledonWednesdaytoconsiderthe " cry, as long as he could breathe, * not guilty—not case, and by a unanimous vote of the assembly itof the Farmers' Bank of Albany, the friend of Sena- torHammondofSteuben; Wm.B.Smith,the friend of Senator Ketcham of Dutchess County; a n d s) on to the end of the chapter.loans under tho Constitution, and the Canal revenue* would become, as heretofore, the pride and boast oftheState.'MB. HYATT'S CASE.Mr. Thaddeus Hyatt on Friday gave the U . S.Senatebisreasonsfornotsubmittingtotheir axbitrsry inquisition a t such extreme length that tbe public, we apprehend, will never consider, be-to* mi-., • A'the disease, win not only cure injUmmstory andpain*;;! :<> " iona generally xrwajs xuoio or less relieve, but do* Madison Square; bilify:. •»rinduced, 'xne bowels ixing cleansed tne digestivefjr.c"iom**tTMixvtty improved,andthep«tien«,*ot*xitouibeingwesv •• i— m nourished, aapported, and strengtaened.It.will.thus be sten that, in thevotes ofthe Cor-poration,whenformed,LawaudPettigrewwouldhold control over twenty-one—there being eighteenother corporators represented by the friends of the cause it will never see them. W e can't guess how Senatorswhocarriedthemeasuretocomplatian,so\u n pb.- • wnrnilKAXnxaTX'siriu^ ate used. sons e - tssrify to tneir entire safety.Millions of per-inoveneeiDgthework.How much more like this there may be in theminexcitedtherageofthepeoplebytheirlamen- tations,thejailwas surrounded,the murdererde-salesatTroy,Mr.James Calaway,thebrother-in- lawofoneSimon B.Thornhill,who,itseems,hadMr. John Pettigrew, we must confess, is a most worthy leader forhissectionof theband,butonea man can providently expend a quire or so of fool- scap in proving so plain a proposition as that there is no warrant in the Federal Constitution for turn- ing either House ofCongrewintoasortof extraaud i y »' Oiugglits. l'ric« 25 ceoU and 50 cents per oox.. B . nXs.VPXXTM.DP.. MARMH continues to.apply his RADICALCUXJS 1 _v»« with soeoc**, in eCw'.ing permanont cures of flor- Six orBoptare,. atX£»*o.,2 Vesey-st. Ladieswaited uponbya i»*uah» iu j/ri »ate rooms. Ai»o, 1'xtrsaxa of every deeorlptiou for permanent .etootion of Rupture, Batning Trusses, Sayporters. Sboaldex-Bcxoes, suspense ry Bandage*, silk Elastic Stockinga, JkAee-Cap*, JaJUaf, and ail Surgical appliances soiontkically tapptted, fey *, AXSX At Co., So. %Voaey-st., N . Y .BRIDGLWATER PAINT.—Metallic Coating ofa surfeit. on the then outskirts of the city, but near/the Sspot.I ishment, mounted a box in the street, and exhorted intimate relations with—judging from one chapter vate citizens, no wise connected with or subsisted —Need we again entreat the Legislature not to where the Court-House was afterward: built, brush- the people to do speedy justise upon tho murderer, of his operations and history to be found, on the by the'Government, to compel them to give tes'i' impose one single dollar on this plundered City be- wood and green wood was piled about him, and fire and closed by saying, " A l l that feel as I do will record-books of tho Superior Court in this city* If mony whereby they*are to be subjected to iguominjTknowingly commit himself to such a disreputableto see this disposition of Southern members to test the rightfulness of thesystem byitshumanity, and' we proceed to facts.years before the time when, and six hundred miles from the place whore, M r. Davis denied that the South ever burned a negro alive.scheme.already secured some of the most valuable franchisesThe HarlemRailroadCompanyharemm.v,mm. •<m*rmm f.fjiI860.T•BELIEF INSTANTANEOUS—TOthesufferers from evenconsider sackabillaaMurphy's saveontheir . CHXOW ic RuHrxATtsic, Somx T«*o AT*, TOOTHACM. SnMsww formal requisition ?of the Jowrr*. end COBTRAOTTON of the Muaci.«s, by ©B»'*PRU: catten of Dr. TOBIAS^ VHKHTIAW Lwnrticr. Pain oennctexbt where thi« Liniment i« need. Price 25 end 50 oeata. Sold by •11 Drnggbt*. Depot No. 56 Coartlandt-et.WINDER'S P A TENT SALAMANDER SAFE.The Gteat Ffce-Proof Safe of the World, aeoored with tfte sand a t best, overborne by a t least Forty Thousand were seized by the neighbors, and two of them im - this topic in future.controversy, approached Rufus F. Andrew*, tka counsel employed to obtain an injunction tit that case, with an offer of any reasonable " competBa- "tion"ifMr.Andrewswoaldbetrayhisetieata.•rsrbeing cheated out of the property in themselves, 8left them by their master, set on fire thefeoase of fully submit it to Messrs. Davis and Gartrell, and theoverseer,andawhitechildwaslostinthe toSoutfcernMembewofCongressgenerally,asaembittered adversaries. Our local government mediately hanged. The rest were confined in acouldnotwellbeworse,andwehavepreviouslittle loghouse,andchainedtothe floor. A torch was •mercyfromit. Yetwecanandwillincreaseour thenputtothebuilding,andthemiserablecreaturesvote steadily if YOU will afford us some relief from roasted by a slow fire, while the air was rent with created by the recent action of the Senate, granting w&s in personal command, superintending the job therobberies,someprotectionfromtherascalities, theircries. Thisstory,wegrant,isnotauthenti- toGeorgeLaw,JohnPettigrew,andtheirassoci- inallitsdetails. Hehadonthefield,ashisfirst of our Municipal leeches. Butif you turn iu and cated bya responsible name, and comes only on th& ates, the right to construct a horse railroad in assistant, Waldo Hutcbins, his legal adviser, and aggravate their extortions—nay, even outdo them authority of a Northern!paper, which is not sup- Broadway and forty-eight other streets of the City Oliver Charlick, vtho was summoned to the contest by attempting to steal yoursebes rich out of the posed to be capable of telling the truth upon this of New-York, in utter de6ance of the dictates of by telegraph, and whose genius in such busmess isconfiscation of ourmostvaluable franchises-—.whatcanwedo? Wedonotfear that youwill finallypassthatshamefulGridironRailroadbill;butwhy publishedatthetimeinthepapersofthecountry, reprobation—thetermsofthegrant,orthemanner classoflocalassistantsatAlbanv,beadedbyAbra-solve to let such Railroads as are needed be made,ever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the and the utmost bonus that can be obtained for the credence is given on newspaper authority.Since the passage cf the bill through the Senate, and to confer this franchise, the Senate have con- the press throughout tbe entire State has attackedWhat-he measure with scathing disclosures, even The Albany Atlas and Argus being unable to stontaoh t, and appealing to the other branch of the Legis- atureandtheExecutivevetotodefeatthemeasure who seek to devour them, and we can raise the the 25th of December, 3855, " the particulars of a evidently concocted and matured outside of the nd " avert from our legislation this damning dis-franchises be paid over to reduce our large andgrowing debt? D o not imagine that you can serve and to papers that never lie, at least,, on this topic. stage interests, amounting to at least $150,000.But let us come down to more recent instances, at once God and Mammon, for the thing is impossi- •" I have just received," writes a correspondent ofeented to sacrifice the vested rights of all our Cityble. Standbetween ourcitizens andthewolves T7icJV.O.Picayune, atJackson, Mississippi,onRepublican vote here to Thirty Thousand next Fall; " most horrid affair just transpired at Lexington, Senate—the action of this body being a mere form, 4' grace and aiehonor." Nevertheless, it will be seenSEXATK, March 10.—Mr. Pross«r submitted a minor-ityreportontollingRailroads.Communicationsfrom mayhaveFortyThousandmajoritytoovercome hoodwasassaulted,on.alonelyroad,byaslave, whereandforreasonsnotappearingontheSenate measure:thenoticetosuspendtherulescomingfromNol *tT Broon»e-«t., oa« door w<»*of Broadway.BSFENSCHEID'S proverbial success in hitting therabtfeta*tehasnotrerb«enaotriumphantlydemonstratedasinSepopoiarity otbU splendid Smixt* HAT IOT lStiu. it is super-UttrctoHy t# p»7 *< »'ora HatLa Li.oad^ay, when a moreb^nu- ceived from the Assembly, and was made the special decency do not suffice to make you just to us, be rescued, however, before he lura* accomplished his tlfalandafineronecanb«badatNo.USNaaaau-st.,for$350.the Quarantine and Central Park Commissioners were received and discussed. The Kailroad Toll bill was re-SenatorGrant;the"reportinitsfavorfromSenator Lawrence; the engineeiing from Senator SpinoU; andthetwoSenatorsfromthiscitywhovotedforit being Senators Murphy and Kelly, all Democrats.One very ugly feature of this Senate business is to bo found in the following facts: It was directlybut without fear. May they be no wise disap- pointed in her verdict!rRE<^MAGNETIC FromSpecial Uispatca to Tb« NWA3THE DEPART!The Brooklyn has round t o Norfolk, foi McLaneandConsul expect t o sail this \ longer. M r. McLane the ratification of the sent after the Prend temporary delay, to Mexico,wasconcede poseofsendinghicaine the policy to be r tacks Vera Cruz, in p eulato and propert,. Home Squadron has to concentrate his fore and toactin the cent after a full conaultatio desigu n*wistolandt tate a collision, but a ce*aequenc*s,Mr.M explicitiusiructijm;, iscapableofabandoi beencarriedcut.MK. BRECKUfRJMessrs. Slidell c temptedamofoment Pennsylvania on Mr. jbut without success.. s< the Pennsjlvania- de thatway. Mr.BrucI slave-code speeches h and Mr. Douglas's iritJl .nomination.TH; Tho Opposition ni<Hj Committee have n;:uureport whenever the main features of Mr. with various improve: 000, to fund the Treas the measure.THE CONSE Desperate effort* ai crats in carrying tho C ameansofincitingStemade to nominate M at Charleston.NORTH CABOLDTheDemocraticco has chesen delegates :o andtheindicationsarc example. Hischances createddecidedlyintl the beat point of concei least objectionable to tiTHE ADM1N1S1UMr.morning, but have av of investigation to IKJ absence this week mayTHE s: PTheSupremeCourt; and Judge Taney expe< PKlSecretary Floyd has tolookaiterhispen<on• T H EFourhundredauu cadetships at the dispo?o tho Associated Pr«ss. _ VThe subject of the inn; Texas win soon axs'-ii Committee on the JuoicThelriendsof thea Wyandot Constitution the success of the niea&i jiresent session.The Senate's Commit ported a bill for the i J'ant aud Company, v scienceotanallegedvi taxy of the Treasury. ir fortheTenMillion"1.^ Secretary torefund &he lity by tho bidders, ;uu quentialdamages.tot jneni.The House Coram itu examined »even wituei printing. They will p: j u n k e a r e p o r t , a h / n v u thedemoralizingusest &a»beenapplied.About thirty of the fa iforuia laud claims hai preme Court during to*. toafewofthemwille to all.Thediscussionofthe pendedfor nearly tw< ajuired by the State Ogo snacks with those wokes at ourcost, and you " in this State." A. young lady of the neighbor- while the substantial arrangement was made else- hereinNovember. Ifintegrityandasenseof whoattemptedtoviolateherperson. Shewas minutes. , ..bat the bill in its inception was a DemocraticentreatednottoruintheCausewhichhashonored youSliAYX-JBUKNIKCrflUEven before notice of the bill was given, Seatorn Grant,ofSullivan,tooktherequisitemeasurstoe have every rule of the Senate which might stad inn thewayoftheimmediate passage ofttiebill, sus-Historical accuracy is not always to be looked into Lexington, chained to a stake, and burned ways of legislation were smoothed and oiled before charged by the press that the Senators representedinthebillhadmetandheldacaucusatGeorge Law's rooms in the Delavan House, there matur- ing the plan, and making arrangements for thenames to be incorporated.own worxiooma—will, we think, bear comparison with any ceived. Bills were receivedforvariouslocalobjects, both of which it isaswelltocorrect. The first "at Mount Mtigs. He acknowledged himself on Cities and Villages. On the very next day, before tho Senate, the Senators implicated madetheEnginetr-in-Chiefputonhislocomotive. OnlastTuesdaynight;thebillwasintroduced mistakes, however, as matters of hnitory, were says: " W e learn that the negro who murdered by Senator Fiero of Greene County without pre- made in the debate in the House on Wednesdiy, " Mr. Capeheart was burned to death yesterday, vious notice, and at once referred to the CommitteeforfromMembersofCongresa,norisitalways worthwhiletosetthemrightwheniuerror. Twoalive.TheMontgomery (Ala.)MailofApril3,1856,involved have arrived in time to appear before this serving the highest congratulation and self-compla- Committee^even if summoned by telegranh. cency. In answer to insinuations made .by Senator On Wednesday night, the bill, being printed in Bell, Spinola asked, " Why is the Senator so sen- I Divorce^—which w e have had in type for the last be an unsafe visiting-plaae for some Southern Mem- oil"in triumph. " They left in high glee," says TIte advance, was taken up; and, under the engineering " sitive 7 Is it because ho was left outside, shiver-arrest,confessedhisguilt. Thorntonandhisfriends his opponent, Boston or Salem would at this day took him from the jail by a stratagem, and bore himmurdered a daughter of his mistress, and, after hisROBERT DALE OWEN'S Second Letter onfour days—appears herewith. We shall pay our bers of Congress. of Senator Spinola of Kings, was put through under " ing in the cold ? Is it because was not taken in TWhig, a n d carried their prisoner t o t h e appointedrespectstoitinadayortwo. 'ThesecondmistakewasthatofMr.Davisof placeofsacrifice. Herehewas''tiedtoastake, aresolutionwhichfixedthenextmorningathalf "Thatreallyseemstobethecauseofallthstron-Mississippi,andwasofagravercharacter,inasmuch " withfat,lightwoodpiledaroundhim,andthetorch past11o'clockforthetimeof itsthirdreadingand ."blewithhim."The Missouri Republican State Convention met as it referred to the present century, about which " was applied in the presence of two thousand final passage, without amendment or debate. This Whatever may be thought of the dishonor of at S t Louis on Saturday. F . P . Blair, B . Gratz it is to be supposed he knows something, rather than " persons,Tvho had met there to witness the novel plan was duly executed on Thursday morning—all him who bribes or attempts to bribe a legislator, woBrown, Fred. Muench and James Sutton were to a remote period, concerning which a slight inac- " scene." There were, it seems, some rumors debate being insolently stifled; and, under the pres- conceive that he is superior to the wretch he deals electeddelegatesatlargetotheChicagoConven- curacyispardonable.Hedeniedwithmuchwarmth afloat,that"Dave"wastortured,butthese,The sureofSpinola,thebillwasconsummatedbythe with;fortbelatterhastobetrayhishi|htrustand tion. Itwa»understoodthatthedelegationwill thatslaveswereeverburnedtodeathattheSouth. Wldgdeclares,were"entirelyuntrue.'.' So,burn- Senateinthirty-six hoursfromthetimewhenthe violatohisoathofoffice. Byatatate,itismadea stand 12 for Mr. Bates and 6 against him, as the Nor was the statement allowed to go forth upon his ing alive is not torture in Alabama. An inquiring first click of the trap was heard !nominee for the Presidency. unaided testimony. M r. Gartrell of Georgia con- mind, which is not sensitive, might seek to know Could anything be more indecent, or more sug-sidered the assertion that such acts wore ever per- what is. . gestive of suspicious, agencies ? Through all its the Legislature to receive a bribe, or for any manThe steamer New-York reached this port yester- petrated a libel upon the South, and pronounced it Dr. Parsons gives another instance which oc- stages, the Senators from Sullivan, Greene, Kings to offer one; and it is made the special duty of the daywithSouthamptondatestothe22dofFebrua- falseandunfounded. Wehavetosetboththeso currednotlongbeforehisvisitinGeorgia,thepar- andQueensCounties,weretheactiveengineers AttorneyGeneralOftheStatetoattendinperson ry,thesameasbroughtbytheNova-Scotianand gentlemenright, r€gretting atthesametimethat ticularsofwhich hereceivedfromeye-witnesses. andinstrumentsofthebill. Itisalsotobere- tothetrialofallsuchindictments. Theremustbe telegraphed from St. John's on Thursday night last. we cannot give them the benefit of the qualification A slave had received from his mistress some punish- marked that Lieut. Gov. Campbell, though in Al- a good deal of evidence lying loose round Albany at The main points of the newa brought by the Nesv- we admit in the other case; for while we acknowl- ment of great severity, when he seized a hatchet, bany, absented himself from the Senate Chamber, present, and to its collection in Jcgal shape we com- Yorkhavealreadybeen published, butthe detailswill be found interesting.ABRAHAM LINCOLN spoke on Friday at Nor- recently burned her slaves at the stake, but we self tojnstice. Justice in civilized countries would movers in the scheme.But the South, we shall' show, has not only quiteat once to the Court-Houee and surrendered him-wich, Conn., and on Saturday evening at Bridge- have no doubt, under similar provocation, she will have been hangirg. In Georgia, it was this: The When we come to examine the names of the utive; but we do think that the facts demand ando so again.addressinouxCity,twoweeks ago. Mr.Lincoln human affairsitoftenhappens thatindividualsuf- oak tree near the Court-Honse. A fire' madehas done a good work and made many warm fering is necessary to the general good. Tfiese of hard-pine shavings was kindled beneath mon Conned of our City, to pass a similar C$yslave was given to the mob, who first gave him Dummy Corporators, the secret history of the example to be made, which will prevent the recur- We may further premise by saying that we are fifty lashes a day for five days to prepare him for measure unfolds itself page by page. The chief rence of such attempts in future—attempts which,Xport, whence he came on by the Night Express tothis City, attending the churches of Drs. BeecherandChapinyesterday. Heleavesthismorningfor surprisedattheexcitementandindignantdentalof whatwastofollow. Onthefollowing Sunday,he namesarenotnewtous,havingoftenbeenparaded morethananythingelse,strikedirectlyattheprin- heme,bywayoftheErieRailroad,havingspoken thisfactbytheSouthernmembers. Burningnn^ wastakenfromthejail,acdsuspended,naked, byGeorgeLawonsimilarservice. Itisbutafew cipleofself-government,making,ifsuccessful,all ouceinNew-Englandforeachseculardaysincehi* doubtedlyisaterribledoaih,butinthecourseof byhistwohands,fromthelimbofalarge monthssince,underanevasionofthelaw,thatangentlemen would seem to admit by the warmth offriends during this visit.We call attention to a remonstrance, printed in charge would be a confession of the wrongfulness l'1 body, scorching the nerves, crushing the fibers,theirresentmentthatanacknowledgmentoftheour paper of this day, of the owners of a msyority of Slavery. Impatient men are apt to be illogical. " charring the flesh—and, in mortal anguish, hSenate, there were added the names of John Petti-iact «hat my theory of this «:.v?«»e w»a Jbe only trueoo*, andmy in the City without cost to themselves, and wc trust Our first witness is a Mr. Poe, a native of Rich- On the 7th of.Janury, 1857, three years ago, M r. grew and eight others of no particular note, so as " Restore the Railroad tolls to the Canal Fund,andwerrice*h«ve been rendexedin lue cities of JNew-jtork, Boston and unjust legislation is perpetrated through inad- elder in the Presbjterian Church. Iu a letter, an<i Bwi)a<o, where u^any ssmta nave been tendered me ror refer-Wantsforsuperintendence,collection,and porators (thirty-nine) in Law's hands; while the repairsence, in grateful attestation'Una my txeatmeut andcure w«re notfictitious out positive. My cn«ige to each pa'.ient was -t>i0 for avertence, and we are willing to allow s-juioLhing towritten about twenty years since, upon the subject500,000 week before in Carter County, Ky., where he saw balance of the corporators should be mide up of indi- WaDts for Sinking Fund under 1st section.. 1,700,000month's;re<t.m«nt. Hvriu^ actoineuu.yobjectandsecuteclpub- thehaste andbustleatAlbany; butwabelieveno ofSlavery,hosays: "In GoochlandCounty,Vir- .abouthim,andsetonfire. Themanbelonged toWantsforintereston$12,000,000debtunderthe 3d section ..'. uhe conficencfi, i shall UX»M piace theremedy withm reach o; ail, atthenominalpriceomyof»1abottle—whichwillgenerallybe snf&ciecttocureanyOne pv.a^a.Excepting theNew-Lngiand states, and British Lower Prov- inces, andtne City of New-i oik,ah uruggists and otncri will Do suppliedatmyothcewishthearticleforletail,atthopriceol<g<l perdozen.£i>opergross,witlidirection*lotusing,tic"ginia,anoverseertieda slavetoa tree,flogged"him again andagainwith greatseverity, then"/piled brush around him, set it on fire, and burnedwhocareonlyfortheirownreputationsherowill "himtodeath. Theoverseerwastriedandim- wasthentried,and,thoughnotburnedtodeath,henumbers as many as the Senators who voted for the bill.710,000 355,000honestmancancountenance this scheme ofthe HarlemRailroadCompany, andthatmemberswilloneWm.McMinnis,ofthat county,andwassus- pectedofplanning aninsurrection. He wasfirst whipped, 20Q lushes, but denied his guilt. FireWantsforiDtereettuidSinkingFundontbe $2,500,000 debtthank us for calling their attention to it.As it will not be p'aced on como/i««ion, payment must accom- give this scheme no encouragement, and those who " prisoned. The whole transaction may bo foundTotal attained,willenableustogetalong*withataxfortheThoseThus we find from Kings County, Andrew B.Hodges,1hefriend ofSpinola. FromtheCityofNew-York, Walter L . Caasin, the partner of Sena- "Thin retiult, which is soulidently believed may beTIte Union Springs (Ala.) Gazette of the23dthere is a super-Arctic refrigeration which passes this century, and on his return published a pamphlet December, 1858, gives the particulars of the mur- J. H . Ransom, friend of Senator Truman of Tioga;We {usecoolness—in fact, we doat on it—but the Slave States, on a religiousmission, earlyinpany, the friend of Senator Ramsey of Schoharie;I mill. ...2^ mill*.Covode'sC obeyond the limits even of onr admiration. And an entitled "Remarks on the Slavery of the Black der of a Mr. J . by his slave boy Mitford. H e hademinent example of this excess is evinced in a " People." AmoDgother instances of cruel punish- been whipped, and chained up from Saturday toThomas T . Davis of Syracuse, the friend of Senator Munroe of Onondaga; Richard E . Winsor, theTotal.Wirh a certain prospect of our direct taxation for State purposes being reduced the next year to 11mills, and"'asitwere,greatdropsofblood.'" Butbeforelifewasentirelyextinguished, thelungs,the heart,theState; andinthebillwhichhaspassedtheSen- ate w e find Law UBing the names of Wm. H . Hays, Jacob Hajs, Frederick T . Hays,.Minthorne Tomp- k i n s , j r . ^ , ( s o n - i n - l a w o f J a c o b H a y s ) , E d w a r d B . St.John,JamesMurphy, JamesS.Hunt,LewisA. Cohen, Thcmas H. Tower, Wm. P . Buckmaster, Joseph S . Craig, a n d W m . Ravensteyne—all of these names having originally appeared i n t h e Yonkers Railroad grant attempted to be made by the Common Council.In order to keep up Law's majority of interest inthe scheme as enlarged and to be passed by therent toanyoneat allfamiliar with our financial condition,that, aswe are going onnow,ataxof 3£ mills upon each dollar of the taxable property of t h e S t a t e w 11 b e r e q u i r e d t o m e e t t h e d e m a n d s u p o n theTreasury,withoutenteringuponanynewworks of Internal Improvement, or making any extraor- dinary appropriations. To avoid so highandonerous a tax upon the people, he proposes to re- turn to the Canal policy pursued previous to 1851, by reestablishing tolls during tho season of naviga-^on on property transferred on such Railroads as compete with the Canals, and advancing somewhata negro tied to a stake, a pile of dry wood heapedviduals selected from all parts of the State, and in Wants for Sinking Fund under 2d section... 350,000proposition recently submitted, in a thoroughly off- ment, he states that a slave " was burnt to death at Monday, and, when released by his master, seized lriend and connection by marriage of Senator Ses. thereafter still lower; and the S'nkm# Fuuds being'' a stake in Charleston, surrounded by a multitude an ax and killed him. The negro made no attempt State, by Mr, J. McLeod Murphy, from the lower "of spectators, some of whom were people of the to escape, and no resistance when taken. A publiclestored, would no longer be called 'myths,'but be- sionsofChautauqua;EdwardE.Keudrick,cashier comeasubstantialbasisonwhichtonmkedeficiencyhand,matter-of-coursefashion,totheSenateofourgatiTex»« ine*,whenproperly preparedandusedaccordingto and for this emporium,tobelocated inor upon "'guilty!'" ••••"- wasresolvedtoburnhim alive. "That evening,"In the year 1836, a man of color was arrested in continues The Gazette, " a t 3 o'clock, inthepres-" en^o of500 persons, hewas chained to a treeand "burned."2 Thecostthereofsha;lnotexceed Three Mil- lions of Dollars, whi«;h the Controller is directed toSt..Louisforsomeoffense,butwasrescuedbyone Mackintosh, a free man of color, astoward on board a Bteamboat. On his way to the jail, in order to effecthisescape,hestabbedandkilledoneofhisT».-.. » uUe BK»XT>XXTK'S 1'II.U sorely care Khetunatism,Colv .^ .itheria. and r*slidul Alteclions genetai y, ther never borrow as may be needed.injiu* - Wn the severity of the dh»ea*e is past, aiter a few-days:>,<,ui<-ntgetswell. Heisnotstruckdownbyotherandmore ; • .uahk» symptvma, •*hich too often are the result of theiod».~ - colcntevoB, or i6i OH...- Remedies which have been are to have Un dollars a day each for their services captors. The wife and children of the rnurdered first day of last year, 1859, at the, annual negro far as their power extended. -m, *,,. v And, aia* : toe doctors are beie generally at a loin,stK.»:^ej<-Wnt4't*inthogreatestaitonjr. Tli»-fceresjitsavt*>to.ThethreeCommissioners(alreadyappointed)They closed those pleasant Christmas holidays of1858inthesamewayinTroy,Ky. Ontheyond the official requirements ofher constituted authorities,andtheabsolutenecessitiesoftheState? We are not now considering the special merits (whicharepreciousfew)ordemerits(whichare mountainous)ofthisNewCityHallproject;theyettotheheap,inpresenceofaconcourse oftwo orthreethousandofthecitizensofStLouis. The oor wretch was from twenty minutes to half an hourindjing,duringwhichhewasprayingor singinghymnsinacalmvoice. Whenhislegs" follow me." Eight hundred orathousand fol- lowed him. They wenttothejail,tookoutthe prisoner, and in the jail-yard itself drove down a stake,towhichtheychainedhimhandand feet Finesplitwoodwaspiledaroundliint,andhewaswearenotmistaken,itisthesameJohn Pettigrewwhowent onthestand,indefenseofacivilsuit,and testified that he had bribed members of theCommonCouncilinthematteroftheEighthAvenueifnotto punishment Everybody knows that, if Mr.HyattcantcUxanythingthattheSenatewants to know, hisevidence must inculpate himfelf—that heisarrestedandcatechisedtothatend.Ifho couldtellanythingtothepurpose,hemusttellthat he had been privy to a Conspiracy to instigate rebel- lion;andthatisjustwhatiswantedofhim. If»Railroadgrant,givingnames,dates,amounts,and and Wood, Villa*, vChurcnea, see Contracts for PAIXTISO r«- are utterly wide of the main question. If we were consumed, the trunk disappeared in the blaz- miserably burned to death. " H o gave," says a an interestjng detail of conversations. It is properSUicia for 1<<x*«, Outside Woik, Railroad Bridges, JOepots, Brick cetred at depot, No. 72 Maiden-lane. Htexx Ac BXTTS, Agents.needed a new City Hall ever so much, instead of ing pile. '*There."' said R bystander, " it is over correspondent of The MaysviUc (Ky.) Eagle, to add,that these disclosures were not made byP B A L O N & S O N ' S ** S N O W - W H I T E O R I E N T A Le v e r s o l i t t l e , w e s h o u l d p r o t e s t a g a i n s t a n y p r o v i s i o n " w i t h h i m ; h e d o e s n o t f e e l a n y m o r e n o w . " " Y e s " s o m e o f t h e m o s t h i d e o u s s c r e a m s I e v e r h e a r dc u l p r i t w e r e o n t r i a l , b e m i g h t b e c a l l e d t o t e s t i f y ; himuntilafterasufficienttimehadelapsedtomake butthenhecoulddeclinetocriminatehimself;nowC K X A J I " 5»r whitening and beautifying the complexion. War-rantedha.nowayinjarlvtu. NoladysnouldbowithoutIt.Ob-serve that every bottle ha* the proprietors' name blown in thegMte POT sale everywhere. PHALOX fc Sox, SBr Broadway. ly sanctioned and demanded by our Board of Super- flameB. This closeB our record; for we have not yet heard ment and conviction at the criminal bar. H e is Here is the close of his response;CHILTON ON T H E CROTON.The IHaphT&gni Filter manufactured by McKx.vzix k 0*HAXA If the kind of porous Filter to whicb 1 alldded in my recent re- port to tne Croton Board. 1 coewtder the artificial sandstone whichronoti-.u:e>thePilt*ringmedium,tobeanexcellen:arti-visors and Common Council. You, gentlemen at Albany!doubtlessknowagreatdeal;buthowcanA correspondent of Tlu, Cincinnati Herald, in of a case of slave-burning in the year I860. TheseJuly,1845,writestothatpaperthat,notlongbefore, whichwehavegiven are,ofcourse,onlyscatteredalso the same Pettigrew who lives in the annalBoftheStreetDepartment,andintheeditorialcolumnsofthispaper,connectedwiththefamous forged thehonorableSenate,wouldrespectfullyanswertheir contract for earth-filling; and it is he, also, who, second interrogatory—'Are you now ready to appearforitbytheLegislaturewhichhadnotbeenofficial- "Ido,"answeredasteadyvoicefromoutofthe u comefromanyhumanbeing."thostatuteoflimitationsshieldhimagainstindict-he cannot.you safely assume to knowwhetfaer our City wants tome slaves near Oakland Cottage, Mississippi, cases; for the list can only comprise those that wecleforthepurpose. Theinstrument isquitedurable,andonly Thrt»MDlioos'worthofNewCityHall,unlessher wereemancipatedbythewilloftheirmaster. For canturntoreadily,andwithlittlesearch. Doubt-requiras to be reverted equally to ia.ort> its actiom jxxx*It.C«II.IO>-,M-0-,Ch'.mJUt.constitutedauthoritiesaj-kforit?Whyshouldyousomereason,thewillwasnotcarriedout,andthe leuB,manymorehavebeenpublished,andmany duringthopendencyofthelatoYonkersRailroadbeforesaidCommittee,andau»w«rsuchproperques- Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069IBAIXBOAB SENATE.A very general feeling of indignation has beenNo case similar to this can be fouud on the re- cordsofanycivilized country. TheschemewasSenator Lapham of Clinton, one of the most activeWe have no idea that tbe proposed bill can re- ceive the sanction either of the Assembly or Exec-to keep a clear majority of the total number of cor-will receive from toJIs,sayftf,<500,000chot, President of the Susquehanna Railroad Com-. ..-.,.-,r,';>Kr^,^..^,^..,..^. .;^^fl^0. .felony, punishable by imprisonment for a period of"The undersigned, having thusgiven his reasowfor not having appeared before the Select Committee ofThis matter being broughtT h e Controller says:$3,015,000i3 i hi8*. iions -«• shall be pn" The undersigned larily appear at any t any Comraittee of t ready, upon bis rights apected in accordancein tbe Constitution of i "He regards him**! Constitution becauseC thecoerciveprocessesiroittee, and by tbu° against whose usurpat 3son, and the framer.i •oughttoshieldtb*ir< the part of the under* justification before <i His judgment does iWillnotpermitit."All which is dutifully;Weregrettosee tinue« in a state ef New-Ywk no longer "Police in the pay of p inrrable state of th:.ng which our cotemporvt made universal I Ta District-Attorney, tit CollectorofthePort, the Street Commkru>i ISfaval cfficer, the SuI aors and Receiver, t geants,theAlderm^r aboutever}'manin;<r succeed in getting h* from "several pub! city," who would m course from a high sei pient Whatpozzh-s should limit the appiic GeneralSuperintenuei narrowness altogether and grandeur ofitsa.eThe Hon. CLARK I Montgomery District theStateAsylumat1 family. Hisfriend*1:butitisnotthoc^ his seat in the Ifon-*.: , . www.fultonhistory.com 