 16KIWI YOKE. HERALD, SATURDAY, JAK\JARY 28, 1860.-TR1PL1•;I:IM;I«T imimar|. while o v enemies, h weeeas,'would •*te6»' •*t r w **?'.J"** ^„'Zmtjo**** "views" Ho ether "over act" 5T2. ^nwrmiiTery aemead r*s1stoar» on « pert,as the S ^ «teS«Taf toe* caa-lidate. Then- organisation *SEWS HtOM ^AfaHOTOrf, ^pOTtant PTOceedJr.ga in the; Ishould aot, ito my ooaftdBBg onasutu-few words to aUte jr •tve 1 admit tha*, J M -Mr.Oark, I atoo hare£^smeatioa af the vote I am about toatom,aad,MTM""j^rMadari at iwr-~ af an army wtuch tmrtnosve a* m^*—amyg<Mt. Be*,we a-i D* i r K-j0 I £nT*aal£Houseof Representatives., 0*0*********s**\im*'i***+***^*S%lr<S'>**^aaaty of.re asked how « * « p t»«a^. ^ wpfjthisidea * ^^i££!£ ^2" ET?.^owsmed aver the eataraet that Has before aa, or are * BUM man. kteh-,«„- a* dasoivinc the Union/ Thto IS EimORWHARY AM HCITIS6 SCOT. ^ ^ u . , with tho uadw-hadin, «tat they would ^a*tels^MOjaterW»a^a the republicans la tha orgaateatton of »ho Houaa.- f i d —, i m M £ e ttret year af ear BevctuifcrA, whenAmerican party was «»*>»*» upon t h e r e a t •bk-h lies before ust Are w - » « * • 2 ^ B r , l k e question of slavery, and I have frequently as)howouldaotengagehiaperoonalcootroverywttb Mtasinthemidstof)Uhte',*£,£*^J.'^titomgit; saidso at thestump » •V_tF"0P*;Md I ProlwwcfilandD^pwrtteStroztfeforMM„«•ww«-—-wj— - _engageIn -"r^.C^nT -^oCudTiTban^not'.u.- havealsosaidthatifIbadtodecidebetweenEiU- more and Fremont, 1 would have voted for Fillmore ImberentvttaWyt*tt\*cteBMmratto party? My purpose, felt then as I feel now, that as brtween snembere of theter,totoChange, pay vote: but my purpose ^Uso American party Md the resmWteen p s m , ^ £ « • * £ » *tbte most fully to not *C eluiaa tt ta the direction which my beritate a moment in deciding ta favor of the former orate were eoagresjatad on the aide ofHethe SptXfcfrsHip.io* a»ybody to make it, ao- terrly o-f a dally paper, which has an oworwnltyto Itrshthesanaaeecorintry,Mr. before the Detlarauon was j who made K had sot «T«a The people of the ententes,tl»editor of the mtome. n t w a a b a d j ^ b ^ antdoeparwttcuexcept by a email hut influential aria voted with the democrats for Mr. Smith. It was the sub a full knowledge and understanding of the position he asratoc ottqae. That oligarcnt cannot forget toe Revoln- Ject of remark that the leading friend* of Mr Breckin- occupied. He had never sacrificed any democratic opi-it was in the power of the democrats to elect Mr. Smitbr Mr. MAIXORY replied that the vote of the democraticparty proper would elect him.Mr. McCxasjtAND then expressed the hope that the gen-tlemen from the Northwest would feel themselves justi- fled in this extraordinary emergency in voting for Mr. Smith.wanted Mr. Smith himself to answer the question.Mr. LARRAWEE, (dem) of Wis, said be represented more foreign born constttutenta than any man on this floor, and that every one of them would justify his votefor Mr. Smith. (Applause.)Mr. BDIDMAX, (dem.) of Ark., stated on authority thatMr. Smith never was a Know Nothing. Be discarded the doctrines of that organization. Be was satisfied of this factMr. LOGAKsaid that Mr. Smith told him out of his own mouth that he never belonged to tha American organixaBJM af July, i n a , which dep» ived Br.uta of tBia magni9-•sat Weatsrn empire; and it sees, with even bitterer fee!- ridge for the Charleston nomination were among the most tews, iu own waning power aad vanishing privilege* active ia their efforts to elect Mr. Smith.wmtOer the ineptrttteg influences of oar prosperity. It,however, • ataraye ready to take by the hind any Am*. •The reasons given by some of the Northern democrats,nion or doctrine, but did denounce the Lecompton policy, and did so now.Mr. RKSGB, (dem ) of N. J , did not think it proper for gentlemen to notice newspaper attacks, because they oc-SBSBB of prooalnent pcaitlen who habitually denounces and in the presence of Mr. Smith, for voting for turn, that be cupy so much of the time of the House. He would say,however, that he made no pledge, aa charged, either im plied or express*!, to aid the republicans to organise the House.A tun TO mrrmtR KXPLAIWTHWS.Mr. MOKHIGHT, (rep.) of Pa., asked leave to offer a reso- aaewttea, 'bat whose influence on the opinion of such an extent that had the etecuoa of Mr Smith depend- lution, that hereafter no personal explanations be in order,Mr. BococK, (dem ) of Va.—Sir, when we met heresome week's ago, there were three or four different oar-tics on the floor of this House. There was the republicanparty, the democratic party proper, the Southern oppo-sition and the anti Lecompton party. Now, from thefirst it was perfectly eridenteto me that DOone of those tioo.ites his own government aad labors for ite ov-;r- Ln this connection I romeuiber a statement muleed upon the vote of one of hto American frieuds he would have been defeated, unless he disavowed the expression alluded to. Nme 1 do not feel at liberty to— Iisisis1 Europe • considerable, who admitted«• hiaa that there was nothing, in fact, wrong in oararcro liavery; but who nevertheless declared that if tileexcept to correct the reports in the offi .ial paper, or to modify languageusedtodebate. Thesepersonalexplana- tions have grown into an enormous abuse. Members} say tbey don't cam about newspaper paragraphs, yet thaySu-ties could command a majority to organize the ouse. The democratic party presented several can- didates, of whom it does not become me to speak;Mr. BnersTT, (dem.) of Ky., understood that Mr. Mor- ris, of Illinois, WManxious for organisation, and waa willing and ready to organize with a national man against the republicans. Be submitted to him that, such beingthat if ttet conditions were reversed, they would not"8 wilting to submit for a moment, and many, like Mr. Kiit- saore. do us the justice to say that it would bef-madness or fairy to believe" that we would "submit to be governed bysuchaChiefMagistrate"asFremont. Thegeneraltone of fee ling In tha S o o n , and the rapid formation or vigi'ancc committees and military companies, indicate that out people have not forgotten the lessons of the Revolution^ aad there may be a contest wmoag the States as to which shall be most prompt to resist To avoid Bay such neces- sity, our people are dtoposedjjeneralry, to make every ef- fort coastoteat with honor. "They will, with great uaauini- siv. go into battle upon the old platform of principle*, aad, warring all past issues, heartily support the standard bearer who may be selected. But the fate of the country manly depends upon the success which may crown the aborts of those brave and patriotic men in the North, who, in spite of the odds arrayed against them, have so teag maintained an unequal1 struggle against the anli- atevery current. They fight under a flag which waves ina every State of the Fn.on. Should it rail, it carries with tt aa older and a still more honored emblem—that tanner aader which Washington marched to victory, which Jack sea maintained triumphantly, and which baa been borne gallantly and gloriously over every sea, I have still con idence in the good fortune of the United States, and hi "view of the many providential occurrences in tha past, still anticipate a triumph for the republic.l o m l a a t l o a o f C h i e f E n g i n e e r o f ttea F i r * D e p a r t m e n t .cratic principles. My position upon tbte floor, and my re- Anxious cries from the republican side to announce the tin of Ohio, Martin of Virginia, Maynard, MoCter-Is a disposition among some of thorn to leave him and take > attendance was large, probably not a single company up a democrat. They say the Americans are bound to trywith a Sincere desire to allay the existing agitation, (Ap- plause.)Mr. CBAIGX. (dem.) of N. C , who had uniformly voted for Mr. Booock, believing the contest about to be ended, voted for Mr. Smith.Mr. Cxmnras-AS Mr. Smith had received the vote of his own party, and inasmuch as that gentlemen came from North Carolina, which gave birth to the author of the book which had been the subject of controversy, anl which had been from the first the obstacle to an organi- sation, aad believing the election of a conservative manthe democratic nominee ?Mr. Hoi BAN replied—The gentleman from Virginia, Mr.Booock.Mr. ENGLISH said that Mr. Booock has been with-men around me, but in the action of my democratic friends upon whose counsel and advice I rely. I understand the gentleman to be an old line whig, a representative of na- tional men, and a supporter of that galxy of stars aadwoula stay In tbe ball no longer"Cries from tbe democratic side of "Order," "Take yours e a t "Mr. RxAflAM, (dem ) of Texas, called upon tha Sot*aad tho spirit of debate and contest ;aad wrangling. After the usual routine hus&eas af tha calling of tho roll, reading of tho steam* and thowalkehen of the duos, Mr. DCara, of Hose Company V* 17, oabred a resolution regarding the arrangements for •he electtoa of the Chief Engineer, which was afterwards teat, and aa amendment, certainly quite unparliamentary,one of their men, inasmuch aa the democrats have car- ried out their part of the arrangement.Tho ropabttoana and democrats are equally sanguine of ekctmg their man.coaTunarTABT aaaoMin.Carl Shurts, a German republican orator, of Wisconsin,drawn. He would ask Mr. Holman to consider whether stripes which emblazon aad illustrate the history of tbte geant at-Arms to compel Mr. Clemens to take bis seatwas verbatim as follows —lfcj^JfcJ?"**?^^£tor,BUtesor boholdoq » TU oay of robraary acst, and la* ike potto ahall be openedmake, but expressed the hope that his colleague (Mr. Smith)wouldbeelected. Ha changed bis voteaccord- ingly.Mr. CLUB, (A. L. dem.; of N. Y .. deemed it his duty to yteusometnmg of his individual opinion to contribute to thereposeof the country so far as that resultcanbe effected by the organisation of the House. Without waiv-<AnoteuBe'i"10*1 *** ** t * T e ** T O t e * * Wf' 8 m t U 1 , J ^ l ^ i B , (dem.) of Miss., and others changed to Mr.change my vote, and cast it for Mr. Smith, of North Caro- lina. (Tremendous applause followed from the hall and galleries.)Renewed cries from the republicans, "Announce the v o t e "Mr. BABBchanged to Mr. Smith.Mr.SBSSJUS.(rep) ofOhio, at this point rots, and requesting hto name to be called, voted for Mr. Corwtn.Mr. Jcsxra, (rep.) of Pa., said he had voted for Mr. but now changed to Mr. Smith. He bad told his oonsuta- Smith, believing him to be a national American, but be enta be would vote as be pleased. now discovered that he WM an old lino whig, and de-^•ca^ao^wcJ7^md'tnT Ul 7 t h • ** * °* **htocountrymentobetrue tothegreatrulingideaefth.^ German mind, and never aacriaoa tho principles of free- dom, though standing la the very ciladel of tho slaveMr LABDBCM, (dem.) of La,, would follow his standard bearer,Mr.Booock,andvoteforMr.Smith. (Applause.) Mr. LoGAs, (dem.) of TIL, voted for him because he bad been assured that Mr Smith had never belonged to the American or Know Nothing party, bat was an old linewhig.W ssTt-ctagcTam Tw^*tt!^nPteteamm^mmemaJtelnndM^mm /amimm^aaV^^aSmith, without explanations.JO,M 0 o C T , n f dem rf N'**•' ^ iofeaeheosapaay ahallhomade ry of oaahodsaaaay. under oatte *TS- •ra of atosM atertlmijaad ao other lahaBpower. ceived.He and his renurksworeonthusiartKaily re-1a U-o« rotara of the a a a oaaar the baopeetor* ifnktnrcVaa4 the m* eaavaas ab»:i be eunnaaed wttfeoot ln«ermi«ioosstoH i»ss»lslH tosteoad, that tea Oblaf Eagtaoermr oukeass11fymmaa>Bso' aaat rctara to be swondually demolished to-day, to tho great consternation af a fow remarks to the House. It is evident to the eyes of theMr. BISWAS, (dem.) of Ark., bad always voted for ademocrat, and desired to do so to the end, hot would nowvoteforMr.Smith,withtheunderstandingthathehasatao time, directly or Indirectly, been connected with theEnow Nothingparty, and repudiates the doctrines of thato'otockthoand the foUowiaf last voteof the House la a consummation devoutly to be the Wyandot constitution. Messrs. Pomroy aad Amy are prayed for. To that endMr. GAnmBT. (dem ) of Va., insisted on the restoration oforder. Nothing could be done UU this was efiected.©r atijauialarge lobby, moat of whom win have to retire minus the spoils,i n AHMJBSOJ op lAsstofcGeneral Pomroy aad Judge Amy are aow hero, cooperating with Hon. M. J. Parrots, delegate from Kansas to effect the speedy admission of Kansas aa a State underwnote country that we have arrived at a crisis, sir, which,ifthechangesInthevotesofgentlemen con- tteoe, will result in the election of a Speaker of the Thirty- s:sth Congress, ft to in reference toIhtegreet result, and ? J ? W " * • r«Vonsibffity which devolves upon me, thatforearnWrmaa.Tl Oteir*•a Eli Thoausa,thedi» very spiraod and heat-organizatiou. Ho would vote for Smith, simply as a choice L H TM 1 0 2S£J° ? " ?°^y> • » • » "E oonatltoonte,the ofevfia. He never eulogised old whigs. •«*"«*>waa never initiated into the Know Nothing Order, and didnot entertain any sympathy with tho principles af Amerlate American Minister at P a r s , Mrke of havwg had a conversation canism, irritated the feelings of some of the Americans tomien of oar SUMS continued, at no distant day woaaxmld control the world, and therefore, as a European* Mr. Adraln refused to vote for Mr. Sm!th, a Southern consume the precious time of the,House in explanationsbut aa to myself I most say that I nave ao his attitude, whether at thto particular juncture, when heho felt :t to he his doty to proas aati slavery views as tho whig, because ho understood him to be in favor of protect- concerning themarnry chance to divide us. I have other aad many reasons Mr. MAVNARP, ( S opp.) of T e n s , remarked that he had •a kaew that the monarchies of Europe, Urn-atoned with ing slavery in the Territories, but says he will vote for a never bad occasion to make a personal explanation, butdownfall from revolutionary movements,, emk, through Northern whig;, like Governor Pennington, which he will as every gentleman is the custodian of hto honor, he awe*, ehaaaela as they control, to make similar imprea- probably have aa opportunity of doiog on Monday. should be left to decide for himself on that question.A hundred times was the question asked me, • *!ll TUB SVEAKBBfeHlP.i divide in •asertcaf" But never once was the inquiry The BOOM waa oagaged about four hours to-day The House then, on motion of Mr. MATSASD, proceededia assured by gentlemen all around bim of the position that Mr. Smith occupies, no other candidate having an- swered questions, the gentleman from Illinois will insist on an answer to the interrogatory. Be (Mr. Burnett) could rise higher than personal or party considerations. Mr. Smith was S national man and that is enough.his vote to stand.ms Tnmry-xnrrn BALLOT FOBio of aw, "Will slavery be ahotmhed; will youroouaj- upon one ballot. Much time was consumed in to vote for Speaker.waao aaara respectable in tho oyoa of the Mr. MAIXOKT, (S. opp ) of Ky., said hto party yester- Tho middle and lower eteasw of buncombe speeches, while unruly members were day voted for one of their own members, Mr. Smith, of rho are struggling to acquire additional being nursed and brought to the scratch. The North Carolina, believing his name would result in the or- ganization of the House. Gentlemen on the other side had saidtbeywerewillingtovoteforsomesoundnational man of the American party, and elect him to the Speaker's • chair. Hence Mr Smith was voted for by Americans on the faith of implied pledges. He (Mr. Hallory) bad been approached by gentlemen on all sides, who stated they did not like that way of pntting the gentleman forward, and claimed that In order that they should undersundwitn the great majority of the democratic party. When my name was withdrawn as a candidate I signified my willingness to unite in casting my vote for a South Ameri- can 1suted that I was realy at all times to unite tpon any sound constitutional man for the purpose ofMr. Monms replied that he had received assurances s s to others for whom he had voted, but bad found oat be was misinformed. Be did not wish again to take a man on trust. Beunderstood that Mr. Smith was In favor of the slave code, and was elected here over tho regular de- mocratic candidate.Mr. Hnx, (& opp.) of Ga., said Mr. Smith had been presented out of deference to gentlemen who did not sym- pathize with the American party-Mr. CRAIG, (dem) of Mo., understood Mr. Smith was elected to Congress against Mr. Shaw, who desired to have a Steve code incorporated In the next democratic platform.Mr BABKSDAIS, (dem.) of Miss., and others objected to Mr. Craig's proceeding.Mr. Mourns would vote for any man strictly an old line whir, and if the gentleman would rise from bis seat aad say he repudiates the doctrines of the Know Nothings, then he would vote for him.Mr. BcsiTBTTand others objected to any response.Mr. CLEMENS (amid cries of "order") said he desired Mr. Smith to take the chair unpledged, and as an impar- tial, honest man, and administer the duties of the third office in the government in all fairnessMr. LEAKS, (dem.) of Va., rose to a point of order that there should be so debate except in support of a change of vote.Mr.HASxnr,(A.L.dem)of N.Y.,saidallthtodesul- tory conversation was out of order. Bo insisted on the result of the ballot being declared.Mr. MCRAB concurred with Mr. Haakin that this de- bate is out of order. But thto meeting has been out of order from the first day of the session.Voices—That's so; that's a factMr. MCRABwould co-operate with Mr. Haakin in calling for an announcement of the vote.htoi i n i i u t i i t i i l116 109The following shows the vote to detail —Ebr Mr Skermam Messrs Adams of Massachusetts.,Aldrlch, Alley, Ashley, Babbit, Beato, Rgbaus, Bteir, I ake. Brayton, Bufflngioo, Berhngame, Buruham, Bar. rcBghs, Butterfleid, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Ool- fi-x, Conkling. Corwm, Covode, Curtis. Bawea, Dslano, Fnall, Dunn, Edgerton,Edwards, Elhon, Ely, Eamswerth, Fenton, Eerry, Foster, Frank. French, Gooeh, Graham, Grow, Gurley. Hale, Hall, Baskiiw, Helmick, Hickaaan, Hoard Humphrey, H tchins, Irvine, Jonkin, Kellogg of Michigan, Kellogg of Diinois, Kenyon, Killinger,Michigan, Ive, Longnecker, Lovejoy, storstea, McKean, McKnight, Mcpherson, Moorbead. Mor rill, Morse, Olin, Palm rJ"Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Per. tor, Pottle, Bice, Robinson, of Rhode Island, Koyot« Schwartz Sedgwtok, Somes Spaoldtag, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Stewart of Pennsylvania, Tappaa, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever, vast Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waktron, Walton, Washburn, of Wisconsin, Washbume, of Illinois, Washburn, of Maine, Wells, Wilson, Wtndora. Woodruff.Jar afr. Smith of Nor* CterottaewMessTO. Adams of Kentucky, Anderson of Missouri, Anderson of Kentucky, Ashmore, Avery, Berkadale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bon- ham, Boteler, Bouttgay, Boyce, Brabaon, Branch, Bricgs, Brtosow,Burch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, Clark of Mis- souri, Clemens. Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane. Cooper, Cox, Craige of Carolina, Cregg, Craig of Missouri, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Devto of Mary* land, Davis of Mississippi, Dejarnette, Dtmmick,Edmundson. English, Etheridgp, Florence, Fauke, Qar- nett.Gartrell. Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman, Harris of Maryland, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill. Umdman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkiss, loses, Kettt,privileges, look with satisfaction M j hope to our•rogTsea. France, too, * imbued'with Ameli-as* ideas, sad. notwithstanding M despotic formof government, to one of the moot democratic countries iaEurope Italy I found In the midst of revolutions, and its•aasrrhifB falliag down without even a day's notice, and graphic despatches were sent to all parts of the country • s mhaottaata, while recalling the republican ideas of pastMr. 8berman, of Ohio, republican.Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, Soutnern opposition ... lLi Mr. Corwm, of Ohx>, republican # Scattering 0aaxs, looked whh erottation to that great transatlantic announcing that he waa elected. Indeed, the member* asafnitiiiany, where there are no kings and no dukes: and themselves made some preliminary arrangements for con-what they were doing, his friends should formally* Dominate him this morning. In compliance with their wishts be had been instructed by his party to nominate Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, as their nominee Tor the Speakership.Mr. CiuWFORO, (dem.) of Ga., asked whether or not Mr. Smith could command the entire strength of the American party rMr. MAIXOKT said that that was hto opinion. He also believed that Mr. Smith ought and would command tho votes of gentlemen on the other side of the House.Mr. MILTS, idem.) of & C , was ready to vote for an out- and-out American to opposition to the republican party, and had so said from the beginning. He did not vote for Smith yesterday because be did not consider htm as for- mally put forward. His first choice was Mr Booock, who, be thought, was most competent to fill tne chair. Bat as there seemed a disposition to unite and harmonise tho va- nous;elements against the black republicans, he was now willing to vote for Mr. Smith.Mr. Surra, ( d e m ) of V a., referred to the resolutionsof that State, In which her representatives are re-quested to unite on any national m<m in oppositionto tho republicans. He understood that Mr. Smith,more than oace, white passing through Tnacaay or Lom- bardy, the enthusiasm of tho people remindodmo, by fhour music sad banners and ahouungs, of my owa coun- trymen at a Fourth of July celebration. Germany, tha n peptide of mUUoaaof letteas from this side of the water, to being raptdry educated, and to already far advanced toducting Mr. Smith to tho chair, and there to no doubt thai the gentleman himself had prepared the speech of thaake for his debutThe record shows that it was impossible for Mr. Smith subt* free system. The Swiss aad the Belpans a n to be elected, even had Holman, Davis and Allen votedj of the resemblances of their governments and Everywhere, too, are our countrymen Jist:n- i sad recognised for their intellectual activity Tho people abroad have, perhaps, exag- ideaa of oar immense progress, our vastaad growing ascendancy in the civilized wjrld.for him, as in that event Mr. Mil ward, of P a , would have also changed from Smith to Pennington, and defeat ed Smith.Another vote would have been had to-day, and Mr•tee saamea, prBased down by military conscrip- Pennington would have been the candidate, had nottesaa aad mordtaato taxation, look with pride and cou- Messrs. Sttatton, republican, and Riggn, anti Iecomptonwaeace to the great Americaa republic, that in time theyhope will dominate over the earth and break tho power democrat, paired off and left the city. Although theyaf Ma tings. But tho Senator from New York (Mr.Seward), and those who act with him, have determinedthai these hopes shall no longer be cherished, and thatoar system shall fall, to gratify the wishes and meet the and will be here on Monday. Mr. Briggshas heretofore•tews of the British Exeter Hall anti slavery society. Hieheads that our government has hitherto been administeredas "violation of the dtriae law," and that our former inetoUiLoee most give way to the "higher law," abolitionismaad free wagrniaai This to the issue we are now called him in the ball of the House, at twelve o'clock to-morrow,wpoa to meet Should the decision of the idea of Novem- to consider what course they shall pursue in the future. ber bo adverse to the fortunes of the republic, it will ba-ooane the high dutv of the South, at least, to protect itself. The prevailing opinion to night ia that Governor Penning- Northern gentlemen, I believe, with great unanimity aa; ton win bo tho candidate of tho repubUsens, and will beMr. HICKMAX, (A, L. d e m ) of Pa., here requestedgreatest excitement prevailed, not only In the uonse and among the spectators In the galleries, but it ex- tended throughout the whole city. So evident did it seem at one time that Mr Smith would be elected, that tele-the Bouse. When the name of the gentstood perfectly free, and can vote just as my jad|ment deems best. Now, though I do not agree with Mpf Smith, of North Carolina, yet, in a spirit of concession, and a spirit of ?acriflce, with a view to the organisation of tho House, and for the purpose of giving peace and quiet to this excited country, and for the purpose of putting in the Speaker's chair a sound, constitutional and good man, and further, with the view of making a decisive blow to repress the principles of the " irrepressible conflict,'' and to rebuke a sectional party. and knowing as I do that the announcement of the election of the gentleman from North Carolina will remove the clouds which so darkly lower over our house, I recall my vote and now record It for Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, (Applause from the democratic benches)Mr.BOBDISOX,(dem.1of111.,wouldvoteforanynational man to defeat the republicans, and therefore supported Mr Smith.Messrs. PBELPB, (dem.) of Mo., aad Scon, (dem) of Cal., severally changed for Mr. Smith.Mr. Fiomocs, (dem.) of IV—Sir, from the first vote I cast here on the first week of December last, I have been anxious for the organization of this House by the election of a sound constitutional conservative member as Speaker. To eflect this I have voted for gentlemen not affiliatingmade the pair aa opponents, they are both understood to be in favor of Pennington. They have been sent forbeen quoted for Pennington, but says tonight ho shall vote for Smith as long as he is a candidate.At the request of Mr. Sherman hto friends will meetof North Camltna, eaaoe wttbta that category. Heunderstood Mr. Smith bad been a member of the whtg with that organization to which I belong—the democratic name to be called. He voted for Mr. Sherman.nominated by Mr. Sherman.Mr. Reynolds baa been sent for, and will be hero onMonday. C.B.Cochrane,-whotostillhomesick,iswithoutapair,and bis friends cannot obtain one for him. If Mr.Briggirefuses to vote for Pennington there caa be no election,unless C. B. Cochrane ia paired, or Mr. Davis, of Mary- in the wide waste of waters He wished to go on no morecords stace I bad the honor of a seat here, will sufficiently vote.attest that fact Without towering that standard an inch, Mr. PxNDLFrojj, (dem) of Ga., said he representeddesiring only to drive back tho advancing tide of native aad naturalised citizens of all religious beliefs,naad, McQueen, McRae. Mites, Millson, Mill ward, Montgomery, Moore of Kentucky. Moore of Alabama, Morris of Illinois, Nelson, Niblack, Noetl, Pendleton, Pay- ton, Phelps,Pryor, Pugh, Q-artes, R-gan, Robinson of Illinois,Ri.fflu.Rust, Scott, SickU-s, Singleton,Smith of Virginia, Stephenson, Stewart of Maryland, Stokes, Stout,kland, will vote for Pennington.The democrats are talking soma of giving their votes onvote given in the hope that it will aid in restoring peace and quiet to the country—that will give asasuranoe to the people of the country ,_vho are naturally anxious that this political controversy snail be put an end to; and being de- sirous to aid in bringing about Such Important results,Mr, HOWARD, (dem.) of Ohio, was willing to sacrifice sund that any gentleman acting with the twenty-three have withdrawn their votes from me an act I sincerely something for the country, and understanding that Mr.COMOfUaSS*W1SH13GT0SI, Jao, 27, IMo.Mr.>^un., (A L dom) of K.*, « « * " * !Ti!p a r a p h f r o . t h o N - « » * £ V r ^ B r £ s^dthatMesoroHoraceT.Clark,Btggn,*"""; 7*''aadrafowwfl to the aaJwteiTs»fhtoB«eBofpat«E.Mr. EsoiJSB, (dem.) orMr TnsABi (rep ) of ooto-DoMtheirose to change bius voterMr Karrr—1 will Cries of "Order"Mr Hnx asked Mr. had brought bun to ai hte vote.Mr. Starr-Yea; I propose vCries of "Order" from the i Keitt,"fromthedemocratictrida.Mr. KBWT—I tetend to asswi 1 1Mr. Hnx reptated hto toterrosntarv. Mr Ksnr satd he would asswer tt Iremarks and p'oeeedea to speak Of here,aotoneefthemhavtegaiMr.Main,withthaconsentefhte what be called the truth af history.talking earnestly,It waa said, to who had not yet voted for Mr. Smith.Mr. VAIXABMGBAB added to the interest of thei bysayttgthatthe time when hto vote would tioaalman Speakerovr Mr.Sherman having he would new vols tar Mr. Smith.Mr. Cox, (dem ) of Ohio, said, when Mr. Smith'swas presented be made inquiry, and learned shad ban old Hue whig. Bis (Mr. Cox's) ooBaagae (Mr. Pendle-tote extremely doubtful whether tho democrats will galleries and on the democratic side.Mr. SICKLES, (dem) of N. Y., followed the example,It to said that Judges Potttt and Elmore, fromare hero to settle tho question who ahall ba United States Dtetrict Judge, m the event of the admission of Kansas as • 8 h U * -The Investigation Committee are act ia session to-day. They will probably n>t meet before Monday.Br. S O. Howe has returned from fernsda, aad to an peeted to appear before thetee next week.ocs SHJUWThe principal reason why thata make reparattou for tha setenre of the onteoonmseaattmwwbs a n o t U n ^ ^ J e V o fThompson and Qswrgtows to, that they the guano trade oader airasfameate contrary to tew. Ittosap. Mater (Mr. Clay) tohard shell Baptist preacher. '(laughter.) j g £ SS allude to thto to disrespect to the clerical nrofoasion, but he had never bean able to aspire to the dignity of thatand present another candidate He should withdraw his vote from Mr. Smith aad give tt to Mr. Oorwin, who wsa distinguished for eminent services and for nationality of*~^vwvBB7*aBssh*r L ttet rjaifsd have actuated them. Tbey are„ ^ ^ * W a a h m g t o n The receipt* of the treeewr T?^TM"wwtt.TOO.oao. moatly on a n e s W l t ** * * * * can expsfd •» •uemj or .M _„__^_. . m | t " M O M . Of this body of men who may assimilate under the ttSassNftrf* patty mthte country. There success st stake » P*rtE questions, sad thevoting fore order was restored ~ ""t^** °° ,Mr.Rrms,(dem.)ofN.C,saidbewasstandingnnS'wnS'ii*!^^tlh»?•»statethegrounds Beaa*JAThnTTScTd,tnD&iSiTpmonal controversy with the • * " » f " £ « * ^ nteitaWhite Messrs KerttasM Mills republicans were talking to „. a fact Wno anticipated thei»t»" overthrew several monarchies la loioo tl the fcirmu and Irathffli Oppwi- SOOl every nay. <i*»s«-" / ......—tahed sen- h^spass unreasonably on the indulgence of tha House, buth It resjosrtS skin to create governments,i Tory eaasteolinriiry. Aa the1goverameBtstoInpaoheopinion,so."they oftea aeeoi to fall easily aada the tovernmeat of the United SUMO, withmVillsiihstial of 101 cjttoeao, » the atroegeat in the„empl«ed to tho attacks made by Iho « * M * ^ B « Uasaan from Virginia (Mr. Fryer) on • " • ^ J L - - .1 desire to take this opportunity of making these remarks, because of the general action around me with reference to theswwassstMassproposedfromNorthCarolina. Irise MrJOT the purpose of dettningmy peallten1as^atatiBf mjr reasons for Uklog the action 1have proposed for myself: and this I feel the more incumbent on ma to do after having heard from my colleague (H. F. Clark) therea sons which induced htm ta east hte vote for Mr. Smithreference to the reltetons and sBttnrabSattoa the same time, I recognise them as ex- the greater and graver ques- Hlbslavery;butashasbeenstateduponWorld so when that to Wot, it would hocoaae one of the werU.eo.wtoes thai to lost,»wouie i w » 'tionDVflBanOldLineWhif,Owx Special Wtoatttngtan Despatch.Ueman had made a mistake, aad ho had aow ^ e r e d " . because the Haaatnba. aa opportualty » attack every day He repeated, bo vrouM not engage to a controversy with Mr. Greeley, whom be r s w M H a man tfwg1this flour b / oner ggfJfctoSSB, 1 f««> * voting for MrSmith, that I am J W voting for a member ofthe American orgaSation. f am weU assumedfrom a most rehahsr#ource that thto distinguishedgentleman is not noW connected with the party ton) bad tost been la conversation with Mr Smith, anoT!•>"'. __ d_L—, AA aot think weakest. I may •»». however, mat ! do i membersJan. 27,1am ability, great moral courage and ftdehty^to tiis> PTM"*" Now, sir, with respect to the oonclnelon which that holds these peculiar doctrines of Americanism, andreported tha Mr? Smttb was «ot only net a Know Noihtef, bat that be was opposed to the ardor and Ms pjteoJphs that he bad never been, and was sot now a member od the Know Nothing orrier, but had deaouaeed tt. V thto] be trne, and I say it to, sad 1 took Mr. Smith, van to tests present, ia tha eye when I assert it There oan be no difficulty in my giving bim my vote to thto emergency of. the republic, and to defeat the republicans. An old tea whig wi o to not in any way connected with that offeastva) order, who stands on the compromise of lssO, aad who,I understood, w s s elected over a gentle man who favoredl the slave code, I caa vote for, bat 1 would not go out ef my porty to vote If I waa not ssasnd tt produce organization. I aatd I never wouldfor a republican or a Know Nothing. I never wilL I em aot sow. I vote for an old line whig, snd soM men voted] to send me here. I am the mere sasssfsd wtto my voaa as since this call of the gentlemen on the other side, members from Pennsylvania 'after voting for him 1 have given as awas not aa American Thto oaanrssa Mr. Smith's statement to Mr. Pendleton, and my own statement ta hm presence.While Mr. Cox was speaking,still outside of the range ot seats, and the were earnestly engaged to private <Mr. Nrxow, (op) of N. J., ' Smith to Mr. Pennington.Mr. Ksrrr resumed.Mr. Darn, (rep.) of Ind .called him to order,saying he was purposely delaying the action of the House, to order that tender rooted democrats might bo mampo- letod.Exclamations from the republican side, "That's t o , " "that's it," and a faint voio . "hit kern again."Mr. Ksrrr briefly reviewed the course of the retreating Pennsy Ivantona, who, he remarked,said they were an too protective policy, and aotoa the antt-stevery sentiment. Be (Mr. Keitt) was an out and out freetrader,bat did not suck on that tosue; nor should the attle question of pro lection be brought to decide against mmaintain the constitution.Mr. Bear, (dem.) of Ark., amid the•ion, called the attention of the country to what*be con- sidered the falsehood and fraud of those who had voted for Smith and then abandoned him.Mr. EJUTH said something more upon the subject, a n l remarked that Mr. Smttb bad been elected, but these gen- tlemen bad unelected bim. Be spoke amid freestone in- terruptions from the republicans, who considered hto> speech out order.Cries from the republicans, "Announce the vote."Mr. VALLA5DHJHAM said that when be voted for Mr. Smith hto vote for Mr. Smttb would have elected h t m Smce that, by a fraudulent change of vote, that result had been altered. But he took the responsibility and wente-3in*TM will to u ? secesotoa of the SoaUvrualways struckwhich he upholds. He duTered with Mr^Greeley.cm sta 011I have come to with regard to this matter, therefore tho question to decide to one between an old line will first state how the case stands We whig, a national whig, and a man who is sound upon the have presented to us ss candidate for Speaker a gentle- great and final question. Between such a man and the man belonging to a party not within the democratic or representative of tho peculiar doctrines of the black sanuatlon. This gentleman, whatever bis political affllto republican party—between a sound, national man andHODSand antecedents may have been, stands here in op one who headed the Ust recommending the infemoos doc position to the candidate of tho local democrat! J party of trtees of the Helper book—when brought to decide be- the dtetrict from whence bo comes, and who, therefore, tween these two men, as to which should be Speaker of triumphed at the polls over those who supported demo- the Bouse,! could not for a moment hesitate, i n d now, cratic principles. Under these circumstances, it wouldcgftengnes from this CapttoL It "*•*}»*.a poiat aot to ho wdimtoruy s u rvery aad Ts mode of settling thereat* ' TMJjL rwiuv wMMtittedtohto opmlon. He did not beneve MToreeZ^ tatended to io him any wrong, but presumed ihat ao£^evn disposed perron had furntojed toonnag on which be bas*d the charge. There wasMSOJ^£*»£ of truth in the utotement He ran as an « l , - J f J ° m P J ^ democrat?^ made no pleige directly or i-P'JJJ.,"^•Jt iaaaet lb—a* IT*a aa ( tins Capitol to mu-h ha* position that tho latter would concentrate upon Mr.MLM, tor* totoaammthe public salad, rf owr countrymenSTMibemvotved m a Woody struggle, I trust« GoJthat Smith, ha being an Americaa; but, to theaw a m fruito of the corhaion tshyse reaped kens.White eoosternattoa of those gentlemen, all of thoJ L l o o W j l u e a t h a t 1 should apeak thus,tttohatfair democrat! except Messrs. Bolmsn and Davis of In ontMft*ganT» without the aid of the ant. Lecomptonthe MhaeMoatf. IT lives should ho n , H M C p o e S y Jam that fete sheeldThe vaatitetioB processtotthe House to-day brings lightout cf darkneos. It demonstrates to Mr Sherman that hej -a*, SUM«fa.^ w\f*~mmm *w^p ate,^aa%F* cannot be elected. Six of hto frends from PennsylvaniaoTaoch creatures as Garrmoa andHUU, and New Jersey wont over to Mr. Smith, of North Caroli-,«*, at tto sense ume, are to cewardrj that they avoid na, more to-testtaltowtho democrat* than from amy sup-an >rMtf a s s a y that 1 do not remember a Ume whea I •••to^ve been wiling to aeersfce the life of an inne- ZetTDerosa to sewomy own; aad I bore aever doubted ^ taatTwss^hedmy tf every citta* to five htel^e SrrtnW topwoorretheoatooofth«oSUtos,whUethat laiea was toonded on an honest ohserraaee of the MBatttTitl-m Of the beaeflta of the cenrederacy to all amioaa, arorWed juotioe he done in the adsaiahMlon •f the gorernsaeat, there can he no auestioB. ladapen 4oati»of itnadTantagnatoasaB.tbere are reaooas way • •bould he inaauiaed. Oohslderatt»a of thw kindj t h e teat year , brought to my mted from Dotete of view, aad with addei force. When, last a l teadod la laatend, 1 found that country agitateddtean, aad Allen of Ohio, voted for him, whhh would have elected him bad not five of the Sherman men taken the back track and changed their votes from Smith to Gorwio and Pennington. They did not do ao until Mr. Sherman rose and recorded his vote for Oorwin, making an add!dVnwrate----' * « • » • no nledaea from thorn were and therefore no pledges fromexpected ^He asked for proof from any living mortal o i n i h «to district that he ever made a pledge to ..rsaniie the House by tha election of a republican sneaker or in any o&er way. He repeated that he made no pledge, but looking to the exciting dis- cussions which might lead to discord out of tho House, and.perhaos, to a dtosolutlon of the Union, he did not know but that when his sense of duty and tho interest or hto country demand it be would unite with the republi- cans on such a man in order that the House may be or- ganised and relieved from its present dilemma.Mr. DAVM, (A. L. dem) orInd., could not pay the editor of the TWbttne the compliment Mr. A drain did. So far asnot become me, as a democrat representing the foremos democratic constituency In the Union, the city of New York, to cast my vote for the gentleman from North Carohha (Mr. Smith). I sm constrained by every principle, and by every ^otunderatton of pontics, as wed aa for tho iiitegrity of theMr. NIBI-ACK. (dem.) ef Ind., had no explanation. Be would let bis vow speak for him, if it was the last vote he was to give on earth. The cosiest was narrowed down between a republican and an American. He would vote for Mr. Smith.Mr BABB, (dam) of N. Y ., was elected onteide of themuch as tho votes of tho tetter were viewed • ah iirflnaw of reform, to the struggle which was aa .B challenge. Tho democrats representingan election, he changed from Mr. Florence to Mr. Smith.ticna!v<^neeaBBBJ7 to achofce, which wasofside the republican organization can aad ought to unite to put to the Speaker's chair. I refer, sir, to General Millson. of Virginia, for whom I cast my vote.vote for a constitutional and national man when the Ume comes for hto election.danger.Tho democrats were highly Indignant at tho coursethus pursued by the five Sherman men, inas-Mr VAixAsmanAM. (dem.) of Ohio, said, understanding Mr. Smith to have always been a whig, and aever any- had voted for no one except a member of the democratic thing but a whig, and representing ss he (Mr. Valten- digbam) did a large Md most respectable whig element, bo was ready. whenever his vote could be made efficient, to vote for Mr. Smith as Speaker over Mr. Sherman. Be would not In such a case be responsible for the disorganization of the Boose, if not a dissolution of the government Public duty demanded the warring ofMr. McCmaxATO, (dem.) of HI., differed from the views he was concerned, the allegation ia that article was whol expressed by Mr. Cochrane, and voted for Mr. Smith to a• Mix aktos wtta the greateet aniaiatloa,were st references to the Catted ^utea, and districts containing a largo share of foreign voter* declared himself such to the speeches he made in the Amcrisan or Know Nothing, but now, as always, a na-force of our exaaaptO was attmateting the accepted tho challenge and voted for Mr. Smith, and did canvass He believed he received all the American vote, tional Clay and Webster whig. The pomto of drfference rati, and leading t to the overthrow of aria- so in good faith, believing that their votes were only while many republi. arts supported him to rebuke the which existed between the whig and democratic parties4 s>~i"'"' * aestrlettoaa. Our tastito- administration for its Lecompton policy, and voted for have become obsolete. There waa no difference betweenocr optevoas woro referred to only to he wanting to sleet Mr-Smith. Mr. Clark, of New Tork, him as what they conceived to be a choice of evils, with old line whigs and democrats. Ho wished to ask whether Know Nothings. That might be strictly true, but bely and'totally untrue He was elected as a democrat, and spirit ot patriotism. He did not understand bim to be aaMr. CuDxsjia, (dem ) of V a, said ho had voted for Bo-I fOfOBMeanJtf 1nor caa I vo«e MM (MrwhichUnullsmm) tillstands apes thepoint,sattofledf*^history will P'. ._„/-*». a the past my personal and political.^ve that I never belonged to or sympa- r l f a5 * ! l J ^ M S 2 ! l ? exW,r amperfectly.^IA -soy°to« M the democraticparty. When.Imded. todep^dentmea.toseev {*J*ZJg£$£tshot every day. (Laugbtsr.) They nan demop-.aticfVlewds have changed theirs. I do aot propose to While I disagree In toto from them upon their peculiarho would vote for ME ^ ° V » " ^ J ^ S J S ? oartv organization of the House. In 1888 it was b*^von, ««*. to'ne suicidalpoBcyofMr. * g ^ " £ $ * £ Z an»*Son that the repuh sans would have a majority, an iMr. Clerk, I cast my vote for Mr. Smith.party, to keep my vote within the ranks of that party, democratic organization The administration opposed himand I will, therefore, change my vote to another Indi- in his canvass, but be came here a democrat, aad always vidual in those ranks, a man upon whom all parties out- expected to be one. Ho would not besiute to give hteMr. HorsroN, (dem.) of Ala., said up to this Ume heparty, yet in deference to the effort being made to effectheartburnings with regard to the course tokenby honorable members on this floor. I have ambition, itto true; but personal vanity aad personal ambition arewith me as dust to the balance compared with the good ofthis great and glorious country. I have no rankling ofthe heart, no mortification. 1 know well that some partyhad to make concessions, and If our friends of the South-ern opposition did not do it, 1 was ready to yield and unite (Applause.) *log fromwas brought at the time, feel prepared to vote for him, because thent a number of my friends were casting their votes/for me. But aa these votes have been smce withdrawn, INorth forward thisCarolina morning,(Mr. Smith) I did not.restoration of harmony. He had gone out, like the dove, conservative, national old line whig. I believe, sir, my whose sympathies were against them. Be had conversed Taylor.ThomaSjUoderwood, Vallandtgbam, Vance,Web-with the branch of olive, but found no spot to rest his footdemocratic constituents, the national men of Now York with Mr. Smith, and learned from him that he had never city and State, will justify the vote I am about to cast—a had any connection with the American Order, or symster , Wbiteley, Wuislow, Woodson, Wright. ', Jbr Mr. Cbnetn—Messrs. Sherman, Morris of Pennsyh.vania, Scranton and Wood.For afr. Bocock—Mr Holman.tbr Mr. Clark of Sew Tork—Mr. Allen.Ear Jfr. Hovurd—Mr Davis of Indiana.Jfcr Jfr. Vance—Mr Smith of North Carolina.For Mr. Pntninj/Um—Mr Nixon.Mr. Wnonow, (dem) of N. C, immediately moved tovoyages of discovery, but would vote for the gentleman who would concentrate the vote of his friends. When be yesterday voted for Mr. Smith he was struck by surprise to find that while Mr. Gilmer voted for bis own colleague (Mr. Smith), three other gentlemen of bis own party con-pathy with Its prescriptive tenets Be, therefore, to or- ganise the Bouse on a national baste, voted for Mr. Smith.Mr. MoBsra, of 111., relying upon the truth ofMr. Pendle ton's statement, voted for Mr. Smith amid almost deafen ing applause.the next ballot for Mr. MUlson.and some of the Ameri-cans, smarting under tho defeat of to-day, declare they stantly adhered to Mr Gilmer. When he should under- seeing that the gentlemen who heretofore voted for meare ready to vote for a democratMany of the republicans would like to vote for Oorwin.applaud them for—I change my vote, and In doing so Iact upon the principle of the old man of the Hermitage,who generally took the responsibility of hto acta uponhimself, and submit my conduct to my constitu-ents. Mr. Ckrk, I vote for Mr. Smith, of North bounden duty of every gentleman to declare hto vote upon six majority, the democrats generally voting in the nega- Carolina. (Applause from the democratic benches.) this floor, under a full sense of the obligation which rests tive.others for Hickman; but it to evident from the canvas ofopinion to night that Pennington can reach more men out his course. For the present he acted for himself, andMr. STBVKBS (rep ) of Pa, moved that when the Hooso Mr. Joint Corsnuxx again rose—I hold tt, sir, to be the adjourn it be till Monday. Decided in the affirmative byside of Sherman's strength than any other man, and the frends of Sherman will not object to bun if the majority of the republicans declare for him.would vote for Mr. McRae.Mr. MALLOBT replied that they bad now received votes enough to insure the election of Mr. Smith, with the aid of the democratic party. He announced to the House and the country, in view of the state of the case, that they would again present bim aa their candidate. Every mem-Mr. MORRIS, (A. L. dem.) of 111., said, as far as bis judg- ment ad vised, he would, as heretofore, vote for a demo- crat. He could not vote for Mr. Smith.upon him as a representative of the people. It to to the endeavor to discharge that duty faithfully that I act in conformity with the facts which have been presented to me. It was with a single eye to theSkood of the country and the integrity of the party to which 1 belong, that I haveA motion was then made to adjourn.Mr. DAVB, (dem) of Mies., demanded the yeas anc? nays.When the House met this morning it was not deemedtrate the elemet:ta opposed to Mr. Sherman upon any man, for the Americans had just adjourned, after a pro tracted caucus, in which six of them declared openly they never would support a democrat But today's proceed'the understanding and the condition precedent If all reaeived accessions from the whig party, and aa Mr. last engaged the attention of the House I have felt it my to adjourn: it was now late, nearly six o'clock Tney the democrats had voted for Mr. Smith he could have Smith was represented as a gentleman of ability and par- duty to extend my inquiries with reference to the matter were not going to permit another vote , they wanted vv been elected Speaker and the republican nominee defeated. liamentary information, he was willing under the circum- under consideration. I learn, air, that the gentleman consult in view of their present condition.Cries, on the republican side of "Announce the re- The Boards of Foremen and Engineers of the Fire Da- ings show that there ia a spirit above mere party, and for9 sult" >which I supposed he occupied when I formerly addressed Mr. CLBUBKS wanted to say a single word ; he wante.f Mr. HOLSUB, (dem) of Ind., at this point sent up the my fellow members. I learn that this gentleman to not, to make a single appeal. He was not prepared to con-partaaeat met last eroaiag at Firemen s Hall, ia Mercer street, for the purpose af nominating a Chief Engineer, maief Engineer Harry Howards term having expired.Haan HOWXBD, as Chairman, called tho meeting to , aad Mr. William Chambers officiated as Secretary.tho sake of an organisation men were willing to come *ogether and otect a national man.Messrs. UNDERWOOD, (dem) of GB-^LABUR, (dem.) of Miss, and ASHBOBB, (dem ) of S. C, severally changed to Mr. Smith, which was received with applause ia thoresolutions of the democracy of Indiana, declaring that in and has not been, a member of that American party, a tinue here.the contest for the election of a Speaker it is the Impera- position which would exclude him from my considera- Mr. DAVIS refused to withdraw his demand for tbe yea* tive duty of every democrat to stand firmly by and sup- tion and from the friendship and support of the aad nays.port the regular nominee of the democratic party. conservative democratic party. I believe I have sufficient Mr CLxirsro, amid frequctt interruption, raid he ha 1Southern opposition could concentrate their support, and when the question shall occur as to the ninety odd de- mocratsjoining them, he would consider the propriety ofSmith never belonged to the American party, voted for him.proceed to a ax other vote.Mr Cnms, (rep.) of Iowa, said the republican ranks possible, by any oombinatton of circumstances, to concen ber of the American party had voted for him. That was but a democratic vote, but as the democratic party had thus far cast my vote as the record shows Since I were a little contused at this time They were determine fLet the country know the fact.stances (deeming it the duty of every patriot to sacrifice private feelings and prejudices for tho good of the coun- try) to vote for him.whose name to now proposed as Speaker of this Bojae Mr STA.VTOX, (dem ) of Ohio, said the republicans ha Jstands in a very different political attitude than that no oeslre to delay the vote beyond Monday noon.S e ^ t o n ^ o r & . t a t o * * - » ~ » ~House. Sir, the organisationMr. Beam, (dem.) of Cal., said inasmuch ss two thirds or the democrats here bad voted for Mr. Smith, he would be governed by their course and do likewise.Mr. FOCKB, (dem.) of III, said he had never given anycontinue to support Mr. Smith, of North Carolina. There saying he had voted for a national conservative man, and Mr. EXGUSB, (dem.) of Ind., wanted to know who was evidence of this fact, not only In the assurance of gentle remain 1 here till be was physically disabled and boMr. Wnmuv, (dem.) of Del, said the nominee of the to here, and waa serenaded at Gsrbardta House to-night would administer a rebuke and save tho country from democratic party (Mr. Bocock) voted for Mr. Smith.Btopoeod, carried and adopted. "- ? * ^ ! B f * € * i w ^ • • * • *T •*• * * » K Earrington, by Saagerbund of the Turner Society and Monart Band, imminent peril, he would change hia vote to Mr. Smith. Messrs. HCGHXS, (dem) of Md., and STOCT, (dem.) of with anxiety as to the result—I deem it my duty to• ^ f ^ T ^ •*^*T teteastesi with tha orlgma] reaotation, and waa waited upon by a largo delegation of the Tur- (Applause.) Oregon, from feelings of patriotism, oast 0100? votes to the smdakoaMhavoboaa teat whaa tha ortgiaal mmcarrted nera, and responded in a speech in German, appealing to Mr BRANCH, (dem.) of N. C h a d no explanation to same direction.8SWA»B ncxpnox.Mr. Seward had a public recaption at hia residence u>whiah waa numerously attended.okaMhaastejteaandmare Weed,Wendell and Mattison's AsterHouse slatewas rencetothevoteIamabouttogive,Iwish to addressa andjust HevotedforMr.Smith. (Applause.)clined to answer the question whether he waa In favor ofon the dollar, and resumed. No general nnnsiliisst wasJ!L . V ' C -) - «*.—Or, with refe- the American vote; but the democrats could be generousThto movement created considerable excitement It wasthecommencementof wiwdeettng Mr.Smith.Mr. Bosuirros, (rep.) of Fa., also changed from Mr. Smith to Mr. Sherman, and put to nomination Mr. Oorwin, amidcriesfromthedemocraticsueof"Tootele."Mr. HWDMAJK, referring to these changes, said they afforded an apt application of the Insincerity of that tide of the Boose.Cries of "Order" from the republican side. The confu- sion was extreme.A oemocrauc caucus, w> nominate a candidate for United! StatesSenates-,washeldatSacramentoonthe6th. Seven ballots were taken, the average vote of which stood: foeWaller. 87; Denver, 88. Baldwin, 11; Washmgtsa, 9; MaedoogaU.t Theresultwasconsideredtobeleasfa- vorable to Mr. Welter than was aatioipated.The United States steamer Saginaw went Into com- mtoston on the Mb snd ssstoted the flag of Capt. Schenek. She was to start oa the following day oa a seven daya*The liquor market showed an increased flrmness. Cof-tho fact that a majority voted for Mr. 8mith was not equi- proud people. I believe him, therefore, sir, valent to bis nomination. while not entirely such as I am, s demo- Mr HOUUM replied that tho democrats here were crat, yet in ite nearest approach to tt—an oldMr. CimrBMB, who to still suffering from bodily wounds, asked hto party friends to save him from further physical endurance Finally tbe appeal was successful, and as tt was evident that another vote for Speaker eould sot b<* then token, the House adjourned.O n e D a y L a t e r f r o m C a U f o r n i s . AJUUVAL OP THI OVESLAKD MAIL.MALLOV'S STATSM, Jan. 27,' The overland mail of the 6th, with one day's later ifromCalifornia,arrivedthtomorning.The failure of a Sacramento house, involving arary suspension of a San Francisco jobbing firm, ha undoubtedly msgnined by s portion of the press ioto throe, or four failures of heavy bouses. This to not correctThe San Franctoeo boose compromised at seventy centerelected by democratic votes, and they should remain In the democratic organization.hoe whig—a whig, free from the leprosy of Know Notbmgtem. Under these circumstances, sir. at tbte ad- vanced period of deliberation, ,with the country gazing intently upon us, and every pulsation of its heart beatingMr. DAVIS, (dem.) of Miss, bad voted for Mr. Booock,V*0. whig party was la ex»w>noe 1 opposed it and the f.-dpteatt advocated, principle* aow asBtetste aad no longer before the country. Aa to the Asasrioan party. I apposed Ite doctrines coastantiy sad persistently, and 1 navonever changed any ef the views I entertained with referencetothatparty. Ialluieparticularlytotheprin- ciples Of that party with regard to the retictoua and naturalization question. I believe, however, that themen's preferences as to the candidate.Mr. MOKBIS, of 111., had heard it said by various gen-tlemen that Mr. Smith had never been connected with theparty. I voted for the gentleman from Tennessee because Mr. MoyrooitEKT, (A. L. dem.) of Pa., said he thoughti btlieved bim to be deserving of the confidence of the they should all make concessions, and stated his reasonsHouse and of the country. I voted for bim aa an old line why tbey sboula organize by tha election of Mr. Smith. Kuakel, Lamar, Landrum, Larrabee, Teach or whig. In doing ao I did not lower the standard of demo- His remarks were applauded. North Carolina. Leake, Logan, Love, Hallory, Mar-party, and never belonged to the American organization. and that he had never had occasion to vote pro or con on the Kansas measure. He understood this to be the gen- tleman's position some weeks ago, and it struck bim then, as it did now, that Mr.Smith is tho man on whom the various conservative elements might combine more pro- perly than on any other In the House.The Bouse proceeded to vote.sectionalism which threatens to undermine the German and Irish. Protestant and Catholic. His naturalised cock,Maynard,Millson,ScottandGilmersuccessively,in pillars of the republican fabric, I aa willing to take constituents were honest, Intelligentand patriotic. He the expectation and hope to contribute in some degree to the upon myself the responsibility of voting for a would vote for no man who would proscribe them, orMr. MCRAB, (dem.) of Miss., called attention to the factthat no democratic nominee had ever got more than half a Steve code. He most, therefore, vote for Mr. Sherman. felt, there being no cause for it& p , " ^ ^ l t a , , 0 * , r » , b , * w Oso thousand boxes candidates for the Senatorships aader the aow ootosttm bare now many weeks. It we have neon engaged Mr. Oons, (dem.) of Ate., rejoioed that there was a Tho Cksnx implorIngly asked gentlemen to take their fair candles were takea on spec.laoon at aoc. Otherwise hearts of to to that the eyes and the man now in nomination who could get the support of seats, Md vigorously knocked with hte hammer. sales wmsnua.wnhominejcauon of movement 1st an*all poitttoal parties in the country have been di- every element except the blank republican. Thai was a Mr. MOBRB. (rep.) of Pa., naderstood there was s dis- article.^ t e K . h ? S S I U S B S * * ^carrted on, and it to to osteal that «£mtentlonThat^ ••bouM now dewteour undivided enhrte^u%anstnatsteniflcantfaet Be (Mr. Cobb) had bean nailed an old position on the part of the republicans to change front,Tbe Pacme Railroad Convention will meet at Sacrament* on tbe firm Monday m February. Dr. William Kobe. Secretory of the Convention, has sent in a communication to the Senate and another to the House containing n fallalone the object to be accomplished, taaBy^weotai aevery man In the House, without retard to p a r t y ^ i m C position. He would rather be a minister than a member opinions, and mr soundness on tho great issues which di- report of the proceedings of the late Convention, occapy-of Congress, however. Be wanted to exhort a white. deal repreBenttssoTon thai ft)or^boo«^oastbto (Laughter) We have to-day undertaken to electvide the country.(Applause and hisses in the galleries and rude demon^JKr^fcmnssx immediately moved that the galleries baIthe basse said that persona had been admitted on thefloor by oourtosy, and therefore should not vtoiato theing in it some one hundred and fifty pages It was well received in both houses, snd referred to a special JoXs*.»Ins Angeles Star says that the lass storm in thg of the week waa very severe along the ooactdoing OBaatderable damage to tho boats and anchored at San Pedro.Arrived at San Franctoeo, Jan a, United States I from the Oregon O-y B man w h o rEf-2^? «T "fm«ht'havebeen propoedM !L*^e'• T#-SEM,0W•"•*"•treat,end,1trust,speedyehto*L^ ! J t ^ * ? J ^ J 2 i mUmnxntastve andpasnmouat refr hprogress and will soon be able to present to th* country the fact that we are organized. Should we nafnot unite to defeat those who endorse Helperstheir candidater 1 address myself to those _ta&Z £5? l!?^f S5 °°"****" »» from cast- uf in^ir vot<-s for Mr. Sherman? w>iv tr ,h.t —T_nraask, to the name of reason and . m r i ^ J ^ i r — " 7; • *ho are a little obstinate. (Laughter.) If you lose thisrules of decorum. 8hould there be such repeated demon- tion of Ute House hadbeeeih- ^ S ? * i * ? * ? ' " <Wo*tnsmE yon will never get nearer to an election. 1 %?"!££ 3 * J***** ha would direst the officers to8 0A— -A AM^J ^ ^ ^^*aa oaaap aa^SSBSWJSSIl¥B SBSSO BaSmViEl fbOaStof^aand desire of man on all «ku» «r auZ AZ^T ""rTM1 °°J"ci appeal ta my democratic friends from the Northwest touemen s galleries.Mr. HOISTOB thought the Clerk should be a attle Indul-* V " ^ 2 " J * * • ? • * «w**rdtoarE scene before the gent.« • «M»E, if anything would justify such manifesto . tins would.^Jhe republicans steotorioualy called"Order,"hicho-,„.,_ . _ ,, r^m "**mu s«ieB Of into House, and « u thacome to the rescue. 1 vote for Mr. Smith-Mr. KcxxBL, (dam.) ef Md., said Mr. Smith had re-ceived nearly all the votes from the South, with the ex- ception of two or throe He changed to Mr. Smith.Mr. ruvmsos, (dem) of La., remarked that the other daywhenhe voted for Mr. Maynard hasaidhewouldArrivals From Havanaas tbey were call- tea?tETZUfOL"•"• •*•• UP 0 * * ' ^^Aiwiwiwf w u t m i ie9w9 U*sj QttQlOGs?sssttsa rfhrtsra mnA a l a « i .AKBIVALST*ti—»• wby cud not «* opposition, wheelOsady C Burnatda 1 Weseau hi teaS Stockman and JO B P *B Durkee O O MrsMckeasteandSpsates J O Baser, • F Lea. Ai.<peakerf Why, ifthis WMthe nak.OKSS'^Sf^f^.K* 01tt vitSgigSSouth Americans unto tt^Tta^T^^' *" ° * democrat proper, Instead of Mkic.elect one of their number* I disclaim the reasons which.<*'or « y national man with a view to the orgaaisa-tion of the House. Ha had been asaarad that Mr/ Smithhad sever belonged to the Know Nothing party, but was P1 6 Cwt J* >i ntoUtmCol Steaston bt Martin, doncttency- They are rsseoaa addressed to taeleavesan1fishes.Tbeyarenotthe principlesofhonestheartsandtettrtettoeosrrtettoas In view of these things,J o Kelk eg. u Reeetea j r , A l IHTto,randJVo«>.MhW JMt52£"iriai success 1 thrust nuOO » • thai Way tfcM * to uajtted for'to Of equal aad exactjusticetoallsec- J ^ I ^ Z ^ Z ' £&? * Dl,instetedthatsuchadieA^±!r"KJ^»2!l" ?. . !°* «rsA JTASSBSS"V**simply af expo Mokllmewhlg. He was a strict democrat, but availed •"TMrdtoary scene, and therefore there waa the greater Wm Wcyee from Hajti***• Houston, said thto was aa tha prractpteef < Wmaalf of hto respect for old line whigs in voting for Mr. necessity u> preserve dignity. Some minutes etepaed beCetauney Propbete IAeui Col - Froea Ctsurtaataateoos or thaUntitled DocumentfJono from the Southern phalanx. He had never voted S t ! £ £ ^Z^l for a man whom bis brother democratsof the North werenot wilhng to support. He had always found them trueS * " " bis vote if necessary For formnbttn, JO Coffin*. D^Bsarte i T t s ^ BssiaapportMr rSmith or any ether man whocussion was out of order.Mr. Ksrrr-Then ril discuss the point of order.Cries from democratic slaWGo on."^ ^The vote was announced. Whole number... Necessary to a choice Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com\ 