 w Omctilff .Jdittocrowded with p-opto,who*'•i« "Una over UMreaeJla of lb. «U* ^ ^ Thayer, the ftoegia. 'teetstv •*v*«ta*ty « • * < • •the W m « d e u c;. * beeaa 1 wOOaaforily by<THE M8TROPOLIS.Th<rewas o a a potmlarI BbOWthat •<»A»0to10*00m»>.rity OOkKKCnCTT.about tba oornert seemed to bo afight,battbapresenceo'aaarrayoffor, i»3* adit i 0*1 616BaOQ &jt^wTHR MIDDLEnew JttNT.rrmnn TOavna BL.j^rnWBsna ^ w *• *to aaaaa the dara aad gratify tba boys. Tht op of the ticket boxes at half pasone of the fuana«t incident* of the dayTWELFTH WARD. Throughout the day ao dautrbenceof any kindred,witotbeexceptionofaaavaJletoedri(dunrtot, which waa promptly ended by the arrest of theMgain of near 1,100-be'ore the close g tbe polls. In this aad to the Piret as to Dltabeth street, no ropublkAoe appear, d with theirBmMfndf*.idty.Oom^.ltsMSeU Dumglm Um-nlttdistrict a long line waa formed on the street in front ofTflU WEsl'KKN ILLINOIS.the polling place, and kept' in perfect order by the police. sway tbeir tickc & to the &ma!l bo;n who laasatod tbeAbout eleven o'clock tbe Oomerford boxes, in both ofricnity,and wb»<nstau:lymaaoa ba'iotboxor amuothe datriott, after having been upset sc vers! times, verymysteriously disappeared, but whether removed by (ruddle ard burr-led to tl <<lr i.'.i-'S by handffa'l. Tola wasBTATES.log thetr t a n at the potto. T a Bnaauioi adrtos J£* *J!Zli,6i» 1,442 6TATE8.l,0djticket boxes, and at about half past four the ptftiee gar*Iwar tbe cause of a great roeh for a few moments; bat the excitement subsided when the ohlld was removed to the boapttaL BssMas thto thora was no otolt*anent what ever. A t Boon tw o hundred and fifty voice had been p lied, and tbe remaining voters came up vary alowly, ao that only twenty nine more rotes ware polled up to balfpaat four o'otook. Thto, like all the districts, waa raanarkabtoforitsquiet,ft* tbefactthatbutlittlewas raidaboutthePresidentialcandiditec, andtapthe littleexcitementat the corner briow caused the only afternoon eeasationoriginal position, but a rolnforcwnent of Bra boys i tog up tbe republicans qntetb/ removed t b lumber and thus settleu the mailer.NO. 38 Birr HAH. PIACB.The paHta City Hall ptooa waa held in the baskof a I^aor rtore, like that la Contra street. P wwere about tba door. Beonblloan baflots were freely dtotrtbuted, and tba poUlng was vary quietly coBdnetUL Tbara waa aa enthusiasm, excitement or dieturbanc*. and the mom-was only Oiled when tbe ballotkept them at bay.la oae or two varyAa Itthe Ptra* autM were ehat ead they haaa to aatojaaa, an there waa aatpto 6 f a for ad. The only trou die waa with the eaergattc Uofcat mea, bat thay war* nblftvi t» hetp a* a reepectaWe dutoaoe from majority In d a Stole will tbe poito. The tenernl appearanoa of the ward during tfot day BMnifaatod BOthtoff extra, If worUarroen, Nov.o, ismitmay exeeft Oho ahatttof up of toe liquor •tore* andrruttingdeantbataboandhitba towerpart ofthto ward. T:.,art «ere but few druntrea men la the aWeeto. With rtgarei to the poliiioal foaUag of the ward the friend*rough and tumble af ftBOa^rW*!-'Nswaxx, Nee,0, lOOB.rVaetogtoo to elected to Ooegrea by a ma- of Bn jamto Wood were in the taajortty, aad anneaqneat.-«*.-**.rliiliiiiirtii;ffiW n,,. iiViiiiiLiili' 'iiiitii'i'i' •'».-*-—were b a t nfleaeea. ta the rirat elaeuon dtetHMfor Thoy gare their tamea oa OaatoleioeoUtton. There thay were for mta Taaajst oMoak tjtohf vXrtoSfJa-aaB to. From this timeuntil twelve oofook the voting waa very alack. AfoWperaama were collected around the polls all day, bat therewas botlittle e4eotkmeertng at* ao disturbaaoes whataver Opposite tbe polls a ehop was fitted up as the republican laaadqaartara, With the alga •'Republicans meet three were >beBtagad aad nwora to. Just ba- have/* but there -ppeared to ha no repablicane to meet,Bowerya n earlytbara boar a fana attmon at ran Bona or an mrcour.r-rwMoruLn.Ill,Nov0—3),P.tl friendorfoe,couldnotbeascertained. theonly"atufflty'thatw*»uo':rec!durlu/thnday Sotogalreadyvotedmanotherdetrtct Hewaalockedaptoawaitanexamination. Atthedyeingofthepailawe cblsea.Alongfileofvelertwaaforemost,anawai.earlyMr.Ltoeotabaapaa**imo>«ofthea.inMMG»ver peaceablewtretheInhabitant*ofthinfamousBavurrt remirtog num*rona vaiwrs eotertamiog In the Third district tbe voting was very regaiar and street—now, llbe the kcU-bt afwr whom it waa named,vicinity, and every effort was mads to arrest him. heard of no uatarb&ace. tfter inflicting some eevere injuries on hta opponent,ttotioanry tor hoars, whilst the police permitted tto non- stantly gatberiag crowd at the bead of'the Itoe to rnsh isio the recta to adyaaa af many aad p u a those to thei wliotfaMaaaionaupon various topics, not exclusive ly petttleal, hot avnict OKa humi>r--u*iy tonebiag upon anattora aa foreign to the bdalueaa of tae uay aa tbe aplii- aajat af raitoquiet during the whoa of the morning, but at uo >n aalight excitement was caused basorae of the bystandersnam yru«r, *an$ n yroche- Uwt a 8jht was almoat oroated tiy a ^ou»t' who meisteai u;»u pickiug up a brick, lo caietc-wever, Byan—who is a very young man--succeeded toto red sblrtegetting up t "mooarfght" to draw away therhe mtdtttmto at tbe Court Boose, where tbe holla are police from, tba polls. The ru$t$'A not «uo«seed, aaJ tbe Ion should begin, aca auo wax fiwrnfulIbrebidceJFIFTEENTH WARD.*l).< ung his escape to a boarding boose aear Ru'gera Tbe voters to thn ward ware promptly at the poUa, alt 1ue aato>. Ia thai way persons stood ta the ttoe freaflxed, waa rety great dormg toe lurenona and tae early therefore, was given up. Another trial was made by and ocrrowfnlly tweet*-1 dewn by his comradBa, on a»Btreet, to a h i h he resides. The tolice officer, nothing a--nt-d, followed bim here, when a general sortie of his •'• ec^s was BKif., and at one time it seemed as if there v.ouid have b»en a pretty geecral and bloody row aioag in- whole ttreet Another police officer, however,parties apparently latent at a hard day's work. The four to six bmre, and owmg to the lack of potior cfa«enefpart of loe aJieruu « , b«itto«-a>d three o'cluok ii dimin-tabed auffi-.le*Uy to a-lo* toltraoiy free pattage. Mr. raaing tbe cry of "Ore" and running a wagon along a byeLluawto, who bad muoded to <tolay votiog until five street, at a rapid rate, but also without edict, as the o'otock, waa ouunariiei to take adrantag. o' tbiaopportunity. Be acoordugiv, after survnytug the officers stood firm at their posts. Axiut two box>'redcount of bia tftdpr.-ipot pagiiletic procliOities KO. 7 3fCi.BRUUV STKBHT.In Mulberry ttrwt, tbe great resort of tbe 'Dead RabWide Awakm were bold to werkixg for their men, bqt toe Mtautt Mea and the National Demoeraito Volunteers, b »th advocating the Uawa ticket, were no toss te.anally l e t without votiiig at all. It waa atatod that re- pabltoan voters a ere, at aaa tiras, introduced by a a r t of bad aad bank door arawageaeat, aad allowed to vote, while deaecrate were aapt u abjyaant, i|)n• 1.1i i - rr-firii •••r*"'""TM"NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1860.Nrw Tor*, and tba report tort received that the fasten retired, aad erorything agan reaaaod Ito quiet appear around the polling place that one could not have kaowntk*« baa received only twenty eaht thotnaad majority aooe. Tbara waa a rumor fioating about the ward that a that votea were cast there, had it not been for lha police other upon tbeir good looks, forming aa extemporeit tne entire ward tbework and not talk. Bvery ens apjeered aIn toe city, wbia the repuhitaeoe gala in tba Interior, quantity i.f b'aiik affinarSta bad bwn eeixai, U-»i bore man who stood outside for a ei*n—appaeeittyhiB only totstftostpatodall bepta of the Oaten men tfce »t«nau,re uf a ^mmlastoner of LVtdB,and were to bs duty—and for the b^uae next door, which the re-pubTba retarne frea Vwgtoto, anowtoc that Ball ta leaning need lor uegal parpoaee; but there waa nothtng definite licana bad placarded with handbills. TJtore waatfMiaa a m a t to tba conservative feeing of tba aeatfe, of i t oa wb« h atone toe aattaeaans of to* Ualoa reelsMutual Admiration Moiety, to which reoorers wars ad- mitted under protest. There were, at as time during tbe day, men enough about the piaoo to maaa any dis- turbance ifthey badwtohed.THB POLIOB ABBiNOBMBrrgIn the Sixth ward were admiraoie, whatovar they may have bo*n elsewhere. There were ao impedimants to votera, and tba efforts of the police were preventivehis ticket papered, tad depreited it aa aeon as be waata that Sate, la bm.d aa a BMbtoaar of hope,and known abv*U it,and tba police wore entirely ignorantI n P h l b u M p b i a LUMMB w i l l p r o b a b l y b a r e a plaraUt7, but tba ratoraa have not oommencad to coma la.Atargennnbarofrotara toft tba morning for N«ar Totk. boat. Pbikvtot.rha detectives accompanied tbaai W prevent fraudulent voteaThe t» iiowtne to tba rewtt jte the city of Pattodeiphtaaa far aa arortaiaed:—8ECONDWARD.•eqeently vtry little exoiumect waa manlfeeted TbA or feur mtaataa—that there was no crowd or orush, anf rather than ponative. AH the liquor places were KeptFirth and Eighth districts the rotors cams to tbapoll J a considerable numbers, grru g full occupationto tan receivers. Under the excellent arrangementsof tho police, who, ta this ward at all event*, di»charged were obliged t» swear toother insroeotora The roars it$1 wir« —'. r<-'»Ui OT*T Re*diD« '»!b war"— Keauiag orer Lincoln 6'h *an>- • i com ev* R-edlagTIT4 challeiging, be irreadefl Wule Awnkeg not uit(-rl\Ti-.^ iutheir preatoa to tbe descendants of Haa, aad were elet*toae*rtog la many teataeoa against the proposed smendmeatSM fOO Ther.tanatra tbeaea«jroaaba*a oonalderabtode-There w*g a rmtf rush when the paUl opaaed,Uio warr—Ll.ooUi 0%W Reading caaaaa fr m 0>*W .lat*ar«—Uncol'overBe<tflag4«Bwar«—I.IB<.luorri*>•*:*» 14>h wa#d—Llwofcu over Reidog llib arerii—1woo a o v r Red' tag 20th wa'd—Ltnco a or' r Betatog,.,Tate, ratarna todieata Uacuto'i plurality to tbaotty to do 10,000 r* It 00011 to war"— l.ueaTn aver Reading• ti ward— l.ioc to over D-ipalaaSU •I* • a • . ' 5 1 *THIRU WARD.Tbrre waa very hute excitement In tbe rarlous electionby tbeir oootiaDous proximity to aoanee of pp>babte trouble artry atempt at an outbreak w<is avoidod The rating in thto ward began very early. Tne adrice of tbe aaauift, to "vote early tad bring your neighbor along with you," waa vary generally adopted. E»-ory elector, with but fev exceptions, waa acompanled by his friend, some vottog tbe blaok repu>U- eaa aad others tbe Indivisible Union ticket Tbe republicans fought bard tortbamastery intoisfriends of the Ualoa ticket, and the oiggar worshippers, as the Lincoln party were bantering ly, rather than soof- ni-giy ealtod. These baatertogs were wall received or Jocosely returned by a fitog at the "fuaioa" prosUvltiea oftheiropponents,who,votinga.Untoaticket,knowant forwhoatheywerevoting Personswell aequntotodwith thepoliticsoftbecltaeaa of theward from time totimeprectotodtheaucceesoftheUalonelectoralttoket, whileatthesanetimettwasevidentfromtiecxpree- lioas, sometimes the wordy disputes of knots of elec- t o r s , t h a t t b e r e p u b l i c a n p a r t y w a a w e l l r e p r e s e n t e d o u t - side a sign Indicative of a corresponding support to therepublicanratelatoebaliotbox. Aathehourfor closing tbe polls drew nigh, tbe small clamps or disputants were absorbed in tbe more anxious crowds that gathered andremaneoatthepollsnntiltheclosingboararrived, vainly toqalrtog aa to the probabilities of tba great fight of 1800. Is sotne of tbe district*, aa aaaa oa tbe ttoket furnishers left tbeir boxes tba b'hoya seized tbe same, and wt h the application of a lew matches, and tbe large peelers of red, white and oiu*—setting forth aot only tan claims of tba various candidates,bnttheir faetal attractions—consigned the wboie "to oae red burial hknt" to the flames, which for a moment eery marked tba various scenes of etaoaaraj strife, aad than died away and were lost to the darkness— emblematical, a.doubt, of tbe rapidity with which tbe thrcatoatagareaatdauntonwillfeeqaaaohed before tae result of yesterday *o etoetlio.FOURTEENTH WARD.Nothing of Importance took place ta this ward. Everything pasted off quit tiy, the police having bat little or no trouble. ABjen,guirig hit namea*ThomasBaiter,WM detected to attempting to rote to the Btghtb district, barpitched battleFor scene eaaa* or other tba offloert of rieet'oa at thtcornerofTwentyaeooadstreetaad{birdavenuewdrtefl a slow as possible; ttaeeovrdulf tney tried tokeeyaat andwhenthep>Usetoaedateightaboutfiftypay. seretherewaitingtoveto,aadcouldnotgeta chance. Hadthemapeotora worked wttneven t mod*rata speedeveryrotecould barefeeaataken AStheofitoaniweretworepublicanaadonedemocrat,tbetoleranceB that there was a design to their tto a workingS1KKTEKNTH WARD, tberottagtathto••rdwascarriedenwiththegreat-estorderexceptsttaadastotota.Abouttwoo'atoekto tbe aftornoon considerable pushing aad croardtog araaad the pons of tbe Foarth datrtot teak ptooa, a.a it was evtdvatthataaeflart wasbeingmadetodeterptrttoi from oommi forward to vote There'were two or tores knock downs, a good deal of shotting, teterfertnoe of theH police, uitog their clubs «judtotouali , twotraaqatiity waa restored.Tht Second mretort, at tbe earner of SeooadanaFortythirdstreet,badabout1,000 raftotoredIt WMadapted that B afoonld nave been divased; bat this faeit atone was no excuse for tbe shamefulin which tba taspeetora, aided by tasdtotoat r-.-lw w ooadaeted tbeir baataeas. Barry poatato scbeeae aftoy waareaorvdto witb'ba kaowtodgv. that tbecrate bad aa overwhelming aajority of votera. The bv vpectora eabraoad t e a reeubiicene and one atonoarat, and, as delay was tbe order of the Cay, tbey, oa aa ave- rage, for a good part of tbe day, only pdied toa votes every half hoar, or twraty veto* paw hour—e-iaal a abont aaaveto ta three atoata. there was aottbe slightest poitoe arrangetaeat daring the greater part af tbedaytoprotectcittxeoatatheezercaeoftbeirfranl T h w*»d—Renting over LISOOIB 24hwarr—t,IKO•)havernV^dtngdsatriets of this we d throeghotit the day. Indeed, the Tuirney; and it »an wonderful to h<vsr poUceasaa, In sopolice(fflf^raaaidthattheyneverrawauahaquietevic- closevicinitytotbeFive i'oints,declarethat toeonlyb v < a•treat and Park row.aa totaow s•—It ombraoes nlao polling dtttrloto,ofUa exprese snore tbia words, v-d manners prwvoka btowa aonetlews. Only by postog V*ot'y baakwwoM aad forward* through the creatd could the p^'bo qilot tbe slight disturbance*, which would aow and toen artoSvottreand to kick up a row geaernOy, bat thomost alterably fallenmit; bafcraasbrblteddaptoyad ynterdavaoBs wbb groat regularity, and with a clear do their beet for tbe Union oauaa. la there, as a good deal of aalhaslaata foraaa, tba a>aaocratie camdidato tor Into ta bis fovor, ap tofeet abowara. At one ofta tbaaaottoa 04tbe refusal of a voter to answer certain questions put tothat all should have aaula excitement and ao dieturbanw. Tba vote was p lied quietly ana ttoadtiy. A ooupw or voters were obaUenged bat tbeir votes were swo-o in. Not even a drunkea man ooold be aeea There wt're bet tw i polltug diawicte in tUi* ward eon- wound. Tbe voters came In aoalowly—oae ovary threeBoise at lbs Fonrteeeth polltog pace, at tba ooeaaraf aveaue A aad Twenty third atreet, an aeeoaat of tae aaa- appearance of the relator lospeotora The potu were est opened tbere until ball part aeven, aad e r a tbea Mayliqoor riora« wereail shutoo,wi»btbeexceptionoftha ttoe <i<«»ra, *»ut tneia a;'i«»r»d to be little or no drankeo- neat But one em-»t was made; bot aa tb* peraun was at one. dwebarg-d. upon the prxni&e of futire g >r>d oo&a Tinr, we «.> >ot puoit*b his oama. Tbe rottng was eon dacted in a very (air maptie*, and there was but HU'eD^ioebutthoseintendingtovotewete alioaed Insidethe house.ATLANTIC GARDIN, •LTKABSTH AND WALKKB BTBKXTd.The polls Iu Ei>nbeth, near Waiter street, ware held la the kitchen of the Atlantic harden, next door to a atable, from the front of which uoneof tbe dang or filth had boonvottog la some Instances waa alow, tbe electors expsrienced aot tbe slightest obstruction or delay m seeingtheir votes depositee to the ballot boxes- In the Seventhdatrteaa vote waa challenged, aad the party, noon htaown statement, arreted. He had represented himseir a teg at tbe potts; area tbe republicans seemed to forget citinta of California for the last eight or nine year*,640 and orderly. and tbe poiire force bad scaroely aoytbiog 1,001s h a t t e r with tho voters. Toe door of the polling place was e.i;aj—'.<l by luiim-rB^. goo-i natured policemen, and at no time waf there a crowd iaside. There wa* but Unir-exilement, nnd that only about Kerrigan andand steadiness of tbe war'. Tho po ice did tttir dbty faithfully aad well Wherever therequiet that reigned, ao far as tba absence of all attempt*at intimidation, or any ayatotaattoed plan of obstructionfrom ant aide, there was certainly ever aad anon a stir- aheat fear P V , bat the aleatog of the polls before I n...•a a. 82t tion. No amstt for illegal voting were made, and order trruble they antiripU'd was front, the wards up town. Puueurg (eonpiet.)—14»T republican mij^ity.Mrpjawf ett>—RepuWicaamajority,l.tlft. Ineraaae reigneduptotbeclosingorthepoUa. inthirtvraediatrictabeardfrom2.S0OonOctobar.§t,a. 1 » taONARD tTPBHBT.The polling place la Leonard street was a illTbe Uatoa saaa saiM *'-S to the la•»*»•*•&CE*£8 AT THK P iLLlNJ PLACES. ahop, tocted on to the Toombs, aad giving aaoooss taaide Bach candidate waa ctVwed.and «f>d Uoole afoe" «m«for say persons except Ohotaspectors aad aha aoUeamea, w-tb the individual who wtofcei to Oapoait Ma ballots Wbea the polls opened qaia a aanall oroayd was coUaetod aroendtbe,<ioor fltovatora formed a Hoe, and beforeabooted for as loudly and By the same p«rsonavat tba Ucton candidatesBBABB rrnSBT, BBAB OMTBB.Tbe poU ia Baaoo atreet was ap stairs, over the Sixth Weid Hotel and was so qatot and ret«red that few worn aware tfeat a poiitof pbue was o»>en In that Trinity. ThoFIrWT WABD.rtec'ton hi the Ptrat w rd *aa an acaaatflacty qatatto gaaaralOoewaa anaotoi in t b . die riot fori legal rottag, altboagb 1t * « t ii»«- fans am- ao aamro 'bat b« ami •'• n.. He faa*) bia name •* Jamea St-de*. T <- -X 'i*-iit» »bou tbe poBa amo *orp Ua-Ha, -ad the moatby tbe poll featB) praaatit; the ewttog ami harriedthrnajjh witb,andthan amiraryliMMnhallonging.aaVwtof iher'dr. wereoaatintaemorning,andIfanyof dow of a house In Bto street, aad thto accident waspickedapbytbapoiaoaavmaadcarried b** toMBfor tbe ship waa Ceacrtod all day. The policeman ocoa-pied themeelves tat datperttof tbe fangs of boys whogntoerad at tba corners, but had wary little else to do.Onrtoff the morning a little child foil from the aria, thecrowd knew to what party It belonged The boa•SaGaavaTJwaareaan*a*asaaw^ m a a *^^aaa|waa^>aaasaaajabout anyo ft h etickets.A drunkenfellowboxes were closed and sealed. Three hundred aad twee ringleaders. The Wlowtog arreav! were atad* up to the ynrtiy»a*k»alyestimatedTorn400to1JOB. lytabigatptriUThereappearedtoboatiebekween NO.86ELM8TRE3T. tyeightvoteawerepolled.Poorhundredwereregis-timeofoioslrogthepolt:—totheFirstdistrict,PatrickrnNNltYlVAKlA. _Lynch and B.-otcan, although it waa amerted by aoota Too poUlag booth in Btm atrtxt waa 1a a privatetered. Pew were challenged and all sworn la. Tbe only relief to the duiinea* was tbe rots Of a aegro, who cast his ballot for Douglas and against universal negro suffrage, saying that ba "d'dut wont any oommoo nig- gers to vote with him "NO. 1 TKTON BOW.The poU hero was bald ta tbe Contract oflloc Onlyseventy eight votes were registered; seventy two were rari, six apoa affidavit* Toe inspectors aad policemen bad nothing t> do bat ooagratetoaa eachDoras, for attemptng to vote twice; to tba Seooad dis- trict, harks Hixe aad Blchael Doroet, for attempted l.le gal vottog; to tbe Fourth, Pwtrick Rtiey aad Timothy 8al- liran, for creating tba disturbance aforemiTHIRTEENTH WARD.Tba vottog ta this ware w a s marked with tnoataplary quiet and order. Ia some of tba districts tbe elec-tors aaaaa ap to the poUa la aaa coatinaoue stream fromearly morning until abont four o'clock, when It appearedthat tbe Uat of etoctors was exhausted. From that timeor a little before few rotes ware recorded, and tbe exsttn-meat aaaong tba paid agents of either party— the Uatoaaad tbe republicans as thay brought ap their frteada, able to reach tae ballot aaa Tbara was rrsaHaisaai was abowtog Itoetf more Intense In theFirst, Fourth,Lyrcb waa far ahead. The Union eleetoral ttoketofcKoraelargelyIntheaaaradaat,andereryhopewaa door of a small room, which waa approachedPtuLAMOLnnA,Nor0,MOB.in treat an part* * *&•«*•*•I aatortotaai thai it wonld carry the oHy by aa unpreoe by a aarrow passage way. Many rotea were polled aa>e republican ».»• w f e t t W ©far the rota 1 oeated majority. The pole to thai wardwereoloned at eucaao the doers wore opened, and the advice to roteCttnla-AUtfbea?ooa.»y,for toetneae, gatag tOtUi i n t af toa ifei.SMl The oepuslatonorti-flre mtoutra pant four, aad at that time early was pretty faaareily observed throughout the th-re appealed to ho none abut oat or pee ward. Tbe ttoket booths of tba various parties occupied vented treat *xe etelng the privilege af rating. the aasMaito corners and,were undisturbed, ami almostgenerally aiaM at feasaa.Att th* infers to the ««y toa evening if fliaUad tor After the eioalng of tbe poila tae people all unnoticed. During the day ao few people were collectedpans of thetake a atep to adranea by al o e depositing bia ballot aad leavhtg.botiae, the ballot boxes being placed across theremoved.and vutee were thrown in with great rapidity. Toon the rush etopoed, and nntil noon tbe rotes came only at laterwhere ba bad freqaoatry exercised tho privilege af tba(ranchife He waa only fire mouths ia tbe State, bowever, and epos that admission his rots was challenged.Hewar b-oagbt before Jastlae Steers, who decided that hewasontittodtovote,aadhethereuponreturned,andha tortattheeteatwaprectoctac«aarofTwenty- voteontheJudge'sderisionwasaccepted.lathegeneralwere any signs of ao emmtt they were on hand, aad ring bat pleasantly conducted episode between the waa loo soon tor tbea to get ap stoaa enough to baves•h» lea»t ailb the voters.In favor of Wtlimmaou. for Cong'oss, bot tbe Cai a eleo-toral •infeet was ah«».d. Several etores were eloaed, and va.s All day lung quite a crowd of young men aad boys voting tb the uillorent districts went on wttb regularityTbe feeling l» tbe ward w isMI»aaaWw intorttoneortb*>rtre,tsitI>olc.dlikeSundayW>no-wereabouttbepolls,batkeptawayfromthedoorand andprecision.StrongpatrolsorpoliceweredetailedTbeoalyarrestmade ta thewardwaathat of Tnaaa Mnilaa, arrested on the oomplaJnt af the laasee-•Tl tii»du*>t..'too'tht-»tor«*dorstbefoiljwiag:—"-la-it stationedtbemielveuoptfcee^iawalksandcomersoppo foractiveduty,anltotii^Srvlgllaacaandwatch- 836 up—ior«e ivsave th* Cnion." EverjibiDg was reryq ilet site, atutniptinx no disturbance and totcrfertnf in no way fulcra* are to a great measure due tbe peacethirdatreetad avenueA- AtthevotingpnBi corner o*Seventee*tb street aad Ptrat aveaue, toe buna. Dicus democracy began to aaaaaa a oeUgereat atUtadaDuringtiesftcmooa thevoiirgWHSprettybrisk,andt<>iiiSjier'.urjTo'iiu'.i notiett.ethepuildirg. Thetamecrowd was about all the afternoon, but obetrved tbeTheod aameoftbe•murderous"fourth must,aftor tamequiet Atbar-pastfourfourbundrel and eighty-thtootoetlon,beappliedtoaomsotherwardoftbecity, ninevoteswerepolled,mar.yoithtmbets*,ahpeglstoredfor it anil not be fit for that'am<><ia rerlou. Nothio*- im swero in. Tbe laapt.w>8 r^p-vted that much uiffl ward. There were a good many scenes which migat bePOOaTH WARD.Fruanlto oouoiy gl^aa LlaeoU l^uO majority orar Brecblnridgwat>dDovglaaLefeigb-oauntyg<veaa»maJILlnaalnmajority. fhtyeer raaaty »l»ea Lircow 640 atjortty.U i i k w o o n n t > g l » - « I / B o o l e 1 OtO m a j o r i t y . MilBia county |trea UUO>H. 240 majority. Oau(>niacount*gtveaUoeota1040majority. ObeatoroountygrraaLtoeota8000m«jarity. Weatmoratand oouoiy |i*«a L<uoota MO majority. CentreeuuatygivaeLnotlaTOOmajority.Ml AW4BJL•mrrum to tuaan auKtroaai. TerrasWiuiuiOToa, Nor 0 1800. The Fifth ward girea t ptaraitty tor Uno An. Planar,republtoan, baa 40 majority. aUBTlAND.wnno toaiuHtaucroau.rum BAirutoaa, Nor. 0,1800.Tb* Union anm claim tna staie ay nottoaathan 1,000 •ran from the rerioae noaatlea ahow naaaldaraOlaW". a a ^ W p a^bnmP Oi^Pwl ww^KiftaHHlfl OtW w w ^eu^^pamartar maa^a*o'clocknearlyfourhnndredvotea were taken. Thevot- treofeachcrowd,likealearningconductor; thereware Rftorra from AHagaay county fadtonto 800 for Bail orer ing began very «*rly aad nevsr ceased until a few minutes no challengrs and co atiumpts at iliegai otiag. Here,r e p o r t e d , i l l u s t r a t i v e a s t t e y w e r e o f p o p u l a r w t ; a c t humor, but as they have nothing to do with the issue wedoactcaretomuntinotbem.Thenamesontheward regwterawereverynearlypolledbyhair-pastthree o'atoclt. In tbe Fifth and some outer diatricta there were a great many challenge* of Colon aa well aa republican votes,bettheacruttaywhichtheyattemptedtoexorcise only teaded to delay tbe vottog for a short time, without any Cher result A slight c refusionhaaey fb^eblnrtoga tmajortajr to toe oity Tba reaalt la ddabbM.lee:alry entitled were enablod to rote. By one tempt at disorder, a paii'wn being statianedbl the asa-q u l e t o r c o u l d h a v e b e e n w a b e d f o r b y e v e n a r m l a l c l c u l t y h a d o e e t i c a u s e i b y n a m e s h a v l r g b i - e n a e r a t c b e d pfaia Quaker. In tbe Pint d etrtct tbe poll opened torn* few r-r left off oi" tba coplisof tbe registry list. The c pymutate,aftertime,inconseqaedoeoftheabsenceofoneof theinspectors,buttheymadeupforItafterwards,as.oani within toa minutes of tbe cSose of the polls, they bad not one aoaaetit'a rent, tbe voting going along etaadiiy aid rapidly, and all who were present up to the olose had tbe opportunity to vote Tbe ouly atoppagea that took placea voter bad neglected to regtttor himself, andTeuton gave h a name ao as not to be un- •• u-jre, and the voLig sot brisk dnriug tbe lay. Themadeoutfortbepollcb-rk* r>u!d notbefoundlatbe morning,andanother.aawrittenout.Tbeuaregistorod rotea were all sworn in.NO.47BATARI)STBKCT-The polls to Bayard strut were held in ttta secondstory,front room of the Armttage Hotel—a b^Jte of novery great pretensVons. Here tbe early y d * was act took place at 'ho corner of Pike and Madison streetstil coarse, to the totter case, the name couldtar some time be found on the register. But in ail down tbe street, and iwostalworth poltceaten gaarded the trouble here. There was a general advance aad retreat,wherethenamswaslegataredandoorrecUygiven at she palla no delay took place. The nu nber polled up to ana o'clock P M wsa over t'uree hundred and dfty.In the rtsoowd dietriot tbe polling place waa rather too hut with d>-e management all who applied aaddoordowastalra TheatUlr wasvery quietandexola- live, and npstatrs only tbe iaapectors, cha'toagera aad policemen were allowed to remain. Just before eioalng one hundred aad ninety vo'.es were In,/ two hundred and twenty-eight having been regitterea? There was ao at-afewhawsworeesc*waged,oneortwohealsweremade o bierd, jrnt tbe wb>ls thing soon after subsided Up to he boar of cloning tho polls there *ere no other signs ofexricus disturbance. .. 1 . Although it appeared very evident that the majtbeelectorsandothersweretjcitnedtooondactth< peaceably, an incident occurred ia the coarsed*y which vary nearly terminated fatally. Jobaa as arrested, with a great deal of difficulty, for violently aesaulttogja voter with whom he bad been ooaleadtog as totbequa)iBCatioasofoneDuffyforCongress. B>anwas particularly desperate, and news of his riotous caicct was soon conveyed to a police officer named Nicholas O'Ootiaell, who waa to tbecrowds were kept, with the polling boo ,h, cearty a blockCoort Bouee aad the v .wi surroundtag ijt, fr.joi persona voted by one o'clock, and but tew lost iheir bite,'' the polls %ere held In a batcher's shop, whioh >iir ctae to the rescue, and with much trouble Tbreogbout the day, however, the utmost good feelingha window, and atoppirg a m >ai-ut to r *d rotes by being too late. a fmgaKrat of aor-o neva avnt hin from NewTort by siroeoo Oraaer, etarted out aooomjia'iied i y In the fourth district, where the greatest dtffi vilty wasa taw of bin naoet imaaedHae a^aoniaaa, anr) waited toisurely over to depoatt h a rata, H-< was to* ooeorvod by expected, quiet reigned supreme, and although the pollingwas kept a most clear of a croad by tho efforts of tiut R; an was taken to the station house, Tba aaforta- cxaiad aaoeg both tults. and the day closed without any one side. The remit of aM thto delay aad otal- police. A paassge through thu crowd was kept Open, ano nate man who was beaten now lies In a somewhat pro- disturbance worthy of record. But oae arrest was mala ranery reeatW ia the most abaaafai evntaatoatoe mas.ee until hr n-achea the (iioort Sujae atepa; bat at that mvinaatbn *»» ao'ldeniy eatateo wita toe wildost oatbu'at. of eotiostaam avary.o^ded by a popular aa- atanhlage. All parly r«a tags seemed to Oe r ,rfotteo, aadand not of the Insp-ctora. AU who applied lefcaily voted, minute, and tt>«n there was a long paoaa. MulberrySIXTEENTH WARD.Tbe etoetioa to this ward paeeee off without any veryscions trouble or daoraer at t a polB. Ia the neighbor ' bjod of them, however, there was the usual assemblage" )dtavibatora of o^Maittioa tickew j>tne<i u tae ' aing demonstration* of grating Br. Ltoooiath. pollJ,butnoexcitement and no riots. Afew boysfought, an cnlucky dog was ohasod abont *ul stigma-were o«e or two other arrests for illegal vottog, bat they id not pramnt any peuuiiar features.EIGHTH WARD.Ttere was but .little or no exoitoaent to thto wardwaa slow, still it *a* the fault of tbe vr.cra being absent,ed tbe votea ranted in at the- rate of two and three a•.;•>>.» like pulp, the Mowe baring feeaa d- livored by a »ture) hand »<d with a heavy stick Dr. Welto waarlm-except one, who arrived too late. one o'clock waa 104.The number palled bystreet bardly knew its*!;. There was « crowd ifTroat of tnwilatoly called la to attend tho wounded mea ThereIn the tifta district everything was quiet the wholeiahroufh the bad aod urAhe auira without Imuedl day. The voting was alow, aad the "aa-airing" still tized as a "Wide Awak»," and a few mea waya hoot-maw, bau on i«* htog tbe aoavt ro->m tba crowd gain r ed as republicans aad fr^nf-ced out af tbeir ad about hiat «itn tneb oxaeta <>f aval that it waa with alo war, but ail tb*. rotoa tendered correctly ware re-aaaaa atStoaHy that ha made his way lirough Here aa ceived. Two votes only were too late, having come up wits, but aot injured or prerentcd from voliag Tooof poilttolans aad ticket holders, who dtoeussed with that about fOO aernaoratic retort «rra deprived J, tba each other the prospects of tbe election, and used their right of voting—tons making tba deeatc.-atl-- torn by thto er-aumenta with the votora aa they aade their appear- extravordaary airangtm<a«, ta Ibaa two prrcisets, tad-Biaautojm, Nor 4-1030 P.M.The eateUea returaa ourne la atowly. The enly eeturna communion with Mr. Brooks & Co , they wc-t for the caused It to lack The good order waa the sahjeot of r.is Cunningham and Booert Calkin bad aa altercation, tareceived op to tba hour gtving any elae to tbe probable "Little Otont " Considerable excitement prevailed inooa- general aad surprised remark, and none seemed prouder reault to the State, are those received from two fcraatiea arquenoaof a fraudulent poster having been circulated of tt than the people then selves. Inside, tbe Inspectors taJohnLntoher'slatadtatriet,AaffoatoaadBooklsgoaai. throughtheward,purportingtohavebeensignedbythe reportedthattherehadbeMnochallengesandnoarreaia. fa tbeae eoeatasa the roporVd rotd to aa follows:—- Henry Commit***, recommending tbe election of Mr. 8a- Juat before tho pel's closed, orer eight hundred voteawhich the foraser pulled a large butcher knife from under bto coat and stabbed his opponent to tbe bead, toflicttog aseverebutaotdangerous wound. CuBDingbammade a eecoud tonne at bia opponent's breast, but merely eatTWB1T1ETHWARD.Thto ward - , -il to be one af tba m a t te^ubtoaome toi> are vary1.800 fhrorabiej to Ball.of tho voting hours there aaa what tbejmUcemeo called adressed the jaxuads of the Injured man.Thomas Hsnnifen waa arrested for illegal voting ta the E!< vvath district of tbia ward. Ii was a clear vioUttoa of the election town.J a m s Fenny wag arretted for a ft lentous assault oo Jacib RobinnTSS1H WARD.Sat e leanedrla county.lOOt« • a a o • • M l onNOBTM 0ABOUNA. taaiovaw axanoaat.vova.-iWruDaWTon, N". 0 , Now from toa city and countyM « i TBoStatattat aroaalLocirrana.Naw UaUaaaa, Mar. 0, IWaitoa^tothaedtoiaaaadiJr aujetly. Thewhich rtndered teleaoopes necessary. Tbe dirty streets, the real atanorpbere, the filth, tbe nastlseas, tbe toatera,the rowdies, tbo bullies of the Five Point*, were abroad, hat Kept their hnnda in their pjefeablllty, ilka that of the tonality, la strong, —"it smells to Heaven."ed, dJanaatlBg the eventualities af the day. A good dealBeft. 2.MM 000Xkmpiau Bmk'&o*. vage to Oongmaa There was not a stogie arrest maUi, so had been oast, about oae hundred of which, were ha anUgontot'a coat. The offender was arrested andacter withta a few y t are past t t aomejltttlo treeito w a ex jectee yeetorday wish the Wide Awake aptos, M they »tre called, Uut who dm u it aafce t'oar appea-aia la unlfora a t least, twenty three ef the OentraJ Park poitoe force were detailed to addition to the regular force M a reserve ta cm*» of any trouble. They were provided with aa aeiirtoes, whwB WM to readiness during1.3.--0a Konkingnam need eondrau-New Tor* as likely to go toraisetheregistered rata feU very tor short During the tatwr'partSfXTH WABD.Tbe Sixth ward to "the bloody Sixth" ao longer. On "little faa" outside. 11m people in the Bouses apposito600 Dougtoa fat- > to these counties than waa ex-**!uaISOo» tiois4NO. 82 CKNTKK STRICT. ThepolltoCentrestreetwasholdintherearroomofa100 far aa our reporter could learn.unregistered aad were admitted upon affidavit. The locked op to the Ninth ward autjoa house. Or. Tuckertbe contrary, by Ba uniform good oondsot, peaceable,orderly and quiet deportment, yesterday, it has earnedfor itself the reputation of the moat artatoeratlo wardtothecity. Boughsand muaclemen,Boaery Boysand waaalmost Immedlatriyrestored. Mulberrystreetwill Dead Babbitt rod shifted, coatioat, dirty aad pugilistic, be a respectable oaMrttar before long if It keeps oa tmpro v- abounded as usual, hut wars aa amlaeatty respectasta, aa tag With such iccee chimney brisks and paving stonestecavattawere received oaaffidavitshimaa*sniSaaa»Ba«anaa>i»:HaBW*iiffiii ^»IBIWW«- «.. ^^wm^^j,^...there was no dela> in the voting PJ-IQ tU» polls opeu canuna coaditton. H a face haa been beaten into acme for dtoorderly conductof abeat five har.dred domaraito regutcred Ve- tera. When tbe peer closed aear about that i umber wore ttanav*g oatoade, ready to vote. The Third preetoet, aaaaaa of ilnfy-first atreet aad -tooned a\-<uoe, was aimost a badly managed. It had 1^00 re^aarad voters, and at tbe do** of |he poito it WM nttaatoila the.atr*«t tbara was oaiy o*e aantimeoa eaprasaed— crowd readily obeyed the order* of tao polreo, who intoe-thatdtheheartteatandm>«inn4iri<iad"eiigntatbaaftertoadoorswereclosed.Onehundredandtwenty aspirantforofficialhonor*Thetowloregardtotbada-intbtocity,aadaustayttatnamahamefalaadattVOjfoaiaaas Mr Uaooia advaaoadaa rapidly aa poatihle rotea were taken ay one o'clock fferoti when there wag t n e slightest praspwt of u jro <rand to the vodog U->'« and Oaniied in hta noaet, a^oa pushed between the combatants. The a omen only were waah, tt a tardiy asmiaary to sary, aU the eavna«e were The sixth datriot was remarkably quiet. Only ene in- drunk. During tne afternoon a "sqaaoble" oooufred, butyeetercay Between three aad four o'clock yesterday tuice of booths from tbe polls waa well ol morning a party of rowdies bang to effigy Beojamto Woodat tbe center rf Washington aad Spring streets, bat on which, however, cannot be a i d ia regard toTHE SOUTHEHN ' rraotxi a.ST A TES.went down tbe almost order was preserved in tba nine had their banners and their warriors, who teifceo, bat electton dtotrKta. We observed that tbe Ualon ticket was didn't fight No Wide-A wake came near the place, and a "aoratofaed"bytheadoptedoitltenaortheBmerali deadhorseandcatInthestreetgaveadistinctivecha- lam. Many oi them remarking that they coald not hold racter to the locality which its good order mlfkl bev*.Although a "Wide Awake" waa present to ohUleoga *nry doubtfulslight lulL It waa resumed, however, wttb the activity of U a oppontog ttokett ta tba vicinity of to., pni« a - aman, all voted who were entitled, and aboat'two bundrel aot occupied or molested. The ticket lislribu-Ders of tbeijr ticket, and thought the polling a mere Mat-ter of form, as they were sore of going oat of tba ward oi the moixtog, and oootinned until the polls closed. Tbe feBted more tbsn ordieary dlligena end seal, caBtogdid ao by one o'clockFIFTH WARD.Prom the opening of the polls in this ward till the tuntors to the other boxes called only the ^regular democratic ttoket" and kept clear of argamea6a abont fusion by saying nothing about the Presidential caudt. dates. Of course Brenaan, i.ynch, Ksrrigaa and Tu.meyMttb a larye majority. How far they ancoeeded can be rush of vtMm daring tbe day was very great, and tondly on all pi assa ta vote tor "rreeanm," tovoafarbegan throwing wator over the crowd; there was a great rushand scramble every BOW and then andafewOgbts between snail boys, bat no arrests, slace goodfeunorwas w r y aajoyabta, aad tba taken ta very awawdyU lof aTbe poitoe, however, totervaaad aad pvovaatod afore tbe poltecoeed the useless piling booth of the re publicans wa. kicked over, but tola was dooe aader the hrpretstoo that tbe voting was over. Tbara ware ao ptocarde on the booth, so that it waa doubtful whetherokaed, and if any Illegal voting waa don., It waa dooe by vi'tee awora to- May the »' r u never tow the bloodaeaa rciotatlon it gatoed darieg tbe voting yesterday.SEVENTH WARP.Tba proverbially quiet aad peaoonbie ward sustainedIto reputation for deoeocy and order yetterday. Tne torn plre of Janus, ia tbe shape or gin shops and whtokoy boles, were nearly altogether closed, and, therefore, thepaetation, toted all the tickets; bat few art wiutuelea. pceiting h a eignt ballots, and thus expreaiag h a vtaaa upon every qoratl a before the preple. Tbe nigger qaa> tlon lound b a t few sapporters amongst those aaaataaatar-among soma people who were congregated about the polls. At one time it seemed aa if there would be someduring tbe day; ta (aot we have seldom seen an election a-oe a veto for eotne particular friend of their oen, aapromBooatothe baarrad toaftbsfaBaoPdar,heir dallot most impartially, although tbe operation of all of the election dletrtots, oentrary setae gen wal aa-peja i IT so qnfctiy in this ward aa that which occurred mated M IBM rotes We have alt mdrd nuay e^eetavar»geooc cot,dic» on toe part of tauee wh > h*d the ceaarei of the Beeond sveetoet we aever haw It tothat tbe people looked lo tncmnaiva for tbaariatodAahasaitraaeaftervotingfromthetem-aboutnoon,whenonemanseizeda"rung"ofaoartand berrystreet••squabble"isauualifight,tofact,andoneasquidofmentotheaboveplaceandoatItdowa.At oppositetbepolltogplaceswereopentoflagrant tenaneeoftbeiraaatataalrights.Itwattp-aaaad rafrntotoana. The oaly aiteratioa b^ made waa the cident occurred likely to cause any noise, and that waa waa quickly quieted, and ao arreeu were made. A Mul- the fact becoming known to Captata Helms he despatched liquor stofaa, many of which ^"gwirna gg cutting off of hr* own name from tbe top where it bedy enckeure tbe maaifea at oas of eoth utiaam were began playfolly to rap i-ome of the bystanders over the' Mr. Linejoai, remnviag b a hat, boaed ta Angara and toes. The police, fearing such -'play likely to ala <y aeraona poahrd forward to takeiaha exah -eg. a oordial word with hi a; but the end to a cry," at CK.CCstopped it. Over, a hundred votsatoe great* for comfortable ooaveraatioa, ao he rwtoMed Wbi eeenrted out with ail the posalar thatoofld ha Iaviated i,pon him Beatoaoere to h a room to the -ante B'»ue, after an aheenoe i than tree mlauten altogether, a^d reauate t h a with h s vwtfora, aa eompoeooly aa Ifb.- had not Juat bo- a the object of an overwhelming a tei - aa ever any man waa raitedIndividual came out of tbe squabble with a black aye;but the dosing of the polls there were some slight brashes the police appre-itoto th diff*rencee of the looil'.Me*. and mace to get up a fight, bat tt amounted to nothing.very wisely parol unnoticed offences there wbtah theywould tostacUy make atresto for ta other quarters Aviolation or the tow rbnuntaaess was not very risible, poMed, bat for thto deprivation sf vota, thatsad the services of the police were hat once required to tbe ward would have glrea */OBJ Uatoa anajortty. ef arrest an todirtdoal for disorderly Otadaot Tae voting The few potteeaea on band atb-rty failer, frea mahaiiay a commenced aa soon aa the polls opened, and eoatjtaoed or wlitatoeu, to protect tbe rights «g voters, aad Is aiswere polled by one o'clock.The Seventh district waa also v ?ry quiet.IVJNTH WARD.republican booth was statloaed near t*e Bowery, But was In this ward the republicans felt sanguine for tbe sue without interruption until midday, when there artsa fsspraaaaar tear aerie proper wear. The part toaa^fte.r tbe eJcsteg of tbe peris ta the Tenth dtotrict Don-for aa attempt to interrupt the voting ta the Seccnd da- trict..Btiaaoaa, Nov. 0, l»00.tisftiuh from VlrgtnUra- far as behavior went, aa the kld-gtorei and sortouted presenting eadlcsa and persistent temptatioar to a riot, bceu of work ugnten began to rush ao to deposit tbe«r they ceo* up bnt atowly. Throughoot t a whole of thto one of tbe d.striru, »td bttog remo^stratod w i n byTbe prl'e bad b^en aoaroeiy opeaed to tbia ward beforeBall.Bvereumen. Wide Awakes, who volunteered ta "watch" them, and UMself denial and strong resolution of tho ,Moyleeanaot baJleta. At almost every corner of tbe atreeto, even so large warn tbe greatest quiot and order prevailed. The ofO or Bean, artaut^d the latter, for wbfu hastreets werealaait entirely deaarted by the female p o r t a WM taken Into cuzudy and conveyed to the station bouetvof the population, tbe majority of the s ores had the Two trirtce, na.^td Peter Reiley and Jwhn Rt. •«, ware ol cxni'.-ment prevails} a l a later hour, bat notwi thttaad- shutters ap, and Basnet where liquor ccbid be b wght also arrested for attempting his reeeae. Fire otbem UK, everything pregreasod peaeeably. It waa thought were eloerd. thoegh all who knew the ropes had appa- were am sled for disorderly oondact andobstructing toe rentlybatUttledifficultytoprocuringasupplyoftheir pol>s,aadHenryCbratie,awallkaownviafrant,waar* favorite beverage. About three o'clock a Stuart aktrmUh rested for vot::g illegally. Chrbue haI gl vea b a resi- took ptooa near the eleventh dtotrict polling denceonboardatlocp»yirgatthef<otof[Thirtyr-vetth place, on avenue A , between Fighta and Ninth stree»« ttreat, North river, b e t cfflier Hatch, aupeatag that aB Ogbts of any awsawsst ocoarred, aad that ticket box was placed on the earner, but waa occupied influence to tale whitt to overthrow the Uaioa aaaaa. As A number of tbe friends of John Cochrane aad J. W. was rot right, eect for Captain Mood],of the stoop, wbe•tr •radeatry did nothing of tbektul, ewepl at a distance, be sufficiently commended. The odor of Uoeirrojp«to- eart) as at aerva o'clock, tbere ware small group* enBnat-that,thetela!tathtoward,when itoctanttabefully ladtoaUng that ba haa •ad out of their neighbors' faosa, and *pWa Oowilng tlq,uor store. There was ail day a crowd arouB'l the cor made ap, will be found to be much hoarierWatera and Souther Virginiaandhaaid,whopatrolledthe ward fromearlymorning nor,aearby,aadthereweremorepersonatotbaponiig tbwiIthashithertobeen. Itaaaidthatthorepubllcana' *'U the poia were closed, report that no riots, disturb room than la any other in the ward. A repabllcan tor a tocg time past bare been asag 40 their money aadanpraoadeaUy quiet Tbe pratoe for thto J 2 ******* ^«*ttr haawwmthnsdlijleoil poll^), toeonly by an individual who distributed republican ticketsas QHaiaa laughed, "as if ha tnookad himaolC** Tue'an example of tho whole rota, tba returns ta a tingle rtlitrict ttbe Second) of tbe voteof tha year and the last, tbow tbe foltowtog leaalt:—Tmalroto l a t year..... **» Vuwthay*ni!,apiax>.P. atdenied that '.Lrirtle betoafed aa board of hit react. Christ* had taker, the general oath to regard to hto hetogthTJ f **!l1 Wh upr<>ct<M^n*"***'- ° * *o o*Pdiatawlanfle,aud voteawore bofrierjbj^isarty,aadthen camalternately:f,<,U* * * " * aWtaana, leserre th«j ntort briskly and slowly. There ware no dtHurfeanoes, ax^atrtaTaaSBaa^ ^^O* ""*H"^ff^tjt>,^.-:itMPtaV "•>oaroy+P**al(1batll'Mo haal. auernooo a torge party of Wide Awmkas, aaa intocoaae. ISOSi"!^T_Mm**»**< *!f»*t «>o duta •o .furm, aatheral anon the oppoaMe aaaaamika and And for acdittoaal votes up to the does of the polls.. 16 h-ag encrged ta preserving order where tbe bal-wpxdaaiteriaaa Mtolaaiiauj. ,1,a«4 an* aaoh along war by th*ir pretence aad the v3Uai*e aaaaaar u.had to form lines at the peUt, to tbe Post offia faehiaa, bttore defaHtoj; tbatr balkHa, saoh waa the rush.• ^ ^^ m K l o r w u * r avowries were gray..ccastora! rashea tOUi druaben mea; «rut duriag tht41t{JJ hta friends No arrests were made, the officers aU•ttertliher. TheSixthaaantWloaWtbaeatar.triable »blob Uwy wuduotod theaiMdrta, taariy pro- T<altooreeceprobably JJJ tmtog waa going oa As the aftoraoca wore oa 1wecty-Orrtward*oquietaadcreertyoatheoeoMtoaafhaaautod by Browdway, Canal, th« stow«ra> ruxtnoi rcstotl U a disturbance they ao djrpr«>aate LODBI Tier* were several efforts made to thto ward by a««l '-sundown" approached tbe number of voters as rlerttoa M yeatevday. Prom tba opening to tbe - iUntitled Documentthe egrets of tba sectional party ta restrain legal ucreaaed, aad great anxiety waa manifestedtog rfthepattc aaBataf reaarkabto lathewayoftduring the larger portion of tbe day voters were ewmpelled to take ap a position ta.g4a#to^Uatoa," to u t e the "White Ma's" taart, to veto forr• •n by reference to the official returns. Their opponentsworked hard. A bitter feeling existed between tbaLyneb sod BrenntB men, sad oaly tor the prompt later- file, tbe line In many ustnsce* extra-Hag half a Mock. ballot b< xe« all tbe day of more 'ban the average a a a . position of tbe policemen oa duty, a bot time would bare Tbe "Wide Awakes." who were to bare exercised ber on each ceoaeioea, bat tbe bolk of tae votes warearearceorded *JOpcaitodta taa forenoon. Theriwa|batmaarrestaaarvetuaacaoverthevoters,werenowheretobeaeea,and anything Mke a dlsclpltoed force ta detect illegalvotora was entirely want top If any •>Wide Awake" waspresent for ibe purpose, b e did n o t wear tbeeaitomary'capandcape. Amongthe incidents of tbedayaaabeBKiitioaed the vote of an old citbaso, atmed Francis nar-pby, who to 1(4 years of age. He waa bronghtto the poH tho city. but tt has got bravely orer tit disorder!* obar- of ihe Secoed ditulct to a carriage, and voted the,Union,and aemocratic ticket He was ao feeble as to need tho aid of several mea to be carried into the poll to deposit bis rota.BEVEBTEESTH WARD. -The vottog la tba ward commecoxi with great spirit;at sunrise yesterday morrD{, everybody apparently the dap at the daw ef the station boare abearingtomindtheadvicegiveatotheHSJULOoffaa convey them to the sstee of any riot o>-dis day to be earty at the polls. T o curaber of votersl did c.iortier, bu: tbrir tenioeg were not required B -rnard aot appa-epUy dimtntoh enlU aaoat clevea o'clock, whea BoOraln was amosin; hiaseir by upe.o.1 xi ths boo 'is toChantor assaulted each other, when tbe ttoket boxeswere overturned and broken ap, the pieces b.ung madeuse of aa c-ubs. Several of tba oombatanto were some- a vxier The ward WM otberwtor quiet, and the votora what severely Itjored about tbe bead, aad one n u nki 0,-ttedt-H.selees, wher the combatants separated, andt.'-'i'faredmanwaspatInacoachandtokenawayby<(Hoa«at Abe," k* , to. There WM a (crowd aroaad theaw •" aw -"7v **a^ww vwaeaw saaasrsa] ^^m^mm ^ ^ | a^aaaaaa at hBaT H ITWENTY PIB8T WARD,Never, ta tbe memory ef tht oldest iahtbttant w a tto JThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 