 NEW YORK HERALD.J A H E * G O R D O * I I R I 1 T T , E»M.OB AND raoriuKioA.metoda.eai3Cbetas,«iorrm f!*»*laMo»ii*r<•>>*•»'> l!*e TUtstockefBi*wasU.f«aaae aal11.4(1good eaoejtb In both to carry them to heavsarMS WKUir^——1 _ •» - — ,MM^M> (4# O w t a - - *•*•*»• «i»rf, w "«<• »»»f Fwdltscal asaal Oaaasaerelal Clawd* laMMXALP awfwJaarAp l.'g.rfZ*have appeared in the evidence of politicians, together stupid, than the opening of ihe Presi- Oaanotherpagewepublishtheproceedingscontractor*,lotaabjmenandothers,beforethe dentialcanvas*of1860.Therearealready OldAboof the mass meetiag<weld iasf evening at Unionnous. The popular hero of the Old World, square, ia this city, to bring forward Sam been appointed a*y both parties In Congress, coln and Bell; bnt their nominations ROOT*beenwere destroyed. The Italian Opera, notwithstand-ing the heat of the weather, still continued to be a cure it from revolution. Should the same fever7thor of the "irrepressible conflict,' and as too and is now enjoying the spoils of the bargain.it is to be hoped that some event will occurthat it would ba iaoompebble with th» pabbc latoraa TBS ADM1SHJOS OF &UMMS.The admlSRoa o f Kansas Into the D t a a ia specaisr a signed for tomorrow ta the Senate It la said ta ba On policy of the democracy to keep Basest oat ashi afar tbe Presidential election. Mr Suaaatr will sank* a elaborate speech on tbe t -Wet oa Honda; sen.avast. eaS lS.COC gerereaMM saga Java, tad of all Ma ".t 41,SIT parhaga*. Frv-gnu wera tolarablv aet'rc, a s Ifancmbfr K.i.«,oeasetheirwrangling,aud learn from th<» Rlbie- aa maoy of theta as c»aSewvid,aadofwhichplunderaadomceare the cvW features. That settled, then beginsXM TOBK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, MAY 80, 1860.fight TheyareatpresenttoobusilyOrflre vat staelr, wnasa'es of 4,toet»«s R:o »t Ue a if thoy only practise it Let tbe politician* ia a family quarrel arising out of the defeat ofcflas;ifhebeInfluentialaadwallconnected,he will not only t W Pl«ty *• sympathisewithhim,buttoaid£**escape. Untilthisstate of things U altered h i* pretty clear thatR W B FH0M WABHOTGf0| **^*^^^wa*»^^^Wa^a^a^The Debate in the House on th.ws shall never arrive at a standard of conusor- rai>«ft"grataSa1;rar^oa,warsaraaar.TeaeagtgareaditthattobetrulyreligiousHia*nt«cwsthetugatwar,aadtheitheirrepressiblecon- PacificEailroadBUL•ericsB.w.OOBXRRorK&MAVairenntoiisrs.Riaeteofeonandwheatamentia*toatom79,000asarytobehonest,aadtoabjurelying,stealingflictwillJbeexhibitedinItstruecolors. cialmoralitysatisfactorytoourselvesotre-?ft,<00fcuekeJ»,atft<««an\i forearnlabulkaaSbaga, and other evil practices, so common to the aaoaeaaawheat wastakMtaship'sbags at8*4, aadassuringtotherestoftheworVi-A D m x pRRHFDRvnAL CAWVA»<W.—Nothing could be more dull, lifeless, apathev'c, aad al-Retrrre*fcUcht, a,Boor at ta 34class. TheIViHi'ral Traders aad Tradlag. Among t h e most curious developement* la our current political history are those whichThe SetyctSeieel CewHtee,•aaa Mamataa mavee n a n la a Mlgsu.baser^• efriL'lUTS' laVTa-aw* *-Hi •«(•.<. m*nr. «#several_ tSVfH *•— «i»9«««^ V tV «u.i.f. (f «**i **«>• with swoid and Ufa In hand, aad the golden Houston as aa ladependent candidate for the The Oovode Committer, now in session, has received without the slightest sign of interest7^3l_T^ atii••»••——.p»'./'l~i«">««Kwrep*—Oaatgeta la the PathThe eigne of the times In Europe are omi^TaP/uU^i **MMAI.D<mWAto-fae a«/bar «••* #waa^^aa»aa»^a»ajaaaaa<aaa>^»j ^*ABSRAL BTlDtHSUrer Capevrcd otthe twutof Cuba,**» aa.yAv a#~t-'Vftr*MM«Ou»ii»v«»t»a»w»»« f>*a»i«wvia7» l w i i K i » ta taii *u. i^arraaa Alia TA««_ „ - J—< - jiwuiiiir ffcrcin1/)|rXSHSt-MJL.Vrjf r«»»,-«•! <•»<*'»Aay mlmlwimlitiij_jjrf M Uu *•**!.» B»H*J-D. K*SU.I W1U.IS >*«J •"«*• /OJ PMllfTUiif, in «aW e-O* <MOIMM. eAaipncm mJ eVKM* ••.150Ajnmuajrrt ran I T U U U .ram aABonr. m . I IrfliMMLWahLaCR^STHXaTBR Broad wnrSicily with a slender hand, and all the nations aad peoples wait anxiously for ttdlags of his fate.ble in aumbers, aad to give it idol hands o( music were in attendance, songs were sung, aadcannonroaredapplause.as in all testimony of the sort, the truth is In the proportion of a grvin of wheat to a bushel of chaff; still,asavehicle fortheexploitationonthepartofthemasses.Therepubtteaa party, one which is eminently dlsllB|iiishaal, as a rule, for making a great deal of noise, ac- cepts the Chicago nomination quietly. The leaders—Wade, Banks, Cameron, Sherman and others—give their adhesion to the ticket with more or less cordiality, but they do notthat havepromiseoflibertyonhislips,haslandedlaPresidency.Themeetingwasquiterespecta- broughtoutagreatadcalofevidenceInwhich,Few doubt his success; for the Use of con- This demonstration appears to be Inderoga- of the peculiar tactic* employed by the politi-duct which has been embraced by the young King of Naplea Is euch as to deprive him ef alltion of Bell, and doubtless has been gotten upcal traders of the country,, the committee is notp^p^u^duct ef RttVer, the atsaty, etaaj «r at aetata, 7BBT<jm MIBSTBl nan. 471 B M « - priest-ridden aad intolerant than bis father. of the people of Texas, be throws cold water political theatre. both his antagonists. Such conduct upon so taw Boraas LAWo u aWBJ. AtFBAMNH ThegovernmentsofWesternEuropehavere-ontheactionofthelateBaltimoreConvention, Thelatest,andaltogetherthemostenter.solemnanoccasioncannotbetooseverelyre- Tbeasoatehatssiapliitmma?a>-<^aa*tabaa**cussion which is going on ever the grave of Mr. Seward, who was snugly interred in theMB m i B l U W M .-jgun Oataa—Bsewsa Dee-other convention at Baltimore, of aa entirely different party; and yet, according to a recent letter from the hero of San Jacinto, which wethe spoils, we shall still be indebted to it for some valuable contributions to our stock of information as to the peculiar manner in whidhtraaatraSl the Caa»4of his fellow monarchs, who have come to con- template him as a standing illustration of the beoenta of freedom, by presenting la a glaring lightthebitterestertts of monarchy. Naples forms a constant incentive to revolution ia Southern Europe. The government, given over entirely to the guidance of priestcraft, has pursued a system of oppression, Imprison- ment and exile that has beea a reproach torepublicans are dissatisfied with the nomination others of lesser note, has attracted a great deal the rank and file.of Lincoln. It certainly seems remarka- of attention and no little speculation, and if In New York the attention of the party seems ble, and not a little curious, that Houston the committee accomplishes noparticular good to be concentrated npon the very curious dis-tint.by that section of the Union party who are aswithout its value to the du interested observer.ultra for success, if put forward as the nominee The republicans had a more accurate know-ral at Havana, and Misa A. Ramirez, prima donna, 1848, the thrones of Prussia, Austria, the Pope of the party, are completely sold If they have ledge of Forney s price than the democrats, At present dishwater is lively compared to i tgreat success. Mr. Crawford, British Consul Gene- run through the Continent that pervaded it inwhich will put a little spirit into the campaignare among the arrival* by the Quaker City. and Naples would soon be swept away, and laid the flattering unction to their souls that and so he was secured by the former.A popular demonstration was made, under very those of France and Piedmont save themselves they have got In his stead any other than the The moral of the Forney oase and of kin- hunting mania seems to be raging with unusual spirited circumstances, at Union square last even- only by going with the revolutionary tide. most ultra abolitionist It is known to all how>d r e d developement*, such as the war now go vigor In the direction of the Kansas-Nebraskaing, to ratify the Presidential nomination of Gen. Louis Napoleon would endeavor to direct ratherultra is Joshua R. Giddiogs. He and Lincolnlag on between Greeley, Raymond and Webb,is a very plain one. These occurrences show mines. Late accounts from Denver City repre-Bam Houston by the people of Texas. There werethan to stem the torrent England ceuid notwere devoted friends when they were in Con-gress together for oae session, and that friend- that trading, bartering, and trafficking are theship has continued ever since, founded, as it is, order of the day among all parties, democrats on common principles and common hopes, as well as republicans. Public men put them-selves up to be sold as auctioneers dispose of which Cataline, in his conspiracy to overthrow goods to the highest bidder. The Forney casetheRomanrepublic,laiddowntohisfollow- showsverydearlythat,Inoneinstanceaters as the true foundation ot political combina-tion. At Chicago Giddiogs proved the staunch least, the black republican brokers had a littlefriendofLincoln,andopponentofSeward, advantage(Uadvantageitwas)overtheshopfrom three to four thousand persons present, and permit her court circles to act on their perso-aeveral speeches were delivered, of which we sup. nal sympathies and alliances with the Germanply a full report Appended to our report may be princes, but would compel them to bold alooffound a letter from Gen. Houston, accepting thenomination for the Presidency, and giving his from all intervention. Russia might seize theviewsonthesubjectHewillnotaccepttheno- opportunitytoflyhereaglestotheDarda- mination of a convention, bat will yield to the nelles. A ll of these things lie in the path of spontaneous wishes of the people. natural developement of the existing state ofIntheMethodistEpiscopalConferenceatBuffalo thingsinEurope;andinthemeverymancan yesterday,avotewastakenonthefirstresolution perceiveinnumerablecausesforinternationalday, stimulated by the glowing accounts re- when aa equally prolonged contest waa bad for apashw ceived from that quarter; axd it is quite pro- THS asrcBiiCAa Furmcirros mzrao.bable that the emigration In that direction At least fire thousand ptople atteaoed the repubiica duringthesummerwillbeverylarge.All ratificationmeetinglasteveningintbesquareinfront<wars and domestic conflicts.At such a moment our merchants and finan-not, from personal knowledge, know Lincoln to THE POISONIAQ MAMA.—The contagion oftwo different system of labor at the North andFulton and Catharine street ferries, between New are ia a great excitement about some removals the South, and that an inevitable conflict soning first his own wife, and then two sisters,'aaaat l.mBut be that as it may, these discussions and I oontectiocs about Protestants and Catholics in _BSR at $17 T4 a $17 86, andI owpubBc school system are absurd and preposprlSM si$U to. BeafsadTard were steady- Bu 1T^t-011* ta ,b<mt M S00*M the otberpowerofthearmyandnavyIncarryingoatjprofitarmmuch. Thesevereexamplemade commencing,andwetrustthatwhilethepoli- signedSjbct^euav3ofNe»Yo-i,a-^-5*^^ >;frost t a *rresaalet at artest gtrsa athewouldbeverydeciuudlyagainsthaving the Bible read in tre common schools at all.his grand scheme. What this FOftJd load to »n this case will no doubt have a beneficialreqa;* e the a a t s to rtc^ *e cop >er cit'-a *- ?*•' * charge for mhrr coit.Oar tVaah.laf,to«. Corr«»p<»A'1«,,f'' W.Mi>r.if.>, »«.*** ; , r _HSS,1M>4,KB3,11.to,HUB.1114,UUii648,1014,Wl, TVr°<ev»<-»tf\AjYxMvi'-1* ^ Y .ir t ! » . rtf^o *# .. cor***?**-*- - : ' *was deal, sad sales tighi, lover prices. ThePresident s s an extreratabolitioafat of therevolutionary type^aad that he will be sop-peited M r< ch ia the coming campaign The prescribes. If the offender be poor and friend IWt.TSS. 8 » . m*", 11S0, 1131, 1151 republican oijstt* have not yet coanttneedth*were a taw leaned, w*h sales of shout Whads. *a«e « aril enough In both to correct, aadi«ss. he may, per;ha3<;e, pay '.h* penalty of his * i:sai».. bum* l/wnu« 0cn«~Kt» ».;*, w,K3 Siwhich would not have been the case if he didflux of people to these gold bearing localitiesof the West. The fact has undoubtedly been OCa SSLATION8 WITH CBXTRAl AXT> - TH H E 3 i i ^of the majority report of the Slavery Committee,which recommends a change of the rule in regardto the Discipline on slavery. The vote stood 133lor the resolution to 74 against it, lacking ten votes ciers will do well to remember the lemons ofof the required two-thirds to adopt It is believed 1848. The demands of Europe on us may knowiog his man. Giddings has been always it rarely happens that any great violation of by no means certain that large fortunes are tothat the votes of the absentees will not change the completely change in their character -in any regarded as the moat extreme of the abolition- natural or human laws is committed without its be made there for any considerable number of material change ta the aspect of affairs, at.1 startei,' result one day. Orders to stop advances on ship- ists— exactly of the same stripe with Garrison immediately finding imitators. In the Middle people, even at the cost of great toil, priva- anything of merest transpiring, either in N cararu*be the more ultra of the two, and Giddings, crime is one of the most irresistible epidemics from long intimacy, had a full opportunity of known to humanity. Strange as it may appear,established that gold exists in the Pike's Peak district, and in very fair quantities; but it isAdvices were received this more ag from Central As* rise, brought b y the Northern Light, treat Mr .'.at.-;. oar Minister to K,oaragua> with dates to the 13th. of apr.. He bad left Managua and gone to 8aa Jose. There eai 1TheNewYorkBaptistAssociationcommenceditsmentsofproducts,torealiseinvestments,toandWendellPhillips.Whenhewashere,aAgestheexampleoftheBorgiasledtoanum-CostaKM*.IntheformerStatethecontestwasr..ilft tion and suffering. It is significant that the ag on in regard to the transit rootos. The object ¥. Mr correspondence, of nearly the same dates, Dtmitry's rati to Ceta Rica is s o t known, il* eeeew ~which represents the travel in the direction of be Baking little i rogreas m the settlement of matter!seventieth anniversary yesterday at the First Bap- ship specie, may come in shoals upon our noi§ tist church, corner of Broome and Ludlow streets.Rev. Mr. kPeIty delivered the opening sermon, plethoric money dealers, at any moment Re- when officers were chosen for the ensuing year, volution always creates a strong desire to Rev, Dr. Armitage being elected Moderator, Saml. hoard coin among the people, and an intense T.HiUmantreasurer,andSylvester Piersecretary, want of moneyamong governments andthefew months ago, on his lecturing tour, he justi- ber of murders, in which poison was the favo- fied and glorified John Brown, and gave ut- rite agent At a later period the success of aterance to the most fanatical and sanguinary Brinvilliers, in the compounding of subtle dls- sentiments. When Lincoln made his appear- tilments of a similar deadly character, rilled the ance here,about the same time,onthesame prisonsof Francewith students In the same mission,hisdoctrineswerejustasradicalas tearfulschool. InEngland,withinthelastyear they were when he stumped the State of Illi-In the first speech of his campaign, imitation is one of the strongest impulses become very great, a good deal of disappoint- long list of past \ears of commercial depres- and in the very opening of that speech, de- among the viciously disposed. In this country ment and disaster may be the contequence.sion and financial panic. Europe exists on livered on the 17th of June, 1858, at Spring- we regret to say that the influence of exampleTheExciseCommismoneniheldameetingyes- thevergeoftheabyssofrevolution,into Weadvisepeople,then,tobecautioushowtheypertaining to the two governments.Nothing waa received by the government bj ta i at.witlitheappointmentofsomedozencommittees.Reports from some thirty churches were submit- brirgs adden ruin to the merchants. All of ted. In the evening an address on Sabbath schools these cu «es may follow in the wake of Gari-hnmenseimmigrationnowgoingonfromEu- rope will be the means of accelerating the emigration westward in search of gold; and should the numbers flocking in that directiongovernmenttottasenses. ThetoneoftheleapaicbMan dear and positive, and indicate that the g^reramast sn in earnest in their demands fc? a speedy s*t*meu! ef0*pending difficultiesTHT n m gsn APSICASS.Tbe House Judiciary Committee bare acitonzat m Reynolds to report back to the House the Senate i- providing for the captured afrtcaas, wilb aa amenta*gOTen'rg classes. This affects trade andor two, the taking of life by poison has become nois against Douglas. Lincoln, not Seward, a common practice. The Rugeley murder gave was delivered. The meeting will be resinned at baldi's - • ::: -is across the arm of the Mediter- is the author of the irrepressible conflict an impulse to it, which proves that the love ofnine o'clock this morning.The Board of Supervisors met yesterday, butranean, ima me year yet take its stand ia thetransacted no business of geaeral interestterday, and granted eight thirty dollar licenses. field, Illinois, he proclaimed that doctrine to is no less powerful in these matters. Within accept the extravagant stories which are al- changing ths amount per head for aeep'.eg them fram a*Several of the respectable members of the Liquor which a single adventurer-B sword—a Garibaldi, be the fundamental principle of bis position as a few months have occurred a number of poison- hundred to one hundred aad t*\j doI'ajt,and itsraSKwasIrreconcilable antagonism betweenthewifebyalowdosesofarsenic;thenthatatable.THE C r r r CHAMBERLAIN CONTSO VERS V. — T h e r eTaylor bat prepared an amcadmeat to tt*si which be will offer, to the affect that, nc waa-' which may be entered into by the President, oaear t» authority of thai act, anal, be raseweJ tf tim aatf •lurk and Brooklyn, was sold at auction yesterday that have been made recently In the common would go on between them till the whole coun- whom he is said to huve seduced; and lastly, is a good deal of contention, bickering and contract shall be eatered into between the I ;-.u*t a** at the City Hall under the direction of the Comp- schools. It appears that a few teachers, who try was either slave or free. the Rutland case, in which a medical man is threatening goiag on just now about the re- and Great Brttain makirg joint prevfcioa ;or tbf.ret-i *troller. Theleaseisfortenyears fromthe1stof happened to be Protestants, were removed, WeacceptthesobriquetgiventoLincolnby movalofMr.Stoat,theCityChamberlain,bythe aUafrtCABScaptaradoatbe .saetof a.ratoc tae aa» Maynext,andsoldforthesumof$103,000-about accusedofdisposingofhiswifeinasimilar termsandanajgaasa.the amount, we understand, that the docks would aad others appointed who happened to be his friends, "Honest Abe." He Is honest, be manner. These occurrences furnish a sad com- Mayor, and it is said that he intends to removebe worth for commercial purposes. The Union Catholics, and the petty ward politicians areFerry Company, the present lessee, was the pur- making a great fuss about i t The only objec- chaser. The amount paid for the lease that has tion to the new appointees seems to be theircause he believes what he says—believes In mentary on our boasted civilization. It is evi- the Street Commieeioner and City Inspectorthe irrepressible conflict We have nothing to also. The black republitan journals, we see, dent that there is a screw loose somewhere, orBSSAGH L013OK C U J »By order ot the Secretory c! War. a board ot oaaw,expired waa $66,000.IntheCourtofGeneralSessionsyesterday,the thisintelligentcommunity,tomaketheprofes- rails,andshowedfairplayinaroughand rianabstractions,andmoretimetothepracti- butthisisnotsoeasilydone. TneMayor,as andreportuponthtmerttoofbaachloadingcaaBeay'case of James Sheppard, indicted for wife murder sion of Catholicity a disqualification for office.»,wascalledon.Theprisoner'scounselinthepublicschools,oranyotherdepartment; • motion to postpone the trial until a com-tumble fight He was honest in his dealingscal teachings of Christianity, we are satisfiedhead of the municipality, can remove any cor- tew patent, presented to the Board by Arthurporationofficial"forcause,"andofcourse,In acDoarasMaartorranaanisi•*asaA*a»,*' auortn ATj.vr*^most cases, cause can be found If it is desira- the Honse Cotnm3tee on Fore^r. Affe-ra to say <a» ble; bat the Governor cannot remove the mouily agreed to rapert tea Senate bit' approyimmH *we need scarcely say. C Itis,therefore,evidentthatXIncolnrunsforinfluence on other evil doers. It is the misfor- <une of our condition that similar delinquen- cies are neither regarded with any very strong feeling of censure, nor punished as the lawticians are fighting some one will Look after the garbageboxesaadd*rtygutters.Untitled Documentinvestigatingcommitteestwo candidates before the people, aassel^, Lin-Oaur fawetal Waabl.g... popularsympathy,aadtoturnasideeventhatdissatisfiedwithhisnominationastheSewardThusthetestimonyofW\alker,Fisher,andsucceedinarousingthedormantenthusiasmof *"—'».•»/m,urnhouldbenowtakenupbya mass meetingat for.the party which its majority represents,New York, when the only chance of success seeing that the public mind is prone to believehe has wougj seem to be ia the action of an- that politicians are all alike, a* thirsting for Aaburn cemetery over a week ago. The chiefmourners, Raymond and Webb, are pouringout mingled tears and reproaches upon the be-nevolent head of the philosophic and philan- Caba, arak star Baadres aad Shyha had eaptaradi IUHI or raa PSAiaui-ras#B»,-T.o«-PA0use-Lrrute youngKinghasshownhimselftobemore publishthismorning,acceptingthenomination businessisconductedbehindthescenesofthe thropicGreeley,whoplacidlypokesfunat aa4takentbea>tatoKeyWattBAunrvt AirtmiOAH MOBBUY. Broadway- » u n civilization for many years, and the presentBTBliO'e BALOOB, Broadway.-Oso. Csaisrr* «w- monstratedwithhimandthreatenedtosuspend takm, DAMM.awntasema,as.-J*eaasmHaatwhich hesaystheuseofhisnamewasnot tainingdevelopementmviebytheCovodeCom- prehended. Thecrime of assassinationisa Houmas laad ctaa, Baaatnr BenjaaUa,aaaOesMa authorizedbyhim,andreassertsthathewill tereatedparty,defacduagatawaifagaiarmaehaaasumittee is in relation to the Chevalier Forney high offence in the political world, and the Mr. Tooaaba' report oa dsa subject. notconsenttohavehisnamesubmittedtoany andtheprintingofthePostOfficeblanks,ajob ringleaderofthemurderersshouldatleast rairaomaanaoaoam.diplomatic relations, aa they did with his father, RATIONAL pjOinnRTBaJbOOBT, tonopurpose. Atlasttheexampleofthe Italian Duchies and of the Legations has roused ranrra STRUT AHD FOURTH the Sicilians to effort, and the King of Naples stands in the path of revolution, without aconvention, the people alone having the nomi- nating power.TU Pacfie Railroad has absorbedtUBaca*t»M, dollars. It is stated on the authority of a Mr. the chief mourners before the grass By epeeaHaa*fBB*aat, the Honse agreed a> ooeuaaaahas begun to grow over th* remains of voting ot (our o'clock P . at r bat Mr. Darts, ef Marraal, so clearly showed tbe Mil to h e la want of awn carafe the distinguished deceased. It is fair to ,?ral guards, Cat, by a large aavertly, the wta»ia»m, say, however, that Greeley, with charac- which esnBiaced toe bill reportad frost the n a i a i i u * aixteeo, aad ali the amaadmeits auboaqcaatrr atdraiUORMCB or ATBBOR-COne thing Is certain, and that is, that after30, I M S ,frieud and without a moral support outside of his own dominions. Within the kingdom of the f wo Sicilies public opinion is like an over-Webster that he was authorized to offer .this ail the trotting out of democratic candidates job to the Chevalier Forney, on condition that by the newspapers and by their friends, the he would support the Lecompton bill, then be- number to be brought before the Baltimore fore Congress. Mr. Webster states that Mr. Convention on the 18th of next month is nar- Forney declined the offer, and that the negotia-^teristic modesty, denies that he struckdojaaa^pi w www*Ia Coiiarets yesterday the Senate took np the charged and pent up volcano against him. Thethe fatal blow, and talks about the Blairs and rowed down to two or three, who are available, tions were not renewed. Mr. Webster, it ap- others as principals or accessories before thethereto, waa recoauatttad to tbe aelect eaaaaaaa, Ta» aoathern route through Vsxat, aad by way at • raw acd Fort Yuma to San Diego, recerrad aa aetata aato blow from Mr. aaaalttoa, of Texas, was', although advoeatiaf it, waa so severe a ba langaage towards th» repreaeaiaiiros of Oat Norm ss atorn taem from their purpose. The road m qua* pap* lar, aad a large aaaosat of NVwSsera sapUal ia ia rawed a it, aad the bnereaatoa n that if the soisiHSsa daw sat agreetoreportittotheflsuse,octwiHawaarttng tieaaa Toreble mpreeiian maJa by Mr. Ilamiibaa, thattae fjaaat' TTiraaitrff bill, and a motion to disagree to the appearance of Garibaldi upon the shore bringsHoaaa •nMnrtmaat waa edopted-29 to 20. The to Sicily the point of concentration which ittaken np, and a motion required to consolidate and direct its action.and alive in the minds of the people. Thefriends of Dickinson say he could get the but the latter, like the immortal Brady, the that the glory shall be Greeley's. The quarrelto concur la the House amendments, but pending the question the subject waa passed over,and Mr. Pearce entered into explanations relativetotheprovisioneofthePoutOffice DeficiencyAp-propriation tolL Thia subject waa also laid aside,Etna has burst forth, and there can be little doubt that Vesuvius will answer to its call.The great question of the day is, what willunanimous vote of the South, and that he could carry New York State by a large ma- jority, if nominated, as the people are in hisfavor. The majority of the delegation are understood to assert to the contrary aa regardsAiistidea of the New York Board of Alder- men, held himself at a rate higher than the price which was offered. This we can very readily understand. In 1856 Forney was sup- posed to occupy a very important position.has been taken up by the party journals in the State and elsewhere, and bids fair to last for some time to come.The Greeley war, however, is more interest-and Mr. Siidell made a personal explanation in re- be the effect of this movement on the rest ofing to the parties immediately concerned thanto thepeople In general, who attach very little Beelf will yet be induced to add it to the bill ooataa^guagard to his alleged interest in the Kansas Land Europe'.' In the doubt that attends the answer, Grant bill. He recited the facts, and refuted the public securities have fallen, and every ex-the popular feeling of the masses in this State. He was made the custodian of a fond of sixtyThe Southern men are, of course, putzled between these opposite allegations. Now, the or seventy thousand dollars, raised in New importanceto the quarrels of rival politicians.best way to test the truth is for the friends of York, for the purpose of carrying Pennsylva- Greeley's affair with Raymond diverts atten- Dickinson to call mass meetings and see how uia. Forney received this money, and it is sup- tion from the candidates temporarily, and the popular voice will respond. The South posed that it was expended In bringing up a we hear but little about honest AbeCentral route, and give t j the cou try two roads.the aet of raeomittiag aha bill, together with the raraw ameadaeato, to the Sotost Committee ef the Hoax a Say, la regarded as eqnlraseat to Ba poalpaaeaaal laHhtpresent seaaioo The naaoaw for thtadapaslag of it h elude the contrariety of op'a Mas as to the proper loaUba at the road aad the insufflceney of the eaadlttoas a a cure tbe execution of Oae wcrk by those oa wham the franchisee were to be conferredm junosAi wmmuctm comcrtmWhen tbe National Republioaa Oooaaaavw far tae awacharges preferred against him. Messrs. Benjamin and Toombs entered into explanations respecting the Houmas land grant, and Mr. Pugh spoke in fa. Tor of the bill providing for thefinalsettlement of private land claims in Louisiana. In the House thechange in the great money marts has acloud over it Men have not forgottenthat the revolution which blazed throughEurope in 1848, sweeping away so manysufficient number of American votes, so that Lincoln or honest John Bell. The for- who cannot carry a sufficient number of the State might be carried by the democracy. mer seems to have been nominated by Northern votes to make up a majority when After the election Forney was much puffed up the Abolition Republican Convention atadded to the votes of the Southern States. with vanity, and wished to be elected to the Chicago simply and solely on account of hissplendid fortunes, to many strong mer- debate on the Pacific Railroad bill was resumed, chant princes, and toppling so many pow-cannot be expected to go for a Northern manand finally the bill and amendments were recom- erful thrones, began in Palermo. It is true the mitted to the select committee on the subject. In state of Europe to day is very different from Committee of the W hole, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, what it was ia 1848. But what is its conditionoverhauled the Congressional record of Mr. Lin-coln, the republican candidate for the Presidency, to-day? It is not alone Sicily and Naples that showing the measures he advocated while a mem- are in a ferment—the States of the church areUnited States Senate. His political friends, honesty, which we do not doubt It is an im-beroftheHouse.Our special despatch from Washington statesthat the government has been advised of the cap-keptfromrevolutiononlybythepresenceof French troops. Venetia is burning with desire to foUow Lombardy into the anas of Piedmont,the only one required. It seems to be the only M. C , has since been selected raxBOSTONrxrwemes.tare by the Crusader of another slaver on the coast Hungary is on the verge of outbreak. Austria,of Cubs, with four hundred andfifty Africans on poverty-stricken,findsherself powerless to re-board. Bist a torrent of public opinion. Germany is that very time voting and declaiming againstbut offered the Liverpool Consulate, which,with salary and trimmings, is worth about fivethousand dollars a year. Forney turned up only honest man in the Union. Mr. Bell is adopt the report, the subject caaaot react: the St aabThe steamship Arabia, which left Liverpool on again agitating for German unity. Russia isthe 19th and Queenstown on the 20th inst, arrived stirring up to revolt the Christian populationat Boston at seven o'clock last evening. The Eu-ropean mails will reach this city aboutfiveo'clock of Turkey. Between France and England the this afternoon. public relations are so insecure that the Frenchhis country, and leaguing with its enemies.As the conventions have failed all round in carrying out the will of the people, these massthe same tune, "honest Abe," "honest Abe,""honest Abe" continuously, as if Abe was the not yet known to the House, aad when it is. if the I howThe steamsaip Qaaker City, Capt Schnfeldt, Emperor has issued orders to the press to use meetings appear to be the only means left of arrived at this part from Havana1 yesterday after- no strong language towards his ally. Doubt indicatirg the direction and strength of the soon. Her dates are to the 35th. There Is no aad distrust prevail everywhere. popular breeze.political news. Senor Pacheoo, her Catholic There Is a cause for the widespread exist- WHAT IS THR POLITICAL STRIPE OP " HONESThis nose at this offer, and began to negotiate with the black republicans. It was at that moment probably that the offer of the print-early enough t o be considered. Hence, the present aw equally honest, and ten times as capable. Why oeaaisf to exist with thai seasian, Poatmaster Capea «9do we not hear anything about honest John bo free to rjsnore from State to Snmaaer streetBell? Is old Abe to monopolise all the credit THE cawioujr u c m o c w r nuurrsaid to be worth as much as eighty thousand refrain from making jokes at the expense ofpears, placed a certain value upon Forney; fact Webb and Raymond, however, insistThe friends of Gen. Lane, "honest Joe Lane,"it is understood, are about to get up meetingsin his favor all over the country, when theyintendtoshowthatbehasalltheavailable Pennsylvania,asrepresentedIntheLegisla- onewhichLincolnpossesses.Hehasnocapacitypointsof "honest Abe Lincoln,"and one byture, knew the man better, and he waswhatever for the great office to which he as-pires. We must have a man who will preventother people from stealing, as well as refrainfrom it himself. The republican papers singThe Honse Committee oa Poet Offices aad Post Boat bare wnaatmooaly agreed to recommend the ooatu loaaw oftheezatng law requiring t i e Post Office of Bat <we a remain In State Street until March 4,1SS1, when, I f on* recommendation become a law, a saw adBiaUtratto a wl decide upon tbe matter The act.cn of the cemmitt a 0defeated.career in the Mexican war, of which he was the Cabinet as Postmaster General, whichNext hethe Marion, whilst Lincoln, in Congress, was at office Mr. Buchanan would not give him,which he completely eclipses him—Ids brilliantcoveteda seat inHajestj's Minister to Mexico, left on the 19th for ence of this feeling, aad it lies ia the fact that, ABE" LrecoLN ?—Those moderate, almostLbit country. Several large fires had occurred except in England, men do not believe that the conservative republicans who are rejoicing at every way than he could get from the demo- searTrinidad,andgreatquantitiesofsugarcaneexistingstateofthingsisstableenoughtose-havinggotridofWilliamH.Seward,astheau-crats.Hewasalreadysoldtotheotherside,developedasthecanvassgoesoa.MeantimetheHousetoraespyefHatch'srepart,oatoogreantand among them Mr. Buchanan, assisted him to portant qualification in a public man, but not ingfo-jr jeara wai announced at Chicago, the ateaser (a the best of their ability; but the people of Pennsylvania waa not deaigaated. Edward McPhiraa,ing was made. The Chevalier had closed the for integrity that the political world has to Ooawahatoaar Batch's report on she Oaaartiao rati)**-bestow? Mr. Bell, through aa extended public city treaty a sat oar/ atroagly erawaei to tbe aaaa r ticlea of agreement in that laatrumeat, bat the adnatacareer, occupying the highest positions, has trnttao are also reported against it, aad the treaty wal be always kept his record bright and clear. Per- opposed upon the Boor ef the Hesse. I tears that aw haps this circumstance will be more clearly Secretary of SUM decades to comply wtts the aail atbargain with the republicans for the position he now holds, knowing full well that the Clerkship of the House was a fatter thing inontheoppositesideoftheway.these stories, however, should be taken withconsiderableallowanceforexaggeration,andthedesireofinterestedpartiestoinduceanin-the City Hall. It area larger than the meersr a'C.cfe rat fled the nomlnauon of Ta/ior, and n«z.e was tnr mom orderly. Therepublican?aresow*'! [).!«••:aetth appropriationsfortheDistrictsi'lj>r,Ut..fit-..n* oo opposition.a Kossuth, or a Louis Napoleon—may at any ways put into circulation, of the abundance of the appropriation from two hundred t^oaaand to two ba candidate for the United States Senate, and the ings, which, for coldbloodedness and deliberate wealth to be found in new gold regions, and, if drcd a n d fifty thousand doUan. Mr ReynoUt a u nDealers' Association are now availing themselves ofthe reeoluUoB recently offered by Supervisor moment topple her thrones and her merchant fundamental principle of the republican party. atrocity, cannot be surpassed by any of th,e they must go on an adventure tc Pike's Peak, peaies the bill by a repart expaaatarv of IU proraavRoache, and passed by the Board of Supervisors, princes together. to take oat licensee. The Commissioners meet againthismorning. THR POLITICIANS AM>THRCOMMONSCHOOL TheleaseoftheHamilton avenue,South,Wall, CoxTRxnos.—Thesmallpoliticians of thiscityThis was long before Seward's Rochester we had the case of Stephens, who killed his to go well provided with provisions and with anl the oonatrachc^a whine hare > » !'-' " speech. He laid down the postulate that there crimes recorded in the causes cUibres. First, proper machinery to render their toil avail- government on the act c* 1619. Mr a *Weymouth, where a party is charged with poi-to consist of Majors Ramsay and Laidley, a a : Caau say against Lincoln—nothing against his pri- we should not have such things to record. If threaten that the Governor will remove the Maynadier, of the Ordnaaa Pepaaaent, it toreligion;'butitisalittletoolateiatheday,invatecharacter.Heusedtomakeverygoodourclergydevotedlessattentiontohumanita-Mayor,asamatterofreprisalandretaliation;oathsSBth,orasso»nHereafteraspoaa&le.tc-withhisneighbors,andwedoubtnotheiscoald be sent to Maw Jersey to take the aad, moreover, there are a great many better equally honest in his political opinions. He Is shocked by these dreadful occurrences.of am importaut witness, who had moved school books than the Bible. It was never in- of the same school as "Honest John Brown/'The motion was granted, tended for a school book by God Almighty, unless that he believes the courts the best CRIME HERE AND ABROAD—We see that Pol-who knew a little more about it than the poli- mode of effecting their common object linger, the defaulting cashier of the Unionthousasx dollars ta towtatad Harnt, f o aerefcttsgw* treaty witn Siaav waich a nteade-i aa aa vim*** meat of hU vaiw.bie terv.cea to t h . cas*.»rs* aabout 800 a aw ticians. It was designed for men with intelli-change ta prices. gent minds, as a guide for them in their searchafter true Christianity, and for nothing else;tar export aai and if the Saviour were *u earth now, perhapsIf be becomes President, bis purpose is to Bank of London, has been condemned to twen- liberate all the slaves in the Southern ty years penal servitude. The money which States by habeas corpus, using the whole he is eaid to have laid by will not, therefore,Mayor without impeachment and some form oftrial. Such threats, then, are vain and futile.There is one thing in connection with munici-pal affaire which we hope will not be over-looked in the midst of this contention—that is.thecleanlinessofthecity. Thehotseasonis ratiostb«*patitletsprateitecbjilr Bngti,4 s ^ .that the public mind would not be so frequentlyTHE PIKE'S PEAK GOLD STORIES.—The goldTBS n i U I . ADJOt RjrHBTT O? COsGS>*Those who were moat aaoguiae for ad.ionrniag aa Qs sent the adventurers as pushing on for the IStbof Jaae.are'soweatioaedUuttteaanotbedOBeaarue than, the 1st or middle of July, whiab will be earav tf Pike's Peak region at the rate of a thousand a three weeks tbaa the Thirty fourth Congress ed>e*r*»t,the mines as very great, speaks also of num-bers returning to the States, homesick and dis-heartened. There is every probability that the despatches to cur bunator wlh undoubtedly brieg aatC o u r t C»la«Oar—-TJUU D a y . 8<>«a»Coi'»<T—<iaci.\T—Part 2—Soa. 1028,1068.1082.tOST:fromPeru, ihe sendingof a aac-of-war'.soorettatEast.The CODmitUi of Wa?a ana kee^e bn»# ;»<*« °**^;*-£*.<:•*a.. *?V»U -«"'.r*» tvcoma io.» . .www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 