 Mac nrm, and that Lord El«ik is not going to Pe-carried by storm the battery at Polrte I'Equllon. and duringJanuary,1807—somedarishortofamonth-andboHefjw^i thriwt aof WiMl. Loss,Jri*" «trl. 29 whe • *)".l*«<^5'"'%i* 7«ars-M age,omoTAi, oRAwwjs. atkioBwgBa-ai'ai^r.'O-ttarfruiWjVm$.1,S00;no Insriranco.dincocsetigenceof bums re- testimony ofor TBK* CO., KAVAflSMru>|ia ilH of wiikt bi^Aoold do.tootafsta » pemunenf pasoe. Nothing more is necessary than tlutt Peking sliould know tluU Enfland tins an aim long enough to reachhe tookp, IMW Uirti Cogaaajia cooperated with the Spani^h ptiiiiotsol catatonia, against Napomos, and was en- gaged in many brilliant enterprises on shor<> and at «•. In April, Ib0<», he was selected, from his daring inuepidlty, lo command a fleet of fire .sliips irdended lor the dtstnicUouof the Frenchanchor and blockadedRoads, On the olght of tne llth of that month lieher ud chastiseSo long iis thethe min.s of thesoon in a A blaze.OSKAT REDGCTIONWe t^svecencinded to offer oor large and oossplstevt-rythose orbs, from which were reflectcdonly thf;a-iac-lirm. irepresentativewomen" tliem- appointedeco-iipasked azjd shipped to all parta of C^ worU.at the housebuld It 1RSrWr>HJLOW'S SOOTHING SYRVPanyverdict in accordance withThB fc. Ni^OLAS SoClKtV-^ANNirAL KCTC- stock of WlNTK.it CLOTHIXG sod. KUIS.'fl.^nlXGbreach of faith.!!!Empenx beHtres Ills capital out of reocli, so longwill be pare llltle what treaties he may sign to re-tnoTo any imapediate pressure. The !•/»«' hopestheir attpearasce at Pakhig. accompanied by a force Honiton. ltistoljispolitlcrdrou.se a»: "i' loatiu-missing. The known.thetetm that the Arobasssdors, with tl>e raagniScent-t eirociuaUy.act he received the of the Ba'h. At ihl> timeR.\UTliad atfibeCrystalPalaceafareiirett givM^ptisanvcryllBht dry.LOTFb'LL balloing adjoining, fronting, abo,Stales.B.US81A.The Dowager Empress of Russia was dead.*"POLAND,The, Poles displayed such a dUloyal spiritLordCocHsinacoaptedthecommaodof, the Chilian fleet, and main%' sontributed to Ike sueOMs of the C'hiUan war of independence. The catliBa out of the Etmrralda from tlic guns of the Castle' of Caliao, l.as aiwavs been regarded as one of liis most-celebra-while ted exploits. In 1b2S, Lord CociiaAxp. gave his ser-andsalutesfired,andtheWideAwakesparadedwith (itRjaveunexhibitionyesterdayafternoonbeforea Kass>u-st.,whichisyieldingalargeinterest,andcon-AiaiiaUB was at Warsaw, that his Majesty was un able •A'COnceai tke vexation he feiuSPAIN.Marehal O'DoNiaii, inthe Coriez, on the Ml h, reaer-There was a large and spirited meeting here to-with Mr. Fmelak. and beat him 20points.The exlu-bers-st. ForfurtherB. M, Ji F. A.of WHITLOCKteriogtheminourRetail atttie^ DepartmesitLOWEST WHOLESALE PRICES.Blue in 1841, of the White in 1851, aud Rear-Aitmiral ated ttal 8palB had resotred t» remain neutral to the of the United Kingdom liH. LokI Coobsaki wasirsy,0. B. HATCH 6No. 4i» Broad aNEW BOOKS.the doubts ««i^cd of the loyalty of Napouou towai* theif tlieppssessorofvariousMeignohmkofmeritandtkeaSaiisofItaly. H»*l»oprotestedagainstSfauiAh Government;Lo.Nosnow, ApampUetwrittenbytheBarl,entitled Observa- CISfrozenintheice,whereHe left the explore and Southwestern cities. New and comfort-.more of a success, she would have done some despcr* mails tfom New-Mexico and the Department of the ate deed. West, but the news has been already received andof nine members of theCommissioner of Highway^ aad his two Assistantof Tenili-strect aud Fourlh-a-. enue.Fort Hamilton.The New-York City Guard, cominanrieJ by Capt.M. L.OVFLL, went to Fort Hamilton yesterday for theBrazil and River Plate mails have arrived. News mosyy anticipated. Hides were dull. The woolof Highways, together witli several members of both Boards of the Common Council, visited New-York on last for the ofmachines.Just rereivedt per last steamer* a larire aa- M sortmect of I'ste'a Cork-Sole Boots and clippers. Alio,crop.proinisedthewere out at a late67. At Bahai the stock of sugars was nearly ex- in by the approach of Winter, and operations hadthe entireMR9. ANN S. STEPHENS,NKW-VOBK WEEKLT on Thursday next!100,000copiesSewinB Maehlne will be printed to meet the great demaad whiakPrices by GENIN. No. 613 Broadway.married!Wabbek—McLAcoHLin.—In tliis City, onNov. 8, by Rev. Hr. H. F. Roberts, Mr. Hihbi Wabbx.ihausted ; sates unimim.'tant Cottoit—No sales for ceased. exportation. Exchange 263i. At Pernambuco the Coi.SuvNEs, beingrelieved Ceo. byHAs^rrr,isentries of the new crop of sugar were trifling. Cot- lon^No change in value. Freights dull for want of produce. Exchange 25 M o*^- At Rio Janeiro coffee was finxier at an advance of 50to 100 reis ; superiorgood. Excliange27to27H.riled u[«ii a few blocks of cobble-stone pavement,being tlie pavement in use in Phiiadelptiia. The mer- Col. BosTwicx, of the Eleventh Regiment. Col. Lan- GEKIN'S, No. 613 Broadway.party expressed tlieir agreeable surprise, liaving:thoroughly.—In this on12. Chablbs FEA^KLiK, Sou of Abraham A. and Marga-ON THURSDAY NEXT.If they do not leave their orders with the rariotu Htwm.by |i»e necessity of further steps in the same direction. TheSlockExchangewasclosedto-day. TheParisLiberal army.which alsfi did some verv fair shooting, was daughter ot Henry Bcudder, in theNo, Busn.—In Providence. R. I., on Wednesday, 0;t. ;0.Bourse was also closed, in consequence of the festi- vatofAili^aints. Theamountofgoldvrithdrawnfrom the Bank » as £50,000.maids— one Prof. byNo. 54_freely their usefulness and economy. beings, and should be relieved and protected. He In the afternoon the Committee visited the stables Inshots fired each struck the target, cutting it loose fromCity,10,,VE;iFOOI. BEKAD^TUFl'S MAKKl.T.;Br.r.Ans'-[:rvearej-'cnerallysteadyandquiet. Ri.:h- ABPSCK. Si-T.NrE & Co., Wakefield. Nash & Co.. andFrom BrnzoH.NEw-OiaEA.ss. .Mon lay, Nor. 12.The .sleatner Anzura, tnnn ilia'/.os i>th, has ar-waato the i'olicc of tiic E-.i-tc-n cities, in wiiicli dii.c'ioj. lit is supposed toha'icilipnried. Friin:*-"uied in season KEVEE pails to curi all diseases mlh' which.childrenare affected duringtheproceai of teethiag^ For tl>e nervous Affeciions.ConvuUionB, Fevers, I aflua- m^ttion of theBoweh. &c.. that attend this period of obB- d>en, 8>-e recommends It aa sure to produce the doiiraC etfest—giviug re^t to the mother ajid relief andFi.oiit oponcl dull \vi:h liU'jlutious barelym;i"lntained,butclfjscdfirmat3n8.'aj;i'js. Wheatjuslicr, nii'l n description of his appearanceiLikenCou^ib I'totheis ie;'Orl ;e forvvTirdctrii'.mu, lind Cut'irt It.Ketl Western lls.ij.ltti2s.4d.Suuut-/oil,' inir, i,rJTBI.IC SI'KAKKHS AM) SINXiKP.S,A. T. C. ...i.i.-. .quiet ajiii iirni ;trn l2s.fKi.r.i;is. ;<ixuet. but closed with more lirmnoss:«>s.;WhiteIZ^-OJ. 6.145. Cor.NYellow :i»is.39s.6d. ;I.IVEEPOOL rKOVISIOS MAEKET.iIthe TiMfs ofOct. IT isa paregrsph givii-.gotiieis, iei>ortLard steal'y at 63. Tallow steady at 57s.'a57s. Gd.lil;oWN'SI "That trouble la my Throit. (for which Slant death of three persons, the mutilation aad iin^i^r- 'SILTBm steady:; Wijite 4ns.a45s.the infant.Provisions are quiet. IBiirLAND, .\thta & Co.. andBeefduU. Pork quiei. Baconquiet.er i ic;iiii. net result of the swindler's iion> !i r a w j<;k is supposed to Ije $1,000.The Case ok Poisovino at lar New-Yokkand Urinclviiillrritatlon,aysBooB'jt by J. C. ALIiSN'. So. tl3 SrovlirAy.AtVKEPOOL PliODl CE MAEKET.ScuAR buoyant. Ri^e firm. Coffee quiet. .A'hes quiet, for both Pots and Pearls, at 2HS. 9d.'a29s. REii-BEr.;«.nsT'. ^s^teiidy. Sugarbuoyantatanadvance of Gd.'wl^- CoKi'SE quiet. Tea hrm. Ric£ firm.N. P. WILLIS. Keiiiei'., tlie three men who were appreliended on BF.OVK'S' "I recommend their use to I'ublic Spiak-Common. Os. 5;l.®j.-. 6d. Sfip-iro Tia- FKflllfti: iiiui at 31*^. Od.'aSCH.LONDON MARKETS.nighta negro woman named Eliza, who escaped from Ne- braska City, N. T., a short time since. The woman;"Have proved extremely serviccatjle for llospital, by mixing crolon oil liniment with his food, BRCWN'i: HoABSEHESil.'were yesterday taken before Justice Welsb, at the " REV. HF.NRV TPTARn BEECHBR, Tombs, for examination. Depositions were made by TROCIIEP' Almost instant relief in the ciistressingLixsezd Oil, 30s.The money market is generally unchanged. Consolsclose at 112 'i@93 for money and account. AJIEEICAN STOCKS.Habbis,Surgeona exploded,demolishing portionof the wall, and serious-Tallow firmer at 6fls.F. B. BAI.DWLN-3.Nos. 7Hand T2 Bswerr.City.An average attendance of the trade. Wbsat in1demand forS.A.,J. M. H, LovEl.L ol SavaanHh, Oa., lion. Mr.Slay now be had for Fifty Dollars.LAOD, WBBS'raR fc CO.. Ko.M(> Broadway.The Hrrald*s Paris correspondent says the Govern- dered to report under arrest at Carlisle Barracks.ment has contracted with private siUpbuilders for the immediate construction of ISO iron-cased steam gun- boatk, to mount a single rifle in the bows and have a smijl draft of water.The of the inclemencyCaptains in the French mercantile marine Iiave been infonncd, by circulars from the Minister of Marine, tliatin ttie event of war they will be taken into the senareassecondUeu'.enants. Asthepropositionhas given dissatisfaction, it is said tliat it will lie proposed to.Dispatch to the-Asaociated Press.Saturday morning they called upon the Mayor, wlio gave them some informa- tion in legard to our municipal affairs and the subjectTU£ GOLD BRICK. aud tbe pabliabers of•tliero a pension.Itis reported that Mr. Wairvfosih has contracted tofarce, unworthy of such cities as New-York and eachVffe^veDblavastee w ith a variety of useful information in respect towere me first and fourth, each of which, itwasInvited to attend hisfrom his latefuneral, residence.suptily iH eacii.possessions.the ofhfeti published for years, News are Agentitheir orders lorTHE GOLD BRICK, and the milliou ate waiting impatiently (jrthe French with any number of Ms rifles atopened ^lixed S^s.Ud.wrived.United hlatts icciuits, from New-York for Cavaiio. On the Rio Giaiide busiiics;, was stider, and Uie second crop was in.'The Indians were ravaging Z^lortiiern Mexico.;i!jIihiu lying at Lord GAiiuisr.. in the Basquefads waa rendaaed. «n•rAwMMri.-TietheVlaaacial uad Cemmerclal News. LONDON MONKT MABKET.their sufferings, and said he would appeal lo Congress The Tiiiiea^ City Article, dated Thursday even- In their behalf. As an earnest of his sympathy, theitThe sixth was a fair shot, but all the others in thisChina titcg/ams received yesterday, ni Trieste,teach the lucrative " art ofchangingcommonphoto-.^ttleineTit of silk anioun;ed tn 8,000 bales.Tite pubiie sales of tea yesterday went off in niostcases at previous rates-LIVEKPOOL COTTOS MARKETSales of tl'.r three dtiys, inrhidinj; Wedjiesday, were r.'i.MK) bi.lck, including 36,(W0 bile > lo speculators and exporters. There has been an advance of ^tL-a-^d.street, whence the Guard proceeded to tlieir Armory,1 bus l.as passed away one ot the nob'.est aud Keotlest spiiits that ever dwelt on earth. Amid nil the varied relation., ot life, iinil Le sustained them all. he was athethe performance of sli dutiesLosDos, Friday, Nov. 2.THE GOLD BRICK, ing soSrapidly now tliat great difficulty was experi- afSernooD, at IM o'eltfck, from the residence of her pa- which will be ready in theTlie Bank made no altera- Court, to-day,President headed a subscription- list with a check for $100.The returned home gentiemeurange,by in this round were wild. In the fourth and lasting, saystion in the rate cf discount, but furtlier withdrawals ofgold continue. It is t>elieved tiiat an upward move,meot must l>e expected La the course of a week or a short time ago, from the conductato Cnrapico, is on fortiii^'ht. The news from China, to-day, is favorable the way to New-York for the purcha.se of arms and to (|ie general pi«>qi|yts ot the market, so tliat any ammimition through the same party, who, for the lastandthe 6 P. M. train on Saturday.tiOD.ACEBEUAN. City, Monday morning, Nov.rise tkat mar he adopted Is not Ukely to be foUowwd two years, lias beenIllinoisCentralShare'.21discount; New-York AneffortwillbemadeinthemorningtotakeherloCoughs,&c." J)K.G,V.BIGI'.I.OW, InjuringJohnDutcher,ofRent,Connecticut,DamageCentral RaUroad Sliares, HIH ; Erie Shares, 39.LATEST VU'LONDONDERRY. Lives POOL, Friday, Nov. 2.CottOB-The Brokert' Circular is not yet published, tmt the following figures are otficial. Sales of the w>eel[lll,iJ0O bales, inciudincr 40,000 to speculators, and 10,0(X> to exporters. The lower qualities haveMfor examination before Commissioner Cdkksae. The streets in the vicinity of the Armory are crowded with negroes and some white persons, in a high state of excitement, who declare their intentionBoston. to property, $6,000,Lowell, Mass., Oct. 24.—The boiler for heating SufTolkimproved !sid., and in some cases *id. 1ft ft. ;served Jenkins put somethingfair and middling (|ualities have advanced }id.wiid. Tlie up- per cranes have advanced lea.-^t- Stock in port 66n,-soupTP.ocnxs cloth, amJ having been rebuked for carelessness he BRO^N'tSthe moat andc<in!;utnh9at chemicacltTseceiteiovcee hfis potent preparation of th*-bales, of which 512,000 are American. The ofli- ciai quotations are not procurable.Tlie advices from Manctit sur are favorable.The Breadstuffs market opens quiet but ste;idy.>ellow39E. 6d.'a39s. Ud. —•*Irritati'jn ot the SPEAEBBSand .'^IMJERS."proprietor guaruntees, under the penalfarIso commou withefficacy.CoiaifirmPaoviBio:*9 Steady.i,oaiioK, Friday—Consuls 92T; ct93.read the docket of c;Lses,the couu>el for Mr. itiai.n will move for a continu- ance on the grcjund of a ticslre to show up the chnrac- tcr of certain v.itnesses whose dejiositions against the;.LIVERPOOL CUKN MAEKKT. Llvs&poo"!.—Friday.o.Mr.IJcechhavebeentakeninSt.Louis. aprecariouscondition,hissymptomspresentingnopermauectadvantanetome."REV. E. RuWLE V. A. M.,FKEOOALKD AND D*?4tNo.U9Browiwai. CansJ^demand at Tuesday's extremelates. Flour steady at previous prices. Issiah Coin demonstrate the existence of the greatest and most—People's Christian As.sociation of the Eleventh Pres-byterian Church, was well attended, last evening,Pre..ideiit o' Athens Cr.M-ge, Tenn. SoldbyallIlraggiatoatTWE.N'fY-fIVK werekilledand or scalded.corner ofwanted in all parls of the Omle* 3Msa.ssivD roa a oxaoeLAB.goodcaD.sumptivealTODg and ImOTOved Sc.96d. ferijif under Ms.quarteri«e;!. IndUm CoBKOats 6d. dearer. OBlTlJ.tRT.'*last evening, was The Stump and One of itsODistilleries, Kentncky. OLOSDOS COBK MAEKET.conceive of.Mrs. Bup.tn's party declare that in unveiling theacts of her husband they are only exposing the liiddeaBadlcnl Onre orHemln,—Dr. S. N. MARSH, of the well-known house of ICARSH k CO., No. 2 Vesey-sU, New-York, devotes special atceatloa to tbe BurgicalAddress B»a No. ». 2.893Poid.offi^NeW-To»fcitopply of foreign grain moderate. Weather dry and cold. Fnglisb and Foreign Whxai soW prettydespite the somen hat unpromising appearance of theweather. Mr. Hilbl'en has an extended reputation adaptation of his Radical Care Truss to all cases of rup- had his skull fatally fractured. Two others were badly O BSTABXiISHED 1839Wupto4tls.composed principallyThe Earl of Dnndonald.The de:.tli ofMURRAY,FLU.SHINO, L. Lthersteofinauranco.A 8t.»m-ongine rauea the rata"disrj*^ the ills that fiesk is heir to." Sack an invigoratorLord Dcndosald iaamounts to an abso-'ifi;Floating cargoes were off deformityof a monster.out to hear ture, however complicated. A visit to their establish, Bcslded—another badly- injured. A boy named Itice is OS. T. SUIT'SO Owell atat full rates, and if sellers would only yield a little, Feeling runs higli.as a lecturer, and crowiis invariably goannounced news. Few men haveexpected, the conclusions which Mr. Millecen drewfrom two per cont. to a figure tha'The a»ving on insurance will go far in the.v may find in HOSTETTER'SBITTKKS—» niedicm*he displayed tiiatthe .\nu-lo,,r. Brainard and Gem, arerepreseuta«», ttiiarr darine,largewith Drs. Francis and Andersondestroyed (ineen or the o.iemy's ships.The Rerent Fire at Bntraio. BDrriLOt Monday, Nov. 12.-Immtmue MiMkorwi.vTrR cioT«n(fff, ko-«..v» 1-OTTERIJW.Mr. GoLDRis, had sutniiiited to tlic and \\as to ha\c his trial on the 7tli.iifi:ni(.ns and fled,doors were locked, and hi:NOISELESSelejraat aiui ei":>en'>iTe, at reaaooablebyfull eatent ofwent on board one coutauiina of the >hipsIs fourGOODSfor meniX^^.tTHiyT^l^Sr^1,500 Imrreis explosionand theha«*Bfannual eOoen of the St. Nicholasfor the clec.and boys at a OitBATBKi>L'CTIO.Sdratring, of t.eotgtmpowder. performedo«E service cunnded to hiin mo For thisoithe St. Michotas Hoti Iwasla-st evening. There was aLV to FltlCES, preparEtoT7Special Dispatch to the Vsw-Tork Times. WAsaiNOTON, Monday, Nov. 12.from of a Select Committee Fhiladelphia, consistingPnrker ^rtvlnit itiarhlncs. $40published. ThethreecolumnssentoutagainstthuFriday, purpose investi- gating Ihe subject of cleaning streets by street-clean-warm\ civet fur Boots and Over-Shoes.M. L. UILL, No, 571 Broadwiy.well. Freightslow. Exchange66^3 ComanchesandotherhostileIndianshadbeenforcedsiorm on Friday hour,pui-jiose of target firing with sea coast artiliety. The excursion was made on tlie ferry boat Peconir, whichNew-York—Lieut. Oolb, now in cliarge, 'oeing or-had no idea that tiie machines had or powerTowMBivD andfour months' leave of absence.UAu, C. P. Smith, Esq., President I'nion Ferry Co.,BuBslan and Hudson Bny Sable~ Fnrs atextra of THEgrantedLieut. SwEiTzKE, FirstGOLD BRICK THE GOLD BRICKtakescharge of the rendezvous for tlio mounted service inDragoons,temporaryits of the machines were freely discussed, several of SIBM, N. Y. S. M., Col. SwEENT and Scargt. Johns, U. The liaddthe db%TfebsterMajor MvsK, Signal Officer, is a member of Coi. KAcaiLiBoi's Staff, Department of New-Mexico.weather prevented their stay to witness an extended trial. As it was, tiiey got a tliorough soaking from the rain, which fell in torrentsWAHHiHbTON, Monday, Nov. 12,The Presidentthat the iaiKl sales in Kansas-could not behut that such was the construcUoo of the law, Umt actual settlers would be allowed to refiie their emption claims, and should not be disturbed in theirunder consideration. At the Mayor'sCity.Nov. Ckllieb, aged n years, 7 months and 19 days.THE NEW-YOEK WEEKLTThe weather in the oiountain:4is reported cold, with considerable snow.and ni:ie 'seives a rimui.ittee lo lay their grievances before the l^olice. Serpeant Dickson, to whom tlit appeal for redress was made, assureil the complainants that jneasiTfs >houltl be ad-qite.l to bring their bt'traverioThis coach bringsnomail or express.bat,;Springfield,"to•>yAKREN, Hoston.to apdak, nuf-No plant en earth,Spokesle:.tnerIh'ISouth 10th, with 900last Ihe Frofessor took ii.to J..\R.MANn.ofNo.filiDulUje-street,whopaid$2001 gold f. n a ..-Inire iu the biisUiess. Of couise he make> an-I'cw arei.wareiniportimceof cliect.irtf: ;CoiiKhhtiv ofathut w.iich in theI'innins ^^'ould yii-ld to a mild remedy, if neirlected. *'Fiijjitive Slave i^xcitemcnt in Chicago. CHirAi.o, Monday, Nov. 12.lIosrnAL.JuiixJenkins,CiiARLEs Brown andJonsTiiOCHF.Siofteuamere whisperer"ingConsiderable excitement was caused h^re to-^Saturday night, charged with liaving attempted towas claimed bydestruction of life and limo.DIARY OF STEAM BOILER EXPI.03I0N.S. New-Obleakb, Oct. 23.—The boiler of Chemical WorksFAT.I. AND W^INTEK.For the b /tit r ut, beat made, tjegt fittiojr. fashioaaMe. Iftbty. 8nd tlie largeat afsoitaient of Fall and Winter clotldnit. furnishing goods and ohildrea's clothiogj aa4thanat priLCS le&!> a: any other establishment, go (•SiEi'UEifT.The Marshal, In taking the woman to jail, wasstopped in the street by an excited crowd of negroes, and was compelled to give the woman to the clt>' po- lice, who lodged lier in the Armor>' for safe keeping.the w oman taken from tlie prevent being away city.The Bnrrh Divorce Cane. Napibrvillb, 111., Monday, Nov. 12.;itmakes no differenceREV.n. W.Although Uie Biirch dhorce case was set for tlie first day ot 11. e term, which commences to-day. noth-KKV. 3. J. P. ANDKRSON, .S7. litnus.BrrECTCAL in removing Ilcargeoess and Cards. Tlie boiler of a gun-boat, which has lieen run- Theinguponbeen mixed with a large quaiitity of crotou oil iiai- nieiil. The accused were committed to prison pend- ing furtlier developments. Capt. Gillt still remains inchastityThe friends of Mr. BcBcu say they will be able toINDISPENSABLE paics ONir raa DOitiss.fleet,infonned Thaddecs IXtati postponed,in the fact th»tTHE GOLD BRICKtodayThe President said some of the settlerscalled Coi. Ijelavah. the upon City Inspector DuringCoLl.iEB —In this on City,rejoicetbeyprirUege ofpUou^,. ^acted very badly, but they were, human nevertheless,declared his of opinionIts and moc^ngsdaughtergave credence to Mr. IlrATt's representations as toTwenly-eiglitli-stieet. and thoroughly inspected Uie machines, two of '.vltich v^er* operated before them at their desire on Twenty-oighth-street, between Seventh andstartiriground were »ery wild. In the third round, the sixthds>s.The relatives and friends of the family are respect-A portion of the money seized by Gen. Deoollado,—THE Decxivkb.—Considerable interest was excited distance bf from 50 to 100 feet from the mark. The The relatives aod trienaia of the fatuily arc respectfullysimilar Aippiies to the From Pike's Peak.sending41st ofyear her ajre,Nov.12. The Denver Mail coach, with seven passengerssengers, passed here Saturday evening.for tht- small sum of $5 paid in advance for each pupil.Last w etk the Professor formed a class, numberingover a hundred members, who had been attracted by Ironsnowto be from seven to twelve inches deep.Monday,year.COETIS.—In Hoboken. N. J., on Friday, Nciv.9, WiL-1 IIIjI!'oily authorities,hishalls 'Jeserted. I'he fyirones were Justly indignant,wtlcoiue fell uiKui his car, so invariably liad gladdened eves met his coming, that probably but few, at the close of tleir catcer, could be said to have enjoyed so laige a measure of happiness. That large loving heart is stiiledIprfcea. Decorations, Pier. Mantel Gtaise*, 4o,Kitncklxs, of Nebraska.labor of breatldng peculiar to .\stuma." Kt.,y.A. C. ElHiI.ESTOS.or"CoLtain ni Opium DR.aAn.\tA.hiHnAgYiEnSiu.ri-Q.during the w hole time. OnThursday,ti)e Vm-JjatH kimte, ^rndbau^ l^gocmber 13, i860vice!^ to Brazil, and was appointed by the Bmperor tothe command of the Braailtan fleet, and created Mar-qiUs of Maienham. In IBS7 and lft(8 he served inGreece. In 1830 he was reinstated in tiix rank in theBritish Nai-y, and in 1847 the Order of the Bath was sided. Several speeches were made, and a handsome rrstored to him. He became Vice-Admirai of tliegoads..we are-distinctlnn. As a scientiAte nan his reptttaUbn stood butthatSpainwasresolvedto Mgh,andtheipsrsoajiedctilebewliilrhlaa-lnventedforblow-who went out withDr.Hatf-s' a~m~ifatkenthroughtotheprincipalWestern,North-a stilct neutialitr in tlje atfaifs of Italy. Mvsbai O'Ooxaiu. announced in the Senate tltating up fleets, to ovt^wftelmingly de"structive.jvestneRosas would proceed to Rome on a mission.LATEST VU LONDONDERRY.The T"; »s» was sttH without comment on French intervention at Gaeta, and the Paris journals have notyet adverted to the sobject.Tt* Ktom considers that unless some unforeseenevent.char ges tlia ibrtunes of war, a few days must suifice to drive tte Bourbon sovereign irom Gaeta.AItapiesletterofthe27thsaysthatGavazziwasto preachhisfirst sermonintheprinci]ial churchu(the Jesuits.tions on Naval AlTairs,'* attracted considerable atten- tion at the time of its pubiieatlon. Lord Dcxoukaldwas engaged, at the time of his death, inpersonal memoirs. Two volumes have already ap- peared, and it is to be hoped that the others arc siim-tillJuAenext. Ailwellandthey expected hopeful.loremain wetieqiablp etlts have been provided for the trains, and great improvements have been made upon the line. 'The expresses leave New-York at 7 A. M. and 5 P. M.,r.S.-CallMinti^ethenew of Biiii- nis»« andtyleii Ov^nr-oati.Cluthiiif;, liHvellns fiportioft Suit.4, Drusii Suits, Ac, Ac.RntcfarlarN Ifair-dye produces a perOctlyeieutlyinjury the hair New- York Hospital on Sunday evi ning in a bad con- iovi{torated lor life by using this dye. Kact-.i-y. Nii. 81 II KL-advanced fur publication.N'EWS FROM WASHINGTON.ored woman, named Akv Sioab, was adudttcd to thenatur.nl blutk or brown no staining tbeskiii or ;Di<l>atcbes frem New-Mexlca—The Oji^rm*.which she had taken with the idea of ending her life. Deceased had been in depressed spirits for some time.Who will Snflier ?—When fr. TOBIAS' Cslclirateil Venetian Liniment will imineitiately cure Chnleia, Colic.the Indiana—Her recovery is doubtful. —Euibraclog all Mr. WBrrriiE's later1 vol. muslin. 75Poeau.tlons tern—TheSalTcringinKansastdbc.Againstmilitary Alat-/Sale of Painti.ngb. Tlie entire of galleryN'omiliDE.Sold by all t^c druggists and storekeeperscents.writingIdsCondition of the Cnnadinn Banks. Toeokto, Tuesday, Nov. 12.M.ArTKMPTBD Sklf-Dkstructiox.—A young col-was done.The Court simply i>rgani7,ed IN (''rand Jii-y, and was appiirent. and threw the contents into the slop-I'o-morrow it is understoodpartookheaitilv ofTROCHES TheSttTMPANDOneofit.sSprouts.The BROWN'S no good of- atrocious conspiracy against hiiti that it is possible to lecture of Rev. Wm. H. Milddbn, before the Young TROCHESMonday's prices.tlic coari. w ould soon be clear. Floce sold fully as The regular panel for a Jury is already here, and is the blind man eloquent. The subject of his lecture, prepared to treat all cases reaoirlng mechanical surge-SALTand railruad track O WHISKT DISTILLEttnS. Oand Spanish gun-boats,gallantry for which ho became remarkable in after but not much injured yet the steam-tug Paige, from and at the close, on the suggestion of Mr. Wm. E. 216 Broadway, opposite SL Paul's Church.war .Spf«*!>, and dnring the ten months that he held Wellington -S.iuan ,this appointment he took 14 of the enemy's vessels. getliiif her ofl. Onthe 8th of August, 1801,, Lord Cochbaks receivedAustin 'AbbottExecu-The S?««rf» herself ultimataJy feU into the hands of a French 74-gun frig- ate, but during the action Lord Cooheasi displayedBev.of is«scommission as Post-Captain.Explaoloa.Aj.nblic L= respectrully called to the tidve'.tiseiBent of i<r>o\ e in another column.desperatestillaground,;A Board of Practical KngineersoT^ciioa'tcitlonCc,Kk., oant th^h-ill uf the Board of Education, comer (^tirand and Flm sLs gut.jett—i^rfucnrion—«ls Diversities of M^'lhoi^nri'i L'nity of Purpose. Cards of admission can be oh i^i-je.l irails uf tbe officers of the Association.Le Ginireux, and was appointed her acting capuin. sUU ashore at Niagara, C..W., in two feet of water, and chose the following officersThence lie was promoted Commander of the sioopsjf- leaking bail ly. The schooner flcriiii is stiU ashore at Farmlev; Vice-President, F. vV. Ballard Secretary,!with no immediate prospect ofAnother BoilerOmaha. N. T., Monday, Nov. 12.The boiler in lUvis' si.-nm saw .mill, situated in;;such courage that the conqueror refused the south part of tiic city, exploded this afternoon, of the Empire and thise twhoerkaiutnhgorofofitsBraGzoivleranmd.enit/i,r BAIX. LaAles. trr it. For sals *r aU draasista. conspicuous Mr FiaTCBBB, whoV/TiaiEBlI.lFHUIA AT AUCTION.-Tbe attentiPonHHof.VZ theto accept his sword, requesttog him to wear what he completely demolishing the i.niWing, killing the en- Brn:.;i<in.., lectures by special Invllation troni manyhad sonoblyinjuring leurt In Agricultural Press, being the largest, himself in a variety of ways. others. Mr. Kibipateicb leaws no family. Mr. by a la rge audience. elegant, cheai^st and most valuable weekly of the kindLUCIUS HART, Nos. 4 andTlie remains of Mr. Garland and two femalesen ar.tk have been taken fi GUIca^enethe purpose The bottle bon-""'" " '^""'"e- tainJng Ikefiuid fcursi in her bandsandencon Hotel, .scarelitintjed, as no one else istl.elossuf life by thi* fire, as far aspersons. meetingAddiiieMl"«^WA«R. KKNTDcrr?*Ain»full nn.<i5.Aid for the Knaaaa SulTerers.of ladles andInaddition tosidered one of the asost eligible corners in the City, c&ato sufferingmeasures forrelieving the people Gov. SpsAOca pre-bitiSB and were played on a new French carom gamesttit^.wHicn has been made by Piiklan & CoLLENnsa,particulars, inquireCor. Broadway and WhIle-s'..InaugurateFroBDr.Arctic KxpediUon, has returned.nightIt CO..fromsum Was srjbscribed.famineKansas.Arctic Expedition. BoSTOx,Monday,Nov.II.in*Jter the model of Mr. BBEesE's tabic.He willClar- for otiiers has been dlscon-her dress wasBto^UM U»tmnm.army*UcktheyImtbattheiroommaad,willmaketheUiusUloussailoKrnwiag»hthmoeondtbcfofi'arhnmentlor VIBOI.MA. veiylargeattendanceofiiuinbcrs,andtheelectionpresentstand,tiringwlialitma/.ThiApredeotsA ExtraClassWo.8L8!ir,^TSor,E,a.r»ea.i<«on Uie Imperial to render any Chinese expedlUons unneceJ-ued opposition of the thut the ruin of his Ministry,OK n of Is, in the first inst;ince.Washimjto.v, Monday, Nov. 12. Alexandria fta-rtr* lias returns 141resulted In the cliolce of the following officers, most GEKATof whom, including the PresttUnt. are the same aslast.^ear: President— llAMiLrox FmiOPPORTU.MTY to provhtc complete outfitsDELAWAKK '. 77. S8, 57. 26, 66. 9, M, «, jj, 7,/^suficieul to make such impression mind u•ary for nuiny years to come^GRE\T~BRITAIN.Tlw Earl of Dundonald died in London Oct. 31TiieClass We. 640, Na- K 62; 2S, 9. 7J. 66. 4, 1, 26, S7,'ISM1>, M.'i* s>aged ^.Admiral Sir CaAaiES Napibr had been seized withauddea aiid severe iliness. and there was considerable aniictr as to his recovery.;Secretary— R.Parliament had been fbrther penroghed from the 6<hNo. ISneekmnn-st.-Foranir, to l«l arlea*« —This clcF&nt 0ix-Ktory brovn-stone house, tniilt in the most substantial manner, and suitable for any tuMiQesA. Basement and sub-cellar andof November to Jin. 3. "ch»«hlui for their and, under c^mommtm of extraor- hebrokeoetof. andre-^elector, of WeslB^n*« »gat?and en- crowdlastevenias,asnemtdcdinhonorof Bhi}gSipchiyasnisc,ians.,kANHAS. ST.reaMsounrnetr,—WJrm.. :DtTHOAKfrom attributed. His siock-jobbUig operaiion.., 14,li8; liEBcBixainoE.fl.OBT.from the LAR0B3TCIX)T1I1N-G AND KDRN'lSHLVG (.Oi)!).-^ in theprospects promolion ui l!il4. did c.iiiities. llBiLguiii,First Vioe- SecondVice-I»re»idenl Tiiird Vii-e.Fu.>ident—J. RomeynSTOCK OK MKN'S A.SIl BlrY'S City,AT KXTKKMKLY LOW ruiCK.S.DtVLLV. HIDSONNos. 26d, 'lil ikuil 269 Broadwa/.SI7.F. Tbe cornerhim more serious injury. Earl) in that yea"- a fal»« TEXAS.report was circulated that Natoikok had fallen, on Nkw-Oeikahs.which the funds suddenly rose, imd Lord Co^.ib.vms Monday,Prcslder.t—Judge Rooseve.tWitnessoarhsada,atWUaaiogtoa.Del..><„, i, GBOaoS C, OOBOOW JOSEPH 88AL,^^';-John Van BurenDrodliead; Fourth Vice-1'resident—LxAVEsTasTH, Monday, Nov. 12. Compicte returns from the territorial election for Dieniber ot the House of Reprcs<'olatives, show alarge Republican ssajority.Hon. Maeclb J. Paeso*t addressed athusla.'.ticdemoMtnUioa f*MT to Ms deparMie (or the VCIted appeared in his place in Parliament. In 1819 bacoLx's election. The struts were illuminated, ftLi.lAKDS AND THR Ladies.—Monsieur Bee-„_ "and several of his friends sold out to a large amouiit. He was tried and found guilty of being im.'Ucated inTrxi.s i'ivcs aClias. R. SwordsttCO.,the fraud, and was sentenced lo a heavy fine, yearand to stand In tlK^imprisonmmeut, of the Bat?h.,'^oTf,;h,U ran?k'i"nalio deprlve<l of the Orderthe navy, anil expelled from the House of conKoOM.The sentenr-e lo the pillory was rcnuUed. TIf*-sNov. 12. large majority for UaHXiNEiiiaB.;.\Hs.sistaVnelmdiyeaBoineyn. The Board of ManaSictcerrest.a(rtyw—elWvoerthininngutmu-n ber) arc the same as last year. wUh the exception of ,Dr. Jacob llarscn in place of Jas. 11. Kipp. deceased. B^v. Drs. Thos. D. Vermilyca »n.l tVm. L. Johnson were elected chaplains, and Urs. Wood aud Beadleconsult-Conimon Council,tiie ChiefDesign, comerl-'lRST-CLASS, Doi'nLE-'fHBBAJI.Rapid srd noiseless, under patents of Howe, (j'rover kNotwithstanding deie^tiontoiii!o:niidioii snbsequt iitl> olilained. it appeared that onpital;;ily injuring two persons.Lbi, Mass,, Oct. 24.—A boUer of Plainer * Smith'sIi.'•atuiiiayp:innershi(in .Mr. 1Ii nn attacks tbe l.iings. IironTt'.t Uro^i^hiol TrorUrs," ott The opera- copininiCL' demnlcer't ingredients, alUy I'ulmoauryG01.D—Ithe Trochrs' are a specific; hu/ing u^demedeath of two others, and severely scalding se-,-e.ra; bystandera.HouseMabt Reynolds, one of the nursesDr.SavielS.at the Hos-and Jofur Rat, her assistant, as well as by Detectives McDoo-BROWN'Sw as assisting at the table, pointed to a plate and In-"TROCHES " BROWN'SI^1iCOL'OU."TROCHES" Beneficial wlicQ BROWN'S feriag from COLn."Mlllexploded, killing Walter W. Briggs, aaabUaQt-eotti- neer, severely injuringIt will be observed that tlw above explosions, reprvrtedsince the advertisement, occurred date of the forego'iugBIKDt<.4L,I.'A ARNICA I.IMI|[BMT. AU. PHYSICIANSknow the wotiderfui pain-subdaing virtues af Amiaa.if that was the plate for that Yankee near theI have proved themexcelletit for Whoop-qiureduoor." Sheanswered"Yeswhich plate you give him." A lew minutes later, whtn the patients were coming in to dinner, she ob-into a bowl of which stood on the table where the Captain was to lake his position, and stir it up with a spoon. In do- ing .«o he spilled sonic of the soup upon the table-caught upProf. 11. STACY JOHNSON.shore exploded, and sighty persona were thrown into the will give immediate relief in Rheumatism, Sore Tfaraa:.the bowl,which an substance oilyAt tea-time,pail. Capt.Sprains. Brnisos, Crampa, saved. The whole family of Count Guerrieri, of Verona, rhilblains. and other external disorders and injurtaa.Gillymilk, which was subsequently ascertauied to havemore favorable appearance than at first.ry with skill and success. Atw, a large assortment ofofThe trial, when it commences, will probably last Sprouts." Mr. Milbcbx dug the stump and its origin Vemsle Supporters, Sboalder BrBces, improved saspen-ten days.,of the Ctlorle Kn- building does not UTe.-tfarmers.The llecent JUake Disasters. Clsvklaxo, Monday, Nov, 12.ilk and Lisle thread elastic stoekings for varicose veioi,i^alt River oooooooooopooo(»oooooooooo6oofrom obscurity, and elevated it to an eminent place amongthe"institutions"ofthecountry'. Theparti-cular sprout to wluch the better half of the lecturewas devoted was the lecturer. As might be popularsai7 Uandaces, and instramenis for physieal dsfcrmlties.INSURANCE. InconsequenceoftheentiresafetyVSN.THOBIE WHO ARE IN THK isi^ JOYMKNTofperfecthealthfretnientlyharertce*have of recourse to tonics as preventivesThe schooner J. H. Drake, owned in Chicago, as to thehad so eventful a career, and hiive been permitted to ran into the pier last night and carried the Ughtliouse sprout, were favoranie in the extreme. The audience nameDtal.apply asabore, or at No. 344 I'esrl-st., New- a twelvemonth towards payhig for » Csloric Engine in and elasticity to the system. -« this season, i)»rti<-u-this morning in our an Europ«For catalogues or everyaway, and sunk across the channel, com- seemed to concur with 1dm In opinion, for they cer- Tork. _^^^^^^ buildings where there Is but a moderate amount of prop- hirly. thestroD^eUman is not proof asainjt tbe m«l»-reach the advanced age of S5Taonss Cocbkasi, tentn K.ul i,(ter known to lame as Lord i.o'-hiian::, went to sea ina7B3, andin 1795 fought his first action with the harbor, raJli-'i>)t> nc' ibooner iHduttry,The Dundnnaid,completelyTia, in certain sections of tbe country. In ail cases ocyenrs.deceased, anil bet-tainly listened to tlie lecture very attentively.—The lecture on -'So- and attentive audience, wa." but anotherFreueb, « liora be defeated ofl' the North An-.irioan lying at the West coast. In 1799, as commanier of a party sent to re- pelier was slightly injiin attractive known temperance view 5.the moment that the resort to the Water Meter ^nvonkeallmenrs which the Hosteller the Bittrrs,blocUw the harbor up. =- -"A Bcnudfol romplexlan» is deitlred by nU '"'y-Social REHPONSiBiLiTiEa.which wag cial Responsibilities by John B. Gocob, listened to This srticle u without a rival as a l>eaatiiler of the akin The Caloric F.nginereiuireBfcTCr and asme.the Bitters is more potent tnan anypletely ThepropeBsr^SiJ'•'in endeavoring to enter the " Oriental Cream."W.VTEK.a cuttiB(her in two. The pro- by largeC. W., Monday, Nov. 12. l*'e*/<m was got off to-day;become"?"»»'.'=»¥J„?r one of va-st Importance to the users of power ha w!ioh:ive tried thcmedicine will never use another forUmc the /*<^ i'elton cotter, then surrounded and ;it- taAed off Cat>ritla Point hjf several French privateersWe. In 1896 ho captured the French 74-gun irigute Oswego, Is here to assist. The schooner Paragon is DoDOK, resolve"d itself into an organization, to t>e known as the Meiropolitan Temperance League."O T!\c scliooner Gfei,stock iM Hate. Caps snd Furs, of the LATE.'sT FA.'^H-durabilityand usefulness of thisparticularvariety,both Fruit and Or-lute priAibition. that cannot !» taken regularly without giving vitalltrof the orator's well- Wehavefrequentlygiven our impressions of Mr. Gucqu's style of audpresentationgarbspeechaction. His audience, as usual, was carried away, diea purohaslng Furs shoaM not (ail to call Urit at No.proportioned to the cotisumption. TESTIMONIAL.:Treasurer, John Falkenertive Committee, R. N. ;McCurdy, Richard C. McCor-mick, and others. Lectcbe ON BiuziL.—for a long time a residentdeliver to-morrow evening-used. During the next five years Lord gineer, named Besj. Kip.k;\t,.icx, ;ind two distinguished citizens, and will doubtless be welcomed Itloortrh'es Bnral Amerlran is naw takingmtohaet Ciij. may now be seen at the old cstabllshnwnt.itCocHBABiAmongthe.Spanishprizesthathecapturedwasone ThomasDavis,theownerofthemill,andaworkman C'AnKLEgS.\M8 WITH CAMPHBiK—AnOTIIBK intheUnitedStates. Seeadvertisementofit.ii_lJurlini;-s.ip,distinguished* ola mliUou in specie. named Lir^-Eit, Tire seriously .scaHed, hut it is h med Vicim. -Coroner Gabbls yesterday held an inquest He dcstrojsd the semaphores along the French coast, both wL'.reco'.'cr. ThomlUis a lota! v.^t'ci, tUb. at No. Wi Sevealh-avenue, upon »h» btfJy of Caiiu-have the ssae atUiadascd.;(oeptaDC», W proaipt'y. *2'l.oo^?j r'??from the LaPlata,withnearlyMinkFnrsReiRiled at Wholesale Prices byPresident. Eleazor ;James^C. Fletcheb aBrlaezcitlu,re onatnhneounced to resourcesDUANE-ST., KKW-YORK;^Untitled DocumentyrtLtatuuem, LSOAUXH*on at^airtteniagesleadtaxtaysTrevionaiy. From thehe» mother it appeaFed dial deceased threw some'''I5*'at^*!^'"tuMoMa ttmmttonSocietyheld atremoval. Wearedetermiued to close out the entire stock in theInrgt partygentlemen. performances,be had in connection the Beekman-.H. storf wiyhii4»n aiove and set fire to It for—WOOD. CDDTIds extr»<>rdinar>- ewn.hegnnicof ll;0 points with Ddjilky Kavanaoh, and bestnext.liiPBKSS Teains to Albany and thk West.—Six fast trains are now running on the New-York,UarMmandAlbanyRailroaddally. Connectionsarewith the New-York Central, and passengersRofera & naymond,Nos. Ill, 153 and I2S Fulton -«., and No, 214 BroadA. k especial nttentioii to their MKii'S WiNTBR CLOTHIXC, forth-seTHREE REASONS,U>ocar^sKDIN ItisVabuidethta,s Febsu in Stv!.x.NO RIVAL IN CHJCAPNKSS'thegood aid reliable articles fn this nne at low prises.'Poston on MondayFnrnUhingafavosHhleopaoTtuoityforand Ihe mail train at 10 A,The official statement of the Caoadian Banksfor Octotjer shows an increase in circuJatoin over thecorresponding period of last year of two million dition, from the effects of a large dose of laudanum Jtarclny-i.t. Sold and privately applied at UATCdollars.GENERAL CITY KiiWS.Vl-^it of Philadklpiiia Autho^ties to Wn- paintings and engravings of the late Chvrles M. Hams, Ac. r.e7>dt. No. S6 Cort:aMt-Bt., Nefr-Yark.HOME KAI.I.ADS AM* POBMH. av JOHH O. WHITTIBE.HES9 Si riht-Clzam.vo bt MACHiHfS.-AdelegationLicpp, Esq., is to be sold this evening, by E. II. Lud-low k Co., Auctioneers, at the National Acailemy of S40MADONNA^The Timet asserts that Austria can scarcely evennow'make up her mind that the game is lost in Italy.No doubt had the nortliem potentates stiovvn hermore active sympathy, and liad her diplomacy been The War Department is in receipt of heavy Commissioners, the ChairmlSl and Committee City finnrd Artillery Target Praetiee nt Baker, Wheeler & t^ilsoa, &c. Agents wante;].ingnight,witnessing the practical working of the machines on of charge, by the ITnlon Ferry Company. Among the logues sent on receipt of stamp. PHOTOGRAPHIC MA- will be ready^in thehad beenBroadway. At their request the machines were opc- invited guests were Brig. Gen. Hall. Maj. J. C. Blen- TERIALS for amateurs and the trade.sweeping machines, the City Inspectorof ot Dr. Henry G. floating down the Bay. and Anna M. N. DuDoel, sged Syears, 2 mouths and 24Eigiilhavenues. The work was donequickly enced in getting it in and all the others rents, No. 51 St. Marks -place, witliout further invica-NKW-YORK WEEKLY,Betrayal ov Pivk-scokk Women.yesterday morning at the Detefctive Police office byret Ackerman,10 months and 23 sgedtf -years, days.Agents, tbey Lverj hodywill be dlfmust be on the lookout—some in higli mand reparatioii and jtntioe. Kaci> ot then bad beeptarget had now floated so far down as to be out of the invitefl to attend his funeral, ou Wednesday morniag, range of the guns, and the firing was stopped. The ]4h inat., At 9 o'clock.for THK fIREATEST STORTbetrayed,they.said—as well as over a hundred otherfi,Dr. McNeil. The officers of the Fort who were pres- ent Biimitte<l thnt the firing was generally much tset- ter than that of the tegular foldTers. On the return to the City a bountiful collation was set out, and after it had been disposed of speeches were made, songsl»AHixL Bcsu, formerly of this City, aged 53 years.ilowABD.—On Monday, Nov. 12. Ehilt Fkibmah. whi< b will be ready in theofEast Broadway, who had lately been advertising loconfidingDovrNiwn,daughter of the late Henry Howard, of Astoria, 1 agi^dNEW-YORKWEEKLY,ON THTKSDAY NKXT. For salf- everywhere.i'RltK OSh^ FOUR CENTS PER COPT. ROSS A TOUSEY.Ohaha,N.T.,stale tliat an early sub.nLssion was expected. The and $8,432 in gold dust, and $9,000 in the hands of pas- graphs and lithographs into oil-paintings on glass," sung, etc., until the boat landed at tbe foot of Wall- LlAji H. CrEns.sgea 56 years,The lato news from Aiuerica caused the risein qi;ot:itio.is. There is a iLtrgc speculative inquiry, the towns.morning they repaired to the "room-" to hear tiie third lecture in the course. But a suiprise was inVand ttlc ma-ket closes with an up%v;ird tendency.The advic-.s from Mancht:ster are favoranle, tiicmarket foi- c^jtion goods bcmjr quiet and firm. LlvEr.j'uiil., Frid:iy. Nov. 1.Corro—Sales to-day about 12,000 bales; marketft.fflth-st.. Slew-York.^__^^___..f his existence IjC has beta slrickendowuvi.-:irs, that iaiiic Cfurse of nature would reraiiin.tHvebeen snatched away : a.''d yet so unruffled bad t)een his tnr?, of every s^yie, from the plain and asbitaaUAl IM.Theat tlie Upper-Piattc crossing Is reportedWork fisrmoth land exnnipleWholeaale SPFCIffKN NI'MBER SEN'T FRKE.An extra coach arrived here at noon^to-day, with his alluring offers, and the introductory lectures, ex- Fronts. ColumoB, Girds.-a. Bsams, Dsor Shatters, Stairs, in that tzrc.it wr;rk of churity, which consists In pro-^tiTABl^lsnt^D SIXTY TBAKS.MFEKS' CABTNET TXJRN13UUK WARBROOIIi^ 3J3 AND ©ft F0t7BTH-ST., N. W. COR. B&OADVAT./seven pa'.senpers, tiirougii from Denver in five days. Denver dates are to the 6th in.st.plarmtcry i;fhis process, were given.j;;n d.'i >s cf or-e's «»—evei trie'! h>' that hard 3t:i::ii3rd^unagain fired a good shot, but the target was mov-fully Invited to attend the funeral, on tnla < PueLndsy)generouslyfurnished for theoccasion, freeSEWING lIAOHiNKS. THS BKST IN nSii: FOR F.tJfILT SF.'yiNfJ.No. 49S Broadway, New-Tork. No. l<a Falton-st.. Brooklyn.IlrAwn's BronchlBl TrochesCorf Cou^fi, Cold. Hoarseness. Infivmti, and trri- tutmil or sorfhr.t.n fif tflr Thoflf.' Ilrli-rr thr II'I i"Coiisiifnf'tiim. lironrlalis. Axtk- Char <tiid strt .vVi .:'//*r.f theor * coeuioncold"' in iu fir:t stajreNow, there Is nothing which a *' amall portable stsam- engine " can do which may not be done by Ericsson's by the arrest, by tlie l.'nited States Marshal, of poison Capt. Isaac Gillt, a patient at the New-York TROCHTSj""' REV. E. H.CITAPIN. Calorie Engine. xxcEPt exploding with thii shockingTROClIES'ous."Ci'trmisf, Boston.OALL and Bennett. The testimony of these witnesses BKO^N'SJ " A simple and pleasant cumbination for BBW Paper Mill exploded, seriously and probably fatallyTheUigestBtor; la thejcorroboratesthestatementofthecase,whichhasal-ready been published in the Times. Mrs. Retn'oi.db TROCHES]avers that on Saturday, at dinner time. Jenkins, who BROWN'S Beueflcial in BaoscHlTts."TROCHESItROWN'.STROCHESBltOWX'S From their past effect. I think they will be ofment will satisfy patientsor theirphysicians that he isaupposed to be buried under the ruins. Tiei can*; of the explosion is unknown. The canalare covered w ith ruins.gine, the erection of one in anyRIYBR, BOITBBONTrees and Plants For sale byItlNlf IttoWe are never too wejl armored against tlie astaults ofThroat,ning from Salo to Slmon6. on tbe oppoaita of retitrnlRg tbe purcbfue money of tbe artids. that ft regularlyCENTS A BO.X..£tr.XiteauLadies, lae PHAI.ON'Sand coiQpIexien. Sold by all druggists and fancy-soodstheSnow-whiteno water. This fact wU amount of quinine, while the most f"bilioni fever vieid to iw wonderful properties. Those;otherto sweep such mud and slu.sh as they were then doing. tlemen. The Guard numbered atmut fifty-six muskets, Children's Fnrs Retailed at Wholesale Mrs. ::?lepbeaB assures ua thatmanyand were accoiniianied by Dodwortli's fuU military band. On arriving at Fort Hamilton it was found thatthe greater poriion of the target, which lay at a distance of over a mile from the shore, had tieen cut away dur-ing thehioniing by a schooner,, leaving merely a lowblack line on tte w ater which was illy for the adaptedpurposes intended. It was resolved, however, to suggestion they use this, and sfven of the heavy barbette gunscapacitydistinguished military gen-creatinj:.\ THi: GOLD DRICKwill be the best serial she has erer writtea.MRS. ANN S. STEPHENSbai bad it in contemplation for some years to write-of the fort, iliirty-two pounders, were at once manned conference with that gentleman, tlie present or old and for action.Monday,plan of cleaning streets, Ac, was as a nrepaied Four rounds of seven guns regarded costly fired. In the first lonnd, the best shotsfired12, nAsici, S. The relatives aaa friends of the family are resl>e«tfallybefore their readers. A3furnished the Commit-sanitary regiilations New-York. In reference cellent jine shots. In the second round, the first two IS" Orsngc County papers please copy.to thepre- Philadelphia. Col.or feet of tke mark. No. Ibl West 13th St., on Wednesday, Itth inat.. at 1 sixtyTHE GOLD BRICKwill create a Kreater excitement than aaj atory that feMstruck withinThe iMicond shot wns also a fair one, and all were ex- o'clock.jiidgetl,fiftyroHiu Oie best shots were the third, fourth, and sev- Escape of enth, which struck, as near as could be judged, at aVsnlts, &c. £very doscriptioD of fine Ir'ja W.iiIl for .So far every- biiildinR purposes, manufactured at JAMIi;^ L. ,TAC^-nioiiLgtLe weltaiei.nd happiness of others, u::ao>t ,-e-thing was satisfactory to the class, and yesterJay 80N k BROTHER'S Iron Works, aeih-st., M-sr.: and —wiintinj:,but had \.ur. u'livers.*!Miners are generally going into Winter quarters inW. P. McCluee, charged with an attempt to kill a store for them. The Professor haddishonnre 1 lii- ob- Hrover <9t Baker's CelebmcedBnUdlnga.—;Iron Score andSankinof life, even unto the least, he u-iis never excelled, aadAgeoCa,played acapitalists or Company, if desired, to whomMEN'S K*HNISBIIfGCMM>mLvisit;JAMBS Oinolara, twotsMas ashsass fcrby aoy it will Ik made an ohjeid. Also for sale, the lot and NO,R. Nov.PEorissircB, I., .Monday, 12. him 9$ points. He also playe<l :i game of 00 points 11 REA1)E-ST., 26 feet front by half the block to Cliam- In order to rednce our Winter 1the hairOli'S Wig Factory, No. 16 Bond:-8t.to;the ill effects of bad removed dye,MESSRS TICKNOR PUBLISH 1T.BIS PAYJ^ysente:y,hhetuoatism, SweUinjrs, Cuts,LcHSEL.—in this diphtheria. Ei.lfn Beecv,on Kor. Satuiday.poarioc teof the two Wlod —in Huutiogtoo, L, i.,on the evening ofS.it- guns which struck the target werethe appearance ot nine damsels fairglee and more in great anger—who had come to de- Messis. C. HunBASD and L. Bcexb. The guuoer of lurday.Nov. 10, Eliea S.. wife of Wm. W. Wood, andEver writu-n, by MP.3. ANN S. STEPHENS. rRTlTLXDTHE GOLD BRICK.BuiiricrsVERNON & CO., .\o,4l»BroiidiT«y.The SloreosropIc V.taifOTinm—IVaoLBaAr.F, and Rrlail,—V.. AN'rHONY, No. 501 Broadway. Cata-to Miss I^Arx McLAuaHLi!t,sll of this CNED.r.!ie was tjct foundfavor arid esteem \vlir.ve\er known, lathe very frim-building;4 FIELDS :t'le m**Lystream of life, so conatanily hart the plea...aul voiue of fe»in deathpot.il within, ate forever eclipsedalt&r of his home, in the circle of his relatives ,ind trn-nd-. and wherever known, his memory will be cher- ished, with tiist veneration, love and csteetu, whiL-h are tlie suie rewaid of a lilamele-s and uaselli>h life.Tse—EniCSSON'S CALORIC B>Grs«.DR. J. F.W.LANE,Bi.it'>a. and C, C, Stearns, engineer.compelledcooling properties.in first-class establishments, and establishment.in one iostanus a newmineral under the earth oaa coa*--Incount of tbe e.vylosien at Coiliasville, Ind., of a stual: portable ateam engine, recently put up. causir-y the ia-Bitters,this City t" thoJ. -ho have not madethe ettpert- —which will shortly becoais imperatively neoessary- ioLbdne an to WTiite.theHatter,hasnosronbanda.Inrne enahlea theCrotonBoardto levyataxonconsumers ment wecowrdhiesnlelverectolimemyeanrdestriecakrelnybayppldicsaetaisoensoCdealers iululled States. Price, SOcents per bottle.proves*'"j^ld'bv "r^aisu'sad deslers generally everywhere.liBCTURRlON. WHITE'S {IRESS HA'tS ARE SCl'EBB. IM-GlaaaOLASS SHADES, ^flowers, &c., ac, constantly on hand and maile to order. Depdt No. 33 Platt-st.« WKD(N)E!<'.^£fI^>AWY EVEEAMimNtG.., T!liShadesGlass Shades!'all il,e«, for coveriug clocks,nriallei at Mliolesale Prices at G> N1N'.S, No. 513 Broadway.t.i.e..g HENRY W. DUNSotI, Pitaideat. T;'.^«. K. HAsaiaoy, Chairman of Ex, Com.Vnni^NO. 164.EXPRESS CO. OITR FROW.n'acces.bills. Ac, inall parU of the East, Wast, fjoalh.JAPONICAS* FROMa^v^rr's ^^„ ^ADICK A?oif» Mr^^ifBu PITCH «li!c(a!u«'i.fiil trti- and Southwest^. .xx,„ cJ!iSBfES' tcdtirel'ij»fsJc«,^'JpPmiI?ml;&'5v!'?i«5A5i*^SSdrrmmsoV,orin* THienThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comofCharitable Association have jttBt awarded a gold medalto an Ericaaon Caloric Engine exhibited at their reo»Jut Fair in Fancuil Hall, Boston.FOB SALE IN NUMBERS OR BT THE SLNGt.K BN-GINE, ATA new supply these most useful an.I..Je.i. more richly flnisbc-d than anv yet oHered m lUisgUaige, liftSiM^' KXTBlSiMSENDFORAPAMPHLET.aon to the ooUecUon of ^afts, notes, ar«ept- tiBM~TCOKURNCTSH,ANbiTlb8.~HATn<a *AC- lect, csn;tbs Muuehn.KttaRpv DK. BEIil'OWS^fo'rp tbe .V»w-York Cityil«Tihenacimhnses.rt.s.'aAtssc.KActo,FTIIdledssai to WngI'rom thr London iVfles, of O-l, 20, 1860.A dreadful accident occurred la^t week on the Lakeof pwlntnbtextracts from other healing,erheerrbpsrodoQfceadl.mcoasmtbieDqentsfA.I.uGrottt^r, ila. l.uke. Oidy tbe Captain and some of the crew were Burns. Rcalds. Cuts. SpasmK. Sore BreasU. Faint in IkeTeacher of Uusic. SouthernFemaleGreat benefit when ta'ien hef'»''e :iud af-College.ter preaching, as they prevent lloar'eness.and the of Trice as cenk). No. 34 Beekmau-st. family"wereCount Avrighi,of Salo, suffered the ssme fate. The num.bcr of victims is almut seventy. Oct.31.—TheboileronthesteamerB.R.W.m:l.boundfrom Memphis to New-Orleana, exploded —thirty personsforty fiftyNew-Eavex, Nov. 2.—The boiler of the factory of Dank Brothers, makers of the wood-work of carriages, ex- ploded, tearing away a portion of the building, and bad- ly injuring several persons. One boy named John K.ine__ VKBNCH'S ~GEI<EBRATBni CONICAI.WASBiya MACHINB.comprising et>Af prrAcn.?,lost;iflpaiewith it iuand BIKDSALLS LIXIHEKTtree efohar«« byWUaalcateo. tM.. or at L—is.LEGENDS OF THEAS Riiii'RESENTEI) IN THK FINK ARTS.BY una. Jahiesos.Corrected and enlarged edition, with fine steel portrait of Mrs. Jamesbn.blueandgold. Tftcents. No. 135 WA3HINCT0N.ST..Kfi. ANNA 8. 6T£PH£!V9. THE GOLD BRICK,1 vol. inSuperior ParTor, Library, Dicing and Bedrooa Fwyi*-InteriorLimbs, Side. Chest and Backttno healingtSiOoooooobooooooooooooooooooo OO E£X10CKT,O AddrMS S. T. SOTT, OMSWOOD. EDBT *oo. «hare theappointed.Wri.1.(3DV.  