 NEW YORK HERALD.*adofnewprimeatfit(0 Suga-i weresteady,wlih of ebont MO hhla Cube,, 160do M M t . n O i , at prices r»«« t> another oc.aran. Ooffe* m salesof MObanoRiowere made,atUK* kIs* a.,Country.The new organization which has sprung opIn this city, composed of all the fragment* of parties which t h e exigencies o f t b e tim»*s have utterly broken u p a n d demolished, is a great Union, constitutional, conservative party, whoseollorigiii »nd r ^ S W * * *to the grogshop politicians, office holders andjoflieeseekersofTammany,who seeno fartherihan tbe spoils. It is equally incomprehensiblejto the men of the rotten and corrupt R*g«ucy,though they are forced to chime in with i tThe Regency is compelled to jump intothetrain, though much against Its will, and travelon the grand Union railroad, being all the timein the dark as to the reason why it should beanxiety for the next effort^f this bibulous phi- losopher a* one which will Completely distance all his ri/als in this charming field.ihe Float, srasda of th« sabbstarlaai, Yesterday w e published the last rkeuay law ,poi*ed in April of tills year, which has so ex- cited the German population a s d o'-h-r ci*iz*>«is as to induce tnem, in several districts, to iariat \ pen a pledeje fnr tw repeal from can tieates for the Legula«ure. Thie bill is worthy of the purifsntca! JrBuit* wbodr**upapreAi<m* bill, whicb, uedt-r a false name, th>-y a f - rp'. •«. to impose upon the S:ar*, aad actually s u o ^ e din cheating tbe whole L*-frtsU*uTe who paired itInto thebelief that it was fort.totallyd:*-rai1»QKPO***""•ad 2,0CO do. Laguayra, e* T B. Watson, oa privatelflir»n»fW/ar. ronwuwupontheworkofnationalindependenceasbutrsrrc* AJTD rwornrxro*tertat. Freights t o Liverpool were easier , but Arm UTM.M Wrn^m ^ ^ ^ . ^fc_,1*, Ul»»*a««o/be will be elected.BBTAXT8 MISSSRET*, MiHoi , * DAJHOM, AW.H«U, «~»Broadway.— as AT r<uw»'s.bluster over thesuspension OftheArtisans' Bank, and are both trying to say a great dealBTBUVff OAUOOW, Broedway.-aoftiBT A UAMI-BBU.'Bwhatever about Sunday in it "The t'tje ' »«yt Governor Morgan, "whollj fails t o coav^y a n / idea of tbe contents or actual purposes if th<" bill, and I Lav* reason to believe thai it^w-*? in consequence of this that it WJS allowed to r a « without discussion, so that it-* true coaracterKmmii i* *rajan* TiaaiaiA Menurr.SODM, Botxxm)*a DAJICJWAC.-was inclining a favorable ear to its arguments.Now it is evident that, unless efforts ho at i Nonce made t o patch jp> the difficultiesthe Sardinian government and Garibaldi, the Jatter will be won over to theviews of thered republicans. The result will then be that,in- eteadof the Two Sicilies being annexed to Sar- dinia, they will receive republican institution*, and be rendered the general refuge ot aM the rest- lees and discontented spirits of Europe. What thepossible. Under the plea of unravelling th«*mystery, they are throwing dust in tbjs eyes ofthe public, to as to bide their own complicity inthe-affair. Their whole course, however, revealsthe fact that they are treading upon dangerousproutid, where one misstep may show to thev.irid the part that they have! played""'fljrd Bearer" of hieparty drank, on one occa- passage through both houses." Thi* quotation in this financial drama. They have attempted 4oh,l before breakiaet, andin the space of an is a two edged sword—it cut* both ways—it to drag Benjamin Wood into the snarl uri firsf, a bottle of Congress water; second, shows how little attention the republican Legis- and make huh responsible, when, in a glass of ale; third, a gin cocktail; fourth, a lature of the last session paid to tb«< public fact, he has no more to do with it than half bottle of champagne; fifth, a rumO A " f - B B U B TMITBIObetween_ _ _ _ _ _*•iu»*d "tLe disgust'^ H e declared, most em - batieally. that the nomination was one notIt to be uade, and that if the nominee should be elected it would be a disgrace to the country. When pressed for his reasons, the knight of tneaATIUKAi, THtATRB C*-t*MiPITIE Waits—Fanny Ooaawn—S u » o BursDEBS.AWD MRS.HAI.U. Broadway.—SomaTRIPLE SHEET. Haw York;, s » t n r d » r . October 0 , I860.Tax* Ktpddv slick proceeded to say that tbe '-stand- and object were only discovered after its fioaletrnet-MaWUIMMIM'A*•lateJBSbcOcacdbags,atM4.,u4 BOW. l.i:otWjflourat3*toleadtothemostseriousconsequence*. With the decided views entertained by both there s e e m s t o b e B O c h a n c e o f a r e c o n c i l e m e n t o fcapacitytoserve W?coustitnerttgwell,andhe Is by faf the best matt at present in nomination i n t h a t d i s t r i c t a n d h a v i n g n o o n e t o c o m p e t e with him who has any chance at all, w«j presumenms ->8aa AU.S r w r a u ^ i r * ^ qtf^iJatS'gS In the country k. awbiilunnd of deftrwtfoation of the Italian people are left enslaved. T o accomplish their Hbt ra^fta be would risk all that has been already gained; and, considerJTO MQTWMJOB r*IMT1W9mwiiiipiiiliwniand ruin.A faiiBtieal party, organized in one hoif ofAhUBXMXNTf THISACAPXHVOPHCIOCPonrwaBftetreet.-lT_UAWOr§- Ba—LA IEATIATA.iR B U n QAADBX, awaartwn».4-MASBin HSAAT.BroaSway, tweattta FASIO—Mrtooc WinA*BOU»VIBOWBBTTHRATRHBowery.—tintAt.TeariMHiix—teem determined to give their eduction to the the consequences likely to result from the se- ineaceproeeedinir,bypermittingthemtocarry parationofhispolicy from thatofSardiniathepr>p<H*xelectionstbroughplnraiitfea ifnot thatwe bave now to de\l. Althoueh the majoritiee. This prospective success of fanittv support of the latter in his contemplatedt h eCorporation.When partyconventionsV.jt» A* Ir U-OofcA* CBUB. WALLACE'S THKAT&B, Br ad war —Puna* Witaci»m is already begir.niog to affect the more sensitive interest* both North and South, while at the same time it em boldens the dcnaagoguictl leaders of thf BM-ailtmts ^o a mon* unblut-Mng a u d threaten- ingdeclaratioa«»t\.L<iraimt? IutheEistWil- son and Swrnte- proclaim thp most bitter icd violent abolitiiMi Vatiijaents; a:id Seward ia BOWretorninjr frc-ir : i almost triumphal proattackuponVenicewouldinevitablyleadtoa warofthemostformidable proportions^there is far less risk to the cause of Italian independ- ence in such an eventuality than in,the opposi-* tion of interests which is being brought tibout by the apparently irreconcileable difference* which bave sprung up between him and theTu- rinCabinet TheeffectistodivideandweakenV u o i ' i VICTIM—li*LAtTBA KEE!frs A1UU A « WVHBATBK, ______„Mo. SMBroadaaj.-e |e public. The hero of the legend was neb given to strong potations, auJ had a bad Ubijtof mixing hU liquors quite "pennfccuDus," |s l|re.Gampwould say. Directlyafter the ^jewsofhisnomination wasreceivedathis the chances of a reactionary movement „W e The T;tow*&and Times are making a great favorite hcttelrie, the barkeeper thereof, aBOWKKT THUATBB. Bowery.-BlCiASD UL- BaOBZI DOJIUT-KOKAH C««i1AThe Suspension of the Artlaana' Baak, .•lidtbeTlbnneandTnutiblind was bidden one of tbe mostpuritv - daylawseverpassed,worthyoftb«i>*-r ofCottonMather. Anacthadbeenr-»^ in existence creating a fuod for the • ..i o- \a f»••t• ota ..Me. »*«thecountryonprin.rpte«otdeadlyhostilityto ipgthewondersthatlehasalreadyachieved,we tbe other half, axe mating a violent effort U have no right to say that he proposes to him-•eize the rein* of power; and In many portion self an impossible task. It is, howeraclese-Sof the UDtrm a blicded and deluded peoplev»irh the prudence of his resolves than withis therefore not presumed to come within the reprehension of the worn out political hacks bf Tunmany, or the Albany Regency.and Rhetoric—An Sklltor Tnree •bad.tat«heWind.TJSesolidmenofBostontellratheragood rt at the expense of a gentleman who .once.rand, and accordiigly v-toed «be nUi«r.the ground that it was not wba' its ti'l* iud'.it-|, I andthatItwenttosuchanextremeU-i.rh.• tostrikeadeadlybio*atinnocentamw*;r»-Dts < on the other six da>e of the we*k R» we » M onSunday.Thetitleofthebillwas"Ana«ttoamendaofact entitled an act to create a food in aid n t ie•ad*!obliged to go out of its old track laid in the tnt purpose than tbe rteervmce of bunJay.filthandmireofpolitics. ButthisgreatUcioi; Governor Morgan though agreeing wuh t»vconservative party is em organiz.«.n of new Shbbath Committee tn their main object. ., i ',<i ideal acd statesmanlike viewB and purposes, and not consent to lend himself tbeo palpable aBLABBmCSAMKBIOAKMUHBUM.Brmi'waj"--DayAndBreaJa*-—Joaara an* H a basrnaan—Lmas OvRioa grees through tiie Northwest., ir which th««hepatrioticsentimentofItaly,andtoincreasetelegraphic- eumeiary of the news brought by the whose business lies with the South Is lookedCanada.TheIt.torsfromourcorrespondentsat uponinfinancialcircles.SensitivecapitaldoesLondon,Paris,Berlin.FlorenceandGenoa,which notneedlesslyadvanceitsrateofinterestfrom arepublishedinto-day'spaper,supplythedetails.seventoeighteenpercentforthiscl<*ofin-with the vigilant Legiaiature, but Governor aboutaneightythousanddollarlegacy,bfwhich ruralcotemporary. Thefirstparagraphofthe Morgan discovered the cheat and wouldit is a notewort! j fact, and one for which great credit is due, that ail the steamers of the Liverpool, New York and Philadelphiasteamship line,except- ingone,havebeenboardedoffCapeRaceduringthe pastsummer,andtheexceptionwasalonecaused by the prevalence of a dense fog. The press and the public are under many obligations to the pro-vestment One bank, the Artisans', has alreadygiven way before the pressure of distrust, and cans the chance of mining the liberties whichlast Legislature passed the act extending the gering headache and remorse. After drifting Nothing daunted, they go to work aga'n and term of cilice of the City Chamberlain, Mr. along in this,calm sea for a matter of forty lines, perpetrate another pious fraud, which this time Camp, we are informed, furnished the the scribe waxes athirst and imbibes some mild the pious Morgan swallows. They got up a Mayor a statement in connection with decoction, saysmall or lager bier. The effect new bill, which, with themost Indecent haste, that legacy that made him have fears ofthispotationisnotsufficientlyinspiriting;so theyhurriedthroughtbeLegislatureatthefagend of the session, before the public were aware of the movement That the republican party are responsible for it w e proved yester- day by tbevotes and thecommittee who put it through. Though w e republished it yesterday,prietors, agents, commanders a n d pursers o f line for their unceasing efforts to serve them.thisties. Ask those who know the courses of tradeOur correspondent a tthe 28th ult., says:—Theprosperous one here, with a stock of salt on hand of about 50,000 bushels, without any signs of dimi- nution,althoughtheshipments aresteady. The take of turtle has been immense, two-thirds of which has gone to England. Several British ves- sels of-war (principally steam schooners) touch here and exchange pickles, liquors, bread, A c, for turtle.Wepublishthismorningsomeinterestingcorres- pondence from on board the United States steam- ship Niagara and fromthe African coast, touchingthe homeward voyage of the Japanese Embassy.The Niagara was,at last account*, remarkablyChairman. where.Thair proceeding, willb e foundelse-ems to be, however, that the treason to the offender's money, ft jeems that they have not nioh is not confined to the republican party, been mistaken in their calculations, and that the fut is bhaied by the Southern fire-eaters, which society are getting up a number of cases, fromTurks seasonIsland, writingh a s been a veryo nacompromiseofsuchobviousandpretoiigex- pediency and prudence that Austrian statesmen.with their characteristic blindness, are sure onl) Stout operated upon the Clearing House and those latitudes continually," and so on. Goingplats of revolution hav* been avi.^red b j him- self and follow* if. with a uiHtitcirts? ne\er b e - fore attained Uf prf>claim^ that "he Etiropeaa idea must be applied"to Americiu society, and0becdupe American. theoia**lve« wni not d o it, itmust be done through European oaiigranta,t!wht>, escaping from the a!tema rt' of anarchyor oppiestion iu their own country hnve sought uew huoieB here. Tftai the manner of obtaining thtse aims may b e more clearly a n d pojnteuly wen. Senator Seward has, iu a moment of*ri- ous kinds to that object, butthere *>'n» xm!i .gtriumphant feeling, with John Drown.vauntedh isbrotherhoodThese facts are already producing commotionByanarrivalatNewOrleanswclureImportant iumsnyquarters. TheSouth, alarmedatthe effectofHicbastateofthingswillbeontbeetherbusiness, when such a bill could pass without any other depositor; and as to Fernando Wood, punch, and sixth, a brandy toddy; any of the members knowiug its content*; andnewsfromMexico.Thereportofthecondemna-prospectofagovernmentaveweciyhostilexo continentalpopulationsbaybejudgedofbytionandconfiscationaftheSpanishbarkMaria itsstateorsociety,turnsoneverysidelookiug therapiditywithwhichtherevolutionaryflame Concepcioa at Vera Craa Is confirmed. In conse-quence of this action of the Mexican authorities the for the path of safety. Sensible and pru- spread from country to country in ,1818. Iuaboutwhomsomuchhasbeensaid,hehasno andtheconclusion towhich'tbeman thefraudofthetitleiswellworthyottheTar-connectionwhateverwithit,fartherthanthe appointment of Mr. Piatt to the Cbamherlaincy. Thefact ofthematteris,thewhole difficultyNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1860.^TRIPLK SHEET.<T h e T h u n d e r SI u t t a r t n s a o r t h e C o m i n gTempest—Inrti<-*ita>ns off Popmihr Feel- their respective policies. The Sardinian Pre- ing North a n d Mouth miei believes that the work of revolution has7 * comprehensibleWhoever emveva the current of recent events bees carried as far as is consistent with the with a broad and comprehensive view-cannot interests of Sardinia. Garibaldi takes theJ representedofgo to euch lengths as to supplant worthy men for therefuse of thecommunity, they ateeati- tled only to contempt, and no man woo hastbe interest of the city or the country at heart willfail to perceive the signs a c i to hear th<* distant mutttniiigaof thethjnnder of thecoiatngotoroi. which threaU»n-itoftiTOlve every tntere^f half accomplished op long a s a n y spor-certain duration. There is 'but one ttting thatcan avert it, and that is a ahance too remote to lection of Southern debts, or the granting of dwell upon. The sale of Venice to Sardinia isaccordingly appointed Mr. Piatt, a respectable a brilliant rhetorical bunt, wherein w e are toldmerchant, in his place. That gentleman trans that "it is a most remarkable circumstance thatferred the funds of the city from the Shoe and the great danger of the South is in its perpetualLeatherBanktotheArtisans'.TheTimesim- propensitytobelulled;wewould thinkmediately opened it* batteries, and Mr. that seventy millions of sirens were singing iu we now wish to coil special attention to some ofwhat causes the difficulty that attends the col-newcreditstoSouthernmerchants,andthey will tell you that it is the fear of the inaugura- tion of a revolutionary policy of governmentitg provisions.Bythismeasurethe innocentenjoyments ofTheebullitionsofbrutalityand faction arerife here in the North, too, and are evident to effect i t every careful observer. Because we have fear-lesely pursued the path of our duty as a jour-nalist, and held up the mirror of truth to pass-ing events o n every aide around u s ,Northern demagogues proclaim that we,too, should b e the victim of brutal violence. Thosewhocoincidewithusintheviewwethe banksofthe cit.by.managing In some alongalittlefurther,wefindtracesoftheonemysterious way to Tnrow suspicions over the my. Burgundy, or some stronger tipple, peepsoperations of the Artisans' Bank. Tfie bank out in this sentence:—''Yancey, the destroyer!was thus forced to withdraw from the Clearing Yancey, tbe disunionist! Yanoey is the mur- performance" or "parts of the same.'' OfandforCongress.1 take of the political necessities of the country - portance to the dictum of any party or anyto-yield to the pressure, and now tbe Tribune end Tlruts are both engaged in misleading the public, for fear that tbe real facts will show tbe unsoundness of their concerns.These luminous sentences bring a paragraph to.aneffectiveclose,andourheroagain seeks inspiration from tbe bottle. This time he pro- bably patronizes old port, and waxes eloquent,The Japanese were rapidly progressing in their deny the statements of their own leaders andEngiiah studies. \ There were a large number of representative men, that their aim is to abolish AmericanandEnglishshipsofwarontheAfrican rlaveryeverywhere. Alittlecountrypaperin coast,huntingupslavers,ofwhichfourorfivehadNewJerseyprintsinitseditorialcolumnaduties imposed upon them, whether it i > upon upon the Artisans' Bunk; bv.t in this, as in all Yancey, gag Yancey, suppress Yancey, impri- the bench, in the State Legislature oUinthe otb*T statements, the main Listory is left unno- son Yancey, lynch Yancey. Is not this a great hallsofCongress. » If ticed. Some twoyearssince,whenMr.Doug- country? Arenotourstarsandstripesresplen-been captured.The details will be found very in-of tbe law is that "tl- Society for the Refor- mation o f Juvenile Delinquents" a r e authorized tosueforandrecoverthepenal'j,andapply it to their own use. T_!* was deemed essential because tbe Sab jatarians knew that if so tin popular any unconstitutional a law were left to oe administer**! J-tt the ordinary way, it would not be can led out to their salL-ficaon ? ° / more than the otier Sunday laws. They con-the pre*e_i canvass. The old system of ban- ever, has nominated him, and this wfllAve him rtpecial interest in this loan. of Southern madcaps.'' Occasionally w e cluded that the bait of the fine wouldners, mottoes, devices, and shouts of the name also a handsome prestige; while thefeaj less and We thus find these journals mixed up ia this et flj faint glimmering of tho purport of the work like a charm, and that a charitable so-Theadjournedmootingofthestockholdersaud creditors of the Artisans' Bank yesterday appointed Mr. Augurtiue Smith receiver of the institution, he having consented t o accept t h e trust, and agreed to recommend him to the Supreme Court for themercifultocommittothegallows."zartHall. Thiswill undoubtedlygive)himaceived the nomination of Tammany fomhe Su- of the HBBALD, * * * whom it would Ija preme bench, and also the nomination of Mo-ccmeafhopeleesly involved in a maze of adjec- tives, kdverbs, verbs and substantives, common and Jf-oper, which arethrownoutupon.the world|ike so mueh, ^orthleea rubbish. H e hasviolent and brutal letter against "the editorCritical Condition off Affairs 1st ItaJy— Re« Republicanism Agata •aialag ItsHead.The advices received by the City of •alti-tegs talents, and understands the interests of the city far better than a men politician or law- yer; he knows more about the business of his constituentM' than Mr. Sickles, who now repre- sents the district, or than the editor of a Sundaythe latemore confirm the impression that the rupturen m m t n FTLWH BWB other porta. Tothe former wheat wu finely engaged, la between Garibaldi and Count Cavour w likely paper, who knows still less. Mr. Wood has the1broad Italian view of the subject, a/id lookspopulations, and 'hus give to#he rod republi-there are others, more than cautious citizensimagine, who incase of theinstallation ofLin-coln.andarevolutionarypolicyat Washingtonwould fall beneath the load of falling securi- conflict of formidable proportions, and of un as to tbe safety of the city money. H e the writer takes to champagne, which leads tothey have so gallantly won. | Eitheralternative,itwillbeseen,involvesatoappreciateitswisdom when itistoolatetoTHEnoNs.- The conventions of the different parties House, and this was followed by a systematicMETROPOLITANAND COUNTY ^NOMJKV-are very busy just n o w making nominations forallthe offices tobefilled attheapproach ing election for the county, for the Legislaturederer of Cock Robin and the Cataline of this attackonallsides,until,atlast,it wasforced gloriouscountry."course oratorios a n d sacred concerts a r e in - cluded,andthebeautifulairsfrom theoperas sometimes played without the words in our churches, and sometimes with other words suited to the occasion, accord- ing to the example of John Wesley, whostoleforhishymnsthetunesofthemost popular songs, rem -king that the devi. had appropriated all the beautiful music.The penalty for violation of this act is five hundreddollars,besides imprisonmentfortheWedonotattachahyim-convention, but are disposed to support such menonlyasarequalifiedbytheirgoodffharac-healthy, and the only inconvenience experienced as the Boston Post -vent their spite in personalwasfromtheprev.leuceofadversewindsandthevituperationofus;those,whosedestructiveconsequent lack in the supply of caal and water. policy we oppose—as the Providence Journal— ter and intelligence to administer faitrui Hy the are among the causes that brought thisltrouble corner Yancey, knock down Yancey, chainprestige when he comes before the people. W eWe cite these things merely as indications of see also that Judge Russell got the nomination Bank through the influence of the former. rjpw §>*.&& to brandy, and subsequently em-the spirit of violence and unreason that is for Recorder from a majority of the Tamraany There being an impression at that time in the %&q4 What S« called Jersey ligataing. ZZ abroadintheland. Itsanticipationsmaybe Convention,butfcjgpnjemeansorothpi;a,row raiofc bfthe"7V^„? pL"TM^ l_s«they ffrllstobabblinginawildwayabout Yancey, seen in the nniisual cbjtr&cter that has been was got up before business was concluj^d,and were soon to have tbe " Little Gi«?nt," with his tte Presidential election and -the childish paspeat. ThesubjectoftheappointmentofMr.Smithwas discussed in Court, but the Jodge adjournedthe case until noon to-day without deciding the given to politick clubs and organizations in the Convention broke up. Mozart H*U,how | bag and baggage, in their party, they took ons and disreputable animosities of a hand- questiw.The BeU and Everett County Convention ni«t last evening, and nominated a straight Out city and county ticket, appointed a committee of con- ference, and adjourned to meet at the call of theof some popular leader, has been displaced by upright course he has pursued for j ie past fight and at the very bottom of the imbroglio, trticle,;but it is so terribly mixed up that evenciety, some of whose members are members of the Sabbath Committee, would be induced to prosecute, in order to get hoid of theone withand lances, real cannon, a regular battle cry,and- recognized rank and command. The tion of tbe community—a frjendl Hillen silence with which the multitude which has not been diminished bya Philadelphia lawyer would be puzzled to make >ut what the author was driving a t The ideamilitarydrill, simulatedmusketsa sThe Bepobncau Jndtetary Convention met last-*evenmg. and nominated Mr. Thorns. B. Van Buren of people beheld ten thousand of these half heaped upon bim by a portion of thefour yearshim to the good will of all the respecfcjjile porC|Jminaljudgeh a scoaj fnendeuand j e t doing all within their power to mystify ; i t to prevent the public at large from seeing the utter rottenness of their establishments^ They are carrjingon this republican family: squab-ble over the city funds, which each desires tok awonderfuldiscovery,perhaps. Itseemsto which theyexpecttoreaparich harvest. We themselves upj and enable them to scatter hs however, a very small aliowanc of bread hope that in every instance in which there is a The Police Commissionars yesterday transferred dread that is beginning to pervade the public versally severe in his dealings with^tbMn, and black republican dogmas throughout the North- for e|ch a liberal expenditure of sack. Deci- decision in their favor an appeal will be taken Bergoaat Smith, of the Fifth ward, to the Seven mind. Neither the drilled performers nor the it is only natural that this class of people and ern States, and are trembling lost an investiga- edly the Hon, Massa Greeley has a great trea- to a higher court, on the ground of unconstitu-to Recorder,mplaceofJohnw.Kdmoads who soldiersmarchthroughourstreetsafewnights istruethathehasshownno mer^yto deolinea to be a candidate. * ° since is an unerring testimony of the feeling of ed criminals; on the contrary, he has |have in the hands oftheirfriends,tobolsterteenth; Sergeant Bosh,oftheSixth,tothe Twenty, spectators gave any «vidence-of honest entbu- theiT friends should behard in their ti Wncia- tion will reveaUhjsfacttothepublic. third, and sergeant Bromer, of the Tenth, to theure Inhisbacchanalian collaborateur, although tionality. The act carries a fraud and false-Sixth. No other busiheas was traaiacted.JkrouRo the street* c f thai commercial metropo- Ihtaahsembracedaboat3.500bales,charingoathebaaia •1 AlVtfthesesignsof thetimesarebutthe•ta^iB. it W M tag premonitory dead march tions ot him. vfis fticubrations do seem a little out of place a cold water concern like the Tribune. Per- ps,| however, the drunken editor is kepthood on its face. It is entitled "An act to pre- serve tbe public peace and order on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday."InHon. John Cochrane, there appears td be some opposition t o his renomination; and th*re could notbe a more forcibleevidenceofthedepra- vity of the democratic party than to see the grogshop politicians who control the nomlna- tiors endeaworing to reject ouch a representa- tive as Mr. Cochraue—a man o f spotless charac- ter, upright, refir -d, intelligent m a statesman, and a man o t undoubted talent, who has proved himself not only an honor to the metropolis, a portion o f which h e represents, but to Congress— to substitute in his place one of tbe plundererst h eSixthdistrict,n o wb yheever , whatbe, andwefancythatwehaveagreatmany scores yet to reckon up against them.boundb y their action.We rhall pee, how-the uptboto ftheseconventions willceived a nomination to the highest office in Society for the Reformation of Juvenile IMia-qnentsjn thecity of New York, and fw rher purposes." Who would suppose that I.»M*oeeitsinfluenceinthe statement containedinthe last news, that the republican cause/wasgaining ground in Naples, and that the Dictator about it, and yet tell as few facts as t»; t difc j-e which a colored gentleman oncedent men look upon the future with France redrepublicanism,thoughscotched,isunmingled alarm, Keitt and the South Caro- not lead, and only awaits a favorable opaor • has been brought about bya family quarrelbeofspiritarrivedwasthat amanwhowas stupid as to mix his liquors in the manner ove described was altogether too great a fooltuffes, tbe Mawworms, the Cantwells and the Joseph Surfaces who have originated tbe late agitation against drinking lager bier on "the Lord's day," and whose true types may be found in the saints who used to kill a cat oncommanderoftheSpanishfleethadthreatenedtobombard the city, but was deterred from so doingby Com. Jarvw, of the American squadron, and theentire Spanish fleet, with the exception of one ves- and resistance as the only resort Botts, on the The German republicans do not give signs of life, It appears from tbe report of the judicial pro- result quite justified the barkeeper's predic- Monday for catching mice on Sun lay. sel, returned to Havana. Detailtdo, the liberal other band, wracunoM that three hundred thou- but they axe not the less eagerly watching the ceedings and that ot the stockholder* overthe on ;! butwe are notwriting political history,•astheSBSWOJina*4oftheerjjediUonagainstthej^^^javccay0_,0finduatrj, compefsub-stateofinsecuritythere,thatallthegarrisonshave been replaced on a war footing. Even the "Tribune Association," having purchasedthenewlyannexedprovincesofSardiniawoitldg germanetoaspeciality injournalism hich has been Introduced b y our philosophical philanthropic cotemporaries of the Tribune.certrooms,alicenseof$500perannum."The result of this provision," says the Governor, "wouldbetociose upon tbeotherdaysotthej mission at the point of the bayonet. The brutal agesofaterriblestorm whichsweptoveralarge element, which uuforiuWely is too oftenportion of the Southern country on Tuesday. A tNew Orleans buildings were prostrated, and boats rouses public feeling, displays itself already, wereswampedintheriver.Alongthelineofthe aidtint'samouthpieceinitscongenial repre-Jackson Railroad a portion of the track w as sentative, Pryor, w h o declares himself ready washed away, and a large number of houses were to turn assassin and plunge a dagger in the carriedoffbytheflood.SteamboatswereblownbreastofLincolnifheshouldbeelected. ashore and mi rar houses demolished. The crop* Whatever opinion we may entertain of thesewise . a • large owner of stock inWe have a brief telegraphic account of the rav-suffered seaerely. The storm was also very heavy at Baton Rouge and in portions of Georgia and Florida.men and their sentiment*, there is one thing we must not forget. They arc demagogues, and each in his own section studies the popular fee'hK and gives expression to what he be-indites.these remarkable effusions is probably population of the city for one day out ot seven. baldi of the policy of France and Sardinia, a newspaper warfare over then* operations in in the gutter three weeks out of four, and This was toobad foreven theCommissioner"ofThe steamship Nortliern Light, from Aspinwall,with two hundred and thirty-two passengers, themails and 11)29,000 in treasure, brought down to litvr-i to be the thought and desire of thoseIn eiher case war is inevitable, and it will be for this affair, which has been conducted under the Writes in the intervals of his sprees. H is latest Police to attempt to engineer through the L e-Victor Emanuel to choose whether he will con- pretence of looking after the public interests. article opens rather obscurely, as if he tinue to unite bis*fortunes with thoseofbis Mr.StoutwasappointedCityChamberlainby was gradually recovering from an extended compatriots who have elevated him to»hU pre- Fernando Wood, soon after hi* first election to drunk. It is presumed to be a review of anar-lina school of politicians proclaim secession tuni-, to again emerge from its hiding places.g>be President of the United States.We might go a little further, and say thatthetween those two journals and their managers.wtth 91,200,000, bound for Ta%ico, intending to question of Receiver, (bat Mr. Camp is a share- their sicklea into sword* and, abandoning the for revolt, and the government teels in suoh a holder in the Artisans' Bank; he is likeThis bill was levelled at all places of amuse- e have referred to the Boston anecdote as ment, by compelling them to pay, even for con-general, had, it wan believed, seized a condecta sand volunteers, even in the South, will turn progress of events in Italy. Hungary* is ripelistened to in times when\a sense of dangerMcElrath's interest when that gentleman failed their fresh born loyalty being Bure to be over- In the Nassau Bank, and wields more or lees in- poweredbytheappealsofthemanwhomthey fluence overthecourseofthatjournal. Mr. regard as a sort of demigod. ' Stout, the former City Chamberlain, is a large Thus the unity of Italy ia placed be- stockholder in the Shoe and Leather Bank, tweentwodangers—thatofatooprecipitate whichhasgreatpowerovertheTimes,through advance to the fulfilment of its objects by funds advanced on the stock of that newspaper an attack upon Venice, and of a division association, which lies in its vaults hypothecated.of its interests by the repudiation.by Gari- These gentlemen have thus been able to get uporganizing their establishment upon the week many innocent aud beneficial places oficiest Fourierite principles they made pro- amusement, whose profit* are not sufficiently sionforeverydepartmentoflabor,and,bya large toenable themtopaythesum" Theht of enterprise far beyond rivalry, they other parts of the bill were of such a nature a* ve introduced a new element into the metro- to induce Mr. Morgan to say that 'its provision* litanpress.Werefertothedrunkenedito-aresosweepingastodefeattheobjectsofitsal which appears in the Tribune once a month, framers." It might be justly called a bill to ot thereabouts. The bibulous philosopher who make prisoners in their own houses of the wholearoundbim.gislature. Though very wit'lug to oblige the committee, they did notthink it prudent or safe to run tilt t o such a n extent against public opinion. They declined to make gush a whole-not b e insensible to the republican Infection,Panama by the steamship John L. Stephens, fromSan Francisco on the 11th nit., had not arrivedwhen our paper went to prc*>. The trip from San thunder mntteringa can be caught by the sent proud position, or await the chances of the the office of Mayor, and was retained by Mayor ticle ,|by a half crazy Southern editor, whoseFrancisco to New York is usually made in from attentive ear. They are heard here reactionary combination which the unfurling of Tiemann. A t that time Mr. Camp was a stock- theory is that the safety of the Union can only sale onslaught upon the civil and religioustwenty-two to twenty-three days. in the North, too. Those who live in The European mails to the 22d nit., brought by the currents of trade may hear them in the in-the red republican flag will be sure to provoke holder in tbe Shoe and Leather Bank, where Mr. be selured by the election of Mr. Douglas. The liberties of the people. There was nothing leftthe steamship Canada, arrived in this city fromBoston last evening. W e have already given aert asing distrust with which the paper of thoseamongst the cortinental despots, A bollpolicy is, in our opinion. th« only one for theKing to pursue under the circumstances, it isbettertobravethepowerofAustria,evenStout deposited the city funds. Those two gen- Southern editor is particularly severe upon Vantlemen were alto on quite intimate terms, and but to smuggle it through tho Legislature, likecey, Jieff. Davis, and the other fire-eaters; and thewere engaged together in several schemes; but TVtout)e man, as nearly as we can ascertain, seems a slaver under false colors. They sucsc«dedNor is it alone in the South that theseatlengththeybadsomemisunderstanding tohaveendeavoredtocastridiculeuoonhisthough unsupported byFrance,thantobreakupthebondsthatatpresentunitealltheItalianMr.Stoutwasoneofthelegatees.Sincethe Tribunearticlegivestokenofcoldwater,lin-nottaketheresponsibilityofendorsingitTUE TAMMANT FACTION COMING OCT OF ITS SHEI I—We perceive that the Tammany faction bly is only partially completed, so t L t it is is coming out of its shell at last, and support-1f-osaiudanutoathatitextendedtoaeonsWerabte totnrtTM!? .vTT T**TM t0 * * ^OSt nominationsformembers of CongreesjIbutwe Itspewerisgone,andasan individual organ- biesbftheSprucestreetphilosophers. Atany cordoftweet sounds"inaconcertroom? As1h* cotton market was Inn ytstarsay and score activeTbe nomination lor members of thlAsssm-of lose. alia, lor nhMUag uplands Appraonasioon warsentertained regarding the eflacts af tna has oro-m u t t t , n 8* * •» «>« coming tempestan example to his confreres, and as a practi- In what respect can "the public peace and or- difficult to pronounce any opinion asfto what ing the union! electoral ticket It is about cal illustration of tbe necessity for a prohibi- der" be said to be violated by the innocentLoTtL.Iractod heavy «*-» .t the *wth opon the crops It was trT, J ? *!***" ' • » P*0P all be fore- the result wiU be. l^shmomaybesail of the time that it did eo. because it cannot help itself. tory liquor law, once one of the favorite hob-j enjoyment of a German "garden," or "the con-n d leJaad.ta the <-eat of wtstcb the cotton era? A n t ^ ^ -«lWlo««-* will peiceive a disposition to run some of the plun-ization it can effect nothing anylonger. The rute|here is no mistaking hiswork. It "gr; ws well might these legislators call the music ofr.loanmnae*leantajarni. Bene, fartherad iwait*d with K>OMaaxtaty, as Uta is a erHhol periodetthepan*. HearopaaadwithafanOaBMSMIandderers oftheCorporation fortheseplacesof ± ^"^tLt^A^r trust, and w e can only hope that not one of thattransformationnowgoing onamongthediffer- richerandricher^daybyday,and ifbeperseentpartiesinthecityisof acharacterthatthe vere|inmixinghisdrinkshema}yetbeableto thetrees,themurmuringofthewaves,thebab- grogshoppoliticiansdonotunderstand. Itis dosojmethingasbrilliantasthefamous quadri- blingofbrooks,thepatteringofrainandtbeamhaaaaaanowofBmaaan,batgtwwtanaaandoi^acd •all, andat easier ratesferwannaa and media*grad** Wheat opeaed with * gocd rafoast ao<" with buoyancy,infamous gang will benominated:oriffbeyare, that they will be rejected at the pUJa. a revolution far beyond their ken, and thuy are t|ite:|i action which gave such a fplendid repu- whistling of tbe winds—breaches of the publicWe see that for representative of the Thud dis-ft-etrawed with esaaparatfr* rialam. Corn *» fell,frcmthetrrhrfUnion thewhole-structure trictBenjaminWoodhasreceivedtbenomination knowingthereason why. They ha'- drifted drunkendepartment Thatwaswhatthe poli-but the better fseUrg waned and tansaa.- areirvolvfd inherutterance, if^ K •tfau, *Kt wntoat chaagaat aaomaat Hfttssn. Pork was j uitwc „txa wiL i„L*,- iu tne path ot revuiuaou of Tammany Hall and Mozart Hall, a n f there-forcedtofallinto the stream without exactlv tationtotheChevalier H. Jenkins Raymond's peace. Theverytitleofthebillisamisnomer. Such L?the blue lawenacted for this cityinto a fog, aud are obliged to go wi ] w cur- is a new man, bat ho is a man of supcrfw bual- fw&L TLd deffioCi-Uc partj L_s Lqes 'L+i L..Lic^o i~li a "Li- LLitm," we aoutit, but we be- _jeve|hatitcanbfcoualled,andfurther, thatUntitled Documentalone, by a tyrannical Legislature of blackre- puitiicane, end Mich Is the sneakiiig tu«nuer La which it has b?ea footed into the statuteLoansmadetoSenatorDouglas,we^retold, thus:—"Alas!wecanonlysay,catchYancey,Weperceive#thatRecorderBarnardjiasre- laswasengagedinbisSenatorialcontest.Itisdent?''.AfterthistheTribunephilosopherbe-offenceasamisdemeanor;andthenicepointstared that he obtained a loan of several thou- sand dollars of the Shoe and Leather B**.nk, axd after tbequarrel betweenMessrs.Camp and istout it w as transferred to the Artisans'the Silenus pf toe Tr&uw b just th* man to do more have laid it out stiff and flat oil over the it* Weaaali therefore look with the utmostphilosopher noted fortheserenity^ofhisde- societyabovenamedbyapplyingfine-- Bteanci, was observed to be impermeated with"the garden" and "the concert room" are pro- hibited, and every description Of "dramationature—the melody of the birds, the rustling of 0-2aalmier, wiih**mofmusat*1»Wxa}|8go, atdruin.iwtt>cuuusalaitciukucooteieuit-n. ;M|.WOOUThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Congress for" the last two or three years,andwww.fultonhistory.com 