 rand laoht Bufgm—The * » * « a ****""*****" soon given, and the three boweries were son °^?J** with yoong and old, ready to sprtof nw»y B B I HCMTHE MORMONS.! T , r £ > S T J e t o r U ) e ra.o through OuhletnK* lised con.munity.W h o m itMBEnilC FROM^WTAMANDNAUYfCvKM 'AMt C*nWa0an«>fBnCBTSsBB • • Mag twtten"take—I H l «a*b> t h eto fwOake Far kMaleo,Mr SaltLa>keG n u Sat* t a n Car, July » , *«•»•Awum ths 5«W^-»r*B*«iK. « * Prep**, Ptekt \U •tanssni T -f to t*« 1** iWtewaiwod Lake—*** learn»of the plain that you leva ap very exalted opinion~sasna net Sa£4>ato'"to»»—fa* ifunKncal Busasrs. ay MMtentaatic toe. Each bowery was f M W y ^ M n p t o a rMM, aid te that space wtrb packed six n w o feotiilons ftom about ua A. M. on Tuesday till between widowed daughter (hnrself nearly n s n t f ynsn of age),the rani editors punish our city by gic*. Like the inferior insects, they breed with rapidity henortot it with a visit of mixed pleasureifamily and retinue, bis horses, mu*es, earrtages, , am., 1,079 persons parsed the ftm guard. Inere 105 wajooa and carriages, 348 homes, law mules, . Heocr hat only tne modest aanhaw of twenty- i M bis femi'y, "Brotber" Walls only thirty-i courtesy, Brixbam pamed without hi tMj t,am bored- Therh*f isoarefol with hid'atook » .- f-..-ei- Mng Though he aHice had first right to tha kanyun —aswi?? a scout, but wai kftlajl in cue tir ia".i.ii.i vvear; iJ*\.,..-.. n ovuuff vuv VTOBI ra*••in-a 'it uur;•mm IXSIJUIB in THS wswr.is hae been mmcpdeii to him—rather than rin anyihing, Tlio following oxtrast from a letter dated Deep Creak,1 prove but a mockery. Thai laud ii to be a land of free It w»e< a difilcult matter to make bim ttnderwiAudnnr become nearly as great a nuisatce to the republic as the mental and moral prostitution of their lives, but struggle | t.: and jou will repent to sackcloth and aabet, n dha had a mad of hay set t if anvanco to his d m caaipiag •lace, lutew as fcur of his best cows for the bene lit of the rbntcw>er»tion.desire to hear move of his personal adveiitdreaishd it ar,n ocry by ialt!rg the arms as if holding a •rfa th«it th; ehord of memory was touched at all, when h* reja'-eg o broken (dirases fomo cf the incidents urtiH-'^njet inh-i tbonghto.with necessity's iron gr&Bf as idly as many a fair woman, j with the blue eyes and soiden hair of tbc Caucasian race, has struggled in tho free North for work to shield her iiwitsrnJ ewervbodr te shelter.It was a terrible skewerhaveto readabtiity-thoee» of lupertotive toMW*saaeai sa** ninethe BratofZoZ c ^ s a n ^ n T ' l b e e x ' • « - £ « « ? - ? . 2 . at. ubie at the time under a MMperary MMnj^ndwen threadtogetopandmafo,.heltor. J,?""^^ after ale storm, awi saw the load** teWsoomp'ewtfT"1-ijjsjBlLianl to rain, Hmre wM) P«w t*«- KfeTor shnwrTnlproha^rji*«* ^ n r n p e d a „ a reoching W t m the weather clears i up every epemedwhaTeclothestodry.and tha camp washour or two like one peat bleach.ng Bold. B TWWTT fOtatH.a early daylight everjthicg was astir to t n camp weather was still threatening. At six A. M , three m<anetwas in ia b«.>r of the three flr.t Presidencyef |ne«hurcbofJtsusChriatof letter W ^ * - * * * ha» Young, Heber C. Kimball, and Daniel H. Waaaa. the martial hand was ttatiuatd by the gun, and MS each re- port died away, moato followed, TbjoBghont tha camp facte was one eonttnned flrmg, till starahal UUto had to stopit.'«mini brothersshooWortar it."a t nine o'clock a talute of thirteen g u n was fired—ose fcrTeach jear s i n s the pkmeors had entered the great bMlnofHa'tLake. Betweeneach gun musks was dis- coursedbythebanO*.iBi naiHaMLas the snn peered cut from behind the heavy cloudsthe heitts of the faithful war* cheered,and the siibject ofconversatMo everywhere waa the dance. The word wast i nttorolPress 1-ByAt His? 7» Lswto strnt, to this oMy, tbnrs IrfM, with a Qmd fiuyg ,f Lif*-1U Sminti Patr<mue tU Popuiar "the wee ens boors ayent the twal'* on ^f^MMtof Isaac Daniels, an old soldier pf the Ravolution aud also of«f OuXUen'JTaere Mutio of the' Day, "L*B* 2XH*,'' " I * I***" « /Hmiti*-B*&**U* a Tto*$U f*t 0*With I « J MZ>n*,''efc-Jote Je*VW Sottertdh* • lander dhii'S* Winanp, Hiwuwtf, awMBBwBp, lawenf •id « Coed ftotefitoe»wE»,<£e.M e thirteenth anniversary ofcommon necessaries of life.age he is nry feeble, SA4h» aged daughter |£bllgtd to support herself and parent by the labor of b e r » n hands.MormontMB bean celebrated with greet *":«: during the preeeatace,'describe n o r hone, yoar dress, your Hndredi of people from the Territory earn to i .. n d what yon children had aw dins*.bearhim. A stand was erected outside of the >independenceWith all her exertions, however, she obtatea (Wfijtorelattireienjoyments are of rather a mlted ordee. FailtogJul? 22, is the latest news from the mall route:-—The express brii^s word that the India.us ara threat- enhog Roberts' Creek station again—building ti.-ts at nght, yelling, Ac. One .of the express men who came After traveiltng Boaae miles twough aomnhing like a ir—Knits Armstrong—was shot thro'igh the thijib;aluvghty nigger."UB BUBAL PRINTERS' COLICer the oppreberj?! • of civil war, if you at- ct to devote it to slavery." Bat Taylor and ad«e and King were overruled, and Missouri Arkansas rante toto the Luton as slave States. foderal givernment secured the slave capital of stave* lers in Missouri. They rej iced and triusphed, aodtax n a » w a n a s oe BJ.J COTTOMWOOD.This is quite as bad a disorder as the evils produced by from dishonor or starvation Those men die of dtoap- J white lend. Wc do not allude to the unpleasant pi lyaical pointment, intemporatico and a bitter sense of dograda- j affection produced by puttieg typo metal in the month, tion; and dirty feilowa who bay* crammed all they know, j but to that terrible fever that besets printers wh»n any and are mere intellectual poll parrots, prcsurna to write jsaaialllirnt forest "f trees, suddenly the visiter emerges "Wkhess to light, sad rather unexpectedly sals his M an cad—the treat ga'Jberlag place has been The first view aaiK'tles the observing rislter the ptaoe is partlcuitrly adapted to the WCB.'-JU. i valley, encircled by high lower lug mountains, seemsrode thirty m'es aft'ir it was done. Dr. Kay is attend- itg him. I have cot loarnbd particulara myself. ^Juon Loee and Bill Steriett were shot at by Indian* going through the kasyoo between here aao Wiitow Springs ua tbf 20th tost. Jesse ivarl was accidentally shot dead on the UOH day. The Pi I'tea stole two h; rses from the sol-E r-membered how, whf n a lad, ha used plav tUt'jthe boys an! girls among the wigwams of the ndiai|SB>iid*boot gatnei to tho woods', whi:h then g> •.mde'.l t~.!uefuhborbcod above Catial street W-ltakne »'mat fieeld eoont may h'4 have lighted his cara.o tire tho vary" a source tbey. dare not exclude. Stopping over night to a sites on which now stand the eleg mi. re.-i te>* a of aooi' little village between Albany and Syracuse, I; hear 1tbeir obituaries, and kick the "c vX ikms that arc pcoa- j freedom went mourning. Ths country rose and said, withmorntog, with roly very short intervals of ret* for the misiciaua. Kotwltntanobrg ootaeional showers enough IOoampen fteltogs as well as clothes, the merry dance continued. •the War of 1812-1*, aged l o t y n r n , who is to, want of theand lead but 4 short life. A regtetor prtotodtoltn The^Mlnees" is to bore metropolitan .g i v « n tolerably full n t of newspapers ta the UnitedStates and Canada; but there are to this very publiaation ii" I -V'icqaatoted with Man leading New Yorktamed into ridicule, aad the very Matter of Bwary sye was up<n him,and fallowtog him round and and bayonet* isspired the dtecu tos with greater round, aid every little piece of hi \ amusement was solidries among the neighbors, learned that both the pati toreh and his aged daughter were known and respected by many to the vicinity as unobtrusive, exemplary • • » r e - ligious people, and that the totter was devotedly topntri- ous to her endeavors to provide for the comfort of hsnIt must not be supposed, however, that the unhappy enough to tmny them over more than one year of ex- te of things we have chronicled to e n f t o n to the:o triumpnnt dtattoy. Alter tte news tad > communicated to thorn, the dtestpMe dancinggreater good will sad earneetntss, and, as one ofenjoy meat to them, Strange world, strange lotos!do eager were the folks to dance, and so impossible to gratify everybody's wishes to obtain the floor, the mana- geis were forced to frequently threaten a complete break np If there was not more conscience ia the business.sient papers and "dead heads"—which Items are set down as " regular" circulation. Cheap advertising tea good deal like cheap insurance;wUd oat companies whiejh charge less than safb ratos being as worthless as country papers that advertise low, because nobody ever sees them. If a merchant desires to reach country people the! weekly editions of the metropolitan papers are by far the bastexcessive provincialism and stupid mtomanagement f its rural press, aad while the same i t o e a e i t k o * ire or less true throughout the entire free States, theurol press of the extreme South te quite as bad, and onto" be worse if it were not tor the check Imposed ponSit by a more cemservativa tone of society, arising ut of the "peculiar lnstitutton." A large proportion oftake care to husband this areata awd apply rt weU. there he still want, then spply to your brethren ta fftstes for help, and K wUI be afibrded you, Iido what 1 can to send to this directtan thegrIremarked, they •' felt so good " that they regrettedI sa far from the tetUemeaM, or they would hare in- Same were never off the Boards if they could possibly es venerable parent. "But go np n d a n fbrydurself,''1all their friends to join then. Coder suoh ctrson- it .• eesOy to conceive that the reopening of the i has b e n a particular occasion fof rejoicing.Tin nrrmnoKS.i previous aBBMtan the partiea invited were general-cape detec loo. One of nor small company, on rSturning to the tern about OBe o'clock in the morning, said that w h n ho left the bowery there were at least four timeseaid one, after relating the hardship of the* case;> and wo accordingly ascended to the third story ef the.tistetoont house where the old people reside—or rnAher|a»i im-may ha needed. Then, do n t suffer yoared r n to bebatonaccountofthepeculiaritiesofthepast»years, the invitation was extended to all whan toe thing bat ainamimi DLItisnmjeoesearytodraw«#tboimaginationiff*pic•ture. There was the same mjperabio apartment that hasYorkpaper. Ifhetakesthe"local"sheet,Itto;onlyto avoid being abused or to be supplied with waste papar.- IKFLCENCE OP BUBAL PAPERS.Apart from the vast outgrowth of the independentwMee malted frusa their respectire wards, and see that swab persns) is weU fltted for the trip, with good, sub- Hal, Meadyleaaas, wagons, hareees, hold-hacks and looks,"»le of awnpkthg the journey without repair, end a driver, so as cot to endanger toe life of any iudleideal. Bbehos*,headsoffa»Uw»andleaders..faoullpar- Mas will, beMr.' awSSMf ah* Mrst m<IL faraisb a fall aod . p a w list or » ^ a o » a a w e a a a a y W them, and handwhtob was represented in the bands of an anjrel sjauding bis trumpet. The angel was said t» be an excellent like- ness of their first lea it r, Joseph Smith, aud no doubt in- tended by the artatt to r>>nvey the idea that be wan "the messenger of the last dispensation,' who would publishthe humble household furniture.The gray haired old veteran was alone. laxnpiVfgrtp-pled and exhausted with tho burden of more than a c a - tury, wi'ha bl nket thrown, around hto shoulders aad bisfeet encasedlnapair of ragged carpet sHppdSi,habroken down, anu tmt of the big herd of horses four ouly had strayed. By Bine%>'clock tho last team In i loft th-* eampieg gtoend and after examining around to see that all ure» were t<xtingui8hed, ••tha prophet" left the laat, satisfied that all was right and that hi.- disoipUia hx i eu joyed the ssclvts to thair b.arta' content and thus coded the gieat celebration of IStiO.FBAKKhiN A*JD tOPNTRT rRIMi:RS.,_it 'swellknown that BGD.Praukiinwasaprinter bytfhus ertoountcrs with tho redskUiSrBotfar t&m the fro trade, but a sensible man notwithstanding. On thesentt reelfierce o' hie son. The old I,°Ubefitfflcjdujr*«f >rwc could aimest Iwag'oe hi n to bo stroh—frc'sHed to aj*ia iiwidcot iu lifs d's;oj.ncctei rcoiaieaoiioes, a&d us he spoke of his parent the twaw rolled «io*u nis cbssks iath-i wtakuess of t'^tago. "Bit,'' said he, "I reiveB|:ld lum—i font the lrjii s till there wa"rut one l&lt." '. ; j• tonrlM, ta n magnmncrt sheet of Indians undertook to rescue him. In the melee P.sg weeaeeTime's ch:irriot whce*ls have raado thair fntiroais d however, and cne cannot look upon this old JTresioii of another age, who moved am»3g men b f.>re eongate from his county fell ill, and the morning of the daythe Wr<Mg Bi?#biebee went to press the editor senta few lines of telegraph to the publisher ofthe paper, add, mentioned the delegate's illness. I.r^al jjnE'ii.-0P clone and eelor their viows of t-cry- I tjlvacto, arid eo this tSn.OOOVas never to jeopardy byr, ahoundmg to trout. It it aaM that there it a par- • character wf eiectric tel about it, which.... u.ff»cteJ tad tan'a nervea sang back in past genenit ions, thatwan shot dead. The Indians charged and shot three times,wounding Bamnel Cousins severely to the longs—detthexpected. As tha people began to arrive the four IadUns our grandfather" were born, withontBynling likeyieliCoi'rdjB pajicr' ire ''»o miwh rorerned by cliques. ' ^achnrftts, Connecticnt, XewWork, New Jersey or Pmn-am mto^d an to nam^M twnfkMkvimade off towards ths kanyon, and at the creek crossing they IbuiKl and fletd upon two Hormone,named Reed and Cowan, tilling the farmer and wounding badly the latter.him all the TCD; ratioa duo a patriarefif .In the war of 1SI2 1 i, thoti-h then a somparatirely telegraph was not printed. On being questioned the pubthfeg. JTi would be well if thoy g*ve more original j th. proposition to make MtesunrXa free State. Eat evec milter and devoted more spaco to literature emaba- i' there bad been a ronfisenticn, i how small a sacrificetton from hosn f.et.s. By training young writers to this • cf property VIE to l>» made, agaJ st the immense, the in w%, they might be useful auxiliaries ia the. work of calculable ad vantages of freedemj fispersod over this broadAmerican civilization. The spurious lc-al items, adula- continent And see how unat lins are the devises and tory purls and frantic spleen hi which the mass of coa&try cohu ivancts of men, of statesmen, of part.es. or even of napeis indulge, arc fatal alike to their reputation and ! natior?, tc rwrateract and control the great moving opsra- pockets. In journalism, more than in any other proles ] txhs of tbc aso. Who would suppose that the wtsest meni entirety deserted, till the Mormons, in, dbcovered it, The red afcias bare a sacredBy deity, sad penisu-lowly refuse to ap-ato. Brigbam has a bjet upon it far the AF they went np tho kanyon they met two brothers ofWhen the editor returned he was surprised that hisi of excorskmUts, which, on anch oectsions as the by the young aid the while-sway hoor oflately oncupied by the wagoiiffl Committee of ArraogeMnis w«ire prouil- ieccmerr, b«t aeeanin-'.y withef Bwbdwawnd rsltaws front order, Fur ex Young and his counsellors, with their families, held te reserve far wagons, tents andby sxaaeaiary taspMattan to directing the pie to locations than by any regard to either rank. It was to be n day of freedom, mingle freely—mry taking care not toset. The ssercoeew, Sibley toato and °f final tor abeiter from DM burning sun or1the name of Merrill Ira they killed and severely wound- ed the other.Ihave only time to add that measures will at once be taken to gcard attest surprise, as it is fully expected that the tHsconteated Indians north will seek this ouce- t.vii to stir up rtr'.ru.T h e ! f e w M o r m o n M o v e m e n t . OPR NAl'VOO- OORKK^POSPKNl £,NACVOO, Illinois, Sept. 20, I860. rrctffrity of (|f J*Ja<tt-Ctatfwtfe>t of the Orne-/»j-u|. pret.f ef fae ITwte Crop-fliaaqwrUrs of Oe 0tteen$antman, he serve<l tbronghout.auil was engaged in &">v#ral aetions; but, as alreadv iuttniated, it was impossible to derive much information of hU past.In regard to the family, hia daughter informed U3 that bis father was quite advanced ia years at the time of fcls death, as was also hisgrand"ather. His wife died thirty years ajo, leaving eight children, the eldest of whom fe a hearty boy of eighty, who lives in Pentsylvania. This youth has had twenty two tafcics, the present d*ngljter ui'teen, and the remain ler of the family have to like M a - nor generally and generously obeyed to the-letter the Scriptural injunction.We endeavored to obtain the number of tho descendants of the old progenitor; hut It was too much for Uie c*(cu latlon of the ilauyhter, Who enumerated till we were tire i,lirher eaid the foam was all locked up when the despatch came, and he wasf not going to delay the paper for that. He had got to press three hours earlier than usuali, as he wanted to go off the next day on a spree; to be plut the paper to press without any convention news save what the Albany Journal said editorially. The paper to aae*- tion, it should be stated, was democratic. HoW the editor got pitched!into for changing his politics need not be descrioed.The couutry printers have a supreme contempt for any editorial assistance, and would not give twenty Ave o c n i for intelligence direct from the moon in advance of theirafc,dV.I take the liberty to give you a few Items of passingcase becaueo it ir oie that should arouse the sympaBhy of every man and it onrcu in our midst, and we have no donbt that having made it known hundreds will c wne for-TBB PBOVINC1AX PAPERS OK ALBANY. Albany being the capital of the State, and the homo of Lord Thurlow, and hiB/idut Aehata, Confidence Caseidy, it might be supposed that the aheeto published dally'to that city would at least keep pace with the {times. Such, however, is not tha case. Like the skeleton prints of Washington, the Journal and AO&s.Armtsm. When the penrdc of tfits conatry are so totellectu- advaiieed as to lie unable to do without one lendlrig y \ b w York .journal—which is not only a perfect mir- of toe worlds daily liistory.bat an impartial com- nutftor on r irreot ercnts—'.bey wi.l he awake to the pertolce of euyainingsu-h inland papers ae deserve itNEW'•'SEHATOfi gEWAEDS WESTERITOOLSewart'8race|)ttoBtoaUMnhMbaMj. fSSS- Bssnyooe might have exnected. a>erywbereis haveYou have already bad from me anreception at Leavnwortb, and ef the tofttnNye remaining behind at Leavnawith great effect, a large staemhtor Seward returned from Topeka to Lawrence, net two mites outside this town by a large < was escortod amid much enthusiasm totoevents nt the Holy I and, thinking they may be of some ward to the relief of these old and destitute people, 1, y j * f j f 2 1 * * » burnt.Tg mitoide, - - , ir-terast to your rentiers. This city, once the seat of the though it be with but mltcs. There arc large beans anaoaewatod grounds by night, when the'iTEkl^Sr*** • • ot t»«oeva, ia Swit- ten Joe Smith, has, as yon are aware, for years been open hands to New York always ready to respond tq nch appeals, especially where Bcueriug has so long beet* aljsntthciiabillty. honesty and tact.| TJU l-'Mi !' l^CHAM.i: Hi Mill->or are—eitltona hoaor-os; the cos a qttiet little hamlet of seme twelve to fifteen hundred and unobtrusive, and the same spirit that prompts themhand airnck up*•\ r T ! to be countenance! in any «*•!•-J Z Z Z m ZZsa-ai THE RUKAL PRESS.W h a t.to Condnatawl suad M n n It toand two Mermoaa (who will submit), is understood to have or- the sunset and to brighton the shadows of twilightpartisan journalism, ae well as of old party Tiines are fast becoming obsolete, they fill their columns with8 m e t i q u a t e d nonB. !«?„ * ,^ *en8e that answered so well to: stoneB up the hill ef difficulty. To such meat the rural j acd is UkiEg steps to open a highway from St. Lousi »> the Pacific. Never were the people of aay Stole so satei-fata alownjaranetnghad tried to pass II oans.MhimaS*d bat church h e n , and has determined to make are already gathering around the pathway of the J** *ead of the church or the holy of holies; and this Iaired centenarian and his devoted daughter.1820 and 1S40, out which is touched at to 188ft. for therest they filch bodily from the metropolitan papers and(•ess offers a fine field. The very fact that it hae become I <'3l as the r«opto of Missouri. ' If she reaaato a slave emasculated te the reason why able »rt can do well by Itog btld ef the management of cexiatry journals, and St it., as she desires to be, then she m n t te\i p'aotng» r*.J**, it ia very natural for us to inquire what1 vtA )wm wm h€ d ^t^VSf* **** *° »• P****Wswtia>afaiznrf —*annt now tios1lest WtbKjMCOomMAa. o n i » i S ^ S r r . t o » » » te Kaavoo in 1839 they found to0 i r ocoKewwnn»wV w2LtS*t, *- **°l** ^ «*••10T 80 0 0 w h o to Bwaed have Bw^awr^oatoTr^ ?T - ° ' >* "*'Si .to merely and the value of her tends will be reMilvoly ive usurped. Comparisons are odious only when ua- , worthies?. Every elave State Vcomes impsverisbeJ,andprketeM picture of a tome.'' :fi ttie prreseentl instance ttj-e.akingof arm chairs,toBn4nMstBw^waCaa^*r.^^ « 0 diaoaeedntaton be sybat HsZs^hJ?^ * *•">•»• let their ' thieed"Why cannot tola be denealone command, AS at present conducted, country naliam te on Insult to the boasted intelligence of the e. Su to is the impression that te derived from n long d candid observation ef the course of tne rural paoars,1on Bcdsn's bay to the Gulf of Mexico, aad from the AUottic to tbe Pacific Ocean. It te only a question ef fif- ty er a hundred years, for the American confederacy or Tf.jnb.ic must extend over the -road eoetmenL AgotemTfeNteToMMHton^while away the tedious hours. 17M ta, isso.EtiTFoaSnWADiMcsic.—The Davenport (Iowa)not, as the New York nepers aw delivered on tbnTraw*? cjtodueted by "rat" printers (whom aii journeymen know wcalih for that of Virginia, •• • * Orea* n - last tables of ihe better class of peoplewV7ryiatornin*- «o to he n nuisance), ruled by small fry politicians, and t.ons reqnire something mere than wealth—they reqaire that the rural press of 8turgenndooj really^renSSS'^ always ready to prostitute their colnrnt". to shoer moral >ntoll:genr.c ani TIMOT :utd energy onioug their people. Iftonreltgioue BuoerstS?„ 'vea, bajmlea^^S,aL?*.!1,1K c*Main' ^ ^ t h w m . e t v i , , :• t S i ^ o n ? r « f S y g o n d tBe regards aTa^rneMbayh^fcl wlU,>^ « » B that will he disposedone ought to.excha straight backed roeiur.• I '•^IWSBWWBWaiByBWaPapWtBWff^l'q-'lH^TOBX HEBALP, FRII i Y , OCTOBEft 5, 1860.-TBIPLB [SHBBT.' "•:1 "ciroomstanoes under any c...' i .. A— Be ignores slso the UUh dectrtos of m»^>t » • * • tiiea iuk iU« all a Gentile has and culling M."»hrt^be,1•e),nd leeuirfs svma tihadlnaW to?£After the candles and lamps bad been lighted, trlgbnmstopped out to the bowery*opostto his marquee, to ae aaptctator: hut no sooner was he recognised than ha re-ceivtd the manager's invitation to the boards The lloor subsistence. Is it right that this venerable | t i r should was clear* d of the anxious youngsters, and the prophet, become the tomntes of a poorhouse t. Let the^barlteblythe names of over one hundred concerns to the New Eng- land and Middle States alone that have given np the ghost Bince the date of lto compilation. The nearest approxi- mation to the truth now attainabletatthe eahmlatm that there are to the Unton, outside the city of New York, somethreethousandandfiftynewspapers,daily,trlorcourat, tf they are ahowaIMJ « t ^ « « , rttesue they will, In their delicious "editorialt, at the head inter* of tbe Bg Cottonwood. Whet- may think, the Mormons ere telly MUsled taTti mission IB the worM, that they have a4 the*, though presnUy chenre Contrary to what wont fenri»F be expected_of him Brtgbnt is partumlariy gay to the dance, and JvidonUy ., their success te oerUin. thinks whan at it that he may amuse hlmaelf and •nry- icelebration of tm had psrideutar attraction tor bedyelse as well as he can. Ketotoy can be moreunap-m deadheads at UM ttkwtrei aad places of Hone, n d benches n d ante were pawed to the . t b e y pay twenty five cents for a seat ia thelfc«w,$!B»> i " BBB wa'rmjy'nd' nic restowmsbotnd ^-iTaarSTr rff* ^* tc**«* if the enrh^cned, something that will ease hto old body •d such te the view of sensible people in the interior of { veraawent Must have wealth in proportion to the number country. It te a matter of policy ror the pualic to ' of its people. What kind of wealth o n nstaraStap• cf Mr. B -s Bantesarnoth2/^,,rh*t • «a<»orstoo4 theepabtohtm to roll aboutand enjoythecosynansiwjiitdrawallsupportfromjournals that havenoclaimsj hi.iglirtb: TanyearsfromthistimethepeopleofKaa commentary on their intelligence. Such, however itta to patronage other t o n that they are "focal" papers, sac," then only sixteen years old, would aot give theirUtfn>no h : * »caute he b*s n«>t anrojindr •11 ln<t of the MWd under may rrside, and absolutely f i•mmur iftatloB, any totor tkgn thepartofbis; pf ever* their voting. b»i.*, ^Utical oontosis exeegfiMn peopled v>to as tbey plena.1' he carries out tbeee principles there why he should not brtag to us good aeighfa may bw their detoaions.N.mi. iri I#IIIII.fTBB CBbTBAfc BJIJ»»0AD PAPEBS. This wonerful corporation I. lar«ely eng.Sli Year, of AS., WlUk His O .uglxter. Aged Swrnttw* 1M M •tMn,..4^j|>nf#M- tion-uns Bf esmnral W«dAlmgtnl'« Bcouu-InterestlBg Kemlnlicences of N e w Y o r k W h e n I t W M « F o r M t - Smmll Smote MM O i d R e l i c g o t o t h e A l n s -1TO TITB IIHTOB OP TBI BBBA:the HXRALD baa ever alleged to regard to its utter a>>- aence of local toflnence Is strictly correct, and that metro- politaaBTBBIareBtaraBytorowtoftteipmoagpawaw inburytogtbeiradvertisementstotheobscurityofaclr culation which Is for the most part fictitious.. KtAOfEB OP INXAKt) NEWSTATEBS.It IBeasier to take the census of the Union, or to get at the ages of the maiden ladies to Yankeedom, than to get nt the exact number of inland papers. Their name to lo-pr^nctolOwing to his extremely oldIble,no whatevermmttw re^~priaters frost Albany/ road's most obesBent and humble** i^inMi*****MiSa'a|iva)aw a na w « p a * tO B S t f Ornt F w n f t o t l i e n , A HaWsftrw4 M a d lng of free institutions. It shows, Moreover, that|nB that,ead wul toady aComtogc and Btofa-tor it is The railroad loaes little by giving these psnMjtori^t te,5tf^iWS^2i £,'5fia:. nets,andaretothehabitofspndtogagratt,•S e to fotogovertheroad"»m^*»*X city, where ib*yb«*»ae V"*****TM*"*! ration for i heir board.: THE BT7BAL EDITOBB IM NBW TORE. , «r twtos • year, by dtet of hardj^nning,•snore looking tn than the number that could be accommo-dated. Outside ef the bowety throughout the day therewas every kind of amusement. Fishing, banting, run-ning, leaping, atone throwing aad qu jit playing. There ply ; and, gently raising the latch, we walked to. 'sj w .cere with never fai's to take at least one leading Now leairous of splitting this confederacy asunier, toa general liberty, and e?erybody did as pleased him , Therewasnosprechif»tog,norattemptatauyAt auadown twelve guns Were fired in honor of the been described a thousand Times. Woman's fcttoto andidle North by black republican and to the South by fire-eating agency. Poor to pocketnd bank- rupt to principle, with no chance of obtaining fecognitlon under the existing BUW of things, they hope Io rise to positions of prominence to times of general disorder and anarchy. Freeh from New England, they tot-Yancey Yancey in their invectives against Union andi might regard in good sUaitog. For hM Special Brtgaam bad the following card printed —reran OF txvt a» TBBnan wains OF BM cor- • n a n nrvcstotnt Brlgbam Young, reepeuifulte invites — — —• attesd a pteoie excureteo tu the lose m Big Cotton . the official programme of lsdO. creeping in from behind the paper oartetos badtwelve apoetb a, and at ion o'clock P at. the band played •II me, dweet Home," which, however much it might iaoicaie "to your tsnts,Ob Israel,'' seemiugly fell heed-tidiness had to a measure ameliorated its roughest featBres.and upon a small capital given to the room, an ali of com less on the ears of the multitude, as they daaeed and parative comfort. A few cheerful rays of BonthiuJpress of the metropolis—forming as it does a congressof intelleit to permanent session on the state of the eCBBWVfttism.pMUer to the lowest prejudices ofthalo-Bhafeanaeetotheworld,tortheirtrials and enduranceto toying the foundation «. i" that temporal kmgdtjm that is was Bitting to a corner of the room, to a woodi/n rootiogyet 'Ho roll down from these mountains, crush to Its pro- chair, rolling a morsel of tobacco between httf toothlessmured. "Knock at the back door." We,;dktWHtk re- medium, as the country trader who is worth doing busl-ho have been driven by poverty or other oanaat from ieir ntlve viltogee. AU theee gentry ««, of course,bilto—alihough it would be n great sacrifice ta use torn so—to carry every fntlly through tha crisis, and te ena- ble you to come out in tho spring with milch cows sad] workingcattleenoughtoresumeoperationsundermore propitious circumstances. We, who are hare, -nwtBf from several States whence emigration proceeds, andfrom the Atlantic coast, where emigration from lands arrive, and whence it te Bent onward, shall do share to directing the footsteps of the emigre*t tavisited many boars after that. This,however, terminatedKMTOO, on Toesxay, Mib of Jul.. among the attractive displays In camp wa=s a finely got nettled upon the threadbare carpet;, and there was* ble influence the rural papers once possessed in their ownity where they have chanced to sight, n d prostitute•'L*$—Ynwtttbereq-orodtostartsoastopaw npbahaer,withthen%cav*ofthepioneersandthepro-apinetable,afewchairs,acheapclock everlocalities,thegrossmismanagementorthecon' 'tors baa deprived their sheets of any real shan formation of public opinion; while they are, too oltci IT Incompetent to reflect or follow the tide tor intelligence, which tlows'by them without their aterh'e brains.|HOW ABE VTLlACrff FAFERS ST.VBTED? Tf an answer to this ojutstisn is detired, it tonlabed. Very often, to a closely contested localsome clique of village politicians want an "otrumpet theirpraises,andget someacquaintmore money than good sense, to subscribe a fewm^it, about four n i k s u p tbo fcanyon, before perty they brougat with them. In brief, there were 143 o'clock on Mtindaj.tbe J3l.as n© i » w » will be wen, three women and two childi eo; seventy wagons, to pass that point alter two o'clock P. at. of that one boat,one cannon, ninety-three horses, afty-two males,the mautel, one or two timeworn, musty lithograonatotters full of bpinons and barren facts, attempting to make themselves heard outside of their own oMMre or- gans. As a Yankee cannot live anywhere without pro scribing somebody or something, whether it be lager bkr or one of our adopted fellow cttiaens, who is worth a dkiwu provincial tfeuthernised Yankee editors, these fol- lows very often proscribe men burn aad ratoed ta the South, and owning enough to buy five hundred of themSdy and soul, because the planter does not endorse all etrinsaneniggerdrivingdoctrines.COCNTBT PAPEBS THEIR OBTX ENEMIES.I were thirty or forty yearn yousger—to the period of youth n d vigor—the place of all other* that I would ahocee for home would be the plains of Kansas. (Ap-plause ) Passing from this subject, to said I transactions of this day elucidated tteof the irrepressible conflict* (an exptoston ofand laughter) betwen freedom n d slavery Bepassedtoreriewthehistoryofthisconflictfrom17*T down to IBM, showing that while t t e South was a r r o w he, the North wasaabmlsi!re n d compromising,on the wall, a small store, a half open cupboard, where A all p«rafns axe iurbiidea to smoke legara or pipes, sixty six oxen, kiteteen cows. The toaane'r* was hoisted were arranged tho tow dishes necessary for dally me, andtae<e ires at aiy plane in the kanj IH>, except on the over the tent of one of the pioneers, and drov conside-ewaap ground. The biabops are req<*est«d to accompauy rable attention. The names were printed on a scroll, a plain sofa bed, but these made up tha entire catalogue ofdollar*—tho politicians of course taking careff ArrmtttmirttOh-A. 0. Smoet. J<>bn Sharp, over all the earth." Wry pleasant anticipttion.no doubt gums, and, ai he expressed it, "keeping bo^pij^' Vfftite paying any of their own funds. Backed cp by two or te> te hte own wont enemy. Tbeee small fry journalists was It, lis asked, that all tte settlements•"/ SawW/ ga^iaaaaaj^a aw* w^^^ ga^^ew^.]Like most oomptoinnto against society, your rural prto.most have a very large opinion of themselves to mise* were not final f For no other reason than that thegress all enemies, and, ultimately to triumph bear raleHardy, A.'"unnipgbaa, E F Sheets,!'. Kesl. r, of it. On the reversea.de of the banner was the follow- bto more youthfol daughter was attending ,'-# itrnantic three hits is of introduction to aorrcgood na'urwn typem e s n e €avU»*ar, A. H. BaJrign, Henry Uooo. J. a Lit ing inscription:— •N'amfe of the pioneers who left win- duties bulow. Ho was evU'erjtly aurprised a t n Bbrfipt a founder, some ignoramus, too lazy to serve a thoroughsuppose that tho metropolitan press is jealous of pettytat, Harahai ef the Daw. Cot B. T. Barton will arrange awSgnartf.ter quarters at Council Bluffs, April, 1847, arrived in Grett Salt Lake Valley, July St; ninety five of whom re- tun e«l to winter quarters by October SI of tfcesainayear,visit; but reaoMngouta ajtrivelled banfl.wl* a warm apprenticeship to thecsso. is taken in tow, andal'owed ehHke bv, motioned m to a asat by his s»Jt. Oa.^ttsmptiag to 'run the ofljce to suit himself, as long as he puOs theto rrinverse wc found that he was not only pejecdly Bear, would bo statesmen who employ him. The printer (If a but that It was with the utmost difficulty tbtjt he could cunning iellow) usually contrives to get two or three boys to do his work, white he "edits" the paper. Tula he doesmakei himself ii^rttcod. An Interview prog thus with a BCUSO'S and a paste pot; nine times out or ten imrctirtbte wltbemt an toterpreterj we da«ce>e|ted te^fie be clips the telegraphic despatches from the HEIA'D,jord to speak wtvfc t»b ^latjgnter, who, notwfastom||ug or. some leading metr>;.oiitan journal; and; as to her c\*-u advAii. d age ard a physical the rest of his "copy," he cuts it to fit certain kwoes.conflict was lirepresslbBS, and was aot to be settled until:Bast Lass Crrr, July 10 1*90.; ban la vtted were bay Excellency Gore -nor Com- without an accident to any person. Praise ye the Lord."concerns whose aggregate capital ia not equal to the ex- Kontas had finally n d forever determined that she wJuki P*DOlturet of a first class metropolitan paper for n stogie te free, n d would aot te stove, (tpptone.) I tatak taday or week. Their columne are frequeatly filled withf'antic appeals to delinquent sr.hecribyrs, or abusive no- Win he found that the whole question was settled ia theaaother federal officer, and another gentleman. rcnsBD our or CAMP.It ia taid to "the good old Book" th.it on a certain oc-i believe, were the n t y oats'.dert invited. Tne casion vbea the soos of God met together to worship,tices of well known farelfing showmen, who are above cheating both from principle! aud ceil interest The fast te, Se rural prittor is seldom cheated—the asseverations of a fraternity to the contrary notwithstanding. Like theirbrethren, the rural inn keope s, tho charges of tho conn try print* re are very often abominably eitortiooato to travelling amusement proprietors, who, while ready totor some reason or other, failed to put in anwaters of Big C.tttonwo HI, or th ; take, isi ight miles from this wty, in a southeasterlyLucifer made hte appearance among them. Among the MormouB at the celebration a uoted horse thief, or, to be leas libellous, a gentkmau, tlrongly susfieotod of un- measured proclivities for borsetiesn, put in an appear- ance. The moment the VnrEbal put his eye upon him he was kindly cared for and escortod a distance dawn thedeliverance of Kansas, and that freedom te trfhmpbent Ml ail the Territories of the United States. And now, what do we see T We Me to Pennsylvania that they have aot made up their minds that there te any such conflict M sH. On the hills n d rooks and mountains of Virginia they are actually orgonizirg a militia to defend tho Ibefore torn from her thumb t»tr!y the wbflie? rnuant** t notbtr ir empty itg tho matter. Again, as they are usu- specially victimizett to put meney ieto estowwtei ex- of Virginia aretact freemen who are estobiisang iIen enieriut; the kaa> oc there la M aimoet eon- bnt, LtVr some explanations, the oomioittea concluded to I rise TOgate the sammit on Bondhy «as the im- allow them to remain In the capacity of servant!! to ".heaad blew! was i'owtog profuttcly from i.hu % the Bail, ally behind -time on tbeir paper., short pieces enablechequers. It would be wetl for the busiaese managers of n Kansas and New Mexico, as if the people of cshibitit.es that are travelling, when imposed noon byCkaat point far iQuae not biraecd »tth fa»t team* Mid 1 ight g t m The demands of harvest upoa men and u-.-uns the latter particularly d a n a n to hire, and many,at other limta, woro both aoi<} and witling to s,»,n carriages, were forced to have recourse to theoie-i.i ing the sscrettneasef Sabbath here, ratherBan fell to arrive ia time many of the alow tentna start- ew early on Snoday moroit g i started ia oompany with saaraaawa, with only three hcrses and « oarrlage form y s n i w . a n d w a s gkad o f e o g o o d a n o p p o r t u ef travelling. We left o i the Sm.;»y morulas:, . eight o'clock, and got to within half a d»x»n mles • hate on the same embay, By taking this earlyavoided detention ia the kanyon b hint) the . as enoe there, to pass was next to rmpoesible. aTben we got to the aiountam and looked back to the ral- hyy, t i e view *as magnificeal. With the aid of tei .*copeWWooald see the leama ru»hng fron every dtretttn b Ban aawath «f the kanyon—everybody seemed bent on aBy Monday at ncoo, without raaut:&g Brig but nciihing very serious, eiue or tvo wneela wereKenrsS were no wiser than themselves, n d ea if, w > n tl ;cy wasted to make territory rree, they BM not go intoScribe d ihese gentlemen as 'men of garus reduced to fair play to the national devciopeuKttr They did not te defcperajtiob." To such msn their eltuations arc anything it. tm thi contrary, they devoted Missouri onJ Arkantn but sinecures. They bncg to some miserable one horso lei slavery, and said, "You may take the rest tor freedom.'' concern bratoa aid industry, aad are ceaseless- Ceuid anything have been more absurd than planting a ly fettered by the etuptdity of eoma , block- slave State to Missouri to the year liriO, n d thereby bead of a publisher, who considers a ;newi- Blotting out a tup, ly of free labor from all south sad,paper a tort of corner grocery, where the offc'courihgs of north and west ef it r Still it was done. There were n tgentJeiren* with whose namo they wero somewhat a <soctotod to coming, with instructions, no#srer, that ti>eysh' ui'l not mingle in the dance. One of tho ladies, for-getful of the proviso, had cached the boards, and wasalt ready to mingle in the amusement, wnen thi keen >-yoof one of the bishops reached her. The gentleman whofed ber up got the bint, and led her oft' again and back toher carriage. Probably this ma>yyet bo hauclod to IL • , liicuiLg tbc vocation of a farmer until aEsst. For the present Tthink enough is said. rtm aerntji.woiul.rlki, and not thetfcera to nil np fnstcr. Occasionally some cultivated resi- dent ed their village will submit to taom for publication come toienible essay or sketch; but this they rarely no- eept, at tbeir "rate" cannot read MSS. at Bit, and the edi- tor hss ho more knowledge of the English language than :ho wants for hia ciwn use.So, ta«n, we halve, flrst, the remarkable spectacle of a proprietor owning nothing, but owned, body and ao-ul, by the politicians; atid secondly, ef "copy" being cat to fit tho types, tDSfeadf of the types being cut te fit ideas.woiiidcocflsiC to ' "r bed a:- woman In EiarjafS, was pvti ntly wAShu>K J.'low «4uthea> tha was to eke ow. the nay's stibsinence.on that cironra- whionCountry editors of this grade—the lowest of a miserable tribe—are very fur,d.of short pieces, not because they I ke brevity for their readers' sake, but becatsa, if half seas ever while making no the forms, they do not have toTo the mouth vt the kanym—% dlaun •» ofroad la Very good at this season of the canon. Two tactics very High received the same honors; rxa'ter still *'rse, ifpetBlWo,ebe aad orlya Ke toe bother thi-ir miiduted brains to know what galley follows pay tho regular rates for printing, are unwilitoir io bectttipg -m mi*rion,sh3 gplite'.y spol.e her icturted to tin apartment above, where we leiloaing br 11 but interesting history:—provincial pressee, to send copies of these extortionate ;i:counts to be ventilated in sonn metropolian paper.TtTE MELANCHOLY MPE «>K THE PWTTBK. Occasionally one meets with seme thorough scholarH with tbe ballot boa and srhoolbcuse, n d svjt them- telves down to vote tt free, tenng care to leave tte store Butt a p-rfocUy free to keep slavery as long as they onn,TlKs olu forefather—Isaac Dtototo—wis boi Weetchesur county, New York, on the 1 1734. one hundred and s:x years a?o. Thand gentleman—men sometimes o' a fine education— Ircwtag that ibey will be quite ready to remove slavery who, by soaae reverse of fortune, ban been com f;oro anong them when thee see that there is no 1aigis n pelted to eke out a Bubsistence in the office of a country prospect ol their keeping the empire of tbe country to journal? 8uch persons are really to be commiserated, as their haeds Kefernng to th<: compromise measures cf the bldekhcad publisher is careful both to starve .md lfi-0, be said—Could anything bare been wiser than forrears oi a^n. when nature gave out, and jjtliei to "lay ciown the shovol and tBe!h cocoe. what he has since remained, a belpli b s equally po«ir »"i>s a:, a daughters."By dawn of iJay teams were bitched up and mov!?*gdown the kaoyon, everyone eager to keep out of th-?way of the other behind and escape tho do*' of the ouobefore It was :kc returuiag from rlpsom cr tb3 trottingcourse nt [/•. g Ts.itsd. Noaccidenl ocnirroi save to afew persons o! Itrigbam's family. As one of the carriageswar descending the kanyon something started the mules,and tskisR a rather awkward turn thfoynpsetths carriage,which rolled twice over with lail'a to*Ida, ami floafly qn his fice and T"?«on sire yet visible the mttrls of.tie 'course, a positive irjory to the loctl merchant. landed them in the creek. Tbey had s-iiio slight brnisen,«>n ibobreokirgout of tho iSovol'Jtion Jiftj-K. > « :anpn%g dant tradesman ifcat has given him a new hat, be "sets itthe flint :o offer his Berries to hi# e >iwit-y, aki throigi tip In the stick," and a choice morsel it is—the out the war served under General Washlngtoi, en iqfi ig delicacy of the compliment being shown by all tbe privatiotis and vicissitudes of that evi Stful strui the fact that the printer man publicly thanks ths trades- gle. to this imTiedlato vicinity, from his1 a )<iflt*tat»a<-e nua for voice received, and then proceeds to bciilo&bcr with the nrighborh-c .i, ho was ^employed a? u smo-jt, nod him with praisc| by wholesale Such a nitice is, oflodinn tAmauawk ftnd ritle received in swmehif the det peratf adv<-cture3 Intrldeai to tha-early part of (ho stri(-jcr*atloh can get drunk and ngat, in and out. Worthy ofhotter things, and with every raculty except the *wnr /nire, the unhappy class of literary hacks to whom allu-wanting wise man at that time who remonstrated. There were Henry W. Taylor and James Talmadge in the House el Representatives: and peerless among all the opponentsP His father was llkea stress ef three laikea in oumeter To the in diers at Ruby the other day. The other end of the ro i-J ef our me? ohant princes ?—thoy worth their n ns,hnd of tho death fof a prominent citizen, which hadWHAT THE HI'UAL PRESS HA=5 110 DO.ft is evident, at the first gtanee, that there are quite too | age. According to my recollection—for I was born aof Useat t%it lake C ty, oomposing the ma- of the ooMpnov. the place a n t hare hi i all the i of coau«*t. The naewctains of Cottonwood well covered with light green W b a g e . wbioh adds «to the beauty of the darker given firs that there • d. While the routhern aide dismays a rteh variety a, the Bortherna*de of the same monntatns M 'stony and indebted bore and thei o with patches which ap to the 2**h had. as yet, detled the of ihe nseaner's mm to dislodge rugged oreriorB ef " the eternil lake, prommert to attraotloos toto re stocked a3 far as Smith's orosk.one hnndrcdrnJles wett of Ruby. lieutenants Weed and Perkins were re- turning.RAP 5WWH TROW TWW JfOnraOn my way to the Post Office I tea'nod of an exprassarriving at Brigham Young's oilice late last evening, with the intelligence that an Indian had been killed at Cache Valley, aiid two Uormcus killed and others womded, in and cciuiec!. d with tho same sii'iir. The Tacts as stated sic briefly &g follows:—The tobabitants of $nitMc!i, Cache Valley, arrested, on Monday, Pagweenee (the one eyed Indian) for horse stealing During the any fourto UBcertatu of h's morrow's meal. Bat, s whiw taken place afloat three to the afternoon,! Tao haired grand ire said, "that's almost a ha died years l'ocal paper—a' weekly of Liiiputiau dimensionsmany provincial papers. While some country paper- are etorebolder, and have some iutnof this thing—*tey wereneeded n vehicles of logal news and advertising, they 'Uu worth S300 a head, tekir.g babes and mothers into bawa another and a higher mission, ir tbeir booby'con- cfdoant with the grown up field hands That would make ductors bad bat the sagacity to find it out. TVy need to { the whole value SSOCCeO. Arkanaaa had then 1 BOO be conducted on sound b-osiness principles,, and matt bo , f l i u s , worth $48 0C0 so that all the capital put at stake independent of partus and ;<ohticiai.s to command respect i in Mirsotui and Arkansas, was only M l 010. To aavnBgnf"Personally, there are ftilt traces about t h the «urdj Epituaa<t vigorous strength of da? B.In his countenance, e»[»oeia1!y are marks|d mm orjfouBgerand Brobdignagtan type face—was nearly ready for press when the funeral notice was brought io. The editor mas hard at wokk "looking up" the second page, and when tho boy entered his oulse and made known his ous- - teas, the gentlemanly typo exclaimed: "Thunderi! why couldn't old Blank die two hours ago!"cosselinees -a a toblc forofaead, a blue eyes|fa|ahdfoarmW?erllformed face, \ihico aecoaatod for an exproasirinof.lleluat capital to negroes the great compromise ef ditlon, a knowledge of tbc princ.pics of modern I 1«ao was made, Missouri and Arkansasgiven up to slaveryjournalism, which te far more ncccaJnry to a publt^lier acd the march of freedom arrested on the banks of tbe thin an acquaintaiico with tjpc setting, which is partly Uiig-uri river. >-ow. »i6o,0t0 we-* a very torge ram, to be a mechanical art. The success of some few country pa ! suite: But copcrse-n tccn or ever pro weed to confiscate thispen that n-e measurably o managed provee that this is : Pr&*itjr. They were left free to selL There was n con- noifileBipcutatioB fiscation of tte slave* proposed, ae there never was in Has-Oa another oewasicc, a country editor related the follow- ing;—He had gone to attend a State convention and left eauee he could lecpnn the right side of tho sbuawis." the. publisher iri Charge. While he was away .tie dele-daughter to us, that sh> had frequently heard 'h|Mfather .say "Hoebulualtays get alorjgwith the rt-d!*las,|)d-to manifestationi of their charity and patriotism in otherInhabitants mostly of German origin, many of whomarsndd'sg much to the wealth of our beautiful place by oi a generous deed now. Let our noble matrons come prefer public plunder, to legitimate private profit. pjess el the metropolis. There is no reason why ex-instances will dcbtlesB actuate them to tho performancepositive tojnry to country papers, as well as to thetoTo\Taa apiTOR OP THB MBW TOREFront the remarka BMde by you from timewith his two eldest sens and hat son in law, with theirwivea, filled the fi<st set. The MMtoian had orders for disposed call at their residence aud see for then lelvea thosomething lively, and off they went te right good earnest. condition of one who sided the eagle to spread ela wtngs. weekly, weekly, monthly n d semimonthly. It Is by no heap reetaarants, patronised extensively by Peorut and great fores,ofiARirr. While there are thontands .to our m'tropol s who are Mpie, and dawlptes M M froM I n saoM dtotent. proachable if hewlahea that position, bat when he in- onfortonntely to the same destitute circonn^anni asmeacB uncommon Io Me ram) papers die to their second .ttakans; drain the tower greggeries ef their "theussad At<T an eloquent aajtaattoaof thegratlflcatdulges to the gay pleasantry of jnth, he seems simple of the Territory, tt Is tte t u t ntonatjjpttae heart*d and ready to imitate anybody aroaod htm Prom „ j the erMy entered Utah. It M during the-*otabra- hispmttiou as a leader, such tasaUtarity would la moat cases be fatal to great etelms—"tamibirty breeda oon- ttsn ef 1SS7 that Br'guam—then Governor Young—tirst u-mpi"—net so on the occasion I refer to. I felt satis- heardof UMedeneeof the United Statestroops. CM fied while I stood gazing oa the man whomthose mentioned to the abon note, the peculiar facto al- ludedLto appeal so strongly, not only to philanthropy, but to patriotiam, that we were todnced to obtain More minute particulars than are embraced to the communieA-The statistics usually paraded by ountry i papers ivillzed upper mTtm of iitetropolltaa life.newn wan unexpected. What anight otherwise have be- some intensely haw and others inteusely love, tton of our correspondent.that he had the effvtion of the people, and hia joy We accordingly visited the Uoeelit* named, wjhleb teone sawae a snbjeflt of apprehension, was by one of Brigturn's aatmed to grati y them more than tbetr own enjoyment. of the streets near the Bast river, and, n making Inqui-It is stated that MM reason why some of the rural prin- tad which threatened to anas a famine, BBnini 1 relative to their numbere, influence, &e.,fte., are found ters a w » s a v a g d i abuarve of Mayor Wood te that many have care fuUy studied the onwdllhm of Kansas, an theon investigation to be only equalled to fWeebooi by UM ef tbemi having, 'to their pei»grtontlon here, b e nstatements man* by the conductors of their Circula- brought to the police stations for drunken aess or other banks of Its rivers and on lto high aad rolling prairtof, tion. *There are many charitably disposedNe|w York Offences, he hn often to thektodnen. oTtebjnrt,tot nd Ian happytoheabMtosnore you that abashthatlem eft" with a email fine or reprimand, at which they has been said as regards the ability of the peoptotosua.1missue, and a classification of their political proclivities isrendered difficult by the fact shot the principles ofc'ne tenths are purchasable by the highest bidder-nrd redey e," and retire to some delectable retreat laiby or Howard street. Whn they return ante they be felt in perfermtog what he regardad as a dutyieii their Anders what u utter stok eg poButlonJtow finding himself face to toee with the people ef Kaasas.bo ork is. and fancy they hftyesen the highly refined, referred to the drought whin had afflicted the Totrnry,country—and which is greatly diminishing whatever fee-Ihe worst purposes any education they may possess. SBB, securing him, from our own observation, that it Matthis class of individuals the HXRALD te of course par- tend as fertile as ever the sun shone upon, a climate ae culaxlyobnoxious,becauseitthorooglycomprehendsetr selfish manoeuvres. Very often they forward to it genial as ever quickened health aad strength to men. IfBtrciigth of this historical fact aad a few other such in-stances, the rural journalists, at least every second week,devote half a columu or more to Informing the pubi-cthat printers are, tm ntPemitaU rei, all very we nderfu lyendowed men—so that the eternal country priutjer has toilal—had some recognition. Such persons feel all theitem ef prete ing news is brought in at a tote hour, or when some important M?3. strays into their omens fromtrato, and whom, living they dared not cope with.onh accord," It te well done. Down with free lorn, so as you inly save negro capital " Now, have you ever tHpped to inquire what capital Missouri had to stoves at that time? Missouri bad then 1^22 Africans to bond-of the Scuth and of tbe North would have believed that, j aftfer the c."ttal« <f New York ntd Pennsylvania should be i "Pitocd. alter Bteanihoote should be put upon the rivers,after the totegraph should have been perfected, and wtcn the schoolmaster and the Christian missionary were abroad, that they CJ-.M. by making Missouri a stove State in 1>:». make Kcesas a stove State forty yearsmetropolitan pape:-s, which are to realit^v their best f. ituls, l avc they got.- They havo got slavery toto Mteseuri and ir-j ca.iy into New Mexico and I'tatt, and freedom establtehed and cnivrrsal over tbe whole Pacific ©oast. That is what comes of trying U> bjid up the decrees of Prorl' dence to bands of hem? aad rtov fabricated by hamanskill. Why did it £ail> 11 ia:ic.i for the simple, ..eaeoc j that sccictj las its rights and its neccnittos. It te joat as necessary that men should inove out pi. Messs-.tiusetti, of New Fork, ef Ohio, aod Indiana, and Illinois, aad even .j Missouri, toto the West, ss :t is necessary teat Kansas I and other Territories of the West should receive thett when they come. It is nocessary that the ezilai of [Europe ahoukl have a place where they sughi I an out the culture of the grape. There will, nothing happening forward and help one cf their own number, remembariag i^fu r ^ p ? p t r i**-!- *U i U o W v n n t w l t t n t itoiBpice, cJarge newspapers should not be taxed with posto^. i be "periectly free'' to have no slaves. (Laughter.) S-tg-Snt to the trape, be made this year probably not lean than that "Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain while the hybrid of&pring of Beaver Street has twice the Af itapets worth having at all are worth pavtog postare ' He argued that the cemser.uence of making Mto>oan «nJttttMirr for sn hour, would picU each other'spoakets, cotemporaries. The paper is conducted with a viow to *w. to use ad Irishism, both would be found etnpty..the convenience of the proprietor, aod anything save re print, and spasmodically couceivei local iteaw, coached to horrible English, ia generally tabooed by these wonder- ful village jourualtoto.mercy." .let the young ladles contribute from their mendacity of the old Atlas, without its adroitness in of, and the «be lition of the ^ree exchange humbug, toe I slatfi State was to d'vert emiprat' « tote tte Nortiwejt 10 000 gajtons ef w i n to this town, worth probably bounty. "Large charity dotn never soil^ but only msklhg it* fictions plausible, or the ancient effrontery of fiinklng pTl»llegc%.ahd all forms of tbc deidliead system, em States and Canada, and said that there were ponte«f Ihe Jtormon /*n>j>arf—Increafc of fas PofultUim, and then stopped .'or want of names and figures.We have written a detailed account of this romarkableberaiisdthey Lorrew frotu than ad Ulitum and never rerjiay I kansaa, and freedom toto Kansas, toto Nebraska, praelii ^ r a n w S T f i fHO.OGo. Our town, te other respects, is to a floorishtog whitens soft wUte hands,'' Our military cbnmaiieand 'the Argus, without its Cromwellian pluck. Neither of laese is? «he flrst step to a cheaper rata of postage, Morrovtc enobgh now In Kansas to have made Missouri a fr atc"|Pto«Plaeethe conditior—twosteammills,onedistillery,twolarge•Jfjbto>'which« Ptaylagthe breweries, ail with good prospects.drom bito We have new a prospect of Mill further graatne«.volunteer organizations may easily and should papersplacesthetruefactoofanyquestionbeforeits if;iheconntoyP'.t|x-rshadfewerexebangrstheywouldjState. But.ssiihe,ifrssourideesnotwanttobengrethave spirit enough to take up coatributimvi, readers,butmutilatesorignoresthereportsof.thegathor- digest tbeir news better and evince more originality. >tate. ShepreferstobenstoveState. Thisteasadensand ff each individual will bestow but a trifle irgs and spewCawn of its political opponents, and grinds Tfey resd over each other's drivel until whatever sanso for Misaocri, but not by any means a hopeless cess. Kan-thee wmid swell the sum to an amount thtt the E»nte miserable party tunes, when the masses thai they may have originally possessed becomes confused. j sas, which atiSKmr! to the fir.:t place overran and sub' iHro w threeroUowed by A fourJhttpb s-nith—perhaps I should « y Joseph II—who on the tth of April tost anumed the leadership of all thewill amply suffice for the purpose. An<i, flnaiy used to keep atep to them no longer keen timeated, n d then rcTased—for Tirtn&Uy the alone has n :i ted—to admit ber toto the American Union, te today opening the i-ortaon her suuthcrn and western bonto-slet our merchants, tradesmen and mechanics forget forthe moment the claims of politics upon their purses, analremembering only the claims of charity, assist to xild forgetful of or blind to the fast that U t e ^ r e b fA FIELD KOB EXEROKTIC atF.H.re are some persona who have a ta)ent for roling ;0°^ ?»•»«>«whoepposedthemovwant,but room,thewarmestcurtains,thefreshestflowersandnaA fenrlte; anther says:—"Give old age Arc pretBi-tog Ignorance and rapacity from the places ibey , WhueInlandpaperscannotcompel''withmetropo-jeveryfreeStategrowsrich. * * • *season with choice extracto from old SaWnawhiVtdefWt toT~^!!?l.whet*Uldll0*8t1on ^»s tirst agitated? nesce, the bnt arm chair by the fireside, the privileged moguines and school readers. * j|uiftpJsntoajitbescaaesaadgroup3 to whichago cti ta !t gle. S o n is the proper frame and setting for tCsThesmaller papeji devote their attention chief)vto local items, paying particular attention to the ottol con business, to which so-noof them are supposed to be well posted, A pig run over on State street, a eat that has made too much notoe the previous evening on the editor's woodshed or an old woman who ban- test a fovorlte ancient umbrella, are Utemes for naif column articles. Taking the Albany Teaw *. » unit,itfurntohes,ifareflexofAlbanian tone avoLvUiifianpresses,theyranbuildupabn-lr.es?of their own,> In»j'.«--ctoorseives wewill benome.soonerorlater,to ] osatdtoon of tbe whole continent of North Amirlci,latptnatfidor march to their sound. On the contrarvhave sued the Mayor of that city for a serenade they ewnhim UM spring, on the oecaaioi of bis election. ThUi to bod, but the ttupidI pelitictan, the corrupt lobbytoto and wantonness, to any political Ubetrttoe who will pay for slavery is ever to be discontinued and the people of thea novt 1 salt, any way it b. regarded, whether the Mavae the Bel satiafiod editors themaelree. In fact, tho £ £ ? then The sooner the nuisance te abated the better for slave States are to be protected, you are the very macUntitlekctirderedtheBusic or th* b»nd luruished it voh tari'yThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ed DocumentOasstoy I late peter Cegger only two papers to alnany whichcontrynewanr*rb»toMa. B a n i n t t s w M » n n i B - preM. Inthisdptotoa1fuUycntocide,having, fr«a|lon tel h^evstVB. theeditors areboughtover bythetocnlobeermtlon of its n a m , srrlnd nt the cnclteitoa that It Manutotnas of the most aggravated description. The following facto, which I have collected to n y tote^aourn with it, now extending over n long series cf yetra n d embracing every section of the Onion, reveal a conditionyearly passes to say nothingof journalism so groveiltog andrettea tbnttteiilttoult any of lto officers and directors, mend down to a Speaker or a Paige.tobeltoTethntptappltoito the pintofncontrjrhoM>t-j^uffthlmsclveabluewithmdlgeatlblefoodatthe IVTMen s^sefwaaanawfnl BBntvsaawaawPanayawnaarBavaVVJmerchants who are paying what, to the aggregate,amounts to a considerable sun for advertising to provtoctol papers claiming circulations of one and two thousand copies, that do not really get the benefit of o|ie-thirdof those amounts, to say nothing of "exchangee,'' tran- orth alone. Although the Empire Btete te eminent for hausiion of the toil by drought. You will, I Ma rare,indignant, of course^THE BCBAL PBBSS OP THB 80CTH. famine to Kazan There te already capital and credite rural printers and eoltors BonUrnre Yankeee by birth, discouraged. There are cattle enough on these thousandWhen Oio printer eJitor himself composes a puft'ofsame bar tfcat! n I treated or trusted him. or some ver- abuse them. Tom Marshall, of Keatncky. has well de- the government of the Unit-:d States, to 1829, to have givension is jjnade lend to the prevlvrtal journal, whicu fattens of the measure was Rufus King ia tbe Senate of the UnitedHates. Rufus K ng, honored among the statesmen of tho Revolutionary age aod among the statesmen of the coawti- luticcal ace, established then a new and even higher tit a ' the gratdude of hte cotntry and of naankind. Be raisedwarning voice an.1 said to them, "Slavery in MissouriOn thei* labors, a temporary prosperity—a glitter that ts not the less brilliant because transitory, and none tha !• JBrcjmrkabte because springicg from a sal necessity.ft is time the close' of geotlcmeei to whom we refor— £iot.!l to numbers, but composed of the world's best m vat home or reoognitlon abroad. Tucy* want, to adsion, character is money.Above all things, our raral conleinporaries sliouM steerclear of their worst foes, the politiCiACB. To supporo any-thing ran be made cut vif country editors by the pollti-i i*n8, or vie rerro, is a'»siird. os either of them, tf b xcidLet tho rural r'inter get over their toKane jealousy of Bfufrward*. Now too ouesticn is a'J decided, and whatplace themselves in a position that talent and energy • 4*H«I, which is engaged In the work of making r o M a S . live country jocrnate, for the people to tha provinces, sad and this the very soil n which tte supplies and sal-,| ttain themselves has hen exaggerated. There will be no \www.fultonhistory.com~of the anti \le*d persuasion out of old Know < £ ^ m ? ^ for the muse of American civilization.j and the A«M,rd, whtob hae storieddefend than muM be raised : and yst dices to defendyour lawgiverstetonmgS l L S i !OXK WHO KKOWBhave thoughtit would te 