 l$MMi>yWhat becomes of all this water ? Were not the calculations based on a most ^liberal allowance to each of a larger number'of in- habitants, or is every creature in the Metropo-mimbrr nfties have come over from'IliipAOalumbia, 1Hako^di,prospectdefeating that to be—quantity by factories, the use of a metre has shown in almostoji "hypothesis, ".,Who willor howcan anybodybe electedever>'consumptionof from 30 to 50per« to jproietiing, but whenshare their in-The masswould are as this circular imply,mental Glty._'.Surgeon Mcbbat will return to Baltimore, aad im- saluteand Asslstaiit-SurgeonCsAaiisSurrais asslgneij•to, iUmi j eitoidaj lonirtlyThe BefinnlBK of the End.The most intense anxiety prevails as to the Mississippi all the aqueduct could carry,It lauurf <B a* Mas mmmm. fiio*. te wnm«i.theyThe dignity of BooLC is evidentiy touched.BzelteaMMthe Uewin—]Sep«i(e4 Kewtmk.iiw OAuroBHuthe genera] health and comfort of cities andPrince<fe BaU.rtoterge towns. But no sooner does this first principle of civilization asstmie the practical afcape of costly water worics, suited to the prospective wants of our growing towns, thanU^uttUrik Mtum.t* taaUNMd to th(''PabadwnVlw |Mr-T<«Ottr.'wag, no doubt disappointed in his We mentioned the other hisscruples«klftt' tOwiarr rSEAtWX-^tn Wonn or thiIMraflaiiaa'dll^iattnttSB ontiide was one aS the largestTPiHWfnnikint in Fbikdelphia tel<»— which the croscopic mind might discern some faint success. increaseswithtiiesupply athirstThe other speeches were quite as feeble and Father of Waters could scarcelyquench. quality of fun in a lesson on costume,the curtain was raised. andchairshadtobeobtainedtofillthe aisles,orpas-sages, through the parquette, and the vacantfromof SupposeLincoln. But what has existed as to the of water used manu- We make these remarks the— large room of Nlblo's Saloon is an attractive featureamusements at the presenttime. Ethi-fajMlf nn unwilling to carry out the provisions ofithe treaty with the United States, in consequence wliat is to be the next step ?instance acent, more than represented by the consumer."The PeuuylvaBia EleeltaB— menta, &c.AnBy•««.ofwhichshewasunabletoprocurea cargo. AH be elected foreign coins passed only at a discount of fiftyMetropolitanper cent. Tl^ Japanese had concluded a newthey propose'.wtth FortngaLOur pomspiDildent at Great Bait Lake City sendstreaty" "elite of New-York from rushing to a ball the management of Messrs. Hoolxt and Campbell a The State Department has addressed a iattar ofns a of Utah news to Sept. 14. The Disunionists have method in their smninaryin goloshes, tartan waistcoats, Tweed sacks, far higher degree of excellence than has before beentheypeople folly.reallytoap-— ^MHMteairitowaaiii any way ajmosed by them,expectthe de-'.payers,ficiency ?age rather than prevent wasteno limits to waste. The Spring floods of theIrom Richmond tils prevented;action.ought to protest against putting them toknowledgein the of Defartaeatand did not reach Balti- numvntU t oVloefc mt nUiL owing to a deten- tionontherailroadbeyondWaaUngton. Acrowdhorseback, agard duringview of ^e country from thereof of the ear- houseMayor." «*lMOBfbrthe"Infents'Home,''didnotmeetwtihnor willthe Presidential ticket.* .oKk&I' Jivor and was referred. A report in favor Bbi ftieets, waa adopted.If Fostkbshould beThe Be- euue cutterHarriet le ad Lan» tuia iMtof Councilmen, a resolution, to appoint a Special Committeeinterfere with the proposed have been made for the farthet poilpoMHMt'jif-il and we trust that the arrangements at Baltimore, telegraphed to the Gilmer MlnnesoM land sales, on the gnnailkik fK» ^ extravagance of the absurdity we have here House thaf as the Royal party would arrire quite late, are unable to make payasats te {mteifiian'parties iosDred, where it is shown thatand gratified by the honors which have beenmaterialcapital and aaaeUThe Prince, with ajaunty India-robbermisrepresentationsexerts a influence, both prodigiousandsupreme.cap slungpeople uncovered—so did he ; they che«ed vocifer-~oDrt ofOyerandState, upontheT^tte^triaJssubsequent dsT. Wie But they worked against die ctirrent. The are better thanoccupancy. greatti.em. ApariyofthemwentIntoPortFMBWNfi short time ago, and ran off 80 head ingtoD.E.Cohkollt. Theagainst the Navajoes havematchedIarraigned for mtuder,Octoberimpressed uponthepub-a.in useof Temlner met,over his leftshoulder, entered the Hall;themto Dfatrict- > begin husinesa in eameat, thetial contest In 1866 its effect will be remem- cases the cost of a meter in ttiree months. pay— of the Board of Aldermen last evening, there is a hitch be- tween the Executive and Legislative Depart-Mo., Monday, with dates»««*>'BAa»jal caae brtiOMV for trial was that of the noteddefeat neers oftheB^olABaaainOctoberwasnotonly isnotonlythemosteconomical,buttheonlyAcomfortablebedwaspreparedforhim,andifhe rendezvous.Qoorti ttfi^lfmAan, the princi-measuringthedelivery,„„.- The election for members of tbe Houf* ^*«»^sentaUves passed off quleUy. J- A- ""^^^TIjm-,cmigiant bMHIW***** a*>per, Jobn E. Ek. XKW, ebai«ad,fi <lka tee«r the indictment, inbut was also to aconsidernbte extent the cause, of a similar water m(o towns and cities. Then no personin the Governor's Boom of the City HaU, preparatory to meeting the Prinee of Wales, who is expected to arrive from PfaDade}|diiaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069is not well suited It's his own &ult.He didappropriationnow,bepossible in that event, onAffl^JMBpAliiwIeilflteiDO'BntoftheJapanese wiUKniaaar, waa voted down, and a motirai to tecon-attFMWa Idit "^iMmnt invited the Board to unavoidable. It will be wSfewWilSiin tfaanewticn of the Prince ofINlea, fant no aedaD waa taken upon the communi-likegas,bypassingthrougha meter. Thenexposed mayton-MtioBbeddea reeding it.The Board adjooined toverydifficult, in thekeptofsettlers, have tkataasM of a credit year'softhey partook Washington, Ihey drove Breckinridge and Doug- draw thousands of gallons a day, and then civilization, we do protest against the very directl^to the d^pot of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail-ppMBiB wiO bestfaudatadto new exerttOM,— for the einlwii ii cu brii«,Xii^ lUeibwu uw,—^.^ »VeUa-wU aMtt to daeftatoPilMm te two Vteywnbe incited to perfect their coaHtiaB, here if it wen only ordered by responsible In 0» Btgalinft". Aid. Bo»u, ndio dktbgnish-yeai»,«»ae«wled«> »»*•«<» Uieaif. ^The Stock Market opened nnder some depres- sion nateiday, bat snbaequenthr tecorered inindtoprepcrelbrsiiniehniore Tigoroos and el&ctive contest next tine. If, on t^e otherparties.We are boiUiag and planning works toemptySales <rf firat-claas bUls at 10>V <:'"' ^nn B*"' ***byfinishingAim is steady on the Specie avetage, with a farther success, aad ^111 not be able to effect any Park and completing the paving of Broadway. then declared that if the Mayor should presentdecrease of a millioa and a half in Loans and Dis- connts.union either among themselves, or with the Bell and Brerett men. They 'will have nohis bin forception,any expensesincurred in tliis re-is mncb poUtiotf <The transactiona in Floor, Wheat, Cotton andStigar were eztensiTe, indicating an upward ten- motive for exertion, and wiH maintain only dency in the market for each. Com was more the appearance of a contest during -the re- freely offered, and was heavy. Provisions were mainder of the campaign.— 1^iI Mill 7"as were also Metals, Oils, Xaval Stores, Cof- ?ueiee,t1,folas8es and Whisky. Hay, Hops and Bice wereindemand. Theslightlyincreasedclaimsofshipowners tended to check Freight engagements.The Fusion Meeting.The meeting of the Coalitionists last nightwas a very large and imposing demonstration.It was one of the largest political gatherings we have erer seen in tliis City, and was dis-CkeafWater.It would not be easy to exaggerate the im-portance of a boontiftal of water supply purePrince on behalf of the was sent at City onlythe request of the City authorities, (made by himseU;) to which no official response had everSomehopes of ddning' among the starry elect of dayNew-York attiognished by a very marked degree of cnthn-n saiGws— siasm. It would have Been singular if the gineers areuptm his more fortunateHe has contrived (probably through theSi^aeial SivatokAaoos.mercenaiy yellow-plush)seen inyears. OfbqynsiaiUiaMCjii»«i^|^^^M»lomeeting had not been large, for it embraced voirs,three political parties not only of this City, isbut of Brooklyn, Staten Island and Jersey City brated the introduction of tliealso. As a popular demonstration it was aU exhaustible Croton; what is the hydraulieFiioli—Tn the most sanguine friends of the movement condition of- jBlnV%BUnD(-Vn'ViH. its streets andhousesto-day?the tenor ofwhich is^lll^ldMfTiMarcould have desired.Hie speedies, however, were by no means that were to throw their full streams to ware-exjie'nsesprivyor friionwir.Committee,cruelly insulting to the flower of our fashion, purse." that we should not be at all surprised, in case"ir»the inunediate event which engrosses their attention, are exultant overindicates an of wit.atticlooking beyondscarcelyabsolutelypun-— President ?beofopian minstrelsyHow dothe real perils that will attend an election, ora charm which the wise can ac- only-to surmount an attempt at election, by the House ? Themadness.SpecialDispatchtothaMowToik WASBnoTos, Mmday, Oct. Lto the ultimate results of the action they are proposing to take.whattrying of costumes.that most If the elite of New-York,in the contest and the pro^bable effect of theirbecoming peculiaritiesopponent.Fostfe,isthem facilities to*ofcoUeeted at the to him on result of the Pennsylvania election to-day. under boiler pressure, could be poured into Wasbtegton d£|iM greathiscomprise the list of Ills mond.tile passage through, and on his arrival in Balti- more he was received with considerable enttmsi-We shall witiiout doubt be able to announce itof faucets which be left open in the housesOur present system of water-rates offers noat the city ofRich-in to-morrow's Tnixs.ratic entertainment last night, but he arrived too be decisive of the Presidential contest, espe- of this city.asm. HisHighnesswastohaveattendedanJtisgenerallyfelt togarment, choking scarlet inFt. ThelatteroOcervrtU receive instracttonsfisaa by peculiar the Surgeon-General at WasUngton.late. HeleavesBaltimoreforPhiladelphiaatnoon to^J-if It results inaThe main contest is for Governor. The fee-SurgeonCoouikiswIUberelievedfittmdutyonIke1st of December In the oSoe, aa< Surgeon-General'swill of the proceedtotheHead-doarters Departmeatof and for as Medical fmi- Califonda, npart dutyat Oeof .Aldermen had a aBj^anuoukmsmeetinglastevening. TheMayorinwtad the Board to "assist" in the theJMaeeof Wales, requesting them to meet at the Oovemor's Boom on Thursday, at 12 M. forpossiblelight-coloredtt^-Boaidlongand unusu-ope-tyrannicalren in the Japanese days,Thefeature. Atremendousandflood-like showerofrainciallyRepublican victory.publican candidate is Mr. Ccbtin,Col.a coalition of thekid Seriously,render fusion onwhat the Opposition can doiif unitedcame too late, and the t>ounUful dinner previously prepared awaited theircoming.An admirable Police forcethereo were well guarded. At 6H to private ttttj.accomplishedit will be observed, that the provokescircular was in truth necessary to prevent the;circular themisahoax. Wearelothtobe-Ifiill,competitors. he to his He adopts avenge personal wrongs.the reservoirs are bat halfonlya few that New-York cele- yetuu agoaifllMr^iSirthreatening aqueducts, engines—win vote for no— Fountains as dry as' the desert ^hydrantsised topayall theout of hisiMttlit^of the "under no consideration canMVlttd <MCIift tf 'fteOeeper Instititte lest %veu- despondent. He thought that if the fusion Department to check the enormous drain on mitted with bonnete." He then goes on Mr. UiLHAH wlU, no doubt, echo this complaint,nriciB meeting wa* held in- Their whole tenor was apologetic ,andbe ad-*rMiitqwBtopNeUe. Ifr.JobsitaJ.Hkhbt,Od "of the ForidD Comntttee, repotted the tiekat ecreed upon, wUch wasgretted that it was not constituted diiTerently-,works was exhausted—worksSai aappear in evening dress, viz. :black trowsers,much-injured"season"atalaterday. MeanwhUe„our stars rise upon the Prince in Phila-theDouglasmenhavetaken'alani;ingabieak. Unlsn oan be tbeyports acknowledging the utter inabilitytheyI wonder what I was begun for."extraordinary degree, ranging from 130 gallons to 1,075 gallon? per day."heIn most instances, where a difference of opinionyoucanobtain muchin- LEO.Again '•says:And there are plainer evidences of waste than these. How many thousand people in this City draw a barrel of wafer to get a cool tumbler full to drink? How macy thousandanyhypothesisattendingit al-and the en- ns with new reser-and taxation. Itassistance ofto insinuate aby himself into the same withsocopiousenvelopesthe "invitations" issued to the GeneralThe People's Pa^iettfnsuccess, offering freely to back oftSOOwasmadethisi^emooaonjorltv for Cvsmi ;a Democrat on five thousand for. Genoa, hot i 'ima nottaken. This evening the tiest aSen tbia I •«and in-figureAnmsemencs.BUennrs maiUM—AttKnaoB sal XT«Blaa-Jo- exception pointless and spiritless,—entirely penurious drippings in the second stories of being beaten to^death with mauve-colored Tlie Opera House closed definitely last night hear made by the Foster men are fSS to $lSS,ore^»twith a fall and fashionable house, assembled to speedlacking in practical aigtunent, and dealing only dwelUngs, and the dry whistle of air entering gloves, or strangled with perfumed pocket- the parting Pawi. The fair songster, now upon the lo four.ISHE^WS Of* THB DAY.propose coming" epitaphequal to the occasion. They were without house tops, 'Scarcely able to expand a hose ;- the author shall be discovered, to hear of hiscondolence' aref^her had become decidedly cool, and people They have a clear and well-defined plan of faucets are left open all night to pre- wide-awakes and comforters, it is a attempted in this line of entertainment has l>een high tribute Is paid to the social iiniynlfllJftlfcMl)wemiMg&iniiigtothink aboutpreparingforWin- —tat. nerehad been much stormy weather, ac- operatfons, and a defeat of an election byvent tlicm freezing? How many thousand small but industrious leal;s, thoughtlessly if not purposely opened in our distributing sys-reached. It is removed from any approach to vul- garit>'. and may be witnessed by the most fastidious.ilies of the late SenorSeiior Lisdsa,^ BtaxiliBn'winds and thunder and light-is but onein thecompanied by high. nj^^ ' (^ tfaaSnnday previous to the date of ourthe People oaMasfOident's letter, Bbiohax YonNO had programme bystep which theirsystematicbeen issued.Nothing under the Heavens,Bfinister, leaves here' d a sermon to the Mormon ^tt^chemaking uprnrining awaythey to the sew-and and unhappymissionary „ dUers, in which he positively forbade their sending or bringing home any finery of any kind, or their cominghomeasmerchants. Whentheywereout aoKmg the Gentiles they must confine themselves returned they could gofo spectuating. It will be noted that notwith- stenlingaU the pretensions of the Government, tha Monnona have succeeded in getting everytliing in the' Tenttory pretty much their own way. JUMW ul fta Federal officers sent out, only oneXknioaBJW die Pastmaster of Bait Lake City. i'NflKFiiMse'af Walea left Mrhmnnrt at an earlygoverned.moreuncouth than a man who needs to be toldare But our Northern Fusionists seem to be content to play into their hands, withoutWe do not believe thedifference or their recklessof our citizens are not accustomed to votingwithout some regard to the principles involvedunless itbea in giraffeanopera-box,canbeTUE PRINCE ATBAIiTIMOKE.to-morrow for New-York.The Administration is investigating the c^neagiving thoughtagainst a prominent ofiidal, of having been trtMiJi^ been^dB:«r,iThe Democracy here ate de^Min^Ing a? to the re-sult in Pennsylvania, and large bets are offered against FoSTxa and not taken.Lieut. Col. Csmantia has relieved Uai. Rsfr ia the command of Fort Union and the ttte regtaaMLA of the rearrangementproceedingsin number whattem, andlose in volume, areers with the noble stream that pours overAnd sincerestraint, short of absolute measurement,eveningdressis, wearingbe nowhile wanton waste costs tlie miscellaneous^^IHHUHigh Bridge?thereeffectivetoguilty the sentence will be. "OkmAim be*iL"rof servants no more than care and dence, however much it may cost the tax-inpear eveningdress for the first time at theSpecial Dispatch te the New-York Times. Baltiuoxe, Monday, Oct. S.bodypru-IMnce's ball, they will present so piteous aspectacle that for the sake of the nationalour sewersthepeiveoperations— supported by their dwellings furnishinggloves?"videdthembytheExchange,of whichhow do wethrough might easily enoughto makeAn increased supply will encvur-—breakfast,Babtbolot mnalns atand relieves Surgecm Baut as medieal oCeer Mtet post. SurgeonBAarrelieves SuigaonKniaatAtta- querque, whorin turn reeves Surgedn SuAB at Swtscheck to, any amount of waste. —and his Charging people for water by the size ofin "renderingtheirpromptarrival at;such a test.a company of Indian chiefs incoats can ttiink without a shudder of four hundred inexperienced pale-faces struggling for the first time with the angularities of the samethe pufly folds of the unaccustomed white cravat, and piOoried, like Boole and his breth-upthere can bename of ourthatpurpose. Theinvitationwasaccepted,bythe lasDemocratswiththeBellandEverettParty. chargingthemforasmanyhundreds,because wantonnessofconcern,anxiety,excitement, way,wherecrowdsofladiesandgentlemanhad porttotheSurgeon-Generalinthiscityforoidars.^^receptionand in theaverage m on arrival at route, and,veyor for Callfbmla and Oregon, taking post Benlcia Barracks.closevoteof7to6,butarescdutiontoappointa Ifthelatterisbeaten,therefore,itwillseemtheirhousesoccupyacertainnumberofcubic distressandcommittee of five (offered by Alderman Boole,) tocooperate with the Mayor, was laid on the table, the reasonably certain that the Republicans have feet of space, is as absurd as it would be to to liave become chronic with our peo- of His Royal Highness. There is no doubt that the duty in the Surgeon-General'sdebate on the question calling forth some left-handedceW Hments to the An extrathe State, especially as there is no such fusionthem for charge gasinto theirwhenever a distinguishedNovember, inasmuch as sible method of ascertaining this quantity is remarkable circular to measure it, or rather, let it measure Itself,;requiredwere made of The,October election in Pennsylvania al- authority referred to above states also, thatdie Oonpany. with a reso-the price of the difference of water estimatedbestowed upon themselves, gn.^waysin and without thatwith-Presiden- and that really consumed, would in many upon their Sovereithrough themHirH^nadjtorIn-*— ready, and the Coarthad after it, aad gallant Btruggle,-it is true. rally expressed the belief that poor metersto a'lalarge numberofind&tmentsweretoS^PTM*'- Numerous eaaeaJjWO<«el Sessions. In thatandran up the stairway and vanidied Into the Itixurloushavmglour cases TM ofThi Boabd or Aldwuiik and tkk Mayob.he ously—smiled, bowed,loUoindbyhissuite,**'^'^bered. "TThe Republicans endeavored toLondon, the water departments have gene-tea A cararaisn agahist the Indians has iattaid^instance, however, the coonael fijr> defence was not to made arallyult., arrived this evening. The prepaiallaae not—,defeat hadlic mind the certainty of a Democratic victory,not andthetideooold beturned. Theof thethe preoiKaor,of introducing chei^i aggrieved by paying more than hisP.M.,not ratah the City in season to bear Colsos'selected to fill the vacancyof Judge, occsnnirr—rTsrypracticable methodproportionage pledrolis amongstrangerthem. If New-York had never ington, whose reception and entertainment of himDispatch to tha Asaeeiatad Proas. WaSHiaaeoa, Monday, Opt. &.^^ 'any;v«farkipeita]it change in the grade of Canal and elected, on the other hand, it will be claimed waste, is to charge each hoase with the water the world were united to one or two European Lord Ltohs, ascertabilngthat the delays on the Vir- night, and left this morning fiir'jor complexion.The only reasonable method of preventing seen a ball, or if all the social Experience - of were in marked contrast with those at RichmoftJ.by the Republicans that this is no fair indica- Railroad wouldMew Tctki Numerous and urgent, but llieBw lint, ibyr to send for persons and papers, there will be no such fusion then.tion of the result in tStl&iHpii'tnMl^nl'^tbeindefaiedness of the City But the success of the fusion ticket nowhurarieaa — ofed lilwwrtrlTf of the Japanne Com-mittee, the appointiMBtar xOon- proposedcloetog Aedealfagswas hand, the Bepubiicaas are 'Tiotoriooa, the the Croton River into Kew-York Bay, a scheme mittee of Hn' teM^MMa Witht flto Mayor in ttjnpwrrfprices^Setmnla. Consol* 88|. Brie 88 «r cent. The Presidential contest will be substantially de- whicli, however magnlfioent, is quite unim- the reception of the Efeir Apparent, but this stl^slfrth, he«owlpotaiDnr«4»ifc^r2Smarket for Money is ateedT. Bxchanga kwet. cided. The Democrats will have no hope of portant compared with the Central—'downtweire to and he patlontofhe eqjoymM^tts WtWttafcSJ^,^''^ three,out to those who are wilUngto pay ibr it, and to abandon the scheme of letting it run uninter- ruptedly through our City on its way to theocean.The Tailors on the*0<aP^HU.^lBM»^lliltMi iiiom« in those empty generalities which satisfy no a vacuum, in the upper raoms manufactur- handkerchiefs. In this document our anony- wing once more, sang her sweetest tn the riU of Gen. FVisna, Senator Bimia, Mr. Wtanr, *<0W- ;man's judgment, and express no positive and ers taxed for water to an amount almost equal mous Theodore Hook avails himself of the op- Linda, and of course everybody pretended to be lector of the port of BoMoa, aul a Ian* |M»<ofdistinct Gen. Dix opinions.presided,as the to snub all fenA* Gotham dreadfully distressed that the "season" had come toto the rent of their buildings ; news coIuiiinB portunity by stating an end. This, is always the way with everytmdyClerks from the Departaeaii at town. Thevearn*wiflithe the election of BtonnaAS aai Congress, hot appear to havethe Governor.special representative of the Federal Admin- filled with to appealstitizens to refrain that all the ladies who; oflicial; season" may justly complain, with the babegood istration. His remarks were especially tame. from the excessive use of waterbut re- to the Prince's Ball must understand that in theticket bad I>een nominated eariier, it would the reservoirs. More than ten years ago we to inform all gentlemen "not entitied to and we trust that it will rouse hira to make some It being understood to.day that^S^ji^l 1- Ite. PttetiWMtar of tUs City, was have had a fair chance of success. He re- were told that the maximumcapacityof the wear uniforms, " that they will be expected to effort of a serious character for doing justice to this secured the hearty coOperatian cf-i^—and thought that, in spite of the objectionsdesigned much larger population—and that sufiferingblackr ratified hf the <liw, endyhe Com- urged against t^em, coalitions were sometimes would inevitably follow an interruption of the cravat, or white waistcoat and black cravat, newly come, are waiting madly" for their spheres. As Iandniad fiar the pnipuee of edruiciiig the perfectly justifiable. If this is aB the Adminis- water And at this time we are (the former preferable,) and light colored kidofdMtleket.supply. pay-tration has to say in support of Fusion, it can- 'Ttig for a reservoir of enormous cost and mag- gloves." Now, this would be a very good joke,intimated almostopenlyadvisedttedeseitluaofHuiast laaUnionq>eeches Jaiob W. ^Biju>, BAMnL J. Tu^Msaaiuss.—The ofthisTheatrewas managerStrongsorely in the task of"jOVoifox, J«nt CooHBAn, Hiuji not claim to be very thoroughly in earnest, or nitude, to be drained like the rest, by the re- perhaps, at the right time and in the right providing seats for ladies who, with the gentlemen ten here by FoaviT, tlie fri*TidT of Mr. Doveus areletter from Washington, signed, -bmiiiOBX E. ToHLiHgoi, and othen. make anybody believe that it is hopeful of morfieless demand for water—a demand wtiich place. It is possible that a generous and mi- accompanying them, arrived a few minutes before admonished that they are betag alaq^MHed Iqrrput to the test of last gallantrywitt-MAR and BaosaiAD, Democntic caaMaMs .te Cv-tltogHtteet e*nlteni><nt eiists in that ineffective. With the exception of Mr. Determining to profit by the experience of delivered by a Broadway tailor to an beyond the regular seats in the dress circle. This greas-in the First and Seoood J>i<ttiel< toiammjkwhich takes place'to 4^ election, O'Conor's, they were all written out and put audience of the townsmen of Hardscrabble, was finally done, but It was done with difficulty. favor of Edtabs Kiss andHaii Faua^ tlK BsUIw SCHe of FannsTlTania hMlay. Des- " " " New-Yoik, Boston attempted to insure thei"'«<tl9wiKrofmeeting. —printof her citizensand what do we complaintthere ?publishtfaejr -Woold The# pkbUA oaids, thti aAHMBB,:istenae interest.itUQif «f Mexico to the 17th,sermonappearedmagnificent personationnot eome down.th*and is rmorted to havei<iltiri^hi nrmpirn Qaeretaro assertedexigencyoftheoccasion. Gen.W.a.l-due to the cause of eaoses—• iriman 't ^^-i^ft,I am of theopiiilaii that weT^up locity what it could not furnish in volume,inten thou- acting that part. It has spoken for Itself, for the'made br all parties to in type, cheers," applause," laughter," most lavishof water for the wants bent on a Royal ball. But when a man's hu- Luckily the Lafarge Hotel was a bank ob which the candidates. The l>lg gnnsof thiiailj wen toaivhta areBtatb, and the tesult will be looked formanagement could run— Miss CHABLom CcsmcASbdog.We them just as they were sent to us, not at all,provisionmor or ill-humor leads him tofor chairs.j^MMand aH in advance of thei ymmOma*o tlw i8tlt of September, have we presimie, as they were delivered. In nei- immense brick conduit designed to carry an a fit and proper and necessary preparation of Meg Merriliea, and the announcement of that attrac- declaringHew-Odeans. Uaiufoir <ther form are they in the least up to the as-theeliteof New-York" for a ballgiven ex-case,least,thist—iWl CHnnodiHe had been prevented was som^hat more bombastic and less in- same excessive demand. And notaim Ae.Citr of Yen Cruz by the in- — ^it onlyC^ttfl,in ve-WA,l|ie IwaUty denumd from the conntry coo- make tlie Republicans responsible for senti-teemen of New-York in the meaning and na-MontheOovern- dry-dock at Hue Island, when one of the sections gave way, followed by the others, and in a ftfv rainntes the whole' dock was a complete &omwhich the ship was with difficulty astrinted. It will take several months""choker of the British waiter over the blackper- cravat of the cosmopolite gentleman, his drol-•' Btmi -Jaiatteamt waa made on the 22d toments and purposes which they have repeat- edly disclaimed in every possible and con- ceivable form.!CTot one of the speakers made any attemptiriMft&eBiititli 4up Terwufantlis washed and rinsed three times a day fVRMJk,,'''to vindicate the fusion movementTasisjbo'sHail Lecture Koom, Mr. FrizGiEALD Tasistbo will.any President,go jacket and gaiters.shooting-to repair the damage.ment of its practical workings.and' -cost $200,000Mirihqc .aecoontswe& as ficB the new Coro silver mines, were veiy encouraging. The ore from the latter assayedextract from the last—front Sbakesfeabe not ordinary recitations, be it un-from CarsonValley,asreport"vote the Democratie ticket bMBomnr. Ihave aeear«a state- Not one ven- tured to look at the condition of the countryabsurd that itIt is said on reliable authority that a number ofin theeventof Lincoln'sortousmen of New-York" to wash theirdistinguished New-Torket,ad^tii^thatdefeat,[dph. Glowing accounts also reach us from any assurance as to the possibility of electingaad British Columbia mines. There wfeataresin diepoliticalcampaignin From Oregon we learn that tue diffi-d»e Legislatiire had not yet been, adjusted. needs but little reflection to show that the' Tlie'S^nate continued adjourning from da^ to day real dangers and difllctilties of the Union will water used. The result has shown that theplay,^_,.'. liias a means ofsuccess- ofwaterusedbydifferentindividualsvariesinaveryindefatigablewithoutaquorum. Therewererumorsmrefer- enceto a fusion of the Douglas and Breckinridge man fcr the election of Senators, but nothing of a TdtaUAnataie. ThetwowingsoftheDemocracy bffiitik heU ConvAitians and nominated Bilec- tmlockets. A vessel had arrived at Victoria,Japan, ailer a the noofh's passage. She reports \having found the then ?begin ful.provedand to assume their rance of these things as the point of a joketo the principles on whichto a small dance in aTheMetropolitan ball should be supposed, like yesterday added a new attraction to his unrivaledcollection of curiosities, in the persons of the Siamese Twins, CHAK3 and Eso, and two of their children. To the rising generation they have all the attraction of novelt>', while those who saw them on their pre- vious exhibition, ago, in this City, willor asthe Government would be conducted. Itful not towhenfusionshallhaveNarrow and shallow minds, incapable ofto knowbygrotesquelying than it would be to advise all thepipe-giveDeficiencytheirtodetermlrtBton run: It Is taU titk;findon all sides; thefor the first timeand.ample supply when half fiili, compelled towork under a two-feet head to malceoftion was the occasion of the extraordinarily crowded house of last night We have nothing to say of her*'B.WfScWt^ •Kritid b; tiie ^aaiah aotlioiities, cans of -aggressive and incendiary designs to assist a new of mains mately witty, and subsides into an uncertainty or three melodramatic defects, one of the greatest tri- possible elect Bnua in the Dot,liAe matter of the condemna-BKiDoa laborsthroughavery long arrayof'ical third of thetraditionalupperpast eighteen yeats, before many thousands of peoplehaik' JCirta Comcepdan had stale misquotations, to convict the Bepubli- until it was burst from overpressure and at sand," the thing ceases to be even approxi- on each side of the Atlantic. It is, perht^s, with two delegation In Congress. ItItlGniBterwas sud to have advised «r IheJuanz Qoreimnent Thislast, it,system supplyumphs ever known.We must say tliat we have seen her better support-Second, Vxarn lo the Third. Jitfa ia ttetalh,which:tdftio*r doidit upon the statement diated and denied; and John Cochbanz City, and Brooklyn—so soon—inustrate theover which one hardly knows whether to laughortousestronglanguage.;theyhave over and overagain repu- ofextraordinarysize.Philadelphia, JerseyJmna In the Sixteenth. The Stghb,'fnAHRMtSfAlt. JAKTia, atthoogh the statement telligible than usual, which w^as quite su- would appear that luxuries generally will soonto thelaudator of Washikoton," once warnedSampnn. CHAaraAn.were " so-so" as Julia Mannering and Lucy Bertram. Seventh, Csmpbiu, In flie Bleveaft,Huala^'SeUSrvT^ Kaw-Odeanifts wk-bnt perfluous. Mr. O'CoNoa's speech was com- fMAjlilhnmlnpeit: Ihe &igliah Minister had mon-place in its topics and its treatment of"^^^"tto- aetthte for peace betwee^Juabxz n/Mi, Hit lib overtBres had been rejected.matelyimpossible to furnishplentyvice is just as sound for jesters as for chroni-the Pony Express, which arrived liomfk. on Soaday night, later advices from Ihelticifie. Bie Bipress left San Francisco on IteJMftadfL B»<iiiias llmii iimii infnilnil nii nlillthem, and added another to the mauy prooft he has already furnished of the fact, that aman may be a very great lawyer and a very small statesman. Its entire drift was toclers.cularThe fimny fellow who wrote this " cir- should have remembered that when heiVcayuae,beas cheap as water," but that ita.wUl ulti-ofMr. J. DuHH as Henry Bertram, was deservedly en- songAt the end of tbe second act, and of course, again at the fall of the curtain. Miss CasaaAB was enthu- siastically called for by the audience, and was led forth on each occasion, by Mr. Cohiaock. The playcannot bil to draw crowded houses.them of his own preference for the " white the character of King Lear at this establishment lastteentfa, MoPdknos in tbe-in the are to be Twenty-fifUi,there are tiopes ttist all fivestructure will tnmblei down. To aid aad avnt iagreat a calamity, manr'of the best artificers of bakbewater at any cost.We shall look in vain for satisfactory answers inall directions but one, and we have beennight. Thehousewaswellfilled,andtlietragedian received a warm reception fro£ hLs admirers.sistently looking in every other direction since waterwasfirstbroughtintoourhouses. Theof thewritten,whereon alone.reform can be preachedMr. Bkcitations.—At the Clinton parlies are sent to lataC -rfollowingI'urveyor of the Brooklyn Water Department, is one of a thousand texts, written- and ^n-and practiced";marvel,andBabndmhave been made to obtainof the result, but you must recollect that tlienot close in thisparts of the State they are held open until 7houfses,ascertainingquantity quantityCityuntil 8andIn a few instances meters have been set at privatethingsgencyAFFAIRS AT THE NATIONAI. HooiET and Campbell's Minstrels. The Diplenatic Mattera—A PaUdeal|wtiich goes into that house, and the only pos- courts, we could hardly have transcended this giniahave a wholesome effect inthe Presidential ticket the amount of water that people are willing ing down the minds of many good people, andthey would prefer|tea and meat, instead of dinner, aswithin the prescribed Vam.AcconUng to ta'dAsial stitsait Ite flacretatr f(will bedemonstration, to prevent a union. Whateverthey;back the impatient crowds who thronged the streets near the Hotel, andthe leadersinsist upon a fusion ticket.great people visit, as to the"wear impression"regardedasof and itto pay for will be a veryyoungtheU If notmiy attempt, tlie rank and file wiU This wiU be thetheo'clock the music of the band announced Ms comingIn tte ten^oM Conit afSpedal Term an impor-trat iaaMSeacMB was yesterday argued beforeJaadM BnORT. Xht point in controversy iswbettarw-ttittteIMiactOEBofaMutualInsurance inevitableandthemostimportanteffectofa theamountofwaterthat CompuoT >n Hable for ioases sustained by Republican defeat to-day. will not bedresses whichare totheythey hope topassagesdelicate test of what and the reservoir will fill face of such a up and water will run in fourth stories, ^ndthem to receive thegard to their own dignity and that of thewhich the Prince has come toproof ;in preparingwant to usethe enormous wor—ks even now contemplatedthe works whose size, under engineersto of the East India sqwd-UeotC Coiuaib VaSB, and to the aloop.ql-^arS^o' ••w,of the African squadron: Comniadpr T««pa. Ueats. GnnrntB, Ht.n,UAnMM,1iu*aitaAK»aUx.WaO.Oct. 8- to Oe J«hbythe present system,Thecan be estimated only byand thethewhile in considerable number of the best meters areof hydraulic engi-and the generallyia,thatThe Mayor sent in a po-;o|rinionments of this City.lite invitation asking the.^presence Aldermen on Thursday, theSlth inst., at 12fortheplsco/nnone,Brooklyn,canwaste—the crowd settled into an anxious awaiting a select few stoodsteps leading to his apartments, and silence reigasdpeoplethese many years. Theuponwho have every reason to feel both flattered licemen cleared the wat;;mwUiomAMLaon"ofoneJoHaQcAUia.Hiesumallegedtolaasmallerdegree,wouldfollowDOW.Iftheahaie,nwwiUanybedeprivedofthemootatabout1o'dooltP.M.ThisinjitKHoikaowaa«Unstick,wherethebloodyIjjtow-Mvthiag BiafewiDdiaasweresew.aadtbaj-"eTM''»»»*'•*«nim«tinBTwiir Mi tt^Hiwith the heavy crime of "larceny from the per-Ikrt wUoh he much regretted. He the "_Tr«Tll%^ resignationBtan,result in T!^oveinher. ifhe same result though can ffeclof Judge Bai»».has •zprand a desire to vWt that secUon of the City No news from the Plains. -.-jirUntitledDocument"dress-coat,blackwaistooatwhiteonWiNTKE GaSDIN—^MlSS CCSHXAN AS MXQothercan be for aand the comicalities>been received but now ;Pripce, has perpetrated avery unjustifiablehoax porte.. ItisverypleasanttonoticethemethodM The ezeitement lartsome4U«sAa4a^iUtavsf-Htosuch aon the toilette to the whole world, as in nearly fbur years in herto bear on the bat DemoeraMliaamaee^" clusivelybyinvitationtolessthanonenumer-"In oneatftrmn— sgiliiiiMMilni li '; toinstructs the four hundred ball-giving Commit-is announced for the repetition throughouttake part in the work of to-muuowlieve thatmomententertained. Forcertainlyifsucha wayspossessthousand pities it should ever haveBauo.^',imaginedungracefulfrom Kichmond—honor and the good looks of the hoi&e we parturether initiated into afur-Who that has ever seen swallow-tailedthe denizens of thesunnytroops New-Mexico has been otderad by CoL Fageneral"fuss,"whichseemscheer the coming and departureson of the British Queen vrith at least as much re-praCaptsn- wUTiaevilablx sold, tbey woidd,aadar the deidaratory notieAmake half-a-dozen sensible foreigners,;Arrival of the NewJUoxIeaoImmeEmma, The New-Mexican mail,theTo judge from proceedingsaparUnents provided for his manybeautifulbooqnetshavebeensentforthecheer-ing of his room. Letters La delicate feminine tiand- writisgawaitedhUafzlvaL» ofcattle Moat- vohmteets for the warwhichdelphiaWednesday night, and other "stars," "all being rightwUlthe Prettot tttitlieThis issold.- — ^.aadsizwas votedWe believe that one branch of the Croton Riv-er is required for domestic and manufactuiingpurposes, and we would earnestly request vote. In ftet, the AMwrman was indignant. ^ ,...- ^— ^|iiiH|[iiii those who control its disposal, to measure it He declared that the resolBtion inviting the hist., In rnnrii i]iirnrn nftiifHiiia iTliitislhithe claim would never receive his There islaunease . .»„.f(aMarfa-«(^]were invited to join His Honor in the reception.about having anything to do with the Prince,the coining bail to the coming and his action now tends to confirm those re-the ex- penses oftiie reception, because he is not al-pobUc money to payquizzical paper prepared lowed to as Chairman of the Commit- talking, cioiboiw. b«t»riii|abtee.pense. Fortunately,MayorWoodhasprom-IMr'.a^tiMHif"If 8o soon that I was done for,:betogchivalric at theCity's ex-yearsbe happv to renew acquaintance with them.probablyCAFSViO..thatman,if hesometimesfrom necessity, is naturally a risible animal. Undercountforby sayingweepsnight,Ooqaskaaal,''Every seat was then ^ed,EffortshavebeenmaU^,to<la^.totai^iiDiiiTnont, represented liy Swabzs, deeeand, OMeja »A Massachusetts bard, near akin by blood aad no more. Hr. Davdoi is only an ordinary Soim- of I thlnklliat L «i^ '"us all that we should be careful in all ourtales to " keep probability in view." The ad- cored in the " Be mine, dear maid."ed. Hr.CocLDOCKwas asDmndie respectableandture of evening dress," and further advises NiBLO's Thxatsi.—Hr. Fobbest appeared in their estimattan at least. Ifahedraps oat.tta lAalalery becomes soceases to be droll. It is not at all more amus- recommence this evening a series" of recitations layers are to be sent over fit)m New-York to-night togentle- faces and hands at least once a day, and to be very care-derstood, but the delivery of an entire play simply from memory, ^rsonating at the same time, as far as the modulations and inflections of the voice can do so, each separate character. In itself, the feat is aletter from athree thousand roughs are to arrive by fibe Ule tiifi», and several Detectives are here to spot Ihni Ar-There are somethe of which people who are selected to give a Barn-uu's Museum.—Thejudges,;igno-so that it will be late before formation.will; doubtless, prove very attractive. on this occasion is ** Hamlet."rangementsearly letona polls doweek,Vesnsjtvarihis this year the Kejrstone of the Bepnb^ean a^.laspaceThe Triply'nestentatlans Reception in the IlIonD- patched New-Jersey for in^iiBttianDelay on the Rail-read—Passage Through Washington— Douglas documents. A messenger hasTheearlyhour at which the Prince toolt his de-totrip Washingtonwas markednogathered toPrince impressed most favorably the people of Wash-oflloe."H.ordered; but thedispatchtae lands, if sold aad ptid Ibr ty oOtar parties ; hirtaUowed by law te paying te lands' thus liecome sobjecMdof theSouth. A short ride onan endurance ofre-popular ride to the dspot, and a telescopicdetained the cars,theCapitalanimpossibility. Aslightlunchwaspro-;po-;fDU«wii^lon: Commaader S. P. Lai'uBkxandEnuR,oat MOitanlHB. t^nic Miss Asa CuFToa and Mrs. carrying again. LwaaaKia,in flietiInnrrprnminnalniimilMi iifhiilkfii Ne^^York to wftaass M^Assistant-SurgeonFort1of the Interior, tlM,^^-another of$!,•>was«Mi|M'#r6>rthem, they yesterday,cut libiLo'clock,in othar o'clock,to the Chilian Oovemmsnt, la lilhlA anamed oaioera have been ordered loap^rf.war.YoMtetia,theby the Wuaoa and FLsMiaa.iL ^^ www.fultonhistory.com 