 \msm.m•• ••mDAIL Y-m$®$^^ John H. Hflt->n writes from Batavia, Jefferson ' the days of the bombardment she arrested in theirJTHE CROPS.1A^ Alms-Hcure Dep^artrnent. TJbe nvuaaber tlfyield; for, although there bad be* n a favorable change in the weatber, at last advices, it has come too late to save the crop from much loss. " The scil," says The Mark Lane Express, "especially heavy laud in low places, is comparatively water-logged, though bound on the surface. Potatoes have no strength; neither rningel-wurzel. Wheat very slowly advances on the best soils, and lo kg hopeless on the worst, as is the ease with barley; and there is no time nowfar tillering or increase. But ih i* m»kes it the more important that the fine weather should last till harvest is over, s s a n abundant yield, under the most favorable circum- stances, is impossible."England must, therefore, make up her deficiency by importations. W oere can sbe get the grain she needs 1 Not from France; for France has less than an average crop, and no grain to i>pare. Not from Germany; nor from the Da nab*. She may get Bome from Southernaction suited to the circumstances of the time. We What I did say, on the occasion of the "meeting re- intreat the gentlemen to postpone their protracted ferred to, was simply this: " The attempt which the debates to a more convenient season, and meantime to editors of The Express are making to induce the take oft* tbeir coats and-begin the work. They must not presume too far upon the forbearance of the publicHUDSON COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT.—-In consequence The evidence on which he was arrested is feend in the poBce business than is Beard at any other Policeof prior engagements of his Honor Judge Ogden, the .stories told by Mary O'Brien and Margaret Welsh, Court in tbo city. The majority: of the casesare o f r - session of the Hudson County Circuit Court announced who, by their own showing,, were accomplices in the miiiOT.importance, being complainte for assault and-to be held .yesterday morning, for the hearing.- of mo- cdrae. TheEe-girls were recently sent to Blccikwell'is battery, drunkenness, vagraocy, ani petit larceny, tions, arguments, &c, was postponed till Wednesdaymorning at 10 o'clock.\/lS• .'IT.,'.',.-!. -• • •Mill LI I— • — — C Tess•i nifiMii,ritiiWfir,"n"invtY)iirrTM«ic'ole of proper progress.Perbaps as-good a proof of the unusual bad weather risburg, Mr. McVeagh of this place, Mr. Coffey of; Number of barrels of .offal removed from city limits ...3,1W -indtine, as we coold give, is the following diagram irom The Mttrk-Lanc Express i ,TT.VCTVATIOX* IS Title ATSRAOK iytlCK OF WHXVT. lUtlPtfc*>..May26. JDUO 2. June '.'. June 1U. Jane 23. June 30. 5-:i. »dy.*. *OJ. 5+., lid. 54*. "2d62*. WJ.The price is here given in sterling currency per *' quarter," or eight busbels. which is the usual grain measnre. Wheat is now higher by 25 per cent than it was Urt year at the same date. In 1869, on the first Fricay in July, there were sold in Mark-Lane 474,800 bushel* of wheat, at about 5s. 9d. sterling per bushel; while on tbe corresponding Friday of this year, sales of 702.603 bush* 1* are ro?«r:ed at about 7 / 3 3 . A great many thousand iarmere in the United States are interested in the question whether this high price will be maintained.The aocmnts from Ireland, which have all along been peculiarly gloomy, are now more cheering, and it is expected that the wheat harvest will not be de- layed more than a fortnight. The stories respecting Reappearance of the potato disease seem to have beenPhiladelphia, and Mr. Cheeseman of California. Later in the- night there was more ppeaHog in front of Mr. Hickman's dwelling, by CoL Curtin and Mr. Hickman. About midnight the vat>t assemblage dispersed and in a short time the streets were quiet. • •The spirit exhibited on this occasion shows that the people of Chester. County are fully alive to theimport- ance of the pending election, and have made up their minds tbst the duty which they owe to the country and t i e age as electors shall not be neglected. A number1of towoship meetings ha* e been held in this vicinitysince the Chicago Convention, and- several large clubs organized; and I have no doubt that the success of this metting is, in part, owing to those circumstances. • Had it been a wt-ck later it would have been twice as largo, tbe oat baryest, now at its hight, having prevemed manv from attending. In this^ Congressional District we llave generally estimated our majority for Curtin and Lincoln at 2,000. Since the meeting the estimates range from twenty to thirty per cent higher. J.• ' » •—The Quid Nunc, a paper published at Grand Junc-tion, Tennessee, has three editors who cannot agree upon a Presidential candidate; consequently the journal supports both Breckinridge and Douglas. The man- ner in which this is done is curious. On one page, edited by Col. D. B. Gully and Dr. N. H. Prewitt, areage, is the coft of tiles; and this, when the transport- ation is long, over common roads, almost precludestheir use.To farmers who are situated far from a tile manufac-tory, or far from -water communication with one, who are aijxious to try tile drainage upon their farms, we have a ray of hope—a hope that a plan has already beene invented which will enable tb^m to manufacture tiles upon the very spot to be drained, at a less expense than the ordinary terra-cotte ^iles can be had at the kiln; in fact, for less than the lowest cost of manufac- turing them. •Last Autumn there was exhibited at the New-York State Agricultural Fair specimens of a new kind of draining tube, under the name of " Porous Drain Tile." It did not attract as much attention as some other things of less value to the farmer; and although we saw thatthe Committee were so well satisfied of its importance that they awarded the inventor a silver medal, we lost sight of the man and his machine and new tile, until a few days eince, when he turned up at the Farmers' Club, and then we aecertained that he had established a manufactory here in the city—not to make farm drain tile, but for city drainage. To this manufactory we have been, to eee how the thing is done, and now we are satisfied that any sensible farmer can manage the machine, and that good drain tile can be made in theT H E NATIONAL HORSE SHOw.-~The fourth. nationalexhibition of Horses will be held this year at Spring-field, Mass., from the 4th to the Zth' .of September, inHampden Park,'near tbe railroad station. The' showis always attended by crowds of the most respectablemen and women of New-England, making it a sort of" harvest home" gala day; and this year, as the har-vest has been a bouu iful one, the attendance willprobably be larger than ever before. It is conducted—.1,955 " 2001,500 ; 20S 30*entirely without foundation, and we learn from The tbe names of Douglas and Johnson, under the head112 from the corresponding week of last year. OfFreeman's Journal that the crop is both healthy and large.W e are sorry to learn that there has been so destruc- tive a drouth in Western Vermont, The level plain of heavy clay land between the Green Mountains and LaS-> Champlsin, comprising a *trip of country aver- aging some 15 er 20 miles in width, has been almost as badly parched as pans of Missouri and Kansas. One farmer near Fair Haven tells us that he mowed thirty-"National Democratic Ticket," together with a para- graph stating that the other side of the paper is a sepa- rate and distinct "institution," with which they have nothing to do. Turning to this other side, edited by R. G. Adams, the reader finds the names of Breckin- ridge and Lane, with the h»ading, "Only True Na- tional Democratic Ticket," and the following para- graph: • .." R E A D BOTH SIDES!—The outside of this paper isgirls. Of deaths from acute disease, there were bySergeant of the Sanitary Squad in relation to the base-. ment of No. 3 Peck slip. The Commissioners ordered an invettigation of thV matter.• »a separate and distinct department, under the editorial five' acres of meadow and got only two tuns of grass control of D. B. Gaily and Dr. N. H. Prewitt, whoterday, but he did not do so, and nothing will probablybe done with it until the latter part of the week. Hercargo .has all been taken out, and is under seal at ance.principles of the Zowres be heartily adopted by our G*u>from tbe whole piece.On the other band, a subscriber in Seneca County,advocate the cause of Douglas and Johnson in this Presidential Campaign."howels, and other digestive organs, 227; lungs throat,&.C, 87; -brain and nerves, 86; uncertain seat and gen-eral fbvera, 45; skin, &c, and eruptive fevers, 36; Marshal: ':•>'.'' heart and bloodvessels, 10; 20 were from violentcauses. Clae&ified with respect to age there wereCounty, Iowa, July S3:" Wheat was injured here very much by the chinch8 to For/m> DROWNED.—'Abo.'QtSo'clock yesterday after- d a U1 oin Wtf"»renovr« P ***tie mortragae and mm liable manner, prognosticate Notwithstanding the dry Spring, corn looks well. merly rmled hi Sicily, one of the Counts of Sioibaldi.either*** yfcW ©f crops or their probable value in the Prom present prospects, Witt be an average crop, or rather more.'*Jfall- "Angnet i* regarded in Grea'- Britain as of all,ver0y th**** ** of the^nioetexbibiions in the principal cities of the Urfon. * It is | Commission: *"> ? « $« f * them evftry day i*—A correspondent writes from New-Albany, Ind.,much rain as to injure the fine wheat crop which has that neither Breckinridge nor Bell has any show in pipes, costs $50. The small machine does its workThe vessel is in ctarge of a Uniied States officer, and taken. •no one is permitted en board without a pass from the New- York, July«23; 13€«,Ohio, complai* » tb*t in his section they are having so Leon harvested.The N*te-Orleans Bulletin says that:"JNet for ream ha* so long and BOsevers a drouth been expe-thafvicinity, and that, although the Douglas men are bard at work among the Germans, they have lost their influence. He says, also,.that nine-tenths of thoseequally perfect, but works slower, and. is only suffi- citnt for smail sizeB, and these should be made in short lengths, say one foot long, the general length befrg eighteen inches.PICKING,.A.DETECTIVE'S POCKET.—Betective El- THE NEW TOMPKINS MARKET.—The Street Com- der, on Mprday. morning, observed two suspicious Spaniard*, among a crown or porsons who. were looking uato a store wta- .rienced la the gontbern St**e*. In novae mictions no rain of anyconsequence ho* (tl'm sine* the 1-t of April. Thin .is especially who -voted for Fillmore in 1856, will vote next Novem-10 to 12, 2; 12 tol5> 3; 15 to 17, 2; 17 to 20, 9; #0Tbe material used is coarse sand and water lime, 'to 25,-12; 25 to 30j 22; 30to 40, 38; .40 to 50, 28;" 50 City Inspector. No stalls have been leased, as thetrue of Trxaa, certain parishes »n this St«te, and Middle Georgia, tn which Utter Motion, according to « w r i w io a Georgia paper,n><.r» rain ba* been ktown to foil in 2I hours than haa been bad -*be»» stace tbe lat of Jau«-.-y Thes*\ it IJULJb« said, ere ex- ceptional rases True. But there tan- w but 11'tle difference in th«» condition of the crops In moat of ih« cotton States. Oar ic- eount» from vmrtotis districts of Georgia, Alabama. Florida, Mls- si-vrppl, ArVn«aa, Texas. *r.d oox w n Sttrte, are. to nj tbe Jr»*t ditcoareging. Crop* i o <be*e State* 1 av* been n»>t only oppr**»rd by a drootb nnprrc*dented in it* duration, bot within tbe l«at ibonth tb*»y >^<J to atrugglfl for ojtl»ti5rc< in the fice of amu of auij«»t torrid b UH«nce and power, dewle •» ni«hta. and the" pre>»l»nce (In aoroe ••Utricta) of high norcbing wii.d«. which ah:i-»^led up w^wtion a» If a idrocco bad pawed orer it. The CooMKioenoe of Mflb weather i» obvioua."Anetcer prominent Southern paper confirms this ©pinion, and as»er'8 that he corn crop in Mississippi, except immediately in the valleys, is a distressing fail- ure; and tbe eotton cr-»p, unless there is a change in the weather ia a brief time, will be no better. It willmaiure e«rly and be sent forward to market promptly; but there will be &had tilling off m quantity.So bad ha* the drootb be*u in Texas that the Grand Juries of sever»] Counties have callei meetings in their respective jorindictions for the purpose of adopt- ing some measure* of reli.f for the poorer classes of citrwn*. wrn> are threatened with famine on account of the failure of tbe com wop. J,0 their fear of famine the people Btitm to have . been driven to prayer-meet- ings as a last resoarce, and preventive against drouth; a^d we read of their having been very largely attended in many pUces, where such gathering* have not-been of frequent occurrence heretofore.•mFALL COBN-THE IOWA WHEAT CHOP.E. H. Mark wri'es front Davenport, Iowa, July 19, a* follows; "On the 17ih iLtf'ant, I measured a »wlk of corn that was 13 feet and 9\pcbes. I think the averageber for Lincoln and Hamlin.—It is definitely understood that Gov. Seward will address the Republicans of Minnesota, at St. Paul, on the 15th of AngUfct next.—Tbe Republicans of Clifton Springs, N. Y., held an enthusiastic meeting on the 24th inst.:, and organized a Lincoln and Hamlin Club.PERSONAL.*. '—It is stated that the two boys of Mr. Douglas, left by his first wife, have come into the possession of a large fortune by the death of their maternal grand- mother, who reeided in North Carolina; and it iB fur- ther stated that Mr. Douglas will visit his connections in that State after he haa completed his New-Englandtour. . _—According to Unpopular rumor, Paul Akers, theArrjet, and Florence-Percy, the Author, are within a few days to be married to each other.—Letters from Havana say that Gottschalk, the pianiut, has been dangerously ill, but that he is now convalescent, and that he is to make a profesoional tour through Central America and Venezuela. He will take charge of the orchestra of tbe Italian opera, next Winter, at the Tacon Theater. The new impressarii, Raya 6c Co., are now in Pai is, engaging artiata for the reason, which will commence in November.looking at the operation of mixing, about one measure 100, 2. Of these 374 were 'natives of the United States, and it will be several days before the building will be> of cement to six or seven of Band, and just water 77of Ireland; 31 of Germany;.8 of England; 7 of ready for occupancy. •enough to moist* n the materiak? so tbat when a handful Scotland; of France and Poland 2 each; of Belgium 1;is pressed together in the hand it will slightly adhere aid 2 unknown. There v<ere 65deaths in tbe publicdenly, caught one of the thieves in the act .»f removlag.some of* his papers. He arrested both the foreigu jeotlemeu, a^d.,too< them to headquarter, where theirpicture»i.w<;re obtained for tho Gallery, while fciey. were awaiting an exaannatipo, -:^;(• '.•'••'» m$m•' [; H Iof the.-neld would be about 13 feei It had been a ferry-boat with Mr. Pertusio, a gentleman of this planted" just 67 days—allowiog one day only for being city."THK STREETS.—City Inspector Delavan in his regu- vagr^pt* aud drunkards themselves. In order to make whether this man will make a good salceman; that, a good ao-in the ground, and it grew just 2J inches per day.There were three ears on the stalk at the respectivedistance* from the ground of 7, 8, and fJ feet. Corn a Bplendid and ancient temple on Mount Pellegrino,lations divects the Street Inspectors to give particular attention to the prompt removal of ashes and garbage,tbe arrangement still more effectual, the Commissioivcountant; this, a reliable and trustworthy coianaentiM olerk; Mthat, a cashier, ko. A phrenological descnpHon, oareluUy writ- ten out, would settle the question, and indicate the oxaot pUoa each man can best till. FOWJJSH 4C WKLLS, No. SD8 Broadwarnever looked beUer in this State at this season of the year. The wh*at crop is mo* Jy cut, and that which has been thrashed yields much better than anticipated. The average wDl be ov«r 20 bushels! per acre—some fields turning 40. All crops are abundant excepting grass,whichwasinjuredforwantofrainintheearly $<wt of the season,"will answer, or that which is screened out of coarsetricts twice each day. The gutters of streets contain- mitting theee chronic drunkards fox ten days tne magi [Advertisement]<course five hundred bombs, which otherwise wouldNEW-JERSEYITEMS.Heenan hasbeenengagedtogiveaseMcf pugiMc «BeVolr^who ^ « ^ ^ f 'Pff« timethat tb*sion of that paper,1to mean that I shamefully abusedthe wife of Senator Douglas, and applied epithets, in tbe arduous labor to more active shoulders. There is incidentally alluding to her, so disgracefal as to be unfit no time to waste in the discussion of grand but imprac-tbeHremen had rendered hioa on Sunday-'meaning at theAreattheCunardDock.deredatNe. 37^Baxterstreet,juetoneyeaarago. On'Mondaywepublh-hedananeountofthearrestofRichardBavendann onsuspicion of hapingmurdered (Sustarino.. at the Tombs-are obliged to-hear and dispose ef moreAmerican party to support Mr. Douglas, is ridiculous in the extreme; Mr. Douglas, whose wife is a Roman Catholic, is one day found dining with Bishop Hughes, and the next closeted with the Brookaes, consulting as to the best manner of conducting the campaign to carry tbe State of NewrYork."and the Press."'A recent London paper has the following: -" Statements are current that "the Directors of theUnion Bank of London have behaved with extremeharshness to all the clerks in the establishment uponIsland*as vagrants. While there they were overheard wblich are not of sufficient importance tofind their way' conversing-together in regard to the murder, andin- into the newspapers. During last week/JaaticeWebjfa.These are the words which have famished the textsfor BOmany editorials and personalities against me inihe dai'y and weelly papers of tbe Democratic party. ments are correct. Up to yesterday three of the prin-enticed the- stranger into her room, aud that while where no arrests-are necessary, or whera magisterial'The motives of the editors of The Expresspreeenting me will appear at the proper time.inmisre-cipal clerks who have spent their'lives in the bank had been discharged, . and yesterday another was added to the list. The matter is exciting much indig- nation, but. aS the general meeting is now over the Di-present a formidable array. lived at that time, No. 37\ Baxter street, was a noto- 'v" >'---"--v m 'Y onrs, reBpectfnlly,ItLUFUS P . A N D R E W S .riously bad one, and the Sixth W ard Police give entire A T T E I ^ T TO KiLTi.—Oeorge Leij», a copper-plater *THE CANVASS IN PENNSYLVANIA. —! WESTCHESTER, Pa , July 28,1860.—The Havana correspondent of The N. O. Crescentsays: ** Mr. Fowler, the ex-postmaster, is about taking ter would be requisite for the manufacture on a farm.true to liffr for $tl; 18 taken atone sitting 1.000daily. T>e greatest *pjractical novtlty of art, at HOL^BS' Card PtoVtue GVIT lery, NA. »95 Broadway, only.[Advertisement Jlodgings at Guanabacoa. I saw him the other day inHow TO Bo IT.—Merchants, wholesale and w Itha*alsoproduced,amost salutary effeotuponthe Jtail,areofterpuzzW to know how to place their employesIsaint ofnear Palermo. She is principally honored by the Pa-—ThepatronSicily is St.Rosalia,-whoh i sevs ask the cooperation of the Board of Police Ma^ia-and t* compel the ash-cartmen to go through their dis- trates. They desire that instead of continually fcom- make private oxaminatlons. . , •' " *MMii-i t,X iINEWYORK*rarT*,i~rrThavO fallen in the town./ St. Roealia is supposed to becritical aeaa<m of *ho year, an4 no one can except in hug. W e wi'l thrash, perhaps, a fourth of a crOD. deecer*ded from one of the petty chieftains that for- noon the body of a man ml* fr^d floating in.the said that the speculators who have secured the star of tbe Island, at a7 ©xpendxture of abotft $25.tjj«jocstcriticalmonth;andn;onits temperatureandjneteoxology depend the aggregate yield of cereals, andtheir market pros. For this reason, over there, themoist climate d* ee not permit of bonring the grain as To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.soon to cut, so the •heaves are left in cock for a long Sm: Allow me, through the columns of your piper, behev6*tbat the Dictator belongs to the sanw family where he was drowned. JNo marks of violence were* j of which time he ia to be presented, with a diamond timetoensu'eperfectcoring. Theyarethenbuiltupinto tocorrectagross,and,asIbelieve,awillfulmisrepre- withRosalia,andthatthesaintherselfhaslaidonhimhoused it will oave been damaged ten, twenty, or, in extreme oases, fifty per cent£ Apply this rule to the whole kingdom, and it will be seen that to enter into speculation as to the British grain crop, before at least the 20th of Angnflt, » sheer nonaenee.winds up by admonishing me to "let the women alone, never to get beyond perspiration and promises. It was1 Jury, who rendered a verdict of "Foutud drowned." The York. On Monday evening next, the first axhibi .ion tain rafwalk on top with a*wall on each side, so that it 1POLITICAL.A CAED.effect produced' wfls exactly the reverse of that in- and laced at the ends, like a ship's man rope, which pany Heenan, and participate in the fistic exercises. the crowds upon their arrivaJ. JNfc doubt the Board tended. The story spread like wildfire among the had- apparently given way as he was getting up the The terms of the agreement are as follows: Heenau of Police Magistrates will teke the necessary meas- lower classes of Palermo, who affirmed, and Who now efte of some vessel^ letting him fall Hffio the river/ is to have $1,000 a week for twelve weeks, at the end ures to aid the Commissioners in this matter.•K'..large "stocks in the field which are well thatched, sentation, contained in an editorial of The Express on the' task of driving the Neapolitans from the itland.foundontheperson ofthe deceaeedto indicate foul pinworth $1,000. 'JSacdonaldhasrefasedtoengage TJIE NEW SEVEN-FOOT? Wnorj«»T-lROrT WATER play. The following artieke, which may lead to the for a longer time than s&c weeks, for which he is to MAiwi —Tbe two Croton-water pipes across the Highand from which tbe grain is usually threshed di- Thursdayand Friday last,inreferencetoaspeechde-rect. August is the harvest month, and of eourse livered by me a few evenings since at a ratificationIf the cutting is delayed—as it is. this year meeting at PishkilL—for.&fortnight, three weeks,•oreven a TheExpress statesthatIwasatPishkillonmonth, the shocked grain is exposed to all the cold, Wednesday evening, speaking at a Republican meet- energy which a confiding pub'ic were taught to-expeet- " "JOHN KOSS."damp nights, sudden showers, or long cold storms of ing, and, to use its own language, "pitching into Mrs. at the hands of the General Committee appointed to- The above note was not dated. Also, two Brooklyn at Farnberoflglr. The line otf travel oi this distin- Mayor, though ofieriogfno special objections, has failed anEnglishSeptember.Tonsitoferfhappensthatbe- DouglaB.VItcontinues:"Mrs.D.,hesaid,wasa prepareTorontoforthereceptionofthePrinceofjferrytickets,3centsincoppers,.ajackknife,andtwo guish*'dpartywillcomprehendailtheprincipalcities tojivCitbisapproval.Itispurposedtolaythepipe—They are still in trouble in Toronto about thePtince of Wales and his reception. Tlie Leaker thus A note, of which the following is a copy:America, is of nearly the weight and'hight of Tom qriate to Ae requireaients of the city, wo*k was some- Sayero,andamimicCombatbetweenlinrandHeenan timesincecommencedforlayinganothersevenfeetbat will be no bad imitation of the " intercatiooaly' fight diameter.' This- undertaking is now delayed, as theplainly talks r "I agree to pay Daniel Cnmntitajp 50 cents per teat-for the "Wolookinvainforevidencesofthe,spiritaad atoneballastnowusedontheLucyA«»,atMcComb'gD*m.W ales. Our reporter telle of meeting after meeting offore a. rea>ly first-rate wheat cr« p can be threshed and confirmed Roman Catholic,very bitter, &c, &c.;" and wise and patriotic Committee men, but they eeem keys. Coroner Gafney'was notified^ and impanneled a of the United States, beginning, of course, with 2£ew- m laason work"r two fret above the others, and to re-and, if something be not done Bpeedily, will transferin discoveringthe PulliogerfraudSjand impartial persons who bav* endeavoured to elicit the facts do not hesi- tate to affirm that, as far as they can judge, these state-rate. Tbe Loire turned into Worgun.t,tre«-t, and when in front of' No. 168 he da-bed upon the stoop,- where Mrs. McCam and (two small children were sitting, all of whom were serio'isly, if not fatally, injured. Tbe driver, named John Coleman, was also vary much hurt b y being kicked in attempting to fetop the animal.CITY ITEMS,; ... ' . • •A SOAKING RAIN;—For months, we have not had, credit to the-story told by the girls. But a short time engraver, who lives at No. 221 Cfetre street, wd«-until that of Sunday night and: Monday morning, a after the finding- of'- the body of the Spaniard another taken before Justice Quackenbush, charged withi havrectors will perhaps regard with indifference that may be said about it."anythingsoaking rain, extending widely over the country. We stranger was found dead in the street, in nearly the ing attempted to shoot?John Reed of 1*6. 524 Broome A Republican mass meeting was held in this place, LAND DRAINAGE—TILES THAT CAN BE MADE ON have had in the city some heavy showers. That of same locality, and no due to his death was ever ob- street, on'Sunday evecrng. These persons had pre- wasjnuch exaggerat d, and an unusually fine crop is yesterday. The concourse of well-dressed, intelligent- THE FARM.—The growing interest that is felt in the l|ist Thursday barely laid the dust/north of the Harlem tained. In such cases there is but very little evidence vious!} quareled about? Leiee's wife, and on meetiogRussia, for w e learn that the etory of locust ravagesexpected. But she can get all and more thin she wants lcohrog,: orderly people was immense. I have not witnessed POlarge a gathering in this county for manyfrom the United S<ates, if we may credit our accounts years, although I have seen some monsters of thefrom every quarter of the country. How much grain kind. In the afte.noon, Col. *t?urtin, our candidate we will have to spare, or she will need, no mortal man. for Governor, spoke in the beautiful grpve west of thecan tell just now (with all respect be it spoken to the town. His speech was a decidedly successful effort. elaboraters of formidable statistic*), and we must wait His style was chatte and plain, his topics well" chosen,subject of land drainage, commonly spoken of as Eiver, although it fell in torrents on the lower part of to be found to assist the Coroner in his investigation. on SurdayinBroome street, Leise drew a pistol, and"' " under-draining," makes everything new upon the' the city. Connecticut; and the luwer counties of Ne w- pointing it at -'the' head of Reed, attempted to shoot" matter interesting to a very large portion of our coun- York have suffered sadly in some of the cropa by the SHOOTING BY-MISTAKE.—A few days since Daniel him. Frrtrmately; the cap.only exploded, and Reed try readers. It-should be thought of with more inter- long drouth, which has hardly been broken in some Driscoll, keeper of'a drinking saloon at the corner of attempted to run off/ when the" would-be- murderer est,, by dwellers in cities as well; for upon its success- localities in all July, and but slightly in June. Pota- Third avenue and Eighty-sixth street, had a quarrel diecharged .one barrel'of bis weapon after%im, bufc.untrl 8*>p ember to know whether it will pay us to ahip from Chicago to LiverpoolFarmers rhould remember these general laws of demand and aupply. England is our great customer for breadstutfs. If England has a very short crop, and we a very short one too, f-unine prices will prevail. If she has a very short crop, and we a very large one, average prices rule. If both have very large crops, prices go down. And they go lower and lower as the harvests of both countries aire exuberant. The whole thinglies in a nut-shell; and if farmers will only remember these simple rules, they will sava themselves much dis- ppointment. By looking ac the advices received by »ch incoming steamer, and the report* in American agricultural aod commercial papers, they csn alwaysnake a shrewd guess as to their prooable income. W e jpeak, of course, as if all our country readers t x>k at east one agricultural paper; for a farmer without a armeT'8 paper is like a coach without wheels—incapa-his voice excellent, and his manner, graceful and spirited. He was followed by.Mr^ Campbell, in a neat address of an hour. Mr. C. comee from beyond the Suequ^banna, and has heretofore been the most effi- cient Democratic lesder in this county. This was his first appearance on the stump, for Lincoln and Curtiu, and he gave powerful reasons " for the faith, that is in him." His speech ought to be reported for the special benefit of his quondam friends, still laboring in the dark ways of modern Democracy. Mr. Hickman.spoke next, and riveted the attention of the audience, for an hour and thirty miuutes. much of which he de- voted to a vivid commentary on the political dema- fogaism of Mr. Douglas. There were full fifteenundred ladies present, all interested listeners.In the evening there was a most brilliant torch light procession, which, accompanied by a fine display of fireworks, paeeed through the principal streets of thetown.' Aa»it passed, a number of the houses were illa- minated, and tbe large body of Wide-Awakes, consti- tuting the procession, were repeatedly cheered by the citizens.- Several telling speeches were made from the balcony of McClelland's hotel, where Mr. Curtin stop- ped. Among them were those of Mr. Casey, of Har-ful introduction, depends the ability of the country to. toes, have been injured most, perhaps, of arjyc*op,. with two young men. On Sunday night two other sustain the largely-increased population of cities and though corn was on the point of failure for lack of young men entered the saloon, and Driscoll, mistakinghappily without effecir. Leise, in default Jof $l,D0O- ^ . bail, was locked up to answer a charge of attempt to kill.. • ..THE GREA T ?EASTERN PLEASURE TATITY:—-The officers of the Kjlfeat Eastern having applied to the General Superintendent for a force of Detectives t«manufacturing villages. .This increase of non-pro-moisture to set the ears. W e have seen many hills of them for the ones he had quarreled with, took down a; '•»—•"formcoionwasatonce sent to- Capt. Dowling'^f thecommitted to prison 672 persona;, and, forthe prevrou#' week; Justice Kelly committed 731, making a total o f 1,383 fbr two weeks. This constitutes hardly one-half"SERIOUS- ACCIDENT.—Between 2 and 3 o'clock yes- Sixth Ward. -' ,,terday afternoon a horse attached to a. lumber wagon, belongingto Vanderbeok fc Co., became frightened while* standiug in Steu- On being ihterrrogated, they very reluctantly told/Whom they can contrive to throw any blame for neglect, ben street, Jersey City, and started-down the street at a fearful the story- published on Monday, to the effect that Ifary of the'eases heard; as hundreds of*complaints are madeducers, and decrease of productive facilities of the land, potatoes with only one or two; tubers large enough to pifttol and instantly fired at them. The charge tookwithin the last half century in the New-England eat, and the vines drying up. Suoh will not recover. effect in the clothes of one of them named ArthurStates, has caused, independent of the cheapening ofmoney, a great rise in the value of all food articles.This increase of ^Blue would have been already sogreat as to prevent the consumption of. some, if notmoet of the best articles of food, by the poor, if it hadnot been for the productions of a rich virgin soil at theWest, which have reached us by improved facilities oftransportation, which have been constructed withinthe period named. But this cannot continue forever,nor can we afford to pay transportation upon farm products, grown in Iowa, which we could just as well1grow at home, if the fertility of the soil ^ a s restoredto its pristine vigor, which it can be, by judicious landdrainsge, such as is practiced to a large exent in En- turned brown, and almost-'-worthless for §*asriqg. To gland, and to a small extent in this country.The stumlsling-blockinthe way of those who havealways become-convinced of the value of land drain- or three days. Such a rain ifl st^needed~to rfevive dry lice, and the wounded man was taken to the Bellevue Vntovnd and Diseased Meat*, With, 8[c.t seized or removed fro**-:-cholera iiifantum, 120; scarlet fever,. 23; diarrhea, 17; field at a very inexpensive and tolerably rapid rate, dysentery, 9; inflammation of lungs, 9; .congestionand of all the needed sizes, all upon the same machine, which is one of the moet ingenious of all modern Yan- kee inventions. It is operated entirely by hand, by two men, one to operate the machinery that gives pressure to the material in the mold, and one to mix tbe material, put it in the hopper, and take off and empty the full molds and put empty ones in their place. A full-sized machine, with full set of molds for pipes from two to twelve inches diameter, will coat $400;. and one for farm use, tnaking only two to four-inch•wells, springs, and brooks., •'' » ' " . •-. ' • . • ' .: - \Hospital. -His wound is pronounced exceedingly dan- gerous.- Juatice Steers locked Jager up to await the result of Paebler's injuries.theeily.Beef—Number of pownd*. Veal—Number of pouudci Fish—Number of pounds... Poultry—Number of pounds....... O'ber Meats—Number^f pounds...,•-.'"'by a Board of Trustees compoiedof some of the first- in company with his wi/e and another man, and weDt up ThirdTotal amount... .$4,193 40 , TIIItEE-CSKT OMNIBUS F ARE.men of the town, an aeeuranco to strangers that noth- ing of. a horse-jockey influence is permitted. It is fair that pickpockets and gamblers should have due notice that a deputation of detectives from Boston and New- York will meet them at the carB on their arrival if they choose to attend, and advise their immediate departure, which advice, if not accepted, will be followed wita an invitation to spend a few diys in free lodgings.CITY MORTALITY.—Tho City Inspector's report for the past week gives a total of 504 deaths, being an in- crease of 8 over the week previous, but .a decrease ofstreet, t.<-waid Firs', avenue; he returned in about ten minutes,bnd s*id that bis wife had left him; I noticed that he was intoxi- To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribitne. cated, and said I would see him home; he consented, and wewalked down Third street toward A venue A ; another man joinedus soon alter w e left tho saloon, and w e all three walked to-gether; when we reached the corner of Avenue A, I b^dthepriBtnpr good-fiuht, and was gome home when he rushed uponme, and wtubbed me in the abdomen; I now recognize AdamJager as the man who »tabbad me.THE POLICE COMMISSIONERS.—The Board met as usual yesterday* but did not transact any business of these 73 were men; 80 women; 170 boys; and 181 public importance. A special report was made by theof the braia, 8; smallpox, 8; croup bad teething, each 6; apoplexy, typhoid fevtr, inflammation of the •bowels and of the stomach each 5, and bronchitis, 4. Chronic diseases:—Consumption, 57; marasmus^ in- fantile, 47; dropsy in the head, 16; debility, 13; dropsy, H>; heart, disease ofi 5;' and cancer 4.. Deaths from casualties, 11; old age, 5; delirium tremens, 4; suicide,1. Classified asto disease—-there were of the stomach, Wheeler's store, where it will remain until examined. city companies of.soldiers. The reputation of all, as well as thesalvation from ruin of tome, alike demands thcA this /step be>.. ? • •under 1 year, 230; 1 to 2, 66; 2 to 5, 32; 5 to 10, 10; missioner is making some slight alterations in Tomp- dow, near the corner of Grand street and Broadway. They ap-kins Market, in accordance wi'.h the suggestions of the peared to observe ea«h person that approached very cIoswT, to uscertein how. his,watch w»» fastened. The officer, to.try thorn,joined the skhtseers and placed himself in ouch position, f * t o > invite, tie.Spaniards to tiy his pockets Ssai-coly a moment*,known as " Rosendale cement," and we judge from, to 60, 18; .60 to 70, 13; 70 to 80, 10; 80 to 90, 4; 90 to work has not yet received the approval of Mr. Delavan> elapsed before be f*lt a band on his cloth»s, antf taming sud-together so as to retain its form. Herein is the secret" institutions, of which 20 were at Bellevue Hospital,inq^st Veetegday at tbe New-York aorpIUI 0a .the. .body of from thto efleots of a gon shot wound. On the..Oh of Wi t l ^ _deceased was wounded in the hand and. wrist by »he,e*plQ«pa o T T a plsiol.wbich he was engaged in loadasg. A veriic^of acca»utaL.- death was roudered... .The «*me Ccaoner bold^4 iuquUHiou ab-ie saroe place on tho body of W.m. B. Str^-wau, who-dled-ofT theof the porosity of these pipes, which are so, great that water poured slowly upon a pipe laid inclining, soaks through the upper part and appears to concentrate in the interior and run out at the end. These pipea are actual water,-.f}}^0, and much more porous than well- burnt clay tileB.If a trifle more cement was added, and. water enough to nuke the mixture into a soft mortar, and then made into pipes by the same process as the other, they form, water-tight tubing, and could be made with a very light pressure, whereas the porous pipe, made of the simply moistened sod and'eement, require and obtain a tremendous pressure, the machine being geared to give 1,700 pounds pressure for ever)' 60 pounds of power applied. The molds, as they come from the press, are allowed to etahd for a few minuteB to harden, and then they are discharged from, the molds as they stand, on end in the place where they are to dry, which they will do in a few hours, sufficient to handle and pack away, where they continue to grow more and more firm, and strong enough to use after a day or two, and are not injured by rain, as they actually harden faster in water than in a dry place; so that no expensive shel-The coarser the sand Jhe better. That which we saw used yesterday was the sand of the decayed gran- ite of this region. In the interior of this State, the de cayed shale rock has be^n found to answer, though not as well as this sharp, material that comes from crushedquartz. The comaaon bank sand, such as masons use,and 14 at the Alms House, Blackwell's Island.•TOMPKINS SQUARE.—Complaints are mae'e that thisSquare, so lately laid out and beautified, stands in needof piotection from roughs, rowdies, and night prowl-ers, chiefly boys, who bathe in the basin of the foun-powered to transfer to the Work-House on Black well'sIsland all intoxicated and disorderly persons senjtencedfjwpten days to the Tombs. During the reign of thetain, trample down the grass, and maliciously barkthe trees. The effect^ no doubt; would be salutary if lieu of t*io payment of $10 fine). Most of these drunk-an example were made of some of these Vandals.Tbe.Hon. O. S. Ferry, M. C. from Conn., an able and eloquent, speaker, will deliver an address at S-.uy- veeant Inetitute^this evening, at 8 o'clock, before the Young Men's Republican Union. Mr. A. J, Spooner of Brooklyn will also speak. Republicans and all interested are urgently invited to aitend*arms in New-Y ork. The strangers were OBCorted to the boat by the united Commanderies of New-York and Brooklyn.ards were in prison month after montn, neai^the y«ar re und, only a day or two elapsing after thefo discharge before they wera returned for the same ©Sense. OnTemplar D. C , under command of Sir Knighi, Schwarzmann, left for homo yesterday afternoon, after enjoying a pleasant visit and reunion of three days with their brethren intell, a lad 7 >oars of »ge>'feU ikomwie attic wiadaw of house Now, held an iue,ue*t on. 4ho body on Monday raoruiug, when a verdictofT H E WashingtonKNIOHTS.—T!oe Commandery, Washington,VISITINGWork-House all of these characters was incorporated in the law at the suggestion of Mr. Draper. Within a fortnight after th* organization of the new Board, the law was put inv> operation, and thus far it has proved very beneiicir^ in lessening the number of this class of offenders, rAn well as in freeing the Tombs from the crowd wUch used to fill it to overflowing. ,ofaccidentalCARDd e a dw a sreislered.(Advertisement) iaw<wusausai j /k i nutans, and is supposed to work great numbers ofmiracles—confining her wonderful deeds, however, gravel will be still better, so that there is no lack ofstrictly to the Sicilians, and giving no foreigner a ma'erial for such drain-pipes upon mos* farms, where cleaned and kept clean, and when required Bprinkled. twelve monthB, according to their deserts. This diclnal qualities of this V/ater are faUy shown in tho Teattme.Knightsing a barge number of tenement houses "mu»t be ibtrates"*will sentenoe them for three, six,nine,,or OAK ORCHARDACU> SPRING WATER.—Th* MM. the cement can be obtained at a moderate price. This, with lime." These regulations are,timely, &nd should would free the streets, the. Courts, and the City ni&ls from physician* «id other ^spectable individuals. w S Xthought. The Patormirans say that she saves- their cityfrompestilence,andwar,andfamine;andthatinnewinventioniaworthyoftheattention,oftdl&rawr*.beenergeticallyenforced* >.••maybeaeenouapMication to the A W . Dealar. i u p p ^ e d e i Prisonoftta&&pests,andeffectaoonjiderablesayingUberalterras.KeVatergenuineuulea.proouredrremHT^r_I_•- - ,itf •.HUM^IIMMMWWJIaw, i.^-jfrtiirfniin'j( MOVEMENT* OP THE CHAMP lotf.^-Mr. John C. . to -the ring are Messre./Henry Wood and Benj. Wood, j Tbi> tranefer calls ba^o coixetrnt re^aMtionthe service*water at tie foot of York street, Jersey-City. The brothers of our distrnguished Mayor. Macdonald, JNTed J of fdurJMetropt htm $&£$$, two wagons with fottrOn the arrh'&l of Garibaldi in Sicily, the Neapolitanofficers, in derision, used to say thatit was one of the gray pants, blaek satin vest. and bfcogans. His- right Price, James Caaack^aid a number of Ofher celebrated horses, a steamboat w h t & special man in charge, old Sinibaldi who returned to,claim hasowh. The handgraspedapiecdofthree-quarterfo^hrope,knotted professional^pegihstsybsvebeenalsoengagedtoaccom-' and two menand a womanav^6 Islandtoreceiverdeceased was apparently a seaman;, and was dressed inbwe $2,500. Mr.E.R"Price of Boston, who isr Bridge, which feed•our distributing reservoirs, are identification of the body, ware fouad ih the pockets: probably, the.mott accomplished profewor of sparring ia three feet in diameter, but they having proved iaadc*-as even savages respect crinoline." Now, as the understood long ago that a programme was agreed body was then conveyed to the Bergen?.Hill Cemetery, will be given at the New Bowery "SPheater. We can- will.lije nycessary to raise the presfeat parapet waffspeech was not reported, except in a brief abstract of iy. upon, and for a fortnight everybody has been on the- aad placed in a-vault. j * tiptoe of expectation, waiting for something to be seemcontained in The Evening Post, and as that contained And _yet the last report is that the Committee are in-no allusion.whatever to Mrs. D., I wish to state wha-i anguish over the preliminaries;, groaning.and traveling; ACKNOWLEDGMENT.—A check was- received ye»-not vouch for the'truth of the rumorthatthe U&rothers about five feet. r£he dirthafrbeen thrown off from1 the Henry and Ben Wood will have a friendly set-to.- old pipes, and taken away from the nrzsxm work. Jfthe work is not permitted to go- on the dirf will have t» was Said; as tbe phrases '*very bitter," &C, and the an entire evening and night about matters which a tferday by the Hon. S: A. French, CMef Engineer of T H E ALLEGED BAXTER STREET MURDER. —We' be put batek, altogether incurring an expertte of 8everaI,There are, however, certain fundamental principles,hj a study of which we can gain general ideas uponthis subject. For iostanoe: we know that there hasbeen in Great Britain a bad Winter, a bad Spring, anda^very unfavorable June. An unusual amount of runhas fallen, and great damage has been d me to grainand gra*e by this and the many successive weeks ofcold weatber. It is f*ir to count on a diminished to appear in print. E S I «£SS ticable projects. Action is wantea, and especially•little common sense would dispose of in a single hour. innuendoes " &c, «fcc," used so plentifully by the edit- The trtuble, it seems, is to- decide between the mag-the Jersey City Fire Department, for $250, to be paid learn that District-Attorney Waterbury has givennn thousand .dollars.' The new pipe will soon-be needed' to the charitable fund of the Department; from E. Cu- | order for the exhumation of the body o f Juan Gacta-' to furnish water for the* Fourth-avenue main about t&nard) esq., in acknowledgement of the service which rino,.tbe Spaniard, who is supposed to have been mur- belaid.ors of The Express (and never used by me), have been nificently impossible, and the humbler possible, and we construed by other journals, who have copied the ver- don't know who will be the conquerors. Of this weare certain, however, the citizens are losing patience,Tne foDowing is the ante-mortem by Paebb-r, before Coroner Gamble:depositionmadeCheese—Number of p o u n d s . . . . . . . . . .H«>nry Pa*-bIor being doly 'avrorn, deposes and says:at No. 115 Third street; on Sunday nigbt I railed, at Mr. Meyer* lagerbeer saloon, in Third street, between Fir*t avenue and Ave- nue A, about 1<>o'clock, to get'a glass of beer; when about leav- ing the saloon, 1 met a woman at the door, who asked me to bring her busband (the prisoner) from the saloon; I returned to the saloon and told the man she pointed out as her husband, that his wife was outside, arid wanted* to see him; he replied tbat he would go directly: we then had a glass of beer together; be left'-•-_-' ' Street-Cleaning. Numberlof carta employoo....^.Number of loads ofoshes-aud garbage removed....' Number of loads of streei-dirt, filth, &c„ removed.Amount earned by sweepers .....$1,373 50 Amount earned by dlrt-cartmen.......... 1.038 22 Amount tarncd by ash-cartinen..,.. 1,T76 63Jager was then committed to prison by the Coroner to answer. He Bays he was drunk, and does not re- member the occurrence. The physicians have little or no hope of Paebler's recovery.to run between Canal street and the Bowling Green for three cent?, it would be a very great convenience to business-men, aad i especially to us clerks, wilohave to go many times a day to Wall street and the Post-Offioe. A s the price now i«, w e cannot afford to ride, and the- omnibu»es rap during the middle of the day al- most empty. If we could have the fate reduced to the prfce:I have named, w e would fill the omnibuses, and give the proprie- tors many hundred .aoUara,- without increasing their expenses one copper. Some of the omnibus and railroad lines now carry passengers on the avenues for three cents. The recent extension.. of trade 80 far up town demands this increased accommodation; and if omnibus proprietors hope to keep railroads out oT Broadway, they mnsttry to meet tho wants of the public-New-York, July 28^1360. , Wi>V; •' ' • • .THE TKMRERATE/ZOC-AVKS.—One good reason whyevery one felt so kindly to the thoroughly-drilled Z»n*v<s, w a s that they set a good example of Temperance. A a example/just • now particularly needed. Said a physi< «m to me, a day or two» -#LmfL H^If; bi8m £*.• U«, •,'•.!padvice t>ervee as weH as a severe punishment. Theee' after which his body was placed in the street by Mar- figures cJo'not include the bail casecp^hich"wouldalone •there he was murdered and robbed by Bavendaran, garet and the- murderer. The house in which they allSome of tbe later sorts will make a>moderate crop. Up McMenomy, the: ball'; just grazing bis abdomen, andto this time, the pickle crop, which is an important one slightly raising the skin. Driscoll was immediatelynear the city! has,obstinately refused to give any arretted bj Serjeant Horrigan of the Twenty-third accompany the Great Eastern on her trip to Cape May,promise. This rain will.revive the hopes of planters. Precinct, and held to-answer .a charge of attempt to So it will of those Wno have sown, buckwheat and kilLturnips. The seed of the latter, which, according toaheoldsaw, -Sergeant Dickson, with four efficient officers of the Detective force, were detailed for that eervice.CITY INSPECTOR'S D%I»ARTMENT.—The following is the City*In8pector'8 weekly statement of work done under his supervision: ' •"Sow your turnips, w e t or dry, On the 25th of July," * •night a stabbing affray took place at the corner ofFourth street and Avenue A, between two Germansnamed Adam Jager and Henry Paebler. They hadpreviously had some- difficulty, and on meeting asabove some angry words passed between them. Whilein the midst of the quarr*l Jager drew a knife andwas scattered in dust like an ash-heap, will now vege- tate, particularly as the rain has been followed by a hot, damp atmosphere. Beet of all; perhaps, is the rain upon the. pastures an<* mowed fields,~which had... Abatement of Nuitancei.i&STABBING AFFRAY1.—At a late hour on Saturdaystabbed Paebler in the abdomen, inflicting a frightful Number of loads of nisht^soil reoiovedfrom city limitsDead horses removed from cityljmits. wound, through which the intestines protruded. Jager Doad c.ovru removed from-city liriiitsall fanners it is a most acceptable rain, a^|.?mcet ofthem would have been iihSaall^^^^^^sw^^^^: was promptly arrested by the Seventeenth Ward po- Dead dog* and other-small animals removed from city limits. 838"I resld308 .7,643 l5,14aTHE SUSPECTED SEAVEK KATE.—Thisvesselisstill since,•"Littledopar«rit»knowwbatahot-bed of iatemperanoe lying in the basin at the Atlantic Docks. Deputy- and free-driuiing .soa»« of our most celebrated raiments are. Marshal Thompson intended to overhaul her cargo yes- Mrs. —!—- would be. pained if she knewthe fact that her dashing •INTOXICATED,the law constituting the Department of Charities andAND DISORDERL YCorrections,theBoardofCommissionerswereem.-- CbaU»sIto^er,anativeofGermany,,ag^d21y*ars,wb*diedPERSONS.—Un*ler-CottONim's INQUESTS.—Coroner Ja<«Jnnan. held.j»<"Ten Governors" a large portion of the City Prisonwas kept almost constantly full of men and women, from a scaiiold The deceasod was. a nitive of SijoUai^L,:committed by our Police. Magistrates for ters.days (haom a scaffold at No. I l l Greene lUreet,. A y«dxQto£ awideataj. dcatb was rendered.ytari of age.A BCKCIAKIOCS Tiuo.—Ou Sunday nigbf the osera-itcs cf Frederick Vertowelient No. 50 Fprsyth sVeet, were en- tered by three burgl»«* and rojbed of at out, * IS. worth of Noth- ing aud j«-welry. Omcer Brower of the. jPpnth Pnacin. t, vibe had been watching the movemerjks of tbe Uurglars rbr soaie time b e - foro tb«y entered the house, arrested iAern. imsntidiatelr e n their com ing out .again, and fou"wl all the cfcolen ptoperty inth*ir poeIon. On being taken to the St'Jion-H.oi»ae the tbWes rave te»alonthis account they were called " Revolver?*"Now andthen a fow would be sent to the Island for four or sixtheir names as George, fciaguire, G^orge.Ceniling, ami Timothy locked up to answer.FATAL FALL.—On Sunday evening Patrick Con-months, with a view to their reformation, but the ma- Biien. They were taken before Jtektice Steers yestorday auiijority of them were sent to prison repeatedly for tendays only. The expenee of maintain>g these drunkenperEons was enormous; yet, under ^he old law, therewas no relief. The psssent plaa o£ transferring to the 155 Cherry street, and was. instantly kitted. Coroner GambJe>B0.TWWK, HittopollUu Hotel BuUdinf, rfo, 57tBwS!t5% * !IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069:.-j-.-.-—.-,.— ••- -— iiulr,iMirii»«Miri»^ifitiiiir>»»-<»tl^irir.i<tH|i!ririii«««iiiii»V^Bii>»»^M»u-.i>w<Untitled DocumentPOLICEBUSINESS ATT»*TOME*;--TtemagfeitrateerComplaints of nuisancoa, &o., receivedComplaintti for which no cause existed...............'.L\ o i l C O B &GT * C O * * • • • • • • * • • * • * * * * • • • • • • * • • • • • * • • • • • • • ' • « • • • • • • • •24S"4 . i O C 28S318 ' 1,344Vt 'Abatements of noisaneesr urid^r noticeSinkf and vrater-cloeetw cleaned-, .*.... •. ^ . . .1,000* Number of laborers employed.. ....—-.-.—.......w . ^SJ* •SIR: If our Broadway omnihuses could he inducei-son W-—-could not be taken home during two whole days and nights of last week- without breaking his good mother's heart, because he was so dvvnk. Let, then, we say, the good tomper-liurits.receivedontbel9thof Api», irt c-OJequeuce of f«UiMC injPORTRAITS.—24 Photogniph liken^aue*8 www.fultonhistory.com+*^fmto***)MTMv*mi^iWKmMi,I,| « i~ '£&•; n xujmjiau.'_ 