 berty stand ia stature and tod, aad O V I ^of! ,^¥ totlbtrecoi*sB»<!ffMmfjgit;»e8lave. Bo,toe,frommerriment.) »littod menoftbeby hie Mania (Lend applause.) Hence heto tbe habit Of elprSMtog hto Jprnton in platetbatcouldnotwellbemisunderstood,and yetheinsuthamannera*toreaderitimpossiblethathectvetiflt nee, even to those who chanced to be hU poloppccei-ls. He renewed M a thanks forthe magnir etepti« n extended to him, one that had indeed aarpran!weightedhim,andwouMBOWtakehisWavebyl AsLvswrajovs(TsarsTaw:*.—MrAfc.Barber,fLcm to sacristan. ffcivil$i ft siftvvfeoldcr, MMS ift fow«r of c*** •^r**il,?^fT functiontaelikecause,1*Gen BoaatonrocoociletftoH. Meverthe regardtothewrongsdonetheIndian,helaastea- world. ThesemengoOram_•theborderSlatesfc for beyondth*most aangoae «. mate*, white In qbto, Indiana, New York, F e n r M ^ and Hew Englsad, outside ef the tar** town* and J T it has remained nearly stattonary, . ^ ^arriitdaVeryiTs*WWto,todestroytboscrights;andbe whohaslonglivednearhim,toldmeyearsagothateven Clearly sets tbat tr civil a s w s i n ^ i taaant abdtsh sto-« W T , l t a ^ i hto ewe »rmetow •» «MOI create It. Br. Douglas ta eminently kind to the tick and sufferingPoumeat, JeewjM» » A!-*«AMA—The (Alabama) ^tdwrriwr, having glvee a potUieai tion of tbe papers in that State, ea-s ~fa* VtM Prmtotoaabsa wmtm a mauake. the only pom -round hun. Alas, even the other Presidential candidaterepeats.lion a t M B aafoten tb* »** «f Slavery, whteh ha couldto*** taken wttfe eenetotency, be has (ailed to take. Inace breath be makes property in man to be as full M pro—*+r ia mj tb»** •'bw—as property " «*"whatever kind.' vtoam. Moreover, no man has spoken more sublimelyThere to a split hi the democratic party, this fa-.t" not be denied, and it to bettor for the party and country that It Should be calmly considered by tbe ' cratic masses. W e hoar much about "ottoe hot Tbecry hasbeen used bytheMack republicans everIt will be seen that Bell aad Everett have nearly twiceas many newspaper supporters to Alabama, as Zfeugias. M* miles tbrosab brush, brier-.wheat and earn aad tbat BreeklnrldfB pad Lane six times as many papers aad same* tw* habto*—called cae Avaes Bacbaato each, and to deprive bis opposition to each of the ' aad Pares o f a contest for a principle. The only ! Para prtor*ple»at this point It that which the abo-volved in tbat memorable struggle. (Bravo.) Thatnecttcut, to say nothing of other States.for tbe lam tea y*m*>ttjBlrM would be hotter (for all con-cerned) to make two or more dtotioct a-overameott of the Total ......2,078 zr'il territory comprising the edited States ef America—and Thisto an incresee sf only about nine par cent em'tk.1*r prupertt. But, Mr. President, yon did consent to herfjmt ao nun m these parti<* that bluek the wayget out of lbs way. T?<•renilt *'ill be, not tbia or Ihaleoudji ion, this or that liability, of a Territory; but a na-tion all overspread with slavery, or all emptied of it. Theresult will be to ghe the lie to the "Declaration of Independeooe," or t" hunor lie great doctrine, that "alt men Christian, were Jesus again on the earth, would you are created equal." vote to have him lead the force: for returning the poorIt is true that many members of the republican party slave to the tilsabiiitief and tortures from which he hadregulations of the democratic organization, and as jPre sident Burhausn suggests, neither having beenj nomin ted under the rules of the party, democrats .will not be bound to eupport either, but will vote for one or'printing office has'probably boob destroyed. Mr. Har- cent on the total popula .km of t he Stow. Meriden, baugh has arrived at St. LoulI, and publishes a card de- numbered 2,570 inhabitants to 1850, it now cred tea w' federal govrrnment has exclusive jurisdictiun. Hut they all acquiesce in the propositttm that Ibis government ' has no right u> array imelf agaiuKl rlavery in theflow, then, can yon consent to vote for Mr, Douglas, or Mr. Lincoln, or a n y other man, who virtually tells you that he Is willing to lead them* H*^ not party spiritNKW H-urreniRK.—The Cmcord correspondent of the Boston Traveller thinks that in the Coming contest Mr.i States; and nearly all' wuul.i accept the logical so blinded you* Nay, ha* >t not corrupUd you'1 What is too , queace that this government is boned to pritect State abominable for Christ to do Is tooabomtoabbfor any ! slavery from all foreign aggression. In a word, all the near, to do; and tbus would you yourself decide ia evcryJudge Douglas can get one electoral vote. We had p u p posed be could car;; h is own State. But lour tickets, it; to announced, will be run there, and w e must confess that tbe present state of the case throws a doubt over the, result in Illinois.Lincoln will receive in New Hampshire 88,500 votes, Mr. 470,000, or 30.000 short of half a million.Douglas 81,000, and Mr. Breckinrlugv 2.500. KAKBXA. MAW» —By tbe l/uited States ceqstt? tbep^pta woman. One can hardly fall la his social inter- with the General to be pleased with him Mr.Doog- s, loo, would nave the flight of the slave arrested, aad allthe greater to the crime la him from fail having been edu cated In Vermont and New York. But I hare seen pleasant things to Mr. Douglas, and a relative of mine,moot, from douth OarollBa, from Yirglaia, from Germanyl _om_ Ireland, from all parts of the « - — • - *_—_ «th—eycot there they carve o u t uieir o w n homes, erect theirown houses, lap out their own towns, erect their ownchilroltoJtiVmtthltoh their own schools and cottages, aadlay there tbe foundatmns of society, and ertsfoflsh JustBnch IneMuiionsas they believe will behest for thim-selves and the* peaterMy Rawer. ('Goof, good »and applause.) I believe that tbey a r t entiledto that great nrrrllege of ee f-governmeot. It won'tdo for you to tell them O a t a particular aystem oftowstogood and another bad, and therefore they must nothave " They have an inalienable right to determine torthemselves what Is good and what is bad That to theirprtrDege, and not y»urt, Ton yodge foryomwelves; letthemdetermineforthemselves. Tbeyareresponsibleto sincetheybadapartyorganisation,aadittonowtakeu the same Divine Providence as yob are. Tbey have g e tconsciences of their ©ww, all well a s y o u . tbey leavechildren behind them to be blesaed or to he cursed bytb* arts <>f their ttthers, as well as you. Let them workout their own salvation; Make their own laws; establishtheir own iastUutkms; manage their own affairs in theirown way, and he re*ponsibie to posterity and to the Al9 t t MESWBBOU Iii»oc*ACT.--The S t. Paul Jffas*esfrf»*n saysttat when al! of the democratic papers toi Minnesota bare taken then* position, tbey will stand eleven far Breckinridge and Laae, aad four for Douglas aad Johnseak iietant Marsha] hi Lawrence county, Ohio, thus tun* _ hto weiawlabm tea ante totholnited a*** Mai*?"I commenced on Monday at twelve o'clock-aft»«X~' ten miles f r e . borne, vtsttid weery howr'ta U w S towmmrp, mfod tMrty pages of 8rheduleN*. l feT* No. 4, aad took all tho other auttotics. He waUudors »leo stand against, instead of by the side of, the poor, trembling imploring fugitive! And yet, in respect to temperance, Mr. Lincoln to reported to h tve a very clear« » • , t ^ t h be adiiiJa that the State caa abolish aro- than himwIf on the " Declaration of Independence."r authority ia paramount to that of Kentucky. To re been consistent, then, be should not bare admittedgood emmas should At least they might to be Bored as worthy as office seekers whose virtues hareBow painful to sec hi One, who has so many claims to our rerprctandadmirali-.a,sowideadeparturefromJustice and mercy—aad that too hi the very,<w» whefeJaaMoe and mercy are moat called f o r !Bot however worthy may be the gentleman I bare , I must Bot vote for any one of them However tgatod may he the crime e f their pro slarery ° 7 *hemtoleading forrea of their cduratlm and eiWBWUBcea,asDouglas,nearlyfourtimesasmanyasBellandtTserett, and more than twice as many as Bell aad Douglas earn- bused. . . . . .Iowa -Tbe Breetrinridge demorrato of Iowa are to hold a grand mass Bute convention, te Itovewrort, m orAugust. ,tbeotherLewtoStftord. FfotobedtbetownsbtA*~*~nm ,1.4_>HcA<iIwS...M~ -.- * 'day BOOB,and walked home a distimce of Sfteea mtteWrtiaet. 'And *» this time tbe mearosury wasM»degT{ rcBbelt."MaaiB CsacWF* terrass —The Maehtos Vntm Bowlag ce*Bta returns, with tberance of the wickedness of aiaverv, but my kwwtodge of that "wickedness mast govern my vote. *JJ^, , i5!!7 vote would not be excused at "the hatiay" ottthe ground that my candidate did not know the sin of slavery but it would be condemned on the ground that I did knowin endeavoring to keep the democratic electors ~in tbe support of a single ticket again** the c o mmy. It will he well for the people to consider this grave charge, and decide for themselves whether it to reallr a•bolaiii&g'alavary —or, In other fords, to her abolishing to husband or wife, parent or child, and no more to be terity a common country In all time to come. Let us cul- tiotal organisation, ta which the friends of State rightsj thoWe prefer Mr. Lincoln before either of tbe democratic K56..nominees, and if driven from our support of Mr. Hell bythe trtacbery of our leading men—If our party to to be Aloes of.sold cut to either wing of she democracy-—then w e are Number of dwellings, 200 of faaiili?s, SIT. h"n_inropertv in man What then beeomes o f the basis floe permitted t o read t h e Bible or spell the came e f Jesus,tivate that paternal feeling between every portion o f thisUnion which existed in the times of the Revolution. Letus cherish that forbearanoe towards the people of otherStalte that they cherished towards eaiu other. Let us bis friend- and supporters. It is claimed onone hand, that for Lincoln, with tens of thousands of others in good old of unoccupied oweliicgs, 7. mind oar own business, manage our own affdrs, and lei Mr. Douglas Is regularly nominated-, on the other, thaihi- Maryland.trine of"your speech—that properly is property—and tint would be tbe excruciating thought that to this possible propertyinme*toassacredasa»yotherproperty*The andevenprobableenddid1castmyvote,whenIcast rigiibJ of projerty are as inviolable aad lodestroctiole as it for one whom I knew to be In favor of consiguiug •base of persci—and the jesttikratioo of Pennsylvania tbem to this fate. No, I must not vote for such an oue.constitution and tbe Union, North and South, can act to- gether unitedly. But in the lew weeks of thte campaign there will be two Presidential candidates. Each will haveIf others with their vi*ws can, I with mine tor K.-oUntng slavery is that she iberein touched no cannot. If there are others who can afford it, neverthe- Rights of property. less I cannot Some there m ay be Whose stock of Jost here let a v say that the parties vastly over- righteousness IJ so large that a balance would be leftour neighbors alone, and then we will live and dieInpeace, (apptoose.) My fellow citizens, I awe you an noaiination was in violation of tbe usages of the demo-apology tor having detained yo,; thus long. (Ones of " Go cratic party, after refusing senfe to a large number otfdetbe past year, IS.on " ) I am deeply Indebted to you (or the kindness you legates w h o had a legitimate right to participate inj the rate the importance of the petty issues between them. them even after voting (as does every voter for a slave have manifested towards me I came to B*toa a proceedings of the Convention. At tbe same time Mr.SrrpRicsflox OFa BLACK RCWBOCAX Plana u MBSOCSJ.— Mr. 8. Harbaugh, who has for three years published a neutral paper at Lexington, Missouri, called the Cttivrns'CoNNBcnrn.—Tbe Hartford Ttmt* has some scatterinformation as to the preautt census; but not nw?apprehend, than to make a good guess. It thinks Nee"HJO battto is to be fouahf . botwecn the alave- catching Presidential candidate) to set the whole army LoMer* and the a.-KhUutiiei": and it will be fought and navy of the United States against the Innocent fugi-stranger, and you have treated me as a brother. When I return to my own dear prairies of Illtnotg. I shall c*rry with me, fresh In my heart, the grateful recollecti.m of the kindnt-hs and civility with which yot: littrally over-ven and Bartford together will exhibit aa increaseof Breckinridge did not get a nomination under the rules and Public Advertiter, has been driven from tbe town, and hto 40,900, which would be, of itself, an increase of Utive. Bot I have no such surplus goodt ess to vote upon; and therefore for me to cast Kach an unrighteous vote would be to reduce myself to utter ai.d immediate mora!7,309—an increase of 3,830from 3,02i* i> nearly 6.000against 2,000 in 1850. The borough of Banbury anuatl ever 6 0t0. which is larger than tbe whole town, techinsolvency.-^the other as their preferem.* s may dictatesplit that all good democrat* must deplore.exists; and it is evident to every impartial ©bserver|that POOR PIERCE O.V THK STUMP It 18 reported in N ew ding tbe present » w n of Bethei, ten year- ago. The* Mr. Breckinridge will carry full one third, if not quite Hampshire, that ex President Pierce will take tbe stumpone-half, of the electoral votes of the Union. But inf tinrmrthw believe Jbat the North is pledgeil by the countitu- ra*e where the spirit of Chrtot and not the spirit of party vast assemolage before him. H<? had never received theprobably be successful, auu the peoale there are moving 5,577 females Tbe population in 1*50 was 0M2; gaal to effect It. Without a union those States will go for Liu-; Defender, belonging to the people's party, supports the 1422. Merrimack, Pelhaca, Hudson, and Utch; ••.<: bar*coin, certain. Strange as it may appear, under these cir-i national Union candidates for President and Vice-Presi- all decreased in population since 1850. »tIon, not only to return the fugitive glare, but even tomarch Suutb for the defence Of Kavcry. Truly, this la i being pledged to the perpetration of enormous wicked-prompted the dec ision, slightest «intimation that*any demonstration would be 1 said that t must not vote for a slave catcner. My pro- tna-ie on his arrival here, and he had expected to be per- fession ot deep and tender interest for tho slave is a life mitted to retire ouietly to hl3"reat. and to receive tbe l o n j o n e . T o t o r n n o w a n d v o t e a g & l r : - t M m — t o v o l e v i s i t s o f a f e w o f h i s f r i e n d s i u t h e m o r n i n g . H e f e l tcums-tances. the Douglas leaders, or office seekei.-•, oppose! dent, and Andrew G. Curtin, the black republican candi- BAUIMORK —The Depntr lotted .-Utos Mar^ai* aa the union. We can account for tbii only iu one Jvay. rapidly progressing with the taking of tbe census of Becitizen who may be in the remotest parts of the republic,or sailing upon the broad ocean; but I will as-sure you thatthere to not one of yon who claims greater pride, either intheworkitself,orinthegloriousdeedswhichitwasturns trwoi. Is not the North! then, the more wicked— made to commemorate, than the citizens of my own Illi- tion of property. The Northern man asks no Oocgres-right to detmnd the return of fugitive slavoa. The North believes it to b e murauiy wrong—constitutionally rigbt.lut morally wrong—fo»returnthenVaudyetre-ward. Yours, JOSHUACHiiDI-M To which he responded in the fallowing manner—JOWUA iBUiiuns, C.Q.. Caiu.no-;'.ig,tbbu :—In consequence of the unprecedentet demand for t' meat boueea since the result of tbe census tjk:ag « known, I have to announce t o you that there is no b« in tbe Liceth ward, »•at a reasonable rent," that toA communication published in tbe HKRAUDof this day,tbe Stole. A salute was lired and there v.asp grain eH and signed "Quill,'' does me great injustice. I beg of you, this announcement may not affect your wife's heisionn! code for the protection of his property. He takes his property into the Territory subject to the local laws, and he depends upon the local laws for its protection. The southern man stands upon the same footing. When the Southern man claims the rl^ht to go to t i e Territory with hi- property, he gets with the same right tbe North-and looking to that local law for Lis proteetion. Tbe Dred Scott dscision declares that slave pro perty' in the Territories is the same as otherproperty, and stands on the same footing. If so, ft is subject to local law, the same as other property. This outcry for sectional laws in a Territory for the pro- tection of one description of property alone, evinces ex traordlnary ignorance of the whole policy of the Terri- torial government of the country. If we" ate willing to Uust the people of the Territories to protect tverv othernopk>, he ncviriheleas oould not bo of that wiling to recognise the paramount authority of theparty. But there i£ not th« slightest ground for it. British Parliament a i l the British crown over all matters speciis of property, and to regulate every otfter relation the Union to not boned to maintain any sort of andthingswhichwor>:imperialandnotcolonial—overall inlifeinaTerritory,whyarewenotwillingtogivethem government in Constantinople. But it ut bouud to main that aiTected the general welfare of the empire, without too same power m regard to slaver;? W e allow tbe tain--arup-ibiicauformof government"' in CharSostori. Interferingwiththelocalanddomesticaffairsoftbepeople LegislatureofaTerritorytomake lawi laregardtothathe mpro corrupted—«f the two} Certain is it to my >• vn ffiiact that the Vortn boars a more corrupting relation to slavery ti.au does the Suath.Charles Sumner, that pure and brave and strong andWir::ed man, doea, la his speech of day before ycaterdajlu New York, dwtinctty convey the ilea that th e American Union is no more responsible for slavery in Chtrle*-ton than ia Conatantiaopie. llow otherwiae could he put our independence and of our liberties. Let the sons h!8?«ei' in I"no with the repnblioan party?—especia ly of these brave sires prove true to the principles wbiun alter baring ehot ao far aliead of it in his recent masterly gave rise to the Revolution which forated the foundation speechinCoagress?But,itHimpoaaibteformynubluofourwholepoliticalsystem,anduponwhichatonethis friend to bring himself Into harmony with that party.There is not room enoosh with in its exceedingly narrowlimits for a soul so great—so .expaoUeo by the love oftruth—as Is his. Even were there ground for govirnment by each colony in everything that rt'atcd to hia comparison oetwoen Charleston and Conava: tl- their domestic and Internal polity. Our fathers wereand bedroom la m y hotel, and for the use of which I number and variety of questions asked. None a* war^s have y e t been completed; b u t it is tnosgfcHilc:.pit- But it it' bound to put them down iu CLarleatoa. lj ment, jfeu must not interfere with our firesides and ourNewspapers were purchased and sent toalaiery ineonii<ati»>lefaith rcouljliciSlhiiur tbeu the Unioniuuatrwt l^wnaiavirjvverywhtrewithiathel'mon.aidao mast it uu if slawr> haabeeii or is sure to be the sourc-jofUss>i.rreuiousin»n>cftheMates. Itmustnotper- withouttheInterferenceortheBritishParliament"(Ap- mit the tajcty of a Mate, MM,through a :.;tate. the safetySiardian and ward. Why not, then, allow them to make wsinregiud to the relation of master and servant? Is there am thing more sacred in that relation than inan}otheriallfeV Wasittobesupposedthatthepeople tea territory would not make such law3 at would best promote their own interests? He could see no reasonyouaasmtf Yours truly, H. CBASSTOS.S> DBAPIR.of the Cn.n, to b« thus endangered ny the existence di slavsry.violated either in StateorTerritory,provinceor that the whole anion to bound to iK.-ud it— colony, (applause, and cries of '•Good."; If w e only remain Uitbful to the fundamental principles,ooast'.totiao. that a .^tate may to ootrago ail just concep- eerns m their own way, without taterferln* with tho3ecfpert Mr. Sumner admit that the constitutiou toleratesa Territory? Are they not citizens from Sew York and prork Hotel identifies itsell with no political paiti-" iu fromeveryotherStateiatheUnion?Andarenotthe{thiscampaign,butyouarewronginpresumingthat1tions of •% tfubiicaa form of guvtsniui^ntj'-" as to set up .nr.:- slavery, or may iurni- o those frigh'.fut asate- kr "i*.ome«itc violence" in w'lleh slavery abonnda, a>c does he virtoaliy admit that the whole nation Ispasses from a State to a Territory? Thov were told thatthe peppleiof a Tewitorv have such rights as Obngross hasspecially delegated to them, and no more. That was thr-very doctrine that brought on the Revoiutio*. which re-sultedinthefreedomofthe United States TheBritl-hgovernment told us thtt the colonies had lust so muchright at the crown delegated to them, acd nomore Thecolonies replied that they did not receive their rights butchers and tradesmen or New Jersey ar* to met* tin Extra for meals furnished in room, being four meals from the crown, but from God Almighty, and that ttxe\ •Change in Trenton, to Ox upon the prices find tr«>nsfirresponsibleforit—asre«pomibteundertheconstitu:ionto lnllhnoi3, differing from those ta theSouthernMates, abolish •:, as in the former case t wus responsible under diftering from those upon the Pacific coast. Waea Ithe con-iUutioXt to maintain it. come to visit you, yon receive me with O'-.u arms, wel- Would tha; my dear friend nWsfat dtor-mbarmis hiavwlf come me amongst you, aad show me even thingM l c e l l a n e o n s P o l i t i c a l Ic< CO-NVKSTIONDAYINThaVTON,N.J.—THE BJCTCHT^ ANDoneandaquarter day. Board for child (half price) Parlor one day at d a halfticularly where the parties have been la this co!*f*" lergth of time.The census of that portion of the Third ward •*,' $6 25 Fifthstreethasbeencompleted,andit shows aw*nois. (''Bear, hear.'' and applause.) This ha; been tome a day which I snail long cherish and remember. Ihave seen the spot where the first American blondwas she d, which gave rise t c | the American Revolu-tion, and now I nave the honor of addressing yoube rendered M comfortable" to a childless tenant H<from the place of all others which gave the impetus tothe revolvtion that resulted in the establishment of ern man does, subject to the local lav of th* Territory,he res[ionded to an address froir. ire Attorney Hcncr il ofrepublic can be miintalnel In its unity and its purity forever. The American Revolution originated in the as- set tion, by the people of the colonies, of the right of self-The Banner on the Outer Wall. SIMEON DKaPEK TO U1RA.M CBANSITON.JNew YORK, Jury i 0 ) i0bo. DEAIISIR—IpresumethoNewYork Hotelis notapo-tbemorningoftbe8tbhut.,withbiswife,childandtwon i van's. J c conformity with hto wishes, tbe beat parlorIt to not tou; it hi put down inturreetiim* in Coristanti. of the colony; but our fathers said to the British govern- relation or husband and wife, of parent and child, of the purpose of banging the banner of freedom (cp th|rstow. Mealswerefurnishedtohim,hiswife and childhealth. In neatly every ward, peopleofI0»;1"S.'* 110, kt, bavf been reported. In tbe Fourth wt'i to»- to an old colored man, who state* tbat he was stolet Srar.J the coast of Africa wiien but sixteea years of ait. ** tbat,afterparkingsafelytbrowghtheborrorfofaV&f on board a slaver, eventually found a master in G**?*.U AfterthedeathofhismasterhebecameUehrepswfl Lis master's daughter, who, on her dcat'a bed.art kn free. This happened about nine years ago, sicaftJ*hearth?tones. We have a right to our Provincial Leglsla tuxes,tomake ourownlaws,establishourowuinstitu- tions and n-'cage our own internal affairs in our own way,HIRAM CRAK9TON TO. SIMEON ORAJPEK. NswYORKnom,July16,1860.S. Dtursn.Esq.:—plause and cries of "Good, good," "hear, hear.' > The Revolution was fought In defence of the greU principle ofwhelmed me.I thank you kindly again.tailing tb e facts, declaring that h e was driven out be- cause he came out for Lincoln and Hamlin.New Britain baa latieaaa Vernon steads at EA£WY\isLY 23,Iuiaaeu Wiiatflfh* Statesh©^ undertake to abolish tv Ui the matoalese M a e a m i fieldsaround hi* tax- ., and to the hlghlr Improved breeds of cattle that J upon them—wonm be «ot real*! such aboittwnf Fromrbat 1 personally know of his spirit and intelligence, I vaa teaMfexatbatBOB**ro*W be»aforebintodeetafiag 0o4 and nature bare *aid what Improperly, and thatfa aistraetkm between slave property aad other tf net so brta* as that the republicans ito wfcfe as thai ackaowledfed by the ittes, suflfcwatU so, nevertheless, to give couote-sites sad eH oUier enemies and despiscrs of human to give back his brothers and sisters to the horrors and tortes, of provinces, at well as of States—to never having hold aay office and nev*/ intending to hold doubt; but it should bo done with foirneas aad Justice to rigtitf The sound thilitiootot tolerate* in nocircum- hell of slarery, I should be distressed. But had I voted make their own laws, establish their own go- sav, hiving no favors to ask; but being, as we bare '—-~ every section of the Union; and believing tbat the partynevcrthe.css am not permitted to vote In tt«r«*»n*sa mighty, hut to no other power on earth. ( Applause aad yet been tried fa any public capacity, the <" iof tbe Mate lanaoltsfc praparty in nmn. Hwhas httt am bound to vote in my own light. Net thotf igno- cries of "Good.' ) Gentlemen, I did not come here to sav that the office holders are guilty of a politicalhe FAVORor feseoirnos.—Tbe Camden (Ala.)hoists the Breckinridge flag, aad aeeompaatoB tbe eat Nwtbfcld with the following eat*-*mely (rack admrsslons:— , WeateySPEECH AT ALBANY JTLT 2 0 , 1880.Mr. DO.G:JI3, In a clear aid remarkably musical and distinct voice, said this day had been to him a series ofplaces, it to true, are among the most tbriring ntaring towns of the State, but there are plenty more hfafl them. Tbty ihow a gain of about 50,000, aad tbe agrr*| gate in tbe State, making due allowance tor ioaea,eagito he at least 100,000, making our present popidat •believe slavery to'be uocooatitni«iual whenever the eicaped:' The bare proposition is most abhorrent to you. surprises At every railroad stntion from Rot-ton to the present condition of the party it is difficult to say where in that State for Breckinridge and Lane.dtitg Lis fr!enr?s good nlgnt.Thas-IV <".£?».n e s s . 1 «>r m y o w n p a r t I d o n o t s e e t t a t t h i s p l e d g e e x, wis. But the North does; aad hence her only wise and that if he escape from rtwttelhnod to manhood he shall compeliesl to say that his *urprise at the magnificence of They desire tbat the democratic party ;shall be brbkea date for Governor. time re city, aad will complete their labors in about oa mChristian course is to entreat the South to liberate her be thrown down »gain from manhood to chatteihood— this demonstration was great, and that it was not only up, and tbat Liucoln shall be elected, on the supposition! DOCGLAS AT OLD JOHX BROW.V'S GAIXOW>\—The Spirit of month. The population of Baltimore will not be fennd t fromIteitherbycousi-ntirigtochangetheconstitutionat wouldnot(batbepiring anemshatic lietothigprofts- gratefultobibfeelings,butflattering tohispride. He •hathissuccesswillspeedilybefollowedbya disrupt.mi Jefferson, a democratic paper published at Charlestown, ha\ e reached the |»int many persons have placed it, as this point or by'ouc»enttng to let tier, the North, to e« fionr AgaiD, wh>u men get to be as old a? lam, they could nbt, however, but feel that this vast demonstration of the black republican party, with fragments of which from present indications will aot exceed !fi^,v <; inUab oat of the Union. Surety, the oeopteof the S>utb will have an especial u-a.->uu for not adding to the number of was not prompted by;a desire to do honor toad Individual, they intend to combine, form a new party, and ride into Virginia, where old Johu Brown was tried and executed, unii. The .Second ward, where the large foreign popui notinsistthat wefhill continue totrample uponour theirsins—particularlyoftheirgreatsins. Their"space butsprangfromthe"popularfeelinginfavorBftlmgreat office. Ibis,ithasbeensuggested,istheirplan.Wecan' cvaiscience* ami K.il ouf sauls by contributing to uphold for rejxntanfe" is reduced to a narrow one—too narro n principle of self-government which underlies Itll our free hardly credit it, bat still their movements appear to hive '• a KVstern, width, however luiiocent it may be in their to supply all tli" per.iteutis! tears whlcfc even one such institutions, and which alone can ensure the peace and much platisibliity to the assertion. If »ny such schemeanything which has a tendency to weaken the bondi of from political rowdies within a k w tears pasti eye*, is in our own ai'-.-e full of iojubtiee to man and dis enormous sin a« voting a man back into slavery calls barrrciiV and perpetuity of our government. Thore exists, it must inevitably be broken doatn comppeti the Union. Whenever Yancey and Bhctt arc sought to Eleventh ward lias increased since I860 al>out 1000honor to God than any other on earth. Let the South for. .-.ever had been a time when the Cuicn was ao seriously ly with the letmutation* of the present f residentialdo to the North as in an* exchange of circumstances, she But T am asked whether T WDUUI withhold my vote from threatened t y the evils against which the Father of our canvass.> would have the North do to the South. What if a candidate because 1 foresee on» official wronst in him,, Country in hi* farewell address cautioned his country- Now. for one moment let u^ lo-k at tha condition ofbe made the exponent* of Southern democratic senti- sixteenth ward bas increased about &.000, aad tbe Tment, the conservative men of the party will moat re- tietb ward about 6,008. lu ladO tbe popoiatto* ofspectfully ask to be counted out. And this conserva- city was 169,00b, wrbich wasaaincrenseot o»,OOSoker 1 Sao Northern fttates abonld adopt the policy of enslaving and yet feel ag.-ured that hewil! be guilty ef no tlherr men. We are now threatened with the organization of Connecticut. The democracy polled last April 40,920] and tive element is no mere corporal's guard. In this State Nov.. in 1660.lt will be some 230,000. an Increase of,her light haired people,, aad the "south should Oertainly, If that wrong is the murdering, or, what to sectional parties, bounded by geographical lines, and fell only 62» votes short of success. Since i»0<3they nave then bebildiPRasshedioesnow,inoomuion worse,theenslaving,ofhi-*fellowmen.Thewrongdone menacingthepeaceandhacmouyoftbewhalecountry.with the No'th, W the.doctrine of the absolute right of a to one man Is not rancell d by right dealing toward even The republican party demar ds the possession of the fede- gained about 10,000 votes, and cut down a majorityitto the groat mass of the party. They are notgoing tosubmit to a dissolution for the benefit of Mr. Yancey's increasing in the ratio of preceding rears GulfStates,andyettheyareprepared torest*:North- MADISON,Wis.—Deputy Maraht Hahich handeiern encroachment as quickly as Mr. Yancey or Mr. yesterday tbe figures o! the popu atioaof tbe First, Rhett. They want what to right; nothing toss, nothing cood and Ihlrd wards of the city. Tbey are SB fellows:State,aaagainstthenationalgineminent,todowhatshe allothermen. Moreover,Iamnotatlibertytofeelas- Lwill w.th her people—she would, of oour.«e, regard herself sured tb«t he who Is pledged to commit the moa tflagrant as constitutionally bound to uphold this policy. How injustice against one man will cot, wh<"n as strong temp- tation calls Tor it, be guilty of as flagrant injustice towardralgovernmentInorderthatthepowermayhewielded againsttbatnofover10.000toabout500. Thesameratedeeply desirous, therefore, would she be to be released from all responsibility for it. For she would believe it to be an exceedingly wicked policy Y et, what more wicked to it to enslave people because of their light hairthan because ef their dark skin.-I believe the constitution to boaatt-slaTery. I be-other men.Thereto but little hope for either temperance or free-for the purpose of controlling the domestic inst iti-tkins of of gains would carry ue through tbe contest of next Nothe various Territories of the United Statt-?. A Southern vember in triumph. Now,'shall the 43,920 democrats whoso nobly stood shoulder to shoulder hut April, remain sectional party demand possession of the federal govern- firm and united in the November contest, with a prospectment for a similar purpose; each proposing to wield the ol success or shall they be divided, and go Into the con. power in a manner adverse to the opposite section. The test with no prospect of a triumph? Six names can berepublican party demands that the federal government selected in Connecticut, of oil and reliable democrats,more. They are men, too, apon whom the democratic pa'tyinVirginia havetorely,andwithout whose ser- vices the party would ofUn have suffered defeat.DOIGUS MENix Omree —It is said that all the officers in the Custom House In Eastport, Me., are Douglas men.I ifrit WSTu., ,. •••••••••••• ••»• •••••••*••••*•>.••>! Second ward 1 Third ward 1Total In three wards 4jdom in cur aay. Too few ot their present friends aretheir true friends. God grant tbat tbe next generation shai: uee the power to prohibit slavery in thorerrltories, in whom every democratic elector has the ful est cjonfi mayhavetbewisdom,integrityandcouragetovoteaway whenthepeopleofthoseTerritories want slavery. The dence—thepreference*ofthreeofthemtobeInfavorofBRECEuntroox ASANORATOB.—Asa popular orator thereThesefiguresdonot indicate as hugea populationlieve that it imponea no obligation upon me to uphold and the dramshop and slavery. But in the mean time will Southern sectional part) demands that the federal gohgbt for murder la Maryland or for the worse crime of notour land be mora delusred wlvhrum than it to even vei Lment shall use th 3 power to prohibit slavery in the Breckinridge and of three for Douglas The conditions in is no man in the West hi3 superior: tan and commanding * tbe city as we had expected.slavery in Kentucky But constitution or no constitution, now r and (tearful question ' wilt it not also be deluged Territories, when the people of the Territories do cot their nomii-ation n a y be simple and unobjectionable to YORK. FKXN.—Tbe population of fork, Pens.. ••: I would have the North vote slavery to death, with the blood of the slaveholder and the slave': It do,>s want it.any demncmt who cares more for the welfare of the par in person, be exhibits tho most graceful elocution. He to new census toaabout 10.0C0 In 1856 tbe populuW < ty than he does for selfish ends; thus, If elected, thesix rapid andaehement in utterance, yet distinctly articu- 6,863. This shows a very handsome increase, bot not 1 votes of these electors shall be] given vherc they]Willi lates, lie combines an intellect of high order with great large as was expecied by many. The social aad indu'trdllie North, however, believes the CGns'.itntlon to not follow that because four millions of slaves ijsubmiI to be pro-slavery, aad that whilst It remains unch^ngel the yoke, six or eight millions will.such voting would bo wrong. Again, 1would have every i Bow, indted, can we hope for either of these greatA voice.—Well, tell us what you say yourseM?.(Treat the Hartford (A wn.) Dally Time*, July IP..D m t y tecp by tbe oBee seekers who support Judge Douglas, Gjeo- tiemeo selected fbr their capacity aad their vtrtueeJ to discharge official duties are entitled to asranchras other citiwns, so long as they behave themsetvmake a speech to you, but In tbe pretence of tbat monu-ment, and inspired by the place and by the wtole dtedsOf fJMSt immortal men t o whose virtues a n d patriotismthat work was erected, my attention was unavoidably di political crime to keep the old democracy together in Oon- of the rutted State*. Wa haw* unwaveringly aoacluded Plautotiou No. «*......*. rented to the consideration of the great principles in-' Fhould any one of the tve Presidential candidates belitionists are waxing against republicans, democrat*, elected,endIshouldseehimapplymf hisofficial powers ablerightofthepeople—thepeopleofcolonies, ofTerri ingundernoobligationstogovernment,Stateornatiottol— thatsuchwillultimatelyhedeae.thereeaabeaosortof censusofMid. "*'Staaees t!ie ctorm of property In span. II* respects (lad,aad cannot consent to sink to the level of brutes the being - anawiti fflsrIsaagsfor blm I should die of remorse. For I should feel that fats auperlatively guilty work was m y work—I having made it such in advance by my vote to give him the of flee, which I well knew he stood ready to use for this mo*tvernment, and manage their own affaire. Let us be true to that principle, and this Onion will torn forever. Let it never be said, let not the htsto rian ever record, that the children of those aires who treeted this temple of liberty were not competent to maintain it. Remember that when the Revolution began, Virginia sent her Washington to Boston to take command of the army. (Applause.) Remember that Northern and Southern men stood side by side in all of those great struggles Northern a n d Southern m e n from t h e free State* and the slave State* poured nut their blood In com • men cause, in order that they might transmit to their pos-;ev*many years pa«t, devoted to the weitare of thed cratic party, and being most earnestly opposed tojtbe present sectional and dangerous black repubBeaB party our readers will pardon u if we appeal to the democ vote: s th< lnseivi-, to take thi» .-abject into theirhands, and save the democratic party in Connecticut fl ^. .to which we belong la tbe car-' reliable one to carry But this measure, aad secure to our own section aB bar tights, we intend to battle for ite principles to the foMast extent of ourabiity.mnma IJMXHA.—Tbeeditorof theCumberland (Md.)Mnrnutotx Cotwrf, K. J.—Tbe Asshitaat Marsbsl k completed .tha eaamtration of inhabitant*- m tbt ti townships of North aad hast Brunswick. He hat tinlYtsbteai Hachanaa la bis speech of last Mmday asks iiriK"frrrt purpose. In that case the summons of thearhat he "B» a rVnnaviveoJan woSld say or do" in case itpjhould be ©.aatonoed'that a Territory could outlaw iron orMel And I ask him what he wonld sa\ or do In casefrSaairlranta Herself should attempt sorb ooUawry. IffoetostiU a man—if the poiiticto* bar not yet entirelyBo:.iMrit the man—bo would protapH resist his State,pad ieSut the idea of her power to strike down the rightsPresident for military or naval aid to the kidnappers would be my summons, and the guilt of It would crimson my soul as well as hfe For the stripes and tortures that wonld await the returning captives, I , as well as he, wouhl he responsible. Responsible I, as well as he, mr their tit out of a compelled and unrequited life-long toil. And the thought that they were no more to hare rightdismpUohre already remarked, their tea,sjaB in t h * L « * W * » tbe American organ, refcrrta* to a statementdo. Old Bridge... do. Spotswood... do. MiUstowa...prtoctpls was, 1repeat, the right, the inherent, inalien-Now, being neither officer holder- or office Beckers—be-w ehavei-ration. Whether thi- rptit ^hall Last logger | that the opposition party of Alabama had, to convention,Asnational organt?than the sixteen fhort week>: tbat intervene between this time and the Presidential election, remains to be seen. Of one tbing we feel certain. There will be a democratic na-- . .Here is a But still itW«PWI,p**||W«-Wl.W^.*^^^^'<P«p,'?*JJ'« •vrvt-l^i«.-P-.»».«y,i.MtWfW>{|capita! of the Empire Slate, he had been unexpectedlyreceived by large number- ur his fellow citiaens, givingh;m a greeting of which any man m'-iht feel proud. Theextent to which he had been compelled to acknowledgethese graliO i o , demonstrations might b e observed In hisvoice when l.e attempted to make'himself heard by the In Pennsylvania and New Jersey a union ticket would; PEOPLE'SPASTTOFPRjrxsvLVAsnA —The Norristown (Pa.) lation of Nashua is 10 064. rl which 4,4*7are nude-, «aJudge Docwnas would tell them what he said—nonin- most surely defeat Abraham Lincoln. If they can be of statistics will be a ver> interesting feature in the retai slave run away from Lis ma.-.ter, aul I would aiDrd him causes in our day ? The fi iends of temperance would like tervention by the federal government with the domestic any benefit to Senator Douglas he shall have teem. personal accomplishments. as the business of the town baa largt-iy increased. asd II every facility for his peaceful escape. 1 would tell him , to vote against rum—but the;- lore their parties too well institutions of the peopla anywhere and ererywherc. If they can elect Breckinridge, give them to him.i ROW AT A BKECKJXRPMIE RATIFICATION MniiTIM. IS T.OIL- real and porEonal wealth of the citizens oommen£uraaithehorse,theboat,thefood,thedothing,"andraneeuponthem.Astoslavery,theNorthdoesnotdis-stitutionoftheUniteIStates.Thefederalgovernmenteverydemocrate.skhimselfwhether.Inhisownmind,abovemeeting,holdontho14thiust.,says:— AUJCNTOWN,Paax.—Thenew^ntuscfthethrir<as 1 have been tolling him theae. twenty years, to "take to do so. Politics have a far stronger hold than tetr.pe (l.oud applause ) He would have the federal government If they can elect neither, but can still aid in de-1 enhanced. confined within the narrow limits prescribedfey the con- festing Lincoln, let three be given to each, j Loti VILIR—Ihe Louisville Journal in giving an account of theto believe in no rights of* property anywhere in like it enough to break away from all scruples and all was created only for special purposes, and its powers there is anytirng objectionable in such an arrange-the aooh, as against his needs—nor, indeed, in parties for the aaka of voting against it; and neither were properly restricted and enumerated by the constitu ment. It is not to form a revolting coalition with] op- Mr. Simrall. Col. Preston, Col. Geo. B. Hodge and othersboroegfa of Altentown ha* been completed, andthe following result:—Agrregate population—first wtt'J 1,567; Second ward, 1,648; Third ward, 1,878; 1 r . ward, 1.607; Fifth ward. 1.847. Total reputation. S K"wBl c°:tie Kortu either so long as It continues to bo North nor South to allllng to come into the amicable ar tlon. The question of •slavery and of the domestic insti- ponents, bot a simple proposition to keep the old demo- I to him an "enemy's country." IM> hita take what rargement of putting a*ay slavery by their consent^ tutions of the people was net one of the powers delegated cratic family together in this crisis—to coaccutrat* tha : he will, homau life alone excepted But the North, in- tosbaieiothe present less ol putting away the crime to the federal government by the sovereign States. Sup 44,000 democratic votes so tbat they will tell with effect.terpreting tbt- right of the slaveholder to hia slave to ba and curse for which both are equally responsible pose it should be admitted that tue federal government Did it wound your sense of political duty to act in harmo-atUmptod to speak, and perhaps did speak. They were seen successively upon the stand, brandiihing their fists, shaking their heads, working their mouths, and looking awfully red in the »ace. but no human being there could tell whether tlioy were actually talking or not. We ma- naged to get within five fe I of Governor PJWCM, and straining onr ears for fifteen minutes, tbe only words we heardfrombismouthwere"seventeunStates.1' Allpos- sible combinations of sounds, all manner of shouts, yells, and bowlings loaded the atmuspbore. A hundred sheriffs, each with a pewr comitatus, could not have kept the peace. The noise? of tho wild beasts of twenty extensive mena ' eeries let lo<'6e in a single amphitheatre would have been drowned and lost iu the hurricane of articulate and inar- ticulate sounds The rumpus was caused in port by Belt men, who "went to the meeting to attest their acorn of Col. Humphrey Marshall, who w as announced a s one of tbe speakers."NEW ALRANT, Ian.—The preseut population to repot! to be 13,000. 'jKirKB.-oNvu.ir, IND —The population of this ; W i l l cording to the returns, atnounts to 4.000.Vicxssrno, Miss—The Mardial of Vicksburg, eutn: with tbe duty of takit^: the censns, reports tbe pr pt of Vickeburg at 4,864. In 1S"0 the popr..u 3,678. This to a hcaltty, but not a large increase of habitants.Tbe EII.HTR WAKO or CINCINNATI.—It was announa Cincinnati papw some days eince tliat Deputy M Hanson, In taking the census of the Eighth ward ' rolled the names of ever 13,000 residents, recorded 8,000 families, enumerated sixty pairs of twins aiii, a eoi ftutior.al right, and holding every constitutional right to be sacredly Inviolable, and paramount tu every i ithtu right, whether in uarlh or heav o, cannot con- jEistanUy putforlli itshand inanywaytodeliverthej slave-.Ma.t repeat, iben, that the North, taking her at her own from a pilgrimage to Lexington, preparatory to visitingvicvr of her obligations, has ao other alternative than to this sacred spot where we are now assembled. Of ail thecast herself upnn the £ood feeling of the Sooth, aad peti- battle fields and all the places consecrated to patriotismtion tor a cbanve in the constitution or a peaceable rel-ase from tb» 1 uion. The right of such release—be itthe r leas* of the North or too South, the E-ist or the*flTeet—I argued in my speech in Oongrass on the MexicanTreaty. TbatrifUtl hold to now, and that right I be-lieve the *ulh to itist and generous enough to acknow1 cane from the plains of the Northwest or the shoresof edge. Asyon are aware, I am as ready to look South as the Purine, who does not claim for himself and hia pos- Noith for .uiticc, generce:ty and manlmeas. ;>o you say terity a share in the glories wlink tout ffionument was that th- South is greatly corrupted by slavery? She is, erected tocommemorate. (Applause.) You may imagine buttotmoretbaa theNorth. .Slavery isupheldatthe thatthemonumentispeculiartoCharleston,andthatyou South & ac-.o;dance with education. At the North In the nave a deeper Interest in that work than the American face cf education The South believes*it to be morallyple have the same right to move into the Territories gressmec, a Governor, Usgislature, &c , to elect boxt of tbe United States with their slave property as spring. If united this fair; so shall we present a compactMovements ofSenator Donglns. SPKKCH ON BUNKEK IHLI-, Jl'LY 10, 1S60.your fet lings to "give a long pull, a strong pull, ajoda pull alltogether"nextfall? United,youmaydefeaUtheMAVOK Ann F m o w Cirasas—i have j'iai returnedThis is certainBut, successful cr defeated, the democracy of Consjecti-by the blood cf our revolutionary father?, none Is s > dear to the American heart as Bunker Fliil. (•' Bear, hour," and applause.) There is not an American citiv^n upon the face of this broad continent, no matter whether he may be from the South or from the North, or whether he maythe Northern people havt to move into the Tenitorywith their horses and cattle, and tbat they are just asmuch entitled to the protection of the law. The veryproposition itself shows the ignorance that prevails in re-and powerful front next spring, and shall secure rnost grstifying triumphs, then. But iT divided this falLwe fear the breath will not be readily healed, ar.i that doxGERRIT SMiTH. should take the power over tbe iustu*g..eu of slavery. ny last spring, democrats of Connecticut? Wi 1 it hurtThen we should have a Kor&crn party lnsistiag that thewhole force of the federal government should be usedagainst slavery, and a Southern party insistlag that the common foe. Divided, you will yourjelves pe defeated. whole, force of the federal government should be used forslavery, and this would at once create an Irrepressiblecontile, that would be incompatible with the peace andharmony of the I nion. It was held that th ? ianthcrn peo- moment next fall s election is ended. W e have con-lation to the subject of the protection of property in the feats in the future will fall upon us. For the future wel-cut, wepresume, will not have fulfilled their mistion thtextraordinary number of children. 800a after ths Territories. When did the Federal government ever pass tsreof the party union in defeat in tho coming fall! w l | Dorf.iAS CAMPAIGN IVKXMRNT IN TUB Socra.—The Au- nounctment the census taker received the foljbe of as much importance t o us a s uuion in triumph} l alaws to protect the oxen and horses of Northern men in either case its influence must be great. It is for the!peo- L'usta (Ga.) CmuUtiUvmaiitt stales that there will soon be letter:—theTerritoriesottheUnitedStatesf Coagreishadnever ple inthevaiions towu3tosay #hethera uniteddpm* issued from thepress onehundredthousand copiesofCH:ILICOTHK,June14,II even passed a criminal code for the Territories. It was cracy shall go into the coming contest with a prospect Governor Johnson's recent speech at Macon and Atlanta. Mr. rENSTS TAXSK Of THK hluBTH W AKH, CINCINNATI, 0its duty simply to organize a Territory, giving it a Legis- lature of its own, and leaving tiiat Legislature, as the representative of the people, to make all laws relating to thedomesticpolicyoftheTerritory,andfortheprotec-of success, or whether, divided, « e shall bo plunged upon inevitable defeat.Would you please ei quire if a ootnfortabie tens* HON. ALBERT BISK M>R DOI'CXAS —The Helena (Ark.) could be obtained in the Lignth ward m yourcitvtSln>3<! states that tl e Hon. Albert Rusk intends stumping reasonable rent. My wife to anxious to settle is tneat!aaythat1shallmyselfoontiaueto^otothepollsIfIdonotlikethem1cangobacktoIllinois.(Ap-themselvesandtoregulatetheirowndomesticconcern^.tion.WhattheresultwillhewewillnotventuretoTotal $2776laoneofthewardsanoldladyw«^calledw^f^M.w*0»awtrt*fbrmen;whoarenotonlyantidramshopmen, plause.) And now, Mr. Mayor, permit mo to Now,ifweslk>wthepeopleoftheTerritoriestogovern predict,butwecaneasilyanticipatealivelytiaeaWtong fcupjho, know tag no law foe slarery, treat as nullities mvy to you, la return for the kind sentiments with themselves and to regulate their own affairs In ae sordaneemtmtever ecuru, conatitutions or legtotataree may say In which you hare welcomed mo to hunker m il in with tbe const tation of the I'aited States, we shall have the politicians. Tbe friends of Breckinridge and Lake, ofmsoe of It. My vole moat continue to be for men who the name of your fellow citizens of CLarteetown, if harmony between the North and the South, the lim-t and Douglas and Johnson, of Bell and Everett, arid of Hojustou cents leas tbaa be should have paid, and in precise con- man tbatof these twenty four twenty three •*" *"arecontentwithaadobedienttothelawofheavenin you will domeaadtheState that Ihavethe theWest,andthisUnioncanlastforeverfnthes\me I f f 2 : , . l L ^ ! u y - Increasingly ittofastod as I am with honor to represent, the honor of making us a principles as those on which It was original'.'/ founded. tbe cant of tha churches about Christianity. I must mwer- visit, 1 will lake pleasure aai pride in welcoming von te He would ask why the time of Congrats* sliodd be forever thalsBdcontmuetogoforChristianity. 1harenoknow- Ulluois;hutIwishyoutounderstandthatitisontheex- occupiedinthediscussionasIagitationoftots.question leage of Chrtot if it is possible that, in aay circumstance*. pre** condition that you will obey our laws—respect our of slavery? Why, if one of the citLci^ befou him hadinstitution", and cot interfere with onr domestic con- an honest demand against the government, and should *> Blm honor. I^bouMb^gtad to vote at the coming cerns—(laqghter an*! applause,—tr.d if you complain to ask his representative on bis return home why that claimformitywithourregularprices,andaslow.Ihesitate not to say, ae those charged by any first ohvs bote).rirdandbadfamiliesoftheirown.8om«fof the lower wards ;exhfbIt "many •tl*rfl1.,r>ejection for names presented by a temperance aadahoirconvent** ; nod I hope there will WM If there are not enough earnest temperanceaad abolition torn toft to get it up, i wUl eadeavw to _ my tlckei without the heto> of » coavectfoome tbat youao not like oar laws, I shall say that, while I regret it. you most remember that they are our laws and not \ ours —' laughter and cheers —we made them for our selves and not for you—(renewed cheering;—we adapted them to our condition, to our interest*, to our wants. and II you do not like them, you must go back to Massa-bed not been passed, the answer would be, there kid not been time—the whole session had been occupier; with the discission of the slavery question. When Ihe people of California ia^uj-e why the Pacific Railroad project has not been pushed forward, and wby mail routes hsve not been laid out, the reply is, there was no time—the sla-pamSlsasmi*own,aeverthetomthesodstorjbouserentetbeoeltar -..._^— tle is said concerning Hardee's feelings, except tbat after though the whites IB tbe apper tSSS^SIStthowbamh* of i«Bill tilig a Yankee, like the balance of you<- pla established lathe whig platform of lsfiakand in the BRxcKiXBinGEcr PEA-JWYXVAJTU.—Tae Coal City (Law- Tbe Phillipsbnrg Standard relates tbat to hto other entirety blmd for several years.iach a eonvenThe Coafe .-.ioa of Harden.This document., says the Newark .Advertiser, is a very unsatisfactory production, adding scarcely anything toWith patriotic pride we place at the bead of our columns Boaatrued to tm|»ly a eausure of Mr. Garrison and Mr chusetts, where you will find better ones, i Applause.) •ery question had occupied it all. When fhe people of tbe names of the national democratic candidates for I'reaiour knowledge of the criminal and his career beyondtbefacts developed on the trial and sohsequently made publie. Tbe only new matter is some correspondence be- getting along. In tmeline street, which to s t s j tween Harden and btofamily, after hto conviction.I trust that the stress which I lay on voting will not boPhMiipaanJthvirnuMeassoeiates. latillhonor,asIal- SoittointheSouthernStates. IfyouofMassachusetts, Pennsylvaniaaskwbynorevisionofthetariffhasbeen dent aniVice President—John C. Brectinridgdandhare sdi'axwarm- wae b*c u ••of enterprise and of intellect, than you will was carried Into effect by the great day and tbe immortal? 9 *£•.* ***u**°«- »' I*UPP°«* WebsterlalsdO. /Loudapplause) Thatwastheprinci- separateconvtutioninanadjoiningrootsoftbehotel. '. themurderhowashauntedbyfearandremorse. poortbeymanagetotakecareofaretativew*»—varyaeraamlowiontheh a t dead may h e " to " -emigrating nrmer has two reckless, hut Intellec-democrati«»iiatformoftbesameyear.Tbattotheprinci- rence.Peas.)CknnieUsaystbatthemostOfthecandi- crimesHardeeaddedtbatofforgery.Heendeavoredtople to which tbe damocraUc party now steads pledged, and the onvy priacip e »i<oa which the Wands of the I nion aad of the coattituuou can cow rally to put downget cashed at the Easton Bank a check for $1,000. withthe name of John I. Blair, President of the Belvidere IS* Naw Yean HAaaoa.-^^ frtampbaat IBSBS^m Bank, forged upon It. The bank officers, through caution, the BicbmondiNapatot, ta *M*l*« © ^ ^ r1^ would not cash the check, and Harden then presented it brought over aSwar ^ • ^ ^ J ^ J K o d s sf** 1 at the PhfflipebuTg Bank, where the forwry was detected, ftofW deeds to tbe g o o d " ^ f J ^ Z u m * * but no measures were taken t o arrest Harden, who w a s who predicted that she w o a M J ^ ^ ^ ^ tdates recently nominated in tbat county on tbe demo-cratic ticket are oat and out Breckinridge metCcnveation rsfhsed to put aay resolutions on tbe pres peace t o the country. (Cheers.) He fearel b e had beer deatia'. question.Ita little both Northern and southern avctiuualtom a a i to restore• sasaH a theatre I n Bat apsratoms, aad•a kato the s III ness or upoa sfo> praii t_bisj>wnJortane,aadmake*a manof himself byh*it I*parental authority,a little l*sam- IBfiwiilthathisfriendswhohatodinto remarks upon subjectsthat might bedeemedpolitical. Hedidnotintendthisyeartoenterintoanydiscussion* cf a political or party charactertbut l- hadWHATTTTKDoreiasCATSENrcraMOST.—A per in tbe South says that all bis causeunknowntotheofficer*ofthebank.Theaflhirtookplace oa the very day on which Harden purchased tbe poison tokilthtowife. Hisklestttrwithtbepersonofferingthe check would bot have been discovered had he not con- fessedittothesheriff. Ittoprobablethatheintendedto usethemoney,had be obtainedit,toescape aftercom Bulling the murder.theoystershells.Ataitshewantoverl» ^ Mr.«mn*y, • » P«». lf-atoslsia?ssa-lt»^t1 ghssw.^^rrswwnTi'us boaarod bin Ladbitious, a tittle .lest cnergoU sad a Uttte mare to - y - •itpected him to make some few remarks on the general and the Columbus Itma replies, iu effect,Untdthtitled DocumenGen.Lane to VsrthRAiriiiii, July 22, IS SO.Ceo. Lane w•.- rec ved at Hhocco Springs on Friday by n large concourse of citizens, aad the mi'inn'y of Wirren and the surrounding couutiee. After reviewing tho ti oopgtcrtatnment ILs presence in his native friato createsgreat enthusu^r!; i u ViS.W this city and Kltt-elPs nioation. Springs yesterday.subscribe myself your obedient servant.WM. L. MAN'£ON. Census Taker Eighth variPmi ATIEI-TOI \ —We copy the following from the Itil delphia Ledoer:—The work of taking the census *f R -| delphia will not be completed for several wrecks tt - f \ ati'm being a tedious one, ia consequence of tbt rlocal Bel'-government. May we. their son=, be faith- why the people should nit be as capuble of«If-govern- . DEARSnt—YOU are right in "preeuming tbat the jNetv tion with a bedroom adjoining, I bare received 175 per time he ta- been lirhg in Pbitode'.phia.ful to th*t principle, and never permit It to be ment in a Territory as in a State. Who are the people ofweek, or S10 50 per day during tbe winter from a single person,andthis,too,fornearlythreemonthsatatime,A remarkable circumstance attending the tii:'4 £'fpresentcetifus,isthefartthatscarcelyanAm*ntw-4been found that cannot read or wr'te. In one SawisbiTeryintheStates*Taetidoeshertrtutliyadmitaye m rerta.a loatiugerxies ho fight fur It. Or tearing the f»er»p!e of each State and each Territory free oompetent to make laws for tbt-ir owngovernment as ther end from the New York Hotel chimney, as It id we)Iand who also took meals at tbe public tabic.*-*«• he deny that it is lu the eontemplatton of the to maintain their own domestic affairs and Internal con wert Ufore their emigration ? fc u true that the Ameri- known lhat the New Vork Hotelto as directly opposjte to ,invariably 50 cents extra, or $1 50 per day. The ser- not a single ii.div.uual of it couldbe found abit •**•their netg'bborJ', there can be pence forever between the North and the South, the East and the West, i Ap- plause. > You bnve institutions in Massachusetts- pecu- liar to yoareelvea—institution - diifering from those of usH. 0BANSr<S>N.lfere, would foot up as follows, (lie occupied hto room a day and a half, coming, as he did, early on Sunday morn- ing, and leaving at twelve o'clock on Monday):—Board for himself and wife at S2 60 per day, counting asof the ft w retnatehig bmdranoea ui his glorious service oftheentrae of freedom, and hasten ta plant himself by thef *aeof Willaun Coodetl. LvitandiT Spooner and those otherradical aholitMnitats, who hoht that the whole nation to der obedience to your laws. ("Good." and applause.) posterous claim set tip by the British government, that funct parties in tbat State except the black republicans. boaad to shot oat su«ery ttom the whole nation becausethe einstitotion dues s o 'PJ bare spoke* of the duty of the North, ia the light ofShe •anrictkins aad aimuskais ef ths North. I hardlyBat, sir. If you find m e complaining that 1 do not like your laws, your institutions, your domtst!) affair?, I ex- pect you will tell me that, while you regret my disple*. •ore, these laws were made tor ycu and not for me, andthe Declaration of Iudependenoe was put forth and the and endeavor to roll, if possible, all the disconnected andthat is curious or sacred in the history of our country- and, sir, I trust, when Icome among you, that 1shall pay all 1 .<* * *spect to the constitutional authorities, and ren-intended to maintain and defend those rights. And ft the factions rumps and fag ends of all existing find de- was because the colonies would not acknowledge the pre-for himself, wife and childBoard of two servants, one day and a quarter Paid for baggagePaid for carriageTwo boitks Congress waterNewspapers.19 cent postage statu pa, I IAlecitizens of New Lork State, who go to the Territories asand Stockton, have all called their State Conventi<meet in Trenton on that day. 'MossCHANGES.—TheSt.Albans,Vt.,bemoanoriginal Douglas paper, put up his name immiafter his nomination, and kept it there two weeks. I Last • servant, week it hauled it down, and nailed tbe BreQkiaridge addquarter, may be found a white woman with ss»--i formerly a slave In Delaware,and to saotherpw- white men had the boaor of giving the aaaaei »democracy, published at Easton, I'a., after having hadS.?"*l•*•**•***.BBjiahMprytickets. ManySJ W 'hebteesingjofthem:iftheyareevilInstitutions,let Hitake*upwiththediscu*ionofthisnajetionoisla- thenameofStephenA.Douglasatthebeadofitscolumns Miss IKsrland—his wife afterwards—the Impression cellarsthemostabjectpovertytosppsrsni-**wayahav* dose, Uw mo* who,dia*rtaghraadiy from my •alf I* their iatormiiatiBB of the ooaatttaUoa, have con- • o t o n o i a f mat mSiag under I tor we of Illinois, go to Charleston or to New Orleans, it ftos not become us to tell those people that thev have bad town and had institutions, which we do not like. They•Bade—why their interests have not been protected—their representatives excuse- themselves by pleading wart of time. And so ia regard to every material togerest ot th eJosephJane.The Northampton Correspondent, a German organ bf theTbe confession contain' none o f those disgusting reve-lations which were anticipated, and to a mere record ofHarden'.-, external life. Concerning bto connection with colored women as their lawful wives. Ia » • 'Itraat,too,thatIshallnotheregardedasseeingm aretheirinstitutions. Iftheybegoodones,letthemen- country,whichtocastasidebecausetbetimeofCongressof whose shoes I am not worthy to The longer 1 lira tho more am be vorjr good,ami vatdai that I thmk to be v*ry bad. they do not = irv-y . sabltnt from my Btanapsiai. Again, though their •tops, wher* drvorgiag from my own. may not be aado-taem bear m* barthaa and the evils they entail, untP JL toe BjBjBjl t* change them and make bet QWfr'iWr d«* especially, whenyou goteejry; Now. will It not be wise to exclude that question ef slarery for ever from Congress, aad t* leave tbefor two weeks, has declared for Breckinridge and Laae.sought to oe created Is tbat the engagement and marriage were thrust on him b y bto mother-in law.pant*, black and white, fraternising ^t^ffr^m gaged ta bone and rag picking. **S5**tL!%M tabor being la en* corner of their wretched r*p».the individuals occupy the other-theoalyna*^^HiilllBiBtotnaaoref the element* of « * » - , of couof " Y e a , v t a l " a n d load applause.),.. That w a stbe principle established by th* 'compromisemmanFM of I860. That was theprinciple that derstandiagfourofthenumbersecededaadorgaaljteda]has before been published. He administered arsenic to many places being a straw bed, a wooden M J M j ; , her on an apple, saying it was a powder to prevent preg- or two article*Tor cooking Onefontnytosm»-, nancy. Several times afterwards he gave it to her. lit- storr bouse rente the cellar to a eotored • ^ ' , ' ^tolfowlfadoo,youwulftnda body otmentweaty two members, bat ia consequence of some mfcua-Lane colors to its masthead. upon the subject:—The following is i u articletbe poisoning of his wife is openly confer -sed, but oona- free to deckle it for themselves (Shouts held in Schenectady on tbe 18th last., was composed of pies only a little over a page, and merely confirms whatMORESECKDIM,—TheHouston Convention, which was('aie)lns.theStateof.\rkai.isforDouglasaidJohnson. Kxceaaive Hotel Charge*.TU T U B KUIl'OR O P TH«8 HEKAI.D. Cowirft<fl HAU, ALBANY, July 20 18fi0.charge the highest price, were furnished t m. He was litical institution, and therefore ask,.on behalf of the Cent unwell, and therefore demanded and receive every at-those having clwrg- of the returns that tbe popoUt: cthe city will exceed 660 WO. The censes taktM rep*tralCampaignClub,thattheymayhave theprivile;cdf attachingtheircordtotheNew YorkHotelchimne;-fornumber of persons who have passed their lftl^h y**'.Xi tention in my power or that of m y subDrdinates to be- oldest one being 117 years of age and st ill n f.lenKcandidates themselves), of Lincoln and llatalin. Mouldin their par or.him, baggage and carriage bills paid, and every effort macYtorenderhtobriefstayatmyhotelagreeable.And now a word or tw o aa to the charges which he deems exorbitant He and his wife occupied a parlor, forjrhlch be was charged f t a day, and fbr which, in connecwould have no objection to hanging the republican birnercan citizen loses the right of sslr government because he you in politics as to your "headquarters." [Respectfully, vants and child were charged half price. The bill, tUere^j} or even write But cases hke this are very taejjbattles of the Involution were fought. Thai, the war ol the Revolution was fought for the rigid of the people, la colonies or IniTerrHoriee. as well as in State*, to governdiscordant elements into one organization toi order to de-feat tbe Lincolaitea and abolitionists in tho coming elec-•Bt VERS.—On Wedneeday next, the 2i>tbinst.|,the pojitical1 5T T 60lUton of 11,000, *ith a valaation of real and • * * property of $1,859,479 There arc, according t^T^W returns, in this portion of tbe ward four p .bli * . « including o n e . hsrity school, in which there* * ^ teachers and 1,750 scholars. There are also five ot*** In the cour«e o f a few weeks tbe i (turns wiii o f i completed that a proper comparison stay be • * ' I tweeo tbe populalk« of tbe ..ty at present aodf^^ tht ugh no cc-iuparisoa can be a*a<k b y wards, tht • ' • J lidatlon of tbe city aad alteration of ward-»'-T changed their boundaries. r _• j"""Korth CbroLaa, who •drocated ^ ^ nomination at Charleston, has since com* out for Breck mridge. GovernorBUs,tbedemocrat!.-Candidas*tor CeTernerof North CbroH**, Mate© ©ot far aVecaiwrtdgeWe m a op our flag to day for Breckmridge and La*ep *StrSftr.'.'.".*"V/.V."'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. the democratic •••meIB for Preetdeat aad Vice Presidentrepudiated Bell and Everett, and declared their purpose to support Breckinridge and Lane, says —-I'WA, N . Y.—The allowing is thocenausof tbt ward:—UNO.say8:— tionreside,has decreasedsincelSjO.owing, ao>'.<.•>. The conservative sentiment of the party will rebuke- to tbe abuse and 111 treatment the people have TH:therefore, to puhitoh this article in reply to said comma >Mr. -came to mvf hotelj about six o'clock onnot-'to the manner born," txmelstin? of lnirt>asi,rW My charge for meals furnished at the rooms of gueststo and about a dozen children, enme *i whom are F" —,Heretothepreciseamountofthebilltoitems. You thenamesandnumberofherfatu:'y,andafte'*|i^will thus perce ve that the amcunt paid by him was 33 her own name recorded, she grve the namer of a»-j four ol her daughters, aad coueludod by teiiisg * •I will cot stop to characterise the miserable attempt ofMr. todisparagemyhotel,andexcusehisown Smallandotherstreetsofalikecharacter "»t»^mmeanness as it deserves, but rest content for the present from tbe south side of South street, to the nowj*Kitrwater, and betweea Twelfth aad Thirfenta «TJ tbe popolatioB foots cp tfM. The bouses o ^ ^ i them are generally three room buildings, aci "J^HP them a family occupies each r e m . Thto it psrt«»2 tbe esse to one now , where tbe proprietor ressjn only b y rooms. B t some o f these houses the oCyr3 appar to be comfortob:''. notwithstanding tw- quarters; but in others there appears to be dar*^j with subscribing myself tours and tbe public's bumble JaMEi L- MifCHEU..Whitneyvilletho following stateaaeati-Number or inhabitants in East Brunswick....do. do. do. North Brunswick... VillageofWashington• *61,000over1S50,showingtbattbecityhasnotgan<of human life, particularly to the riciaityof j *Number of deaths dcr.i (toaghtorl—ratherstayathomeaadbesupportedbyhto topicsofinterestatthepres.nttime,andh»badn»¥*- needsnotbrn*otoesobadly,i-addy aad mammy, than go West aalsuppart hicasdf.fet learned how to conceal aa opinion, whatever it WASThomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Fulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.comStreetQ v t « « Basuar&axjK —L, O'Brien Branch, |Conwithatenknot breeas <***** thousand ton cities on the cceuneoi.raaaew 