 kJorge proportion of his auditors wore from theS o n y side of t i e Potomac.5* |i% h•• !Ihe aid of Goverament was then invoked—its help be- pi j'bHn/j ix t.h*y »rf abl«, anrl tfcej will ,b« Tcry 'giad of oor co- p#>»ation in thia worVr Baltimore ra» i n v w e a >ixty million* of ing needed for providing lands and means for transport- o'lara in tbe railway* wbicn c*nt«r in thit noariihisg CUT« ation. Since then, the British f/ee-trade system has Wbe her tbe«e »*«• pr<>(itubly managed oi no», U not »o much th« i Mention with iho»e wbo contribute the money, a« whether tins been employed to do the work, its mode of action be- fleet shall he to build up Baltimore*» a g/eat mart, aud m k o ing thai one so well described in a Parliamentary doc- Maylai d the thoror.glfare of *n active tnue. Balciroore i* tbe nzMriercxal eate'of t'.e Poutb: her ambition ia to become that of•i,who e air and. mien indicating self-possession and sett) :d purpose. When the Clerk challenged him,cates that vote—that tbe Maryland Legifelature de-m•*•itopics of Negro-Propagaadism and a Dissola- and beggared all comparison, in soldierly arts, be- in debate, and where the solemn delibratioDe of the last Legislature who were so frightened by the' graceful kind, and ia ibis manner producing financialiii• 'Iff. J •• l*l f!Franca. 143,955,573181,095,064omdter. SVawoa. !f-ti1tax for transportation that, if continued, must for ever'.fFunhi rmore, be would beg leave to say tbat to him,muchconsideringthepresentsateofpublicaffairsand tothetownsandcities,oncondition ofmakingan- keephimpoor. Hi»needf,>rbetterroodsisgreat,but11ft' Ithat locality.*11tbe toneof public sentiment, there appear many anddangerous indications of a great change and perversionof the form of our Government; since, he sees tbe States ignorance. Among his charges is, that the School help—snowing, as they du, that each new road will||j inot generally known that he was to address theof power to afsist himself be has none whatever. His distant mostei s may, perhaps, be induced to grant him/urge tliein witii the same earnestness, since the protec- tion of individual freedom is the highest object of a free Government.content that the fund should be used as it now is; have to well described? So far as my knowledge ofone moiety of it for stimulating educational activity history eatends, it warrants me in saying, that no such $1,200,C00,GC0 expended in tbeir construction having atr, *a stir in the Legislature, or before the Committee Except for the presence of your magnificent 7th dents ©rvisitors in Washington to all persons holding on Education. Mr. Secretary Boutwell met them Bfgiment, the procession would have hardly out- the opinions wbich your petitioner is known to enter- there, and in a speech of two or three) hours vindi-'V*---*V£KZ%!i£&f, 'V..'?J^I>fNaWWt^WWc^.OdftM* W w W t t r t W'the immunity promised by said statute, if in aoy re-Iff 7. 1858Francs. 311.608,012 335,239,015omcter . Krancav' 45.2o941,398-•U- Hoase to-day, for, large though the assemblage v•*•_••encroaching on the powers of the Federal Government Mayor and Common Council of this municipality, in one direction,, and the Federal Government en-S•ting such radical notions; but probably tho Judges•down for it, he expected; but he despised the one,lief— vrtAbfa upon their respectire Legi«lat«»«« tbo bedoessomethingtoforfeittheirgoodopinion. adoptionoflawsinvirtueofwhichtheyshallbere-2j*W«T** PAYJK'8VINDICATIONOFHISVOTE FOR PKNNINCrrON—MR. LAMAR. .W ASM3M*TON, Feb. 21, 1860.v:<rg 5•!NEW-YORK. DAlLiY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1860.ergr*rh*ed trp^n a pl«t<V,r.„ Tanstteo of Iadep^u^nc-, i <0t* ««r Fedetai <3on»tiU>f ,H ihktk. it rao be «uccef»»f(j. j taloly standing upon tbn jr( eotempotariea at tho fo»r />•.they ndb*red In the Mwni yon followingtbea^o-.<i to-night, Mr. Phstidcst, to i" and to fliog the ht^rCo i to thoee principle* ofUnion mto lite, aad w •dying efforts to. its sup la tfcat spirit which an;m peril air' ia the catabJUhrm that wewil; avert, in Mo^l here to vindicate thia pritxl thataftaU be given for i'aare here to **y we tymfat Just rtgfata of 8'*tc«, or i •> ai by whicfc tbeir icstitotioui cured. KaawearohereaJ of tbat atrocious viola.ti.oiwtdeb sj>arweteea "to-ei'-»a» immtjoitie* of citiz-n* I pui*loe and Deniahment < <Mtrrx\ mdeaa that b« .a* msyd < tbe> expiension of i etajoy i u bleasicga. W> aa couuUymen In tt>e Sou:ri combinationftwhich n>'-r-.a< the North, Do nothing a: inflame the <jl*c«d th*r [a and the right will pters.iij'berbtugw of justice and ;.-* with patient and wi*e ~- atrea^tl: in cur re-c«ab!>.h be, to each ether, aa these bovd of union, aad t>v« u :h<w be, aa tt flott* over i*t<rful, and united pop'.-.THE YALE AG Rntser.CVosn Our Own ILepoft *.r.We have had, to-cai several lectures be: g OOtafe of them eepca tl!lfoOtortrfi were eoveraJ neee; Mr. Gold, on ol Ctweita* J£. Clay lectu: after the departure c f port to-morrow.JMi'k, said Mr. Film 16oompoeed of an o:i; Tiohneec, of a ca*eoi;s it its strength, and of which makes it refr< apercojitvge of wigar o neee, aad a tit eubetancee, to vrb properties. Utder t i>e filled with myriads float in th« watery sa!&u?face in the form rising first a*d beiog globulee are ihe bane cbeeey fi*m, and tbe o film, or coating, and c"Tbe different cune-ui u< of a difference in epeci •produce from 10 to 15 sometimes much * rr cent is 6002etin.ee in cream ia more re milk than the bu'.t.eifrom that cream. (Ja> ter in composition richest and moet deliwhich has not,s*oed" tuves firs; ni:*kb>g af butter tbac tbat wbicl milk ie eet in a favo: feet from tbe bo .torn& circula ion of p:reighieen Loorti in Su<fircurj}ft>ii.cee? after tw the quality TOa great quantity. Thia 13 ^n oy^bt to lead to the* ri•part of 'dairymen, wl tbeir milk feiand f hours. An ordinary bable place to set* 1 set en tbe bottom cream. The bad gasei (< in the room, are. near tthe cream add. It v* Tbe square box-churd •aconomical forms. ' qutcily aap:*s.oie. 30 send butter to m<txkel common or bicaxbuL.a much a* tbe water wi tofilithebcxee,an<lj 32-pouna batter box. let it bland '.ver bigatwithout fea» of ire ia a may be made by bur> de<-p ib the ground, u.i more.•Cheese has been usi varieties a'-e a'mq-; branch of American<$airy, iuvoKes UIK- capi al, tbo aggrega ^e ajx-n individuar \iacdifcicn^ bowevi .- pound of the 'bull vastly to the nio nan, and of tbe ecu;generally tbe last 0*1 1 riea of life, in which economize. They mrj and are ready to p.^yneee.The great r icety arfirei-raee quality o: b al y-ircreaMug a\er daughters to mar •.1 tricta the butter and c xkvlk prodttction; HM transportation to mafrom rcabsrng a proti -drugintbeniarko:.JJ ihe most ciu-efai t?a lliat by imitating*t friiitiircs" of tbe farmers might larg amall risk. In ui ready exist cheese conducted by private milkofalargodut•stipuiated price. The •cee*ful, and is-four.dpart of tbt« S.vib-j *>• worthy of adoptiot 1 at a c«L'tr»l point i> eetabUbhmeiit un<'«-r•overteer and traia&u cerot,improvedpieel pbernali«, tbe eutupielutttibytheamouitj miflbt be made by :\Individaa'e; tbefoim proprietor would a m-sible price. where :vi /Coetot mhnulactur>-1 inoreased. Ibeds j tjit-t of tbe bo»t qtta»u certain dairy in.sn;».e:intervals tlie wa^o curds, and tbo.. fan thea», or for the ncr tbe cream ^unto butrer. Or rf were both made: IK aont to the centn.1 »:ai of this plan, end i ca traxy, itsftiabffe.st•>< Tbe oairv would beet and cheese, tbat antainod for tbem inthe butte-rmaie ir. tfc -command in tuax':ot per pound than '*.h and m^Oiu* coui.U; -evenly distributed, tlbe greater. Oar rei •that Mr, Thomas Mo| for his Alderney btiljfoeemment belong to the dark ages, and would %«ktex befit grim Tartary than the American Republic, still it is evident tnat an educa- tion in the various branches of science ami hterature known to the moderns, and taught in Bortbern Colleges, with some occasional rays from n « noon-day sun of the Nineteenth Century, have not been wholly thrown away upon an ingenuous yewth, intended by God for some useful *nd honor- able vocation, but who, unfortunately, happened to he horn in a state of society where negro wenches hake the place of nur&ing mothers, and negro drivers perform the duties assigned elsewhere to •ehoolmasters. In spite of these rather serious drawback*, Mr. Lamar is interesting, both as a xeasoner and an orator; and his speech to-day verynaturally attracted full -galleries and the close at-wavering lines, regardless of time and tune, whenplaced in close contrast with the' elastic tread andmanly mien of your celebrated corps, whoseplatoons stretched across the avenue with mathe-matical exactness, compacted together with thelock-step, which, despite the slippery pavement, spect valid, is an unconstitutional interference with everything be left to the districts and the pruden-TotalReceipts. Receipt*TWTKO.tention of thefloor.It was noted that a prettyand thoroughness by means of the Board of Educa tion, the "Normal Schools, Lectures, Teachers, In- stitutes, & c . ; and the other moiety for distributionevidence can he preeented. , tbis moment a market value that can scarcely exceed, The poor colonitt, thus driven out, suffers under a even if it equal, $400,000,000.Looking at all thete facte, is it not certain, mv dear Sir- jThat the free-trade system of which you ore the a3- voeate is one of univen-al discord?Tbat it tends to the involvement of men of aU pur- suits in life, and of tbe Union itself, in one great an4 uiiver*al ruin ? And, therefore,Tbat it is to the interest of the railroad proprietor to unitewithtbefarmeriapromotingtheadoptionof measures having for tbeir ohject tbo development of our mineral wealth, tho croution of a real agrieuifcire, and the extension of domestic commerce?Hoping Jor replies to these questions, and reedy togive them circulation among millions of protectionistreaders,,,- ^ remain, with auuch roapect, your*, very trulyft*Hi»*»i.^, isv. A I ;:. ^ «*.--*K*yrwa*-r..Whenhehad finished, Mr.Davisrose. Itwas militaryconnoisseurs,whohadtakentheirstandatnual returns of the condition f the schools A vul- gar demagogue named Bryant, of the town of Mans- field, is the originator of this agitation in favor ofA long line of Free-Masons, decked out in their symbolic regalia, and led by a shabby brass band 'Washington and Baltimore been assured that he discoursing hoarse music, was followed by theit would have been still grea er had the publicto bave>oC3opied the floor, and on such a topic. upon whose muddy heels trode two or three dozenHedidnotrisetillafter4o'clock,nearlyanhour sorry-lookinguichins,understoodtobethepupils later than the usual time of adjournment; and he of The ever)-da} schools of the metropolis—a sad was evidently laboring under a cold. But, in spite proof of the blighting effects of Slavery upon rudi-of the unpropitious hour, and of physical debility, mental education.But, we aie forgetting the President and hisI und has diminished in value $120,000 in one year. act as a feeder of their coffers, while a:ding in the de-He has repeated this falsehood, after a full explana- struction of the powers of the soil, in the further scat-tion has been made to him, by letters from the Treas- tering of their subjects, and in morefirmly establish'ngureroftheState. Theamountofthefundwas th<irownsecurityagainsttheadoptionofanymeas-MMiWtfWMUfHPpr»v*»*•**"»••MvoNMamm•^•••ry^.iiv^^'i.V.*1'.•^wi-wwiwiw <n*r#»i' ,'•'•»>'|nirtfA»il"l')V»*>*f'.'/-'.IStbutio this lewear the Honorable Chairman of your whole country., T&at demagogues would malign C«>n>mhtee replied that the time of appearing might bowriter knows very little about the people of the Dis-trict. Mr. Adams was nominated and elected in become so eitirely insnppnruble, that the farmers ofMm for this act; that wbelpa would hound nimhogtonnnd testify tb>je; that this reply was received anddefiedtheother. Hisallusion,inthi«con- byyourpetitioneronthe1stdayofFebruaryinfant,ppite of the politicians, by the independent men of Ihe pittrict, and they will sustain him, at least untilwho, baling in the intervening time reconsidered his Adsms, and the hatred which had pursued him to dcchiration, was prepared to decline altogether the re- quired attendance, and immediately wrote the follow-lectioo, to Henry CUy'a vote for John Qrincybis grave for that act, was toochingly el Kmeot, anding letter to that effect:whose adviccthe last installment was paid. These the party.'CRISES-THEIR CAUSES EFFECTS.iu the crippling of a 1 tbe Atlantic S^atce, as well as of some of the older of tbeir Western neighbors.To such demand on t*>epart of your fanners yoa. however, reply, tbat it would be "legislation agafcwt tradt>"--that "nothing could be more impolitic than this process''—that"Tberitiz'TiKof #*Himore a n ! Philadelphia, ff tbay »h«n$a thir.k it derorontt and pontic to do ancb a thing mi?bt welt «->« a p>.b)ir. vote of thank* do'th* Legislators wbich would vwutfn»«n Mr. H. Winter Davi*, on the memorable held the House spell-bound; wtiile hiB remark,'ay »fterooon o* the 31st ef January, startled utter*d in bold language and" with bitter emphasis,^•tech will long vibrate to Ms honor in the opinion he entertained the slightest r*gard, chal- that petition, grave doubts have arisen in his mind, and [ have been increased by t i e opinions of others, moreFINANCIALiHove of Rejs*e»eiitaave» by bis m*nly vote forthat his vote for Pennington was appreciated and 27th, in answer to hie petition of the 2lst of Jannary fiov. Penningt/tn as Speaker, be strnek a chord approved by every person in Maryland for whose lost, at d now heps leave to say that since the date ofMR. CAREY TO MR. BRY ANT.* LETTER EIGHTH.D E A R S I R : For the maintenance of colonial depend-^ p c u t t of *l peisooa Ihronghout tho country lenged a iust'e of applause in the galleries, whichleansed in the law than himself, aa to the power of the capable #f appredatiog a magnanimous and a was just brtakifg out into a load cheer, when it honorable Senate to summon and examine witnessesence, and for the perpetuation of power to compel tbecolonists to make their exchanges ia a foreign market rtch a law. The mon,crjt U is p***ed, «.!! the through tra/i*, ^n from which they we»e allowed to carry away but one- the vavt arr-nnmlafS'-n* 'f the produce of the w>*t vr>>c>. ,v,^«ra»g«out act. "We well remember the spectacle. ^fco House, and its galleries and lobbies, were crowded to the biim with manly dignity and womanly grace, from every section of the Union, onferly.anticipating the final issue of the angry atrvfgle which, for two months, bad shaken tue Capitol and the country. Rumors, nndtfined and »tadewy, were afloat as to the possible vote wbich X r . Dav 8 might give, in certain contingencies, provided he could thus immediately relieve tne House of its dead-lock upon the Speakership. But, these rumors could be traced to no reliable source, and wtre treated Lke the scores of other storiesw*« suppressed by the Chairman.But we cannot dwell upon the many salient pointsin fuelis mutter ap ir now pen^inc: before your com- mittee. He must, therefore decline altogether obeying your eummonn, unless upon compulsion, and will throw himself npon the'Courts, rather than the legislature of his country, for protec'ion in those rights of a citizenfin*! thfir way »o New-Yo)k by »be New-York Central RalJrond, fourth ol the r«al va'ue of their products, it was, as will desert it W l ru th* Governor o( New-fork tiget^put bill jou have already te*n, held that they should be led to p'tri'ntio* free '•omp*-tition betwtvn oar Cen'r«l ftail/ond tad it* mo>« nonthern rival* he sign* a bill for tbe relief of rhll*- ci'ptne tbereservesthroughout the West—thereby al- aj.d the upgraadixpuitiht of rial iTiore, and there will b« mott annihila ing tbat power of association which, as j *n-at r<jofclng In tThe>o*e ctties, wbeth»r it be publicly expre^sestthen.was feaied, might lead to such increase of wealth j or not. . . . . . . T i e people of M«rj]«nd and reoo«7lr«t>L« < male to Jawn lo prevent rh««competition of the*r rati"rata withi.r*d strci gth as would forward the cause of indepen- j OUIH. 1 Lry are natUfird to !#-t tli<>«« who manage them draw of 4in this acute, cutting, bold, defiant, eloquentcriticism of the impermanent intermeddling of malig- which existed before your honorable body was estab-lished, and which he respect'nilv denies your right tosubvert or diminish. He would further objact that the affairs ol Mr. H. Winter Davis. He was listened form of your investigation, being secret and. requiring to closely, not only by South Americana, to wbom tbe pres*nee from remote places, for an indefinite pe- rico, of persons known to yon chiefly by vague report, or by tbe false or exaggerated rumors of a licentious pietH, recalls to his memory tbe odious forms of a pre- the House, North and South, except some half- undtd justice in vo^ne here while thtse States were d< ten noodles and nonentities like Extra Billy Colonies, and the still more hateful powers and mys- teries of tbe Star Chamber Courts of Charles I., both Smith ai d Alabama Houston, whom nobody respects of wbich our ancestors disavowed, and the good Benaeor ever follows. of Et'gland has overthrown.u Aid further, that while be .gives fall faith andnant Democracts and cowardly Americans in thehe politically belongs, and Republicans, withw&om he oiten votes, hat by all the Democrats in theand to explain wherein it is alleged to have beenevaded; but 1 find myself wholly unable, after themost careful study, to comprehend it.. And fur-thermore,, I do not believe there is a man in theState'except the one who drew the bill, and the onewho drew the money under it, who can explain itto the comprehension of minds of ordi-nary intelligence. Over 160 lines of itare in one single sentence, interspersed f this counirj, m»d eapeciolly in the Iron »nd :o»l diw'ricts. are .be tur>j«-ct a « ore ea'etnl cohuidenition, and enare xu from mxvith commas, and semi-colons, and colons, ery little aware of iiie <-xt«-nt to which they are often indebted nactn enr. tb«- PTJOT of which will b» bnt too deplorably evident which mislead the reader rather than aid him; and foribeir bHU-g xxnplojed at all, to tbe imm»-nne to«te* wh<cn , \ efore another LegitIatare can aMemhle."the uEaide," and "aforeBaids,"and " in additions," thcix cmpkjciB vclufctanr incur in bad time*, in <»d«r to dettroy In all this, I find no single word in favor of the and "above specifieds"and "provideds," run back- foreiyn competition, and to gain, and htfp po«M*itm of foreign armers and landholders of your State—tho»e peopla-with which the air was filled at every stage of the , But, after all, the feature which deserves to at- credit to your assurance that witnesses shall be pro- •entrst. tract the cbief notice in this entire matter, is not tected, so far as your power may reach, he is too fa-On the call of the roH on the memorable Tuesday, the ability and success of Mr. Davis's speech when miliar with a recent outrage on tbe person of a Sen- ator, and the privileges of your honorable body, (com-ft* dignified form of Mr. Davis was eean pacing to viewed from an oratorical stand-point, but the mitted in May 1856,) to feel any confidence that the and fro, intheopen area in the rear of the Republi- crownirg consideration, that he gave the vote for Senate will extend to an injured witness more ample can benches, lolitary and alone, his eye fixed upon Pennington deliberately—that, in the face of the justice than to a member of your own body, and theward and forward, and dodge I ither and thither, j. markets. Autbtmic inaionwa aie well (mown of employers connecting, for aught you know, line 160 with line i lavine in Bnch timen earned on their workB at a JOBSamountingpen whom you so long have u«*ged considerdtfion <£ the advantage that must, result to tbem from destroying iiiteiral commerce and rcadopting the cbloniil nystea against wbich our j.rcdece*sors made the Revo'ution. Had you now occasion to talk to them, yon wouW probably say—"Gentlemen formers, you are entirely in error in supporiag tbat you have any interests ths$ require to be cocsiderf-d. The more you eon be forced to become depencent upon Britain, the more rapid «riU be the growth of cities like our own. Tbat tbo doa pendence may be increased it is needed that we oloee tbe mills, mines, and furnaces of the Union; that wo render tbe laborer more and more dependent npon tbo capitalist; that financial crises continue to increise ia number and iutenuity; tbat the rate of interest be main- tained so bigb as to ruin formers, mauufoctarers, and railroad companies, while increasing tbe number of millionaire B; thai pauperism and crime continue to ia- ciease, with constant oicoinutionin ihe power to pur- chase tbe product* of the farm; that the productiveueeo of your land continue to diminishos HnoW r*dom£( that our people be dispersed; and that raiboads con> tinue 10 cooperate witb the Government in tbe effort to deetroy that power of association to which;, alone, should we look, did we dt sire to witness your gnrwth.io strength, wealth, and power. The heavier your taxation, the bigber will be the prices of our ci'.y lots." That the British free-tia'le system is one of universaldiscord is proved by tbe commerce of India, Ireland, Tmiey, and all other countries subject to it, and by our own, in every period of its existence. That op- pc<8ni<:n to it is productive of harmony, force, and-' strength, is shown in tbe movements of Germ<my, France, and ev<-ry other country that lwbs to the de-' velopmentof internal ccmmoice as furnishing the real! bate of an ei tended intofcourse with other natioas. Turn, if you please, to the recent letter of tbe French Emperor, and find bim t«.iing hits finance micitj*.er that—*sacied deputy of a sovereign State." Very T*Hpectfal]y, VO-IIToVt servant,• . ''^.B. SANBORN."Seeing, however, that your Committee disregarded similar objections to their authority, made by a witness m i s usual loud tone, Mr. Da^is, being far from in tbe HooBe, defies the Legislature, and appeals before them, your petitioner did not send the above1, and baffling the most searching inquisition intono present object, his bead firmly poised, and his most malignant oppoitioo, he justifies and viodi-too 4«»k, gave back the responie with a voice un-nosnmonly clear and emphatic Not only did every ST A*DS BY IJJS RECORD !Iftaaaa being within the vast chamber hear and ap--yrociate the name of "Pennington," but, to every INAUGURATION OF THE HOR8E AND THE HEROletter, but chose to await the reference of the matter to yonr honorable body, trusting to you to refuse your sanction to the unconstitutional and oppressive action of your Committee. But now learning that an ordermake the most of i t ! "DANIEL IN THE LIONS' DEN. From an Occasional Correspondent.constitutional privilege, and summon Judge Shawand his associates to give an opinion. Then wejrociftting a truly national nnt, as it is of express-cature, called, by courtesy and act of Congress, the nor power to examine at aU under compulsion, except but the question is an old one, and the demand for ment of intellect—for palsying every-movement, else-where the privileges of the Senate are concerned; j£o tble proposed change rests on general and soundprinciples. It is generally understood that the where, looking to the utilization of the metallic Judges themselves are desirous of having this clause treasures of the earth—for increasing the difficulty ofobtaining iron—for diminishing the demand for labw—Bri'ain..How our Government cooperates in this warfare up-on its people, and in the promotion of the great work of recolonization, will readily, my dear Sir, be under- stood by all who shall study the British, prescription given in a former letter, and shall then comparo it with the course of action here, tinder your advice, so steadily pursued—expending, as we have done, and now areing its ideas io intelligible Eoglisb, spurning alike Statue of the Father of bis Country.Sunrise never broke upon a more dismal horizon.nounces him for that vote—and that he, in his placefrom its judgment to that of his constituents. HJSonaervant and thoughtful mind, there came along — H I E SEVENTH REGIMEKT IN W ASHINGTON— for Lis arrest has been passed without debate by thewith it the defiant commentary, '' If that be treason,MAnd to they have! And foremost among thosewho have been disposed to make the meat of thistwason to a narrow and hitter sectionalism, and, pour!—the wind all tbe while blowing furiou>l};the streets reeking with mud; the horses with de-Senate, he desires to pjesent his remonstrance against its enforcement, and to be allowed to show cause why it ought to be recalled. He would therefore object to the action of your Committee, and of the Senate, onlabor—hting rapidly in procesa of being equalized."The syetem here so admirably described, is veryWASHINGTON, Feb..22, I860.Rain! rain! drip! drip! splash! splash! pour! these grounds:shall he fully revenged upon the Court for its sins of properly characterized as being a "warfare;" and itomission and commission of tho last ten years. may now be proper to inquire for what purposes, and I am reminded here of the fact that a Joint Com- against whom, it is waged. It is a war, as you see,pending tails; the soldiery with drooping plumes; Concrete for the purposes of * legislation, the otherwhich tire investigation in no manner refere.III. That the emesy and mystery of the examina- fee patriotic principles of Washington and Jeffcr I People in New-York and New-England will under tion before your Committee are contrary to the spirit•am, and the grammatical and rhetorical precepts [ stand it when told that it was just such a 4t nasty if not to the letter of our laws, and may-easily be annulled. An amendment has also been reportedof sheep-common, surrounded by a few caeap, dis-pirited-looking horses, stood Mills, horse, and man,ings which has reaffirmed his reputation as one shrouded in cotton canvas,-and, at that precise or nnblic animositv." One of the gr*ate«-t fen-ice* to be rendered to the country ia to facilitate the transport or a»tic'#a • f fir-t necessity to agncul-. tute and inoustry. v\ itb th!» object, the Minidt*r of rublie Worts will caure'o be ezecured as promptly aa p->aalble ta« means- of communication^ cat>ala roads, and railway*, wbi«4 main object will be to c>nvey coel and manure to the di-tricts) where thee want*s of proodd"u:ction reqoire theaa, a-d will endeavorto Ji'dure the tariff* by •<sstutubblilibbioinggaanneeqquuiittaabblle competi.ion be- tween the canals and railways "jun«.tuie, guarded by about 500 negroes, of both V. That, notwithstanding the protection offered by'our Commtitee, under which, were their investigation eexes, awaiting, with great impatience, " de 'rival ?egal and necessary, he would checriully incur theMessage. Mr. Lamar is a favorite with the Fire- tary display would have been beneath contempt. (which.your petitioner is in all places wont to use); how impregnable is the ground on which this Eatera. He is a scholar, a thinker, a rhetorician; Bow that brilliant regiment, though mustering but where members of the Federal Legislature, in either system stands, it is extremely mortifying to reflect and, lor one holding such extreme views upon tbe three-fourths its force, distanced all competition, branch, are threatened and attacked for worda spoken upon the disgraceful cowardice of^ the men in the;. |I<• |AhIof tbe most caustic and sarcastic, bold and eloquent, dUfeaiers in Congress.** of de perce8»ion." risks of insult • and aesatsinat''on threatened by resi-The anti-frec-school agitators have been making seekir g to do, enormous sums, and even carrying ondistant wars, for the acquisition of further teiritory— making large grants of land for facilitating the con- struction of roads and tbe dispersion of our people—It was generally known that Mr. Lamar of Mis-absippi, was to address the House to-day, it being3n Committee of the Wbole upon the President's shone that which Falstaff would not lead through cannot think himself Bound*to appear in a city where cated the -wisdom of our present educational sys-Compare wi*h tbis the teachings of The Post, aa4 forcing millions of acres upon the marcet, and then re- yon will find the latter saying directly the reverse—ex-delay»d, but that your petitioner most appear ioWdS^i-•' To the Hon. J. M. Maton,'• Tte undersigned has received your letter of theAre,:ANDI. That the Senate, when its Committee was ap- pointed, was not legally a branch of the XXXVIthmittee of the Legislature, consisting of the Judiciary Committees of the Senate and Houee, have reported in favor ol* amending the Constitution by abolishingmy dear Sir, for cheapening all the commodities we have to sell, labor and raw materials—being precisely the object sougit to be accomplished by that " Mer-not stopping to inquire into their jurisdiction in thepremise*, to hold up to reprobation the traitor who tbe ladies with bedraggled crinoline; the civilians branch necessary to constitute sucn a Congress not yetand dared to discover any merit in men residing with cotton umbrellas; and all looking woe-begone baving.been organized; in consequence or which only •beyond the little limits of his own State and Executive business could properly come before your and down-ca8t; the very negroes iu their huliday honorable body, which the appointment of this Com-norghborhoodV' was the Democratic L^g aUtare of suits grinning ghastly smiles! Thus was it till long mittee •was not.Maryland. That august body, which, as was after meiidian of this day of Washington's birth, IT. That the Senate hap no power under the Consti-soown to-day by Mr. Davis, is as incapable of ap- and the inauguration of Clark M-lls's brazen cari- tution to examine judicially, or for judicial purposes; which the Legislature proposed to the militia laws; ments in other countries—for retarding the develop-abneed for purposes of injustice or oppression. making Judges of Probate and Insolvency subject for doing all these things at home and abroad—and for, IV. Tbat to summon witnesses from remote parts of to election by the people, for such terms its the in this manner, subjecting all the farmers and planters nWncing the member from Baltimore for his vote afflicts them near the close of gusty March. But a the country, for Indefinite times, iu a period of great Legislature may prescribe; and I am informed that of tbe world to the domination of the manufacturers ofof Murray and Blair, passed clumsy resolutions de-day" (to nee an English phrase), as sometimeslittle before 3 o'clock the clouds broke mto patches, public exasperation, is an inconvenience and hardehip another will be reported, limiting the tenure ofitut Gov. Pennington. the sun peered wistfully through the scud, and the 7 And, as those gentlemen at Annapolis, not mind- 44 procession," so called, moved from the muddy in no way necessary to the public safety, nor compen- office of the Supreme Judges. I do not know howesplanade in front of the City Hall, and along rag- sated by tbe feee received, since it may interrupt tor a it happens that the Judiciary Committees a:e get-long time the regular occupations of industrious citi- ged Pennsylvania avenue to " The Circle," away off zens, or even, as in the case of your petitioner, rum» g their own affairs, saw fit to arraign Mr. DavisMr that vote, ho made it his business, in the House, toward Georgetown, where, upon a diminutive sort their private bufineaa altogether; and that the same are themselves to blame. They have so servilelyfca-day, to scourge, scarrify and scathe the simple- and malignants by a cntic'sm upon their pro-power of summoos. now honestly used, may be here- after rcrvened to the most unjust purposes of privatefollowed precedent, and so subserviently tagged at the heels of the political caucus presided over by by Mr. Taney at Washington, that the.people have lost much of their traditional respect for them.atain. Notwvthf tanking tbis protection, vonr petitionerCoventry. But for that " crack" corp*, the mili- citizens are arrest* d and assaulted for free speech tem in a masterly manner. "VV^hen it is consideredjoicing over the receipts, as if they furnished evidence of increasing strength, and not of growing weakness- wasting the proceeds in political jobs of the moet dis-bibiting the advantage of sending to Eogland all oar products in their rudest forms, thus losing the manure, and driving our people to the West, there to find a con- stant increase in the necessity for roods, accompanied by as constant decreaise in the power to moke them, Tbat done, allow me to aek your attention to the steady growth of harmony in the interesrs of railroad owners, 'armers, axd manuiacturere, exhibited in the folio•ving figures representing the receipts of French railroads in, leceut years:tween it and the few shabby-genteel militia com- National Courcils are interrupted by blows and the noise of a few score of prudential cdmmittee mencrises that close our mines, furnaces, and mills, and drive cur peop'e to seek a refuge in the wilderness, tberetopaythespeculatortreblepriseforland—and thus enabling him to demand three, four, or five p«r cert j-cr month for the use of some small amount of capital to aid in clearing the land thus purchased, and in ejecting the little dwellirg. The house built, and ihe faim commenced, next ccmes the she" iff, and by his aid ihe poor colonitt is now driven to seek a new re- fuge in s<nie yet mere distant territory—in full accord- ance with tbe desires of those of our free-trade friends abroad, who see in every attempt at combination a jteptowaid manufactureB—"that step which Britainof the Union, has some common sense and panies, mustered in the Federal capital, and from unlawful use oi deadly weapons—events too welland as many more village demagogues, that theyauaygentlemanlyqualities. Heisamongthe thecontiguouscitiesandcountiesoftheSlavehold- knowntoyourhonorablebody,andwhichtestifyto consentedtotherepealoi*thelawabolishingthej*»i*g men of the South; and though his principles ing States I How even the marines from the Navy- the world either the unwillingness or the inability of school-district system. I have no ideax that theYard, and a squad or two of other regular tbe Federal Government to protect its own members,and ideas oonoeimng human equality and civil troops, seemed to shamble along, in crooked andand the citizens residing under its peculiar jurisdiction. malcontents could control two thousnndAyotes in VI. That the statute of 1857, compelling witnesses the whole State. 1 heir present demand is that the on a Congressional investigation to testify to their own Echool fund shall be distributed among the\;ities disgrace or inculpation, is contrary to the principles of and towns; that the Board of Education shall bethe conmon law, aid destroys one of the chief safe- abolished; the normal schools discontinued; the guards of an accused citizen; while, on the-other hand, office of Superintending Committee abolished, andthe powers of the State and tbe Federal jadici-mes; tial committees thereof. This would be. a step for both which reasons the aforesaid statute is uncon- backward toward barbarism, which will neverstitutional and oppressive.rose and fell at the top of the drum with astronom- ical precision, their 500 gay capseet jauntily upon their heads, and their 5C0 glittering muskets, thrown lightly across their shoulders, gracefutly Bwaying from side to side, like one cap and one musket, as they marched, looking, when they dwindled away in the distance, the sunbeams dancing on their weapons, like some curiously contrived, and strangely moving, mechanical panorama! The avenue was thronged with spectators—the sidewalks and buildings teem- ing with life—and everybody, everywhere, praising the 7th Begiment. As it wheeled past the Treasury and State Departments, first short to the right, and then short to the left, its lines reaching nearly across the avenue, the mechanical exactness with which the double-platoons, one after another, and each at precisely the same spot, keeping the lock-step, exe- cuted these maneuvers, challenged the warm com- mendation of a great crowd of people, and severalbe taken. Mr. Boutwell showed the petitionersthat they had no claim whatever upon the has so much can*e to dread."school fund; that it belonged to the State, andnot to. the towns and cities; that it was estab-lished out of the proceeds of the sales ofpublic lands, and, the money being thus divertedfrom the general treasury, and the deficit having to tion to anew er to yourself, even if not to me, the ques- be supplied by taxation, if it should be distributed tion—Does the history of the worl'1, in any of its to any parties, it should go where the taxable prop-Tbe year following the great financial crisis exhibits, f thus, a larger receipt than that by which it hud been] receded. Look now to the receipts of the first half \ < f the two past years, as follows, and mark the great Iit w*s an unanswerable defense of his own position Cabinet They rode somewhere in the procession, Constitution, and always hurtful to.freedom and jus-at their market value, instead of their prospectivevalue. Not a dollar of the fund has been ab- means with which to commence-the rood. Tbe workin regard to the Speakership, and an utter demo- "J. B." himself occupying all alone the Executive tice. Betide which, he notices in the National Legis- nofthatofhisassailants.Taefir*thalfhour carriage,whilehisPrivyCouncillors,withother laturealaimirgtobensofastillgreaterchange,whena racy criticism, a cutting commentary uponcharacter and acta of the Maryland specimens of dilapidated hackney coaches with occur, j and talk openly of standing armies and martial legislators. With the keenest of Damascus blades, which this city is infested* Doubtless the orator of law as proper to supers*do the poaceful supremacy of ho first removed the cuticle from the Democratic the day, and the Committee of Arrangements, oc- the civil power; when a member of your honorable *edy politic of that State; and then, with the most cupied appropriate places in the bedraggled line— body has, in debate, spelren with contempt of trial bybut precisely where, the writer hereof knoweth ypovokingly graceful and delicate hand, aff-.cted to not.jury—the oldest and dearest right of our countrymen; of the community. The Senate, however, bolted f ageee, leaving those by whom the work was startedThe moet gratifjh>j,' feature of the XVIIIth Ward Republican festival on the '^d was the presence of a i considerable number of cur City's moet eminent and < succtesful merchant*', in conspicuous defiance of the>j^ eilbrts btiDg sedulously made to frighten or tierce oar <merchants as a body iutu the embraces of Pre-Sbivery DenKorftcy. Among thc-fo was WILLIAM K. Sriw'fl, esq , wbote romarkfl we subjoin:The Birtiday of Washington.Respond* d to by \V. K. STKO.VQ, esq., ai follows:Ma. PHKBIDKST: At no period since the Amorfcan Revolu- tion, or at lea*t since the adoption of the Federal Constitution, haa there bot<r greater neeeohy than now to recur t< tho princi- ples which govnued the founders of the Union nndw wbic!» w* live. This iu, therafoie. a iawt appropriate guthexbj5 of fri»ad« who respect the polnkal JMth of their aucoewa, tmd who at* united in the fuopoit of wi-ut they deem to be tho csaeniiial ana unchanged principle* of their fuihera, which undeOie ana over- spread U»e whole structure of our Government. V'hat o o o w i c a ^ | could be more tilting to hallow uur remembrance, t« awakon <"f^P admiration, and lo stir :»-ULin ua eratol'ul emotion*, t*an the acr> jrneary of that da) which gave'to ib« world and to our tountrf 1, <,ur beloved W«*hi&gt«i>1 Bi*tory baa «lrea<iy treasnr** fox us *many noble aooica which have rendered a» kncwledsed service in tho rearing of thU Amcricaa RepubU WnwillheroandalwajaivnderrittiuRhouw«0totWrraemor> When we have done thw, how much U still left, to r w y hvaxVf love aad venerat'on. and, upon all liya, of p>»ia«,b«>or, ajaj iratitude, for that name ond fortboae deeds which tht life ae< vbtu|* of Waabingtoti have inscribed upon ouran-iala *bere tb«l^ will fotever remain tho glowing theme of hia oountryaen aad * tbo world. TbooooUlon would very properly admit tf a mue» moid elaborate refetence to the great personal quuMtie*, »d to tl* t ivil *md military e*ploft«, which have made Waahiog»» ao r»« nown* d in Muoi y, and ao dear to every American heart hut I a* restiained from o'oinjj wo by the hiiof time aUVted m * 1*1)^*7* President and gentlemen, with your permiasion, ^ ^ * ~ T ^ thoughttoaoompaiiwoiofourpositionaaapoliticalP*^~^ ,great doctrines and pinclplea which W»ahipgton«YOW*tU»aa . blet hered to up to the, cloie of his event ful life. W e are here asi ^to-night in the character of Republican*. bel©n«la«« *J**'\ ^ Aoteatrize too wounds of his writhing victim, by ap-plying to the livid flesh the caustic of sarcasm and and brass clangor, arrived at the sheep common,irony^pity and-contempt. Having flayed tnem with the negroes and the military opened to the right and hi« wit, and roasted them before the slow fire of leit, while the official personages pasted betweenwhen another member has prophecied, and seemed to court a bloody Btrife in your own chamber, and threats of hanging have been uttered and repeated in a co- ordinate bronch of the Legislature against other mem- bers of your honorable body.this ticket, with ihe exception of one name, and poorer than before—their lands being heavily mort-elected four new men. Tho House concurred with gaged, and they themselves being at last driven out ofthe Senate as to two of its candidates, and elected house snd home. Such is the history of most of thethree others who were originally nominated in cau- persoiBwbo have contributed toward the commence-hia ridicule, basting them in choice spots with histhe lines of glistening muskets and grinning Afri-cans, to their appropriate places within the inclo-cus. 1 he two who are elected are Ex-Lieut.-Gov. Huntington of Lowell, and the Rev. A. P . Mason of Chelsea, an Episcopalian and a Baptist. The othersments of the road and canal improvements of which we BO much boast, and such.the history of the roads***gnation for their meddlesome impertinences, he sure, where stood the horse and the man, clad inthen assumed a loftier and more solemn tone in Backcloth, as if bemoaning the failure of the artistvindicating the responsibility he had voluntarily and the foolery of his votaries. The unvailing of nosumed in summoning order out of chaos by his the bronze statute, and the ventilation of the leaden %n*e for Pennington. oration, were promptly performed—when lo, Wash-ington, looking very stupid, bestrides a beast look-ing rather sheepish—the feelings of horse and heroIn this part of hu speech, he sketched with a toward one another being, no doubt, well expressed aanater-hand the long and seemingly endless strug- in a colloquy between two personages when viewing| k in which the House was involved; the acrimony a coarse picture of Daniel in the lion's den. " See," which permeated and embittered its forensic con- said the pious beholder, " i t is plain that Daniel- In view of these things, your petitioner would thinkhimself wanting to h'js country's freedom and safety if chosen by tho Senate are the Rev. J. M. Manning ttemselves—each and every financial crisis causingt*»; the dinger of actual physical collision that •oaetime* seemed to environ it; the alarmed and excited condition of the coontry, which dema-don't fear tbe lions!" " Y es," replied his irreverent friend, *' but' it is still plainer that the lions don'tu>be made to pay interest on the debts to the contraction of which their owners have been driven. Tho greater their dependence upon distant trade, the more impera- tive becomes, fiom day to day, the necessity for fight-eiently shows tba:cHaving at length through much tribulation, mud,care a d—n for Daniel 'ftguet, bent upon breaking up the Confederacy at MB. F . B. BANBOBN'S PETITION TO THE Ar.d, &* in duty bound, your petitioner will ever pray, fcc.a quarrel which will not be a pleasant one. vand more certain the ultimate ruin of nearly every rail- roadcompanyoftheUnion.Howisitwithyourselve* —with t i e people of your State? But a Bhort time since, we wero assured that a barrel of flour could bitnc willing to pny cuticle.The care-of sh-,o of Mr. Gold. It si»4 flockmai.tcrtokf«.• The quality of the \\ ihe general pcoductijsystem. .Shelter Io the 1:r?t lug sheop succes 'fc <?xpoeure beUcr «i A o\3*m lleceo of the'when wet, aud admj drenebee the animal'J longer a prbuctiou qEconomy in t'n- tiASnotonly"leoaiood«preserved from <-a^ -wbich is way wayimprovement iu iiojftritoctedtothedioorgamzedatateoftheHouse; SENATE.tbe *mbarraa«ment that weighed down some To tht Frtiident o/thtBtnate of the United State:V.B.SANBOBN.BOSTON.Professor Huntington seems to be reconsideringhis determination to resign his Professorship in theCollege. He apparently considers the earnest re-quest of the Board of Overseers that his resignation tranapoxted to your city from Rochester at lees costferanche* of th© public service for want of appro-ytiatkm*--«n increasing him with the conviction,that if he could io anything to terminate this con-dition of things, it was his duty fearlessly to do it.H e then sketched, in hold outline, the political an-SIR: I have the honor to submit-to you, for the con- sideration of the Senate, the following remonstrance•and petition:Toth*HonorableBenaUoftheUnitedState*, nov>inBetaion at Wa*htnt)ton :FROM Trem Our Own Correspondent.The petition of P. B. Sanborn of Concoid, in the State summoned by a Select Committee of your honorablethcr.i right if ho takes them at their word.Tho bill to annex Roxbury to Boston, has been—and fiom Chicago more cheaply than from Cleve land—your railroad companies thusoffering largo boun-weeks ngo; but very lit'le attention was paid to the pro( eedings until within the past week. Tae Bos- ton papers, which are sure to report the particulars of every window-curtain conflagration or t >e-stub- birgaccident,havewhollyneglectedthismatter.77 e Springfield Republican of Monday mado some They regard his vote as an effectual protest against i statements about it, personal to Mr. A. L. Rogers, Congressional corruption, which is of more value to lieved from a tax of tran-portation tbat is destr>yi»g a member of the last Executive Council, under the country tnon the election of a printer can be to the value of tbeir land and htbor, aad that mo»t rotatestatements The Journal and Tlie Atlas an I Bee " FEBRTJART 1,1860. contradict; but as the personal controvesyis of no interest or importance, I Bhall nottrouble 30U with it. In general terms, the cnargeis that the last installment of scrip paid to the con-tractors, am< unting to $50,000, was paid before theconditions of the act were complied with; that thecontractor has been paid $50,000 for work whichdid not coet over $15,000 or $20,000; that he hasmade money enough during the last year to reim-burse him for previous IOSBCS, and that it^vill be forhis interest to relinquish the work unless the Cityof Boslon can be induced to loan its credit If theGovernor and Council.have been humbugged, whichI do not pretend to any, it is not a matter of verygreat surprise. When I began this letter I wasfully resolved to give jou an idea of the loan act, cence. For the accomplishment of that great object, i as grral a pr"p«rtion of tl e fruicht from oar ehann«la of tran*-in the asKesutc to tbr>e or four hundred thousand poonda In tbe the intentions of the Legislature. I am decidedly coumwof tbiee or four y*aiB. If tbe eaortu of those who en- courage tlie combinations to restrict tbe amount of labor and toopposed to the practice of putting questions to the J^o^JeairiktruMo'tV^ t h eJudges Of the Supreme Court, for the purpose Of i frtatactumuotian.of cwpital could no longer Wmade Wc/ieliciting answers which are to form the basis of , J ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^legislation;butICOnfeSSI Should liketoBeetheir .clearihewaylorih»vhole UadetoBtept-.whenp-icearevive, - andto carry^ona'greatbusinessbefore forexyn capitJ cma^ain veuerable heads puzzled by the contemplation of accumulate to such an rxUut a» to be able to establish a compj- this statute, and as the Council is again called upon tition in prii-en with any chance of suc^w- The large capitals to visit the Tunnel for the purpose of satisfying OJthiscov7,tyy ar* tn* great instruments of warfare avatnst the Competing capital offurdgn countries, and are tM mo*t essential themselves as to the propriety of handing over inKirrments now remaining by which our manufacturing suprem- another installment of scrip, it is by no means im- acy can be maintained. the other elementa-cheap labor, abun- probable that they may avail themselves of their dance ol raw materials, mear,a of communication, and akUledthe article which allows the Legislature and the cantile Syr-tern," whose error was so well exposed inGovernor and Council to require the Court to an- the Wealth of Nations. It is a war for compelang the swer questions of constitutional law. The imme-diate Btimulus to this movement is the interference people of all other lands to confine themselves to agri-of the Governor and the Court with the amendment culture—-for preventing tbe diversification of employ-Your petitioner would respectfully ask your carefulattention to these six points; all of which he is in-formed have been presented in your honorable body,or in the House of Kepresentatives by members of thesame, when, from- time to time, the questions involvedha\e been under discussion; and which ought lottherefore to'be flighted as the carping objections of afactious individual. He believes them to be the well-considered opinions of a largo number of hij country- one third of it. But Boston makes no demand for pauperism and crime, whoeo extraordinary grow-h you nies, like our formers and manufacturers, our miners men. Yet, if they were peculiar to himself, he would it. The most wealthy and intelligent places are and our shic-owners, are now being ruined—tbocroaching on the States in another; while the Execu- tiveclaimspowernotgrantedbytheConstitution,the Judiciary invades the province of the Legislature, and tbe Legislature has assumed Judicial authority—a mixture of powers carefully guarded against by ourstated to le $120,000 less in 1859, than in 1S58.This was tbe result of a law of the Commonwealth,"ures tending to the promotion of industrial independ- ence. Lands are now mortgaged, and\at enormousstracted or wasted. half made, it becomes n*xt needful to raise the means TheSenateandHouseareatvarianceinrelation withwhichtofinishit,andbondsarenowcreated, Federal officials who dangle around the Depart- sworn officers of the Government declare their purpose to the Board of Overseers of Harvard College. btaiing six, eight, or ten per cent interest, to be given ments, were stuffed in threes and fours into average to destroy the same, in a contingency not unlikely to ~These officers used to be elected in joint convention, at enormous discounts, in exchange for iron so poor inW. C.BHVAST.e«q. Philadelphia, F e b 20, 1SCO.SHLKENIR1XVC«C5AR£Y.he allowed usurpations of power against himself in matters however unimportant; for it is the custom in all political revolutions to proceed from unlawful au- thority allowed in lesser things to great strexhes of usurped power, whose beginnings he is determined to withstand. •Therefore he would renew his declaration that his refusal to appear beforo your Honorable Com- mittee is not in contempt of the Senate, but because he believes his Tights and those of his fellow-cidzens tobe imperiled by the action of jour honorable body; and tbat it is his duty to pray you to reverse such nction, and for him£elf to maintain these rights as God ehall give him the means.oi* the Old South Boston, the Kev. Rodney A. Miller further absorption of American railroad property by of "Worcester, and Asa French of Braintree; by the Engliuh bondholder, as has been already done inref- Bouse, George Morey of Boston, Frederick W . ence to the Reading, Erie, and so many other roads. Crocker of Barnstable, and the Rev. A. B. MuzzeyBut if the Senate persists in electing five Orthodox ing for it—for adopting measures tending to the further men to the exclusion of Unitarians, Univerpaliats,and Nothingarians, they will be likely to invoke destruction of local traffic—and for thus rendering moroBOSTON, Feb. 22,1860. There is a good deal of talk here in relation to certain alleged illegalities and frauds practiced uponthan from Utica—from Buffalo more cheaply than from wayofbowinghimoutoftheplace. Hewillserve Rochester—fromClevelandforlossthan,fromBuffalotecedent* and embsentJy conservative character of Massachusetts, respectfully showeth, that he was tbe State Government by the contractor on. tlie defeated in the Senate, and tho bill to annex Charles- ties on the abandonment of the soil of the State, andat Harper's Ferry, to which uummon* he, on the 21stChair of the House, to conspicuous to be seen, and, day of January, made antwor by letter, declining to Committee of the House of Representatives, got a Adams remain in Congress, because he has refusedpowerful party, oompriali.g probably at this time a t****** UM>legal aad Qusdifled voter,s of the nation, we hav, »•*»•^ \ $jdirecting the Auditor to estimate certain securities rates of interest, as the only mode of obtaining thebut the law was unwisely changed last year, and quality tbat it won'd find a market nowhere elue^—itsthey arc now chosen by concurrent vote. A caucus wear and tear being »ack aB must prove destructive towas held, which was apparently conducted with fair- it's unhappy purchaser. Under such circumstances theness, and the result of which was the nomination of road fails to pay, and it passes into the bands of mort- a ticket representing tho different religious opinionsTHEREPUBLICANS WASHINGTON.ANDGEOROEof Newburyport. The House list i$ composed ofthe best men, Messrs. Morey and Muzzey being es-pecially worthy.. The Rev. Mr. Miller is the flea of lation of local action and domestic commerce—th*t the Be ard, but does no great harm in it. Mr. Man- commerce in. the absence of which railroads con never ning is a good man. If the two houses can com-promise by electing Muzzey, Morey, and Manning,thua giving the Orthodox sects three members, andthe Liberals two, they will do a wise and fair thing.should be recalled, as something more than a politeTroyand Greenfield Railroad, in drawingmoney townwillnodoubtsharethesamefateintheHouse. therebyaidingour foreignmasters inthe accomplish-•f Mr. Pennington, and gloried in the factthat he had, in the person of that ven- body to appear before them on the 24th day of Jan- from tbo State Treasury, under the loan act of 1859. A Washington correspondent of The Daily Ad- ment of the dispersion of our people. So is it in thisnirable man, planed an olive-branch in theuary last, to testify in relation to the late occurrencesMr. Kimball of Boston, Chairman of the Finance vertiser intimates that the people, or the politicians State of Pennsylvania—through freight being carried of the l l l d Congressional District, will not let Mr. at lees than cost, while domestic oommerce is taxed foraf the result showed, appreciated and hailed by the appear, atd asking to be ejuuaincd in Massachusetts; committee of investigation appointed, two or three to support the CUUCUB nomination for printer. Tho the payment of losses, interest, salaries, and dividends. Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069BBument now but a few years old, the following extract from which is here submitted for your perusal;• he W*-*t a)«o •J*o measure could b« bet'er calenWted to con- ipiie with thi» arjibition, and further tbi» intent, than tbe pro «<a freitbt bill now nnfore our l.egi#latu»e. W e ^vrneatly aopt" Tho laboring cla«»e« generally, in the manufacturing district*hat tho»e m*-mbera -who ba-r« beta induced to favor it wiU gi-»eTbat such are the /acts presented by our records can- not be denied. Baving studied them with the atten- tion they ctmand, jou will, my dear Sir, be in a posi-Total Eeceipt*. Rooeipta p«r KO-Compare, I pray you, my dear Sir, the movement thus indicated with tbat exr,ibiied among ourselves ia pages, exhibit evidenee of the existence elsewhere of tbe past time years, and you will have litt'e difficulty erty is. In that case, Boston would be entitled to so powerful a combination for the promotion of tha', in comprehending wby it is that our railroad compa-Must this continue to be so ? It must, and for the reas< n, tha'- our whole policy tends toward the annihi-In all this there is a tyranny of trade that has a* fcngth the oloer States are now clamorous for measures of re-norease tbat has since been made:I1853 1859J9.3>5 20,«9•best of tho crearu.*3 www.fultonhistory.comns 