 NEW YORK HERALD.JAICI OORDOI BBMIETT, IDITOB AMD PROPRIETORtrnca K. W . OOKKD OF niaaxw AXB nn-TOK ITS.tHM PAZLT HERALD tmo emtt pw tomm, Wlptr mmmmTUB WBMM.LT BMMALO. anr*Hatmr*i*.at MBma «-. »»M-IMII;Ih*JWOMMMMWon«Mr«WMJMMUM, «• mofw»W*»4pw«*wik>«fwrtt/QrtatBrUam, v l i M t f w l «/ (A* Omtmmt, bmh m>wwfcwfc pottof; tik* »il7tM«<rinrt ' - " ^ r i 1 r-i*! -nrmlfi * if- rr"- Mr MM. «rBl MjMTtMMMM.TBM FAMILY UM&AJLD on Wmmtmdaf, at fom omt» par^OLUnfluT CURMMSrotTDMSCM, u ftiiy ispiUlitl•*». mtktHi from <w» ommrUr of tin w r U ; ff "Md, MH MI Havana with her coaMiranoe, tad for the pur- U « M > awed for. «9>0*B 'oasts* Ooaaasroa BOOTS A MP1AHCVLAX1.T team earns t o Bsua. i u U n w i a Paox- poee of annoying our commerce, and indicatethe port of New York a corvette of the Braafflicted with long and throat diseases, and tfcV a l iSo. 8 » the Nicaragua treaty, and to take such mea- sures for restoring the respect due to our flag andthesafetyofourcitizensandtheirinter-Connecticut should go republican, then theNew England States will be one unbrokenphalanxforthehigherlaw.IfConnecticutshould go democratic, then a link is wanting inthechain,andthecordonandthecharmarebroken together, and other States of far largervotes will follow her example. The South, too,willseethatthereisattheNortharemnantofgood men and true in the midst of disaffection with these they will obtain a noble to the constitution and hostility to Southern boulevard from the widening of Atlantic ave- rights, who will stand by the compact oa which nue, for which a bill has already passed the the Union is based, and never permit fanati- Legislature. Even Brooklyn art is asserting cism to ride roughshod over the solemn leagueLaw r«aLamas HATTYBU*BOWTDXT THB ATEE, Bowery.-Fiiio-Ton aao J l U T - LOT* in Hosaia Lira. -becomesourhonorasapeopleandourcham- pionship of the American name.When, with the full knowledge of past and recenterentsinMexicoandtheIsthmusre- publics, we remember that the Senate of the United States has refused to ratify the treatyf i r m Bwasenuxe.QABDZS,theocean,and,runningatrightanglesty,theofficersofforeignnaviesshould meet like treatment at our hands. Perhapswe ought to congratulate the Brazilian officers upon escaping the bore of an Aldermanic ovation, with Its accustomed vulgarity aad gastronomic excesses; but out of regard fbr the dignity of thisgreatmetropolis,itistobe regrettedthat some official notice was not taken of their visit in a quiet and unostentatious manner.fAIO—CJeeSW AtO F AMB.T.SEW BwWBET THEATBB. Bower? - W u B i t i I DASSS-tarn- LOAM or A LOTSB—St. BUST'S BTB.BBOADWAY BOOTKHB, AM Broadway - t * *ASSS TwoteQmsem BoniassorAVan*PoosfosMMAC. BABBXnm AJfBBJOAJT kusjrbjLMOO—T** uoromeoji.uiscoot,DASCBS,he.—TeaToeoua.HAT10BAX. CONCERT SALOON, National Theatre.— Soioa DAJWJBB, Bcnineseae, Be.Hew York, Fridsvr. March 83, IBM.The Slews.The steamship Canada, which left Liverpool onthe loth inst, had not arrived at Halifax up to the hour of closing the telegraph offices last night She brings three days later news.on the sole ground that they confer upon thePresident the authority to order any officer ofthe army and navy who may happen to be ondutyinthevicinity,toseethatthelivesandproperty of American citizens are securedto them, and their just rights respected, weand covenant made b y our fathers and conse- crated b y the best blood o f North and South.The republicans justly regard it as the criti- cal position—the key of the battle. Henceits individuality, if we may judge from the suc- cess of the first artists' reception, which was held there on Wednesday evening, and which was attended by upwards of a thousand of the leading people of the city.When our foreign relations from Ireland orbeen proposed, and is now in circulation, and ample co, and its territorial, political and industrial fundr> for the expedition will doubtless be promptly relations with us, require action on our partever since the establishment of a Superinten-vorable as it could be for the opening of the by a new addition to their ever increasingspring fashions, the attendance was very fair rates and rents.andthedisplayofgoodsexceededthatofanyforthcoming. Already ten thousand dollars have beensubscribed.The circumstances onnected with the mysterious tragedy on board the oyster slo >p E. A. Johnson, of which we published a fullaccount in yesterday's pa- per, continue to create considerable interest The policeareonthetrackoftheperpetratorofthe murders, and we shall probably in a day or two learnallthefactsconnectedwiththeaffair. Such facts as have transpired are reported in another co- lumn.dent of Printing the paper has been pur- ofadecidedandenergeticcharacter.There-chasedbythatofficerbycontractBowmanheldformer season. The articles are unsurpassed THE LITTLE RAILROAD GRIDIRONS IN THE I«f8 U ever as we would ihe atvenl of primkllrThe Post Office Department announces that inconsequence of a recent redaction of the Swisspostage on newspapers conveyed in the Bremen government, under which Miramon is to re-mails between the United States and Switzerland to one cent a paper not exceeding three ounces in weight, the combined rate of postage oa a single newspaper not exceeding three ounces in weight between this country and Switzerland, by Bremen wail, will hereafter be four cents, prepayment re- quired, viz: —American and sea postage, two cents; Oerman postage, oue ceat; Swiss postage, one cent^total, four cents. The three cent rate on newspapers for Switzerland,as stated in the foreign postage utile issued on the 8th of March inst, is the United States and German postage only, to and from the Swise frontier of Germany, and does notceive assistance from Havana. If be triumphsin Mexico, or even if he merely captures Vera this overcharge, has the impudence to insistto report them complete. The House seemedembraceanySwisspostage. cfficials,andseriouscomplicationsmayatoncenever been so far depressed as it is at the ings But few stores and houses are being beautv, in gracrful profusK n on the ,ttti-r Kile, ejdiag is a downy tu't of gre«-tj nuaiao-Kii Inside was tinei w>Upresent moment There are but very few ves erected throughout the city, and these are green, which *• rved as a ba -k^roui: t-w a slowing e n n rThe Aldermanic Special Committee appointed to investigate the ciaints of the rival aspirants to the contested seats in the Board of Aldermen were to have met yesterday afternoon, but failed to have a quorum. The meeting was therefore adjourned to Monday next, at two o'cloak P. M. The conosel for Messrs. Barry and Russell were presentThe Board of ('ouncilmen adjourned last even- ingtillMonday nquorumnotbeingpresentatthe caUoftheroll.ensue. These great questions cannot be de- ruptions which exist under the present system.quality, MHlont, ^ „ ^<.ennany In iu,«xi i ^ - .selected lor th. *J-JTseated lor the *mertoB» markete, andth* «*coverthepricesmtheUnited *HnT-b yt h efiringupon ourshtps-of-^. _"* "TM**,00°U « t CouldbeHUia«Presidential campaign. The increase inthearising from violent political agitation We IIV'T, shall f>robably see 110 alteration 10 the presentM.,«.••'thTHE CoNNKcncuT Eutcnos-THE Ewer or a»17 80, and aew prime at IU 2ftafU 91%. Coffee THE MAAiiFA(:TPitKas.-From intelligence in ni m-mlyheld,whilesaleswen assSBtaao sal at fsl| another column it will be seen that Caleb prices, quality considered. Sugars were steady end in Cushlng delivered a speech at Hartford yester-lNCONSI9TKN'OiE3 OV BLACX RKPUBLICAK LE- Oon FO&EIGK RELATIOMS.—There is new in consultation of physicians en the part 0 f themPorkraratherstifler,withsalesofaewmessatBIT751•rwyw4—iWniflfaof thattheblackrepublicanSenatorsaxedisposedto reriew their hasty aad Ul-adriaed action oa States which are trembling in the balance. Ifrecognition, and have been afforded an oppor- tunityofvisitingourpublicinstitutions.AMCBMOUrTaTHISEVWriBO.ram GABDBB.Bn«twar.-iBB4ji9A*r*w*»- estsintheanarchicalcountriessouthofusasOtAPOOBW AIXAOKt THXATBB, Besedway.-LAUBA KWMMWt THEATBB, 8M Broadw*y.-V*jrrrr with Nicaragua, and delays that with Mexico,•flKUVB BALwOft, Broadway.-Oso. C n m i i M is- to the vast interests that flow continuallytremble for the consequences that may accrueto our countrymen resident abroad, and they are resorting to desperate means of suc-Thus, whilst our black republican legislators are endeavoring to consolidate the two popula- tionsforthepurposeofmorewholesalespolia- tion, by the creation of metropolitan districtsMEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, MM.cess. The manufacturers are for the most partrepublicans,andtheysaytothehandsintheirestablishments, " N o vote, no work." If,party, on this vitally important subject, gives therefore, the operatives will not vote the and commissions, natural laws are creating be-betweenourAtlanticandPacific States. The action of the black republican Senators, as adesire to see the officers of the Brazilian navy landed at Castle Garden—for they would pro- bably be plundered of all they possessed by tile baggage-smashers and runners—yet we think that such distinguished foreign relations should have been recived upon their arrival by some of our officials with at least as muchat- tention as a stalworth voter from Germany or Ireland.Jan. Tanker, Madame Knhn, Geo. Heara, Jas Roaaldean, Hgers, Charlotte G. Smith, Lard ft Taylor, A Boris, htoe. Demnreat, J. A Bone, Mrs LevinsQi'iro— STWOTT—P. ft H. Lewis.WAVBBUT PLSCS—Mile. K Bamett.BOND STSBT—Mrs. A. Fuller.CUKTOH Piacn—A. M. FurlongOKA 1 STKBKT—Misses Smith ft Daly, Misses Getter, hsm.Johnson, Mrs. T Johnson, KeUogg, MaaameRaiuags.Mra. E. Gary, Mrs. Mulchinock, E. W. Grippe, Mrs. Barton, MhwNenle.Bownrnv—Mrs.W.B Dowdeil,Mrs.J.W.nempsay, MissE Drisoollassurance to every revolutionary leader laCentral America that he can despoil with im- starve. With wives and childrendepending oainconsistency of these legislative plunderers is, curious to say, helping the latter tendency. By taking the bribes of the ferry monopolists, and rejecting, contrary to the claims of justice and the voice of the public, the bill for cheap ferriage, they have contributed to maintain forpunity any American citizen that h e can l a y hands upon; and no one will doubt that they would b e quick to act upon such an assurance. The making such a denial of authority to thethem for subsistence, most of them may submit, and vote for their bread and butter, though it will be of short duration; for if Connecticut goes for republicanism, its manufactures will be very seriously damaged, and both mastersrepublican ticket they will be sent adrift to tween them a wider divergence. The corruptOurspecialWashingtondespatchstatesthat Presidentapartycryisthemostdangerous andmenthrownoutofemployment The afurtherperiodoftenyearsoneofthegreat-Ppainatobecalledonforanexplanationwithre. thingthatcouldbedonebyCongress. Itis goodshithertotakenbythejobbinghousesof estobstaclestothecloserunionofthetwogard to the fitting out at the port of Havana of the an abandonment, & fact, of the vast interests New York for the Southern market will cities. They do not see tiat they have supplied newspapers would seem to be a source of greatbill and amendments thereto were ordered to be ters has stopped this danger at its very initia-printed. The Homestead bill was then taken up- tion. The domestic strife now raging in A motion was made to substitute the House for the Mexico had succeeded, through the con- Senatebill,andtheCommitteeonPublicLandsre- nivanceof theSpanishauthoritiesinCuba,ported in favor of the Senate bllL An interestingdebateensued,inwhichMessrs.Clinginan,Hale in descending to thesea Thewarwasby rapid rivers, a gradual declension of thethe proceedings of the Common CouncilWhich was adopted, and the President subsequently ap-nate's sanendment to the bill providing for the pro- time that the black republican Senators, ga- section of female emigrants on shipboard was thered in party caucus, had determined totheir own throats.agreed to, and the bill passed.withhold national protection to our commercialTHE PLBUC PRINTING—MORS DEVELOPB- in every ^department, there are still a few Aldermen, which they have played so often result Is a bonnet a t once striking and diftingui, free from MENTS.—The facts brought 'to light by the things needed to render this city perfect as a that it is played out They have many times rigidity and exaggeration—the Scylla and CharybdisofThe proceedings of the Legislature yesterday interests abroad, a small knot ofnavy officers,axe somewhat important In the Senate the bill looking only to their national duty, overhauledopening of the bids for the contracts for print- ing the Post Office blanks, as detailed in our Washington correspondence yesterday, surpass themostextravagantstatementshithertomade as to the extent to which the public have beenplundered in these matters. Only think of tendersbeingreceivedat944and93perceat lessthanthepresentrates! Why,thereisno placer, not even excepting the great Washoe mine, which yields more largely for the laborgreat capital, and the most delightful residence adopted the same sort of resolution, but it the new style. There is not such uniformity Is the shape on theglobe. First andmostimportant,we alwaysendedinsmoke. Itwillsoendnow. ofthecrownasinthatof thefront; for the flat crown requirethestreetstobekeptcleanwinterand Ifthe Aldermenreally wanted tofindthe StillholdsItsplace,andthusaffords an excelami oppor-tunity for contrasting two styles so assenttahy dif- summer;werequireourparksandpublic papersinthiscitywiththelargestcirculation, ferentlaeveryperttoniar. Theruchehasseenitsbestdays, and it la now decidedly out of taabion. It most he content to b e superseded for a Ume, in order that il m ay returntoussomefutureday,withallthecharmefnovelty. It has kept its bold OB public favor for a nrj long ume,and,like an unconsctoaablevisiter, its de- parture does not excite one regret W e must b e under- stood as speaking of tne full ruche, for side ruchesare stillseen,butsoscadandcurtailedthattheircharacter is changed. They are not now, as of >ore, face trimmings but rather a frame in which ih>< Trimming is Set.In some bits designed for simmer wear w e hare ok Served a novelty in the ' c m or barbes or lappets, vary long and wide, floating on each side, and formed of craps or tulle of the same color as the hat, and edged with de- licate blonde The flowers us • 1 ID trimming are this sea son more than ordinarily beaulif.il, tbey are erq iwte is form and color, and it would be difficult to imagine aay thisg more natural <*incb and marabout feathers— one a model of stately grao, the otber o; nwayiug love iim-FS—areaisoused in uimming, likewise mo>oa, lace and tulleTwo new colors, or rather two new t-baue* made tfem ('ebut at the opeticg yesterday. Iteanng such cigfi an 101ICnamesthatwemustcbromcietheevent,aadsetimposing tolls on railroads was received from the Assembly and referred to a conference committee. The bills to foreclose the New York and Erie Rail-the corsairs, and when these thought to fright- en them with a few guns, gave them a broad-roadmortgageandtolayoatMadisonavenuewere sidewhichsoontaughtthemtherespectwhichour flag is entitled to. The event was provi- passed to a third reading. In the Assembly six of dential. A base and unpatriotic partisan spirit theNewYorkcityrailroadbillswerereferredto wasontheeveofinauguratinganationalpo-squares to be kept in decent order; we require they could as easily find them as the chamber- substantial stone piers for the accommodation maids, and the general community, who, when cfshippingonbothrivers,andwerequireour theywanttosellorbuy,andtomakethefact cityrailroadstobe placed under thecontrol knowntothelargestnumberofpersons, have and management of the public authorities, andpassed. The bill laying o a t Washington Heightsthe Standing Committee on Cities and Villages,licy which would have enveloped our com- merce in danger and our name in disgrace. It has come at the very moment when it was re-with instructions to report complete.give full particulars of the action of the AssemblySPRTNO FASHIONS IN THE METROPOLIS—OPEN-than this must be done. The position of Mexi- work'' are all that Wendell was paid for, and ING DAY.—Although the weather was as unfa- pockets, and the people find it out soon afterbellious government of Miramon has been at open war with our citizens^and our diplomatic representatives for more than a year. With the aid of the Spanish authorities in Cuba it hasfittedoutcorsairs. Wenowlearnthatthe Spanish ships-of-war at Sacrificios were sup- plyinghimwithwar-materialsforanassaulton Vera Cruz. This gives color to the statement that there are secret articles in the treaty re- cently made between Almonte and the Spanishthis effice, and, therefore, is not ignorant of the fact, however ignorant he may be generally. Butthe dishonesty of his plea as to "the typeset- ting and presswork" is effectually demonstrat- edbyRives'evidencebeforetheSenateInves- tigatingCommittee,wherebesworehewas paid buttwothirdsofthepricewhichthe Senate allowed for this work, the balance of one-third going into Bowman's pocket as plun- der The goverfiment is thus overcharged for "tjpesetting and presswork" thirty-three and a third per cent, and Bowmau, who pocketsIn richness, style and the expensive character LEGISLATURE.—Three of the city railroad bills of the material of which they are composed. were before the House at Albany yesterday, There is a promise of a busy spring, and al- namely, the Seventh Avenue, Tenth Avenue and thougheachestablishmentappearstohave Forty-secondStreet,andAvenueDandEastlaid in a large stock, they are all sanguine ot abriskandlivelydemandfortheirgoodsseason has certainly opened well, and theorders have thus far been very numerous- tion, but it failed, and a motion was carried to Our readers will find all the details iu regard refer these three bills, together with the re- to the new styles of dress in another partof mainder ofthe batch of gridirons, with orders this morning's paper.>>r groMiUe or Havana or Victoria These abates that briDK into our Fiylifch '•I'peuing" and peaceful haaws lecoiictioct o! "the bluot: red tt>iUeo< Italy' are th*Magt-nia ' acd tht ' So'fenr.o," ihe Orel a rich cnaatoa unl. iLt £eoud a dull laded redrrcLch hats r m l imporu d Krench hats, Or exact oMsi .11tbem.trele«£inrequestibai.>ver,tutjdooutan*. H;e lane of N e » York fa.-tii'>L»oies. aad year Of j ear thistactit.rw-comiurbutterULI••rsnoo1byoarmxLuut, whooiiwi'i-iitiv,xvrcirJ<h<iro»uteHteandfancy,aad an- faft tx-ooming in^etwadeul •>! lott-igL fudnoss Krea when Fr-tcli hai* lorm llie t*fui ul ...1 uew M/les t*«f tie so rjKfdified and tonci .i->wu m*t the/ retaia oat• light traces, if an> . o! trie:"- fo'^ign .utraotioo.Tbough >et-UTiiav Wa» a ver; ,.u »v.i »bfe daf for *'op»-nng.'' >ei tr><-lhi'*l l.ir Wnowirge itiat h»» dwua K'U'ahed all wonv'B'Brocethe •*ve ol Eve drewIdemfraal their bfiro. 1? w>ib an i m s m b * - I.tree tuatsei at oaaght ,oo« sleet, rnufdy cn*fr.n^n a o ' dirt) *i*irwalk* TB« dtflerenl'efrlifbiuilimeiil* Icon. 1ihur v. rv be«i in hoswrfCruz, w e have a war in fact upon our hands; and. perhaps, not one war, but two. Spain is becomicg complicated in this quarrel; and be-that this is not a "just cause for complaint" The conscience of theee Washington spoilsmen is certainly of the toughestto hang fire on the question, the friends of thebills, whoever they are, refusing to give any <•( the iisy (V< we:? '> eif-saiit'\ i-nt** <1 l»ii*« «a'k«osidesto take Cuba before we can secure peace.information concerning them when it w.ts asked for. We conclude that the entire lot ot gridirons now only await the vote of the'House,sliwly roiind the room* »r (>a>i8e<l t-i alm're the aitrae- tH>rs'of the centre Uble which looke.) l'k<- an enormous bouquetsi•ILtt•tr.'.dk-o' 11.rnnw Inorderwgin our reader* a clearer idea of Die w » ntylrS that are coming in w e Khali describe » '*•* i>'*iu*i* Uial ware oa exhibition veMer'isy, ai'>> much «<im f . In Brawn's we were ttitrarb < b> an ejtqu-«iU hat"' chip andai t Kooad the wbiw- chip front o**r»d an e>v og sf the sam* mate- rial joined to it hv a ooruieg "f gr---a MIX. The crows, ahicb was soil and 'till, was antjf o'. greeo siik,co»erel With crape, through whk-b tne Uii-trr of ibe silk giram«l It si'biiiKHl In a t'• ; rich W'n»e pomt ta<» ffil over ihereconquering37ieftonorof the country requires, and thead- dent and foremen paid respectable salaries,andMexico,w emay y e thaveministration is determined to enforce, a demand cm Spain, to know vohether the fitting out of the cruisers of Miramon at Havana teas done with the knowledge or the connivance of the Spanish8worn to perform their duties faithfully, to- gether with the necessary force of printers, Ac., paid by the piece for the work they actually perform, is what is required to save the coun- try the enormous expense and the gross cor-report was laid before our readers in the HERALD ot yesterday, and the remainder will be found in another column.The grand result of the investigation is thatfor thirty years the ship building interest hascalculate upon in the present aspect of affairs.NEW BUILDINGS IN THE CITT. —There arelayed by palliation and discussion and inde-cision at Washington. If Congress will not act,the people will. Events will force the issue.Sam Houston will carry the whole countryacross the Rubicon when he crosses the Rio printed Borne account of the changes in thesele on the stocks, and those are of the smallestclass—chiefly pilot boats, yachts. A c , Ac. Thisstate of things may be traced to two or threecauses. In the first place, the panic of 1857,by reducing the imports, iuflicted a terribleblow upon the shipping interest, from whicha long t w n j.ir.g niMTuno'l widened streets. In real e ^ t e there is just as a Rrj"»fUk , fccu )<•*.•the same indisposition mauifestei to iavest. china-asters an.' burche» o- ytelr.ea to U it bea :1> Anodj-leitne-,*.»t au : wb/wb ..- aii'i waif v .(.-in Bi-Ar>^» r a m es-»oiain-Grande.poeed a t!ian.<*i.'••bai* 1eel* • mow) wuien** t t ia°'- i ft q.lbltebue01 it' (••.,'•(.»! ir;In this emergency Congress must accept theOnr corrrapoiident at Rio Janeiro, writing on ifiMie forced upou it by the expulsion of our culars of the measure before. A t the samestandard, and have increased over those of thetion which prevail- in 'best- ui-itt^is we h.*ve to cai.gbi in a'. >nt.-rni ? J-S; irinumm^ » f t tori 1 '-..:I", < ,-.1aTo inane'D-le, >*t"'h d^t*""' **yw:~~The 8 t o c k o f coflfee ta flrgtanas • w««, ec*i t, for the interior average ftnd r u^iT^rmd*r' *«*»* -**£'flush times of 1855-'5(;; yet the carrying trade English screws. About ten vearw ago. whenof ourshipswerecburteredabroad, andtheirJL-TVIB rUC»- -I. '• . - O M 'aneiil* '•*».* urn r v-'» (v:e. jurao*-*r.*u :XuLf, *o ' •t »«3»:J ,n.h.cli ** t..!1».i.' I , -• -U I fi< .•tiifii r.v/W. >i V3." <it*nw<e i/, oiix-v—owa»*Minister to Mexico in 1859. by the murder ofour countrymen at Tacubaya and Tepic, bytherobberyofourcitizensintheMexicancapi- whenwesaythat this bill isonlyadodgeof!«• OtJl»rtal, and nowwar at Anton Luardo. We are at war with the Miramon faction in Mexico, and we cannotventlarge eunir in building opemtion-'.with AtiU'ier ('',;••;..',. «';.the republican leaders to make capital for the the fast Yankee clipper was in its trlory. many the uncertainties flaring tbem in the face •r. /.. 11 'A national printing office, with a superinten-in process of construction. A portion of the the result of which it is hardly possible 1*.Of course it is not to be expected that either Bowman or Ford should approve of it.confined to the erection of stores and mu rose with biack leaves and lv» [ » « *now> fl.iw-rf that forme*i Ibe face Inmim.g •cib .<( wtl'.- cftlg fronts to complete the lines ot therecently and whitesilk, innutu'do t>>•<•w o -\c. 11" .1 la e ±Dialreadycustoms dnties which are foreshadowed in the bill reported in the House from the Ways andTHEN E WTARIFFBILL.—We haveu -iron impost is intended as a sop to the 1'enn-escapefromthefact. Thetreatywiththele- sylvanianinterest,andthemovementgenerally upwuouebythescrewpropellers,whichbeat stateofthingsuntilaftertheNovemberelec-.c« t cr 70.0U)bbta.,ofwhich,wSJ"*££ gitimateandliberalgovernmentofPresidentisgottenupsolelyforthepurposeofhelpingtheclippersiutime,-towmorefreight,andstandtion.IfaI'nioncandidateshouldconcentrate.av.sUialof flour inBkhmond, l^W O bbla. from PhilaesBphia, and Juarez sfauuld b e at once ratified., and the wholethe black republicans in the North. Theydo the strain ot their work better than j*ny fast the popular vote upon him. then bu*iuess1.'-:.ini.lt. s »-.: s ?";.e • I'I/O'- rt!t nn srn.<-h w c vc; •.ji i:c. '• (.'.mat cany *v' i jfff'vt3,000 bbkv from T:te«t» and Genoa, "*»*Sttielnin-JJJ.porters' hand.- and prices rang* from Mg<*•» un*5©tolh 000. Nearly mil American vessels leave la b.wla*tmoralpowerofourgovernmentthrowninhis notexpectthebilltopass;probablythoywill I favor. Our postal communications with Mexi- make no very strenuous efforts to bring aboutsailing vessel. W e xm&i come to the screw ship* if we intend to maintain our position as aoperations ofevery kind will nvume tueir (ormer activity--,'.. 'J.1,0 1. TL- rijt*•t black aiitl A ,'e s:.raw . pers C hair i*r>"aa*aVc o hick ban*been closed by an unwise par- such a consummation. Just before every Pre maritime Power, aud assert our supremacy on TM«^ahould bo atonce reestablished. The sidential election we always have % littleI.IPII ••• —II.—.— ,II . •• ••—!••..-IIfhecottoemar»et>-erter<fBj©aoturaedheavytoror* pouringfatoGoam theseas. thelungsandey^softhecitizens,the-nowinarntmrertluulit..-; e,*nsunS'bc'B/•ary aad comgBOQ 4r»«t»''s, aad prion were somewhat tr- ttZTc^z^LTM ^ r.«is»r, whtic yjofo 4 k^l Slither gmto* wer««*»4J,tin aaleoot'l^OObaJm, inc!;..-iiug1,000.ntransit,noUhu •"*«*«Jotb^S?',^"frcturera,artisans, ba»«ofquotationsgl\uuinabot^rcotama. ilouxwassugar for the iron founders, and a bm> honor two for the Northern manufacturers. The new tariff act is a little bit of Papa vSberrcan's ^confectionary,andisintendeda>sapersuadertocuar^cur.^t,' r/ u n *•'} - Ui iujotbe* •-•( Jibiiaii ru;,a*- acta t.^-'UJu-<*>•*' > ..: ui. delvaiestrshi i.4v for commoti fr**k« &l Stale attu Wi-siern, whilett>ti^Beraadextrahr*ntlswort'steady.Salesofall conferring.p^S^^1*?for»'allgoodlittleboystocometotherepublicanBrownraidtheorderhasbeencountermanded,k •«wereBioOiirau: tVcUMrn ^urwassteady and aorderthearmyandZS^S^T*'to schoolhoube. After theelection thechildren will find themselvei cheated out of their fttn-andtheshjpswill notbebuiltatpresentThus the almighty nigger's tracks may be •greatest sufferers, both in the merchant store*1harinu.g mens in the->a>e,f»«n^^t;!^it. Wheal w%» iTsait've. *-.l|i\^nHie!i quaUu* « « i f r j apnag ware aomiaa: ludiaaa wlute sold atUntitledy, and the tariff will remain untouched till••xtPresidentialelection,whenthefarcewilltsixmonths. Drygoods,ofcourse werethe foundinallourcommercial,socialandmari- andonthebackaotpedestriaaa,furniture,wo,.aii-Ti" nr»' OK**-*"ti 'bmavfiwaakesclubatftM. Corawastosomet« —»»^M,..Mtf ^Hfcftftlw••till• MJ--n«Mmi^mm A^kwrh***Thomas M. Tryniskiin U.-* dei-e- tnaertt th* fattag cha'irr na a th - ut;«!r a.nre^»r: o: « i ? i *& tM at aad DocumentGISLATION.—The up town movement la NewYork is creating a reaction amongst the Brook-lyn pedple, which bids fair to act as a counter- harbor. She is at present in service asa school wash down the dust, the s u a which that oneztiian Bswy, making a temporary stay in our foodrequest,withealesofJ,10»a1,200Bade,aad1S8dayinfavoroftheconservativeticketinthe checkuponblackrepublicanlegislation.Our ship,andIsofficered,nodoubt,bymanymem- day'sblowwillcausetobeexpendedinva-boxes, at pttoea gtvan at assttiw piece. Bteady, with a fair amount of engagemesuFretghw werebers of the firstfamilies of the empire of Bra-rious ways wqnld amplysuffice to give us4•an WMliltipftoB-Threoteat- l»fAspectofOaurRel*tloauwrit*8P*«*The advices from Waektogfeii imform onthat the govenanteat wIU call apon 8peia tostreets from this time to next falL favor of sweeping the streets.THE SPRING FASHIONS.Opesalatg D » w 1stth e Hetropolla. The opening of tne soring fashiow took pats* j day, according to the announcement la the Hia±in8uU it was aocoeaatnl in the dispUy of fextensive and varied than we have aeea at any previous spring opening In fact, u exceeds thai ot bm,oranyformeryear,intheamount,variety,aadshe•*- pensive quality o f the various articles en oxhttjttaa, t h e kaiiMaiwwM. !«•.—'-nineiuiuifj_. gotten, and the world of iaahioa—or the New York par tionof it-is asgay,is stjUan.sndaa indifferentUan pense at if revulsionseristed only in Imagtnaita and Bad nopartisteehardrealitiesoflifeDeepue the weather there w u , however, a very fair at tendance; the ladies were evidently determined to aes a t that was to be seen, a a d t h e ntentstet. dressmakers and importers badabusyumehiattendingtotheir Everything indicated a ravomhie season, and the 1are in high hopes witn their tutors prospects Betowwegiveadetailed accountoftheopeningnayatthe various department* The fouewiag are u>e aamaa nf the different establishments in which openings ware b e l d -BBOADWAT—John Brown ft Oa.,W . Jackson, Mrs J. Germany arrive here they are received at Cas- H. Goason, John Simmons, M rs G Sohlegel, atlle. Bar. nett, Madame Harris ft Ben, Madame Errtna Gnerm, Hentle Garden and taken care of by the State 17 Wufcehs, G. W . Bansford, Mrs. Scofiela, A Hatha war, authorities;and,thoughwewouldbynomeaas MissesThomas,MeadnneaPtootftWilkBuon,Mm.Uvntt'know if the Miramon cruisers were fitted out attheatres to localities beyond their reach, a dis-position to separate as widely as possible theinterests of the two cities. They are accord-ingly treating institutions tor themselves, whichwill render them, t o , a great extent, indepen-dent of us. They have a splendid Opera housein progress of erection, which will be finishedandreadyforusebythebeginningofNovem-ber; they will inaugurate in a few days the When an American national vessel enters a Long Island College Hospital, which is munifi- foreign port, which our ships of war rarely cently endowed, and which will boast of a visit—especially in the capacity of a school FacultyandaClinicalSchoolsecondtonone ship,asatSouthamptononalateoccasion— in the country; they are about to create a her officers are always treated with attention chainofparkswhichwillextendalongthe andrespect,notalonebyprivatecitizens,bat heights crowning the city, and which will com- by the authorities, In consideration for the mand an uninterrupted view of the bay and American nation; aad, In a spirit of reciproci-Connecticut election, which has Seymour a t i u head. The democrats are making tremendous exertions La this campaign, and the republicans are putting forth equally vigorous efforts.It is a highly important contest—not as a State matter, for it is ot little consequence to the people, a s regards their internal government, which ticket is triumphant, but of vast moment as touching the effect it will have upon the Presidential election in that State next fall, andtheinfluenceitwillproduceonotherneighbors across the river naturally see In theproposed removal of the City Hall to Madisonsquare, and the transfer of the old down town manly bearing of her officers would at least as well as comfort, then, is aiBLSSKW SnmsT—Mrs. Davidsonthat now cross the American Isthmus to the be wanted no more; the demand ceases, and their opponents with one of the most powerful trouble to the Board of Aldermen. On the DrvBKMr SmnsT—Mrs. M. Freely, Mrs. Openhysaateaniera recently captured by the Gulf Bquadran*and if the explanations are not satisfactory, the tender mercies of Spanish-American pronun- so will the supply. Stagnation of trade, fail- arguments that can be urged against their 15th inst Alderman Boole introduced the fol- SIXTH Avmrcs—Mrs. Ringgold, Mrs. Aver.neutrality laws, so far as regards Spain, will as- suredly be suspended.In Congress yesterday the Senate passed the bill to establish mail roates in Kansas Territory. A reso-lutiaa was adopted calling for information relative to the expuhion of a naturalized citizen of the laitedStatesfromPrussia,in1857.AbQl_providing that persons, by endorsing their names on letterssent by mail, can have them returned free of postage, when undelivered, was passed. The Pacific Railroadeiamienios and the milk and water protection ot diplomatic notes. It is the withdrawal from every merchant ship in those ports of that mo- ral palladium which the American flag should ever be. More than this, it throws open the sea to these partisan strifes, to the danger of commerce everywhere.Fortunately the gallant and energetic courselately pursued b y our navy in the Mexican wa-ures in New York, bankruptcy in Connecticut, an idle, hungry population driven to despera- tion, will be the fruits of the republican victo- ry, even if the Union should not b e dissolved.What the effect will be of the cruel edictcompellingthehandsinthefactoriestovoteagainst the best interests of themselves andtheir employers remains to be seen. No doubtone effect of it will be to rouse the Indignationof honorable men of all parties against a po-litical tyranny which can only be equalled by grade from the backbone of the island to eachanIrishlandlorddrivinghistenantstothe ottheserivers,themostcompletesystemoflowing resolution in the Board:—Whereas, the advertising of the proceedings of the Common Council in numerous newspapers is a subject that BhouM receive early attention from the Common Council,ina pesuniarysense,aswellasinconsideration of the advantages to bederived bythepublicingiving greater publicity to the acts of the Common Council; therefore, b e itBetolved,Thatacommitteeofthreebeappointedby ui..» Board, to act in Conjunction with a committee from the Board of Oouncilmen, to revise the present list of newspapers employed a s Corporation papers, with a viewSraiso SnaiBT—Mrs. BunuiUe. BuoeoH STBXST—H O'Neill DonuvicK Srasi—Mrs. M. C BlanchBRoeri.TK ATUSTJCSTRICT—Mrs.F. Wtlunsu, Madame Lee.FILTOK STKXST—J. & Armstrong BONNETS.The bonnets for the coming spring aad summer are larger than those w e have been accustomed to for some time back, and to that extent a r e improved. The little shell shaped fabrics that hung on t h e head rather than sat on It, that wore the objects of so much ridicule andto be made to harass all foreign commercethat frequented those waters, just as it had ha-rassed and violated the rights of every foreignthe North and the South. In the House the Se- merchant within the country. But at the very down the stream, and at every stroke cuttingstand np straight as a wan, looking as unbecomingand ungraceful as it Is possible for any combinationof shk and lace to do. Others, again, were too large fray prmonce—to please n reftned teste; theyfsttmcted attoa-and Wig fall took part The discussion took a wide range, embracing, among other subjects, the New England strikers and the relations betweenlieve no action has been taken in the premises. This may,perhaps, be accountedforbythe fact that the Aldermen have been away atOur reportsonthesebills.TheWestWashingtonMarketbill quiredtorecallCongresstoitssenses,andto andriskincurredthandidthecontractsunderno difficulty in selecting the paper which is in everybody's handa The Post Office Department hasascertainedbysworntestimonythepaper of largest circulation in New York, and this is no secret to the Aldermen. Y et their object is not to "let their light shine before men,"was referred to a select committee. awaken the country to the disgrace that was The democrats are carrying on a lively campaignin Connecticut Reports of speeches delivered by prepared for it by the black republican Mayor Wood and Hon. Caleb Cuahing, at meetings Senators.An interesting meeting to promote Dr. Hayes' resumed the discussion of the Nicaragua treaty' have never been a just cause for complaint"proposed expedition te the Polar regions was held and it is to be hoped that it will reconsider He suggests that all the frauds heretofore com-by the Geographical and Statistical Society last the unwise action it took a few days mitted have been in the paper, engraving, evening. Dr. Hayes and Professor Mitihell ad- since on that instrument. But something moredree^ed the meeting. A subscription circular has binding, Ac. Now, the "typesetting and press-not left to the mercy of monopolising specu-lators. Thesewants,itwillstrikeanyone,are not extravagant, nor are they impossible tobe supplied. No other large city in the worldcan complain of them, and we do not see anyreason why New York should be compelled to but to hide it under a bushel. Hence their remain in its present inchoate condition, ex-The probability now is that the Senate willheld at Danbury and Hartford, are given in to-day'sUKKALD. wake to reason and retrace its steps. It has declares that "the typesetting and pressworkpolls like a herd of sheep. Meantime it is the dutyaswellastheinterestofthejobbing bouses o f New Y ork' t o remonstrate with t h e Connecticutmanufacturers,whoseem benton self destruction, like so many swine swimmingresolution was adopted, no conclusion appearsthe old system.Bowman, the Senate Printer, is, it ap-pears, greatly alarmed at the idea of theestablishment of a national printing office, andpolicy of consolidation.WHAT THE CITY OF NEW YORK REQUIRES.—There isnotalarge cityintheworld whichoffers greater facilities for being made a mag-nificent andhealthy metropolisthan NewYork, and with a proper government to con-duct its affairs it would become a model capi-tal. With two splendid water fronts washed to reducing the expense and giving greater publicity tocommittee. Thoughmorethanaweekhaspassedsincethissewerage could be effected, and with the bodyoffreshairconstantlypouringinfromthe tohavebeenasyetarrivedat—indeed,webe-cept that it is the most misgoverned city upon which the sun shines.practice has generally been to advertise their "good works" in obscure papers of limited cir- culation. The first the property owners know of the operations of the Aldermen is when the tax collector puts his hand into theirTheSHIP BUILDING IN THE MErROPOLis —We lately despatched a reporter through the ship- yards of New York, with directions to ascer- tain the number and size of the various craftBroadway roads. An effort was made to sub- stitutetheSenatebillauthorizingtheComp- troller to dispose of the leases at public aucit has not altogether recovered. It is quiteMeansCommittee,andwegivefurtherparti- truethattheimportshavecomeuptotheirold purchasesor'^ues Korthe(receratstagna- tir.iiovertin-n- |-JS~'<••'time we only assert a fact familiar to all whoare acquainted with the machinery of politics, for fin*' goods is almost monopolized by thethank the Harper's Kerry insurrec'iun and the Tjnti t'i» <i ir '.»h 1 k large wt'ti r.>•disunion movement. M^n in trade wili not in- ui t..0C'i' . » "Howners reaped a golden harvest. Their work iszil—certainly the fine appearance and gentle-warrant that conclusion—and yet these gentle- men have received no courtesy or recognition from the public authorities. Private citizens, it is true, have not failed to extend to them every kindness and hospitality; but they should have been received with some mark of officialTHE ALDERMENANDTHENEWSPAPERS.—Thepointed Aldermen Boole, Genet a n d Starr such special abuse, have disappeared, and in their stead w e have losescrowns, flaring fronts, a more comfortable shape, and a newerstyle. Ittoa6tyle,however,whichrequirestants in arrangement and skill In manipulation to render be- coming. Some oftheflaringfronts we have seenings, superb hotels, and our material progress veriest humbug. It is an old game with the hot when teste and skill are brought to bear on it,they preside over the arrangements a n d formation, ah*sea below us, and the open end of the islandfromthenorth,thehealthofthe cityoughttobe second to none in any part of the universe.But with all these advantages, together with Albany lobbying, and bave had other fish to tton, but did not excite admiration A s w e have said be- our fine streets and avenues, handsome build- fry. But the movement seems to be the fore, it is a peculiarly difficult style tolees preparations than usual at this .-en- car, e and arrt trout, aro aD <*inoa leather, caught oa oo* son of the year for putting up new build- nde b y a coquettish tooamg how ot rbif,, swept ac/vws i»»»bat and drooi*d, as if w,-u;tie<i down by its owa luxunaatThe dry goods men and jobbers, who are the principal speculators iD thb way on Broadway, decline for the prevent t<, en^r into any newniei t *at! tut delicate _> I. i. I. Thenaierialoaflavei.0ri-*;1 1 •'••: |>««> •! o v r 1over 11twdl"'Ki I) glie*-fl, who** .:?:, wi!btheel.".»uLi<!tbe crows-penmen' v<THK COOTI•!•-A 1>i>n l)\\. 1t>.rtunately for lnt:r, art thecriwi. »fThe slavery agitation, too. has had some efteetuponshipping interest';. TheCharleston before. ThedustwhichthefierceMarchblast k»red s:Ucn.»J.tmmitir (•ti :ieouO'.i'-»*baof yes'^erday vanquished the du=t of the dayline of steamships was to be reinforced by two of rich fe' ow rnw-' an.' ' t»\f , U> . "d *»rt •tyush<rr)4u*tjous. ofWednesdaywhirledoilfromourparched sodJtrSs'is innf'h'—of mravi~Tr.Tr* «!*•.JUSnew vessels of the first class; but since the John streets did damage to property and person to ters i>f v H-!.c*t r«.v rs, jx-;et r* !•! t i u *ia.-ry d * SJ.J8arag>'ir!.,abd..:v.• ai_Tcu%ii .-..,u(fra**aa anamountthaiwould keepthec:tycleanfor leraleave*,be/1 ar si• eai.y alHlu -I101 wai •!"*»money spent for lager and ether Liquife*ofa*L;teI-i„a- Tt-y are t.-ra»BV?d 3F0u9ltSonouNth13069mu3t have been damaged ccnsideiably; andew4tYhoSrtkreetime affairs, as well as being a, coatir»U4l buff-www.fultonhistory.comcoffin:- 