 -5kaMU««ipod.withinpasaentsrs; that the whole Disiuion mofement is only aresponserepentoftbehi^crimetheyiiaveperpetated anyothermovementhavinginviewtheTMb now definitely n^s^jf determined, ernStatesto^«/;Kme.Secession,untilsome ben-b^me.. k tkt taam IrtWfcj. ftMihc a* oitrheavy, with a reaction of 2®S per cent against State securities, snd a fall to 71 in Kew-York Cen- tral. The feeling partiallT fanproved in the after-Beyond the oonaiderationamoreOa cnltiTationafOBmm_aa4 troll—File* Tw»Owwt, i»T«d » IW noon. Ceatrsl T3i against 73| on Friday evening.Africa,:CanCubapos- immediatelytobnt to-di^ erem gold-V-TSBXnWUmlcnry;. » WMk, aidli* an ItaiULH yMr. •~~~^"~~~Tint(iiBnriiiiji ti—news of tlie before. day^_,„._ *w^- CMd(A Tauan> Omaurt.meeting vindleated the justice of the Disunionoccasions, witliin the brief periodhavefounditnecessary toParty%f the nation, in convention attUtmirifmfnnHnfi lurili^'h syaipattj it neefna4lSeBit]r, it4l!(*r'tf^ of te rafiual of tlie ,President to rein-new"scene of tbe greatest enflmslaai;^pc» die scanty fanison of Fort Moultrie, in i^lf^tar of Chadeaton, in accordance withgivenof his RoyalOntbe ,<iAar Mad, we are assured that there is^ IjpMiOity'liar datermined upon which will be sat-violence and riot,free for no deliberately attempted to stimulate the spirit speech,Steeplewas theQnquestionidrie eaiae of«e not wantingAn important manifesto has just been issued bySenator TouiiBS, in the shape of a letter in refer- ence to the fifth article of the Constitution, from wliich tliere is reason to hope that even this dis- tinguished battler for Southern rights is not wholly l^ven over to disunion. He says that if the Con- ddjHuil JwiiiTil be amended sO that its provisions flWiililllirhe evaded or resisted by Abolition States, ana If the Bepublicans, or a /uajority of them in Congress, will vote for such amendment, he thinksitwouldl>eonlyreasonableandfairto postpone final action in the Southern States until theLegislaturescalled for action the Personal Lib- together uponerty bills. Should this actipn be adversa to theto overthrow the Republican Party. These lish capital in American Securities may be ern feeling to demand the Wilmot Proviso and he will, doubtless, retire to private life grams of the West The notion that the are the grounds of their appeal for a delay tempted by the low prices, thus operating to wiien the acquisition of Texas threat- with the proud consciousness that he has Prince of Wales danced Mr. Lnrcoui into OeMcoiBB of Mr. Lii(COiJi,whenespecially upon It is evident liiat thewadd hs*« bast tha eoosequence.in face(Dtiir) <•on<Thiabthe] _chare, ky a^idt (ha )P!qMUmt alesiemnfy pledged UaMiir t»«et«idad.—»«• «to aO «< • « drt tr 1^' ***'have and acquirediMHWlll riTir «*-Tl—I.W>iaiJii>Wt(riM«l/;*rn«i^ steadykinds ofTTT-t—TlltlMllprincipalCubanslavessmuggled over to Florida and trsde and commerce of the whole country."' " '^^th« Viw-Tou Vm», MwT«kk 00.,and deficient grain erops, batThe mutual1, 1 VTlimanufac- turing activity, abroad, were seldom ao abund-ofThere can be no doubt that the PresidentmHgan»-IU- ! iJJIHTII iHwiiiiiiii and Erenlng—8pau»-jMsitions in Uie community fliem.The object of themaysecure forTbe past week has put a more cheerful fluse on onr and cdmtnereial TheWhat,then,isthereto«vMnpMBef? ffalhiTBS-aaanmoneykey to the dead-lock oa theUntoi;but thehas ruled the cotutry, nntil tt"•""*" Olt».emergency of an agitated at home, governmentEngland, by way of set-tlement of the di^renoes.confidence between the Banks and their deal-haveOegiiaiaateea^k ter; andthathlsftieadilatIBfeAXlDB—AfterMOB and Xt«b-IbiBr Ok BMW ILaaxpromptly realized, so that both par-inthe terms of proposing extraordinarycom-ri^ at needlesspnriiibifion ofSlatwyliit ries, where it is now munifpst flie inever take root, we liave sides.of Northern States could beSouthern States wouldtherawmaterial. Anditisnowcertain—that lence, and demonstrate loyalty to the South ure which could give offence ?condemnation of Mr. Wiluam Muluoav.CoMsirriTTioHALAaanDiaaT.—^The Albaay'Booth, then he would tliink itto aaeade, at the latest by the 4th of^Uarch.The Legislature of, South Carolina has succeed- ed, after seven ballots, in electing a Governor, Col. natMMU being the successful candidate. Tiiis decflon may be rMarded as somewtut significant, iaMMadi aa CoL ncKiBS is looked upon by the ailiwlaliiintlie Kate as much too moderate in hiaIr ofsoted the aecessicn movement nntn after theBent have fiiiled.Wkmkix FHiU-irs, according to previous an- nouncement, delivered his lecture on " Uobs anddBcatioa,"at the Moaic Hall, Boston, yesterday forenoon. Tbei* was an iawiwse audience pre- sent, many of whom were doabUeas attracted by tlteezpectatioBafatiM, aa anck an occurrence had been threatened. The lecture, however, was liataned to with attention to the close, with only •a occasional fmgbota of disapprobatlao. The <and the— willAtlas and Argus propoeea that tional differences be adjustedpdnciriee.—heeffect of this pro-valry in mostprinciples bywere actuatedthey longThey told the South andmember ofriiiniltiillfiii iii|iiililliaii hi fiaiM. aiaj lisailaillan trthe sheer force of fte cntrent he was pressed into the movemei^ His elaetkin may be regarded as an anti-revolution Aetmj, as it is generally believed in the State that ka^llu not proceed to eztremeties until all nego- tiritaa and argument with the General Govern,touched ab which brokeMobs inupon general,or sixwas of theproduce ofin theirpenaltieswhenprovoked beyondacorrespondent of the Chariestmicome from South Carolina which ate leaQy^eakertoparty motives, and pro-cent.,millions,and their al>ettors in the FreeStates^to keep4ha itlttiriif'i^ whoas arrival at Mttroga,share and of the soundest in no regular occupation, and yet — largest suppliedbythe trade returns for October, where the emulation that can at this moment exist be- the not country,whatthey would do, butpropermu(ihby this meetingthan those^but if these suffice we shallthe Repub- It would bepending byIt is weQ known that he atrenuons-What be t luding. willceeding uponfrom the BritishKingdomwas never before soin the strict observance oflaw is thewhich before the election.aiij ,af Congress, and having adopted, bfsHMs ef the dtlxens of the Dotted States sThey appeal solely faiticnlar, and denounced tlie City Gdvemment pose only party aims.upmeetingthe United States. Last year, the foreign certain point. The stone waUs, iron gratings, the Platform of the as much Republican Partywants of the Kingdom, for the same month, scanty diet, hard labor, rigorous discipline and out of sight of the people as possible, and inplace of it, to parade, as Republican princi-A lane crowd was outside at the gatheredPossiblypro-were of the value of less than four silence of mustwritten here.We liave published no letter from Cbarlastaathe John Brownia MdOaily Press of Boston, in unmeasured terms.close, l^fWliai.violence, Mr. Phillips was escortedmillions,no perpetualSingSing,force on all the facultiesfor Georgiaaee- an smead- be content. So far as the South is concerned, month, if not sooner. The idea, therefore, of reprobating and punisliing, it will be wise for more appropriate to ask what have the Repub- ment te the ConstitutioB to the fcdowingkMMtea. Bomber of hia friends and a force of they propose. They may be regarpart of which was from this country. If anycrushingthe of Abolition ples, inflammatory haranguesother Southern point, which was aatWmk, MMflMMMH^dsT but Sunday, a serious |riotanywritten, so far as we know have aafraaaOBitiniated that, had the lecture beenpreachers. way Southern people have been led to believe that gressional speeches, and of the language of of which the United States fiirnish as pleased himself, observing ho rule, engaged the Republican Party will not scruple to makeoroov- foreign Receiptsof tlie tone of Con- Boston has beei|lBiMaiiead, raaehed this City on the Republican Press. But they can scarcelythe news U the CMtHnardal aadfiaaiicial inteUi-nDea,aadvadoiM astnctsw tlwaobieet are given must know that they apeak the aentimenta of bow money cctama. Mttk^tSa advices are New-York City only, and that they will findalMiOj nainnaitaat. Tbe Btamperingwithslaves.aiiaroi aaMtotimdMlandto ftii Aaeikan lOidster inminds of Southern false- men, by systematicjpatawaatTlegimaiir to viaitEDgland, are aUoofagainstRepnblican Party, just as itnouncement made from the Bench in many averagefortheweekbeing56shillings3pence years,thatpoliticalservicesshallnotsufficeIf Mr. taken the trouble to ascer- SPKBoaa hadtain the aeottaienta of Iridi-AiBericans of ISsw-Torii, he would find diat the great mijori^ of -M'totaatcHaer o/JAvMIah City Wuhk^tim,pacificimniwiliii ftvonUy.intentions. LetIke Fagitive Slave Bxtrwlitionhae» occupying «» attenOon of the Court oftCand meantima, the prisoner is strongly guarded to pre-^smwww.fultonhistory.comITatolkw iswhere American wheat is called 64 shillingsthla City, anmdainyeaes^ereofsaiaassnqiattysjrmpathy or support beyond its lim- And they can scarcely fail to see also viA of American vilBBteeia to the FMBch eqittaL that the effect of such a renewed declarationIMrtte peiftet wBB^PBiM to aeesnt the propoeed its. 4naag*meats fo an iovitMlkB, to be eztaoded to warCf^ with the very tliought of compromise, and gosuppressionCamanchesofwhatBepnbllcanParty, which was aiagtet by flie Coaventton * as much, by anexamination of thewhich case, hasMagr;Saturday,on thesubject of Diaaidon. The—the President—His apoBtheBTorth.accomplished the object he had in view,<ir-aHWM^dlHK tk» Wj la-!ailwiii fiiinlTinf Ian tHir tTtji""prnlw menengagedItf|b|9 M*M^ of importing, soen W«iem^M««,>MlM cdnehided bo Satnr;day,anddecUoowaareeerred. fotheBurrogale^ manyattheirboalneasTenureshave,oftate,Cwirt an opinion was rendered in the Chie will been brought to an 01 reanft ; ancf in view of abundant crops, and that we wen never bet- aantaMraaift, bat theease, which has been long pending, snstataUng the the conttnoMis tide of negro labor which ter able to meet even the etemeetwHI.In Stocks on Saturday the dealings opened tbese developmenU prove to be conatantly political disunion than at preaeniflowing towards the American continent firomand ssles of theBreadstuffs were limited. Prices of Flour weresquandered at fte flu* tabies of San Francisco and New-York. Thereare many men of the Mulligan class upon;nearlythe price paid for them in 8lave-imi>ortingCuba?continued sound credit, enlightened Uberal-asan f'.t'^eat rather firmer, and Com lower. A good inquiry prevailed for Cotton, Rice,Louisiana,wheretheywinfetch double This ofrational mtaaskThat Mr. Lareour arfll aet aa(W)«kir)-^rwo ix)"**" • gruegtatrys, New-Oneans Molasses, and Whiskyfuture lives we hope that this lesson'"'^''rflei.of; tlie a#'|iPlli'H.T*»lPwttMjSt*MfiMrniDM- latterwasdearer. UglitsaleaofProvisions,Fish, Coffee, Hemp, Hides, Hops,'Leatber, Metals, NavalA Basiaess—Cora md; orif Uatbir they persist in ttieir present courses, let them country, we have the aaenraiMe t£, 1 at least qualify themselves by learning to intimate friends. That he WIH be (,,.„M»ralMn«>rwmtdadeaappUaatiim. lOB OAUFOMIIA U pabli**< «» a- i( avvry Miil *>*mw. TUm, ! wi«w««i.sels of all classes inDisaalon ia New-York.We pnblish elsewhere m report of the pro- ceedings of a meeting held in this Cit^ onclothed,the spirit of modeiattoa aad tions, in all hia eaeevthfe aadiStores, Oils, Spices, Tallow, Teas, and TobaccoTiew of tke PoUtical Crisis Cottoa.werereported. HaywasinbetterThe freiglit engagementa were moderate, with 481 ves-port.write fordepartment attached to the State Prison at Sing Sing.jaatiea^aiwmaadmitted who had not received awere thus invited ; it wintliey were in the main higldy respect^le, and that their proceedings are entitled to aH tlie weight which their personal characters andyet more important element in theCaobaanoof invitation. We give a list of those whonever so in andmeetingstrictly piirate,onee before attempt, at least, to find some compeasatiiigmeetingwas not tomente of trade has been found in thehe actuated by the desire to stimulate the Southern Ultrsists to demandrupture of our Confederacy as either wrong ia principle or dangerous and calamitous in prac-fi|ipi^readilypolitiealills that be-promise which arecontained in his annual mee-request.come changes of the old world incur favor. Andthis calculation has been alreadybe seen thatgood against tlie aaxioasset this agitated land, in its supenbnndaat applies of food and raimentfflkirs.move-—natasMJ. acidxict. TMtk-«tr««t—Anu«' rsHB movement, declariDg with empliasis that itKBBtnm or rAnnsM ui> BtAntABT. is the natural issue of a \" justifiable discon-mRTOn OF ran AST8,Ka.aiBr(«dvar—Om- tent " on the part of the Southern States, and fairly reopened. The gloomy calculation that who were disposed to assume the administra-and frooiPwMMrifcould beCommittee consisting of Mr. Fill-Nor is the oflicial salesand from hishaveafter serious Oi-treatmentdmlagthe N|eaia Hlghaess. VpoB fniiitai eeemia^'aCde^iaedmany field-hands for her own which we have been led to refer, we have now tary acqnaintance with ronad-hai^only used to replace the Spanish-speaking of New-York as tiie common centre of thebe askedMoney and Excliange affaire were better, under the consumption f or are these captured Africans the assured position of the banldfig movement worth more to him than all theit sibly need soreflectedon the Stock Exchange, likely tobeappointed to proceed to the Southern money crisis on either side the Atlantic, theYankee," anddragged himguarantees Atheir secu-by the daily aggravatedbythateommonbug-bearofevery lodgedforrity.ifOBK, Judge BaOBSOxand K.Lathers, Esq.,depreciation,unoffendingwhichto-day then triumphed, and not only secure but not in conjunction, surely, with the other.may be,nothing in 'maywellThe world must be fed andwhat may of our political troubles. Thematerial means of thiscountry,inthepresent buIUon fromacts, weantperson being grain,specialtherefore,hasbeenties rejoice, to-day, in common witii the wholehasrefrain the fromtaerciaingcard in cotton. Let us,iEnglish response to our troubles from the loyalty to the Constitution, or to denounce a other side, received by the Europa. TUs has restored confidence to onr great and all-im- portant export resources. The ordinary facil- tice. On .the contrary, the Chairman of the ities to the exchanges with the Old World,which on twoofrttuuBT—JABTm' OouaonsM. insisting tliroughout his long and elaborate the mi|ls of Lancashire would be reduced tion of the laws. For several weeks past, it Vo. Mi Broadvar—Thi " Om- argument that the North is wholly and ex- to half-time, and our raw cotton at Liv- has been more than ordinarily hazardous for clusively responsible for the threatened dis- erpool brought down to almost half-price, and Northern people to breathe the air of the •Wiim'l Fm Siuni solution of the Confederacy. The general that the British Kingdom would make out South. In the provinces the danger is so well toneofallthespeecheswaspreciselythesame. to live o'n her light crop of indifferent appreciated, that the stranger consults his HKWS OF THS DAT. Not one of the q)eakers liad one syllable of grain, all in consequence of the political agi- safety by entire silence as to his local habita-country,•ad Xraalne—Sil QUDBIUV,WUkfadooB-tonorua ' mrnoHALIi—BoshuaDahouitcompelled by the indignant vdoeto surrender the power wliidi if Insabused. ThereareothernaaonaiaAa#a«ft> em States for thethe main cause of the "testagainstDisuniononpro- any broad grounds ofnews,thefirstbankers,onlyhave beenhad beeningreatPolicyDemaads theyevergetaeootioBlHB^ni^,ordinaryunfortunatelydividedproposition upon tbppositioncouplcfl with a timely andty, was taken by the associated banks of this City on the 21st of November, resting, in part, for its success, upon the turn of the ex-whosemay exert a wholesome influence. Let them liberaUty to his pineal efyaMala, daast cease to do evil while there is yet time without a precedent in the il^fteverified, as we have to-day the first return intiie milder discipline of the hospitalers wa<j afor the moment maintenance of this position, and this, alao,the aeceaaion ofSouthonlyStates, or by electioa inpublic, that New-York hassustained, through aage. It is incredible that he could beUeve ita trial whichbrought down the Banks of near-possible to e&ct aby which Slavery is to be made the fundamen-ly all the neighboring cities,- the credit highwhichwillenablehertofacilitateandconductthe commerce of the wholeeverwith honor to her own merchants andand with satisfaction to their most distant cor- respondents.The Crisis and Hob Law.The Mayors of New-Orleans and MobileConstitotion,vindicate literally arrested, positions, by issuing proclamations againstthirty days,both here and at New-Orleans, have been Vigilance Committees, and other volunteers,Pro-Slaveiy, and ready to buy Cuba, or con-quer Mexico, in order to extend the system, TisnaniK Stupls a _could not venture to incorporate this proposi- Electioh.—The Bepobiiean Party am iaJaNM tion of a Slave code for the territories in their to an astute English joamaUat for Cbeaoat platform of principles ; and that the Northern rational explanation which has yet been Mfaa delegation, rather than sanction a measure of their overwhelming success in the raeeat whichthey knewwouldoverwhehnthemwith national elections. The London Ckrmmek defeat at home, held out against it to the last, which, we beg onr readers to nn^i^-jt^ j^censure for the Disunion movement, or for any tation and threatened disruption of these tion. In the cities, where the presence of though the delegates from seven or eight not at all a comic pi^er, but on the eoatmy Tbe intdligenee bam the Federal Capital which of the States which are engaged in it AU United States, is found at fault. No such re- multitudes is usually secure shelter against Southern States seceded in a body. He was the most serious and stdetnn of nmeadaMe or- we pobliah this morning, will be itad with a great spoke with implied if not expressed approval sults have followed ; none are likely to follow, suspicion and molestation,caution has not been aware that this very issue caused the perma- gans, gravely advaiices the theory that Mr. deml of inteieat Our dispatches indicate that the of Secession, as a nacessary and rightful although it is proper to add that the worst has deemed so absolutely necessary ; and residents nent dissolution of the party ; tiiat the two LiHcoui's triumph is the natotal eoHeaaeaea fMliaiaf the late Secntary of State with the remedy Tor the evils which the North has probably not yet been heard ftom the English known to be of Northern origin have generally factions into which it was divided went into of the Prince of Walea' virit to flie Vatod^MiHnt, was not <iaite so eoidial as we were at inflicted upon the Southern States. It was money market. We have carefully canvassed continued their avocations as in quieter times. the Presidential canvass under different ban- States.^bcled to believe ;<-that, in fact, there was a se- not, therefore, to protest against Disunion,— the present accounts in their various bearing But since the present outbreak commenced, ners, and with opposing candidates ; that a The Paris correspondent of this BiUMc•gmA mlanndetatanding, which is to find ventila- to sustain the Constitution and the Federal upon American interests, and it affords us even these have been the objects of assault third candidate was before the people, who Luminary thus states the case :tiMl' through the jnefimn of a somewhat pungent authority, nor to insist upon the enforcement pleasure to believe that neither the North nor and violence. Any half-dozen ruffians, heated represented the Southern opposition ; that Mr.'It Is most giatl^ing to bear <^anMBdeBee, of which the first capter, emanat- -^ BMa QtOk. CAaa, has already been written.overwhelming whothe Free States by tbe least formidable of hiswe be-of the laws and the of the Union South is to be ruined, financially, preservationcans in this la a City attribute,the effectin its integrity, that ttiis meeting was held. Its vofour panic abroad, however distressing the politics, have time and again constituted majority^^ candidates. It was beUeved tkat r ~dinet from the Fort, which we publish elsewhere. They propose to remonstate with the South nal and prosperous Union must first be broken the election of the former gives no ground for Free States. slons of opinion. Along with itm MaeekssoeceaaoTOf Gen. Cass has been found mthe against the injustice of deserting those who to fragments, and repudiation take the dissolving the Union. So frequent had these With these facts before him, the President areactiao set in, and faeUags atfatagn erf Attcttney-Geneial Black, who entered place llsh feelings arose, so that itnpOB kis new dutiM on Satnrday, It is rumored have contended for their ri^ts so faithfully of public faith, under the shallow and disgrace- arrests become, that the choice seemed pre- has deliberately recommended the adoption of elusion to attribute Mr. Ijaeeursretarai,iMkflMR* BxA>M«, of Waahingtan, will succeed and so long in the Northern States. They fiil pretext that no one is responsible to our sented to the legal authorities either to aban- a Slave code for the Territories as a part of Slavery prindplet to tbe genial eleet (tedneed tr Vm MI<M iH^BRMj-Oenmalsh^. With regard to the propose to represent to them that if they will common creditors abroad, in revolutionary don their functions altogether, or to pronounce the Constitution ; and the conclusion is irre.^ Tlsltofttie Pilnee of Wales."aetioii of tlM Booae Special Committee, past and remain in the Union a little longer they can times, before any such alarm will be practical- distinctly and firmly against such usurpations. sistible that his only object must have been to As for the "enlightened Ameiieaaa'* to jiluMItl^l^advicesaresomewhatcontra^tory. undoubtedlyreversetheactionofthelate lymanifested.Oneofthesecontingeacies,as Indoingso,theydeclarethathoweverserious addtotheexcitement,andincreasethede- whomtheautiiorofthissurprisingooBaBiaai^nowof Kaj. AjnilB80v, tho officer wasascribed to theseThat this reinforcement is States and proffer the guarantees which they precipitate return of Ajnericaa Securities from abuse of free speech, by expressing a desire States. All told, there was not one vote inon the and virassubject, }t fimded flat tts 1lyBBuifii, no one can doobt who reads the advices were anthorixed to tender. Europe. In the present case, our once frater- to vole for Lincolk or Bkll, or a belief that fifty polled for the SUve code candidates in the Usb people meddled too openly wlft Uaat ioverthrow the ia Mswrted, on the one hand, that Bevben election,—thethere ismands of the South. There is no other ex- cation attributes the merit of histo alienate tlie South from the challenge coming Republican Administration, and then vestments, says the same authority, of Eng- Atherton Gag unquestionably aroused North- North, and to make reconcf'iation impossible ;in Disunion. If their promised attempt delay the rise of Exchange on this side. ened to destroy the equilibrium of the Free made the dishonorable capitulatiOii of his ownChair of State, is a flight of politica]absiirdltyshould fail, they have nothing further to say But tbe more important facts relate to and Slave States. The immense popular vote section, to the arrogant demands of the Dis- so bold and high as fairly to arrest a raoment'aAmerican cotton Ad The Manchester grain.mills were notsuccessful. We are profoundly and sincerely spinners, according to the market report of the repressive policy.uaionists and Slave-traders of Souththeadmiring attention, even in the midst of oar ac-the movement.Now we trust that the appeal may provefor Lincoln it is needless to is,asay, perfectlyaggressive andCarolina, tual excitements. We shall nowagainstonly possible condition of peace.But is it not a strange state of things in When, therefore, a mob—whether led which the successful party is called upon to and if the South are willing to yield it on any apprehending that the political trouble in the by gentlemen or by United States officials make compromises before it is clothed wititanxiousforapostponementofDisunion— ;Guardian, were asking higher prices for yarns,may hadinthedefeatoftheFusionTicket,andthewe shall not stop to examine too closely its validity. We could urge delay oninterposes to silence fanaticism by vio-and before it hasmeas- Wedailyhearpretext,proposed anystronger groundspresentedthe Republican Party ?onlythe Congress Into this Union as a StateU tii;presentder, which the South has set theexampleoflicans do topacifythe South ?—the trade in England by the 15th of theto lower prices for cotton in Liverpool, may as well the magistracy to estimate how little they are licans done to the South ?we leave theself. There is one danger, however, to which be dismissed for the present the more so as contributing toThusby they have merely elected a President, by aeffect :speak for it- the parties concerned must excuse us for al-therefore,appealenragetheNorth, andgreat,in the Autumn as season,reportedpraiseworthy, and, indeed,only possibleiiaignl Ihasls.—oughly and exclusively a party movement. Itvalues of goods and yarns figure for no less a tween the North and the South. The display what would not do. While they;sad utmeeting was a party meeting, the appeal istheytooktke CongTttf, nor thepeopU <f « TtiiUmttittrimt thka —the whole movement is thor-sumthan twenty million of dollars, or £4,023,- of wanton ruffianism and violence, in the ground in common with Clat and Wassna territorial eomtitum, rtsU, Iigitlfm sr sttoiMr, tjr000 sterUng against .£3,514,000 the same presence of events of such solemn gravity, against the extension of Slavery into the ter- annul or in^aiT right* «f ft^futf notgmati ijr Acparty appeal,—ence of the Union subordinate and subservientmonth last year.British manufacturing labor was equallywill do no credit to either section." Oca Ruling Class " in Nfed oi" Tctobs.lam of say •/'iJU Statu."The Atlas enters into a long argument toshow that the Democratic Party, in spite of itsdeceive themselves to the same extent Theywar upon their institution of Slavery, by un- constitutional legislation, by violence, and by.•verylittletheis ecming into power, will disgust it utterly•l, Bailed at noon on Mtniday fat Qoeens- far to eonvbice the great body of the people and thethequarter.disabuse the Southernmind—ifthey reaQy them are opposed to "secession," lebdUon," or destruc-mm Mntmm, Ovpt. Bai.a>8, for Boathaavtonad Hmitwib with Vt paaaeagera. new^uaeofthecont^ poaaessionthe oftheUnion—^letthen tionoftheUnion. Theyhaveswanallegianceto against peace pub-Oarlatestadvices from Bew-Mezicomat ttM Indian troubles on the plains are assuming » vetT setieos agpect. Almost every mail party to «d #em Santa F« is attacked by theor aama other equally hostile tribe.represent office.in disunion, everyest for the ofportmovementoftheNew-Yorkmarket.But citizens,orofficersinthedischargeoftheir lishina4hecolumnsofeverynewsp^ierover theUttittdStates and,asinthedaysofOen. ;Arom no want of English demand. Stul Axothxb Slavix Capti7»d.—Let- fixed for nearly a year to come.That isduty. which they have coatnd, the fcdiowing extraetIt is worthy of note that Muluoar, who has from the National liatfoim of theJaoksoh, wiU resolutely opfoeesh^w and form. Mr. 8f«»Ckb could have l"'^'"only workingfulltime, butthe cause of conciliation thescaleofthemonthlyexportofcottongoods sanctioningtheseimpoliticproceedings.AThe Congress may establish tm tke govoniaseti;normal reaction from the sameawait with "Bvaa aa to the share which the Japanese Ball havereduce the supplies ofthis apprehension will have been realized by by an exhibition of a disloyalty to law and or- theritories, which they wish to dedicate to thefree labor of the North and tlie South, they ex-;try their rliances of coming into power. They quality of English grown food, for the sup- it will be seen that William Mulligan has at and, so far from it, they gave a pledge in ad- accede to this, and that a pwtion of the Re-aims at party objects,and makes the exist-to party ends. These gentlemen askthe Soutliwellemployedin other branches oftrade,disclaimed any or wish to pressly power, any—to postpone Secession until they can once more while the reduced yield and indifferent From a report published in another colunm, meddle with the institutions of the States disruption on this point ia Charlesion, mighthav—e not one word to of the ofsay duty loyal-ply of this labor, demanded an importation, forlength been brought to realize that tbe way ofvance to the States invasion, protect againstpublicans would probably do likewise.Am UsrouKDXD Chaboi.—The New-YoAthestand by the Constitution and obey the laws. fifteen millious of dollars, of which forty per however tardy in their operation, are terrible has been the policy of Southern demagogues,ty, the solemn obligation of every citizen tothe month, of to the value of foreign grain,transgressor is hard, and that the laws,or interference with their domestic affairs. Itthe South may put faith in the fessed ability of these gentlemen to do whatThe is entirely fiiisa. chargeresentaUvea of the recent retecontinued demand forforeigncereals, been accustomed for so many years to liveat the where it wi Uf believe, placeTl T T 1 sairtaaaiaaTV the BtUor qf the Aat-TMb Bam Thefollowingiaaaextraettornaletterof—ded as rep- —Northernsentiment infaceoforwithdoubt were before entertained of the habits of this fierce human animal, who has lecturers and In tiiis thethequality^ it is removed by the present and other with every enjoyment of the grosser senses recentarrivals,iaproofofwhichwemightquote perhapsasatributepaidbytheworldtohis unlawful"while the supplies of English continue infe-nnwhip- leas ctUI demagogues nowthe President gtr atA(»<<««.and sustain wfflAghtteowof sale at a further reduction in price," theof hia iftheyreallydesiretoters received at Salem, Maaaachnsetts, an- In view of these a4,Tiees, and the eSbci lived so long in all tlie affluenceia^ c"*"^*^nonnee tbat aBotlteT alaver, with 846 aegioes whtcti, in connection with the first receipts of called " sporting life," should have so far at in Chicago,which the«mn, represent^"^on board, has been ctqttmed near Ibmn-past, was on Saturday brought to a close. The bique, by tt>aiMlrt atewT Britk. Thede- OB 001 Com Exchange—equal to an average ing a severer fete than might:<tmen's Bench at Toronto, Canada, for some daysOoart decided to give up the fugitive to the 0nited liiniaent reasel is named the' Sunny South, leeorery in prices of ten per cent.wehope.mA fise tlie planting and farming in-Slavery, or the wrongs Antk. That ter-maWabance iavhdate of the countenance a**'~.?^"*!SiS2^''^ tmmadiataW, asaW the neatest excitementUtat oarwrite. Hisenough with the prison aathoritieo to aecarehowever, waemadeotherwise have—and in the been allotted to him, through Iiis inability to rlghtaafttsllalSi, Oid uptdMt the right of tackfrienda bad inflnence auutm —dtmUa»m^tliUowH*meaticmttitution»,which has them.naturali»d,«ifi«><='"*^^^»J^ ,^|was, of coone, deeredftom thisCity,Cotton tlaaars^Q^rket,tradingpolitiealgeld from the other side, haa already followeddespised the peaceful aita asto be now soffor-iL bym. Wh«ate»ver ma«y theandsome months age, for Havana, where [theusual pretended sale to a Spaniard was ooiB- (eresla, Kaift and Santh, will feel encouraged Ills employment in tlie hosidtal; but the pastvast > rescue.LitheBupfriorCourtatSpecialTerm,beforepleted.Verily,however,therewouldseeiji lostbyourpcalpreparedfurhisreceptionreytiiedsomo«(ttl«w'««tnvo»»»n6ymrmti/orccofthetobeVevetkii'rili>.9otiUnttitledDooenlcumitand the ruling classesrenown of our City.C. C." I liear ttleaOtiesof weapoftleiatingonr export trade, and to of book-keepingthe discussion of bad LnrcoLN beat them all whisky and worsetm Bbeckinbidgi,gnat ijrigiili. thfas- ceu of the Asti-Slaveiy candidate to the aiiiallMlbyspecific object was f o prevail upon the South- confidence and sacrifice of values may themselves a "Vigilance Committee," and alone was in favor of a Slave code for the Ter- They point attention to the £tct that OedHllmwaaseriously threatened, may possibly occur,of the ultra-Soutliem stamp, upon which the repeal of all the laws in the North In no possible political event, even that worst lished guarantees of social order. inconsistent with the idea of his possessing a the invention of his own exceediag iBwIiii^.inlands to Introduce a —partypolitical it towekawflliiuiatonatestvote,andagainstwhichtheBapubUtaumembersoftheCommitteewillvotein; the Southern members will all abody whereupon.l^tlftOMf and the Committee will be bro-'ftia m/wifiKnit eflectinghe is notcognitionofpropertyin slaves, intheTerri- terestonOurpublicsecurities; theprincipal emulottsofitsenemiesattheSouth,haveun- outofhismanhoodbytheclamoroftheDisun- descendantofthatcelebratedKentishfonaer^anything.who denthat some will arrangementSouth has contended so is not less long. Tllby assure'iMtetotr to everybody. Under tliesecircnmstances, lM>jnWb^ beat to await the develi^ments of tiaoe. UeanwtiiJe caucuses appear to l>e tlie orderment lias already set in,—that one clergymanpossible conditions of peace. cases is too identical not to have come vt onegrow, and actiieve that full and complete re- temporary suspension of the payment of in- be serviceable. Friends of the Union here, become imbecile with age, or been frightened tories as well as in the States, for which the will never be repudiated. And this assurance dertaken to display their zeal in acts of illegal ionists, we are bound to conclude that he hasa Greatproved to Sir Matthtw Hals that Teatar-motives for a blood, for genius of this sort passes by iidteri- of the day. The delegatirai from this State, with- favor of Slaverj'—that Boston has elected a fore, how the NewLYork market may be sud- history of the Abolition movement has so well line of conduct which cannot be explained on tance, like the heavy underlip of the Hspa-has since the electionout tagatd to politics, met last night at the room conservative Mayor, and that the prospect of denly precipitated into alarm and panic, as demonstrated, that any warfare against a fa- any principles of honor or patriotism and burgs.what thehighest encouragementpresent Itr. Bstbolds, elected as an Aati-Le- the North to such an extent that they will State, as by the dismissal of a Foreign Minis- and assurance of triumph. The experience of in which the desire to be revenged for defeatwl Democrat, offiared fc resolution affirming readily retrace their steps and do "justice" to llWon 'teost and shall be preserved," and their Southern brethren.pertisteat fury with which, for many years, onr poyolardmost Xhe unanimously.Intheof theGakrisos in 1835-7of ma-preachedasermon iathisinstance,astheyliaverepeatedly seen be-publicforgetting,attempttoassignof JOBK COCBBASI, to deliberate upon the course Disunion has alarmed the of well the threatened secession of a natical cause is its prt^r to pursue in the future. Nearly all were already people by single;held theirf^daf. ^idSeations of a strong Union movement persuade the South to postpone Secession, scrip good $50 eighty paid, while we right petitionbegot andoffreePennsylvania »Ohiodelegationswillholdcaucusesto-short,objectmeetingIllinoishighdiscussion by officii position, and an opportune moment we the world to match:upon was to LondonJ Hew-Toik to its support, which was"Vto, among the Southern members of Congress, until they can try, first, to paralyze the in- are throwing it overboard at |35. Fresh in- John Qcincy Adams in 1840-41 and the could ;flag ; Daili/ News, theythe defeat of a Tariff to the overthrow sonry,totheinfluenceofBritishgold. Botas for onthe ofbut, accordingcountry. say the vindication of President has done all that hishome, him in the«^ lai^todewHk than that cast for Mr. Lincolh in the Slave the indifference manifested towards tta A y nmm%Guard-heuse. Thecrimes prisoners are chiefly thelieve that his vote in these States was less known that of 'r.^ jealousyjf^^Acrisisauthorize the suspension of the estab- planationbiillia«t di»-they are katwhichoffendtheSouth,butrepealalsothat andbloodiestofcedamities,civUwar,havewe Totbeauthoritiesoftwoorthreecitiesat commonshareofunderstanding,orwithhis Nonebutiiimselfcanhavehiti^aathem- obnoxiouspublicsentimentoutofwliichithey reasontoapprehendanythingmorethanthe theNorththeexamplethuspresentedmight beingafreeagent. IfthePresidenthasnot toundingthouglit,anditisplainenoi^thatthethe South that " a reaction" in public senti- holders of our Stocks, than by the honest sen- better reason than that it is ill-timed, inju- of disunion by encouraging it to demand im- Goodwin Sands. The reasoning in tiie twosensibly appreciated bytiment of our people. They already see, insilencingdicious and discordant with the actual tone offoreignsentiment; andWe will notwhich could fixim a nature We have been a good deal laughed at byonly proceedter, or a supposed outrage on the high seas Massachusetts should certainly teach Boston and disgrace, overrides all thoughts of duty toour transatlantic cousins for thethe Americanto the a lesson upon this point The contest with the It is sufficient to that the orators ascribed every political change fromtheirfrom the Admidistration Charleston, April last, though thoroughly in the Northern States.press andfiudter to ftia iaaOaHU of "thechangetal law for all the territories of thecountry, how- and in urging such aby political lines, tention of Congress and theing, nothingpeity vMeh teakMsaa ha»-heo» afthSfgifiaat- conldwhat he knew would never be conceded, andthus to increase the difficulty of harmonizing the country. He vras aware that the Demo-craticbyand that Mr.payingadomiciliaryvisittosomeneighboring ritories,wasliterallydistancedintheracein decidedbytheStateofNew-TcM,wUsfe«as^eri- Constitutional;iiinail—aaithewell-advisedcircularofMessrs.Babirg, highposition"the quarter for white and 60 shillings for red, should be a warning to the many hundreds of hood and of these match- lieiie we cm uMg rtte apes andk mtttrM tUfnmOfcoursewemustlookforlow- toscreentheguiltyfrompunishment,norbethem,er for onr own grain, in figuresheld to justify the professional ruffian in theuse of weapons against the lives of peacefulto the heavy foil and recent difficulties in the ex-desperate "amongst His fateHaving created this misapprehension in thehis class who still roam our streetsriorinqualityandcondition,andaredifficult ppdofjustice.Itisthefirstpositivean-electtorefotetheirownfabrications,andtorlghta.Ifttfinallyeosseatothat."afford,ttiis presrat revelation, in ail the speeches of all Ute Po-;effect produced by the visit of thePrlaeeefWalaikcompetitors. So far asofhis conduct which would not becovery,arepersuadedOatpower,question repeated Whatupon give to the South an assurance(tqrbyin theascertained,•lection contests New-ToA wateieil ami; IIfar,majority. They declared the having a population equal to theIt clause er leaoMiaB orOe seriesbeof i_h-e South, theyto that hdaao*' the dr power en wtiiBhperfectionand m<-Hon. EdwanlEvej^^"^S^SSJirtSS:laat 'is the fourth journals,t^onOf.eur poUttcsl tthtlc depend!oad;fact that a blont^ with pride and arrogaaoe,onlyBriton, bnt a directsome interest the views of Simxs" TeiritorjesoftheUnitedStatesCourier states that the Tikks publishes letters porportiag toSPK9CU,publMiedkfldsmomiag'sTiiaff:Av * the truth, *cn,aa4«9cml&/taintl« iVML Tixthtu tkenig-I* aaatteovttoooaeeas,/**-l'*^eo-f vriU not o«veTM>e„t. ff^""TM"!^ mid protectedl^rJ'^opJm^ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 