 FhI•zoconquer tho JRocoagna and the Duchies, if not the French changes!of tariff will not'be completelyXombardy, Thishopeisprmcip&ny founded upon carriedoutbefore October, 1861, as will beseen ceptlorgreatpartyobjects?Inthesecondinstance, agreedtoand ratified notimewillbelostinbringingthe regard with which the Austrian Embassador, f from the following| statement, borrowed from a was it not notorious that the constitutional practice, in a' bill to obtain the object which my honorable Apropds of agriculture, at any rate not so mal- drama, of which the reactionary party in Florence•.uFrenchgodfathers,while,onthe partof England,the same function was performed by Lord Cowleythree months," asLord Greysays,*'the British "portsandarsenalsresoundedwiththedinof "preparation, and measures were taken for dis-000. Thevalue ofimported andexported mer- confronts all the dangers of such usurpation; But, Lille is discontent, Bordeaux i« delighted: if the chandise in 1857 was 1,923,000,000; in 1858 it wasIs41tive of the national idea of an united, free, and in- beenturnedintothemaineconomicalpillarsofthe reference to the Persian war, had indig- "takesoftheladies ofGovernment." Hecould gotothewall. Ourmerchantsandwine-growers intheMarchesandUmbria,thenextoutsiderow dependentltalv,hadbutonecourseopentohim,to secondEmpire. BattoreturntoMr.Chevalier's nantlyexclaimed: "Iwillsay,withoutfearof notquiteconcurinLordGrey'scpmplaintthat willgainmorethanthefabricantslose. Besides, totheRomagna. Thereaction,also,issaidtobe resign. ThelateMinistrycouldneverhopetobe••crashedpersonage"himselfwas socondescending the various free-trade organs. But, what is not.jorycouldbringinaverdictotherthan"Founddead," indeedispromisedfortherestorationofCathedrals whichwastheresult that was eventuallyarrivedat. and for the encouragement of sciences and fineholdofanothertrapezeswinginglooseintheneigh-boring air, and sweeps on to his landing-place onthe side of the house opposite his starting place, whipsabout,facesandbowsto»theaudiencejwho ioteJl>gfince^^nearthait thereupon applaud as though he were the concen-•jni*edwithsand.Here,occ -seventy-five yards along^its n1.tionoftheHouse ofCommons—the newHouse, although elected under h's own auspices, was never called upon to cashier the sentence passed by itstransactionsatShanghaetoproceedintheir usual course. The very iact of his having broken, in re- gard t o the Chinese, through all the legitimate inter- national forms of war, Palmerston pleads as a reasonasawhole,meettheapprobationofthepeopleasa whole. Hiseconomicalpolicymaybewrong;itis calulated skillfully t o appear right t o the great mass of Freschmen who are not enlisted by direct inter-favor ofthetreasury,asithasbeensince1855,in- clusive,andasitneverhasbeenforanequallength of time befoue, under king, republic, o r emperor— with or without help of w ar loans. The last w arnorBenvenuti,formerlyamember ofthe Guardia Noible,orGrandDuke'sBodyGuard. TheGovern- ment had received notice some days before from the" Campanaro," or keeper of the Great Bell of the ICathedral, that an attempt was contemplated. Thisman had accepted their hundred "lire," to soundthe "stormo," or tocsin, which in thedaysofalmost ail in a state of.nudity eome totheir waustein'.hi bufeilyintheexcitingpursuit visiting the spot. I may rem] ough conviction that the jwroid much was the contents of son river years ago, but a v^Tf modus operandi of extniciii 3- ofthewaehings, convinces.wouldnotgreatlyeffecttheEmperor's homenor similarorigin;in1859,theamountofpurchasesof foreign policy. In both cases he is carry- this sort surpassed the amount of sales by 146,500,-Iritthtgold. . The labor of wanUibg in tl•corchingsun,d»dnotappear t>yanjmeansbvth«pnxeo•Tbe resignation of the Ratazzi-Dabormida Min-istry and the return of Cavour to power is receivedwith the utmost enthusiasm. To an Italian, Cavour If be worked,with any care.-revolutionist,butalwaysajpatriot.Eventhecontinu- £310/,buttheFrenchdutyonironwillamountto theday,sinceneverbeforehad he been punished rersofLilJo,Eoubaix,Rouen,andotherindustrial documentsathand,tellsustbattheyoungmanwho would be fully recognized from theThrone,and longer retain endeavor byalreproductionoftheAnb-Austriancorrespondencenearlyanother£3.That.the30percentadvalo-forsimilar"wholesome"innovations?Infact,centers.Theobjectofitistoprotestagainstthatthoughthimselfpoorinthereceiptof6,000annualthatthecannonfromthe"fortezzadabasso" accordancewithth§spiritofromllungaryintheFrenchpapers,showssufficient- remdutyonprohibitedarticleswillbevirtually theDukeofNewcastleseemedratherindulgentin partoftheImperialprogrammethatrelatestore- francs,hadarevenue5,900francslargerthanthe.inightatanymomentconveythelong-hoped-forsthatwhichhaSnotyetsiipplythatthespiritofFrenchpolicyremainsashostileprotectiveisconcededbyTheLortdonEconomist.notaccusingLordGreyofrebellionforhisductionofprohibitorytomoderatedutiesonwoolensaverageyearlyexpensesoftheinhabitantsofintelligence'.Itwasnot,therefore,veryunnatural :•How-^happilydidtheImp<%•fAND ENGLAND. Ttto an Occasional Corre«pond«nt.t LOJUXMf, Jan.28,1860.Thecommercialtreaty withFrance willnotbe-communicated t o the House o f Commons before t h ewar, undertaken on the arbitrary behest of Lord expeditions, but there was no War, since warhad againsthisCabinet, andthento aforcibledissolu-^r^sgHBHBHBWSB^/^Vl-^c^!^>I^^I^^^T^''._-*.--*-••LONDON, Friday, J**. 27, Uprocify 'stand-point^ seems' a rather*Iu&cTousji&r^ xangement; and, lastly, if the political aims andpurposes the treaty is destined to screen be dulyWeighed, people might feel inclined to pity M r.RichardCobden-astnemnocen|vietimofaJPalmer-stonianmaehmatien. Yetthewisanothersidetothe medal. M r . Cobden, a s is generally»kriown,did once receive, infexchange for bis Anti-Corn law^ in both Houses, only one man mustered courageEngu^h/fo^ceS'in^the^muo.'^; •#;>'; &%(•%&% ': «$Ffotestaata seem to^me toore'adteted than injured.Jss ,W..'•«^e«et*a»oftheCommercialtreatybetweenWhatever ehanges^are made y^fll bemade cautious- > :IW3PUNITT ON AMERICAN VESSELS.: ! <*$^lW$&>***X*TM» tout puWfoattention,from •ft** ^dTetlker topie*. Even the Reform and Rifle corps movement have lost theirinterest. They are looked *poo as being placed beyond any farther danger, >?%HtaiwaFhe $e«ftwith without excitement jnthe ^^pijjrfipnae^hto manner. I need not aay that"and- if he -#? 4K- J&apeJeon isnow again the **great ally,jbeiflgcensured;bytheParliament,heundertakes another Chinese war in spite of .Parliaments;. Still,fairswhatmeasureshadbeenadoptedwith^regardto onAmericoh,likemyself,who"hattihadlosses" the add;esspresented to her Majesty cn&'the2dof Au- by sudden cutting down of tariffs in past times. If gust, 1859; by this' House, praying her Majes^ toenterinto negotiations/ with tbe United States'of America;; tee spinners, and weavers, and iron-workers could for thepurpoje of preventing the assaults arid cruelties have had fifty years of all the protection and then committed on merchant seamen in American vessels; three o r four years to turn round in arid prepare and called the attentionV'bf t h e House to some recent for a change.' :fthatitislemved t o p oa n d t h e find n o w *m£ their hopes o f I ^ r d Palmerston's overthrow the Pope's Irish Brass Band a t Westminster <** were founded upon a wrong estunate of the Parlia- mentaryIbfces. Everybody expects,withthe greatest avidity, M r . Gladstone's financial state- . stent, which is to be of a comprehensive character, *»,«Jooking to the future aswell astothe immediate*&trader the most auspicious circumstances, ^XRfeamontanfcts in Ireland a n d Austria•fc->..••>groatsisalreadydwen emigration from thiso^h -*•"' numbers thaa ev<lions adopted by the posi. ^untry, fearful of Austri fo> tbo standard« of the ai aunibers already amountj£ is saidV I know not wi •ft t o r e c e i v e t h e p o r t f o l i o jfmin, and that hisp'.a Forces of the League is' Nothing can exceed thexanks : and classes to posture o f defense; tl |g^ already a t work, have several adduioi cannon. The Town of the ancient bell of the a 12,000 pounds. Never, the Revolution, have m a go much spirit and en^r:7year there was a lack' stapes thefuture toitsw tion could have taken j ^jms, b u t Central Italy ki <ifFrance taking-co activiit would be of advantage if the negotiations were con- is very possibly as good a one as could be devised for a dollar one can make five visits to the gallery, nothing to hope bat to ea ducted in this country with some lawyer of experiencewants of the Administration. On the Continent, Xewever^'there is another onestion of^eater im- portance than the English budget, which occupies people's mit da, viz: Whether there is t o be a war against Austria this year, o r not. TheAustrians themselves have great misgivings, since they have at last found out that the Archdukes were sold a t Villafranca, in spite of the reservation of their rights a t Zurich. Francis Joseph, personally inclined t ogoes-the' round very " feelingly." There is nodoubt that if Disraeli, for instance, had introducedto the Commons su<& a treaty, Mr. Cobden at theheadofthefree-traderswouldhaverisentomovefora vote of non-confidence in a Cabinet attempting tocarry the legislation back t o t h e darkest fallacies having been given t o Parliament,! a n d the lattertrated army of Italy come down the Boulevards. On the Boulevard des Italiens is a remiarkabla collection of paintings of cotemporary French art- ists. Hardlyoneofthemissolowaspretty,or pretty good, unless you except the Meissoniers,of tbat that blame was very unjust, for they really had more than half of the women cannot read and which there are half a dozen of tho artist's best;^ the4>resent moment c $0Verona, and from V considerable forces arc 0 y^orasserts,' that the\tf^:'toecome; a friend of Napoleon, did not suspect * 1ateachery*ffbr a longtime. H i s army went quietly V- j£-*way' from Italy, the horses of the artillery \ were advertised for sale, the conscription of recruits, for 1860 w a s suspended, muchthe disgrace of this state of things even more than w e over a million dollars. not beautiful ? The. collection is peculiarly^ rich in did; and he hoped, therefore, tbat an alteration would•#*ithe hour wheri eveiy Florentine thinks it his duty the former seems^disposed . The politico-economical questions raised by the translation in the columns of T H E TRIBUNE. 'Government, the Marchesv.Oil, chemicalthe placid equanimity of tae Austrian Cabinet. B u t Paper-Hangings-....(• * « ' >„ . . , — -. A. - .>»ll'll(IJl/^WM»l>• yw — *w»>tfwgy«MM......6STATE OF EUBOFfe 'if that the present treaty, even judged, from the re«r strength of ministerial'irresponsibility, wielding theto the comfort of the officials in Hungary, whoknew that it would have led to bloody collisions, andBaron Bruck, the unlucky Minister of Finance,drew trp a peace budget after**he had received the »••••••••a diecue»ion ox*the affairs of•Italy. [Hear, hear.] But Public Works, to the Emperor, in response to one d'auvres. Any description I could give off them Spaniards on the north-west coast of Amer- of the demands of hisrecent letter. From the time would be neither more interesting nor more photo-\«tder of the Emperor that the deficiency shouldieease t o disfigure the Austrian estimates. Even the Gloves. publication of the famous pamphlet could not disturb Musical Instrument*.1826, when, the "daughter of Hon>edro applied to England for assistance against Ferdinand VII. of Spain, who intended an invasion of Portugal to'the benefit of Don Miguel, Canning brought down a similar message notifying to Parliament the nature' of the case and the amount of expenditure likely to be incurred. In conclusion Lord Grey broadly in- timated that the ministry had dared to raise taxes upon the country without the concurrence of Par- liament, since the large expenditure already incur-Eected at Leghorn. I have certainly no reasonto be- What they allamounted to may be inferred from into unsatisfactory fiuffiness and mere Corre-eve tbat the French Government has any intention thefact, of which the three Ministers assure us, gioeity of Corregio." But there are some circum-of taking any such step for the purpose of preventingthe annexation of the provinces of Central Italy to that the sum of lands owned by the Communes to- stances of this admirable exhibition that-.oan be^ a l e w s k i ' s dismissal and Count Cavour's accession Platting of Stiaw, fir hats, iicSardinia. On the contrary, I consider the statement is you will recollect, equals two and a half acres, at all. The exhibition is made up of contributions highly improbable. fH*ar, hear.] M y honorable'"jM^I,^/ t o office created a t once a revulsion. Francis Jo- Brandy and other 8p iris*'•••friend (Mr. M. Milne*) has asked me a question upon nearly. Of this immense surface-ralmost one from the collections of a few amateurs. In recom- a subject of great interett and importance, with re- eleventh of the superficies of the whole country—con- pense for this temporary contribution of theiij'treas- gard to which he brbngbt forward an addrees last siderably more than one-half is under no cultivation ures, they receive the satisfaction of contributing year, and it was adoptedl>y th's House. Immediately whatever, and yields a revenue of less than 3 francs permanently and largely to the funds of an jartists' communicated with m y right honorable friend, the per hectare. The plan which Ministers propose for benevolent society, for whose benefit the entranceseph, believes now firmly that his plans as to theT e a14,358 •••••••»•• 62,6i)5Catholic League will be cut short by Cavour, who Tobacco.....is t o attack Venetia in Spring. Rifled cannon are Wa*cb«ssuccess, some £60,000 sterling on the part of jthe grateful manufacturing interest. Mr. Cobden tin- vested the principal in American shares, a n d , con- sequent upon t h e crisis o f 1857, lost almost every- thing. T h e hopes h e still cherished when set-occurrences ofthatnature He'said that very soonafter There is one feature in or rather out of the pro-He proposed an. amendment to tfy address in an- the adoption of the address, afaUornamedAntonio gramme which has been remarked upon here, and large circus holding on to a trapeze (trapezjo is cuvmake the infraction of tl f^j.'^-that.the reply w a ^Howill nor the means to in Italy—that if Franc*visit London, would be greeted even more ting out on his voyage to the United States,swer to ihe Queen's speech to the purport that the expedition ought not to have been entered upon be- fore the sense of both Houses,' of Parliament W8st,aken. '• .|iThe manner in which Lordj Grey's amend- ment v«as met, both by the;;,spokesman- ofbad oied in the hospital at Liverpool, after injuries re- openly, with protest, b y m e n whose thoughts a r e ceived o n board an - American vessel. A solicitor a t -tendedtbeinquestonbehalfoftheGovernmentofthe not all tangledup with woollen and cotton yarn.UnitedStates,anddeniedtbejurisdictionoftheCourt,.allf ging that no one but Americans had anything to do by life extent a n d completeness of its announced wi»h the affair,; If, indeed,. the m an had been killed, reforms, deals with purely material developementJ on board the vessel, it would have been a case of mur- It says nothing of the famous liberty-wreath withcus Greek for what we boys used t o call I swint around stick the size of a hoe-handle beingj ^ place of the sitting-board), and atone gra^d-wavo surges through tbe a i r half way across thejarena< there, a t the hight o f thirty o r forty feet from S ground, turns a somersault or two, lets go''trapeze, takes a fresh start On nothing, makes a voltefacelegitimate sovereigns, A1 Entering a, .protest ag; Caused very general satnnd populations of Cenj^vcr, the telegraph ha*. "aBijouncetoent, from thy ^ T h e assertion in Th>AeartiJy than during the Crimean campaign. Italy "#>»£ 5 ^3blikewisebelievedtobosafe. Parliamentmatproved delusory. M r . Cobden returned to Eng- land a mined man.«Toappealtoanar tional subscription some national pretext was wanted, sonde transaction that might'be puffed, and;. again exhibit Mr. Cobden •in the light of the guardian angel of the. United King- dom, "securing plenty and comfort to millions of lowlyhouseholds." Well,theAnglo-Frenchtreaty did the thing, and, a s you will see, from the provin- cial papers, a new subscription to the amount of £40,000, intended to compensate the great free-trade; apostle forhis American losses, alreadyThis programme, which acquires a sort of grandeur;of the unenlightened past.From the followibg tables .the number of protective duties levieo during the year 1858 by En-no altexnat ve; as the law stood between the two coun-,for is Meissonier's microscopically best a productgland on French articles may be inferred:ArticUuDaty.tylOj1.6713,928 4.311 19.984be epeedny_made. [Hear, hear.l - ; ' On the,agricultural side, the programme is better.\ the works of the colorists, Decamps, IpeTaeroix, vH6w much the country standi m need of reform in Diaz, Jules Dtiprez, Couture, and others. None Lord J. KUSSELL—With respect to the question put, this respect strikingly appears in a report addressed of them are inferior; some of them—more- thanBa«k«te.Bnttex..>.-»•••••« ChinaaixdForcealuWare. • • • « • • • • * • « Clock*F-mbroidery Flower*, artificial20,412 7,347 . 1,858 8,88343,8394,659. 2,869 6,713 11,622824,9,0 •in the statement which he has seen in a French news- ments have vainly devised laws and measures for sieur Leotard to paper. Indeed, word cepies of tomeettheprobableexpenses. AgaininDecember paper,totheeffectthat30,000Frenchtroopsareex- bringingintoculturethewastecommunallands. paintings,evenbytheablesthands,areap;5tofallBoots, Shoes, acd other Leather Manufactures..••••••* •••«••••••• ••*•*>••••**•••••#••• >*»•••••ica, Pitt brought down to both (Houses a mes- with respectto the questions which he; has asked, I5,572 sage from the Crown calling fori vote of credit will only 8&y/,tbat I do not believe there is any truth of Henry IV. down to 1857, the successive Govern- graphic than the effort just made to transfer Mon-enforced, and that the sale*of the French Govern- placed by protective duties ad valorem for five j ears, and not during the course of thirty years. Why,,then, exceeding 25percent afterward.attention this week in successful rivalry with thethat there is a real Ploermel, a town]and canton of merry, good-humored Tuscan crowd, who are'never •the Romagna, and to r<-sti Holy^ee to-the single City*#'• ! irights ol,'Parliament against the Crown, the ;;prerogatives of;the^€r6wn againBt Parliameirt andAdmiral Hope for having soh gloriously buried |the there is. a-general? moderate satisfaction with til mograxvnieJ As &^said tlast week; the industrial,j«+^.~~*#<*>>*»<~~"- :••idea, and bis recall is t\ tionofItalyisnolongcdbHc opinion hojrdeclarenough to make a 'stand against Ithis mmisteriul usurpation; and, curiously to say, that^ one man be- longing not t o t h e popular, but t<j the aristocratic branch of tl-ie Legislature. The min is Lord Grey.last tocarry thisideatut A few dayssince TheriOsivv Accordingly sent to Verona, the garrisons of Venetia Wire.. ••.«••••••••^« a r e reenibrced, the sale of government horses is Most of the duties thus, levied were protective red must have been defrayed one way or-other; and Home Secretary; and Abelieve it Was his opinion tbat bringing these lands to a more productive condition fee is paid. The entrance fee is one franc, so that• *•#••••<•*•topped, and the reorganization of the army, duties, as those on baskets, clocks, lace, boots, could not have been defrayed without encroaching gloves, silks, etc Others, like the duties on brandy, upon money-grants provided for entirely different de-"by- an addition of twelve regiments of the etc., were higher than the English excise duty on mands. £ne, and the reduction of the fourth battalions, British spirits, and so far protective. Even merewhich is to make the troops more manageable, duties for revenue, such as the dutv on wine, mightSa now hastened with the utmost speed. The fact be considered b y a consequent Fiee-trader a s pro-that one of the twelve new Colonelcies is bestowed tective duties, because it is almost impossible to Newcastle, who had been foremost in-protest- those of tbe able and enlightened representative. of ment plan. H the French .Communes, left inde- a friend, pass profitably the' interval between any" upon the pretender of Tuscany, shows the despair levy taxes on a foreign article without protecting oftheCabinetthatrestorationcanbeaccomplished somesimilar,ifnofidentical,articleinthehomewithout interference? for, if he ever had any chance market. For instance, a revenue duty on foreign •!ofbeingrecalledbythevoteofamajorityofthewinemaybeconsideredajrotectivedutyfornative Tuscans, he has lost it by identifying himself beer, etc. By dint!of the treaty just concluded all thoroughly with the hated Austrian army. The British duties on French manufactures will beVienna Cabinet is, however, still in the hope^hat abolished a t once, yhile the duties on brandy, wine, l Venetia will be invaded solely by the Sardinian and other articles, will be assimilated to English ex-Now which sort of reply did Lord Grey elicit on the part of the cabinet?. The Duke ofration in The Morning <eoxnmercial treaty -betw« And above all the return 0 ShownItalythatherfat**i dx&nda. She has proved, too, •beforetheChambersofD\ Was necessary to raise i ^people of the world, ru•compelled to do her ju*ti /'sufficient sense and n* '"institutions, to adopt t " form of government. S" valor of her people w ei '•"fathers."—TherefusalofEnglanc the rernahiderof the Papal jwitb every expression of salthere is an absence of that ;in other respects is remarwill he able not only to hold hex own, but even to duced from British |colonies. On the other hand, " some practice of late years'.' ? Was he crotchety with a view, to carry their views into effect. I think tion has fostered. In this matter of administrativeFLORENCE, Jan. 18,18(50. We have just had a repetition of the little'melo-Prince Metternich, is treated by Napoleon and Ms j French Government paperCourt,anduponanallegedImperialdisliketoCavour. Juiy J,1860—Snppremjonoftheimport duties oncottonand wool. j .so anxiously adhered to by Pitt and Canning,had friend has so properly advocated. [Cheers.] beenoverandover again departed from byLordapropos as would seem at first sight: Many of yourreaders haveheardofMeyerbeer's;lastopera,Le,gave us the first sample at the ball of the Governor of the League, on the 1st of January, and of which.: with the priests and the protectionists, and as he is October 1,1860—l>tjty of 7 francs theJIOO Jdlogs. substituted for on a war of his own in Portugal in 1831, in Greeca mmmi FRANCE. %Ifapoieon has, besides, entered into a domestic strife July J, 1860-BrisIan tariff applied to EnxHsh coal and coke.''-' notthemantohavetoomanyironsinthefireat thepresentdxxtiomoniron.Palmerston ? Had that noble Viscount not carriedPardon de Ploermel; most of them must also haveheard of PloermeL through that ;"Poor Young I sent you a brief account in m y bast. YesterdayT^IESDIiY, 1EEBRlfatR^ia4,¥aB60the privilegesTof bdtii^gainst thepe^ple7-he had theboldness t o repeat the dangerous proceeding withinthesamesphereofaction. HismeChinesewar MiLKxsashcdvtheSecretaryofState/orForeignAf-(,rJ^^^«>-^P^i^^i^^J^ rather laughableto , Mr.EareyisreducingthemostIn the House of Commons, on Frifctr, Tan. 27, Mr. ly> gradually, and w5th;s^ffieie^.''''pre^0DiiM^ bell-point of view, m viciousFrenchhorsestomildestmansucta<the ministerial party and thtj; leader of heir. der within American jurisdiction; but as he had died which his Majesty formerly expressed so ardentmentstoresatLeghornhasbeenstopped.Itis SavethereductionofthedutyonEnglishcoalto shouldtheyallatoncetryto.breakfromtheirlonglikewisenotwithoutsignificancethatthesemi-thesameratenowpaidbyBelgiancoal,allthecon-serviletradition?Constitutionallawmightbeon QuestionPtomaine.T^heMoniteurIndustrialpub-operaticabouttherealPloermel,absolutelynothinghills.Imusttellyouthat,forthelasttwodays,an ,stilltobetheprinciple<>fofficialPotriegivesextractsfromKossuthVletterto cessionsapparentlymadebyFranceappearofavery the6ideofLord Grey, butprescription wasun- lishes,andotherpaperscopy,analtogetherremark- operaticallycomicaboutit,and.still*less,ifthatbe .ihegiveeartothedisinteres theGlasgowCommittee,anddevotesaleadingarticle equivocalcharacter. Thepriceofatunofpigiron doubtedlyonthesideofLordPalmerston.Why ableaddresstotheEmperorfromthemanufactu- possible,romanticaboutit.M.Crussard,whoisthe ideahasgotverygeneralholdofthepeople,thattotheGovernor,showingthatheneverhas beena No.1(Wales)amounts,forinstance,atpresent,to.callthenobleViscounttoaccountatthis time of leastromanticofwriters,butwhowriteswiththe thehourwasfastapproachingwhentheannexation and-generously yieldingtlutoAustriaasitwaslastyearinWinter. Accord- Sofarasthereductions,realorapparent,onEn- attemptatbreakingthroughLord Palmerston's Ploermel. "Whatwewanttoreveal,andwhatprescriptive privilege of doing with his own—the and cottons, cloths and yarns. The argument of it " very few economists suspect," says M. Crussard,thatatthefirstreportthecrowdshouldputtheirManallocutionofthe.Pope the t&rone was ever so ehaingly, I should not be astonished to hear that Na-poleonhadmadeuphismindtomakeasecond glishGovernmentacts,infact,thepartofaninsur- forcesandthemoneyofEngland—asheliked. is,'thatthe"programme"containsnotonlyagross "isthefactthatthereexistsinFranjce,atleastin nessione"wascaughtup&ythethrong,andranglish articles are putoff to future periods, the En-ItaliancampaignbeforetheCatholicleaguehasanceofficeforLouisNapoleon'stenureofpowerfer Equallyoriginalwasthemannerinwhichtheeconomicalerror,butamoralone;thathisMajes- 'theancientandlargeprovinceofBrit-own construction on the event. The cry "L'an-luL'e»prtt de-reati?' Delachote4e«vein-Could anything 'savor • hat more of helpkss imbecility troppodettot'("perhap--] and of the JRomagna to Sardinia. .This event will mercial treaty at «#,"'but a simple hoax, intended to Chinese treaty of 1843, by dint of which " begging and without complaining, on less than walking at the time in the Via Calzainoli, the long which the Holy Father souconsolidated itself. The first step must now of the terms specified. The true secret, however, of Duke of Newcastle endeavored to prove the legality ty is pressing on a measure not only contrary to ' tany,. numerous cantons, wherle a million- coursebethecompleteannexationoftheDuchies thecommercialtreaty,viz:that**itisnocom- ofthePeiho#xpedition. ThereexistsanAnglo- theirinterests,but,inthetimeandmannerofit,at "and moreofinhabitantslivebyijabor,without PortaS.Niccolo'andtheRomangate. Iwasbe followed by a protest from Vienna, and thewithdrawal of ike Austrian Embassador from Tu- rin;anexcommunicationfromBornemaylikewise be expected. As soon as France and England rec- ognize this annexation, there will be a second pro- test of Austria founded on the treaty of Zurich, andaspicyandinsolentdiplomaticcorrespondencepuzzle John Bull's commercial mind, and to cloak a England enjoys all the rights conceded least, contrary to his promises publicly given. " five sous a day per capita." Astonishing as this deep-laid political scheme, has been masterly ex- by the Celestials to the most favored na- Without indulging in the violent rhetoric ofthe '' revelation" is, its-1 author furnishes apparentlystreet that leads from the Cathedral to the o l ioutpourings of his infall^beMORE OF THE GO Corrospoadoaoe o/Thc N. Y. Tribieswillbesure to follow. Now,accordingtothe Srohibitivesystem,andtheadoptionofmeasuressim- ar to those contained in bis late manifetto. In 1866, circumstances of tho season and the requirements a bill in this eenee was introduced intothe Corps Legis- of France, these communications may end in smoke, latif, but, before being^passed, was laid before the 86 andleave"ItalytotheItalians,"orNapoleonmay. ProvincialCouncilsofFrance,which,withtheexcep- pickaquarrelandoncemorecrosstheAlps.The tionof6,alladoptedtheProposalwithanunder- famousquadrilateralwouldnot,inthiscampaign, standingthata.certainperiodoftimeshouldelapse be of the same importance as in the former one^ before the new system Bhould be brought into play. •when the Homagna belonged by right to the neutral Consequently, the Emperor agreeing with'this propo- Pope;butassoonasthisprovinceisincorporated sition,somepublicdocumentexpressedhiaresolution to carry this system into efFect, and appointed July, •withSardinia,aFranco-Italianarmymaycross 1861,astheperiodwithwhichitshouldcommence. thePo,onitslowercourse,and,turningthequad- All?therefore,thatFranceengagesbythetreatyto rilateral, march straightuponVenice andthe do.inJuly,1861,wasalreadyprovidedbythecourseXsonzo. This strategical significance of the Bo- of law in France."' magna is probably the key to the revolution of theside thereistheuglycircumstancethattheRussian oftbecountryhadbeenheardinapreliminaryexami- therearesomefolks,eveninPloermeljwhoeatmeatraining several pounds of powder, had been thrown | into the " caserne" of the third battalion of the Na- f tionalGuard,andtwomorehadexplodedcloseI-tosendyouanaccountofatr new gold washings at CracSomanyvsguereportsbePiazza della Signoria a n d Arnolfo's tower. I n posedbyMr.Disraeliduringtheaddress.debates. tions. NowKussia,inherrecenttreatywithChina, bishops,,thespinnersandweaversareequallybold, rresistibleproofofitstruthfulness.]Itwouldbo lessthan a minute a thousand lamps BhoneThe substance of his revelation waj this:has stipulated for the right of sailing up the Peiho. and more plain and direct ihau the prelates. Read: 100 long to quote from his interesting article, the out upon the fading light, amid a forest of tri- Consequently, under the treaty of 1843, the English sad analysis of this cheap living, of which the, meat colored banners. In a few moments, how- had a rigbtto such passage. This,'the Duke of New- 'ThuH, thepromisebadbeenmadeandrepeated but a element (gizzards livers, chitterlings,! and all scru- ever, the general exultation was changed for" Some years ago, the.Emperor of the French madea communication 6imilar to the letter lately addressedbyhimtotheMinisteroftheInterior,inwhichcom- castlesaid,hemightinsistupon"withoutanygreat fewmonthsago,thattbequestionwouldnotbedecided pulouslyweighedin)amountsannuallytolessthan anolessgeneralfeelingofresentmentandindig-Ibetween the Cabinets of Vienna and of the Tuiler- munication he proposed the entire extinction of the " special pleading." Might he, indeed I On the one until tbe representatives of ihe manufacturing interests twenty-five pounds. This is the average, but as nation, when it became known that two bombs, con- I I avail myeelf of the derwiLONDON, J a n . 27, 1860. The most interesting topics touched upon in thehad pushed on hostilities, not recommenced them, was much worse off than that Of England. H o w Fortunately for the honor of Tuscany their numbers*. recent deflation. There ar it is, their protests and grumblings, and beseiging of were as small as their attempts were contemptible, ffl be- some spirit of impruvt*n}<treaty was only ratified, and, consequently dates itsactualexistenceonlyfromanepochposteriortothenation. And yet, what happens? Your Majesty is going to change from top to bottom the most important articlesofourcustomslaws. * * *'Isgoingtoef-once or twice, the great majority of jits people fall farbelowtheaverage—indeedquiteoutoftasteof«5th of February. Still, with what w as broacheddnring the address debates—with what it insinuated predecessor. T o this very moment Lord Palmer- for dispensing also with the constitutional forms in est or theoretical opinion in the prohibitionist loan of 500,000,000 was payable in eighteen riionthlyregard to the British Parliament, while his spokes- camp, nor the free traders' campi That the dis- installments. On the first of the current month, manintheHouseofLords,Earl Granville, "with contentof themanufacturers ofLille and Mul- thatis,inlittle morethan sixmonths,subscribers "regardtoCbina,"disdainfullydeclares "tliccon- houseandRouenshould^amounttoanalarming hadsomuchanticipatedtheirpayments,thatbut political disaffection, is not a possibility likely to 155,000,000 remain to be paid in the coming eleven keep the Emperor awake nights. Should they be- months. The purchases of rentes made by the agent come as warm friends'of the Papal temporalities as of the treasury on orders sent in from the depart-January, that the treaty was duly signed at Paris, Lord Palmerston addressed himself to Louis Bona- What difference, then, does still remain between a Monsieur Villemain and other recent converts from ments, amounted in 1852, iu round numbers, to ' Bonner, Minister of Commerce, and Baroche, ad parte, and conversed with the autocrat on a new British Parliament and a French Corps Legislatif? Organism to Ultramontanism and Legitimism, it 44,500,000 more than the sales made on orders ofby the French papers, and with what is gossiped at LondonandParis,onemay,Mr.Gladstone's parliamentaryverdict. Butthisisnotall.solemn warnings notwithstanding, already venture .' npon some general appreciation of this " sweet " changeling." It wa» on WConday, tho 22d ofu sulfation of Parliament by Government" to be " a count of the repulse on the Peiho waB received "purely technicalpoint." The consultation of Parlia- in England. Instead of summoning Parliament, ment by Government a purely technical point!the citizens to assemble \u limes of peril or emer the people were engaged wit! which thoj filled with tbe KUgency. It seems impossible that the reactionary \ of the river and then washr < party should not yet have learned howfutile all such apparently but a bapdial. o> attempts roust be, that they should still shut their thie, on inspection, I invariab eyes to the fact that the movement was entirely na- -eral email particles and 00cinterim Minister of Foreign Affairs, acting as its Anglo-French expedition against China. "DuringInFrance,itis,atleast,thepresumed heirofanationalherowhodarestoplacehimselfintheplaceofthenation,andwhoatthesametimeopenly ingthenationalfeelingwithhim. Meantime,iftionalfrom thefirstmoment,andnomeresurface storm,gotupbyapowerfulpartytowork outtho ambitiouspurposesoftheiremployers,mad M r . Cobden. That M r . Michel Caeralier—. - the ex-St Simonian—had his hand in the pie, a n d " patching artillery, stores, and gun-boats to China,3,450,000,000. On thefirtjfcof January, there werefcricus man would get. in th<.\ about a dollar's worth; ho cotis... "andforsendinglandforcesofnotlessthan10,000 that general regret is felt throughout the whole ," men, in addition to the naval forces." The coun- realm of France that Louis Napoleon had try having thus been fairly embarked in a new war,in England, it. is some subaltern spokesman, some Srogramme provokes protests from Rouen andworn-out place-hunter, some annoymous nonentity lulhouse, it calls forth addresses of felicitation due 433,000,000 of direct taxes (the direct taxes of ofa so-called Cabinet,that,relyingon thedonkey fromMarseillesandiJfantetf; if theoperatives in theyearareonlylegallydueinmonthlyinstallments), power of the Parliamentary mind and the bewilder- the manufacturing towns are alarmed by stories of but at that date more than 459,000,000 had beenpaid in—a voluntary anticipation of 26,000^000.-erahad^notthepatiencete.va „and when half through, fiudmthrow the remainder awaycoursewithoutany£*««*** woro^HKH*judkious,hadu-ruCOearefnlly. Apartyofteuthu days about a hundred dollar labor courageously. The} ' but up to the time I saw Uxen the ordinary bowl. Another rocker, took outabout$*»wo andeveryonewhocouldatt'o made;I~sawabouttenincoo village.. - I met with no mstea** ' washedashorttimedoubtedtheriveriuconsid^jrablequtc manydiwppointedatth<*r tfcoro\ig!&y9a%u»ted with th t>ynoPaeans'relished7theyt least oneounce a day..is the personification o f a clear, definite, national ^ V ^ T h e FallTlivei steamers f< fort on and after to-day at 5the Stoaiagton line.°*&'"English eonfrire," the Lancashire ex-manu- '^ feeturer, who,ofcoarse,feltnotalittleelated•"contradiction,thatthepracticeofcommencing^wars, without first referring to Parliament, is ut-" terly atvariance with the established practice of 1' question," but he 'l certainly would not supportOrganizingandconspiringmorevigorouslyoflate, popular,itvistheoffspringofaseverecheckgiven the "programme" is not to be judged hjrits sepa- under the direction of the •Central Committee. to the hopes of the natiou—it was the representa-Somo foolish bodies have been throwing bombs tive ofno definite idea—it was identified with nocommercial treaty with England, if it letin yarns question of foreign policy or internal reform, but about atFlorence and Leghorn; those at Florenceand cloths ono of these days, lets out our wines; were directed at the life of Dictator Ricasoli. was a mere symbol of that period of transition butespeciallythenewsystemrestsuponagricul- Theydidnothithim,althoughwedonothearfrom whichwastoelapsebetweenthepeaceof.Villa- turalreformandwidely-extendedinternalimprove- theclergythathewasmiraculouslysaved,as francaandtheregenerationoftheideaof.Italianston'ssecond Chinesewar standscondemnedbyaOn the 16th of. September, 1859, the •ac-isnotonlyone of the most skillful of European politiciausy»he is also the champion who initiated the national movement which is to restore her liberty andindependencetoItaly.Hewasthefirstwhotook her cause out ofthe hands ofdemagogues, sectaries andrevolutionists,and raised>ttothedignityofa Europeanquestion. ThepeaceofViUafranca. seemedtogiveafatalblowtoallthe hopesoftho Liberal party in Italy. Austria was to retain Venice, the Pope, his hands yet red with the hide- ous massacre of Perugia, to be raised to the highest Ilace in an Italian Confederation, while the Pro- consuls of the Empire were to berestored to theInthedebateontheaddressintheHouseequal interestbothfactionshaveinsecuri-euz.If,withlabor"ascheap,andtherawmaterialCavour,mayhavehaditseffecton'thePapalthroneswhichtheircrueltyandoppressionhadlost.ing evaporations of an anonymous press, without the closingof factories, the ouvriers of other townsmakinganynoise,withoutincurringanydanger, licktheirlipswithpleasureinanticipationofcheap-quietly creep their way to irresponsible power. ened sugar and coffee. More thoughtful folks say,Takeontheonehand the commotions raisedbya withashowofreason,themanufacturershavehadSulla;takeontheotherthefraudulentbusiness- acentuiyofprohibitionandhighprotectivetariff—like maneuvers ofthemanagerofajointstock along enoughtimetosolidlyestablishthemselves;bank, the secretary of a benevolent society, or the they have had three or four years warning of a about making some concessions, and "had mani- clerk of a vestry, and you will understand thedown to Isaac Pereira and Michel Chevalier, have sibility, could, of course, " not concur with thV improving their mechanical processes, they cannotpresent Chancellor of the Exchequer, with "noble Earl [Grey] in the strong views which h bear concurrence with English enterprise, let them There is said to be .great and growing agitationact the tact of allowing this distinguished ontheonehandbyatreatywithFrance,onthe personage (viz: M r. Chevalier) to inscribe his other by a vast expenditure, incurred without any name to the treaty by the side of hisEnglish previouscommunication to Parliament,thelatter,confrtrc" &apieceofnewswhichthat"distin-'onitsmetting, iscoollyasked"tothankherTheabovefactsandfiguresareamongthemost striking indices of the financial condition of the countryfurnishedbyMinisterMagne'sreport.tiee,andw*re,*ofaraswece Tfceybadcanoeswhich,they. cfrom a depth of about three «"Majesty for having informed them of what had as to send over to London and have inserted in "occurred, and tile preparations that wereThelastrumorfromRomeisthatthePopewas gettiDgscaredenoughtoshow adispositiontotalk"making for the expedition to China." In.what different style could Louis Napoleon himself have addressed his own corps Mgislatif, o r the Em- peror Alexander his,senate ?coming change; they yet have a year o r two t odifference between imperialist usurpation in prepare for it; if, with all this, they are not able Poor old -man, he is so very slow. The appoint- France and ministerial usurpation in En- to bear a competition still largely qualified by a con- ment of Fanti, General-in-Chief of the Army of the gland ! Lord Derby, fully aware of the siderable duty,on foreign products, tant pis pour League, to the Piedmontese W ar Ministry, underWknown by the journals, is that Fire Enfantm, theex-bigh-priest of St. Simonism, was the principalactorontheFrenchside.Isitnottrulywonder-fulhowthoseStSimonians,fromPirt EnfantinofCommonsin1857,Mr.Gladstone,theng ministerial impotence and irresponjascheapastheEnglish,andanunlimitedrightof"disposition,"Underttesc-circumstancesCavour,asrepresenta-a£ tbe honor of potting his own sign-manualto an international treaty. If one should con- **the country, dangerous to Vie Constitution, and "him by his vote, should he press the amendmentMy own impression is that latherivex, and that a ^uidi nxen,withpropermachme17 sametime.Iwouldnotreco~ goodemploymentforthe"absolutely requiring the intervention of this House, "to a division." aiderthecircamstaacethatreciprocitytreaties, "inordertorendertherepetitionofso dangerous"theGovernmentoughttohavecalledParliament"together,tohaveconsultedthemontheChinese ratemeasures,buttobetakeninitsensemble;the«a$>*a&commercialtreatiesgenerally,savethetrea- 1\aproceedingutterlyimpossible."LordPalmer- jfes'''wjfli- barbarians, have always beenloudly stonhasnotonlyrepeatedtheproceeding,"sodan-^^epoawsed by the English "geroustotheConstitution;''hehas u>SLmnoed by the Eaglwfc free-traders, led " gerous te the Constitution;" he has not only re- on the Chinese,wary evaporated in grotesque com- ate folks as little as that of the alarmed prohibition- Bjpectfully-curious to; know now what his Ejaineuce bold and progressive policy. This great statesman Wfty,*i* *^«V. t.lb-.* *w^v- -, -. A********tZvT^dek Smit^&^?TM*s the wortb a n d most perfidious plated i t this time with the concurrence of fheinoe-%^ fr141** «*M**<X frnbm Mr. Gladstone, ->tf m if to J37 the plimeute showered by botfi factions m tbe head of iets, I only ropor$ tb«a^ so far as J esm discoyer;thinks of. that anti-Orsini miracle.. '«w.»«w*.l»/W«w^»iH•gs^—^^vrpvvmvWI>Ift yyw•?'.x,w>wjynygw'——tr^wn^»fW?MWiB|p•Q^^^HSHW^^in'Liverpool of injuries inflicted on the voyage, no a desire to crown his political edifice. Something intercalates another somersault 0 / two, (catchesJI declared bei>elf to ha* ^ixrCentralltaly, i*d ^ ouestion never1favintfMajesty's. opposition, i s , highly) characteristicof thepolitical crisis which|jfche representa-tive institutions of England aie rapidly ap-proaching. Lord Grey conceded that, m a formalsense,theCrownenjoyedtheprerogativeofenter-lng.upon wars, but since minister^ were interdict before tbe Isle of Wigh't?magistrates; charged with education in France. • In this " nation at the head ed from spending onesingle farthing on any enter having done to death, no fewer than six sailors; in. "of the civilization ofthe-world," as Frenchmenprise without the previous sanctioQ of Parliament, it was the constitutional law and practice that i the responsible.representatives ofthejCrown should never enter upon warlike expeditions before noticeotherwords, half their crew. A solicitor named 8fcokes are fond of boasting—the "only nation that fights attended, and, stating that he was tite agent of the ."for an idea," as his. Majesty swaggeringly re- AmericanGovernment,deniedthejurisdictionofthe markedafterwithdrawingfrom,theItalian fight- Bench. The magistrates had been blamed for dis-Tbese events bad occurred with frightful; frequency, arts; but nothing is hinted at in the way of giving but he would only refer to one more. On the x4th ox Januarylast,twomatesofthebarkAnnaweretaken/a"livelyimpulsetothedevelopment"ofprimary<«' Jarftave made no si-ocharging the prisoners; but he (Mr, Milnes) thought in this nation, one-third of the grown up men andbeen called upon to make/provision for defrayingthe expenditure, which might be j thus incurred.Thus, if the council of the nation.1 thought fit, itmight check, in the beginning, any ijnjust or impoli-tic war contemplated b y ministersJ H i s LordshipquoJed then some examples in or<jer to show howbtrictlytheseruleswereformerlyjidheredto.In tomebythehonorablegentlemanopposite,hewill, bytheMinistersofFinance,ofAgriculture,andof fifty of thetwohundred—are veritably chefs 1790,whensomeBritishvesselswereseizedbythe not,Ithink,expectmeonthisoccasiontoenteruponwrite,* and the whole annual appropriation by the,'tries. HefeltBurethattheAmeacanpeoplemustfeel Stateforprimaryeducationamountstoonlyalittle of ingenuity rather than art,extremely jurious,day amounts to 4,720,000 hectares—the hectare, told in words, and it is for them that I spoke of ifcfrom the United Statesi. Accordingly I wrote to Lord for Government to execute. A much inore effective the number requisite to fairly see .its contents.Ljons, and he received an answer that it was the plan, that presents itself to an American mind The gallery isprovided with comfortable seits, so the Emperor's letter to' opinion of tbeAmerican Government that the nego- simultaneously with the presentation of the work to that, being tired of walking, .one may here feast his '"•entente" between Engia tiations could not be intrusted to better hands than be done, is simply the renunciation of any govern- eyes, rest his body, escape from the rain, Wait foring against the lawfulness of Palmerston's second tbe United States in this country, Mr. Dallas. [Sear,. pendent masters of their own affairs, had been per- time and dinner, and draw other profits Still for one Chinesewar,answered,inthefirBtinstance hear.]Myrighthonorablefriendhas,therefore,had mittedtocontracthabitsofintelligentactivityand franc1Now,whatpreventsyoufromhaving that " the very wholesome practice had arisen of interviews v»ith Mr. Dallas on the subject. Th*>yfelfc, enterprise by any of the dozen different French something like this in New-York? Somo good "lateyearsofnevermovinganamendmenttotheaseverymaninthisHouse,andIhavenodoubtin Governmentslast,past,theywouldInaturallyhavecharityfundhandsomelyincreased,andthecon-America also, must feel, that some remedy ought to" address, unless some great party object was to be be found for a state of things, so shocking, and that an done of their own motion, and done better, what tributors receiving back more than their money's"attained." Consequently, Lord Grey being not attempt should be made to puniea the authors of those the State now has to force them to do. The great- worth ? ' prompted, by factious motives, and pretending not acts of outrage and cruelty which takes place on board, est obstacle that the Government will meet with, asto aspire to put Ministers out in order to put him- American veBselp. They were agreed as to the prin- the Ministerial reporters evidently anticipate, isself in, what, for the life of the Duke of Newcastle, ciple upon which tbat remedy should be applied; and just the inertia and incapacity of the Communes,ITALY. could he mean'by infringing upon thai; " veiy whole- there 18 nOw drawing up the draft qf a convention which its all-controlling administrative centraliza- From Our Own Correspondent.*rxuj, and th"ai Austria, in conjunction with Naples, cise duties, or to thje Custom-Houso duty now raised , ' .: -f'< on similar products (wine for instance) if intro-enough to fancy that" they were to break lancesex- it Would be premature to enter into the details of that despotism, there is little to choose between royal, convention at the present moment; but when it is republican, and imperial regimes.Man,"whosemiseries,on6,000francsayear,as evening,shortlyaftersuntf^,foursuccessivere-kpamphletandtheEmperoi cember. fn the latter, rh«undergone near Ploermel, were eloquently recorded ports echoed ominously through the city. This is •provinces alone is demardeshould reilly invade Venetia. On the other hand, eent. Parliament had allowed Lord Palmerston to usurpwe read that the French army in Italy is to be re- October 1, 1861—Removal of all other prohibitions, to be re- to himself the light of war and peace and taxation Emperor's letter to Minister Fould, occupy public Three nights ago I learned, through! M . Crussard, to be abroad, and the streets were, full bf thefin 1850,and,as the Duke of Newcastle might have added, in Persia, in Affghanistai#jondafriendlyneutralitytowardSardinia,ifshe January1,1861—Removaloftheprohibitiononhempthreads and in many other countries? Why,if and fabrics, and the adoption of dotiea not exceeding 30 per•• •-— ~:"r,From Our Own Correspondent-December 31, I860—Diminution of the duties on the importa- - the same time, it is believed that he will not go be- tion of machinery.v r,,PAiai8,Jan.26,I860.;byOctaveFeuillet,andrepublishedinelegant••An American-Catholic DiplomaffiP H a t Jf 4i view," which agrees well enough with Nithe Kapoleon Circus. H e has given two wflfireSday performances there lately, before largejassem-blies., H e appears there , to-night and to-jenerrow «ad demanded of Austi night as a grand additional attraction to thojgyni.nastic marvels of Leotard. Leotard is iea% Jwonderful fellow; he starts from one side] of thethatname,inBrittany.Thereis:littlethatistiredofgazingattheirgoldensunsetsandpurple tory.Isthemotto"SiutPeihocatastrophe. This,ofcourse,isbutaslight fecttheseenormouschangeswithoutanyprehtninary it. "Mostofthecountrypeopleraisehogsand underthehouseofRicasoli,thePresidentoftheJ gardiDgthem,Ideterminedr.0httsteronprotcron. Ontheotherhand,itisgene- investigation,withoutourbeingheard,withoutour "hens,butlessfortheirownconsumptionthanto Council. Ineversawamoreexcitedcrowd than! andjudgeformji-el£ Arioerallyknownthatastateofwarsuspendsallexist- havingbeenabletoobtainabearing. * .* * We "sellintownandobtainthemeansof]meetingtheir poureddownwithclenchedhandsandknittedE thetrain,broughtmetotieing treaties. If the English were at war with the ask you, then, Sire, what becomes of the promised in- " other wants. Hardly any one but the townspeople brows into the Via del Cocomaro, where stands the |<Chinese at the time of the Peiho expedition, vestigation which we had a right to depend upon.? " and well-to-do families eats, butcher's meat." larding, I croeeed the river ofthey,of course,couldappealneithertothe (AlaquellenouKaxonsdunousfier.)Itisnotmy Buckwheat,potatoes,milkandcurdsjcompletethe PalazzoRicasoli. Theneighboringstreetsandthefefewyardsinwidth,aridabout bupinej-etodiscussheretbeeconomicalquestion,nor broadspaceroundtheCathedralwerequicklyoc-1 struckiatoafoot-path,wellsb treatyof1843,norto'anyothertreatywhat- thequestionofveracity.Ionlypointoutasacurios- billofthe.fareofthemajorityofthecountrypeople. cupiedbythebattalionsoftheNationalGuard,I freefromallobstruction,lollever. Iftheywerenotatwar,Palmerston's itythisremarkablepieceofplainspeakingtoImperial Theirhousesareaspoorastheirtables. "ItLtbo whoexertedthemselvestotheutmostinquieting!:. bledtoreachtheVillage Cabinethastakenuponitselftocommenceanew ears,which,sincetheywere*Imperial,havenotheard "house]ordinarilyconsistsofasingleroom,which thepassionsofthepoople. Inafewmoments! •f war without the sanction of Parliament? T o es- the like." . "often has no other opening than the door and hour's pleasant walk, the < - capethelatterpowerofthedilemma,poorNew- Iftheworthyfabricantshadshown,anytimein "chimney. Thefloorisgenerallytheearth."And Ricasolipresentedhimselftorespondtothechorus! andahalf.castle asserts fcthat since the Canton bombardment, thepast ten years> half the. zeal and boldness in de- such is the condition of more than a million of of excited voices, "Viva Ricasoli, Viva Vittorio^ Were it not for the pre*in •'Emanuele!" These, h e said,- were the last efforts v well b e called the " deseneprovince, and to the forbearance with which Napo-leon has looked upon her separation from the Statesof the Church. As to Sardinia; there is scarcelyany donbt that Cavour will pursue that policy ofirritationtowardAustriawhichinthelastyearin-duced the Emperor of Austria to cross the Ticino, parliamentary address debates were the third ing, appeal to the treaties effective only during a up to Paris in these last days to plead their lost million black agricultural population in the South, indignation, remembering that the main object of3s ing either to eat or drink, a and might this year induce him to cross the Mincio.ENGLISH POLITICS. Correspondence of The N . Y . Tribune.for tho last two years, " England had never been at fense of common rights that they now display in de- French in Brittany! Truly tho Emperor was right of a party who felt that their hour h a d struck.1 huta which now remain, pre* "peace with China." Consequently the Ministry fense of their pockets, one could admire them. A s in saying that the French agricultural populationandconsequentlyhemight,withoutspecialplead- ministers(thereweremorethan400ofthemcome thankfulshouldwebethat, exceptingourfour Letthecitizens,however,restraintheirnatural?; threedwellingshave.beenreChinese war, the commercial treaty with France, time of peace. And to highten the beauty of this cause), and other attempts to change Napoleon's and some poor white trash among the Sandhills, this and similar acts was to carry away the popu-1 J a u l i o ^ S c a r S g H cJ ofand the Italian complication. The Chinese ques- queer sort of dialectics, Lord Palmerston, the chief mind are like to prove mere waste of power. H e and the lower twenty thousand of our prosperous lace to the commission of deeds which should com of the Cabinet, asserts at the sarae time, in the has thought over his measures and decided upon Northern cities, there is nothing like it in our great promise that calm and dignified attitude whichGREAT BRITAIN.SHESTEWTBEATYBETWEENFRANCEquestionofvitalimport. ThesecondChinesebardments,Peihocatastrophes,andAnglo-Frenchnowhethinkshascome. Hehassocombinedwaspublished.Itrepresentsthenationalfinancespersonswereinjuredbytheexplosion;oneaser-have stood a good chance 014 return to Matacbin.tion, it ought to be understood, involves not only an House of Commons, that England all this time over, their main features long ago; and only awaited the and glorious country. . |Abreast of the village, apd Tuscany had preserved from the first moment of ihe main street, run* the vivointernational question, but also a constitutional " had never been at war with China." They werenot so now. There were, of course, Canton bom- favorable moment for inaugurating them, which The annual report of the Minister of Finance her glorious revolution. I believe that only twovery swift slreamf with athem, as appears in the programme, that, however,Palmerston, haying led first to a vote of censure never been •declared, and since, to this mo- much certain of them may offend the real interests has been considerably diminished. The balance be- to be passing at the moment. Several arrests were hundred persons,.of all »had<.-6in ahighly prosperous condition. The floating debt vant of Ricasoli's, the other, a man who happened! ment, the Emperor of China had allowed or the fancied interests of certain classes, they will, tween revenue and expenditure continues to be in made during the evening, among others, the Sig-"le8ted an intention of convoking a Council,"Consequently,theamendmentwasnotpressedto ments..;;''• CardinalWisemanandothers ofhisclothassured Indepeidence. Thereturn ofCavourisareturn .adivision,andthewhole debate,inbothHouses, Idiscussthe.argumentofthethoughtful moder- us, twoyears ago,Napoleonwas. Onefeelsre-- froma8y8tom of temporizing halfmeasures toa# makeatwashing,untilwekUntitled Documentamid shouts of "Viva Vittorio Emanuele" fromstreet to street, across the Arno, far away to thetheoldFlorentineRepublicwaswonttosummon| taken,andthatthegoldisnablood.- Now all is cha Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069u-Mh:..r*g»>f*^..,..>.;.,--, a g a , ^ ^ ^www.fultonhistory.com./ 