 pr pSfW"-nitii hvA. Uieifl dependWe every organiza-Gospel goICliittirft^«S!a?;e7grSv^who^i^in«a*«MSr.^.V.hooks, the chains, the lock were all ready for the vic-bename of aBjer.lmt of Oivlne personal' t-^.-rX', ^'SiraKIKIIT.frtm Firtt Ave-]retj^isiitohurra's!; attle ftflerbadldkfeI^fcwototdtmooalTnfeinChrlit's la togor TRB BlOIBBIOingTS. ADaciu,Sstarda7, Nov. II— P. H.L^ usKwcring the prayers of the past 25 or 30 years, andGospel coolinil%li»tead two andthe erxeascpteectds,IS'.ta.,nB8«eenl<aleta art holding a large anl entliu- 4llMie -Bflcdag here to-nlehtThe aaKHDahreiolattalU have been unanimous];'panic2.gosleep.-<adqitad,«fterbel]i( anModed, as followx RualvU, rhit It tM the sense of ">iB njeetinggatherwe shall be safe. For "though clouds and darkness outcry—ot what? Of all the world, what? 3.:the only remedyibrfin elecUon of AsBiBAJiand men. In scenes of Wildest conlusion below He issuppose that God makes men asare the yet justice habitations thereof." But I shall havemore have aggression wrong Theysome real difficulties andtuch a batue of thirty years we may be expected to*r taandlate neeeilou.•ma resolntlon was reeelveJlogad cheerlig.•JJ«ot«d, That the thanks ofto say to- night. "Theing made it populous with men, and having given it was no larger than that in the morning* simply be- met one day a poor, half-starved prophet, against have to be begun again.nplMiliaa'^« ,If°P^ .ISSSX^SS^p'?^ Trir^cf'l^e'a^l-'rSu.U-congr^ation in the evening, inside the Church,'.I^^.l^^'K^-butfor jtlstice; notfbr'''*T"^*^'Th^!hls'm'i°"linK is pledgedsoften-That long period has come to an end. The last r^peablng it will never thrive. It provokes, in the end, lock, burning^ cut (he pound o? Hesh from Iv.STof'.'iluon.'li rS^T^.oS)to^arm Jntue inili*ary of tiie Siate.whoing down ol truth;brew lawsanctioned legal vengeance, or Oat f "A ftirther resolutionthe action of tl.e citizens' meeting this afternoon, anddeclaring that the resolutions adopted by that meeting dM not e.vpres8 the sense of the community.breast, is a character thathe testimony of the Scrip- consolation of one sort, If not the kind they desire. corrupted by Slavery has been filched. The noble honor Libtrty. We must find It in God's Word, iIn otuhre have thought much better of than we do. Birt*»ne meetiiig of the Minute Men has jnst ad- joined,-m« spMcMa nuide were very anlmatiBg and ez- ^«llk flkaad eUotted the most enthusiastic cheers.plishedWhen at an afterEll hadgrownold anddixunisn, thereisnothingInthem,ihave beendealingwitore-TheSt MlUedgevlile.Tka people here are greatly rejoiced to hear thatpeaceful, loving,performed —a brave soldier, athe threntenings of said slow boatsLjustice.God spake to a few unknown men. These were theafafairs in the Republic. Not room enough was left—then standBy the same token I am glad to hear of so much makers, the persecuted for righteousness' sake. Then than carnal ones, voe to him who wields themIa little child first simpleout toand ain our great Revolution.4. Consider the thriving by defeat which belongsHowoftenhasitbeenwho be to abandon the praeUeea eoa- might willingought not to do it tmder dictation, and enrtt Now, of this whole legislation of the new law- to repel as ty ranny every attempt to confonnd eapeai- giver,wemaketwoor three important and clearly cwnhciychwiitoipsrinciple,andprestcoribceowmimteonadathwoiztiotyxtehaLtreasonable remarks. K new order of life was to be perfectly rightInaugurated, and the Kingdom of God was to be pro- Even when men are dotog wrong, it must be remem-on earth with a and bered toat they must have A certain liberty to this di- claimed universality spirituality1> okearfUotiedlence.AfterawhUe thechildTheymen and he who to his brotoer thou or~,Like men in every age, they were living bythrust it outYou will observe, too, now, as always before, thatblack men, but God has sent a black schoolmaster to you. By his training there has been more reading, and there is more knowledge of liberty and humanit. Here occurs th«i command to turn the other cheek rather than retaliate, and to give up the cloak rather than cuarrel with htm who has taken away the coat by aprinciple,asfordancingorusingtobacco. WhohasCaptain doa tee the how and the where. He puts omMcnee in him, and instead of trusting to the evi-wouldn't, but they attempt to teach ana corrupt the yoimg. Thev are ravens, blinded by intense selfish-acknowledged, wayJtoyad ihHt.^ginrat In calculating upon the facts of ofc,sadsawthingsjustastheywere—confused,tu-asking their opinion about healthy fleshor about When Christ, coming to Uie grave of his departed viction and conscience, " ofjudgmentIsbywar ofand some persons asseit toelr opinions of what is rbweomlng the prey of fear and panic. Men are contlnu- «lly leaving God out of their accounts and calcula-to him.Other men take counsel from commercial causes.Business is the place for fluctuations, it is there thatof Christian Liberty began to makeit was (Aenf cf^siVy o/'5iarfry to demand in Congressceptthose or who are not willing optolons,tions innot through faith in—ills the fulfill-which is theingshanUwriling of God. There is though the sea roar with storm. He sits in everlasting It is pertinent for us to ask. What is the nature of and movement in direction of evil. The end, level of personal altercations to the nigh ground ofaffairs. live Theytemporalto and above all things—they forget that he isthrough gaveentirely by sight, God,—they forget his sovereign re-saidIsvery easy,J^«kin1. T\ost mtn do tkia who calculate only by naturalthe fires of the lowervet men were madeevery right, evident intentionJm^law2i«!i^w^V"»fiV' '"!? consideraUon, but in for- jetUng what la besides. If they expect to solve ailISn^^J'i'e^arnSd.fnaU'.^ wpeace. Neither should you go. to the moods of world-strugglefraternal kindness and cooperation- WTio does notown the need of this precept in this of view- point'""•"""' jsiUstniirtii Wu should remembera wise menall. In beyondaffairs it is that the most ofonce be settled that »ti£n the Ohio Kiver submerired villages and ham-now ?certainly tliat this kaadWdttagbas a kand w"'hiicli wrotl iti,rand" thatrthceslepoor thing aftertongue of free speech—""k"'^',Iheyhope for them,.. ....^but foolish.is right,andana for toose undermuchY^o-^lelaws are not the pathway of rGod,whichis tu beTake the worldasand must mischief wi'li of all deference, propertyChristians, instead. ofbeingswift to returnrailingforthem,s seiue of their habiu, inrerf^f^ u/iri Jendtnciet. Experience is doubtless indispensable tu the conduct of affiiirs ; it is good for merchaats, lor ; it is, if we read theand God'sundIn<A<tr^aeiD4wn,which every man who believes in to we*, who have just seen the checking of the progress permits Slaveryspeak, and nobody else. When John Qcincv Adams, of this monstronsiiy, leel rejoiced in the prospect ofhonorfavor, to find dignitypeaceof toe beatitodes.Lincolntaken of to do all advantage temporary powerdangers, '.a fie r I not,andtheir tliein to beto submit to al.d organ-gotten In,saying::!—a servile and beeeecnipg way ofinto the Diviner'^annsd-w^'f^ES;:^?ter, "T '"'Ji'^'S^ Sd. Aad so wtth childreni embmwh"cr?iou57a"0Is tim,andthekeywasalxnitbeingmevjtable destruction^S?waUe<iof earrin furtherma thS way aad that ia dreading, lest at the next moveout thejustice. aonullttg.tlwTnd u3ibie.fKcy and iheir all bo swept from Uie face of the earthcoming.or sect which went sacrifice of principle.]In for expediency at thp --jiiimenow utterly childish Is lUiB state of Oa how pitiaDle— on Cod—the ftuit is at handshall to we then submit: manacle on again.We mutt not nowThere is work topenaltyfnnher, and remore alltion—when ihey lina the whirl of events U t>eyond—10.)2. He is the God of Sature, He framed its laws and:the same great principle and used in the same way by the speaker.out the land, demoralizes the conscience, corrupts theanders, the meek, the hungry and thirsty for righteous-aaoccupied for the thinnest man in the two cities, and This is the course prescribed for us, if we desire brings the whole society Into the precinctsWhat can be more foreign to the geni"usa solemnity not unmingled with curiosity pervaded restand peace in God. A man who looks at God, of barbarism. Meanwhile, you shall find the tka vast assemblage. As will be seen by the reports seeking first the Kingdom of God and his righteous- family likeness preserved, and every argu- kelow,Mr.Buohixpreachedbothmorningandeven- ness,cannotbedisturbed.Onthetopsofoursleepled ment,everyplei,palliationandexcuseforop-churches we notice weatner-cocks, which piession made since the days of Nimrod and Pharaoh iTas he been frequentlyIthe topics of the and day,turn this, that or the other T7ay, according as the wind are reproduced for its defence In our land. You shallFreespeechis notonly safebut also uponpowerful. the perpetuity of the divine law and the aim of Hisin toe court of conscience more any'insiilutious. We must holdour head for Liberty, specific penaltiesntehcaenssarily«B> LATEST.AsoiTnA,Saturday,Nov.10—11p.M. theDivineMaster,rebukingthem,callsoutIntones understandingoftneLimes,toknowwhatIsraelought 2.he returned and accom-two-faced allies-Intention of the ancient truth what waa before anandImplicit intimaaautheir weak controi, and tliey complain and grumble—"Which were men that badhis work. mijihiy— 7. .<t< ro secession and all those fantasiesof thunder, " Be kliU, and kuuw that Iam Godhis sons corrupt, and were the unprotesLlng wimesses alities, and these things don't belong here. This gal tribunals, with a new aad In tendameas,I will be exalted among the heathen, 1 wiU be exaltedto do.''Saul was a man of courageow«bb and kind of wrong, a little child heard the voice of the Lord talking about secession is like the talking of a patient time we have seen marvelotu progresa in eiTlaws, butkeeps ihein inoraer, anl absolutely controls He wasWe should believe that He will hold all theseextent, when men eeek to search the laws of nature,3. But Christianity goes even fortter than take care of to be able to risk anything on unpopular and a heavy raft far away to stem, and private vengeance an<i parifying thetijeni.laws to their proper course—^the rope that kept them to the tug, what would be court of conscience—before whldi casesrarely1 In manner or matter even by himself. The may chance to blow—(and thus we can generally tell find as the defences of Slavery nothing but the oldbullyWeak in Its beginning, God has by it made this whole gospel being not to destroy but to fulfill it, not oiUy than to toe pugllislic ring, and the m^orityunot t^laxtoB which the morning's sermon was based, is which way the wind blows by looking at the church) clothes of past despotisms. Sermons go masquerad- ibaad in Isaiah 11. 7, 16. " Hearken unto that —and men look at the cock and see it go round and ing in the servile rags with which despotism was de- me, ye round, never once thinking of the straight, stiff rod of fended out of the Bible for a thousand years, and thus know d^teousness, the people in whose heart is my iron which points directly up to heaven, never vary- Spain, Austria and old Rome have opened their dead law ; fear ye not the reproach of men, neither be ye ing, though the cock goes at every breeze, but always hands and given to modern politicians the very ma-nation to rise in its might. That which ruled is over toe prohibiting murder, but the angry temper anl tyrannizeof toe Bdra minority anythe way of Ufe,MKHitoruidlaarwmys sabserrtentto the end. Now is the time toSS5fSriSS<i5oT^i>^t "iof reUlbtlon, bytind reMt In other ways, they are open to all and time that he and try to reignshas reigned forallaround us,system of the veriest and most tmmitighted Iniquity,there has been, as we should a constant expect,and nboke all resort to in the f Sorelynot Theevery mundane fluctuation. Welvarn, then. andand if the storm and darknessdolegal jatoeethe MouIntjurceodncptairntwylth all the teachingsSeorfaoGfaarolat allowing a certain jorladictlon to cItU law.ofthey cry out that they are victims, and taat they have thame on usbeen wronged. (See 1 Kings. 18; 17 and 18.) Mr. 4. Firmness. Should we attempt the prudence of tabric of government overturned. But In aBowM Bkkcbxk here in a humorous manner told tne story wavering and good-natured cuDipliance, we would man to seek redress at law. It dees not .penntt Witt of Abab, who, having done all the mischief he could, certaljily have a relapse, and the whole work would^e^pne above,„,„ walchc?'.Let us pray.bornethe harm they can, and having turned the shin endthe example of the Apostles, aa well asThe watch hariog once Deea properly and entirely made, is given Into tbe hands of ,„ „, ,h. Lhe I'Viner, who theucetorth is to atteud to its repair, ff {Si i'e refjulatiou, Its cleaning, and its winding. And 60 tltat he havi^ig swept tlie vast circle of the earth, hav-precepts, prove*civil order, so far,' indeed, as to stibmlt to ImparfKt,viith loud anl pro- we uukvWHAT ISRAEL OUGHT TO DO." KTENISG SERVICE.and even erroneous laws rather than hare the wMto a-lis peadulcub motion, said, "Here, yuu must take care of it now," and then went off to build aaother world, to take his rest, or to sit afiroffin some distant sphere, wiih no care or Uioughtof that which so re-whom he instantly began to declaim,is It you who tioublest Israel *" and said heHa "Conciltation^ but not compromise.We gain noth-pifTa«e«al- mosity that nferaallws the man, but tor reedtotevision. Tms is not tpr'sand Constitution, in the history of the people, and Mosaic law was more—ures Old or— New orthe revelation of of thecircle is completed, the robber career is.i;^' ,m.^e KeaHgwIi mmi§, Jthjli^ yi^pewto i% 3P^--^^.-i*'*'"^'^' i^*» ''any one muzzle you. There is no risk In it, it is per- aftald of their revlllngs," Ac silently pointing upward. So should we be—not turn- terials of defence which they employed, and tombs of fectly safe, and God gives it a mighty powei.sider how they may be reconciled to an offended tbe glory of a true Government is that It latrlsets brother. He warns them especially against captious the few as well as toe many, and allows each eoauDO- litigation, and exposes its folly as well as Its sin. He nity and each mind its own essential rights. We shallMle.halftonad fitta«llh,iM»ofBeottdflddoa.tdioefrwlfttiwMotherboltsfttlroeftbdeytoott•poor«ODe5«fcraneyeot»l,_i__r—•5^oaat love, If He t« ourforged ,.that hOastioe and readylaoncbed as soon as toccess hiBd againstllb^ty giventhem a term of four more The manacles, the yeara.•,l^ce. turnedwhenGod, polnitogthe Hebrew eeoDd^u&tlwMend, we shall be well enotigh off ia the eiU—and the now should, al-bethe Christ preach .foepel—to|utterwordsof.truth,SSlS [Thl. deprJcale/li (he st^tiS^mTneTtaw nbukedtee^Sstt private and submlttbig ^!SSi iSLSte the*^ legal tribunal, pmish^tJJSSTSto tb2tC law intluna of the Intenuon to iStt transi?re«8or, and checfota temper shown by tte iqivred party. Biit,doe*>otthecause no more could beha What you read in the book you can read on the plantation 1"that him brlngBGod takes The services preliminary Indicated the natureended,Now, consider, I pray you, some of the events and nowhere else so much as in this money-ridden pcaling to a c dldlah and onculUvaied age^auTttemade thecaie of it, tending it as a lather does his child, lie discourse, and the prayer and hymn warmedand I areGod. Havingearth,theyoupermittedto see theday.upThese are the sublime consolaUons vrlth which the ing, the subjects of every fear and commotion, 2,CoO years old have been opened and ransacked, and FromantdhishipsoicnhtarMarc.teBreisxtcihcer continueodf mwaintnhegrr,eattodo more to rebuke narrowness ^nd totolerance in oarneighbors by vindicating their freedpm of tpeech aadaction than to and enibarraas them, and by trying Dullybut looking with unswerving confidence and the dead bodies brought out, and the filthy rags whichyaophet comforted the downcast and timid men of his faith towards God the Ruler and Director of encased them are torn and their veins have beenforce eloquenceconsider various other lessons of the day wiiich we have no room to report as tully as we could wish. After eulogizing Iree speech, he enlarged on, thirdlv.tontr all these Events. You would The Educating ojnot like to to school to a black nor even with go man,then denounces licentiousness, notin its acts but—dcwwsast, and oppressed, were continually put to all our life long been educated to believe this, we made to innoculate the young arm of the new State.day. M«B who, poor and timid, and humble, andall. If we did not know these facts,all fellow Take as awito those who cannot>'and the who scorned, contemned and despised;and strikes at its root how much Christian Associations that excomm>inicate churchmembers for actions toat turn on expediency, not onaad ooofoslon by the rich, thehaughty,-but thank Godmight be pitied for our vacillation, but not blamed tmt as it Is, it Is thameful. I am ashamed when 1 hear a Christian man, (a worldly man has no God.) who is loved by the Jehovah Christ, who might enter into the very secret chamber of God and touch hisThey lanced the bared arm. They put in the poisonFor a little timeresisted—healthrefusing them ?snip specimenadopttoe conduct of tooseitgftt aad not by faith—they looked upon the /ace offtiags aad not upon the secret causes of operations. and run to the stern of the ship u> wake up Christ, themselves by some interchange; with neighboring States, than there was before the first tap of the drumheart and be sustained by him, complain and murmur,w asting evils lu bodies poliiic, seek to relnvigoraterightsin all theNorth,and the tier of Southern uppergoesibursts upon the ship and terrible waves run in around. Let the overladen Christ sleep! He is in find the same Imagined sense of wrong. Slavery inlove your enemies and to be perfect even as the mer- ciful Father In Heaven is perfect.sea,lestallonboardfshouldbeengulfedbythewaves health,andwhen.resistedorrefused,youwillalwaysjog aboat sternly resolute, but without quakingtke Bian at the wheel Is calm and watch- cupants. How greedy they arc-how nimble—how uf necessityit Is a matter When Christ was whentrue freedomand we do great harm to a good caaso;Ad, sad the sailors are alert and hearty agilemuzzle our institutions, weaken the Declara- lifted the accursed tliey crawl upontree, when by bisconfounded with;pressiontotakeany than allow their views to be inpre- iswere brought first them as if toey were not men not" to make then;The great length of this discourse forbids our giving well have borne any other course of history, for it is killed outright, and yet wouldn't die ? You might as aad scream, and the sails and cordage fill the air with it more at length, as we wish to give a sketch ^ilso of undeniable that Slavery seized the reins of ttiis Gov- well try to put all the air of a room out of the win-clack and clamor, he is sure that safety is at an end, the evening's discourse, and a ha^ty !<umnmry of the ernment more than fitty years ago. Ithas acted by dow—it comes in at crack and crevice. De- everywho were intrusted with rection, and the best metood of reforming is not to promulgating its principles must make it apparent be- break down their liberty but to quicken and exalt it;and terrified at the destruction which is certain upon balance includes the condition of a man's mind tlie prumptiijgs of its liistincts, as the wolf does by his, feat!unknown before.that they locked beyond prevailingkiaa. He is amazed to see the captain, his father, go-who peimils himself to be swayed by the tides of hu- man affairs, and more particularly of politics.or the eagle or the lionThey1 have seen, said he, a populous cheese and its oc-the it is—how in and out—how they squirm;life or death. It must he sank theby waysideunder the when he was cross,unutterableharm ratherany way mistaken orwhen we advocate it In a way offensive to the adl^respect and manUness of its opponents. To tnatone over another—how they fight and tussle—how tion of Independence and BUI of Rights, swathe agony the heavens were darkened—Ae died, to uve. theydominant errors. 1.into opposition with the prevailing motives ofquarrelandstruggleforthis^andthat. Ahsaysas If be had notI say to the Constitution by putting it into the bands His victory was complete. So with evervtlilng that gatfeMs eonfdenee—not so much because he myself, men are not the only politicians in the world. of political underiakers, who, \iy construction^ are to has Christ in it.;!aasisay ekssge In aStin, or because he sees houi they X aon't know as we ought to say hard things of poli- bury the whole power of lltierty. If that spirit which 5. Never fear toare to Be kept tn safety, as by the conviction that the ticians. They are punishea enough,—and we burned at one time in Northern and Southern hearts Consider the feelings of those men, nowThen and it was an alwaystreats himhell fire. Great wUl be tbedence of his own senses in the matter ofputs trust in this being who seems to him, at that time,almost divine and superhuman, and we praise theseqaallUcs in a child which rebuke his senses, and con- cross my book, and my ear would catch the odious Government, do you believe there would have been a Slavery cause, is chosen the Executive of the country'sdanger,the airOn the hill- side where I spend my Summers 1 harehewords ofwarning and of fear.that and greatmuch abusedness, fillingissomettmes harder toan to torn tiie torn to him toe otoer ear.WotheicbedCy——oftheSaviour. AndsowhentheRight.calm and any murderous violence-than to dare The other examples ofwithgood man, (thougheulogies since,) WASHntatoN, had continued imtil simply advocating the right of petition, ana the factoften sat whileOder them heroic. So with men. In times of public *' Caw, caw, caw" of the crow. Tkey might distract single Slave State within our borders ? Naywho, havingof the Mount forbids not only suchreadijig,hen men differ on questtonsaad pclne^ile, ~'"*of human nature burn the and although it or those who attend to it arew lib an adversary, byor submits to every indignity. Istosubstitutegoodwillinsteadofmutualsuspicionprivatefill for my eyenew began to make its presence felt. spiritItThe essentialgrandeur of such a revolution victory everywhole habit andof—wrong Edde,bycon-for lu our sectional that we aiafca instance, disputes,a question of prtociple too much aor miles goes twastand near to God. He is now an- by the of the sent them one and all any party omnipotence vote,but that on the out- side was really tremendous. It would be a good plan5.ing by the suppreseion of our real convictionsKUwdom. leaaaot the Inmost lnt(Stlan (rf Ite He-for out-door stands to beerected,and the peoplewas then adopted, cenJemnlng cently occupied his thought, his time, and his super- crowd at the temple gates could then receive spiritual Western step is taken, the last Inch of to be more than any other way. We are more than ever to territory—mother. Indeed, so much audieixe up to a pitch which nearly equaled that of which have happened on the other sidepublic morals, prevents Increasing intelligence,off'.ness,themerciful,thepureinheart,thepeace-off,if we had not opened and the viius taken lherefrom,and the attemptill itsdispositions,urges purityit did not take the place looked red—but the ^bodyby teaching better it is to submit to evil than to commitpartnot to be despised, you should not go there for teach- things never ean trH\ together. It is an institution 1.fiercest;speech incompatibleel prophcy, and to predict cfiectsfrom causes.vs, then, prophecy. inand let thepoqpitly men for advice in uneasytJmes. The world is butWho will not allow that tills earth would be a different place, if men, even they who call theuisolvesenough,Slaveryplayed and men feltia as consciences as upon ours.Ont' day all is quiet and serene with them, and the panic, uproar. Theyunccrtiiin, like a distracted and disordered compdBs,andwhichwho are the very strongest In calm and quiet times,'points one way as well as another. Some menbenevolence rather than ? revengej.evated the position we may occupy, the more ac- were brave and chippy while the headlands were in whole land and ;called a coward, and it will be clearly seen toat is more majesty to calm forbeaiance than revenge. He will see toat he not only quickensspeech curate should be our knowledge. A President, a sight, but the moment they pot out to sea. and the side were menmean— — neces- to talk thus two elements Freedom and Slavery mustado you any good, I have no objection to your P< isons her own self, like trees which corrupt the i-m"'''. ^ '**se life's battle or voyage this sea of life thinking so. It does me good—heart good— in which they grow, until die from theing.carth wHhont the shojld sun, would man be who;turther,"onlyquestionof she time,—— waserated. On this point Mr. Oeechkb very happy,Hi.nx^of his juigcalme by tecu'.ar experi-to see all things going just right, and ail (fieets of their own exudings. It can live as of1only tloes the nomadic Arab who moves his tent iromsoon die. To stand still is States uill uhixl into line. (This day the speakerand he maintains Ids honor and best^pioui.d theydescription Virginia unmolested,ceedingly amusing.traveling throughlaw,_ai,dtne »ren^drnaiuo'reed ,''h';'^,X.^iSt £ lu fori"'' "I"''' ''""i is relative inwould on.its meekness as=^TM <" the FatUer—God.•"lJ.^^^'ly ,/„,4., „.,,„ .ift^jfmen crying and boo-hooibg about It."f'="6piloting fingerwas notonly graphicbut ex- uj'onjudicial position,wd! SJ|"i' pail"c'r^nTMjfd"m'e"t"h,c]^, seetmnedumclponse,d^agaimnesjt-Trf^aman«i''°''''''>^-'*°"Wl'e nnfit for^another.day and getting on as far as 1 uesday, when a littleandhailed with an great, long eloquentand «'i'^''^Reme.nber toat to overeom-«teS, d?i,:'-°Ja»'"P:'^'ard-has always m.'ch u ^='^';""''»t«<lhis adversary's•ground place, that the precent toeperience,andseehow ffine, there are grea. aLequitypads—is only another step .of the same kind. It was attonishmeut, and the blatant Ya^cet regardovercome the^won <"«?' money—tneirstocksandbonds—andlooktoeach CIthehighseas,bythoselawsof calledfoot- welfare,suchaswouldmakeGov.Wisestare«ith goesfurtherthanarebukeofpersonalvlndietlvenes's, ingtoe«TM°Si°wAh?o^lefnm,a^nSrtoewholecommunity,fiVod""^^,^^ ^^ ^^ ^^Whenis straight, people fearing to be eaten by dragonsgoodness. goodtoe filial andlimes to toe aa?ln it.everything ; Christian men and all Sun-place to and like the Arab, if confined to a circum-offender's »retaliation, and appealing to the Supreme law, so dear to his own conscience, and never wholly dead inordinary? Letitmust stand, there is then no lels, floated oir bouses and barns, and the veryandif iiwill3. The whole yorthwill become more and morcre^cd-calmlykeepersne-*-s, the more completely does the insult rebound lower beplare,— praying singing day ti-riliod place,* it4. The is at hand vhen the tier of yortliem Slave dayrebukes therong, by suppressing personal"-<T-oS".«f^^Si^mmuft prevail,we must aUtheexi--^t if free;Theof them self-denialI*t toe right be upheld as toe right,!a to affirm his own on toese sobjeOT aa right opinionsthe essential law of God, and to make the acoeptaneo!'.revenge,he sleeps but for a moment, then there will our land has acted with the very instincts of the genus essentially to every moral cause. How many funeralsYxpoa it, and howling winds smite it, and it reels and the shipaocM and careens, and the groaning timbers strain be a calm. to w hich it belongs. 1 do not see how they could very of this cause have I attended ?eteridty,thewrong-doer,C«l. AitBiasos, of Savannah, is now addressing themMbBi arguing In favor of decided and immediate is he God, thut if man steps, by thought or the reverend clergyman, when, wi^ an unctiont^ 1. When God sent to Israel, in a very dark and cor- (i. Sympathy we must have, and an enlarged pa- code of rtiles and penalties had equally naim^dof the South.Tke most Intense excitement prevails.actlon*by thepeoplaof time.IkB FteaUentlal electors have balloted in December. Even when to us it seems that all is in confusion, all be sure, he had his troubles. All good men have gotten, he will live and be remembered for liis Chris- Why not again? Why should we not take the power comes from its decrees than bom the ieslllil--Iworld,periodspeople—and so do all Governments. David tian toAH parties here will unite in sending disunion mem- is working well. See the freckled sea when many troubles and gowoidth a who Theoprpeoswietrioen witShlahvirmy.a few others—not a list. initiative ? I look lor the day when the whole bunals of the world, and most of our actions an ^5-operation. Many InHnentlal citizens are tendering Gate ?;tendency of Inaugurating this supreaoe law was two-Sovenor. Our citizens are all unanimous for dls- men are broken away from it.governs the mind of man, and causes their very wrath Our Savior (Matt. 162, 3.) reproached the religion- success full tumult, rage violence, they,«alt Judges,mon en the Monnt. morning services, yesterday,decree of public opinion and general consdaaee.evil, not by violence either of hand or toogue, positive good, and the aim of the pceeepl of ai_«nve one, are for disonlon.He is the God of hosts, he is the God of revolutions,whicti liveu. shut they They werein theMountIsJuge aeatOedatEsteUHall.SENTIMENT IN LCfaiSIANA. NiT-OsLxuis, Friday, Nov. 9.Placards are posted all about the(Saaveation of those in favor of organizing a corps of WHtaMen.Tfta Mimile Men of this city met this evening and have—infant Christ again.liveHde asnudcceededtoin kislltiantgurae fewcity, callingaand at the idea of his ever laughedattaining any great—which side would have stood on youthat the of sensible, re- majority practical people, are.beyond ourselves, remamberinta resolution requesting the Governor to callIks lasgiaiatnre into sessicn. Blue cockades are worn but he didn^. As fast as he rose the clouds rose too,SENTIMENT IN FLORIDA. Tauuussi, Nov. 8, via Columbus, Nov. 10.except LuTuxa, he,regard preceptevil ? Shall we adopt the extreme opinion that vio-decisive check, or shall we set down the whole non- stead of too much has been said of the Eigher law, resistant code of Christ as apiece of well-intentioned and we too often forget that It works both wn^ and:;It is wliat makes heroes. It converts gristle to it is a bird of prey, and it has muscle. It makes men invincible. You are never preyed upon us.' It is not simply the nature of op- so near victory as when defeated In a good cause.We let in troublous times. Have rest in God. of dumbness—it will permit no discussion. are bom prophets—Heof aad oppressionit must gohim on shore «itL''\,,,"".»'"P-'»a'-d-and set songs they cry out—and rush to their chests—to their by a justice, interpreted exactly by the Chief Justice and a desire for their present happiness and future 2-,humanity,conquertrouble comes, and forgetting their prayers and theirbreast. Weremark,inthesecond:goalike, which permitted the statesmen of the entire that have endured to this hour ofright thing. patriarchal,triumphwlien tldsof eonsdaiee laland to meet in harmony together, presided over by The here drew a vivid contrast betweenhas done to nim.ly natural passion to avengeeven in our time a man would not be called a savagehis eye put out by an assailant, should strike at the assailaat's life in return. The Preacherfiercetill a dark shadow would now, to animate and administer the affairs of our that Abraham a leader of the Anti- LiifcoLN, great^stress, when all things seem let louse, God speaks my attention for a moment—they mightfel a Toise ofjn^jesty, and with infinite dignity He re- a second, as lazily they swept in circle after circle, tillJatesBinsade. And why! Not because theyem- too far off for view, but I never thought of dence, at this time became a fact felt and patent ment of power on theconnectedwiththesanitaryconditionofthe fiiend,called Lazarus,comeforth!"andhecame"-aaltasak, tUeateniag,—bat because they forgot Him— country'scattic—neither shall I do it In politics any bound hand and foot, the Jews sought to kill him, be- still blind, and so stupid as still to croak disaster uud the left," but if he smite thee on the right check, turnanythingIsaviag oat of their calculation the very chiefest in it, more than in nature. Let theseif anyputthy— —crow tillcause he was a living evidence of the miraculous downfall to cause ofas if their mere opinions were virtoes,justiaeapeopleCorf's mmence m and control of ktuaan affairt be- are hoarse they are not your teachers God is.theyGo powert^erising ^irlt Mr. BxicHBB then took!laws.still acknowledge that toere is a wrong way Mla and that sometimes error Is defended tair-tog right,But aretaliation, altercation upon which it is founded. He bade His foUow^ers avoid it even at the risk of loss and pain. Yet his nomeansextravagant. Hedoesnotof vital notmerelyonmattersoflimitorexpediency,theT8"the second branch of Ids and all the channels where traffic influ- The relations of this History to the Future.tion to txprtssawho parts with his cloak,.discourse,ment that trouble is allowed. These only givesin the of temperAye, tlien alluded to this as the termination of a giganticrelations, and so bring men from the low upbe true to its mission asenemyan iriEiilution that cannot sustain Itself without put- to beting out the eyes of its watchers and cutting out the check has been given. As in the (reshet of 1B32,helpthe venerable Giddiuqb, and Slade, and other such its death.no abiding and settled mural principle, men, began to speak in Congress, the inevitable re- 2. WemaybelievethatwehavebythisvictoryavertedThis course we regard as bccomin.tr the .strongerjnecbanics and for tradesmenlight .kind of men, good reading. We ought to are the weaU>t, huu s>lliest, and most perfect fools in sults took place. A struggle ensued, and the silence iLor and bloodshed which really seemed inevitable. Tentowards the even more lliun it becomes party weaker,know .every man and all about hiin. The more el- Umesof public disturljance. In olden times sailorsmen wasfraternal war could treason, unless on one terminate this struggle for one the othersome show of mere prudence in the weak turning the other cheek to the strong, it can bc only nmsnanimity that refuses to return the blow ol weakness with thebut from conviction, he will be in no danger of tieioghtabut who haveand tiiereGovernor, a leader should one and all be absolutely waves began to roll lu heavily, or the wind.s to blow us-men who were servile to have.mobasetheircalculationson elseare nothingyou6. Next came tlie great step westward. The Texas that one is in the ascendant, we may believe tliut theless excitement or animosity he shows the more private but above lenal The passionlie keeps (lis dignity and vindicates his judicial office. Slucattog a Christian con-«clencecannotbedc^'radedbyarufffen. Themore asweUasof honor Thejudge duty right-ofS offools, leaving out that which eives potency and efficiency to BUBian movements. Like what the ocean would bemay occur to you that Iabout affairs of to-day in New-York-perhaps tlrifiingthat too was inevitable. Once let a bound be put around Slavery and say to her, "thus far and no—'I''P'<""=^^"i^^rinn asleaves liic intruder to be dealt with the minds the appeal by Up6nsome coarsewithout a word of vlndictlve- and let such reiiKdn if i ley a^y,wese the moonto forsake the Heavens, or the revolv-towards politics. Well, perhaps 1 amandherdoomishethey would choose. (SeeActs.)out .tk.vid tor among enoughfr-ar, pive up con- black skins, and w ho were born white only by mis-sarily give way. Theycannot be united,though theythe eoiidn(i of a judge when own conscience but his neighbors, and is wntung by considering proper not only aooTMJamillar with the habits, the tendencies and the secret 'EOingswJiichgoverntheactionofman.Butmentrol,andletherdrivewhither.-^ocvcrihe^tii^pmin^ut take.Muzzlesmustalwaysgowhereshackleseo.stiiBy.crymay be in juxtapcsiiloh. One or the other must suc-assailed upon the bench by some rude hand or voice. him to acknowledge a juiisdlctionPossibly ithistory—day of conflict js passing have been the strife.1 ^^terlon will ^J"!"^*^ wiU. b^torowuan prpHi-hin?before now or never should.» as weof not only thesedemanded, but that of the years ago 1 thought nothing butthere m feverisa:enougharm of strength- We understand this preceptbetterUtiith4. The war with Mexico, the acquisition of territoryand as in the old myth, a fasUdious de- discords are all removed. lOn this point, as nuglit bo dragon;exceeding,hall, which evinced a love for his Southern brethren,'^^^4'*s^i« worldin dueUme.and.safe to follow, but we ih'ould'' r„ would be of Omnipotence reign, and does he sleep forgetful of Slavery—and if Slavery is right then these things are 5. The destiny of this nationvhrn intestine evils and prohibited private retribution. Thus in Leviticus,^^ "°'^' rtence. which, humanly -n.'aU,'^''''';,"^"" .S^lif-other and tion. Ohto men for comfort greatand forwith un-spiritoflitigation that is so ready icwhen we lift^ over the is right,''^ "h.r^fye fools!oh!ye foolsrconsola-Does not the God a legitimate step—a step natural for the defence of mingled and unaffected surprise.]»ey can fouch bottom, tfiey have no fk>r, thev arf!5t:^,TT^-,""» ^^h "t*"" and t.Mihe?, V^^' faith. Do right—Bank up or Bank down, we shouldupon The third porUon of the discourse gave forth his vengeance in two ways—first. In the amount^ .enjoying themselves, Jiu suddenly they find th^mpublicfor full expansion.]private of thecounts an eye or a»t7us? • Be of good Cheer, 1 have overcome thegods, fcmper-tossedwhen its are uncrippled and lu powers at energiesmoreover, in densandlng of wTong-doers exactsatls-every n'""In all the toe MasterII,God's thoughtful and moral ^dnrovS!"?"' '^" those matters precious to him as the apple of nis eye? rightment over men and nations is irmVif""' K"""TM- Be men—be Christians—or die at once. Can you take manded for his daily dinner the fattest, fairest, plump- Inferred, Mr. Bxichee waxed eloquently patriotic,;poisedthe whole »K^m-i^outweigh*shpuld never»A grown wise, but not so in""' couni^el of money bags ? I fear yourher. so and as none can do more easily than he, the the children of my people, but thou shall love the water; ']°i<^.^J^° ,he greaterf Some part of pictured, as Hebrew law, balance of the the right,beforgoSln. L'co:nS"ti;inJ"'' grta^afe'' ,7"=" Dsny bovs do exceeding well In wa.'er TsionJ ,1theyyourcity legitimatelygot1«;^ '"eommunlty is wito;est damsel of the neighboringand that they are your idols. Don't let us be grai^tinftthe right of Slavery to be at all, we must give magnificent picture which opens up to this coimtry thy neighbor thyself." The^^s''''f; °";,"h"oie of toe weight, but onlyibut'ask wliich way points justice, humanity, truth, social purity,to It^uch fruits as may the system.It is but a single step nearer, to the recent events, he abolition of the Missouri Compromise; the des-Untitled DocumentexaiedebaacbesofjtisticelA Kaasas aa4 tbe JDredTM'Lf<, ,hb right shall prevail- ;TMi "uSness of the BeaStudes,;*^s^^s world."ness,desire above all things the success of God's cause.libertyIWhx) will aubz us af>er we aie gone ?We are butideas of the"Duties iacujobent upon Cliristians at this tune,"penalty exacted,avenge an insult with death, andare righteous-andbe demanded byThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comholes and seams of the old boiler,toem. and ifspiritual weapons cot deeperM ^-itsf|-«.n>i«legal peaaSr ftomWe must have courage to meet all the corur-Uiat 1. Ttiat God IS the supreme absolute ruler a/earth are round about his throne, and judgment Why, of and done them. quences of victory. Oi course we shall hear threats, Into the groundthe moment they to fear T Nay, let us trust in God, forgetting at no 6. In ail this aggression and wrong in behalf # a be done. This is but the beginning after all.;ortomutt fill all meanj) of education and tion of society n 1th the love of Liberty.and once down, you*U never get that '*and findfor end, and seeing now that their time has come, Eland up under all the perils ol victorybut Ifis its rulei—fatherdeed, beyond a certain ^oint, he intrudes upon the emphasis and an enunciation peculiarly bis own, he rupt day, he sent-not a king—but one poor man, triotlfm which takes in the whoie of our country. the tempft of the Uw, ao aa to make lanl doS^im^province of God. When men are beyond their depth Moses, who made his effort and failed. Then exiled We must show by our conduct that we are, and al- rather the triumph than the sappies&on of prima—when ihey are vainly attempting tnelr own salva- read the following text, wliich, with the context, may himself tn the wilderness, and after forty years, again, u-ays wtrct truer friends of the South than their cow- vengeance. Thoi then the goqiel broui^ cnt th»:— ofbe found InI Chron.. 12: 32.a man, asolitary shepherd,periodsyrripaihles.So thebeginningof thisgreatw ork was in the callof ;ofthe ills of life. Mr. B. illustrated the seces^on ofmany goodbut he wus proud, jealous and despotic.calling a the darkness of the night.who wouid'wish to cutTJff his head In order to get ridjurisprudence, by the aboUHoaof all torturesuits in courts and prisons, end the ose ofto in the adiap«Btti«»punish wrong majes^ of jn«tlee}iaaa»t-l» the petulance or rage ofpenooal annr.in ail the earth.^'—(Ps. 46maintains their operations. They are but words by Much of his time he had spent, between wars, in afew humble men. It was not Legislatures or Stateswhich we signify the ways in which God is ascertain- chasing David.' He had a peculiar spite against him. it was not Courts or Assembliesthe South a steamboat on the North River by picturing; It was not any partBDd IHI' Military Convention which is to be held ed to conduct himself. He haa not merely made these What had David done ? It would be difficult to say. oforgaidzed society—all these had too much else to in her rear as many canal-boats at her side,A'tttUnttwoi tan Minute Hen was appointed toiugging away with half a dozen heavy-laden barges —faithful. He_, ,„^^^ to cut civil law. It sets up a trOmnu pecolar to Uaalf aevery duty with scrupulous fidelity^Sovtk Gahdlna has unanimously passed the Conven- of cciiiidence in all tilings. Therefore, to a certain faithful adherent, a wise and good man. Yet Saul truest martyrs this age has seen. Many of them are the condition relative of the tugged and tuggec ? Just tried that do not belong to human courts, and beibra«mHU.found all [manner of fault with him, and kept theandof thisthey are attemptiog'to find out God.3. He is suprt^nej alsa, ovtr men* There are twofor this is the foundationan to bewhich, moreover, many questions may be ae( ere apt to be referred to legal tribunals. TheSENTIMENT IN ALABAMA.<A oorramos to bc callid—mLiiART movk- ways fn which we can act upon our feliow-men— At length Saul came to on end. His army was de- is a pleasant magnanimity to speak well of those from to scare us about it.kingdomin a turmoil with his foolishenvyanger.blaze. But a few of them are still withand Itthey won'tcut butlawthey expect by Spirit, The supreme law dd MX > QoT. MoOKS is absent from the capital; On his rather tlian submit to what might be a worse fate, ac- was to be dune. It was natural that David should be scourge of the Church and of its ministry. Much as I say the .«e things iuthe spirit of love and good-nature, much aim to set aade civil law as to preside in aUAv I he will lame an address to the people stating quiesce in our demand ; or we can, by reason of per- chosen King. And the men of Issachar were the lament his spirit and his bUndness, there never was a I hail the day which is now upon us. Oh '. the con- sphere, and where It conflicted with rrlsrtWrlTW suafrive price, or alluring temptation, influence them mtn of understanding of the tones. They knew what more stalwari and heroic man, in any age, standing trast with this and the days gone by. Once we are laws, it urged peaceful '-miifT rilhat ttalI at which he will call the Convention. He I that under the instructions of the last Leglsla-to do our will just as completely a.s by the other ought to be done, and they did iU The event justified up to speak against wickedness. Ages,are morejust united. North and South, all were animated by a violent resistance wholly in the spirit of ear MA.process.he is not authorized to call a Convention until boimds of the and at allmore prosperous, than under King David. To when we, and many thousands more, are sunk and for- for the common good, and selfishness was unknown. own misunderstandings, and at this fti aor* dayThe Divine Mind acta influentially in alltheir sense. Never was a reign more glorious, nor a than the years in which heroes live and work;and commonspiritof fraternal l»ve—alltilingswere done Before thisHigherCourtChristians adtusted ttairnow dead, o^ rather they have burst the bonds— world, and now truly live ; they glimmered here theresuch would be the positions relative of the North and the South, after the secession of the'latter. We hopetheyus,the rope;MKNta, tc. compulsorily and influentially. We can, by suuerior feated, and he slew himseff* Bad, rash men are fond whom, in so many essential points, we differ. I wish, left in us, and if it was impossible to scare us in the pietation of It which came from the greatest „i, ..^.^ " on their own swords. to raise voice in to the faithful- of the Revolution, with real war and of men «-*MosneoKUT, Friday, Nov. 9. physical force, say to men You shall work for me, of failingand the &ait of your toil shall be mine ;" and they, Then ail the people beganto consider what next tnoe-snsigohtt,such a mmayn as WillitaeustLilmotndy GAaaisoif the dhaoyws can with manifestations to dotroItub?le,I mrealtleodwsbipGod's enlightened by God's wofd «-f-::believe, indeed thathad a fair comely son, corrupt heart, long Atlantic slope will be represented in a har- trolled by opinton- Nay, our legal tribunals kasvhow apparently troubled is every part—some stood complaining in tiie gates of the neglect and injust- At that time I could have read the names of all the monious council—when the Palmeitu and the Pine their chief andHowthewaterboilsandbubblesandwhirls, power,butwasoverthrown,andridingawayfrom cwourlsdebeofcomnysidseerremdoan.miAldrcaibricdu,msftoanmciengmmaddog paansdseadaway,andwewillrisetogetherforFreedomaumeyandarms.to Gov.Mooai. Themilitaryare andyeteverydropisobeyingalawasexactthaendnice theconflict,waisncaanugohatkbtyretel.ieAhnaidrthoafthiissvheeraydgoaond sonwithanAbolitionist. Andthosewhocdoamrpeadrit-o periodstpheactnatchleloafttegrl-odrayysuchaswbilelonbgestonoothetro fold—tionwchaincgheithweasnateuxraectoefdt—hetopenaltyandalsoAmstreams meetbers to the Convention. In Northern Alabama the and yet all moves on for some definite spot pre- respectcontest will be betitreen separate State action and co- determined end. Have you ever been through Hell- tice of his father. He contrived for a few days to get Anti-Slavery men without interrupting much the will be entwined togethei, and all danger will be public opinion and conscience of ChrlsHiiinn. Tlwhung dangling•CgantxiDg. balance at the Mint. So, when we find men fruit tur an oak tree to bear and if every trailtor in avow themselves such had to bid farewell to popular- the admiring, wondering world. faction as would bring the offender to the rtciiuidtin its regulation as that which acts upon gold-glory, presented spirit reqture mtek satis-—aad equipped, have tendered their services to the think that the system is not working rightly, and that afi'ord to plant oak trees in the belts and groves all or honor.weighing ;The military companies of this city, fully armed in trouble, and all things going wrong, we are apt to this way played acorn, unwillingly, the country could ity almost to thrift, and certainly to advancement Hay God, m His infinite love and mercy, grant it. sense of his guilt, and of his need of •rw.n>H|nyi^" ^W.Not at all, God over the continent. The b—eginnionfgs of this strifeanwdere inanspicfioorus ofAjnen and amen.DR. OSGOOD'S DISCOUKBE.;aalon. A plan for secession will be organized next to praise him. ists of his day, for lack of the very quality wtiich was were the first outbreakings of a disease. The malaria-' of the West often will -veclu The Covemor, Supreme Court Judges, Cir- 4. God uses instruments that men cannot. Wars, praised in the sons of Issachar— urvierstanding ofof a —these are mere tools in the hand of Omnipotence. saw uo moral significance iu the events of the day in while there any chills or fever. It lies dormant tillfill theboth the Senators and all the Congress- revolutions, rage, wickedness of all sorts and kinds the signs of the times." They were stupid. They man who gets acclimated to It, without bringing on The Persanal aad Political Moral of the Ser- ai'tlons among all the better classes of peraous tatt*of Mobile will be against secession, buti-tenthsoftlMcountrydistrictsarefordisunion. somettiinganddosomething—andallothersareof Aou-,ifeverintheworld,menshouldunderstandthe hadbeengraduallyimbuingthemindsofalltheNorth ChurchoftheMessiah,ofwhichRev.Dr.OsooosIs usualideasofwhatucialledthehigherlawan'verymxan and lived in theTke Mbnite Men are organizing, and will have 30,- no account—it is only those that dive down deep, that moral meaning of events of the day In which they with its foulness, out it was unknown till the stimu- pastor, a sermon, whose leading points we subjoin, defective. Our Lord evidently aimed to pat'dtyMtSMBbers enrolled before Jan. 1.(that is, of good revolutions—revolutions thatpast.Uve.In books of history epochs andSlaverylating efforts of healthy, justice-loving men roused itveryone respect, wherein ttaA meeting of the leading politicians of the State of asleep.ence. His text was taken from Matthewv., 38,39a Convention forthwith. ftepeciae.No other course will satisfywhat a kitchen Isspecting a kitcHen could tell what a banquet is: nor sensible ifcould vou imaKine what the dye-vat and the factor? ings oi great things. chance of success was there ? But, it lived. How in the New Testament. A certain class oftake hold and subsoil all human affairs that are fit to l)e called revolutions.) He does not use them care-dates aremade,from itsIt is even Incredible with alreadywas preached by him to a large and attentiVe audi-also memorable art. There is a blank what venom and intensity of hatred the first Anti- by typograpnicalapea an lamedlate Convention. The citizens indorse forces of soul are like storm winds they are not fit chapter begun with capitals, and the' margin is made Almost every organizationThoef societythseet itself ;:evidently is not to disarm the onlyUpurpose—putlea has just been held, and resolved to insist to an end. Raids, wickedness, turmoils, strifes and space left when one period closes. There is a new Slavery efforts were opposed.transgressorsthat it hath been saidj an eye for an majice, but to open his mind tojasttoe.hiunaatty ami eye, and a tooth for a tooth : but I say unto you, that faith. To turn the other cheek Idstesd oi stiftincte action of their leaders. Gov.MoonhasnotyetreachedMontgometpr^twfll ondoabtedly recede firom his first position and callye resist not evilthy right cheek, turn to him the other also."lessly;he guides them—always with" Ye have heard,for children, or for weak and foolish men, significant with signs. So it is in books of tiistory, but against the new movement. family, school,but whosover shall smite thee onback is evideritly revealing the spirit of violea'ee tt>toys itself. The events dawn with while in the hands of our God they are powers affect- not in history grandest.;ing the interests of time and purposes man upon inspecting a banquet-room;we would see the beginnings and end- makers and venders—all cried out against it.Legislatures, Churches,Consistories,Presbyteries,SynodsandAs- could tell The greatest developments complete themselves, and semblies, Boards of Publication and Boards of Mis-fearful opportanlty of orrefu.^ingtodo,nowincoolerDloodwhatitoi No nomorenoisethanthe Starmakesin eternity. Morningare from a sight at the finished fabricMr. BxzcBxs here took up and analyzed the course w urld-renowned as another momentous point of time. ing the action to the word) raising it to see the deadof LuTBZB. What would his confessor have answered if any one had asked concerning his prospects for theit!highering insisting upon We are not to Retort violent words any more tautprayedfor him, considered him rather a hopeless case,links in the chain of gold by which God Is measuringI bad preached this ser-in our language, as wen as onr we ai»suppia^J,allowed him to Fhine forthand — happyTherefore, 1 propose—to think of itillustriously exemplified. rive some lessons.IWe ought from tlUs to de-They reject Itthe defunct traditions that were well-meant by amiable and short-sighted people in a bygone age, and have nothing to do with our day.astowin thespeech, and not try to overpower him by aathat may be more crusidng or loore embitteifitt wh infllctea by the tongue than by the hand. Una tteWe laugh—^they— and thank. II. To consider the relation of those results and policy in regard to tariff may go one way or another;with to the that foibids resistance to encouraging, why should not Its rebokea or;neitheryousignallyvels of faith and in believing what seems most incred- a proscription. How strongly It urges Cluiatians.was not there future ? Why, he would have snruggeu his shoulders, of Independence. Thev are all related. Tney are babes, but ClinstIt was like Herod after the grew the of ain their of the advocacyself. When we make swords, we don't deal withThe clouds are lowering. There is a profound them as we do with to-be-soothed babies, but we ought to do ! than the whole world. The orb oi time becomes itsadoaWedly call a convention of the people to devise aesis plan of action.TBE POLITICAL PULPIT.BSXBT WABS BKKgBB'B BISCOUBSES. from their scabbards. What did ihey contend with? even thuugh imiierial, munarchic or aristocratic in Devil went out of him. Peace" was the cry.what we owe toBut the Sixth of Novemberw ith the Landing of the Pilgrims and the Declarationbodyman.Suppose twenty years agoas It is called,Time, and fixing the eras ot moral develcmment.this world or joy in the world to come. We have entered upon a new day. The wheel is monto fuitow a Powerthen ? pelled from such extravagance, and convinced that a that the wrath of man worketh not the righteonsaessmThe misfortunes and trials of Lutaxa were the bap- turned completely around—tizing and education given him of God. One would revolution. It is fit that we should consider to-nightfelicityWhat a vast journey you nave traveledofGod. If,inouractions,wearetobekit has made one entire that after a wtille, God would have the lutrinsic and moral value of things done.You smileNever was the invincible might of weakness more as absurd or else lay it quietly upon the shelf among better cause, we are surely to be as gettennia iafaiNdly a lew In the streets.•iMallaa asaongst onr people. The Legislature will take the iron and beat it with hot fire, and we put 1. Yqu should remark the proof in a newform of the shield-it fights and conquers. Right is a host, theredidn'tGod, was Christian enough to laugh and enjoy him-prosperousTo give my interpretation of what things God thefe trials to be removed, for which tee thank God. tury past.and he, with his companions, prayed and prayed forI.has spoken by tlie voices of events, in the half cen-I. The power, over all resistance, of a moral prinri-ple steadily pressed. It cannot be destroyed. TheWhat Is our position, or what ground shall we hold spiiit of the Supreme Law is kindiy and toionat andwill take rank hereafterlawto act in iis spirit and not In the oppoalto temper-systemhe returns to the air of the eastern sea-board bracingio^theirLet us not resemble them. which develops it in its intensity. Just soNow,enforcing this supreme law the Sermon onupbooks,Atthein thethe the Caucus, Parties, College,itself, and it the givingcompletelyrising.and certainly no man upon in- modestly wait in silence. We must be sensitive and sions, Bankers and Brokers, jobbers and shippers, more opposed not only to our natural feelings, but evil," means literally, retort not evil, referrinajhaswAnd now anotner historic date is reached. The many times did Assemblies kill it? How many hund-and enthusiastic crowd of people, who have as- causes that produced it. eisnificance to this Continent. The Fourth of July is Ihey triumphantly place their foot upon it, and (suit- treme of superstition delights in multiplying the mar- so often tries to strike with a word and kill wtthMotrMOum, Ala., Saturday, Nov. 10.Mr. Yahot is speaking here this afternoon to a tell of the peace and prosperity of the world from the Landmg of the Pilgrims gave the first dates of moral red times did resolutions squelch it? Howpften did like it the l>etter on that very account, and as the ex- quent spirit of what is called moral argument, wUdacanthis rebukes the fre- readingnow— thenhowdifferent yetcertain precept cannot be carried out.all'to give the Injured party a clearer Ideaof the food- ness of God and the power of his rightfowsn— -^^ result has )>een to establish an order of soeie^ not against law, but In a sphere nnerally abontta piM- allies of the criminal law, aiu to satHnlt maaaaBaS!forbeariac offender to use his ownfreewUliv*ot banks or economiesIII. To inquire wliat things further Christian men ly —but a question of absolute truth, purity, is mightier lence shall be left free to Its own course, without any generous respect for human rightst Too fltUa In-events to the Future. questionsmayturn indifferent-ties be administeredit tinder the trip-hammer, which smites it as if thunder essentially ruinous nature of all despotisms. What is can be no doubt or question of its triumph.We will do neithernot oDiy urges righw, but dutieshad kissed it, and we put it through ail imaginary tri- a despotism T Any Government which employs its II.powersafety ofSpeech.'ourselves,butbe fit for the hour of battle, when we force lor its own benefit at the expense ol the gov-als, that itmay trust our lives tu it, and when it will not fail us. erned. Any Goverrmient may be despoticSo when God made our Puritan fathers, he ma'le spirit, not the form. On the other hand, all Govern- down, and convulsed him and tore liim. The politit-— ments wtiich are maintained swords,andtheywereswordsofGod swordswhichmayit is in thethe approach of the Saviourthedemon cast the boy "law of rectitude in to personal altercation. oppositionSee, you peoplegenerallyregrettedhavingcausedtospringtheinterestsofthecitizens,areessentiallygood-havedonehimliarmrathert*h'angood."AndyettheHow were they re- form. Despotisms wear themselves out, and all Everyman's policy was to let Slavery alone. But Tata is Gad's OrerraUag PTOTidenee—What garded by the great, the wealthy and the powerful ? things basecfinl the, violation of justice must, sooner isn't it better to be convulsed, and rid of the Devil,Israel S^oald Do. XOKNUO BIBTICI.How Jid they t>ear their trials ?Here Mr. Bxicexa reviewed at great length, with or later, perish, or else there is no Divine Government than left In peace and"be possessed ?wholly:liaiv Vindictive againet;and in men of Christ's day would have said directlyOur subject, then, isThe Other Cheeky or the Supreme Personality.we value all human Jaw in proportion aa it s later stages of the Puritan struggle, showing that all of the same thing. The despotism of the plantation see them do something." But free speech is spirit of God, as made known to the filial soul and enb property, life, liberty and toe nappineas of a .power and most eloquently, the ^ly, middle and in this world. We have had before our eyes a lesson Some men say:Oh, these talking men, let'scial customs and civil tribunals, but in the word andwasagreatdayatPlymouthChurch.humanjudgmentwasutterlyatfaultconcerningdiffersfromothersonlyinbeingbolder,moreirre- God'ssafety-valvefortheworld.WhenpeopleiiodiedinthepeculiarprinciplesoftheDivineKingdom.enjoyingGodandhumanityInatruefialthandi them and their actions, and that a Divine plan had sponsible, mure entirely subject to temptations of are not allowed to speak revolutions and wars burst The meaning of Christ in forbidding altercation and ad^ The too common idea is that, to the name cfYesterdayTboassnds of people gathered there early in the been followed theaa in each and of our avarice, lust and arbitrary power. Such a system by every stepMoniag—It having been announced that Mr. Bzsoaia great ancestors. The struggles and trials of Weslbt, carries with It inevitable weakness to all elements offorth. When the safety-valve Is wide open and the rather than is obvious frorfi science, one may practice any severity, aad that it vising patience retaliation,-sraoldpreacha sermon relating to the present state his companions and followers, were illustrations of good, and growth on^y in elements of evil. It wearsescaoe for the pent-up forces except through the rivet-the most weighty, we ought to be very carafolin^plyingtalking in South Caroling [Laughter.] The safety- follows an exhortation to His disciples to let their rashlytext,hesaid,superficial meaning isto do in passion. The passage ren:lered, '* naist ndt dlflereut verb is commonly used to expreas the latter1Metropolis. Fharlsaiac spirit moreover that had so enUned ttwardlyoriginal plicltreally they mustn't try We have a little of Bunker Hillof the Christian was not of man's en God's, and that was to be regarded as thein its mostThisWhat also to our reason and conscience, than any other text taunting reply more than to retaliating blows, riiiiiii aible, so the extreme of Inthe difficulties of dulteygalnidsmin delights momsatgnify- what seems most impossible. The consequence* is;blows deeds,valve is open—let the steam blow off and we need not light shine, as from a candle-stick, upon the surround- of the sermon on tiie Mount, for_ —ofenaersdtoh.ebursting.Barkingdogsdon'tbltodumbingdarkness,andtheirpureprinciplesworklikesalt tahacnodmeaUonfgsoicniatlhespirit?ofWtoeNaerewnotto—supremacy betrayed by the Judas kiss,yond question to suffer ideas and institutions, and were readyThe best rebuke of false is not but liberiy bondage,6.but thelanguagetemperpersonalanrl hisot histhe Stale^^f'^ha^ti! ^^sure,snot but it is no small thing that a yet,us to sacrifice our conncttoBS to interests We will not forget, 1ioweTer,.tiiat ha> c consciences as well as we, and that OQrawas — or oftheiconvictions, expect tlKirareBiudied a whole and men do not average much. be had. There is a certain kiad of free speech and and trembled, how were their hearts rejoiced to hear' railing, would pause, and make the offender pause J. The tone of private and public life would sig^^theniMofQod.3.9kM*doUw»»calculateonlyfromknnulnlseof i.exi^llis troubleand areallfrom anger, by some act or attitude that would enuce a Kind and generous iieart, sure enough, of its ownverySi.eiice,exceptpraisekinds,its fall v^ouldsoon So begin.iheirfor toeparliament. Press and church would catch aomethtogof theInfree discussion allowed even In South Carolina, in their men, hurrahing, say, "it has stopped rismz.'*for us.andAlabama. It is thatGeorgia free di&cussion "Tlien they knew thatwith minorities for aprivate levenge.instinct of the animal nature to return evil for evil,and he was regarded as a mild man who should be content with doing an enemy as much wrong as the plespeakerby the attack on John QomcT Adams, In Congress, forenemywasthe spirit of investigation, which, in God's provi- in the public mind-such a over ele-Sevently, we should pity those among us who are say,manrignt turn to him eye,personally,up its presence felt, which treated ofto niake Sometimes men, even wUist indulging their conceit and self-will, denoun<» their sacrifices,andexactself-indulgenee.he.stopped, Slavery toneighbors for not making painfulence that it should be for caimot Prophesying,no means surrenderscumb— cannot serve God and Muismon, and nowvictory.It is the easy dictate of mere-aa toOfftimlttand that tooin a betterspirittoan trato. The tnrable Is with os^i^ . ,, , ,, .. Isince often bums to private revengeblue_dependent uponthe corruption. Then He insists upon general theusages playrightsbrought down, that which was oppressed is being vbiyndictive words that provoke malign passions. He than toe minority over toe majority. Our volea, in- brought up. If you are in a cause, first see if it is counsels His disciples to make every act of worship deed, decide our civil laws and magistrates, bat toer grounded on God Almighty, then talk it. Don't let an act of charity, and bids them, before the altar, con- do nut make or unmake our primal oblintians sadandbe the sacrifice or cost. He condemns swearing,and urges a direct and simple affirmation as better than any adjuration. He then passes to the subject ofoutto him the left—an act thut intiicates more a disposi-onfly whatever heart,law-suit The chapter closes with the exhortation to of toe conditions of fellowship !A fair-minded atankindly feelingforbearance are ;tlso not extreme ones, and he great j-acrifices to them.ultralsts Idea. Howtelling as not golf what we owa to o£ cept and approve it as the affirmation ol the supreme neighbors. It is dangerous only when half appre- hended, and if he who talks only of rights beyond^ir- man codes may be a destructive, he who talks also of duties above such codes Is the true cimsemtiTe. Such conservatives we need, and tbey are pooresoak- eiswho4hink that toe Supreme Law must be saert-but wholly visionary theorizing ?;1.ConsiderfirstwhatthatSupremeLawis stated or implied throughout the whole New Testa-ment, and which makes the substance of the Sermon ficed to formal precedents, instead of beiof aeennd ha. on the Moimt. Evidently, it was not to be sought for a true civil order. Allowing every lo<»l jurisdiction in the animal instincts and natural passions, nor in so- its legal right, we still hold our allegiance to God, aad(K steam is screaming and roaring away, there is nodan- the whole tenor of His previous words. He began His proo) of exalted prmciple to deal in proecriptlans aad ger. But when the safety-valve is shut, and there is no discourse with blessing the poor in spirit, the mourn- excommunications. But surely, if moral penahiesaroWe learn the; but seeking candidly our Lord's meaning, we will ac-;andFreeWhen the demomac boy was brought to Christ, at-is,whichciple of not retorting harstmess or retaliatiog mjury, the weaker towards the stronger—and if there niay be and note toe consequence. If he does it not from fearof thettie author. The true man always occupies a time reveals morepeace,u"-!!' to|it censures thelo EO to law at every opportunity. The Hebrew law but only tJ^f, ba-J?"^! i°„ water, or move two weightsxix.. 19. we find these memorable wordsare^Shaltnotthe•*"Thou avenge jujt bear any grudge againstthatfacfion for the a check wrong done, putwidemned,powerfrom thesanctioA^ftliaenUeitinkxH," common sense or eao- science, stirs toe worst passions, and is tn danger ofIswielded to such aand thepower quickenan ablowwithdeath,and conscienceinsteadofoverpoweringIt,andtodovAatandtoem in denouncing as- miscreants all who do not ac-thethe friend of justice and humardty. Let notour nei^whose imciests are to some respectsbors, agalnsteur-temperLet a man practice a stogie week upon toe prto-nally changebetter,every home, everyapproval- we f,^Wmighi keep^}°lf^^cs.ch other;we are not t?liftMoses or laaUemphatic In nntaC general priaclpKuKcaiMefS-law, gospelhassorelybrooshtanewaothoiltjrtoIk-| in toe same mildteaumade akez-princi-  4,-*itt.-..