 .years$16.040Atterbnrv. Jr.,.aay, traffic, all Indicate this City as apowerlo his own right to appoint or remove any con- personnected with It, of coarse he cannot comenand Its ad- mlnlatratioD, and abould not be held responatble.but for what purpose bad nut been named.GuTfinor ULivsa thought be should have beenNew trial costs to abide event * granted,..anyDXFABTIIKHT. cognizanceGoveriiorT.Piacuiavit tobeunder-^JgE^CITKjfiaVEBNMEHX. of Ihe Cmhim Ha adBoaltaail hBTBlMaamorefattOBatelaalaettBgcAoer* itaan ttiar public aarraatk.loraw'fa"ca.hsoUskfsrasi^ ttaaa fer the lawtnto'proceed-..'etUtea to an taealoulable extent, and j et tbe Mayor sured sooner or4S, $800' AldWBMi BoouWeonanden— kry,by W.the action elf the three man.;GiKTUUEN:aiid ruin to whicb we are now soamouitflng of 20 per cent,$:• 7*,CooncUfor 1M«.TsnTine... J«aes AUen• r g. yoor atuetlta to tfaeia. If they shall ba faand ao- haaehargaoffteCrotoeaquedaot,TeaaniDira,warfcsend pa<i|)eity oonnected with the snpply aadtUstrlba. reptshla, I shall be happy to cooperate with yoa iaby the (Jity Chambariala fsr object aaymove the appointment of a special Com- mittee to Inveatlgata tbe matter.1762540,000 615,900directed to this subject before an incubus is fastenedUpon the State Court. Cor. Schuyler, Chas. Smith, Jas, Smlther*. in process of erection In Oolral Park,,early day,new reservoir other TUs Court bad uniformly, previous to those decia- Sam'l Thompson, Geo. M. Wheeler.872,715 cape. In Intrtxluclng it now to their notice, I have including rock excavations and fundamental icna, held tbat contracts of that description were of The oath having been administered, the Judge i^but discharged a duty. work, there ha* been expended thus far, $H1.392 49. a maritime character, and within the Admiralty jurist livered a charge, which comprised nothiw bat lb* Thelayingoutand improving the.Central Park, Mapsandcalculationsofthetopogrsohlcalsurveysof dictionforthatreason,although In this country de- pointsrequiredbytbestatute. TheGrand^ryama»*TVatalOE • OF SlibTOB WOO»^ NeMa*ny«>a«be«ee.fB06EAMME OFTHB NEW S86IME. r^hMiA of Aldwmen met at noon on HoniUy,,.M tioo of water tn the City ; of the ooBsnetloa, r^air tbetr aooptlon.aad claBBiBg of the sewers ; of paving, repavtsg. aalafter the amount authoilaed to be ralaed by taxthersforU ex- pended. Dnder these circumstances it would seem that th» street cleaning moat be stopped imUt the Tax Levy Is passed, unless the Common Council immedi-fl&t0^0QB MBA Innice valae of the a deMvar*«-te the lavsrtaaay tine lo«t •Abted ka ornnlzMbm.aadupon the aporabadvaiae-for«^Ileglslatlra departnentCourt, representedwerepraeeat.<FERNANDOWOOD.Mayor.Hall Policeallyumiervaloatlon, amountlBg to »»11 48, aad I tbi* action to recover tbenaam*.BOTCd thatCtalnuayre (••., aad th« motton wat eantad.WM»l><lhit Alderman Pmx be cb^na Frealdent bjbealthy( ai>d unfit for his occupancy, on account of KIT ELECTCD PUSIOSIIT, AHD P. O. MOLOVIT' the delicate state of his hralBi The Judge presentednot a«>ealed fhim the appralsmeat, ttay hswaws_t.s»M any (Ejection to Irregularity in ItAldermin Gran beVoder the reetricUonaof the Charter are youupon Mayorthatpeople city od dIstJBgolslied aa this abould enlarge the comprehea- AMatmaa Caaaxu OMTOd as an amendment that*' slonof your duties, and enable you to perform themIt Is conducted comparatively up-n the same cloee corporation principle as the Almahouse Departmaat Many of its present dutlea having been conferred upon It by tbe Charter of 1857, It Is impossible to give a lair statement of the amount of the forwith What .-agojustice of the Judge's complaint, and appeared to think that suitable rooms for the Court might be ob-aetica of asantapsitThat tbe penialy Imposed does not taketh* qnaetkm wnPmgov-appropriationsIt doling the past ten yean, nor is it possible to sayPaes be ^daelarad President ky acclama-with a stem fidelity aad a just pride. If New-Yorklathe firat city of the Western World, her local enunent sboold be made to approximate. In a degree at least, to that pmminence. Her rulan, to trulv represent her people, should Imitate them tn eaterstHloed In some other botbood.partof the Hall, or inthennigh-turn e<mthla actlaa.Jadgmeot for the GoraramaBt, tharvfaia, <n Urnpot traasaaallKiouy elected.economyTBI 8TMR DIPABTimtT.creaseof01 overthenumbernamedinthe ing reportLAir RBPORTa. DECISIONS IN ADBIIKAI.TT.78 only, with coats.to vote, usdAIderraanit is now administered. being.^^those of tbe New. Her existence Is In as cipal governmentCorporation. They are tbe tenure of two year?, unless soovar removed for caoae, had not l,een. He w'as likewise of the that overruled.:cost on the appeal to Iwoaab-^Trhaagrae0Tit7 oai7 Insured br the malntenanee among hereeople of seatlmeuts and opliuons in harmony with the sights ana interests of ail portions of tbe Confade-opiniontbe Denuictatic members of the Board couKI n'>t bein the and abide tbe cause,nef..aoqnliiag a more metropolitan character and posl-TBI riHAHcrup report.brought to recover demurrage on a charter of tbeOrtg A. B. Van Olinda, Tbe charter was for a voyage10 Demerara with lumber, and provided tbat the cargo Tratk vs. Jonee. Motion denied.tMU- Its relations to the whole continent aretrial granted.Verrett va. M>U«Ti<.—Order aOnatt wib ooala.^This' ati gthaiilng its resident popalatlon well repre- Comptroller, who Is elected by thehe was— Harlekomevs. UnionMiUit^— atatsanaatioiisofinfiuinceintbewsridatthisdepartmentjurisdiction of the;It has reen bow little absolute control the Mayor has over the caucus. He had been asked If be waa out, goingits facilities nf travel andlUaewspaper press,it* edaeaUesial lostiratlonsgniiaeatieof a system that, ramifying the whole— thrills at any aasatilt atandmonetary Interests have been concentrated here. Tbe MayOr,therefore,beingwithoutauthority,canInno way be made responsible for its administration. It may not be out ol place to say that there is a confidence ia itsthebut he hud not been and he did not ;one of its ex- ffwlUbeearpart so to legislate that popnlatlon,CITY IKSPICIOB'Swishedof all matter* af- stouo that the Board was absolved from any Imagined'MOe, trade and mannfactures . itMortitecnrliy and prosperity. Besides this, '9Ma, wo have a duty to our owa people, a do- i.dnty to add to the security of life ana propertygeneral;cleaning the pabUe streets;binding1ha«zleBdaii of our noble aqueduct and reserroin, in tho-oooipletien of ttiat great central public piaasoretbat, rising Uke magic, elicits unirersalpanefaTeryday'slife,andthatrendersthis Citysovision er control over to it. in reaux under him, are appointed and removed in the anything appertaining Eame mode aa in tbe Street Department. What haaBeoj.Gov. Oliver received ?. Gov. W. T. Pinknev receWedOn tlie recond ballot, Ibe vote stood Gov. Berj. F. PinckneyGov. Oliverof a full Board. 5 3 15prin- cipals, the charterers, were exempted from liability.: giMad,to this. The Mayor, without should not:ap- '.prtbattoa: in (tanilahlngaddlUuoa! facilities forjsblp- pteg, aoii in sncuring those cocTeniences that are a;wasA^ IFHgkt.—Injimction dissolved' upoB do-'bea»T.nor do I cease to hope for tbe remission, yet it Is ^paseat that tbe necessity of a dty that annually s to Uapopolationalxty thousand souls, and thatmembers time to consult.When the Board waa railed to order again. Gov.other Pier. The libelants alleged, that on thatto an sgreement. Aa be deslred^an organization, he the sloop Thomat Hali^ of which the respondent was Jiulice Leonard.— Ht. Justicewould staie that he -would withdraw in favor of W. ov^ner. came In and desiring logo Into the slip, called on the Bench of themay Indpresent mana^ment TH« tAW.J%tw-York Exckttnge Company vs. De order.Watfa^by la-'ttaHiusti I atlon of tbe public health, in the maia- ple, and Is not responsible to tbe Mayor or any otherIts existence, In which all respects as the present Incumbent. Ibm gaaerai tennment calls for a class of conreiti- TBI FOLICE.la.CBCeai adontineats and comforts for every individual, The Police Department Is also Independent. BymcDcemept of my 'yaatlngmtoagbapbaseofadmlaistratlon. SOABD OI SCPERVISOBS.Iy«onardtook:hl>(aiftwimovt parallel, cannot be supplied Without a tbe Metropolitan Police act, passed^iiias tm~ttt ef taxation that is formidable. branch of the public service was placed under the di-The Board of Supervisors, under the construction same.the the to thewhich the ship-keeper refused to do, whereuoou the the Court he dispatched Hke an old band. Hialabar togethiir, and while I shall have occasion for Toar aid ia tendering the progress of tbe business ofthe ftoard orderly and correct, I sball aim to dis- charge the duties of tbe cbalr with entire impartiality andwithreferencetothepublicinterest.tirelyassump-PiBKMal GovernorFor libelants, Messrs. Beebe, Dean & Doooghue for resDondent, Messrs. Benedict, Burr & Benedict.Aldataian SsAoam moved that Savd T. Viuimin Illegal Interference, offer physical poUcapreslstance.enormousadditional ferred ufjonburden, besides creating inex- P. G. Molohit wasthe*by1653On aotioDaBOofAlderman Tnoaar, a Committee, con- 1854 under the Police Act of 1853upon them, from which It will be Impossible to es-Isllac of Umself, Aldermen Hxaar and StAxa, was 1855 under tbe Police Act of 1853tobifonntheMayoroftheorganizationof I85«underthePoliceActof18531857 under the Police Act of 18531658 under MetropollUn Police Actof IS57..1859 under Metropolitan PoUce- Act of IM7.. 1,201,<192a^ofiitadtSa BoardAldannan Coanu, Platt and DAxaxon were ap- ptdatad^to convey the same intelligence to the Board of COBBctlaien.819,400 828,500 825.500 888.548of a newhands of Commissions, over whlbb the Mayor has no^^ipervision. However faithfully these -Boards mayi.Ucharge their trusts, the system Is liable to tbe objections urged against others.And thus is constituted the Executive Governmentthe Croto* V»lley bavs been completed during the prived of all or liens in rem unless clothedprivileges^;City Hall, are alsoInthetbe Board accurate knowledge as to thethe local law of theState. It seems to me, however, that the decisions above referrod to nec-essariiy abrogate that distinction,and In the contract not to be maritime in It* declaringnature, necessarily deny all authority in the Admiral-thenand acquitted, and the Co^ adjourned tlu to-day.and on motion of Alderman Coxmu.,and the erectionconducted to their rooia.'Aim McKee, charged witb grand larceny, wa* trieAAldermaa BaxBT moved that the rules governing the laat Board gixvera this Board until otherwise or- dered. It was carried.By the ratio of expenditure for the pasf year, which Is far less than It will be, tbe cost of the Police for ten years will amount to t>etween twelve and thirteenCity.of new waterplpe, costing $92,452 01. In repairing and rebulloing old sewers, and repairing culverts and manholes, there has been expended $31,0tjl. ForCaleadar—Wedaaadayt Jaa. 4.Aldaimkn Comnix, from tbe Committee appointed to wait npon the Councilmen, reported mat that Board was not yet organised.against persons and property which are continuallysponsibility and power should go band In band. It isfor respondents, Messrs. Benedict, Burr ic Benedict.THE BOARD OF COUNCILMEN.I -erMMIB A* 4Stkeand Youian•rlbaWuiiTtoAiM baUot reaBUed.as fMlowa'.'..Jt.'TBI oMmm.I«*»l»B<>r made cosB&g aae,,_„,i..iAaotlMr baBat waa takea, with the aama result,aad tbaa ISe Boardatelyappropriatlanto S P.M. on without haying eifeotad an arganltalKm.BATOR WOOD'S MBSBAGB. Haroa's Omoa, Jaa. 3, 1660.lb lie FamorttUe Ikt Cenunon CmmeUBETTER ACCOMMODATIONS FOR THE CITY HALL POLICE COURT.Police follows 1850heavyL.Sam'l W.Bass.WjHieBIuk.-account for the last ten:have been asloss su8t<doed the lower distrlburing resdrvoir by the burning of theadjoomed:To yon b^s been intrusted theanarchy apeedllr tending.alao a a^oftbe City Goremmeat.JusticeWxisb,of tbecalledrequired to pass such ordinances and municipal regvlatioos as will prorido for the better improrement, protecUoa,THE BOARD OF GOTERNORS FOR 18N. TBS KSW OOTIBKOBS BWOKH IH—BBRJ. F. PIHCE-BeU »j Ike Cetirt—That as theAlderaian Bmitb mored that D. T. VitXHmn be^DdUi Clerk, bat immedlatelj wlthdrefr tbe motion prise, taitagrlty and tnteUigeaof. Of lata years the the Corporation, bemg inuusied with a wl.ler fieldYour call -cftarAedaUberaeiona of a Body whose orisindatea with the tmadallon of the City Govemmesr Is an hraor for which I can but deeeiy feel grateful. It liThe Charter clothes the two Boards of the Common rooma of the Corporation, tbe Court rooma for whichpanyiotaed with those of tbe new members of tbe Board la this flattering expression of confidence.Aa we, to.da7, gird oiuaelTes for thetta dotleala tbatt part of the goTemment of the CitrwlMilw*hai«aasainad, It Is not posaikle to escape tbb wlBtlusi *at all tbe signs of tbe times indicate that -oarMef taria l> one filled with serious respooslbtl- Itlas respaetlag our owa domestic aStin, as well as thofeethatoaaoerntb«wholenaflon.iaitbfuliy performed the reaponsibUlty lies thereforthe construction, alteilng anil repatrfug of .gfthe injury, or what It wouldproduceon sale.Atemporary injimctioniras aHowad. bat aftarOi*1can ianot thus defined. Tbis ls~difi\ised and uaeertain. It Is disremlnated among several Independent depart-piers and blipsLaw.—Weldon vs. Tke JVne- York and BmHtm^Tm-C^^atTWof the Weatem Hemisphere, recelres over theifoaaf Iha ocean tbe products of tbe Old World, aflOfbirtbe thousand roads ore r tbe land, accepts inExecutives, separate and Independent of each other, tbe Mayor having 1K> supervisory control. These de- partments constitute tbe whole administrative muni-bead of thetondepartment ho derives hisLike the officers ofthe Cro- firM In-the value ot tbe vesael be set aside, and that tkecosts.discharge;engagedrtlsatlaaa the injunction, and renders judgnaeat ia ttrot afoftbe lem-trlngmri,d TGov«rcor W. T. Pmixxr said three members ofthe Republicsn ride of the Board bad consulted, anddestroyed lor tha service In which she wa*at the time, does not lorm tha criterion of loss to her owner, to be replaced by th* colliding vessel, but the sum she would produce on public sale In her condi-tion at the time, or which would be to re- necessarystore bbi 10 tbat condition If reclaimed aad found le-undtor advisement tmtll Dalt now. JudgeCouncil with ample authority In which tosupplies are funilabed by tbe Corporation, tbe police slatlon-boaaes, the engine and other bouiies of the Firelitui by Ike Court—That the rule of law regulating damages to property by maritime tons, is that ofperform these legislative fuoctloua There lus been no im-and bad each of them ackiiowledged III*TeitUiUio in mlegrum^ or compensation equivalent to ment ef mortgage, and that the pUmttff eoold awaaw,Public Education, tbe Croton, the Streets, tbe Citywbii'b removalrequirea tbe saaotlap of a majority of bll tl.r member* electeo to tbe Board of Aldermea. The Superintendents of the aereral bureaux, how- ever, can be appointed and removed by the Street Commissioner at pleasure, without accountability to the Mayor, Aldermen or Common Council. It Is IDusFor libelants, Messrs. Benedict', Burr & Benedict for claimauts, Messrs. Owen and Vose.;eventlieit-York and BarUm Railroad Cam^mmf SB. B'U"a"Inspector's,andtheSupervisors. Iproposebrtaflyto It is undeniable that this City Is constantlr allude to the duties ajul perogatlves of each.alone.say tbat when came on exceptions to a Tlie action waa WiUon V*. DtMccUL—Judgment leteiaed aad aVvIs under theexclusive charfre of ail matters appertain-Gotetnor SartB saidnot Invited to attendentireandte the affairs ing fiscalpeople.of the Corporation. Under thetnlsbranchefthepublicservice. Withouttheshould be aischarged witb customary dispatch, in not exceeding ten working daya. The biH of lading taken by tbe defenoanis consigned the cargo to Irving & Brothers at Demerara, and the master of the vessel testified that he was delayed by their direction three daya, in beginning to unload hia cargo, and waa then placed by their order* at a wharf so encumbered that he was further delayed large portion* o( six otherday*.Het4 by Ike Court— That this was a charge occa- sioned by the fault of the respondents within the pur-the should have first seen that their .cargo, theyhuwroMat Camfmmr—Lakenan vs. GrinneU.—Judgment for plalBftifffihramount of verdictFUickfT vs. i>>alrerMr>.—JudgmSBt wA aflnaed,costs.BanJr of tke Site ef Neie-York n, UmrOf tl 0,—Same order. .<Charter,by specialacta of tbeLegislature, theInvited, Board boundthink theThe bead of this department Is electedIweights meaaurea, and of the locatioa and con-—Gov. Townsend absent 9 vote.^ cast.view of tbe charier The pal ty.Porter vs. IfttcAeit.—New trial ordered, abide event.T>o l!>eaIjditeeantt_aninio<unnTncced "a Message from tbe or the Common Council know nothing. Iu affairs bubject. Upon tbat occasion I pre^entM the plat-and In case the vessel iscondenoned or lost on the voyage, the party of theforwardsold The agreement was performed as to the outward $6,158,145 toI the Reader eocamenced to read iu After friMd a brief portion of it,are conducted llketbose of every other cloee corpora- formwhich I shouldinto the canvass, and my official course, ifoffice waa for sev-manypublicpoetageby po«ana*ter* during_nw> Sxnt moved, as tiie message was longaad mmdMa were anxloua to get away, that the leadiBC bannanded, and l.MO copies of^ tbe docu-ment ba pviBtad. 1850which woulderaldays besieged bythose who were entitled to thethe cargo or passengers toope*AUatman Siasxibt moved as an amendment that 1881388,000 1856 300,000 1857 385,000 1858 4Z7,000.]8»9—M^S.OOOcoplas be printed.Alderman Gxxit 1,000 thought185J1853 -jeS4theysues to recover damage* to tbe amount of the passagemoney of twenty-seven passengers.HelU bv Me Co«irt—That the true construction of thecharter party Is that the libelant was bound U per-to become entitled toform the full voyage, compen-onroute*, 8,733 ; expreas agents,aaj a "-was Aldannan Tiomit—Let's commence well i—a thou-unlooked-for delay In paying them off. which mustcontinue until the Tax Levy for 1860 l8~p»ssed by thewaa felt these. Comptroller Legislature, seriously byHaws had no authority, of course, to draw his war-special mail route*, S,4$3 j rontsand.Alderman SsAoti^T's amendment wasAlderman Gxrst'b motion prevailed. Tka. M;and ayor'a Message is published in anotherTotal for ten yearsTSePrastdent annonnced the reception of tbe An- nnal Bapast of the Croton Aqueduct Department forshallout their wishes. Those wbo expect a reform without asked Mr. Srori whether he would not per-Libel fllfmissed wlibeosts. For libelant, Mr. I>e Forest;copiesenough.488 total number ufaad kiaal s seeotwis, 144Xr.rejected,My opponents took npon people Inmyturn. It is estimated tiy cpmpetenl judges that tbe fioiree, have a right to expect that the necessary amend-rants in their favor, and the City Chamberlainthem.wasISW.aaioftkeqimrtsriyltaport the Ciiy, and a UimlDUtton of miarioaar far tha last three months. It Waa directed per* taapoaed uponcon- senteti to do. and for a fortnight past he has been fur-respondents, ChoatCAMAOfg TO CAROO.Ztbulon S. Ely, el al v*. Tke Schooner George S, Adtims.—This was an action to recover $139 75dAin-48^:sppeairiBigThe power* of tlila Board are vary extaaMra. U upon by (he Commoa CotmciL Feradt bm to callHen. The Board of Governors appear to be the only theparties conversant with the mysterious workings of elected.its Inside direction, Tbe following sums have been Tbe basis of thisfirst part (the libelant) not toappropriated for it during tlia last tan years $400,000 iSSi.:words813,450 " I am in (hvor of ens bead te the Corporation, which J-iJ.OOO shall possess authority to enforce prompt obedience to 843,800 the laws by offlclala and tbe people, believing tbat this 805,000 City requires a strong ooDSoIIdate-l KOTemment. having 780,250 sufficient Inherent vigor and legal iu<lepentlence lo com-Better have asfor theturn voyage, and no Oemand made for tltem by the li- purckaaer*, $47,014 averageHe should not be made responsible wlthoQt the ne- nuracTion butko ao obgasizatioit. tem Is complex and Intricate, wanting simplicity, cessary power. No merchant, tradesman or me-—TheBoardofCooncilmenfor1880metatnoonon aplioltyanduniformity. Thisdecentralizationcausesby negligenceof December to the 3l3t of December, 1859 Mea, ered of the vessel, aad may. If they settled the friend* of the guilty party.It waa firIfaaata aa ttair names were called. tiJohn Bona,   rredBdiwagw.Jr.,JatoMcConnell,ThOBsaa O. Hall,Samort T. Munaon,Alazaader L. Shaw, ~^—» C. Kane,Tbe;Barrls Bogert.Morgan Joaee, JosephSbannon, JameaBums,done much to elevate the rising generation.The Free Academy is distinguished as being thebest institntion in the where a collegiate country,thorough university education can be obtained, In-tis, 11cancer, 3cholera morbus, 1 ;is ^the fkct, we are glad to„^ -Hau' moved that CounsUman Pom- \mmgnithatCooacUManSaavbe; inflammation of the atomaeh. 3la bound the marcbaadiie to ae laden on charterer*The' aaaildiBaBt waa carded by a vote of U to 7, aadttareaolntloawaaadaplad.Tke-Ctak -SHiaiatsil OoaacUaeB Tas Tma andTawBSBaa a Commlttea to oondoct tha President item,totheCbalr.At tiris jnetnre a Conmlttee bom tha Board of Al- aanaea entered, and anaoonced that tha Board of Al- dermaa bad oiiaalaed and were na4y to Moeead to1 the brain, 1 ;3 small ;pox,1soitentJagbBsbieaB.or for a of sixper aaaum, family penoasa taxLegislatnra . conJaace with these view*. I shall spare no effort tomrtlm a5^«m Booait sMved to Carried.to claet a _£ n I^SfWant fn ttm. tppolntad Messr*. BxTiuanum- 100,000, average^'^fitat.aad Hiu. TeUers.c«Auuu«a irvemavntlvtms accomplish girwesafte,;..hTbe $39,000 added to the appropriationa of 1859, by eel and the cargo libeled haodf tchoentcihnanretedrbegiaatu gf la* moeth.M»a. then•agreed that the election sheuM be byncBditura at $l,100,af 0. the aaanal axpenae of teaeh- Inireach pupU is but $13.These gratlltmg facta, however, do not dlaatpate the grave erroi* la paimtttlBc any deputmeat to dl>-tbe Common Ceunell, for street cleanlog, let It be borne In mind, wa* made te cover tbe arrearages of that year. Tliere la no money appropriated at the preaent time for street cleaning. Tbe Comptroller baa addressed a communleaUoa to tbe City loapector,oelant since tbe exoeuUon That by the true coaatmetlonpartofHUagawuahontTlyaen. ^ PWaMaatMalW^gj**Hon. Kehard 8mia>, a F*"^"^He'w"a,s2SftcnoaIeJt5itr tavla,N.y.idiadDee.Sl,agedei.. CoB -JeSM.Coimty Jadgo. „ '7 -,gi 1 .iptocaadar theweek, eatlmadng average8TBBBT CLEANING. BeU by tlu CMrt-That th* po*e***ion of thef^ WPaJajB^fe-gma^ poamaahaM by Mm at the tisne ofJ»^mASk*»»*John Banleb, Edward Costello, John Tan Tine,brain,11;congestiondebility, adult, the libelant engaging tbat the vesael ehottid be keptfollowingan-1 C0K8TBCCTI0H ;OF OHARTRR PARTr.placein anyof tbe Banks of Bostea,Josei^ L. Parley, Lawrence M. Tan CemeUusW. Wart,John Baker, Charles N. Deeker,DanlelTownsead, Jonathan T. Trotter.cludingto enforce a obedience to prompt6 dysentery, 25 tight, stanch, Ac, ;provided with every requi-$50,000 or more, Uon. Ourproapwj-Campbell,;;; 2;reproach uponfnbut be muat be veated with un- requisite,objected,unnecessary outlays of money and much confusion;;slble, that the paragraph was pnbllifaad IB 'BBT.-.Tbe views now presented by me in favor of a radi- cal change In tbe City Charier are the results of study,IJ Thonday,aoaete ; ofand the ooUeetion of tevenuas arlalag from the sale of% Governor Moloxxv said, aa theeepeelalty agreeuble, aa I fiou tbe rolces of mj a#so- proper ctu1ailm«nt of necessary powers. If their du- Departmenr, and the public markets with fael, sta- IWfl, In accordance wllh the custom, belonged to theciatea of tbe lut year, of all p<dltleal semlmenta, ties are not tionery, printing, and all other things necessary mlrmrnon tbepeo-tmmlc»otoUTspleudloandnumerouscharities,la publicofficer. TbeMayorbssnottbeleastsuper- CityInspectorandtbeSuperintendentsoftbebu- GoNve.cei-saryF.Plnckneyreceivmeadjorityrespondents' agent* placed him at the dock to discharge his siiip. antfif it wasdonefortheaccommodationofthepurchasersofthis department are two bureaux—the Public Admin- been aiated with reference to mat deoariment istrator's and tbe Corporation tbe latter applieaoverruled.For libelant. Messrs. Beebe, Dean and DonohueAttorney's,having charge of ezactinr penalties for street Incum- be held accountablebebiyng tne poweri,f iMiIsauresExceptionbrances, and through whose axency alone this com- abouiul and the streets remain fpiulbthlyi.c,It will be monabusecanbeabated. If,therefore,thisclassof uiguatHormAK, J.violators of tbe city ordinances are nottbelibel to recover for tbe of a hawser. damages cuttinggiven.punished,fault lies with the Corporation Attorney and not with fiower Ido'aot forget that tQe burden of taxation Is very tbe Mayor. It. la fortunate for the people of New- whomociinble aiMl.atttsctlTe a place of residence.to and remove tbe appointsuboidlnateauponYork that tbe office of Counsel to the Corporation hasof all the sales of the property deemed to bebeen conferred a so well upon gentlemanqualifiedinpui^iic layselfhave an ixnderstanding upon the subject at tlte com- Olivxb ssld they bad had a caucus and had not comeship property,day the proceeds as may be adjudged, Ac _Even thoagh a riot should be excited In oar midst, beGovernorlarge elf cteti Secretary,unanimouslyvs. n'nxi.-Before tbe ordes of'Court on an- Tneaday,baa fecting the public healthEBaMllfikttB ehaloa of ethar_„ Treasury -with such an anpropriatton ; aad that no OMmey shall be oaiddigglBgand wdl*. coaairaeiiagThis Is probably the most Important department ofThisthe Buperiniending. inspecung and management ofdepartmentforce of the action of the recommendation of himself and friends.The President called for a ballot, and the first was taken nith the fcuo^ing result;be public markets; toe inspection aa(> sealing of andtrol of thepublic pouudaIt has four—a bureaux. The to a choice, sPkelpeve.Ward.—Same-order.yeic-York £xckange Company vs. Lo- aa.-ment for on verdict plaintlBECPXBIOB COURT—BPRCIAL TKRIT.—Dorritz vs. RiuaelL—Jud eattolaythe atbladoor. Dntllhehasthe responsibilitytlement Boktr vs.fendsnt's for bis giving securityIt IS incumbent toshould tM relieved from any censure which a'.tacnes to the aegiect. It Is well for the and toThe libelants were the owners of theship Padjie,keeping aa aeaonatperformthesedatiea, hawhich was at tbe end of Pier No. 5 East River, lyingon Jan. 1, lb53, having a hawser across the to the slipCrystal Palace, together with SlU.OtlO Supervisor*. The people should have their attention ing stations at Intervals alongtheeipenseaof keep-Durbrow,H92,000dangerous, however,of aU Is theEvan S.tbe work, domestic, and subject solely to the cognizance of ttie Jaa. N. HWaallskteard,, Jos. Leggetit, yfm. H. Laiae*,•vt-llo iBlMests, aad sffwt Oe baalth and oooilixt or the changed. Legislature will this tline coDooi or not I do not know but res' as-A lWaIs ckiihed with ao rect them.powertosupervise,much leas di-thatlater,thepeople will,stnim, aecouqt*Tbe CrotoB Board, constituted by a Presideat, aCoBimlasloaer, aad an Engineer, compoae a managing tilumvlratef who are In no way amenable to aay chief execotire. ThoughtboseoflicersInthefirstinstance derive their authority by appointment from tbe Mayor and Board of Aldermen, yet the tenure of office betng for five years without any provisloa for remoral, however great tbe neceasity, tbey are totally inde-;but leave was refused, aad the <M- payment of th» dniiea asoa <ha la-jUMfHU Ike roll-aeelaaiatkm, aad apoa tbatmottgD'eallad for tbe asres clal position yon hold toward the of a ao by It are matteia over which the Mayor has no control. SXCRETAKT IKTXSKSTtKa PBOCIXDIHOS. tbe Common Council, who up to thi* time have taken on Oe entry of the good*, and that ram baOMaSacalled, Aldermaa Boolicomfort aad health of the City. I hope you will ap- pendent of the creative power. Itie large sums ex- preciate the high character of these Imata. The olB- pended by this Board and the subordinates appoinledTbat the duties upon the anpialsed vataa «a(BOXOBOB LAW TtCTOUOBg. a»t|n*inrta tendencyhaabeenlaanoppoalledlreoUoa.Assheofoperationtbananyother.Itbaicognizanceof badnotbeensworninto andcenae-TheValtedStaleaDlatrlatC««rt>Doe.31—HoraceF.ClarkandBdvariIf.Die~ktum>Wwiii Cootmi, who BOTcd that a Committee o( has grown graat and powerful, her municipal gov- opening, altering, regulating, grading, flagKlne. tun- Lrfca, office,Before Jadga Boto. COLLISIOK—DAXAQia—VAtUl OF TISSRL.and Albert G. Slot v*. Gaorg* £aw, O*Railroad the NorA Jl"" Company,Qiree be appointed to coadnot Aldermaa Piox to tbe ernment appears to have become tbe mors demoral- avenues of ;'Chair. .' ThaaaOeBwai earrlsd, and Aldermen Coxanx,HmuandSuiaweredestgaated.JMatmn Paoson taking the Chair addressed theo'clock,David W. Wtlmore vs.jTA* Steamboat Granite action was in the Tmai of reportedBM(4aBft>IlowfQVBaaaa of xaa BoAas or Aldiuiix:which wlU redound to tbe boaor. Interest and pros-perity of the Metropolis, whose people we represent.the Oraruie Slate. Tbd etb- Commlsiloner, among.byer things, allowed $850 for the lo** of the vessel, to wbleh tbe claimaBta excepted.'; :At S o't lock. Governor Dreio took the Chair, and Mersr*. FmcxssT and Lraca placed their certifi- cates In tbe band of tbe Clerk.Tbe President then announced that tbe organlzatlon ol tbe Board for 1860 was the first business In 'order.Pleas. It was aship of certain dockpropeny situsteaath* T and which tbe plaintub claim bdoag to t Trustees of ibernited States MailTwhile Mr. Law daiaaed to be tha c;fee, aad that the other defendants as well as tha (pany represented by the plaiatlfls, were his tasmBtabuilding, repairing and lighting wharves ized and enfeebled. This should not be. Let us and piers, and filling up and cieanlug out slips andto in the Board.tkip.Comftmy,an* UarekmU O.jointly endeavor to introduce a more elevated public basins spirit—toactasl(wewereproudofourposition, roadsthe constrU'lion and repaumg of publlathe rare and Improvement of lantl^ aiid publKStM:—This case came up on excepUona to the report «! a Commissioner to whom it waa referred to aaeer- taln the damages sustained by tlie lihellaat by reaaon of the sinklag of the barge RamiUr, owned by kim,12, 1859, and was before Justice Du.t tn the CO'atid had no other,objects to attain than thoseing guiterlrg and lighting streeta, raids, places and4;uenUy tbe time of meeting was postponed until 5allow them to prepare to take their seatsplaces-; the tilling up of sunken lots; tbe con^truc- uon, repeirlng, 11gbdn< and care of tbe buildings, offices, rooma and pubQc yarria of the Corporation ; tbe Buppl}Ing tbe public buildlnga and omcea amcontroversybarelattuatothe*18)7, thistbe Gov- upon their powers, has become, within two years, an Board decltied to adjoera after another ballot, pro- two.April, To*, ganUeraen, appelated byin the Mayor, was transferred to this Board, and theexecutive contro! given to the Oeaeral Superintend-ent of Police. The Chief Magistrate, by this act, isdeprived of Police authority. However grossly thelaws are violated, or tbe lives, peace and property ofthecommunityendangered,hecannot,withoutan lulInpretension.Isgraduallyarisingwhlofiwillre- andreturnedIhat.ksforthehonorthatbadbeencon- ItaacHall WillxamA. et.«!.—Thiscan d6 much toward securing, by rection of Commissfooeraa faithful application of the means ernor and Senate. The Policeauthority, which,institution combining both Executive and i-bould not br an election. from Isgialatlve vided tberewoparonUaaaces,at disposal, and to deserve the approbadon of the original incorporation of the City, bad been vested powers to extraordinary degree. Tids ie ao orig- Tbe ballot wss then taken. Governor Bivj. F.yoor-car common constituents. In this 1 trust we shall allaninal feature in Municipal Government, heretofore en-PiBCXBiTsix votes, and Governor Wm. T. Bxbj. F. PtxcxsiT was then declaredNo evidence having been given that the libelant wassuchowner,thelibelwaadismissedwithcosts.found do not warrant the for judgmenttiie-plaiatiC$(0oost*,em dafaaCeaaak.which the' gentlemen who compose thai bodyplace Atthesuggestionof Governor the BacanxaaAcsuc,Ihooght that Juoge Leonard will be asupeiiar ^h*m hers' Justice.— Weostirr, J.—Botnken vs. Boenttn. ^Tha <Mta'unknown. Tbejustification for tbi»tion Is, tbat two governments are required for New-.condition that the defendant waive ailbe alacia)! Clark of the Common Council by acclama-ttpBt It waa carried unanlmotuly, and Mr. Vaustuii The otBclal authority to do so has been taken from additions to the public business. Already tbe Com- requlFiiioiiS to tbe Committee on Supplies, adjourned ship Ztngaree,MoffatdIsrnaflBa notice of the motionwaa declared duiy elected.Ob mottoD of Alderman CoKfiix, Patxiox Guvla-GExa waa again unanlmooaly rbosrfn Sergeant-at- Aldarana Graxr presented the protest of Parishim and transferred to a subordinate officer appointedby the Board of Metropolitan Police Commissioners.It has bken held by a Judge of the Superior alreadyCourt, that, thodgb the peace of tbe City should betroller has been obliged to set aside a de- separateto Tuesdaynext.given plainiiff'a attorney, cause be obtained and served oa blm.,BoardofPolice,butthisdoesnotgivehimexecutive itIsexercised. 7'hepartisanbalances,bytheequal ForthepastyearthetotalreceiptshaveC-krd, (Ibid 248) In actions m rem against the vesselsoould do no more to quell it than any other citizen.plicable confusion in the public accouiMs, andaad the Board, afiorreferringtoeaoce can beto tbe entered,—Parker Mille vs. Jottt,threatened by riot, the Mayor eould not head the Po-One of the evils which follow the system of govern- ing by Boards or Commissions Is the tendency to at>-costs to each defendant to abide ib» event of th*representatloB partlea,Hall Democrat), waa duly elected Alderman disbursements this Board is independent of the Cor- perconal considerations. Individual Interests of keen te(i0,«19'7^84|Ffone for the County and one for tbe City.upSlossoii, J.Vork, viz.:Under this pretext a aew official orgauiaatlon. fear-against.— — StTPPLIISbrought to recover the value of an anchor alleged l^e ubelant lo have been sold to the owners of tbeJtji Ike coirrf—This case on one point presents thebald whether a suit in can be quef-tion pertonatnmaiiftained in Admiralty upon a contract In a home port of an American vessel, between parties there resident, to furnish supplies and outfit to the vessel, necessary to her equipment and use. It Is definitively—points, with leave to plalntilfto amend without ooalB.sult In fastening upon this already overtaxed City an him.H'pperjudgaMnt BaTSfof bis ofSoe for tbis Board, and In a few vears an entlre-buikilng will no doubt t>e required for its exclusive use.—Ca»epartmentMoHCSrsF, J.^Sperlind is. iFol/.-Appllcstian. daaled, withTbe Ctoton Aqueduct Board have prepared their last(Tammany Democrat), against the declar- It Is true the Mayor Is «x~ngicio a member of the sorpucn of power, and the excluslveness with which annual report, which is now in the banda of the lenrs. bNyewberry (21 How., 24S4u,}praenmde Maguire Avls^i^Tt.Kbfferl Lynun.—granted.lice for of prevention.purposes settled the decisions of the Court inKitm"'atlaBOf Ute Canrassera, that Jokt Rcbssia, (Moiart of political are soon lost in printers.police power, nor is he a Police Commissioner, lafttffi tbe Eighth Aldcrmaaic District. Mr. poration. It draws snii expends the sums appro- members become tbe governing Irifiiience and over- for water rents, $21,723 for permit* to connect with the cognizantcoe otfheanStaAtdemiralty Court,Tbhuetsebeclaosnegsi The January term of the Court of Qeneral:ride tbe public gi^. I make ns charges the Mtnaxu claims that through fraud conaived at priated for its use without check or acr«unlabillty. againstrents, and turnedCourt.—Ko Oak. to wait oa the Mayer, reported that tbe Mayor would penditures or mismanagement of the- Police, the fjeen how erroneous Is the Impression that the Mayor $77,299 11. On account of salaries, there has been Court has no jurisdiction In this case, and that the Si!PMHi Cotnti— Speeial Term — AifioBiasd. ',Aldennan Tcovix, from the Committee appointed aerni. a communication to the Board in a few mo-miiliODs of dollars.It will, therefore, appear that, however great the ex-street expenses and paving there hasbeenexpende-ltythose decisions, I feel constrained to bold that the'^^of tbe Clly^ of New-York. Tne Departments and Boards enumerated compose the whole. It will beCourts to take of it. In obedieucs to cognizanceUkitib Stairs District eadar.Mayor is not responsible, and hence should not be is the Chief Executive, and how unjust to bold blm paid $26,962 14. Total dhiasvbeursements on tbe Croton held accountable for Its expenses nor the offences responsible for that which he cannot govern. Re- Water Works extension been $979,000.libel must accordingly be dismissed with coats.For libelant, Messrs. Beebe, Dean Sc DooohueThursday. ScPBXBi'Conxi—Circw/—1^ Nob. 47, «, H»i^SL/Tha President announced tbe reappointment of both tbe legal power and tbe material aid, he should thority. Those wbo are to execute the laws and or- Stock of the City of New-Y'ork," issued^ under the was an action on a charter ot the bark Ettker Frances 73, 77, 79, 97, 98, 99, 101, 103, 10*, IU, 115, IU, iU,BaBBT Mearoas as Reader of the Board.Aldarmad Toombt here moved that tbe Board ad-<ltnanceB should derive their appointments from him, and bold office no longer than In his judgment the nuly sball be perfomed with fidelity. However con-law of May 2, 1634, and redeemable on and after Jan,jenra, bat being reminded that tbe Mayor's Message vras aet yet reeeited. he withdrew «he motion.I, 1860, amountingto$2,500,000, presentedthem-voyagemand Ixcmediate compliance to Its will. t5,749,5U0 Iron rule thsn no rule at all, as now." Here is an enormous aggregate for which the peo- issue with me1,704of settlements daring the year, SI,MB. I missions accrued, after deducting the marlmnia cthisprincl- ple of New-York have received little substantial re- and tbe have decided favor. I there-not authorized to pay' sation, by wayoffor of pensatlon ol the postmasters and nece**arTiBeI- damages, non-performancepublic charities of this City could be much better dis-be made to the Charter which shall carry I'Olnted. Under the present laws It makes little dlf-f( renre who the occupiesliquidation of their claims, Mr. HawsNorfolk, Va.,$IS5»i Blcbmond, Va., $Mt SiMnaAy fer the purpose of organization.Mr. Caaaiiia F. MoCLsitioauc, the Clerk, called the to those wbo have had the administration of the miss his own agents. No private establishment can Colored Persons, 8. DciXAt /mn Aktobttt Diseatimembers to order, and requested them to take theiraffaire of the Board of Education, or to the system asdetective as It be, to say that education may publicbe properly conducted If the are ur>erior to employesor even coordinate with the proprietors. If this rulewhenCorporation disbursing millions of dollara every year,andtransactin ousineeaofsuch T g public magnltutieIn my opinion the principal dlfficulUee nnder whichdisease of theMessrs. Benedict, Burr ft BenedictManager of the Cleartng-booae,la the Ward school management It Is due, howerer,bead should have ample authority to employ and dis-Adults, 13ChUdren, 222 albuminuria andSince that »B paper qf Wednesday. puWioatlOB,Isthe nurseries of intelligence and virtue, and have how much more so Is It when applied to an Immensebaa flourished tn this City. Our common schools aregoodappliedlife,Ruben Latta v*. Tke Carg* ^f tke Brig Hermitage.— This was an action to recover damages for violation of a charter party. T^e brig Hermitage was char- tered to Abranches, Aimslda A Co., the clalnuints of tbe cargo, for a trading voyage to the coast of Africa,the highest branches. Tbere are in all about two hundred and eighty organlxed common schools of all kinds, at which are taught over one hundredthousand poplla. Tbe for the Board of appropriationas Chief power Executive, haa notthe23 diarrhoea,;andsite for the voyage, (exeeat craw, captain, and pro-visions,) and tbat the dsiimanta should have the ex- clusive use of tbe wlude veaaol for the voyage, (ex-wa. allowed to go withoutBoston Bank.are weirconrtueloi. "rf'baEducation for the last ten year* haa been as follow*It Isfollyany persontyphus fever, tbeor uncontradicted.—1850 189U 18S3in- laflammaUon18M^'Total for ten year*I,a4a,000 •8,0«a,S«lMoral suailoa or offieial station avail not against;marssnus, iufantil*, 9scrofula,Hon. Isaac Blackford, senior Judge of tha Coof<of Claim*, died la WadibigtoaflB.ON>'**aBiBg llstolt. He wa* appohated hy'^aalilaat Piaroai•2e;,9Ull8H 447,487 18U S0S,315ll867 (04,000 1858 M8,314'l6W»5«,0001,02M>41,100,410\^MMi discomfited.9;;whooping cough, ;;:;;ceptcabin, the deck,plainedsufficient warrant of amaUwhencomparedwiththeresuluandthenum- law. Itianotoailynecessarythatweabouldhavearapture,;;These aaaoalareaChief Magistrate with capacity, integrity. IndustryIber of childrentaughtBeeidea, in them are ioeludedotkfT e*u»et, and inndmg upon eUmau—seoaaa as tending to *obj*et tha vaaael to **lzure,ladiaaaj held ahighraafc latte:q>eadltarea, though large,yetrequirevigorousopbeld byteething, 3;1653,aadwa*indefatlgahlatattadbcBaigeofHduilas. Hewssares|KUr«famStataofthe cost of of altea aad tbe erection ef sev- purebaaeandquestionablestreDgthened and eneouraged, reforms can be aecom-burnedor4 caanalUes,3, ;the time of hi*appalip^.. lllssM ---^iiapadoos sclioal honsee aBouattag in ISM to overman, to this end will be will remodel our Charter in a>-eral$300,000 for that year.this City at 800,000, (ittax OB each parMn for achoal purposes is less thanjurisdiction.drowned,lockjaw,I ; threat-legal pro and friend.Hon. BamortBstlmatlag thepopulation ofmalformation,prema- In addlllon to thaened lo fritbdraw the whole wuhoBtpaylngthe freightin tha diarter atlpniated ptrtj.Tbeelaimasuazceptadto tha libel, their excep- tion* amoimting to a oemarrer._ Caa«]^_P'^"^* Unltatmaybe nearertheallpllthed. Otherwise, attempts;birth, 5; anicide,;; age,of tha$1 Mof IT oaals parber ofehih&ta taught at and the ex-futile. If the>tates.dladoBttemorBfayof Dec-28, atCaseyria^ Ky., mim* k* latlted oaaeoount of siekaaai fc^^^...—^SP"'"n Mcnsoa nominated Couaelliaan Via burse so large aa outlay of ssoney aad perform Its ncommeadatloasm detail. If tha naoessary authority '~duties withmt amenability to the CorporattoB. The shall be given by tbe Legislature oae of the principal a^Wy McCoamii nominated Cooaoflmaa Beard of Edoeatlmt. like the Almshouse and Police, of these recooBoeBdatlana wUI be a plan for Kredao-drawi monar (tam the treasury In gross without ren- tloa of tbe expaaditansaad aa Incnasa of tba rcr»- nominated CQuncUman deringiatsnmrooahanoradetailed,aeeouatofIt* Buee. Atthisthneitwillbeuaaeoeesarytoextendwaived on the T,^^j.ii"TJl..«»d2,«ijn.P3nridj«.Bea$..^»I,()bO,«0e,)ture above,1 there are SI etillbom.35.Treaanrex31at and 23d •eottoa* of the amended Charter of 1837, whioh asrerally fVUla Iba tillliiBot was la progress the Sheriff way.wtthaatMacUaMatotBy ottataothority. If naammendatloBs of this ohaiaeter whioh the Cam. pfOtldo that as eipease *aU ba Inoarred byjCo^tOmm-^PiaQtsMTexpeadttBiB. Itfcaiissatsitsowabiiiiaaalaitaowa thalengthofthladocumeatbyreferringtoitiLibel dl*mlB«d with co*tfcFor UbelaaU, Mean. Beaadiet,-Pennsylvi)ala,ibeaidea,upon policygo governof SnoervlBors, the Comptroller'sbe held liable to thtlr destination."atamp* and atampad < theflacai j:mentsof tha Street Com- employments were prortded for the able-bodied pau- rcfomiing the foundation of tbe evil, will be dlsap- st-nally tske an assignment thereof aw pay Forpensed for about »300,00() per annum, and if suitablespeedyWUndngtoD,DeL, $1,865 64maoy of the unnecessary emplovea made, tbis sum \ eotUd be ndoeed still lower. If the Legialature shall.themImmediately. ThisMr.Stoutimmediatelythat Ihar be printed.Alderman TiroiuT urged the appointment of a amend our Charter, this department noold be ma- his subordinate.M.iyoralty.function-Thr BuxoBZD Bake DkFAicAnoa i> BomMTw— Week before laat, a rumor of adeCsleatiaa IB <••' tf'Special Committee on the Tax Levy, but at tbe re- ^ueat of Alderman Boclb, withdrew a motion in favor of It wUea he had made.After oae or two nnsuocessfol motions for an ad- . joaraaseBt,Aldaraiaa Coamu stated that it was not probable that the Cooncilmen would soon organize, and'Tbis Board adjourned to Monday next, at i P. M,terially liberalised, municipal contrt^and beplaced altogatberunderpowersrounded by those who live upon official peculation auu olherwlse evince a disregard of the public Interests, be has not tbe legal right to punlab the oae or remedy U;e other.may-moneyedinatltntlon*In 8t*te-*treet wa* wIiIhwbb*-TBE FUBLIC ISITCATTOlr.are loud in their expression* Of gratitude to the City ChsiDbailala.CITY INSPECTOR'S OFFICE. TBI WXSIU.T BSPOhT Of DIATBS.The fallowing is tha weekly report of deaths In the City and County of New-York, from the 34th dayOT sugar brought In tbe sehoooarbOB Mew-OdefOk toBelt by tke Cmrt—That on the proofs the libel- ant* ar* entitled to recover the *um of $39 60, paid by them for cooperage neceosaty to put the bogsuead* In a landing or^er.That tbey areantlUedalso taraeoretth^ralaaof any sugar actually lost In the act of landing, or deliv-Tbis Important department is undectbe direction oftbe Boaid of Education. This tmay has control of thegeneral Intereata of the public schools, its memt>ers son holding office under the City Government exceptler and other papers. On th* same eveniiig, asraralperaons expressed the opinion, notwittastaadiag Oaare elected by the people, and are responsible to no other power. In the several Wards there are also local school Beards, which In many respects are In- dependent of the Board of Education. Thus the sys-a few clerks In his own office. However strongly con- vinced of the worthlessnesa of officii!*, be osooot ra- move them.dental of the evening papers, that the rumor wa* taafc-ThI* was allowed to pass wttbont ftuthar aoM-but last week a bank-officer again stated that a4MU- 3 catkm had occurred, and that the deftekaer had bsaaplatformwas in thefollowing97. Leavlwr in thaby tbe Board of Supervisors to act in accord- voyage, but no passenger* were furnished re- tcehlaed, $5,741,130 93. The poiThatary Is but a clerk. 11, s duties are chiefly rlerlcal :tndchanic cui conduct bis affairs if those successfullyday Boys, 125:lu.ve a refaresse to establish what that amount was. Otherwise decree for th* libelants for $39 60.bythe purpose of having thiswhoaresubordinatearenotamenabletohim. The68Women, 59;GUIs, 97;Total, 349.choose,matter aet atreat.pairwe labor Mayor.Tmbaeybe traced to the want ofMayor,In tne;consumption, ;;tbemust be aelement corrective strongerarmmmThe libelant alleged that theeharterera, altar put-tinssome on elaUaedthe to takecorruptexisting;measles, 19i; palsy, *of $4,000.^nerve,With such aAsphyxia, 1 ;acalded, InMmperaaee, 2cy- •iKl the charterer* ahendened the voyage thereuponf«aeIoB aa*waaldftiaBsteameda*a ,"Thoughhe be sur- maynishtr^gHegl^trarsBy his own authority he cannot remove any per-to tke usual avocations ofasthma, 1 ;disease of brain, 2necessary antborttyand execuUoB of toe lawsity concentrated In the bands of one man, there can1 fever, 2be oe good goverament» disease ef tbe bean,5«»<^ Tiveeuer, atcmi OBITVAST.;and without such aoUkor-;mittctjt fever, 2 2; scarlet fever,;fever, 3 typhoid fever;inter- remittent fever,their good fa"*. «*«'Pn"^i«forholding thla oIBoe lo attempt tbat whiob be has noto Theevil-doerswill aocompllsh.legal authorityresist blm In the Courts, aad be must necessarily bebrain, 12 of tbe ;bwa»t.Iuftmh.a«tb wbo^djysto do BO, I Shall, nevertheless, do *U that eaa be donewithin the limited kphere assigned me.1 shall have the honor of submitting, hereafter an-other eaaamnnieatice. In which I shall make aereralHo wa* of the P?nj- me early tto AdmtnistratioB ofin New-Tork. Thereaad more We potent;penalUntitled Documentall .o.mi.i . .t.1dropsy,meMgaamal apprdnVmoneyShan be drawB bom tbawith voice, demand the estabUahment of tbe " oaa mak powaa," and the erection of a strong, consolidatedExectkive Government over tbe MunicipalbctUid by tbe opirilon of any three men Governor W. T. Pihanr desired totbey went out he asked Governor Shitb to go with them, and he said he would not4 Nine ballota were taken without effectmga choice, and then, on motion of Gov. Molonst, the Board ad- jauriicd for half an hour, id give the Republicanfor respondents, Mr. Lord. Boratwkelson et at vs. tViZiuini fiou>efi—This waa abedravtnby andtwoday*'noticgeuosftt* plaintiffs22. tills includes athe line of for keeping records of the falling of rain.A.J.Bara*nettrgh.year, givingcwaspnacUitoyf tohfe the CroTthoenreRihvaevre tboeesnuplpaliyd t1h7e,02f7utfuereetwith that quality byparticularREDEMPTION OF CITY STOCKS."by which to prevent or punish crime. Bavins lost latter. The Mayor should be clothed with ample au- A great many bolder* of The Five per cent >^ter Richard Bttrieuj vs. Freeman Rai€d<m el. al.—This *iT»*»io« Conar—Part l.^No*. 1, 15, 43, 45, •, ST.being Be has been perpetrated.of the forcewrong to Impose the former without imparting the—PASSUQEBS.from New-York to tbe Orinoco River and back. Thedeprivedbe relieved from tbe responsibility. THC ALiiBHonsa.CHARTIR PARTYMonday.121.Part II.—Nos. 54,58, 60, 08^ 69, 70, 72, 78, Sa>81,$^This department is also absolute. It Is governed scientious and capable, no man holding the office ofAldermaa Bsadv moved that a special Committee on by Governors who exercise an undivided authority. Mayor can meet public expectlons, until the necessa- certlficaiee, the Interest on which ceased yesterday, vessel was $800 a nK»nth uptha Tax Levy be appointed. He enlarged upon tbe Elected by the people it acknowledges no other mas- ry changes shall be made In the fundamental law. were duly paid. The Comptroller la ready to redeem lost should that event occur. Jloreover, the charter Part II.—Nos. S3 to 39, 41, 42, 43, 46 47, <8, 40, (^ v-Bin wallj of iiaviag tbe items of tbe budget carefully ter, and so vaguely and Indefinitely has this liability under tbeas It is we shall go on from bad toall of tbe outstanding certificates.party contained a stipulation "that thirty passengers 52. __^ibeen construed, that it finds no difficulty In avoidingalh responsibility. This Department has charge ofthe publle charities. The Board draws in gross thekmanae«<aefMr.GeorgeF.Ibompson,withthe immensesumsexpended,forwhich'itrendersnoac- DeuKwratioPartyoftlilsCityasacandidatefortheu[SMSimt^MH'eassge. counts, and about which the Mayor, tbe Comptroller I declared mv sentiments fully upon thts **"' Mayoralty,or thereaboutsPAID BY THE CITY CHAM. and brought back to New- York,examined by aoch a Committee, which, li necessaryin theWhen accepting tlie nomination of tbe NationalshooM go to Albany and prepare the esMtlumnates uinm- M^ A^ny and^prepareTHE REGISTRARS BERLAIN.Tbxastbt OP thr Pobt-offiobD«FA«nDnrt^^£_^^iliiislaaiflliglj Bis remarks were cut short by the"Mercury,"writingto theBalttmoreAm,aafB Post-«Sce Department, not yet pohlldwd, oea'worse, Despond.""Sloughofat tlie rate each pssf-enger, say $30 outward, payableof $60beforesystemslnkmg dseper ever/ yearwere to be carried to the Orinoco River*elve* at the Comptroller's office,yesterday, to the time sheshould tie CouasH PUA8—Part L—No*. S3 to 66,'l,aa(.I*.lypairlagCroiOB wafer. These dntles oompreheod 'great pob- Itself Is Whether tbo at oost of the streets last week was On appralaement the value of tta BWal;Bat tbe<'D"I,to tbe Colleetor, and then to Su SeerBtarrafstandingHiram Hunt vs. Jokn P. Brown el, ol.—This case*«.— affirmedwUhcosts. JudgmentAfter Ibe amount of the salaries of the Inspector^of Registry and their clerks was fixed by tbe Board arrival of vessel New-York,onewhich a to put stopimporter* applied for leave tTiCmisal HJCDesirous, nevertheless, to secure to them a sEv of it on the part of the respondents. partdenta] expense* Washington, D. C, $4,706 32;;Males, 193Females, I5«— For llbelsnU, Mr. Shepherd.. For clalOtAits,abacea*, 1kidneys, 2 ;bleeding from lunga, 1 ;Bright'*bleeding from bowels,called uponto have takenand the Bee, one of whose editor* t* a Baak CoaMla-;;the rumor. If suchIt, and we a>« eepedally ple**edliver, 1 of the congestion;the lungk, 8 convulsions, infantile, 31of ctmvuisioiu, adult, 1 ;to kaow that of felony like that of tdebility, infantile, dropsy In the head, 10;4 flaromatlon of the bowel*, 94 Inflammation of tbe;puerperalthmugh the'^P""'»V°''^'"^^r^^I»SSInflammationheart,dlseasf of the liver, 3 board, to the fulfilment of the charter In theof the lungs, 29 fiammatlon of the throat, 1;anosla, I ;lues vneraa, I 1;old 4 and unloaded part of tbe cargo on board, andcallinghi* attentioD to theWth,died at HaallBg 1» that iBH|» •«, ;gI;and those under them actingthewilh their money. Fie, of course, cannot obtain re'^*»;^-yf^ ^was sent to tbe public (tore far York will hayeao refcrBii ontU the fuadamental law ally assumes the debt thereby to be Incurrad. Tbe execution of a redettveryboad.ubseivailoa and I am experience.make*eleaning only $2,538eontVdeatIfew-one parson-leas than it cost the i*eek before. The suow raised. No uipeal waa taken bom tha aMttlnaaril.street-cleaaing operations,in»t urpen.f t.t until the I'ax Levy is jiassedmavbethenextyear. Toe ages gnarsdtteitbe tbe next week, and it sustained by tbe libelants on atttfcab«$t, but wBSbelleTed at that time tohan Bpdam-oeady applicantsdatlonlBfaetiaaditwasaoaBnaaBeedtathaLTVaasf-;total,51 croup,has been no compounding_;;.bronchi- cirrhosis ef thethat no foundation csn ba wn slooer, declares aajor,iBBf^^-^ ^M; of ulcerationoftbebowel*,1 ;,.;^varioloid,1; total, 334. DmMmfromtMUnalmitd lading board, rightsubstratum of theofor the decrease.the Treasurylevtor demandederease in value, toCityyesterday,the rooms assigned to that Court were damp and im-what tbe defendants were boundThe Board of Governors met for ibe &rst tima no action on tbe matter. Mayor Weon admitted tbe fixed debt, which may be enforced against fhaai tB—this year yesterday afternoon. The weekly report from the Institutions showed that the number of per-sons remaining, Decunber 31, 1.8M, was 7,982, an in-this matter several monthsto the eondderatlon ofIswto haftraalfiAt 4 o'clock, the new Covernors, Piaounr andBepublican aide of the House, bewith yourselves. I regret tbafso far as tbe Execu- fire-englres, hose and all other mdchines And appara^ would ask whether tbey had any candidate torecom- ' That tbe panlcular or special value of the vessel order to show cause was argued, aad tba maftorhailtive M>wer Is eoneeineu it has not been concentratedand defined as the has been lo leglslailve;tus fur the use of the Fire DepartmentIncumbrances frvm stiiets, roads, places, wharvestbe doing and lumlshlng of all other neceff arv work, repairs ami supplks not provided forWhile the Common Council, with theyour Mayor,enact an ordinance, tbe admlnlstralivefcuthorlty;in oilier departments meots._Jments. ThereIsnogeneralheadof New-York, the great mart of tbe com- Executive. Instead of one, tbere are eight coordiiraie tbere are fight. The S'reet Commissioner latheof tbeFinance, the Law, the Police, the Alms House, the;there Is no Colef"Thesedutleaareperformedbybureaux,ofwhichGovsreor Suira,bands.s<aiice,from tbeshould;ment of cost* of trialagr ataJ aa B«f-Board,in tbeMayor aixKAIdermen, but witA a the memberscause be remitted for a revaluation of the vessel onbe noiified, and, ia thla case, he tbe principles of this decree. All other exceptions pony,and the collecting of all assess-bad decided to recommend Bxhjau* F. for PresidentPi.icxxxrDeolalaBe. BUPXBioe oowr—ammauti," iwaat: j.appointinent,Same vs. 3i»iu.—New trialit a somewhat proceeding. It had not been customary to bold a secret csucns on snch occasions, and If It were so all.thoughtparable.strange Ordered that the report of the Commiesioner a* to Haff\a. Blottometal. Jodgaiaotpresidingofficer forlitlabf a^^ in consequence tberoof, set up adverse clatastaMikthe worib of the thing lost at the time and place otSupremeT. PlwXHlT, if Bxirj. F. PiNcaazr' would do the upon sbip-kseperof Poci/fc drop hawser, ting at Chambers, the business of which braaoh offS3 for•by the Inspectors and canvassers in the various Its Treasurer receives the sums In gross set apart for gviesnotrsl,embeunt speak only of tbe system, and the eviSluptern- $1,629 25 for old materials sold. Tbe expenditure In Judiciary to entertain and enforce a remedy m rem The following gentlemen werie Impaaaalo"d a*Hma-. 1»^districts, he was returned as a defeated candidate, a£d Mr. Eussau. aa the successful one, when in point ofbettheresultoftheelectionwaajustthe reverse.Be tkeiefore contests Mr. Rnssiu's seat.Aldannan Gimr gave notice that he should, at an 16S1dencies which naturally flow from It in my judg- ment, much x>f this extravagance and lax govern- ment Is justly chargeable to theae Commlssfons or Boards, and the sooner they are all abollslied the t>etter. Tbe mostCroton Dam to tbe Receiving Reservoir, did not subsist in relation toby particularWm. T. Beer. Wm.C. Barnes. Moses N. Dean. Geo. Y. Gilbert,its expenditure, and there Is no audlling required out- side of tbe Board itself. The appropriatlaas onaiipervislon and repairs of the Aqueduct, from the lien was created has oeen where the;localGrand InquestB*5J. F. CAJtr, Foieman.«4 ' **whooomposathe presentBoardofsewers, $10,319penaltieson the of the Federal sloos comasenced yesterday, tiefore llin flly TiiiIyxB specially competency;receiving three.UttU vs. Felloio.— Mouoa with granted~elected—Governor Smith alone votingThe President elect was then escorted to the Chair,In bis former answer herein.THE CROTON AtJVEDUCT. AKMDAL RIPORT Or THI BOARD..;744.$748,930upon such contract, thatthe contract isnot withliiOf thU amountAGRAKD JITBrfMPANXSLED.master of the sloop got an axe and cut the hawser laTbe denied that the libelants had respondentaay claim to damages on that state of fasts, and de- nied that he was the owner of the sloop.;JCRISDICTIOS13 wereon water exclusively jurisdiction.is, that the contract llsc^f for supplies to a domestic vessel is local andlitinterest A few tteas* iadjudicationsJohn B.^for it, or aoDteD0KK8TIC TgSSKL. vs. Gait, suit wasvs. MotionGray £Zy.— grantedaa feattlegislation, and States under by the Maritime law but the doctrine declared as the;was but on the return performed,outwardand their voyage the vessel was totally lost. The hire of tlie 84, to 95 inclusive.Iandthebalance,or$30. for each leavlngNew-York, on return to be onj^/^and every passenger voyage, paid:ance with the provisions of the Registry Law, account* of contractor* and other* lastipulated compensation. Many of those appointed;belant, but noUce wa* given to the master of the ves- wgagad were not overburdened with riches, and the sel that w ould not be ftimlshed. The libelant rylog mail*, in each qua];tar, -wax, on tagalar-ViandMessrs. Ertrts, Southmayd aad Petersburgh, Va„ $298aad accommodationofthacrew,aalla,aadcable*.) Va- riou* other piovisioaa ware mada la the charter, andneeaaaary room for the 1 the libelant bound the Teasel and freight, and theor onboard eertala paaaenger*, te wbieh the libelantupon ofVrelght which might accrue, wa*supposed maritime*^"^^tin tbe charter.arcl cannot be enforced this form of artlon.^^lion the cargo forcthhaertaeirS,i>aat^ .„ . -_. =--.- ».^^ ^ BaR» *Judseinaa. tr, aged »>JudgeBeebe.;ve^ with th* li-AdmJiBlty In... Hon. David F. Gordon. fbHBadr£«W"M Oj*,;Part L—55, 57, Sa, 61, 65, 67, 69, 71, 73, 75, 77, 79, 85, 87, SI,^ of a debt, aad It cannot, tfaerafore, be teeo<eiPartII.adjournedtoand toto ttiepartaar plaintiff siieh-SBmaafrIpayvs.Aastm.—Motionforfrirolousness of answsr, granted wi:h $10 cotta.Motion General8ee*loas.:" The report of tbe Auditor of the Treaaaiy>ii 'Wav 8matters of The amoimt ofof wiklch there were used:;msiU passengers^AMr. Gaava, haB u* to *tate that no defaloatiea 1* kaoaa. year* ago, when a Bank officer, after <li*goti|^or aa ordermnsl ha to.shavcie, TcrvjrOw*o,H""emrC 'At Baltimore, $a7S9i| MtL,-•~~ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comllli 