 €.1, /f /Companies.point sign I^egislature,WhatGermanyPresident,would thinkproperI. .-'.ato which her numbers,ofher Stete.ns,"';" troublesome formality of advertising for the tion.ojpr every greatour way and great event that befalls us, Such a relaUon..the house ofhim from assassination. Whether againstvery largest TociteonecaseinpohitoftheperfectlyfUrss«- Certvnlyttfiplomts were deliTend to tlie gradaatea. : gfee leto'Sorh fimg>^ The roof the Academy, of Maatc, in ooursa ofgriefs and trials. Our position as the real hatred and dread of France wlkieh bums indeal more, in fulfilment of this Croton Board4ptiUa*^ >«'« thsB doable that ef (hs• .,and their escort bade them adieu. The Jtiaxara aails to-day for Japan, t('<i the Cape ot Good Hope, and will reach her destination in about one hnndied days.flfniucipai Sensations andWITH A SUPPLEMENT. VHS KjeW-TOBK. TIBtBS.'EverycompetitorImposing respectonthe Freaoh peoplepntcuringcement, iirom Pxcx the beloved of the Croton Wont to the contrary iiot»"^'l>»t»n4ing V".thir*fSiBLVaOAKDKH-Afternoon:MiTmxi-XTenlng:"orhometo-day. Itmayseemdiacourteoua, ahun- threetimesasmoehasheever^. newsboytodanoeajiguponreceiving andfteryassemblageofpettyandchivaliicGer- topredict. Weheardafossnotverymany preteadedf»but we cannot help saying we are giad they dred d(^ars, but a man who makes a hundred man sovereigns, venting Teutonism and 'defi- years ago about a Common Council known as dsiai!Twm BolkUBf, fronttag Qw CUrchange yesterday, and prices somewhat irrerular, that everexceptonEajlwaymortgages,andNew-Yorkand grandErie and some of the Western shares which con- just as surely as Paris or London attracts all pect security only from the development of her In like manner it is but right that when any an the BepuUlcaas voting against J^' '"to.rakUtbad ia t>>*Itaa Fferfc. OB Puk-iow, gpnioe and Kamaappearsin the United States,AUgrmeineZeitvng,that f(Germanycan ex- bestperceptionsof human gratitude.by y*^JTk* SEW-TOBK masBoniloc u>A eTcBlnc—Fila* Tire Cisti, Mrred at UX OBait a wMk. m«na< Siz 0«iuai k 7MI.tiaue firm, money on temporary -loan somewhat the celebrities of France and England. This wU| armed independence." The Khig of Bavaria, wines or have to bedearer at bank, where large prep arationa are mak- Uquorsing for the July dividends to be pud ost on Mon- henceforward be the city to see, the port to in particular, among the lesser German Sove- poration expense. Alderman Tcomit should expreu an opinion oa the merits otTk« HlV-TOBt nitSStl«al-W«sUy)-TBUX Ooi- Uil » rttr ; t«« ooidet to OM •ddnn ta Ttn Soi.-HXT-TOBK IHHR (WeeUj)-Two Dolum »jcar; tn gopie* to one addrsa-ferTis Doilau:day. Exchange steady.Flour was heavy, and price* tended downward.givings about it. When any stranger of -dis-ardor, and has even conceived the notion that—T^Wheat was and lower. Com ruled in depressedtinction visits America, wemay rely uponit heby skillfully manipulatingthe fears andpassions iness;has mixed andmadeall conceivable wayvery oftenforeim-taraB«ra«plaito«ieaddnMforTwasTTDoi,uis. Anyin excess of their requirements. Some specu- wiU find it repay him better to visit New-York of the lesser German States, he might be kinds of tipple, with his own Aldermanic mon sense thst is readily capable of grasptaglative movements were reported in Barley. A than any place else. When any novelty in able to organize a third Cletman Power capable hands. And so, too, when butcher's meat is these subjects, and wiiicb eannot fail to seef^HKAKEEKX'S TH«ATBK-Ou» J*»l«i«jltolM*. _t^a QcACX DooToa. ^^>-^VAIXAOK'S THKi.TBK—Ltj^^0^12 tlt.ll»»iii 'TTnriTnn Gwai's CoxpinW-MWIBT THKini-Siz Oiaun or Cun- KaMBB Of IDMin—FUBKTCo»»lK».BAlMUll'S KUSEUK-jSernoon and jT«nlDg-Ou« iBiia Oovta.FRKHCH THIATKE, No. 58S Broadway—HooLit fc CaarBUL'i MraarMU.CH»MTI'a KiSSIMLS. riLACIOABDEN—GiABD UuiicAl Bbheiaisiwst.have gone. Their visit has not been without a certain interest to us, but we have had enough of it They may be, and doubtless are,dollars eveij day would be justly considered ance of France almost within sound of the guns the "Forty Thieves"—(hose crazyifheindulgedinanysiichdemonstratioBS ofStrasbourg.Butitdoesnothappentosuitthe diansunderwhoseanspicestheexisting CityThe Japaaeee and Aaaericaa Wehopedwehaddonewiththis sohjaet—HULO% 8AL0ON—GlO.getintohystericsTeta.When Mr. Hale made a recklessAKD BBOADWAT-ADUIS' O^Mft BBOASWAT—Fm*. JMObb' Ibarou Eniu-buttBmXKMTH-STUST OauvwBU Kauana^— isaveryUnsatisfactorystyleofconversation.wards.WhoistherenowwhospeaksofthesodrevivethegloriesofWaterloo.Butday,reflectingupon memory veryyesterdayonCapt.jlOasKLDOBF'ianese excitement a week hence the of a new—BCHO, we thought a motive might befacts. He deified a:i knowledge of ths letter wUokwe consider the fullest and "best de- acription of any voyage ever written. The descrip- tion pobliahed to-day, contains many particularseven Aid.Embassy to what the future has in store for them and it.jcaCeoiay,and if can,&ce, judge, they visible results at all upon the poUtical con-theIf we are to believe theleader of the English Press, the 16th of June, I860, will be marked in the annals of Teuton-iti. (Dailr) i* pnblUheil amyttnmmaimfiumClM^ af TuvMHorjitrt vnUbc m-MMIaa» ertrao^ir. The JB^S-WeeUy and WtekifMBt U (HergyBm at the la*wt cinb ratM. Si>«ol«un Whale Oil, Scotch Pig Iron, Hay, Sugars, Teas,U pabUriied on the •*IWtn«ot tnrj MaU ate^er. Prie*. i» wrappers,—^«'hat more thoroughlyrtKSraroB OAU*MUiUFish, Foreign Liquors, Fruit, Hemp, Seeds, Bice, Tobacco, Copper, Lead, Spelter and Tib wereUnder these circumstaaoes we really should ship of'*n Mai* IHr ala«te evfiaa.tBMa-OaaliiaTUlkUTlaadTUUM.••PnbUsheriNi "\tensive.iniettwf tobeaddnaaed totheTjiiKTmtt, Maw-TorkOlty." jL»aac»P»wtkiaBrealaciOutPartingOnetts. .OALLBKT, Ho. 548 Broadwar—Pit"-stage.«AllAIr*n«BI—H0.9»«-WHnU>ci'8 r»IlfiilLI»T w Oh PaiaiDr«».snorcT's gailkrt-no. in bmibwxt-ixhui- oui •» aTUOAaT.BOtmL'S «AI,LBBT—Ho. T72 BaoAKWAT-CBtiaca'a TwnjOBX a tax Viu>aaKXB8.H».m BBOASWAY—Hcsna' raai PioToax Gaixxet. NEWS OF THE DAY.thismorn-Wepnbliah in the SuppixittSTtoUig's Tivn, a very fvdl and complete de- •eriptU>n of the Oreat Eattem, her engines, hull andgeneral equipment, as she lies at her dock at the foo; of Hammond-street. It is from the pen of Mr. A.L. HoLLJT, an educated and practical~/<Svil KjfliiMer, whose atticlea upon this great shipin the columns of the Tins have combined tech-nical aoeoracy and professional knowledge, with maiked-Uterary and descriptive ability, to a greaterdoftea thanlany simOar reports of the day on i^br aide of the Atlantic. His report of the voy- age of the Great Eattem, which we publishedMoreover,thefrequencythe Ortat Bastcm, and eapeciatly in to her engines, which have never beforeroan, byThe truth is^theJapaneseditionGennany, beyondvery import-concerning n^ardbeen pobliahed.ang^and sarcasticTommyThousands of people of all classes yesterday visited the dock of the Great Eastern to obtain an- eztemal view of her vast size, the only one asAn enlightened,is apile ofthem afoot high,"to them. No persons are to be al- lowed on board until she has been put in a proper coirfition for exhibiting her to the public. Cleaning, painting and other preparations, are al- ready progressing under the direction of Capt. HalL and the agents, and the proper announce- made when she'ivready for»etpennittedwhich'for monthswrotethem." Thisstatement,coming,aswessid, from the very highest authority, left asreasonable room for doubt as to the (iKt,and wementthe reception of visitors.his sister the Empress-Dow-antly expressed,willprobably.be,broughtby" andselfish associa- combinationsThisis theEogUsh^ofof two of thegustinglyfalse,thestill•f the party." The remedy proposedor English ships to force an entrance into their 'questions money, or money's worth, we havedecUsed to settle his account for the latter ser-the present views of the Committee, is Sibphe.v A. DOUGLAS.Mr. Townsejid for Harris,philosopher's is a to Mr.reached the Em'oassy or t>een sent to say ofregardprospectperfect pUcer.Thsineriiinaldemsiriinnftir taterferenca,Committee of the Cflpipany, with the pnvate aridin the: Embassy, it is, of course, impos- gradual division of Central Europe between;bade adieu to City. At 2 P. H. they laft the Metro- aoUtan, and were escorted to PiA No. I NorthwiU he incltaed or able to dealcraticdynastieThe Japanese Embaaayol his Aldermanic duties in the brick and cement business.and toItselfof «'an«oJth«e«r'*.^EmpireSo we manywasbypeDedrepudiate-first Begiment and the Kaval Commlraiqn- ers. After a deUghtful sail up the North and East lUvers,viewingtheOreatEatternandtheNavyTaidontheroute,theywere oaboardthe placedproirincial ambiUons whieh,Seventyconfess, are not particularly sanguine.;gentlemanand ability, presidesNiMgara,;The Central Parkwas continuedTafpax and Crakes alltogether,of histheCity ates will,before thewas brought to a conclusion. Thethatwcallh an4after which her rulers have steadilycalculation, gavselaim^ntst|»(»fof being ableWs submit thatall knew that modsstydivided and dis- supplythe United Statespointgfte yw^gorft gfate0« ggtog^ Intte s<^ IM.aign liqguags. Xt a« cteelmatMt of tka eKOCciaes, witen they Uobber over their everyday their best to foster (hat raaeoTaaa (he City some serviee sad thentselves a ;ead a dlspats,.'' loito uBpreoeden(ed, (braaierection In MoaUjaa-atreet, Brcokijn,patrona^^.oiigtaaldenuu.'''^aearirfavor of buyers, the available supply having beenp<9iilarIKelier for Provisions, Crudeinquiry prevailed art or science is—discussion when guests areMr. Edwasds and hisarm their forts with weapons of war as dead-sought to distract rather than unite the members successfally every attempt of American ence within the borders of another State, andbut for the great through mail af- son not appearing, the Post-oflioe DepartmentofthePress. ThewholetraordinarytfiJapanese recep-and who have the Chairmanships and a up a new account for them. He discovered license ^d recklessnessVuterdayengaged Now Peck, claims on the claimstoin some quarters,thetttver by the Common Council Committee, the remains to be seen. Our expectations,disputedinvestigation Legislative Committee,and We should be wit'to see a cold ic ;;;Tereacethemore Uiaiibackward m doubUess. not be appropri-erament, throughmodels of some of our cannon, and in-of the appointment. Bumor says thatthe President had determined to sendthe name ofCol- Thomas to the Senate unfd within a fewmoments of the time when the appointment was struction as to the manufacture and use of strong enough to act as a formidable antagonist mate, but that he yielded to the wishes of Sec- everything required, both in offensiv* and de- to France,but not strong enough to dispense withround thewsnted much to see them. This veryinjusticebassyhowitzers and Dahlgreea guns,mys"terious whisperstheysimple and perfectly inrocentgiven rise to the "volomes of scsndal whiehretary Ploto.A— Pre**, partlyTcohkt, eess to it through tlie Court of Claims. That have been spread fay the Press i^wn this (President,) Booli, Brady, Cor-nkll,meetmg of the stockholders of thewe may rest We can only hope that we may notGsNxir, Plait, Smith, Hesrv, OwEXS—the Republicans being printed in ital-subject.We regret exceedinglythat the Press shoshlwaablown Metrepoils(he leastadvanced —"produced, it must come Tallow and Bpirita Turpentine. Cotton. Candles, in order to insure of either glory or profit.of the holdingbefensive war&re. That they will profit by this the alliance of England, should feel somewhatferred to"as Mr. Hale ad-occurrence hason ourtiiaC%ave arisen between the Company and the find ourselves among the earliest victims of eign, and not a little alarmed, also, at the barespecialAmKUan Telegraph Companyat the Aator House, to consider certain differencesexcessive liberality assured.part,nettledseeingin fortrtegraphfc messagesourover-zealousandmistakenofsucha,revivalwas held yesterday— ;Fasliv.into the prices charged and partly to an allegedDarragh, TxHxscgwas formittee of the Senste. Mr, Hale met them in self-defence and partly as a word of rebukebenevolence.on the part of the Executive What may be the ultimate results of this ex- France with Prussia as might resulttwoStates.was discussed at considerable length, the sible to.predict. Thus far caji beHe madevoice in all Committees afitotin{ that they were much more deeply injured i^ such 'matters, that they have no HgU tebuahiesa arrangementsthe most remarkabletheas theto those who coiqplain nd advice inofthe regardsubject to an fact about it is, that it shouWever have been But Americans hardly expected •ffieeia of the company endeavoring procurerof the PressadiounimeDt of the meeUng without any action at sent. We have received its members with cept implicitly the views of so plainly preju-kinds,however, a resolution was adopted,Ourdiced and interested a witness, on an eventmajoritycontract work, salaries and offices et id. omnealtauthorizmg the appointmentsto^oldera to arrange upon some terms mutual-ever their cause, and byFhially,marked and munificent hospitality.gen-than they hadof their bin''was " g^tKrwj«K"boaiBttnses &««*—I-'.'* ige. The Committee adjourned sine die. decidedly provincial in the eonvjulsloas into their powerful but dependent 'arelose some eversincethe.\ lOiinovjBfMQuaraBtinvInvestigation,theclalmofDr. whichwefall manthatpasses theirownpoliticalpurpbees.giventhe MrHaledidnotstandpresisslyin the posi-theAldeimsaicststwouldconsequentlyof the lustre, which it has displayedarrival of the Japanese. It would net be awas contlntied, Mr. Rat Tompkiks be- fnuiii in niritiansii He testified to the cir-as this must naturaUy of both nations asidewhich made it becoming fer him clear ths Courty-,,and it istimeceased.thethan the state of the worid to-day demands,bidder." These aresomuch jobs->.!!»««ofttearsonofwhichhewashightheyten-ptAv cocnixantpolicyto be bestowed at vrtB, snatoasonpriv-^ admismons to th^ friends at";^^of saving &. Thommoh's life." Theabsoluteand therefore it js but rightperson- "which lowestthe exposed eosdJHen except upon the piineifle'f ths on whichExcitements. excitements arepresents There is," the(?rM(£<i»t«Ta,with fuU in-the monarchyof Fredxricmightsupposedof theTreasury,of a committee offor the tranamlssion of the Press some hundreds of thousands of dollars for its mentous historical consequences. It is of no ^eniuImagined.ly satisfactory,dispatches, and to make a permanent contract wtw them therefor.But it is not alone'.he sphereThe Court of Appeals yesterday decided the spent case of the People against BowsH, which is under-wheels of her own resources of Centralgrateful City.«to»4 to bo in realityja suit between the Manhattanand the UettopoUtan Gas)to make their visit agree- whether the magnificentTheir favor follows them home not continue to be into their private business,out thousand dollars!authorifttlve denisL Oneto the would haveThe involved w»s Wtether the Governor .couldthat adifference In their [the claimants'] favor be- prompted them to this course,bills alter the adjournment of theaai the Court decided that he could—thus re-vernnc the decision of the General Term. ThevalidityofthecharteroftheMetropolitanCom- ourMinisterinJapanwasguardedbytroops pany is thus affirmed.impossible"so*fa»i in New. York that it ia sir crclyto be. hoped they win result in inftisinf! little port and influencetherefore, in the very placeher officers theplyingof the niV'arfmiran spirit into the pf. ilationsotiytake the place of the exaltation by which thfalUance forstrong, yea stronger claims infuture,be-with the duty of tenderingyeateidayneea was Prof Bbtwick. whe denied that he hadchaiginc the Oommiswoners with violanng their medium between brutal cynicism and frantic cessluly striven.KV- ^M,l>^tgave it as hU opinion that the general exuberance of' 'j.. ',principaltwice as m.K:htheyatingas largepossibleever sent a cemmunicatioa to the Legislature City is sow characterized, but U.ere is a happytins the English ohgarchy con always• difference'' to which he .lUuies, is enormouso»<rhich we have so ,?^b«c^ed,buttheir"testimonywasofnoimport- farnevermanagedtohit. Thereissomething cherishU.ehofleJne Park was bad. Several other witnessessenfiment,^ state,for a modest man—of the Dnitcd StatesNor ahoold it be won- certainlyMd olaimed to beversion nouncement that the beadsmore odious statements on the same subject wMch have appeared in By closely and patiently examining the votes he received no compensation. For souie rea- other quarters, we krow. We have it on hishave, indeed, very ma- and maintenance. Our City has little importance to us whether England cancontrive to Prussia still chained keep" or other" a some meanseral Government has ineurred an expense transportofwhich to may proveof profitable labor.mentsat least 1100,000 in professed attempts at its entertainment.or (he rewardof their services to aPresidsnt'sfigures,ese in thiscountry,or cannotWe have done eTery- to the chariotMr.when the charge of them could notthlng in our powerable and profitable to them.receive in return for aU this we ahaU know in crampedandwealth on their patriotic heads through theduetime. Atthelatestadvicessystemtoour late visitorswith us in a different spirit, alter Uieir return,—bill constitutesThe accuracy of olSgations,which they aflcrwordsprotectincondition of Ger- is—outsidewe are toandeven at the demand and the lifice of some imaginary dignify.;',!withdraw the favor.smaU incoherent nichsystempassions,of 1815, now multi- more to be, so longnow Tf welcome-enough weightWhen the was ten or twelve years youngerof tte may '"P^yidea to have the Cheat Eastern handed to the "Committee of Reception,"rulershaving gone to the house for the City Went stark mad over Kossuth and Jenny from the plain and practicalLind,it isexcuse, as ten years is an age in New York. SntHsb aadthe Pruswan peopleTreasnry,—supplying suchit now,iUegeMM employed in the Doctor's family was alaoe^imlned telatlv* to the articles destroyed. She caaejs still on.TheanaivmrtaryezerdsasoftheDeafandDumbftadtMnog class gave various exhibitions in the clar theli hands, wtd ,cut es^ts fer joy, tw^ BoaUsh Press itad, ParUaaaeut hiiTe din the erewd joins in the eatery ofol acqpidng dls- is not HkS^ssan te ss ws believe msssnies have he«IMk plac*Such hein« the facU of the ewe,at the Fanwood Institute, under the dheetloa of Prot Hutvcr P. Paxr.Anti-GalUcan alliancesThe alarmists of the be wondered,and thisbe considered' a valid, and into which the intelligencesionerstribution thereof.«eopportunity tiactioB in a pleasant way,But we haTe now attained suc'n a size eminence,thatsuchantiesbynomeansbefitus.it is not at that we find many"activecombinations an* TwentyHJz yanog ladtes and gentlemen of the Grown men are just as ridieulous when they forever dUsipated.jnstnday»9ABwwetH^^intrignfes,theWakted-Anothxs<vo .U'.'-nmpnt. in the attaiament,however sUght 1degree,the Prussian Regent accept Sover-for better luckthus leaving out in the cold Messrs. and next time, the pstUioasrs presented thetn- iave been made, to any degree, instrumeatslonthe hand held out to him by the FrenchNothing daunted, and hopingselves before Congress. Here they hit upon a giving currency or countenance to so gressshall or shftMunder that "known as the German Confederation.poursend of the Goddess Plenty's horn. the pregnant observation: "The enermsus character ofsensitiveness theii countjywomenand wastedA PruBso German alliance with Englandand longof an EnglishbUIfavorable hospitaUties—the cen- the breasts of and liberalli t».TOBK. 8ATUBDAT, JUNE 30.18W. down laat ereninr, during* rcat of wind. There tre of art and literature and commerce classes of eenaany, on the pretext that the dered at when we find (hat OiMe active Ihreetimti at it^'g'' 0" »ts return ts «ewere about forty men at work on the bniWing at is no longer 0(>en to dispute. We have won peace of the world can only be preserved by Democrats " bVve fallen into a habit of Iste of 8ena(e witk (he \C^< ^« question beiaff>-of wbom five only wer« seriously kurt. It i» probable that tbe hijuriea of three of theseesUmated— more soothiog to our There was a reduced business at the Block Er- body at all famous, or curious, or novel,'' or echoing for months past the language of the ore natural nothingthetime,"will prove fatal. The entire damage i» at $7,000.—intherace.fallen far into the rear, so that we may rely ondrawing to our. streets every thing and every degree, and thousands of Gtermaas have been Aqueduct Commissiooers. Nothing could be Senators veted in the aegatw^"' *^ twea^.otherkaaand their ruler. Thoy have succeeded in no slightalltheiraterials,suchasbrickand Shan(hebiBpass,(V^objecUoaofthePre*. m*• ^^ anchor in- We need have no doubts or mis- reigns, has become infiamed with this Teutonic have the privilege of being consulted as to their We hope fliat oar Republican friends d« M^that a week later become matters for shame of the AnU-NapoIeonic party in England would City is to be freed from these combinations in gress to reconsider a bill, by whieh Ibef had. OurJapanesevisitorstaketheirdepartureandregret«.itwouldbepardonableinanodoubthavebeenveryweUansweredbyafineherBoardsofLegislation,itwouldbedifficult soughttebestowaponap^ceredUortwaavin the Bank. Prince Regent of Prussia to have such a pres- Railroads wereveiy respectable persons at home, ^but,theiT Our great events are ceasing to be rare. This sure put upon himself and his (Government. It time for talking about " Forty Thieves" would perfectly reliable souree, compels ns to refer—social intercourse with us has not beenovereverysimilar simi helodgedputintooperatisn.But thebu( (hereceipt of thefi>Ilowingnote, (roai aneither speak nor tmderstand a syllable of no'^bihave the arrival of the Benecia Boy to lookconverse through the medium of a double in-dream' than Italian unity. They see Sardinia^han yet shadowed and extortionate t anytmngI know that it Is rot fortopciaible the editor at anewspaper to b« iB:p<«ed upon. However warr ke~'-— may b«, errors may soicetlices creep into Us r-each other's language, and are compelled to foiward to next weektheir ''intercourse must lack something of the ease and grace essential toterpretation,in each other's society. The pantomiine of the Japanese isi^ per-one of the two jfteara whe able and pains-taking Judges of that tribunal, have this Embassy la charge, and iiuinlred 9f hla iAtlantic Cable celebration without a sneer? if passionate hostility to France and oredulous now deceased, and upon the judicial character whether the slatemerta ic. the jontnal refer^d'ta^ and Who is there who will not ridicule the Jap- devotion to England are to result only in ad- of one of the living members. Judge Scar- those contained In the note in yoor eohmas, wencordial andprotracted delightexpressive enough,pantomimethe of theOne tires of it after a while, even on theIn the affairs of daily life, a ver> little of it will suffice for a long time.8ummerjre have already had the Japanese; has just hegnn to occur to the Prussian leaders seem to have gone by, and the City subsides t« it again :especiaily fascinating. Wh^n persons can ara ecstacles over the Great Eattem; that Sjpnnan unity is not necessarily more of a into apathy under a system^ more monstrous T»auMti*fr9fVuKe»-T*rtiTimf.to herself the whole Italian Peninsula by the force of her enlightenment, succession afterwards. We must not, and her freedom and her detemuned policy.of the worid'sthe Prince of Wales and Prince Napolkon in rapidgradually drawingmimicipalcannotwe allow the rabble of theshouldHall to vote part in Germany!' It is all very well;and are promisedforth in the course experience.over them all.not PrussiaCityand In U» letter **of the relations ot'ndunfoundedaaaspersionupon wethe cfaarao-France is the laat hope of the aristo-andhonestprofitsmadebythesepeople,letusoriginalmy chief ebjectioB to it." Mr. BccHAHAH'a oaleulationof ought feel com-England. continues to be the chaos ofparty as the poUticalWhen Wliyplay the sameat the best away our money for processions, balls and to distrust France and denounce the the Court of Claims in the Senate, the other porting to have been n~itten by An AnwiieSB ofi-in a certainillununations, we are always sorry for it after- Bomapartes, to invoke the shade of BLtrcaaa, cer," which jour colamca I caHadjourning, perhaps forever, daywith which great German Confederation around the banner ofde-it a — forfacrThe Japanese, moreover, have very little ofthat personal beauty,—that majesty of de- events will hereafter come upon us, renders it the HouENzoLLSKNs, Prussia may well hesitate After denouncing some bill Oiat had passed the truth In the slaLdera which have appeared la xtVtm meanor, graceful dignity of manners or even absolutely necessary, in order to preserve the as to the part which it becomes her to assume. Bsnsts at its last session, he said that it had, journals, aad that bo weaan in this or any othar etiyNapoleon, ever approached this Japanese boy tn azu other way upon "by some means or other, got through the than to satisfy mere c-.^.oiitT. He s&ld that Tomn times answer in place of social qualities, and should be more chary of our processions, din- hearing of the proposed Bavarian Conference Court of Claims." A more severe impeach- had received some childish notes telling hla that theof outward appearance, which some- means ofrender their possessors favorites in the best ners and balls. If we tender everybody our at Baden, at once invited the Prince Regent ment of the integrity br ability of a Judioia^ writers were glad he had come to this countiy,hs p a<elegancedoing anybody anyreal honor, we Hence, when theEmperorsocial circles. They are small offtature, taw- " hospitalities," and follow everybody up with to a meeting with himself at the same time ney in complexion, sleepy and feeble in their a " committee of reception," they will ston and place, the Prussian ruler caughtcan be There is no he would be a good boy, &e., tec. ; and that this is aUin whieh any ease can pass ttus Court, except upon such testimony and upon the ap-wise at home, but they have been quite as pru- for anything really admirable one- iota dinun- of Prussia, the cohort of Kings, Grand- might be clothed with the same jurisdiction.physical appearancecease to have any meaning, to sar nothing of at the snggeettoneagerness altogetherand habits, and with onlywaywith uithose characteristics calculated to excite their expense, when our City conducts them. disgusting to his English allies. Inplication ofa momentary curiosity. They may be verj- We do net wish to see anybody's admiration the presence of Napoliok and the P ince tablish it in any othrr Court in the land, thatdent here in their displays of wisdom as in their expenditures of money. We doubt whether any of our citizens, or any of the corporationsbut we do wish to see the MunicipaU- dukes and Electors, sinks into a very secondary become a little stronger in the nerves, shake jn^rtance, and asstimesinthe eyes of Europethem visits more or formal, have learned from them anything whatever concerning their country, its govern- ment, its people, their habits, commerce, and towards other nations, tSan theywhich haVe paidfuture policyknew before. We doubt whetherBoole has been made either a wiser or a betterrsmarksup by women towards the Japanese, iiad been ehar-this visit of a our.jshores.ofant results of completely demoralizing the (Ger- man propaganda against France, and ofconfirm- ing Prussia in her proper place at the head of theplundered conveying of Claims andble indecorum. It stated, in exfdicit terms,"that does receive love-letters fnMsknowledge,the secret of the ism as a dcy of shame and humiliation for Confederation. In the first of these aspects, it Hampshire of—Treasury, formed awU^ were handed over to the executive officer, " read,Japanese ^not to impart it.came to acquireSenator from New-exception in thisfoolish young ladies;" that" there erery d«y—strength and power of that formidable civiliza- tion of the West, which has so^ startled the ap-curioeity,all true Geman hearts. The London Times, era venality,and wasreadyand sent bsck to theof those wtMa desire'to exploreto denounoe has been ex- is certainly a new diplomatic triumph of the all public robbers, whether they appeared asc^onand its conquests, had quite as much to do withtolfingPrussianaturalathytuallyopenthe gates of Siphon to the wnmoCTceof „.,. ..,„„» «„To,^jeg j„to ^ sudden fory of contemptof the slumbering East by itspermanent good acceptance of the Emperor's invitation wasaim (naaelhaan. w Prussia is the natural of NgfrTofkrolinhope man,mightfsslin aoasethatpresentedsuch thanwehadtheir visit ascloser relations with other Powers andhe felt a"partieular latereat"—suchanythat the Prince-Begent has gone to ^^^^ ^^^^^ ^^ Baden-Baden, \vith Napolxoxm"par-thst oar Imaielie bchoals Man nocisl tntlnpnrrs were -detafliberal wish to cultivate Europe, hearingawere coopeBed thetelieif,for aeanir,«ndispnblishedelsewherein-thismom- theworld. Wehavedoneourutmosttograt- theblindness,greed,andincapacityofGermans Isrdgoodservice.Judge DorOLAS' letter of acceptance has ap-and instruct them. We have shown themOerman unity. And however that unity maivhoped.iag'sination in accordance with the established usagesa aatisiitctorily, he feels bound in honor and duty to ,them in the processes of all the nseful arts, and yet flies directly into the fowler's toils.throwaboutager of Russia, that lady has dene tier satlUL.ishedtycouldto insinuate that the Judgeshave intendedcityare too serious to belightlygiven way to.States saorlfioed, in spiteof the able solicitorspublishedGreatly to our regret, weretpieet. constrained te;Mr.Hale, therefore,onlythrice famous frontier of the Bhine, tolookfollowedwas — acterized by the grossest and most disreputa-each other in thepast as t!ieruler of Francein the second, it ought even-;Senators or Judges.It turns out that about this time»Mr. Hai.xhead of Germany, and as, of all the "Great Powers ofgreatRipples from the Aldermanic Pool.way-bag mail,more by the united Democracy of the Bute, the strong- harbors. It is only a few years ago that crowded to the same place, there discovered a secret little less auriferous than vice. Mr. EnwARDS went to the Court of as badinage than as serious statements o( CmH,mationofajointelectoral tichet, to be supportedthatallSovereignsor rather one of whom the upontheupon whom,were very grcss exaggerations, intended" stone." We Claims, and the Court rejected his claim. —that no letters whatever from women haveTimes thus confers the supreioe an^itratioa ofment of Lieut. Col, Jobnsob as Quartermaster- struction as to their use. Our Government their common destinies. It is but natural that who always vote together on money questions, through by some means' or other," it would their writers, and that 'Me only foundationIt is understood that the legality of the appomt-General, is to be contested by Col. TnoifcAS, who declined, from pruilnfiil motives, to acede to the English Press, alter laboring so sedulouslyAldermen a combinaiion of eleven membersHale, where worthless claims maybe ''gotfee Japanese,which could cast discredit uponwas entitled by the rule of promotion to the po-aitlon. The friends of the latter are quite mdig-nant at what they denominate the positive morcliberal, if theyliave not; and the Em- and France, and after urging the aggrandize- be enjoyed; and who are frequently re- answer the purposes of Mr. Edwards and his children, welcomiiig the, Japanese and sayingbetween Prussia takes back complete models of our best ment of Prussia up to a certain point at whichirrespectivewhich couldtheir request.Biit.^weappointed on committees where perquisites.canpalm anointing,associates. Notwithstanding the generalhave sincegrown to sowdistrust and HIfeelinglobby logio,notes have come in daily, apparently frwnpolicy,— them followsmore the air of a cortege coipe to do honor to the the button-hole and lobbied with, of than of a captured byselves, however, compels us to say that kc did write the communication refened t«, and thatoff its tendepcy ia hysterics and avoid goinglea^ Into fits once a week. The emotions of a large arbiters the Continent, Congress or befooled, and the interests of the UnitedFrance and Ptnssia at Baden.France and Germany have met on that ferenee it would be idle to Itwho have th«m in especial sharge. This was grave charge againstconduct of a very large number of Ajnerieaaof Princes consulting upon the common de- fence of their common Fatheriand.it wasin our columns at hisspdculate.may very possibly produce no practical and in the same vein, touching the facility withof Oer-the most near and deaf to England, on m'any. If it be true that tlie Priifce Regent's was very maeh sxeieiMd by a oaas ia whiehTims. He finds the platform adopted atCharleston,andreafiirmedatBaltimore,tobeatrue embmliment of the principles of Democracy, the wonders of our mechanics,and in reviewing the proceedings at Baltimore, machinery, and have taught them how to make without wit enough to knofr deadly bait from prai-;tical interest to the whole civilized world no ether thsn the Artiiur Edwards claim, that fiom the beglznirg, ia the miin a miseraUe comes to the conclusion that he received the nom- and use it for themselves. We have given wholesome food, and to a blundering crow, tliB.1 it.should be effected. America, in least, has become somewhat notorious frosa the veto and slander, festered the scandsl-and German Piinces inPrussia is politely compared to a stupid tfout,abetween theoriginalifybarndoor,accept the nomination. He teitcrates the prin- and have even put into their hands the most The Timts apparently interprets the interview a pTMt ccmmercial people that the vexatious There is certsialy great room for explanationof the party. These preliminaries being settledwhich- sees its father nailed uponperhapsto(or somebody figureloving propensities a:Kl reckless e.vaggetatioBaof non-intervention by Congress with Slavery in the Territories as the vital principle of Dem- ocracy, and the only one calculated to restorediviijims which now the energy of paralyse—in a«d wewrongfully strengtheiiedstampedwith an-cipleto inodern warfare. It will not be our fault if, with their quick in-of June as the overture of anew litical opera, at the finale of which we are toabout it,"The Mozart Hall General Commiltce held alaat night, and passed resolutions offer- staples withpaternalthat should continue to keep Prussia Englandis told bymeeting "ing a remedy for the presenttiacted " condition of the Democratic Party, and our shoulders, if they are not able^to build andon a war-fcotipg at the door of her own For- the simple an- eig^n Office.them models ofour inventions,hfijs no reason for worshiping the idols ofunmanly byfoniiidable engines knownofourhave instructedbethepowerbroughttrmnquilUty to the coimtry, now threatened with genuity, they do not very speedily become see the- Emperor of the French bestowing his that tt.e frontiers ot the Rhine should be pre-hope liiat this room will be promptly occupied. officer" in That he should have question.From ths debates of the blohe, ss the story denied the writing of the letter appears in-blyi^jve disclaimed as credible. That he has positivelyit contained, andbraQded,a£ positively and dis-the calamity of disunion. able to fabricate for themselves all the greata new Confederation served as the Allies in Dans dictated them, orlearn thatwhich we have been lo hopingthem. The blame will not restto on pointuponcensuring thetions of leading men at Washington) who havefanned dissensions, magnified differences, and ly as any known to us, and to resist Continental Governments have met in Confer-is thenom-of <3ermany have eat candidate to be chosen, which, accordmg to the Japanese Authorities applied to our Gov^ to wait upon Mas,, words of the potentatesmail fromthe Northern Lakes. He was paid for theingeneral,particular.about,it is apointofclearandmagnificentmarginWeaieverygladofanopportunity^sayof the 16thpo-;|bethe ncrman race should swept away,thanbenediction onof the Kbice. white the Prince Regent of Prussia hears up his iraperig] train in the rear.the frienA of theCapt. EuwARDB and his associates transported unfounded the substantial allegations whichto enure to theintheBoardofAldermenon allownauthoritythat the statements of his letterfectingthat of the fabledhave found that there exists in the Board of Though that tribunal, accordingas is well-known, has strongunder the Metter- gratitude of the Croton Board strongMr. Hale, but wasvindicated Mr. Tcles, explain and qualify in others. byitwasPrussia wiU retain justthat,Roads, —as the says-andb^ a Commit-preponderanceher intelligence entiUe her, and should Peckbtit unsuc-While things remain manstaintogJapan- ese, a diimer would now be a pleaaiog Changs. The only objection to it would be that there and we would not be nearly so many Eckels to dis-Germanfnendniforhisfriendsin those sewering jobs whichout at the discretion of the Board, withoutistheSenatorsfo;te— tribute forUntitleu"to CourtofCWm»-t«kennpby Hali, offeritsdf,wldHere U a oas« teje«t«4 ky Mr.d Doocumentthief!"andforever inthepast,fromthewho, " with so much distUwfloBover the Committee onBALL.-We tauat the Al- not about to Io«,designedin that chaos to need tlie sup been appointedSena- who was,giving we beUeve,oflines; who are always seem thst there was no soft appliasce, no for the whole story is the lacl, that five or sixinCity Hall as the Aldermenparty nooponsess"Tliese eleven consist of Aldermen Peck, vertises it. thsse gentlemen couldicsAldermenSKAOBfflT, andgig widely celebrated'factEx-AldermanThomasPresident of the Boardhim.and torftsmNew-Hampshireandpatronageshould consider their friendsofiti. Anotherin thepool."as theto ac- tion, celebrations and civic festivities of all with arms as openall such jolly jobsinmeie Aldermanic duties, that these men reap*ority or with their tacit concurrence.at the Cor- and net intendingflavors and price. He is an expert at the bus- intend to make martyrs of themselvas ia. AisthatAustria and Prussia, and of taking the leader- tu be feasted on the very best the land affords, rendered serrioe on the fforthem I«kes, andwere vouched forNaw-Haiapshiia, (he President could net havabeenfarontef iaae-way celling open Oea-imderadapt our demeanor to our rank—to admire first proposed the of the nunor opinion of an opinionative kind? assemblageheartily without iadulging in extravaganoea German Princes at Baden ; and the purposes 'Whether the day wiB ever come that ourherebalanceofpower betweenthesubjectthoughaswicistessuchquiet. The freight engagements were less ex- malce an efTort to wear our honors msekly, Ut monarchies. It was the King of Bavaria who Alderman Cobkill should be asked to give an Mr. BiiranAM of Miehigan, and Mr. Hau efGermany awayfrom both of theseproperthan thatbygood Repablicaas sstribunal hardly finagined.the solicitors. It wasStarr and gate, at least, was shut against them.bought(hereby,iinegW?*» ^such as would es- legal principleswereUpon the immediate results of thisCon- a the Court and against accept It as conclusive on the point thst thewhieh the Treasurythe idea that while the Courtother -Senators might unite ia the robbery oftheyet the splendiddestined toiil'<: and it is of more consequence to us as even wider notoriety thsn it has yet achieved. of a portion of the public Pre-*3, and mo^of the and is President,Barxt, Baolxt, Bcssxll,The eleven men are those who figure $25,180. They went to the Post-office Com- ter of American wcmes. But urge, pertlytween their owntake the case of Alderman Wm. J. Pxcx, who amount granted by the presentbut forStivekscouldnothave (hePost-offiesa»lPostdermen arethecause His Honor the Mayor could remove this clslm. Mr.strpng propUnder these circumstances, it is not to be and thst the President, in hie statementwondered at that Peck should exert liis » citangle influence to gel jobs under the Croton Boardthat he should take an interestthat the Commis-in the dis- the culpritYiLEE vetoed by the President,saysand a« there is as much money in ;Treasury as ever, BoOLi and hu assoeuasgubstantiaUy correct.a sum aaot the occasion. A« he gave a. tutelary guar-Wmms.polatThe Artknr Edwards Ctaini and the ments made In the new^apexs relating te tka Jspaa-to asssfl of Clsims, or to harangue his brotherattackuponpeeredsenspaper,lately contalsed,In the Tihss. aid tectedinhisspeechbeyondwhatmettheeye^ aaylighehadcotevenseenit.find no ac-one ia theaflirTnative. This ii^<Mstiaaseeas— to have been decided a strict '^'ethe found atioc there is for all this icasdaL He gaeeme the liberty cf contracictlc; on his aufbertty the atatemenls I have here referred te. I send ran han- with my name and address.Respectfully fours.We have stnick out the name of the ctfiScerreferred to, because we have ifb right to Make were bribed, or it public without iiis consent. Justice ta ear-.parentsTreasury.He espoused Tt^ow editors the responsibility for state- uponwhich have been made upon their au-There time, the effect ef viiiich would have has been no time during the stay of the Japan-quickbeen, on theEdwards and his associates upwards of eightynaval officers ta have arrested theseto giveThis bill was sent to the scsndals hy a singlewho returned it with Us veto,whichto know all about tee of Reception" assigned tothat the on the mostchargedorigiaslly demanded, of .heto the necessitiesbaU to thea aa for a ball, and banquetbad bodilywethsre is s^ese Tomrr, and partlcolarly those whiefc hxraHeie la a easeiBterested tb kcow Oie tnth er falsity Of tke «sl»-appearedpronouncedHe saU there was a*:.to wlaich we relaoi-training, pub- AseanMy- much l66ateg«9K sias»r0B9n»tion of womende-mand and the ultimate overlayings. This was that we believe ths wkcle .'?tory to have beenaad(henticity by tlie statements of the Navalte have prevented their publicationover with the and leadthemweieall dreamsefdynasfic pre-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York<}niip»»,«tth sg^asttaewhtseoigftSwOttyCatliacs.13aq Pemoor»t»"wtiirely o«n«Wa«fertunes by dfllsffpusksd (hi9««;h069www.fultonhistory.com-8t^ onhUealoulatienuAand nndor his patrenage taken for the protection of ths Prises of Wsl 