 WAUL-CXS THR-TRR, Pooa YMTM MAX.the United States. The latest decision is that of papers nave black Vats and white lists of thethe highest tribunal known to the law, the Su- commercial houses of New York, sad that thepremeCourtoftheUnitedStates,inthecaseof blackareproscribedandthewhiterecom- Dred Scott This is final, and settles the ques- mended. Then there is an original letter froma Petersburg correspondent, in which the ope- rations of vigilance committees are described, and the throwing into jail of persons having the Albany Evening Journal in their possession. l a addition to these incentives to revolution, themently urged by many partisan presses in the the heights that guarded either side, and for worthy of profound reflection. Here we have a I*tch of inflammatory paragraphs, some of%*"EW YORK HERALD. vio—», atd 105 more than happened during Che cor- «ri>i3 much mnre vital than that of 18S2. That responding ircek »f Uistyear. S.arlet feter. croa» the ccni^rvauve1 voters of the great CentralJ i S K S UUaOVJI i C I H T f , had <nflammttT> campkiaU continue to sweep States knew exactly how the matter stands,Viae Po*ltt©_ of turn FlgUt faDesperate Coadftion o* the Black Be* publican*.The conflict that is now going on in Congressis one of the moat important that has evercome np between the great and growing inte-rests of tbe country. It involves far greaterresults than tbe old bank discussion, tariff de-bate, internal improvement theory, and thenumberlessconflictsbetween thedifferentin-bassy in London as an American citizen is not rale over the minds of over a hundred mi-iasa vetyladjlike,andisonlyin keeping withthe ofmen—ifhecanthusfulfilUs Uaportaat•*•-DfTOS AND PBOrfDETOB. trnoa K. v.away a large number of children. T ie deat-sfn.m these diseaaea more than make op the in-cannot be doubted. Politicia_i can calculate onlj the partisan vote; they work In nar-ping out of his legitimate sphere—of comma-d- rsor was the rule at which the "lady' affects ing a hundred thousand bayonets. This it, In-DKAM. _ _ _ _ _ _ITWW *OWBS» T-RATS*. Bowtry.-TmHI»CBI_J Xi—i or Cur—.0«oaooa-day, via: at 9 A. M., and 3 and 9 o'clock P. M.:— Georgia puts forward Cobb, Stephens and Toombs; Tennessee, Andrew John- Kin; Louisiana, John Slidell; Mississippi, Jefferson Davis and several others; from Ken- tucky we hear the names of Guthrie and Breck- inridge; Illinois and the West bring forward Senator Douglas, whose nomination is vehe-mended. The examination of these led to the exhibitionoftheir logicalconnectionwith Seward's abolition platform laid down at Rochester. The course of the black republi- can party was evident It is caught in thetion Jorever.The Coming Polltlr o-Religlmi* StruggleBROAPWAT BOCTTJOIR. 444 Rf0*dw*J.-Or* *—<- LAST or LTOW—ACTBKMor Au. wo**.»ASat...Hen. 90 07 Hon. 30.19 lue» 2999Wed. 3u.ii* rhur •.,3u _! rrt.2130.19Saturday—Overcast; aiternoon overcast with sleet crop of cadidates, such as Dickinson, who willabolition ofTHBATRSIlII-LI flGU Df BlMlU.flrOMWV.-LMJlC»S*defile passing from the theoreticalSeward to the practical incendiarism and civilwar of Helper and Brown. The conservativeieeling everywhere poured its battalions upon continents of Europe and America which are Tribune of j e&terday copies from other journalsM-RCalS,S »l aThere are two questions now agitating theB A U D a i 1M1IUCAJJ ¥U«tTM. *TMg*«*J-'**r ML* add ETeaiaf -TMHRor* *sc**_0R-Ra» SA*QB*BKTAWTW anwrrasLS. me**nifi' B*tt. *T» Braadwaj- Be__wva*. u m , DAK**, fcs -JO*H*T UO«LU.HIRI^V* BALOOR, Broadway-H**o. 0w"KJI»»,Mi!' iNorth and West. But Mr. Douglas'course dur- forty two days the black republican party hasing the past two years has so far alienated stood atbay,fearing tbeadvance towardsthefcuuthern support from him as to make openplainof abolition,whichWill bring cer-them showing that Harper's Magazine and Week- ly are proscribed at the South, that several per- sonshavebeenarrestedforcirculatingHelper'•M**u or •*•«. DASOM. n*__*%-», **-Ti* KOCTO sat.. aijSO39him unavailable in the present positiontain destruction, or to retreat to its old posi- tion of theoretical Sewardism, where desertion and disintegration await it.*oo*.CUXTOB OA1X.-MA. Brnoo**' Lacraax o» THATF.II* l i i s O i.o WORLDIB_J—S.of affairs. In New York we have a plentifulPLYMOUTH CBURCH, Rroo*ll_.-n*. flovaMB I Uaj- ana rain ouring evening.roK* o* t u i UBBAT MtrruiT *st> SWOT K***__»» i* Sunday—Ciouay; afternoon clear and pleasant; rughtck*r and pleasant.laMA ______ Moui'nj—Hiarallday;nightclear.never refuse another nomination; Horatio Sey mour, Fernando Wood and General Wool.Going over all this lis: carefully, and acknowledging willingly the uudeuiabie capa- bility of the statesmen whose names are men- tioned in it, w e are forced to the conclusion that no one of them can command the reservedbetween the principles of right aud wrong, in keptupasteadyfireuponthepartyanditsTherefore,whethertheeyesofmankindmemechanichasbeendrivenfromNorthCarolinaLIBRARY HALL,Hew*rt-H*ATTO*,sP_u.oa Orfi* •_« o* OUT*I4. *TRIPLE SHEET.Tut-stia) —Overcast all day; nigbi clear. Weuueeci»y—Clear; afternoon clear; night overcast. ThurMii}—Uvcrcatt; afteruoua clear: night clear. >ri,laj—Clear; afternoon clear; night clear.MUtuday—Clear, Afternoon clear; night clear.The cotton market yesterday was somewhat lees active, while prices were steady; the sales embraced about 000as an incendiary, and that in South Carolina the field and before the country at large. Men there are facts presented to their view of the an incendiary has been hanged by the Vigi-lance Committee.Tbe Legislator met last evening, and bothbosses went into Committee of the Whole and pre-pared for a third reading of a number of bills,most of them, however, of no general importance.The bill regulating the Heilgate pilots passed trueSenate.TheAssemblypassedtoathirdreadinga voterswillcometothepollstoelectaconsti- bill authorizing the trustees sf Columbia College toopinions of John Sherman; and in putting for- verse to his temporal authority. They haveward his claims that a salve shall be provided seen how much the interests of the Churchtor his wounded feelings, he simply places him- have been injured, and tbe cause of Apostolicselfandhisnotionsofhonorinthefirstplace Christianityretarded,bytheirreconcilablebefore the vast interests of thirty millionsof dogma of concentrated political and religiouspeople. If Mr. Sherman really feels that he domination : and, after many long years of close proximity of the danger and the mighty hascommittedagreatwrong,lethimcomefor- thoughtandreflpcticn,themostintelligentCa-purchase and sell certain real estate.The main features of the European news by thetutional ruler over a great nation, are always exceedingly interesting, but just at the present juncture they become of vital importance. And the plain fact of tbe case is thatAfrica bad been anticipated by our telegraphic re-port from S t Johns, N. F.. publiahed on Saturdaymorning, after the arrival of the Circassian from the coming Presidential election is, from lialway at that port Oarfilesby the Africa, dated a variety of cause-, the most important which in London and Pari-* on the Cth instant, contain, has taken place since that ofl^Jii. when General however, some very interesting extracts relative Jackson was re-elected after a "tocteftt unpre- to the great religious crisis in Europe,the Congress,and our own great " conflict," all which are pub-lished in the HKBAti) this morning.ward in a manly and patriotic way, and ac knowledge it and repent. Dui while tbe party which is pressing him as its leader still circu- lates and recommends the teachings of Helper us pood black republican doctrine, and clinsrs to the brutal and bloody philosophy of Seward,tholics have at length concede! that lire two positions are diametrically opposed to eachstakewhichisatissue. Alreadythesmokeis showing itself at doors and windowe. and soon will the irrepressible flames burst forth, unlessBy the overland mail we have advices from Sant'rant-isco to the 2d instChampion, from New York, arrived out on the 1stInst., and was to leave on the 5th for Panama, in company with the Golden Age. An interestingstml of speed between these rival steamers wa looked for. Business continued very dulL The an]Dual statistical reports of the commerce of Califor- nia Lad been published. They show a steady in crease in all the departments of trade.We have files and letter- from South AmericaThe Vanderbilt steamerprogress of liberal principles have had much to do with the triumph of this great idea. Where, then, will his Holiness look for sup- porters '.' Where can he expect to find men who,his power *.o appoint, to refuse to take any ac- tion in the matter until it suited their own pur- pose; and hence in nome cases the interests of the city were frequently neglected for a longdated at Buenos Ayre* the .Mth of November andBioJaoiero the 8th of December. Buenos Ayres creation of a vast moneyed corporation, insist-will command the reserved vote.The plainwas snout to re-eater the Confederation. Delegates ed upon the renomination of General Jackson, to the Constitutional Convention, empowered to because he was the only man, in their opinion, voteformallyonthesubject,Wouldbeelectedonthe whohadthe nerve andtheabilitytopilottheSlat of December. England was determined to ship of State out of the breakers and brokersduty of the Charleston Convention—in point offact, the only way in which it can act tosecure victory for the democracy—is to nomi-make a new difficulty with Paraguay relative to the impri-onment of a man clainsed as an English sub ject. whose case we have already reported. General V.Flores,theexileofMontevideoinK'i7,wa-tin comma—d of the frontier troops of Buen:^ Ayres.among which she had been driven. The tri- umphant election of General Jackson, the vin- dication of all his measures by the country* and the lustre which y e t surrounds his name,South, to read the blacklesson, to preserve the institutions of the coun-that has a claim on their services, or as the what the nominee intends to do with regard to sion, and there they have little to hope for. It missionaries scattered over the world by the the appointment of his subordinates, and otherwere about three hundred tho_>and sacks of coffee mere mention at our hands. The point is, that on hand in llio, and the prospect »a< that the crop if General Jackson in 1832 had relied on hist .i corns in would be the largest ever known in partisan vote he might have been defeated. He Brasil. Prices were expected to fall very soon. went directly to the country; he had the con-measure or series of measures that could pos-.- nutional men in Congress continue firm in their they also wish and think, in Europe as well system is to be carried out, by them. On that bly be adopted. resistance, and seek honestly the means of that as in America the influence they exercise N occasion Mayor Wood sent in the name ofGideon J. Tucker for President of the Croton 8_NIT_RV CONDITION OF THK CITY—RBPOUT OF ing on among the masses of their constituents. of sympathy in favor of tbe Pope. But the Board, in place of M. Van Schaick, resigned,Bonea, Joints, Ac., 4; brain and nerres, W; genera-ignore the floating vote altogether. They aa-whether there be a European Congress or set.tire organ*, 10; heart and blood Teasels, 20; longs,"?__ njtrsrtmuAUf*»•*•*»**•«•»or/fL*"""?*^ throat,ftc,179;oldage,6;-km,Ac.anderuptive tion. Theattentionofthesevotersisnowear-«W,«r HINT •»••*, W* ^ T T " y?!S!!?Xl?H^y •TT1MorSIItJMTMB—irW 9/A«Mkifr<MMw» *••!» •** ' - * • » **The plans of tbe Emperor of the French—whichIE a r o p e .Ntw Y ork, T n u d B f , J A a u r j r » * , I860. baks, closing on the basis of quotations given In another vote of the Central States; and without that noWhen the Emperor Napoleon, at the com-mencement of the year 1859, was aboutto begin th e great campaign whichMAILS FOB EUB.0PE.from a common sense point of view.didates, whoever they may be, of the party conventions at Chicago and Charleston will re- ceive the lull vote of their respective parties,T_# W *w I"»r_ H*r_»«*-JD-Ht*»_ ft»r actioas. Wheat was easier, and {prices irregular; teedrove the Austrians from Italy, the views whichhe held at the time, and the plans which be in- dent. First, it severed the religious ties, thenl i » t > iTto «V—rd uj_i ft«*ii__p K.mip*, C*j>t. Leitch, wilisales were light, Including Canadian white at SI 40, and a small lot choice Kentucky sold at 11 60. Com was steady, andthedemandfair. Porkwasfirmer,withsalescfmesstended to pursue, were plainly foreshadowed inapamphletwhichwasissuedshortlybefore. Subsequenteventsprovedwhatwaspreviously very generally believed—that the intentions of the Emperor had been very faithfully set forth in that pamphlet. The course of the Italian campaign was strictly in accordance with thetbe social, and now the commercial ties are beingsnappedonebyone. Itonlyremainsto breakthepoliticalconnection,andtherevolu- tion is complete—the Union isdissolved. It is to sever this last link ot the chain which binds tbe North to tbe South that the republican presses are laboring with all their might.column. Theflourmarket was heavy and inactive, while some kinds of 8tate and Western were lower; Canadian ana Southern were also less buoyant, with moderate tra_f-party can win. The matter must be looked atleareBMHO*OOWetloesd-y,forLiverpool.TheEurope**m*i»will|C1OE#intaiscitythisaf- at$1660a$1662ljforold,andat$1726a$1760for andsotbewholequestionresolvesitselfintoternoon , *t h*U p—il ooo o clock. \» go by r_ilro*0, »od *t three o clock, U> ( o br *to*mbo*l.new; old prime at $11 70 a $11 76, and new at $13 26 a $18 60, and uninspected at $13. Sugars were In fair de- mand, with sales of 1,000 hhds. Cuba muscovado, chieflythe securing of the reserve vote, which always goes on the safe side. If the Charleston can- didate can command the support of the conser-The Embunu* _>m«.u> of ru> BMULB #U1 be paklisbM*t te» o'ciovk _ UIB mornaig. S»igte copke* ui wrupper* running goods, at 7c. a 7\ c Freights were steady, with vative independent men of the North, his suc-UtM*Subaoriftloo* UMI —lv-rtisoiiiuLl- for *ny edition of theM«v Y os* U _ _ L » will be receive* at the following plane*la Barope;—LosDOS....MHBPMOIJOW,Son_ Oo.,47LadgmteSill. Unsing, 8t-rr « C. , T« King William *tr«etF i_A L——log, Balawui k C « , 8 piaoe de 1* Bouri*. LJI-LKMH..Lansing. Starr * Oo., So. 9Chapel streetR. Stoart, 10 Kxchanga strett, KM-Hi n _ L*n_ng, Balawin _&».,_, rue Corneille. BAMBCM. .De Cb*pMnroBg. _ CoThe aoate*— of MM K\BO*_>* _MTIO» or m Hou_> will oo_b_e the news received by m_l end telegraph *t t*o oflloe d«r_g the previo-s week and up to the hoar of pvbUcatM*-T_t- Wows. BothheusesofCongresswerecrowdedyestsr.day with spectators. In the Senate Mr. Douglasdelivered a speech upon bis resolution providingforthesuppressionofconspiraciesandinvasionsof areenlisted. Theactionofthedemocratic StatesandTerritories. Wejireafullreportofhisreuiarks. In the House Mr. Corwin discussed thepolitical questions of the day at considerable length*There wai no ballot for Speaker.cess is beyond peradventure.notyet been named—such a manthedemo-NEW YOBK HERALD, TUESDAY,JANUARY 2 4 , 18S0.-TRIPLB 8H-BT.•••"'''•.creased mortality as compared with last year.or a_ss_ c _ » wvuKm srs. The report oh_ifies the diitaset a* foilewa.— row circles, aid sometime*, through ignorance,so much surprise first established by the pre- deed, tbe way in which the question is to be sent administration. Mr. Dallas states that h« resolved It seems now of little Importancefarere, 87; utilibcrn and premature birth, C; nestly directed towards the Charleston Conven- stomach, bowels and other digestive organs, 63; tion. The threatened withdrawal of Soutbern uncertain aeat and general fever*, 38; urinary or- trade, and the angry, embittered feeling which gans,2,and10fromviolentcauses. Thenativitytetests that have thrust themselves into the po# retary of State. A case in point occurred in governments of the civilized world—will, ac-table gives 387 satires of the United States, 70 of prevails in that section, has not been without . . . . _ _ 1 _ . t-mn . I A Hlitical field; for it includes the very existence ofbanks, commerce, manufacturea, public works M a e T e r , „,{£,* else in its all embracing results.*It is well, therefore, that we should take a viewot tbe field and scan the position of the fightNovember of the same year, as will be seen by cording to all appearances, be carried fart* Mr. Marcy's letter, which we republish in con effect; and upon this platform, and this alone, section with the recent case. Some negro min- can the nationalities of Europe be satisfied, and strels—not painted in imitation of negroes,bat another sanguinary war be averted.mut.m**** A«*» «•* f*w*gr V •»«•»«. V—»,W~ to Ireland. 3d af Germany, 7 of England, and the its effect upon Northern merchants, traders,P«ra% antf / ~ I V • ~ * 'OUMf CjUlMMBI—g AM FT*._n_«.rimwHTOB-uiuunaA*»Wtm*heianee af various fsrsiga countries. The members o f Plymonth Church,manufacturers a^d mechanics, who are consi-genuine darkies—were proceeding to Eorope|and Mr. Rice, of this city, applied at Washington for passports for them. Mr. Marcy declinedtogivethem,onthegroundthatper-sons of color could not be American citizens;BrooklynADVMMTlSMMKl/m f•.»•« wtrj * » , —w«n*ia;<»*» *ton npoa the proposition respecting cortrihotions tbe black republican theories, and kindled to a council. During the time that had elapsedAA — *«*•»r**n 14ftmi tammmmkutUm*voiuMjcrv.UsfcCharleston? Who Is to be tbe Jackson to bring the country out of its present strait?sons they represented themselves to be. Such Helper, and carried into practical operation a /« L«u NOTICE-tea* — n w »rn^a»Simi W*<*art held a meeting last evening, at which the dtscus- daDgerous and absurd agitation gotten up by men of all parties met in the halls of national•—<*i—«**W«*a_iBsaa—»;rA*—rBMti*,——to<Mblaze by the practical exemplification of those since the 3d of March last the brutal and doctrines afforded by the John Brown raid into bloody philosophy that Seward preached at Virginia. Itis,then,earnestlyandanxiously Rochesterhadbeendevelopedintheincen-inquired—Who do you intend to nominate at diary counsels of Helper, and carried intoto the Board of Foreign Mfcsioos was resumedHenry Wsrd Beecher delivered his views on the Mo.aa •object Wegiveafullreportinanotherxolumn The trial of Samuel Hollyer, upon a charge of ortimlttlug a rape upon a young girl named An-drews, at Fort Lee, last summer, was ccmuenced aTTBLO-BOA.U>H -Cooes•Ror_._ar_- yesterdayintheHudsoncounty(NewJersey) ourt, A report of the case may be found inbut offered to give them a paper certifying thattheywerebornhereandfree,andweretheper- sibleconflictpredictedbySeward,incitedhfAXVSBiuiiTs r a n BYKMIVOpractice -by John Brown. The practi- cal operations a t Harper's Ferry roused the attention of the whole country to the incendiary and agrarian teachings which Helper had compiled, a n d which John Sherman a n d sixty seven other black republican members ofa certificate, of coune, would not have the virtue of a passport, sor be any protection tothem on the Continent of Europe. By refe-rence to Mr. Marcy's letter the reader will per-ceive that so long ago as 1821 it was decidedthat free persons of color are not citizens ofJohn Brown. Foremost among these sheet* i i tbe New York Tnbunt, from whose columns s f yesterday '& impression we reprint a mess o f the most combustible material, intended to set its fanatical readers in a blase. First, there i f a s editorial in which It is shown that the SouthernK f l t T TMB-TSS. Sowarjr - * « * Oeroaeaa, ©a U r a _ > « — _ * —another part of to-day's paper.The annexed table shows the temperature of thecedencepresents Senator Hunter and Governor W i s e -Iwar,mometer, the variation of wind currents and the it does not appear that either of them L_D__KKJtsmtntru,mnr*»«w*r—Ja_-a stateoftheweather,atthreeperiodsdoriugeach cancommandthevotesoftheirownStale.w n r r n OA«r>is,atmosphere in this city daring the week ending—ar-RaxAjrcs or A January 21, the range of the barometer and ther- both able and distinguished men, but the last Congress had endorsed and recom-a fair amount of engagements.T—e Charleston Co_ventio_—Who is the •salThe Democratic National Convention, form, ed according to the usages cf the party, will meet at Charleston on tbe 3d of April next,fur the purpose of nominating candidates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency, to be supported at the general election in November.In vieev of this important political event, the the nomination for a second term, and schemers and engineers and wirepullers of all sacrifice his private feelings to his du-ties as a patriot. worklayingtheirplansfortheaccomplishment tory of General Jackson's administrationWhen Mr. Sherman assumes that the resolu- telligible. That the Emperor intends to standthem upon each other, and then applying theIf we examine the his- of the grand result—namely, the nomination of from 1S28 to 1832, we shall Bee many poluts oftine various cliques of the party are busily atlightedThe result is certain, unless by some fortunate accident the criminal is caught in the fact, or the fire is discovered before it has gained anyenemiesfromwithoutandtraitorswithin.The resolution is an impeachment of the whole questionshould be thus resolved,and hence headway.black republican party, that has put forward it is not surprising that he should oppose it as It is thus the Tribune is preparing the confla- Mr. Sherman an the representative of its aboli- far as he is able. But bis Holiness will be gration which it expects will consume the tion and incendiary principles. The country left in a feeble minority. Three fourths of the Doble fabric of the Union and—U the*pjeciou8the particular candidate in whoso cause theysimilarity between his career and that of Mr.Buchanan. GeneralJacksonwasmenacedby assumestoomuchimportancetohimself.The amatterofcourse,dissatisfiedthattheItalianmembersof Congress,thedebatesinthe State Legislatures, the popular meetings throughout the country, are all so many preliminary feel-opposition to him was most violent, and thepartisan attacks almost unprecedented in theirmalignity. His own friends, disgusted becausethey could uot rule him, and disappointed in does not care a fig for the personal Roman Catholics throughout the world are ad- interests and hopes it contains The greaters for the grand event at Charleston.That event, in itself, has at this moment morethan its ordinary deep significance. The pre- liminary skirmishes before a Presidential cam- paign, in which over four and a half*millions ofthe di&tribti'ion of the spoils, intrigued against him. But the iron old man met them al! overthrew them all. He governed the country liiiulyaidwell;andwhentheelectionof1832 came, even his enemies were forced by the popular voice to agree to his nomination, as theonlyonethatwasfittobemade.Look, now , at Mr. Buchanan's position.During his administration questions far morevexatious than those which were met by Jack-son have come up. Uis own party has givenhim little support. As in Jacksou's time, theretemple of liberty Ls devoted by the nigger worshipper v he flames, and nothing can save it from ii; pending ruin but the vigorous exertionsoftleconservativeelementinthe Central States, roused from its inaction by thecedented lor its violence and malignity in the annals of partisan warfare. That contest we remember very well. Lieueral Jackson was obliged to combat not only against the very powerful opposition of the supporters of a cer-othor. Thus, while the great congregation of the incipient fire is speedily quenched and the Catholic ( hi istians are divided in their opinions lurkiDg combustibles of the incendiary re-as to the right of the Pope to a temporal juris moved. diction, the large majority are in favor of histain moneyed institution known as the Unite- States Bank, but he met with treachery and de- ceit at the hands of his own political friends. But he secured support far more valuable than that of mere partisans. The country was on the verge pf a great commercial crisis. The traders and conservative classes of the Middle and Southern States, who were opposed to theThrough tbe constancy of the conservative in the face of public opinion, would be bold period. S"ch, it will be remembered, was the and national m en the fight is beginning to as- enough to defend the anormly of the union of case when Mayor Tiemann endeavored to fillsume a new aspectdismayed at the prospect which the waning is but one place where these can be found, and moval of Mr. Morton. The Mayor nominated support they have received from the popular that is in the bosom of the Roman Church. successively some half a dozen individuals, voice now opens to them. They must speak, The cardinals, bishops and priests who owe al- nearly all of whom were qualified for tile office* or stand till they are finally overwhelmed legiance to the Holy See—just in the same but the Aldermen refused again and again to by the rising tide of conservative feel- manner as our own consuls and plenipoten- confirm them, it has been said that the Alder-The steamers Champion, from New York, and Bio fidence of the holders of the reserved vote— THBCrrr INSPECTOR.—We commend to the core-Bio, from Boston, were in poet at Rio.Advices from Turks L«la_cs of the 7th of Januaryrepoiv The weather has been unfavorable duringthe p_>t week for shipping ^aft; onsequently littlebad been done. 7 | to 8 cents have been the rulingrricea in oar market for serao time past The Condition does the country stand to-day ? Isimpudent pjetext that they had not been con-a rtain something abont it, however, after elec-has been uniformly acting under instructionsreceived in July, 1856, and, consequently, Mr.MarcymusthaveissuedthemwhenhewasSec- mustmeetwiththeapprovalofnearlyaUthederingtbebestmethodofputtingdownthe Sfxweeksagoyesterdaytherepresentative•f the Rere-IutionThe abolition republican journals continue to be filled with incendiary matter, for the purpesa •f inflaming the public mind of theNorth against tbe South, and bringing to a crisis the irrepres-Let us go over the Charleston liet.begin with the Old Dominion, which claims pre-as the Mother ot Presidents.VirginiaW e willThe canSuch a man hasDuring all this time the national forces haveblack banners, with marked advantage, bothin turned to the one continent or to the other,craticpartyhas,however,initsranks.Weare tousschemes. Thisismostrighteouslyre- letter. Withtheopeningoftheyear1860weawarethatthismanhaspersistentlyrefuseda fusedtohim,foritisnothingmorethanare-election to the high office which he now Al- so well, but we are persuaded that if it should appear that the services of Mr. Buchanan were absolutely required to preserve the republichave another indication of the policy of the snare; and the republicans who hare so long imperial mind. The Emperor has again pre-stood at bay and in silence, now announce their intention of opening their batteries. So much the better. This will the more clearlyfigured his views, in another pamphlet, which bears the undoubted stamp of bis inspiration. His views on the religious part of the Italianfrom anarchy and civil war, he would accept define their position, and afford a clearer aim question, which involves the temporal sove-tion of Mr. Clark, of Missouri, is a personal im-peachment upon him, and demands its with-drawal before be will disavow or explain, he seems to be beyond all doubt The Pope is, asmatchsimultaneouslyt oeverypile.have been quarrels over the spoils, rebellion inthe camp, and widespread treatou. Mr. Bu- and its postulates by Theodore Parker, he per- resigning that pretension, so that he might be-chanan has been opposed by a well drilled and vigoious minority, working for the spoils over which the democracy has been dozing or quar- relling. Every question where the Executive had power to act has been promptly settled. As a statesman, M r. Buchanan's lecord will compare favorably with that of any one of his predecessors. He stands well with the South, will bring out his whole party, and to a greater degree than any othercome, in word and deed, an overseer of thesonally is nothing in the li^ht The vital inte- rests of the whole country are menaced by the course of tbe black republicans, and Mr. Sher- man can make no personal explanation which cm exonerate the patty, whose members still cling to and inculcate its odiousjmnciples.THK MAYOR'S NOMINATIONS.—It was the cus- tom of the last Board of Aldermen, when the Church. The march of civilization aud the vast Mayor nominated any man for an office withinThe black republicans area spiritual with a temporal sovereignty.' Therethe vacancy of City Inspector, caused by the re-nateMr.Buchanan. Hiselectionwilldomere ing. This change of tactics on their tiariesrepresenttheviewc ofthe government menusuallytakethiscourseuntiltheyfindoutto stop the present agitation, to calm the part will open anew the whole field of discus-republicans a severewas only by working in secret, through corruptMethodists and Baptists owe their allegiance tomatters in which that august body have, or ex- pect to have, an interestpolitical organizations, that they could hopetoprosperity and fraternal feeling in and among succeed. VSTOT brings no danger while it is sity re-echo the views of the head of thetry unimpaired,t opromotepeace, harmony,the synods of these churches -must of neces-From the action of the new Board at their Trade had revived vastly m the province. There are matters so iamiliar- as to require only a all sections of the republic, than any other open and truth is free to combat i t L et the Church. Whatever the Pope wishes or thinks last meeting, it would appear that the sameAs a party,, the black republicans are far in thehim in the White House a second time. which appears in another column. The duty of ed of the conservative votes of the North. the Common Council with regard to the sanita-So much for 1832. Now for 1860. In what ry affairs of the metropolis is forcibly and clear-great majority of Catholics, as we said before,and Dr. Robert B. Bradford as Health Commis-K In the Board af Aldermen ye.wrday resolution it wag a question of money and trade: now it report seem to cover all the evils under which Minister in London to <:isi a passport issued has done so much evil. Tbe Greek Church, and it is the Aldermen's either to confirm Utem, mere press.ted in favor of p«Tlag ^ f o U o w i a g involves the actual existence of the nation. the city now labors, as far as the City Inspec- to a young woman of color by Mr. Cass, on the which exercises no small influcn-.-e over mil- or reject them for cause. la this instance.treet*withBelgianpave-aat-.^CaiiaUtreetfrom The conflict predicted byMr.Seward inhis Centre to West Breadway: T_ir,l aTettuc froi_ ^ bloody and brutal Rochester manifesto hasBowery to Forty-second street; East Broadway tt%m Chatham square to Grand street; Bleccker atreet fromBroadwaytoEighthavenue—ailofwhich werereferredtotheCommittee onStreets. Ape- tition for the appointment of an Inspector of Milk and Mrlk Cans was presented and referred, and the Board adjourned till Thursday.The Board of Superv_or* met yesterday, but transacted no lisiavai «f general iataeestThe Board of Comteflmen were in session lastevening, bat traaaacard no iuiportaat ba__eas. TheCity Inspector submitted his annual report of thebirths and deaths that occurred daring the yeartor'sDepartment,aidedbytheCommonCouncil, nnderrtandingthatshewas awhite nativeof lion*ofsoulsinEurope,will also befoundin MayorWoodhasappointed exactlythe rightMassachusetts, and therefore a citizeness of the tbe ranks of the opposition, and under tbe kind of men: they are bo*h young, active, andcan reach them ; and the public should boldcommenced. On one side we see a sectional that body to a strict accountability if it refuses United States. A correspondence on the sub-union among themselves which is so rapidly go- immense, and they may create a large degreeful attention of our readers the admirable ancians, govern the republic—and they placed nual report for 1859 of City Inspector Delavan, can regain the deceptive hold they once attain- They wish to see the Pope a spiritual, and not a has expired; but tbe Aldermen refused to takethe people, after all, who, above all the politi-minority on tbe popular vote, and they neverwill be found arrayed on the; opposite side.quantity on hand la from two to three hundred not the impending crisis of greater moment ly impressed upon that body by Mr. Delavan. and the public can judge how far that duty willwill Dever lend their sanction to any plan tha1•ONS OF COLOR.—A great noise has been madethousandbushel*. nowthanitwastwenty-eightyearsago?Then beperformed. Thereformssuggestedinthis inEnglandbytherefusaloftheAmerican cantendtoperpetuateastateofthingsthat plytoappointpersonsqualified"fortheof_ee,pressure of these onoentrated forces the Popepartyactivelyengagedinfomentingtheworst topasssuchordinancesafLmayenabletheCity jectwillbefoundinanothercolumn.Mr.Cass, mustbecompelledtogiveway.Affair-in centlyoccupiedthepositionofSecretaryof passionsInthebreasts ofcitizens ofdifferent Inspectortocorrect theabuseswhichnowex- Ofcourse,didnotseeSarahT.Itemond,andthe Europeareinthiswayverynearly broughtto Statewithgreatcredit. Hischaracu-r isun-portions of the Union. The black republicans ist, and which daily expose this vast city to passport she produced in London was evidently a crisis of the deepest interest, not only to the exceptionable, and his industry proverbial.have forced the South to declare with an al- disease and pestilence. obtained under ialse pretences. She asserts in Old World but to America, where there aremost unanimous voice that in the event of the her letter to Mr. Dallas that she _ a citizen of so many thousands of intelligent Catholics.election of an agitator like Seward they will CRIME IS TUK MKTROI-OLI*. -During the trial Ike United States, which is contrary to fact, in the year 1S47 8 the Pope showed him-elf of excellent education, full of vigor, and a secede from the Union. A_d their ground" for of Wm. Jones in the Oyer and Terminer yes- the decision in the Dred Scott case"having left to be a wi?« and liberal man: and we cause tree physician ol good repute just the one for tbe thisdecHon are, i_w,for _ j e p a s t f e w years terday, for the murder of an unknown man at <no doubt upon that point. Men or women of ly doubt that he will now overthrow tho repn- important eftke of Health Commissioner. W e the republican party __, circulated and en- the Five Points, the Grand Jury entered the color are not and cannot be citizens of the talion which he then obtained for prudence a:;! hope, then, that Mayor Wood will make no com- ' dorsed documents of M u ^ ^ c W a c t e r , court with seventeen bills of indictment for United States. A nd certainly a person of consistency. He cannot flaw mistake nor mis- promise, nor enter into any parley whatever1859.AresjotattMiwasadoptedinstructingthe seechesandbook,whk**dTocaUj ^ ^ murdersandmanslaughters.Limanyofthe colorclaimingtobealady,andonewith understandhiso\v;position,andwearethere- withtheAldermn!butwillinsistthuthjvComptrollertoreportthegrossreceiptsinthe re.eeinthe tart**** oftheSoui_,i_the casestbepartieshavenotbeenyetarrested. whimanEngUahbarristerdeemsit"anhonor foreinclinedtothiakthatuponmaturerenV*- shallcitherapprove,orreioc*.*he»egeetle:n_>PickingfuadandotherparfcniarirelativetotheStateswheretheyexistb,fcw,andundercon-There-arealreadyfortrialsevenoreightothertobeacquainted."oughttobeawareofade-f:onhewillhaveihvgo^dsenseofsubmittinjforsomegoodcause,an1iftheyartrej^ot-ebion which created s o much indignationAoco^ing to the City Inspector's report, there duction t_at, in !_•'« view of the mtter, it is tk>t lokill. Yet the good peop!c of ::IHmetropolis among the republican party and throughout to temporal power which can no longer be Tiemana experience a gr^at deal of *mV« ir-|S*Ker. r •titiiUonal governments. It is afairlogical de- persons for murder, manslaughter or attemptto the opinion of tbe world by resiguing aclai«u ed appoint others equally well qnaMfied. Ms; orWeresisdeatashithispit/duringthepastweak, theSouth,buttikeNorth,whichrendsthesa- "payrveramillionperyearfera\>Uceforce cred compact A-<* UiU makes the present • f w ^^ 1>roU9ctio*«.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069all cegrodom.* Miss Remond's attempt, therelore, to pass herseif eff at the United States Em length conclude that it h safer aud 1 'ter to t-oid!ty and v.aiit of pbxk: but wc U4>tt!'UUntitled Documentfirst deception by which Mr. Cass was induced to give her a passportsion—than to make a vain pretension—by step-the disturbance and excitement arising out ofto a Southern Conference so as to make the' which civilization is most intimately interested. policy universal at the South, that anotherthe slavery question.effete political power ofthe head ofthe Catho-lic Church is the engrossing theme. There is book, that the question of commercial non- on both sides an iirepressible conflict going on intercourse with the North is to be presentedby the principle of Italian union and liberty, of which he has been so prominent a defender,In the Old World, theeverywhere are becoming more conversant withthe danger into which the abolitionizcd blackrepublican leaders are striving to lead them, andthe dogged silence tbey have maintained has in-spired the ultra abolitionists in their ranks withsuspicion, and the misguided conservatives whobad followed them with dismay. John Sher-man, the admitted leader, has, on several occa-sions,endeavoredtobeguilethenationalmenintoafallaciouscapitulation. Heinsiststhatbis personal honor is attacked, that he did notknow what be was doing when he put his handand seal to the Helper plan of campaign, andthat he will disavow it personally under cer-tain conditions, and if the national men will prearranged plan; so that Napoleon might be Every day they are adding fuel to the let therepublican party go on in their iniqui- said to have followed it up almost to the veryhighest importance, which every reflecting man should consider.We must accept all this as true, alarming and terrible as it is. It m involution actually begun, and it is tbe rezuWm twenty-five years of auti slavery agitation, which n o w reaches its climax and is about to nominate a Presi-revolutionary flame, especially t h e lead- ing abolition journal of this city, which is piling faggot upon faggot a n d brand upon brand, i n order t o make assurance doubly sure, like the incendiary, who, having marked out for destruction some stately ware- house, filled with costly merchandise, lays h i s combustible materials not in one corner of thefor the conservative men. reignty of the Pope of Rome, are plain and in- building only, but in every room, heapingsioner, in place of Jedediah Miller, whose term temporal prince. The Protestant nations of any action upon thefe appointments, upon tbetbe earth, who are always foes to bigotry a i dREUS.U. or AMERICAN PASSPORTS TO PKR- intolerance, in whatever form they may appear, sulted. Now it is not the duty of the Mayormaintained His Holiness we •!.)!; will at rasament in tbe vlminL-tration of ti.f! . frouito consult them upon tbe matter: it his duty sim-of respectable standing. Mr. Tucker has re-No better nomination for tbe head o f the Croton Board could b e mide. D r . Bradford is a raau www.fultonhistory.com 