 ilMfMtvflke Spedsl Term" "' ofin tothe theandannouncedmyselfasanIntfpsafttot DaamiisWa','.^theythat the President felt justified in resorting toto waai taid6auowaT,o(r^how orin."torthinksthatthoseprivatebillsaloneought mercyandjustice..organization'got throughCongress shallintoV -n,"the rational objects of the aforesaid visit, and the degree in nhi'-h we are actually fur-at the Northfor thep»sttaresyears,1'.an-iTreasury pret'y generally sucreed, and, some-Baowin, district ? A.—Mr.oftbeTLecompton policy, that the unfortunate Democrats on theirt\i>-Southernarrestanychargepre-:, •^y next.: MSha Cntsnl Term of the Sup-eme Court, onAll authentic accounts of Japan and the Japan-to in which he has a • particular inter- pass,est ;" but it is evident that the knowledge hepossesses regard openness Treasury has been acquired by an experience which warrants him to " speak by the card."theWituiiM Mniis, JcuN R. Bbjocs. WitUAM B. Db.(EI. Wjl. GOOBHIABT, Micain TroMEi,Ale. 6th DiJt. JOBN S. ACSTi:),Jakes Ibvixo, Jobs HccTiiirao.AlBX. Wabs, Cbadlbs N. I>oa:<x, Jobs Ricbabdsou, iBAIAU KtSSBBS, Thomas Bybsbs..the Territories. Virtually,protect.the abstract right ol Congress to legislate con-.impug n*.Btock Mai!;r tJapaneseupon the-questionSlavery.It isquite—i="V-4M»> wSMMliMtsaMaMiarftrTKnTTDtucw. ^«vtheirpart, might acquire this conviction clear-field,Mr. Dotro-very fully satisfied. They heard a very common° '"'^"a service to the commander, we rational beings, with txiainess of their own to test gallantSuLte tfiM «*»• Tk« sm>-ir«t4r ud frteidgof 00T9. We only know that the "cavaliy Envoys anived in the United States, there- at win be—^not the election of either—but the of Slavery. They heard him describe with corps" Is to be raised. With a new of ren- fore, they should have been received as defeat of Liscodt and the transfer of the con- very diluted figures of speech the patriarchalJml,»-_W^»* IfciatwhowillbetbeactingPresidentmatter of conrae they will choose a Democrat. Tbe plot is a good eee, but is quite likely to be-^^^ Mary Sril !««.lavMliUrla adnaet. toboaddnad to the "FobUslionttr,fnT«aaatalir.— poured upon lartalriM,anMliML_ „,raadbold soredbyaooeofhitU«^sUutth*ct I^,__»- has obtained histoiic renosrn. The cultiratioaait of rmining away may be of>f—A. llr.iaapBa gave Ma onScnd Uk to4««it,iVtaiat, »a«-Tai* «»." iMMIMiata Mia renl—.study industryiBIBLO* «1«MW—I.aa»*"-<'»'»"TM Oowjm»»-;synnpathiBed ItIsstillagravequestionwhethertheparty PbyoboftheHouseofBepresentativeainhislATOAnwrt-SIHlAMK-Or»J4Pi«B«ioiA»nthuscommended.If the apiilt of the imniortal Patkick H»bt,Thiyieftiwd<(wl»fllaltQal»aalirj Mr.Scaam.vaaaavMMtrtbr(lax>tknaiaakK«««a> tr ( wo«U<(HTDBBIBR—EsBniTiox or PuarxKOS.STUIIO OALLBBT—00M»« BloiD- -Pial Vnai.they for andwe should wish that Mr. Rivss and his workThe force of has impudencegone4_ astowhettapriartfrt rartr waa. Md >s sS^^gW^^-sajiMMT-:ailiUntT—Mo. W* BaoiBWAT—CHUxca'isssoies us, to "outdo the metropolis wl(h a third of the capital ;" and they are probablywhenaddsbanquets long as X!ac Capitol stands, and we are willing ing and insulting a man named Litmak, who t*dha!vlac dnoe >, and was .fa!ira:W8OFTHSDAT.printingpay for printing silly about 12 o'clock at night. LtniAX was natu- ana aasnred Ua that If aaa* wrinl of (be Ccatzttodeot, from Ha-speeches thatare1 Ae leaok;tracinghistoryfellow ing, doubtiess, upon iiisIIconsequences commerce of the world for ages to come.which was vetoedk TkepMticaUr<of the liailare of|"llMtUMi liberal Ckrvamaent wonld, upon its ad--^ havehospitalitiesKt^psy principal and interest, which hisI ate dispoeed to concede. The political _j of flmher disasters sustained by theoughlyNow, it cannot be denicc^that if there was vocation will be merely preliminary. It will space of some three or tour months, while other andCommit'.ee. .\ number of bills relative to -tl"KDi~strictofColumbiawaspassed,andwithtbe world went to much for this ' expenseWesterii States.TheyTo the Hen. A. D. : RtimM, City Judge^Do you know'Bainm P. theSuperintcndestoittoassayOffice,New-Toikt.of one hundred men," to«oip« judgeseverely andsupportofthe party,"ciaiyfor Buncombe, and no to anxietyof New- to have sus- pension of judgment rendered in the case of Wiluim RiLci, who st&ndc chateeU <vi'J! assault and battery to do bodily harm, and would state that we have known Mr. RlLXT for several years past, an;I kave alwaysHiiimaMia.4)«0 wveralmuch after thefashion of Shedrech', Meschech and Abednego ence ofI oponwaged that a goodly supply of cip'Sve defeat involves their complete destruction. 'well.(i.—Iwaat to iaqolreif yon kaow, ofyourowa^^^"Baltimore on Saturday morning, and in the after-port will show only the fa-ts. and probably allthe facts that may be necessary to exhibit thenature of this bill, and to mark the agenciesIn reference to Us aaa «»ni«mAkan and grandeur, escorted the strangers, throa»hbysuch unexampled facility.civil and mili'ary procession, imposing in num-I'iIin most of the Northern States. If he were the regular candidate of the -.vlioleWeand we tha: earnestly pra]youROBEBT EASLT, .\rGrSTU9 KCBLT,thousands of spectators, from the de^jot to the Continental Hotel, where apartments liad beenptovided. Intheirpreparationsandarranse-goodtliat >lt. Schbix, tbe Collector of tto Port of Hew-thzvjagingthe Southern as well as Northern Democrats, he would stand a veryprivPrioc, in wrsppen.andinthepecnliartacticsforwhichthatregion knewthatthesemen,personsof9unin Durango, the leaders, Bamibxz everm* htre to Mo _1jax, having been utterly routed. UkaOa triousnothingany consequence,await;wrote to PorawstarGaoaral Bb««>, aad aaidlaaaMBottakatha oHeajbotlhadito toece a( kae«rlstl|ato retain his superiority over the Should no reverse obstruct laitvice, Ibe reestablishment oi the Liberal MBi in the «pUal is looked for during the IflHnth. BytelegraphfromXew-Orleansso far to seeia not to be vindicatedto Japan in such a frame of miud as this. certainly didfnot fit out expeditions Vo the land—alterable determination of the Soutiiern Demo-ofboth Housesbill,withouteven reachedia'.ttBtWfcsoa had captured Guadalajara, but it badGen. Woll. The improbabilityshownin the letter oftMbili to settle private land claims in IThe bill providing penalties for raar- 4Ua tuFdepoties, who peraiit the escape of pris-envoy near the court of that mysteriousyearspladge aabpceaala doiod wiamlttaa '"liapBiegailMd by .'Vil^^rttjaaloiyissumcientlyandour men-ot-war;-flMr eanwpondeni.'~^'' 'Fit>(n Havana we have advices to June o.^hisentertaiomenr, simply to make three Japanesewho knew all musthavebeenabout the fellow at;,alltheseexpendThey Seoate commenced its labors on SaturdayI'jday'sproceedingsanythingperfectly familiar,thefol-larefereaceto Molbb said be heard of theoi lltoa..Mottin nothing noteworthy. IThey are determined topatronage,ceitalnPJai<dle«Mi«fc% C^ Miaaar, aadwaa auo passed. The army appropriationtakepains moneys simplyand toall these'compensateconsiderationgiven him fh>m the Covanuaeal—not aABD had been read, the Senate aitjourned. The BmwblefilaedthedemandofMessrs.Tatlorand purveying'Montfvx to be lelieved from service ou the JuJi-beyond the Pacific.day was as follows:mects for the enteitaiisment of iheir visitors, the worth while to pause for a monient ia theassignedshall at least look to Mr. H.-.le f>r ?.r exoosi-Q.— havingwork,bafora Ite geoaralof seem resoljte to repair I people Philadelphiacireer cf banqueting, junketing, sketch-mak-He is the only'• tion of the means by which it was gotGeo. .MousTJOT, Jobs MciPBT.aonM of the iU-taaie and negligence which pre- Tionaly offended the polite islanders.WiixuB McIatr&K and Josepb C. Tccke?,ji!•' I thjfik the billsaid the Senator from New-Hampshire on an-with an'nilSbn''of Gidxos J Tccksr as Presi<'.ent of the •Q. threeto bri>?e .lldcrmati BBAVT"tovotefortheconArms'.ioncfthenoml-^hqton Aqueduct Department, were Drought be- fon Becorder B^knakd ou Saturday, in the Court .--^f Oaaeial Sessions. Their counsel. ex-Judge Wbhihb, moved to have the iadictmeat quashed of which some were by noto Wood. The As- Mayor;rlmiiilattempt'a caiet andgrounds, ; coinplimeti'arythemselvesing verythere is no differ-thesepositions. They may, or may not agree, uponand to tempted assault. We,himself frnm an at-«'-•iattet District Af.o':.icy, Mr'. Sedgwick, replied, Ifind out awayHao.BBrKBi>Y JoBKSOK, ofperhaps he would the better ves- nee of its Northerntove,. wtmiiip.naded at the Fif»h-avenae Hotel onthat theindefi-that thsir share in this little transactionevening by tbe friends ot Mr. Docglas in thisCity,, and responded in a speech indorsing the poli-practicallyforthwith moved towing, put upance of the South, and en t^e express groundmanner in wliich this claim has oeenj'ushedptefer shouldhave remained a secret.We taketto ttaol wm«jNrfMr. DorsiAS on theSlavery question and">a5*.le,t"tie2rS'£,Si. doMgoa'acdkte,as a vaii ot my w»iiimiwj have msfi* anyi,tainlygather, Besjamix, in his speech, representeddeclaration. years. occasion to censure themy leuecs, laow propose,»"TM^was dull oai, thongh closing at steadier prices. Tbebeen ajudgmentof theonly appropriatetribu-Q.-Hav« yoo any objecuonM learaj« «»-oi Tennessee andMissouri were^horseback."all despotism, so soon as'through""tniS—one of whomtobreakmanity, tillscomparisonof the Court toPreslilenl's oooiaa upon the LeooaptoB <l»> inand Pork was quoted «» more sought after.M^fMat, W. 6ofli)»Incpiry pw^MUdly presumed to have come on a mission ofamong the politicians, public men andAdamantfne Candles, TbUow and Spbita of 'K. The movements ia'otlterbnnebes of rieatxkted.have not or Blackfeel.we canthat Senatorthertfore, mt «'wSbib to 1 letter to me consented u tne P^^.iOUMTuirABano.te fok Wax.— Capt.they cannotf-omprthend,of the offisialof it as it is written inIt is a secret worth stampcation of my letters, to leave tnere "I> !et»Jh«-e saddled their equestrianJ^ DeoeaibeT, iano'M*«"••*www.fultonhistory.comBaltimore,all such cases.Jt is very (e.''tai.i. trom thetto to AwayOflMhis nomination for the fact Presidency. veiyTennessees advancing to 8J ^ J,]UW in Money or l-'sthaQge.*»"^»*"«'ni^'* use of Mr. BnnBwoaTa's teiam toMusp of Histonr tothree centuries agoand is sceron- as nothingscendantgreatgreatreasonforhis action.» leave wtththjs Coaadtue Mr. Bar-ready ^na:::^^:,::::;^"aimpress the Japanese of 1860 with a very pro- alternative Indeed, many Democrats, South pect to see the descendant of a man of mind He has, at allhis ruK,i, tte««at recorder of knightly feats, is1 ^events, given backers a hint, which we hopetheir pohacal-n•4 e-F.K Jakes'— :was sere- Saturday:yenrupondsd with Mr. Bctmbwobib froasthe Share-list on.Americathatsee it— in a fit,a useful lesson which otherwise not have learned.theywouldtj»tgone', portraits arcparticular.Again, the police of the Japaneseand theirindefeatingrunning be *abletwo can-though quite up to the average heighttheythe men who•*>" »»"»II\est measurepr-obibleriemaud forin the siors and we alto verilv believe that if he hasWasMr. Q.—tie detected ii^ tte ae^ |[^* wending thetr way In DOtbiog tat Ja, Mie otoenmstaiiee that they to vote tha Bef«Hl4tt 4|BkBt De«su4 Oey tetlWM0tt*«aiar tt^ak dU Ml atsuneen*' HiMbrrflMMa bo parallel to are elected hy the peopto. Plaf>QfUes, think, might posaibljr eany entxigh free States la hit oiottel^, ImtfeBnifbB thehumtitmmi*tat»iiihero,whopro- shonlder-bitters,dnukardsandbeggan,kmtodefeatLiacwtv,evenIfheebooldIgaeso thepexaottofBMia.paaea,taii«MEBJlB'xiiinascenes of* war hetweea enemies matuoUy surprise, but wOl hardly ftaclaate these ob- tionobject;hisupon opponentswould most.\nswer.—Yes, Sir, veiyuponstrength:and wiih pereaiproiy- butIhavenoparticularinterestinit. 1—Howmany men were sent there !to the Halls of If Congress.mnster-field for the drill of the what that business was. We company perfectiywellthe House connection which existed between himself aadderingventure to suggest the classic fields of BIo- attend to. elects, they are,>!>riTr-mi Speoimenas^"^SS^pJSyJSiir^gSjUiaiAUpabUihsdon«•«densbnrgfa,asanappropriatecsmping-ground ThankstoMr.TownsendHAnnts,weknewchooseaDemocratasaBepublican.Iftheywhlcshheclothedtbem,tbefoodwherewithhe Kaiiyraae^,aonaoCanof thegreat advantage to the Boial Hundred.way to ITew-York. of tbe AmericanB« Ifcannc—AAanooB—Tb« Vnuianc negroes making advances of friendship to coon, .VMAOVAT—Fmt. Jmms' Xasicu. bm- Causn'a HmtBais.tbem throQgh carriage windows, and ofinqnis- ithem at theuseful, occasionidly,Tto aWH l0<tonh$aakpeaceftdThe Japaaeae Embaasy.The are at lastontheir JapaneseEnvoysThe Talne of tk« Oiobe.aloneand thought greatwarswell-to suchanextentthathisspeakingcitizens of the respectfully petitionCttyThey have seen the lastno devote themselves with exuberant as- i^doity to the delightful taste of emtilating the Tankee card-tvriter in the chirography of Ja- pan. In a word, if the princes of Niphon were simply so many French or English genUemento Mr.apolosized Sunaa, which waa aseatlstoctosr by the Utter. m tHi XDIT0B8 or THc oBO wuaouxlongertobewith an eventwhich,toopenonthe18ch. Ameeting ofrankvisitingAmericaonamissionofpub- waa at oneeheld, vrhereit wasroperin" ofgambling-heuses;that tke foraUn obligatioas of ttie house lic importance, and not merely princes of Ni-Tto #1,300^000, while iu home debt was phon, those who have seen the most of them boilIt has been It must have beenself, and in that swindled a capacity~,»totalof$1,500,000. TheasseUwere withinthelast fewdayswouldnothesitatetoreported upon slipped through by gentiemenattheMetropolitanHotel outwatch,veaiber, 1658 IwaanmoTadla ;'6ov>tJoHi*<f1>SOO,OQO; aiiscellaneouscredits saythey evidentlyHmhiiada wasaf^att7i(bdDg|V(>pert7, $1.100,000;and or pin, $800apolicemon Coimcilman, which"10. Jacnan ilessed lour years' ezteosion that they want nothing so much as to be al.$900inmoney.onthe.l»tofDsretohsr,1888;lowed toany strangersTbetate,as hawould comborateUs (Moua'aJ aad Sana'iMxnuT oor Sioib. nor hlaself- arw aat a dollir •(noblesagreeforces for Baltimore.make him the candidate, by a two-thirds votethen moved to takehas of thethe worldMichigan,arebored todeath,"andtheathand. TheSouthernwingof partymeets forcedorgo"put representatives,nominations,action in advance of the other Convention.The Douglas men are mustering all theirby Theyof astep vetoing privatetestify,given greatestonly twentygethome at the earliestluglobby. Got through by some means" in the ble ; and finally assaulted a young girl rectly, or In any othar way, as to aythe late Ur. BuBBOFcas, the HouseT1>» Japanese Envoys, with their suite, left Dacians might be provided and butchered Besides this, it is undoubtedly tiue that, withprint speeches not actually delivered.The re-York,to make a Roman holiday."knowledge, anythingInto jour district to defeat yoor electkin to ragiMS TW>' I'.owSh an address uf v.elcome iroDi Mayor Hcnrt. "His Majesty, the Presideuf," miported fie greatest possible difGculty in maintiining itsnooBieached Philadelohia, where they wpte metnot tViinkthree Kamis of Japan merely to mike a Yankee raree-slxow.As the time, therefore, of the Japanese visitto America draws to an f-nd, may it not beany other candida'e. the party would have the"Histhewhich favors or the party which frowns upon attack upon the Globe, In view Congressionalreason for our these illus- do bringingbut wiHdestroyedclaims have been diligentiy pressed for a score be was simply fined fifty dollars. In ber, 1&8, and beant I was to be appotatad; tby sendiagmay pass some resolutions,declare the un-the sameAndthisbullies inNew- blackguards ^took maJ»k<a to the 4th from Tampico, stating of tbe Tycoon, and establish an accomplished at Charleston, and make a tender of renewedNeither, we presume, did our Government they |can do no better.itsbeneficiariesfor mailsuspendingpleaded guilty to a deliberate attempt at murderpub- so-'ereiga people witli a show of siagulav beings in calico trowsers. Viearefondoflancyingourselvesdollar, or directlyor in oa-been taken np, the amendment tor pay-ing iateieata to several States lor money advancedIAISIS, waa rejected, an was also that for the Uis-tritatian of anss to the several Siit'.es. The bill"Waathenpasted. Amessagefrom:heHousean-MMBcaiif the death ot Hon. S. tf. Bckbodsbs, the modem Bomansi*f* nceived, and after an eulogy by Mr. Ssw- got to recognizing tbe panem et circensts to fair charice of succeeding. T:ie lad is, theaav other ny, less fifty dollars or so for advertisements troa tttsfedtltttingin liie public streets.Xhey are choice speci-indirectly,liegratifytheing Douglas delegatesa-:ri t loruiiciii. Tnc in the Senate was whetner the billd^ Ceoalttoa,;of the bill for the relief of Akthcb Edwards aadtheyappear find there the means of if it havepoten- harmony at the service of make nowill and take no decisiveand vote dollars for their with Mr. Caelyle that Americabill.we read in the telegraphic statement of Tours-odd millions bores that ever existed.•aid he would like toa sfeare of thsa to\'oecaiisi tiltbut we hav'ntfun for the million all the way from nomination of Douglas has becomesorry;,Ida boatt, as It xxamxanox or aoa. joHir b. wmrrwThe ancient masters oiz.have the war pusheda few weeks previously.Or: such a bill as this there cDuld be nothepublic;Mr. Basds's testlmODr ^efore theConunlttoa to-qu^teyetto secure a two-thirds vote, aad stand a theyshould not be relaiaad forplcte retiitation of certain ehaiias.jQnestloD.—gooding and parading, just long enough to reflect Democrat who has any positive personalIhem 'To our own judgment it appears in the high-peaceable persononthatwarding:Envoys of the Tvcoon mlis; be enjoy- Congressional protection for slive property incrime whitever, he has done It In theupon•Bd Ills Becorder reserved his decision ti'i Satur- in the fiery furnace of the Babyloaitish tyrant. Men of all parties agree in hostility to both9umttn, »w»lBitd judgments affirming thede-twti'KVit'tc tnit brought *.^j^?#>mbulaiDcy.to test tnerightto theofDouoLAS is regarded as the man wiio whoFor most of the pel sons whose names are,L--t vfiMMVnv* wUdi has been in session in thisIt is really pleasant toinXk»annoalmeetingof the GrandtheChinese,theJapaneseopposeareadyand hasriskedthemostinresistingit:to 1 desire to remark here to ito..'nflime.iMr. BcTTBkwoBTB to contribute a doUar towaidsaiy eieciiun,nordidbeevergivemeadolttr. Hegavaa finaiiCial agent of mliie one nundied aoUazs,vaMr'1IiOUW uid Ofaod Orients of foreign coun-public at large probably be very much surprisedto set -Mr. Blchanam"s Marshal, the Presidentopeningi"the City in the Wall-streetgaiost tivity,theirpractical goodsense, their zeal in ter: Sovereignty tteyinultraists of thecandidatecans nor byDemocrat, atto people Inuad tto Reirabliean Party upon favor ol Congiesslonal Intervention; also the judgment ia tbe F.'rst Eegi-__ !rCk>hmelcy. They also hearu argument in tneofand desire for information. To the stolid self-demand ol theese agree in represeating that people as singu-Mr. SaABP'd lar among Orientals for their intellectual ac- cerning Slavej-y, or upon the doctrine of Squat-Lodgeand this itprotalDIt surety.Comtnlttee, that a stauunent was made bythetheirtheSouth.knowledge,satisfaction and supercilious mental aoatby of has made the boldest protest against it,good Otb one tbouaand represenutives from science. They are not content to believeis which givesin the Northerna view ofof justice, will have no terrors.the endsNor will theiiBWOBia, that upon my request hon»d^ia^lh»|ut neweek, adjoamed Saturday af-receptive appreciationstrengthtiie Edwards bill withoutexmina-imposition withdefeatingacquisitioncapacityan^ when they contrast a Japanese .lunk wita an American steamer, they not only perceivesteamer issel of the two, but aretM Sir.O.—KABcTisivcBXB, Siiaerintsadsatol New-ToTft,mrdareaeato that matter? Av—ieoc-elected meaber ol Congress. In of Apdl, 1836. whan 1 wrote nlroand termlnaung oor correspondence aayiwiwawaiof all that isinhimBut precisely the same thing weakens andconsistently approve;Mr. Bor- paid aoaor election in and that he had paMtttaof the Board of C'ounciitnen, .ilderman Tco- pecultai circumstacces.first Tueadayin June of next foreign customs, and profitable in foreign States even beyond the lines of his own party.towarCs18M,Tna: Is not so. I never raqaastoMthemselves • the brothers o: the sun,}mii* mmber of visiting brethren, have been in or the children of the moon. Taey that when once in tlie field he will receive thetries, with the representatives of this body and acooteence, and tbe business, which has been recognize the himianity of the race at largedestroyshim at the South. His friends insistaeceaaarfly very heavy, has been conducted with matBendable dispatch.every.votes ofSouthern Stale.officials, en-opentry and build steamers themselves. The of flat hostility to the Southern claimcom- to Douglas the people from whom it comes are a people and his dectrines as cotuiaed to the politicians eager for light, perfectly competent to know of the South. The people, it is said, do notthat has been sent toaEmbassyofmon to represent the oppositionlightb^t !>a»-ji leadln tto Ntw Yoaa Tnias, of ttoi4BU «nd heavy. Fi.j,.r oecUned a word, to be dealt with as intelligent adults r brisker at the reduced pri-land and was steady. Corn and not as mere infant phenomena. attention at firmer rates.;even to make it plausible.Indeed, he seemsto me waa u>><: OI tae iiti of .Iprll last, a •tatamsnt whichfor Sugars, Hay, comparison, criticism andof the South. We think, from thefrom darkness when theyRvssELL turned a deaf ear to theseprovesnal, it would have been condemned to thatCongressional overslaughing which has l>eenrespoadence withtiie committee fA^Aito t«d»and intelligence, wished to ture, our manuf^tures, otu:ourebullitions of feelmg, dusteJ their jackets more violenUy than usual. They heard the deacend-itrtlaaaHw it esstatatrifling any significanceinvolvesthis week at Richmond, possible day- nextweekatBaltimore.wing Richmondcon-pistolwas more excusa-oceouat betwoen Cox andjagain.attemptin both branches, placed early upon the calendars, andparty, supported byby several ol the mostthat he has6sr.91BS KSLLT,Hi.'tBr C. Wooii^iT, MoBOASJouBS,President JOB-XjVlSBlTT,nothing With the exception of special efforts made in a few localities, there The members of this Embassy may be fair- is complete unanimity of sentiment on thisJudgesympathetic entreaties.have been somewhat astonished at the auda- d»«igned in favor of ttocer- come like so many Camanches to stare at a civilization w^hich•(ItaiBl Home, Florida, profMses to r^se " a vol- and public life, their daily experience a; home fallen star,'"—that he had " lost the confidenceimlBeT cBTibyICutoiK,inrettirn.many features of their privateMr. Dougi-asniLEY"sthe morehis conduct in the pres.;nl» se m » '**S;if£!22£iInand surroundings,inquiry.Tneywimwhatpumorted to be a quotation 'romoMO*has been such as to Ut th«m to Democratic and thateagerpays him the doubtfulbeflt^ that shall secede from a Union which ex-ists only In name, and which stands and behavior. In at Baltimore,—» ''^^"^^ j^*^JS^Bt of|lMi «M disposal of" the first Soathem and truly many tU supsjfic'alimper- livingit was utterly impoasible that this confidenceeven when ithe put upon to the"'""t f?of our ownfections nay ofMr.musthave abandoned all hoperestored. repudiated landscape stardeain'-, should be nominatedtipon the statute books of many of the Northern for instance, the Japanese excel rn-? world.States." In view d the portentous enterprise There is little doubt that the art itself i;i..'r.r to in which this iai!:'aseveral of theventured ••so fiagran" a classes' at our primaryi^nwinttomore than any otier censiaeratlOB,uai is aboutto embaric, we Enrope from them, through the Duic"^!, ii.,ihisAVe trustthink it high time for the H^tSl'la^tUta^ro.^^^.C" l'^^^^"- typedof aman labors under a;election.It is natural, we are aware, to presume that disadvantage. For it is a common error to Judge KcssELi. has come to feel the nksonse- TEitnoBis'B letters to ne, aaaay of waieh wan wiit-the shabby of the grounds!!'1old gentlemanBfchaka-n.and this is not the V;e hope, rather, thatMs gas toitooad;thereuponfiredanother,passed throughatthe most momentous to the civilization and theThePresidentialContest.The Democratic cauldron is beginning toofus, that reason the action of the Baltimoreaas. Possibly ittbem back Wesessions,beingfact he is one of the most notorious of thecrats never to surrender thechance ofimportant of the Free Slates.opinionpoints.ail,hisassociates,bythe Presi-OOTODB OOMUTTll .MPosVoflice blasks, *e.FostmastsratCotatobiUi affHiitail >a IM «( •-The time for anothergress.pretty promptly engineered.strangerof hisHe then shotat nominating a Presidential candidate is closeon these conditions.But; of ttecan and get it,asell,toinduce him to go throughthe oldfarcebut that was the last ofit,asvote it have been busy since the adjournment at Charleston in elect- from Si'Ulhern States, to take the places of the sececers. <vhoai they areiftheymajoritydetermined to exclude.In this way they hope— there were but 18 Yeas to 38fhao^taC WM aeato-matter of necessity to his friends in tlie Northern andcarryingBoard of Councllratn. not to ESVABS H. FiBBIS,—and he owes that strength to the fact that he is openly and defi- antly at war with the Admiaistration upon itsQ.— you ttoy tne gorerameat In his olSce ?ea^oyat the Norththerefore,respectftillyaulnlyciatlonsofme. ThatspeechwasrqioftadinttoHaw• York AdalslstialloB paper.joninment of tto TUrty4hkbut dobat I waa not nomtastart by tto T ~We see no evidence of share it. this,judgments years.that Courtforpoint newspapers best informationhavingmural lecture and then sent him to tlie State 10 some ot my prtrwe letlen. to Mr. Bciibbwom,theand to be stared at eral sentiment of Ihe Southern States towards.Jinif lenity he generally exteii<!s t<. cidprits—the Northernthor- of theofficer next drew a ;on a Com- temoved oa Cox'sAm* waaa aoatli; dfaeeStyagree Pro-Slaveryresisting;We doubt it. If he were the regular noaiinte of the party,but he caicnot, as tbe nomi-Q —DM yoo ever nave any conaspoadtoea with la. t?ity BLowBB.OItbeCoasfitafisa,larsisrancatosttppocttogground theyour legislatorsBaltimore or New-Orleans,would liave" when he said, that he was aKghthistory Globe.BcTixBwoBii to me wlta .Mr. CovonE, tJf.CbJ^TM*J^ever be ifheshouldbenominatedby majorityvote,shouldoT a character so grossly objectionable as towe believe he would loseSouthern Sutes,—enough to preventmeetings-bciore this Oomauac. That rta aa«atI am willinginwjilte House, and the indescribable morass liif fc^outh would rather see him President than imagineJapan,ness of a held at the will, and lor the ten in fiieudly coBtdoaoa. jost as aiae were wilttaB position of to liJiu- There are exoresctons upon both side^ efawhich surrounds cur own City Hall,donUey""';:.,:^':^!^^ found of American in this as well as North, believe tixat their only chance standing intellectually above his lellowsfeeling superioritymust not presume too far uponthe lOtkof 185TtAjter the llHlii'fcities is confessedly exemplarydidates,TtoT accorded, as i understood them,wttnaywillr.epublican.hardlytheyLi.ncol.v lies inmayQ'.—Without atottog ito oantanti of Mr. Borria- will not be lost, woKtB's lattor. aaB yew state if you know wmit"hUvitwswaa apon the Lecompton qiiestion aftwIfthatjudgmentagricul- and sci-;and as a theirbockswhenhis overseer,inmomentaiy TbitatoedMNthisnw^Ito ascertain for themselves the solid spoiled by the election of Luoout.encebases on which intercourse with Christendom might he recommended to their countrymen.a'3^i>ga»*Wnr: »BmM-K»n«K-llAaic HAK. President ;" the last of Washington hotels ptdlcy. The story which reachee us, not with such fleshly weapons as kowie- knives speak, did so absurd a thing as attend the I»«s«it lavtowoTgen-We shall studiously examine this case in the Cityof that we areof nls leiiers, provldeo I would consent tome"P''J'piippqpppppiiiH^home for the Uoody blosaoms of the Tree of liberty which may many Slave Slates as to prevent lus own elec- .Attneted by vi iBOaation that mgiaad- address the destNMSofarc^dlDgeac*other;—between seivanttravelers. inevitablybebeatenthroughouttbeNorthand UnknBeetlogonFliUayevening,manypeo- 'the first Soathem State that shall secede," If we had any good reason for going to West. And, In this way, the election might ple attended who otherwise wonld not have and " the Northeni States on whose statnte- Japan, or tbe Japanese for coming to us, it be carried into the House of Bepresentatives, felt dlqtosed to waste their time. There wasMl yuran it>.mA ilT&rak-tifM Two C*»n, mtni mt UX bookathe TTnlttn stands repudiated." There was that we, on our part, might oonvince where the Democrats would, at least, stand a carkMity to hear what the deaeendaat of the.^Sf' l^WajSwt !•• flHta *>•»• •«*«« te HtxDoi.-BJay he those who will ignoiantly wonder wtiat can be tbe moUve of war between two parties who agree in a mutual desire to "repudiatethe Japanese that we are a people of import- aiice to them commercially, and that they, onan equal chance.We are quite prepared, therefore, to see twopatriotic alid eloquent HairaT woa<d think ofthe ogitatioDs of the day. This curiosity wasPuucc af «tliarIffl U OaDeiiMicratic candidates in the^SKHMPMUC Times (ireak]j)-Tw« Dsuam • the Union." Bat this question is no coooem ly, and in its details. When the Japanese LAS being one of them ; and the result aimed man in a very eonmon way chant tbe praiaes Tilk«et*ttelustrious orator of thetable and at the toilet with a thirst for know- step which we hoped to make irrevocable by of everything that is done and said in the two descended a great way, and will never find hisitive yoQDg ladies iaspectinghut be hasJudges.ledge and an innocence of evil perhaps unri-!—ira.aH—TBXun's rBaSAWUT rolled since the days before the fall. They Japanese statesmen who head that Embassy be confined to whatwayback.Onr Politicians and onrun,wUhoottae '"•"^r^M-Tnlitwoawllliimlii allhaliI'are still nndergoiog a good deal of com- doubtless feel thatgreat Washingtonvactually transpires there,kaontodge «( Mb Baaan, acalarthtolhbb ThaXaplimenting and parading, however, at Phil-adelphia, the Fathers of that friendly city revolutionary movement in their nation's his-rarely,ever,'Ka. TM BiaiBTrAi—BxHiBi- having resolved, as the ftdthfol telegraphandmade the medium of fraud as well as folly. tician, named Rilet, combined about a month mlttedthapet wUto la aitatarfday destinedto"paywiththeirpersons,"asthe whichtheydetest;speech-makingsdayFrendfexpressit, forthe determination with which'BooLX and Van Tine will resent this in-jvm;I!ing argumentsagainstmight be immortal.It is a grievoiis abuse and''{coniaged, therefore,Silly speecheswill continue to he delivered aswith a number of otherrowdies in hoot-dIdiKitlntadaiiriah>iTtoMr.theresultsofthe nowwithus. TheEmbassy Houses at —that if it could^^the mightiest tory. They may well be bored, vexed, dis-to their archivesagoSob~ii^t farUstonlyareengagedin collect-had bwa madelylBveMlgMsd the»a(>sr.and w» |after new records ofin towhich cannot tmderstand, and familiarities whichpologixats Mr. Bsncaa peaceably passing along Broadway at called upon Mr. Soairevolt all their instincts.^vnanplacadki poasetmoaof oar City of solent pretension of the rectangular Quakers, officers who have them charge, parade been able to understand. Unless the official hooting at him, to " punch them." Rair!~ " fromYera Oroz when their Excellencies and suite shall be theiplikesobears it ;t eacnapaadence, brongh:'i ttTT'**"' in the unprecedented timemay gratify schools and the kitchen areasthere can be made to confine himself to the record of all the business of Congress,fairly caged in the Metropolitan.theimmediately twice. Thefiiatpledraspoastbl* poattion nater ths({hla to baa tor tiUl. Mr. 8clmany^tame boardingreporterstruck at him, and am^fJ.B.JcOKKSftCo.,theGovernment Dimrumorsprecedetheprogressoftheprinces tokeepupflyingflirtationsall thewayfrom andtothespeechesthat-areactuallymadein drewarevolverandfiredathim __tlina lecdved. The event, it appears, of NiphoD, hinting that all these splendid rival-'\•'Tommy" and weshall be to Mr.h«wasqnliaw11Ufi(toroeeivethe •( apotaoperson,anddidBotear*tohaveUbpotop eoDstdcibgUi woidas foedasUsbeal,, m,t wlinlly unexpected, as it «va9 uaderstood ries in theWashington to New-York, withother bare-legged menials of the more inacces-disposedFbtob ia bis efforts to ahate a nuisance.shot the side ef his only grazedwayof and receptionshead, and,It may amuse tbeapalaif;anyother candidatewould nephewofPAraroK Hkbxt wouldCongress,joinas if detennmed to murder him, the assailantAeeotdlBgly Majror Bnaan oaeaavaatotlemaa, whoiaveUinaowaa Copt-HaBt, to Mm. B Kfch the Miramon nsnrpation. The le- tbe shaking of Occidental hands has be- test, with emphasis, against the frirolous and ing practice in the Globe, we shall no doubt his neck, luckily only inflicting a flesh wound. ScHBsa*! nooi, abovt • o'oto^ to-Bi(hl, «> ha fciy— --to y*wii mmd^tte all the transactions oftM impreasion that the ae- rmast ahoitly teiminateigaining groand,ITth of May, the run opon the banker 4. One millioa dodais were paid bat a« six hosdred thoQssnd dollars J to meet the requirements of the en- [were not on band or procurable,totheir feeblethatbut we really feel bound to pro-pall uponHfyntafaa obtained by the Liberals had pre- gun to lose its charm for them thatbegunpalates;sible princessenseless in which our authorities styleTo illustrate the utility of this minute reportrwhichpleaded guilty, rely- standing as a Wardpolitician to come off harmless.It was shown by tbe IHstrict-Attorney, whoit appears is now in town, tliat' Bilet was for— whereas,which it was "to aaat aasa my district who were In the employ of tto Oar- eniment under biih, as I have leasoa to kapwYoik, did tbe same thing.Howdo knowthat? A.—I knoiryou it frotoseen the men in the district a: election, at the primary elections, and at the election.•"found him to be peacesKe a n ileast, quitelikely—dent a while ago, and came before the Senateagain on Thursday last. We should like to"Uesstt. Sxna aad Moiaa. adiiaai SfUiman, wera bafcra Oa Cotada Ca day, and wan cxamtaad as to taair I portins Uic EotflA bffl. It 1;study the means and the men by which thisthe unusualAs in the Senate, Mr. Bixgham,versed in the arts andby —andYoik;—and in any other city ofthe Umon,exceptofmessage of the President in the c^e of An-THCR Edwakps and his associates. Tae bill of ••upwas toservices on the Northern la?<es. auii was vtlocdchurgtishould pass over the President's Veto and on lore beas well as of partments. Alter thisquestiontutuBonywith look to find Mr. Hale opposing it. and for the reasonsin other cases or we ;cf good character; ^^ill favorably con- tlder this peiitton. and your petitioners wilt everthrough."oi:gUt pas-s."' To T,iB Hon. Jcsgb Rcisti-i We. the unJersigoed, Do know wars men in tto ototherocf.tsion1 thint it ought not to pass, know theA.—I knowof whom, Itfeiakt were ezpressly appointed for the porpTK of travaitac over my district and doing woat tbey could to dolsat!frea£ury is open, and people go in with pretty liberal hands and help themselves, and thatwhatever. ani!i theperseverancepatiencebesieging;olWe do no! infer from this that the Sena-other,theygettingask that your Honor will dispose of the case according tofindacts of President Buchana.v which one canttetr doctriaa toIn toe Tenitarlaaveto oftionofit. If Mr. Edwards and his associates had any valid claim against the (joyernment for mail services which the Kxeculive Gov- ernroeut disavowed, it should have been re- ferred to the Coitrt established hy law for the express purpi>se of hearing and determininghismy personally.through Congress, that it has not rested uponany judgment cf the Court of Claims. It it hadpleasure in holding them to their fall responsi- bility to the public, because it may teach themUSthe fate of till thethe last four or fivehave considered the approval of tne Court thetedCongressional —to awanl him full praiseforf"TM»2" tbIj ^^^'f.°LSii2Ktthe Treasury mayHouses in four months' time?"j".' 5'- compliment ot thinking sire that the onus of puoUshmr :l>e« leteri toaytoDouglasespecially extract a veto from so rimid and nervous anhesire of a reekction, else heasMr.A Vebv Great Descent Lndeep.upon Ward Conventions.theTo this charge theastobis slaves, expatiate upon the clothes with fall, the Senate will choose a Vice-President fed them, and the oil which he•dant of the man who proudly demanded " I4b- *t.«ierty or death," telling them that Slavery waa a »i« «*- •• We to some extent witff Mr. good thing, and even painting the lUy which he w«td Ami (barMajestyand Washington hacks, of affectionate little i to-day, of the assassination of the Ty- and revolvers. But we are not sure that it Union meeting on Friday evening, it must have aooonpoBiM taim &«a HaTycoon,thatintercourseshalltriimiphintheJapanese ofitsl>elngawarfarewagedinthespirit,and'impelled bycnriositynephew<mgraiBg, wfeaa Ishall beTheMr. Hxuby may be a descendant from tbe il-it«>»»«ti« otwillpainfully illustrate the intensity of the We fiiid it BOif itconfirmed,would please us to see the Globe extirpated.inpresenttracing opposition which exists in J^Mtn to tbe great the progress of a bill, so valuable as a record'om ef lh« <ai«f of PoUnkaaTo-dar lafMBsilaB wm lodgodwiei Ifanir las-nuisance,howevcE,thatthisrecordshouldbe eralSessionson A Friday.ortbeUacaatak** gambler poli- Upon aaosrtolalHthey thatthebut why theyshould shouldforthempeoplepaysomsthingand we can approveaffixed to this document, aofMr. Slidkll would;and all the jabbers and lobbymen in and out of Congress would have thought the same of it as .Mr. Slidell,without having the hardihood to make such a hod Prison for two We have so ortentime Deeagreatest objection to it :theknowing the process by which a claim onCommineo, tto letterswith tbe naderstandlng that If Mr.be run—through the two??J"StM!r—The derulingto tescfy"out'at to chiu-se me with tovlog acted at loaM wllk dwaUcity "P°" "" KsnsMftiasnoa. Benoe It ta thsithat brains are transmittedBut are not driven to this generations with blood, and people often e;;.- benefit, ofthe worst class the^c«mmumty. vetv iiiendly etotoater.,tciitary horsemen" -who happen to chief municipal officers resemble Mayor Wood the phiJanx of Jforthem States that are likely malics hJm seem below mediocrity. We fyt- make and unmake our Judges.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069;Untitled Documentof hu- thatwith his aucestors s.uhserviencyis"r de- would no: haveHi. Bi;t«»wobth, SaUorheie, con.e:,icai!'ff!- »s«t to tto yab-to tiear hisretired very early and in disgust.some time a "actwas gotthrough"tbetwoHousesofCon- thathethensetupagambling-houseforhim- theyweretma^tbypt«ai«safttoappliancesCongressthus hurried through the initialstages of law-making—was so objectionable tlie last fivehail IhsliillallaallM««a<lthus morvelonsly commending itself toinliniiiiat!well-diessedliilm niiiiiilnliilthciillliB Jimthe vetothisNays in the botij which had passed the bill bur tbe names of the signers to tlie attention ofquestionthe obscurity of a law report.We commendtheWe, underBlgned,hereby certify Sat we have,of which time we have known himA ^Yes, d.-.Revdntion,if further than it went in the Coon of Gen-i uiwasnot delivered we have never rally irritated, and threatened, if they were toiT, ha woald fnmpOr airot Itetithereuponafterwards, without any further provocation,her clothing, for which mentor IDT appofatoelitiof iiis life in thespent peniten-dot ha Mdtiary.In spite of al! tiiese facts, with which every- Col. MissBT was also wHUaf; at* _bodylowing petitions were presented to Judge Rus-dobeen persocsjiy acquainted with tVn. H. Rilit, allanyBsowas,t^j bewe huve nevsr kno»-n of hisMr, BcncBTroBTBallofCeiutitvtuii, seat iatocriminalsent one now pending in the Court of General S«s-committedheit of paitioji,of tbeol thejr participation in a barefaced attempt atMET. and two or three othercaged in this laudable endeavor. There are some among tbe signers, however, who wouldWe take still greater pleasure in adding that- —public exposureLecompton Coaja- city vi'hich prompted them, for he not only paid tudon, which statement I know was sup«i»-duced to oe pubmnod by Hi. Bctisbwoj^ no heed to them, but gave the convict a sound and reference been made In thit f^'mmfimf""" thetUsdaj, «B; Iknowofnobfa oa Cox's aiaA bfA.—I have reason to beliere that goodthaimy reeleclton.sent,-7!?' .^aitaand in tfaali <^liilaB did not lataal fa> laanUfefa, ^ a^iirin tntsntlim tn hadiartgnedaadMaaifawaatobasas, aad ttat then wdold baa vaesBBV.waidl I waa tofiU; Coxtaslatodttot I Aetfd oaaanttto aaaa; I did U wiuioatavoldad theions toprtat. they did a>t get aay af sentence " on a man who had it. in answer to a questioB of Cero^l, to said ttos at tbe election of Coi.tn 18}8,ttoie waaaopacoatoiyuieas o(unblushing impudence, and we should there- considering thai it lacolpated no one,English composition,was tskca, tbieto have them remain uuried in strlk>BgltaIlont,btdle(ttttoCoxto saywtoiaaltyouraddressed a public meeting at Uorrisanlt, aad hi* speech en tbe occasion was devoted to dsanati,!!^case. The Hfralil agues to the pubUcation of tneseshaabapuaushedalfo.Lecompton policyA—ccmber, 1817, Mr. BonsBwoxn aid notthai Iins wsi atoa 0—laaOwof tto Ftaddaai? a.—Mo._, any eanespondenceu» charge mo wia having at o|e«omd_conNlw-Voeb Timbs of tto S*a(Apii tost,tcrs to me. provideddetiance ofihe llomUouot mv letters to Idm. Tto ataMtoaa|,aaa-ConttUmtiim,  