 1 lgether is very striking. The cultivation of per- sonal graces has probably no charm for him, but the graces of his nature are such as never need elaboration. There is something beyond all art inwho supported him so enthusiastically in the State Conventionhavethegreates.trtjasonto.besatisfied FromOnrOwnCorrespondent-CHARLESTO: 1800.SERVANT, •• , \S .•.' i,243.Northern countries of England and the Scottiah Bor- der,includingthebestcollectionoftheworksofThos. Bewick, the wood engraver, ever offered for sale; rarei •IS31I Io n as called upon him. These were both numer- ous and various—representing, perhaps, as many tempers and as many nationalities as could easily be brought together at the West. H e was seatedThe vote of Tuesday in Massachusetts shows a more complete ascendancy of Republican princi- ples and the Republican party than that of any previousyear. Mr.Lincoln'svotecomesupcloser to Col-Fremont's than any one anticipated, and his majority over all others will be nearly as largeAugutt last, more hostile laws were enacted againstthe free colored race, stimulated by John Brown'sinroad, and the subsequent symptoms of an ulti-mateRepublicanPresident. Eachfreenegrowas largeacceeBiontothebuyersmaybecountedonwhen required to have a guardian, to whom he was as- it is complete, as many persons have reasonable objec-imefrankandhonest sunshineofhiscountenance.Jt is full of fine expression. Mr. Lincoln's age, I George T. Davis of Greenfield, and Win. B. Cal-resultinPennsylvaniaseems tohavebeen realized theJewsfromtheir European homes. As allen- 1715,&c,&o. Tr .habitofverifyingStatemsnt»ofthe prafeeeors,andoftState Legislature, and thus to secure the election the entertainment of his visitors as unconcernedlythereby, but.there is no fairness i n selecting from among the causes of his ill-success, one which is so disparaging to him, and one, also', which has.com- paratively little to do with it. 1 have no. idea that twenty men in the District voted against Mr. Bur-lied upon to supply the deficiency. Cheating be- came chronic. But on this occasion the cheat was,-!iJL,.».-AiJlJUUMIRMMPW*JH.UJ.VJJ*-*4..n-^kVJ-v' -•'•• '••.-'••*.'--.-J.'-. -i'. 'i-^NiV-rti,...v.v1Republican Glee-Clubs sing it out here), waitingbut the influence of the imported " residents," of whom great lumbers were on hand, was presently shown. In order to maintain their majority in theHouse, from which—so quickly it had all passed-^- he had not probably been absent more than five minutes. And, after getting back, he turned tojears old. The author (of whom nothing is known but the fact of his being of "Gray's Inn); has been led by his subject, to the Creation, Tfte Pall, & c , and it is scarcely possible that Milton can have avoided see- ing and profiting by hie work. The book is known togarden, divided, as you eee, into six grand divisions, these again into beds, and these in turn into smaQ squares. The whole occupies but about 1£ morgan (a little more than an acre), and yet I have in it not far from a thousand plants in culture. As th© nam© indi- • cates, it is not a general botanic garden, in which none .of an Opposition Senator in place of Trumbull, the Democrats had given especial attention to such aseountk* a* they considered it possible, by any ex- pedients, for them to carry. Sangamon County is one of these, and here, accordingly, their efforts wereinadegreeconcentrated. Theeasycondi-if he had not just received a demonstration'bibliograpbexa (Mr. Heber'e copy sold for £ 3 3/), but 4ut learned botanists c a n find instruction a n devening,whenthepollsclosed,therewasstill tion of qualification as a voter in any county—pro- doubt as to the result in this particular neighbor-haveseizedupon.somerealor>pretendeddis- CheatedButler,aRepublican,in.AsByerlycan value,ithasremainedforanAmericanstudenttomake articleofcultureonalargescale.Hence,alsomanyvided the required years residence in the State isassured—naturally produced a sudden and- disa-greeable, though not unexpected amplification ofthe ordinary population. B u t still, although therewas probably not the best feeling on either side, theelection progressed with as little turbulence a s coln, almost alone, i s sitting snugly in the tele-44 respectable" people, s o called, did not regardMr. Burlingame as a fit man to represent a mercan- ballots to be re-counted. This done, and he shownclopaedia Britannica "—the twenty-first of the eighthedition—ifl on the eve of publication, and will worthilycomplete the undertaking. The chief articles are Mr. one a trial, upon tbe entire extent of one cf the smallever elections are troubled with.Daring the greater part of the day Mr. Lincolnxemained in the Governor's room, at the State-House -—which he has occupied for the past few months —quietly overlooking t h e outside proceedings a tgraph office, where M r . Wilson, model o f tele- graph superintendents, has provided for his speedy receipt of all news that shall arrive.FROM BOSTON.-• BOSTON, NOV. 8, I860..Roger«;:"Thea<re,•''byDr. Dbran; 'Telescope,''by Sir J. F . W . Herschel; "Voltaic Electricity," by Sir David Brewster; "United States," by Prof. Samuela separate inclosure, there is no necessity of introduo ing any of the plants which are the subjects of our common farming operations. The student, therefore,the surface and :h * 'Swedish matron: d •prists simply of e:g Height fottlorc, w i.ling an octagc&J xux n three- chidn*,''about six incbe* *r ^rith a strip of xotdom of action. 8,threeone&d againby;twoBt*{.k The most import ment, and obeervar ihe Poppe»a<iorf In alpublication«:>t i.-ieilurgen,"' of winpreparation. I t j : of thethirdci::.>-:)''•'•j, 1. Kjcp«nna«oti vrjtl v BarNtf in. *"II. Cci:ir»:i»» of . v ©orbeato of AXSSJCB *III.Onvtalo««*p^ci< f-^nuiicatiDg it l>r L^* i IV.N»tnn?'iaid*tJ.t faect*. LvrhmarnV. The UTT»iui »ortt«Court-House,whichstandsjustoppositetohisFromOnrOwnCorrespondent. • window, and receiving and entertaining such visit-One of the results of Carolina law against col- been chosen, though the common opinion of those I- South Carolina forbade negro emancipation. I nI. Grains—Winter and Summer of kinds and species not universal in Germany.II. Plants of the bean and pea tribes. III. Plants for fodder.IV. Rootcropplants.;V.Plantscultivatedformanufacturesandcommerce, subdivided intomost of the time—-rising only now and then at theentrance of some new visiting delegation—in an as Fremont's. The vote for Douglas and.Breckin- armchairofliberalproportions,inwhichhe ridgewillexceedbyabout1,500thevoteforiueet fs different. But it is not surely wise or fairto canvass every two years for the purpose of As-certaining whether a vote or two may not possiblybemadebydiscardingafaithfulmanandtakingup an untried man.- Something is due to the wishesofthemassoftheactualmembersoftheparty.It sessed as a slave.. He must alsowearacopper tionstocommencingthepurehaseofaworkstillinpro- is well known that Mr. Burlingame had no com- badge bearing his number. If found without a',Plants for oil.Plant© for spinning. Plantsformanufactures. Plants aromatic.Plants officinal (medical.)seemed exceedingly composed and comfortable, but Buchanan; the vote for Bell is about 3,000 largerglected t o procure.the degrading badge, he was overrate the value of the *' Ency* Brit." (as it is called fined $20, and if caught without it, he was finedto this effect. It is in more ways than one that he Districts and the Worcester District, the vote istertheBostonmerchantsbypretendingtobetne beentoreducehimtoslavery,ortodrivehimoutwhich anybody might well take a little time to think of and be proud over.a strange one. Byerly and Lehman are both Dem- none <f them seem to have looked beyond the title, andocrats, the former for Breckinridge, the latten for as it never fell in the way of Sir Egerton Brydgea, pleasure, but strictly confined to economic products.hood. A s I close, late in the evening, this uncer- tainty is not removed, although it now seems to be taken for granted that the Republicans have not suffered. The city i s resting and preparing for public demonstrations to-morrow, and Mr. Lin-many cases a single plant or a few specimens of it would be sufficient for other purposes; but I give ©v©rythan Fillmore's vote, and Lincoln's vote is some-thing like 2,000 less than Fremont's. T h e wholevote thus far reported is 169,228, and one or two Ihe most virulent hatred, because he was what is. which he hardly appeared to fill t o anything likerepletion. NobodyexpectstofindMr.Lincolnaportly man, but a t first sight his slenderness strikessane as even beyond what had been expected. H i s from the estimate which I sent to T H E TRIBUNE as our other members voted,, but he never took but actually made him so. Its object must havein the Row for shortness)—but, if an easily-accessible andwell-digestedbodyofrnhjcellaneousinformationis the beau ideal of cyclopaedias, it is far from answering4small towns are to come in. I t will not vary 500 called an \ Abolitionist." I believe he alwavs votedand imprisoned. I f the guardian, proved to be a dishonestman,heCouldsellhimintoperpetualslavery, after which, his property was liable toseizure. The law not only regarded him as a slave, to that description.VI.Forthekitchen..One Bide of this garden is planted with a larg© num* ber of different wine grapes.Visitor—~Bxxt how is the student to find ia all these steal!bedsanyparticularplant,©speciallyifunknown to himTgreat hight (extent,they jocularly call it here) adds some weeks ago, viz: 170,000. In the Boston pains to be classed as a •" conservative," or to flat-—The season o f library book-sales by auction i s of the State. The latter result has been accom- commencirigearly in London. During thecoming Win-standsfarabovetherestofthepeopleroundabout considerablylargerthanin1856,.andifafullvote especialchampiqnofcapitalratherthanlabor. I have reason to believe that his great offense, next toto have no limit as to persons. All share it. Next coln has at least 48,000 more than that number.to this, his most marked characteristic is thejrteady A reserve of 48,000 will be sufficient to win all the spirit of the age. \very curious coHcc-ion of books relating to America, much attention. Among those are carpenters, picked up in every corner of England by a gentleman, masons, shoemakers, "tailors, & c , and among the (Mr. E. G. MasoD), who has for some years made thisattention and his'animation axe the same, whateverprominent man in our politics for a good while.tion.ofAll havebeenb ysuddenly driven outbefteve, is fifty-one, but he certainly has no ap-•M^v^pfWvammPBnpRRSBg^H (UJJIJJUUWJJUAWWwmmgmspjnop,,,,NEW^YOSK liffiY '^miBtJNEi^mm$mMiiMns9iMr«ifllfft3 « f1M3WIeuMv&itd broomp.. H©i brxubee, or handerm© Hj|isnhinov-r: t jProf. W.-KVisitor- If| can famish •< to enUrioto With Mr. 8 charge of/•*! foreeierr,#wyj drOOpirtfefrr. andsua**bumProfW.-M wi'hm#K: Vigtftyr —Ojxaent cbftectbring themw o o l d h e h» and Anu-u'-.-.zi patcb-b*ar*r—In tbe kr^ ings of cyw ,Institute.Prof W Object is qn;'trt f«r them, they Tt©y are r'a?h« 1,200p-ix>d*.. P"4—What and cb-<*#>_Prof. W. -Tbe bree^ orThemilki«•«| lorbatterHI.<1| ©oly to tha' cfV i— Q s e r y . peneatiob, e& small, neat-'; liailyfittedtot ing mount*;» tity of .rich*.- tended udiier, fragrant ph.:/ \ | ties if transfei Winter m tb* s| th©'White aac America?V.—How < f th© stall?Prof. rV.-.< hour to an .oi•'- value of &XK? o| h by grazing—Wethen This is not la.-; tonso{ailthej jhu*cl*fl, the v t ofcowsandhe hcofis and shoes] paxticular intex—Another littlewhichfor] as thowing hci labor-saving tot Germany. T l labor, for in gtx art and acienv.'u of us.The instrums milk was new Krocker of the is manaiaKatan specimen here iron stand, lb orlWith a ring SCOM; ist'g stand for h* these rings, a KJ and of a shaiioi like this, " oniyjbelow i s , i a •lightly conical ternally ground, glass stopper, iu^.- t© project abo\ convenience or h also ground, andter for the bar ilt to them. The :'o plete separaiionTbe graduate'.; at nred, about an in< nowretunderliefully raising the a The* measure of quantity, of co<:rs Trofet-sor atteurtsi measure the crt-tnl may as weu a wfif re which V oi and which is incon thatafieldwan-aLITERARY:being bored, but these never escaped him. O n Webster, and,William Haydon of the old -Atlas* their counting-rooms. Nothing short of so general —li ufoffidaDy announced, that on the first of next taken in Btradry remote regions, not entirely unknown- 'MOM -rafc* SOJTJ? o r JMTJZ. .rftrcofcre wo*!* be quite justified in letting out symptoms of toric fame, vtet Peter Harvey, the friend of Mir. stores, or Bell portraits were plen^jr on tne walls ofa series of sketch©* and travel© which h© has under-CONDAYATSPRINGFIELD. r0§mdtfComqp0n4evt-cies of his guests, in whatever direction they might and venerable, slipped b by 200 majority. I f weUnta to-day, the day of election, the political lead him. Somebody signified deep interest in the could have been olessed with the presence a t the Democracy. The party i s now dumb with con- thled "Great Expeetetione." I t will be a work of Life and Manners—and of Love "—i» also promised,SPRTNGFIELD, Dh, Tuesday, Nov. 6; I860.thecontrary,hewasever readytomeetthefan- Theywere,however,BOneglectfulofthehighprivi- a>eoak'scence could havesoeffectuallyredeemed lege that two Other men, as worthy if not as grave Pennsylvania from the dominion of the Cotton" AH the Year Bound," anew serial story, tobeen- bis own pencil." A domestic romance o f ' Kngfiab.State House next Winter o f George Luat, Peter fusion. The first midnight returns of Tuesday considerable length) occupying in its weekly progress,whichMr.Lincolngavewithgreatminutenessand Harvey,andWilliamHaydon,weshouldhavebeen depopulatedtheirnumerousheadquarters,aiufsent aperiodofeightmonths. Mr.Thackeray'snewstory dramaticcriticismandintelligencearealltoreceive•subject of rail-splitting, and sought explanations,by an eminent hand; and poetry, science, Hvn-ary aad tolerablysafefromradicalismandinfractionsofthe them'howling toJhcir.homes.. Theirlightswere willnotappeartillafterChristmasisturned. Nothing specialattention.©Mitexoent has not been s o great in this city as nighthavebeensupposed,inviewoftheresidence hereofthemostprominentofthePresidential candidates. During last week, and even so lateas yesterday, the preparations for this days work were earned on with a quiet and systematic regu- larity, rather than with the unbounded extrava- gance often of late displayed further East. But, y e s t e r d a y a f t e r n o o n a n d e v e n i n g , i n d i c a t i o n s o f a warmer and more eager feeling appeared. In the State-House square, in the PostOmce, and uponaBlookicgforward.withhopesmoreorjegg1asmuchaspossible,encounteringacrowd.At 40,000,50,C00,and60,000votes.Nomenofordi- withtheplantationlash,willresentbeingdriven broughtout.Itwouldseemthattheonlypurposeof volvedinthecreafionofwhatitsopponent^charao- ardent, to the impending local contest—for the about 3 o'clock, however,, he was informed that the nary intelligence could have been so ignorant of the from power by kicking out of the traces. There* these wholesale announcements—ia most cases not terize as a "gigantic monopoly."simplicity,andquiteasearnestlyas,aminutebe-Constitution.'. speedilyextinguished, theirgroggerieswereclosed,isknownaboutft,exceptarumorthatsomeofthe -ThegreatSystem*Mudit(antheywould©ayhk sceneswillbelaidinHolland. 'r France), forthecirculationofbooks,fameeting—Overlooking the immediate political agitation with very discourteous language in England from au- formed " in his time,"And contrasting it with the more than i t cast for Fillmore four yean* J.^0. I t aforetime, but, under the panic of a crushing over- consequent on the election^ the chief publishing thors who say they are suffering from Mr. }.t'a powerfore,hehaddiscussedtheattitudeoftheStateof.New-York, showing how the operation was per- dead; I t has cast' 22,000 votes, or about; :{,0oo were rung rejoicingly—they kindled no bonfires asmore modern method of dividing logs, whioh he admitted to be an improvement.S i n c e e v e r y R e p u b l i c a n v o t e i n t h e c o u n t y w a sneeded, as likely to affect the result in the Statefor the purpose of defeating Mr. Burhngame andMr. Rice, and its projectors and engineer/}, includ-i n g M r . G e o r g e T . C u r t i s , M r . J . T . S t e v e n s o n ,Mr. G. S. Hillard, Mr, Geo. Lunt, and Mr. AlbertFearing, and Mr. Leverett Saltonstall, mist haTMthrow/ gave up the streets to Wide-Awake proces- sions that made the night luminous till daybreah. A f t e r t h e h u r r i c a n e h a s c o m e a u n i v e r s a l a n d g r a t e - ful calm.n e w b o o k s p o k e n o f i n t h e E n g l i s h l i t e r a r y p e r i o d i c a l s , v*ith thefcimpleadditionof "in press ", at the top or bot- tom of the list—they do not offer much material ford i s c o v e r y t h a t M r . M u d i e i a h i m s e l f a d w s e n t f c i t preacher (bis library of half a million volume* *otb©- iogsufficienttooccupybisattention),and fmwtpttati*.TheBelleverettpartyis,ofcourse,used,tinand androwdiesslunkearlytotheitdens. Nobelle :was established, and has been kept running solelyhouses are putting forth long lists of announcements; to proscribe any work which does not PU* his owa but as this is chiefly done by copying the title of every ta*t©B. The most damaging point of- the a^ack j©th*lingame is more popular than all other men, but he full seasonable quota. Factories and founderies arecitizens was, indeed, the only evidence just then of back with him, put him;in a favorable position for had for four years been the mark for the slander not stopped, nor are laboring men idle.. Our streets Charles Bennett and George H.Thomas, published inwitness the reviving foitunes of his mn^b-beloved I t a l y . ' ,—The concludingportion of Mr. Macknigbt'a " His-h i s i d e a l i t y , f o r i t w a s t o o d a r k t o d i s t i n g u i s h f e a - tures, and he took no part in the numerous discus- aiora near at hand. Upon the assortment of the •uJtl he fell to work very vigorouslyat an enormous •HISS o f letters, newspapers, and documents of doubtful aspect—powerful applications, perhaps— a quantity almost too great for one man t o carrys e e i n g a l l t h a t w a s t o p a s s , a n d t h e n s t a r t e d o u t a n d v i t u p e r a t i o n a n d s n e e r s o f t h e s u o b o c r a c y o f a r e t h r o n g e d b y p e o p l e w h o c a n n o t a l l b e w a l k - L o n d o n b y M e s s r s . B e l l &. D a l d y , w i l l m a k e i t s a p - again. •, ' . the city, and i t was extremely painful to see him ing for Tecreation. This year will see 2,800 new pearance in New-York with the imprint o f Messrs.party feeling seemed t o be suddenly abandoned. Even thedistributors of the Douglas tickets shouted huge pile of communications from their official re-; and swung their hats a s wildly as the rest. Mr.midate the salaried clergyman of the society and such enormous quantities, yet. the business paysenergy and perseverance with which Mr. Lincoln gave himself up t o the task of transferring thisfor Mr. Burlingame. The accusation generally made making money—we cannot all be going to pot. N owas that Mr. B. was in the habit of getting intox- grass shows ittelf in our streets a s predicted, nor coin walked leisurely through the hall and up the icated, a charge easily substantiated ii true by some are our wharves deserted. This week eighteen ofthese will both appear in New-York.aa distinct from the orator and statesmav; and that, for want of a Boswell to commemorate tbero toe stores of Burke's private life and conversation trelost for-pository to his own arms, was admirable to witness. Some friends approached and asked him, " how he ooald stand the pressure," to which he answered that he should endeavor t o sustain himself until Tuesday night, at least. There was then in the way ofhghtconversation,alittlecuriosityexpressedas ishisvoteenthefollowingday,whichMr.Lin- colnprtmptlygratified,by-declaring,withoutre- serve,thatheshouldvoteforYates(theRepubli- can candidate for Governor of Hhnoia). This- did not seem-to satisfy the questioner, who explained thathewasmoreparticularlycurioustoknow—Messrs. Rudd and Carletoh have in press and willstairway, followed by as many of the multitude a s one of the hundreds of thousands of persons who our banks distributed near half a million in dividends, shortly iseue Signor Euffini's new work, "Laviaia." ever, as there is no modern great man of cqnal emi-^paestion.' "Hoto vote?" said Mr. Lincoln, "well, to the voting table, deposited the straight Republi-undoubtedly like an Ohio elector of which I will tellyou—byballot;"afterwhich,herelatedsome cbott anecdote, and walked away, bearingup bravely wader h i s heavy accumulntion o f correspond-ence, and leaving his hearers all laughing.But to-day tranquillity forsook Springfield. Sun- vise was announced by discharges of cannon, which were continued until the morning was well on its way. Then the out-door tumult was supplied by bands of music, which, i u wagens, were drawn about the city t o stir whatever sluggish spiritsthere might be amoog the populace, and waken all •lumbering resolutions. T h e voices of men, assem- bling at the polls, were also heard in good-natured clamor. The voting began early, and for a whileand possibly he is to be Warned for. not repelling their society and discouraging their acquaintance.On his way across to the Court-House, Mr. Lin-broken down by such a set of men. Various causes houses built, in Philadelphia, many of which are Appleton & Co., by whom a portion of the edition has tory of the Life and Times of Edmund Barve" ie an-maybeassignedforhisdefeat;butamongthechiefiactories'andfirst-classstoreB,whilehundredsarebeensecured.ThesameLondonhousealsoissuesnouncedtoembrace"TheHistoryofth*Coalition-•" knowledge, in the way of public service at Wash- ticed by the ruling Democracy of Moyamensing.44 ington. Nobody ever applied to Mr. Rice i n In that district they have had full swing, and gov-" vain," & c , &c. . Now, it may be true that Mr. erned it by an organization of rowdies w'ho terrified Burlingaine neglected his conespondence and his "Whigs ana Republicans from the polls. When ma-constituents, and it may be " true that he lost votes jorities failed elsewhere, Byerly's district was re-and published in London in 1620, when Milton was 12 Prof. W.—This is the plan of our economic-botanicBut there betimidsoulsamonguswhoshudderinownfromthebeginning,andtotheend,thatthey•^g '"*TMTM, &*• -uincoin naa determined not t o were guilty of an enormous cheat, and imposture, at the consequences of this long-contested and con- comment. Ono hotue, a few (Jays sinee, thus aanoonces ill-affccted toward chuich literature. The imoortano©1Legislature,Mr.Lincoln haddetermined nottoof the streets, there were many! withhold his, but had intended to wait until toward flfry-five separate works, of which, in the ordinary the corners streets, many and falsehood, when, in order to raise money and fessedly complete revolution. They fear that thegiven to the topic seems strange at a diiW-iice, and ia Vasy little gatherings o f anxious debaters, evening, before going to the polls, in order to avoid, voters, they pretended that they should givo Bell Southern Democracy, so long accustomed to govern courpe of ite business, tome half dozen may actually be at least a tribute to the business tact and f<U©nt in-»way was as clear as it probably would be at any precinctswasput by assufficiently well settled. time^andhedecidedtogooveratonce. Hestarted,politics of the State as to justify them in: such pre- nre those, too, who are croaking through the streets intended to be folfilled, is to establish a preemptionorydictions. The uncharitablesuppositionthatthese thattheworldisacomingtoanend. Thefirstareright to the works according to the preaent. imperfectly-men are fools, andnotknaves, I rejectentirely. holdersofstocks,thelasthavesome-kindof goods understoodsystemoftrade courtesy, orelse toshowquestionas toall results beyond the immediate—Aworkofgreatinterestduringthepre»'ntItahau criiishasjustappearedinParis. Itcompriu•»t\e p*.It wasiat the Post-Office, too, the- evening before just a moment after receiving a cheering dispatch They are the confidence men, blacklegs a n d to sell. It is the old doughface leaven intensified ts hollowness and unreality, by a proclamation of the pers and documents of Daniel Manin, to arranged byfrom Simeon Draper of New-York, accompanied swindlers of our politics, and no more worthy of by tie political crisis. Not that the Marplot* arethe companionship o f respectable men, than the more numerous than aforetime, but that they are simple "right of the strongest." .the editor (Madame I'knot de la Faye), as to form aa exactandminutedetailoftieHistoryofVeniceinelection, that I caught my first accidental glimpse ofMi.Lincoln.Hewasstandingalonebeforehisbox, byanumberofhismoreintimate friends. After** m bight somewhat less than a steeple'* (as the he had gone a little way, an old gentleman who wasby t i e late President of the Venetian R^pudk with *>rthedistributionofthemail. Hisratherre- toremainintheGovernor'sroom,andlookoutupon whereelsethroughoutthecountrywereonlypartial^ merchandise,thiscity.hashaditsfullshareofbusi- selectedbyW.H.Wiles,andillustratedwith more himintoexile,andtheir arrangementoenpiedhint"sportingmen"ofSudburystreet,i ^«cy morechronically croakersthan-ever. Allthis, -^Thoughtheyarelateinmakingtheirappearance,The defeat of Anson Burlingame spoiled all our stimulated by base presses here and elsewhere, has several illustrated English books may be expected the years 1848 and 1849. Tne materials w**© broughtwith him intimated that he would, after all, prefer fun. for Tuesday night. The grand results every- had its influence on the • monetary pulses. As to abont the Holiday seafion. "Poets' Wit and Humor," saarkableelevationabovetherestofhisfellow-/thescenefromthewindow.SoMr.Lincolnwentcompensationforthisloss.NotthatMr.Bur-nessuptothedayofelection,andisdoingnowitstbfiJofonehundredengravings,from,drawingsbytothetimeofhislatedecease,toosoonf*himtocoln was not observed; but as soon a s he stood of these was an organized system of calumny of elegant dwellings, able to accommodate 30,000 peo- '"The Promises cf Jesus Christ," illustrated by Albert Ministry; Tha Iodia Bills; The Impeacomext ofupon the sidewalk, and advanced to the steps, h e Mr. Biu-lingame's private character. An honorable, ple. Ail ourrailroads are doing better than for the H. Warren, and dedicated to H. E. H. the Princess Hastings; The Conduct of Burke with reop^ct to thatwas recognized, and welcomed with such a cheer merchant, and not only honorable but pious, and. last three years. The freight over the Pennsylvania Alice," i n one elegant quarto volume, and " Shake- French Revolution; His Final Retirement at Beaeons-as no man ever received who has not the hearts as not only pious, but rich, retailed these slanders from Central is now monstrous beyond all former experi- speare's Tempest," in crown quarto, illustrated by a house to house, and also exerted his official influence ence—14.000 tuns passing East ;oyer it in a singlefield; His Private Life and Death; with Sketches of his C<*teniporaries, and an Examination iato tuePablic Events of the Time." It is to be feared that little ad-away, to say nothing of reading afterward. T h e well as the voices of his people. Every vestige of as President of a philanthropic association to inti- week* Coal never before came out of our mines in combination of Englbsh and foreign art, as the design-can ticket, with only the omission of his own namefromtheheadingofthe'honorablelist,whichhe himself removed. After thus serving h i s society.- I have heard men say that the Appletoners' namts include Birket Foster, Gastave DOT6, Fred-prevent him, under pain of discharge, from voting better than for years past. Somebody must be eric Skill, and Gaston Janet. I f brought out in time, ditional matter has come to light respecting to© man,could get near him, and, on entering the voting- have heard him speak or met with him in political none declaring less than three per cent, and tan of It is a Btory of stirring interest, the scene of course ly- circles for a year past, but notoriously as untrue of them declaring four and five. Cotton comes a s ing in Italy, and displaying that singular power over room, was hailed with a burst of enthusiasm which him as of any other public man of our time. I promptly from the South as it is called for by con- the English language so r&ely acquired,bya foreigner,almost extinguished the remembrance o f that have'known Mr. Burlingame pretty intimately for sumers, and our home fabrics go South as freely as which gives a peculiar charm to his other writings,nence of whom we have so little private ijiformation.TALK WITH PROF. WENTZ.... I.. .whichhehadjust receivedbelow. There, twelveyears,andIneverknewaman(unlessa ever.Theship-builders,havemoreworkunderway" Dr. Antonio," and " Lorenzo Benoni." Vary hand-thorough abstainer from liquor, like Gen. Wilson), too, therewasno sign of political feel- againstwhomthischargeofintemperancemighting. Isawaspryoldparty,withhishandfullofDemocraticdocuments,forgetHisspecial chargeisthatMr.B.isthecompanionofgamblersfunction so far as to prance upon a railing, and to and blacklegs and sporting men. A portion of this take the lead' in an infinite series o f Liacoln class of men have boen among Mr. Burlingame;ssupporters, because his popularity and luck made cheers. Theobjectofallthisirrepressibledelight himagoodmantobeton. Thishas,perhaps,than at any time since 1857. All these interests aresomeediiion8ofthema?epublishedbyMessrsR.&.C., CorrwpondepceofTheN.Y.Trfbon*. BONN,Oct.3,18fl0.howMr.Lincoln,would vote on thePresidential tookitascalmlyashecould,and, urging hisway thrownhiminto,.badcompany-on some occasions,edlyfomented. Theyheldlargelinesinyourstocks, ealledaveiyrespectableoopyrigntforaworkofthe andthedeclinehavingeatenuptheiramplemargins samecharacter,onlyafewjearssince.they have been stripped bare. Their names beiugandPrussian-Poland,whencehewastransferredto Bonn, Histitlehereis"Ad^ooinistrator/'he"auniinia- tering" the farm operations. He lives in toe building whish may be called the "farm house," the lower story ofwhichistheextensivechemicallaboratory.This* house is upon the street, and is on one side of a court, which is inclosed by tne cow-stall, the tool- house, and a third, which is now filled with wheat and wherein a thrashing machine is at work.comparatively<hardtohammerdown.Croakingcan-not .as fairly and truthfully be. made. Another not do if. But it is at the Stock Board that stagna- and the new work of the author will be brought out in Oct. 1.—Called upon Prof. Wentz. He is a man ofDouglas. Y et Byerly cheated his confrere out .of The principle is to cultivate in it everything, which i a The afternoon went o n uneventfully, and a t lingame for this reason, though they .may Congress, .and, s o fai a s the certificate goes, whose taste would have dueeraed and appreciated its any pait of Germany is, should be, or may become ancourtesy, a s a pretext for- opposing him. hardly write his own name, there are concealedBut The Advertiser means something more parties who must have done the forging while By-than i t says. It means that the merchants -and erly did the .substituting. Efforts are being madeit known,—The last volume of the new edition of the " Ency- a plant is her© introduced for trial and experiment. I ntile city, and by its parallel between Burlingameand Rice, it means that the class of men to wliich yJSdr. Rice belongs is the fittest class from which to "elect representatives for a mercantile place. Thereis something in this view. If Mr. Burlingame couldhave added to his popular qualities a reputation forfamiliarity with business affairs, it would have beenbetter for him, no doubt. I do not find fault withthe remark thatMr. Burlingame has44 tried one turn44 too many at the wheel of fortune," or with theinference that he ought to have got out of the way.to drive Butler from his position o f requiring the to be defeated, he gives way at once. If one fraud• has been proved, he think* with reason that another may bo shown up. It is said, moreover, that Gov. Packer will. not grant him the certificate o f elec- tion, but will be governed by the verdict against Byerly. But then Gov. Curtin can grant the certi- ficate, and then the ballot-boxes will be taken t o Washington and there overhauled. Mr. Butler re- pudiates Litigation, and asks only for fair play all round.squares—and very small, they are, that is true, but suf-I think it quite probable that some Republican o fthe class to which Mr. Rice belongs would have ored men is now.very conspicuous here. In 1822,petitorforthenominationthisyear. Therewas apparently no desire that he should retire.gress. A s a.collection of specific treatises, on special guardian,hewassoldpubliclyasaslave;ifhene- subjects,fromthehighestauthorities,itiuimpossibletoThe general fact is that the Pro-Slavery classes ofBostonandvicinityhatedMr.Burlingamewithplished,forhundredsoffreeblackshavebeenleav- ter,inNovember,Messrs. Christie.&Manson,the • Onthewhole,untilheismorefamiliarlyseen,itis had been drawn outin the State,ourmajority aconsistentadherence to Anti-Slavery principles, ingforthe North, anditis probable thatallwho FineArtauctioneers,willdisposeofthelibraryofMr.Prof. IF.—You see this manuscript oatilogna. I t ' wouldhavebeenmuchincreased.Wehave canraisethemeanstocomethisway,willfollowScarisbrick,aLancashiresquireofgreatwealth,containsalltheplantsinthegarden.Inth*firstcol- .e.IT*totb*mpcr*^not Hie exterior of Mr. Lincoln that attracts; but. was a spirit of insubordination toward the claims ofgiven the Opposition another illustration o f the the rich and ignorant classes, the " H . , S . & T . " their example. It is said that 780 have left Charles- lately deceased. I t i s said to be one of the mostInstead,hiswinningmanner,hisreadygoodhumor, foolishnessofbasingtheirhopesupon"there-;partyofthisregion.Hemayhavegonetotheton,withinthreemonths.Manyoftheserefu- ep'eudidprivatecollectionsdiepoeedofgiocethegoldenumn is the generic, in the second the specific botanic name(sothatthestudentsoonbecomesfamiliarwith their names), and then the more common appellation- By laying the book flat open, you will see that tha columns of smaUsquares correspond to dates 1857,1858, &c, which are placed along the margin of the cover! On the plan, the small squares ar© all numbered. I n the catalogue, tbe number of the square occupied by any plant in any particular year is inserted in th© col- umn of that year. As, ©ven on this small s.'ale, rota- tion of crops is observed, the eame plant cornea in differ- ent places at different times Tnis plan, simple enough When once devised, but which cost no small amount of thought, has this inestimable advantage: Th© student hearsinthelectureareferencetoacertainplantwhich he does not know, or a fait in regard to it which ha wishes to verify. During the fifteen minutes' inter- mission, by the catalogue he finds it in a moment upoa tbe plan, if it is in cultivation; i f not, th© catalogue shows it, and the plan ssnds him at once to th© rightVititor—Another advantage of this must be that thestudent,notbeingbotheredwithhuntingupaad tb>n remaining undecided, whether of half a dozenVI JBeoMilu ujwc Li laat* ob'ain retieatVII.OsiUwaw*» onhaux-n.VIII. Tamdp»F«.' c TX. Tb*- rieutopo" » X. Onthf'Cttirisri; C XL Phc»phorcu» is e« XJI MUw«lxi|bu.-!" XIII. lLfluecce o( v« ' civilization. Fiof a j XIV. A fVw worxi't .pIn tbv Sutniuer 1"« £tuu'«nt* tuiitrico.a:r^.V\ uiu» TMUJ, LSi5 iin Uicci:U^ti /....'. XV. Obituaxj of L w ifden.This tabic oi oontt character of the IHIKTHE. REPVB:.!All gCOttcitixenf >b of the people, renc« r-oftheCocdtitutioE. lican party ia.pO**.-* and the State GeveThispoweriscontr trust, lor whe^e UitJ h*»ld to a rigidacc<.aB long as Che people WB|Tb« coureeof MrvLi lifficult and delicat* c >nductisg it as not .c<>uth, and at ta ie large port; a 'ho aa*e iuibu' dlents, h e willit than fell to tin »en,anothersour*ethe patronage at r©will be one Imn ninety-uine oftheir"delectii&l^j fitable disappoiuti 1 to tne keen tc fail to be direcand his unaffected kindness and gentleness toward gees, from a n inhuman- depositism, have served vote." In the languid contest of 1859, the other extreme, and flattered the other dangerousdajsof the Bibliomania, 30 or 40 years ago; and in all who approach him. His affability appears to Republican vote was reduced to 58,000; now Lin- element of society; but if he did, his constituents reached-. New-York, and Borne 200 have r e - the same month Messrs. Puttick cc Simpson will sell awill forgive him sooner than forgive any treachery cently landed in Philadelphia, where their light or indifference to. the tdemands of the Anti-Slavery complexions and sober behaviour have attractedearnestness with which he considers and reviews battles we shall have to fight for a good many yearsMr. Rice made an extraordinary run, and showed' all subjects that are brought, before him. H i s to come. .Mr. Andrew's vote is the largest ever popular qualities which will be apt to make him a . females are milliners, mantua-m.akcrs, nurses, &c. a pleasant and profitable employment, though the in-cast for a Governor of Massachusetts. It is over maybetheimmediate topic Inconversationhe 103,000. Thisis 11,000pnore than Gardner re-Many bring certificates, of character and qualifica-creasing cifficulty of procuring rarities now leads him,accordingtotb©catalogue^to "„abandonthepursuit." ceived in 1856, about 35,000 more than the highest Adamn's place in Congress, and who was eulogized Several other sales are announced; one more adapteduMr. LeverettSaltonstall,whowaspromisedMr.employmentswhich they gained aalways leads, not from any endeavor of his own, vote ever cast for Gov.-Banks, arid 45,000 more as being the equal of Mr. A. in every respect, and living, a n d a r e now seeking, under great to "the trade" than to amateurs, is that of the stock but because the right is. at once and naturally than Gov. Banks received last year. Mr. Dawes, superior in some, .finds himself beaten by about disadvantages, t o begin life anew. Many had and stereotype plates of Messrs. P. D. nardy &. Sons,yielded to him by all listeners. H e must be a clever or any other man, would have received about the 3,000. It was said that he made friends with every acquired real estate a n d other property,talkerwhowouldkeepeven withhim. Hisman- samenumber, butIthink no mancouldhaveex- manheShook handswith,sowemayinferthathe ,butinthehastetogetawaywerecompelledtosell thewehVhnownIrishpublishersofDublin;whetheron at great loss,while of what they leave behind unsold; account of failure ia not stated. In the Provinces, atner in speaking i s somewhat different from what ceeded it. It is agreeable to know that the prophe- did,jot brgin toshake quite soon enough. his appearance would suggest, for while hi© move- cies of the croakers have been signally disappoint-they fully expect to bc< cheated. Some leave relal Newcastle, is now in progress the sale of a very rich tious behind them—an old mother, .a decrepid and extensive library, formed daring the last sixtyments and gestures are quick, and the play of his ed. Ko candidate for Governor in this State hasfeatures is always lively, his utterance is peculiarly ever been so dependent upon his own popularity and resources as Mr. Andrew, and none ever mademeasured and emphatic. H isbearing alto- a more, splendid and successful "run." ThoseFROMPHILADELPHIA.father—whom they are unable to bring away. Some have brought with them their copper badges, which read thus:years by a distinguished local antiquarian, ThomaeBeale, F . S. A., and comprising in its extent of sixteen thousand volumes aUthat'ia " rich and rare " in typo- graphical,biographical,andliteraryIllustrationsofthe spot.with the result.The Senate i s Republican, 38 to 2. and the House,226to14. Twoex-members ofCongress,"'.,'«:T1IKRESULT.— CROAKING OVER STOCKS AND MONEY—BYERLYIN PRISON—AN IRRUPTION OP QUADROONS—EMIGRANT TRAVEL.PHILADELPHIA, NOV. .8,18S0jAlmost every Republican prediction as to the cation of the Edict of Nantz, or the expulsion of series of tracts on the. Scotch Rebellion of 1715 and varieties he baa found the right one, soon acquires th©This compulsory exodus reminds us of the revo-examining, for himstlT Moreover, th© professor i» houn of Springfield, are among the members elected to the letter. Y et people are now "astounded at this barbarous action o f South Carolina be de-' —" Temple Bar." a " London Magazine,", edited by rtlievtd of the necessity of entering into long descrip-lightened Christianity condemns enormities, so willpearance ofbeing soold. Hishair isblack, totheHouse.AlexanderH.BullockofWorcester theoverwhelmingmagnitudeofthevoteforLincoln nounce.dbythecivilizedworld. GeorgeAugustusSala,"aslstedbyanablestaff,&c,has perhaps a hijbflr reputation for ability than any which throws even that for Jackson far in the There is a strong and steady stream of emigra- &.c," is a fixed fact after all the coy denials of the pro^ aardly touched with gray, and his eye is brighter other member. Lowell has reelected Speaker back-ground. But the truth is not to be disguised tion for the West passing over .the Pennsylvania jectors, and " No. I." i s to appear on the Firet ofman that of many of his juniors. Goodwin. Mr. Phelps, late President of the Senate,who has been a member of one branch or the other that even life-long Democrats made no Becret ofAmonghiscallersinthemorningweresome forthelastsixyears,retires.TheHousewillalso"theirdeterminationtorebuketheinsolentpreten-meroughly satisfied in every manner. There were Mr. Bailey of The Hcrdld tried his luck iu Ward by a majority that should be emphatic, and with money. Conversing with a group of these, I wrought brain, and satisfactory to the publio, who to©or|hre«strangersfromNew-York,oiwhomXL,butwasbeaten. B.P.Shillaberwasalsode- theyhavedoneit.MultitudesofnominalBell learnedthattheprospectofaHomesteadlawby wouldregretth«additionofanothern*mototh©Hat nomiovalueformanufacture,whichIneversawiafeated in Chelsea. Charles O. Rogers of The Jour- Congress is well known throughout Germany, and of victims of tb© high pressure system—a fate that Goimany, ©itb©rgrowhigbrmanuIactur©d, •xeept, poa- Mr.LincolnthoujgSttheyoughtbettertobeatnalischosentotheSenate.ThepeopleofWardmendidtheBame,quietly,however,notwith-thatshoulditeverbeenacted,therushfromEu-mustfollowsuch©x©rtion«.Amplepromiseofentersibly,iaBremenorHamburg.<*miss ChaxleS Hale o f The Advertiser,; who hasmm, and expressed a wish to look a t their man, been elected five successive times. Mr. Luut of The should be broken up xmleBs they could always are a better class than those who came in formercoantrymen cannot do batter than to adopt it. A t all events, no other agricultural college in Germany ha»Central, averaging near 100 daily. I t has been December, price one shilling. Whether any disaffec.flowing in that direction for months past. ManytioninMr.Thackeray'scamphasledtoitsestablish- tbeplanisonefoundeduponexperience,andyourof these are Irish, but the great bulk are German. ment is not known, but that its position must be onesions of those who declared that the GovernmentCourier, I regret to say, is defeated by 10 majority, times. The Normans are all farmers or mechan- If attention to it restricts the indefatigable editor from an economic-botanic garden, which, in practical valueTheir appearance' and conversation show that they of Rivalry to « The Cornhill Magazine" is very clear. «mm> sitting of a quarter of an hour, went away, who is a grandson, I believe, o f Josiah Quincy. elected, they chose^that he should be sustained clothing, abundant baggage, and are well provided has lately done), the effect must be good to his over-rough-jacketed constituents who, having voted forcame in timidly, were kindly leceised, and, after a his successful competitor being Samuel M. Quincy, make the laws. Not content with having Lincoln, ics, the Lish mere laborers. The former have good endeavoring to writ© about six books at once (as h©for th© student, comes near it.Visitor—yfe nav© a plant in America of great ©oo-In man? tmt0HHfroomed asifhe VI. hadanopportunitytovotefortwomenof his- standing that Bell flags floated infrontof their ropewillprobablyamounttomillions. torn* voting. manyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tamment is held out.* * Th© Editor " " will con'ribut©Prof W.-Andthatla7—Visitor—What w© call broom-oorn, ©r broom-njaizt.Untitled DocumentDecember,Mr.XMekenswfflcommenceinthepagesof inEngiahcountrymaps,which'wi&<b«contiaoedfrom mouth to month, and from tim© to time JUaatrated bytionreigns. There,andinmonetarycircles,there uniformstyle. SignorEumni'sfameasawriterof middlesize,withveryfinelycutfeaturesaudabeauti- is a pause,. Stocks do not sell because there are ho fiction is so well established in this country, that the)\buyers. Some of our quiet operators have been price paid meiely for the privilege of printing from fully clear, gray eye. I take him to be a^out fifty cleaned out by the panic which Mr. Cobb so wick- early eheets of the English copy would have been years of age. He has heretofore had places in Siberiagenerally unknown, they quietly retire from- the —The stroifg taste for books relating to old English But the vote of his District shows that he is' not by ring. Money, too, though notoriously plenty with literature, now prevailing in the United States, haeanymeansthefavoriteofthedangerousclassesof us,isverytight,andhard:tobegot. Paperthatbeen often mentioned. An instance in the last numberof "The North American Review," Bhows that ourprocession of Monday night or Saturday night was sold a week ago at 6 per cent, is now refused at 0.friends, and leaving his own name t e look the awfullest exhibition' which these classes have7 Even on call it is difficult to be had—in short, those schol&iB kiiow how to use the treasures they may ac-out for itself without any help from him, ever made in Boston: The drench,, wash, and oti'- who have the money do not choose to part with it quire. Any one acquainted with the variorum edidons- Bcouriiig. of the worst elements of society were at present. The croakers'have evidently staggered of Milton, or the ponderous researches of Prof. Maa- there, hurrahing for the man whose partisans were their confidence in the future. On the other nandhe turned toward .the door again, and e ndeavored to pass out. It would have seemed im-possible for greater enthusiasm t o be now shownthan was before displayed, but the crowd certainly, rality. done to them. The crisis so long impending having an article in the above-mentioned periodical brings for- me into the lecture rooms of the large buildiag—upontried their best at it. Then Mr. Lincoln took offhis hat and smiled all around upon them; andwhen h e smiles .heartily there is something in i tgood to see. So his neighbors thought, too, for a lingame's defeat,, which i t attributes chiefly to hisneglect of his'constituents. I t says that " enough number came about him to shake him by the hand " voters in the Fifth District t o have turned the and have a few words with him as he moved along. "scale in his|favor, experienced at Mr. Burlin game's" hands some neglect of attention, due either toappeared all to the advantage of the Republicans; turn t o his more quiet quarters at the State- ''.themselves or t o personal friends within their some o f the frauds which have been so long prac-But this was soon over, and he was suffered to re-Th* first part of the "talk" was devoted to a general at the same time claiming the. vote of Beacon Hill the vast mass of citizens are confident and defiant. eon, would suppose that no"further elucidations of the. explanation of the objects and plan of tne Institute,and Cambridge, on the ground of his superior mo- ^ Having done no wrong, they will suffer nonC to be Poet's sources and course of study could be made; but embodied in my last letter, during whieh be conducted been coveted, and having reached us at last, we are ward, from a neglected old book, more remarkable in- which, however, nothing special i s to bs said. AThe Boston Daily Advertiser of yesterday had now thoroughly prepared for it.. What else can be stances of similitude and actual resemblance, both in smaller room adjoining is devoted to the purposes of athe meaning of 75,000 majority for Lincoln ?. the structure of the poem and in particular iostancas readirg-room, where the various agricultural ptriodi- . Byerly has been sentenced t o two and ,a half between Paradise Lost and a forgotten prototype, than cals of the day He upon the table, ready for use duringan ungracious and uutimely article upon Mr. Bur-yeaTS in the County Prison, and $300 fine, for mak- all the previous labors of his editors from Bishop Ne «v- ing a false return by which Butler received his cer-- ton down to Mr. Keightley. The book in question is apoem called " T h e GJasse of Time in the First andSecond Age, divinely handled by Thomas Peyton,"the quarters of hours which elapse between' th© lec- tures. A plan hung upon the wall became the topic of explanation.tificate of election to Congress in place of Lehman. .This righteous sentence will go far t o break upEverett's "Washington," which our reading public ficient for the purpose—in order that the student shallhave already bad access to; "Wellington," from t h e see, even though upon a small scale, th© mode of cul-graphic pen of W . H. Russell; "Voltaire," by Henry ture adapted to it. Of coorte in this garden, which iaEliot o f Trinity College, Hartford, Conn.; " Tax- seeB here only such as in general are or may be new toation &nd Wages," by J. R. McCuloch; "Turn- er/' by Walter Thornbury, a prelude of bis life of the great R. A.; "War," by Maj. Gen. Portlock,<fcc. Few great enterprises have been so well supported in this country. The number of copies cirealated through the American publishers, Messrs. Little, Brown & Co., while the work W8B in progress, is nearly 1,500, and ahim.The general divisions are:tions,thebotanicnameenablingthestudentiuamo• ment to find the plant.Prof. W.—Yee, this is so. I think you cannot do- better than to give pretty full notes on this point, for^ www.fultonhistory.com 