 WHOLE NO;. 8729.THE6REAT EASTERN PICHICTheDepartortrftlwIitTiaaiaa for Cape May.MORNING EDmON-jrmJRSDAY, AUGUST 2, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.TIE WOS « THE FIRftttfEtr. Futureury. ALABAMA.ThekistsrjofthsGreatknotarehasbeenoneofepochs. WttmMm on the stacks ortajths water, m the long pro- aemof etesnch,ortbesoansof a hit-destroying explo- •pORa Qsw en If^ewewsm^ saWinelsBnw smlBw' MMs^ssknmnwa n^s, e^ss nsnw »^rt#**w *w aw mult,tads from her inception until-the present moment, \M events that have followed each other thick and fast m her laweTMirtid career h a w partaken of the stopendous U»mt«r of the big thip itself.The preaect excursion ought sot to be excluded from Hii rslstegna.fnr wh It 1 i i no onoommou occurrence far a company, mneh greater in somber than that now throbbing around me, to embark on a jollification jaunt to a distant place, never to the history of this or any other ooestry has there bean such a conglomeration of humanity, aocb a scene and roth sureoundjigs, as those whichcharacteru*thisdratpleasureperegrinationofthe eotossalQueenoftbeSen. Assuch,itisworthyofa ptece m the enrrent recordl of the times.TBS AFFIABAMCB OF THB CROWD.At th.s time it was .nterestmg in the extreme.Acorn*, On., July ?*, lfteo. Gatkfnnat~T)u gtrenttA of Dovglat and Breckinridge Ike Bu<ai Poatdatten Op-potcd to Fowccy— tke BeUKverHU s a d Douflatuei to Unite—A. B. typbrntfor the "Little GtatU," em,HE NEW YORK HERALDTWO 1 M H I D M i n i 0 1 BWED. s t r a n g e t o s a y f o r s u c k a EarvsMs c^•%^\*,^*«*JP^-N. W W * *THESCENE IN THE BAY. TIBEtttRT15DTHEiSSTTTCSIiSM. rsstlTS iswortha poundan unluckycrumbs at the door of sock s Dives,to wait lor•^—«~J.-4-....... Itwasamusing, throng an theyTO THB EDrTOR OB THB KBBAUt. MABMSf,Ala.JnryIt,1M0Ffew«or"*iyortheraB<>rwaMdg» IfaframsJymmsBsUand sksraB ntaa,«fa.BeingawarethatthecirculationofthsHsnuxstoim- mense throughout the Northern States I desire to advise tke Northern people, through your commas, tknt tke etoc- ttonofsStockrepobbcaaPresidentw«1etkeLittle occurred during the day on ei her ship or shorespecially worthy of notice. The boats J. L. -"hrever. Jan.A.Warner,Delaware,Balloon,andanumberofotherswhose names do not occur to mind, came from Phisvdelph.a. and other points | on the bay, with passengers,and tossed them upon the ship. The entire number ofvisiters w w between four|and five thousand. The ideahadbeenextensivelycirculatedamongthem,however,that the Great Ewtern would not arrive At Cape May,owing tn an accident which, it w w telegraphed on Mon-day evening, had occurred on board while lying in thebay. This, several of the excursionists said, had its effect Lincoln and Hamlin. If they do not desire this national inraisingsidoubt,whichresultedinthecomparatively calamity, they havea conservative ticket—Bell sad small aumber of visiters -present. About one hundred Everett—to vote for. Readies your paper convinces m e personaavailedthemselvesoftheopportunitytoA t n p to Caps May is an event of ordinary occurrence-but a t u p en the Great lastarn is another thing; andwhen it was modestly announced in the journals of theday that ana would pressed thither for the pnrpose muddy bed—the largest by the way that ever rested onof aflbrding the public jan opportunity of person- ally enjoying snch a vojage, there were few heartsthe bottom of the Hudson—they strove with might andmain to bring her into pnoper position. The ahip yielded laid wide. People are eating whatever they can get. Onepntostei tnsympathywith thegradually, however, and at a quarter to five o'clock the re-ot m y neighbors at a table said a few minutes ago that he bad bad four consecutive rear ends of chickens is two meals, and w w then at work upon the fifth, with a viewcathookwhichhelduptheanchoranditsslack chain, «;ock, we came upon the little steamer that waste convey so that the latter were precipitated twenty or thirty feetofNew York, asSecretary. Thefollowing resolutions, drawn up on an empty stomach and with unwashed faces. weresubmittedsndpassedwithawill:—the ship had stopped and backed water, that a collision wwprevented.A number of persons from Philadelphia, who came on boardstCapeMay.werebroughtawaybyaccidentand turned nt> this morning. They express themselves w highly delighted.here—Dougiw andLincoln. OccasionallyImeetaman who would prefer the election of Bed or Breckinridge, but the number is so small w to be hardly worthy of notice. Tbe great contest is between Dougiw and Lincoln, and S Ius on board. Three or rb^ tracks were drawn up ia closeeverything is reckoned backwards in this ahip—is some- into the water. Some trouble was experienced in repair- thing liks the following —First is the bar, now coveredWhereas, from the previous reputation which theGreat Eastern and her officers had established in theUnited States, the gentlemen and ladies who embarkedon the excursion to Cape Hay expected, snd had aright scribed. Mr. Mlnturn, Jr., a son of one of the consignees to expect, decent accommodation and proper attention,ed for tape May anu Phi some Flora McFlimseylelphia, which looked as though judiciously selected t h e Great ad from one to two hundred in-Whereas, we,toe passengers on this excursion to CapeThe day is so tair and beautiful, however, that thsre is little disposition on the part of any one to grumble, and every onelooks back bpea thetrip toCape May w oneonFremont FillmoreThis, you will perceive, gave the State to Mr. BuchananEastern for her journey,divMinsk) were dovetailed together in the little space al-{THB BAR.I do not mean the bar on board, but the bar off San«tyterea promiscuoely around the floor. The same scene is repeated ia the forward ladies' saloon, with the exception that more ladies compose the tableaux and make a contation: therefore,Resolved, That w e , the passengers to Cape May, haveby a plurality of 9.164. and gave a majority against black changeful vicissHndedof the occasion sufficient to com- repubfseanism of tcj^T. It is not to be presumed thathere and there very platnJfy contain the good tfc • „'S f Ue, end though a smile was excited at the thought ofdrew twenty four and a half feet of water, and it ia need- lew to say she went over without the slightest difficulty. The engines were " stowed," and a little more watchful-mattresses, snd are trying to nap it: but every nsw andthen some joker sits down on the bulging pile snd educesa series of groans and maledictions that would wake theYork: John Howe, U. D., and fifty others.It is proper to add in this connection that neither of theexecutive officers of the ship, from Capt. Hail down, had anything to do with this mismanagement complained of. except' in giving play to a laudable spirit to right, w far w lay in their power, a most perceptible wrong. Messrs.between [twelve and thirteen. On the return home the paddle engines made * 849 revolutions—thus travelling, w will be seen, some twenty mites leas than in going oat.AX INCORRECT tMFBSSSIOff.vention. Of these fifty three, aB were federal office hold ere but six or eight A majority of the fifty three voted to run no ticket: but the Postmaster at Chicago declared he would nave a ticket if he bad to nominate it himself. But tbe most suspicious part of tbe performance is that Senator Trumbull, N. B. Jadd. and other prominent re-"bringing onala to i:cn to envy the for* took evt for nasal tram to the uncertainOnly a few minutes" w e have since had occawhich led their owners to before they started. rather than t of the providers oobefore another steamer ,i,>- two or thro* hundred are d.s- hnnriag op the gangway,The statement has been generally made through the publicans, to tbe number of some two hundred, were ci.y that thepassengers on board theGreat Eastern were present os the ttcor of the Convention, to give as appear- unprovided passengers, andmost of tke night w w spent supplied with their far* by Mr. Stetsan. of the Aswr ance of numbers and keep up the sptnta of those who fol- by these gentlemen in going from place to pia:e, routing House. Las each a gffppdeltiou is calculate 1 to injure the low the fortunes of tbe seeemionists, Lincoln w w also in out intruders, and securing berths for those to whom they reputation and business of any person with whom it is the building, in an adjoining room, and no doubt is enter- rightfully belonged. Ladies were accommodated w far connected, after the occurrences recorded on the above tained that the ticket is put in the field by the conni- vance of Lincoln's friends, in order to help him carry theIts crowdas possible, but many were forced to lie ia the saloons a ad on the decksState if possible. This is sufficient to cause every honest democrat to drop the ticket, and they will do so.LOUISIAXA.0UB NEW GRLBAB8 COBJtBSI>ONDS>');g.Nsw Oauusv, jajy JJ, i860j reaches.charged, and come i oian we did before Usesa, Dodworth's Basd arnvea, and the big twdtos and tktdles. pachagm of m isic and masxal inmrnmentk tknt faDow them give prom asA speculative individual mounts the pen and exhibits them as wild animals, ia a strain something like the folThe directors, Messrs. Gooch and Yates, and Mr. Bold, gave up their staterooms, and slept themselves o t the floor,manifestingineverypossiblewaya desire to ren- der every one comfortable, sad correct the confusionTBXT OP THE GREAT gASTBTOJ TO THB CHSSAEEAKB. [FromtheBaltimoreSun.July31.)tracted them from tbei*hi B may be interesting] I ststkea. Itwnsahoot^to even a sSngto sea atck qualm. As hour or two ^ter, we d d see a few todies snd weaklyfromthecountryintentlyregarding thebottoiAmong the visiters is George Wtfkw, who,after a goodaccepted, and that amount will be taken in white better feeling exists among the Bfcll and Dougiw men advertised is to take tfc- excursionist* on the attp in on i, exhibition. It is believed the ban I have ever observed between rival or spniMing can- totkebeachfreeofcharge,aaa oringthem hack, onerofthecoaldecidedtkedosttnsttonoftkesteamship didatesforanyhighofftoe:buttheMeadsofbothexhibitthe style of me writs from»esM»*»*»<»»*»*#*»**** **«»0the Augh, ventures to inquire,-Who put "there*""Ths directors,'' mm tke reply. "Csn't yon get ont*"•No; they've fastened w i n " • How de yon likeini eeVbhjustMtes,, every State • law Union, as weU SJIt wan a charge la other words, thkefsfeeddiiancg sing to end, was a specimen ofand not -inti. tn-••Found 'em under Cox's fcirk " ^ "Good for h m ""Bnngryr" inenares the chicken man, w he temptingly rubs them across the bars sear the notes of tke vict JSS, liketkeksspsa ofa menagene."Tn, of course w<? arp"Cm yoosmefl ttf""Yes. i n good snd strong. Put Mia here.""Well, growl if you want it. '"Cghbh-h," grew! the "animals" m the momeapa-cieen and artkaknWy bestisi manner, and amid tke ekeers and laughter of tke crowd The menager e a fed. «.-;or- dmgty.tke chicken bejog passcdia on the end oi s long pole.Somebody passes is a drink to wash thssolids down, sndthefunincreasesHere, again, are tnmlry groups. A wife is tacked in between twosettees, andthehusband sleepscrosswise. Another chap ken a table turned upside down, and isare moving atong cpon tknt w*k a party, at a quartermany rka,ilasj sen, artists,aetkmgef Af- on board ai- all to mind. Miflioneires, ministers,reporters, 4 B^wV| p * " msv sssjasjasjij ait large, aB pass A f^WsWrflfMrittAjTA eito tke villagen dkdaetes of twt thtthnaiTotalDuring the night the paddle engines had a pressure one of ears skiexperience tknthalf clvtliasd Hottentot, whose brains andcsed up in acquiring tke fottlebut wkick one would sot took tor prsssntntlis of tknt august body—toe Greatknee •s any ettfof New fork.QorteMeesra. Dickson, Young,: ry, detectives, andcinet, are also onboard, not ss yet been reanired, been valuable, on the, Radford and Duzeabu- ,of tke Ninth pre- thengh their services hareas dountless ss ounce of pre-this variegatedANKJHTONTfRfcATLANTIC. ••Where's my state reisnf" wen the universalm- ov*rofantiquity; hamwassalt,beeftough, tonguewas,, l , i ? l,"•- v>WN."""V»" •*»'M!a*a* W'««^K '»""*OM group especially appears to be the centre of attrac- tion of a thinly planted hedge fence in winter. Opera t«Jiy„ani inesrinkey tarn llrst movement was is the di- nowhere, and toe, of which several tons had been shipped tion. Three or four of tke number are stretched ont on glasses bring her in eleeerjcontact to those who aretook-Fun, Honker , Matttcems.Ml MMSNADON MEETING ON. BOARD. AMTSISGSCEXESAIDERCIDEST8.oftseimegkmrypsneewheretheyweretorepose, or the imaginary individual who knot tke hoys toof imparv buttonkoled, annoy- impatient crowd, until theyi witb - " Go to Mr. Bold.If"with the blue ribbon around his hat and book called him tke •'Tycoon," and scores of todies and gentle- friend, "Signer Mickey Farina, the celebrated Italian-whoisalwaystakingsnuff."(Wemay menareindebtedtohisimpartialcare. tenor,thegreatestlivingartistofthe«ge."Thetenor As for Ikerest, they were a w t of unmitigated rase.-la. responds, in "sweet Irish brogie," by a touching melody, also add that be s the financial manager of the affairs of They would Ue, cheat, steal your chairs, and almost your which he denominates "a parody on theDutch cheese"money. W e beard one asked by s gentleman for a cup of Another is introdneed w "Col. Bobolinkibw, aid to Gen.Miserythe skip.)The w i l t is that the brunt of these attacks fell apon thefrom s standpoint free from sectional .ana ences. TheNorthernpeoplehavethisissuebe- fore them. If they, to the'- mad fonaticiam. desire dissolution of the Union, they e s s have it by vot.ng forpleasantry, however, which, like a shrewd politician he knew now to use, the pertinacious applicants were re- quested to wait until after the starting of the ahip, and for the time he was left to enjoy his snuff box and neuralgia ,n somehting like the peace he coveted.It was new about tkree o'clock.which are given with a will, and the military gentleman subsides upon nto msttress. So the jokes go round. Everybody is good nstured, and witticisms riy thick and fast in every direction.It would require half a page to record t h e amusing inci- dents connected with this party atone. The 'beasts" were poked up with long poles, while the people cheered, shouted, yelled, hauled the cage around, squirted water with thehose, andraided theOi1Kick generally.O.NE O'CLOCK.black republican Presidents Northers born Southern raised Ball and FAeratt mewGEORGIA.OCB AUGUSTA COBJtBBrOlinSJMCA.Sofhr as aumbers areconcerned, they exceeded even thosewhoGeorgia Politic*—PoliticalJ.S. Dercy....,Houau.body will has* to suti'er for t, and il one may judge from their manner, their matter, like Jersey lightning, will kill a t forty paces.TBB ItOVBHEVr OF THE SH1F.which it couldA M A NTHERljiT^SNHOME,tuck*conspicuousmarkofattraction.Withafundof ifhewasgoingtotearthekitchendown.Otherswere ••threecheersforthemanwiththesandpaperedbend,"O V E R B O A R D .coffee. "All out." waa the reply. "Go and get a little for m y lady, won't you«" "Go to heD," waa the response, jotsowee,tsdthevillainwentoff,withamadnourish,ssGaribaldi in the Mexican war, and requested to "torn around and- sheer his honorable scars," which sre. of course,behind. Asthecapillarysubstanceonthesum- mit of bis head is exceedingly brief, somebody proposesunfortunate gentlemanwhose•*bineribbon"madehimperfectly blind and deaf, metaphorically speaking, to all inquiries, and it was only when their palms were scratch ed with tke evil root, which they did not hesitate an- bluskingly to ask for, that they seemed at all to compre hend that they had been industriously requested to obtain adesiredarticleof food.Wines, soda and other liquors have been sold ia large quantities, hat I must m y it, to the credit of the two thousand people, that I have not y e t seen a single indi- v .dual ia a state of intoxication.'A very judiekMS arrangement, had It been succcesfally carried out, would have been the publication, as follows, ofHam and beet, per plats. 25 Teal and ham patties... 12 wharves, ships, bargee, rigging—everything that afford- Ham and chicken, d o . . . 30 Beef a la mode... 25ed* foothold to sea the spectacle was occupied. Immedi- Tongue, per plate 25 Biscuit and cake, each.. 0that politics to a trade is New York; but trade w yon may, I repast that the Smth ia a uait when yon elect switnessed the arrival of the Great Eastern. On both sides t n s&txn of auinsB FOS sspajsnnnmwm ox THE GSSAT oftheriverss arasthe eyecould reach,upanddown,tke Shore was black with people. Housetops, hillsides, Tea snd coffee, per cup.. « Sandwiches 12Some persevering individual hw cured Podworth'smenof his ails snd aches, and the string band are on deck,making music for a score or so of dancers. They are allmen, however, end w s "stag" affair, now and then inter- dodging of those who went on board, to get on the gang-ately around the ship lay a score of steamboats, tugs, rowboats, and small craft, all loaded to the water's edge and waiting the departure of the ahip. Owing to the per. vertity of the tide, kowwfjsr,the stream. Ia order to torn the gigantic Tassel the delivery.Forthefirsttwohoarsatdinner bythismeanseveryindividual succeeded in having himself waited upon, re- ceived his dish full of pabulum, or rather the quaniumTMB8TA8T didnottakeplaceuntilafterfouro'clock.CocktailsClaret, quarts Sodawater,lemonade,creamsoda,sarsaparilia,each12c.Aswehare before remarked, the Great Eastern lay with her head upTo prevent mistakes passengers are requested to pay ontteamtuga Achilles and Yankee were employed, but for more than half an tour after the huge anchor left .tsthat did notthonght, "Bow I ahomld like to go." One drawback,hewerer,andamostewestial one,tx>,prevented many wakebehind,announced thatwewere fairlyonourway totestasixth,andcontinuethe experimentuntilhehadhia ar.ihraeticni calculations. Here w a s lour dollars extra for a berth m which to eleep, at least two dotton a day per -jup*a for the privilege of eating, an additional two dollars for a twelve hours' interval at fjawa H e y , and sundry ogier miscellaneous incidentals, which would swell the ejfoenss weU nigh upon twenty SoLar*. The reealt.ww tbei for the enure wee*, follow- ,ag the advertisement the; utmost indifference appeared lo preva.l, and t was onljj now and then that one couldbefcendmthewholesatmnaniiyanxioustocomefor-ward and lo«*n !iia pOTSsjvtrhtgs to th^ «ttent. . f p » Sntnrday eight this jsantber amounted to the insig- aXeaat figsre of eight ifundred, a n l t i e contemplated excursion promised to be a magnificent failure. The threatening wei'ieT of *i&dar lid cot at all improve theLaaacai prospect of the |wdertahi«g, and it was only when tbe breaking clood^ of Monday, the culminating excitement cr expectation^ and the probabilities of a splen am trip, ton; their-convisfcisg aid, that the public came Icrward and swelled the nbmber to the limits which it is understood had been set by the directors, namely, twothousand.THE E$BABHAT10M.Vs w e have already stated, the Great Eastern hauled oil.etc the stream en Sands* afternoon and there, lying josi cppeeit* the mansion of Cbmi»odore Stevens at Hoboken. she waited the antral of thpee who were to compose her party. In order to aeeeWasodate the exaireumiste two email steamers were provided, which at interval of fifteen minutea or thereabouts rfn between the ship and the toot of Hammond street, wndrc they had been requested to assemble. Here, on our (arrival, a busy scene present*; itself. First was the crowd, so dense tlaat it was almost impossiblo to make one's> way through it; then we stum- btodapenadowsnormordcarriages,bringingbothvisiters and lookers on, and, finally, on arriving at the edge of thesiiam sua thundering their salutations, glided along in enjoy again. They have neither the ability to plan nor the tact to execute, and w for w regards providing forthe huge Rbndow of the Great Eastern as it trembled in the wants of two thousand people in the rough and turn the waters of the bay. We did not count all of these, but bie manner they have set about, it would have beenv.ell have immortalized.By six o'cloak the sleepers arc nearly all np, but a sor-rier looking set of " human forms divine our e y w never rested upon. Mad. tired, stiff, sleepy, dirty and sticky, with hair and eyes full of cinders, they get oil their indi- vidual mattresses like s o many fretful porcupines. A nd now •Hotter chapter of the mismanagement is developed. There ia neither water to wash nor drink. Complaints come thick and fast. One man has paid a dollar for a bas.n fuil; another gratefully bestowed a quarter for a gtoas of ice water, which he barely obtained, while two or three reporters came from the nether regions, looking w pale and languid w if they had been draws tnrough atrouble, and how little the management of the ship have been able to control the operations of this "autocrat of the dinner table.''pudiate affiliation with the disunionists for such ''light and transient causes" w are now urged to break up oar glorious Usion, snd they will concentrate their power tovolution of the paddles and the screw, and the long whiteAt eight o'clock w e were well under w a y ,along ai the rate of thirteen knots an hour. Salotes were exchanged with the steamship State of Georgia, boundoutward, and w both vessels were travelling for a shorttime in one direction the opportunity was afforded offront yielding to this first and strongest Impulse. With to sea.that keen eye to the interests entrusted to their care The scene^ that now ensued is one that cannot be soonwhichhasthroughoutchAraeterood themanagementof forgotten byanyindividualwhowitnessedit. Themul-the big abi? on the part of the directors representing the titude of humanity was yiaible on every side. On shore tract with the company he retains the privilege of feeding i-reat Eastern Company .a this country, these gentlemensaw i t to ebarge, for the! privilege of a two days sail,the high price of ten doHsj-s, en-elusive of the keeping andths eye rested upon nothing but crowds, extending even back into the country as far as the vision could reach, and on the water eighteen or twenty steamers loaded toall persona on board the ship, from director to visiter, at certain prices, which are mutually fixed. I WW informed that twoor three others were also engaged with him in the speculation, and between them all they have suc-man fcouifi outwalk a child.* Supper WW a little improved. The waiters have had atbe mountains, and sn far as these men show the direc- tion of the political wind, there is an overwhelming ma- jor ty of the people of Georgia cruaiiingly opposed to the Yancey disunion nominations of Breckinridge and Lane Tbe intelligent and sagacious masse*—the mechanics, who are the bone and sinew—the farmers, who are thecomforts of t i e toyageis. Naturally, every the guards, bedecked with colors, whistling their enthu- ceeded in leeching die public t i an extent they will nevertalkisg to, and Mr. Cox has like wise received admonitionsof a storm about his earn, which have added an additional wrinkle to his corrugated brow. An instance oc-scattered around, and the scene ia one that Hogarth might curred daring the day which shows the root of the grew producers of wealth, and all classes of society, rethefollowing arethenainesof thoeejrecaUed tomindat the present moment, together with the estimated number of passengers on board:<iuitew wiwtohavemade a miscellaneous mixture of all that w w to be eaten and drank in one big pot, divided a spoon among the multitude, and told them to go at it. Mr. Cox may be a very good man personally. We don't know him. Be may have very excellent intentions, aPome <«f the directors 'desired to dine at a certain hour give encouragement to the conservative men in the free with a small party of fripnds. The meal was aocordincly States, in their contest against Lincoln and HamlinKeyport. noshing, . . Delaware...... . T-gerRedJacketThen. Mkilse. ... Jan, A. Stevens.. Hebdrik Hudson Ibos. HuntSatellite...FloraColumbial a t e r e *Fran*isC.Speight....flOO whatevermaybehisothervirtesofhead,heartorper- succession ofbrush'fences. Theymythatsome-self, fcof August, for the purpose of nominating their electoral tickets, when I shall not be surprised to learn that there will bean efiort made, and successfully made, to unite theirpowertoprostratethemalignitLuenceofdisunion in tbe South, and give cheering hope to the conservative men of the North, the East and the W ,-t.I cannot be mistaken in the tone of the people—they • vpress too much hostility, too much .adignat.oo ajainat the disunionists. While they are cooservat ve eooogb about BeM and Douglas, ther are unqualified .n their re probation of the disunion Yancey Rheu, B^eck.nri-lge and I.u.e Dominations. \The Hoc A. H. Stephens w:!l be in this city on M jaday His health h w much improved, and he s an out and out Iwuglw and Johnson man. He has never tor one moment, sine* the nomination, entertained or ^vpressed any other position. I make this statement on tbe meet reliable au- thority.This market is well supplied with melons, peaches, nec- tarines and other fruits, a t very moderate prices—melon* from 5c. to 15c . peaches and nectarines from »1 M to t 2 per bushel. Some few small tot* sweet potatoes hive been received, which were sold at fancy prices.ILLINOIS.ROCK ISLAND, July 22, lSt».MO t 40A 9 0 0son, Mr. Cox ••can t keep a hotel."THB WIGHT O S BOARD.revenue cotter Harriet Lane, Governor's Island. Suten are preparing to " turn m ," with such accommodationsJ.B .Frazerinland, the Xarrowss^aad other places aijoot waich thestory has already been teld. Without, it is not difficult were supposed to have been made concerning the disposi-to jnagibu th« appearance of twenty steamers, loaded tion of the staterooms, and the boasted facilities of the down to the water's edge, constituting an aquatic escort, big ship for carrying any number of passengers, more of which none could be a more worthy object than the than one third will fail to secure anything on which tonobis ship upon which We are: while within and aroundus the excursionists have betaken themselves to everylocality on the ship where they sre not poaitirely forbid-den,toenjoythespectacle. Someareinthetops,others playershasthebowelcomplaint—fromdrinkingtoolittleare scattered through the rigging: many of the ladies water. The music has. accordingly, become exceedhave taken theplattormsat the base of the wheelbouses, while the majority of the passengers are located along the bulwarks, standing on tiptoe, with their glasses peering at the tea thousand objects of interest around.ingly costive, snd retired to its quarters in the steer- age. The people in the saloons, especially gentlemen accompanied by ladies, are frantically Hying from pillar to post, first in search of Mr. Bold, then of Mr. Yates, and dec versa, until these gentlemen have got into such a.-I DfmgiaiMttU Giant"' to Ca.ry HU <mr> fttats, <fe.Frcm under tbe shadow of old Fort Arms.rosg, and near Black Hawk's ce'ebrated cave, I drop you a line >o regard to the politics of tke great West The nomination of four or five candidates for. President h w the effect toThe day is glorious. The ragged, threatening clouds sweat m their efierte to accommodate, that they have badhave broken away in great masses, that are rolling off in the distance. The warm sunshine has tinged all nature with its loveliness, and the brightest anticipations of a pleasant excursion bid Hair to be realized.Alt ACCnKHT.When halfway to ?uten Island the ship was detainedaboutthree-quartersofanhour bythebreaking oftheto shut themselves up in their state rooms to cool off. Something h w gone wrong. The staterooms have either got mixed or the people have, and the result is that a man occasionally finds himself in one place and his wife tusked away somewhere etoe. Many who have paid tor berths have been deprived of them entirely, and take their chanceswiththosewhohavetrustedtoluckanddisposed of themselves in regular camp styleThe picture of the saloons from stern to stem—forA S oroiGSA TIO'SDuring the morning an indignation meeting w w heldproximity to the boat, loaded down with mattresses, a ing the difficulty, bet. t was finally overcome, and the with saturated table cloths, broken glasses and emptyBreakfast w w but a repetition of the meats already de- can judge anything by a comparison of public feeling aipart us*the instalment ordered for the accommodatioc of the passengers, and these) were being passed to the deckof the steamer. Anileof baggage lay on the wharf markship resumed her triumphal march.bitthis connection it 'may also be mentioned thatdur.bottles. Next a couple of the dining saloons, in which the waitersare hurriedly clearing away thedebris of theand w it had been announced that she w w capable of carryinganalmostfabulous number of psssengers,snd affording them proper attention and accommodations, andtold me that be had paid a dime for a glass of water and two Bhillings for his mattrew, so that no favoritism w w complained"ofbyhim!at'lewt.this region now, with that of 18ad, Oougtos will carry this asate by a mocii larger majority than Mr. Boehassn did. Tbevoteof1854www follows—Buchananglasses,thenthebronzedfaceofpilotMurphy, anywhere.Somearepackfjdawayonthetopsofthe thea the captain, and then the water again, butstrewn aroundindicatejtkat their owners either haveilslsisi sort to come well provided with clothing and fod- we venture to say that few of them bad any more cabins, some sre laying close alongside the bulwarks,sighthave h t _heknew, any re-m wkton they were ssrved up, were hardlyt k y o f r s m p a i s a j n w i t h t k e s t y l e o f •< D o t n e - boys> Hall. ' m ( s e t , »OW Sqaeera" himself, sserety mines his bowl of mrilssnas, snjvaaised into Me for the occasion, might, without a greet stretch of the! isaac ro- tten, have bees wen strutting around bis scanty boards, in the well developed rotundity of the provider of tke ship, as complacently s s if km tables greened under the flat of tke land. Perhaps they did, kwt tke subscriber didnt see it. We thought to curses* that he would hecrowded to ike eaves. ' bow pouring is for the ordinary mortals it is n: sleep.By invitation of Messrs. Laird k „of the Columbia House_4he torrent en Caps Wad—sre proceed there to secera the comfort dented js elsewhere Thanks to the kindness of these gentlemen, we are aabrd- ed every facility for w r i t i s g - a very important feature •<• us by the way—wh.le a single meal brings out in stnkiai contrastthewretchedfare towhichwe have beensub-Asthedsyadvancedquitealarge Bomberof thsNewYork esecraiooista were added to oar company, tke pris-cpal object being the enjoyment of a good dinner end a cpaiOP.OCIoengmeenjoymentora good(tamerandaglvnta Steamship Company. The meals, and theLazarusw h ow a scompelledsnorting at a two forty pace between the legs.Ices 13 Lager bier, per glass— 10 Mint julep, per glass.... 13 Brandy, gin, ram andring a littte impatience on the part of each one to get abend of his neighbor, nothing threw a shadow over any- body's heart. 'v: A MAX OVERBOARD.On one of these occasions, just previous to the arrival ofthe James A. Warner, a awn w w seen to plunge from the wheelhouseinthewaterbelow. Foramomentbreath wwsuspendedatthestartlingincident,batonrushingto the side tke individual was discovered striking outfor the wheel, in a cool and rstktom mannsr. and order was restored Itisnot knownwhetherthemmfellorjump ed; but, from his manner it is supposed that be made aleap merely for the purpose of lionizing himself.THB BETCRN.At half- past six the people on the Great Eastern had thesatisfaction of hearing the order given to get under weigh, and the operation of raising the anchor at once became an interesting relief to tke monotony of the day.Sherry cobblers, do Claret, per glaw Milk punch, J* glaw Iced milk12 whiskey ....•••• 1291 5012 Oder, % pint... 12 Champagne, quarts 10 . Do. pints. 12 Sherry,quarts...... 25 S3 00 1 25150prescribed, paid for it, and travelled.ever, they seem of little more use than w many pieces of useless table furniture, and for practical purposes aredefinitely ascertain*d whether or not any other part of that biped s anatomy had been brought on board.If the question was asked, to whom does the blame belong?Ishouldsaythe provider,headsteward,orca- terer of the ship—a person by the name of Cox. By a con-lhavetalked,duringthepwtfewdays,withthefarmTOO benevolent disposition and a strong constitution: he may TOO be punctual in his church attendance, reliable to his do- TOO mestic duties, and unimpeachable as a citizen; bet, not- TOO withstanding all this, to-day has fully demonstrated thatHow shall it be described IP It requires the brush of the painter more than the pen of.a writer. In fact, the scene11.T50Onward we ploughed, pissing thescrowded Battery, the l.s m l to be described. While I indite, men and women their boilers of twenty pounds of steam, and the wheelas the ship affords. But. notwithstanding the thousandwas revolmg twelve times per minute. The screw boilershad the same pressure, and were revolving thirty timesper minute, the comb ned pressure of which* was givingthe ship a speed of about th.rteen knots per hour. Everyhalf hour the lookout men might have been heard calling from their stations, and at four o'clock the heaving of the lead indicated the depth of water to be twenty four fa- thoms. The ship w w then headed westward, and then ww experienced for the first t.me the heavy ground swell, which made it difficult for one unaccustomed to the deck of a ship to mainlain his equilibrium, and forever set at rest the notion, if such w w ever entertained by any individual on board, that a 6hip can be built large enough to resist the swell of the ocean.The ship arrived off Cape May ab w t seven o'clock, hav- ing stood so for oat to sea during the aifht as to be de- layed a little beyond the time when it w w expected she would make anchorage.extra mattresses provided, the careful arrangements thatlay their head but the iron walls of the vessel, a coil of damp rope, or what sailors call the "soft side of a plank.'' It is about eleven o'clock. The contemplated ball tarns out to bea'-tixxle." As the story goes, one of the "heavy"A t present, bow-tngtheprogressofweighing anchor,some difficultywasexperienced by reason of the constant slipping of the i n - day's work. Then we approach the ladies' saloon. En-mense cable upon the capstan. On these occasions the tering here w e nee on one of the velvet sofas a brace offaD of one or two feet of the great anchor would jar the children spread out at length, their mother watching overahip so mverely as to be perceptlMe in its remotest part. them. Individuals are laying under the tables and scat • May, have keen grievously disappointed m every expec- which they have enjoyed a share of fun among the106 344 SaVlgw , 37A61lotted to passengers, anxiously waiting the termination r the loading process toj niUca w e bare alluded.< Patients soon found itsj reward, howsver , and to a fewjmisraieswe were ploughing the waters of the Hudson. Had i kinssiaa of the (ireat Eastern. To run up the side stairway, present oar ticket to the officer at the gangway, pass the inspection of three or flour detectives who have bean detailed for t i e purpose, is but the work of a lew seconds, and we find ourselves on hoard, rfceuple ofhundredhaveprecededus,andcarpetbagsandtrunksideaofthereallocalityofthespotthandidour somearesittingboltupright,reposingobliquely der, or thai a large number purpose extending their jour- Japanese friends of the constitutional morality of their and stretched oat ok the strajghtest horizontal. ney from Cape May 4 t*ber points. Several baake I Aidermanic confreres. The passage took place at Two individuals, more * enterprising than the twelve minutes past seven o'clock. The ship others, have sewed themselves between 'twobeen not only disappointed, but swindled; that there w wBook, about which so many country editors have written siderably wider spreaa. None of them have coveringstke meet fearfully discouraging leading articles. Little oc-curred during the sail down the bey worthy of addition towhat hasalready been indited; but as we progressed to-wards the bar the interest among the passengers to see slocality about which so much has been said led them to take places where they could command a view of the operations, and satisfy themselves by a personal inspectionother than their o w n shawls, and the melody which their sonorous snores create might well have suggested the idea of an Eolian harp. It is hot and oppressive, however, and we harry oatON DBCK.Here w s get the osete; de la creme of this midnightsoninolescence. The sleepers are stretched out in all sorts, styles, shapes, forms, angles s n d conditions. They emphatically lay around loose, looking very much as ifberths provided, and many ladies were obliged to sleep in the cabins; that there w w not a glass of water to quench their thirst, snd that the whole arrangements were con- temptible and disgraceful.Resolved, also, That we will advise our friends wiio propose to go to Norfolk snd Annapolis in the Great East ern to stay at home, for fear of similar treatment.tition of the scene of Monday. Salutes are exchanged with therevenbe cutter and one or two other craft, and at about; ten o'clock anchor is dropped off the foot of Christopher street, where the Great Ewtern will rest until this afterncon at five o'clock, when she starts on her trip to the Booth.THB OPBBATJOW OP THE BNGrNBS.The following is a statement received from Mr- UcCen-of the dangers of the piece. Consequently they looked they had been poured outof some big bag in a state of di-Signed by J. C. Perry, Brooklyn; David Sandford, Am- nan, chief engineer i—sterdam; H.S.Decker, Reuben Burkhalter,NewYork. Theengines,bothscrewandpaddle,workedadmirablylongandearnestly. They scanned thewaterwiththetr lutionsndlefttosettle. Youcanbegin todescribethemAlexanderssathraon.Ogdesaburg,N.Y.;AbrahamKhlos. Noaccidentofanykindoccurredtothem.Onthetrip Thecirccmstanc'Bofitsnominationaresuchwtocauee Malone,N Y ;Sidney W. Hopkins,J.J.Richards,New toCapeTMaythepaddleengines made9.6T3revolutions— every honest democrat to drop it. TheBreckiniidce York: John Brush. Peterson, N. J.; A. Reckless, Red the indicator of the screw not working. Thus the dn State Convention met at Hpnngueki on the 11th, w d w w bank,N.J.;E.C.Russei.W.S.Baker,J.L.Jewett,Xew tascetravelledwwabout1S6andahalfmiles.The composedofonlyfiftythreeperson*.«wwamawcon- knots averaged about twelve per hour, or of statute milesnew w*s evident on the part of the officers, but wide seven sleepers. A New York reporter and one of the de Machin, Davies, Smy the. Wails, Wood, Cary and others,from these incidents] features of careful navigation, no- tectives—a very fat one by the way—have quite sensiblything occurred to indicate an extraerliary event. In crawled into a sheep-pen for -the purpose of being undis- fact, it &eems to have been plainly proven that the GreatEastern may be u easily brought into the bay of Kew turbed; but a party of promenadera have discovered York w any other ah p that has ever sailed ia and out of their retreat, and for the tost ten minutes they have beenmade every effort to accommodate the dissatisfied andtrying to provoke the wrath of the caged individuals to see whether thefatmancangetoutexcursion, it is desirable that the public should know that tke gentleman above referred to had nothing what ever to do with the matter.it, and that the thousand and one stories respecting the absence cf sufficient water andthedangers of navigation are id e fabrications of the honr.At Uus point our escort left as. The little fleet of steam-ersthatbadbeenuittinc about luceaomany tyingfl*h lowing:—•one by one dropped asters, parting cheers were exohasg Here, gentlemen, are some of the most extraordinaryed.andtheGreatEastern,aloneandanaltended,stoodon freaka of nature—animals thatwon'tliveupontheland whichhadresultedfromthewantofproper experience. Great Eastern will1tearsNewYork at six o'clock on her stalely way towards her ocean bound destination. and are bound to die in water. We have to food 'em on Had the eating arrangement* been of the right charac- Thursday afternooni ne*t ffcr Old Point Comfort, whereof a rich treat ts tbonetwne tote the consord of sweet The working of the massive machinery of the ahip seventeenth proof whiskey, which one manshoots into ter, and Mr. Coxdone his duty effectually, the excursion- ^bewiU^tond psaeengere on Friday evening. She will lk> BeUi iqprs *nJ Daualasitet on sYtm^l* Term*—r «<seendn The kind * ffisHisi|iil, the tines are cast off and tke little minnow of S steamkoat drops astern to giveCrtxmt rv»"duruagthisperiodwwperfect. Nothingcouldhavebeen themwithadoublebarrelledsquirtgun,whileanother istswouldnothavesaidawordabouttheaieepingde- te?*s^M»ton dundkymorning,stfive««**£»* mors beautJul or wosdeVf ut. Without noise or jar— holds their togs—s most interesting soee-Ucto. Only partment j b a t to b e doably inconvenienced w w mars arrive lb Annapolis Bands the • « • « « » « • § » *than human nature could bear without reaction, and worth-aland is to he off board, and the fare from N e v hence the meeting and resolutions. A man's stomach York?wfllbe $6 to OW PoinTwd Norfolk, and $8 tn Anpeett</*CheatBetween T,am-TkePottmatter done Off ty BuUiiOte, dc.Vaticination, not bemg my forte, I w>u sot attempt u>tellyoowhat tkefuture holds in store for theuseandwithout even sumcient vibration to disturb the Bur- five cents and the refreskssents thrown in. Feeding time Bseee to another, and snother, and another, uat.l by two foes si tke oil in ths cups that revolve with the huge in fifteen minutes.iaSuStoid. YesJeUysheMthnonMand Okto Btil- read Company rceeired a despatch from Henry C Jar- rett,E^totodSaratogaSpriagi,detailingsomeofthealwayswithsuchgentlegraceandeasymovementthatit ofexcuses;buttheydon't••take,'andabatteryofconver-raabkng nthe abymisj ofshe vast skipwhichhasel- wanimpwmbtotohelm snmsmylfonsnwntyw tosnocime sationiatradon*betweenthebesiegers andtkebesieged mitesontoftheway—et least such r»thereport, the Company of ose tbossand tone of coal hw beeno'cloc*seme two thousandpeepeihavebeentransported teds—ths mmense complication moved with apower Agreatcrowdgatheraround,andthesportthateoiuei that seemed almost supersaturally sublime. The ship • immnaeT Someone gets an oar and stirs up the an:frcmtheshoreandareprosaenndiag to likewisebehavesadmirably,and,thoughoccasionally mam." Ixmrenertwbegstoketotont; hwgettotsofite aaiuc, discerning <«« ^ . . i . excursion, or yjangmg to the long ground swell of the Atlantic, itwaa work to do; is in a great harry, andmake any quantityshmetimetrequiresthemostcarefulhandling.en," mys the ma man, m a deep ventricular i-Tlii —voice. Wnsjy opinion, sir,the pen is mightier than themthe the fiat freakMostof theseleanity.sreThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069to Hiiiadelphia from the by tknthe: be! he! ho' no! ritticiam. "Three cl!,'' which are given with a will. often do they food yonf' mys one. • oean ma at aii.sens of*sl_Sf|Hereare more piled away nkemummies in themost unimaginableglorious bath in the serf, which the sandy nature of the We shaD notattempt e sescilptton. There whs a good places possible, which only would enter the conception of atmosphere snd the heat of the day mads a decided toa-deal of spoon some tablecloth and a variety of »nci ientala pleasant to took epos, bat as for the food, its ap pearancewasasrareasacomet Thecoffeegaveouton •he second round. It cost a fee of half a dollar merely toa sleepy man. In snort, from stem to stern, there is a row of beds snd bodies which give the scene a appearanc • Ilkatkatofahospitalfilledwiththevictimsofsomepre vailing epidemic.From this point, about two miles from the tondmg, tke greatattpwasbarelyvisible,herootimwskewingdimly and indistinctly on the edge of the boriaon, sad ner mastsbreathe tke passing nreams of a cap. Chickens smelt ell Of course, is such s party there is fun—plenty of t. bearing semblance, tn the distance, to a diminutive sec-inthemorning,wassaidtohavegivenout. Infact,a theirmattressesisthecentreofthedeck,white general amine would have overwhelmed ail kinds the crowd stand In a ring around them, sad jefn if ths snip had been n meal and a half away n the laugh, the song or repartee. After a whi'.-s one Ulegfromthewindowsofthehotel,andthesamecuri- eeity exists: on a smaller scale, wkick marked her ad- vent In the bay cf Sew YsjVk.THBEZCtRPTONISTS FROMCAFBHAY.land. The waiters, tee, were, wHha fowintrodneed to make a speech bet, being uaweenasemed to thiswork,beinviteswhathecallsoneofhis"ZeuZone,' whom he styles the "Prze Baby,' to do it for him whereupon the Prize Baby is received with cheers, and proceedstopublishtothecrowdhisdiet,whichhemysrasespee-jsensofthetr species. Oneoftheseex-ceptions—and we sregisd to soticstkesn—was ths carverof the second dining sntoon.wim became so elsrjsssd wifethewhet)proceedingthatbelaiddownhisknifeandcleared ont in diagot. Another was a gentle old darkey, consists of four hard boitod eggs anda blackberry three whose shaved bead and gathered topknot made him took times a day, is sssp and water. (Apptonsssnd laughter) like a venerable edition of a Japanese. The passengers This efisrt evidently finishes him, and he stroduces hiaimmediate "seeenstaw" wltks nmterr»y of tke!states before Lincoln takes his seat. When that t dose, theSouthis"aunitedSouth." Thewrharofthisww bora ia New York, and though linked with tke Ssntk, whatever bar destiny may be, believes tt-t he sgnsknvisit NeW York in the big ship, the fare from Cape May being placed at five dollars. Numerous tickets were sold among thecrowd on the wharf by the New Yorkers, to whom I have referred w being thoroughly disgusted. These went off at prices ranging from two to four dollars, and one isdividual w w so impregnated with the feeling that he gave his ticket away for a ten cent piece with a bole in it, which be m y s he shall put a string through to preserve w a souvenir.Great difficulty w w experienced in getting people on board theGreat Eastern from the steamers, bamwe of the long fcround swell that, prevailed. The side stairways were crushed almost beyond redemption by the steamers alongside surging against them, and the leaping andAfter s tedious ride from New York I s m now comfort- spersed with gymnastics and mattresses, it is irresistibly way, w w in acme iwtancea perilous in the extreme. The ably accommodated is t h s beautiful city. A few sightsfunny. The ladies seem as lively as a brood of canary best of nature animated the crowd, however, and bar-birds with long mils, and though they do not indulge in the sport physically, their merry ringing laogbter en- dorses t h e amusement w beyond reproach. Somebody hw just proposed a mattress race, and hardly are the words out before fifty men, with beds on their backs, have started og on a scrub match by moonlight. How it terminatesofcec-seitisImpossibletosee,butthereis an amount of jollity in the occasion sufficient to stock a dozenordinarypeMiesofasimilarkind. Anhouroreo of this active exercise soon wears them ont, however, and by three o'clock the whole group, in fa:t the whole deck,iainastaleofprofoundslumber.I w w informed that at about two o'clock one of the mattresses w w discovered to be on fire, owing to the careless distribution of a segar, and for a moment it threatened to endanger the rigging. It w w extinguished, however,by slew ouckets of water, without alarm to any one. It would be difficult for lire to make much head- way, for hose see laid fore and aft on deck ready for in- instant use, and not even a segar is permitted below the maindeck.FOTH O'CLOCI.Night's candles begin to burn out, and the twilightgrayinhersoberliverytomarkthefootstepsoftheap-. pn•aching daws. The heavy dew of the night mingling with the cinders from the smoke stacks, has converted the deck into a huge mud puddle, and the faces of uncon- scious sleepers are black and sticky with the dirty damp. Hats, coats and garments in a dilapidated condition arcago mere w w a Bell snd Everettfsntiflcation meeting here, and I am informed that only about AX) persons were in attendance. It w w a sultry night, hot there w w a * t degree of enthusiasm exhibited. The speakers were CoL Thomw W . Miller and Col. John Millidge.On the following sight ths national democrats, theDougiw snd Johnson men, had a meeting, fully double thesize of the Bell and Everett gathering, and the proceed-ings were characterized by great confidence and enthu-siasm. Iam surprised at thenumberof Dougiwmenthat I find in tins locality. I was told >n Wash ington (in official circles) that there were very few Douglas men in Georgia, bat I have found very few of anv other sort.Thtre is no possible chance for Mr. Breckinridge to carry the electoral vote of Georgia. It requires a ma- jority in this State to decide the electoral vote, and in the event of a failure to obtain a majority before the people, the electoral vote is cast by the Legislature. The Legislature will not be bothered with the queslxm—die people will decide it, and in opposition to the dis unionists.comparingtheeuperiorepeed'iftheGreat-Eastern,whichran away from her compeiiicr with as mnch ease as a ers from the interior, from the lowlands, midlasds andMEETIKG.It will lie seen,entirely to blame for all the deticiencie* experienced. Jid thatwhentheycann<>t;helpthemselvesuisimpusaibie for tiiem to help othersiAT VTGHT.T V ktojht w w lovely. Dodwortb's Band act the lan-cers in motion, and for two or three boars the scene by moonlight was> s s delightful a s c u e eouM wish. Many people, includini-' several ladies, were compe.led to lay out on the deck again, anii is the air was cool, the breeze frets, asdj plenty of cinders blew about, their po*itien M anything b u t conifbrtAbl^. More quiet prevailed, how- ever, than last night. The jokers are fagged out. and are sleeping as soundly w thesr more serious neighbors.Below, early m the i-ven.i.g, the saioonsassumed mire cf ifle ferm of a family circle. Parties were gathered in knots telling stories oriindulging in ren niscences of the trip, strolling up and i!own the spaeious rooms, examining the long row rf a dozen (or |mc*e photographic group* of the officers of the ship preseuted to t i e company by Gurney. or engaged in a quiet game of cards. By eleven o'clock, excepting a party of stagers wtern on deck, all w w quiet;and by twelve ''God Bave the Queen" and the '-Star Spaagtod Banner" dosed the performances of these mid night minstrels. Most] of the reporters were to,night ao commodated with berths, and sre in better humor than they have been,WBDSSSDAY Mosxise, August 1. We are cutting the waters of the bay at the rate of twelve knots an hoar. The chief engineer tells me thatduring tke night the ship made fifteen. I learn, also, from one of the officers, that she came near running down atherefore, thatt h e egentlemenar" noton board on tke quarter deck. in which Mr.William Kilmer>of Brooklyn, officiated w Chairman, and Dr. John Howe, large schooner, and that it was only by good luck, after allay excitement, but really there are only two candidatespensate them for all the misery experienced.Several steamers have come out to meet u? bound off no water to wash with, no towels to wipe with, and no with excursionists, and. on a small scale, we have a repe-the men who voted for Millard Fillmore will now vote to place a man in the Presidential chair who declare* t w t "thjs Union can never exist permanently half stave and half free."As i et there it no Bell and Everett etoetiral ticket is this State, and I presume there will be none. It Is per- fectly apparent to every Bell man that his candidate h w no chance for an atoetion, unless the question row to the Hovse of Representatives. In order to get it there be must vote tor DouglasThe same argument is tree of the Breckinridge men, although they have a ticket in the field. I do not think, however,thatitwill poll a thousandvotesintbeStateResolved, That these resolutions b e H n u u , TixbuM snd 2tm<i.publishedin t h sThe official announcement is ma»ie that the stcam>htpacquisitionofabjectmortality.b»tthepresentstatus The Great Eastern lies about six miles from the shore, contemtfstsd feature* of the visit of the v>raat Eastern. powstoing certain interest, u for w my okenrveum andithwbeenascertainedthatwehaverannearlyfifty TheliberalofferoftheBaltimoreandOhioRailroad serves me,Iplaceatyourdeposition. Peiiltoally,sUntitled Document(OFFCAFEMAY.a steamer being provided for the purpose. About half past nine said steamer came alongside, and some wventy ofw, who pwbed through tke throng waiting W thea simitar opportunity, at the risk of seekia Ihvor of the locality. Ths officers of the Baltimore and Ohio and the Annapolis railroads, were yesterday in oomsmntoaton with each other is regard to an extra supply of trains and cars to bo placed upon tkeroad for tke aiyomrsedstion of the groat rush of nag, Tae steamer Lancaster willand AnannsJiB Roads for the conveyance of to and from the Great Eastern. TheBoardofDi . shM extending an mvrtetton to tke Presi*f thspveraswBt.tovteUthesieanwhip on of ths esjkihitton. amonm this he done it » that the Messrs. Wisaw will tender the use ofto the Roads. In tknt event tke vhntsra would have a s opportoniiy of looking upon, at the same time, two of tke graWsslmarms snMsii tknt ever reds tkeGreat Fasten w111beopened to vwiters oscontinue open tve ocssscsuve days.an anglasskss hostility to Breckinridge, wtative of the sre eating, djsanion ssntimsnt of tke SoothThis dsmnioo feeling to regarded as far more dsngeroo* tatke rirmsnsart ofour institution* then aboiitwensn cf the deepest dye. Youcan rely upon the result of this sentiment being the union, is some snaps or form, of tke friends of Bell and DwsJtes. w w tobowlingordered in the usual why, Mr. C. being the caterer, but,notwithstanding, two hemrs and a half elapsed before theysucceeded; in effecting their object. Then it was onlydone throtigh thf perseverance <>f one of the directo-s.•who, with, his own dignjii^t hands, went and heli»ed him- State Conventions will meet in Milledgeville on the 13ir:Impend upon it. the disunion squad in Georgia will be routed •horse, foot and dragoons."StateThe Bell and Everett, w well w the Doug as and Johnsonthe toad w a besom of• ofnttdetlkCe.TkerewMlbeaVu-mtftht Campaign im lUinoik—l%e "Lit-iA s you will perceive. 1 amtke represen-'•r: www.fultonhistory.com\ 