 31«*•«. But for this error, the following would have been the result:to be air outward call of duty into a free, spontaneous moral impulse; and, as I could not perform it .until 1 had so translated it, of course it was not performed at all.•-1.»•j<M*d CUrk—th* first he has made, probably for ikes year*—& vxntld katt been successful.It will be recollected that Mr. Smith, the co- alition candidate, Toted for Mr. Vance on the first «»j] of the roll. After the Democratic stampede #ver to Mr. Smith, and after Mr. Joy Morris andjeur ether American-Republicans had withdrawn irom him, the vote was privately reported to standi&ai:Whole number of vote*N» c****ry to a choiceMr. &ixuth OSq.................................. .112TJe tbns lacked tbTee of an election. And, after \ .*severepressure,keptnpforanhour,Messrs.J. G. Davis, Holman, and Allen (Democrats), agreed t» change to Smith, provided their doing so would«r«rely elect bim.At this juncture, it became known through thoChamber, that Mr. Mitlward of Philadelphia, au mrdent American, not relishing the fierce denials of Smith's sympathy with Americanism, which, bis new Democratic friends were making on the floor, had resolved to withdraw his vote from Smith, and give it to some one else, if that were necessary to defeat him. This would have left the tally in thiseo&dvtion, according to the count of the Journal Clerk: >> hoi** miEDt>**r.•••• •••••••••••••••• •••••»••••••• • *#%»Kt*c^«*^jry to elect •..]!*> Sn.uh IllBo, lhe votes of Davis, Holman, and Allen, would sot have elected bim.Tien it was proposed by the coalitionists thatSmith should withdraw his own vote altogetherfrom the ballot, piovided bis so doing would re-duce the number necessary to elect. Inquiry onIn rtgurd to hi« personal character, I must, though 1 reside in the South, whero 1 expect to live and die, he permitted'to say that it has been most studiously and elaborately misrepresented. There never.lived a man whose desire to promote human welfare and human happiness was more inoxungaisbnble. Men have grown hoarse with cftlnmuiaiing his memory, who were never worthy to unloose the latchet of his shoes. Venal politicians, grown sleek upon public. plunder, i»nd men who cannot perform an act, that is not stained with some deadly sin, have lifted ap their hands inholv horror, and yell«d oun their execrable execrations against hi» name. John Brown was no ton»rue-hero— no virtue-prattler. He was a reticent man; and when be did speak, the utterance was from his heart, aud not his lungs. His Jaith was very simple. He desired society to be pure, free, unselfish—full of liberty and love.Hebelieveditcapableofsuchrealization. The whole history of bis life is that of an upward en- deavor. " Lloert^ 1" that was the key to his soul; tbo master-passion which controlled ail his other aui- biiions, personal, sotrial, or political. It swayed himThe design of the mover was to prevent any seem- ing instructions to adhenjj to Mr. Sherman. The amendment was rejected, i In the present position of affairs, it will not probably be considered best to press the resolve. It does not seem to be worth while to express an opinion as to the wisdom of our representatives, until we see tho result of their ac-tion.Petitions keep coming into the Legislature for a new Personal Liberty bill, an absolute prohibition of slave-hunting in the Commonwealth. I do not look for the passage of any such bill at this session. Probably it will not come so near as Mr. Griffin's bill did last year, whieh only lacked three votes in the House. But it is idle to expect that the aggres- sivemeasuresoftheslaveholdingpartywillal-ways be patiently endured by the people of the. Free States. The Fugitive Slave act of .1850, and the Hcursions into Kansas, brought upon the South John Brown and his invasion, and Douglas's new measure of repression, and the decision which the Supreme Court are probably ready to make in thenesota in regard to banks, is suggested.Nearly half of the message is devoted to a considera-,tiou of the question of the Railroad bonds of tbe State, issued under the Loan amendment to the State Consti-. tution. These " Minnesota 8tate Railroad bonds" have been issued by several Railroad Companies, in- dorsed by the State, with the engagement on the part of the Companies, that by the aid of the credit of the State, they would build tbe roads, and would not call upon their indorser for either principal or interest of the bonds. On the faith of the grading of about 240 miles of Railroad, bonds to the amount of $2,300,000 were permitted to be drawn, but the Companies have failed -.ocomplete a single mile of rail, and even thotho great towns of tbe West.—Mr. Brady is about to publish a photographic pic-ture of great interest, being a grouping of the portraits of all the members of the United States Senate in ia59^ W h a t precioos bequests can now be made to posterity by the aid of the photograph! It will tranemit not only the lineaments of the features of the people, but exact representations of their costumes, of the houses they inhabited, and the furniture they used—literally,, the cxast form and pressure of the age.—Gastronomy, though not yet elevated to the region of high art, certainly deserves to be ranked among the fine arts, and tbero are • artiste* wbo compose piclurea for the tablewho deserve to be mentioned iu connection, withsculptorsandpainters.Oneofthese,whoareM•The first annual report of the Cooper Union, now" before is, shows th© condition of that Institution up to the cloie of 1859. From May 1, 1859, to New-Y ear's, the receipts were $10,858 34; expenditures, $7,432 50. The Trustees report that nearly 2,000 popiis have been a<Imitted to the various elates. The average age'alluded to (who fancied that there was a nigger in the wood pile) to take something to drink.thinks, will certainly pnt a stop to immigration, on which tho young State must depend for its prosperity, as a reputation for financial embarrassment, and a debt- ^_^_-,;~-+,*~~*i•*«•;• 'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com" "•" IIIFROMI Wb*l« noiub*rr Withdraw SmithI»r*vuj£ X(-i'i'«i;_v to a cbolo*fiu.itb bad Withdraw Mlllw&rd,?l'.i.. 1..227 ..114 ..112 .. I..111 , A-.114- •••WAStJIXGTOlf.SAILING CLOSE TO THE WIND. ©wr 8ped«l Corm********W ASHINGTON, Jan. 29, 1860.The pieoaW coalition in the House came nearertbeSorrfJb, that be entered uponrhi* ill-fated move- ment. For, be argued, the same elements of resist- ance to oppressidu which would result ia all bloody excesses if not wisely and properly directed, might bo mad* subservient to i ho accomplishment of high pur- poses of humanity, if the governmg intelligence was at their side. Wherefore, in order to supply that in- tellectual sagacity which tbe slaves licked, and thus enable them to achieve their Freedom, while restrain- ing them from the cracltiea into which their instioctsformula in all cnscH. If BO, we shall have all our acts.and resolves, whether providing for the exten- sion of a horse railroad or the offering a reward for discovering the cause of the potato rot, prefaced by a declaration of dttaebment to the Union, and the inevitable " therefore." After the news came on Saturday of Mr.!Smith's harrow escape from the Speakership, a propositiouj was made in the Senate to amend the resolve by striking out, the words,for a cruise off Bwin, and returned to thii port on the 27th. The My stic sailed for tho Congo on the iid. W e are going to cruiire off Benin for two or throe weeks, and then we go to the Congo. n.THE FIRST SLAVE HUNT IN NORTH-necessary. It is proposed to save in tbe salaries of allthe State officials, to redoeo the Legislature to sixtyneither of them has ever been exhibited in Kew-Tork, where they were painted. Ooe of these pictures, rep-L<-+vr* f-mitli...Aid Davit, Holmun, and Allen.Orrinj; Smith the r^uiiite numberno unmindful cf my duties to humanity as have some cratic and Pro-Slavery measures, he has thus far of thot-e who, at tbe salo distance of a thoas-ind contrived to defeat his enemies on every occasion miles, are so profuse in lip-philanthropy. Bat 1 have when he has met them. He was chosen to the »;iii-ed one lesson which I thought never to haveARTITEMS.—Of course, Mr. Smith could have withdrawn nis ballot wholly from the list only by a vote of tho Bouse; but this would have been insisted upon, the Clerk would have ruled \\ »n order, and after a desperate straggle the coalitionists would haveearned the point by a majority of one or two. And the*, Davis, Holman, and Allen, yielding to the manipulations of thc-ix- friends, would have changedto Sm th, and elected him !RICHARD REALF UPON JOHN BROWN.House of Representatives by one majority over a—Palmer's statue of tbe White Slave has been sent1* Uu Kdxtor of The S. Y. Tribune.find myself denounced a* a recreant apostate ia theguilty, he would be sentenced, and would not be con- fined as long in jail, as if lie should await the action of the Grand Jury "in the Court of Common Pleas.proving thia charge, I am moved not by any particular regard for Republicanism, nor any particular hatred of Democracy, but only by a desire to do justice to the memory of John Brown, between whose principles (which I revere) and their laiest mode ox application {which I condemn) a great many persons eeem unableto distinguish.The charge thus' alleged i.* -wholly and altogether unirue, »and this for the simple reason, that the movement of John Brown was conceived and originated at least a score of years, antecedent to the formation of the Republican party. While yet City waa in the zenith of his fame, and Webster had not ** sold himself to the South," and the iesaws which. Lave since torn the countr/ were unknown, John JBrown was brooding upon bis scheme. In the Con- vention held at Chatham, C. W., he made a speech declaratory of hia purposes and expressive of bis •iewp, wherein he stated that for twenty years the project which has resulted HO fatally to himself and dieaa»rous;y to the slaves, had been the absorbing pas- aien of his nature, to which all other pursuits itnd pur- po*e» bad been rendered subservient. In the year; 1351, be (being then an Ohio wool-grower,) went to JSngland, bearing sampler of wool as his contribution t o (he great International Kxbibition;. and thin journey was undertaken solely on account of the reasons which JoJkrw:With a view to the abolition of Slavery, he had been J*close student of the theory of mountain an<I guerilla warfare, through a long series of year*; and, bt iu<^de- sirous of practically examining tlie different mooes of fortification, entrenchment, «fcc .employed io the States of the Old World, he chose for the period of hia visit that in which London would n^rirally be thronged with the representatives of Continental Europe, and when, consequently, it would not be a difficult matter t o provide oneeelf with letters of introd action to peo- ple in all parts of those countries. Immediately heThey would neither work nor let others work. a merchant, one of The Courier's own set, who has mat'er. us who advocate drapery as one of the essential prin- The foolish action of Messrs. Morris, Juukin, Nix- lately disposed of as much of his worldly goods as TLev felt greatly assured of this, inasmuch as theywa,.., ,Upon revuraing from Europe, I passed into thoSouthern States, for the purpose of investigating the son to represent the. party in the Charleston Con- natnie and character of that Inotitution, to oppose vention. Tucker is Mooney's rival in W ard Three. which, the faculties and resources of my being hav^been so taxed and strained. 1 have iny own thoughts, He is the shrewdest and ablest of the Irish politi- my own lec-iings, in relation thereto; and it may cians, and by keeping on pretty good terms with chance that, in the end, it will appear 1 have not been the Republicans, while still upholding all Demo-s •'neoiiiiTwi; fl'he Hen /Jew,;T«• the fa •the J p<rte Wint•.as t<> w itb f.ii t:.S*tu.and the c II. I IKV->* .cor* Iowe<\x-c-nWO) k one P V) rid goii % (,pl'i tha^ in fror; Wi'liiproiiiihave <oblaJF.vt. a.nj<i* br<" ug larccnirn^t » an election of Speaker on Friday last than is*e»eralry supposed- ^ foct> ^ / ^ a K « w */" **« would hurry them, he gave himself to this enterprise 4 'their unwavering adherence to Mr. Sherman."DEFIANCE, Defiance Co., O., Jan. 20,1860. In this day of patent Democracy, potent pdls, ped- antry and presumption, a modest man, and particularly a modest patriot, is a great rarity, and whilo so mmy pseudo-patriots have become the hera'dsof their own affected virtues, pennit me through rnii TRIBUNE to give a little notoriety to a few gentlemen of tbia place, whose amiable weakness in this respect proves a seri- ous binderance to their popularity; for with their pro- verbial modeBty, they are among the few persons in this town who " do good by stealth and blush to find itfume." '-They lately formed themselves into a " Committee of Ways and Means," and I merely propose to give pub-The repeal of tbe present Banking law is advised,and an enactment similar to tbat of Wisconsin, or someother State which has been more fortunate than Min- their being sent away on an exhibition tour through229 115sthis point was anxiously made by Democrats at tieClerk's table. And the Journal Clerk informed in the court of conscience. Now, in the depths of mynow thought that they had a sure thing of it; tbey wou)d send back the negro, save the Union, and seenro $500 for themselves.Tue negro was therefore arrested, and a few dollara in rnone,), said to have been stoten from some of hishesuggests that charters of the most liberal character be tendered to such parties as wiU build twenty miles of continuous railroad, for which, when completed and the cars running thereon, a bonus shall be given ofDesign for Women, concerning which the report save:"The demand for this kind of instruction ia very great. The rooms assigned to tl e School are full, and the Trustees, recognizing tbe necessity tor its enlarge- ment, wiJi provide more ample accommodations, byth. in space and instruction, before tbe next annual setsioa begins. Tho Diiector oi the School is T. Addison Ricbaid«, M. A. The ins-raction iu wood engraving ia given by Mr. Robert O'Brien, and in drawing by Mr.C. llerzberg. The School is open from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m. daily, and except for special reasons, the pujifs are requirtd to attend during these hours. Instruction is given in the use of the lead pencil andcrajoo: in drawing from casts and from life; in perspective and sketching from natural objects; in painting iu oil and water colors, and pastil, landscape, heads, figures, flowers, etc ; in deeigmng and drawing on wood; in lithography, etching on stone, painting on china; and- in such other studies as it may be desirable from time to time to pursue. Already niaiiy pupils have qualified themselves for the practice of wcod eagraviugas a business, and several books have been illustrated with great success in tbe School. Orders for thia kind of work are received in the School, and although it forms no part of the design of the Trustees to convert it into a workshop, yet to a certain extent this work is found to ailbrd the" best and readiest means of inslructiom. Many accomplished teachers of drawing and painting have also been educated iu the scUool, and have gonebeing, even below tbe law of distinct ccusciousuo^s, ibeni that Smith's withdrawal would leave the there lurked the instinct and impulse of another law •whole number of votes "2SS, and that 115 woull that forbade the exercise of those feelings which would connect themselves w th such a deed. With even then be necessary to elect him. The o m i t th s impulse, thus dimly working, the promises I had «f the coalition tellers agreed with that of the made came in contiiet; anu my conscience, dividedwhite boon companions, found in his custody. He was $10,000 a mile in State bonds, bearing a graduated in-Clerk. TJie Republican teller said nothing.Now, the fact was, as finally appeared on a care-fol version of the lists kept by the tellers, that theagainst itseJf, plucked me on and plucked me off, sug- testing the retolution bat preventing the performance. However much 1 multiplied reasons and motives in favor of the deed, there yet sprang up from a depth in my nature, whieh reflection has never fathomed, an impulse against it which I coulo neither accoant forthen sent to Jail in this plac#; but, strac ge to say,, he was kept there for two days, nnd jet neither the ojwuer of the money nw anv other person filed an affidavit for his arrest, nor was there a w arrant or any legal pro- cess procured therefor, nor Yor his detention ! If the money had been stolen, why not make an affidavit to' tbat effect, and procure a warrant ?Immediately upon the incarceration of the negro,some of the "patriotic gentlemen alladed to informed the Virginian patriarch, to whom he " owed labor or " service/' tbat his fugitive cba.tel was now secure, and to come oaf, pay charges, and take hi.n away as soon as possible. A kind-hearted attorney—a Black Republican, of course—heard, as a secret, that the negro was in jail, and not having the fear of tne Chi- valry before his eyes, he called upon the jailer, and demanded a copy of the writ by which he detailed the chatttl; but tbe jailor told him he had no written au- thority for detaining him ; yet he refused to release him. .The attorney alluded to had then no other alternative than to resort to the habeas corpus act, to test the le- gality of the imprisonment. The ediwr of The D<ji- ancc Democrats* tbe Probate Judge, and was the onlyteifbtof lesst-han 7 per cent per annum, always upon condition that in exchange therefor an equal amount of " Minnesota State Railroad Bonds" shall be returned to tbe State Treasury for cancellation.And second, be proposes that the bonds shall be ex- changed for others, the interest adjusted as to amount and rime, and to the prese at condition of the people. Either plan, if adopted, or both in conjunction, will eettle a vexed and difficult question to the honor and pecuniaiy advantage Of the State.After commenting briefly upon some matters of merely local interest, the message closes with au allu- sion to the present aspect of politics, with an emphatic affirmation of sound Republican doctrine.whole number of votes cast was two hundred andtwenty-ei^Af, instead of two hundred and fcwenty- nor resist. I could not translate tbat which appearedv%throtifrh which countries, edpeciully their moantainouspertivns, he made a lengthened tour, with the M>1Oview of applying the knowledge thu* obtained to thepro»iecuiion of the enterprise in whick he died. Tni-* in a position to render it independent of outside dic-wtors, committeo to the Republhiau creed, iicniy and State, is in a large degree due to the fact that.songs. There is a email town about seven miles from over $800,000. Now it is estimated to contain 180,000here called St. Antonio. It is a place of sometride; inhabitants, and the taxable property of 1858 was over the Academy* of Design in Tenth street., though in- observed. M. Babinet declares that this tendency toWilson, in 1857, advised that party iu Kansas to se- cure the legislature to themselves by voting under thethe minority were allowed to dictate the candidatesbut, as West Bay is the best plice to procure wood $40,000,(100. The population has doubled every twoXiA'^rnitoNEW-YORK DAILY TRIB1ME, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY I, I860.vvv;;'. sI II^AJI*••*ike a frenzy. Bnt he had too much badividnaliRm ofcharacter, and he was too sensitive to the sufferings ofothers to be able to reason calmly on the every-daypractical concerns of life, where abstract right is oiod Lemmon ease, will provoke other measures of re-A n^gro calling himself John II. Washington (andsometimes Henry W. Williams) came to this place sev- 210 miles of dubious dirt-heaps. The question is—dish to be symbolical of a chakesperean poem, and to- be illustrated by a suitable legend from the works o the great dramatist. The American Vatel who ha . been intrutted with this commission to prepare a feas for poets and artists, in honor of the greatest of aT poets, i.s Mr. James M. Sanderson of the New-Yorfc,lied by a thousand couoitions of expediency; and he was too indignant against all forms of wrong to be able to discriminate bttweeu a theory and its practice; and time, by his very self-denial, his benevolence, nis moral courage, he was preeipita'ed upon tho deedwMeb brought him to the scaffold. Seized by this principle of liberty, he proceeded, as he thought, to carry it out; never stopping to think ho v it was lim- ited and restrained on all sides by other princip'es; thus djawing his purpose so near the eye as to Bhut out all other things; and thus, too, becoming a mono- maniac, mistaking his own conscientiousness for a call unto him from Heaven.I have now a word to say in relation to myself. It is known that I was formerly associated with John Brown, and it is known that I now reside in the South. That which follows is in regard thereto. There was a time when I thought our conemplated insurrection to be absolutely right. 1 had occasion to alter my opinion: thus. The evidence upon which I committed mj self to that enterprise was available onlythan two millions of dollars, for which it has to show eral weeks ago, and as he supposed that he was in a what to do about it ? To let it alone, the GovernorJersey, and elect him by the aid of two or throemen, whose pride or obstinacy, or some other worse and before leaving made some very .appropriate re-01OK MARTIN.qualify or motive, has kept them from voting forhad secured such letters, he crossed into Prance; Mr. Sherman. There >*a current suspicion, also, evening of the 15th for Prince's Island, at which portMESSAGEOF MINNESOTA.GOVERNOR that art for art's sake is repugnant to common sense which run into the Arctic Ocean, are perpetually un-."whence, after a very careful inspection'of its fortiuea-*tone, be started for Spain* Italy, Austria, Pru«*iia, <fca., Sherman steadily, have not intended that he should steamer Mystic at anchor in West Bay. This place is• RAMSAY-and honest feeling. Art is, or should be, but thedermining their right banks. M. Babinet has shownthat a dozen or more of those who have voted for Mr.wo arrived on tho 2lst. Found the United Statesmeans to convey ideas, and sculptures which meanGovernor Rampey opens his message with an allusion nothing are as useless as a house built for show, which motiou of the ear-b; and he proves tluit an equalbe chosen. The election of a Speaker as a Re- lhe residence of Madame Ferraro, eaid to. be a ban-mand or not 1 eannot tell, the Indian was laid low, or, in other words, ho was low, the poor Indian. The House ordered him to be hoisted again, but the r-enate indefinitely postponed the order, probably thinking that the controversy did not amount to much.Collector Austin has not yet received notice to quit. 1 suppose the Custem-House is convulsed with agitatiou on the subject of his removal, but the people do not care enough about him to inquire what are the causes of complaint against him. I believe there is a standing quarrel between the Irish and the American element in tlie Democratic party.The Pilot, which is the chief Irish newspaper here, is hostile to Austin. The Irish, however, are some- what divided. They may be classified as Tuckeiv ites and Mooneyites, after two of tho leading men. Mooney was turned out of the Custom-House by Austin, because he persisted in having an opinion contrary to Austin's, on the subject of a proper per-reward of $500 for tbe apprehension and return of grading ot exorbitant rates, or in the handsthe said Washington, alias Williams. His companions of persons who bought them at a large diecount, tion to each of the departments, except the School ofFROM THEAFRICANSQUADRON.President—Fetor CooDcr, Trrarurer— Wilson G. Hunt. Sec- Jrum>H T. Hodge.Trustees—Tewr Cooper. Daniel F. Tieraann, John E, Par- hous Wilson (i. Uunt.Kdward Cooper, AbnirnS. licwi.t.Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.young girl with a net across her loins, a figure withoutmeaning or history, and which makes no appeal to theUNITED STATICS STEAMER SUMTKH, ) FEKNANDO Po, Nov. 28, 1859. \We left Monrovia on the 12th of October, and cameto anchor at Cape Palmas on the llch. "Capt. Arm-received tbo proper passports and a safe -conduct for imagination. In the Dead Pearl Diver we sea the Adtwory Council of th* School of Hetioii for Women.-Mi**marks to the children. We left Cape Palmas on the INAUGURALwas in 1851. Tbe Republican party hrtd no existence tation, in its Presidential and Congressional nomi- her tlaves. This part of the island is very picturesque. young and frontier State. The contract, nevertheless, in contradistinction to tho useful. If anybody should dency in the southern hemisphere being to the left. M.until 1854. The statement, therefore, that the iucarsion nal ions, and this would not be agreeable to certain The land is high, and covered with groves of palm, between the Temtority often years ago and the State fancy theieris a paradox involved in this sentence, a Bertrand asserts that this tendency really exists, butibto Virginia xesuited as a consequence of the incul- aspirants for office who hope to be nominated, not piie, and various trees known to the tropical clime; of to-day is very marked. Then the population was little reflection wilt convince him of his error. cated doctrines of Republicanism, is now diaproven. spontaneously or willingly, but by outside pressure. ami ng the branches of which birds of the brightestKor was Brown hiuibeJl, nor wexe any of his coad- Tin; ill success of late administrations, National plumage flit, and mako tho air melodious with their about 5,(-0(), and the valuation of its property was littlehe assorts also that it has been proved thai it can nevercluding some very fine pictures in the catalogue, does t :e light is always observed in gunnery, and to it heprovisions of the Lcsoinpton XJonstitution. Toe ad- for flie ptirjio:** of bringing n, temporarily, men and water, vessels-of-war usually come hero. Fruit is years,-and the wealth has increased even raoro rapidly. not appear to have excited so much interest among the attributes the direction of the rotatory currents iu cy-vice was taken, ood the result predicted wad achieved. who had no intention of remaining. It is quite plenty and very cheap, but most kinds of provisions Kot <me of' Urtncrt'* original party voted. Soirie of common to elect a man to flic Legislature, not be-a* were at that time correspondents of the,, Eastern cause he is acceptable to the one or two hundred aie high.The minor statistics given in addition to thia general ai lists as it should have done. The catalogue contains clones.statement are not less remarkable. The chief agricul- 270 pieces, and among tho painters we-find the namesfress, and ia the interim b<;tween the Grasshopper men who form the mass of the party, but becaiiso We left Prince's Island on the 2(ith for Fernando Po, tural products of the State are wheat, com, oats, and of Cropsey, Gilford, Gignoux, Hubbard, Sonntag, l)e- INHABITANTS OK THE MOSC>E or MAN.—Mr. Vir- 'alle Convention (when it was decided upon to Vote), he can get the votes of half a dozen men of no and caioe to anchor in Clarence Bay on the 27th. potatoes, which, at the current prices of the Autumn leseard, Tait, Ehninger, Inness, Co eman, Edmonds, chow of Berlin has found that a singular affection,and the day on which the election occurred, we•ppostd the action of the parly in every pow»ib e way, | sentative, in awry vote heFound in port the Spanish frigate Foroluna, having onboard the Spanish Governor, Jos6 de la Ganctura, andfanily; the English mail-steamer Rotriever, the bark portion of Lhem exported amounted to $100,000. Bo " nifcny of tbe paintings are second-hand, and tho collec- tho trichina spinalis in the hum*n muscle. Hepart}'. And it generally happens that the repre-were worth about $-f,000,000, and the value of that Peele, Kensett, and others of equal celebrity. But rather common there, b» due to the presence of -whichicewe-redenouncedasAbotdtonuUbythelead-theinterestsordemandsoftliehalfdozen,ratherLouii-aBlits,andthebrigMarshal).The.LouisaBlisssidethesethereisBOUIOwood,hides,andbuttersenttionappearslikoan'auctioneer'sspeculation.Togivehasfoundthotrichina inthemusclesofipy leturs, speeches and in every available manner./// jcasts,lookstoim(cJli-pxtblicn-u.ja>ir7Laloj(hat Tr.rrit.ory. than of the two hundred. Of course his legisla- came out with coal for our squadron, but, owing to true value to such a sule, it should take place under the Once more, the only representative of itepnblicanism tive career is a failure,- and so is the career of Gov- >onie misunderstanding -with the Spanish Government, out Of the State. There remains within it, yet unsold.the larynx, tongue, esophagus, and diaphragm, who reeeive<i any inkling of John Brown's plana, ernors, Members of Congress, and Presidents, she was unable to laud her cargo for some mouths. 3,000,000 bufhefs of last year's wheat, waiting a mar- management of the artists Ueniselves, and then the but ho has seen them but once in the heart,While waitii g-here, tho worms made sad havoc with ket, not more than 1,000,000 of which aro needed for pub.ic would feel that it was not an ord nary auction which is explained by its temperature and motion. Hiediat^ steps to pat it out of Brown's power to com- misfortune, in this point of view, if the .Republicans hor hull, eating through it in many place?. Our officers home coubucoptiou. TheiO two millions of bushels avo enterprise. If the urtist.s would but take the matter in These .irichiuas have been fed to dogs and swine, andmit any illegal act whatever. I allude to Senator abandon ~h\r. Sherman. . held a survey on her, and set the carpentoreat work to valued at the same number of dolhu-s. The average hand, and inaugurate au annual siileof paintings after foiuid to fiourb-h in their intestines under the traus--learned ihem from a hostile quarter, and took ioi- elected on the same principle. It will be a greatWilson and his letter to Dr. Howe of iJoston. fix her, so ihat she would be able to proceed in ballastSome day*; ago, Mr. Brodhead of Boston intro- tr-m to th« United States. Tbe crow at first refuecd to yield of wheat tbe past year was over twenty bushelsthe marmcr of tho sales of the Book Trade, it might be mademostbeneficialtotheinterestsofart,andbetJ«e means of: attracting to New-York a largo nonzeroXcnuation of trichoccpbaloi.JohnBrowninhisheartdet-pMcdtbeRepublican ducedintotheBouseof Representalivesaresolve gointlievessel,but,uponthoassuranceofCapt.Arm- paity, whether righifaliy or wrongfully, of course I expressing approbation of the conduct of the Massa- etrong that, she v» as euawortny to go iu ballast to thetothe«<TM,nearlydoublethatofthosecalledthewheat-Dr. Coujrtny, a professor at Montpolier, reports r«-. bad assumed the name of Liberty, mid prostituted it to chusetts delegation in Congress, specifying particu- United States, and tho promise of their own captain to for lhe year,was nearly §7,000,000. The statistics artistn and connoisst urs. Iu this fi»st annual sale there mnrkable success iu the treatment of chronic aud very<?o not undertake to say. lie called it a party whogrowing States. The value of the lumber exportedbase purpose?. He said it declared all mon to bu free, larly their refusal to engage in .needless and un- make tho nearest southern United States port, they re- are some of the best works of Peele, tJiree admirableequal, entitled to liberty, and the purfc/i:r. of huppiuess, profitable discussions, their unwavering adherence turned to duty. The baik went to sea, but.had scarcely of manufactures are not less encouraging.and yvl deprecated any interference with Slavery in to Mr. Sherman, and their readiness at a.I times to got clear of tne fund when her head vae turned again Iowa, from 1850 to J850, nearly quadrupled her pictort a by Gignoux, one of the " Uttlo Housk< epers" • olution of tho sulphate of atropine in the immediatefor the harbor, and she once more dropped her anchor the States where it existed, a craven-hearteduoKs end the unparliamentary and sectional controversy in Clarence Bay.of Edouard Frere, and a grace*'! little piece by Counthaving Urns far done eo much bettor, she will possess in Calyx, who draws tlie fashion figures for tho adieu was immediate, and in a month tho patient had•which met only with hb contempt. So, pucting at the capital. Tj,iy resolve was referred to the no faith in tbe professions of tluit party, he anaercook ComiJiittieion Federal Relations, whoreported it toCapt. Spraqui reported that as soon as she got out- 1870, between 600,000 and 700,000 inhabitants, und Petit Courrier de* Dd'Qe*. hide, wheie she began to roll, she sprang a leak, andcompletely recovered.1to abolish Slavery himself.They wbo assert that, in tins-.enterprise, h^ was tlie Senate. It was there amended, by prefixing he had to keep the pumps going to keep hor free. An- property amounting to $200,000,000. That this future —We learn that Mr. Boechor has purchased anotho 'moved rather by hatred of the slaveholder than atfec- the words, "Resolved, That Massachusetts is, as other inrvey was held, and tins time it was docided to prosperity may be assured, it is urged that State ex- of the landscapes of George L. Brown, now on exhibi- A LADY'S FEET FKOZKN WHILE SKATING.—An af-tion for tlie slave, do his memory most foul wrong. '•ever, devoted to the union of the States, as estab- sheath her. When this is done she will proceed to the penoiture shall bo so reduced that taxation shall not bc- tion at No. 708 Broadway—" Monut Pilate in a erncon or two since, a young Udy, while skating ouThe Ujye of his beart comprehended and oncooipussed lished by the Constitution; therefore," <fcc, &c. United Srates. Jamaica Pond, strapped ht»r skates so tight about hernoth- He believed that uu'ess the interference: 1 don't know whose device this was, but it seems Wo had our zeal considerably aroused oue day, by como a harden, nor immigration be turned away by tho storm." Mr. Stewart of Fifth avonuo has purchased jtetnB to prevent any circulation of the blood in theof some third party should anticipate and to be considered necessary that Massachusetts, the arrival of the ISnglish steamer Spitfire, with'tho fear of a largo public debt. This debt now am'ounts to several of these landscape?, and wo observe that a good feet below tho ankles. The consequence wa« that,the institution by a bloody war oftion a/jair/St their masters; and it was to prevent the navoc'and carnago which, as be conceived, threatenedWe Kit Feruiwado Po on the 2d of November for $150,000. To meet thiH state of things, and to preserve Prince's Island, at which port, we met the Constella-.-them- overthrovvreport that slio had captured tue bri^ Harris with 55U negroes on board.$330,(1(10, to balance which thore is a small amount intbo Treasury, and duo from delinquent taxes aboutupon taking them off to return home, her feet' wero loth found to be frozen. Although every effort was made by physicians to restore them to a*normal state,thus prevent the interference of sbtvopselves, tbete latter would, one day, extormina- docs strictly fulfill its Constitutional obligations,many of them have " sold" marked upon them.—Mr. Rossitcr has painted throe large Scripturewhich is about the only Stab; in the Union whichshould >e th<;loudest in proclaiming ins purpose todo so. 1 don't know but it is intended to adopt this tion, Flag OHicer Imann, on the 4th. We then wont tho credit of tho State, retrenchment is absolutelypieces, two of which have been Buocessfully exhibited one ot them (says 77ic herald) was so badly frost bit-Untitled DocumentWESTERNCorrespondence 0 f Tho N. Y. Tribune.OHIO.out to occupy useful and protkaole situations in vari- learned. This, namely: that while the North is vors<\ Mooneyite, and the House on Friday confirmed him that purpose. As each I*robate Judge, he has juris- to Boston for exhibition, and Page's Vmuu was opened ous parts of the couutry, and ihe Trustees have everythan hor profe.-sions, the South is belter than her laws. in his seat, which was contested. The people, as I diction to try minor criminal offenses m this county, to the public in Washington on Monday. This men-reason to believe that this school will henceforth prove the chief fountain for artistic instruction in the seaii- nunee of polite leirmng throughout the country. The Trustees have supplied lo the extent ofe their meanu the necessary appliances for instruction in this school, but the collection of models is far Irom being ccmplete or even umple: and it is to be hoped that some benevo-MoBtm.spectlully KiCHAitD UEALK. II tuhiixt/tov, 1). C , Jan. 20, I860. -intimated, care very little what becomes of Austin. If Mr. Buchanan will be good enough to consider the subject of removing Postmaster Capen, his ac- tion will be waited for with greater interest, espe- cially by State street, where that functionary is de- cidedly unpopular on account of his attempt.towhere the prisoner, when arrested, elects to be tried before him.• The Sheriff Jailer, Probate Judge, and Prosecuting Attorney ot this county, are all good (and some of them bord-dnnking) Democrats.With alarm, r.hcy, and other Democrats perceived that the Black Republicans had discovered the negro's captivity: ov»»« of .-licua nccouio excited—tbe Union waa m duURer, and what was to them worse, the $500tion of these two works of art, in 'which nud ty hasbeen expressed with greater^ freedom than the antiqueGreeks ever ventured upon, recalls the first attempt atartistic nudity iu this country,, and shows what vast" • S h lom Oar Own Corrospondont-FROMBOSTON.BoBTON, Januarv ilO, 18!i0.The .news of Friday's proceeoings in Congress abduct xiie l'voi-oiVit-o, •wUj.oLk /»sime so near suc-strides we have made in that direction within a quarterofao^ntnry. It IHonly twenty-tbroo yearu oince the lent person will supply a collection of casts from the first group of statuary by an American artist was ex- Louvre and other puaf tc collections of Europe, whencearoused tho dormant interest of the people in the ceeding.on, Scranton, and Wood, in voting for a man theyknew that Judge Laity of this judicial subdivision wis ciples of Christian ait, and vigorously oppose the he well could, for cash, line borrowed as much more ihen in Columbus; and they believed that before his growing tendency of our artists to an imitation of thedid not mean to help elect, and in withdrawing of his friends, and has left the; city and the dear jurisdiction could be invoked, the chattel could be ex aesthetics of paganism. their votes when they saw the danger they were in, society of his wife and creditors, taking with him a changed for the reward, but in this instance, the oldplaces upon them the responsibility, for the present, concubine and some $00,000 in stealings. But I adage, ."Thore is many u„slip between thc.cup —In the DUese dorf Gallery there are three beautifulthat he is a Know-Nothing, and say he is a Whig, the care is not made materially better for them. They have abandoned their party, and voted for a man who was eho.-wn in opposition to oue of their candidates: and solely for the purpose of giving the organization to the slaveholding party, a party op- posed to the interests o'f the W est on every con- ceivable question—Freedom, Free Land, Pacific Railroad, and the Union itself.There is a general expectation here that the Re-publicans will unite upon Mr. Pennington of New-would say, "dormant."Star, and, within a few days the'ealtc-, one of out- an ordinary dress, lifting up one foot. The statue tellsThe officers of the Corporation for the current year are us follows:authority then in the countv who could issue a writ forthey can be procured at a moderate cost. If thia action of that body. While the Republicans con- • 1 here have been a series of forgeries and pecu- reward was also in danger of being lost to them, and hibited in New-York. This group was the " Chanting should be done, the Trustees could devote their meanstherefore something must be done, and that quickly. Cherubs," which the late Fenimore Cooper purchasedThe prisoner waa tola tbat if he would appear in the of Greenough in Florence. It consisted of two marble Probate Court, consent to its jurisdiction, and plead cherubs about three feet high; and such was the ex?treme faBtidiouenets of our public, tbat they had to beexhibited with a bit of white crape tied round their Ho'accordingly promised to do this. The Probate innocent marble loins. Since then we have been word or two in answer to the allegation, a<jsertei with the opp :sition to the Republican*. If they were a cester County, and heretofore reckoned a very Jud^e opened hie court, tlie negro waived a trial by accustomed to " The Greek Slave," " The White Cap- » mnch beat i»nd clamor, thit "the Harper's Ferry majority, they should proceed to organize; if a mi- honest man, has been obliged to resign his seat, jury, and pleaded guilty, and was thereupon sentenced live," and " Page's Venus." Nudity is HOmore annority, rhey should allow others to organize. But having been detected in acts of forgery. The Bos- to fifteen days confinement in jail. It was-understood** insurrection of John Brown waa the natural, legiii- they were both; a minority so far as power to or- ton Courier is disposed to class him with Peek and by the worthy patriots alluded to, thaf, thia sentence objee .ion to a work of art with us than it was with the ** state, and inevitable consequence of the teachings of ganize was concerned, and a majority so far as Shepard, and hold the Republican party responsible. made "assurance doubly sure "; for in fifteen days the sybaritic people of Pompeii and Herculaneum. But ** tie Republican party." In contradicting and dis- power to prevent an organization was concerned. To offset-this charge, I might give you the name of owner oi the stray chattel could come and see to tfie there is a large and strong party of enthusiasts amongsolely to the instruction of the p-?.pile. The present cost of maintaining the school ia uot leas than $3,000 per annum. Tho result, however, would justify a much larger expenditure, if the Trustees hai the means at command."As tho present courues of instruction given in the institution completely absorb its income, the current expenses being now $2,000 a month, the Polytechnic School must be deferred for the present. The Trustees, however, eontemplete tho establishment of course of instruction in political aud social science, and in per- sonal hygiene, and they have commenced the organiza- tion of the " Society of the Associates of the Cooper " Union for tbe Advancement of Science and Art," by. inviting, as the original "associates," the members of over 21 years of age of the following Societies: Th*- Society of Mechanics, and Tradesmen, the Chamber of Commerce, the Historical Society, the American Geo--gratulated themselves on the narrow escape of lations in this city and the neighborhood. I suppose SIR: Pennit me, wbo bsive barely escaped from be- their Representatives from the election of a Speaker men are following Gen. Cushing's advice, and con- ing lynched as an Aboutiouist in the South, only to by the Democratic pirty, they were generally dis- verting not only their own property, but other posed to rejoice at what seemed the close approach people's, into gold and hoarding it against tho day JNortb, said wbo therefore can hardly be suspected of of a crisis in affairs. Up to last Friday tbe re- of convulsions, revolutions, and civil war. John bidding for sympathy from either section, to say a sponsibility for non-organization wis clearly with E. Fry of Bolton, one of the Senators from Wor-den't think these immoralities prove much either " and the lip," i roved true. Judge Lutty arrived at examples of American sculpture, though they were all home, and upon being informed that the negro wasway, any more than the fall of Dr. Pomeroy proves confined in jail without any legal process, he came to three executed in Italy. The statue of the Dead Pearlof non-organization. Of course they understand this, and will do all in their power to extricate themselves. Both the leading parties seem to have been at the mercy of a set of political moss-troop- ers, known as Americans, the same men who gave the election to Mr. Buchanan in 3856, by throwing away votes upon Mr. Fillmore. The Republicans alone were their prey in that year; and it is some satisfaction to know that they have turned upon our enemies this year OR well as upon us. The vote of the entire Democratic delegations from the North-West, with three exceptions, for a slavehold- ing Know-Nothing must go far to counteract the mischievous effect of tbe former combinations of the Republicans with the Know-Nothings of theNorth. If these North-Western Democrats deny Cushing's own neighborhood, is, as Mr. Hillard matter, the Jeleas.ed negro made tracks for the North Dancing Jenny we.'saw nothing but a young chdd in Trustees, appear to be desirable members.the unsoundness of the doctrine of election, or than this plwee, and upox the proper affidavit having been Diver, by Paul Akcrs, a native of the State of Maire; graphical and Statistical Society, theSociety Library, the fact thitt John Brown was a Presbyterian proves made before hint, ho ordered that a writ of habeas cor- tlie "Fisher Girl " by Hart, a Virginian, and the Mercantile Library aud Clinton ITall Association, th« that the tenets of that sect tend treasonward ? .pns be issued to the jailer tojbring the body of tho ne- charming statue of a young child dancing, called Alumni, Associates, Trustees, and Professors of Colum-This would be an awkward conclusion to come to, as it would involve the leading writer for Tlie Cou- rier itself in the general condemnation.gro into court, and fdiow the cause of his detention. bia College, the New-York University, and the Fresthe darkey's return to Virginia.Thus ended the first, but not, as I am assured by thegentleman alluded to, the lastslavo-hnn'. in tnis place. This gentleman swears lustily that he will yet catch acorpse of a young .man having a perfectly feminine •BlujJM. Hamilum, Mr*. Jon»tban .SturKee. Mr». Goo. Curti*r Mrs. H.mrv M. Kiel*, Mrs. KichanTHildrvtb, Mr« S. L. Ml Bar-Tn- warm vRiver. Tenseand 1 e<lyou^ere*? oi and Sn feared•crops a;l l MDixoa"narksWater"Th.- OOOUpioflThis px Ecjia.-u', of th->haw iUv ?»* *» i•corto not % ?.x- t» Worio. mentJIk COUS'Jii bodies iuy oi.'C liis.-vac atumpfeUi . \\ithrouthrough whil- • ih Thu h$. and!'HI lifterwax J«*rto '•<; No*. ii' sitioix w binaUOfl caiorie, ih*'j v/x dot>- (hi tho mi C«OLL» th*y• TIVL SI «Kv.l„, bin*.-, on betwv.-ojstrong went on shore, and called upon the Rev. J.Humbo, the Missionary, who lately came over in the fugitive slave, and send him back before the end of anatomical knowledge. The Greek Slave and theM. C. StephenB. His school is in a flourishing condi- tion. Capt. A. was much pleased with the exercises,White Captive have no more meaning than these Diis-is against nature, and we may say with equal truth, rivers of Siberia, tlie Obi, the Yenisei, and the Lena,that this should bo the case from tho unequal rotatorr publicanism, and nothing else would place the party ished Portuguese princess. Beside her residence, there, to the financial cmbarabements of tbe lust two years, cannot be inhabited. Use forms the basis of all true movement to the right should be found in rivers flow--«population. Should Miunctota do as. well as this,neighborhood of tins pueuuio-gaeifric nerve. TheOFare but, a few negro hutf, which are occupied by ar.d which have fallen with peculiar severity upon a and noble ornament; and all fine art is ornamental ing Kast und West in tbo northern hemisphere, the ten-9members, fifteen Senators, and forty-five Representa- resenting the Captured Jews sitting insorrosvby thetives, and to create a revenue from sources where tbe burden would be the very slightest to the individual citizen, but an essential aid to the State.rivers of Babylon, is a paiming of great merit, re- markable for it» historical accuracy of costume and the grouping of the figures, which are very numerous. It is the intention of tbe artist, we understand, $p exhibit these paintings in this city for a shirt time previous tolicitytotheirconductinthisrespect,sotUattheingen- gradingisdoubted.Yet,threeofthesecorporationshaveious youth of our country may enm'ate their virtue and already defaulted in the pay mens of tbe interest due from too few in this country, has been commissioned to ereingenui'y, and avoid their misfortunes while seeking toraise the wind. The State is unexpectedly saddled with a debt of more in commemoration of Shakespeare's birthday, each,land of liberty, he became more communicative thanrudence would have suggested, and on last New'ears night, ho was invited'by some of the gentlemen ?taliation.There'has been a bit of controversy as to whetherthe State or National flag should be hoisted overthe State House during the sessions of the Legisla-ture. This matter-has heretofore been left to thediscretion of the Sergeant-at-Anns. On Inaugura-tion day he flung out a flag emblazoned with thoState arms, The people generally liked the looksof it, though probably not one man in a thousanddreamed, any more than the Sergeant-at-armsdreamed, that there was any political significance inthe event. . But, luckily, Uncle Samuel"had vigilantfriends on the watch. The smellers of several ven-erable Fogies were erected toward Beacon Hill,and they snuffed treason in the wind. The •alarm- ki'd ola master bad for him, and for the services lieving the bonds to be still in the hands of the rail-was raised, and, whether in obedience to any de- which he had already rendered him, prompted tue roads or contractors, who obtained them for doubtful of thes5 pupils is about 23, and they come from everyor an unknown and unsettled amount, must neces- With this apparently friendly request ho cheerfnlly arily do her greatdamage. : It is contended by manyHotel.complied; the beverage loosened his tongue; he there- upon became communicative and unbosomed himself to his boon companions. It is said that ho then disclosed to tb^m that he "had been a slave in Virginia, and there- fore had the honor of bemg an ialinitesiuial splinter of the corner-stone of our republican institutions; bat that not having the fear of his master before his eyes /al- though having his stripes upon hisback), he had stolen himself from the kind embraces of ois patriarchal owner; and tbat the deep love and affection which hispersons that the State is not responsible forthese bonds, for which she bas received no sufficient equivalent; by others tbat the had no legal power to make herself re- sponsible, and that, in either case, she is not bound to pay. Gov. Ramsay, however, though recapitulating fbe arguments of this anti-bond party, does not accept their conclusions. He proposes a compromise. Be-THECOOPERUNION.them, and the rest will probably follow their example ate an artistic dinner to be given by the Century Club-Thia being done, and it appearing that the Probate " Dancing Jenny," by tho late Thomas Crawford, ofJud^e.had never had rightful jurisdiction of the case, New-York. This last statue was one of the latesthe recognized the negro for. hie appearance, and workB of the lamented artist, and is remarkable for its stitute, the Horticultural Society, the American Insti-At the November election, the 1st Representative liberated him. Democracy then became rampant, and simplicity and Bweeiness, but the subject is hardly suit- tute of Architects, tho Photographic Society, the Na- District in Essex County, which consists of one of why not ? A fat) hearty, sleek negro, together with tional Academy of Design, tlie Century, the Athene- the Wards in the City of Nowburyport, and one or ,$500, is no trilling loss in this time of searc^y of silver able for tfce severe dignity of marble. Our sculptorstwo neighboring towns, elected a Democrat. Ho and smew. The Probate Judge who edits The Demo- have labored under the difficulty of not being able to urn, the Lyceum of Natural History, the Liw Insti- has been compelled to resign, and a Republican has crat poured out jeremiads, and hia subalterns swore seize on an adequate subject for tho employment of tute, the A eadeiny of Medicine, the Sanitary Associa-been chosen in his place by 260 majority. It is very terribly ayain&t ' Judge Latty, who is a " bloody their talents. In each of these three statues there is an tion, the clergy of New-Yo k, and taeTeachersin the much to be feared that public opinion, even in Mr. foreigner," and, strange to say, has no respect for the Public Schools, and such other persons as may, to the'' patriarchal institution." Bui, as if to aggravate the absence of sentiment and character. In Crawford'ssterling Democrats, who is recognized as being the very bowels of Democracy in this vicinity, a man who has'- Grown fut and pursy by inhale • Of pots oi'bfi»:r raid bottled ale,"no story, nor embodies any legend or sentiaieot of anelevated nature. In'the Fisher Girl we have simply a rttary—Abiaui ;S. Hewitt, Curator ana. Aixutanl Secretary—head, lying in a painful position, but ono well calcula- ted to give an opportunity for the artist to display lib*low, .\l»s. Win. Henry Jours, Mr*. V. botta, IVMrs John Shut- wood, Mr*. Abracu S>. Hewitt, Mrs. A. M. Corzens, Mrs. Wat. 11. O.-l'orn.next Summer.When he does so, perhaps you will boar of it from seldorf sculpturee. Labor for labor's sake, siys Locke, It is a fact, that without apparent cause, the greatexceed tho hundred millionth of the weight of the —Tbe " First Annual Sale" of original paintings, at molecule, which would not account for the pheuomenain various parts of tho country; but, very strangely,ten as to render amputation necessary to prevent mor-department of industry. We have lately called atten-Academy; the American Institute, the Mechanics' In-THAT RIVKKS U.NDEIUUNE THEIR RIGHT RANKS.-—violent asthma, by injecting six drops of a saturatedtmcatioa ensuing.LBoston Atlas and Bee.H  