 itofOnebichthe- ;Liu tin* fused.**Elector>Iuoetoxndger* tnot aea, n ticket* the knifeairoidy and thi* rotes t o(r-Jersey, ticket*. DvMigla*pieorinbe need 4or! /the f b ^war our r-iitioo* forQov->.•*..laso• t o eirc«. American*, i-^ a r e fai-to famish blankstotheelection officers of etfltt district, with tk*a*m«« oftheElectorsofe«*ps*tj ;and M thty mostbe printedandwotootinKUOOtoreicheachdistrictpreviousto Xtint.6,th»yhart,colled©nthe'beadm«*ofeachpartyto feRrfabtbename*oftheirS^otort.but,TA«Gazetteatetenthat whrotb*CommfosioiHin,onWodtw^ay,caf»>donth«Demo- wnata aad R«H mm. «n*w«.r »a* returned that they were unablet o fprnSah the * doenmenta' deched. ?erhap« w e may all agree from all the neighboring towns. T h e speaking con*-\>j.ISLAND. compromise measures. I t arises not because certain tbiamoriiwgtheBtrangert had •on ^t &*"" *»ar&e«NOHrH,o .-districtAlbany.ian sym- rnor b a a tl: Qitiee;ly « busi- ieads to war with, «•*,*'yoixone eaa- for t h e t>t calea-b regarde-»to yee- pr, that is going i State/' X>UQUof men o forder».*# theac- >ng t h ehonaaad agood•ly to be ;od with tey havo ne. A t bisim- rced, a -known ay,, t h eOne nt—wealthiest- thiog o f to keep h might' i a wiseit will mayex- t a t i t i sof theJLtMl' O fcpoa t o t disap- » " will. 0 {ieir>;:r*eof Fusion, action.andett- Ise they williag1rfQOUld )iiity of re been ireport $1,000 irrditeo As w es as to al one., *.Lam- i t o th e 1 into abounty, te mis- lpollay*. eotm>I'M'JItrfX.' *r o f raft. "U&odwlC[iere i n obvio- tplank> " t h e to b ey swal- Prea*?ttee o f n theynot a dU-jOgH, Mtdr<*of w <:<"i»pro- iortbernid t n e .~d h i s ? band"and it will'.' Bat,Fa., ;orreet at- t h e o 4&en ntthe i/ u n - »-ay8; t L i & c«••From Washington..gpedal Dfa^fttebea to The N; T . Tribune.W A S H T N G T O N , Wednesday, Oct. 24, 1860.THEGOVERNMENT LOAN.vl*bave learned enough to-day t o satisfy me that .the bulk o r the bid o f Mr. Riggs f o r the Govern-skirts of the Grove, and the music of Noll's Baud r e - Tbe line of the Voliuroo was still strongly protected, sounded. The wigwam that w a s dedicated a short.1original thirteen" States Slavery had been abolished, LIVKRPOO|L PRorrcB MARKET.—Sucar was 6rm. Coffee firm81/6-281/9.TM sional candidate for the District, and several prominentt o ' i\;*b • on Lioco-'n. It would <*•« a deal o f expense."The Express assertsthattbeRepublicans,asa party, dare net show then* faces in any of the fifmenced a t 1 o'clock, and continued throagh th e after- noon and evening. •proposes is that Slavery shall be restricted withia Slave. 8nd humor from Gen. Nye of New-York City, and the compceed of Wide-Awakes, drawn in country wagons, linoi-B, a n d that n o t th e Slave Power, b a t th e tberFabbri-Fonnes dynasty, WM crowded with jutr tbeywereallacquaintedwiththescienceofnecro- teen Southern States. This i« not true offive,of. monicE—a (cience based on the fact that ideas wereMr.SewardwenttoElmira whereheqnieUy whocameinthe10o'clocktrain.Itwasprecededby was Grand, by a squad o f policemen from this city,gresscanadoptmeasures—euchastheHomesieadbillitself on the defensive, and declares that Slavery shall pany eome weeks ago, and compare it with that of last'- *•these States—in one of which it bis just elected aassigned u> depositories. I t was his habit to associate Member o f Congress; but that it is so of any one ideas with rivers, plains, and mountains. H e associ- 5s not specisHy creditable t o a Government boast- ated with Palestine th e three great religious ideasJFnrtnerperCityofWashington offCapeRace.ST. JOHN'S, N. F., Tuesday, Oct. 23,1860. The newBby the City of Washington is mainly con-endthecannonoftbeAshlandLight Artilleryofnight, we can hardly apeak in terms sufficiently higkwhich h a d arisen there, Judaism, Christianity, a n d sion o f t h e Republican party t o remedy this Mohammediem. The Nile was Buggestive o f civiliza- tion, spontaneous and inexhaustible. T h e Northern Mediterranean was the seat of Liberty, and its ssedaing of free speech and a free press. I t is the mis-MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH real phenomenon of the day was the Republican party. It was nvisunderst)od b y everybody, a n d b y everyin which he seemed to endeavor to make u p for waxksense, and how much t o fustian. I t seems that Peter Wainwright of Boston, who represents, it is said, the oldest savings, institution o f the country,advancement, acd who looked any further than to take advantage of exietiog organizations, events andcir- cumetaccjj. But it was strange that, when, after onlyAdvices from the Papal States indicate no changein stacked their lanterns, and did duty around the o x . the state Of aflsirs there. "•'__•part of Robert, a cbaraster better raited to his sty!<r . than more sentimental heroes; bis strong hearty tmes,reported. The.correction of the mistake in this in more than half of tbe Uoion, no one of its wise cut down ihe amount of the loan accorded t o oppemnts thongtt to study its resources o r elements, bidders a t p a r t o about one-third o f t h e sums and Breckioridge even propoeed to extinguish it. Stillcarving," as tbe Grand Marshal called cutting it, aboutGex?. Lamoricidre had returned to France. neon, liaised on Long Island, h e h a d attained suchThe French bad occupied numerous placesnear Rome. size at the tuna of his sacrifice, that, when dressed, hisPHIA WIDE-AWAKES.IMPOSING DEMONSTRA TION. New-York was last night the scene of \another dis-play—the occasion being the reception of Eight Hun-falsetto—a very bad one of the sort—which he twice introduced. The orchestra was treacherous, and tiho chorus decidedly rambling. .Nevertheless, i n spite o f all the drawbacks of the occasion, the opera must oa eet down as a great success, whether we consider tha pecuniary receipts, o r a t t h e manifest satisfaction ofthat they proposed to take.mere strange was any despondency on the part of Re- publicans. I t w a s n o sapling, but a sturdy oak, from tbe acorn seed of recesrity. Look back for sixty years. Thenwebadfourmillionsofpeople—nowIt was reported that a'third division will b e sent from France to Rome.weight was 890 pounds.First the ladies passed round the browned and sput-As the loan will probably be called in before thecommencementofthesessionofCongress,noticemust b e given t o holders o f matured notes that in- thirty millions. Then the States were isolated seques-The Paris Bourse was dull and depreeeed. 68f. 80c. • 7Rentes,tering c&rcass, a n d when a l l were satiafiid that t h ete»ed, and unsocial, and all East of the Alleghany theywillbesentinenmasseforredemption.The Mountains—nowtheyextendedfromtheAtlanticto the Pacific, with canals, and railroads, and telegraphs. effectofthenegotiationofthe loan willbetore- Partieswerethenorganizedwithreferenceto existing lieve the Treasury t o the extent of say $1,000,000, exigencies, and adopted policies based on tbe in'erestsof whichisaboutthesumthathasbeen taken from thatday. Suchpartiesmuetnecessarilygiveuptonew accruing revenues to redeem Treasury notes sent pariifs in new exigencies. To snppoee that tha-parties of 1S00 or 1820 should eurvive to-day, would be absurd.resumed, and each pen-sen tasted the flesh, sweet fromterest wilt not longer run upon them. O f courseon the preceding evening, yet in point of brilliancy it This evening Miss Cariotta Patti'e concert wjfll •t Oregon. 0 / course the idea was then scouted, b u tthose honorable Senators are probably how begin-ning t o see and feel the force o f the great grouod-aweiiofpublicthought. Asanillustration of the Virginiathanm Kansas. Ail6y wanted toshutthethe nsual'interchange of courtesies among the officers, the line was formed, and march taken u p Broadway and Park-row in the following order:Knickerbocker Aitillery, on<?er command of Capt. Camp. Garibaldi Wfde-Awakes with transparency a a d f/iucription,p r a c t i c a l f o r c e a n d e n e r g y o f C o L B a k e r ' s c h a r a c - ter, I may »tate that he took with him to Califor-T e r r i t o r i e s a g a i c s t x<reo L a b o r , t o p r e v e n t o u r o c c u p a - tionbecauseitendangeredtheirpoliticalpower.The Wigwam was, of coursa, densely crowded. OMmen a^d women and Wide-Awakes-. Wide-A wakes " Liberty to all-men. No more Slavery."mile cab!e here to day-•_•»er policy in regaid .to the Pablic Lands—granting ireompti<n toactunl settlers, gradaatingand.!•„ ST.'JOSEPH, Mo., Oct. 24, I860. . worse than Polk, There has been a degree of bide, when suddenly their progress was intercepted bycorruption" introduced into th e Administration a squad of police, who, mingliog in the crowd, had doors, when he renewed his abusive language, threatj-l a t e r f r o m M e x i c o . NKW-OIULXAKS, Wednesday, Oct >4,1860.reducing the prices H e then cocomented upon their here tbis'eyening in good health. cause.of.all this failure 1 It is simpty this, because theyoung man named William P . Green, ordered Mo- * minutesthereaftertherewerenotadc-zenmenonthe Goiretoleave,andfinallywentouttodrivehimaway*;pi^^^P^PP^^^^PPP«»5 - •m ^•-"^i^^*^ ''••"' ?v^: ?^?^^^^^^ ^al^^;^;-'"•;-4^^^"'^:/ :— '•'•: -|!NEW-YOiRBL DAILY TRIBffNE, TtftTItSDAY, OCTOBEK 2ft I86#.5 /G r e a t Republican Meeting at contest had in its platform anything condemnatory of LINCOWFESmYAtfONLONGpoliticians wished tocreate it,butbecanaeSlavery etoodinthewayofAwerica*civilisation,andpro- gress. Wefoundeverythinginourbeliefinthein- telligenceandcapacityoftbemaesof•thepeople. <*• TheirdiscussionofaquestionandfonaattouofopiniontBingnamton.SyeoUJMspatohtoThe«.T.Tribune. BINGHAMTOW,Wednesday,Oct.24;1860.theoutrageperpetrated upon Kansas. He chargedupontheDemocacytheiniquityofwhiohaD--mo- ANOXROASTEDWHOLE—-SPEECHESBYEXGOV.sisunderaConstitutionframedinaccordancewiththe Therewasagreatgatheringofpeoplehereto-day popularwill,andwoundupbyastirringappealinAJND MUSI&AL.Mr.Sewardwasthefirstspeaker.with much enthusiasm, and commenced by sayiag thatfeetival closed by: a g«:at Wide-Awake prooBSsion,whihwasaddre=eedbytheHon. Mr.Howardof withflagsandmottoesattached,andnotafewwagonsMichigan, and ex Gov. Ford of Ohio.' of 'rusuc girls, and also a large number of gentlemenpeople Bhall govern the country. The platform says audience composed in great measure of German, whoFreedomisthenormalconditionoftheTerritories. eeemdeterminedtorallytothesupportoftheircoon- Slavery cannot exist there We say, too, that Con-anomaly,andtomake itpossibleforany partyormantospeakhonestconvictionsuponquestionsof stilllingeredthere. TheSeinewasthetheater Garibaldiansonthelet,undercoverofathickmist,sionsofthecarmonatcertainintervals...government. of ambition, lees for power and empire, than glory; andtheThameswasweddedtotheideaoftheexten- J A M E S W . W H I T E ; esq., of our city, has been sion of power ratber than of liberty. In America, Ply- mouth Rock was associated with vigorous sentiments appointedbyGov.MorganaJusticeoftheSupe- ai;dreadyinvention. TheHudsonwithanenergetic rior Court, vice Edwards Pienepont, resigned. pushing civilization, and the Misdesippi with concen- The resignation and appointment both take effect trated and consolidated agricultural power.. The Sus- •on t i e 1st of November. Judge White had already, quehanna and the Chenango valleys, with their hills^beeo nominated by the Republicans t o fill (for two covered with mist a n d cloud; le d t o dreamy years from January 1 ) this most honorable station, reflection a n d contemplation, until . this great andwetrusthewillbe chosen todoso. Thereis art*ry of trade and.intercourse—the Erieno better man in nomination by any party.and carried some positions, and for a time succeeded indrivingbacktheGaribaldianB,whosenumbersdidnotreach half theirs. GaribaLii went forward, revolverin handv cheering o n bia men, and, after a desperatefightofeigbthours'duration,theNeapolitanswerebr«ken and routed, and were pursued close under thewalla of Capua. A brigade of Germars w a s cutofffrom the main body of the Neapoliian army and drivento the mountaine. 'TheGaribaldianstook5000prisoners,anditwasmen's.Amongthepressingattractions,andanun- friendCartertostandbyhim.Railroad—opened u p t h e outside affairs o f the world and'covered them with humani;y entire ButtbiBwasstillaplacefromwhichto-contemplatebetween1,S00and2,000men. TheRoyalistssubse- withtheforme,ofthegoodpeople,bothmaleand Chase—andsetoutononeofhisearnest,unambitiousby surprise, and h e advanced the-advent of Christ, tbeR>formation, andtheAmerican Revelation. thebattle;.The Republican party w a s thought to be accidental, transient, fanatical and revolutionary. Its opponents thought to frown it do wn—trample it down, ridicule i tflags.Tnerewasastandforspeakingoneachsideof it, euitably inscribed, a few tents wer« b y , a n d a went cS" to b » ax other posts. T h e Queens County separate the one from the other. The severe music ofsix years o f organization, a n d daily increasing i nin since the first of July. Of this amount about aquarter of a million of dollars came in last week Since then there hsd been a great amelioration of the 'Italian affairs. ' ,theloanisaboutone-thirdofonepercent..THE ELECTION O F COL. BAKER.The election of Col. Baker as Senator from Ore-gon i s deeply gratifying t o people a t this point,their blazing torches and ehowy Wide-Awake uniform general, and easy in all directions. In seven of the LIVRRPOOX PROVISIOW MARKET.—The'Provision market waa John Covode of Pennsylvania, and the graceful and appropriate emblems, and the no less stalwartHewasreceivedcordition o f human life. Universal education pre- • COMfllER;CIALVVanhiDgton report Klonr dull, and Gd. lower; Wheat doll, andI N T E L L I G E N C E .from Philadelphia. The average premium upon vailed, andall the standardsof edncition have been LIVERPOOL BRKA»>STDITS MAKKKT.—Circular* per City ofThe speaking began in the Wigwam about 2 o'clock. The speakers weri ex-Gov. Chaee of Ohio, the gallantcratio Senate hsd been guilty, in refusing to admit Kan-bebj-lf of L ncoln and Hamlin.Hi's speech was followed bv one redun lant in pith road, was aroused yesterday by a proceseion. I t wasestimated!that the Neapolitans h a d 3,000 killed a n d usually etrongrcll o f speakers emphasized the claimewoundedJ The loss of the GaribaldianB was stated a t oJ the occaeion upon the neighborhood at large.The Grove, in the bright Autumn leaf, was animatedTbe Hon. John Covode arrived from his outside mis- sion, was received with three rousing cheers—as reso- nant a s those which had just been given for Gov.'£quently made a sortie from Capua to the rescue of the talks. He devoted himself to bis own fivorito task of THE LATEST NEWS, the phenomena of the world. The great phenomenon of German brigade, b u t were repulsed. T h e King o f female, and the road a t the entrance was arched with exposing th e corruption and vice of th e Democraticth*lo»*sc- ^. EECETVEDVX kg t h w l a' the Stat*ion to Uu»,oordaywasnotthePxinciofWaUs,orhisvisit. That was valueless, except a s a sign o f returning amity aDd fraternity. I t imparted only that England wanted Iritnds, and looked to us in her need. Bat theotherjarty;perhapsimperfectlyunueretoCdbyour-selves. But great phenomena al wave took the world defend thAir positions.shone also. StageB and ruder vehicles were pullednas given h i s name a distinct and enduring fame.Though embellished by little rhetoric, his argument'' was more than fair; but there were some pasanditwassaidtheNeapolitanswerepreparedto timesince(mentionbeingmadeofthecircumstancein THK TRIBUNE), was covered with mottoes, and withinSome Sardinian troops asf isted t h e Ganbaldiana inwas garlanded with Lincoln greon, -and hung withGaribaldi h a d called on the KiDg of Sardinia to go to Naples and to eend him 14,000 men immediately.The Pie,dmonteee troops had entered the Neapolitan of the country. "Those institutions did well in, it in the attempt; and now there was a coalition of territory.counseling with one here who, from constant con- them all in the last desperate hope of destroying it. It was: eported that three of the Great Powers hadtactwithpoliticians,knewjustabouthowmuch Nowonderthatmendidnotforeseeitesupremacy. protestedagainsttheentryoftheSardiniansintoNa-of their disunion talk to place to the account of Few, indeed, were they who labored, for ultimate pies. 1Mazzini"had quitted Naples by request.of the pro- dictator. J :ducted. ,.rve. gets$500,000oftheloan,insteadof$200,000,aspowerandprestige,to-dayitwasactuallyinpowerThePoperemainedatRome. Thisimmolatedanimalwasreadyforthe"processofGRANDRECEPTIONOFTHEPHILADEL-weremoatsatisfactory,makingnsforgetevenfa*.'.•ment loan was for Savings Banks in different parts down. The several parties tried it, and broke beforefolkwerelefttotheirownresourcesforaneveningof theCrossscenereceivedgoodtreatmentfromher,vol giant ox was smoking and smelling over a great oven, good sport, in which many of their friends' would have.which was shut in, together wiih a battery of bread been delighted tc share had not that soulless Corpora- was given with a fullness which Colaonwas unable jto.Militarymovementsona'vtstscalearereportedin Austria. ' •News from Pekin to the commencement of July haddred Wide-Awakes from t h e City o f Philadelphia; processofcarvinga.wholebeevedifferedinnomae-andalthoughinpointofnumberstheturn-outwasfar theaudience.OnFriday,"Martha"willbep«r>advanced. Steamhadmadeinternal^communication declinedId®2o.;Corn firm. x -generally'dull. ~ Cmtis, who arrived under the distinguished escort ofWide-Awakes of New-York as they filed b y . A few and it hadbeen excluded in elevennew Ito»ii!firmat5/82)5/5forCouiiaor. spiriUTurpeutiuedullat ex-Gov.King,theHon.LutherC.Carter,.Congres- half-grownboyshissedandgroaned,butthesedemon-ones, stretching across the continent. Labor LONDON MONET MARKKT. - The London Money market was strations were drowned by the vooiferous cheers thatAt EllicottvilleAt Franklin AtLyon«AtBVanliui Station.. At Fairfield...*....Friday, Oct. 36. ...Saturday, Oct. 27.Tuesday,Oot80. Wednesday, Oct. tX. Thursday, Nor. 1-whereheissowellknownasasoldierandagen- had been exalted, andmade the,controlling generallyunchanged,butthedemandhadr&therii>crea»ed.political men of Queens County. The crowd, gradually rent the air. Loud cheers of welcome were extended tleman. SomemonthsagoSenatorsGwinandpowerbyuniversalsuffrage.Thiswasanexpanding'/2>17*discount;ErieShares4l£,andfirm;New-YorkCentral increasing,hadreachedafreatsiV.e.,Therewerecer-tothestrangersallalongtherouteoftheprocession.,AMBKICAN SKCURmBs —Salf>* of Illinois Central Shares at 18Hone were warned by one who thoroughly compre- population, needing room. I t was crowded from be- Shares at 81i and Pennsylvania Central Shares a* 40. tainly four thousand people. Enthusiasm.; withoutAt 8£o'clock the Philadelphiana arrived a t the foot Col. Baker would b e retorted a s Senator from Slave States, preserving their original features; with- and declined 'l@2d.:-' ^ cental a n d Western 11/82U2/5; istics. Guards of Wide-Awakes were constantly con- loud cheers by numerous Wide-Awake Clubs. Afterhended public sentiment o n t h e Pacific coast thatLivERPooVi BREADBTUFFA MARKET—Qct. 10.—Messrs. IUch-hind from Europe. S ix of the original States were Brdstn, Speijce (a.Co., und "Wakefield, Nash & Co , report Floor disorder, gocd humor universal, were their character- of CourtlaudJ street, where they were received withL. H. VAN SCHAICK, esq., will speakAft Ford's Bush.................Saturday, Oct. 2T. i Ai Amsterdam... ......Monday, Oot. 29.At West Galway.... Tce6diy, Oct. 30.DANIEL S.MANN, esq.,ofNew-York, will alsa» speakatAmsterdamand West Galway atthe times above mentioned.Judge "WM. JXSUP of Penn. will speakdHll, and declined 6d. V bol.; quoted, 2»/6@31/6. Wheat dullout general education, without internal commerce of Southern, 1^6^12/8-; White, 12/6214/. C o m firm; Mixed and stituted to7 fulfill vigilant offices which existed only inY ellow, 86/62)37/; M^hite, 392540/6.manufactures, with no need for expansion for the next LiYKRPOOj- PROVISIOW MARKET—0?t. 10.—Boef is dull' imagination. The preaeince of wives and sisters—the1 Ahundred >ears." Lands could be pur** **— —*•— - ^ r inPoik quiet apd firm; Bacon quiet; Lard quiet, and quotations' are bar*ly maintained; Tallow—there has been an average buei-,ne»» 'wi'fiout quotable oh&nge. '•-^Rroor. XWvca;.MARKBMct.. iO.-A,hes-^£,ardq m V t i t S l / A y - 9 ^ c f e , , 6 TM ^ ^ i c « V i e t . C o f f . e quiet. RoBinfirm;Oou._? 'oii flJ»/«. SpiritsTurpentinidull at8l/6®3l/.9.strength and charm of the rural campaign—promoted onlypleaeantneeeandpeace.^" * '• 1 • T T W * - - *»*#w\A VAA^tik. .Mr. Seward deprecated all attempts atcreating an alann for the safety of the Union, as if the Union mustGrarid MarBlal Gen. J . H . Hoba«t Ward, with a^ven aids. and young men and woman. After capital songs by City WIde-Awake«, under command of Cap* Bunco.At Kinderhcok.Senior W A P E will speakAt Kinderhosk...Frid»y, Oct. 2ft.Friday, Oct. 25.LONDON MARKETS.—WHEAT has a downward tendency, andnia several hundred poor men who worked their net concur with the temper of the times,or could not be quotations, are barelv maintained. SUGAR steady. CovyBX tbe.Wide-Awake,Glee Club afco! the Rocky Mountain' under command o f Marahrd Walklnrfiaw, Capt»;n» Harrold,Republican Inviucibleg o f Philadelphia—naorbering 3<>0 men, passage to the land of gold by some four months' quiet RICK quiet. TEA slow o f sale at unchanged quotitio««. Glee Club, Mr. R . L. Weeks called the meeting to or- Itaac McBride, John M. Butler, Coliis, J Newport, and Gamble.1preserved by any bonds against the rising necessities of TALI.OW slightly advanced, quoted 55/6. LrNSEKi) OIL 30/.3> In their rankB they bore a largi transparency, with the irrscrip- labor on the Panama Railroad under the direction social life. Tiioee alarms which came from within the IuoN-.Scotnli Pig firm at 52/8. lNi>iR(>-The annual tales h*ve der, and proposed for President, Vies-Chancellor Wm. tions, " Boys, we've got 'em; Pennsylvania bag redeemed herof their leader..Oov.Pollock ontheStamp. SyecLsJ JPltpatch to The N. T. Tribune.,South,wereabsolutelyopposedtothespiritoftheDe- con^menccd;inferiorqualitiesdullbutunchanged/withanin- T.Macomb, newasacceptedbyacclamation.,to- pledge." "Curtin,32,000majority." "PeoplenotMerchan-claration of Indt pendence itself. Could it be that all par- creased demand. ''•',.AMERICAN SKCDRITIBS.—The latest scales wore Illinois Centralties ofthe Confederacy should take a ground so absurd, Shares at Dj218 discount; Erie Railroad,'40^11^; New-York asthatnowassumedbytbeDemccrac»,andyetthat CentralRailroad,PI;PennsylvaniaCentralRailroad,40.no new party shoiild arise to check them 1 But thatLATEST—Via• Qnccnftowir. .under command of Capts. Dettro, Franklin, Uammerly, Young, ex-Gov. Chase H is reception w a s very cordial, but pended t o their torch staffs small streamers o f red, white and 'y• ' . '• mparty had arisen, and was the Republican party. Look W E S T C H E S T E R , P a , Oct. 24, I860. at the issues those Democrats tendered They declaredWigwam clamored fo r bia presenca iu the open air. 50,000 majority, Curtin 32.000 majority." " The Minute Men o f '56 are the Conquerors of '60." " Union, Liberty, Honor,",ant, ard the sales to-day will reach from 12,000 t o 15,000 bales a t The large hall was crowded to-night to hear G/v. themselves in favor of removing the Indians and yet, full prices. ,\The clever tact of Mr. Weeks w as equal to the emer-for which it was originally designed—by the up-towR. movement of its city patrons and the changes that have- taken place in its vicinity—has been recently removed to the Gothic block on Fifth avenue, opposite the Dis- tributing Reeervcir, between Forty-first and Forty-',with an inconsistency that proved their selfishaeas,* in- sisted on replacing tnem by negroes. It were better,aBUKADSTOFS—The market for BreadstutTiJ to-day Is quiet,.but firm.People's Campaign Club of Philadelphia.\V. A. Kern, Marshal, 250 m e n . under command o f Capts. Smith, Riley, Freemin, Johnson, Mooney, Freeman, Senex, Daniel, and Andrews.Sixteenth Ward Wide-A wakes o f New-York, under command of Capt Ward; Twentieth Ward of New-York, under commandThe argument of Senator Chaea was directedto of Capt. Pollock.Pollock.Awakes. a n d received with great enthusiasm. thousand times, to leave the Indiana alone, and take PRODUCE—Rosin firm and active at 5/42>5/5. Rice firm. Oth- from one of the stands...H e was escorted to the hall by the Wide-gency, and Covode was sent out to appeaee the hungerPKOVISIONP—The Provision market is generally dull. care o f them, than barrass t h e con;,try with tbia er articles generally unchanged.WJOQ. Butler presided. Ho was continually cheered, cry about the African. T o avert the calami- LONDON, Thursday noon.—CONSOLS for money, 93; for ac-three plain and persuasive points: first, that the R e -publican party is an inevitable party; eect.ndly, that itgrowsoutofthecircumstancesofthecountry;third-ly,thatitproposesnomeasurewhichcanbeiojarious!»'\anispokeforoveranhourinaneloqaentandim- pressivemannerontheissuesofthecampaign. He predicted that Penneylrapia wouldgivenottieswhichtheDemocraticpartyhadsettledon,the Republicanpartywasformed,anditsformationwus or/e to an exigency which required of all men who had the-interestsofthecountryatheart,toarousethem-count,982;P8£..LONDON MARKET, Thursday.—TALLOW advanced; quoted57/.BHRADSTCFFKfirm. RICEfirm,withaslightadvance-onall qualities. Other articles are generally unchanged.When the procession reached tbe t square in front of second streets. T h e three central dwellings i n t h eto the true interests of the people. He enforced it with less than 50,000, and, h e hoped, 100,000 majority selves and do the patriotic work imposed upon every Tbe Ann "Vyashburne, from Stockholm for Now-York, lost o n familiar appeals to the common senee of his hearers,••.>I'<a•> m•• •'-.->'"•r,-•raSfi. •' '.- »-C1'*$iH- V•MSS£:cuizen of the Confederacy by a dangerous condition of public aftair*. Mr. S»ward proceeded to speak of the constitutional progress o f toe Anti Slavery sentiment everywhere; made a passing and jocular allusion to the "' irrepressible-conflict" doctrine, aod wound up with a strotg appeal in behalf of Lidcoln and Hamlin.October 111 (probably September 18).The Dublin, from Cronstidt for Boston, had put into Gotten-ard often w o n hearty laughter and applause. M r .attached to him then, and hoped he would be returned The headquarters of the City Wide-Awakes, corner now. Mr. Lincoln's election is now certain, but iu of Broadway and Bleecher street, was brilliantlyitgard to Congress it is a different affair. The fu- sionsandothermaneuversoftbeOpposiionare intended todefeat theelection of-Republican Con- gressmen. Theparty comes before thecountryfor Lincoln. .I>eath o f Mrs. Hickman. Speefsf Dispatch to The N . X. Tribune.W>:sTCHrsT£R, Pa., Wbdnesday, Oct. 24,18G0. The mother oftheHon.John Hickman diedto-<^y-IffassachHsetts Politics.BOSTON, Wednesday, Oct. 24,1860.The Breckinridge D^iDOcr^ts ol U<e Vlth District to- They had witnessed the overflowing of the Nile with-ditylominittedDr.GeorgeB.LoringforCongceaa.MovementsofSenatorOousrlas.MEJIFHIS,Tenn.,Wrdoeeday,Oct.24,1860.Mr.Pocglasarrivedh«*relastevenfacr,abdwasen-andconsequencesofthedownfailoftheDemo- atMarseille*,enrouteforMadrid.Col.P.wassaved wa8jubilantoverhiselection.UnderhisAdministra-ihu4ia*tfcHlry received. He addressed a large aesem- cratic p*rsy. Mr. i Stanton then referred to th e bv the desperate exertions o f Maltese and Catalan tion ihere was a universal discontent throughout -the l>ivtod»y. historic*!gloriesoftheoldDemocracy,which boatmen. North.Next,thecrywas,Letustrythishonestold "HeDryA.Montgomery,Superintendentofthe(>n derived itsdescent.lirjeally from theold Jef- ' • •• y Penusylvanian! TheydidtryMr.Buchanan,.and tral Pacific Telegraph Company, successfully laid,a fe«rnian Republicans. H e alluoed to their form- T h e JPIifJIadelplfiia B o a r d o f T r a d e . found him a8 much worse than Pierco as Pierce wasAfterprayerwasmadebyDr.Spring,oftheBrickChurch, and speeches were made by Dr. West, late Principal^,S:*fKCHOF-THEHON.F.P.STANTON. :• Mr.Seward, thenextseeakerwastheHon.September 8,}wltn.Joss of bowsprit and rudder, swid under jury- masts; was supplied with provisions.Non-Arrivaloft|icCanadian. JPATHJER POINT, C.E., Oct.24—11 p.m.illuminated,andboth.here,and;nfrontoftheRepub-licanheadquarters, No.618Broadway,theprocessionwasgreetedwithgreat applause,anda-finepyrotoch-; andMr. Pierce,the present incumbentofthatoffice£ nicaldisplay. InfrontofStayvesautInstituteupwardlirgnifbed New-York Senator who had just spoken." — i — . •oppot-it'bn to that policy at the present time, leaving The amount of dutt brought from Denver City by Democracy has ceased to defend the fundamental prin- The steamshipTennessee,hasarrivediromVera theadvocacyofthegreatHomesteadmeaeuretothe thePike'ePeakExpressforthepastweekis$14,423. ciplesofDemocracy. IthasconsentedtoperformtheC ^ z 2 M . . • _ • • lit publican party: His next point was the Jacksonian TheTennesseebrought$43,500inspecie.E.Legfre, policyonthe subject ofiutmal improvements,aodhere and the Peak is thronged with emigrant trains goinginbothdirections.men aredegenerated. Itisscattered andrent,and ,goesasbeggartop;ckupthecrumbs whichfallfrom ihe rich man's, table of Bell and Everett. Gov. Chase remembered, when in-the Legislature of Ohio, it was decided that Slavery in the Territories w as a moral wrong—and . this i s t h e platform o f Republi-vTbeprocessionpaesedaroundUnionequare,through inflictingastabinhisabdomen,throughwhichnearly 'Seventeenthstreet,.downtheFifth avenue;,around allofhipbowelsprotruded.; •'; McGuire then ran, a large crowd following. After- Washington equare, and up Fourth street to Broadway ' running tw o blocks, oflicer Simonson of the Secondlwhere the New-York Wide-A wakes formed in line onfeeretarvofL^gatfonw>Mexico,can*apassenger. Minister M<Lune srrived there in the steam sloop-of-hecalledattentiontothedefection ottheDemocratic party from tbeir original action in this regard. He at- tributed this defection to the gradual increase of influx•.4 > ~w*r Pawnee on the 17th. JThe elcop-ofwar Savannah sailed fo r fcew-^ork ence in tbe Democratic par-y acquired by the fire-B o i l e r E x p l o s i o n .Lovv'KJLL, Mass., Wedue;yihy,.Oct. 24, 1860.The boiler lor heating the Suffolk Mills exploded to- day, killing Walter W. Brigsrs assistant engineer,'and severelv injaring Charles C; Stearns, an overseer inone eideof the thoroughfare, the Philadelphiaus paw- Ward captured him, and took him to the Station— canism. Dean Swift tells a etory of. an old ing in review before them. House. Drs. Rooney and Chamberlain examined the19th. and the steam-frigate Sosquehanna for Key West *mtcTS or diennionists of the South, whose object h e on the same day. . m v declared to be the cricpling of the Government, aodThe capture of Guadalajara is confirmed. I h e tre aLnihilation of all its usefulness, so that it mightthe mill., -—;—••———••'|Boiler Explosion.lady who, on her wedding day, purchased a wounded man- and came to the conclusion that ho>^ pair o f c-ilk stockings i n which t h e nuptials were The dif-play on Broadway, between Bleecker and could not live. Sergeant Brackeit took the prisonerto be performed; she laid them aw»y, only to Fourth streets,was beautiful,aud asthecompanies towhereGreenwaslying, andhowasfully identified...^roff rings of the people doriog the siege were m - . i ,tepee. .Gen, Degollado had be+n detected in communication with the enemy, and was ordered to Vera Cruz for trial. .The British and Piuseian Ministers had gone to -Jelapa.Distress a t the capital was very great.It was reported that Pn»hia uad been abandoned, ar-d thf garrison called into Mexico.The health of Vera Cruz and the American squad- ron was excellent. '-f\.Fire in Leavenivorth.Income an ussier prey to their treasonable designs. Inthe day ofJackson it w*sDemocratic torssht theini!u*i.ce of ihose malcontents in the South, and Gen.JVcksou h h d threatened t o bang those disturbersof t b e peace a s high a s Haman. N o w disunionreared its horrid crest and brandisned its fiery weaponatdtheDemocracy wassilent,ifitdidnotactuallyapprove. Northern Democrats did; not themselvesbe worn on gala occasions. At lust a hole appeared. marched and countermarched, they were loudly ap- The old lady's.daughter patched u with cotton. Thenas the person making the assault.OPENING OF THE BEI.LEVUE CLINICAL LECTURES.—£. Yeiterday, at1Jp.m.,theannual opening ofthe»- Bellevue Hospital Clinical Lectures took place iu tho»-in order that they might profit b y if, B e ^id Mr. Stanton, these are small matters, insignificant in com- parison with the great error committed by the Demo- cratic party in its management of the, great_Kansasbeen re;aired. .' . . '"I—-^ „.. . darned, old things. In 1850 we had acquired Mexi- can territory, a n d t h e people demand*'d that i tYorkers, and thanks for the courtesies returned by the Philadelphiane.dreeeed by several medical gentlemen* There wen*. present: Messrs. Simeon Draper, J . B . Niobolaon,,. Itaac Bell, jr., and MOBOS GnnneH, of the Departmoaf;:LEAVK5W0RTKK.T.,Wednesday,Oci.24,J860.A fir* a t three o'clock this mornitg destroyed eigh*. MUCH. ion. J n 1864 the Democratic party had repealed of apop'lcxyL Ho weut to b»d in uaual health.j or ten Frame bniidiDgs on the north-east corner of Thi/d and Shawnee streets. With two exceptions the t.YiiMinixawereofno great value. Thestocks werewillprob*Mr amount to^000, onwhwh thereislees Sum $2 000 insurance; *1,000 i n Western Ma«a-the Mi'sonri Compomiee. He (Mr. S.), as a Democrat from Tenneawja. voted for that repeals He believed himtclfright, butdidnotnowproposetodefendthe measure. , He would, however, say tnat the only justi- fication—the onJyplausible,pretextfordisturbingthe Missouri Compromise—was thu subetitution of a better ;Great statesmen, such as Henry.Clay and Daniel Webster and Thomas H. Benton^ agreed that the pro- viso of Freedom should not go into the Compromise measures. While these gentlemen differed with ns in theory, they did not differ with us in principle. M r . Webster's position was that there w a s n o t a foot of American territory not fiied to Slavery by a u irre- versible law. Beside the Mexican prohibuion, th«re were natural laws of climate, &c, fo7biddiog it. M r Benton concurred with M r. Webster in his genera opinion, but be added that Slavery was procibited. inFrancis, Wood, Sajre, Elliott, Taylor, Clark, a».d; of hie duty. A fellow, calling himself a hickory man, Barker. D r . Mot< delivered an address, in whioh b eehise^Compsnies, t h e remainder divided between p inciple, the right of the people to control thfcir own of mxt vteek.Pbiladelpbiane, also attempted to create a row b y tbe Hospital under the charge of D r James B. Wood,,'his unbecoming conduct and language. \ • Dr. Francis spoke a t considerable length o n the . (Thepolicepromptlyinterfered,andthefellowwas medicaladvantages,andDr.MoCreadyfollowediaft£with his bell locked up in the Fifceenth Ward Station- House. Another rowdy w a s also apprehended a n d lockedup. Thepolicearedeservingofcommendation, ashaditnotbeenfortheirpromptitude,aseriousrow would have reguhed.comti up, ar.d mutt be settled. I t was uot settled by Wide Awakes and the attention of the polio*, there John Wildey, foreman cf Engine Comparjgr Ka. 40 U tt t l X c o n ) ^ ' - T h e fireor.gnatedacciden- uflairij. The Democra ic party, in repOHling that Coca-••-•]..• 'tally in a foxniiure store.' A Wew One^€entJEn^elopeBOSTON,Wtsdoesd^y,Oct.~4,low.AletterfromWashington «^^^!2fiSw^ General has adopted and ordered a <*»^£$QSH envelope, which will soon be supplied to post-office*throughout the country.MEMPHIS, Tei»n.The steamer Fred Trow, from MemplIalwid >*'. 10.aati with 1 000 bales of cotton, sank a t She beat is a total leas. 'piomise, had eolemnly pledged themselves to the fair operation of thi* pxinciplw.—The Wide Awake demonstration a t Troy, Tues- day evening, w a s rendered magnificent bejond a l lbrief speech. " 1A/icrOia-m-stood up ftr tlio fbir operation of the Kansas-Nebraska toll budtuatit alone ot all the.parties tothepreeentfpcciricle wao really go-geooa We ehal! avail our- mdyta of the.local pjos^ for ^etuib to monaw.*m?no longer spread its blight over the disputed regions.ThepeopleintheFreeStatesneverinasingleinstanceBrooklyn,drawnby35membersofthatactivecam- beganthe"apitation"withwhichtheRepublican ofthelatter. When,however,wecomparethiswith paigning company, and accompanied by a file of boy party is charged. Can any intelligent man put his what was done three years ago, with what should befinger upon the page of our history which records the done to make a reaJly excellent performance, w e find danger of sgitation of the cause of Freedom ? The elec--•• •CHASEOFOHIO,THEHON.JOHNCOVODEOFPEUN.,ANDG.W.CTJTtTIS,ESQ.,&C.drummers. With the splendid October sunshine on it,^ tlis was as pleasant a pageant a s one could wish totion of Mr. Pennington as Speaker proved that the agi- the warmth of our ardor slightly abated. A s far aa,„7- ofthepublicbusiness.ThecauseofFreedommoveaon Robort,andAlice,wereconcerned,theactingwasrTMlike the solid columns o f the Wide-Awakes—too wide magnificent. I t i s very seldom that so intenao a i l ' ^ awake to be broken by a chance brickbat or a derisiveand salt, by a fence.tion, the Long Island Railroad, cut off their chances for reach, though the latter excelled in a certain fine qual- | return at a reasonable hour,.* W e kaow that eager ity of voice, and in delicacy of style. Her perform*.*ful singing kept the grove alive until a late hour. that she will now have, what she seems t o have been The aflair8 of the day were well and pleasantly con- deprived of heretofore, fair play. StigelH finds in tit*with shoutingwas a teller for the cause.Meanwhile, Mr. G. W. Curtis had taken his place at of feeling by extravagance of action. I t waa, hW*> the outside stand, and entertained the large crowd witha powerful rebuke of the clamor o f disunion, closing ever, so far superior to any thing lately heard, that i t witharepetitionofastoryrecentlytoldbyGlen.Nye appearedgreat;ouronlycomplaintisthatitwasn4about the Chinese mode of warfare—all bustle aud entirely worthy of Formes. Fabbri was powerful, blather, ending, at the first show of real fight with atail-turning.iu general. well in the singing as t h e action, though i n her I Theeveningnowdrewon.Thegreatspeakers formancesitismoredifficultthaninmostothers.**Atheetieotewerequiet*,«^<•**'-••*v*'^'. --i;#*^4*f\*jrBrnshville,a smalltown on the Long Island Rail- are all that make a party. All the Republican party" : - • m The Academy of Music, opened last evening xa&etrymen. When we remember the very bad perform- remained last night, and proceeds thence to Fredcnia. several mounted Marshals, of whom Lendel F. Piatt —favorable to Freedom. The party simply places ance of " Robert lo Diable/' given bytheFrench ewn-fined to the details of tho battle of Volturno. T h eNeapolitans,estimatedat30.000strong,attackedthe see,asitwoandoutfromBrushtown,withtieexplo- tationofFreedomcouldnotinterferewiththeprogress thethreechiefpersonagesoftheopera,Bertram*<The destination of the parade was Doughty's G-roye,andtheobjectwastheopeningthereofaday"ofhearty cheer. Mr.Douglascan'tsucceed;itisutterlyimpos- absorbinganexcitementisarousedinanoperate- Republican celebration, in the carnal and mental.fes- sible. The chance of Mr. Bell is no better. But the audience as was to be remarked in thoee toenes whew^Stat* s have epoken for Abraham Lincoln. When New- Formes and Madame Fabbri were engaged. T a e u n - tivitiesofwhichallQueensCountymightshare,and Yorkspeaks,nervoicewillbethemostpotential'ofall. usualcareandattentiongivenbyboththeseartiststowhich,might be remembered agreeably among tha in- cidents of the campaign. With lno fear of a JonesGov.Chase closed, amid tumultuous approbation and a shower of bouquets, with the appeal that, in shoutingthe action of their-part» is worthy of all praise; ft^,-!mnil*('does much to raise the lyric stage to something like »*,,' Wocd rabble a roasted ox and an old-fashioned clam- for Lincoln in the certain'prospect of a glorious victory, proper position. The rest cf the piece was treated b lbake were announced by the Committee of Anange- tbe people before him would not forget to return histhe company much inthe usual way; a word of pi mustagainbegiventoMile.Elena,areally dancer, and tbowing much merit as a pantOmimist.Musically considered, the opera was n o t so entirely successfulaswemightnaturallyexpect. Formesmm not in his fullest force, whether by reason o f ill-bealtii orregligence,Itcannotbesaid.Somepartsof performance were surpassingly good; the most of"Naplesandhiebrotherswerepreeect.at'thebattle. Americanflags.ThecapesofmanyWide-Awakes party,drawinggreatfactsfromtheinvestioptionwhichRomora were current that Capua, had surrendered, and that the bombardment of the town was progress-treesa n dsinginggaily in among theing, but neither had been confirmsd. -J*.-: loads, family wagons with families formed on the out-There were at least five hundred Wide-Awakes o n theground,carryingwiththemallthehandsomethebake,thattherewasaverybrilliantdisplayofallhealth and spirit of the couotTy—from Astoria, Flush- ing HempBtead, Jamaica, Glen Cove, Minheola, Whi/e- etone, Strattonport, Smithville, and,other towns. Theyance, however, showed more clearly than ever that the Wide-A wakes, and that dauciDg and general glee- Fabbri is an artist of rare ability, and it is to be hoped Ifiogere sought the hot and fragrant clam in the ashes ofjia!respect from that of carving a quarter, theline was below the show of United StateB Marshal Rynders formed.beenreceived,viaSt.Petersburg,buttherewasnoth- thethoroughfire—thebandplayingMendelssohn's farexceedingtheUniondemonstration. Theaffair doubtlessberememberedbyanaudienceBttfficientrjr ing of importance. • Wedding March, the Rocky Mountain Glee Club a'so had not been noised for weeks about the country, buteingiDg the Republican "Dixie," and getting very bad been extemporized within a few hours, and its Wge to crowd Dcdworth's Hal), where it is to talco The English funds were depressed by heavy exports much applaudtd for doing it. Appetite was seasoned magnificence threw the tedious display o!f the Union place. No argument is necessary to induce such an at-of gold to France.i Latest.via-Queenstown.LONDON! Oct. 11.—There i s n o change to report inwith reason, and there was enough a n d good enough fcr a';l. Nf ar by the al ar of the oxr hraps of brush concealed, except from the keenest eyes, clams which should bake by night.men completely in the shade.The headquarters of the Believerett men iu Broad-way was thronged with men who could only havegazed with admiration upon the brilliant spectacle^-the stalwart mep of Philadelphia in serried ranks, withtendance. ! ' The second Philharmonic rehearsal waa yesterday afternoon attended by a full orchestra and au excellent auditory. B u t o n e more will take place previous ,t»the concert, and that will be given on the^morniagjof Saturday, Nov. 10.THE CANVASS IN NEW-YORK.— •GEN.'B.F.BRUCEwillspeakCOOK'S NEW YORK GLEE CLUB will singAtXinderhook. ....Friday,Oct.26.Ky Telegraph from Liverpool.Jursday noon.-^Co'mON—The market i s buoy the quantities of people that could not EqneezB into tbe which was the word" Victory." and upon the other, "Lincoln having become ineligible as to location for the purpose*! MARINE DISASTERS.THETRIBUNEOffice,therewas'ahalt,andtheWide- Awakes were loudly applauded by the crowds on the sidewaits.' They responded with enthusiastic cheers, and then passed on by the east gate, through the Park, and up Broadway, both sides of whioh were throngedblockhavebeenpurchasedbythetrustees,andhave*- beenalteredacdenlargedtomeettherequirementsof the school, and last evening the new establishment was formally inaugurated b y a meeting held in the Chapel, a t which there was present a large and intelli- gent audierjee. Dr. Ferris, the Chancellor of the Uni- , versity of New-York, a n d formerly President of thev Institute, was appointed Chairman. A n openmy :Chase had met, on th e floor o f Congress, Luther C .'borp; leaky, and would discharge-The General B*rry, from Lamlash for Boston, was apokea Carter, the preeent candidate for the District,-became with spectators. . . '.NosignsoftheeteamshipCanadian,fullydue,withMr.Stattcn.commencedbysayiogthathepresented Liverpooldates,viaLondonderry,ofthe12thinst. •wiih a clear andexplicit declaration ofitsF.P.Stanton,onceofTennessee butnowofKansas.himselfpndtr thedisadvantageoffollowing thedis- Ifeiningandcalm. -views, andforthis,reason theconfidence of the of2,000peoplewereassembled,whogreetedthePhila- country follows its candidates., Tbe people elected Mr.delphians with the most rapturous applause and wel- come.Aftertheproceesionhadpassedthispoint,PattyWelch, with a crowd of about fifty roughs, took posi-tiononthewalkinfrontofthe_Belleverettquarters,alsobytheRev.Drs.Krebs,Haight,ELenshaw,aud Ferris, interspersed with singing by the young lady- . pupils, of whom there are now about tw o hundred in attendance. The exercises were concluded a t about !<• • o'clockbythesingingofOldHundred,inwhichtho* wholeaudiencejoined.W a r r o ^ v E s c a p e o f C o l . P r e s t o n . 1LouisviIXE,Wednesday,Oct.24,1860.Po)k, Mr. Van Bureh being struck down because he advocatedFreedominadegree. Allthe p^war thatall itsfertile inflcencea:—they were nowabouttohearthepatteriogofanordinaryshower.Mr.Seward had descanted upon the merits of the Re- an acconnt of the narrow escape of himself and family for S>avery. M r. Pierce went in by a tremendous publican partv, andbewould give thsmthecauses frcmdrowninginaveeselonwhichtheyhadembarked majority ofElectoral votes, and,thewhole country•AletterfromCoJ.Preston,MinistertoSpain,giveswasgivenMr.Po.kwasusedagainstFreedomanddriven like so many sheep down the street, and in five-There is no news from tbe mines. The route between wcrk of a certain class instead of the wholie people. I t s Union side. McGuire drew a sheath-knife and rushed upon Greeay ~LKE, Mass. Wedneeday,'Oct.-24, I860.On<^ of the bcilers a t Platrier & Smith's new paper a hole anpeared in the toes, and elsewhere, and alwaysplauded by cheers and the clapping of hands. .The Invincibles were entertained with a collationatthe Stuy vessnt Institute by the Union Wide-A wakes,mill in this town, exploded thip morning a t 5 o'clock, seriouMy Riid probably fatally injuring John Datmer of Kent, Cocn. T h e damage t o property by lire andtbe patcbiug was done withcottoa, until not a trace of eiik. vras left. -But still the old Jady called for her silk stockings. . T h e Democracy h a s been patching i t s stockir gs, until now every sored of the old Democracyand the other Associations by the Central CampaignClub and the City Wideawakes, a t their respective tbeater of the buildiug on the fourth floor, and in tha-4threaten dissolution in tbe event of Lincoln's election, the explosion amounts to $6,000. 'The same building has disappeared. Still, the candidates who go beforebut they were willing to hear others make r ir^at, was fceriousjv damsged last Juuo, aud had but just the people call for the silk stockings, and. they are halls. Words of welcome were spoken by the New- presence of about a hundred students, who were a d -Ohituary.i TOUONTO, Wednesday; Oct. 24,1860.should be preserved for tree men. The geatle-man who sat near him fex-Governor King], TheHenjMr.DeBlaquellediedsuddenlvlastnight was then the representative of New-i'ork.A alight disturbance occurred in front of the New- YorkHotel,whichresultedinthearrestofMr.ofPublicCharitiesandCorrectiona;andDre.Mot*.,HORACE GBKKLSY WillspeakatRhincbedc,Datch- ets Co., on Piiday, (to-roonow.) . .Alto,atMonroe.OrangeCo,onTlmred^yevenicgGarney for interfering with an oflicer in the discharge and who was armed -with a bell, which he kept con-Mr. Stanton proceeded to show how completely the preotdent, b|y the brilliancy, grandeur and universality New-Mexico by the law of its own. Henry ClayELECTION ofr ABSISTANT ENGINEER.—Ths elect *& ofAseibtautEngineeriftheFireDepartment,t-gfiU ile vacancy occasioned b y the resignation of Job*Democratic partyhadfa'siliedallit*pledgee,by re-oftreillunfrnationofthecity. Nothingequaltoit cent,tingtheevntsw'hiohattendedtheso-calledadoption of tbe Lecompton Coosdtution, and t5» cir- b«s ever fceiin witt^eeed in this State -not even, it wstoodupintheSorm6andsaidthatnapoweronearth couldinducehimtocatavotewhichoouldcumstances which preceded and accompanied that event, aid. in tbe City of Neiv-York T b e imagination can extend Slavery into Free territory. M r . Ben-Ctegier, w a s held last night a t the various f/ogine,hose, and hook-and-Udder houses about the cii / . > Tft* againsttheirvi>ii),afterthevhadvotedatafairelec- Thewbflocity-wem?dclothodiuvariegatedlight, prtttbLtRepublicanorganiaAtion. Ithasariseninevit- badassembledintheneighborhoodoftheStnyveaant resultcannotbedefinitelyknownuntilto-nij',ut,when tion to reject aid rewndUte it. He proceeded to remark uh infitit^ taste acd profnireRflfla. The ably out of the fact ibat the qneatiou of Slavery baa Institute, and but for the foibearance on the part of the tbe votes are canvassed, bot the probability U thutanddweltwithmuchseverityontheattemptofthe ton lived long enough t/>bear bidtestimonyto Derxccracy to force that Cons uution upon the ptsople crrceive of n<thing more pictureeque and beautiini tbe same creat principle. Here was the origin of theGreatprovocationwasgiven,bytheruffianswhoibat th e KepubbcaxJB were tbe onlv party that had nrrangpd. i- .i• ,.' ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com-is**"'MM" •MsiUMMlM«\JxWwJ&i(iq&&fa,mfa&fii&mmBmm m: i-.-..Nvfr:•^Wjha'rt-'ii'litej'ii- ^,••-••. .*>;yrv mUntitled Documentdise" '•,/:.." > 'Continentiala o f Philadelphia, G e n . Small, Marshal, 165 men,gether with a list of other officers selected from the va-riousDistictsrepresented. ThePresident introduced andJohnson. This body, inadditiontotheiruniform,badsus- lishment,whichhasforthelast26yearsbeeninopera vTHE RUTGERS FEMALE INSTITUTE.—This estate--' Diue. I n their ranks they bore two transparencies, on one of tion in the Seventh Ward, at No. 266 Madison street,,and attempted to create a disturbance with the people , PROBABLE MURDER.-—Last night about half past fr r ontheoppositeside.Failingtoprovokeauattack, o'c}ockJohnMcGuire,asailor,audanothermanwenjt-Welch,attheheadofhis•gang,startedfortheother intoadance-houeeatNo.275Waterstreetandbe^.„•ThePhiladelphiaBoardofTradedelegationarrived whichbasnever,beenequaled. Whatisthe heretoforeescapednotice.Pattyandhisgangwere eningtokillwhoevercameout.Thebar<-keeper,adwt It particularly upon t h e surgical and anatomical tiiually jingling and thrusting into the faces of the advantages presented in tbe clinical arrangements ofwould have be*n many a head brokea. A t i o'olock elaoted. •m;m .;•',:.-:- p •p •'. % v"r•\ .s :•• • - - • - " •••OFEBATIC•*-.-- -•- ••'•'•came very abueive. McGuiie was finally put out of*  