 ••**> We gfre afofl rtnort ehwwbsr*.We pBbhsh m another commn an mmieatingpraiseworthy, interestedsections are corrupt in principal, ami l i t in the depth of theirthis evening for c-ottsuiution. The Senate adjourned at That which other sovereigns have undertaken thing to permit the property owners to have aa early hour for that purpose. As to morrow to the dayfor their own political aggrandizement he anything to say about it They have monopo- that tbe appointment for liarbor Masters will come up m the Senate. It was supposed to be a caucus in connectionseems to have performed simply for the glory lized tho gigantic job themselves, and soon we with that subject, which proved to be the case. Aftermaking way with a fine supper of oysters, the Governor of advancing the Interest of civilization, and. may expect the most extraordinary develope- 1 formed the honorable Senators that there had bee* aI*.tas to the probability of changing the time forthe meeting of the Convention to an earlier day are menaced by Seward theories, as developed which they were groaning. He made the*A s s e m b l y .ALBAST, Jan. SI, IS**.,• %of pawnbrokers in the city and county of New York,provides, "It shall be unlawful, hereafter, for any pawn •Broker within the city and county of New York, to de- id or take upon any loans which they make upon any good* or caattm of any description whatever, a larger t-erecntage than ten per centum per annum. Any pawnbroker within tbe Tin; PRIVILEGE OF JOBBING MONOPOLIZED BT City and county of New York who shall be found guilty of THE LEGWLATI KE. -The extensive scheme of a violation of the provisions ot this law shall be punwhed by a fine not exceeding five hundred dollars nor leas than railroad jobs which the Common Council of one hundred, or by an imprisonment in the county prtoea for a term not exceeding six months nor less than threeThe bill to prevent stockholders of incorporated companies from voting by proxy was taken up, bat progress was reported without debate.The bill to enable aliens to take, bold and convey real estate, and confirm titles received from them, was op- posed by Mr BINSBAMand progress reported.Tbe bill to allow notaries public to perform the duties of justices of peace as commissioners of deeds was warmly opposed by Mr. LAWaad recommitted.The bill amending tbe law for designating holidays was recommitted, with Instructions to amend it by providing :faat bilk failing due on a holiday shall be payable an the dayMbseqsenttosuchholidaySeveral bills of no avneral Interest were acted upon ia Osmmtttee of the Whole.Expected Mew* from Europe.NEW YORK HERALD.I f t J f t t U O H D O M • Si • " « J T * , fnr^»» A*T* pioeanrww.»rr«j» a. v cvs*** «W »*H»P eJU» rT/M"0*l tMMMM.riak * I** •Miwi <Mrt>—rOM *•#»»«*•*«to.mtitfpari •/ 9r*a fiHtnin Cmt*m~*t-**~ • • * ' * * « i *** • / sac* «VMA V <te « • *Brr <f* •**l*>r** ')«««OHNEWSPAPERS—It has been our custom foraproifctmewt et atnae tarn, be ae eouM Mt"^orriwrTsr mRKKSPtMOBm'X tmmv+w nmsri—i were referred to the Committee on Supplies if they JDC,mM>-iiMfrmm-» fifctrtor•/Usworld,</wad,wiO*< werefoundcorrect,andalsoseveralforrefresh-gVraA|rfmHiifar •*> «( »o«*M« •'©»«*»>-i>«*«•« itsr4»>«VkAM.v *•*»«•*»» *» ttaVi. t u U m u u>» *MW-4 ments contracted prior to the resolution limiting"demon,''an "onall papers having such notice printed on theKO rfOTICB ah** •* swsaSntiw* an r f w i —AOVrKTISKMXitTH r i M M r»<~* d o , , s*rW fa <*- •r»«Lt H«k*L», r*••!.» 5 thIUwwfesHM » » ••«••• *<**•*•-V* 4* Ml mmt i* «*«the cost of them in future to 1250 a year for each member of the Board. The resolution to change the deposits of the Board from the Merchants' to the fchoe ar>d Leather Bank, which was lost atof the country. Let them have funds— what would a million of dollars be, inJO* rzumrtf, Wsilnewspaper is in strong contrast to the systemtries. In France the newspapers are not re- DEBATE AS TO TUB MAItSBB OF KLBCT1NU !>Rt.EOAT*S* =life." TMe Is pretty well, though unequal touremmvrn THIS vruixa.G«tr>*K »rma*wa?-Ceoas'a BOTAL Aaraiand was laid on the table fur three weeks. Gover- nor BttuniBgbauBen mo fed that the Governor i• d LegMatare be invited to visit the institutions but pending the discussion on the motion the Board adjourned. The number in the institutionspamphlet, and the incendiary press, which the "little villain" Brick, who discovered the black republicans have at their command. If "sympathies of youth" in the "elbows of tbe this is done, and if other necessary measures Mincio." It beats Aminidab Sleek, who de- are adopted, the words "irrepressible conflict," troys the force of his billingsgate by the prosi-stricted in this fashion, either for home orforeign circulation, and we are not surprisedvtherefore, to find the Independence Beige com-menting upon tbe Postmaster General's orderas a curious instance of the nvtnner in whichthe liberty of the press is restricted in this free o'clock this aiternoon at Congress Ball. Only fourteenBROaDW»T BOtrnoit, H4 Broadway.—Afternoon—LASB Al IT HAS—W0SA*'»WBtB3 whileitlayonthetable,BABmnrt» AMIKICA* WDHTOM. rtroMway AfMr- the cotton ;tnarkft yesterday was rather tam«, while nf«n>—Bnt<>» *« t»»»»»-8«s»e«i»* :* IMOIA. ET«ataC— prices were uocbai-geU. The sales embraced 1,000 bales,Ark of Hope.A general conviction now prevails that theproposed European Congress will not meetIn Washington attributes to the HERALD, Is that of "imposing his voluminous Euro- pean and Washington correspondence uponto each subscriber at the small cost of a penny each; but it strikes us that we should not be behind France and other monarchical na tions in the matter of liberality is the circula-stated that they bad met there to fix the time, place a s * mode of electing the delegates to the Chicago ConventionThe question was discussed as to whether the time for holding tbe Chicago Convention would be changed to a* earlier day.T»TI»O IT f>»—F or* «i«p CoeieTsenors. E»eo.lng-lse- the project, was signed by a number of partiesWith the Pope determined on maintaining his the public as genuine," whereas strongpolitical pretensions, and Austria, Naples and suspicions are entertained that "there is notSpain prepared to support him, its deliberations a shadow of a doubt that it is manufac-would be the merest farce. The pamphlet of tured in the HERALD office itself!" With- M. de Laguerroniere his, in fact, knocked in out analyzing the Hibernicisms of our pluckyfcs»«**D TOOsnsa—V»»*)•! WOOL t'«ALkK.RUT AJITH M1N8TKEIA «««B*nWl H»U. * « 8ro»<lwmT -^l^J2^s£i-rO.«2». BB*LA«»0«. *C-Jd*A DAT! hit TIAA0AU4VOBU»>portant mental pabulum of the people.in reference to the master. Gov. Morgan said that the tune was fixed by the National Committee after a lengthy aisctusica, and at that time all were satisfied with It.FUNCH *H1»»«« •» *r»dw»T -M«» CKCU.II mrtntnt. Pojkwastbm,bat,thespeculativedemind wasmembers, and the Italian question wfU have nal tbe HERALD must be! Members ot Con-to settle melt after the best fashion that it gress rise in their seats -and wonder how the can. HERALDreporters,ofwhomwe have five andsometimes six in that city, managed to obtain It is well for Italy that this is so. Tho greatest such exclusive and accurate knowledge of se-Pro Rata Committer—Calieotr* Resolu- tions—A>bany nnd Sn^qnehanna Rail- road—Bill* Introduced—Decision of the Supreme Court on the Injunction Against the Common Council—The Har- bor Blaster Appointments Undergoing KeMsion, &c.OfB 8PBCIAL ALBANY DESPATCH. ALBANY, Jan. 31.19*0.Tbe work before the LerWatare is rapidly accumulaUcg. with fail prospects of continuing in the same direction for some time to come. New York city raUroads acd amendments to tbe Revised Statutes contain a lair pro- portion of the list of bills offered.and duricg last week be wr:te to all tbe members of the National Coronjirtee, s'5t:ng tbe fact of Lis receiving a largenumberot letters,andasking tbeseveralmembers whether It was their wish to charge ii to some earlier day. Ht bad thus far only received seven replies—therefore, not enough 'o form at.y opinion as to the with of the entire c c m c ttc •. Those tLat he had received were nearly ail against changing th- time. Tbe member from New Jersey and one oilier were all that desired a change. He had also just received s despatch from Augusta, Me., dated Jan. 3. stating that the State Central Committee bad been in session there this morning and unanimously decided agaibst aiij change in the day of holding the Chicago Oon vention. It was his opinion that there would be no changeMr. Richards moved that the delegate* be elected by a State Oobvettico.Hie mo ion called out a lively d'sccsskm.Mr Maduen made a speech to favor of electing by Oot-F.o*"" TOO.L A»» UBTW""*1' oscimt$17 3i.acd of i,e». do at $18a$1S 12>i, and at Sl'J 25 for Kew ¥»rh. W«ati^d«J-. February 1, I860. olop'ime,and$1376a$1337^fornewdo. Ttnrewere a'fo s o n e sales n>ac> for March and April delivery at $17 r<r thm c t e s and $18 for new do. Ssgars were quiet, uo<» s»!fs conflred to 100 a 200 hhds. at unchanged prices.daDger that she had to fear was a diplomaticarrangement of her affairs. lief safety lies notcrets, which they imagined to be locked up InHAILS FOB EUROPE. T«« Sew V»rln Herald—Bdltloatheir own breasts.Politicians abroad—in Lon-mTfce Cuntrd niAil steamship Africar, Capt. Slianuon, wlli lr»r* this port to day foB Liverpool.The MAI!A for Burope fill doae la tka city at t«a. o'clock U. t normogtionary political ideas of the Roman Court and of Austria have aided her in her efforts of self- regeneration. Those Powers, like the Bourbons,ing which they otherwise could have had nocognizance. It is notorious that the cor-respondence from abroad, of this paper, since they closed tbe testimony, and in talking over thenand, of Illinoi?, fn his pUce, the republicans ad- hering to Mr. Pennington. A ballot was taken,the North and the South.Destruction of com-the original conditions of its existence, and asit stood for the first three centuries after its into the very heart of our sanctum. We do foundation. Before the concessions of Charle- not much blame our petty neighbor in Wash-Mr. Maoflen wanted to know if that was a reflectionwhich resulted as follows :— Keceesarjr k»achoice.merce; annihilation of the internal and exter-nal sources from which prosperity flows to ourto make them capable of sirebacts.Resolved i it Use teniae concur> That we recognise the fede.ral constitution, asjudicially expounded, aa the sovereign law of the land: that we regard the doctrine that there to a higher law- in ooniiict with it, and overruling it, aa a miserable aadCoi'\ i Ltkn wt re to elect the delegates, It was one thing, but quite a different affair if, as be feared, tbe Coores tion wouic only be called upon to ratify what bad been cooked < up beforehand.Alter a shot t time spent in personal explanation, the vote was taken, tod stood nine In favor and four against electing by State Convention. The motion was afterwards made unanimous.For Mr. Peinteftoa for Mr Mcdemaad.... Scatterteg117 merchants, manufacturers, farmers, and capi- magne it possessed none of the temporal attri- ington for what he calls a "brutal attack" and\flight of the HERALD, than those of an owl could that of an eagle.that other iicendtory aod wicked doetrice that there to "aairrepressible ctLUtcf between the Northern and SouthernStates which can only he terminated by the subversion of u>domestic h(muttons of tne or UM other aection; that, on thecontrary, we reeogntze in tbe en relations of the several titates up, h r . Maiiierre arguing in favor of Albany. It was a compact of brother hood which Imposes upon them the sacredrespecting the suppressing of inter-state invasions and conspiracies. A bill to carry out the fifteenth article of the treaty with Mexico was introduced and referred.tained to show the necessity for such a com- So overwhelmingly grave and imminent are of government At present It stands In a far mittee. The conspiracy was evidently a care-than that already fixed upon was broached, andGovernor Morgan laid before the committee in-formation showing that there was no general de-Eire for any change. The next question taken upby Helper's larger catechism, and John Brown treaty of Villafranca simply because it be- murders and treason? came necessary to detach England and Prussia There is, in the Northern and Central States, from the interests of Germ*ny, which would a great corps de reserve of over eight hundred certainly have taken part with Austria if heThe speech of Mr. Roch was a strong oue, and didcredit to the advocates of that bill. He was followed by Judicial district, were passed.formation they obtain from the NEW YORK HERALD,T*e i B H i a u Etemoal or m H«RAIJ!» will be pabltsaodat hall past aise o'ctook » ttaa awrain* 8i*cla copies in The Two Great Parties which Dividefrom experience. The civilization of the agehas swept by them, leaving them fixed and im- movable as rocks in their views of the political destinies of nations. As they sow they mustreap, and, therefore, it is out of their stubbortuiject,grcssionai districts Be thought that they should take two other articles; also to make allowance for handling cones. 1irom the division in tbe democratic party.wrapper*, aix eeata.Oaaawlaiiuai aan adrertmaiMta for aoj edition of the<Hvw T O K HBXAL* will he recetfed at Uwfoilowtac plaoei . Samptee lam, Soo ft 0 » , 47 I o l « a t e Hill.Laming, Sort k C... T4 Kicg William street. PAWS ..iAoataf, B*l<mm ft Co , 8 p«ce d« ia Bouraa. kmatwot lABNDg. Btarr ft Co , S'o 9 Chanel streetR. Btoart, 10 Eichaage street, Baas.I L i m iAostog. Balawta ft Co , SI raa OorneOlo. HAWBOWO. . Ds CttapeaaroBge ft Co.steamer, which is confirmed by telegraph, asTfce onir-tir of tfte IL'AOMUJI EDmaw or «sx OBAALDwill ooeaejw toe ne* s <«oetTed by mail and teiegrapb atHM aawae dariag the pre?ioafi week and up to the boor of next Presidential election in November. If ribioauoaness springs a glorious prospect for the future of the Italian people.According to all appearances the fate ofPopedom as a member of the European comityof governments is sealed. The pretensionsof hew Yorkremaintruea&dloyal to the ccraiiinUoo of theUnited rltlri, and regard ad its compromises and ouBdittaaui asobligator y upon the i>egt«Uture andjanagtati-atea of the severs,:States, aiid binding t -"•- " — -*-- •-- —- States, add binding upon the consciences ot the people;would act as a unit, which hi b« opinion was desirable Mr Strong next spoke in favor of electing by Cmgres- sioral dwtiicte, and thought that it world make no ciflV- rer c» as to the preference of tbe delegates or their final1<£ T h e d e w s .Tbe neirg from Washington contiaoes to increaseSeward.Mr. Van Valkmburg followed in favor of the Convea-•ml__ _ MSWBBWJSJSSWBSSSISWHBWUNEW TORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 18M.the upright and energetic rotors of the State, magne the First did much for human progress frustrate the bold attempt; also an account, by the should throw off past apathy, and that them by his liberal endowments of the Papacy, our•ateprivately lay the matter before tat*.NEW REGUIATION WITH REGARD TO POSTAGE ri-jwar«tow««wat»B UM New Terk a-4 Afthefrom prison, and the measures aucceswfally taken tois inegro Sanchez, of his complicity in the aff*ir. ehi>uld be an instantaneous rallying together modern Chaileraagne has accomplished still some fifteen years past to print upon the apetog \ for tba iThe ateamsbip America, which lett Liverpool on of the wealth, respectability and industry of mole for it by stripping Rome of the giftsthe 14th and Queenatowa on the l*tn nit for Hali fax, bad not arrived at the latter poet up to eight o'clock but evening. She will bring four days laterwrappers of the HERALD sent to our sub- scribers a notification of the time when their subscriptions will expire, in order that theytbe different persona IeeSnlte cmraa agree* uponthe apioiimiH ats writ becommitter te whom they here iparr* to report .European news.At the meeting of the Almshouse Governor* lastpeople."convicted forger," who, on the whole,de-amount in time to preserve tike continuity inTh* moron*, at a special term of the Supreme Owjrt, Junge Geo Gould preatdieg, Wm M Kvarts. oa b half i f th. penaie of tbe H-ate of New York, sawred tor ike em-mechanics, and professional and moneyed menwho abound in our midst, and let them be pro-vided with ample funds to secure the election,Hi Novtmbtr next, of a national President p nuu.berofbillsforsundrysuppliestotheinstitutionstheUnitedStates.Lettherealsobeasmaller editoroftheHKKAI.Dis"JackKetch,"fttie receipt of their papers. This custom tiouar.ee of aa tojaastsm as granted by Jade* W. B Wr»gbt, agatcst tbe Common Oo neil of Kew Terk, reevening proposals were received from various par- tes to destroy r*ts in the city prisons, which were referred to the committee on those institutions. AFORGERY DETECTED AND Exrosnn.—Under this heading the veracious editor* of several ob- scure paper*, proclaim to tbe world that thewas a convenience to our subscribers; but itapt ears that the new Postmaster Genera), Mr-•training seJd Common Oounci' from granting to th* Kew York an. Toshers Railroad Company rjervatosw* te lay or ctntlrnot a railroad m e o y o t the streets or avenues ef an* cay. Judge G<*b*rt Oeea oopoeed the •arow. afterrtfrfAMtir V KHALI) m Waswntea-. « n * •**»*«» contracted for la#t year came up for approval, and permanently sitting committee, whose duty ita " midnight scrupulouseavesdropper,"a"nakeddeformity"c mpaay appeared to be mirrdiottv by the et***t* ef 1*14, and be therefore granted the motion to oaatta** the njuDctoe, giving the defeodanu the opportunity to ge t*BOWEST rHKATBK. shwerj.-Tiis I*** MASE-TSS LOWis 1,394— an increase of 122 during the week. and the pad consequences they have engen- ness of his diction. It far surpasses, also, theTbe Republican State Central Committee met at feartvte*oo* i : The Aldermanic Committee on Streets met yes- WiOACIt TBBATEt. Brasdwny.-Sasuaas Of A terday tohear parties onthe subject of wideningmembers were present, and about the same number effoe*THNM*S ^____L A O I t M S I ' B THSAlRS, ( U Broadway.—J SA»ISR*ir BOWSST THRATRS B»w*r» - T n 0*Y***OS-outsiders aa invited guests. Among the latter was Gov. 'Morgan and Mr. (.rover, chairman of the New YorkAnnstreetfromWdliamtoGoldstreet Attherequest of a number of property owners who werepresent, however, theyadjourned 'or a week with-out taking any action. A remonstrance, whichwas brought for presentation by the opponents ofPractical Solution of the Italian tiuea-tton—The Failure or the Congress the Tbe crime which one of these popgunsCentral Committee.oc tbe spot, ciosteg ou the bonis of quotations given ia acottir c.'.umti Flour waa heavy and inactive, while price? we:e unchanged. Th»- sates of all descriptions were also n--od>rate. Wheat was qu»et, and prices unsettled, ami ;n tt.e absence of sales quotat-ons were nomiual, Corn wag is moderate demand and prices without alteration ofthe head all chance of concert between itslittle contemporary, what an astounding jour-HEWS FHCMTHESTATE CAPITAL He had stsce received numerous letters urging that tbe day should be charge.! to an earlier period,lets active. The sales of old mees were made at $17 25 ain a formal and limited recognition by Europeof her rights, but in such a broad assertion of don. Paris and Berlin—marvel that the infor-Ir. another columc we give a statement of stocks, and als >the pr*cts established by Messrs. B. L ft A. Stuart for tbom as the jealousies of the continental Powers written from their own cities, conveys to their refined gooes. Cenee was quiet. Tbe stock of R:J will enable her to make. Fortunately the sta them, frequently, State mysteries, concern- unbiased 33,149 bags, 82.K0 mats and 1,096 bags Java,2,6(0 mats Cey ion. 1,212 do. Singapore, making a total ofall k:-ds of ?b,933 packages. Freight were firm, whileengagements were fair, especially for English ports.i•he Country In the Coming Presiden- tial Content.It must have become apparent, by this time, to the most superficial observers of the politi- cal horizon, that there never bos been a more critical period In the history of the United States than the present Every intelligent citi- zen knows that the existence of the Union, iu its integrity, will depend upon the issue of thehave learned nothing, and will learn nothing, not seldom contains the very news, by one details of tbe bill nave agreed to exempt milk and one orWilliam H. Seward, or any other standard- bearer of sectional discord, is elevated to the Chief Magistracy, it Is logically and morallythat it continues to assert are now generallyadmitted to be inconsistent with the progress that of Puck, bring in daily, from Pekin, Japan,that any a tempt bydeieat the execution of any ot tne provisions ot toe ooosunuon actios. There was one opinion in tbe party in ttieState, and render noungatory the laws of Oongisss, to a violation of tbe as far as he knew anything about it, and that was for compact between the Mates,tbe dlaseit'.uor. of the Colon.them, it must die the death of all effete Institu-Speakership ia still undecided. Ia the Hoase yes- together will be rent asunder with bloody tions. Were the Pontiff and his advisers men which the less enterprising presses of the worldIn interest and importance. The question of the certain that tbe bands which unite the Statesterday Mr.Smith, of NorthCarolina, withdrew from violence, and that an "irrepressible conflict''— of sense, they would see that the time has Ar- only get weeks later ? Or, how if the Atlanticsuchinvasion.hesoived (if the Senate concur), That the law abiding oeoplesecure a narmonious delegation. Mr. fitzhugh in particular was afraid that tbe Oongioastooal system wc-bld be tbe means of throwing atocord to their ranks by those who sometimes vote the democratic ticket.the contest, and the democrats put up Mr. McCler- a war of extermination—will ensue between rived when the Papacy must re-enter withintelegraph cable is already laid, with wires con- necting from every great city in the world,of the (Kate of Aew York bold In abhorrence the acts of trea-son, murder and ravine committed by John Brown aad his deladed follower* and nctms at Harper's Ferry; aad deploreand denounce the teachings of tbe demagogues and fanaties upon the po< tion of the party that he representelf "Tt the v ho so perverted the minds aad oecsnences of those men as110talists; the inauguration of a long period of butes and endowments to which it now clings, 96 "fire, rape and slaughters," would hare for and yet it held as complete a dominion over" the coarsest conceivable abuse," for he krfewsno better. His eyes can no more follow the wicked sophtotrv; and that we equally condemn and repudiate91The moat noticeable feature of the ballot was their inevitable result to reduce this now happy the going over of Henry Winter Davie, a Southern republic to the lowest depths of degradation,men* souls. The policy of those grants at the period they were made is not to be disputed. The Catholic church was then the great agent of civilization, and it occupied itself in repair- ing the ravages which the irruptions of theTbe place for holding the Convention was then takenoppositionist from Maryland, to the republicancandidate, without a word of explanation. Theentire session was consumed in taking one ballot,and the House adjourned with the understandingthat the struggle should -be resumed to-day withoutdebate. The republicans are •anguine of success. ought to be done Immediately, without any de- was politic, to give to it such temporal aid end the parties connected with the John Brownfinally agreed to hold it at Syracuse, on the 18th of April, at 11 A Mbarbarism, and misery. The masses of the people, in all sections of the North as well as South, ore, therefore, awakened to the im-mTHE SENATE COMMITTEE ON THE BROWN RAID.— It seems more than possible that the Investi- gating Committee of the Senate will find someduty of protecting each other.Resolved Of the Senate concur), That the Ooverncr be re-spectfully requested to transmit copies of the foregoing reaoiu tions to the Senators and Kepreeentativea in Congress from : his Bute, and to the Uoveraore ot all the other States in the Colon.There to a talk of holding a radical democratic caucus at an early day. This is the name given to that portion of the republican party that formerly were attached to the democratic party of the State, but are now acting with tbe republicans. Tbe only principles in common with the Weed portion of that party is the nigger ques- tion. They are becoming tired of being set on one side by the Regency, and the claims of corrupt and stock-During the discussion the different members expressed their opinion as to who was the choice of the repuoucaas ol this State, and without any exception it waa ia favor of Mr. Seward.Mr. Madden said that it was not for the mac on account of his name, but because he was the very embodiment ofhe principles of the party.M E W l O & K L E G I S L A T U R E .Senate.AiTUTT, Jan. SI, I860Mr. MASHSKK (rep.) presented a remonstrance from citizens of New York against the proposed amendment of the constitution relative to the Judiciary; also a pctitiea in favor of repealing the act establishing a Commission of Records in the city of New York.Mr. MC-LBOD Mr-RPHT (dem.) presented a petition for aportance of considering, practically, whatir barbarian hordes had effected, It was wide, it difficulty in procuring reliable evidence as tolay. In view of the great vital and olWmpor- support as could alone enlist the respect of interesting speech upon Mr. Douglas' resolutions tant Interests that are at stake. populations to whom force was the only roleIn the Senate yesterday Mr. Hunter delivered anconspiracy.Enough, however, has been ascer-the issues, which the rapid succession of events, during the past few months, has brought home to the hearth-stone of every good member ofdifferent position. It resembles literally one of those ancient landmarks, the objects andjobbing politicians recognized by the appointing power, as has been the case in the appointment of Harbor Masters. hand, known to a large number of promi- They now propcee to enter a protect against the Regency, and more especially Thurlow Weed. That wing of the republican party appear to be mora sound upon tbe question of finance than the followers of the Regency,A considerable amount of business was trans- society, that all minor differences of opinion memories. It has no root in their affections; itcause of the fidelity of the slaves to theiracted in the Legislature yesterday. Most of it,seem already to be forgotten. If not, their has no place in their belief. Even those whowhose main idea is speculation.This being General Order day in both houses, all sorts of bills were considered in committee of thehowever, was of a local character. In the Senatea bill was introduced to amend the Common School traces are fast becoming obliterated. The twomasters. If John Brown had been joined by bow to the spiritual rule of tbe Pontiff refuse any considerable number of negroes, and hadlaw of this city. It provide* that the Tnatees shallherealter be appointed by the Board of Supervisorson the nomination of the Corporation Counsel. TheTrustee* so appointed shall foe citizens of theUnited States^ and shall have been residents of thecity of Kew York for?at least three years next pre-ceding their appointment, and shall hold no othersole remaining divisions of sentiment in the land will soon be, between those who aim at a dissolution of the Union, and those who are re- solved upon the perpetuation of the Union. Hence It Is, that halfway measures, like half- way men, are falling into contempt, as unsuited to the emergencies of the moment. The rumpto recognise in his temporal pretensions any claim to their respect or obedience.mode a stand for a few days until reinforced by his friends in Ohio, Northern New York, Vermont and Massachusetts, the conflict would have been a very serious one. As it was, itwbole, and prepared for third reading, most of license law to regulate the sale of passenger tickets. which, however, were of a local nature. Among thefederal, State, city or county office, except it bethat of Commissioner of Deeds or Notary Public, of Know Nothingism, in this State, crumbled toand oppression from the toleration of this on the subject and lay them before the coun- worn out and emasculate but not the less des- try. Let us know who are the traitors in factthe State. On motion to strike out tho second section, shall hold no other federal. State, city or county office,The last section abolishes the office of Inspector of Common Schools. At the evening session the Sus- qaeaannah Railroad loan bill was ordered to a third reading. In the Assembly the bill to compel the attendance of witnesses before committees of common councils of: cities was taken np, and,after a long discussion, was ordered to a third read-pieces at the Utica Convention, The old line whig remnant is closing up more nearly every day with the ranks of the conservative de- mocracy. The Union meeting organizations, everywhere, have fizzled out, through their time servinglukewarmness, and are regarded as having presented no truly remarkable feature,potic system, a second Charlemagne shouldconceive the idea of taking bock what his pre-decessor gave, and restoring to Italy what shehad lost by priestly encroachments? Such,there is now no doubt, was the plan of Napo- well. In the case of Arny we see that leon from the moment in which be first an-v»nich lefial'zts all companies Incorporated for the navi- gation of l«Dg Island Sound, the committee rose and re- ported progress. This section I judge to be the most im- portant one for the originators of the biU, who have ille- gally operated in the past, but have taken this course to sanction their oiganixation. The future discussion willexcept it be that of commissioner of deeds or notary pub lie The last section abolishes the office of Inspector of Common Schools.EVEKTNG SE8STON. fThe Albany and Susquebanna Kaiiroad r.oan fall w i s re-ported complete and ordered to a tbtrd reading;.Tbe bill for the relief of widows and children of clergying.The New York Republican State TJentral Com- beyond the bold, eloquent and patriotic speechmittee met at Albany yesterday to take action of Mr. Charles O'Conor. The great question in with reference to the appointment of dele- the hearts, souls, and consciences of all, Is, gates to the Chicago Convention. The question what can be done at once, and most efficiently,nounced his intention of unfurling the burner of Italian independence. It is doing his saga- city injustice to suppose that he ever contem- plated stopping short of the measures which were necessary to effect the liberation of thehe complains because he was not permitted to give his version of the Pottowatomie mas- sacre, in Kansas, when Brown and several others took the Doyles out of their beds at night and murdered them in cold blood. Arny desired to relieve the memory of Brown from the odium qf this crime: but the testimony was proper* ly ruled out—first, because the Committee is not investigating the Kansas matter, and second, because all the evidence of all the Ar- nys in the country would not wash out the stain from Old Brown's name. Without doubt theSenate this morning. Senator Roch made a lengtny speechin favor of the appropriat-ou, presenting the usual stere-otyped arguments that have been ottered in behalf of that dollars, was, on a motion of Mr. SPUOLA, laid on tne road, that they have helped other sections of tho State hi table.building their public works, but have received nothing in No other business of interest was done, and after a loturn. and now ask for help to build this road. From brief session the Senate adjourned.the arguments offered in behalf of this bill a personwould be led to believe that a majority of the citizensalong tho proposed line of that road do not see daylightonly once a year, the advocates of the measure, both inthe Legislature and the third house, are pressing theirclaims with great energy. If they fail it wiU not be forinactivity.to avert the terrible catastrophe with which we Roman people from the iron despotism underThe bill relating to Justices of the Peace in the county of Otsego elected to hold Courts of Session, and the bill authorizing special terms of the Supreme Court in the Fifthwas as to the manner of selecting delegates. Somemembers of the committee were in favor of the thousand conservative, law abiding, indus- had proceeded further wi*" *he war. He has Doyles fell by his hand. So says the widow,Senator Spinola, who made one of .his characteristic speeches in favor of its passage; after which progress was reported. This bill will, from its very nature, occupy considerable time of both branches of the Legislature. Iu final passage, however, 1 consider certain It will probably meet with more bitter opposition in the House than tbe Senate.Mr. P. P. Murphy offered in the Senate this morning tbe following resolution, which was adopted:—Resolved. That the Comptroller of this Etate be, aad he hi herebv, directed to furn'sh to this Bouse, as soon as practicable, a detailed statement of all the expeases watch have been made by the hwte, directly or indirectly, since the 1st day of Jan iaThe Bouse went into committee of the whole os the billto compel the attc ndance of witnesses before the CommonCouncils of cities, and to punish false swearing by sac* witnesses.Mr. Cooi'KR (rep ) moved to exempt the city of New York from the influence of the bill. He warned to know If it was intended to enable the Common Council of New York to bring James Gordon Bennett before them He thought that Council a corrupt and untrustworthy h o l y ,and he was not willing to give them powers of mveatiga•*••—'Messrs. Tucker, Jacques and Briggs spoke against any such exemption; that want of it was felt and needed no where so much aa In New York.• The amendment was withdraws,ani, after a long dis- cueaion, tbe bill was ordered to a third reading.BVKKfNG 8EK810N.The House resumed the cousiaeiation of bilis on gene-ral orders.Several bills were ordered to a thin1 reading, amongthem, that to amend section lib of the Code ef Procedure, which province that in a,uons for tbe foreclosure of mort- gages on real estate, nonce may be given to unknown parties in interer by the publication of a summons for six successive wee** in the State pap r, and one county paper where the mortgaged estate to located.Congreeaional district eyatem, while others advo- trious, honest citizens. Their strength in the not only succeeded in t. , object, but, by a cated the appointment of delegates by State Con- State of New York is overwhelming. They skilful series of diplomatic manoeuvres, he hasrentioa, and finally Urn latter j>lan was adopted by a vote of nine to foam ft was then agreed to heM a State Convention at Syracuse on the18th of April next, at eleven o'cloek A. M., for the selection of delegates to the Chicago Presidential Nominating Convention, and Mr. Seward waa declared to be **• choke of the republicans of Hew York for meT'resldeacy.The Supnrrae Court at Albany yesterday granted**^J*^^»c«itliniance of me injunction T^byJwd^WTladrtreatretatogtewi Hew York-who ought to know. Meantime, two importantwitnesses, Fred Douglass and Sanborn, have dis-appeared. Fred is being petted and fited bythe old dowagers of Exeter Hall, and SanbornIagrantingthemotie*tj» i ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ tileg* accorded this company aVVwamdton* i - L . dieted by the statute of 1*M. " " rdidate of the Charleston Democratic Conven-tion will be the individual around whom theywould be delighted. Meantime, we wish oar British cousins much joy over their acquisition of American exiles, white and black.The day express train from this city to **«««- will find it most expedient to rally; and, it isyesterday m» off the track near Pnhner, uadTZ. {urgent that they should lose no time, by delay,constitute the vast majority, as well as the pro-bity and intelligence of the community. It isno matter by what name, in politics, thoy have, ping the Pope of his temporalities. By his hitherto, designated" themselves. They are proposition of a Congress he has placed theunited firmly, decisively and forever—upon one point which is war to the knife againstsectional heresy. Mutual offences they can forgive and forget; but they will shrink from no sacrifices to elect to the Presidential chair, in the coming contest, a sound, national man,Pontiff under the necessity of either consent- ing to his own destitution or of accepting such terms at the handsnot testify, and Giddings and Redpath may as sume the same attitude as that taken by Hyatt The Committee will not, however, be deterred from the investigation bythe obstinacy of these persons, who are seeking the empty honors oftine eatabjtohmentof the port of Mew York.One of the railroad bills introduced by Mr. Cooper last evening was for a line commencing in Eighty sixth street and First avenue, with a double track to Eleventh street, thence along Eleventh street, with a stogie track, to Stuyvesant areet; thence along Stuyveeant, with a single track, to Third avenue: along Third avenue, with a double track, to Bowery, along Bowery to Canal street, along Canal street to Broad wav, returning by the same route to Sixth street, with a aiagle track to first avenue, aad thence along First avenue to the point or place of start-T?**^L$* «**»« «• »•* York who will guide the ship of State, with a firm of the political rights and pretensions of theof two things—either tell the truth, or elsefollow Sanborn and Douglass across the sea. ing, together with all the necessary switches. Sc , for theand YonkenBrJrroadOemr^Urnrnwiom to con- hand, oat of the breakers which menace its struct a railroad Urn*** mn wJIawIrfAi. l*~ destruction, it is most probable thai the can-To incorporate the Athenaeum Association of the city ofof tint cars was thrown down anman had both togs broken and died of his iajoriea. *sA fanaticism, which shall be signal and final, rity, menaced as it w by the spirit of internalReT.MeirwJswehawdeon.ofWorcester,Mrs.Ogden, and Mr. and Mr*.coaly iajenwd, smireceivedenemas**!BOOMhot the hrakeaua was^ctto^w.intowhichthedemocraticparty, disaffeetion anddiwontent;notSpain,forshe of New York, are at present di- quakes beneath the frown of her powerfulthiscityandits fellow conspirators had in contemplation, is knocked on thi head by the 1-egislature. who have taken all power out of thehandsof the Common Council,and from1 months.'Mr. Stilfon introduced a bill last evening loprerentthe sale and use of campbene or other explosive fluids for the purpose of light, which provides that "Any person seBtogor disposing of, in aayway.eamphene,or any other explosive tkuue, to be used for the purpose of hglit, hi any pla. e whatever, shall be liable to a fine of ten dol- lars for every offence. and every person buying or using such campbene, or other exploatve fluid, aha* be liable to a fine of live dollars for every such offence. Tue One col lected shall be paid to the overseers of the poor.'1 JubjtBr**mw*r<rwosTv*dwHki||lsnis and ka> good principle,crowoee. principally by ladiei, and alMon* ItBtatoawsssV MM* by th* Warden of the Tombs, ofthe plot of tto wfrilt rfrsAasj to efhet. tt*jfeft ITtptJDAt It &*;Untitled DocumentI* organizing themselves, to completely, as to •*«ure a victory over anti-slavery disunionismbullies, like halls, inhas as much as she can do to maintain her ewnequivocal position before Eorope, To themanwho has accomplished all thi. s*«*jtas*j,perseveringly and determinedly, is there notsomething more than ordinary honors due? with the Common Council, and too good s the republican Senators, inviting them to his residenceThere are no signs of the tteasmhlp America, now te her seventeenth day from Liverpool. Th* news despatch tor th* press, oa her arrival, will be tranamtttod over the Nova Scotia hoe to Amherst, and thence be expressed te SaakTille, a dtotance of only five miles, which win ensure great premptttode to Us detivsry to the press throughout the United StatesI n i e n M e e t i n s ; a t P h i l a d e l p h i a . PHrxAisspsu, Jea. St, 1*6*Thn evening s Jnu as! frnWnhns a call for a grand mast jfiCCtSr;«« Sxtur-i*; sSjbi nesi, to orpc^e a jartj to hademagogues, like those omBj. ABV moiart HallGov. Morgan sent this morning a private note to all efeffete, mercenary and •re either rowdies andneighbor: and certainly not Naples, for sheLets*which she has turned to such evil account bythe national citizens of this metropolis.committee be appointed, composed of one hun-dred— more or less—of the leading merchants, and the enslavement of a brave and generous may have an opportunity of remitting theincendiary,"teiests of the new organization and "disturberofthepeaceofinnocentfamilies."ashall be to watch, night and day, over the in-wrapper—thoughopentoeveryonetoread- thenextgeneraltermhiMarchshall in future be charged letter postage. Bon JoannaB.Giddingslatse* throe** this cay te night on hfe way to W a g i n g * * , to testify before the Har-This obstacle to the free distribution of the per 8 Ferry Investigating QPSBsanlee,of rational ideas, and as it will abate none of the Feejee Islands, St Petersburg, Rome,tion Be thought it the only made of electing a su-sag Ctlegaticnuses of which have passed away from men's nent black republicans, and failed utterly be-What wonder is it, then, that in this changedcondition of Catholic sentiment, and with thespectacle before him of a brave, a gallant and worked a great deal of mischief, and it is the an intellectual people suffering rank injusticenumber of a public nature considered ia the House wasone to compel the attendance of witnesses before committeos of Common Councils of cities, aad other publicmunicipal bodies, and to punish false swearing by such School law of New York city. It provides that the trua witnesses; also, one to amend an act for the incorporationof companies formed to navigate the lakes and rivers, tees shall hereafter be appointed by the Board of Superenlisted the support of the Protestant Powersof Europe in the somewhat deacate task of strip-of hisaccord him.same—the complete and entire extinguishmentsubjectsThe result In either case Is theas theychoose toPope, now and forever. Te Italy he has given that for which she has been* yearning for so many centuries—a national existence and on independence fortified by the lessons she has learned and the sacrifices that she has made. Who will dare quarrel with the eolation thus given to the Italian and Papal questions: Not Austria, for she trembles for her own integ-prober woiking and accommodation of the road.If they would only stay abroad every one here Mr. Uover's bill to reduce the percentage on all loans New York.using them for the encouragement of despotismserves '• to be consigned to the darkest cell ofsuch a cause, to the city of New York?—and a penitentiary dungeon for the remainder of his pursued in France and other European coun- M e e t t a g o f t h e H e wlet them flood the entire North with newspapers••.31 the last meeting, came np for reconsideration, which shall counteract the poison of Helper's the obscene outpourings against the HERALD ofState ( rattral Caansnittee.dered, will nave become a matter of past his- tory, by this time next year.diatribes of the scribes of the Albany Regency, who are too mercenary and mean to be gene- rous even of abuse.country.The prohibition of Mr. Holt in this respect isa matter of very little importance to us, forwe shall only be compelled to send a circular 1 James Kelly, Chairman, called them to order, aad" very latest" by the nextracy of our statements is almost invariably cor-way freight. They have not yet gone through with the entire details of the bill.Resolved ttf On Senate soaear) 1 hat the people of the State be no ooubt as to whom they would be for, acd theyno matter from what part of the world it may have been obtained.That is, if it is obtained from the world at all! Who knows but the HBBALD may have employed, for the general benefit of civiliza- tion, a whole battalion of Satanic volunteers, who, circling the earth with greater speed thanThere is a fair prospect of no small amount of ban-combe in the Assembly this winter. We have now aseries of resolutions on both sides of tbe question. The tion was the best mode to secure harmony with the na- following are those offered by Mr. Calicott last evening:— tional relegates. By an election in that torm there wouldNaples, Copenhagen and Rio Janeiro, bulletinsMessrs Dod, Fitzhugh, Richards and Wells also spokefully concocted plot, well prepared before-duty of the government to collect all the factspassed April 16,1854. It was amended, under motion of Mr. Jacques, so as not to in any way authorize the for- mation of any ferry companies, or to affect any now in operation in the city of New York or any other city ofvisors on the nomination of tbe Corporation Counsel. The trustees so appointed shall be citizens of tbe Unites States, and shall have been residents of tne city of New York for at least three years next preceding their appointment, aadand act, who are their accessories, and what prominent men, Senators it may be, have been guilty of misprision of treason.The detailed accu-So far the Committee has done its duty DO doubt settle that pointThe Albany and Susquehanna bill waa up agate in themen of the Protestant Episcopal church, by allowing taent to hold real estate to the amount of two hundred thousandis supposed to be on the sea. Hyatt says he will ry, 1&7, In connection with UMeftort or for the purpose of re moving protecting and temporarily providing tor the Quaran-sixpenny martyrdom.They had better do one| the property owners, as to city railroads, and I vcstoCtise power solely in themselves. They to the conclusion, with the aid of the lobby, that ft was too good s t u n g to leaveKON-ABBJVALOF THE AMEBIC A. HALIFAX. Jan. Sl-8 P. M.Holt, has discovered that this is in contraven-tionotthePostOfficelaw,anddeclaresthat argunent,JorgeGouldstatedthatthegrantgiventantion of newspapers, at this day the most im- Gov. Morgan was called upon to state what he knewThe Committee on Pro Rata have bad a private sessionResolved (It the Senate concur), That we reecgrise the abso-lute sovereignty of the several States in regard to their internaladministration, and their eouality in all respects In the confederacy, and that it is the duty of the federal government tomaintain those nghta by all tfce means at Its eomaaad, aod of at tome length m favor of the election by con each htate to p»event the forcible invasion of its sister otetes, vettion, arguing that it was the only mode to and to pum.-h all persons participating is or aiding or abettingTO TBE CHICAGO CONVENTION THE CONVKNriO* SYSTEM Al OPTEn—THE STATE CONAENT/ON TO S S BKLI. A * ATTRACTS* Ot* TBE 1*TB OP Ai'KiL — SEW- ARD TBE FAVORITE FOK TBE PBE«1DCKCY, ETC.U-W1AL DAW-ATI II t o TWl RSBAUi AuusT.Jaa. SI, IMS.Mr. Maoierre also spoke at some length in favor of the Ootigressi sal district system. He wanted the election ef Delegates to come directly from tbe people; and as far as he knew the fee-hng of the people, they were to favor of that mode. «Mr Kelly, tbe Chairman, paid he believed the conven-Mr. SPiMOL* (dem.) noticed a bill to amend the act for improving the breed of horses.Mr. MAMXRKE introduced a bill to amend the (ommaa •e may add. of popular tttttom.If Chnrlc- ments,.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069numbtr of affidavits sent to him, showing the character 9f one gf hn »rruitves is no enviable if*,, and,fee wfefc'www.fultonhistory.com 