 i 1those appointed to; also, further to In-the child that would not have been ready to resist It^n. Let us look toe danger squareTkeHarper's Fen^ Trials.18 TO BigiThe Convention reassembleddispatching some unimportant business proceeded to the appointment of delegates at large to the Charleston'making'ItremovesthegreatestdangertoDr.Gwntweapon aboutbut if totemperate jMsslon, shall bd adopted, all will be lost. Rum must ensue.*«BIcetleB af Delegates at I,arse t* tke Ckmrlea-tan ConTCBtioD—8peeck at Mayar Waad— vi ft anKU * But you will say we set our slaves fn9, meet toe issae presented bv toe oPP««"','^ ^^f'"! HAZWTT BKTOU TBI OOlnWB—DOUBTS^J|%e 11?Deficiencyinfluence the legislation of Congress, or any elec- tions in the States or Teiritoriea, and whether any and what sums of money are paid, or required t* be paid, by persona holding offices of trust and prvflt, as contributions inWedld, by gradsal emancipation. ButwIieB? When rally the ustlonil men of the country. Let us erect CaBaadarci Taaderhllt afllcrs a gteaner toey ceased to be profitable. When no money could a purely national party based upon national princi-||?iMpect~great variety prevail."must necessarily.not meet istiilChicago June. rLaughter.lIas have deseribed—has flown toe dogmas uponto toe sectional conflict : impendtogPost-Ofllcethe Scaate.- for office here, ^sappointed applicants~wasand live, as toeprepartog to do, upon the=^aibe|feto^l0fkFEBRUARY 180Q. NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY, 8,THE STRJkCCSE CONTENTION.Toi.. El—IfFROM WASHINGTON.PRICE TWONEWS BY TELEG&APa_ Imlil Dlapatck to th« ir«w-T»rt TinM..wito toe slave men heretofore to no way connected with issues on ratoer dark, toough K ^bas theFeb. »."m^ attempt made in the Senate to-daj to antcod ~ilka Poet-office Appropriation bill, earned great"• 4^»tkm here. The Printing InreetlgatingMr. Wnsiu. befon.A* 4taate for rcfiutaig to answer the qnesUoa a»^ fjhat partlealar porpox* >>< >PPUed the large tmrnat moseyheprofeaaeatohavespentInthePenMjrt* ««nia Elections. Mr, Wmsiu. contends this is feki^ttmtt bosineBS, and declines answering.report byt**«B Claims, r^wTtod several private bills which elected, namely: Fernando Wood, John A. Green, themselves highepreotpnlaen toe appreciation of a prtoci- followers of toe Anti-Slavery fiend nowjstnlktog abroad.-^ WiBmreioR, Tnesdaf,Mice eentemplate bringingr.objectedto thepablicatien.toy to the laboring men of otoer States.But, my friends, if it be true that Slavery is an evil,heresies or Abolition procilvitlea. That, truely repte- senttog toose who have selected us as their agenta to tbe coming National ConventioB nowi as heretofore, there Is no adraUtare of baser metal to our poliUcatol composition. We are, toerefore, quite preparedforty, but aU wlU not be examtoed.Terrfbie A&ir la Keatsdcy.. A DOZU HagCIS BLOWH UP WHBHaxwssvilui,Ky.,Tueaday.Pah,?.<i3|Vr. FiBSUSss, of Maine, (Rep.) apposed «atkorixed by Congress.Mr. H. A. Datidbob DimcAS & Baoraxss, to thishas taken place, which may be far- aMked In ten days.becomeJudge evening,Ihgibsoll,of the°s«ipondenceof toosefruitful to wealto consideration. For toe first time there is but one is-OaUfomia,Is gratifying to Dr. Gwni,thoughunoz-to be governed by laws altogetoer of toeir own crea-to infer toat toe former is toe dreadfulpout, to attempting to arrest bla sset resistance. He shot Waixxs dead, and also fstaltyfMted.Mr. Toous, of Georgia, (Dem.,) moved an amend-advantages,CBce has decided that land grants may be located r small streams and shallow lakes, but In such in- nces the surface with water must be included inA*jraatoaatmw^nna.SaaMorewn deeigna tntrodaelnga bUJ, to allowfoiBed the service, in the benefits of the bill. Adopted. Mr. HuNTsa moved to reconsider, on the ground that the Dei>artment did not know the sub-contractors.Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) thought the unitydisintegrated Republicandestroyed,aMie.CENTS.of the Extinction of the Franking Privilege.sup- port of ctacUons, aad to inquire whether ike power and patronage are used by heads of depart- oits over siAwrdinates, mechanics and eontractors.trtoe of non-interference in anyform In which itmaytesttoony wss cooclnslvely to thepoint toat HasorPresident, excluding the Army and Navy, but in- cluding such as are under the control of the heads of departments, and the amount paid tosuch olBcesBUI in quire whather any powier and patronage areexertedtowould we have taid if Engtand, through Iter Cana- t on presente Itael/. This hi toe only '«»Jf,^,S^„5,«tfae farther consideration of the ff0A the Republicans have iriven away eTcrything to pMtponed.compBdn •^Mr eDcmies, and they threaten rebellion at hom^Mnallysubject^•'q^e Secretary of Warracyand honorable trust. Such a position is always onesimsisul Smxnr beeasMafUsaat the power to do »o.tagonistic elemenW fearfully confUctto^—view,by its toterpoeition toe premon-Mlh diplomacyCongress flBds with the refusal to pay.If Anti-Slavery and Prance, and the EnglandNorthern States of America were to combine in toewas sent to arouse;i'who has beenVermont, before flie Seaate la-II'repliedihe Postmaster- (General is com-everywimianpreparedto defend herselfIjorders, faggotof His lA>rdBhlp's note. askster-General did not pledge the Government to pay TheelectionofGov.LaisahtotheSenate,banitetorest.Congressalloweditinlieuofdamages.John W. Waxkeb, overseer, shot Jom Owzag^Asd also tbc allowasec made to contractors of |)U«s and tbose emptoyed to purchase Government sttM, vesKls, engines, *c, transporutton of stores, *m andto-day, and aftermaster to his who norse,with eltoer of the adverse factions to which I haveIfr. Htnnxn moved to postpone prior orders and laksnpthePost-OSceDeficiencyBill. Adopted.merchants and mechanics cease to barter in merchan-dise for toe Soutoera trade; and why, indeed, doesnot toe whole Black Republican party of tiie North the designs of toe leaders of the Republican Party.and Wh. Bsmim, some of toem Mr. mortally.Datisbok was also mortally wounded. It isstill holds the case of Utjur'"'Aam UBder adrlsement The sentence of the oovt- The £ist amendment made the Committee on Fi- der the circumstances which surround us and toe>ne ^bill was taken up and read. byto but un- ofgravemoment thepeoplerepresented,Men who had voted that witoout mechanically ticket,that he totended to kill Mr..execute toeir doctrtoes toe non-con- practically by'krtial la understood to be "dismissal;" but the nance was to make prevision for wrapping paper, mall questions to be determined by the Convention to;MRtenee will not be approved by the President.The State Department denies any intention to ! the Lobos Islands as indenml'y for elaims against. The Exeentlve branch of the Gorerament has The Prestdent's power ends has to act, or the caaaInformation received at the Sardinian and French Rations intimatfs the Pope's acceptance of N^sro-jBra'i proposition to relinquish certain Provinces, V3>lapatehea to our Government give assoraaaaa ^t Mr. Maibiw'b report on Mexico will lead to » meognltion of the Constitutional Government by""Vhe rights of naturalixed citizens are again befsn flft Cabinet on a case from Ohio. An interesting oor-paper, «c. It was agreed to.The second amendment was to the third section,isovidlng that interest should duly be paid to con- tractors themselves, and be in full for all claim for damages, and providing that no interest is to be al- Iswad on the last quarter.Mr. Bunnx said it gave the interest to the coatrac- tais'ln lieu of damages.wiiicb we have been elected, renders my duty the more arduous and responsible. I shall fill it as t)est 1 can, relying upon your counsels and suppori to make my office profitable to toe National Democracy of toe Empire State and toe nation.SaataFe Bfail.IimRxirazitcs, Tuesday, Fek 7.dtat ThePostmaster-General goesoncon-confinea to toe adventurous and toe reckless now ex- ists to every household and actuates every inhabi- tant. There is but one feeltog, but one determina-beautiful sa- I will not attempt adone but to two By toe ways.contest presented a similar issue or involved a similarof Secretary Cits to Lord Jam trasts just as though Congress had made an appro- :condition.to be rheamattsm of the stomnek.AcBUSTA, Ga.. Tuesday,^Tbe rejoindersaeiu. is nearly ready for delivery. It is veryCrere in tone, but appears to be justified bv the teou psUed by law to make these contracts. The Post; insurrection at home, and against white aggressiondescilpticntoe sitoation of toe South whennever before weresupposedpriatien.Mr. Homnxand against negroAfter further debate aad trifling modification, the dment was adopted.prevail,Sheriff, witoaItlection. The Commissioner- General of the Ijorf mtt to include sub-contractors, who actoally per- eacape from toe tosolent Interferences of toese com- munities and States wiiich had formed wito toem aconntry must t>ecome all free or all slave fore, to accomplish such a result, Nortoemamendmenteminentlyjust andMr. Toombs said he wanted those who did the workdisttocOyavowedbytoeirleadersontoeoccasionof andw"i"tovehement apptause.Samuel G. Fernando majority a Democratic gato of SOD over the role of_ments by toe folly and wickedness of man.And now my friends why is this ? Whence toe ori- gin of toese lamentable internal commotions ? 'To what cause may t>e traced antagonisms pregnant wito such dreadnil consequences ? it is an mvidious 'Istereatiiig aoconnts of the war in Morocco Messrs, Ricx, of Minnesota, (Dem.,) and Fitch, op- task to attempt to place responsibility for crime.Courtoey,pniaiitions <m ansiUTeyed lands in Callforola.to get the money. He did not want to give it to those whoiprowled about the Department and got the oon-Q.than myself had assumed the duty of speaking out boldly of, and polntmg to the '«e;o«0'Moora at the battle of Castellegoe. Col. Tas- Mr. DoouTTUB, of Wisconsin, (Rep.,) said the causes which have brought' our noble countrv to toeUnion, in whicto a conflict of opinion must necessari- ly prevail:"We are one people, and I trust in Heaven we shallever remain so. There will always be, in a free countrylike ours, diversities of opinion, different views, and a of toe Charleston delegation.Deatk af an Emlaent ClergyBBa.WnsHDioros, Feb. 7. Tuesday,The Charleston Courier, of Saturday, lecords the deato of Rev. Cbaksoss Wauacs, fbraserly ofan emmentNew-England, Episcopal Clergyman.Fram Ae Aaaoeiated Freaa. WAsmaaTOK, Monday, Feb. 5.tnsts, work.and sublet them to honestmen,who did thehavebeen received here. It is stated that there were posed the amendment.A statement was made thatCommodore Vajoixb-*or tbe America.Fob. 7. The Boyal Hail steamship America, will sail for Liverpool at noon to-morrow. The mails will closeUULt-about thirty years of age, a younger brother of amendment would give the Department endless precipice on which itplained, when a voice was heard,Harper's Ferry ?" '^"ike Spanish Minister at Washington, dlstingnished trouble in deciding on the coitflictlng claims of con- When 1 first entered public life, twenty years ago, as a member of Congress, we had great oomestic na-delegationning expenses only.BosTos, Tuesday,Mmaetf greatly at the head of his regiment of Hus- tractors and sub-contractors. The contractor was the tional issues. The nation was divided mto twoiiyFive toousand copies of toe proceedtogs of the last State Convention were ordered to be prmted.After otoer busmess, toe Convention adjournedN«w-YoTk Hiatorieal Bedety.sars, and was wounded in the engagnnent. Most ofIks high officers of the Spanish army are young men.Tke aiuij iiMi bc<jn 4>bstruded in its operations and failed to do so.KepubilcaD institutions, chat theresuffered much frem constant rains. Spain Is prose- cBttng the war with vigor, and wUl have before long a force of 80,00amen in Morocco.;aays,manulactortog inieresta, ;proper con- putalicans,scouted toe Idea ofdissolutloD. He ex-man who suffered the damagepar- binways belongshe had furaished the means to carry on the service when ths Governmenttomust be a great variety of public opinion upon ail ques-;The amendment was reconsidered.The amendment was then rejected— ayes, 17 30.ties, each led. It was true, by waritogeach truly national, conservative and pBtrioiic. Theissues were those appertaining to practical questiona toe strengto of our Institatlons depenls upon love of tine die. of governmental policy. They referred to toe Impor- country."^tant questions of finance, of commercial, navigating Mr. SHsaMAK, the first csnrtldsle of tlie Black Ra-andduct of our foreign affairsat 9 o'clock to-morrowmoming,In contemplation formally to irrvite the New-York honest debts of the conreived an Goverrunent, and the Senate prospects,drawings, comprising atabout$3,000.volumes,State of New-York at toeOdxll &iniquitous abstraction by which to regain lost partisan power or destroy toe Government, to the detriment of all otoers. In an evil hour{an eminent, though disappomted, man was appointed Capt. Dahliso his first, and Iea Goodisow Mr. Toombs said the mail contractors had no more induced to lit-ttn to toe msidious advocates of thisofClaso, toSeventh Hegiinect to participate la the ceremonies. should not embarrass action The Doorkeeper of the House, Mr. Makstih, has not germane thereto.by introducing subjectsbylie, too, declareshissecondassistant. Theser. Masstxii, to-day, was pursued by hundreds of im- pertonate men and boys.; County uponThe President hasFallow as C<asnl-(ieneral for the (say at NeW-York.Fkahciscothe Charleston Convention, and the Democrats wouldAnd tous was laid toe egg from wliich was producedthe so-called Republican party of From toe to-day.Mr.comprismg the nortoemmost section of Centralgentlemen principal station,claim than any other class of the public creditors.tl,8(H),000 per aimum, ought to be abolished. It was not proper that members who wrote to constituents on public business should bear the burden themselves. Let thetoeory.;It is said that only four or five of theeaidoyes under the Clerk will be retained by him.non-political element which, under his experienced guide, might become profitable and available in con- trolltog toe numerical power of the Government.Wito humiliation I admit that our State was se- lected as toe toeatre, and our own previously-trustedof the rights and liberties cf the whole people, toere are eighteen millions of people in tbe Nortoem Free States that are determtoed to preserve it."And what are the means Mr. Hicemak would em-and from the Cohinibian of toe same date. A resolu-of toanks to Mr. Clihioh for his valuabletion dona-tion was toen unanimously adopted."The paper of the eventog was read by Hon. E.Geobgb SqtTBB. His subject was annotmced to beJacob Storms, and Samuel Regua, good and lafwful men of said County, who being duly swom or af- firmed ,and charged to toquire on the part of the people toto all toe circumstances toe deato of theor more was aaderisto fourteen in the yearsThe subject of dismissals and considerationto-day. Thenumt>erof SMre than usually large.champion..America at the Era of the Discoveiy," but for somesay upon their oatos and affirmations aforesaid, toat toe said William J. Cos; came to ills deato from tojuriesfor away and stealing two negroes from tliis DistrictMr. Sdcmorb, of Rhode Island, (Rep.,) opposed thatoe interior of back to the curveCharleston. He will leave for Richmond to-morrow. Judge Rowia, of Tennessee, has l>een appointed Treasurer of the United States. He receives the awanimous indorsement of the Democratic members•f Congress from that State.licch Interest is manifested in regard to Printermerit,origtoally:changeof theofthe"niiisic would be better fitted for the cymbal-the AtUt, and Mr. CooicBS,«f the Jte.Washington Reput-placeregion of religious subjects, bis limitations would toe Coroner, have to this Inqoisttlon set otir handsThree ballots were taken, and on the last Mr.My friends, toe time nas arrived when toe Norto (he bones and muscles of toe laborer."Leavtog, toen, toe consideration of toe TerritoriesTWdte wltb Mrs. Bailst in the publication .of the Na- '^anal Ert.Asiother Conference will be held ••'dock.three-cent postage was established in IBil, it was pro- vided that the mail service should not be reduced. The consequence was, that the Postmaster-General hod unlimited discretion, and could, if he chose, to-crease the to orexpenses twenty thirty sallllons. Mr.CoLLAHss moved aa amendmeiit the of repealing acta18i? and I8S1, appropriating $700,000 annually for the ase of the Post-office Deparbneattbe capital that owns it has caused this long struggle in Congress, and to- day shakes the political e^ment of the Republic."Macaulav his but we must remember that noAyres, Benson Ferris, Jr., Jacob Stonn.Col. FosaxT's batch of Made for a week to came. m«>ntng for.Phlladelphla.fearful abyss ready to swallow up all our great whetoer the people residing on toe bor-soughtThi-PreisideBt sent a torsiBg the joint lesoluiionHe wanted the whole system out. wipedAfter furtherCoLLAMsa and Hads ofpated, a vote was taken on Mr. Tscmbull's motian to take outt-he proviso, and it was rejected by yeas 24,whetoer toe handfoi of adveaturers toe inhabitingTerritories of Kansas and Nebraska shall have orAmericans, liberty regulated by law, and lawthe lsst«ssionb«rsn« obstructions at the mouih(Dem.,)conttouance of toe Union in aassumption designmightcamehereas and are thus ac-HewastoldPuritanism to toe Norto toat could be aroused to—candidates for thecssamodated. There is irild excitement for places. This privilege, which costo theOdell, Childs,thirtytopl**oy prteoservetoe Union ?to-night, my fellow-citizens, toat if itattendtogsaid WiLUAH J. Cost, and to what manner and wbaaappointments applicantsJohn Bbowk aad seventeen men ami one cow, it will atleast require more than the fifteen feeble States of theSouto t* successfully compete with the eigbtven mighty After alludmg to the early explorations in this re- received by a coUision on the Hudson River Railroad, States of toe Korth."recognized Ensign RepublicSqdiekHicEMAH. He draws toe itoe strictly, and seems to America—imderstandtog by toe term toat portion of son. Conductor of the Exprete Train, dtterva ttvere;toe brakeman, is highlyof Dra- The Criminal Court has sentenced Wiluah Botbhave benefits not theenjoyed by Republicans, who do Buffalo treason—conceived, applied and promulgated;Penitentiary* Gov. LsTCHBE IS' -in the city, on his return from Ifthe proposition had so muchthird,portionto-mo.-row, appointments will not beStaten lalaad.rights of toe cabto boy and toe eaptato. The appa- force, and totended as a means of carrying on toe antagonistic. He to bring toe old Democratic Death or a Bxtubnsd Cautosbiah. CoroaarmOOEEDINOS OF CONGRESS.SENATE.Waskwoiob, Tuesday, Feb. 7.are bereft ofto memtwrs on provided our own great national interests arehang tbose who dissent at toe toe Souto to submit by force.North,andto compelHe did not believe to each man's taking to himselflobe a Judge and a General, possessing boto execu-tive and -And were he alive he judicial powers.eulogist tApplause.lSAr, a passenger per lV<>rtA<ni Iiifkt, from Asptowall.who had returned from CaUfomiafor his wits sadfamily. that of toe brato Thejuryfound congestionwas the cause of Mr. MtmaAr's death.requestedHe leaves to-morrowofBlack Republicans, and to pursuing it they threaten toEnglandHcLzvooB,County,message to the Senate re- passed on the last day of appropriating money for removing thetion itself is not an erti ?we believe manointed bv liberty. [Applause. ]believed the mind of Thomas BABraoTOK Macaclat have ticen consecrated.Mr. aaimOHi), of South CaroUna, lutro- nays 12. (Dem.,)And If, therefore, tUs Tetrritorial question is not hostility to its It is to be existence anywhere.libertyasgards^^.H, J. HAOrsmz, appropriating $6,009, Adopted.Mr. HAMitOKB intraduced a joint resolution hu-thoriiing Coaimodore SacBUes to accept a sword from DaQoixA. Adopted.clock. Carried. TheSenatetoenwentintoExecntiresession. Adjourned.Thebyoperation of toe law. Thiscan suitable resolutions commemorative of theSSrtSie^ecflSrTSf"toJ^ffloTye"4r5s/^!li£^ great Eng- ed by assenting to toe request preferred, utodtraMuof iLe Mississippi.tility against spreading it to the Territories is reallybey, but wherever trae hearts beat to love ofand order. [Applause.] Dr. O.ooon toerefore move-dto it by toe annual appropriationsseveral years past, and which the Cpmmisalooer re-Mr. Huima, ofbill with amendments, andGwiH, of California, (Dem.,) introduced a bill land, atraycd inDivision, with instractfamswkfr. the"P^ciseo.lengto portrait royal robes,all toe accusations, unfounded and as country rehearses what existed to toe latter of devolving extravagant partT^Deficiencygood er evilnot of our concern. Admitting larly toe present attitude of this question and of this duties on them as Commissioners of PoliceMl. Sacubc.y Of aaeabnenu to Mr. of a devotlOB to thefor aincludtogpublican Party of to-day. todeed,mediate of the Interior. In direction of toe SecretaryKilled.Mr. WMOS,*fconstitutional, he would beto do all to his power, cheerfuUy,eng^e.iTlrglaia,(Dem..) introduced theStates. There the Constitution protccta it. It is a fanaticism, are to be toe tostruments by which toese matter exclusiveiy of state jurisdiction; whetoer pkilantkTopic results are to be obtatoed. How stogu-culturalto report atPost-olEcenotice that he woula call it up aftor the morning hour. nishes a fullonceto toe Commissioner, to order that he be saayrelease of payments for the town site of San Iron DukeReferred.°^ ^^t^i^, (Den.,) moved that whenten years toe massacre at St. in an precedtog Domingo,principles,applied to negro servitudeby him, under thebe directed of toe Commissioner of.kTl^L^i""'\a-^ aftoumi:, it adjourn to meet at I o'cloct Adopted.ly enhaneeHeaven. determine what speeies labor toey.chall employ. If it be to accordance wito1790, Abolition Party existed m France, liased up- on toe same advocating toe same doc-and autoorized stltotionailty of toe law just passed, herauflKKltyshall wto devolve managemenutnder toe Im-Dela»^e, (Dem.,) introduced D„,.. resol^iioni, expressive Union, &c. Ordered to bemonthly^^^^}". ^**«'PeARAKCg OP THI COMIT 07 pulses as would be toe people of toe Norto under high priest of Black Republican Abolitionism, eulo-He furtoer said, toat when toe case was brought to an issue, and inMassachusetts. (Rep.., introduced RitoivU, That a Committee be appointed to inaulre1556.—Prof.lectures before thegreat comet of 15S«, which caused the abdication of ance. wHl and wo betide that the honors of have been provisions. Wto out ite therein, and especiaUym carryTillott has declined to set operations.—Coiutif!'"''''!the foilowingiThey punish toterference,highest martyrdomr. Colsmanand it is sidd that Ibssrs. Jonatoan Meredito, Witoam Pnce, WiUiain Schleyhato the extent of the power andPresident of the UnitodSffiesln theand appoinCaent to office, and report the numSjV^ •Sees of trust and profit under the control of theAlexander are to undertake thecarryingUnion,not to contemplattog it lose sight of toe just responsi-for kotat 12man isWhat was toe sphere of Macaclat ? He was a man of mediocrity. He strove to unite prtoclples sadlyNow was the best timepersons ence pay for it.who are benefitedby the correspond-Van Buxsh. was chosen the leader of this hellish plot by which Ai)olitionlsm was first warmed into partisan bemg and now used as an infernal ma-l^say iyouwill require the State of virKinia inarms to take Old*and where the said Coxr came to his do deato,Itself through.there who shall dissent from the policy which it will toen become oar duty to pursue, we will first hang bin as a traitor, and then attend to the traitors South.''Mr. Gaow, anotoer prominent Republican, toformstion toat here was a new field for toe adventurer, more attractive than toe snows of toe Poles, or toe sands of Africa.out count of the"of toe otoer speakers mean. He tells us the conflictpayvariety of opinionsandlaws $700,000if toe present condition of our public a&lrs can be traced more directly to toe teachings of a Sxwakd and atGxnnijias, yet how much more should toe country hold to a rigid accountability toose who origtoally created and applied to partisan purposes theproper.an ovation to Mr. PiHiniGioic, on toe 2d occasionalburstsof— last October.to get this refqrm through. Departmentnow exists, and which is conservative and preservative this, extracts were read from the Post of Jan. 2, 1816, 0. Ferris, Jr., William Chalmers, James fi. Ayras,anp-declintogreferred, be excluded from our confidence and com-that ittials which are necessary to make a nationMr. Chssthct, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) thought it free and happy, are tons distracted and nearly de-tog for escort.No Indians were seenbythisdM great iajustice to assignees.Mr. Hunni said the latter eomid hare their claimsstroyed?In toe Ncrtoem States domestic commercial inter-ests are drooping. A pervading spirit of fear, doubt,rice, bow long would it take to abolish Slavery tomayfore, agato hope toat the same hand will be extendedweatoer cold. totenselys4]adlcatedand is manifested. distrust,-Mr. Hals, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) wanted to wito horror, of toe probable approach of toe Impend- toe Norto, toto toe emancipation of their slaves. It those candidates will redound to toe glory or toe togs below. ^^^^^^in Conrt. What was wanted was to cleardroopanddieundersuchawito-But, my friends,wearetotkeOkiaRlrer.tlM Vnlted States of any claim for damages, and paytta* iBtereat to those only who could release the Gov-emaent.Capitalists tisoidly shrlnlttog from active participation to the pursuits of men. Patriotic hearts beat quickly and feverishly, and for toe first time stoce toe establishment of toe Federal Government good men talk seriously, yetAt this river is to fine200 miles belowPittsburgh, thewhether the interest was confined to tfae defid- of last year.Mr. HcitTU said yes.Mr. Hals thought this would set a dangerous prece- spirit of armed resistance wliich but yesterday wasassembledIke PostHjffice bill the Senate to- the franking privilege after the 1st of but that extended empire, however much men differed upon comes. A Republican Speacer is elected and toe peoplelaoident to the unexpected delay of the passage of Appropriation byMay,all persons now entitled to the privilege are exemptedthese topics, toey were unanimeus to uphoidtog the rejoice. A Kepublican Speakerand atoclts^^^^^iy BlBckaaHan.~day, ovring to the discussion of the Franking priv-is electedpublic honor, toe public faith, and protecttog from as- advance. A Republican Speaker is elected and cottonTBIEUTE TO THS MEHOBT OFMACAULAT.in theThe third amendment provides for the abolltton of wisdom of Congress representing every portion of ourtriumphis wortoe?£Ven cents a pound and upward, aoo may it otoer's constituents. advance higher A Republican Spealter is elected and No man was found bold enough to advocate a totory slave propel ty remains toe same in value. A Kepubli- passage of the bill as it came from the House. If this had no business there. A difference of opinion on which struck at toe homes and toe firesides of women can Speaker is elected and the Union is sa^e. So it willand ciiildren. No demagogue was found fool enougha memorial is in circulation tiiisasMBg the mail contractors now here, praying for thefrom the prepayment ofMr. Hahus, of Maine, (Rep.,) said the amendmentsault toe domestic of each rightsAt theof theilege,eveningpostage.Historical Soci-Mr. Hals moved to amend by changing the time toApril. If it extended to 1st of May, it would be after chine threatening the destruction of the country.privateproposeddivided it into three the first on toe 18th day of January, 1860, between Sing SingMr. Toombs accepted the amendment.improperly introduced.itmight carry Mr. CoLLAxix, of Vemont, (Rep.,) said there werewhich has been erected the Blackof toe North; and however odious and dangerous it is to toe peace and continuance oi the let usglory" Nor is there a divided South, for I tell you, whetherlagamendment, as been havingculpabletoePost-Office Department oa ac-of free amendment passed, those laws stillspecialrequiring to theTreasury Department toOsooontransportationconference, to-niglit, of those Treasury would not be relieved. The wasis"as to an element of political economy and toe•f the HouEe. Thewho voted for PxHaiaoTOH, was called to determine tha;^ question.Mr. Wasbbcxh, of Illinois, presided, and Mr. Col- TAZ-wastfae Secretary.fallen angel, who was toe autoor of all evil, so issystems of labor existing in this country;" and again, adopted.The reverend gentleman toen offered a few remarks:speech uponsubjectone requiring preparation and examination, and Mabtih Vas Bdban and his adherentsalmost in the language of Mr. Sswabs's Rochester MACAtiAt. He deemed it not out o place forare ezentpt toe rules aitd regula- so sadouRlit to l>e con.slderedMr. Davis advocated the adopUon of the aiaend-ment row. They could tlien go on and the perfectble withpay Thequestionofthedayis,whethertoemenwho wasnotoneofitsmembers,forhewasamemberof;policythe Territories of this Union free from thethat contact with Stav..Ty everywhere brlnKM free labor, or wl.ether are upoDtinient. Hisand secondly, aseminated their into poisonties of the North,ttog the principles, until to'egrity and have almost alike disappeared from each.be on all placedby itself.safetyablyof an abusethe administering departaent The abuse of theprivilege was is the burdening of the mails wlt^ a large mass of dseonents. \botoof politiciansal means of security toat toe flagmenMr. CoLLAMiK explained, that previous to 18(1 tkeMiTOBZu. received the highest vote, butthii was not Postmaster-General was limited in eat con- country. It most be national to all respects.stii' be acknowledged. The Friends would not grant-aonclusive. If elected it is Mr. Mitchsll'-s design to tracts by the receipts of the Department. But when sion of territorial:O. WatsonMr. Tedmbull saidbustoess could Inclose stamps. He pointed out theabuses likely tosfise from the adoption of a provisoexempting members from the payment of postage. common is to beAnd to this conclusion are we driven. The se- quence ofall this Territorial agitation comes at lastthisis filled wito Instructive read- Government over toe question of Slavery to tlie sacre incited, and Nortoem encouraged protected byCoMMissioaSRS.—Messrs. Charles William Howard,magazineing, judtoiously culled from ttiepersons writingof Joan Bbowb, to toe Old WorldForeign Mag- gave axtoes. As embellishmenta, Mr. Uastaih fur-11. GatcheU, Charles D. Hlnks and John W. Davis,on Monday, took toeir oaths to fulfill, faitofullv, toe enabled to familiarize himself with the aflhlrs to-ample material in the of iU editors handswereviolated,ofsummary this character.rather than hasten tills result. Theof the South are actuated by toe same im-so faitoful is toat. but last week, Wxhdiu. Paiiups, thethis case was a matter of Uigation. toe event of toe Courts deciding thataccordance wito toese arrangements, Mr. uluso^ toe taw was yesterdsy entered upon toe P«'U'^';^i""" ^i.-;to which Messrs.It is assumed to be an evU. agatost toe laws of God and man, and It is upon this toat toe is todebate, California,Toombs, participa-It is declared to beAnd to toat Idea he toand confided of CongrMS fordiioed a »tat resolution for the relief of Commander Mr. Slibzll moved to postpone the bill untiU 1 it o'- 6f sufficient importance, viewed to any aspect, to abolished. And how ? I have shown it cannotinS<''"P«''"!,"i*„^;fe^5i^EcincTIC.—Theof questions to toe powers appertalntogSociety adjourned.Februarytoere can be none as toMayoe Swan ano the Baltimoek Policeofto its and recetre and opertaions, the recordsthe (Jueen of Eng- and a likeness of the of Willwoiom. A monthly so popular asvolvedmay be, toe Southern people are their own cus- toe Eighteento between the Island of St. Do- for toe city of Baltimore. On Saturday they tovited other effects pertaintog theteto.numberofTerritories,upon negro tosurrection.horrors oflegally morally, to any other people under the canopy of this, would do a good service to its readers and great, It is for toem to oftoem for toeir mvitation to meet toem, but said as toe City Council had instructed him to contest toe con-to to Mr. C^LXitsoa for reportlis value, by presenttog a fuller rirumi ofhim to St. Domtogo, matotaintog the rightscounsel to the city m case employ protecttransactionsin the There literary world.ownsentimentsandmen &ee, they will do so to good time, and the arro- Colonies,consummated,whentoemust bensakebond- gant and imperttoenttoterference of others will im-assame toeories as those enunciated by the Black Re-ta carry tke Party ta Ckarlestaa.SECOND DAY'S PROCEEDINGS. Stsaccsx, Tuesday, Feb. 7.be made by toe oontinuanee of toe institatton in the ples. Let It be composed of men who have never al-Northern States we freed our bondmen. When 8ta- tered, or never wa«red to the malntonsaee of TOCh Nine witnesses were examined andduty, if not satisfactory to all, at least with firmness and conselenttousness. To be one of the State repre- sentatives tons selected, by toose who have been chosen by the free suffrages of toe National DeroocSouth isfruita of toeir own labor, dependtog alone upon toeirneverhadtoenaked submittedfor their eggs. proposloonof the several Districts, is a lilgh Congressionalpie -hearted.Until now public attention has not tieen arousedtoMy friends, what is toe state of toe times ?is it toat tliis great conntry is now distracted by an-toank toat Providence here to-day. The eseort that left Fort Dalsa < 27to ult. had not reached Pawnee Fork wken tttathat aple territorially, commercially, and to all the essen-commonitory symptomtoe slumbering people of toe North, As fearfully astion. The whole conntry is a militarySlavery it can beconsequences—dependent uponfrom abrosd. Like a fortress upon toe eve of siege,tlie people of toat section are preparing, wito one ac-;dependent uponcord,tothrowthemselvesupontoeirownresources—to subsist upon toeir own prodocttons— exclusivelyappears contemplatedand—tion topartwithtoeversies. all will be wellto be used. It has been announced that toe whole mistaken availability, and a compromise of principle wounded his wife and child.solid compact of fraternity and Federal protection. "Thus, as between toese sections, it would appear an eternal separation is about to take place. The formed by our revolutionary sires, cemented so firmly by revolutionary blood, is shaking upon toe eve of dissolution, and that which God in his wisdomtogetoer is about to be at last sundered totoput frag-powerIncite negro tosurrection the fearful agencies.Lahoastxk, Pa., Tuesday, Feb. 7.Would toat some otoerof toterests whichWhat be meant liy "diversitiesof opinion" he ex- BiLT had tendered toe use of a steamer to take toeBut, my friends,years thereafter, covertly,:now stands.What aboutto Charleston for tbepaymentof the run-cannot be done without delay, they ask that tha in- this point led to the defeat oi the bill at the last ses- to assume an attitude of hostility to toeterest clause and all other objectionable features be sion. lies to regulate toeir own domestic relations. No stcuteg in lilsnands.''stricken out and left for future legislation, stating, in Mr. Tkumbcll, of Illinois, (Rep.,) denounced the party or faction was found base enough to attempt to He sneers at the fears of toose who apprehend a made, it seemed almost certato toat toese valuableconclusion, that their necessities are such as to re- abuse of the franking privilege. He wanted to see obtain political power by catertog to morbid senti- dissolution of toe Union, and reiterates the idea of a relics would eventually become toe property of toequire immediate- action.Congress will take action on the subject of the in-aaguration of "Mills' statue of Washwoto!! on thethe whole system abolished, and moved to strike out the last clause, which would saddle the expense upon a constituent, who received letters or documents.Mr. stood.benevolencemmds of men or parties that it was profitable or wiseThe Coroner's33d inst. A number of the members of largeFxEsisssN advocated the amendment as ifMr. Rici said the present object was to pay the appointed politicians, utterly bankrupt in hopes andthem such talk as we hear from the Democratic offlce- hclders of the Federal Capital, toey vouid not hang thetn, bulTIhey woi: Id denounce and curse them."Passing from toete professions of devotion to tlie Union on the part of Messrs. P«.i!hh(;tos and Sbu- MAH, the mission of toe Black Republican Party is furtoer imfolded Mr.Hicxman.Congress kave expressed willingness to make a liberal appro- priation to defray the expanses of the occasion. It isa fewyet surely, adder seeds were sown. Foiled and dis-the severe verdict followtogmentality, founoed upon mistaken philanthropy andco"nsolidated and toseparabie Union. Dissolve the unirn of these StatesSociety. In order to ftirther this object, the Commit- tee proposed that toree lectures be delivered In toe Library of toe Society, toe proceeds of wliich shall go towards toe purchase of the antiquities. The re- port alto stated toat Mr. R. K. Haioht had presented to the Society his valuable coIlectloD of EgyptianWM. J. COET—THE EMPLOYES OF THS COMPAirr EETEBXLV CKSSUBED.;toat toere was a slumbering now political usefulness toat toere existed a fanatical,bility attached to toose who Iquity.hatohed toe m-respectscountry,a sufficient distance la tka rear to insure toe safety of his train from any ocdUsloafrom toe approaching trato.And we furtoer find toat Hiiiir B. C. MiLuxxa, duengineer of sidd train, failed to perfonn kit AKy to notof toe as stopping nis trato at toe outer point curve,Rule 22 of toe road peremptorily requires.And we furtoer find toat alter a most seaiohiurln- quiry as to toe manner to which tke Hodsooi Hirervery dog- mas uttered by toofe iiepublican leaders in toe North,\J ] \i-,,''matter. Iftheexisted, and the and practiced by J4on Bbowk In toe South. Like toejustly chargea- furnishing toe material wito wliich our na- tional magazme is atx)ut to be exploded, and toe fact that he and bis abandoned toeirthe to " Societya tribute to his he memory toough:aciherents, defeated,Free-Soil organization to 1849 does not lessen tills ac-belong. MACACLAyhe did not consider as a perfect themselves and their familiea, shall be the recipients of writer. Heoccur,Aftsraspiriteddebate,thefollowiagwereplaced system.Theamendmentproposed,first,thereform countability.Itbutmcrea&esit,because dis- thisgreatinheritancebequeathedbyyearfathers—exemplarofagreatthinkeroragreattke But Companf.In aeaination St. Louis JimMMr. Assam 8. Mitohsll, editor of the ; Mr. DcrKiss, of Indiana, editor oftoey political par-whether those who own tlieir own lalKir areAto occupyyet hardly a poet of sen- Lays of Ancient Rome," if set tocorruptingtoeand nationalitydc^raJationand trumpet than for the guitar and flute. If we looked at Ills opinions which rise into toe highexposed pototson the such as toat nmtk of tha road,must have a tooroughly Natloial party to save toeand seals, on toe day aad place afoiasild. (Signed,) SQU^lCBIFFIN, Conaer.We giving BUSt.go beyond and behind all hair-splitting discus-tous ingeniously tatroduced, Mr. Gaow disttoctly to bim a great knowledge of human nature when hesovereignties. The danger has be- come too inuntoent for us to stop and to^scuss toe abstract rights ef a handful of men who seek homes to toe wilderness. The ship is betog driven upon toe rocks, and we caimot stop to discuss the relative;renttotereste, should admonish us that a superhuman ef- fort is necessary to save before all is lost. Wliat is it to you or 1ders of theIrrepressible and necessary conflict between the two radicalism ofof RichmondMonday, bodypede,peopletoecountryproper protection jeop- If toe toe source ofarded in the concern ?life, ii drtog, what boots it whetoer the extremities to this. Thewould be noor toe New.betog trodden under foot, to the Old World or toeheart,are sliielded or exposed ? If the life blood of ourHe did not believe to manooiuitryexhausted,what matters itaterritory contemplates other result. Why New, whetoer he held to his hand sceptre, or anoto-AOBICULTUEAl. OpSEATIOKS OF Patenta, havtog some time smce formallyDot have free or slave labor yis it wise to haeard thebe reUeved ofImportantstrugglerights property among people are abundantly able to take care of themselves!eitermtoate itresirictmg it to Southern soil. Therefore tois hos- stood not only to Poets' Comer to Westtninster Ab-toe of persons or awhofrom the South, under the of pretext[Applause.!Hismonumentwarrant a continuance of this totemal how be danger,theresult i?,f,lP,PA'?iT:>.L»{L^„Ti?!^.^.?.!:^fL'°„lTMS."Jsotoattoeymay;statesmen,and the totions;and our only seearitj is to hear and fortiear. andNan-Arrlral af tke Nartb Biitaa. PoHLAHn, Me., Tuesday, Feb. 7—MldnishtThere are as yet no signs of the steamalu^and,:and, least of all, had it entered toeFellow-citifens, my people live ^fur off on the shores of one of the beau- titui laicesof The West. If they were to hear amongto examine the deato of Wh. J. Coxr, on toe Hudson River Railroad, on Monday renderedto array one section of tois glorious Union against the otoer.circumstances toe attendtogtoteUlgent,party.camp,for and therightof fami-evene every right of every citisen ofeveryState will betiquities, reported thatfrom toe collectionsRepublican partyand toat of Darien toe second, toe part to- dutycarryand we furtoer find that Bossitmuch less so is iu concomitant—that of slave labor only be obtatoed toe byvoluntaryaction of toelishessayistandhistorian. Themotionpassed,and ofthsit isto matotamtoWhygeneraldetermtoa- not, therefore, to thiswho has thus far so ktodly nurtoredand protected ourtha mail left. Five mails were detatoed at Pavnwe wait-peo-country, oftoatHarper's Ferry(lilu-whichfree witUa our own borders!" Where is the man or parties are to enter toe conflict. J^'*"TM*^*^!dian provtocea, would have attempted "to make all counfry. It is the only quesUon uponpolltjMl to toe tace andwas no we be- longer pecuniarily advantageousdoctrines. Let all who have ever maintalnedtoedoc-CsASLssTows, Tuesday, Feb. T. to-day, a>eirverygan to be benevolent. Havtog wrong toe last dollartrom toe stoews of toe sUve, we phllanthropically set have been presented be tovited to our standard, and was one of Biown's party. The only dlffaeBce la him free to support himself. Less humane toan the any who have ever symi»toixed or been Identified the testtmooy was as to tbe color of tke i«<«i««f'ifor hisyears, we turned toe negro out to die upon toe com-providedmon, or to become degraded and demoralizedhair, some stating tbat It war rsd and eiltersLet munion. Whatever may have been the difference of was s light color. His hair, at ths prsaeat tiais, isus hear no more of NortoemIfr. IrassoH, of Georgia, (Dem.) bom the Commit- Convention, when the following gentlemen were at toe Souto, but rather ask ourselves where and the Slavery question, let aU be raencdonciled and ftohre- colored by a hair-dye. Amongst tfae vlsitars tai st-^4kt«solntioBprint the sistoorologlcal reportsoppressed laboring,and ita abolition is a thtog to be obtained by the sacri-fices demanded of us, even at toe Immtoent peril oftoe whole country, why does not toe Norto cease toprofitbyslave-labor? WhydonottoeNew-England meetthisissue,togodowntotoerootofthecontro-Mil orotherwise.sympatoywhen have toe of toe Norto ever elevated gotten in an effort to oblltemte extinguishof *lT**""it batafksAhcen favorably acted on by the Coart of Claims.Jr., Gideon J. Tucker, Joshua R. Babcock. Alter- nates—William C. Beardsley, James T. Soutter, John Haggerty, and Benjamto Chamberlain.SPXICB or MATOB WOOD.FxaRARBo WooB, havtog been called upon, ad-dressed the ConvenUoB. His remarks were, m sub-<connected wito self-interest; and until we have to destroy and to devour.Tos, oftoat not one man to vestlgattor Committee. The nomber ofto.tkil tmllhsonlan Institute, caused some debate.man I congratulatein our own midst, we should not extend our sysspa- this delegation has ever been tatoted wito Free-Soil summoned for tbe Commonwealto smounata aofHdktuh'. FrroB, ef Indiana, (Dem.) said the request tocame 6ob the President of the Smithsonian In- and the Commissioner of Patents.theing, on the ground that the work collected was notyou, gentlemen,print-I thsnkyou have conferred sponme is equaled only byversy, and to meet our toe ojsponents uponwent into the store of place, yesterday, wito aas followsGxHTLSMiK or THS DiLioATioitstance,:ple and cared for toe provided.TheIte responstollity. I shall endeavor to discharge the products of Slavery, give up their ill-gotten gains brtogs us no fear. The people of toe Norto have lighted bomb to a basket of Thehonormanuiacturers,orators,:and toepriests, who have subsisted so long upon tbe toll andyou.and and toe poets,abstract question of negro servitude itself- Ita discussionofshall be abolished withto herissword,or by the nonconsumption of her products and total bleFA. 7.and as this result Is impoverisliment of toe country and annihilation of of this reorganized and reconrtructedtoe successsuchvote cast ismust be exercised and Northern military emissaries toTheparty erected to Blackandsuccess, to be followedOlayaraltyThe Mayoralty Election came off here to-day.That toe of toe objectBlack Republicana forcible abolition of Slavery, is more or (essthe toevitable dissolutiontoe Union.after his election as Speaker.Mr. PxHiiiKOTOB held out toe idea of an mdissolubleGreen, Jr.,Wood, J. M. Marvto, and D. W. Candor, were ap- pototed a Committee of Arrangements and Corres- pondence."J<ever miad Harper's Ferry," he replied. friends, that is a nine days' wonaer. My friends, it al-claims in" A RepDbllcan Speaksr is elected and no calamity— HonkSn'toa,nowaboutdueherewitoUvopooldsSsslie when a Republican President is elected, for in toatmonthly meetingety, lasteventog, the Committee appototed to secure for the Society the Abbot Collection of Egyptian .An-!Jury impanneled"Sailing;and there-PartyisbyofThe^bombexploded, adjudication. Evasive and ambiguous geaeralities blowtog toe store to pieces, and woondtog Hoa. Wa. own resources? Why do not Northern traders and have confused toe honest-mtoded and misled the Sim- SisBairr, C. B. DracAS, J. G. DtmcAS, Jos. Kauiaaof Soutoemare stocere, why will toey not do this ! If Slaveiy Is now horror-stricken at toe hldeousness of the mon- to toe tale Lowe tragedy. wrong, why is it not wrong to traffic to or consume ster which toey helped to create. Those who haveitsproducta? If negro servitude at toe Souto is based supported what toey had deemed a harmless senti-upon cruelty and oppression, why deal In and use as ment, are finding oat when now almost too late, toatsumptionofagricultural products?Iftheyknowtogtoe dreadful tendencies of Ita are success,(Snum'E) course towards him(OAvmsoa)iarsaiidarticlesnnsnimityof Slavery to toe extent stated, ation to do without slave products would undoubtedly do much to abolish slave-labor.it has become ational and commercial revulsion.necessity toe fruits of the evil ?exists ta toeIf the North against the tostitationlivtog, pregnant fact,fruitful of na- And may weThe Santo Fe Mail, from Pawnee Fork, anisedexclusion from use of cotton, tobacco, sugar and boto sections are now agitated, we not, toere- The snow was very deep on toe Plains, aad thetoese States ?tom. Itwoulddrawal of patronage. It would fall a victim to toeimperative commercial law of supply and demand.Non-productog would speedily follow the non-lnter-ccurse created by non-consumptioB, and toe States oftoe Souto would toen lie driven, as were toe States of constructing toat Platform and to toe creation of tog. Boata are departtog daily to all tke river land-It could not exist witoout this cus-over us to allay toe troubled cotmcils of theing national crisis. is a matter of exclusively local determtoatlon. Time shame of toose whose asenta we are. The history of At toe Souto, though a different, yet a no less de- alone can txttogulsh it, if it be an evil, toe Democratic Party furnishes no parallel to toe con-Serians IHaess af Jadge lageraall.plorablepublicsentimentexisis. T&ere,toecommon but whenwho fieldswill cultivate dition of thmgs as now exlsttog. At no period stoeeNiwHaVIS,Conn., Tuesday,Feb.7. ITidtadtemperis toat of men tosulted and A aggrieved.exttognished and ricetoe cottonWhat willvannahs and toe broad fields beyond a hundred Califomias?of toe Souto ?toe foundation of toe Government has a PresidentialCrablis A.States District Court, was livtog st t o'dsek fidstosu, jnst-J^J"ohn A. Ipeople. proceed to Charleston to IsydownaPlatformofprinciplesandto selectstan- dard bearers for the contest of next November. Se- lected as toe representatives of the National De- mocracy, pure and simple, toe part we shall t^cX toCandlttnn af PASKsasBuiSH,Va.,Tuesday,Feb.7.sue, and that issue is life or deato.Such stopendoosdyingtoe action of a party a party as It were to be recon- structed by toe National Convention about to assem-so will itlaitermodraece,whichmnoutstotboevtloteabolnyensue.Astoe restwithtoatConventionwhetoerweshallhavea merchant,deadatWaynesbourghonMendaj.Tkethe blackby toe Black Republican party of the North, we areparty,party at all. If wise counsels shall theretrue patrioti.nn override jealousies and selfish confro-will becomeand over its destractlon will tie reared a monumentEleettaa la Pa. IiaBcastsrjThe speech Mas listened to wito profound attentionvery heavy. SainmsoK, Deiaocrat, iselectedMayoroverBtraaows,Republican,try18VFsbhasdo Woonwasimanimously chosen Chairman— THBABBOTTCOIXSCIIOH TAtrABtgDOHATItniB— MB. E. Q. EQCirE OS CJEfTBAL AUKKICAabout 150" that this Union shall not be destroyed," and how he A letter was read from Mr. Cuablxs A. Clistos, to of January, 1st, 2d and 6to days of February, in thewould sustainHe repeata languagewhich he deposited in toe arcliives of toe Society toeoriginal draft of the famous Canal Memorial of 1816,as drafted by Di Witt Custoh. In connection witoof our Sqciei one of tbe Lord, 1860, by GErrrni,it.made use of him to the House previously " by of Representatives.ThatifStanytimehereafterasyportionoftoepeo- ple in the South sballrattempt to sever the Union whichyearCoroners to and for toe said toebodyofWa.J.Coxr uponA Union supported by bayoneta is toe ideal of Mr.gion,parts, andbetween the Isthmus of Tehuan- ctnsvre for not having personally seen that flag-toe North, when toe time comes, you will find toe divi- utely,toe character of toe ita havtog obeyed toe orders of Conductor Biatsaa andus " what toe" " toe policyRev. Dr. toanklngproposedown their own labor, whose daily toil is the only meanstoey luiTe of obtaintog a livelihood and for supporttoat family of English societies to which we all greatexcept bp tke m-they tu he ocuupit-d by those who own tbe latwr of others, and who^e capital consists inwhere the late accident occurred.In H itoess whereof we, toe said jurors, as well asThe conclusion of toe matter is a union based on—pretended hostility to toe extension of Slave noTBI GOVKB»- MX!R.—Weare toformed that toe Commissioner ofoppose the spreading of an tostitotlon, ifthe institu-er instrument as offensive. As perhapsto -toe States ? slaveholder iilmself, or torough the compulsion toe President reserved toe appototment, after which the affairs of the AgnculturalDlvision'For. if statesmen may differ as to the duties and of Nortoem toterference. The latter mode is predi- toeTheucatedthe power and duties of the St. Domtogo are to t>e reenacted. Rapine and mas-they Century Hetoanked todians, and are not responsible, either or mtogo and its Home Government of France. For Mayor Swab to meet and act »ito them.gentlementheirInteresta totrtoes,to toeFrenchhe could do no more man to re- spectfully deslme ta meet the CommissionersparallelLovxBiso, in one a! his late Astronomical similar circusastances. They are indigoant gized, to a pubJIc address, the leader of toe negro in-Lowell Inrftute, said that the at aggresdon. They are detemUned ta resist- surrection is St. Domtogo. And it is well knownfound ready and winiM o«ee, sad will, no doubt,be for some time roatimng plans lor futore f^*' '•CBi«LiB V. 01 Spato, is to the confidenUy expectedbe Been from this Sotton TrMVeUer,reap- toose who will attempt agatoa similar Stand off from her fore, am not right, my friends, to declaring the de-as ceunsel for the ciiv.BlATDT AGAm-—^'Tiile New-Orleans p»pe.-.sto toe 1st of Febrosjy aretopear during present vear, and French astronomers upon Southern soil toe foul teachings of Nortoem formance witlda the borders of a Slave State. There-patJt^e of thepSwe?^4^otaS beenmadeintherevisedand Thomas S.ease.from the »4to of January toemedinmoftoemails,are even now on look-out for hasSouto alone.txirders. Witlihoid year encroachments upon lier coBstitutional righte. Remember it was butyester-tgeit. If no error calculations, K will probably planet during the F^U pf 13Gfl^.'fanatieisra. Let IkeUntitled DocumentIsign to be to lay waste with toe faggot and toe sword the Soutoem section of this Union ?Ad«ns of toe 2d mstaot-^practically illustrateper-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069awarded to Joa» Bbown for atlempttogwww.fultonhistory.comreasons Mr. Sqcixb" The Unexplored Regions of Central America."tepec and toe ward toe Souto,parties in that section be called American or Demo-cratic, they all fight under toe same banner, and areenlisted lor tbe maintenance of a single policy. So to toe country. Each division was treated very mto- Hastlit,assions have disappeared, and if there be a single man cities and inhabitants. He closed with toe sugges- promptly proceededthe usual resolution the autoor for his paper, and requesttog a copy for the records of the Society, wnich waswas m some a respects poet,"" said toat Geobgx Fox was too crazy to lie free, and Jarori—Jonathan S. Odell, Foremanavows the issue to beThis conflict between the labor that owns itself and not crazy enoughio tie shut up to Bedlam." Give Child, William Chalmers, Samuel Regoa, James C.Attemptse"p«» s old.a tw^e, of toe whole of compietcd^ponent humanity.toto relations wito toe old des-systems labor. Such is toe avowed policy of the potism, such as would result to our American liberty. Quarantine on on toe of Jakss R. Mpa-tospeak upontendanceat toe Conrt to.day was Rev. Mr. Raw-point, navigableorder, ten feet and rls- deepbut was to aSiATI OP NlTT-YoEI—Cotoift/ of Wutckottr, u,—Aa and valued inquisition mdented and taken for toe people of the'Tanytowncountry mcluded — man did his after he ordered him to Us\iDHtTirr.His flitisasr Horrible Harder In Geargta.of the 25to uiU ElecttoBBiKGBAHTOH, N. Y., Tuosday, Feb. 7. At the charter election to-day, a Democraticmajority of the Council Board was elected.Tbe Hadson River RiOlroad Aeetdeat. thus far VZBDICT OF TBI COBONXB'S JI7BT DI THS CASS OFHall thetownofGreenburg,tosaidCounty,ontoe27tkdaytke view of the oaths and aSnna- tions of Jonatoan P. O. W. Bensontoat toat oflScetocreastog duties to relationand we find toat Mr. Geo. N. Sim^ hisRailroad isfrom aU blame in the mattertions for toe of passengers beingconducted,that theCompanyefliciently devised and strtogently enforced that noaccident of toe ktod can wellexcusable neglect of the employee of wewouldrecommendtotheCompanyasanadditioa-P^ai2 Office to be arranged for transfer early as praettea- ble We are also Informed to,at toe IsecratarTaaBOBao- ed to toe Commissioner toe appototment of Boa. Taos.as toe future Supertotendentof tbeG. Clsmsok Agri-em- ployed in this branch of toe service are also requiredduty, and to Patents, until snob time as toe proposed transferbewhile exclusivelr upon toe Superintendent,broneht us through same dell^s toehsld an at Inqaesttoe agriculture, are making in Baltbnore to fix tbeidlsy that we of the North held negro Slavery. What And nere we take oor stand. Thu.' the true ques- fare on City Railroads St three, iaitesd of four, senta, only five da)journals 