 SWSLs.#f I860, toa2|«rbearancc, and promised to do his part to maintain theschamber. . - Commit-Spring defended it. To-day it has been continued bySylvester G. Langdon of New-York, convicted of The various Committees are at work, and the business eioner, or whoever he was, demanded the sum of $1to'f^>pomt asbingtso*to am«a4 no othersiand ta- pr«*»to-tk»ridredaiid vainer Mo- "er* carried2ndde&W ? Souther*S r r e i i R> t h e were sent olonirxtton ihorixethethe Cete-- 5n conse- trade, snt& ibing ffl«wt Wert, and••Jyethen-. w'feveris *shal- urgeseiary Com- jDistrietofof the D»~ % CLARK ling that no deprived ofwT'swparate dren. M r . meudraeWypostponed. strictwereES. ..»of private>f Sweenyv ecretary o f r deposit ofree million* December, questionof«d violation left to the(Thole on theeesion with the Supretae i Hespoke ag that th eom, and not v.forwhoseaMished.>w whether shbeforethe»the existingofrisingsa- je of the Ee- , revolation-;had.always iod brotherly Bocr&ticCon- andidwtewho seceseiooistH.tonoutsome yviews,and'tembera wereixon. 18G0—Eve. j iverpool dthr ini this evea-ws, hut going o pwcoa. N o onedaylater, jaxon reachesay 20. I860, immerman as f Netherlandson* wereay 20, 1860. iry yesterday : Convention.ay 19, 1860. id". Bands of pe meeting is sf Lincoln a*ay 19, 1860. ert herea*m and satis- e '-annon, but, 31 this morn-ay 19, 1860. uhlicanshere, lomiuauoa o fy 20, I860, ed from the •.una request.r>20, im. has arrivedOrJ>.y 19, 1860->r the rooath iron.snagged ace,andis»tv 19, 1860. 1 jfe^troyedtae,0-00.i IAK, Maine, jreightdweJ- with severti,T 20, I860. 'thiecitywal*-»g. I^>as «•" W, HartfordV »eof the flb*>*tort.y 19, 1860. Washiujgg«« orth of wa»r •f>bberies, aare*, and *o gg««. B. Hateb- lon, a«d J»a- ^ coirent «»instortrob-Republican movemeu^ » *»» city, took place last, the*outrage of these hirelings ofa-corrupt Adrain- night, though an AssocO^011 has existed here since ) tration. T h e crowd cheered this appeal, closedintheMononganelaBank,atMoKceaport,wasto-day bersareenrolled. ; >; .' formakingoutthebail-pieceandswearingthesureties^We give below the opinions which tie journal*madeby«B«| 20, I860. ie»*yBB««a**ile Maver w*i®ts. and t»J*«1daty. T**J; e report tns*fj#rj of Gra»%rartfiv 19, I860.hop oiJt*%«r-york,haX- tb«- plsanti«» of CtoefJ**"fall aittoa0*i'FntK I.N WKST THiirrY-THiun STRKKT.—Atjfux'.ideteinimd not to know anything among you save ing, when Deputy- Sheriff Dreher appeared a t th o early hour yesterday morning a fire broke o u t in |h.n have teen the limited support which was given to»himi•-.YORK BA^ mt^I860,*% =upon the Republicans to stand firm, and, if neces-•Ii! 4•withtheChicagoticket. Itupsetsalltheircalcu- asi'nman,withthenameofP.Youngonthewatch thatthedoingsofthismeetingwillcontributevery suppositionisthathehasaccompaniedthem. •they knew their duty too well, to falter in the sup- lations, and spoils a programme which had been po:ket of his pants, was taken from the river here to- much to'the development of future denominational efli-!architectofhisownfortune,hecomestousmost emphaticallyarepresentativeman;notonlyarep- resentative man as an able and earnest exponent of Republican principles, but as identified with thela- boring a n d . industrial classes. Having from earlylife, iiCthe maturity of manhood, devoted himself to phyja-.al labor, he can, as h e does, b u t feel a keener senseoftherightsoflabor. Hestandsbeforethe country, too, with a high moral character, upon which even a suspicion was never breathed, and |vith a politi- cal integrity above reproach. The objects desired b y .theRepublicans in the*pending election, and the obliga- tions rmposed upon our candidate,.are, to bring back «be Government to the principles a n d practices of its lathers &£<* founders, and to administer it in the light of their wi^u"^ a n d example; to aid o u r commerce,to send it out upon distant seas, and to prepare for it•*ontfUitWt>rleuturn: to mtnne new havensinnsdistreiwanu ", .' 77,• v• •,life a n d energy into all the productive and mdustrial pursuits of the whole country, for - e wn,t not forget dsst the prosperity of every country must .^eposc uponAbrahamLincolnis"themanforthetime,andmarches breast up with the advancing wave of civilization and liberty. HethenwentontoeulogizetheplatformKeystone State to the nominees of the Chicago Con- vention.From the Washington House the band and the at tendingcrowdproceededupPennsylvaniaavenue five hundred strong, and thence tip Eighth street to the quarters of Senator Trumbull,, opposite the General Post-Office. About half the crowd were Democrats.SPEECH OK SENATOR TRCMUULL.Senator Trumbull being introduced to Ihc meeting, addressed it in a n earnest a n d somewhat lengthy speech in support of the great work done for the Re- publican party a t Chicago. He'had known Abraham Lincoln for twenty years. A.native of Kentucky, h e was brought over when an infant into Indiana. Thence, with his ax on his shoulder, he went intoIllinois, where he hewed his way into distinction. H e studied and for a time practiced the business of a land surveyor, then he entered into the study of the law, and tlicn rapidly t o t h e high distinction b f the ablest lawver in the North-West. They call him " Old Abe," Baid'Mr. Trumbull, and vet he is in the prime of life— about 51 vcars old. He'is a giant in stature, six feetJfirtisedbyasix-horseomnibuswithabandof theHudson'sBayTerritoryatlaterdates—theproper New.-Yorkoffice,andhisassistants,isthepressofthis emphaticallyRepublican?,theyaren&t"obnoxiousto:*r" >'ot high enough t o " President."] Y e s ,PreshfeJ^ [Hurrah.] He is a giant, anu'wltu? lijiterian Assembly, representing nearly 100 presbyte- connection with the National Observatory and Unitedforest,andmakesthehiUxideblossomastherose. outthep*,>f'Xof "Little" to it. [Hurrah.] JiS;morethanh'^ ministers,17800churches;and StatesCoastSurvey. ' Tt nuimtaina, our Government and upholds the A giant id intellect as well as in stature. [A 3 1,000 members; and in this city, the O. S. As>«Jmbly,it Were, his political father and teacher, and could l|erelied on for the same qualities of pluckand vigor. \J|I statesman of tried worth, selected bv reason cf his•t i'•Mr. Campbell, member from Pennsylvania, fol- lowed,givinginhisadhesioncordially,andpledg- ing th e support of the Keystone State. He was•gratified that the Chicago Convention had asse.ted the great principle of protection to American in- dustry, by which free labor was to be elevated and rewarded, and th e prosperity of the country promoted.• During these speechei there were occasional in- terruptions, o n t h e outskirts o f the crowd, a n d some symptoms of disturbance, but they j'assed off without any great inconvenience.tira^NorthernOhioatthattime. Bethatasitmay hasfoundmoistureenoughtovegetate.uclbrhrinal Presbyterian Church of the United States .Of all garden vegetables and fruit, none have suf- 1Islhow become three bands, each flourishing and each fered more than strawberries, because none require,••Ii •3K) ; ;::i-The prayer-meeting this morning was well attended, in relation to belling liquor. The accuped was conveyed and elicited eome earnest appeals at tho Mercy Seat.•y(If'II *i•ill•!_.«._XTIT1 .J»«f k. •' i •• - , • • • -, -l i p l e T w i t h i m p e r t i n e n t r e m a r k s l r o m i n ^ e r i C .^ g u B t U B - F r a n k - o f - N e w - ¥ o r k > ~ ~ - - -i^fc rThe surprise at^n^st'e^mited^d i g n i t y a n d t h e o r d e r o f t h e A s s e m b l y t o i t h e u t m o s t WHfislaDlBy^ 7;©r^^S P E E C H B Y M E . H A T P I N ..'ATTACH O N T H E •MSETIIMO."WASHINGTON, May 20,18S0. "OSSTRATION AT WASHINGTON.THBOT)k-tant nblicThe first impof"""' P demonstration ofa|Sheriff who had the i writ w as not present, bufcltwjaj •federal office-holder, rushed in among the audi- hicago Convention was orderly and expeditious in "^•..'v.,. ^'•/''V- '''••; -:^ '' =fBy'Telegraph.]- '•• :: i 't;}."' "-•'- ":' young men, one of whom,\claimmg to be a.Cbiport of the nomigadons which had been made. * They would prove their devotion a t the election by rolling up such a majority a s could be giver&jsto n oother man but Governor Seward.The Association then adjourned, a n d a proces-ps r1.. The inquest is'adjourned till Monday for the ciency. ^ , . Geo. Law, at the suggestion of Ex-Senator Wester from Chicago, of the nomination, on the third ballot, nicelyconcocted. 'TheyabuseMr.Lincolnjustas purposeofobtaininginformation astotheidentityof TheAssemblywasopenedat11a.m.withasermon cott,hasemployedanexperttoproceedtoWashmgton] of"honest .AbeLincoln" ofIllinoisforPresident.' minated from cellar to garret, a n d t h e balconies and parlors thronged with ladies. After stirringFrom TbeN. Y. Sutday Herald.W ASHINGTON, Saturday, May 19, 1860.The Assembly a n d Reformed Presbyterian Synod held a union prayer-meeting an hour and a half.vhonor, and covered the whole ground of the can-TRIAL OF HICKS. SIXTH DAY—VERDICT GUILTY.hia use by a few devoted friends, and wo are happy to b that he will stand for some tune above want."It has been suggested, says the same paper, thattalents of 2Mfr. Seward, did not think proper to place his name a t the head of the ticket. The Republicans* of New-York will acquiesce in this decision, and sparer no efforts to secure the election of the nomine?.>ftheobbgationeitimposes,itwasneithersought,•productive industry—labor i t is, andlabor alone, I ^atF. Appleton, who mentioned to the greatest apparent'.•-IFrom The Vtiaa Mortrfitg Herald.In Abraham Lincoln the Republican faith find* a u eloquent exponent. No truer representative cf all tliat is best and noblest in it, lives. H e is u o taere shallowavaihtbiHty,takenupasadernierresort,buta-worldinitsprosperityandadvancement. Surely, then, it should challenge and demand its rights of the Government it thus sustains. T o preserve th e integrity of the Union, with the full and just rights of-.all t h e States, the States themselves not interfering with the principles of Liberty and Humanity in the Territories of the United States, outside of their ownvojc«>l_"WherelaHarper'sFerry?"] Itellyou,my friends, that the pr^its of Illinois are all ablaze to- night with the fires of enthusiasm. [Cries of " I s11!presenting168.presbyteries,2,578ministers,3,487 urches, and 279,600 members.. All these sprang fromFROM'.PORTO RICO.—By the British brig George Washington, Capt. Innesc, from Guayanilla, P . R . we have dates to April 30. ' ' ,The-crops promised fair, although for a time planters' had stopped grinding cane, but merchants were urginginherentstrength. Hisfamehaswatchedtheremotest. corner of the Republic. Every schoolboy from Maine to California 1ms read the story ef hiB life. His gaHant contest with the "Little Giant" proved him to b e tho equal of that plotting demagogue, in the eloquence-that moves masses—his'superior in sterner argument. B y all w h o have ever heard him he is pronounced one ofjurisdiction, a n d t o preserve o u r original territorialdomain for the homesteads of the free—these* arethe great principles which we have united to sustainand advance. That done, o u r Government will r e -main a bksaing t o all, and o u r country a refuge inwhich the man of every creed and every climemay enjoy tho securities and privileges of in-stitutions of Freedom, regnlaxed only by law.heartiswithourgreatcause.cies, win formally a n d authoritatively dissolved; but all New-England rain was very much needed. Even sugar, and $3 50 on molasses. Produce was on the intellect,,in moral courage and'personal intc/arrity, b omtaats* S*T"•^».^w^-.---^cr-v- - -v" JOOLJCOIUSATIOKSINWASHtfGTOS.JB^ti^, l^Oxspeakerswerefroqqentlyinter- theAssociation;theHon.I.V.-Pettitoflad.,andacresponsible for the officer's appearance a s soon a s o b t a i n e d b i s s u r e t i e s . J | ,T^Yfoir^aturd^ fferymout^tt^: SerenadetoHon. HannlbalHamlln. bwi toward theconclusionofMr. Washburne's jncolnandHamlinisrapidlvvanishing."Theseriom- %g./Thusfai%-4heAssembly;oidsfair'tblbeapleasant companiedbyhisbail,repairedtothe"Sheriff'sJfcry**up their ranks in gallant style, and the rowdiea causewerecalledtogetherbynoticeinaceven- weregladtosneakoff,fearingthepunishmentngntenced to pay a fine, o f $500 a n d imprisonment i n |heWeetern Penitentiary three years.• — teamboatExplosionand3LossofCorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribune." .All hands then went to Vanderpool & Co.'s office;; 1HB|\ asnoneofthefirmwerein,theCommissionersaidibf]'andHAMLIN,SOfarastheyhaveyetreachedua. would call and" see them again, as they bad several'-14556. This Association a n ^ others friendly to the jing paper that Mr. Hamlin would be serenaa\?d* they had provoked.' RIAN CHURCH, N . S .have expressed upon the nominations of LiNCOLirThe procession was then re-formed, though some-what diminiwbed in numbers, a n d marched u p ground, and presently some of Mayor Berrett's policend shall exhibit an amount of moral power unknown POLICEMEN POSECUTEDBY THE LIQUORDEALERS.-— (self-styled, widow of D r. Burdell).,- and her: twond inpost-ible to any.'mere secular assembly, not exc- .On Sunday light week, patrolman Peter T. Seymourepting even a Congress of the United States, or a Par-amtrjt of Great Britain. But I digress; my intention of the Thirtt* nth Precinct arrested a German keepings to give you eoiiie brief notices of this O. S. General a liquor store o n t h e corner o f Ridgo a n d DivisionPennsylvania avenue t o t h e residence o f SenatorTrambn&OD Eighth rftreet. Alter a few minutes'delay h e w a s introduced, a n d gave a graphicxketeh of Mr. Lincoln's private and public career,whom h e h a d known for over twenty years, andwhose character he pronounced t o be without spotor bteioish. In all the domestic relations, no manwas more esteemed; a n d a t the bar his eminenceand ability were universally conceded throughoutthe State. H e was a self-made man, who h a dShewed out his own path to distinction, enjoying itcame up and told the speaker, to go on, for that the meeting would be protected.daughters, arrived in Sim Francisco on the 30th in the Sonora. A passenger i n t h e same vessel says „ h e has gone there in the hopes of finding tin- peace apd quiet" which the papers and public of NcW-" would not allow her to enjoy, here."i m with a n uncousciouH simplicity, which reflected•Chiietl,itsvariedduties,itspower,andtheimportance g«antCornwell,whowasincommand,refusedtoal- thenceextendedtoasmallstableadjoining,iuwhich Therearealwaysrivalsforitsfavor,backedbrzeal••••'Itis said that thebandledoffintheflightbecause ElihuB."WashburneindorsedeverywordthatMrTrumbull,andseizedthepretextoftheflyingI.if<ssuntil.3o'clork,p.m.Onreassem-civilprocesswhileonduty.AftersomediscussionThehorses,'valuedat$250each,wereburnedtodetiith whohasso.manyrecommendations?^Abr«thaia;^vadditional raster overhisplainbutdignifiedlife.•tad been said by M r . Trumbull in praise of th e candidates. He too, had known Mr. Lincoln long axndwell, a n d n o nobler o r truer man could beriband anywhere. H e said the prairies of Illinois were o n fire with a n enthusiasm which would sweep over the country, and finally carry the can*tones and brickbats to close up their engagement by llirg/tlev proceeded to the choice of a Moderator. about the natter, the parties agreed to consult the Two frame buildings in the roar of NOB.251 and 253 Lincoln, whose character embraces so maay exeellenVd i d a t e "into the White Hou*e, -''•' 'by anoverwhelming''•'.''Japiech, stories wereSuddenly thrown, and a gang patiore are a great relict to"moderate men of all par- and harmonious fraternization of Pres^yterianism,room," in the basement, of the City Hall. The Deputy• -es. The Western men receive" the nomination with provided tho " irrepressible" can be kept out.;of jroffians, said to have beeVled by the son of a -eat favor. Much satisfaction is expressed that the oing up its businees; and although a large crowd hadence, producing a momentary panic, in the courseof which the Marine Band took to their heels, (Charleston Convention. W ';;• k in the Church wasbegun yesterday. TheBeviDr.B.havingsecuredtheirpayinadvance.Mr. Washburne continued to speak, and calledSentence o f a UTew-York Forger.I. m •ThebanovertheoldEra office Waswell filled at ) / " S ^ ^ T S dePrec^ '"* 4^«nce this ThesteamerBenLoder,plyingonSenecaLake,asa morrow.OPINIONS OFREPUBLICAN JOURNALS.Wepiae6aith^head' ,of ohr colums, this evening, the nominations of the' National Convention. They will command the united support of all who cherish a devotion to the principles of the Republican party.I t w o u l d b e i d l e t o a t t e m p t t o d i s g u i s e t h e d i s a p - pointment which the people o f this State feel a t t h eRepublicans of New-York. No other man, besidetheir own.favorite, eo well represents the party in ph&greatstrugglenowgoingonasAbrahamLincoln.• t From The Avbvrn 'Batty Union, May \Z.The telegraph, this afternoon, brings the intelligenceM earlvhour,andMr.Fr*TMhPTM,W JJ^ an early hour, and Mr. French, President off theSociety, delivered a congratulatory address upon thenominationsatChicago..Judge Pettit, member from Indiana, being called u p o n , s p o k e e l o q u e n t l y o f t h e c h a r a c t e r a n d s e r - vices of the nominees, pledging his State by a largeapplauded. 'WhileheregrettedthatthefavoritesoncfNew-York,whowashisownfirstchoice, -andthatofthepeopleoftheEmpireState,'had »©t been selected as their standard bearer, he iaad.•boat,explodedoneofherboilersthismornirig,just cases'WasissuedbyJudgeBrady,thesumof^500 she w a s leaving the wharf at Watkins. Wiluam A barge number of the commissioners are already oil being claimed against the officer for false imprisonment]from Th«AlbanyEveningJournal,May13. ,smajority, incommonwiththewhole North-West. Mr. Frafck, member from New-York, followed in. PITTSBURGH, May 17,1860.Twenty-fouryearsagotheGeneralAssembly,then atonceassume'thedutiesofhisnewposition. NothingfailureoftheChicago Conventionto placeinnomina- tion for President tho candidate of their own State.'they abused Harrison and Taylor, for being a plain, retiring, blunt and honest man, who has not lived in the sunshine of court circles, and who, according* totheir ideas,isnotarefined andpolite gentle-thflbody..by the last Moderator, the Rev. Dr. Patterson of Chi-, and worm out of the clerks and pigeon-holes in,the Much as we have deeired the nomination of Mr. Sew-cago, on 1st Cor., 3, 9, and Ephes., 4,16. Departments such evidence as will impale the Admin-?!The subject was " The Mission of this Branch of the ard,! we are constrained to say, if we cannot be grati-Church of Christ." After sketching the characteris- istration upon a plea in defense of gross negligence, if fied in this, we are entirely satisfied with the nominee,sionwasformed,whichmarchedtotheWashing- man.Theycannotfindachargetomakeagainstflight.•..•"•'•;'-':ton House, preceded by the marine band, andfollowed by a large crowd. Upon reaching thereseveral hundred persons were found already assem-Presbyterian Church as occupying a middle ground, PENNSYL- heing progressively conservative, but progressive.Waddell, ess,., who has bad much experience in suchmatters as assignee in bankruptcy, has been selected thy, as wc do not doubt he will, the ticket will beMr. Douglas regards his position very different-Moderator. •"• '••.';'•'.\FromlaterbformatioDitappearsthatMr.Fowler'sj ..FromTheRfrncune(tf.V.jStandard.bled,inanticipationoftheinterestingoccasion.ly,andfarmoreseriously,andexpresseshisesti- «ponc3eiiceofTheN.Y.Tribune.[By Telegraph.] ,PITTSBURGH, May 20, i860.,Staten Island purchases were not so recent as wasThe Washington House, which stands at the cor-ner o f Penasylyania avenue a n d Third street, will be left in Illinois." where Mr. Hamlin ' resides, w a s beautifully illu-/ PHILADELPHIA, M ay 18, 1860.The State of New-Yo?k presented the name of an honored, able, and worthy ew-tcsmarr to the Chicago Convention for the suffrages of that body. Her dele-paid down. I t has since been sold under foreclosuand that operation was one of Fowler's many unprof- no honorable efibrt was ppared by any portion o? themmate very forcibly in saying, "Not a tar barrelstated. The property referred to was purchased fivi The nomination of Lincoln by the Chicago Con- • The General Assembly heard th e report of th e years ago, and but a small portion of the moneyled is done, it is proper to say that the Opposition national airs by the band, Mr. Hamlin was intro- city was all alive, in consequence of their determina- jrtyoftbis city, which numbers from 35,000toitable speculations.. -to secure his nomination.. In consideration o f his abil- ity, ."ntdgrity, and devotion to freedomr tbey bopwi for a"fav.oTableresult. ButthemajorityoitheConven-ducedto the-assembly,andin brief, comprehen- tiontoserenadetheHon.HannibalHamlin,nominated at Chicago as the candidate of th e Bx-publican party «ive terms expressed his acknowledgments for the for Vice-President of the United States. Mr. Hamlin occupies rooms at the Washington House, which wasfffiOGOvotes—noinsignificantelementjintheelecto- (1 force of the great State of Pennsylvania—and erefore in that of the Union in a closecon-The Leader of. Saturday save:•' Wohavegoodreasonforbelieving thatthe latePostma*s At an early hour the Kepublican Association of thisilist.for the Presidency—could hot possibly have vass in a manner which elicited the strongest ex- At 5>io'clock the procession arrived in- front of the en concentrated on Mr. Seward. His most ear-fitted exactly, and was neither more nor less than the occasion required.Circuit Court was opened for the closing scene in thetrialofHicks. The^crowdofspectatorswasmuchlarger than on any previous,day. The widow of Capt. Mr. Fowler's deficiency at the beginning of this year did- notAbrahamLincolnisamannotrtrcknownto*1iepeo-illuminated from garret to cellar.ofCongressfromPennsylvania,9vasintroduced. Hemanded,andheheldouthiswristsmechanicallyfc 'THETxi-EonAPHANDTHECHICAGOCOWENTIOKI:efiomtlcd, the proceedings contrast favorably with thesession here. The great debate on the system of BoardsM*Smithspokeagainstthesystem; theKev.Dr. beenfixedat$1,400. Apaperpurportingtobeaibond was then made out and executed, with exDr. Thorn.well against, and Dr. Hodge in favor of it. cilan Craft and John Piatt as sureties. The Con^nlfPITTSBURGH, Saturday, May 19, i860.sary,todieintheirtracks,ratherthansubmitto 11tteringforgedpaperforthepurposeofbuyingstock fairlyunderway. Threohundredandtwentymem-— • —Snow at Montreal.MONTREAL, May 20,1860.itThere.was quitea snow-storm inthislocalitylast distinguishedbyastemconservatism, andothersbyahis integrity, uprightness, purity and honor, buttakeexceptiontohisornamentalqualitiesonly. VANIA. *The*Rev.ThorntonA,Mills,D.D.,waschosenforthispurpose,andproceedstoWashingtonto-day.1the nominee;for Vice-President shall be equally wor- elected.' Mark thai fNCOLK AND HAMLIN INdition was received here this afternoon'with very Church-Erection Committee this morning. Every ap- ja ophatic exclamations of approval, s o f a r a s m y plication for aid by. loan or donation has been granted,jrsonal observation has extended. Now that the and the fund increased to §109,000.gation was a unit in snpport o f that gentleman; a n dpressions o f approbation. Every word told a n d Hotel, and was greeted with three luBty cheers. After st friends, who have any knowledge of party feel- On Saturday morning at 10 o'clock the United States " The heavy drafts made o h the Post-Office b y Mr. Fowlthe. inspiring,air, "Hail to the Chief," so familiar on similaroccasions,hadbeenperformedbytheband, loud calls were made for Mr. Hamlin.!gin Philadelphia, have been .sensible Ofthis fact; nd,exceptamongthosewhoholdthe gratification f personal attachment of more moment than thetri-during the quarter which ljaa just closed, wore for the purposoof procuring enough money to make Messrs. Law and Conoyeif(hisbondsmen)securefromloss. Averygeneralbeliefoxitriiqamong those who might be likely to know, that, the amount of ple of the United Steles. His name- was qui'.e i?imiliarMr. B. B. French then came forward on the balco-ThefollowingisthespeechofMr.Hamlin: ny,amid'anumberofladiesandgenllomen,andsaid: ierehasbeenanoppressiveapprehensionthatMr.MR. HAMLIN'S SPEECH.mph of the noble party of Freedom and Progress, Burr was present. exceed $,80,000. To this add th e #75,000. which would be in- to them before his contest wvib Dougfes, in 1858. That1MY FRIENDS—I have the pleasure of introducing Senator Hamlin, who has been nominated at the Chi- cagoConventiontobeone'ofthestandard-bearersofquired to make good the forfeiture inflicted on Messrs. Law and Judge Smalley charged the Jury distinctly ttyat the Conover, and we arrive at the sum of $155,000—the identicalcampaign gave him a prco'mjfieut positron in American politics. Although defeated" i u ^ i e struggle for' the " Senatorship;itisconcededby/hi*opponentsthafheeward's *omination would be effected a n d Penn-flvanialest. Thewickedorstupidmisrepresenta- in political association, I am pleased to meet yon on the Republican party. [Loud cheers.] We all know tions of his principles have been too widely accepted bow well he will bear that standard. He has become s truth to be combated a t this time. He has been -thisoccasion, andI unite myvoicewithyoursmost almostacitizenamongus. Hehasbeenherea num- olonginthevanofthemarch, which the masses - cordially in a tribute to a common cau«e. You have ber of years, and, my friends, we mean to keep him f the North only commenced in 1856, that the lag-Assembled to congratulate each other upon t h e d >ings here four years from the 4th o f March next. ' I n o w Srds b f 1 8 6 0 have n o t y e t t h e energyamount of the proved indebtedness.":TheSunday AtlassaysitisnotquitecertainthatMr.FRIKSDS AXB FSLLOW-C'ITIZE.VS: Concurring withited States had jurisdiction in the case if the vessel hafdstartedandproceededtwoorthreomilesonher way to Virginia-TheJury went outat10:36a.m.,andreturned-at 10:43, having been out 7 minutes.youfullyinthegreatprincipleswhichhaveuniteduspi our recent Convention a t Chicago, t h e result o f jwhich has come to us over th e telegraph wires. O fovertake him, and he is not strong hough t o make a good fight without lem. ^Fpur years more of drill and dis-wasconfrontedwiththeJury. Theforeman,inalow voice, pronounced the fatal word GUILTY,fciations and new friends, as pleasant and as devoted that unparalleled contest, Mr. Lincoln^* name has beca those which surrounded him in his prosperous daysii FreqHii£*4ly mentioned in connectibti'wffb the Presidency^that position which hasbeen assigned to me,you '"tbiscityv • '•'••,;v '••..:'; •'••••lf ... 5r' • :'"•'•' '':••'•'••?.•]UindViceTrosidency.." ••'• 11 InOfficeorout,Abi-ahamLiccohi'liaispreservedanintroduce him to you.fMr.Hamlin'sspeechisgivenintheSpecialDispatch above.}• • , . - - ' . •The prisoner rose without apparent emotion, a n d and enjoy the remainder of life amid new-formed assc '•people, Lincoln came off the victor* IFi-om the close ofStupidlytheprisonersat dowm when told to) •illallowmetosay,thatwhileI?feelprofoundly Aftermusicfromtheband,Mr.Campbell',member plineintheKepublicanranks,andthecountry byhis-counsel.-TheCourtorderedhimtoitefulforthehonoritconfers, andamdulvsensiblesaid:1claimtherighttoexpressthesentimentofmy expected,orevendeiired. Butasithascomeun- sectionuponthenominationrecentlymadeatChicago.[Cheers.] I want to say, first, my State is Union- solicited, it leaves me no alternative but to accept the loving and conservative to the core. She believes thatunimpeachable record. Nostam're»tf3 uponhispri- handcufis. Theywereadjustedwithsomediffi< —Thepressofthecountry,andparticularlythatji>fj vate.or-publiccharacter. Inhisharrdirtifre Executive„~-* • SPEECH OE MR.CAMPBELT. OJf EEN.VvsspoceibiliLies'whichattachtoit,withanearnesthope themissionpfthisgreatEepublic,asoriginatedbvthe I!>theviewsofasearnest and primitive Kepubli- arrestofjudgment/andtheJudgefixeduponWednes- TelegraphCompanies,fortheirattentionandpersever-' pose,andwithaa,soledesiretopromotetliehonorandidendeavor,thatacausemoreimportantthanany fathers,isoneofpeaceandliberty;butthatthisDem- cjansinthiscityasaretobefoundanywherein^he daymorningat10a.m.""" v' '~; will receive no detriment a t mv hands. But von ocratic }>arty now in power has 'been arrayed against i arty. They love not'Caesar less, b u t Rome mc|re..liberty, t h e Revolutionary precepts, right, a n d t h etve come'to pay a tribute-\o ourstandard-bearer, who interests of the country. [Applause and laughter.]She IIJ a body, whatever exceptional disappointmenting';laborsduringtherecentsessionoftheChicago well-beingofthenation.Convention. Two wires, th e entire dirttance,.Vere . The nomination of Mr. Hamlin for Vice-President is :devoted to the transmission of newspaper dispatches one that was eminently fit to be made. N"o man in' *las been taken from the Great West, where the star of has therefore looked around her for some other man, I iere may be, they hail the nomination of lancplu; TBX GREAT SOLAR ECLIPSE.—The first of the only. To Messrs. Anson Stager and J. D. Eeid, the public life at Washington is more ent.4led to-the public empire is cuhniiutting, if it has not already culmi- afld has heard that a citizen of Kentucky, born on her' a i an assurance of success. ' They enter upon tfihe American expeditions^for obSeryihg'the Solar Eclipse Superintendents of the lines, and to their competent esteem and confidence than he. HisotfScihJ and pri-scil, a pioneer of the Western wildernessi—she h a s c i mpaign with alacrity and confidence. rapUs of July 18, will leave New-York to-day for Washing- and. obliging assistants, th e operators, the .press is vate record contains no spot or blemish.. nated; a man of comprehensive and vigorous intel- heard.of the nomination of Abraham Lincoln with un- j The Bell and Everett part}' had a ratificationlect, and fully equal to the,position designated. T h e feigned gratification. [Applause.] S h e believes that' njeiing last evening in the open air. I t w a s a d - ton Territory ; the others will follow for Labrador and largely indebted, and to Mr. Whiting, manager of thbj This ticket will be elected! While tie nominees arethree inches high, and every inch a man. [A. voice-* hsatisfaction o f the people, that Hamlin, who was b o m mukes iuo»ic in the workshops, clears away the h,'"b fhough to be President, and be w ^ v 0C0numbers; in Nashville, the Cumberland Pres served as a practical astronomer both in Chili and in in the same county with Potter of Wisconsin, was, asbuilds and navigate;* o u r ships, delves in.our mines',lower part of West- Fred.Douglasinthere?'"*n<5""AbeLincolnisthe istidenticalbothindoctrineanddiscipline.The muchrefreshedonFridayeveningandSaturdaymorn-man who met Stephen A. D6\'*gfcm."] Yes, a n d h e was defeated. ["Three cheers' for Douglas," and they were given by the outsider* of the crowd.(Ijpmberiar.d" Presbyterians originated . iu the gv.-eat ing b y several gentle, warm showers. How muchestern revival of 1800. Their name belonged further they extended we are not. advised at this writ-hud the popular vote by four thousand majority; a n d he will more than double it in November—[" Oh, gas !" " Where is John Brown ?"]—and I tell you h e will make a -clean sweep of every State West of the- AlieghaDies. ["How about poor old Seward?"] Mr. Seward is a statesman and a patriot, and his wholeachieved eminence b v virtue of tiis native enargy. With such a standard >carer,. victory is sure !Equally happy has the Convention been in the aelee- guez w as fullyT stocked with everything. J n Ponce tion of a"candidate for Vice-President.. Senator Ham- the market w as not well suppliod. White pine lum- lin of Maine is a statesman of tried*worth and o&tin- cuished eminence. His long'services in the councils of berwasmuchwanted. Codfishwasworth5Jcents hisownStateandthoseofthonation,hisunflinching retail. Flour $13 per bbl., but several cargoes of fidelitv to free prineinles,,his spotlifas private character, Spcnish were expected, There were several vessels render him peculiarly fitted for the high post to whichDouglas, inquiries for John Brown, &c. Finallv, Mr. Trumbull called for " Three cheers for Lincoln and Hamlin," which were heartily given, followed by " Three for Trumbull."SPEECH OF MR.WASHBCRNE OF ILLINOIS—ATTACK ON T H E MEETING.loadingfortheStates.FOR EUROFE.—The steamer City of Washington dence invite the American people. They representriotous disturbance, it was time for a sweeping reform which wonld drive these lawless parasites from tho footstool of power. Mr. Washburne concluded'with a high euloginmof Mr. Hamlin, when the meeting, after a ronnd or two of cheers, quietly dispersed.To the present efficient Democratic Mayor of the city, and bis admirable police system, the meeting was per- haps indebted for its escape from a bloody row, for the Ami-Republican outsiders were very boisterous, and evidently bent on mischief;AtIIa.m.,intheabsenceofthelastModerator totheThirteenthWardStation-Houseand-lockedupailed!toi Older by the permanent clerk, and Dr. Scott he.isvas taken to the Ewex Market Polico Court, y&ud at. auction on Tuesday a n d Weduoeday evenings, ja example of public virtue—^one who takes i«ge YI-'.Y.fartalk-rs in the work.- After the sermon and the tlevbadreceivedsheirmoneyduringthespeechof itadiilgoftierollofConimiteionera,theAssemblyhadrUQoutftCarolina. Dr.Yeomuns ofPennsylvania,andBr. Scott. The resultwas the election, on the lirst Folic* Head-Quarters. The case beinglaid before Mr. and occupied by several poor families, also took fire, strong « hold on tho go«d> will of t^wpeophx M r.REFRESHINGstock, and though ecclesiastically distinct, arfe now chester Coumy and New-York Island were veryJajPEifiiva O F THJE CAOTPAnaar.How the Nominations are Beceir«L OPINIONS OFTHE PRESS.jewTiitrdiAaui OF nKjpvnJLtCAnm. 'c;fLINCOLN COKDHLLY ABUSED.HIS SUCCESS INDICATED-..'. . •——..,-. ' which Officer Seymour refused' to pay, and -referred'GENERAL ASSEMBLY O F THE PEESBYTE- him to the Counsel of the Board of Police for bisteW of every section, of every party atd of no party,-•: ?.. . ROCHKSTKR, Saturday, May 39,'.1860.. The Old Ychool Presbyterian General Assemblyis insioner, said it was all right, o r words, to that e ^ eXife. V PITTSBURGH, May 10,1860.GENEVA, N. Y., Saturday, May 19,1860. The General Assembly convenes in this place to- cases of a similar nature. The process in this and owejpf;ttwnoful attemptatmobocracy,andthesuspectedleaders will yet get their deserts, if their criminalitycanbeestablished. Fortunately,noinjury MooreandCharlesO'Brien,firemen,werebadly To-dayameetingwasheldforprayer.Abirgeas- was sustained. Not an offensive word was uttered t | tided. A number of horses on th e forward deck i embly met in th e evening also, for devotional exer-i n a n y o f t h e s p e e c h e s , t h o u g h M r . T r u m b u l l w a s decided in expressing the great idea of the strug- gle,and Mr.Washburne outspokenintellingthe people thatthe Government wasto be purifiedspirits, and with three rounds for Lincoln and Hamlin. •. /TheDemocraticmanagersaregreatlyperplexedlilligus, second engineer, w»s ip3tantly killed; Patrick the ground. . \tsHe «IM» severely. sc«lded. T h e boatis not so badly cises, when addresses were made by the Rev. Messrs.Thus the case stands. / 'POST-OFFICE MA TTERS.—The Hon. John A«h a s n o t y e t r e c e i v e d h i s c o m m i s s i o n a s P o s t m a s t e r ybf>j this city, but will probably do so to-day, when lie'willm a g « l b u t t h a t i t w i l l b e r e p a i r e d a n d r e s u m e t o w -M i l l s , S e d g e , a n d E l d r i d g e .injg in the course of 'two weeks.Obitnary.-consistingofbothbranchesofthePresbyterianChurch, definiteisknown with regard tothecourse hewityJoseph Berrd, Commercial Editor of The Journal met in this place. At that time the body was discord- take in relation to subordinate appointments. Nothfng But there can he no dpuht that the nomination whichLOUISVILLE, Saturday, May 19,1860.:raa earnest and effectiver speech, which w a s much . After this scene the audience separated in good :"or nearly twenty years past, died this morning of ant, and on the eve of a division, which took place two further has been heard from M r. Fowler. There was made is regarded as the very next choice of theand this imbecile Administration dismissed.cumonia.yearslater. I '"vTho present meeting will, probably evince greaterecclesiasticalunitythanhassinceappeared. Themem-seemstobeanopinionprevailingthatheleftinthe steamerCityofWashington,whichsailedhencefor, SouthamptononSaturday. AnumberofhiswarmAnother Mystery. «bersofthepresentAssemblyaresoundpracticalmenthe body of a respectable appearing man, evidently of conservative progressive principles, and-it is thought, political and personal' friends were, on board, and theDETROIT,Saturday,May19,I860.SHOWERS.—Thefirst to an orthodox presbytery, which, ing, but sincerely hope they fell far eastward;- for in shipments, and freights were good, being 50 centson the most impressive orators of the day. In energy of icoming infected with heretical tenden- character, in inflexibility o f will, i n "native vigor o f"Three groans for Lincoln,'.' iind they were given.The insiders then demanded T Three chews for Lin-coln," and they were given with a will.] M*V Trum-bull then explained, that in th e Illinois, contest of I, choosing either to disband or to remove their ecele- in the eastern portion of Westchester County, and in rite, sugar w a s worth from §-1 to $4 75 for refining has few peers. 'Springing from the people, nurtured in 1858, while Douglas carried the Legislature, Lincoinsiffiktieal relations, they were in .1814 formally excluded Iwlthe General Assembly.lube New-School Presbyterians, it is generally under- siliJbd, were cut off to make slaveholding lesa mconvethe adjoining counties of Connecticut, the drouth was soseverethatgardenswere masses ofdust, andthe grass began to wither in pastures as it frequently does in September. Of all Spring crops, oats suffered most for want of rain, though none of the earlv-planted corngrades to strictly prime. Molasses'was selling for, the hard but useful school of carry poverty, .Ixv haa. Mr. Trumbull continued for some time longer, amidfrequentinterruptionsfromtheoutsiders,cheersfor c|>inLagoodworkincurcountry. I'wasmuchim- watermore..Itisimpossibletogrowanabundantitisproposedtoelecthim-Such is the ticket, and such the platform upon whichiretwcd this morning with the strongly-marked charac-fliriMcs of the several delegates, as manifested in their crop of strawberries without frequent watering, eitherithfailecticnate regards. AnoblerbodyofmenIhave thefiuit isfully grown. Water, more than manure, inspecieand284passengers, amongwhom wereMiss publican institutions. Letthegoodwork cpmnieucedresfl demeanor, and conversation, as they stood in natural or artificial. The plants require a dry, warmpulls betoie the church door, or greeted each other soil, kept moist from the time'the-»bloH6oms opon until sailed on Saturday for Liverpool, taking out $482,000 those gix-at principles which form the life of cor re-:verT seen, except it hnay have been inheri and like apscmbliei. "A nd w h y should it the secret of great crops and large-sized berries. T o Laurai Keene, the Rev. D. M. Graham, and the Rev.af Chicago be pushed to a victorious conclusion.From The N. Y. Exening Pott.Many persons will not find their first choice realized in the nomination of Mr. Lincoln o f Illinois, as vJie Re- publican candidate for the Presidency of the United States. Both in this, and in other States, Mr. Seward had powerful supporters, attached to him by senti- ments of gratitude lor his public services, re»peet for his personal character, and admiration f o r his^talents, and these sentiments wen; strengthened by the .con- stant attacks made upon him by h is political enemies, as the representative of the Republican party... T&ese, of couiee, cannot resign t h e hope o f Boeing hiu? put; forward as the choice of the Republican p a ^ for the Presidency without a feeling of puinful disappointment. A large number of persons, abo—less aetisvo as poli- ticians, and le6s likely t o b e represented Ln political bodies,butnumerousinthemorequietwaSftsoflife-The Hon. Elihu Washburne of Illinois, was nextintroduced to the meeting, and in a bold, c\e>ir, ntrong cy hot b e noble ? If, like Paul, they, reason of sin,' the f-uffering strawberry-beds, then, the late shower i D. Kelly. T h e steamship Illinois sailed onthesanievoice was entering uj>ou a eulogistic sketch of the life and character, public a n d private, of Mr. /Lincoln, when a few stray brickbats and stones fell in among his audience from th e direction of the Patent Office, when instantly there was a general stampede in the opposite direction, t h e musicians o f the band being among the first to take to their heels. The steadfast Republicans immediately,about the doorstep stood their' lighteonenefs, and judgment—the most important are most particularly acceptable. They will have a day with 193 passengers a n d $583,827 31 in specie.id hlining themes that can engage the head and heart' n.iii;—surtly their utmost energies will be callediorth, a n d their strongest moral powers find e m -liodinleiit in a corresponding life. No marvel, theiijif 20th of May. jbe etWesiaetital bodies of the several churches of ourDr.. Scudder, the missionary, and his family, were{assembly," now convened in this goodly city. streets, on a charge c>fviolating the Sunday Ordinancem> st beneficial effect upon the com, which, to tu un-usual extent, h a s been planted this year before thepassengers.§Mr. Washburne meantime maintained his stand uponthe f-toop, and in a few minutes, comparative orderbeing restored, he resumed his speech, saying that whenthe time had coicc that a public meeting" on public offi-cers could not l»e held in the Federal capital without a the Rev: W . L . Breckinridge), th e Assembly w a s for the night in ore of the ceL's. (On Monday morning, The pictures of the late Wm. E . Burton, will bo sold —bad fixed their thonghts upon Mr. Chase., as a nobk»1 C ' c l i f o r i - i a w t i s c a l l t d t o t h e c h a i r , a n d p r e a c h e d t l i ei^ening sem.on.'to-a crowded and attentive congrega- held to bail by the magistrate to answer. Nothing lfon,W:1Corinthians,2dchaplerand2dverse: ior fuitheiwashtardofthematteruntilSaturdaymorn-N o 5 9 t B r o a d w a y , b y H . H . L e e d s & . C o . =•: ;o f p u b l i c . p o l i c y , a n d g o v e r b a h i s c o n d u c t i n n o h t i e a life by the austerest urnxunV of cquitv, sincerity, aod integrity. Itisnotwithoutmortificationthattheyand remarked that be would take the bail, which^tics of different denominations, showing that some were not culpable connivance, in the defalcation of Fowler* tendencytoperilousinnovation,herepresented.theexoneratingthebondsmenfromliability.Wm.C.H.' denceofhisoption.Lincolnisastrongman,andifTHE OYSTERSLOOPMURDER.did n o t carry with him. either of his own or tho Po«t-OttT<monoy, the amount of $100 But a purs© haa been "made opf< tion, although acknowledging the eminent services andiay "see another sight." Forthepresent,the licyoftheChicagoConventionisthetrueone. itwillnotgiveusinevitablevictory,anyotherould have necessitated defeat. Such I know to and he was taken out of court.Mr. Sayles asked that a time be set for a motion in York, Albany' and Buftalo, and the Western Unionj but its duties will be discharged with integrity of pur-Fowler has left/the country, never to return; and we; .was a full match for the"Little 0'f«nt in the fields of fervently hopethat, inthe distantland towhichhe contrversy,whilehisfriendsihsiirfthuton everyocca- has gone, he may he enabled to recuperate bis fortunes;,! sion when they met on a common platform before thethecityofNew-Yorlc,isgreatlyindebtedtotheNew-i officewillbedisgracedbynochicaneryorcorruption,stations for their observations being much nearer than city especially under obligations for their manifold arid - anyportionofthepeoplewhoareopposedto-t/heP«^•B;isic,andawagonwithalargebelltollingthrough"streetsallday.Theassemblagewasrespfecta-theloneonourWestCoast. ,•j efficientservicer.Andlust,but'\>ynomen^ol.»<^o,wwOIUYC.Jjiicaouivo«rmex?cuiocrnc^,«»»attmnnvtlyde-m numbers, but only in^mall part composed"of The Sun will rise eclipsed on the Cascade Mountains, must acknowledge, the liberality which accompaniedpar excellence Union-saving element. Demo- and the difficulty of obtaining a suitable station in a this attentiveness. The tolls on these dispatches with- to the wise policy'of its founders. The electors'] vote*eifots and Republicans were present in some force country so densely wooded, together with the hour at out any solicitation whatever, were greatly, reduced. of New-Jersey, Pennsylvania, 'Indiana, and Illinois J j gratify their curiosity. Popularly, in simple which the phenomenon will take place, renders favor- are promised to them b y sweeping majorities,, and £ iith, Bell and Everett have no party a t all here. able results extremely hazardous. Therefore, no LINCOLN ANO HAMLIN ON STATEN ISLAND.—The little doubt exists of the fulfillment of the promise. |lhatevertimemayprove,itisnow,atallevents, AstronomerwhohasareputationtomakecouldRepublicansoftheNorthShoremetinlargenumbers:Apolitical myth—a mere vagary of a few respecta-ble elderly gentlemen, w ho, as political leaders. afford to volunteer for a duty involving so many hive no possible influence among us. A different inevitable sacrifices. The party for Washington Ter-r|?ult a t Chicago might have given living maturity ritory will consist of a n Astronomer and two assist- II their embryo faction. Kow, we may rest satis- ants, together with a sufficient number of voyagenrsFrom The Troy Daily Time:on Saturday evening to ratify the Chicago nominal Mr. Lincoln is,a representative Western man; one tions. Tlie names of the candidates were received who Owes what he is to his own exertions^.and'whowith the greatest.enthusiasm and applause, which in-; comes fresh from the ranks-of the people. H e Jaas notfiid that i t is still-born.fcNERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE PRES-path -through the forest and properly take care of the pack animals. They expect to be some twenty days absent from Steilacoom, where the parfy will 'land. The moon's shadow will cross from the West to the East Coast, in about thirty minutes, and as the differ- ence of local time is about three hours, the observers who will go to Labrador next month will witness t h ethe poles, from which is suspended this morning an im- overcome on the popular vote, gave hina prominenceBYTERIAN CHURCH,O. S.and character, and indicated his Immei'tse resounds. Mr. Lincoln is a candid, devoted a n d earnest^advo- cate of Republican principles, ah indefatigable worker,: rrespondeiice c4 The N. Y. Tribune.RoCHtfSTfctt, N. Y ., May 17, 1860.At this moment there are in session, in Pittsburgh,Hnjhlin lends all the rest. H I The meeting was eloquently addressed by the Presi-and overthrow great rnen who have been long in the field of politics.5New-School General Assemldy of the Presbyterian phenomenon under the most favorable circumstances. Imrch, comprising a representation of 108 presbyte- The party for Washington Territory go-s out under rs, more than 1,500 ministers and churches, and about care of Lieut. J . M. Gillies of the U. S. Navy, who hasWith united effort, and undivided zeal, the election dent of the New-Brighton Republican Club, Mr. •D! of the Illinois " rail candidate" will be, certain.dicatod the most entire satisfaction and confidence on!—old- employees of th e Hudson's Company—to cut a the. part of the people. The people all joined in raising for the Illinois Senatorship against Douglas, whorh. hemense banner. I t was noticeable that tlie most aeti#amen in raising the poles were, until the recent outrage!upon the ballot-box in Richmond County, Democratsin good standing. Their enthusiasm for Lincoln and and he is free from all those*prejudices which weaken$16 for 110 gallons, although that n o w shipping costr$18; American produce w a s i n demand. MayaCRUsj-pliristandhimcrucified." Thespeaker,ma, Station-Hiusf,andinquiredforOfficer Seymour,at three-storv'framo'buildingintheniarofNo.258\yies nameintheConvention. <try•mapiessive manner, exhibited the nature and Ixweifof the Goepel ministrv, its commission tromthe same time exhibiting a process for his arrest. S e r - Thirtv-third street, owned b y John Ogden, and oecu The very idea of a nominating Convention, however pied by Samuel Mandeville ai a carpenter shop, and implies that there is somebody to be disappointed| f buiiility and faithlulness on the part of all who arelow t h e Deputy Sheriff t o make t h e arrest, on t h o groundihat nopoliceofficer could bearrested onawere two horses, one owned b y M r . V a n Northreck on* friends, and"the very purpose o f the convvution * andtheotherbyMr.Mandeville. Damagetobuilding todisappointthemallbutone. In;thepreseutcasewe- $500.andtostockandtools$1,000. Noiusurarice. havereasontorejoicethatajawgidatewiijtodupoix^le'Lallotii'g was'divided between D r . Alger otCcmmissionor*, and accordingly repained forthwith to West Thirtv-second street, owned by ThomasOhl, qualities, and wbo*o perssouaJ h«storv #»<& hiu so*Th "1?epnblicans here, w h o were all for Seward,were at first cast down with Lincoln s nomination: lulkft; of Dr. Yeomans. who, after being formally in- Bo.wen, he gave ihe officer, Seymour,.a. note -tothe and were damaged to the amount of $800 each. 1 In- Lincoln was not unexpectedly brought forward and but ihev are rapidly coming round, and appeared ducted into office, made a very happy impression by a counsel of the Board, directing.them to attend to the sured for $600 in the Wull street and North River In- thrust upon tho Convention, as more than one. oi tho throughout L e > « V » proceedings fully inspired; real, modest, yet manly acknowledgment of hissur- surance Companies. The origin of tho fire did not candidates of the Democratic rjartv of late havo l^een. withthehopeofvictory. . Q rt'„wv IMflataresultwhichplacedhimbeforehis-brethren matter. ThecounseladvisedOfficerSeymourtogive transpire. Itisthoughtbvsometohavebeeixthe liecampbeforethatIwdybacked*byiastrongauden-The Association first m e t at- their hall at 8 o clock where they weteaddiwesed by B. B. French, Presidentftsfjeka, rc6Doni»ble position. He. a»ked their for-bail, and told the Deputy Sheriff that they would b ework of design,,y thttwa^tlo party at the West', h« waa*kuo.wu in bia o\vi»Untitled Documentj— rr*'"' 'MRS. BURDKI.L CUNNINGHAM.—Mrs. Cunninghamandshall gointo thecanvasswith theutmost'eonfi-sirous of aiding in tho restoration of the-Governmentyet' occupied a national positioa—but his gallant run,it IBnominated. To their support we may with confi- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•H>&ra»e>***•*'«&**•** •iw.ii jltiiiiijo;^a!MJwi4n^iftiM«V^!Jf<iiuB*«tt>rft*iiVPi<M<i^*/ ,-i.rt.*,iv.1 ,••^••^•^ii^aat^^MJritijwiMy^to^^)^..MHmumumwww.fultonhistory.com 