 • as. AVI.iRfhe Qumaua fully concurred in all that had fallen imMr.Draper,andstatedthatwhenhewasinLynn, where men bad thirty or forty cents for their work they were new reduced to tec, and the women had only three and four cents for bin-ling. The public feeling in Lynn andelsewherewasvery Strang against the employers,X . JPF-^-ISAVA-SAB, April 11,1360.a a t previous ratal; sales to-day 1,400 bates.Busnaon, April 12,1800.bate aid towards the shoemakers ant on strike at Lynn, was held in the Commercial Han of Jersey City, aad w a s pretty well attended. The meeting was called for half-USFura^—Meyers'MBwas MA mM. t.•aft.—tlrend,UK; IM« TaUfsarl, SIX- Sight•TOOK BOARD. Pamumnu, Aprfl12,1S80." Htate nrsa, 06Ji, Beading road,11J,; Penasylva—a aa New York a t par.New Oauuaa, April 12,1800. 1,000beieeatprevious quotationsM. H Snihh, B Lewis, Jr., Joseph I. White, Heorv Grin nell, K. P Beers, Rev Dr Krebt, Dr. Jl R Weod, aid severalothers.Mr.H.C.Mitespresided over theproceedings, which werecontinueduntoalatehourofCuenight..4 years, s native of tne pariah of C uin, Ireland.The friends and relatives of the family are respectfcllv invitedtoattend tneinneral,fromthe residence ofhnfetepmttber, Mrs. Faun,173Moar-•.-street. Mayhasoulrestmpeace. Amen.GILBEET —On Wednesday afternoon. April 11, of soarietfever,ADKLI.GILBSET.daughterofthe lateNorrnW.Gil ben, aged 4 years and 7 months.The friends aad acquaintances of th > family are respect- iullvmvitedtoattendthefuneral,this(Friday) after uatm, at tw o o'clock, from the residence of her grand lather.Samuel Sparks, .MO337WestThirty fifth street, between Eighth sn<i Ninth avenues.Gums.—Suddenly,in Brooklyn,on Thursday, April 12. Mrs MART GBIFFIS, wire of Pauick Griffin, a native of the coanty Longfcro, Ireland.lader ihe braad, 'Car-ban A Brother,ae Fred.8.Oomena73 aaehett.BelcherAOo.,25Pearl Ball iBOB*Co..lap ~W. WUS0&.Sitoal by46lour MiraculousVerminDestroyer athevery beetarticle extanttor the preservation of furs aad woollen coeds from moths and vermin of all.than. Mohouseafaouid iawithout it. SoldMailed, free o f . FREDERICon reosnipi of urtsipADY, robnaser, U AnnsL,M.X.Iii U n i o n C o a t v e n t l o n New ORIAARB, April 11,liMJUaioB Cenrsation m e t a a dNoaroLK, April 11, I860. the Germaatown. from theaataBT.*ndfrtrrem Uistoreenrr«a!atnt«ht Many r»fu*ownour oouaes in this ru*«r.d nav our taiea an anon aa due. which c%o •!«• prnveil hv tsw> pnoSVt reeorea 'c the witv HallThirds- Mr. Wee»n«a»a:—• *•• urn abort measure " Tbia rartcwa n us, us tip anbb> buy ue»-!v W) 008 ton* of coal per 'ear of es aird ?rt-r fjsrole are frtvelly »••«* strict about«ei(r%ts a*«l'sae^aurta thto the r*ch and Uwewere found cheatli r tfcrj wnciri aartirniv Imtre :is and purebaae their eoal it Mr Wr»K8. whom turv left aome time asx>, far reaaons beatMo* m hiSMrif. iwner bw oppoalknn <oua. Fr.irth'vMrWeeksmi»•w.aellinferiorenaL"Tbiatal^irue, aa w«»a«U-nl»'hree kirria of eoal from the 'jack*-' arjtia. ^m-aotmi and 1ttir*no veina. and if auch e n : ia m f«-•iorwb"; didWeeks curehiee a fewweeks arca r^rjro«f '^•rar.or er>»;. and jre*» na to bn\ I from him ofl'ertngtt even at lea* orier tb»p «•• were pavmrTriniiy c t urchThe relatives and fnendB o< the family are respectfullyuivited to attend the tui-ral at Trinity church, on datur- uay aiteiroob. at half past three o'clock<'An,>o<nA.\ —Suddenly, on Tbursuay morning. 4pri!l2, tViixun W BoK&ib. uitatt son of Dr. John M and £su>lie Camneoan.CASXL.—Lost, o o the passage from Shanghae to Japan, i.n riiturday. Dec. 17. 1S69, A.rGC3rcs P. CAKIX, son of the late T 1' Carl), o( Baby ton, L. I.&>NViT —Alter a ubgermg iliness, H . J- COTWAT, dm- matiai.mthe0>Hbyearo bisage..njghttO]• o'clock, aanght aarorain Oiwe|».Odwww, April 12, 1S0D.—amif TAaaenawarn' my m saaaaaw.w ^ ,Tile Hast Desirable Meek Ties e f the •tea-ft *»_M aVJsV|00 '•Our Guests." H e passed a high eulogium on the de-,acceptedaaadrugand tail .eery store, and the upper tertian aa ramdenees. was tie itroyeobyAreearlythaatrmag. Thebuildingwasin<oradtar«10,fl«0,thedruagstorefor$.1,000 andthe mil The ftra M soppaead to hare beanTci funeral will take place from N o 12 Bemsen street, Brooklyn,on Saturday atoming.the loth instant,at10 o'ciuck. The friends are reepectfuity invitedto sttnad.astIndian,isatiJOHN OSBOBM, at. THBTTMMOKOWBB8>OOMTANTOF• bapey tc ompan; am o v e m e n t s . 3AVA.TSAH. April 11, I860.His friends an>i taoso or the family are respectfully to The eofcl » f aell ,.ur euat -mera -ieciare to ua to be the be*-, vit<-d to attend uie fuserai, from the church of the Messiah,1 li-Arr tby Ml), ApriTu--AiT fJsytaO ante Morway, MaOvereoatafront•& ta JKMN1HU8.exhibition of the National Actda- panodtothepublicinthe'scabs." (Cheers.) Ithad been announced, and somepapers unfriendly to thestrike had mistakenly put>- attheorinciBOlseoot813Broadway,aadbyalldruggiaseve denceofhermother.ManAMSUAH. Kavam.oftheAcademy,onttacomerofTenthstreet Asiausual, preliminarytothe general openingofthe«»'**»'- to"ttapeople,"asocalled -'private riow" was afforded on Wednesday evening to nearlytwoihnnaawrlinvitedguests, representingthe wealth, fashion, beauty and intelligence of the metropolis, of the moot datinguahort cetebrltaB erary and pottttral wotio. ih,thereunjooonthepresentoccasion . brilliant and agreeable that has taken 'years,and ;f by reason of the crowd all Ohasaatatacttan could not be enjoyed which oho mightsonjustreceivedat108BroadwayJKMilSt>.11, 18«.deliberatelymight h e said, and in this they have fully saceeeled, ia asmuch>as t t a spaschaa delivered tad night are sow a s irrecoverably lost a s the rejected scrolls Of t h e Sybil, o r the tad beota of Dry.roid,thoseofhnbrotherintew,John T. Harroht, ais> 7 BlMrSON.ew; Oasnatny E, Twelfth regiment, aad the members of tneMetropohmn ponce of the Eighth preciact are renpeetfullymrued toattendhisfuneralonSundayafternoon,atoneup at 4 P Mceased statesman. aad UABI aaaad t t a desfj aJtbottea wbleh be always felt tor him. A s a proof el' tnia h e remarked mat betook me earliest opportunity of voting tor him. In the month of July, 18i2.be w a s selected b y a Committee of Osmsaon Council to otter up prayers on theinvited to attend her funeral from tne Rev Dr Vanneet a church(Twentyhirststreetnear Sixth avenue) oaSat urday afternoon, at two o'clock, without farther invitation Her remains will b e taken to Greenwood for interment.Bnsw8rss—At Mount Vernon, of whooping cough,4X5 GBOTBB A BAIhOUJaUoab FAM1LT a-WTMOtotk.twasatleastapieaanratoardldaethethrong,andiinge andhisonlyhope andtrust wasthat themenoatonout the tew hero and there whose nenpef have become strike would remain firm to the test (Cheers.)cclock.Hattlord aad Philadelphia papers please amy. LCCKWOOP.—On Wednesday, April 11, ot disease ofthet-.-an. Mrs. MARGARST LOCKWOUD, aged 43 years. Ii3>-friendsandacquaintancesofteefamily,andofher gon, William Lockeuod, are umted to attend the funeral,'LIE:Friday) afternocc, atleooclock,at No 33NorfolkDeastaotr prompt Brae,B. BRalrTRBTH. ht D — tor—SixyearsaeoIwas aflhcMd withaniawe,wblehwaasoseverefeetmylawwasfbrai length ef thae dsspairsd of. Waaa I rear—red I- IeouMwith dtiBeriHy scstain aIspaaed of ever beiag sheto hasMr McCkwnrv. of New York, next addressed the meet tendance, and the evenmg paaned away as nteooantiy tog to a teeling and pathetic address. He complained muchofaportionofthenewspaperpresscirculatingas the nature of the circumstances permitted. false reports respecting the strike, and instanced in par Theexhibition itself iaoneofthe best that hao ever ticulnr the conduct of the New York Am. Butthey"fhntiBar an honosholil words." A I n e band was in at-Noofthepnbhcwhichpromptsit tntent tta well merited support, it has begun to receive.hie onebaaonlytoprrooceure a bottte front any respectable grocertotest savoryqrialttfoa. Orderss-ippbedb-^AJ i'skKBK, Mo.In atreet,sole tar the tailedStillCsUwbaandIaabeUa Wlmes "FOB COBBLMBS."A Delistaus Drtntctor sals in casks or rr the gallonFBiL. A. b COZZaWB, 73 Warren Crlstadero'a Hair Dee, Wigs and Ton-oeiyhav, _selected an obscure journal ia whichTheonlyremarksworthyofaungaliiareferencean SetpasstheseeeeaofHr.Weeks,withoutrefadogaaoaatis- those or the Bee. Dr. Kreas. He replied to the toast of ktaiemeeta altaougb we have art mush moaev to s"«ad forbury aU the sohd loginand by any cnanee nave taaad e x - U, boweeer. an great puoiic reasaresofpoetpratwimmrhsp- no petal atat! Thesociety, intended t o suppress whateverTheToif. UsrowCocnsn,L. t — Parse$100. Mile!tn sve, to wsgimsH Jones entered g . g . Prince John HWoodruffeotereefb.g.PoetBoy l\ Pnterenteredeh.g.SamWribaterTime 2:38—£.3i>—2:36\'.Bar. SUtltewwlire Howe Meticerf tteercrtof a meecaajr of eaal dealers and tToeera in your oaeor of . *• 1ith meant, aad annod law aad ardor at^tesae. we esanettad they coriticre'obn- i> in cr»i>-eiceto the eheao slatv TheUnitedStatesataamahip Florida, from NewYork, perintendentofthehotel Thefollowing axe thenames i»iisiocTKch"-vkillon&lthatfl-^nd*ourdtvinthespringand728 Broadway, this (Friday) afternoon, a t one o'clock Fuss—On Wednesday evening, April 11, at ten-rnvea hare a t 1 0 o'clock o n Wedi—iday ngiu. A ll of a few of the gentlemen present —r> B. !>rake, R<—whfrh wo re pectftMeeoa! dealer or oedler win buyv Fifthly. Mr Weekgsay« "we avr?*d bad money a out thentv 'The.. Mr Kdttrr. a t direct fal-ebood and Mr Weeks ahould*>eoioeeeut-dffh»'knowsofitand «'.fallstor.reinform^- ttooandbriertheeufitrrjartiea.Ifanv.toj-untee;andwehurl HurtIr.'ohis*\crtheatteccpttnm,"treouroharaeteratna i»w>nsnr*tv where weha*^ lived twenty years and h*ve never buen taken up .or stvtos ahiwi weight or paaatng bad m-inev Wearepertectivwiliwft«oie+re thiamatterinthe aandaofF0MX COGNAC BBANST i.'ciock. TIMOTHT W Fumi.son of Mr. Wm W FHnn,aged nay be obtained tn ef eoedsee10 MCby all present. H e (the Chairman) would not de-Hod.Mr. Dnajmn.on pri•anting bimaeffto the meeting, was reaoteed with kmd cneers. H e commenced b y stating that if be made a n y tengthy remarks, b e hoped thev weald excase htm; bat that h e had taken suchaa interest in the matter since the strike first took place that he felt it his incumbent duty to aid and assist the poor man in everywayinhispower. {Applause.) Theobjectsofthe mooting had been so plainly and explicitly described by their Chairman that he woold not touch at all upon that subject beyond the fact of laying that syaapnthy wanvery good in itself, hot wan of very utile avail when it was not accompanied b y aid and relief to the thousands who were now suffering from the op pri—tmi ef their employers yet he had no dread whatever hot a brighter epoch woold soon down upon them, and they woold eventually triumph. (Load cheers.) Material aid wan required a t t h e present time, and this was what such meetings a s the present were called upon to dispense. H e regretted exceedingly that the assem- blage was not larger, yet each could, in some way, con- tribute towards an object so praiseworthy in Itself and so josa. (Hoar,bear.) Hewasgladtoinformthemthat oatofthethree thousandthat hadstruck inLynnand the otbsr towns, there were only one hundred and fiftyBroaiway, near Doaae atrsst.years and lo months.The funeral will take place this afternoon, from 06Lewn street.""••"•»—On Ttcrsday, April 12,after a longaadpainlul illness. Gaoeax Hinr,sa».N. aged 61 years and 2 men theThe relatives andfriends,also.Company A,German Hussars, Capt. Buuke,Third regiment, are respectfully in vised to attend the funeral, tins (Friday) afternoon, at two odock, from his hue residence, No. 173 ijasex street, withoutfurtherinvitation.HmaoN —On Wednesday evening. April 1 1 , SABAR HCKSOB, a g e d 2 y e a r s a k d 6 m o n t h s , y o u n g e s t d a u g h t e r o f My lee and Sady Hurson.Thefriendsandretalivaa ofthefamilyarerespectfully invited to attend the tunerai, from the residence of her pa ream, No. 91 West Forty -sixth street, ton (Friday) after- noon,athalf pastone o'olock.Jonas.—In this city, on Thursday, April 12, after a lin- gering illness, Mr VOTESJonas, in the 48th year of his age. The fznnds of the .amuy are invited to attend the fune- ralserviceatSt.Anuscnurch,Eighteenthstreet, near Fifth avenue,tha(KiUay)morning,atteno'clock. HnremainB will be taken to Cypress Hui Cemetery. KSTSKR—On Thursday morning, April 12, at the resi-\J baa been aad Myet tasenhactarina eatfisani iryto 1 Harea will ope* for the benefit of Ua neater*-*awawaaaasplendid store a t 407 Broadway, a street where eaa be found a largerterswiPUBLTHrTKD THS DAT.DO WOT LET TOUM CHILD DTK. BVBBT MOTHMM-9 BOOS.,THB CHTLD'B BBBT DOCTOE. Betogaeompieiecourseof tasstlBni farttameat of Mathers sad ChildrenB y A . F e a a t e g . a t P .PRJCS Twawrr vrvn Cum.Bvery mothrr in Ameram should have a copy o f tan.«;B.CatBianw, AprflII,1800.The Labor Hsvemeat.3UBTIN6 IN JltSBT CrTT LAST NIOIHT—TTHPATHT MvT«r Wood, where B oroperly fcn.onga, and also our tntereataANS AID TOWARDS tBS KEN ON STRIKE AT LTNN. 1TC.;n the hands of a just public, a* we are con idea*, thai juauee willbetfoneas,andenrrepntattonaforveracitysadbooest* atittained. We are aenr but bmieat and for the truth of allourstatementswerefertenpublictothewellknowncoalcom oanies and reapretante anal dealers from whoos we make o a r purchases, ruch aa tat Delaware and Laefcawanna Coal Ho. the Delaware and Radeon ' oal Co . the Pennayl'aaia Coal Co, and Messrs Toone A TaImage and Frederick Wagjwr.l&i OOAL PMOLKAS.Lastnightameetingontheabove subject,the oatenai ian. advancing tendency, sales to day, 1,000 bk- object of which was to sympathise With and contri.;Howardaaaootaaaorflaeheldat00 Wheat pastseveno'clock,battheproceedingsdidnotcommence o y a a t : w h i l e a t t l SO a t l 7 2 ; r e d , $ 1 4 8 aThe tuaeral will take place from her late residence, No. Drawings ofth\e Delaversvre State Lotte- :'7Princt street,en Saturdayafternoon,atbatf-pasttwoitttet at The a MB., yejtow, 72c. a 7Se. Pro- r. Whiskey caned a m at 22'is. a 22}ic. ftmti—mi, April u, 1800.until after eight. Mr. Alonzo C. Draper, editor ofthe Mechanics* paper in Lynn, was present aa a deputation on behalf of the thousands who were at present sufferingfrom the strike in quest:an.W O O D , M l D V A t ' O , M a a a s e r a n f t h eDIUVIKI. CSOaSU, XHirrVCKT 4JTD 0080001 STATBLoriaaiaa.DsxaWASs-Kxina CL*SS, B»O ITS, Arnn. 12. 1MI. 41, 1", 58, 11, 20. 71. 68. 18. 9, «6. 19, 42.DOLAWAKa—Cuss Mo. 176. Aran. 12, ie6010. 69,28,29.f6.64.61.48,25,21,7,70.38.Ctreotas seat free of eherse by aawrosategWOOD, MDDI A CO., wlhategtenv DelawareofficialDrawtmnrnofHedges, Davis*fc CO.snrasiliitsasLoMerlaaefQearwia—a V s o c i i p r e c n e i y .&.AMIL10N —On Thursday, April 12, after a lingering 111-snesvans,86. wheatactive:rod, , 0167 a $170. Corn advanced • M* 70B. a 78c P i n i H a — steady.— ,., Aprfl M, 1800. 18caISM*. rVoratTjaUMM*?e;terd.Yerte, April IS,1860. BELOW.Mr. Mooes Richards wan called to the chair, amidst plaudits, and stated that the ttrst busi-ms the seteetion of a atand com to act aa Secretary, when Mr. Dickson wanunanimouslychosen,fortheofflse»ge.the friends of the family, also the members of Lexing-tonLodge,No.310,F.andA-M.,arerespectfullyinvitedto attend the funeral, o n Saturday afternoon, a t two o'clock, from 7 4 iTince strtet, B-tokiynHAVASD—On Thursday morning, April 12, JOBS HA YARD, in tne 40th year of nis age.Hafriends,andthoseofbisfatherin-law,RichardTen Eyck,arerespeeti—lymviteutoattendthefuneral,fromHe also uses the Iron and soiahur Fiwaers a sereO.CHAROCX.. rose; Mew Fork, bakes oversi srspphad, ageldbytheOliveiiahed, that it was at an end. Such was act thetruth,asnine-tenthsofthemenwerenoblyholding out against thetyranny thatwasendeavoringtobe exercised towardsthem. (Applause.) Mr.Draperthen went on in a lengthened address to speak of the sutler, ingsandenduranceofthemenandtheirfamilies,and their determination to hold nobly out against the power- ful opposition with which they h a d to contend: a n d after relatingsomeanecdotesinproofofhisassertions,con- cluded an excellent speech by calling upon all present and absent who vnlied the rights ot trade, to come for-rywhere. Pnee » eoni awto«y..Thefriendsofthetamuy,anaatherbrothersJohnand BenjamiaKeyaer,arerequestedtoattendherfuneral, the(Friday;afternoon,attwoo'clock,fromtheresidence oi hermother.t<4«Waeb.icgtoi'streetLatniABD —in this city, on Wednesday evening, April li, Tn,.nn eldestscucfthelateJosephLeonard.Tne relatives anu frien.la of the family are invited to at t-'c ; the funeral, thus (Friday) alteraoon. a t two o'stack, .romhislateresidence,44Stuyvesantstreet.LCIHXK.—On Wednesday morning, April 11, of eon- sumption, HKHRT M. LCTHKR, engineer, aged 36 years, » uonthe and 19 days.Hecrive.ohearth,hisfadedform, In thy coin bosom Vet it be;Safeletitrestfromeverystorm. Soon man it m e no more t•> lie.ward and am them in then- good work. seat amid deafening plaudits.He resumed u sHenryK M . LeMoyne.nantW. Duncan, of t h e troop, h a s resigned, A. Cragin has been elected to till the vacancy.of the Seventh, to take place daring theansomg summer, wfllaartaihtalty ta oneofdent affaire o f its kind Itwillbeoftwoweeksduration Ho timeandnotyet*Th^h*i-es amifranrfa-^ invited to attend the fnasrel_from^ ^ ^ ^ ^her hue restdenos. 0 0'- --->eoffteersofthe Seventh to have this a camp of instruction, where theofaid W tne atirac- • sartesof oujokstass.Ml BHBatnsanf -an• "'sa-badly hurt. A boy naaed Hig- badly eat, and one of the "Dead Rabbits" was severely cat is the arm with a dirkta the hinds of one of the other party The pohce soon arrived.under (hat. Dowlmg. and order bete* restored, the of the pin fin iMsce was preceded with.0whe a number o f persons besides t h e above badly injured. bat their names could not b e ascertained.WolfeslitlHir aroma nneaawn inrjMCsSTB, XsTwaawVl . VriCstBtawsattdTwiUaeMuif. yet aor reoutattoca aad gaod names are de»r er u> ua than votd aad stiver. Soaee at na were s w e a t s * tats «o eailed eoal deataraatee.ing. n d eanaav ttat the proceed in—werereported sonsally, aadoutofw»seatsealersaad -an* taoaaenea of growers, there were present three eoal dealers, foor sroeero aad six eoal eart drivers, a large repre- •ectattonofthetradetoOtiajrreatettv.ButUifacta. MrWfeeaef&elaaye:—"Wearepeddlingseatceased. He did not remember having taken any "•vi-omitHeonn*." We.ronrumwtbw>itit'u* asthetcHtain Brewstercelebration of the funeral obsequies of the de-ASSABABBSK,mian; oaughler ofJohnL.and Elizaoei-part in any public demonstration ta honor of Heiry Clay since that period until thepresent, however mucnbe has always delighted to show h e respect and reverence forthememoryofsonobieandillustriousaman. <A? pause.) He believed, as Henry Ciay did,that tharw should Oh one united feeling pervading every department of our public afiaira, s o that there might be." in truth, one country one constituti-m, and one liberty sow and forever.Ex Governor WASBIWGTOW Hrirr made i lengthy speech eulogistic of the private lite and public virtuJo of th» de- ceased.The H o n . B BROOKS, with stentoriih laijrs, relieved himself of a variety of stale platitudes, the ekiuf feature of whichwasaainvocationtolibertvingeneralsaddifferent things in parCco'ar In the course of his address lie paid a high compliment to the "hewers of woodaac drawersorstone''The musical part n the entertainment was on the whole very good, and theguests bad their inward wants fully attended to b y the cioee attention of Mr Boigers, the su-»be Major's oflv-e »ill afci* that we pay tain the City Treasurr 'jr ucens** t - seii coot, many thousand dollars, whereas the srooermandsuchcoalOeateraaawere present atthatrnonliin tie nt,t pav OCP pf.oaj tor rets.lir.jr. eaal.Fe«m<?1--Sir1eeBS*»Tr—"That'aeeoa'pedler*oaynorrni' Thlawe'euv, f»wedo r»f ao^e^• rent rahle rent I C. &ERKU>.wit« of the Kev. Dr Berrtan, rectorofT A M. T . LBTT1T L. aad51aaratn -laanasatpbr a«i Waaeh-atttaofarieos qualities, allhe beat terms.Msw TOR*, Aprfl 2,Heemw, Ttael aure,appliedttoasarBswtegMasJ Tminutes. BMTIII PKiCM SO iJB«AA7Da»COL MT Tt. THSfhAfrfc. Orearahy maa1lae^phed. postage paid. Com-IJO wonaTory H-inMRU. deed tea atreu Cj(./litaA.i, OSJOOU. KtjLDhi. aad aBLP-tlMTBM.1.I.H&MMBRCO..OSBroadway L<adyRead*reaftine Herald,whentonwu>h Gauer Boota aad rhoea fjr yourtelves aad families,pa --.•oi^eMII.l.hlt & fjO. * 7 t'Aiaiatre*tBtelneray A Son»OTKaWXBtihG OBAADS kWP 'QCARS i'XA.V *Warerooma 6*and 66 Waller street giagtr's Bewmna- Blaeatsmea.* AifaUNfTBM MBWBTTI*•>«ai«aed for ail sasnufaetaring purneses, aenelam tn I ervjon,wry rasCana eapabfi<g_***n htodCrfwork.letnimg Sew.—AtTfUMM. BIMDaM, AMP aaCOB COMBWMD juatpatent•»the beatmaehtee ever prod-need Prteeool» 91Wbeen opened toa NewYork public. There couldnotexpectmuchfromthatpaper,astheestablishare not an many nsaanwo aa there were teat meat was composed of a parcel or " rate.' a term used *HK otm TM ^ - t rafiau-, * OO., 468 Bruadwar, Mew York 1 enievry. after ssaag whlefc I fbund mysaif<peat,taBhipetalofexcellence,beauty,or- intheprintingbusinesstomeanthesam^as"scabs''ia der of siiaagnamil and diversity of subjects, their trade. (Hear, hear.) All the men of Lynn •no ehaatey • b y for superior. In fact, what may b e wanted w a s fair remuneration for their labor, and he catted a poor nsfeUmg does not hang upon the walls. T h e hoped they would never give in until they h a d posturesareailfrwau,modern,onsubjectsinterestingand triumphed gloriously inthe cause they had entered antrectrve and the artists are Irving men who carry abent upon. (Applause.) This w a s a great tend of freedom, wah them and represent in their works the spirit of the and their forefathers had made it so; and no one sap. The noble to seme degree hero become weary of ahouldsuffer from hunger where that wan the case. Where Isnhtnt open torn oat teahamed, ansnafy paUnrmof two plenty was to be had poverty should not prevail, and he samrtiarl years a g o , wtach, while valuable an relics ot called upon them in this "great, glorious aad free' coun-try, to rally round the men of Lynn and their families, exeinde snore modern and perhaps equally deserving and nobikonito to defeat the oppression of their bosses. Mr. McCafrthy, after a lengthened speech, resumedhisWmeeier & Wtlsom'a Sewing Ofaee S0> Broadway, Mew Tare.Hnctiiaea..'..-'-.-.HerremainswillbeinterredinGreenwood massnil'ofyourmeetvaluablePifli,11 MrascN'A—lr.thiscity,onThursday,April12,Mrs.derItbutjosttoetoyouandtheseHerring's Patent Champlet Fire and Banter Proof Safes, m l Broadway, corner of Murray street. Bow lark. __________________AllkindsafHeal Estate tnthe market t -r aaie.—Photographs for advertising prepared by HoLMiSS, 3!5 nroadway.Saw TOR*. Aprfl A :MOORS.—At Gold Springs, March 7. of convulsions,ar such testimony to the progress seat amid kmd cheers, b y calling upon them not to suffer **uce la superior to atl other* now ta was, aad sold at a much -ui-HiA C , w ' e oi Wiluam K Moore, age 62 years. S h e lhe beat medwms to the world Tonr* trulythewniteslavestostarveMr.BRAJTBIstatedthatitwashighlycreditabletothe N iw YORK HSRAID (or the fair and disinterested part it bad taken in the matter from the commencement.Ahandsomecollectionhavingbeentakenup,acom- mittee was appointed to carry ant the deaigna ofthe meeting, when a vote of thanks having been tenderel to the Chairman (or his excellent conduct white presiding,shortly after(Military Affairs.T U B KATIONAJL GUARD..-The right wing of this regiment will assemble In foil uniform, gray pants, for military exercise, at the State arsenal, on Tuesday, the 17th task,, a t 8 o'clock P. M., left wmg on Thursday, the 19th inst. at the same hour.Underorders from headquarters, an additional com- pany has been attached to the regiment, to b e known b y the totter K. They will serve as light artillery or as In- fsnsry, as U » cosnmandnnt may direct. The following atetaonwjstn^tentan.EgbertL.Vwte,(formerlyof theUnitedStatesArmy01stLieutenant,&C.Farrar;2dParker Brs'i, Celebrated Liondoa Clab irasrate iwilapecaabteatthe hrnaraM.lunch,ordinnertawasanativeof London,Eng.,and wasinterred inthe Masonic Cemetery at Columbia, tai.NICHOLSON—unWednesday.April 11,JAMMSMALACBI, only son of John and ELen Nicholson, aged 2 years a n d 16 days.Funeralthis(Friday)afternoon,attwoo'clock,from ihe parents' residence, No. 188 Twenty third street,to Calvary Cemetery.ScBXPsa.—On Thursday, April 12, WAaBarGTrn. son of Christopher and Catnrme E. Schoper, aged 4 years, S months and 13 days.HisremainswillbetakentoTrinityCemeteryfor inter- ment, t h a (Friday) a-'ternoon, a t two o clock, from Eighth av-aut- anu Ffty first street.SHARP—On Wednesday morning, April 1 1 , HORACE WARRBH. intent son of John A- and Abby Jane Sharp, aged 6 months anu 2 3 days, 0The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend thefuneral,from theresidenceofhn parents.No.134East fifty-thirdstreet,tha(Friday)af- ternoon, a t one o'clock,Tssmn-a.—On Wednesday, April 11, RICHARD K-Tsn HMCH aged 38 years.Thefuneralwilltakeplacethis(Friday) baitpasteleven,fromtheresidenceothisIVrbeun.at Hacsensack, N . J . tars teave Jersey Car a t half-past nine e clock „ . _Vamn - I n tha ettr, oa Wedaantey, Aiwfl U , after a sherVttmam,Bbw.Gira-un« Vsrroa, a aative of D-ase,JAsrasMtntrarr.JBOWenewest. eeJd at 25eaan per box, with fall direaatoas. at toe n lainlpaaT onia*.MMOsaalstreet,aadatMa4Uasu*sajuare,aadbyaBpeee-Tha beet ta the world, privamly appaed, 4 Aenr Bouse.S antlfadP- -1 has achieved n ostein III a s .al retail, aad tta dyeti sWigs.~'igs^-CUrehoghAs111aatve Wigssiimlsiia•mealanSabtasss Iniaiiij1fir MBiiraadwaj. hwwaxts.;nr»Untitled Documentnaatoqnte then,but a party tn tfe- boys," oa^erto-* " t e a terrible at S body leapedthey kept up a~of th e reanaoaoawdx anditby theBtwCfcecKx, of Itethnsfa, L r ., to Misaissi Cteosn,Lawrence L. Ton Eteeek, af Hew York. Gaors—Maasi^u. —On Wsdaesday erentng, April n ,in the Stanttm street Baptist church, b y the Bar. Dr. H n oox, EhWABD GBOOT to Man fAtom MISBBHT, third da> gh«r of the >*ie Jes. Marahail, all of tha city.HALL—PVUMS — On Thursday, April 12, at the Church of the Ascension by the Bee. Jssn Cotton Smtth, Hi AroisoK B HAUto Kan FAJHH B , daogntor of John A. Peilea, taq , aU ot tna etty.Lover*—Pmujre—On Wednesday, April 11, by the Bee. W . A Bartiett. Mr Gaonas Lovnrr. of K*w York. t« Maw Bana I., daughter of A. H. PhiUipeBrooklyn.D i e d .BARBSX—On Thursday, April 12, Hssnrr Anocsnm BanofHat, SpringF"f22 Hitmends,andmost:orhafatherintew.ThomasH»r mAM1LTBMWT1 1 3drBan, aged 00 years and 3 stoatta.Cuss 303. Aran. 12, 10MLtain them at any length, bat onid he should 59. 6, 47, 43, 28, S4, 18, 42, 44. 12. 1, «S, 39, 50. ha late residence, 266 West Eighteenth street, this (Fri- LTJBXJNB ftBAMD faTwaaA, BT W atmerelystatetneobjectwhichhadcollected them tagether. namely, msympathise with, and send relief to their rteyrassert fellow men in Lynn. (Bear, hear.) Theywere m a very bad stato at present, and it was the dotyof aUwho valued andappreciated theworkingsofthepoor man to come forward on th e present oooaaton, andrally round the men of Lynn. (Applause.) Ho would Beta now call upon Mr. Draper to address the mooting.HODOIB, »AT1B A CO.flnat On Thursday, April 12. HOHOEXB HXTBT, the beloved, wile of Thomas Henry, native of the county Sligo, Ireland.The tnends, and those of her brothers, John and Henry Crenn,are requested toattendthefuneral,thaday,Fri day, from her late residence, —u Avenue B.r-icea ~-st"r-) a; Sat Bsoadway CireularB sent day) afternoon, at two o'clock. ,LACK. TheSeeO.Flowaa.Flewoa.BarerTlsaas Baioaralle, Oar Barqas te "Astor He EUMTADUSKKBtThT,e* Co.'sBmeceaaom,offashionmrAliAXIISAT'ATTLD a T l d ' sBate BalearoomHoiLS—On Wednesday April 11.of scarlet fever. Wn-Style o f Oeatlen lam's LIAMHn-nt.son of Wuham aad Ciansaa Bofte, aged 4 f\B THCB8DAT, AFBH. 11 BROW (TBX a_ufB vf e a s i b l e . « - P e a » p l e fB/tea B a y T h e t rat BOX'S t U Broadway, afaow tkeir pcod sense. His spring style a a beauty.White's "Seaaatloa" Ostyle—W111TM, aatssr. 21G Broadway oppoatte St. Paul's church. ,Brooteijm^-Fart Indisputable, thatW il- LIAMBOS rf Photographs are bicomparahly above aUcompe UtioninNew Tork or the eouatry.Springfarther supply reeeteed at S66 Broadway.Ladies' Drees Rosette Trimmingssettee. Gimps aad Braids, a t LOCKITT, BOH A CO. '8 2ol JTuhcn street, Hrookiyn.H a t eSl"».—Ao'clock, from hte late 47 Benwick street BTCHAXAV—On Thursday. April 13, at her tear* OLD BLBXTK BCTTOMS AMD aTXTDB No154#estTwentiethstreet,BUBOAR—A wife u ~ ta OCALLBM,of Wiiltem Buchanan, in the 32d year of her age. : LEM GOLD W1DDIIO BLWOS The reiauves aao friends of the family are respectfullyBKEKIAS—OnThjrB'fay mwning April12.MrsJABTSBnrsoa IsxAircuess, ^A»B, wife of P. Hamilton, in the 48th year of her Torn, oaes Otive Tar » relieve pasas and "to cure sThe relatives and frieaus of the family are respectfully—vued to attend the funeral, from his iate residence, No.'31 Greenwich street, this (Friday) afternoon, attwo blood,theyarerunLoci&aBLCVT,wifeofJacobMussina ofNewOrleans.The reUtt.vee and friends of the fami y a r e reapectfully invitedto attend the funeral, aithout further notice,on Saturday afternoon^ two o clock, from No. 206 Fourthavt nue.MCLHALI—On W ednesday. April 11, WILLIAM MCLHALL. oreak n y tasga, in eoaeeoaeaae of waarb n y __ Themenusofthefamilyarerespectfullyinvitedtoat- n^ammdedwltodiiiinemandse-erepainta:heheadanttr-n-t the tunerai, from bis late residence, r-5 West Twenty- <:ishih street,.tha (Friuay> afternoon, a t half-past o n e o'clock.aide, and oppreaaien of the hearv I wee aatoaead by phvatonns e f Was stty for three year* wnaoabef. aad bad despaired o f a e n r a till ftaaiiv Itry your FUM.wha* alsaoat tneouuly reBeved sat aad ta a shorttimeearnstenIv restored ny smith 1 easahter thaneEchhardt's FnbltebalbyWM.BALLABOM,A veryTRUE BLCB;SHARKS TfPOM 0HOBX.aeiui.By M. J. arrrm. PRICS Twrnrrr-rivs C o s .•ERBTS JAFAMBBCBfXJT AMD 0HOB FOLI8E.Splendid gloss. Bo rabbets, ant , Bead everywhere. JAPANBBR POUBE447Broomeattest,eaosteerwestaf1SWBLLIXGOFTHBTOMBTL0 aawaaaa.ssaasnwntnt Whneck under the ears,can.j. whichlasoonfollowed perhaps delirium. Be nottaof a few days, If you take tta are'attacked,swallowfromfivetosight<**tinHuaiiats run. If, to eight soars, you aresatetanr.nte tea*more pilhv laor aauld be taken, ana. tfi lace, a smaller dose the third daymeat h aure to euro, - a pteee of AUeock a . _ Plaatersaay beveryadvantaeeotastyappliedtothe , both aides, or BrancretiVa Lliument, or aay odwr safe, warsa- ingappiration. Goodaarawasboatebeasenred-Btmaareta'e PIBs are atakly prised by ail whs suaer fsana billcus a a d liver eossplaaiaaesa deafaeav damaees of thelira, aa a family aperientbeknown. Gratefallyyoars, DAMVtLLR, Ta.. Maret 27,1H.L.Ir»s. B. BRARBRSTH —DRAR SIR—IS the rprteg of UkB I tad MMarMGBat«8BWIMG MACHLM]OgMEOMDTHB CAMP FrMBB OF THB^OneltieieaTttln^^•ftBo. 2 Bewiti Maehtne.M*. I ttowtng Maasaae. •. ••- •The Family Sewtag Mssatoe. A .The Fassflj tewmg ~ LBmnyisswmg aaaaaa*l^atlaAM^am'A^'MJ^^US^&mMrm. sa iaaaasaaasaa|asfThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 