 '"•••<- >f ji[5, awBife.-WSSWH flj^MaT lpaythedebtsofGoveromenVAndnowwehavemen toryhavemorethanonewife? Andfarther,whether enslavea,man^simp^rbecauseheisinferiortoyou "X\\\ ';'y.w-,nJlAIVROAJ) TOLLS.v/:»-;<:-•'.!i^M-^'ireceived,andnroparationsweremakingtherefor.getting up and prbpoeiog to make a homestead, whea, a second marriage is proposed or commanded by aiT' Mr. Chairman, this ifrto me a most abhorrent doctrine. Tfie.Pony Express to Carifom&a. was4 nwt 140 mileeif they are lawyers or sensible men either, they know thority of y*ur church, and whether that injcaction is> It would place the, weak at the mercy of the strong. the Senate disposed of the report of to» Cfonference put, VihoursfronrSt. Joseph..."'"'• * ; v V V / :-"••':•:*!i>jthat the moment the title passes out from the United bindingvupeny our people 1 ' - . - The theory is, that ifA-maa:U.imviplb^^i^1^x^i rf Ctnmnittee on Railroad tolls this-' evenragr by ibsistmg Mat* excitement existed at Decker in eoxiseqtieittW^ _i £ » * * © - ^ *•^ balaa.ce [000 BK»*iedofthialyment mgf:^ :*«m the qoar-showe*rierVfcoafc:!•irea&oo-.^" ** : ^ ;e ©tite an" **&$sending i!<aff\ ationywifii ' K;* friea4» < remote * c .argamar', MT. FOSTER fRcpv, Conn.) presented nuietotm States, he cannot hold it. H the Siate does not wish _ Mr. HOOPER—I will reply to the gentlemais from he is oid; and weak, strike him—-he; catrt- strike upefl the position it had taken. There te'esiif to be a of the discovery of the secret lea* in f*» Grepff 'A* ^M jBtmcriala teem eitizsna of Connecticnt, praAing for to exempt it, it will be sold, the next day. Why Missouri, by remarking in the fixet place that practi- back; if he is a cki'd,' deceive him. Whyi Sir, this technfeaf difference between insisting and^adheiing mining district. In the leadj nuggettr pieces of quartithe aboiJBhment of ppirit raik>n»ui U» hary. Keferred. call* it homestead t It is a misnomer. It is a mis- cally I am not a polygamist, but the accounts which doctrine of the Democrats-rand it is, the' doctrine of rock; meased in scales or leaves of gofa, were ffoand-r' gnp-,two wive« ft11, was not agreed to.duce the States to take it up and carry it out.Mr. GREEN—I understand. Tiiat discloses a won-derful amount of information.Mr. JOHNSON—So far as securing homesteads isconcerned, it is very hard for the Federal Government or a State to secure a citizen in the enjoyment of that which he never poeeessed. One thing is clear, no State or Federal Government can secure a man a home if he never possesses it.Mr. GREEN—He says the same policy and the same popular sentiment. • Oh, there is a wonderful degreedom. Woodruff, Woodson—149.NAYS—Messrs. All«n, Ashmore, Barkedole, Barrett, Booock, Bouham, Bonligny, Bcyco, Branch, Burch, Clopton, Cooper, Cox, Crawford, Curry, Dejarnette, Florence, Fooke, Gartrell, Hamilton, Hardeman, Haskin, Hatton, Hawkins, Hindaian, Hoknan.Houston, Howard, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, Logan, Love, MartLn_(Ohio), McClernand, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Mont- fomery, Moore (AhuV, Morris (111), Niblack, NoelX, Pendleton,helps, Pugh. Riggs, Robinson (IE.), Rnffin, Scott, Smith (Va.), StallwoTth, Stewart (Md.), Stout, Taylor, Thayer, Thomas, Vallandighain, Whiteley, Windom—60.its representative. The following are the returnscslight &OWIIp£«ch pro-'Mr. BROWN (Dem , Miss.)—At heart I think this principle is right, but my constituents do not desire me to vote in its favor. If I was only giving the vote of tAJbert y . Brown, I should Teeord it in favor of thisMr. SINGLETON (Dem,, Miss.) approached, shak- ing hiB fistsAir. BARR, (Dem., N. Y.) and others, restrained him.Mr. BURNETT forced his way into the midst of the circle around Lovejoy, and shoutedy "There is a rule which requires every gentleman to keep his seat while speaking. ' He can speak only from his own seat. He cannot, and he shall not cross this-hall in a menacing manner towards UE, as he has done* He must speakVOTE FOR GOVERNOR. JPsdelford.ProvidenceNorth Providence...... -. 479Scat.c3 7337 I2Twastomroetae Speak-. . - * .fc7S.Covode** ion* testi-B had con-> Philadel- onal eleo- I e had sub.mJ, which itt,Phlla-- imont, ro- ar's Ferry exercised Brown af- ersey and id got an axniog any fy under mJi/mmittee tamon Mr. ground of ny fuTiaerMLaside all ral debate the Houserits of the consumed[opted ma0\ xich some- |>osed bflL yod at theeg to the :further. bsent, and »y agreed 1 about 30 iiissioners.5, 196Uay one of It brirfk* eat sensa-W asabura er roeeti*egume his D&pefled totoo«t•wit atfe» kjeatxoae*; ttapptaw* conaii^**a 5, i860. Senate *»referred to reccdfednomit is ftt".-WWHe asked for an investigation of all the circumstances which transpired since the question was laid before the the House. He wanted to know whether his right to a seat was to be tried on principle, or in a manner un- known/to tie Constitution, the laws, and commonjustice.Mr. DA WES (Rep.,Mass.) remarked that Mr. Sicklescame be/ore the Committee on. Elections this morning. It appearing that Mr. Williamson had not reached the city, the Committee, without objection from Mr. Sickles, suggested that the whole matter be postponed till 10i o'clock to-morrow.Mr. SICKLES said he proposed the matter be sent there now.nostrils; and then sent to the garret to die. He had swoin to support the Constitution, because he loved it, but he did not interpret it in the way Southerners did.Mr. BONHAM (Dem., S. C.)—You violate it.Mr. ASHMORE (Dem., S. C.)—And perjure your- self.Mr; SINGLETON—And are a negro thief into the bargain. »Mr. BARKSDALE—I hold no parley with a per- jured negro.Mr. LOVEJOY said when Daniel Webster spoke of the imposition of Austria on Hungary, he remarked the earthquake and the tornado have power, and the thunder has power, but greater than these was thefre-veaemerifcthe Demo- '**Mr.Pryor1Mr. LOVB-."".^-*' i followed, sonfceat for ;.while Mr. brious epi- --••-- irrendexed f I irgeant-at/ 's restored. •r, and the • r rnembers their seats,Lfovejoy pto- interrogato- estness gaveere abtmd- It" ;ency. A tair withoutsuppose to be popular sentiment. Sir, I will stand by the Constitution of my ountry against public senti- ment, and stand up for just-ce even asramst the rushing wind. I will stand up for light even if popular senti- ment is against it.iwo years' litigation, and says to the settler. Go upon the United States. I stand here to defend popular ihe land and stay as long as you choose, and when- sentiment, but in conformity with the law. I oelievempurporting to be a statement, but it was a mere repe-tition of the memorial of Mr. Williamson heretoforepresented. The House, he apprehended, requiredsomething more than a rehearsal of the memorial. Heheld the notice in his hand, and had prepared ^specifi-cation of his objections to it, showing its ^consistencies, beaier. wiih some remarke.Mr. EDELLOGG, (Rep., IIL), *vooiferated that hie colkague should not commit a breach of the rules, but shouldhave all his rights. ^The Speaker was called in to resume his seat, when the Chairman reported that the Committee rose owing to the disorder.. Finally- comparative quiet was restored.'Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio) eaid, We are in good1Mr. WIGFALL—I would like to know who you cad poor. I stated distinctly yesterday what I meant, and 1 desire net to be misunderstood. It seems I have been, by the Teports. I did not see them—I do not read *h* newspapers—never do. But a friend showed me ens published in Baltimore— Tlie Sinir-and he wasiorrmed at my remarks. I stated distinctly that labor -wis capital. * consider that which would bring money to-any man as capital—bones, muscle, and brains are capita! to a man—and if he chooses not to use them he j« «ailty of a crime, and it is an outrage on those men who do work, that the results of their labor, and en- terprise, and industry—that the money they have made by the sweat ol their faces—ahould be made to support pauperism, which is another name for vaga-baaattti, and that for crime. All these bills that are jntrcdu:ed to provide for the poor, are an insult and, an rurjmtation on the American people. I, myself,havebeenaspoorasanybody. .2lr. BROWN—I am not going to discuss phraseologyAProvidence Co.' *<Hf' Ml; but when I cast one of the votes belonging to the State of Mississippi, I will cast it in acsordance with the wishes of that State, and not according to my own. But, Sir, if the friends of that measure could be induced ;o accept such a propositi m as I have made, and take ihatxestead of the Homestead bill, I woula take theSmithfield Cumberland Cranston Johnston. Sciluate.---..----.Foster Gloucester BurrillvilleTotalNewport Co.Newport- Portsmouth775-515 204. 222 . 343 . 239 . 184 . 285.6007. 476. 200;of. this port, and the; New-York and Erie Railroad Company's propellers commenced running regularlylast Tuesday.•<»•..fvi^riThe California Telegraph.ST. LOUIS, Thursday, April 5, 1860. The operator at Freeno City writes that they are extending the line East Tapidly. It will be in opera- tion to Vitalia, over sixty miles this side of Fresno, in two weeks from March .17, and to Fort T6jon, which is within one hundred miles of Fort Yuma, by themiddle'of May.An office on the Missouri line will be opened atopinicn of some Senatoxs that it is probable they will JwtttorSe^HSfcMr. 06ltax-t*s««y rsported fcem the Post-Officegraph MB, reducing the snbsidj and the maximum property and your own citizens, trat outside of Tennes--crSsS^tXB.'W^WasHiicoToy, April 5,1860.this public land policy, and expended his labor in xear-bg a fiitle cotm the forest,makingalittleimprove-ment, and struggxrng against the dificnlties that sur- sible. It is beyond the powers of this Government, Tvund hxrn, only to find, after a year of toil, that he and in contravention of the express rights of the sev- iad attracted the eye of some speculator, or man of eral States. Then, why call it homestead ? Why noes money than himself. I am not ashamed to stand not call it gift ? It is not homestead, and adopting 31 this presence, and say that by every power vested that name only deceives the public, defrauds the pub- JXme as a Senator I would protect these sons of hon- lic, and it is a cheat upon ourselves. To call it e* toil., I did not listento my friend from Texas (Mr. Homestead perpetrates a fraud on the public. ThisSicklestospeakonthesubject. 'The SPEAKER decided otherwise.Mr. WASHBURN (Me ) appealed from the decision. Mr. SICKLES moved to put the appeal onthe table.TCgfall) with much pleasure yesterday when he said zcvBxty was a crime. No* sir, poverty is no crime. Itmay lead to crime, but in itself it is virtue. There an more men on the list of poor men in this countrymeasure would etrike at the prosperity ot every State in this Union. It would strike down the whole rail- road system, and it is an injustice to the soldiers of the Revolution, and of the war of 181SJ—to whom bounty land warrants have been granted. For, if you pass this bill, the warrants will not be worth a dollar. Is it the object of the Government to tax the rich to build up the poor ? This Government derives it3 power from the States, and is there in that grant any power to tax one portion for the benefit of another ? There is not, and nowever this Senate may vote? however public judgment may pronounce, truth will stand forever. This land is purchased by common treasare. What right has the Government to take this land and give it to the most worthless ? It encourages neglect, idleness, lazinees, and waste. The object of Government is protection. This plan would destroy all incentive to industry. At the end of five years these people would cry. for a new division of land, and, perhaps, the Senator from Tennessee will say the public breeze demands another division.The Senate went into Executive Session on the treaties. Adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.Nr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio), from the Committee on Ways and Means, reported the Post-Office Appro-here that he, had proof of fraudulent votes for Mr. (Singleton) would hold him personally accountable. Sickles, had, in his own paper, The Weekly Dispatch, - Mr. LOVEJOY said that, in four million of slaves, advcitited for information or testimony to sustain his there was not one legal husband or wife., father or charge. Mr. Williarneon's notice on him had failed to child; and spoke about a Presbyterian Elder down point to one solitary illegal vote. He challenged what- South, having the Go3pel whipped into him with the ever scrutiny may be brought to bear on the election in broadside of a handsaw, and of a young girl in Wash- his District. He did not want to meet a masked eneaiy.' ington being whipped until the blood came outof herhad received private letters, saying that certain houses had been fitted up for entertainment at five and sixdollars per diem, including lodging jand bedding. The. landlords of the city charmed the, higkprices of pro- visions as^an excuse for the charges. He should not discuss this question, however, and as he should de- cline voting on any of the propositions before the "Com- mittee, would withdraw.r~—,•,'•'•».',—•—- Democratic Rejoicings.1460644733* 1419 1412 1460644 12,172I wao are honest and patriotic than there are on the iat of mflMouaireB.Warren Banington- —Total.- 196, 78~- 622KKCAprnrLATiojr.with my friend; I simply wanted to give him an op-portunity to sxplain. I mean what is called poor incommon parlance, people "who have not an abundanceof this world's goods, and who may be considered bytheir neighbors as poor. There may be ten thousand J Mr. NELSON (Bo. Am., Tenn.) resumed his re-MILWAUKEE,Wis.,Thursday,April5,1860.. Commissioner Miller of Racine has issued a writ of Helper book because he wanted to do it. He did so habeas corpus in the case of Sherman M. Booth, now without asking the gentleman from Missouri (Clark) in custody of the United States Marshal, for inciting or anybody else. You shed the blood of my brother the rescue of the fugitive slave Glover two yearsauch people to-day within sight oi this Capitol, and perhaps twenty thousand. It may be all well enough fcr gentlemen who are born with silver spoons ha their mouths Kke my friend from Alabama (Mr. Clay), not to-care-for the poor. But. Sir. I came from that class. I was one of them, struggling through the early years of my Hfe for a Irving. I recollect from whence I came and I never hear a taunt thrown at that class of people without feeling as if I must speak in defense of tbtm. Sir, they are the bone and sinew of your land— the musele of your army and navy. When you want soldiers to figbt, you do not get th^m from Fifth ave- nue. ButwSenyou want men to stand in the line, lace the enemies" of the country, you take them frommarks in its support, expressing the hope that the pas- sage would approach' as rear as possible to unanimity. He saw a manifest distinction between interfering with the rights of property and the right to declare criminal an act which u so declared by the law of God. The existence of the institution of polygamy in Utah is an insult to the moral feelings of the -whole pop ulation—an insult to the wives and daughters of gen. tlemtnhere, and those of their constituents. It was a reflection on our national character that it should exist under the protection of American law.Mr. HOOPER, the Delegate from Utah.—My re- marks, Sir, on the bill now under consideration will be brief. However much my own feelings might prompt me to speak at length upon the subject now before the House, the propriety of doing so at this time is In myrisdiction; but, Sir, when it is proposed to extend fight himself away. Were he (Lovejoy) a slave, and amount. He was arrested thisevening.votes, and perhaps they will account (with some am ill5 5 c class of people to whom I have alluded. These are the men who will settle or one hundred and sixty seres, the men who have settled my own State anl the State from which the Benator comes—Texas.Every manon, our State ticket, we have<nodoubt^ { is elected, though we have not waded-through the figures. Boyd and Buell will drop a little behind tJ ie other?,, probably, but. not enough to.endangeif tb eir election. The vote of- this Spring is enosmeusr; it must include thousands of illegal votes. IntfcevFre- mont Presidential campaign the heaviest vote ever given was. cast., amounting to 80,325, and it * ras t& large that The Hartjord Times^claimedit must b< j frau* dulent; and yet, only three and a half years 1/«ter, i a a Sute election, we have SS^^lA^votos « *st! Ayear ago, when Congressmen wereatstalce,; and the vote was very full, there were only 78,608. This in- creaee cf nearly 10,000 votes ia one yeao ia *excessive,Mr. LOVEJOY, in speaking of John Brown, said and six children perished in the flames, the eldest of and strongly smells of fraud somewheiev 7 :he certifi-judgment questionable. Many gentlemen, knowing that gross calumnies have been circulated against my people, and taking a lively interest in their exposure (for wnich I thank them), have urged me to let all the facts be known in a speech or speeche3 upon this floor. Sir, when the time comes—and come it will, for events are even now shaping so as to bring it about—that my rrmarks can be properly heard ana weighed without cent men, who would not go upon one hundred and the prejudice which unhappily prevails at present, those charges which have been solreely and unscrupu- lously made shall be met, and their falsehood made ap- parent to the whole country. Until then, Sir, I am content—to wait- In the mean time, I can only appeal, Sir, to the dispassionate and the unprejudiced to think better of the one hundred thousand of their fellow- citizens in Utah, born upon the same soil, nurtured under the same institutions, and speaking the same tongue,than to suppose them capable of conspiring with one accord to perpetrate such offenses as those whichMr. BONHAM—We want you to assert it 1.Mr. LOVEJOY—When you callus small fanners, Springfield to-morrow, and the line will be extendedMr. WIGFALIr—Thought the Senator was assail- Jog b?S own State, and inquired who were the men rfcnt formed the Mistdsstppi regiment in the late war ? !Ubey were men who owned the laud, men of sub- stance, free men, who bought their land and paid for it—men who never begged or stole—respectable, de-the other twin.Mr. LOVEJOY—I shall go on without the gentle-man's leave, or anybody else's leave, mdividually.Mr. STANTON (Rep. 0.)—Does the Chair hold that the twin relics are in order. I think, under the new rules, the debate must be confined to the Tariff bilL I only raise the question because I am afraid, if the general debate goes en, the real subject before uswillhe would not curse him. He would pour no execra- whom was sixteen years old. Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio), said the discussion tions upon old John Brown. He condemned what heSixty acres of land. There are no men in Texas who have received donations, and they have no- paupers /here; ;but men have paid for what they own.e neglected. .cate system is, very generally, and we. tr tmk justly, suspected of being at the root of. the troubJ e.Texas for the views which he ofters. I havelaid that the men of bone, mnssle and brains aremostly confined to one hundred and sixty acres ofland. I know where the Graduation bill came from-y its attendant horrors 7 Sir, what was. the condition it cane from Alabama. That reduced the land in of the people of Utah? They suspected, and as they Alabama and Miseovri to 12$ cents per acre, and I thought with good reason, the good faith of the inten- appeal to Senators whether the men who bought tions of their fellow-citizens toward them. Thesetion naturally arises what is the nature, what the influ-ences, and what tire elements of this practice, andwhat will they prove to be, when extended, if allowedThe Case of Mr. BtetteshWir.'; 6,92J> •-/.. . 5,20:i . 3^57^" iomes under that bill at 12$ cents per acre were not a* suspicions have been allayed, I rejoice to say, and ail patriotic and have not as nxceh mnse'e, bone and brains accounts lately received irom my constituents go to as those who have paid $1-z:>per acre for homes. thow that a better fe«ling exists toward the Govern- Mr. GREEN (Dem., Mo.) said he had ao right to ment than has been known before for years. The doubts existing in their minds in relationto their treat- wtar erv. Who has the power to make a homestead ? ment have measurably subsided. But if this bill be pasted, and if a measure7 is proposed for carrying itthat its ethics are no longer to be discussed; that theywere settled by the stagy rite of Greece, and havebeen reaffirmed and reestablished by the Btagyrite ofOhio, who portrayed it in gorgeous colors, like theLueswhich gather around the clouds of a Summer sun- to drink the waters of bitterness.call this a Homestead bill. But homestead is the pop-ret. We were told that where slaveholding will pay, there slaveholding will go. Precisely upon the same principle, where robbery or piracy wul pay they will go, and where human flesh is cheaper than beeves cannibalism will go, because it will pay. Sir, than robberies, than piracy, than polygamy, slaveholding is worse—more cnni- inal, moie injurious to man, and consequentlyNbR/oiXi Thursday, April o>1360*2?ota "Federal Government, and all this talk about anomestead is a nonentity and an absurdity. The first out, those doubts will be revived with increased moment the title passes out of the Federal Govern- force. The fires which blazed so fiercely when theN; B;, f?bm Mbntego Bay, J&maiea, bound,to Philadekuhia-iwith sugar and.ijlyewoods, iahere. Capt. Braylay of the most a*comp*iirJied writers and vJouraaJirtai in offered to sett, in Hampton RoMs, two free negroes,wbereupor; he was arrestod, and the vessel taken fax this country, who ""lyed many yearam Parish, waati* charge b3 the antheritiee;fuel of persecution was heaped up, have now almosdied out. Tbe question presents itself now—not, Sir Johnson), when he is talking about making a home- for the consideration of one party, but for the repre stead, how long does it remain one ? Just so long as sentatives of the people of this country of all parties.the title remains under the United States. But the of the whole country—are you prepared, gentlemen, moment it passes out, he is a serf. The title is subject again te enkindle •those fires 1 Mr. Speaker, this im-ment it is subject to State Government, and I ask myK a n s a s I f o w § . :-friend—my particular friend from Tennessee (Mr.' •. ;LKAVESWORTH, K, T., Thursday, April 5, I860.well-known corr ^spondent of The N. Y> Ciwri&r and E»qMircr scad brings to hia t a a X - ^ . ' * 2 ^ ^ ^ ! 0 ?nmnwMr. JOHNSON (Dem., Tean.)—We have. vMr.;GREKN—VerywelLthenletthemexecuteKaaaaaaiMr. TKUMBULL (Rep., 111.) hoped that tbe friends Government cutf protect it from forced sales or exe- Briggs, Biistow, Bufllnton, Bnrlingame, Burnett, BtrrronzhB, He has no right to leave his -seat? and come upon theis as followB: Sprague, 12^295; Padelford, . 10,835; Seth Padelford, and a clear majorfty of 1,428 evfef aH " scattering, 143. Sprague's majority 1,317. opposition. J . Russell Bullock is elected Lieutenant- Governor,andWalterS.Burgee,Attorney-General-DeiiKOcraticPactional Committee.(TheywereonthesameticketwithMr.Spr*guew WASHINGTON. Thursday, Aprii 5? 1860. . John R. Bartlett is reelected Secretary of Stateyof the; Homestead biH would stuod by it, and not letcution. Then I proceed on the idea that, where the Stateshavenotdoneit,theywillcommencethepolicyButterfleld. Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Clark (N. Y.), Clark (MOJL Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling;Covode,Craig(Mo.)^_Curtis, Davis(Md.).Dawes,Democratic side. ' Mr.LOVEJOY,standingfirm,wasunderstoodtothe Aptnroprifttkm bill override it.te*ittofiu M.WADE(Rep.,Ohio}saidhewouldnotlayasidewhere the Federal Government ceases. That they Delano. Dimmiok, DueU, Dann, jRdgerton, Edwards, Elliot, Ely, reply, " I will: stan i where I-please," «aeutofthe thebiUforanythingexceptafuneral.Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Ark.) said the Homesteadwill,byStateLegislation,securetoeachindividual,a Etherldge,Famsworth,Fenton,Ferry,Foster/Frank,French, Gainett, Gilmer, Graham, Grow, Gnrley, Hale, Hall, Harris(Md.), Harris (Va.), Helmick, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Hughes,He stood at thiB time on the Republican side, near the dividine aisle..Mr. PRYOR vociforated—Let him sland' over there and talk. He shall not come upon this side.isae, owing bill was an abolition measure, and should not take precedence of the Indian Appropriation bilLcertain amount of soil which he can call hia own. You may call it Homestead, or any other name you choose.The Democratic National Commitwe met this morn-ing. Twenty-three 8tates were represented. George out opposition, they having received the nomination-ofTThe question of postponing the Homestead bill was »ot 8greed to—-Yeas 2i>, N»ys 30.House sab- Mr. FITCH'S (Dem. Ind.) amendment that the lands liinee, Mr. - m&£ granted for homesteads shall be entered in alternate * a* s fcctions, and that the quarter eect'teus remaining to the st question, •' » ''-ST, United States shall sot be sold for lees than double the tested that minimum price of land when sold, and that the pro- as be be- visions of the act shall be only applicable to land sub- ect to private entry at the date of the passage of the-A. Caldwell of Kentucky was chosen Chairman, pro tempore, in the absence of Judge Smalley, and C. L.••three separate State Conventions. •am The Srague party have elected 13 of the 32 Sen*tors,.jeszard of settling with my constituents and vote for it. of information in that. I see the trees bend under the Now, Sir, -what is it ? It is substantially, forallpur- gushing wind. I see individuals bow to what theyMr. SICKLES (Dem., N. Y.), rising to a questionof privilege, said the House had passed a resolutionrequiring Mr. Williamson to serve a notice on him, from his seat, and he shall do it.stating the grcunds upon which the latter contests his The CHAIRMAN appealed to gentlemen to enforce seat. He had received from Mr. Williamson apaper, order, and said he would call the Sergeant-at-Arms.]>oses, everything which the friends of either of thesepills will seeme. If the purpose be to benefit thelettlers, my proposition is that he who settles on thelandmay reman); so long as he chooses, with thertrong arm of his Government stretched over him,protecting him from harm everywhere. Can thejettier ask. for more 7 My proposition removes the I do not do it in contravention of the constitution ofThe young man acting as deputy of the Sorgeant-at- Arms approached with hia silver mace.Humphrey, Hutching, Jenkins, Junkin, Kellogg (Mich.), The advocates of this bill do not assume any power Kellogg (ill-), Kenyon, Kilgore, Kfllinger, Lamar, Lartstoee, Leach (Mich.),. Lee, Longnecker, Looruia, Lovejoy, in the Federal Government to conflict wish State author- Mollory, Marston, Marttn (Va-). Maynard, McKean, McKuight, ity. While the power remains in the Federal Gov- Mcfherson. MiUson, Millward, Moore (Ky.), Moorhead, Morrill, Morris (Pa), Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olln, Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pryor, Queries, Keagan, Rico, Uobinson (R.I.), Royce, Schwartz, ocranton, Sherman, Sickles, Simms, Single-and Samuel A. Parker, General Treasurer, both with-ernment, it is to grve them, a guaranty against any debt or contract made prior to the title passing from theMr. Barksdale continued to flourish his cane, sev-eral gentlemen around him and Mr. Singleton restrain- Vallandigham, Secretary. It was unanimouely re-justice; that the popular sentiment that induced the Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Underwood, Vance, vandever, Van 1 Federal Government to adopt this policy here will in- Wycke. Verre. Waldron. Walton. Washburn (Wis.), Wash- bume U1L). Washburn (Me.), WebBter, Wells, Willson, Win-e can be intimidated.Mr. PRYOR—Nobody wants to intimidate him.Mr. JOHNSON—If I go with the popular sentiment,Mr. PHELPS (Dem., Mo.) turned back the mace-and the impossibility of his taking testimony on it.Mr. Sickles's response was read, in which he says Mr. Williamson's charges are without foundation, and wholly untrue. He ha3 no knowledge of any illegal votes cast for him, but on the contrary had been Mr. GREEN—I had no doubt he was conscientious wrougfully defrauded of votes. He wished to call the in his remarks; but the human mind is so constituted, attention of the House to the character of Mr. Wil-Jamestown--.. . . .Little Compton^ " 150" Tiverton . . . .. . 178' Fall River .212 New-Shoreham...Total..............1313- 1419Wathitiftton Co. '•North Kingstown.— 257 South Kingstown;..-.-..- 343' E x e t e r . . . . . . - . - H IRichmond................ 178 Hopkintonl — 323 Charlestown. .r. -.... 86- W*esterly............. 349Total.. .....-1647 1412the homestead proposition to be right. I believe it to be constitutional, and therefore I uphold popular senti- ment in accordance with these views.sver vou are ready, come and pay for it atthe minimum, price, whatever that may be.Yon will thus relieve the settler from that anxietywfeiefcr he feels if he should fail to pay the money atfee land office, lest some more- fortunate man willcone and pay the money, and take his land away. Icare not what others may say, I tell you and the coun- fower, that when the idea of popalar sentiment Is Committee on Elections. .' ..try that the bone and sinew of the country know that rought to bear on them, it too frequently warps the. Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio) objected, saying tfca1;fee preemption system is rather the bane and curse of one and sways the other. There can be no homestead the squatter than a benefit. He has been decoyed by made by Congress. There can be an arrangementthis subject should be referred to the Committee on Mr. W ASHBURN (Me.) denied the right of,Mr.and the moral convictions so tempered with pride and liamson's notice, before thercatter was referred to the•i»3 #r'vii.,•.-«'••made, for temporary occupancy, but to secure a homeMr. LOVEJOY took the stand at the Clerk's desk, believe the Committee had the power to make any, andresumedhisremarks. Hespoke aboutNorthern andifitwereso,itwouldhave.averydeleteriousand Christian women, who went to the South to prevent injurious effect upon the friends-of theOonventionia the peopleth6re from returning to barbarism. South Carolina, who, he thought, were unanimous inagainstStateexecutionandStatelawisutterlyimpos-,. „.;; ; ,,;,,,;priation bilLThe House" then resumed the consideration of theThe House went into Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union.Mr. SHERMAN moved, to take up the Tariff and Loan bill.Mr. BRANCH (Dem., N. C.) was against any alter- ation of the Tariff. The present bill yields sufficient revenue to meet the wants of the Government.Mr. SHERMAN said he. would not ask a vote on it for three weeks. On his motion, the various bills on the calendar were laid aside till the Tariff and Loan bill was reached.Mr.LOVEJOY (Rep., Ill)—The House has been occupied for several day 8hi the diseossion of polygamy. The Republican party, oi which I am a member, stands pledged, ever since 1854, so liar as Congress lias the power, to exterminate the twin relics of barbarism. Slavery ar.d Polygamy, in tl e Territories of the United States. Now, Sir, as we have administered a death- blow to one of these twins, IpropoEe to pay my respects to the other twin. I want to see both strangled and go down together as they heartily deserve.Mr. COBB (Dem., Ala.)—It is not in order under theinles, but I am willing to let him go on and talk about the North, we don't harm you. If a mechanic fromsince.TheMarshal refuses to obey the writ.-——• :— Navigation on Lake Erie. 'Arti-Polygamy bill. , .twenty years ago, and I am here free to speak my mind. The Republican party would spring up in Kentucky, and gentlemen now here would find them • selves displaced by more moderate, andif it were not. offensive, he would add more sensible men. He wanted to say in Charleston what he could say here.Mr. BONHAM—You had better try it!Mr. LOVEJOY—-I can go to England, and there dis- cuss the question of Church and State, or any other British institution. But if I go into the Slave States and talk againet Slavery, where is my protection?Mr. MILES,,(Dem., S. C.)—Can. you go to England and incite the laboring c'.asaes there to assassinate the Queen?Mr. LOVEJOY—I don't desire to do that. I claim the light to disenss Slavery everywhere under the stars andetripes. I claim it. I demand it,would respectfully ask, Sir, are gentlemen prepared tojust emerging from a difficulty with the very people tution, but simply a practice, like polygamy, the ques-against whom this bill is leveled, a difficulty which at one time threatened the country with civil war and allTlieUticaUTICA, Thursday, Apnl 5.1860. Herald of this morning contains the resor...%84* v-.2i5S8TNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBfJNE, FR#M, APRIL 6,1806*tiveofth^^eop^eofkrt .Xat€»t Doings <rt the legislature.therepracticed,andIcannotbut"allude. :eve*'v'-fcriew'w^fsamedefitlgvm^Mft.^Ja^ratan^ SpecialDispatchtotheN.Y.Tribune..pTesFions of sentiment which hare' been made upon thejustificatknof Slavery is placeu aauily on three ALBANY, Thursday, ApTil5—12 p. xa.• flfaaThe Central Overland Kt&iLATCHJSO*.K.fyThtfrBday,A£ril5,I860. * The Cenfral Overland Mail and Pike's Peak Express-'Mr. JOHNSON-We dolt.Committee amen^tDents to the Senaie Atlant c Tele- Mr. GREEN—That is all verr well wftti your^ Own thiB floor in condensation of that practice; : ; r > i .grounds: theinferiority of :w6J8aB$?6&- race*, that 'I? '"T"^'^'1" "TA38AGZO? tfiltsV "—••,..: ^ arrived this afternoon, vbringrag.dates fromjWtJugk*..charge lor private messages. ., • ' • XXXVITH. CO^GKESS.Jboai : MEST SESSION.. .*ij.ask a question of the gentleman from Utah; not to' civilization to them, and the guarajeftefes of the Cfan- > W. fttuy, from BUlMaCky, repartrf fofctne**Mr. CLARK (Dem., Mo.) interrupttng—I desire to >tbe.'JEai^rof.'eBdai^g/.xnea. ilupati^frr&^nlty 'and I Tie- Aareinbly read and passed a)toTrt?farty billa"tyf« 1 Oity.tf the 17th of Marc^aad$K.O0P xa goU d<ufL :see, in otKer States, what business have you fe make ahomestead 1 Toe public land is to be administered bythe General Government for the general benefit, to tion is .this: What number of people in your Terri- riority of the race, but does it follow" that it is right to * tionedininy letter of thisafternoon. , , / "j'.;"'•.''"•*. The orders for tne removai of the troops had beea • yembarrass him, but perhaps for hie benefit. The ques- stitution. WecoJicede as a iatitfor/d£-fatjt the infe- day, but none of general impottauceexcept those THen*: ' dull and matters quiet in tmf dry. *Mri WULSOS {Rep; Mass.) inorodaced a resoln^on, use of terms. Homestead! Homstead! ! to se- have been received here of the abuser of polygamy in devils as well—would lead? the strong to etisbive-ttie : whichlateveseacibHouse at liberty to appomtanew ; a thing heretofore unknown in the history of lode-^rhleh was referred, r«<!tJestmg t*« Committee on Km- taiy AffairatoHjquireif theWar departmenforany of its o x H o e r e * a v e e n t e r e d i n t o a c o n t r a c t d u r i n g t h e l a s t t w ocure a man and his family a home! Nobody can the Territory must have proceeded from its "enemies^ weak everywhere. It woui'S justify the angels in en- eonunittee of conference, and while a new coaimittee mining,do this without sovereign power. You would slavfeg man^and, in turn, ifr would justifvthd a*cfc-- I n t h e s e c o n d p l a c e , f r o m m y o b s e r v a t i o n d u r i n g a t e niffi e a y ; o r m a y n o t b e a p p o i n t e d , t h e r e i s s t i l l J n o p e a n d T h e a v e r a j w r y i e l d o n t f i e g u n n e l l e a d i s $ 6 0 0 cc* t h » do much better to get the State Legislatures to years' residence in Utah, Tcould say that not over one- angels in. ene&viiiff the angels. H carried out intho expectation that Bcare sort of a railroad toll bilTwill cord of dirt ana jock. S ,• * , *•veers for iron for pnW« bnildings smce the public ad- act, and call on them to enact Homestead raws; half of the population- of Utah are polygamists, and universe, it weuldultimately tnaosfonn Jehovah liin>'-irertieement &r the same,theamount famished and buttocallonCongresstopass Homestead laws, is a probably not over one^ialf that number havemore selfintoaninfiniteJuggernaut. -:A^....,,,- .cox^icted tor, the price* paid, and by what authority contradiction and an absurnity. You say if he keeps than two' wives. [LaugBter.] I do not understand Mr. Lovejoy, who had commeBced hi3 remarks ohthe contract was made; also a similar inquiry a3 to poseeesion five years he has a homestead. I say we that there is any obligation in any mannerupon any the extreme left of the Republican-side, had graduallyahot and ahefla and iron gun carriagesi and authorizing have that already, by the Preemption law. .Doe* it one to have a number of wives unless he prefer itv I \ advanced into the space in front otf'the Speaker's chair,the Committee to send for persons and papers. "Ltid . secure s. man, his wife and children, a home, against know of no Church regulation whereby a man is com- and as he warmedin his subject he began togesticufete tevnight, in consequence of the persistent fSEbtisterings over. ' ' Com- ] e x e c a ^o n > creditors, money, and influence? Not a pelled to oecome a polygamist, and I know of no with some vehemence. In the midst of the remark of Prank Spinola on every question whieb'was pre- r Mr. CLAX (0em., Ala) from the Committee on 'word of it. There is nothing like a homestead con- Church regulation whereby any woman is compelled last reported' he was interrupted- by Mr. PRYDR aentfed for consideratioij.Work in the Guiles mincris*generally rei&med. Mm*-'*' 'CTSweremakhtgfrom $2,tovf&'per<lajr: Emigrant* •had commence* arriving.. • • •Knightso* the Gf'*Ktien Circ&.•L., && Louis, Thursday.April 5.1^60. St. Joseph papers say that sevOTai mmdredlCnlghte1 of the Golden Circle;-from Kansas andNebraska, havearrived there, prepared to start soonvThe fire at Jacksonport, Ark., on the 28th ult., pre-jx^rw,reporsed the Housejoint resolution, cotustitutias: nected with thewhole thing. I will tell you what it to marry a man if it is not in accordance with her free (Bern.: Va.),who excitedly called hhn to order, at 6he JK»COT3, Oeorgia, a port of entry fox the time being, and is—first, it is pandering to a vitiated and corrupt public will. Mr. Speaker, I am encouraged by knowing fame tune advancing toward rum, with fierce gestictr*x %'•...... '•.'for otter pnrpmt*, and it wm pat>«e»i. taste; second, it is a demogogic system to court popu- there are several gentlemen upon this floor who haveMr.CBE&SIVT(D*vouyS.C.)movedtotakeupandlarity:third,itisadeception practisedonthe beenacquaintedwithmeforthelasttwentyyears,then to postpone till Monday next, Mr. Davis's Terri- public m*nd. I me these terms just as I wish loDg prior to my identification with the people oftorial resolutions. Agreed to. to have them understood. I impute motives Utah, and who Will say that they know me personallyThe bill for the relief of Opt. Shubrick was passed to no one, but these are the palpable facts to be incapable of deceit or dissimulation. I beg themOn notion of Mr. MASON (Dem-, Va.), the joint resulting from this act. We have now the pre-emp- all* therefore, to hear me say, upon- my honor as aresolution providing for the leception of the Japanese tion law. It permits a man to go upop the land. l a m gentleman, that the passage of this bill will not be un-concerning the Courts in the Territories was t&keu take a jart—eighty or forty acres. Every man can now'hesitate to defend polygamy as an institution, and tip and passed. It provides that the jurisdiction 6f the •surely secure a nome of forty acres; and, permit me to unite tbem all in opposition to this unjast attempt ofTHF/rorjjcx Brix.Tha 3?Wice bill eeerns to have a fair prospect^of suc-expbassy was taken up and passed.others denouncing^Lovejcy.Mr. PRTOH^-Fcall him te order, Sir.. ;He shall notmarkets and assessmenta to the Finance DepartmeB&s. The other features of the bill seem to be abandoned.iPaiinre of a Cotton "B&kH&r, NEW- ORLEANS Wednesday, April 5, I860.willing to extend the time ot payment to two years,On motion of Mr. GEfcEST (Dem., Mo.), the bill and if"a man cannot pay for the whole section,"let him It will enable them to call to their aid all. those whoright of appeal in all cases.The Inc*an Appropriation bill then came up.Mr. liATHAM (Dem., CaL) moved an amendment,earsoftheIndiansonitsownborder,andthustore-whichdoyoumean?•Iwantgentlementospeakout..tutetorepealthelaworganizingUtah,anddividetherascal.",'•'': "::-'• ' ': ••' ! ' 1 " j ' " ! ' ^ ';'''-:B&&DE ISLAND^'ELECTZCftt.From\ T^ic Providcnet• JcmaX' qf yatcrUay. 'iMber of City Railroadsi to-morrow, but it is thought thatthey will not report either the Barclay-street and South Ldeutenant-Gdrernor, Secretary of State, Attorney-and set them forth in the world as well as ordinary The House voted, and rejected Mr. Branch's substi- society can claim. Why give him land to majjee a tute^—17 against 151.with the crowd, .shouting and flourishing the cane/The only words understood •from him above the din ofthe Chairinan's gavel were,." Keep his own side, the The Senate Committee will probably report a num-homestead ? Now, what do we understand by hotcc-the effect of which was to alio w California to take stead ? A perpetual home, or a temporary home 1 The House next voted on Mr. McClernand's eubsti-CITY RAILROADS.duce the expense to the Government tomuch less than now. He said it was not often that California came to Una floor preaching Economy, bat when she did she thought she was entitled to a hearing. If the amend- ment parses, the Indiana will be better cared for and maintained, than by the General Government, and ata reduced expense.Pending the question the Homestead bill came. up.I ask the Senator from Tennessee, what to you mean by it?Mr. JOHNSON—Does the Senator want au answer ?Mr. GREEN—I do.Mr. JOHNSON—I mean by a Homestead, first, togrant into his poeseseion a certain amount of land, soTerritory between Jfeflereon and Nevada, for which he Mr. ADRAIN (A. L. D.-3K J.,), and Other gentle- proposed a temporary government. Bejecte*d—35 men, moved that the Committee rise, and some calledThe annual'election for the choice of Gbycvadr,acceptable to extreme advocates of polygamy in Utah.Mr. BARKSDALE (Miss., Dem.) who had been in3Probato Court shall not be less than f 2,000, with the remark, that forty acres of land will support a family, the General Government to put it down by force. . his seat with a heavy cane in- his hand, came forward down the General Appropriation bill as much as-against. 159.The House tabled the preamble to the bill, whichwas passed with verbal amendments—149 against 60—x as follows: .*.•„-.TEAS—Messrs. Adama (Mass ), Adams (Ky.), Adrian, Aldricli, Al«y, Anderson (Mo.), Anderson (Ky.), Ashley, Babbitt, Barr,the Sergeant-at-Arms. " . ';The CHAIRMAN would 'receive no motion till gen-tiemen resumed their seats.The crowd atill increased-, and a collision seemad in-evitable.* Mr. COX (Dem., O.) shouted—-Iarise toapointofPerry or the Houston-street road. <Rfaode Island Election.\ •<•••• PnoviDEKCE, Thursday, April 5, I860. The whole vote of the State has been received, andGeneral, General Treasurer, and Members-of fcetfc branches of the-GeneralAesenrWy,1»okplaesyestar- day, and resulted*in the entire defeat of the Republi- cans. In aH the towns but New-3hbreham and Jfemee- H town, William Sprague has a majority»of l,5>I'overthat a man can call it his own, so far as the Federal Beble, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Boteler, Brabnou, Brayton, order. The gentleman from Illinois is but of his Beat.,;lations.^ He~was understood to say, prefacing the ra-' markwithsomeoffensiveadjectives,"Keepyourown- cees.j..**- side, Sirj ypa shall not come over nere; shaking your-, "..•••.fists m the face of gentlemen!''Great'confusion:ensued. Members began to rush\ toward the' scene from aH sides, shouting order, and revived, it will oidy be attempted to transfer tfheshake hia fists -tt-our faeeB, Sir. It is bad enough to let him stand over there and telk his treasons.-i;; RETRENCBMarrT. .ing their violence.Mr. ADR aIN—To avoid ail difficulty, I suggest thesolved that it is inexpedient,* under existing circum-and 35 of the 71 Representatives. Nowport has elected: wheie this land lies will pursue the same principle of venson. Stewart (JPonn.), Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Theaker, entleman.just speak from his side; no one supposes ic Convention from Cnarleeton to any other plkce. only one Representative, William P . Sheffield.' There* mFederal Government to him. I presume that the States, ton, Smith (N. C:), Spanldfng, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Ste- fstances, to change the inace for holding the^DemocrAt-The Committee adjourned to meet at Charleston on, is no election of either Senator or Representative frxthe 21st at 10 o'clock in the Grand Lodge of the Ma- Tiverton or Charlestown, and Richmond failed to elect- .5:1Mr. XOVEJOY—Nobody can intimidate Sit down, gentlemen.; I am safe enough.me,Sir.sonic Hall, which has been tendered and accepted for the use of the Committee.Previous to action-on the resolution,--Mr. Vallandig- ham stated the reason for the call, which grew out mainly of .the complaints aboutimpoaitions in Charles-ton concerning, accommodations for visitors. He had received numerous letters on this subject. Gentlemen of Baltimore, Philadelphia, Richmond, St. Louis, and Louisville had presented inducements for changing the place of meeting to these cities. It might bo stated that gentlemen of Charleston would, as far as they could, extend their hospitalities to delegates.Mr. Ashmore (S. C.) stated to the Committee that he had appeared at the summons of the Secretary, but did not regard himself a member. He had met the Executive Committee at its first meeting as the substi- tute of the Hon. B. H. Wilaon, the merabar of said Committee from South Carolina, as expressed in his letter, for the only o•>ject to appoint the time when,the Convention will' meet in Charleston. He therefore regarded himself as limited to the single act, of fixing the time, which had been done, and, not regarding him- self as authorized to act, should decline voting or par- ticipating further than to *?ay, as a matter •of informa- tion, that he had received many letters from distin- guished gentlenien in Charleston, of the Convention party, who assured him that the hospitalities of that party would be extended; to • the fullest extent of their ability to accommodate vis-•'Mr. BURNETT—You may call your Sergeant-at- Aixcs, but he shall'not do it... 97-Middletown Tfe.mordernow. , itors and ^delegates. He was frank to say 'This was succeeded by a burst of laughter. . T in his opinion xwthing need be expected frorn the The.Houee then again went into Committee of the Anti-Convention party. As to the change, he hoped Elections. •..>•;..:,•:••-.•,; ov;„..--./> Whole - no effort would be made to effect one. -He did notMr. SINGLETON (Demv Miss.) said that Jae would Opposing the change, if not in other States. He had Carried, 95 against 17. „ • • • > • • not allow such insinuations upon Southern women to been informed by letters that many of the hotels would Mr. SICKLES said Mr. Williamson, after professing pass. If the Member persisted . in that- course he charge only three dollars per diem, but yesterday heKent Co.WarwickEast GreenwfchWest Greenwich 113 Coventry.-.-..-...-- .... 316-T otal-... 1012Bristol Co. v Bristol 348' Mr. DAWES—I have the floor, and don't want to power of public opinion, and before tine he proposed bandy words with the sitting Member. He then said to arraign Austria. He (Lovejoy) proposed to hold up that Mr. Sickles had indulged himself in vituperative to the retribution of public sentiment slaveholding in remarks concerning the contestant, and had attached, all its atrocity and hideousness, just as gentlemen had to MBletter in reply to Mr. Williamson an argument here polygamy. Public sentiment will burn and scour inhisownbehalf. out Slavery, and the proper wayisbytheactionofThe subject wa3 referred to the Committee on Elec- the Slave States themselves. He had indorsed the tions.• From Tlie Hartford -Courant of. Yesterday.* We-now have returns from every town in tho^tete, with the full vote for Governor in every town except Pomfret and Saybrook, where we have only the, ma- jorities. The aggregateVote,sofarasreceivod,foote up 87,839, and adding 260 for Pomfret, and 34fc tor Saj brook, being the votes of those towns last year, we have a total of 88>4140 votes. Buckingham, by our returns, which are in most -cases from oifieialo, will have 601 .plurality. W e have not; included scatteringturns) for the trifling differences between us and our neighbors, slf any one has bets pending on,the point whether Buckingham gets-over 600 plurality, it will be ga-e to wait for thewoflicial count.Mr. BJtOWN—I am obliged to my friend for de-fending Mlssissippiang against any assault of mine.But I krtow what belongs"to the honor of my ownState, and ft does not sound very kind for the Senatorto tell me I have made an assault on my own State.Trey have never charged me with being derelict, andit dees not belong to the Senators from other States tocharge me with being unfaithfuL Let them say have been charged upon them by their enemies. Mr. rupted, that the question presented is, whether Slavery right do you of the South get together and enact laws Telegraph Company, which he filled out, signed-it. I have held the same language on other oc-casions, and have been twice returned to this bodyand twice to the House of Representatives. Idoubt whether they will thank the Senator from reap the consequences of its passage ? Axe we not9,770 5,105 7,066 4,656 2,446 3,404 2^1043,619*' :•;was open aB broad as upon the President's Message, (Brown) did. He disapproved of his act. He believed, but theTnajority of the House might at any time limit however, that his purpose was a good one,, and hisArrest of a Swindler.the discussion to the subiect matter. tThe CHAIRMAN, Mr. Washbume (Rep., Me.), de-Tiie Senate stands 14 ta.7, Oar aar ijorityia the NEW-HAVEN, Thursday, April 5, I860,. Houseis 59, with two tovwis tied oa-M onday, which A remarkable swindle has been practiced through have probably, on the second trial, gx* A« Republican,what is termed an institution, but what is not an insti-Wbi-e it necessary to achieve his freedom, he would not hesitate to fill up the chasm and bridge it over with the carcasses of the slain. He loved the South.A VOICE—We don't love you.Mr. LOVEJOY—So it was with the Saviour; they,and apply other epithets against the working people oftoward Fort Smith as rapidly as possible, so that we niay soon have another eight-day express by the But- terneld route.;six Children Burnt to I>eath.Pcursylvania were to go South and speak about the superiority of wMte labor, he would be held morally responsible. You would strip' him and scourge him by the bands of a slave, andperhaps tai and feather him.CHICAGO, Thursday, April 5,1860. A dispatch from .Oriah, Richlandm County, Wis., states that the house in that village occupied by a fam- Criesof " Order!" from the Republican side. ily named Reagan, was destroyedby fire last Tuesday,Mr. BARKSDALE—The meanest negro in the South is your superior!to extend? 1 am aware that it has been stated on thisfloor that the morality of Slavery has been settled; didn^t love him. [Laughterl Gentlemen who talked York,'rescindmg their action for the ^ ? v a l o f Mr.Mr. MARTLNXDem., Ya.)—If you will come intoVirginia, we will hancr vou hitrhor than we did John Brown. you higher than we did John, Mr. LOVEJOY—tfo doubt aboutit.-The Committee rose, and the House adjourned. ':.•:•; : : . ; * ! — * • — — - 'more ofl'eneive to God. Slaveholding Jhas been Mr. Green Russell of Russell's Pigginga, Pike's justly designated as the sunf of all crime. You Peak, with a^force of 50 men, has been employed by put every crime that is perpetrated, upon men mto a the Coaucrl of tbis oitv to survey an air-liue road toThe Southern Fi*<dand Ftrvtidt is the name .«!*»new, handeomely-grinte^, large' quarto, eigmVpage41 — 'Fast Pay in Boston*If the States want homesteads, let th-tm make them. from roeaiina' of another matter upon which, during leg In earnest, before God, and it is God's truth. It bAs oiV«*> ,The CouYpanv bas already commenosd opera- -prayer. ^TtteH^u^aues weid well filled in tho moruing, Aon, tut ia full of elegant and useful original and IfTennerswart?homesteads,letthempassaHome- thisdiscam'ioo,Ihavebeenexposedtocinsure. I theviolenceofrobbery,thebloodofpiracy,thebrrital :tiopej^4:wWl*weVd*-wlththeworkasfastaapos-. and"duringtheatUrnoonandeveningthestreetsand'$«**ixuaWcr, ^S^fc^wi|i^ i^^v^vffbmn %to State law then, and tojudgnunt and execution. In portant point is the only one which I desire no w to moral crucible,, and diseolve and combine, them all, and Deuveir City, via the port Rvley and Smoky Hill' i Tennessee, it may b« soid the next day. Homestead! make; but. Sir, I think it is my duty Jiot to hold back the xtsult of thc/tin&ljgam is slaveholding. 1 am speak,- T0Ute,wrrich SBaaia to be 150 saika shorter than anyintegrity ?;M<ih should dislingiatiah one who assumes tostead Jaw.q$i..,..deliahtiul,l4'feK,».#;#•' a.• ••:;•'••'".•.^ ^l%*£-#m& ,•" . , :J* ftfcijgjhave been reminded upon this floor, as the represeota- -lustsof polygaaij, ailco»hiaed.aad eweejitrated mit»tbeaieis wera thronged wtth. peopl*. The weithar U*ayo)uew;eekjy :, ^ - ., „. , 4 vj:Mr;;,, „. ...'•m ^p«fc ."&! •MX ,^nmti %tp :<-ia>:&4$ i<M«wstf baa ,^mim(MmMmqs*s,«» 'iiti Aiiti pwir»<}ip*> tji&&.g&lf-'•.'&&•}:•;•Uh•4&to$mty&ki SUMSy*^ •J H;hw d.K.':'.•iI•.• 1 .('.W:-t:,-^fa>-i%m.SVr"'--S*S-••'•:'> .)«N».aa^0^Untitled Documentof dissolving the Union could no more do it than they Matfceaon from tie Presidency of that lastitution, and could stop the shining of the sun. Virginia, instead of invitinghimto resume the duties of that office, mx..... 4A.2S0clothing herself in sheep'a-gray, ehould clothe herself in sackcloth an ashes on account of Slavery, and oughtMattee?U.has not yet signified his acceptance.. of a mdnawper*,:VlyetbepaEeed.; : •^- ' f-;.- -•,-. ^y-;<•,•<•* TttE IN(?OKBIGIBLI SPXNOLA.' 'Very little businees was transacted in the Senafty".«'r ..•'•' '•—;•-;;....•....THE C1T5T CHABTEK. .••;/ viouslyreported,coneamedsomethrrtyboeiiiessho«DB»ai comprising almost the entire bueineee^portion of t*«place. Loss estimated^ at $150,000;. insured $6O,00#,, principally in Hartford Conrpaniee.«.? '-yyu. rIt is reported that Wrcs T. Stark, a pronriwmt cot- \ The Senate^Pinance Committee are disposed to cut ton. factor, has failed; Iiabrlfties large.The Clrarter is apparently dVad, but if it shonE!-' bepossible. "'There is a great Democratic rejoicing here to-night.NORWALK, Conn., Thursday, April 5,1860..6007 .1313..1647 .1012. 622' 10,601CONNECTICUT.One hundred guns havebeen fired over the Democratic victory in" Rhode Island.From Albany.ALBANY, Thursday, Apiil 5,1860.A great log-rolling combination for passing bills de- veloped itself to-day. The Susquehanna Railroad, Highland County, and Anti-Rent bills passed by nearly the same votes. It is rumored that the combination ex- tends to the Brooklyn Ferry bill in the, House, andto the Railroad Toll bill in the Senate.• "• , ', ' '• The Glover Rescue Case.•'" 7DUNKIRK, Thursday, April 5,'I860.There is no obstruction to navigation from Eriet west differences, that we are aware of in the 4x3^raut re-motives honest and trutnful. John Brown stood headand shoulders above any man here until he was stran-gled. Any law to enslave man was as an arrange- this city to-day. A stranger, with a pocketful of in which case wo shall have 61 majpri*y .cided that general debate was in order.Mr. LOVEJOY—I was about to say, when inter- ment among pirates to distribute the spoils. By what blank headings of the New-York, Albany, and BuffaloTHJB GOSXRNOR V.OTJt^HartJbrdCo.-------8,t^ New-Haven Co........ 8,69Q' New-London C o . . . . -- 5,67;iFairfield Co.. Litchfield CoWindham Co Middleeex Co,... Tolland CoTotal..Buckingham's plurality, 601.:- u JSes^rSpeaker, it is not my intention at present to discuss the shall be extended beyond its. present limits,.as that is that I or my child should be your slave ? Every slave with fictitious namee, collected from $i to $9 on peculiarities of the bill now under consideration, but I the only question over which we have exclusive ju- has a right to run away in spite of your laws, and to each. He made many calls, and obtained a largelutions of the Directors of the Bank of Central New-.The ^British Echooner Alice Rogers, of St. [Jotot weekly, pHblished at Augiista, Geo., by James Gard-. BCSTON, Thursday, April 5, I860, toxy havitg bepaaGt apart as a day of fasting andProvidence County.. Newport Comity Washington County.... Kent County127Bristol County T o t a l— . . . 418 ..».„- 165ner. The tditos of thi* is WiUiam W . Mann, ese,., one. ,Busuiess was. 'generally suspended here tc-^ay, the instruct othors. This journal' ha> no |K>litioaldiscni-••xyears of travel and observation, beside the unX&Uuring2761W»>•' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 