 trtm8NEW TORE•*W Spf "•yiJl MEETING OF THE S T . LOUT8 CHAMBER 6 PIattempt alegal)— ^wS»n-;m can slip off, - tirslron theTHE HSulBiY IT TIE njrjBAll o t too gtod*to and Park, aad aa active Late h iPark with aOtottwary. DKATM O FBTXSBN.matte tm Detroit. t » S Y GOODSto by every retail . wtthanyofpose t o nrrsjadm m y trade to enough to stand oatpurpose o f stealing It.Mr. O n believed the Westernvhen thewtau-tre U thirteentherserutonoflfc themmysfm» ^aagm^wF*. . ***^**TM.*•ssferyofbJslftve," ha _togtototive(bat««r tease aad-prosperity.not m s e c tad: fraternal fori-tow the p i e s f t state of1 eniy a few mort than the •ettt On 'Change were to l'r« sident oi the Chsmhsr tog to order.curl up "at t h e The wearer, at one effort,all forming o n e single piece.puts on bis boot and skate 28th of November ult., in his seventieth year. This dis-m the boot is properly fast- tinguished man to not only familiar to- W •• --a _ M. _ a- •••i ofiww WMSHWTWI UAwVw MS*S HEsawO fastening of the boot bo en-Tbto to a great improvement , which are liable to slip when not mail and as the gentleman who introduced it into SPark was an excellent skater, the new notion was ex- ited to great advantage. When the owner had glidedscholars,hatonthissideof thewateramongcan scholars was known to he respected, andtothe announcement of his death will be received with sorte scatter 1*00*8*1toctrmts smaefrt our pecmie,to poi- saimoitotat with which # 1 Chamber ought to have noth p,take oft* his skates, whan a large and on. rious crowd assembled around to have n good look at the ingenious contrivance. Everybody seemed pleased with the Invention, and a s the owner informed thecrowdthatsimilaronesare forsale inthecityat seven dollars each, it to possible that they may becomeAugust 26,1791. B eOf Marburg and continued00a the minds of oar slates ami thebedtoe«f tbeir mas- aaSq^ amy ^a*ton» wa i^BamamyujmjB .tassssmm^par ajaumy wsami sua am* oaattaw^ammamp'omp mm*^* trade •tbatejwiri member of thto body, but the evils berutag of ear team aad tike • » imaiftohsiif #jieuw»mid oar control. The remedies are women and children, if we,to the nautical remedies, and should not be discussed here. Ittouched bottom, to hto opinion it study the Frtoon, Scandinavian and Icelandic languages. seventy five cents y<COMMEECE.FTem Uto tt. Louts Democrat, Dec. L i ]ITn accordance with a call by the Secretary cf thenaucn. * skatek Thto wab"' n' sort''The steamship New York^ from Bremen, whichqmfmwttml WM lesstmrnjJattmfcatm tfctt Otw* IPA0&1.iialHwt rn "he Casmbat of Commerce, which received, howevertrf"* 1L nttarfSrmg wito Umited circulation, a meeting was announced to besole.fcw,tbrevtafjob- x.-t.rdayatihetoeon- At the hour named, numbar of aasple pre- Mr. D. A . January,meetnot._• of onr ammed easiness and fears, •*» by bea- this morning, that thto was not theptoeefor suchadis «uag «be disturbers of oar pe*ca, who tovade oar State cession. Political questions most enter into It, and party M M esator to* fart of Psaeefut purposes and pursuits, feelings will be stirred up to such an extent a t to excitespurned, or,tfMr. Jaauary said that this meeting was called to take into cmMfmsttsttoa thejrsaant dial11using seaditkw of the country by the Chamber of Commerce of S t Louis. {H eCougrem, are dtore-iby thenr. they i u M i U M M f t t f peaceby was perfectly satiated, from what he hadseen and hoardborn at Cocbuch. an. principality of Waldopk, his studies at the Ihuversity from 1809 till 1813 a t Gottingen, uader t h e celebrated Heyne. After resigning his place, Bunsen went to Holland and to Copenhagan toof seamy to eoeh disturbers, permit them to is pr«P«r that the Chamber of Commerce should respect more than ordinarily exuberant in the favors she ex- fashionable to some extent thto season.was- jfis SttSxksad wW soon blew over; thteltaenmsny will be •end agato to a few days; bag thto ft not spTft win1wentyJv7per eent discount before spring Mr. Twer* (grocer)—For whaturaed ta atasaahurt t o their Northern hemes. John raids, tatlae*sat tae«rr*«*i«n», tamper tog with stoves, escapes of fwfttivoa. pratcstipna of- kAdaap- pan by Sorahsra legalised note, are multiplyingtora#hanextentaytereaderitperf.ctmadnessmoar part to continue our present political relatione with a peeper, who, as their hat crowningact of perfidy to theirsonstitutional obltoaltaae, snil anmatakoable evideace offolly recommend to the people of St. Louis that they boldamass masltog hi the Rotunda of the Court Hesse as ear- tended to our citisens, w h o were not slow to availing lyss Saturday evening, and see if by an espremlou of themselves of tham. A brighter and more balmy opinion we can do anything to suggest a remedy.under the tutorship of Magnassen. Towards the close of 1816he went to Berlin and became acquainted with the celebra-ted Niebuhr, who henceforth exercised apowerf ul influenceon Bunsen's scientific and political career, hi 1816 hevisited Paris and pursjied his studies in the Oriental ton guagee—Arabian, Persian and Sanscrit—under SylvesterdeLacy. After preparing himself for making a voyage ment to to India, he went to Home, where he renewed hteacd»rp,r«a^ hostility to he aad oar toatitationa, harehyfthecallforthto Gea. lUooflR said that when he hoard, he went to the statute bonks and copied the ' t o i l known as the Jackson resolutions, tn U «w *atM that Mit$mri would co-operate wtkihtmorningneverbrokeuponthecitythanthatwith which w e were yesterday favored. The sun outshone himself in datslmg efihlgence, and poured forthMr. Onn—I wiU toil arge amountsa strtetry -ectioaal rota elected to the Prealdeacy aad Jkmtl awiaims asrteahs/tht State* m m omtiled. He the rude and chilling hyperborean blasts of the previous•toe Presidency candidates from th e Northern section atoo»—Abraham Uaceia. the author of the ''impressible conafct' doctrine, Wad Banatbal Hamlin, said to be taint ed with, negro blooev-both opposed to the execuuoa or the Fugitive slave law, botb maintaining the equdhty of the white and Mack races, aad both pledged t o a V M f far "the ahmmto extinction of awfwy."hoped that the meeting would b e held.Mr. WATVSH Caow (in the crowd), remarked that hethought any meeting under t h e circumstances Feffia- ture. It struck him that this city and thto«UM should wait awhile. J « •nuatotnwos with Ntohobr, t h e Prussian Mtototer there, it was here that be entered the matrimonial state, in his marriage to the daughter of a clergyman of the EnglishMr JASVJLKT urged the speaker to come forwardproceeded:— son of autumn rather than of the frigid period of thecapacious enough for an army of 10,000 skaters, hi the b» political career and fato path to fortune. From this ,t now hnmg in XtwTerkmKhidi the charm* coai SMS) coming spring and summer they should be enlarged, so time his influence began to be felt alike to the scientific stjmwMSJLthat next winter all New York may be able to go skating 1 nd literary world, and in the stormy political aflairs of Mr. TWKEB—There are new hsj090J6Paf geada 1 to andfindaccommodationonthetoe.The lami'Mdj s* A ft entrsge ape* w it tmromtei byhamJf***»j2* *** •** in public and discuss a question so important. The city I reign of the icy king. Although the earth was literallyMr. CROWthought that this was not the Urns to meet__. .The Central Park was, of course, the great scene of • af a ssejsslty of Coagrtss, wtomere.servants of the peo- the Vnkm (great applause'), if compatible with the qjb>1 attraction. Sunday being a day of leisure and re-histime. DuringthesojournofKingFrederickWilliam NewYork. ThtohasgottobeexportedandsoldiThe 11L, late King o f Prussia,at Rome in 1822, his Majesty mosey realised from it w t l altrmetoly find 1U way into_. _ _ _ .flpnFw' esftssBSj # ftbatasnasaasannB ^ " ^ a*wvisexcited;theStateiseicited;wehaveJustcomeoutof*bakedwithfrost,therewashealthmeverybreathof an exdted political content, and there hasn't been tits* air that was wafted across the waters;yettoootdoff. Itwasaltogetheraprematuremoss-ICouldanyofficialactof ment. When the time does come hehadnodoubt the i Cuted Wales, a single individual or State of Mitttmri and the city ef St Louis would declare forAnmiver*aryoftheMewYork S o c i e t y .CityTravelJwasstruckbythesealanderuditionatBunsen,eepottol- ly on deep questions of theology, and showed the*be was no stranger to th e innovations which the royal will wastheWesternbanks,whereIttodw. Tktowffl makeex- change easy and wind up the panicple, furniah aflitUslrl- evidence ef Northern hostility to cumstanote which wlB harmonise our Interests, theSooth,attansimshaanairvotesoftheNorthernpeo- itwasincompatible forSt.St. Louis so to1 pleforhim,wttba fallknowledgeof hieabolitionante nodoubtbuttheywouldbe prepared fortheMr. OM—There are diverse tasjat e n thto subject, The thirty-fourth anniversary of the New York City introducing then into Prussian Protestantism, and to this few days stone men ware laughing at the idea ofmstitutnn of stavery, to ito extension, t© its existence and belong neither to the North nor the South. There is some to skate or slide on the ice, and a multitude ofThe church was filled with a large and fashionable con- gregation—the chair being occupied b y Rev. Thomas De Witt, President of the society.The exercises commenced with singing and prayer, after which the Treasurer presented his annual report.Rome after the resignation of that office by Nlebuhr in fifteen per cent discount, and constantly growing wanywhere, aad hatpledge of.hiabeat energies to the pur poae of m abiatote extinction " everywhere r loan aet conceive aa? attoafar or more conclusive evideaoethan this.I, aa a Southern man, to birth aad education, with allmy rights, tossresw). soatlini nts, sympathies and associa-tions bound up with those of the people of the South, andwith my iliathy, far weal er woe, indiasolubly connectedwith theirs, aad aat aa a asattoel to guard the rights andmterestt 0 / m y aattve State, in the Senate o f the UnitedStatea,wouldbenatraetomyself,mysection,myState,neighbors, friends sad ktodred, if I should counsel sabmawtoa to the administrationcf a black republican Presi-deat—in other words, to that of Abraham Lincoln. No" oT«r aat" ether than he, aad those who havo tkm was most expedient. Thequestion cannot be postMr. Fsassm Buchanan's message brought tt (laughter .)electedhim,hawsalreadycoatmitted,:snecessarytocoo rtoce me of their purpose to rule as to our ruin. They hare atectod htm against our repeated, solemn remon- straace, almost prayers, for the sake of the Union,and «ar asaaaaa property ha the past, priseat and arospae--trrayiataam.aiaiaarWf aad glory of our united ooun ary. We, almost aa a unit to n a f (for there seemed to be few, if any, dtaeenttenta then, in any party), warned ahem that the alectioa of Fremont, a aectional candidate, by a sectional vote, would be regarded by us aa sufficient aaaas Ha a aaaolatloa of the China. We repeated the was atog, with great unaaimtty, before aad abacs the no- mination of osndVmtoa the present year. They hare derided oar leaaoastranoes, dknregardbd our warnings, aad ascribed tham to a sptrit of gasconading: aad have tolduathatwe•oooldnotbekckedout oftheDntoa," aad, if wwahouM ait inapt to go out, they would "whip u sponed. Thewholecitywasinafermentaboutit. valu- able time was taken front our business pursuits everyla view of ail these things, what ought the Southern States to dor I think that it is the obvious duty of each aad all of them "to dawaivs the political bands which have caaacctod them with the North, aad to assumeaffairs, whenMr. Aunurr Pnmcx moved to adjourn.Mr. Jamusv suggested that it would be more courteoushave been given to the destitute; 86,707 Testaments havebeen supplied to children and others; 122,6ae volumeslent from ward libraries;74564 childrengatheredintoSabbath, and 9,961 into day schools; 6,*03persons gather-ed into Bible classes; 66,694 persons induced to attendchurch; 28,608 temperance pledges obtained; 46,039 re-ligious meetings held; 1.066 backsliders reclaimed; 7,642persons hopefully converted, and 6,526 converts unitedwith evangelical churches. During tbs tost year thirtywent to England. In 1839 he was appointed Minister to Berne, in the Helvetic Confederation. He was shortly after recalled to Berlin, aad two years later he was sent toLondononaspecialmission,havingfor itsobjectthe foundation of a Protestant bishopric at Jerusalem; and to accomplish thto end be was charged with ample powers to negotiate with the English government. The success 01hto negotiations procured for bim the commendation oi his royal master t h e King, and b e w a s shortly after- wards appointed Prussian Minister to the Court of 8t.Resolved, That itto the daty and interest of all busi- ness men in Detroit to encourage the circulation of our hanks; and that we highlv disapprove of the practice ef certainpersonstogathersptheBotes ef thesebanksto order to draw coin, thereby rertrsintog the tosses of lbs banks, and restricting their ability to aflbrd relief.The substitute was adopted, when the 1 ed.After the adjournment the dry Land held a conversions! mostlag, expressing most decia great West (applause) whose interests and mir own arealike; but it was unwise to hold a meeting nowt MrCrow explained that he had himself voted for Belland Everett, and would sustain the American Union. he bouses. The skating ponds were frosen as hard as could hoped, as long as the next man: hut If we have to choose1824; and in 1887 he was named Minister Resident ofPrussia, near the Holy See. After h i s arrival tn Italy,Bunsen, enlightened by the counsels of Niebuhr, continned his philologic, ajefasologto, historical and jhikv r Lean stocks and bonds hack on us from England. sephtoal Investigations aad researches. In 1826 Cham The discussion hero took a wide latitude, rambling off pollion, Jr., had come to Rome and turned his attention into generalities andfinanrrtsleconomy generallytowards his "Egypt," when be and Bunsen became mtt- < In the course of the fltoiuanisn,Mr. Vaman,of the firmmate, and from thto acquaintance the materials for Bun of Parsons h Fisher, brokers, ebtamod a hearing He sen's subsequent work, "Egypt's Place in Universal His advocated the continuance of the present practice of re- tory,"wereobtained. la1829beunitedwithGerhard ceivingthedepreciatedcurrencyatpar. theItemYorkbetween the two, it teemed to him mat ate tafemst of thisbe desired, and t ?re were facilities and opportunitiescity lay with the great btU tf i lutein aa ike touth of at.for skating that must have rejoiced the hearts of theExpenses during the past year:—submitted these as the omiomsenriH of his own mind and to explain his position.in founding the Archeotogtoal Institution of Rome.Mr. Cuanrnr thought the oonrse proposed by the resolaem amort. N o f a t Alderman ever rejoiced more over his turtle and port than did these youthful skaters attherareprospectoffunandenjoymentwhichwasin their grasp. From early in the forenoon until the sun began to decline, the pond presented one continual scene of bustle and animation. Men and boys; of ail ages and sises, went whirling and darting about on the frozen lakes with inconceivable rapidity a n d to every possible direction. Now and again there ware extempore races got up between two or more good skaters, who would slide away with a degree of celerity perfectly appalling to the uninitiated in this difficult process of equilibrium. As soon as the principals of the race were fairly under way it was the signal for the whole army of urchins to start in pursuit, and then was the time to s e e what stay well b e termed "pretty tall skating." Some of the skaters yes- terday were really adepts at the art. Their gyrations over the smooth and glassy surface ef the ice wereTotalThe receipts were as follows:— IndividualdonationsOther donationsFrom various churchesTotalLeaving a debt of $804 21.From the annual report of the Secretary it appears thatWhen the European Powers sought to bring the aflairsof Rome into order, Bunsen elaborated for theCon- is extensive, he said. Leading aad hitherto substantial ferencesthesocalled''MemorandumdelMaggio."He houses,allovertheconntry,aretotteringtotheirfall.day while we are <rooms. If a publicthe community could be tcomparative peace. Mot that, we owe it to other portions of the State to \on this question. While 1county of the State,soouldthei1499 14 « » , * * Wresolution to remedy these eviter They must be < for a while, and merchants must be oontent to take for tbeir goods.expression of our views are being held in every right that St. Louis ,.» not prudent, however, for city atone to take it on them- to hatur odium either North or South. There are thatittobesttomeet,or,asthesayingis, lusic," no matter how disagreeable it may be. km. £*o*cs PATRIDGKwas about to second the motion made by Mr Crow to toy the resolution on the table, aad to endorse that gentleman's remarks upon the Inexpedi- ency of holding any meeting in the present aspect ofduring the last twenty-six years It has given 626 years of In 1888 Bunsen, being unsuccessful in his attempts to payment for other varieties, whenmissionary tabor to this city; 27486,676 tracts, in English change the opinion of Pope Gregory, and his position at Mr RASSon GAnmom onbred the fnttswlng substitute and other languages, have been distributed; 81489 Bibles Rome becoming intolerable, be demanded his recall and for all pending propositions :—_it in our stores and counting was held the sentiment of and then there would b eFifty"ffjpnrttjaarsssrsrs;Itomlh tfOmtmBm shar-p ednas of the skate come out from ito centre andIt was very generally anticipated by the food folks of New York that Sunday would be the greatest skating day of the present winter season; but very few considered that the elements would have been so propitious, and the clerk of the "tathft to so happy and agreeable a disposi- tion as he dtoamfwl yesterday. External nature wasThe subject of our about to his satisfaction, he proceeded to the shore to stent capital of theThere were s goodly number of horsemen aad car- riages on the ground, and the rides and drives were as full of active sport and amusement as the ponds were ofskaters.In brief, there was a high carnival in the Central Park yesterday. People went there Oat of the crowded city to breathe the pure air and to put their limbs intoan unwonted degree of warmth upon the earth; healthy exercise by skating, runniag, walking, riding and other amusements. Ann they did this witn heartyothers to stroll through the rambles, wander among the gravelled paths or saunter about the numerous summerMr. Ons—Yes, sad Buchanan's e will bring(Applause.) WeabaO onto haw aam^Hssc from the North "professors" of thto manly and invigorating exercise. Missionary services$14,227 00 2,647 06 88690117,100 96$14,167OS838 63 had obtained from Pope Leo XH. the celebrated brief How oaa the merchants of Detroit expect by a 1at will be bound to come to ta m any event; and, in an Nor did the people neglect to "go in" whan the sport American Tract Societyeconomicalview,awmatinswiththeSouth Buthemerely began. Asfortheboys,theywentintotheamusement Printing,hemerthantt were tharing the exchange 1tn the interior of the State, and, tf applied to. 1 doulAm do Uu tame with the DdroltmenhanU. The 1to allow the question to be taken upon the motion to toy graceful and elegant. No movement appearafl to be tooI the Powersof the earth the separate aad equal on tile table. difficult for them. Thars wars others',on the contrary, visiters during the year has been 966, and the resultsre rv., Bunsen frequently returned to Berlin, on the invita- than dry roods merchants ta intruding upon the meet- 1towhichthetowsofnatureaadofnature'sGodMr.Famessaidthereasonhemowedtoadjournwhowereveryclumsy.Someofthoselatterportedbythemare961,286tractsdistributed;978Biblestionofthesovereign,whoevidentlywishedtosharetheing,oonsfmlngtbstimeandopposingtheactiontheymissionaries have been engaged. Tbs average number of • James. In 1841. during the reign of Frederick William dedly tbeir disapproval of the coarse pursued by others The North has nullified the constitution, war—— and 738 Testaments supplied on behalf of the New York enlightened counsels of hto Mtototer. In 1844, it had designed taking. Every dry goods dealer presentwhichwasatoncethebondofUnionaadthepledgeof MrJAXTAKV(whodidnotappeartohearwhatMr. were continuallyrunning foul of people, aad BibleSociety;6,046volumeslent;2,674childrengathered said,ataaandtoboswiththeKing,besag peace, friendship aad security to us; the government of Pierce was saying) said that the motion was in order, and when there w as nobody to come in contact with into Sabbath, and 363 into day schools, and 362 persons gested several measures for giving Prusaia a liberalwastafavorofplacingtheWesterncurrencyatadts- , though some difference of opinion existed as to the aad time ofaccomplishing thto. Itwasfinallyahasmsaaat\mhasbeentherebydissolved,sofaras.the concerned: aad since "a long tram of osurpattoas,pursuinginvariablythesame MSa design to reduce them under absolute " of an abolition government, "it is their duty dfsaafa government, and to provide new guards•future security."• Itseems10he,ItrustItto,aforegoneconclusionthatsome of the Southern States have already made up their minds to secede, aad I hope all of them will soon take stepsfortheirhaaidaavsraaee fromthefouldomination oftheirabotitioaeassatosaadforthereconstruction ofaaew government, to wbtoh the South alone shall govern the Sooth, and mtermeddlers with our peculiar tosmation shallbeamenabletostatutorylawswhichcanbeen- forced for thi ir puntohmont, and, by authority of which,putthequestion.By the sound the ayes and nays were about even. Itment the general tone of conversation was congratulatory over the result of the meeting.THE COLLECTION OP THE REVENUE IN SOUTHCAROLINA. [FromtheSouthCarolinian.Dec.13.)It remains to be seen whether the federal government will attempt coercive measures. If it does, before one monthpassesthewholecountrywillboinablaseofwar. South Carolina will do all hi her power to avoid a colli skin,aadif noattemptbeusedtoexactunlawfultributetumbling themselvesoverontheice. Theloveofthe intoBibleclasses;3,168personsinducedtoattendchurch; constitution, modelled on the English standard,761 temperance pledges obtained; 2,814 religious meetings and the organization of a deliberative assembly, agreed that a committee then appointed should draft ad "to right themselves, by abolishing entire American system, representation to withdrawn, fair ones came early in the morning and left before church perseverenee to required, and not the sensation efforts elect him to the Prussian Chamber of Deputies Bunsen's howtng a falling off of nearry $60u>which they are accustomed," and, in some taxation most cease. The constitution gives no power time, but there wen some that kept on the ground the se much in vogue in New York; the churches of New iterary activity has been displayed in various intellec- At the conclusion of the read: the reportsof fealty to Southern institutions, to the federal government to resist the withdrawal of re- York should concentrate tbeir eflbrte in th e channel tual fields. During his residence to Rosas, to conjunction Rev. Mr. Adai toa very part of a portion of the people of presentationbyaState,aaditcouldneverhaveintended wholeday. Theskatingamongthe todies doss notcall openedbytheorganizationofthissociety. withNiebuhr,hestudied Roman antiquities,and made mannas,andto enforce taxation without representation.ex-of the atoveboidiag States, aad especially aa the part of poiittotoaa of oommanding posi- wilt prevent satire concert offor more than a passing remark. Most of those who Rev. F. G. CLAKK compared the growth of this society various historical researches anon the philosophy of lan- borting them all to remain firm tosi, "and hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind. bat that the Northeast and Northwest will diverge fromuiestowar,topeace,friends."EachStatehavingthecentre,andtheclashofconflictinginterests,releasedseparately seceded, tot thars he a convention of theseveral seceding Slates "to institute a new (federal) from federal bonds, will rapidly separate the discordantgovernment,laytogitofoundationonsuch principlesand elementsofthegreatAmericannationIntoamamofpet- organising' ito powers in such form as to them should ty provinces, the prey of domestic anarchy or foreignseam mast likely to eftbct their safety and happiness." despotismWebelieve Long Island is connected with the cityofifaay, iwsnrdmmof the righto and honor of Alabama New York by so many ties that their lot cannot be divi-toth»tryiagcrisis,shouldtakecounseloftheirfears,let ded.InarecentdebateintheHouse,Hon.DanielE.Sickles declared that the people of the city could never consentapprobation of an admiring crowd.There have been so many skaters on the ponds sinceAbam remember that we of the South have more means to become a mere apanage of a Puritan province (mean- of livtng Independent of the rest of the world than any ing New England), hut will open their free port to theAfter singing the Doxology commencing From all that dwell below the skies, Let the Creator's praise arise, he.,gious Liberty in the Present State of the World." our Voices Raise," to the tone of "America.'-' th e n o Bunsen was sorely one of the most remarkable and fa-"barbarians and criminals ought to be governed. Time that he did not recognise the act committed by Lagoaaing were now tired out and ready to return to their dollars and upwards, whicn were seized on board of a church and its true constitution," and in the course ofThe Rev. B W. Ctouw, from Ohio, delivered an en* tertaming address, giving his experience ta the Far Wesfc and speaking in favor of the missionary enterprae of America.w/ill soon test the justice of t h e / judgment as well as our , «>irit and capacity to govern ourselves.Let the non slaveholder as well as the slaveholder re-aaoahnce.hemes, there would have been over forty or fifty thou- sand personr on the ground at three or four o'clock. The aggregate number of visiters during the .whole day couldvessel called the Thomas Achorn—a vessel alleged to have been employed in the stove trade on the coast fat Africa some time in or about the month of Jane tost; that onI?, witness stand, thejury box, the representative hall, Parker. Calvin Rowland, Joseph T. Baldwin. E. D. Ash-these had the sligbtestfehance of getting on the ice. Many, was filed in the name of Manuel Sola, as alleged own- from Daniel II., 42, and in the evening the Rev. Mr. was resumed by the children„ . te peerofthewhiteman,andclaimingbisdaughterburyandJonathanMclarewhavebeenindictedbythe Grand Jury of the United States Circuit Courtof Northern Ohio for abstructing the United States Marshal and hiswhocamelongdistancesintbsexpectationofafreeanduninterrupted enjoyment of their favorite pastime, weregrievously disappointed at witnessing such a multitude inerofthesaidcoin,whichclaimpurportedtobesworn to on the said 18th day of November, by Manuel Sola, per C. Donohuc, agent; that said claim was not swornHolmes,thepastor,fromHaggaiii.,9. Thesubjectwas, "fThe glory of the Christian Church, and the means whereby it can b e attained." The church was crowdedTheRev.J.C.Futrcnxa,fromBrazil,deliveredoneof hto usual lively addresses, in which he gave his expe- rience to French-Switzerland and Brazil, enlivening his remarks with graphic descriptions of both countries, theirinhabitants,productions,he,aswellastheprogress'mwriage. m is now doneaccording to tow in Massa-hLet* *" ^somber that if we submit to black republican deputies, at Iberia, Monroe county, on the 30th of Sep-ma._,u . twill lose the sympathy and respect of our . temberlast,tntbeireffortstosecure by legal processaadvance of them, and all they could do, under the oircumstances, was to deposit their skates in their receptacles to by said Sola personally, nor was there any oath or by a highly respectable congregation at each service,friends maa w i B >nvoke yet greater insults and injuries I fugitive slave. The same parties are also indicted for as-agent was duly authorized thereto by the owner; that assist in paying the debt due on the building. The church of missionary enterprise in those parte.said coin when attached by the Marshal was not in the The meeting closed with a hymn, and the benedtotkiiiisbuiltofbrick,andtoofthattypeoftheRomanesque bythepastor. late, when the ice was greatly cut up and not very invi possession of said Sola, but in the possession, as deponent known as Norman-Gothic. It Is claimed to be the largesther fuithfulr in her self abasement. Accustomed to the past few weeks. They were not failures, however, M ronce effected, will not be confined to the North and South,"Eryefs Ptoce to Universal Htetnrw.»» s M « a ~ — a-•lways*t-o remain true to the teachings of Christ, "Life and Teachings of the Roman Church under the Em- tag followed, and a discourse b y the Rev. Dr.INDICTMENT JOK 0MTWXT1NG THB FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.his discourse t h e Doctor made some highly appropriate and practical remarks, which were listened to with much apparent earnestness by a very crowded congregation.they had so little chance of being performers themselves. Iwithaviewtopreventthereclamationoftheslaveun- Thiswasparticularlythecasewiththosewhocamevery' • aoornful and revengeful conquerors. saulting the owners of the negro and their assistants, If unl toppily. Alabama should commit herself to der the Fugitive Slave law.voluntary dishonor and degradation, by remaining inting in aipearance.The post prandial arrivals were very numerous •mlbelieved, of an officer of the navy of the United States, church edifice in Brooklyn, being 116 feet long by 70 and that said coin was liable to deterioriation or injury wide. Beneath is a spacious Sunday school room .attendArrivals and Departures.AKRIVAL8.LiTsaroOL—Steamship Europe, et Boston—MissTudorandm tenM oflittle above eolontol vassalage, I have sot a sufficientlyttdthe Union^irtuaUy admitted inferiority,SUSrsSSlONS AT NXW OBLKAK8. Accounts from New Orleans, of the Ilth inst.passive sptr * * osmpUaat temperament to represent that there have been about thirty suspensions there in rfrom one o'clock to the falling of the eve .ing shadows there was one continual flow of the human tide through all the entrances to the Park. While those w h oby being detained in custody pending the suit, the interest which might be realised from its deposit In the Trust Company being thereby lost. The affidavit con-ed by no fewer Uan two thousand scholars. The win-dows are of frosted rises, In diamond-shaped panes, or-maid. Mis. Baker, Mrand htrsUeyd. Mr Warren, lady and child; Messrs Gardner, Franc** Lee. Graham, Brest. Brown.'—good will. The day was propitious, the weather wasgenial, and nothing was wanting that could conduce to theenjoy ment of the people. The only necessity is largerponds. The present ones are entirely inadequate for thereanimation to the lungs. It was one of those calm and wants of so teeming a population. They are undoubtedly la Niebuhr's literary labors, and in 1818 Bunsen was pro-day, that had chilled so many noses and threatened so many toes, h a d mellowed down into ambient breeg^s and flitting zephyrs, that gave tons-to the blood andchurch. Nlebuhr became Bunsen's patron and appointed him hia private secretary, which rendered h im a sharerstreet and will flood the consequence of a further1take the stand, which, after some hesitation, he did,1 and beautiful days that remind us of the yellow leaved sea- large enough for the swans to swim in, bat by no means moted to the secretaryship of the Embassy. Thus began01 a further seprectotioh in vaaea. JtU to (fihitrrMU that to large an amountotcreation to the working classes of the com-Tract Society aad the thirty-eighth of the female branch friendship several reforms in the State Church of Prussia stoo; they are now laughing on the other side ef were celebrated last evening, at Rev.Dr. Macauley's weremade,whichweredecreedbytheKingdnrteghisso- mouths. AfewdayssincetheWestern moneywamunity, thousands of these took advantage of aidiiatn,hatopenly,btaaafullyarowedhostUitytothemaybethatweshallassumeanindependentpositiontheiropportunitytovisitthisgreatpublicresort-church,cornerofTwenty-firststreetandFifthavenueattachedBunsentohisserviceasCharged'Amtiresatbutatemporarydepression;nowittoheldattwelveandexerciseseemstobegreatlyontheincrease,tojudgeby held;64backslidersreclaimed;463personshopefully dividedinto twochambers. Hedidnetsucceed papertobepresentedtoallthedealersfortheirsigna-the large number of tyros who were essaying their first converted, and 867 converts united with evangeli- in making the King a proselyte to his views. In 1848 tures, binding themselves to take the aaprestoled funds The best of feeling prevailed, and after the adjourn emulative efforts. The most of these very wisely kept cal churches. These are the results of their be showed from the beginning a considerable zeal tn sus- at only their true value. Thto committee will prakehlywasputasecondtime,whentheayespreponderated, and the meeting was declared adjourned.labors, and thes tatisties prove that they bare not labored taining the German portion of the duchies of Sehtoswig- wait on the merchants to-day, and arrangements will be near terra flrma, and only made short excursions to and in vain or spent their strength for naught. They have Holstein against the government of Denmark. In speedily consummated, though it Is not designed that iteffortstheywerecompelledtomaketopreservetheir perpendicular, and the frequent falls they had for theirthismovementinseveralpamphlets. In1869,totheMissionarySocietyoftheCentralPresbyterianchords,name of Prussia, he participated in the conference at in Broome street, was celebrated tost evening at theanduaderwhoseprotectingaegjs international lawsandextradition treaties may be Invoked for the restoration of her, then we are disposed to think the question of the pains, were highly amusing to the spectators who sur- Sabbath schools but their poverty prevents them. London protocol, whicn, in the name of England, France,of ear fugitive or kidnapped slaves to their masters, or, possession of the forts can be settled by commissioners. rounded the ponds. But no amount of falling and slipping Whatever benefactions are made for this distinct purpose Austria and Russia, settled the question of Schleswig, as Uemsn, and much interest w as manifested to the mis- to lieu thereof, reprisals amy be made to secure indem- But she will not permit either the blood or the treasure could intimidate the aspiring philosophers. As soonas will be so appropriated, and many fatherless children he contended, contrary to the interest of Germany. At sionary eases. The children comprising the society oc- nity Cor their tons. Bat, according to m y view of State of her citisens to be drawn by a foreign government. now subject to demoralising Influences m ay thus be the beginning of the Eastern war Bunsen's sympathies cupied the galleries of the church, and were attended by sovereignty, State rights aad State remedies, each State Mr. Buchanan acknowledges the right of a people to alter a tyro dropped on his back, some expert skater was sure brought into our Sabbath schools. The work in which were with the Western allies, contrary to the will andmast judge of its grtevaaom for itself, and mast for it- and abolish their forms of government; also that their to be at hand to pot him on his foot again. Sometimes a this Society to engaged, to to convert those who wilfully opinion of the Cabinet which he reprsesented at London. their Sunday school teachers.*mardain •••• u»•».«.«M•»»»• «rKMIMMB-and ownpeace andhappiness aretheonly touchstones coupleofpracticedhandswouldseisealearnerand rash neglectattending uponanyevangelical ministry,and Thisfactandhisopposition totheptotistictarnofthe Shortlyafterthecongregationhadaflbeenseated,and hence, while co-operation, that is, simultaneous actios, w> Wnmn i u permanency ot guvorannot must b« there are at present nearly or quite one-third Prussian Court and government weakened the favor ware anxiously awaiting for tbs announcement of the ex to vary desirable, separate State action to just as indto- applied. The people of the sovereign States of off with him 10 the otnor sMe of the pond, and of the inhabitants of New York, who neglect which, for more than twenty years, he had enjoyed with Presses, the church was suddenly toft ta utter darkness emmabtetothedtosontionoftheUnionasitNorthCarolina,SouthCarolinaorGeorgia,inde-thereleavehimtostrugglebankasbasthecould.thatduty,andanappealtomadetoallstasias heKingofPrussia.Toward1888befellintodisgrace,owingtothefreexingofthewaterinthegasmeter.Itwaa was to its original formation. The States did not all con ciding upon the continuance of any government to aid them with subscriptions to provide suitable placesour at oaeeorattheaasne timeto adoptingthecoasti- whichrulesoverthem,arenottoconsult thewishesof These were tricks of friends to one another ofworshipwherethepoorerclassofourpopulationmay thus forming the Union; hut that did not Massachusetts, Vermont or New Hampshire; if so, then and were therefore taken in good part by everybody. assemble.so unexpected that it caused a fright among the children esignedhtodiplomaticfunctions andretiredtoanactive inthegalleries,anditwaswithsomedifficulty thatland studious private life. He established himself in could be brought to obey the orders of their teaoiOrder a t length being restored, the children sang seme of their Sunday school hymns until the gat could b eThaiised, that the otherawouM follow in due time. Weneed Indepedence. or the bill of rights of the poo entrenching on the comfort or enjoyment of their neigh- York: and as its poputottonto raised in the scale of hu- here the position of a wader and champion of the free- occasion, by the children. At lbbe etty of Heidelberg, whose university, for centuries the Rev.THOMAS8.HASTCKSaddressedthemontheinflu- strongholdofProtestantism,was.atthebeginningof rately. utMh the haps sad expectation, wbioh were real- the constitution or through the Declaration of enjoyed themselves to the fullest possible extent without ence exerted throughout the land by the city of New 1848, the focus of moderate liberal Ideas. Bunsen heldthey possess neither State sovereignty nor independence. The utmost harmony and order prevailed. Everybody manyaswerepreparedtoact,didsoseverallyandsepa- Batiftheypossesstheright,eitherthrough1 others from doing s o . On the contrary, a smiisraam-jhrerassentm mr»atttrnSkUettogo<mt0/ pie of theseveralStates,tochange then*govern- bors,andfromearlymorningtonighttherewasaoon- manity,sowilltheinfluenceexorcisedbe beneficial. domoftheChristianchurch,opposingsternlyalllimita- (a* (Mmlm^r;ftetkmanmtemaajipr^andtogo9U. ment, then it to an absurdity to say that they can Believers are under a great responsibility to aid in this ions of religious liberty, whether exercised by Romanor Tharsto not the tame unanuaity of sentiment in all, as to change it, bat must yet pay tribute to the old govern- tmnal scene of exhilaration and enjoyment on and about work and enable the church of Christ tomaintain its Lutheran, by the sacerdotal or civil powers. The most theproprietyofgoingoutat ali Public sentimenth« ment,inwhichtheyclaimnoparticipation byrepresen- theponds. pre-eminenceinthe cityofNewYork, lbdothtothe recentofhispublicationsofthis charactertoentitledthe"thereportsoftheTreasurer read.The reports showed that the 1greasing,andthatthetottersfrom thainot bean equally developed in all. The timidity, tempo- tation. Taxation and representation must go together, The todies' division of the Skating pond was not as well Bible must be carried to the doors of those who cannot "Signs of the Times" (Leinsic, 1866-66,2 vote.), which lull of encouragement. The amount of money receivedmsrbid dsvotioo to the Imon, dtoinclma and when, by steeatton or the fundamental right to otherwise be reached, and the organisation of thisso- was followed by "God In History," to 1867. Dnrteg thisits undergo the risks or inconveniences of changing change government which lies at the foundation of the attended yesterday as on previous days. The most of the ciety to admirably adapted for that purpose. A steady period he refused the offer of the citisens of Magdeburg to during toe past year was $321 78; during 1850. fJM fig,went on the ice preferred sliding and riding inn species to that of the banyan tree; from one small and humble guage and religion, and their influence in tbs world's his- to forget SodThe Rev. B.W. Chft&AWeffort it has spread and grown to be a mighty and inflen- tory. Time and space will not allow as trace ©LAW Sunday school missionary, Ithink,therefore,thatsuchSlatesaaarepre- LONGISLANDGOINGWITHNEWYORKCITY. ofchairprovidedwithsteelslides,tobucklingonthe ttol instrument of good—meeting exactly there- thehistoryofthto learned manthus further,nor nextaddressedthem,complimentingthemupontheirap-pared to act should, as early as practicable, hold their [From the Greenport, L. I. Watchman, Dec.15.] skates. Two young girls of.about fourteen years of age, quirements of a great city like New York. He then comment on many important points in his career, when pearanee and snocea1. He tmrnasssd open them thebe gave the most decided proofs of great fertility of mindand wisdom. We close our narrative by simply enumera-Itotthem,uaderasolemnmawofresponsibilityto alltheattentionofthespectatorsonthisside. plyenumera-thathehadestablishedduringthepresentyear• union , indulge in numerous theories as to the ultimate issue peculiarly incumbent that Christian love and liberality ear t fSodandofdutytothemselves,toposterity,tothecauseandthewayitwillaffectparticularlocalities.ThemoreTheirskatingwasasgracefulaadasperfectasshouldbeshowntocarryencouragementandhopetothetingthetitlesoftheworksofhisauthorship,leavingtheschools,attendedbylfl,0fX>children,andtaughtbyovermnltaaeously if possible, s o n The papers in discussing the present state of nationalgreat necessity of their lovingteaching. He spoke of bis labor to the far Wert, 11 opportunity for conference and oncerted action affairs, and speculating upon the probable results of dis- and a fair haired boy of about eleven, absorbed made aa eloquent and touching appeal in favor of this so-stettngof enligbtooedeoattitatioaaJ liberty and exalted civilisa- attention to directed to this forbidding topic the blacker tion throughout the world, acquiesce in the necessity becomes the prospect. It to evident that the disruption,subject of a memoir of the man to other hsnoM The fol- 300 teachers. Be concluded with seme amastog lasnitiMlowing are among the works produced by Bunsen:— of his mtosiooary labors, and begging of the children, Egypt's Ptoce in Universal History," lire volumes;denounces our separation" from the Northernthousands of houses of the poor in our city.Rev. Wnujjf HAGUSbriefly addressed them on what heconsidered the most interesting feature of this society, its incidentalconnectionformeetingthespiritualwantsofperorsCommodusandAlexanderSeverus;""Completeconcludedtheexercises.AftertheansnlbenedictionThere were an immense number of .visiters at theDsc—V>.The United State* m. The Slaver Achorn.—Themonthlyreportwasthenread,showingthatthirty- nine life members had been added daring the month, five of whom had been made by the infant class; the remain--decencies of civilised nations, sank to the nadir of moral nor Denntoon, of Ohio, for the return of the fugitive from at all for the new comers. But the cry was "still they assistant District Attorneys, which recited that the suit an eloquent and appropriate sermon from the text:—« asfTodanoa and on the same tow level with the noiyga- justice. Governor Denntoon refused to issue fits warrant come." The cars of the various city railroads continued was proceeding in Admiralty for the forfeiture of nine " And upon the first day of the week, when the disciples $420 49, and the expenditures $420 61—leaving a 1-austsofUtah Heaoetheyassumethatthefreemenof forthearrestandsurrenderofLago,uposmheground topourinfresharrivals,andifitwerenotthatmanyof hundredandfiftysovereigns,andonehundredhalf cametogethertobreakbread,Paulpreachedunto offourdollarsInthetreasury. Thenumbero?lifemen* - the North ought to govern us, and can and will do it,as that, by the tows of Ohio, negroes are not property, and those who had been on the pond from eight in tbs morn- sovereigns, British money, of the valuetof five thousand them.' —Acta xx., 7. The subject was, *'The Christian bers made during the year was ninety-six._ amber that that party propose to make th e negro h is_ »J to poLiical and social privileges—going w the polis, The Rev. George Gordon, James Hammond, Ashbury not possibly fall below this number. Not one ball of the 13th day of November tost, a claim to the said com At the afternoon service the Rev. Dr.Vermilyea preached A collection was then taken up, after which the singingandbecomespectatorsoftheperformancesofotherswhenaffidavit written thereon tothe effectthat thealleged and collections were taken up at all of tham tonamented in the sen '< in ular arches and around the borrf present her ** * P among peers in a couneii of re- as they are all solvent and able to meet their indebted- delighted in skating were enjoying themselves to their cluded by stating that deponent h id received information ders with stained goss of very handsome devices. The Cast Kennedy, Mr Baker. Mr I L Si John, DrlLJtack:putedsubasst * f l 0 I * T O r « i « n 9 t e * 5 l l caaaoi c o n * n ttosinktothe1"*TMdedlevelofaservilemessengerofaJUHMHIJ prov bice, or hostage for ito good behavior, inhi7 lei wwrr o f l D * haughty ambassadors ef imperial of Kentucky have issued a call for a State Convention of seen strolling about the undulating grounds and along the board the United States steamer Mohican, which captured and powerful, and accompanies a numerous and efficient B Le Favour and Mr Beimer, late of bark OoiOe, °fj***»-.•overt-tons Our black republican vtoters would not deign, that party to meet in I/misvillc on the 8th of January, tortuous and circumlocutory paths of the Ramble. the Erie, on being asked by the Commander (Godin) if he From Haltfex-Mr Goodan, Ml*» Ri«^fi«^"jTM5SSr«^or their power and ourinthe --. - ,whitebuildingsandtoweringsteeples. ThiswasanMr.DonohuecontendedthatthemotionwasmerelyanHesaystheplanwasconcoctedbyCaptainSaunders,ofof abtor antistovsry trium mh, and of the overwhelming a surgeon, after which he was sent home. abject humiliation uader it",whole Park, including the gentlemen and lady skaters, who went skimming over the surface of the ice with wonderful ease aad rapidity. It was astonishing to see what a deal of skating could be done by one person,about to be placed in lieu of the coin belonging to the claimants.ing the fair to prepare the way. Ed. Foster, Ballanddefeat of the South sad hat" ~"~~" " "mslave power," suggestedbyHarry Adson were of thto surprise party. Adsoa was After hearing the argument of counsel the Judge took killed, Foster wounded, and Boll escaped. They expectedand*of tfc» __us • 1 null is." the ahsrmhnd heps, aim ami purpose of>totakemyeasttothe Iwouldvacateatimmediately r. .f I thought h V State oseded or desired .Sut I hope and befkrve that000 60 hta b8Bcfif h . ^ " ^ ^ ^ fertile greater part of There was one young tody who went on the toe at an early s£Lf«?T2?*?L °»Tuesday evening about three hun- hour of the morning, and continued on it nearly theness. The suspensions were principally cotton factors. hearts' content, numerous hands of people dispersed 1 • -out that Soto was one of th e owners of the slaves recentlyCALLFOBAITHIONUBBTINGINKKXTCCKT. thegroundsandfoundabundantmeansofrecreation. •apturedonboardtheshipErie;thatbewasonboard ThefloorishandsomelycarpetedInrectangulartrianglesciety, for, with the hard times which are upon as, it isIt to possible to conceive, and a s there were wary few skaters on the ladies' pond, their skill and activity were the more readily made apparent, and drew forth the warmwho visited the Park yesterday have not done anything to smoothes the Ice, and we fancy that skating will notbe very easy today unless some water is let on and beallowed time to freete. The ladies' pond is the only onethat presents anything like an even surface. This inowing to the fact that but few gentlemen are permittedon this ice, with their ponderous skates and heavy corpo- the President pronounced the benediction, aad the con- mous of learned men. His name and memory will remain conrpanlment was played on a meiodeon, the organ beingthe people, as well as supplying the material wants of the Bible Work for the Christian Community," incomplete;poor; and in this respect it resembled the ministry of "Bible Texts Historically Arranged and Explained;' "Bi- theseasonhasopened,thatnowthewholesurfaceofthe JesusChrist, whonotonly preached theGospeltothe bleHistory;" "TheEverlasting KingdomofGod:" "Life ice is bruised and cut up in a very complete though un- poor, but healed their infirmities. Thto society extends of Jesus;" "The Basilica of Christian Rome;" "The Con- comfortable manner. The Immense number of skaters its operations from the Battery to Kingsbridge, and sup- stitution of the Church of the Future;" "Hyppolytus andthe congregation retired.Allen StroetThe thirteenth anniversary msntmg of thepeople under the sun, better eitiaen soldiers aad mors mod and raiment for their support, and, above all, that every blowthe Northmen strike us willrecoilontheir «wwn heads—or, rather, that when they lay their hands on as, it will, like the touch of the torpedo, paralyse their own arms. zVy nnwaat dmatate om catUm JUldt withoutMopping their mm iranami mat turning tkeir people into thettreetttobegorroborMane. Betide*,morethanfourHomo/ tktmbjtcUof theflrittt* ywswt ' "derive their dailylyram the cannot content to theiron of a linnff. Indeed, the world looks to us for of the rsfusaLof Governor Dennises, of Ohio, to deliver Park yesterday. Our reporter was informed by one ofand will not agree to go naked. up the man Lago, charged with enticing slaves from Ken- the officers on the ground that as early as eight o'clock The United States District Attorney applied for an order service commenced at half-past ton o'clock by a solemn 4, had together contributed three dollars, ana1sttthose proud and noble spirits who suier more from tucky. Some time ago a man named Lago was indicted in the morains there were over a thousand persons on for the confiscation of sovereigns and half sovereigns invocation by the Rev. John McCtellan Homes, the pas made the Hon. Abraham Lincoln a life member. The an insult than an tejary remember that the party about in the Woodford Circuit Court for enticing a slave to the ice and surrounding grounds, many of these being found on board the slaver Achorn, and to direct that tor, after which the reverend gentleman reada port ion annual report was very lengthy, aad showed that over to take the reins o f goterniiieat denounce us as barba- escape from his owner. Lago escaped and took refuge in ladies. Certainly, at from nine to U-n o'clock there were they be sold at the market value. This motion w as of the Scriptures, which was followed by the singing of four thousand dollars bad been expended b y the society rians and criminals, devoid of the virtues and even the Ohio. Governor Magomn made a requisition upon Gover- over three thousand, and at noon there was no room based on an affidavit of J. Buchanan Henry,one of the a hymn and prayer. The Rev. Dr. Bethune then Breached since its establishment. The society was composed main-commerce of the world. Such would undoubtedly be her bestpolicy. Inthatevent,weareforLongisland'ssece- ding from the State and joining the city.MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS.THE TK8T CASE BKTWKEN KENTUCKY AND OHIO.rations, andtheladies themselves only flit likefairies over the frosen waters, leaving scarcely any impression behind. 80 that, although our male population may pos- sibly find some inconvenience in skating because of the battered and irregular condition of their pond, the ladies canharecomfortableandeasyskatingtillthetoebegins to dissolve.gregationdispersed.A collection was taken up during the service to sustain the society for the coming year.Trie Slave Trade. TOUTED 8TATS8 DISTRICT COURT. Before Hon. Judge Betts.associatedwiththeworksofProtestantpropagandismun- dertaken ta thto century by the Kings of Prussia,W i l l i a m s b u r g C i t y N e w s .entoforder. Prayerwas then ofibred bythe Rev.Dr• Newell, pastor of the church, after which the children sang "Holy Angela ta the Flight," to a very lively mea- sure.Thefollowingisgivenasanexplanationofthecase commenced in the Supreme Court of the United states by the Governor of Kentucky —A test case is to be madeOrxxnrGorraxLnAvmnrsDITCHRKFOXMKDCHCTHJU—Yesterday the large and handsome new Dutch Reformedchurch, at the corner of Lee avenue and Hughes street,was solemnly dedicated to the worship of God. Morning der by other classes of the school. The boy's class, No.plies the spiritual and material wants of the people, and in his opinion it ought to be regarded as one of the glories ofNewYork.his Age," second edition, hi two volumes, 8vo. 1864; Sflhooi Missionary Society, connected with the "Analects Ante-Nictena." 1864; "Outlines ef the street Presbyterton church, took place last evening in theseats, which are very comfortable, are of black walnut.The Central Committee of the Contitutional Union party An immense number of ladies and gentlemen were to hr 1-nch ship at the time of the capture; and that whilst on of alternate black and crimson. The organ is very large son, Lockwood, Turnbull; Mils U C^lus, CastltenuBm^Bas thsvTundar lb •^reumatances, ought not, to recognise The eminence around the observatory was crowded all choir. The cost of the banding is $30,000, of which a Meatn H McKewKmVHLeVw, I Lfew*. ^ Hwatoto andfurthepurposeofconsulting upon thecourseKentucky didnotthinkthat,beingcapturedtwiceinsomesixweeks, large portion hasbeenliquidated. Mr.E L.Roberts,of tody,thethreeMissesStewart,MrAjfjaaer, Mte^wkin.. owasaawesjuai ar toy constituents as the equals of theirs. should pursue in the present crisis. Members of all during the day, tfao view from this elevated position slaving was a poor business, he answered without hesita- Brooklyn, is the architect. The building has been com Messrs Ehowlan, J Beattie, COBarbrtdfe, BV Crandeu, J K•wsuytooumdata,ttelawforthegovernment ofAla hamtooa, without h ending whether it would b e for their uyury a wa utterly regardless of my wishesor gltodemandofna,unquestioningobr mtheasmot compliancewiththeformsofthe FwUl t*ver robiutarfly consent to suchotherpoliticalorganisationsareinvitedtotakepartin the deliberations of the convention.beingexceedinglybeautiful. Thecoupd'aHfromtheOb- servatory itself is well worth a visit to the Park. As far as the 1ye can sec there is a broad and slightly undulating conntrylaying,asitwere,atthefeetoftheobserver,in allthesternandruggedfbeautyofawinter'slandscape.tion:—"Well, itwasnothingbutthefortuneofwar; that we might have missed him in one hour, or even less, as we tM-rr both w a fog."pletedinsevenmonths.TheMovementsofMontgomery's Gangtn K a mans.[Despatch to the St. Louie Republican.]Glendtng,JHJort,Mrsextan—Total,ex CBoasTADT-Bnrk TruasU-Wsi B Smith, of Boston.DBTABTCnW. SooTHASFros,HAvns*irp^^^8tenmshto^^C Pfender, bearer of.deajatiabss ti1 taeft^ goverumeat. IIBrooklyn City News.SSKiors AcnnsxT BTM.IIUM!KY —On Saturday a man en one side are the magnificent artificial Croton lakes, davit wherein he recited that ho had received a letterMr.!•<•>!<hut>opposedthemotion. Hereadanafli by the name of Richard Hlcky, employed at.the h>draU.c n<w completely frozen over superficially, spreading away from Sola, directing him to put in a chum for theseeffietolsr ,.uirr' a exvuity, submit my neck to the•allinc yoke of abolitic n fanaticism, or humble my pride^receivetanwly thecl * • • * *of_ * * * wmuhlican scorn works of Worthington. corner of Van Brunt and Rapelyea in the distance like a sea of molten glass. In the further sovereigns. Mr. Dooohne, upon information and belief, Further developements with regard to runniag off Mr. i^tdilSd^ocbS^: Toledo; iDUsCkwto eedebfld,EutTtoa OP A Snouuxaarow MUTOHof Shivery, predicted ay Lincoln, and "universal newly elated Mayor of Lynn,to a working shoemaker, ft me of the skaters seemed to be always on tbs move.iTttabto tkttael, " the ultimate extinc-Mr. Breed,thethe papers and reserved his decision.tonrt Calender—This Day. SursxuKCOCBT,Cmaorr.—Part1,Oyerand Terminer—to take all of Walker's negroes—except very old ones- two wagons, four mules to each wagon—aad two months' provisions, if to be bad; then go into the house, demand his money, and takeseventy-five dollars outofeverySEATKSt!!THE CENTRAL PARK FAVORITE SMrTH-8 sTRW 8KATB.(MeasuresbaringbeentakentoaecursLetter*PtwoO It*theSkatethatwillsalteverybody. Ituugbt,fol ln appearance, and not naely to get out of repair.It tithe only Skate adapted for the learner or fancy skater;for Mass ftBmwamwhfeTThese Skate*weremanufactured thepast summerby•ErtiTM, election.isT^S**"^"*£ ©oagratolatehim 00his Mr.Js«esDillon,whowasprominent inthewholeself,,day. Sometimes she would skate by her- with as much ease and gracefulnessPart2—NOB.1661, 1004,1872,878,1996,2012,2018,hundred. TheirpurposewastoreachOssawatomtothatthen she would take a companion aad whirl away withhimwithsuchrapid movements that Itseemed everyit was t"ttoffforwhombepresentedthathewould'•iweepctemV' tlemengotontheladies'pondbypolitelyescortingCOMMONPUUS GeneralTerm.—Nojurytrials.and was paid six hundred dollars for it. by Eastern societies for slaves thus run oft*.They get paidhalf of the workmgmen, hea, 111 w~Snxjuo* Oocw.-Part 1*-Nce. 987, 838tf, 715, 1067,Moulaon Brothers, of Sheaeld, England, expremuy for my This man says Montgomery was four miles from Ossa- •alee, and axe made of the best quality of Norway Iron andIxPsncnHncx, Dec. 12,1860.distance are the snow capped hills and forests of leafless denied that Soto was upon the Erie, as claimed by the Walker's negroes were made to-day, in the oon/easion of K V % M f u k N O; C August, do; 8 BandryTdo^B Ostreets, was caught by a belting and carried round thedrum several times, breaking his arm and receiving*nd doutolv amoJent in the •knowledge of the completeness other serious injuries. His harts were attended to by excellent point to get a full view of the attempt to get over the stipulations and bonds that were Montgomery '8 band. Saunders and Ball came hers dar- TotalST.janrfdmmm*lmmmmmtY. IBswcMrs'asMnmMUl to* to senatorial robes exultanttrees, while here and there the fields are dotted withofficers of the Navy.the uninjured man previous to his being put in prison.Winkler M*eoari; Andrew Tender, N T ; Madame Eliza iJnotr *o?H »*«uey. H»raa»- Cans Boanee, Btttnaore; fiffiotji, tf vVCourSamuel,do-end(liberateas if she were waltsing in her father's halls; 801, 6270,1992, 486,1091,1224.moment as if she would fall; hat she never made onepresented to Mr. Breedsmsnanoth broom, saying that it was the wish of the otV- false step during all these difficult passes. Several gen- 67,66.681,893 246,767. 606, 609,999,1088,1011,961,steel, and properly tempered »o,allthefateMstylesofEnglishandAmericanskates, e of which have never been offered ta thto market be-fore.PHIXRA8 SMITH.414 Broadway.Mew York, Between Walker and Canal streets.Paonctt on TBSEKIKCAXAI—Forty tw»«. » * <•,-,„, b. at Fort Plata, on which there are eM)0oobtttheto ofladies through the entrance, as thto was the only means bv which they could gain admittance from the sternjanitor who guarded the portals.watomie last Thursday night, and has never had over 766,687,891. Fart:2—Nos.640,880 sixty-fivemen. Montgomery'splanIstodetailfrom three to five men to commit depredations, and not the whole company. If this attempt on Walker had not failed,Boys' and gentlemen's Tool Chests fitted up complete, from fisotonra.1987,1088,1989, 1990, 1680,881. 788, 889, 1890, 1988. night, free the negroes and move them on to Iowa.John E. Stewart took nineteen to Iowa last summer•,669, 667, 619, 349686, 606, 882, 884, 888, 890,18, 764,622,602, as, 412,' 488 **». 1«, 8**,488,604, 990; 816,878,498,882,870,^TSL »they intended to get Benjamin Moore's stock.40000 b*eb*h of oats and 3K» bamto of app^L' Therewereseveraldealersinskateswho madequitea iJSEZ-A VyTMP*3h:9*+*m beenre-elected An attempt willbe madeabout ChristmasuponMr. Forsalebywheat. 4,000 barrels o f flour, 6.000 b u X t o o f corn There are hosts at other points, but the* tnjibpjl areUtile fortune yesterday by renting and selling these in- » Austin, Esq., State Treasurer. Before adjourning the Scott, near Van Buren, a merchant and largestove owner. dispensable articles, those who bad neglected or for- J«i|totor, pa^ed the bill appropriating « W ^ ? a i E Early ta the Spring a move upon the Cherokee nation isasva e)ialIfjU. »„ .gotten to provide «h*wffc"*with skates in the city werecontemplated. No particular spot is selected, but epie* are to go and mark out the route.Untitled Documentmmmmmm*—r-— • • ' • "i.journinthecentreoftheRomanworld. TheKingdenaRely atfivepercentdiscount,and wewere told itwoe _regulating mixed marriages; bat when Gregory XVI. suc-ceeded Leo, a different view of the subject was taken atthe Vatican, and then began in Germany, Poland and allsemi-Catholic and semi-Protestant countries, a series of A conversational discussion followed as to the feasibili- discussions between the State and clergy—a contest ty of charging a discount on uncurrent funds to exchange wbtoh ended to the imprisonment of several bishops. for staple and domes!to goods, and taking them at par atalsosatisfactoryevidencethattherearepersonstoevery thesameyearbepublishedamemoironthtoquestion,quarter of the globe who may to all eternity bless God under the title of "Memoir on the Constitutional Rightofor what Be has wrought through this Society; and there of the Duchies of Schleswig and Hototein," presented toarenotafewamongthemwhohavegiventhemselvesto ViscountPalmerston April8,1848. Hisconvictionsand Missionary Annireraary at*Use Centralfro,ontheprinciplethatVessels large may venture moreBatlittleboatsmustkeepnearthe work of theminisry and.arelaboring to diffuse theinfluenceofhisnamewereon thesideoftheefforts ment among the lookers on. The persistent but awkward the knowledge of Christ, not only in this land, bat atoo made b y the Diet in Frankfort for the union e f Germanyshall take effect until Monday next.Manyofthesebeginnerswerethecauseofmuchmerri-Presbyterian! Chareh.The seventeenth anniversary e f t h e Sunday Schoolamong the worshippers of idols in lands far away. They alsoappealforaidtoenablethemtoassistdestitute widows who have been left with young children, as many ofthesepoorwomenwouldgladlysend theirchildrentounder the King of Prussia, as Emperor; and he supportedLondon,andprotestedin1860against thedecisionofthe church. Itwaslargelyattendedbybothtodiesandgen-Philosophy of Universal History, Applied to Lan-guage and Religion;" "Letters on the Dangers to Reli- commenced by the children singing a hymn, •Come. Letbefore named church on Allen street, t h e proceedingsly of children. The receipts for the pent y<Messrs Wlmsm B Byrnes, 6 F Hardon. ZaMakta, WL Wake- field, William Hastings. George Wood*, I H Tracer, BfJ K K 8Unapm.MrIFICaMwell;MeauVYaavie^FealoB. "£•»£ -.In ordering Skates, send number or size of 8boe.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 