 nil»tfk» Snt-Tvrk Kme*of course, must be aware that at the;^'"'^^tT^^i^v<*y. this Govern-andThe RepnbUcana Slaverr-acceptany terms,piufiel^deyutoreof ererj MaU .teamer. Ptiofc ia wrappen.k CO.. rf the N»w-Yo»» Tnm. Kew-YoA City.;a ;evidentlybeingwe werea subject which did not concern us,with^nXK IIBW«TOBS. miBB.into the fire Territory,off its precious head. i|MlPi»k,<mP»rk-i»»i8j»aoe«i»*Hi«»n«'*' ^^ Mr. lJnoola*8 Tiewa on SbtTery—Hisisis decided, and the Saott ahid faa*»iPaMtohed Is ih* dsn BalUli« mnUnc tba CityspeaksdodgeTk«OTW-TORKTUIKS(D»lly)to—notinthetoneandmannerofa aqd fairlyman seeking votes, bnt of one who desireshis precise opinions to be clearly and distinctly understood.1Pnl>"»*M?»"J^» erentaf—Price Two C»ires. wrredgoodgreattempting " oflfer."oflete us know its intentions befixe we kiiij»«»1111-1CnitAweek, nulled Six DouAU»7««r- _„„n<ii.-lb tlu Edtlar Tou,.-men areby who probably quoted from, when I say that I think the opponents ofnou.AM.^tKt ptnm WHO wM and u* a £^tf,J/„."^Jt"a"i^n deposited againitwiB soooctmost desirable result we shaU be wSBl^li*»»« . ,e« Z!ai,,kagtwo c<»l«lo one «M«». *'proachingto use their to pull roasted chestnuts ont of the fire.returns,suspensetemiiiala^;»i OTW-TOHK TIMESIJT. *^'^/'Lmcoiitas much opposed to the extaiuim of Slaveir as he is. vrfll resist the furtherthing since monkeys beganpawsnceive <m extra c«nf"There are other pointS^ connected with the where the public mind shall rest In the belief Ibat K general subject, not now directly in issue, per-1^;wI^£'S&to'H??.lATlIOND riS^c^isKm of Mr. LnreoLs's words. of coarse, They,we have apprelienslonsjJUBUrS JEUBDlKrrPnmo.,aspeiitythey bringdetermination toobluster, too much concentrated upoi) a greatto waste itselfpurpose npon profiileas andsuspicious displays. For these reasons, thaTBKATBS—PuTm wmUMtOIFS irnSEnil—Day and Srentof-SuJiisiof their indnstry.'R> soeh a caoMlW1X|4U^S BOiiriSSraalS. dignified fat mOf' sjuim—WkuIs I» J—Jos»»h and au Bhithuic.protect and uphold the South in Her rightt inthit respect. Vou tell us this is what Mr. LiHOoui means. If so,let us liave his own assertion to that effect.During the past four weeks, I have, as occasion offered, questioned forty-seven gentlemen with regard to tlieir views as to the approaching election. EightCertainly this is sufficiently explicit to satisfyI'U'- THBATBK—SpAlDim k Ko«i»8' CiEOOS.wouldamaOVET k CAMPBELL'S, Nlblo'l Saloon—Kiaio?iv« ' 'l^iTUWimra*.designs tion ;" indeed, any attempt to " interpret" it I mentioned that as one of the points decided la the upon Slavery in the South, he was supposedKo. MS—irHitMOX's F«iz Galiiht ^SAKilr-STSB^—fully-sufl^cingcoherent resolution underliesatneereBoone County Bank, in that place, are concerned. It is supposed that iey have circulated from $300,- 000 to $500,000 in counterfeit bills on that institu- tion. The spurious and the genuine notes are— fulland leave our correspondent to judgehesitated to say, and I do not now hesitate to say, that / think, under the Constitution of the United States, thethey rights,and— fidelity to his public dutiesin all these re-contractor for Obb A Co., was slightly hurt. Messrs. Hasnaxan and Saxton, owners of the mill, lose about $5,000. The buildmg that fell waserectedlastWinter.expect it »111 cease to be diiided. It will become all one thing, or all the other. Either the opponents ofSlavery will artest the further spread of it, and place itwould be exceedingly sorry ever to be put in a posi-for the of purposethat w^^tenttnt-gbl the belief of the framets of the ConsUtnUon Itself, whyTherecandidate now betee theMenwrjfereatiOT Amiea4aM«aaaoaa«BiBdtf^^ aiwiHMitif.lfr Idwwuf «»4o«iBa^^^foratbe Htdienshe should ever become a hapadoptloBciae explanations of bis poaitioB onof these important points, than Ur. Lnoour.His language needs no "interpretation," itafter Lmoout's election,—and then, ately"MparfMM,veMBwharelthadnotalreadygone potheUcal future babe might Why declare that vrithin twenty yean the Africansaya,tlon,and also offer theprecedence tn the dengn-and singe CoarseTowardstheBonth.Slave-trade, by which slaves are supplied, might lieeat off by Congress t Why were aU these actsT Imightenumeratemoreoftheseacts—butenough.Whatwere butaclear fram- they Indication that theKor does itand aU the any ofsoapeaded imtilthe <Fourteen are Anti-Republicans under any and all circumstances, NEWS OF THE DAY. whilst the remaining twenty-five intend voting thetells the people what my objectiona more precise meaning, and it is not easy to not tell them myself. Now my opinion is that the is to have Slavery left where it is,«t On Tanraiaas.of them I found to be Republicans.—and thisthem,and willPrince Albert, whose arrival at St Johns is elsewhere announced, we receive two days later advices Ijom Europe. They are not tilm important character. The meeting at War- MW 4f the Emperors of Austria and Bussia and the of Prussia had taken place, but liotidBg bad ttanspiied as to the Conferences. Ac-elected, means to male an attack upon Slavery where itchargethatMr.Lincolnisforinterferingwith Slave<^ in the Southern States.So in a on the 16th again subsequent speechof October, Mr. Lincoln used the following"they choose. The Dred Scott decision decides that theyBythestearaBhipwould have the as-TheCharlestonclared that the success of the RepubQcan Par-would an endput to the slavery agitationPtiac^ Begenteeittig to the latest intelligence &om N^les, the correspondent states is substantially trueVote Od the annezatioa question, was in the act oftaken. ItissaidthatthetitleofPrinceand Oe nnk of General would be offered by Victor BMniTftoGasibalsi. ThetextofthePrussia ^ftmyft-l. relative to the invasion of the Papal Stateshas been published. It refuses to ac- eepttToDnt si Catoub's justification.Haa» and Hambmv, left on tSTnassengers,and(166,700in specie«f wHkineton, for liverpool, with 192 passengers, mOed at me' same time. Owing to the violent"prejudice againstI iiave noRegistership.office of Register, tiie BepnUieaaUf'^udiiiiaTbe steamship Borutna, for Southampton, thean Old-Lineciples is sincere and thorou^. He iaSaturdaynoon, withof the South, and judge of his sen- timents from the misquotations and misstate-ithave a due regard to the actual presence of among anew, if it were out of existence. We know which the CharlestonLat^advices&omthePacificcoastreachusby behassaidonthequestionatissue.But the question of the Registership which, sponsible for the origin of Slavery than we, I ac- Administration, that party will be generally with the Republicans, is mainly one of sowhich left San Francisco on tte Mth ef OcXtibet, and arrived at St. Joseph onknowledge the fact. Whenitis saidthattheInstitu-t)ie Ponyasthemostservative party in the Union. It proposes the ual, is to the Democrats a questtoavitid toEgress,nationalandbandar afternoon. Thein the transmis- Mr. Li>-coLN ought to have made some newto disturb it where, in one instance, we think the Con- In I can understand and an/ satisfactory way,dela^appre- what I should not know how to do myself. If allalaDcfthenewsfromthatpomtwascausedby declarationsonthissubject,wedonotcon-die prorttation of the telegraph line. The steam-lite Cvrtez sailed on the 20th for Panama, iiavingoaoDard nrarly a million in treasure, destined for was a candidate would have been justly openthjp CStT. nie vessel lost by the pilot in entering to the suspicion of having been said for effect the haiboT of San Francisco in a fog turns out to —while it could not have been or have been the steamship Granada, which sailed stronger fitMB this port on the 14th of July, destined to more directly to the pojnt than what he has (aaa, with the Mosct Taylor, a new line in the andwould permit us to disturb it in the District of Colum-bia. Stitl we do not propose to do that, unless it shouldbe in terms wiiich 1 don't suppose the nation is very to do, as to the existing institution. Mythe terms of making the and send them to would be to free all the slaves,— basis, ^tlht ofthe increaseasrepeatedlyhave lepoits of more Indian massacres in Oregon. struction. Nor is it, as our correspondentalreadyvessel, though the engines may be recovered. We his motives were not open to any such con-actualthrown about it.it seeks to sprrad itself. We insist on the policy that in the next ten days shall restrict it to its present limits.itself, pollingCafifOTiiia trade. There is no hope of saving theislong run, its sudden execution impossible. If they lance of ourAb MDigiant train had been attacked by the Sho-Aonee; who killed a large number, and drove theito^inder away from the wagons. Two of them that can be necessary to satisfy any fair-ping and surplus money enough in the world to carry them there in many times ten days. What then? Free them all, and keep them among us as imder-voteslicehave beenfalsely registered.Our po-had uiived in ue white settlements, after subsist-ii« on: dried horse-meat for twenty-one days. Theattack was made between Salmon Falls and FortBidse. Advices from British Columbia are to the extent, is simply to read his ownIMh of Oct<*er, but there is nothing of import- ance.Is It certain that this betters their condi- quitethis ; groundwill votethe Citystorm which prevailed they, with the pulous forgeries have been palmed off as de-very us,andthedifficultyofgettingridofItinanysatis- thatsomeSouthernmendofreetheirslaves,goMercury;•uteriy — Soofiiem ateameis, came to anchor at Quarantine, clarations of Mr. LiNCOLK whileits actual existence in the nation, and to our Consti- tutional obligations, we have no right at at to disturb it in the States rchereit exists, OTid we profess that we have no more inclination to disturb it than we have the rightWe venture the prediction that, in less than one year after the incoming of a Republicanin noand finally left on Sunday morning. have his enemies quoted fairly and fully whatmentsofSomeunscru-very factory way, and all the Constitutional obligationsNorth,now an active andsuch is entitled to the support of all mea professing like principles witji himseitcur.Anythinghe might have said while hedoingearthly powercheckingThe withdrawal of Joh!( C. Uathib as the Tam-candidate of the Third Congressional Dis- in the course of uHimate extinction i or its advocatesI must that if Slavery shall be kept out of the add,many will push it forward till it shall become alike lawful trict was immediately followed, on Saturday even-the territorial existence ofand weto cast a spurious vote in the ballot-box. De- that it win prove the most efficacious in theing, byhisidace. Mr. Savaos has long been identified withtite Tammany Democracy, with whom he en-and then the field,hav- pwehoepnle shalcl,ome toWe certainly knowdealing,^^^^ Democratic Dilenuaas.He was a delegate to both the Charleston and Baltimore Conventions.This needs no"interpretation;" it is a sim-are moreI see no alternative, if u-e own the country, but to admit sensible, moderate, conciliatory and consider-joys great popularity.A mass meeting waa held on Saturday eveningby theactualpresenceof the institutionamong them,ions concerning Slaverythoroughlyig-|Stock maiket on Saturday, but prices at the closewere firmer than on Friday afternoon, with some izing Slavery. Now, it Is singular enough, if you will signs o( improved demand fior the New-Tork and carefully read that passage over, that I old not say1 mustorder in theafter his head was cut off.George SakdxbsDocsui informed you that this of mine was probably carefully prepared. Ibe nerved and outstretched for action. Ex-•eems to be the emulatingGentlemen, Judge speechUnited States generally, and New-York in par- ticular, from the election of Mr. Liscolm.that if I should be of that does slavekolding Statestmts upon it. But I don't care about a quibble in re- is addressed to the manufacturers of New- gard to words. I know what I meant, and I will not•^,should be prohibited in all the Territories of the distinction inemergency.The last vaticination of our headlessfriend,convenientin the act of bringingYork, who are solemnly entreated to considerwhftt their fiite win be when the Union shallbam been dissolved, tire South have become emnient tias endured eighty-two years, half slave andhave said inof Slavery into followtheleadingofanymorepromptStates."Presidency what briUiant and in the face of thishalf free. I know that. I am well Jn^pendentimportingnation,andNew- tolerablypour into Charleston, andtry shaU be executed by the barbarian legions vided loyalty to their contending chieftaiaa toWith ourWe go fiirther than thatwe don't proposecon-possibleof the evil, andnatural causes and the laws of social economy.to athe representative of Mayor Wood, riiooldsucceed, the powers now in contrtd of Taaa-many Hall will at once surrender titeirtrast^election there will be thousands of votestens to leveiae this orderaatMpatktt, skaBecause theadmits very plainly of such a construction.clinatian to take it back, that / believe there is w> right, ni., on the 18th of September, we the Bepublican Party to be, to leave Slavery jutt copyof Mr. Lnoout'sNow, U is useless for you or other Republican Edi- 'languagespeechesThey do not seelt to aboliah or its extension or increase. It is not easy totots to undettake to reassure such men, or to con- vince them that they are mistaken in their mterpreta-DouoiAS has said toable to get from me an answer to the question whethersup- pose themselves quite as capable as you of arriving at a man's true meaning and Inteat from the languageSo I know far asto such a policy. The whole disturbancewhich prevails through the country has beenEveryhave.notthat power. If the State ofpover, 1 sbtntld be opposed to the exercise of iti is all I have to say about It."manofthisIllinoishadthatMercurynot de- long agoexists.vote the Republican ticket, if be couldsurance from Hr. LiseoLN himself to the contrary.1 have no doubt that where one vote might be lost to the party by the couise proposed, five would be gahied. s ANTI-ABOLITION.alreadytwenty-fiveWe have very little doubt that what our —think it is a moral, a social and a political wrong. Wethink it is a wrong not confining itself merely to thepersons or the States where it exists, but that it is awrong in its tendency, to say the least, that extends what we would be in their situation. If Slavery did proach years itself to the existence of the whole nation. Becausewho are really opposed to the extension of Slavery,I Southern people. They? Has it not been a standing re-namely, that very many personsitwe tidnk it wrong,shall deal with it as aany other WTOng, in so far at we can prevent its grow-ing any larger, and so deal with It that in the run of sides who would not hold Slaves imder circum- to the South, and should lie left for the SouthanyFor thenominee is Mr. Johs E. Errssa, of the Vfaithfor the reason as- But this must be simply because theyLincoln hassaid the subject of Slavery and uponnot now exist among them, they would not Introduce— we thatWard, a gentleman in allthe most hearty support of his party. A builder by occupation, Mr. Ejctsib was for-againstXiNCOLNare unacquainted with what Hr.we a course of that propose policyIf it did now exist amongst us, we should not in-were a sectional stirring up— ^thatrespects deservingsigned.We deal with it as w ithtime there may be some promise of an end to it. We stances, and others who would gladly introduce Sla- to manage? Yet this is precisely the result school, and his adhesion to BepnUieaa piiaalready rightsmerlyWhigof theHenry Clayhisopponents.while somethrown about It. I suppose that in reference both to em ones go South, and become most cruel slave- tory.ardent Bepublican, and ascorrespondent's suggestion,thatto do it.;tion exists, and that it is very difficult to get rid of itrecognizedtrulypecuniary gainparticular individ-a case ofminded man of Mr. Lincoln's disposition tosuggests,"interpretation."Allthat inanythingdue to the ac-If,hand. Judge Breknas dieaklthe respect rightsI think I would not hold one in slavery at anr yet the point Is not dear enough to me to de- nounce people upon. What next ? Free them, and My otmi would, we In a speech made at Freeport, 111., August well know that those of the great mass of white peoplethe consummation of their crime and thus make the evidence of theirdedaralioiis. in his own words,which Mr. Lincoln has made declarationsmake them politically ami socially our equals ?entertained by the voters of Irish birthagainstjudgeequallyfeelingswill not admit ofof theirmeaning,explicit and equally satisfactory.thts and mine ; ifguilt not sounmistakable.Itisthe dissection of tiieir dead which relativea,'said, at a time whenexistence of the institution and the difficultieshope (as I think there is) there may be in this, in theof the South to the fullestNow, there are various other points con-llngs T tion ?have been "spotted" will be allowed to ' friends of Mr. BaainiAB are active and san-—and then to and of the characterap-ofSbnply because they believe that Mr. LnooLS Is. In toWhyUthtat / Slaverymeans to wield the power of tlte party, whose head he is, ivrtcan agtmut the Smak and her ehtruked in- •tidittm.And why do they hold this beUef Tcase:— likely soon to agree toIelection, be paraded with!|Judgeyoufliat he has not beenanxionsare intended so to ital sedative for lA not thos tiiattoOeindependence oftheir^oHficalinstitotfeaa. tie safisty of tkdi propeaty aad the paoa*Atelegram from Kew-Orleans announces an ar-rival at that port firom Campeachy, witii intelli- of the man who makes them, ingence that a civil war has broken out in Tucataa, the same manner as you would judge anycaoaed by the imposition of inland duties on goods other man's language under any other circum-from <7anipeachy, and a contention for the revenuesof the Island of Carmen. Preparations for hosti- stances. The only sentiment ever quotedlities were going on, and Campeachy was marching from Mr. Lincoln which gives any color of state his opinions on each point still more We cannot, then, make them equals. It does seemtroops on the capit&L plausibility to the charge that he intends to fully ; and we copy those remarks as follows :A very extensive counterfeiting operation has interfere with Slavery, is that from his speech THE rroiTivE slate law.been brought to light at Lebanon, Ind., in which "the cashier and several others connecyed with the at Springfield June 17, 1868. We copy it in In regard to the Fugitive Slave law, I have never When remind us of their constitutional'«ilfPB?^P5?^^^ SPISW^^jK^s^^P?^^!*!!|Hi!ywi-*^.'-i«^w^^„«K y««.-g«k mm^mmimMmmk^^^>^to mfWtf^wovld^a en«UrnheaTTVB Ws heart someten or ^ummat*eatiHetion. TheyhadnasDawtelieltoTe. he«». '^ be,aft« aD.only The adoption of the ConaUtulion and its attendant isra^ y«ai» whobnratIntotaarabe- hWoryledthepeopletobelieveso; and soekwmofleaiive to persons la this andieBoe,"•ad or aa a»Soliiia«li«MK oC flw4l<MMMBtM.'f Uk>f:»*tf^«ea^irtcia«nte1»«Al^^S ifotbd, at the thon^tHuttif did those old men, about the time of tiiepropoaea, flierefore, Icgiatotan caflaState Oonrentioa imafBd^of Mpybride,herhy- ttieCoastituttoa.decreethatSlaveryihoaldnotgobito the new Ters of the Constitution Intended andtimate exUnctioB of that lostltution ?I say, as I said in my speech that Judge Douslas hasspreadcourse of ultimate extinction, f only meanthefoundersofMat will theyit where mentoriginallyplacedit,on Fridayplacein hisnight, declared the whole aim and duty of theI have said a hundred times, and I have now no in-proceedings iatlwUy||ir est evidence of their insincerity. If fli((f «and ought to be no inclination in the people of the FreewithStates to enter into the Slave States, and interferethe question of Slavery at all. 1 have said that always Judge DonOLAS has heard me say it-^ not quite hundred times, at least as good as a htmdred times and when it is said that I am m favor of intetfiring with Slavery where it exists, I know it is unwarrtnted byanythingIhave ever intendei, and, atIbelieve, btI havefollowing, givingHR. LIHOOUl'S niWS ON HIOBO OITIZISBHtP. "where it is.disturb it; but they do propose tofprevent would notbutand I would give ttiem any legislation for the Mb. Pkzsissrt, ahd Gihtlucxh of tbi Contik- sional Fusitive Slave law. Having said that, I have reclaiming of their fugitives, which should not, in itslioW far it warrants any such conclusion "•alreadymade, it isa remarkablecontrast toPresident of &e Bank has fled, from which cir- to do, and how to do it.cumstance, it is inferred that he is deeply impli- fifth year, since a policy was initiated with the avowed tions that pertain to it, wifbout lessening its effi'-iency.this grave ofTence against the law. They prob- aiily did not reflect that an attempt to prevent tiie true expression of the popular will in a mat-should die under the jurisdiction of the Alms- house Department to the medical staff and medical students for dissection.cated in the transactions. object, and confident promise, of putting an end to About 8 o'clock rai Saturday morning a portion Slavery agitation. Under the operation of that policy, of Mount Temon Jdls in the upper part of Troy that agitation has not only not ceased, but has con- and fell outward upon a'buildiug adja- stantly augmented. In my opinion, it will not cease, cent in course of erection for Obe & Co., paper until a crisis shall have been reached and passed. ' A makers. Alxiut 9,000 bushels of wheat were stored house divided against itself cannot stand.' I believeAnd Inasmuch as we are not now in an agitation in regard to an alteration or modification of that law,excuse for permitting Slavery to go bito our own freeterritory than it would for reviving the African Slave-trade by law. The law which forbids the bringing of ter soslaves from Africa, and that which has so long forbidthe taking of them to Nebraska, can hardly be distin-guished on any moral principle ; and the repeal of the tardly crimes that can be perpetrated in a free can ranks ; and as between Lynch and Baair-gave way,the, ADMISSION OF SLAVE STATES.ofof themostrains. A workman named Patbick Lsydkn, was slave and half free. I do not expect the Union to be pledged to the admission of any more Slave States seriously but not fatally injured. Mr. CotlRTSKT, dissolved,—I do not expect the house to fall—but I do inloihe Union, I slate to you very frankly that Ithe latter."We submit these rather long extracts fromsentative institutions. We do not apprehend that the evil, now that it has been so thor-and morewhere the publu: mind shall rest in the belief that it isbe anotherTerritories duringthe nomination of John T. Savaqe, Jr., in in all the State^, old as well as new—Nortli as well as one given Territoaryn,d a clearanydoubt notSouth.Have we no tendi ncy to the latter condition r"dosuchantection, under the close scrutiny that But for the sake of those who have beenend.theDistrict to ratify the spread of Slavery must be arrested before them into the Cnion.ple statement of a belief "thatmisled in tliis matter, it is wellI em-bi ars such construction as Judge Douglas anyever,possesstrade among the different States, / should still not be infavor of the exercise of that power unless upon someand Ltrciisyou call it, but I do not believe the languagediately.whom he has bidden to the conflict, JcNics Brutls Pryor may be depicted:to Charleston and at Baltimore knew thatployedleave tlds crowd In doubt, if I can explain It to them, what 1 really meant in the use of that paragraph.pierceto for theI am not, in the first place, unaware that this Oov- JHstrict ofacquaint- ed with the history of the country, and I know tnat Itacrossthecoun- the' furtherThe leaders of the or Democracy believe,people of the SouthernStates are entitled to aCongres-fairly;spects presentingthe ul- And now, whenexpectedit,and It placecausedI take it for graated that, confident as the Republl- ever used which could be so construed, zenohip. This ftimishes me an occasloa for saying a Slavery. ^They have pursued this poUtgrof wfaioiihemakesuse.cans ftoel of success, they would not object to havingjIanythingIhaveeversaid. If,byanymeans, language &lr^kim very frankly that lam not inbythe efforts of the South to increasenme eettaiiLthat can admit of no question, that in case of his elec-that success made itillWhat then is to be done?Let Mr. Lnsou come forth boldly and statein wordsnow exists, he mil, as in duty bound by kit iiuMgural oath,Dous-lofty coniagetion, so far from Interfering with Slavery where itcomplaint. Judge,|cor-forsteadilypose by charging its opponents with designing to interfere with it where it now exists.Senator Sewabd's declaration on this p<Hnt ought to have weight with candid and fair-(as, however, I believe I never have,) I now rect It.So much, dien, for the~biferenee that Judge Doos- LAS draws, that I am in fiivor of setting the sections at war with one another. / know that I never meant any such thing, and I believe that no fair mind can inferfew words upon the subject. I mentioned in a cer- tatai speech of mine which has 'been printed, that ttie Supreme Court had decided that a negro could not possibly be made a dttsen, and without saying what was my ground of complaint In regard to that, orwhetherIbadanygroundofLAS has from that thing manufactured nearly every thing that he ever says about my dlqiosltion to pro- duce an equality between the negroes and the whitesome years past, covering its pur-teri^lse fltey piofesaregardinvoivligig.any suck thingfrom anytkingI have ever said."minded men.as among the most advanced of the Anti-stringency, be more likely to carry a free man into(UtOT and Register forged on the former. The whither we are tending, we could better judge what Slave law, further than that I think it should have slavery, than our ordinary criminal laws are to hang through ignorance or foolishness, to commit bodies, " claimetfor unclaimed,'' of those whofrom the same plate, with the names of the Au- HOif:If we could first know where we are, andhad notlung to say in regard to the existing Fugitiveto beyoungmen who have beenpersuaded, notabUifyw*s the order tosurrender aQtrading" Bepubli-We are now far iato Uie been framed so as to be free from ^me of the objec-an innocent one.But all this, to my judgment, furnishes no morethisTwrk, im self-defence, wiU have to be declared has endured eighty-two years, half slave and half United States, is full and explicit within itself, and does not seem to insiist upon such precedence.gratificationm (kee poit, like Hamburg and Bremen, and so free. I itiifiE—and that is what I meant to allude to cannot be made clearer by any comments of mine. So «il jw iIo«ded with all manner of foreign there—X believe it has endured, because during all that I suppose In regard to the question whether I am op-interest of tiie they nation,^hentime, until the introduction of theIbe prospect is dreadful, -and when a Nebraska bUl, thethe is firstmyselfof any more Territory unlessfois9Kflae UmIiw like GaoBax depicts its horrors, we was in course of ultimate exUnction. That wasdesires that some other State shall now as-On fhdr they own abowing—liwt Hrt with reverence. We hope what gave us the rest that we hadshe will imme-nant sion, nation toI Hfifthe manniactiiieTB win do as much.Kerertheless, ita oecnrs to us that the man-better understood, than the answer of secession,vfbich, whenever made, andbravelysustain. Butdelaybyarriere-ban of thearms. And this we are to wit- allferred to liave Mr. Liaooui beat them. Andtionist—I have been an Old Linefor themsetres, and that it may strike some until this new era of the Introduction rf thegreatest,ness bythe movement is not to be questioned,:nfiu^reia may pOMiUythink the matter everWhig—1. As impostors who carenothing <<" to adore, andof tlie moreand haid«ned amongbillbegan.Ialwaysbelievedat I say to a to Abolitionism as audience in the State of Illinois, and I believe Ito be the sole...... foresee laskepticalthem, that the machinist or the eablnet-maker against it, and that itsaytkaltha e beenassume 2. As inespableswho declines to vote liur LnroMJi to-monow by.] Baowmao thought sostrongly tendinghis Brown-Helper party and sectioB itaa Iwv^ {>0H«Ki«itwho did"Otpublic mind did rest in the beUef thatSlaverytherein, my answer Is such earnestlyadd nothing by way of Illustration, or sume the honorable position of leadingraceshaveriseninrevoltagainstoppres- couldliavebeatenHr.Lncoui,buttheypre-of eighty-two yearsways hated Slavery, I thhik, as much aswhich I have in writing. diately follow,tmktvtTMtedmthe litti^ thatSlncrfof vat inifitwouid be offeasir« (o any;at least, so I believe.placedmore than a shortmnat therefine be content toberegardedAboU- I have ai- wpys hated It, but I liave always been quiet about JtNow in all this,that I was really entertaining one set of ophilons forthrough that period 'I have al-makingall will be the the most reprehensible and most fatal of errors. It is all-important to the most perfect successand called the verythat everybody was was afraid toconsummated and com- before the AboUUon President shaU be taaugu-not be pre- which may they/ would0/ agitationsubject general question of Slavery.importantMag-There willnpon Congressionalbe muchnot be the man to introduce it as a netoas the election of a Chief" candidates in theposed to Slaverythat I couldwas in course of here I ultimate ex- another. What I am sayingistinction. tPointing to Mr. BaoWHiHo, who stood nearvast audience as any«asayingthat which,pletedrated, and before he and;the great massthe na-fturituponistratethe Republic, is onedas-in the mm, and about half of it fell among the this Government cannot endure permanently half In regard to the other question, of whether I am former could find quite as plausible excuses as that of country, fur it strikes at the root of all repre- BAN, there can be no doubt that the latter wiDto pass upon that question. I should Mr. Lincoln'.^ speechescan tie carried out toone, and one more difficult of commission, fair prescribed bytion ofbe exceedingly glad to know that there would neverhavingthat class of men whom our corres-oughly exposed,SlaveStateadmittedintothe Union but ;anygreatextent.Eetsik, and to allow the to partyconsequencesing a fair chanceadopt the Constitution,thing as to adopt a Slave Constitution, uninfluencedtrusted on this subject.of no public man in this country whose opin-DOMKSTIC SLAVE-TRADE.TheProspects of Secession.ItisperfectlyaasIf we take the DemocracyInthat a:- to the question of the abolition of the Slave-muster in serviceable rade-ground in that city, onregardto the fifthinterrogatory,say here,; Erie, 31}. that I was in favor of anything in it. I only said what trade tietween the different States, I can truly answer, in a minority even af h(vme, and tliat tliey of November ;tiieWesternroadshares. Central,82} No change in M<»>ey a&irs.Woe to Babyloh, that Gbiat Cut.— state a poslUon so as to hold entirely twtmd by Charleston Mercury, in a long article, discus- courseofultimateextinction. Idosonow,however, myselfPatbick w^on the faith uf his fellow-creatures so there need be no longer any difficulty about that. it. In other words, that question has never been sing the subject, saysI expecud would lake place. I made a prediction onlyas I have, that Iam pledged to nothing about it. It Isthat they would not thus early be believe that the Union reallyis toperishonthey extraordinarywill be niaintained to-morrow, wiU be almost certain.la not apeople who has giren more ftiO, clear and pre-The uat OSate toward the South, than his. All thatnomination of Isaac Delaplaine, the Fusion can- the public mind will be at rest. Tliis speech ABOLITION OF bLAVERV IN THE DISTEICT OF CO- he claims the right, or feels any disposition, have been thereby saved from the commission publican Party in the elections of to-morrowin the EghtU Cougressioualdidate for Congress. Speeches were made by Gen. was made on the 17th of June, and Judgehapsthattheywarning,Tallmadge, Mr. DELArLAiNE, and others, andto the abolition of Slav- ery in the District of Columbia. In relation to that, 1the meeting was largely attended the rain.notwithstandingThat is the wholescopepur-that wouldso £tr, by the Commbsioners of Excise, against the dilfetent liquor dealers, prosecuted for violating the Excise Law, amount to six hundred, and penalties attached, costs and all, to the aggregate of about $38,000.The stormy weather checked business materi- ally. Transactions in Breadstuffs were limited. Tile high claims of shipowners were against ac- tixe saoreoients. Prices of Flour and Wheat wereregistration,A moderate inquiry prevailed tor Cotton, Hnr> Svgan, CofiiBe, TaQow, Provisions, Iron, Hops ana Common Beaiii. Whisky attracted more atten-and it will man is nomi- ingly glad to see Congress abolish Slavery In the Dis- nated whose record is so clear, explicit andRepublican Partyonlyknret.that in all theirin favor of making them entirely;—evident from their own admissions that theDisunionists of the South know that they are—in;I that amstitutingaportionVirginiahonest |>owerwereThere were 546 vessels of all classesdex.In the Richmondpapers appearsa noti-safe.This is allmanwhohasit inhis wrong from being perpetratedas the perpetrator.at their word, andtioo. The freight engsgemeota tively light.compara-of Columbia:o HxvbtBut thatport.The dlillness eontbined in the dealings of thetopreventa and fails to do:,destroygoodDouglas immediately seized upon it as afford-The fourth one is inregardand That is his idea of the ob-ing ground for the charge that Mr. Li.nx'olnTlie judgment entered up in the Common Pleas, advocated interfering with Slavery in the exceedingly glad to see Slavery abol^hed in the Dis- ject and aim of the Republican Party. And if TheDocolas thinks he discovers great political heresy. Iwill never vote for who holds the anybodyNo man ever will be nominatedwanWyour attention particularly to » hathe hasin-am in favor of the States of this Union uniformsamewho will not be misrepresentedferred from it.Imakhig domestic concerns Iand tliird, that com- am pensationshouldbemadetoimwlllingowners. Withopinions.;these three conditions, I confess I would be exceed- beveT>- longHe saysallin all their Internal qualified voters In the Districtregulationsthis inference from the language I have quoted to you.atime beforeHe draws am in favor of maiaixg war by the NorthHe says that Iupon the South for tlie extinction of Slaveryalso in favor of inviting (as he expresses B) tlie South to a war upon the North, for the purpose of national-'veryit is an old prejudice ofuniform.LVMBIA.to do, in regard to Slavery, is to stop its in-crease.—name, and ex-will be followed by the diss<dution oi theAmerican Union. it They accordingly chargeupon the Republicans that they, and only they, are to be held responsible for this fearfiil and imminent catastrophe. Like the timid Lord Mayor of London in the time of the Gordon riots, who complained to the affrighted Cath-have my mind very distinctly made up. I should be poseSouth. To this charge, on the 10th of July, trict of Columbia. I believe that Congress possesses those who concur in the wisdom of thatat Chicago, Mr. Lincoln made this reply:policy the constitutional power to abolish it. Yet as a mem- will not vote for Lincoln in order to carry it"In thisparagraphin favor of endeavoring to abol sh Slavery in the Dis-because he has beenrepresentedas hold-which 1 have quoted in your hear-ber of Congress, I should not, with my present views, betions : First, that the abolition shotild tie gradual. Second, that it should be on a vote of the majority of—out— ing, and to which I ask the attention of all. Judge trict of Columbia, unless it would be upon these condi- ing ultra views on the general subject, theyolics that "ifhouses," these excellent patriots profess thatin theClat, sweep from our Capital that foul blot upontrictour nation.'and,languagewell so far as itgoes. people,;if thewouldtiisrejoindertoJudge Dodolas, at Charleston,MiBj^^lfor itself.ed movement ftilly Slave-holdingSecession to States." Theor evade any single question it meets them aUofdeed, it is any part of it.And with our present Police;planvery itself Iheieaott. Bnt if the South uponhaps, concerning which Mr. Libcolb's arowals of sentiment have been equally explicit. From»--I am In favor ofthe Judge never asked me the question before.act,negro citizenship. shall have no occasion to ever atk itHe I tell of negro citi-; forand rriiiillBu0^the most fastidious. It needs no " interpreta- people. If any one will read my speech, he will find Slavery Republicans. If one had anyto me that systems of gradual emancijiation might be adopted ; but for their tardiness in this I will not un- dertake to judge our brethren of the South.chance in ten of escaping detection and pun- ishment.In some cases of arrestsonly fair to state (hat the guilty parties appear Mr. Lynch, whose only public act of any/ acknowledge them,notgn'dgingly,fullyenablingpondent represents, to judge for themselves, from his own declarations, whether Mr. Lin- coln is, or is not. conservative enough to beIt is oneof hiswill experience a great deal of ditficulty into which I have not that mature con- sumptionpolicy.any satisfactory as Mr. Lincoln's.aSt. even say that I desired thatJBlavery should be put in sideration that would make me feel authorized to persuading any Stale to take The placed in marching order if they were not to account of to doubt whether theas a prophet, on the strength of preaching It may be wiittea down in the great speech.prominently enough before me to induce me to inves-tigate whether we really have the Iconstitutianalpower to do It. I could investigate It If I had suffi-cient time, to bring myself to a conclusion upon that" But, unfortunately, the true and devoted South-erners as make but a minority of the^whole South- yetem people. Even among the States nearest to being "of Dona-^adee. and having been decapitated, is now admit that it was. I am not master of languageApostleforetelling all manner of woes to follow to the have not a fine educationuniform and the blue be conceived of as mounting—it may have been a fooU^ one perhaps. I did notsubjectgiven the lead. the election of ifr. Likcols, we; Iamnotcapableofenter- ing into a disquisition npon dialectics, as I believe;'" all Stateshallmovefirst It isobvious that ofthe;I subjectbut I have not done so, and I say so frankly ready fcr secession, the question will be, whichwithWise, dashingparty his certain.to you here, and to Judge Douglas. I must say, how- will not beThis leaves them to choose between the fol-opinion Congressthe Constitutional power to abolish the Slave-conservative prittciple,relation to the abolition Columbia.RepubUcanOf course, then, South Carolina will eagerly the country. What ragged regiments shall Union or they did not. If they knew tU«as I conceive akin to what I of separation. it,these,and all the most submis-grindstone'SLAVEST IN IBE TESBITOBIES.My a^iswer as |to whether I desb-e that Slavery take the lead. She mnst covet the postTheknowledge pc^wred oftheirpartyfends,aadadi*uniting to secede imme- It is certain that not one of these States bor- dering on the Northern section will now, or at any future time, be ready to unite in any first movementagain,for favoraggrieved,OTeiyoneit this Convention should invite cotSpeni-orfjr antani aad ew»or- fl»4B>|nBqrit«daflfthefrawaBUM. ^I^thswould only tend to obscure its meaning. It is course of the Supreme Court opinions, but I did not to be the man. But his disclaimer on this right-judging will regard these demonatrationastatewhatobjectionIhadtoIt ButJudgeDocolasimpossible to frame sentences which convey was when I did point is direct and complete. AU he aims atas evidencethatno aadexcuse any intelligent and fair-minded man, different States have the power to make a negro a is all the Bepublican Party propostes to do witness, with increasing complacency, theUnion ticket, because they believe Mr. Lincoln, if after reading them, for persisting in tUe citizen under the Constitution of the Uiuted States If about it.swelling of the mimic thunder, because satis- fied that no lightning attends it. The men fact that the services of troops are caHed for on Wednesday next, is, in short, proof enareiy convincing that they will not be wanted at all. Let the timid apply tliis anodyne to their quaking hearts.lapguage in referring to the same pointagoas in 1854, wequotethe following, givingsaidwrong.That And from a speech made at reoria as longtyas a sectionala contest between the North andSouth,"The Republican Party think Slavery wrong—we MB. LINCOLN'S VIEWS OH 8LATKBT A>'D SOCTH- the Mercury, and will be transfened to the:and become Abolitionists dp-topthearejustbelongsfor thatEBNSIGHTS.Before proceeding, let me say thinkSouthernStates." IsnotthatpreciselywhereTheit.stantly give It up. This I believe of the masses North and South. Doubtless there are individuals on bothagitation,the question of Slavery belonged exclusivelyNorth-masters.When Southern people tell us they are no more re-;muchstitutionwouldpermitus. WethinktheConstitution ciatethesaying. /surelywillnotblametkemfornot settlementoftheSlaveryquestionontheonly theorganisationoftiieirparty."IfMr.Lnoa,Li- emancipation gradual and compensating the unwilling beria—to their own native land. But a moment's re-and out of Hr.doingmention some arrestsWhere we we have the Constitu- supposeFrandnlentWe are likely to need larger jails. The vigi-drop politics, thereby aUowing Wood to resume control of a Demociatte Party united in and an ant-owners.tional right, we restrain ourselves In reference to the flection would convince me that, whatever of highRegistrationof 'Votes.We also oppose it as an evil sofar as We don't supposethis we violatetual presence of the institution, or anything due to the Constitutional guaranties thrown around it."Wide-Awakes is dragging to light hundreds of cases in whichnected witli this general subject, in regard to rate;attemptguine, relying in great part upon the didikewere all landed there ;perish and there ate not surplus ship-KepnUieanwere given me, I should not know what first Impulseleavingit to theoperationofin a would all day, theyRepublicanwhelming majority the againstticket.on the otherbe successful, the feuds in the Democratio Party win doubless be stiU kept up. TheMr.Lthcbissaidtohavefavored. 'Theevi- 27, 1868, for example, after replying directly will not. Whether this feeling accords with justice the legal penalty forfalsely registering a vote dence upon this point would appear clear, Mr.-to several questions which had been put to him by Judge Douglas, Mr. Lincoln w«Kt on toand sound judgment is not the sole question, if, in-A universal feeling, wheth- er well or Ill-founded, cannot be safely disregarded.Butthe sive, of Southern Slates or people, will be compelled a keener edge the daggerwhich is tothe breast of Mr. Li.vcoln, and give peaceIt says" But, on other grounds, not selfish, South Carolinaacquisitionprohibited in the movementtheon the record. I supposeanyNebraska one place and another setthe middle of the week.While the daring and energetic character ofhas me, and he has me the States, and fortime,they eitherJudgehe had flattered liimselffor anotherat one place what I utteredsupposebe based on it would seem sensl-place—or invuhierable to,enemies of every khid, that thetiiey pretendUntitled Documentthat Ithere Union which:of the back countryonlygeneralof secession, and to theacUon unassaUable by, being'0^1 deienner. ,trst movementwhether itis aone. Bntwedon'tthinktherewillbea rush of Southern States to accept this Cata Iiave learned some-Senator Biwaiid,speechThe truth immaturity of thesesee whatobjection anyrational man can makefU^ , at once aM|breportsalreadyHe has always l>een regardedquestion." It will cease to bedreads and deprecates, as the result of a Republican vic-on but in most cases those whoandknown as it should be thatmeddlingKorfli bnrinesacrimeto register falsely, bnt it is a heavier take care of themselves. This is the coarsenorantlyper-and affect to tielieve, that the triumph of the Re-have received thisof the higher crime of false voting an offencetheirclude them from the society of honest citizens.ofMercury marches and counter-marchesfor falseasalreadypenaltystated, is a year's imprisonment in the peni- tentiary, and those who have already commit- ted this crime, had better pause before they commit another which will make detection certain, and will double the measure of theirpunishment.A Mister or Troops Thcndir in the In-—fication that two large bodies of troops, con-of the force which contributes to the cause of the South, are topublic pa-have ceased to bp Republican the Union would betlieand we are pointed to the pre-seventhso, is at leastguiltydaybeand business win resiunei Ua metiritf: ^UtRepub- therefore, we may safely imagine the cans are to be made responsible for this re- entire military arm of secession to sult, for the same Democracy assure us that it is only the demoralizatign of their own which has made Mr. Lincoln's electioaGov.cockade,maycharger to head those columns of Minute-menlowing dilemmasat a Either the Democrats in council atbe thus earlywanted. On havestillaright Wednesday,theto be preconceived by reference to those great are themselves the maken 'of -tiie mischiefof North Carolina,popular uprisings in other times, when indig- they deplore.room formature. If the movement is to *""•doubt nAceatrolofUi« r«d< aresultoftheelection,areon grateful.and sbaB l>e is, however,tliat tlienot intended to act upontheclear generallyis a year's imprisonment in the Penitentiary. T. Dalt, late Warden of Bellevne Hospital,arrangements, making oath to the facts, and appealing to Ex- and the active vigilance of flie Wide-Awakes, Govemor Patrick Heitrt for snbstantiation ofwho have taken in hand the special duty of his charges.watching the polls, there is scarcely one Judge Bbennan, personally considered, bearspublicity before tiie world. Ifearnest menentoruponasolemnentei^rise—a tiigh character for honesty, industry andthe election of the«uididate would dissolTe tbsunfortunatelytheMeantime, we advise all Republicans to ad- here strictly to their own nominee, Mr. John H.provestrongerhonest candidate..wouldProtestants the mob wouldn't have burnt theirtheyonlyhave been'^it^A Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com •fe^ii^afc-iif-i.