'following statement of the preasut condfeion ofMatri»>«M« Aurroa Omr Owa Oomapeiidait.r* 'ff lal sffkindrBiis la'MsjriA»J^ •» * atilfikedolphe'Injurythan otherwise toIfaeeivUOoverament Navlntkmis onthe Oommon Coimdl of the sssessment for the same. The ordi-.Dt<Ai«'>Uttt tlH^r hot * h^adrtrongaischtel and Iheezteat of Ihe magnitudaofruinthatwoaldbapm- shouldbenecessarytomsetolshnsfiled (iwworkorU— mtiCspttal«1iaaCMl.Ictine,ttiou«^,dojn*tk«toIfes8teur* the Direc- dnced may be eeocetved. Farmers, unabia to realise or the work. andDlsconnts are iurther dctwi(bj0fs|aa|ilttpHe U B>W>ll«aed in the hoase of his Intimate friends,rendering money easily tainable, they wovdd cause a ofWitll the stinging arrowa»lrlt speoulstlooto amount of DSKtyear's produce,andpraioag lbs eriaistwoyeaia. Her- loss or damage arMBg oirt or thenatiiTa of the work, >for tlw JVaiumale, his own organ Ogimionor say wifore- fromaid inwill abandon Borne.Now aH this, if it be pure invention, looks likepaving the way for a forced retirement of the Pope,while if it be true, he will certainly be obliged toIncrease, 1800 pected fur that scrvi. e. She, *f well as the flag-ship not Orange, are sending home a memorial lathe "The above points were embodied In an affidavit and most valued citizen of the section of tto country has studied the-tH^IStnand of the historyNfdningwUliinora snxietr br themarket placingImpedimentsInthe*oathofcom- nextApill,somaconceptionofthelliPV^fdfoi Mi,«aBittowofth«i»iootVsreM.;openingofnavlgattoatkeUyed tte time agraed upon, and the dofai^-and genaetoM that before sung hiators of the Bank, and state the reason fortheir produos to anv materlaU dbne or Atrnlafaed for uponextant worth aamUg, Tne amount retained. i|«der ibis last cOniss was of dollars, and thu on a naiKat'MMmbof satire.coBimand, aad his head-quarters are at the iip&t ot.theBallroadCompany,withaphsketattheeaVance arlse/WhlcnwouldInducemanyotherwisecareful thstwooldbepiodnoadforatteat.at Fans,of the walls to the city. Capt. Mtuss landed about SO men, making up his full number on shore to 100merehants toserious nature than tbB temporarv ttehtoess" of the mcney market would eventually ensue.cbants, not being paid IhemsalTes, wduU be nnsblsto to be dona under tUsmeet Ihelr engagemants. Crash allar eniah vnmid baheard among commercial houses, while the Mmriaa sterrmeodisitnrtuhetioiMar i^cuolftut*he ssme.aosrybom the ac-Butbeyondsnts were also aalhoxlsed, to retain such aaunmt asai since the preeent return vsaa aTaisM itadf vp against his mad scheme of attempt- men. He the on the Graad occupies Cahlldo,tion for tifemand andtheWarsehooner.S£p«a«ni«shwar-steamenrteIrfedrtutnhe,U crleadsuscese,dwthooaarealwayathefirsttosufler,woaldbe tionoftheelements,totosustainedbyttoeoatrastor le/haUngat6|V^cent,thouihOamle'is'gM'In* fbal last erenin?, M. Gir«»-I3-poand gtm.Francina, ccaditlaa which It Is frlgfatlul to ooalem-harbor, hating aST AMcans on said to have Plats. board,been taken from the American steamer f>il$ of N»r- Though ws have mentioned from seven toetally 7Vcent, on tto very best p«p«r »m. WMntheFrenchoutofRome. Inthelead- wherehehasawuntedaPlaar,On the 3d Inst the prosecutionDo'JMtt» enyanMnism between moDteaa Cabinet, eipreaseswill be Impressed lata»-liagiiSflahi agalBSt hiM, badeeehw Umaair cooplloea la thp attack ,o|jtia 37th tipoa the dly. Thewas put Inthe work .waslicence was ohjeeted to by tto d«Midaiits,wtoWBiyt that a retohiaonts Immlneiit In Prance ba- ieicharged; Countess at theplant, want The harvestr«urt woera it was now'Es<).,r>n tHhalf ofargued by Henry Sacla,no one for appearingingmorning,good deif^nd iiipa akfi«n \ ftoie fivs Itecaoa* tM^ desire It, aad thtf tttt Kmptre Is going tosmce then, there 1* still aof the Weetern Stales has thisUmaelf thua :Lowever, are still hid la Iha wsods,abald ftst 'theyfromktHsndwho lives In flieeonntrythat aa armedprabaMyhalf mllllaas of dollars more to purchase the necessa-Inof a This liabd.^have voluntarily dedvered themselves up to the aivonmNala plaoea wbenerer Omf take the trouble to thoritles, aad are In prison. They will prooably beQulnta de los his Mollnos,charming Excellency's countrygnatdefondanta, Order of refereiu;eblow^oBlt.time,grand serenade the pre- ceding evening, and performed In thesAemoon ofthe day, there bemg very of our "fashionables"threatens, after than ever.greatercentCentral advancedToledo.46^®^. Therewasarecoveryaf Illinois Central, and more steadiness M^many presentswholoiteredabouttoegroiuds.maybe devised for avert-If Oasibauii permits to be caqimtKorbanished. The Intendente has,the Band of the Militia a gave; navigation,from time to since Ike SMh, sent small squads of soldiers Into the wWbebis outskirtsofthetown,toaaoertsinIfthereIsanybody of men In the vicinity, and one day sent a few boat' loads of troops to reconnoitre In the vicinity of the no force has four miles from the city. It la and Oaaailxt: We know thaoriserahle trlflps th it ua- llkelT, however, that the negroes dlsbanied and scat- derlie the surf <ce oreTentheliIgnest4Iplomac7,and we tered^ themselves through the neighboring villages,the close ofto beeodOwtMitbfe unheard of foUrWsttacalag uur tol-,closing 93^ bid, tosellingatthatfigure. cent.dletfM-SdlBBe.ttwlll «ot be the Empire that wiUWe trust that soma means iagtt>ethreatenedcalamity. Andbeforewe;proceeda ste,p further, w..e- t_h,ink ItWe are not dMUt to, ..reader. suggestUbel Salt af[alut the Times. jcMnnnro>DBnin>A>i.t^nfUmm,batthellbcrtrofItalr; It liliMlm'sfcer"* "f iacenefatk>atbatwtUj>ei1ah,onl]r to Iwirfrivad again in an unkmywn aad problemaUsal'^^funttlB. 176 ,nochimeras,nolllaslunsIt is not now a question of personalrains had set in; however, there n&s not beenTheyquarrels or reciprocal griab batwieea M. Da Girona been over three, orthe Provisional advance to thewill be fatalfollies, !yetrain since, and It Israther tame, wliUe Hudson, Harlem and'.mouth of the Bio Grande but as ;any warm for the season ofCompaay—suckof for a moment The Prov- was tried tofore Justice IIoFraAS, of the Superior; tha Con$titui%oiutel has gone so faras to iBim this invasion ** bmtal ;"! but this is the balls in his body did not kill him. ' Give me anottierresponsible l£th Septtmber last, pursuant to the notice of the Vtlca. In this State, and now of San Frandaco. Be- th< President, Mr. McCtTLLOCH, beingdkllypresidencyallowed upon each box of sugar. Some few of our large exportersthe defendant several times with the bill, but the payment was positively refused,It hiproposed, that then the armies of Piedmonthad slumtored over thefrom 1837 to the time (or trying tto case had neatlyexpired within the statute of limitations.Judge Gocis took tto papers fur examination, andwill render his decisiiHi in the course of a few days.FnaishlBg a Dan. HIATT TKH9ICT rOE AM AS8AITL*.Jeremiah vs. Oaktmitk.— Cmighiin Appleton15.000for FWmoofand QaanminwillBorne, aad there demand of France the privilege ofthat the prosecutioncharge'00 do 60M. 3. AN.c47Xll\89Swa CapiUl Stockunder hisat SI. Cloud, anddo. 73X do. 73?ifor some item in the Montttur tojohitogetherK..enteifaig.ot to interfere with his sacredclaim VjOToa EXAHDBL and Italiansolemn guaranteefor the protectionof Lis Holi-nessastheheadoftheChurch.do do do4854 4S\ 48and marchtoPopetoar upon this poliitSome three or four years ago, tto ocean steamshipI. 100 C. B. A Qnln.MortgageBome not to attack the peaceably,Canodioa was wrecked one fine night by tto pilot'*rights, unity,pro- with aThe Bank—Mare SlaTsra—MlseeUaaeaas. CorreipoitdmceoftheJfetB-YorkTime:Havaha,Monday,Oct.8,1800.aince then *he has been lying there with tor nose out of water. In spite of tto tide, the current, the ice, anl the endeavors of some Americana who bjught tto wreck and have been in vaUi endeavoring to raise her..126.but to..»T)t 100 97i( 300and tlra'Confress," will be realized, and the wishesof Itah^'w^l bf gratified, since Bome will become weight of the sugar boxes used at this timesong, snd, as I strolled out this afternoon, I saw themiddle part of her, containing the engines and tollers street, and formerly ptblished PiKnam's JfonrA/y and ISPesn. CoalCo 82)t 200 dopart,ri}f,UM new hlngdom of Italy, and at the89Hsugar at forty- and put tlie toat together agahi if to has a small engraver, and that shortly after the offence complain- 26 do b3fl 90 660 do s30 78S( 1(!«2, at 40 ? cent.,asame tin* wiU miain the seat of tha Holy See. Alter tUs aa ez-officlo congresa «f the Osthoiiefound to be muchwhen the tare of each box of was fixed...bl5 90 b5 90 90 sl6 90.8l0 39)t 60 Chi. * Rock 1. K. 743»S 26 .li«0 39?i 300poweia,wSl regulateother questioBS relating to his new position. 'boxes—the principal exporters ofMr.puMlcationof Washington. Ttie work was done, and the blUItems Issue.the income and all Pope'sSince the Emperor's return to Paris the Cabinetand the London Board dishonored tto Idlls.In the to stoat aggregateto pay in full from tto earningsmeetthe public are looking every morning anxiouslyCompany urgentlydeate'eAr»lfulfiniho mission »ou the remotest eoniers »orlr.:al3w-"«**^* 9^'f LoansPua. Fridkr, Sapt », i860. ^W^^ MP OjJMALDi was51. ifrft, and CapL Miuaa, of Her Brttahaic Xsjesty's ibip CUo, would eath land a force during the day, In He that wu a hero accordance with this request Com-Accordinglymander.Poscaa reinlbioed his wha hadbeea Utaea,Ihe Frevmce, and the amount of expeadttun sreatsrpay for the same "'"^^•a'^.^jrtl^fSifHaaCirculallOBDepoatls. ExehsagedIn my last,the point of closing, and there Is to be wattingbrndt," snd vpan tke eon/lniutiok bythe mandersaulhariliascalleduponOfthan twalva saUliaas o(-—the issue of such bonds is rsiiBrted to Thecontractfurtherprovidedthatthe(tofendsalsthator"^*ank,'ln«eadofaftfSag theooimtry. ¥^^m _FreB Oar Own Oorrespeadeat.for which it was created, or. la >jl.be1fe^ln of the 'couatry^ *ew-york. The ooolraot provided OM Oit»m.rm njmjtU ia».73i,i«,2l,aMT%iaj»,i« ^.i«.>"Pasaiu, Friday, Oct. 8, IStO. dated the JWh nit., I Informed youpublic utility, but rather aathe agriculturist and the commereial man, becausethan that ofOiosshere hadof the American and Brtttsh ships of war labegins (o eahiUt syiaptosi*market by^flir>J*.*W,Mfportmander FoatsB, of the Vnlted StatesnearlyTsM smoimtthesumof tract price for each day thatMoutof tiMooor^ Uup. TheIiosason shore two days previously, by an addition of S3 (he borrowed veraea of Homib, now men. making In all 88 men. Lieut. FAiarix has thethe course of conCuct they assign they considered It pruiont to•311 so. The the Ume for *« plaMffinoeedad P";-ft rmance of iLe work, 1^ days, for wUoh.lbe ^fsad- antsclalmed^tthM waraealitMtodadnettllW.) ,4mek than for Oaitajounitlspursue. They fear that their line of to set iabor Inwas easierpreviousfortnight ThpmBjkfitU.yen,nihrJt^,,day,and6trcentbeginsto.hdit»tttiMJM#the naval force* werechants opened tbalr shops.forfauslsess, and the vromeaaforesaid."Tto aethm waaAs soon asdoubt as to the seriousneaaof the and dilldren, greatnumbera of whom' had fled fromiSKailiela of the Ojnnion ocMlfta able editor, alter showinglanded the mer-In tto Commoa^ namsa. 11»cent, with a £air disppsitioa to boy ' 'that there waaGawbaldt and the Pied- the towii, began to retmv. t.arge numbers of men,/(MA;, wldch bad Csr- eight got aground on ths- reef near nUlllon* oc doUam aa the actual amotmt of the Com-brought Pleas,' aad was referred indsys to run, and TJ » tent iiir fidrships of war are kept constantly at anchor In the port. We have no other local news. Lic-ut. Jei'fbbs, ofremem-OBITUART.:aloop-ofiwarnroduoer and the exporter ofthe work should to ds-<kathe aiay; mpromisaitlo InvlUog 'Oenaral. The10ei<£l09at the hiside figure; ^hfl* nMat of ttw gtjfcdardwith leacljig the attack made by the negroes,cyof stock. InspiteoftheIncreaseof rollingandaToledo and Pacific MaU. The Isst.the year.I'he public health remains as last advised.;Very Uttle doing in the Clayed Sugar market, owing onr moner In Ihe faMlltle* created, vre must pauseorthat if he refuses to aid in protecting the Boman the Cldriqui Expedluon, to survey the harbor of Belleville, Is s^imewhat subsiding, but not without re- nut have been ordered against the defendant.''^TS.mMirrimac and the Wyoming, were at Callao at lastofcourse. That won't do much gxmd at home. But the dictment for the same offence, tookin which he had long resided, and was justiv cele-closely Cleveland anddates.placehismanyexalted virtues as aman,highThe Deatk af Bx-Presideat Mara, sf Costa Rlea.Lodges shows that there exists an impression in the ment for tto quashing the ori^ai indictment, at tha tained through lie*. He was a son of tto well-known the concern. It will to bome in isind that ths present term of this Court, and that in consequence, and eminent physician, tto late Dr. furdon Ttomson, were into serioUa financial em-bytion.But there is a third suggestion for the settlementfire w lih his steel and flint to relight his cigaiito at thenot Ike principle of the temporal power, but the ers t" When the Queen; in the person of the Prince,that no drawingthe Grand Jurors took place on tto Haven, Coon., <md of Samuel Thomson, tormerlr of'have taken is, in some respects, a conse:iuence of that, it indicates that the people support the Orangs- rocn pretty generally. Underlying the wtiole of tidsthe statuie, bevond the giving of the notice, were com-piled with in the drawing of tto Grand Jury; thatthe drawing did not take place undl tlie 17th Septem.to mourn his sad demise, and none morettian In ttowluch ought to find its"Is, however, tto more important one, in how dictmentFirst Mortgage Bonds on Main Line, dm March' 1'person of the head of the Church, and aince neither at the foot of the monttment erected to his honor forPiadiAaiit 4st Gabibaloi wish to interfere with hisof her Admlidstration tore, or was ato right In toing guided by that of one of tor British Cabhiett ThisBrantford, London, there will doubtlesstouch tl Is particular case. do 2,0C0iM do. M do. SO»j 60 do.asH .'.KM »9fWita t'Hithe pi|n|lj(^afred righu of the Holy See, it may beTto Hon.that no fraud had been intended by Mr. Devlinthere was no attempt to Imitate the writing of Mr. 3 91)1 Readingthat a^ea tha of BottB, and^whole of the Boman States outsidewhole of areKaples conqueredIn his axpectatlons of rUlngs in other parts of the Bepublic. So far as I can learn, aot a move- ment was made In his favor except at Punta Arenas."FROtt HATANA.Change in Ihe Made •fFarehaaiac Ba«ar— running tot upon a rock in tto St Lawrence. EverFltzpatrickthat Mr. willingly appeared attM it 32.000fused to be blindfolded, but stood calmly facing hiswide field of his Nevs.longand successfulpiacilce.—Doi^and othera) in interest :CLITELAMD aRD PITTSBrEGH—0CTOS«B, 1880.His body, as well as that of Curxs, was throwrrlnto a hole in the sand, both with the clothesexecutioners.behig greater than it<ivas some years ago,safe in the anchorageseven poimds, two pounds additionalthe nails, raw-hide, A., Ac, used In securing thaed of, the defendant gave him the job of making the picture of Gen. Lee, which was intended for use in connection with the of some other sketchesat thisand at Matanzas, have entered into an agreement by which it has been agreed to greatly augment the tarebeingadded forfortune in thetheme of a good deal of talk. Some time ago,sugarporton for Englanddoclaim and the t>ack duo mort-F.W. R,brated asa medicalpractitionerthe defendant, wldch heplacs hsM. Since France only protects at Bome, on In which they were murdered. Casas was striking fsr are Her Majesty's Canadian Ministers Her advis- and unequivocally denies, it appears as far back asMONETARY AFFAIRS.ofthis^oman question,questionagainstNov. II, US7.Mr. Waterbury opposed the motion ontheirraundmoment he felt the lead at his heart. He was shot came to Canada, ought she to have sought tha adviceBales at the Stack BzehaBC»—Oot. 19. that the statute referred to by Mr. Granam did not $8,000 Tenn. St. 6s. 'SO. »oH 100 raciUu silSt. CoCoupons, bearing 7 V centScconu in do. and First on River Line Third in do. and Ser^ond on River Line Unsecured Bonos, (Ri»cr Line.) bearing 7 ft$340,000 ll$,IWD$800,OSJ I.IM.OUO 1,166,0JJl,'iS6,0O0 408,000 llS,aM-la the Plaza at It appears that Moba had been cruelly deceived (or9l'i The fuittiet general defence of Mr. Graham was 6,l«0 Virg'a St. Os.'sSO 90services to Costa Funta Arenas.attached.manyBlca,cent, Includmg unpaid CouponsDividend 7 fl centIncome' 7 ft centVunsecured Debt, old bills payable underbetrayed);the first summons and gave $2,000 Moreover,Missouri St. ts.. ISH 1000 dos£0 '9!^ 200 doC. W. L.103 1st Mt Bds.l041.000 Harlem K. 1st H. »a\ MSb6048S60 47K Judgments against the Company.iint0, 9,j ^- , —^^mm }lBtdfer <MI«a^ outiiMiuilillofIheconductaraemimoriMVmlicdayofleipalsum^Donaboe upon a dahtiIhsprla- statement of Saturday, tto foUowing 1, ft- k.„_ ofone comparisoowhhttopreviousexhibitai^TZBsak,!b atJ^Bgth.. ea^rprMMonsowith the masemeat this .0atlt.lSH. Oat.1ber,stituted, nitliout whose votes the Indictment wouldOurcolumnannounces th* deathoompeUed.WSspreSce tf pub- opliiiBn.K<changetheloaBo^artpesi^^tiaie last 4«8.O4S,O0e •0«,l3iiM** *•" "» other words. It declare* the Baak to be of no real S*i^BBi*'TM'/^ '•^'itiim^««»« debt of snts, upon the completion of the work, iMgnt eieet to gpeeiel9,fiSI,M3 8.4SS,£UJi^li^E ""^ marketcarriedcrap, ever reaped U nance-assistexpected, ghow* «the com-foraidtorestoreordertathis'clty,aadt£atCom- variablydedreuesItsIh»^?j5Sj,SSta,rendSSithediscounts, and thus: wooU he to oorlalt tKedicas, to her having previouscapture laddedaome pkny'sindsbledosss, that flgure does not cover ttsI83». On the trial tofore tto Bafarse sddaaesorsecondgradebnsfaieas ia"wheat everyothercroptsjustifying alona there cannot be less in the contract2L i"*"fa?c^il:i;tiesgreater obtaialnc moner. almost hi-'uf'-tI- hf iisniislliai aad equallyabundant Ifthis produce ware aiTsstad on its way tsTheBankreturn,steady Bpecie line, wMineit yetum by the heavy aUiJMIWi Ai^OtllliMalatransactions betwera thathe cWef staple product ofthlB Island more dlfflcult,and thus merce.-ofIf it bad to await thamight deduct aad retain•HMy. V*^t^'three or four Bundred Africans. I hear this morning wliols naeessitles. It would take two aad aby ev delayedplalnUff oonseqdeatoslaver, wtth fouitcen hundred emseted to arrive on Africans,!*ry CPlllnst stock, addtttoaal sldlags,and other thing*,arrested as ao-^SxfudiF. OuraoliUen,w»anoonTlaeei4,Mil Jntsidente Issuea,proelalaatloa Asia,KingofSpklh,'aadofhis the has tha a MiOoo,byonierorttoCoaM,{etto|><Stpiaeoftto•tW&AMOAW Imagines that the Fraaeh garrison atpleaded tto oontnet as above sMsd. Tto defettdanls»ba wli) ha«» plaead tbam^- ^^a&SuDecesrity ofshedding IteltaDMiiadi bat'Saeellency Captaln- prevented road Atm being plaoed In posMaa plalndf, which wssadtaMted toto due: ThSertdshee tiva stt^bbornness Uur Ai/rt-dsiw^tHlinf at.lkp. • previous evenlhg, a platform Mvfaig ~tO earnaaythlng Uke what It IsoapsUaof earaiag.'^S;^madniei»tbcT wiunerer permit their flag lo be insulted. Jj^t ahouH DOt be Unpreaaed, but I cannot hear that he was given by the Military Band.OiiisiiMl)nna Us guard agAist tke poilllaailana-tlesjhemua, tha refugeea and tM icttinaot' ourhas yet taken this very neoessary step.Two men, B. Coasseso aiul Pavassoio Blasco,Detroit, for weeks. In vast quamlties, in spite of all that eoaU aad be dune to clear It off. The In a detelen-the rsogequotatioB.fitrflfSora^r*''^ Imagine with a persistent and naira;dlfflculty laythaie Aieb ta rMura, tw'lsr' aa. assaranoa thatthey been erected In the Plaxa de .\rmas,aaTaad*areaad* Even lint Wlaier, slier if total faUan of the harvest WaacxolncMI.-theBeftfee HbhttMrthat ttmnaC tow CoftiJn porti. -oi ^aris t6.1dimw5«s \Mt'vilthout which Ihe road eaaoot be worked to Its fuUthe adnfs day of Faiaoisoo sa .capacity. Tha taUure to obtain the neoessary oapttal overbanken hold for 109, on ac«aaat«f theeoapaia-ackjw«falBg.beUerthantobe kept tgnirantof them; after they became convinced that they would be re- to the sniall qiuntldes offered. Holders would seem before we think of increaslBg the smount In fhet,but ^Jiktlsjiow hi plaj in the cleplofuble and trnfor- to be keeping their produce back In amldpation of sny further addidon to the debt, for this purpose. Istungfely'ofllclal language which comes to us from the sisted In a second attack by foreign troops. obtaining higher rates. out of the question. At the same time, the question charge. Thst Ihe (acts stated in the answer might be descriptions steady. In Railway Boiids, the boiArref the Toltumo, Is the alliance with Fraace, The Intendente has caused a great number of sus- MoLASsii^No sales here. A cargo good clayed of what Is best to tie done will not allow Itself to be given in evidence in mitigation, bui did not amount to bidding was fiim for Erie mortgages, of all classes,wltkattt whlrh Italy wonH soon be crushed br abso- to be arretted. was taken at Cardenas at i\ reals per keg, and an- ignored. It must be dealt withand whoever shallIntl* Baiape. It is the destin]r of a cuautry which Is pected persons, principally negroes, other mixed with Centrifugal at IH reals. All the find a solution of the difficulty, wlthoat Inereaiilng the justification.dear tp^us, and which, on the eveoftriunipn, wlU per- Probably of the seveiity or eighty he has thrown Clayed MoIaSses, good for the season, at Cardenas, itidebtedness of the Province, will earn a fair title to 'Conslrnc-to to irregnlsrly so thai distrBmted,y-h oii^ own fault, by an uopanionable, and, per- into prison, not half a dosen were in any way con- hasbeen taken at IK reals per keg, with the imdar- hapk^MtnYable fault. Let GiiBiaiLDi reflect seri- cerned In the outbreak. But as the men arrested are standbig that If rates advanced, the current price is loously OH tte step he threatens to take. He will not mostly stout young fellows, they will hkely be sent be paid at the time of delivery.the lasting gratitude of the country. LAW REPORTS.Code which permits defendant in lltol to set up bothjustUcallon and mltlgallng circumstances, allows him sfpeareddoubt our admliatlon for his penon, oor our devotionbut he should know that he is runulogFreights extremely dullany quotations would beto the latter sfone. He claimed also thit the the actual buoyancy of business waseonfinefltofleiaais o( devotion and heroism. This is the unani- JnioaS dry oT his real friends. It is for him to guard against bis hatreds and his flatterers I"Then speaks one of the ablest and most zealousshould be couched,matter was compromised onwitMo the section bf the code, as inter- case is lOiththe case of Buck vm. Grosser, (1 Kent, 3V.) There are allegations which fairly construed smount to a/)itBtlllcatlon of tto lltol, and there are cir-nal 'Wbffe'h the Ofiposesin France, andwAich has defended Gabualdi and the cause of Italian anity, from the start, with a warmth andthe aasie politics. But the Democratic; ;Oyeraad Teraslaer.struction of the and this II warranted by the motOLtheii Cashier, Mr. J. M. Momaoa, to the pleading,we ahooidthat GAa]BAiJ>i'B declaratipn aboutseat,Devlin,—Innlswiltelader. I hope then to show that there is no truth m Ine arrange- rumors wLlch are dreulated regtudlng the existencec«ihe forndsciocer, up argumentMr. John came oa for trial before Justice Bositn. Both parties FromFreight lOJllsaytft BoBie and Tenina is,Meanwhile I shall orgaolte a sjfBclent force to scour the couiitry all round Panama, and to leave at:t ^SSilS little IfiaOil—the editor of a jour-have been written In English, so you must not charge the rather dubious grammar and construction of it toa bad translation,M\ Racklslaad 'niC ass uueto Jsjf S3X Toledo 4*ls 47^ Borllngtas *•>« St illllnois S( ilTi ICIchigan Ctotnl tUt125 Michigan Goaranteed. *1% (SHIMiehiganSoUttorB.... *IXbarefriends of Oabibaldi at Parislar to that whicn occurred on the momhig of the 27th a derotioil far in adTtince of its cotemporaries of instant, must be obvious to you. The merchants'the least sign of alarm In the town aud I am Inibnned that the railway doe* not stand alone in these warnings to Gabi- businees and the mall steamers' service cannot be car-laciBc Dendii/g HadFOnpresentregimtIsTssssoiAGsnaAi.,Panama,Sept.39,IBM.The whole French and with it the Press,Demurrer to the answer overmled with costs.'Presidenry of the Bank, made vacant "by th«de. c^ise ofMr. HALhTBD. Xi. M. is aa oU- aadYou these and 1 have, therefore, eome to the detennbia>- In la^dng 0«cr the news which will arrire out tlon to avail myself, to that end, of the kind and by thejtrsswit a^eaaier, .you will, perhaps, be at a Mcndly ofler of^ service* which you. Sir, and Capt. MIUBB, of H. M. ship CHo, bare made to me, and torOB ALLIOCD rOMtalT—ABaVHBn or HIS cocHsai. ros thi <inA8Buia or (hi mDicniBMT.BAi4(l.&iglish and Belgian Press, join the chorus.ried on, in consequence of this state of will easiiy understand my anxiety tothings. remedyCanada.Oorrespimdtmc* oftht HctB-Ytrk TvmaDITLUItiiaiixhaMbia |l« pMsenfcstate of Italian affiiirs. If about ItrO men, lo be stattoaed In the town. TUsJudge Cooij), of Tn>y. took his seat oa the Beach, Term of tto Supreate Courtsaade Cashier.iswe are petnlftei^ harwaaer, to make a prediction,measure will, I feel convinced, reassure the most HzAS, the Gurereor-Generel of British North America,laaaASAa loo beingIndisposedtothetemMoBlciiwr a propagande, and that he does not the same tUne thefoiagforpresent,in-avoiMS ^iiille,wnich 1taking the necessary steps to obtain this result aa soon as practicable, so that your men may be kept the least possible time out of tLelr ships.I have the honor tc be, Sir, your obedient servant, J. M. HERT&DO.at the satne tiine.Borne will be In-of a,result will be accomplished either by the flight of the Pag^siid -the. withdrawal of the French trtMps,simplyseparation,the qiedium of a Congress.Bailroed, :orMgnfriOccaneBcas. however, within the last fewthniachday^<|KifattoflightPopeprobablemay depend However thatgarrasate'e Caart.rvmemgm. .$41 nos 40 Ueo .H1,C37 73of thetheissuaofHfS conflict, and yet everybody naturallyIn so the Issue England,that DOtwUhstanding the advice ot France and ail the Catholic Pow era, the Pope insists upon leavinggently, sayingl'.ourt.5. That the six days" notice of the drawing of thevs. 7^Hotioadenied,with$7,063as aon the re-judg- ment and mod^atlon, we may now reasonably look his Holiness insists upon no such thing. More- for a season of tranquillity, especially if one or twoover, .Wk Are told to-day that the Pope has sent an ultimaiam to the Emperor of Frante to the effectr*r People ex rel. Pettigrevi vs. Gutttvut W. Smith. —Application denied.^ instant. Aimexed isBom^whw>we have tolerable good evidence thatto Santa Harta, or Cartbagena, to fight against thertvolutionlsti there.; nominal, thereforepleadstaiements three or four stocks, New-Toik Centre! had Pwiflt: tion of the arricle complained of.8ia:with the Intendente, but some sligtit misua- market.10,43.costa, reserving to pWntlffthe right to wltndraw his1,200 stmres Beading were taken, buyer's opCSoa, at— f.— and Ter- ilftr ofecror than he has been able to do her gooJ the terms In which the Invitation to occupy the town Orleans short, 5 to S)i per cent premium. Honey IMM, UIO, ISIS. 1518, Itlt, ISU, 1S24, UM, lUS, 1»4,theSunday by a note aa follows. The note appears tobeingISSfi, 1*40, IS42.this are kept from fear of another outbreak, simi- cityWUIIaaM af Kara adaslalstratar af tke term.Cosmos Plsas.—Trial Term has adjooraed forfence to any claim, and If Insufficient fbr that pur-MiswnrisThe Manhattanstores arc closed Opinion produces a panicpose, as a partial defence, by operathig to reduceIn my this I* the con- plaintiff's recovery. opinionCompanyrightly' pr*-evils ;themmton, where he will take the Cunard steamer for Sir Faawicx Wiu.iams, of Kara, the com- sttfUngiHthrr place with his present town to carry on garrison duttes and to maintain or- mande^ofthe forces here, will have been sworn inappear. subsequentlyof the Toledo and Wabaaktimid, and the town will at once regain Iti former will have left Canada for Portland, sx tranquillity.for Bos-LiosABD also took hisbutBad af tke Stacker iHraree Case. Susan A. Stacker vs. WMiatn D. Storker. This ease was menttoned In the Tiaas of Satorday.The eamingBBallroad, the firrt week of October, *^erenecessarynumber of men in the England.{ocm.The case of CharlesEx-Streel Com- The suit Is for a separation, or limited divorce. It From Passengers tS^N W 4ff- U,ll»tiltherates of discount¥KOM CANADA.Cocs»—SrsoiAi. Tssat.—No*.lis, 114, 88, lOS, 117. *», «•, 118, 7, 74, M, 120, 121, 122, 123, 124, 120.do not ExoHANSiB.—Last quotations merely su^alned, andfor his causeupeomJaByss. that he is djawiog his country afterhim, aad that ]( he should be unlortuiure eoooghto Capt. PoBTia landed his men upon a verbal imder- it Is doubtful to say what will t>e the course of the Uhitbd Statis Dibtbict Codbt.—Hos. 45, Judgment has l>eea. rendered for tto defendants with taking tto lead, and Oalena following. About put 1^6 execution the policy of ingratitude and ofroU^oHaia persons counsel bliD, he will lead Italy standingto lils4hpattnctlon, aixl do her more harm In oixe sln- derstandlng havhig taken place between them as to Tork M>-('ay Bills, 2\ to 4K per cent. preml.m>. New- Bdner. Part 11.— ITO, 730, 131g, I4«2, Mg, S7*. IMi,:perfecuygive any.of th« an-<vrer were an absolute justifica-New-1 quote Sterling 14 Si to 15 per cent, premium SsFSSHS CoiTBi Cis«rn.^P«r« OyerM HorraAS.J.—I think tto answer in the present 10 46^4^ cent After the Second Board tha fol-;mat ket " tight ;" 7 to 12 per cenL per annumThe following is tto opinion of Judge HorriiAS i»Si»i y cent, 1,600 Toledo, cash,rulingSiTPaxMB8», lU, 111,ilciazc, Wednesday, October 10, ISM. the time ttiis letter reaches yon—thst is toTesterday, at the commencement of ths day's UBtil this (Tueaday) morning, on account of tto indis- along acquaintance with lu deatereas administrator. Whether His Bxi^Uency wlU re-meor^Ml M^madS'flk'Bbme by which a conflict be- cf large bodies of armed men collected together in the turn or not Is very doubtfuL The newspaper* in the Mr. Devlin, In the June term of-lM Grand Jury trial. The defendant, however, waived his defence,Total »u,a73afontmfwd'tn fisMictfintiier that someGrahamappearingforDevUn.H^-^atatSS'lkatwere in court, with witnesses In attendance, ready forimbro^Uo, owing to which, the Prince ot Wales could not land atn 47,4ao Jlney-General,shortly goingdo 7,000 Brokl'nOrangeyou Kingstonto-daygtatea &inB foreign invasion, if he refuses even to Golfe Dolce, is siill here, awaiting a vessel to take sultf. In the first place, the Orange bodies of the 8. That the indorsements upon the warrant vrere at Belchertown, Mass., on the 4th hist., of Dr. Horatio:The Oanalbas Salt.Bank, and now take ha vyUIByloss( ysjrjuofrti^air arahens, t« see anything else request you to land jointly bom your ship* a body of say on Friday the 12th—his KxeeUeacy SlrBaamn proceeding* In the Court of Oyer and Terminer, position of Jiistlee IssaiBaii. The case Is afg Speclhl holdera. The Assistant-Cashier, Hr.tweMQAAtVALN sbH fhe Trench forces will be neighborhood of the town, and which are the cause of Interestof the Government say he will, that owned of the Court, had been indleteu for a forgarr al- in consequence of tto plaintiff^ consenting to accept and Columbus and Zenia Bafliosd were as ftAomi :the great alarm » hlch prevails. When this shall be-leged tobave been committed oi Nov. 11, IW7, saidan some time made on his tohalfof ISM Uto elligct In a few by the Hon Ososos Bsows, leader of the Opposition,cluded li the plan of Italian anity. And this last days. It shall be my duty to thank you for tke ssals- affirms be will not, and as Mr. Bs«ws had a long con- warrant for t/.7tff on tto Shoe n^ Leittor Bfnk,on mnny, dower, Aa, Ac, past, present and future.•lM,m lUfittMthetanca you may have given me In reestablishlag order versation with the Duke of Newcastle (Colonial account of tto construction of he wen during Unt and decree werecome accomplished,sdlegcd forgery beingand tranquilhty in the town, and you may rely oq my Secretary) at Ottawa, It is just as likely that he year. The alleged forgeryThe new Governor of the State, Seiior Sastiaso GcAXDiA, was installetl on Monday last with the usual ceremonies, Gov. Ubaij>u'b term of two years having expired on that day. Tae appointments of the Gov-:M 40,313 10hopelraudul^ntJn((orsementasks Why he should fly when piotected by thePrench flag? The manner in which the FrenchMMiiit^iifl journals insist tipon the point that theFraoeh tsoops are only at Rome to protect the per- judicious ones, aiul evidence a conciliatory disposi-son crftt^Fope and not the principle ot the tem- tion. Senor JiL CoLusja, formerly nember of Con-poralf(iwfr< and that when the Pope leaves they gress and a political opponent, has been appointedalso sstlt leave, carries a meaning difficult to mis- Secretary of State, and Sehor Joss Mascxi. Diss, atake; "We are told, too, by the French journals, young man of fine intelligence, educated in the with him, all consider him absolutely oSensive. York had not made due procianuulon of the sitting ofernor,so far astheyhave been made, to be appearhimself exceedingly unpopular here. Ife acted so found.i. That, as it was appointed. It was intended to be aUnited States, is made Prefect of Panama. If the In- tendente shall use the great power with which he isThe conservative press putBulie el at—Costs of defendant to to rea Ijusted.43 BaO-clothed by the laws of the Confederation, withDayton rosd Company has declared a dividend of 3^Vt,,-^with ths aoastrue-^^ Il7.28i,007 122,M7.US tS'isSrMjiilii 4<P"lac the Bank, and lo adau tbMf-tTdoSmot sSMtunti pst a OnadeW^iiMllon a^at4narttr tlon of a sewer tauponwould not be able to pay their debts, and the oaplialby Uci«aatmnogreovertrade, ud that Injury of a far morelli^''< Stock Brokers as the rale rather fiian the txetf-taklrg already720, MS, 633, 763, 730,732,738,752,I thinkis immaterial that the matters stated in mltlgatloa are(butThe state of alarm in which the Inhabitants of •ri^lraeral. far Easland. Sir r. W. 762, 040, 704, 072, i30. Pmrt if.—Adjourned for the the tame as those presented In justification. In other Harleai:Depaitare af Sir Edaaad Head> tke OaTera-iOS,798,700,786,084, 6»4, 708, 770.278,ages.GaToraaieat- Tha "Gaaadiaa" alaaaier ths term.raUed nmi bra««ht lata part. The OrmadTraak Kailway aad tha Baak af Cpper TBS CASK or tBM PIOFLI AOAIirST CHABLI8 code.obituarywhat has been lost, his Holiness him down the coast. The Narriigansttt is daily ex- country, supported by a good many ultra Protestants, not correctly or fully set forth in the Indictment Thomson, aged S7. Dr. Thomson was a well known A well-lnfurmed Railway authority*- whoDuke sworn to by Mr. DevUn. The affidavit furtlier oro- of Newcastle's ceeded to set forth that the finding of a second in-t>efore 1 fact of Its meeting with many sympathizers outside the o'clock.on the day of the adjoununent of the argu-figuresPitteburgh Coii^>any, seiids us thaQueen, complainingtheof marked for ability,and for the moraland purs Christian character he always main-•"">T189S, fKflP *•season-to the lanestUndrawn,. j .^ i u. j # j„i. .USuhrTWUWlT M*8,W,_at- tnheecebseavalityable rssull of whimcohUoa woald ba waJMlosthrongh the past weekshortly the north side of this island.1T.e4th Inst, was .oflered to show before tto Bsforele Out ttoy had pild-Three royal salutes were fired during the day; thechureh bells rang their merriest peals every hourhis Excellency held a levie at the Palace at noonafter which he rejoined hisIn tLa.WestarB Slates, scouomlsted at fnelghtexcluded, tto ISoU alleged not having been pleaded la the answer.' "^resi-dence, near this dty .where, In honor of Us Excelleney, own, unusually abundantlike our so that ths dUtenltyIV)rlwo afternoons near the close of last week it rained very heavily, and we thought the Autumnalto reassureoa tktrtiotk. a action, which has been frequent^ noticed In the Tncis, than on Saturday. Tto two Miehigan Stocks WAreextremelyis not lo beInre ha* made heavy advances to thl< great under- Court Tto Issue was one of law arldng on a de- werethingthoughtWfisiMnt deal dtwe in Bria at IheCaart Calendar—Fes Tssssav.consisted in Tto action knows as that others do. Sir Edkusb Hsaj> the name of " John Fiixj^Urlck " as an Indgarsesseal trial.says, on the back of tto warrant with tto additional guar- G. Dean and John H. Trapp, for plaintiff; H. P. himself, that he intends to come back In about two antee that everything was right in tto foUowiag Allen, fur defendantmonths. Lady Hsas Is reported to be anxlotis toterms, " All correct C. Devlin."Mr. Gratiiun's motion was for the quashing of theKABNIV08.staysultall classes of the commuidty desire that Ills Excel-Ittdictmenl, on the following groimdsPnitglu.T«ta).lencyshould remain inEngland,for he has made of and Terminer, in which thi* indictment was Oy<rof a matrimonialquarrel.may bs.1. TiiattheGovernor of the Suto hadnopowerbyWILLSThe wills of Botort Vail and Wm. Matthews,were cow admitted to probate by the Surrogate. Neither of the wills contained any toquests of public interest, the devises toIng wholly within the family of each testetor.Declsiaas. SItPBnil CODBT—OHAMBBBS.—Leonabd, J. Bank of State Hank of Ohio vs.1F9!>.$36,701snappishly during the Princes' progresa that his ac- mere Court of Trlat and not a Court for the finding tions were said to be " not the emanations of a of Inillcimcnts.well ordered mind bat the ebullltlona of adiaordered 3. That tl^e stetutory requirements, as to tto publi- stomach." And from the members of the Govern- cation of the Governor's appointment, hal not been ment down to the meanest who came In contact complied with.were:th* case" it were better he should never come back." TheToronto Globe, the chief reform journal, asserts that his being >ent hltlier again would "almost justify armed reslstanae."TheUieGrand Jiiry had not been given, as required by law. 6. Thst the drawing of tne Grand Jury had not been conducted conformably to the statutes, nor the certi-fying of the same made In legal form.7. "That the lourt, without legal warrant had addedfive Grand Jurors to the Grand Jury, as origlaally con-law to appointOur Own Correspondent, writing from Panama commimlty that the Duke's conduct was a petty piece the present Grand Jury could nottovc examined with of Coimecticut and brother of our worthy frtend and Company broughtretire, for Trance does not intend to protect any-thing more than the city ef Borne. France hasproteat«4 against the invasion of the Boman States 'fhe file of men drawn for his execution stood with place, the recent elections of Lcgislatiro Councilors andfellow-cltlzen. Cot George F. Thomson, for several barrassment in IE5T, ite aSajra being iavolved with years editor of tto Daily yews, and now In the oSce tto Ohio Life and Trust. The road was subse-on the eth last., says' :"Moea bore his fatemanfully,of Colonial office domination after all. In the second deliberation the charges alleged against tto defendant,have almost all gone against the present ministry, and indicted tofore. The affidavit also further presented of the Mayor of Or. Chaa. e. ;dirsctioit made Be- extent ts which the French will go in this direc- shot, gentlemen,' he salJ. 'and finish me!' He re- responsible for the Duke's course, aad the turn things County Cleik, aiKt that none of tto arrangements of sides these, to has left many warmly attached friends ceiver for account of all the parties (mortgagpesPicdmoAtTtomson,of quently pUcedunder alocaluptheir muskets not ten feet from him, and yet the fiveof New-as they, however erroneously, arc held to have beenI shall notJ. A. Macsohaui, the Upper Canada leader and Attor-;delicatesubjectto pretend argue.11.0Devlin <,0(X) N. Carol. St. 6s. 98Vt «00 doRIsSt Ttomas, he, and histo speechesprotestUupaid Coupons.Total LisblUUesFor the purpose of restoring tto road to its stock -holders, it Is proposed to create a new general mort-reim-|b^e"r thatittherewasevertheleastcauseforthein- ;-In this way the doctrine of the Emperor of The merchants in foreign countries, particu- This summer, however, Mr. Pops, M. P. for Comp- the Supreme Court, for the recovery of damages for 6 American Ex. Bk. lOtJt 100 do B60 S3«i take the old bills which hare been under pro-" In the north of of late 10 Nassan Bank 103Prancej as laid down in the pamphlet, The Pope larly Europe, having objectei ten, tought the American company out for a mere im assault, alleged to tove toen made upon the plain- 10 Park Bank 113 lOOOaLkChl.R. nn test since 1867, in ttoto purchase cargoes of sugar exported from this Isl- and by the invoice weight, in consequence of thetiff by the defendant, on the 22d of Septerator, 1858.10 Bank Metropolitan60 doin perfect order, floated up to ahartor. Mr. Pors thinks to can raise the two ends600 N. Y. Central R. 200 dothe interest accrued and accruhig to Jan-notThe Grand Trunk Ballway Coaipany are now theand income 1802. Theseengines.Blaciwow, hianagtng Dhector, drewlOa 39H 010P coupons, amounttag;tie dividendwill consume about *«00,000 proposed£200,000,Subsequentlydian Goveriiment for further assistance, aztd a Cabinetcouncil was held, at which it was determined to refuseall aid. Then, at the Whitby (C. W.) Assizes, the and the plaintiff at la^t orderedgage »220,(W, of the roan.Thiswas an action tried tofore Justice BoswoaTS, Inmust haveindictedhimonlytocause he wasThe defendant is a well known publisher in William-dodo do do100 do s«0 7t)160 do 8?i960 K CleT. A Toledo 46v^lhthe old bills payable, including judgments againstAmerson^a Magazine.It appeared on tto trial that the plaintiff is a woodtsa BOO 89Ji ISO 895, 200bl078)« T»3* bI078Jittorefor was $8, which the defendant refused to pay, " "Bl04«l4 do 46S4For thealdwintto asked the Cana- alleging that the iob was toiched by the plaintiff.The plahitiff wailed upon,£lear up fused to subscribe agree arrangement, Bxaisas sued and got judgment against the Company defendant He turned to go, uidng language not very 42& do., ...b3 3>V 60 do., .b£a;4*>»« administraUon, and the working of the road isshallbedeductedemn promise lately, that he too desired to protect Bome and the person of the Pope from violence,and behind the fact that the Pledmontese are Ital- ing.fortheall, sixty-two pounds,Companyof the tm- or to this new.b«0 ..j^ do 74S debt contracted under do., .b30 74!4 The Company owes nosugars have re- easlneiBaboutBome.Thusfalnonehasap-allegingthattheIncreasedaugmentationofthetarefor4j,U00,0(jO.Andassomeoftheser-complimentarytothedefendantasalleged,where-260do..boo40SOdo73'p'IresentCompany'speared, and we have no intelligence that Is entirely too great, and they pretst that sugars ex- vants have been In arrears of nay for a short time, all upon the defendant assisted bin out with a blow.300 Harlem Railroid 22 60 do...slO '3'i as rcdui-ed loperfectThisnot the difficult Boinan question be settled seventy of tue piinclpal sugar-houses.that the piaiu tiff sued the defendant foralso appeared so doians and not foreignets in Bome. After all, whymayin this very quietwhererer Pledmontese troops go, their King mayagrretneni l« subscribed to by more thanI recoveredFlaaasUI Pasitiaa af tke Ornad Trunk Knll- his bill aanllowing It to gjoubdygmdefnatulot.n the action, the 1600 Had.dIotiverbut insidious manner ?in « plaintiflForwith two or three of the of Uie leading sugar-houses, whoseverdict for plaintiff for gt.000.an annual rent ofto the Pltttsburgh, Port Wayne and Chloa-some $20,000 to $2S,00e for half ofwoandaAlB-Us hsnaot by a report that he had gone tne empty sugar box to be perfectly just and fairpendingover our Provincial undertaking, the Street CommlMloaer 35S grealeat IMsadaain* Agalast iMbesides,the rqiairs of tto tracxleased. Thh> of saving$103,-pounds for Iddc, Ac. In nails,sM 90while he wax sick, and without his knowledge. It iS SS- •::::..: SOS IS''.1tnev.>i'itt«. b.b.names30W0, tha iaoaortal BOBCO, has beea deeply *11 declare the Increase in the Ure ofItwould to uselees to attempt16S 35Spaid Road,surdylfonow.are not3tChickKk.bl.B....741 have conversedvray. plsintiffThe tiiid resulted3S0Hsrlem R R 22 ISOIS Erlr Railrosuld* do *•»••tSVSas soon as the unseciusd debt Is funded. This exten-senior membersFrom ike Toronto Leader,aad L. S. CUat-3Ht ISS78>4 blSTSH 4S1ision to Pittsburgh will save$86,000,sixty poundsbox,; 1thef'^ler for a month, indbesides ihc-^weight of the hooks employed in weigh-^e"^^* wh*^unt'htehnmTS6SS4 14over to the PiedBontese. He publishes a card to Indeed one gentleman, who ts an extensive our"c"h*a*s*e'r '^' papers, that Messrs. BASnie and Givs MiuJ *P the Theex- for the suburban businaasoaathewolU•!»*««>f^*V^!^°^'"T*!",.wftlm- ""o and Co.,havetakenstepstorecoveradvancesmadeto People2WReadingB.R...UJt MosBiT, Oct 15-P. H.; but mW* he does not explam why ^r toT"""'."'! »l"ge importerrhTnit sick last St th* eiitieal aomeat and aban- to his tost knowledge and SSn^afhCSS declare, that when the Pied- boxes Imported Into thisneaehntntsteted thatweigh upwards of a apany-m«toi»ieth£» they fi^^^awlth Us sword mhis hand-and sappy wood, and thoughthey may become decreasedIbedollars. It wUI to rememtored that the shareholderi gave authority, last Spring, to-raise £1,500,000 sterlingwork, if at all. under an illegni contract. The ap- present in the sggregato the following changes charge upon the net eandngs of tto road wilt to |SH,-In Ae note ot the*«pardon^ phgiBtism, by ««*Sg*, ^2converted into weigh less thanon seven per cent, preferential bonds; but Itbefore Justice Lsohaxd, who now refuse,! thenot the only remaAaWe pbtattoxes in the esUtes, yet they neverCourt, mandamu*.$1,030,010 126,880 233,184 SM.IISlate Neapolitan Oennnl; 5ies,bntdoMnot swnendar." Shiteng*(y ponnds, which, opinion, ijhi his about the^Street laproTeneats.SpecieGuard, what thfaik you of that T;But this Is not" <ra» B^co ««;as and Iteaactly the langua/e. He saysSpanish Bank is not that: U riritte et auounts tu about tha same thing.—which of Havana also attracts very general attenUon at theshould takeWe tremble to think of the consequences of>ige m *e rendttgt jlAliAXOrr.surprising the amount.theysteps" «^?» JSJ^'Increase InDecrease in (^Ircolatien Decrease Inweek, which show the inter-exchanges totween the Banks, and bicluding, also, the Sub-Troasuryfrom SecselCompany lo an amount which, incurrencyIfor are Smit*.—the Cono- ber 4. TheTmss, peremptoryPittsburgh Company rival road leading from burgh.irf tha OU average weightof the tost shocks;and outside capitalists refusslat an expense not to wWeh eaeaedSOl^eaot,ule,TtlhelplVanters 01 sugar-boxLoUef, very many of thethe of this This case was stated in theof Octo- mandiimna,islanddejd pounds, particularly ^uch as are made ofThe de- fendant declined, returning that the relator hal donawin take him on the hundredand miUlons of Ajmewhere between%*even eightrertam work In regulating Third -avenue.of on Oct.CHy New-York, Saturday, 13, I860, With ttose arrangemente carried out tto anntistby becoming dried tofore they arehasbeen found impossible to the nooney even at this getrate aad on these terms. The stockholders declinedto make the auvanceto subscribe the proposed loan. Large advancesto re<:orerprevious exhibit of Oct. 6 Decrease in Loans.:5*0 for Interest$1,800sinking fOad,or$H$,-marketThe conduct of the Directors of theC0NISACT8action was brought to recover of the defendants thewoih. Ih«iifl<tMMt«ih-presentmoment, and we find the Editor of the Ixano /apsum of»4,0ls 40,with Lotete.t U>ereon from tto 31stCd«pvihuoks,millions. means the only claims againstrelator asked for adebt must to compel the defendant to certify thataasImported into thisUndrawn DepositsThis Including the Clearing-house operations of the200,00$,Includes repairscame good managemestfor aasthsr jtac tahi$i(thla road back to a condition It enjajrad baltan Its nalSrtk. nate compUcity w.th tha Ohio LUt aad TtastaisAbwww.fultonhistory.comkinds of rumors have got about—going to stop running, and alt sorts of dreadful ttilugsgoing to happen. Matters are pretty Ind, financially, fendant testifying that he run into the latter, and plain-ISO Lu Crosse A Hill. R mconsistent with safety and a.-idapled, proper regardtoalargesmoont—overamillionof dLlSJaT ffsS^'aSif thror^"iCik d^iot get „,Jii^«,JLwti2re thefe wmSi hi. dSskV^MSTstV.not he. It appeared ttot the plaintiff did little or^thing130— IMSr^.^Sff«veo?ne^^s jover ttob70O«< SO Iwl.Vl.. A Woifa R n been consumBSted for tto eoostructiou of this 24R.R.slO 64 lOOtJal. AChic. B WV miles from Roctostar to Pittsburgh, to to commenced "biU to to defrayed not to hot ssIbridgeAllaghanyKlver.Arrangementshaveto that a K. appended, and they one aad tremendous financial catsstropto seem* to to Im-;Squiresdo d» d*o.19S SSb6S4e 2S 01. A Teteda Bnowe desirable. "finmorning,pitekit is as sUted in soma of WebeUeve perfectly true,Deaiptl.exrel. Prttigrtuf vs. Oitsfscus'iMHsrlemr. R. Fref SI 300 «•sOSSSasx 000 is equal to 10 V centcountry, theirs byonlytoexpressed bysopopulouscityPltta-canany of theThe enUre amount Boatingwere made by the London firms In questionthe money bus net been raised to re.mburse them,tnat the road was By some means the plaintiff got back into either theany mora troops hare been ordered to ported by them should be wel^iad at the time of deliv-that point. From this rises a supposition that, ery.perhaps. Gen. Goton will be authoriied to call to By the agreement referred to, it is stipulated that although the line is doing a paying business just now, tiff's witnesses, or ore of them, testifying that he was $1,000 Tenn. St. Os, •» 90^ 10 Mich. Cen. B ".>« has heretofore existed in the necessity of enteringhis aid m the City of Bome the Pledmonteseand what the result will to neither 1 nor any one else carried bacmkuicntho the formearn,dwhere he received sun- 20Bankof New-York.iratroops city on may be shiBldsd behind the King Victob Eiahuil's sol-can well judge. It is said that tto Bank of Upper dry blows, bruising ituuriug him. Piain- 100 Caaton Company..|2S W dothat by this time are within sight of that tha Korth, an act, the legality of wUchsevenraw-hide, nails, ftc, in all, furty-nlne pounds—therethe blows, one of them saying " he him 100 do poundedUl-ntitledDoocusmesnt'defendant's !.tore, or Mr. Coles' storede-* of the Company. for the propertyhereafter, hi all the purchases they maymalte, inplace of the deduction which is now made of forty- Canada—an institution which seems to exist simply tilTs witnesses testified th»t it was the defendant who 100 Pacific M. S. (^.... 90 5Mlcb.8<..i.V.I.O.SJ« Thi£ difficulty Is atout to to obviated by an arraogs-poundsemptyS;bJ04Si< Bcntfor thebox and two for pounds«0W'!for an cars Into thepasie* andtwo ofttowho are likely never to lapay it—is a creditorUke thunder," and the dtf,:ndant testified that it was 116 lis91 M 90.H.rfotli 4«PennsylvaniaFor thiscost,for tto purpose of lending money to people and Com- gaveIndependent track, which wUI bring ttoRailroadextension it is proposed to issue tonds for tto" sketrhe,wasS4 at to estimated from $8*0,000thebotohed"work ,.$1,000,000, a IncludingBusteed for conceal field for defendant.8.theplication fromfor aooe renewed tonds ; total. $360,66*. Tto eanlagayear been,plaintiff.versed, and new trial ordered.revoked, julgmeutre-necessar,ythe aa ioerease ofJamtM J. Uotcard vs. iHenrv J. TWa Raymond.—and we have value fi>r although gotmurrer to the answer.steady,good-.;a but s fraction lower for Illinois CentralBenjamin Vaughan Abbott, for defendant argued tlons. The general tone of tto Bichanga, to- ttot the construction now placed on the section of the day, was ttot of firmness, while the outside otden94>.B3», »4l,»43, Ml, 809, 728,I believe the U nSw) that it poUitword*, these lacl* are set forth ss an absolute de- i;anamaJudgeJudgeleft to preside over the Clreuit Coturt, in an a4)oinlngan sei^on of the Court extraordinary4. 1hattheSheriffoftheCityandCountyofNew-TotalSame week last year' GainlnlEeoThe Cincinnati, Hamilton andout of100 the office of the 160do., do.,..bi6 .w;«..300 do.. .»60th»a system of as caa to economythat subsequently published in the defendant's althoni.gh the defendant testified that It wasdoCea R. Scnpwas made at Chambers of the Supreme theandI, I860, to Nov. $0, 18*1, art astflad ft,^AND G0NTBACT0E8. Jchn F. Broderkk vs. The Mayor, *«.—sad newdistiitctlybut extended with new sheets of twenty years,— adjoininghe ha-1 doneTlio -WeeklyAveragesof the Banks of theThe this oluisa Bgreementalsoeontslned:Allthat SOW do r<IO dosgnementwht» be-eneoiu-Loans, and spme priipa Qfse<HM>lsttobeen appealttorefromtottoGeneralTermoftheJudgment having was angiven for tto plaintiff, thisrule was, ttot the justification must to as broad as theHissoutis, and 79^ ^ cent, was paid to-day. Othei1.000 Erie6,000 ErieP JdM.Bs'Sa. KM6,000 £rie ft 4th M.Bs. »1ii 200 do2,400 B.,N.TJtE.lstH. 82!i 60 M. So. & .V I. G. S 48^4600 111. Icn. R. B«.1,000 do1,000 Han &St.J.R Bs. 70 6 Panama Ballroad6,000 U.,L. AW.R.Ut M. OSH 200 m. Central R. Scrip gt\b30f<3^ b30g41,000L.E.AW.lstB.b8.n%gage,bursable inthe purpose of absorbing the nnsecared tonds, and to100 do OOMerrhanU' Bank..lOS too do$cent for Interest,ini| 26Del. AHud.Ca'ICo. Mil 36077?i tonds TS20 do100 du 200 do 1636 do lU) do60 Brie RailroadSO do. 40* do. 3M) do.,Company, withuary,tond», together with Interest to Januaroyf, the60 do200 do.100 do206 N. 1. Ctntrsl B.sSO 90S; =W tn.W. •« dob3S6Ht too «•.b6S48H 27 MUl. k Miss B. B.upon $1,0*0,000,..I6S ..bl0 3»\ 60Deoeober.to Show thatt^Exchange opened to-day iorttj Boit«»fipU ^-jof costs of saltdemuneron payment and atpreted bySuriaios Cooar.—Part /.-—Nos. 837, 7M. Itit, ItSl, cumstances stated avowedly In mitigation of dam- krieOder, previously$2,000 in full of aU claims for costs, coaosei fees, aU-Septtnher, Septemtor, IbWfor atto slgnlBg of and tto plaintiff was the only witness smm on ttoIncreaseComparative statement of earnings o^ ttsPettigrevi f10 costs.Jfsyor, 4^c.—ADlilTTED,1,MI1 SI 8(,MS TJ The earnings of the Chicago and ITorth- westem Bailroad for the first week of OctohsfR^^ I00,00$—571.009:op lowing quotations were reported on the Street st 4&ithful officer iaThe final proceeding* in this chse were deferred head yvith every advsntage of tried exparieQce sad10 Cleve Col.A Ctn.R. tlH payable,ofThe Stock Market opened with a firmer feel-thisthroughout the day for New-Totk Ceitfni, dalena,and aH. P. Herdman, for the plahitiff, contende I that the full rates of Saturday. The demand continues toto'clock Central:The SepU'mber earningsof theBufialo and State Line Septemtor, 1869 and I86UFrom passengers From ireighl From mai.s. ic$5,036 (B 13,M4 «• aio W.-xtl»,4U l» 12,403 SIon the 17th the Septemtor traffic returnSepteniber, IbOO Sieptember, IbiOcent., payablejtiCO,and issue thetoitds16S do '»*"'<» Pittsburgh on the track of a rival line for 24 mUes.100 l*l!>! ISO P»n»m» Railroad.'??D'^pct.8S.S39VH isoCkle.B'B kQ.R.... SOM go..after90|, and Galena to 79) ^Second and Third Bonds^^ »Ml,»a»Company's thirtyyean,bearing flttpder U,The River nn couponsTthat will tocome due in 1861, together with.•Ml U for tto month ofOiker wimnta.fl,»IOSO tT9jO»U11ns tto accrued interest to date, as well as fourfoUowlngreUe:The drawback to the prosperity of tto CompaayInterestclusive of a discrimination agahut tto Cleveland aad. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 ..j^^^taia