 Innon ©TWT |"»i*e©ee- wiQ kxvo im that it deroraey, ser Deme- rto po*»*. I t a i mpowerfa} Stat© ton.[**« »n easy id strong And it [i* a* & UJ« brought Iby similar ra&nd, theipliahed do it overIK. G. a*Lween tax rest, there r^a which ^entieatea>ulatort im work to •at to ike rxumenial-i&* ht*ea de- jy t&ou- for various >r^oratuxi all sorts coeedingly fngth, afterleereetiofi there is a up, when:th, and, to get thebuilding >mmodate it, and'.Li* mea*» residents aud ua- cabie addi- at leas ire. The- is is the last in the je Enee accessible >y Patrick tt, finding MadiaonThe "or a building ny of offide- nai Judges. |round, Kke Hedbyan ter or laterosi-Ofl&oe, offices, a*jvermneat, Ie pretest, new Citycalled, for, Edition of •t withoutleast fifty Ithe bound- p practicalby b;th Govprnuunts. He asked for the pressnt con- be reporkd complete. Meiers. Cotfwc, Craig of North Carolina, and Alley. sideration of the bill. Laid over.While €here waa a general agreement in favor of The bill to further carry out the provisions of the some rack enterprise and of extending Government fifteenth section of the treitv between the UnitedParade Ground bill.)pated by receiving a telegram from Albany at 5 a: m.^ \ Precinct Police. At 1 o'clock on the night before hi* ' Btatxrg.that the Governor had peremptorily refused to execution, be sent'for Capt. Dowring, received- bbafct jtake any acticn m bis behalf. very affectionately, embracing and kissing him, -end!'floiland,o rThe sales of public lands are included in the re- ceipts, which have fallen off $300,000,. compared with last week's returns.To tins Amociated Tr*>*».WASHINGTON, Friday, Ma-cb 30,1860. Private letters from Arizona, state that delegates have been elected to a convention to be held at Taesonon the first Monday in April, to or>ranize a provisional government^for that Territory. All connection with /few-Mexico is severed. K. Owens, two years ago member of the Legislature of Texas, will probably be elected Oovemor of Arizona under the Provisional Oovwrjmeiit. The same advices state, th-tt the distur- bances wUl probably destroy the trade witb El Paso, and prevent the exportation of specie. Moec of the specie used by the United States Government and Overland Mail Company, hae heretofore been drawn from Chihuahua.distant. This was an afterthought, as he originallydesigned to hide it hi tbe woods near by. In the sand- St he dug a shallow grave with his hands, aud buried m with no other help. After several davs the body waj found by some boy. Acker came with others, and as tbey were taking the body no, directed the attention of those present to himself, by thanking God that hedid not do it.Bo was arrested, aud on tbe 30th of January hi*trial began. The evidence was entirely circumstan- tial, but conclusive. That of Norris was overwhelm- ing. It is said that Acker now admits that he for eev- •enal nights prowled about Norris's house, intendmg te put h'm out of the way.atives, the" the Post->anies h a d 1 this city, o hours, atundertake etiersonly as now, Ine cent isper.rTO >ughoattheamen were bficsa State th of April:ate*.I) Oi.faa.BtOB,rl&ort, rgfiL*. r.or 2,a.r. MWJ>.,'top. -'of Vtrt «aea- *.•. •YEAS—Mesara. Abell, Blood, Connolly, Ferry, Fiero, Gardi- McGraw, Montgomery, J. M. Murphy, Proaaor, Kobortaon,Rotcli. Spinola, 'irtinian—20.NAY'S—Mea»r». Bell, Cclvin, Goas, Grant, Manierre, Monroe,P. P . Murpby, Baroaey, Richmond, Sessions, Warner—10. Democrats in Italic*: Republicans in Roman.PASSAGE OK BILLS.In the Senate to-day a large number of bills were read a third time and passed, mostly of a private or local interest. Among the bills of general interest are the following:To punishlraudulent sale or concealment of property held under a chattel mortgage.To amend the Revised Statues so as to prevent the alienation of life annuities which are made " not trans- ferable."Providing for the assessment of the amount to be poid for Croton water at Sing Sing Prison.to. I B•T uesdaythat he bad not brought his youngest Bona, nor any o iand no member to speak more than cnee to a single his daughters^ not wishing to abuse las generosity. A, and then of the heavt, and prononneed life extinct.ceremonyher. He took ber to Cronstadt, and that is the lastlthsMigk- ts and 2 * »T^s*#^a ^^*^^ws ^Wof her. During the year past a•ofLondon,Mr.Petherick,BritishConsulatKhartoum, them.all Hewassorryforthecrimehehadcommit- gave an account of a journey performed by him up the ted ; he did not mean to do it, but did it in a greakpas--<bill back forthwith. . halls at $200 per day and board at $5 p3r day, com- to his cell but his spiritual advisers,.and the few hours:JSTdrris asked him to ride, but he declined, aud fol-|whole body a half do*eu times, after he had been sus- Mr. Arcularius. read the account of the late fatal fire natives who had done him a service some return, told: his hand on the flagging while the priesta-were offering:in New-Y ork City, and asked unanimous consont to pu ' him that he would give him and hia children presents.pray era of his soul;After banging about twelve minutes, he was letdown to within a foot of Qui ground, and the phyeioian in attendance made an Examination first of the pulse,with Miss Tarakanoff in NapV ^ conspired witb her against Catherine, and, more r^fotty to deceive her,Ihe was not prepared to do. They requested him to quent fatal mishaps to those not concerned or in thefurnish a list, which he was under the impression was least blameable, think differently, and are of the opin-among his papers. They also asked him whether Sen- ion that in the present case the murderer got nothing ator SlidelL, Butterworth, Robert J. Walker,vGeorge more tban his due.Sanders, and Hart had contributed. His impression The facts of the caseare-briefly these: MbBienry en-was that the three former had, but he did not recollect tered the liquor-store of Crimmins with several friends,in regard to Sanders and Hart. The Committee then and after they had been drinking some time together, branched off on Haskin's election, and desired to know ! Crimmins came in. Recognizing McHenryr with• •'the Tenement House bill upon ita passage. Objection was made, and the House suspended the regular order of buhiness for the purpose of taking up the Canal Ap propriation bill. Debate was restricted to five minutesNext day the father- came to see him, accompanied byforty yoimg men his sons, aud he told Mr. Petherick lasked her hand in niarriuge.on board a Russian vcesel for the performance of the/feci!- :'.^a*^fc,<.-•!^EST HEWS."•.xxxyitH-tjafQBEsgfc-^W-¥<MtR »ML Y TRIBtiNE, SA^UftBAY, MARCH 31, 18$,"im?>"nNEW-YOES: LEGISLATURE. motion to ttrifce out the l-2flth of a mill, inserted f o r i thenurpcee of extending the Chenango Canal. The I- inotton^failed by a tie vote; Trat in^edmtelythere^T. 'EXECUTIONOF JOHN&&&»*CRIMtelNS.J WFB but abghtly discolored, and a closer exaiuaatieBt^ t&edoctor*showed that the neck had been broke*,sscsnesD BTSENATE....ALBANY. March 30,1860.On Friday, morning, at t^en^-fiye; nrh^dee after 9md that he died" mora from injury tctfre »raKt**«l£lfMAGNETICTELEGRAPH.theBoardofForeignMissions'pftheReformedProtest- :onttheappropriationfortheOswegoCanalfailed^. :tW ASBESGTOX, Friday, March 30, looV.THE PACIFIC TELEGRAPH.; The Poet Office Committee of the House had Mr.ant Dutch Church, vThe Metropolitan Police bill wo* made'•"•'the' special order.for to morrow, and it was Jeeoived, to take a finaltnere being but two or three voices in its favor. A motion to strike out tho Genesee VaHey Canal waa also lest., when the Committee rose, reporting progress,pervieors of t*e county, a number, of medical gentle-toTaojr.Y.TrflHmai '_ceffin was el'gvu.tly made, of black walcot woed, awl vote on Monday ni^lit. The motion.te add the Mayors and asking leave to sit agdm. The House agreed to men, priests, friends oftbedeceasedi and a/selected few bore the inscription, on a silver croes:i "V•FIEST SESSION.C,' J8 'cessary, beside being calculated to place them in afalse position before the country as obstructing aninvestigation on the eve of a Presidential canvass. will have an opportunity now to show the countrybjm no more liquor, and ordered him to leave. Mc- taken pla:e. was altogether unfounded: Henry, in reply, made use of offensive and abusivelanguage toward Oimmins and his wife, when-, as hewas leaving, Crimmins hurled a heavy iron weightCorrespondence of Tbe N. Y. Tribune.MORKISTO\V>, N. J., March 29,1860; For several months, much interest has been excitednate in both a party and personal sense.THE COMMAND IN UTAH.CoL Charles F . Smith only retains command in Utah until CoL Ccok, who succeeds Gen. Johnson, shall reach there, when he will occupy the secondrank to him.THE PRINTING CORRUPTION REPORT.Mr. Haakin's report on the printing corruptions w21 get an extensive circulation South, as members of the Southern Opposition it tend to found upon it and accompanying testimony, a justification forarraigning the Administration at home.A VOTE OF CENSURE.Mr. Nelson intended yesterday to offer resolutions denouncing the President's insulting Message as violative of the righ» of the House, and he may feek some future opportunity.THE MISSOURI ELECTION CASE.Mr. Blair closed his case before the Committee on Elections this morning, making his right to the seat held by Mr. Barrett clear and unquestionable. The fraads committed in that election were only paralleled by those in Kansas.GOV. WISE AND JOHN BROWN'S RAID.The majority of the Harper's Ferry Committee have again determined to summon Gov. Wise, and it is probable the question will be submitted to the Senate. His public avowals make him the most important witness yet called, and Messrs. Doolittle and Couamer are expected to insist upon testing the sense of the Chamber upon requiring his evi- dence. Having sent Mr. Hyatt to jail for refusingto answer, the majority cannot now decline to sum-mon Gov. Wise. They fear he may either pursuethe course adopted by John Brown, jr., in disre-garding the process of the Sergeant-at-Arms, or, ifcalled, decline to testify upon material points. Asthe law now stands, the Sergeant-at-Arms has noRailroad, were referred to the Committee on Cities and Villages to report complete.Mr. Robinson, from the Judiciary Committee, re- ported favorably the Senate bill to reorganize the Erie Railroad, and but for a tingle objection this desirable bill would have been referred back, with power to re- port complete.Committee of the Whole. ident in regard to raising money for the campaign of Mr. CROCKER stated he was in favor of a speedy 1856. He replied he had not.completion of the ciuals, but opposed to excessive tax-aticn.. He would not favor oppressive burdens on the —A gentleman in Hartford, Conn., who is well people. If the work of the enlargement could be com- versed in the politics of that State, writes:McHenry through the street, stabbing him once as he between Boonton and Montvflle, on the 18th of Octo- ber last. These men had been drinking together atfled. The wounded man stumbled and fell, and then Provost's tavern, in Montvflle, and' Gordon, made Crimffiins stabbed him thrice again as he lay upon"tfee foolish by liquor, talked to his companion about semeground, using, according to the physicians who ex- money he had—a $20 gold piece and some bale,power to enforce process like a United States to-night. One is addreseed by J. A. Briggs, of Ohio,have been agreed upon by them? to the next Legislature. The Commissioners are to receive $6 per day for active services and necassary traveling expenses—one halfspirators will have to come down to a shilling a shave and smoke, and a dime a " nip," or shut up shop.around the central edifice in which the prisoner wasHe now went to Boonton, and of course drank some. He returned to Montvflle, 'where he lived, bought bottle of rum, • stimulated his courage, ana, afcer biswhether they were in earnest or otherwise in these statements.after him.McHenry, /upon gaining- the street, threw a' alter the section authorizing such - extension wasThefollowngbillswerepassed: Toincorporate strikenoutbyalargemajority. Anefforttostrike o'clock,JohnCrimmins,foundguiltyandeentflncedforIfiftraDgTjdatioD. ThepupilsoffcothhiseyeswereSENATE....WasWdfOg,March30,I860. TheCHAIRJaldbeforetheSenateamessagefrom the President in reply to a resolution of inquiry rela- tive to the operations of the Navy in Mexico, and the .authority, therefor. Ordered to lie on the table andbe printed.Mr. MASON" from the Committee on Foreign Rela- of New-Toik' and Brooklyn to the ccromieeiou wis go into Committee again on the bill, at 7 p, mv whom curiofcity led to the spot. The time of the hang-" JOHN CEiMMrcWJ, Di*4 March 20th. I860. Aged Mywud actlfi month*."Crimmms was very kindly treated by the keflgWT-e* referred it to the sab-committee, consisting of and sit three mon»b3, the expenses to be paid jointly against unsafe buildings ia New-York was referred, to- -. MT. Fisher reported complete the Brooklyn Park and jand his wish was granted. His last hopes wen* dissi- of the CHy Prison and Capt. DowJing of the'Sfrffction?, reported a bill relative to assembling a Con- lost. No important amendment was adopted.vention of Commissioners from the United States and Tbe bill to create the Department ofPublic Charities Paraguay, to consider the claims of the Rhode Island in New-York was reporteo favorably.A large number of Senate bills were anncun?ed arid irg was fixed between the hours of 9 and 12, but the referred to the Appropriate Committees; among them, prisoner, after all hope of a reprieve had left'him, was-one for the protection of boarding-house keepers, and ; anxious that it should be over with as early as possibly Gwin's Pacific Telegraph b31 np this morning and Company, said Commissioners to meet in Washington, On motion of Mr. COLES, the bill to* provide relative to the sale of poison.\States and Meaico, concluded Feb. 2,1848, was taken .'•$. McQUADE moved to refer tbe two remainingASSEMBLY.ALBANY, March 30, I860.POLITICAL,aid toward its construction, it was thought proper up. It provides for the Commissioner to adjudicate New-York City Railroad bills, for the South and West —-The Herald's correspondent say» tLafc Covode's jfacts and hietory of this man's trial, and the efforta behalf. B©bad little hope Jeft at that tine, but it v/a*;I We have already laid before our readers the fnll thanimg him for the Sympathy be had shown in hia' to examine the details of this particular project private c'aixos order the treaty, there being a special ptreet Road, and for the East street and Avenue C Investigating Committee met and examined Collecto? dissipated by tV^» reception of another telegram at &*fund in the Treasury for naming them. zaore carefoDy. After a debate, it was laid over.TBE ADMINISTRATION CORRUPTIONS. The private calendar was taken up, and bills upon it Mr. Corode's Committee have adjourned till discussed the balance of the day. Adjourned.Road, to the first Committee of the Whole. Lost— ; made to procure parden. Nothing remains, therefore,Yens 72, ODe less than twc-thirds. ^. Schell in reference to efforts made by him and others' buttt>review tbe circumstances, of the crime as it was o'clock in the morning from the Governor at Albany*'Mr. FLAGLER moved to make the tax half a mill, in New-York to raise money in the campaign .of 1856, •i committed, and to chronicle the incidents of the unfor-I stQl refusing to interfefc*. Capt.Dowling has received^1* instead of eleven-bundredths of a mill, with the inten- generally known as the New-York Hotel' Committee. \ tunate end to which it has brought him. Various are the followrcg letter freta-Crimmins:Menday at ten o'clock, when Mr. Schell will be re-called and required to produce the ltst of subscrib-ers to the New-York Hotel fund which was raisedtion to strike out the Chenango extension.After a prctracted debate the motion was lost—44 toThe Committee desired toknow what amount of money" CTTT PRT«OW, Mareh W, 186H" To CAIHT. Dowfcm^^o-rJWy Oood VtUnt-i'l think l\ tar dnty b*for« I Jepwt from tMi lfh1. to acknowfadjw nay jMittudkto yeti for the lftterp.»t yon bjrwj teken in my b«b«]f. <h>& .blM* you for yonr k'sdness. J am *atl*6*d there is nothing left trndoit* by the good* men that intere»te«? tbemoeJveo <n raj boh»"fI d»*with tbe bert *Hi»be«to the good people of KewiVork. for I measure of justice meted out to the- larger portion of bave'wf n more frft-ndgbip rfneo rharro been in pti*m, than Ito carry Pensj hrania in 1856. It is believed his re-cusal yesterday, after his previous promise to fur- turned to him in thirty days .if not called for, it shalltions except that for the Erie Canal. A long debate ensued upon this.• It is thought by many that his lot exceeded thenish tike paper, was influenced by some member of the Administration, as the President has been kept JuBy informed of the testimony before this commit- tee and that of the Committee on Public Expendi- tures. Mr. Schell has been notified not to leave thecity, and if he proves contumacious he may be sent to keep Mr. Hyatt company. His brother Richard,cfBce, was passed.A number of private bills were passed. Adjourned till Monday.Chenanpo Canal Extension, &e. Special Dispatch to The N. Y. Tribune.ALBANY, Friday, March 30,1860. The Assembly has done a handsome thing to-night.8ud Select Committees. Among ethers, the bill to au- thorize the construction of new tracks on the Second- avenue Railroad in New-Y ork.Mr. O. ALLEN called up the resolution inquiring of the Attonoej-General if in his opinion the repeal of the railroad tolls of 1851 was constitutional.. Adopted.The Committee of Nine put forward -several bills, anong others; The New-York Central Park bill; to alter the exterior line of streets in New-York, on the Harlem River; for the inepeotion of steam-boilers inwhether Foniey received any of this money. They use of knives and pistols upon the persons of theirA 'mighty I know I am tearing a-brc*eT>-b«wt*cl wtft, and tw>* chOrfrf n after m«-, bnt tbe wi)J of f W auitl be done*- I anvwel foitfnad in •ptritnal matterH. throt»h Ca« rood prieataan'! goo*| siatera. I bave receiTed great coj»i<jJa'i<sn from tnem. May Goo apfje them to the poor mi«<or.eTf., fwrtbeyare very «;ood'liad**<l." And now, my dear friend, 1 take my fcare of yon 0B& «JI tb* fcindpeoplethatinter»t«dtbemaeire*in*mybehalf, way 0«d blea? yon all. " Yonr wall wiwaer,"Gcod bye Captain." " JOHN CRIHWttNS.The wife of Mr. Crimmins was see»standing among' the crowd outside of the City Prison, at the tic*fl the spectators of the execution made thear exit into'the' street. 3he WSBweeping, but was probably not gen- erally known among the crowd. T w » children, one four years of age, and the other two; are left depend- ent upon her for support. The rumor which was cir- culated yesterday to the effect that a 'reprieve for theHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.The House conaiuered the bills upon the private cal-endar.On motion of Mr. COLFAX, the bill providing thathad been raised by said Committee, and what portion A motion was made to strike out all the appropria- had been sent to Pennsylvania; He replied that be-tween $20,000 and $30,000 had been sent to Pennsyl-the opinions expressed in tbe street, and by those whose attention has been given tbthe matter, as to the merits of the prisoner's crime. 'who has acted as private financier for members of After a lengthy debate on the bill to complete the New-York and Brooklyn; to regulate the rates of the Cabinet when pinched, has also been summoned canals, it struck out the ChenaDgo-extension and lock- wharfage in New-York and Brooklyn; the oysterenlargement schemes, and ordered the bill to a third planting bill; to regulate .the ferry*between New- York and Staten Island; to 6roct the County of Con-reading. A number of Senators who have persistently hocton.Leading Democrats in and out of Congress con- opposed railroad tolls, have asserted that they would The House, on motion of Mr. Coukling, struck outdemnthePresident'sMessageasweakandunne- favortollsiftheChenangoandenlarged-locksjob theenactingclauseofthebillforthereliefofGeo.W.Sherman and others.Rccees till 7 o'clock.The bill to widen Bushwick avenue in Brooklyn wasreferred to be reported comnlete.On motion of Mr. A. A- MYERS, the bill to incorpo-to teil his experience.THE PRESIDENT'S LAST MESSAGE.could be killed in the House, so that they could be as- sured that the money to be raised from railroad tolls would not be squandered on useless enterprises. Theywhetherhe(Schell)hadcontributedmoneytoKem-jwhomhewasatenmity,hetoldthebar-keepertosellcondemnednmnhadarrivedaftertheexecutionhad44. .AFTERNOON SESSrON.if any person endorsed on a letter that it is to be re-be to done instead bf being sent to the dead-letter A cumber of bills were reported from the Standing State Central Committee. They desired to know hose who are in the habit, in this city, of making free i-vfr saw before. So now I am f.iriy ?«e#i*Tjed *o tbe wjCQ of tbeand the other bv Mr. Kapp, editor of the New- Yorkc -only take a witness if he has strength enough to Demokrat; A. Celeston, W. Schmidt, J. F. Babcock, to bo paid by tbe Railroad companies of the State. —The Times correspondent,, writing of the Rhode were together inside awaiting the hour, around the wife w?nt to bed, he examined his pockets, and foundJHftmhal He may call a posse eomitatus, but can carry him, if resisting.confined. The Board of Supervisors and the Sheriff*and B. Xoyes. The excitement and enthusiasm dis- The Governor isrequired to traxsmit a copy of this act Island election, says " the Republicans have the cell door of the prisoner. Tbe gallows had been he had lost the money for which ne committed theplayed are beyond description. The Republicans ar<; perfectly confident of victory in the State election.•T h e M i s s o u r i l e f r i s l a t n r e .ST. LOUIS, Friday, March 30, 1860.The Missouri Legislature adjourned sine die this morning, but Gov. Stewart immediately issued a proc- lamation calling an extra session forthwith, for the purpose of consultation upon the objectionable features of the railroad bill.lake Pepin Open.CHICAGO, Friday, March 30, 1860.Lake Pepin is open, and navigation oait is resumed. The steamer Milwaukee arrived at Prairie du Chien yesterday, from St. Paul.-•:From Texan. NEW-ORLEANS, Thursday, March 29,1860.Gov. Houston, net receivingthe Government military aid. as expected, has ordered Col. Johnson to immedi- ately raise a large force of Rangers aud drive the Indi- ans from the northern frontier. He takes no step against Mexico pending the ratification of a treaty.The Central Overland Mail.- ST. JOSEPH, Friday, March 30, 1800.The documents sent into the Senate to-day by thePresident embrace the instructions of the Navy Depart- 17th irst, arrived last night. The news |ta unimport-THE TREASURY.The foflowing is the weekly statement of the Treasuryproposed to recommit with instructions to report a tributed of the speeches of Seward, Wilson, and Lin- which it has answered. The spot was the- same, thesubstitute which he offered, and which substantially provided that the railroads shall not charge more for a long distance than a shorter one, which was lost—10to 18, as follows:YEAS—Messrs. Bell, F»>rry. GOBB, Munroe, P . P . Murphy, oach other. The Republicans do not hesitate to say stood, ax in hand, ready to catoh the, signal, of thethe. body of his victim. He seized rt by/ •Receipt*... Draft»p«ld. Dim/UlHraed-Net balance in Troosury$1,157,619 40 J,0JJ,46u 54 1,023,635 93' 5,106,105 43coln, over 15 000 copies, and, with hie assistants, worksdaily, early and late, disseminating documents, receiv-ing reports, &c. Both sides talk pretty hard about an incloture of rough boards, in which the executioner dered the .body, and carried it to a sand-pit some rodement to Capt. Jarvls. Under date of July 27, 1858, iie is informed that the shi n-of-war Savannah has been prepared for service in the Home Squ&dror, and he is directed to proceed witb be>r to San Juan del Norte, Kicaragua. . " You will at aU times," the Secretary adds, afford protection to citizens of the United States, tatd their property, and should occasion arise, protect any vessels of the United Srates from search or detention on the high seas by the armed ships of any other power."The following letter from the Secretary to Capt. J a r m had not reached him at the time of the capture of the Mitamon steamere:NAVY DJEPAXTMINT, March 13, 1857, SrRi With a view to aiford the protection due our citizens at Vera Crnz the President hae directed the Hon. Mr. McLano, should a hostile force approach that place, and he should consider the American citizens there in danger from its operations, to Tequestthe com- manding officer of the United States vessels-of-war on that coast to land such lorces as may be needed, and **yn be spared from indispensable duties, and to em- ploy them for the protection of onr citizens whose persons or property he may believe to be in. danger. Should Mr. HcLane, therefore, ma*e of you, as senior commauding^otficer, the request which his instructions authorize him to do, you will promptly comply with it. Statements having been made which lead to the belief that arrangements are making, by what is known as the Miramon Government of Mexico, to establish ablockade at Vera Cruz, and other ports of the Golf of Mexico, the President has decided that no such block- ade w31 be recognized by the United States. You are, therefore, directed to employ the naval force under your comBand to afford American vessels free ingress and egrese at all Mexican ports, and fully to protect them."The same orders were sent to Capt. Farragut, com- manding the Brooklyn, and Commanders Turner, Jen- kins and Hazard, respectively eommasding the Sarar toga> Preble and Pocahontas. ^In eomuzunkating the document* relative to the course of Captains Jarvis and Turner in the seizure o the Miramon steamers, the Secretary adds, f* Upon the " facts stated in these official reports, the Department " approves of the conduct of both these gallant officers " and the officers and men under thoir command."Messrs. Barr, Irvine, Garnet*, Verree and Harris of Marykcod have been appointed a select Committee by the Speaker of the House on Mr. Burr's reaolntion for an mroetiaation oi certain contracts in connection wan the public stores oi New-York.Pennsylvania. I«egi*latitre.HAXSUSBUKO, Friday, Msrch 30 1860. The Senate bill for the. relief of the Sunburyand £ri» Bwflroad was negatived in the House to d*y onant. In view of the great increase of the Juvenile portion of the community, Brigham Young is starting public schools and academies. The Jordan Range ia mostly covered with snow. The weather was change- able, with storms of rain and snow.The Bfacdonough Will Case.NEW-ORLEANS, Friday, March 30,1860.A will purporting to have been left by the late mil- lionaire Macdoncufch, bequeathing $300,000 to a city watchman, has been produced, but is considered a for-stores."—The Herald is now engaged in rubbing down•>,5:..- the ojaattfon of its anal passage.a mill, for two years, for the completion and preser- fron*the distances and the directiontraveled*.-.- i?(t<'i*The Central Overland Mail, with Utah dateB to the8*-T -TheCarstang-Shaw Case.President, and we would have supported him with pleasure, had he not made one fatal blunder."around him. His speech, however^ waa- so low that but little could be understood.La Blance and Acker, though both ignorant andt \ brutal, could not muster courage for the 6eed without drinking rum freely^ and in each case this rum wae .tjI i- ST. LOUIS, Friday, March29, 1860. The evidence in the Carstang-Sbaw case was closed to-day, after which, by the plaintiffs request, the Court gave written hictrustions to the Jury previous tothe opening arguments. Mr.L.M.Shereve,fortheplaintiff,addressedtheJury five hours. His speech was followed by Mr. Clover, for the defcudanVwho is stall speaking. Mr. Lockland will continue for the defense, and Mr. Wright close for the plaintiff. The Court has given to counsel tw«nty-t ix hours for speeches. „The Court was occupied, in the Carstang-Shaw case to-day, in hearing the arguments of the counsel for the defense. Mr. Glover occupied the morning, aud waa rucceeded by Judge Lockland, who displayed great force and ability. Major Wright closes for the plaintiff to-morrow.FIRES.mKIRE IV CLINTOST STKKET.Last night, at 8 o'clock, n fire broke out in a frame shed in tbe rear of No. 170 Clinton street, which destroyed that and a number of other sheds belonging to D. B. Tappan. Also, a stable occupied by J. Gray.Before leaving this world, he said, he would ac- knowledge himself very much. indebted to his friends and the people who had takenan interest in his behalf;bought at licensed taverns, and not in any contrabanV j manner. .Loss, $500.* • "FIRE IN SOt'TII STREET.Shortly after 10 o'clock last night, a fire eccnrred in the store of Henry Glover, nautical instrument maker. Damage, $500; insured for $6,000, in the North Ameri- can and Union Insurance Cos. The stock in tbe second-hand hat etorty of P . O'Brien, in the basement, was damaged by water to the amount of $25. Insured. About $100 damage was done by water to the- ship stores of R. Goulard, In the store adjoining. The. origin of the fire has not yst transpired. ^ ^Tbe steel bell in the Park will be etniok, by permis- sion of the Fire Department and of th> city authorities, at 4 o'clock this afternoon, and on Monday and Tues- day next.his friends will have a good time in getting the rasca pardoned.apart the remaining tlvrae days. Polygamy is very extentrve. Mr. Pctheriek desiring to make one of thePro«»»r, ItaiDBwy, Sessions, Trumen, Warner.NAYS—Messra. Abell, Blood. Colvin, Connolly, Fiero, Gar-diner, Hammond, HUlbouae, Kelly, Ketcham, Lawrence, Mc- Graw, Maulerre, Montgomery, J. M. Murpby, Itobertuoni B-otcb, Spinolo. ' 'The substitute above was then read a third time, and paf-ned—20 to 10, as follows:61The railroad men say theyi would not object to this bill if they were permitted to charge the reduced price on the reduced milk; that is, on the quantity actually Bold to the purchasers in New-Y ork, feeling assured that the added Croton would more than compensate for the reduction.Eev. Mr. Van Cleue has been with him more th» A U y made in the interior of Africa in the years 1857 and. He hoped to meet them all in heaven. His first words one else.To amend chapter 312 of the Laws of 1859.anchored, and continued his route by laud in a south- the cross again, and tbe noes* was adjusted. The.to equalise assessments in detail, that is by increasing rivor was fertile and cultivated, in some partB cotton, or diminishing tho valuation on each nam© returned bythe town or ward assessors, instead of equalizing by being raised, whici is manufactored by 4he na-while. Loud sobs here huxaiiforth from a man.at die Count Razoumoffski, and to be entitled *jp the throneivania, and most of it was put into the hande of thewere informed that money passed into the hands of the State Committee, of which Forney was Chairman. They wished to know the names of subecribers to»the fund, and called upon him to furnish the names, whichneighbors, with or without provocation. But people who are familiar with the reckless andcommon use of deadly weapons among certain classes of our night- wandering, saloon-frequenting population, and the fre-ble's election in Haakin's district. His impression was that he had given to some person who had called upon him $50 or $100 toward the expenses of some meeting in that district. They also desired to know whether he was in an organization the object of which was to raise money to defeat Haakin, or whether money wasforward to the fust Committee of the Whole. to hen Crimmins, rushing into a rear room, seized a by a prisoner in our County Jail, named George Acker, Tbe Canal Appropriation bill was then taken up in know whether he had any conversation with the Pres- bayoneted musket, and with this weapon pursued who murdered an old man—one Isaac H. Gordon—rate the New-York and<Brooklyn Cab Company was ordered to the third readiDg.THE EXECUTION OF GEORGE ACKER.¥b4j complain, too, that while it was submitted tothe Cabinet, noconsultation was held with membersof the House, upon whom its effect was most im-mediately to fall. It is regarded as moat unfortu- road jrrant, and to construct the West aud South-street West streets, and from East Avenue C, were moved plied, not to his knowledge. They desired further to stone or stones through the windows of the' boose,On motion of Mr. McQUADE, the two remainingThe bills to confirm Geo. Law's Ninth-avenue Rail- Now-York City railroad bills, for roads from South aid raised in the Custom-House for that purpose. He re-pleted with a three-mill tax, he would vote for it, but " With regard to our prospects I can only now say amined the wounds, much physical force in inflicting amounting to less than $50. He not only talked aboutnot otherwise. He withdrew the motion to strike out that they are bright. If Connecticut is aroused she is the money, but showed it. His companion &rthwrth all appropriations but for the Erie Canal. After some always "right. Her reserved force is seldom drawn them. This the Jury called murder, for this the Judge resolved to possess himself of that money by murder-• -JLarjre Fire at Independence, Mo. more amendments had been proposed, out, but is sure for freedom and justice wben once m sentenced him to be hung, and' the Governor didnot ing its owner. It was late in the aft9raooaJJNDXPENDENCE, Mo., Friday, March 30—2 a. m. Mr. FLAGLER moved to strike out the clause the field. Already the entire State is in arms. Our find,, upon a review of'the case, circumstances svffi- when Acker started for Boonton, knowir/flr thai. A fire broke out here at about-11 o'clock last night, authorizing lock extensions. He urged on the majority vote will be unusually large, and we shall doubtless ciently extenuating to warrant his interference with Gordon -was soon to follow aloner the same road. Hawhich thus far has consumed nearly the whole south side of the city, and should the wind continue or in- crease it is feared that the west side will also be de- stroyed. Among the buildings burned are the Inde- pendence Hotel, two drug stores, ten or tlweve busi- ness houses, and seveial dwellings. The loss thus far cannot be less than $100,000, andthe fire is still raging. SECOND DISP ATCH.The fire of last night broke out in the drug-store of James Beckham, on the south-east corner of the pub- lic square, and in spite of all the exertions to stop it, it progressed until it destroyed every house on the east side and several dwellings in the immediate viciiiity. The wind was blowing a ^ale at the time, and large flakes of fire were carried naif a mile, several times setting fire to houses that distance from the conflagra- tion. At least twenty substantial buildings were burned. The probable loss is about $150,000.The following are some of the losers: J. Beckham, $12,500; inBUTed; J. Robinson, $2,500; no insurance; Robinson <fc Norris, $1,000; no insurance; Dr. Lath- more, $1,500; insured $300; J . F . Norris, $1,000; no insurance; W. & C. N. Thomas, $5,000; ho insurance;M. Sampson, $5,000; insured $1,500; J. &.J. Soldo- nells, $2,000; no insurance. M. Saldonell's residence was also consumed, upon which there was an insurance of $3,000. Langbam &. McClanahan, and D. W. McCJanaban, each lose largely, but the amount is not known. The house of Mr. Rodevalds, which was alao consumed, was valued at $20,000. Altogether the fire JBthe largest and most destructive that has ever occur-red in our city.ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Friday, March 30, I860.The fire at Independence yesterday was not so dis- astrous as at firrt reported. The amount of loss andinsurance is not yet ascertained.•The New-Haiven Republicans.NEW-HA VEN, Friday, March 30, I860. The Republicans are holding two large meetings hereof the whole the fulfilling of the pledges to tbe people, to guard against unnecessary expenditure, and exercise strict economy. •give a larger Republican majority than hitherto since tbe Fremont campaign. Our Governor was elected last year by about 1,800 majority. This year he willthe course of the law.met one John Jackson Norris of Barriton, and a voumfOn Thursday night, before the execution, Crimmins lady. He was seen coming out of the saw mill witb Mr. O. ALLEN advoca+ed the lock extension as have [robably not lees than 2,500, possibly 3,000 to did not retire until midnight, being attended by his a stout club, intending to use it. but afterword barnecessary to secure the full benefit of the enlargement. Messrs. DECKER, WILDER, DICKINSON, PECK, CONCKLLNG, and D. WRIGHT favored the motion to strike out. the clause, and denounced ths long.dock scheme as one to advance private interests.changed his plan. In a little'while Gordon came priestj and exclusively exercised as to matters concern- along, and Acker joined him. At a point iu the roading enother world. Not even Iris wife was with him, where he could see a long distance both ways^h»lature.—At the New-Jersey Democratic Convention, on her to be troubled by anything that would draw his Gordon back of the ear. The man fell, and his mur-Mr. LITTLEJOHN spoke in favor of the lock ex- Wednesday, William Wright, BeDJamin Williamson,derer threw him over the roud fence. Jdst at Hue attention from what was most important for him to' moment one Susan Taylor came along, and saw atension, and declared that Senator Proseer was deserv- ing of thanks from the State of New-York for originat- ing it.James W . Wall, and John C. Rafferty were appointedconsider. He took a cup of tea at about 11 o'clock, and4,000.""The writer is equally confident of carrying the Legis-delegates at large to tho Charleston Convention. Reso-Mr. MILLIKEN spoke in favor of the Erie Canal, lutions of tbe usual character were adopted. One of mind. He Bpoke little. When the final telegram ar-middling large man standing by the fence with some- thing dark at his teet, but she was so much frightened ss not to identify the man, or tell what was at his feet. This tes.hnony was considered almost incredible, but the prisoner is said to have admitted the fact since the trial. He carrted the body, diner-pail, and bat of his victim to a clump of of woods near at hand, cut his victim's throat and rifled his pockets. He left tbe body there, intending to re- turn at night and burv it. He now returned to theand against the extension scheme. . these favored a tariff' for protection purposes, and After a protracted debate, the long-lock section wasrived from Albany, fixing bis doom beyond the power stricken out. The tax was reduced from 11-20 to i another recommended William C. Alexander, who was of change, he simply remarked, rather bitterly, that hemill, and the bi'l ordered to a third reading. defeated for Governor in 1856. as a candidate for the thought- tbe Governor^ might have extended mercy The South and West-street aud East Avenue C.Rail- Vice-Presidency. Indeed, nearly all who figured toward him. He supposed however, that it was allroad bills were referred to be reported complete.From Our Own Correepoadent.ALBANY, Friday, March 30, 1860. PRO RATA.When the Pro-Rata Freigbt bill came up for. its finalreading in the Senate to-day, Mr. McGraw moved torecommit with instructions to strike out all after theenacting clause and insert a substitute, and report the Charleston Convention, who have made contracts for ward took a sparing breakfast. None, were admitted' I kill this one terrible witness who was then in his power.prominently on the occasion are "lame ducks." Gen. Wright, who presided, was defeated for Governor;right. ..>..at $500, be the time longer or ehorter, where they are going to forniBh their own liquor, cigars, and barbers, which will save fifty ce-nts for each drink and shave and twenty-five cents for each cigar, making, no doubt, a big item in the aggregate. The " Bourbon," the real double " B," and the " Longworth," have al-private interview, budo box- on afFootionato odian, and excitement he put the bills he got from Gordou into the left the prison with her friends. die pocket of the overalls, and sunk it. The goldafterward. Thus Acker, could have realized eitherto the Governors of the several States, with the re- best speakers, and I should judge the best organization. erected the day before. It was the gallows used in mmder. This was the" first installment of retribution.quest tha', the subject be bronght to the attention of He npw left his house and went to hide the body of the Legislatures of the several States. Eliaha Smith, the able Chairman of the.State Commit- the execution of Saul, Hewlett, Hoar; Bodgers, Ste- bis victim. In his confession he declares it was aWhite the substitute WHS being read, Mr. Truman tee, is ut the head of the working forces. He has dis- phens, and others, this being the twelfth? hangingfer horrible meeting when that night he stumbled againstopenly that its a mere matter of dollars and cents withthe Democrats; and Mr. Byron Spr9gue, in speakingof the ruinous tendencies of the principles of the Repub-lican party, stated that the rule of that party in thisState had cost the calico printers (the Spragues)Sheriff.ner, Daicraond, Hitthouse, Kelly, Ketcham, Laphkm, J^awrencc, $500,(00, and now they mean to get it back. The Sberiff; next the prisoner, dressed in the us aal hang-Democrats accuBe Padelford. of beiug an Abolitionist, of indorsing the Helper book, and of advising offensive measures against the South. T o this the Republicans set up a general denial, and follow it up by stating that, while the law which makes ten houra a day legal working time'is in full force. Sprague makeB his men work three- quarters of an hour longer, and that he would like to keep them twelve or fourteen hours a day; also, that in the villagea or towns where his works are, he won't allow the nasn to keep cows, but compels them to buy their milk at the Company'sman's cap, and otherwise in his-own well-worn Sunday *nit of broadcloth, attended on each side by Sheriffs Vnltee ai.d Stephens, and followed by his spiritual ad- visers, tbe Eev. Fathers Duranquet and Mignard of St. Xavier's Roman Catholic Church in Sixteenth street, and Father Sanguinetti, pastor of the Italian Roman Catholic population of the city, formerly worshiping in Canal street.They were followed by Deputy Sheriffs-Donnelly, Crombie, Cornell, Kelly, Murphy, Anderson, Riley, Dreahr, Smith, Watson, Donahue, Shanley and Hor- ton; next came the Coroners, the Board of Supervisors, who acted in their usual capacity as a.jury, and the Physicians.He is a large man full six feet in stature, muscular, ;|In relation to legislative stationery. (Authorizes theClerks of the Senate and Assembly to purchase neces-sary stationery instead of going to the Controller gerous to curry him rough any longer, and therebyforit.J drive him into the Opposition ranks. It accordingly them, and the prisoner and the priests- knelt for aJudge Douglas as gently aa possible, judging.it dan-The Sheriffs formed a circle with their staves before To incorporate the Corn Exchange Warehousing terms him " a brilliant man, an experienced statesman, minute or two repeaing prayers. An. aged lookingCompany.To regulate the rate of milk freight on the New-Yorkand Erie and th6 Harlem Railroids.Mr. Lawrence moved to recommit this biU, with in-structions to strike out the enacting clause, which waslost. The bill was forcibly and strenuously advocatedby Messrs. Robertson and Ketchum, and opposed bvLawrence and others, and finallv passed, 18 to 6. Itprovides that the Erie Railroad Company shall notcharge more than three-fourths of one cent por quartfor transporting milk on their road between OtisvUle,Orange County, and New-York; and that the HarlemRoadshallnotchargemorethanthree-fourthsofacent per quart between Millorton Station, DutchessCounty, and New-York. / This is a reduction of one- White Nile to the equator, and also of some journeys sion, and hoped God would have a*ercyon his souL pare him for his fate. The Methodist clergymar «,the ' fourth of a cent on the rates charged by each road.a etroDg campaigner, and one of the real representa-tive minds which give the republic its force and indi-viduality of character. He would have made a capital dressed a few words to those who were standingGEOGRAPHICAL.At the last seesipn of tbe Royal Geographical Society tbey had all been very kind to him; might God bless,The hanging to-day was by means of weights, why jh jerked theT body np violently, braking the u<y ,k. " SheriffVanNesshasbeenveryattentivetohisy.rf^." oner, instructing him and doing what he could to pr^_ "4 themurderofDennisMcHenry,washingintheprfeon- jlargeJydilated,,showingthatthiswaethecase,batyaid of the'Tdmbs, in the presence of the Board of So- 1 his eyes remained clear as these of a livfcg'artHL Theas he desired to think nothing of matters of this world, wized a stone and threw it with all his might, hittingappeared to be in an easy and unexcited condition ofHis manner was firm, though concerned, and he aprWilliam Wright, ditto for the United States Senate; peared resolved to meet his fate like a man. He was road, and perceiving be had blood on his overalls, be;John Huyler and James W. Wall, for the House of Representatives, and Benj. Williamson for the Chan- cellorehip. . » •scraped up some mud from the road to cover it. AX this, John Jackson Norris on his return, found him, noticed the blood on bis clothes and hands, and also hisattended during the night by Keepers Finley and Kel-logg, and two Deputy Sheriffs, who were relieved at 2o'clock by two others. His sleep was calm and un- excited conduct. Norris's hat blew off, and Acker—The Ohio and other Western delegations to the disturbed: At G o'clock he awoke, and shortly after- • brought it to him, and the wonder is that he did notThe substitute provides for the appointmont.by the mencing on the 20th, have secured a private building of the morning were spent principally in devotional lowed.the tow-path of the canaL In order to get ridGoverror and Senate of three Corumiss'.oners, to holdtheir office Tor one year, who shall meet with similarCommissioners, who may be appointed by other States,to deviae and digest the project of a law to establishand eeenre uniform and equitable rates of compensationto be charged by the Railroad Companies of this Statein common with the rail ways of other States for thetransportation of property over such roads, and reporttheir proceedings, together with tbe plan which shall ready gone on from Cincinnati. The Charleston con- numbers, were bronght in and stationed in single file •nothing or next to nothing for his murder.of his bloody overalls, he rolled a stone iu them a»d exercise*. He was visited by his. wife,. and, after a' :cset them into the canal. It is supposed that in hiepiece he lost through a hole in his pocket, and tais waa gathered abouf the side entrance to the- Tombs, and* TOwna the saxi>e day anu restored to Gordon's familyAs tbe time of the execution approached, a crowdpolicemen from several adjoining precincts, in bargesecluded and gloomy." Hangman's Alley." the necktie, and dragged it back to the fence, taking the pail and hat, but leaving some otherAgainst the wall running along Elm street was things which, were afterward found. He then shoul-A tmarched solemnly out of the door of the central prison huDding, and aronnd tbe northern walls, approaching the gallowe. First came the Sheriff and the Under-20 , minutespast 9, thefollowingproceseioncrucifix in the left hand of-the prisoner was reverently kissed by him, after which they all rose, and head-1858. In the latter part of 1858, he started up the Nile, wore uttered* vwth muchfirmnet**,but his upaboganaccompanied by a numerous armed escort of Arabs and qus-veriDg as he proceeded. He hoped bis wifeand chil- Tux SK>:I.XTON iff THE PALACX.—-The 'Causeritnegroes. After ascending the river for, 400 miles in', a dr*n would be jprovidedfor, andalso the wife and chil- Rufxe contains some interesting details of the > betrayalsouth-west direction, he arrived at a hake, whore he dren of the man whom he hadililled. He then kissedof Mi#s Tarakanoff by Gregory Orloff, one f the fa- 0vorites of Catherine II. This lady, who cb dmed to be Ibis bill requires the county Boards of Supervisors erly direction to the equator. The country along the priests and prisoner murmured prayers together mean- the natural daughter of the Empress Ef izabeth andtowns.Messrs. Spinola, Blood and GOBS asked and obtainedleave to have their names recorded against the Schny ler County bill, which was pasted yesterday.PARDON OF A TICKET SWINDLER.I understand that strong efforts are being made forthe pardon of Fowler, tho ticket-swindler. I presume living together the first four days of the weak, and with the exception of a pow«-iul drawing up. of the ] itei'Orioff, in pursuit other, enjoining hrja to bring herback to Russia dead or alive. Orloff. pretending that pended a minute or two. The crucifix dropped out of he had fallen into disgrace, put ni'^nself into relation*THE RECENT TENEMENT CALAMITY.point without permission of the House, the vote there- census disclosed the fact that he had ninety persons in The rope waa cut, tiie body wrapped in a canvas cov-for being 58 to 51. his family, Mr. Petherick had no means of catenating Tho House, in Committee, took up the Canal Ap-*ering, and carried .into an adjoining shed used for the propriation bill, which levies a tax of ll-20tha of latitude and longitude, but ho judged that he reaohM cccupancy of night-lodgers, and was then given invct;on of the eftuals.A long debate ensued upon uThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentprisoner's right, whoprovedto have been.anintimatie- friend.of Russia by virtue of a will of Elixabr.thV whiwh, she said Catherine had destroyed, traveled t'nrougbTarkey, Greece, Germany, and Italy in search of a government which would espouse her cause. CatJLtcrin *, wboee per*tives. The trees belonged principally to. -the-sycamore and mimosa family, aud there &p~peared to be gieat abundance of the necessariesof life. In one of the tribes Mr. Petberick fousd a again with a jerk wbach dislocated his v***- -Me tfetent efforts to entrap' her give prol>abilKy to her very singular custom prevailing, husbandeand wives dangled about without any convubaV* movement*, rtory,failinginallothermeans,at buxg^tl h0rfavorThe next instant the buogman's ax severedand the culprit dartei up into theafc, coming d«jrasithe.To^that was everleardterrible rumor has r ^ ^ t n a t %w a s h e r gk^ton whichwaa*>und walk/, n p in a d^^ fa thft paj,^ 0f z^Oh | charge of, Mr. John Carroll, undertake*, Tne &oe. k*«-JKcl» while fitting the apartment of the h*cedit»ryI Grand Duke.and extremely ignorant. He cannot read or write a word. He is a native of Haverstraw, and hue for many years been very intemperate aud abandoned, He leaves a wife and four children. He is thirty-four years old.'. He manifested great firmness during the trial, -a>i at times since has shown signs of regret, but his gwaraX demeanor has not been what might be expected under the circumstances.His execution wss private in the sense of its being bt the Work-house jard enclosure, in the presence of I some 300 persons. As usual in such cases, there was a> rush for the tickets, several thousand persons havingapplied.This is the third execution within the present centu-ry. Many years ago a negro woman was hung f«xr murdering her mistress while the family were absent. > The second was La Blanc, a foreigner, who murderwt the Sayre family, under circumstances of peculiar atrocity! , , -.IHe penmaded her *e gothere the R u ' , ^ Rear Admiral arrestedi;*£ www.fultonhistory.com—a——at 