 I'rope. In Virginia, as has been seen, a non- intercourse bill has been reported to the House of Delegates, which renders the sale of Northern merchandise next to impossible. In North Ca- rolina it is stated that the large tanners are es- tablishing shoe manufactories In connection with their works, for the purpose of supplying the negroes with brogans, thus killing a lucra- tive branch of Massachusetts manufacturing in- dustry. We have received on this subject the following letter, which indicates the earnestness of the conviction that prevails at the South as 10 the expediency of this non-intercourse policy:—10 THE EDITOB OF THE KKW VOBX HERALD. NOFVOI a, Va.. Jan. 80,1800.f]III» aftr/tr: *. v.SHMZi e ' e V ttWKSMtrthe lean ot *H0 000 recently contracted.In the Court of flyer and Terminer yesterday £ ? iaiv in iL* casft *f .i^i>n rvimmmej tried fbr the matder of Dennis McHenry, tendered*iverdletef guilty of murder against the prisoner, with a re-cumulated for them. Besides this, the election of Forney as Clerk, with all his corrupt aatece- dtets, his long continued antagonism to the party whose support heTOr* seeks, and cis very1JIa I5hTlhnT\ltoL Vor?»!>:•j.'Hililf'W|«;.j'»"''.-.i,m- "-.IP^t;ii.i»» .1.1..pfiyL—jui',i»»»..,tpiui,jinmii; inn. i1 ....»..,.u..LB'»«f,' jw — T T1 " '".->••'j".;".• - .'Bo :J have an apparent bualiance M-:\V YORK HERALD. t© 45573,but thoit iade^^^*,, ^ ^«aSnpt M *-«r«fe«4 <w«db>»%M«» comnwaeatien to mercy. The prl&oncr was re- dosbtful present position inpolWcs.wIHamountrent to public censure, and the Poet Office Do of the city, has invited tikis invasion of the partnient, which has the power of holding them rights of New York, Had It been faithful tomandedtorsentence. TheUialofMortimerShay, r8e£-*AID tedieted for the murder of Jthn Leary, or. the FivePacific mails by sea and overland are trans- mitted with unfailing regularity, thc*e between New Orleans and New York are subject to de- tentions of the most capricious and annoying character. As an example of the wayin which the system works, we may mention the fact that our 'newspaper exchanges of the latest dates frequently arrive a week or ten days ahead of tho previous issues, so that, wore it not for our telegraphic despatches, it would bosame condition, toe Legislature would not dare II interfere with those sources ci legitimate revenue to the city. As the matter now stands, the public have little interest in the dispute, for it is of very little consequence to the people by which class of robbers they are flsapaflofl. That they will be plundered by one or list other is certain; and it is only a choice of evils.sr*w, • rj. MT au;-v t4j*r (•*-!«•».fc« A* parte/ two* aVOaft*. Points, on the evening of tie 23d of November taeir own party, and will gire a new Impulse•I <£•<»«0r* »«4«/^«iAiM4i stte/iadkmoa^sssoj**£b ft*>.*«• Jrat TAUtiri%*Ai.D m " ft »w mmnumVJfTAMT noBMsmrwiWanfOK mnt,m.\n$Ml frmm mtv fmntir */ lA« §k<r*rirnU for D^On'fOWUri rntm^itT Beawsw te •*** u MB* Bf »T OS-A"0 AOT7C*tmhmmf am r*«"9 *4*kti inwmiiInWi ADYEBTMrMMXT* r*tmud (m At Wpxu.i Ht«f JO* ~AVtrnxtsmwrm/ve aABDnr. Broad war.-Co©**-s MotXL AJtru-to the!r waning fcrtnses,The cece^sity of changirg from Sher-The uial of James Tracy, of Jersey City, chargedwirh attempting to commit an outrage upon Sarah t-epablicaa to a more conservative man In A Rxddick, a girl twelve years eld, in October last, their party, amounts to a complete over- was commenced yesterday in Httdscn county, N. J.,THIS xrxsaca.ROWCBTTHEATER-BfWerf.--Cos»HU« BtMUH-A rightcome to their assistance so long a« they ad sion shows a very small return for what it costs effort would be made to forward them in time. hered to the ultra positions and abolition affili- to maintain it. The loos and inconvenience caused by theseationsintowhichSewardhadcarriedhisfol The BSTec-t of tlaw Aiiti-Slnvery Crusade detentionsto ourmerchantsarethesubjectofagainst tour that tho delegates to the Chicago Convention bo elected by a State Convention, which is to meet at Syracuse on the 18th ofTit*, or BLoeo-OooaKAmaeOsarruuiA*.-fV I I T D QABnBH. Broadway,Ol-i»S»*»»l- i:WAIiaOn-S THEATRE. »»*»»/• -ROJLL«c* or AT.vXamamtUM.L t U B A KKSinCM ra*4fTM, tM Rroadway.-JsAmB I » u * iwtW BOWERY THEATRE lowejT.-©u> MA* or TBS • r-.UIS-OOLDSM ASa^lOBJrWWl OOStPlBATOBS.At the various cattle yards yesterday beef cattlewere in active demand at an advance of 4c. a Jc.per poasd, prices tanging from 6c. to lOjc. a He.Milch cows were plenty, and in moderate request at gress to the rule of a factious and fanaticalon Property ana Conunerca at the daily outcry. They cannot see any reason, Bfuith. nor do w«» why the malls from St Louis to SanI k * M !••».•—1.00*1.* B»»I>II> Boon.BRTANTff MtRBTRRLS, Mechanics HAIL 471 Broadway- BJn*i*iOB»,Soxes,DjJica.«e.-WiCoaxFao*ratHILLS.ports, since the first of September last, hsve reached 2,768,000 bales, against 2,889,000 in 1859, 1,873,000 in ISM and 1,048,000 ta 1867. The exports have reached 1 6C6,COO bales sgalnst 1,190,000 in 1869, 777,000 in 1858one but the department can be fairly held marked,.being for Seward. Said Mr. Strong: and the demand for other articles will diminish responsible. To show how injuriously to mer- "There was but one opinion in the party in theconfirmed the appointments of Messrs. SchultE,Benedict, Anable, Whiting and Hasten as HarborMasters, and Messrs. Thatcher and Seaman as Port banner of Sherman, on the outrageous prin- Wardens. - ciples of Helper's incendiary book, and, con-mercial projects by which it is intended to as- ed, but they might have gone farther and havesert and maintain their commercial indepen-dence of the North. Many of these are being done bettor by including the managers of theThe steamship City of Manchester, which left fident in their numbers, proclaimed that they Liverpool on the 11th, and Queenstown on the af- would not give him up till the trump of Gabriel ternoon of the 13th nit, for this port, put into St sounded. For eight long weeks they held their John«, N. Fn yesterday, for a supply of coal. Sheactually carried out, and large amounts of capi-tal are being invested in them, in the beliefthat the indignation excited by the John Brownraid, and the aggressive designs of the buckrepublicans, will lead to a permanent severanceof the interests of these two sections of theUnion. In New Orleans cotton mills are aboutbeing put in operation, and pledges are beingrailroad in their condemnation, who, according to the facts elicited, must have been aware that the engine of the damaged train was ia an un- fit and imperfect condition. The jury censure the brakeman, Hartley, for not hastening back to warn the coming train of danger, and they censure the engineer of that train for runningso fast when he knew that the train before him was propelled by an imperfect engine. Now,experienced unusually rough weather. By this ar-rival we have one day a later European news. Itwas rumored that the European Congress wouldmeet on the 15th inst, that Cardinal Antonelli hasresigned his post in the Papal Ministry, and thatt, commercial treaty had be*>n concluded between truly to the virtue they professed to have, a Prance and England. The French funds were national man, unaffiliated in any way with the buoyant: the directws of the Bank of England had republican party, would have been elected; held a meeting, and adjourned without raising theentered into by the merchants of that city toimport all their foreign goods direct from Eu- it is evident that if the engineer knew the locoj ute of interest, and the news of a stringency in the Wail street money market had slightly in- fluenced the English funds.There are four steamers, with six days later news from Europe, now due at American ports. They left Europe in the following order, and, as will be seen from their days! of sailing, must hare had fery roughweather:—but their sudden throwing off of the cloak/of hypocrisy gave the republicans time to retreat from their advanced position, and by throwing overboard Sherman, Helper, and Seward's irre- pressible conflict, to bring forward a candidate untainted with the fanaticism of his party.And in his election there is an anomaly which should not go unmarked. It was brought abdut by the defection from the support of theName. FromJoan Bell. GtaSKOW..America Liverpool sad Cork.. 'Jan. 14. Boston.K AmertOAB Liverpool a i d Cork.. I Jan. 18 •Portland.C of BaWss'e Liverpool.., IJan. 18. !Ncw York.If the John Bell lftlt Glasgow on the 4th of January, aa advertised, she has been at sea twenty- nine days to-day.a constituency which, with the exception of some pure Southern district, is as much op- posed to the principles of the black republi- can party as any other in the country. Mr. Briggs is not only a member from the great commercial metropolis of the Union, but hisThe steamship Africa sailed from this port yes- district comprises those wards in this city terday lor Liverpool, irfth 31 passengers and $3&,- where a very large portion of our merchantsYour Raleigh (N. C.) correspondent in last Saturdays HERALD states that several of the tanners of North Caro- States \)e too confident that they may not lina have established shoe manufactories ia connection with their tanneries, and that they turn out a good article for negroes at $1 60. He does not name their localities or post efflces. Will you therefore be so kind as to give me the name of your correspondent:- I have a family of twenty four negroes, for whom 1 boy annually, from000 in specie.We hare interesting letters from our corres-dwell and vote.Twentieth wards, running from Sixth avenue to the North river, and from Hamersley to Fortieth street, are inhabited to a great extentsoon share the same fate. The desti- ny of the North hangs on (he will of the South. Our statesmen have often said that by an act of Congress refusing to sell England cotton, that country could be;uined.anj driven to revolution in six months. By & refusal df the South to sell cotton to the Northern States the same effect would be produced here. And to this complexion It will come at last, unless thegulf that now yawns between North and Southpondent in Buenos Ayres, dated on the Ifith ofDecember. England was pursuing her difficultieswith Paraguay, and one of her naval officers had ac-tually seised the Paraguayan war steamer Tacuari, by those prosperous New York merchantsthat Sia«o vastly more inimical in spirit to ut of the Soeththan Great Britain—even ta time of actual hostilities—ever was to our whole country, I aaa unwilling, as aSouthern man, to contribute any longer my mite—as IhavekatfbeenuO.'ug—totilea.»(aasustenanceofsuch duewithDverpooidatesofthe18thalt WeatherCoin nunatttral enemies, and am perfectly wl":^! to pay theas a sort of reprisal for the sinking of the Britishmerchant vessel Little Polly, in the Parana, in down town to lose an hour or two on lisis. The war steamer was agafat released, how- election day to vote. They have, therefore, the •ver. General Cuahman, United States Minister to pleasure of congratulating themselves that, not-North Carolina manufacturer eves S2, or more, for his shoes, if that price shall be found necessary to tftnlrETh and continue bis business. Hence my application to yon to be put en rajppori u iU> your Raleigh cor respondent.C H.. [Name and New York references enclosed.)It remains to be seen whether the back brack movements of tho black republicans will suc- ceed in arresting the steps which are beingand calm. •Railroad Disasters.ACCIDENT ON THE PHILADELPHIA, WrLHINOrON AITO BALTIMORE RAILROAD.•nsansasn, Feb. 1, lsea. Sua mornmg, about half-past two o'clock, as toe traiafrom Philadelphia reached the 8>»snehaana river, tho oa press, mail and sleeping cars passed as nana! on tho ferry boat, bat from too much headway the express ear went over into deep water, the truck railing on the deck of UwAt th« meeting of theevening a reeomtioei wasleasrng of awaassea ha B ihaBsrsi street, fa the Thirdward. tar five years, at 11,000 a year,. ami appro* stronger vote than any other member of theircial independence. The wound inflicted bytheir suicidal proceedings evidently ranklesdeeply In the Southern breast, and it will taketime and a good deal of soothing before mat-ters can be restored even to the unsatisfactory storm, delayed the arrival of the tram here till n \ o ' cn*tetiB«**»«> i t ttem tor the establishment of Ve other bejpjoesnof interestThe Whsj General Oommittee of thiscisymet lest eveninf, am! agreed tosead aBve to attend the YLrginia Whig Staleto be beid at BiehmoBd oa the Kd fastThe ConueiseioaeN of Easigratkmregular meeting yesterday at Castle Gardea. applkratjea was received from Dr.that the money whkh he has paid for rent ho ls> funded to him. on the gjound that the law aUews kim a house, rent freeJ The paper was retorted to Ire Castle Garden Committee.l u of May amounts to about 11400.atateiiMtn ahesmd the aamhssWu daring the pest week to be 614. which makes•nmBKJ^PP*rty. Cm this pleaSeward and Thiirlow Weed bis retention; the frjoimd shrieked, in his behalf, and theto oavo Ml on book, But the weight ami heavier, until at of the overthrow of the breaking ofOn itstheand Printer, respectively, of the rottenneessand weakness of thishave been shown in the defeat of Sherman; andcondition in which they stood previous to the John Brown foray.THE CITT RAILROAD AX» THE LBMSLATI RE.— Tho Common Council are making an effort to induce Governor Morgan to veto thebill which has passed both branches of tho Legislature, taking from them all control over future rail- road grants in this city, and vesting the sole power in the hands of the Legislature. They think it very unfair that they should be time deprived of such a placer of jobbing, and that the Legislature at Albany and the lobby should enjoy a monopoly of toe diggings in which such largo lumps of gold haveACCIDENT o n n o t GRASP TECHE RAILBOAD. MOXTRBAL, Feb. 1,1SO0An accident occurred on tho Pertland aW)roajl,n*»r t U boundary hue, yesterday. Tne baggage car of a traa was thrown down an eighty foot aossontaaesn taw oa press mail conductor was irjured, but not very serwuoiyAdditional the Pnclflc.M. Lorn, Feb. 1,1803.last, wai then proceeded with, and will be con- cluded today:Court of Oyer and Terminer. bly be concluded to-day.The case will proba-Ucaa tactics. Sherman was his candidate,Helper is his follower, and a teacher of hkicreed. They have failed, and with them disap-pears the biutal and bloody philosophy of thoRochester manifesto. The republicans havebeen forced to seek for aid la the commercialAmong our business notices will be found a statement of Messrs. Goodyear and Judson in regard to the deputed title to the elastic vnlcantaedrubber got da. We and the public are wearied with this eudless controversy. Why do not Goodyear and Day settle this question in the courte betweenhemselres, and let innocent purchasers and the public alone until it is ascertained who owns theof whkh it is very hard to my which is toast THE REFTBLICAX PREsrorsTTAL GosrvxKTTojr$2j a $5© a 06J per head. Veals were moderately active at 3Jc. a 7c, including all kinds. Sheep and lambs were also active at $2 50 a S3 for inferior tos«o< d, and t"> 26 a $7 for good to prime and extra. Swine scarce and active, at r»Jc. a CJc, Including all kind*. The receipts amounted to 2,649 beefcat-minoiity have done their work well, and won the first great victory in the rising contest be. tween the right and the wrong in politics. It is the presage of further triumphs and of tho ultimate rule of reason and the conservatiTf elements in the Union.Tne Charleston Convention*-The Note est sends $1 000,000 worth of shoes Into that Statedesert region, should travel with certainty andBROADWAY BOUDOIR* tM BrO*dW»T.-lKELt*»AS tle,129milchcows,417vealcalves,andC,S12sheepAs regularity in the transmission of the malls stratesthisfact. He saysMassachusettsalone is one ofthe first conditions ofsuccesstoaIT WIS—Fous SISKBS.TUR4TBB FBANCAIS, S» Br«Uwaj.-L4 Jois OB Mii-oi-C»MoauicaIT»siDAM.and lambs.lie cottcD market yesterday was tame, and tLe tor.e oftLe ncarktt considered more favorable for purchasers,though without any decided change in quotations. Thecommercial community, our business mennatu- annually,butthattheprobabilityis,evenif rallychafeatastateofthingsforwhichnoBABWDITB AMERICAN MTJSBUM. Broadway -AftST- saks embraced about 1,200 bales. The receipts at the M . n - r u i t l l DAS*AST«—vJoiDBS FABMSK. &VeaiUg—L.Athere should be no secession and no blows, not half that amount will be taken next year,valid excuse can be offered,, and for which noPIBLOTI BALOOW. BTOB4W»T -OBO, CtaBiSTT'S BT«- and 802,000 in 1867. The stock on hand amounted toMII» i* Bowes, Di.'fccB, BnBi«**c«», ac.-llBA DAX'S 1,040,000 bales, against 900,000 in )85», 576,000 in 1868, liiv TKAXCAJXBro»USO,port and drawn against by a bill of exchange.their advantage. It is like throwing the Brit- The first letter of exchange is usually accom- Caesidy A Co. as regards the delegates toroOPER INf»TirUTE —I . « m u BT HBSST Bi fcm«, LOOT•»©*• A*|Bo»«« DAL* OW*5.Witsand 817,0G0 in 1867. Messrs. Wright &Co., in their cir- cular by the Africa, state that the public sentiment si the Southhassettledinagreatdegreeuponacropof4,l0O,0C0 bales, and It is supposed that, after February has passed, the receipts wm begin to decline. Exports are large, showing an excess over last year for the same period. The exports to France are in excess of last year, and willCharleston. The Republican Albany Regency for negotiation. It occupies ten days or a takes ail power out of the hands of the people,fortnight in transmission, owing to tne deten- and gives them no voice whatever in the choicetions to which it is subject by the irregulari- of delegates. This is what was done before ties of the mail contractors, and thus the by the Albany Democratic Regency. Both Re-parties to the transaction are cheated of so gencies want to have the packing of the re-Hew Tvrk, T h w i d s y , February », 1860.The Vews.The newsfromWaAata/?ton this morningIs high- soon increase, as there are fifty-four vessels loadmg atSouthern ports for tint country, against thirteen last year. ly imi or tint Tie struggle for tine Speakership of To other places the exports are slightly behind those of last the Home ended at three o'clock yesterday after- year, but promise soon a considerable increase, aa there are noon with the election of Mr. Penningtion, of New seventy-three vessels loading in Southern ports (or other Jersey a repnblican of moderate tiews. He re- foreign countries, against fifty -one at the same time in ceived 117 votes, exactly the number necessary to 1867, thus showing that there are no less than 137 ves- effect an election. He wai conducted to the chair sels loading with cotton for foreign markets in the South- by Messrs. Bocock and Sherman, and delivered a ern seaport towns. Flour was in some better request, and sales were to a fair extent, chiefly to the domestic trade, while prices were without change of moment. Wheat was dull and prices were nominal. Corn was firmer,much interest for that period—the frequency of these occurrences making up a heavy aggre- gate of losses at the end of the year.spective national conventions. The Republi- can Regency, consisting of Weed A Co., per ceive that among the rank and file of tho party in this State there is a revulsion against Seward, and that the Union and conservativewell conceived address to the House. The members were then sworn in by delegations. A proposition to proceed to the election of a Clerk, another to ap- point a committee to notify the Senate that the Boose was ready to proceed to business, and the Introduction of a bill making an appropriation for Post Office deficiencies), were severalty offered anddiscussed ; bat the House, without acting upon either subject, agreed to adjourn till Friday, and in the meantime the candidates tor the subordinate offices of the House wfll be selected. Nothing of importance occurred m the Senate yesterday.ThenewsfromAlbanyisinteresting.Among the bills introduced in the Senate yesterday was one amending the Metropolitan Police act From the sj nopals of this bill, which we publish else- where, it will be seen that the projectors of thisThe South regards New England, at this moment, very much in the samethe convenience of the public to their own in- terests. We can hardly blame them, however, if the supervising power appointed to watch over such matters neglects its duty or connives at their neglect As a general thing, our go-this would be developed strongly in the elec- tion of delegates by the people in the Congres- sional districts, and they are determined not to give it a chance. They will smother the popu- lar voice, and rule the party with a rod of iron, and a despotism akin to that of the Emperor of Austria or of the Russian Czar. The postpone- ment of the Chicago Convention to the middle of June is designed, as we have shown in a former article, to favor Seward, by allowing time for the storm rising against him to blow over;andtheelectionoftheNewYorkdele-while sales were moderate. Pork was in good request and at firmer rates; new moss sold at 918 12,'i,new prime at $14, and old do. at $12 a $12 25 Sugarswere slack, and sales confined to about SCO hhds. at ratesgiven in another column. Freights were firm. Amongthe engagements to Liverpool were4,o0H) bu&hete of wheat,in bags, at 6; d , 500 bales cotton at 7-82d., with cheese, :beef and bacon at steady prices. 600 bushels wheat were taken by steamer, for Galway, on private terras.and oppressor, and it is determined to fight itfirst in a war of trade and commerce, and af- vernment does not pay sufficient attention tomeasure contemplate a complete remodelling of the great conservative elements to victory strong radical ground on which Mr. Charles hostility may be looked for at any mo- the Police Commission. It provides for an entirelytives but too frequently stand in the way of is no man the national and conservative ele-new Board of Commisjdoners, and excludes the over the revolutionary designs of the aboli- O"Conor stands—namely, that it Is a beneficentment" Southern capitalism and manufac- turer."., taking advantage of the times, will fan the flame, and establish native factories in every State. Cotton, woollen, iron and leather will be wrought in every shape and form, and the South will soon establish its independence of the North as completely as if a wall of brass were built up to heaven on Mason and Dixon'slice.New England will feel the effects of herfolly most; but New York and Pennsylvania will also reap the bitter fruits of the injustice to the South which is now .being perpe- trated by the citizens of Northern States. Un- less a war should prematurely precipitate the coining calamity, it will take some time to accomplish the complete destruction of Northern commerce. But it will sink, day by day, and hour by hour. The railroads will soon feel It. The shipping interest en- gaged in the carrying trade of the South, three- tourths of which is Northern, will feel ItReal estate in New York will not bring twenty- five cents on the dollar of its present value. Stocks will be depreciated, and every interest will suffer. The South will build its own ships and carry its own merchandise; and till that can be achieved, English, French and other foreign bottoms will obtain a preference over those of Yankeedom. Thus will manufactures and commerce receive a new and mighty im- petus at the South, and its vast resources become so developed In a few years as to daz- zle the world; while, on the other hand, the commerce and prosperity of the North will rapidly fall, and the population, from wealth and prosperity, sink into poverty and decay. Other great republics have fallen by their folly and their crimes. Let not the Northerned at, because they may happen to control a few votes in their respective neighborhoods. Such laxity, it is needless to add, is ruinous to the interests of any community which devotesteelf specially to commercial pursuits.7tionlzed black republican party. institution. He demands that the Territories ticipation in the Commission. Superintendent We saw long since the danger Into which should be open to free and slave labor alike, Pilbbory fc also to be tegislated.out of office. In fanaticism and demagoguism were hastening and argues from the Seward speech and Helper the Assembly, among tfee bills reported%as one the country, and, regardless of the outcry book that the black republican theories favor authorizing New York city to raise money by tax which we knew would everywhere be raised the abolition of slavery from the States wherein and loan. A Pro Rata Freight bill was reported, against us by scheming politicians, we sounded it now exists. Although strongly Southern hiand after a long debate made the special order for the alarm, and gallantly has the national spiritThursday next. his sentiments, •Mr Hunter does not go so farThe State Senate, in executive session yesterday, come to the rescue. The election of Speaker as several of the Senators on the other side ofthe line, and say that if a black republican President is elected the South will secede im- mediately from the Union. Oa the contrary, he draws a glowing picture of the future of tho republic, if the government continues to be ad-ministered according to the spirit of its founders..and pertinently inquires, "Are we to be disappointed of such a destiny as this, in the mad pursuit of abstractions by moonstruck theorists and crazy fanatics?" He believes not, and puts bis trust in the conservatives of the North, who are very quiet until election day, but ^bo will not fail to vote on the side of law, Union, fraternal concord and the Union of the States according to the constitution.Such is Mr. Hunter's platform—a very sound, sensible and good one. Like Mr. Douglas^ speech, it is a bid for Charleston; and as there are several other Senators looking in the same direction, we may expect similar offers from Davis of Mississippi, Slidell of Louisiana, Toombs of Georgia, Johnson of Tennessee, Bright of Indiana, Lane of Oregon, and so on. There's no objection to this. While the House of Representatives is quarrelling over the spoil?, it is well to see the Senate taking a con- servative and patriotic attitude. With a pru- dent, firm and able Chief Magistrate, and thecheck of an administrative majority in the upper branch of Congress, the squabbles in the House can do but tittle injury.As far as .the question of tho succession goes, however, these Senatorial aspirants are build- ing air castles. With the single exception of Mr. Douglas, who stands better for 'Cl than "60. not one of them has any strength where it Is most needed. The man for Charleston is Mr. Buchanan. His administration has been to firmly and wisely conducted as to win the applause of the whole country—thopoliticians who have been disappointedMayors of New York and Brooklyn from alt par-November as the apostle of the "higher law," the champion of the "Irrepressible conflict"VERDICT rs THE CASE OF THE LATE HUDSOJ* RIVER RAILROAD SLAUGHTER.—The Coroner's jury, in the case of the late accident on thewas the Malakoff of the fight The black re publicans entrenched themselves under theSOUTH.—Our correspondence from the SouthernStates has been latterly teeming with com-death of two persons, have done their duty very well in censuring all the parties concern-ground, hoping, by pertinacity, to live out their opponents; and at last, when they were routed on Friday, they surrendered, and hauled down their black nag. Had certain Pennsylvania and New Jersey members held themselvesSai IkMinaixm. democratic-candidate of a man who representsJBJB. 4. .Mow York.The Ninth, Sixteenth andwho are too busy in _making moneyNo aigms of tho steamship North .Amejicaa, now nearlyabout the spoils alone excepted. In the pro-w.th ha, at«teaty,a|rjBttltf ami Mr. J. a Brewer, vociferous anti-republicanism when trade is in sent crisis of the republic the people look for principle* on which this complex governmentU« ConfcOeratiaw, hap arrived ha Buenos Ayres, withstanding their Union meetings and their Df Newark.an American tourist Railroads and question, their neglect to go to the polls hasis speedily bridged over by returning to theBteaBnddpcon»>rte^wert , ^ 1 ^ ^ ^. ranees. Pottttcal H W l r t t a B a t i l B T a v a S m l ^tying started or revived. ' mand for wnol, at goodbeen the main cause of the partial success ofacts, not words. They find Mr. Buchanan's acts a part of tho history of the country, and they will command more votes than all the speeches that ever loaded down the weary and long suffering columns of the Globe. The conser- vative Union men of the groat Central States wW demand a man whoso election will allay ttefoolish slavery agitation, restore confidence botweeiMhe North and the South, insure tho permanence of our institutions, and promote the material prosperity of the republic* Mr Buchanan i? this man. He will oall oat the fell strength of his own party and tho independentreserve vote. Mr. Buchanan, then, should m> eojvw tho Charleston nomination by allIXEFFW1E-VCY OF THE EXOSKWe publish today twolions in reply to aiin our columns ft few days agowas founded, and giving the South the same verge and scope for its institutions which the Northern States claim for theirs.There are many who think the present ex- citement will pass over, like former dangers, without any injurious results. But the present crisis is different from alrtthat have gone before i t Its practical nature in the South brings homo forcibly the feelings, sentiments and acts of the American Sevolulioniats of eighty-five jenta ago; and those who wait to see it pass away may find themselves, at last, ia the predicament of the ctownwho,ft«#it«t«^lsrinkoftteMi8^s- rippi>fae from any bridge,waited.to seethe1^ f y P t o ***•• and Iti bed become dry, in order that he might crosa to the other aide. The King of Flood* continued to tow, and will flow fetwvor; and so will the present rorotntioB roll on hi an impetuous current, and prevent sil intercourse from either aide, unless, by the hftnrty good will and co-operation of North and South, the mighty stream is bridged or divertedthe anti commercialpartyin the House.The event, however, marks an era in our po- litical history. During oil the time that the republicans clung to Sherman, they insisted that they did so because ho could poll ataken all over the South to secure its commer- boat bat doing no damage to her. The |sleeping aa knew nothing of the aaair for iafter. It is supposed that the ice on ta« 1thtm from acting properly. Tho mail <over ,aad fee fesl agent jussfod from Ibroaeaaaa promptly dtaoonawt" coupling and thus saved further disaster. Theman to Pennington, from aa ultra blackthrow of the Seward programme iu the repub-lowers.subjection of the conservative majority in Con-The menvho combined to prevent thoApril, and not by the people in their Congres The effect of the anti slavery crusade of the Francisco, carried for the most part through a atonal districts. It was further dsHermteeslPieparation.The National Convention of the democraticparty which will assemble at Charleston just two months from to day is now the point to which the eyes of all the politicians in tho countryareturned. TheworkoftheConven- tion has already been commenced. Mr. Doug- las opened it in the Senate last week with his famous speech, wherein he recanted all his for- mer heresies, and came fairly and squarely upon the administration platform. Mr. Doug- las' friends throughout the North and Wet* have been much elated with this speech, and. think that it will clear his coast at Charleston. That remains to be seen. It is a little too near April fbr the South to take Mr. Douglas'lastspeech as the law and the gospel.The resolution introduced by the Senatorfrom Illinois remains, however, as the standingsubject for debate in the Senate, and as it re-fers directly to the state of the Union, it givesall the Presidential aspirants an opportunity toput themselves right on the record. Among light that New England regarded Old them is Mr. Robert M. T. Hunter, of Virginia, England about the year 1775. The South who made an elaborate speech on Tuesday- regards New England as its enemyMr. Hunter Is a conservative democrat, a calm,quiet, undemonstrative, practical politician—a marked' contrast to his dashing and fieryrival, Governor Wise. The latter is con- rifle^the bayonet and cannon. Old England,tinually making speeches and writing mani- festoes. The work he doea in this way is some- thing wonderful. Mr. Hunter, on the con-with her vast resources, did not frighten the Colonies, nor can the fanatics of the North, with their lspast of eighteen millions of in-The Election or Speakeo—How It was trary,speakslittleandwritesless. Without vaders,scaretheSouthintosubmissiontoDone and Uhat it Ttaches,The defeat of Sherman and the election ofPennington as Speaker of the House of Sep resentatives, is the first step in the march ofdoubt Mr. Hunter's speech on Tuesday tyranny. "North Carolina," says our corres-was carefully prepared, and is intended to pondent,; "is determined to strike a blow atbear directly upon Charleston. On the ques- New England which will be felt, and shetion of slavery proper, Mr. Hunter takes tho is able to do It Acts of unmistakeablegates by convention is another measure avow-tothe inefficiency no of themof the beingExcise < from aflashed from Malioy'suNew gold mines had bees discovered ta Ike Utah italcs, twenty miles from Oarson CMy, producing Btoch ox citement in Sokma and Tabs counUee.A slver mine Bed seen ataswiojii ta B . Beisaa i taic,wb»ch attractedpeople hovtag sjonvtkere to iAnottitr silver mine had hoaa etaeovorod taCataroraohimself. From these letters we are smtUntitled DocumentAdvices from thei n Whalers and rapidly, and only eightUnited States Consulin possession of the Act that the attorney of fwmiimclmBjael,aa,in the remote ages of an.tiquity, r y r w turned aside the Euphrates, which * imtaicu kim uum sUo/ion.adAJ% : iNEW YOIIK HERALD, THOR^AT, JTOIRUARY 2, 1860.vfxtcaUy the same political elements srith wc ehall hear more aa soon aa they are reached - IaaAiauLABiTT ov TUB SOUTHKRN MAILS.—The posal of the ferry question In the inHov% the Speaker elect, they will lose ail ta* oredit oa the calendar; and farmer, that about a delaystowhich the Southern mailsarc sub- If theLegislaturecando asitpleaseswithre- cou^klortheStateamountsto»ldM»**,besidesforpoiitk&itactwhicbp«*tsuccesseshadac-thousandjudgmentshavealreadybeenob-jectedhavelongformedasubjectofcomplaintgardtoourcityrailroads,wantistopun—I tained, hut owing to the fact that the law and remonstrance. The more that is said about it doing tho same In the case of tho ferries? make? no provision tor paying the fees of the the matter, however, the worse toe evil be-* The Common Council, by its corruption far clerks who sign the judgment rolls, the judg- comes. The contractors seem utterly indiffe- many years, and ita disregard of the intereet*nliments cannot be satisfied, and tho county is thus deprived of a large fund.Or the other hand, we are told by Mr. Com-missioner Kerr that over seven thousand suitshave been commenced, out of which four thou-sand have been settled or compromised for thecoots—say from five to twelve dollars for eachsuit—making a fund of some $3,000; but thatthis entire sum has been retained by the attor-ney of the Commission for his own fees, and thecounty treasury has not got a penny of it. • Ifthis be so, Mr Kerr is about right when he saysthat it would be better to abolish all licenselaws than to submit the people to such chargesfor the personal benefit of the officers ap- impossible for us to follow up continuously the Axn W. H. SEWARD.—From the proceedings of pointed to carry them into effect. In any case,metropolis of the Union, and that aid dared ao confiizu a hat we said, that the Excise Commis- being tighter, one would suppose that an pears tiiat it waa decided by a vote of nineto » tacit admission on the part or the repabti- cac% that there Is nothing sound or legal i%to the strict performance of their agreements,terwards, if necessary, with gunpowder, thothe intimate relation which exists betweenregularity of postal communications and com-mercial activity and success. Abroad thesethings are better understood, and in GreatBritain, especially, there is never any hesita-tioninappropriatinglargesumstosuchpur-poses, in the certainty that they will return inanother form vastly more than the outlay in edly in his interestcurred. Unfortunately, with us political mo- Let Seward by all meant be nominated. Thereits taunt, and let the ferries bona fide to tho takes no steps to apply a remedy. Whilst tho highest bidder, and sold railroad grants oa thechain of events. Tho name irregularities pre-the statements of both correspondents only vail in regard to the letter mails, although, mittee, published in yesterday's HERALD, It ap-last twenty five years, which is now reachingits culminating point, will be to ruin the pro' punctuality, whilst those between New Or-perty and cemmerce of the North. Already the leans and New York can never be countedwork of destruction Is begun. The correspond- upon within a week or ten days after they Seward will have the nomination of the repub-ence of our Special Reporteria North Carolina) which we published on Saturday last, demon-are due.licans of this State. Weed has fixed that mat- ter. Indeed, tho object of electing the dele- gates by convention is not dirguieed—it was boldly announced at the meeting that it was to prevent difference of opinion,and to mat;* gore that the delegates to Chicago will vote as a unit;'that vote, as one of the speakers re-in the fame ratio, whether there be disunion ornot. ThotruthisthattheSouthernStatesarenow put upon their mettle, and their pride will despatched from New Orleans to an Englishnot permit them to recede, even if it were for This is exactly the game played by Cagger,ish taxed tea into Boston harbor at the time of the first revolution; and the universal under- standing which there was to drink none of that beverage, rather than receive it from England. The same patriotic sentiments prompted our Revolutionary fathers to rejoice in the plainest garb made of homespun, rather than wear the costliest and finest raiment of English manufac- ture. The same is now being done in thepanied by the bill of lading and sent on hereSouthern States.There is no doubt that the persons who takethese mail contracts sacrifice without scruple sentiment has gained ground. They fear thatcantile interests the system operates, we haveonly to take the case of a cargo of cotton that was for Seward."this wise policy. The neglect and bad faith ofcontractors and official subordinates are wink- for an opponent in the great contest of nextthe New York Republican State Central Com-that tho distant day appointed fbr holding Hat Presidential Convention should not be changedFrom these proceedings it is evident thatState, as far as he knew anything about it, andment in this State ao ardontiy desires to haveTHE NON-IXTERCOI USE EXCITEMENT AT THE Hudson River Railroad which resulted in themotive to be in a dangerous and unfit condi- tion, the managers who put it on the road, ami ».UCT7cu it to remain there, must have known that fact also, and are consequently far more cen- surable than their employes and should be heldto a stricter accountability.Accidents there may be on railroads that noforesight can avert, though they are very rare indeed, but an accident occurring from any known imperfection in the road or the engines is not to be excused or pardoned. We hope in this case that the managers of the Hudson River Railroad will be dealt with as they de- serve. The locomotive which was ton pause of the late deplorable disaster should not have been permitted to run one hour on the roadafter its imperfect condition was ascertained.Tne ExpectedNON-ARRIVAL or TUB ABBBICA.HAUTAX, Feb. 1—8 P. M. No signs of fee America, now in her nineteonth daydealers here, upwards of one hundred inir of shoes. from Liverpool. A Sremendous gale k prevailing hero. which are made in IfassachoseUs. Now, as I considerNOK AjmrvAi OF THE BOBTH AKERICAX. POBTtAXD.Feb 1—UM.The overland mail of the Sth uR.••RS»'A if tho republicans now support Forney, whosamaaVv Wisf to#w 9 1 WelsBMeBW*/ •|A*^o> oVilej coma from an adjvuuag Suie, and tVoaeam'ja^ta^t^aelm^oentB^^the Oenmrtmio. has commenced six thousandpert at •eedsta. to leavre faor hbomote* ona tMThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comfound bytonerCommonCouncils.beenli*c u»at aU-o nitl nrohahiv Ln ahn dis- 