 a vk-w to present a plea of tht htatute of limita- NEW YORK HERALD. tion being pot in defence in the event of Mr. Fow-a showman's exhibition and those official cour- tesies and private hospitalities due to them m the ambassadors of a distant nation, hithertosertion, and is not altogether borne out by theTHE JAPANESE IH NEW YORK,in the spacious corridors of the Metropolitan, and in the gardenandtheatreattachedtothehotelbyprivateen- trances, the Japanese scarcely regretted the rain which deferred their long contemplated excursion to Greenwoodthe windows will be curtained wtta. lace aad tapestry. The ceiling and side walls will be -as*/ with festoons offlowers,be ststed that any correspondence into which he rOJtKESrOWnnrn, amtatntmj fnjwrfaiit enters regarding the duties of his office is not pri-tr»<< «• * * Wvasiv H a m . PA-IIV ww——4 with7o#PMurrurt JLtkmfmtu and 4t Sour market opened with firmness on the part or holders, the Naval Commission, to attend divine service but theadvanceinfreightscheeked sales. Therewas,grand and impressive. Thefountainm the t»ntrt at _u poureduponhisbatteredheadbythebullsand anceorimposition.Therewasnoattemptatovercharging vestibulewillberearrangedanddecorated.aadt_*rem__T%»llJapanese need have is from those parties who hang- changed. Wheat opened Arm, with a good de- to one of the local newspapers a long com- transmits to the Lord Chamberlain the names of terviews with the Orientals, exhibit specimens of theirv-w-tor</<*r •wrW^JT"** wWa* Ova rosa*-*- rvate, and cannot be withheld from the public when A-re W e to Clar-ttlnnlae tlae Japanewl authors, artists and editors, witnessing a of Messrs. Leland, visited Tifl-ny'a and were presentedItisonlyafewdayssinceourcorrespondent withseveralarticlesofjewelry. Theotherpartiesdi- "sport" which is never patronized here ex- vided their favors among numerous stores, and purchased The cotton market continued dull ye*t<>rday, while at Washington ©ailed public attention to the cept by the scum of the community. W e hear articles of various kinds and descriptions. Their man-AXliHatnWTS TM w KVBXISO.>' ADEMY Of ItCMC. fourteenth •wet—Matinee *'.One e\ tsdu-luuM Orun-U r«HJ«mMUt-V* OARTHUC Btoaaway-LAST ©t TB_ LASS— ^Y U 1 IIC V—IMSTIE*—L* C—mvaplaint, from which, to give an idea of its tone, the chosen representatives of American pugil- articles and attempt to obtain purchasers. If the Japan- ese wish to obtain any specimens of American manufac-0ARPEXB AKD PTTTBE BOOMS.The two gardens of the establishment will be _TUo mails for California and other parts of the wui dose at half-past ten o'clock tin- morning.PacifloThe NEW Y o u WS-KLT Urn>ineootainiag the latest intelligence from all parts of the world, with a large quantity of local and miscellaneous matter, wiE be published at half-past nine o'clock In the morningThe new sohool of politicians see and recog-nise this power, but the old school of politicalleaders are our true Bourbons; they forget no-thing and they learn nothing. Herein has lainthe advantage of the Covode Committee men Christianizationof the Japanese.if^r#ifa|i;flrfWfW##nBinIS- fA-rivHauu,n_fa»awfact that the Chaplain of the House of Repre- sentativeshadinvitedtheJapanese,throughof grand receptions for the conquered represen- tative of the British Lion, and of showers o f goldner of purchasing has already been described, and each partywasaccompaniedbyoneormorepoliceofficers,in order to prevent our visiters suffering from a a y annoy-A» ftxxcalled for.sales were conflaeu to 400 a 600 bales, closing on the basisofaboutl6?£c.alie.tormiddlinguplands. TheCalifornia edition—1T1however, a fair demandfi»rexport and from the domes-tie trade. Southern flour was firm and prices un- appointment at their non-attendance, and wrote all this, the American Minister, Mr. Dallas, about the hotel, and, by some means or other, obtain in-theatre, win be transformed into a cotoaadtof as with arches of evergreens and roses, aad hrge overpnurtng with floral beauties. The lobby a w n other side of the theatre will be similarly decorated.sew prime sold at 113 82',' Sugars were steady and more active, with sales of about 2,500 hh.ls. and 400 boxes, on terms given elsewhere. Coffee was firm, withmentf of grain and flour wen- made to Liverpool ami I/m LACBA KERNE'S THEATRK. No «M Broadway.-Oov tlon at full rates.them presents of everything and anything ex-Leianda or the committer.; but the officers of the Naval glittering through the spreading branches of the trees £ Marcy circular—a sort of compromise between Commission, from whom the tickets of admission are re-» palace, beautifully illuminated, as if upon some grand»oW_»T THEATRE. Bowery.-LOOTS XI—NAKH-OS'S 0)i, a*_a»-Mf Wirf» f*c<»w» Puwa.ceived, are ignorant of the standing of these gentry, and festive occasion, repeating In perspective the celebrationshould either take measures to become better informed of the evening At the other extremity of the gardens will be the entrances to the supper rooms, which will cea-or else should have some competent person to manage eist of the present dining room of the Metropolitan sad undoubtedly been secured for Baruuiu's Mu- this affair. Burr, the well known manufacturing jeweller, the ice cream saloon of the theatre. It a intendedsible.Tata News.la the Democratic National Convention at Balti-more yesterday, the pending propositions relative to the admission of the newly appointed delegates were withdrawn, and a resolution was adoptedtbi* morning, and the Convention thereupon ad-journed. There is a desperate struggle going on at once reach the whole public; and theyMr. Buchanan, for having refused them unlimit- the Committee on Credentials, with direction? to ed range among the official spoils. They hast- eport upon them as soon as practicable. The ened to give their version of the facts elicitedhave contributed so much money iu the cause,has only tended to make us more and more MAYOR Wooo AND THE BALTIMORE NOMINA- tively inspected all the machinery and paraphernalia, many of our most distinguished citfeens, have been in-imply referring the certificates of said delegates toNEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 1860,ler being ane&ted at any time after that period.JANKM4*OS*a>©»BW.MM:IT*, AtameetingoftheNewYorkHistoricalSociety,shutinfromtheworld;duetotheoccasionafterall,isnotsomuchbetterthanBrother Aa-orrBAT saloonwillbeusedasladies*dressingrooaW,aadthegeaKOTOS AND rBOPEIETOKll„ ._«va**P-M«—< V^'i*«—"!•*••*—'•W-*COKIOBOf K_B*AUB» F01.10SSTS.the purchase of Abbott's Egyptian Antiquities re- portedthattheyhadatlastsecuredthecollection, and it * as now the property of the society.strangers in a strange land. Itistobehoped,andwehaveeveryreasonpapers the most extravagant laudations of a prizefighter,whohasreceivedmoreattention and attracted more admiration, both fromB^anr *nT- fr^WSb^t?at?"KMcnru tonSAliU * 0 MOTSft *»*-» . /nt t.m rAttlai eemtmvnifi AnrwwrmKwarT* ******We publish this morning, in reply to the corres-pcmlence in yesterday** HKKALD between the CRyInspector and Archbishop Hughes, s letter which,fromitsstyleandtone,wehsvenohesitationintothisresolutionofrefusinganyapplicationtersorthesciences.Wehearofrightofthemstartedoatuponshoppingexpeditions.Every- ProvidedfortheAmbassadors,theentrancetoKioto*pronouncing as the production of the distinguished from any quarter the object of which is to ex-where they were followed by small crowds, and in many instances the storekeepers whom they visited closed their doors tor the time against other cus- tomers, and attended to the Orientals solely.Garden from Broadway will be closed, several of the J01"?"?"•»**•. *adtheeattre vestibule,twohoa-TOfi feet loag, will be apteodidly decorated. At the extremis_Lt___2rl_f_f__: Ih-P-toUag will carer at I six hundred feet of canvas, aad be arraared with i c n2_?_TwUM_"^W«»•u5tt7j_swbS^3-f Tails, and upon the rocks, win be placed 'splendid breea* group, of nearly twice lifesenting two eagles fighting fn- their prey, t border efflowersandshrubsw>Uprevent v_**ri%proachuTttinearly to this picture, and its elect win certainly b e m wprelatehimself. InjusticetoMr.Delavan.itshouldhibitthemotoTomThumb,theBeardedLady, or the negro turning White.ware of the clergy, for no priests are among seum. This formal recognition by the gov- bad an interview with some of the principal officers of the that the guests shall be supplied with refreshments ivut'iWire—OtaJ~>A*»CE*B_WT. ataaytimeduringtheevening,andeighthundredfeet,NEW BOWERY THEATRE, Bowery-BiACE CAT or C«iwni-lmi4iiu rawCB-MAaatss RAXS.f l o w t h e Corrode M e n M a n a g e d — B l i n d - them. Their religion is dead, and so is ours— erning classes of Great Britain Of the govern- Embassy yesterday morning, and the first and second In length of tables, accommodating one thousand pa sins,Christianity is no more, the Bible is a fiction, Ambassadors gave him several chains, which had been will be provided. Over two hundred waiters will be a ing classes in the United States is a very manufactured for them at Philadelphia, to repair and attendance. The sapper rooms will be decorated withB A U n m * AMERICAN MUSEUM, Rroedw»r--B»r and IvMte-OnOu»Hani AtHoaa-BsssxiA-LmjiuCv- Kioutnb. a s _—_—_itsinstigators,bywhichtheywereabletose-profession, and the Sabbath a grievous imposi-accordingtoaBritishpointofview. Itcannotthey thought Japanese gold, to be made into a chain, politan, under the supervision of the Messrs. Leland, will havechargeofthecollation,aaditwiUcertainlybewor-PTKBU u 1 aa-rr.had reported, but in the very face of the facts hope in our hearts, of speedily evangelizing the knows to the contrary, some royal blood in her of a sort of composition, with very little gold, but veryit had ascertained, show how complete has world? In particular has God jtist glorified His veins), that the presentations we refer to were and looks as if it had been cast in a mould. Mr. Burr in- as a space for dancing. The seats will be removed from theSo*u».TEMPLE Of MAOIC, 441 Broadway.—PiortMO* JACOBS. in the system of producing political results.cf intra o r THIRTEENTH A\KMUK.-4__lMUL- Slss-flSTRKETview of the relations between this country andJapan has never been taken than is here ex-pressed by the reverend gentleman in question.We will ask him if it is not egotism and low, thrown into paroxysms of delight over auncharilablcness of the highest order brutal encounter between two pugilists,and secure American watches, and several with which they that prompts the desire to convert the now we have a demonstration by the governing were swindled at other cities have been left with Mr.1»A»«;«». Btuut*tiBM, A v-J-eA-ios _ _ _ _ _been the revolution in the last twenty-five years providence by opening before us the long "made through inadvertence." No such notice, tends manufacturing the chain, as ordered, but from puredress circle, and that space also will be used by the dan- cers. TheseatsintheuppertierswillbereservedforI' Who prefer looking upon the dancers; andarounditiers and the ground floor will be a splendid promenade, with arches of flowers. The whole theatre aad stage wUl form a magnificent pavilion, with a canopy aad sides of red and white damask, festooned with wreaths of flowers and hangings of rich silks. Three immense chandeliers will be suspended from the ceiling, and side lights aad candelabra* will be pendent from the columns. Upon each o f the upper tier boxes v. ill b e wreaths of evergreen, enclosing the coats of arms of the different States of the Union, and the present decorations will be concealed be- neath festoons of rod, white and blue. The columns will be wreathed with flags, and upon each column will be hung a banneret of silk, with appropriate inscrip- tions and devices. The lower tier will be richly hung with draperies of silk and festoons of flowers, ea- closius fanciful debigns in plaster and gilt; aad upon the columns, instead of the bannerets, as in the upper tier, will be suspended the flags of the different regiments of our city, gracefuUy festooned and draped with ribbons. Between the columns supporting this tier will be ar- ranged arches of evergreens and flowers, forming a per-' feet arbor, and carrying the garden, into which the en- tire establishment will be transformed, down to space for dancing. The dancing floor in the theatre will be seventy feet wide by one hundred and fifty feetKATtOXAl. CONCERT SALOON. National Theatre — Bo»os lusees. Boat-was, Ac.P A L A C E G A R W W , Fourteen!- rmum_ct_t. COBCBST. _ _ _ _ _A quarter of a century ago the leading poli- ticians of the country had their established organs in Washington, Richmond, Albany, andperhaps a few other places, through which their ideas were given to the public and the wire- pulling process was managed. These political journals were kept up by allowances of one kind or another in the public expenditure, aud in the old whig times a sort of comity existed among leaders that the several politi- cal oigans must be kept alive. But with the lapse of time a new power has grownclosed door of Japan, and saying unto us, fat their case, has appeared in the London gold. Several of the officers made their first call in New York upon Mr. Burr, as we have stated, on Mon- Enter «in the fulness of the blessing of the Gazette, and they are, therefore, entitled to the day morning, and seemed very much pleased withNo f* BBOADfrAT.-C_i_rO_wu Qw> MurtSS Exami-!)•« York, Wednesday, Jnne 90, I860.MAILS FOR EUROPE.Japanese to the Christian faith, and whether classes of the United States of a most novel and Burr for repairs. The doctor and Tommy did not visit Brady's to take their lesson in photography yesterday, or not the consequences of any serious attempt gratifying character. We refer to the popular and the crowd which collected about the doorway await-at such would, so far as we are enabled to judge reception of the Japanese Embassy in New ing their arrival and admiring their photographs wereT_* NewlorkHero Id — Kdit ion Ibr Ka rope.tip in the State. The independent press by historical example and the prevailing opin- York. The governing classes in the, metropolis therefore disappointed.Tt»e Canard mail steamship Africa, Captain Shannon, «ui INTO this port to-day for Liverpool.of New York has come into existence. Sup-ion in Japan, be utterly disastrous to the inte- received the Japanese with the utmost courtesy.AT THE HOTELa crowd was collected all day, dispersed now and then by the rain, but soon reassemblingstreet—VOCALing their friends to the notice of her Majesty's Muster of Ceremonies.ASS IX- AND FOURTHcularly with some sleeve buttons, with Japanese cha- racters, which they very readily translated. The whole party were astonished at a magic revolving bracelet, the star of beautiful diamonds upon which winds up like a watch, and runs for tw o hours, like a pyrotechnic wheel. This is the only bracelet of the kind ever manufactured in this country. All of the Embassy seem determined toported by the daily requirements of a vast me- The European mails will close ia this city this tropolitan city, it has been entirely indepen-number of ladies, seated in a store window opposite, dili- gently plied their opera glasses; but few Japanese ap- peared, and these seemed rather to avoid than invite scru-band will probably be placed upon an elevated data, and the music for the entire reception will be pro- vided by Itodworth, one hundred and sixty of whoseawrning at seven o'clock. TheBcmor-uiERBMorinHSBALDwill bepublishedBowery boys last Saturday. The rude be-Ibi.-kin, and the whole set, who had learned, in seen much and heard more of the re- what we have been asking for so long—an eco- princes, during one of their calls, get downnomical government, clean streets, lighter taxes, upon the floor to spin a top for the children of his hostess. Tommy, who had a slight cold yesterday, which pre- an efficient police, and a great deal less rowdy- vented his leaving the hotel, is especially familiar, and already expresses his desire to remain in this country for correspondents of the independent press of New sake ol the aborigines, who have seldom reaped Ism and crime of all kinds. For which blessed a year or more and go to school. His every movement consummation let us all devoutly pray, and, in is jealously watched by the Censors, however, and when presented with a beautiful leopard skin by one of thetheir efforts in behalf of Mr. Buchanan in 1856, sults attending their labors; but this he advantage of giving early intelligence to the knowledge, we are sorry^ to say, for theYork, availed themselves of this secret anything more than the vices of their invaders,to give life and power to their anger againstas well as those good-intentioned people whothe meantime, give the Aldermen a fair chance.iadies he said he would come and get it at night, for he was afraid the spies would see him. In the afternoon he was shown behind the curtain in the theatre, and atten-certain that Christianity and the world would not quite recovered his usual spirits, however, but in the committee stated that they would not report until by the Covode Committee to the correspondents have been better without them. We have seen pondence from Baltimore, that a rumor was theatre, during the evening, be was the observed of allpaint the splendors of the scene which will be presented by these magnificent balls, fragraat{with,thousand8 of flowers, radiant with light and crowded with the creme At la ereme of the beat society in the country. To Mr. Beers, who, under the direction of the Messrs. Inland, has well nigh completed the details of these designs, which we have ra- ther hinted at than fitly described, too much credit can- not be awarded. The preparations are progressing rapid- ly, and will be fully completed by Monday morning next. Ihat the general public, which can only be represented at the reception by its most distinguished members, may not be compelled to witness these magnificent decorations only through descriptions and the sketches of the illus- trated papers, it is designed to retain the walls in their reception ewrmblr for several days, so that all who wish to see them may be gratified.THE EMBASSY INVITED TO VISIT BROOKLYN. At a meeting of thlBrooklyn Common Council, Monday night, Alderman Dayton proposed the following pre—mble snd resolutions inviting the Japanese Ambassador^ tovisit that city:—Whereas, an Fmbassy from the empire of Japan to the United States (the first ever formally accredited fiom that government to that of any civilized nation) is now ia our country for the purpose of ratifying a treaty between the two nations, and is now in the city of New York, la response to an invitation from the authorities Uiereof; and whereas in whatever of benefit shall accrue to t_a port of New York from the extension of American trade and commerce that it is expected will result from the opening of the ports of Japan to our merchants and ship- masters, Brooklyn must be largely participant, thereforeResolved, That the C<nmmon Council deem it proper that Brooklyn, the third city of the Union, shall not be behind her sister cities in extending to the Japanese Embassy such courtesies as their distinguished position and the peculiar circumstances incidental to their visit to this country seem to entitle them to receive.Resolved, That a special committee, coosisiting of Alder- men Kalbfleisch, Van Brunt and Ca&haw, be appointed to prepare a suitable and proper invitation to the Embassy to visit our city, to be transmitted to them by his hono*, the Mayor, and properly attested by the City Clerk.Resolved, That this Board be constituted a Committba of the Whole to arrange for the reception of the Embassy and suite, should the invitation to visit our city be ac- cepted by them.These resolutions being proposed at the close of the ses- sion, the Board adjourned before they could be acted upon. Another meeting will, however, take place on Wednesday evening, when they will, doubtless, be adopted.Woman Shot ia Canal Street. William Morganstein, a keeper of a German lager biersaloon in the basement of No. 372 Canal stmt, was ar- rested by the police last evening for having attempted to murder a colored woman named Emma A. Priuv, by shooting herwith a doublebarrelled gun,loaded with buck shot.It appears the woman resides in a tenement house, situ- ated tn the rear of Morganstein's saloon, aad about sevee o'clock last evening she was seated in an alleyway leading to her house, when Morganstein came up aud ordered her to leave. She refused to comply with the request, whereupon be threatened to shoot lier. The woman laughed at him. and said he dare not touch her, as she had a perfect right iff the alleyway, a- it led to ber ownbetween the friends and opponents of Mr. Douglas for the nomination, and the Northwestern partisans Of Mr. Douglas have emphatically declared their Intention to secede from the Convention if their farorite is rejected.In Congress yesterday the Senate ordered a Com- mittee of Conference on disagreeing amendments to the Legislative. Executive and Judicial Appro-the natives of the Sandwich Islands compelled to do the work of horses in dragging the mis-of the New York press, knowing that it wouldcounted on the Bourbonism of the old school sionaries and their families from village toin circulation that a letter from Mayor Wood was in the hands of certain parties there "de- nouncing the secession movement of the South- ern delegations, declaring his conviction that Douglas can carry the State of New York, and favoring his nomination.'* In another column will be found a communication from the Mayor, explicitly denying each and all of these asser-observers, and kept up a continual laughing and chatter- ing.DntrXG THE bAYthe Japanese who did not go off upon shopping expedi-tions paid visits to each other's apartments, and over- hauled their baggage. Sano Kawage, who has already been mentioned in our reports, kept his room all day, diligently perusing English works, and studying charts, atlases and maps of this country. The artist was engaged in drawing plans for the Japanese pavilion to be erected at the grand reception ball. The death of the seal, who has for some time disported himself in the basin of the fountain in one of the gardens, and who lias finally been poisoned by ailanthus leaves and segar stumps, was much regretted by many of the Embassy, who have made this animal their especial pet. The principal Ambassa- dors never left their rooms during the day, but were en- gaged in smoking, writing and conversation.politicians to prevent their availing themselves of the same means. They did not mistake either their measures or their men. Mr. Secre- tary Cobb, Mr. Secretary Thompson, and num- bers of other old political Bourbons, knew the facta that would have overthrown all the asser- tions of the Covode Committee men; but theyvillage in vehicles of basket-work ; and from statistical accounts it appears that, wherever these gentlemen have been most numerous, the extermination of the aboriginal inhabitants haspriation bill. The point in dispute is the 120.000,-000 loan amendment. The House resolution redu- did not know how to make them available incing the price of public printing forty per cent was their own cause. They waited for them to beamended by reducing the price twenty-five instead brought up by the slow coach of official report,of forty per cent, and the subject was then laidaside. A Conference Committee was ordered on telegraph, tho llghtulug press, and the locomo- among the native population. The existing abundance.gaged on the Army and Naval Appropriation bills. The steamship Illinois, from Havre June 6, andand got the vote of censure through before red tape was ready to make a demonstration.about the religion preached to them; and when the generation dies away what is there likely to be left ? Nothing but the inglorious triumph of civilization over aboriginallsm—the victoryway, a small but choice collection of oil paintings of the modern French and German schools. They comprise spe- cimens by Gerome Troyon, Veyrassat, Edouard Frere, I juibiut-t, Plassan, Henneberg, &c., ftc. As the works of these artists are well known to, and highly appreciated b y , our public, these pictures, which have only just been im- ported, cannot fail to excite a lively interest among our connoisseurs.Bouthampton June 7, arrived s t this port yester- day afternoon. Her advices, however, have al-This is the logical meaning of Mr. Winslow's complaint that ''all the evidence which, unex-pal characters in the Japanese burlesque, to show to the Tycoon, as be said, pronouncing the word Tycoon as if itwere spelled Tycon.THE PROGRAMMEof their Mure movements we give unofficially. To- morrow tho Japanese drive through the Central Park. During the latter part of the week they will visit Greenwood Cemetery, and on Tuesday next they will probably attend a matinee at the residence of August Bel-mont, Esq.It is to be hoped that the Committee, whose thoughtfulcare, thus far, cannot be too much commended, will not consider it necessary to the comfort of the Embassy that they should be taken to some place or other every day. The Japanese enjoy the dolct far niente more than any other nation. In Jeddo those are considered the most aristocratic and well bred who go out ofready been anticipated both by the Bohemian andthe City of Washington. From ourfilesby the lat- plained, raised suspicions against the adminis- of might over right.ter vessel we learn that the armistice agreed uponbetween Garibaldi and the royalists, instead ofbating been terminated, as reported by previousadvices, had been indefinitely prolonged, and that distorted." Why did not the old fogies resortA number of new and valuable paintings, by German artists, have been recently added to thetration, was regularly telegraphed to the North- ern papers, and when the evidence was not of that character it was invariably garbled andWe intend this simply as a warning to thosewho are anxious to bring about the fatal resultsreferred to, and who, if they consider themselvesphilanthropists, are mistaken; for if their wishes collection of the International Art Association,the King had sentto France asking assistance from to the same means for circulating the truth that were carried out with respect to tho Japanese, at the corner of Fourth street and Broadway. Ibis gal-the Emptror. The London Timet says that Napo- the sharp ones resorted to to divulge the lies ? leon immediately replied that any interference by The columns of the independent press werethe bloody scenes of tho sixteenth century would in all probability be re-enacted, and Japan would again close her ports and resume her oldlery is well worth a visit, as presenting the largest and 1'i'ot selected assemblage of German works ever exhibited in this country.France teas out of the question.The steamship De Soto, from New Orleans and side busily delving for news; the journals them-Havana, arrived at this port yesterday morning, selves were ready to meet all the expenses ofopen to them; its correspondents were by theirwith dates to the 15th inat. She arrived off the transmission by telegraph, printing, and pub-lightship in three dap and fourteen hours from lishing wider than any political press can possi- which she is tied by treaty, but the sequel A collection which will repay inspection is that ofHavana. The Peres affair was still unsettled; in net, no answer had yet been returned by the gov- ernment to Consul Helm's note.The government of St. Domingo have recentlyissued a decree abolishing all dues and charges around him, who can forget nothing and learnwould be one of the most tragic episodes In Mr. Bughes, No. 70s Broadway. This gentleman hasuponallvesselsoffriendlynationstradingwiththe republic, provided the governments of thecountries to which those vessels belong grant,within a year, similar privileges to Dominican ves-sels. Great efforts were mating to revive trade KESZEXBASST WITHDRAWN.—We understand that by the United States. Earl Gre#, one of theTHE DECORATIONS FOR THE RECEPTION BALL.We are enabled to publish, by the kindness of Mr. Wm.T. Beers, the designs of the decorations of the ball roomsat the Japanese reception on Monday evening next. Mr.Beers designed the decorations of the officers' dialog room,which so highly delighted our visiters, and his presentand education, and under the present wise admin- istration the country generally seems to hare anthe Naval Commission and Aldermanic Commit- tee, charged with the direction of the move- ments of the Japanese, have decided against thetory leaders in the Lords, and Macaulay, first among English historians, have founded elabo- rate arguments against universal suffrage upon• billOf rwitVtfer.lltftlithey cannot admire it; but they do understand places which they fill.room part 1 of theid of July. TheBoardac- ita1isCotombJaCollege,atthe '•^^•Ms-as-WAres riHoflntC-Mtr^was associated with him, snd the Attorney General! who promenade, with entrances from the saloon aad theatre, contrived for money making purposes reduces tish constitution was the perfection of human desired to be present at the argument, wero both pro- Which will be brilliantly illuminated with colored lamps,THK ACATIEMT MATINEE TO-DA Y—THE JAP A-sured terms the system of government adoptedbeen proportionately rapid, and the state of tions. The telegraphic reporter was no doubthumbugged by some politician. Such rumors as that relative to Mayor Wood are plenty infurnish the telegraphic correspondents withsociety most deplorable.If we glance at the British possessions, wherethe missionary field has been widest, w e findthat no accession to the number of the Christian Baltimore. The fertile genius of Dean Rich-IN THE EVKMNOmond, Confidence Cogger, Cassidy & Co. can the majority of the members of the Embamy attended the performances, at the theatre. The third and fourth Ambassadors occupied a private box, but the officers and soldiers mingled with the audience, and although objects of great interest to many present, they were, thanks to the politeness of the assemblage, subjected to no annoy- ance. AH seemed to enjoy the performances, and seemod cussed till the hour for recess. The House was en* brought up public opinion to act on Congress, reality, nor caring to understand anything, There is at present on exhibition at GoupilV,'in Broad- particularly pleased with the dancing and ballet, the pan- toniime of which they could readily understand. Some of the Japanese strayed into Christy's concert room and remained during the performances: and one of the artists took sketches of the princi-the bill -taking appropriations for civil expenses. The Overland Mail bill was then taken up and dis-tive, through the country.By these means theyprimogenial inhabitants are at the most but nominal converts, understanding nothing inwhile their antagonists were riding the electricfaith has been virtually and permanently gainedexclusiveness. This would undoubtedly be re- lic, in consequence of the alterations that are being made sisted by the United States and other nations to in the decoration and lighting of the gallery.the Ambassadors love to conform to Joddoian customs even in New York. Let the committee remember this, and may no visits to hospitals, prisoners and asylums be arranged for the Japanese. The rain yesterday gives the managers a fine opportunity to reconsider, also, the visit to Greenwood, if such a visit be designed. Is a ceme- tery, however beautiful, exactly a feature of the city which should be e_hjbit*4 to Ambassadors from a foreignbly publish i t The fact is they do not compre-hend their epoch, and the President has beenmade the victim of the political Bourbons The Governing Classes of England and brought back with him portraits of all the contemporary court? Would the Japanese conduct our Aldermen tonothing,andwhostillimaginethattheworldis moved by the same means as in the year one.neseUpontheNewYorkDemocracy.It has been the practice recently of British journalists and statesmen to deride in no mea-vhofeelaninterest inthopolitical affairsofthose por- tions ef our contuicnt will no doubt be pleased to nave on opportunity of making themselves acquainted withtin- pergonal traits of the chief actors in them.The West Washington Market. SUPREME COURT.Bcforo Hon. Judge lugruham.Jew 19.—TheStOk <fNew YorkattheRilalwn o/Iby-visit that locality V Vc/fmm tat $apienlt. • •______*We have Jamaica papers to the 2Jth May, but attendance of the Embassy at the Academy certain developements with regard to the IVrfc.—Mr. Noyes and Mr. McKeon, counsel for the used aa a kind of reception room, and is to be deco-they contain not a word of news.The Board of Councilmen held a short sessionlastevening,Mr. PmckneybeingPresidentpro (cm., and altar transacting nswat routine business ad-rushing into his saloon, he soon returned with a double barrelled gun, and fired both barrels at the woraanTl head. The charges entered bur ueck and breast, aad soe fell scream mg to the groundThe noise attracted the attention of policeman Coles,<* the Fifth wsrd, and be hurried to the spot, but Morgan- stem had fled before the policeman made his appearaaas. The woman was immediately removed to the New Yora HospRaj, sad oa aa examination of her wounds being made by the physicians, they pronounced ber case as hopeless. ThepoliceoftheFifthwardscouredthewara duringthenight,andfoundMorgansteinsecretedundera bed in the basement of No. U S West Broadway. He was arrested aad locked op is the station bouse to await ths result of the woman's injuries.Obitnary.Pied, ia (-NSterfieU comity, Va., oa the 30th of May, mthe 90th year of her age, Mrs. B___a_jH_is»»,r_.ict of the Rev. Francis Haaeock. She was left,at theideathmatinee to-day. In this decision we think theyhave acted wisely, from every consideration ofthe fitness of things. The advertised attendanceof the Embassy at any public entertainment declared at a recent public dinner that the Bri- l<>r an adjournment on the ground that Mr. Kvarlswte forest goddesses. Leading trout this ball is a grandthese guests of the nation to the position of reason, and that no government Other than that f<-ssio_ally engaged, one m the Court of Appeals and the otheronCircuit. --«•—transparencU'Saaddevices. Thispromenadeisabout twohundredfeetnagaadtwelvedfeetwide,aadis formed by the inside puxxa of the hotel.THE SALOON AMU EXTBANCRS.Pas»i_g from the reception room w e enter Christy's S_- kon, which will be tranafiaaaj into a flower garden, with a constrvalory and a fountain of cologne water oc- cupying the portion of the hall now need far the stage.Barnum'sfatbaby,thegorilla,ortooHappy ofQueenVictoriawasfoundequaltothere-^"^SL£___*.°H»-«danyfurtherpostpone, rent of this important case; by then-own showiaTthe plaintttft were hi possession of the nets and profitsFamily of wild animals of Captain Adams, thequirements of the governors and the governed.trapper. The Embassy so understand it, and But that is the inference to be drawn from their ot the West Washington Market property, amountUur to tdOOaday, besides counsel were perfectly well awarowhile they are themselves the most polite, affa- speeches and letters. According to the British that the matter was specially set down for today, and heble and amiable people under the sun, they idea, the governing classes of England—the would not consent to any further postponementJudge Ingraham said that the Attorney General beinghavethatbig.senseofdignityanddecorum peersoftherealm,thelandedgentry,thecler- engagedonCircuitwasnoexcuseforapostponement,but as it had been stated by counsel that Mr. Evarus had made*facts in the case.Britain would seem to show that John Bull,their fragrant hangingsheld last evening, the committee having charge of which has brought them here, and due them as Jonathan. We have read lately in the English Is generally, passed most unpteasantly in Mew York; bat Uemen will have a retiring room la the betelRecent occurrences in Greatto believe, that the Naval Commission, who tho-roughly understand the delicate sensibilities of the upper and lower classes, than would to seme more favorable opportunity. Hours of sunabine, decorated with flowers, statuary aad statuettes, aad wiMbe accorded to a great man in art, let- here and there through the day, however, gave the Ja- be finely illuminated The guests will enter the Sab roan these polished Orientals, will inflexibly adhere panese an opportunity to hare the hotel, and the majority by this main paauge, and^a private entrance win behonorable members of her Majesty's PrivyCouncil,officersofthe royal household,cler-gymen of the Established Church, and membersof Parliament, both lords and commoners, Two Of the principal officers, under chargeat his chapel, and that he expressed great dis- btars of the London Stock Exchange. More than or other swindles, however, and the only fear that the der of the vestibule, with the avenue nadtac m t o t - emand for export, but later in the day th*>mar-ket exhibited less spirit, and closed tamoly.Corn was active and in good export demand, while prices we quote these words:—"Take them, or let ism as candidates for the very high honor of tures they should be taken to our best stores and notwere unchanged. Pork was held with more spirit, while them go, anywhere and everywhere, except to presentation to her Majesty. They went to the left to the tender mercies of drummers. This course issales were light. New mess was at SIS a $18 12 S , and the hallowed scenes of Christian worship. Make palace in the costume adopted since the famous uniformly pursued when the matter is in charge of the atreet, will be represented, as if at aa __a_a_sj IWIsanrcept the Bible, the New Testament, or any otherWT.TTE* OARI'KN, Urcadwav, opposite Bond street— limited sales. Freights continued firm, and fair engage- religious book. Let the physicians have access can gentleman." These identical costumes havel»^a*a. .to them, for some of them are doctors; but be-court clothes and the -plain dress of an Ameri-ness o f O a r Political Bourbon*.The practices of the Covode Committee and the Church a superstition, the ministry a mere important indication of the progress of the age, alter. They also entrusted to him a quantity of what evergreens, flowers and flags. The steward of ths Metistion. Have we the good work in our hands,PRY ANTS' MINSTRELS. M«--*_«-B*_, 47J Broad w a y - the President, not only before the committee the sure promise in our minds, and the glad can Stewart (who may have, for all any one no one could determine—it was found to consistBcujaucu. So»tt«, DASC», AC.—WE COBB F*OM tut HILLS. NIBLO*S SALOON. Rrr-dway.-Oso. Crant'i Mi*reception, will be the theatre, which will be most lavishly heavily gilt. The ornament is very roughly fashioned, decorated. The stage and parquette will beflooredovercure the desired result of a vote of censure onTHE THEATRE.The great centre of attraction, and the feature of thsrests of the United States, as regards its inter-course with that country ?dent of politicians, while the financial strength Have the Japanese not an equal right withWe doubt if the House of Commons could havebehaved better, on a similar occasion, than the to watch the windows of the Japanese apartments. A with accommodations for two thousand dancers,Gospel of Christ.'"We may safely say that a more prejudicedprivilege of going to court; and of recommend- the articles of jewelry shown them, and parti-at unit past tlx o'clock in the morning Single copies, in which the immense traffic of our growing com- ourselves to practise whatever form of religion havior of the rowdies in Philadelphia and tiny. There were quite a number of visiters at the hotel, musicians have been engaged. Thefloorwill be chalked•i rappers, six cents.The coate-ts of the Ecsonuj* Eomos or THS Hsxiiomerce has given it has enabled it to spendmuch larger sums for the acquisition and trans-they please without molestation? And would the* clergy, who are so anxious to propagate theirBaltimore stimulated the pride of New Yorkers of all conditions in life, and there was visible a general determination to prove to the illustri-especially in the evening, but theOrientals wandered about the vestibules but seldom. Some of these visiters, we regret to say, were so unmindful of propriety as to smoke in the ladies' parlors up stairs, and this offended some of the Japanese no less.than the proprietors of thein By zanline style. The upper private boxes will be con- cealed by the large standards of the city companies, and the lower boxes will be arranged into niches of flowers containing statues of dancing nymphs, supporting bou- quets and garlands of flowers. The proscenium will be draped with large American and Japanese flags, a—r- mounted by twin figures of Fame, sounding their trum- pets, and sustaining a large gilded American eagle, pendant from the claws of which will be a medallion wreath, with u device of clasped hands in the centre.THE STAGE.Thestagewillbeclearedbacktothewalls,andtheen- tire space will be set with a beantiful garden scene, lit up with bracket side-lights and candelabras. At the rear of the stage will be erected a gorgeous Japanese pavilion from designs furnished by one of thj artists attached to the Embassy, represented as if standing in the midst of a garden. A private entrance, reserved exclusively for the Ambassadors, will communicate with tins paviUwo from the hotel, so that the Princes con retire to their rooms or be present among the diatinguWUod/thro—g, as they wish. This apartment win be Ulumlnafod by can- delabra*, supported by gold statues, from the establish- ment of t be Messrs. Haughwout. The flowers will be fur- nished by Buchanan, the upbohstery by Stewart a Co., and the gas fixtures by Brown and Helm.MISCELLANEOUS.No less than ten thousand persons, including the mostdistinguished residents, not only of our city, but of the whole country, are expected to be present, and the accom- modations are more than ample. The President and his Cabinet, the Governors of the different States, the princi- pal government officials, the officers of the army aad navy, the Mayors of the principal cities, throughout the t'nion, the diplomatic corps of foreign countries resident in this city and at Washington, andwill flsti_»i— the news received by mail and telegraph athe otkot daring the previous week, and np>«o the hour of could possibly be expended by mere politicalpoblicatto-.by a shoal of Buddhist and Sintoo priests from ous guests of the nation that republican institu- hotel. With all the arrangements of the committee both the Japanese and the Naval Commission express them-m riciFu.journals. The same power has attracted to its columns the keenest and most powerful intel- lects of the day, and this union of early newsthe land of the Rising Sun, anxious to make tions do not of necessity inculcate barbarism.them all converts to those religious?selves perfectly satisfied. They expected anything but the kind and thoughtful treatment which they have received, and their disappointment has beenmission to its presses of early intelligence than own doctrines among them, like to be invadedEver since Philip H. tried by means of theThemailsteaashipNorthSUr,Capt.Jones,willIOSTO andpoliticalacumenhasmadeitthemostwide- JesuitmissionariestoconvertJapanIntoase- boy,thegoverningclasseswereontheirbestbe- York as "very much good—very big." They areUtw lswrk Mermld—C-lirbrnia -Edition. tot* port te-dar, at noon, Ibr Aspinwall.delphia as "good," Washington as "very good," and Newreaching vehicle of thought in this or any other country.havior, and seemed fully to appreciate the im- portance of the occasion; and from the marked Civility with which the Japanese have been treated by the municipal authorities and their friends,weshouldnotbeatallsurprised.U".in addition to the other advantages to accrue from the visit of the representatives of the Tycoon, It would so far affect our rulers as to give usespecially delighted with the Lelands,and brighten Into Minim? welcomes whenever they approach. The perfect freedom which they enjoy at the hotel, and the facilities for amusement afforded them by Nixon's theatre and Christy's saloon, which they can visit without leaving the hotel, are very agreeable to them. In short, the Metropolitan seems like a borne to them, as to all other residents, and they are continually repeating its praises.Toinrrand others of the Embassy have already made friends among the guests of the hotel, and often visit the ladies in their private par- lors. It was amusing to see one of thecond Peru, any measures towards introducing Christianity into that empire have been regarded as treasonable and insulting; and the fate of crucifixion which befel these last ought to be a sufficient warning to the rest of the world never again to attempt so vain a task as theSingle copies, in wrappers, ready for mailing, six cents.Agents will please send in their orders as early as pos- and its instigators. Robert J. Walker, Forney, With respect to missionaries, we haveTheir Doings a t tiHe Metropolitan ping anil Resting.and will be almostbidden1 in i l l ,of a design with which they furnished him. Upon thy of the occasion. he said, as in the case of the amiable Mrs. Dun- examination of one of the trinkets—the use of whichThuswe have seen allEngland, high andFrom the Aldermen, in thei rwhite hats and fleshcolored kid gloves, down to the smallest street a most pleasant one. The Japanese describe Phila-TION.—It was stated yesterday, in our corres- making very intelligent comments thereupon. He has vited, and will doubtless be present. Words fail toF i n eA r t s .Mr. Belmont's collection is at present closed to the pub- doors least, the Mikado never leaving his palace, andpassed many years in Centra! mi South America in the pursuit of his profession as a portrait painter. Bo hasmodern history.the I nlted State*-.Effect of t h e J a p a - celebrities of the Spanish-American republics; and those the burial grounds of Jeddo, if our city lathers shouldeffort will doubtless be no less succeasful. The largoJ»r and Brennan v$. the Mayor, Aldermen,dc., of Xeu> dining room, on the second floor of the hotel, la to be premises. Morganstein became greatly enraged, and,"governing classes''of the United States. They Comptroller; Judge Edmonds, Mr. Mott and Mr. Piatthave not been quite so blunt as a certain Bri- representing Taylor and Breanan. Judge Bronson and with flowers and festoons of Japanese and American tish official resident in the United States,who Mr. Anderson, for tho Corporation, attended in pursuance flags, and statues representing the seasons, nymphs andto the adjournment in this case Judge Edmonds applied*bich very naturally causes them to shrink gy, the members of the bar and the great mer- the engagement.at the Court of Appeals, in ignorance of The stage will be removed, and space wil! be i a t fur dan- of ber husband, with seven chadrea-4_ree of whom,from the humiliation of a showman's curiosi- chants and bankers—represent everythingthat thtoday*£_ fixed for the motion, be would adjourn the cers ia the main room sad far praneaadsts around the matter to Thursdav next. ^ ^with - u - y grand and great graad<-uldren, survive her. OS a nutaerous family of brother* and »««*«.jf___* gone before ber, to that "bourne from »^»?__»._B , Sf returns," save an only younger sister, reltojasf the Be*- Peter M. Cary, of Louisville, Ky., for whom she * Uined the strongest affection. She had beea a rof the Baptist cu-rch fur more than sixty years.•_____« B-«H, on* of the oldest merchaaU c ."died to that city on the 17tb inst. He was largely * - terested to the trade between Boston and the **«•« coast of Sooth America; aad probably. at eae tuae, wsaoneotthebeaviegtshipownersiaK*wF_gi*uJ.*fc* at any price. l a addition to this is civilized, enlightened and refined hi Chris-t J h » a a v g r o _ e r , Mr. Haws, was present in court duringperfumed fountain. At the other end of the room will be devices in gsejeU of globes and stars. The lights from thecha_debersw_lbes<rfietied by ground ghss globes, aad the main room will be lighted ap by candelabra* sf- gas. The ' effect of these lainaaaai ef Ughta may be imagined, aad the room will presentW% have no doubt that the Embassy hadquite enough of the Opera, with Us Incidents,tendom, while the persons who are elevated to office in the United States are, both by natureat Philadelphia. Th-y do not comprehend H— and associations, especially unfitted for theThisremainder of the mouth !>«•, So. 10 City Ball"•*• »•«••-—» mm* ——w —t -—» --3J w uuuerai..na -MbecadouewithIthedifferencebetweenthegapingcuriosityofaa-bait*illbeHaliouediaaflastfdecorated ffailery, aajfiUntitled Documentappearancestronglysuggestiveof fairytaad. TheThis It a very bread and comprehensive as- I Chief Justice Bosworth OMtlaaes to preside to the l-raacubcld.(UTa-uu-vyQalLThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rated in a beautiful but comparatively simple style,completelyThe hall parlors attaehsl to theWe pass then from Christy's room to the meal latraaas tothetheatre—amagnmewtpa-age,lereaty*r»feet-i length and twenty four in breadth. This wuTbethaprta. cipal entrance from the first floor of the hotel, a n t wOl a sas conservatories of flow era, wHh splendidly variegate. lights and lanterns, and will be made into perfect bowers of roses. In the rear of the garden, towards ilmatsa www.fultonhistory.com 