 litoatlhebhoet. TheLondonTimet,theablestandHiv (neat nflex of public opinion in Great Britain—aska pointedly whether any man in his senses of the secession movement have given ing half the lesser princes of the Empire into shoe-making, clothes-making, engine-making, MB heneve that England and France will consentf IIrepresen- ton Mercury, and published in De Bow's tations. That sheet of yesterday contains the'' 'beendecideduponby rpointamaybe relieddistinguishingSouth Carolina.In the case ofMassachusetts,,)on Tuesday. Meantime it is as-abandon them to the mercy ofher.But a moment's reflection*bind its action. Perhaps the leaders growth of Northern Germany,resultedindriv-quoted from goes on to say that hat-making, wagon-making, wheelbarrow-making, paper-degree..of obstinacy oppo-and all;«4» .......the PoUcy of half a century for the—they will " lead " the movement they have sethas beentwice tried in the General Sessions, and the'''themat President Ospiha had been victorious. A ?Gen. ScOTT,with the Sultan intriguing Foreignmetropolis from further Republican encTOachmtnts.at Albany Intends to meddle still more with the af-kaowtodasas one of-flag-ship of fatal neglect devolves upon him. And he has Ducal House,uponand is entitled to his own judge- isfy the most alarmed of the friends of Italy,it is tocorrectingoneparticularevilwhichisbe a- giningtoprevailincriminaltrials. Ithascome to be very fashionable for juries to disagree upon cases before them. They are conse- quently discharged, and when the same result has happened several times suecessiTe^, in acase, the has liad ao public prosecutorNEWS OF THE DAY.this demand was a matter of dn^—that theseats and guide the counsels of the Cabinet.in the useful, or mechanic arts, by which la- bor is abridged to such a degree, that the ma-any possible temptations of trade or cm- aaj'hdaiyaiTatdMcgilditionofproceeding.high authorityaggre-.f^i|iDM|0«l«wd "HfJlil lllllii IItrain and educate their laborers.be made on the Forts and very little provocation to wish that his of South Carolina, consequentiy, caimot go BmtetVAir hfanaelf may retire, is to be repulsed. The officer in command is name should be held in grateful remembrance beyond the radest kinds of labor, and ^e nec-^.M HIMItint ataything of s^-to do this with suc-at manufacturinginto thechannelsofcoRunerceofthecountryprobablyforce. Major Andebsontheprofitits maintenance.Thedifference in amountofproductionbe-charged with the murder of hisI1860, tractsgivefollowingnavi- and rail- notincluded. The value of such investments exceeds $200,-IIgood implicated in the refusal,mhonor andfaith of the Government areorganfans the flame of sec-cotton-emba^p>, worid ko-^ fiom Waabington this momin; <^ttjp*teliasifwHriititWitT BlvaitmaBt is at the presentagencies uponfour times than the greateraverage amount^'l||^;g^l|ig«itaiqf ieapi»ufi>lereported his wordand less fatal in their aim, a Vice-President ofthe United States was huntedWifMt-'O^^BatT*^ — --hateaThey have felt it necessary(tt-9mr-YaA,t»likelyto be calledtionafter<Iraapena&ulitiea.BipoBdent that Secre-thatih*by. 001 wuby law,laboring Such a rdleoutset,ator DovSLAB intends, on Tuesday, to de- Uiftlii ei|HiUri qieech,tn which he will takeon theJ^nM in*iB>dbfavor of coercing seceding States.that thesafety.of theStateIMtmHnoOBtn.Exchangemovedwithmorefreedomat103^104 ais intothe mind,Hats, andbonnets capsSperm and whale oil and boneIWashington.closed 723, after selling as high as 7iithecoantrr, lias re-We have on—but we are to believe that unwillingThe whole country will sustain the positionMember of Psifiament who dioaldijae toT, dM AaaMant Bacntary, aa has alreadyhem avoDWced, Mi^Md on Thursday,—conse- have governed his action.theyall these things mean ? Has Mr. Buchahak people of the South have thus far only $172 per head of articles contributed to the fimn one end ot tha public indignationliead. A successorthe to Hon. Dasih. S.to have taken.based,whichare thewfll tedgn, piobably on Konday;vamj OHMda tend,untilit couldaasnnteaporitieaMyikdthat other members of the Cabi- It it area very atroagly sagrgest-implies clearly enough We have that any attack that mayamongof affairs between now te Ml '«f Jbseti in the hands offor the honor of theily called attention to the rigoraas «a-fqrcement of justice againat te amiclass of offimdeia ineActed. Kr. Cobwir, the cess—and he asksrecentrqiortsof fte 1(poMWhat c(mtramctOTy.to Iwiipe for secession; while in Alabama, whichhas been strongly counted on to follow SouthCandina immedmtely, the conservatives think theywillbesitetocarrytheState. Milis,ofSouth himtotrustsuchtremendousissuesuponsuchwasaThe number ofployed was 36,588, of which 23,000 were fe-males. The average value of product perwas $725, or ten times than the head, greatertheported to the Court, after a long absence, thattt> «Mi&Nr-f«nnaUy in a body. — 'If^jgUlihdds morning, fhmi our files by the State Government of South Carolina for thatSouth Carolina. It may be said, to be sure, better made fabrics, and lay the Georgia that of the profit due to the manufacturewith a hint that back, quite perspicuous fbtejwould not be dismissed until they had dis- charged their duty. After- an abseaetfofalakifywhile the same idlesition to the inevitable movement of thingsHzcKEK &. Bros, a ago, yearalready).«iteof an axteaded Cotton trade," and now give amaking, chair-making, bucket-making,ten-fold that of uneducated and un-practical indorsement to African Slavery 7 No one,sorts of making at the South, even of the mostbulky articles, involving a high cost for trans-ceedingskilled labor.dustry, assisted by her capital, which is theirfMMi iad K^lish pemla, aewallaa their inter-France^^mightcottonwithin a quarter of ao hour after the<9t8,wUliethe H<«thein States.ticle at any rateUnion, still persist in purchasing everything they want from that monstrous and diabolicalcrop ojthe South !leaaonahle to iIcan Stafta.The news is without any importance.3,376,000—$21,199,9053,439,32641,671132,908 260,000^**hrQ Foreign 6,447,478more nor less than the protection of the munic^al rights of this•'•"'• endmaybut is not one whit leasEmperor,Now, in our day, what ia there in the holdresistviftarmis sothatour ;RepublicanSolonshsd>w^Coastwise..6,833,364better attend to their mannersaverage was notone. The attendance, we an a^rry to a^. what it should hare been." atth* Tlse Sangtaterv^; but, while dissolving the(steam-frigate Niagara, on her way to Japan with the Bmbassy on board, will be found in our col- umnsthismorning. Theyaredatedat inready been compelled to yield? Who couldnot tiie great BxAJUtAis permitted himself to beOpenlnK of the Campaign.Mr. C. C. Spekcbr, of Alabama, whose letter~Batavia,about sympathy with disunionin New-YorkHmii Tinenrto to Batavia occupied 46 days, atroBC mkMwdJtl0g aeea having been encoun-utterlyan hour isrely uponimpulsepol-easilyascertained;which it was had ftrf|lwicould ontheassistanceoftheEditorofthe/feraW,— that he "hated the Union and would gladly seein tite ad-SE^2lSKl'^^^%<n^eS emn trust.ness with which this master statesman. Car- dinal though he was, saw and acted upon theministration ofIt isjustice. oely jnstspectre of attempted Disonion. In the Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday While they deplore the blind madness whichKingdom, peopled by twenty-three mil- lions of free Italians, a Kingdom atrong by landtherefor beingtheperemptoryrefusalofthePresidentvindicates their intended action.tary of War insists on the justice.cials, under the orders of the President, visit the Sonth to stimulate the disunion move-skillandindustryofthelaborersemployed,we was or 1,187,000,every conceiTahle way they an eoa- stanUyevincingtheirhatredanddeteaialta of the institution wlkich is to be the baaia aad comer-stone of the new Confederacy.of Stateassignedone-twenty-fiAli of that of the 'and in"Om- tosendtoFortMoultriereinforcements,which the officer in command has declared to beveiysatisfactory comparative results.•ILLBET. >e.ai Bwad»ar-TK«TIUOAUUT necessary to its defence. Gen. Cass is re- ment, and draw pay all the time from the tions greatiy differ. The vast wealth of mod-which Gen. Cass isMr. BucHAMAN, ifupon, intends to retain possesaion of the fortswhich command Charleston harbor.into an ignominious grave,In his It is also recent Message he takes this position, al-The to to iaattempt bring jostiee Olfcriminal courts, ofiteders poneaifaiormoney politicalinflneiiee»kaaaooOeaAfflad,ingspot,ment of the emergency.wife,He knows what canKr. WAn><tf Ohio, it is known, will take that be done with the force under his command, is to be found with no gre^ peril, and indeed0ilitli( far the speech which he is to deliver and what cannot And his honor as an officer vrith no great trouble, precisely where the 'en Hooday. The effect to be produced by is involved in the demand which he makes for safety of all other great European interests tkeae speeches is a matter of grave specu- reinforcements. Mr. Buchanan refuses them. has been found, whenever those interestslatioB. TheSeceasiimists,ofcourse,contendthatthey will precipitate an immediate collision inSooth Canuina, and strengthen the disunion feel-^ftMa^Mtthe 8tKith;but this view of the unsuccessful attempt to obey the orders which darkest ages of medieeval superstition, whenof some doubt. Advices re. eeived iit Washrngton from the Cotton States arePopedom.a thousand legitimate hopes,.fftfjt inaceplibleJ4r. Buchanan himself has given?Louisiana is represented •^ Mr. Buchanan may say that he has assur- genuineand a thousand services attached the priesthood toThein Finlkt's caseundertook to adoptUpon whose head wUl rest the responsibilityfor the brave blood that may be shed, in an tensionsbroughtpre- Not even in thesingle option public.that no attack will be madethe people of Europe, was the temporal power$26,518,826.operatives em-his Administration. Is it prudent, or safe, forancesduringbeingOanliU 1^ iat home last nig^ht, and the rest of assurances? From whom do they come? solid European progress.average value of the products of labor in listen to no reason, and ordered the panelpledges.they speakBut for whom canthe victorious Protestantism of the sixteenthsuchbut themselves, and who knows hpw long century,-^01 oathe other side ai the Atlantic,who on foot ? Who can answer for the mob of made England sovereign mistress of herself,By virtue of her skill and in-kUwtlMUo to think about the matter,Who can tell to what rash deedsas well in matters spiritual as in matters tem- poral.A third trial of thecase,which was concludedan overwhelm- never would askIbe dokiiaUm fiimi timl State, it is understood, are Who has authority to give them ? Not the Under Philip, the Handsome, the monarchy Yankee would slip in with cheaper andhavebeenintocollisionwiththeof the ever Popesfrom the North, share the same The mulish and bigoted consumers at the South will not touch a Southern-made ar-seduced into his f^tal Florentine marriage,'tB||&npoaussions.and the principal trading pledges must, from the nature of the case, be fatal alliance with Rome. The greatness of ern States, and going into commerce, can betnue Drimtal luanda. The voyage of theJMW) mm <art*_wh»teTer, plaoaCharleston ?portation fate.if a separation takes botwHfBwBortaff* and Sonthem sectionsMassachusetts sends an- nually into the commerce of the country,of O* DnioB, OatJlK •jmpathiea of both the sion may impel that reckless, unreasoningin a verdict of which the reti guilty, jmysome new access of rage and frenzied pas-product,ihave ao- mass, before whose mad behests the wisest chieved in full what he \ afterwards ac-Under BCknkt IV.,Letters from our correspondent on board the and the truest patriots of Carolina have al- complished. In part, imder ^ichilixu, hadhave pledged the mob in the French Revolu-bbad of Java, the capital of all the Dutch tion not to attack the Bastille? All such and through the house of Medici into a morerace—the Yankee.The value of articles produced in the South-worthless — ;we published yesterday, was evidenUy quitein his of active assistance. right anticipationsextreme South consisting of cotton, sugar, rice, lumber, and naval stores, of the shipments of which from the Southern ports, statements, carefully 0Bc>««c«iim«9OMm: Whatoier may be might precipitate an attack. Doubtieas there practical importance of Rome. Hihry IV. prepared, are annually published. The ex-and tosimply to betray a great and a sol-theRichiliiu gave tothethose of thethem forwhichicy of France in 1624, sprang from the clear-faHMSTHKatAeAwsa. Bnt «i% -^o" iiot Ue- billed heart Of eMfhtir I| Uf 'tUv'lBS^un (titek vooU he to defend the nomlnid himi. of at^Iha«midMtta»orftheofdflMtNaofltihmedalwaiv«e4^ihtek Uewa giradpitated by CattJaUeDhris^\f *|wrta^tt»«tato*r4H0>*WMmd 0^ &e Qoiaat of AlHca, prapaiations to mist It On the oontiaty, teadom a^nst revofattionary .vlgteBeelaliia TIiIsagpegat«4BatlhBniteor$iIp«r head,yeatetday befim Uidtad Slatea has tended CcaamlaakiiMr Mniwiiii TwMua Bunuv, an of- nothingandficeroftheXInii«f8«staaaioop^C-waTCatMteUa- strengthenthesecessionmovement,thanthe CathoUoChristendomtoaaextemporisedand 726,000; orattherateof170Ibreaehnegro SBitlimore to encourage(ien,whoaaaiiledfaithecaptureoftheCera,and vaeillaUonandthe oftheExecative impracticablerepublicanmob, itselfa inthebrought the prisoners to this port, was awom and tioiidity callingState, estimating 420,000.'thewIkAattmbertofltii yivmam apos «e "*—-^gave the detaua of the captore, after which the ex- department of the Federal Govenu&ent. The StatemmiiiMiiiilE,bnt it is quite another thing to pretend aminatioa was postponed to Toeaday next, at II PxoFLs, It shoold be understood, are not ter- ^at a well- constituted, lawful, law-abidingbeA.1L rified the byItalianChambera of the Supreme Court, bafine Justice which they created,wasagainuponamotionfor ammitdannia tothe andat hazard,fromtheschemesofcon- ont the intervention of the Italian Govern- Uonsofthesubjectunderdiseusslcm1H|iil(t|Hl lirtrtir 1Comptrollertocompelhimtodrawhiswarrantfor that|SO,000.everyspirators and the machinations of those who ment, or against the sense of the Italian peo-:T.lo«. $36464,788to theand Eren- acdonnts fromNew-York Centralprove traitors to the tmst they have reposed in their hands.Perluips the heat idea of the comparative Befined SugarsThe Slack Market wasatnmpest and twiiciiU^<feli<^i«atmom'-ing on (he improved financial news and tke AndMissouria 66^, after selling e^. Money was easier on mer- cantile paper, though at continued high rates.<dl aodcandles_<m eonnteaaaea iafor Bank and Bankers.Transactions in Flour and Wheat were moder-with theThey do Wlialiilia New-Englandeia have nevw ddl|«: reeefnments were restricted.Th^ President and the Crisis.The Cabinet has sustained another rapture.the United States are within their placedSome percentage.Ifechanics' toolsHanufactures'Of copper and hra&sCutlery 1,200,379TheyaxeinoeMHilfGen. Cass has res igned his post—one of the reasonsasSecretarygetcapital,higheryesterdaytheir, destruction. will hoU to a fearful responsibilityple.M JV-;of SpermSoap and candlesIhave been for theyThe Executiveand that he cannot tional resentment, decries and discredits the,there would be left $195,878,726 of manufac- ceivable threat of ahe adds that " the officer in commandhas received orders to act strictly on the de-fensive." This is certainly s very just and every traitor to his coontry ?infamy memorythonghlike acurse to theno reason to love Mr.ofbut it proper order,—clingscleavingIn Sonth Carolina the articles produced andconsimied at home in the same way will not that crime us would aooa coaetoaa-of thebut to let theculprit loose npm ttayearsplotting'Mtheir underfaUng. Thr TTrldsli piijlfi aa diilUsFrz. -ecaicity of speculative Stocks on the Stieet, butfell off in the afternoon, apparently under political those high executors of their will, who may the Total Prodnettons of the Country. Papermm 4.643,680 should have die^med ii ttw pMMftrsnspicionthat he is either in secretpubliccreepingthe North has ever b^en.andand XTeBiii#—SrAU- ate ; prices closed in favor of buyers. Com in good conspirators against the Constitution he has and ttie amount of capital invested in the dif- Distilled liquorsCMir-VUiUIrt-Aiao Csusiu. Molasses, Fish, Hemp, Hides, Hops, Leather, Tal- the Executive department of the Government duced. Such as dkter into commerce firom Jewelry and watchesflaunt ^MiriMlMf«C 2,291,680 Slavery in the face of Sonthemeni. thef^ii^nlow and Tobacco were In^tive. Freight engage- is wielded for their advantage. The arms of different communities are In very unequal Cordage2,106,000 2,478,410 1,141,604 3,187,656spent a himdred millions <rf d<Aaa to ihtltahsuffered to inter- fere with the positive development of anyshould not be able tohowever. Judge Balcox administered a seiare rebuke to the stupid^ obstinacy which wouldof France, under John Lackland, the Barons,ji#di^ extend to the 29th ult., some Government is soon to surrender all control of England defied successfully this mysterious manufactured goods on the shelf. These,partof cotton belongs to capital. This is true.I of thoaecession movement in the and all responsibility. Not the new Govern- and formidable spiritual Cssar, and forcedconsequently,had to be sent to New-— Rome to see the world, with other_„ JHMBbiniata iuve altogether reckoned with- in existence, and no one can possibly her own. The resistance of the Papacy to the went off under the hammer. The articleIt vrill be seen that, in countingI the sympathy of either Enghmd or France, ment soon to be formed for that is not yetBut wtre themain idle for want of competent hands to ran,thancottonhours, in a case surrounded by not tte slightest doubt, they returned a vetdiet af'murder in the secondThe case of KnaaLsnsL, indicted ftr lO-ceiving the flour stolen by Kasplxs fiuoahave in both instances failed to juries agree.seriouslytheyagree.Inrqdy.leaguetion, industrytrainingprevails,Mackerel andcodtheir totalreach. Th« forts are so weakened aa t» fall in kind, nearly all the articles they consumeXnno HALL—Serca ab9 Dxsobs st AOASBfT. Itelb-atnet—Anins' Fvini «^ rOB AwittVa. t» Bnadwar-Dn-ported to be of opinion that a compliance with Federal Treasury. Open Secessionists fill the em times is the result of the progress madethe Slave-trade.ing hundreds of thousands of ddlan yeadly toan easy prey to their assaults. The Law offi- cer of the Executive department stealthilysuppressingnew-bomMr. Buchanan fears thatMie in fltrir own coontiy, we is some ground for this apprehension, in the turned from Venice, his natural ally, herself ports of the port of Charieston for 1859-60, he would " encourage enlistments in New-a displayt <n Dovd tha JViiaf«ra they present excited state of feeling at Charles- grown mighty in spite of Papal intrigues, and t••totewp* iMWltliM, TheAmbas-it oaiile s fixaU Hdt to tte Dntdt nOor- ton, and the suggestion is entitled to weight. by spurning Papal assumptions, to join with( Mcetrad Oeisiriaiinnck oenniMn, and Bat why did not Mr. Buchanan make provi- the Holy See in annihilating the independenceed tinm ia« jfiuudj wmuft ; and In the sion for the contingency while it could have of Central Italy. He was rewarded with the Southern Review for October, 1800, were asaudi OoiMM. mhfii bagp npcsted previously inof force—it broken up," and that, in case_. after the Iwe^Uou, the Goveraor-Oeneral Why did he tsveagrand aorKeat die pdbee. The JVuu'ara been done with perfect safety ?those forts before the election,wasforeseenbutbeforeit He cannot plead igno-dagger of Bavaillac, and France with the mis-follows :following announcement :NEW MILITABT OROANIZATIOR FOB THI PROIIO- TION OT MUNICIPAL RIGHTS AND THR SOUTH.Py advertisement in another column it will be seen that a new military organization Is about to be estab- ilshed In this City, under the auspices of Mr. Jaku E. KiaEioAir, member of Congress elect from the FourthWM ton^tafatSip(^>ore—manwiiichportweshall pmhil'lT leeeive anodier batch of correspondence. AB.ea-MnkeMreported welLE.1*.386,770 .159,339V.l«iV.la..to leave onof the and murderous Export.. papallsticTnesd^,i,garrisonRegencydeMedicib. Richelieusawwe receive later ad- vices fibm ReWiJSianada and the Central Ameri-Deduct receiv d rm GeorgiaJierth Star fromofder to secure the most contemptible of tem-District of this The City.Aspinwul,colossal gameobjectproposed corpsnight, by the principal artists, who evidantlyOct.forHong-Kong,notwhen the dangerhad become imminent ?erableMabiefor what they were, a succession of weak,CoastwiseBy tta aitiral at this port, yesterday, of the rance. He knew perfectly that South Carolina vacillating, selfish princes, playing the most Total 546,109 $24,574,905GuataoMla. From {wvador, we ing,this and look Winter,together,crop^POUtoUyand finwiiialW, ia in a dbtreaaedthemen in Fort Moultrie shall hold the fort,offa«Ufai»»IaiM- Another levohition la nieIf thePresident intends thktgaUant.12,280,832 309,381 really Bbls.well ere they leap' •fTMe8antii^ted.of the North Star have been an-uniteduponfrom insisting upon the surrender Stores 157,787 336,680.^.S'"'*?? Express. Her treasure list t aiuion of dollars.He disarm the movement of the great Ecclesiastical City to its natural mayof some' "" "f!g"'g.^JiaPtiy badlyfrozen,andIHBMpntWi. ^BW^fher as abyIvastedera^ii.'these thernaidentwouldbareihaMeiitettiai^IeeMaUntitled Document<^'>° e "otany aggression npon absolutely oecessaiyprotection of the Government.ton shouldrights, measureaportion grownsuit for libel, in which the damages awrescued untU 7tflielMK gNWMay- BKniag. At about the same tion for theofprecau-River,goes" —Apacific" move- 'hour theLmd was capsized rescued mpublic propertyments. It Intends to preserve the Union by Kev. Mr. Bodga, who was Lyonsdale, byttoop/no^just above aI^ ex-forand Powers in a grave, dignified and appropri- made for the State probably greaterHnil|iH,.lflia6the «nW: ««shipment.m dcoMd opw (be cqbubvb tttm of (ke product. The total estimate f« «U «rU- Kew-Xo* City into civU cojwaottou.one. CoaUinto a course which have a maythey require. 'VfJ^OfGamettDemerett,fromNew-York, ofeveiythingoffensiveby—B. J.Prteoe's VkM." atSiSSJWirHrt.Jf"".TMTtmrsday night at 8 is a purely defensive actto Charleston about 200,000poem called U»ebook tkemselvaator a^ *^*igN*'#'*5!i''gP**"y frozen that he will prob-the of anew propriety creatingto fear from either of these nahThe pleasant evening.^SSr^^.S^'J"';-,"**'°'' namedMooM, signedinanywayor make but that it islywith a new head for the Church of ton, received fromnight«i^XaaiOuibtl- attftckthedisregard Fort,assurances,had threatened secession in caseofof theis of a character somewhat different from that of mili-IiIhcolii's election, and he knew that LiircoLir was likelyspiritual charlatanism in or- advantages, and as he saw he struck.Total Bici.He saw Paul IV.etofattmus th^ a decisive battle had been fought and put these forts in condition to meet any against Italian cities, Cliuknt Vm. clutching Coastwise471,109 Tierces. 43,354 94,219..137,673 Bushels.tary companies ingeneral, being nothingNo reliable is obtained of the move- to be elected. faiformationdid he not act —upon poralcompetent"^ *^ Chief MoSQincRA, S?"^ revolutionarynarar feils putus, wereaeareelypr^iaraaforsaBfcato SnrOnttida, but it was generally believed onIt is believed that the next Legislature which is to meetto weyd Ba»emergencyTheforallthisatFerrara, Urban Ann.the Totalsuccesses, and tUs wc saythe more m-to the laaiejter, at Panama, had resigned in conse-tn view of the vocal accident wMefc slightWhy urgent representations ofThoroughlybe, and completatyatit is his solemn duty togivethem the aidItaly Navalin the Stat $28,088,587secession. We under-responsibilitydespoiling Urbino, and he reso-uo—Rough.Foreign 91.237fUrsof this City by destroying certain of its stitutional rights, and by legislating certahicon- offi-her greatestbesitatingly> marredtheeffectofthetriointhesecondact SIgaarOaroliniaa officer, belongingSgence of the secession movement, and another no right now to plead his own past dofault as lutely put forth his hand against the Roman Coastwise*" ** *'• ^"1/'' ^'^^ signified a reason for declining to perform a duty, puppet to ptill down with it the Spaniard andcials elected by the people out of office, in the same Snoiui recovered himself co«»pletely as X«t«r(,aa'*K2-5a'°°*'"'^ the same course from theway aa was done in the case of Mayor Woop. SuchMr. is determiiud to attempts Kerrigan's organizati»nspWt. Herr Foams fallj sattalHaltSiS'^SS?'' puianing*?**''« maon. there ia net^if new fromwhichhave been made more embarrass-imperaMve.the become.t- on tha AWthe wasIMCSthan indeed, performanceto coerce the— StatecussingnonFrance. Austria sees the Legations rent away Butwithont raising an arm to defend them. Wliat adjoining the Savannahtiie call to communicate with Mr. Kiaaioiii,of the If theat $10,«0», tes been brought agalaitCal*of Romethe world to deter aundesirabletermination. TheKerriganorgani- zation will, moreover, be Pro-Slavery in principle, andTo-daythereUa Reghnent"assurances that it and national uses ? France is protecting the that it is not de- person of Pius IX., while she is openly dis-LrciurR-—Mr.niOoanovA,CUntoa BaU, to-hasTotal whose supple instrument it had LCHBIS.vrithhis reputation as the best Bertram asfa,of Charles-people isItalythanletting South Carolina secede and plunging with fc ^a*"!! added the murder ofU^IRtll Coun-The Secre- High offi-time in Greatgjtrllttb^Ul^iart dagiee important G«n. Cabs, consent to share the responsibility of such a Federal authority, and assails and de- Britain is estimated to perform the labor of into the commerce of the cotmtry in an equal jority of the House of Commons. Aad tkebecome emulous of the fame of BnnniCT Ar- to a very slight degree availed themselveslaafea commerce of the country,—a sum more than to the other. Any crae m^ knows anyftiffnold? Has he forgotten how, for political of thoseoffencesinfinitelylesscriminalintheirmotive is wealthwhich nationalEn^h public sentimat knows theaa to take them into serious cooalderatiaa.— the name of Aasoh Bubk with theexceeding $109,000,000Jnstiee ia theOyer aadlgenerationthattheir shall neither read nor write.classeswere deducted in the rate of $100 per head.which is at theby publicand that genera-their use culture and skllLis, of course, incompatible with that degree of skill necessary to compete with those whoThe peoplecause ofAmericanswillbrand toenactimpliesvery high degreein the value,Bdchahah,morethan$26 or probably equal per head, sayeyesYork for a market,'.and undoubtedlythirtythe Popesthose unique fragments of melody wMdiaope —who regards them as gems, and tmts Asi^ as «akAvig-palace,;to be in tiie leaatthe trial of KniinLsnu., indicted for receiving can precipitate any section of the country upon and by sea, and stronger in the sympathies of census we have is that of 1856, a very full UaotpraqwetAf fktee trade kail «Hlalt%vstolengoods,reeidtedhihiseonviMion. Thejury —in the case of Fulit, after an absence m its horrible hazards, while they stand ready nine-tenths of the civilized world, shall not and complete one, taken by the Statte authori-degree.ttona for aaaanlt and battery, one by, and ue other tnm the current of public thought into more—upon, a Pblicemaa. In the former the prisoner peaceful channels, they neither blench norwas acquitted, hi the latter convicted and sent andand six months. quail in presence of the advancing Demon.the proposed SoufliMni mt HnnMaiaiij,hoara lettoned • vodlct of murder inalaimed at^tiueatoT wftthaW^rfoverthe secondwere only two trlala. Theee were* on prosecn- sanction, to ward off its dreadful issues and ly on a great question of liberty and order that year was $296,820,681. Of tite total ag- em friendi ftir notice flatthirtyanything which justice and honor willenjoythe 'righttospeakbe heard decisive-ties.The total value of the articles ' producedIn the General Seaaiona therecotton.OBthecoBinr]ritliirflTO«Blto State Prison for twoAt a Special Term of the Snpeiior Court, beforebythe fruit of those works.Whilf Italy ture, the greater portion Of which were con-t^^yeata—strong is consolidating, the question of the Papacy sumed at home, a balance of $229,-destxoy,ftat they have nothi^ Skumtjto doandwithin her own borders. Cavodr and Victor gregate, values to the amount of $66,489,826They feel strong in material resources,Justice Woorawr, an important motion is now in loyalty to the Constitution which their may remain a European issue, debatable be- 880,866 of fabrics consumed in other States aspending, involving the title of stall-holders In the tween one and anottier Catholic markeu to the stalls in their poasesaion. At fothers framed and in devotion to the UnionWe a Power. Italy generally as by the people of this. giveWe tnist Sooth Oanttutrfirerelationa awhile tebm sheEnvgrExtraonHaMyandUSqi^ QiH^rt It <%featonaef—SVTBXBI.AIID, the claim of MoSpbdok & Bakxb faltering purpose to rescue both, at any price issue, in no wise to be concloded either with- ues, as interesting and indubitable illustra*'pasteIfaEhakuel will befor American and achieve historyafoond tlie IFnicm vriiitdi tfaey amIron and manufactures of iron Taloe ot the Cottoa Crop Compared with Steam engines and machineryie,IU,23S10,336374 strange<^*i#if ior value of theMr. BccHANAir may as well understand that Northern and Southern States is to be obtained BooUandShoesmagnitudeby considering the relative degree of educa-whichrequest at advancing rates. Cotton was in demand, sworn to support, or that he is a supple but fereiit branches of industry. Hardly any cen- Clothmgas were also Sugars,prime lots of Coffee, and GUssaad Krwdnt-IUSA- Whisky. Provisions, Metals, Naval Stores, Oils, ignorant tool in their hands. The power of sus will give the total value of articles pro- Uusicsd instrumentsratio toproduction.produce, ;others a onlywe couldsmallat the amount ofBut if and theTotalThe population of Massachusetts in 1866could formestimates of theUnitedStates. Now,insteadofconsumingonly their share of these manufactures, whichare consumed abroad and in other States, aagenerally as at home, we will estimate thatthey consumed 16 per cent., or values to the the recognition of such a Confederacy,, uadar amount of $84,407,128. Deducting this sum,very:$I73,384,487It is in these particulars that thetwo sec-chinery employedat thepresentturedarticles,theproductsof the Stateenteringdriven frompower by aa overwhekBtef aa-other nounces every friend of the Union 600,000,000 men. Hence the enormous pro- degree as those of Sonth Carolina. Thishia- ilortHn aa Secntarr of State. Mr. and less creditable reasons for his withdrawal, in the Southern States. V^at do duction and wealth of that country. The gate would give an average production of plead its cause, would be seoofsd tx Aohereafterto the President that United States who betrayed the citadel of its of the almost uniform failure of all attempts Massachusetts, then, produces and sendstheir labcn:and the flag intrusted to his keeping, we trust he may spare himself the infamous almost entirely unproductive when directed of the two States exported for general con-ourselves to the relative value of the products MaBaONO- the Booae Special Com- with all his resources and to the last ex- notoriety of being the first President of the to other kinds of industry. This is the secret sumption.:kiri aiwttnr meeting yesterday, butexpected to repel any assault, and to defend the property; but,agriculture,beingHehe has not force enoughcomaurity, at Judge6ooui,inteOycroadtremity.representsConstitutionintothehandsofitsfi>es.the Itanda ofTerminer. Thetransacted in that tribunal, lead to fliecountry, essarily devotedtoandfeatures of modem society, be-productions- -"Js-j-'^^^est-wr•^^Wiinigpw^wfl^^WI,",^PJBPi Ji I. .«or to reftise the it at ancient capital of of the wholB popdatiM, «attmatfBgof aboth foreign and coastwise, according York City to fight the North." The Heraldto the truth of these to the annual statement in the Charles- is prompt justifyas lias beenalreadyCOTTOH.Foreignhat hoTotal.....Add 10 per eent for other ports Total for the Stateaction in caseBtandjthatfifty volunteer companies, representing75,000fslt themselves completely at honeistk^ varions rUc*.The South Carolina Railroad brings annual-bales of Cot-the Railroads.- Georgiain South Carolina,to Savan- The estimate we havevorably to the call. Ail captains of volunteer compian-nies desirous of In the movement are taking partThis is one of the Herald's" unangaged mayNow, by way of eompaifton, let as see what are the amount aod value of the prod- ucts of the State of Massachusetts. The lostsfaipaf^«UiiTotyet justified by their works were products of agriculture and manufac-and in their im- consolidated, makes that question an Italian list of some of these articles, with their val- strongintheCottonStates. Theseattempts and failures are made the spe- more than four times as much, per head, ofIt isaShaitUA • piopoeition giving the scarcely credible that, under such eircnm- If the situation in which the Papacy finds cial subject of an article in the Angust her population as South Carolina. But this is that it may be a permanrat hidwaA aar* TBrritary the ezelnaiTe right to electand to make theli own laws, subject, ^ to the ConatitDtiim of the United States.reinforceme^gts.stances, his request should be refused.If Mr. BucHAKAN intends that those forts shall be defended, he ought to send troopsItaly and the Papacy*itself to-day were utterly withont precedent In number of De Bow's Southern Review, fornot all. profits gation;In the products of her industry, thethe encroachments ofcormptionandopposedbyThegreatshoemanufactoryin Charleston f<illedbothathomeandhe should surrender themhistory,asthe uproarious episcopal advocates ofthe Papal throne would have the world believe, ";which so often of criminal justice.at otherseveral of the Be-, aa carrying Slavery into all the enough to defend them. If he intends that it might be more difficult than it now happily for want of Soutlum patronage. The Charleston cot. roads,companies, abroad,areto discern a^feailMee adjourned nntU Monday. It is believed and loyal men upon such a missien, and then few European friends are endeavoring to con- sale, while thousands of bales of Yankee domestics slave property of South Carolina, estimated begun to acquire, as the strict vindic^or«rflBS-^^thats laportwill be made early in the comingof''ase,and,withoutvotingontheproposition,the inadvance. Hehasnorighttosendbrave fromthedilemmatowhichPiusIX.andhis tossndCharleston-madedomesticstoNew-Yorkfor 000,000,asumequalingthevalueoftheentire overwhichhepresides,theprestigewfciehithad;fi^i«theytaken,is,escapeItaly ton factoryfeltthe samepressure,compelledterm,preserve for4ha Cootia . under the decision in the Dred Scottshall bewayfor unitedand wasmarket. It soon found itself under necessity of send- ingItsgoodstoNew-York,whilethe Southwasal- most wholly supplied by I^orthem manufactures. The Company soon sunk its capital, and went into new hands. The tecond Company labored under much the same cause of embarrassment and sunk another capital, and the concern w«nt into the hands of a third Company, and is now managed by ^fourth."The article goes on with a long list of simi- lar attempts and disasters. An attempt was made to establish the manufacture of cotton on an extensive scale at Augusta, Georgia.The whole tiling, according to De Bow, disastrous failure, the capital invested entirely lost. This establishment, while it lived, had to send Its fabrics to New-York. No one would buy them South. Why ? Theseems inclined topartialjustice. HisactiimintheeiseamnBTdemn, CD what ia eoiMidered reliable authority, reinforcements unless he needed them. He is past of ecclesiastical Rome ought to sat- to Columbia (the capital of South Carolina) for afrom which we :theex-of her investments in commerceiiwere being distributed through the South to supply country merchants. Tiie Saluda factory started with the most brilliant prospects. That Company lookedit at $500 a-bead, and yielding an annual netAni<k». Cottou'goods Woollengoodsiiaif among theleaving\ofcontributed per head by the population of things to be true—and the Sontii will do ««of articlesproducts of the State consumed on the spot,$20,000,000 in all. But we do not propose togo into this branch of the subject, bnt confine ment against such despondency, wein banks; insurancevery nearly equaling that of the entireslave labor of the State, taking out the cost of be hoped may have a salutary influeoee ialabor North andter seen than in comparing that of the Sonthern field hands with that of operatives employed in the manufacture of cotton at the North. The value of cotton fabrics manufactured in Massachusetts, in 1855, equaled $37,104,000. The value of the raw material used (105,851,- 749 pounds,) being $10,585,174. The net profit added by capital and labor, wastweenSouth,is nowhere bet-millstransferred to South Carolina, they would re-locates itself in Massachusetts because it can be joined with industry andskill, which combined, jrields a reward ex-them.Capitalvery e.2,663,619 will take promptMatmit. Is the opera.the Stateofvalues greater than that of the entirein the andyesterday Oyer Terpilner,He assured the South that theydependimpartiaSfyof Massachusettsrupturepunishmei^whose hnmor- three thousand members, have already responded fa- ous lectures have become the rage, will read his aswvitedat 74 Mott' street(BHd|l|t.linliiil'eoMaeitfatffl^^Maeemtoluivcrveiyiitlieic^eetfiirit Tke Ka^i* nted aasaa^Dt7,344390 rent history, XtaA nj.,,Sqiifl|eni2,056,630 6,813,390 7,720,633ofsecuring En^iah:37,489,923 more fanatical in thdr hatred ef Hcra^f Mta7,632,718 7,766,996 2,829,6403,164328 tiie negro onafiwtingofsoeialaqiai^. fhqr9,081,896 lose no to 2.648,126 opportunityjury prevailingmode, in this and im- respect,iettt» ezeUed bylhityB.andtestation vA hatred tat iaKthey are se^ng to pnaerwaad teeiMMbit in their own Colonies.scolding our Osrvenaoent for Its laeHeteMy ^They ai« Read- procure cotton from other regioBS of the ««A,The Minister who should hint with fiivor Aas to have fiiar in inspired ^theallcheckorcontrol. Byway<rfgence,prevailJudge Balcoh, who is faslding thesubmitted.that the forcible remarks of the Court ia itscharge, on the snbjeet of diaagreanaiits, ooa-ducedtoso ai of speedy Huxffi duty-This convietioB ol fnaiunsL eertaiaj|f will not detract from tke craditof tke CoartvIt is onlythat the receiver should suiTer at least as severemeted oat upon the young man whom he seduced intoplundering his employer's wealth. ,AeadeaiylafniHale.There are few standard operas in the Italian orGerman repertoires more gwisraUy acceptable thaa MiniBm's"Robertle MsUe." Withontthajw-wOTks, Ittenceof the master's subsequent poaiasjaaaU the best characteristics of Us genlos, aad ia MB afInto—knows bow to bring jwomtaaBoa. Tasiriasi-psl morceaux of tlie opera ware ezadtaafiy sIvsD la«as Xme. Faaaai t» we knowease as that renditionofherpart. Itmostbaregardedsanggreat^p^;\ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 