 i|lJa;1|— *•""'abettercbanceofsuccessthanDouglas. If Breckin- licancandidatewillbeleesthaneixt?thousand[cheers], nowproclaim-edopenly•inthemarket-place,that we TothtEditor 4fTh*N..' ,» ,.Y. Tribune.>were better adapted to bisjifcaliry than others; but —We translate ihe following extracts from one of is progressing gloriously here. We have Clubs inI ?© sot believe I ever did oven this. Gut with almost every township; and in November we expect Mr. Ottendorfer's editorials in the Staats Zeilung:having left .the Democratic organization on the L8r compton issue in 1858, since which time - he has been an active worker in the Republican party-in Con- necticut.iaH and a pair of spurs. .[Hey refine even upon that in Cincinnati, wbere/acoordirg to the correspondent of a morning paper, full evening dress is a white cravat. The Priii ce of Wales appeared in this charmiogandtbe Episcopal Convention of New-York State condemn- ing it, and bow each voted. I am confident, by so do- inj^ you will confer a great favor to many thousand Episcopalians, who axe unwilling to permiti the captain of a slaver etanoing on bis deck to say. " Your church, refueed to condemn my business," ana obligeA PENNSYLVANIAEPISCOPALIAN. Honetdale, Pa., Oct I, 18C0.[We prefer not to print the names required. Tha1the evening was closed with a torchlight processionummteszzzuBCSSz•70 per cent-of the voters of that party will go for Lin-coln and Hamlin. Surely, the People are " wide-—Mrs- Margaret Lewie Livingston, tbe daughter of Morgan Levels, formerly Governor of New-York, an officer in the war of tbe Pu volution, and a MAjor-Gen-i *««the startJed ear. Nevertheless thu jpeopl^ of'thevania* exprtrt»»ed to unanimonaty aud v)g->rou-»lv their recent occadon he was repelling the charge that the As soon as this became known, the people determined grnnd<?st; ever witnessed here, if not the grandest ever-sisted in a nch looped, it is not diftlcu't to see where it must end. Tbe large was* of really byal and patriotic people/at tr-e South have found the North substantially eneoaragiDgtheoriginallysmillbodyofviolentoV XDii-l«d men who we e beiit on .maintaining a Son-hern sec'i nal p a r / . Th-»y have been left to tight the bat- tles of tie whole country single-handed and under every d'scourfgerrent, and tbe only wonder w that they "were not s« oner overwhelmed. The South has been infiaa ed by ^n<mlca'ing the be:ief tnatthe Northfe bent npon destroying her property and .interferingwith her coi>stini«iona]. rights, and that her only safetyone million. He was ,a plain-Bpokou man, and here speakers" < was talking treason in th< streets of St. Louis. lie-conid hot talk anything else if ho talked a^ an honest —The following local Republican nominations haveman, bnt, he found himeelf out of place here. [A voicb 1ecu made:.—'You'reathome."J Here,saidhe,arethepeople Saratoga County—For CountyClerk,Jaa. W. lookatthemanybeautifuR-hingeintheatelier,we of fliiti-ouri, who ask me to make a speech, and at oho Hortm; County Treasurer, Henry A. Mann; Super- took a strob about the village, which was a new and same time there are law< as to wnat kind of speech £ intendent of l^oor, David Rowley; Justice of Sessions, interesting revelation to me, and a fitting accompani- may make. The first duty that you owe to your ciiy Seneca Duel. ment to the visit at the stndid. We went into many of and yourselves is to repefifc and abrogate every law on, St. Lawrence County—Assembly, Diet. I., Charles the cottages and talked—that k my friend did—with tbe your statute book' that prohibits a man.from saying Richardson; I I , Edwin A. Merrit; School Commis- subjects of many pictures that 1 have seen by Fidre. what his 'honest'judgment and sentiment and heart sioners, Dist. I., Martin L. Langhlin; II., Calvin C. Just tbjnk of teeing the originals of all those char«»ing tell him en the truth. {Mingled-surprise'and appro- Church. -bation on the part of the crowd ] ThtVugh I have saidthese hord things about the State of Missouri, I haveno hard sentiments about it or St. Louis, for I have•••BIfi! .!• , ta prevent any and all ©vert acta of treason. Again, I never»aid tee, Daniel B. Lincoln, Harrison T. Lrncoln, Calvin -that LiBcom wonld be defeated ia New- York by 40,000, and in" Our political history will not close with the Presi-dential election before us; the relation between causes " The undei-cigned, supporters of Fillmore and Don- the gronnd at precisely 6£ o clock. Careful examina- any former year, and consist of a'Floral Hall, 24 by 170>i• :f:Republican.JstTMotrJct S.-R. Cnrtia.lid Diktrict........ V\'m. Yandever.Democratic.C. CCole.r Bbn. M Samueltireat iai<h aud hope—nay, absolute trust—in Provi- fence. ; What Missouri wants_ isj:courage, resolution,6^ahWMr*****"'-&#d$iA *n--- •i $$R*?&*?J^PHB"USEfOFPRIVATELETTERS.of rule-or-ruin Douplas men in this Sfca'e who donth&journey and torn backon my footsteps. Wbea- reond, psinfnlry woprcfUa >le, and prodamve only of ever^JbaJlfind any reason to suspect that the majority difasters t,hat no one can j ore'ell or' measure. So ob- will do nothing whijh tends to g've Breckinridge which tbe State of New York will giye- for. the .Jtopib.- vious, indeed, are the frightful tendencies of the policyYORK ON THE SLAVE"succei-8 of Lincoln, fhere are also muititudeB^oifJBreckinridge men in tbi* State who would sooneroeidraggedasunderbywildhor»esthanvoteforDong'as, in1787 Sbesustainedtheordinanceof'87tillyou Whom they rf gard as unspund, both personally andpolitically. Then, there is a branch of the foreign votelikely to come to us since Douglas hae united with theKxow-Nothings, but which would leave naif we alsounite with the Know-Nothings. Tbe tripled fumouUdca turned oat in larg* numbers aod were addre*s<:dST. Ci-uRSVtiXJa, Obto, ftypt. 20, 1800., Jt».tH©JtAC* €fRKKJET.—S»r .• A t ft B<jile,verett»eeit»« **W k«T»ta»t«r»«nl»c. **- J« w - Glower, e«J , the> B«U- "_mim^t aaa******* ^ . Conpt»» in the X V n t h Congrefta District yr+A*4 W«t»ht»an<Jl*i>c«aHnt«fwhathecaJludR«pablican G**>p<3fr iocvtMHit*, Including *' ReYpcT*! lai{wndiop Criaia/'"••sat* 8«a>n*TV $p**«h « o i h * hwh*rt«m of Slvr^ry," claiming, wiaJa a*l««c~<f «nte<i atopiditj. that th*y conUloed th* creed ofLincoln succeeds they start even with us in the race of 1864. They, therefore, would- infinitely prefer thewculd, lam inclined to think, cost th* parlies to the contract a number of thousand votes: at all events, enough to render our defeat as certain as the coming'SIR: On the 15t»> of December, 1&56, Mr. EtWidge of Ttnneeeee introduced the following reaolutio^ in the H<use <f Representatives:"Retolted, That tbia Houae of Repreaentativea regard all mt- byAdolphNoHe.ofRocfe*et«»r,wiihgreatpower. geationaandpropo«Hionaofeaerykind,bywhomsoevernuMto for a jevival cf the Africin SJa»e-Taide, a« ahoeaing to the««iHM'V«t<{y jraVt>h O'Cooor'a defanae an SaraiMT'i Ca-tl- servant.W. M. MEREDITH,,election day. I * * •- ; * • . •" Entbu^iasM won't stay at a red heat dunng a long ask less, exaH; less fron bim, and support him more/saggjUfyjtetsI -.c^sstaasBOsaatw*aasgeeg^ww^--'-1'-'--''*Bht Mr. Lincoln appears to me to have two mertts, one . aV> R*>p»bHe*n party. B e aUted th«t be had wzitven to yoa of etyle and one ot 8ub8taiice,^which more than makePERSONAL.—Paul'Morpby and Louis Paulsen, the noted chessplayb/Sj are in town, and will probably remain hereduring'be coming week. On Fiiday evening they N*ys57. The onjy Northern vote cast against tho were,both »t the rooms tfjtheCbess Club in: t «e Uui- resolution was Tom Florence of PennsyWauii. What vertity budding, but did not play together. Mr. Mor- Tom's religicoe sentiment are I am unable to say If<wtta«otwte*HniEhlap«Htfa«,r^qu^ttlng y«*of>a«ndUm thoea §»tmm'*Tit», end thai yea had ivpHed to him that yon did not *tok •*OM7 woold suit thi. locally." Knowls* thai >twa« a •ardteal e*a«t»in* In your political faith that erery ride of e r o y qpeation ahonld be fairly laid btfore the people, and that youup any such deficiency, if it be one. . They a-.e: first, that he says what he means; and, sccoiidly, that: he meana what be pays. ',I-am, gentlemen, with great. esteem, your obedienternment and rUiz-na uf the United Statea "to thV»rreetptrnoao'h'aad •xenratlnnof all civilized and Chriatian people throaghout the laorld."poisona,\Y•onId vote for jVemont for fear of being mobbed. I speeches were made by E. L. Sanderson, esq., of" We deubt the ability of fusion to do either the one thingortheother; webelievethat bythismeansthe end will not be reached, and that even if it were possi-" Lodi Wide-Awake Brigade" turned out in uniform, with their lamps and music, and there weremany respectable Democrats present. The meeting cannotNaples, has purchased a mansion in Paris for $300,000. HiswifeisaBrazilianprincess,andprodigiously rich.thinktheRepublicanswill poll50votes nonSOTLin-Brooklyn,andtheHon.M.J.TownsendofTroy,andFromOnxOwnRepoitv.ELMIRA, Tuesday, Oct. 2,1860.Bepubllcast to be the.trury conservative V***ywwy and ruympathiie as, heaxtiry with thi»; as I didwtth theAstoyour.Prefidentialcandidate,I.knowhimonly from report and from a perusal of some' of his printed apeechee. Judging Jrom them, I take hun to be alarge nTictfed man; ot great x*s«arcb and comprehensive views,, and of. decided but wiee and moderate« pidions. He does not deece: d to tbe inanities of artificial rheto- ric,theentanglementsofpurpose<tambiguity,orthe extravaganires of political declamation. Pefhafs the«emt*y not be so. essential to the character of a practicalrstatesman as seems to have been sometimes suppoBedLs' quence of thatv a'llance There are multitudes and^Plave been urged from the begrnniog to^abau their a»»sewe»t by Mefenrs. Keitt, Yancey and Sam EPJ8COPA L CONVENTIONOP NE W TRADE.:.-••*majesty at Pal*> e varieties of thef e all our readers i themwinbe-gbn and appearance. •» tbe plante aodss*Lwdon, tbat. writes more fob" person, but tb>.s^pace*for iobis <n hiscopioosquoci In Demerara, th0,3rar'» of tjbe orchid *o n.trnl" Elixir Vof farina-like eecd* <: ecpertrtilious 2f« the plants a m; 6t grief and joy, r,f hatred, and eve;i * a holy infiuence. i risge celebrated,.« which tho aid of expiefsion t o ' th the devotee ai ti1crver'at the fee- >1 survivor at the gri on fast dayf or ft in momenta of nh and regarded »»if "FlordeCorp:-*, Maio," 'h'oir,c c names of the tusi high coneider<i!>o: new world, tntt every appearar- e from contact, vrt* gioiiea and ab< . i by princeege* or 1agalni tho larirasperies are mace ' conn Vry, and poufloods. ;' Thusrit wo-.lc•ated for thepr^.'.it sight and sm-U; mala. But cat; manity, fcas rr.-: b pbmt/ssubset run the Maxillaxia I insipid waiery f.poor natives of F is extracted from need as a cooHi g certain species a and Mr. Bateaaj of the fihoemake matter obtained uinms, as are th<Of alltbestra that of taking a animal kingdom' writer in anol<enapes are 'SOS / . are the least unj' the bosom of the mala, reptiles-'of rising as if to na be seen in the bfi very'flowers ra« the *ing." Th: but even the cocour native sp*c, man, 6tc, eaqi "warmer olimata:• other blfda^'-v 'l. bear to a gentle from the sky. i W< varie.irs Bbpoldb* by supers itious sa such as aride*.the higher cias; oncidia^andepk the lower '* mjaThe orchids ai restrialand epipl in our own anc i the lady-tlippe-r on the grouno.rot;"whileti'*5o laiitudes, wh^ra dead trees. O; rieuee, and.Mti American Cyc^j in Java alone th varieties were i years ago, bat. pi within the past'Vandaieres ard epid«ndr<rie, t it aery men and th and more string tudee of Jkran home to create a tbe begonitts Lav Saccolobiyrri.gt grandtflora wei attencion among. from the West and tlie beaa if quickly anions a , Wben or by t the green-houM^a less tbe heher b* who hnpcrte<i iO vated them for h attracted litde at exhibited by l)r<• Horticultural Sm «ince which t-uu Tbe, Doctor, bit which bis lire? ex one hundred van Mr. Van Torsi 'oi finest coilectioi o very large imp- of another gen-t* plant of the Ftmbut three leaves, plants which c*.*t—Monday evening Mr. Horace Greeley delivered ah Remarks.—Mr. Glover is certainly a scoundrel, address before the New-Utrecht Lincoln Club, at BayRidge, L . I . Republican sentiments are taking deep root in that hitherto stronghold of Democracy. At this, thefirst public Republican meeting ever held in the place, there were present, in epite of the inclem- ency of the weather, between 150 and 200 persons, who paid most respectful atrention to a speech of two hours' length at the conclusion of which a large num- ber signed their names to the Conetitution of the Club, and.enrolled themselves as members for the campaign.•necessary, after all. If we can again come together, if there is no insuperable bar of principle, why couldn't we stay together and save all this trouble, is the very natural inquiry. Squabbles so read.ly adjusted by traffic, look vastly,- to common men, like lawyers' squabbles in court, the paid-for wrath, which w a s harmless and Pickwickian as the soaring doves. And thus the moral strength and high zeal of a good cause are frittered,a way. "sustain Gen. Lincoln.":•pby-plh-yed with Mr. Jam< s Thompson, and beat bimtwo gfcmes at the odds of ;t knight, Mr; Paulsen had&portie with Mr, Lichren iein, whom he beat. A con-test betw»en Mefsrs. Morphy and Paulsen isspoken of,his vo'e is a fair criterion to judge by/ he would not have been out of pia*> in the late Episcopal Conven- tion of New-York State.Isitjofsib'e the Episcopal Church dares not con- demn the African slave-trade—dares not to condemnPhiladelphia,train of pWoeoJte' and conferences. The very fact of negotiating for a reunion goes to show plain, reasoning, and earnest men, that the original disunion was not sofaithfully, than any other State can do. That is the way sV-e did with John Quinoy Adama, that ia the way she sustained Gen. T«ylur. and that is the way she will[Loud cheers ]—The Repubncans of Ulster County had an enthu-eiastic meeting at Elmore's Corner, on Saturday even- ing, Sept. 29. There was in attendance about 350 Wide-A wakes from Kingston and Rondout. The« meeting was presided over by the Hon. George T. / Pieree. Wm. W. Hegeman, esq., of New-York, and the Hon. Butler G. Noble of Wisconsin, were the si)eaker8. A correspondent writes us tbat though this coanty has heretofore given a large majority for theSept. 29,1860.- pattoa of Sfcarery. I IWt confident that the atatement waa not ttae. lfantxT>«,"ple»»«contr»dlB< It to any way you a«e proper.OHIO."signal. BnhI They, saw a little white ffag croesiog thimbleful of brains requisite to impel him to ch*l- ders all further efforts unnecessary. and recroesing between ue and our foes. And this hasfry bis own showing, if be elicited a private letterfrom a stranger by such acte as he here assdrts,and then road© the uae of it he 11097 does, allowingthat theTe ever was sucu a letter. He who makessuch use of another man's private letter, written athis own solicitation, writes himself down a villainin characters which all men kn*y read. But I havesot the leant recollection of ever writing any suohtetter, and am confident I never did. Why was It is their intention to bold weekly meetings in the dif: zation was concerned. We crossed the Rubicon. Our there not one Republican in, that meeting with the ferent villages of the township until the election ren- columns were arrayed for battle, and looked to see tbebut a point of etiquette n>j y keep them apart. Thefoimer gentleman eince bin Eurcpean succees has de- what tne politicians in Congress, by a vote of three to—A correspondent writes to us from Upland, Del. been kept up until cowards have had time to lo>k for awake." •: Jenge Mr. Glover—as I now do—-to produce the let- tbe 8+rorgest side; until tae ardor of our bravest hasthrough /Mrs. Thomas Potter, presented to tha local and others, to addxeets my fellow citizens oa the pend- inrir'ge, Douglas, and Bell. The following is the vote Wide-Awakes a tiansparency and banner.ing political issaee. ' jni8l&-S0tbeMipfonriCompromisewaspassedbythe votet"of certain Northern members, who professed to have saved the Union b» giving *&y before threats ofdiarxuion. Those threats were iond and clamorous, and they were then unaccustomed; tiey fell saddeidyfor the Board of Registration: Republican.Fusion.. 400 3M . 3!>3 370—In$eHdAseemblyDistrictofErieCountythe Hon. Victor M. Rice has bee.n nominated for the As- sembly. |Tfjnlar theme of diffusion ffl Congress, and it was :N thirty years from 1820 before (upon ih's question) an- -1 other formal snirfcuder -was made—before msmbera from the North had again the courage to vote upon itme if you can, where a dollar has been wasted?" —Mr. Seward, arriving at St. Louis, on Saturday, abroad who were present. It was not only a success— (How I did covet Borne of th jm ! but he never parts machinery that needs steam propulsion, to show how it was a triumph—a most magnificent, aa well as. an •with them.). Th^re was a very large pquanp rug on thein anbi>ervience to their fears.Unfortunately, during the last 25 vears, with hereaid there a brief interval, the people of the North bave • been trying a very different system from'that which •they pursued after the Missouri Compromise. And this new system has already produced tho kind of hnr-for his prayers !" was the reply that brought dawn the: house. ' •;—Stewart L. Woodford addreesed a spirited' meeting of Republicans at Walden, OraDge Co., N. Y , on Friday eveniig, Sept. 21. . The Newbhrgh Wide- Awakes were in attendanue, and the Montgomerying remarks: truly beautiful. Tne whole of the vast area of -the supporting pictures in progrest by himeelf and E. F . fits ant. -;•••" He said tbat he had not come to see St. Louis or WeBt Comaion, stretching-from 8eminary Hill to the TheeC'were in almost every stage of progres8, and The President, Secretary^ Superintendent, and their the people of Missouri, but to' sea Kausa i, which was outer depot, was literally alive with people. The im- it was interesting to me to tee his manner of work- clerks and aids are all provided with comfortable quar- entitled .to his gra .itude and resjpeot. Missouri could mense crowds around the four speaking stands did not iig. So careful! It takes 1dm nearly two days to ters, and I write in a room specially allotted to "thatake care of heiself; she did not care for Republican seem to leesen the magnitude of the great mass, which make the drawing for one of those small works on the press." »".'.'•'principles, but warred with them"altogether. If forty could not be reached by the huoaan voice from the% panel from the original sketel.; every fold In the drape- Of course there is no crowd to-day—that never years Hgo Miseouri had chosen to be a free State, she places appointed for speaking. There were tens-of ry is modeled up as carefully as the features, when he cornea till the second and third days—but "the indicationa would now have four millions of people instead of thoucanos on the ground who could „not get near the then csr- iea his easel to the cottage Or wherever else it are very promising that it will be here upon all tho• znony which-is now raving around us. If it be per- Wide-Awake Club were also on hand. Moutgomerymay be, and finishes up eve ything directly from the da?s after ,to-day, upon which the Fair remains open, object.- Atd a hard worker he is—at it early in the and I trust that the people will all be instructed as welllies in successfully grasping an undue portion of polid- Supreme Judge......George O. Wright. James Grant.cal p>:>wer—ai] Which I believe to h» an error.And tbe North has been paralyzed by the belief, iu- dusuk oaly disseminated, that the South is bent nponAtnexed an. the nominees for CorygT^se:•we are led into perpetual'dissensions and distractions, the principles pi the Constitution are being perverted, and tbe general interests of the conr/try and the whole policy ot the Government'are subordinated to the sup-posed political interest of one section. .;J give th^ss as my opinions. Others will, of course, be governed by treir own. I must add that I believeRepublican..' . K State Auditor. ;.C. McElrath. ,Clerk Svp. Courf....A. J; Van Y orhes. The candidates for Congress are;Democratic.H. Trott. J. J. Noah.complete freedom of speech! But 1 have full trust thatit will all come right in the end—that in ten years you .will double your population, and tmt in fifteen'or twenty years you will have four millions of people. To secure that you have but to «Lt every man whotural implements, 118.Diet I., Otheriel L. Welton; II., Joel Baker it off too long—and go, witih me to Ecouen; I wasAllegany County— Treasurer, Daniel D. Gardiner; fairly wild with its rustic bea ity. There is a maguiri- tendance has been confined to exhibitors and commit-cent chateau there, but oh, thj cottages for me!"& great pars of the mvebief h^s been done by well-meaning agitators against agitation, who have kept all this State, appears in The New-Orleans Courier:-r-The wife of the Austriai; General Enyatten, whoests of mankind. What eurprited me in Kansas was Ju-'-ge, Robert S. Hale; County Clerk, William" E. committed suicide upon the discovery of his gigantic showery. It is now fine and cool.this discord afoot by ill-conceived exhortations to har- mony, just as a friH-y boy in a school will sometimes keep a whole class in a sort of free fight by meddle- some ioterce-sions."CORTLAND VJLLAOK, N. Y., Sept. £, 1860.to eee t.he vast improvements made there within sixyears, with so little wealth or strength among ber peo-Calkins; County Trensurer, Charles N. Williams; JQB- tice of Sestfione, Levi Higby; Coroners, James W. Steele, Albert Kidder; School Commissioners, Dist. I;, Frauk M. Hopkins; II., Chauncey Fenton.frauds duriDgthe late Italian ^var, was lately sentencedto three years' hard labor he:- extravagant habits hav-ing encouraged her husband i i his acte of depredation.In consideration of her children, her sentence wasThe number of strangers arriving today has beenla r g e . " • : . • • • • " . ''he total number of entries of all sorts is overSelectmenTown Clerk4<X>404 ;.S98 'ititi<TOVHoch days I don't expect to experience often in life.We found young Fxere at home, who ' showed up' hisiatber*s studio" and sketches ia a-way that would havemade your heart leap,*could j ou'have seen the ' didos' where the hors-s will be exhibited to show their goodbe < ut up. I never saw a youth so brimming over qualhies; but the tra^k is not well suited for fast trot - with "life. All who have seen him call him an incarna- ten*. They will find ample accommodations on tho;shown separately; aod finally, all the prize animali will be paraded with their prize ribbons aud flag*.NEW ^ORK DAILY TRffllJNE, W^/—On Saturday morning, Carl Schiirz, in p&S3ing .Nor>hern S'ates. and especially tbe people of Pennsyl- lows. Dean was once.chaplain of tbe Senate. On a was detained a few hours by an accident to the" cars general Hastiness of the weather, the display was thedisapproval of the whole) pr endure, and so heartily Democratic party had ever misappropriated the publiction of mimicry and jollity. • (He has been a pupil of race-course near by- toholda;Republicanmeeting,and,althoughthenotice likeit. We-rawthegreatdisplaysof1840and1856, Couture'eforthreeorfouryears,andpaintsaveryridge succeeds they are politically annrJiilated. If I may dosd. The State of New-York never; fauV- have, little fear oi its being carried out. The folly is" When we met at the State Convention, we were.in earnest. Tine old Gallic legions were there, the scarred and et*m soldiers of a thousand fights. We 4iratnpled on the last rag of regularity, BOfar as the Sta e organi-one, ha^e condemned " as shocking to the moral senti- clined playit g vriib any person in this country uties3 "mentsof tbe enlightened portion of mankind,!' aud5at the odds cf a fawn and inove; these odds Mr. Paul- " the reproach and execration of all civilized and Chris-fen may not accept, but Should be do so, a most inter- "tian people throughout the world." It is admittedefctitg contest nxay be anticipated. Mr.. PauLen will 'that " tbe Coaet of Africa is lined with slavers, who also pobatly give an exhibition of his wonderfil " are generally from New-York City." And the Epis-land d'Eominstes as piracy and pnni«hable with death, ter, be pretends to have received from me—not a Co., Pa., that " a Lincoln, Hamlin, and Curtin Club chilled 1 For, why should they strike gallantly against —E. S. Cleveland of Connecticut will advocate the eral in the war of 18'2, an 1 aleo the granddaughter of t; Chn'sti n cl urch dares not to condemn?•>opy,'but the very letter itself—and let me" or my was formed here on Thursoay, the 27th ult., when 60 those wb'O may tc-mor'0\v be allien, and who,, though Republican cause in the counties of Lycoming, Clinton, Fraicis.Lewis, one of the -ignersW the Declaration of friends in St. CflairsviUe pr^nt it ? I can see no •voters gave in their names for membersoip. Out of allies, will not forget the present blow.? For God's and Centre, Pennsylvania, from October 3 to the 10th. Independence, hoe juet died, at the age of 80 years.140 voters in our little village, we have 100 Lincoln sake let this be ended. Let us at once have open warharm in my advising him othat some documents men, against 40 for all other parties. The good cause or honorable peace." •' .''.:*'*,,• Mr. C. is a young man of Democratic antecedents, —The tradition al niornin % dress of Georgia is a straw laby who vot*d upon'ihe resolution offered recently in- thatletter!HORACE GREELEY,to give "'Old Abe" 1000 majority in this county, which was carried for Buchanan in 1856.11 The defeat of tho Republican Party, it is said, ia the principal object of all the friends of the Union, and totheattainmentofthisendeverymeansshouldbere-in aTheRepublicansofLodi,BergenCo.,N.J.,heldJsimplecobtumeattheballin that city,andwasmoreI£>•REFUBLICA^ISk IN VIRGINIA.T» **JEaW»r*fTh*N. Y. Trio***.SIB.: The RepubKcane of ialls Chnrch in this conn-• ty raked a Lincoln and Hamlin pole last Saturday. They nailed the flag to the mast, and will never sur- rentfer the principles ot free speech. In 1856 no man—OnFridayev^niogtherewas a rousingRepubli-can demonstration at Fort Edward,' N. T. A eilken sorted to and all interests and prospects sacrificed. But qui'e a large meeting on the evening of the 1st inst. run after than usual. We don't wonderbanner was presented to the Wide-A wake Club by conceding the justice of this proposition, still there re- /The Hon* J. A. Briggs of Ohio delivered an eloquent —Mits'Fiederika Bremer, has been residing at Athenawere turning out en masse to the Convention. And so —Henry Cl*y Dean is making Dougla? speeches in thjougb .Toledo, Ohio, on his way to Pennsylvania, it turned out. Despite the cold, cloudy day, and 'theTtere is a good -r^ck. wim sea's for spectators',Tell me," said he, " who can, where the•ffectnaHv surpped for a time. No w»nt: of harmony tell!" said a } iping voice at the rear of the hall. " Standbetween the North and the South was caused by this- spoke in his best maimer for an hour, leaving-the standaction of the people.' It -was full fifteen years from up, then," cried Dean, " and let us hear your answer." for the cars which took him on his wav. 1820 before tbe Slavery question was agtin made a" Up popped the owner of the voice. •' Now, Sir, tellwho has attended many enthusiastic popular gather- ^cannot do its cosiness justice. It is a large, square this spot will be ore wbere as much valuable informa- tion can be gained as in any department of the exhibi-ings, pays it exceeded all-he ever before saw, and this rot-in, bung with old tapesliy, and compleiely nlled tion.was the general testimony of all the" gentlemen from with, littid qutdoorf and indidr'studies from nature. Tbere is an engine of ample power to drive all thointends to considerably increase her Republican ma- jority in November.—OnTuesdaynext,Oct.!>,Stateelectionstakoplace in Iowa and Minnesota. Iu; the former State the fol-as amused and interested.I 'shall be able to give more definite information;aboutthearticlesexhibited,astheFairprogresses. [By Telegraph.]I E L M I R A , Tuesday, Oct. 2, p. m., 1860. Entries have b«en made comprising; as near as I can&scertain, the following numbers of animals:Borses, mules, etc , 216; Durham cattle, 50; Devon cattle, 27; Ayrshire cattle, 47; Hereford cattle, 3; Al- der ney cattle. 71; all other ,sorts, 125; Sheep of all br*.edd, 250; Swine and Pouitry> number of entries,Number of entries in the fruit and floral department, 105; number of entries in mechanics' hall, 150; num- ber of entries in domestic hall, 107; number of entries in dairy hall, 242; number of entries in vegetable halLposes. Then the old doorways, s airways, garrets, 244; number of entries in the department of agricul-lowing tickets are presented:Republican. Secrt tnry of State... J-".Hjuh Sells.Treasurer... J. w . Ji nea.- Auditor. J. W. C&ttell. Ht'/r °f Land Office. A B. Milier. Attorney-Central....C. C. Noume.•lat Diatiict ijd Dutrict.• Republican. CAldrich• Democratic. J. M. Gllman. Jamo» George.Superintendent of Poor, W. B. Clark; Justiud of Ses- comes here, from whatever State or nation, speak out sionB, -—- Killburrv.teeaen, the gates not being opened for the public.Tbe weather has been alternately foggy, clear, andion, exi*t (as they must sometimes) on great questions of clare to you frankly at the outset, that I would much to be found. [Faint manifestations of approval.] 1Prendirgaat; Treasurer, Wm.-Leet.Chenango County— Assembly, Diet. II., S. E. Lewis. Herkimer County—Amenably, Dist. I., John Mar-kell; II., Joeiah ShiuT; Treasurer. Allen W. Eiton. Jefferson County—Assembly, Dist. I., David Mon-commuted to^ three, months', imprisonment, and the THE AMERICAN INSTITUTEprinciple cr policy, I conceive that if they cannot be reconciled by calm discnesionjthey should be decided by vote?—by th* vote of every voter being cast in 'ac-prefer tbat no fusion take place. In the first place, it seems to me to let us down irom the moral dignity of our position. It proclaims that our divorce from theought not) perhaps, to talk tht'ee.things to you. I should have begun.at the other end of the stocy, though a cio; zeu of any other State has as much liberty here as the citi- zens of Missouri; but hft lists lees liberty than I like. 1giddy • Baroness is nowlseraog out the punishmentTURAL SHOW.Democratic.J. M. Corse.J. W Ellig.G. W. M&x'field. Patrick Robb. W. McCiinto.jk.Dutchess County—Conniy Treasurer, John F. Hull; C« roners, Th(,nnis J. Barton, Ado'phns Vandewater; School Commissiv.nei-8, Dist. I., Augustus A. Brush, II., (Jbas. J. Howland; Aseembly, District I., John B. Dutcher; II., Samuel J. Farnum; Justice of Sessions,interiors that we'have enjiyed so much together! There are subjects for pictires at every turn.. Tae people are kepr. down to piciureeqaenese, and are not allowed to get new fangled notions into their heads. Every one is brought up to pose for Frere, and they like it. Every bit of furniture is beautiful for art pur-<ii»eolvitg he Union, whtch I believe to be just asmm ban error as the other. Ucder these ihflae aces • In Minnesota, the folio wing tickets are to be voted; spirit, manhood—not consenting to take oaly th'zt priv- Bar'holomew Griffin.cordance with his own conscientious opinion For the. 'political gamblers who buy and Beli and swap and want more than you have. I want, to speak what I tague; 11., Davrd J. Wager; 111 Harvey Bai.ey.. theory of a free .government assumes that to the aver- cneat and lie and overturn National Conventions, is think, instead'of what a Missouriau thinks. I think Onfida County—Aesemblv, Diet. I., James Mc- age common tenee of the people may be aafely intrusted not a vinculo matrimoni but simply a temporary '.sep- you' axe in a fa^r way-of shamiug your Government Quflde; II., Levi T. Marshall; III., Geo. H. Cnamp-the decision of such questions. And I know of no aration '; that by-and-by we shalL again cuddle under into-an enlightened position.- Yoa are in the way of bn; IV., William Lewis.•Hpther road to harmony in a Republic than this. Surely •the aam>' dirty bed clothes. This is not the way to being (iermanized into it. I would much rather yoa Orleans County—Assembly, Gideon Randall; Trea-there can be no real harmony so long as the threat of buitd UDa sound, and honest,-and, above all, ii.perma- had got into it by being Americanized ihetaad of Ger- surer, J. M. Cornell;jama•ci*uirk>n shall be the habitually succes-fal argument nod party. If we begin with a trade we shall soon maiiizfed;'but it is better to come to" it through that for legielat;on which can be defended by no other. ei.d in a trade. way than not to com© to it all. It was through tue So far, at lens", as regards the Atlantic States and " Secondly. I dont believe the fusion would do any Ciermans Geimaniziog. Great Britain thufc Magna * those on the Gulf, on the lakes, and in the valley of gcod. The Old-Line Whigs and the Americans gave a Charta was* obtaioed, and that that great charter of the Mississippi, their relations—moral, ethnological, portion of our State candidates their entire support in English liberty came to be the charter of the libertiesTompkins County—Assembly, Jerem'h W . Dwight; same. By certain repreeenti lions and promises, they season of rain has commenced, those wondrous pro-^geographical and commercial—seem to combine to form •a law of political gravitation as inexorable as that of Tjoaterial gravitation. And, regarding the whole Union as it exiots, we have the remembrance of common struggles and triumphs—the sense of common affections mid interests—the hope of a common prosperity and 'welfare—tbe habit of a common nationality—and these thingsdoholdnsfirmlytogether.This Union is not broken by empty tbreats in one quarter, nor saved by striduious deprecations in an- other. It rests on the essential loyalty of tbe peoplei n all quarters, and that loyalty rests safely on tho solid bases, some of which I have enumera'ed.1 cannot agree that there is any antagonism between the troe interests of the South and the North, or any necessity for administering tbe Government with an exclusive view to the supposed particular interests of either section. On the contrary, a true enlarged na-tional policy.would in » y opinion favor th* iudustrv *md tend to develop the resources, .moral, intellectual, and material, of both. • . •I tee no »e«8on wby we should not all stand where «E tbe people of Pennsylvania stood together in 1820. I was a youth at that time. It may be memory and uot judgment that, makes mr heart throb now as I w e a k the things •&* then happened. Vital princi- ples do not decay with time amoDg a healthy people. Such a people hold totheir great traditions. As I be- lieved the opponents of the Mueouri Compromise tothe Fall election of 1850, while we were acting all of the eons of England throughout the whole world.together in the honey-moon ardor of a recent \ Union.' Whatever lies in iny power to do to bringiuto success licans of Richmond County bave made the followingductions of the vegetable world, reco.rering from theirlong rest through tie Summer drouths, unfold their town, to whom churns are to (be sent. The notes thus glories one by one, and when iu full bloom load the obtained, they sell ,the first op lortunity, aud move on sylvan a mospbere wich odors. The spicy breezes quickly. They bave operated pretty largely in this which '• blow soft o'er Ceylon's isle," are no doubt inThe candidates supported by the Old-Line Wtrigs and ful.and practical operation the great principle that this Americans.were"elected, with one exception, by mere government is a goveruocent lor'free men and not fornominal majorities. Now, every indication goes to slavers or slaveholders, and that this country is to be show tbat these al.ies have lost at least qne-third, and the home of the exile from every land, I shall do asprobablv one-half of the strength they commanded in you are going to do, by suppoiting Abraham Lincoln 1859. Idonotknowofoneprominentmanofthat'forPresident"andHannibalHamlinforVice-Presidant."County Treasurer, Edward Blake; School Commis- sioner, Henry M. Boebm; Superintendeat of the Poor, William Jonrneay; Coroner, M. W . Corbitt; Justioes of Sessions, Simon Haughwout and John B. Hillyer.He asks THE TRUIUNE to caution people about this ne w phase of robbery. •part,perfamed by U eir breath, a breath, which, con- sidering tbe romantic uncertainty which shrouds their • origin and growth, the superstitious natives think iaJ e tbe truly conservative party then, s o l behe>ve the not, indeed, to be so thrown, except as the. con- I have heard about combination and coulitious there,.are known to botanists as orchidaoea?, and to common crous fallacy thht it must be, the people of the S juthera and papers formerly addressct there should now be people as orchids, or air plants. Hanging over thenever flinches. Sie has been committed fro-n the be- cinning as she wirt be to t*e end. Und*r all circum- stonce*, to the great priociples of the Reoubbcau party. Shu voted to eecablieh this a land of Freedom for youtoo toaosparent."—On Friday evening the German Republicans ofwere able to take care of yoursel ves. Among the first acts of her Government she abolinhed Slavery for her self. She has known nothing of compromises, nothing of condition or qualification in this great principle, and she never will. She will-sustain your distinguished neighbor, becaufle »he. knows that be is true to his great principle; and when she has helped to elect him, by giving as large a majority as cao t.e iri^eu by any hxlf-dozrn other S ates, then you will nod that she willm ral a.nt>men*» of tbe enl'gbtened portion of mankind! andthat any action ^n the part of Congxeaa conniving at. or leff^ixinjrthnt lorrt^ H.r,d inbomao traffic would juatty aubjeot tbe Gov- bjeoth\'v dfold plajing, atd if he does so, will play tengames American ticket, it is now admitted that not lees than at a time. .copal Church of New-York State, by the vote of ita rec-rt Diocewan Convention, • baa declared it has no voice to condemn " tbe horrid and inhuman trahlj."Your M»«yor Wood recently d^clartd that "Com-m*rce ruled the -world." Does it a'so rule our Chris- :tianity ? Has it come to th s, that what the laws of ourthe ladies of the town; after this ceremony, delega- mains a question whether fusion is the best way of ac- and forcible Republican campaign addtest11, in the Read-; for several, months, and is spon to give to the world her vote to lay on the table was so nearly unanimous thattions from Glens' Falls and Sandy-Hill were received, complishing this lesult, and—should it be so—whether ing Room of the Lodi Inetitute. The " L c d i G l e impres6ioiiB\>f the couxtrythe Yeas and Nays poeeees little interest.—Ed.]a meeting was held at the public square, where the refult can be permanently secured.Club" sang several excellent campaign eon^s. The , —The Count of Aquila, uncle of the ex-King ofNEW-YORKSTATE FAIR.wP. 8.—Do not print my name, as it is not safe at and a supper. There were more than 400 torches in ble that it should be, the great result would not be ef- but be productive of good, and we hope wi-1 add some"<e*>)n.-balloonhs isfinallyunderpresent. Carre this despotism, when a man c*nnot tell the procession. fectually accomplished., We doubt, in the first place, hitbeito Democratic voters to the Republican ranks.This is the opening day of the grand exhibition o£ the'eaith with, his machine he would.have come to a or ratb.6r that portion of the. State convenient to thoshe truth without being persecuted. •avrry t da State in 1864.Alexandria County, V a., O c t 1, I860.A CORRECTION.3» tike Editor if ThtR.Tl. Tribvm*.We calculate toWhether, notwithstanding all the repugnance whish the —H. B. Northup, President of the American State—A correspondent at Belleville, N. J., eeads us a conservative portion of the na.ion f«el towards the Re- Council, is going for Lincoln and Hamlin, and will speedy and terrible death. The Philadelphia North locality where the annual fairs of the State Agricul- ;cheering account of the progress of the Republican party in that region. Great acceesions are being made, especially from among the Americans. The Republi- can Wigwam at Bellr-ville was dedicated last Thursday night, when a full audience was addressed by Speaker Pennington, J. Y. Foster, esq , of Newark, and Sena-tor Wilson o( Massachusetts.—A Republican Club has been organized in Norton,that reaa!t, If Mr. Lincoln shoald be elected President, I trurt Seneca Lincoln, Silas W. Lincoln; Secretary and ing cf the Republican Party during its period of. office sajs that the Hon. James O. Putnam and Roswell ttixough which the gas was escaping. In a minute orSIR*' Having many valued friends who are readers ofTim-TRTwraic, I ronat aaX yoa to permit the correction of »ome iaeoebreeWa In the report of your correapoudent of a ape«chwere attached, everything"pack*d, and the passflDgertjTMBAVbymeinOran§«i/New-Jeraoy. Iaooreportedtohavearidthat the election of Lincoln would be a anfficieQt cause of did-nnion. J neror made aoch a remark. 1 did »ay that while the Mass.. the literal designation of which should be a whether the administration which would obtain office. peno»nrnt ezclurion from the National Oovoromoat of alare- f Lincoln" Club, for its officers ard the following:' b».drr» wonld, in my opinion, reaolt In dlannloo, the election of by tbie means would not, by its weakness and imbecil-. — ropes, when tbe tame thing again-occurred. It waa now evident that she was rapidly losing gas aud anthat be will not heritate to uae »1! the forcea of the Government Treasure r, S. Leprelate Lincoln; Executive Commit- than even the election of Lincolo itself.Hart, esq., are to address the meeting at Albion under two the whole crown buret out of the balloon, many the following call, to' which the names of over two disconnected pieces of material going through the net- hundred voters are appended: ting, and the whole machine settled with a crash to-Kew-Jemy by 20,000. I. rimply took the popular vote of 1856 C.- Lincoln. 'The buildings are equal, if not superior to those offiwi Oreeley'a Almanac, and maintained tbat, aa Fremont waain m. mtDcrrHj in New-Y ork, New-Jeraey, Penn»ylvan<a, Ohio, Indi- •aa, and Drinoia, that if a anion waa aaade of the Oppoxiiion the vbaocee wore af:ainat Lincoln. There are some other errors in the commirbication, bnt aa they involve neither absurdity or crime I will not trouble you with- their correction.—The Southern Confederacy, a paper which is fa- and effects will 8'ill remain, and a political combination elecn in 1856, and who have been identified with the tion of the material of the upper portion of the balloonfeet, Domestic-Hall, 24 by 150 feet, Mechanics' Hall, 24 by 170 fret, all eubstanttally built, aud with all need- ed appurtenances. There is a Dairy HaD, a Vegetable^ Hall, a Poultry Hall, each 24 by 100 feet.Tbe articles in these are not all arranged, hut tho entries are Dumerous. and the busy scene in each gives• - - E. T. NESTOR.EX-SECRKTARY MEREDITH FOR LINCOLN. hasty tour thiongh Georgia, he expended his force andthis Presidential election is to support Liocoln and occurrence. Before a third experiment can be made a evidence that all will be well filled with as great a Hamlin who beet represent our sentimonrs upon the Dew balloon must be constructed. The amount of can- variety, and, in some departments, of greater excel-,mous for the very calm and moderate language it uses on every occasion, has a characteristic paragraph con-which is based upon a negation always must and al-American party, having witnessed the frequent at- tempts of some self-constituted leaders to merge tbat ofgauization into the Democratic party to the sacrificeshowed it to be much d<-teriorateo in texture einc» the first trial, a partial rotting of the fiber being caused by exposure to tbe weatber aik'• much handbog. Taere weie not many spectators ]>resent, as the affair wasways will, although it may.by a coccurrence of favor-, cerning Mr. Cobb and Mr. Douglas, the former of ing circumstances gain a tempcrary triumph, have aof every principle we have ever chimi»hed have da- kept as 8Ecreras possible but nearly every one present te?mined that the best and only alternative left us io carried away apiece of the ciinvas as a memento of thewhom has beCn malting speeches against the latter. Itvery short and very pitiful existence, even though it be called into life and carriedjon by the purest patriotiam."says: "In the five speeches made by Mr. Cobb in his- * o Mewora. hnn RrTTKR, President Yoong >fen'a Repu'»K*an exhausted his" fund of detraction in misrepresenting presented to the Wide-Awake Club of that place aClub; JOHX I). WATKOK; Cbairman People/a Ex-cutiv- Com- him who soars in ethereal space, far beyond the range n>iteee; W x B. THAJIAJI, Preriient Central RepublicanCln1); and OKOXOK INMAN RICHX, Prerident Repu&Ucan and timid flitting of twilight game."Invinciblea. —At the town election in "Stamford, Ct., on Monday, GxwTLEMEjf: I regret that the state of my healthhas been and continue* to be such as to render it im- the straight Republican ticket was generally success- poteil.le for me to accept the several iavit-itio a« which ful over afusion ticket, made up of supporters of 8reck- I have received throngn the Samoaw, from yonrReivesbeautiful' banner. The presentation was.accompanied with a charming speech from Mrs. Pickard, to which Mr. E.-R. Harmon replied.—On Saturday evening, the ladies of Belgium,sor, baring loDg since exhausted his own means, may cupied And eo will the 300 stalls for neat ca'tle, andT triota, aud.t > meet wi'h ne at, a public meeting, to be bave diffieupy in finding persons willing or able again the 300 pens for-sheep arid swite. In fact the most ofpublican Party, it would be possible to prevail uprm tbe majority of a nation of forty millions of people to confide the determination of their future to a coalition which has given no guarantees scarcely even any in- dications, .of the policy which it would pursue, andgive his reasons for so doiog in a speech at Kingsbury, Washington county, in a day or two.—Charles Hindman, of Port Plains, New York, one of the charter members, and an active worker in the getting up of various American clubs, lias written aAmerican eays:" Before dark, on Friday evening, tbe inflation be-tural Society are held, and which they bring out for the admira'ion of the crowds who always attend upon tbe occasion, making them real harve3t-home holidays. Tbe prospects never were more favorable for an ex- hibition worthy of the name, and if the weather proves favorable through the week, I have full confidence that? this fair will be as successful, in a pecuniary point o£ view, as the firai fair held in this wide-awake town; for no pains bave been spared to make it successful. Tbe grouDde selected are of the very first order, upona dry soil, not likely to become saturated with water so a* to be unpleasant'y muddy in moderately-rainy weatber. Nor ie the ground likely to become dusty, aa it is Covered with a good tuff.whose only guiding star is hatred to political oppo- letter to tbe Albany Evening Journal in which he an- tbe grout.d by large -cablen, which were, just aboutnents. We doubt, in the second place, even should the being cut looee, sie lost b loyancy, and allowed the nounces his determination to abandon the psrty whichdefeat of Lincoln be secured through such a coalition, recently attempted to fnse with their opponents, and.to •boar-to-descend until it touched the grou'.d Ballast was th»n thrown out until sterose to the length of tae•work for Lincoln and Hamlin.Unrorn Waanot • tr.fficient caoae, nor would be productive of President, Amies A. Lincoln, jr.; Vice-Presidents, ity, contii> ute more to the building up and strengthen- —The Albany Evening Journal of the 28th instant examination showed several large slits near tbe crown-On tihe 28th ult,, the- ladies of Camillus, N. Y.,great avd controllinc: questions of the contest. Andwe appeal to all who acted,with U8 in 1856 o.coopara e vas required for such a mac lioe is very large, involv-with ue in the election of thesei statesmen and pure pa- ing a consumption of cloth by the bale, and the profes-lence, than ever before. \ There are 250 horse stalls, well made, with doors,'. "•and the Superintendent assured me that all will be oc-"Holy Gho t plan xtadera will be a tiori the stranihe'd at Albion, on Friday evening, the 28th of Sept.. 1860."—Tlie Pittsburgh (Pa.). Gazette says Of the Re- publican meeting held tae re on Thursday evening:"Yesterday morning opened very cheerlessly. Acold, drizzliog rain was falliftg, and the prospect waseverythingbutencouraging. Butbetween9aud10o'clock, the rain he:d up, and the country dtilegationebeg-^n to pour it.-in alaibstendlees streams, ano it thenbecame apparent that the people of city and countryto back him ab initio." «—Tbe following sketch cf a vifiit fo the studio of occupant8 of others have been coming in all the morn-Frejeia from Tlie Crayon; irg. Tbo quality of the stock will be highly credits- bit;—equal atleast to any of the former shows, except,," By the way, speaking episodically, for it is one of perbape, at Albany laat Fall, when there was an un- the events rf my life, I went down to Ecouen, the ueu8liy large and fine collection of Durhams. Twootherday,tovisitEd.Frerefits.E.F.perebeing commodiouswingshavebeenarrangedinwhichto> out of town. And sucu a treat! The pleasure of exhibit cattle, and in which the various classes will bowitnessed anywhere. -We have never seen auytbb'ghad only !an hour to circulate thonsands of enthusiastic bo'b-of which were, in their time, unprecedented; but good picture. But the studio of E. P . pere—I am A large space adjoining Mechanics' Hall has been setderouncedMdcondemn?dtheconductoftho«*>oftheir umembers who (as they then styled it) h.d betrayed mom y.their principle*, tbat this system of legislation was Democratic party ever misapplied a dollar." " I can men gathered at the " Middle»Ground." Mr Schiirz this display oyerropped both. Mr. Wade of Ohio, neglecting that. Now thai I have come back to it, I apart for the exhibition of agricultural implements, andU When the Democratic Senate paid Henry Clay Dean made from the balcony ofjiarnum's Hotel the follow- unprecedented display. The scene on tbe ground was. middle of the floor, on which stood five or six easels it looks in actual operation. Such machinery is abund-ilege of speech that slaveholders_allow, bv.t insisting on- Madison County—Assembly Dist. I., O. B. Lord. windows, stoves—'my Godly!' as Lamb says, it isWw. Wondom.—The following letter from Henry S. Randall, of what-he Ibelieves will promote tae welfare aud inter- Essex County—Asfembly, Martin- Finch; County"'.Dear Sir.- Our State Committee are negotiating ple; and what surprised me in Miaaouii was .that withwith the frierds of Douglas for a 'fusion.' They such a vast'territory and such great resources there write me that they- are ' reconnseling with cur friends1,000.•s. R.HORTICUL-•When, u <der a fjre© government, differences of opin-t at Washington.' ' * ' * *.,. ••* w . I de- was eo li'tle of population ienprovement, aud -strength Chatauqua County—Assembly, Dist. I., Henry A.[Cheers.] \The following is Mr. Seward's speech at Springfieldpt.blicatiOn of which we various families of these plants mimic the odors of thein..-, :•:; '. *" I am happy to express, on behalf of the party with" It is obvious that such a dissolution of tho Union asof IHiaois, first alphabeticallylive4.a life of iiB'rfulneBf;; where .he is Burrounded by tho companions of his^labors and of his public Bervices, Wo.ure happy to report to you, although we nave trav- eled over a large naftofthg country, w.e have fouud noto hold ita black people in eubjuga ion. This-military invuluablo to al! who have buniuess relatiocB with that as their fragrance is pleasing to the sense of smell, white obligation,would obviously involve a heavy taxing, to State. Mr. John C. W. BaiJe,r, one of the proprietor*,say nothing of tbe Josses occasioned by .sociul. disturb- from the fact that unlike all other plants which hive yet. ance. With free trade abruptly introduced at the ex is here with the book for sale, and may be reached by been discovered, they need no soil to grow upon, theirdown the Republican defection and adhesion to ua at10j000 mo»<» than our defection to them, then it wouldbrmg the partiea even again.' Tho moBt sanguine cal-culator, or rather *<uia*ator, of Seward sore-heads,cannot put their number higher, or, it seems tome, doubtful States. [Applau'ss.] You would naturallyto ligure out a more favorable result for ua. And expect that I ehonla imy Bometbingl about the tempernow there is another weight inevitably to be thrown ai.d disposition of the State of. Ne.wYork: Tho- Stateinto the Republican scale in the event of the triple of Now- York will give a generous and' cheerful and South—with ' the British Alliance ' proviug the ludi- Aloringvilie, N. Y., has been discontinued.- Letters alliance, not included in the •previous estimate, effective support to your neighbor, Abraham" Lincoln.' Niagara County—Aseembly, Dist. I., Henry P . enough' to n.ak« one jubilant to look at them! Well, Smith: I J., Oliver P . Scoveb"; School Commissioners: al) you can do is to come to Paris at ooce—don't, putSomething may be judged by the above about the> magnitude ot the present exhibition.Treasurer, Wesley-Hooker.Washington County—Assembly, Dist, II., N.'M.Catlin.RICHMOND- COUNTY NOMINATION?.—The Repub-nomitutions: For Assembly, Minthorne Tompkins; town and the adjoining ones,stamp in my vicinity who supports the Bali Douglas fusion, or who will support it if we make oursalvce the third party to it. I t is a moderate computation to say that the Americans. & c , will lose 10,000 of the votes they cast in 1S59, and every one of these votes*mnil go for Lincoln.- , " ,• "AH, when united ourpelves, and aided by the ments for this kind aud generous reception at the home that in bix months Kentucky, Virginia, aad Maryland callingp. It contaiDS beside a list of Posi-Ofiices, the Epidendron noctnrnum and Brassavola nodosa,.— Tlce London Spectator thus discusses the measure of certain Southern statesmen:greatnoticed come time ago, is befoi o tie. It gives a curt>fal new-mown bay, wali-ilowere, violets, pomatum, aunis-and full classification of the b iriness men of the'S ate se&d, and angelica, of noyau, cinnamon, allspice, citrou,ac<:ording to individual musk, and honey. Some of the most fragrant yield whom I am traveling, our gratitude and acknowledg- sequences little dreamed of in the South. We belidve names, ai,d second, accordirg ,0^6 varioua trades and their.perfume only in the day-time, while others, liketbat proposed,by the lire-eaters would bring-about con-Americans we barely matched the Republicans, it fol- of your distinguished foliow-citizcri. our excellent aad would not bo able to hold a single slave without a stand- Banks, Insurance Offices, churches, beuevoUnt and .waste their aweetnees oirtlie midnight air.lows that the defection of 10,000 Americans t'o Lincoln honored candidate for the.Chief Magistracy of the ing j>rmy to enforce the domes ic institution. In fact, other societies; newspapers, niwould.put us inamii.oriy of 20,000. I grant that United Staten. If there is in anyjpart of the country a tlie South would be under the double necessity of keep- ilroads, and a variety of Their brilliant colors and' graceful or grotesque tliere is to .be some defection in the Republican ranks— de.epei mtereht felt in his election than there is iu anyand so there will be in our own. If we should Sbt other part, it must of equrse ha here, where lie. busmorning and late in the aften oon. He has well earned his 'deet'ration.' After a good, thorough, realizingmeted.out to her for her reckl iss conduct." ./—Mr. Lowe'scijcun!8'arce8 which showtpat if the aeronaut had left the products of the industry of the State of New-York,gan.The work was succeeijfuPy continued all throughSaturday morning the.in-ete. The basket and boatin their placee; as the balloon was being let up fromcollapsed,The above resolution was adopted by Yeas 152,Will y u , Mr Editor, please give tons Episcopalians, who «re*ir-disponed byeilence to assent to t»ie reopeniu/? of the African slave-trade,'the names of the clergy andthese siblle' and pens were filled yesterday, andthar'As customary, on the opening day of the fair, the at-Ofalliheair one named, in. ho ROBB| 'ARMERS.—A eclrrespondent writes from those couDtrie8 of Asia, Africa, and America, which , : drobium Devon!;: made of satin •In certain eeasons'of the year the dense forests of Platte^"' fleter County, N.; Y., that some rascals lie in tbe torrid zone are filled by a powerful fragraneoaj^ tra^versipg the State, %wbidling the farmers, pre^tending tOsCll a new kind of shum, and rights for the presence cf a curious family of plants. Just after theground color is tjqual proportion, •with purple, whi ynrple and stale* auiumnalis ha"' fr^ centre, and thai color changes ip^ eon drawn tbr«' tube which tert to its full extentOne of the iu^ bcotephaluswti«j eum .which co: roots, aud,banj"j| the flowers ar>a deep yellow shade as it ar dotted with tiect dyed orange, if-j with purple e*ns| oomposed of th{ common masa, bj Is aocomplhdieJ now batfie t^e which the plai-tl ably thus: Teo or whatever bin the bark w Here, the hehhave obtained, a large amduot of money and nojtes, Bhchnotcstobe left with a pretended agent in eachILLINOISSTATKBUSINESSDIRECTORY.-Thisuse- bornefromceleetialcountries.Theflowersoftheful volume, the proposeding no one army to guard its frontiers, and another, other useful information. So complete ;a Directory ie sbape8..render them as peculiarly attractive to the eye,penee. of cuetbrns, .with, large naval and military burdens to bear; with the living machines of industry in a state of contumacy; with (hutractod.councils—for there are still-supporters of genuine Republican pruiciples in thea.note through the Poet-Office.ia a.shade of mystery and romance thrown about themStates are likely to find the experiment proposed for sent to White Plains.baain in which the royal Victoria Regia floats in her-•.Untitled Documentwhich oarily explains the reverence in which they are POST-OFFICE DISCONTINPE D.~rTho Post-Ollioe at. held in the countries where they grow. These plants[Fifth Article].. >wtich sometimes at a great distance betokens the Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691www.fultonhistory.comMM 