 so the House tor leave to tit daring the recess, without which seisnambm the duties charged upon the committee could not aft he performed. Bat ia all thai theputatiouus upon har character, save that which is implied in this single accusation, and if that be unfounded, there is no imputation, aad whether it be true orBatrhelor'a Hair Dye, Wig iToapee . The Dyeat tfccae occur frvjoricaalj, and they elaborate ajgametit of ul>kw»i which aad purport to b rota* <min thkwag forced out apes kit c-*ej anparaUeied by art to gratify their malice CIIbtottnana andconversations.I<**»• art without attkx\ and to thausurped ai! the powers of the com- • lettar attackmgthethe Hutaeftid, <» Ue istjj tfinJreaoiuttoa condemnatory s*Oi»o*irse «• j ^ I'm,dent af aha United States. n d m u domg exceeded Ma o s **>W«l«*er.iaH(W«jWMlMw8wrtldlltar art sntorwdicvjoa.aed whereas,thai action of tbeand therefore unfair, towards theof the CattoJ * • » « , and aa it ia manifestly improper thatvsorb as ertraaraiiL T> »Bajat and -nrmatitwliniwl actshould remain upon its Jo*.TM*", therefore Reaolved, Thai on the A*f following theof that reaolution, the Clerk 4f thebring tote « the journal containing a record of tbe start said proceeding, whan thedraw btaak bhaa aeroae the border a r t edge tmea of said reeotatlnaa, a r t ahaJ] write aa thetr midst hi hwfe teribie tetters the words "expunged by order of the B a n s of Kepnaeiatalnea:" adding thereto the date ofmpwh-t* be mcreaaed. ansa theete*.m •"* • • * *•*• "tsaesa C aad CLarkxie at nnii• saatoa^W»r«werhB»ai» t—nowe a Atony.• 1**f"rieiiHjr*tMrw> * '.'*•****areuratetc "•"SaS SBWees f-V^JS-tTaJT^T^aaVj^sl^ansa, af artffnat three e'ctook. The reaauawUi pa toton to Btoftr OL ***»'J•a tho Chicago or hat the f-faitadrlpn* and other aavy abase* tn m m e c t w a with the publicsigned or h a colleagoe, thus entirely ignoring the advan- tages desirable for the oral examination. In violation of another well settled rule of law, parole evidenceThe Senate to still on the Navy bill. AH the other public appropriation bills have been acted on by both Houses, but not definitely, then being amendments in contro- versy.twa emrr rnsas"Ct.The Ways and Means Committee reported aa amend-ment to the Miscellaneous Appropriation bill which has been adopted, that coinage of cents be discontinued after July next. Mr. Ban- has an amendment which he will propose art endeavor to have adopted, that parties hold- ing five dollars a r t upwards of cents be allowed the pri- vilege of changing them for gold or silver at the United States Mint. The amendment is a just one, a r t ought to be adopted.yards, andWisatip art efhar saMfe works af the Caurt State*.aa to anyResolved farther, That aa the rreahtont, in hat latterto uw rntobosj ftonasanry cesrhtataa of the Rath No- was given of a written document where tbe exist- vember ltM, speaks of -the employment at money tn ence art custody of the original was known, and carry etectsms," aasd committee shall inquire into a r tascertain the amoan' aa used tn rVnatyivaaa, or anyother State or States, tat what d-triru a was expended.art by whom art by whose aatharity it was done, artCMS What aaareso the aaostey was dertred, and reporttie S U M of tbe parUea unptseetad; aad Cor Use purposeaforesaid aaid committee shall have power to aert torpersona a r t papers, a r t to repast at any time.BOBAC1 H. DAT.Brooklyn, R 0. ataimn-Gecta, jroaaaa*am ofret J. Weekea, aged 4 years, 8 Tbe frarts of the family aseral rreantoeresidee5e of hie parents, No istna^B»0lrlyn,ntD.,lhis fcrtay) o'clock, without further noticeWarm.—At Jerusalem, L L, Mrs.act of frehabod White, aged 73 years, 4 days.Those roaoiiitiaaa war* referred to a wawmittee, eonaatiag of Basses. Gheode. OLu, Wiastow, Tram a r t Robin- that its tendency would be to paralyse every power of ton They toverreart charge the cojtBDittea with the government art to place the public interests at the mercy consideration of aweaa dntmct breaches of inqtnry •— of tbe demagogue art the unscrupulous.H. Williamson'sHer friends and tbe friends of her son. Edward White, are respectfully invited to attend her funeral, from the n - etdenee of the latter, No. 178 Clinton street, this (Monday! afternoon, at three o'clock.Woaas,—On Thursday. May 81, at Vice, France, (tots Sardina)Jom» B. Wnaea. Senior, fan., Consul of the United States at Nice, ia the 76th year of his ageWnam—On Sunday morning, June IT, Mas, EMMA Wnaca, aged 40 years.Tbe retotives a r t friends of the family a m 11 aptintfiiBa: invited to attend tbe funeral, oa Tneaday aftoraasa, at two o'ctoak, from her toto restaaaLni, T64 %\miuFirst —Whether the fttsrteat or any other oahcer of the Here follows a rerwme of the matters connected with thegovernment hat ssstjht, by improper meant, to ialtaeace printing of the Post Office blanks and the executive bind- Supreme Judge will not he made until the next regularthe action of Coagreta for or against tho passage of any b>v appertaining to the atjjht of aay State or Territory.any omcer of government has, by , or ai limp I iii to de-feat, the execution of.any law.Tart—Whether the President hat failed or refused toConn*" the executi c of shy law.Fourth Abases at the Chicago art other post offices. fifth Abases at Philadelphia a r t other navy yards. $>itb—Abuses to wiwansiiiua with the public buildingtoJ other public worksSeventh—The employment of money to cary eleetiaaais the-Statea, and eapecnBy m Pymnsytvania—how much, where, by whom, and under what authority employed, a r t from what service derived.These resolutions, so large in their terms, coveting »teach ground, art opening such aa illimitable field for thegratiicaiasm of passion a r t malignity, a r t , by conse-Qnewer, rendering a defence in tike measure onerous anding. The report proceeds to discoss at length the actioa of the President in regard to the Kansas policy and the passage of the Lecompton English bill.session of Congress in December.ummuAtaorm.&imcull. have occupied the committee tn mcessant art ago. It was manifest that he himself did not regardO. B. Sloat Lock Boat aadCo.'a Celebrated Elliptic Sewing Machines.E. COLLINS, 484 Broadway.« TWENTT TEARS EXPERIRFCR.It has been extenalvely trad a prtvaas before beach ducedto Ota public and we faal aeaddea wfl) prove ithoroughly ieffective in ail cases for which preparations of aaparSaaattasboraius ujvertigatwa (rem the I h h of March, involvingthulygametings tor a period of time equal to one half ofthe whole earnion of the Dowse, art to that of almost allIts boniaam sitimsa teaeafjia organisation. p»y the eiee-ttoo of tta Oaeafcar. It mast he obvious that by no paeti-|»Uity could the committer have examined thoroughly anycoe of these seven diatmct subjects of investigation, muchless could it hare given to all even a partial investigation.Tbe person, piepmlj art character of the cituen, aa weftthehighestor humblest,areunderthe protectionof thetffiriaoaialivoB. of the people, it will be to the undersign-ed as doubtless it will be to every fair minded manla thai House art the country, should injusticeanything that took place in that conversation in any de- gree disreputable or improper, for he said on his oath that nothing occurred which Judge Black would wish to conceal. Tbe only thing which he said, even fallible as his memory is, which even partisan malice could dis- tort into evil, was a statement that the Attorney General had promised the public printing to Forney on condition that he would pledge himself not betray the party to which be then professed to belong. But this statement of Webster, not at all supposed to be wilfully false, is untruen point of tact; art tor this opinion the undersigned pro ceedstogive his reasons. First—It ia directly contradicted bytheAttorneyGeneralhimself,theotherpartytothecon- versation, who swears that he made no such promise, butA drawer 4ehIDP a the bea friend of me fami!y New York, and IS FultonOStoe SB) Broadwar.PRICE B BUT LOW to aeenre ha general aaopooa.Fifty Genu. Qaait botUeaQuart bottle* Fifty CenaFifty Cento Quart bottle* Quanbouiaa.Bold only a Bo MB Broadway.,__ _ Hold only a Bo IBThe Frhpnetor'a principal depotAT WHOLESALE-BEG ARS -CASH aanB10apeerreceemnt. AcaskofoveraIO. CHEBEh 17have been done to any individual ia tbe course ofthis inquiry by reason of the madequate time allowed that, on the contrary, be distinctly cautioned WebsterAto Article for the Bala aad Gray— WOOD'S Hair Restorative. It never fails to prederre the hair perfctiy to any age. Depot 444 Broadway, aad aoid every- where. _ ^ _ _ _ _ _Wilder'* Patent Salegreal Ftire and Buirglar Proof Safe of the world. AgenaforAT EVERDELL'S—WEDDIBO CARDS, BOTES 4a— ThesecelebratedCartaeaanolvbehada» Broadwap. corner of Duane atreei. See batm fie for CartaAT JONES 10 AND 13 ANN STREET—A STEW STYLB of Shoes and Gaiters a 45. Call and awl'A GLARING FACT.—IT IS A FACT THAT THE OWLT pure and roncunna Paper everttATETTVS. His name a watermarked ui each sheet. Oooa a aample package, at No 2 J*-CAHTLL A WOOD-STCCEBBOBS TO R C bare aowway, between Hoaace andeapaut aad faahta Shoes for ladles. at, boys, aatoaa aadCORKS, BUNIONS. INVERTED NAILS. ENLABOBB jotnta, aad all dasaaas tt Oa Jeet cured. wUhoaj inconvenience to the patient, bv Dr. ZACHARIE. Chiropcdat, 740 Broadway. Refera to phywciana and iof this city.F L NOTICI080 DE NICTA YORK.POPULAR SP ANISH AMERICAN P APER.OUT TO-DAY FOR HAVANA STEAMER, saataaaALL THE NEWS OF THK DAE. RECEPTION OF THE JAT'ANESS.BTRWaVsOaf THE OLD WOE LB. LETTER* FROM *"*"FABIK WASHINGTON.PANAMA. USA. VALPARAISO.GUATEMALA AND N1CARA0CTA.for the examination of subjects of such magnitude, a Source of moat painful regret.as the Congress dees net exacre until the 4th March,not so to understand him. The contradiction alone would be enough to settle tbe question of fact against the party asserting the affirmative. The burden of proof lies aga nst theother party—in their oath against oath. CommonFaiilr'banks' Scales.Ql'IRE BROTHERS, 93 Maiden Lane1961 the ttrteisigart deemed, ia view of their sugges- justice art the universally admitted rule of law requires gjons. and as these acts of jaeticc to private individuals he point to be decided in such case, against the accusingand public pmsoaagna whoa*, character bad seemingly party, but Webster's oath is not entitled to the creditLadiea' Dress Otaai and Beaati- ful atyles at LOCKrTT. BON A CO.. 461 Fulton street. Brook- lyn. Trimmings aaade to match.Whiahey—8. T. Malt's Kentat hyriver Bourbon, aoid by all druggaa. HBOBMAX A CO., Bos. 161, MeTtu and 7S4 Broadway, M. Ybeen trifled a r t sported with, that this investigationShouid not now close, but that application should he made General. The latter comes to the committee with no im-uaderswrned was ovenated. This determination of not Is the very point under examination. Webster, onthe committee is much to he regretted, since U adda force to the samiiiiisii which havetbe other hart accuses himself with assenting to all thatTritopheronn ischeapest article for di aaatog, beautify tug, aaaaaUa. earaaebe charges against the Attorney General, and in addition htaready ntiltsmrt STidaai art a n extensively circulated thereto with having come to Washington and sought thepreserving and renonnftoetour. dnaadaa.itlfal Pearl baa achieved amg tta complexion and akin._ by removing the foul which are oouUnuaUyD B S f. TOWNSENT?S abwdauarivaUad. Itbaaatooddaand a daily adding to ua rep New Tork.Ladies, try aBold byaflthrough the public joaraaia, that this investigationtnent ofthe trash, hot that at pats* off tact it is atrick a r t ahaflew contrivance fat part—a purposes to compile a document and to print it at tbe expense of the Country, art to circulate it andor the authority of thie Boose, with a n w to tafsmaoa the tall ihitiiaa, art that to thai a r t aajeat ssgmrtaas oa pahbc a r t private cha- t i c t c r and mrwarranted mainuations against the integrity of the hsghest oaaeers of the government were not at all tointerview a r t instruction of Forney If there was iniquity in the transaction. Forney was to enjoy the fruits. Every lawyer knows that where the testimony of a part-kept«r»s»ina at offered to criminate others, it ia uniformly ref m r t all aaaamaas to courts of jaatice unless corroborated.If, therefore, there was anything criminal in this conver-sation. Mr. Webster was not competent to prove it by hisown oath. If, on the other hand, the conversation was Reese river, was forced, by fear of Indians, to lay by forsired amount—S10,000—and Harriet Hosmer.awardedthe work toM a sfew i agar a r tpossibly unjust to the motives af the stover of the resohvand certainly m oerogaUm of tho justice ofdjregard, aa ft tightstheto givetnbuted to twobabOiUsl ofFlour irregular 21 a 22c.Are YOBFeeble, Lanaraid aad Incapa- ble of eseruonV-Cae HOLLOWATT Fun. They cool the blood, correct ibe liver, hxvtgorate the stomach, and keep thebowels regular, thus restoring tone, energy and rigor through out tbeTrasses.—Dr. Marah C•atinaea ta Apply ha radical cure Tram with •ueceaa in the treatment at henna. Trueaea, Supporters, Shoulder Braces, Suspenaoo Bandages, a&a elastic Stockings, Belts. Bathing Trusses, and all surgical appliances applied. A lady a attendance to the female de- partment. No. S Vesey street, Aator House, oppoaue St Faul'at i t h enature ofimpediments—conclusionsl by the pack of atarterera, asehate of society, who see ever working at the heels of decency art reapoctahihty. art aaftaissi- for shear favoriteofetc. It is clear that the whole convernation rent a tranamuutwo in the mind of thecould do nothing. The limited number of men un- der his command made tt impossible for him to detail seventy live men for the proposed doty, He-which may be fairly claimed for that of the Attorneyinnocent and had nothing in it dishonorable to either party, tho* those who wantonly dragged it before the public, regardless of the sacredness with which hitherto society has looked upon private correspondence, before this csnnrttsaw published private letters, they aad they only an guilty of an offence against good morals, a r t must boar the burden of the just censure which sooner or later shall by all good men be visited upon thorn. Webster's testunony from beginning to end from beginning to end, shows that his memory is treach- erous art unreliable. He mils when he attempts to give the contents of h a own letter deliberately written out.PmLADHLPma, June IS, 1860. Wheat dull, at $1 40 a $1 50 for white and tLMfor red. Prwvakms steady. Whakey dull atTLTRS WWSLOW,AN EIPKBIENCED NCRSF. AND FEMALK PHYSICLaJI.HAS ASOOTHING SYRUP FOR CHILDRENTEETHING.What greatlythe gums aaai will a sure «o regulate the aearea.will ah* rea to ycPartoonyaafaaaBi have octal red a r t have con-ia the pwhlic mmd the What reliance can be placed upon his recollection of a de- this purpose Mr. Finney thought that with seventy-dull and tending downwards: no sales this morning. church. ^ ^ . — - _ _ Yesterday evening 5.600 bushels Milwaukee club sold atMnbcenofIt • an old and wail tried remedyWitnessca wereeaeceeding day by sadisposition. Oa that day, daring his will consider this as an mpepertent proposition.E. B achnable wae examined. He had not been ft is probable that the House, In the failure to procure alast withftbe Southern men at Richmond.When the nomination a thus carried, then the Ten-nessesfresolution will be proposed, but tt will not satisfy the South., tTFaitmwi Some"of|the|v :rgulia delegation intend to propose twoby order of tbe committee; bos, oa the mere of the Chairman, ia defiance of the repeated re- monstrances of the undersigned that no w itnesses shouldbe summoned onbias upon notice and special order, interchange in the tariff, will ant go beyond aa authorisation of a seixurc of Treasury notes to meet present exigencies.4BB> mWtAC APrBOPttUTKWr VOL.The General Post Office and Indian Appropriation biteresolutions as an excuse for their remaining in the Con- vention. They are to substance as follows :—First.—The decisions of the Supreme Court on tbe sub- ject of slavery in the Territories are binding on all.Second—If the people or the authorities of a Territory disobey tbe decisions of the Supreme Court, then it is tne doty of Congress toannui the organic act and reduce it to the direct government of the United States.This will be pressed against Douglas as h a own doe- trine, promulgated at Springfield, when he said that the Mormon difficulty ought to be got rid of that way; but from all I can learn, this resolution wiQ not satisfy the cotton States, aad win hardly please the friends of Douglas, who are nibbling at it.SenatorfMason is here counselling the Virginia delega- tion to stand by the other Southern States in opposition to Douglas and squatter sovereignty. Only four delegates out of thirty are in favor of Douglas. Mason wants to get a new lease of his seat, and be hacks the secedera and the South.Charles W. Russell, of Wheeling, chairman of the dele- gation, want? this pace, and takes the opposite track, and is therefore working hard against the secession move- ment.Some of the Georgians say that if any delegate from their State should vote for Douglas he will be driven out of Georgia if be dans to return.The bogus Alabama delegates have offered to compro- mise with the regular delegates by admitting half of each, but the proposition was rejected.to/The vote upon the admission of the seceding delegates may be regarded as a test of the harmony or breaking up of the Convention, and also of the fate of Douglas. If tbe New York delegation intend to slaughter him they will vote to admit the seceding delegates. If not, they will vote to reject them.But the policy of the Douglas men is to cause them to go oat voluntarily rather than to reject them, aad this may be done either by attempting to pledge them to stand by the action of the Convention, or upon the ques- tion of the platform, or on the nomination of Douglas.The truth is. the Mew Xork politicians who smell the spoils, are greatly embarrassed by the Southern delegates ottering to return, sent back as they have been by the regular democracy On the other hand, if they admit them their plans will be deranged.In the case of the New England delegations, there is a gain for Douglas of one or two rotes, and one delegate has since been instructed to vote for Douglas but will not obey. A point is to be raised on this. In connection there is said to be again for turn of a vote and a half, iaNew YOB*, June 9 'TOTHB PUBUG.Tbe new eoopaav known as theCompany." have purchased from ma my factory to MewBrunswH*. a s / nineteen patena, aad all my title under Oood- year'f patent, wUfc all claims for pasnt intofrfrinlageiacanenaia And by ia passed, all rood* *ta*nouractuieatarHie.or eupptied to otaera rfty, aaay be ana art areeaaaeaaba toucan. ertoaotdor arogatories had been previously furnished to him by the finally passed. The Military bill is in the bands of a Com-Chairman without the knowledge or consent of the under-, mittee of Cboference on the disagreeing amendments.ttawithin reach of the committee, which bad declared nwl;' possessed of power to obtain it, art had signified the intention of exerting that power. CHaw T O M . J TheTHX PUBLIC. •Tin* aoid all ala right, UTbe undersigned forbears to dilate upon the conse- quences which may result if the course of tbe committee on this point should be drawn into a precedent. It must be obvious to tbe most careless and superficial observerWILLIAM JUD60N. No. 37 iaad ft,Cave Johnson has accepted the OoeamisBionership to The Same between Judge Buck a r t Webster is thQs no- settle claims under the Paraguay treaty. The Paraguayticed —Another charse against the administration was aa im-puted attempt to bay the services of John W. Forney,Commissioner has notified the President that he is ready to proceed at cart to business.The President a engaged at the Department of State upwards of six hoars every day, examin- ing aad paffimg upon the ecveral bills that arel kMMM Ml* ^ ^A^^^^#*aaa*«***atfaj*aaa**«0aaaasnnaaa*rtto*'editor of a newspaper in Philadelph;to be mad* by astag the pahhe printing for that purpose. It was alleged that the Attorney General promised the printing of the post office blanks to Forney, upon the conditions mentioned. AH this was entirely a r t Com-pletely beyond tbe range of any inquiry which the House had authorised the committee to make. The undersigned made no oppasstaaa thereto, last hat motives might have been misinterpreted. David Webster, of Philadelphia, was called to prove the charge, and he de- tailed a private c o m meat ton which he had with tbe Attorney General. About two yeanThis purchase wasare hat the legitimate sultory conversation of four hours in length, which occur- five well armed and well mounted men the route mightto*.M a r r i e d .Lrosts—PHILLIFS —Oti s«unda>, June 17. by the Rev. J.J. Lvons. Sotoatoir I TOW. of this eitv to raassa, daughter of the ate David A. Phillips, of Phiadelpha.Ob, married love ! each heart shall own Where two congenial souls unite,Thy golden chain* inlaid with down.Thy lamp with heaven's own splendor bright.Syracuse, Phiadelpha aad Balttmore papers please copy. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _PRICENew York. » ae Bold by 'red m e n than two yean before t He himself seems dis- be kept ante. If these men were well mounted and arm ed with minnie rifles, it is thought they could secure the •».»<• tn terms art purpose at the President and the high trustful of himself. Instead of giving the Attorney •stations against anv force of Indians likely to attacki of nasamtatsa of this character, aimedtaf hat sssaiaaslialam They e j e t r t a bait too General's words, he n y s Judge Rack gave me to under- them. General Clark expressed great regret that heREFRIGER ATOR8. ICE COOLERS, ICE P1TCH1a a great redocuOn a prtoaa. Sat E D BASSPOl Cooper Inatitute. earner af Aator ptooa, Third aad PiTTHRFtrL AND BOOMOaTCAI—HRGEMAN 4 OOAe.. and for ebaatog ajar***- aa*. ribbon* Ac., equal to mar. without mnirytoeoaarar mtote. SOU by droawW only Ml rrms perbotUe. See tha: you awt the genome articleTHI FANCT FAIR MANIA—TS THE TITLE OP AM Bf- terestmg aruca a Sat weeks LEDGER Ready a tt o'clock to-day _ ^ _ — — _ _ _ _ _ _ _ryiHE MISER IE¥ OF ILLUSTRIOUS STRAPPERS—a\ a tha week'. LEDGERa 12oclock.ATTENTIONS TO OTHEBfBEITS wTVRS WILL die approbation of an aarrtoi ana. Bee Cat LEDGER Ready today a tt o ekak•fETHAT THE CANADIANS THTNE OF HTM, Pf WHAT REV BSV COOE THTNES OF HTM-KXTRAOBHINART STATU Mr ttotoaaa are raajaaaad a i LEDGER. Ready n-tow at nffVHB AUTOBIOORAPHT OF A 1 LEDCER,aUi.«YjUNE TALK, BY AUCR Jf atBccaektoday. 'T^^IiigG«aT «»St*«««»«the time that be beard aad regarded tt of great importance to protect the route, andat which he swore to it. This is not to be at. He who bean a conversation, private and sartataatM, from one who trusted him, aad then goes It to these who bare aa interest to per- it wfflsotaianenaibly.it may he, barn to pervert. like thai upon the late Post- he was in the grave,H£W YORK HERALD, MONDAY, JT/Nl 18, 1860.smsa the oatmr af she oftwenty-one million lean, the propo- at all hazards. If net by two-thirds, then by a majority, The undersigned opposed its introduction, in sition being attached to aa appropriation bill on tbe or break up fhe Cocrenlion. He is to be nominated byfor its decision. The artersigaed was detained the striking out tho tariff, hut retainmg the loan feature, the be, of course, overruled, art he will perhaps be found atto the future official coarse of theto the objection hereinbefore stated, oa ground that tt tt a revenue saaaaan which the Senate has resolutionof tho Boose tt will nndount-0* tbe position indicated last night its way, and it was decided that he should beTM* T^ W * «additieaether and higher grnaadn tt was than under- no constitutional rapat to originate. Bat if the Senate R uis nderstood Mr. Cashing will object to this as not atood that the matter should be carried before the should send back the Morrill bill in an amended form, being a regular democratic nomination; but he willTHX m nIt now seems probable that the appointment of abeing passed e n r y day. He signs no hill, small, without giving it a thorough examination.howeverOKMELOW'S. wad Plum RatmotofARSAP ARILLA.The President will doubtless convene the Senate after the adjournment of Congress, for the consideration of ex- ecutiveArrtval mBnsaarmta, Mo., June IT, 1M0. Tbe overland mail coach, with San Francisco advices of May » . arrived b e n at half-past seven o'clock this even-ing, art foraushes tbe following summary of news;— Sax FKAJTOBOO, May 28, I860.The pony express, with St. Louis dates of May a), a doe at Carson Valley this morning, but on account of Indian hostilities on the route for two hundred miles beyond that point it was feared the express has been cut off.The last express left here on Friday, the 25th, bat we are not yet advaed whether it passed the dangerous por- tions of the route on its way eastward.During nearly all of the past week It has rained inces- santly; and so tittle business was done it is difficult to fix quotations. No article was Improved in value within ten days, and it is generally believed that busi- ness will open this week with a declining market. Th weather is BOW pleasant, art no doubt the dry season has commenced, as the heavy rains have already con tinned unprecedentedly late.The accounts from Carson valley yesterday (the 2Tth) represented that about 15,000 Indians remained tn the vicinity of Pyramid Lake, and that 000 hunters, underCol. J. C. Hayes, and 200 United States troops, underCapt. Steward, had gone to attack them in front and rear.We are therefore in hourly expectation of another letter.A letter received from Little Shasta river, May 25, con-firms the rumor of Indian difficulties at Batter Creek, andsays the Indians have commenced hostilities in good ear- nee t. On the 22<l met they ran six men and six mules to their camp, eighteen Indians being in pursuit. :A company is being organized in Yerka for the purpose of punishing them.The DaQy Evening Bulletin, of May 26 say? —W. W. Finney, agent of tbe pony express, called upon us this morning and gave some sad news respecting the perilous condition of that enterprise He had just received des- patches from Carson City, which state that the station at Simpson Park was burnt on Monday bat. It a supposed to have been the work of Indians.thirty-six hours at Smith's creek strtion, otherwise tbe express would have arrived through to Carson tn less than six days, and that though the express, leaving here on the 18th had duly started on the perilous journey, there was doubts as to whether succeeding expressman.with letters which left here yesterday, would start.Mr. Finny called upon General Clark to ascertain if the government would not furnish some protection to the route. Aa the Pony Express is but an individual enter- prise, Mr. F explained to General Clark that he had no right to call for protection of the express by itself, but the route was the some over which passed the U. S. mail, for which reason it was, perhaps, the duty of the government to keep It clear. There were on the road, jouraeving towards California by this route, at least six or seven emigrant trains, which would foil victims to the cruelty and rapacity of the savages. ForBPBCIAL FEATURES. L Bopertor euahty.OOCRT JXTOQU.Singer's Beatwill be abed cm for a abort tone, with the privilege of pur-toorder to place THE BEST FAMILY MACHINES IB THK WOKLP within Oa reach of all, we have reduced aurA Machines 10 tWJ and SB9I. M. 8INaERCCO.,4B9Attention.—Edge, off Jersey City,tbe only Vj iiiliibahl Who goffered from their abundance to enhance d a attractions of St Vincent Fair It was then aaid that Edge* Fireworks would be the only deaertouea used by CaBjoues on tbe coming Fourth of Jury. Results win prove whether the aenaane was made m goad faith. Bdge'a depotis at No. 174Broadway, corner of Maiden Use.Chrtatadoro's Hair Dye, Wlge, andpees: tbe best In die world: wholesale and retail, and the dye privately applied, at 6 Aator House.Singer's Sewing Macninea, Uneqaalled for maDnfactnrinjr purpose*, and cheaper than any others at any price. No. 1, 480; No. x, SUM). A new aaaahtoa, nnimliM rapid and which can do every ktod of work; price <aaad and drawers), SU0.L M. 8INOEB A CO.. 466 Broadway.IVneeler and WlUon'i Ottos, 404 Broadway. Mew York.The station keener and all the animals are yet missing.Recently the Indians fired on two men named Redmanand Robinson, who were conducting a freight train, se-verely wounding Robinson Redman escaped on onemole, leaving tbe wagon on Simpson's Canon, and had ar-rived at Smith's Creek. The despatch further informs Mr. against i.000 bales the aame time bat year. Receipts Finny that the man who came with the bat express fromthought it would be a great misfortune to have the PonyExpress interrupted, but in the absence of means he coulddo nothing at present. Under these circumstances Mr.Fornev is tearful that the Express will have to be stopped.He leaves immediately for the scene of danger, and will at 34Sc- Whiskey steady: sales of SO bba. at SO^c.make an attempt to carry on the enterprise. Canal freight!, dull at 40c. on flour, lie. on wheat, 10c. on Arrived at San Francisco, May 26, ship Herald of the corn, to New York. Lake import? 8.000 bba. flour, 3.000BaadUBnaasuBB—On Sunday morning. June IT.Morning, Mitchell, Boston.ST. LOUS. June 17,1360. The Tucson (Arisona) cotneporteat of the B*ptMcam says that Indian depredations continue In that part of the Territory, MM Apaches having run off the entire herd af tbe Sacta Vita Silver Mining Company oa the tight of thetUthatt.Tbe prospect of an abundant harvest in Arisona M fine. The New Menanm correspondent of Sact hat the Apaches and Cheyenne vwmity of hside.J a n s Lawn, only ct !ld of Edwin I. Brinsmade, deceased, arttmwre. Southern man.will be twiThe UnitediT iif i•iinnm ••••**T h e nPARS. JuaelTthe new* «f the proposed sale of ftsogha by the Albany regency reaebed Baltimore from Washington, thisimg, there was a rrnawidwis excav Douglas.portion proper of the New Tarkdenounced the treacheryto believe it, — i nig that the nomine*H» of Douglas was as fart as fate as for -the nthey d e n a d tt point blank, because they had (mediately before congratuating the real friends of Doogas that they had a care game, and boasted that the gain in the deagatioa for Douglas ana from seven to qmnation. Bat it Is » negotiatingon the subject in Washington yesterday, a r t b a n engaged to the mate bmUness here to-day. Theythe South to pro pact Seymour; a r tin favor of hist, bow could Mow Tork start to the way of the etevatios of her son even far Mrthis game a played with Douglas ti -e will betame. Mr. RithSfdooa, of Stoats, has posltiniv stated that this is ia accordance with thewahMofthePram amtrt sttsl Br ^foit&r*^^toZBSS SI •SSUL*£X£r& wsfsltss£,. ** 'g**'~sh' thaidays'amamoftotaiLittlefSiant himself, at his house. when hel i e agreedto tot^ « » , i d » t o e a e W BCB*asssmnwan»-^BiBanwaNBa^BaeB»I 1MassachusettsRhode Island is tbe same, but New Hampseire, tt isstated,willvoteagainsthim as a unit,stillMaineisex- pected to vote as a unit for him.The bitterest feeling prevails between the North sad South. The crowds and tbe excitement are immense Angry discussion? in the streets. There will be nothing done to-morrow but the appointment oi a Committee on Credentals to report on the contested seats.It is generally believed that both seta of delegates will be rejected. This a the knotty point upon which very much depends.The Richmond Convention is to assemble on the 21st, but the seceding delegates will probably remain here till the nomination is made.It is understood that the South Carolina delegation willmeet and adjourn from day to day till the delegates ar-rive. _________^_^^ Monument off Thomas H. Benton.Sr. Loos, June 17,1360. The committee appointed to raise funds for a marble statue of Hon. Thomas H. Benton, have obtained tbe de-r j L t U M a ^ . ' a B f f For sale by alldrusxtoa.YOBK.therea aloss of half avote.Markets.MOBILE. June 15,1*60Cotton—Sales today 300 bales, at l©*c. Sales of the week 2,650 bales: receipts of the week, 1,280 bales,X a d of last year 108.000 bale*. Stock to port 60.000 baits. Sight exchange on New Tork \ per cent premi- um. Exchange on London 0 a 9% per cent premium.PERFECTPIKI 10Casrva. Omci to AawBALTIWOU, June 16.1860. Flour stredy: Howard street $6 50 Wheat duU, at SI30afl36forredand$140aSI66forwhite. Corn dull sales of yellow at 68c a 70c. for white and 74c. a 76c. for veUew. Previsions steady. Whiskey steady at21c.BTFTALO, June 16—1 P M. Flour dnU, heavy and tamer: sales 600 bbls. WheatSI 10. Corn duU and drooping, sales 10.000 bushels prime No 1 at 54c Oats steady: sales 9.000 bushels Canada at 34H^ Whiskey steady at 20c. Canal freights lower: 40c. on flour, l i e . on wheat and 10c. pn corn to New York. Lake imports to-day—4,000 bbls. flour: 2.000 bushels wheat . 10.000 bushels corn , 2,000 bustle's cam ; 2,S00 hushes rye Canal exports— 2.000 r-We. flour: 4S.000 bushels wheat; 40,000 bushels corn, 2,000 bushels oats.BrrrALO, June 16—6 P. M. Flour dun, heavy and tending downwards; sales 500 bbls. in tott at previous price*. Wheat duU, heavy andnominally lower, ao round lots having changed hands. Corn dull aad drooping, sales 6,200 bushels choice yellow Ohio at 54c. 5.600bushels No. 1 Illinois, do. Uatssieady,Btaaasaeriagt Cared, However Caaned,bv a new method by Dr SMEDLET, of 4tS Broadway. Nocharge unless perfect eeUafactton a given. Hours, from 14 NoseIT!-FIVEbushels wheat. 10.000 bushels earn, 2,000 bushels oats. Nsw ORUSASB, Jane 14,1360-Cotton—Sales to-day. 4,200 bales, prices irregular. Mo-laeses at 28c. a 36c Flour drooping at 44 for aupsrtne. ral services, at the house of ha uncle, James & Brtos- Lard buoyant at 12i*c. a 12*e. Freights of cotton to nade, No. Tt West Baltic street. Brooklyn, that (Monday) Liverpool 16-32d. Tobacco firm: choice at 8c. a *%tFxchange on London at M S * a 149X, a r t with bills oladingat108KaM8> % par cent premium.SightexchangeonNewYork >ia , - , - * »Qwosaxaxt, June 16.1860COST-OB Friday, Jane 16, Eta*aw, widow of R Cony, aeter, aged 46 years.The funeral took pace from her tote residence. No. B 9Flour dull, and tower gradesdecttoed 24c., higher grades Division street, on Sunday. June 17, a r t the remains10c.; sales at 84 74 for superfine Mess pork held at SI25 Lanradvaucot Kc .sales at 11 fcc Whakey steady Coos. —On Sunday morning. June 17, totalatlTif*. IMIIT f~- Flour dull, but aachanged.at 46 a 46 26 for common to'clock. Axrow R ehtoct son of Bad. F. ss Cask, aged 11 yeantsaorttoart 17 day*.extreStat*. Wheat lower, with a dacrttogtaa*Se^ The relatives and friends of tbe family a nhwabekind Indiana at 41 24. T J t t bushels at 41 30, and 6.004 bushels Canada club an private terms. Corn i c lower: sates 14.000 basfaea JBtosjBart todasjp at 49c Oats anchanged. but quiet. Canalmights steady at tic. oa flour, Tc. on wheat, 4*£con corn to New York. Lake imports—1.040 bba. 110.000 bushels wheat, 34JM0 bushels corn, 1tovHed to attend the funeral. Sato (Miaday) two o'clock, from the residence of h a_,RI.ffltant —*« Rve. N. Y..ca Saturday, JuneM, wife of Peter W.The funeral will beth* (Baa toy) afternoon. at three o'clock.y , Jane 14, EowaacC14)00 buahrls rye.Ua etoop-of war Portamouth era Praya oa the 4th a*., to art a a few, days forS.W4JLThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled DocumentCanal exports—lAOt •factory, 16 Bond street applied inthe skylightPrivate entrance Tor—_ _, j £ **-. 4*. .DBVLIN Stoaaajaj a a n_ ^ulacture aad aa-e of elastic rubber goosa,Goodyear patent, to the OQoaoadyjaeaeri .Baaattftc arte notice a the public tost all -mema of bw rifthu most be madeI future Saeaaaa to vend aach goods tbo derived from •asmranaCompany,Pxw Toax, June 9. USD.PmedawTwi rooklyn Gallery%,H e r r i n g ' s P a t e n tBurglar Proof Safea, 241 Broadway, corner of Murray Mew York.THE PfatFtTME OP JAFAK. An Extract for the Handkerchief1361.aittfFulton iC h a m p i o nF i r eEliza J., his wife, in tbe 4th veer of h» ageThe friends of the family are mvited to attend the fune-evening, at eight o'clock The rename will he taken to Bempstert for interment on Tuesday morning.were interred in Cypress BUM Cemetery.St. Loon aad other Western papers please copy.aeedftyean.are mvited to attend tbe funeral, from the latter. lav 39noon.ubafpaatTrytt.uFnnoaHANDBOOK FOB? THE NEW TORK TRADE.aaa-, am—»AKIC ^ ^B ^ ^ C E K T SONL Yprepared from the very l a pfaaiaiMiimihil aeadaw tram invalids.IT*BELUnaEAFTPLT.FiftyOsa* I shall act wait to • S«YfJs1f»«lTX«fc>www.fultonhistory.com 