 '1IJ- tat*The alleged murderer of Captain Barr, of the Itbp down to the landing places, and some w .-at on board at oyster vessel, has beea arrested. It appeara that thetnat lur several nawths no sucli ofljda! rccaird lid uten- rJtfee. U sail' hat an important conetMifleliJ^e (pu, bad been reritsriy Infringed, ar.d that very gre*t b'am* attached to the government.«<# #JR»ivery revengeful fellow, and, when excited, stops a- nothing, however ueptratc, in order to gratify his ra venge.When picked up by the French, and during bis con- tinuance on board, be persistently refused to con- verse with any one, pretending that he did not understand the English language, although, when^43>/ Ji14 ''Ifekrabed bust, and found in his possession a silver watch, sailed in tbe vessel of which Captain Burr was as a landing bad been effected be sprang ashore and dis- * ooupie of knives two canvass bags, anl a pockatbook cemmander. To numerous other questions put appeared in tbe crowd, since which V.die be has not been 4eataiMBg t l 2 1 l B b l i t a notify uvea and tens on to him by Mr. Simmons, tbe prisoner .inswered in a man- seen. Be had little or no i ^ e y ^ ^ him, and beyond f » ftram' and Otiwas' Bank of BrookifB, Laog ner so cOvJ and unmoved Out ere® the detectives ware the artidea alre^;/ mentioned It is not known that heto obtain the ooncurrenc* of Austria, Prussia m t Kus •sia, in opposition to the rumored annexation -of^savoy to France. Now, the steps we have taken are to^' - In tbe House of Lords on tbe 8th inst., the Earl of Can We communicated the CM-recpondence which ba« ti» athad to draw their weapons and put themselves on the de- Bradford Durfee, on Thursday morning, and took boara Porte has r quested a treaty of alliance with them for efatxr Mrens, to tbe effect that Johnson was on- fensive, giving due notice that they would fire upon any with a respectable widow lady, named Crovell, wbooc certain emergencies.submitted to universal suffrage If, however. M Thouve 'the views of this go\en>ment But as so.m 'a« laal nel ie of a contrary opinion, I think that M. Wini would commtiDKAiion w*s made there was artotber Jiarty coo ; make nodiffbuity in proposing the form in which tbe cerred, the French government an<i trie FreEchtt LHBT * vote is to be given in coorurraity with tbe despatch which snd wren this remon^trac e was made to the Freacb'THE NEW YORK HERALWHOLE NO. 8601. !"nE«ISKB ttMP T14GED7. -Captar. *t Ow SssaK* Murderer la PwMtstt, •*•* • s ^ *'SCENES0Hm^5NEW Y0RX'ancther, until the excitement btcune quit* epidemic, whkh the nocp w n Ijirg He deynrl Vd htm as being j H.3"AMWuTV THIS CITV. and everybody thought of taking a look at "the daring as ordinary sized nian, wuh black whake.'S1v«rj g-ett along the whole route. The train did not stop BCfflW « * « i r TDE STiTfOH BOISE. k>rg u oagh ss any of the stations to adn it of tbe gather- rig o' a vrTy large crowd, but a number of persona cameEuropean Powers the Roman government replied tnat a bun oufctt to nave b,en recorded la an official des- the Eoly Father could not admit of recruiting, because patch. It was a» excuse for net hav.ag { .* UMS tha itfark. Tbe prisoner, it appears, took the fall River lost, and not the StoniBgtoa one, as was at first supposed, uld immediately after reaching Fall River he took the csft for Providence, R. I, »' ire he was arrested early jejterday morning. Be waa found ontheoutskirtstf the cuty, In an out of the way place, where he had en gaged private lodgings for himself and family. The orti- eefs watched the house for several boors before they seemed it prudent to arrest him, and then l u i to resort to an ingenious « « in order to secure their man.who was under tbc'r protection. Tuis determined atti- tude succeeded, and the train soon after started and re- lieved the detoctivwi from the sad necessity of proceedingthe fact of his arrival here by tbe steamer Bradford ]'urfee, and traced Che place where he took lodgings Much credit is due to all the officers concerned for tbeTHE CRISIS IN ITALY.M. Tnouveael communicated to me. The prop isi'ian re lative to Tuscany not giving rite to any misunderttanl- ing, 1 abstain from making any observation on tbe form in which it is to be presented to r the dbrJomrt vote.minuter, he replied, -It is quite trie T toll >ou In the tame of the Kmperor, on tie ttth or lath or .My! that th. project was abandoned; but His equally trod test imtbe tour or Ore months which have sicoe^ap**!,TARTICVLARS OF Till ARRKST.The officers, it will be remembered, left New York on cuy the greater did the exci'ement increase. Many ofSARDINIA'B REPLY TO FRANCE. COUNT CAVOUS TO M. DE NIGBA.the windows.of public and private houses were thrown TheywereledtobelievethatJohnsonha-,takenthe open,throughwhichanxiousfaceswatcbeiwithconstant Skonington boat, bnt oa their arrival at Stoamgtou, as gate, as if to learn whether the no irderer had been ar-tM twelve o'clock train on Thursday for Stoningtot,day to read me a Asepatcb which bis Excellency the Mi wish to do eo, we could not. In tbe present s'-ate of pub su>-j rt in ciy private leners • had bcon suppres SinkingoftheOysterSloopSprayandLouor nlsterofForeignAffairsofhieMajestytheEmperorof lieopicionaministrywbowould.refuseasecoo/1demand yet the fact that this ttat-ment hat Veen madewill betaken tbe Tall River route. At Stoningtos they went on beard tbe beat wDieh had left New York on Wednesday, f«r the purpose of making some inquiries in relation *o tM fugitive, bat they could learn nothing regarding aim. They then waited for the baggage master of the road, Mr.rested or betThe man Johnson himself did not appear to be in the slightest degree impressed by the inquisitive Cases peering about him on tho train, or by the hubbub and excitement will;out. >'o stoic could have been so calm under totture and suGoing as waa this man under tbe bitter consciousMurder of her Captain and his Brother.official paper which be has addressed to Count Persigny, pointing out tbe seamier which be judges u e ssary to ta sue Irons a situation all the more dangerous the more eon fused it becomes.the part of Tuscany, not only would no linger find sup port in Parliament, but would soon b? overthrown by a unanimous vote of censure. Ih accepting bc'orehand tho contingency of annexation, tbe King s government takes u',on itself an immeme responsibility. The formil de- clarations contained in tbe despatch of M Thouvenel to Baron de Tiilejrat.il render, it Is aware, thrtSlari gers much more serious wbicn it may produce. If it do cot recede before them, it is because it is con vinced that by rejecirg tbe demand of Tuscany, not ody the cabinet, but King Victor Emmanuel hinself, « cu'd lose all in linen z- and all moral authority in Italy, and wculi* probably be reduced to the alternative of govern ing by force. Rather than hazard in such a manner thesubsequentlyshown, theylearnedthat ben i lHoward, hoping to glean some intelhgenoe from himQeward informed them that two or three women bad nets of frightful crime. There was not one person on the gobs on m the oars, and that one of them, answering tbe tram who exhibited or expressed the least sympathy with ftteertption of Johnson's wife, bad got off about ten miles him. lue conversations which took p'aoe among theat Sea.Mysterious Circumstances Connect- ed with the Affair,bas arrived for every one to explain himself clearly, for him to explain without reserve the thought ot tbe French government, in order that the Cabinet or Turin may judge lor itself of the measures by which it would be mosrsut able to regulate Its own conduct.itto due of Boston, at a place called Canton. Officer Sirens immediately proceeded In queat of this woman, sot open bis arrival at Canton he found out that she was tqt the person he was in search of. He then returned to Fwmdence, folly satisfied that Johnson did not take tho Steaitgtoo route, as he was at first given to understand.THK DKriCTIVB8 D* PBOVIDBNCB.At Providence the officers bee una acquainted with de- tectiveBulings/who rendered them efficient aid in ferret- teg w» tbe whereabouts of the fugiUve. They drove around the city all day on Friday, visiting a number of sailor boarding houses, grog shops and taverns, with the hope of getting some information regarding the location of the suspected party At the railway depot they had an interv«w with the baggage master, to whom they Je- scribed Johnson and his family, bnt still they could get no cioe They were convinced, however, that Jobns^n was secreted somewhere in the city, and continued their search whtn unremitting rigor In the afternoon Smith went downto the Bradford Dor fee, a small steamboat plying between Fall River and Providence, where be came across a hack. man who gave bun a description of tbree persons answer-passengers -ere confined exclusively to the probabilities oi l.U fate, the nature of which very few, if any, seemed doubt.Not to endanger the results of the war. and to ait thatthey should be recognized hy Europe, by placing themunder tbe sanction of international iaw—such is tbedouble object;whicn M. de Thouvenel assigns to the policyor Fiance in Italy. He engages the Turin Cabinet to asso so many generous tacrilces, tbe honor ant even tbe in- In tte Hot se of Commons, on tlie tXh instant, I W A.ing the appearance of Johnson and hs family, whim hetad taken to a boarding boose m a remote part of mscrty,esbed India Point, the day previous. Smith immediately<:QBBCDUDicated this important piece of intolligenoe toKevins, and it wan at ence determined .o engage tbe serxfxm of the backman aad follow up the clue. Tha haak ground. Knowiag that they would hive to oxperio&ce aceastty of choosing between war and revolution. Influenced by these considerations the French government proposes:—1. To accomplish immediately the annexation of theDuchies of Parma and Modepa.2. To give to Sardinia tbe temporal administration ofthe Bomagnas, under the form of a Vicartat, which, ac- cording to M. de Thouvenel, would give satisfaot on to tbe catholic and municipal feeling of the population, at the same time respecting the high sovereignty of the Holy S«e.pate m tbese fears. If the at Delation of Central Itiiy takesplace Tuscany very probably willform the provinco wticb will ttreugihen the conservative and liberal Ue- mcLt tl#R moet The constitution of property, tbe morals ol the inhabitants ant their distinguished traditions, con- cur in giving in tbat country a marked superiority to the Luiional cpinxnaol tbe moderate tarty. Tbe ev?nts ot 1S-1H. and still mote those wbu'h have occurred witb tn the last year, prove that the great majority «f the Tuscans know hov to unite warm patriotism with a eettiment of well declared order; and, consequent- ly, if they are united toustb'y <vi'l st'etig then eur con- stitutiotal ediCc» in place of weakenicg it- Would tbegood deal of trouble and inconvenience on their ar- agreed to perform an important part in the capture of tbe rival If tbe prisoner were left in an ex- iqcfst -.' It was arranged that the offioers were to ar- posed condition, they very wisely had him iti- the fjg.uve on charge of passing counterfeit money, quietly removed to the baggage car when the train reach-vrnel) by no mean&sharee the deaire of absorbing iu a more eaiended kingdom its noble and glorioos traditional individuality.After having explained this csmbination, M. de Thouve nel adds that Frasee would engage to support it in a con- gr» ss or a conference; that she would prevent ail foreign mtt rvention of a nature to place obe!acle3 to trio exeiution ol this pi in, in order that Sardinia, on adhering f tbese piopositirns,shoatd have Franco behind her and » tn bcr.In the contrary hypothesis, the French govern man'. would take its own interest as the only guide as -egards its ulterior resolutions; it would rcassume tbe indepen- dence of Us policy in order to disengage its responsioility and place itself out of the reach of all compucaObn.Reserving myself to treat in another despatch the argu- ments which have reference to Central Italy, I lose no time in making yon acquainted, M le Chevalier, with the answer which bis Majesty's government ^eems it Its duty to return to these propositions, which it has made tbe subject of serious examination and conscientious discus- lion. Emanating from a government which ha£ so many claims on the gratituue ut Sardinia, and the benevolent solicitude of wblch for tbe condition of Italy cannot bewooW tt preset.t more 0arg?r-wHri respect to our foreignvdriver readily entered into the spirit of tbe thing, andollcychoose between aDt»'xa'ioc or thi-restoration of the dynasty ot Lorraine. It this solution were realised Austriawould certainly accept it withcut difficulty, and it wouldirxrneciatelj rtceive.tbe sanction ni Kurnpe. Bat aPiiiice, freely elected, win m:tt the tame opposition at and, a if il at were L.ut s,jtiic>. H , i t ir. Vienna, auu will excite more object ens ^t i^ lYUreburg ^ei'oos artt'trct tlie honorable meoibLr for >nte and at Berlin than KIPJ: Victor Emr^aLurl i,imj"ir annex-u> T'Avnty seventh st;ect, where an immense c—course of that uatets he gave him*good money in rc'um he would people were assembled.tte 19th March (Laughter ) P would row t*k tt- n > h'f lord wbclt'T her Maj-sty' g,.7ernm°ct had taken arj ftepr, anJ if ro, wbetaer they t^' any obje^ujn to ptn'r the rature of tLem, to cVtain the tr>ncarreoc<- ol .Austria, Pp.teu acl Russia tn opposing the rumored an • Di u U i cf Savoy to F'rance He wishes to ask, auc, whether they hai been made acquaint! with tiie nnal Inttntiocs of Sardinia with reference to th;j sibjeot, andUtite counterfeit quarter doUars me day -»e ore, andTJ« ntCITlWIST ON THK BOCTW.J he L m «1 itcreay was maintained on board tVrai: way 'rain by the officers in charge of th? priamer, inIcwerfrg ths high postion which he ocMpi»s m Italy.*'M* ba», ie point of fact, hitherto preveatea hia HolinessOosa eonsectirg. I Co not ray to measures calculated to tbat a great many important matters nad r»tri Itart bis sovereign authority, but even to reforms wbi;h kept tn private letters instead of betng retried were suggtru d to htm by s»l Euror*, is »he fear of incur tn public despatches; and the cooeeiufmM wa« tb»tThe following is an aecoaot of a scene witnessed on or-tr mat the pasaengers should not know that such an board the sloop A. E. Johnson on-Sunday last, as recatra.rdir try paeseager waa on board. But the full de-corde1IntbejournaloftheSecondPrecin.itPohoe—ARRIVALOFIHEETNAATTHISPOUT ntgtfccresponsibilityofactswhich,tbougbiuConform'.from time to lime members of the cabinet were oblige 1taiis of the cage, which were published yesterday, had Maxes 34—Isaac Rprigg, of Tottenviile, SUten Island, already got wlad, and it soon became known that the came to (he s'aticn to day snd stated that on Sunday, trv 18th, while the sloop A. E. Johnson was lying on tbe beacbty with tbe principles in vigor to the greater part of civi- to clear themselves from retpt'csibtlity by deoiarisg that lized ccontrtrs, might lend to certain reau U con tfcey knew no bug abuut what had been dona TJM W«Strary to the precepts of religious morality, or no imaginary attr He TBE CRI8IS Iff ITALY. which the Sovereign Pontiff justly cowudcrs \biass*lf its supreme fuardian. ~k very re:.*nt ' fact cerrrbtra'ts this assertion WCTI France desiredto put »t»nd to the -occupation cl Rone, she rrq>wet-d unC.oyster vessel mnrderer tad been arrested, and was oven at ttard* Point, opposite Perth An,boy, a DWI, known t^ then in tne of the rear cure. People, of course, begin to have been one of tbe hauus of said aioop, wa« se*n grindwhopper one to another, them oca man would start off to icg an axe ana tiigiog a''rawing kmn:atil a plane iron h i \ e a glance at .the prteoer-, th«n another and Hewasse«n by Mr. l>e Meoto. Mr. Slight, Mr. Bittervillain." The Interest manifested in the casa WJS>t was repugnant to his consoiecce to subject a great somber of his subjects to a c*hba:y even temporary. Tne iaatitnbun of a Vtaarfat would not prevstt ov«r iAe*e. scruples Tbe H^y Fatbar, regarding himtetf as indiwas rt>l oetired to involve the government in a liiptoiua- fi: ccrrrSjoiic*. oc*. It ought to hare been n«»cad on — ct»Ml in thie F»»o-rit—es <it<f«fl—o* t»l»u-K..., i„n-e^h * Wtttaeaboa haf beenirads;; aKarLen-an? f«ohd nflfce wrresao^aerco. that for Ecvcfalcause Im arrest. He then left tne house, saying he wouldcall again the following day. Upon deliberation, bowe er.it was determined not to wait for another day, but to make depot of the Kew Haven Railroad at Twenty seventh the a:rest thai night, and tbe officers made their arrangeWHS accordingly.THE CAPTTRB.Bav ;cg se ;ured the aid of a platoon of men from the Chiefof Ponce, the detectives repaired to Johnson's lodging abouttwo o'clock A.M., and surrounded the house BO completelythat it was impossible for any one to escape from theyrtiLit* i. One of the officers then approached the halldeer and rapped, hot it waa not until ha had us*I theksocker tbree times that any answer waa received to thesummons. At tbe third rap one of the upper storywindows waa opened, and tbe landlady inquired theobject of the officer's visit Nivens said he wantedto see her down stairs for a few moments on impor-tant hi'sis ess. In a few minutes afterwards thelady came to tbe door , wfcen the deuictiva told h «thai he waa under the necessity of arresting one ofher lodgers for pasting eooaterfatt money,and thereuponaj&umber of tbe police pushed paat the woman and en-tered the house. Upon enuring tbe room occupied byJttnton, they found tbe latter la bed, pretending to beasleep He waa perspiring very freely, but aside fromthat there was nothing unusual in his appearance. of the witnesses, named Burke, came In, and on being randoms concerning the sale or purchase of hay, onions HtTias charged him with Laving passed counterfeit moneyaffoa the backman, and said it would be necessary to con- toy Urn and sis baggage to the lockup. Johnson deniedThe populations of these countries have been adminis*. the mauer quite oco^y, and said be tbougflf|^| *•7 * cotutteifeit money complaint waa ail a dodge, e>: hicertain circumstances—for Instance, if tbe duchies should fcstiejss in the * ^lJ^Vj eo nuch Importance i« the be united to Sardinia—France would be compelled f amitx ttunkproi«/one_o.uestiaaf ^ ^ . f ^ ^ r e s u l t , I ama s s certain he had not passed any spurious ooia. l a reference to the eharg« of murder, the priBOier gaid be Knew nothing at all about the tragedy on board the oyatar taoop, that h« was never on board the v«iscl, and was bet aojcaiated with Captain Burr or any ot the crew o lbs 01 fated reael, He was most strenuo is in ha dicW k a i l kaewMge of tbe E. A. Jobnaon, and said that when Cpaaes would bring him to New York they wo ill finlwards vwiied. Indeed, to well did he assume the sir •f w leaocent man that tbe detectives were some what erubtfa!ofhavingarrestedtberightmanafterall From *• •erwanoanaie found m pcasesston of tic prisonera $10 bill, and requested one of uw Provi-» hand It otir to tbe wife of tbe accused so that ike waald not be entirely destitute daring the absence i * • » basbaaw. After tbe search Johnson was lootedSavoy. Lord Otriey acknowkdotd IU comctneu of that itatemer.t, but added tbat he did not think It necessary officially to notify the result of that conversation in a de- spatch, and therefore confined the mention of it to nil private communications to tbe Secretary of State for Fo-interests of Europe. With __quite unable to give any information to the noble lord be yond this, that bath at Berlin and Vienna, the MixUbrtfor Ibrcicn A fair* have Mid ge/iaaUj that then <¥"« * * * f*< tUtct Ujein by her Majesty* (tooernmmi; but neither at Bar Un %or Vienna did they, at istdetd might se exfecfi. toy>{ p a * r oaa week a board in adrasce ml»ht be Idtatiaad Wlww,wr f tIZTZ.:... Stw eahteittsafterwarur the pr'icnel andi proeeaded on btaru, i ware so i s en tbetr bly contain hia o*otb*ug. They are now in charge ef thewithanyfavor;andonth*VTM£•"••^ B3,f Fmner vateletter,whichshouldnot alsoberecorded to publicdoubt. It * . ^ ? ^ ; * T f ^ B a \ , 7 b o w e v c r Inspired it correspondence (heart hear)—thai no Stttructitms on b n^VmKtwLeaJea.sailor's ttuak, a bed, and two coarse bags, wbkfc proba pslke tt Ik* Second precinct nation boose, and wJJ pro-His Excellency Gcmnor WQlsrd, of Indiana, was hi wonld not accept this wsahiniaww,-''^nb«b fcttltaWtf fce!;Yt:u&UKttl*M WMttbOOhlABKJVAL AT TWENTT-SBVKNTa STREST. Immediately on the arrival of the baggage car al thethe questions a ere not too direct, ho evi- called in quesuon, tho Kings government was naturallystreet, Uie prisoner was transferred to one of Siudley « Co.'s coaches, and ocfore tae crowd, who had assam' led in large numbers, were aware of the praaence of tbe ae cusei, the crnveyan:e had started for the 3econd precinct station hous'.. Captain Weed, officer Kitzmaurice and our reporter, were In a carriage awaiting the arrival of the pr.boner, and followed rapidly in the wake of the coach contaimr? ihe detectivas and the prisoner. The transfer was nlcf ly managed throughout, and BO expeditious were ti-c movements of the police that the prisoner was con- veyed down town without any trouble whatever.disposed to receive these observations in the most favor- able manner.TBE SCENE AT THE STATION H3CSE.Tie c&riiage drew up in front of the Second dis-trict station house in Beckmaa street aboutTh" latter ttory is highly Improbable, for the Spray left Kew York Uie same day the accident happened, and when she sailed both the captain and his brother weretu search of the witnesses who w e n to identify him.picked up be had on a coat belonging to Captain Leete, tuThat, however,cannot be the case at present. Sardi- detat, supported by a foreign force—a fatal alternative. house, he asked the house whether it was right that F.world bad occurred to disturb his equilibrium. Soon one Leete, Guilford, CI." The book contained various memoand opposed to her interests; but it is not doubtful that these propositions would meet in Tuscany, and in tho Ro- magna, the most serious difficulties, which the king's go- vernment cannot hope to overcome.ci-bfrc:-*.ed with tbe prisoner at once identified him as the man who had left No. 129 Cedar street on Wednes- day, and went on board the Fall River boat in companyand potatoes. In one of the pockets of the coat waa fbanda letter written to Captain Leete, by Calvin if. Leete, datedGuilford, Dec. 12,1S&9, and relating to tbe disposition of a vernment, which bas known how to reconcile the most nave given will at least prove to him that we cannot be- whether tt was fitting that a charge of this deeonpurntvtng passed any bad money, but expressed a willing with his wife and child. Daniel Sinuncns also came for- cargo of onions.M to accompany the officers to tbe JaJ, and, dressing ward and identified the prisoner as one of the hands who Jackalow manifested considerable uneasiness while onardent patriotism with a remarkable spirit of mo- come th«> supporters of tbe solution which he proposes. should be made on grounds so totally tnenffleeni deration and prudence. That conduct, to which M. Be so good as to read and leave a copy of this despatch (Cheers )abbKif, announced his readmeae. to departTBS aXABCH.I Upon taking the i m e t e r to the prison, the officerssailed In tbe oyster sloop, and asked Johnson if he did board the French; when Captain Webb left bis vessel cot know Captain Burr. To this question the prisoner re-#»j in tbe harbor to go on shore, be jumped Into the boat an<2 plied m tbe negative, and said be never insisted upon accompanying him, which be d ' i As soonde Thouvenel to pleased to render justice in hia with his Excellency the Minister of Foreign Affairs 1 despatch to the Marquis de Moustier, has won for tbe avail myself of this occasion to offer the renewed aesupopulations of Central Italy the praise of the whole of ran;es cf my distinguished consideration.Lord J. Rcsaaix said—The noble lord the member ;or Durham (lord A. Vane Tempest) haa aaked me i^uetoon of gi eat public Interest, a n d l will endeavor to give bim*•*<». At this juncture Niveu» ' — ' " -* • . u^ormed theJrisoaer of tit* ^ ^ ^ preferred against hun.Urtaken abac*.TOTCATKJN OP THE CAPTAIN'^ ?A?Ca,After the p r i s s y *±i unuergone * critical examlnvtits at urn bands of afl tbe polioemas and spectators whohappened to be in the station house, datecUre Nivens pro-duced asmsll box, In which hesald was stowed tbe prison-ors money,Jewe'ry, 4c. A ailrw watch, which the pri-soner claimed bad been in his poneaakm orer ttfte years,took wy^ag from tbe vessel.The sloop cow lies about fonr miles on this aide of Bar-negat, with her mast and broadside exposed, and when last seen waa being stripped by the wreckers. She was bound to Virginia for oysters, and the supposition ia that there was money oa board, although it ',\^s not appear that jackalow succeeded in getting any of iuThe case hag very much tbe appearance of that of tho oyster sloop E. A. Johnson.and It is quite probables thatgtven to the fonr English propositions, tbe first two of which were accepted by France without reserve, snd establish in a peremptory manner the principle of non- intervention.With such a state or things before us, Sardinia must UoiU tierself to transmitting to the governments of Cen- tral Italy the propositions of France, without letting them remain in ignorance of any of the motives which have led the government of the Emperor, after mature reflec- tion, to consider ttvcm as the solution most proper to se- cure tbe maintenance of peace by reaoaciling the inte- resta of Italy with the exigencies of Europe. It is hardly probable that these governments, tbe issue of popularthe correspondence relating to the proposed annexation French government, to Berlin, Menna a-d - Fe of Savoywould.no doubt, ne aware that in one of the tercbur* and we have desired our amoa i • >n» despaichta Lord Cowley stated|tbat an important conver- Urshurg, ana wc ^w% ^ correspondence, and, sation bad taken place between Count Walewaki and him- at those places to a copy of it wrM those go-.em- self, and that Count Walewski lud reminded mm that on If requested, to leave tio rake .tny s. 1**10 •- fugone or two occasions he had Intimated to him that under ments, without asking them^- —- - ^ ^ ^ | t t y miy muhSUNDA Y MOKNINCr>»bry b* opened to-day for an examina'ioo of their con tenia... MARCH25, 1860.PJUCK TUG CENTStalnly a*t allow him tbe liberty of action neoesyary to DtrmH tbe props-ta p'sn to have any useful result lam W eprnlon that France proposing to herself to secure to tne B«>.y Father certain advantages, and to preserve his high political sovereignty, her object would rw atualnud wiib Icrs difficulty fa* tbe annexation were acoorinlisisdor Jerer of Ca;»taiu Burr and ere* of the oyster boat 2 tfae Leckwotura Hoate, aman named Ait red W Hicks, wh ful, but great agitation prevails bare. Tbe priests are siti in the acknowledgment;<of tbe entire sovereig .ty of the gov rnmttt, and ought t..-have boeu carfe/xbaimu- entreaty and persuasion, and afterwards by ex-, threatened by tbe people, and the fortification of the the Pope, and in an engagement to coopernie even b / Licatel. ^"^r *~ ;Important Evidence Against ine each s-tot pteg place, their evident design being to see theot im, in part, of one of the foulest murdera whioh ha<disgraced our criminal anna's, fs likely to fall upon theSUUL of Rhode Island. Last night detective officer GeorgeNeviss, with Captain Smith, an attache of th* New Yora%*.»whb the express reserve en the part of the King o' Sardi- nia to negotiate wrth tbe Ho»y See, and toc*telnj»««eo:t b the new state of things by meats of cerraia obrfAuons Sisof tneh importance kbOWB through thoPrisoner,prisoner. The excitement at New London was intense. Over two thousand people gathered at jtae depot, clamor- ing loudly for the delivery of tbe prisoner, and evincing an unmielakeable deaire to lynch him. To attain thisThe steamship Etc», Capt Anderson, 'roni Liverpool oa the ICth inst, arrived at Uus port yesterday morningThe report that an attack will shortly be made by theAfter some further debate on tbe propr^ti or imPTO-tprteiy en the put of an auibaatadcr cotnot m f u s g a m iTimti, assisted by officer George Billings, of the Provi1William Jehnsoa, a'tis Alfred W. Evks, the suspected object they exerted all their influence, first by deuce police, arrested at the house of James Butts, nsa- Pontifical troops eat tLo forces of toe Romegn* Is doibt M«je«ty would contract with It; those obJ^gatitH to coj iaa that Fiance etairoeC 3»vi.j bad lung Uaakkigwon*4 Jobaaom, waa arrested yesterday morning at Pro- hiiitirg a deposition to eaixo the prison.- by ie charger with three murders on board of the sloopiitti.ee, R L, and arrived here in custody of detectives fvice Tbe officers of the law were, however, firm in A. E. Johnson, of Islip, L. I. Hicks hails from Foster, in place ia being actively continued.force of arms In the maintenance of h s rndepehden * , an* The E»rl of PKRCV raid that for four o/ five j m J u v t ' & to contribute to a certain extent towards the expenses of Lobie lord at tho head of the Kor^u l»ffice bad ftma'red tbe court of Rome. According to these considerations, in tte full n'>nricc aad cou\kti.ja that th"y Fn\aeh whirh cannot escape M. Fartot.it is pjesible that, In order toverDmtnt had altogether aband.ncl ibe fJoJTSSitA to obtain a more sincere manifestation of the withes of the tte aiLexatiCL o" Savoy; act when thai project againMrvtaa and Smith by the bail past foor o'clock train yeathe discbarge of their duty. They endeavored to paot'y this State, where he says he has six brothers, farmersTbe Western Powers have made proposals to the Portefcfrday aiteraoon the exerted mnlti:ode, whose blood seemed to be bubbling His wife, an Irish woman, and a child eleven months old.|j)ariag the Cay Capi Weed, of the Second pre- up wi'h the desire for vengeance, and eventually tb«y were w th him. He came here from Fall Biver, by the DumMcm Frwtipmlitia, should any complications sod an population, the government of Romagna will make no .ajAWm^d a tangible lorro, no ti-ne was lost in com *eSxt | •"lice, received a telegraphic despatch from armed inter vention take place there. It Is stated that the express mention of the VfVariat in the propositioni to be muniuitng with the Freuih govf-rncient. and ttawrTg*air arrest, and would soon be an his way to N'eaj one who dared to proceed with violence agains'. tbe man cupiea a part oi Mr. Butts' bouse. Mr. Smith discovereddently understood well enough. He says that hocamo to this country seven years ago, in the UnitedStates steamer Mississippi, and that he is no ir twenty-sixyears of sge. When asked why he did not take tho captain's money with him, he said that it was locked up in abox and that be could not get it. His stories concerningthe manner of the captain's death are very conQict&if.He first said that the captain was thro -vu overboard bybeing struck by the main sheet; then he said that at thetime of the collision the captain was stanling on the bowsprit an was kneckad off by the concussion, and tinally contain a solution much more advantageous for Italy thanthat he was sick in the cabin and unable to get on deck.that which we were permitted to hope for the day after t he peace of Tillafranca.The complete destruction of Austrian influence en the right back of tha Po, the, exclusion of every thought of restoration, and, finally, a lay and liberal government se- cured to the Rosaagnas, are immense benefits, the im-five o'clock, and the same good lack known to V in excellent health. In regard to the story portance of which we cannot refute to admit. Tt IS,attended tbe transfer in this case as that which took placeabout tbe captain of the Spray being on the bow-ont, thetherefore, possible that if this solution had been proposed in tbe month of August it would have boon ac• jepwd. if not with enthuaitem, at least without repugnance, bycaptain of the Luclnda declares that tbero>was no personat the depot. Tbe prisoner wat brought into one of theinner rooms and told to bo seated, while the police went visible about the Spray excepting tbe Chinaman- When Central Italy.the pockets of which was found a memorandum book,nia may still, outef deference towards France, accept It,which, by profoundly altering the character of a national charges should be brough' against bim by the noble I«.rd,. movement, would be for Italy the source of incalculable If the noble lord had been in the house on t,he first occasion he would bave heard the noble lord the Foreign Secretarydeclare that tf the question were then brought forward it WOC8- would prove Inconvenient, and perhaps dangerous, to tho I earnestly desire that M. de Thouvenel would be so public service After bearing tbat announcement, c e ' dJohnson remained perfectly calm during the whole of thistinu and coolly smoked a segar, sa If nothing in tbe upon the fly leaf of which was written in pencil "J. F. end to a precarious state of things, replete with danger,ADDITIDIIAL FBOH EUROPE.be • at in a | rivals tetter without being asotccompajiir l bj a public dtspalcb (ri«ar, hear) He Ot «n<l« — . . , - j , ^ , , r.^toe nugu. I'osj-e to lake ani Mr. R^mer, who are tbe owners of a s V l near Complicated State of Affairs on the H-.'.\ See to farm a national army tiae tte other t^seisicn of Savoy. That was afaot cl grtat i anur-aoce,T E L E G R A P H I C .PhOvibtvcE; Starch 24, IsoO.the Continent.IMPORTANT FROM TURKEY. redly responsible ror tbe nets'of bit vicar, wo d I cer-vito., Arc,&eto assist in the maintenance of it* rigtUt im Servia and tM-to greater extremities. The excitement at Hartford was prompt manner in which the case has been followed up. The Reply »f Sardinia to !Vape)leou The Whitever may be the reply returned by ihe'StateTof /flair—not v} rreocnuim, but upon ewtny ocoa*r»<i*—'ccn«i<lerab.e. As«nn asthetrainsameInsighto*tho depot, a larg* crowd collected around, all desiring to sec theprltoner. But the officers very wisely kept him in a secure pcsit-on, and would allow no one to meddle or in- tei fiic with tiim in any way. The same spirit of ooriostty was exhibited by the people at almost every one of the ttopoing p'acea. But the nearer tbe train approached theCentralItaly,the Kings governmfntat once*declares to(d><*(tAat:\ cucumilaniesu^eolu&ih*'chained,Litai that H will accept it uocondWcnalry. - IT Tuscany de- frijidi uxt'ccfoa on f<r Qi>aparaKdvdnnt tj Sardinia,TiRur, Feb. 39, I860. manifest in a clear manner a wish to be united to Pied (Bear, hear ) Sappos'ng that th- psa;-ge'ls lard Oow MosHSCTt i s CBaviuss—Baron Talleyrand came yester mont, we cannot any longer oppose it Indeed, did we ley c e'efpatch—" I have rtpt'.'^Ily a ' ided t->Among tha i>a*8engers on the cars was the Rev. HenryWard Beecher, who, in common with other parsoas, wentin to see ii-e prisoner, but, in cooimaserati >n of his wo* ilposition, th<* reverend gentleman did not converse withnor interrogate him in regard to the blood wh nh is thickupon his hands Oue of tbe other gentiemei, however,who incidentally went in, aMOStoi him, and spoke of tbeterrible evil be hid brought upon himself. But the pri-soner was quite unmoved, at least to all external appear- awl boat containing a Chinaman. The man ances. He said he know nothing about the charges wiih a compass, hatchet,aad a few provisionsRegarding the present situation as tbe turning point of ahistorical period without any term previously marked forits duration, M de Thouvenel believes that, above all, itla necessary to eliminate the elements of perturbationwhich, at home as well as abroad, might impede the regular and pacific development of the ordor of things prevailing in Italy. A too great extension of the territory olSardinia, which would Impose on her the task of a too la-borious assimilation, appears to M de Thouvenel the mostdangerous of tiicss elements of perturbation. Accordingto M. de Thouvenel, Sardinia, If excessively aggrandized,would be ted away by the unreflecting ardor of its newpopulations, could no longer direct her policy, and hercentre of action would be d*splaced. M. de Thouvenel the tack of tbe king's government more difficult, and ex-brought against him. and that, in fact, he did not unior- sland them. The detectives were, however, of a far dif- ferent opinion, as the clue which they had followed had been singularly perfect, ending, as it did, in the arrest of Johnson.TTben the cars arrived at Forty-second street the anx itty of the people of New York who were collected in that vicinity knew no bounds. Hundreds of persons were to be observed rushing from one point to another to s»> tbe wonderful mirderer; innumerable questions were asied of the passengers who debarked at this point; while aa unlimited number hurried on to the train as the surest means of compassing their design. But tho foresight of the police officers had avoided any difficulty on th:sc e n t of the Chinaman, carry tog down with bar the captain and his brother, who were the only pert risen board be- side himself. The French having to run into Little Egg *•vbor, there saw tbe aloop I.'idnda, in a disabled condi- tion ; the captain of tbe sloop stated that during the time the tao vessels were together, be saw no one aboard the £pray bnt the Chlnamau, who refused to seek safety aboard bis vessel.ADDITIONAL PAKTltTLARS.The Captain of tho Luclnda further states that the deckof the Spray was strewn wtt'u bedding, rlags and fur niture, indicating that the cabin had been thorojgbly ransacked, and the coments tcatkred over the deck. The Chinaman, who goes by the nama of John Low, or Jack alow, as ha is more frequently called, is well known in New York, and bas railed with Capt. Leate for the past foor years. Something over a year ago he stole conside- rable money from Capt. Leete, and ran away to Newwards Sardinia tbe populations of Central Italy ; and he no longer Bud a suftlciect coccterpoise in monarchical consequently believes that the annexation of all these traditions and in Uie conservative instincts of tho old provinces would place tbe King's government tn tbe ne provinces of Tledmoct I confess ibat I cannot partici-nil .:.!' me i'sckman was to play the part of tbe com ed Morrisania, and at the same time entered into arrange Haven, where i was captured by the police and broughtback, to New York. Such was Capt. Lite's aUachnent to Jackalow that he refused to press tho prosecution, and, on his discharge, immediately restored him to his positionp*j£*i.'. Acooriingly, In tho evening, thetaJimin, intqmpaty with tbe officers, procae *.cd to the bouse occu-pied by the fugitive and asked for Johnson. The landlady,who appeared » be a very respec-able sort of a person,awt Lt.t- backman at the door and told "s.m that Johnson,or Kr Hicks, as she called him, whom he was in search did not see the reputed murderer. Trie staam engine was tf, was not at home. Jehu explained the ob- detached in tbe usual way at Forty second aire*', at t ject «f his visit, saving Hicks had jr-ren aim horses havia g been attached, the cars were draw J • ? iract (Mr XI Milret) tad alrraiy form d i p .: d >;meets with the agent of StnUey's express, (who was oa board), to tak" tbe prisoner into his carriage as soc- astbemeans they hoped to elude the vigilance of the crowd. as cook on bosrd the spray. He Is reported to be aor the ^< inmtLt. (Laughter) They .vire go ng. by affirm.'ng '. .« treaty, to dec.arc to f.urcpe tb.o heir bancs were ted i.p with regard to this 4aet-..a (Mider, order.) Ile wcuiei tot row detain tre Ho'Siuprnth^ i';bj<<tof ttie 'roaij —(hcar,^ear)—b-it on another cvci- Fion te would do so at a greater leD^th n.au^h**.- ) uwicg to the admirable strategy of the noble lord trie Foreign ?tcrotary be wouK have to wai', how w i.'iicars gotThe gentlemen who came on board at Forty ?econl streethome, andto driverapidlya war , bywhichANOTHER HORRIBLE AFFAIR.Singular Coincidence in Grime on the Sea.Jba,eta, &c.clares tor the preservation of her autonomy by meansof tbe formation or a State distinct from Sardinia, notonly will it not oppose tbe* realization Of this wish, but itwill fraakry a'd iu overcoming tbe obstacles which such asolution might encounter, snd obviating (he inconveniencewfcichmay follow from it It will act m like manner withrespect to the Romagna and tc-the Duchies of Parma andtfocena. But if, on the eoutrary, these provinces again cemiacnicatlvn, and cot wrapped v. nprivate lettersIn the despatch which Baron Talleyrand bas just read The Sorviver, a Chinaman, Picked up to me, M. de Tbourenel justly thinks thttthe momentAc.,ace.,hxgreat work aj regeneration, for which France has madeWe received yesterday morning from Captain Webb, of tbe ssbooner Thomas E. French, tbe following sin gulaxand mysterious piece of intelligence relative to Uw sinking of the sloop Spray, Capt. Leete, ofConn , off Barnegat, on the 21st inst :—aabedstatedthat he had escaped from the sloop Spray, Guilford,Conn., which had that day been in collision witbMhe sloopciate itself to the measures by which hs proposes to at- tain this double ead, at the same time leaving us free to follow, without the co operation of France, a different line of conenotV. TEMPEST salo, that m puitit'g the question wh.ch ap- peared en tbe paper In his name, be wished to expiair. tne rea-ort tbat had mduced him to withdraw his amendment on the previous evening.Ibe STTAKKR—Tbe noble lord is out of order in referring to a debate wh ch baa bten concluded.I.OF.P V. TnrrasT said the question be wished to a=s re lateel to the annexation of Saccy by the Frcn:h Emperor. He had felt tbtuughout tbat they had been placed in a strange positicn with regard to the l-ea'.> of comnierce. He was in a very oilficutt position, but beir.g desirous only to disctarge a conscientious duty, he trua-ed r,e sboulii receive the kind lcUulgeLce of the house. He c e r u o l y would not detain tbe house more than •en BUXW.(Inugtter. and ' Uh,oh.") They were ask''a to dec: Jei pen a ijuesticn of a treaty ot'p-acc with Franc, when in contcqtunceof the French Bmperor't policy they did n.' 4 n<i>o vhtthcr in a fftyrt fime thty might n-t I- compiled tj wage uartttfAFyar.ee. They were asked to concl-idc \ treatyof p:aee on commercial matters In a spirit o' am ty and friendship to Frenchmen. (Ob, oh, and order.)The FFKAKXB said that tbe question of the treaty with France was set down for discussion tbat eveniog, »nd it was contrary to order to discuss a motion utider such c;r cumstanccs by anticipatiem (Hear, hear )Lord A. V. rutPKST though: that on an qitgt.or s ol adjournment til! Monday It was competent for hitu to put a question and to in* \t any observan jtis be cbos«, so >ong as lie ce rfined himself to tbe subject oi that question ile desired to know whether he would be out ofor>r D makirg tome more remarks wfcieh wcie p:rtir;nt t J ico q':cfctioc!The CPU hi R said tne Lot - .table m-n."i-.:r w«s e .utl-d o aik any qu'ttioc, and i t woulu no* no d u b t ,:oDiiuelrri-'elf wiibin c e limits iu pr po^aj L . J q - • i . i j - (Hear, hear )CAPTAIK WEBB'S REPORT. Capt. Webb, of schooner Thomas E Frenchfolk, Va., for New York, consigned to Benton arriveu here this morning The captain states 21 et Inst, four miles north of Barnegat, beViewsofAostrla—TheSasey<fc—stt—|Q the BsWeh Parliament Again,and that <f rAfflt tick plact, it would be tweaary fir Franc* k> aRn*^ »KX y• " (Hear , bear ) That had b»-en stated by tbe Foreign >!Lister of France to her Ma• -t> S represen- tative in rarls. And tbat answer, so ancouncmg the >n tenlkn of the French Emparor, snd reminding the Bri tab Minister that it had been comuiunicatei to b:s» r-jpeat- eolj, o: iht to have betu made uie lulject of anoib iUthe Freacn has transmitted to him,, with the copy or an for annexatK n (auctioned by a second popular vote onto ci r ambaseatff r at Talis, and by bim comm'inioated to tit ccvernmext at home, wcuid necessarily have come out with tboee frrq.ect oomuinticatLns from Lord Cowlej and BPOWIDE that everything was tending to W8r-*s teat state or things which the French government said »-ould lead to the annexation of Savoy, he cou'd not IT 'Etat 1tte answer which the coble lord (Kusseil) i . » t ) a t t h e cemmetcement of this session, rcferrxg to tte ccjniiihicail'vn made by the French government inJuly, at Uiougb that described the actual Hate of things, •lift Biippfcssir; the fact, that, from time to time, though privately, tbe government bad been warned t»iat if cer- taisevcits tcelc plscc, tha annexat.>n project mist be cunEioered as not being abandoned, and tnat it would be neceteary for France •• take posseaUui of Sivoy. (Hear, hear .)ters -t, welt understood of our country, urge tbe King and his government to expose tbemtelves to tbe most perilous chances. 1 venture to flatter myself that M de Thouve- nel wil 1 appreciate the moti ves which engage us to foi lo w tbe line of conduct 1bave traced out, and even should be con- tinue to believe that we are taking a wrong course, that he «iil kindly do justice to the sentiments which prevent us fTom'oenforming entirely to the councils which come from a government for which we are accustomed to hava as much sympathy as deference. After hiving explained with entire frankness the intentions of the King's govern- ment, 1 think it my duty, before 1 conclude Ibis despatch, to add some reflections on the proposal to restore to Tuscany her autonomy, to which the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Emperor ar pears to attach a groat importance. M. de Thouvenel fears that a too great extension of Sardinia would renderI >icaida, of Rockaway. The Spray sank In about fifteenminutes sfter the collision, and, according to tho state thinks that it is hatred to Austria which has brought to- pose it to be led away by the extreme partiesgrho would3. To re establish the autonomy of Tuscany, the nopi-lation of which (such at least is the opinion of M de Tbou. annexation of Tuscany have a greater inconvenience, andIn spite of that disposition, the Cabinet (whose Presi- dent 1bave the honor to be-) has cime to tbe conviction that the!'- realization would encounter serious difbeuities, which it is beyond the power of the King's government to overcome; and this In consequence of the following considerations, the force of which, I hope, M de Thouve nel will appreciate.where, and paiticularly in Italy, in a contrary ca/rent 1.0 municipal Interests Wlihout frieuds, and in presence of determined adversaries, the new sovereign, however pre ,4 his personal merit, would be shortly reduced to absolute impotency. It may be objected, peruaps, as I have already obfcerved, that Tussany possesses conserva- tive elements. I will reply to that objection that thev as not aware what honorable members -*cre langting at. Tbe cptiions of Switzerland were very stronp on the subject, anitl be asked her Mijetty's govrLm^nt *t..:iuer tbey bad any objection to give tbe hou?v tha inrjrmttioo tbey possessed on these suojeito''Mr. Ei.NGLaKE said tbat tf be ev^u'd ma.ctain a l.tt'.e more gravity «han tbo house sremel *o be posg*Bts«d of at tbat nion.fnt, he would "cdeavor to express the indignation with *hich h.> had trard the charge male agalcct him by the noble lor.1 A charge more en founded had never been brought against any h*arable member in tbat house He though* he had gWen on a former occasien a proof tliatahe wa« Dot dupos^d q ncaiy or very easily to give way to any pressure p,ut upon him bv tbe government for the purpose of todubing t.-n to postpone bis motion (Hear, hear). He consented or.ce, on the respcts bility of a Minister, to postpone it, but on me eecend occasion when he was aslced, both by tho not le lord the Foreign Secretary and the 'fcttiorabto member for Foctefract, to postpone it, he declined to do »o, ond having shown that be wa<: capable of n>mnI do not mean to go deeply into the difcuesion of thepropositions which have been communicated to me. Tuscans are moderate without being apathetic or iadifWhatever objections they may present, and somo of which I =liall point ott hereafter, it is certain thai theyferent, and that the parties there, although not extreme,proftES, nevertheless, decided opinions. N o w , a g o r e mment which finds Itself to contradiction with tbe principlesof all parties would be certain of meeting an opposition,if not violent, at least very determine! But the inter-nal opposition would not be the greatest danger whichwould menace the government of Florence. Its feeblenesswould infallibly attract to Tuscany the ardent spirits, theviolent men of all other parties in Italy. This countrywould shortly become a rerolutionary focus, dangerouseven for neighboring countries Thanks to these loreignelements, legal opposition would be transformed into vlolent and subversive opposition, and would place, alter iug pressure which it was very pa,'nfLiI to ree.-t, some time, the sovereign between a revolution and a ooap especially when it came frcm his own i thein as far as she herself is concerned, in order to put anEurope. The result is that tbe feeling as to the rights ofdisposing of their own condition is strongly developedamong them. It Mstrengthened by the assurancos, for-mally repeated by the government of the Emperor, thatit should never be permitted that any particular form of'C. CAVOUR. such information as 1 am able. The noble lord a««ed whether her Majesty's government have taken any stepswas first brougnt from tbe box. Upon being handed toHusry S«amaa,tn old friend oi Captain Burrs, it was another horrid murder has been committed, not, perbaps, BUttrsge, should take on them the responsibility ot a reso- reign Affairs. Ha lordship thought the matter of suffi- uhat step* they prepcud to lake on Che tnbjeet, wbich cer-for the purpose of plunder, bat possibly for revenge Tbe taicablo "marks. Two canvass bags, which tbe prisoner police bare tbe matter in hand, and tbe investigations ofIdentified as the property of tbe latter by severU uamia-i ! £ * T * * ^ <*m B l t t a """rninf. Frevtoua to looking There ware s o marks of vMencs opon tk* parson of tbe both bearing tbe State seal and Gov. Packer's signature. lose no time in transmitting them honestly, at the sameMMebnaiai up, hoeretar, Nivena asked him if be was ;•*•»••goontoHawYofbwithoutarequisjitoa,when i ^ y * * • «*e aarmatrve, and said be preferve.1 befegJ ^ J b r w a a d Immediately to heisg imprisoned at Prowl ••raWtfcereq.rtwt^pfcpevw-conldbeproearjd. TbetiT^**a*tlbattbabist paid Mra. Crcwtdi by JohnpruMoer, wttb tbe exception of s very eilgfct broke on hiaright arm. in personal appearance Johnson is a formtdaThey certify that the dtroroe took effect is Aprd.lBM. time inviting them to give these arguments saoh a degreesnd net so late as 1S66, as was stated to be the case by of pubiicily as h. de Thouvenel may deem fitting.Mrs Post's counsel, when the original bill waa under con Yet I tbmk it right to observe that if tbe proposition relative to to the Romagna be prewnted m tberorm ittiSn"iSu tf'poUcy, the former would It oWi'ged t» do thatb'e lacking fallow, about six feet high, and well built in atderatloB. IT tt bad not taken effect until 18S6 the mar-proportion.another day will throw a Good of light upon this dark and mysterious affair.They persist, naturally, as they have been engaged todo by the fourth English proposition, tn consulting the na-tion, to as to obtain a manifestation of its wishes as com-plete and as unmistakeable sa possible. For that pur- hypothetical, and not a declaratioE of say e ^ ^ P " 1 " ! : :said be mad* wttb bis own bands, were also Ideatitled byboth Mr. Bfsmsn and Simmon* as beiog tbe property ofCaptain Frr. Tbe identification of these art!ales produced a profound sensation ia th* room, limit the powers ot Hannah Maria Postin reference to the the least contested.and all doubts as to the prisoner's guilt were disposal of her property was finally lost at tbe evening Tbe communication of which I bare just spoken will dispell*! as unworthy o£ a moment s consideration. Be- session on Wednesday, after a long and animate) speech be made this very dsy, either to M. Farial or Baron Rica-couple of pocket bandkcrchiefi, some keys and s pipe. vanta Legishvtnre, alttsted by tbe Secretary of State; and pecially applicable to Tuscany or to the Bomagna, 1 shall also an opinion of tt* Attorney General of PeMsyrrania,The DcKiof NKWCASTLI! defended Lord Cowley's course, thai in as much as the conversation alluded to WMmerelyDaring fbo entire time occupied in bringing him to this counsel, which, as it now appears from these certificates, Rcmagncle. <I|bM part, tha Holy Father wouit prohs- gned to private correspondence,That 1 w* wijweo » '-""TZvatimfrom that P»»tr Th*city he bas shown no disposition to be unruly, and quietlyfolicsed tbe officers everywhere be was bade. Aftersolute separation of tbese provinces were * J 2 S r ^ The-deTofaVicanat,ImMylngthatofa «wet*terfs.think, is" the etetemeat **d^ ^ ^ wtell for lhftt .K-.n<-M«1 «i» »,_;„, ton* th*oues'jon privatecorrespondencebetweenaSecretaryofSlate and *«thatsupposingtheP*2,B„.^mtB*trust tbeque**>»was entirely incorrect and extremely unjust to Captain Adams and bis family, was noticed in our pape-, beltev ragtttohave beantruealthattime,aad wascopiedinEAEI. t **V agreed with tb* nobie duke thai it would bebs extremely wrong to attempt to throw any restraint on luium., ia M ~ ——; fr, rg savoy »uou;u w»u •«• •fikiL ** « •»»«<*«*•mordaredaaAe*,sad beingexhibitedtoaUrgenumberofpersons,theprisoner tbeHiBAUt andotherpapers,giving Ittbewidestpubli- rencsof(heCosrt ofBorne In totarml • g j * * ^ thosewereservingthegovenuatntabroadany soch.rs- HpuaticnTtbe W h l £ Fowertof Enrof-^andlateololmiir!*!1*"*M«r«*aiy.At7>,octeebiatbe !|^TM«J»» whJstk of (be iooomotl;e at tba rsM*a> • J - ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ the tram Iwllew York wai readywaatakendownstairsandlockedupinoneofthecells, city,whichwesowregret,andhastentocori-eet.-Wmty wouldencounteramongthepoTHrtationeof *??££^m itrainiwouldbsveryinconvenienttothepublicservice. aiilbed»'^^^ttaot^nlywithregardtotheJi^ica-where be now remains, under close survciEance.The luggage of the psb—iii consists of an ordinaryCitf -doVrtuer, aforca 23.Imt*lMsje»ef«Bon. Calob Cuehng is stepping at the Astor House.absolute resistance. It would be i m P - * ^ ^ " e t e s taccept it otherwise than by f o ^ SobmlJurfjo « 0But the condition on which such private correspandanos Uiat care wiD ^^*.*i^»brl«pect to the securdy of tbecki or tbe ^"STklsadom of Sardinia, ' W;tn regard .*> oughttobeallowedtogoonwaathis,tbatnofa« of any cksofthequf^^JinVrf SarTutia.'' w-thregard toCbksgwsnlhelvrtisifsfitUntitled DocumentBightpcbjttndeair* of »ri»I « i **»• tan i» «-»lution so grave, and which pronounces on tbe destiny of thtse populations.cient importance for a despatch—in fact, of too great im portanoe for a merely private communication; and tbat the reasons atsigned by Lord Cowley were insufficient for withholding it from tbe public.taicly does require oonaideration. I have not vet received information of the arrival of our despatch a*. SL Peters burg, it was not sent so soon as the others, but as soon as information reaches her Majesty's government on the subject it shall be laid on the table. There wtU be n m e correspondence from Berlin and Vienna given on Monday.Tbe noble lord asks further, whether we are acquamt*l withthefinalIntentionsofSardinia? Therewasputinto my hands, front a private ..friend of Count Cavocr wha. was stated to he a copy of the Sardinian an fewer, but J have smoe been informed that that answer is not perfect!; correct; and, therefore, unul I receive farther information from her M»r?aty'«afite part of (hi ITrmcK gooermmmt to Minister at Turin, I shall not be able to lay it >iton the table of the bouse. Bat with respect, however, u w u b - itance, I think I mar say fkert tctB tut beany alicratio*. After many exmesskns of regard, the answer gc.-s on to ^ A ^ w V n t k i M o n t h * dUrWnud Ourtr trtterfaon o/ fay that if the Parliament should think proper ui inrtituje a vote in aaroy, tha aardinlaa government *«1Wi'f«T*d«tubt<<3uer.ihi confirmtd n» the oomtnatiom vkicK he And wfta for that vote being taken witbevery form and every i.ber riagew1thMttsPostworndbarebeenillegalandtheiroff- assumesintbedespatchofMThouvenel,weexposeour- XorrtCowley HecouldnotagreewithAeneedsdukethat tv.aad thai tktpvpV thouldtherAydectarefha^t Aeyspring lllegttlmato. The position taken by Mrs. Foal's selxes to stems It rejected almost naentmoaetr by t » the mention of so important a fact should have been son- wVre diiteaed frJiuun under the mrownof Sardinia,*MRS. POST ANDCAPT. ADAMS AGAIN.—'?he bill t* pose theywill, perhaps, adopt tbe meansof untverssl lydeterminedonbytbeFrenchgovernment,itcouldnot and direct sudrsge, ss tbe one of which the result may b>by Mr. Glflord In its favor. During bU remarks he read soli. If tbe French government deems it necessary to sides two posketbooto, tbe bos contained two knives, a a certificate of Capt Adams legal divorce by the Pennsy1- advance any arguments or considerations which are es-blyAivTit a still leaTfavorable reoeetton t h a n * » e ab-vAtt%adtry%iiheda^ Ujen it proceeds to say:of popular suffrage, that P " ^ * ; . ^ DeVsortof importance should bs reported to the government in a pri-1 would not dare to contest it if we bad oc'y toLird /. V TI-UH-EST sni tho honorable IT.CJ; jer f.<r BnUgwaier had with convenient amiability pOelfK>L ' ( ] tj 8 motion w iti' r< j..<rr. to lhl£ ;rEt>r>rtar.t suri.'i r' a i i • s fKOS lien of the rohae krd the N*-„retar> or ti.it.1 i.r )• ,'r..i(rD Aftaiit, ur-iil the l&rw uf toe (r s,-rt •! >Lih ,fing Tuscany to his dominions. l . therefore, a princewere imposed on the futca&B against their will, great interior difficulties would be create.1 at home without anycr mpeisation as regar is foreign policy. In my opinion,therefore, the re-establisbmett of an autonomy in Tusca-ny |ircFcnt8 co advuLtage, but it may produce seriouscomplications and great inconvenience A thronesurrounded with hbeial icttitutiocs, which wouldhave neither the principle of legitimacy nor that of apopular voice to support it, wouii bj wiinout ruousand without aid. The ultra conservative party, andtbat fraction of the clerical party w u c h cobfound the in-terest' of religion with those of divine rigbt, would op-pise it to the death. Tbe same may be said of tie natiirai party, which certainly will cot abandon tbe idea orancesition. Who would defend it? Tte put'&ans ofmunicipal loess. But those are few in number, a^d they tte uncb&igrd op-iiocs of .c^it;erland. (Laughter) lie are diminishing daily, lor ideas fclow each other everygood as to take into consideration these observations on tbe noble lord persevere in asserting thai he (Mr. Kingthe project of constituting Tuscany into a separate State lake) had with a convenient yielding assented to the sug tered for more than eight months, by a national go Whatever Judgment he may pass upon it, the reasons 1 gestton of the government? He appealed to the Itok.seTHE ANNEXATION OF SAVOY. MORE DEBATE8 IN THK BRITISH PARLIAMENT.government should be imposed upon them by force; ithas acquired an Irresistible vigor since the publicity SAavoN said those of their lordships who had gone Into piace btiween her Majesty s government ani thebo uC-dJQi&cr a de - iarlGniT tepeatd bis convi:tion tbat the %po«t»:tspatch to ire government, ••*•' hi•jfThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 