 * Wwhere a man wbo had taken the benefit of this paid b » debts after the tune had expired.ent OMtro MM b ia Ministers were about to deeJareaccoi tnta differ, was about twenty three years old, sad an employe of the Boston, Concord and Montreal Railroad. He ana a young man mnchbebrved, while Williama was ver* uapopular. The immediate cause of the difficulty seems to have been a pecuniary trouble about some lum-C I T Y C O M M E R C I A L . R E P O R T . SATOUUT, July »—« P. M.Asms.—The market continued to maintain Bteadmess, with sales of pots and pearls at old prices.BiutAWTirm—Flour—The market exhibited more tonefor common grades of State and Western, While medium•Bergen. McNee. Baltimore, 4"days. > B K Dyer, Tracy, Eastport, o days. • Louisa, Drtokwater, Bangor, 6 days.8NEW ¥6RK HERALD, MONDAY, JULY 30, 1860,M«WB fire-m Vematateiaw or* CARACAL oo»«SBrOMBSP<*CAJUUM,Ja»a 33>IW0-1 Oyrit**- 7\* U» oj Mtftf maupperto*-**"* '**''La* t/ Xf» Fork—CwVr«tl Out*'* ***•*>4e"x LEWS tut Lit* to»ja6e«lU*eJTUwlaU»pr©T-^ • . ibe proepect before us of a Presidential eles>tederi] government, aad were arrested end imprisonedchrKosina, Hurt, Lubec, 5 days.' rDeismare, Smith, Biteksport, 8days.nCabinet I—Tbe same day was appelated for the >ment of tbe trial of Castro and bis sainistera,AMUmous writer had threatened tbe life of the Spanlab kin-and the governmentwere making «Wf7«•«*«• rer the individual. Congress had authorixod U>.e executive to place W/NO militia oa a war tooting, the treaty of boundary sad river navitatk», oonc!ude»d witb »n May 6, 1B*»,WM read three ttoes and spproved. On the 2d instant the constituticnal forcM obtained a sig-believing that it ia taraeleaa. Galena ia firm at theadvance of ten per cent; nobody caa have been aidwithanimporttradeofenormousamountjust soastonishedatthepopularityofthisstockasthe commencing, it ia very bad policy of the banks to managing directors. It may do well this fall, but its best friends do not expect it will. The suit of the Attorney General against the New York Cen-to F Akiandre; vessel to J B V Cockrcft Bad keavyw*-g d Adele. naaanjn, for BTork soon; CM DasBiaten, snap***,k c o Miter* n a ^ k i a t t o r r t a w ^ l ^ w r t " * » • " • nal ttiumph over tbe federalist faction in the canton o the merchants stand most in need of money. 1tral has checked speculation in that stock; each jSSsaftnrstfsuurBge ready for sea,r «* ••very busy,bah a««»pU«** I***- **• o* "' »><lawtJEsper*la•stabf •••T"» IBBBOTI. MBBswat- ch ad*tortos w ^ I*y^*a4Rw•*«•,tan «***•"» m , U d even kvager, without interest, though he may »e wortfiMaiiV-Matma* « *• owee, prwide* he pro- t. r « a atojort j of faiM creditors to Tote for the Espera, wtKb MB arrays readily procured. This la hare calleditctewa* raffle*,wbo c u M n i ttMtr *°,aoBO contract* addition to tbe facta contained in our telegraphicde- ceptances,6percent;thehighestgradeofdouble • 4 .dt.saa. There • aa attempt to annul the law, but It appears that the affair was tbe result of aCiBrawn, July SB—Arr bark Ksflka, Treat, PtaUadeasbJa: sehrMaryTwoStreetMtrBJDBt AT WA«B>H, KXW HAMPSHIRK.week,butstillmoneywaaplentifulenoughat5a6 per cent. We quote, at the close of the week, politics, and took a short line before Mr. Meyers T3d August, aad are BOW to be tried before Congress.laTt baa been a bloody revolution, aad the ead is ber , aad Wyatt some days since knocked Wilbheasdownf •J p Commings, — — , Caerryfield, f days.Lucia,provinceof CaprssThe moneymarket was pretty active all last manoeuvres generallyfrightenoutsiders. WhetherMmrdevs—Rati1road Meat K i l l e d .SehrEHiaCoweU(ofElisabeth City,NC),Griggs,Grandfear"*vMee iBri! CnJr^^.irksliianas, 10 days, with salt, o McCall A Frith; vessel to D R Dewolf. _ . „ .„ Sehr Wm L Burroughs, Bickford, Matanzas, July 30, with gqgar, to Dunham A Dimon. _ . _ ^.Caanoau,(From the Boston Traveller, Jilf 38.JWe bars obtained tbe following particulars of the streetButcTstRA, M r 30-KNo AmVvMesSseMl mtn p]ortGiBBALTAB, June jaV-SBid bark Neap!olitan, BurdiU (from•true*fjoMy,thereareBBBBTatreajsupportersofIt; oflongstandingbetweentheparties,JamesM. name4a6months'paper,6percent;fairtogood iUiamsand Wvatt. Williams is about thirty fourGFWilliams(Br),McAlmon,BiUsboro,KB,16days, Hodges,for•Bostonldg,EdwardO'Brien,FoumakT •FaLu t t f i t m ere Beaor Pedro Joae fUaa.late of New yearf of age, and late a member of the firm of Prescott k name«, 7 a 8; names less generally known, 8 a 10with piaster, to P I Nevius A Son.York, who, it weald appear, baa acquired no liberal prin- WilbUM, lumber dealers. WyaU, whose given name oure pes from a long reaTfcce la the United S u t a Oneober defied the whole Congress to point out a single intor Bant does not recollect, sad in regard to which othera 12. There has been lately a good deal ef paper offering, partly in consequence of the general rf- vhal of trade, and partly owing to the action of a few of the conservative banks, which are wisely In- clining to increase their discounts at the present_^r Sabine, Robbins, Newbern, 3 days,chr R H Vermibrea. Ryder, Virginia, 2 daya.vt cn Involving dangers of no common magnitude,Hannah. McEwen. Gonaivea, 10 days, wita coffee and x), to H Becker A Graeves. ...JijwWertd, Benrsnaa, Cardenas,tdays,wlta sugar, Cardenas, 8 days, with suEudora (Sj». Oilfin, Trinidad, via Charleston, i days, inteawrw.Jniy t\- Arr scar Bigrtow, Whttter. MTorfc. BARBADOS,stand in each a position that they will be compelledGaston,CnOBSTASt, Bristol, Bag tag, for Bos _.C a * . J u l y l -t-^i L Bryant, ; ; ana other* Skiload iroB "or 8*V«Lport nark Sherwood, Hawson, for]to contract suddenly and violently just at the timecall loans easy at 5 on ordinary securities or firstfired off his complaint, no one, of course, is aware;time. It seems to be generally expected that we brands were irregular. The sales footed np about 18,000It Must be recollected the present Congress la in consequence of some abusive language addressed to shall have this fall a tighter money market than we a 14,000 bbls., closing within the following range of• City Point, Smart, Belfast, 6 days. *.ucy White, Arey, Rockland, 4 days.leciy Bill, Chase, Portland, 6 daya, •isan Baker, HaJaey, Baeo, 7 daya,hrvetta, gammta, Boston, Sdaya.sabella, Faulkner, Bostoa, 3 daya.I-IH {loses Waring, CroweU, Boston, 3 daya chr C'Ta, Eelley, Boston, 8 days.chr Rin*old. Chase. Bostoa, 8 days,chr Gazette, Bolt, Boston for Albany,chr Mary Johnson. Hunt, Bostoa for Albany,fchr Ann Flower, Clark, Bostoa for Albany. " br Glide, Lovell, Boston for Albany.jhr J G Huntington, Lovell, Boston for Albany, ichr Alfred Barrett, Jones, Boston for Albany.•hi- Empire, Lovell. Bostoa for Albany. to.hr Kiyme Fish. Low, Gloucester, 3days,chr Mary Easily, Biggins, Gloucester, 3 dayaSehr Angler, Bessee, Wsrehaia. 4 days.Sehr Lamartine, CroweU, Wareham, 3 days.Sehr Henry Clay. Delano, New Bedford tor Albany, fichr T B Smith, Briggs, New Bedford for Albany. Steamer Delaware, Johnson. Philadelphia.Steamer Vulcan, Morrison, PhiladelphiaEseamer P T Beartt. Sidell, Philadelphia.Steamer Ospray. Meaner, Providence.Steamer Petrel. Williama, Providence.Ship Genoa, arrived 28th from Glasgow, was consigned toRot sot A Fosdick, not master. BELOW.D« party—"eentraliata." The lederaUata cast no am system WM adopted by Monagea, in 184*. and controlled in practice to tbe present time. Thus, cple cannot decide the question by an honesthim, threatening an additional chastisemeat if be was not civillj treated.Yeaterday morning Williams i u driving a cow along the street, when be a t Wyatt, who had been unloadinghave had since 1857; people are recoveringcourage, and are preparing to use money moreprices:—Superfine StateExtra StateSuperfine Western ftCommon to choice Western extra ftSt. Louis extraWised to straight SouthernStraight to good extra doChoice extra family and bakers' brandsKye flourCorn meal, New Jersey and Brandy w i n e — 3 46 a 3 78bayonet, powder and bail are the only altema- some bark at tbe depot, leave bis work and follow after boldly than they have done these three himjwitb tbe Intention, as it afterwards appeared, of years past, besides which the heavy importCAIUCAS, Jaly 7, I860. calling at a Mr. dements bouse, to get a rent in bisclothes repaired. As Wyatt approached him, Williams and export trade which is commencing will( 0/ V>fttzmhtr—Jktljamrimimt 0/ CbaflrtM-^TW'tl turned about, cried out in a very excited manner, "Don'ttral ftutro awl (h***-*—ijrfraordinary P<nt«r* to the yOB come nigh me," and then, a moment after, drew a impart an additional value to money. We see no$6 00 a $5 10 a i O a ft 8& 0 0 a ft 08 10 a ft 60 6 40 a 6 60 496a 630 6 4ft a T60 7 50 a 6 76 3 3 0 a 4 1 6meat* ..munitions, or the voice of the people.The Senate of the republic reenalM still in SMBion, asquarrel given above, Wyatt was a principal witnestagamst Williams in a caae of adultery, of which the lat perhaps, since our foreign trade became active, limited. About 600 mats Java were sold at about 1 6 c ,pistol and fired. Wyatt sprang forward, and said, "I waa reason, however, to expect that money will ad-not going to touch you! Clement, he's killed me!" and vance to the exorbitant prices which used to rule —Canadian flour was more active, but less buoyant inrnt—liuuH to a SfMHlh Charge— Victory Qttr the Inthen fell. Be died almost instantly, the ball having en- st Constitutional Coagressional semkm closed tered bia heart.in 1855-6-7. The country is rich; very few money- prices, while tbe sales embraced 2.000 bbls. at li 90 a $4 06 for superfine: some lots spring extra at p. t., and consuming enterprises are under way; people Western extra at $5 48 a $7 60. Southern flour was heavy, with tbe turn of the market in favor of pur-yeoterdiy, having instituted many meeaurM political and Williams went to his house, aid though manifestingMODOwlcaJ which ought to bring peace and credit to the sorrow for the act as soon as it was committed, appearedcovntrJ, if the executive has power to sustain the law, calm and careless during the forenoon. A crowd of peo- generally are trading within safe limits; specula- chasers. Tbe sales embraced about 2.000 bbls.,and l t d judiciary will be faithful and energetic la the ap-jiH.-at.cfi. To reduce and punish the Tarious predatorybands now Infesting; the rural districts, robbing, burningaad dtatroylng property—the titles being abstractedfrom cakes of record—Hyes threatened or taken, andtbe general industry interrupted, will require tbe concenireted and determined action of the whole governmentof * w and order. The bands of robbers, under the lead ofbroken i down chiefs or disappointed politicians, laugh atevery attempt to bring them within reach of the law and,f exeontive officials. These men are kept under excitensent by men wbo claim to be elevated in moral sentiment, since. It is Mid that in addition to tbe grounds of the and traders in opposition to the government, withoutple immediately assembled, among them many friends of tion has not got under headway yet, and borrowers closing within the range of the above quotations. RyeWyatt, by whom a disposition was manifested to lynch \\ ill ams", when a man whose name we did not learn, but wbo s a l formerly a baggage master on the B. and M. R. R., and who Is noted for bis strength and prowvss, in the words of our informant being "capable of licking any three raei in the town," stepped in and Interferred, tel ling them they mi^ht arrest him, but not commit any lawlees act.arc scarce.flour waa firm at quotations, with sales of about 200 bbls. Corn meal was steady, with moderate sales at our quo- tations. Wheat was In moderate request, and the market without change of moment; the sales comprised aboutWJlliams borrowed tbe pistol used to commit the deed of Maj Hayhes, Deputy Sheriff at Wentworth, 6ome timeForeign exchange was steady all last week. Therates at the close of the week were, for bankers' 31,000 bushels at SI 33 for white Western, $1 26 for red bills on London, 100? for CO day bills, and 110* for Western, $1 20 a $1 21 for Milwaukee club, andshort sight; for francs, 5.10J for short sight, and Corn was inactive, and prices without change of im The County Solicitor, H. W. Hair. Esq. of Plymouth 5.13; for €0 day bills. There are but few product portance; the sales embraced about 16,000 bushels, atfor Bombay: Addison Gilbert, Congdon, and Bell Rock, Harri son, for KurmAeB; E W Parley, Nichols, for Rto Janeiro; C Grinnell. Spencer; Patrick Henry, Moore; Rhine, Moore, and President Fillmore, Nelson, for New York; Volant, Bray, and Amazon, llovey , for do; Jas Hovey, Robinson and K M B M - rett, McLellan, une: Spltnre, for sale; barks P R Hasemna, Coombs, from Matanzas arr 11th, ding; Panama, Oravea, for Rie Janeiro: Martha Wenzell, Smith, for Pott Philip.MATABZAS, July O- Arr bark St J ago, Berry, Portland, sehr B M Demill. Havana.TORT AC PRINCE, July 10 (back date)—In port sehr Castor (of NYork). Stickney, dlag.RIGA. July 7—In port bark Elizabeth Leavitt, Haliett, from Boston just arr, to load for do.SIERRA LEOKE, June IS—Ia port barks Itasca, Rich, for Bos- ton 6 days; A I Harvey, Miller, for Philadelphia ldg: brigs Cal- yert, French, for do 20 days; China, Berry, from Gore*, just arr; Ann Klizsbetb, Lang, for the coast next day; sehr 8 isan Canon.Slocum,fordodo. Thecrewsoftheabovevessels were all well. /.tar on tbe morning of July 1 in a dense fog. was got off on the£ afternoon of the same day with tbe assistance of B B M Ellen Morrison, do Ac; Mary. Sawyer, dodo; br«rs R C Dyer,Turner, do do; Model, Dow, do do; Rush, Plumer, do do; and elearning Red Pole, and towrd into the Bay. Surveyors re- others.orted no apparent injury, and she proceeded on her voyage ST JOBB, NB, Julv 23—Arr ships Bewail, Btckford, aad Sa,>New York. An Austrian bark and an Ingllsh brig got on racen. Osgood (or Millett), Boston: brig Mary Ellen, Bbsrtdon, shore at the same time within a short distance. NYork: 24th. bark Nugget, Brodie, do; Bhh, brigs Antelope.and the Sheriff, shortly afterwards arrived, and Williams was arrested.61a. a 62),c. for sound mixed Western, 64c a 65c. for bills in market; drawers are covering their GO round yellow, and 66c. for Southern yellow. Rye was in fair demand, with sales of 800 bushels at 81c. Barley was in fair demand at 81c, and barley malt at 00c. a 96c. specie. The low rate at which foreign bills have Oats were in good supply, witb sales of Western and Cana-ruled this year is almost unprecedented. Never, dian at 39c. a 39%c. and of State at 40c a 40)£c COFKKK—The market continued firm, while sties were' Bark Guiding Star, Kelly, from Sunderland May 8. Brig Elizabeth, from Cape Breton.Wind during tbe day BSE, frestu•T e l e g r a p h M a r i n e R e p o r t s . HIGHLANDS, Jaly 29, sunset—No inward bound vessels tosight. Wind SE, fresh; weather cloudy.SANDY BOOK, July 29, sunset-Bark Zephyr, from Palermo, going up the bay. No other inward bound veascls to sight. Wmd S, rresh; weather clear.Miscellaneous.B.'KK AnniR p!< KERt.xrj, Caulfield. which sailed fromSal«m July 18 for Montevideo, ret'irned to 8 27th inst with bowsprit sprung; bore up from lat 38 57, Ion 62 53.BbtRK r> W POSTER, from New York for Valparaiso, which put into Rio Janeiro, would be condemned.BRIGCtnu,Pescud,beforereportedgroundedontbeSpa-nish coast about 3 miles to tbe N and E of the Rock of Gibral-Wyatt leaves a wife and child.day exchange with each other's sight bills and withter is supposed by some to have been guilty. was the profit of the foreign banker less than and small lots of Rio at p. t. The greatest excitement prevails through the town,• H;£b Court of Inquest or Grand Jury, for tbe trial of and the affair, wherever it is known, is the common it has been this year. Most of the Coma.—The market was firmer, and after the receipt(tax-rat Castro, and two of those wbo were his ministers, ManuelHaria Echeandia and Estanislao Readon. Tneae gentleman have declined defending themselves before Ibe tribunal. Tbe accused, having declined the time a) lowedlytbelawforprobationbeforegoingtotrial,tbe Benaie have determined this day for their trial or the eaamioktton of their cause, and the Judges of tbe Su prea.e Court have been invited to be present to view Me cause, and to establish the rules of pleading as re quired by article 147. to unite with thedeaate as a Grand Jury, according to article 113, as well as court of anal resort and Judgment, upon the facts arrayed beforeHThe miserable wieuhea who have bandedu-emaetves together for pillage, under the pre- tense of revolution, among their many murders and robberies, have had tbe temerity to threaten with tenth tbe Spanish Charge tie Ait'airs near this government, winch has been promptly noticed by the President, and a force with reliable officers has been ordered to pursue and arrest the individuals who have been guilty of the outrage; and the proper regrets have been expressed to the 8enor Eduerdo Homes, by th) Minister of tbe Interior, with the assurance that every sneaas Is tbe active vigilance of1 tbe government will be resorted to in order to apprehend the offenders, that these offences were committed by bad citizens, who wereendeavoring to destroy tbe Integrity ai well as the peace €f the republic, and would condescend to any ignoble or dishonorable means and crimes to involve the country in unfriendly relations with other powers, through their agents or otherwise, as might be practicable.Fenor Bomea responded in the same frank and courteous terms—that be well understood the cause, and bad no personal fears, berig well assured of the good faith and upright purposes of the executive of the country.Co the 3d inst. the Cmgress gave tbe President a vote •f extraordinary power at bis discretion, to put under arms tbe national militia, to the number of 30,000, should t|e deem it necessary for the protection of the country jand to compel peace.theme of converution for twenty miles around.There is not the slightest danger, however, that theof later news from St. Johns, some additional sales were bankers and brokers interested regard made. The transactions f>r the day embraced about 2,800 bales, closing firm on the basis of the following quo-course of the law will now be in the least interfered the circumstance as accidental, and look for an tations:—with. Thedetailsofthetragedyinspreadingthroughthesurrounding towns have been greatly exaggerated,anil in tome]places the case has been entirely misrepresented.AWFUL Ml RDER AT WATBBFORD, N. T. [Prom the Albany Journal, July 28. |Those who knew and respected Harrison Sherman, an estimable citisen of Watorford, were shocked this morn- ing by tbe intelligence that he was murdered last evening, in front of bis residence, by Wm. T. Vanderworser. The particulars, as communicated to us by a gentleman from that village, are aa follows:—Mr Sherman WM a trustee of the village of Waterford;and, being a man of taste, took an active part, in various of largely increased production, and—not dimin- and $4 12% for Bank. The supply of mackerel was limited,in improving the streets and sidewalks. A few ished, but—moderately increased consumption, is to and price.-! firm, with sales of a few hundred barrels largesince an ordinance WM passed for a new walk b tbe street in which the murderer and the mur man lived. Vanderworker was opposed to the inv-No. 8, at $8 flt%. Herring were also in better request, equalize tire exchanges between this country and wi h moderate sales.advance next season. It is possible that these cal-NBW VOBKCT.ARSn»lC4TKW.culations may be erroneous.city of this country is largely increasing, and the Middling uplands..10?, consumption of foreign goods is not increasing hi Middling fair 1 2 *FRITT.—The market continued firm for raisins, with ent—which would impose a tax upon him of Europe. It is hardly necessary to state that the sales or 600 a 600 boxes, at $2 80 for layers, and at 12 66tide on Monday noon without damage, and proceeded on her voyage. Herm sob;' Capital, Smith, went to ber assistance, but too late to be of any service. She recovered, however, 8 or 10 tonarof coal.8»JHR N A PORTER—A letter from Cascumpec, dated July 18, states that fishing sehr Martha A Porter had arrived there, leaking badly, having run upon a rock at Magdalene Islands, knocking otf cutwater and starting wood ends. She would have to discharge and heave out to stop the leak.BOSTON. July 27—Arr steamships Canada (Br), Lang, Liv- erpool via y leenstowu and HaUrax—arr at ber dock at 5JO AM: South Carolina, Baxter, Charleston, bark Hadley, Kent, Baltimore; brigs Bird of the Wave, Ropes. Port s i Prince; Conductor fBr), Strickland, Salt Cay.TI; Sarah B&rmce, Clark, EUzabethport^achrs HaUle Rosa, Poland, Wumiagton, NC: Golden date, Weeks. Norfolk; Abbott Lawrence, Stanley, and Alvsrado, Stanley, Alexandria: N Holmes, Hewitt; George W Cnmmina. Wbelden, un* W A Hammond, Caine Philadelphia. Telegraphed, l.rig A Blancbard, from Cardentts; aignal for a$5—and frequently gave expression to his opposi He held Mr. Sherman chiefly responsible for the d frequently threatened him, declaring that he not be permitted to enjoy his fine house a greatBut no attention was paid to these threats.rman WMtrack master offthe.Northern Railroad, and w*s, as u^ual, employed yesterday along the road, and came up to the village on the Ave o'clock run. When he reached his house, about a quarter of a mile from the depot, Vanderworker (who lives directly oppDeite Mr.8.) passed over to meet him, carrying a double barreledS. for waving induced the expense be complained of Mr. port the exchange will rule in our favor. We are S. remonttrated with him, calmly and quietly, assuringhim that his motives were right, and that others, equally inclined to think that the course of the market thisfor M. R's.HAT waa firm, with salts of some 600 bales for shipping,at 90c. a 98c.; n>r city use it was selling at $1.HOPS continued in good demand, with sales within twoor three days at 7c a 18c, and of a lot or 1868 at 6c IRON was beavv and dull. Small lots Scotch pig wereselling at $22 50 a 823, 6 months.LIME was in good request, with sales of 1,000 bbls., in-fowliiig piece in his hand, which he had borrowed from aFrancisco: Art Union, Norton, Calcutta; barks Waverley, Tbompaon. Britiah East Inlies Ida, Johnson, Aux Cayes; Selab, Gould. Baltimore; brig Caroline-Gibbs, Natal and mkt;moment we export more than we import the en-change must rule in ©ur favor.years the ingenious persons who make up the trade and navigation tables at Washington have proved that the balance of trade has been in our favor. The course of exchange, which for nine out of the twelve months has been against us, has furnished incontrovertibleproof of the contra-neighbor to shoot birds. He at once began to abuse Mr. ry. As soon as we really export more than we im- for most descriptions on the spot were nominal.ievery moment. The rebels do not tdteany week the importations of foreign goods were $2,- vanced materially for, some weeks. Perhaps the Si•< -AR>-.—As usual on the last day of the week, the mar- IJotal_ Cnnimings. NY"ork;sJf>op Mary Atw»ter. Damon, da.....4^ 27:h—Arr sehr Cluilcn, Borden, Eiizabethport. Sld schlMedford, Veazie, Bangor (or NY'orki.45 UABDINRR, July 19—Arr schrs Jos Turner. Crowell, Phi 40 ladelphta. Glenroy, Wakefield, NYork. Sld 20th, sehr Onlybit they assaf-^uate every oue who fills into |ds iu the neighborhood. Yesterday four uafor- rere murdered iu a frightful manner in the little ui Marare: one a man seventy years of age,ad generally esteemed, another a farmer, at- the aflkirs of his numerous family; another a a£Uuna)i£ ard always sickly, so was never able to enter the Kinally, a young man who bad retired fromihe day before iQ obedience to the earnest eu tK-*ties Ibfan aged father. |b?if bJKliw were cot to FiecesbjluAtchete."'pending Presidential contest, and the .Southern ket was less active, while prices were sustained. TheDry gflodsl^t th^se specimens Sluice. In the meantime quite a feaersjlmerchandise. 1,936,769 2,742,686 1,894,190Movements of Ocean Steamers. FROM BCBOPl......... 9 ........«*• Tireligioualrevlval is goicg on at Laguayra, under theTsarre...Liverpool ..Southampton.Southampton ..Liverpool.Date.For£nwever that this conversion from the pleasures and va- Previously reported.68,447,638 138,262,627 131^5,233 tBohemianTotal....who wei t from thin place, that they were coming to take.Aug 11. .. .LiverpooladdresM I to him last April, by Mr. Francisco Hemnu, Se- cretary i r War, on behalf of President Tovar, inviting turn t o r (turn to Venezuela and accept a place in biaed and beyond the reach of harm: thedirectors may probably, if they^hoose, pay rive per cent thisARRIVED.The Hydrographic Department of the Imperial Ministry ofMarine gives notice to Mariners that, in order to offer great-?.-facilities tor ascertaining the line of the Lighthouses of Cathe-tineihal which indicate the middle of the channel at the en- Babcock: M C Uopkiiis, Dou^hertv: L Chester, Hotaera; a V W trance of,the Roadstead of Revel, it is determined thuit. by the Simmons, Gaudy; H A Robjersl Bodgera, and J B Aiwtln,Xsw YORK. May 16,156UtaiKK, Caaacas, VESKZI SULsve received with pleasure the duplicate of the atiou you were pleased to address to me, dated200,0110 less than those of the corresponding weekyear; the exports show but a small increase. threats of disunion, may have operated prejudici-Steamships Ships BarksIJotal.Steamships.? ShipsBarksShips., Barkk. Brigs..Steamships.. Ship*July 18. ..New York Barks.......transactions embraced about 350 a 400 hhds. Cuba muico-WHISKKY was in fair demand, with sales of about 800 heavier in the month of August. The fol the Union is to be dissolved, these securities, which bbls. at 20}.^.vadoes, part fair refining goo is, at-67»c, partgrooery be presumed that both imports and exporu ally'on Tcnnessees, Virginias and Missouris. If grades, at 7c. a 7%c, and 460 boxes at p. t.142Son, Eastman, NYork.GLOUCESTER, July 2&- Arr s- hr Corinne M, Jones, Salemfor NYork.HARTFORD July 2»-AIT steamer Madgie, Gnimley, Phi-are thefiguresof the trade of the port for are used ag a banking basis throughout the North]1842 ladelphia: brig Eugene A Reed. Craw, West Indies. Ski 27th,ek anil since January 1:— IMPORTS.Ibr (he ueek.will obviously decline in value. Railway bondshave been more in demand. The issues of theErie, Hudson River, Harlem, Galena, Illinois Cen-tral,Rgckisland. £c,are taken up ar soon asTotal.bchr A t» I'tase. Hulse, NY'ork: 28th, steamer Sachem, Thresh->•,.«*«***.. 82 er, do.LAVACA, Julv IS—Arr schrs J B Myers Cobb, NTork; Ju-For tlni weekPnsviojisly reported.14,771,469.July 31.Aug 1. . .Liverpool.Aug ..Hamburg.Aug . .Liverpool Ship*....'1868. $2,979,6751850. 4.210.038IS*} 2,841,629.••i«i.•tkej are offered, at steadily advancing prices;preaching of one Padre Baralt. Toe Comercio thinks, Total for the sreek.$4,916,434 6 962,714 4,736,818 while a growing inquiry exists for cheaper bonds, Cltv of Washington .LiverpoolNY'ork.NEWARK. JulytS-ArrKhrs M H Williams, and Norma,Croton Pulaski, and Ameli.v Kingston: H Clay, Harerstrair: sloops K Minnerlv. and Banner, do Contrivancn, and Jacob C Stout, Stoi.y Point; Amela Kingston. Sld achr Pilot, Stony Point.Illinois. Sinus January 1.. $73,863,972 146206,241 136,071,062 Cleveland and Toledo, the Toledo and Wabash, SaxonlaAsiaEXPORT;- or Paonrci ASD MX«CHA.\'DBI. the Chicago and Northwestern, Ac, &c. Several Prinee AlbertTlKi«f"-»*V(!.of Caracas, publishes a letter fromfiarcelona,' which gives the following items iu regard to For Ur4 week $1,061,016 1,836.707 1,886,515 of these classes of bonds are higher than they Pacificnities of | h e world is merely temporary, tending in no way to remedy V i e desperate evite which are overwhelm- iug the country.Steamships..2 10Jul 'us Menagas, reported a short time since to have died oT his bounds—"The place where Julius Monagas «ru beii ig cured of Lis wc-unda is supposed to be known here,an<iCiptam&pan«st*te& t>lookafterhim,with twenty i ve men from Caigua and the company from Pi- lar. He avoided a meeting with the small bands, or re,bels, in"' >rdtr to fall on Monagas' cottage; in fact, h-: sur- prisetl ind captured the outpost, and entered the farm,34.272.12047,196,784 19,082,299I860. 2.;>20,49726,223,830Previous!} reported..36,909.849Siucf January 1..$36,970.805 EXPORTS OI SIKTR.' 1859.2 203.14840,834,986Kangaroo were' a week ago. The purchasers argue Canadian1858. »30-;,318Steamships Ship* Barks~2l 7where lie found the Indian doctor and three others; but Anct January 1..$15,074,787 43,038,114 27,744,327 The stocks which appear to be most sought after JuraJulius r i d been removed at nine o'clock the previous Vigo...e.ght, 1Ji consequence of totice given him by a woman, The advices from the South are not so favorable are the Hudson River, the Rock Island, the Read- Bremen. *..........•..New York..•Aug .Aug Aug..Liverpool .. .Biesssn ..Liverpool• Schooners..Total, i.•......•••26th, 2 PM—In port baik Martha Anna; brigs John Hatbe- wav. Condova; achrs Americus, Bulkley, for Boston; Home, M R Carlisle, Henrietta. All others Sld.turn, and this, notwithstanding the matter was kept so a good deal of mischief in the uplands. Cotton is a two others. All of these roads are doing and are Illinois secret tiat the constitutionalists were not aware of it.Tbey toe t away with them nine prisoners. Tbe same plant [which can stand a good deal of heat, but it pretty likely to do an increasing business. Of the SaioniaNotice to Mariners.nifht hat they returned, an ofllcer, named Ecbeto, wiUi two companies, started on Julius' trad, and th* next day Valltdares left with a similar inten- tion. Tl e prisoners olfcr to toad our troops to Winers Julius caa be found.*' Later news says the expedition returned unsuoceMfu!. M o n u u and a few followers bav- in* wilb brawn furtlter into tbe interior. A certain Padre t/uinter* D.D., Imd been elected by the Legislature to the vacant b shoprick of Llano.Australasian.New York .New York .New York .New York.Aug 15. . .Hamburg .Aug 18. ...Liverpool .Aug 16. GalwayNotice Is hereby given, that with a view of indicating the posiiioa of tbe Varnie and Ridge Shoals, in the Straits of Dover, tovessels approaching them in the night, it ia the intention of thisCorpora uon to cause a Lightvessel to be placed near the SWend of tie Varne, and a miick revolving red light to be eihibit- NYork: 27ih. schrs Geo Bartol Fox. Eiizabethport for Boston;such as the issues of the Michigan Southern, theQuebec ..New York.Galway 1868. 1869. 1860. Australasian....... .Liverpool..July SI. ..New York •July 21. ..New York .July 24...New York .Julv 24. ..New York .July 26. .New York .July 25. Quebec .July 25. .New Yerk .July 28. Boston.July 31. .New YorkBarks 'iotal....Steamships.. Ship*........ BarksTotal....NEWBl RYPORT, July 27-Arr brig Vlncennea, Love, Port "Ti Ewen. schrs Jmnv Lind. Mitchell, and B II .Shannon, Maria,Philadehhia. Sld sclir Hal.,. New man, Philadelphia.2 NEW MKDFURD, July 26 - A n schrs Chief, Cropper, Balti- 3 more; W B Genn, Bacon. Eiizabethport. Sld 27th schrs Ho..Galway ..Liverpool . Liverpool.Southampton ..Liverpool..SouthamptonTOR EVROr-B. .BostonCanada ..Bostontor cotton as they were. The drought U doing ing, the Toledo, the Michigan Southern, and one or City of Washington. New York.36,107,827that the crop now matured insures ample business for all the Western roads, and that the companies which defaulted during the crisis and the last two years are to resume payment.Arago Europa Adriatic..,Connaugbt Africa Teutoula.race Staph*. SMbbs. Philadelphia: Sp endid, Mahan, Cold Spring. Monitor. Rebens and P^srro, Chase, NYork.NANTICKEI, Jab 25- Arr ssbrs Tryall, Adama, NTork; 25th, R B Smith, RolsWos. do. 2Kb, Grace Caroline, Burrell, RondouL,NEWPORT, July 25, PM-Arr schrs Minerva. Hall, Fall River for Alexandria. L N Godfrey, Elba, do for NYork; Rein- deer, Kidder. NYork: Home. McLellan, Boston for llsltawors;13 sloop Manhattan, Undethil", Providence for NTork-must have some water, and in parts of the Souththey seem to have had none at all this season. Thecrop in the lowlands continues to promise well, and,if the picking season be prolonged, will yield a to pay dividends next summer. The Rock Island, thoidil be trated.hauu>onie increase over last year. They are nowwith its feeder, the Mississippi and Missouri, willvessel, will be duly published. By eitder.The exporting capa-Uplands. Forida. Mobile.Hudson River we have spoken frequently; it is, soto speak, a city road, under excellent manage- Great Easternment, and it will, if no accident occurs, commenceAn pad-age* and letten intended for the Ntw TORI HBRALD ALMANAC 10R M W VORK—THIS DAV.ed therefrom on or about the 1st October next.Further notice, relative to the exact position, Ac, of the Light-MIM«TKT or MARTNFST PETERSBURG, May 27—J une 8. 1*0. SEva, Touigee. Ptovldence for Poit Ewen; J L White, Harvey, Bristol for do.NEW HAVEN, Jti'.v 27—Arr brigs Neuritaa, Nelson. Porte Rico. B L Swan. Prindle St Croix, sloop Greyhound, Johnson, NBruiM-vvlck. Sld schrs Blrchard A Torrey, and Iilly, Phila- delphia E A Cummmgs, and Clara, NBrunswick, stoopflNew Jersev, do. Pastenger, NYvlt.PHILADELPHIA. Julv 2-s-Arr bark Hamilton. Jarmtul, Matatras; brigs Triad, Brown Havana; Orinoco, Tabb ia. Boa- ton; O W Uu-ter, Gllthrlst. Thouuston, schrs E W Benton, Plackman: Sprav. price; If Perkins, Woodndg"; A Contery.morn 233Throughout Illinois, Iowa and the other Westernbtatet, in which the crops have been cut, the returnis eren beyond the expectation of the farm- fall, and as much next spring, though they are like- Steamship Quaker City, Shufejdt. Havana, July 25, at 1 PM,harvesting the wheat in the southern counties ofThe fo) owtep is the reply of General Paen to the letter Wisconsin, the season being earlier than usual. the crop on the line of the road is harvest-have more to do this fall than it can well manage;636 momthe republican managerscombinedfinancewith »r Ac,toABlez. _ftanTTiBaaPTl• 4awBK;\JM '"-ArrbarksTOMpaley, Bishop, P i •ton; brig Lydla Byrou, Hardy, dathe stock has not declined. The Erie securitiesmurder at Warren, V. H , early yesterday morning in 4} a 5; short,firstclass, double name paper or ac- continue to advance slowly. The stock wan neg- fichr ACanale (Br), Sweetland, Eleuihera, July 20, with Kyrna). Boston; Jury 2I,. brig Caura, Peeeod (fnelase mercantile paper; on State or federal slots*,fruit to J Eneas. _ , . - • - _ , * Stork; 3d bark Clintondia Wright. PmluassBaaaeT uly lected lastweek. The roadneverdidsogooda ScarAsoriaB, Eneas, Cat Island, 8days,withfrutt, to J 6andfresh,.hadbeenfromthatiquvoarteratneeSikhaltbuHineesasitisdoingatpresent,norwasiteversowell or so cheaply managed aa it is at present. ' • r MFtedman. Goodall, St Marys, 8 days.GEBOA. July Jr-In port ships wurtemburc. Chase, a a d l t ,month, Haynes, for Leghorn; Charlotte Aand B D Shepherd, Gavle, for NOrleena; sehr Panax for Philadelphia, to clear same day. Sid ou or prat to „GRABD TCRE, TI, July 18—In port hark Cordoba, of delphia, ldg.HAVANA, July 21—Arr brig M A Stevens, Butler. NOrleant- Sd, barks Clara Windsor, Powers, and B A Allen, Pauen.' N York; schrs Bans, Booth', and Wm C Mersaon, Colei do; barksiNucy Rjng, Orav, d<« Diligence^ , Bast, Spates, Boston; Twee rjrind* (D^lt?wfMew*p1tt^13S phia; 24th. bark I'ncle Sam, Com, NewO<rteans; brig Roamer, Wyman. Bshia Bunda.Eld22dai3d, bark I'ndine, Merrtman, Boston-, brig W R Sawyer, Friets, NYork; sehr R M Perot)!, Storgea, Matanaas: 24th, bark Prerogative (Br), Higgw, NYore.Cld 23d, ship Parthenon, Brskine, NYork; 2Mh, Eso-vt, Bry. anit, Palmorith; barks Young America, ColBns, NYork; Kate IJncoln, Y Lean, Baltimore.Mareppa, Weeks,I>ethorn; brig Battle. Hooper, NYork.BALII AX, Jaly 23—Arr brig forward, Ooameet NTork.LrvERrooi. July 14—Arr Lizzie Harward, Robinson, sad Coronet, Harding, NOrleans; Uncle Joe, Sewalt, and SU»--o» the West. Morrison, Mobile; Uth, Sir Robert Peel, iArrabee, NYork.Adv 14th. Bohemian (ss). Grange, for Quebec 19th; Eumna (a) Leitfh, for Hanfsx and Boston 28th, City of Washing-.* tss), Jefirev, for NYork ISth; Asia (a;, Lott, for do 21sq~Atis- tralasian (s* i, Hockley, for do 24th; Damascus da). lJuigUnds, lor do vis Hsliliix 30th; Grace Sarg«at, MitcheJ. for Portland Uth; Belle of the Bea, Janvrin, and 8C Grant, Hiuikiey, for Boston; Empire. Coombs: Yorkshire, Fairbanks, and Calhoun, Marshall, for NYork 16tb; Belle of the Ocean, Chans, for do 18l h: Guy Mannering, Dollard, and Jere Thompson, Biako, for do 23d; Tuacarora. Dunlevv, and birenao, Marwiek for Phila- delphia lSib. Wallace, Lane for do, to succeed the L, Kalama- zoo, Taylor, for Baltimore 17th, New England, Lowell, for Be vsnnah with despatch; Ticonderoga, Woodbury, for Mobile 17th; Minnesota, Deahon, for do, to anooeed the- T; MardaGreenleaf, Merry man, for NOrleans 30th.Loaix.it, July 14—In port ships Bostontan, BarahaaB, and Young Mechanic, Amesbury, from Akyab, dlag; Franki* Ha- ven Searr Blandina Dudley, Atwood, and Undauntod, Free- man, for Port Philip. Jabex Snow, Snow, Merrtmac, Thuraton,$1 33 a $1 36 for fair to prime white Southern.Hark Tra.ian, from Salt Cay.-By pilot boat David Mitchell, and Star of Peace, Sale, for Calcutta; R Robinson, Robinson,N.OmCtz. t%10' 13 14toba&co at 35s. Continental rates were un--hanged, and salvage due them. TOSALA, Mex, June 28—In port brig Golden Lead, for Bew and many wares which were formerly imported two or three Email vessels on charter were reported at p. t. SCBK GAZELLE, tram New York for Newfoundland, was York.from Europe are now made at home. The tendency FISH.—The market exhibited more spirit and tone. ashore on Sambro Island on 23d inst, and had bilged. Cargo TRIBIDAP. July 17—Arr sehr B Planner, Applegata, Mobile.Fair 12}*proportion. On the contrary, notwithstanding the KREII.H-S Room continued scarce, and engagementsFor two or threeOrdinary6>f6% t% 1 0 ^ 10%. \2% 12% 12% 18SAGCA,Jaly21—ThportbarksCWPouhney forNYorkWtr,cluding both sorts, at 6&c. a $110 per bbl.MOLASSBS —The market was quiet and sales limited. NAVAL STORKS —There was little doing, an J quotationsThe hull, with standing rigging. Ac, of bark OJ Chaffee, was ship, a bark and two brigs Chi ships Norweeter, Almy, SanS H I P P I N GNEWS.,12 lia Smith, Boston Ski 12th. echr G Alien, Squires, New York, 16th, brig Mvgtic do. 19th. bark Osvallo. Washington, do.MOL1LF.. July 20—Arr ship <leu Washington, R-ciurdsoo, li Liverpool; biig John P Hooper. Curry, do.11 NORFOLK, July 26-An sehr Sydney C Jones, Bedell,Prince Albert.Aug 16. ....England SPECIAL NOTICE. \?m» Risr*... su« SKTS....484 MOONRises718P . H. BERTHON. Secretary. nrffllA—REVEL LtCHTHOrSE'.with nitise ami 93passengers, to Hargous A Co.jcrRrtAXT or stain or TBX Darai'.iatom or WAK ers, and will make the West rich. The corn ly to be conservative enough to be content with Steamship Montgomery, Berry, Savannah, with mdse (ind 18th4-27th May of the present year, the Southern Lighthouse Davis, Beaten: Sarah Louisa. Cruise, and B R«:key, T»ce,ol April 22 reached BM,tagathsr withyour otlaal anWar and Marine.By tbe reply, aitbou«W oSactal, wbicb I address to yon,yona wilt; be sBtbrsaed of tbe usnoaiibrlity of my aoceptin« so Ihonorable n post. I lad myself, ia taut, with my bcaLrtib broken* aad sulearinag greatly fCrrom my toot. I feel My posjaioa deeply, for wars it aet so I weals g* MtheMinistrysaywrvtcMtothecountry,partieulviy M the War IisfartMent, in which I have aan**s, spa, tarn you.are sa dear toss*.regret K B SM, that 1 cannot acaast th* ssao*,dstiea would be mora agrsaabla to me by baviag you at a u s M a T1 BM partioaiarly grateful to yon for your a* lesybas for youroi>iaioasfBaato you tbaneve* tar your great kianf tsstownrsasaa, ASM reiterating tofon tbe• M »asJ st as* being able toac**a*sothehonarrival of foreign atesunare, while tbe dis-bursfementB hav* beea very heavy. It i Mr. Cobb's 8bound E. Took a pilot 2Slh inst, Ion 67, from boat Mary A Ca will ask the second mortgage bondholders to thartre, .No 6. Has beeu 14 days W of ton SO, with freab W*Wwinds-fund their coupons; this done, they expect to in- »,2*rk.A^*rtLn£ B *Jt «' T!»T,U,*• Joly » . wW> sugar Ai, toJOSS.V.Pair BtaaaUsreceipt«#n*etoJ-ilyI-OwiKtssCcteeedcjetheThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13www.fultonhistory.com**«& &!*&* W*»»»*lBa, Reed, hence for Bio Grande. C R,ccoutijuaes to thrive, though in some of the Centra! States complaints are again heard of the want of rain. The reports from Europe jus-passen_'( re. to H B Cromwell A Co. 27th Inst, 4»J?*M,sig four. The Reading business is on the increase; by, ualued Meamship Florida, heuce for Savannah.Steamship JamestowB, Skinner, Richmond Ac, with mlse a recent arrangement the freight tariff has been in- and passengers, to Ludlam A Heineken.shall be entirely painted red, and the tower of tbe Northern Lighthouse painted white.Fawt'w-ket; Eadl-ott I^-eds, New-port; Anna Smith. Bauth, Providence: DE Wolfe, lusseli, Danversport: Ausun. Par- sons. Phmouth; ATownsead. Townaend. NYork. ateasaers Kennebe'c, JcUuson, and Jo*»'>'aine. Green, do. CM brigaUS* copee, Hammond, and O W Batter. Gilchrist, BoatooiT A Paige. Lewis, Hath: schrs J B Austin, Darts: Spiwy. Pnce;ali.,encioein£ the decree of his Excellency tbe^ of tbe republic, of tbe lsib of the same m>nth, iuttngbisCabinet1perceivebyIt,andyouin-tifyttieeli*fthattherewillbeafairdemandforincreased.Ondiestrengthofthislargepurchase!I.iudsav,henceforLiverpool.1stinst.lat4620.tonSS,saATheINdrographicDepartmentoftheImperialMinistryof>1CHopkins,Dougherty,LChester,Somers;AOardery,Ba»-Iof, tbe honor which has been done me In naming Mary of State, in tbe departments of War and Ma- i the discbargw of which office you urge me to re- fenezuela, conformably to the request of his Ex-ceiteucyj However nattering and eminently grateful may be. as Iuis, the nomination *:th which his Excellency the I resident of the republic wiabed to honor me, it is utterly ut|. .-.t'.f for me to accept it, owing to the present state i f u. hSaitl.. whxh would prevent tat from nocupying wy melf With the arduous duties of the SecretaryshipBe pkstsed to inform his ExceUency the President ac cordiAgar, with tbesx^reaion of my Most profound re greiat S»y inat>ihty to accept so honorable an appoint- ment, as well M my gratitude For the bouor which he has bad tbe cotdesceasiou to confer on me.American breadstuff's in the foreign markets, but the^flrospecl of famine prices is very slender. The weather has improved, and the British and French crops, though below an average, will not prove as complete a failure as was once expected.Thje banks may show an increase of specie tomonjow; they have received some gold from theinterior and something from the Sub-Treasury.The export which will tell against the average to-monjow is merely that of Saturday, 21st, which in freights, and for the abolition of draw-slip J R Keeler. bound E. June 23, lat 48 21, Ion J7 38, signal- i/ed shio John Moore, bound E.Sliip Zuleika (of Camden, Me), Glover. Sttnderlaud, 68 days. with coal, tc master. Had light W winds the entire passage;Marine, ih order to complete the notlficat.on op the 18d>—&hh January of the present year, gives notice to mariners, that the Lighthouses of Dagerort ana of Lyserort in the Balti:, the lighting ot which, according to sec 2 of the sail notification, was to be interrupted for si* weeks 'during the present navigation),<-ock;:il IVrklrs,vT»oodfctid?e- H A Rodgers. Rodgers, ana Roxbun, Chase. THoitou Austin. Partone. FlynneM; Anna Smith Smith Providence. Wire, Itrown. Cialais, Sarab^nto^Ci-iuse, Yarmouth; Marv Hel eu. Huv minaio»a. *VTTrhSZ?~Zi^1m-1 Kenton. Blackminan, Chelsea: L H Endi^oitt, Leedas N"e'af-"grtn Rickey. Tie, Pawtucket: S V W SunmouJs. Gan.lv JUnon,« B Lancaster Henderson. St John. SB: LJ«»* *'lr)t°n S^T Halifax: steamer Delrwaie Caaaoo, NYork. Sid Ship BOU* em Rights. Llxei-ponl. .. , ^.^ rw30. ton 47 66. spoke bark C B Truitt, from Urerpoollfor NYork; July 9. 1st 39, Ion 40, passed brig Trade Wind, bound K.with skip Rialto, bflvks Crusader, Cariotta. and Celestia. ail for ference of a dividend both to this stock New York; bark Hannibal, for Buenos Avres: sehr Mvra W Holt, for Boston: hadlight winds and pleasant weather all the and to the Michigan Southern. The Toledo passage; has been 15days Wof the Grand Banks. June30, Mr Hfrnaix received also a private letter from tbe average. The last specie average was $23,415,644; used to be in demand at 60; it is much more valua- lat 36, Ion 22, spoke bark Cariotta, for New York; 7th Inst, lat 3», km 34, spoke bark Celestia, from Gibraltar to? New York; Saw Voax. May io. \x<o , at tie corresponding period last year the banks )*.- now than it ever was. Nothing further has. p3th lat 39, Ion 35, saw brig Trade Wind, bouad K, 9th, lat 39,Kid from Nagasaki April' 5, Vesper, NL (and put back for repairs, having been lu contact with a Russian whaler, and re nuiiie ! in port May 1. The captain of Lite Russian whaler jumped overboard and wras drowned}.Heard fiom July 8, echrs John Adams, of Provineetown LM sp; Weatjber Gage, Small, do, 33 so. 135 b'acknsh; R E Cook, Fraepjan, do, 130 sp; Alleghany, Cook* do, 130 sp, 135 hmpi.k; Chanticleer. Young, do. 65.h Nicker»sn, Banaor « e . . » e r Bcrton, Crocker, Xlors. *r*POIRTLANlVJu'.v 27—Arr stewnship Cheaapeaa*. rr2*«"' New York. s.hrs Tomah. Anderson, Bluff Fotot. Ja^mjoa, Moody. Bait more; Am Chief Presay, NVork. t Id brig weno- nab. Dow, Peniwrola: sehr Mar;bmd, Cathoart. Nt orfcPOBTSMOITH, July Bb-Arr schrs Fred Dyer, ShJto, Bal- timore Grecian Mathews. Pniadelphia _ _ _ _ tnr PRoVINCEJOWN. July 25- Arr brigs Esseltoe. BanrrforAnd, trateful for tbe private marks of esteem and con* .deration which you have bad thsgoodneM to evince wasi$826,f>31; and against this the banks received backs and free passes, will make the dif- tar 4 days with strong W gales, and sailed thence fn compunytowards me, 1 have the honor to offer you those of my [highest «*teem and respeit, and to subscribe mjMtfyour teiy attentive and obedient servant, JOSE A. PAEZ.last Sunday |67a,290 from California. Yesterday's export will of course only count once against theNVork i.nd tld 25th!: Koan, Philadelphia; schrs Kessenden, A fetter from Capt Fisher, of bark Clara Bell, of Mattapoi Hooper, Calais for KTork. n - —Ckcerai, which iSMfailows —t ui Kiusti uco Hawass, Caracas:— MiVsjavisus>Rncn—Yourwelcome communicationheld $20,7*34.a**. ^ Sub-Treasury has lost mo- been developed with regard to the plans of thf ton 36. saw brig J S Cotton, bound E.Bark Zephyr, JUne, Palermo. June 17, passed Gibraltar J ulysett, reports her at Paita Juue 17. wilh 700 bbls sp "and some PRtiVIDENCE. July 27-Arr steamers Otpray, **•»??;- -Hiish oil " Would sail on a cruise to Callao Ground. and Petrel, Williams, Work: stars Onrast, Tb«oaoajjBBB ten—June 11, aboul lat 32 N, Ion45 W, bark Roscse, Ma- Wttch, Tvler, F CSmith. Smitn. and Ontario, Vangilder, r*ua-neyduringtieweek. Thereceiptsfromduties newMichiganSontiternboard. Iftheyhaveany,Lwhhfruit,toCtamberialn,PhetoaACo. 8ihinst,tatSSJlouer, of and from NBedford for Indian Ocean.•^'•JfJ ^.y^T *&*& Palace,whichwasspoken ,lat2450.Ion6JW).shipSeaconnet,Cleaveland,§4d*v»jTaJcabuano for NBedford.> 16, lat 31 48, Ion 74 58, sehr Valentine Donne, Voting, ofncetown, ft sp 20 blackflsh oH-reporta, same dateTM J it, Sparks Provineetown, 85 sp, 136 blackflsh; Emporium, dor«6»p. 100 blackash; July 15, V H Hill, Freeman, do,'26,'lat40U.ion6910, snip Alert, from New London, onacruise.SpokeBV, AC.Golden City, Leary, of and from Boston for Saa Fran-r(was reported eld Jan IS for Manila), April 2, lat 53 43 S,>Harvest Queen, Young, from Liverpool for NYork, July 49 58, Ion 8 90" showing a blue ftag with a white square ia the een " the Esther, Lester, hence ria Richmond for Biopassed June U. off Cape Frio.— tPrusl.from N>wcasUe for NYork, July «, ut'NilBSjM W.Brig Eruabeth Mary, hence for Aspinwall, 7 days out. Julyino lat or Ion. *. E Bell, hence for Went Indies, 7 days out, Jaly IS,lat W 2A km 72 37. irMarthaSkinner,henceforJacksonriUe,July»,offdelpaia; "K Burley, Munro, Port Ewen. * > ^ - ? * L 1 M ? 5 r Am«,fivrnDelawareCity. SldbrigOrmoB,Baker,Xhdadej- phU;s.hrrir^aunders. Johnson;F J Brognard- WUBBSBB, Cenmrion. StaaJer• Chaa Moore, IngeraolU and VTJow Harp. Wi lae, do; MaraTBiO, Carhste. d; (or Bangor); Wltte CWm. Lovett, Rappahannock; atescne. Bacon, WhtooreiJH "ur net. Worth, Delaware cay; Arson, Austin. Btagethport^ver miulon, Avery; Wm • Bird, Smith, and Jas H mtXSiSlSk Port Ewen. U d r Adams, Davis John R Wajson, P^1,«rtf5f Charily, Fowler. NYork; aloopa ChTiament, Turner, ****** Young and Mary Brush. Toung do I NStyBBOu-, wilsaot. Bondout:MaryDallaa,Rackett,FortIsren. Wsottosea,l'AWTu'cKET, July2«-Sld schrs aW»h Fh*er. Edemrda, NBrunswiek; Harriet A Hannah. Vabnnce, and lr.dtoe,«av ley. NYork? . ~ ckta—RICHMCWD, July 24V-Arr siwmshto JaaBBstowa. >*»**> Orice. Palmer, Jacksonrille Sad bark Oarobwa. rVtard,SA V ANNAH, Jply l a - « U BtiSBBstlf wBBlfhltaW. Le*»" ind, Boston: achr EM Smhh, Sbielda, Alexandria.8KARSPOBT. Jnly a—Arr bark J B Johnson, Clark, ROWT8ALatM. July»-ietorB«d. bark AgtktaJMertng. Can»- fleld.whibsldlMiInstforMontevideo«seekflsoaD srOMTNGTOM, July Ja-Arr stoop AasavBlltSBt16,spokeBrshipTaos Roydou.21daysfromLondonfor Cal- noimceeaeat that 1 and been appointed to tbe portfolio of have- been lighter than was anticipated, owing to they keep them a secret. Rumor asserts that they cutta 2ld, lat 36 Ion 88, signalized French ship John Cock re!!,Ship Aldanau (of Thomasioni, Bunker, Liverpool, 52 davs. creased so that die net profit will be considerably » uh coal, to master. 26th hist, off Nantucket, spoke ship w FST PETERSBURG, May 27—June 8, ISS0. >are being made, it is said by parties from Phihvdelphia and this city, and we presume that thia..New York. ..New York. ..New York ..New Yorkvery mercurial stock will, ere long, once more pass has been 24 days W of the Bsnks. 2d, lat 15, |on 4%, spoke ship that js to pay from the litli—27th May until the 1st—13th Julv,Chicago, from Mobile for Liverpool. Took a pilotfcklinst, S6U will loot be lighted for two months, viz: from the 15.1,-27 'a50. It used to be considered excellent property at miles Kof Sandy Hook, from boat Moses H Grinnell, No LMayiUntil the 16th—27th Julv. The other arrangements con- tained in sec 2 of the notification of the ISth—30U» January re biting to the two lighthouses in question, as well as to those of Finland aad Zerelfck, or Swalferort, will icmain wuhoul modi •cation.90.. The Toledo company is doing well. As usualShip Nova Rival (Port), Fieitaj, Rio Janeiro, 47 days, in bal- last, to order. Anchored at Lower Quarantine.which are being made at Saratoga for an advanceinteition, we understand, to eadeavor to dls- cur no more defaults. The floating debt is being Mdbes Taylor* Co. Is in the Lower Quarantine.pens* with the privilege of issuing bonds under theactofbt>0,andtobequeathtohiesucces- sor the twenty millions of Treasury notes nowBark Alberttia, Barton, Havana. 8 days, with Sugar Ac, to rapidly settled. We hear that an offer has been MOBBSTaylor ACo. Anchored at Lower Quarantine.BarkJJ Cobb,Soner,Matanzas,10days,withsugarAc,to made to tbe company' *>y a responsible party, to Story A Steven* AaeaeradI at Lower Q.iarinUne. ^ ^ i'take the Detroit and Toledo bonds, and some other Bark Flying Cloud (of Baltimore), Warren, ManaaaUla, Julv », with sugar, to J McKee. «-afloat. Veryfewofthesenoteawillmaturebefore similarassets belongingto thecompany,on con- J5?£i^?'&^c,£_Sa,Lr»PSi,< ***«*, Sagma, July a,March, 1861, and if the customs duties are large,as they probably will be, the Income from thbsource may be in excess of the expenditure. TheHank loans will not probably vary mnch front lentweek. Last Monday the banks -howed a discountwith sugar, to Walsh. Carver A Chase.Barkjhas W Poulmev (of Philadelphia), Sprague, Sagut, 7It wfeighUm e the bank* curfailed tneir069ving»?*1«r $?* *' «*P"BB, Aspinwall, » days, with hidesi-ideration of -tilling with the holder* of the float-ing debt. The offer ia believed to have been de- •poke hark. Oi_fl Dominion, from Havana far KewYorkTelhud.The tjde of speculation baa afiected ail dalgo, for New York.BMoritJes alike. Illinois Central has beefparties m the stock—one bnyhtgit, and belithat itWll) BCllat n»r- tk> ,-,«>.o»uTIina. _*.-*AxTw«••r 1•,»»!•> T»..3 K.-i-t....-.aUntitled Document4 S i t o h S a ^ t o ^ v ^ a HaU-*' T r t o i d *d ' * * Ca'riWtoB JWattsBjaha tof Boston), Higgina, Sierra Leone, June 13,eShip Crest of the Wave (of Tbomastoni, Vose, Baltimore. 8bvth-Arr ship NDrthamntcn. Elwell, Liverp*;!. barker errin July, the business is light.line of the road is large, and the through trafficmust be highly remunerative. The arrangementa braltsr 22d. with mdse, to Gomez, Wallis A Co. July 15, Mi 42 with U0O bbls oil (another account says 90 bbls,; would land oil.But the crop on thedays, tn ballast, to James W Elwell. for Valparaiso. *Came to this port to toaddella, Farre'l. Turks IalacJ brig Queen Eatber .B>'- *> TTM* MarVa Poiot. NB: schrs Gieeuiar.d. Clark, NYork. Tj.JlSt den. Wn»htmi.n, Fall Biver; Del Norte. Dinsmora. « » « ^ - A liammond. Pavrne. B<M..D: Mall, Kelly Prorirfenee. Teia-Bark Celestia (of Boston), Howes, Malaga, June 7. and Gi-W h a l e m e n .Arr at^ Bermuda July 16. sehr S R Soper, of Provinoetftwu,Bark Liberty, Shaw, Marseilles and Menton, Jume 3. viBiGi braltsr 22d, with fi uit ke, to Draper A Devlin. I.ay in Gibralsays, with r ^ f ^ , J , w l 3 w e U * ° ° - » d iiuiCoir Mauailla,Bait Pride c B*5 ! l U ^ j n J ^ % * " * . « ****. wM—sugar Ac,to Yzaaga, del Y alle A 6 x in company with brig Hi.July 18.July 18.July 18. ..Hew York Ships.New Y ork......... .Aug 15. ...LiverpoolSTRAITS Or DOVER.TRINITT HOWE, LoxDOif, July 12, 18*>Mason, Staplei, Taunton for Alexandria; Minerva, Hall, Fall River for do: Home. McLellan, Bostoa for Baltimore; Victor, Sears, do for Philadelphia; Jacob A William, Matthews, New- birypou for uo, Grace Caroline, Barrel:, Nantucket for do; M R Carlisle. Rider,Delaware City.HIGH WATERFort of New York, July 919, 1860.>....Galwaytotal, Steamshipstblighting effect of protection duties, our manufac- limited. To Liverpool—22,000 bushels wheat were* en- BBIG VIRGINIA!!, Strom, at Bermuda, has been placed by Gunn, and Standard. iHtra, do. Cld 23d. brig LizabeL Oolley, turers are competing successfully with foreigners, gaged in ship's bags at lOd. a 10%&. To London—60 hhds the is Ivors in the Court of Vice Admiralty for tbe amount of Alexandria: 25th sehr NinetU, Taylor, Philadelphia.Dry cod was selling to a fair extent, at 84 26 for Georges,(molasses, Ac), saved. ZAZA, July 12—In port barks Ptntucket, Leighton. and Cla- fi»R NiAKTtc. White, of and for Taunton, Mass, from Eliza rissa. Pettingill. for NYork: brig Sea Uon, disg. Kid 12th, brigbetbport, with coal, in consequence of ber compass being out Hidalgo, NYork.of orc>r, went ashore on Saturday night 21st inst, on the N side A m e r l c a B P o r t a .of Goflf Island, just out of Napeague Harbor, Montauk, some ALEXANDRIA, July 27—Arr sehr George Kilborn, Carver, 6 or t miles W of the Point After lightening the vessel by Providence. Sid schrs Neptune, Magee, Cohaaset Narrows; D> throwing overboard some 16tonsof coal, shefloatedoff at high S Miller. Creby, Norwich.sold at aiiotion 26th Inst to Capt Tower, of Boston, for $25 50.He 4ili sirip her of rigging, copper, Ac. The flour (about 70bbls) in Ithe bark was said to Cant Birton Ricketson for ISo.ectte perl bbl, an<l the hides, part or hor cargo, and her sails', schrs John Gilpin, Deasey. Surinam: William B <'astle, FMh, blocks, AC, were sold to different parties. Georgetown, DC: Sabiua, Huntley, and Ivy. Henderson. Phila- and at New Bedford holders were asking higher rates, Missixa VESSEL—Bark Montezuma, of New Bedford, sailed delpllM, Granite State, Hallett, and E Davidson. Long, NYork. sales having been made at 60c for the former, and $1 40 Oft |9,18&8, on a whaling voyage to the Atlantic aud In 1ian Nothing sld, wind W to NE. Ship Argo started, bat anchoredOILS.—The market for crude whale and sperm was firm,for the latter; part at Nantucket for cash. Linseed oil Ocean?, jjnd tbe last seen of her was on 24th of same monih, on in the Roadswith jlniiiself. were responsible for the improvement. year, viewed in connection with the large export was in better demand, and beld at firmer rates. Conside- Southern edge of the Gulf Stream, In a terrible gale of vvtnd in 2.vh, AM—Arr ship Cot stgnment, Purringian, Liverpool; After j conversing thus for a few minutes, Vanderworker rable sales of both American and English have been made which sl.ij^Kplendid. of Edgartown, was dismasted and after bark Angela Brewer. L'lmer, Gotlenburg. Telegraphed, barks deliberately shot Mr. S., the charge passing directly of cotton, gold, provisions and manufactures, justi- within two or three days at 69c. a 60c. The latter figure war| arrfved at Norfolk on the 1st November fo lowing. The Forest Belle, from Demarara: Robt Pennell, from Matanzas;through the heart, killing him instantly. Mrs. Sherman Splendid Saw the Monte/.uma tn the same gale, an i there is no brin Moi.tlcello, from Port an Prince; signal for two brigs. Sid, LTIOX8—KoaBIIMBfK SXfcs— Ml>SA"iA8 JTOT DEAD — KT was standing in the front door of the house, and saw the fies the belief that this contingency is not as far to day was demanded for both sorts. Sales of olive in douljt that she was lost with all on board. Rhawas owned by J wind NW to E, ships Norwester. Art Union, bark Maine MetNBW3PtPhR ACCOUNT*.TO CArTlRK El.il—GES. P AEZ—lOKassrOSbKM'E, II.received from Venezuela by the brig I. B. Wat i June 30, and contain veiy little beyond accasks were making at $1 21% a $1 30, 6 months, and of A W R Ring, valued with outfits at $16,000, asYi fully insure 1. ca'f. am! from the Roads ship Argo.f.tber Mrty, entered Guayra and plundeied the stores there, tneaethingsareso'commonthattheyproduceno impressfc>n, and uews-ef this kind is told as if one were t|t«t*in| o( a horse race or a cock fight."Toe Artloom, of Valencia, says—"On the :20th, la" su.. iVillameUiana w a s assassinated in a ni>st bornblej manner, in the neighaorbood of l.t I/mm.He was f e d hand and fool to a tree, shot three limes, re- •twostabs, and had his head split opao. Mr. was a respectable merchant and property Valencia, and leaves a large family of orphanappeafs to be no extenuating circumstances connected t.alena.... 6366 67}; 6S 72i? 12c. a 16c. for Ohio, and at 15c. a 18c. for State, t'heieseLAJ-N' Kr.o—The baik Pericles of 9ml tons, was successful v Isunrhed £8lh inst from the ship yard of John Taylor at East Boston, and received her lower mas-Ls during the forenoon. She is owned by Thomas Howe, E«<|. and is to be commanded by Cjipt Siiow, formerly of ship Havelock.The following table gives a summary of the vessels tn the* harbors ef New York. Boston. Baltimore. Wilmington. N C Charleston, Savannah, Moblie. New Orleans and Galveston, atlatest accounts from each of those ports,— HEW TORE.for NYork; Hero, Carter. Searsport lor do; Wiliuim Carrol). CLipman, Frankfort for do, Kuaice Rose, Smtth, Bangor for do. «BRISTOL July 2C*-Arr sloops Pointer. Gardiner, and Ore- gon Khi des. NYork for Providence.BAKKR'S LANDING, Julv 26—Sld sehr Expedite, Beebe PhUndeiphia.1> AN VERS, Julv 2<—Arr schrs Keren Hapouch, KeUey, NYork: 25th, P. G Poller, Hudson, and W L Dayton, Babcoci, Philadelphia.FALL K1VFR, Jujy25— Arr s'.iop Marv Atw.Uer, Dam.m, NYork. SU! sehr Silas Wright. Stam.,n. Eluabethport; sloop IBSHC H Bordeu, Collins, NY uricmurder committed. The murderer was instantly arrest- distant as some imagine.ed, aqd confined in tbe Lock-up. He was this morning The cour-e of the stock market during the past PKO\ ISIO>\S —Pork—The market was heavy, but in fair in tlit Montezuma.—Shubael S fipooner, of NBedford. master: dletown. Conn, Below, otl Swfin Point, ship Peruvian, Ro-ed to the county jail at BalMon.Sherman leaves an interesting family, win aremonth las been a.- follows:— JuneZO. July i July 14.activity, with sales of about 1,400 bbls., including newWm iF Jolinson, of Gerniantown. Pa, 1st mate; Roland MFarn hum; of ^autucket, 2d do; Wilfred <> Holmes, of ^hrewgor vllie, KVJ 3d do and boatsteerer: Jas Worth, of Nantucket, andberts, from Callao Cld steamship 8 RSpaulding, Howes, Bos ten via Norfolk; sebm S MSherman. Burgess, and N J Bray ton, Millikeii, Providence: I. B Cowperthw»lte. Rc«*rs If York.with (bis foul murder, which has produced an intense excitement in the quiet village where it occurred. 'inHock iBlat.d 70>4' Toledo 30% I'anan.a 125 Hudson Hirer.. .. 48fwas in good demand at 6c. a J%c. for Ohio, and at 15c. a18e. for SUte.Ri< E was steady, but quiet.SKITS.—Clover was quiet and sales limited, at 8^':.Rough Has was selling at $1 62%, and bernp at $1 67. Linseed was comparatively quiet; the last tales of linseed of moment made at CalcuttaANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.Fa. itic Mai! :9153^ 67V 86 8J 'iRea<!;ngBELFAST, Julv 19—Arr schrs D K Arey, Dh key. NYork- 1 8 * 19JK 80 >; 21 J{ 2 3 a and beef hams were nominal. Cut meats were firm Augnst Bkie, NV city, John M Blethen*. Somerset. Muss: Wm 29d, (.ml aiine Beul, Flowers, do, 23d, Nathan CUOard, Shnte,•••! x. interest.40'442% 42>i4 8 472 73Jf82 36% 126V£ 1 2 7 ) , 48*; 49>469% 90%.\ marked upward movement has taken place inSCNDAT,Juk 2),1-GO.The! foreign trade of the port, thouglf* active, ia stocks .since our last weekly review. The inquiry at f 1 68 for common to $1 70 for good—the latter per Ste-phen Glover, to arrive; a lot of Bombay, to arrive heretnff.of Caracas, pub!isiiee a letter from not as active a- it waa at thus time last year. Last for State stocks is moderate, and they have uot ad- via London, equivalent to $1 79. late advices from Cal- ShipsSteaniFhips ". iTuy ol the 20th, which says:—'-We are get cutta report freights at $15, and that seed was more easy. B*r*B31 BrigsIll SchoonersKJBOSTON.3 Brigs24 Schooners. 30BALTIMORE. 3 Brigs10 Schooners.18 WiLMI.NCTO.N, B C.— Schooners..16 Total.... CHAALESTOR.3 Brigs& Schooners.. 6SATAKXAH. 1 Brigs4 Schooners-. 1MOBILE.- Brigs10 Schooners..NEW ORLEANS. 6 Brigs35 Schooners .14t Jrigs 296.....117 Wm Mason, Staples (froia Tauaton). Alexandria; Maria Louisa,74',' 75if8 5 * 37*2 1U% 127No. 1 Western lard oil at 96c. a 96c Ibe following are thi» names of the officers and crew who sail.-J BALTIMORE. Ju!j- »7—Arr s*hr Wm CoUyer, R»ynor, Mid-mess at $18 90 a $19 12%, and $14 for prime; thin messami'} He is about sijty years of aje, and has kept Missouri 6*6 S*)i *81 '.„' 82 <» 821,' 8 1 « at $1S 25 a $is 50, $20 a $20 50 for clear mess, and I'eter ]) Almv, of Tiverton, RI, boathUerers: Oliver C Reed, 8M Breri; ship Adltr, Gusutviu. Bremen: bark B<tw Ererett,co ints of the atrocities committed by the anti-govern-ment, of federal paity. Eur example, El Comercia, oflaguaysb. copies the following from the IHaxio ile AHsatol JunejfT:—"A letter from Victoria ol the 24th Myr.—4HSriy cP robbers, calling themselves Federalists, robbed was commuted. When intoxicated; be is quarrelsome Eriesflid gulfed the provisionstore of I.i Mora, on the Rival and violent, and has often throated the lives of others. Michigan Centra . 4 8 49 63 63 571' Foai}h, itkrgor, Me: Aaron A Wiilard, Wotcester. Mass- Thw NYorkroid, btjlf a league from Vi. toria; and the same, or an- Whenlarrested, he said he wished to serve one or two Southern g-uarant. 30» ' 80V 37'.,' 37 89'v and in good request. Paeon was scarce and nominal, Vyers. Philadelphia; Adam How land, Joseph de Bogi, <ie> BOOTHI5AT, July 18—Arr achi-s Fes.enden, H.»p«r, Calaisd into the deepest agony. Vanderworker has also aJuly 21. July2 8 .B in the village abouv thjrty years. Of late he has a great deal, and was intoxicated when the crimeNow York Central. 81 \84 82S3r?$12 5 J for old prime. Beef was unchanged, with Bales of 260 bbls. at $4 50 to 86 for country mess, repacked at $8 50 a $10 50, and extra at $11 a $12 60. Prime messof Ikutmouth, cooper; seamen—John Merrihew, Fairhaveu, Masai: Wna Peterson, Boston; Geo Pierce. Rochester, Mass, Is rael jt taw ell, Tiverton, Rl. Jas Mc'Jresson, CauaJice, NT.Ha.-ding. Boeton; biig Tunes, Phinaev, do; sehr D W Efairidge, Ogi'.eu. Wlmlies.hl\ 41 %others i n the -^ane way and he would be satisfied. There % lard was pletity and less firm, with sales of 4"i0 bbls. and Adais. Jps Antone, David Morse and tinmbo Jonauah, resi- Illinois tcutial... 62% 64«£ 66Jj 71 75u tiercesat13'tc. al3»4c Butterwas infair request at denceunknown.Barks"Ti27th-Arr sehr Benj EngjUah, Blireuj. NYork for NBedford. .New York , .Aug 11. Havre VARIJE— IKIODED riOATlKG LIGHT, NEAll THE VABJfE SHO\L, Sld brig Condova Jones, War ren for Philadelphia; schrs WmBl^TA—DAUEROET .O'D LVSERORT U6HTS Mijnrrnv or MARINE. >2oit- Arrsfhr Cornelia, M^ckie. Elixabethport. Sll schrsNEW UiNDON, Ju'y 26-Arr sloop Odd Fellow, Dyer, Iservant,-TheMarisaV I*Jto-ia*of the 23d instantacknowaverage for the week preceding of $128,427,40);atthisdatelastyeartheloansstoodV,$119,347,412. "n cp to IB; there appeartolietwo ^tTM^-^ e""J^to ThompsonAHunter.1uly1,lat 