 ^.-:however,to Lizzie that Staart cid not ask for her—that was a com-monoannouncewhohedidcalltosee. TheUitlegirl-fK^tSefpagesgeneral anxiety to hear Mr. Beckwith's4lives of'•AiftAtautn world generally knows bnt little. there is a freshness of and a of ex- Now, a word about the Personalmanylaw.South America, Mexico, and California, by L. M. any other significance. As practical measures,In ie64. It wasmade public to the woriu, charged Mrs. Burch with be-door-postCourt-room to be^:JudgeDistrict within which ths arrest has been made,Borch. Heso far wasted tnat she ,$ould meats ihe dld.npoa (ha at*oonU have be*a"'Tsry enthusiastic praise south of Uason and Diz-ques- allege.! fugitive is the fugitiveadvised the of several repealnnintelU-'"'"i^i^namnaennstills w«^udtlwtaU^tiuttewiertriiltrdrhVMi pesR^l^a^ to inea and maid* areWoetmg poor UA»l and thsMoadn LtteCI^,eBtk*:or8iBBrtiliBti IMroredthatBIw^fJlflTlllrrt stjIiTiniInflriinirrirtinnThus, of thegatheredtrils have never even scented the spice-groves of party, and not otherwise and the ordinaryFanam and Mrs. Burch boys call,He would ask teeorto contrastWtfoeed. pgood.the evils oftillsber to toe eye. Becould come upon the stand aad iesttiy t>'tke9uSirwaaeoaCraaSameetingofthe wlth^Margaret—shesaidtheaeTeriB§teB*tataaMkL, by receiving atten- Historical Society. It was shown by Mr. Burrill, Mr. snd Margaret said, You did milteRL* WUefcrthe thereafter l>eof to belisvareceptionthe^ .letter' ' aeoavententaieiwnTabof Mrs. Burch'stbe alleged ooofidentlal commnnlc^ioB* to her.whooffrom Valeathie. thatup of the confidential commonlciUons of Mn. Bw3CMebpjnmidiM}. Fiitt«t balky of the btood, corneaa" by prolific TOthor. and pub-AJbMaiim,ofBoeton. The4iue*tioniiblr sound hiprinciple,and ate of theersor's or saggettionsProoebly at the regular annual sessloa his views will l>e f nlertained and acted nptm.oaly part'3^'?^be of a ner- looks on the lovers through the elm boughs,its borders. If the of that State peoplethe and route.sympathy. W^'fWUUOtidlA lut%^em been unfolded in thesurrender of theslave,lot himmsster tho full valueThe law should leave it op-"lies with Mrs. Buich—the firsttheyBathiag *g<^_x>_«r'eveniag Barllngtoa.natatberCourt ofJusilee, aad sU lathe heas* kan bpMMrrsrjectpreposterous pictures disposedMr. Beekwiib prooeeded to show hoi^jl^'BOtlii» pbia UMi simple truth.Such amendments would make the law effective at the North, by knocking away the underpinningtion—ttiat Stuait was not at ttie house ol Mr. Burchwhatit* 'vantgills, Indepeodeat of Stuart's tesUmony. True."Lobof is Butwliaessaare not hee Mi*.< -which would guarantee tSllf^t uqrthing stupid coming from his pan.her right in a property worth tl60,000. Wnat friend Tremont and was sick for ten thereafter. House, daysoft|[^BlkarA; aitdes of books for youthful readers, Formalitnofpreying upon the vitals of the Republic becausetks convic- ^Tprorwouldh»Te the author haveHermotheroaljkilledacow,pr witched a chum or dairy-pan. Butshe,forsooth,mustcharmamaa "oughtway the SlaveeorrenUy reported peuter, Mr. Massey, Mr. Hamlin and other wUneeses stialglit as to Ills ao- swrsr that on that evening of Dec M Stuart was at ths Treaionl Bouse, it seen* that Staart was sot ia Davis, Missouri, sooeeasor to Dr the house at alL How was It that this falsehood wasjiM|i'|i|uiil|lUtobe out nearlad; ""' ''oaztfeltprefer be surrendered.Monday yeateiday, two, snowIf this valley, not very deep, however, nor stsvlnxIhayoungest and best loved yl^lAiAMAdta so eonvulslTely that itsThe scene vpem at the Soatli, and the plot '%i afceWered togetlier with tin iron Mn*^. In the initial charter we are r'pbotei'aiHl an orerse^r, who only Bataaie—to ao abased wife andAmendment, Firstrested pursuant to section 6, of Act of 1850, shallBOH and BiNj. Puiup, granted a new trial.thoughfoundgulltr, have beenTuesday.mAwill suggest'Theeed no other"MooBl. in one of his finest ballads, affectionatelybeStates Circuit or District Courts for the Circuit orotidllMMMtWio. tlM jnoet unimaginatire mhid, andpractice. It was usual lor a genttemaa calls for trlmmlugs, and the servant supposed ttiatA nda- Mt^lill^'Mlitvw, will lose some very rare speci-Interesting,record of facts and of personal experiences n*t questionslyhertellBurch tressured up h v to «a>«aiM:||&»,tiaUile of leading the book.— from travelers and the crude speculationa of some ambitious author whose nos-aanumber ef ladles being among the audleace—'perpetuity whichargument tiegan,Mr. Beckw ith commenced by saying there was noso much as that of de- pleasurewith the visiu of the boys. It was said that Mrs.;mi%ySa «pectrel light—Fourth If cause decidedBurch while Stuartwept bitterly was attempting toIglimpsesrulesingeredyoung ladyengaged— commoa thing could be spokea of by the lady with the BMt:beperfect Ireedrmwhile, when tae poor aertant-girl wasadced what Mr' Burch told htr, the hung dew* her heal aad wm abashed, and said slie did not like to sar.we have—of evidence applicable to civil causes shallgrapery, and much was made of iier send- toat sue was that was aservant and lUs girloffottaae. Every-dition, chronicling the adventures of the family froot^lkeBaltictoVesuvius. BhxlsonkCo.,pub- l~ifdiTh*OeJdandStories,byGioroxB.Tatlos, seriesof'[ ^.hegfffit•(thesame 'categorytheofreaders. ToofFeteb Bathe,by a most entertainingand in- claim.stale of will listen to present excitement, anybe advised a separationSpauldingwork,crime,library playing checkers trand discrimination in judgment. He writes withevidence against her ; the was to be stricken dotm by which she gave upon the staiid ; wlien she said the very man who should protect her. Yet all the that there was nothing m toe whole transactions friends of the lady were willing to agree to a separa- which she wltoesscd to excite her suspicion. tion— that the honor and of thisIt was peculiar that when Miss Fannie Bnreh gavetoe account of ihe of Mrs. Burch nieettogI everywhere gentiUty.the proper wayrocking.land of song"broughtfoithwith before \.\vaof theUnitedTHE BDRCB DirOKCB CASE.Sanmlag Up af Mr. Berkwlth for the Defence.From Speolalpur Oorrespondsnt.NAPESvuut, III., Wednesday, Dec 5, 1880. FIFTEENTH DAY—Arrissoos Ssssioa.Ihe0til/ifaif trniyet in the course ofparties. —manner Tthat Sta sit was ittefewltea theBi^TOTSwhich such a cod-ntolUe library ;thtagi jiiBlshiyihasjaBlJIii'"Tliethe xenith over the vast and sleep-gibboushungnot a eaaa tobuMh herebeek-in the t%ftntastic brood of dreams." Ifthetake liberties, and yet, toough toe servant was in thedining-room, and anybody could itave entered by three doorsandthebackwindows,asltheparlordoorwas arrivalto thefirstto Dian and apostrophisingthat h« appeared to defend notonlyan innocent wo-partly open, nobodyeven heard of her "thing-giveeibdee at the Pale Queen of Night, everbe into the hands of the Clerk of the C. or D. Court,weepingthe solemn assurance of Stuart ttiat lie did not at toat" dtm fingire tlua man who styles iier a lob^'iittf aie a more forgiving race than isher relatives.He did not that this tiad say ladyi Irtiuth. When,er Ifae writer defeats his own purpose,confession as the>was aitonishad.that ajofum iadraMdeuly on a serioussubject,occasion of Stuart's maUng advances to her whichand manifoldI ^^any enoughrepelled- it was she did to the mer she dhL ShefM^JOaoUegraphi/ of Jane Fairfield, isSuch amendments She asked that this foulThua he bad uken up every date in thejaMiNA' 'of Boston. r never lived a woman the story ofofWiin this knowledge ol the falsity of^ ""Baiu ftlour hours.Geatiaaattea af BIr»BeclrfrUh>*far the Defeaee. .1,.^-light,"notice of theproceedingsHe would call attention to her ownAnother date was mentioned In toeof ^Jftnithfally told, would not constitute buses and fireandprompt paymentwUMfft^eel^ waa doomed to encounter a varietying how the hand of Mrs. Burch was obtained, was ret O'Jlara calls toe suspicious evidence,—he had noFrea Oar Spaeial Oeneepeoileat. IfAPBBVuu, m., Tfannday, Dec 6, ISMlSIXTEENTH DAY—JloiaiBe Saeiua.I ;and wajiave the record in thewith their stale suggestions aboutinit Ileal at tae party of Mrs. Brown's, toat she meatlsoad «fc«*—the vulgarity of eating fish with a knife,to fold a*' oftheNewsofLincoln'sElection— provicedonly integrityHe asked their attention tousthe inutiUty efeating soup with a fork, how a ahouid conihict himself when in love, during court-tiiebythe Saints than on the Gentiles, for themajorityof thetarily ?How didfreelyit happen that the one made la the lor, and thegirldoors were closed toout theagainstplainant, give me the pound of flesh.'';kahigpoem.thingsareThe American Theological Review, pub-mm after marriage, and a host o. other senselessof masters. The EnglishIt had been of that certain complainedwhen toe fact wasahip, sogieelklBBfGeeat Sill Laki Citt,Friday,Nov.I860.stand she ^ays s he did not see his lips touch herlips,ft would be no more than a just retri- were each edition tied around its author's neek^andtlte linked nuisances bundled togetherif so, we are anxious to see what he will do in Ids malurcr years.16,The main part of the case was made his face touch her face, or their faces together ? Who tesy to escort tae tedy home as to esoart her to the complainant'sbotica,hisprecation of Divine vengeance. To his mind that was closed—when, as she said on the stand, tlie door by side, tills ciruumstaiice was brought up as aaIn four da>s. three hours and fifty minutes. He would Imprecation was hideous, and to his mind no fair men wasnot closed? Who made her inike these stete- evidence of guilt, and toe toierence was attempted t* probably reach Carson In three more days. The could read it without the conviction tliat It was Impi- ments and tell her if she '' would stick to it she should be adduced u.at they ruue home to Staait's carriage.never want ?" The morning ihat .Mrs. Pitney called, Miss Fannie Biirch would cive toem to underinto the sea. FromtheveryrespectablepressofChakies theous. The other paper. It was said, was written afier-ftewat^"li\tiAlota in these days of darkness and dis-discournng of Lavona, whom some one" Told how Cupid, Instead of to theoar Dtet fda tw ;^' But *• O* years matured that lovely form, I<aToBa^ hewt grew large, and lier blood grew warm."able and interesting essays from pens of which many are already known to fame. In connec- tion with the magazine is an advertiser which should prove a valuable medium to publishers.Seteb & Francis, of Cambridge, publish theand it may be t>etter, tlian " out of the frying-pan Into Burch have fixed the day if she were making a full Farnam when she heard htm ? But the girl testifies and tells about Mrs. Burch hastily throwing dswn • the ire." And perhaps they remember the homely and free confession ? There seemed to be a curious that toe first question Mrs. Burch asked when the girl paper as her husband reentered the room. Mo hu-of the Know- came in was * Who was at the door ?" lu an mind could give credence to such a stateaenCit iliat tae sister was tonsmay ding, how could this Christian man have writ- occurred on toe night of Dec. 23. There was the brotaer playtag cards while tae brotiier was dying T Carolina jerks herself off at a tangent over ten that letter to ids wife's brother—that he card—thewitness could not tellwhenorwhereshe Andtoequestion wasasked Mr.Stuart. Toecoua- the election of " Honest Aai," Utah will was away East at that time—when from his found It. I'hey were asked to suppose toat toe card sel complained of Stuart's manner. WoaUit aot bevnkla that we are treated to sopartbe written down for certain that if South ing that he was at home at Mrs. Mather's wed- It was attempted to be shown that something wrong Was trvea feast as this mixer of dactyls and anapests affords us. Place this tit-bit of flesh and blood description be- tween your teeth, good reader. The author isOft slants bu arrow to a wanner "IWl^SKls, Iww she must have dodged aroundHarvardheld on the 19th of July last.-College,Mrs. Peck recollects distinctly that Mrs. contiary was shown, and Mrs. Burch's conduct to re- sneertog comment and ilbald jest, that Staart wa* ber of the Wahsatch Mountains, If he can well get Burch was at Mrs. Mather's house that morning, and lation to toe visit of Mr. Farnam was explatoed by overcome wito the feeUngt of a man. XrerThoa**t staid until the town clo.;k struck at noon, then went her subsequent apology to Mr. Farnam. man would feel taat it was utterly Impossible thatwrowsoatrociouslyleveled. Seem-aelf after the most approved fashion.perfect ease, by amendments which will render it perfect- lysatisfactorytothepublicsentimentoftheSouth and perfectly satis&ctory to the public sentiment of the North. This is a bold assertion but it is;It just and right hb was there but once. Yet toe counsel had read the make such a under such circumstaaces was chargeThe opera- •5B?'^^*^?f°^^ U»e "l**?" to his heart,of the time of the annualtovexed question oftion Ja tlwu describedchauglngmeetingthe timewas laid Mrs. Burch's ofiMpeekedthrown about him when he en. clandestine manner—when the fact was, toat she told was ta the manner charged, was It net ttHlar guilty:It out before he fell theoftheextrasession wishedthe ;everyepithetthattheEnglishlanguagecould afford ?upongoingout —thelibrarytoe ofthis lady's knowledge historyualUtrfiitb* man smart, tosuch dispUy agility— Our ever Chat of encooraging genioa." the Slave law. But I do that if folks ; expadMed upon ttie adjustment of tlie Indian tion and manners were condemned. He would not house. He could not say whether she got it from that that we leam from her is to rsgud to toe meetiBg tm. Fugitive say they land title; recommended, when the land was open for compare Mr. Stoart to the gentleman, but was th^s Irish grammar. [Laughter.] But as to what she did Jan. 3. She was gone to Burlington, ud she kaowaTtCKHOB<kFIU.DSpublishaneatlittle vol-whenher ownvided a were commissioned to receive were Judge Wilton, Dr. Brainard, Judge Morris, Mr. point of deata. That was toe time that she was make out toe two hours' toterview. Such was Impeacefulacting aad theIs no ptabability that it would be received with First—IheprovUionfor a/airtrial of th"eterles of if these men were unwor- gun-wadpoker,; sUii,fromaUthese she aev*r dreamed of aayMonday,i.^en's line. Of allPoetry and principle with iiim go hand in;was it toat^ jA^ stream. The present selection contains, —llfcijIlthCT ballads, "The Witch's Daughter"—eT tolsTOoag lady into society ; isttef aaA hsfgfiodUtt'us, a special favorite. The poem OpeMmaBi Bj^eaaant picture of a husking party7 ^^MdfflWhwr came voung men and maids, '^MpettLB moon tliat, large and low,paymest of a fuU pecunia-;said that humanity and policy required that the Peniten-tea that the northern part of the Territory was Infested mained until time to go tlie theatre ; went to the thea- Why, if she was de^gatag to conceal this aside fiogi tba osntaslan*, and he vrould bybandsofoattle-thleves,buthopedtheDistrict trewithMr.andMrs.J>ougias,andsUVedinthethea- matter,didshenotbringuesethingstobe- tentiontoskatHt.Borchhimselftoougbt nat- Courts would soon take cognizance of them. tre until half-past 11 o'clock, and was seen in the fore that timet They ware alked tJ suspect ter. Bearrllee WU tbe servants did ik4 _alHVKIkvjnthry compensatton to the in master,certain cases, asCd^ewteteveoflongago." Anong~dia:'.'«^|HarwUch'sdangSMK" •;•;>, ;meetingthesethreepoints, in the Free States as easily as any other law.it possible that tola womu of the wont Motives and tliatupon suspi- tUng «TbagofMrs.Burchupto tlietiaA^"Bloce curiooa MmVttlfJtflJtit^ to see.In order to render constitutional anproviding for compensation as a substitute for sur-andKiNSST to the Third. The times fixed for holdmgDid he down guilty.Ttaa «easona'»Bfe8>id"iBBil fbelr round,K.t Cbosbt to the Second,Courts for the First at Provogotea minutes to go down andHer mother anIa touches offifteen mlouies—oottawa where It plaee for each thing*kt.tt».-iniartW9i*^MI« of Cariyle Medina tkataf atiM^ By Uia tta ooiBi»lBlaa»t itgiiiHkmooncold,bluein favorshall ascertam and assess the value ofin lifefending the innocent. It was wito peculiar pleasureof theecIipMofvMBy children of genius with whom and we are to know very gladmouthfuls.rough shape maylead ed Mr.uiM»«led by a cdttage on one side and a eei<|l'>»>feon Sid* and Seek,-<(boee who seek for a really good novel,foztheiuntilthisonelieread. Wilub f toaae of the beat, ae well as most succcss- <M ^^ANiiitl, Mid haa never, to our knowledge,defective andmischievous Fugitive Slavetends toat he is toe friend of Mrs. up-staiisperuseIfrs. Fais- miMtBMsatiTewithpeculiarinterest.ItImportantcircumstance to his ;fae^iliMlwiiS«itheotber„willDtcx it FiTzaiKAU) pa1)Iish inJames Egbebt prints Sketches of Travels inTheyMr. Beckwito proceeded wita toe eonaidlisattaa of Fannie Burch's tesUmoay, The first ttme sha saw apoa Ike aMti^lMOh,upttiraughtoe walls.[Lauchtsr.]»byWilkik Col-ofher toe arrival,miloaa^aitecriticism on details.should be full ; not partial, as the TmiS sug- the power of the Governor t> call an extra seadoatheof the Esdt BaidsB iaterpoaes, and greatest Importance. Permit,a littleon. Other ton tlMxe lathat his views ware sppeattohavB beei some doobueffect oo the yoanger raem-be rilsaatroiu in the ez- favorite at firesidesbea letslave, them do so.pottingMonday bybothser-^f^tabdy>Winid be driven from their welet me the amendments which seemconviction for pedt larceny.w saysa» there on Tuesdsy.but she Siys that Mra Bnreh toldher it was the that Mr. Borch seat Uonorla morningop stairs to Lizzte. Toat was Monday momiag, so.Btoprocuring "tusfteiees ertdeaq*" aadillllwil** aMrtaite of time, and periodwife andMsstingthehapple^s*^^fmamrngmsiffgifEsniilfmimfW^. L,L,^ ^il.. ...til^^NaHgork jlnttfl, 9.\ •mend «: O««stitntion thaa tla«troy v-'BepaMic. UkeaarailethraogktMii. Thttil, w%tn a* yOng ^he views of the Tikis upon this point are un-futnkit it«pi TMs was Ihe ody IMaawdMS aSeSlr' Ike <ier-^^givercommand* respect for hi* guestkowev^r, Compensation, wlien made,Saiy. . at hoMe with _^-, s/tigof storiesmaythe trial—if taken with due notice to adverseap-Mrs. Burch. After the buxz of conversation had sal>- (ided, a tardy jtuot arrived, and comparative quiether,was the Inwordoccurrence in city life. She did not wish to be both-feaat,hi*ooesslonof StouVB crlSaal into^^Sa^ Mrs.t*lhia<ti(tBhdicsoafesaioa to be Deo. date was wriltea krInto this swora cenfcMton.The third time mentioned in the confesslea was—«OD« dare withstand hUn to Us faoe,'..the slave, because in thatwould be compelled indbectly to contribute. The couats.coming prettyButoneslymadenspokeaside' ! The UtUe witch Is erU-ey*il:FairThe Federal GovernmentBgicb,24, 1857.her at her bosbind's dtctaOoa.Bad l>y h*netf ia herThe sequel of the story is pleasantly told, when burden should fall tedeoehcTolume Esek takes Habel(o wife, and the harvest moon is unwilling to surrender the slavewhich CoL BzsjAmn ofwithin FosBBT.arrlvMi from the East lut SuBdav, aocom-"On Bsek^ shsggy strength it fell ;storms fed laattempted to take liber-of the tlau The taorn-Mee*tr of their mistiessOn Mabel's curls of golden hair,_ _an told lsties* -ins- eoBf«***i1, aaa not noly that, but that ooafs*sioM do aot a* Car la atbfrleadsKr (WpaJpWW" This neat little seleetionaf Whittiib willto the paylong.The foUu hi Weber County have beeatfcleves of late. throughthat Mr. Buroh wasing of Stii art's visit was fixed fortheir mAad the wfaid whiqieied,'It U well.'they preferofthegonetohiB toatmistake.The Songs of Ireland,In connexion with thesebeen also convicted oftaken care of for two and a half years ia Uie Peoitea-greatlysuggestions,grand iareeay, and are to beitOtSS^wSs ItSamokl chalk out woal4 rattle about their LOTXB, and published by Dice A FlTzaBBALD, necessary.who never think of forming any at all, it is proba- theimpossi- ble that a work published by Sobldoh & Co. willbegin the disease which is nowactlBg aader eosae infiaqH*. el the lady was allowed to sit down with her and ad- W here were the six visits of Stuart, on six successive What was ber accooat, glvea, it was claimed, af itarand claims parentage at the hands of Bev. Rat Falvkb, D. D. If the book does not soon run through a dozen Mmrtft, written by D. C. Eddt, receives an ad- editions, it will not be because the majority of peo-clave of lawyers rthis matter would be knownwhen hemUikMamKW F. Oratis, of Boston, is iBC«tader the generic title of the Percy Family inthat whileMr.ttiat she cooid have^Wld hersion of thisdsyresponslbiUtystructive to whom Scotland writer,for it. plan preservingheart, part."inaugurationand at the Festival of theRail-splitter will not be forward to severely handle Burch on that ? True, the testimony was In coa- Honest moUves were presumed to until the pired at toat time. And yel it was made a matter of day prevailpublish-Settle thatto satisfy the conservative men of the North and of the South, and the chief danger which now threatens us would disappear.I have little /aith that the Union can be pre-;histories, present battle of Lexicons, should have been ended by the death of one of the deed, to ike publisher for the label which tells us parties ; yet in the present edition the survivor, with what^ la, otiierwise we had been at a loss to de- rather questionable taste, fires a parting volleytellingevery-SOBumx comes a book labeled Lavona, a Poem ,precededthe—contjjidict each other both made and voIuq- closed because the wassays toat "she (Mrs.to nurse Jo." Who old naveWas it justifiable to utter this falsehood whea Burch hi^i^eli bioicht Stuart to tiie house? Was it right, was1thoue.-t, was it human tor Mr. Burea to make his own act a cause for accusing his wife t It was w^il enough to have some one to assist the young m&n to toat trymg hour—but was it hoaest toStuait and himsay las^wMe^ought taere, kept taere,and geia memtier of his family to swear to toe same thing ? From tae time Siuart entered the house, allhope of toe recovery of Jose-ph was lost ; was it pos- sible for the witness to eiluljit a greater mallgalty of feeUdg, or depravity of heart than that to Uw aceasa- tlon that lloi ace Turner was out playing cards .aad gambltagwldlehisbioiherwasdying. AndtiiisglH, knowtog toat he was bufie tog the stonn to get ate mother itiere to see his brother dte, comes upon thestand and accuses him of cards. Would tae playingHCOH F. McDiBMOTT. We are grateful, in- tatBUBB. Certainly we would never dream of itsAs goodtile. ,^ Ibere ia a tender fatuity about the whole McNBOE&Co, of Boston, has a acquired recog-peifopnaiice charming in the extreme. Hear the nized and permanent position as one of the ablestsweeping keeptoe frontBur -presieditated fashion in which this murderer dis-courses of his crime " In this I have inten- : poemMr. Burch, writing as he says, from the confession would like to have his sister adjudged guilty of hav- Involving stupendous results. As to the Mormons, of Mrs. Burch, say Ej that while he was gone East to see ing committed this crime when a servant was withto they of course have a grudge against the Democratic about the lailure of Oliver Lee's Bank, on Oct. 14, ten feet, and could enter the room at any moment ? lb57, Mrs. Burrh was guilty of the first criminal aot. The accused was always entitled to the benefit of the But it was admitted by Mr. Burch tliat he was home smallest ooubu 1'he door was not locked, and was itoftionally <ieviated from the common coarse of oted. The November number contains some tm-rhytlmL Mygovernment tyl*andanapestsareallmixedtogether. Astheusuallyablearticles.The University Quarterly, published in thisa manifestation of Divine retribution, that of the alleged commUsion of the first act of crimioallty.has been own. Dac- mythought came to me I clothed it in Us own raiment,withjpi^ patching or looking for dress that would City, and conducted by an association ot collegiatewas written in a different ink—Who told her jury bedeve it? She says that taat same evetdar,to iWiliU IfciflB|}t> «)» aaeapee (he threatened infliction, since The Fngltlve SlaTe Ijaw and the Personalthrough without. However this may be, some of the borne iodine with her husband, and returned in the Stuart, according to the testimony, had never seen such a taing shoula iransphe at such a tmie. Democrats ought to be. If they are not, quaking at afternoon. The other persons who did not recollect the baby from Its Dlrto to May, 1858, to September, Again, it was said Mr. Staart called <nae Wedaee- the spectacle of the election of an " honest" Republi- that Mrs. Burch was there in the morning were all 1659. He must have lieeu a gay fellow. Wno put It day after Joseph Turner died. Fannie would have it can President. Over at Camp Floyd, I understand members of the Burch family. The positive recollec- into Margaret's mtod to say that the curtams were appear toat he went up clandestinely wIta Mrs.Ati enlargement of the heart is much less dan- out an efficient Fugitive Slave law.geroua than an enlargement of the liver, and Lavona IJhe present law is palpably and grossly defec-lives and thrives her heart grows larger and her tive. Therefore, in its present it will never ; — shape,Agreeable to the Governor's proclamation, the Ter- Where was Mr. Staart on that day ? Here he would came on the stand toat toe curtains were not down— ing the deato of her sister's child acd ;smart,"reputeUon"Tommykaa read It, and now feels confident of findmg a pub- would listen and deliberate, a plan of amendmentto tie condemned because Mr. Stuart's coat was bear Mis. Burch "lam don't was but what she was told of that.lisher for Ilia poem:Tht Sorrows of an OJict Boy.meettagsthis subject, and also in relation to the permanent es- he was a frequenter of billiard saloons. It was said ers ? And yet the exiunsel would have toe jury beheve ki:ows, la the occasion when Mr. Neef waa tiara.Iteloeee OntMOtl'k,thnsveryMake-this law satisfactory, Liberty laws will vanish.This law will be:of someof water and timber requested legislation. If needed, tion was there for the charge against Burrill? They were asked to believe that, at a time whea toat of Mr. Neef. She would have It supposed toat" There I eqiiad that cruel she, A firing sassengers for he."tablishmentSTSteaatheduring comingWinter, or tional with them to choose either course of action.— when ar- Alleged fugitive,fioed $vo each on Laisb and Clasx haveMiss Fannie Burch Mrs. Biucktold her Stuartth«m to put thUj*bywill undoubtedly find a ready market. It is a com-pilationhave ever emanated from theIn Life and Religion of the Hindoos, pub- lished by Cbosbt, Nichols, Lib & Co., of Boston, wehareaverymterestiagbookindeed,writtenby JootiTH Cbitbdu Gahgoolt, himself a Hindoo by birth.Uary. U»aT Watxiks and charged with thelt h: DsvU County.of some of the sweetest melodies whichthat slie went to bed and fact was that both.. ,hischristens country. Manygrate-Was go Stuart there the nextofght?1U 'ful to LovzBsecondarily, for this awakening of Tara's Harp.thereuponit shall l>e thedutyof sueh JudgeatTheBoydstookleawimMrs.Borcn,aadSiuartwas hadrememberedtheo"primarily,partyBoyd's.wasthat, ftoa Ff^naiy>l4 of toe clock, and tells 1As illustrative of theap-been the restored,rious to leam from our author that th* story in regard to Hindoo devotees throwing them- selves under the wheels of the car of Juggernaut,ofclsunant, dutyaffordingHow'*find ready sale. It is entitled Hmts on thedoingdaysticular Ume27, bywas when he was so excitedsays, writtag ftwn MiKlays •Mlh«T beok of S^gaeUe, com- Petbb Bathb ia autfaer^f Tkt ChristianStaart walked home vrlthher. That —9, Wru-vt^ Kke all - Life, adapted, ~Su>.uit and Intlitiduat, a work which wasthe terms ofNo fair man, North or South, after consideitng the subject, will dispute the fairness of the terms.to tiie latito^ a^&e nursery, received on itstue rUmSff It imnng bo<As pub-for cliildren's use.iiM done with these sUly books, which boreScotch shrewdness, and English force, yet evinces napkin warning the local prejudices of neither nation. This maybe attributable to the fact that he studied theologyin Scotlandauthor, in his preface, apologizes for some of his essays on the ground that they were written in— ;jWaaTher ; Bet, as Mr. Praya was requested aot to;to her mistress wnlch she relt say things againstearly lifeOn Sunday the Pony arrived from Fort Kearney up 01 conlesslons. The first commenced with an im- told her to say In her deposition that tlie library door dUiner table. And yet,4n her husband's presence, a^Europe,room taat some iuumacy nil^ht he obtatoed betweea;taeywas of two duration, blood grows warmer. Lavona is married ^proves be efficient. But it can be made efficient in a new days'naughty, and her husband makes a of liim- It can be made efficient with ghost shape.beingIn joint session. His Excellency recommended thecle of evidence agaluEttilm? Wasto brand Mr. Stuart as a villain and scoiudrel, and deposition without noticing toe correction. Stress harder taan stone. Agate, it seemed that tais closedcan besale, that claims be restricted to lots not exceeding ladynot cut by gentleman's tailor,maimers nottheresay, tired, ob anytlitof remarkable toat Mrs. Burchplay;" should check-nothingof theand on New-Year'stoe day.ipA day New-feaiXmuchafterthemannerofUr.Uc- factorytotheSouthand totheNorth. satisfactorytwenty acres, and that Congress be memorialized on to thesuited gentleman'sfastidiousness, or becausehavesaid toat, if Mr. Stuart a^kedhertoTheonlytime of whiehekeof Religious Opinions,Piuynthatthe Stuart m toesaysand told Stuart that if hedo not need the vouchsafed them. Iielpplein andEssays Biography Criticism,to Sept. 1857, could enumerate, but26, ItGould&Lincoln the first and publish secondy—this went ladyHe hadSpaulding, upfour or five visits of Stuart when the gardener, Charles,possiblestory ? that she wasboabaad Ital to tbe coaada- fsctwa*siie wastoIkewith great favor. The essays in the volumes Shall we before us are marked by clearness of expressionttie papers to Mrs. Buroa aad Iter trtends, lie de-uponand Staart meeting her on toatphilosophyall left toeBurch's house, a block distant, atIt was as much an act of eoor- justeditedroughlyhearts Will beand Dice A FitzgibaldAre_lhade~theSo far from its beingceeding days, for the owner of Slave.paidin tiiis republication country-nowclined to havePaznaa^ walked hc^aJame.s Challen <&lish a third edition of Wilson's New History ofConquest ofwhichher husbandwith;Mrs.over the grave of Psescoti.ofMexico. ThewarofSon,Philadelphia, pub-devised which would render the law satis-the tilsbeforetion whether theslave of the claimant or not.riage;glblemended the securing of suitable rooms for the Stuart's whereabouts on this day, when it was toere once from February, 1858, to Oct. 11, 18S9 T that Mr*. Bnich had eoBftWdfhe has^morality and melody flow from his lips in a tribunal-nol a petty Commiasoner on the onedid not see him Burch on toat.&talpoets,sungfor the fire-that theyareunworthyof belief?Well,as towhyHonors,toecook,TAird-Provision forkalf-pastthe Fair-ground, and was with him until Staart went toe otoer witoes*. She mw S'oart there toe time ttiatInftmy. Bnt he would not go toto toe trivialan equivalent and svbslUute for the tion of his slave.grounds,andthoughtthey ought to berepealed;untilWith amendmentscame Mable Hartin, the the present Fugitive SUive law could be enforcedthepathos the whole poem ia iaim!- of the Constitution would be necessary. BetterTeiiltorial are, District,allowing(hoaldCr. TheaeitameBUBdedtowas on the New-Te*t^d»gallowitrae."renderof theslave.aslightpreliminaryamendmentUntitled DocumentSecondsnd be to prepared—"~-''— asto be dis-imaginationventures death translation to a land of flowers, and to pay the amount within the limited time, the slave wronged Injuredon theL fheni a very prudent hand must guide achieve thisEuswoKiB,spokeno., Ja. Sasaadac Vyropeoccur are precisely similar to those which some- times occur in our crowded streets. Indeed it isheavencrowd rushes forward and strives to give at least^as at home all that evening. No two men to toeflowerythree pulls to the rope. The accidents which of 1860.not aryimprobable will tell histhat somepeoplefuture Hindoo Mission-oppositionto it.stain should not be put uponeveryto act hoped sod believed, up to the time of theShe saw but actoallyUttle, her testtmoay wa* iMlathemselves under the wheels obstacles now in hisof omni- way,told the whole truth in complaining of vile aspersionscottiradicted.throwingTOhuae. Krs. F.aiRFiiLD, as the it. Every oae remembers the pictures in primary slave's full value.securingengines,and that ourreligion enjoinsdeliveryof liis slave, oramount to vantage of having to travel over a ground of which misrepresentedhave beensome of them ailSCHAFraB. The author labors under the disad- theynothing. They nevertheless,grossly —tosleep,nothing new can really be said rather readable book.;—all to be repealed, if the repeal of them would dohad said what he asXed him about, and that he liedwhen he said and that the it, perhapspairsmassive doors, and when asked al>out it he says.As there are a very great many people inany good;chargedIt fur- unpacked. appearedleast practical value.wifiMi MryiblDf bad or unworthy of his first repn- their religions opinions, aa well as a great many But the repeal of these laws, without reorgani-ciandefcUnely.ther that the clock, and those indecent figures, arrivedaayeaa-tsMo^ ttnia is a criapness about the very namezation of the Fugitive Slave law, would notthe world who experience great difficulty in formingO'Hara, " scared and frightened," she was made to timet On that very morntog Dr. McVickar was sioB? IfshegaveadiAtertedBpeeaatttwoaUtoCtftosign a oaper confessing judgment, and to give away called to attend Stuart, who was sick to his bed at tlie show that she was;but he makes avery objectionable.They oughtfellow would admit It, as he had other lying In this case.the sound comesBut Ann, the giil, says that Stuart was not there atgests.playall around.ItEiIndUnAgentFoEaiTaadCapUResa secondallegedvoluntaryeoBteaaioa. ButCol.Car-heroothealert faafiaevereeea ting ;aayihiM «>entirely upon the Btste caughtpuiled by Mr. Edwasjis, sixty days on thepotOctober Staart U, IBM. whenandto hear and determine the issue or issues presentedtheSecond Proceedings shall be as summary as theevening.bynature of the case willthat such delays shall be allowed as justice maywe inasmuch as it is a require— and the decision of such Jiidge upon aay,allsommlngupdefence, afternoon,It brought bo Ma«h taIndia.anything once stated acquires, it is cu- plicable to such cause.in the case shall beunusually largeStuart and Burch Mrs.were in the parlor-she did not—Third Depositionsuponconclusive.be used by either partylook lorparently an Indication of public sympathy with mcmtnts alter, tiietrimmings up stairs. A fewmodesty noac it oiiSto sweet laaocent gir^ elehtsea.—permit provided,was made of ber word sending•'-V^l' Botchthethe slave, and shall limit a reasonable time, not ex-Improbable was toe*- to ChicagoJudgeBarch dUperhaps allarefor not one of them now possesses thewithin which itmayhas no foundation in truth.inculcated by the Hindoo religion, Mr. JooothCnuNOEB Ganqoolt tells us that the loss of livesunder the car have arisen from carelessness insteadof superstition. It is believed that he who pulls ernor of the State within which the arrest was statement on oath. After, recapitulating [the inter-ashamed that wita brazen face Badlady should repeat a statement wUch had provaalebe false. It was remarkable (hat oa toeto reach the seatit would not begin to settle the Fugitive Slavequestion.questioncauglit bat Mar- garet says Charles did not go into toe library at all——served at all South,1ihodayaway. adjusteduponcoaiproinisaherein-nfin^ted. .pfocnriAg ijw jubmlAsCm of the tsdy to tne Cfikrfe to, to toe promises and threats oi Mr. Vurch to tierhave solicitude as u w hetlier Mr. Susaaoffended. She toe matter to Mr. explatoedlittle faith that thein hered that the matter could betrial had;that would nut virtue. impeach-herwithout a uponanycame fifteen times ?remember as well as the man of allBut there can be no doubt that the North is ready frankly to meet the Southparloruntied to Mr. Praya t Tli^ were fortts purpose of Cl'Hara, to the manr.er In which she had been talked was a very natural occurrence toat they Aotdd•AFFAIRS IN UTAH.anythingto oo withIt.Not underanybefore herGod,were untrue. Wasit fair to readReceptionAuembilngof the IjegislatBre—The dior- crnor'a message, &:c.Margaret'sStuart's was at carriageWhy did she coa-Corre.ipondcnce n/thf Netc-York Timet.Stuart in the act of kissing Mrs. Burch—when on thetoe same time ?not to pay foriitbaf Margaret, afMr a pneale araralaa tnm Vr"bito their heads a(ierw«£v'r^a'*'»'a"*^Uiaa4, platoas eriteBee," torservsnis by ibe emSuch shall causa Judgewrong— mitted adultery.Could they, in toe face of toeae facts, say that that~'w~h^ite- - st -news brought was that Likcolh's election was safe. waids. If this was laoyBurch, s!aud that Stuart's presence wito Turner JosephuMHit for aasoMwhat mm now-e.days we give the preface -en- lished by Shebwood, of this City, and Moobi, tliqe wiih them, and one long to be remembered, as after Dec. 24, lf-57. hist commit ciime ?religious periodicals of the day. It is manly inthe late " and there must war,"expressionopinion,being big-all the time from the 4th to the 15th, and it was also admitted that Oliver Lee's Bank failed In f^eptember.reasonable to suppose that they committed this crime when the girl was wlttun hearing, about her ordinary work ?The next evening Siuartwas there. Who put itandstudents m the United States and reached in October the second number of— didprofessionaland firm withoutCHASAS for Liscoui, the Democrats for the Republi-toeyanvthlng wrong?" state of mind on the proverb, Famt heart never won," &c, I think itcomplainantthe knotty, gnarled, twisted, stubborn, scrubby tim- Jlict ; yetbe made to conform to the true Floyd stated that the Federal Ordnance Officers ;him as a per- when she was prostrateduntUV o'clock, ~and Mr. Burch arrived at 10. TheFree State. The true theory ;propsr partythem, and the Territory would defray any ex-traordinary expenses by land for their car- whist for ten cents a comer, and indulged in the mys. it was reasonable to believe that this lady was guilty be upon toe testimony of stitotly (mtUhLuHMraalaScc«wi—Provision for such trial before a. proper hand, nor a jury on the other.she wasgress for an appropriation for tlie library recom- been hi the United States Court-room from she went away, to January, ISM. Honora knows the and b^ slater, to Ialactual rendi-being tliere—but why did Mrs. Borch doutes first when Uate were people boto im sSair* aadamendmentHon. Chief JusUce of Mr. Burch that day?there and accomplish his porpoee for the ftr*t tfaa* inWa»aetthe«zptaaafloB or Mr. Stuart the more tea- foBBWatkttlte eoat waawet,^andiheput ttlaiba;Was the fact of his going to a billiard there was death to Mrs. Burch's own house and the etuart and Mrs. BurOh were atone tero hours. But—Who Who held the secret con-own free will tin such a as wayplaceact ofevening crimtaallty,Last weekStates started for the States. Foaaxr isproper la she eeaaat afh** mMwrn tBowwn»M-to be given to the Gov-attached to the car will attain after made. If the Governor (or any other person) shall course with Boyd, she herself sa;s that she bad shown that her husband was at thenever had— do not now have— theycharge when they made It? Wasthat me charge should l>e made without a shadow ofproof to sustain It T He was 4ound fault with forasking that honest man, Charles l,ayton— who admits wouldn't. In his deposltton he undertook to say Stuart at toe house of Mr. Bundi was tliat he was turned away from Mr. hurr's for lying— jutt when be weat and that he could hear toeforconiequently be a spark of pleasure at that party's fallfrom place and power. Nay, it may be considered, It was conceded that Mr, Burch was home on the dayPsityinetitutlngperchance," Pharaoh " be overthrown, after he has hurled hisThepaper showed that the date (I4thof October)Into head to Maiguret'sthat Mrs. Btirch'ssay hairIt shallUBW^lfpsu Pgffmf* attd Poems, by Joh:< Gaua- theon- of a Fugitive Slave law intended to were ready to send Utah's quota of public arms, pro- jured wretch. He was Mr. Stuart's friend, and so brother dead to the house, her tister's child at toe fact was. that toe wltoess had but half an ho«K JkLsav .^WRICK. The name of Whittiib is a be executed in awalooma one to the Northern public, though there of such a law involves, of necessityJoy, and a hundred others. Mr, Masaey and Col. Car- charged wito crimtoal conduct It was not only cruel, manner to which tlie witoen could exaggerate - aM»ive,arta reason fordenouncingandworn out,and absurd acts and resolutionsrecom-thv, why not bring the citizens of Cliicaao to tell usIf Stuart was visiting toe house fiom time to time,proper arrangement of the Utah libraryand HxsiT Watxiks have beenfor the to t)e crowded tillscaused the Court-roomwithbee cheek. She wouldandvise her of the effect of what she was tmade this niatter public ?after Feb. sworn to Charles?One about theMr- Burofa'eonfeadon, that her erioilBal caedoftleakpenterthey playedinhuman.Who wrote to Mr. throughoutpar- he had a conversation withBurch'sgentlemen but he was free to say that he wanted this case to be defended, not by Mr. Stuart or his friends, but the friends of the lady.May,July, Who put It Into her head to say toat she saw all arrived at Mr.house together, andhad liot been In this case employedentertiliiM u*!?I6ST, aad whoa HargaiattoM of «• v_the Joair Laixs, Jr., Pbtse cftAaxLoou Bootb are also Albsbt RroHAao-that all the witeestesMr. Stuart was in the backroomThis election seemed to have a much less effect on thing how did it happen that these two papers direccly and the doors were closed. Of course the doors were was procured by Mrs. Burch. Borch himselfpar- dust. .It latter clais being Democrats of some stripe or other, afiernoon diametrically contradicted the one made lu wasfaiiigular to aiguethatcrime was committed at that the iLorrilng? time lor the first time, when the doors were uafasten- of course It was a serious matter for them. The little The one of the mornUig declared that criminal In- ed, snd the servatti girl could hare entered at any groups of grave talkers dotting the streets on the next tercourse had taken place up to, and after, the 28th moment. Wasitjust to consign a woman to infamy day 01 May, 1858, while the one of the afternoon de- because she sat in a room with a gentleman ? Was It day, Monday, maLlfested that It was quite a solemn clares that DO criminal intercourse had taken place likely that, under such circumstances, a woman wouldand collar were a littlevengeful might after the children of Israel ia the In the confession. How did Mr. Burch fix to stick to it, that she should never want, and should while tids young man was lying on liis deato-tied,left to be filleifai-off wilderness. At all events, in exchanging Bd- the date? He writes to Mrs. Mather to find the never be hurt? Mary .Spaulding aad Farmle Burch Mrs. Burch, agonizing with the fate o{ her brotaer," "disarranged?The word should suit the thought, andaot, •• ii CBnerally the case, the thought try to suit the second volume. Its last number contains very cans, the Saints evidently tfilnk It cannot be worse, make out the confession In blank? Could not Mrs. askcKl why did not Mrs. Burch rush out asd see iir. herded and Stuart. She Invents a story about to* toe,Mtfit it.date of her marriage, and from that puts In the due. Did beget the dote from Mrs. Burch? Why, then,w ere therewas a trick to her husband out of the devisuig getwasof Mrs. Mather he must have known better ? written toback didand remarkabiellhe nof become excited? He had aTlie w*(bctwcea9grape vines,on that..|>^^#', T:^>^^"Is stated ia thshadcoaTer*allaB with Un, Bonk la tte pantry, thBiBijsppeiredagreed that Stuart was not there It was claimed that Mrs. Burch had c^n- fesAed to Fannie Buich tliat she luid promlted Stuartto let him in that nightbolted tiie door. TheMrs. Burch and Staart were at Boyd's party ttiat night, and that Stuart went home with hlTwIfe. I was curious if Stuart was such a vliiaia as to obtain such a piomise from Mrs. Burch—and tliea to thepoison tae Binds of his servaatragafaist his wife t Ha could not express his contend aad iaoignatfea ittbutgotthe^^ the maaaeroftha;wiih BUniii the wholephed that muining that Stuartdid call. He was shownWeil, what baiu- Mrs. Burch was there. MuchttatHn.was to n»h to her aad teU kisr thatshowas to the man, but her innocent children, her aged mother, and the agony of ber soul." And besides all this, thsyhad family-wsy. and David SMaH knew U. He waethat she had notnot grievously wronged heror other time lake liberties with Mrs. Burch. any any(JitrtUpslhewMi^donehusband. But,hewouldsaythatshehadnotcom- partoftoeconfessionwastrue?snd herhusbandone in the shall be discharged, free. Otherwise the slave tentlous from gentlemen other thaa himself, but she Long, Mr. Beck and Mr. Stuart tilmself, taat Stuart tbe truth t Bm let them look at what she _shall be deliver«d to theboretwo young men. These four men recollectedclaimant, pursuantci'y of Chicagoshe would be forgiven. But though it was and ceruioly and gave toe reasons of their recollec- hadprevaricated and thehatrlafcThe Court adjourned after Mr. Beckwllh ha<of NorthernthatChristians have a custom would satisfy the owner of the slave, by removing her. He regretted that the learned counsel had not far as it wasa of the subject; Improbtbilftyon herwas no evidence that ^e had committed adultery.deepest humUitypart, ittoat evening, but that he was home the whoieto him theof the on the complainant. It was oy the motion of the the confession, the Jury could better appreciate themanner in which It was obtained.gentleman that the deposition of Mr. Corning, show- He would u<xt direct his attention to what Marga-May I not seriously invoke the attention of thefanta into the River Ganges, wliile hideous croco- Press, and the attention of lawyers and public men out In the statement he had made. They complained appropriately said suspicious evidence." First, asgeographiesof Hindoo mothersthrowingtheir in-suppressed that deposition would fully bear him doubt she meant suspicious circumstances, but she ; *'I as. Aside from its individual interest, diles with gaping mouths lie upon the surface, of all parties, to these suggestions, in the hope that of Ids statement that Mr. Con had Ingto the msf()ueraae party:all but two or three wereI aatobiography is interesting for the awaitingthe hints here thrown intomaterially aid- Burch. Why did not the gentleman say thatmasked. Stuart knew but one and ttiat was person,The deep interesting. Bioewtth'scomingtkvaMi^ etcMental glimpses it affords of the in- Mr. Gangoolt says that that story is no such thing, to the development of some plan whereby this dan- to that deposition was attached tbe letters of to talk to ? What was he to do ? Was be to fallow up for toe defence, end the geaeial (tmmtmitbi caraer oxule her —Mr. Burch from riun— him in la37 lencing t2O,0OO andto watch r Wasnot somebodyspeech, yesterday. agato crowed thi*acquainted -BpWtliByenBg ladies who &ncy that bliss on$25,000complained that he had readaliout our Hindoo that younglaws. jiresentThey are passionate our protests againstcnminal with Mr. aTlghe— gentleman nearlyIndignation—pressiontian authors would do well to imitate.Chris-ingsixty years of age. Did the gentleman believe thisbabyNow,Mrs. Burch, who also was not masked. Who was he toe example of toe gentleman Thellke, and lean upit. Space forbids an gerous fugitive slave question may be fairly and extended review of the book, but we may remark finally settled ?Mr. Burch suowlngthat twice had Mr. Corning savedtoe of his openingstyle brevityLiberty?Next he came to toe man of all work trtio pre-Mrs. Burch was sunoundedby a bevy effrtends, and, though pale and caiewoin, as asasi, greeted her acquaintances wito a pleasaal smUe.to be toleratedquestion. He knew that the wltoess up important iront door shut, threeI lit w as complained that he unjustlythat this Wnat was thethe time the clock wasly Stuart•«she the 2«th of November whensusceptiblecontradiction,hadbeena tugber repuution toaa these positivelyevening. confession, and siiown that every date, time and circumstance, sothethe bringing forth of such a trivial thing as tills toagainstthe deposition of Mr. Tighe, yet the bill of complaint, prove a wile's tofamy worttiy of toeir contempt and numlier of ladies being about the saaM a*Burch, testimony he has no recoUectiou except ttiat Stuart told him to lift up his end and lieand toe firstwas to relation to the clocksuit was corcnjeocedfsct! While this lady was. In the words of Margaret toere on Feb. 27. Ibil. Where was Stuart at toat stratot to givtog ber ip^-r* afe aeeaaat efIhateeca--Uiey vase ta ftB Farnam called aal mm refiised admittance. This lady was made to say that, servants t While this lady was on her only be blowed off bis steam to ber in the dining- at the moment wtien Mr. Faraam was at toe door, Ae way to her mother's home,- the affair was the room. [Laughter ] How did it happen tliat Miss was engaged to crimtoal condfct wlUi Staart. W*ewhole seeingNorthwest ? any oneWho but histhiskept lady fromhbraryhim to the grapery ue would kick him outveryown minions and public talk of Chicago. The blli was filed in Janua-;himself hop-complainant. will not retract them." What were the papers to be sub- He next callod attention to the testimony of MargaretWuyHut, "no," said who said that Burr "turned him away forpublic termssays Stuartshould Miss notupstairs engaged when tae" 1the complainaijt, have made these ciiarges and 1 lying ;" he was a fit tool for theor The nextto the manner in which her conscience had been wrougntiTilrtfss<day,Lex. ciicumstances was the lady or her friends to see the the deposition witoout giving toe explanation wito her, and tliis was regarded as eviilence ofcrlae.shoula be said she saw laoy " preserved. But, no," the com- timony. The first timedoor.vey the idea toat Mrs. Burch rode home wito Staart«tes- Stuart there was about July], 1857. She hai been In the house stoce ana had never seen Stuart until some time Inof stairs, several throughitoere <m flad I**t right whiaWas there a man of single themseeAs to the evening Mr. Farnam called, the counselheBut this 14th day of October was a Wednesday-the dropped It on the floor, and that the witness found It. wife and children, and he could hardly tebalh freat"NELius CoNWAT Felton, LL.D., as President of account. It may b« here thought that the great 'evecing of the mission meeting. Where was Mrs. I'hiB was asking the Jury to suspect a little too much. tears when he was asaed If anything vrrong kaaa-addresses delivered at theof CoB- Alumni,not Initiate or join In arebellion"on tiisinquiryStuart; tltatbrought ItIilberty Iiaw*. lb the Editor of the Nnv-York Tijnes :There can be no peace and no Union with- there Is considerable swearing over the matter. tion of the one was worth all the " don't remembers" down and toe library dark when Stuart was toere Burch. He did go up to see her sick chid. Mr.of the other. with Mia Buicb? The fact she disclosed when she Burch came up wita a telegraphic dispatch anaounc-\iieae ritorial Legislature assembled In special session on devote a word to the virulent attack on Mr. Stuart. only the shades—by wMch toe room could not be scenes of deata were distorted to present argumsote Monday In the Social Hall, In tUs city. Tba sesalou There were fifteen or twenty of the first citizens of darkened. She did not suspect anything at the time. against toe virtue of tais laoy. It was to be heralded dissolved sa Tues- Chicago testified to the character of Mr. Stuart for Though 1b her depositloji, the wimess said Stuart toat tais lady was seeking her paramour whea her twenty years. Was It fair to assail him as a scoun- was at ttie house twice when Mr. Burch was at Bur- brotaer was dead to tae house, and when taa newe day. On Monday the Governor's Message was read drel with this testimony In his favor, and not a parti- Itogton, she corrected herfcelf on the stand, and said came of the death of ber niece. The heart that eoaldof StuartA man tiad a right to have the segls of ids window when Hubbard was there going out In a tae Fall of I85'J. if it was true that toe de&Bdaatthe powersof the United States and the ProbateCourts to be disposed of, he having urged this sub- teied a Court of Justice. Not only was Margaret taat she was going to Mr. Farnam's. The re- toat from February, IMS, up to Septeaber, iSiaL,BlUeljl]> withtewlof Oe deadly weapon. ThetioB of this doggerel wQl have one good effect, how- people will even listen to the idea of amending vistd necessary legislation for the benefit of the Carson not cut by the gentleman's tellor. Mr. Stuart's fascina- taking of the deposiUon, acd she went to Mr. Burch's Miss Faimie retiirued ta October, 1818. Tia awatpublica-true. I do not mean to say Ihat the Southern ject upon the atteation of the Secretary of State;ad- he a scoundrel, butaIsdcsodurnedsrselwabseccaoumseplahisnecdooaft. wHaes lciosltlencetdionnotfoeMasrtagiarrsewtaassatfotewrhat she heard when ^e Stuart and Mress,taBbulricshedwere not togettierr Blill seek was to be deemed an adjournment of the was tae fact by every credihiB allaeaB.of distribution that other witnesses were scoundrels. What founda- that taat is a suspicious circumstance. There was a discrepancy tietween her statement aa4 equitableand the Personalsatisfactory and effect- inregardto untaxedmerchandisesoldnearCamp saloon and being a friend of Mr. Stu- hcuseofherrelatives,shehadbeenguiltyofcrime; Mr.Neeftestifiedtliatheandhiswifedidnotgoawaywere to be oondemned becauseHe would ask them wlietoer ialIt theiwere to convict Mra.tbtog. BamhjytllM.Mr.Col. HoorsB could secure the passage of a bill in Con- Stoart was proved, by Mr. Carpenter, to iiavs guilt every monta to the years boa 185* to ths time went solely, for toe ar;thought alleged Mrs. Burchcriminal;Yet,to to* tilli ofcomplaint,wito Mrs, Bureb'*charged going out tket.'was first; 10 to 12. Col. Carpenter went with hhn to date of toe ealllng of Famiam's boys, and coirc^mratesmended the establishment of free or common schoolscalled attention to the extent and number of herd up stairs to dtoe with Mr. and Mrs. Douglas. Mr. Mia Burch put Stuarfs coat OB the radiator. It was of dwelling <giaB«aa<iBMici3 Iteir, atom dress^eta*Ayer meets him at the dinner, and sees Umof Stuart'stiaryInmatest>elurnlshedwithemployment;regret- Mrs.BurchisdownatMrs.Mather's.Mr.Stuartre- thatacttothepresenceof^theservaat-gUi!downEtati*~RrhiriPflrasgoneoverthe'IksHiiiiaCi,the dinner is concluded—between 3 and 6 o'clock—whentoat Mrs.charged Burch wanted to conceal the factsnail matter of who eaae down stairs three or <>r*ain.On Tuesday the Legislature assigned Hon. R. P. theatre by Col. Carpenter. WasFLraniBm to ihe First Judicial District, Hon. Hsusr Mr. Staart could have gone to ttie house osotoreailer a verdet flat the woman wasto theDisuict, at Genoa, CarsoB County, oa the second theatre In the evening T Indepeadeat of ths.sUteiBCBt »*«•• te the preseace of Aftew1 Ity, on the first Monday in March;for theten mhiutes to go back;golonybutbrutal andat time aBudvd to. any yet''. >. ^1_^"«- ^- V--%'^^'•/MWishe look beM Wli ,!.Waeb BOtkeaeaai/tta'<eoMeaptfUatea aen eUi^aafBr*eoh*trltMl aeiTi her with iafkaay oa *aeh ^wne*. remarkable that H*aoria,'wb wjtf-^ 4-'-''j*--i. -^.*'f^i-«^-iofpo*«lb;etoata man ptaytag to tiearea daily iisbIIsuchaobana. ? - Next be came to the eaiptdea* evideBBBfly. They bad first a yonag lady M Myaars, auU^ herself out to be the »f»ri*t weaWaenle oTibZwitnessesthihgiaiHWMiBiregrettedthat her mlad-r- -riiTlitharr bOTqtbtth..i«lBdflh»te^SSM*.^vStMi*i^SSSSgentlemen,hare thpa' belteve that M(&thsthe third toe night of Miss Kinsey's weddtag.seooadiaraefourth toenightoftoe23dofDeeeosber.wasFaraam caUed. Was Mib. aaiek•I thatwashnmahtapai^DWUeaeebeea caiMteWhad Stuart taer* Stuart toerefSnadeyjep- -^>J' iaMrW|^yetaa Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 