 .i|that,the7.iBa2surelyperpetual,bethe customs.VHB FKBfISBNT'8 BtEflSAGE.foUow&ig ratiCcatiom." The of thekeen excellent, our harvests have been abundant,stitution. In like manner, it can only be exercised to carry the enumerated powers into effect, Con- the Confederacy among oar thirty-three sovereign Constitutions may prescribe.by the people of a Territory represented in a con- possesses the exclusive right to lay and col- States. It bears no resemblance lo the recognition 3. Alike recognition of the right of the mastervention of delegates for the purpose of framing a fe^rcetssduties on imports, and in common with the of a foreign ie faito Government, involvmg ne to have Ua slave, who has eaci^ed from one State claims from the sums are entitle^tothe land. Oar com- meree and mannfcctnres have been proeecntedIto do tiiia to anotlier, restored and "deUrered up" to him, receive from would,ibA plenty sniiles throughontThwismu^^^BtQ oSer^ofcourse,ctenotconstitution preparatory to admission as a State in- vith energy and industry, and have yielded fair to the Union. Then, and not until then, are they in- and ample returns, la short, no nation in the tide vested with power to decide the question whetherStateslo all layandcollectto to render the homes and the firesides«f uemwith such It thus became a State is at variance with the whole spirit and in-the and Bttlwer arising from Claytoneqacncacomplynecessary,and " in order to form a more Union," tolj iiU the parties to it habitnally and hope- iMKOta. Sooner or later the bonds of suchrequisitions.such a warfrom the rightof search claimedbyiMi^a Umm anut be evered. It is my conviction thatperfectand execute its own laws withoutshould result in the conaoest of t State, how areGovernment, adjusted.CUUIA.tU( fatal yeitod has not yet arrived; and my ••-"^-""-;thoughmamw>nld tiemna the Con-thethe interme<uateprovinceof the Btetes. This has the nature ofin II Iwe could not, bybe«> aceompliahed by the Constitution of the force, control the will of the people, and compel wbich,pire of Chka lias produced the moet mtiaftictoryBat let iu take wandng in time, and remove thete of danger. It cannot be deided that, for fivepenseBepreaentativaato Con-immediate dissolution of the Uiuon. It is true that the Territorial Legis- latnre of Kansas, oft the 23d of February, 1860,and shonloly lesigii, a successor Biay be appointed to performger is no good reason for antracting parties. The old articles of confedera- Charleston tion were entitled " Articles of Confederation andthaCollector unfortunate-and he referred to none other, to which the Stateswere authorized to resort, on such he occasions,tionswith thatare all 8PAIH.that we couldfrom thistional tribunal to popular assemblies would, if they could, invest a territorial legislature with power tointerested, wererecognised,and Uie Gor- Spaniohpealedjudgmentof our constitu- highestThey place both the sword and the purse under itsemment agreed to" pay $100,000of this amonntThis is an act of sovereign authority, and not of sub-MBtaiial prosperity than we have done until within ordinate Territorial legislation. Were it other- ferinpwiththeir exercise. For thatpurposeit is so forward, tliat tlie rapidly hasteningemergen-are violations of tlie Constitution, and are conse- oftlie United tlie Statea, incltidiac• yaa recent period.wise, then, indeed, would the equality c^the Statesand thethat discontent now so exten-ofahely prevails, and the Union of the States,which property in slaves would depend, not upon the and reprisal.'wifiB St, then,in the Territories bedestroyed,rightsgrantletterax>fmarquetheState to remain in the Union. I should feel my-important subject.be constitutional. The singleIn order still further to secure thenninterruptedpropersucceeding ""is that of and this has not only been reversed by the proper appellate tribunal, butWe were in-position, it is provided "that this Constitution So far from this power having been delegated to volved in dangerous complications with several to its ratification.a State Court in Wisconsinadvance that he will thus violate his duty? Thiswould be at war with every principle of and justiceof Christian Let us wait for the overt act. charity.The Fugitive Slave law has been carried into exe- ctition in every contested case since the commence-acter. This left it in the discretion of each whether to obey or to refuse, and they often declined tosafely asserted that the power to make war againstthe twoand spread broadcast over the Union. lutionory resistance, because it has been claimedHow easy would it be for the American people within the last few years that any State, whenever authority ite own de-:to settle the Slavery question forever, and to re- store peace and harmony to this distracted coun-try.They, and they alone, can do it. All that is ne-to terms of thethe conventioncessary to accomplish the object, and all for wllichthe Slave States have ever contended, is to belit alone, and permitted to manage their domestic institutions in their own way. As sovereignStates, they, and they alone, are responeible beforeGod and the world for the Slavery existing amongthem. For this, the people of the North remedyclivities,States. Wisely limited and restrained as is his many petty, jarring,to swell with honest Sure- public feeling throughoutour entire country, pro- not justice require its appropriation to some be-yower,ander our Oonstitution and laws, he alone retirmg from the Union, without responsibility,duced by the forcible search of American vesselsthe last fatal ^y British cruisere on the coast of Cuba, in the speciallybut little, for good or evil, on such whenever any sudden excitement might impel a momentous question.States without redressagainsttyrannycanAnd this brings me to observe that the electionone of our fellow-citizens to the office of Piendent does not of itself afford just cause forofanybe destroyed, andalthough, in conjunctionaccomplishof 1858. The American hailed with Spring peoplethe Union. This is more especially true if his election has been effected by a mere plural- ity, and not a maiority of the people, and has re- sulted from transient and temporary causes, whichSuch a principle is wholly inconsistent with the tutions, and has been exercised at all periodsenshroud but it would bethe for nations, Our exampledissolviDghistory as well as the character of the Federal Con- stitution. After It Was framed, with the greatest deliberation ahd care, it was submitted to Conven- tions of the people of the several States for ratifica-grievous wrongupon the Federal Government dan- from it, by \irtue of an inherent constitutional every other constitutional means of conciliationof any other nation." Theseordere have mightmay probablynever again occur. In order to jus-But the distinction must ever be ob- that this is revolution against an establish-d responsible positionsgrantedelection, however, has been held in strict confor-us look the in tlie danger fairlyWe should reflect that undercon- ex- last, afld the treatv itself was proclaimed on the succeedmgthe resulttkH regard'|:negotiation,bygerousof the States, whilst iUs advo- riglit. In thort, letImd been exhausted.this free Government there is an incessantwith itsmity express provisions.How, then, canmaybut still it is a revolution.The Slavery question,a revolution to justice,Constitution, all require that we shall wait forchangedday Thereisgcodjustifydestroy averywill have itsI be- day. firmlyConstitution? Reason,andeverything human, lieve that it has alreadyreached andpassedthereasonaome overt and daii^erous act on the part ofits protectioninfluence,,wil^l;secede from the Union, in accordance with the Constitution, and without any violation of the con-itsThat as each become parties to tho Union by the vote of its own people assembled in Convention, so any one of them may retire from the Union in a similar manner by the vote of such a convention.secession as a constitutionalplaced But I may be permitted solemnly to invoke myfederacy.enchanter, would vanish into thin air, but a sub-their hand to preserve it by force.article relating to Ruatan and the etherthe of Honduras. BayIn order toit must be on thethat have indulged fears that a Government of dayjustifysince the world begana strict construction of these powers to prevent the past, and by the hopes of the future. The Union78. The claimanta have receivedthat the Federal Government is a mere voluntary association of States, to be dissolved at pleasure by any one ofsuch high powers might violate the reserved rights!of Great Britain, forcibly to -risit andmightweeks, which cost our forefathers many years of toil, privation, and blood to establish.of the Navy to our naval force in the Gulf of Mexico, " to protect all vessels of the United States on the high seas £rom search or detention by the vessels-of-warpendence. ral Government must be gmlty of a "deliberate, these bodies, composed of the first men of the served,of Great Britainpounded by her most eminent jurists.The only question of any importance which stiUremains is the title between tbe two open disputedGovernments to the Island of San Juan, in the vi- cinityofWashingtonTerritory. AsthisquestiontifyThis ought to be thetheya resort to resistance, the Fede- revolutionarytion.have on differ-palpabledangerousthe Con8tilution."eThe late Presidentialferredpowers to theplaced. JAPAN.principleon thesearch American vessels on the high seas, in time of peace, has been abandoned. This was by far the most dangerous to the peace of^ theexceptionare not responsible, and have no more right tointerfere, than with similar institutions in Russiaor in Brazil. Upon their good sense and patrioticforbearance, I confess I still greatly rely. With- federacy ever be so interpreted as to enable any State, by ful nation on the face of the earth. In every for-Butis a rope of sand, to be penetrated and reason to imagine, thatthey anypectedpaid. After the awardsthere will remain a surplus of more than $200,000the contracting parties. If this be so, the Con- danger!out their aid, it is beyond the power of any Presi- dissolved by the first adverse wave of public opin- her own act, and without the consent of her sister eign region of the globe the title of American citi-dent, no matter what may be his own political pro- ion in any of the States. In this manner our thir- herto restore and harmony among the ty-three States may resolve themselves into as States, to discharge people peace and hostile republics, each one their Federal obligations.moment have been precipitated into a war. This to the Chinese Government, would of was rendered manifest by the exasperated state of equity belongIt.s provisions were discussed at length injustifyandfully equalin whichrightscates maintained that under a fair construction ofSecession is neither moreebb andiiie inittumerit 'mere was no foundation for suchfor the apprehensions. In that mighty struggle between revolution,flow inpublic opinion.it is not deemed advisa- ble at the present moment to make any other allu-sion to the subject.Phe recent visit of the Prince of Wales, in a pri-Mayto cj that, under reeltheirhensions ofcontmgent danger In the future suffi-cient to justify tt^ immeuate destruction of thenoblest system of government ever devised by mor-tals ? From the very nature of Jhis office, and its was first advanced. It was then met and refuted secure the administration of justice by All the have been proposed by two-thirds of both Housesical and social intercourse with each other. FRANCS.our ancient andrelations continue to be of the most friendlyTvcoonhad as Eitraordmary andiMi^n- om-hed .subjects Envoywsho were received andfsters Plenipotentiary, both treatedwithmarkeddistinction andkindnessconstitutionalbe endangered the Constitution. The truth is, byexercised no control ? Such, at the present mo- ment, is the case throughout the State of South Carolina, so far as the laws of the United States toThis has beenperiods with eminent success.vast 4nd dutyof three-fourthsthe Imperial Govemme.u, """tl;ia't'hXalve s^ocountry.the language of the treaty itself,ardentlythat " there shallaffords mitself aguarantee that he will not at-Congress, employs the following language:The cution, have already resigned. We no longer have andlonir existed belweeii 'hp he French aw no personIf PrinceVrde-^shRtwo countries, unaerand Iriendahipcer of the Uovemment. Hisanyreligion,of it follows as a necessary consequenceaerved, judgingpossecontained in the instrument itself, but any particular case, to call forth the militia and Again, the Constitution was araendid by thelate cases haveIn these,Washington long delayedright. province is not to make,frompassing^A?'.""^* ^»°fJ^'f, of Japan and his successors.laws; and itV°.7' J*""' n"twith9tan<ling theand liberal Govern- of Brazil our relations conthiueEmpire character. amicable*"* ^°ff-xeprated efforts of the nocomposingedged. Such authority is believedboth to the principles upon which the General Government is constituted and to the ob-;Anu-Slaveryparty,it.The only acts of Congress on the statute-book,bearing upon this subject, are thqfe of the 28th ofFebruary-, 1795, and 3d of March, 1807. These entertained byof theaid has lo^t hissingle a^hai we may pos-native character. He cannot,ever passed Ccngress, unlessrepugnantKEW-ORANADA.The exchange of the ratifications of the conven-the Missorun Compromise,apprehensions justlythe that iberefore, compelledablyin the slightest degree, the righu of thebe to serve in the French arm-excepttheir property in slaves. Andimpairinir South idob- nowhich it was expressly formed to attain."friends of State Rights aties in case heshould return to his native country.were announced in 1852 by thefrom presentexists of the passage of such anon the 10th September, 1857, has been from accidental causes, for which befen discharged from iiie neither partv is censurable. These ratlficaOons because they had become American were duly exchanged in this city on the 5th of No- of our present vember last. Thus has a controversy been amica- who has rendered good service bly teiminated which had become so serious at the do not think our French nat- period of my inauguration as to require me, on the wiU h«rea ler expenence 17th April, 1857, to direct our Minister to demandact; by a majority of both Houses, cither in the present oris founded altogetheruponprocessin without these amendmente.the French judiciary. two natives ofFrancehaveyrobabilitybeenFrench arraylanguage the next Cpngress. Surely, under the«e circum- from thecharacter of the several Sutes employ the army and navy to aid him in perform- same process after the election of President JA- was ratified. But is it beyond the this service, having first by proclamation com- FBhSON by the House of Representatives, in Feb-is a remarkablelions this Dnion, cannot be acknowl- been demolishedmay also beanthoriie the President, after he shall have ascer- periodto such a theory. It tained that the Marshal, with his inference, not from any is unable to execute civil or criminalextremelytion with the Republicitindications, thatpretended stitution gives countenanceTheseFrench Minister of War, and in twojectsIt is notas to have rendered itwas not until many years after the origin-ofour hietcrj, is toalwajsthat itthe Fedeial Government that such a propositionarticle, providingWith Prance,poweri'ul.-illy,our' cha-hv the Government and peopleof the Unitedthe conclusive arguments of Gen. JACKSON.who, the Federal Judiciary are concerned.high responsibilities, he must necessarily be con- by and have been "ratifiedracter. A decision has recently beenwith the ^-PP French judicial tribunal, whichni^°'« °" "^f fPlates. There is every reasonwith their visit, and inspired by the friendlyservative. The stemthe in his message of 16th January, 1833, transmitting Federal Officers within its limite, through whose of Congress,by the Leg- of the several States,"mostour Let us hope, inof administering complicated concerns of this Governmentfeelings forhenceforward be perpetual peacePerpetual Union between the States ;" and by theconcludes by saying, " that the Legislatures of the Then in regard to the property of the United States might have made a direct representation toOur relations with Spain are now of athat Slavery is, and shall be, cles of this in South Carolina. Confederation shall be inviolably ob- SlatesThis has been pur- Congress, with a view to obtain a rescinding of the they have been lor many years. Our citizeoa have and continue to hold, numerousperfect Union" does not include the essential attribute ofapplicationCongtess,obtayieditsis,of the United States to the concluded at London on the 17th October, 1856, between the two Governments. It will be recol- lected that this was the BritishShanghai,livered accordingby the respectiveof these ports to the agent selected by our Ministersovereignty extends.The factthat our Union Yeetsupon publicfor and100,000stantial andslow decay of defyingthe nullifying ordinance of South Carolina to agency alone these laws can be carried into exe- islatures " havecon6e(^uently become parte of the Con- ter the sentimentsof mutual 'esardright of the people of a single State to absolve a District Judge, a District-Attorney, or a Marshal, ' "^ "° "'"« than the chief executive offi- themselves at will, and without the consent of the in South Carolina. In fact, the whole machinerystitution. To thisfor the clausethe iscountry indebtedcan serve in the armies be a French citizen. The lawtempt any violation of a clear consUtutional *^"r?i ?.^but to execute thoprocess prohibiting Congressbetween theUnited States oflaw and hazard the liberty and happiness of the mil- tribution of rt medial justice among the people, has abridgingan establishment of the freedomMajestyTycoonother States, from their most solemn obligations, of the Federal Government, necessary for thedis-or of speech or of the Press, orsovereignatances, we ought to be restrained from present ac- by which it ing "To employ the language which MiiAertoFrance,that any clause in the Con-doubtful comitates, whether the Constitution could have long survivedof New-Granada, at signedto betoutterly impossible, replacedebted for the Bill ofpeople against any abuse of power by the Federalof theto be of the mosttion by the precept of Him who spake as never power of a State, like an individual, to a por- manded the insurgents to disperse and retire ruary, 1*^03. This amendment was rendered ' yieldneces-citizens.man spake, that sufficient apito the day is the tion ot its to secure the remam- peaceably to their respective abodes, within a limit- sary- to prevent a recurrence of the dangers' sovereignrights oftheGov- on^occas[on.'"'l evil thafaof." The of evil may never come, der! In ihe ^,.„ ^ „o,f Mr. Madwojt, who has ed time." This duty cannot by possibility be per- ban seriously threatened the existencedayunless liW;tf>all rashly bring it -upon ourselves.'"been called the father" of the Constitution: "It formed in a State where no juaicial authority ex- ernment during the pendency of that election. The on this subject I venture to his passporta and return to the United States,It is alleged as one cause for itnmediate secessionthat the Southern States are denied equal rightswith the other States in the common Territories.each of the Statr.-^,con- the same such an officer, the entire population would con- stitutional questions like the present, which mightnredict that the mheJ Continental.is not far distant when tne Powers will adopt the sMie wiseBut what authority are these denied ? Not by authority which formed State constitutions.""?°i J^'^^u "-'"''^""'"'"t of the United States,stitute one solid combination to resist him.arise between the Governments of the States and and'ust pohcyof «>t,he'"-'L^r I*"^ were caused the riot at Panama on the 15th of Government byby Congress,thiit of the United States.This appears from con- the enlightenedconnection I shall anv event, our Government?i/hts of our naturalizedis bound tomipr^oft^ec-t the 1856." These claims, logeUier with otherwhich has never passed, and I belive never will pass, any act to exclude Slavery fromalavee are- property, and, like all other property, constitutionsof the States their owners have a right to Uke them into the spheres. It is, like them,common Territories, and hold them there under tiie protection of the Constitution.enumeration ol these provisionsand certainly not by the Su-legisla-the strict seiisc of thepreme Court, which has solemnly decided that Its powers, than the govprnMicm..! created thethose Territoriesinin this country. ^« "h"ad^rawntheu Commissiooere. I submit a copy of the conven-;term, within the sphere of tion to[{fesame extent as though theyvain,8a far, then, as Congress is concerned, the ob-•etion ia not lo anytmng they have already done, for executing theobstacles do not lie in theBetween the empire, greatPersevering effortsjustment of the claims of American eithensjit todo hereafter. It willand not to;' The revenue still contmuei to be alarming infractions of the Constitution."Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069point-whichhassolongcapacity;whichresponsiblecreated by theare withont further overcome a united opposition in a singleIn thismerely call attention to a few sentences in Mr.migtihmtey and ofthe storms ofjealous patriotatopause destroyand deliberate, before they this, the grandest templeand their whichawards, proved satis&cteryages. Indeed, well maythehave been our Min- approved bydid not nor had they fear,has made us the most prosperous and, ere alreadyIt be asked, then, are the people of the maypride.when we reach the brink of the yawning abyss,andthem to such a course. By this process a Union pression of the Federal Government f By no means. we shall recoil with horror fromthebe entirely broken into fragments in a few The right of resistance on the part of the governed plunge. By such ainterested ?against the oppression of their Govemmenta can-not be denied. It exista of all consti- independentlygeneralSecretarythetheConstitutionwouldlong, will,ifpreserved,power-shall have beensatisfied,>*i\litditfm)ii®be |ieM|irfk Mmi NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3, I860.VOL. X.—IVO. 2873.AFFAIRS.Docmnents Be- pasMtf in great haste an act, over" the veto of the 13th article it is expressly declared that " the arti-PRICE TWO CENTS.ing out the peaeeful and constitutional remedies, vail, and, if possible, to increase. Indeed onrrriaNATIONALiBiportantrore CoBgrcM.nE MESSA6E OF PREStDEHT BUCHANAN.be admitted that this ajfwhension of future dan- annulled at the pleasure ol any one of the con- rollected, as heretofore at the Custom-house in iGovernor, declaringforever prohibited in this Territory." Such an act, served by every State, and the Union shall be per- chased for a fair equivalent, "by the consent of two offensive acts, or they might have representedlong held, claiioaviolatmg the rights of property secured by the Constitution, will surely be de- clared void by the Judiciary whenever it shall beThe United States,preambleto the Constitution of thethe of the State," " for the erection of Legislatureto their in respective SenatorsCongress their Wishhowever, plainlypetual."against the Government. These hadbeen Spiaishhaving expressthree days after my inauguration the Su- And yet it is contended that this " morepreme Court of the United States solemnly adjudg- ed that this power did not exist in a Territorial Leg- islature. Yet such has been the factious temper ofpropose of themselves, if such had been theirexplana-ablypresented Onlyin a legal form.redress. Tlie Governmentfinal- Spanishreference to the ar- ticles of Confederation, recites that it was estab- lished " in order to form a mora Union."perfectforta, magazines, arsenals," &c., and over these the authority "to exercise exclusive legislation" has been expressly granted by the Constitution tothat two-thirds thereof wouldtory amendment to the Constitution, or two-thirdsl^iti of the Secretary of the Treasnry the times that the correctness of this decision has appears conclusively from the nature and extent received orders to act strictly on the defensive. In ment " of the Constitution on the subject of Slave- convmtion, what have been denominated " tlwudof the Navy.of the powers conferred by the Constitution on the Federal Government. These powers embrace thesuch a contingency, the responsibility for conse-ry. This might originate with Congress or the State Legislatures, aa may be deemed most advisa- ble to attain the object.The explanatory amendment might be confinedCuban oiaJms," to in wliich amounting $1^8,636 Si,more than one hundred of our feiknr-citizena aretlteleerttarythe heads of Apart from the execution of the laws, so far aabeen extensively impugned before the people, andthe question has given rise to angry political con-flicts throughout the country. Those who have ap- very highest attributes of national sovereignty. the assailants.and the laws of the United States which shall be Congress, it was expressly refused by the Conven- nations, and two of our Territories were in a state These proceedings place our relations vrith South without danger to the Union, (as others has met with such universal reprobation that there made in pursuance thereof; and all treaties made, tion which framed the Consti'ution. of revolution against the Government. A restora- Spain in an awkward and eabarraaaing podtion.have been,) in the hope that time and reflection can be no danger from it as a precedent. The or which shall be made, under the authority of the It appears, from the proceedings of that .body, tion of tbe African Slave-trade had numerous and might apply the remedy. The immediate peril validity of this law has been established over and United States, shall be the supreme law of the that en the 31st May, 1787, &e clause " tm-lhorii- powerfiil advocates. Unlawfiil military expedi-It is more than probable that tlie final aSljuatment of these claims will devolve np«i my successor.arises not so much from these causes as Irom over again by the Supreme Court of the United landI reiterate therecommendation contained in myand the in every State shall be bound States with perfect It is founded judgesthe whole a tions were countenanced by many of our citizens, againstthe fact that the incessant and violent agita-tion of the Slavery question throughout theVorth for the last quarter of a century has atlength produced its malign influence on theslaves, and inspired them with va^e notions offreedom. Hence a sense of secunty no longer never have been adopted by the Convention. In all members of Stete Legislatures, and all Execu- infliction of punishment, and would probably be ties, we experienced a revulsion in monetary af- countries all fiitnre time, well as prove tlieexists around the &mily altar. This feeling of tive and " both of the United considered by the party attacked as a dissolution fairs, soon after my advent to power, of unexam- certain means of immediately aboliahing Aa Afii-peace at home has given place to apprehensions both the same, the Fugitive- States and of the several States, shall be bound by of all previous compacts by which it might be pled severity uid of ruinous conseonenaes to all of aernle insarrecticm. Hwy a matron through- being substantially oath or aflSrmation to this Constitution," bound." Upon his motion the clause was unani- tbe great interests of the country. we takeslave-trade tliroughout the world. I wonU not repeat this reccanmendation upon the preaentslave Law has been the law of the land from the supportoat the Sonth retires at night in dread of what In order to into effect these theW^ena retrospect of wlrat was then our condition and contrast this with our material prosperity at the time of the late Presidential election, we have abundant reason to return thanlu to that merciful Providence which has never forsaken us as a na-tion in all our past trials.OUR FOREIGN KELATIONS.if I believed that Cuba to the United Statea, uponbefall herself and her children before the days of Wasbinotoh until the present moment. Constitution hcaasrreysteblisheda Gpowversn,mentpostpoSnoeodn, aAerwards, on the 8th June, presented.mayBommg. Should this apprehension of domesticdanger, whether real or imaginary, extend and in-ttaalj itself until it shall pervade the masses ofthe BoQthem people, then disunion will be- supreme againstperfectin all its forms, legislative, executive and judicialcome inevitable. Belf-presoration is the first law of nature, and has been implanted in tke heart of man by his Creator for theand no political union, however fianght vrith blessings and benefits in all otherrespect from the Government under the..^ _ e^QnT-wisest purposesjtaptdi^ can i^ng continue, if the necessary con-injuryon the States in their char- sovereignrelationsvrith:Here, then, a clear case is presented, in which it1787, when adverting to thewill be the of the next President, as it has duty;and this Government, to the extent of ite pow- he saidsubject, Government for the United States,tarnish the national honor of thebeenown, to act with vigor in executing this:Anymyand ancient bo SpanishMonarchy. Sorelyever attributed to the first NAF0I.S0H a of the national honor of France, for LouisianatotheUnitedStates 6ka£Ur lent both in money and commareialadvantages.AUBRIA, nc.With the of Austria, and theEmperor remainingContinental Powera of indndbw that ra Enrope,the our relations continue to ke of the moet Sultan,the conflicting enactments of Should he fail in the perform- ance of this high duty, he will then have manifestedlaw Slate Legislatures-.and executes ite own decrees every State, byof its own officers. In thisagency it differatheforce againtt the unconstitutional proceedings otthe States, would as visionary and fallacious proveas the government of Congress," evidently meto-adisregard'ofthe Constitution and laws.to the greatentirelyConfederation, making ingOBXAT BSITAIK.oldStates of the Union. But are we to presume in requisitionsthe then eration.existingof theof nearly one-half of theGreat Britain are of the moet character. Since the commencement ofTreaty andthe Britishandamicably honorablypeopleOurmy Administration, dangerous qneetions,ment of the present Administrationit is to be regretted, with great loss and mconve- upon people,directlywe to it afterwarda 7 Sliall we hold it as aThe friendly and peaeefol pdicy pgraued by the Bnlwer Treaty between the two Govemmenta, Government of the United Statea towards the Em-often, nience to the master, and with considerable ex-The discordant constructions of the and Claytonto the Ooremment. Let us trust that the State Legislatures will repeal their unconstitu- tional and obnoxious enactments. Unless thisresulta. The of Tien-tain of th« Itth of Jane, treatytwenty years, the agitation at the Northmat Blaveiy in the Sooth has been incessant. shall be done wiUiout unnecessary delay, it is im- tuticn,iIb 183fi pictornl hand-bills and inflammatory ap-peals were dreulated extensively throHgbout theBouUi, of a elAiacter to excite the passions of thealavee ; and, in the Utaguage of Gen. Jackson, justicecisely of all these in the enumerated people States,Honduras and in of the un- Nicaragua, pursuanceon China, relefied to in my last Annnalever since been continued by the publio Press, byand Dy Abolition sermons and lectures of Congress has been occupied in violentThe time der. In that event, the injured States, after hav-the fraternal conflict a vast amount of blood and treasure would be expended, rendering future re-conciliation between the States impossible. In the meantime, who can foretell what would be thesufferings and privations of the people during its existence 7and appeals in pam-recognizedRepublic of Honduras. It may be observed thatpossible for any human power to aave.the Union. Tne Southern 8tate«r standing on the basis of the Constitution, have a right to demand this act of fromtheStatesoftheNorth. Shoulditbeeign people of each of the several States, has pre- the same right to exercise its power over theDieted treaty arrangements with the BeiwMiea ef -XBantanareatiafaction of Hw ciaima of onthat each one of themrefused, then the Constitution, to which all the delegated to the United Statesover not subjectepossesses&e horrors of a servile war." Thu agitation has States are parties, will have been willfully violated the States, respectively, or to the people."nevertheless, that confidently expected this'goodwork will ere long be accomplished." This confi- dent expectation has since been fulfilled. Her Britannic Majesty concluded a treaty with Hondu- ras on the 28th November, 1869, and with Nica- ragua on the 28th August, 1860, relinquishing the"tottfaanlate them to insurrection, and produce allby one portion of them in a provision essential to the proceedings of State and County Conventions, the domestic security and happiness of the remain-To the extent of the delegated powera, the Con- stitution of the United States is as muci a part the constitution of each State, and is as binding"ers, acts directly upon the individual citizens of formed on the supposed practicability of usinglypicadwhich was confined toCongress of the old Confed-Without descending to particulars, it may be friendlyfor theestablish a Government which conld acttent of the Constitution. governand govern it with a despotic power ? Infirstusedallpeacefiilandconstitutionalmeans uponitspeople,asthoughithadbeentextuallyin-Protectorate. Besides, the former, ports of Canton, Shanghai, and Fnchau Mosquito by "and it ;speeches ingto obtain redress, would be justified in revolution-serted therein.This Government, therefore,the Islands are Bayas a of the was agreed that this amount shall be in lull Uqni- part;on this never-ending subject ary resistance to the Government of the Union.and other forms, indorsed by distinguishedphlets I have confined my remarks to revo- names, have heeu sent forth from this central point purposelyIstpsefciralmesrusbjnecvtesr intended this shall be its sovereign will and pleasure, may to implant in its bosom the seeds ofstruction, nor were theystitutional rights of the other members of the Con- It was not intended oy its framera to be the base- ish. Congress possess many means of preservingpurposeof this removing barrier,Supposehave beenfriendlycharacter.agencythings UnkedStatea. thtm te ^ect Benatora andphysicalbore a tlireatening aspect, Iiave restilted in a final set-creation of guiltyof its citizens shed in civil war. If it cannot liveChinese collectors of the Government, because of ita objection to the just to receive the same.customsatthe absurdity of providing for ite own dissolution.less fabric of a vision which, at the touch of the it by conciliation but the sword was not ;fabric, capable of resisting thefiDm aU oranyofzen is held in the and when pro- highest respect,nounced in a foreign land, it causes the heartswouldof the world's history. Under it old Govenj- rnore thgn eighty years would not only be lost,;Empire he was ever and will-Mehts have beendestroyed,andquotedevery wrong—nay,an immediate collision between the na-taken their place. express languageItstrongandman is unfit for It is notproducedval forces of the two countries. This was most Minister and his to state that they—which can such a fearful alternative.aivl exercise " of powers not country. Its opponents contended that it con- rd Government, and not a voluntary secession last desperate remedy of a despairing people, afterfortunately prevented byappealjusticeto thedelicate, and tryingface olution.less than rev- justifiablecluded at Jeddo onthe 29th July. IRoS, were:It may or itlikeon the 22dnow new ones Ijaveis embodied {hin our own Declaration of Inde-as a conclusive proof that self-government.in thenever occuned to any i.-idividual, tithcr among its tmepositipn of the Executive? He is b"ound by culminating point. evilthe first intellects of this or any other country,itWhat,meantime,is theresponsibilitythe President elect before resorting to such a opponents Or advocates, tg tsser', ur cveiit5 inti- solemn oath before God and the country to take isting excitement, the Union shall perish, tHt con-mate, that their effoHs were all vain labor, because care that the laws be faithfully executed," and may then become inepaxable. Congress can remedy. much to avert it and recom- It I: said, however, that the antecedents of the the moment that any State felt herself aggrieved from this obligation he cannot be absolved by any tribute to the by proofpotshiengseveral StatesPresident elect have been sufficient to justify the she might secede from the Union. What a crush- human power. But what If the performance of mending for Legislatures which the Constitu- fears of the South that he will attanpt to invade ing argument would this have proved against those this duty, iu whole or in part, has been rendered the remedy existing efvoirlsi,ts ownrights. But are such appre- who dreaded that the rights of the States would impracticable by events over which he could have tic:n has itself tprioevdidaetddifferent criticpalreservationo.f|vate character, to the people of this country, hasproved to be a most auspicious event. In its con-sequences it cannot fail to Increase the kindred andkindly feelings which I trust may actuate the Gov- wilh unu.-^ualaccsroeldeimtneidty.three of his most ernment and people of both countries in their polit-nor not be alanguage uralized fellow-citizenswas formed hy the Stains—that is, by the people mists to issue process, and where there is no Mar- article for its own amendment was intended to se- much annoyancteimeUnder this convention the Government of New- Granada haa specially acknowledged itself to beto our citizens " for damages whichacting and formedhighesthas d-«'organized into tive executiv*, and judiciary departmentshas power toor cannot be amended so as to carry out more ef-toCOStA BIOA AKDin their consequently bysovereignshal to execute it, and where, even if there were cure the amicable adjustment of conflictingConstitution, le.s a Government intemporaneous history.not to speak of other States who may place Madison's justly celebrated report, 1799, thecitizens everywherelegisla-It rates, like them, directly on persons and thingscarryand, like them, it has at command aThe same insuperablethe laws for the collection of the Alien and Sedition acts," asRjassainad friendship topowers It was intended to becommitted to it."palpable and United StatesexistedstJI contmuesby are, within their severalState,themselves of theand precedingfirst breathdislinction between ouraaUve izens.^ope- ; physical forcefounded upon the protest of the Virginia Legislature againstHICARAQDA.have been made for the ad-The barehow inadequate theyprovesto April,claims of our citizens which had been long urgedare referred for to a Board of adjustmentfectu:illythe objects of the Constitution.State Legislatures. These were niainlyof and thethi»duty.Ithough less dangerous charactermore complicated thanCongress.any attemptto Convention for the same object."erty by forcebut if in this I should prove to Be;Empired^e!It is not believed thatbe made to expel the United States from this prop-a obtainingly agreed to institnte a joint commission fn the ad- justBuant of these claims, and on the 5tb day of Harch^. -%, concluded a convention for tltis pnipoaeregulate commerce with foreign nations, and tions heretofore existing between tliem, much less 2. The duty orprotecting this right in all tbe ' <Thesehighly satisfactoryhigh powera,iclaims. Indeed, they have ni&de a£iumBl authorizing the StatewSj}>artment to'settle these claims, and to deduct TWPammnt of the *fTtitadmclared that "no State shall enter into any treaty,null and void.It may be objected that tliia construction of the" Spain againsthas,alliance, or confederationcy may soon arise,yon mayqnenltythisstrong prohibitory language, expresslyuponclaim,"byiiiiiii iniiiii ufiimil.;possesspower,compelwhich have been This #ould be to invest a mere Executive officer existence, and until they shall be admitted as Stateseve^i^iKasoir to.lmawothertaxes. suchresponsibility. AnyattonptBut the Constitution has not only conferred these on his part, be a naked act al aiotpation. It is, and of tlie validity of the FngitiTe Slave Ifcw en- tteaccQited.Spain.^high powers upon Congress, but it has adopted therefore, my duty to submit to OongreM the whole acted for tills purpose, topetlter with a declaration All other claim* of the cinz^ns of the United at time ha* ever presented a spectacle of greater Slaverj shall or shall not exist within their limits. efiectual means to restrain the States from inter- question in all iU bearings. Tlte course of eventa that all State laws impairmg or defeating tills right States agsinat Spain, or of aubjecte of tiM Qneende-be caUedto decide the momentous question whether youAmistademit bills of creditk the sonice of all these blessings, is threatened guarantees of the Constitutipn, but upon the shift-, make anything but gold and silver coin a tender self recreant to my duty were I not to express an ought to be required T The answer is, that a very gle exception of the Cuban claims, was recogniaadwith destraction? The long.conUnued and in-;pass anyopinionThe question fairly stated ismy countrymen|er. This does not proceed solely from the claim OS the part of Congress or the Territorial Legis- latnres to exclude Slavery from the Territories, Bor &om the efforts of different States to defeat tjie execution of the Fugitive Slave law. All or any of these evils might have been endured by thethe Federal Constitution, they are therefore null and void. All the Courts, both State and National, befoie whom the question has arisen, have from the beginning declared the Fugitive Slave law to;;a foreign power orunless an actually uponto the tenor of said awards."I transmitted this convention to the Senate foronmg majorities of an inesponsible Territorial legis-in ofdebts paymentthe Convention. Indeed, the Spanish Govern-a from its intrinsic un- lature. Such doctrine,invaded,admit of delay."as will not;coin moneypremelarge proportion;The most palpable violations of constitutional be absolutely necessary for its inspec- £fl^tent sections of the Oiiion are now afrayed which nave yet been committed consist in executing•(liBst each other, and the time has arrived, so the act of different State Legislatures to defeat the excess shall belong to the United States. upon Congress to declare and to niake war against and restore peace and among the States. vaeh dreaded by the Father of his Country, when execution of the Fugitive Slave law. It ought to And "no State shall, without the consent of a State. After much serions reflection, I have ar- It ought not to be dohuabtremdontyhat snch an appeal kostile geographical parties have been tprmed. I be remembered, however, that for these acts, nei- Congress, lay any duty of tonnage ; keep troops^ rived at the conclusion that no such power has to the arbitrament established by the Constitution have long foreseen and often forewarned ther Congress nor any President can justly be held or ships-of-war, m time of peace enter into anybiH of attainder, ex postfacto law, or law impairing the obligationon thisof the of the United States peoplebyin or in such imminentof thenot among the specific and enumerated powers States shall separate themselves from the Union.engagewar, dangerinspectionConstitution,that, this istried in a of conciliation before any of these spiritcording;beendelegatedtoCongress,ortoanyotherDepart- itselfwouldbereceivedwithfavorbyalltbeStatestent that it should be submitted to tbe Board for examination and decision, like the other claims. Both Govemmenta were bound respectively to pay the amounte awarded to the several claimante " at such times and places as may be fixed by and ac-of the now impending dan- responsible. Having been passed in violation of agreement or compact with another State, or with ment of t^e Federal Government. It h manliest, of the Confederacy. In any event it ought to be;*mirf»,T temperate interference of the Northern people soundness, cannot long influence any considerable of contracts." Moreover, " without' the consent tion delegated to Congress the power to coerce a never will cease from agitation and admit ita bind- claim should be thus recognized, notwithstanding with the question of Slavery in the Southern States portion of our people, much less can it afford a of Congress, no State shall lay any imposts or du- State into submission which is attempting to with- ing force until clearly established by the people of ita payment had been recommended to Congress by has at length produced its natural effects. The good reason for a dissolution of the Union. ties on any imports or exports, except what may draw or has actually withdrawn from the Confed- the several States in their sovereign character. two of my predeces.sora as well as by myself^ anderacyexplanatorywould,appropriationpurposeiiadpaasedgranted to Congressis necessaryapparentWhen I enteredtial office, the aspect neither of our foreign nor do-actiontbe Sd May, 1880,; that its exercise is not " "equalnldyuponthe duties of the Presiden-forexercise of these high powers against State inter- carrying into execution any one of these powera. mestic affairs was at all satisfactory.June deter- they;unanimity. upon thereby, anythmg in the Constitution or laws ofmgancxertio»oftheforce ofan of the Constitution, requiring express provisiondtiinqucnt in ofDecember, 1859, in favar of tlie «>'j"t«i-that slaves who escape from service in oneopposedfrom which I shall extract but a single sentence. purpose of making war upon the unoffending peo-tionof Cuba from Spain by ftdr pnrdiaae. I firmlyany State to the contrary notwithstanding." The solemn sanction of religion has beenMadison it in a briefbut powerful speech, XJovemment, to escape from our shores, for the thatand can never be cemented the blood opinion, byby the Senatetreatyin the aflections of the people, it must one day per-countrymen of determine toIt must be a source of sincere satisfaction to all classes of our fellow-citizens, and especially to those engaged in foreign commerce, that the claim,1859,to theister.$498,694 alreadya large proportion of the sums awarded to them out of the funds provided, and it is confidently ex-that tlie remainder will ere belong entereljwhich has ever been dedicated to human freedomIt has been consecrated of the States, and wisely did they adopt the rule of by the blood of our fathers, by the glories of theclaimanta,In the aggregate tliey amount to the sum ofour countrymen op- lynevolent object in wliich the Chinese maydreadthe friends of freedaom throughoouftleadenin thein a similar attitude. Congress alone Legislature of Virginia. In this he ablydecide whether the present laws can clusively defended the resolutionsCongress,"wayofexecuting Inthe mutuatreganl pre-Untitled Documentandbe (bund in the 6thIt for its means of own amendment. Under this article amendmentsrender us the mostquestiontwo countries which has existed since the War of1812. Whilst it remained open, they might at any at the disposition of Congress. As this will inthe of hopeslong night despotismcatastrophethe world wouldacclaim the orders of thestructions, has remained perfectly neutral warbetween Great Britain and France andwithpredecessor,But if, in the midstof the ex-ourtrade^"J'!«respectingand it would be difficult, if not cfthe right of petition. To this we are also in- » ion fact of become a citizenRights, Government. Such were theUnited States, has changed his allegiance mentit is not everya resort toan to theto thelaw of nations as ex-inSince that time the claims of our Citizens havebeen by the Board of Commissionera ap- adjustedpointed for the purpose under the act of March S,[i,will by anhaveThis isBut that the Union was designed to be perpetual mistaken, the officer in command of the forts has mend in order to obtain an " explanatory amend- with«Ni->^re«ent Minister at Madrid. Uadertiiiaperpetuity.;the very course which I earnestly recom-quencesuponwould rightfully restto maketo raise and support armies and na- authority to decide the relatioas bcil tke Constitution on three special pointe.hasmake peace what shall beODBtret. Congress ;powerwar,and towithin three monthstiie of exchangere^&iag t2R,€SJS 't>4 was to await the decision of tlie Com- 1MI»M citiiHUf/tlu Smatt aiUBmutof lUrruenta- Congress is expressly forbidden by the Federal ernments. It is invested with the power to coin olina. He lias been invested with no such discre- in slaves in the States where it now exista or may miesionera for or against " the *mi«tH claim ;"annul the sacred rights of poperty. This power vies, and to conclude treaties with Gov- tweenthe Federal Government and South Car> 1. foreignpaymentAn Constitution to exercise. Kvery Sfate Legislature money, and to regulate the value thereof, and to tion. He possesses no power to change the rela- hereafter exist.oftheofttoM : in the Union is forbidden by its own constitutionThiODghoat the year since onr.laat meeting, to exercise it. It cannot be exercised in any State among the several States. It is not necessary to to acknowledge the independence of that State. common Territories throughout their territorialAe coiratTT haa been eminently prosperona in all except by the people in their highest sovereign ca- enumerate the otherIta material intere«t«. The general health has pacity when framing or amending their State con- conferred upon the Federal Government. In order with the power of recognizidg the dissolution of into the Union, with or without Slavery, as theirbut in anj event the balance was to be to the paidci:jimants either by Spain or the United Statea.this maybe the Kxecutive has no to the final settlement of the truepracticable, cooatmHai ofState" came up fiir consideration. Mr. and were suffered, in defiance of the efforts of theAnnual of MessageDecember, 1S&8, and repeataafogitivv '•State to another shall bemasters. Without this provision it ishistorical fact that the Constitution itself could in asdelivered up ato their"Benatore and Representatives of the United States, would lock more like a declaration of war than an at peace. In addition to theae and other difficul- essentially to the well-being and prosperity ofliotb" well-knownsuper-added to the obligations of official duty, and all He observedoneformorother,undertheactsof1793and1850, judicial officere, can:ple neighboring BBpoblica,TheuseofforceagainstaState of withwhomwewere believethatsuchanacquisitionwouldecntiibutemously and was never, I believe, againoccasion,incidentallyother dutiaaand its from the sover- ing upon their own vcMion, and reqan^-froBl die In my last annnal meaeage I informed CongressIn short, the Government created by the Conati- gie»», deriving authoritytapai<amjiltbeis aerful Government, invested with all the attributssofover theto whichthe stipulations of these treaties conform In every important particular to the amendments adoptedtreaty rejected byand important amendment of the Senate to therious portsamount—to witfor FuchCanut—onw,e1r0e0,d0e0-0depend-ber of the Confederacy.But, if wc possessed the power, would it bewise to exercise it under existing circumstances ? but " reserved to The object wotild doubtless be to preserve theUnion. War would not only present the most ef-fectual meansjof destroying it, but would banish all of hope of its peaceable reconstruction. Besides, ingreatpow-andof all claims ofdation American citizens at the va-cases,derstandingbetween the two Govemmenta. It is,has been already carried into effect, so far aswas practicable.Under this Convention the sum of 600,000 taels,equal to about $700,000, was stipulated to be paid in satisfaction of the claims of American citizens, out of the one-fifth of the receipta for tonnage im- port, and export duties on American vessels at theis still underat Washingtonnnce r" o^ni'i"^ 'h«which secures the Fre..chman, hy the having'^shtexpatri- that ain tocon-Legialature against the strictures of several other RDESIA.uredc?ift- izandrecommendthelegislation it into effect.?BRA/II..express recognitionrightpropertywhenbyforceofarms,to a ConstitutionhasalreadybeensettledbytheSu-wereto a board of Commiaeioners in the nandmnn.Neither the validity of the Amistad claim nar ofand ittheir consUtutionaland on the 27th of theminedthattheywould notadviseandconsent:still contest the correctness of this decision, andvalidity oftheHas the Constitu-mentit is be- sndid not insist that the? If answered in the affirmative, it must be Such anamendmentfor thatduty tion laws," and, if they exceed this amount, the on the principle that the power has been conferred lieved, forever terminate the existing dissensions the Senate of the United States. They were con-of thetlement entirely satialaetory to tiiis Government. 1868,at differentperiodsdiscussion,aadfree citizens of a Free State as a constituent mem- that the British Ooteiument ha* not thea " con. 1868, sonnlementary to this treaty, for thepartprinciplesconfirmadby'«'>^«'and nataltion to necessaryan option,might,urged tarm leiiea of yeara by our snrrsest ie diplomatic laproaonUtives at Madrid, bat withontCourt of the United States, and what more any other clatoi agdnst either with the afa- party,mislands in^Sterms I have toare theoSUen of'tlRrCabanthe tianoar of i conditiaBs highly ftvorable to Spain, conld joat-observed tlie Cliineae byhas beenauthorities. The ccmvention of the 8th November,fiutiifiillyDebentures for this 300,000 taels forto this date."be Our Minister to China, in obedience to his in-Chinesethe Russian Minister, to ready hising, had the opportunity offered, employ good offices in restoring peace between the parties. It is but an act of simple justice, both to our presenthave provi ent occasionsbeenThe ratifications of the treatv with Japanandcourse with ihat distant and mien-stmg people"The^rriTfica'ionsof the treatyexchangedto believe^y a have returned to their native land entirely satisfiedtheWith the wise, cons, rvaiive,wereFor this purpose tile]oBer.thattkey www.fultonhistory.com 