 6SHEglVdifficulty growing out of DM mpriaonment of Baa he democratic NEW *YOKK HERALD. tiago Constant, a British •object, the Paraguayan incompetency o atheCreatla g Re ve- gtowlt a high place among the e*e/» ***** of the art world. Its exhibitor ahould not fall in thela*number of Garrison's abo- totakeittoChicago. Judgingbyrecentde-part Tfcaww « • * • -"—Ml•—W••••——Nl government relikelytohavealivelytinewith ..ther cauee forit, and it to » pro- JAMBS ttORDOM |||IITT| Englandonaccount ofthesinkingoftheBritish lific cause of public CTil in and outJonventionswill tea tad Chicago, thebranches of tbe Legislature during the present raw BOWSEY THEATRE, sewery.-rawca * " - session; also a list of acts that hare passed eachly for the succession. We have had Wise and Hunter, and Stephens, and Toombs, and Sli-Wm. Lloyd Garrison, and whose preacher to Pierce from -the Northeast. Matters seem now Theodore Parker, has stated it distinctly on to be settling down, so that Douglas and poorHoliness to perfectly helpless, and must mil back upon the spiritual Inheritance of his pre-^ , " i - Wit* m Hiiarae Fao-M. OecmiMaaB-. Bt«Bto«-06TO«««.part of to-day's paper.The Board of Aldermen met yesterda/,but trans-extracts from a recent speech of hia. He states* working friends in the North and West, whoare making capital for him b y claiming a Kansas, Missouri and Virginia; and it appears spiritual plan, which is by far the best for tbeBKTAHTW STW8TRBIS, V***nlM' BaU. 471 Broad v«V-BomuMeM,So«oaDoces,Ac.-WaComraoa actednobusinessofgeneralinterestthe question squarely in his opening. The con- from the testimony of Governor Robinson, pub- testiswithslavery;itisamoralevil,adeadlygreatdealofstrengthinadvance.WearelishedinSaturday'sHERALD,thatRealf,Hintonchurchandforhimtclf.IftherebeaCongresstaa Biua." ' • BIBLO'S "AIvOOB. B**a4we» -Oeo. Cnwrr't MiwThe Board of Councilmen disposed of a large amount of routine business last evening. The Compti oiler submitted a i . interesting statement oftold that delegations are pledged even before they have been selected. Of course, Mr. Dou- glas will have considerable strength at Charles- ton, as he had at Baltimore in 1852, and Cin-nished him by the metaphysical distinctions of cinnati in 1656. No one can tell exactly howthis strength will be distributed, or how much ofitwillcomefromtheSouthandSouthwest, which is the important, we may say the vital, point of the whole matter.for the arrangement of the affairs of Italy, the question may be resolved by that august body; but if there be no Congress, then tbe Emperor Napoleon will himself dispose of it. In fact, tbe progress of liberal ideas and the march of human freedom have made such giant strides oflate,thatsuchananomalyasthePopedom— half spiritual and half temporal—can no longerto Parliament by Lord Brougham; the great An-glo-French free trade movement,as attackedin bones,joints,Ac,93ofthebrain andnerves,7oflicans would involve i t friends and confidential agents as delegates atlarge from NewHampshire to theNational Redpath didwell torunawaywhenservedThe Court of Oyer and Terminer was adjourned The weather remained exceedingly fine; but on indisposition of Mr. Waterbury, the District At-correspondence contradicts that journal as toWe have files from Bermuda to the 1st instant.duced it, is only evidence that some Northern members, as well as some of those from thethe 28th ult a very heavy gnat of wind,lasting about twenty minutes,was felt at the Islandsbe- tweenhalfpast five andsixo'clockiathemorn- ing. Four soldiers of the Thirty-ninth regiment,The Issue a m i t h e Hairsplitting Sena- South, are violent, discourteous and unparlia- ton is between poor Pierce and Douglas. The is known and revered throughout England,hundredlaboreratothepopulationofthecolony. andfashioningthemforthelastfouryears. Upon the farm of tewere injury to the cane crop of In making the Issue on which they have deter- Louisiana from front, sugar had advancedfatDema mined to stand, they have made it for all par-We have Sandwich Islands papers to the Slatof cuss and dispute whether this or that dlstioc-December, but they contain nothing mere fanpor i the news received hy the werkad matt.At the latest dates from Kauai, the weather continued so dryaa to retardOur Port of Spain (Trmidad) flaw record Ike death of the Hon. J, 8. Walnwright, one of the**wt, without a difference, shall be advanced a tthe creed of the party-whether squatter sore-«»gnt»,o* taw jurtodiclton of tbe courts, or lence, which only serves to expose them to the qutte clear that it to the South and not the tbe Academy of Fins Arts. The Puritans ofnberof the Legislatureshouldbe administcrodto ^ ^ ^ «***violf nee and brutality, whereas, unfortunatelyas far as Congress has furnished an example. poor Pierce to turn over these little matters in Boston, walls the Quakers in Philadelphia was postponed till to-day. The struggle isOur Buenos Ayrea oorrespondent. writing underdate of December 11, *a*e» that in addition to the lieve that this shortsighted foBy on,ifbe. taw charge should rest equally upontbelr mtnds. They wlU not find the South so took exactly the opposite view. The provin- now between Defrees, the Weed candidate, and pltable Por tb« climate of Charleston so genial c'al newspapers generally praise the picture, Glossbrenner, the late Sergeant-at Arms, thea» they may hope just at present.interiorriverato the village of Cnyaha.In Congres- yesterday the death of Senator Bro- derick waa ofBctoly aMotrnced in both houses, and each adopted the customary resolutions. Eulogiesgive np the foolish antics they now cut under tbe belief that they are making an impression upon the country and t h e Camrleston Oonren-Edmundson, o f Dublin (Ireland), includingseem to be Che only ones for whom there Is subscriptions of friends>$150; the Haughtott the influence It exercises on the dvUtoattoa ofanything like powerful and effective election- family, $60; R. D. Webb, of Dublin, for self the world, or the immense numbers of people eering. They hare been prepared for the field and friends, $155; Madams Meynieu, o f Paris, who art interested in Its solution. Independentnthemostartisticway,andtheirchances beingtheonlysubscriberfromFranceorthe ofthemillionsofCatholicsallovertheworld—^ seemtobeabouteven,sofarasthenomination ContinentofEurope,$8. ThelistBOWpub- agreatproportion of whom areopposed isconcerned. lishedto only an instalment ofwhattoyet tothetemporaldominionofhisHoiiness—thereOn the other hand, the democrats, who hare to come through the operations of Fred. Dou- are thousands of other people watching the high hopes of ultimate success, whoever may glass. developement of the problem with the deepest*T*U* H Soaus, I n s e t s BBaiaaausa, AjC-Dowai* BSDDBDi m T B 8TREBT. one doer eart of Broadway.-Sotoaias stract of which will be found in our report of the killed. Taking advantage of the arms fur-T u n aT h (his companions. Governor Robinson swearsthat "Brown did not go to Kansas to settle, but cept the liberal terms offered him by tbe Em on account of the difficulties which he expect- peror of the French. The result will be that ed would extend until the country generally Italy, which will then be very neatly free shouldbecomeinvolvedandslaverybeabo- "fromtheAlpstotheAdriatic,"willbecon- lished. His object was not peace, but revolu- solidated and become the sixth great Power of tion,anddiffered inthisrespect fromthefree Europe. ThePope will exerciseaspiritualMALLS 10E EUROPE. B7wW X o r ksupposed to be the one seen in company with Mr. issue. If the republicans elect their President Iter Tuers on the fatal night, and Who subsequently gotmove with the democratic Senators has been made to help along this game. I f Davis could bring about poor Pierce's election, It would be the best thing for the Mississippi Senator thatSituated as his Holiness now to, he will before long find himself compelled to ac-lie present condition of the Stoking Fund, an ab-proceedings.No clue has as yet been obtained to the murder,democratic Senators, he winds up his perora-lution a n d servile insurrectionover the whole Southern States.might spread This is theirTRIPLE SHEET.New York, To«i4«jr, Febreuary 14,I860. Jaekman, and a report of the first day's proceed- subtle art of Wilson, nor the foolish ab-pitulation table gives 4 deaths of diseases of theNEW TOEK HERALD,TUESDAY, FEBRUARY entirely from1 4 ,1860.-TRD?LE the P r e -lition paper appears a list of the names veiopementsofsociallifeinthatcity,theexhi-PoBy," hi the river of Congress. Very of them, If oa July 11,1888, hy a Paraguayan war cot all, are their own self-elected tadsteamer. On December 6, the ship Parana arrived -elf-sufficient candidates tor the Ptosideacy, at Buenos Ayrea, bringing General John T. CoshmanofHuoBsip.i,Miniate totheArgentineConfede- andassucheachstrivestobecometbeheedofisalongthecoasttotheLaPlatoandthennpthe themselvesasothersseethem,theywouldsoontt m technically called among thetog rata of tat various factions, grows lition cause ta the United 8tatea—the etnas liar notoriety enjoyed by that of Mr. Page mors t a d most warm every day. W e hart of revolution by bloodshed, for which Its advo- would prove exceedingiy lucrative.already alluded, a t sasae length, to th e cates claim that John Brown died aoperationsintherepubUcancamp,whichtodi- Wefindthatthesumofsixflawjsstdration. He proceeded np the river to the steamerAsuncion oa Friday, the 9th of December. Hissecretary, George Lee Brent, Esq., of MchmoodVirgmhv,1adarrivedBeforehim,andhehastowill \becuriousexhibitions ofomta^hysicnllogio, in Bwawee Ayvef *er eoae weeka of allow ner- which mean nothiag, amount to nothing, tad vous fever. The Brasilian government has just do no goodwhatovor—notorea totaoeaadi* estebnehedalineofsteamersbetweenherextreme datesthemselves.Ifsomepowerwouldgive interiortown.Cnyaha,andheroapitaL Thepath them thegift that thepoetaskedfor,toseevided into two cliques—one engineered by old Blair, of Silver Springs, and going for Mr.Catholic World.on the life and character of the deceased were de tion.ltvered in the Senate hy Messrs. Hann, Seward, The great Issue that is to be fought over batFoster and Toombs, and in the House by Messrs.been stated over and over again by the repub-AMD—urrTHISsvxinjra. STIBLOSGARDES,LAURA sranrt THEATRE, m Bn»a»»y.-JiAJ»M a complete list of the acta that have passed both will continue to preach it until the eight or ten men have been named prominent-w a r n s GARDES, Sroaewsr OUTBSenate yesterday. In the Assembly several bills were introduced; among them one for a railroad in Tenthavenueandotherstreets,sadoneauthorisingprintedit,andsixty-eightrepublicanmembers of Congress endorsed it t year sinco; John Brown practised it, and has become the martyr and ssiat of the party. Theodore Parkerbe taken up a t Charleston, are gradually set-interest B u t although there Is a thick sort ofBnrch,Haakin,Hickmanandothers,TheHouse licanleadersandorators.Sewardproclaimed ballottodthriceforaPrinter,withouteffectinga itatRochestereighteenmonthssince;Helperchoice.Nothing of importance occurred in the StateeraofMr.W.L.Tuers.TheCoroner'sinvestiga- tionwithaflingattheextensionofslavery, tion commenced yesterday morning before Coroner not directly a t i t s existence. But neither theownconfession,madetoMr.Robinson,aleaderof the free State men of Kansas, who thus cor-into astage in Whitehall street The person so ar- the constitution is to be interpreted as an anti- Ttaa Cunard atail tttamahip Asia, Opt. Lott, will leave rested, Mrs. Sarah J. McClester, of No. 176 East slavery instrument, and to be administered asthat port to morrow, for Liverpool AomaltotarEuropawlBcloselathiscityatleao'clockto-morrow morningIke eWaor**Ji Enmos o» m HJDULD will be pebltohMwill ooeabina tbe news received by matt and telegraph at tee onto* daring tbe previous week and np to tbe boor of pabttoaUoa.The News. Our(IleabytheCanadabroughtusfulldetailsofrara was regretted. The announcement of his pre- sence, no doubt, was the cause of the full attend-family tie, every hope of leaving our presenttion; but the Democratic Standard, printed at rial and Lecompton State government at the any other hierarchy to stop the progress of theFOBS political school within thontdo of th» party, in order to be admitted as •*•**•*• • • * to prepare the wmy for Ms nonttahtlon. H e w *was contributed la all, a large proportion of the amount being from England. Among the subscribers are:—Thomas and Esther Sturge, o fa»ta>a*The revolution to commercial circles in Europe, caused by the bold Ires trade policy of Napoleon the Third, had the effect of hidingThistoanattemptmadetorevolutionizethe WIIUCK1VHEATRE,Broadway.-RoaaiwaO*AthebecondAvenueCompanytoextendtheirline postulatedit,andWendellPhillipsandJoshuatlingdowntotheprogrammeofoperationsUnitedStatesbyBritishsubscriptions,andnebulositystillsettlingovertheEternalCity, - IOVM HA*. and construct new tracks. We publish elsewhere R. Giddings are now preaching it, and not unlike that of the other side. A s many as the recipients of the money here openly invito the question of the temporal sovereignty of thehouse, together with a list of the measures intro-BWOADWAT BOPDOIS, 444 mJ«|raT.-aiu.T-Ooo» duced directly bearing upon the citizens of New lican party possesses, whose master wasdell, a n dJeff. Davis,from t h eWaroeauee B o n - t a n F »rr Has. rot KTa-PiDDf MUM' Ber.the floor of the Senate within the past three BARWtrarsAMBRI"*"wtrfiBmi,Broadway.-Aftar finances.Wepublishthisdocumentinanother weeks. WegiveinanothercolumnseveralTHB*T»« rRa.Rcam.aw nwi4m.-i.orHwTM «.I»LI*-C* Tieaa DO Baaeaia.York,At the meeting of the Board of Supervisors yes-terday an important report was received from thePierce are the chief candidates in the field. Mr.Douglashasmanypowerfulandhardand y e t they found their spiritual charge tered upon hisrevolutionary crusadein aratherdifficultmatterinitself. Ittoplain that Pius tbe Ninth baa to come back to the oldComptroller, showing the condition of the city'sis in evidence, was in England before heen-November elections haro taken place. Senator Wilson, one of the most elo- quent stump speakers t h e black repub-ropean nations generally, to attack this country,which they guarantee wUl become their easyprey on account of its weak spot—slavery—which only wants a breath of pure air wafted Pepin. In those good old times the succes- across from the other side of the Atlantic to fan sors of St Peter had not a rood of It into an unquenchable flame. John Brown, it land that they could call their own,sin, a covenant with hell; it is growing strong, and must be weakened; it is extending, and must b e restricted; i t is living, and must beand Kagi, Phillips and Redpath, who were aiding John Brown in Kansas, were foreigners, and that their mission was to prevent peace in the Territory, in order that the flamesof revo-tion.athalfpastnineo'clocktattiemoraing Single copie*in bandandotherwitnessesinregardtoherself,willbe This is revolution. Thisiscivilwar. This morethan a puppet in Davis'hands. Poorwrapper*,tlxeaata. fonndtobethemostimportantpartoftheinvesti- isthedestiuctionoftheprincipleofself- Pierce'sfriendsareveryhardatworkinhis Statemengenerally. Theonlyotherperson ruleoverthisnewconfederationoftwenty-Sobeerlptlons and advertisementa for an/ edition of Use gation. The inquest will be resumed to-morrow government, and the proclamation that a small own State. The general election there comes who avowed to the witness a similar object was seven millions of people; and the Italians, who NawYouHMULDwillbereceivedattbefoUowiMplaoea morning. partshallgovernthewhole. Thisistheinau- offnextmonth—justinseasontooperateon JamesRedpath. Afterhehadlostallhopeof arenowsotestyandillhumoredunderhisings will be found in another column. The onlynew feature in the case is the arrest of a woman other ambitious democrats, can change the engineering for poor Pierce, and that his new Kansas Herald of Freedom as to Brown andstractions o f Douglas, Jefferson Davis a n dMeanwhile, it is believed that Jeff. Davis isanother Englishman—and the statements of theTwenty-eighth street, the stage driver positively an abolition compact The army and navy ofidentitiesastheonewhogotintohisomnibusonFri- theUnitedStatesaretobeusedforthework couldhappentohim,nexttobeingPresident day night. Her evidence, as well as that oMier hus- begun with John Brown's pikes. himself; for poor Pierce would be nothingtaSwapa>-Lomo* 8aaapsoa Low, 3oa * Oo., 4? Ladgate HH1 Lansing, Starr k C>., 74 King William streetTurn Lanaiag, Baldwin fc Co., 8 place de la Bourn. Lmowooi- .Lansing, 3t»rv &Oo., No 9 Chapel atreetR. Stuart, 10 Exchange atreet, East, Hives Lansing, Baldwin It Co., 11 roe OornoiDe. fLuorao .Da Chapeaarnnge A Co.Tbe ooBtemta of tea Erjaoraai Como* or rati HOUJU> The absence of the colored minister from Dema- breaking up every bond of the Union, every persist in denying that he desires the nomina- opposition to taking possession of the Territo- will be impossible for the Catholic church orParliament by an English free trader and defendedby the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the report vessels, 178 of the lungs, throat, &c, 5 of old age, AND EDMTNDSON DIFFICXLTT.—Some of the way the wind blows. The Standard states that made to compel his attendance, on account withthe musty themes of theology and polemics. of the French Minister of Finance to the Emperor. 64 of diseases of the akin and eruptive fevers, 4 black republican journals of this city are Pierce's psesent game is the same which he of the prevailing disaffection in Boston, and the Their mission is exclusively to the souls ofBythearrivaloftbebrigEchoatthispert,westillbornandprematurebirths,36ofdiseasesofthe endeavoringtomakeanexcitementout playedatBaltimorein1852;thathisexpedi- sympathyfarJohnBrown.Hehasescapedmen;andwhilemenhavetolabortoearnthe generative organs, 16 of the heart and bloodTHE ABOLITION PRESS UPON THE HICEMAN Convention, and other straws that show which with a subpoena, which could not be legislator, but are especially designed to dealhavebeenputinpossessionofHaytiennewstothe stomach,bowelsandotherdigestive organs,47ge- "topartsunknown,"whichtellsatale for the Slat ult. The principal topic of the newspapers neral fevers, and 18 from violent causes. The na- of the recent personal conflict at Washington tion to Bermuda is a mere " ruse to gull thetheir bread by the sweat of their brow, they ofthatdatewasInregardtothehangingofthe tivitytablegives325nativesoftheUnitedStates between Mr.Edmundson,ofVirginia,andMr. flats,"andsoon. TheStandardtoopposedto loyalty ofMassachusettstotheUnionandthe will neverbebroughttosubmittoanyrulersBates,ofMissouri, tadtatotherworkedby Northfleet,England, $1,000;Mrs.ELPayne,ofTburlow Weed, in the Interest of Mr. Seward.Johnson, andSouth; Lane and^Douglas from the West, andbefore the era o f Coustantine and ofAnantislaverymeetingwasheldlastevening gurationofthereignoffanaticismandfrenzy. Charleston;andiftheycanmanagetocarry temporalrule,willbeloyal,patientandobe- In the Church of the Puritans, corner of Fifteenth accomplishing his object, he related to thestreet and Union square. The meeting was pre- It will sweep over this Union like a whirl- the State for the democracy, they think they witness the designs of himself and some others dient to him as their spiritual shepherd. Piuacan have matters in the National Conventionlata hour. The Bev.Dr. Rogers addressedthe and bloodshed in every quarter, destroying their own way. The home organs of poor few were in their secret, although many fall back upon the position of thesided over by Mr. Gilbert, and continued up to a wind over a prairie on fire, scattering flamesmeeting, and was followed by several gentlemen. property in the North as well as the South, and Pierce—the Concord Patriot and Boston Post— were operating with them. The reason of his Popes in the time of Charlemagne; and itConcord, is out with an article which positivelyance. Owingtopressofmatterweareprecluded craticSenatorsandthepartylooktheeviland aversthatPierceisinthefieldforthesuccession. anendtothedisturbances,andconsequently popesandprieststomorethanenoughforthem, to-dayfromgivingafullreportofthemeeting. the danger square intheface,and,throwing Theproofstosupportthisassertionaretherecent tohishopesofrevolution. Henceheandthose withoutdabblinginthescienceofhumangov-According totheCityInspector's report,there overboardsuchfoolish hairsplittersasDouglas publication of the correspondence between with him,who were chiefly reporters ofthe ernment, of which they canknow nothing.inheritance to our children. L et the demo-ballot box was because he saw in such a policy world for the future. The spiritual mission oftheEuropeannewstothe28thult,telegraphed were455deathsinthecityduringthepastweek, andDavis,takeupthedefenceoftheconser- PierceandthemembersofhisCabinet,which Trainedandeducatedinconventsandinclois- from Halifax, which has already appeared in the a decrease of 15 as compared with the mortality of press, made war upon all who were likely toHRRALD. Wepublishto-dayaninterestingri$um6 heweekprevious,and10morethanoccurreddur- vativecauseandsavethecountryfromthe wasexhumedafterhavingbeenburiedmore aidinsecuringquiet,inordertodestroytheir ters—shutoutfromthegreathumanizingin-ofthecottonandslaveryquestions,aspresented ngthecorrespondingweeklastyear.Thereca- ruininwhichtherevolutionaryblaokrepub- thanthreeyears;thechoiceoftwoofhis influencewiththepeople."fluenceswhicharecontinuallyatworkInthe world about them—they are not fit to grapple with the duties of the statesman andthe78ofIreland,27ofGermany,andthebalanceofva* Hickman,ofPennsylvania,arisingoutofsome Pierce,anddeclaresthathetoasmuchofa constitution. Hewill probablyturnupin butthosewhoarewillingtoadvancewithtraitorJohnBrown. Ithadcreatedunusualexcite-ment Oneofthepapers,LeProgres,appeared riousforeigncountries. offensiveremarksofthelattermadeinthe traitortothedemocracyashisfriends,Forney, EnglandcheekbyjowlwithFredDouglass. theprogressiveimpulseoftheage. Priestlyin mourning forthe"martyr." Onthe20thofWe are informed by a note from E. Cunard, Esq., House. These papers would represent it as and Hamilton of Maine, both of whom have He and the other Englishmen engaged in the rule being entirely opposed to this, their placesJanuary, to use the language of the paper abovenamed, a mass waa chanted in commemoration that the report from Sandy Hook, in yesterday another Brooks and Sumner assault, and at- gone over to the enemy. Pierce's nomination must be filled by those who will encourageIn-"of the frightful martyrdom of the abolitionist in collision with something," is incorrect Herwould " swamp the democratic party irretriev- and Exeter Hall. John Brown got the princi-impulse to a country's developement The oldCatholic idea, as we all know, has always beenrestrictive. TotheCatholicchurchithasbeen nothingbutgoodpictures,goodstatues,John Brown, by the infamous ruffians of the Southern portion of the American Union." All thepapersdevotemuchspacetoeditorialsonthe generalsubject,besidesfulldetailsofthehanging; indeed, the papers arte so enthusiastic on the sub- ject that matters of more importance are totally neglected. The country appears to be quiet, and thegovernmentisvigorouslypursuingitsmeasures of improvement and amelioration.rencontre between two individuals—Edmund- ably; it would fall like the pall of death uponmorning'spapers,thatthe"steamshipEtnahadbeen tempttodrawtheinferencefrom thispersonalbowsprit was carried away in the gale on Friday off George's Shoals.ThetrialofDavidBeach,whowaschargedwithforging a check for $3,100 on Robert Bonner, wasconcludedyesterdayintheGeneral Sessions. The theentireSouthresponsibleforthehasty,foolish the same purpose, is said very emphaticallypal portion of his funds from England to carry on the revolution; and Lerd Brougham, we hear, istoagitatethesubject intheBritishParlia-jury failed to agree upon a verdict, and were dis- chargedatseveno'clocklastevening.and reprehensible conduct of a few individuals,chargingtheSouthwithbrutality,violenceand is, no reelection, no restoration—one termand very good souls. But these ideas the subject indicated b y the London Times. are now motheaten, exploded and decayed,torney.West are concerned, Mr. Buchanan being po-for the Charleston Convention and the coming nominee of the democratic party.saying that the State of Virginia had beenare endeavoring to smooth his path in advanceson and Hickman—that an organized assault isdesignedbySouthernmembersupontheir itsinevitabledefeat HecouldnotcarryaNorthernfellowmembers;andtheywouldholdsingle free State." Ail this, and much more to ment, in order to counteract the reaction on by our Concord cotemporary, whose platform The report o f the Anti-Slavery Society, whichandcannolongerstandintheteethoftheen- lightenment of mankind.But although the Pope must be shorn of his temporality and his mimic sovereignty, yet his position will be a desirable if not an enviable one. Falling back upon the great old city oftors—The Platform* Already Made. mentaryintheirlanguage. lattertoworkingsecretly,while theformer is eveninthekitchensandcottages. OurservantsOur Washington correspondents advise us In this instance Mr. Hickman charged the oiling, and curling, and cutting, and shaving read all that has appeared about him with an its intellect, its architecture, its science-one of them a sentinel on duty at the time, hadstolen a government beat and proceeded to sea in a caucus in order to manufacture a platform with cowardice, poltroonery, and so forth,all that sort of thing, which is manifestly unjust yesterday to this morning, in consequence of the This recent collision, and the cause which pro-accompanies the list o f subscriptions, says itsPresidents.It appears, then, that, so far as the North and the changed tempet of Great Britain towardsabolitionism. One letter "from a leading mind sitively out of the way, the choice at Charles- ia London."says:—"The name of John Brownthat the democratic Senators had been holding South generally, and Virginia in particular, and dressing himself—making his politicalher. Theyhadbeenoutafortnightandwerenot heard from. Governor Murray was daily expected on his returnfromEngland.FromBarbadoes,onthe11th ult,welearnthatthecaneswererapidlyfeaturing,andsugarmaking seethatthedemocraticSenatorssolittleunder- whichMr.Edmundson,ofVirginia,thoughtpne- losopherswhoaredoingalltheelectioneering. would be very general throughout the island by stand the position of the country and them- per to regent by a personal attack upon Mr. With one or two exceptions, the wirepullers the end of that month. Gov. Hinds had returned selves as to undertake such useless labor. In Hickman, in which he was restrained by Mr. for Douglas and poor Pierce live in the Northfrom England. The return of sugar exported in doing so they act not like statesmen, but like a Keitt and Mr. Breckinridge, gentlemen who and West, and represent no Southern strength. 1889 shows 39,695 hhde. A service of church sfl- parcel of children. They do not see the great have some experience in affairs of this kind, Pierce's men are nearly all from New England, vsr. worth £250, waa stolen out of the ve »try room tacts that loom up before them and over- and who have learned prudence by that expe- which would not give an electoral vote for thefrightened by seventeen white men, five negroesWeare sorryto see this. Weare sorryto andacow,orsomethingtothateffect—language notseemtohaveoccurredtothe politicalphi-cheap publications have borne the facts o f the more testing than t h e brazen memo- affair into the humblest peasants' cottages in rial spoken of by one of the mostoftheCathedralonthe26thDecember,including shadowthewholecountry. Theyhaveyet rience.Sometimeprevious,Mr.Pryor,ofVir- angelGabrielifherunonthedemocratictick- lishpublicsentiment—nottheTimes."the collection taken, no on Christmas day. There to learn that the issue on which the ginia, in the course of a speech, used unparlia- et. They are either placeholders or ci-devant All this, however, does not get rid of the factwaaa surplus i* the treasury or £37,S99. * coming fight is to be made, and the plat- mentary andimproper language to Mr. Hick- spoilsmen, who hope to get another dash borne witness to by the London Times, that the People would flock toRome—like the Mahom-W* tive received Demarara flies of papers to forms upon which the candidates are to be man, designating some statement of his as at the Presidential kitchen, which was so fat Britbh West India Islands have been destroyed medansto Mecca—from every part of the civil- die7thJanuary.Twovessels,withcooliesfromplaced,havebeenformedandcompleted.The "false;"andbecausehisconductwascom- byabolition.Does"Englishpublicsenti-izedglobe.ThatsplendidcitywouldformCaicatta, and one with Portuguese immigrantsfrom Madeira, had arrived, adding nearly seven blaok republican leaders have been working atin Forney and Sidney Webster's time. Douglas the greatest world's fair that has ever mented upon in a moderate fashion, he became to a little better off, but not much. In the ment" desire the same fate for half the States of been known under the direction and con-savage,andabusedeveryonethatcamenear NorthandWestthereareafewdoubtful this,Union? Meantime,mightitnotbeaswell trol of thePope. ItwouldbeaBar- bim. A confederate from another Southern States; and such is the demoralization of the for the British abolitionists, of both high and nam's Museum on a large scale, without State followed up the quarrel by moving the democracy that the number does not increase low degree, to expend alittle of their sympathy any of the humbug of Barnum's enterprise.rara, and speculators were shipping that article to ties. That Issueto the abolition of slavery, im- expulsion from the House of the reporters of a materially by the lapse of time. Count out and their money on the serfs of their own All the magnificent paintings, sculptures, and theUnitedStates. mediate or eventual, and the preservation paperwhichveryproperlyandtruthfullytryled NewYork,NewJersey,Pennsylvania, Indiana countryand themiserableobjectswhichmeet otherworksofart,oftheancientaswellasthe Antiguapaperstothe7thulthavebeenre- of the Union byforce. This to the Mr.Pryor'slanguageunparliamentary. andIllinois,andthefreeStatesareirretrieva- theeyesofalltravellershitheirtowns,whom modernschool,wouldbebroughttogether,ceived. The House of Assembly, after seven years" proclamation of a violent revolution, The truth to, that members of Congress, bly lost to the democratic party. The man, the author of "Alton Locke," one of their ownexistence,bad oeen dtesolved.snd writs hwoed for which cannot be consummated in this country from the North and the South alike, art too whomsoever he may be, that to put up at writers, describes as "savages, without the re- and to the elaboration of such a great civilis-the election of a mew Legislature. without the utter destruction of society in fif- Wehava advices from Jamaica dated at Kings-ton on the 26th ult A nmcantae paper aays:- teen Southern States of the Union, and a cor- »'Atalrbuahaesahasbeendoaeinourmarketsince respondingbreakingupintheNorthernStates.Beforesuchasissueasthistheretobutonepo- si'ion to take and b u t one platform on which tobland,andthaiIsa unitedand unhesitatingsources of a savage—slaves, without the pro- ing work, the Pope and his cardinals would find abundant a n d useful occupation. Theytortfortnight Ttaar*Ta!ehaveb*e. very limit•d, and stocks, in conanqueoce, having beei small,tbeoperationshavenotbeenroreed. weeonakfcrthat the transactions have been aatiamctorv end opposition to the revolutionary schemes of the made oo s more healthj basis than ordinarftj...prone to make words used in debate on public Charleston, will owe his nomination, as well a squestions the subject of personal difficulties, his election—if he should be elected—to South- tection of a master—to whom the cartwhip and could then well afford to leave temporal thanwhichnothingcanbemoreabsurd.It ernvotes;aadtheSoutherndelegates,not thericeswampwouldbeachangeforthebat- princestotakecareofthemselves;andwhenWe have news from Havana to the loth hast market remained about as previoaelyblack republican party.When grave Senatorsmeet in caucus to refine•parcelof metaphysical abstractions, and dis-scend to offensive language in debating upon wirepullers may imagine. As the bulk of thegreat Issues such as that now agitating the democratic vote, pure aad simple, must come principal cities and towns throughout the Charles the Fifth did in the sixteenth century;and as earthly scenes begin to fade from their sight, h e could calmly step forth from h is great modern museum to soften their dying pillows and to help them forward on their way to Heaven. This will be a more glorious work than being compelled to shed the blqpd of the faithful, as at Perugia.THE PCBUC PWKTIHO SCKAMBIX.—The House made an effort yesterday to elect a Printer. Thereweretwoballots,whenthedeathofSena-bed^ed^tg.ri',tW ^ to their antagonist bwsw p r o e ^ f t ? ^unjust aad partial censure of abolition jour- nals, which are only too glad of the opportu nity t o throw the onus of individual error upon the entire Soatb, and misrepresent every affairNorth which will select the candidate. The South has the game in its own hands, aad the delegates from that section will n o t b e such fools as to be blind to their own advantage.the Yankee Athens, who claim a greater de- gree of Catholicism In art than can bs found elsewhere In the country, declared that there was nothing indecent or impure in this picture, theworkoftaartistwhohadbeenencouragedlerchenteintheWent etltutloBtoan •na.aUvW^i!SL^C<T of that character atta evidenceofSouthernPerhapsitwouldbs justaswell forthead- and patronized bysoms of the first menin tor Broderickwas announced, and thematter herents o f Mr. Douglas and the supporters o fand ihat they will attain its po£&ible,andsoadministerIt Wesptoit,both sections of the country.wouldbewellif speakerscouldconfine them-selves within the limits of courtesy and parlia-mentaryroles,andittomoat unseemlytode-being mere politicians whocount on being placeholders o f some grade, high or low, will not be found such convenient tools astheter—forthere,atleast,arefoodandshelter." diplomatsgrow old andenervated—UkeMetUntitled Documentthe editors see nothing impure about it, and man who kept the members in funds duringabusiness are in the pay of the British aristo-cracy,andareemissaries from StaffordHouse dustry, foster commerce, and give thewidestthe democratic party of the North, a n d insureof those who have totntlijuttt to the abo- bition of a picture which has attained the pecu-Bolton, do., $110; Miss Whitiegge. of Manches-Tat object of both these experienced politi- ter, do., $00; Mrs. Stephens, of Bristol, $230; the Pope from view for alittle time. But BOWciansappearstobetomaketatchoiceoftat WilliamRobson,ofBarriagtoa,$175;Mrs.thatthenewcommercialsystemhasbesadelegatestoChicagofalluponBatesorSewardby consolidating their respective strength Leeds, $136; Andrew Patoa, of Glasgow, excitementhaspassedsway,aadtheoldques- upon those candidates to the exclusion of all $175; Mrs. Wlgham, of Edinburg, including tion once more arises—what to to become of others. Tat republicans have a very plentiful the subscriptions of her friends, $260; Mrs. the Pope and the Popedomt The question to crop o f candidates, b u t Seward a n d Bates one of vast Importance, whether w e considerThorp, of Halifax (Eng.), $110; J. Lupton, offairly inaugurated, much of the surpriseaadBritish and French arms, and the anna of Eu- Pope may be said to be already settled. Hiadecessorsroborates the admissions of Colonel Forbes— be pet mitted to stand in the way of civiliza-who were operating with him. E e said but the Ninth will ttius be necessitated toavidity and sympathy and admiration of his and its art, his Holiness will be able toilet,infact, forCharleston,while hisfriends characterwhichIcouldnotdescribe,whilethe to build up for himself a monumentThere is one circumstance, however, which doesfrom the South; as Mr. Douglas has declared thatcountry, and, judging from the journals, Its ex- hibitor has made rather a good business opera-country. Language such as that employed b yMr. Hickman was, no doubt, calculated to ex-asperate Southern members; but our advice to platform, whoever he and whatever it may be; tion of i t In Boston the picture was admitted these gentlemen to, not to allow themselves to as the conservative vote of the North may be within the classic portals of the Athenaeum; be provoked Into any display of personal vio- relied on by the South in any event, then tt is but at Philadelphia it was rigidly ruled out ofha will accept tin Charleston candidate andallpartsofthekingdom."Another letter says:—"As to the feeling in England, you cannot doubt it is entirely with you.'' The report adds:—"All our English correspondence shows that the Daily Xews and the Morning Advertiser are the organs of Eng-favored poets of ancient Rome. By con- tenting himself with theexercise ofhis spiritual authority, he will find time to collect all the ancient wonders and curiosities of the Eternal City—to concentrate them in some central focus, and to make the Seven Hilled City thegreatmuseumoftheworld. Whatatri- umphant work would this b e for the Pope.ternich—the Pope will be there to his turn, a s that Page's "Venus" has been shown to the a spiritual rock, for them to fall back upon, asTHE FINE ARTS INTHEPROVINCES.—We seeRome, with all its historic recollections, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 