 T__;thinks that ittell when that request was madeviewsBurch in Mr. Burch's tweenMrs.BurchandmyselfastotheUbertieBItook with her; presume that Mrs. Burch placed her foot on^'happened. From February, 1858, to September, 1850, Narel Carrespondeaeo Betweea tfco lierer Mr. Beckwith told her she could' ^Maoqaerade—TeattBoBT of Mr. BarcVereturn to ber, as not to do injustice to either that it was of had given me,resumed. ThenotUag ttaeaamer.tf«p«>kigvisited the learned of the reports wUeh this youne lady haddence for theof theright to object to It as evidence Boyd'sminntes faiftntttlepresenttheygogoas a~,'7' ^^vi^^^^t^r*^«IHPH,BSVke l»p"»»«H"«ISSSHJ^-S^^e»«the CM>* '^•>Mr. Caulfield read tbe erosa-examlnatlan, opon haddoneso; Ithoawareotherpersonspresentwhen nothelpbeingrieb." Witnessthen•snsioH.publicof depositionof consolation. He is exasperat-~day with Mrs. Mather. Stuart did not visit Mr. Burch'sboys;foundinformed me that my letters were destroyed of her letters were sent through the PdstHjtficesignificance could definepressure motive inM Ifossan- to"—MT nojaanaBetween the Fall of 1857 to and: from February, ISMS,Interrogatoriesinteresthappinessfor all futture Ume, I shalllee wtM Bofeh before fta^mained in theof Mr. Burch, occasionally visit-Miller, commencing the Introduction complainant, proceededBoyd, Beckwith,says Chicago,shouldCUcago,;ayaar ifrit oC—ilnjiiil IIIsaw him there ha came frequently,me." sentbackthearticles,andBffltCg B«»0«C« CASK.DUtiEalaTf/lead. AboatttadtbiMmyttav lady cameSere-avl tbeaatatkiKwbleb oaiMalie centered on *"??J^j!J'*''P'>A>ayaMB fhose children wltb- ton; becaUsd In tbe nxnalu, sad lbs. BaiabfS- eoimt'ef ay ofeettov 4br any oOet pawn; she wasBOtrieh." «»• soM, No^°*visitstbe houa,iBniaiiKtfMmu, Taesdsy,Mr. CarlylesomeBurch; had nointimacywith Mrs.had not seenberftrNov. 20, 1860. of the Oonrt tUi moming, Mn. •nt appwiance dnca tba oomitaence- «f tiM tiW. She was aoeompanled by ber She • plain UatA salt, wlttioat oraamentSeptember, 1859, to January, 1800, tUs young lady re-Mr.of Chicago, subject to a reservation byBlight ground beyond measure,andthat you and be cannotand de:k< had 'been properly arranged, Ike jwet* all called, and all the necessary prellmlna- Vr. Miller, of Chicago, commenced theparlor to get itcalled for a book, and witness Burchseemeddispleasedatbeingalways eveningtannbssfcr the praeeention.VS. nu.xB'B opnmie roK thi pbosecution.minded, lionoraliie gentleman, the first thing she did and a half together at that time Mr, Stuart came on written invitation of Mrs.Burch;satisfactorily as If I had returned themI have not one aelllsh regret that you ahould have confessed to your hnaband all fliat bare oceniredtreee with nearly Joy,all theor thatftttkWBm ooDuiMnaedby addreadng the jury, that r might be tanpresaed with the importaoee of thev ahonld not lixget that the case was toMr. Blller objei^ to the reading of the letter. Mr. Beckwlth protwsed simply to state the contents;lw4wMW span the ertdeaoe just as Qiey would de-graperyMrs. Bureh washowever small, of ttie affeetkn irtiiah shoaU haveThere were trrelerant statements in the answer which hadBoyd;yourChicaqo,After I sentthe letter, a line was brought to myttwaatheirdotyto trythis casewith the sameBurchI have retumed everything in my possessioiL"Matteson Mrs, ;nw;to me about loving me, and she has statedettfaneMies Marywere to school.upsomea tinsmith TheCoronerwasunableat Ifo.yesterday psoeaiaBorbe received so often—Mr. Burch supposing that j(aMt«|aitadliis nieces. The visits, however, con-that that the charge of adultery was a falsehood. day,the otherfbiohtined, ib a tkbbiblk fillow.were withered, and be did what «*eiy man would be compelled to do. He returned1859band did not make as mucii of a pet of her as he usedwasI willingly submitted to the whole burden of the injured man^Iliisearthlyhopesand could show that Mr. Stuart was not at;between andhim supposed, youterJ«rT-C»m«eiioe.bo^r2~-2r2*fsT th« VewToTk Tliass. NApnTiLU, m., Twaday, Nor, SO, 1860. ThisgotoAlbanyandre- neeeasary; that Mr, Caulfield had told her that aa ahe waa to be a wltneaa in the case she ought to have all tbe Ughta on tbe aubject solyMlMSepoTtwaet DAT—AfTSKROOK BtBBIOS.Mr.Stuaitdidnotvisitthehonae. Howcamethat!Ddthe at turntoMr.BurchIf iBjarad Haabaad—Hn. Bnrchher Bnrch on Jan. IIimele, Hou Emtoi Cornlns.Mr. David Stuart at Mr. Burch's housefrom<^iir'klUi-mai, heyoAd an appearance of nttled.Mrs.morning and evening,had noThe simple question was to decide It was the statement of the right in-;Ino excuse none would be received, nor could t>e ofall circum- tfce 'question presented in the pleadings. What was stances alleged to criminate her prior to that time, andported weaMty,last.dispelledalone with Mrs. Burch a few momentascold Stuart about thetbe contonts ofgha niiaaHiiiiT^Med,andthe remedyclaimed4f#»4alkBdant to answer, and, if denying, to deny;of my recollectionthe letterBurch, exen"t that eBaeTS;on the occasionconversation with Burrill, Imd aald, What vnTrtrfand it was the duty exceptpresencegaveMr. Stuart called and stayed aloneand she aleajly. The loae wa« to be ascertained from tbe gnmediately told mm in a letter that she had doneof the at Buirlll'a Mrs, liorch mentioned that partydo if ;aStuart seemed to love Mrs. Burch VWBat was that issue t Has the defendant,;smother morningmet her at the Metropolitan Hall on tbeoccasion of" lookingI have practiced no deceit on you, nor"Shoot him deadW. beenIfary Burch, guiltying his pardon. What did Mr. Burch do !town, but put the duty upon his feeble little wife,the fair, by previous appointmenthaye met her in even In thought done willful wrong," But at Bnrch she told the witness she though thera youof adultery during mentioned In the complaint, with one David 'Msatt, and other persons not known to the com- yWnaat. And anbaeqnently she had been charsed;W. Turner, and had livedat home all that day. Mrs. Burch spent most of the;to the time of the alleged adultery. In w:of1859or1860theniecesofMr.Burch;myputting myarm around her"«fl Bnrch discovered In his wife Mr.the ladies in the eveningMrs. Burch remaining In the library with Mr. Stuart recollect contents of my:Boyd was viiitlng not his nieces, but his Mr. Burch was surprised and aston-the window so that thosecorrespondence expressed pleasure;liad passed ; tliat pres- ^i4» ted passed between them, the grossest '^^Siarities nad been allowed, and be at once feared flMt Us wUetiad fallen. Although satisfied that bis thebrinkofruin,bedidnotbo- ese Us wue liad fallen. Ottier circumstances led M» to suppose that the real cause of the matter was;subjecther letters were mainly commenced corifideneeletters tbe 3roang man and his wifeto find.this ;tliatthoughtabttsedyourWifehadiB eircamstances prior to the intimacy with Boyd. party,toit Ihaveafreadystatedtoyou,andalsotoyour husband, that I have destroyed everything re- cited,approachedMrs. Burch had an invitation to a party which she at-tended until 12 P. M., and Mr. Stuart was at the same "of other letters; letters generally commenced ply myand a he atraek BOD picking up malletCbcmnstances pomted to David Stuart, Mr. Burch's lawyer. Circumstances showed that between Stuart andnis wife gross faailiiaritles had been allowed, andthought theywhen alone; when Mrs. husbaadonly spoke aboutthink she stated that she sometimes was in-only your feeungs,I shall have destroyed instead of return-Buim went to the grocery -store. No. 80 Nassan-atraeL and called for a glass of beer. Before he coold drtaui it, however, he tottered to a chafr and sank down ia- sensible, remaining in that condition for at least ItUs wile confesaed that she had had criminal «oimection with David Stuart on numerous occ^isions,certain of the meeting of the Historical Society night"Oh, Maggie, I mustwere seated in herparlorat that time;no one wasIf your husband doubts It, Astothecauseswhichledtoyourso.laaliyShiarthadcrimijialintercoursewithher. Mr.Burch;" she said she had been a naughty woman, presentthink butourselves thatwasinNovember,confessiontoyourthe reportedof wldofc -time thetheyUs wUs to her home, and instituted a bill for a legal Burch's house that nightthat sheance. It asI rested,was from removedWlislsliiiii If, in tliat first moment of agonv, he bad young ladles, accom^nled by;that"likelyyour your chargeihat d^nm lier destroyer, the world would ikre saidfiat he was justified. If he was on trial for tliat act gentlemen, and, before they left Stuart's house, Mr.;consciousneaatake ofenough, his death resulted as steted. Meantime, CBewisivao one would have attempted to iiyure him on a trUl of fliat Issae. But the question now was simp- %r wk^tber he was now entitled to be separated; think jnaddition to which is not myown,having2(BItis wlte. The early periods of the law punished^^auriad of the woman;know the parties to the suit five or six years recollect parfy at Mr. Rumsay's, who lives on theA$90sitlononthe part theparru;e;i«cn7nifU5: property. Moneywhich we sat the door was ;;;•mu9)ge Me diow. allowed, Ihe part of Mrs. Burch, come down anyconsummation;that dur-tbehalldid not notice anyone near meA Uttle chUd of.TheyWhen theywith Mrs.for the youngbow long Stuart was alone with Mrs. Burch that time;testimony of Fanny Burchbiswife wastranafwredtosDOtbar. Theywoalden- out «Mr dnbr sMMtcelved Urn In the were In the green-boose.never toM Ae that onyifitsoB bad token•' •**•»«*•Trtml—I«ere«a»«OpartMgof actaofgreatimprudence,onnunwrousoeoaskms.anddeavo; io show that, trnumeroas aets ofCamlllailty,liberties with ber,taSSi^ beb«i^i3t TMteonly forgotten his wife, given Conn adjeumed bam la until S. to another. At tids time a singular circumstancesee any one who could tell her of ber ohildren: ttiat myIn the Fall of 1857 goes to Mr. Bnrrlll, her intimate friend, and aays that she had seen Mr.1800, me to requestingtbe openingoftheCourttheMr, Burrill told Mr. Stuart, and Mr, Stuart denying it. In- liidl>9<nMlMted.TheprocanoflmpaiuieUiig dignantlyceasedgoingtothebouse. Andstillhesndc<Bicliuii» of ay npoit,ilMi'iiiiltiniiiil. and tte oompIetioB of tbe jury occn-SECOND NAPxavoLi,IU.,Wednesday,Nov.21,I860.tnat pairty^•te |an)nas itear as I can recol-Mr, Burch remaued intimate fHends, Mrs, Burch A few momenta were be- telling any one what Mr. Beckwith or Mr. Caulfield " My Injured husband has not been unmindful of man in the" Levaynterday,DAY-Ammooii Ssssioii.occupied in a discussion bad said to her.longing toher the ;language,three;- Mrs. Burch should converse with heryoung ladyaUtlUty naa.12,to Uie care of Mr. Burch, tbe tUngs shewassation when Mrs. Burch mkde tbeStuart have his arm aroiud Mrs, Burch's waist,or which I had in my possession be.was so surprised that she mentioned if to her neigh- bors. He had thus mentioned the intimacy of Mr. Burch with Mr. Stuart, to refer to that subject again.tween the Court and counsel as to the propriety ofwhat between us, and I have confessed world," except has transpired; coBld.aotfamilying the Ea»t Mr. Burrjil.who alsoMr.of adultery with Mr. Boyd. Thesubject'of Mr,and,yonclrcalBtedat>outhird,andhe comptainsdtoMrs. Burch,, and when Mrs. Burch defended the young lady, Mr. Burrill told Mrs. Bnrch of the slander that the yotingThe substance of the deposition was that she had seenall letters and other articles you may have receivedhad uttered of her a and a half previous, asfrequently in the Fall of 1857;sometimesmoreorless: visitsprinci- some-IThe following Is the letterreply.versed about aome events which oecumd tteyearBurch questioned the young lady, who denied ttiat serting that the visits of Mr. Stuart and of Mr. BurriUladyto Mr. Stuart's tuving his arm around his waist;tilaimtinlT. eonld hanlly be regarded by the easaalmen than an ordinary spectator. After she hao ever made any such statement, but yet as- Stuart came in the back on one occasionMary SpaokUag James Joy was wUh asto Mrs. Burch were for the purpose of seducing her shocked beyond measure at such an allegation con- cerning a man Indorsed by her hust)and as a high-:;waa to write a letter to Mr. Stuart—a letter which could not have tieen writt«i by a guilty woman.;ttme, offwlthVnele;toUDerw«faada^arasapanofUaapeeeb, and continuedIn^t tetter she stirfed that Mr. Stuart had some- Burch in tliepart;thnea mentioned remarks of a complimentary char-; rememberkeeping Stuart and Mrs.on and at Mr. Thanksgiving Xre, BurrlU'son tthebeen consdenee is wholfy Us, myoff at tbe time••aflMed by wtat hart been written about the case, presaloos of his heart From this letter of Miss Burch go Into the library and remain there some time;more than auf- accuser. God knows bow wilUagly 1 would bear tbe whole burden of blame for tbe censolcUon oftWieiiy oOht eaar. PeA^s public opinion migjitacter, wUch she anppoaed were sumly honest ex-seeingon another occasion Stuart was alone one evening inmyshe saw what might be the motive of Stuart, and she said in her letter that her eyes wereopened,with the motive of making her a victimBurch whether she would seethe first accompaniedMra. Burch home that Boieh did aot ;go toVoBaR^that she didprejudice the rl^ts of either. He did not not believe it possible up to that time that Mr. Stuart said she was engagedMrs.your strongerbutMrs.Bureh Stuartwaaflieie III>»• ;wasthestateofhermindonthe29thofNovembersaid she did just right to do just as he told herwas on that occa- sion, just as we were almut to pert to the tiestFor of myself,now^He insisted that that letterMr. Stuart waa not in the house but one time after that;—course,attemptapology,of other gentlemen.orders to shut up the house stairs and found Mrs. Burch ready for bedin theMrs. Burch discovered that her husband was notfore ten Mrs. Burchsaid about Mrs. anythingleased with Mr. Boyd's attentions to her,wrong iu receiving the attentions of Boyd, and ask-yom'wlfe as nmehaa Borrlll reoUed. '." after the confesstoa of Mb^,A coward himself; he had not tne courage to drive Boyd out offace, say,to write insulting letters to com- pel Boyd to leave. There were two letters thus com-thought;street, near Clark—and on her way to the Sundaygiven liim at the Court-houaeturn of the ring to Stuart on Mew-TeaHs Ba^, baktid an orange tree, the witness tnitlfitil Ihn trnn ahwd lawas only absent from home from 7 until 10 o'clock,the reason she stated was that her hus- orUyhusband,lation Was founded, unlesait was kept sacred there to write out a large number of lies. He the young ladies went to Burlingtonthe invitation of Mrs. Burch BurchI had nq desire andMr. circumstances. Until I have an interview with you LisB"speciallywhom the letter was sent aaeb as was usual in such cases. They would bring Stuart. He writes to his brother-in-law, who knew Stuart.waa no security for domestic happiness.The evidence of the charge against Mrs. Burch waswrites to her mother that he had warned his wife to have nothing to do with that vilest of wretches, David;flonrard tlie Inmates of the house, most naturally ac- Bted with li>e conduct of Mrs. Burch. Some ofthat he had indorsed Stuart, that he never let slip an opportunity to present to Mary's mind facts and cir- cumstances showing Stuart's bad character, and thatMr. Beckwith (Counsel for Mrs. Burch) now pro- posed to call the witness and crosaexamine her, in order that the Jury might have her whole testimony atmain tortured with the purest and most distressingand if, after testi-y, nnder strict scrutiny, they were found to be he seldom saw them together. They would show that the same time..Iwere relatives of Mr. Burch;d oIr not Burch met me in the street, andMr. Hoyne for the complainant, next introduced thean to commit the crime. Their Dili is prepared and service is made of an application while the deposition was still ^mS, opportunityfresh in theminds of room in the hall ;leading into transacted be-;go away,;own decide as to how to the Hospital, conscienceVtihe had whist until 11 o'clock with those playedcan thinkfaryou conscience accuses me ofrestore him toproved unavailiBg, andeffort to nullify a confession thus shown to be false ?it was when Mr. Burch was going our ridingbut I can- submit to be thought worthy of the character of which letter charges. Your confidenceorany masterlyknew it, and witness had betterMrs. Burch mentioned no name when sheabout it ;"light;arrest Thehad thatAlthough Mr. Burch thought that he had accom-with death. In no civilized countn^, uuder plished the ruin of his wife, and sent her by a round- not talking of any particular persona^^Bflvyany law, was a man required to live with a woman about way to Albany to avoid her brother, it was nec- talking of her going away at the timeasfor one interview withor whomsoeveryouthat he calledsome;"so that that bad man should t>ehouse at times when to be absent, but I took no:another occasion aawStuart in the act of kissingatTbe croaa-fTambiatton eUoitadfhat al when Stoait called, Buich was at bawhom he4ttk adultery with one Carlisle Boyd. The only pelled. The last accused Boyd of tiaving seduced came home with Mrs. Burch and Miss Spaulding, and request In her houseIn r»laUuatoaieia» CARLYLEBOYD. amiddlepartofthepartor,whererefreahnteatawaacompelledtime, when they had gone to a wedding, Mr. Stuartwalk more with the whatthey I can lightly;Mrs. Burch, and Mr. indignantly denied thestayed to dinnerobedientwas, were fliese charges true ?aiqqpieaaed by order of the Court, and tbe sole dictated by Mr. Burch. But it was admitted that at moinlng, remainingtoabout ten o'clock iu the fixim Mr. Burch's house to Famam's, going dirmerr;servant, Jan. 12.more in the rooB at fha Borah's haad; that day Mr. Morrosh was present; remeaAeiodaW tending the fair at Metn>p(dltaa Hall; WHg wUiand demanded to the husband, little dreamingit in the presenceandwalked with her—never, in the exceptset for twenty visitorscharge,denyJanuaryDecember,an hour and a half or two hoursof that the letter had beenorsame time when Stuart kissed Mn.-upon several friendsto doMr. Burch wasmeasures to feonceal any Interviewof but one instance when Mrss Burch took paantdhstilldu1tyw.oulMdy" Burch was at home. Did it need eloquence or logic not overcome ;" that onlytwo orthree gentlemen measures to conceal our Interview from Mr. Burchwillinglyyourburden miseryheard that Bturn was to aad so likely die, led,should be believed. The act of adultery Mr. Burch was not content with wringing these false Mr. Van Arman submitted that there was no prac-no means of knowingi"ng their accus"tomed thank-offerings on tUs Brraitnn she did not at ,Mr. David Stuart's, which Mrs. Burch attended. £0 and fnut is ever a safe role. Go, look OBoatrutli^, theywas necessarily an act of darkness and secrecy. It confessions, but sat down and wrote these letters, tice authorizing such a proceeding. The defendant's on one occasion Mrs.her character with lies. But the lawyer counsel appeared at the taking of the deposition, and acts of adultery, in ninety-nine cases then comes in and advises him that confessions are declined to cross-examine her then.said the family was to be invited out;was to be proved by those circumstances usually ac- blackeningwould she know that they go;thougfjtthey wouldstairs to fix it in the room where Mr. Stuart was. rescue them, and your giftswill be rewarded four*companyingout of one hundred it was impossible to give actual not very highly regarded in Courts, and he hoped to Mr. Beckwith said they had given notice that theythere was no business edme waa committed. They could not take one cir- for her. He could not believe that Mr. Hogue would of Mr. Beckwith, and was followed by Mr. Browning commnuication used on anycould not state the preciseevld^Bce would consist of circumstances, and they for divorce. It was necessary to have a cognovit. the Jun'.north side of Chicago; it was five or six years agomust, considering;the whole case, say whether the She signs that also, authorising Judge Skinner to act Mr. Famsworth cited a case to sustain the positiontween usI was never in a room in the second story with her; itfund for a monnment to Policeman tamsw.wlM)"adultery," and so dispose of all tbe separate tactsto the same effect Mr. Van Arman,saw David Stuart there ;;cunstance by itself and say,that does notprove ;take such a paper from a lady, and without consult-Mrs. Burch in; libra- green-thereStuart were not maskedMrs. Burch and Mr. they were together in thethe Italian CAHCua, reoorta that the jrixde anming her go into court and confess judgmentcomplainant, supportedhisthejarlor, been in theraised waa wUch baa been expended In the fl83 41,and, after getting the deed, the service of the notice, and;could not state the precise timemust consider all the facts together, and fromthem decide whether the charge was proven. There tlie cognovit for confession of judgment, this woman claimed by the defence. He urged that to authorize housedon't re- no one was there butof a lot and the erection of a tonAstone tnbatAaMdgment. They asked no favor for Mr. Burch. which she reiterated "pray for me," "pray lor me." right of cross-examination.*pected to meet you ;" I do not know of any other rea- son than her saying that, that made me take such—Objected to and overruled.evening, the lecture of Mr. FLncnxo, at the Cooper Institute, was postponed till Monday evening.IiSt UMm ^ereise due sympathy, but let not sympathy ttedtbeir judgment It was an unpleasant duty forAnother letter, which was put forth as a confession,The Court preferred that the question should re- main under consideration until morning, a£ he did notshe did not repel it ; I do not re-impression left Witness continuedi^mwSiMr.Boydwas not before them. In arriving he ^ut up the house, and he recollects that he went Mr. Miller next read the deposition of Honora Cook, and the conversation Ihe ;'St Hm valne of tbe drcnmstances and confessionjS^^^ to, it was Important that they should beaware of the manner In which tbe ooaiiMaione tline he went to sleep. They would show by direct laundress, nurse and waitlngmaldBurch,was betweenhim- performed—nnder the most solemn should never be made Snowiu Noevldence would be needed to satts^ them;his Mr. Burch's house firstknew lierby do not think shewan wmng from ber assurances that theyproof the time when the box containing the clock ar-Stuart, and ofhtr's1 hurt /u.'i.sfU her tliink ; she has kissed mc and ;Hby Rev.doorwas CaSoUcChuroh,E.D.,'Jaa been refhsed by her natural protector, he soughtflls threatening to throw Mr. Stuart out of the grapery lor pruning the vines, and yet tt would be shown that;I all before company, presume,tm mai mctt&j and deeming it finally for her bestMrs. Burch had com- to tiie direct question as to whether be had ever iiad unmasked atxiut the same time from Mrs. Burch's Two Women Bub.ned ;toDkath^hndnMi, itn frisods assented to her marriage andpanyone evening Stuart called when Mr. and Mrs. Burchcriminal cpnnection with Mrs. Burch, to which hefew days ago, two Capt.arovtHed for her Uberslly. What was the moving.,,j .v., ,k„coveteusness of the com- plaisant jaade him feel bitter, harsh and unkindMr. Stuart sat on one side,her husband, sat on the other. Mrs. Bureh s sister and husband, and Mr. Corning, were also thwe,her one occasion when Mrs. Burch refused ;towaiids the relatives of his weiofceapedapontheheadofhSunfortunatewife,Do*tless he wasprospered in business. How much and yet that was perhapslieen in session fromof l*e lady Uurtshed upon Mr.Burch,was not forcounseldesired. HecouldAowas to circumstances was manufsctured.arrived at the truUi would find that what Mj:.The vote teUmtoMW-hadwereitaiways ready to aVJ him.BurchMr. Burchtime of my familiar intercoursethe fromwas Mrs. Burch and myself attendedjmtt^krf as folbws':eyeiytblng Barmhappy uiin.and Mr. entire him Mr. Stuartby nightI merely sat with my arm around her while takingoff herhisthey her con- Burch said was true—be tad no exceptwhattranspired at thetimeomit'edyesterday.Mrs. Bostwick-s concertwent with Mrs. Burch to lier bed-room sheReynolds,Rep.,17,738;Troy, 'D.fii,extinguished wife. Thetheman was gov-could not say ;with her,officersFoK Citt Jcnoa—TbeaenaasjonspIBitfttf foreioed by pride, vanity,oasy> He made display to the nubUn I'hat;wife, and thc-se feelings;THIRD DAY—MoBHiFO SsspiON.was going on in the moatIlls splendid house, and yet at that time h isof adultery with Mr, Arnold, of Chicago, Capt Mack, was not seen at the house witnessferred to when I said 1 put my arm around Mrs." but ifwife suffered from his unkind words, being frequeutl v """id to leave his table. Mr. Burch introduced Mr. t to his wife. He would not say that the plalntUT"loved hU wife as would be man never loved," Ither notes to give thewaistgentlementome, "they will,Sep., 10,083 ; D., 3488hypocrisy;Sawyer,Comwail, B. D., 10,077 ; scattering, 58. JraaOiaralicctlono f theand eal- j;eveningB.D.,4,817; Jcsiici-Perry, Rep., 15,S2I ;115. P0UO8to sleep at half-past eleven, flaughterj and that Stu- art was there for five or six nights after that, up to theof Chicago, a waitlngmald at Mr. Burch's house;ever I fiMjearsto her since;ceremony Father Malom, pastor;Mr. Burch's absence Stuart and Mrs. Burch went;was In the parlor, library and dining-roomtimes was alone with Mrs. Burch five or ten minutes protiabfy three-quarters of an hourbefore Mrs. Burch'a confeaslonEast,twentydid not remember all theiMathem to regard the fact that his client was re- harbored such a thought against her purity. Such she ought to have admiUed Mr. Famam, but Stuart nieces and my brother went home with usto dinniaa from their minds any im- oaaecndng the ease, and rely solely upon the He hoped that the wealth of neither partyyoung were with her, and Mr. Stuart went home with themthe ladies hnnetbatoatbeaiglitof flhianfs pai^tteiri^tythat revelationsto himSpauldtnghome on the second occasion the same ;ladlesnowand that bis statements had been made;same asthe;;;rival, that Stuart was not thereoftbeutterwortblessnessofthetestimony. Itwould itsopeningatMr.Burch'shouse. Thiswasthetime ing,rememberhisseeingMrs.Burchintheparlor can'tsayhowmanytimeswehavekissed;f^'l'^j'^'^e' ^-that Stuart was sick eight or nine days after the arrival of the clock, and; iis I iiiiilerstand itnot maslied on that occasionthere was a call cmnftancesof the married life of the parties. Atttie and heard the outside door bolt, up three pairs of tliat Mrs. Burch was not in;be neceosary for him to recapitulate some of tlie eir- jvhen tbe witness recollects when he went to sleep alone;;Mrs. Burch told witness to saytimesputting mv arms aroiuid her wai.-^t ;toe as we sat at the table, and in tbe carriage ; received any money from Mrs. Burch.d)me«f her marriage, the defendant was 20 years of j|fe,*tbeidQlof the &inlly where she lived, her hus-stairs, through several doora, Ilaoghter.] Mr. Burch knew that the statement of his man-of- all- work wasnever;were unmasked that I saw Mrs. Burch and StuartTerm, to b.' "°S«??AL TwM^^Thf^ecemberbeSpfeieclidaoln theMa4 a man of matureheld bv JuJge persons of tlie month,no such Incident occurred,As to the other circumstances, he claimed that the;or Mr. Stuart's dress, should not they liad supposeBurch,witness remained with waspartycould beexUnrnot to be set aside by Itself, weighed with other circumstancesBurchtion ofThe substance of itfrom Mrs. Burch's conduct duringwasThe Judicial Vote.—it ot tbe deposit of the Illinois Central Rall- her own fable^of wUeh Mr, Stuart waa attorney, when he In- " frequenUy, and still he hypocitticaliyto whom the letter was directed was not found did went home with Mrs. Burch and ;<»=="'°"" us she referred to the ;"she had been en-B. 2,720 ; 108. D., scattering,ids most but taSS*S tbfittBartvas particular friend,oeelh worse than that of socialreooUeeted Mr. Burch'a absence at Burling- ;her when I have met Mrs. Burch in the 'teeet thereshe also told meBurch hadto hastoldmeLAimviLU, of the Fifth Precinct to find tbe olathe#«<m' aaw Oe fliinrdeath, and that ques-away'ton didnotreooUect;was some one wlU her-one ofher ideces fir^ time ,;thatbefore she went outobjectedof the man. While in- iMfete Huattto bb aeui.'w, ae was infusing sonicionwhether Mrs. seat the Burchworn wUcbbe saidaSmwUt In tbe minds v'rfUsaervanta,leadingthemletterabout that time;vrith them awUle.Jte.she but didJaa>lonsywerertiquestedtotryasa ofgenerallywo^ go home with them, or somettmealeavettem herbybiinonthedayofthenmrder,he had left at a store: and also fee pawn-ahiy whef^ be says he Obtained tlw watch found upon Urn wbe* orresbd. Neither 'eoold be find.' The UrewgattoiiSSaMttkibmistre Hedidnotattributethis toman that—eoasequeaeestomss.a iM« at Alt (taw to lat r^lof Us wlfo,but to theshe had tvi'Odearlike to see:dieneWMU,jMplVManuterrr. StuartiDtlmOed,gave;.^e asked theUnjtwm8t«.Vt kept there,either or itain tbem for life,Aljfnr;bad respected hlffl at tbe time neto uadeirtand onlyashisMor;;the stood next to a book-casecould not show even an imprudence on;priifcoffiie^xiniidatnMitin seeking this clandestine? would If that it was prosecution Sine* Mr. Bureh call, and Mrs. Burch sent for the Misses Burch to lieve she desired suchthat be did not be-most ixnholy passion grew upon him tmtU money be- vants knew nothing, he had been deUberately 4;amehisgod.Theextingwahment^thelittlelove eniraKediupoisoningthemindsoftheservantsasto didnotwishhertogointosomuchcompanyot the room in which they were never were locked or house could comfortably accommodatebeforei "Mrs. TitcsHer— and afTection that be had gave rise to other passionsrecollect of Mr. Boyd calling that evening, when Mr. Burch and the young ladles were out and, witness be-from the room where were. entering theystanding'J"^mother,fearingaccident onatable. Insteadofpiide, vanity, hypocrisy and took the place jealousythat Mr. Stuart accompanied Mrs. Burch toTbe afternoon session of the Court liaving lastediiig at themdoing rected, she threw the lamp into her mother's lap, where it exploded. Mrs. Titos, in throwing the limp been to the house suice, from her, threw it into the lap of Mrs. Dcvai. The of both women was saturated with tbe fluiatestimony of love. DlSculttes and unkind feeUiics grew up be- aevening vrith Mrs. BurchMr. Burch liad declined to see company when Mr. Stuart;the diracterof Us wife.and afterdon't know the date of the ball; it tween the concert, to Mr. only on two occasions that the witness knew Mrs.the of tlie cross- town Mr. Burch at the stageand conversed with her freely during the lieves, spent f^omplainant and some of the tusiness part- concert. And Mr. Burch gave the ticketfrom 2 P. M. to,ners of Mr. The Corning.yet Stuart, and while;It would bythe appeardance others ;oneofthethingsthatwas supposedheMrs.BurchBoydU112 P- M. TELEOEAPH.]guished, both wereso burned that tb^ died Hftas the learned that the testimonyhe came generally spent;Carlyle Boyd.fliTfor herheaped Indignities upon her so as to cause her to leave of the servants)help her nieces from my Vanshown that he had house, insulted her in his own;was to be brought back if the person think any one came for her on the eveningI lovedMr. Stoart to his wife. But, Mr. Burch not said, hCTe her ardenUy as man never lovedbeingwas dfrected to take the answer to when I met Mrs. Burch" gaged to before marriage she also said that Burch_Jiiead Before."WilliamMr. Burch always treated Us wife kindly,8°'^;who staads aeoosed of tbe murder of J. D. CoLroalc cave Us business to Mr. Stuart, but linducedotlaSvto Klve him business. He Induced his wife to leas punishment waa notStuart :t»1^^^except befbie Mrs, Burch went I Ulink her nieces were always, or mo»' »'*^^ ,STM she thought a woman couldnt love so sincerely as the •TIB,It had been said that the'hersevere n-ow than of old. Bat there waa no saw' any dlflSoulty Just;wasyesterday taken to New-York by OffleertiontheHyer qaeatlon perty. little I'emalnlng years were of butpro- slightherhair tbegirlssbouldbecarefulwhotheymarriedwere consequence. Thertf bi^erMr Beckwith,;thatthe would Jury.^ar her ^ cUUreo's reputation.that Mrs.tlwt Ihe could get* good ettaettW Utethat »oe was in nowtbeirofthiscasewillberesumedCOMonday.her children. The vemlct ofBurch's invitations for me *»her and call her iltentlan to aoaae things rM^heT,w^i»omt- did not love Burch when she married him,Jury totryocumen;Mr.think all the visits were made oralready;;this time Mr. Burch did not suspect the fidelity of his while Mr. Burch was in the liabit of leaving fromdaytimewUch Ito me Y ou villain, you have not returned everything."admittance, Mrs. Burch reproved her, saying,^|1bv ware simply to decide upon the facts. It was "You know I am always at home to Mr. Far- when Stuart was with her. arm;; Ihavekissedheratdifferent^a letter from Mrs. Burch I ;jMJt^i^ in a state of mind free from prejudice nam." Mr. Buret* heard of this denial of Mr. Far- Counsel for Mrs. Burch objected to the reading of my arm arovnd her waist she ;bumed. that also; it requested me to send back the-lad Uas that they should try the case. Itgave ens of affection tliat have passed betweensmokingsmoking-cap and ring, if I had themreqweong the flm*that tliey should bear this fact In mind nam's admission during the presence of Mr. questions and answers relating to what the wit- cap and ring:wasMMAey should resist all attempts to evade the issue.;lo^ortaDtStuart, and thereupon confinedhis wife inness said and did when people called to see Mrs. Burch during Mr. Stuart's presence.us she has ;Xo man who enteredeaiejo tlieir minds but the evidence to be adduced,had enticed her from the path of duty, and requested ;;the trial with a bias could try the case fairly, Tney should allow nothing to;mjwrnnand her the access of her obtained denying "friends, most dif-she has kissed me she has done it more than once;that I should go away, so that If I were away herhall the doorwas parloropenconUhear aidtaaryrlanceofrelevantevidence. Noevi- dence which touted to prove or disprove anything but tte essential issue of tl^ case should be regarded. If statements in the^answer, depositions on which Oeen excluded by the Court, were irrelevant, itprocessesfectation of more knowledge than he possessed, and such other influences as, under God, he was able tofid meIpashehasresteduponmyknee, never sat on my lap Itheirdutytorejectallevidenceupontliem.Ibi Bnreh, the com]dalnant, came to Chicago aiwut HA, He waa a native of Herkimer Couaty, New- Tedc After leaving his father's family he settled In JUbtaj,wlieiehewasaclerk. Hethenmovedto1860teU what numlaerall Mrs. Burch's letters at her request;Fatal Aftbat in NA88AV-8TBxn.—CoroDer ScmaHxa was yesterday notified to hold an Inquestthe strangers' room, and, after locking the doors,kissed mehave no recollection to state how oftendishonor;that I had abused her confidence; tliat Itheconfessioninhisownlanguage, bythatMr. Miller continued reading the deposition. When Mr. Famam called to see Mrs. Burch, witness toldno one was; footsteps in the ball from tbe parlor—ficult of all cross-exaniination—and the;I did not send the smoking-capandring,butrepliedtotheletterontheto bear ;" and he Impiously claimed that God thus worked in and through him In obtaining this con- fession. He had solemnly promised not to use the confession, and on another occasion he had said he obtained the confession by hisJUt shaken in herface, telling her to sign it.eENERAL CITT HBWS.bringinterruptedmenced in November, 1859, and lasted^til January,af-of she ;;library door from where she sat TheCourtadjournedtill 2o'clock.Impenttr^ ^^5lt ..„TMTML^2??^S'yT?«*'^«h«tbe Court shoqldUbraryTaesamemoinliui tMyand a* one ever Improper b«d said »• waa an exeellent told me that they,at Us own hoose, he had thus notat various times, bat his aftcUons Jth5e1?i5?,J5"'li'*'«fiMionmfortbe afternoon ate, which the witness said that iMr. Beckwith had coU she placedadnrdtting certain depositions.and answers In thereading Hoyne proceeded to read thehave left me ness she went down In the baseinaat forposition of Margaret O'Hara, a aervant of Mr. Burch.that yearstated In evidence until last Friday, vriwa I osiiMieA with Van Annan, complainant's 0900101; haton one occasion was cleaning the parlors when Mr.:rupted;sentupon the verbal aometlmes tbe written were branght by aerrasts, sometimes senttum. I trust that In doing ao I have fulfilled yourIng;dont remember telling bar I was oat ~;agladlliuyflfaaid*Mrs.;you,except bookandhandkerchief,wUchI nowre-wasbetook;; once or twice Burch was generally absent ; could not state whatproportlon of the time he was ab-go awayand Mr. Burch could not live with her;I am at themoment In total present ignor-hours, atexpirationto the Second Wardlaal^ FoUee, aad tbe gioceiyduring;went inter- thought Stuart and Mrs. Burch were an houralmost in thevlnted in the time daya visitorSummer of 1890 Mrs.Burchsaytegdie^another occasion, in the afternoon, and stayed to tea noticed Mrs, Burch's dress disarranged, and that Mr,invHatlonsStuart aat in an tmgentlemanly way at the table ;in tte latterMr. and Mrs. David Stnarfa party ihortly afteratand that naele wai2ba^ tohar raoB for-hB; ~';first occasion two ladies Mrs. young accompenlisdthe of Barley's paitoi BmdL nigfatthe and Mr, Famam called library,Stuart to come last FallStuart went in last, looking about the hall;the when weplarttiyo,n to a said dtiod;have been baadad letter,;it was when Mr. Burch was away;another timeshim that Mrs, Burch wasshouldpunished ;" that she wished he was killed, shot or hanged ;" that there were "_few women that he couldonly.where it was ascertained tSat from the base of his skull was fractured. Tbe eAirts made to"Mr. Burchsay nottilng that man ;" witness thought she meant Stuart;was therehasfar he escapedputles supposedaskTiolattonof the principle upon which the family re- He sat down to write out his case. It was necessary Burch's sending a letter one day after Mr. Burch, and as Ur. Burch would not like it ; I visitsd the ex- only, 1 should suppose, has been made aware of thewte had violated her man iage vowB, The act was a essary that he should make up a case to her friends. treatment of his wife was good;and object;don't kliow to Stuart came that morning; does not know whether Mrs. Burch ever sent letters to;shewouldof adtiltery. But iu most cases there were cer- show that Mr. Burch had therefore manufactured reserved the right to cross-examine the witness. He not go, and that 1 could call at any rate and Inquire, charged that anything improper took place.proofsain circumstances existing, and wherever these cir- 'cnantaaces f^ft"i they were bound to believe the ftcX exlated. It was necessary that these thingsthat she would leave for me Mrs. Burch was sent away on Wednesday evening. magistrate. The party reserved all his right to give light burning, so that if it was burning I should ;FIBST WITKESS FOB OOMPLAINANT—ALL ABOUT A UASQUEBADE.shniild concur to justify the conclusion that the actHer name wasnibbed off her trunk, testimony in open Court, and, he contended, his right; t went ; /wentin,Charles Thielcke was the first witness called for thewill be held Saturday ev,:nlng,Nov, 24,The PiersaUthese suspicious circumstances since he had cast off his wife.and ask for a book;believed the rule was well settled that the party was not bound to cross-examine the witness before theshe then stated that if she did not go, she would leacvaell awas burningof and seemed to stick out even then. A ditional evidence as they could from the witness, parlor ; thtre was no one with us ; it front cliantsignomlnlouslyjwas done. First, that there should be a disposition in and yet in the midst of his overwhelming affliction, he of cross-examination in open court was of the samefor theobjection, that the practice did not justify the coursehave been alone withhry, dining-room, and may havelibrary was another class of evidence to prove the charge. It was thrust out of her house. The most she could such a delay in the cross-examination would give the the occasion of going home from a party at the house those twotheycommenced on sat next to her in the carriage and put; member;purchaae Greenwood*'s^y to her mother was— Mather,Mr. Burch has cross-examinlng.party an opportunity to tamper with of Mr. Burley; of;-consisted of the confessions of the detendant, made atdifferent times and in difiereut ways. It was impos-sible to read them and not be conviiK^ed that tbe con-tfiasionsprovedtliecharge.Hewouldliketoseetiie andwrotetothepartnerofherhusband,andoneof standforthepurposeofcross-examination.Ifthe vioushadseenhe"rfrequentlyeaius and eloquence that would break them down. the alleged confessions was in tills letter. Another witness was call^u to the stand now, it should be as party she said, I thouglit you were not going to while 1 noticed them, probably half an hourto ruin me." And while the wo- the witness. He deemed that the defendant could my arm around her waist .made me sign a lieman was so crazed and bereft of peace, she sat down compel the complainant to put the witness on the thing she did or said ;have no recollection of any- from September to October pre-noon yesterday, and completed the c^cial canvass oftEsttbe Jtiry consider tbe facts and boldly pronounce alleged confession was in a letter to her pastor, in the witness of the defendant, giving the plaintiff the speak to me\, I should not have come if 1 liad not ex- thought their manner rather familiar ;;was to Mrs. Famam, desiring to discover "a paperdice, let them pronounce the decision that thelrjudg- ing." That letter had been handed over to the hus- little diierence whether the witness was cross-ex- the next time 1 kissed her was In her own house, In ble extentMm andforOem,;and thefr manner was to a considera- pleasedfarnlliar libertiesbut dismissing feeling and preju- having some printing on tioth sides, and some writ- feel prepared to decide at present, it could make member how long after that the next kissine occurredThey seemed in close conver-aieat dictated, and tliey would be satisfied,MK. BKCKWITB'8 OPKHWO FOB THB DEFIKCI.band, and although he had not seen it, he did not be-lieve it would show the slightest crliidnallfy. As tothe aUeeed confession in a letter to Mrs. Thomas Tan Arman.Bnrch, Mrs. Burch could not recollect the contents, Mr. Beckwith replied, reaffirming his position, and;they were evidently talking low;Mr. BsciwiiH commenced by saying that he had anthe eveningtheytoward each other asleaning in close conversatiottMosnAT Nov. 28—Causes—Nob, », 07, 88, M,Important duty to perform in stating tlie case for the and he did not believe there would be an lota of proof the Court decided to let the matter stand until mom- once do not know whether she kissed me ;defendant He difl not tielieve that half of the lady's against Mrs. Burch In it. iMr. Burch not only obtained;;none but herself and her God one confession of his^BMconsciousof,theutterdesolationoftierhomefor butmadehersignanotherpaperatthesamemoment, Pitney,ofCliicago. Shehadknownthepartiesto nooneelsewaspresentguests they stood^ntntgs could be toldat the time shewent away,of Mrs. Betsey had called at Mr. Burch's house for the pur-torground of, adulterystand Thursday, was contlnned during flie;wife,room, by signals,adjoining^on some occasions, for thethe evening wereseats.IthereThe issue was whether the lady had been un- _1 to her marriage vows. The issue was made;Ing.Jlr. MUler next read thenothing respecting it ;to show meon these occasions / conversed AeMU aid the answer. The bill charged her Mrs. Burch ? The was called to to the Burch was did not think anything of it, as with her and sometimes hissed her ; the matters of pri-—Am a son-in-lawcontradlcUng herself.What were the suspicious circumstances againstthis suitofents on one occasionto mepres-gardener testify engaged;flitftery with Mr. Stuart, and secondly with an- presence of Stuart at the house on the occasion of the Mrs. Burch was in the habit of declining to see herBurch;first talked with Mr. Burch aboutmytestimo-on tbe wftneae whole day The amount of his testimony was, that__r»enoii £a Oullford, Conn. The questl«n of any unpacking the clock. He said Stuart was there when Mrs. Burch subsequently sent the txMk.;vacy that passed between us were the giving of notes,the familiarity that 1 have stated, the appointments nye months first teamed thatto smeye witiiin two or thre;purpose;Cross-examinedbyMr. Beckwithpose of twrrowlng a booKthe servant said Mrs.Tbe exsmtnaUoathere two years ago last Januaryhad been there as indulging mspolte;marriagevisitingsaw him there soon after Mrs. Burch came from tlieI was don't knowEast, in 1859when Mr. Stuart first commenced com- slie has hugkcd and itissed ine on sucii occasions;library ;;;openMrs. Burch then took Mr. Stuart's hat and shawl from the vestibule and laidshe pressed my minerals in ttte roomcitedImi lh|>l aiHii diareputabie among all gentlemen. Hav- The rardener again swore to the circumstances of lor with Mr. Stuart, or in the green-house, when examination of the witness. The point of what was posed did not know who 1 wasyears.;have thus con- Mondaymight announced.Monday,His manner of seeidnga lie.;Mr. Beckwith then proceededto read the cross-maskedinstead of the firstassome one called for her Stuart called in the evening;was withto go out with Mr. Burch Mr. Boyd calledclothingand set on fire, and before the fire;depositiongo saying something;;of Mr. Marlland who an account with Mr. keepswas continued. of Dr. J. F. Mahojt, who was placedMrs. Burch looked very much ex- on other mornings Mrs. Burch was in the par-; she was had conversations with whom 1 sup-them in the hall;mighthave conversed withMrs. FamamifScuEDOHAM, will aeeead;in the parlor, and took Stuart into the librarywomen namedand the Misses Burch were in the housethere was a;aot lov£ and affection, tut mercenary motives. That had deliberately written down tl»»t .»?„,*'/ clined to go with Mr. Burch, because her mother ing his private interviews with Mrs. Burch the doors it a large ball might ;the under thefollowing had:;;these familiarities;don't know where, or when,under "^the name of SaraooK, of St Paul'sHomMion one occasion Mrs. Burch de-;;have been a few nwrc tliancfrcumstancesa lighted fluid lamp In her hand.the was;of evi- to read the de-edboth remain reaidenta ofremain here, It wlU be at your peril. You will pleasein 1857;times a weekpally made to Mrs. Burch, other people being present;wrote a letter in UK. BOTD'g KIPLT TO MBS. BimCH'S LCTTIB.Mrs, and Stuart «n her return Mrs. Burch saidmightonlyBurch temabied and Stuart and CatMa tabc also,;bneyssMarreypeSaplaeudldvienrgb,atimwentanotherwith Mrs. Burch one or two hoursabout that time Mr. Stuart made as long a call wnenfrequently by appointment:CMcagoa residence, containing as it does tbe oUy man onup;morning;she was going, and asked me If I should be there earth whom I dare not meet and, him In theyougentlemanMr. Burch was awayStuart called very oftenthestreetby previous appointment twelve or fifteen I cannot it, and am to accept waa a deliberate plan to ruin ber batweeaasked company,wreckMrs. Burch let him in istory that bada Uttle be-any avhauislbMr. Burch's remember Mrs.strange frheoquseentolny-,Ipre ;ment, without intending to take Bcrd's life, THANKSOIVINO at the " HOHE FOE TH» FaXXKB-;;;Iiaif-an-hourpeople were passing and repa-ssingon Mrs.intbestreet parties;quences that may insult to the futiue happiness of yoaraelf and him. [If I have been the cauae of eventbat-Mlss loadr SpankUgg;;siie iias not nut her arms ui>'>ii nieat that time;maybetween us, and am only cqncemed for tbe conse-:Burch to tbe party and witness aocompanied herfidentknowing your^_ batdldnotgo,andCarlysleBofla«wan;;===================JiS.taWflSBb own ehOdTeik<s case caUed at Mr. BuTdi>s wtdle Vr. Iftoteb was at BoiUbi- anywoylBdiiiedto Iiart'Baidi wtthme, or on ae- marriage. I •i'' '*'^^' *^ -r-'ill^JTL ,^„ . ^ _onher that It would be a great comfort to Mra. Bnrch to thfaik It was done with say lascivious viewimportance aswellasMr.Burchthat there ^waanoobjectiontolect, wasDavid meremark,my bnd>and befan aarMr. Miller resumed theination, comprising nothing of generalnot go;she askedmetocall she ;thoughtOther parties were present, however, and it was notfold,Obtille Gabbneb ass t^ Tsxpsbasox;wishes as all,schoolrecollectedStuart'scallingabout alonewithherexceptupononeoCbaslondrivingwith 1 am. Madam,Mrs. Burch has made state-wife. They now arrived at a time when Mr. Burch seven to eight A. M., and returning pretty regularly ments to me that I thought meant something more "That was ajllln and simple question. In a case involring right formed a settled purpose to get ria of his wife. Mr. at one Stuartaccompanied by otherswas left—are tneae charges true ?iSpraperty tliey would feel no hesitancy in trying, Burch learned that Mr. Famam, a neighbor, had;;generally passedthey were generally alone some part of the:;called at his house, during the visit of Mr. Stuart,simply and was denied admission by the servant, who said time, some part of the time they were not to me that she had an affection me, "of the case should_ to be careful, and yet tiiey should try the ques- what she -knew was a lie, that Mrs. Burch was up Burch always received Mr. Stuart be moreinportancetelland:for her; Burch said he thoodit Oeuigewould see them home safely. Wltaess temfiinot hear street door shut in the par,ora durtagnary conversation, even if tbe parlor door was open ; couldnotgenerallyhearthefrontdoor(^enorAnt.aa if it were a mere matter of property, with Mr. Famam ^v^eflbet ot their dedsiou they had nothing to do. stairs. And after the servant had deniedcould not recol- but IKmay have Interpreted It to"Btimed up," andtold her on one occa- Mrs. Burch and Mr. Stuart by knocking on the door, Mrs. Burch seemed displeas- met Mrs. Burch and Mr.to say tiiat ; sion when she;stairs said it of her own accorded, and her face was flushed;;I suppose Mrs. Burch and I desired private inter-Stuart once near the Jiouse—walkingupnobody ;;think upon one occasion—one or two occasionshave no absolute Mr. Hoyne read the reexamination of Carlylecould not she merely said It was alleged that the first criminal act was com- was when Mrs. Btirch had gone East that she noticed that she did not wish any letters of hers to me to be thinknever indulged in familiarities with Mrs.mitted while Mr, Burch was away East, on Oct. 14, Mr, Stuart first called. seenIMMm married tbe defendant, Mary W. Burch, be- providing for Ills wife. The fact was, Mr. Burch waa The Court at this point stated that a number of lit- she said she had bumed some of them^UeuOtWlierelieDecameiuccessfulasabanker, Inrequestedwould be Injurious to her to have letters from mehouse that Mr. Stuart, on that day, dined with day.,livingin his family. Mr. Burch was much Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Douglas, In whose society he wasone left one atwaist myMrs. Burch." The following is Boyd's letter alludedstreeto'clock at night, and could not by possibility liave beenwithMrs.Burch.;a fear that the;would ijijare hermyfeet, IMr. Burch compels his wife to write down that Mr. Stuart had committed adultery with his wife when hethrough when Mrs. Burch cameafter these long goesre ;1 supposeshocked.That i have in word, action orBis employer remarked to bim that be bad beeawent toremised during the day to letIt was only alleged that shevisits,lookedred—shewasflushednoticed it on more than one occasionwithin sight or hearing of Mrs. Burch and Stuart, ex-isamost anddamnablelie. foulBurlington. StuartEut, when night came, bolted the door and Stuart did;Your request that 1^ should return to you what Inot in. Mr. Burch went to Burlington on the Slst get;were written in English;them. CaowLXT presently liecame very nmch ex*could show that every word of the con- fession was dictated by Mr. Burch and was untrue.had seen Mrs. Burch and Stuar, and expressed affection farstanding tion I tbink she once leaving hercan regret, from a desire if possible to share interfered to prevent further yioience, after lUellMr. Burch makes Mrs.Burch confess that on aawayinJanuary last,she came in the clined to leave him it was not for her children; ifwe ing them.staywithoutthink her's commenced sometimes mon amivrithher,;of affection or endearmenthad better The Sheriff helped the boys to the door.home orof the hand don't tliink I ;Weresuoyed bythe visita of a young man uamed Carlisle engaged until 11 o'clock P. M. TheyHand. Mr. Burch frequently desired that Boyd should from the occupation of t?oth Mrs. Burch and Stuart on seen Stuart In the act of kissing Mrs. Burch as before my office ; letters were sometimes given to one by the gat oxt8residingonce ain her first letter she requested me to write lothabiothe attendance of the witnesses In &e case, aoad &a b1tt thines Investigation was postponed until to-day. The dr*The next ume charged|as the time of Mrs. Burch's stated;to herwished me to writenext time I saw her to have a letter for herbecommission of adultery, was the 24th day of Decem-she requested me the merelyto be as follows communi- HOLiT, keeperber—Christmas eve. Mr. Stuart was playing from 5 d, and the startling fact was developed until 8, and danced at the Tremont House until 12#(•4dariie to ctmceal the visits ef young;;Satckoat Hoikiicg.couldshow,Mr. Miller continued reading:The witness hadwas sent to my house, andservantto aboveon one occasion Stuart was in the librarysaid, bawem, Both men worked for Mr.,J, 6iu of a stove-store at No. TSNaaaaa* street, and on Tuesday momlng lost Binni wad Ini* could not have been more amazed, confounded and the shop apparently under the influence of BqaoTawith Mr, Hubbard called and the young ladles went into the parlor to see him,and they went outin the parlor could not see themon oneand did not go home with Mrs. Burch. He and heard Mrs. Burch say, I am tired, oh, don't ;"ceptoccasion,without formal address, sometimes mon cher ami ; sheclosetogethersittingBurch wentnursery and said to her child,i;;have had correspondence with Mrs, Burc|i which com-same evening that I received It knowledge as to who has that reply.stairs her face so much ao that witnesswasfirst letterbut he denied that he had, and aeeaaed CaoTLXT, who stood by, with having carried tales toupdrinking,when she listened on the stairs;was neverany expression; ; they could not state the contentshave already positively stated I have destroyed is an insult so gross that I can hardly demean myself to re-Mr. GiLBOOLXT, when angry words paaaed befa s^;on some occasions in the evening, ivhen ;'Us time with Mrs. than mere esteembe tow Mrs. Burch came heme wUhCarlrle Boyd: on retum asked her husliand why he hodaot retamfttt;lect an occasion when she had refused to see company than she did by saying it ;can't say how manytimes;Where Is the ring ?'I wrote at the bottom of that,frequently" " Burch,;thtre thatnight,lightcomplainant:I was at CUcago ten years;is a twok-Family wiU be present and sing some fine temper- meeting.;;;have done;;the first personal familiarityI was not thereI went to Mrs. Burch's;:Stuart!nogivewas as followsing Mr. Burch's house since 18S«, until June, 1860retumtome the to his address, through post-office,dieunaMaeea ^Wasinduring the Fall of 1859 visited the house about three;deposition:the habit of visit- ;through the Paonsdt-mofefticheer matet Btrs. BmuertchhefreqautenMtrl.ytold ber we went to Aweasmnaoftlnie aton the third and fourth thethe fifth witness coula not tellBurch home from the at his own housepartyknew enteredthehouseallfourwentintothelibrary;you beingforgiven tie of confidence and love.Df MtSt Burch to Stuart at the time of Bate< trial, wttaaaa make testified that Mrs. Burch told ber the note ti>met Mrs. Burch during the Fall of 1859 and 1800 in the street;;yourwhom he follows is, and who will not break the bruised reed." has for me no attractions as;the appointments were made at Mrs. Burch'smay. than I knowledge of^an open enemythe expressing sympathy;had no recollection of ridingthe consciousness of my own deceit.; /interpretedwhatthesaidas expressing warm Jeelings ; she has spoken "; wasthere,butdidnotgowithUswUeof the direct exam-of 1859 October,The same piece ofMrs. for' papercame back, sayingshe has made such statementswe walked arm in ;me aI tliink that was the extent of the tok-Witness was cross-examinedwhen Mrs. Burch was sold to have left the padoT while Mrs. Neef was there, to talk aritb Stoart b th* library near the parlor on tbe appoette side of thethekissingoccurredatherhouseent except her and myself that I am awarepres-coold aee Ihareceived letters and replied to tljemcould not hadbumed "Mrs. Burch wrote first ; ;:Mrs. Burch to bum letters mjrI thought it have no recollection as to the time when sheon ofJoHH CaowLiT,;she did not state the subject upon which shecomstances of the assault arefirst letteryour at;nothing was said be-Williamye,are of age, whose death occurred at fibe Kew-Tork,;mine to call my attention to herbeing of the sameHospital,Thursday nightInconseqnaBcathe servant was sent to see If Mr. Burchwas supposethereasonwhyshedeswiarsed(hatMr.BurcK fvnUulsatnhyavebeenyaobuursed,butnotbyme.prerioasly Caewur< whoisrepresentedtobeofaverypassionatediaposl- tlon,committedthedeedontheimpulseofthemo*ofMrs,Burchwas shouldnotknowofmyvisit, t^atpotbeen onand it isspoke ;;good terms,visit themight considsehremsyaid I mudsutrinogt visimtohrinrinsgSof sence heopenthere was no signal as a means of dateHr. J. H. UOHUXEHT.—Backt,Treasurer of the;the restthe company;;;object of my privatewas viewswithMrs.Burchwassometimesfortheparptittfofme cannot tell were I first saw Mrs. ;she has sque*'Zfdknew David my hand, pressed my hand, pressed my foot with whom;fastened so as to prevent any inmate of the houseat the door was in the parlor Isome directed tbe child tobut to return thatbut to be saved and not there when Mr. Burch came home when Mr. Beckwith proceeded to read the cross-examina- ea to 12}i A. M., adjourned;ladies to come downand between us, did not be-The followingcast at the recent electionfootsproof It was on the evening of the of the His. lieve she desired any iiUcit connectionfessions. But a was maoe agalast Mrs. Burch tbink meeting as at the time 1 re-after ;charge torical Society that Mrs. Burch declinea to go with nieces were in the carriage with11,176 ;scattering,Fox, D.'JD., 8,^0;Tighe. all of whom could prove theirinnocence. While Mr. Barch claimed that he had that timethink Mr. Boyd called thatMrs. to deliverBurch's waistthings,;Burch had given twysvisits to mymother sadmireI>iA0i—Boerum.;time with Mrs.Uttle not seriously injured.ch^ld; Stuart"• •"»• JV-iPiBviLiE, IU., Friday, Nov. 2S.badlywho threwwas that could recollect of Mr. Stuart being alone he had met Mrs. Burch at parties unaocompaniefl byhisthe third time Mrs. Burch sent;;I suppose Mrs. Burch'sWaU, T«I|ob; : scattering,ttii4£H, Rensselaer does not live in the same town with Rep., 16,360; TooilUa, dTd., 14,376; CieBritnn,that the note to William (one house were Intended for all the family; she said givennot when I;Blacbley,of letters not remember anysent to David mother's on some ofparty; «>«,„gentlemanThe QniEXB Comrrr Hitbdeb.—Jonra LiJ(-Burehwouldliketoaeeberat"» timesgeneralandsomethnesi^eoislj of'titleed D;I doL;largeit was before we;on another occasion Mr. read, up to the adjourmneut, was mainly an answer versed with Mrs. Burch the ;replied that.he had nottention to effect such a purposebeen masked during the eveningstood by the door in;other occasion;was a masquerade partyMrs. Burch was wasmurderedwhileintbediscbargeofbiadn^bjton that evening at the;;the county,;; it was during the temporary absence of hear them talkamined now or in the morning. the libraryMr. Hoyne further sustained the objection of Mr. my brother and Mr. Burch's niece from the Iroom, think were not dont rememberthatjust as I and mytouched each other there was a certain ;;people rooms wereEquity Causes—Nos.brother were home goingthey wUspering;; itwasin did not Iriss her at that time more thanshe said she has invited me to leave the into an room, wherewouldnot notice that otherto the went in thatdid duringSO, Si, SS, J7, 1«,that he had no desire or in-;;considered burned jto death at near Centreport,Hnntlngbm, LL,P.examination suspended, and the adjnurnfj shook hands with him634 wasreading to yesterday; metM.,to 8)4 o'clock on Wednesday.Courthis manner Direct resumed-Hlui neverwas coiuiai.;not fitly what was in case thethink there;all theopen aU the timeguests room100,104. Jury8, 3i, 47, 48, 56, 58, 59,4«,21,;with him about it alncevisited Saratoga and Lake George with BaaA ttedo not think I expressedsup- at corresponding with of her second letter with the' views of my;I have thiscation, and if a thimderbolt had;; familiarities did not seem disagreeable toI may have put my hanJson her bosom in books did not observe a ;both of theone;;Madamhave destroyed such of your former letters as I had not bumed also all articles received fromJVnever School, Mr. Burch was vrith her """^^ "^ '"Ij,": was the best husband and the best match, but BssT,recollected an Interview with I whotoldberthatlira.Burchwould totheatrletafterwalkingfixing;mine;- hal no cause to ; hand never rested upon her dress covering her bosom except when UxsiOf ber, or putting my arm I recelTed a letter from Mrs.of two-monttas.ataroundwaist;or Jas,Onof Miss Fanny Burehtified that she could remember ofoffice,supposedblame let ;sation,BBOOKiiinr inBWS.The CouETB.—Citt Coust CAi.Dn>AK fO»;of1 mistook me fortlien;;theywere ^tJ^T^iXcoi^^ni'^^^ fhrS^en^jSt-SSl cabinet of:;;they were there probably half an hourCemetery.BoABD e» Caktaesibr—This Board met atber footCarfylo BoydFIFTH DAT.that sentenceall to Um. If I have not made wreck of his domestic remember what night during Josoph ToiiHr's rii^I have to-day received your letter, and I ^;Burleigh's partyStuart witness' own bonae lastof Ocftober ; at Mr. MoGeers' temporarily alienattaK from your hnaband a part iiiii aaliiai faaHllai In In thm ImflrBrt;;; and onnot result inyoursell and him, but that having confessed to fault, (which is rather mine,) you migh—t each find—he in forgiving and in a stillstating IwroteonthesamepieceofpaperHenry BoydMrs. Burch waa there ;iBoi^ also,gave it to the boy.times have had On Jan. 14, 1 received;M:morning onlyreceived droppednotof the domestic n^plness of;atnodwwairldl byeonl,eshsowmevrecri,fuIlctahnannottthheinMkastheart "present change prepared—on MicUgan-avenue, and on Washington- the consequences to myself of my conduct, be they Burrill and Stuart, and had ao told him In a letter'^Bd to tie from Mr.that her hus- band thought I had them in evidence of her shame andhusband might again trust her;further describing the kissing in the carriageBoyd,andotherincidentsalreadydetailed. Witnesssaidpresence;upon the body ofBmni, an.BngUsbmaniis true that I enticedin theyour husband, 'you please but,—deserves to bepressed none to have interviews unjsna^n to or him, or some Information as to the reason wliich earnest effort has been made by Its managers daring;me both in letters and conversa- ceived from you, at yourjrequest, and if you doubt, I a severe blow upon the head. Mr. Gilboout baalet him dare to tell meAn Idonotknowofajiyothetrhraenahseorn calledforcoursewhichyouhaveadopted,Imustre- rassment,and,asweleam,withsanguineUqieathatremembered.; it seemed to me that my vigts were objec- lias induced you to pursue the extraordinary and un- the past year to rdieve the Institatlon from embar-tionable to himthat Mrs. Burch could have for my pr^enoe have;she expressed ajdeslre to to knew that Mr. Burch vi*s not likelyhadThursday anrt,desire for my societyme there; Ibe at home during whtheetherafthernwoounlject (Signed.)CARLYLE BOYD.;the light was to be left burning in her roomand thesecond,thatthereshouldbe getshiswifetosignadeedwaivingherrightsof nature.Theyclaimedtherighttoadducesuchad- andsawMrs.Burch,andstaidaboutawnahsoutrheinthe keeperforMaltland&Scrantland,Commissionmer- ancemelodies.Interestingspeakersvrilloddreaatbe;;deposition of Hannah Humphrey, relating to a partyMrs. Burch tore her dress in dancing, and went up those child-faces, think from what you b^e b^od todoubts on the subthe Let not the present crisis deter the friends of benevolence from present-Cbicaoo—•work may be nearly completed.dancedbeforethecaine place lampasdi-call.At this point the Court having;were in different rooms were conversing and I was standing in the vi-theycinity of the doorcould not-hear them conversing they were standing opposite each other pretfy closewUch was ordered to be published in all the leading pa^rs.the expressiou was pleased;could not;CiEctni Cooai—In this Court yesterday, BiAEDSiir vs. BsABDSLiT,—inter- evidence was required that Mr. Burch wanted;;presumetbe ease of sctlon for dlvoiee on OBor that was introduced to her four oryesterday.by sight Harry CushingI so far as the—Postponed. In consequence of the stormlast^ "^^ 1 stood looit-;returning said, Mr. Burch don't like the I cannotTBI it." She then said, it la lucky for Burch that 15,005.visit toprevious, except about;at the annual donation visit of••brtiS c»lillovedof vio* lence received on "Tuesday last it Is said- at the bandaCacsx.—The second of Bie sea- temperance meetingson at O&viLLs GAonma's Coffee and Reading-room,theself and the defendantbt ¥hmD.—A Mrs, Tms, wifis of Wa. Titus, and her sister, Mrs, Dutai, warefollowing The day.thalup^ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comMMdHMttiejii ±Jfe£MaiiAA£Hifl