 $f i. r-flI expect to find tbo poblic of New York star;din* favor of that great principle TCOfjpa »ir>gje i x c * ^ borle^ujee l a e t n i 8 ^^bo Jape«ce and war have upheld this Republicanire will not now destroy its apparent d««ttay.cn>P ^;^ a L t f A N Y RATIFICATION. 'then -introduced arhi cheers -asd'-hxiirta4iW'''''He.'inid~- had ^m}f,iQT^i^^^^When the reeotutiona wew pat, the nays were as2oad and impulsive as the y^aa. A. a ene of intense SQUATTER g^BEIfiSS W TIE confusion ensued, and lasted some minutes. Cheerswere given for Douglas and Breckinridge with almoste^u^ngbt&--TlH>ma8 Jefferson and Andrew Jackson.can be bestowed, and always def%aing to* w^ " S iDemocratic Tp^/ofwmf^^^all hold offices—tbat portion seceded with tbo dowKs&&••'recogi izes the right of e^erj State in the Unio^i, fas0 0 til<5 ' %equal *ebemence. P-J.B.WrightofMa«e«chuf>eW8wasthefire*speaker. Dtirinj?thespeech, numerous slight disturbances oo ttarTeo^amorg the crowd, and M-. M-. Wright said,*' W e have not eome h# re to-night to attack t-iose who have nou united Mr. Do'gtoa for the Presidency. iCheers were given for Douglas.) We eome for ajgbtr aad nobh-r puipose.We are the party for the whole Union [a voice8.W.JonesofTenn.;pb^rf0^o;JamesGar- ptripestApplause'1andI trust in.Godthat/tiheConstat oWxfbusir.e«s,aud letits neighbors alcne. [CbSjjCT*, tution and the. Union wiD continue and spread its Looking over the list of them, I am.struck witbr^he 1ofabenroi&itvy.,wbicbhaiovwwhelmedo*r%doubtlesst2>epiece played last eveniag,for*•- time, at Laura Keene's Theater. It hi eaJUd fecon," and is a cdever alteration of another m , founded originally upon the alory of Princea and the Princess JQadoura, in the Arabia*"Noteo. Laoguu-f}—no new principle to advance, no new mensnres of governmental p m<y to propose,The unterrified section of tbe Demotf-ttcy of +ac kIb» people are niv ppople, an'l its destiny 'aria falte nhall bemine, fCbeerri.JNow,IthinkIharetwidenoughtosat- the Union as a Slave State; worshipers that1haveeverbeenpaced inapositionwhere,Wm isfy each and every one that I am a Democrat, of the iWilmot proviso, revivers of the Fugitive Stave 14The plot of the piece' runs'as follow*: g New-Yorker;—bis name *• Persimmons— place of Camaralzamao, aoxT the daughter aFbrethr*n. Such a victory would be accompanied byf•were given for Breckenridge with immense accord] whose delegates were representatives of Dtmocratic States* were reckoned certain for the ticket whenever there was a fair nomination.follow the tomahawks of the Sachems, and immedi-viotetc thosf gre^t cardinal principles in whicbT«hj& great Democratic party standa unifed, and to w;hicr now as in former times, it staude irrevocably pb*Te eake of c mpetition with himself, wibo ishhbek dishonor.. * .{ ately on the opening of the dodrs two or three huu- the DcK,?crat'<5 p'at^0,t"> and stand there at the re- esac, fc aft*rh»fandstartsinaclrpper-fibipofhisf*ther'sforHe was defeated at the Mechanics' Institute, and there wasnotonemantherewhowasauthorizedtositat Charleston and Baltimore. [Cheers and cries of " bolt"\ dreds of them took possession of the platform, while quest of tK Southern portion of this Union. They from Alabama. I want nowinterventidn onthe subjectThe cha»ge Of irregularity does not affect us as it up of those who are or will be voters.'During yesterday, Mr. Douglas received a J^g^r Prfcc'8»,' vad the reprobates axe d&rposed of to the sat-doestiiorewhoperformed their parts,on the boardsof the Front-street Theater- Many of the delegateswerenotlega>rydel-gutedthere. .Theycouldneverhave nominated Douglas if the foil legal representa- meeting. He was unanimously elected.tivesof the country had been there. Wenavegot Mr.TIEMANS said: Iammuchobliged to.youforvoteoftheDemocracyofthewholecountry. [C&pers. the people, whom will'you??trust--Congre8S?.' MyAn enthusiastic Irishman undertook to get up a cM^er God, ifyou had ever seen Congress you never would HeteL, and among those wlkr welcoxsed Hmto|tejisfactio:icfeverybody.Thetilsjristheproduction-ofMessrs.FitzJames 0'J5rie» ihd C. G. Boeenbery-Mr. O'Brien, we be- £lfeye, oft g responsiliie for al? of the song* and titohere given for Douglas.] important elections that tbiB country has ever held. Loud cries were fr-re made for Cushing and Yancey. We bave a sort of a thre*-cornered or triangular fight Mr. Wright resuming, implored the friends of Mr. tiiis time for the ticket and the Union. [Cheers.] InBreckinridge not to bold any bitterness toward those my opinion, the only way in which we-can perpet- who now disagree with them, but to use all hospitable uate and insure the safety of the;Union, is for the Dem-rewirtaaco against the R« publicans in the State con- ocratic party to be one and indivisible. [Cheers.] If test. tbe Democratic party is broken up^ then we bave very „ During this speech an impromptu meeting was | httle hopes of preserving the Union, for it is really the formed, which rivaled the regular meeting in en- ' only party in the country that w conservative and thusiasm. Union-loving. [Cheers.] I thank you again for doinggr^atmassof the peeple:who are/governed; and if we | however, reee'ived witft cheers for the Empire Club Judge* Parsons of Alabama, Bland- Duncan'of Ken> foongsa; al? excellently written, and'thatthe languagetwo or three hundreds more scattered themselves over or me sound enongh fj ^ ^ r k i n d i e s e p n this ocasion. (Thr*e cheers sAvfx' ^or Douglas,and loudcriesandhurrahs.([Seyerikt other speiakess followed, btu*v too 1»|p;Jeddo, wabere he finds her tire, the Tycoon, and goes • throng i fill sorts of tribulation and opposition to pecare jbrr'nai dfand " do" Young Coon. In the end the Ty- coon is killed—the Fairy gives up aft claim to th* hand\ of Per irLmons, and it all ends happily in the tuusai"birieeq w style, that is to say, the Prince marries theyear*.. * In Congress lie battled for these very princi- cupied the only • gniund safe and honorable Government whether it was or not the will of theyesterples. H e would not say he was a Democrat, because lor both parties. A secessionist from his own Stjate Democritic' party,, hed determined in their own minesihen matters assumed a far more somber aspect, whichthe low price of grain did by no means tend to soften.he badnot belonged to the Democratic party, but he met tbciU'Ou the platform of common principles.to make the nomination of Stephen A. Douglas an im- possibility by thrusting him upon a piattorm upon which it was known he could not stand. If Mr. Doug- las had never written his letter- to that gentleman in Wisconsin, declaring that ho would not be a'candidatein its favor on the subject of Slavery, in Kansas or elsewhere. He then was just beginning to be under-'said, after the split at Charleston, "Thank (*od, the d—o Democratic party is broken up at last!" This this. In his opinion, the votes of the B^uth were to •was the general language of the secessionists. WouldThe farmers became discouraged; the little surplus stood, was just reaching the sound common-sense of' above expenses, at tbe end of each harvest, had leftTbe •Moon Battery on Beuloo'slHuind, wbioh mounts guns, was completed |on\ Friday. Th» 'i*3fcHe referred »o nis past course in Congress to provebe divided bt.tw* en Bell and Breckenridge. He ex- the rxittr^bant princes of New-York go with them?the masses. Douglas was in all inspects a nationalir eir tends to pay interest on the Eastern capital, with which thj-ir farms were encumbered., None of it Icame back again ;and the farmers were no better off, wljien tfcey had'paid it, than before. For when discourage- ment has once taken hold of the people of a wholebeen lowered 18 inches jin order to. protect the me: much as possible from an enemy's fire,•(iff-.|| pnTt-ose of entermg mto anypolitic-1duyussion^ or!jam:. denounced tbe admifsion of Arkansas into- *tol«S<*l topic. I t is the first time in my wholejj if*S^'^f^j/'V^\<r«Mt'-gbod'-'J. The whole country i« the theatre o»' &**? '^SntiflflrE'i-'WBanew, yqurinterestand yoor influence, andl; i:pBxi> a Democrat, of Tennessee, born in Virginia, reared souri only two., .TIieiDemdWaBy of TM ^ ^ w ^ ^ S i ' '0^m *° 8jmpa*hlze with the people of a distantmm in Tennessee; a i d l have ever cherishedana advocated no, not the Democracy, but those- reafdV^ " ^ { ^ v txen'of the R* public, ss much as with thoso who ai the pxinciph-.a of the great leaders and champions of always"on hand to take all the Federal oiss£ :->MiU rx'ore immediate co&tact with you. Hence, my tq«Ax 'fHffi%Z&.:JM.•;•;-•Speeches by Hon. Mej^n. Parsons of Alabama* » e a^e s'Hl under tbo ean e Constitution, and;: within'liiim®]Ch«=ers.3 I address you as mv countrymen, becausethesameUnion,andprotected'by^thesame.;star*and CalebCushinsrTtbreegroansl,:.Besjaaiin'X1.HftlfeW?^PW affairsandmindits> ** a Scuthern manj and as aand hit*ec9.] The one hundred and five voces, every tbo room. This number was incceaaed during tha; Democrat whose Democracy is as broad as those of y»-ars; it has, been the skeleton in our household,,that question becauee it has been fixed to us for fortv* one of which is recorded for these nominees. [Cheers eveniig to a thousand within the hall, and another the founders of thi? party, Jefferson and Jackson. threatening us unceasingly with Disunion. If our•'•• aA.Hwithout; and a* tbe women and younger children, who had been attracted by the lights and music went away when the ppeaking began, tbe 2,000 were maioly madeWhere does Stephen A. D>Dglaastar)d upon this qnes- free government rests in succumbing to Such tyrannytion which is now attempting" to divide the Dciaocratic of factions, our free government is a failure. I be- this editioa.l :•. I: .•'..jjs.K-i-?'->'; •/• : • • . ; SI 1WM. D.KENNEDYcalled the meetingtoorder,and nominatedDAN£.P.TIEMANNasChairmanoftheonhfflaccount;buthishatheingimmfdiatelysmas&ed trustit,inanything; Thespeaker was quoting over his eyes, he subsided ] Me stands where tirV the ideas of Jefferson-, ots the same subject.pailve^er'stood,inbeheving'that government shouldI [TheEmpire Club^htre|march4d intothehall,lectby right principles a right platform and right candidates, doir-g me the houor to preside over this meeting, • I< be founded in the consent of the governed, and alt^ov-r' !a band of music, and warryiug several transparencies,cityandexpressedtheirgratificationathienomrhatip* wereElijahPurdy,Geo.Sannderar,CommfesiOnerI BeTJ, John Clancy, R. B. Connolly Augaet Bel "plaired why he had not supported Bell. His platform God forbid. They went for a Southern confederucywas verv patriotic, but another qoe<rtaon was now be- and an alliance with England, securing direct "trade of the Democratic party if it repudiated the ancient doc- bis intellect aod patriotism; and in a past time, whenwith Europe, and leaving New-York out of sight en- trine ofnon-intervention,we shouldhave seen at Charles- fore the" countrv, which it was inportant should be tirely. The planting interest 'which had built up New ton a unanimous support of the Cincinnati piattorm. plainly set beiore th» people, and decided upon by York, the men who made their cotton bales whici And in ojder to accomplish that Jesuit, they stimulated them. Mr. Ha^hal! was not interrupted except by an supplied the exchange for the trade of Ne*--York, the portion of the people in the extreme Southernfanatics were trying to defraud the South of its rights,it>looked to Douglas for protection, nor was the callmade in vain. Th»- §outb, then, would not be alarsaed,Thet 1st of Jstrength of tbe United States army on thf , was as foliows: 16,667-~apportioned thus : nts of cavalry, 10 companies each; two* ofalarmoffire.He was followed by Gen. Waul of Texas.During the meeting there was every evidence of aWerebynomeansanxioustobreakupthisUnion,and States,who,tosaytheleastofthem,hadnotbeenitsaw.,thenamesofDongla*andJohnsonenrolled rantedproportions. Thus,ifafarmer,withaniceanddragoon; 0companieseach;oneregimentofmoon*ledhis ships to California for the present. Tne newsagents who are in the habjt of sanding large quanti-ties of the New York and foreign papers and periodi-cals by that line, also the various newspaper offices in.town.roll nowoptains only 500 names;MARINE AFFAIRS,LJLUKCRXS.which send man's to the Pacific region through theA distinguished Democtat, wbose name did not reach the reporter's table, read the following resolutions:November, and should reiterate this belief wherever he went. [Applaure.]better quality, and of far easier and cheaper cultiva- tion. The. average production of Iowa prairie) lapd may be estimated at &0 bushels of wheat per acre andI>08t Office have, this week, been balked by the Com-Whereat, The ascendency of principles can onlj be main-lyinp: them on platforms expressing the geteral views, convic- the speeches of the stceders, axd I read their protests.the question was, what part New-York would take—would she s>and beside the National Democracy of theSou'h, or the Dumnionists 1 [" Three cheers" for the i-eceded from the Baltimore Convention in 1848. Theriflemencompanicompanies; four regiments of artillery -, ijg eh, and ten regiments of infantry, 10r com- beside 180 oavaby dragoons, 2l4f artil-disturbing element, hut there was no disastrous re-iroJt, as was apprehended, the applause of each party TJnion" were called for, but failed itinid much laugh- Democracy .of Alabama, instead of being wise, likeThe Hon. JOHN1 FORSYTH of Mobile came forwardamid tremendous cries for Douglas and others. He of bis creditor. For all of his neighbors are as poorjaspanieslery,36<| antry, and 330 other officers, averag/aigon© . ifbeing given without interference. 1When the meeting adjourned the Douglas men at-tempted to get up a meeting, but fresh disturbances were'cheeked by the appearance of the police.some of the sober old deacons at the caoop meetings, put him on a batk seat, put him up to teach tbe Demo- cratic party. [Applause.] Mr. Yancey came to uster, and there was eome slight rowdy demonstrations.]The DieunioDists bad done everything in their powerto break up the party, and .to prevent the nominationof Douglas. But the people's train was in too rapid wilh bis platform ready made, cut and dried: " Here, motion to be 9topped by so slight a shock as their with- "gentlemen, here is my platform; take it, and I willsaid that he was on his way home, for the purpose oftaking part in a contest not to be "surpassed. He hadspoken to 20,000 people at a Douglas meeting in Phil-adelphia, and lost his voice. But it was the pride of Who is to hinder him? Such instances are by no the Democratic party that a man could come from the means rare; and ten to one but the Eastern creditor, extreme South—the cotton State of Alabama^—and take who has thus bought the farm (worth perhaps $5,000) by the hand the gentleman from the corn State of at $100, will turn round and say that he has been swin- Ohio. [Cheers. ] He could answer for it thit there were dled in the West out of $700. 1 ', thousands of true Democrats in the Sonthern States whowould net bwerve from their allegiance, and go over to A few words more about the real value of Western sectionalism, as Bncnanan and Breckinridge had done. lands: Why should lands' in Iowa, for instance, ,bePopular Sovereignty was tbo only great national doc- worth less than lands in New-York, Ohio, or Indiana ? trine. He had a thousand speeches to make before They are intrinsically worth far more, for they are jofTBZ CAI.170RJS1A MAILS.—Mr. Vanderbilt has re- orawal. As fell tbe mantle" of Elijah of old, so the ' go with you, provided I like the candidate." My mantle of Andrew Jackson had fallen upon tbe hero of Gcd! is ihis the party of Jefferson and Jackson. [No, fused to carry any newspapers or other mall matter by the age, Stephen A'. Douglas. [About this time savage np.1 If w<s as delegates, had acceded to the cries for Douglas begau to interrupt Mr. Parsons, and Alabama platform, every one of us would have de- he soon ykldtd to their pertinacity.] served to have bis face blacked and to have been sold for a slave. [Applause.J They came out with a Becond Ex-Mayor TIEMANS said that Mr. Johnson was Hot plaiform, the one which has been adopted by this aecond offthot at Baltimore. But with the best.of my endeavors, I bave never jyet been able to find the fiist person that could tell me what that platform did really mean. It was a device intended to hide their defeat, tamod through the agency of party oxganization8, knitting th* and'meant nothing. I verily believe that it wouldmodore.•In viin have applications been made to his agent, masses of men togetccr ir purs..it of a common object, and ral- read as well" up side-down as otherwise. I have heardThe Hon. E . C . MARSHALL of Kentucky was the 30 .bushels of barley. For the growth of corn there isnext speaker. . He said when be had learned that both no better soil'to be found than in Western Iowa; it Rosevelt^ J$>yce &, Co., at the foot of |Houston street^ of theyConventions had broken up and gone home averages from 50 to 100 bushels per acre. Nowhere yesterda) n lOrniDg. She was built for E. L. G»nrog witboufc saying a word about the President—had en- can cattle be raised cheaper, and more profitably thantirely ignorrd that venerable old public functionary, he on the rich prairies, extending from Jasper County towas raiher surprised," fsr between theih they should the Missouri slope.Mr. Allen; in vain have all the express companies tions, and wisbes of those who adopt the same. and, Tiny were too pure to be in our Democratic been appealed to. Mr. Vanderbilt has notified the Whertat, The discipline of party is thus made in itself a. test Tof principle, and party organization is thus rendered notmeroly party; ihej conld not abide with us who did Whole of them that if they dare to forward even a sin- tho form of fai-h, but in great part the only pos.ible meaos not accede everything to bow to Slavery. thiough which that faith can become operative and vital to the . And yet, two or three weeks later, the self-fame gen-of this ci y and is intended for the Brazil trad*, Ths>gle new^aper or letter be will cut off their contract, good ofth*> ration; arid,taA will not allow them to send anything by his steam- Whereat, In accordance with the time-horored usagea andtlemen thrust themselves upon UBat the Baltimorehave imitated the example of their predecessors, andpaid a transient and lying compliment to a renegadeIsabella i is clipper model, about 190 tuns harden* and. Now take one county, for instance, and see vrhat mea«urefc i i, length 92 feet; depth of hold,. 9 feet;cu.-t ORM of the Democratic patty, the DeusocroCy of the Union,Vfce-Pre>idenc3'. to be voted for by the National Democracy in bim; and instead of thrusting onr candidate upon themnies to do the same thiog. or to prepare for the worst. the ensning Prenidential C»»n paign; and and taking unfair advantage oy preventing any of their Wherein, The penc*, dignity, acd existence of this Union,The' consequence of this is that the Post-Office is to- banded! down to us b^ our forefathers, and so fraught with States from being fully represented: we so far alteredday surfeited with newspapers intended for the regular ble»uu.a to- all States and sec ions of tho country, are now the rules of the Convention as "to require that the nomi- jeopardized and pl«ced in immloent peril by the imros'.rainod nee should, get foar-fiftbs of the votes remaining in ynftil of yesterday, and tne news agents havetheir n.;?** of sectional passions, nursing from aiftercut point*, but aim- the Convention. It was under this rule that StephenDemocratic Pros dent. He saw in the gathering pres- Iowa, has about 8,000 inhabitants. The land is or t|ieent a glorious promise for the destiny of this imperial very best quality; the Mississippi and Missouri Rail-city, and drew a vivid picture of the time when, nur- road, running west from Davenport, will reach the tured to strength bv Democratic culture, the American county this Fall yet; a thriving little town of about Eagle should stand on the Rocky Mountains and scatter 1,000 inhabitants—Grinnell—is on one end of the tbe spray of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans with his county. Here farms can be bought, partly improved, respective wings. [Cheers for Marshal and for Doug- at $5 per acre; that is to say, a man worth $1,000 can las/] become immediately the proprietor of a farm largeThe Hon. JAMES KA V AKAGH of Minnesota followed enough for any family, and still keep $200 for farming with a short speech, and the meeting broke up in the implements, &c. Timbter land is worth from $8 tjo | t 0ers at alL He refuses to take the newspapers as freight in National Convention assembled, have nominated sound, wor- The rule of tbe party was that the nominee for the—not at any price—-and commands the express compa- thy, ai.dreliable Democratic candidates for the Presidency and Presidencv should have two-thirds of the votes givenferers, or rather victims, would seem to be useless. have power enough to bo acgrexnive; andWhereat, In tbo Demr-cratic p»rty *"* have always recognizedThe letter mail, fortunately, is not at his mercy. That auid leverenced. in times of peril and doubt.,the one true bul- warkandbuckler,atoncetheswordandtheshield,ofcivilandmiles from the city, all in cultivation and with many pire Club, which bore in quadrangular smmotry, the improvements, at a price ranging from $10. to $25 perinjrltoward one coo nion object: and • "^Wheeuf, Tbe a ceudency of the Constitution and the main-r«l jing together in support of one conservative ticket of all' the National, Constito*ion-loving, and law-abiding elements which exist among us, and which hold themselves equally opposed to extreme tecti-nal pasaions, emanating from what quarters they may: andagent of that line in Charleetoo.paperB left on their baud* at a very heaicp pecuniary loss, while thousands on the- other side will be disap- pointed in not receiving their papers.The money lont by agtnts alone in this cry, in the purchase of popers for their Sun Francisco and Sacra- X&ento homes, for the last steamer,- cannot be estimatedat lew* than $25,000 or $30,000.Mr. Vanoerbilt appears to have sole control of theroute, by steamboat and railroad, ax both ends of theline, and obstinacy or hostility on the part of the suf- and wbeievei else the Black Kepublican party feel or think they would . have al'ovr* d a man whose creden-tei.unce of the Union (an only be achieved and upheld by the :A. Douglas was made the overwhelming choice of the Convention. I believe in the sacred law of self-defense. Tbe common law. as I used-to practice it in '.ho county courts, required that a person should not lift his hand until he had been driven to the wall; and.when the Democratic party had been driven to- thd wall at Charleston, «*ay that the hacred law of self-defense rested with tho Convention to prevent a repetition of the scenes at-Baltimore. Thank Go<1, we aiadoancient tumultuous Tammany ttyle, all present being eag^r to participate in the perenade to Mr. Douglas (so the Chuiiman said) at the Fifth-avenue Hotel.THE SERENADE.Tbe crowd then proceeded to the Fifth Avenue Ho-acre; five acres is enough for a farm of 1G0 acre*; per;but even that can be dispensed with by laying out a small strip of the'farm itscJffor timber. In ten years you can raise the thickest locust grove on your mrh, which wm last, for COTintlefB geneTttUODs.; Take another example: Davenport is a city of 15,00C" inhabtt-ints. on the Mississippi River, one of the most bearitifnl places in thatbeautiful region. At present,Whereon, We recognize in tho Democratic party the only or-ganization truly representing those principles of which ThomasJefferson wan the philosopher and Andrew Jackson the livingt>pe; and for the reason that tbe Democratic party in tim>j» pasthas always proved itself the onh reliable, tree, and competent a. good bargain of it. Wo got rid of Yancey and oiganizatlon for tbe defense of State Rights, and the rights of Slide)] 'and received others and more patriotic men our adopted citizens, n^w unjustly assailed in Massachusetts, at Baltimore in their places. [Cheers.] / nevertel on foot, and by means of several wagons whichconveyed tie bands and a large ]of of transparencies! farms can be bought at a distance of from five to tenA N E^c excit'vjairlyA powe;was intround thIWG SCSKX WITH MR. RARET.—TJ^' yaoete we ever witnessed was wfcat vve may mo-Zl ~ZZ£ Uiweehmafi « * tho horse. and most beautifnJ thorough-breaI'-ed into the arena. The horse lookedudience, stood on his hind legs, plowed up and presented the most vivid picture of agoes by the overland route.m •••• •'»JWINTMJK GARBICN.—Mr. and Mrs. Dion Bourcicaultappeared at this house bouse last night, in tbe dramaof " Jes.ie Brown." The house was fair, but the to Hencbel V. JohisnnofGeoigia,ourwarm,umtedanddo\'oicdexertions in tbe comin'g contrst have risen against it as a map. Any gentleman be- comi any, for the most part, cheap, which accounts for Jlttoleed. That w© recognize in Stephen A. Douglas the only longing to the Richmond Convention, in my individualthe fact that the theater was not crowded. Mr. Leeson' true rfcbtful and regular N; judgment, was disqualified to belong to a Demo- officeof/President,nowbeforethepeople;tbhoatwe*»reprioudand cratic Convention. [Gieat cheering.] The Con-which will doubtless be mended in time; Miss Kate Z3T>i Beignoldf, as " Amy Campbell," is by no means so Hctotced, That in Hervchel "V. Johnson of Georgia, Senatorcoal-field, extending even down into Missouri. Andjjit personifi d rearing at the barriers with his teeth,DcuK'as will have, a worthy colleague, whose brilliant abilities. good as we had reason to hope. Mr. and Mrs. Bourci- • xper it-need statesmanship, long and well-tried patriotism, and sound lie.uiocjatlc principle*, are a guarantee of his fitueau foriu owing to this fact that we may with certainty look to the future establishment of manufactories aW along the line of the Mississippi River. That the. time wUl come is nt>t to be doubted. When, depends mostly upon our %u*fern capituliuts. With money at so Iowa nite of interest as to be almost a drug iu the market, where is there a belter chance for the employment of it than in the extensive West ? Lot their attention be•turned toward it. •- • '- ' ••< nil ———-==3B=3furious!having washed bis hands and rested for arerislons liberty—therefore be it and it is herebyRctofved, That we, the National Democratic Electors of theCity and County of New-York do hereby cordially and heartily inoorfe and ratify tbo nominations m»de by the regular National Democratic Convention at its late adjourned meftingin Balti-ominiously the whole lerjgth of the arena. the horse broke clear away from alt, and oment as a conscions victor in the midstrie. without any timber. Such is not the case."> All Id the animal. He scattered every' man unable toproper nominee, and then gone to the Demo.-ratic Con- more ; and that wo pledge to Stephen A. Donglm of Illinois,, and vention fdr ado.iwiioo. Why the whole, South wouldof the eajeIt is generally thought that Iowa is altogether prai boh cam i » Mr. l^rey's help^ but they were utterlyglad to ratify his nonduation—enlisting with our whole hearts andmade a hit as the old Minister; Mr. Daly was too quiet r i vention in Alabama was a mere prolongationnud unimpassioned as '*Randall McGregor," a fault ene xl«- •> under his banner, and assured that his many conteststion declaring the stceding States out of order, suddenly tarned and left us, and carried seven of the North with ih« m", and Mr. Cushing declared them to be the true Demo<-ratio party. '(Three terrific groans for Cush-over the State are Blattered beautiful groves; and each and cveryt ingaround him like chaff. He vrsa bathed little stream coursing through the geatio undulations or. in a whi cam, and sending up rolling clouds of vapor theprairieislinedoneachsidewithtimber. Butthere fromhis 'y. Atonemomenthetosseduptliostraw iH still another point which makes it to be regretted wildly, tother he sent tho strong barriers nyiog in that the development of this State has been so sud- 3, and for eome time he stood the completeduring tbe past auoiter of a century in behalf of Populbave endeared bim to^the people as their friend^nd chamj 'ion.Brooks of The Express, and many of his more ardent of secession. Virginia, wbnrb first passed tne'resoia-i supporters. Tbe pirlors were filled with these gentle-cault were received with mucu applause, and can never the high office to which he has been nominated.fail -to be popular. ' * . Ht*flved, That we heartily and most earnestly indorse, tho ing]. And Breckinridge allowed himself to get into amen and with their ladies, many of whom had visited tbe hotel for tho purpose of seeing not only the Little Giant but Mrs. Douglas, but wbose beauty and talent have given her scarcely loss renown.After a strain of muric and some confusion among bote who occupied the front of the balcony, Mr.Douglas began. . - FELLOW-CITIZENS: I return you my sincere thanksor tbis manifestation of your good feeling. It is gratifying to me to know that the united Democracy of the City of New-York feel the importance of the.great contest now pending before tho American people. There is io place on the American continent where the citizens ought, from their position, to be so enthu-Mr.Raf , again ventured to approach him. Then few minMr. Smith spoke at length upon the principles in- tiou which, while maintaining intact fte ictegrityof our Gov- fatioral Democracy! It would almost be equal to ernment, will insure the progress of our institutions.volved in the contest. K'» Ufd, That American citizenship, once acquired, is right- the Black Republican gathering at Chicago. I discover Mr. TerwiBiger reviewed the platforms of the re- fully a perrons! attribute of the citizen, accompanyIUK him wher- that tbe State of Now-York, which is entitled to sev- spective parties, and urged a firm adherence to that evtr he may go; and that any attempt on the port of foreign gov- enty delegates, was represented by two; Pennsylva-,.. - . '.^ Mv friends I made my «ppeaWM»o^ b)e> sdi'gs over, every part ;of our country, as long as fact that thev are chiefly waiters on the Presiderit*^- *That'e light.' ] My friendsri made my -ijppea^do^diner of Georgia, John Fw^Jth ofllabama, there is a white man to enjoy its possession. I took a curious men, fellow citizens,- revolted Abolitionists? of! on this bslccny to night for the purpose of ack'jowledg-andEd. C. MarshaUof Iyvthrough ticket on the earlytrain of the Democratic j»arty. the olden times; men who like Caleb CushiirjF | 'ing Jjbe complement you have paid uie. and not for\M•••me- ftnd lilrn here .tornight- as such to unite with you in .Act, consumers of pont-oflBce blanks, dowagers' about- tolcok on and ate thr fifir^t withoat taking a fl bnt march forward in ruppo't of the great princiolA of tropolis ratified Squatter Sovereignty, Doughs, and ratifying .the nomination of the, standard-bearer of the tbe navy yard, leeches sucking tbe federal treasury at: in it. [Applause.] \ shall, however, feel nonethe Conflation. W e s-aud forward to support Breck- 8 Ipsrint^r'8'ed in thi* gr^at' political struggle,; f*r£ Jobneonlastevening,intheOldWigwam. A.bra*.* Democraticparty—theregularnominees-StephenA. bothends. [Tremendousapplause.] LetusthankGrod' firmlybelievethatthepeaceofthecountryaQfr^inridge and Lane [cheers] bec-tuse they are for the ba d, a few fireworks, and a pair of calcium lights 'Douglas. [Cb«>ers and applause;] And why aui I that we are delivered of them. [Great applause.] ,perpetniiy of iheUnion depend npon maintaiata«,irij-thatofBadoura. Afrerb&<eightofher the room where his father has locked tap eh she has been brought by the DjTa—Kog-Union.* Victory would ho purchased a* too great aco»* if it was a victory at *h*»-.cost of our Southern attracted a large number of the gentle savages who^o-njght recommending these nominations to thevDe-cracy of the whole Union ? It is, my countrymen, roi>v 6becfltx" they stand -on Democratic principles and onThey go out from among us, because they have oeverbeen of us, aDd tbe Democratic party is the better forit, because it is free, and can be earnest for its trueprinciples. I respond to the sentiment of myfriead Wrk its party platform and organization. [Cbeera.:] j the fa^ to of tbe Fairy, he makes up his mind to runweresotrndi^enaD^^ey°**soundnow;atleastofslaveryintheTerritories.,iTheremustbeanena^ A^uewtoyoutheexprefaionofnTyshicarejhaarparty1 He stands where the entire party^t "od* fa 1856, lieve in tbe capacity of the people for freo government, where James Buchanan and John • C. Brecfc&aridge whether of the people of the State of New-York, or. stood, upon which platform they, received the suited the most remote band of pioneers. If you cannot trust:' MGTEMENTS O? MR. DOUGLAS , ramber of visitorsat bis.roomsintheFifth Avenue•aid we ate -going ahead. [Some faint cheers were | considt-r that we are now on this eve. of one of the most ercments are to be admmistered for the crood or the «r but with a v-sry small asray of numbers. They were, Mr. Blaker,: George-McLeam Judge jtJreese of BHnoisf .great Ofthe diaSbgue. When we. add that ttwwill keep that in view and st'eer directly to this, in such |i "Voice—*' Here is no Black RepubBcan cluo!" " N o , tuckyj Mr. McMastcrs, Senator Pugh of Ohio a manner as to insure ibat great object, we will never tbey are played out!"] Mr. PVCVL then proceeded:go far off. Where, If ask, is Stephen A. Douglas? "We only intend' to preach their gihe Black Repub- other prominent and^weflrknown Democractic' IADd where* does the Democratic party.stand? lican] funeral ^Dfrmon next'Novembor. I was about Mr. Douglas appeared to be in excellent heaftH, Does it sSand on sectional ground ? Does it t<rsay that those who ^(eserBed tbe Democratic organ- wiU probably leave town to day or to-morrow. rally to tbe support of the GbDstitettf.on, as administered ization are anxious to hide their own nakedness byfor the whole country. For that, if rightly adminis- propotirig to us of tbe regular organization, all manneris fort noes part good, and at times absolutely brfl- W&at, 3o but simple j a ^ c e to Mr; O'Brien,li; &ia c krdinal point in jStrrl«sqde writing to choosea subje with which tbe public k perfectly well *o* qnain br the said public will-obtusely fail to see th^pofrit bf the anchor's efforts; The* stories of the. daughter of the Grand Vizfer, MS«" Scherezadeytered, there is no necessity for any jirs in the Govern- of compromises. But, my fallow Democrats, we can IOWA AS ment. I believe in man's-capacity and right; to govern have no compromises. [Cheers.] If they left us.oriAlSTATrE~~TO~EMTGRATE'nimeelf. I deetre that everylegaliy-organizrd Govern- a question of principle, • it would be dishonorable to Perhaps no State in-the Union hae»' suffered' acre howevet; familiar Aey maj be to as in early &storm-of hisses from the D »u«las men.. He said that The following list of Vice-Prosidents and Secretaries ment, without regard to ite'locality, • shall regulate its them to compromise. ["There was no principle from,the panic of 1857 than the State of Iowa; fo^idfMr. Van Dyke then addressed the vast crowd, after me this honor.>an attempt to break up the meeting had been called was unanimously adopt*d: own domestic institutions ia its own way, subject only about1 it!"J But if they left on a mere pretext, it all the States, it was just in its most tender bloomi youth, for the* aaost pait suppSinted in the for, but that it could not be done. [Loud and enthusi- J'ict-PreridenX*.—August BeJmont, Goorge Donglas, Andrew to the Constitution. Whoever denies this rignt to any would be dishonorable in us to disgrace ourselves to when the storm came; far enough advanced to] be adult irfbd by EToney, and' stocks, and Bachastic applause.] V. Stoat, George Bancroft, Hawley D. Ckqpp, Edward Haight, portion of the coantry oh account of its locality is, in receive them back on- any terms-except absolute surrother bpif. eonaideratiens as octfrfpy chjHdren when effects. Within three years the population of l6jwr»V they ha-4eWown old extottgli to be-cjtHed men. Andbadincreased'about100percent;thelandundercnMkIthestoff\of' CamaralzaimaonandBadouraisnotso vation in a corresponding ratio; cities extended their- 'thbroug: H familiar to tEe- aaadiencclhat they instantlyJ. MoL«od Murphy, Qro. N. Sanders. Henry Q. Stebbins, ben- my opinion, not a Democrats and he who would give render. Standing as they do now-, arraying in their Gen. Lane was here introduced to the meeting, and BOU McGowa, Udolpho Wolfo, Alat. T Brenaan, Dan E. Dela-blasted by it—not enough to recover speedily from its'yrtm received with tremendous cheering. He said that van. Edward G^T^eK, Henrycampaign, and that it was by m*-re accident that he R. Biijxa, J. A. MoMaateia, Httgh Smith, Thomas Kl<rlln; John(A* tbis point tbe disturbers of the meeting became so riotouK t t a t the Breckinridge men resolved to put. them on", but Mr. Lane forbid it, telling them to " stand firm.")[Three cheers Senator PUGH "wasthen introduced amid great ap-erty should advance iu like manner; and it betrays, agreat lack of judgment when Eastern men sneer ata9m doabtk'ti;1ave z*run. In Hie way otf scenery and •»'awfldresses, svsrythingbaebeen»d»me-bytisemanagementman lit m every State bas^an equal right to go into the Arin*troi.g. George Okden, James Conlon, John Ellis, Jas. Long, it repelled indignantly that slander. And now why isacies of people. On that occasion stood by his side the further growth of the State; and everybody did^ his •great advocate of State rights and non-intervention,asserting those Democratic ddctrinee* When the Cin- best toward tbe. attainment of this object. Land [wascinnati Convention met, and the fairly-expressed will cultivatedjfarms impr< ved, roads mid out, manufac-Territories wi'h his property. Popular Sovereignty, as taught by some, isa heresy. It should never have been intrudoced.If ^e- intend to maintain this Union, we must main- tain the Constitution and the equality of all its citi-Peter Moriis. J^hn H. Sherwood, Hugh O'+teil, Lannnce Lan- g»n, Dermis Burns, Charles Banta. P. £ehoe, John Stock, Mir.h'l Conway, W. H. Howenstein, Daniel O'Connor, Fierce C. Kane, Bernard Gorinby, Geo- F. Dooland, Wm. Bowers, J. B. Parks, James M. Sweeney. Anthoov Dugro, Jacob Snyder, Tho». B. Tappon, Lewis Gross. Jamea A. Smith, Tlus. W. Adams, Owen Kinney, Edward Grady, Blnholomew Ward, Wm. H. Charllck,it, honest Democrats, tell me—and'every man who is aDemocrat ought to be anbocest man,.and no man shouldbe a Democrat'who-is not an honest man—well, now,honest men, tell me—Dot only of the Democratic party,of its majority seemed to point towarn another states-man for the people's choice, the noblb man of waom hespoke had nat-hed a message across the wires, with-drawing his, name from the arena. No •»/, when fourtures started,and railroads built,; Eastern men came and lent their money freely, though at an exhorbitant rate; they increased tbis desire for a speedy develop-but of the Constitu'ional Uui.m party, and if th«re be zens. Mr. Lane then spoke of Mr. Lincoln's votes in Morgan Jonra, Kd. B. Heath,. Richard B. Connolly, John J. such a thing as the Blaok Republican party\ ears had elapsed, and another. Convention's choice ment pi tbe country's resources, well knowing thatCongress during the Mexican war. He (Lane) had tvradley, John McKeon, Dr. VonuegaL John R. Feeny, John (laughter], tell me, honest men,- whether the followeo almost every business*. Snlrlvan, Thomas Mnnroe, *Wm. A. Kobbe, J. B. Parks, John Democratic candidates should not receive the unitedfidelity to his party, returned this matfninim- But suddenly the panic came. An idea had struck thecare.W Genet,RobertGamble,John more,isnoDemocrat. Idid'hotmean'toaddressyou.Iraitke such notonon« eBomies or the'Democraticit was not hts intention to make speeches during the Kelly, ClmrleB MeBrlen, Geo- VV. McLean, Andrew Clark, J. J. so long, but to sav that I shaft give my support to tfiese I party at *. Mr.. Rhett of South Carolina, andAjjtor. jr.* A. E-lliton, Bartlett Smith. Daniel W. Clake, John nominees; and! propose three-cheers lor toe. Demo-| Mr. Yancey of Alabama—Lcan.eee no difference in theWas bere. He could not forbear to express the gratifi- Htirrioon, Michael Halpln, Ch-iatopher Karl, Andrew Smith, cratic party, and ita triumphant success in Novembercation he felt at beholding auco. an inimense gat ering. Fiandj B. Cutting. Wm. L. Cole, R. J. laior, \V. W S»n«er, rext, and for its chosen standard-bearere—Stephen A.perceive w hat-itbc author is darving at. Ho -yever, theBichard French. Jamea L. Miller, Jamet* Ml McLean. John T.Soutter, Nathan C. Piatt, Schuyler Livingston, Wm. H. Arthur,FatilCK MdElroy, John H. Anthoo. Walfcerr Roche, OswaldOu>ndorfer, John Dunham, John Murphy, B&vid S. Jackson,Wm. Schlrmer, Joton Y Savage, jr , John T. Hoffman, Charles £lause. He said: I have come here to see now the J Chipp, James J. Atahoney, Frederick Rodefehlt. Samuel T.A comparative quiet being secured, Mr. Lane con-ridge. JSo man knows more of bis country than he ertson, John H. Houghkirk, James Cody, Jamea Lynch. Julius the survject of reproach, of speculation; of banter" onre. and he will whip the rail-splitter and his juniorWebster, Johrf" S. Giles, Henry W. Johnnoa, Charles Ga Nun,tinued, highly extolling the character of Mr. Breckin- John T. Henry, J«mes La-xeuco, Jamea Engli»h, Wm. H. Itob- after the scenes of Charleston and Baltimore. It waswhat they term the speculative rise of Westeiji pkpR— thateoulz'jtasked,even by Choawthorsv- All of theerty. Is there a surer Indicator of the increase i&^amhFranltd,8mithEly,jr.,ChaxleaW.Bakor,Charlc*G.Cornell, whethertbeadministrationofJamesBuchanancould dees,andnoman would do more forit. He(Lane) Wm.M. IVeed or,couldnot buythe State ofNew-York. [Cheers; did not cotoo bene to beg anybody to vote for him. It Stcretarieit —J. Augustus Page,. S. Milford Blatchford, Law- three chf ers for the New-York delegation—loudest' of"Wasrbis j-r»dc to be an humble fo lower in tte ranks of rence W. Bill, Wm. C. Goxer, Daniel Catour, John Manning,.the Democracy. Be had spent his lifetime in office, Thomas H. Smith. Thomas H. Landon, Michael Cotter..Jas. E. tbe evening to far, followed by three cheers for Pugh.lKenigan. Thomss Ryan, Hugh O'Donnel), Thomas Devlin, John I was one of tbe delega+es of the State of Ohio, andlbu^ he wanted that true patriot, statesman, and soldier, H. Txapp, James Ryan, James Cla*k, John McGoueh. Wm. day after dty at Ch^rles'onj hour after hour, our earspartneragain. [Cheers]. Iaskyouupardonfortak- ingsomuch time. (Criesof "Go*on" "Douglas," " Douglas." and cheers and hurras, amidst which Mr. Pugh sat down].The Hon. JAMES GARDINER, Attorney-General ofoflandedpropertythan-theincreaseofthepop^TWwijp scoresaie:tew,and-mostofiJtm aregood;someex-J.CBreckinridge,placedinthePresidentialchair.As Johnson,JohnStacom,JasMcCullough,.PeterM.Schenck. w*revexed"bythepretensionsoftSeAdministration Vincent Clark. Wm. H. McCafiU, Fras. B. O'Keefe, Ephr<»unGeorgia, was next introduced* He said that four what it fetches now ? Andwith this increase of valueto "Popular Sovereignty." was the common property Allen, Wm. H. Johnston, Hugh Crombie, Oscar Bogett, lVm, and its patellites that it had made a bargain with the of the united States, belonging as much to Pennsylva- McManus, Bryan Lawrence, Horatio P. Carr,. Thomas Brady, New-York delegation; but as often as it was called, nia, by equal right, as it didto any.other State. 'Every John Lord, Charles Gross, Wm. Barber. Jas. McGowau, Philip with a virtue worthy of tbe best days of the Republic,years ago be stood upon a platform, surrounded byof property came the nataral desire to promote thSs ,•.McFaddi i), Abm. S. Vnaburgh. Thos. C. Fields, Samuel J. An-At one time be was a California miner, and while dt-rson, Jacob Seebacker, Wm. P. MoConnick. Andre^v J. support of the uDited Democracy of the United States.ity ? By setting on all his myrmidons to work 3gainstbis arival. Now, though "the clouds looked dark above the Democratic party, be believed that itsform nfeded amendment, on the ground that the Su-preme Court bad given it a meaning which the people Foolish, ridiculous, as it may seem^people actedip.did not understand! He denied the fact. .The-princi- accordance with this idea. All the Eastern capital-was ple affirmed in that platform, was that the people had a at once withdrawn from tbe West as rapidly as oir-prospecting there, he met a German, who asked fcim Fisher, Frederick Coons, Jas- Campbell, Wm. Wah.ht Robert about JeeXane, and he told bim he was a fiae fellow, McGtnnis, AVm Beman, Bernard Kelly, John Marsden, John and had come very near catching Santa Anna. (Loud Kearney, Reuben Rowley, Hugh B. Crosrier, John O'Donuell,Matthew. Twliy. Harry Hopkiuson, Vincent Clark, Nath. D. laughter.), Thai was all he (Lane) had to say of him- Woodholl, John Kugeut, John S. Giles, vVm. P. Powers, J. e»ll. In conclusion, he would say that he would sup- O'Neil. John Donohue, Samuel F. Barjjei, William S. Whitney,There can be no reason for it except the determinationof a mere clique of men, that they will govern the De-mocracy or they wiU ruin it. They can't ruin it; enemies might as well fire pop-guns agHinst the rockpeople—a nightmare crept over, their souls—the phan- tom of distrust. -Supposing, said they—looking, ex- tremely freightened ana sheepish—supposing that prop- erty has no value, are not all our investments worth-rl^sque is too long, and has too many songs* »3ments wiU make it one of the greatest.they will ruin themselves. • [" Get upon the stand; wo can't half see you." Senator Pugh got up]. "When the Convention met at Charleston it was a spectacle such as no other Convention of this, year has presentedIIe then earnestly deplored all good Democrats to im-tant of time, ne said, when all that we held dear- CoigriesEioDal District,in every State, was fally repre- divest themselves of the bit'erness esulting from the was trembling iu the hahuvie, and we were reoosiiig sented, and I say, what spectacle could be more grate- proceedings at Baltimore. Mr. Lane was frequently our hopes in the great- national development, unfortu- ful to a patriotic heart, whether it be the heart heating ' interrupted in his. remarks by tbe disturbers of the nately we found that hostility to an individual had in a Northern or a Southern breast, whether from, theof Gibraltar ak to attempt to. afltect its disorganization.The pretext had been made that the Cincinnati Plat- less/? ' Supposing—the heavens-were to- tumble dow4!the season.AND NAVY•INTELLIGENCE.port Mr. Breckinridge with all his heart and soul, and that be f.id not. believe that the Democracy would de- feat a T"f»T» whose heart was a» big us the \Jnion.Thos. McSpedon.The Hon. Mr. PARSONS of Alabama spoke in gen-eral tern.s of tne party and the country. At the very orcould present. Every State of'the Uoion, everyA dctajchanent of United120 men] is to leave here for Carlisle, Fla., the, latter•part of next week.The new} sea-wall at Governor's Island has just been.cementefl and otherwise improved. There are 40©«re- eruits orJt$e island exclusive of the Permanent Gam-hand, that Congress had a right to made its effects still more disastrous. And yet bat fe'w rison, n about 100 strong.legislate agaiost Slavery in the Territories. His hear- failures occurred in this year. Everybody thought-that Two pen recently appointed by the W^ir Depart-f rs might judge between the two. He believed that tbe blow would be but temporary, and awaited with ment recruiting stanons in this city, reportedmeeting, but retired annd deafening applause. split the part)*—an individual who was the hope of Atlantic or Pacific coast, from States which divide'us Independence, in the Kaneas-Nebraska bill,'Mr. Humphrey Marshall of Kentucky said he wonld more American hearts than any man since Andrew from Canada or from those which look upon theJackson. [Three cbefrs for. Stephen A." Douglas.] Gulf of Mexico. Why is it, my fellow Democrats,and in the late decisions of the Supreme Court.The Black Republicans claimed, on the other 1857, when the crops, had turned out unusually bad,,lend ail his assistance to this ticket. It represented all The Disunion party of the South proposed that Con- that that great counsel of the nation did not. peaceably,the fundamental prhvnples which restedat the founda-. grf-ea shtuld interfere to protect Slavery; the Repuo- prompt)?," and finally perform the office for which ittiou of the Government—principles which have been iicans, that it should interfere to put down Slavery was elected? Because certain gentlemen who designthe guiding star iu his political life during the last 12 in the Territories. Stephen A. Douglas oc- to prolong the present Administration of tbe Federalthe intelligent South would no sooner go to an Aboli- patience and hope a new-and better harvest in the com-tion Congress, presided over by a Pennington, than it ing year. But when the crops in the next years failed would go to a British Parliament, to request-legislation agam, and the pressure from the East still continued,8for duty Lieut. Bankhead, vice Winder, to» the chi rfadezvousin Cedar street, and Lieut. Coggea-e Sweeney, in Cnatham street. well, vi^eDouglas and Herschel"V. Johnson. given accordingly.]Jemocracy of New-York would receive their leadersnotorious for loyalty to the Democratic party in timesupon tbe National Democratic banner. , [Applanse and Cat-calls.]well-cultivated farm of 160 acres, with house, stable, &c, upon itjhas but contracted in a good year.a debt of $800, and is not able-to pay it at the time due, owing to the failure of the crops, be is entirely at the mereypast; and the-v" resurrected Mr. Yancey, who himselfConvention, where their presence was not wanted.lauds can be had there for. Poweshiek County,jinbreadth <jf >eam, 24 feet. She is to be commanded by Capt. Hitgibs, late of the bark Frederick Doming* j[At the|r|rd of Eli Denison, Deep River, CORO., on the 24th fl|:, a fine schooner of 400 tuos fojr the Alr- lanticN ionCompanyofthiaoty. Sheisintend- ed for D. Colden Murray's lure of Charleston packets, is to be called the Henjryip. Russell, after the popultimate result in the destinies of this Union, whether the Breckinridge pa* ty succeed or the Lincoln party. If we must go to some other party.letus in God's name go to same party who recognises the- rights of all the country, let us go to some nationa&narty. But I have faith in the Democracy, andbave faithimits courage; and in the miraculous fortune of its chosen leader, l i e has whipped the rail-Bplitter of the-. Administrationlimits and their trade to suit tbe increased demand jiof'thisemigration; and railroadswere beingbuiltto convey, piece of Ia?t evening partakes rather of the operatesemigrants further west to the interior of theState. andspeCa<ularihanof therporelyburieBque. It was Thus, it was perfectly natural that the price of prop- a succeei, well'received ^y the audibnee, and wiUman. The people had learned to have confidence isgroundof the district wherein it is situated? H New-York were twice as largo as it is now, would not the prop- erty in the city be worth about double the amount of.cellent, ,.-v-:,.'...:.•;---v-S'The adbig is all that could be desired,. in mostspects." He only shortcoming to be partsenbriy re— •; gretted v a i that of Mr. Simmonds, who failed ntteHynot only to] realize the idea,- but to speak the languagst.oft the aati ore, and who should be quietly, withdrawn-from the1stige and compressed into the prompter's box, • 1 «fi. and there retained. Mrs. Wood and Mn Jeffer-son hawe the first' praises; Miss Cornelia. Jefferson] and Mr. James Burnett come next. This lastnamlot actor is always admirable in whatever ho n-adertalaes Mrs. Chanfrau and Miss lone-Bark*theirs would be the benefit, in thus creating new' mark-had the President, elected through the former's ets for the manufactures and commerce • of the East. were very good in the small parts intrusted to theirbad 57 times been shown to bo for Douglas, howright to conduct their own, affairs in their own way; subject to the Constitution of the hind; - and this same principle was set forth in toe Declaration ofenmatances would permit; and, as a natural conse- quence, all works of improvement had to be stopped, to await the reinstallment of common sense, and with it the coming again of, better times. The suddenness of this, withdrawal,, coming, as it did, in the Fall ofnotwithstanding all that fire-eaters might assert, when State, the smallest misfortune assumes at once unwar- two reThe principal banner was that of the Democratic Em-fury, anat tneand acteked out of pure viciousoe«8. He snapped tors, snapped at the groom and Mr. Rarey, bit his own flesh severely in bis passion*) ieces every strap which was placed upontial bad "Richmond on it to have entered thatat Baltimore, for if be belonged to Buih a body as wastbeRichmondConvention,hehadnobusiceSSWJtbas.. chanan,;and tbe significant motto, "Enlirge the forEasternpeopletoacquireahomesteadthanthe[Applause.! No man can serve two masters. - f.Re-peated applfiuse.] Snppj *e the North hao tried that—tad gone to confer with the Black Republicans as to acouragement people are now selling their farms at a price so low as never was dreamed of before.assistancAt one <stood fo;•*••--- ^ar Right*?, for the purpose of further carrying out tbe original planail directdenly checked. One-third of the State is ah immense on of diablerie alone in the arena, roaringreaffirmation in the Platform adopred at Baltimore of thoso great mistake-when he said, at Washington, "that thebegan a test such as no one who witnessed it can ovcrfoxj It was a struggle of art and tact against overwhelming strength. Whoever saw that combat could nc or be skeptical as to the wonderful power of . Mr. Ran yJ For fully an hour the battle, for it w*» nothing <pe, continued; now the man had giined the victory, icfw the horse; and the animal, touching the earth, so med to derive fresh strength from every falL. At last ]k ri Rarey extemporized a strap from the frag- ments of Ue broken bridle, and had gained his first stop to a m|iuc8t: still the horse fought furiously, ri^mr in the aji|; *d plunging in all directions, endeavoring to bite h& ant or trample him down. It gave on* eone ide t the animating scenes of the Roman am- phitheat«r see a compact, slight, but anewy man confront r BOfurious and vicious an aniatML Alongttrugglele' ed.btit eventually the horse was *|drly beaten o p | and lay down panting and thorbn^Wy snh- -m i in frirftriples of self-KOvernment contained in the Declaration o ndependence, ana that we affirm the rights of all growingConvent ion which aeEembled at the Maryland Institute,TWZSTY-SZCOSO W AKD CAMPAIGN CLUB.—This States to shape tbe institution* which shall secure their future. was <ompofced, in his opinion, of the Nation-Clab held a large meeting at Straelberger's Hall las prosp* ri>y and happiness.. . - . al Democracy of the couutry." Half of theevening. Enthusiastic speeches wore made by E hc*vUe<l, Thsvt we refuse to depart from those fixed principles States had not a single Delegate there ! of Government by which the Democratic par-y, iatrusted withDelafield Smith, George Terwilb'ger, and K. H. Shan- the guidance and guardidn<ihip ot Public Affairs; ha* e'er main- non, esqs. tained tLt right of Nat'ous to expand their area ofjurisdiction in accordance with the n««e-siti«s of their growth; and that we- —Mr. Thurlow Weed speaks in The AlbanyJournal in the following eulogistic terms of the great manager of tho Soft Democracy and the CentralA large number wore added to the roll of members. c<-nbtf«i-tly look forwai d to a vigorous ^Democratic Administra- iCbeera and laughter). What a Klorjbuslaid down at Chicago. ernments to resist or deny this right, to the prejudice of natural- nia by 12; and Minnesota, the only State of'the great can be proclaimed alike in every State of this Union habits, principle, and even prejudice. He has never ized citizen* revisiting the countries of their oirth, should be heen and will never be anything else. The secret of his After cheer* for the candidate* and the partv, the d*#med* violation ofour national dignity, and resetted with tbe North-West that even thrust the corner of ita little as in the Empire City of New-York. [Cheers.) power, next to h;.s intutive knowledge, consists in hisClub adjourned for two weeks, whole rower of our Government. And finger into the Breckinridge, Convention—that which, While every other city id in some decree irominent dfsinterestedneBS. For all the timo[ and will be tbo balance of power in the coming Btrujzgle local in ita character from the peculiar" • n i l m • • • ' Retolced, That we call upon all conservative and Union-loving thought and means devoted, through more than thirty electors in the City and State of New-York to unite in support of was repreeenttd by - one delegate. [Laughter and circle of its trade; New York reaches to the furthest annual campaigns, to his party he has neither askedlpLrdoed. >rr.r.d.[rrihTimes.nttbeTVfcMrrapbOfficeShiftSl^,K..Y..—The National Democrats of Westchester County the Po'.gln* acd Johnson Klectoral Ticket' as the surest mean* Cheers.] Minneeotian to the 'left.of. the Chair: " And end of tbe Continent, and carries oa its' commerce,arehrvii*dtohtter,dagrandFourth-of-Julyd'.-inon-o(^ivixi^peAcetothewholecountry.,allayingsectionalstrife, thatdelegatewasacitizenof Maryland."whereevertheAmericanflagmavwaveoverAmer-acceptedanytbirginreturn.Suchpatrlotiaai,cottp»|«l*tn-.ui,i. t'.jf Bfeek>nridgc bw! I.K.IO. ••D.*it.v 'htrttrtrh t>v"thcr«r!y tnii«•I)-=i'i j:.'.'•' i •'•''' •••. •mmUntitled Document/portraits of Washington, Jefferson, Jackson, and Bu-Bounds of Freedom." On the arrival of the proces- State of Iowa offers at present, where from mere dis-He torehim,hur thegroom,whobadcometoMr.Rarey'Stion, three respectable cheers were given for Stephen A- Douglas, three fainter ones for Herschel V. John- son, and growing fainter and faiater, three cheers forthe Little Giant, Harry Howard, Sandford E. Church, and John Deel er.AlargenumberofMr.Douglas'sfriendshadmean- i time collected in the hotel, among theui Mr. Jamesd audience. Mr. Dycer and Mr. FarrellRailroad: ', ;,siasm in favor of those great political principle which " Mr. Richmond is a Democrat by nature, inatiucta,end un^lpttl.inicm high reputation abroud. with the almcstunerring wisdom of hie co,auac&, j$#6*- TheJUon. QjKOjtoK VV'. JobiM, of Ttcneesoo, wus [Repeated laughter,] The State of Kentucky ican soil, or an American'ship.- fCheers and cries of him great, controlling and perniaucm power.'' "' : rec« iv t-» 7\ ; py t.ot*t\«it to STcryferdefc each uTorulnjt,.himself-—there is no one to buy at the time of the sale but the creditor; he may buy the whole farm for $100, and still retain judgment againstthe owner forfrpO.officer very. 13 men.A co etc sweep of employees was made last weekatthe B •klyn Navy-Yard. A large, batch wasdis- charged n Saturday night, making over 100 for the week, eaterday beiDg pay day, $22,000 were die- . bursed t tse men, and $20,000 to officers. The pay-acre—a price which one ordinary crop will almost suf-fice to pay. In fact, there never was a better occasionEveningj(S*JS*J ,>^5» jUV&AJKEEttJE'STHEATER.k(.'* •</*.SPl*,- Ms*nf si % '»rfesqueiory seems to have posseted « allth<j roadway managers at the wme time, for,Broadway theaters p WT^16'• kisdirig it''aWa of all . tbkFTJae bli^[ IsabeEa was launched from tho yasd ofthe grouwilaan' claimable beast. He literally- roared inr,I IStates cavalry,, nu mbering? Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069wt&m*www.fultonhistory.com 