 • xndon hU an_ m* astern/' ^ m- On the noxtI • 'fton, belong, Athern chivalry •ffh. The cv>vf. •r man who hadl •ptit himinto* P « «P t%hilyjjMn ,;| i ;-H^itiii^riw>\^^ ^mm ,-.' '.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1860.(r*^'8• r .I h«d not been l»t*rfered with. m much longer ft*.- *nch barbar-I now. IJ ttutt- W have been, opI d V orth" it i* Iren away from •»»' refnaed aI) in Memphk,I f oloeh of Slav,l a n d dttieaara^ •Th«»y are daily-i d . aave not th«1 It in truly de- i « * and bine ro^I n .'hi* erieia, t Ibattleismore le Slave Power •can people are |ar*fi the great lin«•all will bo fere with theirI Imten for the ley. I aakedk t S&oath Caro- < fch her peopleing diverrity of views, and the necessity of a pract i- \'(ud " all JSrale legh-lation whatever in contraventionand acottonder arrest. After he left, in custody of the IllinoisDeputy Sheriff, the facta became known to a certain delivered up to bis master. It does not sav bv what eable compromise on that subject) would 6e wis-eiv set- of Congressional enactment.I t enjoy in th« kntiem&n from IsonaJ Liberty• prefect negroI because the fcuttemen mi.'*- I? woman, and miu4 i*« certain- Ime that thera , l^ton that a |fr\>m wearing Intc Is it to fcrican people |£>r *»nch pnr-" Ipe that every Itne laws of •mind of any Kive Slave act fhe Sooth i«' »y.betmany phing i* fiat |l>e civil war, Is* the whoh* 1st heads her«* r^MBRAKK,IAS.I*-, r.im. - lt> eiection i* rnnmue it "w felw-ve myself" •ere after the pere ia,how- pen: than I.I as orthodox lacqniesce in In: all of the ' hdonotnow pb folly but pa? oat andleStarrlagi* piptom us an frwlf-to any l«. >n case of ' klKsal OT he iIT «jrTM.Ifer.0 the Secondon, who had r»e of A»>e'rf ipr.i, by the »dy hangedc<-a Miwin- Iboliti^niat, ttiJasononconsigned .. that he be tly taken inarrived Ia#t in brought tft.ke action ic*celllastThe fol- Xby iradr,na to make and .never 1 am well •ong other*. Mr. Carrollrden at .the . d on Catap ppi City tefterward I den of Mr. «•'reel. I TMyearn of but wife, b-it lately ithfiling cm. Laac •rl-an* for to Iianda- rethertheywent inrv . »Log, when Gromxafrtee y«dfwitk oold*never nt*ide the ithe Com- &•" They Id one ox £b get my ftther nie,' jail rhe»-«*o<.k melt*ii:- • a«*»j'"vva;* >ha villain •»> »coan Id intttgeretddent* an a« Ab- tvpretten*- "\ Jgitaora eoimdder-ibject be- of fact-, # gentle-i c»y the ©dattho Cin«in--dreward ey-war. d in the * biick » rascal->e relief i« ap- t handijot, he..th inat., to cat»t residentve-no, mridg> ie#ca*«iiridg«seeding orato,"bai.t vfarrested and taken away,as above narrated. AJoxunder Norton, produce merchant, of Poydras street, was the man taken away, and so suddenlydiopped at Vicksburgh. His enemy in the law-doings was one Davis, with whom he once had an interest in the ateamer"WesternWorld.MINOR ITEMS.SATISFACTION AT LAST.The Albany (0a.) paper relates the following inci- dent:ed to obstruct the operation of a particular act) nor to be beyond revision by the Federal judiciary, which will undoubtedly pronounce them unconstitutional and void as oft en as an appeal shall be made to them. Whether, with this remedy always at hand, they con- stitute a iust cuuse for rebellion and revolution may well be doubted.sentative local districts, and the third that of the whole aggregate people of the whole Union, the mode of electing the President ought to be modified so as to se- cure the object of his being the representative of the true majority of the whole, and not that of a minority, which may happen to be the mere local majority of'a single section. With- this view the. single electoral district system for the election of the PresidentialOn one side are the Southern patriarchs, who holdthat Slavery is a divine institution, and practically kill " Negro Hill," or " Negro Hollow" (1 believe almost everybody within their reach who denies that dogma. any Northern town has such a place), and assist in*£^BN^P?,The first result willTo the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.SIR: I cast my vote at the last election for the Re- publican candidates in preference to those of the Demo- cratic party, with which I had been in the practice of acting. My reason for doing this was that on the one great issue presented in the contest, the extension ofSlaveiy, my judgment approved of the position of the1hi» cityw"»8, lasstMondayevening,arrestednponare- tnclty into Ohio, or from Yirginia into N'ew-York n-;tIn185J, herefusestoadheretoandabidebytheIWithoutanynoticetotoelandlord,andwhenthe Fugitive Slave law, and will not pledge himself to di*>- negro was waiting: on the "dinner-table. tbe*e men cotmtcnj.i.<e " sectional agitation or legislation " upon rushed upon him and a severe conflict ensued. 1 hetheir pistols; women and children screamed, and thewhole company was instantly in an uproar. Fighting time, the role of Richelieu, in which has he evoked •»qvifitionfromtheGovernorofIllinoisandthewarrantof the Governor of Illinois, and taken away that sameevening. He snrrendered no <niietlyand said -so littlebefore leaving that bis friends bad no idea* h e was un-onlyviolatestheConstitution,butalsohi»oathtosup port it. *The other aspect of the provision is that, which re- mures that the fugitive, apprentice, or slave shall beTheamendmentswethereforerecommendtoyou,as the representative of New-York in* tho CommitteeCITY ITEMS., a • WINTER CAR»E„_.Mr. Edwin Booth takes hi*:-themerchanthimselfwlienhewentawav.44Erenow hear, that when the Illinois officer and his pnwner reached Vickshnrg, some facts as to the an est had been telegraphed there, and the gallant \ K-ksburgers took it upon themselves to inquire why an officer from Abe Lincoln's State was dragging Northward a well-known*, and responsible merchant of fcew-Orkan*. Tl.e inouiry was followed with sudden rcsnlts. T3» Illinow officer narrowly escaped Ivnch- irg, and was glad enough.to slope without Ids prisoner. The merchant was treated with all kindness and po- liteness, and will probably be laughing over the ad- venturewithhisfriendsinthiscityto-day.withfullriphttothepeopleofeach.Territorytode- termine their permanent policy in regard to Slavery and the negro race on the formation of their State Con- stitution for admission into the Union.2. The Federaljarisdiction over local spots within theStates, such as forts, arsenals, and over inter-Statetielawretiredandhastenedoutoftown. Thenegro, I believe, is in Canada.'There was a civil lawsuit of some years'* standingbetween otar man and a man in Illinois, who wereonce associated in the steamboat business. There were morerative and void within the limits of that State; law-suitsvenf both sides,aswe hear,in Ifew-Orleansand in Cairo. Latterly the Cairo man, in his suit, ob-tainedjudgmentagainstthe New-Orleansman, forsome$*-\M)0or$3,000; and the latter,having no seizableproperty in Illinois, was, upon some finding, a littlestronger than that of mere indebtedness, eent for, andTo the Editor of The A'. 1'. Tribune.SIK: The great, wise, and numerous people who against AlK>lition lecturers; but one such scene as Iterfere in tbe relations of master, and apprentice, maucorrect this opinion permit me, through your columns, "'That in ell territory of the United States lying south of thir- to state a few faets. . 'Wurriwi Cu>riitiT«, Fcua:s«JNU GOOD*, too.,<"<*•.States were not united for general purposes under oneC'oT)htisntion,'the interference of one State or its peo-temporary sojourn In, the several States and Territories of the mifsi< ners. •astbepresent. And now, condensing into practical UnitedStates,inherebyguaranteedtoallthecitizensofthosev- Again, the Fugitive Slave law declares that theapplication the viev>-s generally indicated in the above eral State* and Territories, and their right to the possession andmay be due." . ,Thin is thelangnage of the Constitution, the supreme law of the land, which all State legislators and Judgesratified-by large majorities in nearly all the States of terns it, and in I860he hastens to propose a '.*' compro- Certainly no Southern man need complain of this.' • • . ' " • » !. -m 1are not only botmd, but are sworn to support.The provision has two aspect*. In one of its aspects ent storm of danger to the Union will, by the 4th ofa* before indicated, gives no man authority to -raise a appears in the firitiih Premier's announcement''oftheriot and disturb the public; peace, and how then does deuth of William the Fonrih to the Mayor of Londou:• : . . - . iLiimit provides, in substance, that no apprentice or slaveowing labor to-bis master under the laws of one htateMarch next, have rolled a w a / as rapidly as it hasswept upon ua, and that it will be followed by a newera of fraternal peace and universal prosperity, whichits existence in all the Territories.. In 1860, he pro-d t h shall, on escaping- into another, be . ^ « 7 « . 5 ? ? tor impair the establishment of Slavery," and denies to this.provision interfere with the law of Congress ? A "It is leith Muchrcffrelt}\»\ I announce t* your lord- EDWAJRD H. DIXON, M. IV, Editor of T W? J legal obligationty legislation or judiml decision inCongre** " the power to prohibit or interfere with ths ritorial "Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069few years ago, three or four officers arrived in "Wilkes- ftjp3-ft waiter at oac of our hoie'a.ship that it has pleasedAlmighty God fo'reiifvt hit Maj,f*tyfrc.vi hi$ sufferings,"/Scalp*l. and Operating and Oon«>i'tto« a«iT5«Ao, K«. 4* 6Wt-*-»v , Officeconsultationsoa.tbe mor*eb*.>urediseases ef the petvte Twitstoheerua.t tRbueptkMmtiefo,P«irle*H^VY*<.uCi-v»%aO«lLB<e\e*a&.y*rF*isttct>i'm*,.«raUd-i1ca,l\lyteoJukr»eatl-v } ... .. ..- r..extent, and there was much talk and excitement about agency he shall be delivered up; but if the "several tled by a return to that which even from a period" hw/r town. btates were actuated by tho spirit of harraonv which anterior to the date of the Missouri Compromise was 44 Piiends-of the abducted merchant, not entirely un- ought to pervade the Union, they would lend their the fair and sagacious policy of the fathers, namely—a derstanding the hnjaness, requested us and the other agency to carrying into effect this provision, as well a* climatic partition, by securing to the South the right rrportersnottomakeanypublicationtillthewhole everyotherpartoftheConstitution. The leastthat ofunmolestedimmigration intoandsettlementin,the thingshouldbeknown. Weconsented,notsomuchin couldbeexpectedofthem,iftheywishtopreservethe Territoriessouthof thelatitude 36°30^duringthope- a spirit of accommodation, as from a desiretoreport Lnion, is not to obstruct the Federal authoriiiesin their riod of Territorial minority, with the same right to allknowingly»f we did report anything, and becauso we efforts to make effective this provision of the Constitu- necessary protection to their accustomed property had no certified facts as to tbe whv or wherefore of this tion. But several of the States, instead of aiding which may h e enjoyed by Northern immigrants m re- exiraordmaryproceeding; all owingtothe silenceof to give effect to the Constitution in this rospect, gard to their various descriptions of property; andTerritories. In eleven yearn' time he has .so altered his rusted from the dining-room, crossed the street, and mind that he will permit slaves to he carried into aud plunged into the Susquehanna River. Several shots'..-.-orevenmaintaining,apassiveattitude,havedone their utmoet, by legislation and otherwise, to render this provision nugatory. Their legislators have by their acts defied the laws of the United States and vio- lated the Constitution, together with their o;tths to support it. These acts afford the most effective artcu-Sin: In the event of the secession of pouih' - Carolina as the negro declared he would drown himself, and af-and.other Slave States, and the formation <>i anew ter firing a few shots at his head, the brave officers of of threelectureBonArt,byMr.WilliamPage,wiH wThat a portion of the Northern 8tates and peopleprising book-merchant, L. E. Welch, appeared with a have grossly violated the rights of Southern slave- hereafter elected would be acceptable to the generalOn the other side, scattered through the other fifteen or more States, is a much more considerable number of educated and enterprising persons, who agree with Blackstone, Brougham, Bolivar and other fanatics of that sort, that Slavery is naturally a crime which legis- lation cannot legalize, and that in opposing it, a ovtrance, no one can be guilty of anything worse tluan a want of wisdom. These persons make no secret of opinions eo radically hostile to slave property, as to be positively intolerable in any Slave State. Considering that such opinions always lead to corresponding prac- tice, that the slaves themselves are susceptible of opin- ions, and that their ignorance is not proof against steam locomotion and steam printing-presses, in tiny very long run, it is plain enough that the peculiar institu- tion, however divine, cannot be safe "till such persons are exterminated, or at least driven from the continent.Here, then, are two irreconcilable parties, on one of whom reason is wholly ino]>erative, and the other un- fortunately has all the reason on its side. There is positively"and absolutely nothing for it but to use the tiltmia ratio rep-urn at once and effectually on one party or the other, or'else their irrepressible conflict (whether in the Union or out of the Union) will grind to powder together the peace of tho country and all the neutral lovers thereof.The pious people whose divinity is Mammon, and whose Bible is the ledger, who have no particular pre- ference on behalf of other people, between slave labor and free labor, may as weU look this state of facts in the face, and make their option. Let them, between two days as it were, exterminate the Abohtionists throughout the North, making them &B scarce, or at least as eilent as they "are in the South, and then there will be peace and union, for a century or less. Let them, on^ the other hand, by a sudden "irre- sistible blow annihilate, not the slaveholders or the slaves, but the peculiar relation of the one class to the44 Just then a new scene was presented. Our enter-If an officer of the United States arrests a negro fugitive from labor and an attempt is made, or he Has reason to believe that an attempt will be made, to rescue him, the law provides that the officer shall' em- ploy a sufficient number of men to prevent such rescue, ana also for the payment of such persons for services thus rendered.But, suppqee it is still insisted that our Pennsylvania law conflicts with the free operation of the-Fugitive Slave law, who is responsible for it ? Certainly not the Republican party.In 1»47, the Whig's had a majority in our State Leg- islature, and, with the Democrats, voted for joint reso- lutions requesting our senators aiid representatives iu Congress to vote for the Wilmot Proviso. I say voted with the Democrats, because the measure was Demor cratie. Tbe resolutions were introduced by a Demo- crat, and were voted for by Senator Bigler and our present State Attorney-General, J. C. Knox, and every Democrat in the Senate and House except three, and were approved by Gov. Shunk, a genuine, pure Demo- crat. Soon after the adoption of these resolutions, the law above referred to was passed, and signed by Gov. Shnnk. The Yeas and Nays were not called on the passage, of this act. and consequently its passage was not seriously objected to by the Democracy. In 1852, when Mr. Bigler was Governor of the State, and the Democracy bad a majority in both branches of the Leg- islature, the sixth section"of the law. refusing the use of county jails, was repealed. ,Attention was directed to the whole Act, and if it conflicted with tbe Fugitive Slave law, why did not Gov. Bigler and the Democracy repeal the whole law ? In 1856 or '57, a law was enacted directing the Gov- ernor to appoint three competent lawyers to revise our Eennl code. Gov. Packer appointed th'ree distinguished)emocratic lawyers, who revised the code, and incor- porating therein (section 95)the unrepealed portion of the lawof1847. ThiscodewasadoptedbytheRepub- lican Legislature of 18t>0, and approved bv that sound Democrat, Gov. Packer. Thus it is evident that the Democracy have bad^a full share in the adoption of what the South are pleased to call " the' Pennsylvania Liberty bill "; but I hold that wc have no such bill, and hence both the Democratic and Republican parties are free from censure. •large bundleof Harper's Magazine, and some other holders' under the Constitution, does not admit of a opinion of the country, and be highly beneficial in itsdoubt. But who are the sufferers, and what is the influence upon the administrative action of the Ex- periodicals of a like Kit, and, constructing the pile in remedy? ecutive.the middle of Broad street, they were well sprinkled The sufferers are almost exclusively the border slave- In addition to the foregoing proposed amendments of with camphene, and then touched off with a lightwood holding States—Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, and the Constitution of the United States, we think that attorch (at the hands of a little boy, the son of an imme- diate Seceeeiontot), and burned to ashes, amid the plaudits of tbe crowd."EXTENSIVE SALE OK MEN AND WOMEN.Missouri. *fhey have lost slaves in consequence of the present time a very pernicious source of reciprocal Northern agitation and legislation by thousands, while irritation between the .two sections of the country South Carolina, secure by a double cordon of shave-' would be removed if certain amendments were adopted holding States intervening between her and the haunts in the existing legislation in regard to the rendition of•.•The negroes,belonging to the estate of Samuel Town- of the negro-thieves, bas lost few or none from thatsend^deceased, were sold at auction in Huntsville, cause. Y et, without consulting them in a matter whichfugitive slaves. On the part of Congress, we think that the Federal law ought to provide.that an allegedNEW STATION-HOUSC.—TheStationrIIouae, situated in Thirty-fifth street, between Eighth and Ninth avenues, having undergone a coarse of repairs and improvements, has been reopened. T h « old house being inadequate to accommodate the faro* of the ward, by a resolution of the Common COOBCH. an extension was built, and the entire building pointed throughout. A new feature has been introduced hf Capt. McKelvey, which is not to be found in any other Station-House in the city. The walls of the rear room of the building are painted green, which assists greatly in subduing the glaring light of the gas. AD the mod- ern improvements of the day are also applied. T W . citizens of the ward are about getting up a subscript£«i. for a library, for which purpose a fine book-caae ia ananged in the Station-House.CULPABLE CARELESSNESS OF A DRUGOIST—AN Trc- FANT POISONED.—Coroner O'Keefe held an inquost . yesterday at No. 10 Baxter street, upon the body c€ an infant, 14 days old, named Isaac Isaacson, who died fromtheeffectsofpoison.Thechild,itappears,wa» suffering from an ulcerated mouth, and borax and honey were prescribed for it. The father went to ther drug store of, Erneet Bihn, No. 16 Franklin street, and ordered the mixture, but was given instead, corrosiv* sublimate. The child's mouth was washed with this and in four hours the child was a corpse. The J u r y rendered a verdict implicating the druggist, and he waa arrested-'and required to furnish bail in $500, to awaut the action of the Grand Jury.How THE HERALD MAKES PANICS.—The foMew- ing note to The Herald needs no comment:MESSRS. LIGHTE & BRADBURYS' PIAKO-FOKT»FACTORY./Republicans. This opinion was not,the result, of apassing, caprice, but it was a deliberate judgment, heading of "The Laboring Classes," tevpra] atatementa wttla based on the study of history and of political science. reference to our bouse, which are HO palpably wTong thai jormrwill allow UHto correct the name. Yoti say wetutr* "totally TothepresentgenerationofAmericansiscommitted RurpcndedbuHiueiK;""thatourforcocosaiHtedofaboutabtmd-rrd men." aud " the firm did not discharge* their meu MMCM the great trust of determining tho future destiny of absolutely compelled to do to." Every word of the*e atatoaoMtt*broad territories which are now unpeopled. The "an- ixfalee. Our force consist* cf about 300 men. VVo bar* not «nx-• - iTenn^km Monday and Tuesday last. The bidding was concerns their interest a thousand times more than her fugitive who may not admit the right of his claimantvery high, and the prices far exceeded the expectations own, she tells them their only- remedy is in a dissolu- should be delivered over, not to the immediate posses-ofeveryone.Onehundredandsixty-sixnegroes,old tion-oftbeUnion';andwithawhitepopulation sionofsuchclaimant,buttotheMarshaloftheDis-andyonng, were Boldfor $136,642, the average being scarcely exceeding that ot the City of Baltimore, she trict from which be may be alleged to have escaped,TwentiethPreoinc*'$823 14 apiece.HIS BUDGET OP EXCUSES. From The Waihington Star, Dec. 12, 1860.plunges into the sea of revolution, expecting to compel there to receive a full and deliberate trial of the fact inissue, and that in the event of his unlawful rescue theState or the county should be liable to the claimant Mr. Cobb's bndget of excuses for running away sider whether there is not a better. AMOS KKNDALL. • for hia full value. On the part of the States which from his charge so soon as he found it apparently in a have passed laws designed for the obstruction of tho det-peTate strait, will, we apprehend, have an effect HOW NORTHERN MEN ARE TREA TED IN rendition of such fugitives,.all such laws ought to be repealed or amended info ..conformity with the solemn faith plighted in the Constitution by each State to all the rest; and we are convinced tnat such repeal or amendment would promptly follow the adoption of the above proposed modification of theoxistingPederallaw.opoesite to that of relievinghim from the censure ofNEW-ORLKANS.public opinion for the part he has dis-plaved in theAN, OUTRAGEOUS STATE OF TinNGS. From The Chicago Journal, Dec. 10.work of destroying the Government,for the last monthor two. Our own belief is, that had his mind been asOne of our prominent citizens, a gentleman of un-closclv occupied in that time with the exigencies of thebranch of the public business of which ne was nom- doubted veracity, who has just returned fr»m New-have so far succeeded as to beggar the former—the . H e informs us that on the 2d of this month a well-these great States to follow her.W e will examine the remedy she proposes, and con-JOHN COCHRANE. GEORGE BRIGG3,WILL:AM B. MACL AY, THOS. J. BARK, ':•:.; BANIEL E. SICKLES, H. K. CLARK.means of observation here have satisfied us that he has was at New-Orleans on business, was waited on at hishotel at midnight by members of the " Southern Pro- SIR: I am a Hanker Democrat—one of that raredone more than any other public man in the country tection Society," and warned to leave the city imme- class who have opposed Anti-Slavery movements allii.ally the guardian, as with the labor of aiding and Orleans, gives an exciting account of the state of feel-abetting the work of the oligarchic immediate seces- ing that exist" toward Northern men in that city, and sionists in all the Gulf States, the latter would not down jn that region generally.COCHRANE vs. COCHRANE. Treasury of the United States—his charge. Oar known member of the Chicago Board of Trade, who To (he EdH&r of The A'. 1*. Tribune.to make the settlement of the Slavery trouble withindiatelyj or be prepared for the consequences. He my life, and who have never voted for any so-called other, and then there will be peace and union. But,•,..• •'-p.*: ••r •••ment now wielded by the secessionists, because they commerce, should be declared not capable'of being ap-not, judging from her past history, on the fir*rtin<l>ea- dieiegard the lives of community, violate all decency, and even the Fugitive Slave law itself, our law pro- tionofherown chronic weakness, insist upon • again vides for them, and if these men had not hastened outseceding, and forming still another Govenfnient, less of town they would have been arrested. Was justiceobnoxious to her, but feebler than the one she list left ? done by-these officers to tho owner of the slave, or ourconstitute a just cause of complaint, and they furnish a pretext for.charging the offending States with nullifi- cation.While theee acts are an outrage upon the Constitu- tion", thev are far from constituting " nullification" in theSouthCarolinasenseoftheterm. In thatsense,plied to any inteiference with the lawful right of prop- erty as' recognized by the StJitea locally concerned, and that simultaneously with this guarantee, to the'South in regard to inter-State commerce, the revival of the African slave-trade should be prohibited.>3.InasmuchastheConstitutioninitswisedistribu-Where will she stop 1 Dec. 12, 18C0.INQUIUKU.community ? Such performances, under the Fugitive Slave law, makes thousands of what are called Aboli- tionists. ..ThepeopleofWilkesbarre havealwaysbeencon- servative, hvw-abiding citizens, and will always be found true to the country. They turn their faces" nullification" is a sovereign act of the people of a tion of the different kinds of representations intended State not susceptible of revision by anv earthly tribu- to he embodied in the three great branches of the legis-APEACEPROPOSITION.;:;:nal, rendering any designated act or acts of Congresslative and Executive power-^-the Senate, the House ofRepresentatives, and the President—lias made the whereas these offensive acts of the States do not pro- first the representative of the equal State sove-value union, peace, and money—and especially the have described will produce more. Abolitionists thanlatter—have now two difficulties before them. These fbrtv lectures.fess to render void any act of Congress (thongh design- reignties; the second, that of the people in their repre-difficulties are not two bundles of hay that allure their wine tastes in opposite directions, but two inexorable millstones, which will grind them to powder.unless one or the other is itself pulverized.The people of the South complain that their runaway negroes cannot be arrested in the North, and we com- plain,that they, by the Fugitive Slave law, are deter- mined that w e shall become negro-hunters. According to the provisions of that law, any low-bred, vulgar deputy officer-has power to command gentlemen, the equals.of Southern slaveholders, to accompany him tothe Union well nigh an impossibility, if but by per- forthwith, for the sake of his personal safety, pro- Free-Soil and Barnburner Democrats under any cir- if this immense, wealthy and conservative class neg- sistentlyusingthe,influenceofhisonicialpositionto ceededtochangehisquarterstoanotherhotel,andleft cumstances. Having, therefore, arecordwhich,;lectstodo.oronlyhalf"doeseitherofthesethings,'strengthen the hands of those who want disunion in the city as soon as he could transact his business. He and vainly strives to argue down those who have all preference to entire security of Southern rights under had not said a word about Slavery or politics while whether right or wrong, is at least consistent, I havethe existing Government. His disunion labors have in the city, having gone thither on private business, some privilege to criticise the inconsistency of others, the reason on their side, or to convince without argu-been at tie "bottom of all the imputations upon the in- and the only excuse his persecutors gave him for theirtegrity of the course of the Government here toward its conduct was that they had been informed by somebody Cochrane; William Kelly of Dutchess, William C;is- trust,whichtheoppositionhaveof lateurgedsovehe- that hehad a brother in Missouri who is.an activemently, to the destruction of the value of property of Republican. ,' sidy of Albany, and their comrades,. who in twelvement those who know they are wrong, and mean to remain f.6, then .there will of course be neither peace nor union. It is childish nonsense to deprecate a civil war. It is here:# The only sensible question is. which of the factions will the country get rid of easrieet, and to the be^t effect. As" AUOLITIONTST.m..A-RADICAL. PROPOSITION.To the Editor of The A*. V. Tribune:SIR: AS it ia quite evident that wc can never live to-gether in peace'while one portion of our country is slaveholding and the other non-slaveholding, and as we should feel disgraced by a dissolution of the Union— although I rejoice to believe that the prevalent feeling at the North is, that we will sufler such disgrace before w e will yield one iota of the principles for which w e have been contending, and which have BOoverwhelm- ingly triumphed in the success of the Republican candi-all kinds—stocks, labor,lands, negroes, produce, and good*, wares, and merchandise, everywhere.LET THEM GO—WHO CARES?The &L Joseph (AIo.) Free Democrat winds up a long article on secession as follows:44H thevleave—what then?be a Kcpunlican majority in the Senate and in the House. A Tar ill will be passed; the Homestead bill will pasA; Kansas will be admitted; the Territories wiH be free; riven* and harbors will be improved; aCentral Pacific Railroad will be built; industry in all its forms will be revived. Congress will become an advantage to the people instead of a curse.' Let them sccess and disune."mLETTERFROMTHEHON.J.L.PUGH OF ALABAMA. .EuKAirx.A, Nov. 24,1860.I ieel that it is due to my constituents, as well as myself, to make public my "reasons for going to W ash- ington, since the destruction of the Federal Govern- ment, by the election of Lincoln, and yon will oblige mebystatingtheminTheSpiritofnextTuesday. T i e K-le object of my visit i* to promote the canse of secession. I believe much good can be done and evil prevented bv the prei-ence of Southern members. Theschemes of temporizers and Union-savers may be f rus- tratet]—the *>Jbn» of tLe enemy understood—and valu- able service "rendered the cause of Southern deliver- ance bv consultation, and especially by consolidating and putting in active operation the influence, wmdom, experience, and learning of the faithful. After doing all in my power to secure the speedy deliverance of the Southern people from the thraldom of an AbolitionGovernment, I shall bid farewell to the City of Wash- ington, never again to return while it is the seat of a Government that has jurisdiction over the State of Alabama. ,tangle ourselves in the meshes of diplomacy, we are adoomed people. But if Alabama covers herself withthegk>rvof being alone if she must, inthesecondDeclaration of Independence, then the historian willrecord it and our posterity celebrate it as the causeyears have eaten all their brave words uttered in 1848,and become hypocritically penitent for all the, mischief dollars to buv sugar, was in like manner waited on they did when standing on the Biiffulo Platform. Did.:'-v .'• 1' <. "11 • 1.!'1I ;fi• inAnother gentleman, a citizen of Cincinnati, who hadYourn truly. . Wilhetbarre, Pa.,Dec.10,13G0.STEW ART PEARCK.EXTENSION.gone down to New-Orleans with half a million ofand compelled to leave, because, as they were informed by some person, be had a son who is in some •way con- nected with The Cincinnati Gazette—a "Black Re- publican" theet.Our informant, the gentleman first mentioned, saysI believe their repentance and recantation sincere and heartfelt.,1 would welcome the »ewly-awakened victims of. delation.' But who of us all, whether Republican or National Democrat, can credit tho good faith of men whoee history presents such strange and impossibleNOSLA VERYhe htopped at tbe St. Charles Hotel while there, andhe was the only Northern man whom the " Southern changes of opinion as those of tl e Burialo PlatformProtection Society" allowed to stay there, and the reanon why. he was spared was the fact of his having influential "relatives in the city, who are members of the " Societv."Union-savers of the present day ?These remarks are impelled by the perusal of theHon. John Cochrane'* resolutions, offeren in Congress,and Ins letter to tbe Hon. Mr. Humphreys. Lot nsNKW-YOHK, D«O. 1%, IM*. W e notice in vour issue of this morning, under th#He sayb that at the.St. Charles Hotel he saw a sub- look upon the two -pictures* This is John Cochrane, scription paper, on which $55,000 had alreadv been in May, 1848:.•Hamlin—and that bets-were freely offered that Liucoln the Cnpitoi. nnd » s are, therefore, prepared Tor the vote on would,never by President either of the whole Union, which ' Northern Senator*' ahull . unite with their ' Southernbetween the North and South, would not some such plan as this be acceptable to both sections:1. Let Slavery bo aboli»hed in ail tho States in five year* from the fourtL day ofJuly. 1861.ponded bu»ineu*, and we have not <U>oharmed a man. The Bttatska1 bo* probably occurred from the fact that our men have boon <m » fitrike for the la*t week, demanding a higher price than wv arar willing to pay. Yourr, «cc. LIGHTE & BILADBtJB.YS-FILTHYSTREETS.—CaptainMcKelvy,oftheTwen- tieth W ard, made the following report this morning to the Superintendent of Police:"I.would most respectfully report that this Precinct is in a most filthy condition with ashes and garbage. Jfj. have applied to the Street Inspector of the ward, bofc cannot'get the ashes removed. The citizens complain. so bitterly that I have notified the City inspector.'"m ' 'SUIT FOR ALLEGED FALSE IMPRISONMENT.—ipro-..ceedingn h ve been instituted by Ceorge Frank Lemon acaanat George Monntjby, James Bryan and ThoniaM Moxhaa, tbe lattar Captain and Patrolman of the Nineteenth Precinct. The affidavit, drawn by Richard Busteed, recites that on the 8th of Deoombor. the defendants, maliciously, and with intent to Injure,aud annoy the plaintifl, did by force,and without warrant of taw; compel bun to go to a certain Police Station- House in KitVy-niatk. street, and (here imprison hkn in one of tbe coll*, and rontram him of bis liberty for fifteen houra, &c., forall which he otaiaxa- damages in the amount of $20,000. The arrest in question took place near the residence of Mrs. Taylor, relict of tho lato Stxoefc Commissioner .mFATAL FALL.—Terrence Redman, a laborer, diedyesterday from the effect* of a fall from a ladder, erected agaiaat a new building in Fifth avenue, between Twenty-second an4 Twenty-third streets, where be was at work. He was a»oandbif the ladder with an empty hod upon hin shoulder, and who* abowf. 20feetfromthepavementmissedhisfootingaudfell,rooeiviae internal and other injuries which caused his death, CoraMW O'Keefe held an inquest upon the body, deceased was 56 yaax* of age, aud leaves a family residing at No. 116 Wort Sevcutoentb street.DEA TH FROM INTEMPERANCE.—Ann Clark, anIrish woman 42 years of age. died suddenly yesterday morning,in a sbunty in Onc-huudred-and-twcntteth street, near Third avenue, and it was rumored that her husband had beaten.her ta death. Coroner O'Keefe was notified, and held an Inquest opo* the body, when it appeared that deceased had been aa fcabttaMit. drunkard for many years. A po«f-mortem examination aaade by* Dr. Charles Gallagher showed conclusively that she had not oeeat beaten, as no marks,of violence were to "be found upon hereer- bon, and tbat death was the result of exhaustion, produced b y intemperance. The Jury rendered a verdict to that effect.FATALB^RNING-FLUTI)CASUALTY.—CoronerSchir-mer held an luque«tye«terday. at No. 81 Crosby street, upoa t W body of Mr«. Marv S. Morri»*ey. a'native of Ireland, ii yeara <U age, who died from bnrns received on Monday evenhjr. by tlu» explosion of* fluid lamp. Jt appears that deceased shook tbe lnmp to make it burn brighter, when it exploded, aettlmrfirete her dress. Sheran Intothestreet,when a gentlemanwke wis pawing succeeded,iu extinguishing tbeflaaoes,but not until abe was fatally burned. The Coroners Jury rendered a rerdlot *C"or either section of it.He also pays that on his way northward throughMississippi, he taw two dead men hanging on a tree, a n d t h e p e o p l e t h e r e a b o u t s b e i n g a s k e d w h a t i t m e a n t ,brethren' in cohrifrtiinc an erhjrfre of five Territory to the do minion of the claveholder; that revolting a» must he the ceremory which, introduce* by the baptism of a ' Compromise,' 250,000 wjuare mile* of our •newly-acquired poB«e»nionfi" into the com- m u n i o n of S l a v e r y , t h e r e n e e d e d t o p e r f e c t i t * h a r m o n y , b u t t h e presence anaone the tponsora of a Dickinson and a Bright, ofnals of almost every nation are lit.tle else than the record of a long struggle between a subject and -a dominant race, and nowhere has permanent peace beentheyrepliedthatthey"hadbeentalkingtoniggers;" whom,ifthelatterinhisrecusancytoIndiana1»recommendedrealized till the races became homogeneous, and withand on being a*<ked whv they did not bury them, re- plied, that thev " wouldn't bury any d—d Abolition- ists on their soil"—would f rather see 'em rot."The people of the North have but an imperfect no-tion of tbe extent of the hatred and desperation of theSecessionist portion of tbe Southerners. They aremad with headstrong fanaticism, exhibiting neitherjudgment nor even a regard for their own business in-terests—are, in a busineee-point of view, cutting theirto her companion by the nece^aitiea wbich constrain the poa-w^Mlon of slaves, the fc-rn^er by ' almoht witdiing to bo born in •Virginia,' inopuee in the breasts of the millions, whom he n»i»- repreoentHand dislu'tioni, a.pioportionate desire for hi* tr»n<*la:tion to mane more congenial clune." Retolred, That we denounce, in advance, all projected com-prenn'ici. or Mirrenders of the vital principle of freedom, regard- lew* of their origin, their object, or their extent; that, in the an- ticipated defection of the Senate, we piace our reliance oh the othe» branch of Congress- but should the hope of favor, the fear of punishment, or the schemes of political ambition, accomplish the enactment of a law for the extension of Slavery over a Bingfleor that'purpose.3. As an equivalent for the five years services of tho slaved, thei laveholderM to give thorn four months schooling in each of the five yeara.4. A:i amendment of the Constitution prohibiting Slavery for- *ver in any of the States or Territories of the Union! •From comprehensive principles of statesmanship, therefore, I believe it better that our new Territories should be peopled with white men, in the possession of equal rights, than that they should be inhabited by••••••:.^:'- .-:and especially of Democratic politicians like JohnpledgedtosecuretheassassinationofLincolnand "Resolved,1hattl.c-lafchha*reopundodthroughthehaii*of dates—therefore,tosettleallmattersofdisagreementown throats, declaring that they "don't care, butwill lif.'ht these Northerners to the bitter end, let the square mile of Territory, BOWfreo, we hereby pledge ourselves gree of prosperitv unparalleled iu" the history of the•• .consequences be what they may."**•. immediately to enter on the tatkofiii repeal, and unceasingly to world, this would render the burden comparatively labor for the accomplishment ofthisobject." light; and should our tariff be sufficient to provide forAnd John Cochrane, in August, 1848:" I<e»olved, That our fathers ordained the Constitution of the the interest, the people would no doubt cheerfully sub-mit to a tax sufficient to meet it;It may bo uiged that 3 per cent interest, is too lowJOHN COCHRANE'S PANACEA.United States, in order, among other great national objecta, to establish justice, promote the cen< r&l welfare, and secure the blesr-ings of liberty; but expressly denied to the Federal Govern- ment, which theycreated, all constitutional powe.r to deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due legalprocew,(The »ubstanc» of the following letter hw b«en given by telegraph.]Whether the election of Tincoln is a result to be de-plored by any true Southern man, depends upon thefutureactidnof SlaveholdiagStates. Ifwenegotiut*f.-r new guaranties, palaver about cooperation, or en- Representatives in Congress from the City and State hea no more power to make a slave than to >uake_a kiug; no a degree of prosperity, tdat the oonds would be in de- tory, where Arkansas joins to Texas, and we. will giveW ASHINGTON, December 11, I860. TothtHon.JAMESHUMPHREY: Theundersigned,believe that the bonds.would com- The country would, als soon as thisIf South Carolina secedes, we will plant the Ameri- canflagin'thesouth-eastcorneroftheIndianTerri-"Rewired,ThatinthejudgmentofthisConventionCongress more power to institute or establish Slavery than to institute orthe Fire-eaters an opportunity to display their chivalry in driving it away. But I trust that "no man will be frightened-intogivingupany territory toSlaverybyCOOfStates, areas fellows:1. The Territorial question (in our view of the exist- the tiiljc-1. In 18G0j he wishes to declare "null and negro seized a carving-knife, and hi* assailants drtfvr/ The practical effect of those laws is not so much toprevent the recovery of fugitive slaves as it is to en- Electors ought to be adopted, with two Electors at Their.numbers, though not large compared with the hunting and arresting a fugitive from labor. This is courage negro-stealing and demoralize Northern senti- large for each State, as at present, provision being entire population of. the country, are considerable. degrading freemen of the North to the level of slave- ment on that subject. There will always be thieves of made for a second election between the two highest Their power is by no means to be despised, as any one- drivers iu the South—yes, lower than slave-drivers— other property as well as negroes, whose operations no .candidates, in the event of no candidate baring re-Slate can prevent, but so far from attempting to re- ceived the requisite majority on the first vote.strain the negro-thief, he is encouraged and sustained bylegislative enactments, void thongh they be.5• —" h1* 1. I4. Although not directly connected with the contro- versy which has resulted in the present crisis, we think that a provision for the non-eligibility of Presidentsmay prove by defying them, in any one ot* fifteeu States.and no high-minded Southern man can sustain such a law. That distinguished Virginian, J. M. Botts, says this repugnant portion of the law ought to be repealed, and I trust it will be; but whether it is or not, the North will not secede.of New-Y ork, deem it our duty to communicate to y?u,as the representative oi our State in the Committee ofThirty-three,to whichhue been referred thatpartofthe President's Message relating to the condition ofthe Union, our views of what, at the present crisis of relieve ilaelf from nil re*pontihilityfor the exi»tencc or continu- -doubt.'stay where they are, and the slaveholder would some in a public man, it is to see him desert his princi-establish a monarchy; no such power can be found among those specificallycoufeixedbytheConstitution,orderivedbyjuatim- plicatiou nom them.mand for banking purposes.After emancipation, the services of the slaves wouldand maintain its independence of the North, and now, the influentialandlucrativeoffice of Surveyor of the Gov. Letcher of Virginia, on.the subject of Pennsyl keep her free. The propeller sustained but triflingmore right to interfere with the relations of master and fur and friendly recognition of its equal rights tum mvtotvs ab illo!alaveinSonthCarolinathanSouthCarolinahastoin and the equal sovereign dignityof its con-damage. ' .The. steamship Florida, which left for Savannah ouWednesday,the12thinst.,ha»returnedtoNew-York, in consequence of collision. Her cargo will be trans- ferred to the steamship Alabama.ANOTHER METEOR.—A correspondent, writing from Millersburg, Ohio, says:(AdvertiaecMot.;NOTICE istituent States in the Union, are now franklyHereisJohnCochraneinthoHouse<>fUepreaenta- tives, Dec. 12, 18o0:and wife, parent and child, in. Massachusetts. A man and honestly conceded to it by the /North,in Ma?sachufett« has tbe name right to the labor of.bin and effectually" secured to it by constitutional ty-six degreesthirty minutes,,notincludedwithin the limits ofprovisions. W o think that there have been reciprocal any exiting State, "neither Congress nor any Territorial Govern v, ife, his son, bis daughter, and his apprentice, that a faults on both side*, in the long eectiomd controversy merit- shall pass any laws prohibiting or impairing the 'establish-The Fugitive Slave law acts independent of all state authority. It does not depend uj*m State laws for its success, and makes no reference to any State officers whatever. It is a perfect system within itself, looking<',uurn in South Carolina has to the labor of his slave. Ii is not a natural right, but a right originating in thowhich has now culminated to its final issue and its ne-cessary permanent solution in the now apparently al-ment of Slavery: Provided always that the said Territory, or any part ol it. when admitted as a State, shall be received into the Union with or without Shivery, as its Constitution may pre-Mao. ANB- Hots,to be8w>:» 0/ r XT <v> iMxa.rsit SACiunoa. by tu»1stofJanuary.h-ws of an independent State, with which no foreign most inevitable dissolution of the Union; but we also kctihe at the lime of admission." Congres* shullpass no law pro- entirely to Federal,authority alone, and hence it refers think that this is no time for recriminations, which lit- hilritivgor interfering -with the trade in slaves bet»reen the slave-" A tremendous Meteor" passed over here laat night la view of tht condition of the timet, we bare 0—uUitat |aUrates or people have any ri^ht to interfere. If our tle befit truest ateemen and pat not * at such a moment hilding States and Territories. The right of transit through, and to United States Courts, Judges, Marshals, and Com-(Dec. 8) about 7 o'clock.. I was coming iu front Middle- town to Millersburg (the latter being some four mile* north of the former). The night was cloudy and quite dark. Suddenlv it seemed as if h'jniehty lantern haddupoie of our entire stock oa baad at -A V2** Gitavr SACHIKO* OJ» TUK GOVT.DKVI.:X, HdiwoK 4. Ce», • N31. 256, *H. aud 864 Broadway-tt«.lt- with the institution* of another would be imperti- expression of not only our own sentiments, but what rcntrol of their Blares during such'tojournvnd transit shall not be officer or officers in the execution of process •" shall use been let down through the clouds,and gradually drawnimpugned. No law enacted by Congress for the rendition of all proper means and reasonable force," but nowhere back. The light was intensely bright with a'mellow we well know to 1K>those of our people,. we think that fugitive slaves shall beta any degree "unpaired or Impugned by autbonzes any officer ,to create a riot by improper orti more' practicable and adequate solution of the anything contained in tbe laws or Constitution of, any Mate.or nnj.ensonable'means. ' Now to the Pennsylvania law golden appearance and luster, ana lasted about tennent and offensive, and might be carried so far as to afford just cause of war.1'i.der our present Constitution not only does everyState reserve an unlimited control over its domestic in-stitutions,butitisoneofthe conditionsofunionthat«•nopersonheldtoserviceorlaborinoneState,underthe laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, m conse-ouence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged for ratification, within the course of the next two ing H-H-advaiicement and place ?from tuch serviee or labor, but shall be delivered"up months. W e believe that such amendments would be In 1848, Mr. Cochrane denounces " all compromises on claim of the party to whom such service or labornow pending crisis of the Union would be the Territory, but all such State or Territorial laws, and all su.chseconds. A feeling of external heat passed over mybody while it lasted, much such a sensation as thatfelt when passing over the register of a hot-air furnace,onlytheheatwasfrom above-iustcud'offrom below.The clouds fceenied melted to a red hot hcai, and I con-fessIwasslightlv'•'xhcert," and hardlyknewforalittle while that Jf was not "Saul of Tarsus." It ex- cities and cwioslUes, at all hours. ploded about five minutes aft^r with a loud report.adoption by Congress of certain amendments to the Constitution, in pa^t explanatory and"in part new, hutallinharmonywiththepervadingspiritof the Constitution, and the submission of those amend- ment*toConventionsortheLegislaturesoftheStates,The ''crisis' in frightening everybody uow-a-dara.n,ay then well justify ovr confident trust in the per-the lattersTate. Every State Judge, therefore, who retuity of this sublimost work of human wisdom—the tiade in felavee between Stavcholdiug Stutesand Ter- barre to arratit a fugitive slave—a muscular mulatto,I.decides that an apprentice or slave is free as soon as h«e*c*fe* from one State into another, asfromfl.en-constituted Union of the tf0Y*rohrn States of America.provisions in uny State or other Constitution shall be null and roid."con:plained of by Gov. Letcher, and the"only one on the subject of fugitive slaves among our statutes. Sec- (i6n95 reuna.Pamphlet Laws, J860, provides, first,f Advertisement. |Now,Sir,istbi&changeofdoctrinetheresultofcon-scientiousconversionunaconviction,orieitthetrick .againstkidnappingfreenegroes;seco?id,thatnoJudge,butBAKKVMjhafte:It,andproposeHwhowWitupaitbisMu«. urn. Meanwhilip he keeps '• AlkMuiielio" and otherriunuseinoata. (roing every afternoon and evenlug, and. 1hose ammhu AXTHOS. WHATI>.IT?A4VA*U,tho30MonsterS.-fAKH*.and<xk*e*»»-• • • ' - . •IAdvertisement.!HOLIDAY PRRSENTS. . ' I • fTlio«* wishing to present to their friend, tbelr Phowgntpa toe RHOMDAT PHMSIMW. could not ge« a more suitable or WXSL* tinbihed styia of Portraiture than the IVORVTVPKS made byJ. Ouiiauv it Sow, N». "WT Breadwajr. . . . ! AdvorUsomoct-Jof the'demagogue, reckless of principle, and only seek-Alderman, or Justice of the Peace shall take cogniz- ance of any fugitive slave cafe. . ,The Fugitive Slave law gives them uo authority,, or surrenders of the vital, principle of freedom," a« he and our law positively forbids them from interfering.•the North, and that they onghtto be and would be satis-factory to tbe patriptic reason of. the South; and thatby the proposed course of action, if recommended byyour Committee and adopted by Congress, all theprefl- continuance of Slavery, and calls for a prohibition of danger the public peace.-" The Fugitive Slvve law, of the. blunders made in this department of literaturemise " himself.Iu 1848, ihe demands that the Federal GovernmentThirdly,;, 'Tlii* section provides against the arrest of a fugitive from lubor u in a riotous, violent, turbu- lent, 'unreasonable manner, and so a s to disturb o r e u -—Men find it difficult to formally announce a death gracefully and properly, vet briefly/ A fair specimenrelieve itself of " all responsihilitv for the existence or•1ofe*1 to deprive Congress of any power to " prohibitUntitled Documenttbenefit at this Theater to-night, performing, for the last- i 1111849, he is morbidly anxious.about Slavery in the desperately, and unaided by any person, the negro much enthusiasm.held in all the States and Territories !m —•••• • >•-;••.-.•••'LET USKNOW,To the Fdiior of The S. Y. Tribune.SA TIS.'«•were fired at his head while in' the water, one ball enuringafleshwoundinhisneck,andanotherawounfl enlishead. Bythistime Xhe whole townwasinan uproar, and the river bank was crowded with specta- tors. To attempt an arrest in the water was of no use,ITALY AND GARIBALDI.—The Rev. J. C. Fletobac* • willdeliverthelectureonthissubject,thisevening,»c tbeCooperInstitute.Confederacy by them, what guaranty would -therjvbeof South Carolina's remaining in the new Confedera-tion any longer than she chose so to do ? Would «he turbance, perhaps, by prudent officers; but when meu', *-2. C o m p e n s a t i o n t o t h e u l a v e h o l d e r s t o b e m a d o i n G o v e r n m e n tBpuds, bearing 3 nor cent interest, the bonds to have fifty years torun;valueofslaveKtobeannexedbyCommnMonorsappointede<malrights^beforethelaWs.I am aware that it would be'an enormous debt that negro slaves and their owners. It was simply and.we should assume—some $2,000,000,000 or more—rbut in view of the vtist benefit to the whole country of a peaceful settlement of our difficulties, and the certainty that we should ne a nation, thereby soon /attain a de-only because the candidates of the Republican partv were pledged to the freedom of the Territories, that 1 gave them my vote; and now I call upon them to redeem their pledges. The Personal Liberty bills were not in issue in the contest; they are of temporary influence, and anv legislator may vote on them as ho thinks best; but X protest against the sacrifice of the great and durable interests of the country by the fur- ther extension of negro Slavery over its Territories. When I cast my vote I did it with my eyes open, and perfectly prepared to accept the consequences.for the bonds. Imand at least par. planofsettlementwasagreedupon,startoffintosuch'be wanted where they now are, and with kind treat-" Ectohcd. That it is the duty of the Federal Government to awent.and payment for their services, they, would no the easy process of voting. If there is anything loath-ithat secured to tnem the blessings of a Southern Con- the Union, is demanded alike by the sentiments of our anccqf -Slavery,'whatever that Government possesses constitu- find tbe new system more profitable than the old. In- ples and pledges, in the time of t rial, from weakness.federacy. Themanhoodandself-respectofAlaba- mians will be subjected, however> to no such test, for no event in the future is more certain than that wc .ball have abundant cooperation; and while we may be railed on to weep a little over the dead body ol the old Union, w e shall rejoice that the South is free.Yonr*. truly, •>• L. PL OH.—mAMOS KENDALL ON THE CRISIS.SECESSION NO. VIII.FaUl Error of the North—The State* foreign to each other inF*!*lion to Domeotic Institution*— CncooBtitHiioual, LfgHla- tien not NulHfimtion—Hostile Act* North the most Effective ArtuwenU offccc«rek>r>i>»t*—TheSufferer* are Che Border Slaveholdiag State*, and not 3ontb Carolina.TOTHEPEOPLEOFTHESOUTH.I f ' a p o r t i o n o f t h e p e o p l e o f t h e S o n t h h a v e b e e ndeluded into the idea that they have an inherent riirhtto recede from the Union, a delusion equally fatal hasb. en practiced upon the public mind of the North. Itin in the inculcation of the idea that they have anyright to interfere with the existence of Slavery in theSouth. They do not realize the fundamental principle think that' the South, or even tho more southern Southof the Cotton States, is strong enough both to assorttionalauthoritylolegislateonthatsubject,andisthusresponsi- Respectfully.people,thegreatinterestsofourState,andthemoraland rolitical necessities of the situation. W e thinkthe Vxme has arrived when an effectual stop ought to beput Ito all aggressive.and irritating agitation of therise to a conscientious sentiment at the North • more Slave States, and no Slave Territory."Resolved, That we will inscribe on our banner, 'Free Soil,of moral responsibility about it, and therefore ' Free Speech. Free Labor, and Freo Men,' and under it will to a fense of supposed duty to deal with tho jRght on aixdfiyht ever, until a triumphant victory shall rewardSlaverv quet-tion at the North. If there areTO GOV. WISE AND HJS MINUTE-MEN. \ HERE'S a health to you all, gallant Minute-Men, While the Union you guard and stay in it, men;But if, " by the Powers !" Disunion—you dare to begin it, men,We'll count you by sixties, brave Minvte-men—And then don't you see you'll be ours? .".Eeiolvcd, That we aoceot the issue which the Slave Power Southern, institution of Negro Slavery which give end moic Slave Territories, our calm but final answer i*. Neanv points of Federal relation to the peculiarly ha* foceo upon ua, and to their demand for more Slave Statessubject.according to theories at variance with the een-»,timents and convictions of the South in regard to it,wethink that those jjoints ought' to be disposed of by con-clusive constitutional settlement, so as to relieve uneasyconsciences at the North of that fooling of responibility,andofconsequentsupposedrightandduty. Wethinkt h a t t b e S o u t h c a n n o t b e e x p e c t e d t o r e m a i n , a n d t h a tcwr exertions."And, John Cochrane, in August, 1849:''This Convention hold* that the Federal Government pos- t-Wfk the legislative power over Slavery in the Territories, and c/vghl to exercise xt BO M to prevent the extension of Slavery there."A'eV-yorAr,Dec 13, I860. .« E. 1*. UNUM."'..'.; :i.. m • it'5u•K, , I.;]jiit will not remain, associated in confederation with aS y r a c u s e , A u g u s t , 1851, o p p o s e d a n d v o t e d t o t a b l o t h e following resolution relative to the Fugitive Slave Law:.-.." Petolvtd, That the Democratic party of this State will fnlth- folly adhere to tli? recent settlement by Congress of.the ques- tions which have u»bappily divided tho people of these Slates,tt the matter, they would see that not only theirinter- tercst, but .their safety, depends upon the acceptance offixed Anti-Slavery majority domination from the North,Sf>me such proposition as the above.Orange, Acv-Jerxey, Dec, 10, I860. PENNSYLVANIA LIBERTY BILL.a.as we think that in reversed circumstances our peoplewould not so remain in a relation of conquered submis-sion to a power manifestly hostile and menacing totheir vital institutions and fundamental rights. W e and will notther countenance nor sanction any sectional agitation"accidentiadeath."- .or our institutions that so far as regards the reservedrights of the States they are as foreign to each other as in fact, fulIv resolved to do so,"unless a just and necee- Port of New-York, which formed a stepping-stone to vania laws, an opinion prevails that we have on ourare Great Britain and France. Massachusetts has no sarv satisfaction to its reasonable claims, aud a respect- his elevation to Congtefw. Look at him now! .Quan- statute-books enactments which interfere with and pre-ble foT its exhtfnee: deed, it seems" to me, that as a matter of speculation," Rcwlvcd, That the true, and, in the judgment of tbi» Con- this plan would be a very desirable one to the slave-'. New-York, Dec 12.1G60.ONE OF THE MASSES. »vention, the only safe means of preventing the extension of SlaveJyintotenitorynowfree,istoprohibit it* existencein all f?/.-A 7 erritoryJby an"act of Congress.holders, for they-would receive the value of their slaves at ..once, and "relieve themselves from all losses by deaths or runaways, and could hire the slaves for about the interest on their present value, and would undoubt- edly get more work from them. Besides, the enhanced value of their lands, which would be sure to follow, would of itself almost compensate for the value of the slaves. The South would indeed, then begin to rival the North in business enterprises, for theie would at once commence an influx into, the Southern States of our mechanics and enterprisiriK business-men; that class to which the North is so much indebted for the degree of prosperity to which it has attained. It does seem to. . .Again,JohnCochrane,attheStateConvention,at me,thatifliepeopleoftheSouthwouldcalmlylookMARINE AFFAIRS.COLLISION.The steamship Florida,' Crowd 1, hence for Savan- nah at 3 p. m. on the 12th, when off Absecom at II:30 p.m., came in contact with an unknown propeller, canying away bowsprit, cutwater, and stove ahole in her how, which extends to her flooring, causing her to leak so badly that her five steam-pumps can barelycr legislation on the subjects embraced in the settlement."This rtcord brings Cochrane down to the period of the election of Pierce, in 1852, from whom he receive 1To the Editor of The JT. Y. Tribune.Sin: Since the publication of recent letters fromvent the execution of the Fugitive, Slave law, and toTHKKBHO-NDXXOTuoosxnnDjt.uj.su'W< of1 his negro could have been taken without any dis-• .•-V"•••.y%•'• * i :• />••.":'-.','• • » "•••deliveredattheMercantileLibraryLecture-Roonj,i« Clinton Hall, this evening... m •'•':CARRY A CANDLE.—-We are glad to see that som»of the late travelers to Williamsborgb, who ar* obliged to cross the river in George Law's ferry^bojatk,, are determined not to do it in total darkness, astkejr have adopted the practice of carrying cand'ea. W « commend their example to all whocannot reach'. vclt-sireetFerrybeforenightfall. Stopatsome< grocery and • buy a two-cent candle, and have, tat independent light. No matter if a little grease drops,. it will be intercepted by the dirt before it reaches th« floor.GAS KOR TM.E SOI;N» STEAMERS.—A new method of lighting the Sound steamboats from large reservoir* of gas, to be placed ou the upper deck, the latter being- filled at either ternunua of the route, is soon to be pat in operation. Four iron reservoirs, capable of holding 1,800 feet of gas, are to be secured on the hurrieaae deck, and it, is thought that in case of emergency the**.buoyant tanks may prove very efficient as iive-pre- tervers.CITY CAMVASS.—Tbe Board met at 2 o'clock yester• day, and went through the Twelfth and Ninetoeo**» Wards, completing the canvass within one day's work. The Twentieth and Twenty-second Wards will be taken up to-day. To-morrow the work will be reviewed, and corrections made. ' .P O L I C E COMMISSIONERS.—This Board met yosterday afternoon, and dismissed Neil Duffy of the Third W ard, for violation of the rules and regulations. Tho Cleric said that no other business was done.•MR. PAGE'S LECTURES otf ART.—The first of a aerie*To theEditor of The Herald:1.- ^sY-'j.•'- - - •-•www.fultonhistory.comii IIIII niIIMiIIimiinmmmimmriHHii iaamaamMMBBaigB—J~~Yv:v;. ;'^ .; T7""""""--'•'••• i i •-i,•,-.•• ••'- - •- •'