 I — I•fiitnsli tbsflBg. B h i1 r.^B^aaaaanthird aad fourthaided by the steam fire engines, prevented the flrefromiDr. Blunt, of the steamship Atlantic; Lieutenant Stan- ton , of the United States Army, and J. J. Hayes, of Wash Ington, are stopping at the Astor House.is choosing the In theCabinet Bail tosaythatwithregardtothoseof theSouth,a IAral of paeptaxJty is experieneed. Advances from i of the Sssdbarn feattaeaea frequently mentioned in with positiona, w—M probably prove Terrand in specie, $1,500,089.it l a N e w J e r s e y . Bosaanasanas,N.J.,Dee.»,"of the Hackenaack Baiiroad this mornmg ran over a hand car containing twenty-twoHackenaack, instantly kitting oneand seriously injuring I s m others. T h e road is nearly hnssbed and was expected to he completed to-day. The hand car proceeded from the jnnctinri of the Now YorkFears are enter tanked that he cannot survive.John Thompson, porter, slightly scalded; w m able togo to his home.John Hohnes, steerage passenger, scalded In bead andface. In the hospital.William Blake, snghUy scalded.William Blake, Jr. seriously scalded.BrasTwmrt Flak*, slightly scalded.Mary Blake, seriously scalded.The Blake family are all at the hospital, and are underthe charge of Dr. Tuthill.who reports them out of danger.I t . JAHX E. Satm,remote contingency.I uad-rtuad that the President elect one of late againeta irged by many parties to come out with a a referenoe t oHulldonotthinkthat helaataDdisposedtoha reaomttaatoremainsilentuntil thetimeof fcia tne-ururuttau, amithat principally in viewofthe wrosrav- frequency o f t h e aanhwmmsa o f aoathern poii-by the engine. The sns^sear is said to hav* runaway im- mediately after theUrwnuo. Dec 19,11 of grain in store attonoiof thai otty, ta 3,843.000The rest of the patients from this accident are careofDr.Waid.under t h eCTJT OUT THIS U S TW. J. F. DAILEY ±CO,tatyirFlour unchanged. Wheat Ann: white. $1 20 a $1 40 red, $1 12 a $1 SZ. Corn dull: old yellow, 84c.820. a 68c. Whiskey advanced %c.: at 18)^0. a 19c.; saw Mr. Barnett in the street. I asked him how it hap- pened that the Are occurred in his place? He replied that hv coulii not think how that could be. as his place had been closed sine* about one o'clock that day.FIBB IN THK K1UHTH AVBNTK.Between three and four o'clock an Wednesday morn-ing a Are broke out in a frame stable on Eighth avenue near Futy-eighth street, owned by J. A. Smith and occu pied by J. A. Bamed. One horse was burned to death. Lorn about $260; no insarance.Ftaa IN NASSAU 9TSHT.The alarm o f Are for the Seventn district shortly aftereleven o'clock on Wednesday morning, originated fromthe fifth floor of Duncan A Sherman s building. No. 9Nassau street, in the premises of the National Bank NoteCompany's printing offiee. It was caused by the ignitingof some mill beards placed in an upright sheet iron ovenThe Authors ofthePresent Political and oneo'clock,ofinflammationofthelungs,PsmnMOBGAB, financial disturbance*owe thecommunity aheavy debt forth* son of Francis and Margaret Morgan, aged 11 months sod injury they have inflicted Let them, then, aa the first step 26 days.toward* matongaarh reparation aa in their power, hasten to The friends of the family are respectfully invited toT. KEYMOLDS,306CANALSTREET, attendthefuneral,fromtheresidenceofhisparents,No.nFourth floor, occupieti by Harvey A hennard, blank book been thoroughly overhauled, and that will probably take BoccBocx.—On Wudnaasny, December 1 0 , Dtlsmsnion Mow Task was quoted 3 per cent premium. binders ton about $4,400. insured for $2,500 in the Geb some six weeks. In the meantime th* steamer Commo- CAROLINE HaaxnmA Boccaocx, voungeat daughter Of Whl2r>*am Sitae TeaTSSea.T**of the character ofM folt by the Pre constitutional for the will he pot offtoherd,JerseyCity aad State insurance Company The fifth floor was occupied by Barnett A Co., manufacturers of daguerretype cases, torn said to be about$1,098;sup- posed insured.The building wmowned by Charles Jenkins. Itwm valued at about $27 000; said to be insured for $18,000BCTLDIKG NOB. 2 2 AXD 2 4 . FirstflooroccupiedbyWm.Young,machinist;damageby water about $280.; insured fur $2,000 in the Common wealth Insurance Company, of WamaakebmSecond floor unoccupied.Third floor occupied by John Searel as a book bindery. Loss about $400; insured.Fourth and Seventh floors, occupied by John Guerrard, maible paper manuiacturer. Loss about $380; insured.Part of the fourth floor occupied by Daniel Adee, agent, printer Loss abuui 8380; no insuranceFifth floor. Anderson A Archer, boofcbindery. Lorn about $888.Part of the second floor occupied by Virtue A Co.. prin tern. Damage b y water about $300, insured f o r $2,000 in the Northern msurnnoe Company, of Philadelphia.Sixth floor, occupied by Loate Neirhaur, eaveiope ma- nufacturer; damage by water about $500, fully insured.The building is owned by Maishal Lefiarts. Itta damaged about $300, mid to be insured.The aamaaja done to the " Woolley tenement build ings," Nee. 8 6 and 3 7 Frankfort street, wtti amount to about $160. Henry H«idelberger, one of the occupants, sustained about $50 damage by wattr to his furniture, insured for $500 in the JBtna Insurance Company. Hugh Burns also had his furniture damaged by water about $35, insured for $600 i n t h e City Insurance Company. This tenement bouse i s occupied b y about forty families, among whom great consternation prevailed, but fortu nately no lives were tost. Had the firegot undersay headway many lives, n o doubt, would have been sacri- ficed, as the building Is not provided with any fire escape or means of outaide egress, as provided for by the Legis- lature.When the fire first broke out, Chief Engineer Decker, apprehending a serious conflagration, immediately ordered out the exempt firemen. Steam firedorewill takeherplace.We give below a list of those who were injured, with theextent of their injuries-— 'Jonathan Crandell, the second mate o f th e Common-wealth,scaldedlatoe face andeyes; injuriesnot very severe. He is enabled to remain on duty.James L . Meyers (colored), waiter , seriously burnedabout thebody andhead. Removed to thehospital. o'clock.ww»* i i - p f i a * • * •• « • • • -w ,Wlntm f l t M l G M M aWSpJffWMaWi «SaMB • . **^**~ M^ansBa*Xamaat^slvatDa A^s»tBtsmaniVI H BBBB..••.<•*•••• Wa•uc daysimportant. The money market w a s depressed. Sterling worth o f goods destroyed: Lockwood A Son about $600,exchange w as selling at 14 a 16 per cent premium andCttllenA Brothers about $1,000; partly iasured. The commonwealth will not be run again until she has two o'clock.U hue French China !Msaeilsta^s3ptaa*. White Freaeh ChtaaPtaaer M * ^ p*r*»aaa.$ 3 1 mI I- bushesi wheat- 441.000 oats. 147.000 bushels b a r - io t h e afibet that n o asmiisnm or concession lay, 84.000 bushels rye, and 3,000bushels peas; b u t this does n o t uactade t h e amount afloat a t Buflhlo. The total inrnajna of grain at flsiiagn and Baabio Oar tb* season, reducing flour t o wheat, a r e i n t h e aggregate nearlyDxcicrtHsr or A NBW COHCBBT HALL.—A new salsa de concert, called "Ebbitt Hall," aad located at No. 55 West Thirty-third street, will b e opened this evening with a concert, in which Mr. C. J . Hopkins, Mr. Millard and a glee club of gentlemen win assist.THXZOCAVBCoaBDLUB. whose arrival we have already noticed, have beea engaged at Nlblo's Garden, and will make their first sffeearance In America on Saturday even- ing next.Crarcmrr IN Am or SKIXOR ASSOIO.—The tickets to this affair are now on sale at the male shops. The pro- gramme is well worthy the attention of amateurs, whiteSacramento and Auburn (CaL) papers please copy.DoxAS.—In this city, on Wednesday. December 19, Jomr the eoldest weather. Only X cam. Sent by mail for 80 ceatavithe cotton Stales to forego their settled to go eat of the Union and attempt the construeDOBAB, a native o f county Armagh, Ireland, in t h e 47th year of hisage.The friends and acquaintances of the family are respect- fully invited to attend the funeral, on Friday afternoon at one o'clock, without further notice, from bis late resi- dence. 103 West Twenty-sixth street, rear.Armagh and Tyrone papers phase copy.HABIT.—On Tuesday evening, December 18, at hie resi- dence in South Scituate, Mam., SABXXL HARTT. Esq., United States Naval Const!actor, sadateChief of the Bureau of Construction.HOFTOAN —On Tuesday, December 18, JOSK K. Hcev- BAS, the popular police ofileer, while on duty in front of A T. Stewart's, aged 88 yearsThe funeral service will be patfamed at 384 fourth avenue, this (Thursday) afternoon, at one o clock. His re. mains will be taken to Cypress Hill Cemetery for utter meet His friends are invited to attend, without further invitation.lfflgBMtW A CO.. Chamdstsaad D r a n a a ,*a*i e^sVi ••>* 8aB*U #<VW Arf^sMaaaWaaAT•mpONaDrTRA TSD LEAVEN.MetasTs Edward Chamberiin A Co., of 1contributed, amongst other housaaoki cemforta, centrated Leaven—just the very thtag laaatiul 1 whokeoaae bread, mils, cakes and pass in a lew satFor sale b> all the principal grocers and r a GEORGE HTBATES. Wattof a Sonthern asnfedaracy*The appearance of Mr. Lincoln ana somewhat changedto the worse within the last week. He noes not complain af s a y direst athaant, bat that ha looks more pale andIs evident to the daily ob feet his n o w responsibilities ivehsnusamhabody, thevigor of his mindand56,0000 0Bnhnpa.red.Quite a retaaatma, no donbt, proved to Mr. Lincoln the|otly aflair that he at said to save attended last night, on iof the marriage of his friend and cordialBan. O. M Batch, the Secretary of State, to pairs, died at South Scituata last night. Baca,ofthaicityicut on the hist page af ana of yonr illustrated con- ir.es, *»»*—*»g to rsprcatat the lady and the two at the President elect, ie pronounced a wretched tu.e b y a ll that know Mr. Lincoln's interestingU latter of the 6th last., pohbahed in the HXSALD ofthe 11th, whileif-*k*»gofHon.L N.Morris,the itic Omgremraan from this Stat*, yon mads m a any, "Mr. Morris was always looked upon by republi- caaaassomewhatofaDonga*iteontheslaveryqaes-tmn." ItahoaM have read "aosaewhat aheadof Dougia.-untheslaveryunction"Place seekers are aace more "few and far between." Ho increased taftux Is looked for until the meeting of the State Legislature, to the eonrne of next month when "high t.aa is axpsctad to act in."PHILADELPHIA STOCK BOAKD. PHHJLDXxrmA,Dec.19,1880.2000, 2071,1902.SrcxsioB COCXTas before.Drawinft of th Delaware Stat*The friends and relatives of the family are respectfulry invitedtoattendthefuneral,this (Thursday) afternoon, at oneo'clock, from ha late residence, No 81 West Thirty-second street, without further invitation.Bostonpaneispleasecopy.FROMTHISDATE MENRTLETT.urged, with •^ava# asSBS^B^BUBwv. Wl NBwa^Ms^tmm* WwaBlavwlUatall11mil' nam* thatbeelect on all theamthaassPi' * W stAtaa**^^asi*^h*v sauaasspaFUrf a assj ihaBBS^aaassj pa^ujl** • • HaurVtnHUljr aaflsMTaaSB aaaBaw UM* 9061*flr%aal^BCUS OE ItUITCaUfiMiM WCr©WUluuns and the»*• anLmn^sB SBBBBBBB, BBBBBjSB 4A^B> SBas)au3> W*m8 (XXasflB^CwCHL W I M IUBH) A l v U T *slightly Of oourse the niphahai created a panto on board, and fears were entertained that a fire would break out. and it was sosae time before t h e fears of the pas- sengers could be allayed and order restored.warrants am, howerai, a snaamsaattag the offer oIn addition to Mr. Bates, several Eastern pstWeiaas ofaote have ham invited hither. The invitations are re about $4,000 said to be- of at. ( the Bon. Jehu A. Ito have h a m aaade through Senator Trumbuli. Th* i wipfaiBla are mpected hare In the course of the neat fortnight.E. O..C.FraananthisuongiypressedforSecretaryof crusbera;toesabout$1,000;satinsured. Partofthe WarbyOhio tafiaeaces. Thehat puny express H aho basement ta alsooccupied by Mr.Gromlm, dealer InMASTDOUSBTH, her18,by•—AtPoughkeepsie,on'.•••,,,,*~ Mr.Heeeman, D«WrrrCUSTOW.WiDiam Henry Crosby.said to have brought several strong appeals la his favor from CaliforniaIattarWe have a Pwdkaiiui taUHy ef the goads I we 1NEW 0BIXA3,Dec 1«,19at)Havana dates Of th* 15th inst. are received. News un- suranc* Company. Dick A Fitxgerald bad about $1,500The friends o f t h e family a r e Invited to attend the ously injured were conveyed to the City Hospital, where funeral services at his father's residence, Eighty-fourth they now remain. street, near Tenth avenue, this (Thursday) afternoon, atBCVKALO, Dec. 19, I860. The nalra! aasafjhty asMsaaaat af all thsCssadaa banks for November exhibits a naeraaaa incirculation for the month of $1.100,000. gam in specie. $4,500, and increase in loans $1,180,000. Compared witn the same month last willbeawaited,atell year,thereisanincreaseincirculationofover$3,000,000,days.The friends and acquaintances are respectfully invitedto attend th e funeral, without farther notice, from theS C._Bat they are not sgpooiisl to be made bywin be Touch—fad to them. A ''coming; and Erie Railroad with laborers for that purpose, followedCalifornia papers pleas* copy.CoLBS.—OnTuesday, December18, 84years.The relatives and friends of the family are invited to attend her funeral, this (Thursday) nc eleven o'clock, from the house of her aan. D. L 18 Leroy street, near ~taken to Glen Cove for•fl**, No. B beBRONZE FIGURES, BRONZE TABES, Ac, Ac, Ac, far theHOLIDA Y SEASON. Thepublicmay mat ass fl that every articleiCaptam James Chirbod,ea- se a lighter, soak yesterday mornmg near the mouth of th e Patapaco river The captain and seven others were drowned. The Richmond was engaged inTh*the stes tins- of has hnaaarana fitaposition are ohvtosaly lightening the ship Noonday, loaded with a cargo of sngineo John G. Storm, and Manhattan, No. 8,yvIAMONDS188 Pearl streeA N D WATCHES. BKHOP A REIN.FIFTH AVENUE HOTEL.guano.who are using "Our Mary Ann" until their own engine to repaired, rendered etbeient service.Istwwo.Baxanvaaat, Dec. 19, 1800.Obitsutry.BOSTON, Dec. 19, 1989.No reliable Information could be obtained as to the th* object of the concert ta one that should appeal tocause of the fire, other than It originated in the daguer- Chief of the Bureau of Cotwtroctioo. Equipment and Re- reotype case manufactory Had th e steam been turnedConstructor Samuel Hartt, United States Navy, lateevery patron of art.( o a n Cstlamslar TMla D a y .SrTRXMK air^ra—Crscrrr—Part l.Oyer and Terminer.The public are respectfully invited to caU,< compare"BISHOP A FifthAvenueHotel,nextuitheiad> Brands of Victor Bishop, a 1Stocks arm. Pennsylvania State a's, 87; Beading Rail-road, 17S; MorrisCanal,80;LongIslandRaihead, 9\; their rest injured byfalling bricks. TheyweretakenData the first af Jai Mb.*3Mahtan lane,AT RETAILHis WHOLESALE iOf RICH FARCY GOOD*Aad WATIOgaBBT jThe Greats* Variety ta the trade,FINE WATCHES AND RICH JEWELRY Aaeiectassortment,suitableforpn GEORGE HOOG. Watchaakar,967Broadway,nextdoortoCheaucaiBaak.GREAT SACRIFICE.DIAMONDS, WATCHES AND JEWELRY.SELLING OFF UNDER COST, TO CLOSE THE BUSINESS.DtaasoBda,_Prna. Bailing*, Bracelets, Coral Sets, Ae • aad Swas Watabas, all *siearated Baskersthe rear, about ftftybid fair to make aM8Trooi.and also on the The exerttone of th*to the building 23 aad 24, but when the eastwall fell in it crushed in th* roofs of the buildings 80 sad32. The buddings were owned by Mr J a s Sullivan, andoccupied by Mr. Deamonu aad Wm. Martin, as dwellings.Every exertion was made by the firemen to extinguishthe fire, b u t notwithstaading their exertions the entirebuilding wm destroyed. The building was provided with the mother sad Jaaghlsr seriously, aad th* father and pipestoletonsteam oneachfloor,andwhanthefirewas•rat discovered the steam was let on, but net, however,until too late ta extinguish the fire. I n e foBowing is a correct list of theism end insurances, as far a* coulube as-certained:—fast atFlrat floor, occupied b y* Gould, printers, Ml. Second, sixth Jenkins, printer;floorsseventh floors occupied b yemanated at about $50,800, insured for $34,000 in city and out town aaaananha t h e 'by Mills At Brother, manufacturers of dry quarts,t Astoria, aa17, b y the 1ST. Mr. Hardenburgh, Mr. A. ispices; has about $1,000. Part af the first fiber was also occupied by Sheidou Collins, dealer in printers' ink; toes about S1J08. T h e third finer w m occupied b y Weeks A Co., bouk binders, toes said to be about $10,000 insuredfor$3,900 inthe NewHaven andHartfordInPOMPABSVTHE FTOITRRS.on to trie right floor th e fire would, m all probability, have been putoutbefore gaining much headway.AmannamedBroderick,amemberofNo.10Hose, fell through the dummy in the building Nes. 22 aad 34 Frankfort street, andwasseverely injured. He was takeachargeofbybisfriends.LASGDOX—On Monday, December 17. Mr. THOBAB W. Part2aimeasyesteiday,withadditionofNos.1868,880, LA.NGDOS,inthe77thyearofhisageA man named Silvey and one named Brady eachhadkey steady at 18c. by Mr. Burnett, daguerriaa case manufacturer: the fire Street. Prises raahirt in all lrsa.Hir.rt Lotteries. o'clock.-Si*CfctfhwMasoowiasd—WhatBeIkmkgefSeem- G-f'utst toailil V - C. Frmmamt Prtmd fir S*crt- W*y,*le.,ste.PHILADHJHIA . Dec. 19. 1880. originated in his place. During the time of the AreI MORGAN-.—On Wednesday morning, December 1 8 , s t REATIf I were asked apon what element in the compositionof the President elect I looked as themost likely sourceof eppr>htaearai. I would not mention to reply either hiswrongl; imputed hostility towards the South, nor theailsgsd iy,itaBlion«aii of the party that elected him andnrpsrti taaaMhtaass on nr„ part to its tenets. Nay. odd Both mild, both from what are called the upper classes,and setect aeU of Purs for ptwentatien to tu.-ir wives and 132 West Twenty fifth street, this (Thursday) afternoon, iluniliUi' lin HII nwiiinc hnlfrtiyi It iaat this establishmentas itmay sound,I would ame.onthecontrary, a quality Which L by common «. cseat considered rather laudable than otherwise—r i iiis good nature.B a l l TJp.—sBsseattal* f o r C e n t r a l P a r k Grenadiers, are respectfully invited to attend the funersaOffers foraata, at rtUueac rirwas, a sBianitat aaaonasaatM FTtFirrB BBON7BS. DlkKCT IMPORTATTOM,Csasatins at Maatal Otnasaeau, tistsaim, tbaupa, BS*> staads, Ac. *»riaabtnraijd Gas fltuagattaaUad voas oaaal, at 8X1 F**a*B sua*, aad Be. 6 Aster Botaa, Bantay stiest,To receive ovary buu> * iiii unifoi m kindness—to indulgeaha general enrtosity with aatiruig patience—to reply t onjl sjaastjona with unvarying rsaamess—to grant willinggflapihvnce to all requests—to head endless suggestion*•say be a very food and pleasing role in private Ufa. It to threatening ta come out for so long a time that doubtlecdiy ttbawae, an effective means o f popularity l apuhhcspheres;batitsgeneral observationbysohigh-Btatmneti a parsonage a s t h e President of t h e UnitedBtatas, I ventara to aaj , a fraught with manyand that froan t h e vary abuse o f those for whose benefitIt a practised.and winter weather everywhere. Ladies' Skatins Hoods, Mitts, Legsins. Hug-Mt Tighta. Sleeves and Armleta; Boys" Skating Helmet*. Cap*. Mitts, Leggins. Armlets and Com- forters Children's Hood*. Sleeves, Leggir.o. Mitts. Gloves,this (Thursday) afternoon, at one o'clock, from his late residence, No. 7 Oak street. Extra carriages at tne Ham- ilton avenue ferry, Brooklyn. N o private carriages al- lowed.All that can chum the personal acquaintance of Mr. ]amstawulagreethatbetstheveryembodimentof goadtamperandsuability Theywillallconcedethathe has a kind word, an encouraging smile, a humorous re-fer nearly ovary ana that seeks his presence, and but few , if nay, emerge from his reception rooma n d wife,haveifailing paagae of political em mane* m grovelling tide waiters, fawners, syco-nun only m a slight do mdead, it m ayWILLOFKLIZABATHCLaT. Thiswinhrrorvsarealandpersonalestatetotheamount Daisy and the un of some $280,000, and It has engaged the attention of the Courtatvarioustime*daringth*past nine months. Ithas at length been admitted to probate. The following is thotexiof the will —i, Elisabeth Clew, wife of John F . Ctou, o f t h e city o f Mew York, do make, declare sad proclaim this m y h a tThe relatives and friends of the family, and those of herWashixtfrtam Billiard Table Identified. fatherandbrotherEdward andHenryBurke,ofBiigo, mo AILDEAFPERSONSandtenothers,withBaasfordsimprovements. Caalleage arerespectfulryinvitedtoattendthefuneral,fromher Ishserfallytasttfythatha taferrad that it wUl not b* visited upon oi all its virulence until after his ad- m the Whitetrueanglers, rubhcrooms149Fultonstreet.A Tree Mate* beJndgvd hy Its Fraita. Tbe unparalled aacceaa of1>K. 1 iJOVEB DOD'fl IMPERIAL WINE BITTERS, IN CASES OF CONSUMPTION, DYSPEPSIA, DEBILITY, and general bad haalth. should induce the afflicted to us* themlateresidence, Debevoise street, near Buahwick crass MothashSTIhavebeeneurad*foneofthe_ ofDr. roads, WiUiamsburg, this (Thursday) afternoon, at two anees, thai of tisimsstaa nstam ta a y aaad, fia r eand both promising well for the future. fMhw Amy Elliott undertook. last night, a rather higher flight than that esmjed by Miss Henriques, but has no occasion this nuTnui'.r to regret her temerity. S h e played Juliet, one of the most difficult characters in the whole range of the English drama, to t h e Romeo of Mr. Edwin Booth. M r. Booth is just now t h e fashion with Young N e w York, masculine sad fernmine, and Man Elliott has beenWonxaWe have notyet ranched the Christmas holidays, and we have already had tw o candidates for hiatriouic laurelsThe St. LeadsitFALL AND WINTER CLOTHTNGCUanm—Debutantesplenty thisseason.her debut w a s quite a relief, a n d therefore,thoughthenightwonwhatthesailorsterm "dirty,"thecosy Winter Garden was oiled in every part with an au-dience of course "brilliant and fashionable " Miss ElliottIs a brunette, young sad fair to look upon, with a fluestage face, splendid eyes, and, as the poets say, "a wealthof raven hair." She reads intelligently, is graceful, w a sconsiderably scared, sadseamed to lackpowerforthemore intense scenes of the play. Her deficiency in thisrespect mayhave been owing tostage fright,which,like s a a sickness, h more disagreeable than dan-gerous. Before criticising Miss Stiott closely w eintend to see her again; and, in the meantime, Towri-onU and wile, of Albany, are stopping at the St.being strongly and favorably mipressed with can say that her debut was one of the moat suc- Nichctas Hotel.an But, although his visiters cessful that we remember to have witnessed in the Col. Reynolds and Major Kendrtrk. of West Point; Capt.•vehimallthuswallphased,isitnotmore courseofaratherextendedandnotalwaysagreeableex- R.H.Abbott,oftheshipJudgeShaw,Dr.C.S.Collins, oTGreatBerrington,Mass.;S.B.Dyer,ofParts;J.Hop ,prvbabtethatthepleasureisonlyone-aided andon, periencein that way. Herlinewe should judgetobe kinson,ofSouthCarolina,andF.Marguandandparty,of1byhimthateaodaasdW Itistruenomanen- comedyordomesticdrama,ratherthantragedy. Melpo- Southport,Conn.,arestoppingattheFifthAvenueHotel.fayscompanymar*thanMr.Lmcom It• truehe meneisthemostexigeantofthemuses. Mr.Booth's Hon.RBeardsSeeandHon.W.H.Dimmick,ofPermsylvanin; Col.D.G.Uttteflekt, of Massachusetts. G. H. hrvesargument, dmcamton, wittyBarings,he,he., Romeowasnotuptohisusualmark. Itwassimplya VanElton,ofCanada S.Saguineandwife,afNewYork,ias much as say other mortal. But it may be, clever performance, and showed no sign of that genius and Mr. Smedley ana wife, of Mew Orleans, are stopping , safely presumed that th* amanthaai derived which thti actor's admirers claim tor him. Physically, at the Lafarge House.Caim8tt Broadway, New York.rr. bat that, on th e contrary, they ware largely alised the author's idea, but only at times. Dyett's Mer- of Delaware, W. R. Mulford, of Sag Harbor; W. H. Gush Th* L.add «tt vV*hat*r Bawlaa?Pnoanxx.—On Tuesday, December 18, Joax D. Pnonuix.bJa variegated mt*r*o*rae are not all of an agreeable Mr. Booth a the beau ideal o f Rome", and at times he re- Col. Alexander, of the United States Army; C. P. Eddy,Bum.—In Brooklyn, on Tuesday evening December Seat free by mail en issalpt ofTHE STEREOBC'COPIC ALBUMl with annoyance and perplexitycutiowaspamaaat,and theother actorsware atoreor has daagrrinatihi W e do not puman, ofIII.;WatsonandHowardAdams,andMr.Pier son and party, of New York; J. C. Gompton and wife, of Charleston,8. C.; L. Fletcher,of Texas, and W.RGreene, of St. Louis, are stopping at the Metropolitan Hotel.Horace Baboaok and wife, Westerly.B, L; Chas. Lad- ington and S. S. Rose, of Milwaukee; W.S. Johnson, Ho- race A . Foote, H . C Wooster and F. L. Yulte, of New York; George Cooke, of New Haven, and Misses E. and E. Phillips, of Montreal, C. W ., are stopping at the Albe- mar' Hotel.Arrtvals and £»*partwires. AnaivALa.HAVBB ami SopmuiriuB saaam hip Atlantie—MrsJB Kelly, C»-' E G Tucker. F H Comes*. Mme Laakynlaad SSB, Mrs Drake Mills and daughter, J J Towaaend, J 2 Raymond, Mr. Woedbridge, Chaa Pieraoc, lady and two daughters; C Oy. Mile Oauuer. W. Ctoemara, C K Smith. J Ounther and lady.maysowbehadfar830atW0BroadwayHerrtaar's Patent Champion Fire . Burgar hroof safes, 261 Broadway, corner of Murray street, haw York.Frozen G a a Meter*—Pnteat N c _lag Ga» Meter Fluid, guaranteed to prevent their freezing Only oftce, 882 BroadwayIS.MARTHAJ I.Rmxa.The relatives and friends are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral, this (Thursday) afternoon, attwo o'clock, from the residence of her parents, No. 3 De hValb avenue, between Gold and Fleet streetsrtnmsn —OnTuesday, December 18. after a longand severe illness, SBSA*, the beloved wife of Martin Sheren, in the 27th year of her age.Nos1,2andS,Each, containing. 13 views Pries 86 aaaSentfreebymailonreceiptofprice.partiaalara aa to sosay who were the worst.purpose to enter into any n matter, and attempt toASPLENDID HOLIDAY COLLECTIONSTEREOSCOPES A N D VIEWS. EXACTLY SUITED FOR GIFTSD APPLETOH A CO., Noe 443 and 4AS Broadway.Before Edward C. Watt, Surrogate.!tmne, W G Tompkiua, Cast Godfrey. Capt ._*, 8 C Moore,Rev C W Baakta. Rev B J will and testament, a* follows —I ftv«, devise and be- Lowe. Mr* E Bowler and «lx children, M Daley, B B Daley,Said by aB drug-Bachelor's Hair Dye—Keliable, Harm- rageawillbein attendanceat Harlembridge fromtenqueath nammybeloved husband,John F. Clou,above n a m e d , a l l m y p r o p e r t y s a d e s t a t e , r e a l s a d p e r s o n a l , o f what nature or kmd soever, to him and .is heirsandns- sujns forever. I hereby reaueat my said haabaiid to aid and eantatsay rsaatli • aad connections.a taemrespecwvmyasaemayse*si.s*icn«aa» aa I woakl do wer* I alive m dsttribiUIB HowellT Blanchi,e Schmidt,o Baaghsma,Jr,CBR a c e r s , J R a m e l E B B e y n t e a , P P l l t o r u . J C e a n , C R a y -moftdVP (.ourvouuer, J B Carson, P Dioniato. M Morland, B street. Sold and applied at BATCBXLOR'S Wig Factory, U A Stowtos, Mr Montii, J Fate, A WeiaL R BendelarLHD r . Y e * ~ STouaBTnu.-Op Tnasdny, Deemailer 18. HmrrrF.,son theutmosPV**y> * TXMm* w^MSS^aBjss^gflyyajJ8r» wuBaPtaW ^aanTM»^a^anBB>- .ajm ^ssaaaa;^.;^8ajjJ_ _ ^aaaBW /**».i8B* hereby mvssuag nan with fuB powers to sello'clock, from t h e residence o f h aparents,THATCHES ^$100,000« TM £ i I ^A T A. I l l / "*^* • •teas aad iw„ dausAiers, hnaiasd. DriiIHoolldaanndd..NeewwYYoorrkk;. MraadMr.Chaa^ullnand^niaat,HBMionsmul*atMobile.; Mfast; Chaa i: DWOonael- _ iahaaem, Liverpool. Joan'TmuiW B Jjralkar, Toronto;Tbrtybraadt,New:h San FrsneiBso; K j i < M * Maxwell, liver- u Fraadsco; F Thomas, do; Arthur Berth CsreBna: D t' ssooek. New York; H Klein, Fraadsse: A Weil, do; Taas B Wmag. Montreal CaptriTMmio«acy, B A. Ireland; CoraaKa Orinnell, New chuudraK «^•saPmt*m day~efIT.TZAMBTHI CLEC M FktmvSMM rb.i ,iiaarest,H Todd. New York. JamesThey were received by a \ of the National Guards remaining s tFrost, at a brief complimentary address, dieDown,itodry Theflameswereextinguishedwithafewpails CBShmma.aad*rawers,-1 %~S£&n&L&TnaiFEM-ov—On Tuesday morning, December 1 8 , o fconsumption, JAKX, wife of Mark Pembertou, aged 38 HOUDAT CLOTHING years and 8 months. rotof water. Noolder damage.908Canalstreet, threedoorswestofBroadway.A Cholee Selection o f Shoes for Holiday nrtaenu iust received irom Paris.presenia,ju»""aTM M ^ ^ ^ m Broa4w,y.•••' "Toys for t h * Holidays—Retailed a tBTRASBCROBS A NUHN'S.86 "Bay n11 loar Liquors for Medicinal aad fajnliy use a; the old Fifteenth street Distillery, established in ISO. at 386 West Fifteenth street.""*• CHABLKS WBTTB, Proprietor.Steinway Si Boa's Overstraaar Oramd and square Pianos are now considered the best manuf ac- tured. are warranted for live years. Warerooms 88 and8t Walker street. _________The Most Vawfal Holiday Preaamt— UROVEK A BAKEJt'S __Celebrated NoawleaaSBWmo MACHINE,3*0andupwards,«96Broadway,Newyork.Givethebest funeral,fromCalvarychurch(Dr.Hawk's),attea ORATES,SKATESPersonal Intelligence. Antonio Flores, Minister from Ecuador t oThe friends of the family a r e invited to attend th e funeral, this (Thursday) afternoon, at two o'clock, from her a t e residence, No. 113 Sackett street, Brooklyn. H er remains will be interred in Greenwood Cemetery.Glasgow (Scotland) and Dublin (Ireland) papers please copy.Pcixs.—At Williamsburg,on Tuesday, December18, ROBBBX Currant), infant son o f James H. and Adelaa Pul- ln, sged 28 days.l t i D B —on Monday, December 17, SARAH, wife of A. Purdie, 42 Walker street.PansAM.—In Brooklyn, on Tuesday, December 18, ABBA IXKUAAI, aged 27 years, daughter of Richard and Ann Perbianl, deceased, formerly of New York.MEN AND BOT8,AT AN IMMENSE SACRIFICEWe have determined to cloaeout the balance of our Wlatar Stock at a deduction ofMPSR CENT BELOW MARaTED PRICES.SMITH BROTHEBS, Boa.ttt,133aad1*0Fahoasaasst.PHI KAPPA SIGMA.—THE BIENNIAL CONVE&TIOM of this fraternity will be held at the Fifth Avenue How*, in the city of New York, o* December Z7, at 10 A. M Orator. Wa. Godlev, of Bat* Gaaater, CeUaga of New Jersey. Prtaea- ton; Post, Albert H. Stape, of Epation Chapter, Diekmaan College, Carhale, Pean.t h eStates, and Mme. de Lesleyne. of France, are stopping atthe New York Hotel.P. C. Calhoun, of Bridgeport; H. J . Whitingof Camden; Mrs. Tucker, of Virginia, a n d Miss Barring ton and sister, of Baltimore, are stopping at the Everett House.Governor Buckingham and family, of Connecticut; Hon. E Cook, of Iowa Hon. H. A. Baldwin, W. H. Barnum, and P. B. Buckingham, all of Connecticut, and ColonelThe relatives and friends of the family are invited to C TODART PIANOB,attend the funeral, on Friday afternoon, at tw o o'clock, O GRAND SQUARE AMD PICCOLO. from herate residence. 288 Deanstreet, Brooklyn. Thebasts isrfiisaiHHewvtt, Mr Duttoa. FenfleamahrtgAitantta 1ROsaaad.DEPAETUmZd., Asia—Capt a•n~tdu Mmrims AJlfIreadn Borownutifymg the hair. VtuvaiHill, 1aimltable Hair Catter, 1 Barclay street.—Arctic Ohjaaeat, earns erysipelas, chtrhlataa, burns, boils, pttaaaadT9BW; JeelTHm G Teal, Parte; PaulH"York;MraadMaHMB"fi*2£^^" ** «" "T»*:Vnri Mies WeseSt Shea do: Bd Power, Loudon. J amea nwIBerunT Mr^StTgrs Wm Arthur, V« »J h « ^ L*r1!m^P'HawxaarTasbiwt;' BT'&Peters,da; W(urtd.hewrverraaied. h y |T, ona* 833 Mhsth street, a few doorsBaaasstbaaita mfifor ( o u i h i . C8HTONS.ta t h e euiwaHOL-ieawthe Bow tartfieeataFston, R Carpee- Croli,CaptBinL U rwbteman. aawe, lady aa.<Marion—Chas A Mllliaaa, Geo E ^sVCC Wetah,H H Milbv, J , capt B tfia»«dse, Dr J F GrmA»m F Welch, Mrs Wiiwm.8AomrFio3L— f 250.000WTMINI.S 8££? S SRager, in ant and infaatandtwoeaildreoTM H Ro4t,Mr» ItwoeaiMrao, i n KaUy aad tnfaat. Mr» J * AndamanUntitled Document"SAME REGARDLESS o t COST FUENISH1NG GOODS AND CHILDREN'S CLOYHTNOUnitedin their power t o alleviate the sufifrings of the unfortunate people.fsmiry-theWhen this wm atone the steamer proceeded on herway to New York. Having beta short distance to go,the accident did net prevent her dotog so. Owing to thesame thing there fortunately w m b a t little steam o a , else the effects matt have been disastrous. As It was, thesteamwmsohotastoblisterthepamtonthepillars, atadistanceoffullonehundred feetfromtheBefore the Commonwealth arrived a t her dock a col lection w m aaade up for the sufferers, some of whom were really in want. The steamer was lying at anchor at th e time, waiting for daylight, the hour being four A. M A s noon as they could safely do so they came to the city, where carriages ware provided and those who were seri-Charles AartafoBsr, slightly scalded, was removed to the bospitaLThomas Killian, slightly injured, ta in the hospitalThe parties mjured, with the exception of those work ingon the boat, wen- all steerage passengers, the steamp O R N S , BUMIOM8,V Joisaaadallstahwmtaleat. to the pattaat, byDr. 3ACHAEDX, Chiropodist, 389 avoadway Refers to gac*a*f«A«aly.CHAPPED HANDS, FACE, LIPS. AC —CERTAIN CCEX and prvraattre HEGEMAN A CO.'8 Caassaor l e a , with Glyrerina, if used aa directed, will keep taeafansoft tanot pene t ratingt a the cabin.Patrick and Lawrence, are respectfully invited M> attend the funeral, from his late residence, 338 Manroe street, this (Thursday) afternoon, at two o'clockLax.—0aTuesday,DecemberIS,ofconsumption,MART .. YorkatlfcaV/tpercentpremium. whichtheyweremembers. nsxawaaa,xsjwwicaiABBamaowaiaran_ M.,wifeofGeorgeW.Lee,sged44years.Pennsylvania Railroad, 2&\. Sight exchange on New chargeofbythemembersof No.31EngineCompany,of tsrtaai-WOOD. BDDT ACO.,Manager*oftheNEW QaxxAW, Dec. 18,1880. sTsmuKBT or KR. JZKxnm TOTUBram i"»w» Cotton buoyant: sales tc-day 80^00 bales a t 1 0 \ c . - Shortly after five o'clock I went to the sixth atory to 103«e.formiddling;thesalesofth*hatthreedaysadd ascertainhewtheworkwasgvttingalong. Thisfloorup 48,500 bales, and the receipts for the same time 3T,0Q4bales, against 80.000 balsa last year; receipts a t this portuptothepresenttimelessthanlastyear,120.260bales,do. at all Southern porta leas than last year, taiJMM know. He then walked towards the window and sawbales. Sterimgexchange,90a101hi.andwithbillsof smokeIssuingthroughthecrevicesinthefloor.Heex- lading.94ca97c. FreightstoLiverpool,9led. Sight claimed"TheroombelowisaDonfire."Believingthatto litrttsriss*— exchange on New York, % a 1'* per cent discount. Sugar be the case, I instantly ran down to Weeks A Co., on the dullat4c.asc.forfairtofullyfair. Molasses,33c.a thirdfloor,informedthemaboutthefire.TheirporterThe natives and friends af the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from her htte residence, 160 West Nineteenth street, this (Thursday) afternoon, at one o'clock.MALADY.—On Tuesday morning. December 13, after a abortillness,PAXBJCKMALAOT,a nativeofthe towntaad of Mayo, parish of Moynalty, county of Meath, in the 86thyearofhisage.Hisf.lendsandthoseofthefamilyarerespectfullyin vited to attend the funeral, from the corner of Van Brunt and Elizabeth streets, this (Thursday) afternoon, at one o'clock, without further invitation.MOOBT.—On W ednesday, December 19, JABBS JOSEPH. youngest son of F. and A. Moony, sged 1 year and 21 days.Sac Flour, a t 98 a $5. Corn, 68c. a 88c.BAixntoax. Dec. 19,1860.went up stairs with a crow bar to break open the door. I then 1urried to my office, called up the tube to the fere- man on theseventh floor to hurry down. The engineer let on the steam, and, I thought, somewhatSrssxx Cotrsrr. CLASS 392, D ec 19, 1880.3f>. 64, 38, 26, 9, 10, 49, 5. 51, 68. 73, 14.i:ossouDATS» LOTTXXT, CLASS 390, Dec. 19. UM0.54. 69. 67. 34, 6, 48, 58, 25. 74, 43, 55, 28, 19, 32.Circulars sent free of charge, by addressingWilmington, Delaware.Floor etaady: Howard street at $5; Ohio, $4 87>,. CityMills,8402X- Wheatdull red,$110a$117,white,$120 a $140. Corn steady: sales 10,000 bushels at 48c. subdued th e fire. At the time th e fire was discovved a 63c. for new white and yellow Provisions dull. Mesa I hii! between fifty and aixty hands at work—theyThe friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral, from th e residence of h a father, No. 35 Westwas my prom room. While I stood talking to th* fore- man I discovered saouke. I inquired o f t h e foreman wherethesmokecamefrom. HerepliedhedidsotDXLAWABB—EXTBA CLASS 833, D ec 19, 1889. 65, 25,69,17.15,1,36,67,6,5»,»,7, 61, S3, 64, 63, 44.' 27, 61. «3, 6t,M, 43, 28. 23. j» aentfraw of charge by addressing either toWOOD. EDDT A CO.. Wilmington, Delaware, OrtoWOOD,EDDYACO.,St.Louis,Missouri.Snuonaxo, Dec. 16,1M0.tf 0sod JTaaare—The Cabinet—Bom.Mmward porkat$10. Lard,10c. Coffeedullat12c.a13c Whis allescapedwithout injury. Thefifthfloorwasoccupied O. A.Bllle, Broker, Mo.176 Greenwich Nineteenth street, this (Thursday) afternoon, at oneP. C.FRACOCK,IioaSor.IREDUCTIONIN PRICES.WATCHES AND JEWELRY.Purchasers wfll flnd Hto then- tatavea to fromthea—ntlf*1aaackofWalrb—sadJwwetry.ALL GENUINE ARTICLES, now offered at reduced prtoss for cash, byDrawingsof B.Fraace'iDelawarethat they may asanas upon getting the most fashionable, the best and dleapeat. T. RBYKOIP8,80S Canal street, three doom watt oi Broadway.at one o'clock. The remains will be interred m Calvary Cemetery.MCCCTBB.—In this city, on Tuesday, December 18. JABBSMoGcout, in the 48th year of ha ago.The relatives and friends of t h e family, also the mem bers o f Acacia Lodge, 837, F . A A. M., the members oi Alleghany Lodge I. O. of O. F., N o. 183, and th«CltjROBERT RAIT A OO. No. 881 Broadway, opposite City Baa, B. T.FIXTURE**, AC., AC.STBI-HRN PHILBIN. 7«7 BBOAlrWAT,Brooklyn.-< ameotyprn a a d graphs for Holidays. Hit early at WILLIAMSON'S.Photo.p A 8Holiday Pa—eat.A WHEELEB A WILSONHEWING MACHINE,o'clock this (Thursday) morning, without furtherno- tice HisremainswillbetakentoMorristown,N.J... forinterment.Pnnux.—on Tuesday, December 18,of consumption,SKATES,SEATaS. ^ ^ ALLSTTLES,AtW.J.8YM8ABRO,STEREOSCOPES AND TWELVE VIEWS, TWENTT- tveeaata. „ , .Now ready,Nos. 1and3ofSTEREOSCOPES FOR THE MILLION.Eaeh eonuuBlng; 12 anTeraat vi Knee A> cents eaoh.Atthereducedprisesaadwiththenewimprovements,wtu WHJXABPnutcx,aged35years,borninKingacounty,prov* a most acceptable present to a mother, wile, sister or Friend „Ireland.Hisremainswill betaken fromSt.Stephen's RomanCaiholk- church, at half-past one o'clock. His frauds sad relatives are requested to attend.at once, and be relieved of tbetr sufferings. Bepot 78 Wiiiiam street, N. Y.hav*ssBitaeallysatTsBsafar; NBW Yean, Dae 11,Dr VoaMesaaatab 1 aaa now abia to "Djeyad far aaay paw*STTLLl e s s a a d m s t a n t a a a o n s ; b l a c k o r b r o w n . F a c t o r y 81 B a r e i a yo ' c l o c k A . M .uewlypast twelveSecond avenue, corner ef fifty third street, without fur- ther invitation.VAIL.—on Tuesday, December IS, after a liiispm latj. i l l THOBAS Van., Mew York and Saady "aged 63 y«The reativm and friends of the family, the Maw Yerkand Sandy iiook piiou and the members of knjckerbocker LodgeNo.22.I.O.of O.F.,arerespectfulry invitedto attend bte funeral, from h i s h u e naldence, Broadway, opposite Mmth street, Brooklyn, E. D.. on Friday after noon, at two o clock, without further invitation.Wave*.—On Wesaeaaay, Daaaaahar 13, of euaafiat fever, HEHIT Wnam.BonofThoB. B. A. and Ann TammWeaer, aged 3 yean aad 8 days.The friends and acquaartaaoea of the famihr are invited to attend the funeral, from No. 48 Clarksac. avanue.near Myrtlesveaae, Brooklyn,on Fnday afternoon, at baa o'clock.CLABCT—0a Tuesday evening, December 18, JOBS a CIAKCT(commonly known as the Irah Giant), born in the county of Wioklow. Ireland, aad a th e 38th year of hasage.His iihtsssa and friends are reapestfulry inv.u d to at tenl h a ameral, this (Tharsday afternoon. at one o'clock, from h is a t e residence. 127 Elisabeth streetSold oahjatW. A. BATcI JB'Sof the 1U.Bsaxantv, only child ot John W.and Mara W. Andreas- *. *r. iwotoastr**"TMEverybody will bet*n*M*atw« are ta after perusing the follewiaf IM of f i l m»*hl>l BEAD! I "sTEAD HI White Psaaah Chaa tv* 8***,** ftaa*.MoriS. aadMaryMaury Bambinii, aged3yearsand80 WhiteFrenchChaaCoveredDuresidenceofherfather,L^lmonicoFarm,DeSAlbavenue,IdaTsadl asAtfl l*^hhSMPtfsan Vaaasaaash ar^mA^sm T^an tla^tb nearDivision,Brooklyn,onFridaymorning,ateleven *^***6*Atlsat VjajaaHfs^ajgsrs^CBawaav^tmamssVamta83tsm8asa8BVBavtBasah*.,•• 33 W OoidandCokwedPreachChiaaDuaardcta,lt7ataa*. m a t SilverPtatedTeaKetttas,aesh !7T;.....rTT. 683Ciuwwm).—On* Tuesday. Decemberbeioved wife of Jamm H.jfhaasnrd, sgad 37 years.The relatives and frimsaaf the family are respectfully invited to attend her faaWijL Ham her late residence, 168 West Twentieth street, saa* remains will b e taken to the church of St. Francis lavier, Btxtewath street, this (Thursday) morning, at half-past nine e>efcxk,Silver Plated Tea Beta, • ntaeasBaver Ptated Table Bapena, pie finssa. Barer PtatedTalde Forks,paraaaaa CmGtamGoblets,aerd*am.....TOGETHER WITH anriags"' aaawliiualafRICH CHINA VASES. BISQUE AND PAB1AK VIOCRES,k i r S4 4l\Cleveland papers please copy.HHERIRD WAILS, of the feat eared, aCtm- His friendssnd acquaintances, a n d those of h a sons.CroaiHGBAB.—On Tuesday December 18, jrrxGHAM. aged 87 years.His relatives and friends are invited to attend h ao'clock. Herremainswillbe taken toCalvaryforin terment. _ ^Sam.—On Tuesday afternoon, December 18, FBABCB J. KaTOi, in the 638 year ot h a age. formerly of this city. The friends and acomuatanrea of the family are invited to attend his funeral, from his late residence. Woodstock.of Henry and Mary Stanmeyer, aged 8 years, 8 months eat pata ar smasaaa* *fDTvoB-ffaa, W A r " toT^*rwads efthefamilyarerespectfullyinvitedtoat- eftheEyeaadBaratMvniaana, onpYiday forenoon, at eleven o'clock Carwill be on sale.and brmgtt with you.F lAhrrUAE iafaat. H M MeKeBsi', Dr A C MeNvUty,Mia*CKogoa,P i•veryvartaty,sadvrmbssoldtataesaaaeratioWBsvn,l7Hw remains will be, takea to Calvary Cemetery for k9A*v la*_»;JALDWI>, has, B) aad TJfThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 