 iviolent causes. Scarlet fever, croup, and other dis- House to punish this officer an h e deserves, or Elm street fire. I t i s there declared that the Phillips, Wilson, Theodore Parker, Chase, Sher- hunting up some other material through the eases incidental to children, continue very preva- at least so far as the powers o f the House c a n proprietor o f the tenement house consumed, man, Grow, and their fellow abolitionists, do streets with which to go Into the market, and,>Ohio, bat emigrated to Alabama in 1844, and from thence t o California. His election to the United States Senate was a surprise, not only to his com- petitors,buttothepublicThe overland mail brings intelligence of the total losBofthesteamshipNortherner,CaptainDall,onThe proceedings of the Board of Counoilmen last ton—something which happened sine* the elec- Half a dozen treason shops have been opened few other gentlemen retired from political lite; evening were o f a ' routine nature. They con- clairvoyants, in t h e present and past, fall far but t h e sentiments they contained wereonlj curred with the Aldermen in requesting the Go- tion of the Speaker and Clerk—seems t o d e - short of the wonderful prescience and extraor- in New York, where the moral poison is dealtvernortowithholdhissignaturefromcityrailroad mandinanespecialmannertheattentionof dinarysupernaturalpowersoftheeditorandoutoverthecounter.Thosewhocannot thesamewhichhavebeenexpressedbyallbills which may be passed by the Legislature. H r . the House. On the evening o f the name d a y proprietor o f the HERALD. Manifestly, i f we afford half a dollar f o r i t , g e t i t for a classes o f men who participated a t previousShawpresentedaresolution requesting theCom- whenhehadbeenelected, themanwho had are notthedevil himself,weare thedevil's quarter,andnetacustomeris lost,even ifit Unionmeetingsheld here and elsewheretadi•rot to thea stag at bay. for his speech.Let the dogsbeware.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Lookout•own party is preparing to overthow him. This faC taorattiMdbTpublic mind in the direction of the Presidentiaaad gained a decided encore,their tdkt faithfully aad well.gusiai and t'erri eotum*Altogether the »»a*a bat*,ia or the atsmtiajCameron forthe nomination at Chicago- Seward elected yesterday. The Deficiency bill was im- torical lecture, but was iu facta political speech thewill be swamped before tike middle of Jane if mediately seat to the Senate, where it will pro- of the deepest abolition dye; and to day we pub-The ladies aha were rot at tiv A.aa<Ma7 fight wUl be aaaghted to know that tnor* baa oe*» . had tiaprniamiat a the nana* r ofttfb'u.jtshe **»•» \NEW YORK HERALD. • p> •••••••• - • • "••~"JAMES «OHDOI BESfSKTT,BOITOR AND PBOPllEIOH.Those deafring a fair sample of what news- paper enterprise and energy can effect have struggle o f eight weeks, been duly organised only to take up our issue of yesterday. There-(DICEK.w.COBAEBorBASSAOAXDTOLTOMSTS.oarreportsanddespatchesforparticulars.The New York National Democratic State Con-timethattheHousewasInanmorgeni«d condition there were many o^currejiceg on die floor, many demonstrations on the part o f in- dividual members, which placed the whole body in a very disreputable light at home aadandstatementsbearingonthegreatquestions ranleadersoftheirpartyarestrenuouslyfight-(hop,arekeptbusysendingitforthfordisMai* nationinNewYorkState.rVmnTjlvaai.t ana, Illinois, aad the other Middle States wti- are doubtful, and may torn the scale of vfctsrv to either side. Private circulars •ccoo***!CVl«brwJ«i!<tfeu««tlA*fcA«J« • * * • • * *these occurrences in the conriderntion o f theomit many more of equal importance from the other European capitals, and this notwithstand-^H^^twL nfitenC^hSBa VY^Sfimp^gSSBmT ^ ^ M P I ^ F ew^ Baam a^S^eraVy ^V *aaaaa^ w^^*o ^ ^jro jron«i*a»*«r*iADr*wrntKMKJmtTolaaac XXVby the intense agitation which prevailed at thescarcely necessary to tell those who are in the habit o f following u p our foreign correspon- dence that i t i s written by parties who have access t o the highest and most authoritative sources of information. I t i s so constantly i n advance of events, and s o generally reliable, that it must be evident that the persons furnish- ing i t have direct means of satisfying them- selves as t o the true springs and origin of the movements, political and otherwise, upon which the foreign journals occupy themselves in vagueare about to move In the matter. These tyros in politics believe that certain investigatingof the collision of opposite*, Jgkn the\aikZ the alkali intoeaetama*powder. Theyfcve probably seat out 200,000 copies of Heber book, to slander the South and its institution andtoproduceaprejudicialeffectoathepub- lic mind in those quarters when taesnuU est gain o r loss o f votes U of the gjreat- est moment Thus a n the black leaobUeaa leaders u p aad doing, while the deatocratic politicians are quietly enjoying the tpoiU ofoffice, sitting on cushioned chairs doing nothing but dozing away their useless existence, or quarreUing with each other about the spot* of the sueoession, while they allow the coounoa enemy to carry everything b y default and without a struggle.TROUBLE m THE BLACK RRPURUCAN C A M P - There is a good deal of trouble just now in the blackrepublicancamp,whichseemstopromise still further complications a s events progress. After the defeat of Sherman, the republicansin Congress proceeded to bestow the other offices upon the renegades from the democratic party, the old whigs and the Know Nothings. Like a set of ckiffotuders, they hunted up the old rags of all parties, and picked out the eastoff rene gades of each to place In office i n t h e House. It appears that they are now going to adopt the same plan with regard to the Presidency, by nominating Bates, of Missouri, for Presideot, and Cameron, of Pennsylvania, for Vice Presi- dent, casting off the old fathers o f the republi- canparty, Seward and therest Bates and Cameron will, no doubt, make an excellent aad practicableticket—astreakoffatandastreak of lean—but this policy is going to involve theparty in a heap o f trouble.We have no doubt that t h e plan originated with old Blair, of Silver Springs, near Wash- ington, who has been trying for someyears pasttogetprominentlyintopoliticsbyallHIBLOS HuntOASSE*. Broadway.!'• horn. Asm- -VAL»OA—raecn SPY.ststed that it was intended to be occupied by twen- ty-onefamilies,batthat,atthetimeofthefire,one room was vacant. Twenty families were,there-mand. FortheirweightandimportanceeanaotwellBOWBBT THBATBB,vnrrnaiBDtt. O u m T t a t .be overrated. The popular branch of the Con-fore,inthebuildingatthetimeofthesadoccur gressoftheseUnitedStatesrepresents,orisandaccurateinformationonallpointsconnect-exhibitthesameignorantcontemptof1at A -JBAjriathe veteran leaders o f the party, and of the ex- perience which time i n leadership gives, that characterizes a l l cadets. I n the zeal o f their new conversion they fondly believe that they, cansetasideoldIssues,supersedeoldmasters in politics, and wheedle the multitudes into change, as easily as they have been wheedleddailies united, and they do not approach i t i n into deserting the political camp where their loss does not amount even to the desertion of aW ALLACXta YJSLAJIBA Untltt-MHDU.TR*.AJft'SBM*XM THIS ETIXIKO.testimony went to show the manner in which th e dignity of the body, and conferring upon it thehouse had been constructed. In his evidence he dignity which i t s weight and importance de-» n r BomntT rHXATBB -Sttra—-Inour correspondence ofyes- terday, for example, i s t o b e found more fullTHKATBa.04The N ew York Herald—Edition for Karope.Is said she was insured at Lloyd's for $75,000.the part of an officer of the House would havebeen considered as an impossible crime. A n d lieves that i n the independence, the upright-nomination,andthereforeisnotinthefight But their shortsightedness goes even further than this. They do not see that the coarse they ask their new black republican friends to pur- sueisadirectattackonthe veteranleadersoflu; was about to return home on a temporary leavegans, 5; heart and blood vessels, 14; lungs, throat,found.rived a t Honolulu, after a ten months passageat «•*••<**ventioa for the selection of delegates *t large tothe Charleston Convention met atSyracuee at eighto'clock last evening, and organised by choosingex Speaker Alvord chairman. A committee was ap-pointed to nominate delegates and alternates to the abroad. Some little excuse might be found lorwhich are now occupying* the attention of Eu- rope, together with t h e views o f our foreign correspondents in relation to them. Besides the letters given from London, P*r» and Ber-ing for victory.We announced some time since their inten-tion, as soon a s the House of RepresentativesI.if\I-iI>ANEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1860.The Recent OntrBgeooa A«a*H Vp»n t»e RVwapaper Enterprise—A Idve Joaraal. Tyros 1st Usa AbofUfloa Baathw-VSMlrinUs opinioa the Hew York Board of Papervbonis s legal and constitutional body. In the AssemMy the bill relative to commercial paper fallingdae on holidays was passed. Several bills of localinterest were passed to a third reading, amongthem the bill relative to the Brooklyn ferries. S e e the House o f Representatives. During t h eProposition to I haagt th e Great Poli- t i c a l Isaao*The new recruits in the abolitionked black republican ranks, Hickman, Haskin, &c., be- lieve, in their young seal, that they can change the great political issues upon which the vete-Crac*rLAT*f*i ov HELPER'* HARO^BBICharieatoB Convention, and after some other preIhaiBSij business, aad R general congratulationupon the prospects of the national democracy, the made ubprecedentedly violent by the outside Convention adjourned till this morning. Hsyor pressure upon all parties in the House, caused Wood received an enthusiastic reception from theject of aiming their inquiries at all the detailsRelegates.The inquest on the bodies o f those burned t o WesL But now that the contest is over—nowdeath at the late calamitous fire in Elm street took place yesterday, before Coroner Jackman. Several of the inmates of the house were examined as to thethat the Speaker and other officers of the House hsve been chosen—it is t h e bounden duty o f1*. 3T origin and circomstaoces of the fire. The owner of every member to use his best endeavors in im-the building was placed upon the stand, and hisproving t h e character a n d maintaining t h ePresldeat—The Da«F of the House. The America* Congress has new, after aTRKASOK.-Themaking greatband book o f treason i n tits Central SaatL" Anthon's depot, 16 Wall attest, and the ItaZLby the choice of a Speaker and other officers ofin was presented, in addition to our domestic news, a complete assemblage o f all the factsmet that the contest for t h e Speakership wasof the executive action of the President and theing our publication o f a triple sheet I t i s Cabinet officers, and it is now stated that they will makean efficacious dose, on the pthtfluSouth and reacted upon the North and t h ecommitteesBuren effected b i s defeat and the election of President Harrison i n that year, and that a similar measure now would produce similar political results to those witnessed in that cam- paign. It their premises were true, the accom- panying circumstances identical, aad the posi- tion of the country and of parties the same, there might b e some appearance of logic in their deduction. But theserence. The jury, after dae dt liberation upon the presumed t o represent, more than thirty mil-testimony presented to them, found a verdict,severely censuring landlords for building houses lions of free, happy, civilized people, who com-higherthanfivestories,andfornotproviding the posethebodypoliticoftheoalyrepublicthatnecessary means o f egress from the upper stories for wealth, prosperity and material progressin the event of fire. In conclusion, they requested can be accounted among the great Powers o f if w e m a y u s e t h e term—has perhaps theCoronertotransmitscopyoftheverdicttoBBO A i w i T BOCTKHB. AMIBreedway.-B:aro»8 WATOH- the Legislature, now in session, asking fo r t h e the progress o f t h e United States, under ,JIOWML M«LUIC«-'W9«AJI 5 WaUH.enactment of a law making it incumbent on landlords to provide for the protection o f the lives of garded b y t h e European rulers with a interest and aggregate value. The only paral-TBBATBI FRABCAIS, U TILIOB..-RlCOLIT—BBCXOthe workings o f free institutions, i s r e -tenement house occupants.A meeting of citizens of the Fourteenth ward washeld in the Reformed Dutch church, in Broomestreet, last evening, to make arrangementsforrelieving the necessities of the persons who were that our system of popular government is a de- rendered destitute by the Elm street fire. It was cided mistake; therefore they look year by year stated that $707 in money and $200 worth of neces- for t h e disruption o f the confederated States, saries had already been contributed for the relief and the adoption of a more consolidated go-of the sufferers. A committee was appointed to vernment It is for their especial interest, like-receive additional contributions. The names of the committee are given in our report of the proceed- ings,publishedinanothercolumn.wise, to keep u p th e cry that the model re-public la a failure, that our government is themost corrupt on the face of the earth,and that the governing classes are the commercial centres of the world, and*that its personal grounds. The parties had goneChristendom. It would be absurd to deny thatnever before been exhibited i n a n y single newspaper issue. Take a l l t h e other citygreatdealofanxietyandcuriosity,mixedwith no little jealousy and alarm. Attached to the old ways and the old forms, they verily believeleltoitisthatoftheLondonTimes,andthat fails in giving to the interests of the two hemis- pheres the same adequate share o f representa- tion. All this, be it observed, has been effected at a cost to the reader of only two cents, which does.not even pay the price of the white paper on which the number was printed. The expla- nation of the resources by which such an enor- mous outlay is covered is o f course only to be found in the fact that the HERALD is printed in NewYork,one ofthe greatestTheCoroner'sinvestigationintotheoausesoftheTheCanardmail steamshipAmerica,Capt.Millar,will recentterribleboilerexplosion atthe hatfactory bullies, therowdies, thegamblers and thebusinesspatronagehas furnished it withthe throughthelongconflictbetweenJacksonandBARirmTB ASjTmWiBOAH MUSKUML. BntAwn.—-AJfterB»UU—LOST 8 0 * - P t * 4 A A X T NlittUBOB. Evening—OCTO!BOOM. -Put*.BBT A » W m U t T H H A Waraaalffi fUU. <T1 SVoedway - •IUHIH, RMOA DAKES, Ac-ScaiAWJB ItAUA* OriK*BIBLCS SALOOR. aToeawoy.^s*. Oa*awr% Srra- Stasis m Soaos, DASCBS, BBauswsas, Aa-BiACK STAIOS.=Sew lorh, Tueeday, Fehraary *, 1860.MAILS FOR EUROPE.tare Boston on Wednesday for Liverpool. in Brooklyn, whereby six lives were lost, and aThe European mala will close in thi* citr this af- number of persons were severely injured, was com- loafers o f t h e great cities, and the tavern means of accomplishing all that the most ardentternoon, at half nut one o'clock, to go by railroad, and at menced yesterday. We give a report of the testi- brawlers o f the rural districts. Our foreign professional ambition could aspire to.three o'clock, to go by steamboat. mony in another column. critics a r e never s o happy a s when they The pauper journals throughout the country,faction.A cursory examination of the precedent they cite, and of the present positions of parties and the country, will show how little they compre- hend the existing state o f affairs, and o f the probable results of the movement which they believe will have some importance. I n IS 10 there was no great issue before th e country. Mr. V an Buren was a candidate f o r renomina- tion,andreceiveditfromhisparty on purelyThe ••aofBAB fnmo* or a n Bauu> will be pu bhnbed At the meeting of the Board o f Supervisors yes- can find a record of some disgraceful scene on which drag out a miserable existence b y t h e system, and the ruin o f many of the great ma- at tea o'clock ta She morning. S b ^ oopies in wrappers, terday, a communication was received from th e the floor o f Congress, or in the streets o f the aid of the printing spoils and such party crumbs terial interests o f t h e country. T h e con- Btxeoaea. ExciseCommissioners,showingthenumberof federalcapital.Itisuponsuchscenesthat asfalltothem,naturallyfeeljealousattheservativefeelingwasarousedeverywhere,V;.BubecrlptloojandadvertiaemenUforsayeditionofthe suitewhichhadbeencommencedtorecoverpenal- they found their Impudent dogma thatour to which was added the desire for kindsof manoeuvres,andwhois the parentofNrw Vona BanaiS will be received at the following places la Europe :— Losses...•nssspannLow,Boak0».,4TLodgatemil.ties for violations o f the Excise law during t h e success o f any contemporary that can pursueyears 1858 and 1859, the number of cases which governmental experiment has not succeeded, an independent course and that c a n afford t o any change amid t h e existing depression. the Helper book, with all its abominable doc-have been discontinued or compromised,the and thata return to thedespotic systemof setatdefiancethese corrupt influences. Ani- Forwantofapolitical issuethe attemptwas trinesanddesigns. It is amistake,howeverLaaah^Starr 4 OfcJtKiiigWulinm street.PA— Lanatag, Baldwin* Co., • place de la Bourse. amount received in each cue of discontinuance or Europe, where almost every throne rests upon mated by this mean and paltry spirit, they en- made to fasten the existing dissatisfaction per- to suppose that Seward's friends -ThurlowIjTamroou.Laastng, Starr kOo, No. • Chapel street. A StuartJO Exchange street, Kast,fJivflB Lansmg, Baldwin* Co., 11 rue Cornell]*. HAWtrao.DeCltiapeaarQngekOe.The ooatenu a t E a IUBOFSAB EBRIOB o r m BJOULB wfll combine the BOWS received by null and telegraph at t*« oeBoe during the previous week and up to the hour ofThe Sew». Bythearrivaloftheoverlandmailwehavead-vicesfromSanFranciscotothe14thalt.The news is important Hon. MOton 3. Latham was in- augurated a s Governor o n the 9th, nominatedthat office OR the next day. The vote stood— passage of an act which will guard against the re- what would be only a misdemeanor if commit- cure. Unless the world is returning to the age desiring relief from change, i s rapidly rising cerning t h e republican tactics. There it t Latham, (dem.) 97; Edmund Randolph, (anti-Le- currence of accidents of a character similar to the ted by a private person, becomes a positive storm brewing in the republican camp, which comptondem.)15;0.L.Shaft,(rep.)3.Mr. destructionbyfireofthetenementhouseinElm ofmiracles,itwouldbeimpossibletoreconcile inoppositiontoit Thereisagreatissuebe-Latham was t o leave Baa Francisco oa the 5th street The City Inspector was requested to report crime on the part o f a public officer. I t i s the explanation given by these persons o f the fore the people, involving a l l t h e thought o f will culminate a t the Chicago Conventionspeculations.ed with European politics than is to be gleaned, from t h e English a n d continental news- papers. Such a combination of talent,in- dustry, enterprise and omnipresent activity—compromise, and the amount of such receipts paid bayonets, is the only resource which is left open deavor to depreciate* efforts which it is not in sonally upon Mr. Van Buren, the candidate for Weed and others—will give him up so quietly into the county treasury. We give the communi- to us. /It i8 unfortunately the case that we give their power to imitate, and which, if it were, re-election, and it was successful. Gen, Harri- to make way for Mr. Bates or any one else.cation in oar report of the proceedings of theBoard, from which it appears that 10,204 suits havebeen commenced, at a n average cost o f $9 each,and 435 salts discontinued o n payment o f costs.The attorney of the Commissioners baa received$3,915,andpaidforclerk hire,&c,$1,260,leavingabalanceof$2,655.Thedocumentisacurious institutionstransmittedtothembytheirRevo- arrivalofthesteamers. Allthatwehaveto fairs. Mr.Buchananisnotacandidateforre- oftherepublicansthere,andintheintervalone,andexhibitsveryplainlytheutterabsurdity of the Excise law.lutionarysires,andtobeagainremittedintact sayinreplytosuchallegationsis,thatthe nomination,andpositivelyrefusestotakeit. precedingtheConvention,willbeworthwatch- to posterity. Members of the House of Repre- faculties which they imply are much more won- The country is prosperous everywhere. Good ing; but especially worthy o f attention will beTHE UNION MKKTINU AT PHILADELPHIA.- The great Union meeting announced t o take placeand life. The resolution from the Counoilmen for rum which should rule in debate, the popular results. I t is no exaggeration t o remark that republican leaders a r e stimulating b y every at Philadelphia came off on Saturday night, but the appointment of a commission of competent me- branch of Congress will sink into absolute de- if our European correspondence is made up in possible means the fanaticism o f their follow- it did not seem to amount to much. The speak chanics to examine into the c onstr uction of the oe w rision at home and profound contempt abroad. our office, all t h e wonders attributed to mar- ers, Helper's incendiary book i s circulated era were comparatively undistinguished, thoughas,fromtheir construction and excessive number brought to understand that unless they make a early and accurate information in reference toelectric touch every material Interest i n t h e ofoccupants,aredangeroustothepublichealth unitedefforttopreserveorderandthedeco- politicalmovementsabroad,withtheactual NorthandintheSouth. Theveteranblackacquitted himself with credit. He is a native o f State Arsenal was adopted. A recent disgraceful occurrence at Washing- tyrs, saints, oracles, seers, spiritualists a n d by them to every town, village and hamlet letters were read from Edward Everett aad tthe 6th alt., off Cape Hendocino, while on the pas- mittee oa Lamps and Gas to report what action it been honored far above his deserving, in "be- first cousin. has t o b e dealt t o them gratis. Wendell which a l l national democrats o f the Centralsage from Ban Francisco t o Portland, Oregon, to- wfll be necessary to take against gas companies for ing chosen to the second office i n the House, When will the dolts and idiots who level these Phillips a n d Joshua K . Giddings fill t h e States avow. The results of the Philadelpkitgetherwitheleven passengers,andtwenty-twoof the crew. A despatch to the President of the Pa- cific Hail Steamship Company states that Captain Dall was saved, and that the first and third officers, s e c o n d e n g i n e e r , p i l o t , f o u r t e e n o f t h e c r e w a n d eighteen passengers were lost The mails were saved. The Northerner was built in this city inchargingfortheuse ofmetres,the lateCorpora- degradedhisposition, and insulted themem- chargesagainstuscomprehendthatmarvellous air of NewEngland andNew York with meeting were exceedingly small,and it vtition Counsel having said that such charge w a s bers who had supported him, by addressing a their rhetorical periods in favor o f i t Theo- evidently got up by a parcel of political el'<^<«- illegal. results may be accomplished b y t h e simplestThe trial o f Hazlett, the last o f the Harper's drunken mob in one of the streets o f Washing- means, and that genius has less to do with their dore Parker philosophises on i t from Rome. titers o f a l l parties—democrats, old line whig* F e r r y c o n s p i r a t o r s , u p o n a n i n d i c t m e n t c h a r g i n g t o n , a n d a b u s i n g i n a r i b a l d a n d v u l g a r m a n - a c h i e v e m e n t t h a n s i n g l e n e s s o f p u r p o s e a n d S h e r m a n a n d G r o w p o u r o u t t h e i r b i t t e r n e s s r e - a n d K n o w N o t h i n g s — w h o . h a v i n g s o l d a l l their him with murder, treason, and inciting rebellion, ner the representative of a co-ordinate branch unflinching perseverance? If they had the good garding it in Washington. Seward and Weed old clothes and old boots, are looking through was commenced yesterday at Charlestown, Va. of the government in the person of the chief exe- sense to mark out an honest and independent plot, the political parsons howl, and the black the dirty political streets o f the republic it1847,bythelateWilliamH.Brown,andranfor Adensefogenvelopedtheriversandbayyester- cutiveofficeroftherepublic.Intheheightofa courseforthemselves,andthehearttopursue republicanjournalsshriekcontinuouslyinthe thehopeoffindingsomeotheroldmaterialtoX>timebetweenNewYorkaadCharleston.Sheday,butwedonotlearnofanyseriousaccidentsdrunkenspree,surroundedbyruffiansex-itwithconstancy,they,too,mightwinsemecause sell.TheHonorableBoobyBrooks,ofNewone of the first steamera that proceeded to San in consequence. The steamers Baltic and Northern cited b y intoxication, this officer o f t h e of the prizes, for t h e attainment o f which the Y ork, went t o Utica a short time ago to tryFrancisco after the breaking oat of the Californiagold fever, and was employed In running betweenPanama and Saa Francisco. Of late years she hasbeen engaged in conveying passengers and freightbetween San Francisco and the northern ports. TheNortherner was 1,012 tons burthen, had two decks,a aide lever engine, with a cylinder seventy inchesla diameter, was bark rigged, and was suppliedwith new boilers in 1857. She was 200 feet in length,32 feet beam, 23 feet deep, and had a draft of 14 were 470 deaths in the city during the past week,a decrease of 10 as compared with the mortality of feet It is supposed she was lost in a dense fog. It the week previous, and 48 more than occurreddaringthecorrespondingweekoflastyear.Sub- We have news from the Sandwich Islands to the joined is a classification o f the diseases:—Bones,17th alt Hr. Pratt,United States Consul at Honolu- joints, Ac, 2; brain and nerves, 109; generative or- rto which our government has been brought by of absence. The British bark Sea Nymph had ar- Ac, 157; old age, 7; skin, Ac, and eruptive fevers, 80; the machinations of miserable politicians. B u tThis is the state o f things which Hickman, Haskin, and a few more young beginners i nlight left their respective piers at the osoal hour, bound for Aspinwall, but it is supposed that they came to anchor in the lower bay.House had the effrontery to pour out h i s p e r vulgar are apt to attribute to others such extra-and sell the debris o f the Know Nothing party, and having failed to make a sale, he smashedisonal spleen upon the President o f the United States, and to assail him in language fit onlyordinary gifts. They prefer, however, to gro- abolitionism, think they can change with their up his own machine, while at the same time hevel in the mire of party dependence, doing popgun proposition aimedat the retiring states- endeavored to make people believe thathethe bidding of corrupt masters, and prostituting manship o f Mr. Buchanan. They ignorantly smashed up the machines of the other two parJoshua R. Giddings delivered a lecture last even-ing, a t the Forsyth street Methodist Episcopal for the pothouse or the kennel.church, on "The Duties of Human Government' Such a state of things a s this could neverA fall report is given in to-day's HERALD. have been foreseen by the good a n d true and vilest o f uses. Of course, i t is not to beAccording to the City Inspector's report there patriots who laid t h e foundation! o f o u rgovernment I n their day such conduct o n success any more than they understand theevenatthistimeitaffordsthestrongestproofof the depth of degradation and demoralization wards of professional exertion are alone to bestillbornand premature birth,3;stomach,bowels itispossiblethattheremayyet beasufficientWe have advices from Havana t o the 2d inst general fevers, 51. There were also 12 deaths from gentlemanly feeling among the members of the verdict of the Coroner's jury in the case of the ish issue, they proclaim, in fact, that Seward, having disposed o f a l l they had t o sell, areTHE INQUEST ONTHE ELM STREET FIRE.—Wefrom Liverpool, caused by a succession of disasters. and other digestive organs, 42; uncertain seat and amount o f public virtue, private honor and give in another column the sensible and just that party. In clamoring for a new and a fool politicians—mere ragpickers—who. as we said,N o movement of importance had taken place i n the sugar market Freights had slightly advanced. Congress commenced business in earnest yester- day. In the Senate bills were introduced providing forarailroadaa4telegraphtothePacific,toregu- late the pay of oHcers and pursers of the navy, andCalifornia. Resolutions were offered directing in- dosed without quotable change in prices. Flour was In mittee t o investigate a s t o t h e troth o f the occupants in case of fire, it having been utterly that it will be a long while before Hickman canlent The nativity table gives 320 natives of the United States, 93 o f Ireland, 41 of Germany, and thebalanceofvariousforeigncountries.go. And we hope that there will b e found a with so many of its occupants, is responsible to not know what they are about, and are incom- like the Jew, cry—"Old clo\ old clo\ who'll member who has a sufficient regard for the a great extent for this serious loss of human petent to lead the party they have organized. buy any old clo' in politics?"credit fortheextensionofthepre-emptionprivilegetobaiee,750ofwhichweremadeintransit.Themarketcountrytointroducearesolutionforacom-structedwithoutanyregardtothesafetyofitsThe sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 1,800ACADEMY or Mi sic—After a campaign inor less saooeasfnl, the artiste of the Opera have returned ao fthe Houseand thehonoro ft h elife, inasmuch ast h ebuildinghad been con-Notwithstanding the confident egotism of thesenew lights in black republicanism, we suspectquiryastotheexpediencyofamendingthelawrefairdemand,andthemarketforcommongradesofStatechargesagainstthisofficer,andthatbeingdevoidofanymeansofescapeaftertheegressdisplaceSeward,orHaskinfilltheshoesofthemetropotte,andoonBjSenoedanewseaooalaIrraglativetoprotect!**grantedtoseamen,andafttoandWesternwasabout6cperbarrelhigher.Common placelastnight.Theweatherwasnotespeciallyproai- theexpediencyofesattffllhfngsemi-weeklymails gradesofSouthernwereheavyandrathereasier,whiteproved,asitcanbequiteeasily,theHousewill bythemainentrancehadbeencutoff. TheSherman. Asforsuchpigmieschangingthe tiont;infact,itmusingamildtermtosaythatitWMOMtotwoaaStJoseph,Ho.,andPlacervule,CaL, thehithersadextrabrandswereunchanged.Wheat expelhimfromtheseatwhichheholdsunder jury,therefore,callupontheLegislature,now greatissuethatisbeginningtoagitatethe ofthedirttettnightsoftheseason,lakyaboveaadssoday*«dNewOrleansaadElPaso. Aresolutionwas continuedinstirnullingdemand. Thechiefsalecon- theimmediateeyeoftheSpeaker. Forthat insessionatAlbany,toenactalawmakingit country,theideacouldspringonlyfromthe below. Nevertheless,therewasagreathouse—oneofadopted callmg for all instructions aad despatches sated of Canadian white, given in another column. Corn person to occupy such a place after having s o incumbent on owners of tenement buildings to presumptuous egotism of raw recruits.waafirm,withrathermoredoing,includingJerseyaad assailed therepresentative ofaco-ordinate placeironstairways,orsome other approved^ * * * * BBBM a a a V O Barm m gM I* s ^ i " > n a s a a i a ^ a i i , > • > • *T ^% ia M*MPV* ••^aaasaBs; sAJtsMJaUKKKUXCT• IflO VvZEr*•T^o? 2 S ? !•*•*•* * leige number of pri- vate bills which have been passed noon bv thethe finest w e bare ever ssea in th e Acads' my. Theopera waa the"Purnani," with Adeliaa laiti, Brignoli, Fern aad8oatn£-a fine anartettei and one which Indicated a superb performanc*. TheChina*"and*",C*iTed ttom *•»*•*»«*»*» SouthernwhiteaadyellowatquotationsgiveninanotherComrtofClaim*.ThoPe* Mlwasreceivedfromthe'The remainder of thedebate on the President,making an appropriation for the nClair flats, l a the House the Post Officethe small ability they possess to the basestsuppose that the year 1860 is but a repetition of 1840, and that a personal attack directed at that time against a President who was a candi- date for the succession can b e successfully re-ties.The real issue beforesthe country—smother it up in Union meetings and other manueuvret as we will—is the radical revolutionary issue of anti-slavery—whether slavery shall be crushed outintheSouthernStates,or,at Seward said, it shall spread over the States of the North and East. This is the true issue -the vital question o f the times. As for these Union meetings,theyare•got upbyasetof usedup*"IJPwas organised, to ask for the appointment of Un, we were compelled from want o f space t o investigating committees, with the special ob-also, t h e 'ItreMeanlbut top much occasion forsevere strictures. It they are either too lazy or too unintelligent to son, on a log cabin and hard cider platform, They did so once before, to make way for Fre wouldappear sometimes that our public men, attempt. A s an example of the fairness of which meant nothing at all but anti-VanBu- mont, whom they defeated; but they will sot carried away b y t h e bad spirit o f partisan their rivalry, they are in the habit of impeaching renism, was sung and swung into t h e Presi do so now. They wilLstick to Seward to the warfare, had forgotten the responsibility which the genuineness of our foreign correspondence, dency. last, and we may look out for hot times at the rests upon them,theduty of conservingthe assertingthatismadeupin ouroffice on the Buthowdifferentisthepresent state of af- ChicagoConvention inJune. Themovementssentatives seem to forget that the man is only derful and difficult to credit than the opportu- prices are obtained for the products of the soil the next speech o f W. II. Seward, which he uIn the Board of Aldermen last evening a resolu-by the democratic Legislative caucus onthe tionwasadopted requesting the Counsel to the dignifiedbytheofficeinexactproportiontohis nitiesandfacilities which an unlimited com- andoflabor,tradeisprofitable,speculation is nowpreparing,uponthisquestion. Itwillno 10th for United States Senator, and elected t o Corporation to memorialise the Legislature for the excellence i n performing Its duties, and that mand of capital and business energy can pro- rife, and the conservative feeling, instead o f doubt contain some strange developemente con-Just,forWashington.HeiselectedtofillthethenumberandlocationotsuchtenementhouseshightimethatthemembersoftheHousewerereputationwhichourjournalhasgainedformen,awakeningtheirfears,andthrillingwithterm of the late Senator Broderick, which expires In 1868, and will supersede Hr. Haun, who was ap- pointed by the Governor of California, daring a re- cess of the Legislature. Hr. Latham was a mem- ber of the House of Representatives in 1859-4, andexpected that such men should comprehend themotives and aims of the true journalist He be- peated against one who refuses to*accept aness and the patriotism o f his conduct the re-RETT.BUCANLECTURERSONTHESTUMP.—While ingoldmensatS17SIa$1737*,newmessat$18a$18nation,aninsulttohissupporters,andafoul tures,andthattheheightofthosebuildingsbe therepublicanmembersofCongressarevery promisemadetothehopewasfulfilledtotheearWeplace. Pork continued Arm, with moderate sales, includ-branchofthegovernmentisadisgrace to the meansofegress,ontheoutsideof thosestruc-71%, aad new prime a t $14 25 a $14 37%. Beef was affront to their constituents. I f the majority limited to five stories. I t is to b e hoped that busy arranging all their plans a t Washington, have i a rely eeen a performance of the "PniRaai" whichSS^AmZS^l steady,whilebaconsadcatmeatswerefirmaadmgoodoftheHousehasanyregardforitsdignity,or theLegislaturewillgiveattentiontothis touchingthelobby,thespoils,andsoforth,request ThesalesofsugarsembracedM0hhds.Cuba,referred. chiefly within the range of 7c. a 7,l,c. Coffee was steady, any desire to uphold the power of the govern- reasonable request, and that it will make suchwithaview tothePresidentialelection,andwith awith sales of 2^00 bags Rio at ll>£c. a UJ*C , 600 do.ment in all its branches, it will not hesitate t o act in this matter at once, and to act irmly.dispositions a s will prevent t h e speculatorswhich proved that she wUl, hafore a groat while, diris-Maracaibo at p. t . and 150 Java at 15i. ,whhFreights were"EXPECTSTORMS*** tae sage predictions of the almanacs aboutone, is expecting soon a great speech on the state o f the country from Mr. Seward in the Senate. His very silence is indicative that ahecatomb for the sacrifice.to b e lectures on divers subjects, and whichadopt Elvira as one of her beat rofct,aad her perfdrataaot of it afforded a gratiiTing proof to her metropolitea *i milerethattheirfattatoherfuturewaenu«mUuiac**. She received a grand ovauoa at the haaoaof tae a^teae*, and h fairly enthroned as a popular pe^ Brigno'l S*JC very welL The A k e ears waa debghtfally rea >r-.-i,ABOUTTHESED A Y S."— Suchwe er**k » *«d from various signsittheir auditors—who go to hear what they sup- WORK IN CONGRESS.—The House performed pose to be a lecture—discover to b e really asome work yesterday, and then adjourned over political stump speech, designed t o turn the1till Thursday, to enable the Speaker to arrangeu *?***V » * 7«T dimcult to predict that there is foal "JJTMJy *•»*••* ahead in Gortgress. The •eAerials are inflammable, end both parties gostorm is brewing somewhere.A faction in histheir n o ^X T ' "passeda a d aDoorkeepera n dPostmasterL'Overture. which was supposed t o b e a his-forth* firat time here, with Ootaoa, Mae. Srrakr*:b • * The "ParRaai" will be repeated «o Saitudav »order and preventthememben aWotfngench of interest The Attorney General other of sayiDg what Is «(*!»,'> a j ftejdldmet last evening and transacted t communication declaring thattongue. The apostle of the higher law is likesury and thrown into the market.e ^ C a * nothing be done to clean, the str«e, &ment— an oration o f the same stamp. These lecturers are, in fact, republican stump orators, fadBtfmirgBivie.Tax FBRKBBO Bonrts DABaurtB. one of tae mon agrw able reunion* of the ceatoo, will take piar* at toe Af> demy et Mutic to bight, commencing •!fl.-eu\ •,.< ta»fiav; uU Wtsn4 V; ^viUi U*'.-. A*-**.6>kl dn01 0atof * P** *Spring*, and championed b y Horace Greeley,with a design o f bringing forward Bates andthat day.The Post Office Deficiency bill wasan oration o f Wendell Phillips o n Toussaint noli, Ferri, Soaiei and Aawrto will a>c« >'• «* aadoa Frieay "Der Kreaobntz'' win )>-• g-vea,to mm Speaker via endoaro,T^I.hedoesnotwakeup.ThereIssomethinginbablypassto-day,andthanaboutfourmillionslishadiscourseofJoshuaR.Giddings,deliThefSectofthenewarraajteawatistogiveuutneitrf the wind. The hounds on his track are giving of dollars will be released from the Sub-Trea- vered last night, op the duties of human govern much nveker appearance.before the House was organised.aimedi n 1840a tPresident Vanyoung converts t o black republicanismthe United States Bank y e a n before, and this had been followed by the great commercial re- vulsion o f 1837, the explosion o f the pet bankequalled that of last night O f course A delta* Patti saag theftoridaadbrilliantmusicofBviraveryfiael>.she did more—she gave it a true and vivid dramatic colorbwlarge editions o f Helper's Crisis a r e beingupon the poverty of the working classes from scattered broadcast over th e Union, there gaish herself in the histrionic field. H :r ectag piling them up in hundreds in narrow and un- are a lot of republican philosophers travelling n the aaale of the first act w as a«*r taatSEWARD'SMawSnaoaDJTHESENAT*.—Every safe buildings, and thuspreparing ahuman throughthecountry,delivering what purport a generally Men at the Opera, even «> UM bancs of experienced artfera Mas Pat', aurW * oWBlair,ofSUverthecommittees,whichwillbeannouncedonelection.Thuswepublished,afewdaysago,openedveryfinely.OaWiitmelayAOehaaP*ai,Br*Untitled Documentblack republican VBJIH, * exertions t o circulate BsiBaT"(he Compendium,"Conflict" manifesto o f Seward, with tat an*** of Charles OConor. both of which takes tor*. ther, the black republican managers $ i 3 www.fultonhistory.com 