 WmttAM H. Kmxuleft for New-York last ereningBear the port of Vera Cruz, by tbe UnitedwasVera Cruz, and the steamer Naragonsttt is on the ctc of leaTlng for the Pacific'.the prejndices of tbe met people. Ravingyet parga UsM- large wrong, vrtille the RepobUeaas stood by thatr Hlpii^frntithas landed our Consul-General at Morocco at—TKBXD BY TBE LIBERALS THEIR P0RCX8—his successislieyondthe stiadow of adoubt—"sopledge, so, the Party sought by everyIby Congress to keep Slavery a«t of thethe 2d last, aceoidingly, at a few minutei after %, attention. Be came with a detenniaaticn to eoaeeal be soon fbond Um Repohlieaaa assamiac tha,^i{*».<»-*iJMll I: :;;I9L.ix—4fO.asss.FBOM WASHINGTON.--^^!fbeeCr with tly Mae SepubUe.that the United StatesaiisebetiEeenthea,in the annals of pievent Inch strife. Aithoogh saohtjdanted.evidence takenshall be medistors for the eatab-tmeaimentt,that were aeverstipiilaiesVeraCrnzbatInthenameofhisownGorenunent.Ceaatitotioaal GoTeraaient had contnedItself to (Mac Um anthorltr to leave tha city, aadmusic,madetheoccaaionmemorable New-Britain.poneaentIk •• raataaaly eaasot pea Concno. PtaaUy the bill -«assaynothingBor*abontIt meoeedtheproceedingsbyawril-toraedoompUmeat thattheoalylegitlBUiteaadpeaceableaelatlaaefthatOl the lOth of H^MMil «rf tta Paeiie TaIe(T«ph UU hope to ean The Homestead bill was taken up. Adjourned.HmAiioa, apoa that showed more lncllnatlo» to the to Hr. Bunoar, who npoa being iatrodneed, was re- questtoa wonld be tbe af the ianlt^ thnmgh peopleIt y,,'^ Iha Sea%to to-morrow and pot it aa^-M pMHwe. Seaatar Own propoeea (ome to wUeh Meads of the biU ob- The arttela in the Mew-Toifc Etrrtn, at-HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WASHixema, Wednesday, March 21.There la the best anthorlty for stating that the cap- ture of the Mlramon steamers was not Inconsequence of even a line of instructions to the Commander oftlons eoald lesek Ten Gnu.By the osnal means known in war, replied C^>tpncH or BOX. r. p. biaxtok.Mr. BuaiOB said that aKboagh a stranger, beno future State eoald ever ask to enter tha Uaiea^a Blaveholdlng State, provided tbe peoide wan sllaaill toregulatetbeirowna&irs. WellaadMr.|>>WAB»Coiqaair, i« attrtbated to the fact thatby capture of the two Mexican vessels in er morning.Secretaryliberal aad cuuseiiatlTe aad until 4 a from the Oa Intelligent people,of thatp^wi The CoBpaar i(Boras tlie Lobby. Co).*The steamer P0ckakomSms is now under orders for ef a amall escort as had beea opinion sentlmeDt which helbonght desirable self fighting side by side with thesa ia riajMriataMdtopartheCoireapondeBtM.XnuCaoa'a UmsaU ageAt presentedefforsaken ground the Demseracj, aad hl^of ^ a«a|Mi anaagements for the Orerland Pony orders from the President or Secretary of the Navy,kaiota,atutiBB the Eqraas ftom St. Jesepli.AM aanomoT axb ren-oinct AppiopitunoN the vessels in the Gulf of Mexico are acting.Mr.Cbawtobs,ofGeorgia,(Dem.,)objectedto the iatroduetlon of the resolution.The Eouie then resumed the consideration ef theplace them in tbe position of pirates. All thla was In direct violation of propriety, aa well aa of fte naagea of war, and is not ealeolatad to OFFICIAL DISPATCHES FROM THE SQUAD- rccomaend M. Moaiios to the j.'mlntlini of lUig- laad,whichhastakensacbaainterestla1^fortones.Biuis.r—mm ea Ways aad Heaaa wlll-«ooa beRON.From, tkt Wmtkmgton CorutUutiom.MiAAaoa's delivered agentIn the ontaet he wotild say that he had little to re- markwithregardtolocalpoUtica. HehadQtUeac-tbe psinciples of the RepobUeaas tended to liuaafcmHeunderwoodthe tobe to do party distinctly readyIkaM^ftaiaport the Deiideaey and Post-office Appro-sundryCaptwlQitheleaders,butheknewthattheof the NatioB was on Conneetlent and that the for-toaes of the comiag State election wonld go far to withresolntloiis reported I bOIa. The total araonnt appropriated by the tlons.TotFCiT from Lieutenants Hiiroa anddecide thecontest of November. He knew chargedweretrying to isoduce a diasointiiia of tha CApolause.]I far tte next fiscal year will be about $45,000,000, t» wUeh Biay be added the permanent appropriations •MM>O0S; aad tba estimated balance on hand on ftalWhofJune aazt of naezpanded appropriationsJoBH CocEBAai, of New-York, (Dem.,) opposed, andMr. HiTiJ^HaxT, of New-York, (Rep.,) advocated the took place on the fltb inst., off Vera Cruz, between BAH contained, nor ia it of consequence, for thethisjournalsDemocracyIn his judgment It was for tbe Bootliai it impossiblewin be $13,000,000— kwpeopleandthe applyof toadmitsuchaState—a>tal subject to control the year, ef ••5,000,000.that the of fraud allegationda^ Congressmaklncelection, and maintainedwas not supported by a particle of proof, and that there was not a lawyer who could go Into any Co>irt, notthemeanesttribunalthateverpassedonthepricedoubt thla Butwhat has upon pointhappenedwillproiMsd,*HS AXMAITT PBOJXOT SOOXXD TO DXTZAT. 1m§mnuitam has been leaelred here of a grand pro- isat ea foot in Alttaay Ibr seeorlng autbontr for re- wtiag ebstinctions at Hurlgate, in the entrance of ew-York harbor, and lerjlng a tax on commerce for aa^paaaatieaL Sneh aatlwrity, if granted, would begarrisonbe zealous, vigilant and ready!measure as a Southern man, but as it was offered by aNorthernmanhe felt justified in it At that time he bad that under atchceepKtainsgas Ne-'Matcaialaaa eoatrcls thekalaOa spawilatlmi, togetlwr with many leadingI New-York. Their labor wiU be lost. AX ntPOKTAlTT D10I8IOH.itsup head,Party pa,was pimoanced by all parties able aad inge' Tbls vote Is not an expression on the meritsOed^byit is the duty of the House to order a prompt and thorough investigation.— State ElectionGov,Walxbb. Hewasdlstincuyinfavor,>OB Claims of tlie House decided an—rejecting all claims forAdjourned,THE SEWS FROM MEXICO.always received due protection that tbe ;sabjeetCoiningat the time of his appointment of allowing the people1..nt principle to-day,pay for drll serrlces wliere Om claimant recelred arial government had been seized by Southern men of their Institution was in theprotectiononly safetyof oia Gov-tagalar salary while discbarging his duty as acting aflear of a higher grade. Claims thus defeated aiaiill la the groa to upwards of a quarter of a »"*-" of donara. This decision reverses the ruling of tte Coart of Clalm^^'^on. Auais £lt retornetl Ma-.arentng after several days' absence from Wash-SHB OOSnSTXD 8XAT OP MB. SICKUtS.The anse determined by a decided vote to-day to allow Mr. WrLuutsoa an opportunity to contest Hr. kaua'seat. Hr.Sicxixs'speech,opposingtliereso-the Union, could not )>erpetuate tliat instltntica ; that_From the Assosiated Press.Q.W^SHinSTon, Wednesday, March 21. All tha Democrats and Southern Americans,andsuperhuman energy,any compare with that T [Sensation.]1partiesare with workingPartyand for the devdopmeat of oar ialarast"««— against Sicxua. The two Sonthera Amer- leaaa who voted vrith the majority are Uessrs. Asuis and Aasiasoa, both of Kentucky.;C<ee*aato take testimony, will be called up to-mor- lOW.The bids for printing the Post-office blanks were ofaaed to-day. Hr. Csowxll, of New-York, offers to •zacnte the work for *3, and Mr. Tbohas, of Buffalo, far Mlf cents less in the dollar than the Government kaa heratofore paid.ThaNavyDepartmenthasbeenadvliedbytheflag- aflear of the Mediterranean tquadron that ttie In-The has been a general topic of conversa- The i'rtiU acccmpsnies the other, with the msjority of speaking, as to be called upon to canvass the State. did, and with overwKelming force they went to the with the Pacific Railroad ? As a Democrat had said subject tbe prihonera. Logs of life smonK the crew only ; they polls, and rejected the Slave Constitution. [Applause.! to the President. " If you had taken the same pelas tion with politicians to-day, and it la believed will fireo tbe hrst shot. I will be in WaBhiD>con as soon as Tbe Democrats have secured the services of Mayor These things were told the President and yet he ex- to establish the Pacific Railroad that yon have withWass d: Co. are said toIs madebyon tbeMeetings Botb Parties at H«w-Britain.precedingthat If they refused to continue them in power would break up the Union. " If you doat bowTaaglar, where he was kindly received, and was on morning, calling for information from the Presidenttha most friendly terms with the Cnthorlties. In the relative to the capture of the two Spanish steam-CAPTUEE OT A PROTIBIOH TBAJN. From Our Own Corrsspondemt.afcaaaee of aa American vessel, the commander of the EngUsh shtp-of'War Fafntre bad offered to carry tka Ckmsnl and his fkaiily away whenever they de- abad to leave the ei^.ers, Ac, and whether our ships were actingunder orders from this Government. This willbrlngbefore tlie country the fact that the Govern fore this reaches you we will have an opportunity of State they mayns longer the old Party. It hadtCbaaged its principles,>, was on tlie eve of leaving Montevideo for of any kind to the squadron in the Gulf forParaguay, in compliance with orders fram the Navy Oepaitment, oa a friendly visit.for ascendancy in this unhappy country. MiXAMOit, whose coming has been long anaouncod to attackrecollected that the Heriden Convention of Hanufac- the Southern lutely controlled bytorers. split in halves, and, though each repre- vented this device forwho in-politicians, the Homestead bill did no injustice to Slavery, itThe President has recognized Ciu Otto Warn asTlee-Consnl of Sweden and Norway at Cliarleston,aad Caiaias J. Simiu. as Tioe-Consul of Sweden have no ministers on theplatform njponIn conclusion, Mr. Siabtoh claimed that be had shown sufficient reason for abandonlsg the Demo-that others should and do likewise go ;;«ad MoTwaj at Chicago.PBOCSBDDTGS OF CONGBESS. sustaining flag.Demeeiacy. and there is the fullest confidence that the natnrat anxiety to sell their wares. Their action did have been adopted without an admission of the at the cannot live more than one PffstilaatlslSENATE.Wssanrarca, Wednesday, Har.'-h 31.'Hi. Tbuxbitu., of Illinois, (Bep.,) presented theChicago, asking]Ir.Mssoa, of Virginia, (Dem.,) presented the reso- iatiena of tha Oaaeral Asaembl; of Virginia, in regardta the bounty land warrants tojglrglnlans engaged to tke Revolntloa. /"^Mr. Oaaaa, of Hiasonri/cDem.,) introduced a reso- iaflaa reqaestlag the president to communicate to Ika •aaata the eorreipondence between the Judgesor the President in and affairs there.unexpected by the Administration. Those steamersthe treachery of some officers whom he hidand who have been detected in a conspiracy to blow up a portion cf the Southern defences of the city,paidMr. Stabtob a well-turned compliment, aad Mr.of the Board of Trade of »AsayOffice.gaoeaadinga fttprincipal in this traitorous scheme, has been plsced of Connecticut: underarrest,andwillbeseverelypunished,withailCu. TaatfBren. secletyanutterfailure. Menoftheseextremeopin- bvE.O.in Utah and thePursuant to a call of the Democratic Tovm Com- a and enthusiastic was held iaAttomey-Osneral > legal proceedings1,071,aagaid to theMarch 21. vessels that be would commence the bombardment of Vera Cicz on) from the Judici- ary Committee, reported back the bill for the protec-Mr. of (Dem. Baiau, Delaware,MiBAXOH notified theforeignTbe steamer VVaire brought up from Alvarado Democratic majority. Famoirr, however, carriedtion of femaleathar nsaels, and it wasbill thathas passed the Bouse.tbaHomestead On motion ofsupremacy,towns. Bon- seemed to do hispassengers paasad.nightof the13tb,adjacent everyt>odyon board and steamshipsand he wouldof the 13tb the oiScers on the dectc of th^ light heavy guns have been put on board of the parties are woiklng for dear life. The Democ- erful moneyed corporation, holding commuaities best to give Mayor Woos a greeting. At 7 o'doclchm to reduce the price of the public printing and tomeeting President, and W. P. Sssixt, S. W. Jbbbibss, H.number of Africans, would, no doubt, hold them in theragalate the charges for binding, &c., was takenVallxMorella, un- ;—both Mr. Stabtos -andfavoredThe bill reduces the prices of cent., and provides that theputaway below out of the sight of the men, who werela tee blaieh cf ijan Luib Pcroei, -1,000; wiUxia Iswhotheir circumstances. He thought his audience WtLsaAB and P. A. HcatBcsi, Vice-Presidents, presentThis i< the sameand three buges were also towed up. Four of theThe .strife is, therefore, a close one,and bothcould be likenedtonothingbetter than apow-fires werebiasing,andup. printing twenty per binding shall be done bythe byRepuiillcanstoand in the same circumstances, in contact with the same W. M. T. TATtoa, Secretary. At 7)4 o'clock Mr.I.«F!jW-r-.>« ^i%H•WUUtmin ud SieklH Mr. Foot, of Termont. (Rep.,) made a long argu- ister. llTarlog bit ^iepatcbea.parpaa* e( d«-.^^jjllM m«>M M tiM ir.w-T.rtTl«-. X) «. WtfMBarar. Wediwidar, Harcb 31.~*^^liviiAnma »An.w*T aid wuoeam.ieppoeed to the bill, but bad since been eonvlnead of piracy antlkOTized any one im eapture it.foDod HiaAiioa at MedaUa. He explained tha object it will no doubt be ecocaded fliat New-Britain is eon- miles dlstaat Thsy were reeetved wtthehMi^nlofhlamlaalonb,bringingtothePretldent'aknowl- aideiableofanlaee. Thehetdlagofthree msnyseatswereeocdiallyvacatedtsaCositthaaMt polWealItsjustice.Mr. BinrAim, of lymlsiana, (Dem.,) opposed thebill, and quoted the decUloa of the Siipreme Court toThe I>tlubetween the British and Mexican Goremnents. oil's dispatch, M. lIuAaoa at once, howarer, dartaking, and yet was earried otit with decided nic- oa tha stage, thair totekes eztingtilsbed, aai aowSeshow that the decision of tba Florida was not Lord Jon Rvssxti Judgestreated the natter in another" If tha Gor- ocst. Both tbeStates sloop-of-war Saratoga,in pursuanceaudiences la three towns of ttw be found the State,catecopiesof all orders or Initructlons under whichUtleslposition. IftherewasaaiagleDemocratpres-from the Committee on Eleo-copiestalegrapbicdis-resolutions.Mr. SiczLia, of New-York, (Dem.,) in defeace ofhis light to a seat, narrated the facts attending thecompromise,the recent proclamation of President Juxaai to the garrison is sufficiently clear and frank to leave nooagkt slderlngthe contest ia a measarenatiaDal. At the time to be decided. If in tbe progress of the SonlberBand ask for a hearloir on sacb acaseasIspresentedbythecontestant. Hespokeatlength In opposition to the resolntlon.Mr. Dawxb, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) replied, andreferred to Mr. WiLUAMSOM's memorial to show that tbe latter believes, and la prepared to prove, thatspurious and frauduUnt votes were obtained toMlramonsteamersshowednocolors. Whento du so by our ships bearing tbe national flag, ibeir reply was a broadside and a rolley of musketry.^TBE CONKEenCVT CAMPilGll.He had known for years a considerable narty ia thaBouthemStatesin Avorof adlssolntlonot tbe DnhnuMany ago Its nnmbets were IncensideraMa. Ia yearsHouse ten consecutive years. He had then expectedto retire from political life, but reluctantly, and per-suaded by Inflnenttalfriends, he had consented to gointo the Territory as Secretary and aetlng-Govemor silent orof a busnel ofpotatoes,requiredarguedbraska bill Slavery could not go Into the territory ofto »kow tkeir colors wkenasktd t* do so placed them in tkt position ofpiraUs, mnd tkeir msoleiUCommander Tuania and the force tmder his com mand by the capture of the two steamers and theirMr. BsAscH, of North Carolina, (Dem.,) moved asa test fquestlon to table the whole subject. Nega- that tbe GoTernment and people of the United Statespot his foot on its neck in stoppiig nulUfisatlaa. But there were no Jacksoos in the Democratic Party t€ to-day, and now this Disunion Party beeame tarsaease- tlie Federal Ooremment. Congress cure the election of Mr. Sicklxs. When suchiS chargemssault on United States tkeir reai character.strips proved—tived, bU against 94.The resolution was adopted, 80 against 04.will award te our officers who thus nobly sustained the honor of our flag that meed of praise and approral to which they are so well entitled :[Copy of Ttlegram from Jjuut Minor to the Secretary ofthe ^ Navy.The Repnblicam Rallr—Speech of Hon. F. B. StaMtoB, of Kansas.Treaa Oar Own OerrespeBdent. Nzw-BaiTAiii, Conn., Tuesday, March 20, lECO.AU Connecticat is juat now in a fever heat of^^^^^^^He believed that the right of alaveholdlBg StataaThe Capture of tbe Two Vessels by tbe American Fleet.were—sad to relate—when he and Gov. Walkix went over theto Implore the people to go op to the polls and takein disunion would fall Into horrors ot whichto the New-York Times.Special DispatchWasbhiotor, Wednesday, March 21.anchorageCalls were made in both Houses of Congress to- aad ascertain their character. Upon neariog themof the dominant minority. Ituntil the elec-higher wages, were in a worse conditiao than tbe privilegeandwhether the Administration approvedthe act.tog'a firea a b.oadside, and tbe action beeame general, mocracy worked hard at the State election, Itseemedvvben the fraodulent—[applause] otherwise the laborer would beadava.determined after all the facte are known. The re- tween ihlB fusal to show colors was no conclusive evidence ofToar of but 1,670. The Democracy believeand bow the President cold, and the Press and the party de- dare man the condition of free laboreimtwo ezeaptions, present In tke House to-day, piracy, but was a suspicious circumstance justifying t the resolution providing for ttie taking the attack. If, after boarding, their papers wereRespectfully.R. D. MINOR, Ueut. U. S. Nary,He called their attention to the actice of th^ Demo-cation of the McLane Treaty.Prom AnotherNo Mexican news has been received by the De-partments here, except such as has been made public.Mr. Halb introduced a resolution In tbe Senate thisimpruueut Hon. E.If no papers were foundNavyPas9X a J/Octrs. March 19. ISGO. iand the aten discliarged.giving nationality to the vessels, they were proper'.yseized as pirates. This question it will be for the To n<(i». I. TorcT, SscBSTAiiy or ruz Wavt;Oorrespondent.Whea he belonged to the Deinecratic Party, they Moua, who heads the Democratic ticket is a team o pledged themselves to the ptiaciple of allowug the liimself, as a soldier, a diplomat and a Governor, who people of Kansas to settle their own affairs in theircalled to redeem its upon"have the advantage of being the ins," and are by no people, and make them slaves themselves. [Ap- against that bill ? Because it weald necessarilymeans dispirited by their triumphant success In New- plause.] He insisted that the Democratic Party was strengthen fiet institutions and limit Slavery wtthiaaearly three months, and that for the want of com- thisthe policy of theWhat did the Democrauc caucus of Senators it.(2.to Have at this time, in the sta'e of feeling there. WxisBT, of BostonMaisball,ofKentucky,gether witha band of iron.[Applaase]InCongressalter a wearisome march, aad several mis- mon mall facilities with Mexico we may already be adventures on the way, is encamped with » heavy train of siege artillery witlUn about six miles of thesribvertln^was the which Jakis posedInvolved in hostilities with European Powers. We wheiehe is city,spotto be to quietly preparingof the two steamers in the Gulf was capture entirelywill be sent to the right about if he attempts any for- ward movement. He evidently relied mainly uponspectatorings, any preference for either party, as a body ofments of the South were changed much. He hadAfter Mr. CoKinxss, a member of the Club, hadappeared on the high seas as piratesmeeting formed itself into a torchlight proeeasioa, with cheers for Bt^cxmoBAii, the whole ticket Stab- tob. and the Republican cause.tionsandpublicopinionhereissustained.It is now vividly apparent that, if the Mexican treaty had been ratified in season, the present dar.ge,-- ous and complicated condition of our relations wl'.apert. reported Mexico would have been avoided. It is a E-,i^ject of have treen ag:eed to lor the purpose of affordingT&jlor. 3«,3I4 Plepc*.42,715PiaaiB,Dr.MxaxLSofNew-York,Mr.Paa-general gratification that something has occurred fu override partisan passion and bring to an issue this long pending and vexatious matter.ADDITIONAL BY VV.\Y OF NEW ORLEANS.WiaAuoN a port of departure from the coun- try, wii:ch he- is Lkciy-soon to require; for hjs failure In this second expeuiUon to tne coast wlLI destio; ail confidence in him In the interior, and it is moie lit&ii probable that hi« return wl J be reoderej impossitje bv tne Liberal forces falling into his rear Be took the precaution to bring Marqcrs with htm as f&T &6 Peloid, wAere he placed him in cunfine- ment, fearlr.jE a pronunciaTfuento in his favor at tbeand Tolland countle8,last year,Congress by a majority of butcounty received 19 votes less than his opponent- FixMoin's majority in the County was, however,and in the district 1,489 over both Bucbaham and F1U.HORZ. In this town the vote le still closer. There are about 1,000 votes, and usually about 70ganizationThe growth of the demand for staple productioasof tbe South had led to an increase in the value ofiiouthein slaves, and altered the views of the owners.They had almost a monopoly of the production otcotton, and they saw virions of splendor, wealth,power and glory in the future. They viewed the in-stitution with dlflerent eyes. He thought that neitherthe character, justice nor perpetuitv of the Institution mittee, large meetingef Slavery was affected by these considerations. Concert Hall in this place this evening. Long before Slavery was now just what it always was. The tbe time appointed had arrived the street in front and South hid to exercise greater power to maintain itsNsir-Oai.SA!<s, Wednesday,theble for the shipping anchored under the castle. On '.-snightGeneral MtratruMi heard heavy canaon<i(iii;^ in the d.-$410,000,day out, ijiicer CeeeruL^ Kociia and 4,(ArU,Englishlanguage.most against the slave institution.thought thebenot responsi-Hr. Tax Exec, oftha petltlan ot Caub Svatbi and other citizens ofWarren County, N. J., praying for the pasnge of rection of Vera Cruz. There were raptured with Ute Mabi!i's fleet, and give him some trouole tf she ten cars from Hartford, to wait until 12 P. M. for theNew-Jersey, (Bep.,) presentedto aid in theBenced by Miu^von on the Hh inst.ingThe cause of Reform needs for Its victory, no other art>ltrator than the cannon. Let the cannon echo,—the triumphincreased.gency.:i.000 In tae leagues ;andHi. HABLia. of Maine, (Rep.,) offered an amend- iliramon at the point of the bayonet. A portion of Luis Poioei. Ge-j. CA:iVAjaL bas a cavalry force of the decision, for he knows PsasiN's po^er wlU2 theMnders electedIgnorant of the destlnatien uf the expedition, and who were forced into the service.and was received with cheer•a of and prtntlDgperoetiui.If the slaves in some future generm- New-York, who addressed the^eetmgby Congress.the Caplu:, 'i.OOO, Puebla, cluliugWooB enteredshould The having been called to or-Hr. ofCajosoh, Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) said theaMst stupendotu frauds were committed iu thu mat-subordination.binding. Ho thought the proper fiaa was to give it out by contract to tha lowest bld-iliramm, whereupon the latter fired en her. Tneo* Gen. loiasiA.4Br.Bcat, making the reduction 2S per cent, on the ores- •at prices.Hr. Cambbos wished to amend by madLlng the re-the Indianola's the shot. deck was carried away byKood meu; and the best hcrses that can be had lo masces,"lf not in arguments, ot least in jokes and 2,000 theJarflnn 40Ifr. BUlOriB said this was tooFrenchoaa serious lo^5 u>andof slavery has been universal at some period, and atTuomab Sxmoca.percent.by fightingprisanersprovehim,largeThe Ooveiument, they at the eloae of tbe session came the shore.had t>eenTa the CharUmbla.Our attention has been called by responsible par-ties to a case of want which appeals to tbe sympa- thiesofthecharitable. Awidowlady,whowasoncefor some time in comfortable circumstances, has been theShe bas la-Tkt aaadaet had systemiy by the officers, whoHeworthless. aaatraalors ebeatad them in the quality of the paper aalla evei^ way. Aad having thus cheated tbe•orwaid svaole.Itr. PrronMpoied a return to the contract system.esUblisbed Slavery.progress, lu disappearance is equally »»'"^*''aakngfor further allowances to make theinThetwo steamers had twohundrciandfifty men whichis about ^'^^ New-Orleans. >avtnt'..^t^^^A^^" '^'-^ •PP'y to »» the publicMO was then passed.Ifr- Hsia, of New-Uaapshlra, (Ren..) aflv<r«i>i . «,-haaithrIAflaerlcan Teesela withoutttie nationality ol the Sarati^ga aud uvIe^etL^Klpress.The taxablewasprovedhfie. The last rumor i^ that ..e has notified a'.l th*-say the Democracy, and PxaaiB appears to pleaseaccufed of calling Slavery a Divine institution.accepted Mr. Hahuh's amendment, andw.un.:=d amounted tothe Southern slaves but the intermixtureown exertions andamendment was to. agreedK' 2il!if" 1»^'.n?g offered an amendment to the third see-A sub- reservoir is located in theand degrsaea. he wUUngsession oycon- printing of the Post-office blanks.is the foice of power- tbe water that flre-"J*^in that way. She s notand in heri25^^th'eS?«"'? ?""«''' jjBMVtSocngines are not needed, and the decrease in the rate of insurance is more than eaough to pay the cost of the waur-works. Is about three years the reve- ae from rents for use of the water will overtake ihe In-crest on the debt for construction.freedemanded his L.idorsement becauseearn anjthlngttat the PresldeitTf uifamaaOeaataifany Instractiana have bee?^,,, TtJairaa T«piledyhHaanrnted ISi^ ta^toentiielj fCSi*oiSibie fortae«oa»a* the Navy, which. In byproperty«th«ea"tftm^t<tr3o5W«^taSea^y elenL^the the MWlfcweaof tha Unlted'stales were to outrage."at stir ofin despoUimIndianola relumed the fire, and her crew boarded laeOmiietiiUit^ok Queretero,on the whole I do not think that Stabtob regretted "of freedom. [Applause.] The Southern negro was In concluding his remarks the audience gave fre- different from the Northern. They were ^ilf civi- and cheers to the "best abused BHI lized, incapable of taking care of tnetnselves, and to quent prolAotngetdhe close of Mr. WOOD'S remarks. turn them loose would be liie calamity tbat (n America^" wasThe Mtriimon was then run toga broiigbt llie Harqute to.Tdc Picojunt is into.-medaground,and tbe Sttra-Mr ?wISi;AMza of New-York,a reduction. board the prizes that thev,e'e obliged to ciurge cu:, by Mexican oScarsfire the gun^, Msisttufromof Govftnmenis tnn he wi;i"The Borough of New-Britaia is one of the mostflourlahing In the State. Its water- works cost $90,000. Tke grand reservoir, about two and a half miles dis-said no such thing. He made the simple generaliza-tion races at tome hai thatall thewhite periodBut disanpears before Slaveryonboard, and their killed ^sd 'I send you cepies e' El Frogreso and Le Trait i'Vnion,vf thlsaate. The statement that cases offor liberty is also citural in a certain sUgeof aevei-forty.k.'Wii ^ ^ rtri :,..uvellow fcve: have occurredhere is intended for thegalions.ijgnil*.coo'j^ry " You areAii.n*ii,for her new poiMoa, UndSrThe IndUnoU engineertant, covers 175 acres, and holos 700,000,000opment Nothingcanprevent«"»"of/'aPdfdJia°o°ca^ientirely dependent upon herassistance of a few friends for supportThe mea fixedter Ltdtre. Carof tke B.-ltlEh legation, to bdng about scae •on cr ix underitandini between th. contending par-Liberal Corern-principles a conflict between It was utterly impotsible to avoid'^"^.^'•P^^^iiZ^ B?t .be is:of thetown Is $2,000,000.andthe fr*e and slave sjstems.Republican Europe, yon in oonsteraa-.f:„:^l?^^,:^|;'--^^ benefit vi the beselgiBg army. 'cuylri per'ecily ADIOs,2,000,-keepand late, with thew•aTsl^kfilil,ed^.CaptTcBiria aglcd Migiswhytc fired op000 gallons.Tkewaterhas a«;mcheerfully, early*he proToca;lcii. M4ai_t ^e- pUed that his men could not fce cctir<,Led. He knewUcan party, representingsiave iustituUons,of the mo he thought freedom thecobnetftleirc.t [AIpdplMaSusaea.d]tostrong enough for severe manual exertion,Etatet that he Informed thelata HlilllM (taaaaers were captured and their famlEb«d In Harana by Ue GoTemment, in acoorc- ftom Lor:; Jomi Roesaii, which he wti iaitraeteri New-Yerk City, The entire pepulattoaidea became prevalent Immediately heard the tlon.any pointS;iSmote'?to";^hitwhich reaUvenUUe her case 10«a cMlwarin Hexiro, aad by what taklp^.rt ^ It ia itated that the expedition coet $300,ooo, mostr mciil in Vera Cruz Uiat be had ce^ala dlepalch's dollars, or about eae-thlrd the rate of laiatioa Inauthoriu VeraAeeiaaaAeiawsaudeprisoners. Adopted ancewithaMeretartleUoftheAlmontetreaty.of lodrllyv:lotkeMlramonGo'eraDieat,andtlwtbe- the town is abont 5,000, and all sortsHethe feet that existed ia tbe aatare offi'Si^h^^mbayibfetLS ce^he^rbWHHi. HiHIBrcumentmaaafactariagJ***hashouldacknowledged."^i^ that «afr>ie rloir.g so ke wUktd to knowthaopmloaofTkere/utalcity,sented one of the great leading parties, both passed resolutions substantially the same. Both '-ondemned JoBirBaowB and all Interference vrith fetate rights, and both declared their Inflexible devotion to the Con-party ?determine ! ItBucbabab stands, that every foot of territory outside of the States is subject to Slavery, and that no powerreportedat this juncture, and bomb&rd the place. The event causes very littlecraticttaat-tiie electioa of a Republican Presideat In 18*0Querriaro, 2.«)00'/ncateoas. 3,000;— are brothers in-law to<WP9^P^^NNEW-YORK,THURSDAY,MARCH22. 1860.rail up the bill to Increase and regulate the pay of thia efty. Uent. Ckapmav baa recelred orden fraiK tlrel, to txrnm nay oplniou on tha cnbjMt, and njd ers, and ether leeeimcBS of Yankee aoUoas. The angry, violent and dangerous one, orarthiooilM Ih*the Navy. TheconsiderationoftheFloridaclaimsUUwasre-ofWaahiBftOD to remalB here, and forward hla dia- the, e«nU do aethkig more than glre Capt. *'»»»»» town la jvettHy laid out u<l eoatains so lees than, peace the Government [ApplaascJpatchea. H« bae dispatches also for the BrWsh ICtn- i>roeMdtoth««B«a,'a llaaa far thebilek edifice. The brieks. tbe way, are male la nearer and aearw, aad theby speaker atopaed to.5attIt was thereupon agreedasked leave the Gulf Squadron, from either the President or Se- send, on the next day, an officer with a flag,The battle has beenvictory won." tApidaase.] When he faoad fhaKr. Btajttov, ofto introduce a resolution requesting tha Presi-dent ta inform the House whether tbe recent ence with Secretary Toccst on the subject thisOhio,(Bep.,)Democratsaad the Republicaas favoring tbe exerelae of pamerMMgnm, to Icare St. Joseph for Califbmia on the 3d or whether the act of the officers in conunand of the Tbe GoTemment, with snch information as is amine the defences of the placenow In its pofisession, approres of the recent conduct advanced to far that the officer of tke whostatements of Mr. Foeria to be correct [Ap-planse.] Until within a short period be wasa Democrat He went to Kansas, never RtheepuUbnliiocna.n«(AviB,atSP.lI. TelegrapUe dispatches llOmfl at any oflee for CalifiKnia np to one hourdent ; also, that tbe President be requested, if not fusal of the Mlramon steamers to show their colors pelled to order them to and it that having previously lived aa hour entside of who believed the ConsUtatloo was " afhopennlitlonhedaalred—toleavetheoltT,aad half-a-dozencBnrehes.TkeNormalSchoolisafine Atthispointthenoiseofdro^liidMssAMTsumed.the vicinity, from as exeeDeat ire-red s«b4, wUekls qoietseas. The iatetmpiioa was eansedf^ tiCiSi- ment In •upport of the bill. He said he was formerly JuAiiK^fl proefamatlon declartnc Mam's expedition 0poD thl(, Hr. AUBAH left with hla Interpreter, and pli ntiful. When I add ttat the towa is lit with gas, tranee of the delegatin from SoaOiagtaarsaaBpablliheitha details of the resnlationsedge the Instructions contained In I^rd Johii Ru». meetings slmnltantoBaly, vras, however, no slightoo- attar their weary auR^ Tbeir baansr was ataaMato be regarded aa final. He thoutbt the claim rested amnesty and reUgious toleration. If tbe propoattlen emaient of Vera Crtu," saM be, wish to make aad the Rcpoblicaas flUed tke iBigest hall in tha Mr. ScABioa reaamad, and nltaratad his baliat Ihscupon no ground of equity or jusilce. is of in propoiltions, I will recelre and examine them." place—holding about six hundred nenons. the conflict should not ba aa aagry or jalsntlaiproposesanannistice>generallight"Demoeratle aieetlagswere lasaaied its oiidalT atteaiioa. crowded, meetingthe opinion,, this Mt, Balb also opposed the MIL He read extracts declined, Eaflsnd most demand both part&es Capt. AuBAa replied that the Constitutlanal Got* Early In the evening the nnosailbqstleqtilts trsas- one, or dangarona to tlM perpatoitrM te naloa of to show that the decisions of the Judges were very Mexico the fall indemnity dne Englidi subjects ersment had no concem whatever with theee propo- formed the onially quiet streets, and aoon the nnia- these States. IVhile ha beliared that waa tha tw^Banttors ezpraai^'Ital a* inesncna tnatT *IU be rerived,to **ke it eonform with tbaThe PaeilcI CoBusttiee of Oa Hooae bsTliig resolTed toI ! ttm ef ImUdtBg only oae road, the enter-r be legaidad ai a dead failan. The bCU Messrs. ToeaBS and Hauoxt opposed the post- 3dinst,with the declaration that the propoeitioas else that be should at odc» abaadon the affair, and Mr. P. P. CatMBBBiAtir, President of the Clob, com- the territories oreaaeoonat of thsoi. Be liaiiiailloosely made, and that the allowances were very ex i trava-gant. The avrards were made for loss of crops \MmAxev bas proposed the terms of the ansistioe. and alUons, to which. Indeed, the, were utter sirangera, bcra fiocklng to the halls, tbe arriving of delegattimsFrance, 8paim, Prasiia and —that he bad not cone on behalf of tbe aothorlties at Irom neighboring towns, aad the sound of martialaedtioas of the Cenfedareey separata, wan ^mtl^AUthetheit tbe special order for Monday, as be desired toa among nattoas of Enrepe might areatawasMr. Batabs moved taMeanttaie the Custom Houae Uiat tha are to be divided between the twoexfmrtt.and make Ushmeat of peace.speak OB tbe subjectcal Party, amMDoently, to aiaka propositions,—orpostponeTlie Republleans, under the ansplees of the Tonne such a waspreveatsd bytlMtlwaCpostponedApril.blU,aad that h was for the Cleri- dellrer hin^fetehea,—Men's met In tbe North Club,contingencymen brotherhood oetween tbe North and Oa KIf any ctmiUct of anas should eoaae, it weald ka laEngland, —our plan of onion wasdutiesJcaaxs returned Mxancui*! commonlcatiai on theChurch, orStrioUand's Hall, aad commenced operatioBS about 7H o'clock.^^>artlea.,.were ahsard and inadmissible.WasnxjieToa, Wednesday, March 21. negotiation, and asked in what mamier hla ptopoai. eetved with most flattering testimonials of welcome. tics themselves. /He beB It to he damsastiaMa (hatAisua—underatagoftruce.that Kiaiaoic should deemed Itaeeessaty to remark that his preseace was said " :not voluntary, but at the of one of their Sena- reqaeettor*. He declined at first hot eventnally accepted, cretary of the Nary, though the act Is faUy approred accempanled by a small escort to Hallbran, for be was told that the of Conneettcat werealresdy iooght sal tbathe Administration. Ciss had a confer- and that he should await there, from noon peopleclearly aoandoaiBg Popular 8oTaraicBtr>wlU be StToUgm has been or will be approved by the Presi- of our naTSl officers In the Gulf of Mexico. The re- garrtaon,was sent to receive the commnalcatloa. was com-stop, appeared Incompatible with the public service, to communi- when asked to do so, was considered suiBcient to UiaAaaa himself waa in the centre of the cavalry.eonqwefwita expect- belt" as they politely termed it daughterJ but ha ed that he woold give some reason for his present po- liad never met one of them, and he Delieyad theyWe below publishquaintanceeye their whole doty under the Constitntlon. Onplaaasil As a party In favor of State rights, they coiud aot baofpatches receired yesterday morning by SecretaryCsAwuxm,United States Nayy, aanoancing that an engagement it.great because theUnim.the United States sloop-of-war Sar^ogm^ with detach- ments from tbe SavannMk and Prekte on board the steamers InHmnoU and Wavtj under the command of Commander TliuiBa, and two war steamers—the Gen. Mtramon and the ifor^u.of Harana—belong- ing to the Mlramon fectlon in Mexico, and procee J -Au>. Constltatlonal Government has so wish for any suchwhich it Imows to be and Imponlble,to carry this election. He feltjDstited,therefbre,incon- Territories, and the was decided as it qoestieno'clock, masaenger garrison. would llstea to what he had to say with respsctfolTsiilu>ils|.but instaa*being accompanied byagreed upon, he waa attended by 400 horaeman 'This agent waa Chief of the Staff, who had thus un- fairly taken adTantage ot the clrcumstanee to ex-no orto express, being careful aot ta offend toe feelings or The SenMcratic Partr had to oflettera for AiBBia and nothiag more. All this passed between MraAaoa and Lord Jobs Ri»qu.'s repreaentsUve, of the without involving the Ulieral Government in any way. either in the basis of the scheme or in reply toWedonotknowwhattheselettersto Capt any:the 400 horaemeacalledadistmloii party, but he had vat to saa thaiot who was la favor of tne dlsaiiaUaa «fthere was a [Applatise.j True, Mfirof Vera which was com- probably hasten the opening of hostilities. Let the Compromise. He would never have asked for that Cruz,course,popolationtogmUyselgeThecauseoftheconflictis dlitlnctiyshown. Thethat suek was The outrage was promptly and gallantly aTengedinsolent commander, Senor MASiif and we ;doubtnotof the to settle their own liutltutlonB invour knee and 'neck to ttiat yourVia Kxw-OsLEAiis, 8. w. Pass, March 19, ISM. 8ia: Lieut. Cbapmas left Vera Cms on the elerentfa (llth) Iretant, in comnand of the prize steacaer Jlfar- of HaTftBa, as t>eErer of dispatches to ibe Depart- bat learning, on my arrivalwith violence. He had but little credence to giventbe enormity of the shams against the invaders, until he came to knowof hla own knowledge thaternmentthat all the protection It could derire aat af;one (1) of them wss seen to be moring off. wbea a shot was fired ahead of her to bring her to, and the indmno^a was sent to overbaal her. Ththailfromfor the national Administration.Although at the last Presidential election the votecould be to assert their Then, as brought rights.a freeman to soffer In the caose ofis certainLively Times Among tbe PoliticiansI^Mglorious tAp- The manufacturers were told that oaleaa possession Government people laughed they supported the Democracy tlieir boainees ADDITIONAL ISTELLieEHCE FROM VERA CRUZ. Veia Cruz, snd on the 6th Geo. Masia appeared before ly one of the closest of the close, and the leading the proposition. They h-d been driven from the would be cut off, and they were expected toment fiom Capt^isvisthey^wlmllyand true, entirely;here this moroISg, that he had not arrived,do deemexcitement in view of theapproachingState electionTerritoryiitmy duty tolotward ibe following report to yon. Oo on the first Monday la April. The State is proverbial-of the the at plaose.]the 5th inst. Gen. Miramoh commenced the siege oftbe city with thia uid another steamer, and not showingbis colurs. Commander TuRifSR, in the Saratoga, witiidetachments from the Savannah and Preble, io sveamersIndianola and H"a»e, was ordered to i>r<*ceed to the contest is tmuiually when thethey had no voice in makine tbe laws, and so craven-hearted as to consent to the9& becandidates selected combine the strongest elements of their respective parties, so that the. Interest of the;heightenedof the battle is viewed in relation to the coming striferantonVgoDsanda volley of raosketry, waen the<Sara 34,HS—a Republleaa m^jority of 7,720—tbe De-with himEelf and a la-ge nnmber of his menoo board. and the present Governor BccxiaaBAa press denounced the attempt to defeat the fraud. the negro on nis plantation? When he struck, It in firing into these steamers is fully approved, though Cspt. Jailtis ordered both prises to this port. Tbe elected by the Republicans, and is now their They were told that they had no right to go behind was wl^ he crawled to the bed of the innocent wifePrrWe will be hers in a few dajB, wito Marin and mostthe propriety of taking them as prizes can only be ot the prisoners on t>oard, the rest being distributed be- candidate for reelection, was chosen by a majority tbe returns. But they replied; "Your returns are and children of his master and killed them in ooklof the off Aaton Ltzardo, steamers,bearingwas nottion for members of the Legislature that the people slaves—just as if it was not the glorious ofright [Applaase.] If any man thought ills labor worth mon, ha had Use the recent seizure of Mexican steamers IntheGnlf, the InduMola was replied to by a fire from the GenMi- of the State stood Fuhobt 42,7IJ and BucaASAR strous frauds ever known, and Gov. Walkbx and right to demand a fair compenntion for Us labor—day on President Bdcbasas for facts in relation towas tilmseirresistedthosefraudsextraordinary thatI feel authorized to say that the course of our officers re^jultiDK in the capture of both of M&ain's steamers, — —who was rettims were rejected, tbe Northern and Southern demand and supply. [Applause.] How wae It with.ana wages would never accommodate themeelyea tosteamer and tbedispatch will reach me here. Please inform me if this reacheti you. Shall this news be made public ?;nouncing them. Soon after the Lecompton Consti-aided Illegally dominant minority. Tbe Convention, was cratic with reference to river and barber taa-Commanding Piise Steamer Gen. Miramon, Hon. I. Tor car. Secretary of the Nayy.can command. The besought to submit tbe Constittition to the people. But for the interference of the Administration, lie be-all the•(ttsttaoaylatheeoatestedelectioneaseofWiu foundcorrect,thesteamersshouldhavebeenreleased [CopyofTelegramfromLieut.ChapmantoSecretaryof RepublicanshavemarshaledToa.Coawm,ofOhio lievedtheConventionMarquis,]VIA NSV-ORLKAIfB,been to succumb to the Soutberaobliged opposttlan:>Woosiuic, of Boston, and a host of native sion,"for the Constitutionwith or Slavery,""for theTbx resolution of the Committee on Elections Intke ease of Hcwian against Coopss, of Michigan, d?-dailBg it inexpedient to allow further time to Mr. bill for damages should no indictment be found. butb '-'tptured. I came m charKe of one of tbe steamers. developed unexpectedly such a talent for political cumstances, tbe people did not want to vote; but they might the more readily break It down. How was tt;Courts to determine, leaving Government to f'/ot the Saratoga has chIadtbeanMierncgmaoKnemGeouTterwintmhentw.o Mexican is a young man—a brother of the Governor—who bas tKhaenysavsotead fSolratvhee CStia-tnes.tiluOlflocnouwristeh,ouutnSdlearvtehreyse clierf-t 'nar-btc^niers Ihejarehave a decided bearing on the question of L'le ratifi- CCW1 at sea By order of Capt. Jakvis. directsd to say;l>ct9ible. Engine of vessel commanded by me broke Wood and Dr. Pmup MzazLZ, of your CityCalib erted all the and to force that in- power patronagetba: it is for any of tbe shin at Vera Crnz CcBHoa, A. O. Puatir, of Albany;byF. P. Stabtoh, of Kanaasthey;Constitution without Slavery"—but always for the" ConstiLUtion. Tbe people were insulted, for even if em He had always believed that the far-see-foreignfmirporvoevmenmtesn.t interests. Northern Demecnta atmapc havebeenInfavorofsuch devotedtheireffortstotheeeimprovemeats,hathadtalentI ambvLircr cf <.1ispa(.ct.e5 to you from Capt. JAKvta. The tlon W. H. Basks, The Hartford Mechanic" He It;Close Workofand lifted applauded.and tbe Democratic They dared to tell thea and it Biaveboldlng State,mightnow bewere a handful that had no weight with tha Kertkr ent, he expected his attention, and to be judged fairly. em people. CApplanae.] But It was chaigad thatof thecalling upon thelrjriends to send money into the Slate people to organise another Slave State In aay tt tbBof the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, he repc^- sented tbe Memphis district of Teimessee, the largest slaveholdlngdistrictinTennessee. Hevotedforthe Kansas-Nebraska bill and the repeal of the Missouritbey should fairly a slavapopulate TaoltorT,for admlssloo as a slave State, it would haKansas or Nebraska. After the expiration of thatterm he retired, been a member of the havingthe of that Democrat days Jacuob, onflinehlagTerritorytheir own way. It was well known to all parties business will be destroyed," was the threat In- that the people of the Territory were Free-State men sultingly ottered. The dlsimionists were tooad uid in tbe majority, yet the territorial government was toletaud only among tbe Democracy. [Applaase .1 in the hands of an inconsiderable minority of thepeople. It was known that the offices of the territo-pollsthey could not believe that they were to be allowed commands from tbeir would-be masters. [Ap- a fair chance. They knew that all the officers but Caub CrrsEZBS and others had held oat ch« the Secretary and Governor were the representatives fdeauaateh.a]t the mechanics of the North, striktng forexpected,the minority resorted to the moet mon- .of Harana. that this small false, and we spurn them.'" [Applause.] Theyfound blood. That was the strike of the slavecan bepossible stone to focilltate that object Indeed, both tution was adopted, bv those who represented themajorityovercome,theyareturning everywould8. L. Woonroan, of New- submission. The result, however, was a sham submis-Yorkability. In this connection 1 should not omit to sien- President had been gtiided by the dictation of Sooth-Lecompton, tbe road would be built already." Tba Cot Isaac H. strument on a protesting people. The great mass of completion of that work would bind the States to-the Democracy, Nor:h and South, sustained the Pre-R. T. CBAPmAN, Lieut.U. 8. Nary. and a nnmber of others less noted. Ex-Gov. Srr- sident in this outrage on the civil liberty of Kansas. he had personally favored these improvements, al-FROM MEXICO BY MAIL.— THESIEGEorTZBACRUZ PRXPAXATIOnSTORDX-though he did not see as he now did the true aims of the Northern wing of the Democracy. The Northern—FXMDINO THR CITT TBB ISDIAHOLA CHAS-Democracyhas yst to know defeat and his friends predict that owTi way. But when the Democratic Party was behests of. the South, simply Qiat they mightVera Cace,March 1660. 3,boundaries. He had watched theof preemption laws in Kansas, and satisfied liimself As far as regards the manufacturing interests of the 1>le8 upon which the Republic was based. Had the that the Homestead bill was empbatically in tbe inter-thosewuohaJcouspiredwithtdm^ TnisstratagemIS48 1852 185627,04€ Soott.34,9955.005 H»le. 3,160ions controlled the Democratic Party absolutely.MS of Hartford, and others, and adjourned soon afterwith loud cheers for their speakers, their candidates,and their principles. The town was kept alive forhoursBwith the bonfires, processions,!mU8ic, cheers,Saturday, approaching crisis,BampsMre.and advocated those calculated to subvert the princi-existingoperationhaving laiied. Miramos's next reliaoce is upnnMAain'B expediiioii Iroin Ha,vana, which Is said to been iis way tdtiiemilh arms and munitions to blockadethe Kansas and called outrage,tb« The EurrtxtJer uf Alvara<Io is toFilllBorv. 2,613 In this Congressional District, comprising Hartford LooHia was elected tofor the be!-t Interests of thecountry.of both What effectCsp'tal.400 soldiers, and all the guns, amoiuDition and provi- sions, (*ompletely dismantling tne fortifications. Tne inhaDltants have all left the place Twogun-boatsaround Concert Hall wasand ca'nhesbim.2,000 Tiie loUuwing may be reiied on as aaad as obtalamore went away una-six mortars,sixMr. Prcb, of ladisna, (Dem.,) the stand of small arms. Tbe steamers are worth s'Liem-JEi o5 the Libera: forces tn the departments cate—i. t., one for the German, and another forbUl, two steamers,24'pounders,visitors to return.Their meeting was held In dupli.representative of free society, which Southern people pronounced a failure. [Applause.] He had not the prejudices offlowing, ble tomany seats. Tbecorrectau 1 rameu the Suites ci Coiima and G'tadalujara, thebroke down the thirdiato Sisal. The materials of war were stored der Generals Jcskta, Pllltta and Alvarrz. 5,000They.i\orther;i or South, in- Acapuico, under .Vj.VAaEr, 3,000; in 8onora Masik's steamers returned the Saratoga'! fire, and aod Culiaca, 4,000; Oaiaca. 1,000, ana here in VeraluIt was proposed byHeganized by the appointmentand let eachhave a t*^'f alternately. There was no hall in tbe tlien tried to escape. The Jndiaiwfa pursued tbe Cfuz. 5,CC0, the flower of the aimy, under command place, however, that could contain the crowd expect-hall,ul- the Llbe-alssince then they nave "occupied" /acittecasaad SanWexicc. He i> cowju6t captured three hundred raule-lijads of flour.tin.;-.the tax is aboat equal to hfty-etgbt cents on a hundredwayThis »_:a certain point of progress Slavery is natural. WhenKB hour cheers for Hon.aand be-Affairs here are fastThe United States ship Congreu, at the latest ac- meat tias had no opport>inity to send orde.-s testing tbe relative strength of parties now struggling they appear to be about equally divided. It will be lorm of 1854? Or did it sustain the policy the slaveholder, for ]ie wanted more land for colti-:and though political opponents,some Mr.extent PxasiB,South in retaining Slavery under perfectly justifiedprettywas or- of A. A. Hsatb,arn)>.was done priacipal- w:)i haPten ever.ts. MirauO!« is reported to have on terms of great familiarity with Sam" and theFc:«ign atlacJt the plac* in titrec -Jzys.repteFCLtativesbexlzi at clcc. I must cl-s« t« save the steamer,the boys."We wUh he wouia;doing retain tbe leaves and fishes. They trembled at the Drospect of a change in tbe AdmlBtslralton. much for Buckingham." But the Buckingham party people of Kansas, to defeat the wishes of the Look at the Homestead bill. Why was tbe Sooth—and be said to constitute the State—of that andof Mr. Bdchabab with regard to Lecompton, abso- vation. Southern men, therefore, saw that thouglinaval cemmanders must act on their own judgment snxlsty, the city being In a complete state of defence, sUtntlon and the Union, together with their very came a State. The Clnciimati Platform would never would settle the present excitement that ;in thehonoroftheAmerioaa The smbiiiousyouthwholeadstheforcesoftheChurchnot demonstrate to me, afurthest,of their proceed- Southern version of tliat instrument The senti- term longer without defeatbely those of individuals, so that the relative position they were captured as pirates, when tbe action should become general, and thus of parties in the State remains nearly the same.of WASBtBOTOB, Or of Patziok Hsbst, Or of Masob.33,249 FnmoDt.30,359 Bwhannn-'They had compelledfor a slave code for the Territories, anddeclared that slave labor was the only possible form of social or-Westerned, and the project was necessarily abandoned. Up-hold a meetingfashion,partyBut he believed that the Southameliorate the condition of the slaves, and aban- after cheer. meetingiri ihe S'.j.ie of Puebla, and nas stories—good If no; new. .Much surprife, by way,greatestcould befall the North aad Souths All the white racesintrodooad by the Ptesideni, who spoke for about three-qnajters ofis expressed here to see Mr. Pxejun figuring as aDemocratic orator, as, but a short time since, be was "•'and ie,C0O msji under arn^f, of waom 4,0(mj are with him dark lantern. However. All's well that ends well" making this remark upon one occasion, heOi Itsto feed ihe hurgrj' maw; of HiaAHos'sof Europe and Asia have been slaves. The conditionThe meeting then adjourned with Uireatown,OF THE ENGLISH-fHE enterprising printer in town uses It to drive athe blacks savage tAppl^iUse.] In this contest, thoughIt was impossible to avoid thciasnnot be annlhUated. are luflcxible, andTheIIsTliRVENTIONATTEMPTED ARMISTICE.The Ver» Cnz Trait i' i'nion, of th. 3d, glres aa a-tconl of a quati »l'.ei»pt. on lie part of Capt.Africans towtoncede Southern rights, "e felt that the Repubneedle, and she is usableofPliday wonld The pxixe tteamer, if«reuU, U acchorMl cppcri*^ Juauib i.aC t<( Cabinet. The laiux lafcacd foat- locks, Iilnges, cards, Micat cutters, carpet-taalen- truth should prevail. This eonflietThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069UntitleMla including bank- tlJngs, carried on.Any not be an be dulyd Do.greatns^'°"°'"longer05votes,and in thisvrith not people,which bas been chartered the Liberal made exertions to have a large crowd io in its power. It was his honest belief that the speaker was escorted by tbe Seymour Club aad a Indtanola, by racy special the Democratic Party at tliis day was fairly to tieGuvcroment for three mocihs. She will cruise for attendance this evening, having chartered a train of called the representative of the Interests of the full band of music to the halt The hall, which wasslaveholdlng people of the Confeoeracy. [Applause.] capable of seating 2,000 persons, was filled to over-The had become the Republican Partythe town by 15 votes over Buohabab, aad o»« vote over BcCBABAB and Fuxaoaa.or the balance of power. Slavery nowacts with a unity and concentrated purpose. It onlythrongedfrom this but from theand holdshead of 100 feet, aad anparty repentedtheerror, regained plat- est of free labor. The 160-acre clause did not helpcould alter that stateofthings until the territory be-Partynever until recently heard Slavery defended as a goodbought, manufacturera. Their divisions appeared to simp- institution. Such was not the view of JirrsisoN, or TiUT, of Plalnfielj, had made a brief address, thathey atta-.kedand they will be treated as pirates, if the law of na- allow the beseiging forces to enter. Vivaldo, the The following were the last three Presidential votes tifiable, but that it is the best form of social organiza- The two Democratic meetings, which were botbour ships as piratesHe believed that those until this opinisonnsotprevailed and;later doctrine, that Slavery only right jus-tion. They did not hesitate now to pronounce free well attended and most enthusiastic, were addressed;so far from means to subdue theder the President, he introduced Dr. Bsadlst, oftioti they ought to be gradually improved for a state minutes. Mayor Wood was then inUoduced. thirtydon the idee that must beby for aboutacceptedo^foweretobSelafvrereythat Ideaswooldeonfilotnntiltbe ovpositesumswhichntWhen thehS^If^Ui i^tuAle clothingofthat theBut he did not expect such a eeatla-PRICETWOCENTS,pies of freedom. [Applaase.] TheSapobUeaaawMatheythey could not think but with terror. Tbe oaly pie- tecties of the South was in this Union.to them. Since the days of Jacksob Democratic everypower.ing Southertnhepoliticianosf htabde sGeoevnerntmhennte,cessittyluonfr weakenlBg power thatwasfairlyaadhad a craven submisdon to tha givencountenanced freedom and, therefore, they op-and general enthusiasm,day in April wiU decide. O., Jr.parties. the first Mon- the meetings will have on the election,MAY"ORWOOD AT DANBURT. Dabsdst, Wednesday, March SI.boreduntU her eyes have become affected,seeming belples«.es. 'SSIeT2r,S'e'"St^y- u'nlblt'^vIoSrsetoisTr .ththffi-^ipower, yoor www.fultonhistory.com 