 nr>DMale,* • flf oo4- Uk»tharMr.tlto-tu* Wttt.lbaJuror—Ibanatbanaaaacracks lathewailsofthe building, b a t nottuBg that 1 considered serious; barenever atraagtheaed U K wallaof t h e building w o n iron-work, MM hare beard that itfwaa ao strengthened;thsahafltog to the buikttng had at times settledthree eighths of aa tech, which hi frequent mall buildings using ao haash — whlnniJ|T I saw were laid cpon the sanity bottom: the foundation a crack ta the buiku^g at the aoatbaeat cornerof toe ail; ! thought toe building wasweak and thatthe wails were we it. but apprehended no tranMe: theliuwe pat M tae machinery, trasseswareatoaoaputin,aad.weconsideredthe buttd- mgbetter thai hsfors, the trusses were put manac- eonotof iheasttbaief the beams: the pilars remainedhrma tkeve have been no new cracks near the chimney for the mat twoyears: don't knew of aay other cracks inthebuilding:thtokthatthetimbers werepatintotne husking ia the usual manner; the ^uridine was 384 feet hagand34.feetaide, attached to tiu there *«*aa Ldidnotfait,andalso* hod;therewaslessmotws 1 eeanaered it safe, asttbadVtoaodsixyears;toomaauaworkoftop iene by a Arm in Loweil, of which Mr. Jobs•eight inches, including a space ei tour inches on the first dropping to sixteen inches tX the top; doubtabout finding outfromthe o f t h e f o u n d a t i o n n o w i f i t s h o u l d b e c l e a r e d : the uanal width of mills ia forty-eight feet,- there werebona oa the cats of the floor timbers turned up, h a they did aut connect with t h e outer wall; it would have added strength to toe building bad they been screwed through totooeraswall;thesteam chimneyformed onecorner ofthebafltoag.aadifthatchimneyswayedoffaoato make a crack from bottom to top, it wouldpart ofthebuilding verymuch;to my opiniona chimney ought never to be aonnected with a building; the quality of the briak osed ta the budding unaWarns GABBOB.—The performanea a this theatre tonightwillbeforthebenefitofMrs.J.H.Allen,thepo- pular lending actress of toe establishment. The ^Octo- roon/ ta which Mrs. Allen plays Zee very wail, will b eCalendar—.TMis D a y .COOBT, Ctacrrr.—Part 1—Short calendar.i«rIeBtertitneaiaJ.sad was then repair* twwfi* was a d aato; Mr.to too aaafnng, thoagbt the i I error noticed uyibug shorn tooltwe;rctostto gm wuf; Mr. OuMa, 1 has Mat aau tiato the Mas sastojhMl *Mb';^^i|gI a m i ^aiiu, w aaw ^awaaifi*^atarmMetIahwmaana ito aMjaaj oeawnland re agati5datumwaUstortaemonths;wecouldMarftrun-ning through the stones: w e s a g o u t a small place, aboutas bar as toe bottom at toe wall Inside, to dip waterfvwaafe fiw\ tfiawssaif • ^ar^fiSMflafaai 4aTa^BtoaV4a^aaHaaaw4 jjfthabT wspyajlmanaa WVaMBtaMaVa thebottomafafoundationwail inthatwaywould is dangerous, toanaoeh m m might ondermtoe the wall; witness explained that when the upper fleer timbers werepattoupontheprojectionsthrownoatofthetoe to wall a s s made solid about aa below; the timbers were soand hat a bttto way IntoMM84, 86,88,88,89,81,82,84,88,19,81,49,62,64,78.Ota No.19,jABvaar 12. BM8 17, 68, SS, 3. T8, 50, 44. 43, h"siT», » , T5, 50, 57, 27, 22, 68,ffc satj"aafeapeaar-ssJohn'utir*«*.a t C e i t , f,ep-6t.Paarsieraam mr wwaer wear aw,'?***im' to1 IMiastt bythe itohnjiIMS taUtery. •— • «_] „ • E Moows-ln Pougbkeepsto, m WHiitottf, * t a IX, Ivirtuallythe <tei-n if physically, M destiaed as to nowaul waa about six feet thick a the bottom, aad four aad a half a toe top. Witness put to stone foundations tarpieis under the building, to support the commas and tnawaa that thenhors rested apes; these atones were laid as deep as the foundation wall, and toDouglas claimants from Lawrence county, and after ex *ADUU At Newark. N J , on Friday, Jan. 8, of'aen wasp |» icofta»leeert. fan)gavenameof•bj&*•amendthenm)"gawenanafasoljarft*rehef Yark Aoauecay ..; ttthe] building by toe stairway, where toe waB cracked, wasnot ao motion waa the last resortof the minority to confuse theto settle off from the crack; dont thicka therat;thinkitwaaboutoneteathtok,aad majority.«tov. ttouaao safanded his course u President of theJtow'Tcw* Oacamoa Geuncil, rjsvJBv r a MB tofoundationer the fMmberton Mill; did the work bythe anted at Charleston he would sustain him,and ashed bolted to the hss Dougtas friends to do bkewtae if another b e theThe remains w u l b e taken to Calvary Cemetery. Cincinnati papers please copy. COXSOB—OnThnxsoay,Jan 12,Hxsat. Cbaaoa,anatve of Tiaiee,county Kerry. Ireland, aged88years.The friends and acquaintances of the family a n re- spectfully invited to attend t h e funeral, this (Friday) af-.(rep,)no noise before the tailing; think the budding fellaiUrn bottom, aad dUaotcommence at the top; w a i n contract waa made with Charles H. Bigelow, engineer of bis Meats let us do n General Jackson did a New Or-of freed u lbsas* ofhey ) p w antes of a Mil to*v*>nth arnnaad otheraall taenwadne• pan of Sew Tartu sin aae to staving* Beak of hew York. :of a raajnitbii of ns hadonUseAlJBAST,Ja» 12,1800. abi'J.takingfromtaw aa-i control lugtaesrthep>werHUMmtikeyard, andeattraetad to dig until a good bottomwas nominee,»(rep.) presentedapetitionfrom the apprnpnahoa o f o a t million dxd-crash;aerowaslessweightattheend ofthebatld- which fell than at the other; the building was a r e high;fsarayframesinthefourthstorywere movedonthatdayfrom thatpartofthebuUdingwhich fell to aaother pace; the frames, I should think, weighed a ton and a half eac±; when 1got into the ctoth room the peopletherebadnotgotout;thtoksotmorethanthree or fear persona got, o a t whan 1 dm; th«re. were prooaMyshouldthtokthefoundationwasabove five feetdeepon the east aide, while w e were building the mill w e got ourwatertodrinkfromthefootofthefoundationwall itwaagoodwater;Itaoughta thetimethewatercame from the canal, buthave had some doubts about it since. to about two months there was a drouth. aad this water driedup;itwasconstantlyrunning throughthe atones of the foundation towards the lower ead of the mfil: the pilasters to the fourth story were projectod out eightGovernorWI:IASJ>withdrew thenameofCyrusL.Dun- ham, whebadbeennominatedfin-Governor.Mr. DawiiAX, in response to a call, came forward and addressedtheConventier,hisremarksbetngreceived withmuchapplause. Inconclusion,heputmnomination ThomasA.HendrickstorGovernor,tobevotedfor a the proper tune.A resotatH'u was offered, and adopted by 266to 129, that whilewepledge onr siip!*»rt to thenomto<wofthe CatrlesteoConvention,whommeverhems.y be.thedele- gates to thai body from this State are instructed to cast their votes as a unit for Mr. Dougtas. and to one all hono- rable mntiH to acure tin; aoounationThe Convention elected toe following delegates to the CharlestonConvention:—EM.Huntington.S.B.Buakirk, J. R Fogey, Robert Lowry.Thomn A. Hendricks wasnominated for Governor byacciaaaation,amidmuch enthunasm.1pORMS. BCNIOOT^rMTMRTEDITAnM,KTLA1tcroDveaieaea u>taepattest, by Dr AACHARlk,< Ckiropoattt.7«Bruadwa;. Rwfenaatbepbywwan< geooa cf tae aityt» the Railroad Commute*. [ to amend a y referring them uu. AfterawarmaaulMr.CoBknag'a UHJCMMJprenrfabiUtoiiof!sawder. ofa Mb to aJ a n .1 2 , athalf-pasto n et*f te» ibausg p r eH a been therougtft* rani latort aad •eeasa.ayi Aster Bsuat, St. T .U.1980GBASAII —On W ednesday, Jan. 11, MABUASBT. r e n t of Ibrt S-Nos 900,296.W2.806.386.810,812.814,316, thelateJohnA.Graham.L L.D.aged86years.tod*batatoag•wytta•f thely tefl •7•the neate of inf from atwenty-fiveto be easing froac toe boiler room; I immediately waat•»» •!»jnjw^ i , «o do it by toe ^ ton foundations extended below fits top soil three a l e e feet; don't roooUtct preciseiy toe depth o f the exnavation, t h e soil a t t h e bettaar* n similar to that at toe top. a aafkwh m am , mad, ate : had nothing todowith the excavation, he thought itwaaa dinerunt he was assd to constrnctmg,and that it was asufneiest; the foundation of the Bay Statewaa hud deep, something like twenty fast; toe foun or the Pacific mills is laid five feet deep, and that of the Atlantic mills also Ave feet: there was water in the excavattoa all the time they were laying tae foundation oftoeFoBbertoa mills thestoneusedwasgood;he thought toe foundation was not deep enough a the tone; it w a s too shallow, especially a the sooth end, where toeo rthirtyhorsepowerin which I worked, and myman,toassarttatgstttagoatpersons.the walls were very large: I have never toe Bnaatattatt of the buiiuing, I heard atoner»methatapillarhadsettledtosuchan extent at to deeper;thebrickworkofthemill wascommencedDOCOLAS AM> AHTT-call M the Essex SMtl counting room, and we may thantadeatthenumber andnamesof theemployes;IwaspresentwhentheArebw'«eout.standingontherailroadtrack: the.budding «.-. lit with gas at the time of the accident, with the exception of the carding room, Mr. Ptndar,fourinches,ordersthencamefromMr.Bigelowtodis-pense with the pilastera altogether: when the ambers fortheupperstoriescametheyweretooshort,andwewerefronttheuce to t a erequire repairs; aiways regarded the banding as weak;tae crack that I taw in the southwest corner of the bmld-iag wasnotvery targe; therewasacrack attnecornerof toe building, running allthe way opand down, near foundation* A—Undoubtedly If the foundation settled thechimney;shouldthinkthatthecrackatthetopofthe enoughtocausethefail, itwillbeseenwhentherubbishr'-y •-—g hadbeenmadeaytheclaimantsoneach aide, the Convention adopted the report.The Randolph county contest wa compromised by allowing tae delegations tocast two Doagtosand two ad- tliilimli alMwi votesMr. JAWS*GAVINmoved toraise a committee, to be as- pointedbythechair, toreportthenamesofElectorsand delegates to the National Cbnvenuon for the State m% large.aumwnapnanSABAHLoeau,wdeofFrancisW.Adtan,ta the 34th year of her age.Butcnxn—Inthatcoy.oaWednesday,Jam.11,of sumption, ISAUHC. Bmcnsn. junior member of tbe of Btrcbett Brothere, aged 27 years, 7 months s a d 8The ratativn and friends of tbe family, and the , bersoftheEighteenthstreetMethodist Episcopalcbalso tbe members or the Pilgrim Baptist church. Tl fourth street, are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, from the Eighteenth street Methodtat Episcopal church, o nASPECIAL CAJtD. ^?BMAHAT AM09G HATS-1of asuperb, etogabe gratified b r oalitag an KSf AK8CHaiD,d; a antto t f i Iwithoneofthe •asatoiy upon the were brought ani wail bad been carrttd ao Msb that it r tt dowa ta than plans when tl .andMuidmtoeprojeetmns.- conclusion of thetaatnaonyof than till nine o'clock ton;wUIlastseveraldays.Jawaldr uirmspwtaai,whs ratarasd Ii,aysthatadyaaedeadbodya i to-day. Itwathe dead bodyofarrfiacewa charred, a * hartttna tto> «av hehhafl moatI tow«-^a^a»,W j ttaavaaaaaaBS napsFgfiattttttflam. i*^B|/ w^-^M^BjJ^^flJsVnn*^'-ground waaquickaaad and speagy soil; this was part of the* building towards the river; the ground a the south ead ww lower, and the foundation waa "stepped" up along the higher ground; finished to 1864; toe stonestime in AprilQuesicHu—Is there any way b y which you can a l l whe-therthebuildingfellinconsequenceofthesettlingoftheJ o s s L . Roaa^os moved an amendment that such a l e cbonding waa half aftinch wide, and a quartor of an mob is cleared; I thought the brick walla were too light and tion be made by a vote by counties, claiming that for one Saturday morning, a ten o'clock. The remains will be3MBW XJJHOS, 1X9StfiftganVC tnTVBtJ. R-BTAFFOMirS OLITB TAM, AITDZXON AWD •TLPHITBat the bottom: the cracx was between the building and the chimney, wbicb wore coaatructod independent oi one aaother; on that day four or five heavy fly frames hadthin a the time forso large- a buiiuing; the windows wars an large that there was insufficient supportMr. Tattle and myself talked about it severalbncfc puaaters to support th e floor Umbers were carriedbe would not give the power to the Chair to select a com- mittee to report Douglas delegates, and would ask that the matter besettled n he bad indicated.& H Banian a i d that the popular expreamaoof In- diana wag targer? tor Douglas, aad that four of bis friends ought to he selected to go to Charleston: and the sorest way todathat was to pursue toe old usage, by raising a commtttoetoselect.H. W.BasKixuro*contended that as theDougtasmen hadthepower,theyoughttoexercms itin thewayindi- cated by the first motion The tables were turnednow fromwhattheyweretwoyearsago,aadMr.Botnuaon'staken to Cypren UUto Cemetery.Albany (N . Y .) papers pleaaecopy.BCBT—On Ihuradav. Jan. 12, CaASxas Josa Brat, in-fant son of David and Margaret Burt, aged 8 months and 21 days. !Tbe friends and ratativn are respectfully invaed to attend thefuneral, from theresidence ofhis parents. No. 3fc6Firstavenue,this(Friday)afternoon,a twoo'clock. Ihe remains will beinterredinGreenwood Cemetery.CABS—On Thursday, Jan..12,of aamaapttae,ah her resieean, oorner of MtoMatttth street sad avenue A , MABOABBT. wifeofJohnCarr,aged48yearsThe friends and rstatins a n respectfiilry invited to attend thefuneral, from the church of the tormicblaw Coiicepuon, corner o f Fourteenth street a s m avenue A , on Saturdav morning, a tea o clock, when a High M a na w e d , aad ahoaht thtok they would weigh 2,000th;s* ikemen that moved theframes were aft only two atoriee, and to the higherofsaywaterpipesaboutthebuiid- rtosprojectionswere simplythrownout«ftheI have been there to cause any aenou^ Mr- Bkgetow gave direcaoas to regard to thelayiag of windows the foundation; toe walla were double, each eight inches only thick,withavanMbetween:thewalla thesouthead,BLXMDlirGorL CATABhaa,ordered to put projectors upon th- walls to restthe timbers upon; / atprased my opinion at During the speech of Mr Dncuaui this moraiog.be w atnDiGBB —On Wednesday, Jan. 11. AXBIBA wife pf P. DOCCMMtTS FOtt BTAbTBH OOU»TMIMS, A. admger, m'the Hath year of her age. AND TMAH8LA.T1UNS,Albany papers phase copy. MadebvEvansos —On Thursday morning. Jan.12,masaf.,in- fant daeghter of George and Isabella Bversoa.Ae stow, ami wumy ttmct afterward*, and ham imperiow manner.the atrest, and asked him for an explanation. Mr. DunhamMm lfep%rintendent of the Washington Mill, told me thathe « s aware how thetire originated; Idonot know what auwr changed it, that the walk were too weak After toe adjournment, Mr. May met Mr. Dunham in8 CAMACHO, 8fK BMOADW A Tto amendps in New caueel the tire; the mtii was comiaenced in 18U and for awesa basuaap; Itakt Mr. Biodmc so when we « w said be had none to make, whereupon Mr. May struckThe relatives and friends of the family are respectfully GAS fX>waTJWJOt8.—MOTlCg.t again wait untd your Mwtari a n froaan, h a kfl&tonod m 54. the asanx Cbtopany built the mill, do net know now it was eoawtructod there were cracas mine soikuDg ' n cacb ahte of the cbinmey, caaeed by toe sway agofthechimney. Thechimneybadbrokenawayfrom the Maasag, and Iron had been placed around it to strengthen it.bat act because mere was aayfear of theof any eater have miB wrntk wait* to weaka* the Bember ton. andInever want ta hear afaae,-thebuildingwas muchcutupwith windows,which weakenedit.wehad orders every day from Caotoia Bigelow and Beaj. Coa-him in the face, which blow Mr. Dunham returned, cut- separated without more serious consequences.NiBioa SAUXW.—George Christy't Minstrels will give an i uelMiil performance here this evening, for the bene- fitof one of ttte most popular members of tbe company,invited to attend toe funeral, from thereeideace ofher parents, No. 88 West Thirteenth street, this (Friday) af- ternoon, a two o'clockGBAEAB On Wednesday, Jan. 11, M«anaaar, relict of thelateJoanA.Graham,LL.D.,aged84years. Therelativaamifriendsotthefamily,sadofson, John Larimer Graham, are tovited to attend neral a:St. Mark's church, (Second avenue. Tenth street,) tins (Friday) afternoon, a half- o'clock preowjy.Guts—OB Thursday morning,Jan. 12.Jos* C finn, aged 29 years, aon of tbe late Ricbard Gun. Esq., of (bote tail. essayCavan,Ireland.BJB r e l a t i v e s a n d f r i e n d s , a a d t h e s e o t b i s b r o t h e r , WH liamM Giles, are tavhed to attend ttie funeral, from tae residence of his brother. No. 67 West Thirteenth street, between Filth aad Stxth aveames, that (Friday) afteraooc, at two o'clock. B i s remains will h e taken to Trinity Ce- metery.dbueiv crdw toam ttiiod waatoepatent "NoA-yKMflatLHG A b D *U»-aTAPORATIMaOA8 MKTBS FlXU>A meter once l e d tiaaet be frnaii. aadtti toaerymeter,astmwaaarenmtoetaaabole rroprtotors ottn •p R X A T CTJRIOOTT.-PARTTCTJLAMgGATaTTT^MRDrCATMDPAJTKB, ateaatoBtonstosnaskd*Btta|l^irgastooofjuTamat mw SaaaaattaasaattearsawQCUC1 fifttT JMLldFTMD CAJTOAa«> eawausateaafter a a Rlathe am even. Toneed a the mnnuwa ofltei aad a ail rnpeattbie aragsaasstaamp it; J told Mr. Putnam, one of the owners, a toButton; I toid many others the a a e thing. I do not know ting May's face to the bone. They were, however, soonall through toe building t h e fl wring adge, the eagineer; w e have generally built mils twenty-Mr. 0. W.H. Griffin.toeoas»jsw/towlo.woodwork was dawCompany have pos- very poor indeed; wituas essnaaaaa a van! times 8t3, 814, 818, 2A«3, 828, 121, 887, 888, 842, 843, 846, afternoon.haihtugortbeaul; don't nearthecrackatthecor- onaendoftheaiilarehareheardof amnere- foundation, bat wassot when w e put in toe asn- tte sstthsg of ton fleasto Captain Bkjelow of the pear quality of the 848, 848V 687.SCTwam Coarr, fMacuxTtont—Ins. 77, Tfi, 8 0 , 82,88,HCTTON —In Jersey City, on Wednesday. Jan 11. I i a n a. Htmoa, to toe 78th year of his age.Ther(dermaandfriendsare rnpeetfutlytovaed,toat- tendbisfunerala theTrtoayMetfaodtttChurch,Fork street, Jersey Ctty, thai (Friday) afternoin at a quarter pstt two o'clock.KJBBV—On Wednesday morning, Jan. 11, WJMUAtt Knurr, in tbe 68th yaw cf his age.Thefru-adsof thnfamily a n inpsatfulry mvttedjtoat tend the funeral from bat tato residence, 24 King ttreet. this (Friday) afternoon a t o n e o'clock without further mvttatton.Lomav—On Thursday,Jan,12,BUZABBXH,wtfbaf Captain William Linday, Marrumata, Wasttbester oeunty, aged 2 9 years.Her fuaeral win take ptace on Saturday neratog, a t a o'etoek. from Bavtem railroad depot, corner of Twentv sixth street and Fourth avenue, for Oreeawood CemeteryMrany —In this dry, aa Wednesday evening. Jab. 11, CbABUtt, aon of Patrick sad Mary Marphy, aged 22 Mass.Bis funeral will take place tost (Friday) s T two e'etoek, from the nttoence of ha mother, vorneur street. BM remains will be taken to', Jan. 11, after aCATaAatas, daughter of Andrew and Aaaa MaraayJ agatu a eaXeliin.ttoorssettted|?afnasBwhanM by'•- -*'"^-ItobetooUntitled DocumentU T H , T ubitiui ssi aflawnDOCGUAS MEN FOB THB DKUWAriOX TO TUB fiBAMJMTOHCOSVkJmON,BTTCbmuMtroua, Jan. 1$, 1860 The Desaocratic atate Convention reassembled at nineo'clock this morning.The Jackson county contestants, casting six votes onthe Doughusside, asked kare to withlraw from the con- test, whichwa granted.The Hancock county contestants, easting four votes on the side, also asked and obtained leave towithdraw from the eoatost.The Committee on Credential reeortod favorably to thebuilding was as strong as such hi bvfltanbd Couveuttnof1188, aadadvocate*theamendment. lethave hoard thai toe ttaibcis were not Wilbam Sullivan, sworn—Did the excavation fortoe aiairvcabenow taken here. IfMr Douglasbenom; ofRequiemwillbeofferedupforthe repose of heraouL, thotoof of the building it fell in caane aa fast as aaaa wouldrueMr. Cbettdge tofct me when w e got deep eeough: theMr. Lewis WALLACEreplied, saying Mr WHlard bad art mined that the usage had been ft r a committee, and not m thewag proposed by Mr. Robinson. He denied thatpit una dug to hardpaa; from theiwheel pu.asbothtr appeared to he perfectly sound, aad was situated a s "stopped" upon toe higher ground, w e cane to a a d to the Convention of IBM, Governor Wlllard. as President,ternoon, a naif past one o'clock, from No. 123 Watt OVO,LAW,SWQ>1in a bnitiar bafirrrm themill sad theof totwaU,in«oapaaywithtoetreasurer,Mrtatamgtohtmintbethirdstory,ctoimgMaand gravel aad some streaks « clay, water leaked tato thetrench from toe canal when w e were digginghad ctnwarticU'd a cmnmittiee on reaolutiooa composed of a majoritv of anU-Lecompton men. The Tvrane was t r u e - notoneofthat stampwaonthecommittee. IT,a Gov. Willard admits, there » a amjoritv here of Douglas men, anasduwaitheresult betoand h»enemies toChanes- toc. w h a will the people a home a y to such a violation or their will?Govern*WnxiitT)repflsd,explainingthehistoryofthe Ccnvenuenoverwhichbeerestoaa.but subtoat to onuftrmatsori or rejection by the vote of the Contentia, Iftheprincipleofoutusage wnright. Ha wanted toe Dougla mento show pluck here. If we areEighteenth attest.(OKSA.—AtFordbam.on Wednesday rnoreing, Jan. 1 1 ,EDBTSDF., a n o i JeamaadDorcaCcras, aged 24 years and 6 months.The relatives aad friends o f the family a r e reapeetf ally tovaed to attsad the faaeral en .Saturday noon, a twelve o'clock, from his late rottnimer, Fordhaa, WestCOXASS—At Yorkvitfc, on Thursday, Jan. 12, Mrs. (raaw CozAn. aged 63 yearsThe friends of the family, particularly those o f her Ihiiip. Michael and Lake, a n invited to attend tberaJ on Saturday morning, a hair past a a o-'stock, theChurchoftbe Nsttvtry, Secondavnue. Themem hersoftbe Sunday school attached to the church arere- quested by the pastor tosttsad.DAVIS.—In Brooklyn, o n WeaMemtay morntag, Jan 1 1 , after a lingering uteea, Wnxtaw Pamir, eldea aon of Benj W andLowttaA.Davisrtathe2Cthyearofhisage.The relatives aad friends or tbe family are resseotfatty invitedtoattendthefuneral,this(Friday)afternoon,a hailpasttwo o'clock,from thereataenceofhis parents. No.14Willowstreet,withoutfurthernotice.LWOGB.—On Wednesday, Jan. 11, JBBBBUAB Bonds, ta the "9tt year of his age.Batfriendsaad thoseofhissou,CharlesJ.,Jeremiah, Enward M . James R . and John R , are respectfullyi invi- ted to attend the funeral, from hie late resieeuce, SO.244 Rivmgton street, this (Friday) afternoon, a two o dtock, without farther invitation.tow s o * DSAJWR. : BUAC T. Fow4mDm Ckd.gnatoa,Oats,a r m Cei. CaAa. MAT, C 8 A . Mev. toweaatognaaa toer eadof the M;planted a Mr*Howef .firm that putupthebrickwork fortheFembertoc millRannaetaa a ansae of Mr. LAW we have given aofltte for all the hands to inches, and m the second story they were dropped toeighthundredpersons tat h ebuildingthat f a b ;toeJohn a Tttttie aurora—Besides ta Lowell, and is a brick£x-Governor firmxfi said all appeals made for fair- ness are perhaps mad* in good faith, but w e n outande""".O.T.A.aVnouwo. Bwaanata, V T. "• nwsOttn t a r 84 a n a s sane a r n n s a h y PawagrsSl a aastaaj aad a o ataajs tor w we wfil aaad oae boate of Ofi*e Tar aad aaet free br matt. I Ito 1 flto OUTB B a l OOL. ,New lortBIRDSAU.'S AajrroA Lnrarswr ttttweakaowntoa antaatttosnBABTLMR8 BRLF-THRMADDtG gf ehtaa,8BBroadway. enaanaMnMCOMMI8BIO«MROF dulyCI0LFMA5S BTTTAW H0C8F, BALTTMOMXthe touadattonttoas for othermllia onthe river; thtoktheflaatobatoa w a more send thaw tbatof theAttantic, to themiddleoftheAthmoc millthefoundationwas am a flftoeafeettosomeplace?.deep enoughh a aworkedo nsome machinery at tto> time, when Ithe biiilrtng,shea*fortyfootfrom tot; mason of thirty four yean'experience was one of toe baua. The report of thecommittee would not be final,witnoa's brother. Gilmer Tattle, w a s h is partner; th econsidered t h ethe corporation, had nothing to d o with t h e foundation; leans, w t e s h e said, "By tae Eternal. we will fight them."Mr. Hn<tr.i-ks expressed his:uaut= ina brief speecn. toterruptod by Col. Allan May, who questioned bun m an318.SSftV898,380,882,886,888,840,SM,844,84*. Bcraastt Cocar —Part 1—N«.jS7S, (833,3841, 366, 397, 409, 411,417,423,420,431,438,485 43S>.444,451,455. 487, 4SC481. Fart 2—Nos, 1.44S, 888,284,til, 418,482, (481, 428), 428, 480,484.Coanow PLBAS—Part 1—NOB 88, 40, 88, 282, 277, 287,Therelative-andIrtendaoftbefamily,andofheronly son, John Lorimer Graham, are invitee to attend tae faae- ral,a St Mark'schurch,Secondavenue,cornerofTenth street,this(Friusy)afternoon.a halfswatthreeo'clock.IUH-V—In Brooklyn, on Thursday, Jan. 12, LOCUA. oangbter of William and Louisa Hahn, agedgi yean IrWltFOLD, PARRKR A W H i n i i AaanyMUhiRADWAI A OU.S stmatoaT8 . H 7 , 888, 888, 881, SsM, 888,384, 388. Part 2—Kn 6 1 ,Tbe funeral will take place a two o'clock Una (Friday)WOOD. MDt»T Ai*mil^^^BI^J^9-'WttUlal^ftobaltor jwttdto BajilifiWggsfa J ton) gn>aOsSanaax**^^^ anw^^^r^nwaawMr^wwrn''mwnmwThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com^aaawa^mawwawannnwnwaawnwnwawWaBatoaminiibkemmiawna la-„ — A tThurscay.Jan. 1 2 , b y th e Very Rev. William Starrs, Y .G.,JOBXW.Daarnr to MiaBanana Gnaws*,both or thfitetty.Kinks—TILIor,—OnWednesday,Jan 11.bythe Rev & H Weston, Gotrvsaaaca K n u u , Jr. ,to JCUA, daughter of Hon- Franeia R . Ttttou. lml^cKwooi*—WASD.—In Jersey City, on Monday evening, Jan. o, at the reabtence of Geo & Gardner, by ton Rev. Robert Travis. Jr , Mr. Wk. H. Locxwooo, of Havana, to Mtat Canouaa WASD. o f toe former place.Havana papers baton eoyy.Yocno—GABVBT —On Wednesnay eveatog, Jan. It,by tbe Rev. Dr.jeeeph MeBroy, Mr. Rcawar YOCSG to Miss SABABJans GAKVKY,allofthis etty.S t.Patrick'sCathedral,o nEAMIASE—On Thursday, o'clockA.M.,aftetaabort]mnea,GxoscaEASXIAXZ, aged 38 yearsTheirssndsamirelativesarerespectfullyinvitedtoat tenathefuneralfromNo.82Moustreet,onthis(Frfctay) alterntKm,a two u'ciock,to Greenwood Cenieu-ry1 year, 9 months and 17 daya. I Theruneralwill takeplacetoto(IWa^)sfters»nwnt «eo^oek,lromtoerntd«H«eofb«psrea*i,T^ Mnry nawdflnawaaaa street BetreaaamswillbeInterredtoOavaryCeme-[AStoUMf o rBXOa$ 1 —j m» T*"*"-••wm»g'-"-"»•< m^M.v>\>*•• • • • —T -..".JIII'IHWIIHH.  