 Political«^ I W I M M I I. „in Variousfled to New Mextoo for safety. quiera'a tenure ia very fraiLgpsccb of Sr.Nevertheless " itiatruethat,whilemanyuen<men Gen. Ilonetoa sa the embodiment oof a Dpopoularprotest againstst against party tyranny, a larger number adheredto him froma JYom pereonal preference atone, and will now con.Therefore we are conatrained to accept the withdrawal of Gen. Houston from the Presidential contest aa a sacrl- 3ce called for by UM political exigencies of our day. Holding In abeyance our desire for a popular rebuke of bad men and mischievous party tactics until snob rebuke shall Se spontaneous with the democratic masses, we ac- quiesce to onr candidate's resolution to cast no obstacle iu the way of a fair and honorable oonflict ot opiniona oa the mato issues of tola canvass. We regard toe "species degmee. claptrap platforms, ana electioneering cant," soGrandecountry,andwith little prospect ef their being rfcfTWMryefguto.WManaeJMoLMverdo.saa Doeaabetter for some time to come.l u B B o n , Sept.«, 1 M Mr. DnotfM «rrit«d fironFrvMrtekatftMffP.M. He received si the depot by a tor» concourse of hiewho e»u»eei*ttw»ay cheered his*.MMPii m mrtwajito«>•flflswroBouts.On raarhlag toe hotel ft copy of Mr. Breckinridge'tblanket, and then lighting a cigar ft* reftd UM tpeeobof Mr. Brochiartdgo through before a^sstssghismiirAt eight o'clock this evening be m e serenaded by the Ku«t' bend, and immediately appeared oa the tower Del- ©cay. Be wee greeted with cheers tad proceeded witb a rtentorim Tolce to address an immense ooncourse of list.i, being frequmUy latempted by cheers. Hecom- iby expressing his devotkm to UMUnion end hie exterminate to mart aD tbe powers of the constitution lor its preeervattoa t a d peraMaeaey. He would a * no- taiag for his owa State, ao right e a i no immunity tottState will republicans to 18gel Trios, ex-Governor ef Chibmhua, and Gen. Bmiilo o e c , ejnaUy stigmatised by Gen. Houston, ss toe products of toe same convention machinery which mauufaoturea m would not grant to UM Southern States. He proceed- candidates for our highest offices; aad if we could ed to define the amtatarvmtioB dostrme by many cherish a moment's alarm concerning Um destiny of our noble confederacy of States—which, thank God! we do not-it would be from UM ambition of pigmy dema- gogues, perche 1 upon "specious dogmas," or the recktoss- asta of trading politicians who assume special protec- tion of our Union, rather than from any danger that may •rttt from toe verdict of onr people, through their ballotThe Expected Conflict a t O s Miter—El Fato and Guay- SMS Railroad—Project qf Gen. Triai—Tkc Verriiit Apachet—Their BabUt—SinguUr Outtemu—Arrival of Got. Petqueira and Suite at flenaohlfo—The Arrival of (he r»ti«d States Sloop of-War Cyane at Guayma»t*c. The measure or Gov. Peaqueira, requiring pay-ment of the State [dues from owners of real and per sonal estate and persons doing business, both citizens and foreigners, eight montha to advance of toe regular aad stipulated period for tbe collection of taxes, a s a means Of raising funds to carry on the Yaqul river war, does not meet with that success and prompt compliance with hto demand which a patriotic people are always dis- posed to manifest when toe honor aad interest of the cbuatry are at stake. The Governor eeti mates the amount necessary for UM equipment of troops, and carrying on hostile operations, at between 840.000 and 860.000. This m m , it to true, to not targe, but to toe present exhausted condition or the treasury, financial embarrassments and depressed state of trade, m well m the frequency ot these requisitions for mm aad means to subdue the oa. conquered rebels of tbe Yaqui region, toe substantialtoe Menem republic at the next etocttoa. .place to 18€l,acccrdtof tc the prcvtoiom of toe oosstita* tton ef 1887.The united Staue u'ecp-of war Cyane, Lockwood.ofEoxbury.Masa., arrived at/iF r l d d sa y . , t t th e e S O t o i n s L T r J a v e a a e i :860iofficers md mm, who am ia gord health md spirits. While in tbe harbor of Manatton fortoree or font days, toe Mexican Bbarato aad antericaa rmdeett re- quested tbe Ceptaia it a written applMsros to tarry for some tone. But hto orders forbad h i remaining. The display of the stars m d atripea from a caLccal vessel tn too Gulf ofrCseiuifornaiMalto aiways bailed witb del gat.Rlevoelt sait Slag Sine OWBOFTOTBftSnBtS AVPTBBOAPTAZMOF ASLOOPBetween twelve sad me o'clock yeaterday a daring at* tempt was made by about half a doren CCET.CM at too Sing Stag prism to escape, which, by toe prompt action of toe guarda, waa prevented; but cot, however, ont.l two had bom seriously stabbed. From what information we could ascertain it appears that acme half a d o r n of the eonvicto in the hat department bad laid a plan to es- cape by jumping oa board Of a aloes which stops almost every week at toe prison dock to take away gooas. Their ptanwm to get <m board, and while twocr three seised the captain, toe others would heave eff toe ttoes. There beingquiteacurrentrunningattheendcftoedockmost of too time, the stoop would scon be carried away, and, too sails betotod, they intended to cross the river and make tbctr escape in Jersey. The gang was tod by m e KeBy, a desperate follow, toa same wco ktHoloceofhto fellow coaTicto about three weeks ens. Tbe party•ft aad aauatog lllustrelioae sad analogies, •Od UM slavery" question moat beby weal Where slavery was pronuble; thereit would go; where it n i n o t , there It would never be leg-islated tat) wtfttoftwi FUieaary, fanatical men of theSouth thought became slavery w»a shall sills in eertoiabox, ia UMconstltutioaal choice of their mars.With these remarks, fellow citizens, the People's State Committee, ot toe friends of General Houston, in Hewtot;tudmttongh± to extol everywhere. FeaaUet M the York, resign the powers entrusted to them. In doing soTimHiIknsghlsiitoasiIIweftail ftwBtahtolhSUU that theybegleavetoacknowledgethewarmsympathyaadftecsjon, it ought to be antstottedevery ahem. We on the encouragement which they have received from Citizens ia all pacts of toe State, and to thank the gentlemen whoQ. In your interviews with Mr. Mills and Mr. Pedrajastelluswhattookplace?A.Mr.Millsproposedthatweshould buy theK. A. Kinsman for him; he said toe vessel then chiefly falls, begin to hesitate and cavil at was F e n cheap, aad that he had parties la Havana readyto buy her there for 87.000 or 88,000: he wished then these exactions, whtoh they look upon in toe that we would advance the necessary amount to buy toevessel, and to pay 84,000 to Mr. Pedrajas: also to advancesome smaller amounts for victualling UM vessel and ad-plain ofBttaoto eaee tried efcmry. When it was found tt waa aoompatthte with our interests it waa ftboUahed. When it was found we could notman who ttands where he and otheri rtood four years ago ia no better than an abolition*!. (Cheers.) Did baton yon ao four yeara ago* (Answer—"No.") Did he not Mil JOB four yeata age that UM peace of this country de- pended upon this very doctrine of non-intervention? (Cries of •• T u t " ) Did he not tell you that UM election of such an interventionist as Fremont weald be joat eaaee of disunion? (Criee of "He did.")cents, and various steam toga will run between toe etty and the wood for toe conveyance of paawngera There will also be present two oxen and divers sheep roasted whole aad ready for distribution.The PvaatMort, after the report, introduced the Hon, Edaon OTJDS, formerly member of Congress from Ohio.Mr. Olds commenced by sketching briefly UM various parties who have c mdidatea now before toe people, theirnational Convention at Glasgow, bad taken hto departure Q You beard of the loan or the E. A. Kinsman? A. Wam i t t e e .ntorosmoKS FOB a FTJSIOH—tm PBOBABLK sa 6VLT,ETCspoke on tola—his favorite theme—long and fluently, aad peaceably effected with China, aad intercourse with Ja- charge of false pretence to the investigation, aad statedprepared to receive heaerabie propositions from the Ihrarl*f ttsjsssitssa Messrs. Tucker aad €Maan havtag tost istninsd from hnajsjssngsjsj at Washington, it Is supposed thai they can talk to UMDoagiaa faction as men having authority. It appears that Ben Wood holds the aukes of UMDouglas Committee, aad la so stronglyia toe Akxaadrto Sentinel of yesterday, with several er- It sneaks far itsalf :—WAsnmwlOX, August 11,1380 MT Daaa . have received your favor of theSth a printed extract from the recett speech of Judge Doagiaa at Concord. You Inform me you expect to be at UM Cnarlotteevtile Convention, aad would be gladwould ask, in ccaseaance with the character of an enter.prising nation * The war between England and Chinawaa known in the former country about fifteen days be-fore it waa known here. He referred to the fact that theUnited Statea were day by day becomlag the great centreor trade or the whole world, and contended that Euwpeaatrade with the East would ye* crom America aa a means ofcorcniunicatton. In tbia SUM of thinga were we to waitfor toe action of San Francisco in offering mail focilitieaf end proceeded to landman's YorkyiUe Park, where they It should be done at once by the merchanto of New Yorkto know something of toe interview referred to to that la favor of union that he ia willing to give the Breaknv speech. According to tola extract the Judgestates:—rtdge men aU of one name oat of thirty-five oa Um elseralUekea. force the [«noapUm conttttutton upownfte people again* theirt h e Fifty fifth regiment, Garde Lafayette, under rassinaai ef Senior Captain Soulet, paraded yeaterdaymWeato.t! Hsswr jpfawmPhl i*titiaf. toe iadetFAunr.—Thetoe prisoner for a 1Janey City H«FSTSL Aceasnrr at ma Baaawa Tmsna—Q» Tuesday,m a boy named John MeGuire, twelve years ot age, wan .tending st the bottom of shaft NaT, of UMBtrgmTsa-toe bucket broke tome, and tofl witTfriatotful vetoslty em toe bead ot the unfortunate boy, completely ortoon, aad camtog mount death. Coroner Aek<an inquesit <on thoeo body, whbm tohe jJury returned a ver- diet Mbat John Mefiulre met hto death by toe faikag oi aback m hto head, through the esretanmem at toeoa-The boy wm employed at toe tunnel, aad wan toe soto support of hto aged seottoAnossBB L o o Bow—Tsa YSevuxusasm of Caat, B. H. Bart, of Iagr«fW»lUei "jjJJvty, startoia few days atom oa a journey to toeiMJesaaitp- pi rrror, sad perhaps to Sew Ortoaas, via theriver, Erie canal anTWestern rivers, to a beat5' "-;..to,.w».will be aTours, most trtly,/AMES BCCHAANAN.WttUafl SHRB.;G,Pa,Sept 6,1800. oaakiag for the reception of Saturday and leave forthe same afternoon. A lettor has been re OeL McLean from Mr. Douglaa accepting UM ftt barbecue at Jones'Wood, la New York, and assuring him that he will poai Uvelybeonbandcathatoocaaion.and that he intends to make a speech.la Marylaad. stEftTisG AT jraavsmios:—Morg-MSKI8 OF IBB rOUTICIAKS GSUSaALLY. Faansawx, Stpt. s, uso.n masting waa bald barethrough toe streets withwitb their booty.fidelity. Onceevery yee^on(toe^rat^oi*un^CaABBB or LABCBBV Acanm an leaWatoh wm taken toto custody by policemee O'DoaseU, otthe Fourth precinct, m maptotoe of stealing a Bhas 888 from wwMma Bursey, of No. MOrtvesrTha a w a y dtospanared to ratherar from Bursey*s store, while toemined, nettiama, by ton mtoatjisi of* Prssidantial ttohat, without toe dtotattoa of party. They adopted tola aotolytovtodicattoBOf»iirn»dpte,andaotla tsmtoUsSaaaMefaman. They•QQjT al^Uawarw lswPto •wSawfar swamJfltomlw"' SjKr s K M l a M ftaftsbes t^astoaaVaftaw tbV hwwafla^^SH flxtthwxAl fiftBTgffitlrtllSby toe 'bnekatortog ef prtociptoa, and by the open sale aad transfer ef partttan votoa. Tftwy reoogniaedtoepre- e e t t u s M s s an aoaptotouaoaa for a pepntor prateat againstipt party raachmary. and they hoped to^aaugurate, at , annM movement which bonaat domoerato coulddiflerent railroada running from ton city, in* ,1. J*rk are loaded to overflowing, and all i & 2 & J & S V the « U ^ r t h end of county.tbe apple trees are s-BtoeUyto be one of <wslag uw*eftaumsa^ps raot.ttwlTioatoelTtoiThese roving enrages have aamong Ybeir""tribe which Ueyebsarm^wtt^*-^Mat this pasture, Gen. Sam Hooaton—kaeira aa a aouad UM friends of -ae opposing candidates.reported1 t.-o haVe been killed by Capt. Carr, and three bytJ BothftVtog the trench mere properly tecwed. privatee Simpson aad Hasttosa,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069or a bear to avoid observation, and at other lanes all locks md shallows.», aad respected alike for h j ability, ma iateg-A Dougias electoral ticket has been fcrmed.tioaof an electoral The People'swith regret that Qen. position as the peopays would havedemocraticconventions aaofnot bate crownedwho rejoiced to prtuoplee, "a minority£ J.,?**^• *the venality majority might frtonda;butto Iheas him as the champion of theirno terrors."In Sonora Governor Pas- He to tost losing ground, probably will net be able to maintain hto governmentthtmaelves free to support owmthaaewfrt vcataawadaj>%adjja>i(t^e^pa» Iit* .s likewiseOnr HermoallloBsBMceiixo, Sonora, Mexico, Jury 38,1800.lucewiae necoming more apparent that not only the poll-y of a convention systom, but all ether poliuoal sabjesto, micor or national, nave become dwarfed by the over' SnoaawtDgconUoieisj regarding tlavery-aa "lastlta- ttan whose evtoteaee." in toe words of onr late candtdate, ••should never have been brought into national polities." The attempt even longer to ignore this question ia futile. The effort to postpone Its setuement to the indeftnito fn- tore is unjust to onr posterity, aa well as dishonorable to ourselves.toUresmdArtope. E s fmto m a t stoissa m f a s i The Dtatrict Committees have returned toe names of or baa not bean shown to me before to dayf l a m not car The Indian Waroagomm Crest Excitement—The Tqpi •art of tbe Yaqu! river war. Ifhis troops promabout to he established there, he retiree from ttto field. IMS Y e n Of BnujHGtoM—The vote of Burlington, vt., tola year, to only tores votes more than the total vote Matyear, aad toe black republican majority to also three votes greater than it was to 1858. The republican ma- reflate UMmatter. If it wae found contrary to the in• iftpa/ond Democrat of Peekskill. It maybe our pleasing jority has increased la UM tost four years, asfollows:—on It, we turned philanthropists and aboltohed It It ftgreat error to WPP0** Congressional legtolalioa couldvancing tbe aew.Q. Oft what did he wish you to make those advances ?A. Onthe goods and on toe vessel; be said toe goods were on board, t u t they were worth 820,000, and that he would show us toe vouchers; be told us toe general character of the gcods, bat I don't remember now what he stated; we ted to hto propoaitton to general tetma; we paid toe first sum of money on the flth of June;The troops, numbering about 1,000 men, infantry, ar.tillery and lancers, left Ires, the capital of the State, oft the set of easting off toe lines when their move-duty to rally at some future call under the standard of toe wrests of UM people of any Territory to bare slavery, all people's sovereignty over parties—a standard which we the powers in Christendom could not force it upon them. have endeavored to uphold boldly and truthfu lly. TBI then tot us prepare to take our part and choose our aides with So, if :t wae found to be to UM iatereetof UM people to the same patriotic motives that hare actuated our sup- have slavery there, It woukt V> ^ defiance or toe at- port at General Houston, and tot as remember now thattempts to prohibit it. It waa a fundamental principle or no middle isane in toe preeent contest to worthy of onr OQUDtenanoe. No dishonest combination of noliticiana, to UM lateral compact that each State ahonld be left to make cheat or be cheated, can claim our aid or toleration. NoIn 185T it was 34; in 1868,107; in 1868,166, aad in 1860, 168.tbe 21st Inst, under the command or Colonel Don Jesus Garcia Morales, and by this time are doubUess near the scene of hostile operations. The Yaquis, joined with toe Opatas, It to said, number about 1,600 fighting mm, am well armed and equipped, and -will dispute toe pern of UM river near Buena Vista It tost tola point, 160 miles above toe mouth of toe stream, where toe Mexican sol- diery will first come Into collision with their he- reditary foes. The objector the Governor to projecting thto campaign la not to exterminate toe Indiana, but to aubdue them, and render that A M country subordl. nate to toe progress of civilization. The Ysanto Insist that tbe land on both sides of the river for 880 milesments wars observed by one of toe keepers, named Boxte. He immediately fired upon them ml torn run down to the stoop. The captain of toe vessel who wm to the cabin st toe time, and whose name we could not ascertain, hearing toe firing ran out on deck, when he was met by KeUy, who dealt him a bliw with a dirk ia toe back. Mr. Eoxie, seeing Ke2y with the gaife. at tempted to seise him, when Kelly ierred won him and stabbed him tw! x, once in the abdomen and to tbe ieft leg, both wounds being serious. By thto time several of UMguards arrived, and all of toe party were prompry arreated md locked up. The wounded mm were placedlaws adapted to as circumxtances.Since 1 arrired here to-night, a friend read to me a por- tion of a speech delivered by Mr. Breckinridge at Lex tog ten, Kmtuchy, yesterday. In tmt speech I find that Mr. Breckinridge justifies UMbreaking up of the Democratic Contention and the division of UM democratic party, to UM great danger of UM election of a black republiaaa, OB UM groend, be aaya, that UM regular party in-"claptrap" of pretended danger to toe "Union" moat blind onr perceptions to too danger of intrusting the choice ot oar next President to a factious Congress, where votes may be purchasable as they are in National Conventions. Cast your votes, fellow citizens, so that UM people may elect the President, aad tons you will re- main true to jour principles and to the counsel of Bam Houston, given ia these words.—"Let not those who rely upon carrying the election into toe House of Bepreaenta-h Uvea deceive themselves, the people have been taught to dread such a consummation."cracy were completely routed. The opposition elected their candidates far Mayor, Aldermen, Treasurer and Assessor, together with Bias out of fifteen members of toe City Council.Gooom on ma Srcar.—Hon. Wm. L. Goggin, toe oppo- sition candidate for Governor in Virginia to I860, to on the stomp for Ball and Everett.A Usioa SasTMurr—Hon. John A. Andrew, toe black republican candidate for Governor of Massachusetts, in a^ " o mere ^lltic^organfeatlon, none of the chaacea of KitiCB, none of the prophecies of wise men, can save a te, preserve a people,or perpetuato liberty; it is the intelligent virtue of the mass of the men and toe mass or women, too Intelligent frith to toe fundamental truths oa which society la baaed, upon which her tree teatttatlow man* forever stead I care not a" yoa sweep away every from MasaachuaetM: I it to the Ball and Everett party to save too away, ant I will trust the democracywith the particulars of toe cargo; we understood that It wm a general cargo of merchandise, such as to usually sent to Havana; wa found no discrepancy between Mills' fctattment and the invoice; we got the invoice of toeSoods shipped by Mills very soon after the 6th of une; I have got a copy of the invoice, bnt Isisted upon aparUealar dogma,and that hewoald not Fiaally, fellow electors, let us remember that in our taka anybody ae a candidate for UM Prerideaey who capacity, as citizens, ia various localities, we can ao wae the leprmmtative of that dogma. (Chasm.) Now much to oppose corruption, venality and motion. Therelet me ask jou what ia that dogma of which he speaks, comparison te aattonsl affairs, 'have yet their specifis im- portant* l a ^purchasable BUM Legialature, honest tnenmbeetoof town and city offices, pare and capable Judges, and fitting officer*-and teachers of our schools— all these detnaad onr personal Interest m toe aomtog elec-Q. Can yon enumerate the sums advanced and give toe that upon obtaining their independence as a national datoat (Objected to by the counsel for toe defence. power, toe rights of Spain m a nation ceased, sadaft la it taa dogma of non-iutia isaUm by aMverymUMTarritorteat all that myObjection overruled.) A. On UM 6th or June we paid 8100 ta tbe captain of the E. A. Kinsman; on the 8th we paid 86,000 to J. M. Maclaa, aad 8230 07 to Watoh hCo. for ahippmg the crew; on tbe Sth, $27 02 to bearer for pilotage, on toe 8th, 8306 28 to Swift & Co.; on the 13tb, 83M for insuring toe vestal; on toe 7th, 811 66 for clear- ance; on July 12, 8100 to Captain Downs: on the 12th, 8S5 OS; also 81,207 90 for insurance on cargo, aad 84.000 in liquidation of an old debt due Mora ft Nephew by Pedrajas; UM tost item wm an order or Milla on m to favor of J. C. Pedrajas. the total a c c e n t of toe advances w m 811.363 88; thto advance wm made to accordance wtth toe terms, of toe originalQ. Waa it part or the original agreement that Pedrajaa waa to pay oil this old debt of Mom & Nephew? A I don't know that there wm any such condition; it waa spoken of, bnt there waa ao condition; we ahonld havethat the Indiana have ao right to complain IT the gonrernaneat asm proper to atom a colony wham there to m much meant mound, and convert it to the ueee of toe Mexican people. There Is plenty of boU, it to alleged, for both Hextoaas and Indiana, aad the latter ahould not he suffered to monopolize the whole nglon and keep toe white settlers ofi of it, when B toConvention Uttt year ahonld reaffirm theadopted ia Ctaclnnati hi ISM. We take•ere. That ptottorm declared UMprinciple of non-mnrtratioa irentiassn waa elected Praalteat and J^TI* ~TJ* j J ^ ~ V ~ r * * !* *^~^w * —** * aaaaa-sftw Aa^lftsl• rilwi rt. Van,y jota C Brockmrtdgo Flee Pnslflsst on thai ptolfsrm,ftndwere pledged to that dogma. They wenand Vice President by UMpower of that veryTheynewercouldhavebeen elected tothat very dogma of sen intervention; aad DOWridgeMMyoathatratherthansubmittoUmwhich he waft Wee*ed, aad to obeerve which hapledged hie honor aad fidelity, it was belter to break ap street. The mtnutee of toe last meeting were read andW O affftai ftjf T wWftsawmawe** eaaaa t a w v e w a a w a m w-*^awna> a aia^mm ese^me* aad all UM dire consequences Uwt would likely follow. I again repeat, that we only aaked the same dog- ma upon which Bncbanaa end Bushier!We only aaked the aame plattem on which UMy •eaaMsawi We did not require any change el platform, any change of pr inciple, or s a y change of usage of MMapproved, and several aew members admittedEx Alderman WILBOK etated, on behalf of toe Commit tee of Arrangemeuta, that the plana for UM festival, to take place oa Wednesday, September 18, were rapidly progressing Be stated that Messrs. Douglas, Johnson sad Senli would certainly, aad Messrs. Crittenden, Letcher of Virginia, aad Seymour, probably, be present, Steamboata will arrive from Brooklyn, Jersey City, Newark, Poagbkeepato, Hudson, Albany, New Haven andThe following gentlemen were balloted for sad electedparty, bathe and hie party take UM ground that the iTovWeaoe. The etty care wilLjjpdoce their Bare to threeHenry W. Johnson.A vacancy in UM Committee on Arbitration was filledby the election of Mr. Samuel a Babcock.Wie CIUIBJUX stated that Judge Marvin, who bad beenappointed at the last meeting aa ft delegate to toe Inter-the clerks were there, I think.Q Waa Pedrajas there? A. Be wm there at some ofthe interviews.Q. Was anything said by Mills or Pedrajaa in referenceto Insuring the goods* A. I don't remember.Q. Did you insure In pursuance of a request from thesepeople? A. B may be that I had a request to do so.accepted UMposition of electors ia attentation of that in- dependent popular principle of which General Houston has ever been Ute exponent. We must mention also with satisfaction the fearleas advocacy of the people's move- ment by an independent press, and particularly by those sterling journals, toe Paopk'i Frai of Kingston, and UMlight of a "forced loan," however it may be disguised under s toss obnoxious appellation.tions. Let aa, an toe peoples orgsntoaJMsn. in every dis- according totng the affray the keeper of belly was dangerously ate*, notorious that not one acre in 100 is now rendered tribu- m d to toe lumbar region of tbe back. Osntam Infargo,trict, still exert a power which shall be feltto, to nave " •off, too,and toeSweepnecessary, in the nomination of good man for local We remain your fellow citiaeae, on behalf iCommittoe.A. H. MICKLB,E. Bmaiuu. CH&P,will nail too flag to the mast, and if toe old ship goes of the State down their forma will fall with it, beneath or above, and' f l y Clrnto. Aregularmeetingofthtodabtookpacelastnightatwas spoken ot.Q. When yon made that payment did yon believe tbeinvoketobeaeorrestoner A.Ididanldosostilt,until there is proof to the contrary.The counsel moved to strike ont toe above question and answer, bnt the Court,after considerabledtocnsatoa, over- ruled the motion.Examination ooaitoued—My clerk, Mr. D'Orguerre, can tell you more about exhibits 1,8 and 8 than I can, aa he bad charge of these matters.their headquarters, corner of Broadway aad ThirteenthVita President and Jodga Douglas WJUUWGTOX, Sept. 8,1340.Mr. D. & Mills, who to charged with being one of toe of the age. From what I cm gather from outside conThe Breckinridge aad Lane State Central Committee, ofwhich John A, Green, Jr., ia chairman, will meet today(Friday) at toe St Nicholas Botel, when they will be President to Givernor Smith, of Virginia, which appeared through Europe and UM Isthmus ef Suez. Wm thto. bering leaders in tbe alleged' attempt at fraud, was present during the investigation. He bad been arreated the pre- vious day at Soutbold, L. I., and brought to toe city by special Deputy Sheriff Lilly. The magistrate fixed toe amount offhia bail at 86,000, and he was placed ia charge or detective Sampson until the necessary security could bo found.jeeture, I am inclined to believe the Congress, when rt convenes, will pass favorably upon toe scheme. Tbe charter baa already been sanctioned by toe Governor and legislative authorities of Chihuahua. The cirapany in connection with Governor Trias, I understand. embraces some of tbe wealthy citizens of your city ataoag ethers. George Law. The accessary capital to complete the en- terprise to estimated at twenty millions of dollars, to- gether wtth five millions additional to be devoted to exploration and toe developement of the rich mineral districts of Chihuahua and Sonora.Aa to the feasibility aad practicability, as w e l aa abso-lute necessity for building tola read there can be no ques- island. BMthwtok, it to alleged, tried to bribe toe offi- tion. Tbe route over which toe roan will necessarily cer, and atoo promised to use his xSnetfe « ;*• omma- pass to almost a dead level route, and will require but tit ataner Bowen towards promoting Phillips. The arc-seal Ue grading, and can be conatructed as cheaply ss that ofalmost any road la the Enitcd States. It will passthrough a rich mineral region, with many sections of fineagricultural lands, well watered.- The climate ia healthy,and at no period of the year will the road be obstructed hto atory of botes; related to Mr Bowen was an moon- by deep snows or heavy rates. Gen. Trias estimates that shine. Justice Breansn committed toe fellow to prison. ^ if toia road to once built toe Statea of Chihuahua aadSonora will produce annually ay leld of gold, silver, copper,lead, zinc, antimony and other minerals, in whtoh thesetwo States abound, of from fifty to one hundred millions ofdollars. This is a large estimate; but toe General, whoto thoroughly acquainted with the mineral resources oftbe whole republic, does not hesitate to pledge hto vera-city and general knowledge for toe fulfilment of this state-ment. To Westers Terns, New Mexico, and the regionlying between the Rio Grande and Colorado, thto road toindispensable to afford aa outlet for their productions. Imight point out Its great advantages in s mercantile aadmaritime point or view; but this must.be so obvious totbe casual reader that I do not deem it necessary to en-cumber your columns witb vague apeculaiiona upon tolaThe following to a correct copy of toe letter of theTie President told sea It I did noLobey him, aad vote toThai fusion t neat ion seems to be a troubleajme one will, ae would take off the bead of every friend 1 had in office the silver produced at the Washoe silver mines would Incelebrated toe one hundred aad third anniversary of toe birthday of General LaJayette. At the park they were joined by their wives and families. l a t h e afternoon the Garde and their guesia, to the number of six hundred, rat down to a sumptuous dinner In tbe spacious dining bail of the hotol. After partaking of the good things of Ute, the proceedings were changed to speech making, •fJSfttftg of appropriate sentiments, interspersed with masto by the regimental band. The MarHymn, with band accompaniment, wmby toe entire assemblage, and the effect was veryanngny the entire assemo-u lay waa pleaaanUy occupiedgrand. The last part of toe_ pavilion adjoining the hotel,in dancing la tha specious. d e c o r u m prevailed throughout theThe utmost order and decoruday, aad toe Garde returned late In the evening, highlypleased witb the excursioa.PBOVTMCKCl LIGHT INFANTRY.The rroTlrtcssns Light Infttatry will arrive to New Yorktoia morning, by toe 8tonlngton steamboat, on their wayOhio, whore they am to take part to toeof laying the of the Perry Monu-with UM petty politieiana, tor such are the men that ea It to aiiiKimnmry tn quote the alleged reply of too Judge. Surely there must have been some mistake in the»the leadership in this State. The Doaglasaitos are report of MM speech, because I never, held any such con- saMT with the BreckinrWgere, end UM Brecklaridge versation with Judas Doogtas, nor any conversation sad Laae M i , tndepeadent to UM <extreme, will whatever afforitog toe least ootor or pretoxt for such apeg witoout a satisfactory bargain. statement. It waa not in my nature to address - geed wire puller, end fixes ap U-.reatening and Insulting language to any gentleman,time be the capital upon which commercial bills could be drawn for use to China From these conaiderations he was prompted to propose toe following preamble and resolution:—Wberets,inviewof therecentwtenslon ^ J f ^ ^ d S ! relations with lie empires of the Fast, and the wemiflffltde- i.ood for acme regulsr system of mail communication with. asata of Um party to good atyto. Ba can keep toe tin well scoured aad the diny linen out of tight; but he makes a poor General—he wants some one1 his impuisirenestJr., who waa selected by the Stole•idea, 1 have not removed one in ten of his frlenda.aione of hto retoUvea. Even among those of his friends who have rendered themselvea prominenUy hostile to theMof the administration, a majority gun remain in I might add that I beve.naver held a l»"ttonl_ with Judge Douglas on tola or i the day on which my first annualAafa, (hit Chamber does hereby Bra...for1of there for that express purpose, to hardlyMr. Gnonen Onmra, laed to toe monopoly of" toeBritiah government, and the anaoyi* * *.»•*• frVTw&YerlMebeea Mj e e t s h wSth of December, 1887, waa reand in the S-enate; and I didforeign and.onm»cold water 0ft faaton, foarlag, It to said, that htohave to be dropped from UMetootoral ticket. MHsaadtoattoe Dawghw parly are willing to «Q out Kelly and ft portion of toe batoi oaamaneatoeeMctoraltica^aainey npf Brady. Thto propoaitton to not at aU Electoral CnUcge than they do toe State|W.,|r .. te —Cl ta wtllMC tOStoDSDB I JBmwawa^r %ftw 'ftw 'ssBBsaBsan on» ^* a^^wowsg> ^^^ ^^^^gf w^^^girtog UM slaim^UM puBes., , 0 ^ruTS taad «p S^pbTAllen, FletcherWeatray,pTkWetmoreand0ment on the 10th tost. They are to act aa escort of theGovernor of Rhode island and hto staff, who are invited to On ewQBOsTaaV*F1«V, WIStary to toe developement of agricultural productions. Thto, It appears, ia the bone ot contention, aad the Yaquis, who bam lately burned tone fields of wheat, stolen horses and cattle, aad committed other acta of depredation saoa their Mexican nUghbors, will aon have an opportunity to display their prowess, of which they boast, aad maintain their position or give way te the super lor military tactics of the Mexican army, whom they cordially despise. B to difficult to tell whtoh party wiil be toe victor to the approaching conflict. TheYaquishavetheadvantage inthisrespect: they are on their own stamping ground; Um river to swollen,anddifficulttocross,inconsequenceofthelate heavy rains; besides, tbe weather ia very warm and op- pressive, and if closely pursued toe Indians are good run- ners, and can hide themselves in toe jungle andehapparal of the river bottoms sad mountain fastnesses.It is toe purpose of Um Governor, If he to successful to reducing the Indiana to subjection, to erect a large reser- voir near Buena Viata, dig a large number of sawn, or ditches, to irrigate toe soil, bring in a Chinese colony, and grow and raise coffee, sugar, cotton, tobacco, corn, wheat, beana and all other products which thto fruitful soil will produce In great abundance.BSome two months ago General Don Angel Trias, for- merly Governor of Chihuahua, and at present a dis- tinguished citizen of toe Mexican republic, presented a memorial to the Governor or thto State, praying for toe enactment of a tow by toe constituted authorities of Sonora authorizing General Trias and such other persons aa may be associated with him to construct a railroad, with toe customary privileges, from El Paso, in toe Siate of Chihuahua, to Guaymas, on toe Gulf of Califor- nia, in toe State of Sonora. After dwelling upon toe sub- ject for some time, and discussing toe matter in all its bearings, the Governor and hto Cabinet have come to the conclusion that the power to grant tbe reqnisita charter is vested in tbe Congress or Sonora. This body, com- posed or ten members from as mtny districts of tbe Slate, will assemble at Urea about tbe 1st of Octo- ber, to take into consideration this great Mexican measureot too stoop, wm elm family slabbed to toe side. Tbe convicts w«*e fiaally driven ashore by other officers. Tbe plot has been batching for months, aad Kelly expect- ed about one hundred eonvicto to take part in the ixsor- reel ton.l*olIceThe above Board met s s usual yesterday. All toe asem- berswerepretent. TheteeigjaauoaofofficerDuBoawas received md accepted, and Sergeant LeweteU, of tbe Twenty-third precinct, tram/erred to too Fifteenth pre.cinot. TheBoardatootransferredSergeantHandrew,at the court squad, to the Savmtemto ward, and ordered Sergeant Mills to take hto place. No came has been assigned for transferring hhn, bufit to presumed that it M entirely ft political move The General Superintendent reported that he bad, to accordance wtth orders, re- moved She glass ballot boxes from No. 666 Broadway, where they were stored, to the headquarters A targe number yet remaia ,n the aarioua station houses. About one quarter of the cumber which were faroisfeed to the city have been broken, owing to tbe cereleeerees of the police who have had them to charge.Police Intelligence.-STABSUCG A m u ? *T A r A*CB—A row oscar**!) betweena number of negroca at a dance bouse to Laurens atr«et,kept by Sideney McFartond, on Wednesday n'gbt, inwhich Richard Vaster, of No. 66 Thompson street, and sfriend of hto, named Jtsr. Collet, were severely Injured. A. dispute arose between Vaster and s wrrifr. tamed Alexander Turner, when the latter drew a dirk Vnife and stabbed his adversary in the ores*:. Cullet to«r came to tbe rescue of bis friend, wren he,.tec, wae served in a si- milar manner. Turner then tried to make his escape from tbe premises, but iuckity the arrival ci policeman Oo»d- rich, of the Eighth precinct, par a stop to h*s salicp The wounded men were paced under a payalclan'a cere, and then sent to their borne*. They are both sev-rely in- jured, and it to the opinion of the doctor that the w o u t a will yet prove fatal, Turrer was taken before J u t ireQmekenbuah, at toe Jefferson Market Pc-tce Court, aid committed for emmtoatton.PraaojriTiM a Foucsau.v—Henry H Sotttwich, altos Simmons, wm taken into csstedy on Wedr.-s-Jay, by po- liceman Phillips, of tbe Second precinct, on charge c! per- sonating a policeman, md comic tog black ma 1fr:m dif- ferent abandoned women. The prisoner. : -s alleged,approached officer Pbiilips on Tretday 'est, and repre- senting that he was a member of tbe depanmrct, tried to persuade him to me his mocesce for toe release ot a prostitute that had just bem sect up to Btaekwe.PsT w o Maw S r n m m m m s y o c s m W a r n - L a s t e v t ? m g .about ten o'clock, two mm named Cornelius Soiiivaa andA.X.DUQANNE,Central cant-if the native born cltiaena of Ameriea ahould all, by any sudden providence, he swept from off the faee of toe earth, I wwaM trust It to the aaturalised, adopted e m . sens of Massachusetts, to taka up the parable and pre- serve the institutiooa or our fathers.istitutiou to Congreaa untUanr sir, In writing to you 1TMwith such _ States, who la one oftola, too, in apubtiahedtbettatke heme, that they bad been ao wriaasBj to> ed tost they had to bo eewvoyed te the Mow Yorktab Shay, it is thought, will act Idelivered by him in his oaavaas for the higbeat far thebe present at tbe imposing« aony, ont of compSmentbirth to toe Hero ef the Lakes, to the BUM which gave blrA salute will be fired on their arrival by the exempt memberi of the company residing to this city.way: they ere not very braf* <* excel to their abUitv to steal aadtoes, bate office to the worM-tmt I deem the preseat easeWWN addressed hf •ffwlftl sgasfmra, aad toe greatestA Breckinridge aad Laae domoastration win be held ia a week or two.The people are becoming interested la toe comingKr, but another wash wSlla tog thorn ftswn to t isaoaalito ratea.Deceasedas at tbe bottom of a deep trench, laying les4plF»,wBmtmasrtoaoddenly caved tofromb a hf IAfWaW. w William a Beardeley, of Auburn,by acclamation for Oeagtess from the Twenty fifth dhv trtot by the Democratic Oonventton today.In I860, wah a force ef 138 men,a force of 800 warr .ore. Be fought aesafromto the setting of tbe a or , and when night ekmade good hie retreat with toe : m of cabmm, while the Apaches had mem than onefifty ttato en the amrc-nary battle ground.pants eagagmarxt the Ocveruof wm twice led to toe legs, be himself being prominentwhere btowe f«D thai and thickest._Oov.Ignacto Peooceira sad suits, accompanies: by hisS« a. x e , since toste ^ S i ;H1 8 , 0 2 * .alrS"^^ Sept. 6 1800 toe electora on the straight Douglaa ticket, and toe ticketWiaJ l#WJjt"VIlaftUwtt IvfUlWIhssa*North Carolina Politics.Baissau, M. C., Sept. 0,1880.Governor Wiee did not attend the grand Breckinridge Md Lane barbecue in this place to day, on account of toe illaeaaof hlswife.MnwAsaas, Sept. o, 1880. The Brecklaridge State Convention met la tola city yes- terday. About one hundred and fifty delegates were inattendance, aad nominated a full electoral ticket. MrxwAtraan Sept. 8, I860.Judge A. 8. Sloan waa nemtoated for Congreaa by the Bepubltoaa Convention of the Third dtotrtct yeaterday.C i t y P o l i t i c . .TO TBI BftTHKR OF THB njsaajyUft,47 Waix 8num, Sept. 8,1800. The statement hi toe Haaais of to-day, thai I am a candidate for toe office of Surrogate, ia not correct. I amnot a candidate for any office, TOOTS, respectfully,^ ^ ^ ^ PETER B. SWEENY.Miscellaneous Political Intelligence.A BaacxnraiDOB Lssat Gears Oct.—The tost tome of the Dunkirk (N. Y.) Pros and ^rgea, a Breckinridge paper, contains toe valedictory ef toe editor, who says thatlongereffortsarevain,"subscribershavefallen off," and la view of toe fact that a Douglaa organ totain whether tola ia the first time it waa shown me or not; a great many persona nave tadtadto me about say testimony; I know Captain Walling; don't recollect whether be spoke to me about it or not; I know nothing about the carriage or tbe bill; I have been at a number of UM insurance companies' offices; d e n t know of any other Lancasterof my name in UMcity; 1am alone la business; I went to toe insurance companies on buaineae: could not say whether it waa in relation ia my testimony here or not; I have been to toe Great Western Insurance Com- pany, hst how lately 1 could sot my; don't recollect what I went there about, but 1 suppose it was on some insu surtnee business.Jose Bovirro was then re-examined as fottoas:—I dobn• sinesaat No. 64 Exchange place; toe partners in our house ate Jose N. Mora, Antonio N. Mom and myself; the advances on the bark E. A. Kinsman and cargo were not made to any other person than D. a Milla; toe payments by order of Mr. Mills were made in different amounts to different par- ties; in view ef tbe difficulty to carry ont the original agreement we modified it; Mr. Pedrajas advised us in re- lation to the E. A. Kinsman about the 2d of June: he said that Mr. Mills had aome goads onboard theK. A. Kina- maa. hound for Havana; that he wished to send them consigned to our home there, and asked us whether we would advance upon the cargo, receiving, of course, the usual commission,Q Did anything else transpire? A. The arrangement waa not perfected then; we had other interviews, in which we made the arrangement with Mr. Mills and Mr. godratsg,Miter War^ Taxes Required tele Paid EifU MoaAiin ful in bringing the Ysquie to terras, it w f t too civil and military reputatton, and ptom htmlAdrwce-Fbrcm leant, w^-JtwrcMng of fteAnay- before toe country aa a candidate b l U fon the 26th ult.Mr. Paoarxa M. W a n t o n alluded to the subject of mall communication between toe Pacific coast of the United Statea aad Asia, which be considered of toe great t at importance to the intereeto of American commerce.did through onr house in Havana, to whom toe vessel was consigned.Q. And vou informed toe insurance companies of She lets? A. I did.prmetptoa and effecto. After quickly disposing of Messrs. During toe past few yeara tone of the great nations of time for a future sitting. After some delay it waa ar Bell, Lincoln sad Brecklaridge, he commenced a long de- the East had been opened to American commerce, and ranged that the case ahould ba adjourned until Monday fence or Mr. DougUe, from hit first speech m Congreaa to onr trade with Stom had been benefitted tost year to toe neat, at ten A.-M. Before adjourning the counsel for theThe Breckinridge and Lame State Com- bis last act in the late session of the Senate. Mr. 0. amount of half a million of dollars. A treaty bad been prosecution gave notice of hie Intention to include tbeIi•iIwas repeatedly interrupted by applause.pan waa already beginning to expand. One house in New York, he heard, had received the bills of lad- ing of 10000 chests of tea from toe latter country. Notwithstanding toe necessity of correspond- ence with toe East, onr merchants were compelled to communicate with those countries by foreign mails,that be would be prepared witb the necessary affidavits at toe next sitting of the court.aad UMother large cities, frmmnatoatlon with abroad was oftentimes retarded by toe foreign mails and againstated tost he waa related to Mr. Bower by marriage, and would have things arranged so aa to g«t VL Mps a captaincy.' It to almost needless to say thai South wick baa no connection with tbe Police Department, and teatChina, wtth connection at such Intermediate porta as rests ofon.ria grudge which has tons t**"***TM• ^ e k ' S L a % Ltecjhe emabllshment'of s u c h ^ l conmunlcatton.Tbe foltowiag gentlemen were appointed the commit- tee -Messrs. A. A. Low, Boyal wSelpe, W. T. Coleman.roi w "Theterrible Apaches, who have for mtonfjM'f ] *f _the curse of toislountry, now that the tainysetam &« let in, have emerged from their mountem *>**""" UMmcftsm Sfr-ahwS to^S^t^ramfmto Apacbefro perfect devils aA But Bov a Taorax — at the Aetor Bourn, wmcharge of stealing a gold watch BMaxey, ,tbefrom a gentlemen named Bad up for trial by Justice KeBy.MeCue, a bell boyby pobcemm Devoy onircedatSlOO.fremJa sawm property itomer and stoaa,^ r S S t o a o f Mr.Idndsey, a member of the Britiah rVhwaWntVwbo to coming en behalf of t b s £ « * * . vernment to confer with the aalhorttitoatW^ regarding the subject of commercial totottonithe two couatrtoe, waa next cooaidered by tbaBoard. Mr F. M. Wnvnoaa moved that the offlcera of the Chamber be autborimd to reoeive Mr. Llndaey aadcon.hership, and the disposal of some routine buainesa, the Board adjouraed.BSJSJJSJFarw Cnors or am coshad aha taken toto custody nSwiut valley pro- lurmere who have rndurine- toe week seeking buyers for theirpeered, in tbe absence of her mother, procured a can of burning fluid, and pouring toe liquid nam toe stove,set her clothing In flames. Verdict in accordance wtth the shorn facts.Jamee OBrton, a native of Ireland, aged twenty three years, died at Bellevue Hospital, yeaterday, from toe effecto of Inj'klee accktontaily received byby a horse and wagon on the road between,b«wtowninquest Williamsburg, L. L Coroner O'Keefe held an mqupon tha body.Coroner O'Keefe atoo held an Inquest at Bellevue Hos-pital upon the body of Patrick Banm, a native orIreland^ aa^frMyyesis,whowmsnfhcated bytka oxriagtoef^«aistmbletn grotesquegroups, withpainted_nd other fruit crops of toondant yield "this season. mtos a» abundant yield f "a few are holding oa to their fruit for better s predicted that within less than a month the between twenty-wefSht of their fruitJ*%*TM*£shimAT»A huahoia will be manufactured torn cider. The retailSept. 0,1800.feet£>'The tones am very doll throughout UM entire BioEucnoa m Wumtetox, Dsx—At the municipal electton held in Wilmington, Del., on toe 4th tost., the demo before paying the money we did not acquaint ourselvesGovmaoa Hcav at Banana F i u * —Governor Hunt willaddress the cittoeue of SenecaFalls,N.Y.,onpolitical completedUMarrangementwithoutthatcondition,bntItanwjectt, on Monday evening, September 10.Clinmber of ComiDfTOBTAMT ACTION TK RIBAKD TO MAIL COMUCKI-0A TI0N WITH CHINA.The regular monthly meeting of UM above Board washeld yesterday afternoon, toe President, Petotiah Pertt, Esq., in the chair.Q. Who was present at your arrangement with Mr. members >-Samuel Churchill, C. Godfrey Gunther aad Mllft? A. We did not make any privstc thing of it; allmalli arri fed aad arreated !t was fomd. on tbeir betog « u vayed tontwoOf people assembled Intoe adjoining grounds, who P ' wthiffsMytt-jraihave *Z!ZZX££Z2& an embankment to thirty third street, near Brmdway.struggle,andavigorouscontestwinbewagedbetween sandedhvCant.A.ECarr.ThreeoftheIndiansareI"jSt^u^to^ttomlra^S theycover themselveswtththeaktootahogUntitled DocumenthVwF a * ^ * ^^^p« ^a>aai^Bafftft#eto the g s j t t f too aJtoged inauranc* frauds, to eonnecttoa wtth toe lose of toe barkE, A, w u continued yesterday morning, before Justice Connolly, at the Jefferson liarket Police Court.de^sosed as follows:—I have known Mr.Ped^ajaaforelgh»t)rtmyeara;I have been »clerk to hto emptoy, and from time to time have had businesswith him; exhibit No. 86 ia not in my hand , It was not made out by my direction; I did set seU a carriage to Mr. Pedrajas on toe 28th of May, 1800; 1 never sold him a carriage; never sold him a double setor any set of harness.am a broker, and do business at No.73 Beaver street, I have lived in New York shout eight or tea years;I have been out of too city; I wss spoken 88 by soma one la reference to becoming aHV isNaw OiOBaas, Sept. 5,1880. that > nwaisiia'amiiinto In favor ef toewllassswbo;Idoa't recoBect whether any one showed mo tha e»hlbjt before today or not; would no', swear that it hahi thtocase, hut 1recollectrivea tn thto city on Thursday mcreme the flash inaa.TheGovernorwillremainhereforecwmsaysBndwtlLlsi aUprobability^vat toe chy of Gnaymsabsrbre bW rotsThe Court here announced that the hour of adjournment had arrived, and wished the counsel would fix upon somefiUlitary Intelligence.CARDS' LAFATBTfB, TOTY-FIFTH KEOIMSNT.d e n ttheXTSSltaVZPZ * £ ttb*ta«Tto?TwM Fatat CaseAitrm —Coroner Jhtfnwan head an inquest tbeir council *£•*> ; * a t o e iy m&» east ofat tbe Mow Test Hospital upon the body ot PhoaetleBrown, a colored girl about four years old, who died fromthe effecto of Injuries accidentally received on Wednesdayby her clothes eelchtog fire at a stove. Deceased, It ap- Eoiml toto "tar, erected to toe godlet: their worship,fS^VummakaBi, whtoh they consider toe higbeat point of*•"" T^r'dance^he^.f^^stance. They dance the dance or deprecation until morn- ing, interspersing their bacrhamrtoa revelry with the •teat bideouahowla and indescribable mnllartogn and imprecations. Here they vow vengeance against all their enemies, here they pledge anew their fixed rmolotice to plunder and lay waste the property of toe whitand, If necessary, to take life to carry out theirdesigns They believe to ao religion, hope to nrection, bat worship a annaease being whom they call tbe:afl>eat Captain. They have no nigh aims of vmloror gleam and no intellectual or moral developement. Tbe fuffley regard aa a tutelar deity, glowing with hope and admiration, and the pale faced moon they look upon ae an orbit worthy only of themxpectol wonder. They are de- voto of aJlreaaontog faculties, and ere governed entirelyl>ru» Fionr -Tbe Fort Bmnh iBaotoMhs 30th ult.states upon authority of a private totter from Fort We,ehita. that news bad been reastvwi there of a fight withUa^riM Indiana, to whtoh tojrty of toam were killed.The, me>re metfbyi coompanlea ofi wtoe Friurwst «»vTMalr7y., ona doutiynear toeinjMkyB^Fort^atov^rtrer. thatwere com- Z£?£1hi waaouite insensible. Tbejury.inrendering pede a troop of borsea or mules; sometimes'fotthaf •TtoTtowTSo*rM^toe satSw-Mtone, from view. He S 5 extricated for aearly fifteen mtoatea aftowarda,*by their animal instincts. Tbe Apaches are small In eta-tare, ham high cheekbones aad tow foreheada; they aretreacherous aad cmnmf, aad possessed of tM agility of amonkey; they are cat faced and snakelike when toemeelvea She is twelve feet • f l * * ^ * ' ^ they approach a corral of cattle or wish to stam-around, and the completely hiding theemployed in the comtruct'on Is composed of a light wooer framecoveredwith5s. toe wholecetyweighingstatw pounds. Bar weight w»B ada t of be rg carried artEKA1D.i*KKITfil ,1AM,= '""••'•"«><NEW* :umiiiw.in nilm mOM MEXICO.w*S**Jtogo ~msh st tram bt.'sse item to •m^kwyaarfwleft te stay a v i s t a , or pc .ceoST-tnJ?*?*^ p:«.d*r. TMy are «jpa*#.raontra,Tcey are goodVJItJL8)4 reac>rosa on a term at l o t BIB speed.They koto by the mane, andand tprtad toeasjsfajsB like aelection of ex President Comonfort to authority In Mexi toabouttobeprofmtoaed.'»Mo,, Sept. 8,1888.!, with 9an Francisco dates to the 13th, arrived here at nine o'clock ton morning.By a passenger from D Paso we get the foaowlng:-A revorltion to to progress to Chihuahua, to which toechurch party have bees successful. The liberal Governor and other executive officers have bam deposed, aad m mill aad data, mBey mdbusinessmmotthecountry,uponwhomtogbur-have not got it with me now; the original above toe month belongs exclusively to themselves. under toe cam ot phyatotam, audit to thought that tooinvolas now shown me to toe same aa the copy I have in my possession; the invoice waa toft in our office by Mr. d'Oraatrre; the invoice waa made out by Mr. d'Orguerre on sundry bills brought by Mr. Mills, and toe totter asked us aa a favor tost d'Orguerre should be allowed to make it ont from tbem; toe advance was made on this Invoice and oa toe vesselThey affirm that their title is dei ived as the descendants wounds of Eoxie will prove fatal. or the first occupants of the soil, sanctioned by the Kingof Spain at the time of toe Conquest, to of unquestioned validity, and wm always rscogatoed by UMVim Royalty of Mexico under Spanish rule. The Mexicans, on toe other hand, and Governor Peequeira for them, contendT E L E G R A P H I C .FTSOSiws, N. Y , 8ept 6,1800.The notorious Tern Kelly, who has had a chain an* ball attached to him for three or four days for attempting to .managed, during a change of keepers ton after- , to m t tbem loose, and started from toe hat shoptowardsaatoop lying at the prison dock, crying, "Come en boyal" HawmfCBowetby ttamer fftvotcer coo«<cSa, en beam toe stoop, Wftfvoaeaapo-tor the command of Abe aloop Bura^2f* JfuM^'mTweliTs^aw sad rrequeoted d^ork" .t the°hour *_**&. they ptoce ^d^^'an/otoe'rd^vU warlike charaouVsome me, and soaptolsa resting uw maim estB^tFpt J««ItarWes Ist8twVssIsswsmv^l^baftej' as|l^ft«»!> 4|"KPRICE TWO F.great crad'wd to tbe camT s d m fighter,if"^^* Jf^ « »»*«wof the Mexican army, ar.made tor the aloop a few minutes before one, and were laThomasShay,residing »i«*U^, , !2^^, ^^ homo No. 81 Boeeevelt street, got tots a quarrel ow tog totxnatn! their www.fultonhistory.com 