 I»IIL and Leather, Fish'Ih^to npta in.as state of New-Qranadian disturbances.member that several weeks ago, thrrounded.a remedyis allIt is the Retaliatory bill,forbiddingofthe sale tofrom the South and fromliair-TOBK, TOqcpAT,«WgjW,flJbxiM.CilmBBDBT nSIO HAUi-eosM un Dakcis bt ;t TiwrasB OaiDAaT..nrenMM(VminiUtrS,N<kailBroadway—Dub- OHAUS' SAUaBEt; JAToI Bnwlwar-TBS "Coc- SODPB.V eAUJST. Mo. HI Broftdiray-A«Aii Annengagements were restricted.The New Coofpromises.No more Btgnificant indication of the gene- ral deaira of the Republican Party to render the most fall and complete justice to the South has been afforded, thap is found in the articles wehavecopiedfromdaytodayfromthe Albany Evening Journal. The editor of that paper holds a far more prominent and influen- tial position in the* councils of that party than any other man in the Union who is out of highpolitical sagacity rarely equaled, he adds a ripe experience and a knowledge of the practical conduct of public affairs unsur-passed by tSat of any man now in public life. Wedded as he is to the fortunes of the Repub- lican Party, whatever counsel he may give can be prompted only by a regard for its wel-sorted to. Every indication of conservatism routed them. Others, with more probability, inquire into City affiiirs.office, wtiich has paid him about tfabtj-#«a thousand dollars a year.!•r Ob Pannaisi.MKW^a Of* the: day.ne aecOBd MHdon of the Thirtyssizth Congress coBOBicnced yesteiday ; and whatever may be thecolumns of thesebayaplaced uponcause,111 nmTiMimniiiiiifemuioa.office. To ajournals,expressionand afterthree yean and six "bonow^I^Kmt1o^elock. IntheHouse,afterthe"on SouTTXB,PresidentoftiieBankofflteBepiflBs' the pub-that the "^t take immediate action and call thato ward it off.to resume operations which would prove at least pecu-themselves. Theto^Cether GeorgiaBniresentatives yesterday passed thery 601, after an unsuccessful effort tobe remembered, gave a conspicuous place in incline therefore to the conviction, that theactual will result in the' Liberals campaignand that the fiunous Peter's pence voold h» The truth is, in this Chamberlaincy matter, revived? If the promulgation of ilie "ba^that a very well-meaning gentieman, as we . maculate Conception" carried ctee back to theLi^ht,Asphiwall yesterday,PMC. *, I860.The Crisis i» ThscourseofaShtrsinMezieo"^t biii5^i__i^_^ to MaSi^<^^!uS^ftAfftnM* KATKOKOmeeting of Congress in good temper, yesterday,Presidt nt elect into the attitude of moment to say that we are at last in sight of mittee of disgracefulBoard of it will be the minor, we repeat, is widely euMal. Supervisors,probablepresideimportantMr. Lin-vigor" to Mr. Plait's had called forth the remark.of the tiara would in a few short be re- yeanduced to beg alms of the fitithfrtl of bis flock,4iar,at«Mchalargenomberoftheleadingclergy- Ontheotherhanditmustnotbeconcededyearssea. The country was divided into bitterly the republic as the present internal dissen-The trouble is that tiie actors ianin of iMfFpf^il^^^*"^"*****^'*** wera pnsent, and took pait In the ezerdsea: A similar meeting will be lidd te^day, in Bev. Dr. Pom* Church, Univer- aity'iiiaca.Ameeting was called at Tremont Temple in BoatOB, yesterday ot those who sympathize with J^Ol Bitova and motun his fate, to discuss the."How can, American Slaverj be Abol- Aitjhe bOQi designated but few persons 'Land il majority of those proved to be onf the meeting. Biooikd 1 Unian man, was chosenthat an the blame in tliis matter is upon one side, or Qai all the concessions are to comefrom the Bepublicah Party. If fitgitire slaves bare been rescned at the North, nortl^em free- men have been lynched and exiled at the South. If we have passed Personal Liberty bills, they have been provoked by a harsh and vindictive Fugitive Slave law.lations very damaging to certain members of all the friends of the Union and them down with more destructive weight here- the City Government and some few othersPatv m 'and aBoth sections and each mustit will come from. We are not at all sur-prised, therefore, to meet the following para-graph from a leading Democratic organ of ventilates his sarcastic eloquence agahist allaotBtians ware '^'Tinr,justifylug liis execution and land.^ ^ ^WBAaiafAbott4ni]ata;incladhigJAiaiBl«rATH,7BAiiKB. Sahbou and Fun.Oocauwttampted to make thamselres beard, butconld not and the hall was cleared voeceed, finallyby tiw Police, by order of Hayor LtsooLi.than now then they were willing not only to give tiieirpaasedas wellthe reformer, Ex-Judge Whitino, now ei-Citydenounc-justprepared repairThe stiwner NortherntheMtkall., arrived at this portthe Ban Pnmcisco mails ot Nov. 10th andin tnaaon. The California advices have been an- tic^atedfavOverlandExpress.Thereisnochange TheBusikissEillxd. Ourreaders— men from the North and the lect positiveSouth not ultraists or impracticables, butArtisans' Bank.fromon with $822,119sections.Akothib Ticxrr-Sw—MDtiBpay into the atale Treasury the amormt of the debt due^Um^wSsS ,hel>Sci*a a bend aa aeeuityforthe - - Comity dafHfeltaLA rhig fii^t took dace soon after daylight yes- terdayBondngatBoll'sFerry,K.X,betweentwo father weiriits, known as Duma HoMOOur and WiLUAli^Aixx. Itwasinpiognsathnehours andtwestT-twominutes,forty-foairoundshaving beien fanAt bdbre the battle' was dtdded and vie- tory declared In favor of f!t.*M«. The stakeswen only 9100 a aide.In the Common Pleas yesterday, before JndgeDAi,T, a complaint on a note agabiat Mrs. C. M.SisOLAU was dismisaed, te Oonrt holding tiiatat•gBiaat the terror of fhresta,aiid the Uftodlah ment of bribes, Which have been broo^ to beampoaUmby tite knaves to whose ez- tiactioD he has been devoted. It is a that wehavenot an pitywhDe a Bepoblican Preside hoidi the kebn and (oUes the Oiip o( State.tte chaneter afal^aiiiiMk hn tMeadoae by ta^fg>* <.WT» the time it was made tiie defendant was ue wife f*-leetion ofshould be permitted to enter upon a career of we tmst she Powerstopayherdebts. Butto eaOfor eoaaiofEcwiHFosanr.lAowaslial>leforherdebts,RrsniBs'successor,somen~r4«i;Hrm ft ationforthemaking(rfthenote. TlieCourtof therightmanintheright(dace. s««•«4i>•tnaI>aL- Oyer and Temdiier adjourned, after swearingthe Press, taken in theBdchahav to oflbr flie vaeaatAtjausTin Scaau. ible ss SBch aC«fliM^nKm»- jurors, till Wednesday meniing. In the General Sessions, a large nmnber of sentences were passed,by weekly Mexicofive timeanamed convulsions, and peace andpiiiifiiis 4ai_n« amoDg them was tiiat of the Ucket-swindler, ;fiifiliq&B«i at tto towMt iBMnHDBST, to Sing Stog, for two years and stx months. A deai-mute burglar was sent to the;yetremaining in the Union..immj- aag|Batlm most smmt><»*<ti>ii|ftiin>iw.of DisMiion.There is no miaUUng the fact that there isa concerted plan on foot among the enemiesof the Bepnbllcaa Party, to bring it and the prophetic office. It would sCem safe at this ings had yesterday before the Special Com- discharge of his dnties as rnMontei,House of Beiuge.The Stock Market improved on advices of thesnd closed firm, New-York Central 7«| ^ cent. fe Oa, The Bsnk return shows a steady Specie AvCrage, and an addition, by recent understanding, of seven inliUonstotheLoansandDiscounts. Noaltera-tion in Money or Exchange rates.Flour, Wheat and Com again declined and werein- moderate request at the reduced rates. Limited UMU MJfMMWBtbyiXn—'taM 6tns litnu. transactions were reported in Provisions, Coffee, Bice; Tallow, Oils, Naval Stores, Metals, Hides,rtBKAIftX—FmaAH—Wauaok or thi Strgars and Molasses attracted rather more atten- tion. Whisky was heavy and cheaper. Hay and Hops were moderately iamiired for. The freightSouth^has been excited to the highest pitch of for- the Liberals, under similar circumstances, County Pun^s. It is now admitted that of the act of supreme foS^freozy, by parading before her peopid every ex- have gathered about the capital before, and County money, Chamberlain Platt holds to- the closing months of bis teim. It'* pnt^e^BMi tit events hereafter, ther^ certainly was Uf fare, as essential to the welfiire of the countryicypursue,occupiedcapitaltie iadiBitian on the first day that anything extra-<ndilM^-(*f* espectad'to occur. The only things wUeh coold lead to the ^supposition that any ac- tMBHtuI of the oidbaiy course was loolied for, wan the unwonted stilbiess which pervaded theat large. What he says, therefore, on the con- dition of the country, deserves the attention which it is sure to receive.Mr. Wekd has stated his opinion of the crisis thus :"the difficulties of his position and wisdom, as jara, was at the latest advices in full march excited orator, as he scattere,d the contents of of the Uunited States for very many yean,1. There Is Imminent danger of a disaolatlon of the Union.whole of"system political corruption"which Mr. Cobb's vacant seat in the CaUiMt tocrowds inthe ^ and the presence, for the first time, no President elected theCqitoW oo^aithataading laUarilPithesuffocating2. This danger originated in the ambition and cu- ——people publishedTpuiff IQnisteis showing the deep in- pidity of men who desire a Sonthem despotism tnrnat leb by the B^omatic Corp* in the pending in the fanatic zeal of Northern AtnUtioiilsts, whoseek the emancipation of slaves, regar<Ue«s of conse-ctiaii. The South Caxolinm Benatois, of course,wen abaeot ;.. but the members of the House from 3. The danger can only be aVerted by such modera- that |H^ ware in their seats. The Senate did tion and fbrtiearance as will draw out, strengthen andits under the would be a selecticni oninenQySaturday, is in a state of the loweist demorali- not origin, system inaugurated aasWerivf«faB;disregard partyquences.believe the ItLecompton gotpA, wonld, per-the slightest value. But there —of men in every Southern State —House, friends. Mr. Fenninotoh haswhen one of the CommitteeSouth Caro- lina not excepted who will look upon dis- union as the greatest calamity that can befall them a^ well as the country at large, and who will do everything in their powerand excitedThe Republicans of the North bound to strengthen their bands and aid their efforts, to the utmost of their power. It is for them, and not for the dis- union conspirators, that measures of concilia- tion are designed. A,nd the Republican Party should not hesitatelto go to the very extremewhich and to theirjustice fidelity principleswill permit, in giving them practical assuran- ces of their loyalty to the Constitution and their determination to respect their rights.given no offence to Mr. Whitino, whose smallare induty" technicalobjectionbeinghavebecause ofa grains instanceof*'thatcomplaint its ownscheme of conciliation may be offered must take due account of both sides, and deal fairly and justly with bothpolitical corruption,"toas insist upon reparation at the hands of theother. Andanyremovethebolts andhold public view the pecuniary proportions of the.. *>,iiWifJI^^^^BiWT^"^^r^^^^^'^'s^:5SP^^^"^^^f^"'"^"??^B^?5^^are thousandsoff the Lib-But nothingis less Mikaxon would thus be left pursued probable.Republicanwrongs,thatMississippi" The Natchez Fret Traderto—Tns Wae CoMitENCED. The House of As- theliltyi«Ha^^.^piii^ggtitMLiiM^j^*iM^'Capt.— men of force and to Sikq Sinowho will bewhich he will be sur-his Northern creditor ; her bond for it, payablewhen hostilities are over."same end. But to day, when fliewill re- to theThe first that occurs to Mississippi, as sembly in Georgia ha—s passed what is styled City is attacked,hadficientmanin the United States Maishal'a manyspuriouscrises,thatwegroifineredn- Unionlongbeforeberdishonestandshame- moreidiaaeemiakeOoove^tloBWU^J*?zoffice.Alittleoftherealdeterminationwt^ichlousinthepresenceofrealones. HewonidlessrepudiationhadbFong^tdiieiedituponaU toasaembto,andwUdiwfH»-—fanaticism,policy," we need <'/wiipTai»«»ii«<m»equally fearless and ef-presentsioin eveiy respeet, if Misstssipptquit tiie are piesmningact We Aan taav»taShas eflTectually destroyed the ticket-swindling be a sharp chrpnologiat who could enumer- the States Wt fegret to say, there U delegates chosen nxpfsesly to desl togetUfer,wt& a^business b this City, would soon put an end ate the times, aince January, 1868, when the no way in which she 6aa possibly be released formidable issaas of ttedqr.to that other more detestable crime which thederangements of that unhappy Republic were from the Union now. If she could assumesafetosay.the prophecyhasbeenrepeated, favororhonorontherestofibeStates,bydo- shipoftiieTreaanry,itisthetatet[o««i6lowners of slavers now our carry on fromon the eve of a scdution and when that era the ;Secretorrshq^aftkelamor, mdBeiaaOf mOunUki to ai'^.State, ishe Witt impunity. Let us hope that in the se- was about to dawn when a vexed people would speedily lie compelled by foreignTactics of the EneMr—Their Enconrage-within theperiodand— doing,Ahstixd sad ^'•"trttatmtis still inof thecourse met with the cordial approbation of histhe Committeeabuying eral leaders may be repeated.politicalthe same course. Each of thesesug- gested a belief that Mr. Whitino's client wouldovercoln will follow these precedents.as well as thebis Cabinetwith the fullknowl-toedge of the fact that he belonged to an entire-lypoliticalphilosophy.The giving place bynegotiationsinto the "claimforPeter's wellremindnsof pencemayJxFrxBSOK,purpose, exigenciesbyequaland his thatthe of experimentportposition of an independentA peaiancere-DMUM and that tlien waa tiMefen no aofficient considsr- gard may be had to the principle of putting peaceflil industry and prosperity. It would be will not suppose that she is conferring either the TetliiBm«it''of Mr. Oan.frgii 1it is by CathoUce—advance towards her; and Lenauovemment troops by British mail steamers from ling emigrants. Ward and Gubikt were dis- ft^e labor elements in this country, there can to whom her debts are due ;—she holds to wisdom and good sense which characterizes jfAPOLEON, who could, If he wtxdd, ««»e tbmone point to ancther4s loudly condemned by the Bev-dnoonists, and Oov. Nmo had forwarded to Lord charged under the ruling of Jndge Ebss«U, be no necessity for legislation to prohibit the the principle of equal and exact injustice, the conduct of the Secessionists. If it did not poor—ee per-and GiLBiaT wereparing for a decisive battle. The transportation of arraigned in the General Sessions, for swind- that from the vantage ground occupied by the are heirs to. It makes very little difference bor. This is a fair specimen of the general EmanuelIt is rsptnted that both President Obfiha. and thesonsSmiTBcasT, Wabd,As to measures, we haveindicatedNorthern men of theproductsGeorgiala-Napleslevohioonaiy chief, Mosquika, were actively pre-already—anything,JOB|i BtrsBKLL a protest against this act of interven- white Smkthckst was convicted, certainly not extension of Slaveryand theand all alike. As a matter of threaten serious results, the whole movementfeeble successor of HiLBMatan, ia i ferentorinexorable. YetaUflieaeareiassumption dogmatically uponin AJaOItT, yesterday by the Northtnt Light. tenced until yesterday, when he was sent to and when its effect must be to alienate distinctions. The extent to which she has would sustain, even if it should never again or at the shadows of those so soon to role thardenUfiaanrB, of Bkaragua, had reestablished pect of affairs among ua. We confess to a with a Pro-Slavery Administration in power, Trader : effect upon the materialthe ea9itad.«ClhatB«iublic at fill^itfal tyrattiy pMraHs.when we sec bulliesandswindlersbroughtwithinthegrasp theextensionofSlavery" The idea of more Mississippi Bonds is rather pe- em States, but because it indicates the tem- the proud command of a few yean haeki ttatlargeportion,ifnotama- theInheritorofthepapacyandUaadviaanIn Costa Bica our cosaspcndant asserts that the mostof pleasurablea Wilmot PtovIbo was necessary to preventbut that time is now past, so far as the present limits of the UnionManagua.feelingsurprise,them both;but a of the Church. What hope, tiien, fintloB.'The United States steam corvettefionOfeUao, arrived at Panama on the^2dult., rulinghaTiaccn' board Bon. J. B Glat, United States Counsel for defence having proposed to move the legislative assertion of a latent constitu- creditor to cheating oneof her.own citizens,MidHcaKfeto, ta& funOy. Mr. Clat arrived for a new trial, the prisoner was not sen- tional principle, when no emergency calls for though she never stands upon such trifling the North will survive the deprivation it trembling in the Vatican at liis own shadev,Wyoming, in accordance with theof the Court that M^. Lincoln will insista —be asbroad farce. We think it quite possiblewho sitshis sevenor iThe B«wa Boin the diBarent South AmericinKe- it, onlypubUea is miimportant Frmn Salvador, in Cen- Sing Sing for the term of two years and six the two sections, presupposes that he is as de- carried this propensity is very clearly stated receive a single article of Georgia production.tnl AsMtiea, we laam that magnificent funeral months. We cannot help congratulating our- ficient in right feeling as in common sense and by the Natchez Courier, In the following com- Still this action of the Legislature has a olics will supply his coffers as tlie CathaUoa cm aiitnrtathad bem celebrated m memory of the selves and the public on the brightening as- There was a time ments upon the proposition of the Free good deal of Importance, not on account of its did those of the Popes ten centuries Sfo ?late at«|gi|Mt MoxA, of Costa Bica. Prea- political sagacity. when, wealth of the North- This appeal is but another propC ereaBha;very jority, of the peoplehave noof the ereataor of tbahave not been;of the law in this City where they hare flour- ship Caioieia we are in possession of advices ished 80 long.iramaHWa^^t' ,** <"' The present crisis If the examples set in the cases of Es- ministration will neither extend its in Uie Union was being mtently watched and hadciesled great excitement in Havana. The Sugar BioHT, GoBDOH and SuxTHUBST shall have the to the propagandists of Slavery, nor seek the counsel fees-was sued upon that claim—judgment dom which Georgia will bring to the settie- among relics of antiquityBfa»«Tiral at this pottyesterdayof the steam-of themarket««squiet. effectofterrilifingothersoftheirclassfrom acquisitionofforeignterritoryforthepurpose obtained—andthosejudgmentsremainunpaidtothUtheir mentofsectionaldifferences,wemaywell itselfbutarelic;andtheironlyresourceVt.Vam^S- ^"3 *•pursuits,thecommunityshould ofextendingit,therecannotbetheshadowof hour."onia despair cf the success of all attempts in that danger, is to dig up out of the past anothefCityChamberlain their aad,^o«|b»_Oonnty Treasurer, appeared yester-•iMjrit^'-^-Jf-veiffnillegalSo far as we are aware, the citizens of Mis-those who a necessityvisors Qpointed-to inquire with regard to the in- have been chiefly instrumental in ridding us conservative, stand-fast policy is all that is sissippi pay their privatethe Committee of not fail to express its gratitude Super-toforlegislationdebts as promptly direction. A State which begins liy cutting relic, just as previous Popes werewont to use to pn^ npthe subject. Aprosperity are still strangers to its people. Hazardous as it therefore is to resume theto those vrtM, untattnaUfy fn t^nsehvi, 'well as that high sense of justice for which on the city, designing to force the controversy a jug of water over the stagebis political opponents give him credit,|will to a termination. accordingly did in the top galleries and pit,^peraggsegate,ing wliat none of us can prevent her from.thedisowning the principles and policy to which a genuine and unmistakable crisis. It is not seen that the City Ciiamberlain still adheres to and has received and aee^tanee in iilif|i»they stood pledged before the country prior to merely because the Liberal armies are gather- that line of technical resistance which has al- more likely fiian say other to know tiie PMp^tlie e'ection. To this object, the ing about the capital, wherein the last re- ready done so much to shake the oonfidence of ident's intentions. We sfawoa^ litfSl accomplish «mhj^most impatrioUc means are<resorted to. The mains of conservatism have taken refuge ; the public in the security of the City and ever, for Mr. BfrOKAXAX's Mat, thMt -M M^b^wf^travagant speech and writing of ultra Aboli- scattered without bringing the cause they day in his hands within a fraction of two mil- tiiatMr.SouLLhas alwa^atn itnmHTPoeim. demand, though buyers hid any existing advantage. tionists asdlncansiderateBepablicans ;. while disputed to a settlement. It is only a year lions of dollars ; that for this vast amotmt supple acquiescence to ordos tat Om tSpices.Cotton wasIn slack7Mfe|iB|iBi|'|g|||i!the wise,' just and conservative views of Mr. ago, that in overwhehning force, and with of ready capital he pays no interest whatever ; ing of refiractoty subordinates ; hb iall'i LiHCOLN himself, the broad and national policy DzooLLADO for. a leader, and strong assistance and that up to this time he has utterly, refused hesitated to levy paity-idisplayed in the Chicago Platform, and the from the veteran Alvarez, they had cooped to give those bonds required by law for the unsparing hand ; he was toremo^, in tlie nyska' moderate and judicious expositions of the up the desperate Mibahon in Mexico, and the safe-keeping of the amounts Intrusted to- him of the SecedeiB, both at Chadestat aod.^lW- - party's principles and aims, which its leading seige, famine, and desertion appeared to be as County Treasurer. With reference to the more, under orders from WashbgtoB; —f organs have put forth, before and since the exterminating the beleaguered army. Yet, City funds proper, Mr. Platt declined any form the skull-injury, under whidi he stOI aidhnL election, ate carefully withheld from Southern like the host of Sennacherib, the beseigers of answer, either under oath or upon mere was doubtless received in the "Katiswil eyes. To intimidate the President elect and were found to have vanished one bright morn- assertion, his cotmsel, Ex-Judge Whiting, In- cause," as understood by Mr. BvoRAVAa. Bat his friends, the same arts of suppression and ing. Some said a miserable and inadequate terposing the technical objection, that the Sn- all these admitted services and exaggerationofSouthernsentimentarere- tortieofthereactiopistSatTacubayahad pervisors,asaCountybody,hadnorightto amplerecompense,wesubmit,inhisand love for the Union which is given l)y the Southern people, is carefully excluded from thealleged that the leaders had been corrupted It is not one of the least «mnslng changes with clerical gold, and that the affair at Tacu- of political life, to see Ex-Judge Whitino nowwhile no treason-no of sectional an- be the arm of flesh now out- graceful business. Time has been when thu of Secretary Cobb's persistentis to fall unhonored into the imosity, pegnittedstretched the byLiberals,trfttPsmsnaWf and large financial experience in *'•' nfisn irisaunlessother considerations arguing in the same di-there bewalls of the old Bowery Theatre rang and rang"not In power, but in office, to face the united give the same answer to a question whetherGovernments with ex- under oath or not." This certainly was aselected distinguished political opponents to hausted resources, a wasted army, and with compliment to Mr. Platt, and should have would have dared prophecy that tiie wearerSpeakers, thoughelectedbyNorthernvotes,wrath of theEuropeanthe Constitutional Army in fullfar older one set by Washinston, who, it will niarily profitable. The chances all strongly swornCommittees.securing the capital, and the intestine quarreldifferent school ofstances not dissimilar to those which Mr. reclamations from these loans " made by the Artisans' Bank at theto difficultFather of his country was placed in circum- Foreign Powers for the settiement of endless any public investigationLincoln is sarrounded. He was about tolaunch the Ship of State upon an unknown sequela ofcivil war may prove as ruinous to hardjy fail to produce, if thoroughly car-ried out honest and men, reve- by competenthostile factions, and he felt the of sions but to them would necessity ; postponeonly bring'forher sovereign cure forrepudiation.the ills that States'ts, and answered the ques- of a grevious nuisanee. No person has been now necessary to secure every foot of the pub- and as honorably as those of any other section herself off from a market for what she must the fragments of Pagan templesHe statea tnat there Countyof the State in this respect has been infemous beyondChristian edifices.But dilapidationliJB.deoeiited with him asconductor on thestarve, does not shed lustre any special_ lat there was no agreementgreat principleself-government. I«e^»Iittuieproceededtoo farmore zealous In the pursuit and prosecutionlic domain to free labor. The laws of politi- cal economy, and tlie spirit of a free and pow-Untitled Documentof the Union. But the publicsell•J^ Purs I^X•of these lawless swindlers than Capt. HABrrofwWdi i^^niMBt.POT interest on county monies the MetropoUtsa Police, Be hiw b«en proof eriU peoi^e, wilt be til soiBclent to this end, description,—bythingJttm,the Stateof toIssue MississippifiOMtion af the Uniosi wUiIt wonld have twente better for the country, prindito aaa peiitkwioaierStkto^rilM^^aiqrrniHIIweetoagain, to the fierce denunciations of " officialThe impudent attempt of sbmi-disunionists rection, which may justify a flash of confi- corruption" poured out by Mr. Whitino, who is to be intimsted with the revenaes at tka -oblivion which it merits.and traitors to dictate to Mr. Lincoln the pol- dence. Liberal troops have for some weeks was then laboring under a delusion that he Union. Some such man ss Senator Snragi^.he shalland the Cabinet he shallThe was running for Mayor on a " of Yirglnia, who has been at the liead of the reform-party"the suburbs uf theselect, will fail signally. He fully appreciates army which had just triumphed at Guadala- pair of wheels. " Let It rage," 'shouted the Committee of Ways and Means in the Senate; —would seem the mostThe City Chamberlain Again.By reference to our rpport of the proceed- have had occasion to notice Mr. Bammt.'MAt all times, btit'more eq>ecia4f inttte] but the excuse of laboring so zealously to screen and keep out ent agitated and distracted condition atwas not theable utterance, no extravagance of Pro-Slavery their retreat. At all events, no reliance can of public view the Mayor's part In this dis- country,appointee, all things considered; or Mi. BnoHAaaa atl^t to him the and of a But for the real cause of we Ae to w]{ile the eloquent and earnest Mr. WHrrurQ pay a gracefiil and substantia^ co(a{finieat1tebyand since Washihqtoii he wjllduty propriety towards (he South. We feelhopesuggestconciliatory policywuranted'in believing that he will do what MON, as represented by our correspondentproclaimed an undying vendetta against that the Union sentiment of the coantry, by oOsr-look within the City walls. Thehas done whose letters were in the Tixis of he denounced as having had its perihelion, if Alsxandkb H. STBPRiaB (rf' Georgia, ntoT"**Ht bSTtHid iha appcnntment of the usual Com- combine the Union sentiment of the whole country." tions and the patriotic portions of all parties its provisions unequal to a siege of six days. of the Mayor, and not specially on accotmt of CHANAN, under the chastening rod of »*'-**'».Each of these statements will command be at the council board. The military chest entirely exhausted, and the Mr. Chamberlain Platt, that such strenuous atittaaa to notify the House and the President that may representedto expect at Us hands any sdection so ptvf^.:'CHANAN, at this late day, would think of taU^ out, at the time of Mr. Iptohis Cabinet a gentieman only known Im. 4lnw {Ik seats. Mr. WjOBBOasx, of Maine, as he will meet with more general favor than the confidence of the people, voted and acted with garding the animated protests of the British Platt's appointment, that the new Chamber- politics as tiie personal friend and eonfideiliiai wiB vaeakf his s^ on Jan. 1, to assume his duties last. While the great mass of the people his political opponents. He will therefore have Consul and of every Foreign Minister, and es- lain wonld pay interest on the funds deposited money-adviser of Judge Docslas. As betweea as OlwailMil of tint State, was, at his request, ex- of the North were perfectly contented no alternative but to select the Southern mem- pecially of the Spanish Minister, in whose cos- in his custody. Non-payment of interest was ScBELL and Soutteb, however, tlie Bank Presi-— who tbe''il6liaB was postponed, while the members Missouri Compromise. The first proposition who are known to fame, or who command the the British Legation to get at it and disre-damagingcaaad^&onv.aecvitag on the Committee of Ways and with the Missouri Compromise while it was from the Mc«»»« Hr. Gkow again renewed his motion in bers of his Cabinet among the most liberal todymade the pretSxt for Mr. Stoct's removal, and dent would certainly be the least objeetioaa- this was everywhere regarded as a promise ble appointment. If all ideas of statesman-'had beenctentood-^at-the President's Message would not itate to propose its readoption. If those by himself to the charge of administering the It could only have been in a spirit of desper- that Mr. Platt would act on a more liberal ship and enlarged political knowledge sia toiiiifiiaii ~to the Homestead bill ; but it being un- suffered to stand, very many of them will hes- and patriotic of those opponents, or subject away.be iai;)jiga he gave way to a motion whom it Was abrogated, and who thus made d.BBffl.^day,themselves responsible for the present condi-Government in a sectional We cannot spirit.which saw the endpolicy towards the City.It has been s^d that men who change frontbe ttirown overboard in the seleetisB of A*to ad^MBD, whicfa #ugentiemancarried at 1^ o'clock.In consideration of Ae remarkable good orderwhich he willof the North Were led toThe Re-—have to foot the bill, that so and violent in public life are always bitterest and most of the Union at this crisis, tiien bjr sll ition of the country, see fit to present it as the and the kiid feeling exhibited in both Houses of basis of renewed peace, we believe it woulddaringthis policy, on the part of Mr. Lixcoln, prior a robbery could have been committed. The causttc when attacking those who still remain give us a man who has at least had a- Congress jesterday, the hope has gained strength at the natianal e^dtal that the calamity of disnn- ioi^ ^ay \>e averted. Those liolding extreme 8o<l(betn views, even, appear gratified at the mani- feetatiOM, while those engaged in perfecting plans for p^dfication are encouraged to proceed. The DUNlt^linve doubts, however, are expressed with nfannce to the portion taken by the President in his Massage, though the latest accounts, given on the Uwrllj of Oie Congressicual Committees who viated him, state that he takes strong Unionbe accepted. But we haveof their willingness to go further.without reference to thesitions which he has made, Mi*. Wkid's sugges- tions are of the highest importance, as showing a willingness, on the part ol the Republicans, to do anything and everything which can fairlyfaithful to the old creed and traditions. The er's acquaintance with the art of "book- for very marked and utterly unwarranted rude- keeping by double-entry." Mr. Schbll, weThe doubters go so far as to intimate that Mi.'BMkuiab, rather than take a decided stand MojfuA the Boutti, will resign, and deliver up the looa d Qovemment to Hr. Beickinbiogi. The BepuUiean members of Congress, it is under- stood, isld an informal meeting last evening, at widm the unanimous sentiment was in favor of iSjaqmo"-dae. The latest advices ftrom TexasIStatetoberipe forsecession. The'. HOVBTOHinrefusingtoconvenethe , was the cause of a great deal of dis-1,'aQd it was thought— no concessions can be made that would be ofventured the prediction that the Pope offtnasegrooad.make i(a provisims more stringent. The pream- ble gad resolutions proposing a conference of tlie Soothern BUtes at Atlanta, on the 20th of Febru- ary, was made the special order for to-day. Theytalu strong ground in iavor of the final setthmttnt of all sectional questions, and object toof State. atf^0ftlf!liaikaaibe part anyHMIKMaathK in beltalf of the Union was itmSemy^jma C^xacb, lladia<>ii-siinaie, yester-years to bring about just this state of thingsdogma l>eli^ dispensable to salvation, and, wtiat is msra^ succeed in thrusting the dogma into the ac- cepted creed of Catholic Christend«n. Yetthe men of this generation have lived to see suchacircumstanceoccur. Bntwlio,whea the Papal power seemed thus triumphant;But,specific propo-men andwe remember toof the RepuUican and Party,ness of Ex-JudgeWhitino towards hisoldDisunionists those who have been aiming forIt will be remembered that Sj^aker Banks, name of Miramon and Company. The fear, Committee to recall him to the factswhen similarly situated, acted on this liberal founded on previous experience, might in- and the law. He made a proposition that Mr. would announce a new of as in-veryserious doubtsIt was freely and confidentiyloans and the thefts of these Mexican banditsdoubtas tochoose.ing,publicansanticipateto the election. proclaimed, duringthecampaign, by leadingare it is well not,public account.understood, exclusively The Chief and his immediatesuspect, if appointed, would be obliged to have recourse for a few days to that adver-presses"havenocircle of adherents are found toreforming" associate. andat mayseengrow ;rich asconlradietion ofit in any quarter. The party, therefore, may the wants of the country increaseinstructor inBroadwaywho offers to "ation,Who is to administer theas hecertainly approach- and that a constitutional successor wouldmoneyplaced,bore itarmyof Mika-xation. Discontent, jealousy and insubordina- by Fxbn/ndo Wood."the fitness of things;" bnt asMr.flines in the selection of a Cabinet. Hetake some of the best men of his own politicalviews, and some of the t>est mein among his increasing at a startling rate. The defences Chamberlaincy business, Mr. Whitino mastopponents, into his Cabinet, so that all sec- of the city were untenable for lack of men ; have well known that it was at the dictation haps, be hoping too great a change ia Mr. Bv^(will/But yesterday, and on previous days, in thishad the temerity not to believe^ ottion were universal ;desertion to the enenty]Another mmorarise relates to the practical m&astires by course will be pursued, from its obvious pro- tive and foreign capitalists failing, sim- thorough investigation. The fact that no In- dispatches points to Hm nsme at Jas- T.wafa tndy to-proceed to business. They ad- general assent. The only qnestion likely toWe feel warranted in assuming that Ihis usual resort of a forced loan upon na- oppoEitlon had to be offered to anything like aconveyedin ourWaaUagtaawhichthe<if ScOtjing Committeea, to corres- ance" can be displayed. Mr. Wun suggests the Northern section of the Union. No slave- from those quarters, Mulaxon had taken lic money in the Chamberlain's hands, in this City, as the possiUe snccessor of Xr.requisitemoderationandforbear-priety. The President has been elected by ply because the last drop had been squeezed terestofanykind ispaidp«ad«i&ftoaepftheSenate,Hr.6sow,ofPenn- suchanamendmentoftheFugitiveSlavelawas holdingStatehasvotedforhim,andthe astepwhichweconceivetobetherealtest reflectsnodiscreditonthelatePresidentof Cobb; butthislooksnotonlyinqnrobshlee» s^ftsaaia cded op a motfcm, made last session, to shall impose upon any county where a number of those who sympathize with him in of his critical position. He iiad seized the the Artisans' Bank, who, as it now turns out, its face, but has somewhat ttie sir Of a dstt- nearijii^ fl^ vote by which tlie Homestead blU fngitive slave may be rescued, the pay- that region is exceedingly ^mall. The great money of the English bondholders, amounting was never asked to pay any ; but it does tell erate canard. It is not likely tiiat Mr. B»-—waa teftned to the CommUtee of the Whole, but ment of his TaIue,-;-and a restoration of the mass of Sonthem men, including nearlyJail to a million of dollars breaking the seals ofbe said to have stood committed to it on the this moment, in all probability, a large pro- The learned and epigrammatic Ex-Judge not teach the quoted mystery in six easy lea- day of election, and its obvious wisdom and portion of the money which is expected by the only lost the gossamer thread of his argumentand justly be asked at their hands by the justice forbid the idea that it will be departed doubting and hoping creditor in' Lombard- more than once, but also lost^his temper, with ITnion men —of the Southern States. For the from. street, is safely invested somewhere in the every attempt made by the members of thePeter's Pence.A few years ago one would hardly haveand unsectional policy in the constitution of deed be prompted, that with these fundsPlatt should answer certain " but questions,not under oath," becoming perfecUy indignantwithforce certainly gaveagainst Mayor Wood,Supervisor Blunt,be taken as an illustration of this truth. tising;rageitandbelieve the City Chamberlain to be, is now be- Trent and of the with ing used as a shield by the Mayor to ward off days of Councils of Nice,conciliatingthe Constitution. This is precisely the con- after. Let us, therefore, expect cheerfully a high in public life. It is with this view, and A revival of the old Greek Diattia In Few-dition in whichijiePresident elect finds him-crisis.TheStateofMississippi.If anything especially disgraceful is ever tothis view only, that resistance is made to allattenipts at inquiry, whether by the Clearing-self, and with the illustrious example of Wash-inoton to guide him, and to give dignity andcharacter to his obvious policy, he will not hesitate to pursue it with a firm consciousness of its rectitude.Butifwehavenotmistaken the character of Mr. Lincoln, he will not be driven by the clamor of his enemies to make up a CabinetMea with strict attention to the tidelof political negatives or fossils.He will se-pence to save the sepulchre million to devote life,of Aldermen, or the Supervisors' Committee bedone,wegenerallyknowinadvancewhere anditispracticallytopreventtheexposureofwhowoulddies for the times. It proposes that each debtor shall skeleton contained in the closed coffers of the the infideU, but they went in person by the:upthe tutpemim of the payment of Northern debts as one of the reme-proposesof Christ fitna and blood, and toil, t*repudiatestaste she would prefer cheating foreign could scarcely regarded anythingculiar.- She issued two sets, and repudiatedshe was sued In her own courts upon them,had Invited suit, and judgment rendered against her,and has done more (o damajfc; after sheperinwhichaareto deal with the gravest questions which havecountry.ut crown the whole, we understand, after she employ- ever been presented to the nation for adjust- able to conform themselves to the exigeneiea patronage ed counsel to defend these suits, she repudiated their ment. If this bill is a specimen of the wis- or emergencies of tiie present they liveare concerned. And since a Republican Ad- and she has repudiated payment-of the judgment:andspiritTbiejof Weaiefuc t;om reg&rdiug tUcthis timefiild, U. U? eqde^Tora to oonstructyW wliit ihMofGeorgiapreparedappreciationpolitical Uie Crusades. History seemd; indeed, only tobe traveling In a cycle, when events are thaa repeated that occurred nearly a thonsaad^years ago.these events, although they perform on the same stage, are not inheritors of the peeoliarYork would ancceed now, eventiMmgb hardlyhouseCommittee,theCommitteeoftheBoard gottenupofcostumeandproperties. Andai^iedae-tion of flie play of "Peter's Pence" in the Nineteenth Century will haidly have flie saaaesuccess that attendedthe original perfbrmanoe oftheplay. EightortencenturiesagomoaH«^ Catenaarising protractedof contention. It is possible these time of Mr. Platt's appointment. Tills could;that Pope,amonghiUa,powers of their predecessors.were ii^ earnest aboutotherthings;theNorth.and Piedmont Gawbalm and TnteaVatican—what for him tiiat other Cath- hope;'and ;.mpnsndsCa]ItiwM.ah)il||||;iown Is power — ^' = i'-'-i>"TffnrfSifi-iiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comt/niisfiijititmm -•'-'i-