 Ianyprohibiting their'> ''"'percentsin locomotivebalongedfirst of April, thereby losing one-seventhoftheseason.tiiesepartsshould >>e heavy. It is for cast-iron water-tower 199 feet high. The cost was are much more lilieral of money than the Repub- licans. I should have thought the contrary. Thnuftbecounterft:lterand bogus"Banker,.thatovcnake them going la the sane direction. They menced modeling and chiseling, and has already exe- systf m somewhat analUagousto that of the B«nk ot'and, intended for and nan'ow lua^jlins of the lake vessel U the loading of tb. caatl- day being specificbelieve that vaUdany objeetiBBargedta'Acyand beat. Each meieorologlcal change alters theirperceat. 'Tke gener.1wma the action of the Cornish engine snd ths criafcaad fly-wheel engine—which was smongtheelasticweuniformly may rest assured thst we shalltks Nsss-Tork IViiws.LoinsvaLS, Ky., Moadsy, Jan. n, ISM,FBOaiirrAH. ;,,-ft^«|H^.aCtba afaMS. It istraining at one time and too little prassurs atand work, two A another.quitean unusnalMdlitiB <Ntinches by 10 feel .troke; iron, 36 feet high from the floor ;pN^^istley have attained. Each uppermost. The wheels have a double flange, or which Is offered. The press of freight and the crowd only strengthened It, Heretofore retiring ud tlmhl, volver smA fired ; tbs shot atmek Hiootaa*!CMMTPraO WOTB«. ptoS B.Kl-e,mosemeBt of the air, bat to thro>ttl*a|U letom. This lafinemeat eased the Talvea by elasticity is the first popnlar and profesdooal bb-Cms.—PrtaclpiM •' *« Carwf^«««•• preMurewatMvengina,valves, it cansed a greaterpermanentthatacertainisdr*ttmwdtolr NswTeu,Frld.y,Jan.»,1880.IV Ms UftM- «r the Xn-Tsrk Hm%esIn the remarks which sr« made frota time to'Hie largest pnmplog-engine in thethe Jbr dr.lning the Barl.en. Meerworldhas »"°pause St the end of the stroke.Bnt it wasted thenecessary hifinitelybaps,batoertalBlyeaarealeat. HeIipalatiag mnmneentirbeenputB"°^'f"-by compression,be wt downthe said uniform levelconslvitlyvary-dtr. TtoDexiI.nie.ti. power tlie Brooklyn engineextentthat theamaogtalseonnlnrBMBBtbaaM, wbaa (bey bavaaain operation in:tims upon the present condlUoo and futoreworks are familisr to tbe pablic. The reear Ija-voir 1. In two apartments, baTijig a joint watarthecrank brt, but only from a elarticA. Kr. Rathord temarlced, in his Union speecht— aUWf! Am*.; its contents, when full, isjtOjOWfiMgallons.^bbdblitlpo by a tkiee-feet main, fire mile. long.foundation Therefore, perfect rigidity of founda-Is de- stimulatesana of 36 acresrigidIt i. connected with the citypastaad tbe traniporta-GasAiSawOnChrUtmas day the <ity wm throwa ij«*engine ^.t^|(,inVJ^ I* of the Comiah class, but different and thus it follows the water, witlunit tootheguidancetto'-thelatestportionofthestrokethe fdiat it had taken from the earliest portion,in-tbewholesixth num- period Of twenty ] ears) up to lbi6, when, from tbeand it isshould rather be laws enacted encouraging IL Ken- fatal. Thisstreetfigbt assumes a greater air of im-walui' »»1n.havingontHlard taken off theThey can't be Induced to wink at of anythingfor the efiect of of ezpansion.only unobjectionable, but itis a posi-.nototiooa Isadst. s^ tiafStifM <c«(iipensstingth%itasm DiagramsofthepressureinthepumpalMW a nearly equable pressure for the whole during which time 34,763 pounds of coal werethe lack of and laborers,burned, and 1,943,802 cubic feet of water were n» oOer end of the beam works the other pumped to a height of 160 feet. The friction,of 20 tons leakage, 4c., in the pumps and delivery-pipe wereDuring the season just passed it has been again in-On the rod is a counter->iiUek balances the steam piston, rod, link<i, crosa- itiSi Ac An air-band, 8 feet diameter and 20 feetand far tbe Feast.Of course, this Iswould have the country know that, on everything per tainlng to Slavery, It is the mouthpiece of all KenI^nnp.weightDslogsKenmckysentiment The Cornierstand, at tliis end of the frame Jtem it sustain tlie end of the gallery.and braces040poundsliftedone footby34,763poundsoftuckians, without distinction ofparty1Not soThen tbe kind ofEees ofthe Oaaites wax reqairadjb^^h,;previously for serernl years carried lessof our Bucbanlers. Like Mr. McRu, of Mississippi, to sever thefr windpipes. Bat their many bloody ac- "Wtaa rockshaft,aMhMaa.aLpistoD| which is such that the bumper ^froaches within a quarter of an inch of its seat, jatsaiy aeUooi touches.Ika Mkrea aie balanced puppet, drop; "A bypounds.heightTheof lift- of tbe water is 163 in the air-barrel is about 1;againstcauifes^comblnedtonnageof the a yeardemand is dally drawing off many most valuable slaves, we don't want their loss supplied by thedependsa bolt ; cut-off at ^ to i stroke. The tfaai of catting off is determined by a right-and-left aerew, ee^ adjusted while at work.Ota steam and exhaust pipes are 20 inches and;yetthe South has beentaught,bythe SoBih does not ask for a of those and repeal laws,chsfadsref lbs oonceraed if ba parties saeii,«hat-wlAlniwiagTbe greatest amount of tolls was collected la iSJl, since then there has been a falling oS—hut not in theshould not The Congress of these United States;nojarIs pro-trously infect her whole system of domestic Slavery as now existing.a foot in a minutepoonds. The discharge-pipe is S feet diameter and much, or 33,000 peunds raised a foot in a minute.four days to cool. Kailway Accounts.Suppression of Conaterfeit Banli BUli>theThe total weight of tbe engine, pumps, and all connected, is 450 tons.The building is designed to hold four such en-horse-power at ten t'unes asTlie large guns cast at Woolwich are allowed lantic thinks it can either break or impedefeet ;Suchby the laws of trade, '(more potent than ths laws ofpul^^on;We shall and if your little At-vicious ones of or VirginiaUaryland.alone,—3,400 feet long to the reservoir.stand together to the lastadvantages flnce tbe enlargement was commenced,which hss prevented any material Increase in tbelr those tx>ugbt up fur tbe Sdutbern markets. Thetrusiness, by which the State has lost millions, and a traders would accommodate even the tobacco-grow-heavyludunnecessaryburdenoftax.itlonimposed inginterestsinSouthernKfntuckv,withonlyno- pressionof23dinst.,1hadtiireepartiesinviewu upon the people and property of the State. Tne only account blacks from other States— diseased and crlj*- likely to be opposed to any alleranon in oiu presaat period of the >ear In which any work could be done pled, perhaps, and good for nothing but mischief. form of currency, and those were. Bank-note ae-gjoea. Another engine will soon be put in. It hasthe Times, as reported by the Railwaygrasp.You have seen and read Dr. BbecsIHRIDOE'sfree upwardnlaBBOOwwal.,«ite btbtkh o* nsMat&fVkeVsmaadPm^nf-Faiare Pnsfwtla-The OaaalaVBtrlr'^-^"-' two-tbleJa, aad— iacw'.««d1, eaiar,afcentujiy together.retsirding ; by diathdehing jection. exeladed becanse th« /aaarfa-.-'=¥*i«^'%wni to de allu "- IM rUa of fraigktB«ntby theirdsM^aat and ths Musiitbe.Bri«nDa-<ba I—tiom arethe same amounttion of a track which is notand we think thismean pressure of steam had to be through the means of a medium ofaT/Wrii—There is an important distinction be- ply impossible. If we decide to have aSi^haliIn the throw of the Mesmwhioh the caoiplstes? If it is true ofelastidty are aIsanehpalrai aadasheaaspower accumulated in the airiter•«ti.f«^rTte.t.h«been««?'«<*"^J*" partiallyrestrainedbythethrouling,tosuch fact—thentheattainmentof.nfOie.m.ctu.Jworking increasedfrom11,875to13,075poundsperinch.prospeeUTheir laellBattoa to tke ReappnUK «rIbeSlaveTrade—BatKcatackystUIfar ppporunltyofjadgtngwbatasMdebekMtakaaiaI^.jhw.ter exceed,it by164-10,, ,^ „ _ t ch.racter and location of the Brook-of the Erie Canal, tkcre Is exhibited a wast of great;its details from previous examples of muchpermanent way. Ibe utatlstics Of canal business Impboted City Bailwat.—Mr. F.H. Barthol- respectingdtmble-aeting,off In theeonclnslon Is that this must be tbe result of a ds-That lawyer'sof AfrlcaaHicxmas, (heirand has a new TaWo more- amKaid othar wisai Statures.la places, has established the Comiahwhichinplea themdivinityriM||k*B^taif pDfspa,"tlSk'tUtmB eyilnder is 90 inches in diameter,is, tram-way to,pmnps M 1water,iaaboos*atai-«tnet,1a regard to thedlvirisa^; 11rilfitmm caat-iTDO, 30 feet long, weighing 26 tons.of the machinery depends.no falling off in the business of the canaU, that theyti'il|ii%ICim coodcDser 1. of tbe ordinary kindsay i inch high and H wide. One rail has the flat novel arrange- side up, forming a level continuation of the pave-have been worked to their utmosttbeyare now its ea-the air- doubls-actiog. One pomp is below the IMmeyUnder ; its piston is worked by the. steam-engine pomps, which,and is' fitted with slide, to work analBC .Weiglit of 10 ton., and consists of two quad-ithe working-barrel are fitted with double-beat either side of the projecting top or ridge of the lime required for the movement of a boat uetireen of today Is tbelr fit spokesman. Hear how their tal wound. Several others of (be party thra 4nmbo^ar,equall-cov^raworking on the pump-rodscovers oi^vjalves are also fitted on the atmular spaces between the working-barrel and the exter-Albany and Buffalo has been Increased from nine to organ rolls:tbelr revolvers and comraeaoed tifag, Knts at HlsK-p^twenty cargoorbat flwor VifantfSof wheels, on a rocl^shafl that degiAu,.throwing the centre ofgnivityHlBfquuten Miswhich tbe t>oats on the old sive, row on tbe aggressiveshots were fired in all, bat no oas was States should aim two leaders. Hcmuiaves received aof,l|l^jgBasaiSdegreesbeing simplyenlargedthecargoleg,;and the reducedboildera believe, ment The projecting ridge of the other rail lies from the Incapacity of the canal to do all the business have free course and beto the street,moet fsvorable to theon whichto the smoothness ofonreatrahied flow of the ofcreasing trade.From an experience which extends over a period ofUeotenant of the band, baeaaisengaged In aqaanal,Ftmrtir—la thisand liberalNow deem It a tbeypoUUcalblessing,whichshould glorified. Itsdiscussionha.mentofthe cootributeatothetesalttheyear,receiptsfor tolls haveresultsdoctal,andmoral,andHioxKAxfaUawi|igbimn». Wbaaibar were both la the open air, Hnrarataa drew bi. r».volves less friction than theslaves, South, is no^ suffering forfriends,thoughtfor these works.' TheTraaHeson the other." We lee Ihls Csmsfondencs sf M< Sas-Ymkplana proposedthe its motion con-uniformlyto thewith the easiest motionnotgivesaccordwater buttheCornishinterposed between a perfectlysnd the rail.taesr that ths business of the canals anertsd,pistonlong experience,nUnea and other principle as tialfallingreceiptsfor tbetotwo wings for boiler-rooms, each to accommodate the State Engineer, compared with that reported lecture to liis nephew. It is well andand thecompany s^ boilers, and below, one room for coal by the Master Mechanics to the Press, is 3 87previous to the commencement of navigation. dcn'tpe«il»nymoreof any kind, ifjiaported slaves grarers,'Three boiiers are now set and at work. They centsfrom Africaually free from tbe exportation of slaves, whose place cannot be filled save by ttie refuse of Virginia, or the offsct>urlr.g of Africa, importsd at tbe cost and sacri-That these views have not been wi le of the mark, I. proved by Mr. Oaasci's letter in yoor ImpressioB of this date. .— cotton dncic Very little heat escapes notwo »den tre-nails.Heating the feed-water for locomoti ves by a doctrine of jEFrxBSOK—that the United Statesdeemed necessary to heat the water In tubes or gress to repeal them. You will find the vessels, with the other sides of which steam, is same Idea In Dr. Bbickinbiduk's letter; brought into contact, and not by the direct con- who denies and repudiates what is calledfore It a large proportion of the volume of with all Slavery agitaiun in her midst of tbe Bu-«aH-r, making the progress very slow aad toilsome. chanler order—so promotive of its equally depbjrableThecanal [leTug crowded with boats prevented the opposite. "Thts conservative spirit is well m&Eifest- guisbing indorsement thereon and the system of ax- fre^ flow ot the water and caused them frequently toground. The consequence of this stnte of things wasth^^^asthe business of the country lurreased the priceof freights rofe to a very high rate. The charge from vour Union gatherings of the healthy Union seati- beCeclaies theie Is less difficulty In becoming saf-enough to keep the" room comfortaWe in Winter.— 'jTheworkniiBshipisgoodthroughout nosensi-Courts might become dangeroused by the Administration's opponents in tbe County of ctiaziges as now pracdced by tbe Nsw-Vork Baaks, Banen. and which would be continued) would increase and Tl.ev ball wllh pleasure the evidences affordel by not suppress counterfert issues; or, la other wi>rds,'engine;per inentinyoursectioB. With you,wllh the of SI genuinenessponderous of the;than are made by this enormoustact of steam and water—one that the Dred Scott olijection beingIn Itshigherrendered their movements very slow, so tbat In-ment Of else than the perpetuation of Slav- somethingnoise andjarringlaogienlum ottheofnue of nearly four millions of dollars, wiibottt luiy ly for this Union's iniegiity and staDllity.amaterialIncieateoftolls abovetbelrpresentrate.Jt Is a very common opinion that the canals can-not nltk railroads, becau.^e It is supiwied competethat tbe roads have tbe advantage over them inrO^ TIACsAmerican Artists in Rome.masses dropeven grtatthsn this. The crowd of bo its so beingGovemnjentshould be directed to the accomDlish-becoaaiBg acquainteddirect contact per to mention them briefly, for the benefit of those ble.systemhas notwill see that Congress reorganizein such abody,1 bev res ard difunion as the direst of evils, and declare that Kentncky will redress her wrongssuccttfui onej ttvutd mmke such an expose asaUnifare well illustrated in this example, it 'Win hare occasion to use or designfines.proved objectiona-en- Tcstiaf boiters by bydrauKc pressure is not part of the Judiciary. The Legislature did notlit>erty.—Firat—.iife^ ipotion is slow ten strokes perties, since it docs not in the conditions of anticipated. The postponement, however, was bringIt is these causes, ard enlargementthedelayincompletingUtdoii--preserver8,.UiiinteW.Davu, NxisoN,Sroxis. and Etbbsiimi,the chiefbut the other moving parts are likewisepiacllce.water, heat is deemed both aharmoniouslytion will be made thi: first week InLegislature does not seem to have any very im- portant matters before it.of the day. One rathiT conscious drvelopinenlcanals,increa>e in their business which wouldnave naturallyis to seat tiiepump-valvesFilling the waterAnother and most gratifying evidence of the Union frdinK In these iwrt". despite all agitation, is the factneous, as Knglishmen and American* sided in England for many yearsmay be pro- pompingtkeprnntmtKetniar By all means letobjectbenefited. The slow motiun requires a large en- better and an easier method.;genflygine to do a given ainount of workandexpandingbyFebruary.Thearid which will take place as soon as we given us this year, tbat the year I8C;I will give;takenplace,;and, as theatjust completed Lyons.great8Wy<thattSis "reason that the counterweights, which might 18 millions of dollars.weigiit, ^hkh resists during the first half, and lul by American artists, and Is rapiiily improving. ••ol the may have made an at- Republicans Legislaturelorberself an enviableeach one, when they are drawn out upon tbe tiack to tation. It might have been rashness. It might have nf the dailv papers, tnalcountenelling alcertagSuch pou-Chewing-gum enough to give aroadthen have to roll in their cars, and fill theypromisesto earnenginesin the lastreportwas 2U the ,Hr. OsHSDT, being a Bank-note engraver, althoagh on the first of March, by wlilch they have given them Kentucky, in my judgment, is not going to consent professedly opposed to a uniformity of bank notes,actualthe boiler full ofinnde, and I have no doubt the elec-mile run in the cost offuel, andIJ1s motion that does ofhsstrolled by tbe flow, and the momentom of its part* tive condition of a smooth andtruthillustratedtlon of mercbandlfs and produce, If they are asked Our Bucbanlers, however, do not care to recogniseLass Crft, UtabFriday, Dae. U, IgSfc J;tion is notIbat railroads will In supersede tfaemevery day Att»(hoiiteeaatry.Iexettemeat by a ftgfat noag lbsAuary, inst., which lasted 26 hours and 3 minutos,computed to raise the work to 1,999,349 cubic feet, lifted 170 feet high, which is equal to 21,243,083,-Correspondence of the New-York Times,Tai Bisosis, January, 1859.— onlyare tylindtical, 30 feet long and 8 feet diameter.Stch has two firmaces, and each furnace two flues20^ inches diameter and 20 feet long. Each boiler report stated that there were 2-18, and the equip- Party) and was an able man. He and Hknkt l^f6 return flues, 8 inches' diameter,' below the ment is valued at the same figure in both.furnace flues; and the smoke, alter traversing has the $70,000 worth of properly gone ?t^se /etnrn'flues, descends, and passels under thea^D, ogjtsiway to tbe. chimney.^Bie l)Oilfers ara covered with felt, over which is ways, the rails having a chair a", each sleeper, and In Kentucky. The TiHM will recollect that, overamounts ofbound East and West upon other channels of trans-comingfrom thearemuchexercised,considered fair andsatisfactory by manyauthori-elect a United Slates Senatorquiteas soon aa I^^ paid Ibe highest rate of tolls to tbe State, leaving the recommend to the nation's conaidcratlon the claims With respect to the remarks of "Expwlaoea" more bulky and cheat>or articles oidy for tbe canal. of Hoh Jobs 1. Canrsiroxs. Non-agitators and whioh also sopearlnyoar impresaton of U* «te.like him. Bites aad Dm, Gii-repairs.Again,thenumber of previuusWhereof and navigation,turning largefreightarrangement ordinary arrangements.andtem is illustratedtrial was made on the 12th to 14th of Jan- ber of the"ogress which by tbat time bad t>een made in the en- Krgemfnt, they were enabled to Increase their drao^ht to forty-eight Incbss, aud tbelr cargo to about one hundred and ten tons.tucky,indeed the snUreThe parallel motion, are on Watts' plan. Tbe pound of coal. the Northlinks are long, snd tliere is no perceptible inaccu- The average duty of one of the Cornwall en- necticut, have been literally disunion meetings cost of vessel and navigating expenses. In the sameginesforthreemonthswas,1,494,000poundsof havingdividedthemselves. We,intheWest,you mannertbecanalitselfwascompelledeachyeartowater lifted one foot a of coal. The will have observed, hold no Union meetings. But carry ai: Increased load of debt without any Increase by pound In itscapacity for business, and this was continued is a rod which works tests, however, had been made on a somewhat dif- now we are going to have a Union meeting worth for nearly tweniy years before any material addition ferent basis—favorable to the Cornwall engine. all the rest put together. Three great States on could be made lo the load which a boat could carry.this, the revenues continued in-laeypiston-rods.intlientovementoftheTfaa air-pump rod is on the side next the pump.Ob iKe aide next thecyb'ndcj-• frame, in slides, traveling about 5 feet.Some of our with legislators, alongInside tUa frame are cams, wliich give half its movement to. the valve rockshaft, the other half being given hf a water-cjlioder and piston, whose valves arc worked Irom the cams. The steam piston, tlurough the bearer, thus closes the exhaust, and open"! the which determines the admission of iteuiktar the next stroke. Oa the nice adjust- jaaBt of tlie flow of water, ftom the main, into the cjAider, which completes the throw of the steam-allcreasing up to the year ISSl, when they reached thedoes more than theduty, under less advantageous circumstances, and ing one another, will meet at Cincinnati by theirthe threeof Oluo, Kentucky and Tennessee will meet atThe Brooklynand for theseobjects, appear to be Inclining to the reopening of hers were very large, and bis power alnuMtenginegroundstbe foreign slave-trade. But even our Buchanleroflivalled tbat of Buqhah himself,Its aoia*in many particulars is a decided improvement upon the old plans.;Legislaturesrequiredwaypablic plaader.and beaeerepresentatives. Yes, SirA subsequent capacity test showed the engine Cincinnati, and perhaps at Columbus. I was pres-sum of f3,/ 00,000, with a tonnage of J.5(>2,000 tons. The rale of charges for tolls was then reduced, whichbronpht down the next yesr's revenue to t3,1but 74,000,with the tonnage increased to 3,863,000 tons, which St former rates of tolls would bare given a revenue of $4.C00,O(0. In 1856 the tolls were again larnely andevensentiment,1 cannot believe it ever will.don't.ent when our Legislature promptly made provision per minute. When the four engines are completed, best of Union meetings. Let me tell you, also,Oppositionistscapable of delivering 15,532,066 gallons in twenty-four hours. The average speed was 10.29 strokes for the occasion, and warmly entered into that rale onthe city may receive 62,000,000 gallons pet day.Jamu p. Kibkwood, Elsq. Samcxl UcElrot, Senator MoKSOX, of Oberlln, Lincoln County,that no one responded more heartily to this meet- tbe accuracy of the travel The Chief-Engineer of the Water Works is ing than those you look upon as Ultra-Bepubllcsns.t2.047.000, while tlie tonnage stood at 3.66i,000 tons,theyto cut blm off from the Cbiucb. This at oaoa Vtt^raised bis voice in handsome terms for this meet- house, pumping machinery and reservoir. Mr. ing. So did Senator GAsriELD, of Portsgs. No William WajonT, a mechanical engineer of well- men are more true to this Union than Ohio Be-known ingenaity, superintended the construction pubilcanstheyEsq., is principal Assistant-Engineer of engine,off oflike a decay of businefs. With tbe same rate of tollas charged the previous year tbe rereaue would have the side of Ilccsroa and Riasar, of Texas, aad been expressed at it. silence, Mit th. editor assarad bee. t2,7SO,000, and with tbe same rate as ha 18*1 11 W^Ani Hamftos, of South Carolina. They insist that me that such is the stale of Mdety here, aad tae would have t>een nearly four mliJions.andof the engine at the works of the builders, Uessrs. infamous demagogues, that they were ready toWooDECf r & BiACH, at Harttord, Conn. Mr. FAiRBAiaN has calculated that themake raid upon them with fire and sword1LetpnhtisiKd any statements wosiever ia taiadaa to tbe will sever legalize the Slave-trade. Such a thing. In afiair, b<s press would not only probalrty be daaboyed tonnofe of the canals, this has never faliea the present age. Is a moral Impossibility. The but he talBMlf would be in great tli^ai of saecat as- below that of 1851—excepting in the \6i1. and Slave* trade is not a issue, aad can- .aKinatioa. It ia not to naKe eaaa-great- est clear span at which an iron tubular bridgeme a hint about a Union Let give you meeting.then it was In of the shyoeratrness of the consequencenot dissolvequetshteioUnion. Itprcaactnical distract tbe onlyn»Dts such a stateneocfessary npen soeiBty.aaytha salses 18 inches in diameter. Ten doubleaUxafaa minute is the usual speed. At this would support its own weight, is between 1,800 lature to take supper with them in New-York,season snd the numerous breaks which occurred fromtime to time during tbe Summer. This was ths year worst enemies who are trying to raise it The bar- Statta. It was laeelved very eeldty by ib. bretbaMfperlata tlw motion is very accurateliaeed tliat can be perceived by one standing in the giallery ona level with the beam.Tlw^ steam pressure in the boilers is 15 to 20of the ice freshet at Albany the canal ;baKjUs traffic would demoralize her — slaves disas-.mwr any special regard to his suggaatloas. tfor daadal please tbe Geuuies, tlwagh theia is no fssimg •( dls-feet,e level of the water in the dUtributlDg res.^henUnion, if they can. We unde^tand these thingsLeglstatare3,0 out West better than Ohio, anden tbetf for partdU net aai tiipr 0face on the City Hall tower.Man Power is calculated at 3,300 Ka. raisedin New-York is a little higher than the clock 0you. Kentucky Tennessee have stood shoulder to shoulder inThissame groundof Infection Is oururged against sppointmcnttbey fault with—TheNew-York Central running and repair accounts.saysslope thegreatchariotoflljeUnion,youwillfindyour- selves mistaken. We will bold you together with an Irondiscrepancyin theIron spikes are rarely used on British rail- the original doctrine as thousands of others do ;forty-two Inches of water. Through such a small slaveholding Slates In tbe mainteuance of their ex- England, wasTcjected "as totally Insecnre," aa ab-stream It wss very dilEcuIt to draw a loaded isting domestic rights, free from all Invasion or in- jection the daily papers bear testimony to the sagacityboat, the boat displacing and pressing be- trusion. And, before it is too late, she will do away of. Mr. OsBBBT fiuther gives it as bis opinion tbat athe chairs fastened beingbyfifty years ago.Senator Bbeckinkidoi adopted theuniformsystemof note to notice ttie dlstla- (omittingpart of the exhaust steam, is a branch ofblpjeakage pf steam, either frota boilers, pipes or economy coming into extensive use. It has been and that If so. It was in the power of Con-and the action of the engine is almost theoreticaliy perfect—no jar in stopping theseand the noise is merely tbat of the steam-valves. We often see steam-pumps of five-horse power that make moreThe water-worksFrance, ronsist of an apiiaraHis capable of filter-and theeqnslize the motian,'so as to admit of expansion to ing .i,.';(»O.P«0 gallons inr day, three Coriii:tli en- ot opinion and actiun I obMerve, whlrhfive mil. and a reve- These fritn^ly and cordial grecings wi.l speaiv loud- ions,tnuvihg partsextent, aiid to avoid ccfncussion, It is neces. gines, 5C miles of pipes, 12 miles of »ewer.s, and a nut have anticipatfd. I'he l)enii>crais In power.watertonnageneatly urqui:efrom Deinucrats are more willing' to sustain a liberal added'to the weight of the beam, pisiuus, etc. the st^ne, without subsequent drawing or engrav- measure, and vote in a manly way to sustain a lib-time, and caa deliver their freight more promptly. AUnen, dated at Rome, gives tbe following IntersstiBg find a dally journal wiiich. dees pot coalalnanaaooaatbe called momentum-weights, are Photographing on slone. andLetusexaminetbecourseofthings,andsee if rail-roads have this advantage. You have a cargo to send accoimt of tbe works of American artists :printingA^ to complete the effect, we have the equalizing ing, or photoUthotype, has been made quite snccf^ss-ai^rbpriatelyof spurious issues. If Mr. OaassT and "Ex[»srlenc«" will only refer to the foUowliMf reiHarb. of th* Sa-It stated tbat tt ia evident even to tbe casual re»««r repu- sn.lcud" to :i8not easily avoidable, were, until Watt's time, detri- ment In Jefferson Co.^N. Y., in 6 months. thing,rapidlythe last half of the stroke.deroiu. masses, which, in the early engines, were million people, was manufactured by one establish- except that they allege economy. This is a goodhetp. duringtack on severalmembers,with no;mentaltotl)eactionofengine. Theycausedthe NiwSvsTSMOFKailwatTback.—TheJJai7-bv the United States Government. But wb mustchoose between two things. We cannot sustainstaiU on Its If be a it will havetiied to with and Instruction, design for each noteto Mrike with 'violence at the end of the teay Review proposes a which without excss- institutions forbumper plan the public good and general weUIt is, wUl reiterate that, wttb astroke, wasting the power tliat bad been expended sive cost would possibly reduce track repairs, now late without paying money;and it is agreat prac-must aljio of land, as skelcbsd my ^p frequently for w ood aad water, and to cutrd In marble a pair statuettes, twenty-eight Knf•»«"°jl«*»*o*i",r»?befo{^ite.Btroke,leaving the motion to subside, so Bridges and towers which in a thousand years The Chamber of Commerce in Cincinnati, and athat it wonld cease at the without have not settled ai much as an meeting of citizens, have resolved to take proper point ordinary rail-joint properadijltlonsl expense. But on the other hand, tbe ua- tlts. Tbey were to be in the ordinary costume of pur sh" Id there not ha •*»>"" '««*»b>ef'»'A' LBe fodnd that when the uteam, in- ataad..(^ being admitted during the whole stroke as had been the practice, was cut off at the firstat each passage of t train, are j>laced »t a depth which insurss uniform support at all seasons. On thcather iiaad, stailwayis entirely on top of themeasures to receive the Legislatures of Kentuckyand Tennessee. Bo, I if we suppose, they come,boat—she discharges;intotbs aadas nichesina areofIhavetention lo notice aayIaay..'theC4%BuMoii.directlyprivate residence,stralned m action. Leading sculplon decline pasl-The Union will be htjgged and kissed, and drank to, and fraternized , fcljirter,' the usual work was done and three-quar- ground. Its mperficial foundation, are at the with, and tossed about, and spouted forth, tiU thetecs of the steam was .laved. In laterWOcfcJlBg at higher' pressure, the steam i« cut off at o^^^lilUh.;. and the moving masses art purpose-m of frost sbA thaw, of rain and sun, of liold dear old thing will be wearied out. I hope theyengines,won't kill her with love. bad a great grape crop, aud,two—laach npniilf.illVi fo that the speed produced may manence of our way the first is a perfect"filter of too much." That Is their business. It i. ours toIfimtSi heavy,mayaxertonlythings can'preyentthechangehighly respectable critic on such things,)theseWe have date* bo^ th* Rtb Ormda to .>«»-_^ « /ThepelMinelure would destroy them in time, and theirlasting, way. TOywfoleffyt. The delivery-pipe being 3,400 How suppose we W'ere to locate our superstruc-ture x>i) such foundations as we would build forresistance, hardness' and'support.'In tliis climateof Catawba.There is the mlscnief," (says aso that the strong steamits. pai<W''nix'ii. them without producing too mer to Wmier, from practically destroying the per- fellow, will love the Upion till they have dranKreceive them with hospitality and kiadnesa. I BOttte) abim ibeioiA in consequence of the weak- ballast, so fine that it will not be rigid, so coarse don't go to such affairs mysell, but I have ever re-..,.^—g..... a^aawith a Irieodlvings held to promote the social and kindly feelings"of steam. Thus the heavy that it will not bold water attraction, 'tlu^ .ez^ndad by capillsrycompete with this time, to say nothing of the saaay lull-length Cleopatra, seatedIncidental advantages which the boat has over the exceeding promise. It is not Bjrypt's Quesn, in tbe the Mlramon party. It is said that Cb«H«a* " car, tbe saving In carlags, tbe daaaage from frequent guise of a slight, delicate, thoroughbred, youthful campntar BrowmvlDe beeaose Ban. CAaAVAJAiiBMMs-serve^tia-paipoaB which the heavy fly. so wide that the changes by frost at its edges willvery jar of the su- S&pW—The s cost wdsld exceed that of a durableandcylinder-lii^aci.air-chamber of this engine has2,600,000 qniieri, „<,p_ ^^^^la- teraal improvements, but that such enterprisesany My husband has gone with comp^"f ^"^^H^Z**"!*TM^**' ^,^^«er flowmg i„ n ;,tbe Erie Canal."Tbe falling off In revenue bat beea caused by unne-*'*?S*J.^or.support, ;tbe mail on after Satiuday night, sadtb* bey.*,diameter, the of the weightBcverbave hadcessary leductloBs ratsof tolls and Inabilityhard to describe in limttad .pace1 ; but it strikes me hanrdOt":h"f."-«s^y ;n ,; *{^' '""""' W0«l*r*inIte a pov,er sufficient to lifthas heea' pressed to lis utmost oapaclty^ and so muchoriginal aad sin- And now for an American painter, rising fast andanother.' this moment, (-Hurrahit woulrt a„i conlinae to flow, dravring after it thecrowded Ibat It required dooble the usualwith mors pleas- ma, tweaun his^isnt la New-York, If kuob It mightbriland'poonds, I foot high.;banel of " bottM whleh beer,'.'pump below the borket, so that the vaWesnot drop into their seats st the proper time, butand where stesdily batnlog, and mrroundad »Uk eaabusUMa water,•raaed aboutone dollar ton persince the last redue-er or two recollect, and n>me mayaad saatenowlwould stiike th* stroke. Theafter thetheyfor tbe decrease in revenae. Whils York of Dealsa a Hr. was munad Slate priann"'^ ,,,«». to from*a*p*«tWsst tbslslUr place; for, bad Ibe train be« sa Urn, Ittbe iBteiesMtbe roads norIbe protection they waat Is to eoosplsts tbeaa. OIvs for minx a judgment is destined to eminence, not comvlulently elasticitycommencemi-m ufaccount grrat Aoadeasy "THrTBire*cap* «|~j ^ng Hebadand jo'f/^rafiag *?i' tl«noisechamber has haaais^U further reduced by plscing in the air- dtaaAer a diaphragm, having vslves to allow atbe importance•f tbe la order t« railmads.protectofthe;wars laid upon suitsbaeit is tode'efidlng Ibe cassis, not Deceuary depreciate amooK tiietrifles he contributedwere'oair in evil,sothstthe»eatisharmless.Itoae -wouldpen«i»e,'wewould farbelowtlieinfluenceoffrostoff upoa tbe railroads. Prevloas to ISSi,the tolls av-him Uleat the aboundingTheNewark, for ooontsrfeltlng, ^^^^hepermansnt.thst the State should create no debt for tend anywttb all the bert>l»ro of a Spartan^^^^ ^^ not as to dimensions and ^^ bridges spd cathedrals,for that la not re-in tbe tbeof the canal to all the buslaess which offered. Ittbat Mr, Sroir's Is at once ClsofatraTo stop thismass amount ofw^e,;„,hg.mUdle, ist betttalf-payln frslgbttbattherewasla that he nossesses. A read-counterfeiter,8mer80n,r«cenayconvicted•»resistancebut aa to pemaaeqceKUlarly felicitous.in locali- ^^ ties where grtmna is soft, snd timber not too ex-coaUog upKDia Ueuble It wsa fotmd that the Bre cam. from apve'would remain for say a hnndred years with-orsuppose,where stone is cfors convenient, and' the bottom adaptedtie had UqiaUlbamt Ibrosgh tbs dde of IhsJwint, d wtroyUontbe average la about flfly-Dve cents, which willout a hair's breadth yieldingartists. T&shuogbadly, and, to tell the truth, did not appearbut unsuoceesiul attemptttoD early Friday moralag. several(eelbeneathhis cell,toit. thethetatentua of lbs kouiuIfsI to the iioK dastrortbe "'"T'^'iriabrts ta 0*oa»*.superstracturaI «ra capatile of -the frozen *arlh of tbe yardwi.t hesrd by one o! the prtsouerlnttmetothwarthimlnhls*""TM'"pierx, similarly founded. There they Would re-paintersupposetlose for de- livering a cargo, and forcing IreUhts up to a very higheenaln to rite to whom! turn high,-htf uru%d"heartllyaad two bit piece."railwayby usurpation;with the steam The cylinders lawyersthe oilwould be carried with the feed into the boiler, and at the Idea of meddling with the Supreme Court ; cause foaming and " priming," which U both dan- but il'.tlist Court so fat forgets itself as to makeengine aud its pumps.As the pecilllar principles of the Cornish engine gerous and expensive. In England, however, the such another blunder, there are those alive whodein-ered in the shortest possible time. Tne etTecc of sK)n in sny form, Pforth or South. They look to this favor the plan of uniformity, provided be csuld se- high rates of frtleht and great length of Ume requited Union as the oiily and las! hope of civil and religious cure the job. But fou may rtlf upoa U that mil Ike iia-from Sum.main, without perennial tampering, packing and eloMd, prabably, without tbe Ore bsto g illsooTsrsd.Untitled Documentfor the halfWant of ^-ing elasticity, viz.,tbecanals, and the cbanaes which have taken pltee dur- ing tbe past ten or Afteea yean In the bashiess doastrack, never derivethese changes, Amediom, tbe State believe In tbe truth of what they so often at Albany, "Agitation oa the one side creatsi aalcoadi- level—and may as a ulf-evident.uperficlalroad-bed,Ualaa.bisptoIesaiOA."downtrips,andhencewearalike. Thesys-tbey purchase on our statute- books restricting the importation ot thereof tbe brethren.Hioxmas was earrled;and working under the disadvantages of increasedby engravings in Railtcay Revictc.theClay believed that Kentucky never ought to have'.a season nearly one-third longer than our own. For to disunion lor the sake nf more slaves for herself or neveitheless states tbat tbe .Americansys-encouraged Slavcrj-;Dr.BRECKl.NBlDOK adheres totem ofwhen submitted to the Bank ofgardedeyeall thedecent meet-EeveralLeglslatures, opposition.do Ibis must wait their turn into the freUht- ibey logei»»•' ^•"•^ *?shall have a jolly time of it.arrived' at her destination she has tha wholebarfadr txfore her, la which to accommodat* the con-signee jn discharging. She can go alongside of any really are, in tbe material which the mind habituallyourselves;should pay their own way, aad build tbemtelres frombatthe Matter Is redeemed by a somsihlag tbat to h.lp the people ofJo'"*,^;decision, g;enerally verypolitical aspects.eral than the I mean in this policy Republicans.cast or west. -WewiUtne stmost conven-• With a facility of adapUtion, tbat seems to be theStale. In Congress, it be otherwise. Theience for and loadingYour vessel dis-peculiar of my Western friends. Miss SnuBitrs giftand would be a itvery good thing practicedtrain,ing until all the passenger trains are disposed of, then prompted her to launch at once upon a career. Manythe fact tbat each Bank, ornearly so, basLuckily" conseauently, plentyor H. Clat Davia.—Tb* A»*1b (Texas) of tb« 14th alt, bas th^ following:StateGasfta*is sim-actual buitneu of tbetbe Csrii»p»ia<s»i!« <ifOHIO BIEN AND PO&ITICS.A Beal liBlen MeeilDc—Dr. Brecklarldce creased to about s'xty laches, and the cargo to two—OD Brcckinrldce Ohio I^estalanire-—Hiaidred tons,load any ordinary coasting scnooner. From fire hun- dred barrels of flour in a boat on the old canal, tiK quantity has been increased to l\penty-two hundred bar- rtU upon the present unfinished canal.Th»se large cargoes were carried by the same boatswhich hadafter Kentucky will be thrown tion of slave..''opento theliaports-ItsForeskadowlaga—Preparationone canal boat load being sufficient toproiMr regard for the welfare of their wuls required that tbey should be at once literally eat off before Ols la- iquities of the Gentiles could contamlnsts tbsa.coal, or 611,083 pounds lifted one foot by one You have been holding Union meetings at thsn half the and which bad beeh bulU quantiry,your Albany licgislature invite the Virginia Legis-let the fire-eaters back and threaten the goopenedlate and a portion of new work came Into uw for the first time, and the banks gave way several times durlagtbe season.Tbe commercial revulsion also checked businessand ipis not that tiM presumedfrom the warsdians to that against Great Britain, from the battlemany a stirring timeof the Thames to that of Buena Vista.In-to reduce thelittle below tbat of 1651, but which it fully iscoveredtbe next year.Ttie'eanals have t>een worked under very great dis-;previouslyaddressedyon uponfUathorong'hij grandfather ofI shouldsaleguarrs we have agamst coimierfetls," 1 can only conclude tbat be either never reads the dai.y papers, or Ihat he is in some way specially interest in mata- ta'nliig the present system, covering',' a* it does, tbeThe Editorial Correspondence of the New-York otopesroateinonrsmous an extent that it woold b* dnpalt' tagood reason,which, after wait- been the inward conKlouxness of that bank-notes Is progresamg with great raoldltyj* aad strength, ' a dlffsrentto'generate the motion, and damaging the machine some 25 cents per mile run by trains, to a mere tical question where the true medium is. The change engines, ko Uiat the time is vary uncertain Incites in height, for Mr. Hscxsaas, of New-York, Impression of tbe 2Jd Inrt., 'Partoos lAues wojMby tbe concussion. To relieve the engine from nominal figure. The whole system of superficial Legislature appropriated f5,000 for the meeting Of when they will reach tbelr destination. vVbrn ttiev which will t>e greatly admired when they are seen. either greatly snppfe.*ed o" mrioo.the these evils. Watt cut off the power before the end track contradicts every idea of permanfnt way. sonteand even that met withThe one is a sailor, the other a miner. Intended totbat asome distant place fur storane or shipment, at a great Ilone to order, tbe order entailed uatXHnmon dltficul- suggested is effecnial agala* «whealservesin'Xh*'cottoneijgine—theyequal- notaffectitslevel,sodeepthatfrostcannotaffect ol neighbors,especiallythosewhohavebeendis- handling, the greater ssse and sallsfaotlon ^Itb tjeauty, of European face and form, such as pictorial terlered with Iba sappUes ha was reoelvlas m?* 5^mixa the an^ snd eblUsibns. In the earth under it, and so founded on a tant arid jealoiLS. If it is "distance lends en- Wfalc# tbe busiivess CMn b« dons—all these will com- Annuals and illustrated" Soakspearaa Introduce to us. amorss. TberolUtak»B.bye«ri»aalnaatmheesb'«"»i*»qwed, prevent jetlt* . securelythe Brooklyn engine this is efiiMrted w> fully that solid earthwork thfit it will not settle or yield.Neither Is It Gnino's mexpresslre she,'* with the Rio have thaaa the Grands.Clty upao.the bumper nldom touches, and seldtna iWs aoften distortsoaropinionssnd chiUsour iseling*.aitd Ibe canals will take care of tbentselves and theStaleioo. They will soon pay for tbesusires, sadthe of tbe State Govenunent, and carry pay expensesuilgbt belong to any fair woman oAyour acqaalntaaoe. make Ha way down th* eooatrr. waijjoswsjThe.second is anabsolutelywaterandtro.tproof Weshouldnoteswithourdistant compare neigh-On tbe It savors nf tbe contrary.time and tbs place was at Rio Graada City, he oalled «»••**• gftSCapt Informed her tbjt^a* P«» H. CiAT Davis. Hereplied •aP'tet of an inch short, so that very little power covering over the. found.Uon earthwork, which bor we should be on our behavior to- ; jint goodwliereio theoriginal belonged,and as itu tost either the or by WOlrid effect the ssrae resuhs. And then, neither wards him we should learn,represfcnta that thickened ashill her husband on sight, bot •"*!"to IJlloss of steamby pomdlng guard-block,in the clestance between the pistonIs no dragon, and no fiend conspiring against us,and we should ieitd him our hand, snd smile, in all good things, throngh thi. vale of life.A V«T«jiA» OBsnraa.SiNOCLAa lMcniDiA>T ArrnirT.—One of thecars of a train oafreight ti>e New-TorkandNeir-Hsven Hatlrosd was dJicoveretl to b« oa&>e whilechantment to the view," it is also distance whichbine Is tbe c:anij the givepreferencesupariorityby sight, that he but only a poor, frail, short-sighted mortal likeof tbs Stale at athe produce merelynotntnal rats ofpcrpMItlleshistory telling us tbatshe died at 31. In the face thereIs stlU a certain witchery, and n^ small voluptuoiis-onlendtsekwsd. ougiy all tbs weretolaybOrrails on piles,driven UMtensdiathe what callwia"Mbvlama,'' rataawltherebydrivingbe called, did not lead me lo believemaUtlal, Iharai%UT Mtaratad wltb tar. Tksed of <sad a box of wveralbsgs and poitlaBofalargec]oU)ir.|. l^ebarrel was atNaw-York,cca- dippedsigaed10at>mlaGreaawioh,sadItarssprobatvy:newspapers record-ed, -that In one of the recent exblMUoBS of the New- tors tsrmof **v*b years,waoid bara ben la/t al thit staUnn, andth«dSpolknowledge respectingupon them, and ths causes forrequired quality from the toad- large number and perhaps a majority of the people ofclining,that theday of tbelr prosperityIsagitationuse duringprogress of tbe enlargement (abis wound will provein and some of them, like that in Con- anticipation of the completion -of the enlarsetneot,they tell us the InsUmtion is not local, but federal plolts are too familiar to tbe pablic to require raoa- and universal, national and christian, earthly and pitolation here. Tnough the Mormons have at- heavenly I" Extend and propagate, nlultlply and rs- tempted to conceal their crime., murder will out,plenlshit. HastenthetimewhenAjinaiwJoassox. and ofmany tbelrbloodydeedshavebeenrecordedof Tennessee, will kc his wish realized, aad every and published. Worldly Interest Is the only i femily throughout the North be furnished with a eratlon that blada a large majority of the Monthe border, in the Great Valley, loving and respect-Notwithstanding;Way.MDVUBBNTbe AaitatlaB to Kaatacky—0>C«aar • or elgbt caarsHM .laialtaasoaalf ; aad aU ara .!!•advaneed. . aiWi beta Is Flaally,U.a iis.iat.iPi«atartbeaebaetCfteilag wamuJi^IMe Is it* r«IIM> Ut,'.espeeUUy hy BaglM sfderssabaadatoaea,headMH* pisa,aevatpaf-eaa andot give you no other Information than that there is a Mr. O'Cotioa rather than to Btr, Ratkoss.OMBW, this City, proposes a plan of city track very greatmany respects, vstnable, giving afor toUs, and theirDanltea. Biu,mightily. They sesm to faacy I^» Hv.TUtnui, who has heretofore fignred aspar- slighUy discommoding ordinary traflSc, besides answering every purposeSlavery pleasesthey can carry Mveral b>« alavehoidlng Stales on theand buteconomy power depends, and as a railway. The rail Is 4 inches wide, and flat more than twenty yean, I can say la opposltlna to intelligent minds. North and South, have undergonestrf ngtb of that pleaaction, on which durability on one side, with a projection on the other side, these generally received opinions that there has Iwen a revolution on the subject. Once benighted and il- their stolen proper^. Fiaai words they soob caaethere is acapacity everyUgbieoe<ladvocates.pMoD rod, descending, and connecting to a heavy pump, 36 inchea in diameter, is pUced within a a groove in the " tread" instead of a projecting of boats ha. been so great, that, until recently, the it Is now bold and forward. Kentucky, they hold, is and giuoed dowasrard, laldag eAet la uusa brad, wtiich senres as counter-weight and cylinder 64 inches in diameter. The buckets of flange. So one wheel, by coming in contact with rate of charges for freight ha. been doubted, and tbe more Pro-Slavery than ever. Tbe Louisville Courier part of the thigh, iafllccfaig a very aevare Ifaat a;and double-beatrail, keeps the car from off either goingcompanion wheel rolling on the flat railits opposite.The rails arc, of;and la- hereafter,and thekdr of (he stroke it descends on the other charge through both a 36-inch and a S4-!uch bar- on both sides of the rails,' alternately. In their up The draught of water then allowed was forty-twy wherever tbey> af gimvity Is over the rock shaft in the 54-inch barrel ;bucket draws itsbelagseven hundred barrels flour.mchet, and this depth was all that boats were able toupper rsL it is considered that thisaplba;course, reversible,theofturned locks had beenway, ridgefifteen andThe weight ofdays at certain seasons. "which 2SSlavery, years aso was on the defen-KAH, others at his Sobm aatagoBlBtforty lajuradsli^t flsih grooad, Iboagh kaJlW Ike stroke this weight is raised so that iu through the barrel above it, and also through the down, snd that of the opposite rail being turned creased to seventy and eighty tons, which was lai.or. Today Slavery In Kentucky and the South is the odds were largely against him, until he ^*^to either side. In the first nal cylinder. The lower 36-inch bucket delivers one, whento rXi nd tbe t>enefits of tbe blessed InstltuUoB to In- such N.irthem Stales as can profitably employ slaveit is worn out,up. The vHieels of both sides of a car ar* in use considered a large load—some boatswaswound In hist>ut he stood bistheyrespect It.They look for Ught andtostesd of Ibe Southern canal eanied was atmut fifty tons. After all the restricting,canyshouldKentucky be permitted to purchase negroes street, and took refnge 1b tlM hooa. afIliberal opponents of Slavery,oa Ifto blows. HicXHAS drew his kaUe aad atteapna .ts stab HeamoMB, bat be tbraw Ida-aff aad iiiliialBg•iriilifc"iiil\^ nafthe iyMeeaadsdhiiPOLITICS. SlaverySaacatoedhytiwBaebaaiera—larly,According to them, numsrotuBitongerthan atany former The citizens of emptied two revolvers. He then retreated able to period.may please, just borttsor mules. Instead of a lawlamt hone liy MalawImportat'on is certainly tmwlse and unstatestnaollke.We have no doubt tbe bill which has passed tbe House will promptly pass the Senate, and tbat here-slaveolutionized Haldxuas, on thesetheir rev- and as BioxaAB's Danite band offered ia- great:indoesaexisted, but they did not dare to cut him off frooalb. church. lie knew too much, and bad too daa-general,not yet look this way, andgrowtaagjealousyhas for along fUnsCertainly our men and Douglascoman- JD prder to enable this t9 b? dpn? th? Ci^nmg has from Virginia t» ouiu prove triSilg and refractory, aod quineous tribe of counterfeiters, including paper- always been delayed until about the first of May, set a bad t-xainple. bow much more so poor savages makers, engravers and utterer^ of spurious Inuas,done. ThelatherofDr.B.andtheJohn C. was Senator from Kentucky, aridto the original Republican Party (for tiiat was forinsny yeais the official name of the Democratic portation. Tbe Pennsylvania canals generally open fice of the Union, men let it l>ecome sowhen In most cases It could have taken on the placeIf is boimd to become event- Kentuckynearly twenty years we had only tie old narrew and shallow canal to use—permitting hosts to draw onlyfor other State or and she has an sny Territory,abiding confidence that the North will stand by tbedistinctly engraving,conservatives ofton, besides the State charge fur tolls, and sometimes Kew-Vork, they tbiu<, the energies of the Federal different lo>ms and deriecs of notes than there is laTBuffalo to lour dollars Albany being frequentlyficiently acquaintedwish only one form and devi^. Upon such an opinion comment is wholly tm- stead of reaching Albany In eight or nine days tbey ery agitation. They express themselves unnritling to necessajy. Another caose of obiection to the nal- would IrequenfTy be fifteen' or twenty days, an-l this bcUeve that any coriiderabie number of the Northern fbtmily of aete. bat, i suspeai, tie real one, is, Mr. particularly tuwards the close of tbe season, when people at alt approve the Brown raid. Tney are set OsBsBT's logenuousremarii th^t there is hardly Bpn>-shippers would t>e very sDxlous to bare their cargoes against discord, cectlonal strife, disunion or seces- fef slonal bank-note engraver In the oounry bat »otrid '•to deliver a load, was to drive from the canal everykind of freight that would bear railroad charges forway that there will be no more usurfiation on tbe transportation, shd this was jnst such articles as inside tbe Union and not out of it. Accordingly they f*ji</»«': we should like to see luthe that have reduced, not ths business, bat the revenues from tbe and prevented thatandBSE, H.have ard will have their hearty support.the allegationEigianoUtue puoliclty IS given to such casea," is most*r»»- who have re- will liear OM oatiB can gtt to the lull depth of seven feet. I feel pf'r- tbatlhe Kentucky and "Tennessee Leglsiamrcs will >a\irg tbat an issue of spurious note, la Kaglaaflls Economyi^ theorder fectlysafeIn prelectingthatIf wehavethisdepth ttilsweekacceptthehospitaMiesnotonlyofLouis- poEilively•amorerareoccurrencethananeclipseoftbe a ville, bn' of Cincinnati and the Legislature of Ohio. sun. As Experlrnce" further declares •tba' tbe va- riety o' noits now issued is in fact one of th* bestwail for the of a making, upthen the.bquse perhapsi freightIs carted totypify the industnal energiti of the United State..proveto unload,'^"Xsuppose miloadtng.of th* Deoartmeat ia bis re- Bankingperlntencentcharges bar cargo Into the freight-house of the rail- has taken her place sudd.-nly among sculptors, and port to the L*e•gislature of the 3d Inst., they wlH tadof tb* same denomlnatloa, Jamiixy, If double track dispense trawiinlilngbe—It otherwise tasket tbe public iaora««dly deceived."not be Impeded by traUis from the opposltjs direction, and have miserably failed.btit they must soon stop and wait for trains to pats with this lady. Untutored, unpractlced, she com- In couclMlan, I merelyboat,soon as 'this is accomplished, sbs is ready to start.necessity cSD-plan subject,suggested,Whenwe have be unloaded In a very short Una.But with seyen f*«t water In tbe canal there willcom9 .steam-towing, and thsrs is very little doubttbat an of five Biles an hour will be avsrage speedsanction the ipnovatingjprocess, which 'd»- . vessel, or be (owed to any part of the wharves, and associates with every tiling an'l anything save reality, ^eamlnn. If such had been ths ressoobig of tbe men of former times, ws sboold^tbe Stthlnx to one'sbrings mystic remsmbrance, andafds oas's ImBS'tlats rccogsition of the appropriate-ness of tbe costume. These pictarestias tolngi araBTM'^'^„'«,-<,.'bJick'^'s'sr T'wi^ll'iy''^ ^^„f,^,h«roin«CoalW«»tbelr own surplusoftbscanals.Itisnottota>l Mia, Allmsritabelterlate.were orabussd. unnoticed,pa« any fr»ratsofnecessary fielghlTbeythem, so far asloclarea tbat men and things may t>e represented as theyMr. OrBsos would not tindertsAs, at any pries, thej figure of a gentiemaa, garbed as Kenllenien generally) are In the year ot Grace, IBAU. fVot so Miss STiBBiiok^ She has accepted the task, and has iborougbly welt suctxeded In showing thatlt was not a hopeless onetlvelymaintained, or two and a half days from Buffalo toAitwDy. The t>osts now propelled by steam are al-lowed tpruv six mil^sanBouri but a boat hiring oae lov« to commune with the risen, it is of the rising tbat Cumargo. He had two wooadador two others in tow will not maiatalo that rate sf I Incline to speak. Mr. Stosr, a son of tbe famous It is supposed hy some tbat a OUUspeed.. It Is at once apparent that no railroad can jurist ut that name, Is at work uoon a life-sixe and Gastis or jASrxs, Is Ue real ooMiwajTgf "VifSNow for another rising Aanerlcan sculptor—for if Iostibas was m the *>«bl>o«aaoaand.over tbe railroad. Let tbe enlarsemant be c>mpleted, half acre of ohajky bust, and lb* countenanoe tbat resioirig In Mexico. « toSiPP«>««l that Cojma.^brr brooding over herIon. It Is not necessary to argue with those who con- her last bnur approached, so Is she mature in years— of his hitrntioa not to molest herself or ftawto^"TM";likeIAnsagtba Ihurfmany peiadoe* like h^msell tmder his ooatrat Bat now thst the sort. As I imderstand them, they believe the bis wounds are likely \a protre fatal, the wish oalTBi^ sally expressed by tne Mormon, ts tbat ba sboelddi.,injudiciously reduced—agricultural products, and one-half from tberate on merchandise.Ttie revenueof this year eoosequeatlv ran down toare for the Usionbeing more than eigbtv thousand tons greater than in now and always. The South herself, by herself> trales thefr readiness to take advantage of every ebvISSl, but .decrease of more than $1,600,000 in the would hardly reopen It. With the Vice-President' cumatanoe, for, II Hsoxmas die tbey not only get ridrevenue as compared with that year. This Is a greatbut doeshusiness ornot look very rauekfaUIngIncome,Slave-tradewhile Ibis Union remains, andforeignwill never be appreciably revivedand it is ramoiea thai tbey have even geoa > f«aadown any attempt to violate tbe Tbey stand byof bim, but to tbe Initiated It Is a ispadlanoo of Ua bloody ciimev The Voffcy r«ii bas not mads oas word of coauHBt npua tUs fight. Onat snrprlas baawould frownlaws of tbe Union, which orohibit it.South without benefiting her. Tuose are tbe Soatfa's'Tbe Cfuvernot^ Message ha* alceaily laaetad IhaLegislature's perra.ttlng the uruestrlcted importation muchind noduring the latter months of navigation. All these of slaves from the other States. WhUe the Southern he bas said, but rather with what he ha. Wlaaasld.would betbe locks or the canal t>ed v/as In tbeupon Spring Our grain-grow leg and grazing intrrests, It 'Is said, dealers in uncurrentpoliUclars.)Importedto take tbe of placeWhen Isubject and to which you gave publicity In yoor th-ni^ss «Yet theof has beea a pro-°^^grtecMdtoErie Canal ths lull depth watar lswiBd«d,.Bil aasble frarallvrly but absolutely great. Hefi(H.r,I leel ooofideat th.t fab fame will also be aaafsdthatportance when we reflect that the Danll« band hasalways neen regarded as tbe ana of ths Har- strongmon Church. It has been tbe laMrament OMd \a da the dirty work. When persons became obaaxlaas to tbe saintly authorities, tbe Church Itself could cat themofffromitsimmaciUatebody butthenaducements in tbe;liieypartieular .tbat wiiab RICHARD.Tm the Editor of Ike tfett>- York Times:^s^^'^ We have the experleace other^d""J.f lesfrguarded ^sto«* «»»»«»«ot*teittts»•*"••••'iS: farther eoBVmsaaanss* nashsold auch be made. I am, glr, TonrS, faltbfnBT,THUSSDsr, Jan. 2e, ISM. JURCaTO^. A PLrCKT WOMAS—COMTiaAa AKD TBt tVf«that eveningC- I(mmttiM.wtitch. In clay, is of leans, and tnat he acU in. obedience to fl» OffSF".».!". »«great Tsm IkatUspraetlas Umoney,that many counterfeits of Bank ol notes are made and cfrcalated, brut tbat••y\;othVTerrttotr,wus have thstS Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comJ 