 ;m•^•>*-.aloneexcep-ted,rwho wastoleave the fort ficedtobringthembacktothesternbehestsofdis- Meantime,anewdifficulty,andthatwithSr. vestofemailgrainsinMinnesota,andtheweather Tbedemandsoftheslaveholders—letmoalwaysdis- ascoreot;members.TheyearlyrevenuesofthisGov- <mfoot,givinguphissword.Garibaldi,how-cipline. Thusmanyhoursbeforethecurtain!wasPa«heco,theSpanishMinister,baaarisenatthecapital,throughoutwasmostauspicious.AcorrespondenttinguishbetweentheslaveholdersandtheSouth,forernmentarefrorheightyteahundredmillions.The <», .*from a foreigner than to win the great prize by their in the Faubourgs in regard to the "alliance Cos- tcarcely known in the Emerald Isle as an article ofernment temperately, however firmly; he will give no provocation, nor run into any kind of extravagance. Every portion of the country will receive its due, so far as depends on him. No State, Southern or North- ern, will find cause to complain of him, I am confident. He will treat the South and tbe North alike, and the East ae if it were his own native West.Our candidate for the second offlse, Mr. Hamlin, is also a man of irreproachable life and character. He has been much more in public life than Mr. Lincoln, and has everywhere borne himself well—proving that every duty will ne performed, and that no office is too greatforhimtofill." It eeems rather founded on accident than on any prin- " cipJe of government I ever heard of. * * ' * ''The number of Electors is equal to the number of " Representatives and Senators, viz: 91. They are to "vote for two persons. They give therefore 182 votes. " L e t there be 45 votes for four different oaudidates, "and two for the President. He is one of the" five " highest, if ho have but two votes, which he may " easily purchase. In this case, by the third clause o ' " the first section of the second article, the election i t " to be by tbe Representatives, according to the States. " Let New-Hampshire be for liim^- a majority of its " 3 Representatives is 2; Rhode Island, l is I; Con-8THE STATE OF EUROPE.v^maOBr Oiwi CeiiaapaaflantiNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22, I860.ITICAL. INTELLIGENCE, many persons and politicians at the South who threaten1JuarezJtadneremptorilyrefusedtogiveiher'.up.The Pocahontas brings up as passenger, the. Cora- mander Azcarraga, of the etaffof the Captain-Generaland a few very sandy ones in Anoka and Sherburne ever situated and however acquired, whether from the Counties, he "saw no field of wheat seeming to be British Government, from Spam, or Mexico, or from good for less than thirty bushels per acre, and few the feebler States of Central America, becomes, fromMedici to enter Messina,On the 26th, the column.00 bushels. Up to Septen. ber, 1858, this State was importingTURlNt Ang; 4, 1860. of M e l a z z o o n t h e m h$ $ $ * O^PRjESIDENT:; p^o;^ON»^8S^ Itives of the people. Amor,g these advocates and threat-eners of resistance, Southern members of Congress are « ^theJoudeBi,ifnotthemostdetermined. We may ex-To make the latter palatable to Paris, a far France and the alliance offered to Victor Eman- greater complication of things must have been ar- uel. Now, however, that Count Littta has re- rived at. Tjnder^ these distressing circumstances,Jess, and expects everything from the goodoffices ofand in an evidently uneasy state of mind, Louis exports of Indian corn to that country must be much in- turned to Turin from Garibaldi's camp with the Napoleon penned his letter, several passages of creased. The calculations as to the quantity of wheat,answer to the King, that he cannot accept the which are highly perfumed with the scent of the which Great Britain must import to supply herselfoffered truce, even the last hope of King Francis U. fades away, and his Embassadors are returning from Turin to Naples. This revolution, encouraged by Sardinia and protected by Napoleon'sludicrous. until the home harvest could be reaped, which we An Englishman may indulge a in downright laugh quoted from The Mwk-Lane. Express last week,at the phrase addressed by Louis Napoleon to Lordtheory of non-intervention triumphs glori- Palmerston: "Letusunderstandoneanotherin tionoftheKingdomwasputbyoneprevioushave been corrected in that paper. The total consump- ously in the South of the Peninsula, •'good faith like honest-men as we are,*and not authority at 128,000,000 of bushels, but his critic this"necticut5is3;New-Jersey4is3;Delaware1isI; With these men in office, the various interests con- " Georgia 3 is 2; North Carolina 5 is 3. , A majority ofbut on the continent it .frightens the German " like thieves who desire to cheat each other;" butthe exquwtely bad taste blended with the week assumes it to be 180,000,000. His estimate offided to their care will be safe/ They could not be in " 7 States is 15. Thu«; the majority of seven States iasafer hands. But some of our opponents will say, " 15, while the minority amounts to 50. The totat" We know all this to be true; the men are excellent, " number of voices^ 91 Electors and 65 Representa-princes into coalitions. The staple article of all the power of ridicule of the original French " entendons the quantity needed is thus set forth:German papers is still the Conference of Tophtz; " nous loyalement comme d7honnetes gens, que nous Bushels.but their principles are dangerous." " Which of their principles is dangerous ? If, instead of invective and vituperation, you will specify any portion of the plat- form adopted at Chicago, any declaration of Mr. Lin- coln or Mr. Hamlin which from your heart you pro- nounce dangerous, I will undertake to find a warrant for it in the writings of Washington and Jefferson."In sober earnest, the Republican party is at this moment the conservative party of the country. All the other parties, or fragments of parties, are advanc- ing some new dogma unknown to the fathers and earlier statesmen, or their candidates are committed to some heresy repugnant to the doctrines of our Revolu- tionary age.and while the French semi-official press says that the Prince Kegent of Prussia and the Emperor of Austria have come to no practical result,the Vienna papers are happy upon the good understanding be, tween the two great German (?) powew,and declare that the' inviolability of the German frontiers and •the integrity of Germany have been fully secured.August) just off the blooming, which, now. that the nights are lengthening and getting colder, will require at least six weeks to bring it to maturity, even if, the weather prove favorable from this time. The farmers do not calculate upon the harvest be- coming general before the second week in September, which is from a month to • five weeks later than the average of yearn. A late harvest is always a precarious one. and I question whether the coming one will be concluded before the first weok in No-" tives, is 156. Voices in favor of the President are 2 " Electors and 15 Representatives, which are, in all, " 17-139. so tbat the President may be reelected by " tbe voices of 17 against 139. It may be said that thwt " is an extraordinary case, and will never happen. Ia " my opinion, it will often happen."Mr. George Mason contended that "this mode of " election was a mere deception—a mere ignis fatuus " on tbe American people, and thrown out to make " them believe that they were to choose him; whereas? "it would not be once out of fifty times that he would " be chosen by them in the first instance, because a " majority of the whole number of votes was required* " If the localities of the States were considered, andthe probable diversity of the opinions of the people attended to, he thought that it would be found that so many persons would be voted for, that th-re sel- dom or never could be a majority in favor of one, ex- cept one great name, who ho thought would be unanimously elected."St. George Tucker, Professor of Law in the Univer- sity of Virginia, and Judge of the General Court of that State, m tho beginning of this century, after com- mendb>g the mode ^of election by Electoral Colleges as: tending to avoid'turbulence, makes an exception, " where tbe election may devolve 'upon the House of " Representatives. Then, indeed," he continues, " intrigue and cabal may have their full scope; then " may the existence of the Union be put in extreme '• hazard; then might a bold and desperate party hav- " ing command of an armed force aud of all the re- " sources of Government, attempt to establish them- " selves permanently in power without the future aid " of forms, or the control of elections. Upon what " principle, we may ask, ie it that State influence is, ia " this case, permitted to operate in an inverse propor- " tion to the ratio of population, and thus predominate "over it. Upon what principle is it that tltat ratio- " which gives to all the citizens of the United States aa " equal voice in tbe election of President, in the first " instance, shall give to the representative of thecitizens of Delaware, in the second, a weight equal to nineteen representatives of the citizens of Virginia 7 Why. then, should the House of Representativosj vote by States on this great occasion 7 It is, per- haps, susceptible of proof, tbat if the arts of corrup-" tion should ever be practiced with success in the " election of Preeident, it will arise from this circum- " Stance; the votes or a few individuals, in thia in- " etimce, more than counterbalancing four times theix " number."Such were the fears of our fathers. Time and ex- perience have added to their force. The House of Representatives has already become a turbulent body beyond anything dreamed in tbe beginning of the Gov- ernment. Intemperance in language is habit u il, per- sonal violence even has been practiced, without receiv- ing any punishment. Many of, the members, we are told, cany concealed arms. Thev threaten and abuse each other as if they had been collected together from the lowest classes of society. Into this body, thus con- stituted, and thus acting, it is propbeed to oast the elec- tion of Chief Magistrate of thirty millions of people, divided into three or four parties inflamed atrainst each other, and struggling for the gift of innumerable offices and the yearly disbursement of an hundred millions.If this appear to us an enormous risk, judging from, the character of tbe body and the interests at its dis- Eosal, much greater does it appear when we rememberow this body has deported itself in past trials. There have been already two elections o: President bv the House—one of them in 1801, aud the other in 1824. On the first occasion Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Burr had an equal number of votes (there being then no distino- tior. on the ballots between the two offices), aud the election therefore devolved upon the House. The con- test convulsed the country, and produced an amend-! ment of the Constitution.whole classes of them are iuflamod, and to the threaten- the Republican and Federal parties knew the result ia ing combinations under the influeiice of whioh they the Electoral Colleges. Both sides were disappointed....£73,000,000 . £65,000,000 in Bosnia. From the last tabular statement it will be seenHungary, too, is in a state of fermentation. The that the interest on the public debt is in Bonapartist 20th of August is the day fixed upon for a great France rapidly mounting to the British level; thatapparently enjoying good health, and most of them, we. believe, are, to say the least, in comfortable cir- cumstances, doing well. Thus has the Divine blessing followed not only to the third and fourth generation, but also to the fifth.After partaking of the plentiful variety furnished for the occasion, a suitable prayer was offered by the Rev. T. D. Littlewood, of the M. E. Church, in the place, and a brief address delivered by the Rev.' S. W. Clark, of the Congregational Church, North. Stamford. A novel and unexpected event then took place. It was announced that there was a child to be baptized, which proved to be the great-great-grandchild, a fine, healthy- looking girl, the daughter of Gould and Caroline M. Raymond, of Williamjburgh, N. Y% The ordinance of baptism was accordingly administered by the Rev. T. D. Littlewood, and the name of Josephine Adelia given to the child. After a short prayer and the benediction, this pleasant and interesting gathering dispersed, leav-ing us highly gratified, and with only the wish that such gatherings might become more common among us, and that all such might have as happy, if not asContinental centralization keeps the Army and sive scale all over tie country. It is the day of St. Navy at a cheaper cost than insular oligarchy; that".'. constitutional demonstration upon the most exten-Stephen, the first constitutional King of Hungary, one Louis Napoleon wants for his private expenseswhich is now selected for showing the unanimous twice and a half more money than a British sov- wish of all the different races of Hungary to put an ereign; and, finally, that in a bureaucratic country,end to the centralizing and Germanizing tendency like France, the cost of collecting the revenue growsfc of Austria. ,at a rate disproportionate to the amount of the revenue itself.•aTHE PAPEE TAX—THE EMPEEOB'S LET- TEE.' f t w Our Own Correspondent.LONDON, Aug. 7,'i860.FROMFrom The N. O. Picayune, Aug. 16.The United States sloop-of war Pocahontas, Capt. T h e great Faction fight of the session, which Hazard, arrived a^tbis port this morning, from Veracame off yesterday night, in a fall House of Com-a frost as having occurred on the night of July 31. This person says that in his neighborhood the ^heat ismons, proved a failure in.the scenical sense, al- neighboring Republic.! ? S I i s ^'-""••••:'.•: ' ' ^ p f $ p p pIWPMras~'iLj f .'•'••'•_ inarching out with military honors—Bosio was their heads of a new dissolution of Parliament suf- their ground without some new political combination. ; electiOnj; and the event has justified my predictions^ The election will be in the palms ot the hands of halfAfferfteflorioTiahattieWy» wheretoe volunteers, devoid of artiflery ajad AboBtion biflL•"-• This time they had boundlum over lajara on the 26th.. accordiog to a report" which had eavahry, defeated the pi-ikedamy of Bosio and toacertainlineofconduct. The'regularWhigs reachedthecapital,butwithwhat.successisnotstated. took five cannons, the Neapolitansretired to the weretieonlyfraction ofthe majority suspectedOf .Theretreat,of Miramon andcontinued successesofworkandgive«•really*j Ifthiswereoniydone,we'mightmakethesecroparti- clesofburspossessgreatstatistical value and a mur-•*"•"'';•;;^ J l m i K ^ ] # o . ; ,•.t*g IFELLow-ci^rizENis; Font .yea'rJBago,,it was my fort pect, therefore, *t least, every sort of intimidation.hatching treasonable designs;: but .the harsh voice the Liberal party had very much cast down the Reac- tual "benefit to all sections of the coantry.«a*tle, and surrendered on the 23d. on condition of of their, master and the menace suspended over tonists, who despaired of much longer maintaining The week before last substantially closed the har- easy to foresee s'une of the> results of Mir. Buchanan's rrit I w i f " n ^ l 0 1 ^ 1 ^ ^ T there not be irruption 7ever,modifiedthispoirtandallowedthedefeated General his sword, but not his horse. All the artil- lery and ammunition of the fortress were to be given WptotheSicilianarmy,withthehorsesandone-half •f the moles. The GaribaJdiaas,however, complain H a t of thirty camions they found sixteen to have ieen spiked, while horses and mules were nearly »»fitfbr service for want of food. Bosio embarked las men straight for Naples, and gave in atone© bis resignation. Garibaldi, on the other Itand, advanced upon Messina,' occupied the strong position of Gesso, which had been abandoned by the royal troops. Here he. heard that on the 25th General Clary had evacuated the town and retired to the citadel. The citizens returned now to theirJ. homes, hoisted the Sardinian colors, and inviteddrawn, allLondonhad-becomeacquaintedwith the exact result of the party trial, and, save the the habitues of the Strangers Gallery, no- body cared to assist the sham-fight at St Stephen's. It was indeed,aratherdull affair, enlivened only by the sweeping oratory of Mr. Gladstone, and the highly finished pleading of i5ir Hugh pairns. Mr. Gladstone tried to represent the opposition raised against his bill as a last des- peratestandmadebyProtectionagainstFreeTrade. When he sat down, the cheers that drowned his concluding words, seemed to hail him as the true•who had just returned from a tour through the coun- l a m far from regarding them as ideotical—the de-chief of the liberal party, of which Lord Palmerston reached Mexico, where it had created considerable ex-" I have had considerable experience in farming, and haveobserved carefully The thick-standing stalks of our wheat, the'loDg heads filled out to the veiy end, with the plumpest berry Iever saw, ;the entire absence of rust and v*ry small amount ofsmut convince nae that mere wheat-fields In Minnesota will yield supply their plantations with slaves as they supply swer tbat it is nevertheless possible, and all toe more over 80 bi shels per acre than will fall snort of that. Extravagantis the by. no means beloved despot. Sir HughCairns^ on the part of the Conservatives, proved by The despatches broughtup by the Pocahontas wul•close argumentation, and. with great analytical be forwarded to-day for Washington. power, that the reduction of the custom duty onpaper to the level of the excise duty was in no way stipulated for by the commercial. treaty with France. His antagonist, Sir Eichard Bethel, theTHECROPS.as it may seem I deliberately believe that our average yield willnot be much if any less than that and toat we shaii have a aur- ilus of this ye» r's wheat crop for shipment of 4,000 000 or 5 000,Ibreadstuff and other grain."them with goods, from the cheapest market.The People s party of Pennsylvania was, in the last Presidential canvsss. a compact, powerful party, united upon a great principle, and would then have succeededprobable from tbe fact that it is proposed to form, mix^d electoral tickets in several States, making it not unlikely that the Electors of tbe same State will vote- for different candidates. This is not a purely im aginary danger. It was long ago foreseen by some of our mostAs the crisis of the British cropB approaches, we of Medici made its triumphant entry, amid the Whig Attorney-General, had the bad taste to show watch the advices brought by each steamer, with asYearly consumption ................180,000,000 **sommeSyetnancomme Des Larrons qu%vetdent Twomonthsconsumption sayone-sixthoftotalam't 30,000,000" seduvcr• mutueGement,y'can only be appreciated Estimated stock in all hands by a French-ear; No Frenchman can read that Quantity to be imported..passage without being reminded of a similar sentence occurring in the famous play of " Robert Macaire."14 000 000 16,000.000He says that the stock of old wheat in the farmers'hands is smaller than it has been since the, memorableI subjoin some data for a comparison between year 1854, and that when the new crop comes to mar-French and English state expenditure. Accordingket even less will probably be on hand than then. remarks that:He liaiice have indeed been agreed upon, and it was 1,825 millions of francs, or £73,000,000 sterling, " A considerable proportion of the wheat is only (this 4thA s far as it is possible to get any correct informa- to the provisional or prospective budget, the total tion about the interview, the bases of a defensive al- revenue of France for the year 1860 is estimated atprincipally the English influence which determinedEVENTFUL FAMILY GATHERING.—A gathering of aninteresting character took place in High Ridge, Conn.,on Thursday of last week. Five generations belonging If Lcould reach the ears of our Southern brethren,derived.from the following sources:tria. Napoleon, seeing this new combination which I. Direct Taxeg, land, noun*, personal patentee .£18,000.000the Prince of Prussia to yield more or less to Aus-II. Enreeistrement (stamps and domaines) . . . . . . . . contains the seed of a coalition against him, cun- III. Woods, forest*, and fisheriessingly wrote that frank and open letter to his friend IV. Customs and tax on saltV. Contributions indirect** (excise, etc)14,300,000 1,500,000 9,100,000to the family of Polly Stevens—formerly known as Polly Curtess—comprising 111 members^ 96 of whom are still living, together with a few specially invited ones, met upon the premises of the old homestead for the purpose of commemorating so rare and auspicious an event. An ample table was spread under the trees in the open air, which afforded an agreeable and cool- ing shelter from the rays of a burning sun which had poured down upon us with melting intensity through- out the day; and at this table over one hundred seated themselves to partake of the refreshments provided,eighty being members of the above family.the remaining sixteen were living in Ohio, which ac- counted for their absence upon the occasion, the dis- tance being of course too great. Each generation, however, had its representative, from the great-great grandmother seated at the head of the table, down to the great great grandchild held in its mother's, arms—a fine specimen of a fat baby five months old. Such a gathering as this we have never witnessed before,and they would listen to me, I would say to them: Be assured that the Republican party meditates no wrong to you; that we would not, if we could, dis- turb any of your institutions; tbat what you think best for yourselves it is, in our opinion, your right to have and to keep; that we consider you neither our inferiors ncr our superiors, but our equals; aud we desire ever to treat you. and to be treated aa such. Do not mistake the clamor and ex- travagance of a few individuals for the judg- ment or designs of a great party. And as an humble member of that party I will venture to predict that the Republican Administration will not be selfish or prosenptive; that it will exercise its great powers as a trust for the whole country, and not for a part of it; that in the distribution of offices, and, what is of more consequence in the rcommendation and prosecution of public measures, it will not dUcriminate against the South; and that at the end of ita term it will receive fr©m all the States the praise of good men for having administered the government impartially, justly, hon- orably."These preliminary observations open the way to an unembarrassed consideration of the duties of conserva- tive men in present circumstances. Mr. Lincoln is the only candidate who can be elected by the people. He will receive the largest number of electoral votes. If he does not receive a majority, no man will receive them. If he be not elected, it will be because a plurality does not elect; that a majority is required. Whoever votes against him, therefore, must act in the hope either that in the House of Representatives a candidate having a less number of electoral votes will be elected, or that the election will fail, through an unsuccessful struggle lasting from the second Wednesday of February to the 4th of March, and then that the Presidency will de- volve on the person whom the Senate shall have se- lected from the two highest candidates to be Vice- President.This will be,dangerous for two reasons:First: It will violate a rule now generally adopted, that the candidate having the largest number, though less than a majority of the whole, shall be elected. This rule has been rendered necessary in the progress of our political experience, from the frequerioy with which several candidates are brought forward, the em- barrassment of repeated trials, and the importance of keepjng-the offices constantly filled, and when filled, held by the persons who have the confidence of the largest number of electors. All that could ever be said agamtt this practice was, that the officer elected ought >o have from the beginning a majority of the people, upon his side. No person, so far as I know, has over thought it other than a grave misfortune that the can- didate selected should have received from the people a less number of votes than his competitor, oyer whom he'was preferred.' Torejeot, therefore, Mr. Lincoln if he should have less than an absolute majority, and put over him one who has less than he, would oppose the general practice and offend the sense of justice of. ourpeople. Second: If there be danger in the election of one who has not the strongest hold upon the people there is even greater danger from theWuggle in the Douse of Representatives.19,500,000and Embassador Persigny which reassured the VJL*JtO*V'\JmCt5«•»»••*•*••*•••••••«•••••••••••••••*• J*jo'J\},vOvvember,itsosooninsomedistricts. IdonothererefertoScot-English public as io his peaceful \ views, VII. Miscellaneous 7,500.000 land, because there it is usual y very late; but to many of the and even influenced the English. Cabinet to The English revenue for 1859. (the financial ac- districts of this country where agriculture is not in so advanced astate as it ought to be, considering the progress made iu other acquiesce in the intervention in Syria. According counts|for 1860 have not yet been issued) was as parts.to the last news the Convention has been follows, in both cases round numbers only being " You will say I have taken a gloomy view of the prospect forsigned at Paris, and a joint expe-dition of the great Powers sails in afew days from Toulon, Trieste, Plymouth, andCronstadt to the coast of ancient Phoenicia. IV. Customs France gives one full half of the army of interven-VI. Fest-Ofiico..... VII. Misco laneous'.tion, but the time of the occupation is limited to sixmonths, though anybody conversant with the Syriandifficulties is fully aware that such a short time isaltogether insufficient for the purpose of reducingthe Druses and checking the fanaticism of the Mus-sulmars. We are further credibly informed thatthe European intervention in Syria will be followedhy an outbreak-in Thessaly, and by a war in Other expenses JSJerviaandMontenegro,in connectionwitharising Total .....;Some ofgiven:I. Taxes (Includingincometax)next season. 1 admit the fast, for I see nothing before us thatcan mitigate the case but large imports, which it is ray object to £10,000,000 rtimul»te.. not by raising ah unnecessary alarm, but by a plainII. Stamp....III. Crown Lands........... ^..8,250,000 • 420,000 24.380,0003,200,000 2,100,000arid honest statement of facts. I did so in your columns in 18.*>3, and my calculations proved correct. Now mark what follows. W e shall want from fifty-six to sixty-four million bushels of foreign wheat next season to make up the deficiency in the stock and crop for the consumption of the year. And if we dp not get something like that quantity prices will rule higher than we have known them since 1847-8."The comparative public expenditure of the two countries was as follows:If the magnificent expectations of some of ourWestern correspondents should be realized we. mightspare this quantity of grain for England from a singleState. The harvest proepects in the South of Europeare estimated in a recent number of V Echo Agricole,From it we karu that in Italy, it is only in the Norththat the crop of wheat is satisfactory; in Lombardy itis middling, and in the provinces of Modena, Parma,. and may never behold the like again. All were and Bologna, indifferent. InVenetiathe result difFersInterest on the debt....' '... •Arnoy and Navy................ Civil Liit of the Crown.. ;. Cost of collecting the Revenue.France. .£22,400,000England. £2a,500,000 22,500,000 400,000 • 4,500,000 9,000,000..18,600,0001,000.0008,oto,oeo. 23,000,000in various localities; at Naples the crop will be less than was at first expected. In Spain, the harvest in the TwoCastilles and La Manchahas been satisfactory ; but in Andalusia the quantity has not equaled expecta- tion. Accounts from Odessa and the old Polish prov- inces give reason to hope that the crop of wheat will be excellent, *Farmers in the Western States are now not without apprehensions as to the safety of corn. " In Portage County, Ohio," says The Ohio Farmer, " some fields of corn between Aurora and Mantua were entirely ruihtd by frost;" and one of our own correspondents,Cruz direct, with one week's later news from the writing fromXorain County, in the same State, noticesthough it was a triumph in the ministerial sense. The Pocahontas left Vera Cruz on Thursday, theMr. Gladstone's resolutions for reducing the cus- 9th inst., and brings up official dispatches from the all, and the hay is nearly all, harvested. The firstflag-officer for the Navy Department, and letter-bags yielded, in some instances, as high as 35 bushels per tom duties on paper to the level of the excise du- from the United States sloop-of-war Savannah and acre; the-farmers are selling it.at 90 to % cents perties—some slight charge being added to the cus- storesbip Supply; also official dispatches from Mr. bushel. The hay crop is the largest they have had in toms duties to counterbalance the incidental incon- Eigee, the acton*? Charge, and Mr. Pickett, the Consul years. Apples and pears are very plentiful, butat Vera Cruz, for the State Department. She also majority of 33. But the House of Commons had brings up a general Mexican mail for all parts of the finely.country.veniences of the excise duty—were carried by ait ail their own way. There was the arena, and Both the City and port-of Vera Cruz continued The whole State seems rejoicing at the pleasantConstitutional Government. The most of the money. corn, 40 cents; hay, $5 per tun; stock cattle plenty at Tbbs point, however; had been settled in Lord belongs to English merchants, and will probably be 2J cents, gross; and stock sheep scaroe at 2£ cents, bntFamaerston's official residence, whither he snipped-bv the next English steamers A portion .willbad summoned the liberal members of• all shadows come to this city. no stock hogs are to be had.". . . . „ ...» .;... . v . . .>[.,•;• -Fins IN.WEST THIRTY-NINTH STBEET.—About 12 o'clock on Monday night a, fire occurred in two Bma41;shanties, occupied as dwellingw, in the rear ofwill be certain.in some degree to act.. -,The worat crisis through; which.it haa ever passedwill be as nothing,to what we eliaJl see now, if theelection of President goes into the House. There are 11th of February, 1801, to count the votes.. BeforeiWMEXICO.&adutic*, *JfceresototfoP%#%proceededfrom Mteteetflccvuntofrofljtheseatofwar,Miramon| Itisjeallyastonishinghowjnanypeoplesuppose No, 256WestThirty-njjjtiiatreeVdamageslight.The Senate and House were to meet (by law) on theand a iruptureww imminent.' &0»M£&$'$&$ : TheSpanishCommodoreatVeraCruz;hadalsomade a peremptory demand upon the Coverument for the;release of the Spanish bark ManaCbncepcion,.whichwas captured as a partof the Marm: expediiion, but Scott writes us that, excepting some badly-tilled fields,spect uncemmenly feeble- On the 28th, Clary and ceived in the House of Commons would afford it. sue. There are not wanting, however, intelligent therefore cordially invite our distressed and suffering our exertions, and which should continue to guide and according to the theory, tbe whole period between theEvery man in the House, of any authority'.on, and Jdedid signed a convention by which the Forts any experience in, Indian affairs, had opposed theQenzaga and Castellaceio were surrendered to theGaribaldians, on condition that the retreat and their complete ignorance, but they betrayed their 11 clerk of the weather," as well aB ourselves, who, There are a great number of unoccupied rooms and who believe in the universality of Slavery, and the much lees at tbe formation of the Constitution than itembarkation of the royal troops should not be mo- dark suspicions as to the ulterior views of theframers although not so mixed up in cycles nnd "terms" as the houses which could be hired for small rents. a« their right and duty of providing a Congressional slave-code is row. An election by equal votes—that is, by thelested by the Sicilians; that a Neapolitan garrison of the bin. They could not but confess that the bill tenants have gone to the gold region. Any one who is for the Federal possessions. Men of such opinions are States counting each one vote—was not so distasteful • not exceeding 3,000 men should retain the Citadel and had been smuggled into the House under false pre- philosopher of Brooklyn Hights, is yet much given to beyond any arguments of mine, and I would not waste to the more powerful States, as it has since become. tenses; that the most important papers indispensa- prognostication. In his usual weather report for the! willing to labor for a moderate compensation can find words upon them. But I would address myself to For these reasons, an election by Congress is attendedthe Forte Don Blasto, Lanterue, and San Salvatore, ble for a just appreciation of the case had been week ending August 3, he. predicts greatstorms on employment; and they can pay for foraging their cat- those who do not believe either of these revolting dog- with much more danger than was conceived by thewhich are to remain completely, neutral dur- fraudulently withheld; that the Indian Minister had the 16th, 17th, and 22d, msts., and advises the farmers to tle through the Winter by leaving a reasonable num- mas, and particularly to the more conservative portion founders of tbe Government and the earlier statesmen.ing the war, so long as they are not attacked. introduced the bill despite the unanimous dissent ofof them. I desire to show them, if I can, and 1 think What they thought of it I will now proceed to show.I can, that it is mostTprudent, most conservative, safest, In the Convention, which formed the Constitution, to support the Republican candidates. Mr. Gerry moved on the 7th of September, 1787, "thatOf course I dmnot expect to succeed with those who "in the election of President by the House of Repre- think they find in the characters or principles of our "• sentatives, no state shall vote by less than three mem-The embarkation continued now quietly, but at the the Indian Council, a dissent which, by an open in- " bands and secure your grain in.the good weather theThis invitation is certainly expressed in great, kind-the extaeme point of the Faro, which commands India in 1858, he had omitted to lay on the table of piece of advice which no doubt will, be closely fol-whom it is addressed.To the Eastward things look generally promising,although The Homestead seems to think that in NewEngland, the hay crop, and butter and cheese produc-" b'rs, and where tbat number may not be allotted to a " State, it shall be made up by its Senators, and a con- " currence of a majority of all the States shall be ne- " cestary to make such choice."the strait, and to assemble all the ships and barks of the coast, thus preparing his descent upon the KeapoKtan mam. Romeo, the chief of the in- surrection of 1848, had already preceded the Dic-the House; and lastly, that the Cabinet had not even attempted at showing any reason for driving, toward the end of the session, and after the with- drawal of every measure of import, with such in- decent haste, a bill through the House which, inlowed. : ^The leading market article of The Mark La?ie, says: " The weather of the past week, though below the usual tem- perature, .and cloudy, with some rain, has further improved the ap-candidates elements dangerous to the country; but I hope to convince any candid person that if there be no real danger in the eleetioh of our candidates, there is great danger in the opposite quarter.Mr. Madison seconded the motion.tator, to organize an insurrection; and we have just point of fact, radically changed the British Consti- receivedthenewsthataNeapolitanregimenthas tutionbyanimmenseadditionofpatronagetotheLet us look, then, for a moment at our candidates,pearance of-the crops, and has been more calculated to produce & tion will fall short two-thirds. The wheat in Mame both of them. Mr. Lincoln, the candidate for the first Mr. Reed observed, that " the States having but onebegun the movement by proclaiming Victor Emanuel Kmg of all Italy,crown, and by the creation of an army that, in every practical respect, would become independent of the vote of supplies. Still, this bill may now beAccounts very much vary as to the ultimate prospects of the reestablished in that State. He speaks recently of ore w< rd against it, but that in all his relations, social audA t Naples, in the mean while, there reigns the carried, the chiefs of both factions having, as it ap-most complete anarchy. The Reactionary partyorganize „their forces openly at Gaeta and in the Court.Bashcata, and the revolution is prepared just asopenly in" the capital. At Avelhno and in several Louis Napoleon's letter to his beloved Persigny•other places the new National Guard was attacked by the peasants and by the foreign regimehts, andmandy, Belgium, and Holland/ variable weather has kept the cro^sbackward, and prices fluctuating. In Southern Russia there is bath quality and quantity this year, and the Baltic if backward, does not send many complainfs, though prices, keep high. • Our own markets, from the improvement of the weather,to competence and honorable fame. Refined in his the Southern States, and tbe greatest care should be habits, simple in bis tastes, unassuming in demeanor,skirmishes were fought, in which some were wounded Porte against the Syrian expedition, as originallyand killed. The Liberal press of Naples pub-nsbes all the dispatches and proclamations of Gari-baldi I saw, myself a Neapolitan daily paperheading the report of the battle of Melazzo with thewords "Great Victory. The Neapolitans Defeated."all who know him praiee him. I have heard many " sentatives of a minority of the people might;given to improving the yield of her meadows and the reversequality of the crop. The Homestead, of Hartford, Ct., neighbors and acquaintances- of different parties speak the choice- of a majority of the Slaicslxnd of the of him2 and I have never heard one who dia not speak of u people. He wi-hed some cure for this inconvenienxjbay from the Btate of Maine was sold in Mobile last. rupted by office. I believe he has held but one office, thatWinter in large quantities for $60 per ton, and in Ber- muda at $42 per ton.Massachusetts has not yet ridden herself of the midge, it seems. The New-England Farmer states that the wheat crop in-Aehby is badly injured, some say entirely destroyed, by the midge. So destructive have been its ravages, that the farmers are cutting their wheat for fodder. It has also made its appearance in Fitchburg, but has not proved equally destructive.A correspondent at Windsorville, Conn., anticipates that a Crop of potatoes of remarkable excellence will be sent from that district to our market. The early crop thereabouts, he says, must have yielded 200 bushels to the acre on good land. Owing to the favor- able season, "Indian corn never exhibited a finer stand; its deep, dark green color gives evidence to the farmer tbat he will have a full, and, probably, a very large crop.Theoatcropisestimatedatfromthirtytofifty bushels to the acre. Bye showed a full berry and large yield on good lands. Spring wheat did well. The grain of Winter wheat was plump, but there was a.general complaint of Winter-killing. W e caunot succeed with Winter wheat more than two years out ofthree."We are of those who believe that Winter-killing of wheat is not so much " an inscrutable Providence" as an evidence of bad farming. Put .good tile drains in a heavy clay soil, and the risk of Winter-killing is very essentially diminished.pears, come to a secret understanding with thecontinues to form the chief topic of conversation here and on the other side of the Channel. It seems that, in the first instance, the protest of thetWs is the case with the South of France. The now Odessa pressed hay brings ;a large price in the markets of Ghirka weighs fully 82 lbs. uerbushol; but in Hungary, Nor-" be greatly facilitated by it. The mode itself was lia-" ble to this further weighty objection, that the ~the Repre-planned between France and Russia, met with astrong support on the part of Austria and Prussia, at/a more liberal supplies of foreign, have been dull, .but prettysays that it learns from good authority that pressed him with respect and confidence. He has not been cor- " might yet be provided."well sustained, in consequence of the diminution of the stocks while Lord Palmerston, having just singled out, in the conntiy. Even if further liberal supplies are to be ex- during the fortification debates, Louis Napoleon as pected, a change to bad weather would produce a large business the great object of British suspicion, could not but at full price*; while an increased consumption ol fore'gn, though with fi» e weather, must, we think, prevent any serious declineIn tbe Convention of Virginia assembled to decide upon the acceptance or rejection of the Constitution, it was observed by Mr. Grayson "The Executive isIn another paper a Sicilian correspondent writesthat he hopes soon to see an end to the reign of the throw his weight into the balance of Turkey and till the new crop appears In quantity. Aud this is bnt a distantof a member of Congress for a single term. He is freshfrom tbe people; but he is none the leas conversantwith public questions. His speeches in Illinois, in thatmost memorable canvass against Mr. Douglas, showhim to be a careful observer, a profound thinker, aclose reasoner, and a sagacious statesman. I invite his "ber of , Electors appointed, or when more than bitterest opponent to look through them and find one " one have such a majority, and have an equal number intemperate statement, or an extravagant doctrine. " of votes, for then the Lower House is to vote by They are e istinguit>hed throughout by good temper and " States. It is thus changing throughout the whole. moderate views. Such a man will administer the Gov-infamous Bourbon, and all this is printed and sold the Man of December cot somewhat frightened, notgnder the eyes of the Ministers and of the King.S t © the Neapolitan IdoerSb *> » o t d a r « themselves only at the dictatorial tone assumed by Russia, butto strike the blow, and await Garibaldi and ill? still more at the sneers circulated in the saloons of army of volunteers, preferring to get their liberty the " anciens partis" and the low murmurs audibleSome of the Irish reports were gloomy, as it re- spected the potato crop, and it was asserted that large supplies of Indian corn would again be wanted. Prior to the distressing famine in 1847, our great staple wasown exertions. The Court seems to be quite help- sacque."food, but since then it has been largely, used in the form of a porridge or " stir-about." Should there be another general disease in the potatoes, this year, ourthe German Powers. It appears, moreover, that expectation."" * * * * to be elected by a number of " Electors in the country, but the principle is changed " w h e n no one has a majority of the whole num-men who anticipate an earlier harvest, and on the slender thread of their arguments, the British publio"withhold reaping tSiH after the 22d, then put on allpeaches are scarce.Corn is backward,but growingthere were th •> gladiators, with their retainers be- healthy, as also the officers and crews of the ships-of- prospects for the Autumn. The wheat crop, which is.hind them, but there was no audience worth war at Sacrificioe. of course, all cut and housed, is said to be better tlian in a small frame-building, rear of No. 258 West mentioning. Before the battle had commenced, The latest news from the capital is to the 5th. The it has been for five years; and the pats have yielded so Thirty-ninth street, occupied by John Yager. andlong-expected specie conducts lefb on the 3d for Vera George Smith, whose furniture was damaged to the its issue was known and its bulletin promulgated. Cruz.. It consisted of $3,600,000 when it left the City bountifully, that by some a return to the old price of amount of $500. No insurance. The fire extended to' Sfeacfe the indifference of the public. The coalized of Mexico, bat it was expected that the additions to be fifteen cents per bushel is expected. The corn crop on the adjoining building in the rear of No. 256, owned byparties,forming the so-called "Great Liberal made at Puebla and Jalapa would bringthe same up the limestone bottom about Cumberland, in Guernsey Joseph Beach, and occupied by several poor families.to about $4,OCO,000. '• County> is spoken of asaemaikably fine. In Muskingum Damage $200. The building is insured for $400 in the ^ a r t f , " notoriously sway a Parliamentary majori- The conducta would be escorted down to Plan del ABtor Insurance Co. The1 origin of the fire is un-ty, so that a defeat of the Cabinet could only have Bio by a large body of troops belonging to the Eeac- County the prices of produce, at present, are: for known. The families occupying No. 256 lost nearlyMoceeded from a split in the ranks of the majority. tionary party, where it would be delivered over to the "•wheat, 80 cents per bushel; oats; 18 to 20 cents; old all of their furniture. .,.-•'"•--': .'; : , members have alreadyshown, to the passions by which About the middle of December, 1800, the leaders oftiesofKameey,Hennepin,Anoka,Sherburne,,Wright,mandsoftheslaveholdershaveincreased,asitwas foreseen they would increase, till they no<vinsist that it shall be received ajfan undoubted article of constitu- tionallawthateveryacreofFederalterritory,wher-contractsforwhichitisto.beingreatmeasuredis-Stearns, Meeker, McLeed. Sibley, Le Sueur, andt8Cnm , g h tCCtir U n d e rneighbors in Kansas to come and stop with us in South-stimulate Ihem. election and the aseemolinfir ot the Electoral Colleges What, I should wish rather to do, is,to put forth those might serve for comparing opinions aud purpoees, tend-ern Nebraska this Fall and Winter, bringing withbuL The majority themselves confessed not only hangs its hopeB. The Mark Lane' Express keeps a. them all that. Jacob did when he sojourned in Egypt. us. Not, indeed, that I should-care to address those person. Tbe inequality of tbe Swtee was moreoverber of animals behind them when they go.''same time Garibaldi began to build fortifications on fraction of.the. new constitution bestowed upon "God of nature and, creation has afforded you"—a ness, and we hope it may do good to the people toeventful a clcse.. . i. O*About 12 o'clock on Monday night, a fire broke outUntitled Document^i^v^^y^.r^**^^^ ;->-;^[59«c;^WBI?wiK1'!'^','r::'^*'*?1"';ff*^<TMW5"""•.;.-••- •.'f?-y7-T,S'<:stenctsf Thereitafurtherpossibledanger.TheConstitutiondeclares that tbe House shall chSoee the^reddentoutof thetbree h ^ ^ d M a ^ . gfields ofpats apparently bearing less than fifty to sixty the moment of its acquisition, slave soil, and thatit isOregon, of Mobile, which was wrecked in the late bushels per acre. Barley and Rye are reported equal- the dnty of the Federal Government, with its 'over- est. There may be two or three equal in votes. Hr. stormatVeraCruz. „„,.,, ,'"'»' whelming power,to protect,uphold,enforce,thedo- LincolnandMr.Hamlin havingthehighestnumbers*The news of the appearance of Walker on the Is- ly good, but had generally been harvested before my mini, n of the master over the slave, even against the the rest may equal each other. Thus, suppose Mr'of Cuba.Also six American seamen belonging to the schoonervery possible that there may not be two or three biirh-land of Cozumel, on the coast of Yucatan, had trip."will of the local authorities, and the voice cf the sur- Lincoln's vote to be 150, and each of the others 51 tb«citement.A Nebraska correspondent kindly suggeststothepeo- but.for enormous.frauds of which the recent discovery sagacious jurists; and I mention it to show toward indescribable enthusiasm of the population, while ill temper at the success of his rival, to sneer at Sir much interest as the skillful physician feels in the pro- ple in the drouth-parched.districts of Kansas that they and proof in all their extent and wickedness has what breakers they are causing us to drift who arethe cannons frowning from the citadel remained si- Hugh's " forensic eloquence," and thus to draw gress of a serious malady; and scrutinize each little should migrate for the Winter to that portion of Ne- alarmed and disgusted the whole country. The bitter aiming to throw the election into Congress.lent as Clary began to embark his troops. The upon his own devoted head a regular volley of Tory item of news to foresee, if possible, the ultimate re- braska north of the Big Nemaha River, which stretches tree has borne its peculiar fruit. While we have suf- Tbe machinery for tbe election of President is la fered our adversaries have not prospered. They placed truth the weakest part of our Constitution; the weak-Neapolitan Commander-in-Chief entered the same interruptions. & . sult. The anxiety felt in England to know what for- to Omaha in Douglas County. " There," he remarks, an Adminis'ration in power of which the least that can est according; to the original theory, and made stUl day into negotiations with Medici, which continued The great faction-fight of the sesrion being over, tune really is in store for the farmer, is becoming al- " for over 100 miles the drouth has not been seriously be said i»that it has distracted the country and torn it3 weaker by the practice under it. rhe theory ot thethe following days. On the 27th Garibaldi and his whole flocks of honorable members are sure ;to most painful. Gloomy prophecies are made, and felt, and especially it has done little damage in the own party in pieces. ' " . , Constitution was, that the Electoral Colleges were to staff rode into Mewuna, and was soon followed by desert the House, so that Lord Palmerston, by the gloomy apprehensions entertained by the pessimists; country adjoining the Missouri River. The Wheat Meanwhile, yourparty here and everywhere else in be deliberative bodies, exercising their own judgmentthe country has remained united, and increaped in upon consideration of the fittest person to be President, Bixio, Coeenz, CoX^Bunne, the English officer who sheer process of exhaustion, may now succeed in while those who are disposedto lookatthe brighter side crop never was better; oats are a fair average, and strength. Every consideration which influenced them instead of being, as they now are, merely recording Lad organize^the ''Sons of Liberty," Gen. fiber, passing any little bill he has set his heart upon—i. e. of things, feel^confident that an almost average crop of corn the same; potatoes, are not very flourishing, but in 1856 must influence them now. The motives to this officers servmg- no other purpose than to register their the Hungarian exile and correspondent of The the monstrous Indian bill for the amalgamation of grain maybe harvested. That the harvest will be of melons and pumpkins there is enough and to spare. union and effort have become intensified in the inter- votes according to previous instructions. A failure to the local European army with the British army. thrown into September seems pretty certain, and all There is grass enongh to graze double our number of vening years. It should seem, therefore, unnecessary elect was therefore less probable, according to the limes, with,all their troeps, increasing Garibaldi's If any new striking proof were wanted of the depth and hardly profitable to re-state to our own members theory, thanIt has proved to be in practice. The di- army to about 20,000 men, but provided only with ot degradation Parliamentarism has reached in agree in admitting the great uncertainty which would cattle; and enough hay, corn-fodder, and straw, will the various considerations of moral principle and pub- rection in which tbe votes are to be cast, is now iu fact twelvecannons---theSicilianarmybeinginthisre- England,thisIndianbillandthetreatmeatitre- attendtheharvest,shouldthisunfortunateresulten- besecuredtomeetanyreasonabledemand.Wewould licpolicywhichhaveguidedourconductandstimulated determinedattbegeneralelectionfaxNovember,whilebetter sample than a very hot son- It is not, however, expected seems to be so good as to inspire the editor of The office, is a man of the purest character. No one has "member only in.the House of Representatives wouldthatanywheatwillbecuttillaboutthemiddleofAugust,andsome difltrictfein the North complain of its not yet being in ear. Farmer with a hope that its culture may be fully said, and I assume therefore that no one can say, a "the sickness or absence either of the Representative" or one of the Senators would have that effect."gium. Spain, like Northern Italy, finds a smaller yield of wheat has not yielded to the temptation; he has risen, by thought " it an evil, that so small a number, at any tnan was expected, though both countries have fine samplts, and Maine can do as well as this, one thing is certain. Her force of labor and of will, from poverty and obscurity " ra»e, should be authorized to elect; corruption wouUiyield, but generally less than an average is expected. Much ofthe beet barley is laid, and the entire growth varies considerably,though the breadth sown was large. A good deal more hay has serts that a Mr. Cary, in Aroostook county, ha« tMrty-been ctuted, much discolored, bnt much of the crop is still out.The potato disease is said by the largest growers to be advancing five acres of Spring wheat, which may yield thirty, tury, often in the midst of great privations and great " voting for the State, the States having one Ropreeen- rapidly; some taint appears also in Ireland, as well as in Bel- bushels to the acre. (Perhaps). Whether or not temptations; he has not sunk under the privation, he " tative only would still be subiocttothat danger." Hecrop which was very promising; and another editor as-political, and in all his transactions, professional or pe- cuniary, he is free from all exception and beyond all reproach. He has lived a laborious life of half a cen-Mr. Madison replied, that " if one Member of the "Hou-e of Representatives should be left capable ofiiand advocateforcible resistance to Mr. Littctrtn's in-auguration, if elected by the*people. If tbeWmeu are THE DANGER OF THROWING THE ELECTION I sincere, they will resist his election by toe represento*I•'meeting the 8< " be observed intent, as Mr. tostarveor wforBu.r.Tte first r\should have Howe would andimnedift'e « on tbe fir** l "jorityoftt« *'caseiheHoi " without hit "&pj»£artbfrt "After comml **HotiMe sbj- yiftii: "Thee "theballotmj * Honw."On the 11th met, and th.- elThere bein;.' ted, and the 1 '< mannerpr*wi rules they hat i there wer» ei^b two were div tdThe eight Sta all those so»"b Deiaw&re, a- d Nortfi-Eaatern lira, voted for . were divided.Two or thr«t to the Homf- oi ill wa* attendTwe.nty-eiuh intervals, oect noon.The Houae adjournment fc firtt night, the tially evaded next four d«yionly five ballot 29th ballot; on ballots, and on"Ample ti:M Historyj had b if he could, itu; fers on both lie bars"subcep'M"Apartot t began already agitated by tie to be circuliiU most de*j.«-n.i« son himself, in wrote to Monti of the Oppo*; ti arms and call a tution, prevent to vest the exw tion of Preside high ofilcer.'^HadCorijrt of inWathixigt be'ng invadedOn the 16th" bad arrivea 1 " ciee of* a di*c " Federalists" of Delaware " members, ac " to yield, it " chance, andThe35,h>J like tho former day of tha prot; Mr. 1«orris of 1 land Federabai thus.giving t«< a majority, nnd' of the leading: public mindlasted sixty daj to February 1/. time, Hamut< n ington, and 15u tore. On the wrote Mr. Mad the Federal;iU " vent an elect* " Senate pro te " s'retch of theHamilton wa ponded with (Jo almost daily.Bayard held til on January 7ti " With respects " iters, I ttuould: " Jeffereon(ifh " in Mr. Burr." the Governm< " and political t "jectedin the 1On the 15t,lj oi Monre, two d.**y "IftheFeuer pass a law for pan officer, they election. Bnt all, openly and I the Middle State tion,even-for This first shook ! & Hamilton's.fet to such a pitch tl contest—" It is" that while th " was pendi:is' " ties were org " event of there " Feieraliste anIn 1824, Gcut: ford were tbe cs largest numt* r vows. The Hot and cho«j Mr. / followed. Loux dates having tl a violent politic been the exporw in which it ha* I Pi evident. Tkti ter days. A prt t h e MX-»nd-t<iin kvter of theee <>e•150 members. the ablest aud n has degenerated' oil in ability. T found the great a From the first second day of without, a hf ud one day let?* ning of the pw olserver of wh*an idle student think it safe to such an arena,or won, accordin tion, endurance. All ihie one migl necessary, in ore evil, or to cote pai foretell * hich of moet in the eentcc doubtful, aud the the purest, most our time. To yo no pary, who ta to peek the proi moderate council to address my.-< Itdates, Mr. Linco! elected; and tint the truest to theI will «uppcse y if you could ex«u prefer auotbor c choice ia in the pi choose , between chances of a »t) u$ lesuee. All opj-oj in this: to proventbe people may *1 has lees of popola that this may be d noisy, turbulenc. man from Orv.»ro New-York. It mi spectable choice w it is certain tiutt th- T h e Hid Distlyn indorsed Coheartily, aud pftlcompliment, recpitheir renominiuio:AV.o/f«-J. That ti» honorable exoepti-'iM bution. and w«* c« I u( Ita corrupt actiou is u—The btrgebt Athens, Me., was inst. The Hon. was one of the *p—The Republic ing for a grand Ithaca, Horace ( Hon. C. Ii. BeaJe address the meetix vania, ia also ex,.'!•*.xjmte leadtedefiance,andwhocantell, ordaresto tunetoaddressthe.citizens;pf JPhiladelpbia upon the KS? °fWhatmayhappenonthefloorof the House,issues of the then pending/canvass.' It was, I thought, before the fourth of March 7 *»ounoing people. It is alsojlemanded by no inconsid- Government would be at a dead lock. Neither the Senate nor the House could make a choice. If you tell rable portion of. the slaveholders that toe prohibition me tbattbis is a very improbable contingenTy, I an-upon the slave-trade shall be taken off, that they mayconsiderations which might influence others to act with ing to produce an agreement of a majority upon asingleW e cannot shut our eyes to the constitution of that body, to the lack of self-command which many of itsSome of the scenes, as they appear in the histories and correspondence of the time, it may be useful nov» to recall. •. •<:,''-J^- $PbM'' '••• ' ',•• :'• % •"beindangerofhavingnovoteAtallintbeelection;Mr. Jefferson had 73 votes; Mr. Burr, 73; Mr. Adams, 65; Mr, Pinckney, 04; Mr. Jay, 1.°« w £ 3 w K -'' •"<& . '».• ,. jfc •*..M&M*-iM*^&x-&te^l»4.W*wt«rtMAiSWv;. . v . y *www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 