 ^rte 1 S••! ' itio .., , >le•NEW-YORK DAILY TRTOUNE, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1860.'ia of tie invitation of the Ladies* of Mount Vernon ]y civilized countries, where there were no re- from Illinois (Mr. Douglas) 6honld own a plantation in ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the State of Ru&bing Xiegiftlatiott" -A " 3$£g I lutely in harmony with Christian meekae*, showing,TigT M 3T- iry Hid of ireie »erof aiyr7 C Ion>r-18-•itID-1C-tkat dica- bim,de- his •ongar- tion>ici- He of the>nor Igard rvitlg LadSpre- lever50.fchose is so usual i and ity in w inwithdttee, sd not a*tion GOT. le rui- gjrousthat red by ity re- piaceri. P .1*00.to hear n ferryex-At- a favor "ra.s M .of the he bilL amitt**?Tore the Ublinh- e-York.i860, ay by a a« testi- fU Sick- le been rivania, npehire,larolina. J-troiJua, ia. Mr. ich is to .Sickles axhe in-7 The y The>f Com- £ baw»d> by Con- ratua,be Govern- leci die ;he Hon- ijuee on.jmwWe*•Mr. ALDRICH (Rep., Minn,) asked, but failed toobtain, consent to offer a resolution instructing the decided preference for Wm. II. Seward as a candidate\lands in the interest of the Cardinals. Above all, it is inthe power of the Iriuh and of their Bishops to increneeanhundredfoldthevalueofthepropertyandtheincomeof St. Petey. The immensa desolated solitudes be- Pike is said X,<tweon Civita Vecchia aud the Pontine marshes, nour- jail in How > be an escaped convict, haviag brokenard County, Ind., three months ago. He ished onco several millions of people. Their soil ia was locked up at Head Quarters*.,among the richest and most productive on the earth, ght, a German named Herpst, whilo parsingand tboy need only to be brought under the .in- UJ> .r 0 i ! 'dway, near Prince street, accidentally jostled\could not sue in that Court. The Court decided that a comprehend his charges, or was unable to reply to man may be so monstrous low that he cannot sue for them. lie again stated them, and went on to arguetitm, sworn to by every new Pope, constitutes the Late yesterday afternoon C ,flice Blackwood* of the rfamily raw or regulation—it cannot be cilled publio First Precinct, arrested a coJ o r e d man named Jones, in law—of the Papal Administration, and the Cardinala, the employ of. S. T. Gordf ,n> music dealer, No^OG who arc the Legates, ;u-c posuesaors and oppressors of Broadway, charged with f / r e a kbig open and robbingi *-'Committee of Ways.and Means to inquire into the ex- pediency and propriety of removing the National Cap- ital to some point west of the Mississippi.for the Presidency.Icans here.Mr. DAVIS—We charged you truthfully. Much excitement now existed.County. When last seen, he was about taking the were also indicted at the same time. Kelly and. Price,cars at Hamilton for Niagara Falls. fearful of the ccnse^uenccs, have, since the action of Mr. James Vance, an old resident of this city, com-: ,J ,.•escaped from the great State of Georgia, yet she comes tecting their own'citizens. No asperity of lan- hare and is ready in her rage to make war on the guage, no frowning countenance nor denunciationUnion, to tear its pillars down, and involve us all in shall ever induce Ohio to forget what is due to her one common ruin. And why, Sir ? Because they sovereignty and to the protection of her own citi/.ensthat Slavery is not the normal condition of man, but it is an institution that has outgrown tho times iu which it formerly lived, and now only lives on the suffrage of mankind. I will eay nothing about it in the States. It is bad enough where there are four millions of un- paid laborers in competition with the laborers of the North. Keep it within your own boundaries, and conduct it in your own way. If it is wrong—audit is wrong^—your new philosophy cannot stand the ecrutiny of the present age. Yea, more; it is founded on theMr. BINGHAM (Rep., Ohio) earnestly demanded mitted suicide to-day by shooting himself through the the Grand Jury .in the premises, kept out of•W*)--«r,- -'do not blame anybody, because I know it i3 the natureof us all to make use of all the powers we have tothe advantage of our own principles, our own inter-ests, and our own views. Cndoubtwdly, Sir, I due. He" would have just as much ground to accuseserve lands for similiar purposes.3Jiot endangered the Government so far 1 He com-plained that we were faithless in tho execution of hi*fugitive bill, and yet he told us that such was the loy-alty of the servants of the people of Georgia that,since the days of the Revolutionary War to the presentday, not one hundred for any cause whatever had hold the doctrine of State Rights, you endanger the hertelf. W e hear this cry from the South of " Southern escaped. Sir, had not that Senator small reason to liberty of your own States when you contend Rights," but we hear /nothing from the secure region complain of anybody ? Scarcely a negro a year had against the power of the States to pass laws pro- of Freedom and Free Labor. All this goes to showi>confess it is ti ue. W e do intend it, Sir. If I understand find in this Republican party so repulsive to them.•'" * ..*-""/.'*the Constitution by which a certain class may be taken out of her limits 1 That would be to abandon to any ruthless and unprincipled man whatever he mighting, with the fathers, that liberty was the gift of God to every being, and had sutspoaed that this was self evident. lfXthere is any one here who will noi for himself respect the old sentiment—" Give me Liberty, or give me Death!"—let him speak who would not rather follow a friend or relation to the grave than into the shambles of eternal Slavery. I know it is said the African is an inferior race and cannot defend his own rights. But my ethics tell me that so far from this giving the right to enslave him, it should teach men to be more scrupulous of Ids rights. I know he is still$100,000.The House went into Committee of the Whole onthe state of the Union, with but few members present. Mr. VAN WYCK (Rep., N. Y.), in his speech, said he had never deserted the principles Democracy early taught him. But the Democrats of the present day devote their powers to the perpetuation and extension of human servitude, while the principles the Repub- licans advocate are those heretofore declared by the Democrats, and medntained by. the fathers of the Re- public aid frumors of the Constitution. In noticing the repeated declarations that the election of Mr. Seward to the Presidency would be sufficient cause for a resistance, he said this must mean by force; but where would the South get their arms and gunpowder, as none were manufactured south of the Potomac. Why, in 3814, after the American retreat fromBla- denwburg, the British could have crowned a King in this Capital. He impugned not Southern courage, but he hazarded the opinion that if the Capital had stood in New-England the British Would not have been so successful there as in Washington. He spoke about the despotism at the South, which was as galling to the whites as to the blacks; and said there was no attribute of the Almighty, no command in His Word nor spirit of tho gospel, which tolerated the sentiments as uttered by Southern gentlemen, that Slavery is adivine institution.tion resulted as follows: John A. Andrews of/ Boston, ties of Africa.602; Ensign H. Kellogg of Pitt;d3eld, 602; Geo. S. The Rev. Dr. HAGUE thought this meeting markedBoutwell of Groton, 455"; Linus B- Comins of Rox- an era in the world's history; it was tho commence- s> bury, 393. The above were elected. ment of the civilization and regeneration of Africa, lie Messrs. Dwight Foster of Worcester, Wm. Clafliu maintained that Africa was industrious and not indo-of Newton, John S. Eldridge of Canton, and Erastus lent. He said their language indicated a much higherHopkins of Northampton, were elected as substitutes. range of thought than those of most other heathc-n na- Messrs. Andrews and Kellogg are reported to be tions. The nationalization of the race was its onlyfavorable to Mr.. Seward, Mr. Boutwell to N. P. hope of future greatness. In proof of the deve'opmentAssociation, to visit the tomb of Washington to-day. straints of law, and where semi-barbarism reigna, Mississippi, and should wish to take the slaves into a the Union.Thelatterwenttotakeformalpossession.Idon't knowbut^thiscode might be necessary. If Territory,letmeaskwhiohStateinitssovereignty is Mr.MORRILL eaid bisobjectwastoaffordafair men cannot be restrained by a more elevated principle affected? That where the negroes are, or the StateFIRST SESSION.SENATE.—WASHINGTON Marshi7, I860. Mr. SEWARD (Rep., N. Y.) presented the petitaon of the citizens of Brooklyn in favor of the Homesteadb t He also presented the petition of,500 citizens of Berks and Bucks Counties, Pennsylvania, asking pro- tection on coal and iron. .Mr. SUMNER (Bep., Mass.) introduced a resolution instructing the Committee on Judiciary to inquire into the expediency of appointing a Commission to revwe and arrange in proper form the statutes of the United States- Adopted.The bill making appropriations to carry into effect the treaty of stipulations with the Indians of Oregon ami Washington was reported from the Committee ofy\nance, and pa«»ed.Mr, BROWN'S (Dem., Miss.) resolutions relative toTerritories was taken up.Mr. W ADE thought these resolutions worthy ofnotice, as they seemed to embody the views of the Democratic party, and they were entirely opposite to the principles for which he should contend. The pub lie mind is greatly agitated in the consideration of thethe Constitution and ready to trample it under foot. pose the Senator from the State of Fejee should appear desire to seethe bill passed through the House under And now, Sir, just see how inconsistent a gentleman in this body, then I believe they not only hold a part of the whip and spur of the previous question, or the gag-may be. . . I have no idea that he meant to express their population in SlaveryJbut they hold to eating a law.The bill to authorize a railroad in Seventh avenue and other streets, New-York, which was introduced byAFRICANCVILIZATTONprinciples contained in these resolutions and other sim-ilar ones. It is a little remarkable that the loudestcomplaints came from those who have had the powerand administration of the Government for many years,andhavemoldeditspolicyandbeeninpossessionofthovast revenues. The party to which I belong havebeen for many years without any power to control inany way the policy of the Government. It is a sin-'gular fact that those who have the army, the navy and*he Treasury under their control now stand camplam-3ng; and they come forward to tell us that maladmin-istration is such, or their principles are such, that it nial. When has there been a ^faithful execut'on will he better to tear down the pillars of the Govern- of this most rigorous, odious, and, I believe ment and involve us all in one common ruin. The in Imany provisions, unconstitutional law: Mr. question might well arise—How happens it that you, Webster thought it had no warrant, except in iu- who have been in possession of the power of the Gov- dicial decisions. But he was not going to argue thisy. Wlnslow, and Wright—Ti.NA YS—Messrs. Adams (Mass.), Adams (Ky.); Adrain, Aldrich,ca, and the gxowtb of cotton, and other tropical products by fre* nearly all the ground of the five bills' reported to the nbor. ' ..,Assembly. Madame Rumor states that this affair was With tie blersing of God they hope to-secure as the 'ernment for at least, seven years, should have so con- ducted it that yon are now apprehensive of ruin ? I ean deduce no otl er conclusion than that those whopoint. Mr. Wade' referred to the clause giving power to commissioners as decidedly unconstitutional. It gives them $10 to decide one way, and $5 the other.much consideration as is generally bestowed upon the many to act the part of the good Samaritan toward Africa, by contributing liberally to this object, andbuilding of a school-house. Among those prominent thus enabling the Society to enter at otce upon thein opposing the remarkableactiou were Mesors. Gardi- work of African Evangelization and Civilization. From net, Prosser, Bell, and Goss. the accounts recently received from missionaries and[NOTK.—The provi.'ions of this bill will be found in our cor- explorers now in the field, the Society is encouraged—never, never, Sir! And she takes no prouder stand whether they lost them by Abolitionists or not. But on this subject than I hope in (Jod every other State in-when the gemleman comes here to maintain that kind this Union takes. Then, the Senator was wrong and of argument, it is perfectly evident that,there i3 some- uncandid to say onr constituents were perjured, whenthing else than the consciousness of any real losses by they have taken every precaution to protect tho citi- the unfaithfulness of those whom they abuse. Well, zens of States holding a species of property we utterlytace receiveved information that Kelly was in Advices from Noithern Mexico, received via Galves- this city, which fact he telegraphed to- t' oe Sheriffhave lost one poor nigger a year. He does not tell usNEW-ORLEANS, Tuesday, March 6, 1860.others. He spoke of Northern courage, and said in ton, report that Carvajal is seeking American aid for of Erie County, and yesterday tliat offic lal, armedthat fcection the craven notes of disunion were never Juarez. • with a bench warrant, arrivedin the city. L mi eveniug heard. The North will not surrender their principles It is aleo reported that Miramon has ordered Corti- the Sheriff, accompanied by Officer EiKta#t ,' proceeded,to Southern dictation, and are del mni^ed to sustain na to holdout until March, when he would, receivethe Union. reenforcementa. , , , to the residence of Kelly in Eighth avenue, near Thirty-The steamer De Soto, from Havana on the 3d inst., seventh street, and took the prize-nghv .r in custody.Mr. BURNHAM (Rep., Ct.) said that on-assembling is below, but her news is unimportant. Kelly, under the impresdion that both vyere Buffalo- here there was no disposition on the part of the Re-T i l i n g . " SpecialDispatehtoTheN.Y.Tribune..ALBANT, Wednesday, March 7,1860. Tbo Senato this evening was the scene of the most Senator accused us of being perjured and faithleas to should annex the Fejee Islands to this nation, and sup- to be donated, but the principles involved. He did not extraordinary legislation ever witneseed in that body.beyond any cavil, that Romanism can be reconcile* with the spirit of the age, and the loss of the Bomagna* thus be made an immense gain to St. Peter.than fear, it may he necessary to teach respect for the wheie the slaves are owned ? On the same ground we • Mr. BRANCH remarked that, the bill was of vast XXXVITH CONGRESS, i rights of others even by fear of the combat. But the might eay, suppose, as will probably he the case, we importance, not only as to the public property proposedGUBOWSKI.SOCIETY.the full import of^ his language,. because he came heretaking the same oath as I did and yet he told us hewas eager for the signal from the Old Dominionto declare war. He was ready, prompt and eagerto second her motion, for he said, " one blasta upon her bugle horn would raise a million" men." For what ? Why, to throw down the pillarsportion of them. Suppose he&hould take his chattels He desired to offer amendments, as the provisions of Mr. Eiero last evening, reported from tho Committee to our Territory and claim the protection of our coun- tho bill wero grossly unjust to the old States. of Cities and Villages to-day, made a special order.forhave been in possession of this power have shown We are told this would not buy magistrates, but thatthemselves incapable of administering the Gov- the magistrates who generally decide these would be wish to make, because I know your determination to ernment on such principles as it 'should be influenced by a " fi'penny bit?' Mr. Wade went on to extend Slavery arising from this"new philosophy, thit administered npon. 1 do not believe any Senator speak of other provisions of this law, and said the Slavery is the normal condition of the laboring man, here from the Southern States can look me in the face North never denied any constitutional law, and never and that it is right, just, and proper, if not necessaryrespondent's letter in another column.] , ^—Massachusetts Republican State Convention.to commence a Christian industrial settlement in Yoiuba, where the chiefs are willing to- re- ceive missionaries and settlers, and have prof- fered their friendphjp to thoee coming to do themgood-. and say that he has notf and his • section has not had will resist such a law. The law is unpopular, for it to the happiness of all concerned. If you are right in their full phare of political power'from the organiza- goes against the hearts and consciences of the great that I will go with you. Let us extend it, and let us tion of the Government until now. No, Sir. It is per- masses of the North, and nothing-short of the'Almighty employ missionaries to preach the glory of Slavery, fectly obvious that your power in this Government has 'Power changing their hearts can make them eager to and induce the whole world to turn slaveholders or been altogether in disproportion to your numbers. I execute this law. In the South, where the feeling is slaves. I am glad at last to see thisgreat question placedon a solid foundation, for every man knows that nopolitical .principle can be placed on anything short ofeternal justice and right. The Senator from Georgiamay teil us that Slavery is the basis on which societyhas been founded for thirty centuries. SiTj it is discov-ered that it iBa sandy^ foundation, which is fast wash-ing, away with the advance of mankind in civilizationand knowledge. It is a principle that is deemed bar-barons, and which is passing away. On that issue letus stand. If Slavery is right, let us extend it; if it iswrong, let it die the death. I hardly know how tomeet this issue, for I have been in the habit of believ- iigriofiltnral products of the country, with a capital ofIn the course of his remarks he expressed his un- flinching devotion to the Union, and also declared hisThe Rev. Dr. ASA D. SMITH said that he had no prejudice against color, and he did not advocate the emigration of black men, on the ground that they were inferior in capacity; nor did be wish to get rid of them. He took the ground of philantbrophy. He pointedwould do the same thing. And, you, Sir, complainof the administration of this Government and say thatit is a total failure, to such a degree that yon are medi-tating its utter ani entire destruction. Who is toblame for all this except those who hat! the power andhave controlled all the policies of the Government tomat themselves ? This is most mauifest from the con-fession of those who complain. It is but the shadow passed a law in violation of the Constitution of the great principle which I contend for, thrown of the United States, and she never has across the political horKoa, that disturbs the been derelict to her duty in this particular. equanimity of our Southern brethren. The Senator Does the Senator suppose that any sovereign from Georcna (Mr. Toombs) told us that they State of this Union ia going to relinquish all her rights were in the possession, and he was proud of over her citizens because there is a certain provision inMr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.), from the Committee on the District of Columbia, reported a bill incorpo- rating the United States Agricultural Society. _ He said a gentleman had proposed to deed a lot hi this city on which to erect the buildings for the exhibition of theof Seward proclivities.^J u AFTERNOON SESSION.,The Committee on Credentials reported 117 towns,represented by 076 delegates.The first ballot for delegates to the Chicago Conven-highest esthetic development, and for such ac atTec- tional Christianity as had been trecn everywhere e'se. In conclusion, he referred to Blind Tom, who piava 1,100 airs, and said that he was a type of the capabili-different, when slaves are brought there • from the Coast of Africa, in violation of the law against piracy, these very magistrates cannot inflict the punishmentthe South of perjury because the victims of the yacht Wanderer are not released, and her officers punished, as they have to accuse us because we do not execute swiftlv enough a law more odious and repugnant to us. The next charge of the Senator is that of passing Personal Liberty bills. There is no foundation under the heavens for this charge against Ohio.' Ohio neverMuch interest is manifested in the proceedings, and, out the principal advantages which awaited the African at present, appearances indicate the choice of delegates in Africa, and said that he looked iu Africa for theit—and well he might be—of 850,000 squaremiles of the moet beautiful country God ever"bestowed upon ronn; and he informed us, Sir, that itwas capable of sustaining a population greater than chocso to claim, Cannot a State prevenl the kidnap-that of Europe; and 1 believe he spoke within bounds ping of her citizens because you have a right to claimwhen he said so. He told as there were hut twelve a slave ? The Constitution says that any person owingmillions of people inhabiting that country. And we service to any other State shall be given up, but it a human being; they are still men and women; and all know that the Slaveholding States in point of area does not state the means by which this shall be ascer- there are thousands "now in bondage who aro much are one-third greater than that of the Free States, tained. I appeal to the Senator from Georgia if heBanks, .and Mr. Comin3 non-committil.A vote taken in the cars on their return to Bostonstood: Seward, 129; Banks, 56.o>of that continent he said that one man in Gi"aham&to wn had made a tun of wire for crinolice.The Rev. Mr. DOWLING thought this was not a-small meeting. When he heard Dr. Hague f>ay so he felt inclined to say with the enthusiastic sister at the prayer-while they contain-now not more than one-half of the believes that the framer of the Constitution wouldpopulation. He showed their prosperity; and that, have consented to a provision tuat deprived the States actuated b"y the same motives" as we are. They were too, is so. Is not, then, anomalous, these whinings utterly of the power to protect their own citizens ? No, treated like brutep, their souls may be ignored, you and complaints about the aggression and oppression of Sir. But it is frequently said that the Constitution would may whip and trample them down, but as they are the North, who are entirely out of power, and when not have been framed if this had not been provided for. human beings they will rise from the utmost degrada-we know that the property . claimed by these Bnt so far. from this being the case, it was a mere after tion and stand forth in the image of Gcd, the conscious gentlemen was never so prosperous as to-day? thought. The Constitution was formed in all its im- candidates of immortal life. This gives them a full Slaves are higher than they have ever been before, portant particulars before any man thought of this pro- consciousness of their manhood, that stands as an and their employment is more profitable to the owner vision, and it was placed there with no idea that a State eternal proof that they are not always to be slaves. than it has ever been. In one moment, it is the glory should surrender any power to protect her own citi- But if it is right, why this perturbation and fear at and boast of Southern gentlemen, and, in the very zens. If that Convention was jealous of any one thing the South lest their institutions should fall? Why is it next breath, all is ruin and despondency. How ia it, more than another, it was of the rights of the States, you withhold knowledge, from the slaves? What Sir? If the North have conducted themselves so and they battled inch by inch, against eveiy principle means this persecution of Northern men who goshamelessly toward Southern institutions, if their undoii- that looked to the surrender cf any State power. They there? What is this fear of the Helper book? Ifgroend railroads have so sapped the foundations of never intended to give any power to any person to your peco'iar institutions, how is it that your property claim any body they chose. It was only to claim the nas risen in the market, and now stands higher, by your fugitive from labor, and when that has been ascertain- own boasting and showing, than at any former period ? ed, no State has resisted the law. But the Senator saysIn the course of his remarks, he said that Southern- ers talked about burning witches in New-England, for- getting that slaves are burned at the s-ake at the South-Last night, Patrick McHugh cut his wife's tbroat,killing her instantly; John Muller was fatally stabbed its Anniverf ary in the month of May, when it wouid be in a street affray, and A. H. Bayard fell suddenly dead addresped by the Hon. Francis P. Blair, the Hon. J. in the street. R. Ciddings, the Rev. Mr. Martin of Boston, and H.These things cannot be. One other thing I would notice. The Senator from Georgia (Mr. Toombs) rose ia his place, and with a kind of despair on his counte- nance said that we on this side of the Chamber werethe enemies of the countrv. He felt them to be tho cnetme* of his country, and power -would be unsafelythat Ohio, among the rest, has committed a kind of perjury by passing Perwnal Liberty bills. Mr. Wade referred to the la w of Ohio, to prevent slaveholding, and read the last section", as follows:Mr. DAVIS (Ad. Dem., Miss.) r03e excitedly, and was understood to say that the assertion was false.Montgomery turnpike, was burned to death.This morning, the hat and cap store of L. Isaacs &.Co. was damaged by lire to the extent of $1,500. Sympathy for the Pope.TOKONTO C. W., Wednesday, March 7,1860.A large public meeting was held at St..Michael's Cathedral last night to express sympathy with theNo. 23 Bible House. > .Mr. ROBERT HAMILTON sang a song, and the meet-ing adjourned. .LATE ITEMS.—Several months ago the Grand- Jury of Erie Conntyr in thi3 State-, found a true bill of in- dictment against James Kelly, alias Australian Kelly,the accused being charged with engaging in a prize lightNothing in the preceding »ection of- this act shall apply to ary uct done by any p«raon under the authority of the Constitution itxiged in OUT hands. Why unsafe, Sir, if we have of iiiv T'uited bkatwe. or of auy l&w of the United Stat< H madethings, though the Senator from Virginia (Mr, Hunter) nity to its Repret6ntative3 to reply. Ho pronounced -in pursuance thereof.may say Slavery is the normal condition aud Freedom bnt an experiment which is likely to come out second best, everything showB the security of the North, and shows which is the normal condition of man aud whichAnd, continued Mr. W., now, I ask the Senator if hewag upon the bench, and if a fugitive was brought before him under this law, if he would have any diffi- as great as all your Slaveholding State3, so secure and culty in surrendering him? Let me say to you who, conscious of her strength that she forms an em aire ofMr. VAN WYCK was not to be interfered with by Pope of Rome. Over 4,000 persona were present.Sir, as the Senator from Georgia seemed to be the repudiate. Ohio is never forgetful of her rights. She selfishness and cupidity of man, and not on the justice Attorney-General to bring in a bill of indictment against send3 no Senators here to denounce the sovereign- of God. There is*the "difficulty with your institutions, this side'of the Senate, I propose, for a brief period, to ties of other States. But When her rights and the foundation of your fear. Bnt asto the vast review some of the arguments, some of the declara- are assailed, her embassadors would be unfaith- Territories of this.country, if I am right, and Slaverytions, and some of the vituperation contained in that speech, for I acknowledge ham to be among the ablest and most experienced Senators of thi3 body, and if any case ccuid be made out against the North for any vio- lation of doty, he was able to make it manifest. He had the ability, »nd cextainly he did not lack the zeal, and if he faded w»th another noted character, he failedwhere Satan could not aland. He eet fourth, Sir, with the charge of treason, of perjury, cay of cowardice, which I confess grated moi-e harshly than all the other accusations made use of. We were •tcld that we, with the untold millions we repre- sent, bad so lost our sense of honor that we could not recent an injury. Did he believe we were arrantcowards on this side 7 If he did, and I have no doubr.he did—if he believes this side of the chamber are allnon-combatant8; I will not believe he intended to-earna cheap reputation for valor against those whom hesupposed would neyer meet the challenge. It is knownto'every body that the people of the Free States haveutterly repudiated.this old, and they contend, barbarous,mode of settling difficulties with a duel. Every intel Court, keeping within its jurisdiction and restraining to provide *omc means whereby this unfortunate class Territories.S 'iillINinful to their trust if they, did not hurl back any such im- is branded and condemed by the God of nature, then, putation. The third count of thiB indictment was that in Heaven's name, go with me to limit it, and not to we intended t>prohibit and to limit Slavery in the vast propagate this curse. Now, I ask Senators what they Territories of the United States. Sir, to that charge Ipublicans to renew, unnecessarily, the Slavery agita' lion. They had been content to leave it for the pres- ent, and were disposed to combine with others to ferret out the abuses, corruptions, and extravagances of this Administration, but at the very commencement of the session it was quite evident that the " irrepressible conJlict " was still going on, and that it was not to be permitted by gentlemen to cease. It was charged that the Republican party was sectional, because taoy have no members here from the Slave States, but they would have them in the course of time. He wished to know how lon# it would be before the Democraticparty would be subjected to the isame charge ? for in the North their numbers wero >xnowinjf beautifully lessoers, made considerable resistance, VJ id pistols were The Case of Sherman Hff, Booth. drawn on both-sides, but tho weapoas '<vere finally reMILWAUKEE, Tuesday, March 7, 1860. placed without being used, the fighter being informed The Supreme Court of this State has refused to granta habeas corpus, applied for in the case of Sherman M. that he would be taken at all hazar J dead or alivethe objects and purposes' of the Republican partv, it Our principles are only these: we hold that Slavery is was brought into power on this very subject. When wrong, and inconsistent with the best interest of theBooth. Chief-Justice Dixcn was against the applica-tion, and Judge Payne v>asconsidered disqualified on course of half an hour there af^r i^ w a athe General Government had broken all the pledges to limitation will not he hard upon you, because you have Freedom in our Territories, the Republican party rose laud enough to support a population as large as that ofto oppose this unconstitutioual aggression. Had therebeen no violation of the Missouri Compromise, very Europe, and centuries will roll away before you willprobably there would have been no Republican party occupy what you now have. The next thing we hold here. We intend to defend the Territories of this is the principle of the Honiebtead bill; and we demand,country against the pollution of Slavery. There wc aleo, that there shall be protection to Northern laboraccount of his being Mr. Booth's attorney in the case before bis eloction to the Supreme Bench.visited by numerous synapot' uizing shoulder- hitters. City Judge Russell ever , condescended to visit Mr. Kelly, and to relieve hiu , f his presentstand, -and there is our - platform, and there we shall against the pauper labor of Europe. These are the stand forever. But the Senator claims the right to only measures of the Republican party<ficers' Room, and-Kelly was hold in $1,000 to appearcarry slaves into the Territories because the decisionof the Court given him that right. Now no man has the country, who, he said, Were the victims of deepas the policy of the party . becomes more thoroughly Rome are sadly disturbed at the curtailment which the developed. He explained and sustained the Repub-ge. Peter Hamill of No. '178 East Tenth street be^u ne Ids surety. Pricelias not yet been captured. Tite other parties indictedmore respect for the decisions of the Courts, whenacquired, are to undergo. The Legations, or what is with Kelly aDd Price, amongitKelf.from anv political connection, so, Sir, in exact proportion do I abhor and scout one from the corruptligent man knows fuli well that the man who indorsed this practice in the North has so fallen nnder the ban of public opinion that he could afterward re- ceive no olhce of tru?t or honor in any of tho3e State*. He is treated as an outcast; and if, by any accident, he should happen to be triumphant, he would be deemed a criminal, and held as such in society. I know full well, and I regret it, that this etate of things, although undoubtedly just in itself, has placed us at a disadvan- tage here, I feel that tins eenament, prevailing at theNorth, although righteously, baa frequently placed us,as it were, at the mercy of those who construe ourforbearance as a want of courage. It is not strangethat this ztate of things should exist among the North-ern people. W e have had no reason to distrust thecourage of the people there. Why, Sir, physical cour-age with our Northern people is a sentiment so generalibat it is cheapened by its universality. Who ever hass**en the Northern man fail on the field of combat I his life,- and 1 believe this is the first nation on God's that the Free States had violated the Constitution. Was it not known that braver men never stepped on earth that ever put a being hi human form upon so low The South felt no insecurity except from invaders. the quarter-deck, nor entered the perilous breach.' a level as that But the majority of the Court said She had never sent up petitions here asking protectionWho ever heard of a coward at the North when duty called ? But if I understand the Senator, we on this side,andtheuntold millions we represent, have notthe ccurage to maintain our honor.TOOMBS—I would refer the Senator to my speech.The moment the Court transcends its authority for tained for them. He would not do them an injustice, the purpose of affecting any political cause, its decision or in any way compel them to do anything against is impertinent, and, with the Courts of Georgia, I say their interests, but he hoped this principle would be I hold it in bitter contempt, and if there ever was a engrafted on the Republican platform, and then weeyer.t of the election of a Republican President. The North would accept that issue. If the Union could not stand the election of such a man, then let it slide.Mr. MOORHEAD (Rep., Pa.) said tho Republican parly will meet in Convention for the nomination of a Presidential candidate, and certainly install him if elected, and not permit any outside influence to .Hway them from their purpose. He did not believe the Union would be dissolved, whoever was elected Presi- dent. : He reviewed the revenue policy of the Govern- ment, and in advocating the protection of American, in- dustry, said this would tend more than anything else to strengthen the bonds of the Confederacy.The Committee (if the only five roieinbers pre3ont can be called such) rose. Adjourned..<» !decision on God's earth that would warrant any pri- shall hear no more about negro equality or anything of that sort. He would have the two races separate, vate man or Senator saying, " I hold it in contempt," and have them both prosperous and happy in the cli-z0it is that Dred Scott decision. What was the case ?was settled that the Papal State—in contradistinctioa Atlantic Docks, Bseohlyn. Sir ice the robbery tho\ n old negro prosecutes for his liberty in the Federal mate best suited to their nature—each enjoying tliat Jcurts. Old Dred Scott sued for his freedom, and the liberty and freedom • from all oppression which is thewheat, has been moaoar ed, and io .?tead of three hundred held by the Pope us Lord Paramount for the good and bushels, the amouni stolen amoi jjats to about oin'ht hun-Cc„ God-givtn right cf every human''boiug.plea was put in that being the descendant of Africa he Mr. TOOMBS fluid the Senator either could notto the patrimony of St. Peter—should henceforth bethe advantage of the College of Cardinals. This pac- dred. 'of her industry. She had not complained of the man- that Dred . Scott being a negro, a descend- ner in which the Government had been administered,I>eni<>cvalic Meeting al Piftebtorgh. tht'se lands. letters. The porter was engaged to carrv letters toant of African ancestors, who having been bnt did complain of the action of State Governments.slaves he could not maintain a suit in that Mr. WADE briefly replied, and the subject was Court, because he was not a/citizen. I ask if that postpored till to-morrow.PITTSBURGH, Wednesday, March 7, J.8bU TheDemocraticRatificationMeeting held here to- night, was one of the largest ever held in this city. Ilnndredstwere unable to get into Masonic Hall. Dr. McCcok presided, with a lasge number of Vice-Presi- dents. The mooting was first addreseod by Judge Shannon, who was greeted with universal applause. He spoke with great feeling and effect relative to theproceedings of tne State Convention at Reading.His speech was eminently conservative, strongly Anti-Seward,anilexpressiveofe:iruestfeelingfora united Democracy. Gov. Samuel W. Black of Ne- braska also made a brilliant speeck of two hours' dura- jion, reviewing the Slavery question throughout,"mak- ing points of telling effect. Several other speeches were made. The utmost harmony prevailed, aud thegreatest enthusiasm- was manifested.Therefore, not St. Peter, but the College of Cardi- and from the Post-Oflh je> a u d d u r ; t ^ ^ ^nals, will be= the loser by the emancipation of Ro-magna, etc. It is in the power of the faithful to com- ^ ? n H * l C r ) m ° ; " d 8 t a t e d , b a t L e obtainedaoout pensate St. Peter for this loss, and *to make him $300. Thoaacccuesed - ^ ^ ^ f o r t h w i t h h Q ^ ^even wealthier and more independent, according to I United States Comn dssioacr, who sent tho papcr3 he-was not the end of that case. Then, in the name of On motion of Mr. GWIN (Dom., Cal.) the Military 1 made no such allegation; I merely said that a people God, Judge Taney, why didyou retain it any longer ? Acadcmv bill was taken up.who would violate the compacts they had made were not to be dreaded when they threatened to march down upon us. I made no such'allegation against the North. The gentleman seems to consider that they onthat eide are the people; I do not.Mr. W ADE said he bad read the speech, and supposeditwasa.declarationthatthoseonthatside,andthe people they represent, lacked that courage which' was necessary to maintain their own honor when im- peached.It was settled upon every principle of adjudication, and no Court has held to it more solemnly than that one. All, then, the Court may say beyond the case was mere talk, and might just as well have been ut- tered in a bar-room as in a Court. The majority of that Court are interested in that decision, and, strange asitmayappear,thosewhocomplainof Northern a<<gies6ion have had a majority of that Court on their side. I will not say that is the reason why the decisions are magnified to such importance. The very men of theMr. FESSENDEN (Rep., Me.) moved to postpone it till the papers received from the War Department were printed. .Mr. WIGFALL (Dem., Texas) said he distinctly understood yesterday that the bill was to be acted upon to-day,andurgedimmediateaction.The motion to postpone was agreed to. Adjourned.•BOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.the spirit of the age, than when he was holding tbeso fore the U. S. Grai ld Jury now in session. 11Mr. TOOMBS—I said those perwns who were not very party who, a few years u{/o, held these decisionsliberty bills, were not to be dreaded. found a virtue in that Court that can ride triumphantly ing an Assay Office aud Brunch Mint at Chic:igo. Re-Mr. WADE—I am very »lad to hear the Senator'* over every other part of this Government. Such a ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means.explanation, because I say it ia no particular merit o• heresy, if persisted in, can result in nothing but a con- Mr. CASE (Rep., Ind.) asked, but failed to receive,honor to"gentlemen on tliat side to have general cour- solidated despotism. And if the dictu, or talk of such consent to otter a resolution directing the Committeeage. W e inherited it from our common ancestors, a Court should be established, we will have the weak- on the Rules to inquire into the expediency of sowho dragged kings from their throneB when they un- est despostipra that ever failed on Gid Almighty's amending the mles as to prohibit the publication, indertook to trespass on the rights ©f the people; and I earth- for the doctrine is so absurd, it caanot stand. the official Globe report, of any remarks of memberstrust in God that we, their descendants, shall ever be When did they jrot tho Constitutional power to carry made out of order.asreadytovindicate,notonlyourhonor,hutour slavesintotheTerritories? Itiasaidnow,thatthe Mr.THAYER(Rep.,Mass.),fromtheCommitteefaithful to their contracts, and who passed Persona' of no effect, have turned around of late ;ind have directing an inquiry into the expediency of establish-A meeting of the African Civilization Society waa beTdJatt evening in the large Hall of the Cooper In- try, that he might practice cannibalism there, it is plain Mr. MORRILL repeated that it was not his purpose this evening, and not printed for the files'of members stitute. Three or four hundred people were present.you would be bound to protect him, else the State of Fe- to move the previous question, but to give a fair oppor- The Rev. H. H. GARNET, President of the Society, jee would not have her equal rightswiththe other States. till evening, was taken up and pushed through to aelection. Did he stand on high ground ? Did he stand Republic and involve all in one common ruin. I sup- lauds come from for the building up of the proposed able institutions all above fifteen per cent dividend,on an elevated position, when he charged us with trea-son and a violation of oaths, and threatened, in a certainAgricultural Colleges in the several States ?Mr. CRAWFORD (Dem., Ga.) moved to lay theemergency, that he himself would stand forth to pulldown the pillars'of the Republic? If to do that is not perfectly fiee* Another Senator says they have arightbill on the.table. Negatived—72 against 106.treason, I don't know what is. If that is not a viola- tion of the oath he has taken. I do not understand the import of it. To be sure, these things are said in the heat of debate, but they go out to the country, and must he noticed here. The Senator went back to theto bring them there, and be protected by the laws of Congress. Another man says Congress has no right to pass laws, hut the Courts, which are now omnipo- tent, can proclaim a law, and we must all how down to it. There is just this difference of opinion on that(Ino.), Edmundaon,,English, Florence, Grow, Hamilton, HarrisiV'ii.), Hill, Hindman, Houston, Howard, JOOPR, Leake, LORCUI, delay, or amendment.,settlers, to be given to tfcem in equal limited quantities; aa>d to furniKh the necessary mechanical and affricnltural implements.preparation. He accused us because we did not happen to be quite nimble-footed enough, as he sup- posed, ia the execution of his fchigitivelaw, but he did not instance a single case, if I remember rightly, but it was a general charge. There has not been a single caseofresistancetothatlawinmy State. When the cases came before the Courts, they received the most rigid scrutiny, and tho law has been rigorously applied. There have been cases of the most doubtful character. Men have even been kidnapped and carried off. A case occurred not long since. And that was not only one. 1 meet the general charge with a general de-to Kansas, or any other Territory, with his forty wives.Biigbam says these are my property, and 1 must havea right to bring them in here, or the State of Utah willnot nave her eqcal rights. A way with such doctrine. Briatow, Buffinton. Burnham, Burroughs. Campbell, Carey,Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodruff—106.The bill was postponed till the third Tuesday ia April.Mr. WINDOM (Rep.. Min.), from the Committee on Public Lands, reported!.the Senate bill, which was pasted, enabling Minnesota aud Oregon. to reclaim overflowed or swamp lands within their limits. It ex- tends the provisions of the law for the benelit of Ar- kansas and other States in addition to those above named.Mr. COBB (Dem,, Ala.), from the Committee onPublic Lands, reported the bill, and it was passed, au-thorizing patents to issue to mail contractors for the choosing Delegates at large to the Chicago National from Dr. M'CIintcck, stating that he was not well lands heretofore authorized to be selected for mail sta- Convention is now being held in this city. enough to be present, and said that Dr. Tyng also waa tions on routes west of the Mississippi to the Pacific, The Convention was organized by the choice of the unable to be present.and providing that the Postmaster-General may re- Hon. J. S. C. Knowlton of Worcester for President.pose the Senator from Illinois would say the Terri- tories have a perfect right to have cannibalism or not, and I don't care wbetr. er they have it or not; they arehe Society proposes:paying a bonus to the city, &c. Finally, Mr. Spinola Firtt-To conflim the friendly relations already estahlliihed bymembers of the Society now there, with some of the chiefr in moved to rise and report progress, which, being carried, the Yorobs, country, by sending out a/ company of vJrtix^u*. In- YEAS—Messrs. Anderson (Mo ), Avory, Bai-ksdale, Burrett, he moved in Senate that the Committee he discharged, telligent, and ent«7prfning colored people, who are nrw ready U> Boccck, Boriham, Bo-yce, Brabaon, Branch, Burch, Burnett, act as pioneers, and who will proceed as soon as the xweessaryCJork. (Mo.) Clemens,- Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, and the bill be ordered to a third reading, the final vote funds sre raiecd."'Craig (Mb.), Cratge (N. C). Crawford, Curry, Davidson, DUTIS to be taken.to-morrow at half-past 11, without debate, Second—To purchase lands at suitable points for th* ns« of th«Case," Col/ax, Conkling.'Covode, Curtis, Davis (Md ), De'ano, There is ro guarantee in the Constitution for any such Duel!, Dunn, Ethcridgo, Fornswortb, Ferry, Foster, French, position as that. Our safety consists iu keeping close Gilmer, Gooch, Grauam 'Guiley, Hale, Hull, Harris (Md.); to the Constitution, and the moment we do stray from Bodkin, Barton, Belmiok, Hickman, Hoard, Hughes, Hum- this we endanger the harmony of our action. But, phrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Kellocg (Mich.); Kellogg (111.), Kilgore, Larrabee, Leach (N. C ) , Lee, LoDgnecker, Looru- waiving the Constitutional law, I will suppose that you in, Xovejoy, Mallory, Mrxston, Maynard, McKnight, Mc rherson, Moore (Ky.), Moorhead, Mor.ill, Morris (Pa.). Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olin, Perry, Porter, Potter, Reynolds, Rice, Riggu. Rob- innon (R. I.), Royce, Schwariz; Sedgwick, Sherman, Smith (N. C), Somers, Stanton, kteveni, Steward (ra.), Stokes Strattou, Tnppan, Tbeuker, Tompkins, Train, Vance, Van Wyck, Wal- dron. Walton, Wmhburn (III.), Washburn (Me.), Wohuter,all fixed up at a caucus of Senatore and others, held atGeorge Law's headquarters, and that seventeen of thethirty-nine corporators are the -particular personalfriends of as many Senators, and that the remainder colqred men, based upon true Christian principles,have a right to take your slaves into the Territories and hold them there. Still, Sir. is it expedient, right, and proper to do it ? And that brings me to consider a question that has been incidentally Drought up. The fathers of the Republic, I believe without a dissenting, voice, agreed that slaveholding was •gainst the common light of man, and was wrong in itself, and should not bo cherished. But we find thoy did not understand it. And now the slaveholding States have found out Slavery is the normal condition of the black race and a blessing to society, and there- fore ought to be extended. That is the only issue Iare the friends of George Law. At all events, I never where ample ecope may be afforded to all for the ex- ercise of every mental and moral faculty. In behalfmore white than black. But whether white orC l i n t o n C o u n t y T o w n e l e c t i o n s .PJLATTSBURGH, Wednesday, March 7, 1860. meeting: "Bless the Lord, that's a lie!" He likedthis Society; it was as it should be, managed by black • Clinton Courty has gone Republican without doubt. men. He thought Africi could be evangelized "andblack they have the same joys and sorrows, and areSlavery is the normal condition of the race, do youfear that the handiwork of God will bo over-turned by these frivolous means? Society in theNorth ueeds no such means to sustain itself. Youmay go there and talk against our institutions.We will invite you to preach the glories of Slaveryand its normal condition, and our institutions will stiindfirmer than ever after the conflict. We fear no such the people of any section, and then deny an opportu-the assertion of Mr. Van Wyck false and unfounded. ^Mr. DA VIS (Miss.) wanted to know whether Mr. Van Wyck was disposed to test Southern courage bygoing cut of tho Di»trict of Columbia.ot. Look at the great North-weat, with a populationpeople, and we demand that it shall be limited. ThisMr. Wade closed by referring to the free negroes oflican Platform. His party should'be judged by. thatplatform, and not by the views of the extreme ioien ofPapal possessions, which were not altogether lawfullyrooted prejudice, so deep as to make it apparent the South Carolina or Mississippi. The Republicans stand within their proper judicial limits, than I have, and no two racqs could not inhabit the -same place. Many where the Fathers of the Republic stood, and likecalled now generally the Romagna, already lost, andmost probably beyond recovery, are among the ac-quisitions made by tho temporal Roman power. Badfaith only or eqaiyocatibn con include these in the-cele-brated donation to St. Pctar. The fact is that.when inthe fifteenth century the Romish See began to extendits power by seizing tho lands and cities in the Marchesand in Romagna, the Cai-dinals hold that such acquisi-tions did net belong to the Holy See, but to their Col-lege. In the year 1431, at the election of PopeEugeniua IY ., the Cardinals imposed upon tha electeda pactum, accepted by him; and by which ;>ac£u«4 itwhom were Morrisev and O'Donncll, appeared at >5r ilfulo upon Insuring thatwarrants were issued for their arrest, aud were fined by the Court from £200 to ?£C o.Last night a fire cccurrad iu tije dvvoXn»g-house of Thos. Smith, No. 167 Mufoe rry-st., in consequence of the carelc88D288 of a little b oy playing- with matches. The damage sustained will not excecji §i25. 'Last evening Officer;*C< ,rnell aud "Leeof the HarborPolice attested at the M-elodeon, J iroadway, BuffaloJack and James Meyer, -onsuspicio n of being concernedin the theft of wheat from the bar Trafalgar, at theone knows better how essential it is that these should States were now trying to drive them out. He thought them maintain that Congress have and should oxer- be lived up to. But just as much as I revere an houest this Government owed it to justice and to themselves cieo the power for tho exclusion of Slavery from themight emigrate to some congenial climate, where alltheir faculties would he developed. There Were suchMr. PERRY (Rep.. Me.), in an Anti-Slavery speech, maintained thai the Free States have kept good faith with the South, wliiio the latter have not been true toJudge who, for any purposes, will reach over the countries in Central America, where donate and soilcase before him and endeavor to advance a politicalcause by any decisions he may pretend to nrake. are alike suited to them, and where place could be ob- the North. Threats had been made of secession in theMr. FAENSWOKTH (Rep., HI) offered a resolutionrights, as were our ancestors at any period. But if Territories being the common property of the Stages, on Public Lands, reported back Mr. Morrill s Agricul- voting. athat is all the Senator meant, I would not much dis- earn State has aright to go into them with any tural College hill, with a recommendation that it do A great procession of tho strikers of Lynn—a Roman deserts with their faithful f)ocks. Such av, ex- —Wendell Phillips is engaged to lecture in tbiu cityagree with him. The men who could be faithless kind of property. •I deny the postulate. These •not t ass. thousand women and a thousiind men—wi'.h the Lynn odus will be applauded by all tlw>,opponents of iiomo on the 21st met. His subject will be: " Agitation iu-.•would be very apt to be cowards. But I don't wish Territories do not belong to the States, they belong to Mr. MORRILL (Rep., Vt.) moved thatitaconaidere.- City Guards and bands of' music marched to-day. aiid will receive the ble«sing;d oi a U t r a e »oeiievor8|to be misunderstood in regard to this barbarous mode of the people of the United States; and Congress is thesettling! difficulties: in thinly settled and partial- trustee for them. Suppose, for instance, Uia Senator tion be postponed till the thirdTuesday in April.Large delegations atlauded from Mi^blehead, Suugnu, and othor pluses.:.•}•:.:•%>Such a crusjade—led ou by the Biauopa-nwill be abao-dispensable to Reform," He will also lsoture in Brook*, lyn on the 20tU.'"'- '•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mr. BRANCH (Ad, Dam., N. C.) moved it bo re--o^^••^•••v>"r~mUntitled Documenttunity for discussion. ••.... third reading by an apparently drilled majority, who took the chair at 8p.m., and gave out » hymn, andHe might eay it is the law of my country. We havea right to roast and tat this prop'erty, and if you don't majority of the House is in favor of the Homestead voted down all amendments offered by its opponents, Mr. GARNET then made an exposition of the pro-Mr. BRANCH said recent proceedings show that a called on the Rev. Mr. WILSON, who offered prayer.of the Republic in universal ruin. He would do so.Sir, if a Republican was elected President at the next protect us in it, we will pull down the pillars of this bill. If this should become a law, where would the such as fixing the fare at three cents, paying to charit- ?oced operations of the Society, especially In Yoraba.iOve, Mac'ay, Martin (Ohio), Martin (Va.). McQueen. Mcliae,Miles, Millson, Montgomery,- Moore (Ala.), Morris (111.), Nib- This bill confers more extensive grants than wereThird— To erect School-Houses, aud houses of religious wor- ship ; to Inslrnct the nallves in the arts and sciences; and d«»»ei-side of the Chamber, but all agree that Slavery shouldancient history of Greece to illustrate his ar be spread to the entfe of the earth Bat suppose anotbe lack, Nooll, Peyton, Phelps. Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, Ruffin, Scott, ever presented in one city, railroad scheme before. It ope, by intelligence and industry, the natnral resource* of •&•gument. # He did not • come forward withou case. Suppose Brigham Young shonld come from UtahSiioms. Singleton, Smith (Va.), Spinner, Stalhvorth, Stevenson, country.Stont, Taylor, Thayer, Trimble, Underwood, Vandover, White- rnns into forty-eight streets aud avenues, and covers Fourth—To promote lawful commerce npon the- coa^t of Afri-Alio?, Anderson (Ky.), Ashley, nabbit, Bingham, Blair, Blake,Mr. CARTRELL (Dem., Ga.) made the point of or- der that no member of the House had a right to libelsaw a " big thing" put through in such indecent hastein all my experience at the Capitol, The grant cannot the philanthropist and the Christian—believing thatbe worth less than a million, and .it was not given asthe generous sympathy of their nature will lead very*The Rev. A. A. CON«TANTINE spoke at jength on the general state of Africa, and the manifestations of Provi- The Republican State Convention for the parpose of dence with regard to that country. He read a letter-WORCESTER, Wednesday, March 7, I860.•F r o m. ALBANY, Wednesday, March7, I860.civilized only through the agency of black mon. Dr. Dowling told several stories illustrating tho advanced condition of the African in Africa. He quoted at lengthA l b a n y .It is supposed that the Governor has vetoed the bill from Mr. Bowen's book on Yoruba.to extend the time for the collection of taxes through- The Rev. Mr. STEWARD of Monrovia roae to con- out the State; but the message has not yet been sent gratulate thif Society upon its movement. In Liberiathey looked with pleasing anticipation for help to come from their colored brethren in America. Liberia waa making rapid progress. Might Cod bless this Society and prosper its efforts.Yesterday morning, a woman was found dead in her Ford Douglas. Those-who felt disponed to aid thebed, on the corner of Pearl street and Western Row. Society could do so by calling on the Treasurer, R. On Sunday, a daughter of John Stratton, living on S. MurraY, No. 65 Broad street, or on the Secretary,in.«•»A S e r i e s o f I f o r r o r s . CINCINNATI, Wednesday, March 7, 1860.bluster of that kind. Gentlemen should recollect that An increasing anxiety ia felt in regard to the safety la*t Fall with Edward Price. The principals ar>d sev-for eight weeks libel after libel wa3 cast oh Republi- of Mr. Hogan, Member of Parliament for Grey eral others who were engaged in the brutal exhibition,order.The Chairman pro tem., Mr. WAS!IBURNS (Rep.,.111.) requested gentleman not to violate the rules of the Houxe.head.the way of the police, whom they knew to The look-ing after them. A few days ago Detecii « Eus- vMr. VAN WYCK said that if Southern gentlemen• were so sensitive, they ought to regard the feelings ofMexican News.TO THEThe partisans of the temporal power of the Pope of ' at Buffalo- and answer the chsur0Q aRESCUEOF SAINTPETER.fluence of intelligent industry to again teem withHarvard. University—3T5a« Strikers. population. These solitudes can not he brought go s mother man, who was going in a contrary di-^ BOSTON, Wednesday, March 7,1860. under cultivation by the isolated efforts of a few, roc lyjj. Some words ensued, and both parties becameAt a raeeting of the Board of Overseers of Harvard as their stagnant pools require the labor of thousands of ^•"/atly enraged. In the course of the dispute,.the Lmversity this morning, the Rev. Dr. Peabody off fc1 -ranger drew a knife", and stabbed Mr. Herpst in thelortymcuth, N. II., was nominated as»T>iummer Pro* men for their drainage. The Irish Catholic Bishops infc-tior, in place of the Rev. Dr. Huntingdon, resigned. Europe and in this country should al oace put them- arm, and then ran away. Mr. H. was removed to hi* Butthemeeting•adjournedtillnextweekwithout selvesattheheadofacruBade,toemigratetotv© residence.! |iresults of this effort, the diffusion of the Gospel in Africa, and the consequent overthrow of idolatry and superstition; the destruction of the African slave-trade, and the establishment of civil government by freeof this important enterprise, they appeal to' the patriot,The PRESIDENT stated that the Society- would holdHe was taken to Police Head<juart gg where, in theembarrassing position. Court wa- i opened iu the Of-monthshasstolenmone y from ft { ^ ^ t uDetective Poo e j ^charged with s ^ i n night arrested James Pricea horse and wagon, valued at *60O,fromU MUtt^Uf -£ ^ ^ ^ ^t "•—•*"—— —•V..*.,./'...„,.,• • • • • - , • • • , • . . > , • . , , ; . " • • • * • > - -www.fultonhistory.comwmwAWK»M&y«:"'p>**z•«^tosJa&ife-:,£'l-&$^^; : , l t I ^ ^ 