 n }>riat»Ml O t t l f *»hody> i g h t e f >ofthowuolo, a Urge t repre-ho arer rank, *ir pii*NJgag*- 6U OpCQ theater,are let , by the .huidefX >' POUJS atod beiebed a *r"g«l <i seals)t h r e e«-~t*1CCe'fu\^coar »le wb*> firri t h eJT|renee* for Mdifloul- dead dollarslegacy, > recoS.Tbora- " mcab- Mu.-ia,them, W>a erienee rd U»ge> 1 if b© • faral-H**n» U> ia. opera* austete; iwaeea, Tae re-laoe ha *&»' R»- djangie-money dpikd*, egifte,faaad o k>n£ layette dead- >worth aously.fork » r. nam- haa ia 'wedo-at par- tabuab- btathaof Muais* ^ I l klie built jetiro * s a e*o* r.as bee* aa, andr rntjpv of -M*. »e fineith tbet » a a d8 may re sop- • P o K b ; ixteeoj'Full 8,000,000 tuna w3Z eeme to market the pree-gene,through thejawa of the breaker, leaving behind bock to minimum was about 10 years. This remark- to disappoint it. It is not that what he says is bad ormt^^^^^^^^BS^^^^^^^^^^1!^^^^^.PROPOSED WFQZmA TWEST.PQWT+rVem echme in the as de- aUtiaa aother >com- as* of&mk- • vrtxit ISO Of *? of nwrwt o«delsaft at udoo, oath,Kgery ,ST* ebad three ti«» tU~ »ooo- iaatieeia/y &pen. mala . nined cand fork, ailedrsioft kier, wndsrme ooo- Leo- Cuig;9UD-. "ft*"air ertx /eresuo- aadV,000t of&»> ver be-#**- ler, rri, Ol>-tnd »ce>hestl!sitformoneytoaJew,andsellsittoprovide for his necc-tsities. , .—Mazzir ibas established a new " Association of Na-stathousandguiieas.•TheItaliangreyhoundsaud diuiinmive toy terriers of course attract most attention from the fair visitors. The Alpit>e mastiffs, St. Bernard doge, an awfully rough Russianterrier,tho rare'MalteeementinTheNatchez (Miss.)Free Trader^efthea^h inst.: fr f;r3 • . it .;">^Rome us its capital; to assemble and express, by allpossible n <ans, tire wishes of the country; and to pro-mote the }olitical and social education of the workingclasses. 1 he headquarters of the association will be tot ship, whh its fixed salary of $6,340, and some ing her. He was informed that she was a slave be-X•k"T"meteorclogical phenomena. Indeed, meteorology is •—James W- Whitney* familiarly known as i'Mi —Several ofthe Colleges of Oxford University com- thirteen at from $500 to $900. Let me not omit men- 'finally arranged to lock him up in a state-room untilalready enriched with some generalizations which lord Coke,!!,the,King of: tie Missouri-Legislative Lob- menced their ''exercises" on the 28th uIt. They con- tion of the Surveyor's Office, wbicli furnishes .easy- the boat should, land,, In the meahthntCthe' boat had'•i- •mmmnta, all of which he lost in attempting to eHtabiiab. •pera.Hover 1^000,000 tuns of waste, which waste, as before able law of recurrence was shortly afterfully confirmed.—'m m • ''.,The Commission appointed at the last session of Oon-gress to examine the orgwaizati n, discipline andsystemnmaiy the learnea interest oentered on a eymphony, abont which tho n»jority prewint natly refu*e to be in wptorrs, w^crving their beet applause for some centralthe business. In ten yeara,K will probably amount to Profeser'^ Gautier and Wolf^lwo Swiss physicists, 2,000,000 tune, unless some less destructive machinery detected what had escaped Lament, that this periodis nothing in Addition: ':H*B allrin' 8ubtractioh.M >>—IJeut.-Col.; WiJHam Henry Walker has resigned his'position in the United States army on the issue ofihe Academy or programme of instructions, but make the following BtiggettSons and observations: «$fIn requiring the Superintendent to be selected i5ront the corps of engineers, the law now permits him to re- tain hie commission, hut does not extend the same priv- ilege to other army officers. It is proposed to dboBsh this discrimination, and to compensate for the surrender, of the army cominisidon by continuing the salary after twenty-five years^faitLful service—in the form of a pension.It^fl.proposed to Hmitrtbenumberof cadeta^ attorge" to ten., The nnmher, asnow fixed bylftr?-9* ^lMless tbaritcir." ItJsal«)'prono«edto increase ^;nantbte of cadets to two from each State in'.. addition to. ^Wose now appointed, in consideration of the increased num- ber of clateea.'' '-"'•': P*/-:-',] •'r> {'•''• >-.''•'**• r,: ^\• 'It is proposed to substitute forthe' annual Board of -Visitors, a Commission, oomisting of a Senator. Repre- sentative, two officers of the •army distinguished for scientific and practical- military knowledge, and 'two civilians distinguished for mathematical and physical science^' jfci •..••/; jj :/•:,•>)Under the head of "Discipline," the Ckmrmission propeee, that when a question is raised as to report* of conduct between cadets and officers, tbe Commandant of Cadets shall report. to the. Superintendent, whose dutyitshallbetosummonacourttoinvestigatetbe matter/ No cadet is to be required to srgnaeertifieate as to the manner In Which be has performed his duty.ii !-Mwnwffifli»jWTriwwifij|i>t^tteB&jSataatt4aa^^'I'^W^WiV'"fV,*J.!, •'.'•\,|->!-•*»•'»*•to it, on hte retirexnent, »toeks to the value of $30,000.Be had reahzed jfo bin concert speeulatieaa large entyear. Seventy per ecnt^ or 5,080,000 tuns, has. »J consequence of this suggestion was quite large. But called " time," which was the instant of the star's pas-the Beagle, under Lieutenant Piatt, was noticed for challenges v ill be utterly useless. :conspicuous service by the Comntander-in-Chief in dis- patches. Captain Piatt was afterward attached to the steam-frigate Fulton, at New-York, and was blown up in her, receiving mutilations and injuries which he bore to his grayp. He subsequently commanded the Navy- YardatSackett's.Harbor,and'sloop-of-warAlbany. While in the latter oommandhe happened to arrive at Havanaaboutthetimeofthefailure^f the Lopezex- pedition, and bis conduct on that occasion, his corres-pondencewiththeGovernor-General,andhismanly interference in behalf of his misguided countrymen, re- ceived favorable notice from the press, and just com- mendation from the Secretary of the.Navy in bia annual report. His last service was in command of the Navy- Yard at Memphis, Tenh. A courageous officer, an honest, true friend and Citizen—he has passed from among us. PaxVobiscum.—A Belgian fumily from time immemorial has'pre- sented instances of six-fingered children at each genera- tion; and, singular ily enough, while the boys have but five fingers, as most people, every girl born in the family presents that strange phenomenon of six fingerswhether the inventors have, up to this time, fingered mere cash than corn there is no record to show* The facta are mentioned to illustrate the latentaptitude ofi .American miiida to eeize on any practical suggestion by which good o n be done to others, or money made for themselves. The field in which great undeveloped sug- gesfSons still lie concealed,is almost asboundlessas ever1. The latter are continually turning up, assuming,'*fr*-machanceremark, asorganizedshape,and taking place among the practical triumphs of the age. Ira- ' portant aa th»last half century has been in scientific nod irHMihB^^^^ achievements, it cannot be doubted that the coming half will yield up to human progress a catalogue of triumphs equally brilliant in themselvesaud equally beneficial to the human family.sage, completes what is known as an *\ observation." Rty.orter—What is the value of such observations? Astronomer—Tbey are,' in the hands of the mathe-matic>an, the busis of calculations which bring to light the s\ stem of the planetary bodies—their places, their motions,theirsizes,andthebeautifulharmonywith which they are adjusted' to each other. Without such oleervfctioratherecouldbenoscienceof astronomy.(The astronomer had taken his place at the telescope foranotherobservation, hadmovedtheinstrument into pototion, and now, his eye on the little planet, in- discernible without optical aid, he called the assistant's attention by the signal " readj!" The assistant turned to the clock instantly, and followed with,keen eye the thin steel finger of the dial as it jerked on from second—The Baicn <?e Rothschild is negotiating for the pur-chase from the Count de Chambordof the forest ofVawy; the list portion of the property held by thatprince in Prince, with the exception of Chambord.And thus tie son of St. Louis parts with the few frag- order. One 'rough customer' of a Scotch terrier is the instructor, or one of the assistants, to make exour- mentsjetkithimofthatbroaddomainoverwhichbis indecdamarvel;heiesaidtoweighleasthanthree tionsintotheneighboringcountry.*No oi»e can have visited the coal mines of Pennsyl- to second. The slow throbbing beat of the great time- vania,withcut being struck with the enormous waste- monitor wasaudible again in the silence * * * "time!"tional Uiity," whi<h bae for its object to attain the lion dogs,- and the Esquimaux fox dogs, are also a sqinational i nity by aiding, the practical completion of source of great interest..' Garibaldi's programme, the unity of the nation, with44 One day last week a gentleman of this city bailee an up country boat, tire Cora Anderson.,as she was passing Greenville, Miss., whither he had gone on burinete, to return home. Shortly 'after being under way, our Natchez friend observed a pensive looking little girl, aged about 9 or 10 years, whose black hair and yellowish brown skin would indicate that she wa* a mulatto. There was something about her that in-Tofoes*of the processes of mining and' preparing coal The 4<reading " is called off, the second "observation" ' lor market. This wastefulness has been going on eversince the mines were opened, and, as now conducted, is completed.)Correeponjtenoe of The Boaton PottJFir;»t, in importance and revenue,.tomes the Coilec^ terested him, and be inquired of the captain concern-ttust continue. When coal first came to Philadelphia, 5sou.c twenty years ago, it was delivered at the con- sumer's coor in large lumps, just as they were taken frtm t l e mines. A man Ctune with the load armedwith a heavy aammer, with which he broke these Jumpn into tmaller sizes. But every blow struck on thefriablelumpicattereddustanddebrisaroundhim, all of wlich was loss to the buyer. When the broken load had been housed,' the street was black with frag- ments too email for the grate. So large, indeed, wasthe quantity of ibis refuse, as coal became the general foel, that the authorities prohibited the breaking up in tte streets. This.compelled the seller to reduce the lumps <n his own premises. But soon theeala became at) gr* at as to.make this impossible—it must be done at themines. Itwastherefoundthathumanlaboroost too much, and that it couid not perform the.vast amount ef work to be done. Machinery was then employedfc the el a^e <* a breaker, composed of two parallel hor-izoifc1c*Imders,each1Cfeetdiameter,runningtowardeach other a foot ajart, and faced with teeth 4 inchesloufr. The a ge lunrpe are fed in between.them, andare crashed, ground, and even pulverized by the op-Atironomer—A glorious night!Reporter—But very cold. I should think you wonld suffer here exposed to the open air without any fire.for the pesent at' Naples. Mazzini himself was at ^0,000 more in the form of pickings and fees. In the longing to a man on board, whom the captain pointed latest dat< s in England. •. Custom-Home, as subordinates to the Great Tycoon out, who said he was taking her to NeW«Ofleans to above referred to, are au Auditor, at ^4.000; an Aseist- sell her, he having bought her fur $160 in north-west- r-It is leported that pur neighbor, E. B. Hart, the aht Auditor, $3,000; Cashieri |3,000; Assistant ern Missouri, on the border. Our Natchez friend eyed•TiiwiwumwH»»-» IMI.I iWH'iiif—Werave tae toreciteiathewayofmnocaJentet^tainmentp. The: Pnilhannoak: Society give their nsual tity thus lost increases annually with the growth of ofceervatioDs made at Toronto and Hobarton who, withwrong, but it is so slipshod and meager." , ;. ,;*i;: —Memphis in Tennessee dehghte to furnish the worldAt a public meeting in that delightful place, last Satur-day, Senator Johnson of Tennessee was gnashed at bya secessionist orator, and immediately there arose fro;athe audience the sympathe-tio cry,, "Hang him! hanghim!" In an incredibly short space of time an effigy. seven times in one day in Mexico: ' 'of Johrisbn was manufactured. A rope, attached to ; — I t is stated that Charlotte Cuahman, by her four, the balcony, was placed around thenockof the 44coun- weelts' engagement at the Boston Theater, realizedthe teifeit presentment," and the lifelesB figure was seen landsome sum of six thourand dollars J ... 'I,:stated, is the purest portion of the whole. The quan- by General Sabine, a British officer, from 'magneticof instruction of the W*st Point Military Academy, to with measures ofthe brutality of a 81ave-labor society. thingjn addition W^^j&^^^^taB^?*- there not propose any radical change in the organization ol"should be introduced. Three remed?^ present them- at reed with that of the solar spots; and that the maxi- igvm all alive—a cornet player J» a «olo, or something selves as worthy of attention. Firss, that eoal should mum and .minimum in each, corresponded exactly.He was shot—Mr..Reginald Southey,nephew of the poet, hasharder less resonant.. Piano solos are at a discount at these concerts in the Academy, for the same reason they wooPd bo in Waaljington square. The place ia too large for the instrument. All singing at them ia moreresistance to Lincoln's inauguration.. the orchestra too weak. The solos of this work arewithout U o charm of more modern melody, and theInterest «ugfrt to He In gre«& maiwes of sound. Amidmuch of the old frizzle and a glut of fugues; there comepre cess shall be invented bf which the millions of tuns of rich, pure dust, now piled up around the mines, may be cheaply converted into lumps as large a s ordinary stove coel, and thus sufficiently enhanced in value tois, however, one notable, novelty—an exhibition of sporting and other dogs. This feature of the show is thus described by The Times:be deposited in large quantities, in unbroken lumps, at densely populated points, where even the mere duet produced by breaking it up would find a ready sale; forLamont-8 'period was shown to be a little top smallf 11.111yearsbeingconsideredthebeetresult.>-; r;-The honor of the discovery of the periodicity of thelet it be remembered thattbe mountains of waste now eo,lar spots belongs exclusively to Schwabo of DOSBSUJ «rletspallid,heinyshornofdramaticenergyandideal. 'piledupatthe mines would find a readymarket in whobeganto watch the sun.dailyin 18S6,and^on-danglingintheair.' Three'stalwart negroes officiatedas exeeutionere. The crowd witnessed the mock puii-fced into tho. mass, cheap, tenacious, and water-jettlv foe*. For wnritual music in the fine sense of the proof. ^Machinery will effectually accomplish the rest. with the weather?.Tbe accommodations of the student* are pronounced deficient in comfortable rooms, good clothing, and sea- sonable food, The rooms are socold in Winter as to drive cadets from their books to bed. .JThe time of sleep allowed—seven hotMgfor a portioncf tb^year--- is not sufficient. Not less Than eight hours ought to be allowedatallseasons. '.&wii*ritra. Then we arrive at a perception of its big ©b-term—or the religioa of sorrow—the grand character- Q^cmistj^ ought,to be competent to this work.ivtSe of Christianity hx contradistinction to the jolly e field for such an enterprise is already.whiteAstronomer.—-It isso Buspectcd. Professor Buckley, of Columbia-College, has beenengaged in this very in- vestigation for the last two years,. keeping a dailyhis Royal Highress's crest, placed in the center of a wreath of maple leaves, intertwined with a scroll bearing the worc's, "Welcome, welcome, welcome." Each' medal is i-bout' three inches in diameter. The designisbyWyou^ofherMajesty'sMint,andhas been carried out with the greatest skill. The portrait of the Prince is excellent, and the closest scrutiny fails to reveal any flaw in the exquisitely-wrought letters or leaves. Mr. C R. Christie, the Superintendent ef the Western Division, is the recipient of a silver medal.^rltissaid of the late visit of the American Minister to her Majesty, the Queen, at Windsor, that he was re- ceived most gnvciou»ly, and that the Queen constantly displayed in her conversation with him the highest ap- preciation of the manner in which the Prince of Wales had been received in the United States.' She was ex- ceedingly courteous; and devoted herself with zeal to the entertainn ent of her guests, walking, with Mrs; Dallas in the castle grounds, and driving themaboutin the paik. She has,received great pleasure from the kindly feeling displayed toward the Prince in America,' and shetestififs it by this act of friendly politeness, for it is not customary for any who are not personally inti- mate with some member of. the Royal family to be in-lility, and diBposition of the dogs in this whining,growling, and barking menagerie, we can scarcely ad-mit the dextrine that the ar-imals are merely varietiesof cne specie*, and that all have been developed by dif-tetences of foid, circumstances, and training from afingleoriginalpair;or,assomesay,arecollectivelyatamed derivation from the' lean and savage wolf. Iathis gathering of all description of hounds, for instance,what extraordinary differences are observable ia thenature and uses ofthe several creeds. Whatever ofswiftness in pursuit of nimble game, of miraculous keen-nessofscentforahiddenorflyingenemy,ofuntiring pa-tience of search, of lithe agility or enduring speed, maybe reouiredfor hunting over the open field, across thedeep flood, in the bun: owed intrenchment or the recess^-es of the rock—in short, whatever excellencies and pe-culiar instincts are valuable in the mighty bounds thatchase the antlered deer; in the keen, swift and sturdyhound that seek3 the. wily fox; in the slender, facilegreyhound, all elegance and ease in rapid flight andleap; in the shaggy, half-amphibious otter bound; in theterrible blpodhour d, with his pendent lip; in the cleverpointer and careful retriever—all are iUustrated byper-fect and unusually Hire examplesnmong-ntmjbers orthe the cadet's remaining through' the,course depend on highest superiority of breed. The bloodbounds form a the results of this first year's study.crowd of Olympus—we must not look to Handel sMwi«\. But for perfect mastery in the mechanical in his sickle and gather it. No great enterprise isecnx tmction'and transcendental meaning of the fugue, about the only form ventured upon one hundred and twenty years ago for vocal combinations, this workthe solar spots.. He finds the atmospheric changes ofThe. "commons," is declared very p^cr, tbcr/oo^ being innutritions, badlv dressed," and insuffieicnt. Nine dollars a month is allowed for the messing of ca- dets. Tw elvedollarsoaght to be the allowance. This includes expenees of purveyor, 'cooks, servants,^aad table furniture. Asareme6y,'itMpropiosed to make tie Commandant of Cadets responsible for t&e"Com- mons, under, the title of Inspector. •-. }—take the Government officials, for instance—wereknown to grow rich by the operation. Why should recorded the instant.'General's n.usc had left its memorial." VSit «rh«t do you know of th*> fon. •<'»*4 those who saved it lore as well? Forthwith the PvsetkS-OfBos/woe besieged with applications for itsj paxeluuexa monopolies of numerous oorn-huskers. Ia duetime the agricultural papers were, lnmrnona with wood-cuis in illustration of them. There were simple_ ir+n fit gers, with .blades and spurs, fastened to gloves, wLicb did the business well, but rather slowly. But they abolished the rtign of sore fingers, and were sold by tlowands. Then came elaborate machines with pullks,cranks,andcutters,whichwhippedoffthe L« a o like lightning. The number of patents taken outAstronomer—Good evening, Sir. ourroutine work.Ton see we are atwhich rendered each effective service in pursuing, roulj-lug', nod iextermmatiny the baxide of pirateethat infeateflthe West India Keys and Islands. His zeal at onetime induced him to'pursue eomejpirates to an interior'town of Porto Bico,. where he was arrested by theSpanish authorities, but released |by Commodore Por- bo so imprucent as to get himfebf involved; neither•?.(Tboaetrononifir took hie little lamp, <Uia", mounting the steps, read aloud to the assistant the record of the)'\ jqa only are «on«taut t> one t',' '., •_ , ., --Tbe'aiintity'fond^iiecte^'tor Tom Sayere at a singlei newspaper office in liondon, and which amobnts to the extraordinary sum of £2,814 will be .so'secured tliat it csLn< t be touched by Tom's creditors, should he^..•: «Ai'i*^--y|"'Sri:*:&«*».#*t«g •+n.-y«untitleharvert,andtheman,isMOWlivingwhowillput meteorologicaljournal,andcomparingtherecordswithbefterwortby of attention than thia. Vast as the coal temperature follow the changes. of the spots with re-trade has now become, it is even, yet in its infancy.markable precision. No considerable openinge in theIt is growing as rapidly as that of England, which now solar photosphere were observed to be turned toward may be ever studied. There is one portion of it, amounts to 00,000,000 tuns annually. Had^we a good the earth during the recent severe weather; - while^apart from the old Italian .rhodomontade of vocal nourishes, utterly beneath the dignity of the subject, •sanely, '• The Trumpet shall sound" where aaoWt- guio »ok> for the trumpet well adapted to the openingGovernment, it would be difficult to say what would bc;its volume twenty years hence. Even under c'Hciai hostility for a successionof years,it hasgoneonincreas- ing, and is this season greatly in excess of any previousthroughout the warm term that preceded it, there were several fi»e groups .of spots. In one of these, partio- ujarly, there was an enormous spot, large enough to admit a sphere eight times the volume of the earfcbiUnderthe head of •*Condition of Instruction/' a W3nt of thoroughness in the lower class is remarked. The deficiency Is chiefly io those branches of physical science which are taught in the language of- theaigheri f a country-fair, and fearfully high ae to pitch—knocks one. There must be minds in this country who can The Professor's theory is, briefly, that from these greatmathematics. 'The Commission, for fear that it might exclude tbeall thought* of scriptures or futurity on the head. This semg by Mr. Formes aud played well by Mr.—, was encored, we are sorry to say.This society works hard—a labor of love. Composed ef amateurs jrho pursue study for its own sake, and meet hberally the expeneee of the concert-roont, they •annet be too well spoken of or regarded by the.publicappreciate this suggestion for utilizing the coal waste, and some competent to"effect it. Let them think, de- termine, and make the attempt. All great ideas have been met by ridicule at the commencement. Such may be the fate of this. But. he who succeeds in solving the difficulty will take rank as a public benefactor, and become a millionaire.NIGHT NOTES.mouths of the sun an elastic matter issues, which, by contraction, as it approaches the earth, evolves heat.This is a field of discovery but little trodden, and premises rich returns to the diligent investigator.PERSONAL.—Commander Charles T. Piatt,' U.S. Navy, who died in Newburgb on Wednesday, Dec. 12, was 65sons of the poor. Ate., do not propose to remedy this evil by raising tbe standard of-admission, but to make thefirstyearayearof raining,andlettheouestionofSCIENCE,INDUSTRY, AND - i wan iINVENTION,very grand < lass, to which the Earl of Bagot contrib-utes the most macnificcnt specimens, remarkable fortheit charncter of bead and oxpreseion. The foxhoundswould have been a larger class at any other season ofthe year. Viscount Curzon and Earl Grosvenor arethe prize wini-ers. 'Harriers and beagles are bst few.Ihe large vougt-costed deerhounds make a fine show,each a seeming original of a Landfeerjpicture. Thereare some spet mlly fine greyhounds. The large point-ers are the priu< lpal class, most of them of greatmerit; and the small pointers, especially the bitchTbey have arranged 'the programme of instruction so as to secure for the .first clas-.the whole of the en- campment, and tbe,Jmontbs of September and Octo- ber for instruction in the field' in practical engineer- ing, geodesy, topography and.reconnoissance, and an additional department of ihstruction" to effect the plan. No furlough to be allowed during the months indicated..' The Commission report a deficiency in the apparatus of Natural Philosophy and tbe Library, especially in the department of entertaining and general literature. The cadets ought to be allowed to take books from theA GRJEAT INVENTION WANTED.Three years ago a paragraph was started on its trav- els through the newspapers, averring that it cost theTHE COL© TERM.As we came up to. the iron gate a faint light in the years of age. He.was a native of PJattsbrjrgb, son of vited to Windsor; and since Mr. Stevenson was hero,window, of the little observatory said that the astron- country 830,000,000 to husk the corn crop; that this on the street, and an inward monitor invited us to en-stands. He entered the Navy as midshipman, in 1812. Bis first service was in the flotilla on Lake Champlain, where he was particularly conspicuous for his bravery, energy, axd activity. In the brilliant battle and vic- tory gamed by Com. McDonough over the British fleet off Plattaburgb, on the 11th September, 1814, he served as aid to the Commodore. During that battle, he passed no less than three times in an open boat through, the line of the enemy's fire, carrying orders, to the gun- boats and other vessels of the 8quadron; and on theFROM THR EVENING POST'S COMEDY SLIGHTLY IN THE . MANNER OF KAMLET, SOON TO BE PEltFOKMED ATTHE WHITE HOUSE.EKTKK BU Old 1 iiHic Fractionaryand the Palmetto Commie-fcK'in-rn from an iuaer chamber, where the aadience are given Eail of Lerby; and the Earl of Lichfield carrying offexpanse was incurred every year; that the huge work was all done by band, and that whoever invented a machine to do it would save a world of sore fingers, beside making two or three fortunes for himself. The paragraph aforesaid had a prodigious run. It took amazingly; it was a new wrinkle. Inventors of all descrij tioiis and in all quarters embraced the tempting offers Which it held out. There was in fact, a generalrush. They thought over the idea, slept onit, dreamed on it, and made magnificent calculations on it. The sore fingers of the corn-husking community were no part of their calculations. That unhappy' class must by this tirue be as well used to, sore fingers as eels to being skinned. But the two or three fortunes sounded grandly. It wa«, moreover, evident lha the who helped to make an annual caving of, thirty millions was entitled to something for performing that little service to the ©owmry. Iboee who spent that much, or even moreter; though grim enough was the promise of comfort under the uncovered, dome where the great telescope was hou*e<l. As we- opened, the door the astronomer was gazing -into the heavens through the magic tube With absorbed attention. There was no sound except the loud and solemn tick! tick! tick! tick ! of the side- real clock, beating seconds., and with each stroke a thin iron finger on the dial pointed with a quick andsteady jerk to a. new- division of time—a new place.of separation between the infinite Gone and the infinite Coming,.making one think, by its incessant and inex- orable movement, that the Now is not a Present, bat only a Passing. An assistant stood before the clock ready, with paper and pencil in hand, and eye fixed on the second'sfing<i of the dial, counting the seconds as cue by one they filed away, an endless procession, out of the future into the past, filling up the measure ofthe minutes.44 Timet" called out the astronomer. The assistantclass, still more extraordinary—the Hon. H.W. Powys, Mr; J. S. Sbresby, Mri H. Gilbert, the library to their rooms. •-••.. ?' » • ' m psdf«$Astronomer.—These.'furs and woolenB keep, thewarmth in. The face and fingers ache sometimcB.'nut on each hand and six toes on each foot. In all casesCabhier, $2;500;-seven Deputy Collectors, |2,500 each; •the little gill and the border man so closely as to attract '••we forget all that in the sublime spectacle spread out. before our eyes. . .Reporter.—" Cold terms" and " bleated terms." Is there any truth in these expressions. Sir ? «• • •' :Astronomer.—O, yes, as applied to extraordinarytemperatures, and indeed it is no great stretch of in-the supplementary finger or toe is a twin of the. littleUNE reportt d: Buchanan opened the dispatch, so goes three WeigLers, Gaugers, aud Measurers, at $1,485;shitped, and no one, 'would notice at first sight that twenty-»ix Cletas, at! $1,400;" one Liqiudoting Clerk, picious. The little girl was token aside andvariations of the magnetic needle. It was already hpuse was regularly organized at every, session of the «v*tly machine.; Ti e »un tJ^oulverized is moreover well-known that the»needle did hot precisely point to Missouri Legislature. *4 Milord Coke" was the per-the conifctiurs. Sack races were also introduced, atwhich there were aa many break downs as heartylaughs. The most successful competitors'were. Messrs. mented Mr;; Fowler-found it a profitable placer* The.Martin and Hanes, of Exeter."College: •Smith and ociuai.salary is only $2,000, with a commission upon THK MACXKREI. FisHKRY.~-The mackerel fisheryt i e t e n «nd ;ttre+t portioj&5£every breaker, or near it. are Lnrdiedttof u cnaaMr^r tuns of thia waste,the pole throughout the day, but was drawn out of thepetual President ofthe Third House, always clairningthat position us a matter of right. As a ParUamenta-rian he had no superior in the State*, and. many aSpeaker and Lieutenant Governor has been 'brought totlthe blush by< Milord's'.' stinging reviews of some qfVource bf*income t«»-its mcurnbent, albeit'the late la- plaeed in one ol the Orphan Asylums oftbat city." the rent of the boxen, and sundry fees and grabbing, of Cohasset has closed for the season, !pHiug thehauled away at additional expense. There* lies, u& 124-our oscillation. •This oscillation was seen to be inBates, of Trinity; and Parkerand Lee", of Oriel.*-;;—Edmund About's book,' "' Rome Cohtemporaihe," which the police were compelled to seize in Paris shortly after its appearance, is now openly, announcedwhich, united, maheithe pluce worth from five to eight tlousmwl honest doUars'per annum. * 'teriy valueless, and may be had by anybody who willwharves with tiers of barrels of that flesh." 'One of the fleet, the Harriet Torrey retreats to her moorings, proudly bearing the banner of ,4 bigh'boaV'; or Cohassome way connected with the sun, since it attained its maximum western or limit at noon and midnight, and its eastern maximum or limit about six o'clock, morn-Then go to the mine its if. The ooal is blasted out ing and evening.vith gtmiwder in very largo lumps, with much ofIt Mattered into fragments and dust. Then the miner scope into position again,'and, the requisite intervaltake it out of the way.the mite, the lessee^ and to the world.It is dead loss to the owner oCThe DistrictrAttpjaeyHbij) Ofld the Marshalship are{jut down'in the apjiropriatrons at $200 and fees. This set, and jprobably of Massachusette 'bay.While talking, the astronomer had moved the tele with his pick reduces the very large lumps into «maller having elapsed, now caDed .out' the warning signal.third edition has just been published.. This: shows thatpiolally ten' thousand dollars honestly, andean be - "" ' . . . . m t . . . , . * ' . the bay,'' has caught 137 barrels with his own hook,ones, more easily handled. This picking makes moreAll was still once more; except the greatclock, which,—One of the represt-ntetives of the Chivalry in Con grcFS, who bad become irritated at his inability, to getmade to.i'oy twice as much by such as cannot afford to which will dear-above all expenses the gtougaum of keen a .conscience. $54^ We should hke to.bear from eithpr of the capesThe Attestant Treasurer gets $6,000, his chief clerk of any better fishing than that. Theflc>c%<'b«veall $2,100, and nine cloiks/niesficngwra and watchmen di- done well, while some of them ha<e'*niaaa*ti>is"be«tvide an.ongtiem come$12;000 annuallr. The Super- voyages ever brought between the rooks* the<ahore intendentoftheAssayOfficereceives$3,500,andthe fiseermenbearingoffthepalm/wblWtheBayCbaJeurAseayer and Refiner each $3,000;, then there are eiriit fleet were retumiug.with rs*her meager lares, with the assiutants and cleiks who receive from $1,500 to $2,^00 exception of oneor twor- , - - {Scituate Herald.each. " ,,.'; v'r;. - ^ ..: •.,.-.: ..>,<:,:^t:-lir ;... A NEGRO SOLO JUVTO SutvBRT is XxxKASKXS—The Steaniboat hulls and boilers have to be inspected by Democrat a have taid that Slavery cannot existin thiswa*te. The whole is hoisted or wheeled out of the 'wi'h its slow and solemn voice, spoke its inexorable mine,thepurebutworthlesswasteaddedtoamoun- <«tick! tick!'':tickf tick!" The assistanttain of the «u»e material, already collected, andwatobed the nervous finger of the dial with eager ex-nbout two-thirds of all ths lump coal "takea to the des- pectation, and movedhis lips unconsciously as he count- tructive breaker. At every bundling of the friable and ed, ia unison with the seconds' beats.,* "five, six,two officials^who. pocket $2,000, for this service. A Teriitory4 but, only a few dayH since, an^,^2|["'MWrb V $%$*&. '••••••••"^'t. brittle mineral some waste occu**, from tbojrst blow of the driJUfin the mine to the last shoveling into theseven, eightrnine, forty, one, two—lime! "The instant is recorded. The planet is caught again.verity of criddflm./'^T^eyi; are: very poor, meagerdiTitfcrtations on; any subject | that Mr.: "Everett Couldthinkofandwriteon^witijout.troublo^";/fTJbis;h»tbe2 -CJitulea-Jf.Dean, ^^j^^^^7^J^^^S9^9^i mentsavail'•tokeep.fromstarvinghundreds,ifnotsatisfyudebtincurredby1-mowner,Judge1Hollymeridian—first on one side and then on the other in aagain; "and that the period el this oscillation frommaximum hack to maximum again, or from minircum some valuable information, he only raises bur interest her, in the 78th year of bis age.featkm. Tt»« public lihould betUrconsidcr the orchertra and Its worlis. for that is the life and sonlof the Phil- hsnoonic. all else being accessory and dispensable.Ow Christmas night, according to cuatom, the New-York Harmonic 8odety gave at the Academy Handel'sMmn*k— the principal parts by Heedamea Eckhardt vented which will do the work without the irightful simplest kind. In 1843 he first announced hie suspicionandftoepel, and Messrs. StigelK and Formes. The loss realized from using the present breakers. But if of a periodicity, but it was not till 1851 that it waseho.uawasnotpowerfulenoughforthebuilding,and thesetwocurativesshouldfail,then,third,thatsome givenforthtotheworld,completelyestablished,inthe SliiveRepublic,•..''•'. ,; '] nibBtrespectstheexhibitionsofpreviousyears. Thereevery manufacturing town, if it could only be trans-tinned to do sowith a persistent devotion seldom feur-been 00i^iw^w^m^e^^^^4}^B Oxford.Fellowship at'.'•: 3ported thither. Bv this concentration, no lose would paseed in .the annals of astronomy. His observatory iahmsnt in silence, when the cry went up,." Burn him!occur, but a saving of half a dollar per tun between was a small apartment on the top of hisdwelling-house, burn him!" No sooner said than a hundred appliedthe price of broken and unbroken ooal. Second, thatif breakers must be used, something shall be in- coverer^ of the apocryphal planet Vulcan, was of theI AN ENGLISHDOG SHO W.and his apparatus, like that of LeBcarbault, the • dis- torches to the " man of straw," and in a moment the figure was wrapped in flames'. Ere it had been en-3d volume of Cosmes..;,., ., ;. . , ; , The correspondence of this period with the magnetic period first discovered by Lament is thought to promisepassages fret* and potent. Th< Hoiklujoh chorus, for bear transportation to market. Compression will the discovery of a principle prevailing throughout theexample:This,however,thefreeheetofthe.collection, solidifydryclay,butcoal-dustpoesesBesnonaturalad- solarsystem,perhapscoextensivewithgravitation. '. nepstothisprovince. Ontheonesideisaportraitof amountarecompetedforbysome300dogs,intheHorsereauir*-* five hundred voices and two hundred orches-Rrporto'—This is all very wonderful. Do you think, eness. Hence some artificial, cement must be in- ory-that these spots on the sun • have anytiiing to dothe Prince, and the words, " Visited Canada and inau- Repository, of Messrs.. Bretherton and Harrison. - No such con:plete, clairification has ever been attempted gurated Victoria Bridge, I860!" On the other side is before^ Viewing the Btrange diveridties in fonn,capa-Theodoras Piatt, and grandson of Judge Zephaniah twenty years ago,this privilege has never been extend- omer was at his post. The weather was bitterly cold Piatt, the patentee of. the tract on which that village ed to any Amtauan minieter.telescope.) .2 , Reporter—What is that, 8ir ? .; .laBtoccasionhisboatwassodamagedbytheenemy's , Slick <Mitit—and for myownpoor vari, "shot as to sink the moment it touched theflag-BhipSar-atoga. His conspicuous gallantry elicited a favorablenotice in Com. McDonough's dispatches giving an ac-count of the battle. He subsequently sailed a secondcruise with McDonough in the Gnerrierc frigate, to theBaltic and Mediterranean Seas; also, under otherCom-manders in the Java frigate and Vandalia sloop. About1823 to 1825, during the period of extensive ; piraticaldepredations in. the West Indies, Commander, thenLieut. Piatt, commanded the schooner Beagle, one ofthe fleet of small vess/is under Commodore Porter, wrote under it the following lines:Astronomer—VI% are making observations every fine ter's timely arrival, with a detachment of seamen aud.night on the positions of the aeteriods. What you juat marines. It was this violation of Spanish Territory will Tom bin self be able to as-ign away or anticipateheard me call off was the '*reading," as it is technically which occasioned the diplomatic correspondence be- lis income. It is moreover expressly provided that intary engineering, in mineralogy and geology, ah4the event of lis again entering the ring, the trustees This angk- denotes the precise direction of the telescope, which resulted in the arrest of Porter, and his subse- shall at once <evote the whole amount to the intereststetmed—the angle marked on this graduated scale here..and, in connection with the record of the clock, when I quent resignation. During this <4 Piratical War," of his cbilcTi n, so that it will be seen that all futuretweentheMinisterofSpainandonrSecretaryofState,ject en which he writes, and must have had access toiouuderMazid tLatthe demand* of the Commissioners have been promptly and cheerfully iubmitted to. . %. ' OWP'ullir.F'&LnctiOTtaryto the ComnCissioncrs.. Why, right; youare in the right;And *o,'without more circumstance at all,11 eld-it fit tl at we shall shake hands and part;Tou as your business and deVire Shall point you— For every n an hath buriness and desire—,prizes. The English setters are highly thought of. The Irish setters are notSo grand as a class, though the prize dogs are very line.. Some setters and spaniels, shown by Mr, Burdeit, are considered uncqualed. The retiievers are exceedingly good, Mr. Brails- ford and Lord A. Paget winning the prizes. There is, a good class of Clumber spaniels, used for cover shooting." Mr. Boalea and Earl Spencer exhibit the most meritorious. The two German boarhounds were much admied for" their strength and^ handsomeappealan<e. Turriig to 'the other division of the Khow, w e have the majesty of the massively framed mastiff,ferocious asa tiger to strangers, sagacious 44as a Chiierian" in detecting tl/ievery and chicane, gentle as a lamb to the hand that feeds and loves him; and we have the weedy, slim Italian grayhound, in form suffering from internal and external stricture, yet all grace' and tenderness; shivering at the end of a riband or a watch-chtiin, and 'incapable of stronger field exer- <i.e than the bunting of a gnin'ea-i-ig. There is the no- lility of the powerfol Newformdlaud, with bis colossal paw—humane savior of wrecked mariners from the swallowing Wave;!;ahd'%here is the Hntic-loving toy terrfer,ri«culous forits" littleness,delightingto be ca-. rcfstduj-ou bia lady'ft knee., There is the thick, iron- jiswed bulldog, with his Mealthyfeprulg and unrelentiog ^ripe, .fierte, unllinciing to the death; and there is the tiny spai-iel, which loves to be nursed and dandled, cr peeps timidly out of the "shelter 'of his" mistress's muff. There is the active black and tan terrier oworn. The Commission are opposed to reducing: the tcrfiaof instruction,from five years to four. However clesirous to reduce the time, none of the Professors could sug- gest, an abridgement of the time devoted to his depart- ment of study. They all wished additions to(OTeir courses. French and Spanish are both languages which ought to be thoroughly tautht, and cannot be dispensed with. Books on the art of war are chiefly written in French, and there are peculiar reasons in tbe circum-stances of our country demanding a familiarity-witb Spanish in our officers. TI e Commission, also object, for reasons already indicated, to raising the standard ofinstruction. '. :^x Under the head of." Reorganization,'' the Comto&nrfion submit a bill, of which the following is aa ex- tract.:- - "•* . '"""' ""•""The cadets Bhall be divided, as at present, into five clatets, and tl e course of studies shall be arranged so that they shall continue and be completed in five.s The year shall be divided into two academic terms, with aninterval,for the purpose of encampment. ;' ' - V* The fifth class shall he instructed in, mathematics, in the English language, and geography, in the Frenchlanguage, and in tbe-use of small arms and; iJ The fourth class shall be instructed in IIWWWIMW, in the French language, in drawing, in the use of smallar»s andgymnastics, x .'-^ ' ^ i ^ u ^ apr The third class shall be instructed' lu mecbaniss, physics, and astronomy, in chemistry, in drawing, intie English language, and riding. :The second class shall be instructed7h civ^'aiid*iffi-Lock yov, I wilt gb pray. : [Exeunt onines^ —Gen. Gcrrge P. Morris availed himself of an invi-tation from a young lady, some years ago, to write thefollowing lines in her album:" Tlie heart that i« riven to many .Can sever be eon; tant to any '*The album afterward was handed to Mr. Willis, his alter ego at The Heme Journal, who, by a certain electric afixity which has operated upon him more or less through life, was drawn to the page where theirjV-!:,« '?f •The famous .Birmingham Cattle and Poultry; Show kicked and torn to pieces by these gentle apostles of a is now open, and the collection is declared to equal intirely consumed, it was pulled to the ground, and—To five of the officers on the Western Division o*the Grsnd Trunk Railway very beautiful medals havebeen forwarded by the home' authorities, intended toserve as a memorial of tiie late visit of his Royal High- management of an influential coamiittee, prizes of largeHe immediatelystrange peculiarity. The young lady examined by Dr. the report, in the presence of some other gentlemen, $1 ,C0O; ten Clei kslipb, at $1,300; tbirty-qne, at $1,200; aaamir^d. She said she was an orohan, and bad beenBroca, far from being ashamed of her dozen of fingers, displays them with no little degree, of pride, for theyevery irregularity, as we say, is compensated by some pretty. She has gloyeB made expressly for her, and, —A letter-bag is sent off from Vienna every weektift*-eight, at $1,100; twp hundred and'sixty-one In-spectoiB, &c, at $l,0p5; thirty-four plerks, at $1,009,ference to consider that there is throughout nature arecurring cycle of changes, long.or short, by which are delicate, slender, tapering, rosy and.decidedly answer has i.ot yet transpired.ar.d one hundred and twenty-two regularly salariedcounter irregularity.; This law of balances has beenas she is an excellent musician, ,she has invented a to Madeira, luD of dispatches for the Empress of Aus-of extra', services, fees, and the long detial of similar prettier than hers, and that he had taken her to a bar- methfds of inereawhg both -the number and pay of ter and had her hair dyed black., He also told her officklsinthisdepartmentofUncleSamuel'shousehold; thatifshewouldallowhimtoputsomeyellowdyeondetectedonamagnificentscaleinthemutualgravitative fingeringofherown,bywhichshecanproduceeffectstiia. ThelastbagfromViennacontainedbirthday gifteand letters from all ihe members of the Imperialher skin, her complexion would become much whiter inafewdays, andthat.be had nut the stain on. On hearing these statements the girl was taken charge of by tbe captain, and potash, soap, and-water-being ap- plied, the dyes were taken off, and the light hair andplay of the planets upon one another, alike in the general which ether pianists with ordinary hands could, neverplanetary system, ia the miniature systems of the sa- realise. .They keep fondly in that smgular family the • family, expressive of their good wishes on her birth-nor r-eed I lefer to the local Light-House service with its immense iatronage—wiy $30,000.Then, us a sort, of corollurv, must be' named tbe Na-val,Offi<e, with its chief officer at $4,950, and the in-day, the twenty-fourth anniversary of which has oc-curred since her arrival in Madeira; The next bag will lawofcompensation—somemutualbalanceofexcesses artifcthasfaithfullydrawnandpaintedthehandsome-takeonttheChristmaspresentsofferedtoherMajestytellites and in neighboring' bodies taken two and two;portrait of one of the ancestors of that young lady,and we -may reasonably look for some correspondingpainted by noless a master than glorious Kubens."Thedefinite (or rather infinite) fees; tliree deputies, $2,000;twouhoidinaUsat$1,500;sevenat$1,400;twoat lightcomplexionbroughtto,Ji^;^;^v|Mce>eaded$1,200; five at $1,050; twenty-five, at $1,000;. and master was seized by, the excited; passengers, wic were about to deal with him summarily, batoatves*or variations—come system of recurring cycles in alland phenomenal hands, with six fingers, of. his model. by the Emperor and the Imperial family.chaii*s for the following officialH: Sdrveybr,^$4,900; pa>eed St. Joseph, and when a few miles below that destroyed by it. It is a most destructive as well as cent results. One of these is the 10-year period of the Si years. .In former times,, the 44 Lobby,''- or, -third exhibited corfciderableagility and power on the side of $1,100- five1 at $1,000; and several " Bubs" at from in what manner is not known, tbe ruifian escaped fromeraticn. Thia breaker really.seems made to wasteepal as much as to break it. One tun in five is utterly promise to lead to the most unlooked-for and magnifl-. by, died .JmPike County, Mo.i <m the; 4 ; iTM*-* aged sisted principally of hurdle, flat, and donkey races, and t vo deputies at $2,000; one clerk at $1,200; four at town rcunded to take on wood. At this point, how or3 t aand after resding it tamed.around to them, exclaiming:taken from an asylum in New-York by this man'; 'that, her hair was light and her complexion brunette; tbafc this man told her he was going to vhe ..South .with her.Clerks', & c , whose pay vanes from' $400 to $300 per where, m bis adopted child, she would have a gooa annum. I > n^ed not enlarge upon the suggestive item home; that black hair was preferredi n the South, and41 See the n alignity of Abolitionism."Miss Lane'sthe decisions given by them from the chair. Mr .Whitney was a graduate of Williams Coliego.vf He .after- in'the Paris journals and; sold in all the shops. The ast item is of varyminga maagn'itude, but is most remuuer- • lauac^d 1,500 bbls., and it is slw chiimedforher "hhrh»'.'•ward Btudiedlaw in Cazenovia, N. Y., andeaugratedto-AJton,; while Illinois was yet a Territory. Before the Imperial Government stand* much less in awe of coming West he married in Massachusetts, \w.here he the Kocuifch Church than it did a year ago. . Y lived with his wife and son for a short time,'when-oneday from some cause which he never would explain,hepackeduphisclothesandloft;neverseeingorcor- thefloor,ofwhichtheSpeakerprobablythoughtho responding with his family afterward.could not make a good use, was heard to exclaim, the —The Saturday Review A>f London -treats (Mf.- 'other day, in a final acc^« of ^passion,*41 have been in ,. Everett's Mount Vernon'< Papers% with Imercilces so--" Washington all Winter, and' caught every d—d thingat ivc in the case of the Marshal, whose office is worth line." William Berdic k, of C., " tbe diamnionhhitiof lKfurnaceinthecensumer'sdwelHng.Allthislossatthe Theaetronomerinspectsthefiiiely-g^uatedscalebymrnes and by the breaker, must be borneby so«ebody. aid of his little lamp, calls out .tho V reading," andre- sort of stuff which one of ;the very fow Americans who GeorgeW..Bamnger, CxO.;Pea6e, Henry paldwell, thousands; of bur citizeus." The above are, however,' who is now attheniines in Westqrn Kfihfai? iCueMd I^memher, it is twenty per cent, every penny of WW, Rumcshis narrativo.; ; . . ?'.', have earned a European reputation sells to an ambi- such us will first he exhausted in the impending man was torn from his aged wife and taken/into Mis-i/fthe consumer pays, because it ia in efioct charged on In 1850 Professor Lamont, of Munioh announced thatthe price of the coal he gets. If there W ? 0 , " - * 6 ; this semi-diurnal variatifn was subject to another va- or if this waste could be worked up and sold, the coal riation having a period of about 10 years, that is to say,u iGeorge Clarke, William Cjark, '.^^'r^^y.Parkeriaad' scramble.^ , ,V A„,",.. tious periodicsl for dC-10." " An eminent statesman' William Jlenry Harrison Thompkihs, was ijatroduoedsouri tobeagaiu sold and taken olf W someSwithern plantation;;'',' " ' | '".'• , V**?** r** i^*'*6e9h«M «£comrtroiea could afford to reduce the price in exact pro- ^on to what they realized from the waste. Hence Jho world of consumers is largely interested m tbequee. lien of how it can be rttihVd.there was found to be a period of greater diurnal varia- tion followed by a period of lees diurnal,variation, after which the variation became greater again and then lesstified in writing such very poor productions as the Mount Vernon Papers." "Everi when Ma Eyerott has had some little opportunity of reflecting on the sub-of 1812— a Legjhlator for many years of the State of Ohio—ore of the pioneers of Trumbull County in that State, aid a txan universally respected on the WesternMjs^i^misting and unsubdued at the South, I bear that within the urtt two days after the delivery of the great Union speech of Senator Johnson of Tennessee ne received 163 letters of approval from Maryland and Virginia.",Mg >mm ia**l-i"iiV '-rf<finiiiiuIi.••....:...,-,.,..-f—. . - ^ - , :www.fultonhistory.com."•tiiTftriMfri'irff'^v, vMMMMm '^j:•i$i0&^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069y<Untitled Document.;.)>**/*',t o V***^'. '**»"—Bigler of Pennsylvania, meeting••John Cochrane casually in the. hall at^^lard's Hotel, said,;» What about)this Bailey fraud, Cochrane; do you hear any-,***frt«ft>«^" Under the presidency of Lord Curzpn and, theI. nemy of all four-fooled vermin; and there is the lazy,curly King Charles, m an ungainly state of plethoraof good living, able to waddle.after a comely dame or tactics of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, in army« ad- repose upon 1er handsome hearthrug. There is the ministration, and the veterinary art, in ordnance and Lomes-pun,pL-in,iutelligentsbeep-dog;andtherea-egunnery,andin riding. » the grotesque, negro-featured pug, and the Skye-ter- Thejtrst class shall be iostrucred in practical engi- rier, lithe like? a ferret,'•and shaggy. beyond recogni- neering, in practical geodesy, astronomy, top1 ion of head or tail. 'The mastinsare a superb class; and reconnoiesance: In constitutional, intei«w^«-* the Mack Newfoundlands, equallyi4.good; thebulbdogs and military law and history; in ihe science of war; ;ej ubive, yet interesting from the very extravagance in the Spanieh language, and in riding. During theol sullen savageness arid litent brutality ia their ex-pretssion,, atd for their well-known pluck and prize-ring qualities.^ Sheen dogn are fairly representeo; theterriero attractive and maintaining the credit of their that purpose may be allowed, from time to time, underpounds,yetheisovertwo''yearsold,andadayortwoancestors re gned so long and so splendidly. He res- ago killed a fierce big rat, and his selling price is fifty • - cueditfromCharlemagne,partswithittoaparvenue; guineas^ One.inimitablyugly pug,that asa lapdog AWHITE C«ltDKinKArrin FROM NKW-TORX TOinstead of granting it as a fief to be held by bin vassal, would by contrast give cliarmsto a gorgon. Is pricea ;»B SOLD INTO SLAVERY.—-We find the following state-FAT OFFICES OF NEW-YORK.Surveyor ol this Port, in the plenitude of his sympa*thy for tic President, which all office-holders are saidto feel, telegraphed to Miss Lane to know if it was $2,000; Warehouse Superintendent, 2,000; Drug Ex- rogating him in such a manner as to elicit abfe^ersone, of a perfect shape, and acts quite independently oftheOthers.Thehandsandfeetareveryelegantly truethatthePresidenthadgonecrazy,asTHETRIB- aminer.$2,000;trirty-threeClerks,at$1,500;thirty- and evidently alarminghim. lids"was sus-Generj.l Apprtiter, $2,5<0t tluee- Appraisers, $2,500; tbe attention of tbe Utter, with whom- be wae-eoon rixAsMttant Appraisers, $2,000; Chief Entry Clerk, engaged iu conven-atii-n concerning the child, inter-$500to$700 each:.^. ; . . . ' . • • ?; •'y •'.J $8$t • the boat, leaving his baggage behind^ The girl wasThe Post-pflice is always vastly overeetanated as a taken by the captain of the boat to New-Orleans, and ;in towifexcept the Speaker's eyei'''ti -*-A polished; hbrse.thief?named> James Bawlings, a long list of uoiidescnpt public officers whoso emolu- under an attachment issued by tbe District <Jo«frt: toowes the duty'of self-respect notonly to himself but to' tojustice in Chicago last week. , - UNIOM FEELING.—A Washington letter-writer says:to his country; and no one 'wjio oould do better,-is jus- ; —Gen. Williams Ripley, a'trusted officer in the War " As au evidence of ti»e latent Union feeling still ex- muu i-B>ployed in thetoUnocu fuctory of AncU>w H. f i c k l e itSi'peni^oiy InsiHictpr jgets $1,500. Of course there is man was sold on the auction, block at Nebraska Cityphysical geography, in logic, rhetoric and ethics, inencampment, and the months of September arkftJcto- ber, when not on duty_ as officers, they shall receive practical field instruction in those, branches;) and fornot always, agreeing with previons. i^tetnerits,SUICIDE OF a CoKsuMPTivE^:^iuelvI>TOcan, a(tuioWsnw»r«»aei*4.,w * wCohas-She has•  