 «much by way of preface. As to the Emperor Louis Napolxoh,befeltthatitvvasanimportantsubiectonwnich to commence. The Duke of^ WxixiiteToB was asd most;Every present,States (or AOdraa soceasa., BiiHsftal'^4ttheof ptrtles to the enjoyment and use of it; third, theTheare the additional Telegraphic Chess Hatch apmadeOWBipou'to the use of such window so as to prevent the buUding of a wall obstruct- ing tbe light. The broad principle la, that a man has the right to his land, and aa high above, or as deep below it as he chooses. In New-York thereis no legal of title or license arising from presumptiontheuseoJlights,boweverlongtheyhavebeened, unless they have become strictlytog a cause el alarm to this valuable flih, or fromlaIaad Tegatables Is almost lasufferable, and; SixteenthWard, byJakis S. Libbitfeat of arms. he was undenia- Althoughproduced boto to the natural andNos.13,15,17, 19,4,21, 22,23,24,25, 26, 27, 29, 30,r Ito taMit of tkoM hud Hnetad tta attMltai of ika «far- Tbe iBstnamat wmi aoBdnc !« for Am oiill«<lf of nBBd, • MriM if'diiMbtttlBf ilpn far 000- •tOK*. Itlado4«aadHr. D. H.the wonders has been eiUbtog two of tbe speelea cf tbawHIi dartsg tba Wialarsaaioa, bas been eanidsted. Itu Hendsr, If yaar Ma^Tk )B*mi-tmhI ia tkafdxopftomthe qwakert llpo. From IbeIstbe works en aatnial" history'own BUg eoonaeli of personalon eve- Wednesdaytt. palliii,taanoI-A^Mdand Use of Light.Is toe oolv BMdletna wMeb•rlo''tiDa off" the sermon when ''Mfpart ttMieof becomes objectionable. laaaaaad, howarer, th»t sach so arrange- niaWMd, 10 that the unoont of spliltaal aoditoT requires may he easily reg- Ofeoniae, in this erent, a verb- be provided for each pew, that no man to pay for more preaching thanof moat enthosiastic ap-^ ^^M:lis ekto was somehow considered of little but vatoa,owing to toe faciuty wlto whtoh It was takan, the»"" («xw-Toax). . ach. These medlelaes sUnmlatem flamaak" C. states that the fire Capt.San Arabar,Francisco. W.T.OilpaMBaay had on at tbe time.Jkcupacr CcomcTSTiioii Sing Siko Psison.bondage to tois as wito B.irruption, between 8 and 9 o'clock, upon the unfor- plause.i To recflPtile the two toeorles, which were he from a former and toe trouble was impelled now, the tocreasing solicita- Brig Bemlngton, Smito, Mobile, Storxes,i,<CIeaiaaaOaJMaFaancn. They were employed In the stoneby the Nortoand conspicu- proving too rank, it was transplanted to Europe. And as thoroughly as it should be done. The HcKeetwo convicts flbySlSf prison Joan Dotls, altos Conner,way, and twenty-two of them, from 17 to 35 years of and age, were locked up. The very indecorous conducthe It [Mr. Ml toought:Tnesday Bomlng —escapedfromtoscrutable, butmightbe con-totyfindtoeydoing;O. Franeis, Clark, Paminsk; Biver, Ifeiealf fetbe men were marshaled for supper, and it is inferred -that they slipped from the yard some time during tliea very valuable diumond-pln, and over $100 in cash. ... -Ellzabe'h Stewart, a young married woman, re- siding at No. 37 Muloerry-street, believing that sheroom for instruction and means of attraction to this:I«o. 78 Wast Taatfa-streei. The Detective .Faiaaata oa the look-out for the escapsd parties, as It tabaSdred tbey are secreted In this City.tfre passsge _ _ Officer Welsh, of the Hariwr force, on Wednesday England had, doubtless, for hundred years had the be considered as belonging to this class, arrived at portion moseys appropriated Steamship Monnt Vemco, amltb, 1SW,lasrte vii St. been Louis, havingabsent fromthere is ample provisionof the House of are fully equal to toe means fur- SAILED—Steamships Quaker Citv, (or Havana^ Be- Industryand the duties of toe Tmstees a sufficient tax anoke, for Norfolk. &c. Ship Webster, for Livaryaal.s made his name a household-wordaamcd Henry Martin, who was also arrested for bayIng stolen goods. They were all locked up for examlnatlon On the same night, at 9 o'clock, OfflcsrsBentley and Kane arrested James Creden and LukeHapwad for stealing a of fish from schooner but sure to prove her perdition when it fell.among The air- In Hr. laaixsou's new boat are separateao that even If the hull should be broken laair-chambar destroyed, it would onlyren- kaat laia buoyant tbe of sir whichprinciple Another, andlife-boat we a«B,]spoaaasaad bythatof l(r. Isoiasoix's. It la aajbov and stem self-acting valves, which,byr-fl|Ua burglars' liad visited. Sabscqaently, a of the have taken place to Europe ever stoce. And those partPxABB a tew an amount was sutwcribed years since,sufficient to Induce toe purchase of a farm, toe title of whicb was vested and remains in toe Trustees of the Five Points House of of wldch Mr.narWad over advantageanyhavepropertywas found In tbe possession of three lads,principles, overtorowtog toe system of toe feudal aristocracy, were toe principles which England ^ad invariably opposed. England and France would.«_ Davia, Car-BOtallew water toMsia In over the sides, or from someof toem felt lU[CriesShe is of great strengto,Industry,farm was bought to provide for destitute boys a tem- Schr. Monncain Avenue. Greenfield, New-L^Mon 3it as air eampartments being the liftingMote * Co.TiATiuxe.—A« an instance of fast > bas bean attracted to the retom of Hon.Caraners' laqneata. 80ALOXD TO DIATH.antl-Galllcanspirit.for situations. In addition to mental in-Napoliob, England it Is to teach them how to with wood.1 aii St. Louis to Jeffersonback In toe of his son, yet LoBts Napolxob-stroke,d Mail route via LoskWUeh be reached In exactly twenty-sixI two hours after New-York, travel- leavingommrs o» Sotjnd and Uitir SriAHEns.by whom that treaty was framed—Castlersaqb, Mbt-MAXASIBSJohn David Wolfe, No. 13 Madison-avenue, or at—Tka steamerEgyptian Antiq'nUies.Williams, EXT. DB. TnoUPSON'B LXCTUBI BITOBX TBI niS- thite great coospirutors agato^t toe liberlies of toe ship. The life-boats are numbered from one to the Chemical Bank.BOSTON, March li.—Bark 0. J. Obafte has iriftsfon the •'eloekP.M. Shehadaroutecrew is divided totoply the grand idea of national life, national from three to ten men, each wito an officer. The dif 9 East Thtrty-fourto-street.*• usual «« wlibtbe course of lectures on Ancient Egypt" intended to annken public Interest In the contem-larger France, or of Europe. Ireland did not, at this day, embody the laiesi Improvements. The vessel is fallBALTtHOBB, mtJ>eSnmmer. TheVarHerbiU, wbich ithad been an-his regret thai he had not invaded expressed it,and A iteamer and lighter bas been dl»>placeStoningtonWednesday,mankind.idea, he said, was sim- eight, and toecompaniesComnunaceallh, Capt.are aALEXANDRIA, Ta., March IB.—Arr. ship Annisi*"* bar'aadag bare on ber first trip for tbe season at 5of W. Alexander Bradford,total loss.Laurie, direct from Liverpool, wito mdse. for Virciai«_nnaeellBBeeas.March 15.—The schr. Fred Sh»««. bonea •andmorethan complement of passengers. This boat hasLastenter, dischargegood freightt>een put in complete order, and will run In connec- tbe second oftbe Plymouth Rock, Capt. Siosi, throughthe dying Napolbo.vfhlp rigsed, her rigging beliigRev.ekester County.for Savannah, is ashore at Smith Pointleaktojr.patched.-(By telegrsph.) h-._«^head to the beach, stem off shore, andM||would run toc«^^"^ Worcester route, and wiU run with the"?TM«««berSaSZA^h P^^^^o^s.^TM^"»e- ThesteamerNcvcables have been laid,City, Angelespersonmore than his son—had arrived. Mr. Mircaii pro-valves. also aShe has two supplementarysity of application ? personalJ. W.TiBBicu and Talltbabs— he characterized as theaft to damage to toe extreme ends of guard agatostoff Howe's Bhosl and sank to deep water; vesieiaadTroy, has been placedThe Commodore wUl takelection of the Antiquiliei of that wonderful land, now as irue as ever—that was todown. Sheisot sharp model, having a handsomely curved bow and a clear run. When loaded, theThe ship De Witt Clinton, sshore at Siinan. MsawipClt7,huTHBKKPESOHNAFOI^OM.ito San. lad idgbt despite the crippled state to wbich to the extent of from *300 to tSOOin SaNDTWtod 8. K. sight. light,^-Jradneed by an accident at Antelope Peak near 'art Task Remaining in San Francisco eighteen;March It. sonseC—Mol ~ '^-Supertotendent. Confributors may rely uponbUUK,SaiiH arrived in New- York by steamer oaThe toternal arrangements against fire,must kmd. She is provided wito four bulk-heads, and has also water-tight tanks forward andthe Bsr at 1:16 P. M. Wind light, clear.SAVANNAH, Uanh 14.—Arr. baik New-York.d^%lfr.bank of Jannary last, having been absent but sixty- two days and a half.shipThe audience »as nei&a»;AUth^a*'''''"8TM'triptoAlbany,WeJ- able,and—whatisofmoreconsequence—CantaT Jm,Broadway.The President, Hon. Lctbxs Bbadish, introduced'the Reverend orator, who announced for his" The Influence of Ancient Egypt on Modem Scienceand Civilization." In a lecture too brief for the im- that be had had the satisfaction of seemg hisown letters to toe Dublto Irishman translated and portance of the subject. to those " to what published In L'£sperance. an official organ of tbe Em-dlsasier last pSi h^*"^^ which she sustained in the concealed by the th„.^*f repaired, and effectually°^«^''»"lln8 and repalnt-^welal «rr«poode„t, „d :Sff Rawlings,ever, bad directed toe attention ol his successor to thatwords atIsland, and none of his St. Helena had everNew- Jersey.Fatal Bailboad Accidiht.: -"Ingwhichshesubjectnow attracting toe attention of France—so much so,Matthxw Ryan,dead Inpoolofblood,boaidtog-house kept by The wallsBammore;barbae?Aaiisra Abeoad.-d°"*;,.,„ ''^chtsteV«hr^«v«.«~^aalal artist of Frank "" B.bobaus,Thompsoitshowed solemn angu-as it was New-JerseyKoad, passtog throughNew- toeof wlilch toere wereweresmith,' Trinidad;hyk_Ita Niw''^••*"*U»»"»werath«r bidders onlyconcludtog sentence,JiWWwln. fr<»> MoWlJt-ea* Mwa_v.-T«tbH.sillMttJtoBtract.ItislaidthatHr.;Arrmt 1 Brtftof-Marcb l> Bttaia,IV.rW,very large, fashion- Iniellectual,— made a finest vessels which has ever visited ihia port. tongue tliey hardly si^n. Napoleob,bow- oftheDl uTue/i large extent we were Indebtedlb* paaseagers in the ^/,i"T„'^,ff''' ^'^ """"K lar men" of tbe land and age of the Pharaohs, ler T».sd«revenjng the two genuTM,. *''""^''^- °'' most important toventions. Tbe arch was discoveredftlswlaat iba MetropoUtai »he"^° '«"="«1 t"eir^"^ '"«•issued from Geneva, and sent all over the land.Brunswick, slipped Achambermaid at the house, by toe room passtogAt AspinwaU, March «, schr. Oeatial Aasrisa, I Turk'sIsland,arr.1stInsL,aadatliKb.«ad>d>y Da*awUi-s Band, after wm.Jsar4Ks.-u!?,^sni^o?tSeXi«'"-" but ten centuries before tbe Persian war webat half an toan a fair field, on a fine Dover-sueet,subsequentlyTbe want of money to pay toe foot of toe outbon26to, Cnlon, at Breasan;snh.Loais Napoleon, „ ^_tor their as the pay,^«S*f'-2jo'«*« BbastevSrmsde. Tha next leetora of tha eoorse win basdeliverad by Rev.made a Polytecbnle Clnb of the Aaart-uponeauunea. From this new Inrcntlon a principle which he opposed to the Englishto dawn upon the progress of church oon- decisions, was, that the presumptlan of the rai many who now stay away from right to use cannot exist, where there was notUngpotentate perhapsquaniityrender toe pursuit profitoble to toose engaged to ii,blood andtba I"'-"theyaretooiazytogo,ortoopoortohare the " gospel brought In fact, t he adoption of tha new WiMd Mvm ererjbody the necessity of to .kaar tba nnnon. The laying of i' fram tha Taitant choiehes through the prln- 'woaldAiniill all anopportunlty to Intro- as perhaps, MMiMa.wllh accenity of tha latter element „. Mat lawt aatoof those benefited by tne'M tfek^an woold be the elergsm^ hlm- 'powertopreventsuchnse—as,sinceamancannot by legal means enjoin his neighbor from the use of a wlndowwhich overhangs Us vacant lot, so the neigh-probasboly first,the second boardttttj^aBparaliOaoEnglish newspapers had been good enough to attrib-ute to him, [Hr. M.] A member of Parliament Saedualtolcyreasing navigatioo of tbe river prov-U Baakisaa^traat. This mtUSt ItliWiiWig^late fliali hcmaes aa conveniantlyrik^radaea «ateTorgaa,doliig away,*' anecnijeony-tofdisposed wltoont any mmeceasary,of lotwhichrevolutionIn'Paris,he atonceit proclaimednrHcll the ehorch reserrolr tuU, atttibnaii the week, and boiatthe gate tlaeoii SmdaT' Mor should so useful fca etm&ed tothe use of churches alone.character,the moment he heard the news of tbe lastFatD, Eighteenth Ward:for Street Commissioner,hispopolarstsn. No. S» Bruidwa^i'.rain night be made tbrougnout tbe cut,tha use of ancient strictlycoming.miraculous pieceofluck—pieceofluck notlikelygives a brilliant light, only surpassed bygas.contents of whichIbs Overlaad Kail tm «•««—fcevery Monday and Tbaniay, at • A. IL ' MHSi^icomplaining cries that went up,, eanteilng In the Council Cham-accomplish, so keenly the oldDoks felt and kne^that the triumph of all Europe over the French Emperor had been aato occur again in ten thousand years. And so tooBada • din that tha City fathers- jd ^r iiaBtiiig tbe olamoiona peti-ttaata, oafore they could hare pro-lodgedtoigh infllcttogseri-^gmbor cannot a acquire righthadsomedaalaens of the City Hall, when_Isbnmghttotheir notice,will tion,thePresident,HihxtW.Dosbbsi,IntheChair, ao caie can doubt who has ooeerved the following Officers of the Society, for the currentmachinery. Ap-don. [Applause.] But the stockholders aad preciated as such by tbe great Exhibition ef Pans saicKsox.ixtaad to the owdera political craft Kkoae experience In the art of would mable them quickly toyear, weie unanimously electedHutarmidst of peace, when the two countries were to closegreat success obtained.The skin of this fish Is of a Ussae toe exact charao-tor of whieh it would be difficult to establish, when we hsve ten or twelve samples of different kinds oftozicatlen, and yesterdsv she was found >U8t.Jotech." momtog•awbNuibahci.—With great show George F. Wickes Thomas F. Harrisoneomplais of the generally dilapidated William W. Smith, Thomas F. Harrison, John H./ eondlt^on of their quarters la Old-slip. Fanning, James H. Partridge. Trustees SEaj>mOufeftlciDo.,leatoermadefromtbesamesktotoitenormalBoDDXHDfatb.—JoHX;, tke oficen and members of the First Pre- nard. Trustees, Thomas Foulke, Leonard Hazettlne,sole-leather,tems. Mr. CoBBiB, that great high-priest otidrygoods, The average price of a white whale, whieh WiUoughby-sfreet,Uarschalx, an old resident ofof.cells, and dormitories for the men and all on oaa floor, aad a aolsy prisoner ef- sleep from the eyes of the other On &e lower floor of the building Is a Laaikat, in which the rats rerel by day iatnighttheirsuperfluousenergyinracing ^doorandcelling. Inadditiontothe I from this mtorce, the stench wUch ex-mystery. tJAO, oa account of toe valueEvergreens, Wednesday last, fell suddenly and ex- pfred before medical aid could be procured.Hum. Hew-TorkIspecial meeting5,000 pounds, and are worto $200. These are about 22 feet long, and IS feet to circumference. The ear is so small that only toe1tha chinks of the floor from deca^gthe theoryawas greatof the Manchester school, whicb various ktods of lealherSpecimensttm Bonmer to attract myriads of flies, who fillbly great on all questions regardmg the matters of supply and demand, and Impregnable on button8,yet he [Mr. M.] denied that h« was intimate with all the great questions which concerned the toUrest of tbe people, the government of nations and the conduct ofand Mts atatfy men who are appointed to per-fltgoBtUadulyB^packed Into a dormitoryscarcelyIflWa anaogh, asdar firrorable elrcnmsiances, to ac-sBpHaAta InlHy, so that when one section turns No. 48 Bayard-street, on Tuesday evening. Mr. Fsa-kings. Nevertheless, be was always ready to give adeliberate opinion upon any subject and upon all oc-casions. Once, while Mr. Cobdbb was declaring at eveatog, to toe German Presbyterian Church, Sixth- and was sentenced to pay a fine of (25, and be im- city of Kortblk a banquet got up to BLondon • to favor ofthe HuBgarina cause, that the Russian Czar dare nbtlend aid to his Anstrian brother, who was then sorely.,Alecture was delivered on tliisDoty was convicted upon an todlctment•dnd^^ the men Mi%^aodeau>raUiiBgstreet,fine is not paid toen, 30 days are to De added to toe term of imprisonment.ISklha want, imvcntilated beds that their comrades but is now in Wiliiamsburgb disabled by an accidentvan cAiivaaaiA. v.Mar.M ...Ibiw-Tark...tairajast vacated. This thamefnl condition of af- which recently t>efen liim. Among the gymnasts,pressed, because he, the Czar, had no means, and detemunetoe laws of civilization. There are threeilllMllCarpathians, poor that barbarism was the stote of man. The right-feeltog eager help lady. originalDr.JuIn Us tendency and subversive demanfs the prompt attention of theMessrs. G. A. Ratz, Qdis, Ridib, Bcbrbah, Btn>, PxHifxio., Fcbtlll and Wxia were particularly distin- guished by the excellence of their performances.could be crushed out toe money-lenders of Lom- byHelp for Poor Children. APPXAL FOB TBI CEILDBXH'S AID BOCIXTT.«( aWlBOyCttf anthorltlss. —bard and Thread-needle streets were agatost him, erroneous toeories: 1. The Pantoeistic 2. Thedark masses of Russian troops were pourtog through Humanistic. 3. The Materialistic. These all agree>tlJ^'-M extract lh>m tha protest of Captain Rev. Dr. Uisccx, at the invitation of the Committee Ca&ns; "Wednesday, Uarch 14—Commenced of Arrangements, made a few well-timed and judi- iriik~AaA bisaias i^om northwest, and clear. At cious remarks on gymnastics and the importance of 9 1. M. got ondar way from Quarantine, with a pilot physical training.7b tteifrom Hon. Hobacs GaxxLKT. Besides the address, Ikv aasBs of tbe deck, between the main and there was nothing of unusual interest.toe light, and looked through tbem. We might toe latter. But self-consciousnessand 102;m second cabto and S9 steexace.Tbe yards were then squared, and stood for Sandy Hook. At tt>H p. M. the flames broke through the deck, and>afai»book,beatacross, and shortly after struck Ika baaab near station No. 1, when both anchors mm* let Jgo. The pilot-boat SUwoott Watltr then tolkaf tfieoOeersaQd pilot, and transferred them tlUftttua-tag Mar9 A, SImnt, leaving the shipbut no, he listened to Mr. CoB- niH long and attentively, and after three or four days Mr. Cobdbb returned to his own home, satisfied that he had left the Emperor a wiser and a better man.mnAmu AuunAO—fao bat. Bun rises.... 6 10| Sonssla.... C 07|Moanss<lltfiagon St. Patrick'sis to be celebrated in Hartfsrd with unusual display.Police Reports. XINOB ITtHS.;eatoUng fiie, the ship was unmanageable.[Applause.] Most assuredly toe present Emperor of toe French had no desire to do any evil to the peopletiistoiy centres.of the world is toe history of redemptioiL"homeless boyssustatoed toe School for ItalianCk*immutMwerethencutaway. Thesteam-tagBun- *«artoakofftta crewat lS:4i. The vessel struckTheto Mr. A. H. FsaoDsoif....War. IT. ...Rav-Taik. .. Mar.st...Jlav-Ta«k... MBr.W....Maw-TKk....OF THl Wabomo. The following The music was furnished Dodworth's and by Band,tbe and withto a fortnight What manis not to JefleisonandHungary was crushed. Mr. Cobdxb toought to true philosophy of history stonds opposed to all toese, poor, unbefriended cliUdren, and especially children W. WhJe.elLerm,onA.anModnell, M. ChaiJsvlan,«alWaid,andnroeeededtosea. At11:30A.M.passedhooksandeyes. [Applause.]capital and skill of England to furnish those articlestion, tospirtogandshaptogit.Was the first state ofwanderersof our streets, and especially to give toem good homes far away. 'They are certoto toat toeyMuUord, A. BluBS.E. BloH, L. rJat M:1S P. H., when in the act of publican Campaignman barbarism, a crude capacity with a deve- tardy.C. Osbarne,6eo. F. Moors. V. ^sv.dery, John HiU, Jas. xon, T. C. Heoer, i. KaH Seeleman. Geo. Poole. D. lurris, J. Hose, FiaulttmtjIlnOiaftf^rfac the main yard, to discharge the pilot, smokewas diacoTsred issuing from the booby-hatch, and usual, in consequence of tbe promise of an address:at prices tosuit tlietimes.;;Corresponding Secretary,pare for>*n'Ki3ii?r''.Brii nJ'iwn teMtbalidaffbaaa«a<Vuaa^ Ib»-B«i4Tw—IbasrasOLK FrUrt'Oflfitshould be extended to Ught remedies for Infringementsecond,legal rightsQuebec, and as tar down as Fatoer a abont MO miles. It Is also found to immensefollowingexpoundedBaytoe first e(daalste, who engaged to eatebtogli,«> a »7 R.toK.3.BOABD irO. I.meetingof the Teachers' AsioclaUon~nie OvsTlaDd MsSs feaa It, Jsasfk dbOijtd^h- U ba sfcoMaatdofMasatbpsiT last ta as.Tba Taulisj ooaelodad Usk»kaat wMik Hr intaaar Cl^, ta aav-~» tetaresttag dts- •WtoB la tba Tax *a sa« nfiasswf tow etbar '" ' ms-fprp>9e~%a_il ID tlbasa mBesrebaanntus anda lary el n^bTBcaef taeCltynot to salfer Loadun.nniiUTB.aaMCbaaeO topieeuretbalB- for the eaastnietiea af tba engines, would obligewl.twb «a wvr«mia^Paris ud BfvUn to BtoBeiioilBeWuaabaabaaa awstraatbigTiTtr, of Kamannska, Ohnada, who Ifate tba Westam rtvait over lee, smw, and water andHessn. tan * Lsaus to wait anofpresent^~?J*5^"'«*'?"'"" J"'S" .S*T7??v ??TM''Lawraace, lasteveningdnrlBf tha pceaeat -week, aad It is expected toat It y«i winraarbltidaatiaalloaiatlmefbra trial trip thUtobailtb, aad eHalaaMr,amAa>a«lnone too for other tomedlsto neeasaitiea. large<"»Monday next: snbjeet,tunate women who frequent Canal-street and Broad-both partly right, It was nscefsary to look a little at toe man. Louis Napolbob. It has been said be wasbad, got age.to keep it from betog buml out by toe South or frozention for the children from toe West, and toe tocreas- &Ca.;deliver a lecture onHe Cooper Institute, last evening, drewPresident, Vice-President, Samuel M. PerkinsW. DossHsiTreasurer, Samuel D. Allison ; Recording Secretary,pre- tovaslmi. ThusitwiUbeseenthatdeadtotbeSutioa-honseceU. Anwbea the jury rendered a verdict toat consumption wastoecauseofdsato.TheCaliforniaMallswillaad 20to of each montb, at MM Hssbsfore. thehonrofsailtaKlsHenty W. Dunshes, Samuel M. Perkins, Allison.Sphynx arid pluckedHe believed he had discovered thePOLioii's thoughts, and thought that in the progressthat had been made by the human species since tbeFirst Empire the true honor and dignity and glory ofa nation bad at length been revealed to manitind, w ell-skilled naturalist can find and toe sense ef Dr. BiACKwiLL will lecture at toe Athenaeum on Mon- TaaderblltBaSfc tsHsl ^^ Mar.II..;Jtaw-T«lL,., Hsr.lT....>stflaat....'Mar. Il...3astaa. Mar.3I....Msw-Tsfk...JI^SE-f Mar.M....Vew-Tssfc.,;state, leatoer, velvet, and black leatoer for Ixwts and sboea—A MozABT Hall Dmiocract.the Mozartwith particular refetence to deciding upon contestedThe attain pounds. largest— HXDICIBX AE A PsOrXeSION FOB Woifzir. ^AtNova ScoMan America Aostralsslanwas heldlastevening by^all Democrats,toe tovltotion of some of toe ladies ofit consistedin the nniversal diffusionof It, ontoeabove OltyofBaltimoia..Mar.U....Raw-Talk...^.^_^_the Chair. The Com- mitteeonContestedSeatsreportedin favoroftheseats. MayorWoonoccupiedheailBK is more acute toan to any other fish of toe day evemng, subject. Korto IfoUowiog ticketbeen reserved to that very I., committed suicide on Wednesday by taktog ar- gentle- tle known, will' attract toe attention of merchants senicnu.byJAMiB DssnnisTenth Wasd, Fifteenth Ward, by Gsoaei C-;CiaaiT;;and toe tovestigation of savans.of the from toe skto wereWard, by Chablss Bbaslat Twentieth Eighteenth ;WJrd, by Jakes Cossout. The meeting took up the subject of the Fourth Ward, and after a loug and ex- cited debate, decided In fsvor of the Stiine ticket, after which they adjourned.,It relieves have to seek repose ocsos wa« formerly a partner in the establishment,and34, 37. 35, it,Baxcela Asia. Oireasstaa... Pulton Canada AraUa"^(a of discomfort to overflowing. But thedo not end here. The warehouses, filled Ma oatchandlse, which tbe First Ward piB>, lamire a strong police force to protectstate,31, 33,Cfrcuit Court Calendar: Nos. 135, 144, 150, 153,154, 159, 12, 38, 47, 52.In toe Court of Sessions yesterday, Dr. Stiphbb B.:Now it hadmen to convert the French Emperor to:heard those solemn to alliance, we'had warntogsjM^vralont tigw..^Thb Lawb BxorLAinio ran Uan o» Light.— Egypt aad tbe Scriptures."whale from toe St,statement before toecan Institate. The aasae, be said, given to tbls flA season. Mr. Wlard claim Oat tt will make rail-ChiefFira Depattmeat thinks his spproprlaBon,JMiOOO,Dnl- an erodlto lecture « Th«by toe French Canadian Is " White Porpoise,' butItroad time (at miles aa ban) wltb perfe ctWnUAH Cmms Notss, Bsq., dellverwl at the"safety.luam R. Caniiea, TryabotDaortwa.•Mof wMok, la ttliTh*ud cotoka* the wordi ufho Aaoa*!, jIpm on laid beoeatk fctto'miMaparteof AM boon oceapled b dafaettre, udflwaeter- attaelMd to Dm tide of tlie pew, dU aatatfaln wbeflwr them eztreml-Uko su-bmBers, wKh stop-cocks a man could not build a wall on his own land because was the for a roundsignalverslty, last evening,Laws Regnlathig the EnjoymentHe considered, first, tbe origin and nature of the ob- ject to which it is necessary that legal protectiondenominated to alltbst he had oonsalted. toe Whtte Whale." We find ooNTuniAnoii of ibb xatch—aams bxiwxxj EFFECTUALLY CIHIBS AHBit interfered with tbe Ught of his neighbor^ house plause and cheers— cheering, by the theon the of the Freaeb Govern- part»1? Sl'S-R-a. «::K:Si.?:*-Si^iofhrerssi.'^u^.iairi"pievlonsly built. Among these were cases where llgnts bad been enjoyed for a period of'-twenty years,or forty years, or so long as that legal knowledge did not exist, of the time when such lights were not en- joyed. In the last-named oase, the right is term- ed the right to an "ancient light." Theaccompanied waving of hats and handkerchiefs, eontinaing for several minutes. As soon as qnlet was restored, Mr. HrraaxL went forward to the desk and delivered bisKmutoi, '"s*T"Seventh Ward headed by Jobm Rca-pecially of calico from Manchester. [Applause.] day tbe various properties of this fish, as yet lit- L.Clrsasslan Fulton... North Briten:day Tcntoniammm.'T.mtr Mar.*... Jlev-TatfcSkmii^tNinth Ward, by W. J. BaiSLiT—TheCocbts. CityCourtCalendarforthisGthkastio Exhibitiok.—A benefit wasThe liawi of CiviUzatioB. LECTUKK BY SIT. DB. BITCECOCK.given at the Oriental Gymnasium,subjectlastcharging him wito committing an assault upon an Irish girl,The Ekpublicah Campaigit Cums.—The Ee.He the whole profferedways, to clotoe, shelter and Instruct toe poor Uttle Bean, Mrs. Blna, lbs. eeorge, IA. Sack aad InfanttP. HeSuMien, T.!Club held a meeting In Clinton Hall last evening. The attendance was larger thanH. Davis, J. Priebard, T. CUSt. Patrick's Dat.—William E. Robinson, Esq., of this City, has accepted an Invitation from the Irish Societies of Hartford, Conn., to deliver an ad-they have supported toe News Boys' Lodgmg-bouse, wito its 4,000 different.siandress in that cityevening.dayMARINE INTELLIGENCE. XXW-TORK....TEUBSDAT, March U>.Peter Brunck, the mate of the ship Bernard, was arrested last evening by the Hariior Police, oa a charge of having stolen 400 potmds of cotton from on;countrySteamship(QuakerCity, Shnlsldt, &Co.;exhibited,manufactured greatly toteiested toe audience.on theon the part of Capt. Tumbuii Mr. G. Chevalier. gible to his contemporaries than the presentol these females for some time has induced this steptended,contrary,greatbere. Ir our own country, we see our oceans, circltogour fertile prairies and our keen air settmg toeirit. great:^arry, and effected their escaoe, probably, through while leaving La^raKeene's Theatre, accompanied bytba aid of accomplices outside, who provided them bis wife iviiS surrounded by pickpockets, one of stand him. however, it was necessary to look at; ;miSh citizens' clothes. They were not missed until whom took his wallet from his pocket. It containedVlniniSB, T;o-jJabiaHar. 'afternoon, while the overseer's attention was di' bad been ill-treated by her husband, swallowed anverted. Son.! is of Irish parentage, and twenty- ounce of laudanum, with the hope of ending her life.aesaa years old. He was sentenced, for two years, She was removed to the New-York Hospital andaa the 18th of last March, for grand larceny, placed under Dr. Harris' care. Her condition Is pre- more especially to his written words as ahaving carious A piece of slate fell from tbe roof of No. captive to St. Helena. To understand the policy of atalan a gold watch and some jewelry belonging to a 64 Front-street, and struck the head of Patrick Gll- tbe present Emperor, it was necessary to study the bastiler at the Hetrepolltan Hotel, where he was em- roy, one of the laborers employed In repairing the projects of toe first Emperor, his uncle. His first aMadaa wallar. nincis Is a mulatto, nearly forty building, inflicting a shocking scalp-wound. Dr. idea was that France had a right to be the most mag-toeir efforts toe out and reliev- depends findtog;aiatbr Judge Eosaau, for twelve years for burglary «MMmlsd aMa tbe raatdenee ofBaiijaHra J. Hovr-lleKsLm-BoATS.—The business streets of the C% were startled Wednesday by the ezhlbitlon of a arts We-boat, the Invention of Hr. O. R. laaixsou.,wards removed to his home.via Havana, wito 3S1 passengers sad sraate tel>. B. AI- 'UHW>i^~nightarrestedGeo.WilsonandBenj.Crittenden, upperhand,botoonlandandsea. Wherevertoe tolaportonWednesdayfromLiverpool,witoaheavy (asmaybedesignated)totoenewLodging-housefor folk,wltomdse.andinsssngiiritoH.JUseamen beloaging to the ship Banua-d, lying at Pier French had extended and developed toelr power, in Jlo. 7 North River, for stealing 200 pounds of cotton eltoer way, toey had been surely met by English bom tbe above vessel. They had sold it to a man fleets at sea, or by English lubeidized armies on land.toese boys, and a portion to the work of findtog street Co. .VtaMaa.attic rooms of the boarding-house and lager-bier sa- soon No. 40 Bayard-street, accidentally took fire about !}£ o'clock this morning, and an alarm soon brought the firemen, by whom the building was de- luged. The furniture, which was damaged by waterfeet fitted wito aid. Will not send It to us, andIs owned by LouiB Lsbbabst. the proprietor of tbe house, and hespeedsafetyby farm asvesselsan economical and vestels In sight. Ship Webster, furWsaljIs uninsured. Tke damagewill scarcely reach $100, is probably covered by in-nislit,which has been for tomeyears paston exhibition in hated the British Empire wlto asTwo MCBDXES IN ONE DAT AT ST. LoITIS.—TheSt. Louis of Saturday report toat two horrible papersmurderswerecommittedIntoatcityontheprevious day. One of toe victims was Fbxd. Wm. Sam, naUve ol Hanover, aged about 28 years, who was found lytoglittle damagtd the N. K. *5ffggjg very by sjoTM;-and Bsed by them, in their tombs, as far back as the -sixteenth century before Christ— 1,000 years before Itcompanionwoman, attaadlng on a sick per-.green flag or toe pillars resemblinc a human figure, examples day, wito the whole British Army withto putot blankson to the room above, oaaid a noise, and gotog tostairs, saw Bnmr's friend coming dis- 29tAor,riJv.ead/romof the room. She reoMiaatralad wito him about JcaaB.atOavea;ithe invalid on was waiting, but FrUce, at Llvnrpool Id,in Roms. Greece was posed to have first formed the CaryaUdes, orwas used by TA««tini,of which may bo seen in the Academy of MusicBntM Pia«.EHoii.a._AkhouKh find tbem to Egypt. Palntinf gUolng,n^^^S.£.&rchl.rnci.J...ULlvT. Afriiga,fraB New-Orleans. ,..„„_„« ,_aijtk af eoastmetln.T two (team ft»-eogmes for CKr, twn seems to be but Uttle probability of th«irufacture of linen and with many eotton, leather,for ^eman-Yost, ^JerseyThe iniJaiai ^ba*Srd to the fenr-landtogandtheSmn, thebnr-Esypiiani. CouldthemummieslatbeMnsenaddedchangeoftoterestupontheThreeperCent. andalsoforbaryinghischildtoatenementgrave. xlaiswbUacscH>togfromhisownhouselafullcry fi»mNew-OrleansD'taseH ana tdecorations in colors that tbounnds of years have not destroyed.,melallurgy, the Doric shaft, asltJlcalled^hebis shtat ao attention slsara, b«t aaidother inventions and ingenolUes, wai* doe to the peak, (bey would undoubtedly dispato many of tbashotbyArrmi tt Kwtwowf-Mar^s,sup-New Orisaw—Feb. Csrl. »t Bremen;;tnrbtog.«K»r .3f (!nDl^ .m5^\ ,ejjiir'15 njo^^ll^irf?to etlgfcjltj ta Iba ^w— ^waaaattat Hvaaa at tlb«aTk« WUte WkKla af tk« SI m BTATiitia* ov urn. tanr anaaBI eoarssA I,eetare by Jabn Mitebel.The annonDCement that Joun Hitcbil would the village of St. Rochs, situated sixty miles belowa very at length the law of England on large number of tbe lecturer's friends and admirers.qosstl-of theserights.togetherevsaing:lecture, In sabstance as followswhite whale was toen wonb only a francagallon.EOLLOWAT'g PlUa.—BODUTTbe primary eaVM of lUl disease exMriirBe said had heundertaken to speak to-nightsome-3S lu.'S.' K*^?^"'- 2 P,^iba dliLgans, rectlQr tba dannaaauaii oCaa ttvtt*!mostthe Emperor Natolioii, atInto Hudson'sTbls eetacaons animal became, soon after toe discov- the subject, and cited the Instances in which The appearance of Hr. HivcaaL upon the platform ery of Canada, an aitlcla of comaieree wbiek entitledremarkablethoseQuixoticandfoolishenterpriseswhicbthe Someyeaislateritkilledthoesandsmeant to do by toem baiter than their own mastersand owners did. And jet the Wslhsotohs and Bcs- say.amalgam, The ballot-box Is toSteamer Octorara, Fowler, Sooth .aantopsd'«*afintaeea from that part of the ship where theaottsn was stowed. He has lost his chronometer, and. board that vessel, while she lay at Pier No. 6 North a Napolbob ok the throne of France did bode ill to ward causes. Man is everywhere, more or less, in toerelore, every season to remind toeir friends and Maverick, £llis. New-Orleans Robson « Fosdlab;naa. a*«cU as his officers, all hU clottung but what Elver The Police of the Eighth Ward made an the present aristo^fescy and crown of England. 1 Ad- to nature. The civilization which Noah toe public of toeir wants. The Trustees are toe more Whitman, Bremen, Hughes Bros.ooTMS weie not altogether to the wrong. Doubtlessbecomes, necessary,i Co.;Witchcraft, Boott. tlan Fraociseo, Isttia *ftk;toat noous figure had ever been more clear and toteili-; Lodging- Duncanof toe French. In order to under features upon The fourtomore toan can be accommodated mast lie in toeir Superior, Bobinson, Portland, O. S. Baleb sA. Tri- ;be- epitaph The Emnoror Napolxob—toe third of toatname—.The French aristocracy fell to toe first revolution, but toe English aristocracy were enabled to stave tbe popular upristog off by toat great credit system which was. Indeed, her salvation while it lasted,at Glasgow, bytralian mat! contract service. AStei a.most successfulespecial contributions without meettog a liberal res- ponse, and they do not fear to tie disappointed now.Donations can be sent to toe President, J. L, Mabob,rial trip to Alexandria, she made toe voyage to Aus-amateurs by his race and sail boats.shell of the boat, and are divided into com- Lady Suffolk, lying at Pier No. 8 East River. Both toe Code-Naboieon. and embodied la every statute, ability to fulfill its terms, toe Company for whicb she or to any of the Trustees.quantity The principles of toe revolution were contained in^committed for examlnaUon.THXn or B&ASf KITS.and the steamer returned to England under canvas, maktog toe trip to ntoety days, as tbe Cavansih.No. 118 West Eighteenth-street, which lag of the French revolution, and of all toe wars toat during twenty of which she was becalmed.A number of keys, valued at (74, were stolen ontaanbar eontalned, tha compartment which holds Tuesdaynightfromtheblacksmith'sshopofMattoew [Applause.] Inthosefewwordslaythewholemean-tion,Soon afterwards she was purchased at private sale bythe Cunard and placed to toeir Itoe of Company,nrtaint lObdlTlded on tha samePnlkhaaris of steamers.In response to an made appealby quantitydocument and law made imder Itit toe sanction of "Napoleon, by toe grace of God andlbeinll of the people, Emperor of the French."named Thomas Kiley, Joseph Lesson andMiller, who, having been arrested, wers held for trialby Justice Killt. Leeson admitted that he and Mil-ler perpetrated the burglary, and that Riley simply of Good," and renewed cheertog.] Yet, assuredly' em improvement, havtog had received the keys from them,and New-York- fitted vrith every mod"Stephenscrew steamers between Liverpooldenas 11 with snsar and molasses Co master ds.,soon be at war—[cheers]—boto "and Uaccommodations for 211 PxASE (Its founder) was toen Superintendent. This ton, 4o.. to McCreadj,time." Well, toat party had failed In toe per-are direct-acttog, of 700 (nomtoal) horsepower, wlto toverted cyltodersand trees oldto freely, we must solicit yieldApalaeblaela: vanson of LoriB PniLLipps, and if Napolxob did not comesave toe neces- We ate all residents, the whole or a part of toeBrig Georula, Sherman, boarded,No. 3.By Telearapb. HIGHLANDS, March U. sonset—No tolceeded to argue toat toe gospel of nationality toTwo of our members are practical farmers, and Mr. Pbasi, so long knownhis labors at the Five Potots, will reside upon toecareful application of their donations, which may be sent to either of toe undersignedNo. 6 Wall-street, or No. cargo Edward G. Falle, No. 192 Chambers street, or West merchanU.John J. Crane, No. 80 Front-street, or Mott Haven. Thomas Rutoerford, Eastehester, Westchester Co.Is eiclusljely French andtic. lie praised Lons Napoliob for his wisdom and each engine,moderation, and showed how England, wbich by toe Is IB feel to diameter, wito 34 feet pitch.Europeto the which treaty of Vienna bad undertaken to recognize no sov- on toe Admirally trip was 14 knots.building,ereign as legitimate who belonged to the family ofof thehad stration a'. Cherbourg.collision or otoer accident, are of theBoBAPAXTi,been humiliated by the recent demon-The toree stotesmen leadlagNapoltob'sat the Lectur«-room of the Histories' giowto ana Independence. He [Mr. MrtcasL] had ferent squads are numbered for each boat, the largerscarcely mentioned Ireland. Tbe reason was that it companies, of course, being assigned toTOKICAL BOCIXTT.toe Society, Rev. J. P. Thoupboii, D. D., delivered bad scarcely appeared In the National Councils of bo:iis. The compssses, lifeboats, steering gear, <t^.,on the plated purchase by the Society, of Abbott's fine col- and tociied I's people revol>. [.\pplause.l .Vlat- atus!, by whiih all IheNo. 29 Cham-as it did whenpas.i!onite a haired as ever-[cheers]—but toev had hardly aAuitralaaian draws 22 feet. She is undoubtedlyoneand Capt. Merrltt jn« M» went aboard yesterday afternoon.Fereign Farta.A «prBWALi.-Arr. March 4. Am. bric 8. S.fsllei. on barren The cause of Ireland was ground.—to aFerreolrs,Ld was more toan ever— corruptoverhim.almostsevertoghimtotwo. Whenwas,sofar ; but toere were SOO.OOO tail men to Ireland, and hetoatas ofliclale and expectant barristers were concernedpassedto the observed afternoon,Snsi lytog onone(BT nn oisesaiua.lArrived from NefYtrk—Ttb. It. Boyalitoo,hour tri-color, they would not much care which, toey to tolsbelieved whether under the that,; Caxhaven.w-ould ask no better range.holidayCointey.of toeimfortunate attempt. The injured man livedMarchr,L ThetisJane Parker, Annie Hojg-Napoieonis-wlto condensers attoched.The screwHerfortoe while whale to the SL Lawrence RiverBLOOD PITRB.BE CAREFUt TO UIE WO w Wholesale and RaiaU'Mpti Ha.lUtles In tba riversemptyingspecial protectionment. In1707therewereaolassthanelgbteompa- uies established at difiisreat potots of the river for carrying on Ibis business, wbom tbe lahabtlaats aro- tected by their edicts and ofdtoanees. Tbe oil of toeK. toB.4.very cheap. Hibam ofthelargeGoldenEagle."Habout thenow in the world. At the same time he did not pre-tend to possess any exclusive sources of information.He felt it hardly necessary, either, to deny some of tog toe year I71IJ. ipbaisttlCcouimapralynyditsototkognishehda.ndred. 43N.e.wP-.Ytork willUtely charged bim with having irtiat he called hidden designs with lately gotog to France.BROOKX.TNPOLincAi.—The City Bepablicaa Conventionhalf tbeprlea.aadwere hidden from Mr. Sfoobxb. [Applause.] So It cannot, hoitever, be said that toey are less numer-Certainlyhisdesigns,wbeteverthey mighttiavebeen,large sboals,dispersedInto allpartsoftoe river.Mai. wiBSMfals HUtets ef bataaa ara aawfUBngA Blackpermanently Thelights." A case was by Supreme no conjuror or witoh. Re was a plain, straight- to Canadian waters. This fish was token delay. following nomtoatlons were madedecided the CourtIn 1841, reported In the lOth of Barbour, in which the forwaid veteran. He did not pretaad to readFor and Assessmente, Thomas W.set aside, and an owner of a English law was Cttytne to lot was, according to decision, permittedbuild was to entirely shut out the light from the sidesa he had told. The States of Connecti- yetCollector of TaxesNew-York, Maine;in tills rule of allowing onlyMaryland agreeBoiC'FASTSlike a roun4-shot.back. The Instinctivelystruck that old warriorlaidaiiiibed by conduits from Ward- Massachusetts tbe rule has not beenImmense profits. Mr. Tbto had for several years at toe call of toe Chairman. Beootino —eocBer groceries,dtoenasion, and having pipes leadingla the Common Couocu Chamber. In operation during the late twofully decided. In New-Jersev, South Carolina, Illinois and Kentucky, the English rule tias been affirmed. Tbe speaker favored the equity and soundness of the New- York ruling. In spite of the English decisions tothe confrary.OryiciBS or tbs Tcacbxbs' AssociationPABTXand he alsothoughtwhst mission Francetonets near the River After Sagoenay.ArrKAT. During an affray betweenThomas HiBnaicxsoB aad Jobs Wednes- Locrwoon,day night, at toe comer of Greene and Patchen ave- noes, the latter discharged a gtm at toe former, theaVerthandWwiwarMaa.........and other centres Lights. InAlabama andgreat washimciTT gggiCH. foay-Baputaia ad Ln. KerttH-AIbanv, Itsfcin aal 4Eucno.—At aof the City of New-York, heldning, Uth Inst., at the Hall of the Board of Educa-the old Army Officers, old Engineers, old Admiralshad declared that nothing could resist a French cold, and Its limpidity renders it invaluable for Frectoct Police, and yesterday was committed to signed tot It sbeoU ba aaukad army landing In England and marching on Lon- gieastog leatoer, and for lubricadog awslttoe result of toe tojuries sustatoed byHxB- Loals."toougbtknew that that revolution must end with a Boba- past acopted toe system of taking this fish;repeated experlmeats be discovered toe proper manner to clarify the oil, and to manu'aeiure leather out of ite skto. Ttiis oil is extremely pun and toodorous, and It is superior to any other for toe use of light-houses, ba- cause it does sot coagulate even totoemostlntansawould raise for another Bobapabtb to upalone sufficed to make and to It songht after,39..P.XP.JlKlto^ks« Pt^KRl:4 43..P.xP.'(check.)stock dealers essayed to allay the alarm, for andLondon,ofCanadaandNew-York,Ithasgatoed DiXDnTBICiLLS. vine,alarms did not pay to thefr business. Even to the testimofilals and medals which sufficiently attest tke restedLakeC1&.leaveat.,-Frenchtoquest was held,athe French Emperor was regarded not only as baring to avenge his Uncle's blood, but as being the predes-iMSMtler elsM ««' |ha lib. W ItMjaClFjmT alsaabnadtaMtV.:Librarian, William J. Ken- ttoedconquerorof England,and aa beingpreeom- Eucb as kid. harnessM.toUM.Mavaaaaatt af Oeeaa Staaaasb^^» '.ANo. us Brooklyn, [applause,] imagtoed tohaut.btehheahdearretadotfheitrsiddle.of the was worto only $40 ten years ago. Is now while on a visit with a friend to toe Cemetery of toemissloned to overturn her social and political sys-plush.:itempttog textures of Mr. CoBDBn, held them up tolopment, or a God- given civilization 7 reportsaccomplish;keyto Louis Na-givsatocreasingto its oil and to Ite skin. Ite weignt Is about 2,S00and thatBritish manufactured articles, and more es- whalekind. Therecanbenodoubtthatatanearly BciciDX.—EdwardLasghxix,fanner,atBath, Asia.JUr.Sl....I>ev-Taik.. Mar.XI... JsiHsui..., .,Kar.31....Kav-T<A....Mar. 1..., IT—barg.....Mar. t....MiisssoL. ...Mar. S....aahraF.Mar. •....Havre ..Mar.U...X-"tTanaaL. ..J(ai. n..making ofit ispermeate every where,Second-avenue, by Dr. IIircBcccK. Theprisoned in toe Penitentiary 40 days. In case toe DeSotonearlecturer commenced by stottog toe problem to be toKamak Norto Startoe only proper self-government is toe Anglican.of which are unsolicited. ItShipsElvira, Andrew,itmustbetemperatethen,and.\siahavenottoemeansof toeirwork manbCo.eppoattePotot, diitaace of to toewhom a of six farmers, at RiverOaimloenllgePolnt, w>3company Da>^ K..B.4.;diminished every year, and, whether fromand lose on tbe have to be played.talnedof tb«ira(«B*btHiai^. _profitableof tooie which liveteach the French Emperor, so he went over, as lady.it was said, to Paris, wlto thirteen tons and, givtog to man his proper freedom, discerns who are trytog to help toemselvea 1 The Children's Wyi..i6. Hoswellof luggage, consisttog of Sheffield cutlery Hsnchester eotton. net forgetting buttons andThe took the Emperorall toe worktogs of toe dlvtos hand.The law offirst great civilization is toe Dirtoe tui-;eightbut the nnnbarwta onthat a deeldtog game willlAorotm OLtra Baock.—tSiiiaawfa<ilaie<l by Paxna Shi«iiitt*aM;isome of toose hlddea canses which the ofdepths IlirTELI.IGENCB.ocean vel> from us, toey ceased to live together toous In the St. Lawivnce toan heretoforetrary, toe number Is much greater, and their speciesbelongs exclusively to that river. It is toe torgest toe bnstoess wasEmperora little of ihe later history of toe first great Napolxob. ence on moral stamtoa. Why do nations die? One Ws need, too, better batbtog arrangements, and more Preaby Taunton, masterlaw of civilizationIs,itsdepend- dripping clothes, on toe benches of toe School-room. umph, Surrey. Grenada, Middlston k Owill answer for alllieved that he was bom to carrv outtoto action, and ality, and immorality is suicide." Our motoer Eng- todastrious bur hard-pressed class of lads. Our Brown b De Rossetbear out tato its full development the great Idea ofnowrtokle onherbrowis the result of moral."^They died of immor- land has lasted fourteen hundred years, and there isItW. GMurray FhliilUliinHs, _Mo0nBnt., aeaiaitaaa^<>.»:D.C.;, number of visitors, too, ought to be tocreased, for B. Scranton L. A.on the con-Conrt-sfreeLthe Unitedformerlyto tocloaures made of Ught and flexible poles fixed in the beach. Stakes are now used to make the to-for Commissioner of Coudres. But, for some years past, anotoer method Repsfrs and Supplies, Jabss C. Dcbvba. A Com- has been adapted, and no dottot if it had been cm a mittee was appototed to noUfy toe caadidates of toeir more extended scale It would have yielded nomtoation, and the Convention adjourned, to meetArtBAcnoa—Kiox*! Brmiaa _and knewnothing about the oracles of the stars. And cloaures only at Pomt Oriells, St. Anne and lale-aux- JoBB WiLiiAiiB, Tento Wardvery into human deeply-Call at examtoe them.Most certainlyfall of our first parents into this sto which was toe ployment and homes to (aliout eight hundred) pooriejmning of barbarism. Tnen came the other form and vagrant childrenImagine that he held Mr. Cobdx!) up to toe light, and within us, which tocology calls sto, and it was the past year. Wito this small sum, toey have given em- sylooked through himul civilization, toe and around this allRedemptive, Ai'orsTiBi »ell says,"The historySandyHook. 3 26 6ov. lalaad. 4 U HeU Oita.... f 1I'Trefecond great law Is, toe genius of toe races.[ionably, that the totercourse lietween the ingly different races; the three great lobes of which have employed to the poor quarters of toe City,of England—most assuredly he had no desire The one great race is dhided, iilstotically, into strik- tog and Industrial School to Hamnersley-street, andto quarrel with toem. He wished, unques-two nations should be peaceful and profitable of which had Its work to do. The best races are theto toem both. In shori, he meant to do by the Eng- mixedlish peop'e as tbe first NAPouon meant to do. He toe aneware the Hamiiic, tbe Shemltic and toe Japhetic, each"Visitors," for befriending and finding out desUtote and homeless children, and for filUng up the todus- liial Schools.It is well known toat this Society depends almost cntoely upon individual contributions, a large portionandwhatnaturehasto domIn for The third great law is, the shaping pressure of out-tblsnot yet time toanotoer man—toat is of toe first Napolxoband tbe ideas of toe first Napolxob are Christian, Protestant stamtoa. And as Americans, tog of toe miierahls children of tos poor Wanls of Potter, Mobile, Oakley & Keatingrevealed, not only to his actions, butagents, to look after toe children already placed, and Indianola. C. M. Glanev ; H. K. Bell, Petttoi^ Pass, to place otoers m good homes. broke. Miller b Bonghtoo ,- PlymoBto Book, Nerris.Surely, there are thousands of warm-hearted men Boston, Dayton k Spragne. and women in this City, and every part of toe coun-try, who would gladly double or treble toe amotmt of;uponSanJWareltoatEet,TAAidd~a.jaaatf age. Ha was sentenced eighteen months Andrews attended the injured man, and he was after- nificent, toe most prosperous and toe most beneficent The Cunard steamer Ausfro/asian, probably the this work for outeast children, by toefr contributions. Steamship North Star. Jenes, AspinwaU Mb Inst...a A of the sent will be;An Appeal to ihe Cbaiitable.TRX IKDCSTRIAL FABK SCHOOL, KAST CHXSTIB,cargo of valuable merchandise. She was built in 1857,children and placing toem to country homes. Bteaaiibip Austin, (ae«,).tralia, carrytog unfortunatelyHavtog.-or Secretary, SteamerFengnto,WUllaass,PrertdsaoawWbuMa.taMessrs. J. A G. for toe Aus- Tbobbob,toe mail down the Red Sea.No.111Broadway;or to the Treasurer, J. E. Wil-of 90 inches diameter, and 3)4Tbomsox's patent expansiontubular boilers, brass tubes,boiler for ship's use. There are two airjpumps to year, of Westchester County.approvediall of iron wire, and she is htisd with CrHBisonAii's topsail-reefing appar- to sails can be reefed from iheL. M. BronxvUle Post-office, West- Pease,count as muchWilliam SmI'h Brown, Treasurer, ters were different now. The peas'inlry were deck, the sail b<ln.< rolled up as the yard is lowered bers-street, or West Farms.say, they*\*SS'*9Em to jump on board a freight train on toe attemptingandbeds, four, ttimbledand dS';AdTbewaspickedupIt wassupposedthat he was dead, earlyof the beds and hisbesuie him. ,.,,, »tLis-atbis Dassagefhome by ed thisbut a short time.TBI GBAVX-yARDCity, has agato sued EawAxn Hon,Gov. Hoore, of Alabjuna, has sent to the lower Ir., undertaker, to recover damages, as Is aUegad, iar crossed the rt»« Tbe other rictim was one HsaarHoos^ a protest m^ssge, tovelghtog against toe pro- lelling him a whltewood cofSn, for a mahogany one, Mrais, a yaaag carpenter, who wasaadKajaGreatafter which toe audieseeleft toe Spxcdlaho*.—CBBBIiaS house. Tbe siaaa aaticed a blotch of blood onto (he factcheertogfollowed toe dispersed.Untitled DocumentTbepvticsarc tojopilxfua as Hcaday naxt, and tot tha ptdlna.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069regular trains.prompt-eiadlealar ofdiaatlla.tobeiUpped by way of Fblladeli>bla tetoe West oot of ardar, dMsa b aaOJkc tbatjrfn aa^^WBiTxS K-»R-Tba Usbtalas Cbeaa Hueh. BOSTOH AID nW-TOBX.movesto II o'clock lastauex fasaNii). 37.R.za.38..K. toB. S.39. to 4. P. Q.«..p.toQ.s. «-i'.to<j.B.3.BOARD BO. 2.41..K. toK.S.Invlganta42..Kt.toQ.4.(nw-TOBx).was held last at eveningNo.9delegate elected to toe Convention was andto hisous wound. LocnrooB was arrested by the Sixth—Ellkr Tixmor was ar Wednesday night to toe Fifto Precinct, for to-tog number of houseless boys at toe Lodgmg-house,Schooners Surprise. Cole, Savannah. dear- Stnrges.house has only room for seventy beds, aad some-Rtaodss, SaUne VSLO. t. Bisak- Naw-Ortssas N.;Slsght times, to a stormy lugbt, fifteen or twenty street boys wayPiatt,-,:it Is for ourselves to say what shall be our tongevity. the City. We wish to employ, also, more Western son. FJbmouib.J. BantooftCo.; F. H. Abbott, aiTbe Steamship Anstralaiian.TEX AKBITAL AT THIS POBT— DXSCMPTIOH OF IHI TX8BCL.must remember toat his donattonABU8TS BT TBS HABBOB rOLICI. to tliat was the oligarchical power of England. largest directly to toe charitable purposes of toe Society. ^nation to toe woild;next,toat toegreatestobstaclescrew-steamerafloat,unlesstoeCr«stBattemEachgivergoeslen. Experienoedheavywudsaadbaadasaatbaaa-Brooklyn,Mrs.lady, <^p(.. ,.A.J..BbenardAid Society, as is well known, are seektog by many nolds, wifti and daughtertills to toea schism whole expenses amountingway,l toeirmosteconomical- only to $12,210 for the;Bien WATxa—ma bat.orgtH-grmdert with its 120 scholars ; toe Boys' Meet-:Wwceateisblrs^< (...froaThe Trustees have never before asked thepublicfor Del. Is intended to ran be»sen tbls port aad Mev4r>lost toe mail contract, tlirough In- liams, Metropolitan BankBbaie, No. 11 Clinton-Hall, Aster-place, New-Yorkand carrying wttta was origtoaily constructed went toto liquida-Schr. W. A. >"lcholB, Charleston ids., wlU cot- Bills,tcmpta- Schr. Jacob Birdsall, Starges, Virginia 1 da., with If war should come, it would of coal. Her cabtoi and saloons are fitted up to toe partially, if not wholly, self sustaining, while being *E^;tar. Horace E. Btll, Shnte, Camden, with irw t>rneither England nor the Emperor wanted a first-class passengers, and cargo and store space forwar. The pretended panic in England about bunkers for tons porarya French invasion was meant to provoke anhome removed from tlieir haunts and l,OMtons, besides room to her 1,100 totions, and to demonsfrate that they can be mademost elegant and substantial manner, with parUcolar preparedfrom San Francisco, by the Overland JoBR HiNBT Bmith, a child 3 years of age, died would declare It. England could never suffer reference to venUlaUon. as toe vessel was intended satnrductoiouns,e toe dabeisligtniesd which God has labor, Slchoro.p SEh.elden, Cox,tiiVbilrisg,lEnltlozSadbse.t.oport, with seal te•••-Tfork bat Mr. Piatt seventy days.The of keel and fore-rakeleft New- Talk hi the steamer of the 20th December, and whilelato Canfnm traveled over 1,000 mUes. Thlsiscer-«J^*r*atiiaia,batgotwithoutaparallel. Mr.B" '*?>*'*'» *'**y> !•" ''•'• 0" ''^ Novemberthence*'an Inquest upon the body at No. 1^5 Cedar-street, to tbe Count MoWTnoLXT these words, My son will Bards rooms.come as to toeing into a tub of hot water. Coroner ScHiaHxa held a few days before the first Emperor died, be dictated which number IlS,of toe Firstyesterday In consequenceof Injuries received by fall- France to obtato toe supremacy by land and sea. But for navigation to toe tropics. For officers and acsrerwe,- to earn an honest support, -^s the wgainvtesn otfhetmo,e Frovidence.Sprague,where the accident occurred.Fire.come sgain, after certato civil disorders;toe from M WIND—During dayBelaw.—In a ROABDiMG-nouSE. A bed in one oi the longTheer's measurement. engtoesdays;toe entfremsnsgement and the vtoes Dntll tbe land Is In good condition,toS.K..leugtothere is Ausiralaaianis'JtOftel,betog331feetoverallbreadto nished,but one to be feared, that of the Duke of Or- A2 fret 1 Inch, depth to spar deck 31 feet 6 tocaes. upon their time, toey have transferredparty or tons of build- leans, which has been germinattog for a Tonnage—gross register 1,760, 2,010of toelr farm to our care.WXETCHX8TIBCOttXTT,V.T.Bev. L. M.jouenoughfromUth Inst., off Bamegac, bypUoi boat E. Bloat.aRoBiBT Fiksiall, at No. 76 Green-street, and door of toe room were spattered with;to the C. L.blood,and fell beneath toe car, which deranged, all betog more or less qwtted with klood. bee.Guantanwnj: schr. Jas. Grioo, 1he revived sufficiently ts slve his name, and to state toat he resided at No.Sometime later astandingwhom shehe osily laoghed, sad potttog on his coat,:;Isaac OdeU.Steamer Fctomska, Kye. Haw-Padbud, wMfc mtg^ WJos. Allen.Bark IvamceUae, (of Bestan.) Bartlett. Baatai 4 ia.,lnballatt,toJ. W.Kllwell bCe. Caae tsffiipMtta load lor iustralia.Bark Undmaa,MarfsmssM mose toEoF.uaOo,n(sBlnse.r,y) ft Co. Hsd verr bsavy vea Bark Allianoe, (Rosa.,) Berth, Bordeaaz Sat.,brandy to C. Meletta. _ _Schr. MlllarO FiUnore. (of Broekhaven.)«< Saltday,at8A.H. LetSsnabaaM beiCkUoAnJ,a HAA.* RAteCiUmleArOsBKJSa.*t«e^ {«S7tieCw<Ta*r•t^IIIIIfsi Tl rmllMdMar.».—a, aadeaa ba ^W. Collver, Bayner, Philadelphia, J. IT. J. B. Allen, Allen, Petertbonh. Van Brant ItMedadQrandllla, Barker, H, Bilgbaa ;' o':£E. B. Bennett, IrvUcWWi'V;aab. w. Edwards, Smito. Wilmingtaa, :hneCrt, A. Jennmtrs, Lake, PIvBontb. A. E., SavaaIleans.Steamship Torktoim. Parrlsh. Korfblk. be, wMtmds*. and passvusers to Ludlam & Hslnesea.SteaiLer Dsrlisht. Sprinxer,Nev-Bedfi9rd.atlkMMllkand Co Barstow b Pope. paaseDgerst(iltIMatTJ 'e««°*"HS«' '.''1 www.fultonhistory.com 