 TOL. X.—NO. 2889.Wfit Ifeto'lotk olme^.NEW-YORK, MONDAY, DECEMBER 24, I860. PRICE TWO CENTS.THE NATIONALCRISIS.week creates coiitiderable talk. by appointment,Maine, Massachusetts, New-Yori, Ohio, New-Jersey, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin are said to have beenand all agreed that In their forthsoailngthey would take posiUve RepuhUoaa CubUiet<» that precise issue. Gen. Cass urged vegrounds, and support the Federal Govemmeat aad Pieslaent has >esiste<l, and allowed a CatHneio(B:erto «lihdraw, rather than toNow, liU natural alter Foch an act that the Presi-the 4th oltion of the President.interesting from the Federal CapitaLrepresented,Messages iH-mently that lue lorts saould be relnforcsu. TUe paragraph:^tHa Basis afSettleflMiBt.Address firom Senator Toombs to the People of Georgria. !vaolUatiog,moral seniimento. Ifwait, areapeaBoth II not Iktcase against Gov. Dunnsos, for a natidamus to com- ministration willreaaon to that the Ad- We can say with coafldeaea that there is not the exprctli kifim SeecuitB by the Fonrtk lareb.of men Incowardiceandweakness,insteadofretiringpeacea- versaryoftheI.andlag Pilgrims,:ofthecharacterofa-peYWetmaa,atrueChristian,an' FirstVice-President—UeiajA.UurlbuLaaeepM aaaiaf God.The Mrmon the doc- eTeDlng*a conveyed earnestlytdaa af arm-atortloa. er rather the poadHUty ef nni- ftjnX (alvalhm. provided each and every man wouldUTSBI OF feBN. eSSBDIG TO WlSHniGTON. KLLIGERENT RUMORS FROM CHARLESTON.positionbefore we are first assailed.wuden. Simeon Draper, John W, Quincy, Saiaaei h. M Barlow, Joseph H. Choate.ProoecdinesSUt« Convezitlon.OUR WASHINGTON DISPATCHES.you the least su»pi-ion that tnesc men will turn their guns and fire upon tbe people ?We are told tuat these norks are strongly fortified and entreucheo. Iflwasinthe same position as the officer of that fort, I would do as he has done. He ia there with lew iroop.s, and is obliged to make tnesa preparations for his own defence. His preoaratiiinsfore the and knivesTbe tables werepled by the President and guests wa* particularly so. Grace was said by Rev. Mr. Frotiiingiiam, and after the cloth had been removed the regular toaats wereWAmiKTOS, Sunday, Imc. 23. Tke^Senate Committee of Tbiiteen will report tpmoiTow, when Senator Tooius wUl speak is de- Tlatlon of the ResHibUcan Paily, uid will repudi- Mr. Toombsren-the Union can restore peace. The exfremes on the are for the protection of the lives of that handful of nothing referring particularly or inunedialely to the dered by Mrs. Elliot with great effect, and sustained announced as follows;Repoblicaainand fully justifies them not remaining in the Union;sin^eParty of the Committee, wereof the earththe threats of ;theall treated with derision or contempt. A vote was thea taken in the C^nmittee on amendments to the CoBsUtution, prooosed by Hun. J. J. Carmxsui, and ach aad all of them were voted against unanimous- ly by the Black Republican members of the Commii- tae. In addition to these iacts, a majority of theshakingbythe coast is uut sunken;*' Forwellshe herancient keepsmembers of the Coounittee declaredmake ^ome diliereuce, and finding s j diUp really to ex-TheBlackKepublicanmembenoftlds Committee af Thirteen are reprei^ntative men of the party and aeetioB,andtotheextentofmyinformattoD,trulyre pnsenttfatm.Ac. REPORTSFROMseasonthe periodicalwhichTke Committee of thirty-three on Friday adjoomed tot a week without coming to any vote, after solemaiy pMclu tbemtelTea to vote on all the propositions ben oefore them on that day. It is controlled by the lacklo amuse you with deluslTe hope until your election, that yoo mav defeat the Meads of secession. If youMessrs. Crittenden, Vallandigham, Pendleton, Mal- lory, Woodson, and Segur made speeches, sustaining the views of Mr. Piou, whose Senatorial speech is much commended.At tlie secession cdcbration at Camden yester-day, a cannon burtt, severely injuring several per- sons.A special dispatch from Washington says that Klaj. AnnxasoN has been ordered to surrender lire foris tofrom the world.steady by tbe pole;th A Free Press—Like themorning sun.It fills theRapoblicaoa,your enemies, wlio only seekthemsrlves and the world.II man i»ere to assume a literal* meaning to anyan aeceired l>y them. It shall not be mythis command, and were t4> carry it.rlgidly intuooedi-changed-principles;Republican principles.All four voted steadily against all of CaimiiDE^'sadopted; allegianceHilh the south in resist'iii^ Northern domin:itioa.It is true that good men e^ase lowhen do the coni- only they tilingsposiiion."'—compromise propositions such as the reestablish-itself to theGen. Ct3HiN<j went to Sou'.h Carolina at the requestof the Supreiiie Court, lo consult with the leaders tlcns of the Pretident's Message as refers to the touching seco'-siv^ji. He reports ttiat State as acting property of the Vnito-l States in the limits of South vhh a view to couperatiun from all the Slave States, Carolina, said thai ae prtftrred making his report in The report that Gov. Picks^o bad threatened an at- secret session.dew s. tliey give rains; if it demands rills, tjiey roll riv- power that delivered him to the stakeand;I have authority for saying that there is but one animatcil discus-ion took place uu Ihr report.Justice LEe.EAND presided, and J.NO, U. L. McMalan which Goil ordained, ju. I. as really as do the tea coai- And now, while all is ia commotion, while the Hon. Jobs Misoa Boi-rs, of Virginia, in response, butRevenue vessel on the - coast, and that ha.i been or- dered to Baltimore for repairs.amongrial— manufacturing, or the impress of the htinaanUioae gentlemen proposed three hearty times three were given.Ihe rest of the delej^ation wiU formaJy retire to-mor- row, as stated.The CoBimissioorr'i from South Carolina are ex-pected on Wednc^a), when President Bcchat^an willexpenses.The Con^er.tiou has :idjov.rneTt.eand benevoleiict; which are its «a/Hre, by practicingwlii-b bft,e been Ihrust in of Uiini^s upon equitieseomnierce by human passions,4, T^t I'hn^/un htau and must conform to the worldinst , I entertained strong hopes that it would be la At the Church of the Messiah, yesterday morn- my power to attend. Yesterday I received anotheraend a special niessao-e to Congress conimunlcatiog 1Ibe facts.It is now generally understood tiiat the Coiumls-siooers from South Carolina will not be admitted to tbe floor of the House or the Senate, nor recognU'id by either branch.The dispatch ia Friday's Tims stJU exclte-i the pubhc Every one mlmits its probabiii'Lj aad pliusi- Wlity, but they are afraid to adoiit the firts, as suchare all of this wirM, in state, Awis red andTbe PresiJei;t's organ, the Cmitt'iUiUoK, does not deny it The Star, Dom- •eratitf, ridicule it, but docs not deny it. Tt.0Be who ought to know, quibble Ijy stating that In caaejthe au- thortties of tlift Sovereign Sate of South Carolina de-treachery Eocms Incredible.ruus—Ci:es, lo danee, t'l do a tho'isaiid .itid one "Ui« formertahhog as a precedent tlie rai,c ofmation uiJon all tliat coii'^errs ibi' interests ando-,res;i.ptders are such as wii;prevent LlocKi.^hea, and s.iveand tntcrprislng towards Hell,Tbe second division of the discourse treite-i of th?belonging to the Stole, it then be-MycoUC-'rue^ ,:vAuiysf^ll"^^anld"un- the most perfectam struck world—suchasthecomprehensivenessofhi-ainin, twiaosnIhejoulrdiqsudeicstion,howfarpowershallbecentra!- r,riuwo^erfilpe'rfecion,andwithU.esuperior•«. Alabama, (Supreme Courtle not parallel. Another eiplanaUon is, ih»t the or- formation which wcehi-j .el.vt asMajor Axnusox from dishonor in^i ttie ; ;moi!ici-.minds ut the uotIkeremiilritlitathat>./irl're.u<-f,.tcfIheCiitedPresidenthaspositiveasaurancL--:thatnoBURGH,VA.PETEBSBrBO, SuT.day, Dec. 23.displayed in its foraa-\:and said untoface ol the cern the siijus of the Umes?"! the naUou, bu:]ill be fair morning,Governors elect of Free States met in New-York last Fedeial Government, or until ikase /,yrts were of fasting aad prayer for the Union, tq be abaerved on same duties which other men attempt to perform br NEW-ENGLAND SOCIETYAWaVEESAaY.Liscom's-Wministrailon. (Thisstory1»aUtrash.-seen, the subject of^ several ta the atti^MSPEECH OF SEBATOB SEWiBB.Bamarfct from Hen. Haanflwl HamliB, Wa. M, ErarU, Esq., lai Otben.LETTER FROM EOIT. JOHIT M. BOTT8.11{ Ii1I 1 Ithe .-^uulhern A hundred.sirii.il preio^ali.t- w hii'li a-ty man may harmlessly en-Crc-wsu. and >a- tiv .eavhig Oie sii.pSouth CarolinaTh-il as I'.dtlitul sons of the Soutli and oflosopliermust believe that God, not thelo Mc-iire/ir, governs the world. No dominion ever sochanged.Mr. DrSACB^rsE,mil.d,Thi taw is the lowest alwaysformofgood^,i>P-;aimounced,he made, and has warned the not lo no.v for 1 garrison pruvi.Ki: m imr harbor. I would say !raaj.iy.Congressluspiie activity, degrees of exe-;llence matter to decide, and we hare plenty of tlmetor;o- .",AanxasoH is to surrender without a uy. ; is stri-'t't'lc,but Palieetlo flag, w-as hoisted uii tlie most prominent There are thegiven same naturalw iih hcc that f an-i deprived of discretionary p<''Aer5, Ls not deiuci yet, -.,.-i,...-. frH'>i;noq<; I will suiteThere are the saaie faculties andaad cannot be succeBsfuUy.Gen. SflOTi savs that Fort Moultrie Is not theof the same way usingUensof the ome laws.instrumcn*.*of advaatages and bless-"troaj- «st fortification, but Fort Si;aiter !, and that taro knadred men can hold it against all South Caruliua,AChiistianmustconclllaloryThe lastIt^h.aad six hundred men can defy the world.C. L. ScoM, Member of Con^rens frcni California, publishes a letter In the Constuui^n advocating a separate government, secessloc ana neutrality for histhe UKStaii; ti.e»c sh.ll t...^e care 11, ..be se'e^nf^colleague, andDimn. of Indiana, is sot foTgiiJigup Repiit.ktn 7ll»«(m,- iir lif C-i ,.."(.«!."take failed In the HouseSlate. BtsCH, his disagree w:th Scott.MonitorLithammanned." WeThe effort toupof Commons.2. Theemphasis put upon(hatareright. Forvicemeansnothingbutexaggera-"«"'-."'.,?'*';,,principles, but is for conciliatory action.Dec. 22. Gov. Bajikb has issued a proclamation for a dayon Eighth P-igt.]Athat Dothiuir would be done afteruia' untM Hitl* vheBoeroi), Saturday,report wbicb reachedhere lastnightthat sevenwehad had aformalaijusuneaithe wend by bringing a hifher clan of moUrtoThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'.o theprosperityto be*^estioned. Aoplying ciii^-.cnsbip, ihe.preacherr„','. '...^hedonet..^ou ta'^e1=JSSth'lor tbeof -ulf as hiform'ng mydo n-j'.thegeneral pibU:.playr a Christian,to or not deba-jibelet.weai^ldof they ;and Gov. Danxisoa. of Ohio, arrivedthat whleta be so strongly and prooaptlv refuwd to a personal blead in the Cturtnet. I cannot believe It.Tbelifebigheatiron arethoee ^itm. moltwiakite( TkeyFaflare tftbe 8ciute CMBBittee to Agree Massachusetts,last Bight. Both have cases In thai ^Supreme Court. I cannot tnlnk be woul.i be so soStatesIhe Senate's Select Committee came to no con-clusion yesterday on any points beforeihe atteraace of a enltar tln|;le pefurther time formost hopef^ now despond, seeing no immediateout fromreinforced themapprehension that these sixty -five men will injure theattire hone^ and with vigor to thatead.publicansaskingpfayslcal;jettneto do so. Have wedining togeOherMr. Ciiittkidsii, in a conversation with agance and ended In a pig-sty,*' a sensation laost re- markable and noteworthy passed through tbe wholeof the vast assembly.1 We have prepared a synopsis of the sermon, which will wcU repay attentive ]>eiusal. although there Isfoi^s were In motiob.culties.friend, said that was the darkest day of his lifehe was overwhelmed with solicitude for his country, and that nothing but the affection of the people forrEBMAKEMCE OT THI DIVINE.The services at the Tabernacle on Bon- openingtastefullydecorated—the<me o«n-form^ has comlrmed the wavering Republicans to thatthiM CTening tka following addieu to the policy, and increased the intensity of Ssutbem tion. 1 say so mu'^httie belter" And be not conformed to this but be world,ate any futtier effort at mcnnriliation. t^ignfbaborers as arenecessary,andput —It in a condi- go/tye trans-ye may the Hebrews, 28th versetoyeaple of Georgia":havegreat trust which we hold for succeeding ages. The love of it is still upper- most in the hearts of the t people. This love of uie whole people for tbe whole country will overwhelm all e iscontents and disaffecUons of ail parts an<l of all and declare, with a voice which all mustpartios,"6, The schools and the churches of New-England,feeUng.Representative Scoit has written a letter totallyronlrylit ina single nignt.THE SOUTH C.VROLINA I.KGISLATURE.is *' that good, aad acceptable, and perfect;Kf.'Ol'id,the Siu'e. with whose destiny vv-„'shHll ever pray for the puidance ;md biessio'^ oi theThe mem't'crs of U;,; attend church to-rnrrrow.Coukt-utiou wUl all;atll Monday,J^'o.Hi.is.s|)e?ches/from tbe Coniniitlee tocaurcinustg-jagecapa-Mr. Riir.TT's address to the people of tae Southern States has not yet been acted on.wasSouthern grounds,Mr, Hun. a promincit merchant, offereil resolu-inandmeiits. Agriculture, or the produciiig of mate- whirlwind of revolution is sweeping over India andwere notMr. Stxtsox thenTHE FORTS AND THE PRESIDENT.[We haye already given a full outline of tue pro-tion from -Jie following textand itstation, urging acceptance,Jiat we might com-Uieol the Sojtii Carolina Convention on Wed- uesriay-the day previous to the adoption of the ordinance of secession. The folio vlng is a full report of tbe remarks made by Mr. Mass concerning theoue'and Uie higher st.itc, anri yet th-'y are of Gr*l. Christian is lo be a gooil ctiiid, a fond parent, a kind aeiijl.b.'r, .mrt n n;ibliesiiirited citi/en— and he notIs It will be foul weather to-eeedinysand m thewhich coinpi'ls me to I feel thatsentatious maae to the President in regard to the forts ]Mr. Mil £.1- 1 do not supporc th-it there wouH be any ulecuioior. on iho vaiioasdciicH.e nutters ejoilttg t>eIore this Convention, before the lisini; of the dm-operationfro.;uent-The reverend gentleman oommencea his dis-oursereprtail harmhssiiiflcoiilrioiitc his snarehave been honored:butnecessitybaawitl: :U1 deference,mitteesmen wh») have spoken, Itbercfcfc,.s-were fired here on RRlunlay in honor of S„uth Caroll'aa, but Uie parties firing proja-Uie history of revolutions, aud called weak men like;p'irn<>soblyrejr.cstiilIsand ttoli'lhe"it)ofall ai-<iuTesceendured, IB behalf of Uie great blessings freedom of conscience and freeitoni o* speechanls, wour FatA/trj. aided byof South Carolina.si.l 1>SU>N I.N IF.NNESSEE, MEJiir.iis, Saturday, Dec 22.thi.'. head Mr. lir.EeuEa proceeded at gicatthis ciri^Wr-^r declaredof Uieir des-'cnu- Uie no Icsi gi.laJt amithem, consideration. TheSecretarymember of sympathizes with the South, and cordially indorses feeding transporting troopstheir ness is to be greater than that of common men are to be spectacles, examples, beaconfatilt. I haveThe report prevails that the Administration has re-ucder Mr. LiTicoia.He wants California to set up forthe mountains stand tide ebbs and flows.the One star has vanished from ourAnd s ill mHintatns wlchAnd dealer light, the good old caose.;Nur heeds ihe>^'hile near her school tbe cburch-^idre stands Nor fears tbe blinded bigot's rule,While near Ihe church-spire stands tbe schrwl."7. Thecourageandtheconstancyofourforefathersherself as aSenator Pdgb was serenaded last night. Whilethanking Lis friends for the honor conferred, he saidcase of war or apprehended invasion. the special order for to-day.mighty Republic.is above us, brightmake dissolution inevitable, and the reconstruction oftranractlons,meteors,a home on every continent, and on aU tne islands ofthe Unionpeace could be produced.It wasbyconcessionthatCH.VRLE^TON. CuARLisro.f, Saturday, Dez.'i2.1. Theconform to the world.theyoriginal stock,impossible.In which Ctiristiana2. The respects in which ChrisUans must differveryjnoa now. I tell you upon the faith of a true man, ceived a dispatch from Charleston, to tbe effect that the constituted authorities of South Carolina, In case literal non-conformityand with tbe which we of this world, and shall administer until those prin- port of good government, when tbelr principles of ju-{atthetestfairlyandfrankly. It isdecisiveagainstto tlic world mmost in with each harmonyother,sup-for where and wlwreIkat all tiirther looking to the Norta for security for mar Constitutional rights in the Union ought to be uutaatly abandoned. It is fraught with nothing butan armed revenue cutter had arrived in that neigh- borhood, and that unless the order was Immediatelythe lorts are attacked, bat not to surrender to irre-sponsible parties.of the law and the freedom of ner citizens theie Is no justice, there can be no Uberty there is no liberiy, there can be no jusUce.Secession by^m 9d day of January next. Such a voice will be yaarbastguarantee for liberty, security,trasguilityR. TOOMBS. Mr. CanrxuDxir says that yesterday was the darkest 4ara<hislU*. The Senate Committee of Thirteen fstead a veto onopening address,particularly happyin hi* allu-aadjlory.d Mr. Tmrnusame in all men, without regard to mural cbaracter. Tbe culprit that receives tbe sontenoe, aud the just iad(,e Ikat awards It, alike eat, aiiak and sleep. 'The Dlaspheiaer u>il tbe bumble pasUtaat are not dlSer- ent bom each olbar in aarra, tela, load «r ditak.oattMassfceabaaaolawa2. Men ntust to ikis ttortd m a obe- cts^orm properare not a failure ; and through all the forms of humaa society, and all the changes of human Government, these foundation priikciplcs of God's government re- taaia uunov^ed. That «reat scholar azal Christianthe tunds were unimpaired and tbe Asso- ciation generally prosperous. In relation to tbe mb- aoriptloa wUch had been promised to raise a moan-ciUatlon, and Mr. Tosmss announced that all efliorts at aettlement were dosed, and be should so inform his cgostltuents.Tclently important wr snltatlnnloiinodlBtw Got^Sex c«>a-iii i nmtlMj|Committee hiid quite a lively time. It wasS. C, The Coiivention met at ntionDec. -^2.while ihey feel that Uie preat work of the CIiri'*tian are and if unjast, wiui a patient kind. Tbe truly philosophical historian ,7ji;.vr believe hundred and forty years alnee the first footstep wa* good, ii they just ;posterity.aao was al>senL \V^i>e took strung Republican it is made, it will provide as followsexists for a separation from tlu; Federal I'rdou. yet. liun liom because a mauls duty,also Coll^^msk and nue laws of the Vniicd States be DooLrrrLK. Gbimes was albo firm against conceliug Collector of the Fort take the oath ofdis- ded, he concluded by expressing the hope that thegTOUnd> and was very positivethatpresent ;ind the IhrCAtened wrongs of the future, we Lot a whit Uie less. to feel Dound, by Imnor at;d dnty, to move in harmony nceo laws.Lut tliatisIS',":tci.esletter fromourMr. SiirsoH, renewing the invi-to the geutle- may say Uia', this discussionlli'giiesscomrntnlcd upon. Marylar.deoi^ to be ca'ching phasuie, amvi-.enieut, leiaxatiun, privUege or per- ings and characters. He illustrated the e-j.^jeo:am in no mood, and any sort.«have no heart for festivities of .Uslon has progiessed thus far, to say a few words, I am, as mtm:>crs arc perhaps a**are, very ro-tkath^ ma-.rn"t/"i/^, l^ riKlil lor bitn",ilegi'p, bee.auM; he ia Goil's and tlie Earth is the J.vril'', and thi fuUuess thfreof! If it is right for anyjAJias SxcAET, and strongmen liketiui'.e prematuie. I desi-e. i;o.vevcr, as the dise-u>*- alreadyjoy,>:n;oy.rightany-Ydmeet to celebrate the laniing of the Pilgrim offioiu Wdshinglon. I«ent there tslth my col-uponthe in-yZ^>^!^.rt- mthe the sufferings and sacrifice* hardship*,cenllyleagues thoroughlyandascart^lallvasiiusslijle.ofaKmatters which! eon'-iderec as bearing upon the welfare andone It) t;iiiiRsi;oneeinin^wl.ielithereismuch'i:scuss:on,itisthe toils,aand the forts aseomesaquenlonolresortwtheCourts,notarms,— otherSouThernStates,thsit'venvlgbtnavefullinfor- Tillrewar,anoniliusiasticmeetinghereiitst usedintheri>;htK,.irit,eons; Jered It desirable that »e should confer wiiJ. the ruuiabers; from taelejjglli to arau-^ the of aoeumulating poAer, propriely1 mestic afls:.-.- of the S.'Ul!:. V> e MMlt there n-it a."the United SUtesKepora, 1830-31) which sy.Ies, but a^ vigilant sentinels,Carolina. Fif and the Avalunrhci;o".ild eoueei". eof as v.iluable for our people. Tne remark:, of my honored friend>|sion on Ihepeopleof than of abstract principles.him>-''.it -.!;», ;>i;,- rtji prcperalioas aad rumors,f among ' '«.-OM, ..,,„.,,hisof the great exclte-""I^ ;',"" C'Ral*iou, Saturday, Dec. 2 until Jan, 7. the bill for arming the S:ateFAST DAY IN MASSACHUSETTS.unityT'°'.?r''-,nible *'•'tr :, iius, iiii.ria^df'-^ii^d t'> siie.iking-x*.rt'-UKSt^tone and discrimL-iation.insisted upon Uie Importance,^,attempt i.) n-n' a s ,uv. y --,;a tothoseconne^ia^o-n-'^;thatCommittee are equally unyielding to concession.The reported recent declaration of the Presidentelect that he will strictly adhere to the Chicago Plat- the better. Let the General Goverumciit spend aspresent state of the political world. THE SERMONin tbe chorus by tbe cholt.Rev. Dr. TBOareoa read for the lesson of the even-"gaveThe_y littlp thuu;iht bow clear a light.,-.nit to ali in- teen were pro.-ure snnsthat'snewspi.per ..„ in„^°'i?' K*"'- «"'•"?"*•, '>,"^" *'"so Uea'ted in Uie proper quarter. The Doctor regarded the measure most exciting in the ueR Prer-Uleut's platform as relating more to a ques- Itoff. ii i« „.... -,ii,.3,,i conviction, if you vails, and a collision is feared.pro-for ourselves and the naurja-• .',„..>inteii.t., „.,,,,. ^tie, our people-andmorewere, and that have oassed sway to_•'•''" i.iat.er OL ^eu..;, -yj.^^^^,'J- oey.fMrt.'K.-rtu fCOflf nf S<t.<:h t iUidtnr IfChristian must hiscviumu^n,li'i. i; Jons or iio .i/.-vr^oj:,- tu ti.o'fit iiKourfree nations and—brig nomas £.t/tilt.•i 'epassions,even indirectiocspage ofprogressive'-"•»-• "•'>r---;«causethat -rtoied b'- sui-rom ,fTw^o,u^l^d°vb^' .1 ",""'cldal folly i.iiilkiu u' c- 'i i' oiii'-i-B t*rentprobably >« rent astin-leICiriitifiiudI i..rt -u'lbe er, aviation louc'' ttlfiSf ftruir lo tltrfrom itfWe We".- p.'rr,,r'l suie of tliat We aiso hoped an.i l..'i;.n«dor3. The Christian must mark his nonconformity to Venexuela,SUtes Min'.eter to arrived at-lhls port yertordey on board Ih*j;,.,forts,and lake all the busi.iess of life in prospective. [A ibe anniversarv, as a moUve forand thai in the of Fbajiexihn ^t V,,;.,,., r-.cli then—r-it—the view which Mr Hen u£E here held up showing mayforts ^'' '''"'' '-' ••hem to do it,andof true honor or jusUce-nothhiBto•.'iitiv.unari t*c jxafc.Tnit was the substanceol GUI by communication. And Ilower ones. The machinery of life may be operated by passions by middle clase powers or br moial seo- tlmcst.It may be said that all men are persevering to thetoumriituat 1 1. ,c ,a net an inmtion lo rtm/orce titjbrls. What dj weJanuary,Inconformity with the proclama-now see at ?say a.{airi,We see the Premier-theMeetingand Dinner at tbe Astor BoTise.ilglit hand mWanshoifntghteonAdmlnisfration, a near an!deirTHE POSITION OF GEN. SCOTT.Tke Sational Inielligenctr pobUsbes tke followingsanne end, via.: tluir own and kappituss.pergonal ineid of tbe Presi lent— Irom the letlrtogdewloprntiUyieldtotheproposition.Eb. Twis,] Mr. AnDxrw, the Goveraor elect of dent should vacillate and cunceoe to other tuAuences roi«f i> n in tbe ArmyTheaext mixed tnwhletaIn higher by motives,weal^are violtod by a large number of friends. The so uncertain. I, therefore, feel, as I said, mat there hented mobs or onautharizad tqvada of volnotoars. more thaa othma. pMiemnolv|ey Inpel him to comply with the requisition from Gtv. HcGorria, of Kentucky, was pos^nned from Friday last to Jan. 2. Gov. Dnsuox is preparing for argu- ment.It without our getting ample and timely uottce, and anilctpale Uie arrival of ine troops.Now look at It as practical cohimon sense men. DoaLyof>oudesireaay more? Doesanyhooora-THE Fi;i.PIT AND THE CRISIS.T^eannualmeetingof tbeNew-EngjandSo-gentleman oh this floor wish to provoke a colllBioa There seems to be a question of doubt about com- with tbe Genera] Government, and to precipitate thatMa WUtatii Umtther be of the unamattt ahaep ing, for the purpose of electiag officers for ttaeeMaiagto the State-sfreet party postponed.inBoston. All action is o. P. Q.We owe it to ourselves beforeject be «pbla. The openiag with the at tbeSecond Vice-President—DIEPATCHTOTOXASSOCIATKDPKKSS. Washisstoh, Sunday, Dec. 23.before exeapttenta aad ahoht the Church, but although the coBirxgatloB waa Uuaenae, reaching ent ia tbe street, there wa* bo disturba^iee or attempt at annoyance.Assistant CounselorsblecrUr and walklBK in the- path ofmlighUst earthly rfinjorceandHeretheniathetruth. WMM.staarenottoooa-form to tte world tai wmtc-Mtg, yet—TfaeebMdWereaDe ii tabata the (Ik «nif iMvsr e^tH£ garrison, and if he least truth in any of thoee rnmota." noulo do It, It Is utterly impossible that be couki dodreaHs,re^lajfartarm^Now, what is the position of those forts ? A hwd-ProdigalBiccHia through tke media of geston, InHeotion orJ. Brown. George 8. Stephenson, Nathaolel Hay- Treasurer—L. B. Wymaa.ful of men m Fort Moultrie, the Re- musicians and all told, seveutvnumbering sixty- five,actuitlly so small thai they are, as their Commander said, actually wornmanner, withoutsentence. This wa* dearly obsarrable by Uslotelll- gent audience, wbo did not fall to afply tb« panUe of the runaway son to the recent aetioa af B««lk Car- olina, and when Mr. BnoBia, looUac op wMk a—L. P. Hubbard.Six o'clock was the time named forlabor tbough urgedPresident has not anymen. Where Is the reason, then, that wc should beexcited, or that It should touch the nerves of the leastsensitive ? As to the works .it Fort Sumter, s > mush was based1. Theday we celebrate, and the memory of the men who it its renown.mucn money as it chooses, and employ as m-.Any la-:it /nu.t^ rvintually bt ourg. Itisbutanempty/ortrtss,aniu-ecjnseizeandformedprove whatwill of Cod." After the of Mr.chapter2. The President of the United States.3. TheGovernoroftheStateofNew-York. 4. Tbe Mayor ofthe City of New-York.i. The American Union—thealsotelegraph lines to all exposed poiats of the St:ite, giv- ing the Governor authority over all telegraph lines In It was madeth( are to be a yA resolution was offered, making searching Inq-jlry Into the business of the banks of the State, withastrologers othersthatacometthreat-others that It Is the:BlackiUsiiBetly that they had no guarantees to offer, wUch the peace of the country could not be restored by thewas silently acquiesced in by the other members. sword. The shedding of a single drop of blood would power to send for persons, examine bank books, but by such matters as Mill deteriorate moral worth, ens our orbit by its eccentriclUesRepublicanand others will make a difference,her bound this permissible !iniuienhleh were unanimously piessed.tonight rarityseeesslnnof South fired,party, and the flag carriedGreat excitementpoint faithfullythelion in everything every'hlDg that's worMly, Siieh men are moderate towards HeavenVice-Presidents.theJudge LEIIB.SND made a fpecch, taking strongChina, over Italy and portions of our own land, thisAnd if tbeie is injustice in the details offiftypresent. cheers for thellaiylaiid to meet the difficulties, and to plae^conditionhome, and deeply regretmanifested. S lull; C.'i'olina wa'' ly cheertU,feeling r-api-lly.Whatever isS'-iteSouHtor,vltaUon on behalfArrangeaients,;;righteous-they lights. In these, ana numerous other ways. Christians are maue to feel, that there is to be a marked difference bemteu tuim and their fellow men. It is quite im- portant thai we sbould have clear ideas upon this subject, (-r else some will be discouraged after trying toest.Lbll.stdDgpeculiar peoplerata to yourselves and yourtke 4th day of March next should be thundered fromIfce baUotAnz by the unanimous voice of Georgia, on seize the forts. The rumor, whether or not true, put In here from streM of weather, and with her crew eaitlily saints. tliougU sublimated to the very ulterior and no inherent perpetuity. Often they cu^ry the pilgrims in every hour of trial and danger.being generally believed, has produced intense ex- citement.Mr. CusaisG returned yesterday from Charleston, whither he was dispatched to obtain reliable informa tlon for the Adminlsfraliua relative to the state of af-exhausted. She is bound to Norfolk.The serenading procession last night was a grandaffair, and was kept up till after midnight.THE SOUTH CAROLINA CONFERENCE.; and Natiue knows no disiinciion between the bonesditi- solutlon. But Government Is cot a fictionMr. KvA£Ts, the President, in the course of hi*byIB the aegatlTe. TM(MlUedMr.Carr- hiawhaehewasiaCbarletton. Whatevarmaybe TheComoJttoeappctBiedtoeiaitjir tbe4ute«( U<>j,>la^j^jlati»l;ypnintievery BapiiWIfan Sena- I sefaraiely—fairs of South Carolina.Official letters were sent tobodv,la reference to tbepoUtlcatcrisisthe chvaeter of his report, it was ccnuidend suA-att or the Church, in coDbcction with the etmdltioBaf-baajojtbaealo*ophy of hniaaa history have ever beUeVed' in order of the wald,"The noblast nationshoped members would continue to aend such coatri- bmloa* as would enable ttaam tn aifomptHh thai eb- jert. He never felt mnrf^ cnnflrfcnce la tbe primi lfl«iTHE SOUTH CAROLINA CONVENTION.That the South Carolina Conference, dience to alt tnil ImHis ami mrdinances, for their own wisdom, and regulaUngman- and spirit of their ancestor* than now. it was twoSeveralwerereceivedandreferred.cannevertheir country, the land of their birth. lo we municipal police,reportsof the political arena, nevcrihele.ss,'or^ret;CjiARLtsTOS,Saturday, lo-tiay.Ministry tmantls, tuio should ever receive their toleration of injusliee, un'Jl they can be changed by that tliere is an eternal order in the govenmicnt of the planted on PlyiBuutb Rock, and that majestic ^w«r,postalconceded tliat whenllitre is no diirernncc be-the sun. Woen risingtheund that postal matters remain ua-;goocl.as a" In other words,-* says Bi'nsen, •the;plii- the which hai.1 ani'nated their forefathers principlesremain with the sUU. peopleThat the reve-The worstin view of all the history ol the past, the perils cf the men are bouiiu to confirm to law, anu the be^t men solution for every eomi>iieation, conainiyThe followingaction wastaken :this'ever been;tbeCoBfarenccinrelereneetoHnNntaw,laUlohi*isitatBaBB,say>lnUtpU- menttothosewhodiedatBunkerHill,hesaidtieUiC ctTT-mry, beg leavtrjtp report tluit }hcj fo"2to the Corfereuce the adoption of the foj lowinglutions /if.vt,!'. '/,of the physioat globe, towMch theu buoiw bciuug,aa Immutable otimiiMtWd bythe doctrines ofmoral ditine:fiulblul and uevolcd attention, and sbould forever ab- solve them Irom any aothu pariicipntion in tue st.'^fcsrecentlyiha Chwa»wM mthat whatever the Republicans did not agreetoshouldnotbeadopted. Acompromisewasuselessaaless both parties agreed. Five Republicans and No has been made on mafers and the high iiUegtoncp wlilcli they owe to tbe claiais of Uut In all the relations of men to Governments, te inoderatiou are sure to triumph ; .ind th.it when the* ants ofthe Pilgrims look out seaward upon the settingafieedreport yrtight Democrats were on the Committee—Mr. Sew- the cu6toir..s but it i:^ generallyworld,tomightwhich, with uninterruptedunbroken career, hadare identilted, *vepunc.hincl-respondedsongthe •sec-butiteut of the Mis>ouii Compromise line cxten'ied to referred the communication frjui a portion of the cised his ^r:.cious prot* cU(Ul ov-jr tlif haaies of our tniiowed, but of the lowest as well, and a wise 1.3gLslaUir it lialli been not only shaken, but bru.'teii to pieces, was received with cheers.itfathers; a'n'l that this i:Oiiferein'o ten.ler lo tlie State puis to neither extrenirt. He will not lower duty to tke anu scattered like chat! before the wiud. No e\:i)rnai then read a letter from President B»- the Pacific—all Territoiy South to be slave, and all member.-^ of the Georgia Leglsl:Lture, reported that of South Cainllna their encourn-^eoK'nts, tJicir svinpa- ineasuieof the ba^e of liie—for Uieu the meshes of opposition shall ever be able to shake or move this Mr. EvARTsNorth, free ;itingdom.not mob not brute force in A letter _was also read from Uie New-Engl>iad So- uriules, law, any fjrm.against amendments to the Constitution, the ccinmunicatiun. as received, proviJed that seces-TheIn such Umes as Uiesc we need to reassure oar- ting that official duUes would prevent his attendance,in her behalf, their all —subject only to the r.arauioi.n*. or a ^ange In tlie Fugitive Slave law. Of course, sion should ::ot take place until Alabama, Ml-si<^lppl elainisof (;o*l uiKin thrtiii.gatesthe Republicans all voting against them. They were and Florida had as.-cmblod their Conventions fjr final abandoned, ard nothing was accomplished. Ail hoj>e State action, but that the communication was now of «f anything effective from this Committee is now ne avail, as the secession u.'' ."^outh Carolina had abandoned.NICHOLAS TALLKV, Ctiiiir.iian. CHARLES BKITS.H. Sl'.MN.D. DF.IIRICK.HENRY M. MOOD.BOND ENtiLlSIl.PUBLIC MEETING IN RALTlMOItU. Ualtiuore, Suaday, Dee. JS,the world—not edicts of Emperors, not^standing ar- Association collectively and iniiWduaUy.already t.ikcn place.Mr. Masrath, from the Committee on such por-11. FLK.MINO. WM. .M.^RrlN.hasdiedadr.es, ;is llieir con.scicnce does. If the law calls for tbat Idea has come fiom his ashes to nilc the very in amity and fellowship could never be brokenithics. their ort^ciions. tlictr inte-rresslon with heavenot hell shall not CUAKAS in reply to an Invitation to be present, regret- prevail againstWM.its always find tlie law f^r below them. Civil laws but ideas inter penetrating society, spreading from ciety of Montreal, greeting the association upon tbenever deinuiHi of tlieiu half as much as tliclr honor mind to mind till Uiey demand supremacy. Many a return of another anniversary and "Expressing the ;toanoff'ce ai.'l other buildings l!luniin;ited.of this Slate. 1 hi^ve ASECES-ilON POLE CUT DOWNIAT PETKRS- respects in which ChrisUans must differ from tliomoderation of his passions, the hieher motli cs whie.h in ills Uie whii h izeiiIunder aquarrel. Therefore the Ptateinent in the TiM»;a I'lu'. disire no concealment, aud J <i> n it think A secession pole, one hundred feet high, with tL* he puts into feelings which are common t3 Idic ana cide It, and to setUe the govenuneut of the te-n- |. evc^ lived and prospered, as no people haveappear to me cRlculaicd to giveaf.H'-k will titalea mil sfnd an:/ rrmA''-""""'* '" '*' fjr''.". \ery wrong ;ipr,iis the more 1 ^;te into all profun.lity,til. .i: should be at lliis time any thing of the others.laws to al! men. tories.of nitnd in The second point urged was the dutyi^odciiwe i.uNebefore, and under whi-h,'>•-"'- ; i-io: : the i;irmtiers of this Kreat bx,y,ofkeep, n:;'' .irI',:^- livedprosperedof courtesy, for-r-mt^ .,/''• -.1' -,; or .•!..a with tke roiiii^sltionall.And the difference between men must^»raaJMdligf ne^er before vouchsafedIt wiU be numbered ;,irr fr- r.we.tl.iMiyiir l"r, «.. en;,ing, just before the dawn of day, by an unkn.iwnto on m.aa,I,<w iihin the limtti^ spirit Sympathy was given .itefrolit-n^Vfs, in,.„.(,./ st.ites,and j<i»'MCTUttir;yto the letter ofJusUce SiiAW and ethers, of MassachusetUi, lor tbair ?!u«S thi luU enjoymentstreet, yesterday monilng, amid the cheers from a m • large crowd. The pole was sawed down this morn-mutual explanaUon, we couldCAROLINA LEGISLATURE.THE NORTHTheLegislature has adjournedseries of brilliant lUustrallons gave great clearness to dom, spirit^1Untitled Document'.the difference to that the worldlv man makes his be,not conform to the world la Ae our NorUicrn Uberty?iSSiSii?r.sjpower The lowest class seek It by physical things aad re- " Gen. SeoTT, temporarliy flJHi atty, is, we have aivnasrplircaet.lou of passions. The next by greedlnesa andiiAwsp:i- a'loat to resign hUcom- '2, llwt he has B^red a plan for Invading and conquerlag aay SMedlag State orpart like thepcr$; such as,that he is ;of tbs South Carolina prospect of an accommodation of the political diffi- peace and sccuilty of the city of Cbarletton r Have comical glance, said, " 8o you see this h«;aala arro- IXSTABILITT OT BABTHLT OOVSailMENTB, ASP TBI were beblnd the time, and It was nearly 7 o'clock be-I cane here to see«re joni ceiutltational rights,and to demonstrate tu you that you can get no giiar-aatce for those lights from your Norihem confeder-aMe. The wtiole subject was referred to a Committeeof Thlrtacn in the Senate. I was appointed on the rate Confederacies California would go with theCammiltee, and accepted the trust. I sabmitted pro- North tod Northwest. Mr. Scott says he warmly structing the Military Coiumittee to make provision ate themselves, to be a people set apart; a day or two since that South Carolina had secedeil bear and obeydissenting from Senator Lathav's statement that inthe event of a dissolution and formationoftwosepa-Charleston, Saturday, Dec. 22.The peatHong, which, to far Irom receiring de- for andcided support from a;theya in- Houee, yestcniay, adopted resolution,Hefrom the Union. And so tbe Union Is dissolved. served."I,ha le-and, 3, that eppc—d to garrisoning ourselfishness and la put kindlierfcelingi,to the conduct of;Southern (oits so as to place tbaa beyond capture'°^f\theonly hlgheitbelieve tliatthecollision w ith other States Involved ?by obeyingsight theotvUlied wooM deliver a poHHeal aeraaon adapted to the Anni- lerfar a< »• law aad iaaU^B^ its aptott, he wwiad up Pre»id«i(—Wm. M.to the present gazebly and with dignity Tably spjke oa Friday evenlac, atPhiladal- aa«iaal, ofCharlet A. 8tetsoa. Ci>u)uefor<—Edwin D. Morgan, Wm. Curtis NoTC*.the nations of the world, tbe strenztb of ourserrlces were the sameJa the It waa ereatacbefore the tribunal of the country, the strength of ourof the oonvayed by—Le Grand Ed- Lockwood,Do we wish toot iihpasemapositiondeemed best bythe Boperln-. teadest of PoUoe to ataiion about one hundred andLL.D,, Wm, N. Blakeman, M. D., S. N. Stabhtaa.reading Almighty God, that we do not strike the Son. Much cao beparaMe ofleeis Mr. tflyBtiCBXi's congregatioa, yesterday morning, that he theauMMa aafl ether* 'the offices namedof plying with the recommendation ef the Post-officeCommitteeto)>aytwelvethousanddollarsIndemnity world,aStatenotedfor courageasthespectacleof oftke oav*fcMimb- byfetllB(forthlamostcImmmtermsUaeomeptlon Evarts,LI..D.whichlound in the 2d verse of the 12th chapter of Romanstheupon following text,bemay ing tbe lllhV IthBow love abonld k«ep tlieir memorleiithe ofby renci^ing yourmind that:BEZcuia proreedtd substantially as followsThe Bible Is full of commands of this kind, ^od'speople are to come out from the worldto be more than othersof theevening.said,telegraphannouncedist, or none at allbybujlclijgupanartificialprcteutlouaness,erscrnp- uloiis Pnarishi.-^ru.the southern hemisphereIshall,therefore,consider:the sea—mar everywhere be true to Uie s*.eadyrespectsmingleand the North Star still shinesVirtues ofthetheir lathers green.andkeep the memory offirst;;aegrers of excellence, are kept in physical bodiesmaiuled by law In a way larger, fuller and more com- pletely out of the spontaneous impulses ol their ownwho will undersUtnrl andInterpret history-,would Theto be universal, itwhom was Cod of Prdvli-'eiiee and Grace, vilt'i h.ts so I'Ui^ exer- city aiirl moral capability, not of Uie highest and best drcuined of eternity as did the Roman empirereadiug which, notgraee, wherebymay;are they are to separ-lights,ttocx,1 he scubboi u strengtb of 1' Igrim Koek,\mayand must'plode and mon earth.with the com- But the Great Bear and the pointers hold:of im;ige etay,aad brua.wmwMiptoapetous twtj larger—tbe inivanl aibtlTa.At aoaie leoMi Sr. BUMaia tiroeeeded to exhort ciety was held at the Astor House, on Satarday mata-BeT. Henry TTanl B«echeT>a Dlaeamnae.DimtB or CBBIBTIASB TOVABB TBI WORLD.There was a very general feeUng in Mr. rtatattMuaeBa. HVIIrtilh^ tboa* wWhRoO undertook to year. The following gentlemen were elected ta thaBeraaa by Rer. J. P. Thamyaaa.but the members, contrary to New- Inlandcustom,had refereiwe to theviour. The house was well filled. The Christmasday evening,adventofourSa-" I wa* anthem, Behold, bring you glad tidings,"of thetelling the gloilou* kingdom of the Messiah, andchapterfor bia text selected the ItlthProphecyIsaiah,years,,; bright. Hew wice arealm the rsonstb nld sway."Epistle Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which can-webeserve God acceptably, with reverence and godly fear."moved, let usThe stability of the Kingdom of Christ was the topic*'TheThere was nodissolution. The rivers still roll ontrvard to the sea;mlhler lawsconstellation, but thenand the Armament is undlmmed. Somepredict that a new constellation Is about to appear Inpoliticalnightskeptics' pauv h.%nde.forat first look suange and threatening, but presently ex-fall in to fragmentsworld each day anew with the gladsome light of lib-erty and knowledge.lb. Our Sl.<ter SocieUes—Sharing with us throughthe year in charitable labors, and welcome at it* cIom) to our annual fesUviUcs.11. Tbe Judiciary of the Union and of the Statesstepdvtell would be rebellion against natural law and ciples shall everywhere prevail, and Hi* kingdom risprudence maintain with eiuiilhaud tae authoritypracticalbyfugitivesby..andare liable to fall in attemp'ong to separate between God's order in the heavens and Uie earth remain* un-t 3. ThemistaJtes into which ChristlEmsfur commerce to steerchanged—God's moral government, too, remains un-of truth, of justice, of righteous- would be sell-desL/uction. A nrss, of love, upon which lie administers the affairseiici his ,against universal conditions of human life.In what respects, then, is conformity to this world cOme and will be done In earth as it is in heaven.Human Governments are but the accidents of man, ofgiven for withdrawal, the Carolicians would The slaver Bcmt^n was not to port, but 1. In obedience to tkt physical tau>s of tke globe, place, or of time. They have no absolute perfection, 12. Woman—'The light that cheered the progress ofwithin themselves the seeds of their ownheart, digestion and assimilation, are exactly tne nor a failure. Truth, Justice, Right, Holiness sions to the Puritan fathers and ttielr descenlaats.—of good men or bad marrow and muscle, brain andwa*Referring to the condition of the Society, he said the number of members was nearly as large as it hadnormai nietlious. The only cxcopUonis wlieu l.iws con iiiand men, not to endure, but tu cumuiit wickod- iie.ss.which all dobecomesubservientand are to become and powerthat truth, justice. wisdom andandmarched across the continent, unUl now Uie descend-to be the case, the fault lies in our sun as theRtsuli'rii, That wliiie deplore the necessity that tween the good and the bad, Tilatisthcei-no execep- niislakiiig the middle for the end. Tiiore must be a thcappiau.se with which tke last remark had subsi-society,coiiliary appearsPilgrimsupon1 ¥' ^^'•^m*r e<vii .irho; showerof—the bestinheiltanoe of their chtldren.S.Thewanderingsonsof find New-Ei-gland-theylaw Would be to«> course—nor does he- refine an"t in-tone It lo the condition ol the h:?he^, fir then itwould ire out ol sight of the masses. But be carries selves of tbe permanence and poiver of idetf; based and extending his best wishes to the members of the it mid-way,—so that the lower sec:irjii shall be incited upon truth and equity. Sooner or later ideas ruleto rist; anil ^xrw : so diat ilie great middle shall catii-ly cany tbe low with IhejQ. And ttie betterr,,), spir-does, as theirb«!nevoleaeedoes,astheirpatriotism hater of oppressionmartyridea,andbelief that the kinilred ties that bound them togetherthat whieih theers. Full measure, he^aped up and running over. holders of unlawful power in this land and in all ab>o that the bond which had bound together theS. Cbrisliutis inU.-'t, in oulwarj acts^ be jusl like all lauds really fear is the r.'fca of human rights United States for eighty-four years, would still keep oUitr htTntnt n"n,iit cofiforinili/ to tk'- yitccssiiry aad and human freedom." The men who, two hundred the unity of the States of the Republic firm and nurmai forifts nf msiNses. There are many evils tol- aud forty yeara','ago, landed from the Mayflower atAll important meetiu).;, attended by many promi- erated and practiced in secular industries which are, Plymouth Rocit, were men of ideas, siicti as the lasting. Beth letters were received with applause.tack on Fort Moultrie if the Revenue-cutter was not The ConvenliDii ihrn went into secret scssi.iu, and nent' citizens, was held at the Universalist Cliurcb of course, to be disallowed. But 1 hold that the rights of conscience and the equUity ot men before When the next toast—" The American Union," foundations of industry and commerce are just and God. And there are tens of thousand^ at'this day who was announced, Mr. Evaets said the.So Mety expected srithdrawn from Charleston harbor, is a fabrication. continued so for Iwj imurs. it is reported thit a very lust (tleht, lo consider the national crisis. Chief riiibt, J'vluiatt Ecmomy teaches the l.iw of justice, will stand as lliey stood, martyrs for these Ideas. to have heard Gov. BAtrxs, of Massachusetts, audMr. C. D. Melton, appointed to prenare the creden- The following dispatch is just received from tials for the Joint Committee to Washington, was111 7.' CI Hiid are, In Intent ociievolent. " Come, enter sj//y, therefore. faying, my people,CharlestoD, from responsible parties•*:litleallure ot tltfseHn"iiia\enut eliniin.Tteil the elemeiiLs of igooriuice, I'lace to puni^ the inhabitants of the earth tor their DsAU Siato Uie liivitaUon of the Society:sworn to keep the strictest secresy in regard to them.The accredited papers were delivered to the Com- titn-,a.^king ttie (ioveruor iraoieiiiaLeiy toconv.jke tlienotbecauseit pratcolitcha»l' piij.i- bcloiigbers and shut the doors about theethoufinto thy ;The following is tbe letter received from ^r. Bona,The Revenue cutri-r AHetij Cap:. Costs, regular-ly stalioned here, has been in por: sometime. Sue missioners to-day, who go to Wasiiagtjn with full Legislature.but bec.iuse mr-n a,''ecrude,Dec.I answered your kind letter of In-goes and comes without creating suspicion." powers. The Comniis-ioncrs la.k^; a E.:c-etary with Gen. B05UAM left for South Carolini to-day, but them, who Is allewrd $10 a day and liis tri>elin;CoiEMAN Yelloit,weie ail coiifcnative.but were immiv t,'ikeabie- in urging determined action on the piirt ofof the Committee ofto dine wi'i the New -England Society on the 231mind raw materials— uponfirmer and nure than ever. gloriousand tiireeor Uiedistribution of all such necessarv- com'rioliiies, begin Goil lakes care of his people. His voice Is heard,rroromy.and Wmlhw Fer ill its o-An nature the whole system ot industry, iniquity," which Chri.^tian civiliz itioii fosters. Is, and essentiallys Tstainhi(r the ri's-i'ut; -ns. so. ihrtstiju. A Christian may conform to buslafss, only being careful not to \tolate the essential justiceReT. Dr. OsKoad'H Dlrneourse. IKUE CONUCCT IN STORMY TIMBS.herself ripht—in tlie Union if possible, but at all haviard? with a united SuuUi, Much dit^iiity was preserved in uie proceedings, an-l a strong sympathy for St»uthorn co-"Iitssocial the civilfrimily,ttietn^itmr nelghboihfrod,•' He answered evening, ye say. Itthem. weather,it skyIsonlymav.he'never having the numerous with which Ihad it in my power to accept anyrijihl 1 Indo-useh«%,;.'ie^esi^.. ialiythewhich, Uirough the mighty deedsit ir- things,In response:commerce,proper kingdom stdAdsUnion,ciuMtions. TheWhen for Uiemune together on the cannot leaveI necessity'..;t*othi'rs sp. ak—fill in with all useful etiquette, ooserveiou>t, spi'rdcrisSmtion o go^ ;ironerty, influence, kc, provided, only, that it was towere -secured ,o ^"-He also most amusingly unanswerably showed up those croakers who aremo'-.r ConstltuHon until thevarere- with one voice accept the Presi- cliorKU. If his characteristicholywork,otourFathers,as a common brotherhood, bye.-erlaslingly pieadeia.--Seu ";l-i^\';;:;lawfully considered as deiMi '„fl-,^ianf,'(et'thcm beg mothe world, accepting ihis visible sutc as the whole of existence, and tbe affairs of this as Ibe whole business of1.notconform tobyol uoioglifelife. He must lo-ok forward to the end of creationour wortworkandpleasureanmi,whiletinoneStateoftheUnion»idUie Christian 'sees In them noibine but the merest in»rrurr.enr3i!ti'»,l;Uon. Everv is ; its results aregoodUnited ,faculty goodevil, by irgiti. not by separate qualityE. A. TOHPTB, Waitm.'Esqyetiiverpa'^t.Ri.HMo.x'D. Monday, When17,I860.tbe which lansuage.sky,but CAiiyenot dis-one of invita'Jons to these Pilgrim meeting*,to thoseten lhoM>iii;d iiiile oltcrv.uici s of lUily life wnlea by^ollowine the association of the text between thecrf-toiris,The T/itf>nt'.t announer aicnt uf Lisooi.n'i uuwll- ceriisut'ite ^ood neighliorh.'.-id, good fellowship, aud changes of Uic sky and the changes of the Umes, and no law, aud I must submit. One thing that recoucilosto concede or compromise was iiivlitrnanliygoed "itj/.i lisliiij.5. 'I'lie i^hrislian iiiny i.'o firtlt«'r. There is not oneOien spoke of the fiifuiness of human fortuuet, feci- me to liie disappointment is, that whUst our country from is in its [ircscnt distracted and diseased condition, If>r Peculiarlv his are these priv-cham- liide thyself as it were for a little iiiomciit, until the indignaUon bi; For beholil. the ].orii cnmeth out of Msing. Rev, Dr. Osooon preached to a large congrega-friend,red;decline it.I have lieen singularly unfortunate iafor theye can discern Uieiowerhtg.O, ye hypocrites,day,skyP01.EOS, revolutionary,utter by seiang Uie Fathers, and lo keep alive a gratef'ii recollectionlOiliif: TSet^.lit.disUngulslilng wl.nt u to he rcirLr.le.; »« /t;r.l—what Is ,^dour msgi.strates1H>'niai-ed leirailv and^Pir„ .,,, tAble andNew-Englandcharacter wasurgedIn e(fi.-jen' y;devil or histo inond with three cheers. When ihe tlurd t jasi— TlieUde, auuman In trou-ed timesor left to the Itwisagrct people.anrtsKBacity foresightofof thefore-shouldroQaU this galber dayto rundidassonance cannot form Ihe cone] jsionof a musii'al com- country would sUll remain strong and firm, and thatandpowers he in the trmptr br patience and courage, and a roncliiatnrv .Ih a oro>er spirit philanthropy, condone»^'^,,.J* fat once secure thenauon.and keep liberty uppermost. corclliatton is to be used, but nolonc.oUt-o;confirst toast was:The Union must and shall be pre-President of the United Sta'jjs" waspart. A system ol governmentSPIIH;;a.,le www.fultonhistory.com 