 #3®* Is ***atioa *xo»- **-*£theJd*W tb*>andoon- laiir-irMm fol-rles- • ?ortb_ ieaeniAnd itionretiretieket>n..-y.F w m BLIVXNA.—The United States Mall steamship mentioned the names of Bernard Kelly and B | | whose avoirdupoU weight is recorded at about 250 pounds, laid a Mae'erre as entitled to the thanks of the Common wager with a tor. Anton Giee. S wine merchant from New-York,3De Soto, J. O. Bulloch, Comm*nder, from Hew-Or- Council. The paper was concarred in. wbo weighs 3M) pound-, that be could outrun him, in a raoa rf.\SiF "THE WINTER GARDEN* »H?Over $250 has been expended on the binding alone, ingeare sacrificed, the bockled shoes are reJoot«a*tr'sua in-- . i t.-s- 'ipted >nglas. vote\, that. eon-pots isloeracyopeless should -h they tea. It u« Do-epubliire teaskts, in-wkuaa* \of the znhap-a The their•entry EM O f tabHshihera- oeecu- also i for•oraied th« te reei- for the Snbee- iaieof•nmeant Koyal oiatkmreee of HOT of most >9T8 Of conSa-b y t h e houses trading * from •no. the i ve theixnated r-York autifol Mfrom uthernSound withm boats The rieticn,•York, •ad way c.-iaertw. and c*n en- it Perth rnstions one, the ad pre-efnavi- &argeehome for the last time in the vicinity of 3 o'clock on the enactment of that rule was never designed by our Wednesdayafternoon,incompanywithEddyJordan, fatherstofortify Slaveryinthechurch,againstalla boy about a year his senior. The evidence of the ordinary legislation. Thts position toe still maintain,May lost he commenced a suic for divorce, and the »nmmom wonwR on the stage—there ensues an entertainment BALLOON ASCENSION TROM THE P ALACE GARDEN.— was served upon tbe plaintiff the day boforo she went to Europe-w a s wita gal, and re quan- tr, wereTTBLICMEETINGS.THB SILK MANIA.—There is just now a sort ofmania—an epidemical disease in the fashionable world—that may very properly be denominated " the silkmania." The city is full of " cheap silks," or ratherancir as are so repnted. " Silks from auction," " aUka attend. The New-York Club commence field operations l«-m Railroad. Khe was conveyed to the residence of her parente.to>eeome b arbor (e rail-atween Flatbubh avenue and tbe old road, where abuilding will soon be commenced, and it is anticipated that it will be ready for occupation next Fall. Over $9,000 have already been subscribed * Tae collection* from various sources drainer the past year amount to $3,718 57; expenditures, $2,753 02; balance on hand, $965 49. The officers for the ensuing year were elected;. addreeees were made by the Kev. Messrs. Farley and Eells, and the meeting adjourned.•—DROWSZD MAX IDK^TI>-IETJ.—The body found in tbe river near Fulton Ferry, on Wednesday morning, was yes- terday identified a» tbat of Patrick Miles, who had been missing for the past ten weeks His family, consisting of a wife and .'our small children, reside at the corner of Bond and Butler •treets. The deceased was thirty years of age.th« defer e. was that he was employed to deliver the letter, aud take in tur a a package which was to be handed him to the New- Havendepot a service forwhich bereceived $2. The perpe- trator of the forgery and imposition upVn tbe defendant ft was cllepfd, vas aconsummate scamp rramed Goodwin, whohad ordered the articles under the name of Craig. A witness named Powelltestifiedthatbe saw Goodwin, the man wbo ordered. tbe jewelry, deliver the letter to Merritt, in Wil'iam street, aud that h e again saw Met ritt, at tbe New-Haven depot, delivering the package to Goodwin, and that it was an understood matter. Tbe defense attempted to show that there waa another person looking \ery much like Goodwin, whom the prosecution con- founded with the case. The verdict did not transpire until a late hour. ' ••BROOKL YN CITY COURT—A.ptil 18.—Before Judge Cox van. Lydia Riley agt. The Brooklyn City Railroad Company.Action for damages laid at $ 5 000 for injuries sus- tained The plaiutiff, who is an elderly lady, got on a car at East New-York, and when ne»r Bedford Station desired to alight. Tbe car was stopped, but before she had time to desoendany wieo man about to build a balloon with fourteen thousand yards of silk will not wait till tht cheap silk mania spreads to the country, as it soon will, bringing downiuchafloodofbuyersthatsilkswillgouphigher than a balloon—that is, higher than "Prof.' Lowe" ever went up in his cotton and tar concern. By-the- by, wouldn't it be a good speculation for the eilk merchants to contribute the needful to' Prof. Wise to build his big balloon, and hurry him off to Europe with an order for a fresh stock, to fill the stores that will soon be exhausted of every yard of cheap silk ?riets of i ii roadsimifiea-ook, 13panned, jresXeet tons of le ship- J 00,000an, end per ton,>tnries of roth the >d, sup- have a- tan any i. The annfae- er man-volvingrequireAmboy •'IASSAULT WITH A KJTIFB.—A sailor named Thomas frt m the platform the horses were urged forward aud sbe was THK NEW TIIADK-SALE ROOMS.—Messrs. Bangs, Beid called In the liquor-store of Mr. Stanley in Columbia street, thrown with great violence upon the pavement. Her injuriesonatton ork aad of ax- red her*remark- eted to aboa-i, stores, Itis a on thehas for - retort,oardiog- Elest ea-rNTAltfO^UJ beenCounty,>11oaringiggjng a6on was )earaaoe ' -&seies-Imme-st then* 4*home to jahaety digwitn found at igut that is do sot70 40 Ordered on file. The Board, after unimportantKINGS COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT—NOS. 16, 42, 91, 94, marked J. T., valued at $10; one pie knife, $7; sauce 14, J, 15, 60, 67.f Advertiaemen t )YOUNG M E N WISHING TO ENGAGB IN BUITINESS,ii•Tbe right or wrong of Slavery is no longer a ques-Kothmg of especial Importance had. occurred in H v tion in debate with us. We aK agree in the belief that REMARKABLE PRESERVATION OF HUMAN REMAINS. But the is a great artist—with the great traditidns of•it is an institution conceived in sin and brought forthItalian: tinging—traditions established before it was found politic to spoil good and sustain bad voices by two cornets and three trombones playing in unisons with it~the traditions of style, too, which came down from daeeic heroisms, from the divine Greeks—with- out which w e would be a compound 'of sniffle and an- gle, devoid of grace or manners—of a^ityle which per--.!screw steamer Crusader, Lieut. J. X. Maifit, command- ing, sailed for Key West._ ^ _A SHOCKING Ar r AIR.—On the 11th iust. a lad, thelocked especially to the " extirpation" of this abomi- same work, we regret to *ay, is still before us. At ourto the Quaker Chy. They have thus bought and madetitionalvote.Adjourned to Monday.PROVIDENCE CONFERENCE FOR 1860. REPORT OF T H S COMMITTER OI» 8LATKRT.the lead ard would probably have been the viotor,butfor the un- fortunate f»ct that his protuberenoe interrupted the oourso of hU downward vision, thereby preventing him fr»m seeing the curb stane, on which he stumbled and fell Mr. Baohmeyer aocceeded . i s reaching the door or the saloon, buVfell exhausted. S o l s laid/ np from the effects of hit exertions, and Mr.OIei is injured in- t>n.a ly. •-'••'•'zolhri, and Madame Frezzollni for the Winter Garden. Within iis graceful and Bonorua leaser circles there has been given a memorable entertainment in the promo-114 Fnlton street, and will probably be formally pre- »exited to the Manhattan Engine boys on next MondayBrougham and Miss Julia. Jamee, who play the princi- pal female characters, are both good, and Mr. Ed- wards, who t>ewonates tbe old servant, deserves and receives much applause, while Mr^G,K. Dickinson to•1ouainees, adjourned to meet on Monday./l«:le, $6; gravy ladle, $7; six table spoons, $10; table- spoon marked J. T., $2; four teaspoons marked J. T., $8; four do, $5; six forks marked J. T., $20;56, 59,19, 27, 33, 34, 7, 8, 9, 6, 48, 2, 14, 2C, 25..Here he has taken a large and well-lighted front room, which promises to be as favorite a lounging-place for literary men,as was hie little office over the Appleton's etore. If Washington Irving himself were now alive, he could not fail to enjoy a stroll through the edifice which bears his name, and which bids fair to be entire- ly devoted to literature aad art.oeed, wul find «re*i aid from a oorrect Ph enolegloelJfcttflaJaSr tion, as given daily at Fowuin U Wjaiia'a, No. 808 Broadway.*•'—(Advertisement.1 NORTON'S OINTMENT.I. roaSArvrmixiTX ASD ScnorcrtA.Permanently enrea Tetter, Soaldhead, Ringworm*, sad all Itch- ing and Burning eruptions of the Skin.This OIKTMBNT penetrate* te the bejda of the disease, goes tn its Yery source, and cures it from the flesh beneath to the akin on the surface. Large elaaa boxea, price 50 cent*.GHKRIT NORTON* Proprietor, New-York. Depot al Pssrono. PA&XS& k MOWBES, No. 15 Beekman-tt.[ Advertisement. ]J. E. STAFFORD'S OLIVE TAR AXDIKON ANDSvurnoi POWDBRS •Are the (.rest remediea for the cure of Rheumatism, Diaeese of tbe Kidn< ys and Couyhs and Cold*. U*ed externally a* well a*IINKW-YORR DAILY TRIBUNE, FEEDAY, APRIL 20, I860.-ione dozen tearpoons, marked ]Saiith; one small fork, marked -Lizzie.. Total value $14.ACCIDENT ON TBE RAILROAD.—A man named John Tyrrell, residing in East Thirteenth street in thk city, while walking upon the track of the New-Jersey Railroad, near Coal street, Newark, on Tuesday afternoon, »n comptny with his daosbter, wa* struck by the pilot of the 5 o'clock train forNew-7»rV, thrown upon the track, and his legwa* so bidlyin jmed by tbe wheels as to render amputation above tbe knee .neceisory. Atthetimeoftheaccidentth*unfortunatemanwasENGINELiverpool.......May 23Southampton.. ..May I— bookbinding establishment of MCSSTB. E. Walker &' •' •• •.as he w incorrect in drees. The character, in compe- tent hands, would be an excellent one; as rendered by Mr. Plunkett it is tame and stupid.Mrs. Brougham announces London Assurance for Saturday night, with herself as Lady Gay Spanker.mTHE "POOR YOUNG MAN"IN PHiLAi>ELrHiA—-The managers of the Arch-street Theater have made? anotherluckyhit—thiltimewitbMr.LesterWaHack«adaptation of the " Poor Y oung Man." The houses are crowded, and Mr. William Wheatloy's ret»d»ri»g of "Manuel" is set down by all tbe papers as a most excellent performance. The Arcb-etreet manager* have found their account in carefully watching the dramatic market in New-Y ork, and then at once trans-aoalogie«, about which yet nothing has been written, pliance with the new law, President Bowen yesterdaynation from the Methodist Tjnfarnviril Church, and the former trial in the Court of Sessions. The case is still unfinished. show that Italian grace is a unit in all things. The detailed Sergeant Lord, of the Eighteenth Precinct, much money on « Dot," " The Fast Men of the Olden*•system was never more manifest than at the present tome, when, in violation of all law, human and diviae, that feature of it, which even our National Legislature*~lOn 8ood*y, the 15th ins*., the Captain-General, with has branded as piracy, shows itself anbluflhingly, andthe Civfl Secretary of the Government, made a visit of even defiantly, in our country.Eoapertioo to the new iron .warehouse at Begla, at- This fact alone is sufficient to convince us that this is tended by the President and Superintendent of the no time for self-complacency, or the folding of the hands to sleep, but, on the contrary, the exigencies of £«gla Company. This warehouse, now nearly com- the present summon all Christian patriots, and espe- pleted, is of great size, said to have room for the stor- cially CHRISTIAN MIHISTERS, as with the voice of a trumpet, to a jenewed, and, if possible, more deter-LAWINTELLIGENCE.£325msBSssmleaneonthe 12ft, and Havrovat 1 p, no. of the 15th put., arrived at this port at 11 o'clock a. m. of the 19th task.—running time, 3 days 22 hours.The De Soto made a fine run of 48 hours from New- Orieaas to Havana, and was up with Hatteras in 60 hows from Havana, About 30 mflee south of Hatteras, t o © \ » strong gale from north-northeast, with heavy plnngmg see, and from this point np to Cape Henlopen a*d a regular Winter passage, the thermometer fell ng, opon leaving the Gulf Stream, 40 degrees in a coopl© of boors.20c j orda. 1 he starting point vrn the Market-street Depot} the The resolution te appropriate $2,500 to defray the .goal,'Slump.'* beer saloan, in Market street. At the word both expenses of the Special Committee to the Sanitary prerwed to start, but as latg© bodi** proverbial'y move sl>>w, ithav% all been executed by workmen in the Messrs. the Spring Walker's employ/ It is now on exnibition, coveredvanasmce the saiEng of the last steamer. The citynad settled down into the usual Summer quiet and rou- in iniquity. And sorely the atrocious villainy of t h s—Last week, in removing the remains from the old Methodist burying-greund at East Bloomfleld, the body of a boy, who had been instantly killed by the kick of a horse over 30 yews ago, ws* found in a perfect state of preservation. The mahogany coffin was also but little affects $ by tbe lapse of time.tine, visiters and pleasure-seekers having mostly left for a cooler latitude.tion of the Golden State.business, and are competent to discharge aU the duties devolving upon the instructors of youth. We have no d*nbt but they will prove eminently successful on the Pacific coast, as they hail from a State celebrated forage of 350,000 boxes of sugar.At 4 o'clock p. m. of the 14th, the United StatesTHE SARITART POLICE.—Under the late resolution of the Board of Commissioners of Police, detailing &.son of Mr. James Holland,, of Elkhart, Ind., wasdrowned, tender the most shocking circumstances. TheJane Hersohenzweigagt. John Leopold Herschenzweig.1 The lady in this case brought suit for a divorce onElkhart Review relates the affair, as follows:" little Jimmie, who was about five years old, left not authorize the holding of them as slaves; and thatEurope for tbe bene.nt.of her health. On her return, in October last, she found her. husband living with a woman named Eliza: bethAazcns. Thehusband,foradefense,setupthatearlylacratic, bearing necessary to lyrical representation—andnowthatMadameRachelisdead—isthebest-dressedgood duty. .-,'r...The entire force was paid off yesterday. ., '+is deemed politic Mr. Edwin Booth will close tbe Arch* street season.CABIWET MAKERS' UNION.—On Wednesday evening a meeting of cabinet-makers and manufacturers was held at Central Hall, Mr. Schoenenberger in the Chair. The organization of a Boises' Union was completed, with a view to protecting the interests of the trade in the maintenance of a uniform standard of prices, to enable tbem to pay tbe wages demanded by the jour- neymen. The Constitution requires members of the Union to inform each other when any customer fails to pay his bills, so as to prevent losses, and every member is required to efetablisn in his shop the folio wing rules: let, Journevmen shall be required to work ten hours awhich is here spanned with a rude dam, also having a walk, off of winch £he boys poceeded to fish. Tney bad not been long thus engaged, when two older boys came along, one of whom, from Eddy's description.ing resolutions, as expressive of our views:V&]Rciolv<d, Tbat tbe change of the rule, known aa the "Provi- dence Conference Resolution,"' is still oar first cboic*, and in the event of its failure to he initialed oar second choice ia the "£rieRe«o"ation." or *nch action appi oaohing the nearest toMr. Bersohenzweig against the former Mrs. Hersohenzwelg.?be has no equal on the lyrical stage, and we question if on any stage* It has no pretense, no swagger—and the new rich woman can swagger as well as the manaround the balloon, as it underwent the process of in- flation. Prof. Wise's balloon, "Ganymede," is about 25 feet in diameter, by 60 in bight, is composed ofcoat.% Sflrows.PLittle agt. Duncan.—Case settled.The proportion of tar to water should be such Ho one who tars seed-corn will ever curse theSUPERIOR COURT—SPECIAL TBRM—APKII 13.—Before Jus- tice MONCRIBP.The leading Clubs of New-York and Brooklyn who practice these manly sporte have £most of them com- menced operations for the season, A few of the crick- eters, however, have yet to take the initiatory steps. On Saturday, the 21st, the East New-York Club—one of the strongest Clubs on Long Island—have their opening day, on which occasion there will be quite a gathering of cricketers. Wickets are to be pitched at 11 a. m., and the members of all Clubs are invited to4 lots adjoining, each 25x98.11, each 37S 4 lots adjoining, each 25x99.11, each 875 4 lolsadjoinirg, each 25x99.11, each 890 4 lots MjeiaJag, each 25x99 11, each 435 1 lot s. w . cor. l(th-av. and 159th-»t., 25x100 1,200 Slots adjoining, on avenue, each 23x108, each.... 990 IDot adjoining, on avenue, 25x100 900 2 !<- ts adjoining, o n avenue, each 25x100, each. 950BOARD OF ALDERMAN.The Board of Aldermen met last evening, Presiden signed t\em. They will press the work forward asEcu OVER.—Msry Guntley, aged 12 years, had on cf hfr feet badly crushed by being run over by a car on the HatPxcx'in the Chair.Mr. CORKXXI. moved that the Committee on Financebe discharged from the consideration of a further issu of Central Park ($250,000), as the paper was passed informally by the Board of Councilmen, it not having been advertised according to law. Carried.atHoboken.cn Monday, the 23dinat, when a fine turn- orj; may be expected, as the leading Club musters nearlyNo. 128 East Fort H-fifth street.The President aDDointed as a Committee to attendthe Sanitary and Quarantine Convention at Boston, Wells. Elders—Messrs. Wallace, Cruikahank, Eli Messrs. Starr, Cornell, Genet, Boole, Farley, Piatt, Beard, and G. W . EHeman.and Biady.The Street Commissicner communicated that theTompkins Market w*s amoly strong for its purpose,l>nt recommended that he be authorized to give addi- niversary of the Brooklyn Industrial School Associa-at $2." Beside any number of other eye-catching placards to attract the attention of the " out-shopping" multitude, and feed the flame that is consuming the victims of the silk mania.—the mania to buy cheap silks.Whatwillbetheresultiftbeepidemicshouldspread to the country, heaven only knows. If the news ever gets out there, " that in consequence of several great failures of French silk manufacturers their goods have been sold at auction in this city at less than a quarter of the cost of manufacture," the rush to town will be so great that we shall he overwhelmed. The descent would be like that of a swarm of seventeen-year lo- custe. In a short time cheap silks would be nowhere. Every green thing would be carried away and the market left as bare as a worm-eaten apple tree. If there should be as great a run down the railroads asthere is now down Broadway silk hunting, there would need to be a double track and extra trains. And tben, "homeward bound," what piles of parcels, pack8gep, baskets, bundles, and bandboxes.• There would be no room for anybody, nor anythingBall Clubs have all commenced practice for the season, the Empires beginning on Wednesday last with a match between the Bachelors and Benedicks of the Club.Strawberries! cheap strawberries! here they go! Strawberries have come; where they come from we don't know, but here they are. Here, in the City of New-York, on the 19th day of April, 1860, they are exhibited for sale in any desirable quanSties, in the Broadway confectioners' windows, at 37 J cents a bas-ket; not large baskets, it ia true, but about the ordi- nary size; or in tin pails supposed (by courtesy) to hold two quarts, and in reality three small pints, labeled, " $2 each." "Wait a little longer."'.' •THE SCNDAT L A W .— A n act to preserve the publicpeace and order on the first day of the week, common- ly called Sunday.ACCIDENTS AND INQUESTS.—Coroner Schirmeir held an inquest en tbe body of Margaret Kiernan, * little girl aged 2 J years, wbo di«rd of injuries received in consequence of her clothes taltingnreonTuesdaylast. Her parentsresideetNo.S48 East Twelfth street.....A man named Hugh Barnes was found deaiyesterday motnirg In an outhouse in tbe rear of store No. 8b'9 South street. An inquest WlU.be held on tbe body te-day. De- ceased is supposed to have aaet bis death from natural causae.MINOR POLICE ITEMS.—Lawrence Cesneros. a na- tive of Porto Rico, waa arr uted yesterday, obarged with having »tol«n $41 from Jacob r a Viera of No. 8 Catharine Lane. The eccuKed bearded with tbe complainant, and is charged with hav- ing taken the money from a bureau drawer. The prisoner was locked up to answer by Justice Oaborn John H. Baohe, a young msn who has an office in Thirty-first street, near Broad- way, was arrested yesterday, charted with being Interested La tbe selling of lottery policiea. Th© aoouaed waa take* before Justice Brennah, who required him to give bail In the sum of $1,010.••» •••••DARUG JUVENILE THIEF—A young thief named Martin Hines was yesterday arrested by Officof Neebltt, ef tbe Fifth Precinct, charged wiui bavins; robbed *»!<•. J . 43. WheeUr of $30. .The lsdy, who re»ides at No -46Orore «tr*et, wa* pass- ing the corner of Canal street and West Broadway, when the young thief came up behind her and snatched ber purse from her baxd. Robert Whitehall, a clerk in store No. 333 Canal street, saw the operation and gave cha»e to the young thief, and at length overtook bim. OSicer Net/bttt w«*.o«Jled to «oar« tbe prisoner,, but on searching him St was found that he had thrown tbe pime away. It WM finally found ia the street, nainns aboutto the tone of $3,800, without the trouble of a contract.He was so aatnorized. one in Concord street, and one in Nelson street. TbeThe Committee communlsat^d a certified copy of the annual report shows that during the past year 359Moiiro. while Eliza Brown rifled his pockets of $2. Tnornpson was arraigned, p.eaded guilty, and was sent to the Penitentiary for six months.John Jonva, a shoomak^f, who hsd left the shoemaker's last to deal in'o>»ters at a stxe-.t stand in Park street, pleaded guilty of an attempt at grand larceny, having stolen a box of religiousact authorizing the Board of Supervisors to raise this years tax. Also, a copy of the act authorizing a loan to extend the Croton wat«r-irorks.scholars have been admitted. The average attendanceMx. F ABZET offered the fallowing resolution:tort KcVy and Manierre, for tbe able manner in whioh tLey de-tbe driver had stepped into the house Nc. 447 Broome street tofor 22 children, and 14 have been sent to the public deliver a package. H e WBHseen to take it by John Jarvis, andCleaning Street* MarketaContinseacie* J>ba*emeat of Nmamnoea77,027 01 2,070 04 3,401 41SUPREME COURT—SPECIAL TERM.—NOB. 180, 181,188.189,191,192,193,63,186,198,38,61,145,158,159,120, 142, 167, 172, 26. 105.SUPERIOR COURT—Parti.—Adjourned till the first Monday in May. Part IL—Nos. 273, 450, 398, 456, 458, 459, 460. 464, 466. 468, 372.diaUandcextefaa-Qmej » oentn a bottle. •BOAED OF COUNCILMEN.The Board met at the usnal hour yesterday after- mustard spoon, $1 50; salt spoon, $1. Total $77 50.,MRS. BROUGHAM'S THEATER—This lady hasproduced at her little house a one-act comedy by Charles Selby,-'entitled " The Last of the Pigtails." It is a pleasant, well-written piece, with aplot turning on one singleidea. A young fashionable woman hits married a husband wedded previously to certain obsolete oddi- ties of costume, among others the queue, or pig-teil, and who has an establishment in the country, with a number of servants as old-fashioned in their dress and punctiliously stately in deportment as their master. The young bride, who ia enveloped in all the vast ex- panse cf modern crinoline, and who possesses a gaynoon, Mr. Joifxs, the President, in the chair.A communication was received from the City In- spector, stating, in answer to the inquiry made by the Board at the last meeting, that there was no acting Superintendent of Markets, and that conplaints lor violations of the,market ordinance should be made to theclerksoftbevariousmarkets,wheretheviolationsoccurred. Accepted.By resolution of Ms. Purcjorrr, the Street Commis- •Boner was directed to enforce the ordinance reqairing the Harlem Railroad Compaay to run their small carsso Forty-*econd street.Mr. CO.ITM.LOpresentedaresolutiontoincrease theLeaveFor,Date.After coosuitatioo and comparison of views among your Coma ictee, it was decided to present for reaffirm- ation the preamble of last year, with such changes ia the resolutions as the different cdrcomstanoea of the pre*«nt seem to require.m ' •'-/' v EsFfx County Courts commenced on Wednesday last, JudgeHt»ines prtsicing. On the criminal list there are two CMS* of homicide; Herman Volker, who is charged with kuling Master- son, and Julia Smith, charged with killing her child.zolini admirdetering the dulcet decoctions of music andFOR CALIFORNIA,—Among the passengers by the acceptable. Mr. Plunkett, who undertakes tbe per- steamer for California which sails to-day are three sonation of a slangy, fast man, is as inefficient in actingmined conflict with this giant sin.The action of this Conference,, in past years, hasThe trial of Karples was continued throughout the day. The evidence does not varymuob from that m e n on tbelies in circles. ^What distinguishes her painting asw ell as music isthis line of grace. The transcendental Sergeant andfive'men as a Sanitary company, in com- planting the most brilliantof the metropolitan successesfirst eession, subsequent to the last General Confer- ence, it was decided, by resolution, to be the sense of this Conference, that toe General Rule in our discipline which forbids the buying and selling of men, women, and children, with an intention to enslave them, do3BTime," "The Octoroon," and lastly, Mr. Lester'sand, moreover, regard that ryJe as aimed against this great evil; nevertheless, as a different opinion exists in some portions of our church, we deem'it advisable to employ the means within our reach to'put the matter bejond further question.. _„ . fcovr movement thereafter rests almost entirely withEddy, who is excecdThgly intelligent for his years, andis in effect as follows: rhey took their fishing-poles andproceeded np the race some distance, to where a foot-log creese* it, just at its jonct<on with the ChristianaCreek. Th^s log the boys passed over, Eddie goingahead and Jimmie following, clinging to his compan- for our action has already hopelessly failed, not havingion's clothes. It is only two or three rods to the creek, obtained the requisite majority, we propose the follow- denied the motion to set aside the decree of divorce obtained byworth eeeiog and listening to—one which we; can speak of positively, though the voice—aa in the case ofA mass of people collected, yesterday afternoon, along that portion of Fourteenth street fronting the Palace Garden, in eager anticipation of the balloon ascension which Prof. John Wise had advertised to make at 4 o'clock. A much smaller number paid their quarters atAnd, inasmuch as each of the propositions presentedBe subsequeutly obtained ajudgment of divorce ey default, and afterword married Elizabeth AaTons. The plaintiffnow came tn and *>k«d that the divorce be set a«ide and she allowed to d*-fend, a* she had never been served with a summons, and the judgment against her had been obtained by fraud. On tbe papers, however, his witnesses testified positively to the service of tbe summons under the plaintiff". .'fionconi—is not in its first youth.To represent an historical duchess i* no joke.; Thewas found here.street. The carrion seized*by the officers will be sento Barren Island.THE CITT CHARTER AMENDED.—Among the last acts cf the Legislature was one amending the City Charter so that an Alderman can accept office Ci during the term for which he was elected," whbh heretofore he was precluded from doing. Previous to the last charter election Alderman Furey declined the nomina- tion of Street Commissioner in consequence of the pro- vision in the charter prohibiting an Alderman from serving in any other office during the term for which he was elected as Aldermen.fast as circumstances will permit.The Presbytery of Nassau (O. S ), sitting in Brook- lyn, have elected the following delegates to the Gen- eral Assembly: Delegates—Eev. Mr. Oakley, Bev. Mr. Lccke. Alternates^—Eev. Mr. Knox, Eev. Mr.This is, we believe, the Sec-The place referred to is in NinthTHX NEW P ARK.—The Commissionerslay out Prospect Hill Park are making arrangements to proceed forthwith in the discharge of the duties as-• •INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL ASSOCIATION.—The Sixth An-tion was celebrated at the Atbenseum on Tuesday night.tional backing to the brick piers supporting the trusses Ex-Mayor Lambert presided. There are two schools: Five Points. Thompson and Elizabeth O'Connor seized hold ofappointedat No. 2 is from 70 to 75, and somewhatless at No. 1,on account of sickness. Situations have been found b*ok» worth $50. from one of KiDg»ley's Express wagons, whileJUnUoi, Thrt tb« thank* of tW« Botbrd b« tendered to Sena- achools. Nearly 1,000 garments have been given out, Edwin Allaire saw him entering a hall door in Broadway tof<-nd«d UM xi&ota of this ctty latnm.dnring the laat aesaios of the iJepa-a large number of which were made by the ch-liren secreteit. HewwsenttothetttatePri*onfortwoyears. Charles Simmons, a market man, pleaded gulty or assault andMr. GXMT—I submit we should not be too exclu- sive. I move to strike out these names and insert, " those members of this oity -who have so ably de-fended the rigtits of the city during the last session of the Legislator*." Carried.Mr. BRADT—1 move to insert Mr. Boole. ',; '>Mr. Booi.x—If you don't withdraw, I'll movs^to lay it on the table.Mr. BaADT—Withdraw it.Mr. STARK moved to thank the Legislature for not abolishingthegallowsuntilthebalancewerehung.The resolution was parsed after oeiog amended so as to inclfade members 01 the Legislature throughout the State.A report on the new emigrant establishment from the Board of Councilmen, was referred to a Special Commit ee.A Special Committee of Five was ordered to co- operate with the Councihnanic Committee inCshowing np the,city to the Japanese Embassy.The resolution appropriating $25,000 for that purpose was laid over.The Committee on Arts and Sciences reported in favor ef paying Mr. W . G. Hubbard $10,000 for his duplicate copy of Houdin's statue of Washington. Laid over.Mr. B00T.X asked leave to withdraw a resolution offered by him, reducing the salary of the First Auditor in tbe Controller's Department, Mr. Price, from $3,500 to $2,000. When he offered that resolution, he sup-posed that he was at Albany at work against the in- terests of the city. He had. since been up there him- self,andknewthat hewas there in the interestsof the city.The City Inspector communicated this statement of iisexpendituresforthequarterendingMarch31,1860:cHUBeMMi• *• • »• «***•*•*«*••»• • • • » * * • * • • • • • • • • lp^lvaV4H 4 »uf<.rethought, "tbe ear of Wm. Samuel Watwn, on the 6th of April.Jacob Merritt was put on trial, charged with swindling the firm of Bad-or, Dillon & Hoyt, corner of Fulton end fearl streets, on the 10th of October last, by passing upon them aThe People of the State of New-York, repretented in Senate 4(10. Binea was taken before Justice O«bona,-who committedthemselves. The average expends of each child for battery, being indicted for mayhem in biting off, "with malicetbe past year, includiog tuition, c'othing, and one mealeach week day, has been from $12 te $14. The num-ber of applicants for admission is much greater thancan be supplied, with the present inadequate accommo-dations. They hope soon to have a Home where many n forged check in psyment for some articles of jewelry worthESSEX COITWTY COURTS.—The Spring' Term of the arsenic All that Eossini and Donizetti and Verdi havemTMor-*e. c#»a<mn tVe* tfaliifcfte-rn,. SAiWx lnort»s h>,aovTMe bKe«e-rn, p«ru.rc^hba.s*e/dl KbeZ. *SO0. Tb? forged check was deliyoiedin a sealed envelope, and but—silks—cheap silks. Whereia Mr. Wiae? Surelynear Harrison s'reet, on Wednesday night, and, refusing to pay were of a severe character. The accident occurred on tbe 1st of for bi* drinas. the proprietor proceeded to pvt him out. Reid Ma'cb, 1859. A verdict of $2,250 was rendered in favor ofdr«w a large butcher-knife and struck Stanley across the f*oe, inflicting a severe gash. The ascased ran off, but was subse- quently arrested and locked up. ' A butcher-knife and dirk knife were found in his posseaaioxi.plaintiff by the Jury.COURT CALENDAR—-THIB BAT.NEW-JERSEYI2EMS.• •DARING ROBBXRT IK JERSEY CITT.—About 9 4183, 4278, 325, 2201, 953, 2308, 1935, 1946.—o'clock Wednesday night two men called at the houee ofJoinF.C.Theeleman,26Eaaexst.,andwhileone kept the servant girl engaged in conversation at the front door, tbe otaer entered the rear basement door, and stole the following articles: One fish knife,1433, 4115, 4115, 4195, 3078, 41C0, 1339, 3011, 2666, 2847, 419U,The same persons, it ia supposed, entered the base-ment, through the rear door of Alexander Smith, No.128 Grove Btreet, about half an hour later, and took" PersiaApril 20 .Liverpool April 21.Liverpool April 25 .Gal way......... April 26 .Havre... April 96 .Liverpool April 28 .Southampton.... May 1salary of the Complaint and Pay-Roil Clerk o'tbe 8a- cr<JS»izJ5 tbe track to avoid a train approaching in front. He was New-York... p«*i»tendent, from $600 per annum to $1,095; Ee- removed to tbe hcu*e of KU acquaintance, a taw feet from theSons was saved from serious damage only by the moststrenuous oxeitions on the part cf Manhattan EngineCo. No. 8. The firm in question, as an expression oftheirobligations to that Compjiny, have,preparedftmagnificently bound, copy of the Bible for presentationSerred.On motion of Mr. HOGAW, the City Inspector wasrequested to furnish ths Board with the names resi- 4etces, and positions of all persons m his employ, ana whether any of said employees hold other positionsweene of the accident, which he had left a few moments previ- ously.NEWARK AND BELLEVILLE HORSE-CAR RAILROAD. —The Belie^ille and Newa:k Horse-Car Railroad Company met on Tuesday, at Bellevife, and elected the following Directors:TO ARRIVE.Becla.. • » • • • • * » • • « • * .Liverpool. New-York.. ...March 24. .Liver pooL .Portland. -Liverpool..... .New-York .Liverpool..... .Boston...sion of the country-house, and sets to work to effect a domestic revolution in the matter of dress. Though stoutly resisted by the stubborn conservatirm of her husband and tbe eervants, she brings to bear an irre-$1 per package.either ander the Manic pal or Federal Departmenta. jr. Jrbn Van R«n»*el«*«r, Oliver H. Perry, Gosherle Dewllt, A paper was received from the Boa»d of AldermenNorih American.. •Li«vrpool .Portland . . . . . . ..April l i io its members, sparing neither time nor expense to MBtibie battery of feminine artillery, and eventually,J«»bn Kennedy, Alf'ed K«ene, Jonathan Bird, O. 8. Hattted,• A.W.wvdron,P.W.Vail-VV.M.Uttell,R-B.EUtfaora.tendering the thanks of the Common Council to those VJ. Jonathan Bird wn» subsequently eleeted President The-members of tbe Legislature who hid defended the *qafn d amount of »to;'< to beg<n work, $25,P0O. was prompt y Wnn>mf<rj5a , ..Southampton. , New-York ..April 1?by dint of coaxing, flattering, Bcolding, and, in the caserights of tbe eity.Mr.1 Fiscxxty favored a concurrence with the Board of Aldermen.Mr. L O T also spoke in favor of the measure, andA survey of the route waa reported and adopted.. ..<•J*;-'" .. >.\suLcribed.EXCITING RACE BETWEEN HEAVT WEIGHTS— TheKewark Mercury says that on Taooday afternoon, Mr. G. A. Baohmejer, the "Great" I*»aer bier nun, in M»xket »trv*feVanderbilt Eatopa. .Southampton. .Now-York . .A prll 18 ,. Liverpool .Ko«ton........ ..April 21 .'Liverpool..... .New-Vork..... ..April 28 .1 4of the husband,- certain llt.de diplomatic endearments pose, and subvorts the antediluvian order of things.The last pigtail is oat off, the knee brooches and stock-lNorth Star Anglo-Saxon.... Edinburgh.New-York .PortlandNew-York..New-York. Prince Albert........New-York. Arago................New-York. Glasgow..... New-York. Bcru»ela.............New York.America...........T.Boston.... City of Baltimore....New-Y ork. Vanderbilt. New-York Northern Light......New-YorkAspinwallLiverpool .......April 21Africa Bammonia. Enropa..... Illinoui' Asia;New-YorkNew-Y ork......Southampton... .May 15Aila..f ulton,Soxonla>,• • • • • • * • • * * •Bremen••••••«-*».••• .New-Y ork.... ..Maydefcigns and legends, including a fac simila of the Company's engine, and other tastefal ornamentation.Boston...New-YorkNew-York New-York.Liverpool.....'.-May 16H avre May 19Inwardly, hoy act likeacharm upon the patient the diseaee vivacity of manner quite at variance with the prim tpeedi'y' y elding to the healing and cleea*i»| power of the medic'ne Fend ft* circular of testimonials. Bold a* No. 81S prliteness of past eras of our best society, takes posses- Broadway, and by all dru«ikta. Olive Tar, 40 oenu. Powder*., .Hivre .Southampton..Mar ..MayNew-York. 0outhomptw...N«w-xora,>finluu Q*himtoauswer. Heisadeiperate-lookingyoungrogue,efav«xy tepuhuve oaet cf cot ntenanoe.(Advertlaement ] A CARD.The Legislature of the State of Georgia having passed aa aot at if s last session prohibiting the drawints of Lotteries within Ua jurisdiction after the first day of Jane, 1860, w e will on that day rt move our entire business to Wilmington, Delaware, under theiiubjoirodaddrrsa. WOOD, EDDY, 8C CO,, Wilmington, Del.,Managers of the Delaware, Kentucky, and Missouri State Lotteries.[ Advertiaement JDkBPEPSTA, DROPSY AND FEVER AND AOT/H. Ar.i>o, rx>x OIUXRJII. Dnninrrr.W orm's 8CHIB»AX AAOMATIO ScnwArra ia ieoetarn*f»«*s most emphatically by ihe meat distinguished Members of Use medical profession la ihe above oompbrfnU. «*d U the only Gin in this country which has tbe indorsement "f the medio*! fisooJ- ty. Put np in quart and pint bottles, and <xM by *0 D^ltiata, Grocers. Fruit Bterea and Coomry Merchant*. Look ewtftw ooanteaett^ and imitation, j the whole ooonhry la flooded wttfcthorn.arAdvextUeaientlThousands of young men have been saved fromruin, and other thoas-ods direoted in the Dee of their taJentato henor^nd fortune, by obtaining P*TMTM%TM£%?3UMA'a"m andadviceatFOWZJOIft.Wnuus.No.808Broadway..-.' i i rAdvertlaeBieatJIrjmioxM of Bottles of Mrs. WWSLOW'S Sooro- raoSnurrarenowoaedeveryye«LatheUnitedSteU. to Children Teething, with nevertadBng "nooee*. Sett* la Unane-Mei-win <fc Co. are now fairly established in their new and beautiful rooms, on the second floor of the Irving Building, Nos. 594 and 596 Broadway. On Tuesday evening, they commenced business in their' new loca- tion, offering a catalogue of rare and curious works, the sale of which has continued nightly since, and will be concluded this evening. One hundred and twenty- five books on Free Masonry, including books in Ger- man, French and English, will be sold to-night. The roomsofMeesrs.Bangs,Merwin&Co.areover200 feet deep, and well fitted in every way for the accom- modation of .buyers.Mr. Charles E. Norton, the widely-known agent forlibraries, has also changed his quarters by moving fromBROOKLYN CITT COURT.—NOS. 36, 52, 53, 54, 55, bis rooms, No. 346 Broadway to the Irving Building.45. BUPREME COURT—CIRCUIT.—Part I.—Over«nd Ter- miner. Part II—(Short causes)—Nos. 8082, 8367, 4082, 40G0}, 4177, 1948, 1786, 2492i, 2416, 2i67j, 3951, 1875, 4311, 4177. 3995,UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT.—No.17f«5, 33854, 8049, 1875, 2661, *365,544,4020,2074,773,1351,Movement* Steamthip*.of Ocean Steamers. TO DJBPART.*.Liverpool . LiverpoolHavre Asphiwall.May 2 May 5 May S May 6 May 8.TO MANHA TT ANLiverpoolipt< .New-Yorit. ..April 4''e| edwrtiaementj.Borussia.No«a-Sc.otlnn.VigoAmerica....City of Baltimore. .Liverpool.„»,. .Now-York.... ..April 11.. LiverpooL.... .New-York.-..- ..April 14 New-York i. Bremen..',.... . New-York-.... ..April 14Untitled Document..April 4 .. April 4 ..A|>rll 711 COSTAR'S VERMIN EXTERMINATORS,ODW real remedy forRats, Mice, Roaohe*. Croton Bug*. Bed »ug«M lie. Ladles up town use *i*ray«" r<»TAKV Electric Powder for Moths, in Fora, Cioth*. ko.Pi Ldpal Dei.oi, No. 410 Broadway.iAdvertisement.]NFALLIBLE LlKIMRKT Cure* RheumaUa^Vand never &U*. J J ^ S W * ' , IxnfvauaUs 1*1**-itforievenge.••<•..a.-y..;.*.y-t.••; ;. ^-•••".••• • ?M~ MADAME FREZZOLINI.The W i n ^m:'kj&'?^.and the designing, painting, illuminating, and finishing,parted with, axd the husband if thai mitigated and transformed to a bearable and presentable feei*g.It ia really a bountiful Httie com^ji and for t UConvention at Boston was lost for want of a constlta • was some thm before they were fairly underway. " 330" took Opera-HouBe—appears to be made for Madame Frez with a glass case, at the establishment of the firm, No. most part is well presented by the company. Mes.tion of tie opera of Lucrczia Borgia,Madame Frez-. ' •said of Madame Frezzoliiti and her poetic style, will be found to be true in seeing tlis performance. W e do ndt claim for her the voice she had fifteen years back.young ladies—Misses DELIA MCCOWKELL, MART MC: CONNELLJ and HAirtfAH ELIZA DTER—from Brandon, Vermont, who go out for the purpose of obtaining situ- ations as teachers. They have no positive engage- ments awaiting their arrival, but go to seek their for- tunes and take their chances among the rising genera-COURT OF OYER AND TERMTNEKr-AKUL 10.—Be&re meates the entire artist, in dress, poet, action, gesture,: the energy and perseverance of its "natives." . Justice SUTHERLAND.TJHE PFROMER CASE. as well as in refined pronunciation of language and of ,..-... .....,, ..A... ,. eJohn D. Pfromer was admiited to bail this morning. sympathetic musical utterance. The genius of Italy Thomas Bauchle and Louis Gross entered into bonds to theamount cf $3,000 for Pfromer's appearance when wanted. THE KARPLE8 TRIAL.SUPREME COURT—APRIL 18.—Before JusfciceJBoNirBT. CURIOUS DIVORCE SUIT.1857, in Liverpool Subsequently they came to this ooun'ry, point of giving this verse and this music, has an aristo- ments are tolerably fair, and the men will no doubv. do where ihe remained till tbe 7th of May last, when she went toartittmuBtlook one to begin with. So does Madame, Tbe Judge, upon all the clroumstanoes .in the case, therefore Fitzzoiini. Her bearing is superb. In thai regard the entrance to the Garden, and gathered inquisitivelySUPREMECOURT—CuAMBJ?H8—APKII, 19.—Before Justice B O X N B T .DITTICUI.TIES IN ST. THOMAS'S CHURCH.In re Petition of the Rector and Vestrymen of St. Thomas's '—but it has the inherent breadth and style of uncon- light-colored varnished silk, and with its little wicker day; 2d, Persons asking for work most show theircould not have been under fifteen years of age, thi onr own Resolution as can be arenred.other being probably younger. The larger boy* Kctolred, That the course of the " Ministers' and Laymen's demanded of the smaller ones their rods, and Union." in sendint its agents within the bounds of this Confer-ence, to hold secret consultations with bar laymen, and by excommenced fishing, the 1 :tle fellows going np and sit- parte statement* and representations, create discord among sell the church property. They set forth tbafc they are the poetic and musical phrasing. Every line is a study. besought the indulgence of his patrons for half anno doubt that the r v•more than two octaves.onal time she ever appeared on the stage. There is every reason to suppose that with the Italian method »be already possesees, experience will place her in a superior position.The tenor, M. Errani, was altogether finer than on tbe first evening, and satisfied his audience. M. Gaebier, the baritone, as usual, proved himself one offor defendant on demurrer.Question ot costs, resesved. •tneand the calls before the curtain numerous.CITT ITEMK* •'**-• •'-OUT-DOOK SPORTS—CRICKET AND BASE-BALL.— 4 lots adjoining, in rear, on street, each 25x100, each..:.... 405 4 lots adjoining, each 25x99.11, each. 880COURTO FGENERALcorder BAKKAUP.19^-BeforeRe-Church. scious good breeding and nobility. This is one phase basket attached, presented a very graceful appearance.(hop book; 3d, No visitors shall be admitted to shops except on family business; 4th, Under no circumstan- ces will it be allowed to smoke tdbacco, or to drinkliquors, such as lager beer, etc., in tbe shops. The meetings of the Union are to be held on the first Wednesday evening in every month.•THE CHANCELLORSHIP OP MADISOK UIOVERSITY.*. tfu. Editor of The 1ST. Y. Tribune.SIR: A paragraph appeared in your paper this morn-ing, and Tbelieve in two or three other jonm-ils, to the *ff«et thnt Ex-Governor &riggs of Massachusetts had decUaed the ten- dered Chancellor*hip of Mniison TJniveraty. I am enabled to state, noon the best authority, that this is without foundation in feet. T,be negotiation, which is still pending, is in good hands, witb every prospect of a succ««aral oonclusion-In this case the petitioners presented a petitior t?cf her acting. Another iis her exquisite delicacy of At 4 p. m., the Professor mounted the platform, and torial propensities, these young scamps also came up qualified reprobation. SAMUEL C. BROWN, Chairman. way and Bons on street. That th> rental of the church is less In these days when men are called composers—and hour's respite, stating that the longer he waited, theting down oa the bank. After gratifying their pisca- brethren, and prejudice against us, a* pastors, deserves our uz ownersof the church pioperty, located on the corner of Broad-on the bank, and insisted upon the lads performing the disgraceful act of exposing their persons or suffer the penalty of ducking. The manly little fellows preferred the latter alternative, whereupon their persecutors deliberately picked them op, and. despite their exer- tions and cries for help, carried toem out on the foot- log and pronged them into the race. The young fiends stood onshore and threw s'icks and stones at theirvictims until the awful consequences of their acta must have dawned upon them, for they suddenly took to their heels and ran away, secreting themselves behind a hay-stack. Meanwhile Eddy, who was nearer the shore, succeeded in getting out, and did his utmost to rescue his little comrade by reaching his fish-pole to him, and such other acts as suggested themselves to his mind, but without avail. He then started home to get assistance, but unfortunately only a little brother and skter were there, and nearly an hour elapsed before the body was taken from the water, whan life ^ as entirely extinct.Cons TARRISG—It is one of the best preventives against crows, and worm*, and other pests of the farmer to tar seed-corn when planting. Soak the seed ia warm water till it is plump, and then the tar will not retard germination. Put then about a gill of tar to a gallon of hot water, and stir it till the tar is melted and thoroughly mixed with ths water, and then pour ia as much of the seed-corn as you can stir about freely. Then take out the seed, and coat it with plas- ter of Paris, or dried leached ashes, or fine, dry loam,or dust.that it should coat the corn perfectly with a very thinthan the expemes, and that most of the congregation reside up-town. The petition, sets forth that eighty out of the hundred critics praise them!—who have not the first idea ofBROOKLYN ITEMS. voters of tbe church are in favor of the sa e, and that forty out of vocal divisions aud symmetries without which music forty-eight vault-owners, are also in favor of the sale. Tne peti-better it would be for the purses of himself and the proprietors of tbe Garden. The requewt was cheer- fully granted, and the company waited patiently until A\ p. m.} when the Professor etept into hia basket, the ropes were let go, and the balloon floated buoyantly off with its cargo, taking at first a north-westerly di-• — . tioners asked to be restricted and not allowed to sell the prop- erty lor less than $30U,OCO.MORE DISEASED MEAT.—Health-Warden McCmn The p»«ti.ion is opposed by twenty-two of the owners, one ofyesterday seized Beven Bides of diseased meat at a publio whom (Mr. M Maury) testified by affidavit that ha attended church .every Sanday morning for the last five years; that itis disheveled rubbish, when so-called artists, whether singers or pdblic speakers, are turned out with eccale- bion speed and sputter—it is satisfactory to find the perfect appreciation by the auditory of tbe great artistblaughter-house in Hudson avenue, opposite Park ave- nue. The cattle had been killed the night previous, and were ready for the market. The carcasses were detained by the ofBcers. The cattle of which this beef is made were owned by Mr. Wm. H. Angel, an exten- sive dealer in live stock. John H. Free, who was ar- rested the day previous on the charge of killing tbe cows, was discharged from custody, as no compliant would lie 'agaix>Bt any but the owner or salesman. The butcher shop in Carroll street heretofore spoken of as the place where some of the diseased meat w*s seized-, is a reepectable establishment. No bad meatwas always full, and that one naif of the congregation resided below Fourteenth stieet. 'The petition is also opposed by sixteen vault-owneTs, who set forth that they had a vented right in tbe vaults; that in the v&ulis they represented, theie were li?- bodies interred, which could not be removed by the deeds given by the corporations. The deeds were put in evidence, and oate asfttrback as 1824. By the deed, the right to the vault is vested in tbe purchaser so long as tbe corporation exists. The papers were put in evidence, and the argument of the cause ww set do^n for Friday at noon.In 1824, the property was bought for $14,000, and it is said it can new be »old for $.400,000. .Wm. M. Evaits and E. Willets for petitioners; W. C. Wet- xnoie, Jas. W. GerauC, arid W, B. Blackweli, opposed.m question.very beat for Madame Frezzolini. It ia a pity she did aot appear originally in it, but took that of La Son- nambula which now is not her forte.On the same occasion at the Winter Garden there appeared an American debutante—a Philadelphia yourg lady—Miss Anna Wissner, as the contralto. It is an abominable breeches part, in which no woman can exhibit any divinity, but is simply out of place from first to last. Miss Anna- Wissner ia a full, deep contralto voice, ranging from E below the line up forAirgustus Grad v tion for CommisuiOf In re Petition <DECISIONS.•t A • b -i 11 Lock woodet a l . ~ M o -real estate were made yesterday by Adrian H. Muller:i lots ii. e. cor. Uth-«v. and l&Oth-at, each 25x100, each.... $440 1 lot adjoining, Vx 100 4*6 llotsatfjoininr, in roar, on lG0th-st., each 450 4 loU adjoining, on stroct, each 4f« 4 k t s adjoining, on street, racta 440 4 Iota adjoining, en street, each...., &*» 4 lots adjoining, on street, each..... 345 4 lets adjoining, ou street, each 300 4lotss.e.cor.Utb-av. and160th-st, each25x100,each 880 4 lots adjoining, in rear, o» street, 25x9911, each S3) 4)ot» adjoining, in rear, on mtitxt, 25x89.11, each J20 1 lctcor. llrth-av. andlWHh-»t ,23xlf0 1,000 3 lots e<ljfining, on avenue, each 25x100, each 800 1 lot adjoixing, en avenue, 25x100..... 940 2 lots adjoining, each ?8x1C0. each 1,000 Hot n. w. cor. 10th av. and l59tn-st., 24x100 1,1204 lets adjoining, in rear, on street, 25x99.11 410 4 lot* adjoining, in rear, on str*et, each 25x99.11, each S45 4 lot* adjoining, in rear, on street,,esch 25x2)9 11, each &30 4 lots n. e. cor 159ib-st. and 11th-av., 25xIf0, each 875 4 lots c e: oor. llth-av. and 109th-et, each 25x100.» 470<.ij • > Conghlan,—There can be • : :«*ce'ved the moneys in tbo capaoi- tyofanattorneyo i> cv)t,nnd thattheCourthasjariidic- tjen to proceed »ummu;jly on tbe petition. The exceptions to tht- BefVree's report are ovenulod; the report confirxaed, and o/der granted thnt tbe respondent pay the balance found bj the Relcree— $275 48, and also the Referee's fees and costs of th«proceeding.Chmles Sollivan agt. Wm. Way, &c—Motioa todischarge warrant of attaooment granted.SPECIAL TKUM—Apitii 19.—Before Justice SUTHBKLAXD.DECISION.Marceliiie Leseenr agt. Pierre Lesseur.—JudgmentSESSIONS—APEII.Ulrich Mark, tried and couvicted yesterday of re- ceivinp stolen goods, was to-daj sen^euced to the State Prieon.for two 7ears. \ *Counselor Haskett moved that the cose of Homer B. HawVin», indicted for. exulmzz'iug $4;0t0 belonging to tao Overland Mail Company, be brought up and dUpo«ed of, as tae def. sesnt had already been imprisoned "75 days, tbe aweunt of bail .fixed in bis esse beta* a>13,0 0, which was so large that ho bad been nn&ble to raise it. The Bistrict-Attotney was not ready; Mr. H. tben said he would move to have the indictment quashedunlessthecasecameuptomorrow. Acivilsuiti*now pentfipg against Hawkins on another affair.Jerern'ah McCauley was sentenced to imprisonment in the Tombs for one day, for neglecting to appear as a witness before the Grand Jory, because he "hado't time-"Benjamin Taylor, a chimney sweeper, wasi'ied and convloted ofmaiingan assault, with a dangerous we*i>on, to do bodily bum, upon tbe person of Pat McDonald, on Thursday, the 29th of March, cutting hbn severely in the left temple. He was sentencedtotbeStatePrisonfortwoyearsBenjamin Tbomrson, Eliza Brown, and Elizabeth O'CSnnor, residents of Worth street, the man a rag picker and the woman ' going out to days' work,' were indicted together for committing a tighw»y robbery upon John Monro, on the 6th of April, while he (Monro) was navigating through the neighborhood of theThe prices at which the above property waa sold were net sat- isfactory to tbe owners, and after selling about three-quarters of the 158lots, the remainder were withdrawn.'the bett artistit onftage. The applause was great,The character of Lucrczia Borgia is therection, while the crowd cheered below.ascended a few hundred feet, a south-west current seemed to bear it away toward the East River, which course it pursued, as far as the eye could distinguish iis sun-gilded surface^—a bright speck against the purplesky. .•.PAT yon THE POLICE AND COTJNTT OKKICIALS.— The Controller yesterday proceeded to pay off the claims of the police, which have been accumulating since the 1st of March, and of the clerks employed in the Courts and County Bureaus, for two months pastat a great sacrifice," "auks cheaper than ever knownbefore," " silks at 30 per cent lees than cost of importa-tion,"-mlks at $1 a yard, just such as we sold last year a hundred members on their roll. The leading Base-ePRESENT A TIONNo. 8.—On the.night of January 29, when The Ledger office and various warehouses and printing estab- lishments were destroyed by the Ann-street fire, it will be remembered tbat the conflagration extended rearwaidlytoFultonstreet,andthestockinthelargeCOMP ANY• • • e v e n i n g . - ' ••,•':>.;*•.•• ,•• '. . • +' 'and upward.payable to the Superintendent of Police, who transfers the appropriate amounts to the captains of the various Precincts. The amount paid for County Bureaus, Courts, and other accumulating claims since the Treas- ury got empty, was about $200,000.They fuUy nnderstand theirpoetry is half music, and so the composer has but half- Patrolmen Brower, of the Steamboat Squad, Mark, ofduty to perform. The very structure of the verse for- the Eighth Precinct, Forbes, of the Nineteenth Pre- drama, and. have also purchased of Mr. BonrcicmuUbids the jagged, halting, which some other languages cinct, A. V . Davis, of theFifth Precinct, and Houston,the ground of adultery. She alleged that they were married in incite to music When an artist is educated up to the of the Second Precinct. The majority of these detail- Colleen Bawn," which will be produced as soon as KA check for $100,000 was made out,After ifhadand Attembly, do enact a* follow*:SECTIOM L It shall not b« lawful to exhibit, on tbo first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, to tbo public, in any build- ing, garden, grounds, concert-room, or otbor room <Jr place with- in the City and County of New-York, any interlude, tragedy, oemedy, opera, ballet, play, farce, negro minstrelsy, negro «r other dancing, or any other entertainment of the stage, or any part or part* therein, or any equestrian, circus or dramatic per- formance, or any performance of jugglers, acrobats or rope-idancing. . . ' > . . « Snc. ?. Any person offending against the provisions of this law, and every person aiding in such exhibition, by advertiso- m»nt or otherwise, and every owner or lessee of any building, ground, garden, or concert room, or other room or plase, who shall lease or let out the same for tbe purpose of any such exhi- bition or performance, or assent that the same be used for any such purpose, if tbe same shall be used for saoh purpose, shall he guilty of a misdemeanor, and in addition to the punishmenttherefor provided by law shall be subjected to a penalty of $300 which penalty the Society fsr the Reformation of Juvenile De- linquents in s»id city are hereby authorized, in the nama of the people of this State, to proseoute, sue for, and recover1 for the use of said Society; in addition to whioh, every snoh exhibition or pcrformar.ee shall of itself forfeit, vacate, and annul, and ren- der void and of no effeot, any license which.shall have been pre- viously obtained, by any manager, proprietor, owner, or lessee, consenting to, causing, or allowing, or letting any part of a build- ing for the purpose of inch exhibition and perforaanoe..SKC. 8. This act shall take effect immediately.Vols law waa passed and signed by the Governor April 17, 1860.•••' •»THE CASE OE THE HON. T. J. MUNDAY.—The Hon. Thomas J. Munday, who was charged with immoral conducttowardlittleschoolgirls,wasbroughtupfortrial_ on Wednesday in the Court of Special Sessions, beforeJustices Steers, Kelly and Welsh. In consequence ofthesicknessofhisCounsel,CharlesSpencer,thepris-oner asked a postponement of trial. The Court decidedto:Eendtbe case to the General Sessions, where it willbe tried by Jury. Mr. Munday gave bail for hia ap-pearance for trial. He alleges that the prosecution is amaHciouB one, and the complaint made from a desire AKD ANXIOCT TO SW-KCT A P UMOTT In whioh they < « » W •«•-Execute one of tbe most remarkable specimens ofAmerican binding jet produced. Without and withinit is covered with elaborate illuminutionB, appropriate in the kissing and hugging, way, she effents her pur-the exclusive right of playing in FhuadelphU "The.A<rw York, April IS, 1860.SALES or KEAI, EST A TE.—The followingJ. B. BL sales ot,'.!»•;.•' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 