 Iliibut he ia conveyed from place to place in the pub* lie conveyances gratis, and even boatmen are not allowedtoaskhimanyfee. TheAcademyofArte and Sciences wag opened on the 1st met, and the University enterprise is progressing very favorably. A foundry has (been established at the capital for the manufacture of agricultural implements and machinery, which will be of Tost bsnattRaymond, who was one of the chief mourners over the body of Seward at Chicago, and who •topped at Auburn to shed a few crystal drops over the remains of the High Priest of the higher law, bas now gone over to the Senator'sarch enemy, and appears as the sM of Greeleydisplayed those rare qualities which have point- ed him out to his sovereign for his present delicate and responsible position. The course which he pursued on coming into possession of his fathers title and estates offered an equally striking example of the justness of views and lofty disinterestedness which seem to berepressible conflict between toe aati legislative party Tim recent movomento of Sr. Pacheco and and the Weed aaaa, showing tea former to hav« moreMoors-The RepublicanBomiaatioas at Sjrraeoae yesterdayAll this business hot boonmootemphati- Nominationoffor the variousStote oflkee. A Awaa also formed to earl aa sections of'OUR SPECIAL DESPATCH.Convention, but it resulted•ad resolutions, however, werecorruption generally, and declaring that theown party organs. Taken along with the pro- malities by which the young Prince would beridge belongs, and in which, no doubt, his per- Lincoln reiterated thissentiment instill stronger sonal popularity is greater than that of anyterms a few days ago. So did Mr. Seward, Other living democrat But Kentucky, as itreceived with the moat ardent enthusiasm, theprime mover in the Infamous schemes pushed that ho hat boon all the time under strict tute-We cannot accept Webb's opinions (any more than his note for $52,000) as theoreedof•MMMRMBMMat all the ajafcMtfceedings of the Convention at Syracuse yester- day, and the record of the last Legislature, thesurrounded. With their democratic and half republican tendencies, such dampers on theirlately, at Boston, reaffirm the doctrine of his"irrepressible conflict" speech, of which Cheva- this late election, to the extent of twenty-fiveachemes at Albany could not haTO boon gotthrough the Legislators laat winter withoat the al- explosion of this last bombshell In the Weed hospitable inclinations would soon have extin-appearsftom thefigures,went against him iapeoplestandingupandcheeringforseveralmi- throughbythelobbywasThurlowWood,and lage,aadthatitismoretothejudgmentsad nutes. Several speakers addressed too meeting,no news of importance. The time limitedforthe he signed the Ninth Avenue Railroad bill be- been marked by an uprightness, a soundnessIntroduction of ooolies into the island of Cuba hadbeen extended by the government. The health cause It would help his interest ia the Hudson of judgment and a comprehensiveness of viewsof Havana continued remarkably good. River road; that he played Into the hands of which have singled him out as one of the most Our advices from Hamilton, Bermuda, are to tto brokers ia the matter of the interest bills; patriotic and estimable cf living British states-by contract hat passed the Common Coun- cil, a n d proposals have beea advertised for aad accepted by responsible parties, which the Common Council refuse either to confirm or reject The City Inspector and the Comp- troller have done evreything in their power to carry existing ordinances into effect, but thetheir views upon this paramount issue of Union or disunion, to that w e may all know exactly where they are.Those to favor of toe resolution assart that it < Anted b y (tape's manoeuvring.The feeling brought about in favor of the iof Lieutenant Governor Campbell has been done by the onslaught of the radicals and the friends of Campbell upon Governor Morgan. The friends of the latter are frighten- ed a t the attitude or things, and take him to save them selves. It is one or the bitterest piUs that could be ad- ministered to Weed aad Morgan, ant one that they will be forced to swallow or have a general smash up.The radicals declare that Morgan ahall n e t b e taken furjtaWSBBBBthe 13th inst. The Governor is to vacate the that he bought up the whole city delegation to0100*The conservative masses of the South, mean- time, have inaugurated a revolution in that section against the pro-slavery disunionists, and all that wo now want to s concurrentaesing will finally break up aad dissolve the te»pubUcan party there can be no doubt But it UnitedStates Bank. Our inquiry had refe-THEREPUBLWeeditesNKW YORK HERALD, THURS0A.JT. AUGUST 2 3 , 1 8 6 0 .tffr¥rtoTtS twohuave^sdmenwhichheIthetorchtotheaatiSpanishtentiiaont,whichitmarket iff beef C»ttt« yesterday was the Bents. It comet from fhdr own organs— may t&ve with him will make their of tilt seaac*.. The receipt* were again Mwaaapett which support Lincoln, from odi- ACT COMMENTS BV CnKvxt:« Wast.—Ifl /**ter- hvery heavy, bat the not* of prices t u without tort who have held oftee, and who are daj 's Courier and Enquirer Cktvsller Webb It against any C>°U8Wd BOA thatgood J slumbering toBSWS_emOJSBM Maif—wrm"" war* theblackrepublicanpartyoffersaneasyprey if its opponents can combine their forces. T h e result of one united, vigorous effort would b e the expulsion of Weed aad his gang from ourIt is hardly necessary to toy that the burthen of that hook is the abolition of slavery throughout the Union as an evil and a crime. Mr. Sher- man, who lent his name to endorse i t was the republican candidate for Speaker ia the lastauthoritative expositions o f Southern public opinion, sad they all toll the tame story—a tre- mendous popular conservative reaction against thefire-eatingleaders of the Southerndemo- cracy aad; ( M b programme o f secession—a81II0U8 TMCBLE INTIE EaTOHJCtJ CAMP.acquainted with lobby operations. A ad the out again in another long article shout thethem as long a5 their Withoutle away with disease andday,andthefateofWalker-PUBLIC Ssjiimaai—TUB LXTB ,—We have several letters Southern gentlemen saying thatlie sentiment of the South-that Mr. Breckin- ridge will carry all before him, and that thisPBCCOBItainiK:itotM r e f t,0*a?ttaatab iwttlfeethe A Dfesvl•yfesftU iniii) 1 us.farAbrMr. SsnitlOamotio0.0Sie. aa* I*. W q the ostatdesteady. Calves were In re- grand result of all this is, that should the black creed of the republican party sad hit owar*umi, I -• f.159 cowi,The rate* for prime We. lower forcreed, in reply to some observationswe shall have beads of brigands in Albany on Monday last, showing that the cardinal _I eighth of ft I-o to.toHe.sad Washbgton the like of which have beenseenbefore;Weedwill be ia thedant at Albany, and will doubtless find means to wriggle into Old Abe's kitchen cabi- net, and to divide the choice bits among hitin the repubUcaa creed to the "Oxtinctioa of slavery,"andthatWebbhadattemptedtopass off s counterfeit for the genuine article.Wast Webb's owa opinions are, or at any time were, we never dreamed of discussing. fill CMauiOEt are of about at much consequence at l p fifty-two thousand dollar note to thel,StOtorepublican carry Wt8ttatt*deleet Utotii,oo the bas* of Uc. per lb for mid- camp followers. That this course of proceed-U also true that if the conservative voters o f the State will come out la force aad declare themselves against these notorious spoilsmen, there will be no need to wait for the decease ofthepartyfatthenaturalcourseoftilings, Torn by internal dissensions, loathsome in its owarottenness,foulwith its owa corruption,rence to the doctrines of the republican party at proclaimed by their leaden, their organs andthe fullest and most complete exposition of the1 >*•mi• ;"' »•*%!e\t ratf -ifOMi tie AB04eMf OOsttanMa. O0afc# COOiuHWw aO D6 MU , while sates w a n li auted. Freights com km! with aa advancing tendency for English Mr Ltourport abas* 00,000 a 100,000 bushels,m ship's bsgs.rtllXd.; included m 6,000oo. do.,la begs,atltd.,withDor up at foilWe give in another part of this paperAaattempttodenouacetoocorruptionofthe verycuriousevidenceastothecharacteroftriousmotherwouldundergosomeseveredestroyedandthefreelaborsystemalonepre-ample.ItiatheStatetowhichMr.Breckin-Legislature woo made hy tome membori of the the black republican leaders, drawn from their checks from the chilling restrictions and for- vails in every State. So far from recantation,legislative halls, at the money changers were turned neck and heels out of the temple.VMePrimessf Wales and His Wowld-Be tainedbythewholepartyfortwomonths.Mow Vora Hosts.Since the arrival of the Prince of Wales inmentoftheAfricanslavetrade,sadsgrand Developments forPeopleagainst the democratic disunionists of the Yan- batthegreatspeechlookedforwaathatofMr,thatthatperson,morethansayother,wasro-tactofhisadvisersthantohisownunfetteredtherepublicanparty,buttokothedeclarationscey,Keitt,RhettaadSprattschoolthatdid Therepublicaneditorsfromthe1Douglas, which will be found repxtod at length another place. ," "Further details of the movomento of the Prince ofWalesatQuebecyesterdayaregivenunderour •••"ft*"P * w^a^A* ^* a»s^#smrSBWB^BWrv^ssssa^SMjB*:^e^s/:,.^w^^w^w.th* odium which those schemes discretion that are due the admirable proprietythe party. Weed's ark of refuge aad ireedomfromall that was likely to shock insupportingGoromoi Morgan,who democratic prejudices that have marked bisportions of the State held a caucus 1 upon aome course of action la toepp,of Buflalo, presided,aad' Leroy OuefBt, aete<, offered a gress,oftheleadingmenoftheorganizationphilosopher,"andIwilltellyouwhatheit."BBSLegislature,andaskingthethroughout the country, aad of the evangel of Acting upon this idea, the conservative commend its introduction jnto to-day. A «?<c* debate mllowed forrepublicanism,HintonRowanHelper's"Im-people of the South'; aa exhibited whichtheChairmanBalibewasiaBtvoriass» ^PMSM» •HnBaassM^sTM anttssMMbjasasw.BB^SW••••a* cowthat,accordingtotheotherLincolnorgan,gans of the party, Thurlow Weed aad Horace company in which the peoplefindhim. "Show sincehetotfootontheAmerican Greeley;oftherepublicanmembersofCon- methecompanyamankeeps,"saysashrewdmany persons were aeverely and a few fateUj the Governor himself is not so far above sus- It it but right that the Mentor to whoa the injured by the falling of a seat, occurred during an picion as too wife of Caseer. The Times has popularity of the British Telemachus it la a exhibitionoffireworksontheEsplanadeinthe joinedhandswiththeTWeuneiatheWoodgreatmeasureowingshouldhavehisfair-share evening. The Prince leaves for Montreal this war, and, under cover of presenting both aides of the credit attaching to the conduct of bit morning. Thereisaprobabilitymattheinvitation ofthequestion,states,whateverybodyknew royalcharge. Itisnotgenerallyknown,and cf Mayor Wood will be accepted. before, that the Wood clique recommended it it tin? that the fact should be stated, that onTheatoamahipArabiaarrivedatBostonyester- Morgan for renomination on theheavy hitGracetheDukeofNewcastlehatbeende-dayafternoon. Hermailsforthiscitywerede- epatched in the evening train, and reached this city about midnight We give some additional details of the foreign news.tore-moral, indomitablyly honest dodges,•tale the charges against the Governor in Continent Amongst the whole British aristoc-patriotic and thent a d strict- proceeds tobility of her son's actions during hit visit to ourSTREET CUEAXING—HowCOSTS.—For years past complaintsfrom all quarters of the immense outlay of money for keeping clean the streets of the me-democracy, the Southern disunionists. We do not suppose that either Mr. Breckinridge or General Lane sympathizes with the wild vaga- ries of Yancey; but it is due to themselves andupon it, they wouldhave to siie with one or thehe therefore opposed ail action. The relatire mertti of Greeley and Weed were discussed pro and con, aad aa attempt was made to draft a resolution to suit Mr Clapp* idea, but no person was found equal to the Usk, end theThe new steamship Bienville, Capt Bulloch, detail. It ia declared that all his vetoes racy a wiser or more judicious selection could from New Orleaas and Havana the 18th mot, ar- were "put up jobs;" that it was arranged be- not have been made. The career of this noble-rived here early yesterday afternoon. She bringsforehand that they should be overriden; that man, from his first entrance on public life, hat tropolis. An ordinance to give out the worko o country that both Mr. Breckinridge and caucus adjourned without agreeing upon anything General Lane should frankly state to the publicvolved by Queen Victoria the entire responsi-genuinerepublicanism,aadnotinthebogus note of the Chevalier Webb.dentialcandidate,becausebeittheanointed length, declaring tea issueasmarked outbyther—tallim to be simply s personal fight be- champion of that disorganizing faction of the tween Greeley aad Weed, sad if they teak anygovernment house, Mount Layton, with a view Syracuse; that he helped to ruin Seward'sto its being prepared for the reception of the chances at Chicago; that when ho spends anyPrince of Wales. The bland is healthy, though money for party purposes he keeps a sharpthere had been some sickness (aun fever) among lookout for number one; that he deceived and of Sir Robert Peel, convinced that in their tion with their efforts. By enforcing the condi- Northern conservative movement against our the garrwoo.The United States steam frigate hauled down to thefrom the Brooklyn Navy Yard, orders toMexico,insteadofthe The Police Commiaaiof•srday thy, of theAgeantLapun, of fcringattherepublicanbelongs. Mr. Downing s last week, from records before amongst them a aeries by David Dudley Field, which atee eijher. A quarrel with Miramon would only spoke in bitter terms of the Legislature; but it was urged Peart have been expressed that when the us, and Mr. Delavan's late return, cannot result in benefitting Juarez, whose anti-church by the members of the Committee that there was no judi- sad his man Seward, the ee- Prince of Wales comes amongst us he may be escape attention, aad the public would like and liberal views Spain cannot stomach. One cial proof of corruption. They could not, therefore, pru-of the lobby, should betrayedintoacceptingsomeofthefulsomeob- to know if Colonel Delavau hasdiscovered with Juarez would act bring anythingbut dentlymakeawholesale repudiationof thatbody.B B V tority.HKWWeedhascemeoutupptraartt. after alltiechargeof Greeley aadothers eajaiaet bin. HeandadsataanywwUASsweaBawa^ga was badw a r n isswet, rif fromduty,butnoithat state of things which, between the WnxuB WALKS* Coses An.MN.—Walker, years 1815 aad 1830, swept the Spanish• § westernpartoftoeStatehavebeenrother huntersW v t w• •ewv W ' ]atMYrIsTvlesW•a^Pve^fnB,ssMtMy W T o l w |tempting s tjpoty to be safe ia times of trouble. We presume the government will order other lying in wait lot him townwasaneasything,andnow,inthemonth vesselstoVeraCruz,inordertomakeourforceThe examination of ialleged alaverTVde^^acfttteOoaxntiaaionerwmbe»/-Saw attK*of theaawasl ssMstsatossmsa AsW^sBfodBjgi of the Bartv.It will be well to notice that the evidencebafare htm and the tropical fevers behind, ia Bteut ia countenance; aad tome fiery Spanish to accompttah it ,The baapudew* of tea commas!—toentrapped his friends in the matter of the Alba- ny and Susquehanna Railroad bill, and that now he to only supported by Weed and Co. because they can me him to help along their predatoryadoption lay the only permanent foundations of theprosperityofhiscountry.Whenthatgreatsixorsevenmonthsago,therewouldboasured,titoUnionwillsecureanunlimitedlottoruptionsatAlbanythananyotherman,bestricken manwas made the incessant object ofbitter savingtothecity of more than $100,000 an* ofpower,withtheprostrationof thedisunion- down, nana to looked upon as the leaderoftheanti-St Domingo is improving very much in publicspirit and enterprise, according to the correspon-dent of the Disrio de la Marina, of Havana.Great efforts are making to induce immigration. TheLegwiativeAssemblyhahauthorisedthegovschemesuponthepublicfundiandthetax-entiouslydeserted,LordLincolnwasoneofbewelldone.Thequestionwhysuchastate vernment to donate a certain quantity of land to payers' pockets. the small but gallant band of statesmen who of tilings continues, necessarily forces itself each colonist for a period offour yean, after which All tins comes from the Timet before the adhered to his fortunes, and who, after bit upon the public mind. Is it for the reason that time he will be required to pay a moderate rent to Convention meets. It is of the same tenor es death, esteemed it their greatest pride to have the city fathers can make a better thing of it the Finance Department Not only ia he free fromall charges for the land during those four years, blow at the Albany faction. Curiously enough, li not in bit public life only that the Duke hatthan by changing the existing system ? Under the contract system, the large per eentege now received from Health Wardens, Deputy Health Wardens and Street Inspectors would oeato to exist, besides Interfering with the arrangements of tome of the city fathers, who perhaps, natu- rally enough, desire's longer lease of the plea- sant placettheynowenjoy. Forthepresentit seemsverycertainthatnothingwillbedonebyinhelpingalongthedissolutionoftheparty.to agricultural interests. ThegovernmentIk Withallthisevidencebeforetheireyes,the the leading qualities of his character.ment, sadfa consequence thereof the steam tionsofferedtotheCommittee onResolationawithoutda-When Lord Lincoln, and under the control of a bigoted father, hit Grace was one of thefirst to give hit adhesion to the free trade theoriesCommon Council still delay to act In co-opera-persecutions by the party whom he had consci- nually, with a guarantee that the work wouldists of the South and the North.Msxico AKO THE SPANISH DEMANDS ON HKR.— The Mexican question hat again attracted the attention of toe diplomatic world, from the fact that France, England aad too United States having failed to stop toe civil war ia that republic through moral influences, Spain has concluded to try her hand at diplomatic intervention.W#«d S—sa. and around him tee friends of Greeley rally; buttheywillbeabletunbassnatahbutlittle,tor,asusu- al, the old man a t Albany will have everything hi* own way, with the exception of t h e somination of Campbell, which he Is obliged to submit te, or fere warn.The Central Committee had » warm time over the tern porary chairman of the Convention The radical*, through the engineering of Wadiworth and Bristol, triumphed in the selection of James Smith, of Canandaigu*Snuci-aa, August 12—1 P . ML The morning session of the Convention revealed an ir-the Tribune articles, and Is intended as a direct been numbered amongst his followers. But it for themselves by keeping matters as they arefrigateSusquehanna,whichwasreadytopro- bate. Thismotionwasmadesosmuggteallresolutions callinginthepapermoneyissuedbytoeBerth'delegatesagainWsalthekneetoBaal.At Iahisaddresstothetenantryofthe theCommonCounciltochangeforthebettertheceedtotheMediterranean,hotreceivedpe- denouncingtheLegislature ThemotionwastabledbyaaaArchil Mtedialeftru<MswVsnSadministration.ThecommencementofoperationsFonda,wheretheAlbanycliqueweredetainedClumberestates,Notts,deliveredtoDecem-presentsystemofstreetcleaning,whileeveryremptoryorderstogoatoncetotheGulfofvoteof118to9*.Weedalsoshowedthatbefeltthatby the new line of steamers which is to connectthecapital with S t Thomas, Porto Rico and other by a flood which carried away a bridge bat ber, 1851, he gave expression to sentiments inducement is held out to add to its expendi- Mexico. Spain has tw o causes of difficulty for tee radical saaaatste tar sssnnorary chalnaea,islands is anxiously looked for. The Archbishop railed to cleanse the Augean stable, Wood and intentions which did equal credit to bis tures. with the Mexicans—one with each of the go- having a consultation with him.elect had died at Porto Btco, where he had gone to arranged las slate. The portentousfingerwas head and heart In the first place he informed From recent returns from the City Inspec- vernments struggling for supremacy there. SraacesB, August 22—10 P . be consecrated. • raised, and the Convention followed its direc- them that the custom that had prevailed of de- -tor's office, it is evident that this official it With the constitutional government it has the On motion of E. Dalateld Smith, Edwin 0 .OurcorrespondentatMayagues,PortoRico,tionwiththefidelityofawhippedspaniel.mandingtherentimmediatelyafterharvestdeterminedthat,tofarattheexerciseofsuchcateofthebarkMarisConcepcion,whicheeivedthenominationtorGovernor,andRobertD writing on the ifth instant, says that coolie labor The machine was newly oiled, and ran so would be discontinued, at he felt thai the prac- power aa he possesses It concerned, he will clearedfromHavana for Galveston, but was bell that for Lieutenant Governor by iin the gauery, gave cheer after cheer. Great enthusiasm prevails.The republicans of Otis eity fired one hundred guns to ofthenomination.b not ao aatis£kctory at present aa it has been, smoothly that the Weed men had everything tice waa prejudicial to the tenant hy compell- triumph over the obstacles thrown in his way; captured ia suspicious proximity to the port of owingtotheiairosBotfonofnegroesfromthewestlatheirownhandsfromthemomenttheinghimtothreshouthiscornatatimewhenandthereisaconsolation,asnovelatitwillbeAlvaradoshortlyafterourcaptureofthetwowholeConventionrosetotheirteet,and,withthecrowdcoast of Africa, against whom the coolies manifost Convention assembled. Morgan was put ia it was notfitfor market end disposing of it at gratifying to the taxpayers, to know that his steamers. Her .cargo of hay, provisions, greatantipathy;jaadthataathereisBOprobability nominationwithout dissent,theoldAlbany oconsiderablelosttohimself. Then,afterpre- effortsarebeingmadeavailabletoreducethe Ac, hada]strong appearance of being of thishostilityoeaaiagonthepartofthecoolies,it house has again triumphed, sad will bo facingtheannouncementbyaaallusion to cer- expenses of this branch of the city service, supplies intended for the camp of Miramon willbecomenecessarytofoeletethenegroesuntilreadytocarryoabusiness,eitheratAlbanyortainabatementsofrentmadebybisfather,hewhileitsdutieswillbeperformedwithunre-duringthesiegeofVeraCruz,andastheywere theycanbedisposedoforexchangedforooolies Washington,orboth,withtheutmostprompt- statedthathehadcometotheconclusionthatfrom Cuba. Buemess waa rather dull, and ao re-vival expected until the new crop made Ml ap- MSB, neatness and despatch. After the nomi- at a claim for such reductions had been made,mittedefficiency. Itisunderstoodthatforthe equallyadaptedtothesustenanceofthebe- tion to his own duties ss head of the depart- no hurry to adjudicate her case. The otherpearance in market The weather was very favor- able,throughtheabundanceofrain,forthelog crops, and waa not oppressively hotnation of Morgan the further action of the Con- ho thought the fairest course was to have allK. Bates, of Jefferson county, for State Prison Inspector ThusWaad'aslatehasbeenadopted. TheticketIs just as he wanted it, with the exception of CampbeU-a pill that he had to accept to prevent a general smash s p . The Committee a s uesoisHons concluded their laserstote evening, with leas trouble than it was antic-pated.Late advices from Pike's Peak Inform us ofexcitement at Denver City to teBBaenmasj of the common sense for a moment Either the discovery of rich efiver toads in the vicinity of charges against Morgan wore true or false. Inof Mr. Downing, with the result of the roduction of expenses last week of $1,004, the total been long pending, and; from all appearances,ventionhasbutlittlesignificance. Theymight pass all the resolutions in the world, but they could not deceive say person with a particle cfthefarmsupontheestatesrevalued,whichhad accordingly been done by hit orders, and the result waa the reduction of the rent of a large proportion of them, whilst the few that were raised he had decided upon leaving at their oldment,officiatedasheadoftheBureauofSani-tary Affairs during the absence from the citydifficultyitwiththeMiramongovernmentand refers to the assassinations of Spanish subjects, psymente on Spanish claims, &c, which haveThose that everybody believed would insist apes TarryaU, aome sixty miles from the former place. say case, the Convention should have looked rentaL Considering the heavy sacrifices which $3,627 23. It is difficult to give a reason for Senor Pacheco and his instructions to the con- recommending stringent resolutions seem to have backedThe ore ia represented ss yaatfong by sassy from into them before presenting his name for a these concessions entailed on a landlord who this important discrepancy, amounting to the trary notwithstanding. % ' >100 to 1180 worth of sflvar vper ton. The expe- had a princely rank to maintain, they manifestdown, sad the committee have agreed upon a aet "as mo- dest aa a maid of sixteen."diencyoforganisingaBtotogoreramantwaaetui secondterm. Therailroad speed withwhichnsubjectofdiaessaron.Tnefc theConventionwasputthroughisanotheraconscientiousregardforhisobligationsandcity,withoutchargingittothefaultofahither-pickaquarrelwithbothpartiesiaMexico,denouncingtatbittertermstoevenalityatAlbany. eastwardhadtokenupwardsofI thousand proofofthefierceinternecinefeudwhichexists dutiestowardshistenantry,whichisbutrarely tounnecessaryandtotallyuselessexpenditure andtheonlydifficultyinthewayiftofindhow warereadbyMr.Field,assMidoneaidewithoutnay tetters.supposedment against the Southern democracy is s delu- sion. In reply, we point to the results of the tote elections in Kentucky, North Carolina, Mis- sourisadOtajbama,tosaynothingofArkansas.ner,ffBsonj,togetherwithMorgan,Weed,fee.Theresult*oftheseelectionsarepositiveaadrepublican creed?it endorseed b ybars of Congress, including Seward, Sum-In "Helper's Book," which sixty-eight leadingHouse of Representatives, supported aad aus- separate Southern confederacy, the re-establish-The opinions contained in that book have never beea recanted b y these members o f Congress, orbytheleadersofthepartyoutofCongress. Lincoln hat never recanted hit speech at Spring- field, in which he held up "the ultimate extinc-filibustering system of Southern expansion ac- cording to the plan of General William Walker.Over.theBritishProvinceshismannerofconductinghimself, under circumstances a n d amongst apopulation so different from those to which hehas been accustomed, has been curiously aadatteatively scrutinised. It was expected that republican] party, organized to wage eternal go for nothing, because they amount to the loyalty of the colonial subjects of bis illus- war against it till the Southern institution is nothing. Take the case of Kentucky, for ex-rebuked b y these late Southern elec- In the face of the hard, stubborn facto tion of slavery'' at the aim sad object of the which they furnish, mere individual opinionsIietrt eoreraor OnpMLl * , ]thousand plurality for Coombs, the Bell-Eve-tions:- leaders,whohavebegunthusearlytofightforhimselftooyoungtodiscriminateastotheTheseleaders,andalltheleaders,includingpeals.ItwillnotdotosaythatthisresultitnighttosusssnliasokwdsdthisBMraiaf 1most unanimous concurrence of the democratic camp throws considerable light upon the secret guished the cordial feelings by which they members.ThefollowingaretooStatenomina-schemesandintriguesoftheblackrepublicanwereanimated.FortunatelytheyoungPrince,lier Webbfindsit convenient to take no notice,thoughwequoteditforhimtoourarticle. rettcandidatetorClerkoftheCourtofAp-Sstatteshape.TheNOW I• • • • a a • • • • • • • • • the federal spoils, which they believe are aa course of conduct that best befitted him on this Greeley, Sumner, Wilton and Lovejoy. have due to the personal popularity of Gen. Coombs; Ibe members of the Hat Lagiaiatore, who wars mixed* • • * • •• • • • <A Douglas and Johnaon mass ratificationwas held last evening at Newark, N.J. A a mouse concourae of people were gathered togetherEver since the Chicago Convention the Tri- creet and experienced guardianship. Although bune philosophers have been carrying on a bit- the natural and easy manner in which he has ter hand-to-hand warfare against Thurlow Weed accommodated himself to the circumstances intical evil, which it Is the purpose of the repub- Ucaa party to extinguish. Believing at they do, they are only consistent in this aim. Webb himself pronounces slavery to be a a evil, b a t stultifies himself by declaring in favor of lit " protection." even by force of arms,themselves aad show where the corruptions of ston rightly belong.Oould Morgan'! record be « thorough twenty-four hours as it bas been this • wouldbefoundheretoholdhitacpMaitoattavgood as in their actual possession. unexplored ground, had been entrusted to dis- declared slavery to be a moral, social and poli-for, if we mistake not, ho was beaten very handsomelyforCongress,onlyafewyearsago, by Mr. Breckinridge, to the Ashland district which BOW has given a heavy majority for Coombs. *No, it was not Coombs that carried this Ken- tucky election—It was something more—it was toe reaction in the Southern public mindup with the venality of teat body, a n towtisff toe teta*. aasMaa of aaamcilstoty resoiattoos, that they s a y SBtBBiem the occaaion. Aboei half-past eight o'elook and his lobby clique. The Tribune has which he hat been placed hat been totMr. Douglas arrived from New York, and entered charged openly that the last Legislature was down to the genial and amiable impulsesthe building where the meeting waa held. Howan corrupt to an unparalleled extent; that the of his own nature, it must not be forgottenThe delegates along the tine of theroad state that if the democracy wttl unite oa XeUy they Willfive BBSBtoSicounties as against!of the republican candidate; of the prophet of the party, William H. Seward; of the chief or-toe work; and if the result hot fallen heavilyuponMr. Breckinridge, it is because of thetions of the late contract entered upon tomeno-slavery disunionists; for thus, w e feel as-Bis parity, and Campbet, who did mere to resist the cor-ia the ranks of the party, already divided into to be n e t with amongst the class to which he of the public money. The difference between the can derive advantage from quarreling with further action. Several persons presented resoiaUens,antagonistic and embittered cliques.It will bo seen BOW how important it• ^ s e a m half iZtotef, the h«a4 sf a~~m mWeedstOl rification, seem intent upon forcing on him. street cleaning since he has acted In the double though if carried to extremes it might produce m We have no apprehensions of tab kind. The capacity of City Inspector Sad Chief of the grave complications with all the other Pswers,atotheinfamyoftheblack republicanthofaoeofamarchofsotBstwshundredmileslieutenatt.ignorantoftheextenttowhichbis government may be disposed to carry its g«at«without parallel in our paUtkai history. The«lector*ear*befcuamicablyd»v**a<lb*».w»»etoedifferentfaettoasrorapsaasag<h«sr-mwvsm''oaas»-ty. theat Chicago. But the work ligations which individuals, for their own glo- some new method of reducing the expenses of empty words as a salvo for wounded honor,argument characterised lbs sWSBStB of aliiMr. Field finally modified ate resolution, merely corrmptioc in general terms ia alli, aad declaring that the SBsBBSSB at Albany not have beea passed withoutteeeteMStaaof Newcastle is too guide fsr him to permit hisEtofThe Prises individual,and,withtheit highly improoaoie. considering theSanitary Bureau?American and European, sad reproduceho tola, that h e will of this nature.DeHhte Mentor, knows the ropes, and will ««*jbw Mat a chance of falling into theiryesterday aad thUm»rniag, aad t3 atsspiy wbJtswaebwg the Albany iniquity.accepts a yUntitled Documentcallytions.iPiitWPpSSP!' "W^ -*• -»ior • j i . . nnnWreactiono fSouthernpublicsenti-pending Crisis of the South," endorsed by these in these late elections, have risen, andleaders,andnowsentforthbythemtothe ait rising, from Delaware to Louisiana, theyshouldnamethecorrupideeds,ashewastiredof country at a campaign book. Hero wo find against j Mr. Breckinridge at a Presi- "guttering generalities" Another editor spoke at moohAKO WHAT IT have arisenthe Spanish naval commander a t Y e n Cruzhave attracted the attention of our govern-strength than •» nrst supposed. Thus far they have car- ried everything their own way.The first test was upon the neottea te refer all assetsM.Barnes,ofnisnaagncounty,Weedscaadi- DnunisMoner, was nominate1en tee first last two weeks the City Inspector hat, ia addi- sieged city, the Mexican courts have been ia ballot, receiving one hundred and forty votes; and Jamesexpenses for cleaning the streets amounting to ore likely to bang fire for tome time longer,yearto asaving ofmore than $50,000tothe Thetrothis,Spainhatplenty of reasonstoMr.Danasenttothecommittee a seriesofafter knocking about for a month or six weeks flog from tiw ocean, and toft it throw the reepaeeibiliiy upon t h e thatwulartgodownwtth thepeople as weOaeitin the Caribbean Sea, picking up small squads to wave only in toe islands of Cuba and with the convention. With teat modificationofmenthatlefttheSouthern portsbyPortoRico,ofallitsonce Americanposses mitteewereunanimousm their report ThisisaSe- alone. Therisingcommerce of Spain offers too eided backsown Tfcm the attitude of tats aati Weed aaaaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York130t69landed at Truxillo. iatiw republic of Hon- Thecaptureof this little USttfOfaredT h e tuftallthe<roubleofAugust,bestands,Withthetropicalforests respectabletheresadkeeptheJuarezgovern crewhaversorttedas)arsuahiag--uaingsrxi.ca.brush..al Ifthat body, bat did not like the /esolutions; be wantedthe tide against him was exceedingly itrong b y ivoice raised against toe motion.As aaaa as tee veto was announced-iST*.:*^mr^m hrough a mountainous and desert country towww.fultonhistory.com 