 10RDUmiG FEOI WUS&KIOilProceedings Before the Corrup- tionCo'junittee.**w*j»to^away»aaujajJTWTlII"" * " " * *NEW YOEK BEEALD, SA1PBDAY, .MARCH 31, 1860.-TKIPLBmm Tvn WBAnna A5D Fixx DTST—The gin— cf saasyfhe (tllrfBf letter frets the Secretary to Ctptain the cards they hold.Coder this doctrine, which Is only an enforcement ofone of the guarante* s of the constitution, and is in accord-ance with the uniform prtcUce of the government formore tban Half a century, Use people of any Territory mayat any time petition CongTers for admission into the Unionas a Mate. An ii quiry into the mannor of the formation of ing that of a majority of tbe Congressional dharietoJ•me hwT^etreachedhi* atthe tine of the captureotNATT Bmacmrnn, Mareh 13,lttO. ..j s view to afford the protection daewcttf- V»ra Croj, the Pre****** ha* directed Hon. B. M«TSEHorxt csunsss ATcnasxnwiw.A number of persona, including some of the hotel keep en ia Charleston, have arrived here, and have calledupon some of the members of the National Committee InTbe people of K&nsas again apply for admission as a State into t i e Un'on, with a voting population exceed-holy enough, and will become much worst if some re- medy Is not a; plied. The only way to effect a reform ia tbe matter to by a syatemsUo sprlnkltog of th* stmtsj witbwater. TheCttyletnsatartoentcansitatoknow-thn streets free from their filth, but hto efforts should be se-V atowa csastfwr the American otisssa then is. daaeer * a m tot ewereOoee, to reqae-t the commanding Otloar t a h * Catted » M M veteeto of war en that coast to tend aach fare** «e may be needed and can be eperodrave as a means of ascertaining whether it " meets the sense of tfce people to be affected by it." Enabling acts of Cecgref a or any other acts preliminary to the ratification of the con»Utution by the people ere, therefore, Importantiban that of either of the S u t i s of Florida and Oregon, and an aiea.of eighty thousand square miles of territory, witb undeveloped material resources of vast extentFor five years the freemen of the nation have watched theprogressofeventstoKansaswitbanintensityoffeel- ing seldom, If ever, equalled In the history of the country; for then tbey beheld, for the first time daring Its extet- rnor,an organized effort of tbe minority, by fraud,and tores, and armed invasion, sustained by the general gov- ernment, to establish slavery against tbe will of a majo-In order to give quiet to tbe whole country on this sub- ject, remove an element of discord from tbe political arena, and reatoie to the people of Kansas the right cf self government, we recommend their admission into tbeUnion as a State, and herewith report a billThe bill accompanying the report provides for the adparticular is entrusted with the duty cf spriakrtog t h e streets; but it is evident tbat unless f u s neglect to reme- died, all the street cleaning In the world will not suffi-att the request wbteh bis instwctiotiB auibortse htm t e a * . ' y e a will promptly comply with it Statements stents beca **ade which tend to the belief that amage- xeeau are making, by what w known ae theMiremon •evcnsMet ef Mexico, to establish a bmekate at Vera O a t eno ether porta on the Gulf of Mexico, the Presidentbaa eeoMcd that DOfnch bkKkade will be recognised by <"jb« iiuua State*. Ten are therefore directed to employ tba naval foroe under your eommaod to aflbrd Americanof Charletton will have good effect upon tne committee. DXUVKBY Of LSTTESS AT T » NSW TOSX POST O T MThe Postmaster General's answer to the resolution of Inquiry offered by Mr, Spinner; of New York, show* that ninety men were employei during the past year in the New York Post Office in the butiness of delivering letters, at an average yearly salary of $970 each. Of these one received $i,8C0, one $1,700, three $1,600each; five received $',400months after his arrival be was entered aa an ilet* intbat institution, under the illustrious Cherubim. He wasalsofortunateenoughatthistimetoenjoythe friendshipof S1g Rossini. On retiring from tbe Conservatoire, M.Jullien received tbe important appointment of direcfeurof the concerts of the Champs Ely see, and the balls of theAcade mle Raj ale. In this posit on he was brought prominently before the public of the Fiench capital, and a wellearned popularity Induced htm to tease the hotel of thedevote s email share of attc atioxrto this rery important business*SXVXSTT FIRST RECIBXST LU>r> CoataaT AT COOFBB IV- arm TX — Military concert* are beginning to be held iit very gnat favor with the public, especially tbt ladies, wbo BOW, M to fact they always have, patronize" the boldsoldierboys"tothemostnatteringmanner.Thiseve- ning Dodwortb's msgnitcent Seventy first ttectaatut Bandvessels free ingress and egreaa at all Mexican porta, and •ally to protect them.hare to my possession any list of contributors of the >ys, but a* 1have such list, I most,en reflection, do- te produce it, feeling that such production, withoutthe aathorHy of persons whose names are connected with M, would involve a breach of the Implied confidence as existing to such caaea.'' After thic,the discharged Mr. Schell, but they have since notified him they wish hhn to appear again. They meet«n Manlay nextIt at understood that Mr. Butterwortb, who is subpoenaedThompson.PXTrTKWS FOB A rMFOBB BASKBVPT LAWgon previous to admission was ten thousand one hundred and twenty one (10.121), while the vote polled in Kansas on tbe adoption of tne constitution, and that, too, under a registry law that required s x months residence for the voter, the aggregate vote polled, Including the vote of the fifteen counties not officially returned, exceeded seventeenJ. Spooner, Wm. Ii. Burleigh, Alderman Frederick Scoles aad otheiaTO THE BDITOB OF TBI HIRiLD. BROOKLYN, March 30, I860DBATH OF AN AMERICAN CON?CI„JOBS E. TAYLOB, Esq., a native of Philadelphia, where hewas well known as an accomplished and skillful shipmas ter, died January 27 last, in the fifty-third year of bis age. at Sierra Ieone, west coast of Africa, where be wa«w e r eneverWjeet "la*rightofthepeoplerjeaeeabry to toitttoblcaad and 81*5, to which be says-'1 find that I Ban set their pnrvhk ns you wotl* tub in* them a I single attack, 1 ««\ petition the government for a redress of grievances. simply to contend against bands of armsd ruffians Be hoped the commitiee would a d ho influenced by the \ The eons itutioa being the supreme law of the land, this .L< brigands, whose sole aim and end i* aetata right of the people cannot he restricted or impaired by taation and robbery. Infatuated adhereats anl any act of Congren. The people of a Territory have, advocates of conflicting political sentiment* andOMtuary.CIATB OF \rtWS. JCLUEN, TBB MCWCAlV CWBWPOm 4KB COMTO.-BR.The U a J t t lisastof the 17th March samsesaen that M,City Imte silsr.ea.cn,tsat vp etenaDy by the mtogoveraad mbabttantt of thaimost unfounded prejudices which had tout raited against frh) chits*city stem destined never to reach the throne of msrcj—• tever to soften the adamantine heart* of our recites* po-Pennsylvania, and not otherwise. Be winds up his declined doing. Ford is willing to state the arrangement*The republicans held tbeir ratification meeting at tbe sarnie time, In the Hail corner of Remssn and Co art streets. John G. Bergen, Esq , of the. Eighth ward,presided, andstolen by saying, '*I may have suspicions as tothe source* of contributions in some instances, butI decline to state such suspicions, as not beingmade since, but not before his election.5KW JXBSXT DBBOCBATJC LXG1SLATOS9.About twenty-five democratic members of the Newto appear before them, will decline answering any qucswoe* set pcrtimst to the subject of investigation under ment for that Territory. All connection with New Mexicois severed.the resolutionjaoTBsnravnexKuxQiaooMnrrxsn. R. Owens, two yean ago a member of fhe LegislatureSuperior Cou.t, Before Hon. Judge Robinson.raosracrt ot SSJUTOB WTXSOS.Senator Wflfoa, who has failed in bringing f^wardtherefore, the right at sll tines peaceably to •***««• local tostitatioat, sad evil disposed persons actuated JuTfiva, the well known musical conductor sad compose--, Htietete. For the tost few days we b a n swan btessed srd to petition for s redress rfsjlevaaosa. If the gnev- by a desire to obtain elevated positions, but worst die-j hi » ssanasB de tanU at Paris oa the 16th. He hat with the most delightful and rfe/reahlng aprtog weather,JudgeReal,orfteweyrvnpJn,asacandidatefor'j*Prosi- sptetAeattoaofthe kindof pvernmenli«J^«»J*ceney,hasbeensheen',frombispublicdutie-;sometime, reemedesired. Thistotheirright,whetherawthonnd by saypnvtowactofOMWnssornot ^ ^agent* arouni tbem to promote their own personal inte- | restsattbesacrificeofeveryjust,honorableandtowfalconsideration. I have barely time to give you a brief state-ment of facts as I find them. The town of Leavenw jr\his now to tbe hands of armed bodies of men, who having life has bees an eventful aad interesting one. beenenrolledasmilitia,perpetrateoutrageseffivemootPOSITION OF Ma. SCHELL. ^ » « « * aawhtat of being a can didate for the Such was tfce doctrine affirmed during President Jeck-the public la England. France aad the United States. Htoalla> ing this Intolerable nuisance of the dust, we thai be] to M had a fix M the memorable hogs of Sandusky, who, it will be remembered, w e n t i l Wtoo>d,~nae after another, with a solitary exception, by the Qylag\aand is that renowted locality. The fortunate hog who eresnrte* hto organs of sight intact used to lead the other bogs eVory day to the river when they desired to satiate their tWrs*. Ths nwdtts oyrreadt to thus described hv the aaestrcttab* authorities:—There w e n about 6$flof the twhtis* to«U- tadc altogether. The first blind beg caught the tail of the seeing bog, the second blind hoc caught ttw toB ofSandusky, end a certain bold forester, learntog cf thsg sirgularfactrotativetothebog*,sadbeing,moreover, very much tn want of the wherewithal to feed the ton'r roan,toldIn wait, with the Intention af felonkrutly fak- J8g, Stealing aad carrying away the aforesaid gruntors. He baprcccd fortunately upon tbe track of the pigs, and wbsn the solemn proccntea came to rtew, dersberaw'y cat off the tail of the tint bog, took It to Ms own bacd. and so led tbe r£matotor«fe$ to bis farm yard, where, « maybe supposed, be had a "high old time genenDj" over the well seasoned bacon. Well, It may not be qu"« ro probab'e trat we, the tshabitor>te of this busy saetr i- pote, will ever be brought to such an extremity Mtha unfortunate blind porken; but our oondlttoa to sactoarf^a,a>0a>wa0*w^^^w»^aw%w^a'1wBiw^»toB*Vtoe Presidency. Bat friends thiak hto fierce opposition soatsdmtoistratkiB.ln the decision of tits Attorney Ge-THe laatrr.ctions u Ow Haval Mewsbe wasfin*,elected by the Know nothings to the UnitedtettoCNUf,IfteUl Waveatfttajteim 'Jespntcta.States Senate when they won advocating twenty one y o s n for forelgnen, which ho endorsed.MB, SSWIBD ASO HD IBTIBB.ajsnojag Seward entertained hie political friends at din-dinary privileges and immunities of citizens of the have seized persons who hal committed no offence, and United States. Among t h e n to the right of the psorde after stripping them of all tbeir valuables, placed thein toairemWepeaceablyandtopetitionthegovernmentfor onasMmensndeentthemoutofthccouatey. • a *>-' istt rcn, Jnllk n was born. Here Antonio taught ringing,andhtolittleSOP,itissaid,learnedtbevarioussolfeggios the ftis* bhnd hot, sad so oa through tba from casually overbearing tbem several times. At tbe satin 100. In this manner tbe hog wHh vtotoa wan can. sgecffive,doubtlessfromtbetooprematureexercisesof bledtoconductanhtolessfortunatefeUowrjeeateasaVly a deli. a»c ergan, he lost his votee.and, returning tt his to the banks of tbe river, and to lead them bse*wgBat to> mountain heme, he devoted himself arduously to t&e the weeds. It M happened that > famine case* oe in study of the violin, on which instrument he displayed s3much skill as to Induce his father to project a se-riescfconcertsintheprincipalItaliancities,wherebemet with unlveisal favor, ita'ooo occasion, after per-forming the difficult variation* of Rode, at the TeatroReal, at Turin, he was lifted from the stage intothe Queen's box, by command, to receive tbe regalmarks of gratification and delight. This Incidentbrought him into great favor with tbe court, and for awhole eeason be was the caressed of the Sardinian*<•/••''.<« Whi'e sojourning for professional purposes atMarseilles bis father met tbe Admiral de Rtono, thencommander of tfce squadron in tbe Levant, who inducedhim to abandon bis musical pursuit*, and enter tbe ser-vice. This straxge mutation in their affairs Of life led tofather and son remaining in tbe French navy for threeyears, both btirg present at the battle of Navarino, in1827.ReturningtoFranceattbeendofthistimeyoungJuiHec enlisted as a soldier, and for six months bare thedrudgery of a musket tn the Fifty lourth regiment of tofsntry. 'Bis regiment being ordered to BriaBoou, on thePledmontese frontier, be deserted Tor the purpose of visit cerded by the Ommon Oourcil. At present swatto ht10 n HOB?; w p a —seat « to toe Sw4e to-day by the FtesiUnderdateofMy«,1$B$,betoutiormedJ ma del Norte, Nicaragua.ner to-day, end this evening Surtw open the deer* of hie the redress of grievances. In the exercise of this right In isolated or country pieces, no man a life to Baft. Tie hospitablemansiontoallwhodesiredtocall—tomanywho the<rhabitantsofAiksnwsmaypeaceablymeetto- roadsanfilledwitharmedrobben,sadnrardenftr a n constant friends, and some who have not before paid gether in primary ass* mbly or in convention chosea by mere plunder are of dairy occurrence. Almost everysnob aisemblie*, tor the pnrpon of petitioniDg Congress jarm houseto deserted, sad BOtraveller hat the temerity •dm their 1 departs It la a singular fact that many politi to abrogate the Territorial governsaent and to to venture,upon the highwsjB without an escort''clans who win rote for the republican nominee, whoever he admit them Bito the Union as an indepen- In describing tbe condition of the Territory at the timettothetwoyearsamendment to Ma'*aehu*eUsshoulden- tiUe him to be nominated as Virx, President, especially asneraltiasimittngmsjroetiena to toOeww of Arkansas, who was disposed to prevent the formation of a constttoticn by the people, without * previous actor OoBgms for tbat panose, to these tostractions, given by cliectlcn of the President September 21, 18», n- ferrm*- to the right of the people to act without such au- thority, be says!—"They uadonhtedly possets the or-ati odous character aader the shadow of authority from tbn Territorial ewvernmeBt Wlthto a few day* these men have fobbed and iriven from their bouses unoffending att- une; nave fired upon and kilted othen to their own dweJtogs, and stolen hones and property, under the pre- tence of employing them to the public sanriae. TheyHto father, Antonio Jullien, was headmaster of the Ceni Suisse, in tbe revolution of 1189, aad. hto regiment being massacred at the Louvre, he emigrated to Boms, when, attaching himself to the body guard of tbe Pope, he termed aa alliance with aa Italian lady of some lis ttnctiOB. Some trmo after the union the twain determin- ed oa revtotttof France, and while on the journey, in the French Alps, on the 23d of April, 1812, at a chiM near•cansdug the BioosJyn, and eommaader* Turner, Jenkins each, seven $1,000 each. In addition to theae Territory peaceably to assemble and form for themselves.into France, that several managers of the leading theatres numerously attended. Harvey B. Dodworth, the wellana Baser*, respectively commandisg the Sarateg*. J r hie and) Fe asoeJM.m commatoeating the document* relative to the course a* Cbptaiu* Jarvto and Turner In the *et*ore of the M:ra men steamers, the Secretary adds, " Upon the factacanted a thecc ettetol reports, the department nawrovee ef tfce conduct of both these gallant offl-en anl theofficersandmenundertheircommand.''ranrAinanornounosTOaxDuosyxxAcan.some thirty persons were employed in collecting letters at a compensation of $40 per month. Seventeen nun dred doliars was paid for transporting letters between six sob-poet offices. It costs $3,3C0 for rent, light and fuel of these offices, the total expense being $07,017 Toe above is additional to the clerk hire at the New York Post Office, which amounts to $111,COO during the same period.AS ATrMFT TOBATSUTAH. OnMondaynextMr.Hooper,delegatefromUtah,willa constitution snd State rovenment, to be presented astheir petition to Congrera, as one of the guaranttesof theconstitution, cannot regard any condition Imposed by Con-gress attempting to impair the excrciie of that right asva»id or binding, either upon the people or a subsequent AmoPBUTio* op MOSSY FOB FXRBT PuupoesB.—At ai ad- Corgress. If such a condition could be imposed, then thebeaded in a clique to subvert the efforts of the devoteder.freprtnetir,theenl of which was tbat the year 1838known leader, will officiate aa conductor, and tbe follov- lng distinguished artists bave consented to lend their ser- vices on the occasion, viz : Mr. 8 B. Mils, pianist; «<•.telegraphic announcement from HOWOrleans that1 had raised the siege of Vera Crux—having failed appear before the House Committee on Territories to pro-test sgatnst any attempt of Cngrets to divide up the Ter- ha expedition against that ctty, and departed for the ritory of Utah, and thus destroy the present governmentf ef IrriVrr-'n- greatly dated the friends of the partyhere.Theytooknowforthespeedyoverthere.TBB mssei ai oovrssrraD SCAT.ah ether point* where he now hold* possession. Mr. Blair concluded his argument before the Commitef Miramoa, not only in the cHy of Mexico, but atprevail*, however, that the majority win report a seriesof Colfax, Craig and Alley, for the purpose of exsmtnicgof rteoretieaa sustaining the action of the House in ap- and settling on detail*. There Is a disposition on the part-poiattog the Covode Select Cemmittee to investigate al- of the House to amend the bill and throw It open to com the people to be affected by it desire such admission, for e j c e , < H o * $ a b 0 u 0 .glided cbalr, with all the superb confidence of a general occasion. He alluded in very complimentary terms, inillustrating bis remar ka to the Seventh regiment, snd said that tbe military spirit BOWprevalent la tbe First drrieioa WM owing to tbeir good discipline snd exemplary perse- verance.FATAL Acaaxsv ox TBB Hrmoa Rrvxa RAILROAD —Ed- ward Donough.acblld four y e a n of age, residing w.:h hto parents at 161 Perry street, while attempting to get upon one of the freight can of the Hudson River Ball- road while the same was to motion, on Thursday evening, WMcaught under the wheels and so severely injured thatleged fraud* and repelling executive interference.There will, undoubtedly, be a minority report sustain - tog the petttisa of the rrccMent, and recommending the ' ef the duties imposed upon the Covode Oommittee1 Judiciary or some other standing oommittee of theCoved** had Collector Schell before thempetition.ran OVXSLATO POVT KXPXXSS TO CAUPOKXIA.Jos. A. Uonheimer, the first agent'of Russell, Major k Co.'s overland pony express, left hen to dsy, with letters to the value of $50,000.BAIL ROITX A I O 5 0 TBS GCIF Of BEXI0O.The committee have invited John Coshrane and Mr. Corwin to appear on Tuesday morning to behalf of Carloshowever clear the application may be the exercise of a constitutional rlgbt.it is, nevertheless, a mere petition, and unless approved by a majority of those upon whom it is to operate, the petition should not be granted. In this case there can be no question but that the constitu- tion presented meets the wishes of those who a n to be effected by it, for it was adopted and ratified at a fair election heki for that purpose, in which the whole people, without distinction of party, participated, by a majority of 4,891, in an aggregate vote of 16,961, (exclusive of the vote polled infifteencounties not returned ) being almost two to one la favor of the constitution, as appears by thewho bad wen a great victory.Jullien's concerts at Castle Garden wen much liked,certain interrogatoriee to regard Buiterfields mall route along the Gulf of Mexico. TheFoiitioiL—TBB ArratucBTSB CBurrsn FIICTION.—The only barmlets, but often very cntettatalng. He lived eaA large number of petitions were presented in theBouseft>day by Mr. Barr in iavor of a uniform bankruptaw. The subject is now under consideration by the thousand (1*,CC0).Tbe snnouncement tn your paper of the itth Inst ofmy name, as having been renominated for the office ofAfcerman or the Tenth ward, was incorrect, as I had scting in capacity of American Consul. What make* this of No. ?, owned by John Gray- Tbe sheds in the rear ofHouse Judiciary Committee.PBOMSlOItAI. UOVBESMMT FOB ARIZONA.Private letters from Arisona state tbat delegates have been elected to a convention, to be held at Tucson on t j« flrat Monday in April, to organize a provisional governOf the 287 Congressional districts in the Union, there were, by tbe official returns of the lasttCongTessional elec- tions, one hundred and fifty two (162) districts that polled each less than seventeen tb-nisamt (17,000) votes? So tbat the legal vote of Kansas on thefirstTuesday of April, I860, exceedel that of any one of almost two thirds of the Congre ssicnal districts ot the Union.A Territorial government, being limited in the exercise of political power, and the people thereof greatly restricted In their action, should be continued only so long as the necessities which gavepositively declined a renumination to the office. Private reasons at the pr*sent time prevent an acceptanoe, al- though very strongly urged by my friend* and constitu-intelligence more painful is the departure of Mrs. Taylor on tbe 24th instant by bark Aaron J. Harvey, from Phi la delphia, to rejoin her husband.178 snd 174 Clinton street were also destroyed. The total Ionwillbeaboutty0;noinsurance. Tbefire,itto*aid, was the result of accident.FIRE or Sot TH STRICT —About bait put nine o'clock last night a fire broke out in the nautical instrument store of Henry Glover, 107 South str eet. Thefiremenextinguished tbe fire before It extended bev ond tbe store Tbe damage tothestockwillbe*boot$1.CC0;Insuredfor$6,000totba North American and Fulton insurance companin, The stock of sblp stores in the store adjoining, owned by K.Messrs. Barr, Irviae, GameU, Verree and Harris of of Texas, will probably be elected Governor of Arizona rise to It last whenever the population, therefore,Ibis was an action brought by the plaintiff to recover da- Cadis. A large number of persons were present and lis- Coulard, WM damaged about $1C0 by water; insured.Maryland, hare been appointed a select committee by the Speaker ef the Boone,on Mr. Barr a racntntion for an in- vestigation of certain contracts in connection with thepublic stores of New York.eansos Bxrmromrssn ntrsnra tan nous win.The Bouse Committee en Military Attain listened to an •rgament to day from Mr. Stoat, of Oregon, to ffcTW •f the payment of the war debt claimed ay the. State. He argued that it was a cla!m contractedby the people of Oregon, to defence of their own homes sweatee*. When he went to Oregon, to lato, bethe people laboring under great excitement, pre and presenting their claims before the tied at Vancouver. He went the various parts of the State when these lad been prosecutol, sad became famihar withunder the provisional government.THS TSAOB WITH EL P430.mages from the defendant to this cause for a malicious tened attentively to the impressive ceremonial and fine prosecution and false imprisonment. Isaacs was des reus music of the Roman Catholic church. Mr. MatthiosscinTbe stock of bats aad cape tn the basement owned by Patrick O'Brien, WM damaged about $?& by water; in- sured. The building WMdamaged about $30. The origin of the fire to unknown at present1 of the massacres and battles that occurredOregon, but It was tot until last summer Ordered to lay oa the table and be printed.ment, an Executive, wholly irresponsible to thesnas complained of to the Territorial organisation , t b e y ot all, against the influence ot men who have been patted mayaccompaaytheirpetitionforitsabrogationwitha inauthority,andbanemployedallthedestructive1Vnvtoasiyattemrtedtocommitsulciie.bat all the delicious mUdnns *f atmospcen and MI assay ofskieshavegoneatnaughtwithot,onacccuntofthe) detestable dust, which appean determined to blind us aildent State. The particular form which they ofhisarrival,tohi*farewelltothepeopleofKansas may he, respectfully decline attendtogMr. Seward's week- may give to their petition cannot be ma'erlal so long as (Scaa-.e Doc., 1st sea 86th Congress, No. t7, page 200),ly Mtees, because they dtettn to avoid the slightest sus- ibey confine themselves to the mere right of petitioning,picion of commitment to any mas natfl Chicago speaks. ana conduct their proceedings in a peaceable manner. And as tne power of Congress over the whole subject isbe says—"Desolation and ruin reigned oa every hand; bouses andfiresideswere deserted: the smoke of buraiag dwellings darkened the atmosphere; women and children, drinn from their tabitations, wandered over the prairies and among the woodlands, or sought refuse snd pro- tection even amorg the Indian tribes."BfFhe social Influence of such entertainments as a n given si Senator Seward'stenIs to commit men to a certain ex- tent Cameron, Wade, Feseeaaon, Trumbull, Pennington, Hickman, Hsskta and othen who a n talked of as candi-plenary and unlimited, they may accept any constitutionfrsmed which, in then* judgment, meets the sense or thepeople to be affected by it If, therefore, the citizens orAraatras thick proper to accompany their petition by awritten ccetituttcn, framed and agreed on by tbem in pri-mary aifemblier, or by a convention of delegates chosen dition ot the people of Kansas, ss described by an ereTwe winatBrittoaMaabrdpntoettonto totutitxaeins of theDnit*i States and the* property, « d , * « d d• S I pntotl. u•aiy v»e•**e•»»s of 'the taste* steiae frometasen or est aattoa en the hijh shije* dates for the Fntideney, do not give weekly sntortnm- by s«nh arremblks, 1perceive no legal objection to thsir a* lay ether Power*. mento. They hold a different hand and play according toSnob we* the cbancter of tbe government and the con-tant charges which it is said hotel keepers and othen are'mpceing upon the people. They pronounce the statementsing his mother, then living at Turin. Returning to thequarters at nicht, >n a deep enow, be scaled tbe walls, andfseeking the colonel, sued for clemency. The officer,touch-ed by tbefilialk>ve of the young soldier, toteroeded^and to keep down the small dry partistes cf data which ac-false, and say that no undue advantage will he taken of•horntodtopenaebiaduties,and to employtbem for delegate*andothenwhoproposeattendingtheConven- onlyasameansofautherticatmgthewillofthepeopleorsavedhimfromdeatb. Bisfather,shortlyafterthtoUc cumulate,intbecrevice*ofthepsvissT,andanbototeJ currence, purchased his discharge, and he set out on foot on the wirgaof tbe wind, whenever the lightest or hea-to Paris, determined 11 enter tbe Conservatoire. A firmwill overcame every obstacle, aad tn ten than six viest blow developes ttsel' Will the Common Osuaeilteeaea ef oar cruses* whwe peraoaa or 1 he may behove to he hi danger. Should Mr tion. They also state that ample accommodations wil., Ueretere, make of veu, en senior eemmaading be provided for all visiters. This assurance from peopleof proving the genuineness of their petition.Of the twenty States added to the Union since the adop- tion of the federal corstitution, eleven have been at- mined without a»y previous act of Congress authorising the formation of a constitution. Six oi these formed their constitutions snd State governments in pursuance of laws emanating with their respective Territorial LegSaturoaFollowing these precedents the people of Kansas pre- sent tbeir petition accompanied by a constitution, form?d tn porsuarce of an act of the Terri'ortal legislature, ap- proved by the Governor the 11th day of February, A. D. UC9, and ratified and adopted by the people at an elec tion be Id for that purpose as required by a&id law, on the first Tuesday of October last.power to do ro."witaers in his cfflcial despatches to the rVetWent of the United States, at tbe very time that Cor gross, by reason of the disagreement of the Senate to the House bill ad- mitting Kansas, refused to rtdress the wrongs of the people by supplanting their usurped Territorial govern meat by one of tbeir own formationk *ae«tow hestite feres ayyi eaeh that place, and he regard to state mente which have been made of exorbi- the constitution of a proposed State, Is of no importance tn the old Etatis, and a representative population greatermirsion of Kansas under tbe Wyandot constitution, and Thetameorder*weremattoCaptainFarragnt,comeach,tour$1,300each,two$1,2C0each,four$1,100YourCommittee,regardingtherightofthepeopleofaClark,ofMissouri,wi1makeaminorityr?portinafewsuccessfulwasMsinitialIntroductionoftheItalianCasinotttoexpectedwillbequiteanaffairInItekiod,aadytrypeople could be deprived of a right secured in the consti- tution itself, so long as Congress should refuse or neglect to remove such condition.tivals bnvccieated, not only In London, but throughout the United Kirgdom, the most enthusiastic feelings of in terestamong all c'asaes.exceedingly attractive programme, embracing some of t t j most popular nuneeaz of the great composers, to an- nounced for the evening.he died almost immediately after being extricated. Coro- teihepe contrlbwtodmoneyforelectionfeelinginthecommitteeMveryfavorabletothaischeme.officialproclamationoftheGovernor,whichtoheretoelectionforcharterofficenIstobeheldoaTuesdaynext,pttRce,waalavishinbischarities,andthrewhtomoneynerGambleheldaaInquestuponthebodyotdeceaa.dtolest,andaskedhimtofern**alistofname*, entered his protect agstost this, and sail he hal his knowledge of the fact that money was con-appendedandmadeapartofthisreport * sndallpartiesareconsequentlybusyiamakingprepa- somewhatfasterthanhemadeityesterday,whenthejuryrenderedaverdictefaccaientel death, aad recommended the railroad company to place a brakeman on each CMto tbe future.TBBTXXXXXXT Hots*CALABTTT.—We are informed thatbe statement to our issue of Thursday last that oneBrannrgan, a night watchman in tbe employ of the NtothStreet and Sixth Avenue Stage Company, refused the u*af a wagon to convey one of those injured at tbe fin in orty-fifth street to the Hospital, Is incorrect Then m o watchman of tbat name in the employ of the oompanv,Vtrfbeted to defray the expenses of the party in Penney 1 va-coironassiowAi PBOCSBDCIGS.The Senate and Bouse have been engaged on privatebills to day, sad accomplished little of public interest PCRCBASS OP W S B D B U ' S PRCTTING OFFK"E.attons for the event. Then a n three parties to the fieldA* to population, if there could be any doubt —the regular democrats, the independent or national de-on that point, your committee regard it as mocrats, an J the republican*. Each have nominated awaived by the action of Congress. A majority of both tkchei. Th* first held their nufication meeting in the bousea on the thirtieth day of April, A. D. 1858, declared 1 Hy Hall Park, on Thursday aagbv, The todeiiendeutt[From the London Morning Chronicle, March 171It is witb sincere regret we have to record tiia death oftbe universally popular M- Jullien, which occurred onWednesday evening to the neighborhood of Paris. Fornav Bo did sot know in very many instance* the Mr. Ford, House Printer, hackel by responsi- by vote tbat there was sufficient population within the held theirs last night There was a large crowd, sad con the getting up 9f a new series of concerts, upon which hecoerces from which the money was derived. Indi- limits now proposed for Kansas for it to be admitted as a tiderable enthusiasm prevailed. Several bands dis- catewlaecd tetnblabicg to tbe French capital theble parties, has puschased Wendell's entin printing slave State; and certainly that same population, increased viduals, who were active members of the corn- establishment, taking at invoice price rati estate and ail by two years' immigration, should be to the judgment ofcoursed music at intervals, bonfires biased, and sky rock- nlgb reputation he bad gained tn the course of twea'.y eta and blue lights aided in illuminating the neighbor- years in England, was too much for a temperament at ailmate ef which be was a member, procured contribu-It Is understood he intends starting a republican yap-.-r. and win advocate the Chicago nomination, preferring, however, the nomination of Cameron.TBB PUBLIC pacrrsn.Mr. Bindman, from the Bouse Committee on Public Kxpenditures, has a resolution which he will offer, to com pel Ford to answer certain questions relative to arrange menu which be made with the lobby and some country editon previous to his election ss printer, which Ford CASyour committee sufficient for a free State, unless Congress professes to establish one rule us to population for the ad- mission of aiavc Bates and another and different one for f r e e S t a t e s .hood. Phillip Lyman, of the Qeventh ward, presided, assisted by visepreaidenta from each ward ana several secretaries. Resolutions enJors.De the nomination of lit nrv Angus as Collector of Taxes aui Assessment*, Samuel Graham as CbmmiS8k>n«'r ot Repairs ami Supplies, aad Char Its Tincey as btreet Commissioner ware adopted. Addresses were made by B F Sawyer, Mr. Lawrence oftimes keenly sensitive and excitable, and toss of reasonwss the result. On Sunday Last M. Julben's first concertwas to be given, and the greatest curiosity and InterestprevailedthroughoutParte. Thatfirstconcertwasnever ndnoapplicationWMmadeattbeirstable*foraremotetoon* from outside parties, whose namesresorted to him. With the exception of money contribu- ted by himself, he was unable to state the names of the real and actual contributors. Be had stated the amountdisposed of by that oommittee as near as be could recol- lect, and declined to indulge to cxmtectarec as to the real swnrcea of the oontributi ins. The money was designed to he used in payment of legitimate expenses of election tnB r o o k l y n C t t y N e w s .Tax FtBKT QrsanoB—AM LIJI.VOTION BBBTRADTISG THSdrove him to England. He commenced his excellentpromenaneconcert*atDrurylane theatreatthesame L.Pchreiber,consta-phton;Mr.HenryAppy,violinist;journed meeting of the Common Council test night, the Clerk resd aa order of the Brooklyn City Court diroctiog tbe Board to show cause wby an injunction abouH not be issued to restrain them from using the $20,000 appro prtoted by the Board In secret session to aid toe passageperiod, asd from that time to tbe present his brilliant fes- Mr. Millard, tenor, and Mr. Samuel Melggs, baritone. AnAs in ibis oaee, •bouldfit be claimed tbat until a certainpopulation shall be ascertained by a legal census, no ap-pl-eatxnforadmissionoftheStateintotheUnionistobereceived,thenthepeopleofKansascouldbeexcludedso applicationofAlfredClock,oftbeThirteenthward,WL.J cametotbeUnitedStates,bringingtbenucleusofagrand regiment,WashingtonRifles,undertbedirectiono*Drum- long ss Congress should neglect cr prevent the taking of seta forth tbat be had learned that the Board had held an orchestra, which he organised on his arrival and gave a major Gold, made their del at yesterday afternoon before the census. Such a doctrine would enable a majority of extraordinary and unlawful session, and entrusted series cf monster concerts at Castle Gurden. Hat band two hundred invited guests, at tbe Eagle Drill Booms, Congress to nullify at will any of the guaranties of the $9,000 to tbe Special Committee on Ferries wherewith to p'ayrd classical music, pot pourrl's from the opera* and corner of Delincey and Chrjstie street*. They war* M - conetituticn. The people of Kansas, therefon, in present- bribe members of the Lsgalatun to vote for the One cent Popular a<is of the day, grand military marches—in fact stated en ibis oocasioa by the Washington Rifle Band, ing their applicant n for admission as a State into the Ferrisge bill; that he bad gone to tbe City Clerk, who a "tile of everything. The pot pourri, the polka, and twenty pieces, under the leadership of MODS. BabeL Union,havedonenothingbutwhattheyhaveanunbadrefusedtolethim(CluklusetheminutespiecedesensationwereJulben'sgloriesNolivingmanBothbandanddrumcorpsweretofulluniform.That doubted right to do under the constitution, and it to for could cot oiler people's ideas together so well as of tbe latter was very neat and presented quite a martial Congress to make such dirpoeitlon of it as shall seem to of said meeting, and he consequently prayel the Court to M Jullien. B% taet was wonderful. Witness tbe appearance. Tbe programme conshted of overture*,tbem just and proper. By art 4, sec. 8, of the constitution, forbid tbe Common Council from using moneys so as to '•Prims Donna Walts," tbe ••Katydid Polka,'' marcbes, weltr.es, polkas, Ac., by the band, alternatid • istBVaitoa of the treaty would place the Joans tee on Elections to day, in which he endeavored to show 'New States may be admitted by the Congress into any way to influence the action or members of the Legis- tbe arrangement if negro melodies and of national airs. by tbe performances of tbe drum corps The "Wash- saw01sa1111uponafirmfooting;hutthereteem*tobo thathewaslegallyentiledtotheseatnowoccupiedfrom ttisUnion.' ThepowerofCougrersoverthiswholesub- tature AldermanDaytonproducedasubsequentorder Hebroerbtbombs,gunsandallaortaofqueercon- ingtonBine*RubelMarch,"performedby thebendthe St Louis district of Missouri, by Mr. Barrett. ject is therefore plenary and unlimited. The acseptance of Judge Culver, directing tne plaintiff to show cause the trivanc*s into tbe orchestra, and made his men cheer at with drum corps accompaniment wss very well executed, •KM hope of the republican* allowm* it to pes*, for they or rejection of a petition for the admission of a State rests tbe patriotic psrtager. Bis manner of conducting wasoftheOneCentFerrybill. TbeorderwasissuedontheIn1868Jullien,then in thebeicbt of htopopularity,TBB ELEVEMH RsGnacrr Dsru Goitre EXBTBITIOW.—Thfl newlyorganized drumcorps attachedto the HerenttiTIIXGRAPETOTBBPACOTC. entiielyinthediscretionofCongressatthetimeofsuch(Saturday)morningwbytheinjunctionshouldnotbere-superblyselfassumed.Aratberhandsomeroan,withaandWMloudlyencored.Tbenewdnmcorpsacquitted•so shll persistent in their efforts to defeat it The Bouse Post Office Committee met this morning, and application. The questions to be considered on such moved. This order was baaed on tbe production of the bad under corsideration the Senate Telegraph bill to the application* are the conformity of its organization to the actual resolution adopted by the Common Council to, to whom was yesterday re- Pacific. They w e n unanimous in favor of government requirements of the constitution, the amount of its popu- secret session, and which reads as follows —figure inrlictrg to rotundity, tbe most wonderful of themselves with credit, snd will compare favorably with ccats, the most immaculate of waistcoats, and tbe very the best of similar organizations. It numbers fifteen loudest pattern of trowters, combined with snoh a facili- memberatarred the •pacta! aaasssgo oft he President, bare sot de-tarmtesd what course they will pursue. Tne impression tails. A sub-committee was finally appointed, coasistingty at msnipulating the baton as ordinary persons might At tbe conclusion of the exhibition, Colonel Homer Beet, a'|h for in vain, Jullien was a spectacle to himself.aid for a telegraph line, but differed in regard to the de-lation, and whether the majority of the people desire to •asolved, 1 bat tae Comptroller be, and be herebyto.directedhe admitted a* a Slate under the constitution presented; to Wautfer to tie ferry and water rlakiaaccount, fraoa anvif so, would the welfare of. the people of the proposed moneys it lbeTr*a«u;y unappropriated, a ansa sufli-ient t) And when hto grand coup was over, when the thecal wick, the commandant of the lleventh regiment, made a State, and the general interests of the whole country be defrsv all expendlturea which mav be saade or Incurred by the tit Wa>nt bas been brought to a miraculously effective brief aad appropriate address to regard to the teal snd promoted by its admission? The first and most Important special Committee on Ferry srd Water Bights In 'he matter of promptitude exhibited tn organizing the corps, snd tor of these inquiries is to determine whether the majority of cieap ferrtece now before tae Courts and the Legtolature, not clcre, the great man would sink majestically Into bis the proficiency exhibited by their performances an thatAlderman Dayton, In some remarks In reference to thematter, stated tbat members of the Legislature made nodenial of the charges preferred against tbem, that theyhad been largely paid to defeat the cheap ferriage bill—that money was necessary for the purpose of employing ter Garden, and continued there till the holidays, counsel and paying legitimate expenses, and that everycoat expended by the committee would at the proper time be made public, snd everything in regard thereto satisfac- torily explained. The injunction order was referred to the Special Committee on Ferry and Water Rights, with pester to defend the Common Council befon the Ctty Courtwben he made a provincial tour, and in the spring of 1864 returned to Europe Latterly it has been understood that tbe world has not rone well with tbe great conductor, and this fact probably undermtoded a brain not naturally very strong. Personally M Jullien was sn amiable man with a few foibles which were notYour Committee, therefore, deem tt unnecessary to in-quire as to the precise number of the present populationof Kansas, for if under ordinary circumstances therecould be any objectiona on that point, they bare, so far asKansas is concerned, been waived twice already by theaction of Congress. In addition to the instance first cited,the House of Representat'ves four y e a n ago passed anact for the admission of the S»ate, art the Senate passedOP' for the immediate formation of a State government inorder to such admnston, without respect to population.Since the first action 01 Congress the population bas more vtoe presidents and secretaries representing the dif-tban doubled, and has incnased very largely since the ferent wards were appointed. Resolutions endorsing the wss advertised in a morning paper, and which in a few WMdiscovered to be on fire, and the barber potioe boat last. nomination of Thomas W. Field as Collector of Taxes, Johh days amounted to a considerable sum, will, no doubt, be No. 4, which bad been in attendance during tbe wholebecomes sufficiently numerous to maintain a governmentof their own without Imposing upon them excessive bur-thens of taxation, and they are desirous of taking uponthemselves the responsibility of a State government,wby should not their request be granted ? and thus re-lieve them from a condition of Territorial pupilage, byprevent the exportation of specie. Most of the spec.» restoring tbem to their rights of self-government, of Metz. to perform the work for htm. Met* accordingly wbicb from tbe necessity of the case, they have beenThe same advices state that the disturbance in Chihua hua will probably destroy the trade with £3 Paso, anlof procuring a machine for casting types to be sent to was a native of Holstein, Germany, and had been engagedused by the United States government and Overland Mail Company has heretofon been drawn from Chihuahuapartially deprived; for, during tbe existence of the Terri- torial govtmment, the people do not select their own rulers, nor can they legislate without being subjected to the supervision ot the general government over their acts, their Govenor is appointed by the President, with a veto on all acts of tbe legislature, which neutralises the votes of two-thirds of Its members. The Judges who construe tbe laws are the appointee* of the President The people of a Territory, therefore, have no voice in the se lection of its executive or judicial officen, for they all hold tbeir positions at the will of the President While tbe government of every Independent people under our svttem Is composed of three departments—tbe Executive,the Legislative and the Judicial—the people of a Territory have no voice or control in the selection or management of either of these departments, savemade the machine, for which he received $100 from latacs. The machine was delivered it the month of No- vember, and oa the 6th of December, as Isaacs was cross- ing the Park in this city, he was arrested at the instance of Connor, by a man named Gilbert, and taken to the Se- cond ward station bouse, whence he was removed to the rumba and brought before Judge Connolly. On the 6th of December, Wm. C Connor appeared and made affidavitsS inst Isaacs. Mr. Pease, for the plaintiff, argued that re was not the slightest evidence to authorise the arrest and imprisonmentOn the part of the defendants, Mr Taylor ahowed thatHcuse, to to be M cheap and simple as possible. It to to seat 1,(00 persons, and the estimated cost is $46,006 for lot and butUiog Tbe seats are to be free to all, aad it Is hoped tbat the church will be supported by voluntary contributions. It Is expected to be devoted almost en- tiiely to tbe humbler classes, who have not the means to attend the churches of that neighborhood. Tbe congre- gation have subscribed to tbe limit of their scatty means, and now k ok to the liberality of tbe wealthy to proviuo tbe $20,0C0 necessary to finish their church.STABBING i m u n - T s o boys,tnamed Marion Stiner and James Height, got tote a demote in Grand street, sear Chrystie, on Thursday, wben Baigbt struck Stiner several blows in tbe face, closing one of hto eyes. Stiner, havingTHIRTY-SIXTH C9XGRESS. PIBST 9BSSION.S e n a t e *WASBIXOTO!!, Msnh 30,1860.BBBBAGB PUOB TBB PRBSrOBXT.The CBAIB laid before the Senate a message from thaPresident, to reply to a resolution of Inquiry nlative to the operations of the navy in Mexico and the authority therefor.Isaacs bad been arrested by Mr. Connor in self-defencesad to prevent an lnjurtoua appropriation of a patent forthe casting of types, which had coat Connor ft Sons the ex-penditure of much time and money. Messrs Connor hare make no suth charge. We understand, from the proper a knife in bis band at the time, and under excitement,he had familiarised himself with' the condition of ^ OCTt BBLATIOMS WTTB PABAQCAT.to the eouthera part of Oregon. Be was then Mr. MASOS, (dem) of Va,, from the Oommittee on •hat 80 tbe people of a Territory, even under thevast 1 mount of manual labor to saved Tbey were about to send some of tbe mscbrves to Edtnburg, to tbeir friends there, to be sold at $B0O each; but tbey received informa-and that there is nothing in the accounts of Gov. Ctm wound. He WM taken to tbe home of hto parents, sadminx which can reflect either on his official or hto personal character.people controls by his veto two thirds of the power ofStiner locked up in the aaurteenth ward station bouse to answer. The wound, it to thought, will not prove fatal. A colored man named Beaiamto Taylor, and a mant with the saagsfrails of the contest, and any person, Foreign Relations, reported a bill relative to assembling a Kansas Nebraska bill, are invested with only the one-third tion tbit there were men tn tbeir employ who wereConvention of Commissioners from the United States and part or the powers of but one of the three departments of treacbereuBly applying tbeir patent to a similar machinelast week an actor of tbe Vartettos Theatre, New Or-he eared act who he was, who should travel through that Paraguay, to consider the claims of the Rhode Island tbeir government So long, then, as the people continue for other people. On inquiry tbey found that Isaacs leans, struck snd knocked down Mr. Overall, one ot the camedMcDonald, got Into afight in a low grocery storepart of the State, would bo satisfied that a serious war Company, said oommisskmen to meet tn Washington and under a Territorial organization as now constituted, they bad got Metz, one of their employes, to make ecltore of the New Orleans 7V«e DtUa, wben tbe estenjied In CowBey last evening, when Taylor seised s cheesehad been carried on then for some length of time. Yon sit three months, the expense to be paid jointly by both are clothed with only one ninth part of the powers 3f hhn a machine, which he wsa also about gentleman retaliated by firing at his antagonist throe knife and Stabbed McDonald in the hack, infllct'nf a•said hardly go oat of sight of the barricades 1 that were raised by the whites to1 from the attacks of the Indians. Itfifty miles in one day, sad at the same hour, the was laid waste by the felhms-mea, WOSMQ and murdered. He would say hen that the at-by vastest officen of the govcrnmest, that "»»T the people of Oregon as having been1 of their efforts to defend them- •Pjlto Indians, wen wholly unjust•*•**°ft&tIudtoaswasapre»n * < « and uto same time in both• iBdton chief, had actlfted'Tsrtoh! «f their Meads that there was to be a general outbreakMr. Stout read at great length fromto stntato hit postooa, and hegovernment, this supervision results not only from the shown that about $35 worth of pieces of the machine hadAt tbe acquittal of Captain Wlteher, to Franklin county, locked op in the Sixth ward station house.totothe valla'"*Thomas M. Tryniski* «*t of the yearitswtetofirc wss probably as act ef malice.Cains ow TBB UrrxB MBBSMII 11 —The Lanabllshe* a statement made by General Pike, tbeLgram sgest for the St Louis market, concerning the amount ot grain in store oa the Upper Mississippi. TheC i t yP o n t i c s .governments. Be asked for the present consideration of the bill. It was finally toll over.IBB TBBATT WITH BXX100.The bill to further carry out the provisions of the fif toenth section of the treaty between the United Statesand Mexico, concluded February 2,1848, was taken up It provides for the Commissioner to adjudicate private claims under the treaty, then being a special fund in the treasury for pay big themAfter a debate it was laid over.The private calendar was token op, and tills upon it discussed the balance of the day.Adjourned.Home «f Represesuntlves.W Asaxveroif, March 90,1800.The Bouse considered the bills upon the private necessary consequence, must have a supervisoryendorses oa a letter that it • to be returned to hiss to*>•*» >ong befon thirty days if not called for. It shall be so done instead of Ia the case of Kansas then can be no doubt but thatthat the Indians war.the despatches of General Wool to relation to the being sett to the dead letter officea storage room, and the thrJ story by Mr. members ef Congress -Clay, of Kentucky: Thompson, ofHedkgktos, manufacturer of win for hoop skirts. Indiana; Mallcry, of Kentucky, Msyaard, of Tennessee;The firs wsa principally to the third story back Smith, of North Carolina, sad moat of the Virginia Con from a contused wound oa the toft temple Heided that Coastal Wool had failed to • ha duty, inefeaiafatto***** *»* •switojfailedtocsnsjsswehsiduty."***>*'• •»••* totttha enjy ihtof leftA number of private bills were Adjourned till Monday.TT»cAdmissionofKan.as.RETORT OP THB COMM1TTU ON TlhH I TORUS TO TBI Bocsn, THumaDAT, MAhCB 29,186Uupon Its people, so then can be no reason oa that account placed a small oil barrel and a quantity of oiled monl en the 12th of April.for continuing the Territorial organization. rafs, and after being Ignited the lid was closed down. Edward R. Peeslee. Professor of Surgery, and Charto*tbat death bad been caaeed by a large ctot of brood upon the brain, produced by the external injury cf the tem- ple Ivery effort WMmade to ascertain the name of tbeInto was to saaka tt astotheaeceatityofprowsottogaenenl rule, even If such role existed. Territories,madethefollowingreportoa Thegovernmentaaderwhichtheyhavebeetforcedto live, begsa with a depotism cruel snd bloody; established by armed usurpation, and marked la Its coatinnaaw by thenvotttogalroeittes tbat characterise savage wsrtan. emanattoff directly from the Territorial organisation orthat thewaruBkscwn Fromth* pssssaal aaycaraaca of deaeased, betosupposedtobarebeenaaIrishlaborer.ForsD DBOwxxr>.--Tbe body of A. Laac, a tastnef Frsnce.sged forty five yean, wat fooadfloatingm toeeave to refer to tbe de*pctehet of 6everaor Geary to the sad St. Paul. This statement was made some weeks ago. to to saett neat month ia that city sad appoint represen- rendered a verdict of "suppond drowatog" "**NoT»i» *at«mat#a Osm • m o u n t to ***** S t t h e ODCBiBS Cf BBV> tatives to the Chicago Presidents! Convention.. The pri wasaB*Muf%eturertfboottaati,Mddid www.fultonhistory.comBBTCBB OP m C A L l t D FOB IXTTSBS TOOa motion of Mr. COLFAX, providing that if any person tion of tbe frontier settlement*.la Forty eighth street, between First andHe wMlytegOB hto back betweenWMtoaeseible from ton ef bleed. Wben conveyed to the hospital it WM found that deceased waa snUeringThe Committee on Tent tores, to whom w e n refer- red the constitution adopted by the people ofthe fourth day of October, A. D. l»M,snd theTBB SrnACTJSB Kara a u o s Owvximo*.—Last eveningthe republicans ef the Twelfth, Sixteenth, Eighteenth,North rrnr, st the foot of Fifty fifth street, * * * T ! 1of theState into theConnecticut, Mr. McMacon of New David Far mooter and others.York, ex J d g eMorris,ow the schooner Joseph Baker, from Rockland, with n cargo of lime, and another vessel, WM ran into by the steamer Empire State, for Fall river, aboutfifteenminutes past five o'clock yesterday afternoon, cutting the J. B toAt the last session of Corgress Oregon was admitted as a Williams as Street Commissioner and John C 1> lryea as appropriated 10 his widow and family and to the expenses affair, procured tbe aerlstanbe of tbe steamtug Mercury,pertinent testimony under the resolution of the House ofstoyresentatiTcs to Its enquiry. I am not certain that I Jersey Legislative arrived here thto morning, and are State with a much smaller population tban that of Kan Commissioner or Repain and Supplies, wen unanimously attending his illness and death.wbicb spptied her steam purxps, aad put the fire sot.FIBS ix Cu-vros SiKixr— About seven o'clock last night a fire broke out in a wood shed, occupied by Moses H. Cedes, in tbe rear of 170 Clinton street Tbe flames quickly spread to the chicken house, owned by D. B. Tappan.in tbe rear of 15 Attorney street, and thence to the wood sheds of 13,11 and 9, and to a stable tn the rearbeirg handsomely entertained this evening by Senator ?as. The largest vote ever polled at any election tn Ore- adopted. Addresses werejmade by Gen H. B. Duryea, A.ent*." U . DOUGLASS.A REQllIM MASS AT ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL.A solemn requkm man wss offered on Thursday at 11 A. M., on behlsf of th* Most Revennd Archbishop ACTION FOB ALLIOBD FAL8E 1MTRBSONMENT ON THS Hughes, at St Patrick s Cathedral, for the repose GROUND OF TBB INFRACTION OF APATBN7. ef tbe soul of Matthias M. Matthteesen, of Staton MiKCB 29.— Samutl B. baaa vt. WOUam O. Conner — Island, who died at tea 00 the 22d of February4 on board tbe steamer Almogayar, from Havana forEdinburg, Scotland, and for tbte purpose be employed a workman tn tbe house of Connor ft Sons, by the name ofin mercantile pursuits in Hamburg, Germany, San.Fran- cisro, California, and this city. Though only thirty twov irtues bad endeared him to a large circle of friends.Personal Intelligence.Senator Maltory, of Florida, Senator Latham, of Cattforaia. and Captain Stone, of the steamship Arabia, an stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel.P. C. Calhoun, Esq , Mayer of Bridgeport, Conn., and President of the Connecticut Bank, Is stopping at the Everett House.Tbe CtetsWsdsea says:—Some black republican news- paper correspondent from Washington bas put in circula- the report that Governor Camming, of Utah, has made a charge in his accounts with the Treasury for tbe salary of anrivste secretary, when, as the correspondent alleges, be lias bad no secretary, and, consequently, can honestlyin the Legislative; and, even in this depart a patent for this new type casting machine, by which a quarter that the report to entirely destitute of foundation, stabbed bis sssaitaat to tbe back, Inflicting a severetbeir government, the balance being vested in the govern- to send to Edinburg, where they would be manufactured small bullets, one of which struck a bystander, the other serious wosnd. McDonald WM conveyed to tbe New ment of tbe United State s Until the formation of a State tc the injury of tbe American patentees. It was a,so took effect on tbe enemy, and the third proved harmless. York\Boej»1tel by the petto*, and Taylor arrested andpower vested in the general government by the constitu tion Itself, but to a great degree from the nature of a Territorial government and tbe necessities of the esse. The settlers of a new Territory, at thefirstfeeble to num bersand widely separated, have to contend with the savage and tbe wild beast lor tbe dominion of the wilder- Bess, and for a time, therefore, are not of sufficient num- bers, strength or wealth to protect themselves alone against the uncivilized influences that surround them. Hence the general government establishes a temporary government, appoints its executive and judicial officen, prescribingtbeir duties and limiting tbeir jurisdiction, paysallthesalariesandtheexpensesoftheLegtolature, fixing the number thereof and the duration of its sessions,been taken from Messrs. Connor s establishment. Oa tbe advice of counsel, Mr. Connor, therefore, caused Isaacs to be arrested, aa he was fully awan that the machine WMpatented.The defence to tbe action was tbat then was rrobahle cause tor the imprisonment of Isaacs, and teat the de- fendant wss rot instigated by malice.The Judge, baring charged the jury, they retired, aad there being no possibility of their agreeing last evening a staled verdict was ordered.JeiwajrCity laws.PBOBARLS ISCKSDUBY Pisa—Between ten sad elevenV a, last week, it is stated tbat sevenl hundred persons were present, and the verdict of the Court WM received with the beartiest demorstretions of approval by the populace, who escorted Captain W. from the place of trial to his residence. »The charge against lynch, tbe CHy Ctek of Mi'waukee. of forging city orders in payment rf the bill held against tbe School Department byjdenn. Chase ft Son oTthat &ty, w u tasenup on tbe 2$d last, aad after an emana- tion which WMexcluded the same dsy, he WMbound overin$8W0,andindetoultuMcommittedtojad. The numberofchargessgains;himtocine.TBB Sraxx Bru. m TBB PARK —The steel bell to the Park will be struck, by permission of the Fire IVoart--ment snd of tbe city authorities, st four o'clock thai after- nota, on Monday, April S, and Tuesday, April $.Ocanaaawa* Imojmaaaa*Scsnciox or Fori PLAT.—Coroner Jackman held ar> nquest st Bellevue Hospital upon the body of an unknown msn, about thirty fin yeanofsaw,whotoBapyuaadtt bavebeenthevictimaffoulplay. Aboutsixo'clockoa Cnulneid, oftonbuilds their roads, erects their public buildtogs, and, as aCsptate Jsrvto, the nmsaaader of the United States fleet off Vera Cms, wss one of those unfortunate men o'clock oa Wednesday night a tit ocsurred la the three wbo fell under tbe baa or the notorious "Court of In*the morning cf the 27th tost,. tbe Nineteenth precinct, foundpower over tbe government thus created. But tbi s supervision should cease at the earnest practical mo- ment consistent with tbe general welfare and the protec-story brick building Kos. 179 sad 181 Greene street, Jer- sey City. Thefirst floor ia oosupied by Messrs. Hatton ft Lacy, shipsmithB; the second story by Joshua French asquiry," which est several yean ago at Washington.Ex President Tyler, Governor Kite, of North Carolina;ex Governor Graham, of the same State, aad ths followingtot avenues.then to at this time sufficient population sad wealth to room where it was Boon extingaiabel. Ia Mr. French'* resfioial ielegation, have announced their Intention to lived but two Bonn after hto admittance to the institu- maintain a firm government without excessive taxation room, was round a largo box. to which had been fe present at the irauguraticn of the Clay statue to Bich tion A post mortem examination af the body showedIf there was a uniform rule as to population for new The dsttsge to lbs building by fin aad water wsa about A. Lee, Professor of Materia Medics, have resigned theirStates,andthatofKansaswastotsthantherequirednum- $*C0,uponwhichMeasn-Huttoa-Ugandanlasur- ProfessorshipsiaBowdataCollege,andtttostatedupon densaed,battoveto.Noevidencecouldbeadducedtober, yet tbe history of its Territorial government, snd the aace of $2,000 to the Merchants' taran P TM " / ! . 0 / geed authority that Prcfsasei Wsa. Sweeter will nesgn hto sbcwwr>bat Baooer deceased came by hto tojury The circumstances surrounding itt people,fromthetimeof laawYork. Mr.Hadskist'tonwas$680;andItostcf"llr. officeatthsexpirationoftbepresenticrm. jurywereoftheopinion thattoedeceased badb**athe their first settlement. would af themselves be sufficient to French $800: no insurance. The doon leadag front ths Boa. Chn. Scott, cf Tennessee, Major E. Johnson and victim of vtokBce, and rendered the followingrordtct—for la the Bouse, on Thursday tost, Mr. Grow, from the make their application for admission an exception to any street to the thirdfloorwere found broken open, and ttto Captain W. R. Shoemaker, U & A., are ia Washington. Death bytojurtesat tba bands of some person or personNtseteeLtb, Twenty first sad Twenty second wards, held•7. As to the character of •be Territorial government wholefiguresires aa aggrrgale of two hundred thousand elections st their respective headquarters for the purpose day extant;, o j » eoapteef bcatsaea. Ow*** *"**wpperttd and defended by those clothed with its aathori-imposed upon tbe propto of K»ns*s, yonr oommittee beg en*bets awaiting shipment at potato between In Crosse of choosisf delegates to tbe Syracuse Convention, which held aa toqufit epos the body of deceased, ^f*JLta*dUntitled DocumentVery few musicians af the present day enjoy a great**degreeofpopularitythanthataccordedtohi^allteaby completely. IfsomethingtonotdonespeedilytowardsDuke of Padua, which be converted into a grand aoUe forTunday next is assigned for its consideration Mr. balls and concerts tbat lonsr were tbe rage of Parte. So are to give a grand concert at the Cooper Institute, wht< 1at droustfcavebeen very profitable. In October of tbe same year he opened at Metropolitan Hall, now tbe Win-rome weeks past tbe exertion and anxiety consequent ondestined to take place. Two days previoisly M Jullienwas conveyed to a private lunatic asylum, haying exbibitei the worst phases of madness, and his medical attendants entertained no hope whatever of a speedy care.We have not ascertained particalars of hto demise furtherthan tbat, in corsequcnoe of some severe course of antiphlogistic treatment, the patient caught a severe collwhich fastened on his lungs, and terminated in lnflammation. M. Jullien * reason returned some hours previous the water's edge. She WMafterwards towed ashore on to hto decease, acd he passed away to perfect couscous Governor's Island by the steamtug J. L. Lock wood to nt'ss of what was passing around. The subscription which prevent her from sinking. After having beached her abaTBBNXWFXXSCHracH is Foi snaTrTH Pnasr.—The sew atibetimeof his death, his amiable character and rare Free cburch, in Fourteenth str«tt, opposite to the Operaen that occasion.COLLISION.—The steam tog J. D. 8ecor, while having ia outh Fulton New York309 Sreet130694th St 