 6NEW YORK HERALD.tion of a pnv U c ground which will be *•% ^i^ nus for these franchises, others to pay of beauty and .» i«y forever." anantUUant two mills for every passenger carried; bcencofjest*?:dayj^l'ybearsoatourimpres-but these offers the rural members, in their sion. thorough knowledge of the city, pronouncedCI B.W. rtMMS, «* *»pointed Mr. Samuel F. Barger, t f this city, to act ascommissioner under the "act for ascertaining andcollecting the damages earned by the burning ofthe Quarantine ^buildirgs.' The commissionersmmed in the act are, Mess; s. E. W. Leavenworth,of Syracuse; Ward flont. or Utica, and Peter B.Sweeney, of New York. The Board will organise people, and the political ranks everywhere^ that we have not space to enumerate them. ButBA WB.five sailing vessels arrived at this port yesterday— *»a ••it'vw't JBBBWWfWlf rvsi-tJ*ti"ttE5- 'VoTr^TTsrTjRMgPONDMJrCB, <n**M«|Mprtaiildeeper into iniquity at each session; every suc-trated such gross frauds on the empire that ontmt* at rtmr m b ywOur State Legislature has been stepping partment during the late Italian war, perpe-BBW BOWTRt B«W«TT.-HABXT BLAKE-POBBO-TWO fromEuropeanports,bringingnearlytwothousand &IABWAYBBB.THBAVRK rRASCAIS. H i Brett—ay.—La OBSDSBDC passengers.MB. POBBIBW- i.ts KMMIEBB* AJBOBBS.BROUOHAJTS THBATBB, *M Broadway.- AtAinr A.BAARUB'S AarXRIOAR BUSBirB. Broadway. -U IBALBA -JBABIB OBAJIS—uarBAB Or GBBBTA.BAlA5T«• RnrgTRBLB, _ Han, ITSBroadway- , Boaea. DABOBB, AC BvBABMtua OOBTBHriOS.BIBLO** SALOOB, Broadway.-aao. CBBBWT'S BIB- a u u o k r a , DABOBB, AB.-BI.ACK ETATCBOur despatches from Charleston state that the leaders of the Albany Regency delegation to the Convention ""were still in that city, laying .their plana for the Baltimore meeting.What the people now, everywhere, long for ties o f Leader*, Cliques a n d Convert* ia a political organization that shall discardllama.The breaking up of the democratic party atwhat saw will be reqairei to complete it A number of private bills were passed. In committee half a dozen speeches were made on the tariff" ques-the American idea in-tinctively repels sucb a theory.iu a few days and commence their labors.A full report of the third day's proceedings ofv. a%*»OvaroKauOowaaww—ii•ABB theMethodistEpiscopalConferenceatBuffalo,in-In view of the wholesale corruption that exist-ed from the commencement to thefinaladjourn- ceeding session takes one step beyond its pre- the discovery of his offence and the threat ofmjtvif.i fnm aayfaartar • / fAt «c*r«, if ami, trill 6« Raecaassa to SSAI. ALLLarrau ABB PACKehould exhibit an inextricable confusion andmlnglifg of parties. This is the spectacle thatis presented everywhere in the Union at thepresent time. T h e Know Nothing leaders were cal projects should b e kept constantly beforedecessor. The last, however, has taken a longstride. If the next commences where this left save his damaged reputation. Many English off,andcontinuesatthesamespeed,Manhattan andGerman,andevenafewofflatFrench islandwillbeturnedupsidedown:nospot, journals,notlongsincedeclaredthat,iftheser- however sacred, will escape their withering vants of the Austrian Emperor had kept their touch. Our citizens will hardly be safe in their faith, the victories of Italy—which covered the own dwellings. W e trust that the last memo- arms of France with glory—might hare been rable Legislature has gone fat enough to arouse very differently decided. A s an evidence of the people throughout the State, who will pre- the corruption of great gawernments, nothing vent the election of another thieving setto could bemore plain and distinct thanthisor- make our laws.±«Bl SBBV P»JTOAoriCKtmkmafHTMI» i&rWBTBITUMALD,FABIMTW«4o«<* cluding an interesting financial statement, may be/•AV»lPBJSTIHO.JUTV.ajfutuuujin ran Mvnmio.•KddV- Church of Canada presented their credentials, werereceived as members.of the Conference, and deli-displayed. The ultra pro slavery leaders have lost the great mass of their followers, becameroads, about which so much has been said, rank foremost in the jobbing operations of those pi-Charleston leaves its old political leaders in o o e r u rjmmrB.-BxBiBmoii o» PBAM'S OBIGISAL thesame position^as ttat occupied by the Knowfanatics and fallacies together, and, returningto the plain and impregnable theories of thefounders of the republic, proclaim a politicalcreed consonant in all things with the inherent struction of city railroads, and placing thebe consummated?Tbe same Senators will wear tbe SenatorialThe period immediately preceding the fall of the dynasty of Louis Philippe was remarkable for the discovery of a number of frauds-very'liama*. or BBBOOCBS or DBAIB-Attaruoou and BreaingVATtOIUL OOBCBBT SALOON, Rattans! Thsau-e. loaot, OABCBS,robes next winter. Since a majority of that similar to these—which were perpetrated onblack republican party are tending—one of QORXRR or taiRTgirrH STRRSF ART) FOURTH great doubt and perplexity as to what platformto ihe eventual overthrow of his tottering go- right stamp are elected to the Assembly. Shall vernment. The position of Austria at ihi- daythe next House be composed of honest and is far worse than that of France at any timeupright men, or will it be like the last—as during ihe re'gn of Louis Philippe. Bank-purcbaeeable a commodity as so many head ofvernment exists in Parliament or Congress,nor that such a body can delegate what it doesnot itself possess, nor that one State, or adozen. have the right to brand any political,municipal or domestic regulation of anotherand a sovereign State as a sin and an evilwhich must be abolished. Which is the Con Gecrge Law from buying the Common Councilvention, and which is the political party that and running his roads where he pleased,willtakethiB,theonlyAmerican ground itwasrushedthroughingreathaste. Itwas worthmentioning—fairlysetin. Afterwhat principle. Buthereshefailedagain. TheAVBlfDa.-<*u.irOBi«iA BBBAOBSIB.ATHSB.SUM. Bronfclya—MaMaaa at two ocUMk—OBO.CBIISTT'S Mirsiwait is STuiorsia 1SO.NI, DASCBS, Ae.TRIPLE SHEET.». I8*0'to present to the people.A new and a great issue has come up, fcrwhich the politicians were not prepared, and which has thrown all of them into the greatest confusion. A &ef of fanatical propagandists, seizing upon a moral abstraction, have for thirty years been clamoring for the abolition of slavery in the Southern States, regardless cf the results that may flow therefrom. From time to time the Northern politicians of the old whiganddemocraticschoolshavepanderedtoof the rights of self government, and of the gislature, as far as the city of New York is con- vast interests of this great and growing coat cerned. This move was the clearing away of rnunity. They will not accept the idea of the i ubbieh. the dredging of the channel, that their British teriea, that any inherent right Of go- piratical craft might have clear sailing. TheBhow it to us, and we will show you the party taken to the Senate, and the original Senate that the American people will entrust with the bill substituted for it, and passed after a executive powers of their government. lengthy struggle. The bill as amended was re-turned to the Assembly; the members, by thisTHE COTTON CROP AND THKCUARLKSTOX SKCBX- time having ascertained that it was opening aSION MOVKMKNT.—The break up of the democra- rich placer for them, concurred in the amend-rupt in her exchequer, and without the means of stimulating public confidence, with ruinous frauds being every day perpetrated upon her, it would seem that the star of Austria has be gun to set. Not long since the government, failing to raise a loan in London, where itsMow York, SataMay, **J lilLS FOR THE PiClFIC.OPENING OF TBE VERNAL SEASON—THE CEN- TRAL P AKE.—The metropolis put on its gayestBa-MTTotk Herald—California KaMtiomTIM mail rwamahip Norvhera Light, Capt. Tinklapaagb 1 this fanaticism to setve their own selfish pur-her own people on tbe Anglo-Franco-American they call in New England a spell of bad wea people have no confidence in the government,wlU l«Bra tnta port at c<xm to-day, for Aaptawall.Th« maili lor California and Other parts of the i'aciDcposes, and thus enabled its sophistries and ex- aggerations^"obtain a certain hold upon thether—cold, wet, and suggestive of rheumaticsin every breeze from that favorite quarter withinvalids, the East—we had a most delightfulday—clear, bright, beautiful and warm asthe middle of June. In the country the birdssang their morning lays with melting sweet- empire is on its last legs. Where the people,will etaaa at half peat ton o'clock, this awnting.TO* Kiw YORK WBBBXT HBBALB—CalHorola edtttoa— public mind. Stimulated by the apparentand where this is se it is conclusive evidence that the whole fabric, reared so carefully and expensively, is on the eve of falling to pieces.oonialaiBg the latest Intelligence from all parte of the success of the lanatics at the North, the South- war Id, with a large quantity of local and miscellaneous ern politicians"bave got up an equally extreme matter, will be ptibliabed at half past Bine o'clock in thepro-slavery fanaJicifm in the South, which theyi, to wrappare, ready Aw mailing, stz ceate. have from time to time played to suit their sel- AgeoM will phMae sead to their orders a* early as pos- fish designs. Both of these extremes claim forIt seems to us, therefore, that the AustrianBtBle.The lewi1 he European mails to the 21st nit, brought by theCongress the preposterous right of legislating slavery into or^ont of the common Territories of the confederacy. A s a eet-off to their fol-The passage of this bill fairly opened theness ; the trees put forth new buds; the flowersbloomed afresh; Nature assumed her gayest at- the existing government of a country, it is tire. In town the fashionable promenade pre- clear that the term of service has expired. sented a most interesting spectacle. Broadway What with robberies, violence and oppression,The Great Political Re volnt ion—Perplexl.names well known in European financial circles, Will the people allow this crowning iniquity to are more or less concerned in the difficulty.Nothing politicians, and to whicb those of the»team>Uip Canada, reached this city from Boatoa last lies, a third class of politician? have set up the condition as before. Now the issue is set fair evening. The principal portion of the news was fallacy of squatter sovereignty, assuming that, and square before the country, and there canpublished in the HERALDof Thursday morning, and as Congress has not the tight to legislate for be no resuscitation of the democratic party ex- the letters of our correspondents, given to-day, cept upon a platform guaranteeing the fullest aupply the details. The vote for annexation in the the Territories, the Territorial Legislature,district of .Vice was 24,441 affirmative, against which is a creature of Congress, possesses the security for Southern interests. If there are 160 negative. About 3,000 refused to vote right which its- creator does not possess, and any concessions to be nude at Baltimore orelsewhere, they will have to come from thetbe only thing left to be done was to find mem- night the trottoir, between Canal and Fourteenth emergency. When the rats begin to desert a bers enough that were ready to take passage streets, was crowded with all sorts and condi- ship it is a sign that she is about to sink. Tbe and assist in the plundering campaign. This tions of men and women, from all ranks of recent robberies of the Austrian government was the easiest part of the programme. The society, and all parts of the civilized world. by her own sons, on the same parity of reason- members were eo anxious to enter upon what The ladies, of course, attracted the larger part ing, must betoken an early dissolution of the promised to be a successful and profitable ex-their eoantry, the liberal party in Savoy is incor the short-sighted politicians in their net, and There never was a period when it was so wellwere presented and referred to the respective crinolinitiee in tbe world; and if they do not Alexander Von Humboldt to his friend Yarn- committees; but before they decided which was produce a stunning effect upon the spec- hagen. The book has just been printed at Ber-the most feasible, there was trouble in the tator, it is not because their clothesmptiDle: neither will it abdicate, but will preserve intact the principle of liberty of action and wil abstain from voting.revealing more and more clearly their revolu-able to stand alone. Thia year's cotton croplin and London, and will be given to the Ame- are inexpensive. If it is a question of crinoline, rican public next week. It is rather a curiousthat of the New York lady is the most expan- 'inside view" of official and literary life in sive; if long dresses are the rage, Broadway Germany and elsewhere, but is hardly worthcan show trains equal to those of Queen Eliza- all the fuss that has been made about it ia the beth: if it is a question of little bonnets, the papers. Humboldt has been represented bybelles of Manhattan are content with a wafer bis sycophantic admirers in Great Britain and on the backs of their heads: if the coal scuttle the United States as being only a little lowerhat comes in w e can show a fashionable lady than the angels, but his letters show that heNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, MAT g, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.Upon theae fallacies the political quacks and like of which never occurred in the metropolis 9 A I I S O R D O I B M 31 ST B X T ( tion, aod half a dozen other members were accord- the political fanatics, North and South, haf» before at the same time. It only required theOF BASBAB AXD WITON STS.M* *TA-Jf*.orS31»r•""Tl£ aBpJ.io«Mfpmri«/ frm*ed the privilege of printing tl eir remarks. endeavored to construct platforms and b u M Julge Metcalfe, of Richmond county, has ap- up party organization, to further their oamcoming of the Great Eastern to make this essen- tially a sensation season."kiting operations." and turned up their virtu- ous noses at them. The bills having the least protection to our citizens were selected from the large number' presented, and rushed through without the least regard to the rights of the city or any one eare their own pockets.SWINDLING IN THE AISTP.JA* Eni"*«iV-Not long sincewedrewpublic attentiontothe&*.[that the meet extraordinary frauds had been com- mitted on the Austrian government General Eylaben, one of the most prominent officers of the Austrian military service, entrusted with the superintendence of the Commissariat De-selfish and corrupt ends; and in so doing nothingis more natural than that they should get to Tt»e Piratical Leglalatareloggerheads, a* they have done, and that as one danger after another came up to the popu- lar view, they should be abandoned by theR a i l r o a a s .foundinanothercolumn. Atthemeetingyester- abandonedJongsincebythepeople,because thepeople,andtherecklessbandarrayedbe-daythedelegation£fromtheMethodistEpiscopal oftheintolerancewhichtheirpoliticaltheories forethebarofpublicopinion. Thecityrail-vered an address, as did also the Rev. Robinson. I B . U 9 Scott, delegate from the Irish Methodist Episcopal the people abhor their fallacies. The squatter rates yclept legislators. In those jobs the realencc, of which we give an abstract Petitions, me ABes»-Frtu> or TBBCLOTBor Got*. A f t w « aadBventag. morials and appeals from the various conferencesm i n i THBATBB, Bowary.-OaoMB BABBWBU.- were presented. As in the previous sessions, thefile, because it is beginning to be seen thatthtypractically destroy the rights of the peoplewhile pretending to maintain them. Themasses are rapidly falling away from the blackrepublican leaders, as Is seen in the recentelections in Connecticut, Rhode Island and Wis-consin, because they begin to perceive the revo-lutionary and destructive designs that animatethem. Thus the political leaders are beingeverywhere abandoned, and conventions andcliquesare confounded bythe instinctivead-herence of the people to the true theory of self- long struggle to capture richly laden mer- government, and the conviction that self go- chant vessels. They secured the AssemblyFAIIO—» B.WIBYBB saBimv,• atktt-e »» OK—LA loirs.WALLACE'S THBATRB, Breadway.-SCHOOL roaScAicTULL -SATBIBU. _ _ _ _ _majority of these petitions were on the subject of slavery, and almost without exception in favor of a change of the church discipline on the subject.An unusually strong flood of emigration has re.cently set in towards tie United States fromThe Eylaben case of malfeasance has scarce-LAURA UUUtrfl THEATRE, CM Bfoadway.-OoixBBB Europe. The steamer City of Manchester andAlbany last winter. Let those who have anyState pride, and who do not wish to see our ly subsided ere another appears in the town ofrepublican form of government pronounced a Trieste. The utmost consternatien has beenfailure by the crowned heads of Europe, caused among the merchants and public and our Legislatures a laughing stock men of that place, in consequence of theabroad, see to it that a different set of men are fact that a number of merchants and bank-hereafter sent to Albany, or at least that ers there resident are implicated in the none of the plunderers of last winter are recent Austrian frauds. • The names whichreturned. These railroad schemists have one have been made public, as those of parties con- more bill which they wish to get through, and cerned in this monster fraud, include some of only failed last session for want of time-that the most prominent men in that part of Europe.is, the consolidation of all the little gridirons The Rothschilds, Mondolfos and Landaiiers,Church. The rules were suspended for Bishop sovereignty doctrines are losing their rank and nature of the men stood boldly forth, and theirJanes to read the Bishops' address to the Confernatural propensities were fully exhibited.camp of of the head pirates, growing out of the division of the anticipated spoils. The Assembly committee finally reported five bills, and declared it their intention to attack theThe r«*p)y of Austria to the Swiss note of March 19 has been remitted to the Federal Council, and is reaaMHiDg to Switzerland.tionary and destructive aims, until the common amounts in round numbers to 4,500,000 bales, la Germany the question oi the constitution of seme of the people has been aroused by the of which 4,200,000 have come to marHesse is exciting considerable attention. dangers towards which they are being led, ket. This is a larger crop by 750,000 balestmiied at N aplea.The undecided fight for the championship stillto lead the fashions. vieway^p|*jBierican politics, upon which, like It is a fact, however, that in these latter dayB nearl|l%n%aheGerman savants. Humboldt seems the glory of Broadway has, in a measure, de- to have been utterly uninformed. In all this parted. Where are the stylish fellows who can correspondence we can find no good wcrd forcontinued the all-absorbing topic of the day. The friends cf both combatants were earnest, in theirand a conservative reaction has begun in than was ever before produced in a singleIt is said that the Austrian government is think-ing seriously of opening fresh negotiations with the public mind, which is leaving all the year. In money value the yield represents metropolis at that number of points and carry Home. iu cider to obtain the reversion of certain politicians and party leaders in perplexity and about $250,000,000. and as the other crops off their prizes. This was the plan of Thurlow clauses of the Concordat, which cannot be carried at loggerheads as to tbe best platform and the have turned out proportionately abundant, the Weed and his band, which left out in the cold into practice without prejudice to the rights of the most expedient cry to present to the masses.temporal power of those of the members of otherreligious sect*.The four presidents of the committees for theannexation of Northern Savoy to Switzerland fathers rebelled in 1776. All that the Britishhave piotestcd against the voting which is to take place in fcavoy.ihe revolution in Sicily would appear to be pro-Kitssing. News received from Swiss residents atmanufactures, and its enormous command of Senate committee. This mammoth concern was capital, it can easily become independent of rushed through tbe Senate with speed unheard the North, if it chooses to give greater de- of in legislative matters, helped along, it is velopement to its industrial resources and said, by a Hobin Hood distribution of some foreign trade. The Southern delegations, sixty thousand dollars, besides nearly everyis cousin-jieiman to that of the divine right ofkings, and equally obnoxious to the Ameri therefore, in their action at Charleston, Senator voting for it having a next friend ascan people. If Congress can. from inherent had no misgivings to perplex them ae an incorporator.Naples aLriounces that the revolt had spread overthe wiole Maid. The embarkation of troops c n- rent to the parent government.'' This theorySouth has more reason than ever to feel con- George Law and a large army of lobby tented and satisfied with its condition. Whilst men who had gathered around, with mouths the West is still suffering from the depression watering at tbe smell of the steaks. Law im- caused by the panic of 18.'>7, the South has all mediately held a council of war at the Delavan, the time paid its way. and now the super- where were assembled all the disappointed abundance of its crops renders it more than lobbyites. A stratagem was then devised in the ever prosperous and rich. With its immense shape of a mammoth gridiron, which they man-tories ever claimed was the power that is now yield of raw produce, its younp but promising aged to secure the endorsement of by thewho has retired to a seclusion as profound asthat of Charles the Fifth of Spain. In everydepartment the metropolis must be above andbeyond all rivalry. Chestnut and Baltimoreand Beacon streets may, if they please, follow,but only at a respectful distance. Their hoopsmust be smaller, their bonnets not BO cavern-ous, their flounces not so voluminous, as thoseof the metropolitan belle. They are satellites of Prussia; a bitter letter about Princ« revolving around the goddesses of Manhattan,The people already feel instinctively that the claim of an irherent power in Congress to le- gislate for the Territories is the same claim that was set up by the British Parliament a hundred years ago, and against which our fore-had all the failings, petty jealousies and ego- tism of his order, and that the mind which was comprehensive enough to survey the won- ders of the natural world was also -mall enough to descend to tbe petty gossip of a no- toriously mean court. Among our extracts will be found some allusions, not over charita- ble, to Humboldt's firm friend, the Kingclaimed lor Congress by abolition and pro- slavery fana'.ies alike, " the rightful power of Parliament to legislate for the colonies as inhe-Alberts an attack upon the Emperor and must be contented to imitate rather than of vnB French, and some very curiouslionakes before the season la over. Every branch o f retail business must b e materially benefitted by theae three great excitements, thesons offered to pay the city a large bo-power, do one thing, it can do all things. If it to the results of the course which they The passage of this bill by the Senate causedclaiaisol aupeiiority, and although both men say can abolish slavery in the Territories, it can felt it necessary to take. They had but one a wonderful consternation in all directions; the remember when the promenade extended as far the United States generally, and but two Amethey are anxious to renew the gladiatorial cotest,we have good reason to believe that another meet-link to bind them to the North, and that was House lobby hoisted the white flag, and a com- equality of rights and protection. This denied promise was soon effected, whilst the whole them, they found themselves without a motive band, Senate, Assembly and lobby, united to- for the connection. They argued that a part- gether in one grand buccaneering army to take nership, in which all the capital was furnished possession of the streets of this city. A newas Trinity, or even to Saint Paul's—yea, verily, ricans—Prescott andFremont -are well spoken to Chambers street? Now-a-dajs very few of. It is probable that Humboldt, who. thoughladies walk iu lower Broadway. It is given up an egotist, was no fool, was thoroughly disgust- to trade and the sight-seers from the provinces. ed with the fulsome praise which some Ameri-The Central Park is now the great rendezvous can "travellers" lavished upon him so liberal- of the polite world. The grand promenade is ly. The extracts wherein Humboldt describes now in the best order. A sufficient amount of the princes with whom he associated on inti- road has now been opened to make a continu- mate terms will be entertaining and instructive. ous and lengthened drive, quite sufficient for a They show that subjects aa well as sovereigns couple of hours' enjoyment, either before or can be ungrateful.after dinner. Tbe main drive leads directly tothe Observatory, on Bunker Hill, which is the ANOTHER VICTIM TO OI B POLICE Kcuii.t- present rendezvous for pedestrians, equestrians TIONS.—Verily thete are buty times with the and carriage people. Here one may survey, Coroners. Every day they are engaged in some not only the whole area of the Park, but the five or six investigations as to the cause of vio- great city, extending far away six miles, lent or mjsteiious deaths, but very rarely to where the Hudson and East rivers with acy satisfactory result There is a new mingle their currents in the noble bay. or, on the mode of death from mysterious causes or,Lynch,torthechampionshipofthefeatherweights,jattributeshavebeendelegatedtotheifthesplitinthedemocraticranksistoleadtosageofthesebillsinregardtotheamountotherhand,tbeprincelyresidencesandruralperhaps,wemightcallithomicide,nowin As previously stated, Lynch was defeated in this • State, under a constitution devised, limited the dismemberment of the Union, upon them promised to the members, the sum many times villas which dot the upper part of the island, vogue, which ot late has called for» the assist-ing wi!l not take place. In the House of Commonsa *picy debate took place in regard to resist this claim of inherent power in king orthe moiaiity or brutality of prize righting, which Congress that the American principle was pro-establish a Territorial church there, a military government, and even a monarchy. It was togrew out oi the Heenan-Sajers tournament. The claimed, that political sovereignty is inherentreply fn ru a ministerial member savored of par- in the people, and that one people or political on one side, and all the arrogance and dictation division of the anticipated spoils was made, andon the other, was not worth continuing, and the band started o u t The seven gridirons they therefore felt justified in taking steps to were first passed in the Assembly, withont one put a term to such an unfair and unequal con- member in ten knowing their provisions, or dition of things. The sounder elements of the whether the cars were to be drawn by horse or democracy will back them up in this course as steam, a member from the rural districts, who the only one calculated to restore union and dis- professed perfect knowledge of our city, being cipline to its organization. That the South do the engineer. With great haste they were not intend to recede from it is plain, from its fix- taken to tbe Senate, and there, in due time, ing a date for the meeting of its delegates at Rich- rushed through and hurried off to the Gover- mond a week prior to that of the democratic nor, who tried the patience of the piratical Convention at Baltimore. This has been done crew, big and little, by his slow movements.tiality for the honorable institution'' as more pre-ferable to -ettle differences than by the use of the.tilelto oi other murderous weapons. The presi- Acting on this idea, carried to an impractica-dent of the railway company that furnished the ble extreme, the squatter sovereignty doctors t\cu'..->ion train* made his report to the referee, \and the amount ($10,000) was divided between the j present a fallacy which the common sense oflailwav company and the two combatants, the for- Bier receiving cue half, and the latter $'2..VJI) each, the mone\ having ><een paid over.Appended to our compilation of the new s respect ing the *o 'ailed international contest may be found a ful1. report of the tight between Young:the people repels with an equally instinctive ; am action to natural rights. It ha been in- I stilled into every American bosom, byprecept and by practice, over and overagain, that political sovereignty residescommunity cannot rightfully possess the sove- reignty of another.in the people, and can exist in the StateShaw, an Englishman, and an American named \ only when the sovereign rights, powers and purposely to prove to the Northern section that Various rumors were afloat during the pas-affair.yesterday afternoon, stated that the announcement i THK COMING SENSATIONS IN* THE MICTROPOLIS.— that the Canada did not leave Halifax till midnight ' lies dormant and in abeyanse. and the commu- We perceive by the statement of the actingbeing a fabulous one. A majority, however, it Is stated, were secured at a low figure, a fa- vored few that could act as brokers for others, or otherwise influence the votes of members, receiving the lion's share, they boasting that they made their bargains at headquarters. It is reported that hundreds of thousands, includ-approved and adopted by the will of the peo- will rest all its responsibility and guilt. A despatch from Boston,published in the papers ple. Until this has been done the sovereigntyfrom Elm Park to Harlem Bridge, with the ance of a coroner's jury very frequently -that wooded heights of Washington, backed oy the is death from neglect in our city prisons. An frowning palisades, to give strength to a pic- inquest was held yesterday upta the body of ture which might otherwise be thought too soft a man found dead in Jefferson. Market Police and over sweet. Court prison, making the third or fourth ca*enity is but an inchoate State, in which the impe- to secure Morriasey from rough treatment oa his }rious necessities of society are satisfied with arrival. She left Halifax at nine in the evening, j municipal regulation for the common good, and arrived at Boston at six, when no one expected 1 r very Immigrant comes into th-> new commu-her. A large police force were ordered to be ht ' nity with the rights and obligations of the Stateon Wednesday was suppose! to have been made iMayor to the Board of Aldermen at their last meeting, that the proprietors of the Great Hast, ern have officially notified the city executivethe wharf to preserve order. U was akso stated that Morriasey got quietly ashore and left in the morning train for Albany, to the great disappoint ment of the "roughs." Thia was a deception to 1RTMtheattentionawayfromMorrisaejhere.He Arrived in thia city by the New Haven train yester-i from which he came. His citizenship he brings with him: if he dies leaving property in his former residence, that 's administered under the laws of theState; hispowercrew.The Governor, after deliberating eight days• within bis family flows from State le- gislation, and rot from Congress: his Bath houses of Congress were in session yester ' wife does pot vwte: his *on does notwasHydeParkandtheBoisdeBoulogneover undevouredbythehorribleverminwbichar*»day afternoon.day. In the Senate a memorial was presented inherit, and his domestic servant or slave Is not country. Even the watering places will beallowed to infest the prisr,na. and r e n the hos-that the monster ship will make herfirstvisit ing stock and money, were paid to the piraticalappears, was arrested on a aharge oi intoxic t- tion, and conveyed to a cell hi this dL-mai abod* of rats and frail humanity, where he was soon alter found dead. In this, onse, how»vrr. weto New York. Thus we shall have three greatlocal excitements in the city during the summer— the artival of the Japanese Ambassadors,the visit oi the Prince of Wales, and the appear- and vetoed all others. But the legislative pi-anceofthegiantofmaritimearchitecturein rateswerenottobecheatedoutoftheirprize our harbor. With these unusual attractions we by that dodge. As they were not to receive theiria material wealth, and progresses in all thearts and refinements of life. No better proof ofthis could be had than that which was affordedby the scene at the Central Park yesterday. It believe the body was dotiveved to the cuunermay expect an inpourlng of the curious and lovers of great bights from ail quarters of thepay unless the bills became laws, to lose the snog sum that they had counted upon by the action of the Governor was more than they werecannot approximate our Park in the beauty andvariety of its natural scenery and surroundings. prisons should be so infamously loose and in-The roads, walks, grounds, Ac., arehuman? Here is another reform which our tween the United States and Great Britain, as re mines the political status of the male and female sailed on all sides, his course criticised by the in the best order, and the administra. new Police Commissioners should at oace attend gards oor coBMBeroe with Canada, is carried out. sitory population of the city were increased by leaders, until the shaky members were strength- tion of the Paik, viewed externally, seems to. The law awards due grades of punishment The paper was referred to the Committee on Fo- members of every family. The abolition or the nearly half a million of people during the com ened, and the gridirons were passed over his to merit all praise, ard we believe that the for intoxication, larceny and other crimes forfroge the lioaid of Trade of Oswego, complaining free, except as the laws of his State determine.drained to swell the flood of sight seers in the willing to submit to. The Governor was as-of the manner in whieh the reciprocity treaty be- The State constitution, snd that only, deter- metropolis. We should not wonder If the tran-Rign Relatione, Several private billa were jiaaaed. i establishment <* -davery is an exercise of the and after a brief executive aeaeion the Senate sovereign power, and tide cannot be rightfully•djewrnrd. la the House a call was made open •^""Ptod before the State constitution is form | tike President for reformation respecting the _ " U ^ ° M b * w «eroieed, a sovereignStems* floating steam battery fee harbor defence, power would reside in the Teiritory separateing season. This immense influx will of course veto, with plenty of votes to spare. city of New York, in this public promenade, so whieh offenders are lodged in the prisons at- stimulate all kinds of trade immensely. The The legislative scenes connected with the delightful and eo popular with all classes, from tached to our polios courts, but we nev<»r hotels will be crammed, Broadway will present passage of these bills, at first and over the Go the millionaire to the beggar, has done a work knew that the pualshment of death was uiete* a denier stream of crinoline and unbecoming vernor's veto, are a standing disgrace to the which was not only required to place the city out for such transgressions. It is the dat7 of bonnets than ever, the theatres and opera houses | State. Prom their first inception *A their final fairly upon a metropolitan basis as comparedIn coarse of construction at Hobokea, hew mack anobey has abeady been appropriated for it, andand apart from that delegate by the people through a formally Bdopud constitutio., andUntitled Document the Police Ccmmiaslonera to ascertain who i§ t >will reap a golden harvest,and as for the mil j consummation, the leaders In them "wntnun-to the European capitals, b u t what is of more consequence, it has commenced the construc-blanje in these casen^whether the keeper* ofliners, they may almost expect to becomeail-1 scrupulous in the extreme,A number of per-Thomas M. Tryniski309 SFulton New York 13069outh 4th Swww.fultonhistory.comtreet.« the Citj The schemes of the plundering band that as-sembled in Albany last winter are so numerousment,itisimportantthatsomeoftheirpirati-condignpunishment,heresortedtosuicidetoThe gridiron lobby engineers presented themselves at the legislative halls and entered upon their plans before an organization had been perfected. Their hands were visible in the formation of the committees and other minor arrangements necessary for the success of their plans; in fact, they took as much pains in arranging the preliminaries as a band of sea pirates would to fit out their vessel with provisionsandammunitioninpreparationforaIt is time that something was done to pre-vent the repetition of the scenes enacted atganized system of peculation in the Austrian Empire.committee to suit their taste, but failed In the Senate, owing to the fact that the Lieutenant Governor was not pliant enough to become their tool.Hardly had the legislative wheels com- menced moving before a bill was introduced in the Senate, by a Senator outside of the city, repealing the law of 1854 relative to the con-body Is owned by the gridiron jobbers, itidea of the American mind, and eonsertatire control of these valuable franchises in the Le- makes it doubly important that men of the tbe government; and these wore the precursorsveined States, having different social organiza- tions, can exist and prosper in political coav federation.cy at Charleston has given but little concern tothe South or to the friends of Southern interestsThey regard it, on the contrary, as the beatthing that could have happened, for a compro-ments without stopping to take breath, and the Governor placed his sign manual upon it be- fore the signature of the Speaker was dry.as tbe source of all power, refuse to supportSenate committee refused to report this bill. Another was introduced in the Assembly that placed all control in the legislature, with the consent of the property holders. The House committee reported it forthwith, and under the plea that it was for tbe purpose of preventinga r et ob emise from the defection of a few of the slaveStates would have left matters in as unsettled a way and cleared their path of all obstruction; was in its best aspect From morning till Austria has sacrificed her people to a vileTbeae latter call themselves the liberal par {-consequently could not possibly confer upon i tty. and have published a declaration, in Under the cloud of sophistry with which North.which they say. between the kingdom which theee party fallacies have been clothed, the fa- The South is strengthened in this position by Numerous plans for stealing these franchises we do not say better, than any other extracts from the private correspondence of rejecta and the empire which takes possession of n-itical propagandists have gone on involving its unprecedentedly flourishing condition.pedition, that they could hardly wait for an in- vitation.the|r own sex, although for totally differentupon these bills, signed the Ninth avenue grantinto one, making a monopoly of that concern.cattle?by tbe people at the ballot box next No- vember .Thesequestionsansweredattire yesterday, when the spring season, or credit was lost, tried to obtain assistance fromrather the summer—for we have no springof observation from the opposite as well as empire.Ax INSIDE VIEW OF HCMBOLDT.—We have reasons. New York ladies dress more, given in another part of to day's HERALD someof a similar kind,if we mistaia not. which ha* the Western World grows in extent, increases occurred in thesame place. The last victun.itWith each revolving year the metropolis ofagain, to far as the gay equipages were con-cerned; but the London and Paris promenades pitals, of this Christian metropolis. Is it not adeep disgrace that the discipline of tbe city  