 %^eajn, M this bill. Some <* the Senators are claim rtpobhera orators at may be designated by the Ooimm- with a very heavy tea, which bated ton houra tad a teeonPublicMeetings,betoTtedtoaddretntbeCom-A communication wat received from Captain Trumbtil,oftbeEighthprecinct,askingthathtostationhooaabe undertbestatuteof1816,eh.428.whichprovidesthat andtooktheseatsreservedforthemuTtoebodyoftb,10NEWS HUM THE STATE CAPITAL.The Mammoth CItjr Railroad Bill— P»«*A meeting of the Executive Committee was held bat EipisoAttoasafoaatars••TtoatjJtnatraBt- eveningatNo.fitBroadway,fortbepurposeoforganNa-The Metropolitan PoliceThe absve Board held their regular weekly yesterday afternoon President "tilrmnrIntbj Cemaaantoaera Bowea, Stranahan, Bailey, Uahoefter, tad Mayors Woodaad Powell prstealAlter the adoption of tha minutea of the previousmeeting, OommtesionerBaileytofleredaresolution,whichwasadopted,directingtheCommitteeonRulesandRegulations to have the surgeons of tbe force detailed to certain dkdricts, in order that their services may be had at a moment's notice, great complaint having been made that when they were moat needed in case of taeMaat at any station, they were never to be found. It also ap- pears that a Urge amount of money baa been expended for senices rendered by outside physicians, during theImportantDactat•Incendlarlsm Coamtjr.l a(TUB MEDICAL IK8TiIaJTE8.te.t AgaUztat t a e Acttom o f U « aeatat* —Steamer Crcead r a t Bawatoto—mttftj fmsrsfartsmaSpamlahVlrtartaai rocco-Hc«lth stntlTrade »*»•* TheInitedStatesmailsteamshipQuaker C^.utfaamSbuleldt, arrived off thto port yesterday moraiiif at two o'clock, from Havana.days and twenty^ hoora, being a very V**TM*TM Havana at this season. The weather d^tof * • * j y hadbeenqmtoptoatantoptolO>»P.M. of the 8th last, when a heavy northeaat snow storm waa encountered,The fifty third annual commencement of 'w|^ltojjs oi IhystcaaaandSurgeons,widthtookpaceonTharaday eveningtotheRer.Dr.Parker's church,comerofTwenty second street a a d Fourth avenue, w a smore than usual Interest Ncdwtthstaadtog theone o r mency of the weather, quite a numerous " ^ n m waa present, sad oae glance at the waiting aeaemb'y aahrdedtlaoBUI—TkeWowTorkTa»Lewwv-TIia Railroad Tolling BUI '.• theOCR "rECTALwas carried declaring these gentlemen unanlioousiy elect-road bul yesterday pasted akeaat » stoeptesa eight, a s mittee, then submitted tbe following resolutions:—U*„ ejei ptotoJy •*""d " * • " » - ^ * dsetded re- ResOed, That this committee recommend thatthe next T«rM i* takaw P1"e* »*•**> °** ***** ****J* toBows meeting of tbe Young Men's Bpjmblkan Osntoal Commit-tiff wsa not apprised of aay threat or attempt to destroy wanting in fair friends to congratulate tbem os reschtog, past year, which, to reality, should hare been performed or injure hto property. The defendants demur to the tte student's goal, and cnoourage them u thebestontoen e t IrspJticThe exercises of the evening were introduced by•« to constitute a cause of action Thto action to broaght overture from Dodworth't band, during the per formaoce of which the graduating class cateredMteybaadonetoeaethtaajv/rong,andexpectedtohere it ej] daroerTeotyped in Vje HHULD. NO aooner had it reactedherethanm i jeagerly soughtalter,andcopies were pl«ty around lb- j circle of the Hecate.byvorustorysubscription. ,,.,.,. ..,.., whichwasaddedontbe 3dthearrival oftheSpanish Reeotvcd, That this committee w**^*!*^!??!? mall steamer Europe, with newt to the 8th ult. fromw a sappointedGeneral Superiiplaint that be did not aid to) assist, or permit tbe destruc- & * f r J?** * " ***« » York Hospital, and DrsTThe follow tug protest of two Senators against the to invul republican speaker, to * ^ ^ ~ c h TM ^ £ | snd that the Committee on Finance b e requested t o r a a escars* adopted by ' ae majority was then presented;— by mbf criptlon the necestary expenset.quite pleasant.Business bad not been active. The sugar market wsa favorable or advene to their claims, together with allda\es for the Jegree of tbe doctorate were •recanted u\ due forrd to Dr. Delaneld, President of tbe Cottage, by Prof. J. C DALTOX. He announced that the geaflca-nWe, the undent ,ned, Senators of the State of New York, Mr. Sraxaa, to urging these resolutions, remarked that deemag it a uaty which wo owe to ourtwlves, to«f tbo deaf and damb and blind.Havug been denied thto information sought, and not received one or two hundred dollars for lecturing in thisMayor: Ac, against Lloyd (1 Selden, 360}, the Mayor, he.,against Huston (6 Selden, 163), are others cited in thoseesses are in point to show that such actions may b e main-tained for negligence causing damage. And Wilson against Maaachuaetts ; James L. Little. Kings eouaty, N. Y. the Major, Ax., (1 Deaio, 606). It important to thoa that Thomas K. Marcy, Kings county, N Y ; Eisktoe tfatoa,ticle in tbe Saw YORK BEXALD on the Seventh Avenue river. Railroad bill. Several others also denounced the articletended husband. occasion the venerable President who had sailed many Tbe Judge granted the writ of habeas corpus, return- yeais on the sea upon which they were about toaa false.Mr Box endeavored to get a protest against the sameFATAL CASUALTIES.—Coroner O'Keefe yesterday held an and pasted on. When returning up the Alameda no notice inquest on the body of Bridget Carr,an Irish woman, was taken orthe soldier. The two ladiet and the gentle- thirty years of age, who died at the New York Hospital, man bad, however, only passed tbe soldier a few pacesreached New York. Upon inquiry they finally succeeded In finding that tbe young lady bad an acquaintance in Eighth avenue, where, about six o'clock tost evening, theable on Monday morning.P e r a o a a l I n t e l l i g e n c e .launch. He met with pleasure the numbers of the faculty, end hoped their ranks might long continue on broken. (Applause ) He was happy to greet the friend* wbowerepresent,andespeciallytheladies,uponwhoaauty to twenty five thousand dollars. The supplies for street known aa the Merchants' Exchange, have been en-let form tbe Annual Register of the Executive and Legisla-tive Departments of tbe Government of Massachusetts forI860, from a copy of which w e learn that the "great aadgeneral court' is made up asfollows:—Farmers, 86; mer- ral kingdom, the air, tbe ocean—all naturenod cleaning public offices are raised to forty two thousand dollars. Tbe expense of tbe Investigating Committee of the Common Council on polka matters in 18&6 is threedeavoring to induce tbe members of the Corn Exchange, at theornerof Broad and South streets, to abandon that place and to meet at tbe above edifice They offered to alter the skylight or tbe dome Joeer tbe rotunda so as toall their money, and finally succeeded in reaching their acquaintance In Eighth avenue. The young girl baa a very intelligent appearance, but is very determined in her conduct. The boy did not like the idea of being locked upspreads before bim Ler stores, snd mite* hia to select from them that whicb is best adapted for the bearJog of disease. He tuns bis consideration to the wonderful mecbanifm of the human body: or mor.', he studies max,The Boom took a recess before any question was takena tbe Railroad roll bill. Tbe wmMltiimtoa of the bill are concerned, in keeping it where it to. The charge raa resumed at the evening station. Pending the que«- to its members to $15 per annum. The old Exchange M, a mottoa wan made by Mr.Muxnour to recommit theFEAXKIIH, VBYAKOOCo., Penn , March 2,1860. Being at present in the famous oil region, I have collect- ed a few facto in relation to the wonderful discoveries ofburn up hit wife. It teems that on the night in question tbe Senate to my case without reading i tGEKMAI—ll you make such aa assertion you state what valedictorian took an eloquent farewell of tbe Preaident,add inatructtons for taxing all of the State on their satmade a •peach ia favoroil here, that may be of some little interest to your sateep, and then set fire to it Fortunately thesmoke and cane to strike the General, but was too stow for hto oppo-f,, W T O r tDcjair B*H^*2?"«^ ** • <* * reootJBtaiaal ofooatiinjttodtherttomptrtwlfemu^t« r a t ^ tsg^titsr shejesaswe^ •nnld bo encusaeasl.the Stow York aad Erie agara Bridge a a d 0 andMewYork,tad •alar*&^mSmj£*^*a*Quackcabuah held tbeac- have taken place. Thus the Judge will hare two of hto sons Mayors of cities at tbe same time. It is not every day that h father baa twO officiating democtatic Mayorsfor t o t sjealousy at the rapid strides made by those foQewing be hind in the race. It was right that tt should be so, aa far as tt afforded tbem a farther stimulus to exertion. They owed t o tbeir Junior brethren their eooaaai, their prefet sk»»aradvtor,aDdtbeiiiflueaceof a good extant**. H o remarked tn ©oochidUig, that sterling personal chsraiter would do more toward elevating the ramtesaealthing else.The Psaworvr announced that a meeting ofwccld herbold oa Frtdaa- eretitof, at right o'etoek*, at tbehbeurg, road. Live stock, free, mento, Aw , are exwmptod. lie Sanitaryu^de MilsarNewYork aadBrooklyn, saand tbe Mew Vara Charter lamstoifft were reewriadrbvorathe billtoffiunndtthbe Ofloatso*f debt of Maw York."hop of Mr W i l ^ a ^ ^ i e l d c ^ a a ^ e a r r d S , ^ ^ 1T h *aftha Boardof1 > e Y o u | Mea'e Repabllcaa Ceatral CommUttee.HEWS FE0M CUBA.OOtntT—CHAxTJSESg. Before Baa. Judge Ingrahamtee be held at the Cooper InatlWte. and that Boa Grata rSbrts aa have 'jeen exhibited In tbe Sumner and Hon. B.F.Wade,of Ohio,sad «<*J**fby the surgeons of the departmentJames Barr, of the Fourth ward, Thoa. Sullivan, do , O. complaint, for the cause that H dees appear on the faceof of then*professional career. -•"^jMcVey, Fourthteenth ward, Dennis Neroa, Thrrte uto ward, members of the id force, were reinatotod.offreepublicmeetingsbeheldundertMjdb^ecttonrfthe Young MfVs Central Cotnaktttoa 1 th e Ostftc lnetM«te; andthattbeCommitteeon PubicIMbsih J ^ n Tmml Ttr mmaaed *,£JiV ?L!?l »10-K KttoK B3 11—Castles10—PtoKR3 11—K to B 2HAVANA,Insult by a Military Man to Ladiet from Boston—Oome-qvence of the Affront—Large Importations of Dry Goodsand Provisions—lhe Customs Storage Extended—MowCoroners* Inquest*.Boprss ForsD DROWNED.—Yesterday morning tbe bodyof Michael Ware was found floating in the water, foot ofP o l i c eI n t e l l i g e n c e .charge $26 per annum to arms, wfflch they now propose to reduce to $10 should the members of the CornEx- change remove their place of meeting. If practicable, it would lacibute transactioni in businessfor tbe merchants to concentrate at osa point. By having two or three meetings much valuable time to lost. Those in the provi-btatible material under the bed in which Mrs. Schall was is false.Here tbe Judge put a stop to the colloquy b y raising btoFaculty and hto classmates, and concluded amid great ep-NEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.AIOUHOIOaNTfl FOB fTTVMtt LEfTTTOB—WHAT IS Arrival •* * » • tlaaker City THOUGHT OF MR. USCOLN'S IFrXHtT?Joel Wolfe m. At Suptrviam of tke County of Rich- mond—The plaintiff claims to recover fltmtpt for property destroyed by a mob In the county of 9*****,*^ Thacomplainantaversthathawaatheowner ofgoods andchattelsinthetownofWestfield:thatariotwasthere committed b y certain persons, and the dwelbng hoxse in which such goods aad chattels then were waa set on fire by • mob, and the property of the plaintiff was therebytion. Afterthecallingoftherofl,aquorumbeingpresent, tbecommitteeproceededtotheelectionofotScers.Br. Pierre C. Van Wyck w a s chosen b y ballot president, and Mr. Henry Richard b y acclamation secretary. A motionAiMAXi, st acts 9,1880.Masyof toe Senators thai voted for * * monopoly rail- ed. Mr. C. a Spencer, the President or the Central Com o clock In the afternoon, and then made port in tweeother Information which they can furnish. quitedullunderadvicesfromforeignmarkets—No.12 CommissionerBAOXTotteredaresolution,thatthede- at 1460 a $5 MX per 100 lbs. Stock 115,000 boxes. tailing and transferring of the members of the force in each county of the district be done by the representatives **naie s jwwnarily dapceed of the Mil entitled "An act to would be about fifty dollars, tbe printing might cost fifty Shipments last week 10,000 boxes. from each of the said counties, viz:—New York, Messrs. Freights were in better demand for tbe United States, Ulslioeffer. Siillman, Bailey and Mayor Wood; Kings coun- ty, Mr. Stranaban and Mayor Powell; Westchester and Richmond counties, Mr. Bowen. It was, after some de-theritizeosoftoecityofNewYork,sadtothepeopleat bedidnotteakthattheexpensesofthesemeetings arge, do n*nby enter our solemn protest against the which he proposed would be more than one hundredanl •b*«y and wtigniasd manner in which a majority of this fry or two hundred dollars each. The hire of tbo roomntbefirstinitar.eethatbewaanotstfaulteitherthrough approvedbytheRegentsofthe University,and careleataeta or negligence. The defendant may proveit, cow they were ready to receive their dintoasat at the snd if aay proof of that character is ottered, the plaintiff Lands of the Presidentthen,ana not before, is required to show that he was free Dr. DtiAnxLD remarked to the Bgeabera of tbo from such fault. The objection that tbe act of 1856 wat not graduating class, that they bad complied with themutnor.se the construction or a certain railroad a Seventh dollars, and tbe/travelling expenses of tbe speakersavenue and other toree's and avenues in the city ofwith a little better price.a three fifth vote, cannot b e taken on thai It does not appear on the face of the com- a n y such objection exists. T h e complaintYork," fcr the following reasons, namely: Fiat Many•f os hare no knowledge of the individuals thereinnamed «t3 corporators, nor haa the majority at the Senateovndeawtnoed to inform as, from their own know-teege, <*t their bosinesa character or aMlity. Second—We arc of an optatou that the rights of propertyowceas, omnibus iinea, ant the people generally, are notsufficiently guarded a n l protected in this Mil; that thisatore-if etuxens have a right to expect, and it m toe dutyof lb* Stenato to extend equal Justice and protection totbem Third—We are in/oraaed and believe that theBranch*' s granted by tha bill to these corporatora areworth millions of dollars, for which provtotoo should beianerted in the charter compelling them to charge and re-astro only such ratesof passenger fare oponaaid raitaad,w h e s property oonatrecied a n d furnlahed nsth suitableand eumforubie conveyanceo, as will yield a reasonablea* t income en the capital thus in rested. If authorized t ocharge Ave cento for each passenger they should,after dividing fifteen Per &,nt P*r annum of theira*t earnings among their shareholder*, be compelled meetings bad been estimated at rsther too tow a figure.Hogsheads of, sugar at outpertoExchaogee were languishing and no demand for argo sums. The rates were—On London tixiy dayt sight, 12>i a 13}., per cent premium; United States sixty *tys, 2>,' a 3>4; New Orleans eight days, 3 X a 4.The Quaker City arrived out at Havana on her last pea- sage March 1,9A.M., In four days and nineteen boors, meeting the steamer Oahawba for New York and Harana from New Orleans in port, both leaving tbe same after-noon at three o'clock.The steamer De Soto, from New York Feb. 27, aritredout at 3 P. M. on the 3d inst, in five days and three hours.Tbe United States steamer Crusader, Commander Maffit, entered the port of Havana at 12}£ P. M. on the 6th, all well, from a cTuise to the eastward, to leave on tbe 6th for the westward of tbe inland.OCR HAVANA COBRE8TONDENCE. HAVANA, March 6,1860.to eivule the balance equally between tbe city of NewYork and Stale of Sen York, to be appded to me aupportHadden, A. h i , New York city; Charles H Hart, Cons. William Hartsborue, A. M., N. J.; Coortlaad Hoppin, A. R , Rhode Island; David Kennedy, CaUforato; D. A. Langworthy, Allegany county, N. Y ; WibUm W. l e u s uwould add fifty or one hundred dollars more to the amount. He aaid ho did not propose this series of meetings for tbe pnrporc of interrupting tbe course of lectures now going rB to the Cooper Institute before another republican association' bat in all good feeling, be could not help hinktog that that association had made a great mistake rn charging men for listening to republican speeches. Tbe great mats of the people wbo were to be benefitted were not those wbo would pay twenty five cents to attend inch a lecture. Those w b o attended these meetings were generally confirmed republicans. If this committee could organise a course of free meetings, to be addressed by prominent republicans, it would make Itself ielt in this campaign. Besides, the speeches would be pobUabed, and would do great good throughout tbe land. This city was, as It were, tbe heart of the re- public, and tbe pulsations of thto heart would be felt to tbe utmost borders of tbe country.He understood that one hundred dollars were charged for the large ball of the Cooper Institute for a free meeting. He believed also that republican speakers had sometimespassed b ydemurrer.plaint thatavera that the statute waa pasted by tbe 1/sgislatore. In tbe absence of aay proof on that subject, wemust presume that it waa properly patted. The ferred tbe degree of Doctor to Medicine upon tbe fellow only objection remaining is to tbe coatthOttotabty ing gentlemen-Mr. PW-K thought that the expenses of tbe proposedof tbe act of 1856. Thto does not involve aay question a s Thomas H . Alton. Tioga eounty, V . T ; Galueha to the power and authority, or as to tbe liability and duty B. Batch, Ctintaa county, N Y ; George B. "of tbe Sheriff. That be bat power to suppress riots, and for t^eens county, K Y , Edward a Barrett, A. B , ,that purpose to use the whole force of the county cannot ba chusetta Phanett C. Barker, Oneida county, N . Y Wtl- doubted. But tbe action to not founded on any injury hem C. Bennett, A. B , Connecticut; John Carising from tbe act of tbe Sheriff. It to the reverse. It Ulster county, N. Y Stephen W. Bowles, A. M t restsentirelyfon tbeacts ofthose engagedintberiot, chusetta;SamuelW.Briggs,NewYorkcay,OrisMyron whether they were committed to consequence of the ina- Bump, Nebraska; Charles farrtngtoa, Owascticut; bility or neglect of tbe proper authorities to maintain the Beth Lyman Chase, Connecticut; Ribert Cooper, peace by preventing or suppressing riots. Upon tbe same New York cay ; Charles XL Covell, Waah- principle acta of negligence by corporate authorities are trgton county, N. Y .; John Ponce De Lteo, the grounds of action b y individuals whose property to Cuba; Frank W. Dooiittie, Saratoga county, N. Y .Ephr m. damaged by or rn conaequenos of such negligence, when, M. Eptteim, Canada West; Pbito J. Farasworth, M. b .. if tbe injury had arisen from tbe acta themselves, pro- Canada East; Edward Irving Ford, Broome oouatv, N. Y perly performed, no damaged could be recovered, fhe Charles E Govdard, Richmond county, N. Y .; Walter J. cases of tbe Mayor, h o , against Freeze (8 Hill, 612), tb epermit «u uaw or opportunity to obtain a fair expression <*y- , , ,by a direct, vote of tbe Senate on tbe amendments whicb Mr SPKMXR rejected tbe idea of paying a political Cbttftrtuanc* tf .Feasts for the Victories in dfrka—Deterip should be bad by tbe police after all such offenders, whowe offered, containing substantially the above roenuocei •rovWtons,withina ahJit apaceofafewhoursaf>rthe bill was first introduced for the consideration or the Senatespeaker anything exoept bto travelling expenses. He said thathebadbeardthatHon.AboamLincolnreceived$200 for tbe lecture that h e bad recently delivered at theturn of tie Most Interesting Soenes—CWi tmd Moon—TkeJ.J.Cobb—AThirdSeason<fCarnivaltobeInitiatedinought to be promptly punished to tbe full extent of the tow.Thepresentordinancerespectingdumpinggrounds provides that "nomanure shall be damped southofSacta legally done, although injurious, no Liability exists. e statute 1 R 8. 884 provides for bringing actionsA B , New York cttj David Matthews, Sullivan county N. T .: Jtmea G McKce, New York city; B. W. Meres, Chemung county, N . Y . ; Archibald F . Mudh, New Tortit went through tbe tor m of going through the Committee Cooper Institute. He thought that for a prominent politi- mltbewbc>,andwewereobligedtoaubmittotheua- calman,andacandidateforthePresidencyinsome Ceceden'ed order of tbe Senate, "that this bill should parts of the country, as Mr. Lincoln was, to charge $200this Lent-Ball at (he Palact—Pervmalitia—Tke Cru- Twenty eighth street." Mr. Cbappell suggests an amend- against a county in the name of tbe Board of Supervi- city; George A . Munich, New York city, William 8. (':.If we are a people easily Amused, we are also remarksor debate.'' W e now avail ourselves of the planse.)| If he were to receive a nomination for the ble in our enthusiastic devotion to onr nationality and in Common Council endeavour to devote a small share of at-ve a third reading a t a given hour without amendment for addressing a republican meeting was shameful ( A plast retert of such casts provided, and firmly, Presidency, and this fact were known among the gene- the way of glorification over the gallant feats of our tention to this subject before it to too late to prevent tbeof tbe legislature to impose upon the county this liabilityunder tbe act of 1866. I suppose It mutt be conceded dry; Peter Print, Spain: Joseph B. Richards, Oneidabwt respectfully, protect against tbe recurrence of such hasty and uadignined Jegialaiion upon measures of such vast importance, and sak that this paper any be entered upon the journal of the Senate.JAMES A. BEI.UPE.ERP.MURPHY. Tbe Hecate refused to allow the protest to go upon therous people of hie own State, bow many votes would be, gelr He did not believe that prominent who had won the* way to high office bv devotion to the principles of the republican party, If they were invited to spsak before this committee, would charge anything for their services insuchacause. ("That'sso.>j) Hewaswillingtopay George Christy for dancing, oi Mrs. John Wood for ailingbrothers in Africa in the capture of Tetuan.By the last Spanish mail packet from Cadiz we have received official announcement from Madrid of the victories inAfrica,andalthoughwehadbeeninforavoluntary glory strike of three days'protracted gatherings in ouroccurrence of a pestilence '-DKOIS or TBS SsvxxTH RiGrnEXT—The officers and non-commissioned officers of the abo re regiment are ordered toassemblethisevening,infatiguedrees,withsidearms only, for military exercise and; instruction, at the Statethat tbe legislature has ample power to declare any act legal or illegal, and to impose liability for damages to a party injured in aJ cases in which there ia no restriction contained in the fundamental law which limits their powers. If tbe constitution does not affix a limit by pre scribing cases in which they may not act. they have full authoritytolegislateinregardthereto. Tbedefendants, however, contend that such prohibition to contained to tbe 1st section of tbe 10th article of the constitution, whicb e-aje:—" Tbe county shall never be made answera-county, N. Y . John G. Ryeraon, A. M , New Jereev Charles M. Samson, Kings county, N. Y.: Henry O deeds, A. ¥•, Kentucky; FJbrtdge G. Seymour, Jeilenwc count; „ X Y-; Dwigbt 0. Sttbbins, Michigan: Geso. 11 Sternberg,0 at go county, N. Y .; William U. Studtey, A. M., Connect- cat; Willtam F. Swalm, Kings county, N. Y ; Charles J Taggart,Witcon*io, wiluam F.Th-toa,Kentucky:I. Burnet TuthiTl, New Jersey; Edmund C. Ve.' Meuten,New Jeitey; Joel A. Warren, Vermont—Total, 68.AS the gentlemen returned to their ses's they were salutedwithroundsof applausefrom tbeaudtense. D- DvLiFraxn, aa President of tbe college, ttteo delivered the charge to tbe cla»s. It was a time bonore 1 custom to call, the attention uf these graduating to the responaibilita* assumed by tbem. That they had acquired a knowledge or their profession was proved by their diplomat, whioa bad not been obtained without tabor. A diploma from tbe College of Physicians and Surgeons was considered in-record by a vote of yean 9, nays 18, at follows, and at tbe Winter Garden, or Forrest for impersonating the streets, with sulphur tire and banners to tbe taste and Arsenal. The regiment will assemble at the tame place, would not allow It to be read — characters of Shakspere; but he was not willing to full fatigue drees, for drill—tbo right wing on Wednes-8—Kt to'Q B 4Supreme Court—Chambers. Before Hon. Judge Sutherland.IKON BONDS BEFORE MATRIMONY.MARCS 9.—Habeas Corpus.—sir. Spencer appjtod to tbe Court for a writ of habeas corpus to be issued to Captain Farragut, of tbe United States steamer Brooklyn, to pro- duce the body of Peter Brady, or show just cause why h evote of 19 to 10. Thisto equivalent to the defeat or the Charks street. Coroner Schirmer held an inquest, butgeneral Canal Appropriation bill, passed by 16 to 17. after tbe circumstances of the case were not ascertained. Athe failare of tbe attempt to strike out the Chenango ap verdict of " Found Drowned " was rendered. Deceased companied by an American gentleman sojourning at the ny that a young couple, aged thirteen and fourteen years,profrriatjoa.Tbebilltoappointcommissionerson damages topro-perty at Quarantine was ordered to a third readingMr IJRANT, on a question of privilege, attacked the ar-wsa a native of Ireland, twenty years of age. Tbe same CoroneralsofheldaninquestonthebodyPatrickKeating, found floating at tbe foot of pier No. 6 East river. Deceased was a private watchman, S'aliened at pier No. 6, Eastsame hotel as themselves, were promenading on the Ala- medade('aula,when,onpassingasoldierwho stooddi rectly in their path, be made a rude gesture to some of his comrades who were seated on a bench near by, upon which tbe American gentleman gently pushed him asideMary Anne Defmood asserts that Peter ia confined In irons Dr. ALSXAIIDIX H. STsvawsthen arose and annocmcej and gagged, on the allegation that be attempted o desert that he would award a prize of 6100 for tbe "best prenamed Jamet Bala and Ellen Shurrer, had eloped fromthatcity,andweresupposedtohavetakenthenightboatto this city. Detectives Poole and Roach were detailed totry, and, if possible, hunt up tbe runaways. It being longafter the arrival of tbo steamers, the officers were for asks that tbe captain should produce the body of her ID representative of bis class he was gad to greet on tha some | time unable to learn lif they had in realitybill meerted on tbe journal/tout was refused, by a vote offt to 18. Only two Senators—Messrs Bell and Murpby— I from the effects of accidental injuries received on the when the arm of the gentleman wag roughly seised from two were dtocoveaed entering the house. On being takensignettheprotest.allothersdeclining. Aseembly.ALBASV, March 9, 1890. Mr FOM>, (rep ) from the Committee on Cities and Vil- lages, has ready for presentation the New York city tax levy. Tbe whole amount is $4,3*5,219 59. That for Are and police telegraph is raised from six to fifteen thou. sand dollars, and for roads and avenues decreasei from18th ult,from afall on the pavement Coroner Schirmer held an Inquest upon the body of Ann Thomas, residing with her parents at 107 East Twenty-third street, who died yesterday from accidental burns received whilelighting a fire about ten days since. Deceased was anaive of Wa'ee, eighteen years of sge. A verdict in accordance with the facts was rendered in each case.Naw Ext HANGS MOVEMENT For some time past the company controlling tbe imposing granite building in Wallbehind,andenturningroundhereceivedasevereblow tothepoliceheadquarters,Ellenstatedthatthevhadnot from the soldier, which felled him (the gentleman) to the been married, and she thought she would have to give upHon. John M Wood, of Portland, Maine,and Hon. J & tbe fate of the pi vsic.au depends. (Applause) The Guthrie,areatthe FifthAvenueHotelatpresent. Toe occasionwasapleasantone,yetithaditssadassoaatwesThe quantity of dry goods imjicrted at this period intoshouaand dollars.. For basting and removing Coenties secure additional light; and to accommodate tbe commis- this port is so large that it hat Seen found requisite to over night, and seemed very anxious that he should besaderandMohawk,dk.menttotheordinance,bysubstituting Sixty-firstfor Twenty cigth street, snd making it read "no manure shall be dumped south of Sixty first street" Will thesors. I do not understand the defendants as objecting tothe mode in which the action to brought, but to tbe powerPerkins, Connecticut; Howard Ptokney, A. M , Nee York, city, Oren D . Pometey, Connecticut; James H. PooJey, Westchester county, N . Y .; David T. Potter, New YorkIIPLJMHiidM*Htoiriirp"i- * ~'' ' *mmUniversity off tne Caaaaaencesneat aneat.a * toft Havana on tbe **binet,, at a charter tollve•greatdealofhonesty"mtheirmovements half. j anycityorcountyshallbeliabletoaaactionbyortobe-T h e a r r i v a l o f t h e H a s u i s t h i s m o r n i n g w a s a n x i o u s l y R e t o l v e d , T h a t s u c h m e e t i n g b e w e e t o eJB l £ ^ > * * f T b e p e o p l e o f H a v a n a w e r e o o c u p e d i n c e t e b r a t i n f t h eieoxed'" **« Senatorstoo'**d all the morning as though that no entrance fee be charged, by* ****2°£?*2 taking of Tetuan and the rictorien over the Moors,to on Finance be requeeted to raise the necessary expensesrepaired, it having been considerably damaged by lirechurch Among the dtotingutohed fsattoasa pretest half of the party whose property waa thus destroyed or «PO»JhejBtotttrm,best^ Callage, weInjured for the damages sustained by reason thereof. notkadChsaoelltr Ferrh of the New York uSrsStity;Cadiz,Spain.Nothing else wat occurring at Havana worthy of ante.Tbe health ol the city waa excellent, with the weathertbemob,andthereisnothinginthestatutewhichrequiresany other averment It is nevor neceesary in a complaintforinjurytothepersonortoproperty,toaverthattheactdid not occur throegh tbe negligence or carelessness of tbeplaintiff that may be shown by the defendant as matterof defence upon the trial, but it to not necessary to beaverred In the complaint, any man than It to necessary bad ereaJtably parted the require! exammauons; a i t upon tbe trial for the plaintiff in making hto ease to prove their names bad been duly referred to aadrequirements of tbe college, and were consequently entitled to receive the degree: still, it waa always customary in every well restated medical institution to administertothosegoto*fromtt,aa graduates,a$4 60.bate, laid upon tbe table by a vote or four to three. Several appointments of special policemen wire made,after which tbe Board adjourned.City ImtelMsrenee*TBB DCWTSO NOISASCB C* FIRST AVKMI'K—About aweek ago the attention of tbe authorities was called, through this paper, to a grievoth nuisance existing in First avenue, between Thirty seventh and Thirty-eighth streets. The nuisance, in tbe shape of a filthy and pestiferous dumping ground, still flourishes unabated, and from present appearancea ia likely to go on flourishing until tbe generation of some contagious malady in its vicinity arouses the people to such actios as will force the backsliding authori- ties to do their duty. On last Wednesday, Mr. B B Chap- pell, Health Warden of tbe Twenty first ward, made a re- port to tbe City Inspector respecting the matter, and from his statement it appears the fault bet partly with tbe Common Council and partly with tbe dirt cartmeo. wbo are in the habit of dumping cellar dirt, ate , on the street, in direct violation of the ordinance. A sharp look outYso» —Meters. Abel!, Bell, Connolly, Gardiner, Gom, to pay men for addressing republican meetings. It was fancy of our intelligent people, we are in, by order and day and tbe left wing on Friday evenings, at eight o'clock. ble for h e ac's of tbe Sheriff." the true constructionMontgomery.Munree,P.P.Murpby.Williams. wrong. (That'8so.) Itwaswrong,itwasmean;andhe permissionof oursuperiorauthority,foranothersiegeof Inordertomeettbewishes of tbe public towitnesstheNATH—M*«*rs. Blood, Colvin, Faro, tirant, Hammond, meant what be said. (Applause )BUlaoote, Ketcbam, Lapham. Lawrence, McGraw, Ram- Mr. Fsra bad reason to believe that Mr. Sumner wouldthree days, which waa initiated yesterday, with more ex- battahon drills. Colonel Lefierts has allowed a limitedof thisclause s,that foranything dooe bytbe Sheriff.in the discharge of h a official duties, the county shouldnot be liable. If it bad been averred that the Sheriff,while attempting to preserve the peace, illegally tookpoarestion of and dettroyed tbe plaintiff's property,this provacn wculd apply and would protect the countyfrcm liability. In the present case, However, I do not un-derstand this action to be founded on any claim fordamages artotogout of the acta of tbe Sheriff. Tbe statute ferior to none in toe country: hence they sbonldendeavor,sey. Richaaood, Robertson, notch, Sessions, Spinoa, True- sean. Warner.tensive preparations for fireworks, arches, music,images,Doricg the taking of the vote a number of Senatorsto explain. little faith in those individuals who took up politics for the Senator Blood declared that be was not a tbe caucus on purpose of filling their own pockets, rather than to sustainObispo, Macaderes and tbe public square in front of the bearer to the drill of tbe wing mentioned thereonCaptain General's palace. Tbe chief attractions were CENTRAL PARK—SWANS FOR TBB IAST— Mr. Greenduring tbeir professional life, to maintain taacharicwr or tbe institution. He hoped that they wjild be amonr thosewhoseaimitwastoforward toescienceoi medicine. Small weeld be tbe recompense anaMonday night, and that be did not know George Law. Senator liero rose to a question of privilege, but h eaaadenJpointordenialofmystatementSenator Pa.-r.aey also rose to a question of privilege, andgood principles. He considered a man wbo should accept a fee for coming to address the republicans of New York unworthyofarespectablebearing.A gentleman here inquired whether the $300 paid to Mr. Lincoln was a donation or a condition?found In tbe first named street, which was filled to a tote hour in the night by many thousands or people. Here wereMoorshongbytheneck,seatedinchairs,dead, under the bee's if the conquering Cazadore, who cries out for "more Moors to destroy." Tbe tableaux werestated to the Board of Commissioners or the Central Park, atatotemeeting,thatthecityofHamburghadofferedto present, through George Kunhardt, Esq., Consul of thatof IHbb does not place tbe responsibility either on tbe actof tbe Sheriff, ncr a s tbe defendant supposes on t b e neg-lectofthefberifftoset Tbeonlygroundofliabilitytothe existence of a mob or riot in tbe county, aad tbedcstiuctien of property by snch mob. Tbe propriety of slow tbe public esteem aw-vrded to the slug- charging tbe people of counties with the consequences of gard or idler in tbe medical professi «i Altbougu riots within the county is apparent. It to not to punish the physicist > life be one of toil and anxiety, be has them for the acts or negligence or tbe Sheriff, but for their many thing* to cheer and encourage him in the faith- own conduct in permitting riots to take place. Tbe Sheriff ful prosecution of h a dunes. Tbe sAtis'actian which bedenied that be was in a caucus at Law's room.Senator Hammond aaid if any person wbo ha 1the pri- Mr. SrmrcxR only knew that it was paid to him, and hecitv, to the Commissioners, to grace the lakes of the Park, rather interesting and well prepared. 43ome of tbe in- as many of the beautiful and stately swans, so celebrated scriptions were cutious, and all were egotistic—a Ion in that city, as the Commissioners desire, with toe liberal painted with bead and tail erect, mane flying, and bis offer to send them by an experienced person, who will see dextey paw resting upon tbe flag of Morocco, whish is tbem delivered, and give to tbe officials of the Park all trailedintbedust:—"IftheSpanishlionisdeadhetonot necessaryinformationfortheirprotectionandpreserva-vilege of this door had written tnis article he thought understood that it was conditional.Chat he ought to bo excluded from the Senate; but ho One gentleman, indeed, said be thought lbere**had beennot charge anything in such a case.Mr SBEraxan said that if a man would receive money flowers, Moors and Cazadores, and women.number of tickets of admission to be issued, but to pre- vent confusion and disappointment the tickets will be even to the members of tbe regiment marked respectivetor working in such a caoae, be bad very little faith in biswho were mentioned a my despatch of yesterday wished political fidelity or in hit devotion to the party. He bad Tbe streets devoted to this display were Muralla, . "Right wing" and "Left wing," and will only admit themade s o motion. SenatorWarnerahorosetoaqoestonofprivilege,andread from the HEEALO that he was a a certain caucus, and concocted that scheme. He denied that be helped to con- coct tb» scheme.Kmal'y, the Senate adjourned, and the storm pawed i ommittee, and was unanimously adopted.conquered." A long speech printed on white cotton cloth, hanging near b y . tells u s thattion The offer was accepted, with the thanks of the Board.could co nothing without tbe aid of the people. It be- comes a matter of interest to thorn to prevent and sup- press riots if the statute makes tbem resitonsible for tbe damages proceeding therefrom, and, Ialthough tbeerjoys in restorirg toe stok to health aad to alleviating pain to experienced by tbe members of no other pro !>>fion. B a capital never fails him, as does often that oftbevotaryoTcorerneree,norabo subjecttotheflue tuating fortunes of the politician. If they pursued th'ir profession zealously and conscientiously, they could c o t want the esteem and confidence of the public. The phy-over .The Quarantine bill was ordered to a third reading inthe Senate; and the Canal Mil, with the Chenango exten- sion included, was passed, by yess 17, nays 26.Board of Corporators of the Kane Monument Association,held at the office of John H White, Esq., tbe resignationof Colonel Marshall I.efforts as Treasurer of the Board,occasioned by tbe pressure of other duties upon him, wascalled upend reluctantly accepted. On motion, Col. SamuelC. Thompson was unanimously chosen to fill the vacancy, tbe like notice to be given to tbe Mayor of a city, butno and will henceforth receive all communications connectedtoo much blame attached to this a;t of receiving money, and believed that when a man was asked by this io cent Union to prepare a lecture, be was justified in charging a fee. but this did not appear to b e the current opinion.Mr- Spencer's resolution was then submitted to the where tbe communities or pueblos of a nationKANE MONTSCKNT ASSOCIATION—At a late m eeting of the Sheriff is tbe officer to whom tbe authority Is speciallyare "heroic,'' every family furnishes a warrior; another " our soldiers." " Tetuan—every Moor is allow- ed seven wives!'—very significant. This debsate morsel wis rather concealed by a multiplicity of other goods, and was only discovered by the prying few. Vita* tor " tbe Queen,' " the Nation's Children of the Royal Nursery,"A communication will be presented to tbe Senate to- ton telegraphed 6th move in tbe second game. At 8:1 tity. This is our second carnival innovation of Lent We with that office.ibe meeting then adjourned.The Chess Match Between N e w Y ork a u d Boa torn*committed, yet there are other officers in the county who,with him, have authority to arrest all offenders againstthe public peace. It to no more intended to maketbe county table fcr the acts of tbe Sheriff than for of man without being familiar with h a spiritualThe Tolling Railroad Mil, after a lengthy discussion,pawed the House to-night, b y yeas 81, nays 31. There Uno question of a doubt but that thto bill will become a telegraphed the Ttb move in tbe first game. At 7 52 Boso " the Army in Africa," " the Queen aHusband," "O Don- tow. ne!,' "Concha," and "Rice Garcia" were infinite in quan-sician cannot come in contact with the physical aaturo other officers. Tbe provision in the statute which requires nature aho. Hence tbe importance of a high miralcharacter being combined with professional excellence.llvfeasor Joexra M. SMITHthen addressed tbe President,morrow from one of the Excise Commissioners, making sesne inierevticg devetopemenrs in regard to the mutual admiration society existing in that Board between Memrs. Beckett and Holmes, to retard to their management of suits, since the latter was, by his own vote, appointedscant*I of the Board. The developeaente 1 understand to be rich» w YORK LKGISLATLRM:. Senate.March 9,1830 An adverse report on the Erie Railroad Freight bill wasreferred back for a further bearing.Mr. OO.VOI.IT introduced a bill providing that all moneysbelonging to th e city or New York shall b e deposited from time to time, without delay, by the legal custodian thereof, wbo shall uold tbe office only till t h e expiration of tbe term of tbe present Comptroller.Mr MAMNIKRRK introduced a bill subjecting foreign in sarance companies doing business in this State to all the provisions uf tbe tow applicable to companies incorpo rated by foreign governments.The Mil to prevent fraud In tbe sale of passenger tick •to waspuaedTbe Senate voted to postpone the constitutional amend-ment relative to tbe Judiciary until the 2>1 of April, by aBoston telegraphed that they had not received New have not time to say our prayers before wo are called OjDKTLANDT STSBT TO HAVE IRON JPAMOURT.—The Suitpart of the statute contemplates the lability a s limited b ythe neglect of the Sheriff to discharge hto duties. Tbe in-ability of the Sheriff to discharge his duties. The inabili- and announced that be had been deputed by ruecolleagues ty of the Sheriff to do what to necessary to lupress a riot,to no more a defence to thto action than hit neglect wouldbe a ground for it. The liability to irrespective of either,and ia imposed for tbe destruction of property b y the riot,whether tbe Sheriff has done all in his power or not toprevent i t Thia notice to not for the purpose of fixingany liability on tbe Sheriff. The party whose property toIn danger to required to avoid everything which might aid,sanction or permit the injury to be done, and where heknows of the intended injury he a require! to one all General Pathology of Causer, by E a Barrett, on reasonable diligence to prevent it; and, as an evidencethat b e h a s used such diligence, b e to required to showthat be ban applied to the Sheriff or the county for protec-tion. The notice to the Sheriff, so far as the plaintiff srights are involve d, ia intended for no other purpose. Tbeplaintiff is entitled to judgment on the demurrer, withleave to defendant's to answer, on payment of costs.Play was recommenced tost evening at 6:40. New York-notice to be given to the Sheriff in tbe county, requiresAt 9 30 they replied to New York's New York telegraphed the 11th move in game secondat 11 :'2&. Boston replied at 1147, and the game was ad- journed till thto evening a t o 30.At the adjournment the game stood as follows :— nan GAMS.upon for devotion to some new royal patriotic sin.However, there is evidence of over worked enthusiasm, snd tbe excitement begins to flag. By the time the week is over we shall be sorry that there ever waa a Tetuaa to destroy.Broneon, the Corporation Counsel, has written to the Cro- to the United States Consul General on or about tbe 2tth ton Aqueduct Board that no further Justifiable opposition ult Tbe order for delivery was given months since b y can be offered to the fulfilment of the contract. The work will therefore be set about as soon aa the necessary pre-York's first despatch. 7th move in game firstbrought against the city b y Messrs. Fitspatrisk and Etrie,the assignees of Mr. -Charles Guidet, contractor for tbework of supplying Cortlaadt street with iron -pavement,has terminated in favor o f the plaiatiflh, and Mr. Greene C.to award the two prists annually given by the faculty for the best graduating theses presented during the year— viz, a first prize of fifty dollars, aad a second prise of twentyfiredollars. Hethenprseentodtobehalfoftbe faculty the first prise to Dr. Krsktoe Maaaa, for a ibesto oa Imperforate Anus; aad the accasd to Dr. Edmund C Vermuun, tor a theato oa Opium. He added that honorable mention bad beta made by tbe faculty of three other theses—namely on theAine Turk. Moves 7—Castle8—Kt to Kt S9 - Q to Q Kt 810—Q x Ktll-FtoKBI 11—PtoKBSthe Judge, and tbe delay was derived from tbe copies ne- cessary to go with the vessel, not for trial in tbe I'nstod States, but to make clear the course of Spanish justice.The Captain General*s ball it to come .oil on the 11th, whicb will make the third carnival Interregnum In our forty days of fast, penitence and prayer.The Captain General anticipates that our next adv'eet will be of peace between Spain and Morocco.All well on board tbe United States steamer Crusader.Tbe Mohawk has gone to the eastern ports on this side; waa communicated with last evening, and all well on board.Boston. Moves 8—Qto K2New York.9XCO.W GAXX.7—P to Q68—KtxP9—KBtoQKtS 9—PtoQ8BvlimMoves 7—K B to K 2 g—Q Kt to K 4parations can be effected.DBOWSED—James Daily, one of the witnesses examinedin the case of the homicide on board tbe United Statesship Brooklyn, not being an important witness, was remended back to tbe ship. On being informed of tbe fact, he stated that he would rather die than sail on board that ship again. He then bid tbe parties on shore farewell, saying that in less than two days be would cease to live. To this he added that he bad between one and two hun- dred dollars coming to him, and requested that it should, in case of hto death, be given to some cbaritablu society. After arriving a t th e ship, Daily ran forward, jumped through a port bole and accomplished his object by throw- ing himself overboard.;o-etal tanocutation, by Courtland Hoppin: and on diajrao sto, byE J.Ford.9—Kt x B 10—CastlesProfessor Aioszo CLAU announced that the man ficent prize founded during t h e past year b y D r . Jacob Hareen, an alumnus of the college, consisting of s gold medal of tbe value of fifty dollars and a sum of money of not less than one hundred dollars, to be awarded to tbe student of the college who should pre- pare the best written report o f the clinical instruction of the New York Hospital, had bees unanimously awarded to Mr. J. L. Hicks, tbe author of the beautifully bound and carefully written volume which he held in bis hand. As the recipients of tbe several prizes descended the platform they were warmly applauded by tbe audience and their fellow students. Professor Clark further announced it at the facultyjudged that tbe income ct tbe Hansen fund would be sufficient to i si.fy them ia offering for the ensuing year a second Hansen prize of notMoves S—P to K B4 7—Kt to K 2Tbe oark J. J. Cobb, so long on the tapis, was deUveredaware of that fact, I teel confident measures would be instantly adopted to put a stop to itchants, 31; lawyers,24, boot and shoe manufacturers, 23;manufactiirert, 17; physicians, 8; tanners. 6; editors, 6carpentert and builders, 6 each; mariners, printers, carrisfe manufacturers, 4 each; clergymen, 8; teachers,bakers, shoemakers, batters, mechanics sad gentlemen. 3 not alone to bis physical nature, bet in tbe twofold ooo each; morocco manufacturers, auctioneers, leather dsai dition of different natures marvellously mixed, asd exerM arch6 ,1 8 4 0 .about two months ago. on Station Houses.It waa referred to the Commi Use , ,meats of the Bank of Havana, dk.One evening last week two ladies (mother and daugh- A RAIIISR ISTKKSSTTKO E1.0PXMXNT CASS—Yesterday it detained on board that somewhat celebrated vesael less than %2bJwith s certificate.ter) of great respectability, from Boston, wbo were ac- morning a telegraphic despatch waa received from Alba-ground, and while he was in that position h e was kicked, the idea now that her folks had seen fit to make a disturb-and it was attempted to throttle him. Fortunately ance about it, and telegraph for her. She said that her latter gentleman was Secretary of the Treasury under Teachers ^and students, friends and chmaMtet, weresome friends came up st the moment, and the gentleman waa rescued from the hands of tbe cowardlysister had not treated her well, ami having succeeded inabout t o separate l t r a time a t least—perhaps forever President Pierce's administration. Tbe ttfc of tbe student of medicine was one of sbsorbuu Edgar M. Brown, Doorkeeper of the Massachuseta interest Tbe flora, world, withal] ia charms, lays herHouse of Representatives, haa compiled to a neat pamph- cflertog at hto feet. B e watches wttn pleanag deobtaining some three dollars, she concluded, with Jimmy, scoundrel, wbo would probably have taken h a life. A to leave their parents and seek their fortune to New Yors.friend, who was a witness ofall this, and wbo residesintbe immediate vicinity of the Alameda de Paula, tells methat ladiet who promenade there are constantly beinginsulted by the ruHians who infest that favorite aad their arrival here they wandered about the city, spending beautiful promenaele. Were tbe superior authorities madeBeef, twenty thousand dolars; for tbe Mayor for advertis- sion houses in Hour and grain, they proposed to open Gil" appropriate the Custom House store, heretofore used to sent back. They will no returned home in the Albany-pin's Reading Room for their special use and fit it up store provtokms, 4 c , (the old church of San Francisco ) boat this evening. ' ers, publishers, masons, real estate agents, furniture cieicg mutual irfiuence upon each other. Vet we areing expenses, twenty five thousand dollars. withal! necessary appliances; and,above all, to reduce for the reception of dry goods, while tbe stores hithertoMr A.A.Mvnrs' NewYorkandBrooklynCabCompa- theirchargestotbeuniform rateof$10perannumfora usedfordiygoodsaretob©appropriated tothestoringTBI LATKCASSOFDRFRACDLNGSSWUCGIRLS.—Mr.King,dealers, boot and shoe cutters, deputy sheriffs, clerks,accountants, hotel keepers, painters, 8 each; forty o n efrequently told that tbe stody of medicine leads to akept. ctom; that a belief in the deity a lost by the contemplation of hia greatest works. If so, we had betier at once raiseny's bill incorporates J. A. H. Hasbrouck, D. S. Barnes, eingle member or for a firm. These overtures the flour orprwamons.&c. But these stores being comparativelyA.HThurston,D.HBeedleyandE.S.Martin,witha andgrainmendeclined. Buttbeprovisionhouses small,ithasbeenfoundrequisitetoissueacustomhouse sgainetwhom,aswasstatedinyesterday'sHBRALD,aaccepted the iuvitatation, and bare agreed hero- regutoticn that provisions, &c , can only remain in the cnnplalnt for assault and battery was preferred b y Mr.capital of $6O0,C0O. It allows them to charge fifty cents public stores fifteen days, instead of three months at has boar within the city limits, or from South ferry to after to meet at the Merchants' Exchange for the hitherto been permitted. This new regulation will causeother professions snd branches of business are represent- edbyoneeach.Oftheshore280memberstoboth analtartoignorance.(Apptooie.)Inthemedicalstu-branches K5 were born in Massachusetts. James Rider, <Jet t s hie there was one great dread oamout fears of tbe room draped in green, through worse portals toybis only w a y to eminence. (laughter aad saaaass >Ihev accordingly, on Thursday night, proceeded tooneof the Xew York boats and got on board. Tboy paid a dol- lar for their fare and another dollar for a stateroom. Onlight the various operations of nature—the aynenons oevt lopement of bod, flower and fruit By the chatjusi s art be learns tbe composition of these. The suaeGordon, of No. 180 West Thirty-sixth street, and who it wsa alleged was concerned In tbe stealing of $38 60 frommar iner, of Mew Bedford, to the oldest member. H e was bom March ;6,1788, and is, therefore, T6 years of age.second street,: or shorter distances, tw-nty-flva transaction of business, at from 11 A . M. to 12 o'clock M. great injury to the toportera of provisions, compeUsju foronepacenterandfifteencentsforeachaddi-IttochurnedthatthebuildingoftheCornExchangetothemeithertoselltheirimportationswitbiatbenftoantbelatter,complainsthatthenewspapershavedonehim Abouttenoc'ockontbenightofthe6thtostthecityneedednone.Tbepbytician'sdutiesweremorsarooounnot central, being at the extreme southern point of toe (dwm ) introduced a bill to protect con city, near the Battery, while most kinds of businessdays, or to remove them, at considerable coat, to privatestores. ' i" " " " robbery and did not touch Gordon at alt The robbery citement by the announcement that a personal collision scribes once a week to bto patients rn vasu, each oneof gas in New York. TbeCanalAppropraiioobillwaspassedH a Stveatb Avenue Railroad bill came down from th eaae travelling upwards: and, furthermore, that the build- ingiteelf, tbough alteredataheavyexpemebytheen- terprising company, is badly adapted for tbe accommoda- tion of the Urge number of merchants who daily assemble there. So far as the flour and grain commission housesThe directors of the Spantob Bank of Havana have re- solvedtoputintocircuktttontwohundredandfiftythou- sand dollars more of the bills of the bank, depositing that amount in specie in the chest of the bank. ThoaVUttto hv little, the golden onzas are withdrawn from circulationand vtotonce, he says, were committed by the outsJdera. andbebadnoshareineither. [Gordonpreferredacom' Plaint on the above Charge against Mr. Kinr, before Justice Quackenbush.on Thursday tost, and furtoeremreTlfKbad taken place between General McKaig, of the Mary- landSenate,andthefamousJudgeStump,ofBaltimore. General McKaig, wbo was one of the Senate committeeof tbem selecting tbe medicine beet adapted to hia neigh- bor'scase, (laughter) Tbelawyercanwithimpunity allow the scales ol j ustiee to continue vibrating for an ie refinite time. On tbe contrary, the physician avat g:> when and where be is called, leaving tbe quiet flretidr, tbe interesting book, pleasing society, hto bed, every- thing, to answer the call for aid against the de ttroyer. He sowcame to themostinteresting rait of what he had to say. He would speakto the Committee on QUes and Vil- Railroad M l bill came ap for a third reading.*eMr Mn.uxEf' moved la recommit without instructions.0 0 t h e 0 h r gMr. a Aumt (rep.) snowed to recommit it, with metruv are concerned, they desire to be near the canal boats, " d paper substituted therefor. The bank decreased Ms' n o e t - R K r o s ^ ] **** * * W ° * Y foTM-Stopped Generaladdrtaae'd'theJudgepleasantly"whenthefollow-toreportmakinxtheBrieRailroadtotalonlytwo which,duringtheperiodofnavigationconcentrateabout < UnU aa much aa thaw of the New York Central, and to the slips in that quarter. The locality is, no doubt, con & 4 3 9 ^,thCWeek endtagMm,umANIXSANSMAXATTKVFTSOfficer Lindsay, of the Seventeenth precinct, on Voureday JIPGF—sir, I do not desire any gentleman to speak to uf the toast*. To woman's devoted care andi in the action of the bill the Genesee Valley andvecient and desirable to them; bnt the provision tad shipping bouses occupy places further up than tbe Corn Exchange, and hence ate in favor of removal, while the former oppose it, and may likely succeed, so far aa theynight arrested a German tailor named Charles Schall, me wbo signs a report without reading it. GIXERAI—What do yon mesa, sir*residing at 224 Fiiat avenue, on a charge of attempting to* .TriH,i— I aay yon signed the report of the Committee ofT h e O i l E x c l t e m e a t l a P e n n s y l v a a i a . OCR FRANKLIN COKKESPOKDKNCE.soothing attentu-n tbe profession waa indebted for ttt suc- cess. The treatment or disease wsa but lost begun when a dtogncsto had been made and a remedy chosen. Tbea the great reUaace waa to be placed upon nursing The°*'TO BORN trr H a WITS — ing collcquy took pace between tbem:—readers.The oil exudes ftom the earth in various localities in Ve- nango county, and is found in limited quantities; also hi Crawford snd other counties. Under the names'of NapAfter the ckse of Change the officers of the company, been known in the arts; but until last fall It WM *,*including Mr. Baldwin, tbe president, invited tbe new raised m sufficient quantities to enltot men^rttentton. T t •gsinat James Burns, a porter in hto employ, whom he a telegraphic despatch stating that another ton--1'*'" ers and privileges of their auitoat aadas atieaot hZf f* * m o f * • remarks he sa-1 sion and whiskey trade met at the Merchants ExchangeimacjjoftheBoim^tS*****to compeltherepub- onThurtctyfortbefirsttime,andiaconsidertbleforce. thaRockOilorPetrollum,Seneca(hi,*».,«haslongWhile Judge McConibe. of Troy, oa Tuesday evening, to oilier tha right hand af fellowship to tha band of AsAstaticTarar.-afr.JohnLevison.of494Broad- wsareceivingthecongratulationsofhtofriendsontheneophytes whobadjust pasted tbe.aeryor-way, yesterday preferred a complaint of grand larceny e'ection of one of hto son as Mayor of that city, he received deal, aad were now endowed with tha pow comers to a handsome ooJhtioa In osa of the upper appearsthatseveral years agoMessrs Fveieth «rtmi McCouihe,Esq .-bad been nominated asthe desKcratic honorable order. They who had already shivered arooms, which wee enjoyed with good cheer.HewsbyUse)BaataaTe Tiiniiiisad.Mo, March », I860.The Santo. Fa mail, with dates to the •Ih aud 13th of ry, an ived here to day.ia was very dnll to Santa Fe. trains were pasted on the way a .h Washk U *u t e a t l " **' V « « ««elr way to tor•a reft at Fort Unlan of an Mexicans, who areNO koauicT iTT '^•efjaon."totaieh]the route, bat large,aii taz . ^ £ * f ! ttojiaatsi Cbm Fork, wbo will melto r*m»hth. . *£ ^ ° Fork, wbof ^ ^ a w t o ^ ^ ^ p J ^ ^ **»•« P**t*f« candidatefortbeMayoraltytothecityofOmaha,toNe- creU.kf t£eseWlL0d.k' " " ^ S p ^ ^ A EformattotlKrSd- J ^ r S S ^ ^ r ^ *uUt' " d **" braska. Omahato far but hto a lively democratic^^•aajaf Ihaan lark to i of geM from soke's I>akba4htocksmith *aop owned by MrTheTheoilispumpedopminglednaallywrth salt wateror daat to a soft bluish shale or slate rock, andJics far belowwhi£ * ^ T * • * — . » • *>' Mr. Thoeoas Ptatto, both ofthat prrpcrattoav' had becaj* to goto the gold r%»ta7fi.gE»j»rcsrs^33rWnr—lnaHnWgototbegeMr^trtoa."•«*»* oeiowmines w Ibe arte, and •eatsaidexcelnatWfltad a large amount of tre£9 sj* *•Loam ta« m Jan for onDtempt of courtH><l whau^aSi^L. ir f ' -There^radV- iapplied leathersthereto,and lethimgo. occattoaed great excitementprccoonced bythe Ber. Dr.Hocrt, after whtoh a large majortty of the aadtoaos prpcustad to e aad •hskehandawithtbeyoungdoctors,to<emDloy ment they were engaged when we k i tArrivals aad Deaartarca.ABBIT AXS. F*rnHA-SU>amiriiDQu*»erCttT—WABarley,Krterre-poat. W Boarcmaa. Vbe A Fritz. H MaOa aadlady, V Fraak- neld, H Lodman, F Crben, F Skbroo, Don J Ocavataa, Joaa P horge, Jose A Pircinaat A W Detehman, C C RoauTlt BuHtBisBto • Baratoasvrae, T AosebOo,j. J.lescae B Armenteaa, Mrcreea, tneae lands were leased after warda bv * tir rir.ir- f l W p 4 l a l andothers,who proceededtoboreaweUo£tiioseUndo t»n,^had^n^d«^osedTto ? ° °« -"*tonre in contest with disease could sympathise with thosewbo had not yet given the enemy battle. The taaaatoa cityofseveralthousandpopulation,andMr.Jno.McOoolbe wasoaenotonlyoftympathybutaha of sttsaaaaasatsatoamestcertaintobeMayorofit,whentheelectionshall Theywbofweretoadvancecouldnotbatfad—mefjaaaaaaaed,atthedepthofalaot^^hHeetKnue.fortwodollars.Justice cused for examination.—toThirdave-tod* into tbe bontotmraome oTwhomneatly tuconaful. The MoOtMoak well to iaaJTua!Sabout len barrels a day. The BousdeflwZn even better than that A Mr. l^anT Z aho a very productive welL *"*••"»*'to«.trl?fl Pourbk^erl JaTa! a " m W l * DH*> * " * * " * •ory fcr the East ^Tha Rev. Mr. WlaoB, of Guerpb, C W ., doped with a" "BtedCeMddy, but after a shortTMcame tired of ber, toft her, and returned to Guelph: but^•P«>P»« on Monday night turned out upon him.denuThere are probably at least 108 this region. TheBOWouanu£ rf ~ ^ 8 W " favt»°Pe«ab^ £ e£ ? «troyed TtinuiwSg^ri worthhLVTLZ?*/*?Governor Sam Medary, of Kantaa, has left the Terri rta^kS'Jm^. *••*"•* mm-*m—+*thmrtL*J5 ^»«h*»asjiPaughkeer*ie The flames spread repHlty, and In a shortss^SiAVsti,warsa.•«rSW e t,r ,y d g I ,r dror$1 800gtntieaenare also erecting a large refineryThe deepest well yet aunk here to only about « M S j J£^if£*!*t o *»*"*b w , t «IaWeeaBosattoaftar, residenceofProfessorParker. ThebeaedicttoawaathaaI about trve degrees of strength. It seems to be most abua wnnn were deatrovMi •«>> » » • . „ r "•~ ~» «*»o oi ?'f£5?^^ lFhe lowest bed of roal.Tbe avtitement to totaajsutjid persons are fl>ck!og h*refromalldirections.Theoilisclaimedtobeaner-*n-wberebuilt Thetotterwasaaentire!v Ktoan**?£,£&?* totoftrdaSl^been confinedii'umir atcr. Some arsert fist It can be used for iubrissjt I:t$f«tenginehouseinPougbkeerate wdooct1%,000as lBsea-f ptrpct?r, althc ugh the alter has not been futy tested.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled DocumentatWaab^S.' '**»^ *?»•W.Craig,do,are LParttr,JOoasatos,01Brown,IVetfe.destroyed. The complaint further avers that the plain- proof that the members of thto institution a t attoastnotthe complaint that tha tame does act state iacta sufficientIt it not necestary for the plainuff to aver in the com- 0 NCharles Robertsontendent of Telegraph, in tbe pace of CbarteaChaphi, Aot- tion of the property. He avers that the act wat done by Jamet R. Wood and George T. Elliot of Beltevne.tog Superintendent Salary $1,200. TbeCommitteeonRulesandRegulationswere requeat-edtoMportrttbenextineeting of the Board, to detail, >be names of all persons members of the old municipal .orcc calming to be entitled to restoration and back pay, and with such, facto aa hare come to their knowjeogefrom the steamer; whereas be was only coming on shoreparation or series or prepiratlons illustrating the pbyt.o- Icgyandpathologyolthelarynx." (Applause.)tofulfilbaengagement to marry her. Shethinkstbe uThe valedictory address to the graduating class was de livered by Dr. Snu I.. CHAPS, one of its members. As tbecase a bardsh)p," and as she wants-to get married, sheHe would enter into no euiogmm upoa tbe profaaaaa. It great tojustice, inasmuch aa he had nothing to do withthe of Annapolis, Maryland, waa thrown into s state of ex thaa those of other ptofesilonE. The clergyman prenent. Tbe Judge's cane waa throat aside. and that of theGeneral came down on the back of the Judge, aad waaslivered to pieces. The Judge stumbled and fell, but was the audience with select musk, the Preetlent iatnoacelt r - e M h e not toidred, and tbe friends of the parties separated them. Dr. taoaus aUuos,aftbe class of Isdl. whodohrerod * aa address to the alumni. They would no doabt ha happyH contained a large *y o u c w a BBaawPro<lfilB . f ? , a o e ° * ! * • Huntington, r willbeacteduponatthenext Orerseers.orof " ^"state af New Yarn—-y«*•**»•Dr. Hoguc. after which the names of the successful candiLsoally known as tbs Hippocratie oath H e then toteredthis oath, and, with the formula,Tbe Doctor was listened to with marked attention, throughout.After a short interlude, during which Dodworth regaled www.fultonhistory.com 