 IAlcerman BBADTI eontpiy with theCouncil ieght that whenig«en,ooe, and i _Beawsry[InUntitled DocumentI mamawtbkok PwaS0t"3PaXOBi, Feb. a , 1860.rsrnai sxAms AXB 6BAT feasor af tbe difficulties ef mv predeoiSBor ta regard t. dttton tar the remainder of the year 1M0 The Camp round Cape Sable as far west asm b*.TOBY bolli-;seo*,•JCfUCT,«•>teaIB I * Dam~Tt»•L M rzt la- IOE(tot nsg>oav•«-• t .before being forwarded to Ni ware apptoved. It * un- doubtedly a mistake that the American Minister endea- vored to prevent the treaty from being negotiated, as be wee fully fully aware that it met the approbation of ourIBB uySB-ssBSua nsart wire ssw eausini.Tbe intelligence from New Granada is unimportant. Congress waa to assemble at Bogota in February, when it waa expected tbe Cam Herran treaty would be token upand detotitoly acted span. The statements m regard to the burntog of Btbiss is undoubtedly tree, as Mr. Jones, tow American Minister aawawane the tact in hia omnmoni- aafhm to the Department, received some weeks ago, ADTICSB raon <aa. navjorr.The War Department received advices Una morningfrom Gen. Harney, who is still at Fort Vancouver. Therewas no political news of importance. Everything waa Mr SHsmiAX replied that was to be determined by thebetween New York. New Orleans, California and Oregon ficm R. A. Smith—for cleaartig tbe streem, and leaving BOFI'IOKW of tbe kind ever having existed bet* -en that-:WASKranraw, Feb. 28, 1840. THX emartAsnsr.]fr. Mnisos ineffectually endeavored to mtrodnoe a re- solution providing for the election oi a chaplain to-morrow rxnmse mn nxsKmcrr's ATSCH. KSMUUBASTO THXAOOOS>rAXTmc DOCLnaurgMr Saxsjus. (rep) of Ohio, from tbe Committee ofWays and Means, reported a bill providing that it shall be the duty of the President to cause has annual Massage and executive documents to be printed and copies delivered to the secretary of the Senate and clerk of the House tatfor distribution at the commencement of each session Congress. that said prating shall be executed by tbe af the Saute and printer of the House at the ratesprescribedbybur,providedthatonehah*tbesumallowed for composition be allowed to each, and no moretins the rms atoms thi awghnai the bad. Mrs. tbe Ttaiemenl that Mr. Wyke. the Hritiafa Mimnter, had B fa also provided that 10,000 additional oopies of the Mas let; the public health suntrmg from tease evils, as tbe sion, as a large dock is being constructed by Sparry to bof B O UNO. £576. WASHDfGTOK.MORNING EDITION-WEDNESDA Y , FEBRUARY 29, I860.PRICE TWO CENTS.mjmWM*T*&*TL gEJ ni e f i h o i 'OttesBB u dnet have,*«h them.Hthe journal be rectified. Cpoo this the yen* and says will probably ha onOsd tofc to-aight that, aaasmochaa did not veto for Mr. Fnrd woretax rnxATT wrra STADI.Mr FOOT, (rep ) of PI, from the Committee en Qaime,knviBg bees fxhhested, and so appropriation tar tbe year 1"«< Laving Wta made, of seceeny the work of street elenning had in a measure to be auspended, and an Jens ary 3,1S60,1 received a communication from thetrelkr. oi which the following m a copy .—iicn of Mayor Weed, who, we are informed, first suggest -d tbe idee of having the work done as proposed by Mr. PetavsD, is not exactly certain, and even knewtng pehti nans are at BKOSSto whether he tstonds to support Mr. -mith. or the contrary Mr. Smith nevertheless arose i-uted the work tost night, end it is said he has had no orPH.Int. SB, long 79 45, panted a tteasxer. suppesi tehetbe Empire Oty. bound North.Cape Hatteras henrisg North twelve miles, aaw alpropeller bound South.feperiensed strong northerly winds during fitafter leaving AspmwsJl.The Northern Light brings the mnsn threeiBanihwTwt;Mr"W.Tvrvsthe Senate then wentinto exJacob Hecht, Bros. kCo A. A. Lowe n Bros.Btruss, Bro. SCoJ Heller, Bro. kCoEppeeger k CoWm Heller A CoBanes * LanderAmerican Exchange Bank.... 8bolle i Broa., Baltimore7. BnatemBroNeustedter k BrosDuncan Sherman k CoT otal.., . . . . • • • • . . . . ,,','....tf theand tbe t.amapaah to the country to the Senate ta>n u i i u AID ran n r a u c u i PARTY ear editorial teewjry, I am able to m- LUthe mformation I can receive freaa the on the subject, Mr. Part nitons torab> hnay flir*ct« , tbe Osy Inspector to report to your bonsrabie body, o« the 28in San.,» bat arrangements have been hvteh made or entered into hi relation to cleaning the streets of the cay and what aathor-tv exists bv ordmanee or charter dtorefer. and in reply beg leave to submit a statrtoent of toe tacts and tiniiiiawmauaa directly eonnect KI wnh >our inquiry Th- bnportanoe ot the subject, an1 the rerpect due »o your rrsetotiun, mast be SET apology tar tb» rather lengthy PtotesnentUpon the aMumpOon b-. toe undersigned of the office of Citj Jhspecur a the month of June last, ant inSeveral pees afkneelto the Mexican itaf thearyaisravis awaBnsihwi whisk • to ba assde af the too*anibeii» which are to be given to Mexhm Half of thaiOaVttBaMMT | 9 wW fwEwTen t O a90jtVFBX. flB texan) a M O a H B B T Thouse.FIBS rs Wrer TBTSTT-SxorefD STBEET—Between one snd two i clock on Tuesday mornmg a fire broke out in the ambles belonging to the Spring street line of stones, ta Thirty seconi street, near Tenth avenue. The firemen ucre very quickly at work, and succeeded ta sub <tnmg the flsmee before they sprean much beyond tbe bay loft in wuttfa tbe fire commenced Chief Esgxeer Decker was early os the pre mhos andof bay abort $100: no insurance There were about136 horses on the premises: they were got oat uninjured. with a companion m front of the store No ST Bowery, theof war, la Bsahte tans to eeaapate Bocoaatfu ly with1IWJ«. hot the other hair • to be paid to American eeaamonioated to the Executive by the government ofOn tbe return of bra Honor the Mayor to tb« city beagate, in company with the Compwol'ei, called upon the undersigBed. and they were informed by b;sr of the reeurts ofthe interview I bad bad with the persons making the pro tick commaBd Damage to the sheds and stock posals above alluded to. B was con::u<-e-* that, inasmuchat atensawon upon tote subjec. at vouchsafed—but frooi aw atoriat which tbe tehby ExkOB ta argute; the rsttfleamg Charge d Affaires of the United States at Paris. A printed copy, however, waa transmitted by tbe latter for the information of the State Department, of which a trans-THE SLOOT--OV-WIE lUSLKMMH.The sloop oi war Vmcennes, late of the African squad-ron, has been ordered to Boston, and sot New York, aa erroneously stated.anKEATton TO THE nnrxr STATE?.The records of the State D* parttnent show that tbe total numbe* of persona embarking at foreign porta for tbe Culled States during the year lSfio was 156,500. of whomss Br. Pmiili's projxisnle were for a less sum and for the performance of more work, ami he having experience ua utreetclean'iig.a'emjiorBry arraeg. rneaisbXHiifl be entered into with him by the cndeifjigned, in accordance with his proposition. Accordingly a verbal temporary arrange- ment was mace with Mr BmithThus it will be s*en by your honorable boJy that no cci tract has been trade with Mr {Smith but a mere vt - sal temporary arrangement, as aiieain s'atei. from *»>«»k to week. until some p»an cenld be anept<*u by the Com men Ocuncii. or until the unsieriiigneri ghuuld oe aatnor,z"d to proceed with the work, either by cenirart nr ;A? g la- bor, in such maxner that th--> men employed couid be paid.This, gentkmen, is all that has be*n done in the premisee, anO the aulbcrlty under which ihis arrar n.cni has bbeen made. ,By the charter of tbe city, orlinances and resolutionsSeveral of the workmen ba - recently been dnwbarged, and it was suppoaed the fire was the act of incendiarism. Fire Hart Lai Baker waa on tbe spot, and two of the sus- pected nerves were ornered under arrest, but subsequent ly discharged, not cumcienl evidence appearing to war rant their detentionFIREINWEFT FORTYmrrn PTEEBT—About nineo'clockor. Monday morning a arc occurred in tbe dwelling houseNo 133 West Forty ninth street. »n the prcmi»»*g of Jobn lnris The fiemes were =OOTJ extinguished. The damage ,o br.iidmg and clothing will amount to about $75: co in- fr.raiice. Tbe build;: n is owted by Francis M Barron.FIRE IS AIIXN STREET—AN ATTESIPT TO Brx> A TaHEsrsorr Hocsx OWNED BT E. WAEEX..—Yesterday morning on open- er p n>- ;:pr.cerrrpie(! rcom fSn 12) in the tenement house No. vet A"fen stieet. it was discovered that an attempt had been n idi- tiurng the night previous to fire the house. Two ti,-*'; aeii been mace :a in, room—one against tbe mantel I>I• ••-, which was partly consumed, and toe other in oneproprietor of which, Mr. D. McLafferty,mwirteied to sepa- rate ttem. when Dunn drew a knife, and it is alleged1 stabbed bim three times once in the face and twice in the body Officer Jarvte took Dunn into custody, and bro-igbt him*before Juttic* Steers, at Essex Market PoDee Court, where he was committed to answer a charge of felonious assault upon the complaint of Mr McCafTerty When tbe officer had received the commitment, and was about toconvey the prisoner tea cell in the prison, the latter broke from bts grasp, and trtpping him op, made his <fr< m the court room. Gaming the street, he ran at full speed down Essex street, closely followed by a icrowd, until he reached his residence.a six story tenement house, into which be darted, too <ffloersol! at his heels. Reaching the attic, be mode but way out upon the roof, and was about to descend the •cuttle of a neighboring bouse, when the officer arrested him and conveyed him back to ho oelL•JB af the tr-aty a t o i i • are aveintact, x a aofflrtantly evident tbeae indivKioais, corporeally firmest mkaamiadthat the real ebwet of thai feature or the •wtyistn n-TTT* the Tehoantenec company, of which awr Benjamin m President, and that thai company mSt largest credter agamst Mexsoo,aw- of damage ^ and will swallowate* the two miiuoos apprnpnatod to payet«Mn "' Mr. McLane oar siwisesr to Mexico, m* am* Isrnsariy been hugely nwaraetod m the Tobuan eert tampany, and it • charged that hm appointment ««t wiMgtt about through" the Siftswins of mwettor Ban- nam ass th« Teboantepee Ossnoany.*e <w«mie&tt of the treaay deetare their totonhons, intoast'* agamst the Jay treaty under General Washingswiahsww tod a s right todhrastly to toko away from the ie-H*Jgl iThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069open theupnearly;C LV • trktojcrs at itbe reodbnwj of tagtovesfrom % service «tbe adepties ef which the tJatee conk*tarmac," end the law* af 1798 u d t W . which werewhicb betog similar, bear the impress af nearlyyears of aaectten by the bigbeet judicial anther ty, snoeJd •^ BOgsNvr'ltjt wUVd TsULBfUilYfttWCMTTMl anssKl Br4yBMstMHCk Ifef all who enjoy the beafetto of warcempaat erUnawA,and that all acta of motvtrtnale or of Stole LagMtomrae to de- taat Ike purpose or nnlbfy the reawiremestt of that pre- •Man, and the kens made ta pursuance of it, are hasnttiecbaractrr .iuhveniveef the ssssamssmi sad r«voluNEW^TORKmERALD^**V*:*li to the Bonobkean Sneattva Com iaa n bat Bar fee ertottef. He waa token op at a •adtoate by an the dmereat finiaaa. mere to get rid of a vexed p — — than to gratifyr. Ford took, the oath of offioe to-day, and eatered i h* duties. Shortly afterwarda, Mr. Rdflto, of h Carolina, arena, and informed tea Boena that beGoods ere strewn along tbeorder to knap tbe question front toneasatog the Houseare of opatan that, inasmuch aa tbe error was aot da covered anbl after the journal of yesterday was read and approved,and that Mr. Ford bad soaasanantty token the oath af office, and formally entered open his duties,t a too tele to rectify the error, the moat important peat developed * tale case la the tact that Mr.Baffin m sot positive that he voted.1MB raw ^"w^f reduces the present rasas one half, andwaoebyan air kna instead of by 11Maaail roans. Tbe total averagerates therefore, woaid be aearly two-thirds. The sflStct of she adtonrnaasnt before the veto upon the orwnrtog of the aaam qnestion waa snneonead will bo to sand It to the Speaker's table, where it Is doubtful if it will again be rasahait The veto to-day aaassnsss a large majority tar the bill when piss ad to a veto by yeas and nays, and ye*when tbe opportunity was afforded to kill it by a esbtor fogs it was eagerly adopted.ARCSWfBSDnS (HSfflSaOD.a number of unimportantaa were Jaaaaa E. Jonas, af I sail rifflm Kaaens, they any, a s * food sow devout Catholic, sxsat ba sneceeded m segotiatuig a treaty with Ntaanaren, by sage and reports proper of tbe departments and bureaus omitting the statistics, be printed for the Senate and which Ihgbtnd abandons her right to tbe Mosquito Pro- 26,QU> tar tbe Hesse, and tar each 5,000 of the completeI at XTeguhni«y,1pes this try ft taBsnuoaDB)rnovsKanascA.Advtoes received here, brought by the Baiuc. connnsasenecf.c s f might imagine it now bemgnt it • r more limited quarterstr> en it* It is lite s man pulling his bouse down on hislegtauioa wiB orerwhebm the shivery questiontectorate. It appears that Iftearagen is to secure an an- documents in addition.increased weekly table of mortality abundantly proves. placed, as of old, in the focr apertures out out for thai pur- While thai stoie of affair* was going on, the Mayor and pose. Tbe erection of aey thing in the shape of a time-gvmpuoller called upon mn tor the purpose of adviamg teller on tbe cupola will be boned with Joy by down town snd consulting with thexn upon tbe subject of street dean people, who have missed the old clock greatly In a weekqmet in the neighborhood of San Juan. BAFoxnon ATO tans m u m .B i n s u r e by n totter freaa the Secretary of State, corntar a espy of she Bwayssss Napoleon s recent letter en the subject of commerce and free trade, that it has not beenO mmittee on Mileage.Mr FLOBXXTX, (dem.) of Pa . agreed with Mr. Wssh-bnrne, sad moved to my the whole subject on the table. The time consumed with the biU would cost morethanitThe Boose refused to table the bill—24 against 149Mr Jams Oocnwjum, (denm.) of N Y. tbe pretest rates are to bepaid the actual expenses ofMr. SHS**JI>—NO. Instead of forty, as now, twenty rents per mile tt to be allowed, and the disianee computed bj a straight geographical Ime instead of the mode usual- ly travelledMr SXISTON. (rep ) of Ohio, said if the bill goes over, this wauM be tba lost tbey would hear of it He hoped a vote would be taken. It could be put en its passage now. Everybody understood it.Mr PHXIF*, (dem.) of Mo., desired that tbe bill be printed and reirrred to the Oomsxtttee of the Whale on the State or tbe t'nton It would be at the toad of the calen- dar, with tbe exception of two or three appropriation bills, and coi.ld tberefore soon be reached.Mr £BxsttA9 preferred the question on its passage s o w , but would cor sent to a postponement till Tuesday next.Mr. STAXTOS said he would reduce the mileage to ton cents per mtk*.The Bouse seconded the demand for the previous ques- ttr-nMr. LOVEJOT, (rep.) of III., said it was simply a bill to pot the legif-lauou of tbe country into the nanus of——He waalutmiy interruptad by cries of "Order,'' and the ccEciusK n of tbe sentence was lost.Tbe question wss taken on referring the bill to the Cors- mitec or the Whole on the State of the Union, and nega tivec, T7 aasinst 107Tbe or'gnal bill was read. B proposed after the 4tfa of Maich n.xt, tn lieu of the mileage now provided by the act of 1&66. the actual expenses of a member and family in onrntcg to and returning from Washington to his place at rtswence be paid.Tbe bill reported by Mr. Sherman wss s substitute For this, allowing twenty cento a mile, to be ot mputed by a straight geographical line, and cutting off constructive mileageMr W^swxrEJtE,(rep.)ef III., wanted to know how large a family the onginal bill included.Mr. Jons Cocxiuxx said there should be some limitation of families, tar while the followers of a patriarch frees Noah would be provided for, a poor bachelor like himself would come here atone. (Lacghter )Mr. SnxsXAX rtplied that when the original bill came ap to be acted on, the limitation as to tamibee could be fixed.Mr. DATB, (A. L dem.) of tad., moved to table the subject.Negatived—35 against 142.Mr. WjrasrEsB, of 111., wanted to know whether the smendment would not absorb more money than the sri-lblll.Mr. SHSXWA* replied in the negativeMr Jon* CIXXDUTS inquired what should be coumwswjdthe famiry of a bachelor. •.. Mr. aannAX replied his substitute had nothing to dewith that. Families were spoken of to the original billS3C0.CC0 per annum, tn remove all tbe vsaet-- and garbage, anc to sweep the streets from two to six times per week, and oftenor if thu City loapactor should desire snd that the work should be done Tanfa'uily. to the satisfaction of the Mayor, Comptroller and Oty iaspeeW, or he would chum no pay tor the aame.intemperate habits. During tent evening Captain Dowhng, of the Sixth ward, arrested a man to a gloomyMulberry street, as (he alleged murderer Bato the First ward station bouse ai.d bended ever te 4 SPvey. He refused to give hte name, but staled that be acted m self defenceFxLONicrs Assurr-T— EXCITEMENT AT ESSEX MAEXXT P o u t * CorsT.—Yesterday morning a young men sensed John Dunn residing at No. fi Esses street, got into a quarrelagamst Mexico. Now who are tfaaae creditors: Prance, nor has it been officially tnasmitted by the actae.000 were make. HWXLlASSorMM lTTXEt*.The committees of the House are crowded with busi-of tbe Common Council, the cognizance and charge ofcleaning the streets ha« bean p'acett *n the harjri;; of theundersigned, as has also tbe removal of cnifiacces detrimental to the pubix heahn. ' cimi-i not rercaiu qu>et anddo nothing when the coiio MICE of the streetn of our citv <rr**<- of the ronm. The rnoen«!iary tore tbe paper from HI-MAS CATHOLIC CATBKDRAL IN FIFTH AVXr was a d-sgrace to its rt trotter, enaaig»r-ng tbe iiealtii th, y-v' and gathered tbe rubPsh from the fire place, and ME— OTEK ONE HCNDHXD EDEN 8TOPFKD WOXX — and nvfii nt our cmr s iiy their acruonia'Uig 11thsess, and are working it op as fast aa possible, in order to enter upon the political contest tar the Presidency.The steamship Brooklyn was ordered to New York, not tor the purpose of taking Ool. Pickett to Vera Cruz, but to allow these persons to be tried who were implicated in killing one of tbe crew at the time of her sailing from New York last tall.it sent to the Senate to-day the name of C Price, of Mhnniiil, for United states Treasurer, Judge Boom, of Tennessee, having declined the appotnt-Strike nt the Romas Cmthollr Cathedral. STONSCrrTKRS BTOrPINO WOE! TJFOM TH*" V E Wtaw Sib ofa State "toey shall be received Into tbe Damn wife or glWajaaw^,aatbewoiaaaiBaMmaa^a»ea«rftaatiba tone of then ntirmtw "TEE STREET CLEASIHG COHTBACrC'anuanw mficnttorn fremi t h e C i t y BOJJU) OF ALWI..XENThis Beard met last -vesmg— Pret ident Peck taThe taVowmg cssunsnicabon was rocarred from the QtyJpsx— AMeent, Kagnat, Fnrisy-7Alderman Bootx•\.v Jbeewewatmeed ss Bowhaent arciihttios toInto ewerAteermon BssstAoio irt-cb c to swverttos•i ccmpmaoE wtth the poikconc ef the •uhmu such contracts to the CeaxosonOB n- et<en of Aldermen BOOLE the u tbe Can nuttee en Oarnimg abreeto.After w>mo rwetteo boat the Board adjourned Thursday next, at 6 o'clockTBE COkTEVriOX A»OrT THM PTtoXnT CLtAircas.Is d naj ce of the threats thrown oat by the Corpora- tton, Mr. Bohert Smith, she monbtas msn,miaode te goonwith toe work of cleaning the streets as per agreemen w th the Mayor. Comptroller and Oty Iaspector, and pro Buses te fulfil bo engagements to tbe letter, so for acre nevtogtoe city from ttofiltb, and keeping K in that-eonTIE V1ECK Of m101611111.tbe ballot waa announced tar Printer yesterday, be nes between the Cnitod States and Great Britainmade a report, aeassasnmtod by a bill, explanatory of the ready to do so if their TOMBwere wanted, tberefore a hand act to carry into efleet the ninth ancle of the treaty afI sFiRTwear or FntAsex, > dmsry obstacles to contend against On Moudny nightMAeon, (dent.) of T a., a resohttios H President to fnrafeh a copyh-« title to that effioe greet eaaboxvaeensenhti.'u-ariv m regard to clesntog the streetsn.ucb diasa»w(..etnr to the pnbhc, and it was my mtoatiea to ike best oi mv ebwtv to satisfy the wsnto o- ear einaens ter ewen streetn Those who ban arattooalythe saacagf mer t ot this trsnstoe snd unthankful work arerrolier ane City Inspector are. it is said, detorsnued t•Mark up Mr. mntth, snd as the foods are in the nan-is o the former efimtel, it w not ease so see bow the foes EBB Council can prevent the moah aeeded weak frees kwtog i-receered with. The great difficulty is about too BOOHSNo more Bowies have yet horn I will proceed to theA r r i v a l aOT ttacof any report aaadv by Caasmiasioners for anarmwg beaadaThe bill was reterrtd to the Cenuaittee on Printing. THX MILEAGE OF MimtSSBkg. I stated to them tbe embarrassnient I had labored or so we understand, Mr. Sperry will have it entirelynutty to the Masanini tribe of Indiana of ton thousand dof-mrs a year, tar ten years. Great Britain m this saatterhas carried out her agreements, and acted in good faithtowards the United States. A project of treaty was sub- twenty cents a mile, to be competed by a straight reogra ihem in any measure or plan to carry out this desirable it war stated that Wm. Chase Barney, who was presentMr. Skenaux also reported a bill proposing, in place of tbe present mileage to members of Congress, to allowTux SALE or Ciurosxu STEAEXES—In our report of the sale of the steamers Illinois and Moses Taylor yesterday,panses of travel as well as loss of time. This state of affairs dnos net now exn*. He had before him a table showing that a saving of two hundred thousand daitors per annum would be effected by the proposed reform. The sBWVnt provided by the bill • more than enough to pay the expanses of a mtmber to and from Washington, traveling in tbe best style, with his wile and children, if the member has any.Mr WjflBxra.il. (rep ) of IUmow, deprecated hasty le- gwtatwn, and tugsested that the bid be referred to the Committee of tbe Whole on the State at the Cuton. They should do nothing to place It in the power of wealthy men only to come here to serve he country.Mr SsxenAX replied that such a reference would be snberanTially a defeat of the billthe said proposals with me, with a request to tend for the partus and oocsult w-tt them < n tbe mater, and as his Honor was about to leave the cit>, he w< aiii uall upon his return and see tbe cnderslgned •• reiatian to the snb^cct.gentleman ana himself.S-iix OF45 Isimswixc RELIC—A heavy silver medall.on,we'ghing one hundred ounces, representing WellingMr MATN.LED. (S. opp ) of Tenn., wanted to know bow tbe proposed straight line was to be ascertained.same; thai tbe worv un^er the cttnrter, must he done by contract, but inatn. • r». as 1116 pr (X'^-i'? ef the above par ties, if either was artvrj*ed, orrroxims'.<"*! nearer a con- uart, he woofat cooat-at to the same, am J the work waa performed by then? wnuta pav tin- party who performed itThe prepiaal ol Messrs. Hotbrook, aurgtnsh Co., as sm*B<'<d by them, was at the rate of SSlo.uOOper an num, toej proposing to remove all the .leues and garbagevanced to $135 no at whicb it was Imoeked down to George Rapbee'. H>-i., of pickle notorietyATTEST AT tfci'wx BT A YAGUAST—Yesterday morningefficer Tompkins, of the Twenty first preemet, discoveredSB aged and wretchedly riad man, named Andrew Mc Carty . preparing to hang himself from tbe limb of a tree at tbe font of Ferty ninth street, North river He tooksummoned a jury yester lay siterBenn to bold an inquest upon tbe body, but owing to toe abeeaee of important witnesses tbe'investigation could not be proceeded wtth, and it was accordingly pmel|inEOd to Oris sat I Slag Dr. Booton made a post mortem exsnamatton of tbe deceased. and found that death bad resulted from a hatime of theskull The police are using every efiwrt to discover the whereabouts af Dammann. wbo is a Ctermon, twenty years of age His victim, wbo at thirty five yearsof age,peachment, because he cannot take A upon himself to say you shall not wean tbe streets, or if you do, T will not pay tor it Bufib conduct deserves impeachment He (Aid G) contended that the action of the Comptroller and Mayor eras done for political capital, and for the purpose of serving personal friends.Alderman COCXEIX, white be concurred with Alderman Genet in some of bat views, could not endorse hit; eena- mes is respectinj: the Comptroller If it waa legal to clean the streem by days' works curing tbe past year, it it oer- tatnly legal to do so this year. It is the auty of tbe City Inspector to clean tbe ftreets, either by direction of this In aru, or by contract under auvertisemeat.Alderman Tcensr submitted that 11 toe Comptrolk-r bad the power to pa; tor the removal ef the ashes and gwr- Further prcceodmgs were mtorruptod by Mr. BOTTX, bsg«. he certainly bed tbe power tn pay for ciesnmg the (dem > of V C , nsteg to a privileged question. U s strum as they bad been cleaned during tbe peat year.pen the hot vote far pisster yesterday was not The Board ought to take seme action on ttus matter now; spen the journal. He wiahed to enter his motion to cor- the streets are set now befog deaneo. snd Mr. Smith mman . named Christian Yogt, of 318 Seventh avenue, who 'ell down stairs on Monday night, fracturing his skull and causing almost instant death.Iooatoy,Kr a-, i) and » ae. T To ear. who and three caildren. Atensn- a»r Tbc»>p*or. J Bapbel. wi'e and two ehfldren: E U Wmskwr r CBarren.MrsYoung OCrowellandwho, • Hadiook,MO Berttman Major Woodcock. Gee Osborne W B C-onda-d. 9 W Durbar B Harleson. B Lais wife and eMU; MB Hwhboll. H 8 Blseriiard and •lfe. P Drees. D 0flBxoEBWA,J J Wars. I. Eeye W W Psn'ser and eon. J Lwpar, B bcUne. John J Dtekev J B Welsh B Orom « m Iieebse J MeBieksels, B toiwo M Paul seas Tokto, Brg C T Wfwew snd two shtehwa A WBaan, DOA Barbonr, t AcasM, A Jew#tt X naeity W rfsask. J1 1 1 haeher. Or* famp awd wm. B Kraft. P W« «wooen, J Tretosr '**e EVtaeg. wimaadehOd: J C 8 W Ii«->»rt A B Wonoui B boPtec iJ Xiighi wife and twn children; l a CaldwellA rowwrs .1 F I nm, J koosdne. & O Hunt, W 3 a v n . , O Johnson. J MeJIatr J It Wawton T D Pierce. M Wtewoor, * fbeles. D 1 abauah J a"k ire. J Banter. W A Tri*»«us »wsa. Cant B McNair B B rohuarua, B « Dulijaws « 'theandentire betweenMr. COCEKJSO—Ah but I want to o n t o back to tesaily lebttton (Laughter)theC u r m s i n i . Ac—Mswrnabtp normern LajbIra Bal'coei. Mrs 8 J May. Mrs H B May andFaiiixner. N * KMndg* and wife. Mm BoBjbtae sod twoehll- dreo. J met lea. O V Munoex.» W Jwwett. Mrs Wright Wsa H i wrnoc, 8 Barker. Jr H Henry. C IMekimrm J 8 MwoMB A Roes KSmith, •apt A 8 Ball andwho, A Borer Wm H MarDilator* mouons were made by opponents of the biU Ftoetly the substitute reported by Mr Sherman for thebill wss aewaead. Yeas. 138. nays, 44niter other motions to delay, Mr SmninAS moved theprevious question en Ito pnrwege, saying that if thm uroered. the bill would go over to the _r»;t and wife Wm t> Asbiey and wwe, C O tonakinll. * rtable, and there could he a s telling whan it would reached.rect *Th* movement erissid moth interest all' ovwavthe faaJLBy the entertog of Mr. Boffin's name for Mr. (itoeFbrenner, election weald he vtUatod. as Mr. Ford obtained only .fttatent number to effect n choice, according to the enMr. hxeaas, (8. ossO of fimk.tj_Iltow to^WI aweaBMr snsWlTMtoTMssl awjjPsmPgfa fjpiMBEl *%WI a V -and tarpr. Btaaon, wbile be voted tor the 1 srd"prcketing some gr.Oeo a week wbue we are miking here. B 0 in the power of any ostixen to put an injunction at Mr. gmitb, ane be hoped such action wouw be taken.Alderman FAEIKT said tbai tbe Board were as wise now a* tbey were before they received too communication for St did not contain thetal'vrmatiooasked tor.TOTsnsBarAwnawj» , l « « o . •}awme of tile difficstttes I encountered; still, during the Tbe arrangement cuts off oortato perquMisea andTbe beer of meeting wen fixed, on and after Thersday, summer and tail, and until the last of December. I per nice little cuttings and slicing* which have always The exited States Mail at twelve o'cleek, seen. severed, snd the kind and partial eipitmmnsof approval •alien to the tot ef certain affieteht, and » TSBklepaagh. anrrtwd atdtheCkrkifbmfMr Ruffes) ansae was recordedthat thn Clerk replied that II waa. Ha added,•pen leefctag at the yeas and nays today,bn name waa not recorded; and Mr Ctxsnon, (rep) of Pa., presented a peUQen for the Tbe aipni. r:aiion for street clesntog for tbe year 1R69 nersoral tntereuts to those of the general public. The ac rived at Havana at three F. TL, Feb fit, and h i at sixsuch appropriations, the following received from tbe Comptroller .—communicationwaaPolice Intelllarewee-ASOTHEB BOM1CLDS— A MAN BBATKH TO BSA7H OfTBI FIUST WARD.Yesterday morning, Sergeant Johns, of the sub stationof tbe First precinct, received Infill iisMlna Ills! Richard] tinerken, a German emigrant runner, was lying dead at tbe secend story of No. 10 Carlisle street, the result ef a beating received on the evening previous, at toe bends of Piednth Dammann, barkeeper of a rum shop located at No. 94 Greenwich street. The informant waa bat wife, wbo stated that on Monday night her husband came home laboring under tbe influence, of liquor, aa she thought.She assisted him to bed in an insensible condition, and enawaking tn the morning focnB him dead bis body being ©old ana rigid, ihowrng evidently tootbejafter they retired to hwd. Acting upon toSergeant John* despatched a couple of <of tbe alleged homicide, No 04 Greenwich Ihouse, kept by D and J. Clausen,(acts were ascertained —Guerken called thereauemooc w m wl at intoxicated, sad asked for a glass ofliquor, whicb was g-ven to bun. A second demand for liquor waa refused by the barkeeper Dammann, and wan followed by some nouns demonstrations on the part of Guerken. wbo next endeavored to get boated ten bar for the purpose of helping himself Being pre- vented in this be raised a heavy water pitcher from ton counter and attempted to strike the barkeeper wtth ft, Beirg provoked at this, the latter ran behind the counter, snd Mixing a club struck Guerken over the bead, stog- gerirg him anc felling him to tbe ground, bis bead strik- ing against the eouxt^r in the fall. He lay upon the floor insensible for some time, when finally a conveyance obtau eo and be was taken to hia restdenos. Tbe immedately instituted a search tor Dammann, hot he t tot tr. be found A rumor that he bad suddenly left for New Orleans with $300 which he obtained from a friend • disbelieved by tbe police, who are of opinion that he hiwm ———i~—»••' " " •• • "••.. "'-'^:^=W5W?y TM^-jr»;.,i,^^p>|i,?|both frem the public snd gee press gratified a n m the o act to he exseetod «hnt they will be soamnmcATJOS or rax TAEIFF. tboi>ght tbn< 1was measurably successful fudrtnly struck with patriotism as to sacrifice tuetr morning She left AspiawaH Feb. a , at eight P1818 with Spain Ordered to be printed. Anns Aim JUKKT anrrsarrswmm aj.Mr. DAVB, (dam.) of Miss.. moved to take op the bill sntborizmg the sale of arms to States, anu regulating the apnemtxeeat of superintendents of public armories.The qstatian bemg en the amendment to appomt intendento from the efflom or tbe ordnance corps,Mr BAU, (rep.) of N H , opposed it He bad the stadias of the stodeam of military aende tound they centoteed aelhmg to fit them forMr. DAVB said ton Senator s remarks bad no aeehestton totbebsB._ _Piarti. B DEUIVIE. f M>, ctto Iti—irwaniPis- The acpropmaea keretr f' -• made for cleaning aWwssjW eallrely eihHOMed, and I avaU mjselfoi this oop^rtuaEyreauaeifuUj IDroiify TOOibat to »»ew of the laBowiaw clausein tbe twtBtj-etahtbareuoaofSbs stv-ettbihatcuonofwechartertowit.—•curred b'whether the object of •speadhor* shall have been erdrrod bvthe ( women Ooaaetlor aot uaWfi an .ppropriaiior abmll have been previcush aaade euvertos sitrh saroesss " Abr in view of the restrtcwB eontalaed in tosthirty-nrwwanen efmeshar- ttr. »h>* senartmsat wi'i be usable m pay any saoaejsfbr parwttkhi the cognisance of any of tbe<" awpmpriat ass for such purposes shall Save bow proper crdteaaeas of lbs < cnunon toured" In. me awproprwoons made tost year have aot beat par menu wLl eostinue *> be made as usual.ROBERT T HA WS, OaaapwoBsr. The effect of that oommumcation waa to pet a atop toall work en the streets, and it was only upon theof the undersigned to the Comptroller that thegarbage carta were permitted to proceed with theirI entertained the hope that upon the passage of tbe tax levy or appropriations by the honorable Common Council tar street cksning, I woekf be enabled to resume the work; but immeStately upon tbe passage by that body ofrowrrnssAEE's OrrmE, Jan. S, Itao. $die cartmen employed in pettteos ef the First and Thira wards struck so« left him. swing, be boteves, to some tamr* ring wnb them on the pert of persons in the Interest of tbe Corporation. We did not hear, up to tbe time of gong te wren tow nwwntag, whether stottmr difficutaeswere experienced lent evening1 Me BwtoF Jersey BsHrtrawiwi Interest. TO TBB EDITOE OF TBS HSBAXSNEW Yonx, Feb. 28, lfifiO. As an adv ca»e cf freedom and free legtslation, I can»nt but eiptow my admiration of its glorious beauties, aapr>enteda ew days since in the Mew Jersey House ofAssembly. A tetter from Mr. Edwin A. Stevens wssreed to that body. hi whicb be generously waived the pri vilege ef using the New Jersey Railroad track bridges or other property, ss may seem good tn bis own eyes, pro- vided tbe said company will give him, without compec •ation, the right to bridge the rivers—a right for which tbey paid the sum cf *15*,0W). Without founding dis- respect to any s e e , this trsnsactwti ta suggestive of meet- ing a cool orofessional gentleman on the road, who tlret claims a right to your property, but eventually concedes jfiur watch prowled yon surrender vour purse. It has veD reported that Commodore Stockton once said, that be carried the state of New Jersey in his breeches pocketo r DABTEI B. TrxtsviE, k*q.. fjky macular:—niav—. have to reqoet that no ••paanifo at saswsymywar deparuweai for elsanirg suoaat leseopi the removal of aanos and garbage; be Inenrred uattl fnnber aavwed By this depart next BOUT. T. Haws. Comptroller.This eommnxication, as your honorable body will per' own beed. When our legislation M so shaped as to beBET- IETMESVOOEIT—imi t i m e s Jan. 28, ISffi.)cetve, boand EM bend and foot; I was powerless to act Even the cross walks and gutters whicb by ordinance I am directed to keep clean, remained untouched.regsrclesB of vested rights, who shall escape it* banefulFTXAXCU,>Thus many of our streets were almost impassable.othersfullo<snow,iceandbrinyslush;cross-walksankle TBECrrrHAULCLOCK—Thesightlessorbsofthecupola deep in mud and filth; gutters froaen even ever tbe sidewalks, permitting no drainage to tbe sewer or other out- on tbe top of the City Hall will shortly be restored to vtunder, and my regrtt that I was not permitted to go on and put the streets in a otosniy cot <iiuon. that having pmced myself en record to gr*<> tbe cttneos of New York clean ttreets, I was r*rtecwy willing to co cDerate withready lor tbe auihoriue*.Pt icsi Ime, and lepeaiicg all acts and parts of acts on object, presummg thry, as well as myse!r. were anxious and bid $30,COO an each ship was formerly associate-' thus sabject. Mr. Sherman said some members receive to have our streets placed is a cieasiy condition. His with fommrwio'c Johnson, the mail contractor, aa a joint frr.m five to six thousand dollars milea«e Everybody btnor tbe Ma> r Lereupon Submitted to oi•• two proposi enver wtth brm for nearly every mail contract last fallaomits that tne present system is unequal and unfair t e n s or proptsatH. aortrweee tr. hun wfcich be bad re-It was adopted at a time when it required as many weeksas it now does days to get here, and to pay members' ex- ceived—one from Mewrr Hdthrook. H •irrms k Co , ami one Mr. Piirney aesires us to say that such was not the fact,elects •MCTCAX RIGHTS.City lotellif enee.Tbe Comptroller at said mee«r~ stated to the unoersigseo thai be oould no* concern to a further continuanceof the work of strevt cieantog in the dasher and form iswhich the unt-etsigt-ed ban previotteiy conducted tbe Tbt M<i<iu)g commenced at tlOO,and was slowly ad concealed semewbere in the city. Coroner Schirmer111 this I was ougn.^'L* « , jot only from the reDorteand records of my cfLco. as* also from the public press.Uncer these ctrcumstan<:est gentlemen, with the at vise -ment of the Mayor and CnextiireileT. snd having only adesire to promote the weltare of tbe city, I consented toadopt the proposal of Mr. ftxatb as ta.- unly resource leftPRICKS PAID AND PRICES DEMANDED— APPEAL TOTBB ARCHBISHOP, ETC.The stonecutters employed spen the new RomanCatholic Cathedral in process of erection tn Fifth avenue, have stepped work, on account of e refusal ef the con- tractor to increase their pay The strikers number 114 men. A good deal of excitement prevajs in coaseqeenoB of the work having stopped, and ttus excitement • pro- longed sad intensified by the present absence of Arch- bishop Hughes from the o t y . The tacts of toe cons, OB tar as our reporter has been able to gather them, appearr<moeoce while retornmt home on Sunday Bight, A vor- to be ss fellows — d'ct in accordance wt>h the feels was rendered, and theme to perform this work,so necessary to the wants, ne- 1irwmers*I n q w e s t scessities and health ef our etiisens.hi thus employsg Mr atorth i have been actuated byFATAL FALL.—Coroner Schirmer held sodsy upon toe boby of Wm. B Austin, of No. M0 Eent Eighteeentb street, wbo died from the effects of injuries received by falling mto tbe area way of No. a*2 m theno feeling save a desire for tbe public good; and shouldyour honorable body paae any reemuti;>n or ordinance,either to do tbe work of street cleaning by contract or toperform tbe labor by day's work, it will afford me satisfaction to carry such ordinance or '^solution info immedi- same street, whicb it at sup-ceen he mtStook for his ownate enect DANIEL B. DELAVAN, City Inspector. Alderman COBXXLI mowed that tbe communication bejury further deemed the railing* round the area way very iTsafe. and toe occupants of the premises worthy ofMr John Joyce, one of the tergott stonecutters in the cay, te the contractor for doing tbe stone work m con - section with the erection of the cathedral As the hwJht* i ng is to be a marble structure, and the largest church edifice ta the city when tvonptetort it. will occupyaccepted and entered on tile.Alderman Gram said that the communication was s censure.mass of verbiage, signifymg nothing If Mr Hews re: SfDorji DEATH reon A FALL Down STAIES.—Coroner fuses to pay the just dues tu d e city, he is liable to im- Pcbirmer also held so inquest upon the Body of a Ger-Alderman Tromr. asked it toe Aldermen of the trrnth ocukt tell who the party wen that ottered to tract tor eleanteg the streets for tVO.Oofi per annum.u x -Aluerman FAUST did net wish to name the party at present, but when aeceianry would do so.A Herman Bootx moved what the communication from the City Inspector be referrtrdto tteCornmittee on Adopted.Aldermen FAXIXT offered tbe followingReserved, that me CHyfor any bock.T Fox and son -and BO In the ate* rase.• IMIIHIi-Sw BilBww Wi HLortoX.'•'' MIBSIETUA—Btia:ewooa.by daysemployed directly byl* E arr* hie generals, snd ssid to have been presented u> Wellington seen after tbe battle of Waterloo, was sold at a**ignee s M > yesterday, by Messrs H B Herts k Co.and sweep certain stn-em from two to four times perweek. The proposal Tom B A i-mitc was at the rate of him before Justice Kelly, who sent him to the Aims leaves a wife and child, and a ssid to have been a axea of»bw procuro** tiie means to make the fires Fortonately tbe material burned on. of itself. Had this fire got under way at mi'night wh< c the tenants were sound asleep, we in. iinubt wo ,d have had aether Elm street calamity to record, and one peri:a*is equally ss dwaatrous to human Ue. TheeTtr\ Marsha! bu tbe matter under mveatigatton.Persoxtnl AKEITALgvatone work involves fine bulk ef fi)be performed, besides bemg a pietiacted job work of excavfurther maipnaniil, to Beriously, where m thisloteUlgeniepassengers, and nearly $600,000 ta treasure, follows —block Fiftiethfrom Fifth toand Fifty-firstEighth as www.fultonhistory.com 