 IFn • ?f-•v/>y'/-;''*<*>>;o^Vi»*'>rtwV--<';V;; .Hvit;*>,y^v.iyc<-$&$*."«*y$'wwshoutd rules* it is either in- h ladings it would.-'V J ;,>n wheels. such oases. the upper ily to* step d safely toite one for ptheprovi- all aimilar 0 oar civili- Bity, within iJtitudinou* Id be teenars by, and ine, but as werofthe e ofseoux- pf escape. Jscue, bottiboth alike !e t< a d»- n, let t hi* [ill, stimu- li generalsuch ua- Dwasiers character>u; adding ting of tae b&en pre-^faqhrogtou ioosAupea 2 took the icner that wipers sayowing''to ti various hose orbitsay wast r oeisopat an to say.weight OD naic char- ey exhibit fordism, a possibly e as they »ii quality >ovi« has aker, and 1 to assail• himself, u When n him for hem io a *d. Bat ry we do Piokney. more fia-x than Mx„ mrrisDdinjr ors ia the Hiaehar- nrspicioa.poutical mMic life- *fore him i brilliantturning i* to pro- beseems re. as we demand* c the li-«o ace, andif n most them to gf of the at be is ox fail to >cds, and icy he So ame timeWith this ^h'.oa, he |rg curs jeno are; political Pprehen- gress or (not oneof Mr. | a corn- people.»een won that are wove ofpolitical s of Mr. larjland wt. Hepopular meet* to o be his »historyCHJBft-f Congo s repre- s. Our reputa- uiercml erfrom ve§ the tsionsry —if we u H e r eJy ar- t ahuo- tiie brig i inter- been ia a a loss averted esutxfalat the tad left ipposed Fe may tuooao-rw, as grants adpro-hy the United States cruiser Marion, but*f•! .stead of being a patient in a lunatic asylum, he is.liv- the Tout-Office Depurtment for the Bcal year ending tbe l?.*h ofwere playing ball. He, Mr. Giddings, was called having gone .to TJtiea to obtain his medical advice for money aiiBingfroin the revenue of the Prst-Olnoe Department, father was absent. The weather was inteusely coW.•no kept it flying, he might bave been at this moment- offering up a Udcum in a Cuban church for having do unto us. From the fact that Brown had carried bhouts, he would know that he (Forney) was here.with the mail service, and for whom we came to make tbe appropriations to supply the residue of the defi- ciency for this fiscal year, to appropriate the revenue ot" tbe Department for that purpose, and whatever is necessary irom the tieaaury. Toe question of the dis- continued routes can then be considered.Mi. WASliEURNE—Will that other bill need to be taken up ? Does thtb bill embrace any appropriation ex' ending beyond tbe 31st' day of December iast ?Mr. PBELFS—No, Sir. In my opinion it will hardly be sufficient, to pay the Poet-Office debt to that time.* I think it will about do that.Mr. W ASHBURNE—I have no objections, to this bill if it will not interfere with early acEion on that^S f.«.»were appointed Tellers.Before the vote was announced, Mr. Forney wassworn in as Clerk.Mr. Boflhiiih was elected Sergeant-at-Armsi Hereceived .114 votes. Mr. Glossbrenner, 92. Mr. Un- derwood. 7.The SPEAKER declared Mr. Hoffman elected.On motion of Mr. WINSLOW (Dem., N. C.) the Speaker was authorized to appomt the Standing Com- mittees of the House. .Mr. SPINNER (Rep.. N. Y.) offered a resolution that Mr. Aden, tbe late Clerk, be allowed eight dollars per diem frtm tbo 4tb of December, 1859, till tbe 3d of February, 1800, for extra services, in addition to his salary.Mr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.) knew be was doing an nngracous act, but he felt bound to oppose the resolu- lion ab bo did a similar one some yearn atro, for tbe benefit of tbe gentleman just elected. The law fixes tbo compensation of the Clerk at $3,600, and that was enough.Mr. SPINNER referred to the fact tba>, when a sim- i'ar 'evolution was ottered for the benefit of Mr. For- n« vy it was passed almost unanymonsly.The ^eas Mid nays were taken on tbe adoption of the rt solution, which was rejected.An nnaucceeeful motion was made to reconsider the vote. <Mr. DAVIS^(Ad. Dem., Ind.) asked but failed to receive consent to offer a resolution proj>oeing to re- place ibe former seats and desks in the ball.Mr. COVODE(Rep., Pa.) gave notice of his inten- tion to introduce a bill for the purpose of raising reve- ille Io meet.tbe current .expenses of tbe Government, for preventing frauds on tbe revenue, and for'nrotect- tf-g iron, coal, and other articles.Several gentlemen on the Democratic side objected to the no'ite ; ' 'Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio) moved that when the House adjourn it be to Monday.. Mr. CRA WFORD (Dem., Ga.). wished .to whether this was desired by the Speaker in order that the latter might.in the meant ime appoint the Standing Commh^eei..citizens from their homes in any part of th"e country, and rendering no man secure iu his own bouse.Fifth: Because, waiving all other objections it is unnecessary,_ inasmuch as for all tbe purposes of inves- tigation, testimony by deposition under the jurisdiction and within the limits of the respective States is fully adequate. S. G. HOWK.The witness stated that he had known John Brown during the troubles in Kansas, aud had sent him money and aims; they were raited by contributions made for-the aid of tbe inhabitants of Kansas; that be ex] pected Brown would repel armed invasion by armed resistance; that Brown had gained his entire confi- dence ; that.be was a man of tried honesty as well as courage; that after the troubles had ceased in Kansas, U r o w n continued to devote himself to advance the cause of practical Anti-SL'ivory; tbatin1858ForbeswrotetoDr.Howeclaimingmoney for past services, informing him that Brown had arme, ccc, belonging to tbe Committee, and intended a hos- tile demonstration in some Slave State, and that ho was incompetent to it; tbat unless the management of affairs was taken from Brown and given to him, Forbep, he would expose it; Dr. Howe had never known Forbes; That Senator Wilson, about the Bamo time wrote to Dr. Howe, stating that he had been rold Brown intended using arms and means belonging to the Committee for unlawful purposes, warning Howe against Brown, and advising that the arms be tahen from 'lira; that in consequence of such in formation, orders were s«nt to Brown to toko the arms and property of the Committee^then stored in Iowa, into -Kansas, and to be mod only in defence.of Freedom .there. Dr. JHowe had KOmeat8 of knowing whether the arms were the same taken at Harper's Ferry, but supposed they were. Witness could procure copies of the record, aud of the orders sent to Brown, and would do so.Dr. Howe knew nothing of.tivo Convention in Csn- uda. Ho was not privy to the plan of attack on Hsx-"^K_^^^www.fultonhistory.com1 M N » ' Al'iWii" ""i'>-v»-J•-••'--jimm- • —.(>'•• !•. ^»ii#rV**<**ir.;^';'^"HMtW&fa*tib/*lim#i'l*m-,'L. .- .^ •.••'.-•'.'. • .'•- •-•- t,Ai(3:>B<a>VWwi'<.»W^.A)»^»m&i*!«*was contributed. Brown accepted an invitation to of tbe Arminirtration for the perpetuation of Monday. The debate upon the resolutions was of tbe most Ii is a notorious fact that Vanderbilt had been rsceir-captain of the Taveruier been either stupid or tea, and remain d three-quarters of an hour after- Slavery. Our country has higher and nobler ends. Mr. WASHBURN (111.)—I wish to ask tbe gen- exciting character, but two members apologizing for ing of the two companies jointly—one on eacb~s*de—frightened, he would never have permitted himself ward. Thet-e were the only occasions when Mr. Be would guard ana protect every Southern right, and tleman does his bill propose to reinstate the m*il $40,Cf 0 per month for laying up bis ships and keeping t o be taken by in Englishman. II« very foolishly enforce tie Fugitive Slave law. In conclusion, he service of the country which has been discontinued ? the course of the South Carolina Legislature. Nicaiagaa clneed. This arrangement continued up tof -Clark and Eiggs, and with the exception of Mr. Davis Mr LEAKE (Dem., Va.) ,*»»* the reason assigned nized teveTvl papers found in tbe carpet-.^ **> f« fu RECEIVED BY of Maryland.;. by Mr. Sherman was notaufflci^*o. induce the Dem-^nsags•.»•- Vl-1_• •'•:• « fJi-•¥;- -R:.-- MM'*i*&KVK-$}mation between the two continents established and contkued solely that the light of our Chrutinu civilization might go from us to those dark and desert places. But beside the Rebecca, the Xa&xens, the Star of the East, the Ottawa, andOn Thursday the contract was eigned betweenvCom* Mr.Hoffman nlporeceivedthevotesoftheRo- ocratstoconf-ent.toanadjournment.^1Monday. bishandwriting. Hedidnotknowofany£*(P*>&i*~modcreVanderbiltandMessrs.J.Simonfon,auJ.T.F.w«*d ia T the Asa Fitch, are all >eported as full of raw ire may be missionary material, stowed in bulk, and at certain the Orion, w&icb. was recently sent homeSpecial Dlsp&tnb ta Ttao N. K. TrthnoaW ASHINGTON, Friday, Feb. 3, 1860. voted for Mr. Underwood. Mr. Glnebrennor, in addi- Wbjs and Means. j citiDg uiBurrection or shedding of Wood, except in self- the Qseen of the Pacific, and is to be the exacteooa-that a trade which will give a profit of two or taree hundred thousand do)Ja:s m a single trip is flour-SKC. 3. And be it further enacted, that interest at tbe rate of six per cent per.annum, to commence one month after tbe expi- The Bepublicanswill again meet in conference to- ration of the quarter in which the service was rendered, and to-tle from tliese, except when taken in fiagnrntz delicto. It by chance the? bbould happen tbea toworships. After tbe lecture Mr. GiddingsThe numtei of applicants for subordinate plasos is unm-ueliy krge.ated.SKC. 4. And be it further enacted, that the sum of one thou-rthe trade on the coast of Congo; out we would notbe understood as meaning to imply that there is any lack of xnovement in tui- staple oa the shores of Chesapeake Bay. On the cootra'y, it is exceed- ingly Ijfvely. From time to time within the lasttwomonths,reportshavereadied u«of anunusu- ally active troffic going on in Nor h^m and Eastern Virginia, even to such a degree that the unobservant traveler could not fail to TOnark the uousual num- ber of the " tkrec-fi'tQa' class io tae railroad cars. The same causes which, perbapn, have produced the nri&k demand for the r<»ugb material on the coast of Congo, may also have had influence on the better bred and more valuable Virginian article. Ttie de- mand which in the South-West insists upon opouing the trade with Africa, wul st-mulate the traffic in oar Northern slave country, where bearers will be anxious to realize while the price remains undi- minished. But a more potent influence than even the love of money has btrenat work in that region. Irreconcilable as The fact mny aeeco to be to thatfeeseneent institution—wlixcK it b-neficent at all, J*a* much so in Congo a* Virgima—it neverihclenb isa £ao5 that John B/own*« work was not pu: an end-to by harg'ng John Brown. The re^i»-n m<>re im-mediately wiioin the influence of his stupendous\act of fanaticism is becoming i'a-^t depopulated of•-its. slaves. They are held by tbe in«n u» aa unsafe investment of proper-'y, and by tne womf»o as an enemy harbortd at the r own heurth-stoties, who •waitonlyanopportunitytorevereentaeinnocent as well as tbe guilty the wrong* of centuries. These women, we think, &r*« just now unnecessarily irijjbt ened; but the men are undoubtedly right. As a permanent mvefctnient there can hardly be a worse oneinVirginia than slavee. The trade isindeedity rencered their veidict last eveniDg. It is quite was only for the purpose of " frightening-^ the old line,. lengthy, embracing a careful review'of the testimony. to prevent their shu'tkig down upon bis $10,000 perTbe Jury find tbat from all the evidence adduced be moTitb for doing not ring. fore them they do not believe that tbe owners of saids lucrative business.We were speaking, as we said at the outset, ofIn a business pour of* view there is every reason to distrust its security. Tbe Jury further find tbat tbe befitve tbat. Vanderbilt will open the route, which wetherefore, assume the responsibility of advi.-uug the Virginia Legislature, one way or th J other. The most we can do ia to*fcay, if Virginia thmk* it bent to bold the proposed.Convention, let her hold it. If shettinksit best Dot to hold it, let her .not hdd it.Mr. Da*is inquired if these doctrines applied to lunatics and insane peremisMr Giddirgs said, certainty; they are, by soci- ety, secured irom committing wrongs upon them- selves.; eecured in their lives, and in all libertyThe American General Committee met in regedar.- monthly ees*«iou last mtrht, at their- rooms iu th«••;..•»••; -^>.?;- / ' > *—*.-• •s- !>***#* mmm :.tmmceedei tbence to Congo foraretarn cargo—a strik- TBE LATEST NEWS, fected by the votes of all present who had voted for j Deficiency bill p s W nowr« *f *• was not, the codu per'e Ferry. Witness gave mtK* other evidence^ but ing exemptification of that bonefieent iotercwro DOani- Speaker Pemungton, together with those of Horace F. try would see on whom -rested-the responBibility cone involving any leading Repn^''«*M5*M'r He recog-JSEW STEAMERS FOR CALIFORNIA.W e cannot possibly be more specific taan this; which they can enjoy in safety to themcelves andmorning.One Cap:. Moses was arrested at tbe Exchange to- dication was reterred to a Commitreo of five, anu aOLly we may perhaps add that, having iuioibed afavorable opinion of Mr. Jam»-H Barbour oi Cul- pepper, from bis recent repo/t on tbe Harper's !Ferry case, aod, not knowing as much about any otber member of the Legislature, we reeoinrneud that body to follow Mr. Barbour's advic-*, wictiout knowing what it will be. If this position of uon- ©ommittal on the grave question which, The En'jui- rer asserts, involves the Bafety of the Union, does not satisfy that print, and all Virginia beside, we ilmA tbey are bard to please.BXXOCJULTIC E»TXRTAix>ix>T.—Tbe Youn# Mcnb' Union Democratic C'Jub was ent*-rtlined at tieir nsjms last sight by tbe Hon. Angnstos tJcheli, in a 8in>{>*»r. After tbe fnpper, the Club waited upon the lion. CharlssJ.Paalkner,tbenewly-appointed Ministerto Prance, at tbe New-York Hotel. Ex-Goveruor Sey- mour, who was present, addressed Mr. Faulkner on behalf of tbe Cmb, and Mr. P . responded In tbe course of bis remarks be referred to our commercial relations with Prance, and he promised to use his en-deavors m improving them.others.Mr. Davis aaked if raiuors have this right.Mr. Giddings answered—Certainly; they areunder tne protection of parental affection until suf- ficiently developed to judge for themselves.Mr. Giddings expects to be discharged by the Committee to-morrow.THE ELECTION OF CLERK, ETC.,The election of Messrs. Forney and Hoffman to- day, exhibited a better working capacity than was anticipated, aud promises a practical, majority throughout the Sension. Tbe conference to- morrow will decide upon doorkeeper, postmaster and printer. It is probable that Mr. Marston of New Hampshire, will be nominated doorkeeper, Mr. Lucas of Illinois, postmaster, and Mr. Def- rees ofIndiana, printer. But thereare various combinations, and some quite questionable, to de- feat every proposed programme, and this may not succeed.THE COMMITTEES.The Speaker has made no tender of tbe principal Committers yet, beyond that to Mr. Sherman; but it m believed that Mr. C>rwin will be Chairman ovindictive party pasaiou in various ways, to the peril Messrs. Bocock, Harris (Md.), ColfaX, and Gamett,,. of private right and personal liberty, ae by draggingpublished an announcement that he was the com- manCer of a charity ship, bound to Gibraltar, with food and raiment for the afflicted Morocco refugees, lie presented to the Sons of Malta here what wan sup- posed TObe a forged letter of introduction from the Grand C« mmander of the Suns of Mnlta of New-York. He was held to bail to await a funher hearing. He profested his innocence, alleging tbat a certain party, iu New-York wouli testily to his honesty of purpoee._—, p ,The Case of .Hohn MorriHsey. BUFFALO, Fridav, Feb. 3, i860.communication fiom a set of contestants fronv tbo Twentieth Ward, Messrs. Savage,.Mack,and CanfieH, who chim tbe seats now coucedcdAoMsnsrs. WiUuims, Brett, and Oaklev, was talceu up-and dtscuseed. Tbe mauer bad been decided at the last moetiug, but the contestants were not satisfied. Much personal cross, fiiii.-g waseiuraged n to little purpoHe, and the matter \v«f at la^t abo referred to a Committee. At 10ore ock Mr. RufosF. AndrewsofferedtottfouowmgreaoUuion, which was received with)considerable applause:^Revolted, Thht thi» A t»eric«w» Genwrn OommUt** oonoE*tulAt«« thf ppop'*1 of thewj t*n»Kd St»te«iipon tho eUscuoo of ©x-Gov- eruoi P.tniBKt'rj a« Sprakor of the H«UIKJ ot RopreeeaUitlves of t»,o U»itt-S Stat««; th«t tn him w« b«lk.v<« the cooatry h u cwuird to pr*-idf <^«* thopoiuKr branch of th« Oov«rn*a«>t a ^tttioal«l"V^bVoftbe^•bool of Wchatrracd Clay; aud that w«Tbe case of Willard I*. Maynard, indicted for the"manslaughter of John H. Tilken, was reamed yester Foreign Aflairs, Mr. Stevens of the Judiciary, Mr.Pardon of JMttcfaael Porter.C^raxsToK, Friday, Feb. 3, I860. «;v> two of whom bud already expressed themselves;day in the Coart of Oyer and Terminer. The prose- Adams of Manufactures, Mr. Curtis of Military Af- eotion re*ted their case, and the defense offere<l tesii fairs, Mr. Colfax of the Post-Office, Mr. Wash-Tbe Governor bae pardoned Michael Porter of the hixotigly opposed to Mr. Pennington's iodorsemeat; steamer Marion, who was sentenced to be hung for a»:d as to the tidrd, it was uncertain but he mighi do.ibe tame. Mr. Andrews, by unanuuo«s vote, wm ;;c'rb:d to the Committee. The Conuniuoe retired and disagreed, two adheiing to the ab<»ve retK>Iutiocs.mony to show that tbe blow giwa by the prisooer todeceased, and which caused the fall and his subsequent Territories. Mr. Washburn of. Maine, declines death, WIN given in self-defense, and was justdiuble.After the wrmtning up by the respective counsel, the serving on the Committee ou Elections, as hereto-Judge charged tbe Jury, who, after an hour's absence, xeadejod a verdict of acooittaJ.fore.T^iese suggestions are entirely speculative, as Mr.knowunder wster..ano.a corpso ulougaido of Jier.Tjosod all onboard of her perished. posed all *Failure.Itbi^up- rReuJxtd, TbaUht.acurwcofthoHaa. G ^ T W Br%rm jrn-**thi& io tip oujzc ii;r Hou>©, moot* with oar QOrdial approuadja, asA thtt tie country own tcurh to hiiu lo> hia oUoruTto »ll«iy>» *i<- tii-iial ajrttation, and aeonro haraaonjr in th« Oongreoa of tho l.aiu-d Mutt'». . . .j^l'er a long dieensfion, ard an endrces amonntof . eifcumfecution, a vote was taken at miduight, which .Penoington has given no intimations, and is deter- among: which were four againt-t Lane, the Fnlton mined to hear all friends before deciding.The Grand Jury brought in a nmnbsr of iodictrnsnts,Bank defisuiter, and two against Korples, tbe allcfred dishonest dork of Heeker Brothers. The Court tuen adjfruraed till this morning.T» th* XjMooi&ted Pre**.WASHINGTON, Fiiday, Feb. 3, 1880.ibe remaining officers of tbe House. „, Mr. HUGHES &i>m., lud.; wanted the Pest-OfficeThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069CIKCIKKATI, Friday, Feb. 3,1860.yesterday. His liabilities, which aro mostly to East- \u.u. Tbe quofction was laid on the table.MAGNETIC TELEGKAPH. publicani?, and abont half the American vote, and was Mr. SHERMA W replied that by mee<uig to-merro v tirn or fociety in aid of Brown's plans. HebetO*"6'* Secor & Cov for bnUding a powerful new steamer for thus elected SergesnUat-Arms Seven Americans, tbey could do nothing, as a single objection wou>\'l pre- Brown to be a contentions arid honest man, defer'* the Atlantic and Pacific Mail Steamship Co., to run be-lamely; Messrs. Maynard, Moore of Kentucky, vent tbe PortiOfiice bdJ beinjt acted on,as the ruleb r**- mined npon practical Anti-Slavery, but opposed to ex- *v*ten Panama and San Frsrcifico. She is to be calkd Qnarlee, S'okes. Holton, and Smith of North Carolina, onire it fbaJl first be referred to the Committee t.'f ttion to tbe Democratic votes, receive'* those of Messrs. Mr. EEAKE—DOT 'f. vou waaf a caucus to-naorro-w 1 .defense. He bad given bim aid and comfort as sncS. terpsi *-;of tbe Northern Light, except «oxx» change iaBouligiy, Biislow, Hardeman, Hill, and Leach of Mr SHERMAN—We maybarve one. Witness being preyed to state what be meant by nicdel, x'tith a view of obtaining grarter speed. f$he j» Messrs. Giddings, Plamb, and Dr. Howe, ap- North Carolina, aud Vaace, who belong to the South- Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., Ala.)—Let's etayhere and spresdinp practical Anti-Slaveiy doctrines, for which to bave t\ ^o beam engines, eeyenty-two-mch cylindenvpeared before, the Harper's Ferry Investigating t>rj> Oppcsiticxi. finish tbe election of officers.The bid mtrodnced in the Honpc by Mr. Phelps to- The question on an a<)journment to* Monday was de- pnrpos^ contributions were made, illnefrated bycom- and tweve.^eetetroke. He has also contracted withCommittee to-day. Mr. Giddings stated his wish day appropriate '$4,296,000 for the deficiencies of the cided in the affirmative by sixteen majority. paaifon with efforts made to spread the Gospel among Harlan, Holb'^pworth & Co. of Wdmaigton, DekrTHE HARPER'S FERRY INVESTIGATION.•escaped condemnation, is again on the Coa*t,6 .-mader her former cspta D, and waiting to load. to be examined without delay, and the Committee \esr ending withjjune Jast, and for part of the present Mr. PHELPS (Dem., Mo.) asked unanimous con- heathen, etc.bu*Were of the i'-bampion, Mr. V/s iwn steamer on tbe41 •-. - 1 :and could Ircture in Jefferson, where Mr. Giddings Tbe Bon. Clark B. Cochrax e writes to a friend hereing the deficiency in tbe revenue** and defraying the expense* of tl«e Pobl-Oulce Deportment for the year ending the 3( th of June, M5&.These vessels are all uader the American flag, aod a r e loud and bold m avowing their purpose*, as free and enlightened Americans ought to be. So iong as the stars and str pes are kept waving over their decks, no British cruiser can meddle with them, though those decks should be black with tregroes; and until they are, officers of the Uo'ted States squadron hesitate to secure them, for with-Pacific, for boiloHng an iion stern-wboel steanW for as to his residf nee, aod tbe liino be had served m the transpojtation of tbe mails. The third section appropriation* for theservice of the Post-Office Department, for ' AnotSaer Shocking Accident- the Ssn Jnan, Nicai"agtia, that will carry one tkousandpolitely consented. After answering interrogations fiscal year §2,400,000, under tbe law of 183G, inpay- sent to introduce tbe following bill:ment of iLe faJajnts of the cffiMrs andclfrko, and for A hill innlinp nppropriations to defray the deficiency in thetctil j¥.ar ending 3l>th Juno, 1B59, jind in part for the supportCongress, he stated his presumption that a note provides lor an interest of six per cent on and ofthe Poi-t-Ofiice Deptrtment for tbe fincal year ending UOtb THItEE CHILDREN J3TJRNE0 TO DEATH—THE pawngers and tbehr baggage, and willdraw only iitwafter the expiratiou of the quarter in which Jrme,38&0.submitted to him, was written at the time indicated tbe mail service was rendered and a sufficient sum to Be it enacted, &c, that th« rum of fonr million*, two hundredby the date. Its object was to answer a lotterfrom pay it, ai d appropriates $1,000 for temporary clerk and ninctj-bix thousand, nine dollars and twetty-wiac cent* bo, ai-d the nine is, hereby appropriated ont of any money in tboJohn Brown, intmating that he would be in Andover, thai the bill will be pasted next week. :MOTHER AKD THREE OTHERS BADLY IN- f(.et watrr. She will Lx> of the same sire and capiicityonthissubject, beiogitdispopedtoaryconference concerning tbe dollars and cents, but told Brown to^Legislature.ishing uadt-r such protection. Toe vessels ha«e come and lecture. Brown did so tbe followlittle to fear except frvm American cruisers, and lit- ix>g afternoon, in a church where Mr. Guiding keeper and Postmaster.tbo dot e of tap rpjj^oval of this act, shall bo paid on all sums lutions of ibe South Carolina Legislature, proposing a foi'nd.due to cdntra«orB for carryinj! the mails, and tnat a sumsufficleut to pay the same be and the same is hereby appro^'i- Disnnion Convtntion. .fttt-d out of any money in the Trtanury not otherwise appropri-The leading men of both parties denounced them, as a proposition for national treaeoB.:appealed to the audi-noe, reciting the perse iutionsmeet a Utited States vessel, which is not a violent to which Brown had been subjected in Kansas, the of his oiaibricaJ response he said the Eop abb- fcorviceeof tt-mporsoy clerks inexpeditiug thepayment of thecalled at his route one morning and said his father was in wt»nt of money. He was just starting to deliver a lecture in Portage County, and the fol- lowing da> had agreed to be in -Ravenna, whe.'e one O. P . Brown, who nad been a Senator, and was a man of influence, lived; that he understood a society existed there for charitable purpose?, such as as«isting fugitive slaves to escape; that in bis hurry Mr. G:ddir>gs mentioned this fact to John Brown, jr,, and said he would ask O. P . Brown to assist bio father. That owing to indisposition, he returned home, without going to Eavenna, andand sworn in, and till then no business is in order. He moved to proeet d to the election of Clerk.Mr. B A R K S D A L E asked, if there should be a pro- tracted contest for Clerk, who would record the pro- ceedings ?Mr. SMITH replied; in such a case they could ap- point a '(.TO icm Clerk.cle in the way of speedy action upon it, but as it is a very short one, and can be understood without difficulty if read in the presence of the House, and as the case is-an extraordinary one, I ask that the bill be put Uj>onithjHssaae. '' VOICES—(on the Repubb'cau side)—Agreed.Mr. PHELPS—Gentlemen upon that side bave beenwas, therefore, unable to lulfiiihia promise.Mr. HOUSTON—It:does not appropriate so much.ings were.in every respect constructed aud located ashe originally designee ; that the inner supports'of Brversgs receipts of each of the tweaty-four trips cast iron previous to erectian had his approval, audwere by bim adopted as in all ports safe' aud secure; $70,78409, and for the same number of homewardhire to expedite the payn ent. No doubt id entertained lrear>ury oot otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of supply-H m * P ARX, Pa., Friday, Feb. 2^*»#••Tbe dwelling of Daniel Eariey, sen., was barned Vaiiderbilt bad tbe route.last night, aud three children perished ia tbe fftmes. It is not kaown what ar.^ngements, if aoy^bariS out such positive evidence of taeir being engaged Saturday afternoon, wb le gentlemen of the village ing wbh the i'amiiy of Dr. Gray, the Sapermtei dent, June, I860, tbe sum of foar million dollars, peyeble ont of aay second-story window, but a l badly injured. The more easily arranged than to geC" scitaWe river^boatsiin the slave-trade, it is difficult to procure a con- demnation; aod if not condemned, the 8UApec:edaside from the play and introduced to Brawn, andcbionic eonsiin&tion and rheumatism.Mr. Brigj.s gave notice in the House to-day, thatare hereby appropriated—and the further sum of two'miilfons tl e foriner may be ordinary wooderr steamers, wniia lonr hirdied thousand dollars is hereby appropriated, pjya^to This morning the theiaaomeier marks sixteen degrees iron only » suitable for the latter. T&s river steamerlived. J hn Brown caue there accordingly on flat he will soon return to Washington, and that in- faxc. 2. And be it farther enacted, that toward the support of The mother and three other children escaped from a fcttn made for lake-boats. T^hat, however, rt» b«rtrader may seek to remunerate hicuself for the loss consulted as to the arrargements for a lecture next be would introduce a bill granting power to the*Assay Said sumH to be expended, in conformity with the provisionsof below zero.-of his voysge by a suit for damages. No wonder day. lie uas no'sengaged more than three mioutasCilice in New-York to coin gold unci silver. Mr.Scottalsogavenoticeofabilltoestablish conimunicaiion by u railroad .and telegraph, betweenthe set approved tie 2d day of July, lSZh. in the payment of the «c)arioMoi officers and clerks, aud for the transportation of tbo iti»ils, '••'•".•'ia to be ready by ibz Is*, of May. Sbe ioae becis-ar-ranged and modeled entirely by Jo. Scotr,'VanderbiH'sagent,whocameonfromNicaragcaexpreenfyfortiratpurpeW. Tbe opening of the Nicaragua ranrt*"has been Tbe Maryland Legislature, to-day, received the reso- eo loDg talked of that nobody has any faitlr tbraf H wiCythe Atlantic States and California.morrow, on tbe subject of the election of a Door-ever be done, but everybody Las corns' fio* x»gard Nicaragua aid humbug as synonymous. ;Tirocause of keeping the rou-te closed far mb lastfour c^five years is perfectly plain and busimies-Siko toCol. Forney was serenaded to night. In the course sand dollars be. and the same J" hereby appropriated for the murder of his t.on, aud the fact that he then was can party had bren basely slandered in being creditors of the Post-OfBce.There was quite a strong rote to lay them on tbe tbo*e who nad-retand anything of the gam^whick table without reading trem, aad they would have beenprobability, they have nothing to do but show a held resvontibie by their political opponents for Mr. PHELPS—If tbe bill be received, I will en*er a so disposed of but for the plea of respect due to a Sov- tie tteaootbip Commodores have been playrogcsthe last on object of sympathy, hariDg no regular business tbe Harper's Ferry raid. He had witnessed with motion to commit to tbe Committee of the Whole, tbtee or four yerre. The only marrtbat conld open the- - -clean pair of heels—a thing by no means d'fficult to on which to rely for support.. A satisfactory sum pain the conduct of Northern Democrate, in con- and as we have no printer, I trust it will be printed in ereign State. Tbey were finally made the order of tie route baa been the very one who has kept it olosed. d o to most of the vessels ot our navy. Had not the cert with thoi-e of the South, in furthering the views tbe proceedings oftnis day, and we can act upon it on day for Wednesday next.Giddmgs bad seen bim. Brown, in his lecture, said be was like Mazeppa when bound to. his steed, Mr. PHELPS—It ooes not, because that can be con- "hauled down bis flag, which was no sooner M?en by spoke of tbe duty of Christians to aid the slave in who, when *ent forth on bis perilous journey, from sidered as well another time. I think all tre ought toGov. Hicks'B let*er to tbe Governor of South Caro- the first of March last, when the tapwas cutoff; andthe British officer toan hr, was aboard of him. Hudregaining the natural r'ghts which God gave him, and of doing unto tbe slave as we would have himwhich it was designed he should never return, shouted do now is to make appropriations to provide for those back to bis persecutors " I will return one day V If needy and depressed contractors who are going onlina tei's bim tbat Maryland cannot see any relief for her, but injory, inthe establishment on her borders of a foreign asylum for her fugitive slaves.— •#> : 'on iihe tenth of the eame month Vuaderbilt first co«- mer-ced running bis ships to AspinwiilL"That Vanderbilt has intended opening/the route ever ebce bis eubeidy was etopped there is no doubt what*Jbeen permitted to land forty per cent of a cargo of slaves Irom Missouri into Canada, and his argu- *' nigger*" in merchantable order. Now he has lost ments in favor of aid to t-laves to gain their lib-XXXVITH CONGRESS: .FD2ST SESSION,SENATE....WASHINGTON, Feb. 3, I860. Tbe Senate is not in session to-day.HOUSE OF PEPKESENT A TIVES.Mr. FE1STON called up his resolution, offered on •yVednetosy, that a message be sent to the Senate in-Verdict in tne PemtoertonMill Case ever by those who bnow anythingccnceraicgtbe factg- * LAWKKNCK, Mass., Friday, Feb. 3, i860. of d>eca*e. Vanderbiit's talk of openiog the joulel i s voyage, and. will be put to the ioc-mvenieueeof a trip to this country to unde'fio the aonoyiDg though lutrmlets formality of a trial, bc?ore he can resumeerty, and that he had no established residence or business, Mr. Giddings coucluded Brown would aid slaves to esc»p*», if opportunities offered. He bad no other authority for this impression than the reasons given, and that was only generally enter- ia:ijed.Mr. Mason stated that John Brown had said in a letter that Mr. Giddings wruld endeavor to form societies to raise fund?, and as&ed an explana- tion?Mr. Giddings answered that he was unable toTbe Jury of Inquest on tbe Pemberton Mill calam-previous to the first of March, or to starting bis line,the President, seated in his parlor, could hear thosefo: roing ibat body that a quorum bad assembled, and subject.fite originating at'.erthe fall of the mill was caused by some person to them unknown, and. at the time actuallyeboten Mr. Pennington. Speaker, and that the House in TOWready .to proceed tc business.Tbe bill was read a first and second time by its title.Mr. PHELPS—iscw 1 propose, in order to keep tbe Mr. NIBLiACK wanted to know, if tbe resolution bill before the House, to move to commit to Committeec'earer', according to bis- agent's own showing, who engaged in,aidm^, assisting, and rescuing the sufferers bad tl^e handling of nearly ail tbe money, one millionwas adopted, who was to carry it to the Senate ?Tbe SPEAKER replied that the acting Clerk would.Mr. SMITH (Vu.) raised ihe question that, by tbe lawby 1789 and the precedent in the XXXIst Congress, prihte for the entire year. I will not make that ob-opt of any money in tbe TrcosDry not oth^rwis^ appropriated.of tbe Wnole.Mr. HOUSTON—There can be no objection to theand a half doitart. The Secretary of the company, who prepared a statement, exhibits tbe total rece'p»8 of twenty-four consecutive tripe daring the years 1853 and 1854, embracing part of each year, at, outward, passengers and freight, $1,698,818 18, of wbicb $112,116 43 was for freight; the balance pas- exnger money. For tbe s&me number of tripe home- ward, the aggregate receipts were $1,710,224- 95; tbds was exclusive of freight, as-the skips brought no frfi^ht from California. Tbe smallest trip was July 2^,1853, o^itwMrd; the passenger receipts were $17,947\ fxeigfct, $333 B5. The l*rgeet trip wae 5th April, 1854; past-enger rece'pJs, $120,576 75; freight, $7,628 04. Tbe emal'est homeward trip was Oct. 16, 1853; pas- senger receipts, $41;851 81. The largest trip wa« J uiy 1,1853. It amounted to $109,266 42, ;rmtkiog thethat* Committee be appointed to aet ia conjunctionMr. AJiu-on desired to know'if Mr. Giddiogs's with such a Committee as may be appointed by the If we pass it this evening, it will go to the Senate early tbat such inspection as be required was giveuto tiips $71,259 33. The aggregate receipts for theSenate TOwait on the President, and inform bun that on Monday morniug. ••'• the iron pillars, and that any want of skill in design- j twenty-four trips were $2,409,043 13.say what Brown thought. That John Brown, jr., nobody can notify rbo Senate until a Clerk is elected jection, because 1 do not desire to interpose any obsta-bill,oriftherebe,itisonlybecauseitdoesnotappro*then alive and beneath the fiooiings of the mill. UponallofwhichseveralfindingstbeJury determine, and say tbat tbe direct eanse of tbe fan of this mill was tbe weakness and insufficiency of the cast- iron shoring; tbat the thinness of tbe brick walls, and their manner of construction, the length of span from one support to another bentatb tbe floor timher, wtre additional cattsea, and aided in the general demo- lition of tbe bui'dings; tbat, so far aa acuuU defects in tbe ca^-iron pillars exit-ted, tbe responsibility rests upon Albert Falter, the lorruer contracting a^ent. und foreman of tbe Eagle Iron Foucdcry then ac West Bos* ton; that upon Cbas. L. Bigelow, being the architectconsulted, and tbey have expressed to me a desire thatThe SPJbAKER decided that tbe practice has beenin accordsnee with Mr. Fenton's resolution. There the bill shall' be printed eo thbt they can read it, and I as well as the superintendent of this struc ure, rests was no necessity to bave any delay till the election of feel under obligation to let it take that course. If all tbe responsibility arising from an insufficient test of a Clerk. gentlemen on that side are willing to consider it now, said pillars, and from any and every defect, weak-Mr. JOHN COCHRANE said the sending of a however, I certainly bave no objections. Let it be ness anc insecurity apparent in and about the general me» sage to tbe Senate was no more business than tbe read construction of said building; rhat the ,w>lle wererunning up of tbe flag every day to indicate that the H< use is in »<es*aon.'Mr. Feistoir«reso1nfcion was adopted.Mr. GROW offered a resolution, which was adopted,Mr. STANTON—The Senate has adjourned to Mon- laid under his supervision; that.tbe timbers and floor-day, and if we pass'tbe bill now, it cannot reach them till then, and not a day* •will be saved. It appropriates about two millions ordoliurs.lectures bad not a direct reference to the institutionof Slavery, .- ^ communication he may be pleased to make. does. - any \*ant of due care aud cnution in properly testing The Secretary of tbe Company, stated that frombuxiie of Illinois, of Commerce, and Mr. Grow ofITnluaown Schooner Ashore.( ,LKWsa, Dei, Friday, Feb. 3, 18©k tbroiigbout, and two proposing to leava the fo*u»*r oukMr. Forney's election as Clerk of the House was ef-rtboth Houses are assembled, aud ready to receive anyMr. STANTON—i will not object if nobody else ing, any en or of judgment .in approving or adopting,Mr. JONES (Dem./Ga.)—I object. I do not ob- the different parts of tbe structure, on bis part appearmental prmciples of human governments, to the Mr. W ASHBURNE (Rep., HI.) gave notice of bis in- passing.till it can be printed, so that we cau all read direful catastrophe, involving the death of these imprescriptible right of man to tbe natural law or tention to introduce a bill amendaiory of the Steam- it. Ir we pass it now, we -pass an important bill, in £~ bun an beintts.Mr. GROW gave notice of his intention to introduce Mr. Giddings replied th*y; all referred to the funda- uHomehtead bill.! $2,500 to $4,000 should be added to eachtrip>for " L t b - ject to the reading of the bill, but I do object to its ii g, to that extent rendered him responsible fur cbe mue proportion," which he said- was " uniformly ab-boat l^xc, and also a River aud Harbor bill. '•• my opinion, in too much of a hurry. |Mr. SHERMAN moved to proceed to the election of Mr. PHELPS—Let it be printed, then, in the day's a Clcri), previous to which there was a cad of the proceedings, and i; will be ready on Monday. I enter House. • tbe motion that it be referred to the Committee of theetnictcdlfrom grtits receipts."It must be remembered tbat these figures show thewill of the Creator, as defined by publicists and.philosophers in Christ>-xdom. for the last two centu-ries. Those teachings assert the rights of every Mr. SCHW ARTZ (A. L., Penn.) nominated Mr. Whole on tbe State of tbe Union; and now, Mr. aken from tbe ruins.which was opporition, the eame as at present.because it has not been for Vauderoilt's interest to open tbe Nicaragua route that be has not done so, but be-•caurebe,withbisformer experience,had'no,idea of having his ships seized and taken from him, without some one, either Nicaragua br tbe United States Gov-human sold to enjoy life, liberty, and happiness. Mr. Mason inquired if this teaching of tbe High- er Law was regarded buperior to human laws andthe Constitution ?Mr. Giddings answered, by the improper use of Dawson of Alaosma.^DemocraticCongressional v e n t i o n s .Con-Fornev.Mr."SMITH(Dem. Va.)nominatedJamesC.Allen,tbe late Clerk.Mr. NELSON (S. A.,- Tenn.) nominated SamuelSpeaker, I submit the motion that the House adjourn. Adjourned.Notices were given during tbe day, in the House,Mr. SHERMAN replied that tbo Committees would not be announced earlier than Wednesday, but his . _ . " ,„_„ 'tiend* wanted some time to arrdugo for the election ofu TM ..fot-eph JSlstner, afloar merchantof th'solty, failed Mood equal fox the amendment and the original roaoJu*Untitled Documentthat bills will be hereafter introduced as follows:By Mr. SCOTT (Cal.)—Bill for the purpose <->f es-SYRACUSE, Friday, Feb. 3, 1860.Ta\ lor of TennessoorMr. COBB (Dem. Ala.) nominated David E. L. tablishing communication by railroad and telegraph tions, for tbe election of Delepa'es to Charleston, ernment, to look to for reimbursement. The only ob-JURED.a«tbe steamer Ogden, which was usedfertraasport-Tiug pastengerB on the rive. during the five or six' yearrMarylaixJANNAPOLIS, Md., Feb. 3, 1860.mill, at tbe time of the demolition, ever bad reason toImInhd«j*tand be.bas now positive y decided to do, with tbe accidental breaking of a lantern, in the bancs of as liitie delay as poesibl*. Wnen be had tbe route hoSigned by the Coroner, Wm. D. Lamb, and by the receipts cf one line when two were runjLing.-4ono of Jurv.Tbe inquest was held in view of tbe 22 dead bodies^Ic is notTbe National Democratic Congressional Conven-between tbe Atlantic States and California, and other wr-re lied yesterday. in tbe XXIat, XXVth, aod stacle to opening tbe route has been the treaty, whichpurposes. XXVHIih D'smetHj'wbea the following Deletrares itwasneceeearytobaveratifiedbyCongress,iu orderterms, we olten confound our own ideas. lie TheSPEAKERapDointedMessrs.Elliiti,Whiteloy,understood tbe term law to apply only to such Smith of Va , anu Maynird tellers. By Mr. GROW (Pa.)—Bill to prevent the sale wer* cboHCD. For the XXlth District, W . G. Studs to afford tbe necessary protection. Congress havingTbe babot resulted: • of p'ublic lands, except to actual settlers ou the public of Cbr-naniio County, a d Carl A. Kohler of Cort-spectable and humane; but it is not a wise way in enactments as accord with Divine will; that wri- While n«mbe' _. 221 1 Forney : 112 domain. • . ' . - ' . land County; for the XXVth District, Ge-o-^o tf. now organized, it is intended to have the tseaty ratifiedsafer than on the coast of C'>n^o, and just as re-whiefc-toput away property for tbe next genera- tion.ters sav no eractment invading the natural lawi*of any moral validity whatever; that any enact-ment wiucb seeks to take from an innocent humanWcKt i u . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I77 By Mr. CO.VODE (Penn.)—Bi*lfcr the purpose of Carr of Cavnira County, &ud O W. Candee of Wavne; Q raising revenue to meet, necessary expenses of Gov- for the XXVUIih Dis-ncr, W T. Hubbeil of Steubw.,at once.Mr. Vanderbilt needs no one to tell him that it would.bv? for Ids intercrt to open the Nicaragua route, whea bis passengers could, bo transported from ocean to ocean ioY$8 a bead, instead of paying the Panama Railroad $25, wbicb be has been doing since he commenced run-being life or liberty, imposes no obligation on such Tiit Rxchmond Enquirer d<»CH u» Injustice ia say- a victim and confers no authority upon those whoand coal,, and such other articles as may be necessary to protect American industry. .irg we would not have Virginia pre-eut at theproposed Convention of rle Soutr-ern States. We the right of all men to treat sach enactment aaThe Overland Express from Denver C»r,y arrived ning bis ships to Aspinwali, beside the balauce of here at noon today, bringing $3,000 in gold dust andbave uttered no £uch sentiment a» this, and TheEnquirer knows it. It makes tbe Htateinent for a to deteatation; that our Constitution recognizesCoiuinittee. Mr. GARNETT (Dem., Va.) nominated James C Special Dispatch to The N. If. Tribune.Tbe dates aie to Ibe 26th nit.partisan purpose, and excus«-n itaelt to its profes- these doctrines, declaring that no person shall beAllen, who, he said, bad been a steady and consistentDemocrat, and had never voted for the exclusion ofnaturalized foreigners from tbe privileges to whichthey are entitled under tbe Constitution and. laws. Ferry Investigating Committee to-day. He declinedproduce from one to two millions of dollars per mouth Railroad $25 out of it, wont pay. The more businessafter tbe owning of Spring.Tbe yield of last season was about two millions of Le does in that line, the worse he is off Me is there-dollars. fore going to open tbe route because he-«au carry his .p»-8rengers across the Isthmus for less than dm-tkird ihe present cott, beside saving some 500 or 600 miles in distance—equal to about two days audia half shorter wail arrival.r siocal eonseiefcce, we presume, on the maxim that deprived of life, liberty or property, except by due the end Justifies the mean*. process of law, that is, by indictment aud con fic-WASHINGTON, Friday, Feb. 3, I860. Dr. Howe of Boston appeared before the Harper'swould deprive him of either; that it is not only void, but ic is the duty of every man to hold it up"Or. Mowe Before tlae JTnT'esSagatiBis' seven passen^eis."$75,000 mail p'*y which the road gets, but which ho would be entitled to. He tJuinks tbat carrying pasarm- gtrs to California for $40, and paying the'PanamaNcct-Bsary to a choice.. ....Ill [Allen ...',.... Taylot 23 | DaivdonBouse decided to proceed to the election of a-Sergeunt- at-Aims.Mr. BOCOCK (Dem., Va.) nominated the presentincumbent, Mr. Glossbrenner, saying he was one of Ashuy Office in New-York to coin gold and silver. tbe bei-t oflieers who had ever bHed that place, andag;dn:-t whom net one word of complaint"had beenn.a«^e m any quar:er.Mr. HARiCiS (S. A., Md.) nominatedH. A. Hoffman cf. Mary land.ernment; to preventfeauda on the revenue; toesta:>lish On motion of Mr. SHERMAN /R«p., Oluo) the home valuations, 8nd to impose specific du-ies on ironaiid H. C. Deming of Livingston.Tlie Denver City Express. LEAVOWORTH, E. T., Friday, Feb. 3, I860.The weather had continued warm and pleasant at As we do not wihh to in any way mix ourselves tion before a Court of competent jurisdiction, and He believed Mr. Hoffman was elected to a former taking the oath to testify, unless he was permitted to Ihe mines until the dav before tbe express left, whenI•':«'•.{ :ia the family difficulties of Virginia, we desire to a jury of his peers. Such enactments possess no Congress by Know-Nothings, and supported all tbe enter his protest against the whole proceedings. By snow, fell to the depth of a foot or more along the 1/roscxiptive'prhiciples and policy of tbeivnow-Nothing Platte River.observe that we have not the least leaning, one eiemt nts of law, but are gross usurpations of des- way or ibe other, in respect to the course of Vir- potic powers, not delegated to man—are criminal ginia toward Mr. MemuiinR-r'» Couveution. It is in themselves, and render those who enact, who a subject on which we feel very little interest, &ai sustain, and who execute them, accessory to the bare be*itowed no thought whatever. We cannot, crimes committed under them.party. [Crieb cf "Ordei" from the Republican side.J He commended to the admiration of the country the fact'that the party whose chief desire for organization was as their Mr. Sherman had assertedthat tbey might expose,tbe corruptions of the Administration, bad mauguiated their proceedings by electing as Clerk a man whom' a Committee of this House' has found guilty of.roalfessaice. [Cries from the Republicant«idc, "0><ier."| .Mr.'HOUSTON inquired wliether Mr. Hoffman was not nominated or recommtmed, as rumor said, by the Back Republican caucus yesterday'/Mr. GAKNETT thanked God that he wasnotamem- ber of that caucuB, but be understood the fact to be as Mr. Houston bad stated. He withdrew tbe nomina- tion of Mr. Allen.permission, he made the following protest:The undersigned, having been summoned to appear and testify before jour Committee, and being unable to resist the power of the Senate, obeys tbe summons, bur, enters his protest against the proceedings upon thefollowing grounds:First: Because the tribunal created is secret and in-quisitorial.Second .• Because it is created for purposes beyondthe legitimate scope of legislative inquiry.Third.: Because it usurps powers nowhere cloarly delegated by tbe Federal Constitution to Congress, oreither branch thereof.Fourth.: Because it is dangerous as a precedent andliable to abuse in the opportunity it gives for perversionof the great power of tbe Uuion to the gratification of daj for attempting to swindle our citizens. Mo-es hadBy Mr. BRIGGS (N. Y.)—Bill granting powertoIt wat- tbe pi evading opinion tbat the mines wouldA long tinin laden with flour had arrived at Denver City from New-Mexico.Accounts iuni Arapahoe," on tbe Vasquez Rivsr, represent the miners as stdl employed. Only oue death had occurred since the departure of the previ JUS express,Flour is quoted at $1<> per 100 pounds.Death pi ex-Mayor iosies off JPIaila- iun was s^ent in a rambling and acrimomonsdiscussiondeijp>Ma«Pinr.AnEMMiiA, Friday, Feb. 3. I860. Jucge J< el Jones, ex-Mayor of this city, died thisrelative to contested seats for the Tenth aud Twentieth Wards, Messis. Corson, Porter, and.£Stlm*r, nowad- n,itted for tbe Tenth Ward, are opposed by Messrs. Beatty, Heuated, and Wainwrigbt. fh ©mutteroC adju-Judge Masten to-day imposed a 'fine of $300 uponJohn Morrissey, for leaving the State to witness the null IIJH «>k>rUon "» »« tn-lrfeuce of tuo p«rm>ineuoy oZ th» uutoaof tnea.- 6t&u«. ruw ae a rebuke to aect£ouali«u «ad-;fanaticism prizf-figbt between Price j and K^lly. O'Dounell, the- lK>tb «' tin North and at lav t>outli.I I mmreferee, and Brij/gf, one of tbe seconds iu the sarrefield, were^fined ^200 each. All promptly paid their t.uci tb* Ho** awry W iuirr Jocvii., ia voting in lavor of JVtr.tines. • •. fvvDiBgtov "«•(' with o«ir coroiai approbattoji. aod that tboL,The Comnscrceof the Rakes. OSWEGO,Friday,Feb.3,1860.country ov. «-H wiicU to tbtim for thy«r effi.JU to BJJOOOO urolionaJ (.^mtion, aud tecore batttiocy i» th* CoagT«8o.of tbo Uaitnd.A ciscusrion however arose as to v?hetii<» tlie in-, The Commercial 7Hmcs' annual stitement of the dorscmentol Mr. P«uniugtou should sot basUickeocommerce of tbe Lakes, now beiug prepared, shovs j OUt. ftr-that by converting Hour into wheat, the total amount Mr. G-LBKr.T C. DKA'N thought Mr. Psunmctoa of gram abipied eastward from the Like regions over cou:dnotheafriei\dof the Auiericiu party while beLuke Ontario in the' voar, 18o9.was 14.800 000 bushels, agnint-t 21,800,000 bu'chels in 1858. The .siupmeutn by other routes loading to the seaboard show a considera- ble decrease since 1858.voted 43 times for Sherman and Helper's book.Mr. ANOIUSWS thought an iudora*»m*n4 of Briggsanxiut \ed to an ind rruement of Peuoinrftoa.On motion of Mr. WHIT AKER, to. avoid discttosion,be Ctair appointed a Commit<ee of three to paloh up ( be reeolutiuns of Mr. Andrews; but evervbody want- d to decline. The Chair at last appointed a, Commlv-aicing iu the escape of slaves.An unknown clipper schooner, with deok load of iihd make the latter readfus follows, omittmg;^benaiae. cotton, IB a»bo«-e below Indian River. Her stsru ia of the Hon. Winter Davis:ern hous&B, are reported at $100 000.Adjourned.AMERICANGENERALCOMMITTEE.GflriSJH!'•'-•- N >—,-V •Bowery, tbe President, Mr. A. J. H. DUOAKNE, in the.- cha>r. TLe attendance was pretty fuih; but the evon-Jiavicca, That tbe coonu poreu^d by tho Hon. Q M H » . Brlsn)  