 »1f boaod oy all thew**t As to th* result, they mast •i^frtto.theoaodi->rth or Sooth, wastheprecise;these there's a will so to do, it e«a Jtate can now be the sectional can* This was hie mightbediffer-mode topursue, this early period; ickot He believed! empowered at aitot. aod pnt it forthitsd firmly by the > Iriaciplea of Waaft- |pn rily, a&d not a** tho present day,,» "upon the North;]in hostility to the itrymen'withtha pinealparties andion and the Coast** to the last. [Load>prop riate remarks,. ] foty* to move the >*at Baltimore. Ho >n man, behoving • te was in pohtios. own the growinglieenJUirgpdupon docJared that the win ids farewell —hence the aooos- »thismeeting:of like him who had ears, rose and laide forward to pro* Jlany Union-loving &y ^ er» compelled f»r.Garrison,and ionable principles feted that higherthis or that article K>n; and he for one trne Union man,landingmarnave. JepnbHcsn, in sap-?He urged noon -'*** of u*iog their werenottiroaguwhile poweriosa y really held too aer of the otherticket composed emocratic and Re^ >Here was a elue , itfatheremarksof{that it was on- Thefatarewas t a fmnre dayto teenre the objectthat there was &«• '. inigs on the Com- \ %-. the polwy taea \ sew'Lsi non-ister- *freedom of the * their own, in*ti- • er Douglas was &He was now, I wellasinoppo-* >&lest fight ever Iand tvran&y wa» I setallaepower£\A dedArod that h. It had com-overboard their* I The minority didK compelled themf the pow*r of the> bUcaa. party falsetion.es the Republicans \rPoiliips-s speak he object ot tin* into tne Hoaae. ny person is, and tie, when Hacahn lere for election. jobject,todefeat ity of the, peoplet'uion only, the Ciioa ticket, no, be on it. Wasriee of No, no.J to rise from their ytothepeople?gmentorallyto ionse'rvativo mentoe _Constitution considerationsto ms in toe State, tiie Republican*are among the d thiefea, worse hey had robbedious, and stolea tmarebandit, ny, who rob the- nar these thieve* ombine.•TXof tie people this end $20,000 ds for days, to a1'.Weedwould, damwitine, and upon all honestyd to protect the the ADpoblicask So negro phiiac-He offered a B«Uand Kver- ij for the Preai-L'niced States.tia'T.following:ated to couaiit ofappointed by tiw- form *& Electoral ) of toii'Staso «t aa-a that tn»y be *-tbejcdeembe«& ' »»trrjf OJusoe Bttd,BaU-aad Zawardlsubstitute, with te elections the • majority of the •ceed to the tec- bate by Messrs. isolationodVredCommittee WS4*. A. M. Biafager, pa, JeM»] Reed« C. Hewitt. J»-.'.. Chiw. B. K m - ott. i> O. y*ia.<w, PbJiiip., w . y. t, Jamet L Axp*>, •a O. Har«o, Mar«e name cf Ja«. iplaceotMar-. Fiaher of- the pt the name of aperf.rayear a Bro Jti-ndge-c^nvoreion." hatMr.Fi»herhe intended tpvw the action o£ nmg^c^iiftitia» andSYerottindd'esstho-Cor- o make himself'•d tbat he hare *r«*bttean Pes**.*. Carried. WOttOf ad^enra-. ' t h e btc-mouioma Uc&JXtd. t h a t thfl>gfeeted Wm. Duer Coairman, andE. J Brown Secze- baldi's miracnlons anobessi ho first^turned towardVieona, imploring his cousin, the Austrian Em- steamer of 800 tuns and 300horse-power, which arrived within a ft^w miles of tbe cify. v'•:?Ofoverymaaher*wastolaborfromaowuntil "snfort'n*««*•»•»of theunioncandid.-ee.„jiea3RiTOom-jeoomade%'t«mre -*ksexrlana- of theposttionbebad Takeninarecent meeting.'had then s*id that da \ b> our g ,a • aaso mightfit nroper.for *h» Umw-m.s-to pursue a certainthisFalL Heshouldremain ateaddy faithfultMsConvenionbadinview,"and*was'r.. ,r./V,,/ .'.»Wb*had been embarked should be exempted from du^roultKi»ce—No fte%%» Obtained.ST. JOBK'S, N. P^Thorsday, July 12,1860.4G0,000f. It belongs to" a French company, and is ta'ni to M. Fou«b6, ex-director of the Eubattino Steam this Jong,discussion under circumstances of a good deal :jytanore,fromLiverpool4u> vii*<^u*enatown5th |«ft,forKew-York passed Cnpe Race at 11 o'clock ^si»fv-renoon. Shewasfirstse-nabmefiftefnmilesGaribaldi has issued the following decree: volunteers, piecemeal, by the Trieste steamers to " Considering tbat a free people Should abolish everylawofmoralitywhichdoes;nottroubleitselfnbodtmg counsel, Mr. McKeon, and I have heard"Bothing v. fchat Kr/ heardnothingof ww/'«bissm<^nty. Mr.Piattanswers£e passed off to the southward so. that the news-boat the present, and, relyiug on the sacred cause of *VunabletoVwdh^r. ftis.barely,poasiblethatthe 3>ivineright, rather, temporarily to risk the 4ga oontainmg the news for the Associated Press was cybwn than to grant a constitution. Disappointed fftewn overboard, and that, it may be picked up afterhandsis prohibited.'" ' , i TM ' '/ have'been „the nation to'make good that loss, the great success J have been having a,play^relL if your Honor%rJAASA MAf n</tl>A A A A h :J. *- i i»'i « 'GENOA, Tuesday.—Newshasbeenreceivedhere itcanbe:socalled,istrulytoonobleformetofeel ever,Iamnowin-aconditionthatIhopeIshallbe arrangethedetails. Well,afterTaylorishome,eightthattbeDictatorofSicilyhaddecreedthedemolition ofllict^datit. Thosejpersons,onthecontrary, areto abletogoonandSaysomethingofthemeritsofthis ortendayselapse,and Mr.Piattisagaincalledupon.& fog lift*.WnidwesCtw*rmometer60.TFtm^on9tn Politic*. MilwACKKK, Thursday, July IS, 1860.at "Vienna, the. King of Naples sent the Commander MarMiico, an enlightened and truly liberal states toan,toNapoleonwiththecunningpromiseofintro- ducing the French laws and constitution, both atThisdecree,ifactedupon,isinitselfasocialrevo- obtainedinSicily,,andthecertaintyofthefuture/i V®P**t.'»otatthewasifewithgentleIbreeaes,butwithlution. In Sicily the lower orders call almost every ought to have made the company sure of- beimngr repa:i« the doctor and pills, and therefore it ia that J hare notwtll-dreeeed man "his excellency,'^ and kissing, the alter a short delay. Inowle8rnthat,onthecohtr4ry, listened as I otherwise should have to this argument reetoring possession, only the statement, " I^ti us meet Hand is a common compliment paid by a tenadl to his toey punish you for the aid supposed to have been ren- and that I have not tbe advantage of knowibg what has and settle tbe principles of a stipulatton." There was no landlord. # ••> v deredbyyoutothatj^reatcause. Tour misfortune, if beeneaidbythegentlemenon toe other side, flow- embarrassmen ,andwe were readytomeetithemandTas Koptiblicana of t l » Iat Cvmgresmonal District Naples and Sicily, if the Emperor would only guar- wsterday jenoromated John JP. Potttcr by acclamaiion antee his double crown. Napoleon received th,e J>r Congress. A large and enthusiastic rafificatioa Embassador in.the most friendly manner, deplored «ee*i»g w»« held in the afternoon, which was ad-of Fort CasteUamare. .The fi»at division of the revolutionary forces, hadbe pitied who show themselves so poor in mind and in motion. That was before this motion was notioed—a ^JOnth bo- heart as not to comprehend that when the object in It is important, at the outset in this case, as it is in fore, or two we»ks, at least He is notified to eay^ view is to constitute a great nation, every private com- all orhejs, to know, as accurately as w e can, what ie " JNow do you mean what you say V And iftGr,' T a y ^iressedfby Senator 2>oolttie and otheis." . •r-.v^' O .. . "••Illinois Poluics.CHICAC-J, Wednesday, July I I , 1860.the errors of the Neapolitan Government, in having refused to listen to the reiterated counsels of France, and expressed his disgust for the cruelty ofthat such annexation was his wish, that he was a great admirerofKingVictorEmanuel,andthathebehoved the annexation would be accomplished by him and with him, but that at present the annexation of Sicily alone wonld not be advisable^. Besides, in the event of im-carry your head high, and look with .confidence to the future."against the city should be set aside. ' W e ask that upon severalgrounds. Firstofall,uponthegroundthat we have merits whioh have not been tned as they should ba^e been tried. That is our first ground, andcroev motion.M. The Bepubli^uia tf the Hid Diatrici of this State have nominated JPranois W. Kellogg for reelection to Congress.Oomsiusmeeting.TBIKTOW- K. J., Thursday, July 12, 1800.T^arge and ei tboa ai«'ie me fngs- we^e held thia even- bg in *he Third »-nd FOOT*-* W»rd*. of this c-ity, %oap- point delegates t o t h e D< mocraii*-. Sta*e Convention.self, and that the new kingdom cannot change itspolicy, by supporting a tottering throne whichstands in the way of Italian unity. This means,practically,thattheGovernmentwillcontinuetofavor new expeditions for reenforcing Garibaldi, eminently patriotic, well versed in all the intricacies of about wounded, but where multitudes bless our names. tfbuXi respond 1 I suppose not. Has he any power to erly be there. There was nothing inserted there to and putting him in the position for attacking theColonel Cosini is just now organizing his men £eKJtttM>ns wt-re p^se^d strotgiy deuounong any who are leave on Sunday next. From among tnion vrith the Br rkmridge a«d L»ne disanionista, the ten thousand volunteers who have flocked toaffiirs of war and action, tbe reign Of which may be expected to soon recommence. -audinstructingthed'leeatestovotefornomanforElector w h o wd* »»ot ui:qa..U fi-ol^ and in good faith«u-<ai», imder all circumstances, the regalar nomiaeeseftheNationalDemocraticperty,DoogtasandJohn- dents,andtriedofficerswhohaveresignedtheirson.The Overland MUil coach has arrived tiere, and king* the following admires:SAX FXAXCT»CO Jon* 7t—12 e'clock noon. We have no arrival* or departures to repors, e tcept the bark Camflle. *Hc»« stul-d on the 2 l s ; lost for X-lbouine. w>th aca»go of wneat a^dfi -ur. The ex- pcrts of w*-eat from of 1859 exceeds 4,000 BackB, val-ued at $1,200,000.Ten convivW escaped from the State Prison on thoSOthinst.The KfpubHcan Hate Convention on the 21st, nomi-natedCharles*••Waehbur»e,Wm.H.Movka,Ch*ries A. Tutsi*- and Antonio M. Pico, o sdidntes for Presi- dential Electors. •2'ke Jacksonville (Oregon) Sentinel, ra an extra of the16tO,saystha*theofficL.1vot*ofeverycountyin the State except Wanjo gi^es Sniei, the Democraticrank to enter into Garibaldi's army. Money is supplied by subscriptions, arms and cannons appear in a mysterious way just when they are required. In fact, they come from the royal arsenals.Thus the Sicilian forces will soon be able to cope with the Neapolitan mercenaries. And, lndeeu, Garibaldi has need of these volunteers, for, as far as the confidential- letters from Palermo are to be tiusted, the islanders did not do much in the begin- n;ng. When Garibaldi arrived, they had already lost their courage. He found no support in the population, not even guides to show the way across the mountains. With the victory of Calatafimi thetide turned at once, and the capture of Palermo madehimtheidolofSicily. Still,hecanonlyrely completely on his volunteers. Tho Sicilian insur- gent* aie not yet able to resist an attack in the open field, and have a most superstitious fear of cavalry.AtCatania,however,theyfoughtwell,andex-pelled, after a street fight of two days, its garrison, against the abuse of force, the illegality of the seizure, for vengeance. , • .. • ,. . • . ...••<'-' the fact in makitg his eliente-Haot his clients—for they entitled to what Now it so happens, Sir, demoralized by the pillage of the town. the insult offered to the two flags, and demanding Slaves bought by money m South America did not were not his client*--bat making the Corporation ofT h e California Overland Mall. FATrrrxvii.i.r, Ark., Julv 12,1860.casdidatte fo- CongreHl, a m»,j<«rity over lit g*n, the^••publi.ur.candidale,of78v,tea.Itaddsthattheandthatthelegislaturei«from8to10Opposition majority on joint ballo*. • ".Nothmg ha« y*t beenhe*.rd f ^ m the party which kftCaretnVa'leyonthe9thinst.,tor*&jtaOliahthe Thtre Jbave b*en no recent dirturoarees in the Wasboe Move, but it is *upoo*edthat there is son danger on the road towaid Salt Lake, and hopes are eniei tanned that, the tarooj* at Camo Floyd will protectthe mail-rou'e when inferax*d oif the danger. AccountsfromtbeWa»hoeminesarenotveryfavor-abb* r^gardir.g«ew discoveries.TheCom»t<ck J*ad seems to widen, and appearswisely solvedbyGaribaldi. Itwasfearedinthe afterarrivingatNaples,and,athieownrequest,was howcouldwehavesubmittedtosuchexactions,have beginning that his Ministry would be Mazzinian; taken to the hospital. The passengers, who were endured such sanguinary outrages ?but we are now informed that the Marquis of Tor- going from Genoa to Cagliari, belong to several differ- But let us bid a truce to timid rrgret«; lot us leave reaisa,wellsaidbyCayourtobeamanofcon-, entnations:itisbutjust-toeaythatthereareanum- lamentationstotbetyrant;thefuturedoesnotre^tiniBoreand more vilaable and extensive. B u t litcle practicable way, Germany continues to quarrel. etnfidence i- felt in any other ailver mine. Many of The papers discuss, tbe question whether the inter-Although the kingdom of Naples is apparently tran- quil, considerable agitation everywhere prevails, and numerous clandestine writings are being circulated."A letter from Naples of the^Oth inst. says: "Twelve battalions have just been organized with riflemuskecs; theintentioniBtoformalargearmy,conducting -wire of deliverance to our Drothers of the >orth.:For a long time, Neapolitans, w e have tolerated that wbi'h could *otbe avenged without shedding the blood ot out fellow-citizens. For a long time w.e hesitated to comreence an ippious struggle with pur brethren ledtie silver hunters are beconing discouraged.Tbe PikersPealt ExpressS-. Jo^xrH, Thursday. Ju'y 12,1860.view at Baden has disappointed Napoleon, or Fran- cis Joseph, orthe Prince of Prussia, ereach of thorn. Thecoustitiitional'questionofBessiais^stillunset- tled; the Federal army reform is still pending; thery the Mayor and Common Council of the City to do , granted, and what I eay is this, that before the leaseBy the Pike's Peak E>pre*s which arnvefi last ambition of the small Princes is still working toare being prepared on board two-steamers in the mili- tary port. Very large orders for ammunition, provis- ions, and military storeshave been given, andthe young Ki r g intends to organize toe most formidable defense against any invasion from the audacious volunteers of Garibaldi. The Jesuit Fathers havedismiseed all their pupils, in order not to allow themselves to be surprised'byevents." >,-,., Another letter of the same date gives other details ofthe phvsiogomy of Naples:structing a new bastion at the Chateau Neuf, and truetbad news, and especially silly manifeatations only tion" to say tbat in such a matter it should be done all this happens 1 They get a letter fromTayioi? St etrenjrtheningall the other fortresses with additional suited to encourage the oppressor, to- intimidate the without the knowledge end without the consent of tbe Brennan onthe 24th of April, asking for a lease formen whom he unoertook to represent. But these $5,000, and they sit down and resolve that they shaft things will come out more fudy as we go on, and as Ievening w e have the following: - i a c n ¥ ^ s Dx»vaa CITY, July 5, 1860.yesterday was appropriately eeleoiafed as the Na- tion's birthday by a na-b^al saJute, p'ooeoaon and other int-rt^ting exerdsee. The day passed oS with- out accicVnt ordisturoance, save a shooting aflray at a safe ia theafternoon. . . » . , 'Tin recent favorable reports from the Arkansa* Mines are confirxDKL ,create disunion and the ruin of the country; and the real, patriots are despairing of Germany, ;W e hear that Prussia and Austria are trying to come to some understanding, but it is difficult to believe such a combination, which would only in- crease the rupture between the Princes and the people. The Austrian currency has improved a Wtle eince the Imperial Council shows signs of act- ive interference with, the dilapidations and depreda- tions comprised in the budget. As soon as they have revised it, they will give their unanimousthose of the father;- tbe hour has come to cast aside an unjust seDsibili*v, to escape from'the'oui-se which weighs upon bad fathers aud slaVesiLet the mask be dropped! Let eveiy man select his course; between honor and infamy traitors only can hesitate, and cowards only remain undecided. Let ev<rj thing wirhinour reach become a terrible weapon, from the deadly rifle to the sharpened lava of •'Vesu- vius; let u» rather be crushed under the ruins of Par- th'enope. than tolerate the tyranny of *he Bourbon, and,lars in one of toe suits and an ejectment in another of face of the papers, and if I go beyond the ground of"'*• tbe suits, that it was not compeient for the Corpora- moderation in making inferences', the blow will fall:. tion Counsel Co consent to a reference, aod take upon mveelf and upon no one else.. But what occurred* these casts out of the o^rfashioted mode of 'trial on tbe Sfyh of April, 1858 ? Taylor dc Brennan write *by Juiy, without consulting any officer? of the Cor- letter—I will put them both in now—to the Commia-sioners of theXaud Offline stating that "the State owxa in fee, a large property in New-York, called the West .Bn>ine»s i* still dull but improving sk>w)y.An a*erage of forty teams per <L*r are returning to opinion that nothing but a Constitution can heal thethe States awl tbe a m vala from the States are decreas- ing rapidly.The weatherFisi rheot. 1» Hfetoarlc;NKW ARX Tlursday, July 12,1860.earthworks. TOie Castello Nuovo is a regular Bastille;The shawl, table ©j-ver. dec, mill of John .Dancan,at Fran>lin, near Newark was bnrnedat 3 o clock them, without, as yet, having experienced any diffi-Fort Saint Elmo, which commands the city, has been well supplied with Bhells; I yesterday met a lanje num- ber of ammunition wagons proceeding in that direction, and every lore in the road who was smoking was com- pelled to put ont hiB cigar as they passed. Patrola are constanlly moving about the streets, a. d a squadron of hueeersstationthemselveseveryeveningontheStrada Toledo.AtNaplesthesoldiersalwaysmoveaboutwith their guns loaded. These warlike preparations do notNeapolitans, you are sons of Italy. Ituly extends from Mont Cenie to the blood-stained waters of Sicily. Bite in the name of Italy and of liberty! •Those who shed their blood for your s:'.kes coma courageously to you, and you fight against then!• God said to Cain: " Unhappy man, what have y o u "donewithyourbrother?" Italywi'dsaytoyou: "Cursedbrothers',whathavoyoudonewithyour "brothers?",Each drop of blood shed in Sicily is a malediction on yonr heads, on the heads of your children, and of your children's children.Neapolitans! Italy forgiveB you; but you most riselike the flames of vour volcanoes against those who dowe have imputed no wrong to any Judge—Judge Pot- property. No inquiry about tbe annual-rents; and n oter or any ether Judge, from the beginning to the end. endeavor ou their part to see how much mote tbey* Nor do we impute any wrong to the "Referees—nor do could grt for the property. Here is a property havimjrwe impute any wrong to tbe Counsel who appear here annual rentf amounting to such a large sum, more than . to oppoepi us. Wo have made no charges against any of a hundred thousand dollar* per annnm, audit is gtveu. them. We ha^e to kaiauationa to malce. We are to Taylor dc Brennan for $5,000 ayear. We have to dealing with other persons. The Refer-es found a assume that either tbe Commissioners acted to totalignoranceoftberealvalueoftheproperty,orelan- toeygrantedtheleasewiththeireyesopen;andthey+ may take which horn of the dilemma they please, torIa. m. to-day; £00 hands were thrown ont of eraploy- a.ent,and a large amo nt of stock readv made, and m«te&t bumrdT Loas $100,000; parually in»area\ The firVis sapoosed to ba-e .-eon "Pt"1 *"6 0 ,0 *^^ tonin5hewool Th<*firewassohotandfiercethatiofb&g-aT^tved. Tbebuildicgwasofwoodandculties from the Government.three storiea bigb. tier WM burned.11VM>XR9- -FjuTiucror..—Last evening a colored man named James Bailer enteredtb* premises No. 94 Park street, kept by his brother•WdUam as a « ^ r boarding-house, and demanded somemoney. William told him «hat he was unable ta ren-THESICILIANINSURRECTION. A letter from Palermo, of the 19th, says;largeaSyauntofdamagesundoubtedly,butIdonotdoubtbutthattheyactedhonestly,andIhavenothingto say in tbat connection, except possibly that I mayby and by say tbat the rule of damage* adopted was aa if t K y acted with their eyes open they were uur:TwoPROBASXXTbe heavy machinery in the third" The Official Gazette is almost filled with decrees tend to give the city tbe appearance of muchgayety."der bun any p«mni*ry asaistance, whereupon the two ly to remsin some time, as the Consul has called for got into » violent altercation; during whwh James contracts for tbe supply of bread and fresh meat for thespare of three months." . , ^ n.n A let-'cr from Palermo states that Garibaldi lost 9C0:men m the conflict* of tho 27th and 28th ult.Tbe Neapolitan Government evidently expects Gari- baldi to land in Calabria. . The following ia a statement «'I'mstabbed!'' Jam«*immediatelyfledfrom the oftheforcesdispatchedtoopposehisadvanceunder. i W > , but was hotly pursued by a poHceman of 0 » Gen. Nutziante: 12 battalions of chasseurs, 4 regi-3SUthW»rd«md«iannb«ofcitbens. Havmg crowed ttirnts of thirline, 3 squadrons of hussars, 4 squadrons of lancer* a detachment of guides, 1 battery of position, Cbtttmm etreet, be ran down EooseveH street to 2 field bntterieis 2 batteries of mountain howitzers, 1drew a dirk-knifr and plungeo it io the hikinhia brother's side, inflicting a mortal wouod.the Court of the Two Sicilies was, in 1852, tbe first to' recognise the reeHstablishccent of tbe Empire iu France Napoleon 111. declared that he would never forgot the friendlystepoftheKingofNaples.nudi control aa binding upon the city. .'., of saying what w a s escential t o the requhement - 0 ^ . Judge Bronson—But that is wbat we compiam ot.. Commerce. Heretofore the State bat always 8*" jjj ^ ,'We'-say we have not had a fair trial and wo seefcomv the Corporation of New-York, " You are the rb jarianTbat iswbatwa are here fox and for nothing; else* owner*, and vou may take oat btdow low water mark, AndthentheyVdua"Youwillbe•worseoffthen ifyouwilladvancethecommerceofthecityar^Statetbannow. You have got fortv-eight l g f t g g ^ g S of Now-York." From tbe foundation ol t1 ^e Gov- Sou ought to have; andwe wfll get double ^ J » « " £ ernmest down to this day, it isthefirit time, that tbe State fof NtwOfork, to her honor be it .said, haveThe wounded man instantly fell to tbe floor, crying,/*ber*T. wber* ne dodged into a dark alley and sac-e^eded in escaping. W2Ham- was conveyed to the rocket baftery, 2 companies of suppers and mmers, ~Hospital and plaet-d under the ears of Dr. Bell, who The«e forces are to be divided into three bngades—i ^ v e it as bia opinion that the xmfortonate man could for mountain service, the third, to keep the highways.. :The tricolor flag has been hoisted attbo Royal Castleand baB no confidence in the result of nia mission. - Afewdaysago,inconversationwithoneofhisfriends, conS«abea^vchargeagaiostthe.Controllerofthe haulsof theState. Assuny3 they Wvethetitle,be said, 'I ;have been completely deceived, as to the S . - You hive»St^improperlv w^Lthe Sinking .why % it that they said tl^at from, tho foundation situation of the Roman Government. I wastold that Fund." JuflgeEdmonds, as Ifiud by the newspapers of the Government down to the present day. We!I should find an army not in a very bad cbuditlou; -altoougb nothing I -*ay ever by my desi^ ftnde its hold it in trust for the purr y ^ 0 f advanoinflp the oom-i k*not Jong survive Ms injuries. cdehad cot been captured.At ntidn%hfc the Jratri-TbeKeanolifan G*n«r»-« who returnedfromPalermo- are etill detained at bjchia. They were seven in num- ber,withLanzaattheirhead,the samewhobadpro-wavinto the newspapers, .unless it be overmy wgualuted by the guns of the foreign men-ofwar in the that I should be furnishtd with all the means necessa- tore-bnt I find by the newspapera that W baa charac- meTce of the State of NeV^.york. Thiswaa the naturevFotrnTiz*TH^ WA»3> BxrvaLxCAKs.—Tho Rapnbli- ceeded to the extreme measure,of bombarding, tin Sicilian capiteJ. It is said that three other generals «an Association of tbie Ward met at No. 426 Broome are also in disgrace, and are to be sent away to one ot atrest on Monday, and tnm>»«M considerable routine the small Neapolitan islands, Gen. Clary alone hasment upon Piedmont, to induce Victor Emanuel to ac- might desire;on the part of the people, who were «^wby because they were ready to give us a new leasing 500 feei V ,uaro of the publio hwd witbxm«i^.| cept the hollow offer of friendship at the hands of the rairely devoted to the Government. I^bave found trial. They fay they have always been readv, known g where it came from, how much it was worth*bosinesa. They also raised ft fine Lioc-la an i Hamlin eacawd, probably because his conduct at Catania is conwdewd to have been sufficiently severe. It mayKing of Naples—the grant of a constitution to the everything quite the reverse. The armx-is completely Sir. A d a heavy charge is brought' ag-inst the or what anybody else would give for it^ This is HA? kingdom of Naples at the instigation of the Emperor demoralized, without instruction, and without disci- Controller, be ause he was told last January by all that happen'^ On the same 34th of Aprils ttfr m JSapolcon. The movements of Garibaldi are, however,- pline; I am in want of all the eiemenVj for organising judge Edmouds that he was ready to give ua a Albany, wher e they do things up in a sinart^wayv o ».banner, sarmoonted by the aot*o: *Fxwt Speech and be remembered that after having retaken that place, JPiee Trrritory*M ai,d ord«rrd bis solders to piliuge it, which thsy in/JtSf. 1 ,I!R^-toRig: fjflBtti^^asanasylumfororphans. Theymutinied,it appears, and the troops were oWigeo' to biterfere and disarm: Sf*iS : i,i>:?.>' W$ ^M%'The Breckinridge wing **f the Demoora^y held a tho bombardment of Palermo, and the cowardice ofStat*ConventionatSpringfieldto-dav,andadapted thecapitulation. Sixmonthsearlier,hewould mediateannexation,hewouldthenbeundertheneces-a« Borne, have spieB and traitors. everywhere.. Two we have ethers which I eball notice by andby, N.'»w, that toe Contooller has cdneenteU to an improper use o f S; officers,one,ofwhomcallshimselfAhgeloCrepp9,and inrespecttomerits,weStandherenotOnlywiththe tbeSmkingFund. Hehasbeenemployingcb'unselto*sttoia iocs indorsing tht» nomination "of Brsckiar'.dge ted Lan*-, and recommending each Coanty and Senato- rial JUiatnct to present in full a ticket of National Dem- sciats to be voted for at the ensuing election.sity of retiring. - • • • . . . " , :,.-.--'':^- :utual affidavit of the clients, " as they are. advised b vcarry on this htigstion, a«d has paid them odt of to* 8mkiM.Fu»d:# and the Controllerlis warned "that «- day of reckoning is comic*&arn,.ico returned crestfallen. The King, deeplymovedbythisfailure,fellsick,andisnow.laidupat Portia. Hi-^ Ministers advised him to grant alimited Constitution, to send proposals to Turin, topromise anything, to confer full royal powers uponany of his uncles, to leave the country, and to re-turn in bettei times in order to undo whatever his toycaHedaSateConvention,tobeh*?ldatSyracnse unclesshouldhavedoneorpromised. Wedon'tODthe lbth of August next, to nominate an electoral know how fcr this platform, copied from the con-should be the point Of debarkation. A part of the vol- to secure the rights of the city to a verdict, or to afford unteers demanded that it should be Uagliari. where h«-r the right to review on bills of exceptions. We have they might find Medici, and thence proceed in com-' got all that i* mua'Jy shown on such occasioas, and somepany;' others, who doubtless had their reasons, insis ed more; and here, IsupposejWe might.rest this discus-Bonor.gers and cargo, aid has since returned to Malta. Vice-Admiral Fanabawe Martin. Commander-in-Chief o fthe Mediterranean fleet, having his flag on board the•—ieiIfew-York Politics.ALBAFT, Thursday, July 12,1860.Marlborough, and accompanied by the.Queen, Cressy,The Democratic $im» Central Committee hive- thisJaroeB Watt, and St. Jean dAcre, ships of the lino, that the capper and the Utile should keep apart from sion, and ask your honor if it was fit and proper that dered the Sinking Fund? But what if he had spentticket and candidates f>r 3(ate offi-^ra. T h e Com- mittee w a s mvannnoaa in making t o call, and tho best feeling prevailed.STFACUSB, Tnursdav, July 12,1860. IFkt Central City Courier, th* orga»> of the Bemo-"The strongest suspicions are entertained here that which remain undisputed, in respect to the mode in deny, is a portion of the Sinking Fund. There waahave been but too happj to act as mediator between the King and his subjects, but having recently con- tracted different engagements,'he could not at thothe other, Giovanni Batista, who has \given no sur-name, real or pretended, managed to creep into Med-ici'sexpedition. Bothofthemwerespies. More tnhermoselives,sthiowimngTthnatr,.tnheyhave,notgivenadvice °ayorrecaonmgiscoming,"ifheisnotmisquoted, than a dozen of the pretended volunteers were no bet- which they do not themselves oredit; and the affida- ' Now it so happened, if the Court please that the sin of"',' ter. They were landed, and givtn up to the authorities •vita of the counsel all concurring that this case has not the Controller, in tbe improper use of the Sinking atCagliari.-' ;•*:,./.', '•>.':. ,,v- beenproperlytried,andthatnotwithstandingthese Fund,wastbevotingforaresolutiononFeb.5,1^« -The f.41owiiJg State ticket was nominated: For <?ov-ernor,ThomasJ».Hope;fo»L^nt,-C>vernor,Thos. presentcrisisinterveneinanyway. 8tmhead- aloanof30,000,000francs,therevenuesofSicilybeingJnell; forfWrPtory of State, B.T.Bork; for Auditor, vwtathe King to try his luck at Turin by franklyllawy H. Smith; for Treasurer, W. H. Cather; forElectors at large, John Dougherty and Thompson adopting an Italian national policy and alliances." This discovery has opened our eyes, and thrown judgment*, the Corporation of the City of New-Forka few days after he came into office,to dismiss all the>'" counsel but Mr. McKeon. That is the transgressionr-^'f tbat is the squandering of tbe Sinking Fund? It is fat their papeis, if the Court please. I will not take the- - troubletolookitup;youwillfinditthere. That charge is brought here, Sir, to be used in another way—to be used to convict tho Controller of tocoa* ^ sistency inbisconduct; butthereitstandsasanim- perisbable answer to the accusation, that he has squan-Campbell. The nomimaious were received with much suthusiaem,andasaluteof105gnuswasfiredidtheirSicily a few days ago, with volunteers, muskets, and ican clipper. The combined force of a high wind and it is said, by one of the counsel at- least, that from such gunpowder. She took pajpers for Leghorn, but pro- a heavy Ka having ^driven the vessels out of their an examination as he has given to toe trials, he does ceedfdtoCatania:whereshesafelylandedherpassen- courseforCagliari,'thequestionaroseastowhat notbelievethatt)eyhavebeentriedint>»ebes'mannerduct and policy of King Ferdinand in 1820, will be accepted, but tbe first step is done. - The oonfiden- tial letter of the King has arrived at Turin, promis- ing a National and Italian policy, the closest alli-between the Admi-al and Malta, and the Caradoc will,webear% leave for the fleet after the arrival of the nextoverland mail from Marseilles. The Growler gunboatis under orders to proceed to take up her station on theDanube,TheVictorEmanuelandtheLifley.frigate authoritiesofwhatwasgoingon.,Thismightexplaina'swegoon.•Wesay.also,thattherehavebeenua-trollerwasmistaken,iftheCourtplease,insup- *?"£ aaily expected at Malta from Corfu. . the sudden order received by the Neapolitan frigate, adtborized ac's, and iberefore illegal acta on the !part posing it his duty to appropriate a portion o fkingdom of Naples on the Continent.the Administration, and whose cooperation will allow In two battles against veteran soldiers you have a»ton- override the order of Judge Roosevelt 1 I suppose not. wound the feelirgs of any one, unless he waa justly•'"' Garibalditoturnhis.attentionmoreparticularlyto'i-bedEurope. Italianlibertyrestsonyourbayonets; exposedtocensure; Thereweronowmments^tho <servative tendency, used to business and admin- istrative affairs, has been. nominated President, of the Council, and Garibaldi Vice^Dictator, . .As to the capture of the Neapolitan steam frig- ate Capri by the Sicilians, the news is believed to betoogoodtobetrue.While Italy is working out her unity in the onlyber of Garibaldians among them. A Spanish vessel his complaints. Hitherto, knocked down by the cow- and a Belgian man-of-war, as well as an Austrian ardice and yilliuiy of examnle, taken by the contagion,our brains were conjoundeu like those of slaves.At tbe sight of 'victorious' Sicily, at the magnauimous example of Piedmont, at tho powerful voice of Gari- baldi, let our hearts throw off a shameful torpor, let usond and thud it is stoied process was served. Judge Bronson—We don't say tbat it was not.wounds which are making the best progress toward killmgtheEmpire. TheProtestantsinHungary have de facto put themselves in possession of all the rights which they enjoyed before 1849, and exercisewank, and to delay the day of redemption. SonsoftheSamnites,iuvokethecourage,ofyouran- thirty pieces of cannon mounted, and on the side of cestors; sharpen' your swordsi and prepare eilently, the Largodi Caatello there, will be the same number. for, we swear it noto you, the struggle is near at hand.—.mJLJLAJuY.organizing the different administrations and communes. It contains betide three proclamations of Garibaldi— one to the City of Palermo, another to the Sicilians, the third to the Riflemen of the Alps. It likewise pub- lishes an addrees to Garibaldi from the praitor and tho Senate, and another from the inhabitants of the Isle of Utica. TheFrenchfleetintheroadsteadappearslike-P A VIS, June 29.—The King of Naples has instructed the Marquis d'Antonini to express to the French Gov- ernment bis most sincere regret, on account of the cowardly insult offered to Baron Brenier, the French Embassador, and promising severe retribution upon the guilty parties, who, however, were hot yet dis- covered,havingsucceededinescapingimmediately after committing the assault.A dispatch from Naples states that the convocation of the electoral colleges will be published For the 7th July. The decree containing the list of the members of the\ Senate will be promulgated about tho same time. The Senators, it is said, will be chosen from among the higher ranks of the magistracy, the admin*'ietration,theacademies,thenavyand,thearmy. NAPLES, June 28.—The new Ministry is formed asfollows:Comxnunder SpJndll ...PreBldeut of the Couucll. (Joramnsdw de .Martin*........Foreign Afiklra.unfi»;«d »o this case ss could poesibly have been adopted.Passing to toe quesuonto be considered—the grounds upon which'we make this application—how are we answered? Wfcv are we told. Sir, tbat toe title is in..baticry cf rifled 12-poundors for . mountain services, a companiesofpionears,andanqnadronofgondarmos.Siguor MannaPrfcc-3 TorollaB^gnorMorrill.......:Mawbal LcetucciAdmiral Oerofalo..............Marine..;I •A"aysiSHP^»Sj»»sjs»ssjsjaiBww^mam FromMessina,underdateiof$*e^&h» we bear that [^^SF^ssBSlBSSsasamBmmmmmmimmmmV^••andagood«*T [Laughteronce; now let a* istien from, th*jofthe-UniontacJcefc oftheSouth >nconsequent They deair*He believed too States of New- •rtover the Hbetw* not be alio vod In oooclasuH*,| dodge BronBon addressed the Court as follows: ' commubicaed to Mr. Phut, M represeauttro of. all ia hispow«r to flic City or Baltimore off Cape peror, to support hun against, revolution; The that mcrning at'"Genoa, has been sold to Garibaldi for Tbe following letter has been addressed by Dr. Ber- '•A- } C°0Tt T»Isase: I rise for the purpose of closing the plaintiffs, people, and aiV. at the eamo•' '•From Ota- Own Correspondent.'' ;^:'-^:- j body did tell in6 so_ _ Q0 such thimr/' AndIsuppose it wasupom me&ta?|EESTATER<WEUROPE. [BYTHBARABIA'S'KAIL8.1;, ;,.•;-•'W'.-"mWESTymwon Hum^^ i&srfi&fi&ftstU:i$,:aiiiii;; ^ ' - i ^ - •, and I answered, " Mx. Tajrine••:••'>•*:•. ••' '-X'--.•'/•*'."*••-• •''-• -:''severalembarkationsf-omthem^land hadtakenI them. The*cannot,however,bOsetatliberty,froma S'aeeVbutthat thegiirriBohbadrereivOfi^noaccessionItollmeso. However,some-dread that they wouid begin robbing. : ^-h •omPalermo. :D*Berti6o8 continued, not withstand^* The Turm oorrespondent of The pxtiyNcios says: tbe severest precatttione. and' the closest goarding'of "Athirdexpeditionof4^000menisbeingorepared. thegates,andthe prohibition tothemffitaryto lea^e':••• .'' Bgfe "•'•'•• '••••'• •:.';.-AA,BvG"t;':M'E.N'T'"-;V ;;..: tb6tgronodthattoeControllerdidnotthiak it nooes-w : . TCRCT;June26,1860.wehavehere,since,yesterday, ^ aonofthe TheWashington,theFranklin,andtheOregon,wh'oh goingabouttOW(i **Mr.Taylorwouldstandbyhisrconveyed MVdici to Palermo, returned to Cagliari on the country people had taken vengeance of som» Ofletters and proposition* from the dMfesseo1 King Idgurian coast. Many who had given up military ser- politan Government ^ad decided that all ijoods which Tlic Motion to Vacate the"tocar y thin Sate against *hesect -nixlcac-, to prevent his election by the people. (Cheers.] Sardinian Embaassdor at Naples, with confidential the 20ih, and. after. staying there a day, left for the. their old peisecutorri. •Calabria wa* quiet. The Nea-oxproj>osition. Veil, they went on, and it was expe- dient to put this matter to the test. On the 9th of April last TajJor hV^ds thne-—a little vacation up atfAlbiny--and be me». « the Controller, and says toConvention theu a-j^ • ru n ote.TM Coumfttee «*n «ri Bbctor..I Ticket "met andJudgment[against'theCity.been directed'towards Syracuse.Theimunicipality,ofPalermohadsentanaddressto panyoughttomakeasacrifice,andthatvesselsbearing asked,enwhatgroundtheapplicationismade,and lorissilent,silentfromthatdaytothis,until'hiseottn~^the Dictator, requestmg the iaimediate annexation of the flag of the country belong to the country as the what is tbe axswer to it, if there be any. Now, we ee). Judge Edmonds, gets up here to upbraid the Con>Sicily to the Italian kingdom. The Diotator replied lnnd belongs to the citizens. You, brave Fouche\ can a^k that »hrce judgments which have been recordedtroJler, becanpe he made tbis " unnecessary/' On* ' unnecessary,The. Washington has arrived at Genoa, with 16 :<their counsel," but with the- affidavits of the counselwom.ded. ; '•-""v;':.P-" '"'"" "'•' TURIN, Wednesday.—Garibaldi is said to have sentone oi his agents to London in order to negotiate thereThe Siicle publishes the following letter: "CAGLIARI, June 19.—-Austria and Naples, as wellNow,ifyourHonorplease,itisnotmybusinessto> defend tbe ControUer, but I submit that all euoh w>- marks are unjust toward that officer. But it i» said•>y-, «Ioffered as a guarantee.TtfALTA. June 21.—The steam-tug Bulldog left for some light on the. capture of the Utile and the Amer- has a good defense upon the merits. Iu addition to thisand the Boxer gunboat, left Malta three days ago. the rest, and in the direction of the Neapolitan coast. such judgments should stand witoout a better oppor- money out of thr Sinking Fund ? The West Wash- 'Theequadronis,itissaid,tovisitCandia,Corfu,aud Itwasduringthisdisputethatthetwovessels.were tunitytotrythemeritsofthecontroversy;and'ifyou ingtonMarketproperty,ifirjbelongedtotheCity,and Smyrna. A weeHy communication is to be kept up taken. witl 'ccnple with what has been said the other facts that is a question which they are not at liberty now toeraxkpartyisC-1iralNew-York,baatakendownth« ance,Constitution,Italiancolors,andwhateverI>ouglae aud Jobnaun tudt^t and run up that of Breck- jsridge'i»nd Lane. It is said that other papers in the^tatewillsoonfollowtheexample. Thisiaunder- S -v^""T °f160,000men,protectedagainst rallaw.PrinceTorrearsaandSignorsPieaniaud thesepresumptions,thefactqjtheshamvolunteersia outspeidingmoretimeletmepointyoutothefactthat stoodtob»theworkofCanalCommissionerJaycox Ganbaisi'8volunteers,nowabout4,000menstrong, Gudnerihaveresigned. . <; certain,ftdyi$e,t»^^ecomnutteechargedwiththetheCorporationoftheCitjofNew)forkismadeaparty.andJoin A*Green*j..the Chairuauof theNational DtmcKiatic State Committee, who reside here.T.v. ,Congressional i¥oiuinaUons. CHICAGO, Thursday, July 12, i860'.Tbv-* I>es»ocratio CtnVHdtton for the IXm District of lod-aoukyesterdaynommatecCW.CathcartforCon- srtseb^ acclatfati'-n.wouldnotbeavery grevioussin. I am greatly mis takenif,afteralltheirassaultsupontheControl- ler,bedoesnotcomeoutliketriedgold.Hehas stood as a fuhhfui sentinel over the Treasury, and he* has t<?ted the right of the city to this property. Truey-f%jGslttt) h\iriM,Mich.,Thursday,Jtfv12,1860. theKingof2vnpleshavebeenprearrangedbyhim-The Parie letter of The London Daily News stagesnon-intervention,andto backupiheKingot Naples Onthe13thGaribaldiissuedthefollowingproclama- sometimesthoughttobeamanofreasonablecourage; thepeopleefthiscity. Ilook upon him,,8a\asaabymsterialhelp,hispromiseofaConstitution,far tiontotbeCacciatoridelloAlpi: but.Sir,whetherIhavemoreorle*s,Iliketofall honest,faithfulandfearlesspublicofficer,andIliketo fromobstructingthemarchofeventsinfavorofItalian "ITALY UKITJCD ANDFKEE.—Wehavenotimefor backsometimes,andsee that there isaplatoonin the seesuchaoneinthepositionbesowell fills; aud, in- unity,willberegardedasapiteousconfessionofweak- repose. Manyofourbrethrenarestillenslaved,and rtar;|lneverfeltanyambitioneitherasprivatecoun- steadofc<-naire,-beisentitledtothethanksofthis ness, and will strengthen Garibaldi's cause. we have sworn to deliver' ttw-m. Forty days ago you sel or as-a public officer to fight a battle all alone. .commurity for the fidf-liry with which he has dis-^".Victor Emanuel may require.^ ggg^- thatSici.y should be r e s t n ^ and the throne of Naples, mo state that the Government has published an electo- portant mission. But whatever mar be, the worth"of this litigation. I say here, unauthorized acts, ana with-and against the Sicilian irregulars, who muster abt-nt 10,000 muskets, but have, as yet, no cavalry, and scarcely anv artillery.The Turin m a t e r i a l paper contains, to-day, a Jong article on this subject, snying openly that the nationalmovement,victoriousmSicily,cannotbe stayed »v t f l 0 pr.c*ent moment; that the destinies ofGreat interest is felt as to the effee* j^e promulgation enrolment anu eniuafk«tion to inquire narrowly ioto in thishtigation witboctprocess,andwithout itscousont. ofaConstitution.\, theKingofNapleswillhaveupon the title and.antecedents of those who beg to.bo Hasthe Corporation Counsel any'such discretionasythe ulterior movements Of Garibaldi. .allowed to join the army of independence, otherwise tbat? Has be any such power? I know, Sir, that he wished to make a compromise, if he could; but h»Bour^onists or Au&triaris got among the genuine volun- teers, and that they have, by means which the future will doubtless bring to light, informed the Neapolitanwhich tb>s litigation was conducted on the part of the Corporation, it seems to me to be a very plain case, aid one where the Court should say that these cases should be retried. But, Sir, we shall see more of thata property of the va'ue of t w o or three millions o f dollars, and why should not a faithful, sensible and honest public officer spend something out of it to> protect tbat property from plunder f If the Con- 'GENOA, Wednesday, June 27.—Advices from Paler- wbi'h captured the vessels, to quit Naples onanim,- of the gtfiueman who represents the Corporate n in tbat property fpr the defense of the whole, i thonest men run the risk of being victimized by very,l*rge powetB.are claimed for that officer, and wisheditforthesolepurposeof reclaimingthecity from that, unless Franco means to abandon the policy of scamps." laiger than X.wh-h to be vested with. I have been a lengthened controversy, and savi -g what he could t oThe intelligence from Palermo amounts to but little. left the shores Of Iiiguria, not for gaiu'or reward, but Now, has the Corporation Counsel any buch power aa cburgt d his trust. Now, when w e come to the groundsThe nomination of Peince Torrearsa as President of to fight in favor Of oppressed Italians. Soldiers of that ? I suppose not. Has he any power to admit the of th~e motion, I beg leave to say, tbat there is oo e*-. the Council and Deputy-Dictator, is said to have pro- Varese and of Como, your blood has moistened the laud liability of the Corporation for tho acta of the tenants trinsic matter pnt into onr moving papers, whioh toeducedanexcellenteffect. Heisdescribedasaman ofSicily,wheremanyofourcomradeesleep,manygo —TOputtheCorporationintheirplace,andSaythatit counwlcanputhi*fingerupon,thatshouldnotprop-and every one of you is called on to lead the vouch of Now, it matters little in this discussion, in anyaspect leadug affidavit is a mere history of the transaction Italy to fresh coiabats and fresh victories. T o your of it, whether this is the result of accidental, mistake, without note or' comment and such were the papers 'ignorance, or design. It is enough. Sir, that the Coi> which were served upon them. I tbink, may ft please M. Crispi, Minister of the Interior in Sicily, who has ranks, then.' In a short time you will return to the en- poration Las been injured, and that they come here vour honor, that these papers are unanswerable, andfbeensharplyattackedbysemeoftheTurinJournals, joymentsoflife,Wdtoyourwivesandfamilies.Soldiers seekingthemeansforredress.Iftheirofficerhasmis- theyareunansweredoecaueetheyareunanswear-;has addressed a letter to M. Faring the Sardinian iof CalatHiiiui, let us prepare to finish the glorious work taken bis du y, and they have thereby suffered injury, able. Tbe attompt here is to get up false iss«ues, andMinister of the Interior, giving him assurances as to we have begum . . G.. GARI8Ar,DJt*"' why then they onght to be heard; and if he has tres- to mislead us thns from the true pomt of the. contro-thecourseofpolicywhichhasbeenadoptedinthe:'': -'"":''•"''.•':'•''."•'•';:.;NAPLE8.: '.",'-"':'f.. 1awd»fainsi,tbe.rulesofpropriety,whythencertainlv..versy.Thecounselcomplainsalsothatwehave*not-island. " T o sum up all in a word," nays a letter in The Central Kevolui ionKry Committee at Naples has th*yabou3d.be heard. It','.is,;, stated' in our.pai^re that pointedout wherein the fraud, or wherein the ebllu-the New Italy, " the Sicilian. Minister has placed him- iesued the following appeal to the inhabitants of Na- the gentleman who represented the city has miscon- sion exiits; The last counsel (Mr. Evarts). who ad-eelf under the jurisdiction of the Government at Turin. ples- It is'dated the 15th OJ June: . ducted himself. I don't mean in theee words, but dresped your Honor, said if there was collusion orFor the same reason, the Sicilian army is dressed and Inhabitants of the City of Naples! Too long already broader words are used*; but it is stated that he mis-, fraud, it must be at some pouit where it could\b» .drilled like that of Upper Italy; an'd what is more, have j our pilext tears watered the bind of Swmnium-— conducted tbe litigation ou tbe part of the city. It is •proved standing out all alone. I don't understand iithe regiments in Sicily will be numbered in such a too long have Italian brows, been bent before crime also added in our papers, more particularly in those so. You may hang a man on circumstantial evidence,manner as to follow those of the Piedmontese army.A letter from Genoa in the SiScle Bays:" Garibaldi does not appear destined, to perish by theed the mission to assassinate him for 25,000f., has not ondiul of men'. With us you have deplored the ruin of anything that mar have taken place on «h" part of. that I shail apeak a word with respect to the Com>- had the courage to commit the crime, but has, on the of tbe nationsd finat-ces; you have seen taxes levied to m>, predecessor in effice./ I have no ill-will toward miBHonors of toe Land Office, not because they arecontrary, had an audience of the General, to whom he made important revelations."A letter from Naples of the 20th says: "Thecaptainaofthetwocapturedvesselsarrivedyeaterdaj morning at this port, and furnished theirimmediatesatisfaction,aswellasheavydamages. toleratesuchodioustreatment,andwe;Nfeapvlitana, thiscitya'partytothislitigationwhentheyneverwere •batHarborCommissionerswereappointedin18S5to> vo*eofWa*:oCouut*wiltincreaseShed'smijonty, TheadministrativequestionhaslikewisebeenOneofthetwocaptainswastakendangerouslyillsoonbornfreemen,tolivewhereourfathersuved-aarulers,servedwitbprocees,andwerenotbeforetheCourt. exp'oretheHarborofNew-York,andseeiftheroGenoahehaspickedoutthreethousandmen,many of them veteran soldiers, others enthusiastic stu-frigate7 have arrived in the roadstead. The SpanishveeBelis commanded by a vice-admiral, whohas had aprivate audience of the King at the Palace. A Piedmonteee war steamer arrived yesterday from Palermo,withpressingdbrpatchesfortheMarquisdeVillama- seizeweaponstoconquer,chastise,andliberate.\Let rina, and, three hours after, again left for Palermo. Vesuvius respond to JEtna, and the Apennines be theNo, Sir, but this I do say tbat in the first suit, when the Corporation were out of Court by the consent of all parties, tbat it ia tbe same in effect as if they had never•which will be divided into three corps, and ambulances astray by pretorian uniformsso. Wa«< rbut right conduct for an officer of the Cor- w»s granted the matter was arranged somewhere else. porationhavingchargeofitslawbusiness? Isubmitthe walls which face the Strada Molo there are en._ -prot«tdwiththefewwordsIhavetosayonthismat- haveit. Isthatthewaythattheaffairsofmono**-ter. And here let me say, bwfore I go any further, that dinarih' take place ? No inquiry about tbe value of tbe> & .Klnancwj. Ecel«*«i«uttcal Affair*. PublicWork*.beef LpropeT^e of the .Sinkic-g Fundi• vaA.herot any such form aa tboy assert ^their t\V/b'bv»r other.....War.and by the Neapolitan men-ofwar, and has been sa-lather more rapid than those of diplomacy. Should be and completing it; the sums the most absolutely re- new trial, and the Controller was in fault in noi tolling the very Ba^^e day the Attonpey-GeneralsHpd<>r*»andcbfldren drowu*d off Fort Wa>hington on Thursday for fear of being barer, ly trea ed, have been shut up in of life. The garrison is heuamed in and cannot move ment, In this state of things yon; perceive that,, wicn tbat Mr. Taylor was wll ing to give us a new trial— afternoon are: John C Frpoman, H. J. Hun", John the Palazzo deiPoveri at Naplf a, a lai-ge nnwholosome out of the forts. If Naples fall, Mefceina falls, as a my beat wiab«», it ;s uspciswblQ ?^r ma to sccced tu my ttoiftilMottafa&iftl&fto. I doa't know but what 1part kfleeted, he was forced to abandon the town. yot*R CHIIORKJ* DROWNKO,—The names of the Tb* police agents, who were obliged to quit Sicilymarch upon Naples the"fall of the Bourbon dynasty is quired are obtained with dimduHy., and the feelings me of it. Well, Sir, I ought to take a part of that bur- certain. T o attack Messina would be a useless aacritice of the people are most hostile to '„he Papal Govern- ten my&fIf, for I certainly did hear a long time ago ?<;aton and Wm. H. Bolly.building, half of it used 06 a prison aud the other partpiattcr ef course.mlusion,' "Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rants a legate, to which no Commiswoner of ty* W«« )fflce, le>. me say, affixes his name. I give tham orodit,' 5eoUlahth IS*II • m i ,i,,,••.. ...www.fultonhistory.comw i n^MSBHaMUntitled Documentm m'•.•.,;*.ii,-:r«r.m •--••-rr-,meso. I won'tspeakpe#• • • • • ' • \• . . • : • • , • •' '•Bii3 gMilm—toecity. FromCataniawehearthatinBiancavilla OfEOJUflrelieC.Bronso^CorporationColrase!,sarytobusTbhn<elfinrepeatingtheconversationorvice have gone to Sicily on hearing that there was a Bonjbinh. Frightened out of his wits by Oari^ great'want.thereof officers of all grades." ' 'A letter from Gehoa, dated the>,..h...i.n, st., says that a Sici'y were refused in the province of Messina and i • _ • L-.,. ' ^j; '.•;'.' > JB*tio« INORAHAM. • - •. trial if you want it." On the same day thai iabeing again J a V ^ ^ X ^ ^ ^ i i m ^ ^ e duties of ffUPKEME COUKT—CHAwsitRS—JUXT-11 end 12.~Eefore bim, *<Sir, I am-'K&dj» -<.. Ton caa have a new ;Emperor answered that W c o d d not help.3bim called the Provence—a screw. This; is the fourth Navigation "Company, who, has been dismissyd from of em^arrft>ement, owing to the fact that I have h«ard time. ask ngbim when weshallmeet to arrange a foruis+eamer bought by GaxibaldL The others are the Am- f A ship-rigged *erew steamship, doubtless the City of Austrian soldiers, under the name of Bavarian sterdam, Helvetia, and Byzanoe, beside two tugs.Of stipulation. Now, sir, here is 'jifittiPg'W&to teet hiefunctions: .,f, tmt.afmallportionofthediscussionwhichpreceded _» ***,„.-, ' w \f «tcTV,«" sndv'fttwssi. '" Monsieur: Geb;i^^^msi^^^yrv^-lSw&lgreat me. I heard onlv a part of what was said by the open- ^batM>. Taylor means^by another triaJ, ,fmorn«'fficaoi«»ti*ly thanby continuing to sendpetty rights, took poP8es8idn of two steamers belonging,the coast of Naples; but he advised his royal custom Which calls to mind the old state of Slavery: to tbe company which was under your direction, and", my associate,^Mr. Noyee. except a few words at the speak tohini upon the subject." Then follow eight <>rArt.1.Thetitleof-'Excellency'iaabolishedwithout whichvesselsarenowiinthehandsoftheenemy.The ciofeofbisaddress,andhaveonlybeenprivilegedto tendaysaftertheI^slatorebadadjournedandM-V«|st of the Cape at 9 o'clock, T>ut a thick fog setting in cousin not to yield one inch to the difficulties of respect of persons. Art. 2. Doing homage by kissing solemn appeal made by the General to the feelings of listen to the argument of my friend, Mr. Evarts.Plan is again written to: »• WiH yon be so kind as"W*- give an answer to ourhote of such a dateV And you S willbearinmind,Sir, thatiatbeffrstBototherOwaW notbbgabentdetails, nothiogabouteven theqtiestionofM"m - * $•••••-.•• • " ' V& l.. '-., ' v.r' '•.I!•wh^t has been said by my friend, Judge Edmonds, and Taylor is not now in town: as soon as he arrives I\Vfflwhich come on the. part of the Controller, that he and if you may bang a man on circumstantial evidenoaand infamy.. is mixed up with the, parties who assisted in the atti- you may also gather up. the facts which show that asIncessantly mcraced in your persons, in your prop- tude of advisers, ana that there has been collu- nan has acted cither properly or improperly in a*poignard, as was feared b y some of his friends. W e erty, in your honor, for forty years you have been the sion and fraud in the management of this case. JNow, -mutter of much less consequence than taking the life feam from Messina that the famous Bosco, whoaccept- Elaythings of the ambition and of the tyranny of a if your Honor piease, I shall speak with great're«Tt)t of his fellow man. And here I beg leave to say*1; «**".-'provide for the pleasures of an imbecile. Bourbon, and him, as he well knows/ or at least as he-might''well here on trim, but because they stand connected with tecome the booty, of a few nobles who bstfntatio-isly know. He has. always treat*d me with civility and tbe transaction, and are one of the links in the- displayed their luxury before ybu as if jt were a patent courtety, and I can leel nochlug but pain iu Speaking cl ain of evidence which reach other parties, who- ofnobility.' ofhiminan?mannerwhichhewouldnotpleaseto dostaEdberetobeconsidered. Thepapers, yourYou behold daily your fathers, mothers, wives and hear. Bot still; your Honor, I have a duty to perform Honor, speak for themselves, and if they can answer sisters, subject to cynical tortures, and immolated byrepresentatives with every information. Mr. Chandler, a barbarous police. Blood asks for blood, and that or even at the peril of incurring bis db«pltia*ure. He is ihero papers, we consent to be dismissed from this tbe American Minifter, and tho Marquis de Villaraarina, your relations and defenders of your rights cries aloud . charged, I say, wbh misconduct as an attorney. Wei), plate, and if they cannot answer these, our right sentvery,energeticnotestoM.Carafa,protesting Sir,Isupposemanypersonswoul>?regardthattobe toatrialisestablished,andIbelieveweamTh*Court—Doyoumesnin't^esecondsuit? wereencroaebmentfluponit,andtheydiscoveredthatJudge Broosojj—I speak more particularly, your there were several portions of land where the Corpo- Honor, of tht first suit for here I may tay that on ration cr somebody else had gone beyond the limit of thatpivoteverythingibiogrs. 400feetgrant*dbytheMontgomeryCharter. They, Tbe Court-r-I atk the question, because in the sec- made that discovery, aDd they reported it so at Albanyto tbe fctate. Weil, now, here was enough to excite tbe enpidity of men who expect to make money easier, than your Honor or I ever made i t Here was enough^ if the Court" please, bere was the West J^asaimrtoa. Market " outside of the 400 feet, and now w e will seobeeninCourt,andtheycouldnotagainbemadepar- wbatwecangainbyit." Iithespeculationdidnot ties without their consent or without process to bring come out a blank, it was well worth j the .effort*and the effort was made. Now, in looking at them in against their will. I am. barely mentioning tbe application of Mr. Taylor—Taylor aud B/eu-now what I propose to refer to at length hereafter, and nan? but I put Mr. Taylor for too whole concern. again hi* refusing to defend the tenants when ordered Mr. Taylor's application was made., and a lease w a smat it wat not. I submit also, if your Honor please, Where I know not, but Linfer that, Sir, for I have a.But by the side of the duties of the citizen are also in a controversy of this kind in "olviog millions of dol- right to speak from inferences. I infer that from'that *•«%•w.l!h. Now, had he discretion to withdraw the ,ap-' fico The same day resolved that the lease be granted for havingthefortohthesideofthecitycasemated,con- Brothers,awaittheordersofyourCommittee;dis- peals? Itisabr^adexpositionoftheword"discre- oneyear. Now,Sir,isitpossibletosupposethat" Naples makes no movement. " The Government is if b«- needs must reign, let him reign in a churchyardIioratioc.>y Jurymental, law; and it ia too dear a thing to English- $5,000.'r I beHeve, however7 they did not use the.O.ur ancestors thought the right of trial wcrtby enough to seccre it as a funda-W:isbir.gt< n Market., Please to give us a lease of it fewmen or Americana to be thrown away or- trifled word " phafe." Tbe Commissioners of the LamiGf-wo»thyoftbeoffice. Now,Sir.Iinferfromalltbi»| that an understandiug was had before tbe Com- . miminers acted, for they acted on the very day ; , they got -toe proposition.. I^et me, if the .Court plens*, speak one word as /to. the nature of toe property. It was property which, the City of.,~>oftheCommander,deMartinoatParisnointerchange thatfact,aidtleyhavegoneaboutandgotupoon- NrW-Yorkwithitsownfunds,andUsowntodhadre-|&. of autograph letters took place between the Kiug of xereauons with Conircllcr Flagg, and some other Con- claimed from an aim of the sea. It was not property rj Napbs and tbe Emperor of the French. trnJier, atd with Mr. Tieaunn, and got up messages— which the State bad ever owned or which it hud cv< ^,.In order to give a motive for his mission, the Com- Tne Couri—I don't think it is necessary to discuss expended a shilling upon. It was • not property ov ^ r mander de Martino was instructed to recall that when that. The deductions of any one officer are not of which tbey over assumed any other control than t ^ ^not wish to allow Italy to exist!NAPLES, June ii7.—On the occttwon of the mission' the citv~tbe titie" is in the city? Their papers go to"•'. /• ••.'•'•• -ROME. ;'.A letter from Borne in the Pertcvtranzaeaj'B: s;-> •"General de Lamoriciere is greatly disappointed, burden oftheteamdavits. Well, more, Sir—there has Suppose they have tho title, they have ne « r had it hxbaV. Anilluminationtookplaceintheevening. ryforcomplsting itsorganization; thatallthemoney Sthis mouonasoneof ^gratuitouscruelty. I ofthepropertv. TheO^nmiissionersofthelandOffice, The Paris correspondent of The Herald sav/f tbe I wanted for ibat purpose would be placed at nay dis- fonuditmentloaed three or four times, for I took the knew it> and Taylo^.. and Brennan knew it, o r else • greatest pressure is being put by the French Govern- posal, and that I shouldreceive all the corporation I n S a p T r i along with my pills-nowwhy cruelty? these public officers ^ t e d in total ignorance, aud were ./!• fllflnor Del Re.................Interior . J' • ,•j . '• of damages than we ^ ' f e ^ ^ L ^ f e S - f t . . ever sought to clutch this from *lae ripar'ijan owner!::••;.<of Milan•••',: iwv^wtaj^wD'*;'.-*''.,''• 