 \\:|l!kittatthishotelhadrecentlybeenshutup,andadvised kar to go to another hotel, which they would show her. "dey took her to a hotel, kept by Frederick Heath, Mo. 42Cedar*street. Shewasfurnished witbroomsfine,imposedforallowingpassengersonhisvessel,who wereresidentsofNew-York,toleavetheshipwithoutcanGovernmentwouldtransmittoits representative iu Great Britain very nearly what he had proposed aa anoilerofatreaty. LordLyons hadalreadysent themto the British Government.absenceofanotherJudjie;buthesaidifthecounselofthe'Alder- meri,the-ilon.Danielifi.(Sickles,jwowld prepare thepointsof application, be would take the papers'and give a decision onownedoyanumberofpartners,anyoneofthemcouldorderanypersonoutofthehousewithout oneoftheother proprietorswishes the party to remain; but no such fact had been proved inthiscase. Inregardtothewitnessesinthiscase,everybodywasallowed to testify, audtheir testimony should be taken in the same'mannerunlesstheywen:impeached,anditwasfortheJurytodo-tideinthecaseof.conflicting testimony wliich evidence wootobotaken and which rejected. The evidence of a witness who testified way in her conduct except her going out at night; he hadriotiredIDECKER.—The excitement attending the late ten-milepull between JoshuaWard,of Newburgh,sadWm.Burger,ofPoughkeepsio,whichterminated inacom-plete victory forthe "champion oarsman,*' has liardly •ca, now established in Great Britain. The Courts, therefore, ofhad not been, produced. MarshalRynders—Ihavenoothermanbythatnameinmycustody.,Judge Mullin—Then, Sir, you will have to make areturn to that effect. MarshalRynders—Ihavesostated, i JudgeMullin—Itisarighttba,tthereturnshouldbearticle of separation by request of counsel.)By the Court—The copies given to Mr. and Mrs. Brown wereexactcopiesofthisarticle.He asked Brown if he knew who hi* wife kept company with7&w>r^v-t'?*& mum«*s '6*somewhatsimilarofficesattheprincipal seaportsofthe Union, andgianttoBritishshipownerssimilarprivileges;anditshallnot be lawful for engagenientu to be entered into with the seamen of either country in the ports of the other, unless through the me- dium of these shipping offices, or by shipping masters duly li-ALT>KKMANIC COMMITTEE FOB AN ATTACHMENTAGAINST THE CITY CHAMBERLAIN.The Sjiecial Committee of Aldermen w h o are invest-toleave,whichMulliganrefused. Morrisseywasjustifiedincall- ingassistanceforthepurposeofejectingMulligan, andanyciti- zen passing at the time could have been called in andjustified in ejectinghim. Tho Jury had nothing to do with the law, »xc«pt as laid dow 11 by the Court; and whether right or wrong, theyK\:iIwas, given to Dr. Coril, the lute Physician of ^Ihe ireplied'thatshehadnot. Fromtheweeklystatement, it appears-that93,392ing trade with the President. H e had found that most • John V. Williams pleaded guilty .of manslaughter in the first it was for the Jury to decide whether this was proved. If the. met her in Fulton street. Brooklyn; and on that night .he saidXpassingthroughCastleGarden, favorably received'.#GF"rJSSlfiZWtkn?* VtXD.—Tor a -wonder,the marketlor beef : at Forty-foHrth street the second day wao quite iitwwtheflint. Droversthoughtitcould4Mt *e worse. W e think that it is surprisingly good, •ooModering the number of weeks, excepting one, that ib* weekly supplyhasexceeded5,000heada.week. 3"h»reportof the market showsadecline,butnota w y aerfcms one, in view of the large supply.' 1} }* «vieentthat"panic"hasnotyetfounditswayintothe Xre-etock market.' The last of the bullocks offered of 4,136head,lees61headsenttoPougbJr.eep.de,werein AMr waytobesoldatForty-fourthstreetyenterdayM m n i g h t . I n f a c t , t h e y a r d s w e r e p r e t t y w e l l •1—red at 3 o'clock.I. i m »••-recently engaged b y Mrs. J. B . Smith of the Clarendon Hotel as o'clock. Aimbpcnahavingl>eenserveduponMr.Piatt anurse,butwassoon afterdischargedfor.incompetency. After bytheCommittee,hiscounsel^defendedhisnon-ap- herdismissaltheshawlwasmissed,andwhenshewasarrestedLAW INTELLIGENCE, "beenletoatonbail Tf th'jreforr- Gordon received tbefullsen- tenc«', be would actually receive five mouths more than the statutecontemplated, whatevertheopinionofth*>Coartmight beastothenatureoftheotl'ense,bewouldimploTeluVIlouorto COURT—CHAHBBR&—Nov. 21.—Before Justice lukeiuto consideration the fact that Gordon was an aged man. .lie bad a wife "and a large family of helpless children, lie hada,1 -it* obt Mr. Davidson); h e went one* with «tetttrr to Fr«h» street.No.!W2,butdidnotsee tbe gentlemanthererhfwB-.«ii lectedtoaplace opposite,where besawthenamez«ntl«»ma„ and delivered him the note,,and the gentleman gave him a nVu In siiswey to carry back to Miss ^.d><' lie dees not know *f anv otherKentleman coming to seeMiss Vslpe.Mr.Lord's fourth lectureon "Representative "Women" will be given at Clinton Hall this evening.fact* in the case are these: On. Thursday evening theadopted. A t that time the subject of the British AidRodtSy." ' %BxHXftt ATTHju,l£rsKVM.--i&8.J.J.Prior,thees- Asthetime towhich the meeting stood adjournedcountry. rary employment at one of tlie hofelfi\ Subsequently, six months.Gustuv Lindenmuller was then brought, up for sentence. Mr.Mr. PKRIT, who presided, spoke of the importance having nothing to do to gain a living, he turned his Stnlkiiecht stated that the writ of error and. stay of proceeditnjsMission had been under discussion for seven evenings. titBabJe leading lady at Barnnm's Museum, has her approached, several of the members of the Society onof Mr. Lindsay's labors, and introducedMr. LiNKsxr, who said that he had, since his arrivalstepstothestoreofMr.O.S.Vail,No.4-16Broadway. wouldbepreparedforto-morrow.bf»efit this afternoon and evening, when the Hnccessful drama* of "Joseph and his Brethren" and " RoseEl- joer" will be given, Mrs. P . being the hero in the firstThe Judge then addressed the prisoner, fix* remarked that theMr.Winter,hismaster. Heknewhimimmediately,' Juryhad,foundbimguiltyofthefactsaacharged, indeed,he nowinpossessionofcounsel. BrowngivesthisCMCintotheaad the heroine* in the last.*xf die patrons of the Museum, and will doubtless nave •rowded houses.WAS in the,latter part of September last. H e said he had been in town several Weeks, and that he waa out of work. He remained with Mr. Vail until last Mon-tional, could have been so decided without the prisoner engaging in a direct violation of it.. It was a collision between the prison- er andthelaw. The lawdidnotpermit anysuch collision,and was| of conrr.e the strongest. The prisoner must pay a line of if 2i0—to stand committed till paid.Lindenmnllet will be released on bail given, from day to day, until the matter is decided on appeal. <THE TItlAI, OF W M . MULLIGAN.ever to lead any person to suppose that defendant ha dseduced or had ever had connection with tin's woman. This man and Brown in spite of hisdomestic p*»ac<.- being broken, andM*go**agrbjt^ &.C.,seems to have left' his wife voluntarily; he was a party to the. articles of sepsnUion, and it can lie proved b y testi- mony that tbis was intended to be * permanent separation. Although two copies of these articles of separation have b<*-n destroyed, a thjrd exists, and is now on Jile in this Court,*which shows thsit this wsx intended to be a l&stinx separation. Tt canTto: W A T E RGAS.—Considerableexcitementh a sand the United States. They were as follows:questing bim to send by the bearer " five pair of par-Mr*. Prior deserves well• IngraRam. H e promised a decision to-day, and the Committee accordinglyadjournedovertoThursday,at•'.*[Advertisement.]Thomas is a colored man, 25 years of age and W;:s for-merlyaslaveofJohnM.Winter,areBidentofLouis-ville,Ky. AboutsixmonthsagoMr.Wintereent''victimottheirmachinationswasanunprotectedwoman,withunoon. •*BENEFIT OPMRS.J* J.Mcswint TO-DAV.—The great' drama, JOSKPH AND HIS BHKTHRXX,willbeperformedat3o'clockp.in.,andResitEL-' recently. '"-.New-York Conference of the M. E. Church, though of where the ship at tho time may be.recent origin, has converts already numbered by - 5. As to Desertion of Ssamen.—In'eases whore seamen who . have voluntarily engaged themselves in the ship* of tne respect- ive countries, o*r apprentices whohove boon duly indentured to "the owners or masters of these ships, shall desert tu the ports of U*e contract for regulating and paving Ninth avenue, reform. Two missionaries and one visitor are em- either country, the.magistrates of the respective countries shall, ployed. Two new churches are being erected, and on the application of the Minister or Consul of the country to fieom itsjunction with JBroadway to-Eighty-sixth street, which the ship belong*, grant a warrant for the apprehension of *oAndrewJ.Hackiey,at$62,09225.Timetwo 1,000childrenareunderitscare.Toaiditsfunds,-this thedeserter,and,ondueproofofthedesertion,causethesea-t » anewex.CONTRACTS.—The Croton Board yesterday awardedmyears. Also, for. constructing a trunk sewer in East Eighteenth street, to Charles Shore, at$1,422 80. Time Jiirty days.a—.Jk SUKNER CASX.—On Monday Mrs. Agnes Eppee,apanied by four children and her sister, arrived in city by the2few-HavenKailroad. Shewasac- at the'depot in Fourthavenue bytwoyoung who promised to escort her to the hotel No. 37brindreds; and among them a w some marked cases ofation ; but it wasclearly proven that on tbe night in question he wus perfectly sober.. T n e learned District-Attorney continued 11 some length to review the evidence, and concluded with un earnest appeal to the jury for justice at tbeir hands. - •talked over calmly and good nuturedly, and be (witness) then told his partner, Mr. Miller, to draw up the articles of separation, which was done accordingly, and signed in the'oflbVe in his pres- ence: he saw Brown at different times after the separation, aud he (Brown), assured him that the separation was fixed and un-The woman and children became much alarmed, andemigrantshavearrivedatthisport,snicethefirstoftheof thepresHandmerchantswerenot infavorofopen- ingthetrade betweenport,andport. Thelaketrade most were in favor of opening, and as to the trade be-degree, of his wife. Rosina Williams.Mr.Asbmead addrei-aed theCourt iu behalf oftheprisoner.BeremarkedthathewouldasktheCourttolookwitha.some-Jury had o reasonable doubt, they must acquit; but an idea that they were notexactlyrightwas,however,uotreasonable,but theJuryweretocometoadefiniteconclusionthattbeprisoner was guilty, and must bring in a verdict in accordance with thisshe hod culled on a friend in Sand* street; he went to the place inbandsstreet,and»hehadnotbeenthere;hestayedtherehalf anhourorsoandreturnedtoMrs.Webb's,inYorkstreet,but she had not returned; when he left her in the xtr^t nbe *«id *h« wasgoinghome:shediduotreturnthattimetillafter11.CrosH-exauiinfcd—HecannottellwhensheleftMrs.Webb's; it was in February; he was summoned hero to give evidence in tWs case; never had had any conve-rwition with any per-son aboutthiscase;knowsthat*hcwentoutnightsduringMao- Cunstie'sabseiiee: does not know howol>cu"Mr. MacChristie was absent while she boarded there ; she did not go out durine thefirstweek: shedidaotgooutnightswhile MacChristie w»S absent;cannottellwhetherMcC.wenthomethesecondweek or not: cannot tell whether she went out mOre than once durinr the second week or not; knows she went out ouoe; he think* s h e d u l n o t c o m e h o m e u n t i l a f t e r h e w e n t t o b e d ; h e d i d n o t s e e h e r i n t b e p a r l o r b e f o r e h e r e t i r e d : h u d b e e n s i t t i n g i n t h e dining-room that evensng; she lodged iu the back parlor si .\Jrs. Webb's: hecannot tell what she wore when she went oat; he thinks she went out, because he did not see her about tbe house ;?Lai were made pictured a horrible state of affairs the memory of the author and the man, are requested to com-asoktag the " sons and daughters of toil." As sueh, the "MSidTnrif.ilwastechnicallyaddressed. Therhetoricof 4ssveral of the speakers was highly impassioned, and e&eitod great applause, although it is probable that, if amy genuine son or daughtor of toil had strayed away'..101 maj. 771Tar2.T4 majl SOItnan the domestic rest aud comfort, which follows Brooklyn, * 9 i A Friend, * 2 ; K. JL. J., *>1. Total, *18 60. ttkm day of honest work, however bumble, nad listened:ftredification,thatsonordaughterwouldhaveretired *MINORPonczITEMS.—MichaelMtCarty,acarman who had been held to bail in -«51,000 to answer a ciiurgo of high-in confusion. It is, and generally has been, painful, so way robbery,' baring forfeited his bail by not appeariug for trials observetheindifferenceoftheworkingclashestotheir wasrearrestedonTuesdayevening,andlockeduptolumwcr....; A young man named Jaines VVhalea was arrested on Tuo*d«.yT otal..............' ..i.-'tis Add70countiesollicial....Sii.loZCanoran was subsequently arrested by the Fifth Ward Police amchsymptoms arexnanilost, little practicalgoodcan on suKpicion, and the money being found in hi* poshiitlgt:byabont 2,000majority.. OEOjuiiA EI.KCTION.— The Augtistaling,weieihei.broughtupforsentence.£x-Rocorder Smith, suid that in the case of Enright theykn.h. lid u*.;k«f ^^ buir on both sides ornat2 y; up to nis1be hoped from itsdeliberations. Agitate! agitate! was session, Justice Kellv committed him for examination..... ajAflosophers's cry, however, and while lights are On Tuesday night, a thief was going up Pearl street with $2r>0 worth of*tolen silk* in his poHsession, wh«n be was pursued by Officer Barrett of the Sixth Ward, who su*p«cU*l that the bundle'vriFt B^d<*MC0[?n?d) *<»**fi*d thafh* lt „d at-No.13*.cheap and words are plenty, w e shall oner evtsry quiet «ae<mragement to movement* like that at MetropolitanJB&dL [r sT»EC*6**0*MKCITVCKAX»*Kr^i»-rThespecialCJomxmttseoftheCommonCouncilappointedtoinves-lreaudheMJJout 1 kShTdwI-T*??** ^ ' S of *mploymi.nt, M rs. Rich told him he could stop there and do little" u»b» « i w , t th<r^w^/ ,v tao^OVSociety will give a grand Juvenile Concert in theAcademy of Music this evening. Professor L .A. Benjamin will have charge of the 1,000 childrenman or apprentice to be sent back to the ship from which he de- serted ; and in case of refusal, shall, indict such punishment as the law of the country whore the offense was committed would have inflicted upon tne subject of that country for a aimilar offense.contn, and with leave to plaintiff within 10 days to discontinue, without costs. • .joints which the District-Attorney alluded to in his address to .ibe Jury, but the Court refused to do so.'lhe Judge charged the Jury and remarked that, to approach the case iu an unbiassed manner, it would be necessary to divest it of some of the opinions bearing on the case. If a man en-less, be and Brown spoke together on this subject; on one vce«- rion h» (Brown) told witness that Mrs. Brown was even more guilty than he conceived her to be at tbe time of separation.•;- 1•.'•'•'•John to Evansville, lnd., to a friend of his, alawjer,CHURCHOKTHKPURITANS.—The.statementinan evening paper that the Society of the Church of the PuritansheldameetinglastSaturdayevening,inref- erence to the British A id Mission, and that '' as some d o u b t e x i s t e d a s to. t h e s u c c e s s o f t h e p a s t o r ' s v i s i t t o England, a motion to postpone the consideration of the matterindefinitely wasadopted,"isincorrect. Theforthepurposeofhavingacontractmade(thelawyerMwit in the evening at 71. The wonderful Aztec Children, the acting as Winter's agent) to employ John Thomas on a honest lobor, should be discouraged, For bis part, be alwaysPlaintiff was recalled. Question by counsel—.At whattim* did you lost bsve intercourse with your wifv?] ; « * ! • *'v% r* . ^^^^^m^^m^m^^^: ajfewawetsis •Jim | « E # i Y c K K m Y TRIBUNE, THURSDAY;flOYEMBER22, 1860it wns found in ber possession. She was committed for exampearance, on the ground that by the statute of 1860, ination,.,.Philip Selden, a young man recently employed as SUTREMEsuch process can only be served by a joint Committee1 oftheCommonCouncil,with theaddedauthoritybookkeeper in the store of Wm. Rosenborg, Bultimore, was arrested in this city on Tuesday night by Detective Young, chargedwithhavingrobbedhwemployerofif:400. Thepris- onerwastakenbeforeJusticeKellyyesterday,buthispeniten- tial tears having softened the heart of bis late employer, no com-Mutxiw.THK FUGITIVE 3I.AVK L A W - A FRKBM1N KIDNAPFKD III THISCITYANT)SECRETKD.In the matter of John Thomait. •always been a fond and devoted father, and bad brought up bin children in a respectable manner. Me bad no doubt, and there waseveryprooftoshowthatGordon,morethananythingelse, badbeenamuretoolinthebandsofothers.. .^TCross-exnmuied—He knows Mr, Elliot, and ba< (K-enhim at A . Lof a City Judge.of an attachment were therefore laid before Judge plaint was made against him. Selden was, thereloro, dischargedseeMissVslpeornot;hecannotsaythsth"elebsawhimther*Affidavits calling for the issuemore rhan three times; when Mr. Elliot Cfttm tl... » . - —• -J there he tmiainJwho are to sing. The singers are selected from the 6. As to Shipping Offices.—The Government of Great Britainbreach of the peace, no matter what kind of a housY; it was. Whether any one law was transgressed .in u house, was no reason for the transgression of'"any itber law. It was abundantly proved that Morrissey.from custody.recently been within the pale of tbe law , though it had always beenthevilestofvileabases. Itwasindeedanenormitythat ledmentorob•thehelpless midunprotected; Inthiscanetheand Miss Valpe together there, but can rerwrwiber that Mis.Cutbert's room and MIM V « WS were on the some floor; he h «beeninMissVslpe'j,oom,butneverhasbeeninMiasCulbertV Xbut bo knows there was a door leading from one room to tliWhat Is It, Aquaria, and all the other novelties are to bo seen ataltboars.MR. LINDSA Y ON COMMERCE.viewed such species of Idleness with indignation and contempt. steamboat,runningfromEvansvilletosomepointbe- InthecaseofGordon,heshouldUkethecircumstancesstated9•remained in that situation several weeks. Finally J)e years.John Kgan, who pleaded guilty to murder in th« fourth degree,The Executive" Committee of the Chamber of Com- merceheldameetingonTuesdayatnoon,toheara statement from theHon.W. S. Lindsay,-M.P.,inlied, through Indiana and Ohio; to Cleveland, and thencebythelaketoDetroit;andinashorttimehe reachedCannda. Heremained there butashortpe-ofSamuelLiverman,wasthenDroughtupforsentence. . IheJudgeremarkedthatthoughthecircumstanceswhichied tothehomicidewerebadenough,yetthere wasnodoubtthat the circumstances were purely accidental. Under these circum- JSabjecfr—" Hadaroe de Kaimenon—the 'Woman of 17th May, a motion to adjourn for six months was relation to hin labors in behalf df commerce in this riodfand came to this city, where he obtained tempo- staucesi the piisoner would be sentenced to the Penitentiary forbothsidesof thequestionwereappliedtobyMr.T.S.Berry, to avoid the fttrther discussion of the question,and to agree to sustain him in moving an adjournmentwithoutday. In thiswayamutual arrangementwasmade, that, when the Society should meet as above,Mr. Berry should move said adjournment without day, Cobb. H e had laid before them his plans for the im- day evening, when he disappeared. On Tuesdayand' both sides would vote for the motion. Dr.provement of commercial relations between Englandmorning-Mr. Vail .received-a letter "from the man re-inthiscountrytwo months ago, visitednearlyallthe seaportsintheUnitedStates-andCanada,aswellas the several Chambers of Commerce. H e had just returned from Washington, wherehehadbeenmost kindly received by the President, Mr. Cass, and Mr.couldnotseehowtheycoulddootherwise.'Whathewondered handsofthisElliott,asamatt>-rofspeculation. TheJurymust and gave him employment as porter in his store. This at was Hint they were so long about it. The law, if unconstitn see that according to Brown's evidence there wa* nothing what-iw Redirect resumed—He cannot tell the number of the pUvv, uPRIORATBARNUM'Shelpless boy of four years of age, whose moans to prosecute a longandtediouavoyageincomparativecomforthadbeentaken fromher. Thissystemoflivingbydishonestacts,InsteadofCheever's success or failure was not mentioned, nor'didSbeen raised in Philadelphia by the appearance of a rt> even the British Aid Mission itself enter into the terms 1. Liability of Shipowners.—To secure -national treatment for jor skates'." It. is supposed that he made this strange Mr. JBusteed, the counsel for the defense, summed up also be proved that the plaintiff lias also told certain partjks thatthe vessels of the respective countries, so that tbe extent of lia- demand to set aside suspicion in case of his discovery on behalf of his client, and remarked that all human contro- the separation was final'and unalterable. -This womnn.appeared port hi Tic Scientific American of this city, made by of the agreement. bility may be limited and governed by tbe law of the country in versies have more or less of human interest, whether civil, or in Brooklyn as a single woman, enga^-d ther^ to be married to awhichthecasei*tried. by hispersecutors, aswellastocausehisemployerto criminal! lhelibertywhichacharacter enjoys inthiscountry, gentleman. After this sh»;met with defendant at Taylor', Accordingly, the meeting was held on Saturday even- 2. Jhtles of the Road and XAghU at Sea.—To obtain. similarity take measures for his release. Mr. Vail went to the is almost unlimited, and that twelve men should sit and decide saloon; is known to have been a mistress of Elliott's. )VM it Gas. ThePhiladelphiapapersareoutindefenseof ing,thelecture-room"ofthechurchbeingfilled.The oridentityinthepracticeandinthelawsof"GreatBritainand onthelibertiesofapersonisofitselfagoodinstitution. The necessarytliatthecounselonthe.opposite'sideattackthefamily'Cbm.. A.8eely,chemist,adverse to Sanders'* Waterof the United States, with respect to the rules and precautious place designated by John, and found him confined in learned and eloquent counsel then reviewed the facts of this relations of defendant; mention the wife's maiden ' name, thePhiladelphiainvention;theystatethatMr.Seelymotionwascarriedunanimously,andthemeetingde-tob.oobservedbythevesselsoftherespectivecountries,'inordertheGrandJuryroomoftjbeUnitedStatesCourtincase,andtheevidenceinsupportthereof.Thiscase,besaid,wasandnumberofchildren;tosenditouttotheworld.,gave oat before seeing the Water Gas apparatus that 1M was going to make a sensation article, and that b« bada confidential conference with at least oneoftheclared adjourned without day.mto avoid collisions at sea. nominally the People of the State of New-York agt. William through tho press, to harass and disturb tin"- Innocent? 3. Offensen Committed on the Jliph Seas.—To make provision Chambers street. It appeared that John contrived in Mulligan, but be would show that tlie anishus of the prose- ; There is an evident system of black -raailingfor rendering moro easy and more certain the punishment of some manner to write tbis note to his. employer, and tution was rested in . the breast of John, Morrissey, et on foot by this Elliott—a scheme of extortion got up by this one of the witnesses hi the case. The prisonerSIXTH DISTRICT NATIONAL UNION COCNCILMANIC officials of the City Gas Works. Mr.Place, the en- CONVENTION.—The above Convention met on Mondaycrimescommitted onthehighsonsonboardashipofone. country dropped it from the window whichfrontson14cade when that ship arrivue in the portB of the other country.was charged with a felonious assault on one wretch, whoshouldhnvebeen upon the stand, in OTderthathe Ambrose L. Oliver, for. pointing a loaded pistol might have been confronted with certain anonymous letters that with intent to discbarge the same. The original complaint made hehad written to defendant. It would be in their remembrance', before Justice Kelly, stated that the prisoner violently assaulted bow an excellent citizen had b*ton pursued almost to the Verge of Ambrose M. Oliver, and' the indictment found iu July last madness bv just such a sy.tem as was sought to be pursued ingineer in charge of the Water-Gas works, at theGirardJBooae, says that he was engaged in a-series of exper- Eighth avenue, to nominate six Councilmen for thatrange so that the disputes which so often arise in the ships of therespective countries may be promptly settled on the arrival ofthese ships at*he ports ol either country.'•• 5. Desertion of Seamen.—To agree that the Courts of the re- not in not known. Another person was in the room, indictment was not founded on the complaint made in January would show that they saw through tilfs nefarious scheme, aud spective countries where the shipa ahnll arrive shall have sum- and he showed Mr. Vail'a power of attorney duly ex- last, but there was some secret agency at work between that time • hat, by their judgment, they would aim a death biow.to theJmeatH which he could not interrupt, to allow Mr.Seely to take charge of the works for twenty-four chosen Chairman, and John Thomas PhillipB of the boors, as he desired. The Water-Gas Company offer Sixteenth Ward, Secretary. A Committee on Creden-3o supply the Philadelphia City Works with gas, at 75 perthousandfeet.PORTHrWEST.—Anexceedingly interestingcom-jHrnyof children left the city for the Wert yesterdayafternoon,*under the charge of Mr. II. Fricdgeu, of theC2dldren's Aid Society. A largje proportion of them seph Meeks, William Murray; Eighteenth Ward—H. "were orphans, and many of them had no recollection of A. T. Granberry, William E . Frost, A. A. Valentine, having ever experienced the Comforts of a home. One William RichHrdson, W . A. Ketchnm. The Conven- y o o p a t t r a c t e d m u c h n o t i c e . A p o o r w i d o w , w i t h6. Sltippiny ijfi.rex.—To establish", shipping offices at the lead- ing seaports of the United States, similar to tho«e now in opera- tioninGreatBritain,audtogranttoBritish shipmasterstheuse of these offices, provided Great Britain grunt to American ship-employer to endeavor to purchase him, and, with the hove of gaining time, Mr. Vail consented. ' A writ of habeascorpus was obtained from Judge Ingraham, sit-•' For ever startled by the mingled howl/Of black <»iail wolves, tliat still in darknews prowl;•five young children neatly dressed, and all adopted into the family of the Children's Aid Society, deepened the TJ«tbos of the scene. All were happy, and seemed to Jorge*theirpastmiseriesandprivationsin theenjoy-of the present.J*OLICK COMKISMOKXRS.—At the meeting of this Hoardyesterdayreportswere receivedfromtheSani- tary8qoad,setting forth that the buildings Nos.% JrWk street and 19 Worth street are in a. dangerousk, and liable to fall at any moment, the walls cracked and bulged out. Mrs. Elizabeth Si-were put in nomination: Ninth Ward, Charles J.Holder; Fifteenth Wartl, Edwin R. Wilbur; SixteenthParrel1, aged about 25 year*, met a lad named JohnAttorney'sOffice,andlearnedthatamannamedJonn his best endeavors in protecting them in their rights. Thomas (colored) was imprisoned as a witness against Ihere was a privileged^ set of men, an aristocracy, if-wsjtwh lor $10. The boy had but 50 cents, and Parrellopened the paper, and found it tocontainonly aHmooth, •sound stone. Parrell w a s arrested yesterday, and in Ibispossession was fonud two or three dumb watches,and several stones, with which to perpetrate his awiud-excellent nK*d>l, ;ui«l a good specimen of the skill of her builder, George C Newman, of Harlem.A Nohf r E<TiRMusKi—The New-York Conferenceeither country in tbe ports of the other, which shall have arisen sinca suid ship last sailed from any port or place of the country to which she oelongs, and which snail not have been previously heard and adjudicated upon; or in respect of any breach or ne- glect of duty, or hon-perforniance of any contract, all such cases shall (but'only on the representation of the Minister or Consulperson was confined there—whether by the'Marshal or some other person, is not known—and that he was taken away between the time of that conversation and the serving of the writ.Before Justice INGRAHAM.^-DECISIONS. StephenD. Dillaye agt. H. W.Shipinun—Motion gruntec on payment of $23costs, andcause to be restored to thecalendar.Charles L. Brown agt. H. V . R. Lansingle—Motion granted onpayment of jj-,22 costs.; judgment to stand as security, and cause to be restored to calendar.In re. Sttihuel Wilkeson, Receiver—Memoranda for counsel.' Louis Strasberger agt. (.jilbort Walviii—Motion denied; coststo ubide event. •• "-"; •VYJU. Ure agt. John D.^ Dexter etui.—Motion granted; costs$7, to be paid by pluintifl.James Alexauderagt. Geo. Raphael—Motion granted without.Kelly that if he did not send him the papers be would com-pel him to do so, did he succeed in getting tbe papers • Inthis delay is another proof of the influence of tbe class ofmen that Mulligan belonged to. There was no proof nec-essary that Mulligan should • have fired the pistoL Inpointing tbe pistol, he had attempted to discharge it, andthatcameunderthe meaningoftbe law. They hadnooppor-tunityofexaminingthethepistolto see whether itwasloaded,for it wasdelivered to Mulbgan tbe next morning by SergeantUpham, in the Station-HouBe. In regard to the resignation of so, and he and his wife came together there; the matter was Officer Oliver, he did not dispute it; might have-been forintoxi-evening at Union Hal), corner of Sixteenth street andUpon Mr. Vail's arrival lie found John in charge ofa person, but whether he was a Marshal's assistant or charged the prisoner with a much graver offense. The bill of this case. H e hoped that tbe Jury, by their verdict in this case,district. Lemuel W . Parkea of the N'inth Ward was4. Settlement of Disputes between Mdsfers and Crews.—To ar- st)eet, telling aboy where to take it....mary jurisdiction over tbe. seamen of the respective countries,who violutc a contract into which they have voluntarily entered, ; said desert from their ships.cluded.Could not the-same-code of signals be adopted by theships of the respective countries ?Would it not be well for both countries to have onemeridianinlongitude1•The principles named in the accompanying' Paperand July, the time when the indictment was found on the pre- ecuted in. Louisville, and authorizing him to act in ioiis character of the prisoner.. Morrissey, the chief actor in behalf of Mr. Winter, the "master. John, begged his this case, was represented by counsel as an illustration of muscu- lar Christianity and its chief apostle, being protected from physi- cal violence by tho abilities of a.McKeon, the lion, in fact, laying downwiththelamb,andallthatwaswantingwas a child,lead- ng them by a string. '1he newspapers had for the last year beentribe of black-maiL The counsel concluded bin opening addres. •y quoting the following from Byron:tials reported the following: Ninth Ward—Lemuel W .Parkes, Abraham Springsteen, Henry W.Beers, Is-rael Haines, Daniel W . Stevenson; Fifteenth Ward-r^ masters the use of her offices from which they are now ex- ting at the Supreme Court Chambers, and it was • aying so much about Mulligan, or "Billy Mulligan,'''that it was)I A coward brood, which wrangle as they prey, Byhellishinstincts,allthatcrosstheirway;W.A.Guest,A.Hathaway,Wm.H.Draper,"Nathan Lobdell, Edwin R. Wilbur; Sixteenth Ward—Samuel Moore,.John Thomas Phillips, "William B. Purdy, Jo-serveduponMarshalRynders.This morning that officer Appeared before JudgeMullin, and said that he was ready to make a return to a writ of hubeus corpus, issued to him, and in accord- ancewithitsdirections, heitadbrought withhimthe person-named in the writ .(pointing to a colored maualmostimpossibletoobtainanimpartialJury.H» bea- tified that his place ofbu«ine*s was in Boston, and hlmselTu law- yer by profession ; be was applied to by the plaintiff. Mr. Brown,t i o n p r o c e e d e d t o b a l l o t , a n d t h e f o l l o w i n g g e n t l e m e nC o n v e n t i o n s o m e w h a t a s f o l l o w s :1. As to the Liability of Shipowners.—The ships of Great Britain and of the United Stntet, respectively shall be plficod upon an equal footing a» to liability for loss of life or personal injury, or loss or damage to. ships, boats, or good*; and according-A y o u n g g e n t l e m a n f r o m C a p r o n <fc L a k e ' s o f f i c e , appeared as representing the interest of John^Thomas, he stated that the return was unsatisfactory, inasmuch as the person produced here was not the one mentioned in the petition—if, was a different person altogether.MarshalRynders—HisnameisJohnThomas,andoccurred; aud'on this evidence the jury were called upon to con- v i c t t h e p r i s o n e r . M o r r i s i s e y h a d a m o t i v e f o r t h i s p r o s e c u t i o n ; for be bud acknowledged before Justice Kelly that he Was not excessively friendly to Mulligan; although he would not do him any bodily harm.Ward,JohnC.Hamand Wm.C.Bross; Eighteenth- .lytheliabilityoftheownersofsuchshipsupouclaims-madeinWard,H.A.T.GranberryandWm.E.Frost. theCourtbofeithercountryinrespectof.anysuchloys,injury, or damage, shall be limited in like manner and to the same extent in each case; and the mode of procedure in reference,ind again, if Mulligan intendedito maim or murder Oliver,therewasnothingtopreventit. Theintentioninthiscase,must andmadetwocopiesofthesame,Mrs. lirown takingonecopy, falltotheground. Olivermusthave,seenthepistolinthesame Mr.Browntheother. .1 rummer thut Mr. Randolph saw -two Speakers in tbe House at (Article of. separation shown to witness.) H e recognizes theNo. 1, might be carried into practice by clauses in a m the rear of th<" court-room).thinks the first interview between him and Brown took place at he restaurant; the substance of the conversation was that his wife was in or about the city, and that the separation was fl*vd tnd unalterable ; he met B. u»aiu on the street, subsequently;theconversationonthepart01Brownwasthesameasformerly; itwaseitheratthistimeorsometimeufterthatBrowntoldhim. amanandwoman hadexertedbadinfluence"onhiswife:he (Brown) spoke of'these parties us having hemi the cause of their separation; he (witness) did not kno,w>the names of these per- "0"H! he cannot state, the precise language used by Brown ; tbe' wife of Brown was a remarkably line looking woman : he cannot tell whether she was a minor Ornot: does not know whether she hadalatherliving.Isaachounsberrywasthenext witness. Hetestifiedthat,he w«« a blacksmith, and lived at V\ est Farms'; in 1858 knew a Mis* Sargent;sawheratNo.80Yorkstreet,atMrs.Webb's:ho boarded there at.the same time that MacChristie did. and roomed withhim;MissSargeant camethere during theholidays and stayed there ubout six weeks; he never sawanything outof tho•becamealarmedatthesurroundingsoftheplace.Prison,forserviceinexaminingemigrantswhomightmovedthatitbereferredtoaspecialCommitteeofSXNTKKO:'OKHURDEKEIISAKDTICKETSWINDUEUS. toseeingacertainactcommittedwastohavemoreweightthanathatshewentoutnightsonMaoOhristie'*absencefromthevaribns M. E. Sunday-Schools in the City.COMMISSIONKRSor EMIGRATION.—This Boardmet, asusual,yesterdayafternoon,atCastle Garden,Presi- dent Verplanck in the chair.•hey—Motion deuied; costs ifclO, to abide event,SPKCIAL TKKM—Nov. 21.—Before Justice I.VU&AIXAM. -'1Warren street, where she proposed to stop. On the A communication was received from Captain Nelson, censed by the Government of the respective countries.igating tlie security of the city deposits applied to Justice lugra-h«m lor an attuchment sgainttt the City Chamberlain, to. bringhim up to testify before them; butthe Judge could not hear the were to be guided by that alone. If wrong", the prisoner had tbesray down in the cars the runners informed Mrs. Eppee of the ship Harvey Birch, asking to be released from a Mr. LINDSA Y said that by the next mail the Ameri- mutter, as he was compelled to sit in the Oeueral Term in the remedy of appealing to higher trib/unais. When a house wasThedocumentwas Onmotion,theBoardappropriated$500assalaryto\\eduesday.Tliiiwasdone.--.Mr.PHIXPS propOHed a.resolutionofthankstoMr. OQthe second "floor, but after remaining a few hours, Dr. liadyman,the Resident Physician of. the-City Lindsay for the communication to the". Chamber, andCOKRT OF OYER AND TERMINER.—Nov. 21.—Before .f ustice Ooi:).i>.besenttotheTombsaslunatics. ThesameamountHough andsuspicions looking fellows cameintoherand asked her if she had any money, to which Prison. .nauticalmen.Mr. LiNDSAT stated that he also spoke of the coast-Thi*beingthedayalignedforrtentencingprisoners, .thecourt-roomwasdenselyciowded.witnesswhosworethuthedidnotseethatcertainact.The hou,/.ei"hewentoutafterteaanddidnotreturnsomeni«htsun-attempt to discbargeany firearmscame underthislaw,andit til10or11oclock;heremembersthat onenightinparticularhe wus for the prosecution to.prove that the pistol was loaded andwhat merciful co'nnideration toward tbe prisoner, and bestow fejuiiyMrs.Eppeedecideduponleaving,andwentthearrivalsoflastyear.NumberofarrivalslasttweenNew-YorkandSanFnmcisco,itwasnomorea uponhimthelcaatsovercpunishment.Fromtheprisoner'scou- conclusion., , •year, being an increase of 22,502 in comparison with•downstairstothefrontdoor,whichshefoundlocked. week,"3,259.:NumberofinmatesonWard'sIsland, countingtradethanthetradebetween Englandand vernation,andhisintercoursewithhim,hewascertainthattheprisoner, owing.to his habits'of life, was not in the full possesion The Jury, after a short deliberation, rendered a verdict of SfeocriedsufficientlyloudtomakeherselfheardOut-796.Aggregatereceipts,$248,01f>93.Disburse-India,inwhichAmericanshipsparticipated;allwereofhismental-faculties.Hadtbecasegone-toajury,hewould "Guilty."<••••';ments,$X'35,18754.Balanceinbank,"$12,82839. TJIE TIN-HORN-NUISAKCK.TotheEditorofTJieX.Y. Tribune.SIR: Last year about this time an epidemic not de w r i t x - ^ b y a n y B c i e r i t i f i c a u t h o r i t y , b r o k e o u t i n t h « n t r c « t « o fCourt. The other runner had taken the ferry-boat to the Winter. I allude to the mania for blowing tin-h«raw which In conclnsion, he expressed the great gratifiwa ion not recollect; he was, however, doubtful if he could have proved these facts sufficiently strong to impress ajury with any hopoJerseyCity,asiscustomarywiththeswindlerswhenseizedupontheontirejuvenilepopulationofthoseoitiev,and withwhichhehadvisitedthiscountry.Althougholsuccess;.hehadsoadvisedhisclient;benowthrowhimself ftsonble looms up. On Tuesday, ex-Becorder Smith ap- which tilled the «ir with a horrible and .inoeaoant din, xuffioient what had been-intended as a visit of pleasure had uiion the mercy of the Court,'and hoped that the judgmentto drive nervous fubjecta into niadne«H. You must remember turned out to be full of hard work, yet he thought he of the Court would be tempered with mercy.peared before Justice Welsh in behalf of the runner, the period to which 1 ullude, and the (brill and penetrating tone* enjoyed himself most when'hard at work. He oll'ered Williumfi, who is a spore, delicate-looking man, with a besotted-aide,andthedoorwasfinallyopened.Shethengota -policeman, returned to the hotel, got her baggage and «duklr*n.anddeparted. Inherreticule,however, aise had left $75, which was now gone. From the'de- - a e r i p t i o n g i v e n , t h e p o l i c e a r r e s t e d J a c o b O t t o , w h oSURROGATE'SCOURT-Nov. 21.—Before CHAIUT ABXE BEQUESTS.Surrozate WKBT.g o o d s w a s o b l i g e d t o g i v e b o n d s t o t h e e x t e n t o f "was identified and taken before the Tombs Police N«w-York aud Brooklyn, aud ragod with fearful violence through $500,000. \"To the Society of the New-York Hospital, $*2,000.To the Children's Aid Society, * 1,000.To tbe New-York Institution for the Blind. $1,000.TotheNew-YorkInstitutionfortheDeafandDumb,*1,000. hecannottellpositivelywhetheritwa.aWeekor To the Society for the Reformation of Juvenile Delinquents not before she went out again ; he saw her1045. 3 » , 7 , lf>6S I ' CofKT or t 0•2062. 2:H5, 23<». -:> X?56, t»L Part 11.—- X3C3,2372,trrx2^5,KlKO* COI. NT 116,351. M, 84, 136 - 133.BROOKI.Y> < IT44,46,SI,4S,SO,M.Tin' tiew piloi Ktn*uui Van..Peh CJrecorx>int,pnv.sa SheleftPit*Noi returnedtolhe»• Js.W.ptwwfttteo goirt^ qualities, ivi fntire satt>iactu>».i friU.'ret>led.-In'^ havikil «n<l paK-x-d ujmnreturfiinjt. !< sheUnot*'«lforve boateeooiiiijfup.t* e a i v ^ j ^ u u "A" 1 1 u " ^ line, and her Rtik aud comuKxlious, panelworkbeit.*:<i wood: th» latter h furniturti or pun« I sA't-vatSou. The 00 BenjaminSinur.Ki and oth.en», vrboNew-York, rewai feet in length, M turning a boui!'i;'uAlxwit^i oV.i ol .eteamahipPer^-u., Battery,»h««,auJajnea H. Kltn- the.tug-boat ii rescued by. ther> KteauierBirkb.H-it.Citv. and ah*' bff no damage, and p ifer*wereM.r.W andMr.Komei.l ThePendatU^'t•mxt after a longexamination, the Justice waft compelled —•dischargebim,becausethecomplainantcouldnot positively "testify that she lost the money before enter-with which the air resounded. Finally, the horny became brokenortheirowner*tiredofthem,orthemaniaNubvidedaudthe sound* in (inettion di»*d away, a» we fondly hoped, forever. But I am horrified to pwrceive that the symptoms of thia odious disorder a r e m a n i f e s t i n g t h e m s e l v e s a f r e s h , m y e a r h a s a l r e a d y d e t e c t e d the detestible sound HOwell known of old,' and there is too much reason to believe that the entire youth of the City will soon be attackedwiththemania,andtheairagainbevocalasofoldwith theseabominablehorns. Isittoomuchtoaskoftheauthorities that tkey will interpose and save UHfrom a renewal of this inflic-the members a warm welcome, should any of them cometoEngland. .A resolution of thank« to Mr. Lindsjty was ably sup ported by Messrs. Low and Opdyke, and was mutrii-though somewhat intelligent countenance, in answer' to the uaunl question, why sentence should hot be passed upon him suidthatifhisHonorcouldlookintohisheartastheGodof Mercies could, he would pity him. He had always loved aud cherishtjd his wile, and would resent with indignation any insultt h h t w a s o t t e r e d t o h e r . I n h i s b r e a s t , t h e r e h a d n e v e r r u n k l e d a thought of malice or hatred. H e could not account for the deed he had committed.«:mquences of hl«own.wrong. ItheldapartywhowasguiltyofTo the House and School of Industry, #1,000.To the' Haverford School Association o f Pennsylvania, near Philadelphia, *1,000.Theresidue.ofhieproperty,ifthereshouldbeany after payment of the above bequests, the testator direct* t o g o t o h i s t w o s i t t t e r g .UNITEDSTATESCIRCUITCOURT-Nov.21.-Before JudgeSinP.MAN. .night looking out; be was sitting there by accident, uot bv de- sign; he did not sit there for the purpose of watching hei: can- not swear about ber going out for the third time at all I V,he was outmoreorlesseveryweek: Mr.McChristlewasthere*onan average about foui nights in the week : does not know the pre- cise evening that he met her on Fulton street, but thinks she did n o t g e t i n t h a t n i g h t u n t i l 11 o ' c l o c k ; b e s u p p o s e i t w a s 1 1 o V l o k ; ne wus sitting up in the dining-room that, evening, but did not know positively about her coming home ; th« chambermaid told TM BU0"th<,rcominghome;hedoestnotknowthesizeofthe bouse;therewere10or12boardersiuthehouse;thebou»ehadbut one room in front Counselfordefensewillbringnootherwitnesses.The plaintiff was called again and Uvtitiod that he never toldi n g H e a t h ' s p l a c e .*m o u s l y p a s s e d .•XSDCSTRIit CoiroRxss.—About three dozen persons,coostitutintr anIndustrial Congress,assembledonMINNESOTA.—PartialreturnsfromthisStateindicate that Lincoln wili have about 10,000 majority.TuesdayintheMetropolitanHail,No.93Sixthavenue. tion? Iti-notmanymonthssinceadatorminodonsotwasmade upon fish-prddlers and costerznongers who used tin-horns to aid Theywerewarmlyandcomfortablyplad.Thepromi- themingettinganhonestliving;yetourpolicestandidlybyTHE CKIM. CON. CASE. Brownagt.Davidson.TKNKZSSEK.—Wohave,wyB-.TheNashville liaiihcr vice,whichhecouldnothavecommittedwhensober, nent person at the evening session was Mrs. Ernestine while ten'thonHand urchins aruuoe themselves by keeping up tins of the 17th, official returna from seventy couiitios in aJl the more guilty, for the very reason that he hod.Theevidenceinthiseasewasresumedthismorning. Mrs.FumeaboutamanandwomanhavingalienatedthetatfecX . Jtoee, the accomplished advocate ex" women's rights. JB»ewasaspectator. Thespeakersandofficerswere generallyintelligent,andnot'notorious. The-Congress-resolved firmly, and without the dissenting voice of woman,orchild,thattheexistinglawsoftrade industry areentirely false. The"Confess also j M s o K e d t h a t t h e y s h o u l d b e a b o l i s h e d . T h e a d d r e s s e sdewfening clangor. Do, Measrs. .Editor*, stip up the police to proC.8iR: Itisproposedbyafewadmirersofthelate Wanhiiigton Irving, to make a pilgrimage to his tomb, on the lxt of l>ec«mber next (the anwiverwy of hii burial). Those who m a y f a v o r t h e m o v e m e n t , a n d w h o w i x h t o r e n d e r h o m a g e t othis State, which foot up as follows:put himself in tbe position to lo*> his own, powers.. It was noexcuse iu the oyesof the law. In the present case, witfiout theshadow of pr..vocation oroffense,theprisonerhadstabbedMswife with a knife., inflicting a mortal wound. That he did notknowvlisthewasdoingv.ushisownfault,andagreatpartof lefttherethattoll,butdoesnotrememberhowlongshewas his crime. . 'Sitting, as he did, as a Coart, the responsibilitytect us fron. this nuisance.WASHINGTON IRVING.Breckinridge Bell....l Douglas- -....%•->...;«'..58,152 61,-j-^O \§,\7\)He testified thai he lived at No. 133 Bleccker street in the JKull of 1&58, with Mrs.Louisa Rich;wasthere nearlyayear;canre- member a lady by the name of Valpe coming there that Fall; heTheCourtadjourneduntil10o'clocktomorrow. — — *mTo the Editor oj The .V. Y. Tribune.' t t'•••Mmunicate, with *•Knickerbocker," Box No. 242 City Post-Oftice. CHARITY.—Iacknowledgethereceiptof the following sums, *ent to my cure, for " An English Family in dirftreax.rSen York, Nov. 16. I860. . T. R. CHIPMAN.From Miss Citmpbell. >f5l: J. P ., Greenpoiut, * 2 ; Josephu< jpi- A n Acquaintance, sfc2 60; T w o Ladies and a Gentleman <>fMorgauI>ii-.k ->«.«!Smith;......••.. WiUitunsoii..T! Lauderdale...tN'eakJc-yObion (except 2 dist.)....'Countyyettohearfrom,whichgaveGov.Harrisavwn terrible wrongs and sufferings. Their jwlent cou- night, on »u«picion of lutving stolen a boat which he had in his majority of 39. The official returns will probablv varv meutein suchlicae* vtfere ugeleaa; The Legislature had put it'-Sesnptofresolutionsandspeech**,andthe«tea«iycheer- possession. BeingtakenbeforeJustice.Kelly,hewasdischarged forlackofevidence. Itsubsequently api»earedthattheboathad JMkottmthey curry to their factories and shops ax-enot been stolen from the schooner Inane C. HorU, and the Harbor PoliceareagaininsearchofWhalen.••••BarneyOoran,juatar-this,summing•njislightly;'•.•out«,>£ihfpowerolvheCourttogive himanadequate punish- meia. Behadnohesitation in.givlngthepribouorthefull sen- tence of DIMlaw, which was imprisonment uthard labor in ging SingforDietermofLisnaturalliie..LjOtasJANA.—Thf,*9D00tu2ging to the best .ooaning Coogr<*s. While rived from Pennsylvania, bad his pocket picked of #4.\ Juww turr-.-uilicial mid unofficial, giv«.-s the Stare to. Brockin- . John Gordon and James Enright, convicted of ticket-awind.be carried had been feloniously obtained. Tbe fellow ran ott txnd disappear^ in a tenement house. Tlie policeman followed, and having got near the thief, that individual dropped his plunder, and so secured bb« escape. The goods are at the Srixth WardStationIIouiKiawaitingaclaimant JohnBaxter,anIrish boy 19 years of age, was arrested yesterday, having in hia pos- itessionakorsevaJoedatWM.beloiuriugtoTobiasCadyofNo.XZ Oak street. A« the horse had been stolen, Baxter was lockod up Idanswer.by.JiMtic*Kelly....DetectiveRoachyesterdayar-tbef«n«nber a Miss Valpe that lived there sheoccupiedafrontsoouiinthethirdstory;bosawagrutle- mancomo thereto seeMissValpe-"be answeredUi#>i v**** *C° K * « » *f Africa to tbe othVrs of He stated that there were particular officer* to do tlvat busi-tigate the acftehflt;^ Cawmherfcain Piatt upon the city moted a French womannaiued Jeannellu'tt'.ebeau, charged with ;;32J; AiUw, Opp.; 351. >nyi°l #s*1S t> *mk i#o*j»iw»n) vtl\i*>4 »• #l&- Jvww w§i4tJ°mSSSfibZSfiSLl*Zl « • office closes at 3; 1sutod tliis couver«ation to Mr. FrankUuJinfavorofopeningthin, lieliadatobroughtoursmuggling acttothe noticeof the Cabinet. iJy thehuv«endeavoredto*howtotliemevidencesoftbeprisont.-r's iiihauity. Helutd endeavored to obtain phy»ician» tovisitthe prison and sec the prisoner, but wanting means had been unable tolawof17i"9,.whichwasthelast,ifanywaloronboard succeed. Neitherhudheuee.nublotoobtainthe necessarywit- awhipwasdetectedinsmuggling,howeversmallthe nesseswhowouldliaveestablishedthinfact. Inhisintercourse amount, the ship was confiscated. Mr. Cunard, in con- with the prisoner he hud informed him that he sometimes. ThewillofThomasEddywasadmittedtoprobate.After distributing about $25,000 among his relatives,t h e t e s t a t o r g i v e s a n d b e q u e a t h s a s f o l l o w s :SurRXMx C o c No*. 31S^.1678.l;v*. 1972,197K.19KU10"i lOe-4, 6oo;sequence of the urnuggling of alx>ut $200 worth oflabored under the delusion thut somebody was going to murder h i m ; o n t h e s e o c c a s i o n s h e a l w a y s a r m e d h i m s e l f w i t h a l a r g e k n i l e . w h i c h h e c a r r i e d o p e n ; t h e p r i s o n e r a r m e d h i m s e l f o n the day Of the occurrence in tbis way, but what occurred lie didtS f l ' K K I p H 17< tWehaveilsoreportedreturnsfromthefollowing counties:THK. SLAVER KATE.Th% trial of the case of the slaver Kate was tinned t h i s m o r n i n g T h e e x a m i n a t i o n o f J o s e p h T h o m p s o n w a s continued l i e testified a* follows: The trunks f o 3 <!> the Kate h„d the name ot Da Costa upon them; they were after- ward taken from the Marshal's office by Capt (Itto *io not kfiow that Da Costa sent for then',; do nof knot-when the K«?«Xtlier heVs„?J**£»*«" *tth* AtU,,tiu Uw**ESflSS S * a ^ P* Pos^.wa. Cross-examlned-The examination which 1 made was underthe second neizure, arid prior to an examination on thelitM, ThT stave found on board hud a quantity ef ten cent and other piece-!w.reallnew rhereweresixofthem. Therewerethirtyiron pot. on board, holding several pdWWli. The pots were in i Ou boundboxes,audsomewereloose.James-L. De Oraw called-Am clearance clerk in tbe Cttttont- t»!' nili ,""'" ;1L'Jre. •J;ilU, o r " " y ^ : after vessel-are cleared h,ilT'r 1 fpt ln »y»*c»; know llenvy'C,Smith,tbeI ^ v J o 0 ' K l - V 0 , i thr, s t , u l d : *« cl«>!^<» the bark Kate iu W ' « ; conversed with me in regar<) to the clearance of th« b4uk. [Thenatureoltheconversationobjectedto.]f«, !w!V °*"J"?&****l"P«"ove thefaotof Smith, asag.mt foi the ownvrs, oflenug a brib<- to clear the Kate. "im. s,me. I Objected t.o by Mr. Donobue. J The ikfttaedon iutr-matteroltbeclearanceofthobarkKatewasonthe Htbort^ir o f TM*y« 1 6 ^ i ,Mr. Smith, us agentfor theovnaora oftheKate, came fo me In the Naval Office: he bud then just cloved S'md ."^ mo l«lM«oi«?dto)why1persi«ted;in»- 1 lu t0th OKtneas,anditwasuoueolmvbusim»ss< hea»kedmeif 1hadever «fW,Jtt.h«,.°J,«*««ai Isaid,notone«mt; hesaid,youcan UJonvUh; 1lakedhjmUitwashi%intentiontobribeorbuy mef-don't know which word I used; be said no, that he sup. posed1badscruplesagainstanythingoftbatkind., ». « had^considerable other oonverxation, not partioularly re-nU«t.J idi4Utv)(ks4 his iutUuciious; the jfecto wtsr« tubmiV.H a m k i n s . . . . ,Hancock (except idis.).. 4;>3 v arl+r.•••*.•••••.••.••• .Total'.....,..... , . . ,Breckiurldge. Be'U.DouglaW. tion.that all the. sympathy should be reserved for such a perpe-utgives-thereturnafromallthecounties in Georgia except. Echojs, Tatnall, Harralson, and Bua&s.-; The votefoots,upforBreckinridge-BellandDouglaspionarcawritoferror,andapplyforastayofproceedings.Tim Judge fluid that they could have till "that time to propur* abill of exceptions. He was however Confirmed in his own de- cisiononDintsubject. Hehadarrivedathisopinionafterduo deliberation; H e should not, however, grant aiiy stay of pro- cetdingi). "••-'.;••'••TheDistrict-AttorneysaidthatEnrightwouldnotbetentup till Saturday.gSSSff »te beforethehoidaysandremainedthereaboutsevenweeks-hito ^ *i' T' °5^*«*» Oarter. tor thecoast of Africa; he.c^ie--....50,909 ...54,286P h hS f"i .*_V»y* l * Pa nMajorityagainstBreckinridge-. Theconntiestohearfromgave Brown, Dunx,the same gentleman there before; when the « S r o I n l „ m h tnesamegentlemauthere KtheKaU a,Jth n''"* '" »*Whewouldseemealter3o'clock•1 , 1 3 51 , 0 6 7 * 27St>6'i am,).'«o.'>niuj. 1,587:•10 maj.cio» 4 1Hlib'32180.wo10.1T9t r a t o r o f c r i m e . T h e l a w h a d b e e n n e v e r t h e l e s s v i o l a t e d — t h e victim none the le^s sent out of the world without notice. The moment the Court yielded iu the slightest degree to this feeling, that moment it tacitly encouraged the violation of law, and sanc- tioned the shedding.of human blood by "any one iu a temper. Th« prisonerwasinadelicatestateofhealth,andsentencetoimpris- onment for a few years would probably be adequate. In that viuw, and that view only, he would not .pass the full penalty. The sentence of the lav/ was that the prisoner be sent to Sing Siiig'for tifteen years and six,months.CbaiiesManbattun, a bard-lookmgyoung man, with "despe- rado" visibly imprinted in his countenance, was then brought up. He hadpleadedghillyto murder in thesecouddegree,of Richardson Grey.ThepriVoneiremarkedthathehadnothingtosay...62,570Bell's plurality over Breckinridge 4,202, aud ScottBaton.RoygeAdvocate,10,850 7The Judge thought that was probably the wiscflt course.had seldom heard of so desperate a cane of tailing human life. Inthefirstaffray,theprisout>rwasunarmed. liethenraninto a shop, seized a bute'.er's knife, ran out and killed a man. Com-' 'lh« Judge then addressed the priwoners. He' snilT that theThis is a most singular and /interesting case. John on*nse for w^ich tbe prisoners bad been convicted bad only for a Miss Colbert that boarded there; he never saw Mr!>iiWObjectedtobyMr.Clinton; ohjectionsustainedbytheCourt lowontheOhioRiver. Theresultwastheemploy- byhiscounselintoaccount. ThesentenceofGordonwouldbe9 IIS1havingbeenalreadyelicitedonpreviousexamination.* mentofJohnThomasas steward ontheboat,andhe oneyearns imprisonment-in the Penitentiary; thatof Enright Mrs. Ssylesrecalled. NotinCourt. *•'"It appears that Mr. Vail, who was at one time doing business in Kentucky, had hired John Thomas fromThe .Judge said, for the purposc|of carrying the matter up in s, proper shape,'judgment would have to be pronounced.AQUATIC—GRANIV ROWING CONTKST—FAY agt. thereto shall be as provided by the laws of the country whero orcinary as well as convenient, but the person sought witnesses for the prosecution were Morrissey aud the officer, handwriting, signed by Brown and his wife. (Witness read* thesubsided, ere the attention of the lovers of rowingeither country, in determining whether avessel which has caused or suffered damago is in fault, shall be gu!d«d by thoso rules, and the adoption or otherwise of tho system of lights or signals whichBrown saidshewaswithapertonwhowasoueofabandof Ethiopianminstrels; he tbinlcs tbis wus someweek, afterthe separation; the separation took place in March, 1H55; be sawpastime is centered upon the trial between the abever's stable, No. 17IN Elm atreet, being in a danger- famous rowers. The race will coijie oft' on Thursday, have been agreed upon.Mr. Water bury summed up for the prosecution, and said that Brown two or three times after that; sometimes in tbe eating-condition was demolished yesterday Storaihg- by the Squad. The absurd report that the Commissioner** bad issued a s order compelling policemen to wear $10 jpatest leather top-boots is untrue.AP*TTTSWINOI.JTR.—A dayortwosince,JohnCity Yacht Club squadron, at the foot of V an VorstXwmard in the street, and offered to sell him a gold street, Jersey City. Both men will row in single-scull cluded in Extradition Treaty, the power of summary juri.dic-contest between overycitizeu in the State and the prisoner at the bar. There was.a sometubig which accompanied every citi- zen, and enabled him to go to any part of the city, and protectedthe 22d inst., between the hours of 1 aud o*o'clockregret concerning the .separation; tbeir manner toward each other was calm, and good-natured at the time of separation; they were perfectly agreeable, and seemed mutually satisfied with flic ar- rangement.His deposition taken in Boston does not contain anything about the negro minstrels; his bu«in<->.s on here is to attend tbis trial; he has come on for that express purpose; when be met Mr.Browninthestreetnoregretwhateverwasexpre**edabeut Mrs. B.;henever knew the"family of M •-.Brown; didnot un- derstand that she was a minor; his recollection seems to be thatAnna. This man has been in.custody since the-i50th of this city. The only power they had was in tlie use o f the knife be did not cont-ider that transaction confident .1: cannot tell March last, and he was committed under, the name, or pistol, which they at all times carried in their pockets. Iu re- whether Mr. Brown hud a representative p>esent or not when be abovementioned. Mr:Vailisso positiveinhisstate- gardtothedelr»ybetweentheoccurrenceandtlieindictment,he made the,former deposition: the deposition wastakenhiJtheThomas, that there, is little room to doubt that that Justice, and not until tne District Attorney wrote to Judge whether bis, deposition was or was not cx-parte testimony.p. m. The distance will be five miles, and the amount•rowed for, a pm-ss of $500, or $250 a side. The boats tiies, be given to the Federal Courts of the United State**, andaddition to the return.The return being satisfactory, tbe counsel could notto the Courts of Great Brituin, to apprehend tho offenders, on will start from a stake-boat in front of Burnham's. proof being given, such as would justify his committal in eitherroom.Our reporter went to the United States Districtmust be maintained. Tbe officers of the law must be protected in the discharge of their duty; and since he had been in office, and ,as long as he should remain in office, he would use" Cove House," which is near the station of the Jerseycountry. But such prisoner can enly be delivered to the Minis-terorConsulofhiscountrytobeeenthomefortrial,byanorder of the Secretary of State of thep country whore the prisonerwas arrested. In all offenses of a less heinous nature, nor. in- a man named Harris, who had been arrested for mur- it can be called so, who ,live by the exercise of theirshell-built boats; of the latest'"style. Fay will row in tion shall, on the representation of the Minister or Consul repre- senting the country to which the ship belongs, in which the finally agreed to accept that nuni. He then pretended the Thomas Jefferson, a I..it of fine model and iinish, offender serves, be given to the Federal Courts of the Unitedbuilt by J;iuies Mackay, of Brooklyn. Decker will States, and to tbe Courts of Great Britain.*ovrrap the watch in a paper, and finally handed the 4 As to the Settlement of Dixpvtet between blasters and Crews.^packagetotheboy,andLurriedaway. Leonardsoon pullintheMaryBellRoberts,which isalsoaboatof —Inrespecttoallclaimsanddemandsby"ownersormasters,of- ficers or seamen, nguiiiKt each otker, of any ship belonging toder, committed on the high seas, on board the bark wits, rather than their hands; and this set of men have- her father was dead; he did uot receive any pecuniary recom- . grown in power till they are known and recognized in all parts of pense for drawing up those articles, but receive^ a little wisdom;TBog tricks. Justice Brennan committed the prisoner City M^ion in this City, under-the auspices of the of tbe country to which such ship belongs) be heard, tried, aud dealt with in a summary way by the Consuls of cither coantryJohn C. Paine, a portly individual, very gentlemanly and easy in hjs uddress, testined that he was a member of the Boston Bar; he remembers that the plaintiff called at his otfioe to have articles of separation drawn up; Brown stated, as one rev-on of separation, that hewa-<unable to support hiswifehiproper style, andthat she hadbeenout night,without hiscompany: witness told him to bring his wife there to hisoffice; Brown didthe claim is made.2. A* to the jtvle of the Hood and Lights at Sea.—The ships ofOliver, who both swore that they saw Mulligan point the putol, while four witnesses for tbe prosecution swore they saw no pis- tolpointed. Therewasnoproofthuttbepistol wins loadedbut the rambling guesses of the officer Oliver.lhecounselcoucludod'byapanegyriconthecharacter oftheprisoner, stating that Mulligan wus the peer, in all the manlyvirtues, of any man within tbe sound of his voice. He was time or subsequently; ke asked Brown where his wife was; brave,true,andhonest;hewasnotentirelyfaultless, but,al-thoughhewasmalignedbythenewspapers,wassuperiortoanyscandalmonger in connection with them. ;made in writing. . -. Deputy-Marshal Thompson then made the required this was not a fight between Mulligan and Morrissey, but was a house and sometimes in the street; Mr. Brown never expressedGreatBritainand the United Statbs.,respectively, shall adopi one and the same rule of the Road (as may be hereafter agreed upon)fortheirguidancewhenmeeting atsea;andthe-shipsof the United States shall adopt the system of Lights, or signals atagainsthiswishes;hisreplywasthattherewasawomanbythe name of Miss Cusick that she associated with; either at that:3. -iff to OJfenvtt Cominiuedonthe Jiigh.Seas.-^ln the case of hoinous offenses (named in tho .Extradition Treaty now in force between the two countries) it is agreed that power shall, *>n the represent clion of tbe Minister or Consul of the respective couu-press the matter further, and the parties left the Court- him in any pohition. This was the majesty of the law, aud this•devolved upon him to take care of the safeguards which pro- tectedhumanlife. Itwasbisdutytoshowthecommunity that the law did not hold life any the lews sacred because tho partywhotookitWB*unconsciousofbisacts, itwasafalseno-UNITED STATKSDISTRICT COURT—Nov M—B riorc Judge BXTTS. .'/from r»-ConAtitutional- would not be able to prepare a bill of exceptions till Saturday. They;would auk delay till that time in order that thoy mightMr.Wm.V.Howe,inbobalfofGordon,statedthathehad .yfy3S?., •ened bis hill of exceptions upon tho District Attorney. Hewoulda*kbinHonortotakethecircumstance*ofGordonsome-what into itccount when passing sentence. Gordon had already the gentlemon then, after that again, Leon imprisoned fvj live mouths, while tab other prkouer u*4Untitled DocumentH ew o u l d b e i m p r i s o n m e n t a t . S i n g S i n g , w i t h n a r d l a b o r , f o r t w o' C o u n s e l f o r p l a i n t i f f h e r e r e s t e d t h e c a s e .Mr, Clintou then opened for the d«-feii*e. He remarked thatthis WASone of the most extraordinary" case* ever brought Into Court:acase which never should hsve been brought into« courtofjustice. Theplaintiffbasevidently,iucompanywith Mr. Elliott, entered into this prosecution from motives of oe..u. uiary benefit, expecting to get bold of some portion of the-wealth attributed to the defendant. The motives are plftin, «od it could vasily be um'n what a philanthropist Mr. Elliott w«»ixeet>- ing this woman as a mistress in tho garret of soxuo tfamtr* bouse. The counsel had hoped that this Elliott would havn been put upon.tbe stand; be hnd documents that would show that this Knight Errant of philanthropy bad been divorced from his own wifW in the State</f MaH»aohM!**ttM. This ingrained wretch also made love to this woman by letter, which letters are:/:ted in wrirln*: if I should tak-IMr. FrankliiSome-timenla *2flpi<ce on handedittoMr thebarkKate;he TOUwish; much he is frequenH v inAftertheme, snddidnot ha ofMay-theJo*et jiartlcularsbontit 5dofJnly.The District-/ that tbe.bar*, w and a report onWitnassresun- •hrwasclw"i.'-! bntwithinanh-u; hrou^btthe e.U-\rn papers,and imnw jb«rkKateASasU Smith next ssi-i* log out. of tbe or thathewasgoimr vriui»ei/edand>Thatwssallf,h » d i d n o t a p p l - •pplied for a v- 3vate, Mir. Smiti thecoastof-Afri, »ncewairefusedt^. wii« wiied by ( sotHis rjemarx wns was seixed; wbej; band with «t psj>er i •fixed a'secondiim.•was awWe of the .aecondseiamreA-:ha piring in connei-ri fact in tbis evide:ic<Motion to strike drawn, -with advice Cros«-frxami:.- . - Sever been presentPapers shown »a'<R^snmed—A bro notbimr ©n the in^ It was obtained, th ward voyage o» '!i«Further testir-.onSUPERIOR CC ACTIO* TO COMJsrr.e* Banf -i« This action ?* siefendant to makagie<-ment made hy ortopaytothep[ loss sustained by tl ofthebarkAzoii.1 In Great Britain. ij' »gent of the Cornpt It appears thet tlfrom Quebec to having .in agency is an agreement fr^ui cargo at a specified date, and if not cat to b^psid..ThevefewlMil-i, tached. Th* agent•-ylamtiff's agent, bio sail zi the earli»*t turned to the sgi ni requestedbythe<%On the voyage claimed in the corn] «*i;theCompai:vi their agent bad no 1 sued the defes-...: claimed, which d: ersl Term of thm ( Company had no actionis, therefore new policy, accord^ is Still on. pu-r-icc x a n d e s - H a m i i t a c COURT O F . CO* COST OF RtM^vJohnMcOra The jury foun< verdict on the formCSiM> vruj> published Andrews tu.J TbooiCOMMON PLKA*..fBourgeoise a ccost*.. Le'Roy agt. Jeiopinion).Galgr agt. Blis*'.--ton>.Camdn agt Dehic W'oodhnll agt. Ej*59 10and$21-os tea days from entry' BEFOPK • THK A1DXRMA J, lux The particularTKIBOK at the ,ti Alderman, and the assaulted thepis: City HsiL Tlw Jury, who as*e*»»-dJames M. Snnt-j. COURT OF GJS,W'iUiftm Sicklesi loafer and thief abont tall negro, hrs "•pel," robbery on tbe perso; gentleman residing in at II o'clock Intbe .1 ing some chang* whi oysters at Harv-^- Broadway- . The ol< knocked tensele** Of the pavement. The walked hastily.aw yHarvey Vaieutir;*, Case, which were *o fort was made in d>-f< •f guilty, upon wliel six months' in.th^- and six months. Sic been known to thf p denperafe charactMary Fox,alias. R three years and si.v n from tno counter • 2^th of October.'Silss Reed pknuird prisonerwas<ad#C?! innocence,but_ws» tbecounselassigned 1.umber of years ln-p Chss. Blsuvelt's d *"* of the KKh N6vem:;cBROOKXYN 'OOC SON,J'isJoeephBebon,in tbe third degTt'ibinghim,wasyesteyears ana six sjsoi.auofFrance,at*n>rV Robert Knele,.aycof burglary in the t.ii•fAnnRadford.No. -HewassentenceUtmonth*.Charles Starkw.atdegree in pauius -o Sutv Prisonfortwo sielphia,39yoarsvta,cous U. S. DISTII.SurRXMx C b c ated—Nos.63.64,"0* 47. 50.52to62.*^;Nomercyfina—theseharpiesmustbefed." Wm. F. Miller was tlie first witness for the defense.Mr. Busteed then proceeded to quote from and define thestatute bearing upon the case, and continued at some length toexputiate on the difference between the duties of ajury'in a civiland criminal suit, as shown by their differout oaths. The prose- conversed with each of the parties concerning the inducement, cutionwasaidedandabettedbyJohnMorrissey,whois himself, totheseparation: Brown informed witness'that Mrs. Brown by the admission of the District Attorney and his own confession, seemed to have lost all affection for bim, although he bad done all a felon, and the keoper of tbe gambling-house where tbe fracas be could for her: Brown said that she was fond of dress and com-pany, and sometimes absented herself at night without his know- u i g w h e r e s h e w a s . o r i n w h o s e c o m p a n y : | t h e y h a d c o u v e r e d o n the subject and agreed on separation. Brown afterward brought his wife to tbe oflice of witness, and witness spoke to her on the subject; her mind appeared to be made up to a separation, and the papers were drawn up; he kept the original draft him*-lf,he is in my custody.The counsel replied that the coincidence was extra- one time, when lie .was rather overcome by liquor. The only instrument as being tbe original article of separation in bis ownwould explain. H o had sent to Justice Kelly several times supposition that witness could t o t come in person ; bis sole b'lsi- ment regarding his conversation with the other John for tbe papers in this case; no notice of this was taken by tbe nefcs in coming was to attend tbis trial; be did not considerMr. Busteed asked the Judge to_charge the Jury on certain ' changeable; she was sutisfied and he was; within a y«»ar, more orCross-examined—He bas formerly rtiade a deposition: did not mention all in that deposition he has testified to here to-day ; bis Patrick Gibney, Administrator, agt. John M. Mar- ieied a house and refused to leave it when requested, it was a leason for that was, be was not aaked, and had uot reflected: heBefore Justice MOLLIK.shall make provision for extending to American shipowners th«privilege oi shipping crews for their vessels in British ports, onthe same conditions as the crews of British ships are now en-gaged,providedtheGovernmentofthe United.Sta'tos establish THE CITY DEPOSITS—APPLICATION KY THI SPECIAL before going to tho Police-Station, reque«ted MuUigau$ 1,000. 1 1 «*?0 l * *t thut time; he was sitting at the parlor window that1 here was a larg« concourse in the court-room.Sylvester Peterson (colored man) was the first witness culled.tions of his wife, but that he had told Paine that Moloney And his wife had made some mischief between thorn, or something to that ellect.there before he went away j she lodged in tb* third story, front room; he could not tell her age, but described the lady, corre- spondingwithpreviouswitnew-es;bo.knewofonegentlemen coming to vibit her; the gentleman was now in Court- the gentleman behind Mr. Smith (points to Mr. David- son) ; witness's work was to tend the door bell and do g e n e r a l w o r k ; t h e b e l l w u s " r u n g w h e n t h e gentleman called: he asked.for ,Miss Vnlpe, and the witnos* showed him up stairs; bo pointed to tbe room door and then re- turned down stairs; he cannot say how long tbe gentleman stayed; he thinks he let the same person iu At nine or ten o'clockiutheevening,butdiduotshowhim.upstairs;hesaw bim unother time in the 'morning; on that occasion he did notlethimin;itwasabout7iuthemorning when he sawthe gentleman coming down stalm; witness was »weepiug the ball that morning; he carried a letter, once from Miss Volpe to a Mr . Davidson in Kront street; delivered it to a gentleman.;staudiug in the door of the place in Front street; it was a "bakery he received an answer to the note, directed to MissValue'and returned with it to her; could not say what tho number of the;storewas in Front street; tbe gentleman wore side whiskers at the time; did hot carry any other uot« except at thut time. r •Cross-examined—Hecoulduottellwhetherthegentlemanbadbeard or not, or mustaches, but be remembers bin bavine side-whiskers; he does not know of any person by the noi»j« of Elliotcoming to'Mrs.Rich's while he/was there;hifSfl*not tellwinhewthereritwasa respectablehouseornot;bhethinkstihnatallheknows. of thehou*^*- wasrespectable, but he could imageiune a gooddeal:;hie^n«ev»er;«,uaw Mr.EUlllli^ottVh.e..r..e..t»o^h,.•is.,knowle-dig,«e.i«|,vuunews there were more gentlemen there than ladies e but. he H„,V? . ** ^ f f ~ F ^ tranaactlons with Smith began-somet o t h v«TM P<}M} hewentthereaboutamo,tUbell when rtbe gentb-man came, andafterhowasadmit-*ted, be(thegentlemanyaskedto,see Miss.VaineThehad^en -, u.7 \iji0 gentleman) »-*•—* * — **,.,,„hewontup.tairs,butcannottellhowlongJwl££Sl tJTlw Itthe head of the Naval Office. [Objected to, and objection ov*r-bhousehiniBleeckerstreet,butblioecannottellwbh«e-t'herhecanieTo,other. ~ Frontstreet, but.couldgoto-it atanytime;hasnotbeen"to5Aged or young, the living or the dead,.• ,.to draw up articles of separation between himself and wife; heRo-direct resumed—Mr. Brown told him positively that Mr*. B. staid away all night.le ed •g£$|8~:'ZtfsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-- -'•...• *&—1—-• —•-•- -- JSS*-Av«^*-- jmm •-.....^--.•»-......_....._ „* __.www.fultonhistory.com1 