 scwBi5'"""»wsiifp?'«Bwsiia!iBiPW^*'''fr^^^^^9"P!i^'?!P"^W^fpPipiliPiBF'^Sff'.'AWSW'^"- *!;»!««*piliJl^ IWhat Mr. Yanxet'sbo inandwho makes this statement aret1(i0M«mMnl|r<'' iiteandaa many cattle were disposed of as usual during withCourritr de$ Etatt Unit, yrttHtf from Managna, anntrances Ote(lOTtHMiiica complete Digestwith black-—courage the hopes of political alarmists, or say, an urgent necessity for the discovery of lic inspection.yet beanopeaMtatpob-(Thursday) Uosxnrs, In ample time iar Om IlMBaiiip Iforth Star, which •aUs for As-to clear himself from the suspicion of being aSlxty^iiiith B«|i-tanjf^jg^iaoiaawwliick tMkSqdier, has been condemned by the survey- States into revolution." Nor can we forget ing engineers as too |costiy to be prudent. Inl>ismajorityover Hr. Fostek,gram hath it,but a few yards firom herrenew the charterandiftheroadceive the colors from the Colanel's qoaitsf^ ia tiaefor ThiDmuM; ilbrTvmTDaLuat. .ivhibited noin^ortant duinges.The Cattle IGiAete were quite active yerterday.saved.A hot aad own snch apeoplewho woultMr. WaiOHi, ofthe SpriagMd AnMir,was(a- sented Ms evening, aad Hutwad UsiBvitaiioa ArtOiUr(»NU.Iip«hBfdiaasothatbimrswho want this class must go to the yards Tues- and sectionalrouteHelocates ita-Knraldua.E>0 CBXaTBE—Anus Amos.cattle were in active demand, and sold qnite as speculators look to their investments high as last week, say at 9c.'a9ic.. a few at 10cindicating its approach to admittingaA oceanhithe ir«r«^ •l^^itart.a.Itio*, la wntpptn.Hiwally faiclude most of the good stock,bodings. Tliedeetiim in Indiana seems to have partici- bodypossible, certainly,every- theyit But tbc perhaps expressed better.point,statement,indicates over theMrtmBtemM-possiblewith.shipas theConnaught, are none1eaawvondentof thesupply -Tn SAOoa or Fbasci—Tax notocca- Messrs.and the Ulster andprivate box he has had tawaOitorii^ "DaefQUISKT-FAtr WoMxi or tbi'distancevorable to the enterprize are declared by this writer to be supplied by this route. Not only isail-.."-raarlcable ship to be launched for the Galway busy just now in their yocation. They are de* hour ; she was promised to fulfill the condi-notorial.i-a. MMo'iBaluuit - 3tt—Wbbumti no ouunin an extraordinary degree, and she was to outstrip all competitor^ as to el&, gance and comfort. And when th^ counting-taMM flw OalUtavia. Tte'CAUroBSiA, dedgned__^^ Preparatfens Ar tke Priaea af Walaa>lBtia«JtaC%ud<feh America, CalifomU, Oregon, Wash- |^|[H_ firtllili Columbia and tlw Sandwich Islands,doing,knowing.person byof American Brenta Mit Inilti In Eoiopo during the past ten days, will bejoinof the politicians, in the hope that between allay their fond expectationsMuu orugto address the public on the p<ditical issues of the level of the uniformity indicated, but the ness the races, and assist at the rendition of" Maitha"UtUepresents sent to the Prince is a very eiegsot Yi^briafor circu-of lieve that it win produce some effect. They her hull, what other assurances did they needspecial object mayble to add that thecompetencereliabilitygnakfoatSiibicts indicate the probable loss of can be so reckless, so utterly unmindful of thef(mt,taHbe pemible loss of six members on the lessons of history, as to have any faith in any-Mr. E. Joy Hobbis, (lie ttiing, when the Union is quite certain to lieandIf he does the latter, we shall be warranted nary guarantees of ite safety.pail^'die B^nblicaos—VTtir^"***' in &e Seijond District, being INioptrBOOK<bedefeated. Theresultswhichreachus"knocked into fragments witliin ten days, or six cylinder head, as a common occurrence,"inby people affordingHOSHJBBGEO. C08WICK, Cohaatto (he moment of going to press may be modi-— securely the day before the floodto have his throateve of the bloody French Bevolution. In aapprehensions_ _ thsiaaaittBa.9f1upfied hf i«tar dispatches.thebaby disorders and imtoward misfortunes, theFtooi Ofaio tin reported gains would seem to in- timate &e electicm of Judge Bblnkebhot, (Bep.,) as OiMiMMi C!oint Judge, by a majority exceeding that -^tJHh l«at year made Hr. Dsmnsos Gover- nor. --'VlwicSection of Hon. JOBM Shebil/lx, in—iusual forerunners ofex- got over at last And when the Connaug-At hadPmiceaiid eaeditiM~kiB rela- to position in line, luving been coafnTBd man ttk command by Major-Oen. 8aii»t<mlb, Uie Cdiaaal eoah- will insist on having from him an explicit tions restored. There is no way of improving fidently expects that every member will aot aaly more desirable parade, but observe the most scnqaoloas eae as tonthB election of Gallowat, in the Jwelfth,had it,the iiiq>ection parade. LlaeCongressional District,for secession ? Aawell refuse to declare himself on thiscorrespondenthas thea foundation forand thetlie T^i^tpi cbaMover Cox, may be inferred from the early returns.—pated IB the Beputdican tendencies of its more see with perfect distinctness, but the chanceshowever, an Indecisive.Of the less important struggle in Iowa and Uin-nesotSr^we va aayet wi&oat advices.The""iRMOlDg calamity to the Lady Elgin on Lake Mirhigin, Ims not passed out of the public sindbefbrewearecalleduponto recordtheloss—ofaageaaa steamship, though providentially, Intisis instance we are spared the pain of noting theand elder sisters, and to have given the are quite the other way. Aquickest day'sbeing 3.31 miles, or lessis not at all like- GoverBorahip to Lake, (Bep.) The dispatches, ly that, if we are on the verge of ruin, stockwliich has at stake on munity, everything theftn^ overUlU--^ pa"i requiring soeasterlylakes,loss of a single life. TheCapt. VaaeB, of the Galway Line, whose arrivalfederacy inviolate.And they will all want to .l>e at the Board of ties of the route are concerned, ascertain the heldat at. Xabns, N. F., just one weekwe an- ;and it is the opinion of the Captain that she them on thisto com- land expedition. TheH. A. BOSTWICK, Adjutant.nounced om Thuisday, spnmg a leak on Saturdaydon't doEn-onthePrinceofWales. TheCliief Eagineerpnaidad.and on Baatiaf moniing, when 140 miles from Bos-ton, for which port she was bound, she was ioundto be on fire. The flames spread so rapidly that itwas found impossible to control them, and the pas-vious to the discovery of the leak.sengers—50 cabin and 417 steerage, besides a crewis the history of the Connaught.We do not propose, at present, toot 124—were driven on deck. Seven boats werewould turn and on out,was them. assignedmotion,theright of the finelaunched, one of which was stove, there being a—to have received "HisFinalant Trip Singular Reception In Philadel- ing on Tenth-avenue. The procession vrill march phia—He is BefasedAdmiaelen to His throu^Fourteenth-streettoFouith-avenne,toTwea-«ea running at the time. The other sii were filled with passengers. About noon ttie brigheavyJqrh Wilson, discovered the steamei^ signal of mstress, and immediately Imre di^wn, went alongside and commenced takingAll were finally saved, after/er, for his humane exertions in saving the pas-the "Powers," which he thinks the South shouldanyMtnmei&ii^eT, Capt.he has faith in invoke.protection of foreignty-third-street, to Madison-avehoe, to Tw«B^.dxtt^ street, to Fifth-avenue, (here passing In leVIew,) to Fourteenth-street, to Fourth-avenue, to llu»eiy;'to Chatham-square, around the Park,upBiuadwayto Union-square, and dismiss.sengers,have been foreseen from theWe that the Directors amongst themselves shall ;WMialHMiftediiniiiediatelyMtcf-tMTWi**], wp are unable to give her ad- Tiew fldunoRitag.good workmanship materials to save first cost.Mayor enthusiastic citizens.cheering and proceed to-morrow at 7 o'clock to Raath morningpnmie attentioB.ceased, the howling was hushed, the loudest of theall this The Mayor, the British Consul, Hr. Koktwuqht, and represent that all is quiet again la Norfolk and Fite- cess Anne counties.planttheyWehaveest and for the best interests of those who Mayor welcomed him in a few brief word.-;, and heldpolice surveillance that was instituted.A considerable number of arrests of negroes havebeen made.else. Apatrolforcehasgonelaroad,butnostopwasmade. The rocepbon of his Highness in Philadelphia was not matted bjr any demonstrations on the part of the"enormous, the recklessness of the Anglo-be nothing to concealcommercial or any other laws why evince^ExpiasioB ef a Prepeller.TWO HEN killid aito siviv woimnEo.Dnaon, Tuesday, Oct. >.people,andto have a Receiver of your own set appbintedhis arrivalable.discovered, finally—it, of the Lady Eight disaster thisuntilwas permitted to enter.he was shown by Mr. BACUfXYia to his room, wherebemg comparatively unknown Jud«e Phbjupoht has sent to Gov. Morgan histhedesperatesuspicious eagernesseither ;of the re^lg^n 1stparadetion. The sooner this lesson is inculcated, the save first exist, and has trusted to luck forproprietor,who, with a ler Momit Vemm, with a cargo of 20,0110 bushels of'•*f.!*^'f*?.fPoult au Pelee ingtheservantstoarrangethedisorderedfurniture, secondengineer.Taio.Raaai,andairefnamed^and was showing to the Times' correspondent the Jas. CoNuiH, and di{^y iqjniiag ai isteamship Connaugkl,Superior Court0^November. In his cimmatter, behind which you can cook up what- ever statement will appear most plausible, while best protecting your own persons and interests ?"barrels of her boiler nearAt a large Bepnblican mass meeting held atgenuine.We have no doubt there arc men atIndian went to pieces in the open sea, and thebut ofafaces, suchwmu delivered by Hon. Jamis of Huuphbxy,secession. And they have an ap- crumbled into fragments on our northernago,—had been on fire for s-ome time probably pre-of transcendentance. We hope he will find it convenient toprove correA,it will be timeenoughin the emergency excites a deal of the Bepublicans succeeded, the storm greatand ajie is running yet. The Tyne was bmlt" The reception at Philadelphia was a singular one. Why," they mayB(tarae the Pope to the possession of his dominions is ftaJr mijiHj, Hie HoUness will leave Rome, andoOeiFcnwr.The Prince ofWales reached FhHade^hia yes- teiday afternoon, afiar a pleasant trip from Balti- more, wliere he was entertained in an unostenta- tiousmannerbytheHayOrandprmninentcitizens. Crowds were assembled at Wilmington and other stations on the"four eagerness to avoid investigation. If your the reporters, were the sole occupants of the spaciousis now said that unless France re-the Dor- set coast, she ground upon the rocks forwell ask theDirectors,whyhtnaatt mujer the protection of somehad should be wantedand ateady on Discounts. Exchange 109 ^ '^"^ Meantima ^orwas in IniA demand at imiirovad nricea.Afair unless,indeed,tiieirptMieal accomplicescan It is the oldstory thruughuat, with the for-tempt now being made to dnw over,themys-tap* ^,2^, Prince' and siito WMeMifttrMtKabfMH.The cool weather favored transactions,the Prinee to inspect tfaatiaaOtaHoa.Be,bDwaTar,iithe two they may create a temporary panic inWall-street, and buy in, at a low figure, thesmith'sdiscussionsaboutcomparativesome new track across the Isthmus. The Disunionist, we' are not aware. We cannot, consent of capitalists has determined the im-Hr. CoKCOKAS. the Colonel ofthement intimatea to Gen. SAHsroas fliat Iw.ahafl aot orderoutMsRegimentforthereeepttonoftheTihaiiiOF THE day:I inPennsylTania, Ohio and Indiana, And decidedly the best place to see the ab- was but 155 miles. The Persia accidentallyleague, that he should remain in the Demo- must continue to place the feasibility of the authorises the General toriQBlWSjjpfuntofiiTorthehopesoftheBepublicans. InCd. Cubtix, the candidate of thatstocks, and doesp't care a straw whether theygo up or down, the scene is highly amusing. machinery being new," Ac, Ac, the speed action that, "when tKe properTehuantepec transit in extreme doubt. Thatthrough Honduras, Mr. E. G. proposed by]iiaiea yesterday, have excited this year attaotfen whkh they only awaken qaadrenni-which is as well, Herald. It is much fimnier if not better, than she has done since. StillMonday night. Yesterday's issue of that sheet has a very fineParty,cacy ofthe Breckinridge ticket in the South-onlytransits available for commercial purposes andmhinst. The Ibie wlU be foiSd In regimentalof tliis solemnThe Bears are amazed that Stoclcs shouldPanujrbaniapittl^ ft1|l^**^itbe i^ttjfH^ of the combined supporters of Bell,BUUMIitelXB and Sovqlab, falling very litt]^ikort.oC SSiPOO. Our letoms &om the Con- stand(ifyoutaketheirword for it,)howmen cordingto the English newspapersspecimengiblierish.us to watch his of interest.maintain their on the eve of a prices—" headsRepubli- can victory. They cannot in the least under-commonBearer,vrill to Cast. tatreport K«fa iatf. Theweeks at fiirthest. They can only explain it by calling to mind that the world^ slept verytlie progress ot engineering, indicatesofwe shall infer that he considers aWalked,the morbidTwiLTTHGlKIKAL OasKB, No. 14, Oct. (u—In Division and Brigade Orders, this legtmsinobody expectedc,uton thetral America must be greatly abated, and The honor of the receivingis an idiot or a cept the few who are short on Stoclcs !word, everyliodylunatic,sailed about as many miles as she had sailed rods on her first commercial journey, a verycommon occurrence took place, to wit "The very fact which these anxious prophetsaS the the piston worked through the cylinder head." Walked through wouldthan arecoveryprivilegesthe neatness andcasion, and denote every possible Maora tBOBBiat toof evil consider so extraordinary,convince them of the absurdity of their fore- telegramhistnietioD, pnviaa*It iselse is utterly blind tohismust have very greatCompail!««for a fall would be the sons sharp enough to discover it.tionoffreightimpossible. Mayit notthere- fore be a stroke of wisdom for this Govern-hour and The(he sa^ne place. R^^entwffl also as-only per- The, men who have something, would be /quitespeculatorssemble In fUIunUbnB,fi>r the aoiroal inaiaetteaaad parade, on Wednesday, Oci 17. Line wjil be foiBMdalive to thesuch a catastrophe, as the men wliohave sold what they haven't got.was any actual apprehension of such perils as these persons are interested in predicting, men would be anxious to convert their real estate into cash, at any sacrifice. The factSana. with the Band and Field Hustc, the Color Syrgeaatsas keenlychances owhile ittresses these parties who are so eager to buy,athan that now prosecuted at Chiriqui.THE PRINCE AT PHILiDELFHIl.Hotel until he Furnishes Credenriala.that theyit,naturally dis-pletethe survey bySouthernown carriage theon Thursday morning.ARRITAL OF THE HARRIET LANE.they have something to gain by it.The Rich-beginning.clude for themselves whether the loss of thelegitimate result of criminal in stockholders are to trust for justice and their Baltimore, wliich was on the She was formally turned over to the PtiaceJbrror waslaid aside until itSo it was when Banks was elected,trusted you ?thingsIHOI CftQ b? fftJltorecognizeBiia-If therepation in consequence of the departure of the Spanish fleet, to test the navigability of thejutant on the ground at 10 minutes before 1 o'clock.The Field and Staff (dismounted) vrill to the reportColonel at the s'ame time and place. R^imental Court of Appeals, to hear" and determine excuses afMt of OepeoflB11^ atieiigUi ; jtmt^mmfmWHt>»i^^ockrietbH,M ._S iHfOA tticijr Kin «wy^flilef^2^iii»iiM»t wm jtar.|hc,wlUwBt"bolkheada, ^ior Xbkj let te'aUjr misendUy is^tmeofe ofJndfe I«maaB, oflte* Um beit hrflutt be mov»> three actoal « fbr an f TawlwHmnof ttaae jiilaglula cawMehiiftaai^ ifM^ wlitA Shan threaten disaster and ratal to aiMMdhwr. Aadtbentte aUp We an tobelie«e ttat oC te eaitt, aa< oaihat^ af onfireaU procedilKfi- haMyofand that JulyConnaughtfairlycanvass were affordingthe House ofmuch the best chance.ourinterestsinCen-ble fbr parade, in full nolform, IdPrince of Wales on Tfaaiaday, Ociob«rte lUlt iaM.oughttosufficientfrank man he cannotwiU bethat whichroute headvanfagesJuan, and across the Band and Field Music, the Color SeneaatsNon-commissionedseeking to save it by defeating Liscol.vothers aim ab the same result by preventingthe election from |o&ig to the House of Re- ment to detach some one of the numerouspresentatives. But all are for the Union. squadron now in the Gulf, and without occu- and Non-commissioned Staff, wflll report to f& Ad-When last sef n ^il.^ was a mass of flames, and soon af- shine. There is only one man in the country ter, of course, she went to the bottom. Suchproves that their alleged panic is all moon- who seems very much alarmed about his realIk? perfectly explicit in regard to it.TheArtisans'BankAgain.The Directors of the Artisans' as- Bank,sisted, we may suppose, by those parties whoMessrs. Napieb, Scott and other everyagencyandappearwillingtomake Russell,honor of It was reported that several visiting companiesand that is Mr. UkacuenlargeLawken-ck, of and we do not hear that evenestate,Rhode Island,he proposes to sell it at a loss. Perhaps of Jarrow, were builders of cheap shipsfromBaltimore—AFleas-— mer occasions. soitwasaltertheJohnBrowninvasion,—so Withinafewyears,sincetherightsthreeof the affau- took to the woods more ftoat _again.increase of mayto usthis im-Nearly onit was in 1856, and so it will be regularly and shipbuilding in Great Britain—no offencesfrightanythinguniformly until the game ceases to be profit-—againstPrince was refused admittance, and it was notWhen conclusively,Saxon character,"' as the London Timesandchildren, to be afraid of bugaboos, the South insane, remorseless ^eed of counting-roomwin notThe to show themselves. The Royal Char- begunmessengers had made his identity clear that heit isthat the North is not made up ofputsJudgeship, tomnicatioDtotheGovernorhegiveshisreasons soonershallwebedeliveredfromthesepe- immunityfromcasualties. Theresultshaveflour, explodedmorning, Instaatly killing them which hefor thia atq> at length, makes use of'""'" "Hi^language in reference to the man- ner hi which aie City Government is carried on.riodical of the Disunion soundingsmaii1 otheaa.gong.Cliinese were formidable warriors so long aa ter went to pieces with a crash at the firstvessel sankThe and with ta eatgo ia artririlit itbMeUngnot lampoftIfeliyiiiwiViidiililiiiltyjtrnwl-|«WqptBH^ aMdcto any getvpaltfc; bntUteads «wi»tovB :6lUtie8 mtdaltlitttli^aMMandsolidinterestsoftheSonthen thia'ft**. Clinder,aawellashron, is incom- aa eaagMt pottianTaklJ^ral. 87f ^T wBt.: me,W|^lfic Statea.Mail,87. Moneywa»easieramongOe^kers, boatible,_ti(«ineBy. ma wmmftthe tabia and lllaabie Ms «.«.^?T•ni. AMt «« flia hatei to BritlAaBdAmerieaaealon.aFkMirwM plenty, heaiTT, and ina^ Wlwat be actiTe. Tlifiy'iaye but Uttte time left,— iron furnace fbll of cMibiistibres.and Oat 'tbef wDl resfet to the nt- termpst extent of theh- legal power the at-panic-mikeTs will do well toctaider-aiid-Ir6Mk)p but a mere cinder-and-acnteness,larataKpretaSad for Com, Ootten, Hay, ^iPat.and defeat an election by the [WmiUi and throw it tunate and rare exception «f a of whidt ia snapected to exist in iSvffstmea. WWak»,Tofcaeco.eWt,^»Rllow brig tery iniquitywere more active. IMala, Oils, Bice, OXM, Mo- into the EoDse. In that eveiit, Ikey will hare within hail, and a noble Captahi,«y whoee this case, the impenetrable TeU of seoreqrandTiiequltoes at RMaioiid. Be Mlu a anatthe New-Toik ball, aitf istaqiallaat for leace.«aai «baat Usaacw.were leasfredydealtin. Otiierbranchesoftradeex-lasses, and Proviaiana weie qniet Sngarsa magnfficent field for theirwill have all Winter to work in and fha '^•atwonderful coolness andall handinnarebecaM»« kindon th* bollocks are now sold on Tuesday, and Uiese usu- fiil officer of the nation, goaded to the veiy tims out «r Iheir hands. We do not know discoverythefirstdayofsales. ThelargertporUonof theelectingofanewandthrough Kic«n«na.penatt•^^^'»3<Jthemost important and power-and with the result made; one fact is euthe iirst-class beeves were sold, and unless a frMh depending on periiaps tvoo votes, will oBet the opened and took in so nnsah -water that shelantic terminus half lUky up the Mosquitoseen. When headsinferior to those of one week ago. The really good that crisis comes upon us, let capitalists and recklessness.and we only wish it could be visit-has neveri|^III., estimateddressedweigiit,andsodownto 8a for medium, and 6c®7c. for poor qualities. A few fresh lots are expected to-day, so that the totaldois a4,000the sea. ThlBhead were fat the yards, but they were quitecoimtryyetwhicjvcanthis,proofwillbut little from last week, and it isterrupted plain, to the extending quitevary probablePacific, and eminently fitted for the construction of aThe Steamship CoBBanght. that the will differ mato- English newspapers favored us' withquotations riallyfromthosenowgiven.that becheap railway, commences, the intermediate it is impolitic for the papers to aid the fferaU ia gir-'Wanted—A First-Bate PanicThe Brokers and Stock speculators are very line. She was guaranteed to sail 20 knots anbeing123miles. Ailfa-Hr.and Mis. Bsmnn such nnpleasaiit!ConditionsingThe Prince is fast asleep. To-momnr he wiU difvethey can wnile tions of |termined to make whatthe sun shines. Althongfa they do not lieiievea syllable of the rigmarole by which recklessdemagoguesareendeavoringtoalarmthepub- roomengineersdranktoherprosperityinher lic, for ttieir onra political purposes, yet they spacious and magnificent saloon, and jsur-haysafetythe day, this evening, at the Cooper Institute. climate is less torrid than that of Louisiana, byPatti. Amongst the many beaotifiil flpialhave faith enough in public credtiUty to be- veyed with delight the exquisite outlinesThe private courier of the Prince ofthestrength of iron and cinder-and-iron plateshaveConnaught got over at the ordinary gait, theitsorders, will hereafter be returned to invariablyrunthan 14 knots an hour, which is, on the whole,considerably less than 20.Having returned to Galway, the Connaughtset out on the 25th of September for the sec- ond and last time towards the New World. When within 150 miles of Boston, a leak was discovered in the engine-room, and the water gained on the sliip so rapidly that all hope ofMher was soon abandoned.The sliip was then discovered to be on fire,liio Grande;and as far as the marine facili-delinquentsfrom theparades of Oct. 4, 11 and 17, willsavingOfficers' Rooms, No. SM Broadway, on Thursday, Oct. 25. at Tk o'clock P. M.upon<StCo.,allegedi)oliticalloans"Departure —The line will form on Foorteenth-streert, right rest-the fac\ that Messrs. J. B. Palmer ;arethat from the defunct institution, are now usingoperafieia."fheyenergy,silence.A ITew Way to tke Paciflc.material to workquite angiy assembly of 280 politicians, charged ttAyood to absolve themselves from all blameProvidence snatched the vic- highest pitch of excitement li^ angry partisan what excuses aaAvKplaostions are yet to be—hobiUM to decline, as tlnie wUl notthe vesselsupply comes in during the night, butchere wiU most brilliant field for creating snch a panic began to founder. Any iron ship, with bulk- maps Bio Grande," but which ia delineatedthe that Rerereiofdays, yesterday,especially,nearlythewhoteof animosities, "jsimplyflietoa he diall be the goest (rf flie last aamed hoteLhave to select from "lean kine to-day. About as the" month.oft^crindfeal there as anything but a great river, a mere ntteraaoe toFaaasT'a.PrcM, gM^ the iiioat,ifUb«al win^aiaiili oa aa aittelaPalmxk, sionalparagraplis,wonderfiillysuggestivebut byMessrs.Samuelsok,ofHull. Ifanybodyiamysterioua enough in details, about a re- shipwrecked in them it will not be our fault.naaar WMAf^rer«Ueiatrae,theirbowlings,therefore,tothecroaldng ofhertriumphantsuccess. AVhyshouldthey jfortifythe Courrier.There is at this moment, it is needless to Hotel, but the rooms liave notofthestockswliichtheysoldata andthegrimdetailsofcheapmachinery?ptamli at U K. The Mall closes at the Post-offlao at poorest — was launched with her however, forget the part he has played hither- practicability of the old Nicaragua route, of Wales, and it is the intenUoB of of Oen. '8a»tcb>ion A.' )[. Price of the paper, in a stout wrapper, high one. They are speculating for a fall, So the ConnaughtWe cannot for- while all practical men shrink from undertak- to have Um arrested and conrt-maittaled fbr disobe-raadf lor mailing, S cents a copy. Agents will orders as early as possible.and are endeavoring to create the fall, with- engines and fittings on board, and the trial-to in political affairs.get his organization of the Southern ing works so stupendous as those of the Atratodience of orders. CoLCoBoou>,'itlS8aid,reUa( igr"out which most of them must bufst." To a •trip occurred. Mr. J. B. Palmes, of Jarrow,sacrifice to prevent a legal and overhaulingthorough examination of • the financial and whole history of the Connaught was that of other practices in which they have been en-;length and power and that the end might derstood to emanate from Chamberlain Platt, ;well known firms are accustomed tohigher prices and do better work ;charge that tlieoff thetiie most strenuous extertions, Capt. Leitch beingthe last to leave the burning wreck, which soonafter was enveloped in the flames. The greatest cause there is nothing to be frightened at. It a miserable failurecredit is due to Capt. Wilson, of the Minnie Shif- is the most natural thing in the world that could have promised such a speed with such object takes the shape of a proposition, un- commencfd the Prince's operations for the day. The cornpanles. Toe programme in full will be publisheapassengers.Special Dispatchto theICsw-TorkTimes. Philadhphia, Tuesday, Oct. 9.The simpletruthmen should threatenis, nobodyisfrightened be-disunion, forother in- stances of the strength of iron ships, on for-inservicegivenhis hand closely while he led hira to his carriage. A large crowd had gathered outside the gate, but so completely were they blinded that not until the Princewashalfwaytothehoteldidtheylearnofhis arrival. Having reached the .private door of the hotel thethey met no foes but such as were afiraid of touch of a rocky shore. A thorough investi- bayonets they stood a very poor chance. it to be of the most miserable description. aftertotal loss.Tezaa ladlaa PepreJI a rteaa.Niw-Obuum, Tuesday, Oct 9.BaB.~Wll. 8. LiBDBAT addressed theOeaonaeice^ Ik^nH^ at a meeting m Clinton Hall noise. Against English tympanums and gation of the character of her material showed of the Artisans' Bank for further confidence, a good joke all around.Chamber of Aater-piace. He explained at length the object ofthe disclosuresalready made, theTheapartmentsare convenient, arc richly andhia niaaiOB to thia country, and denied that he peared here in any official capacity. To-day, atAdvfees from Texaa State that the Indianap-neoa, he holds a conference with the members of ply that none of the threats of Disunion are when thrown upon the gromd. Then the metallic reserve"depia- and that Gea. Haoaiaa lias ordeied a company of sixty mounted tiflenMB t»the frontier.^^^^"^ RaHiaad lajaitctlen Graated.AuABT, Tuesday, OeL ; - Judge PaCKBAX has continued thethe Chamber, m. their nsnal place of meeting. ^We do notmean,inthese reinarlcs,weightremarked this evening, are more like his home than anything he has seen yet. The Prince delights in a morning bath a which he has not at all times lately been able admiration which is allied to wonder. to enjoy,—but here at the Continental lie has attacliedforBiacidyn, and C. D. HlLLSS, Esq. Campaign pearance of The nature and of iron before the unhappy stock victims resign them- to his suite of rooms a complete and beautifully-fbr-aoBgaweresung,andtherewasgreatenthusiasm. The Proleatant Bpiseopal Evangelical Kiiowledgeveryconsiderablestrength,just shores.removaloftheraUsfifOBiBefore dinner he walked out with Consoi Koai- of the Northern or Albany, Tenaont aal CanadaSoefatT,helditatmrteenthamiiveTsairhithisCityit couldhardlyimperti-which the where he was astonished at the ^pearaace of then*Mwnal report allowed a proaperona condition «fdia Sodetjr at respect to finances ami usefiil- nMi- lllkP6*M*<^°nn8^e year were $SS,O0O, IteinBa^aM^^ o**' previous years. I^raetari-the moment the class of interestsSpeed of dw Wiaaaa Btaaaaat. -^N«B»««,The fast Bay Line stnaar AiMit ipi faltr-to be on the^t dabMK^'jHf Aia in a great measure tofatdate, little thinlting that tlie lialr of Bn^and's tliroue'.spiracySurely,capacitytoallowtheshadowofan selveatoaperpetuationofsuchamanage-now,becauseitJmownfortheseawfulcalamities ^thereisno ment,bathing-room.preventtheSouththattheiris the interest of the whole is too threatsshouldcarryasmuch excuse—decrease, adM lafcata'^^Bw-Bociety The annual ser-, any sort at fte South, wilip>e quite as anxious dropE into pieces in a sea-way, or when a mor aiound the City hath it, that one-half the wasciieeringtlieir candi-taken. Then the men who haveman befereihe Soeiaty^ was dehverod by Bev. Dr. 'for its safety as Mr. Beach Lawbkwce is aboutuiiHK-WVft|jpMlwedofwhen aconstructed vesselmade its lamented escape t Ru- sum in question eacaped through a single fia-Butlbk, ^- on^atiMlflV^-his. TheBearswho havegreiA everything capacitysure while the balance found its ;Sairgimlet-holes, surmooBted by the Piiaca of Wales' cap and feather, Chablbb 8. JoMls,«aadldM» f>r Meyer, en fteInthe 8M*iA°^JobsE.Bx- Coait'i^'CiB|(4ship,opensbottomofthetinklinga3well as theGet t. PcniocrAtto aaa-to andKiQHT and hia Mikaapar, Mwhaib. Btah, whose gain, nothingSavAWMl^fla.,i^eaday. elected over theMOQUAbKur, was coBtJawd,.butthomass Worse;of On theee pointsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069thopublic,"Walfli,"* Welcome to"and Vioioai* iase.WMUntitled Documentticket,iito lose, scqtiittedonthe Benridonowtocrosteapanicthanfive smallpoUticalin theby anything that engine room. But the Connaught had five through no lesspropertytery,similariyjust purposes," pumpingwellbe consideredjtmetiiT, Bishop Hsade, of Vbgi^ presidbig. terror as possible to the Northern mind. But accident, or unforeseen defect, or mysterious nent for them to ask a description of the par- waisBT, going through upper part the town,ticular leakwill, come into active play, mered on ttie rocks for years without even sum of $50,000,through described'Information Wanted.It is announced that Mr. Wm, L. Yanckt isofOmAHImmfBiodr tkeConnmightwasnoteven atockbotdeneatertUafidsdeatreInitsftaBeJit-And we think thatWe do not know that the annoimcement is authentic, but we have been assured that it is.the region being singnlariy healthfriT ; while the timber necessary to engineering labors, is convenientandabundant Itmaybe advisa-Itegia from the of Mr. conservatoryihrnas. HOWARD.we have no means ofWain tea been in town for a couple of days past '"«"Hf ar- rangements for liis accommodation atlhe nSh^naHMsoWhether he intends tospeculators for a fall in stocks, and to en-nor his advice to a col- and Chiriqui. The unsettled state of Mexico his defence In the fiiet that there have already been disinterested spectator who doesn't own the buUder, had indeed promised 22 miles an League, twelve parades tills year, which isallthat the law" hour, and guaranteed 20, but owing to herorder,ormade 16i on her trial trip,aUy, fttMt fbtb braring open the ensuing Presi- than the Wide-Awake torclilight procession, the public was hopeful, and the Connaught tion of the Democratic and the advo- Panama route is the one of the known in fiill uniform.twlth knapttcks, on Thnrsm.th*wdmtid cmteit. The result in all these States or its Democratic imitation ofGnnuL No. 10.—Oet C—Ou>n, PmsaaBt l» 01-surd and grotesque features of it, columns of theisin the.was put into service, vyith the followidg re-On Tuesday, the 26th of June, last,ai-avaBTBsultswhen she had proceeded, as the official tele-CFreat Jones-street, right on Broadway, at M oidack 'A. U., promptly. The non-commiaswned staf aik-cheap— started herPre«identialBepresentatives as long prejudicialAmerican so influence,:em States. And all these recollections lead travel but there is much reason to fear that cers will '"dock," she knocked out one of her cylinderproceedingsgoodac- and as the Parana was " all ready to sail," the mails were transferred to her, and started next day for Ameriea. Knocking out aaveryoccurrence," —passengersin inferring that he regards the election of It is to be wished, therefore, that ters, in full imiform, vrith Oe clisiiiiaii, (moioile^ akopportunity present for theurges defeating Linooln,unquestionableamm.work or poormateriai. Bnton the 11th fusion,purposegigantic success,on which his friends here theof renewed and:the drill- room for and disciplinecratic ranks for the purpose of so shaking itsMiUtla to attend.opportunity should arise, they might/wecipj«o<e the CottonThe following orders have been ilsuedlijrt mandeis of tlie Eleventh and Twelfth Segimants.jdnringstayMunster,pay fir it.of thethe faith of vouched forcoast, at tlie a rtoam named on themt will panda the part he has recently taken in tlie disrup- the presence of these discouraging facts, the vision and Brigade orders, tlds l egluiinThere is onepointaggression, would constitute apossibilityfriendlyhere, or regular BreckinridgeAppeal,fusionanswer. Does he believe that the election Lincoln, in advance of any act of injustice orthis amended state ofa.— importance. He will speak here to a larg^ 66iiiifteMlal cv,T,-.ofpreeiiely, (Commandants not& aal Staff, vriU report to tl£ Adintaat on the ground at IS minutes balan U a^daAT^PMl preservation of the Union. Many of them are many changes, and rendering ih€ transporta- and Staff (dismounted) will report to tbe "aknsi at— ;And all will insist, after the election is over,and whatever may be the result, upon npliold- ing the Constitution and maintaining the Con-that no reliable builder gaged. Their present scheme to effect thisThe line will form at 6^ o'clock. Sixteen bands A subatanTial breakfast at 9 o'clock this A. M. have been engaged by the Committee, and ten l>yeven after his crew had expressed theirunwillingness to return to the burning wreck.The fire is supposed to have been smouldering for mond Enquirer said some weeks since that simply wish to invite the public attention to a raise enough money to pay off all depositors around the city particularly showing them the manya long time before its discovery. Interesting partic- ulars in reference to the lost and the rescuing ves- aelf are given elsewhere.The ateamsUp North Briton, with one day's later news froaa Europe, arrived off Father Point laatttj^ bqt aa tbn telegraph communicationfew (acts about iron ships that they may con-after which, by an application to the .Supreme Court, the affairs of the Bank are to be with-Lane, Ciqit. Joeh Fauhci,at her anchorageif they could only make the North believe theyintended disunion, they could defeat the Re-publicans ; and that is really what they are Corinaiisht was a simple accident, or the drawn from Judge Leonaru's scrutiny and the I'rince drove to the dt'put, where he bade farewell to she has been in the service of the Prtuce of Walae.trying to do. It does not speak very after the announce- highly for our common\gense that theynegligence,and respective dividends to the conscience and heroccasion byalarmists took their places, with quietresigna-tion, on the Committees to whichbeen appointed, and the whole enginery of ter- to-day.clieatin": the vessel ofrepre.=:entedand several thousands of"his special use by the President in petsgn, aa&willof thenmnber of our people. When the House of The steamship Great Briiam was built of It would not be a new remark to say that A new rieeping-car had been metamorphosed into point at 10 o'clock. After the gmA ball he wiSshould succeed with any considerablecommercial honestypresent Direction.^lh4rCt^4fJiS(i8ior«,whicharrivedat thisport yeaiariay, we ebtain a few items of additionalEoic^eaa new*. Oil the >6th nit., two of the An- can Speaker last Winter, we heard the same dmm Bay, she hammered there all Winter,cona forta feU- t>efore &e assaults of the Sardinian threats, just as loud, just as general, and just and was neither knocked to pieces, nor so sans" Bank accept these terms, this trite from which they did not stir except while crossing the Beraag]3eri, and part of the suboriM of the town as alarming as they are now. The moment much injured that repairs were excessivs— and faded proverb will receive new illus- river.were occiipied. The course tiial the Pope willBepresentativeswas and when run upon the bottom of Dun- trying to elect a Republi- iron,if atration andof the stockholders in thelustre.for lunched in the Arti- departed Pliiladelphia. Theyandyears and then was got off, and ^s, we believe, managementofiron,having goneashoreuponmajoritycar, Tlw Reperted Negr* Kialas iaPrlMaaa Ame aad NaiftIkOmade%Ta.Bauoiobs, Tneaday, Oct ti The accounts received here to.day from NoitoOcThe Norfolk Berald says that sufficient testimonyof the Banlc has been hon- depot, and the reception was entirely personal. The has been elicited sUice to the strict Friday fully justifyWhysacrifice our prospective and diminish such small dividends asin the future behas been so mediate pajTncnt of tlie depositors ? If therespeakingthem on the eve of every elec- engineers, has too often risked everytliing to of, failing this, to draw a curtain over the whole he surprised Mr. Stbvihb, thethe stairsAfter iron ships have ham-and a very different course of acUon vrill be hogging, it is perfiectly idle to affect any mys- House Committee as devoted to "poUtical wagon, were shouting andthing ia over, a very differentfracture about it.missing residences. Returning, he metClearing- Curtln men, who, ifoUovring a traaaparency-laden-chasm, larger than all thequietlytakingnotesInstallverymidst. Twocaqipaeltiona,eoa[^tWDg the one agrouphig ofthe Bojral Ihmilr piotected by four English Hags,waytrial, for thelaieeoTWel^tf-iTtfeenta from Johh may happen, will try as hard as the Stock water-tight compartnienta. So much the on the evening of Mr. Platt's confirmation. and'-besHng the hiscriptions, " Welcome Prince of CiUtena'in thethese, howeverfliiney, wore'or leaksaccruingbyconveniences of the adjoining bath-room. Surprise Certainly, in appealing to the stockholders soon gave way to amusement, and it was consideredimmediately, ."to im- Some of it would break by its own Directors will be called upon to exliibit a tastefully furnished, and as the Princemetal in theirStnyvesant uistitatelast evening, stirring addresses the South who have on foot a regular con- Hungarian, another cinder and iron hull, as may well challenge that particular kind of luxury— compositedations in that Stateconthiue,not of gold in their pockets,•bytheaalmBMBie crowd ofTuetd^ritMklb"rath upthe shallow Sanade Court Martial.) Drum-Major Sans, withknow whether Mr. Yancet is for or against accuracy of this reporter ? Should so much By order of Col. D. BUTTERFIELD,pointimport-The Committee of the Board of Foremen and gineers of the Fire Department met at the Chieft enterprize certainly offers brighter promise office last evening, to make final arrangements for tlieBaltimorePrince, the Duke of Newcastle and Lord liTONS, allHayor /oftookin his—beautiful luonumrnts antl the new park. After a socialRevenue Cutter Harrietiarrivedoff the Battery, yesterday morning at 10 o'clock, hav-call upon the laJies of Ihe Mayor's household, theing been but 43 hours from Wastilngton, D. C, whereAmboy to receive the Prince, who will arrive at^ttM the race of fools never dies ;" but certainly an elegant drawing-room, and in it the Royal Party visit West Point and probably Kingston, la tha aUp.nlshcdtaauiy road,fromAlbanytoEagleBridge,Sen*d>«;<i||b,j,v.>transitpracticable At- The courier has arranged «!& Mi flrtfapi,!^proprietm' of the Continental,' lbs rifBiaiaaai. aMithe Mn^e )a Bas- The fpen, beaded by antraceriver is described assteamer through Innad, deep and un- Mr. and Mrs. Bannn.ed upon the heads ofgineers who deserve the severestThere are now three other new and magni- failing waters to a point eighty miles parties, unless it maj be UiuUib have gtraa aajr iWh*en- punisliment.inyited tot^ counting-roomEarly in the Spring of the present year, the ficent Galway ships afloat, the Leinster, by distant from its mouth, where an unin- invitatlmi, and that if McBaalMi Apoldoeeivra!peoplettwopaiaite TkqraqKtkataaireport to tlw Adjutant on tlKdeal the New-Granadian authorities will decline to ground. Company E, Capi Fuaa BAat,wfil i*-with aWe are a little curious to know whether the hands of native managers, there is littlehe will advocatefriendstovotethehis hope of its a traffic, the value and urge retainingordered to take t plaeeticket. volumeofwhichsomanym date, on the 18th Inst., at 7K o'ctoek P. U. Tte Arid and staff officers vrin assemble at 0ie C<daB^ aaas>-;LiscoLN the as a favorable the truth of the present discovery were 9}4 o'clock, A. U. By oidsr oCfor his " revolution." If heas its timelines^. Withasthe destruction ofof toA.RATMOND, A4ja»MM.;passintotothe baud, and Drum Hqor, aad Sergeant Cokir>requireheld to hear eicnses at deUanaeni awailwta tMaofcause through Nicaragua. If the Courrier'sappearance of his BBJfoiBt «a flia o»thingsof transitRunning quickly upcom and MOpicture ofthe Royal family under his arm, was direct- thisthe ofsaysgave«1Mon at 1 P. H. Dmm-Mai. Hamilton-square,torchlight processionSaturday ni^t,inThe United States Steamall the heaitognegroeson two orplantaticasthan search of them.el The Western Transportotion Company's prop-tobeaten, yestordavf in a ttiat efagaed iJUiaB steamer. ThelattCTiaabyand amiM^ttiawith the greatest ease. ^BerpetftnaaaBaa all wltnivaetu«u«^-.--to the various and numerous places of wit- Interett,themescort tothepaisde-gtonad. TheHaderofCourt ofextraordi- inst.,isliercsyconntennanded,andtheComt'Wfllliato this andformed on Washington Parade Gioond at |1 0'dlAontW ground, with their conunands at the hour named ia]\'m Mim-i*''^--i gixdorsPliUaJa^ihia,"www.fultonhistory.com 