 ••J*I1•qa-Vosd Ofeowmeheweuld be free,lent at "«u-»—,«Uity lieaught etwr. TaaQakaUsat eutaiue of Wssssagtea they bad wayla regarJ to taa tastier of ac.iistas have offered tbeirUf tbe I oka amid taa* be w*uldlr Thompson atJaaatiaai. taaFrtoteerpted co private to i Itol HSBS, asd Ilia dd**rsBhBBltJ tet- ters to the aaaaa rate in N o * York city. Oat of Maw Tort, oc his joarsty waat, the Prise* will travel mcuy- •*%>. Wliile is Mess Teas, ha will wmissjiy receive amy neb oeeMMiauaUBB aa. flat mmaw may wish tooutrtaiameats oflhrod by tbai J t t c t to such amesdmeate , a t tiaaa and eircnmfairy invited to attend the foseral, that (Friday) BOSS, st two o'clock, from the retttsss* of bar » ~K»•endfl street.8anfraaciaro,Cal.,andCumbertand,Ma.,OaaoaM^AA«NA«vWM«MaAsToinaaixa 8occs>B OP m sww MOTML, Bl-TLMBOHThe mihhafeen lueaeetfuUy odvtoe tbetr frtaaas la taerPreaoott im- to lay them before thein cleaning out a sink at the above number, when who was oa* of the party, descended with a aadle asd a shovel fly the purpose of cleaning outJftawfin —John Oliver now went to the hat, but, b y apMBtftd play oa the part of Whiting and Russell, be was canght out. Joe Oliver was pat out by Leggett on a tip. Matty O'Brien then look the bat with a determination to1\flirty u * tk take if Arwnstk TV rrtact to Piyty where be ess SiMrto regard la theTorfc.oSer-nghtolteyal orcasmaaasatoaInregard to taw potttthe otwarraneeefHiaiiiy, l a * added thai ffto tlu* r*to, ik ajaald b* atNEW YOBS. HERALD, FBFDAY, AJJOUSf 24, IBM.f* in•sI IMexico weald aaaaasaa more serious anxiety If it were thoiigfat probable thai she will not be folly occupied at boose ia the prisent oomplieated condition of Europeau sBhhmabout forty nine years of age.Tha Bam aroma o s Wsoassruv NKJHT —We were visit el by a very heavy ram storm oa Wedaesday Bight which for severity and copiousness surpassed anything within our recollection. It commenced about elevenon a fly by Whiting Price then followed at the bat, but caught out by Reynolds on a-fly. MrMshon >i the time being pot out while trying to reach his third Number of ruse, S The excitement Increasing,noisyExceUun.—The excitement now waxed warm. The members of the Atlanta) Club tried to suppress tbe aoise, but m vain Holder took the lead at the bat, bat was cantht out by good play on tbe part of Smith and Price. Leggett then went to toe bat, tad by a "muffin" on the part uf onefc f the fielders got to his first base ia safety. Now Creightoa took lis bst, sad by a good stroke got sway to his first base. Leggett though fluted to reach bis second base in time, ant was caught out by Joe Oliver. Next ame Raaseil. who, by a good stroke let Creiabton get to hat third base, aad got to the first base himself At this stage of the game tbe crowd found fouit with the umpire fur deciding Russell not out, and loud cries el "tool" were ratoed. The Excehuors, s s m s y be aetaraliy snppceajd, felt annoyed at such con- duct Their captain (Leggett) was very benignant, aad 'ieclarmg tbat h.i would not suffer the umpire or his men to be insulted asg longer, he ordered the "nine" to leave the rte.d. nnsja.ilIandCreightoa, whowere o a t - one an the first and the other on the third base— promptly obeyed thecommand of then' superior otticer. Ijaaa instant t h e EToasjt w a s t h e ftoeae of wild commo- tion a s d axcltt nwnt Tbe Atlantics, when they found tbat the Excelsior wet* determined aot to finish theTaylor Boot, Taesue BBWIBT, !*•.;,, late of Dublin, Ireland, toMtosEixaC. Coaws BASSISS. youagest daughter of Uui L Baaktes, Esq., of Williamsburg, L.LWsuxt—Btrxrcurc —On Wednesday, August U , at the sweats*** of the bride's father, by the Rrv. W. G.fog, raaasxm O. WELCH, Esq., of Albany. Georgia, to Pmam BaTamsa, daashter of Edewjard Hunting, Esq., of Pine Ptatos, Dutchess counttyy."N.TBthagm,LOCKS —At Quarantine, Staten Island, on Wievening, August 32, at nose o'clock, Mrs RlCUASD LOCKSwassafely delivered ofWhen first the moon displayed, her curious stock, She chose as consul Richard Adams Locke,The eooaul's generation, satHas now concluded to show Up toe asm (son).oa mm toil played so many jokes, ted thtaS-hall be no boax.The relatives and friends sre invited to attend the fune- ral, from the residence ef her parents. No. 12 Lsroy place, Bteecker street, thai .(Friday) afternoon, at tsru o'clock. The remains will be taken to Greenwood.TUTmn tVwnn lax. rOUrVt Uf WAixa.may call far.the Pnaae will pthaaLj °* *""* • ^ ^«uatOctober, tbaDeketeak•raaaiaatoaaptaBagate •w again bat UtaaBB tor Mayor Wsod'a rrMliss* aad at-oertatalybeea mast sue awful, and aaaat sMy conducted. Lord Lyes* baa been wry marb to taws* af taa aaaagd laaa of Uaa lavitataen. bat bis puMtHB hare, aad Mmambiguous diplomatic • a w in whs* aa hassipismsrl hfoaaaaaaa, baacaaaad id tariueace to aaa-mnt to alatoat noUing, aad baa toft ta acceptance af the horpfteiiiie* ia tha =plrtt which tbey iM-rt.-.ta the food fltoiiag «f tha Priaae aad theDtke•AUeruaa—Jonn Oliver ted off, aad by bad pity entbe trt or Waiting and Reynolds gat to his first bats. at the Camden and Amboy Railroad has terrific explosion took place, tearing up the entireHoor of Hamilton followed, and by sending a good ballT HTJWrg, m BBOADWA1ta Tortt bootATBasts, readysmoteerteeswar,Lanwarueai!ykilled, ftMftmradhecannotsorrieahis varied aafarastoorderher to proceedtoVeraCruztobuthetoowascaughtoutonajflybyHolder. AtiaaticafromDworderaoftheIflUjonea. .***" Iba Pncce with his auiu left, the Partkoaent Boose inever, whs* he became seflheatad from the effects ef Usepoisonous atmaepbere, and ft 11 down insensible. Scholl to be boisterous. No runeOrgasa. bealtheHOLLOWAT'B rills»irr fWFT FTTT TT TT TT TT TT TT2?ajrr-jkgea at Uiifpaat ten. He was attended on by the Omnptaia Market Wharf Corporatant, BMaabers ofthe rweraneoi, natloaal aecaetias, and a guard of honor. a* whi.",^: in the steamer Kingstoa, which bad been r-c*;.' dttedap. Ikesteamxleaattwoo'clockunder a ttlut" fy-'Trn a s u a of ear and the citadel. The yard< wnv BMiun«»1 by the crew, aad the abldiera and crowd cMmd . :\. j . the riaaiilwa » to stop at the Irttle town af T.u-^- Rivers to receire an adlfeas. The we«taertteaut.:....i.;j :-';a^klia and niece arrived en the anaaj tram. Mas>ixau,|>aagBat 23. l;MO.leHftfal sadatalldrug- FTTt TT TT TT TTYTT TTTTTTbe N^w York Inrttatian Ooran»;Uea arrived at Mentrmi st eleven o'clock, aad was met at:the landing by tben»i or. tue Aaaericaa Oontui OeneraX and nuoy leedis^CULIOM. Tbe Mayer wehaaaaad tha CbsaaaUtee m a aitert,i Mir •percb Ceaeraoi Fiab nude a aapey reply, wtticb« a receired wtth great applause. The Committee were capital in the City of Mexico. cra-iuctet: to thaar aaawhara at St Lawrence Hali.aaddemonstration on the part of tbe Atlantic crowd.-.toa returned to Qnobec in half an botir, bav-ratmesThe Presidential election tn New Granada takes place iam--rwt<: with a salute from the Rnynf Artffiery aad the Opma s party, and bia father in law fKoeqnera) ofthi* city and suburbs from the effects of the storm mast have beea pietty large.NOVEL Scxaa—LAJDT Goorva i* Naw Yon* —Abouteieven o'clock yesterday the tahabuaats of Sixteenthstreet were thrown into a state of excitement, and en-livened by tbe appearance of a young woman (supposedto be from tbe grwuejt of isles) in a state of nudity, ftBpan* of bouor of the akejtraal light lafttatry.TV ?rn:.- rav met at the iaadteg by the Mayor, tha Corporation, clergy, public '-mcers sad private citizens.opaoaitkau Herraafs friends here count open his sau- ces* Bis coudart daring his long residence in this country as Mic sler has made him quite popumr withIHeag. Vernon,The iaat.^jf was decorated will everfreeea, ire. The ctr gc -.'ernment.Mayor pr^uted the adwreas, to which the Prince made a autt.ik- reply.Three bearty theeaa were then given lav the Prince. aim lie withdrew to tbe steamer, and the crowd, wbich esh very aunerons, aujeOy(.* tb>- iir ralaf she dusastatlen Haas. New Tork to-TSB sxarrcnranxTx Batrsioams.The iiNtsios nbaiisfssi of the Breckinridge party is.s9rmative satwer., oca. jsBiaa cawpucanoeta.PaleiaOOOeaaesof 8HMBBT W W t and h i x w c of rary superior qaaUy fortOCO eases ef MADEIRA Thw wine was Unposted direct from2^00 eases ef SCOTCH WHTSEJFT. The best r-^2 COeases of oid*t.CBOIX BBM. borne very old and fineThe recent heavy rain to carry away the I Treatoa andday, and no trains hadA new read has been built tocarrythetrains.K-IOP. M.thehi threeCity Intelltwenre. GAS Exrusxo* is lUsr Twaarrdflaaftci—Pierce led off at toe hat, aad by a good got to his firm base. Smith foliowed, but was eaaght out before he reached his first base. McMsbun theatook:toeba•.,bugmetwith ao bettersuccess than hia predecessor, being caught Oat ta beautiiul style by Flamy. Peter 0 Brie* ttteo followed, and by a good grounder got to his last base, Pierce to the meanwaiie setting borne by a satos on toe part of Leggett. PriceThes a to'clockeveningtrainwi i thefirsttorPalest tafes.2fcl awesMwaatithroush. Stepben A- Douglas was as board one of the extended into a small closet on tbesame floor, had beenMew fork.wih he passed on the canal on Satsrday aad loaded boatsoaMondayorTuesday.IIIII •• — a ^ — • ^ ^ W ^ M I I —A way.comerofDuaae.Kaaroa, Pa., Aaguat 33, U60. were esse badly injured—all being thrown from the table aad terribly burnt about tbe face aad heads. The youngest There was ao tessage by rain ta the canals at thai Ofthe bovs, Juob, wasso severely injured that but tittle neighborhood. But little rain fiML. There are three bopes are entertained tor his recovery. Every board onBatehelor's Wisre. perfect fit, a obreaksiatheDelawaredivisionof the canalbelowNewtheseoendstorywastorn up,so thatplank- hadtobe laid to walk upon. A little boy, who was ia tha yard at the time, was badly injured by being burled againit the fence It is thought tbat the pas fitters when qaittng work forgot to cap tbe pipe ia the closet, and the gas escaping, circulated through the upper story thereby caasise the explosion. Br. Foch was badly, burst about tbe heed and face, as well aa bis wife, ohii- drea aad his brother-in-law, Adam Fuch. His watch wasNumber of rune, 2. ^ THIRD IKKINOfi.£sxti.sturs.—The crowd now began to be very excited. Poibemes lead off at She bat, and by a good grounder get away to the drat boa*. Thea Hrainerd eeut a flyer to the centre field, got to bis flirt base, aad allowed Poihemus to get, borne. Reynolds was caught out to fine stylo on a bound, by the pitcher, who pejraad the ball to the second and put out Braiaerd also. Haider w i s caught outa fly by the short stop N Attossttcf —r^nith ted off,poor play en the part efbase. MeMahou seuts ballfl.(iag into tbe left field, but ttwascaughtinbeautifulstylebyFlauly. Smithgot home PeteO'Brienwas ;htoutonafoulballby Creighten, and Price was served in a similar manner in a few minutes alterwards, Number or runs, 1.FOCBTH DJUOKOS.•Eceelnort —I-cggett commenced opeTattonsjbut was un-fortunate enough to be caught out on fly bv the pitcher. Oeiahtoa,by a good alt to tbaieeatre field, get to as* first base. Russell followed at the bat, and atthough be played very carefully, he was eaaght oat by the right fielder, Creighton, at the mm* time, getting to hit third base. Flaniy.by a aeat bit,got to his first base, and allowed Creightoa to come home Wbiteng then task the bat, bat was caught out by Oliver in soteadid style. FlaulyH e i r acaa. Tae bast ta mespa sBSBtoBSapplied, « aatarBop*.Two weeks' time will be required Is t a p t s t r e o fNew CbjuuiH, August S ,The schooner Daw Prop, from Bastes, bat arrired atof runt, 1.by a good grounder a n d got away m his secondHill, Inimitable HAir Couter—Hair Dyela cx:.- i'-„ nee of aha Pnaccaot addrefftreg thaCatholic this port. She wag at the bar during tha capture of blown out of bat pocket aad could nowhere be found.bishops as " Gentliaiaa" or " My Iatsa,*" at the College yette'da . they declined the mvita-tea ta theatf, sad returned to take any farther part ia (he»! tbe Prince, t h e reply to their tolilFSS* wfore, withdraw*, by the Pria--e, aad toother reply will be mttattuted.Tt•l*racestayedaboutan boar atthecitadelyester- wy bat d;d aot pardon say af toe nwBtery, as was ex acted S-eae af the prisoners ia tha oity jail sad* appli- otiou for pardon, hat She Prtsee said; hefat with the admaatotraUon af } aead them to aha aaai ay af thea addition to the Oct of persons rspoilod as baring ban injured by the Berlin*; jf the atan* ereetad in vtew o: Ute &r works, it baa been ascertained that a Mr. Jack-The firemen. hearing of the explosion, ware speedily on the ground, sad soon exliaguashed the flames, whioh had set are to the beams. The dasaage to the building will amount to about $1,500, folly btaured ia the Bowery sad New York tnanraace companies The noise, It ia sail, coukt have beea heard for over a mile. £ verything was dosetoaidthesuflerers,saditto.thoughttbat theirIn- juries will prove light. Capt. Speight aad Sergeant Breaks,oftheTwentyfirstwardpolice, werepresent.MXXASCBOLT BBATR OF Two ScAVKfosRS.—A meiaacholy sccident eccnrred at 436 Pearl street yesterday morning, an the receipt of by whi<sh two men, aimed Conrad Dtssser and Geo. Seholl,'aDiarrhea R* leranaorbteJdjaentery,colic,Ac Broadway,earnerafOa-Trunlio. Twelve Spaniards were Maes' aad eighteen wounded. Three Aasericena ware also aUghtiy injured.nalaad Barclay streets.In<Ipient <oB»umptloxt CuredS « meat fevere cough cured by I r Totuaa PWaikerwas still ia nosssssiaa aad issued aForeign afiaars are great aaxiety ia thai the " r TM " ilissaluliiitook them toThe course of Uie steam frigate ansqoehanna was alsolookafter Anterteaa laterests h i Mexico, a n d , if • remain there till relieved by the• ordered fa ho at once fitted for estfeeling sore, and a disposition oa the pert of their friends FIFTH IHXIMOS.shebaabet just rstursadfromthreeyears'duty onaa India station.amsatossswmiBwamiisiislsillnsaMakta.Minister MeLane Is here ia oonference with the State He is desired to return to Mexico, and wUl if the government will clothe him with suchT. J rMPBOTBD yRBBi H TOKM SBrBTS.hLThe threatening sitttade sasumed by Spain towardsof age. Scholl was also a astir* of Germany, and WSJ to toe first base bimeetT Peter OErien was oaught out Church of tbe Holy Tristty, Brooklyn, by ta* atov. N. w.Pateated sfoves-bor 1, UBS.A HEW STYX* OF SHIBT, WASSAJITHD TO FITSentbymrprrmtnairypartoffoeTJaUedStetesuponreeetM, tZ7tt?&&mAVSF£-£L? ^ttZJSer for lees than half a dosen ehi te i*iNook—The dWanee round h potato of each _wce**BT.of tae beak to theamuud the body,Aiao. the lengtli of the abut. By aeuding the above ess—fit of our new aytoof toeLHPROVT.D FBEHCH TOKM SHLRT.Aiao. uaporvra and deaiera mMEN'S FUaUfTSHnra sssssBjkBALLOTJBMO No. 403Broadway.Whotasaie trade stppUed on tae eaual tome -•••if»BCBDfiKLL'S AKMTOSE LINLMENT- • NATTTBVg TB- gf table anUdote to Rhenraatism and aiifoedseddsss**** 34 Beekman Meet. Prase 'it ceato. tBAITET, WXNB, ICHHAPTB, BTJM A M D WM1BXME.U. 00 esata of BRAHDY. various aO.iXfc eases of 8CHEIDAM SCHMHe baa declared farAugust», 1560.lifeT*Bfpi«j Basasagaes a s to causekafirti .te**>yPrivate advices represent that the chares party is en- o'clock, and mined quite moderately uatil half past onet h e Excelsiors feeling a little armed a t t h e SIXTH OTSTSBB—THX BOW.fbrcmg another loan of three per cent upon ail foreigno'clock en Thursday morning; at that hour the storst la- creased, aad the watery elements fell m torrents ontii ball! past tour o'clock, giving our streets tbe sppearaaee of email rivers, overflowing cellars in the lower p irtions of our c t y , and in the up town districts washing away embankments, undermining foundations oi new houses, •ad converting sunken lots into artificial ponds, where ragged urchins amused themselves hugely yesterday by sailing beau aad canoes, meiamorpaosed out of cartIa ease of Spanish iu'erveation ia that country, it is stated that the defence ef Cuba will be coaflded to France.Tbe ra* Wft bcr previalaas behind. She started agtin, andreadied Three Kivera at bjjf past aix P M. dhe w«s September. Genera: Berran is the candidate ef the bodies, old doors, boats, A c Tbe damage to property inis s s w G&aaana..in the name ofthearrival a n ong a s of tba heir s moat nappy event asdoajss-oaron which tt i.-'lbr theaifollowing reply :-P.la llavtia —la •wstareretaaahsiBfthebooeroftheveryunexpecteda • \ M nave gtvea as. and hi behalf of the cltiaaes * Sew VorK. waoae m»*eesgei<aticc we bear I return y e u•at corta. tera»> b) which you havefriec.-s oa thw etee tae divstiac itae wttl best isutre.-ticg council had beea hekt with the Pah Dtea. swato of the harbor police boat. No S, who, tiigelbei with Peter O'Brien (a s.) .2 tarir .-^. uaate aoveraign, aad whom wt» *liali Tare&ta were xaae aad good advice given. B these the crew, assisted him to land bis boat. It we* oepesited Price (hub.). *•*}', they were tbtauaeus ofKathu^' roaht Rtsvace of•*ess a-tropolm harr.uM« «*r beto ve* bMUto cemeat savage of the he s*,,(rf« of aeOnttector Fr«uThe Her Departatent received to-day an narstttitr know, but when seen by himshe was near the Eighth to ftntea the game, although ahead of their opponents vited to attend.of saysea]the savage* te see for pesosLeseetcbea f;omfeat Kearney. Kshrossta,toThe funeral will take piaoe this (Friday) hairpasttwoo'clock,fromtheresidenceof 22 Third avenue.Canada aad Dublin papers please copyQuaes —oa Thames*-, August 23,lingering tlmees. in the hope oi a blessed immortality, Ca- TBassmCuts*,whsofWlttmmCBker,agadegyearsaad 9 days.The frteads and relatives are reapecttBDy tavrtod to at ttnd the funeral, from her lateon Saturday afternoon, at tarn o'atsek.Albany papers please copy.CoLwxti —On Thursday, August 22, Mrs. BUBB F. WHX, ia tbe 3*d year of her age.tortserstate that twenty or thirty of them w e n kilted. They aun-beredaoont six hundred Oa the part of the trees*, ore private was miseia*. two war* wounded sad flee af the iadiaa guates were allied.the feat, and arrived In this city yesterdsy afternoon, atbaem ana ta the object far wl^-T •; mmOiue wish yea oa thai ialensahaj eceaataa of-T»it;r,n>>owrfatateaswosegam,aad1weeasss iatheir•»*».: i. nuiiifsat that aymrwthy aad tender their re- relative to the bcetiie character of tbe Indians there.half past five o'clock, very much sunburned and tired.He left Boston about two weeks ago. in hi* skeleton boat, weighingeelyfiftypomade,aad,afterstoppingatseveralplaces oa tbe route, arrived here safely yesterday, as Smith (»db)R.?TMuIDdataesyeartinsee agaaawesaaegjasseasthe aaao'jatiubjeottodrafttaId121006. _appealauce. We supposeweshadfaesrmoreofhimbe- fore teas,1st- Atlantic 1 Excelsior 5ady -a Carwsaedaea—net morel daaiegtiwh«d or * n « e . ' h j t r i e p o w e r a a d d i g n i t y o f f h e r p o s i t i o n t h a n •JbwTIIt ••assthergraeee. who* ee coaaa to bearir-nuir. to hersea,we brine with aa a trUMtteof fevtfett reepect aad edauratiOB of bar who baa adorned • 4igiutv af power aeat af piaee with the pases aad • rinses tbat chaster aroead the eanred aaaasa ef w'.eA«f mother.battree: is thronged wish aUoaaaial flass are nyiag,The Ketanaater General bee ietaruad from Kentucky. TBB o v a a x a a c MAIL TO T a a r a c n e ctend i k e funeral, this (Friday) forenoon, a t ton from the residence uf her psrsBbl, 21B Fulton Ntw Yorko'clock,large uamaer of despatches from varvnm quarters Captain Smith givee the details of bia victorious battle with the Indtaas, tweatr five mites northeast of Lake Hersey. Oregon. He is indiaed to btiiere that si! theIndiana of thai regioa of country are hostile. Cot. Wright bad promptly ordered the artillery aad daagooas to march at ccce to thf acece of hostilities. WithM«i«r Stees was to scour the whole country, aadavcauc. with little more than a fig leaf toaarees her, taata tosay.shehadbutanapron to cover her,tbat eesaegocd Samaritan had supplied her with on the road. Ulti-mately a smiling policeman took her in tow, amid thesmiles of the men, the laughter oi the women and thescreams ef tbe children. Neither the s? mpathy of the tha*, all bets should stand off. The betting was ta favorrisersmiribsasses*respeelfealyinvned totjBSsmtl iheabere stork of Wiaaa and Liquorsluseiiieeneeheaalsobeen received from NewMexico1Xeda&acan be beUewad, they will preserve friendship withtbewhites.ia the shop of Mr. Bawling, at the root of Montgomery John Oliver (2d b.)..*CHEAPEST IN8CBANCE IN THE WOHLD. Weassnowmaktag,wSbooteaespttea.taebantSAof a greet aataba, with whieh ttec'oeeet rsletieeaefmfriewsnMSeaabsp,andaassayorin «-pin a c-WaMMS. Ltvtag wader very dtfibreat usstitu^w* :r-n; yours, the ettissaa af N e e Terb share withPK srraerc. and adsairatiuB far her wheal you are 000 The drafts paid ammaited to gJ.ASS.m The very much burned by the sun; but his lace bad ao unusualinkasrB'T aaxairsa.TherecerptsmtotnfeTreeauryMetweek wereS1.&40. be<tgrandmore nourishingthanWater. HisarmswereM,O'Brien(p) Brtwes.1daughter of Hugh G and Nancy Crosier.aged 1 year aad 4 monthsTbe friandK of tbe family are respectfully mvited to atwhenexposedtotbefire,mtoebestr Proof Sate defies tha world Any. reqnestedtoeailandesstku 7S> Broadway. Betera to phyststoaa aad aur- saw ef the cityV VTA:. AOCT&BST r a o a B r a s * — O n W e d a e s d a y m o r n m * a Theprrrrer mirtary officer m Carson Valleybadcol Mrs. RrcanaahMcCann,shout tweatyyears of age,re-Scoreif—Atlantic. George Rodgers; Excelsior, Williamweted •vi'Jerre to ahnw Mormon resistance to the em; granu frum Utah. EScieat proseetionta persaas bmvtng tx,a Trrrltery, well a a to the mail cuiitractarfi in building; their ataiiaae. aasaraace is given ef an early Tfstoratios of to* mail service.Tea rasctr so oca ftar. m saw ssasazta.The recent laaalt to oar Ceasul and dag at Rio Hacheby the !'.bera! or revolutionary party of "Newhas received the consideration ofprobably it is eorrecUt reported that the Navy Depart met: is ahout to tespatcn vessels to the Atlantic eeast of tbat republic for the frvveataui of similar outrages by the utsorgenbaMuwams, Aaguat -U, Mas Lutbr Hannaott wan nomrnatad for OmgraM by the Republican Convention for the mrninl *1«<rHMr bail atsiding at No. 197 East Eleventh street, attempted to light a 8-« a aatave with tbe aid of campbooa Unfortunate- ly tale can eontamtng the fluid exploded, burntug her to sash 'aa extent that she died shortly after Coroner Jack sass said sa inquest, sad a verdict was rendered iaacu 11 ' '"iff • • w i t h t h e a b o v e f a c t s .Cat SBBTBeOB—The newspaper express tram oa theButton Biter Railroad, shich left this elty at half pestthree o'clock yesterday storatng, ran off the track MaahattaaviUe. The storm had washed the sand sad gravel over the rails at this point, sad hi passing the locomotive went off. No peraos injured. The assess* to tbe eaaiae will not exceed one hundred dollars.lBWlllgeai «.NVW Oil aBBBSSBS SSSBSB Of TWO MBS—S2ST WOBTBor Baucs MOBBT Fores rres a m rmsssa—Early last evening an attempt wee swade to pot into etreatatios eeu&urt*it three dollar notes on the Bask of the Otpttet^ Alhssy, W. T . TtJsgvaph operator Chapta immslrata.yto the polios in the several prteiacts, in ethort time the atorekeeper* thrjugbout the eityaged22years,AHa relatives sad friends as*^XT^J^tJSS^SZ _J*^U^;j ^_a e nlf % 'vr ai^ASTM?1 sS_iSo'clock last evening a terrible in the tenement house 165 Westt.aad the railroad track iniatworkall Twentyninthstreet,sixpersonsbeingbadtyinjured. B wentoutaaatip. Tutairun,1.wedethatthe— ^w " ""the break ap to Six o'clock. r Garb's Mill, tea^porarily,seems that tbe building had hot recently been ereetad— m fact, has hardly bees tniabed. The owner of the pro- perty bad placed in charge of the building Mr. Daniel Fuchand finally, whsasmpiedthesecond floor. Daring yesterday there were two gas fitters at work nutting in gas pipes, and it appears tbat s portion of toe pipe, whamSBCONS IMITJHM.£xceatior! —Kussell gad off in fine style, but was caughtoutbyaaeatcatchoathepartofthecentre field. Finelyfollowed with a sky rati 11 bail, bat was caught out before he could make his first bam. Whiting then went atthebat,butbe,too,wascaughtout NoranfortheEx- eewiora. Tbe Atlantis* in great gleeiathe room. Atthetime, Bra.Fuchsadthree of her children, William, Frederick a a d Jacob, together with Mr. Fuch"B brother-in-law,were taking tea,aad theyseat Oliver bum*. Joe| Oliver . wee caughton t on a foul ball by Leggett inj the most beautiful manner. Matty0'Brienwasalsocaughtoutbyexcellentplavon the part of Holder aad Ruaaeii. Pierce thea took the Bye bave taseroveaaeaie bat, but waa oaught out ta splendid style by Braiaerd.r >E W tl* Orao B t a _JBI)DIWOCABDSJ. NOTSS, aC.-dMtBBWlost their lives. A party of scavengers, it appears, were gut home, however. Number of rune, fi.'seppeetsehe bad taken tt into her wise head (probably tinconfirmed by tbe reftsan! to fuse with the Cnioa men forthe defeat of L:a:oin. 1U leaders nere are great•» aa-acyed at the Haaaul*s puBgent question to the Cabin-H.Tbe silearo of the OmutiatHm may be construed t&to aa pounced upon her clothing and bore them off in trtu mpu. a'ter ebeer went up for the Atlantic*, and.cerlbe influence of the "crater* ) to divest herself of her ciotbiBf aad have a plunge into the Hudson. While luxu- riating in the liquid stream, some mischievous urchinsPaeans** On Inursday, Auguat aasma, agt d I months and 16 day) L2 3 , WiiisaiH. BuiMeWbtoa daunted, she emerged from her bath, aad boldlyfaced the seeds and jibes of this heartless weral. Howfar she had traversed Sixteenth street tbe write r doth not unruly perrons. Notfatog could persuade the Excelsiorsdm funeral will take piece from 98 Sixth street, corner of Fast avenue, mrnfPrtday) afternoon, at two o'clock. His remains will be taken to New prerk Bay Cemetery tor interment. The friends of the foauly are respectfully inmat nt r the modesty of the women, however, appear to bawl been excited to tbepitch of bestowing on heranold hi thai state she was led off toOf the Excelsiors all tbrougb tha game, and the general impression was that they would beeosne the Sta*aseaa club If tb-y bad naisfcsd the game The heso* big up ef tbe game caused much disappointment on aUssdes,aad none perhaps felt m o m chagrined than toe members e fKACBIXES.SM. eaieanxnn 5U Broadway, oppostte the St. ~-AT.orCar-tar*MABTIBraonBases*,•CaptainMar- tbeAtanticdubtbciisjalIIIS.ItIsnotlikelythatthe tin, the vegetarian, who recently made an offer to row a question of the championship between these two clubs Ktoaapy* and rCamacches. sear Repubiicaa riser, boat from Boston to New York, has really eeeompiished will ever be settled, for the Excelsiors vow they willmodtor, BEARDSFOBTHEBEARjyLMS2.-TJSMMTONOTTBTrT ' if your board won't grew; tost will fores u to grow.magic. In a few weeka, s a d waa't stain or Injure tbe Prktofx. SoBiUiaaraortof tte country.B-O GRAHAM. Mo ll* Nassau street, N. T.T>ARTLBTT ACO..MBKBLEMANTJFACaTTatMMFtr WhseleT A Wilson's,Orover A Baker's.Bowe'a. nines • end afl sewing machinesWholeaale aad retail SSSSSSBB. «tl Broadway, corner of Canal atreet.gtvmg the particulars of the fight with thenever play with the AMastire again.The following is the score —iTurnr. o R. axrjBLsrox. O.Pierce (c)Ikccti to turn, who, at ansae latase day,their aeishhers advices frefta Camp Oariy. Callfornit, mention that tn above stated. He was observed by Mr.Smiley, the cox- stcaab.il (c f.) 3 0 Whiting (3d b j X 1street. Atthetimeofthe arrival ofCaptainMartinhe Hamilton(r.f) had a large water melon in his boat, which was to him Joe Oliver Q.. t)0 S*Camsss.—AtamsfhegssFktto,<Bm***gscounty.N.T,wer* put on their guard.It was aot long before SergeantMit.who gave their nseaes'as Edward HcEnteht aad Atexsu-wbe attempted to pas* one of theto* G A Bennett, keeper ef a aeatkrasta'snnder the Fifth to thaayny.euetTPbiU oa the^a%r*»*ro ami^/ers'sm Ptatiartturd, Ooaa-, oaesaCo«atarMar-C h f ^ ^ . .IJaad rtaateva Beak. Magi dta ess 23 bill a the Bssjsat; * ta tt baUes ^ >«*^f ans isaa, sssas sssssk *to**eu*oa » • • • > -asd Chreataatrr m ses, Metroat; a 22 iwAe / t the tease heel, end 1 aea%»?UuwatealtagasatS£, B^kT*a2aB^Kmahmdlxmgn/'BSIsWThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tW^S^Bt^-mSSBSWsPS •*•***osa_wtoe^__t ML.asstto.id Leggettsallowed,being caught out berate he reached his fiat CSSK freiKhton, but he tooout by tbepitcher. Total runsg.left uncapped. The men quit work about six o'clock, tad on leaving dosed the door of tbe closet after them. About dark Mr Fuch west into a bedroom adjoining, with a tUtted lamp, bat no sooner did be open the door than a• and traiaa are peering as aenal. Light the second <tory, and completely damoii-hiag everything to the left field got to second base, and • sssJaaadDeMmy. which have refused to ytakt U othermorning trains, and came to a dead bait at CUrfcrviUte. He went beck t o Princeton and took a private Hjghtatown.B*restem'sDepot 419 Broadway, corner oftJ. atsrwe* DaeTa Imperialtorn are daily eurteg ca«es of taesstoat Winethefllth. He had bees there but a few minutes, how- make up for the keaaf.tbe two men who preceded him, jour hedtb.—The ettyTSTT TTT rrrrrrrrfirrr TT1T TtTimmediately ds*a*as*d to the relief of the dying man, when be. too, was observed to fall prostrate from the efleetsoitbedeadlygas. Aftersome/delaythe unfarta-men were hraosst to the aurace, butby that time had become an exhausted that ail efforts to revive provedBBBoaiHag. Theyremainedinsensibleuntil tight o'clock, when death ensued Coroner O'Keefe held inquest upon the bodies, when the jary rendered a verpict of ''Death from the aahaaathm of poisonous ***** as he conaiiera nmasaiy to make his mention while at work cleaning out a sink at 438 Pearl street." DiesserwasanativeofGermaay,aadwasfortyaixyearsFTao equal for batuufy rt-rpb a tw a s a*unfortunatea sPolhemas, contrary tobatted poorly. Hessascaught out esatipbyPierceBrauierd wasthen pat out b> good ptay oa the part of Peter O'Brien. Reynolds was served in a similar man- ner Norasa TbeAtianticsbuoyantaadgettingnoisy.Atlantics —Pierce tot off, aad by a good bit got to hisfirst base ia safety. Smilb, by a splendid hit to the leftfield, got to his aicond base, sad gave Pierce an opportunity oi arriving uotne. McMahoe sest a good ball to the Miss Imsxs MaaoB, all of this city tenfield,sliowedSmithtoreachhisbornebase,sadgot BBWIBT—Baaam*—OaThursday,AugustS3,at toeExcdi.rrs—hisusualstyle,game, tried ba-d to pacify the crowd, but to vainirg thetit'ort*oftbeeotioe,thenngwasbroken intoand the area u s e filled wMu several thousand excited andIn the score, and stood every dbaace of besting them—so Faaanr* On Thursday, August to, of sea etreke. Bsmmr theyaltgetinto their stage and drove off theground, Bkisofr.aged113years,3mouthssad2Theartily disgusted wren t b e entire proceedings. Before parting, however, it a s s sgreed between the cap- taiBH that the gam* should be a "draw, ' andThe retotivm sad frteads ef the family, tfaeihert of Washington Lodge. No. g, A. 0 oXG.»-. ore re-spectfully mvtted to ataend toe fbseral, torn (rYiday) sf- tected stack of any house ia Uuat torsoos, at Usee o'clock, from total tote residanne, No. 270Greeawtoh stsset.Gaa»—On Thursday, August 2 3 , of caasumption, MAUI J. T ., eldest daughter of tbe late Mr Thomas Cms, of Kil- kesoy, Iresand, agedYoung. Veil.Umpire—Mr. Thorn, of the Empire Club, of Mewg-TOHBS. BrHTOSS.1 3 Ruseell(1sth) r « ttoateyfLf)SI 2•Poihemus (c f )12 1Ar anyBy direction of toe agar Depaittuaut, Brevet Llinili sanllatelilzeiCoioael William B. Emory, First cavalry, to assigned to Fifth street, Williamsburg, this (Friday)duty as Aottag InspeotSt General ef the army, according to so* brevet rank.Brevet Saooad I umtnsants ^graduates af the Military Acadew ef ltd*), whsbave been dtressed to report for duty with recruia destined for New Mexico, on the Ssth September next.aro an*bortxed todelay joining theiri mauds until that date.ArrtvalaABB1VAaetawAUc-aaamarripBattap at Vietoru (Hoog Kocg; tu cuule for BoglaodCats* and Japaa; Was WsoelrU. * aad wife, W » WlJr.. Tbca Fran«ia Veagaor. Mrs D B fiaSSSBSJt l-naraiellaad wife. A Bloc*, M sSsger. 0 P Daniel, <»Kwiit and wife. D * Diaaaa. J BDamkasaa. J BPwrey, t t m > saaagest son at John asd Rebecee Lsrkm,AMD THROAT SCCCsBtV i SweavtoUi street, apostal cooeuitauone frem i to t P H.vis. M B (Sark. L A Bc.Hh. lira Searta. B Taylor. ~wife aad infant; lirai. B* nifbemuns ana nbnd. ULasreast aOnEtiWa.. iI. "oCoofdfy,f kevwaed atd wife. WV 'Panlay, A Daasy^J A Vfeayy, A Lewia.• •iatordsoa.8MTlU«.ksao*taa,WUlAVaiie, W*W Sasssv 0 (GH)Hm«. llkBnr•ir»e,v•et£s,J*raUh, J WiUstane, N Jaaea tt W Wevaaoalb. K B Weeks, D Anwaeraaaa aadaan, JibhaSasv Via aad-said, Bnwaa RTinniea. chdd aa*tervata;SLeo,MlLaaam.-Os Thursday, a..,, • aad 17 daya, Chaa Brady, MJtavet.aayThe reiatiaea and faieuds a t toe fe«rip^are mvtted to intend tho funeral, irons B t a s m x street, this (r>jdsg.f*toam*s*» • » »M-»snr .—'u LUeroday, aged 62 years, a aatreaJ« Cavaa, gatoarii, tot*f tosajssty.Hm%iend*,SBdanu Mbkeaa Foley, aad hatiiireslnlly tovSrd to atteci 'rai, oibus, tew res-t't-rcc Ml l*ttt BkCAim-Stddesdy, enSSC»> sue- af ssdags.ThetwhOiveaiI: taattsAtosAtsBd the"EsauSrtxmamA.—Oa Thareeag Third awoue.user "" PAISKS O'l^ssr.iA.Ratio- cf the AsISO.—aastis fesawBrd.L. I., Eaui) J. PaU.acrdiUntitled Document•QtabyaUdr tsms,JUv Dv fiasBhj L « diesesdlss.Depot 78WUhaasstreet, Sew Tort• •CttreMaugh'a lllataiwePermits naslsinsble—no turning up behind. next fell ttawart'a, forcer lesft at.'*A OEAJTD MASQUHBArf BALL.WTUUsea*A T THE HOTKL BT .ia this cool and oonveiuonaj toARCHITECTS. SOAP MAP TJPACTTTBMB8, C Prtaiers. t ojgy sn hoda. or Setokta Otaaa ow asefui for fire aeaessg. prevoatingM B.-O&. Bye, Bpini Enaolent.ATSS-8H0BSAMDQArTBBSATJOKES'.10ASDIf Annstreet,asewstyle,andwarrantedtogtve sat*faction. "ASArise,OFsisaPMBWSBXISTKBKBXT horse, toarlhor wtth a bright eve. erm-odrroissiai. taroambtoeaeeof fnstoses toalief LET'S Pood for Oattle, nastaia aalj rourty-twetra au quarto «t net mUk eeSy (oapenor to New To through using * \ oanto worth of Thoriey s Itag ofitweaty per eeat ta tbe aaortaaty ofi tareosbtbe use of tire*eenia worth of Tkotiei'si eecbsauasL A bog faiiaoaU ta half thebacon better, aad five swats per pound smieihs as through the use of three cents worth of Taorter*a Cattle. Manufaetery, Caladnoina Bead. Loodon. ' raited State*. 21 Bauadway, Now Turk. Op tat Waters' aaddlory otore, corner o: tsSrtasatt atreetMl cento, black or brown, aUdrasjghtta.tepot No. 1 Barclay street, sad bytyrup$1 per bottle.•OrDepot M OoeUaadtaLhtorabesieu*s Tiureas fuaaretata,'tbuticbfotkiasa,rataPiuafees1dencbiW aadamBroadiwrrr wrvrr rrrvrRmownr MttOB —On Wednesday, August 22, at the residence of Rev. J. Millet, Mr. IGsoaoa R. Bauiwm tosUUfltpj PATMSTA TUFTS—InThursday, august 2 3 .ma ATirrrs, only daegbtsr of James aad •thmbeth Aylifle, aged 10 years sad 5 -*—*«•*•MountWestchesterafter a short illness, EMILY Jaaara-W i g — AMOlMroadway,00 on Wednesday, August 22, Ki-rzmicrs, oaly aad beloved ever offered to tae public Onr Safes iinvited to at-half so*t sine o'clock.GIBAVX —OS Wednesday, August 22, of paralys*s, MJtUxssBBK, caaghtar of John and Ann Gleave, sgsd years s a d 4 months.BASHSOB—On Thursdsy, August Ba, at S t p ml,after a nngermg illiioss,Mr.32 years aad 11 da) aBoston papers please copy.tend the funeral, from hto lataBams—Oa Wednesday evening,iBsasaSBBB MAam, only child or Harmaaa C. i Haas, aged 1 year, 4 months aad IB dThe funeral will take ptase f t a n •Friday) SBoming. at-ame o' 'August2 1county,ont ome three yeara In 2000 ewes PORT WISE, various i*E*T>ALLO*rni______the fear of conuadteucn. that I have me 1SEtflNGTbta reiet rated new improved double thrjssdOF THE IXNGStllyueatadbyBr B.D PAPS,atMs{leeaaeaae.SMIThlABBHOiA, DTWENTHMT AND COUC iMMEDIATM- \Ttycured hyDr Toniaa' eetabraied Ventntian Luuate SBSSBSSd aot to tpaolisasi. Only to eeata. ftlata Bold by alltoae>a*BW'sBenot twOourttaaSiHJLBJtIS www.fultonhistory.com 