 VOL. El—IfO. fSSO. CJGKGRESS.ilk ni rittMkNEW-YORK, SATURDA#, JANUARY 7, 1880.^PRICE TWO CENTS.VThe Houseprooeadsdto arate,wkieb icaoUad as ^'n" lUoff. isiBdalCommitteeappointed byand make thosene-in sixty counties in that Stale.Tbebut proclamationItalyof Milan, Veo ice,. and other Ual-of Ir. iMtt Cmliii.vf> Brtna, HewtiVorfc,would Mr. McClemand. of nUaols, (Dtnn.)failed to have that acuteness necessary to obtain the.:From tkeIn some recent remarks onSpceeklUu,I>cfliicfl"TM« S^ttUi «'it.'^to - which die r^^dttedof Ik.ifOnU TOTE FOB SPEIKSB.l^eRepobUcanandDemocraticparAlabaaa,SpMial Slqutteh to tbe ITev^Tork TimM. W.una«TOa, PridaT, Jan. 0.tnd at garrisoast Did that they supposeDemocrat in preference to a Republican.The gen-THE EUROPEAN NEWS.IRepublican,ta Ui ipMch open the ar|;anlzatloo ol the aian aPackages by the Bohemian. also been accused of having osed iJtoiatfSMHI^ ; 'tlon in the seizure of certain paraphletc ik'iitB»totk«|]reaBatllMBts,aftn' tke aaa- Mr! HuKm asked Usteamshipit made Mr. MAvaaaa a Dam mm.^ tka awiUw ct fke Bxidak PaiHaauait. It ocrat to vote for'Mr. Beoooz. He supposed that the•ad irtr. His Mr. £«fii colleague,i|ga«aa<•If anparkat, aM only to Am Gorenimeiit, but tobad en-deavored to drBMntiate the absurdity of (katUag as tlraaa woald aot make aay;more argumentation on hour thisIfeii>Mf eaiaal otaorei, tkat tbe iateiesti of theoi^iortunityreply.p<diL« Ito niAr for tome dme to come kaine an orgaaiiatioB will be aecared, and it laMbssIbo D'AacBlto aa tba Itallaa QtsastJaa. fnmOuBnuuUNot*.yaipltlMateeatiaaecomplete nor more unuisputed than at periodical press has Us speelal rules aain rUm of the reeent axeiteiBeDt tbe eooatir, tkat aa appeal to the ballot-iiiilil iimill IIItm w•• iwwiiallii 1.nM» of J<n Baowa aa to tka eampt admlnla- fHtha of tke aSUia of the Oorersmeat.Tkt pohUe here an on the tip toe of excitementeight years' experience has proved tilethe wisdom of them. The political pamphlet 1HgMy lantahln.\ote ^It woold be a war of cxtermliatlon unless tbey beUeve the South would even stay whipped if it•i^aafkoatbyrality rale la the event tbe House couldother way. U the House follow tbe suggestion of Mr, could be foreseen by no person, it is.tt»i dislrlbutiap,:tetteonlng apeech [regarded disorganizers, charged by Mr. Mii.is, unless it can be shown thatItheir five votes can elect a Speaker.'problems,to be quite as dilBcHit to suppress as to solve. Na- and toItwastoavotdaSSSa^Aaof Senator SiwAas. the denial, on the part of aome of tiMappeared whenjustice intertered.gliiilinii trhimpk en flia part ofMx.Miuaaald,tbaa1ka ioaH—in bad anawarodplu- ha nofacilitybeing, however, subjected to the samewho are oppoeea as wall to tbe kia awB takla a qneatloncould ever t>e doneTtliata characteristic of thethat Before the law ol gnaraasa*. July 27, JSM, luniiala fcthat Mr.Siviaswould ka Ikcir eaadidate for the Presidencr, there appeara la ke a detarmlaatiiia on the part of tliaae who pall Ikkwiraatohaaiwbat he baa to aaj before takingroost to hard frequentlyexpatiations when they ven-"iHtk^SapokUeans preetcs,into tbe law ofprinter uidepcsit with the lawthe authorities,'and Doaaiaaii were both awmiMrs of tbe Older.Mr. Man said Mr. Pniaoii waa just aa dead an ism aa could be possiUe. ILangbler.] There was no <ue in these resurrections of dead lama. That of them voted for Mr. Mamiaa wlio bad af- llated with Americanism, proved nothing nxo'e than that they were willing to yield something to accom- dMt atnogtb to procure him the noml^tlon la can- pUab a gieat aad patrloUc purpose. He was wlUing, to vote for an American, In order to defeat theBe found it was in conse- quence of a growing dlspositioa in this country toIt died it killed its controversy is by no meansfirm attituCe maintained so persistently of late by tbehaving less than ten of " It istbebut the KansasHouses, remains in full force, and the ap- take.reporter motives for this^kfiaaad aftteitBifaanid^tfyavectad that the Senate wUl pro-"linpiaaaihteeoaiaict."antboTS,inhabitants of Central Italy, have brought matters to a against humanity and civilization, but a serious mis- The most powerful, as It Is the most respectable ofaaaAta tka etoedoaof a Printer on Hoaday next Saa. Sawiua feda a bigker degree of confidence in Ma aHiaate aoecaaa alace tbe decided, interest of hiHbeing dtstrlboted and a whole eOdanfrlanda bias manifested itielf in aoffl-of Mr. he desired to be In- Wuibi.ov,is not to condition of subjected anyiliaiwiiifiiTca^. In ^te of tbe dlsdofores of Winsiu. It ia tfoaMcd, however, by thoaa beat informed,\whetherthe alfAlon indefinitely.interrogatorytime jby tbe "rhinittb aaagnlae antieipatiraiB wiU be realized.opposite priaciples,ing interests, the most violent passions, areconflict- contendingIf, on the contrary, proof be given thatnodistrlbatlaaI hear of ^lilnalliiiii in proepectlTe that will, perhaps, mate- ilfli^iakaage the result, and certainly may postponebut because that geifQe-or salewriter then resumes tiis freedom of actioa, bat ks isTht who were taken gentleBMBby.teeing the numberless calamities that have been the been, during the la.»t ten years, and such is now, the len-prisimersBaamr tn his de«peiate attempt to OTerthrow the claimed the right to exerciFe his private judgment inresponsible alone to the public opinion of aatluoa and the impartial judgment of history. Be repeatedCamiaiiient of Virginia, lien*. WisBraeTOH, Al- UST, Ac, have been in this city stace yesterday. It ia aadantood that they were examined to-day by thethai tills was annot organize the Ilquse. let them at least elect a tem-r^illliK does not anticipate an early compietloa of tlie 'cefsaty to save the credit of the Government. Then of Virginia are determined .«In future to demand cviacltmory judgmentover the blind victory impulses of passion isWiien the ladiesMilabors.Vke health of Jadge Docxus is impronng.[naa in UKimi n>a thi iBaaciins mih WAiBuiGTOic, Friday, Jan. 6.necessarypeace and w*ei-friends, or lovers, if they were notthe Senate. The tent, partyAny would be willing to compromise withtiment of Virginia, as expressed in public meet-Clearness of conception and of tbe eye, in tbegentleman them. [Laugliter.]for the Republican nor for the Democratic candidate,Hie National Union Executive Central Commit-tae met last evening—Senator CaimiroiK ia til? Southern would cast their votes withnfiiplyDemocrats, tie put it to those gentlemen of both patties whether that was really a high and'patri-oticthemlet resigntheir seats as members of thisthe observance of the guarantees of the Constitution,more than everto allowQ. .]oftbe North. They have yielded to thoseofChair. Progress was made in enlarging the Com-aftteeliyselectionsofmemt>ersfromdifferentStates,and In tbe arrangements for thorough organization a quettion of party pride between the Anti- flkrovghoiit the country. The Committea have re- men and the Southernceived wliat they conceive to l>e cheering evidences' Lecomptonwho sent to us their belovedones, to as tteiraf the ripening of the people for this new party. A •famlar warordered to be issued by the Secretary, and an address Is in course of preparation.SiwAXD stood before the country as a perjured traitor,most ardent afl'cctions, inforgtiting to a ceiiain extent our per-Pepo.i, Siilvi, have hundred cl'ies of Italy ?no comradesIt li said that a sharp correspondence has passed be-tween the counsel of the Ifew-Almaden Mining Com- ized condition of the Government and the deplorablesituation of the mail service. Would they, from mere party pride, stand aloof, wliile the honest contractors, to whom money waa due, were reduced to the very verge of ruin and bankruptcy. The Lecomp- ton Democrats claimed to differ from their pa^yonlyceceralthese many years past, whilst loving Ms country as"pany, of California, and the Attorney-General, Secre-tary of State and the President, la respect to the In'tmctlona issued to the Consul In Mexico not totaketestimonythereasanotary,aaIs anthorlzedbyAetof Congresa. The counsel claim that tbe interdic- on a single issue, and that issue one of tbe pa«t. Would tion is equivalent to the suspension or abrogation ofdistmlon, and talk pleasantly about hanging traitors,might not supr/Cse there was sncb a necessity. But theywere few. The great majority of the people North asdSouth believed that tliis ctiuntrv is In aM#e danger slekness. As his friends were unable to eS'ecl a pairnow than it has been for a generation, and were sin- for him, t'uey were compelled, a^ a last resort, to send at the sight cf an Austrian tnilformdoes not choose to be a peopleslave to the caprice offoreignthe law, and without precedent,—an Invasion of thewhich h.is so long rent and distracted the nation.The Sculh desired pe.ncc and security they ;Mr. Colfax, of Indiana, (Rep..) remarked that heCiiristion. It reminds one ofHassibal's oath;itlated by tbe consciousness of achieved a sel- havingcmn and vital act for the cotmtry. and this womanrights of citizensinjurious in its efTect and of dan-had been authorized to weary of ii.ccssant agitation. The North said the Democrat.II r. KsriioLDi ofif with atakes us back to those savage hatreds between na-tiiins, that were abie to produce great things simulta-;werepairDo not co-ne and oifer col- your fupeirmities to this Italy, which we can form Ingerous import.Clilef Justice Tasit is still absent from the SupremeCourt through sickness, though he gradually im- proves,HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.WAsanioTOir, Friday^Jan. 6, 1660.withbut fthicli are cjjndcmued both by the law of theand thethe never charge unworthy motives on any one, but might it not be ^aid tliat these men are embittered by party Bouse in continuation of his remarks of yesterday. passion, and have become so soured and moroicthatto make aG. GARIB.tLDLr.H Uaii of South Carolina, (Dear.,)addre^cdunprecedentedi^Ship Sea Belle ia BristelIt bad not been hisor to enter at length upon a discussion of the greatqneetions wlilch are now distracting the public mind. country dlsorganizers Theywerethewedgesepar-desired only to live in amity and fraternal love, and it would stand recorded forever, on the brightestbluod, ard a sad alternative of calamities undcrgoueBarber.opinion reaponalbleParty proper |was.Heman. Hewasparty regardedgivenits starting point, it has not strayed far away from itsat length Providenceoefiiendedber,andshe wasthe Democraticnotthought surely would not allow such moUyes \it Infiuence;beingsatis-it, it should ask itself whether, mistaken havingtime in of lost with all hands but danger tieing ;;the three nartles equally opposedNorth,Slavery aggression was the key note of almost all theAbolition tirades. The South was to willinging It woold either tend to compose existing difficul-ties by the South that tliere is sulEciem con- showingservatism at the North to protect all her rights in the future, or that it would put on solemn record the factpurposeregular speech,tbey arc almost malignant in their feeling against th* dominant party f Would they not stand before the!Iknown thu; liieSouth, upon lating herself on her system of injustice and violensa t Belie, on board of which the fije broke out aad laKees^-iUe editor v\as when be said that he terrible experiment to which she has subjected so the recent terrible gale she sailed from CaidiffHe hoped to take occasion at a future time atlngWas it not the part of manlinessupon him to pursue a course contrary to what he badour subject—bad doubtless made Italy undergo evils too many to be enumerated; but, when she reckonsts consider those He desired to call questions.Southern statesmen.. But Northern men, who be-attention now to a practical suggestion, in grievances and k rong"-, if they have any, and by anorder to an He desired, if act of self-abnegation, do that which would commendits very existence depends, are sinfid, a moral and CoMritr and Unqvirer, in which it was represented The latest of the consequencesexpedite organization.possible, to bring about some degree of liarmony and them to the approbation of all good men ? Nu class concert of action among the tturee conservative ele- of their feilow-citizexs would blame them for such anpolicyfollowedments on the floortotheRepublicanParty. Heyieldedyesterdaytoa very liappy colloquial debate, happy he thought in its results, wliile he was going on to show why in Illsact, and nobody could charge them with having been false to their professions. Some of them had been elected especially as anti-Administration men, and had almost a bitter personal hostility to the Ad- ministration. But in organizing tbe House and putting In motion tbe mactiinery of government they"alone." All they asked was to be let alone and Hismanv miliions of men and which has cost torrents efhas it borne witness in behalf of her ? blood, principleIt Is time at that humanity should lake length pityen itself. It is time that policy should examine itsfor thebe might speak impartially on that iwint, be-cause he was not aversal conscience of m'anklud isgradually beinginto the dry dock of the Messrs. aUnon-organixation.aa rather an outsidertme he bad hitherto been able to act with theeratlc ofgaoizaUon, and trusted he might con- the most tinae to do so, but he (tiU held hlmaetf nntram-meled and indepandeat, and free to aet asbest might conduce to the interests of his in-existing,and, in the pf WiBarxa, where languageprogressestier wiUi the of about 300 teas of cargo, exceptioncoals, w as got out of her, and she underwent a ttfor-a sort of Arab. It was politicaland it ; outstrips;mediate State. He was a State Sights man, and House what course willhigh regionsofpowertheB«|itbam eoastttuendea, on account of Ms connectionwttb thli Helper Boek, about which they had already thatheard ezuiugb. He thought that when Southern men aaad question,was noand no better mode ofMr. Davis, of Indiana, or any other. The House could then te organized at once. He was elected as an Anti-Lecompton Democrat against an Administra-He made tion, or Lecomjituu Democrat. The Americans andcouid|rally.Mr. JoBic CocBKANZ, In reply, said there was at theTtrinr, Nov. 20.FIccalemlBl a Patriot.nounce him as utterly unfit to preside over them for .the lafit halfI,and when they found the otiattnatety and persistently silent,century,say justno evidence he wa& not a Dernociat. He conceived It was evidence that he » as a Ueini^rat because heMr. McKiA5, of New-York, (Rep.,) asked Mr. we had last was the Sundaymost magnifisent andthe ceck, a large and frigbtfui and lufliciing woimd,CcFFXX knocked him down. Cossxl rose and stabbedin the matter wasfor theing voted for him till it became apparent nKut is best for theirMr. ABX4III—I received more Democratic votes.than up theThese things besetlearn fromtheinentlythat he could not be elected, they abandoned liun forqualifiedposition,people,beingwanderedthrough by-ways until they reached someboa ing applause through the sentimenu It excited. But iDg of last week Ltsob attempted to escape *• ^to unite the of toe conservative elementstbe ^^"^^UureHouse. In Ujwith the tlemen protested«tm Democrats, andacceptableRcpubiicausat?their politics, and travel the same road as hiouelf. Mr. SiAnion, of Ohio, (Rep.,)—Wnat will they find•read out of thetone BetaocraUcgreat body of the party h^sone of tbe first principles of the Hon toJV^J^i^jW puti, rcauii«u """ "- -.-^.j; „-» tric effect. The enthusiasm of the puulic wu raised and to accomplish thi.-, ^:!i^^emto shoot *•!«>."{J'',;:i;^-oltbeSherii fivemen. Heb.-?(;,^„<;i'l'„*^''/^y^,Demorwas he to go ?nected himself w 1th that parly.ough repair,and most fortunately, as it peaad, fardid not lay any great stress upon party organization.Congress,assembled here as the representatives ofaovereign States, and it was their duty to reflect thepublic sentimenU and promote the immediate in-terests of their States, but in doing that politicalanoelations must necessarily arise. Mo man iiiat «cie Killing at some time to vote with the De- acta ai an isolated unit can expect to accomplish V. not do it now •thatdtcisipnmocracy, hymuch, hence, be was not so utterly impracticable as by delay t Kothing but mereWhat was to be gainedfile havlLg made it way underneatn the deck. It tvoketorefuseallcounselandguidance. Fromtills inde- pasdant stand-point be proposed to discuss ttie situa-theirnotes fir for one of their Speuki-rvote for a Republican here in a party sense did say that he c«uld support such mentliat the whole vessel wasw raj .pec In flames, and iilutninaleO the wiiule city. 'I'lic iiuii.t!,iu> liii t i.fc-iiie.- uf rhe ciiv were on thesacrifice that on the altar oftion of a&irs, and throw out his suggestions. He no reason to hope tliat these suggestions wouldbad said there were threeposed to the Republicans, These were the Demo- urged.In tliii,partiesilie .--t'rcaii ol the conflagratwn:cratle Party,ef this aide of the HouseDemocrats, who were few in numbers, and the South- em Oppoattlon, wlio, though respectable in point of nnmlwra, w«e a new party, still, as it were, in the gristle, not having become sufficiently compacted to have any definite and settled policy. Tiieir first onconstitutingfar thelarger portionhetoito the dic- would emphatically so declare. In reply to Mr. Joa:t create in us an irresistible desire to tmite in one comi tion of jone of drauldenMascuttling proved dtSraUrihere, allequally op-have moie influence thanothers wtiich had beenbut It sosa beesBe v^ hole of our future is there in germ. The noblest tbey htpe accomidlsh was to me*aat Ikstheinstincts and the deepest affections of our heartsisa, tbeae gentlemen ought to sbow It at once by their wlea. Bow can a man be oonaldercd a DeBOcrat when be easts his first vole here against tbe Democ-tmaeat cf eras, not because tbey would desire to Isakfset of Coagresalooal intervention In the Territo- Hca. The BapobUcans did not expect him to vote wdlb their party. Mr. Hiciaaa was inteiferiag in a Batter with which be had nothing to do. Be dlfiered from Mr. Miias,aad denied that there were twenty-Ameriesa Party, bat It was now Uka disaslviaf viewsof tbe pest.Mr. CusxT bavisg Iwen bKmfht ia the House firomhis sick -room, Mr. Coobssib withdraw bis awtkato adjouni.intse effect that a potoaid seemed to gUaaMSIa asBatcd from the North, the North woold not allow her and for a Republican. As for those who had to do it peaceably. They did not fear the vaontad sn- voted for the Republican nominee, be roaslrterert them peiiorty of the North, and be would simply nuke tbei| .eye. i wasPicooLoicnii, that I could not resist SiTlngbeTa u3tke natter. The record was always the erttertoa of f^ecDea did overrun the South, aa had tiacn threat-|ocraLMr. Mseaa, of Kentucky, (Amarlcan,) i^'.d Mr.Mr. Miui replied that in his jitdgment tbay wereif ItdayBe put it to any man of cemnxm sensewhetber itwas tion and Republicans would have an alliance. Heaad at tbe tiaa Mi. Manuib was atkataUttaaunban(boaldn- votedfortherewaanoOamocratienominee.Hati<«al Conventions were the proper twdiet tbdeamstterofdollar*aadcants butwithout ;mcmlng.lessthantenpagesofprint AsSi regartstog:t:t^;^--'and what wasMr. Mais would ask tbe gentlMin l^om New-aayWetermine what was Ucanlsm.matter isditions have been Imposed on theirthe of libertyTorfc a In Did tba qnestloB reply.tliink Repub-iakin tohis own lican.for agcatlaaaa madehimaier.lThe Italian question, matured amidst the atmg-gles and sufferings of half a century, has just entereda phase « hich it may be perhaps permitted as to con-sider the final one. Under tne penalty of allowing perils and the same ofRepublleaa Mr. Ha«n>-It daaa aoCfully wereuselasa, unwise not at once tell theHis party were unanimous, of course, against theKansas of tbe Administration, and the Repub-with thesince the first revolution to solve certain problemsoccurred wbilst she was In the docks an amount of property, maieriab, costly&r.., would, in all probability, have falleaposition and hav- Soultcmsimplyinterests, can, when-by their very name that they were ment of war. The of a freeMi. CocBaasi—hsrdOoIr tuhiree consiatlr'es ter the verdict .d the hlscell,ii»at ..--not,therebetter time than this to test doing it than byAlowing anecdote of Mile. Picooloiii.iias Thistory,turned to account for the benefit of all.degreeDeaiocracyRepobextracts of Interest andthe law of publishing books cas neveraadafaeUoB.Mr. HaazDi refeired to the fact that Mr. MaTWiaashall cease necessaryto be a menace to a prey for tne na- civil war, ontrages on religion aad nm^MTndvote for him byDemocrat made that Democrat,weU as Governments condemn themselvesfill -a tfMjactt, aa Aaierican Tfree Government by a frea people, tmprecedented and Impossible T Revoistions only rise aaumg sensible aadtions asMr. Mnas—To that I reply most distinctly thatIs my judgment, It did not.Mr. Hasxia was inforaied that Messrs. Fnuioixmake them triotlc men treat this great question of disunioa and(.\nti-Lecomp. Dem.,)tyrant of old,Serious businessmanyto-day, Republicans.Mr. Hasxis had voted for Mr. Gnau, and wouldagain if be could elect himman had opposed Lecompton Democrats, tliat side had refused to support iiim.Mr. MtLxs would not vote for Mr. Gitjizx under any clicumslances. but be would not pursue that matter further, as Mr. GiiMxa was not now a candidate. Hewas not satisfied with names and emptypUcalionthat a^ the threshoM. Behire he could answer thethe law iutnexecution.' It wastherefore aa siss»regard to whom he would vote for, and when tbe geo; tleman from New-York went over to- the Republi- can nominee, and voted for liim, he was to Vom ex- and for the time )>eing, a Republican/and suchon suchalways to speak against tliem, and vote withsponsibilityorganizinglooked Interestbecause it was well known and understood that thesubject,turity,yieldOppositionthem if they were united, and they could imme-done upon the hypothesis that they are unequal, and to that they 'never will submit. This purpose was theyesterday, it would sbon receive, by a succession of formidable trials, a signal demonstration of its error. Despite these reflections, and with the best will toelect a It was,therefore, diately Spealkcr.brothers by will blood,theynowrefuseto throw theirOpposition as to wliich sUouM first go over and unite with theBsowN, and indorse tke Helper book. He said that Mr. difllculty we find in placing ourselves beyond our age, cbi, Sinori, Biancardi ol Coma, Paiiavicino.that handful of uien continue to maintain such a posi- tion before the country, refusing to unite with their party when it was a matter of demonstration that when they would do so they would at once organizeThecerely de.'^ir-.u« of comiK>sing the sectional strife for him. He moved to adjourn.Ifi[town, and must vliluge.sex, inv^o-the House !the consideration of any sensibie 'man- at tills mo- ment. In any part of tbe land. Lecompton had no more to do with the organization of this House than the Ctiinese war. He wouldSouth wss the igitntot— the old slory of the wolf and the lamb. Tiie Soutli did not interfere in the home af-Mr. CocnsAKi did not consider Mr. Riikolds in tbeLecomptonissue did not enter intounderstoodtne day. Do it without stint for theones ol the earth will bow before the millions tiBt can be spsrcd from your savings—before ttie million of armed citizens We shall see no longer oar;preceded tbe seizure, 1! Is reewvad. Theterms, allowingBut he was showing that the re-lan cities, asked at their "an.i..» evening parties,those elements which without them would largerAustria—let us cite the thatexample appertains to;be able totorgcrize.marked out for himsell. . A paper at Keesville had''conflagrationbad broken outamongstand patrietifiu for them tu lay a^idc their personallieved that the institutions of the which copied what purported to lie an extract from tbe up her own losses, has she any cause for congratu- the shippug in tbe noatUjg harbor. The dlip Senthem. If tbey were still Democrats and opposed to Republicanism, now was the time for them to show it in ihe only practicable mode. For himself he waa a little puzzled at their attitade. They were eitheragainurged proposition,home^the Republican Party;'' lie futmd the American Partyrcaclaed on the irth November, aiMl was imiaedlalely-vacUiating exercised to knowwhen the Americanwere solemnly appealed to to say whether or not they will save tlds Union of our our bretiirencal career down to the lastpracticing and unmanly.forefathers,policy licans shared in the;the calcula-a wma-examplethen lie willing to hear us speak for a few moments ?aoated fury, and the vessel is now a complete wreck,rested on the shouldersperfect personal con- they would findbrave,for notef those Anti-Lecompton men, Uho have voted neither good-;to stand upon in view of theground disorgan-anydanger,throw in tbe face of i.*in to oppress iis their superfluous oma-men and dread- which way to go, or theyreticence wtdch wasshould Why thpyshe was onhauled out into the harbor. Had the coolagraUaDand uncertain oftheyfairly, and then prove theirfaith by their works ?stood in tlie way, and he asked tham if tlicy were not wilUngtosuppose had a propositionsuch ^entjiiieiti-, aiKl '.,ciuit nut t.'i.it iie is restrained by bib friends, the gentleman from Oiiioprt-r,jout.fail, make, and he asked the atten- Antl-Lacoinpton tion of the House to it, for he made it In good faith,Mnuatethathe(Hicxaui)wasnotauAntlLecomp- puiiiated ton Democrat. He censured no man for idsall could tospread of the disiis.ler to other property. ^I%c odbra-earnestness and sincerity. If, after being three weary » eeks longer, they found it utterly impossible to or- ganize this House, why should not they follow theaccordingCocBBABi'B remarks, made the other day, he defend-ed the Americans from the charge of proscription,and in support of his position, [wluted to the fact ttiatthe Americans, last .\utumn. were the cause of elect-ing one-half the Democratic State ticket. He was truth days more than at any other time, amount the loss has not been ascertained, butof their brethren induty them appeal to the people. They professed toelectionthat proposition. Letu« have a dissolution of Par-last Fall election a body of patriotic men who ap-proached half way to the Democratic Party, andelected half the State ticket, lie congratulated his are forgeneralthroughoutthecountry.Sunday evening, by a man named Micbaxi Cox-andliament now, let us take the sense of the coun-ccUeague that thtui much was accomplished. He funds to recommence, if necessary, the war in the in altercation some days tiefore, and liie matterwas iand he would Republicans remaiaing here to gcotlefiicn on tne other side, that they greatlyto comeoat, ai a few of them had manfully done, spuming South. They were in a state of convulsion at the South. was opposed to the Administration. The Editor ofacce.itedstirring sightImagine a theatre al-himagain,wound. Comz lived about two hours. Bis bod; was brought to this city, where he bad friends, andunderrated the profouad feeling now existing at the ou^ht not to be. He wa^ speakingof facts-of what hatbis lime fatal in theabdomen,makingachoose, takeTheir own hands. They did not^care, therefore,one must do her justiceIn a way that made jone's blood run cold and thrillpursue, openlynotworth Wheneverunable to stand the test of experience.A great error must have slipped into our political the fire has not tieen ascertained. It Is sap-the Anti-Lecompton men should.\merican, opposeddoctrines; we must find it out; and whatever hurryspoDtaaeeuswhile betake the first responsibility be also thought the South-thoughtthe Kansas of the Administration, policymen's minds may be in at tliis moment to see them-ern Opposition would show aand patriotic spirit by acting for themselves. If theybysupportedmagnanimous, manlythis addressed at the moment by question, presentpartyprideto offer to the mediation of my contcm)xtrarie.« a few of those iaeas wliich doubt- less cannot be tiirectlv recorded in or in ar-patriotism.He lii<la.~lit>l wliat ill- intiintprotocolsticles of treaties, but v^ilhout VI hich it must needs ;>e iiaid treatic- a>3d protocol? are afr initio deatiislruck.England? Letshe listen t? a voice that hasMay never betrayed thebeen burnt down to thehaving water-line. Tbalilmcompton Democrat might have been elected.tlCBable, not only aa an exponent of Republican prin- views and convictions on all great questions that compton Democrat—for Mr. CiaBK, of New-York, nucleus around nhlch all national elements!coming together was to elect a Speaker, and they found the represeotsenthnents ofobjec- and to come here as the emtiodiment of thethe only represen'ativc here from the North as an embodiment of American sentiments, aSording a.nearness the ship,that the Bainfallean Party had norainatedamaacl|ilei,biit'paxtlciilarly obnoxious to those representing divide the country. Either they did so or they didit must have iieenMASSIMO D'AZEGLIO. that she is insured by American underwriters, but totheir corsUtuentsalone,trum that leads on toconvlneed, is the sacred iab- judgingthisthe sole judges ofRepublicanever tlieycountrymightwellaskwhowereresponsiblefortlie toindulgeinanyvainboastingorbrwadoasto what Mr.HicxMAK—Didyounotassumegroundpsr'ecUy friendsonthe;7 o Cock, tne_^one and another of theconservative members.TheMr. AnxAiK-Theymadeno nomination.O Israel '.":[Laughter.] oppositelarge. sheseemedinspiredwiththenoblefeelings that fromhisseat,astheprisonerbcgaii^°fiM.vnjtotheirdestiniesintobelow and exclaimedHow are goodlythy tents.lime ihe Court about adjourned,mi^ ^lADistrict. He had noprotest that they are not to be their form of Government could not be questioned. (Abxiui) and his cousiltui nts, or to make inquiries as ofdeparted. But was no' Revolution, and by their foiefatliers, and yet wheneverwss atogether. Democrat and nothing else. He had every- You will find it is the[Roarslaughter.]" ViveViTToaio EuHATirri,," resounded through the bouse!' be wookl —i irIicwoaUrightpeoplechaugerightflagindepend-stnifgle.'b^'^."?"^,. t,y «'-^?,'!L_"„'.,''n„Hh Khe w..m— tback towhereBejmbUeandootnnss, aims and purposes! If that rlght,tbey would have to appeal to the stem arbi- Democrat. He differed from tbe Republicans on thehim inrbtberlha*Democracy oppoaithe peopleof tbe South shouldattempt toexerciseproclaimedthat be was aapieces.not do It, go -M^l^^:evM Mount Holly (N. Y.) Jlimr, that on Thurstiay m"toofence; she walked about—."ihe .seized the flag—shethat thehomeAnti-Lecompton Democrats. Tliose gen- Union would have to be settled by the stern arbitra- Inference. Every man should take care of his own at the end of the road—as at a with the music in her hand, she made a scene of it, regularly acting it, and bad the stagejudgment the responsiblUty restedUnion. But thequestionof a dissolution of theconcert,proceeding tow aids ilie dooras '^^^'^^ible,they could do in theevej-cof a dissolution of thetoMr. AnaATK said Mr. HicxjfA*r had not made a fairparty. They claim to hold the It was exerrlied by every free people In every part of to how he came by a seat here. If he was ac:»ptable land wherefaith, from which they say the the world. It was exercised by our forefathers In their to the Americans and Republicaas, it was because he and lamb lie downenergy, and sar.g with a fire and soul, that produced an efic-naka war npoa tbe North, bat because, being alien-J!?B|"»';«.^?perU,for at thewoid*. "Andof racy,Rrpablicans. That was his eoBoioa saoae view of suggeattea that If the eighteen milUouof Nortbem tbiee Sonth Amcrieaas here ready to vote for a Dem-myself so moved, and soe.Acaabtad withbut as br aa regarded tbeae Antl-men who liad not yet voted far tba Ra- all tbe land, if they did deluge tbe whole land AaaaiB ismaiked that the Soatheriipolltleal aflhiity -,LecoBptonpubUcan candidate, tbay were at this moment respon- sible for the non-organiiatlon.Mr. HxaKCf, of NeK-Tork, (AnU^Lccompton Dob.,)eaad. If Ihcy did carry fire and sword throaghoatlOB V M IS • 4 S 16^i .'only begun. askedifthoeaganllsmenwhohadTotadforlb.Ust- State,buttbeydidnotboldit.readywith thespecialprocedureIntrodacedbytbelawoit 28,I8I>. TberaplTtothatehaisoisvenailvts;^Kias,ofTennessee—who.InU»ipeaebtatlkvoreftba admission of Kansas in the last Coagiass, took strong ground in favor of American prindplea—were not by the nme ressoolog to be regarded as Anwrlean.ties. He eocld make a choice and a betweenthedevilwitch. (Laughter.] If the Anti-Lecomptoaltes have a choice, let them come to the scratch and vote for aof tbe law at liM to exist, having been abrogated by tlie < of the 17th Febraary, ISSa. Tbe fmeaters ol the Press now come under Omsubjecied exclusively to tbe foiau i of the code of criminal instrtum<Bl. MhcisLwith blood, burn down every hamlet, aad destroy all their crop*, they would then find that tbe war badMr. ofMr. Qnarles, of Teaaessee, (Amer.) Mr. Davis, of., precantions conaeef- ed with tbe Press, errors have appeared vrtildi It is very important to correct Magistrates have baea re-that in thisgreat crisis,'people,Congressionalelection.usages,institutions,upTliecravingcountry rcOnjoyThe British once overran tbe aoil of bis InformatlaD. He wasto make a choice between Mr. ofIndiaaa,(jUitl-I«eomptonDem.)... Gilmer, North Carollaa, ( Amar.)No on earth powerooald bold In sntoectlon by slasdlBg arBlca any por- tion of tb4 Angla-Saxoa people. The thing waa sim- ply aa absQsdtty. Would they keep a standing armycandidates of theMr. Houstoa, of Scattering.Adjourned.(Dem.) ^^^proachedarbltiarllyvloUtlna thelegnlailiBLaf Marevery pointany portlen of the Aiurlcan people cotild be held Intlenan from Ohio (Mr. Cox) said the othertt.Wbtaa adiuic«d to-day a Teiy uiuible pro- not. For one, fie would latbei vote far aa AmerlcaB tub)ocUon aa Aoatila bald Lombardy and VenetlaT had not been for Baovs's raid Uie Southern Opposi- The Newsand sreto tfae'Bonthem States into submisxloa, whipthat such a remark was without foundationpossibleto use the courteous pbrace of the New-York Cttwrierpiotested In fact.oud reproach'^ founded* on asncb calcnJatlon, did not every man see that It was not practicablef Iftheattemptvrasmadetosnhdoethe South it would result in a war so calamitous, so ter- rible, that the parallel of it never y«t bMted tbe pagespagesand established with their life-blood were the greatte.'egraphicoftiefore the world on the impartial record of his- tory, and take the Judgment of the nations of the earth,of the North declared that deliberatelyor nine wasmade licanmembersowetheirelectiontotheAmericantions of the most statesmen have tiecn enlightenedandBut saving.theUnionwasopposition. EightRepub-rifice to the element. The casse of devouringthe course oi the South would be and shecould {ilain,face the world in arms. Justice and honor would beelement.He came there as anposed by some to have origmaiedBoaaaii,Mr. Cox, of Ohio, expressed the hope that the gen that potak as It would not be chivalrous' to attack aBan wbaahe could have noMr. Msfsa There is no need of attacking tbe gen-UeBaaMv. Icanattackhimatanytime. (Laogta-Tv-Mr. Amus was ha favor of the election of a Speak-•< cation—books, journals, and polilical panmkleis wKh.ofterms of peace were very soon proposed. Did er a Baiorlty of votes, but would vote for the;history.Mr. Asxai:!, of New-Jersey, (AnU-Lecorapton number to return himown number. The goiillcmun from Pennsylvania, (.Mr. HlcxilA]*,);iuch furiousr.essspeedilyby "five Antl-Lccoiiiptjn dc snowej >.x;rcmc scisilivi-the tlToTis av:tUabie Cor arrestlnf^vote. Every man ought to vote tatesafhisownjudgment,andashebelieveslie can best carry out tbe principles on wh ich he was elected. He should have been glad If Mr. 1Iickhi.>i had not so soon gone over to tho Republicans, for an Anti-Le-A suf- ficient number of votes can be given to an .\nti-Le-for in our ofthe truth we feel from the character and ofRepublicans made no nomination. chose to Theyearlycame here and found a man in nominallen for thathigh office, who liad ignoratly«nd innocently, or not>recommended tlie circulation of ao vile and airo try. The people were aroused upon the great iasues should always feel grateful to his political opponents atked them to be not merely half-way Democrats, but* Spring. These are most successfuldoaaabook, It was not strange that they shouM de tliat distract the country more than they tiad been for the support they gave blm in 1858. He diifered such as be was. auiwer the call on them with the most eager alacrity.:'.ML. Fromwhatwecan been )eam, the hadstirredno*,to see one's restoredand un- heart, and no room ought to be left In It for the baie instincts of hate and vengeance.that the truest men andor ihflicted often fills up long intervals of time, which dispatches, and by a person claiming reason, as well as the Christian law, might haveDec. 17. excitement was cansed here this morning by an alarm of fire and Ihe con-of Americanto the Constitution which our fathers framed to be bis constiluent. He had endeavored to prevailAn;politicalOppoaitioaaat vote for a Democrat. If that was tme, he had Boeoek,Mmut€vr..organizeand had no as to the result Mtus, that would lead to a diiaolution of the Union. ItalyWasAaglf>-Saxonrare1 ButbebelievedtheSouthwaaim-Europe to rush Into complications, tbe Issue of whichappreheasloBof aay armed invaiion of her territory. Some enlle-tions that surround her.Sad experience has shown what an acenmolatioa of:<'',i/•''KllAaii- —pregnable'When the House cannot lie organized except by the pturalMy rule, those who do not vote for it are faction-the most audacious attacks on the pria«lHB ef. property, might be distributed to the extent oflMta copies, and addressed with impunity to tka 'IVHMwas an elector for Fiuhou and Doaauoa, aadthat he was a strenuous advocate of American prin-ciples, and'he would like to know whether, ia tlie terous that tbey di' missed it with a smile, but were ists aad dlKrganlzers. The Anti-Lecomptonites ments whiek has prevailed for a long series of years of the multitude. Tbe evil was already insaBE,men seemed to think the talk of disunion so prepos- opinion of the gentlemen fircm South Carolina, a revolutions and changes of forms of Government to aevils has beenlahoald not be as as was on the subject ofpolltlcal \»hich Itcivillied races, and there wsstoimpo-^sible in this country. Why should sensible, paSthaara distribution, aU wilihigi treating of political matters, or of social aeeMakr.pages print rrl^'rii,of therevolution with T levitysaid theoverlook the true ends andHe was accustomed to investigate first principles, andparty rally- ing lams, which would avail no more in times of ex- citement to allay agitation or give confidence to theorganizes,will encounterhuman is about to be antlipniies,putin athe nations thatnothingnted that tbeand It deserved to die, aad whenfor to-monow,** Happily, the brilliantporposaspbiels frombe|Dg exhausted before the magistrate eaidA^ patyetgo merlyMr. Cuax, of New- York,ture to like the say,July27,1849,de- as bad been declared. The Lecompton ConsUtutiott waa dead,LecomptonIssue Isdead,before or any publicationpeople, than woald the bleating of dumb animals. forned whether the Democratic Party of the House upon to give their solemn decision but here it is im- ;WlMn any Government, no matter how admirable possible to divest one's self of a feeling of apprehen-Its bow nerfect its bow intend to resist the ^ipllcation of Kansas for admis- sion offence,,''-,foimatioo, theory, glorious eioD. That is a material;which affects the ac- pute is to be pronounced at the moment preciselytheincuipatkaof which basfo IkBand endearing its associations, failed to fulifil itsgreat mission, its legitimate ends and purposes, afrecwhen the most the most proceeding,completed by ihctofpobHate.porary Speaker,appropriationsingspeople; is.onlyonthiscondition. The ofthe:andtions of theto their constituents on theThis is sudden impulse, but of long-con- tinued and careful observance of the aggressions offare ofWere tbe modernwar. and in thisous,—then, 1 say, they gave to the character ofappealEurope.day.He made thatpropositioninnot the resultmind,proudits conquests,Ifvenience and personaltofaith.theymerelytrue basis tbe publicaggressions nations; if, having reached so high a degree of ma- riotlsm, which according to history bears wit-eminently appropriatetime to takeGaribaldi te the I.adlea ofGen. Gabibaldi bas just addressed tke isUow-of and no one would plenty objections,for the sake of the Union, but their expulsion frombody, great ques-now to thesothe present opportunity to escape for esfcib-point tion uf all Anti-Lecomptonites,has been aandintelligentpeoplewouldsubmitnolongertoits Mr.Dtaciitti,ofVirginia,(Dem.)repliedthatthe fortheground.inanardentstruggle.rule. Tliat was a characteristic oi our race, for we parpoee of those with whom he acted would be made We are sometimes astonished, in the calm of his-warned, and if the woik which had been temptn'arUjMr. Beigo>, of New-York, (.\raer.,) wished to define his position. He had been itssailed by private lettersBesides, outrage elicits outrage, blood demands BnrnlDS Ief tbeBuiTOL, (England,) Satlitday,tosubjoinimportance.governed by1814 ;Jall came fiom nearly the same stock. He known when that question comes before the House. torical meditations, at the blindness with which the prohibited be published, proceedings areprettycontended that tbe South had an He to allude to the resolutions imauimous- indisputable right proceededto change their form of government, and were ly passed by the Virginia Legislature, requesting themeaibers of Congress from that State to unite with the conservative element in the House for the purpose of defeating the election of a Republicanholiest minds and most characters have been nauaMcT, upright the matter is laid before the Correctional Foltee, ^^^tstruck during the most critical circumstances. In justice secures respect for the la*impatience howthe sense of the people of the country-. If they coald Speaker. Those resolutions reflect the public sen- evils and for grasping the good within their reach.and reply by force to any rlolatlon of them.goingholyit were tocountry to the excitement and expense of a general the common Territories of the nation can only be andif its work of to-day should resemble its work of ar.d Carthagenian women. Weil, these ladies,these women, worthy of the times of andeai Italy,the election i:nlc8s some great object was to be accom-to the fascinations ofyouth, ness to us of the valor of tlie Rnm-ii. Spartan,but if they nere aU.to resign and go home',he believed the new Congress which would be re- only object for which the Republican Party was submit to impartial reason our thought and our lan- fupetfluitles into the balance for the redemption of turned would be able to organize the vary first formed. The Republicans indirectly indorse Joa^i guage,-we do not conceal from ourselves the extreme Italy t Ihe ladies Cairoli of Pavia, Martinez, Oeor-plishedhour It assembled. Was the condition of thesuch as to call for this extraordinary remedy 1 Ir-crei'.ulobsgentlemenhhocouldnotbclifcretherewas andtiusmto.lashandsstainedwithtliebloodofourfairs of ihe Nririh, delivered no lecturescustoms, andsent no incendiary letters or emissaries to rouse the tion to proceed tu Election, as poor men against the bloated aristocrats. The South parliamentary.attackingtheircountryabove our most and deep-seated feeiinusSpetl, in heart ia the Are there not thousands of women, like the Verri, CasanI, Haategasza, Araidl,was proposed to elect as our President. ingofthetcmp€St,norseethetreesofthedistantmoun* HemightbePresidentfortheNorth,butneverfortheis good, which is just, and therefore that which is use-whowouldnothearthedistantmoan- citizens,it tain peaks struggle In the gale, who sneer at the talk o' South.Adamtlo, who will Lonielliul,Mr. Jomr Cochxasi, of New-York, (Dem.,) said that the Democrats were not yet prepared to vote for a Speaker, as Mr. Ccaar is confined to his bed througha holocaust for the redemption of this whichwhose entire destruction it resulted, was a fine Amar- political evil and a social ulcer, were unwilling to that he (Bbisos) said he was with the Republicans, up with such obstinacy, as they are of a nabrre to ican-Luilt ship, belonging to a New-York firm,sheallow them to attend to their own disease. That was who took liim at his word, and elected him. The prove to her its wisdom and opportuneness ! 'The of some l/tCOor 1,500 tims burdea. A day beforewhat the Southright(GuGGS) would scorn to violate any honorable pledge.complained of. They said to the We do not want your doctrines ; let uswith upwards of l,UCU tons of steam-coal on board. When off the Mumbles she encountered the foil furyher crew were obliged to cut away her masts and let Whig roused by tbe terrible wamlnes which facts have them go overboard. Even then rbc was for a longposition was known to everv man, wo- man and child for the last twenty years. He was for-of the temrest,hich snapjjed her yards and spars,in 1SS»' he was elected as thetitle deeds, should scrutinize their validity, and tliat.a Whigdelegate to the Syracuse Conventionfied there was a conspii^cy to annihilate that party,;butin conclusion he bis believ- he remained at That was the first known of true goal? Let diplomacy not delude itself, the uni- enabled to put into Bristol for repairs, which port sheHe was not long hesitating, and con- He traced his politi-but he ar; Coavris or PsIfM^<;TOfl—men of iiitttojtal viev\,i—but not any one of those who could indorse the sentiments of Mr.the dangers of the pre.*wnt,Democrati." Buttliatallefibrtsshouldthenness,andseemedtoiIiUiahe(Aiieain)intcuJt-atoin-IIri.i-rp.*3bor.k-Jlrhrluvrdthat."fr.Shermanrc-outFt»iriu»iI:.'t-Tn^»tuhcoumroinlcii.i-toryi.tdtWciebivfe.elantdhaMtithe-apparent-thatthevesselmintbescuttled,andthatto in tils Dis-in thecombustion of tbe steam coal, while others asaigaThe flames at first brokefotth from the fore hatch, and with such sod- deni ess and violence that it was not without difiicuity approach- to Europe, "What is your practical solution?"-1 that the members of the crew sleeping on board of Dem.,) said he yesterday spoke of the five Xnti- ed him, to ask him to abandon any policy or principle shallbeltlLJly permitted, when wc are striring to lier HCre got out uninjured. Sl:orily afterwaid, tbaunto her, and he believed the God of battles also be on her siOe.Americans, and here. None had everit to of the gaiiev. overheatingwouldtrict he was nominatedby Republicans. Ills party was not sufficient inpublic opinion to every writer .'peaking about ItalyLccompton Democrats on tills floor, who had cast he had ever maintained. He never had said he would jirevent tbe errors oi the past from becoming again outei^olium tbe main batch, and ascended withsupjiort him in prclcrciice to ids competitor, aad hefrom Mr. BucuAit.AN on ter/itoriiil policy, but that was altogether, National concerts are given everywhere. The one stopping, and invited liim out, wben he stabbed bira inrefusingtta party gag and the party lash, and repudiate and It mattered not to argue whether they ought to Le, or the Amtrican. at Trenton said he' and Mr. Rioas had Mr. CocHKAKX responded that the purity of the fear for the solidity of the building. Theeondamn that book, it should not fall to concentratethe consenratlve side, of the House against that party knew to be true. It was useless toTherefore their natural opposition to the Republican that the great mass of the SouthernParty had Iwen Intensified by the peculiar condition In a state of terril>le Inilignation and tremendous ex- Mr. HicxHAir, of Pennin^lvanla, (Anti-Lecompton) esterday. 4,fie used tolation of the House t Th0 Democratic Party placed was In nomination a gentleman conceded to be em- Hisimpos5ibIeto human evidence. Republican than Democratic votes ? prove anj-th;ng by.who were in search of the truth.the Barnburners of New-York, [laughter,] for theyignorejMr. HICU.VK—Did the Republicans field?givebeelling cliff, fiou. Kbich they looked down on plains "Court-room where his trial was shesangwithherlittle voice P!lri«on.to interfere with himmen in the the centre, each holdingAnti-Lecomptonand will save theuse of the tcrai proscrlpiive tn spealiiog ef the Ciaad Duke been ia Florence that night bis Ufe to chain imn to tiie *«"•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled DocumentCocHXAKi whether hethe Dufl'alo Platfonn ?1 ever beheld.most as large as SL George's HaU, Liverpool, cram-[Laughter.]med—crammed to an extent that almost created abeen consistent in the Ir votes here, and that neither Democratic Party could bear even that—btit let me singers were of tbe first order, and entered was buried Jan.the fact the Republicans nor Democrats could have any faultadvise thepests of the past, and advance to where calm and services gratis. The enthusiasm of the public passedCo.'9, Arch-street,waa un-aad as for mj self, I thought tbey would have devoured is now in jail at Litchfield. He will be eiaaoineflaeit of at&irs. Who were responsible for the non-orguii- citement. If that C'Ulu not be demonstrated, then it Dem.,) asked whether Mr. Ai'Kaih received more nounced what moUEtains had to tie scaled, rivers me. Their shouts, cries and recalls were enough to Saturday, on a charge of auox^ei.—ilartfoni Ti^ee*peoplewere now to find.all boundsall wereapplauded d outrunce ; and,married. CoNSEi. waaarrestedthesameevening,He sideoftheattendancewasunusuallymade anHouse to reformwithemotion felt it orappeal;and,to biswhether she really prevail at present" Instead of merely singingnot,J-y*",-,,any epotlsEgypt. [Laughter.] You may find the promised tossed her little head and arras about with an?Oh, you will not find the flesh-petsarranged,'•od^JXfcm^noerUuung his side. Af-principles are found, and where the lionof Democracy which pervades,Union. HedidnotknowhehadIndies, even men, sobbing with eaKmon. Had the" o';%lj|^j»,^^rofollowsNecessary to a choiceForMr. Sherman, of Ohio, (Xepk)cbaroiln, The FroehlAwaaftkaPraM.interests of hu- Mr. IIicxva:) claimed the floor, in order to move manity. Far from wishinj; to justify it, we condemn Isame position as Mr. Cixsr, politically.Gosrelit ; nobler will usi.spirations help to get rid of it.he plurality rule.socialheart-burnings, made no appeals to the passions of Mr. HorBiojr, of .Ma'iama, (Dem.,) regarded the the fullness of lis r'ghts. the love of its itWependence, children uposed to the massacres of battle-fields their laboring classes in times of pressure and want course of Mr. Hicemas. in ofliering to amend the mo- these are sentiments quite great enough to fill the and God v^iil biess our most holy work.:ev«^„OneIsstrucksterilityoftheefforts madeVirginia, 4 Dob.)Tlie newspapers bronght by theconfnahm readily unravelgd. Tbe rigimf'iBo- ktniam, at Portland, reached this City at an earlycan bePress is applicable to three distinct UaHgenerated by this system of postpone-ofthe peace of Villafranca, and also the dignified andDill, in explaaatfaa of tfe innovation, "topot anead totka of Goremment. ended. The English bill, which passed both crisis, when any delay will become not only a crime powerlettness of lustiee, and to preveat Bam-for admission made as soon as the HifuseKansas, which will bebycampaignNapolsoh III.,its irreversiblestand^t the head of ChrisUan civilization are called18W Imniisisl uii publication of political pamphlets. The aatanepronouncejudgment;the decree wliich wUi arbitrate in so great a dis- themaintaSadinoIheat of battle, is certainly tbe lot of but a few Ingto the ladies oflishipgon,itsrightof Cliristian thisepochthebrilliant stamp of female nat-thatweThe moral sentimentput HnXjWheiaweaned from it.for at the present day, both for Govern-on the way the Interest of tliat ments and institutions, isolation is death. firm,in themost virtuous minds feel the urgency of not lingering-,which threateu the general tranquillitybap ThursdaTavanincselves in of facts—boirever natural be presence mayposition totloral which the luw of guaranteethe-journals than to books: itoflsrsmon action, to endeavor, as far as in us to ha- owing 10 the coals l}ing above the tratarilae, sat lies,luence, each by the means at his disposal, those reso- several hours elapsed before the Sea BeUt eottU 'betolutions that may be declared laws. May Europe sunk any depth. Meantime the fire raged with aa-being openedGAaiBAUii, to supply him withpartiesI gentleman to forsake the miseries and tern" into the spirit of the scene, of-coursc giving their anand is lndustrious.-pe8ceahle young man. Hebelter breezes blow. (Laughter.] It bad been an-pavsed, and midnight darkncs« penetrated, by those bewilder me. But theto a frantic pitchcriesolGAaiBAXJu,"*'Vive -;victory.thoughtletter fromIn each town throughout the country subscriptionsprivateFlorence contains the fol- :great feature of the evening was little Picooioicisi, who, with her usual tact, weU knowing an Italian audience, refused to sing anything but the national hynin,wrltten fortne occasion, secur-'IJaiuS.A Dksfebati; Mi'BD«bkk.—'We'; for the sceirjngiylast Sundaywith the chorus at the back, and two he was seized;people!IIwork at O. repreeentedascxceptisaal procednra'in sasiailSuch' hasresult of those errors, we ask ourselves with a icind of lar and fa:thfui execution of Art 7 of tbe law of Jal»iit was that the men of sueha period did not jierceive the simple and eflicaoious means that were ready at hand for avoiding great27, 1M9. "T^may keep solelyTbis dilncuity is doubled for an Italian, who for ments, their jew els, their hair, their cfiiidrsn ema assonaiiiy,inviewthat mnlchlul to the weal.thoseVIhnuthey do love it in (he land of Italy, has day after been racked with never-ending torments, and what is yet more intoierabie. has felt upon his brow the brand marks of its humiliations.What is the use of concealing It ?feeling is neiher that of a reasonable lieing nor of aof wtiom we feel One lail)', titen. one woman of every Itallaa city,neouslygreatcalamities in thePagan world,properlyiIpowerfulOurUood boilsourselves worthy ?IAnd yet tnisdayfill up a blank which bad beenpointed out, that the Legislative Assoabfr iiBdaeadlar, as soon as it has been ord<:-redmagistrate, but it Is not definitely Mto ibe wayincreasedthe rankseftheIt- erating army with the yoang, the and ilHostri-tlieyprinces, but desires to be placed on the suae footing, and to take its scat by the side of the other nations afinvite the fairv^ho are our and Europe, sisters,mustsay to all the restlars t»r tjetscs, (it is not yet come to that,) but ofer:unusualetcruation was not a little heightened wtien it becaaiewtore her canvas to ribands, and so strained her tliat.'not. ,-i:u.' iiMiJ .-illmany what extent is not known..MntDEB IN WlKFIED, Cl.—EDTVAED COmi, 1 young man 22 years of age, was murdered in Wlnstedsettled. But about 6 o'clockevenmg, Co^^xL calleo at a place where Corras wasS. Lt^coLH &t-erinin the crowd and confusion, he bad He wasdoor, before the di.-coverywhen iM-»*^ without aof his trial, twoTVlUlBi oUlaatiai for Ikethousimds. It isItaly.akenm him in irons.. mk22www.fultonhistory.com 