 tuJ-peuj>4; *CWlB'nStatoeto,•a LnrtU roM-ni -Xb»| » * J U) . » •ictiaftas*ill ! O K « f .ad 'aedThe P n B B fconferred upon him - Healoe said we em engaged on a great-subject and a most important mat whattheresultmaybe. Matit may turn outto glory of Sooth Carolina is m y fervenprayer. May God help the State. I reelto theduties of presiding over a body iifce this. Iheve longsinceleftdeuberativebodies. Imoat askroarin- dulgence for what I m ay be wanting. *I said I hadhillswithoutthe niggerinthem ness. Agreed to. • m ^The bin tocarry out the existing treaties betweei thee, Mataa-ga, Htxsr- ...u.:t>i a nd fu«l» , rbarto- jf. Jackst: i^wia^H. rah \A. o!'.so *i iritvant; Aiinada,ri*-1 "<14 ueford, BI-KUMT*.Honuud'ta^mfce*. .-tf,fromlifts,H»l- r , H e n r y , iandKa-pler*n%a HMet- :>;.r * va- fc*N.pe-.»iff, .'•.JfQ•*.I.'til."Mlfc..rtc Sid ttrqalagl£hse*p-sM uuta,•York. 'lltier*..<cX, .Newi t r e C i t y ,Teaoea- .,/erpool; J<iiHS-r >; •uple«, -,» (•<*,HL»rd» •carWanbar <*/)»* ' it*. HrlgnM.ic»rch, *, HaTre; i',Banie, •villi, H ii-;i - •>.Bri,K*o a«n l»r- I kV Hall, tvrinB. My, Wax-tranberg. J; Nauu-rleaa*, (I M -.•--, II er Marey, .1. Hearl- [. Kline* W.kshing-H udgtaa,.ii. Haiti- lier, Eltt-mw r< il' ;-1'Ul rj r, trie, fruaa »tia<i*tA,eiandrta. unla. :1.-od vtae- HotveU, f.rB*M-ur Pbiio *, liard- srfor *»; .jiute. O a- 'aahSum, • Bostonfur Near L H En- key, Kail BO. e'oofc, a for dent\>unec- A LoVOU. ort. Cld'-..[•'ift',M Mayo, kid tdtip* L. Poster, ipire Br>m pat i" »e» ', for Bar-aary Ke!~ veral e»»l-t, Jones,laerftbbla. Ai-SVd •ii John*s* TI have the highest authority forasserting that Mr. claredUnconstitutionaL seven. Messrs. Grow, Blair. Covode and Hickman were the coin has notoffered Judge Bates, of Missouri, the positionatent)which was confirmed, about one-third <>(the Senators law, or any act, that would humiliate or dishonoranycourse The venerable statesman seemed much af section of this country, or any individual in it; but, on would be satisfied, and I think tbe Senator from TUxas•uaerf far mr rtroo a a s• Skai«». *rtetbo-«te, frosnray. York.vpp:yforiCO*More than twenty of theclerks undersecretary Thompto-day. It is represented that they have gone earnestly son are said to bo on leave erf absence, and are in the upon others as I would be to submit to it myself. Ib yATin nine cases out of ten, and they risked their lives iftbey made the attempt. He thought the law no more government There te where it comes. W e do not liketirrtjltd efi oehaMf>tut church at twelve o'clock.aft noon. Sfcr a prayer, Gon. D.V.J. H. Anasw, mm w## appointed* •fore, this calumny is removed from us, so far as the state-lOOhTINUIU) UN QGHTHtA6K-]esft. MMI••BsafcWJWV9MW AW^sJ* ms^JV»•Hi NAIWilLTROUBLED,18,1880.PRICK TWO CENTS.Organiiationo ft h e•%*»**»%**»••Soothup a Southern paperbusiness, but peaand teFth«n*to reVarnT And*whaTto the Sir,youecseefrom Ohio,sadtheydet iaqaire what'ADJOURNMENT TO CHARLESTON. iiMwyw>i*<w.vws%vw¥their'his administra He moved toamend accordingly.mmrnmmcwam&mam.nothmgtosay. my feelings.leant anyanything.Icant expressbefore attempted to bribe thorepublican party by his isdhmous offers, is saidtohave%tained a $2000 draft from aprominentMr. BAI-ASD, (opp.) ofDel.,objected tothe entire bilLAtoneo'clock,Mr.Powell's,(opp.)ofKy.,resotatioa wastakenup.%-AdebateontheouestiontoadjourntoCharlestonen- sued,Mr.Miles speaking strongly against andMessrs. Keitt and Inglis in favor.miseline;endfourth,the Territories into States should not have beenintroduced at a lt AQ these propositions were presented, on Wednesday evening. xwhenthere seemstobeunusualexcitement,Ihave very little faith in the efficacy of any argument, but Imustsay,wheninthis verychamber,wherewehave all raised our hands to heaven and took an oath that we would sustain the constitution of the United States, we bear it said bymany Senators that we are upon theViolent Seetfeni Speech of Seaator Wade, of Ohio.The Convention voted to adjourn to-night and meet in and they were rejected after a free and calm conversa- Chagrtgen at four P . M. to-merrow. tion and consideration. Messrs. Bigier and-HickmanThis evening Attorney General Oackfwas confirHMrPALLIATIVEPROCEEDINTHEHOUSE <M>b,cf Georgia; Elmore, of Alabama, and Hooker, ofchamber patiently, and with an ardent desire to as- the jafl fees, eternal slavery stares htm to the Ihce. hnoThurlow^ V S A A A A P "^WWMWW%A^"»^V\I^^»Mississippi, to address t h e Convention a t seven o'clock this evening. Carried.mech as itgave an undue representation in the Senate, for with s population of half a million the Territorie; would have the same representation as half a denen o. -charge,istajgedofforthevacancyupontheSupra beu«h. The opponents of Cashing argue that New land ought net to have two judges upon that bench.wfaattheywere. ButIconfessIamunableto what it is of which they complain. The parWhich has lately elected t h e President, a n d is pros Cly coming into power, have never held office un-a monstrous law, revolting to the neatfeetiagsOf hai Itis ty,aad to conflict with the oooatstatJaa Of ttotStates. I don't say this b y way of recriaitaitao. Ithe excitement pervading thecountry, sad I do not withna, Klta- i The Personal LibertyBillsDe- The Convention took a recess from half-past five to the old States. «ltinMra;thjs government, nor any individual of them. There- to add a single coal to the same. Nevertheless, I wish it is manifest that that party has a s y e t commit tod the whole truth to appear. Then. what te it t You have which anybody can complain. If anyone has the whole legislation of the country; you own the What may hereafter ensue, tbey are mere a p Cabinet and the Senate, and J may add you own the Pre-Weed's Organ ( the Crisis.the people—which Mr. Lincoln will consult in making h is Cabined—points to a Pennsylvanian for the lnteriorship.tarn io tl men here, | any poHticf stitutionwbether w e are right, for I tell gontle- can convince m e that I a m holding that is not warranted by the con- which w e live, or trenches on theirSouthern menriseupandcomplainoftheactionofthe government. I have already shown it Is impossible to point out anyoects of which the republican partyhas been guilty o r which yon con complain. Therefore, ]SKKTCHOFCOLONELFRANCISW.PICKENS. iwitt Basdy,theliuiswppi Umunisuosfrto Colonel Francis W. Pickens, who hasjust been elected GovernorofSouthCarolina.isanativeofthatState,andSenator Wade-'sspeechwaslistenedtobyahimmense audience, and was interrupted twice by applause from thegalleries:oncewhenSenatorGreenputinafavorablefollowing the example of Mr.Buchanan and others, ashewould be beset by the offlceseeking vultures before theheads of bis departments were named, inaugurated andwill redr*ssiman need afment is to benow.andeverslialr^hjpre,that sense of justice that when any man shows malam wrong. 1shall be ready Jolarylasd,iiBaltimore,isaboutfiftyyearsofage. Hehasbeeninpubliclifefur -outherninterrogatory,andagain when Wadespokeofready to asssine their respective responsibilities. Hisrepublican friends sustain him in this determination, and right it without threat compromise. Now, what is it constitutiony 1 tell you nay." There is no principleAc.,I K MH TH c j a s u i i s s s i s m s s .•W^«^>***^»%^|W|^M%—l»W»*the last twenty years, and represents his native State in Congressfrom1835to1845.duringwhich period heen- joyedtheentireconfidence ofhislouetituents,andwas r e g a r d e d a s o n e o f t h e l e a d i n g s p i r i t s i n t h e n a t i o n a lthe natHiiMl capital falling info the hands of Northernersheld to-day by the great republican party that has not hadthesanctionofyourgovernment formorethansev enty years. You have changed your opinions; w e stand whereweusedtostand. We standontheslavery qeee tionintheplaceformerly occupied bythemost reveredac.,etc.andthenagof To fly'ng from thedome. precludesallpossibiltyofadjustment.Thespeechnonebutimnrorticables,whowishtoinvolvehiminnew complicationsSTwhohave axesoftheirowntogrind, b e l i e v e o r s u g g e s t o t h e r w i s e .of which gentlemen coi theWesttocometothi contented. Iheardoft h e r e w a s n o c a u s e t o i n legislation. Ididsot1>r When I left m y home in allwascalm,cheerfuland content,andapprehendedt h e h a r m o n i o u s c o u r s e o fOrganisationeftheCoaveBttoxi,aadS«b-t r q v r a t A d > o u r n m r » t t o Claa\rle*ton o n the whole country, for there is no disguising the fuctfootinthiscitytoinduceMr.Lincolntoannouncehis views before the 4th of March is not true. The reptibli- cans are opposed to any such policy, believing that what-everhemaysayinthefuture will begarbledandmisrepresented, just as what he has said in the past hasbeen. HISviewsarebeforethecountry. Iamascertaint h a t M r . L i n c o l n w i l l d o n o t h i n g i n a d m i n i s t e r i n g t h egovernmenttedestroyorinanywaytoimpairtheterri-torial policy MM down in the Chicago platform as I am ofanything excWag. This fact might as well be known country. Now, who is it that is complaining? Is itthe minority that they have subjected to an oppressive first as last, ntthere istheslightest donbt anywhere on and aggressive government? No such thing as that,onWednesdayorThursday.and great public rejoicings when the actis consummated.T h e C o n v e n t i o n w i l l m e e t i n I n s t i t u t e H a l l , n o w c a l l e d ctocsssionHall-cfL:m*shavirgoccurredduringthenullificationexcite- ment, which, as it is particularly illustrative of his cha- r a c t e r , d e s e r v e s t o b e t o l d h e r e . A t a m e e t i n g th<» r e - markwasmadethattheoccasionwasonethatmightex-Mr. WAJ*: said h e understood the Senator to SHVSO. and the subject. I speak what I know, if I know what de sir. W e might suppose that eighty-four years ago, when he understood the grievance to be that the Chief Magi?A written invitation from th e Legislature to th e Con- vention to participate at the inauguration of Governor at twao'clock,waslaidonthetabletilltheConvention organisedMr. Davis, of Mississippi, announced to the House tins. fteraoon that he could notyield to the deman is madein the Committee upon theSouth, and asked to be ex you what I suppose it is. Idonot so much blamethe lic sentiment from England, France, Germany orTheenrollingofthenameswasthencontinued. The outside attendance at the Convention Is small..used, andtheHouse excusedhim.Senators Cameren and Bigeler and twenty throe demo-people of the South, beoiuse I think they have been led Italy, or a n y other civilised nation on God's earth. I to believe that we,to-day thedominant party, whoare tell you frankly y o u will never find a community w h o about totake thereins of government, aretheir mortal aie in love with your peculiar institutions. Now, theail cairn and on impassioned.In the Legislature nothing is transpiring in eithercratic and republican members composed the meeting of foes, and stand ready to trample their institutions under Senator from Texas told us that cotton was King andthe Pennsylvania Delegation to-night. foot. They have been told s o b y our enemk-s a t the North, could overrule, by its influence. (I do but use his words) and they would not hear us at ail. Now, I wish to and compel men to come down—that it had subjects mThe House to-day adopted resolutions endorsing the inquire ' candidly, honestly and fairly, whether Euiope. I will say to that Senator that tbey are ref clock.Thereishardlyadoubt about the analpox beinganwhen tbey are really informed as to our position. TheNorthern democrats have said w e have Personal Libertybills in some few of th e Northern States, which wouldsomehow trenedi upon your rights to recapture runaway footstool. It Dever will be done. But have our SoutberBa*.Therewillbeilluminationshesaid,wouldadministerthegovernment asitwasad- ministered by Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Jackson a n d P o l k , a n d i n t h e s p i r i t a d v o c a t e d b y H e n r y C l a y o f blecsedmemory. Secessionismwasdenouncedastreason,theleadersofthatgloriousRevolutionmetinPhiladel- phia, there to draw up a bill of indictment against a w e a k k i n g a n d h i s m i n i s t e r s , t h e y h a d b e e n a t a l o s s whattheywouldsetforthasthecamseoftheircomplaints. Bst they had no difficulty in setting ihem forth, and so that great article of impeachment will go down to pos-trate,withthenewerofgovernment,couldd«awaywith slavery in ten sears.withtheintelligenceofitsconfirmationbytheSenate,be epidemic here. It also prevails at Camden. A general said to his faithful old servant:—•tampede from Columbia may be anticipated, and then i be disease m a y spread over the State.COIXMBU. & C . Dec. 17,1860. The Convention had four ballots for a permanent"Now, Tom, I have been appointed as Minister to Russia. It is a very cold, a very bad climate for you. On n y way there I'll have to pass through the State of New York and also through England, where you'll lie a freeman.andifyouhareadesiretoleavemeyouwill have an opportunity to do so. If you would rather go to Russia,Tom,youcango,butitappearstomeyou wouldfriends any complaints to make of tbe platform? I tell you frankly that wedid laydown the principle that wo would prohibit, if wehad thepower, slavery from invad- ing an other inch of free-soil Territory of this government.Gist were theopponents. third ballot.Mr.Gistwithdrew afterthefreaident.On the third ballot Governor Gist received 38 votes. -njoy yourself better if you stay at home. But you can in regard to the present crisis.A resolution was agreed u]>on informally, that Illinois is complaint, which Northern men have set forth as a griev- ance more than anyone else.«x Senator Cheanat, 17; ex-Sneaker Ori>i2, Mr. Jamison. •4. with some few* scattering.On thefourth ballot Mr.Jamison received 118 votes: | rx-Speaker Orr. » ; scattering, SMr.Jutsnw,ontakingthechair, said he hadnotIan Ikiage to express his thanks for the honor conferred upon kirninmakinghimthepresidingofficerover the delioe rat tans of this Convention. He considered that the Con- ii-miou was engaged in a meat iraonrtsat duty—the most important that had ever devolved upon South Carolina Cod only knows what wilt bo the result of our proceed- ings,buthewouldimpJareGodspotectioatotheState.A resolution was then offered that when the Conven- tion adjourn, it be to meet in Charleston, at four o'clock touiwrrow afteruooa.plThia reaomtion caused considerable debate. Mr.MHJNappealed.totheConventionnot toadjourntoChartestou.buttoremainbore,regardlessat thesmall pox or other phy*ie*l or moral causes, and discharge Ui«- duties required by Soutff Carolina. B e urged that other States would jeer at their timidity ui the present crisis, uA taut t h e mora] power o f the i resent movamnnl would beaihetedinothe<syiopathixiogStatesif«• ad>mruo<i s> Chlrtessoa.Mr. CU ukaMi, of Abbeville, said be would never conav.it to ieu\ ' Uaiumbia uatd the ordauauce of tjecessiiu Senator Wade's speech, of which the HERALD has al-their work.ii; Kanr said he was as ardently devoted to secession»f any m as and determined to be with the Convention on, their action wascomplete, buturged adjourning to fbark-toit. Hesaidhe never would consent to hurry through theproceedings of theOonventaan, and gave no see that DOordinance should b e passed witfc h i s consent mill every pokat was duly considered in all its bearings tfter a full a n d fair investigation a n d djsencston. H e •tid they were engaged in a high aad patriotic duty, and tfSMaded that the members should be in a location where >hetr mind" could fairly grannie with the important issues nvuived.andnotbeagitatedbyafearful,loathsome.Hence, when no H easing necessity reached it.Other* engaged in the disccsnion pro aad con.The motion t o adjoom t o Charleston w a s finally carriedIt is clearly manifest to all who participated lattevening in the caucus of the New York deleg;:- ter must and shall be preserved.mmpass*d,andurgedmembersu>sta.duptoailU»;reready bad a brief synopsis, an<t of which it will immedi-lina. Itisunderstoodthat,thoughhefavorsthesoees-Twenty-two members of the Ohio delegation. Including*f a large majority.R«somtiona were adopted Inviting theThe speech will produce vehement excitement in the Southern States, and at Columbia, S. C , where the a*o tint they addrcBB the Oooventioe tonight at seven seceding Convention is being held, It will not only tire the hearts of the delegates, but, it is feared, plungefrom Alabama aad Mlsiimlnji t o seat* o n t h eit was time the sceptre should depart from row hands, all parties. Senators, representative* and others, from ber of men were stationed at Forts Moultrie and Sum- This man may be kidnapped and carried into ever- have placed it to more competent hands. If thai is so•deck.the North and South, wboiistened toSenator Wade, agree ter: whether in hisopinion thenumber wassufficient to lasting slavery: and does any man who has a regardthatwhileheutteredSomeofhisideasinsomelanguage, defendthosefortsagainstanyattackordomesticvio- forthesovereignrightsofthestatesrisehere and complain that s State could not make t h w toyou have n o coustituticoal right t o complain, when we all disavow any intention so to make ase of that victory we hare now, as to injure you at all. This brings m e here to tbe question of compromiee. ThefirstdayofthissessionaSenatorroes andoffers a reeolntioD to inquire into the evJto between differentCou»au,aC,Doe H.leCO. ideath taruhnn Sovereign Convention assembled atarmy, relative to the necessity of supplying the'ojficers ofsaidforts.withprotection,wastakenup.Mr.BROWNobjectedtoitsconsideration.anditwasbud over.Fifteen thousand additional copies of the Prealdem's Message and accompanying documents were ordered.. Mr.Wiifltw, (rep; af Vme., introduced a joint resolu- tion for the repeal of a t resolfftion of June 5, for the re-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069and true in tow, and it skewed the weakness of cacapro- moes. Mow,1only speak for myself,that to VHwof tbemanse inwhichcorupiomw-shavebeentreated.I should tbmk hardly anytwomembers«**thedemo cratic party cooki look each other in the face and *»y 'oomrromiae"without a unci!• Acompromisetobe brought about after the experience we have had is ab-/fIXMORNING EDITION-T81«)AT.—-theHousetoadjournoverfortheholi- dayssignallyfailed. Thereitvery littlefartheAnteri- psopletorejoiceaboutinthese days, andstill less we take the BCnthnent prevailing at the seat ofas th e standard of public feeling. lUsisidhM^ofUtePennsylvinlsdatBgstkoattheAve- BcteJ was significant for several reasons:—Firstthatthepropositionfortheenforcementofalllaws,redo* ral and local, should emanate from Mr. fhiphell, the of the Committee of Thirty three, Covode, republican, should adopt there- fSenatorBigier,democrat,andagree to strike out the words that then-enforcement should be securedatallhassrds;third,thatthesaidMr.Campbell should propose the restoration of theMissouri Compro-theypreceededtoballotforPresident.elected on the fifth ballot. Messrs Orr, Cbesnut and'iefofWm.H.DeGroot,whichwasreferredtotheCom- mittee on Claims.Mr.Gsxsjr,(epp) ofMo.,moved thatWednesdayaad Thursdayofnextweekbesetapart forTerritorial bii-made a speech expreoerve of th e honorNorth sad Sooth will be able to unite their forces which are at pre-callrnited States and Mexico was taken u p .Mr. Ivxnsov, (opp.) o f 0 a . , explained that t h e ooiectwas to pay the oteims against the Mexican gOisrnattnt out of the moneys in the Treasary anpropriaisdby Mdfcbe according to the treaty.Mr.HABLW,(rep.)ofMe.,objectedtoIhebill,it would lead to a revision of ail the decisions. He willing to have a new commission to examine the claims.It I read o f whochaels district. Adopted.Ex-Governor Adams offered a resolution, inviting Mr.passed unanimously.Mr. Grow objected to the fourth proposition, inas- Cushing, wbe has survived the Natick Cobbler's aweach circumstances seems t o b e akin to treason itself, a have hStened to complaints on the oth r side ofMr.Jamisonwaswillheinsertedineachbill,hut theHouse whichpredominates, ii Hout,therepubheaaawillmeats ofourpoliticalsasEtiss candoH, II coerufeWttioiahMsansdteadwjlnaeii taohtwe jag» as they Sadthese. LetnwsaytogenU-men ef th* Senateontheotheraide,whereyeahavelostonestoveby the uafsJthfBhMssef liftofcuive tribunal!Syyoukalongto. Matyofthee*act*havebeendone rciratastaneesthetvouM disgrace a savage. W e have n o seeuriw * treveftmg nearly o n e half e f thisonasoieracy n»«irt»n> the Oak* states. 1 dent care whetsmana character aaay be,andIfhenever vio- latedsaylawoaderheaven, butif hecomesfrom the North, and eepecially If he has oscretoed hto political rightsandvotedforLincolninsteadofsomebody else, itmanoffencepuatohabteby indigatty.by stripes,andvated hasnaturally attracted towards him theeyes of of which they have hadthecontrol. With theverdictof the people in their pockets, said Mr. Wade, the republi-,ts of any section or blessed memory, with hi-' dying breath, asaerted the doc\rroaat af UMPre\mlrnee of Saamllpoi at(olanbta—Inaafaratiott of GoreraarPlckcna,dBO.,dfce.OCB CHABiKSTOJJ DESPATCH.CaAKLaMi » . D e c . 1 7 , 1 M 0 . PnparaUonpareinprogresstoreceivetbeBMtnbersof ibf><Xm\«otion, wa»ch bae adjourned to meet o w e at foure cJock to-okorrow aftemooo.Ii iathought Ute ordinance of accea«ion will be passed compromiaing States rights man. Ananecdote is related ing to say they voted for Lincoln. The republicans,here expecting w e Itisverytruethatthe organizedever which gave wouldthatuponhisactsdependtoagreatextentthepeace,and,it m ay be. the perpetuity of the republic. Colonel Pick <-ompromlsc8 cecsed when the Missouri Compromise bill ensisamanofnoordinaryability,andnoonehasever wasrepealed. HechargedtheSouthwithentertaininga questioued his courage or resolution. He was a particu blind prejudice agaiust the North: that where one fugi- l a r f a v o n t e o f C a l h o u n , a n d e n j o y e d t h e c o n f i d e n c e a n dpersonalfriendshipofs>utbCarolina'sgreatestson. Hewas among the most ardent advocates of nullification, andit ;.s almost needless to .say that he is at present an ua- disgrace a savage, by Southerners, for even dar-The reports of intended demonstrations against the cite fears and apprehension, when Colonel Pickets is al- and it must inevitably result in bloodshed. Then thesionto-day,battherewasverylittledoneforthesalvation of the Union. Some of the gentlemen comprisingthat committee whom the people have put here to transact terity to justify ibem for ail they did. Let us, then. S nator said. I Saythat Mr.Lincoln s character, fromleged to-have replied as follows:— •Fear:fear!Mr.President,IwasborninsensibletoNorth would assume a protectorate over Mexico and Cen- tralAmerica,andcolonisethemwithfreeblacks.do as you please."Master Colonel Pickens," said th e faithful old fellow—Master Colonel Pickens, your father and m y old master died in m y arms, on the banks of the Mississippi, I took from h is pocket thirteen hundred dollars in money and h^s gold watch, and I let nobody know it, and I came on foot through the woods and brought it safely to you in Carolina—you know master; aad if you die in Russia,you shalldieinmyarms,likeyourfather."So Tom went to St. Petersburg, and be was the headman at the door on all state occasions, and acquitted him-selfwithaLthedignityduetohisposition. WhenCol.llckens was about leaving St. Petersburg be said to his cion, others denounced it. This delegation, in truth,old servant, *'Tonv, I am going through Germany, and I want to send a courier with very important despatches toourtMinister,Mr.Dallas,inLondon. Now,Tom,I shall make you courier; you shall go with m y despatches io Mr Dallas."Tom accepted the mission, and w e do him but justice when w e say that be discharged his duty with prompt- ness, correctness and fidelity to h is master.Inconclusionwe maystatethatColonelPickens is a man of medium height, cf peculiarly prepossessing man- ners,and,ashiselectionatthisparticulartimeproves, is exceedingly popular in his native State.WASHLvcrrov,Dec.17,1S60. The ipsue is made, and it is now before the Americanseems to present in epitome the conflict of upmiuu which at this precise point divides the country.There is little hope of unanimity among them.The President sent to the Senate to-day the nominationpeople and the world.,•••• ••'•thatthesubject of dividingticularappeSMaientfromLincoln. TheHousedelegationfromNewYorkwi!•fl things, can stand o p aad accuse a s o f betag unfaith- ful to the oonstitMtioB of the land! I nuke the yoarttoa here, that I do not believe In th e history of the worid there ever was a satiem or a people where a tow *» renognant to the general feehag was ever executed with flat same faithfaioess as has heso thisA resolution was offered to supply a.vacancy in St. Mi- proposed verbal amendments; to the resolutions as finally fair prospectant Edwin Stanton, of this city (formerly stitution te te be trampled under foot, silence underSouth Caroline by which yea take the free cltiseos of Manrsi-hnnrttnnrinynthrrlassBUuiBute andlockup to jail under a penalty. If t h e aosr man cannoi xliesaidtheSouthhavehad thereignsof governmenttherehadbeen,sincewethat could at all dis- statesmen of this nateoo. every one of them, Washelusive. And that revered statesman, Heory Clay, oftrine w e hold to-day. Why, then, are w e held up beforo thecommunityasviolatorsofyourrights7It is latein the day to aecuse us of harboring these opinions Then, what doctrines d o w e hold that are complained of y Y o u don't complain Ot our Liberty bills. Y ou don't comlegislature. The position to which he has been just ele- for years and w h y should they complain of a government The statement that there is a republican movement on adjourned, any new factknowthattherehad irgton.Jefferson,Monroe,Adams,JacJESonandPolkincanshave noei.mpiomisetoofferortomake—thedayoft i v e f l a v e h a d b e e n r e s c u e d b y t h e N o r t h , t e n N o r t h e r n - ershadbeen tarred, feathered, scourged andmur- dered, under circumstances of cruelty that would*might plain that Mr. Lincoln is a violent man and will probahly d o a n y i n j u r y t o y o u . T h e S e n a t o r f r o m G e o r g i a ( M r Iveraoa)toldushehadnoapprehensionMr.Lincoln would do any act in violation of the constitution.forts are utterly fatoe. No fe&tteriea of any sort havebe<nerectedintheneighborhood. ThegeneraldiapoBi-tmn of the people is to exhaust negotiation] before fear.''awningidiymoTementtoobtampoaseasionoftheforts SuchisoneofthetraitsinthecharacterofthemanandWesterndemocratsdeclarethatbeforeWadeandhistheirdeliberationstobeprivate.Somevofthememrevolutionary,whowouldnethavehangecieverymanofnothingelseIhavelistenedtoargumentsherefor forcibly.Samedaysagothecommanding officeratFortSumterinquired of the laborers lately brought from Baltimore,if they woald defend the place in case cf attach They the Revolutionary history of the country. General Pick-bers, in view e f I h e instructions they received to-day. are terror stricken to-night, and are very close mouthed. The fact is, that besides the long debate wasted in in- terferingwiththeHERALD'Sregular business,theCom mittee did nothing but wrangle about the order ottbem as traitors? They would «sk what right hare you. whoIw.vehadthegovernmentinyour ownhands,whohave been ministers, doing everything that has beendone, to set up here that you have b.^en oppressed andaggrieveel by the action of that very governmentr It wouldhave"beenanactof treason, andnothingle&s.Now, they who sit here the leaders of this modernrevolution, are they in a position to complain of the actionofthisgovernmentforyearspaxty Why,theyhave had more than two-thuds of the Senate for manyyears. You that cimplun^epree-er.t but ,l.ule more justified it.raedtataryreturntoBaltimore.PBOtttDINGS O f THE COKTBNTION.O'U-KSU, a C , Dee. 17, I860.dence. HecommandedattheimportantbattleofOow- pens—a battle which, like that of Trenton, is regard-.<1 as the turning point in the fortune of the oonllict.andwasadoptedbyabargemajority. Mr.Morris'(Illinois) resolution, that no cause existed for dissolution, wag adopted.Therennsylvania,OhioandIllinoisdelegationsmette. night.Davis's proposition requiring Marshals to deliver fugitives to the district Judge in the district of the State escaped from, and guaranteeing a jury trial of ideality. This to be in lieu of Personal liberty bills, and to guard against kidnapping. Some of the extreme Southern men consider this proposiMr. POWELL, (opp.» of K y .called the Senator's atten- tion io the case of Governor Denu^on, and asked if h e1•f*Aheavyandalmostobaeori-gf<ghang*likeapall :N-thofwhichwerefoughtaboutthesametime.Nothan one quarter of the free people of the United Mr. W.er* said that lawyers and judges might differ. States:*yetyouhaveprevailed fortenyears HethoughtGovernorDennisonscourseloundedonadeover Columbia creating a general gloom. purer or more disinterested patriot lived than General The smallpox panic is intense among citizens and Plcktms, and none deserved better of his country. Xopast in the Cabinet of the President, and in the Su- preme Court of the United States, and nearly every de- partment of the government. Those who voted with you have dictated the policy of the government. Is it notcision given by Judge Stanshnry. of Kentucky, and on a precedent set by the CJcv< rm>r of Kentucky.Mr. I*OWKU wanted theSenator to answer his questionMr. Warm wasnot going to hecatechised Ina question of law.Mr.POWTTXsaidhedespairedofgettingananswer. He wanted toknow ifthe Senator wasinfavor of a rigiden forcemetit oftheFugitiveSlavelaw.Mr. Wans said he did net know as he was a witness m thisease.Mr. Prrwnx said h e had a rcaohitkw to offer.Mr. W.ci'i-declined togivewaytobecateeoisedany longer.Mr. Pownx said he should not have railed for specih cations if b e dldn t want ?o b e eatechi*»d.« Mr. WAIJE—I have sh'iwn that the dominant party bavo nothing t o complain o f m point o f legislation. T h e republican party in t h e North, a n d in Ohio, in particu- lar, bold the same opinion, so far as I know, with re gard to this peculiar institution that is held by all civi- lized nations in t b e world. W e don't differ in pub-strangers. Many members of th e Leg.^lattire have gone personal sacrifice appeared too great for bim, and when Congress oOered to pay the expenses he had Incurred in the cause oi his country he refused to accept anything tti the way of compensation or otherwise. Cbl. Pickens, the father of the prescut Governor of South Carolina, had a command in the war of 1^12, but was never engaged inAt the Pennsj lvauia caucus, held in Avenue Hotel, Mr.Pigler,chairman,Mr.MiKnight.Seeretary,aresolution tiontobeademandforconcessionthattheycouldnot strangethatthosewhooccupythispositioncomehereAl<egi«tarare and Convention to Charleston. If not, then the Convention will probahly promptly pass an urdinancc of tocesBlon. a n d1 h CssTfesfflen ssffsuifffsa' a t noen. General Jatui*t« was temporary chaimua,The cajfis now progressing for the delegates from the dfftrKimandparishestoenrolltheirnames.was adopted in effect that the people of Pennsylvania were iri favor of sustaining and protecting the coa«titu-concede, as they preferred the summary kiJki;api>inrstyle at present provided for in the Fugitive Slave lawcomplaining that their rights have i>--cu stricken down* Bat what is the cause of this great excitement winch uadeabtedly prevails in a portion of oar countryV farstrongeffort willb e madeto-dayt oadjourn tht-active service.We have Mated that Colonel Pk-keoe renrovrtad for a period cf ten years his nativ State m the national fcgis lature:betbehas occupied other exalted public pos.tioas of confidence and trust. President Folk tendered him the postofMinistertotheCourtofSt..Tames,whichhede- clined; andhe alsodeclinedanappointmentfromPresi dent lyter a s Minister to the French Court. H e accepted, however, the important postofMinistertotheCourtof St. Petersburg, where his courteous, frank and manlybearingwonhimtheesteemandrespectofeveryone. .He was a special favorite with the Czar, from whom he received many marks o f attention. H e represented the l'iiited States at the Muscovite Court for the last two years, aad was recalled only at his ownre- quest, arriving in this country a few weeks ago. AD Some of the members of the Convention are young in incident is related as having occurred during his appearance, but generally middle aged. So far they are ministerial career which the pro|»agandist of al>olition*m might read with profit, if n o t with pleasure. His servant man Tom, an old negro atiout sixty five years of age, stands in the relation"to branch. The Inauguration eeremonies take place at tw o him of a confidant and a friend more than that of a slave. When Colonel Pickens received h is appointment. the news of which, by the way, reached himatthe same timefaithfully and promptly executed; that the Union of the Stated, the owtitnt xm and the laws of the United States., shall be maintained and enforced in all their integrity.would ba all slaveholders. of terror in the cities and targe towns of the South that looks very ntuch ldte the reign of terror in Paris Novotewastakenupontheadoptionoftheresolutions, during the Freneh Revolution. We hear of Northernfcd after consumlBg four hours ln*doJ»g noflilngfihe com- men being sent back, or scourged and tarred and feathered, and no inquiry made m regard to mittee adjourned. The trouble about the committee is the cause. 1 do not suppose the regular govern-who hasbeen elected at the present critical juncture to controlforgoodorillthedestiniesofSouthCarolina.army can reach the South it will have to pass through pruthernOhio,whereitvrillreceiveabaptismofblood. The city is much excited.about a week. They are in very general terms, veryJoselydrawn,and1donotknowwheretomeetyou at all. Is there anything in our platform detrimental t o your rights. unless that in modern times you set up a dif- ferent construction of the constitution from ours? W e followinthebeatentrack,butyouhaveswitchedsoff,as it were, upon another track, and assert your doctrine to beorthodox, that is all.The name of Pickens is one of the most celebrated iaanswered ananimonaly that they came to work:, not tofight, and father than oppose th? South the/wouldim- rendered meet efikient service in the war of indepen- to interfere with the execution of United States laws, business. They finally voted to take up H. Winterens, the grandfather of the subject of the present sketch,The speech has much exasperated the Southerners,thepublicbutinessofthecountry,devotedmostofthe time of the session 'in denouncing the New YorkHmeiD correppsBdent, stationed here for not allowing years previous. Instead of dignifying what they did as tion it is in consequence of unwarranted prejudice,In the House a resolution declaring Personal Liberty bills unconstitutional, and condemning all acts calculated'••tion that there is no hope of accomplishingAnother meeting will be called. when an effort will be made to have a full delegation present, inc'>iding Senators Trumbull and Douglas, in order that the resolution may be formally and unanimously adopted, as it is believed itMr. MASOX said that be said the rcpoal of those laws would furnish no satisfaction to the Southern States.There opinion,uniformi- compromiseeven, to invade your Now, what do you to break up this go-Tbad.StevensandDimmiekthing in the legislation of the federal government the Globe. that be supposed there woul4 be no overt act thatisnotright,you.and notwe,areresponsibleforit. onthepartofMr.Lincoln,butthepowerofthegovern-We never yet have been invested with power to control ment would be so executed against slavery that it would i-H'.-.i i.iueaof titer position, and remain and perfect ately have a full report, Is received as the text of repub- sion of the Cotton States, he is friendly to the resumption Senator Pugb, assembled to-night to deliberate upon the the legislation of the country for an hour. I know the not last ten ye^ars. and continued—Then you are notlican falgb and fidelity. It is denounced by the South, including many Union men, at thehead of whom is the Vice President of the United States, as the gloomiest pro- ductionthathasyetappearedfromtherepublicanparty. Itclosesforeveranyhopeofpacification,and,aswasde- clared to-night by one of the most promisem! of theot the idSt110118 with the others when the nou-slaveliol<l ing State* consent to give such constitutional guarantees as may be satiiactory.It isnot apprehended here that there will be blood shed. Shouldihereadymen ofSouth Carolina demand asurrenderofFortMoultrie,Maj.Anderson'sinstruc- tions are deemed to be such as will enable turn to retain an honorable positionpresent state of affairs. Mr Corwin in the chair.With twoor three exceptions the delegation were ready io unite with Governor Corwin in a resolution that thereexistnorealcauseforsecession.This resolution w a s supported b y Mr Howard, demo-charge s have been made and rung in our ears that wo have been unfaithful to your Fugitive Slave hill, The law is exceedingly odious to a n y fret people,and deprives us of all the old guaianteesof liberty that the Angio- Saxon race have considered more sacred than anything elseg ing to wail for an> overt act, but are going to proceed upon the suspicion that probably he might. I have dis- avowed any intention on the part of the republican party to harm a hair on your beads Wehold to no doc- trine that can possibly work you any inconve- nience. We have been faithful to all the tows. Itisnot.then, that Mr Lincoln is expeeted todoanySouthernwithin twenty days.m e n ,it willunitet h eSouthrepresentativement. HeknewthatitwasimpossibletoreclaimaslaveThe threat of cokmixjng Mexico and Cectral America with free blacks is deemed so insulting to Southern pride and repulsive to Southern feeling in all grades of society, thattheywill.withonevoice,quiteinindignantdenun-ciation of the sentiment and appeal to arms rather than submit to it The tone of dissatisfaction among them isWJLSHXSCTOJJ, Dee. n . i860.The Senate of the United States presented an interest- result.^ ^ ^ ^ ^•steal. (Applause in the galleries. The CHAIK said the better, and you might as well have dissolved the Unionmore decided, a n d more compact, tionary if possible, than heretofore.generaland revolu-them into rash measures of retaliation.Mr. Wade h a s been boiling over with this speech fordays, ever since Senator WigfaU delivered bis It has beenwiththe ut-rspnUirsM m thaa.*»»t»-a style peculiarly his own, that as a whole his speechwaseminentlyconservaUre, strictlywithintheconstitu-tion, andexactsseeha speech as the times demands.lence; whether additional men had been ordered to either ofsaidforts,oranystepstakentoputthem in position to resist any attack: in whose custody theprotect her own people against invasion and seisuref Ibelieveefallmenthose whohave made themostof hese complaint*'are thelast who would rise here aadextinction o f slave- ry, and he wocld inaugurate it by planting on the Mex.- herdoiBoftherepublicnnisnhwoffreeMacksfor thepnrponaof inciting murderous iBsmrrections among theslavesofthesouthernStates,sodofscreeningfugi- tivt-s who may escape. The Senator hinted that England wouldaidtheNorthinthisdiahciiealmovement. Isthis of ex I not a fit matter for the investigation of the government, the ohalr- r Z. I if w e have a government? The Senate in executive f sontton tieoaraed the Bamisatlea o f Judge Black a s Se-after which I rotary « f « * • # , and also sundry minor anpointtKBts,Crontherjaien.SenatorWade'sreferencetotherecord tionshavebeengiventotheofficerofsaidforts,ineaseofhiefather,whogallantlyfoughtthebattlesofthe ofademandtosurreaderthembyanypersonorauthori- faithfulinexecutingtheFugitiveSlavelaw.Ithasbeen thatitwasasacredcocapactbetweenSecretary Thompson left this morning Cor North Caro- sell in South Carolina.ing scene to-day during the delivery of Senator Wade's speech,whichoccupiedtwohoursandaquarter. An attentive throng in the galleries above him. a listening Senate around him, and the member-! of the Fourth estate, largely represented, catching every word and committing it to the winged lighting for the great public in every part of thecountry, were among the features of the oc- casion. Many of the ablest men in the nation, ofTHIRTY-SIXTH 8BCONP SESSION.S e n a t e .WASHrxoTOx, Dec 17, lbfiOMr.CLASS'S, 'rep.) ofN. H.,resolution of inquiry, re questing thePresident to inform the Senate what numgalleries must be cleared if the applause again was heard.) « 'Mr.WADS—Nevefmind;letthemcheertheFugitive Slave law if they please.Mr. MASOS said be should Insist on order if the indigni- ties to the Senate did not cease.Mr. WADE—This would be a poor remedy for a free man in bumble circumstances to be taken under the provision of this bill ta becarried where» Where he came from. Then he might be carried into the market place any- where in a slave State, and what chance has he?at anyother time as now. Westand precisely where westood, repudiating your institution as a matter of morals,but,admittingthat,whenitisoutofourjurisdiction,wehave no hold upon it and no designs upon it. Is thereanything in tbe character of thePresident elect of whichyou complain? Has he siot lived a blameless life,ti. ver violated any law; has he committed any viola-ion of duty» Why then are you suspicious that bowill ? Now. then. I have shown that having the govern-ment tn your bands all the time, you have broughtit to the verge of destruction; and the people, befaevisgclarations mesa.T h e P e r i l o u s f j b m m i t t e e o f t h i r t y - t h r e e h a d a l o n g s e sM r . l v i . K w , . v e a i d b e s a i d t h e r e p u b l i c a n p a r t y m i g h t d o injury. HethoughtMr.Lincolnwouldviolatetheconsti tution. when he could, with impunity.tionalrightsofallsections,thatallthelawsshouldbe toajurytrialinaSouthernState,wherethejurymen ifthenewspaiicrsaretobecredited,thereis.ajoigaThe meeting wasquite full;onlywereabsent. Thesentimentsonthepartofthe Pennsylvaniarepublicans,as expressed incaucus, were not at all calculated to harmonize matters; but the friends of the South accepted what they could get from the republicans present.Gen. Scott's presence here is salutary and may lead to good results. Heregards ul!coercion at this moment as madne!«s. He believes that the troubles that distract the country maybe amicably arranged: and he is ready with all good patriots and conservatives, to unite in sin- cere effort* t o bring about s o blessed a consummation.Fanatics in and out of Congress affect tr> treat the excitement with contempt, and advise republicans to keep a stiff upper lip.A despatchwasreceivedheretoday*from Springfield, stating that Judge Bates had been tendered the position of Attorney General under Lincoln. It is understood that he would accept.Judge Slosson and Mr. V an Allen left here this after- noon for Springfield, it is supposed with a view of getting an expression from Lincoln of some conservative opinionsbatitdoesnotpossesstheadhesivequalitiesnerossaryment,intimesofexcitement likethis,isreallyre- sjfonsible for these outbreaks of puss-ion. If the States where these outrages prevail were a foreign government, and if they woi-e really authorize i by the constitute.! authorities, everybody knows, if it were the strongest go- vernment in the world, we would declare war in oned»y. But what h a s caused this great excitement': I will tellosavetheUnion. pjeferable.Spauldiag'sgluewouldbeabundantlyLincolnat influence((institution of theUnited States, which every member took an oath to support at the commencement of the Con gress. the Declaration of Independence and Washington's Farewell Address; and, it is believed, would have en- dorsed the Ten Commandments had not a large numberslaves—a position that in not more than two or three of'members been known to be opposed to th» sixth, cases has the least foundation in fact. Rut if these lawsseventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth commandments.The Illinois House delegation bad a meeting to-night onthe state of the nation. the latter accidentally so.are really repugnant to the constitution, they are utterlyvoid, and the courts would declare the m so at any mo-ment. Therefore I am glad to hear Senators on the other I stand there to-day. I have argued it to half a millionLovejoy and Morris were absent.side say they do not complain ot these bills. Your men have given up this bone of contention, this matter ofof people, probably, and they stand there—aad they have commissioned m e to stand there forever, and. so help m e God' I will. 1say to you, while we hold this doctrine to the end, there is no republican, or convention of republi- cans, or paper, that pretend w e have any right in your States to interfere with your peculiar institutions. On t h e other band, o u r platform repudiates ( h e idea that w ein favor o f the Constitution and the Union and that the lat-anything.ty ofconflicting opinions relating to the avowed grievancesof the South or their redress. Attachment to th e Union will be—Mr. Douglas and all h is friends being strongly them in any position of depredation, a s the Senator sup- was strongly expressed, but the methods of preserving itwere widely opposite. Many were decidedly for coer-did not seem » any or tendency toMr. Warns—I understood the gentleman to say he did not know as they had been injured by them. These laws were not intended to excite the South, or to putagainst secession. TheentiredelegationofNewHampshire,Senatorsandposes. These laws against kidnapping are as old as the be justified in the* yes of the civilised world to take so common law itself. I believe the State of Virginia has monstrous a poSiikm. and predicate it on a mere suspi-all. held a meeting, and unanimously came to the deter-mination that the true course to be pursued is to protectthepublicpropertyandenforcetherevenuelawsatallhazards. Ibis morning a number of republi dishonor and a depredation. I think I feel as sensi can Senatpie and representatives called upon General tive on that subject as any other man, if if I know m y-subject occurs to m e. that the Senator from Virginia seems not so much to point out any specific acts that the North erapeople havedone that are injurious to your property, as something he takes to be aof Attorney General Black to the Secretaryship of Stat", Cass, and congratulated him upon his late self. I would be the last manwhowould advocateanyvoting against the appointment. No other nominations f«>cted at their visit and conversation, and the interview the other hand, let me tell those gentlemen I am exceed-were transmitted.The House select committee wa* m session four hoursin many respects wasmost pleasant and friendly.ingly sensitive on that same point, whatever they may tlunk. and had rather sustain an injury than au insult or dishonor, and I would be us unwilling to indict itto work, and the prospect of something acceptable to the country h a s improved.CalebCushing,whosepresenoewasrequested:nWash Ington, was in consultation with the President this morning.South, actively engaged with the secessionists.It is expected that the South Carolina Commissioners will arrive hereonThursday, beaded bv"Laurence?M. Keitt, to negotiate with government for Fort Moultrienever do other the one or the other, if I know it.But I have already said those gentlemen who makethese complaints have for a long series of years hadthisgovernment intheirownbands. Imaysaythesegentlemen who have raised upon this floor their bill thev would l>esatisfied with any ssch thing. of indictment against us, have been the leaders of theWade represents the honest feeling of the Morth. The arsenal at Charleston te placed; what anus and citiseas against any federal legislature whatever. ThenCONGRESS.growingopinionisthattheNorth should speak outfirst property are there kept, or, if removed, by libertybiltehavebeenmade,notwithaviewtodegrade copy. Asto oomnrasatee, I sappssewehadwhat it means—should withold nothing, but present boldtheBooth,betwithm honestview to guard therights whom; w h y said arms a r e n o t p u t in possession of their own ciiisans from Jnnlawfu! research o a d seta-'thattheoarofcompromisewasotsaoad. ThaatoBsn w e have made have been viatoted o a d lyaadmanfully,vetkindly,therealpositiontheyIntend ofofficersoftheUnited States,upona requisition,or if ores. Iwasexceedingly glad to hear flossins enShe are they* Stose I have had a seat m thaiassssnniemtheeventcfsecession b*oneormoreStatesthis has ever been refused; sad further, what instruc-othersidesaythattherepealof these bila willnot re- on* of considerable antiquity was swept away frosn h«ve thecase from thedMnculties-and 1 have heard it our statute book: aad when la tbe minority I stood everywherethatthepeopleofthefreeStatesareua- uphereandaskedpeato>withholdyourcountryandsustainedtheflag;and'hissplendidperora said,undersuchcircumstanceshere,that,althoughI whatwasthecry7 That Itwasnothing batanart tymadeopenthem;also,thecopies of anycorrespond wasaureastomyown State, yetI couldactbelievea ofCongress, and could be swept away bytbesametionandpledgetofollowtheexampleofhisfatherinup encebetweentheCosamanderin-ChiefoftheAmerican wordofwhattheyworeSaying. Ineverdidand majoritythatpassedit. Thatwastrue,tofact,holding that flag with his life, not only won applause fromthegalleriesbetdrewtearsfrommanyeyes.Mr Johnson ofTennessee, hasthefloorto-morrow, andwlhmakeaUnionspeech.The House has assigned Wednesday and Thursday next tm Territorial business, when Mr. Grow from the Com- mittee on Territories, will bring forward four bills to or- gaeise Idaho, Nevada. Hatotah and Arixeaa Territories.never could, until our enemies here rise la their places,and, w*hamagnanimityIcvmmeod.havenaid thawasnotso Mycolleague(Mr.Pugh),witha mageanimitvfor which Igive himmythink*, hasstood forthtotestify that, in the State I m part represent, republicanjudges, courts aridjuries, bare fulfilled thisrepulsiveduty with perfect faithfulness, aad so said the Senatorfrom Illinois (Mr. Douglas!, and sa, I understood the solutely ndicoloas. What arc we to compromise * i senator from Indiana (Mr. Fitch) to have said. There-Untitled Document« I'l'H.'fc, in'citisen, wttka promise to reward the htfter with a par . Mr. WADE, (rep.) of Ohio, said—At a time like this, bv death. And yen, whose- oaostitueBss are guilty ofthe Senate as Secretary of State, and there seems to.be*S eve of s dissolution of this Union, and that your con- most repugnant Pugniva Stove tow. Y ou have a law inof Ohm), will h e named as Attorney General, aad Calei'Fourteen eases of smallpox were reported on Sunday principal speakers in the caucus, while Senator Kgtor. as of Secretary of the Interior. If Mr.Bates goes into theand seven to-day. Cases only were reported where the Chairman, badbutlittle to say,except on points of con* Cabinet he win be Attorney Ggneral. The sentimentof prehensions itMhing else. A bare /suspicion, a fear, sident of ffie United States,as much asvou own the ser-symptoms and developments clearly indicatethe disease. on The Legislature has adjourned to meet in Charleston onThursday..THENEWGOVERNOROPSOUTHCAROLINA.sequence, and then to save what h e could for th e South from the preponderating influence of the republicans in the caucus.rising outofunwarrantable prejudices. I wish to ascar- vants on your own plantations. But I can't see whyI learn by private letter from Springfield, 111., that Mr. Wesmwmx,Dec.17,I860. Lincolnwillnetcomeherebeforethe2dor3dofMarch, rights,tlnotaskmetocompromise,forI understandthatSenatorswhojustifytheoverthrowof rights myself when I am wrong. No this government—who would bieak it up and reeolve :i withathreatthnt thegovem- intoitsoriginalelements—doitonameresuvpicwuthaithe republican party m a y somehow affect their right? Now. what doctrines do we bold detrimental to youf Are we the setters forth of any new doctrine undertheturbthepublic mindbeen any encroachment*any individual. There*should have a barmoniot!great republican party,since you repealed the Missou1you four yeai-agofullwarningthatresult as it' has resulted, and I supposehave supposed things would nave resulway. It is true this party h a s carried butIdo notsupposeanything growingout election is the cause of the present excitement inbeeause I hope thai I have8up|teisetheoldpatriotshadbeentheministersofthe hisyouthup.hagkeensuchthatyouhavenoright crown, or members of the British Parliament of the to draw any infcftsMo that be will trespass on the dominant party that had ruled Great Britain for thirty right of any man. and If you harbor any other supposi-the Southern gentlemen who complain so much hellions subjects, and are talking very disrespectfully ofhave any reasonable giounds for that complaint—1 mean their King. They tell you tbey sympathize with thoseyou call black republicans. Therefore, I hope w e shall near nomore of thetoast that '•Cotton isKing,'' and '.a going to overrule all nations and bring them under itsone to-day as stringent in its provisions as any o: those ofwhich you complain. And here let me say,because the to-day * Everything remains as it did a year ago. Butal! at once, when w e meet here, I find all gloom, aud gen- tl>ii.i:.i.Seuptobayweareontheeveof breakingup this efovunment. Seven or eight States are going to set up a bcstile government—and they look imptoringiy over to us and say, --you can prevent it.-' What can w a do? You have not condescended to tell us what youwantdone. Ifweshouldgive uptheverdictofAha people and take up your platform, I don't know but yon(Mr. Uigfall) rather intimated, aad the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Iverson) rather more than intimated that if w e would take what is exactly the Charleston platform, on which Mr Breckinridge was placed, aad give up that on which we won our victory, you would grudgingly and hesitatingly b e satified.and Fort Sumter. The government have no property to dominant party for years; therefore, if there is any- Mr. WADE read from Mr. Iverson's speech, reported inMrGBKENsaidperhapstheactiononthislawhadnot overtactbywhichyoumaybeinjured. Yonwon'tcrat. Hewas met bySenator Pugbham. whotookopposite grounds.feated the object of the meeting so far as harmony wasconcerned, and it adjourned without accomplishing any obnoxious than any in case of scoundrels who rob and your institutions, you say. Butwe never liked them anyand Mr. Vallandig Their opposition deinjured anybody, but be complained of thepublic senti-wait forany. But,anticipating that thegovernment may work youaninjury, youwiii puticiendtoit,which nv-nns simply this—that w e intend to rule or ruin thisdenytnepowerofasoverefenSteteto protect herownI sections, and to ascertain what cocldbedonetosettle the difficulty- I u-li that Senator I know o f n eMr. IVSRSOX said be bad said no such thing.Mr. WALK—It to Of no great consequence what thehave a n y right, or intentionconstitution in your own States.ce.mplain of* You are goingvernment. Y ou are going to involve us in war and blood out of a mere suspicion that w e shall transcend that which westand here tovindicate. How wouldyoucion? W e don't like slavery. - Didn't you know it beforeMrInaweissaidhewishedtheSenatorwouldreadhis speee h before he quoted so much from it. He had not said www.fultonhistory.com 