 ».wouM s-urainouon tlie Si. Gewri/t ^ i- rlc-ket-H I'liXOtt.WAT(TED.-OirB WHO UNDER- china and glaa bosiaees and is familiar|:igl)c NttHltPrti <iw<i, ilp^afe #rtito 1% 18^^t»ejtttetdtsy- CoBBinootMor CbariQes,'°of which she wm^fcr thepowerful while It lasta.<> TBabaaa.i 'every boatse~xchaatedMM&vtth^MM^Impaaitian todinrtheaecontiguous apartments, — position that she had stolen the money, and she was1CroM-uanuiurf- did not any knife the handsofany persons on the bridge; I cannot say who was pot out of the gate firstw»mm Wm^m^ ^"^K" mtwfmm.«irr Ain> copwty AFPAnn. «COmilSSIONERSOFEMIGRATION.hysereralernhMBt aiedical in genllemen^and ttjadramatlo peroration half of the nnmber gatheredtoo;"! heard some <me strtUng ontiide, bat eoaldTka Reecaeaf tka OaamaghtHi Faaaeaaena.MARINE IIEW.YOBK...,'»H.HlroAT. 0«.TBI lUIOILAIlT BOOKUie -VkeOoniBisUonetB ofBaAgnOcn, aftMtrfeM^-Mrs. Buaaaaa was about thirty-five.Inhar leonaer days she had a reputation for extcmne^lilP^rtKSJa^^S^Se :tSTgnM. fi^noi amjctmagLV^euOtmyearsofage^ to have acquired;pTOvloQiTy pubUilMd,andMfenMliK Mm* to fl» e«B|nlttM <m Wlbuted meriy proprietress, she owned another fine housesuppression of the area! evil, but it to certainlyme ito address yon a few words to behalf of oftr braveinaolutlas. I^. Tii iifWai AmInspectionBMrtdge. La^S?but he had^^mlUi. Kiiii«a> aroK, and leaTiag the room, leftwas presentwas Mr. Kopper endeavoriiig toside the gate ;FriDce; BsOMdfc Hiaw»lhs.ETaBs,towing,read be taketf intoSunday afternoontho first I saw some men out-toat one of toese waslearcaly commeaceU to vitkantaqnoram. It wiUon thattMBMid^|M|l«ftfiait meettng.;thhak-. ^jMt-Ihaaatai To-daymypnlnfulduty againgentlemanAfterhad been broken, she united herself in a atHamilton-squarewerecompletedatanearlyhour,eflect : I saw them thefr putwere ahead ander oar loie-and-afters, stowly readilngBrown.'Can, FMrUeaee, aaater. i »Arrived.iiiextUx. JiuneBAus said:style,ally to her fortune.outside,hands to thefr pockets,second vesMlbrig,Itfb'BBigiant Booking System.becomecars toTwenty-third-strectHere theRegimentAt went forward to toe bridge, and was tols time I'n^^a^^f^"'J'^' (Brem.,) Saalsti. Bm Si TM15S°^?''25°? Oct. 4, at a A. M., irtth iweslerly winds the*oopialnts have been bruugtit before me during this •formed again, and marched Fifth-avenue, throughMr. Dikeman ran sendingInside; tbe other manconvinced that there was Bttle hope of our being seen,Summer and Fall season. The last one is made by ableEnglishsociety, while her paramour resided atSeventeenth-street and to Broorae-street,the dockwent to, and Mr.when he got over toe fence hiswas. Soon, sees us !" and to a short naked that ttetelgput upcanvas, dead befme the gale, right tor na. In less toan half an hour she bad passed oar weather quarter,?" T rr>i ruilieu > siiihall nere, all they had to do was to apply to their Consul Thence he left for home, to break the sad news to theffFtithe of the Weehawken Ferry•r to Ihe German Society, the latter havtog been es-fiunilv. Arrivtog there, however, he was agreeablyCoinpany4<4lai>I'.tirelymovement to thatCity,and Mr.Pxtit, the Superin-if was the man thatThompwm, PlyawBth, N. C, « and we washed toe MS" Dr, Bbidob is permitted to refer to Schr. Revoorruition, Garlai^,"pi7mooth, N. C., Sds..Bros.Lameas,Sew-York. with yellow Line to J. Holmes. /1 for such purpose. By every means in their 'time of this occurrence[AArertlaement.'lJoshua F. Bridob, H. D., offers his professionalservices, at his residence m toe Graefeoburg Medical Institute Buildtogs, No. it Bons-stbiit, New-York. Irrtgutaritiea and diseases cf women of every descrip-way tt is hoped timt the suspicions aAdrwIDberemored.,OAPT.WIUM*, O* TBI XIBJIIB aOHIFFBB.Bliiaer As tueir passage interim dcket London. Since her return from Ae has livedKopper pot him eat agato partner, Dowdal,"family.atov, this (amllv. conslstlnK of 9 persons, contracted InEuropeseclusion, amlthe publie at large hadShe we could see with thepSoK oStttUt^^Li^lOthtka agent ol Henry M. Weed, at Havre, for theirMHage from New-York to Detroit; Michigan, by peculiar clicomstances attending her death haveSew-ToikandEiieKaliroad,theirpassagetocost MBSe, of which amount Binder paid to advance, at Ban«, »I4, the balance, »34 SO, to be paid to Henry ^k Weed here.the other one stood some feet outside of theVow Sir ' these people tke IMlJ September, byHHband,after sfrlktog came back toto the him,tna. Havre, liaSoit, but Andisgwhich ranks (urganizarbutwhich the Managers liave just published, embody- tog extracts itroni a report of the Indenturing Agent, Mr. Gao. H. Aiua, gives a deeper insight toto the thorough manner to which the objects aimed at arearrived la Castle Garden on the sailing-vessel GUid Tutmga,be formed there atKop- ferry-tioz the word went then tut he stairs and assisted to dressotoers. Still toere was aoubt a* to her inlenthms, bat to a lew mlirates she wore round, braced op sharp on toe otoer tack, and was soon close to our lee quarter, witoBooto.1^iStt|(and aliiiough Ihey had Intended to go to;Ma: wltorodse.aadnusenrersto¥. [»y,pfiais!^ -tliat uiey liad not the means to pay were obliged to remain here, md the re- *»«- ""• of the advance of. tlS having been re- tued to them, applied to the Gemwa Society for Msistance. and teuef. I wotiJd uk, Mr. Freslient, vkataresuchadraBcesmadeforT Theyaremadeto of agents, and it Is at the same time the receive from their prlncl-general workingstostitntlon,at ground twentymtoutespaststabbed ;;I wentuphercommander fhr asthegaie assuring ustjnneaner Potoaufca.NTe,IHibalance,pessengersstaeet, at the comer of Prince,knifefouttl shut op by the side of the l^rryboxAnHmmein "Twemnstreet, near Fourth-aTenne, and .also ,ihn netuA .« a«uanuiie*tfam from the Sew««SeB where she has l^aii rwhte^ iathtok It was MeDermootCroM-tiammed—ApartyoffoOrmen,two of them, Bustatead. I heHere. toe I was en-of the fhS ?ihlonabIe neighborhood rtTThlSy^rth-) OijdMn Aqrlum at Utica, M^'ming sireel, between Filth and Sixth aranues. Am^ng The Twelfth Begiment, Col. BctTxaniLD, with getherM by Almlghtr.1with calatoeas theseenesf«r th« of two ratipoittaonlainc occurred en the quarter-deck of th^ staamahV The usual order of blow given by Kopper ; I did not see the knife picked CuntHLUtU on Sunday last, toe 7th tost, and com-comparatlTenied the command.THl 8ITENTT-FIBST BKGIIIENT.TheinspectionoftheSeventy-firstRe^mentwlll lake place, to-day, at Madison square. Col. Vo«-eyeh^iVteSST OetH,£!~F„TMa£^5u.%fcprobably brought?', that was the last 1 saw of the one that went orer thehad her helm and was rushing wlto bursttogn'sawV^^ tt^BiSJrfoigotten all abouf'Ulr until now, when the hernameagatobeforeitcalled out and asked, Are to leave me you goingnal, bound W.r»ra, bound E l,t, 4»•hto Ocean, bounfd^jW^.u,Arrive»d,^loa.GSNEBA.I. CITT N£W8.Thk Nrw-YoEK JtrvXNiLB Abtltiii.—With the.of thisamong tlie mOst beneficent of our benevolentwashis woundsone on his left ; I did not see knivestlons, the public are well acquatotedFeliceOVFBNCES OF TABIOUB EIXDe.anyWlhson, both young women, whQe examlninga "^tet in Europe, for the tito from Mew-Von to pany of twenty-six boys to homes to the West Bav- a cape and vletortoe, valued at $7S. They were hand-tpilMaretluMe80-ealledDooUng-oOeeseatab- togseenthem his safely disposed of,Isaae OdeU.aU'lke poeketa ~ipensatiouvthicn'1Jieyef Airs at the store of E. Posener, No. 444 Can^-fied as to bis death <m the a4th of and tlie local- May,r bvt a there is no necessity f<» securing a pas- accomplished. In July last Mr.ALLtK took a com- street, were delected by one of the clerks In recretihgScudder stated thathad been made to procure the attendance of theeis to Chamh^naia, PMhAcZ. 'the latter werenei^bors were questioned'infants) on the Mssage. mdse. and passengers to C. Orinaeu.: it is nothing but obtaining money a vehicle in wtiich to remove him to Bellevue Hospi-confined to the cross-examination of wittesses wounds—One on the right side and the other on the todebted.vropcan portsader false and fraudulent representations—it is worsematolyfor the prosecution, wbose testimony to regard to the shipment of barrels of clay as guano, was notVery truly yours.n». Brig Maria, Fr.,) Onihomai, St Pierre, K. F.. U ^_The most unscrupulous men generally make the best agents for their employ-tal, but ere he returned the sufferer had expired.(Signed,)fustic, Ac, to Dovall A Co. (Haul highway robbery. Sir.Coroner O^xiri held aninquest uponyellowshaken. Further examination of the case has at allthe internal organs were perfectly healthy«="e,i.. r.,j»as,&aefsrloos schemes. They advise emigrants topur- man, named J. T. TiziuHii called and looked at the;they never shrink or hesitate from using the slost dialwlie means for the accompllstiment of theirbeen postponed until Friday next. ABKIST OF A BCRGLAB.ers,ehase or secure their passage ticket in Europe, as-suring them that with such tickets in haud theyweuld be forwarded directly to their place of destina- ills father. The toquest was concluded, and the jurySchr. Ells, Warren, Port-aa-Prloee Sept. 7B, witkhw-li^n. Instead of having to wait for several days after fteir arrival in New-York. They assure them, even, .ttat in case they should not have money enough, to My the balance remaining due to the head operatorrendered a verdict of death from natural causes, after which the remains were delivered for burial toto the custody of Mr. TiMAns. Subsequently that gentle- man went to an undertaker's and procured a coffin.wito $10 to each of toe crew. A resolution expressingr-surprised to find nis father alive and well, eating din-r all sorts of fabrications, they succeed in ner to his proper person. Of course, the order for the examtoatlon on the;I last doUar out of the pocket of the poorest Ta"nts, and to direct those who have a fewcoffin was countermanded, and the unknown man will find a resttog-place at Potter's Field.Monthly Mketinq of thk Nkw-Yohk SundatBROOKLYNjeaoain in New-York, themoneyprepaid by him in tendent of the Mariners' Church School, gave a short come of the Water Works, after pacing the annualhe said it was Dowdal sat ;woundonhishead Ididnotsee ;mottcan ght Dowdal.Cro»i-fTa»nm«d—Thtok I came overta the Hacken sack ; there were two boats running that day, thevilest liouses here, where boardingBTEWS.BOABD OF SUPEBTISOBS iNTXBEgT ON WATEBnear the entrance, on the inside **;1 under some pretest or other as—said,long SoHOOi Cniok. The New-York Association of Sun- and then tlirust into the street*'the and he I'm cut half in two ;" helata,iid on passage tickets, Sir, are almostday School Teachers held its regular monthly meet- ing on Monday eventog, at the Martoers' Church tosaid,"Come with me ;" i followed, and he went out-difficultiesskillfnlly and successfully freated-AdTsncktfmtiably lost to the emigrant In ea«e of death, in •aeofhlslo^Illgthe rertUcate, or in case of severe lakiiess, whenue patient is sent to the hospital, andBosnt.-AnBoard of Supervisors, was held last eventog. Thefirst subject of Interest which came for considera- it); he did not speak to Dowdal, but said to me,Schr. B. Flanner, Meyer, Cbaitatob 1 dSn with eottoa to D. C. Murray.te«ase the Sailroadtlcaet,asItfrequentlyhappens,is sentfrom Mmnf0 te Quebec or New-Orleans, where it is an en-ptirchaserDowdal on his handsstaggered tion at reasonable ForA Co.K. Huntley, Copeland, HatterM 6 ds., witkworthless piece of paper—{exempia sunt odiosa) —or if after arrival, he should^ change his mijid, andWater and Sewer Commissioners.The Water Com-him back to the ticket-officeI Dr. Josbua F.asked Bbidob,to Benton Bros.kept back, and is considered as ue commission due tothe agent in Europe.And with men who liave such booking agencieseefeMliihfrl all over Kurope, we breathe here under•aeandtlie same roof—male contracts with them,expenses, will be tosnfficient by the sum of $60,000 to pay toterest for the comtog year on the bonds issued for the construction of the Water Works, aud there-anyihtogwlto to Bentonmsrcy, or, asalotts employes.Eighth-avenue.BiCIPTIOS AT Gbakmab Bcbool No. 10.—The000. The Committee report against raising the money asked for because the requisitions are founded upon "anticipated expenses" to the repairstoe club wtdcb Is present to me. ^longedSchr. FaU River.Schr. W. E. Bird, Boston.Madison-street Ralphing up ";Mr. Kopper struck(showingsuflferingcomplatotsds., with yel-^^maktog. Then, too, as far as possible,sent to trial on the cliargeA dash-methodwastakentofrequently found to exist on both sides. The pamphlet alluded to gives the results of the third tour of this kind which Mr. Au.Bif has made, and, apart from thetestified— At the time of Mr. per's Injuries I was to the employ of the Ferry Com-havtog,WiLsoB was devoted to our wants, and seemed toneremedyhad his and made a Smith, (300 to trowsers pocket,JemtialkOgdenKop-toe little Mtmuc,Ac to ,SgL Boonen,gravesACo, The BrigBeard, or elalmtng i^d from the Commiaslonen'. Fami- interest wiiich attaches to each brief record, those nished, and oaid herself. Peter ttdnktog the price ex-having».t.^^^—^; Trowbridge, (of Naw-Hayen.) rrUHe, Bae-ea and Individual, who had been " booked " in Earape who have wisely contributed to this charity may have orbitant, applied to the police for a return of the; was stabbedwilltog from New-York, and the country at large, a suiU-bados navcD.ds., to baUast to H.Trowhridte^SohTWNew-iar distant inland poiata in the United States were the ofrossly overcliarKea upon genuine tickets, and ofcea bposed npon by frandnlent ones, either wholly so or asBTcying them but a small part of their journey. They were, in many instances, also consigned to other confed- erates in this eonntry, and thus exposed to continued depredation^'' —money, and Mrs. Robinson was arrested. Justice QoAoxixsi-BR held her fur trial on a charge of larceny. TBK alleged INBCBANCE FBACDB.The tovestigation ot the chari;es against Messrs. B*Orguerre, Pedrajas, Downes and Milto, of having;out I saw that his coat was cutBark YnmnrI, toSteyeosBros.IhavebeenPresidentoftheconspfredtogethertodefraudseveraloftheMartoe thecoatbeforeMr.Kopperstoriedwiththeclub; IpasseDgers to Udolpbo Wollt^Mr. President Since CtermanSociety—aimostthreeyearsnow—that there hardly exists more inhuman, more abomln-brig seemed to aid to our I cannotI) found' ahie^tiafic tlian tills twoklDg system, as carri&l on in First-street, sick and dying. A policeman went to getInsuranceCompaniestothestrandingofthebark£. A, Kim man on the Bahama Keys, was resumed yes-terday bythink Dowdalwasthemantoatwasstruck Idonot ;delightedomit mention of Mr. Thos. H.rescue,BarkGoethe,(mem.,) Mailer. Bremen, SOsatisfactionknowtog tliat their moneyhasbeenhe saw theman off aways, and took a club and went out andAodenon,Ilataasas Oct I with snaa^ Sid. In ci. irithbik UndTfc pKworthily and prudently expended. It is difficult togreater painswelfare of the outcasts who liave fortunately fallen toto the liands of the managers of (he New-York Ju- venileAsyltun.As Old Pbotibb Iixustraiho.—On Tuesday momtog in aged man was found to the Bowery, nearsee how could be taken to secure thestruck when he fell him,thewhile Dowdal wasYes-theterdaybody, conducting his investigation at the Nineteenth Ward Station-house. During the proceedtoga^ Ger-left ;NEWMAN,body, which he at once positively identified as that ofwood and cotfee to A. H, SoloaioiL ^~^ Sanday.M'^Wblii,the Chairman of themay requireskilUul treatment and comforttble rooms low to C. B. Dibble. pineBoxs, the delegate from the Brooklyn Association, gave an account of the progress and prospects of thetime, but previouslySpais,44ds., wito trait to Wallis address R. Gomel,summary of Its condition, after wtiich the meeting was thrown open to five-riilnute remarks by teachers. Tiie Pastor of the Rev. Mr. then ad-ofMcDer- the white-handled knife was found where IChurch, Josxs,dressed them at considerable length, narrating someRev. E. H. Chakn, D.D., ofScfar. C. McChies. Ireland, Newbera, K. naval stores to J. L. Davis.CAd^witheonneeted with tlieJOBR hesatdown'oBaMidtktn' X^ttrt.ir«icl««l4AspCawoZf.JTtw-York:INTOLLIGENCE. 17,{OYiceededofI8S8containssomeanswerto aminationofthesettlementspreviouslymade,visiting IDSHcommittedthemtoanswer Mrs.McAuliSe,re-examtoatlon,butsofartheyhadnotmadethefrap-pearance.Afr. Peel recalled—I stood on the end ot the bridgesome cases—as to toat of toe writer—notto{^annual reportWs^cstlon. Speaking of tlie system of imposition•HD emigrants. It saya** Very much liad been dene by JudiciaaB legieiation,aad kr oe oi>cration of tlw Castle Garden establislunent^ M'Cktcktiteee abates, until the parties in this system ofthe cliildren individually and conversing with themsidtog at the tenement-house. No. 418 Second-avenue,F. M., when I reached his:from theirlost $100 to$aN, all of which was taken from her bureau Fredetika Weber, a German woman, occupy tog the; at the first commencement of the disturbance I deliveredobstaclei in their way in this •atu^, changed the soene of their oferations hyopen- iaa omee* In the seapcfts af Europe whence the emi- nnts chiefly embailL, and also In eities and towns in see interior of Knglaad. Ireland, Oermaay and Swit- wUnd. Ihe evil tiltets of many of tlteae agencies and eAeea were soon maniftst in the nomeroos cases of aaftrlngfaUuigander the notice .of the officers of thewaywas sared, and toe boat now passed to and from toe steamer wito great and toe seaapartguardians, in order toascertatorecentlymoney,so anxiouslest the large number still on board wouldWight isto. with mdse. and paasesffers toS. K. iCSsawhether had theydrawer. was anested under the sup-cause fornew quarters, and talking with the guardians apartbefore hisreindianyfh)m their wards, that lie might learn what progress;baacOdriLcomplatotMcDeimott wards the gate.to Mr.and hehim to-perish,^S «taMedl]!!«|bn the—'^-Oct ISW. Mxw-YoBX, Satarday, 1^wpampliletReiHirta.On Tuesday evening, Catharine BHiitb and Mary;with that He who works human grateful hearts, oyinstruments had not only given' us toe ihan for ourneeds tonow Papt. IiBilOB, but also raised spin the mansent to our rescue, toe noble fcliow Capt Joua Wosoa, of the Jtftamt SckOftr, has since profed him- self tobe. Capt Wnsoii handled his vessel to toe•rtbose emigrants, who pay $2 a head for their pro-teetion. Mr. Presitte];^ tills Board, speaking in its evidently expecttog more of the taterestmg and grati- by directing the amount to be inserted to the taxes, which time he has resided to New-Yorkdocuments, pibliaMlSitoe years ago, of the booking fytog performances. The Department has been or- was lost by a vote of 5 Ayes to 16 Noes. The report system, and deaoSMkit as in every way injurious ganized onlv about one year, and affords abundant was adopted-by a vote of 18 to 3. It was stated duringyellowSchr. ISqulre Bros., Powell, Oeutgetown S da., withto the emigrant, «d^PHP better than <;windliag, say witness of the care and ability of its corps of teach-the discussion of this matter that the receipts of theWater department up to the present time amountedto about and that 140 miles of hai been $400,000, pipeJohn Gamey testtoed—I residein NewYork,anl^g^iifc-Sss:uSSM«fand, therefore, in order to test the in-he should pressa conviction for murder to toe first orNashville, for (Jharleston.Ships Dreadnought Liver-'l—in iBOncluaion, that its abolition was ers and the supervision of the official.have been wlto Dowdal toe past eleven acquatotedCAdTcrtioeneDt.]Chabitt Covebb a Multitude of Sins.—8aemphatically,donanded by the law of humanity.— FiRl IN NiNTH-ATiaiul. Alire be- occurred,which he has worked for me as a bell- Q.—What is his character for peace and quietoess JThe booking system v» o MmmdleAndandtenantedbyDzmaeistkSkitb,nereil a loss, on stock andThence the flames were eonununicated to No.who theCentralBanktothecreditoftheCommissioners.T.B.Simpson, TirginiaSds.,Aiogles. d Schr. Ann Ellxa. Jones, Alexandria 3 ds., wito ooal.tlie BoardjiQw, having agreed together, let us strike at tlie roofsltarpers ff/tn Castle Garden.Mr. President, on the 2Sth of April, I handed you a;baaee against the granting of any privih^ge in t -Garden to those genetat i^ents, whose sub- iwate carrying on the Ean^eaa booking-sys-$200. incendiary origin.;$1;Ipamt Societtes, and by the present Board of Directorsmaterial damage had resulted.Board adjourned.«;to-street,; threefile <3erman Society; but that very argumentative and important document was referred to tnat circum- locution office called the Castle Garden Committee.sured for to the t3,U00lias been in toe my employ durtogand things have re- ^P«iii»rf in tlae same condition as they were Before.'^c. lowerWestern Club; 87c.®87)4c. for No. 1 :Tliat was the last I heard of it :This, Sir, is very far from the execution of the law;hunnatty, Matlttd, Tliat all access to the Castle Carden Emi-bbls. Flour, 118,000 bushels Wheat, 33,000 bushels pool Logan, ;;Havre..'carpenters,sided ta theaii^lit be satisfactorily determined. Dr. Finhsu, a the audience. The buiidtog was w eU fiUed, asFront streets.surgeon of large szperienoe In the oonduet of pott- rtortan cases, and Dr. Saaai, Demonstrator ofAnatomy at the Twenty-tlilid-itreet Medical College,been might foretold from the announcement that Mr.to toe First District (Republican) AssemblyMoBiLX, Tuesday, Oct 16.Cotton—Sales 6,000 biiles, at lOJc.® to-daybyandform-pulpit evening iiulte iuday night,Patrick Dowdal and Chables CAKHBTsa Assombljf.Im- Eone 10 i""n"c'r'e^a"s^e the conlidtnce I have received untilattention ofhis ir.t.ia-.irn to .speak on this subject to theBAlallenrtein,a!! nl"!!!'^'^"'*^. and Mrf."Wilkina; p'^e Mr M'ddleton.the brother of deceased to make anpopular tovariably g-jthers crowds around hit plat-receiptsd;tys,STECK A W. GRUPE has dissolved, I will eontuae Biy-were engagedautopsy. "This was accomplished on Sunday morning last, but it was by no means of a thorough character. Dr. FiasiLL confined tils investigation to the liead,maHag a -particular examination of the braiiLnocontinued jJudges Futx and Port presidirg.TaoKiS llAVEsa, whosearhBe Dr. Sans Ids search pursuedPAUISfurthertlianthethorax,leavingthestomach,intestines, withalternatetearsandlaughter,markingthedirectevidencewasgiven cross-eiamtoed to consid-TlieGrand ofHud- JuryOceanJMaJlH.ATWISSM.I).KELLY'S.lungs and other organs undisturbed. The medical with a full ofMon'.ay evcuini!,wasThe Europeanmails the Va^idtz-iflr »iJ! cltae on iby.gentlemen liaving concluded thefr operations, made Mr. Gocoh made the rum-bottle a plause. Again,did no. varynum! er than for many years the Facluc will debt: on Til'' mails for California andDr. Saasa, that Mrs. BLasaaAx had died of apoplexy^Di imUke-tilfinoou of the same day the remains were tlie Intemperate. It is impossible to give a fair reportClinton-street, theassaults. TakuetExclrsio.n—The Police of Jer-of Chief of Police Mab-1at Greenwood Cemetery. The fact that a01 Mr. Goooh's speeches, as his platform-pulpit cannot b< ir;troduceil toto newspaper columns, with the lec-t"r(rWcckawkrfi ounp «w^hhe.n\Mlr,.''Ppe'e'l;"c"a'me'*'l;o»w"n-el:ji>,J'ncl?itihe<.i ashoie,usPolicesey City.unBer ihe command(I,T.A. IJitcholl, Carl Frcderichc and triJa BulliKK.^Ot'i 'e"s COOK, dcc-WANTED. A SITUATION, BY A A"'expectable girl, as a go-xl plato cook, and would be1to toeG. E.Daniel. Uein hclimidt, 11. ilirkocn-t^. Henry Hup-examination had been made did not, bow-" "^^''''" r."^"''.'8 '^- ?"""1'' i" 1 saw Dow-end Mathil.l-.l'arl and Kmilie Icdy.rttien a natural cause, became so general ties were fiuaUy induced to tat^e of it The matter was brouijlit Coroner Scuirker on"' '""^'^ man'shanus.wlienvhlcb was thrust beneath ttc lesk'cnce in West Tenth-sircet, slat-;at Clif- Ktatvn Island, which was easily ^^on by toe St.il. hicMnberg, Mr. .'<chrap»d.mc>er7Mrs.Magdl,at her lastplace.wii^eli Ueuyinueu a thorough iu- Kjv\,:\er. declined to nolice tnisis the .,.,, R.M. CBrp-ater. PT S. Ferien. J. CargiiL W. Clark,R<!rumn girl.Address EXPEBIENCS, Box .^ .E.tlun, l.f L*?ving it Lo hiive ciaauaittl ;< lanri, since ith>v.rein.-iJe the lerry-ffite, iu.d lii.d a.V"./* H-. Kn;/tc-'.iiicotilncol til's ccc'l-reucc, and v\;, M,nPrindon.L. L. CaAIe.CbOk-WAiniESS.— Atwo child- WANKD, THSTN;dexterity,exhibitedaseriesofverystartlingpicturestoWow--iork, and .-imnnO't. 18. in St. Luke's Church. Services commence o'clock^tween2and3o'clockcupied frame building at No. 341 Nrnth-avenue. Ityesterday momtog,toanunoc-at the northeast comer of Houston and Mercerthought, Twenty-slith-McDermottIbhls. bushels Flour; 89,000;bufChicago, Wednesday, Oct 17—6 P. M.Loss about $150 New-Amsterdam Company. The chuse of the fire will probably be tovestigated by the Fire Marslial, as the place exhibited totScationsthat it had been visited by an tocendiary.TBBOWlf FBOM A WaQON AMD KILLED.—Mr. WiuJUiArp, a wine merchant, doing business at No.potatoes. BELOW—Bark Nord America, (Bren.,) froa Breaaea<tention 'Of tiiis Boardf I offer the following resolu- 256 Washington-street, while on his way home last profession. They are convicted of robbing the housesecond degree.Mr. SccDDXB replied that he shoiUd press a convic-tion for murder to toe first degree. Mr.Waxbmahoccupiedaboutthree-fourthsofanhourin revlewtog toe4tloai: eventog, was thrown from his wagon, and received of S. £. MxcxKB, Esq., in Bushwick. After sentence,Corn, 14,000 bushels Oats. Shipments—7CtO bbls. Flour," 65,000 bushels Wheat, 17,500 bushels Corn. I'reigiits20c. are asked on Wheat to Bufialo. Sight ex-Br Telegraph. PHILADELPHIA. Oct 17—Arr. brig B. F. Mash,Leghorn schr.Hortensia,CapeHenlopen. ;At the Breakwater, dismasted, schr. Lanrek, firoaFrankfort. Me., for Baltfinore. _ NEW-OBLEANS, Oct 17—Arr. ships VandaUa aadTenperaaee I<ectare by John B. Oaa^h.John B. Gocoh, the great Apostle of ance, delivered the first of his series of lectures atyesterday to undergo the annual inspection. The and struck Dowsjx over toe head. Mr. SoUDDBa Middling. Floub dull, at $5 t2Ha«S M. Cobb atclosed about 8 P. M., and toe Court adjourned to this 70C.S73C. PBOTtsiOBS dull. The rest of the marketCooper InsUtute last eventog. Rev. Dr. Tthqof Van Bcbbs k Sbixas, of sistedtoeDlsfrlct-Attomeythroughoutas-17. Wheat active and advanced 2c.pre- A«abaJ.MoCoT,toa somewhatlengthyspeech,totrodhcedthelecturertocomer ot Goldand WEWiJBHSBT.the firmNew-York, toetrial.Flocb firm. sales10,000bushelswhiteattl40®$1 (Sitl40. CoBHhasadecliningtendencyheart,The trial ofMcDmMOTT for the murder of Major Koppsa, Supurto-bulness at the above place us berore. As I haveClialr,;red, $1and Mi.6034 yellow at;TOOLATIfO» eaiAHBIBCATOT.haveGocoa was to speak, for, whatever asanorator, ItlscertatothktheUiuelie.v theThe Mnrder afdelf^tesMr. GoBcu spoke lastThe Allkgxu Attempt to BtnsandStban-feeling in tne marketgood middling lie. Chaklhston, Tde&lay. Oct. Ifi.usual veto— anecdotes betw sandwiching;hisofwhole with his remarltably pungent delivery. As usual, his audience punctuated his remarkstendi nt of theA Wiix.—The in toe case of Edwin Roosas, jury,man tried on a charge of alfempting to burn and strangle his wife, brought to a verdict of guilty of assault and battery."no"w•intense dramatic action, andWcihawken Ferry In May last, was GLXCotton—Sal(38 to-d:-.y T,,OW) bales, at an adN^nceat intwoJaysof JiC.aJic; good middiing ll!lic.It e! K'^uiHioesof ouu-.;u-; and rii.g llie wcrds of truth;i~CHAMBERMAID.—WANTED, A STUA-n.i^i.ingafterw:,rSs took hini to tlic jail.'^1.^ t'eamshlii SalaHiitf'm Kingston, Jam.—S. Davld-tlon as chambermaid, by an educated, ezp*tools,ofabout $150.IresideinNew-York,Schr. St. Pawnee,3ohn, Tirginiads.,witowood.—be refused to all those who are connected tojuriae which resulted in his almost Immediate these felons confessed to havtog robbed, recently, thedull evidence. He claimed toat from toe changejnmtd^atwith ticket-selling in Europe.;That the agreement heretofore made by this Beard win those Railroad Companies, whose agents are fc*fftrc booking offices in Europe, be canceled forthwith.the remains to the late residence ofJBssafer^who entered the house of Dr. Gabri- evidenceBoa to the Ninth Ward, a few months ago, and shot of murder in the first degree, as it could not creasing. Buckwheat ll>s.®lAs. 6d. Whbat—•f a Carener's laqaest.Mulberry streets,BuaiiuH, who m jears gone by, was a notorious coaitesan, known as Fanny White, was found dead in bed at her lestdence, Ko.4*WestTUrty-fourth-street 4tetted9 previous, ^pareatlyin good liealtb, she Had been seen ia the company of Mr. Enaoa Biiin- Ksa, a lawyer of this City, to whom she is said to fea«e Iwen married alwut two years ago, andthrough Ann's Chvxch fob Diat woman who claimed to be his wife.choice do., to arrive, at 85c. WaisKT—Sales 300 bbls., atZ3)!Sc6pakea>dee.C. H. Marshall, No. 3-Oet U, Moniaaktogetlier they had witnessed the procession in honor of tlieIdentified byBona, second lecture to Brooklon, at Plymouth Church, him outside of toe gate, and then put Dowdal oatBaltimore, was stgaaliBed, Sept. 28, lat.31 H .ha laa.tt.The Police of the Twenty-second Ward con-onNew-Yorkdullat1))centAlbant, Monday, Oct. 17—6 P. M.death.veyedNo. 150 West Forty-nlnth-streethouse of Mr. Joussoh, to Flatbush, and also that theypremium.A Nrw Pake Dowh Town.—A notice was extensively posted down-town yesterday, giving wamtog of an totended ^plication to the Legisla-have been Neltoer was toere any evi- premeditated.Wellington, Boston.from New-Tork ^;SuFPOhT OF St.Mum.—Ber. TaoaaiMr. C. H. WiSFixiD followedto anon be-Bvbearing byTork, from (JhinchalsIandsforNew-""^' .^Uds-oat.Gauaumi,prisoners.Baltivobe, Flocb active and firm ;Wednesday.Church for Dea/ Hntes, acknowledges donations fromBlack Sea, Gate, from Sydney, N. 8. W., for New- Precinct, yesterday arrested Pax- for the State, first referring to toe law to reference to AS 75; City Mills heU at *5 i0«$5 62K. Whbat Bedfbid, Oct M. Moataak Potot beaiiag N. 2B Iks hyFaix mox A HoBSB—Fatal BanrLi.—Yester- day afternoon a gentleman named CaaaLisshoulders, Dowbai. followed and stabbed Pbbl whoPrince of Wales, from a window ofMotel, at the comer of Broadway and Tentb- wtdie riding up Lextogton-aTenue, near Forty-alxth- this evening, under the auspices of theat $5®$t10 for Waaai duU. and declined - Superfine.her relatives that she had beenthe suspicion was not confined to the immediate circle •f Iter acquaintances, but was expressed by many who had heea intimate with her when, as proprietress of asilmililliniiiii ofprostitutioninMercer-street,she attracted to her saloons some who have since become <aaeasinpoliticsandatthebar. ThatthematterWyoDhig--Bli^rcroB LlTerpool for PhWailelphia. Oct. M. Wood, N. Y. 8. M., paraded on WasUngton Park took a club, and calling on Officer PASua, went out Cotton firm ; sales, to-day, at 10ie.®llc. for U,lat.43rroa.».poisoned, andBlxby'satreet The suddenness of her demisefore occasioned a susplcton on the part of amemberofamilitarycompany,andatthetimewasYoungshow no toto toe offer freely, but disposition press sale*,there-out of toe excitementoftoemoment,wasnotawarethathehad 8\c.for«iouldersandISHcstreet, was thrown from his horse and Ulled. He was on his way to the inspection at mmilton-square.sltogtogMcDaaaon:gate Kopna, forSides.vn the work of reformationthe officer and myseilh:'.. llicir e:rs,werefircuras'anceii attendingMrs. w,•!(^;cIiLt.'llorits:irjsecutionIs him. He roft-rTnn.ineii—i rowliir.<<l Ji!i.l nut think tha a sparednrofe^.tion of Christiimily was suf- snw Mr.wereujme ai\ en to an orf'iniiation of gentlemenliri( ni lo rresi rvo a man ir jin theol inlcui- n..Mle Uie line last •.M:cri Mr. Pre!ca'ne' andwho rc-H Morris, "A'- L&inea, lady,child and servant Miss Times Omce. ;M'. BiANt?!A:#, whe had ttiere\ei-ir;' ui view. Yesterday <.;iir,-!:ari tal.c, i.u.-r ktidly to al.'.o.hoUe drtoi.s.Mde bjmmer months duringtlieon toclrat ex- nerGioson andaJlcJ ujiiyii District-Attorney tli:ui his paa^n neighbors, il,,.X'-i'-' a~l:c.ii;:'..-i,z.'.:d of the tivu theproiicrtyS. Monlgomery.class cook a first-classui>d waitress. Best City ref-for-was^e man that Mr. Kopmr shoved out had hl< ahM con- rsseow, Capi: Wnaea,careltilly, and everythefaultswhichwere togyoungSoutherner,mostWhen we were all on tioardvery interesting experience. The meettog was well fore ask that the attended, and much toterest was manifest^ ia the ex-deficiencybe inserted to thetax list—Bo>, AT No. 99 BowBBT. Just received from Europe,per latest arrivals, large^volces of & Sons' CafssLSTEnglish Medalion, Velvet, Brussels, Tapestry Brus- sels, Three-ply and IngraintCarpeting. Also, now on hand, a beautiful assortment of Druggets, four yards wide^n^'^ywmm.rast them privileges of the most important nature, ercises. The next meettog will be held November The Sewers Commissioners ask $25,000 for antici-aad hand the helpless stranger over to their tender on sewers— a total of $85,-Weehait:ken and Hackentackwhen I came up there:Schr J.Holly, Thoinpson, Fl"nnTMoTMat*h', "N.•»C".• das*-.what is worse, to the mercy of their over- 31, at the Sixteenth- street Baptist Church, near pated repairs making^H the same and for the benefit of this wronged andasaeh-abused pots' people, and faithful to the trust Im-aosed npon me by my constituents, I have repeatedlyarged yeu to abolish this abominaUe system of fraud,wklehbas stood condemned for years; but,notwith-atanding all this, I have not been able to obtain any sisted of music, addresses, dialogues, ttc., by the pu- Water Taxes to pay toterest, and not upon Jiny ex- redress. Naymore—yearaftery«ajithasbeencon-arrested McDermottry-boat on toe New-York side ; onertoaNew-Jerseyofficerattoeferry McDermottwent with him TheevidencefortoeStatehererested. ,Female Department of No. 10, to Wooster-street, had a reception yesterday momtog, attended by a large audience of ladles ^d gentlemen. The exercises con-havingSmito, EUsabethport, with sod. "EBxahethport. with m^mi^. ipils,and addresses l>y Jahis W. Gzeabd and Erastcs pense or deficiency of receipts actually occurred, and—fAdvemMBeot. 7llniked, and, strange as it may appear to the unsophls- £. BzKXDicT, Esq. The exercises occupied about two should any deficiency exist, the act has a provisiontfeaied, it lias been winked at by the very protectors hours, and still the audience was reluctant to leave, for raising the money. A motion to amend the reportI have resided to New-YorkcoaltoSaffordADodge.Mothers, ie yoc Lote tour CniLDBEir, use Schr. T. C. French, Webb, Suffolk 3 ds.^ wlto aUnelSfdeceased. were thepartiestl^edefendants could not be convictedFloi;b in moderate demand, and receipts in- Flour,,Joseph Holmes, froasSUXtOEH DEATH OF A yOTOBIOW WDXAK.SahawiatloBofherRenalasfartheParpeeee turetodeclarethespaceboundedbyPearl,Grand, for mitigatto^gdbeenstruckontoebackoftoeheadand; bush, various at $1 55 for choice.Rector of St Ann's—Bdbolab Abbxsted. Officer UcLavghlin, ofhalf of theDistrict-Attorney SotroniB toen summed up toe caseOct 17. Howard-street and Ohio,N.W. X miles,Black Sea. of New- spoKe ship " '" """ "'"dangersjust as rcsy to poison a Chris- us, .s-'.ying,ciillcd Ivic.itMr. o.ii'Mr iCiivatt.ti. Parks,and Mrs. Brown, W. Wol-Temper- the—Ann's Church will be laid on Sunday next, at thewhen Oodbh will deliver toe charge, Judgeunchanged.maybehismeritsTRIALOFHUDSON OOUN'i'Y COURT—SECOND DAY.Ward of met at Harmonia Hail on Monand nominated Ex-.Mayor Faa-nkliw B. for •lO.ije.formif'dlirg. .'•"air'!ofthreedays,16,000bales;"aWWUlf our professors and dealers, that after the firm of SJSO.een slices seasoning theGEOKGE STKCK, Manuractur-r,No.86WaIk_w-st, MIL.I.INKRY 1*ENING,THIS DAY.onclose of each sentence period ap- ernble length, but tho facts eUcilvdBills of I.\dictme.\t.—much son County have found over 70 bids of indictment the Saturday, at 10)4 o'clock A. M.334 and 326 Kulton-st., comer ofN08. PlerrepontI'psiKin:, Jirooklya.1,1'KE'S BOMB FOR INDIGENT STC.HKISTIANFEMALE."*—TheannualmeeiioKof this Institution will be held THIS (Thursday) EVEN-froiM the dire. 9utacertificate,wldch,however,wasonlysi^edby»oralkalcldscope,and,turningitaroundwithdeft Wii/iami'ur.-'.utes-.iied—1resideinterm, a largerbefore.Alargenumberoftliesccasesareforstab- Mi'uday.atH'o'cicokA.M.nacinaitlengto-w-ise1-Ualso a Bread maker The other as chambermaid and toand cross-wise and tyingdaT Maiiiliiii'- tfieINCB, procecleil yesterdayBas^e,Loruj.-osate, and heard ilr. i»^oulsu,e Kopper r transpire until yeslertJay, and wilhiii a h » '..Jdylnio a scries of Illustrative knf ts. Audit is stiy he wasi Slubbtd Mr.TvopiHT was inside lire gale,l);to Hndr«ltr;cke.9 rumor that the woman's death was the in ilramatio action and ileUvery that Mr. Goeoh's perhaps 15 ..r lu .feet from Oouilai 1 sav. .'•Ir.for:• lirelit ofprizi>s.niDin? to assist iu tbe wAFhing and ironing;clatirs to oratoricid power chiettyiiest. To be heard wiiliout belli" seen would be fatarto his reputation. He last eM:'.ing opened his lecture by pol^iti^g to him- self as an iylvoeate and L-ophy of temperance, andnmwin^Mr. Kopper siirrt u;;;:i.i.-' i:!i!i i; ht rejiained silent. Jlc ii.'.tnds to col- m;m ••kin",City referencebrealtijfcthc cl-iblast by means of aa anonymous en'.'. ;'-5 Th- .^1i-,".mJ exinjct the ?toneb to ri.se and cry out Parlin asked Mr. Konpcr if tl.at (U''w,'fl was ihe;closed by say-proper ccujse m; thiit if the presiding genius of Pandemon- sioc th;u day. am' »"-^ in tii.- t.-ij ;,t tlie time thefori^u< Ihe.u Theiti ^J hiithe fii.-M, nu'l an exhiuuati'Mi iiunCutymiserysi thei.ci: '/>('"•£ PBTOM CtlTTMK WANTED.—ONE WHO vuty, to mitke a very sunl il- Ktruc-tion. If the audience sat in was rapt attention SCO whatgoingon 6iusi,le;hv the m..M_-•>*—i^SlHlwww.fultonhistory.comhis m.i.st faithful ininistere triiuhle took placr;i.r.Ko)ipeiw.isin me Sox help-j.layedwhen the bi. Gcwereling Mauricio, fromCuraeoa—C. 0. Lalfce, Mrs, Iled ujiou.irizin^ .11-. Wiii,,. an uucler- p-.I.i'i ;is .special amliassudir fi.r the jiiiicslon of leiition to a disturbanc:, and hf raniiit; u.crc wasAnorJrrwas. ac>olto Uie humanwr.ire, i.,ciinK the one most ing ine count money, ..ouie one ,-.a!lcJ Ui "i-"•'-'• -Pearl-street, to uiiLifcr iht tome liiriioi woe, the claims of the ftju] ijnnj Ali-olud quite a scuffle, and some one was snovcd out of liieis the inirntlon of Dr. jfni foiiti witli hell's beniscin en his crraurt of death he w as .-stabbed ; 1 did not li.-ive lauch,BNo.631 roadway.they wer.! coi.wvi.J lo would be recognized as preemincnl, ami h.- woiUd be falcway absut liiat li.ne Mr. Peel came in and said ;mBIAniBB ALHABAO-^mS SAT.Which was Sunrises.... « 13 Sunsets.... 6 17 Moon ssts.... 8 12:"-^^"^"^^"^•ddeed, the Hfrgfhgthtffuli spbtt he io'TlWdiy portrayed.when the iBprarlTCd ho )>m luiot. a very per-fMbSui.^SSmitman they brought down asked for water while Mr.reliefofthe aforJneoffrom*iO,m»•M.OOWuringhercareer. ItIsnoteasytosayh«»w.lhrTlfGoeoa'sspellmaygo helookedoatandsaid, Thattnai(Dowdal)Istheman that stabbed mebeauty and?*, fibe is representedIn add Won to the elegant e»«^l^°'«" *'t'?"'ceptlble algh'ofnii'ttnMi the crowded room.;**^Military.nrePKonoN or the twblfth saontENT.;«hlldr«n for two yean. other rumors current to reference to the mat- StOmen on the field," was tospected and reviewed at was that the disturbance conuuenced«H{^Xtagrnfoaa to P^^^tWldTlee of tkalreooiuel, and ter is one that she devised all her property to Hamilton-square,; I heard the whichiBMntotad tlie dcik •^k ^Me genUemen of thisbotas the will has not yet been of- Mr Blankman. befered lor probate, the tmth of the rumor cannot as-Some ten since she retired from the certalnedT yearsIn which she had been so en- more public pursuit longand became the mistress of an aged and wealthy citizen, who supported her to the most exfravagantyesterday. thtogs was reversed, and thewt!en 1 heard the place was stabbed.It wasUve at Weehawken. andwas evidentspeaking, without hope. Two Prince: Julia Wet*.submitted thefol-firstAt 2 P. M. the Itoethe distance, and revived.SJJSSTt }tidaSt!^R£ Mott*c2*S^A number oiBcrloasnoted as a politician, and under wbose aus- pices she is said to have obtamed flieenrrccto respect-was and standtog by me,;it,Lilly.ite State. Hallett, fioeton, Daytonk COmgaged,forty mtoutes.put hegpttwoofthemout Ishouldparsing to toe distance, andbly Tee us—couldnot,tUnk, possi-exceedtoglygood,andthe withtheto- offcerschargedher eonnectfon with the old epeeilon commended It very highly. The exercisesit Is'M/Ml tim attention of this Board to tlie crying evil of similar relation with a young lawyer, who has since and then the men were in Third-avenuethey stood some teu or twelve (eet "Kand from whose munificence she added materi-Snail, Salem,Joha, Stetm, ^ninliiitsBt S.;tookwas formed, and the Regi- ment performed the prescribed evolutlohs to an hourJohn.Baston,Lto£rDalTntDn,s<»'e._ ..andThe drill, as Light Infentry, wasIour low foie and aft rig aiding tUs resultFersul (BT^ WoW; iSbeSi-conveyedDtkeman caught one of them, I think Dowdal, ano gave 1dm a whirl, him towardsvrith a Quariermaster at toewheel.where it w as Broadwaydismissed. Doswurth'sbandaccompa-;large as our Unian down half-mast ensignBcaea has Issoed a general order directing thatovertookand himback Mr. fled ; they brought :puKngeratsSteammsAhip Boston, Crocker, PhUadcliihU aaa a^mm.P. M. The non-commiwioned staff will reportandtant on theper,with his hand on nls side^^* innr^BeMnd.wtttUML«»toanex- edovertothePolice,and JusticeQoAOiaH- yesterdayg~alestoeruUrepassage. takepassengersto,buttowtogtheboatastwearni,dnugntU ShipCVmJBanweaiS'.VorBostOB,)Gfaaier.Oillae,W.be was once ds.. Tie Hampton lBo*ds, > ds., with faae to Barrol more on toe steamer's lee quarter. About Brothers.ta theireyes, toat he determtoed to get a hauser from toe steamer, which he at once did, andfc Co. Has had strong westerly irlnnsihr nallriilaid. SupervisorCaoox,oftheCommitteetoinquire as to what disposition the Excise Commissioners had nuide of the money received by them during the lastpur- chased at toe northeast comer of Broadway and Fui- lon-street, where also can be found an elegant assort-vlrghdaS ds.. weed. Srhr. S. Smith. WaUIng, Ylrginiaads.. wfih woad.and clethtog valued atand called to the men on the Wethaioken to oomevessel, Capt Wilson was _8hlp Palestine, Lord, LoadM. Sept. B. aad^'IMe etprison pending who avers his name to be Peterdispatch much regularity, providentially, gone down.call a frail lady known as Mrs. Elizabeth nponRobto-Capt wood, WorthiDgton,son. Shechargedhim$184fortheenterUmmentfur-pany as pilot of the Weekatekenthe Doat, when all hands were called ashore by Mr. Havens I went and told me Mr,the Itoe field music to the Adju-2 P. M.stockOenkom a Seixa;son-to-law of Mr. Kopper, testi-Lqper 4 Kirfcpatrlck. .. Steamer Peugoto, Wflllaait,P»»TMeaeei; the wound just below the right shoulder was incltoed tow ards the sptoe and upwards, entering between the lung and ribs ; the' wound on the left side was hori- On Tuesday night, the dwelling of Ellen Bnrke,_ zontal towards the right and entered the abdominalwith a»h lo King * Godniot,. ^*(L'',°lu Chrystal, Upton, Sagna Uds.. wUh to F. Talbot.Brig Marcus. Llbby. Rondont, coal. forBostoa.No. 13 Baxter-street, was entered by means of false keys and robbed of clothtog valued at (30. A man named Michael McGowan observed one Thomas Bur- dett, a youth of diFreputable antecedents, scaling the rear fence of the premises with the clothtog In hiscavity, probably two and a half or more inches; Ihighestclass toCaptWilson,of the Mnuticsuf-and Officer Golden having been informed, the supposed burglar was subseiiuently taken Into custody. Justice Wslsb committed the prisoner forcharge.rirPAarZin employpossession,at the at the time Mr. Kopper was he had sent me over on a boat ; when I came back again, I saw Mr. Kopper standing as I came up he I am glad you are come ;" I asked what wasadjourned meetingof theKtogsCountvand areLocal Taxes on commimicatlons from the Boards of;and knees, and then nin 75 or 80 yards, when 1 arrest- eharges.terms, fee., Schr.misE^lfiers say they have ascertatoed that the net to-Mr. Kopperthat stabbed him, and down,of sewers, and "ceiptshe dellvere 1 the pris- ;floor oli-ciotos, from 3 feet to 24 feet wideble and piano covers, rugs, mats, matttog, stafr rods, silver plated, Ac, Ac, at prices far below any quoted inthisCity.anticipated" deficiencyto the re-;;ta-Schr. for Bath.to the Water Commissioners' of Departmentvoluntarily.EVIDENCE FOB THE DEFEJiCK.Glenroy,Wakefield,Schr. Thomas Jefferson, Ellis, Salea 3 ds., with ak*.Butwhy. Sir, having evidently recognized suchahoiition as dictated by such humanity, why, I ask.Sir, is tills law of humanity not carried out by thosewhosedut\-itistocarryitout? Iagreefullywith extendedtoNo.343,thepropertyofJudgeFoNSA, year,reportedthatthemoney—about$13,000—wasto muchofhimthataweekprevioustothisaffafrI mentoffurs,suitablefortoeapproachtogcoldweather. Schr. Allen,AllEelnl,is, ds.,witoooaLThat Commissioner Muapax was ready to sign a check at any time for the amoimt, but one of his as- sociates entertained an opinion that the SupervisorsJokii Bonoha testifiedandUarkcta by Telesra|ih.2Srhr. Florida. Vott, Tirgtola ii ds.. wlto potatoes.Schr. White Clond, Ltoto, Tlrgiida 1 ds., wlto wood.2Schr. E. James. Dobln. Tirginb da., with poUtoea.Schr. Wm. Bunnell. Hilliard. 3Virginia ds., wood.Schr. T. F. Able, Diekiason, Mid&tewn 3 ds.Schr. T. H. Pfuvldritee Sds. Se.vBonr, KeUCT,•f the evil, and let us annihilate tlioae swJBrtlaw ifc»i»rpers ta Europe. This ca)Uiot'be'~lTone in a moreelective way tliau by sjectEng the ea^loyers of tliose marble-mantel manufactory of P. Bbown, slightly had nothing to do witii the money, and would not SamutI Rolibins testified— I was turnkey at the Jail firmer salesthethe At this the of the fire ;damaging building. progress was arrested. The loss on Mr. Fomda's amounts to $100. aud that on No. 311 to about It is believed that the fire was ofsiyii ihc check until the spirit moved him. A resolu- when McDermott was brought tliere. His face was 092S,000Chicago Sprtog$1.*..bush. No. 22S,000 bush. No. 1 Milwaukee Club at $1 ISafl345,know his character Is good.forof Sessions, are old and well-knowTi experts to theirPrison,burglary, by Judge Gaxrisoh,;and dangerously wounded the coachman who at- tempted to stop them when escaptog from the house. FeuoH has afready served a term of six years to Singdence toat Mr. Koppib was stabbed by Dowcal. If toe stabbing was done by Dowpal, toen toere wereSales ft,a00 bush. White Michigan ordtoary, at $1 45RegimentNew Church.appearance.^The corner-stone of the new St.At Curaeoa. BepC It, schr. Ann Maria, Bartick, to^ New-York, to san2lth.I.Havens -ay fo-rdielv thi't •Ctcrge's Niiie,made a creditable!ciandnaLon.present Wechawlicn btogandfelonious"Iney•" stick in my liaiid.;llowdalBASE each of the above clubsSh oll'h""s~CObK.—WANTED, BY A MTDDLE-AGKD A"Americaniroman.asituatiunascookinasmallpri-City reference can be given as toflbtjar Kapper. M'DEBHOTT AND DOWDAL.Convention, comprising Hoboken andthe FourthI to Inform my friends and casKHneri. begesterday-Judjje Oglsh and Associatetlieyoung.levilh°2i«'TM,? rH*"'''^ '.,""'ntweMout-Wc nnd st,-ick Do>^dal ovcAntoice Hob,:rt andemployedPassenirers Arrivcil.U—f» Stramshtv NewYoTf:,t-u„i Brtmm. +'.—JNG. at 7 )4the head, .sturlC nl run -lau I i..n after him, but Pa.-lin. the offic. r, c,,„Kht him lirst, a.-i I we took him down to where Mr. was: .M ".'^oliiprelBrtusing. ^mi'l and ^Uina Tiuulad. T. W.Yesa sloiii outside ol the ja'o :,nd asl.cd fnt 'oim wau-rKiiiese!,lkiiH,nfroiii(ilaye^l a base bail match uuring the Summerat No. 79East ISth-ft.,:1.Ju,p,„ rMrs. T. Hard-Gus-vatecharacter and capability. Callto the Courtsales at37c.'a37)ic.,m store. Oats dull..' o.i ," li,.v.nal s-it >wnJohn U.Boullier Angier, Joaephtoe Augier,fand servant Charles andupblow. Wm. *<i*in testified—Ibetore Mr. Kopper '^when it nowwewere,humanlyto aU thatimence at toat potatvessels were teen to hopeSchooners" Kopper was to the box ;" the yellow-colored handledDeab Sim—Aa one of tha. nsailT aizpersonshundredsiderably tornI think, the defendants, passed ttirough the gate to-nadar we owe our lives. Setter, to whOB, Ood,; I cannot howsay many aitoutes afterwards itabled to notegatefaltoew staggered him somewhat when he wheeled and;when Mr. Kopper ran out and struck himthetoto wind- wird,pickedupagigcontainingoneladyand afew Jsm.,'Uct.«,witomdseiandthere was a wound on his side and rightwhen Mr. Dikeman caught hold of Dowdal I saw him swingpermitted, of all possible help. We now perceived,to F. Perkins. Siesmer Petrel. Young,^.~"^ ProTidsnes. wltk ^^a^. ^"his hand back andand said to me, * They want to stab me."""^^ wUkw^m.^ SUp Kidrew'Mer. SaTSta*. Ureraifor ^ett. %imKity of the wounds.effort most masterly manner—heaving to to pick upour mdse.andSIB-pasaengupKopper,slungSh-i^p Anrora. Barker, Llyenool, SgepL M.-irmt—UthDm -S.forth ;Dikemangotclear ofhim,he was in the ferry-box,and as be came youktodly toterestyourselfInprocur-youngon a stool I asked Mr. Kopper if that was the man,It will bement on this subject, and 1 fuUy expect that the Pres- ident will make Capt Wilsoh a valuable present.While it seems to add toat toe crew of the properParlen brought him back; ;myofficialdutyto write the StateDepart-Bark Gem of the Seas. Fatterwm ir&i*»* tu**^ mJth.^andhesaiditwas hewas ;positiveBark Lanra, (Brem.,) WllmseB.mdse.and Rotterdam,31d—S..w-M"f«eknow that I saw McDermottthatnightCoNSACTsn,the mate ofmdse. to Charles da.,* Luting.w-i*t*h•a knife like one of those shown would have made the wounds, which were sufficient to causedeathW. H.V. S. Consul at St Johns, Newfoundland.TESIIHONIAL to capi. WILSON.BosTOH, Wednesday, Oct 17. The Humane Society have awarded a medal ofBrigwith Hhurlcia, (Dutch.) Scfaraader, >C^o<i»a»»e<o»a» Saena*t-,matter, replied,tion, cemiumption and chronicare made a wito cotton. Ac, to Co. DoIlneT,Pofcerlted and broughtRtsideHtberg Comptny, No. 3 Bobd-btbbbt, New-York. ds^. witojbinDgSlleii to Benton Bros.;Prof. A. P. PlABODT, of Harvard University, Mass. HenryJohnson, JaeksoByiBe 20 ds..seetodeathsShip Albert Oallatln, Dalano, LMerpooIt,SSeeppt.:1, withVw]Kt]h saM. 1;It was soon clear, however,Francis, Savannahl MeCready, Smith,8tJohn,N.B-D.R.Dewhensaid, Let's go in anyhow," or sometbtog to that and from her course likely to mike us out, as we Sloop F.and the two made a rush for the gate Mr.we were laying opdown, they Kopper I trustfor;perfectly hwipy to toe conscteusness of us from so dreadful a deato.saved;young man ran and Mr.ble acknowledgment of Capt Wilson's bravery and humanity.testified: I was a Deputy-Sheriff, tocut I was not thereprevious to tills, to keep a disorderly crowd down;side the some ten feet, where Dowdal was stand- gatespeciality, MS" Invalidsor whohim wito this clubof such a New-York and Erie Association, presided at the mcettog. Mr. S. L. Pas- tion, was a report of the Committee on General and 'That's the man ;" Dowdal did not stab him at toat at time of confinement, can be received to toe Instlto- Schr. Annie Grant, (Br., of Baloonbe.) Heath. Denil.Dowdal and twodid not see Havens as I came up to toe ferry-box ;—^ .was no crowd outside,onlyboysI^^Wm. ATvutrong, a New-oYnortkheofafrircierv,altoefsttifhieedfetro-Sylph. Kewcomb, EUsabetopint, withsitting ; Isawthecutin|»^GibraltorftSttoVt5fcSdi.i:shinglesPkysiciaH Graefen- jr. Lady Astria,theyThe was soon made out tobe a;near our and little fleet of beats,roundingSteam«hli> Saladto. (Br. •crew.) Beaid. nantaiLDistrict-AttorneyphysiciansfromNew-Yorkwhomadeihewut-mortem heavypressofcanvas,agatotogatotoewreck. Smt.'lVbrt.4«.lI0rBa.nB,;,,SchT. CamU, MelsoD, EUBabethnort, with eaaLNew-Haven.Thomas Ki ffy testifiedabout 35 years; I am uncle to McDermott, and htve Hollowat'b Pills and Ointment for Croup,known him stoce he was about five years old, stoce Scarlatina,to Benton Bros. " ' Schr. FrankUn Bel], Robinson, Doboy Idaad t ds.&c. Look at the result of our City medical practice heard anythtog agatost him before McDermott Is a yet, wherever Hcllowat'b medlctoes have been used; butcher to the employ of John Farrell.not one case has proved fataLfiour, Ac. to Sturges, Clearman A Co.Schr.Wm.E.Leggett,Johnson,Alexandria3*r.,'*ffal.Schr. S. C. Jones, Jones, Alexandria 6 ds. wito coaLMSchr. O. P. Binns. Cook. TirdniaSds,, wtth weodT^years, during hanger.do also toe hats of Knox, which can be elegantSchr. Van Name. Sophronia.A.—There never was a better man proposed to take him in partoershlp.;Schr. Maria Elixabeth, Bowker. Yliwlnia3ds., wood. I thought so Schr. S. S. Alexandria thave known Dowdal seven or eight years as far as I ;BnrrALo, Wednesday, Oct 17—« P. M. Flocb steady and in fair demand. Wheatbuildmg tion was adopted directing the County Treasurer to bloody and his shirt was torn; McDermott gave toe na 14.000 bushels extra do. atobtain the money. F. S. SrALLKSNCirr complained toname of George McDonnell.i>r. Josiati JJombtuu-tr testified that he was called toScfar. Antores, PioviaeDoe, fbr Carson,the Board that he had t)een compelled to pay a fee of;I%i]adalBfala. Cfaarter Oak, KeUey, Boston, tor Albany.Oat»—Small salesjSl^rthem. This remonstrance was signeO L<y the o'clock last night, a fire occurred to tlie grocery-store up in jai! awaiting trial. The matter was referred to inches on toe left side of the forchead,which descend- on Flour ITHc. on Wheat 16J4c. on Com to New- Schr. R. H. Wilson, Davis, BmokhareaSds.bush, atFiEE IN A Gkocert-Stork. Between 11 and 12 $6 for the privilege of bailmg a boy who was locked attend Dowdal at the Jail, and found a cutatxiut l\ 2fcc. WBisBTnomtoal at 'Jlc. Casal Fbieghis. 60c.cz-heddentsoftheGermanSociety,menwhohaveheca mBiut>ers of this Board. It was further s't^ed%vtheBoardofDeputle-«oftenBenevolentai»dEm-occupiedbyJacobFnnc.It-wasextinguishedtiefore housewaslaidovertillNov.7,towhichtimethe Johnt'arreUtestifiedSchr. Acklam. Munr, Boston 6ds.Schr. Cabot, Hoser. Providence Sds.Scbr.Avoca,Ireland,Stonmrton3hours.theLawCommitteetoinvestigate. Thequestionas streets, to selecting a site for the proposed County Court-Two Public Chabactebs Disposed of.—Thos. McCartt and Hxnbt Fciiojr, each recently sentenced to ten years' imprisonment to the Stog Stog Statepast very(juletyears;BarkWIND—Sunset 8. E.toe evidencepublic place. year. McCartt was, a few years ago, sentenced to toen torust out to toe ferry -gate tiefore he came to con- and wanted sales bush, ata The Stog Prison burglary, and has been out about one DowdalOn Friday morning last, Hra. J^iia Avocsra name of Wh. B. ASToa and other equally proaitoent 21 vears' Imprisonment to New-Jersey, for burglary, tact wito Mr. Korpxa, who put toe men out of toe and 4,000 bush. Canada West, at 83c.; S.SOO bush.Elm andcitizensweresignedtothenotice. butpardonedlastyear theinterventionofa rate..Fourth Policeperforming a PxTKB Hraxs, comer of Myrtle-avenue and Graham- mencement of the difficulty between MoDxaiion andShip Red,$130a«l40;White,$146«tl65. Coaa pilot-boatthesundiT persms, to the extent of nearly tMO, from Hay BicK Markit, who It Is aliegesi entered the house of murder. He toen traced toe evidence from the com-C.H.MatshBU, No. S.Celestial Emiin-4hlp, steering K.,wai BlgaaltBed.Oct.«.Ut.4l«SfloariA^ ^ ^ .._ „ _ «_ Jane iaad Isabella—Br. hark, froa PiinBirtais ftrSO to Vet 1. Rev. Mr. GAUaunn isgreat worh among the deaf motes, and is worthy of all encouragement.firmfirm; Yellow,__. ,. .street on Tuesday night last The accused wastoe German on toe His toeory was, that as bridge.changed.70c.«72c Paovisioas and un- steadyCorn! firm. Wbisxt active, 22Mc. CiBcimiATi, Wednesday, Oct IT.Mr. Huns snd committed to Texfxbasok.—John B. Oouoh deUyersPisL was pushtog MoDBBHon up toe bridge by toeSanswer.circumstancesshowingthatNortoShe will ba;for Western mixedat 363$c. for State. BA£i.i:T dull, but prime scarceTfaeferigFalmonto, lyingatFlerNo. 5, and bonnd lo Havana, has sprunga leak. taken 00 toe Sectional Dock for examination.Riyer,Mo- Dxxaon was handed over to Mr. Koma, slung ;ChriatianAssociation.MiLiTABT.—The Fourteenth Begiment, Col A. been stabbed until faifbrmed byHAVia; Korpisthen Niw-Obuaib, Wednesday, Oct IT.* Basngite Fr.ship.AM.3B,lat.2TW8..len.lTWW.morning,andtoecasewillgototoeJury. Mr.O.A.SiiZAs,ofPhiiasklfhia,Wednesday,Oct.; I have never;with to N. Dickinson.sales 40,0(i0ed to the seull ; ;atScfar.Scbr. Kendors, Sargent Boetoi 3 ds., with Hianiida blow of toat ktod ought, he to knock a man senseless.York.WheatCanal iiyor<»—9i,000 Com.have found him a alwaysman 1 do not ;and 5c. lower. Wheatsales, 91,000 bushels, at 89c. for NortoTalisman, from Stockholm.;Imports—8,000—Ncw-Vork, and am a butcherOats. h. Wheat and 12,000 bushelsI reside inSchr. Two wito Boys, Ward, Virginia,know that 1 ever saw either of tocse knives.The defence here rested. ^Mr. Wakkmak toen arose to sum up for the defence.He dcsfred to know of the District- jlttorney whetherFloubdull,firm, butappealpilot-boat;Flottb maritet closed yrith a tendency, decBninghisMen's toat DowsAL stabbed Mr. Korrsa while the latter was 2c. Whibkt, deduied lie, at 18c BAOto—HoldersateeoT.Bepublican Absexblt Nominations.—The 73c. Pbovisiobs quiet Whiskt steady at 3Sc.a24c.eBOMOE STBCKx PIANO-FOBTE MANDFACmJBBIt ^No. 86 Walker-st., near Broadway, New-Yon;. _whoci>M.ct"wari:s („ir l,o:it I nadjiist 1 y tne Clifton gcntleuen. The Clifton Chibstai'inL.' allhu.irfs„^s Icrrv-raa'U-r al theUr.i,, Pidestint,fromLondon—W.C.Hall,H.Carter, required. German^areftirredont'.cJesb>op lortunitv s-^m^:- li'iic while!i, „T?hewiUbti a.i6i£i^d durtu£ihiilecture,itiaiailto»/Ihala;itsiDieasely luutMr,Koppercameiuandbald,•iamstabbed, ^des, Mr.ilihyacWidSsliiopfrcoutoeoccasion. SwillBMk.itci««T.iihwd.uaiBsUait»...iiHUntitled Documentlo after"2 pann.hed g'ff-a' K"°^,tr'i;j„SSn1 | Biea WAUB—this »av.Jer.'«y City,7,'J50 bales.Sataitnah, Tuesday, Oct. Itt.Uayui'iilonu. auo u ;j.ie a remarkably ^ne appearance.Base BaU.St OKOHGE'S CKICKKT CI.LB TP. CLIFTON" BenK.C. H. Schiopel,uTrVv Nosach. G- Vu.,';er. lady, 1 cbildiru1.MrT andO. t^uilivan, Mr. aurvil'e, Mr.CLCB OE STATEN Ifll.ASD.Klise I'r.v.InfantUr.v,iliis resort, and who eombiiie hcalllLlul ueii?]ilfuirruise vr:li annisement, some membere 'if the^e^v-llriJ;hlon Cricket Cluti belnnirini?rtship Anna S. \U~* h- CtirieT, Carter. Miss Eatarine Smith,Jlill.Urn, T.G. Plank. C. C. Noakes.erence French orfrom9 to 1 o'clock atNo.MWeBtS0th4Amost entertainel hospitablyrftiiru miitch wa?nu-m.l vester<'ay.Ui>M,-A hy 21 to 7, hut ;'h.w^H""'J"'."'^*'';^J' In tturk Vtnus,from Curocdo—Joseph Agostiui, Jr. Iflamlc.s in the b..spi:alllicj aticmlmt? i"*- "?.•,•'"«'„" i,,'A sumptuous eiiterliiinuient wa.^ ,M..v.dci. J;^r . . .l"SAsIta.nEdsStIoHeANwith New-Tork City retd) trade.thet lut,-h..ns.. of t^l. spacious l'«-'";sy'tas-^-.^sI' saredfromtoeunfortunateComiaugU,allow CiamwellACo.; tS?however, the cry arose,timeM, passed an duringAnushis, •taowtor thewlto passengen, and then earrytos on, under a'toe who seconded his commander, and to brig, nobly— Justice Connolly. The proceedtogs were Dr. Luther Vast was called, and described the w hose great ktodness while on board we are all much o ?i'8,?*'Xj*'?2?*"5.'*' *"'•'' Holt, EtogstoB. Jtoeconsider that the wound on the right side caused fer, and a silver medal to Tbomab H. Connauton, mate, Barnecat, took a gale from N. E., dnrlac whichdeath.The Court now took a recess until 2li P. M.AFTCBNOON SESSION.board deck- load of;logwood tbe vessel laboring and tbip-13 bushels Red Winter, $1 18. Coan closed firmer;48,00033,000for No. 2. in store. Coni? steady83)ic.'2i84"sc. ]0,tlOO bushels Receipts—37,000Sailed.Habana, for HaTsns and Nev-Orteans Steamships ;5,000Rtz—Sales 4,000 bush, at ;6c.HlseeHaaeaaa.;;4,000 good Seneca, 74c.,UciSSfic.bushels Corn bushelsgrades,52atlCobk steady, at 67)(c.;sales 20,000 bush. Oats active,of thebrig;toTanderblH, booad E.shu> Haaha8:iliiBH wsilsiUhung by it for several hours. In this much time and parsengers to Bowland * rfratCk&gfaHB. Had taa- toe gratitude of all toe friends of humanity for toe ping large quantities of water. Has been U da. M. &noble conduct of toe was also adopted.Captains,LxrroB andWnsoir,Batterar.Schr. Neal W. Thompson, Wilmington. W. C.. » dS,.with naval stores to E. S. Powell. Has experioeedheavy N. £. gales, split sails, and has been ( da. K. ofthe of Delaware. (JapesSchr. Kate Weston, (of New-Haven,) Adam, Malasa Sept 16, passed Gibraltar Sept at, wlto fknlt to Fozk Scofield.SchrJCrystal Palace, Patterson. WOmington, N. C_ IS ds.. wlto yellow pine. Ac to Teller A WestScfar. Lisnra ^« Gertrude, CamplMffl, Charleston 8from toeseSchr. J. Lehman. Tilby, JacksOBTBIe »HoBAOB GaxBLBT, ^the NetD-York TrUmne. shingles Schr.[A4v«rttaaneat.jEstablished Twehtt Yeabs ^EbBAM Ajideb- wito shingles to Benton BroTat 0,000of toreeCotton—Sales to-day 1,400 bales, with a better roved my instruments with the latest improvements, IHouse to con-Tlicy -.vtrc dressed in Plail. H Daniel M-rlc-. Kacioiph.Charks l-ai-cirf ai.J family. Chrmuo: avd Au- nasi.' lliirpel- C. H Wa-tr, Warren»..C^rrl Albarn, Heo-gtxti Goodaa^ist in the wasMneand iroutog.from thtir last place. Call at No. 447 nh-at.,near ad-av., ;n the tear.,Aoblyik•Stemmship. MointStaaBMT Josephine, Girten, rhnsiVJelils. with m^m. WNew-York, Sid. nth. Oct. lAstfCa^a^aHenkipen, had a heavy IVemN. gale13. wfthSej«t ooiree, Ac., to Henry AIte^^mL,away forctopmast and Jib-boom>had to thirno*w o-; family goodpineW. J. F. DAILEY h CO.has had ezperienoe aad can {nmish undoubted.toR.W.RopesACo.Schr. Hamilton, Rvder, Georgetown, D. C, C <da—.,."wiitahi..ye'_ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 tMittititimmiaiim^iamsSlettttimiiiAs