 ever may b* We frow W* government or Napoleon LIL » tf Nepeaeoai HI were seriously opposed to tho poll cy <K K*g Vieisr t a M M t , Ow appeawsnee of a largeLord Ekh and Boron (Iron bare arrived, nnd toft again lis. 64. Privately, 1 900 bags bare cheu<»dbonds tow brown Itoto at ols . do Kh*uat8i* foreum; 943 hbda. 16 tiersea, wtfi Obex Porto Rioo pertly s o l d a t 3 6 * S O . a 4 0 * . t ! • . « « m m i t d d < a i l l i u u t u E ; Wt o g g < « > o < * * * * * * * a j s * 0 4 . a-4U tormidutogaray.andeO* fid afito. fur tow t» fi-eAHer a gianre at bor geoea»cgT,s« sBqrisn to **« o^?£ ral popularity of women as r lers to. Euglaud.aad u the is.ppointmen of the Briilsh peoplo on tbe death of w o2 J 1 o i r u - e . » o . * • « i « e whtoh M l > • " * * 1 ^ * 1 0 t a » e la the Much** haa bami eleattj forewe^.being retarded by the until** atate ot the country in tints ioUnrwwrnricoo,3Ta fid a So* «1 tor tow mlJdlmg to.good mid- dluTbrowB,»ta.ld for l»w yfllow.ondoO*. a 44*. t»r to. in gooe pale yell..*; 1.482 baskets Java puUy i « u dyou. g ebo waa ricketty and weak in the ftohtos. nnd somenpvrpbeuMon extoled thai sne might iuhorlt lbs meo- tsTtoOiILity of Georgt, t " » • « . Healthy traiolag oreuJToTkfo,^^i^|£^e«rSe entrance* toe ^mMtaWtv^mtoUm BUM at the Church. We s n b j e t e a t e w e x t - a c t a s—[From tbe made, Sept 14-1" The importance of this decision oaaaot N w M t a t attamiioa of aay one ; to U the oomaaeocement of a new -«•— of We Italian qoeetico. Wa ofibr op oar ardent £ £ « ihaTib* mtuVeniaoa of Piedmont mar not leal to a?y othmTTbe plea of the Italian ooMUrrarOntwo, as we have tvequenUy pmated out, area prectosly by Itt ax-Jeawtofo^H*iawattoa»anmaadecWadpoamon(iadi chivalrus twatings ahe haa now done so. lie- twesa her aad tha advaatorart of all nation* who ham claoed theanaetvec in tha pay ef lulun counter revolutionth7oUe*k»a eaaaot be douwiful Many persona a w l i e n aetrrs whether it would not hare been better to hare al- lowed Urn people to hove enacted their work of>aaoooipe- I.G* and l a w t o r t not gtwon any pretext for foreign In•J^watm-Tloroim ^ T ^ ^ T I ^ ' t ^ ^ as they hare taken ptaoe. awl known from which sidebate come—she la aware who has oor pared t*m rnrowtton tn lntomltm. and who has peachedreturoea eu.i>ty. She had a good appetite, which "LOIOW i m ; 8t Petersburg Y C. on the soot 68* 64 ; ahe retains to thla day. Ber taiellectual and moralof respectabilityaad position,exceptsofaraatheypas-t o q u o t e a n a r t i c l e o n W nWe ooiumss of a New York paper ''Three of'tbe msmtoners two o-apctated by We Cuambu ot while We Board of Underwriters appoints two.~:tnhavtog no Kuenebtettos te the fioard; bat ths tojssttoa tofor benSth Mr. Ward anlted on the fifth tnnt , In law United States sfeamship Bar Hard, and ibn Bnssiaa Minis- t a r « t h e e - h , a t h a S v e i t a n a .Ttoougheut the f7ntest, ateGovernor Bewsro and party tefl Dobti*iso on Friday evening en rotate tor Ewawawa, and arrired at this poist tost night. TbetlovejnuwBSBeesmwbaAsawprwndtorec^at one of tbe way stations on Wo rleexUton and St. Joseph lUllroad.adeapatchinthefoUowlngwords:—tton of his rights os s otUxon sgstesl 0r a t c o m b i n a t i o o , w h o s e a a W o r u y a n d s c t s a - e every principle of ansntrtettesnl jssttos, 01 eiiber to himself, his ,HOoteBtonal brethren, or assyntn.T h e L o n d o n n n d L i v e r p o o l C o m m e r t i s l Glxvovlanaa.JAMBo BaTorm AMD CO-8 CrMCOT.A».O o t o b e i t o U o a a s a f t o r , 6 2 * 9 < t . . e a d J a n u a r y t o J t a r c h , 53B. 3d.; St. Pettraburg a«ivicea reput pttoe49»t 1 R ; assort ap to yesterday, »S Of* csoks Bxohauae 3 6 ^T o u s o w - n o u g h quiet ot 8a M. a »«.; AuwriciOa o u c a t t o n w a s a s s o s n d a s b e r p h y B t a a l o n e H e r snotber cuefit ly iocoloaied in her a love tor We Protea- tont religion; Gtsrasan was aim nt her nursery tonguage; ahe U ar*eo French asdltaHan pu<botay, and knew a little Bpanuh. ttoew-BalooanaoCJOitetobedBSwid^^ ralwt. At the age of eighteen, oo June » , l t t t , Obebo. oame Queen, to onnsequenoe of tho death of s ^ e n c t e , WlUiam IF. The lecturer descrl'XKl theae^mbtage or theJA3 A SHUtUT,B. & WAPLE*. and thirty e*bers.H « y ' « w AT CBIUPOTHS.Of course bo did not enpeet tbat bo vcneM have beenItaly, conformably to tho policy procaimed by the EmperorNapcleon. Tbe latest events that hare occemd to 6a. for good middling, lftfi casks, 1 063 bags native 0*y•No more gold has been sent into the BankThe market for the English funds to quiet and pricesBnt—We have the honor to inform you that, selectedby the votes ot the Superior Council of We African Insti- to-night. Wa have been travelling In a land of friends tute, through Weir Committee of Presentation, you hare u d brethren, through many Stales, from Maine te Mis- bten chosen honorary Vice President of this society. We souri—alotig we shores of tbe ocean, along tbe shores of congratulate you We more on your nomination, as the the great lakes and We hanks of great rivers aad 1 willNEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. 1860.-TRIPLK SHBBT.for good pato erjatoiiaed, and fits, f u fine do. fiOfiO) bagsen eneiast Weir reoeequst by the Aajstrtea »•*«*• J* taprovodeondtUon. The allied tiaopiiMM ^ •"*•** Bei.gal tol • st 4U aASs.fid. for tow togecd yellow tia'pot- | «.t Kmninsaa s a d Stow Prtsacn nf W n l e .TOThte case bos tetottedSrUfir.HUHJ. « « ** »*« suppose that a aaaWasMd nsnvo- as neat towarda Nautstoog, hare return*, not e n o u wtah,wd it* fid a 46* lor good gratsy &**2*m<+tlve Madrse wwre puUy real'sel: Hate at 80*. a 32* 6i.,low to aood brown cone,fit* a»4«., and toe w sowdyellow doV, HO a » v , Ifiwfi ong* Jagguy brought ad follows:—I - S i l x i u * eaaattu »» ehnraewr, eqoavato totoiltgtbte lac the rebels as «*s anticipatedE ^ ^ e a w ^ s T e e - tquuij snteuoel * »«• stfectn-oan Tw7of the rebel chtoto hart been taken by the impart-IMr J A idoons recently delivered a tootore in this coty, to which he gave a sketch of the Qu«ou end Prteoe,comment from ths of tbosnbjaotLnuncialvm 0/ the Final JSnodsU <f *Vse PrindgUt persecuted individual te ft position to 1 stent tholea* toaayo-tug ia*a a M M fuotel stotaat, srh*t- elwis and killed.without that proper2Ve apeedtof fit Jfitojeairt^flbwwd *«qwiea • * # Itefk - would tend to place aa ., , „ > m S a r d i n i a n f r o n t i e r w o u l d h e a m o r e£ & i a^tgtT.ocnt.t mode o< protesting thau We martwtdadrawal of an imp-rial diptomaiat from T ula. It Is the new crop coming for ward stead > and in small purcels, FHtow 196 WtdT 17 tteross uabft snusoovado sold at toil of n«nt, with a view to bar future peeltt in Waeo reryIn teas we have to rep *1 but n bmall bminew dotog,H r i n c S * t - b u i o t t e , M r d s d o o n s s t a t e a t h a t Q j e e a V t c t o rta was expressly educated b? her moaner, the DuchessThere has been n little doing in English gray sheetings,-aTeeteiy sassum* that thla happens becvue now*4 T cloths and Amatlean drilli, during the pant fortnight, 42a. 3d a 45* farMas U to 14 ef middling quality; 1,532 vented this. She was brought up at the ee* side, atIs We first place, the gSwawMswsw. qualification] of Itoftea have not boos fortetreses, sat has his pn chuacsub^ssismMsd An expnneaao ofLnnuoot, Friday, dent. 14, ISttBreedstufft —Notwithsundlag the catinnoUoa of fine sputteSl- a SI* fid.weather throughout the country, the extreme dullnessnoticed on this day week boo given place to a morecheerful foeitog, end choice wheat has improved slightlyla value, being wonted tor mixing with nee fiugl»h,which is coming to market in poor condition Flour torather firmer, but without alteration in quotations, Oddthe same may ho said of Indian corn. The continentalmarkets are agate rather lower, whtoh is attributed large " ^ i t f o t t t t 'oftorteg. 8atos today lu,090> bales,roade shore manifest by the foot that, as far as the Uaator-partly to the good weather geoorally prevailing, bat is owing mainly perhaps te sympathy with tbe heavy de- cline which took place tost weak in this oountry.OOOwLim AMD BMi.RT'8 FXRiaHf BBPOKT. Lo«Dos, Sept. IS, lean.MadwanrwS wow deservedly eulogized Be and the^Dok^e of Wellington proved excwleot adtrtaers to We youngAbout oneyeuemee tho Board ofwteood tbat thetr interests desnanded a Islrtioo, elected two of their tespectorc-beth seams*, and one an acknowledged pilot, for Wia portion of the osaat,Immediately foltowtog the date ef our last report aSpTorusade H ^ « l « • ti»franohlseanent of Italy. We very favorable change took pace ia the weather, whtoh Go a27* td. tor pots, sndtSa.fi t. a « K for peajto.'« CIR0f/(.AS. hWAKsWfBLD, NASH AND CO.Oonos.—Tbe saorket bos ruled vuy aotoTO torougoost tho whole of tbto week, owing to the wj»»t»*«* •* *•* weather and better reports fr en Itaeoheeter, on_t atorge business ken malted at on improvement on tost week s race of Md- per lb , but closing ratberqatouy. end awhtch she doctored her tore for, and atoyottoetet^ssBiitish oonstttution. Twenty thr.e years have etoiiaedsince that time, and te so one tnsttoc* has she awerredfrom It ^ e was fortunate to her Ministers. The agree*. station to see and hear him. He CAme out on the platform billty. tact, good taste and aondly knowledge of LordwTstors are wscernsd, they have on 1 petactte examine, prseticalty.arnont, u to conduct such examination upon say \ cept tbat furnished by tbe coast survey charts of ths I bu.wmrn gonerally correct that certain Powers would not u r out; this ieade us to anticipate that 0*1 freights eon moo at 5* Id a 6s 2J ; medium •* 6s 4d a 9a. lor tow so oeceesary to make on excellent husband He bad a good agreeable. "But," said be, "which of then? do yonroxard with dlsptontnre the intervention of the king, which nested with grain will bo Boatotamed, and that Indirectly would appear to them of a uatnre to lead moraapeediky the shipping interest wUl he generally beneotted Daring to ft European underHanding. It to true that the poet week, more particularly, wo have bad an activeflue, and a small lot of virgin at 14* per c*t understanding, and knew his wife* weak points. It wsetvuKMiaB —The market is quiet for spirits, with *a ee •aid that We Q«een manifested a penchant for Lord mean t" "Oh," said the other ," I never thought of that,a 3is. per owt , to arrive ani ex Riubinaioue, but objection being raised to auob a m*r- sod, at on events, I don't care if I have her." 80 with ofSr/0w0.n_•b-i,a..a»t.8s1i*. 9a.u. .fti* ••Mrnmx.Inarrive anIex rtngebereceivedthegovernmentofMadrastogethtmiiy of any tribunal beyond thetr own.Tnat shipmasters approaching the coast, andanrrtegtho provinces In dependence on General Lanoriciere can- Ion, at 62a. fid. a 64s., for good ordinary to good udiaarynot be yet known In Paris. Probably people are still ig- well picked. 134 cases, 18 bag* Calicut at 7Is a 72i fid steach at the cloetig quotations of yesterday. Consolsnorant there that the insurrectlen to simultaneous and 617 bags TeUicherry at 70*. fit. a Tls. 61 67 caw* N.Hi- are 98 '-> a V ior money, and 93 hi a *', for the ace <uui At' icen Institute was founded wiw a view to tbe acoom not oeny Wat o u footsteps have been made pleasant by general, and that tt progresses to tha cry of "Viva Vttto- gher ry at 84k fid. a 90s. 368 bags Singapore Java at 61a. Rxehequt r bills u e Is. a 4* premium ludtastouk 210 a pliblunent of a gr. at work—the regeneradon of the Africanrio Emmanuele, nostro Re'' Men don't dtooou annexa- for good brown, and 66s. fid. a 60* for black and mixed. 10, ditto eve per cent loan 103'-, a %, 4ve ant a halt perWe sou of Missouri Wis morning, at ten o'clock, feeliegte resent tbe portrait of John Brows and to gate aces- rate informal ice aad perhaps offer propositions tetton to tho exploration ef the isle of HayU. He gave us directions how to proceed with respect te Wstion in the Roman nrorinoeo. l b s question is less that of 379 bags Malabar at 65s. 64. for fine ordinary. 300 bags uniting themselves to another atate than of shaking off Guatemala brought 62s. a 65s. 61 for good ordinary mix ton yoke of theooratto power, of proclaiming the sove- ed to good ordinary. 22 packages Jamaica sold at 61s areignty of Victor Emanuel, and constituting tlnly.flho Italians hove hitherto hot followed tho counsel, full of authority, or the Emperor Napoleon. "Unite y o u - 've*, •sow he, in his msmnrabto proclamation of thot of Juno, lacw, "Uaito yourselves with one sole idea, 8thcent rupee paper lOi *•-., and the dve per cent 96 a %' Railway shares are generally firm at the further imWat, although we had a right to regard We people of Mis-Bare they done anything more than unite themselves,milil»ruy organise themselves, and hasten to the standnrda of King Victor Enanuslr Ou government, if ttwished to, could not hesitate tor a single instant to pro-tect tha populations of too Marches and Umorin, nnd ac-cept thetr Town. By on dotog tt would fall from power,nnd abandon the direction or the public weal to the un-certainties of aeons parties, to tho ambuscades of others,and probably to anarchy, which would prepare the wayto foreign Intervention, which toot would toad to the loss at a decline or 2s a Cs, per quarW-r. The last average of all the advantages hitherto obtained. price of English wheat was 02*. 104. ou 66,117 q cartersWhen the annexation of Tuscany was about, tho Oontti- returned, we quote white American wheat, c»6i. a 60s.; totomwal torusaw deceptions, ennntoto, bitternesses. Tho red, 64s. a 68s. per quarter; flour, 26*. a 80s. per bbi.P n e l t l c T e l e g r m p h .[From the Cincinnati Commercial, Sept. 22.]pbitanthroplsts, ot politic*! cc looiusis. of travellers, and dom, through trials and sufferings that have com- el mutioouiei, that it can ever eeoomplUh lta object, meuoeu its young and growing peope to the rot- Council, on We receipt of y o u written acceptance, respect of mankind and to our peculiar sympoWy. will deliver > our diploma, and will cause it to be sent We proposed to be quiet travellers tuoagh the Sute ofsnnonatloa of Tuscany wan a neoassity, and it became afact. It has facilitated the union of the rest of Italy; it•tay even be said that tho uatoo of Tuscany haa been tbereal pritcipie of Italian unity. Just so wo have conii- fitf.*Wl PUH>. deoce that the prognostics of Use Oonttiauumnd regardingno fear of being harmed ta We oountry of bis btrW and of bla affection. Bat I stated that foot for the purpne of showing bow agreeable to tbe fraternal welcome It to full of promise. I pass over all that has been said to ma of consideration f u me. There are subtests on which I take no verdict Irom my fellow citizens. I choose to take the approbation, if I can get it, of my conscience, and to wait till a future age f u We respect and const tora- tion of mankind. (Applause) But I will dwell for one moment on Wis extraordinary scene, full of assurance on injany points, sad interesting to every one of you as it totho movement to tho Marches sod in Umbria will not boThe Emperor Napoleon knows tho condition of those provinces better than any other goreramentof Europe. Ha ha* studied them, grieved over their sorrows, aad at f u m u periods endeavored to relieve thorn. Now thofruit to ripe, it rniot be gathered. O u government has advanced, and cannot retreat. Europe la now called upon to choose between Victor ahwanwai and the revolution, between constituttoool monuahy and anarchy, net weenDscos—2S0 cases camphor bought In at £7 10s a £8.23 bales jalap chiefly sold at 3*. lid. a 4s 4d. 16 i v msIpecacuanha sold at go. 7 4 a 4*. 91. dearer 1 282 pact-ages nux vomica chiefly sold at 12s a 14s. 6d. 100 boxes tbe "New York and HiBSiseippl Yattey Printing Tele-•tar aniseed—« few sold at 78* for rather mouldy nod graph Company," and tt owned and employed onlybroken. 203 cases Japan wax bought. 1,240 cases cas- the House bruiting instrument. Som- time in 1864 it p ir To urr, rHSVAUSR HIPPOLTTS OS sft. Aarrawts, SeoretitryThe government will toko tho responsibility of these SodSfl^Tua^ty^ ^ '" ^facta lathe free of Italy, of France, and of Europe; and teMoa—The next quarterly sales are now fixed for 9th we are quite persuaded, that whatevu may be the opi- October. The quantity at present declared is 10,800 nion tha lmaartol gavornmsnt may now form on tho even isthat have occurred m the Soman provmoes, tho alliancewmaot be weakened. Now that Italy is in n tram toconstitute herself, rrenoe will uot be willing to br«*k anolUaaoe, las aim of which was pruiUely that cooatitu-one that probably furnishes some key to the secret of its stronger than God—and wh'ch, waer«ru triumphant, success, is the circumstance that nearl; all of tbe stock has brought forth weeds, ash* s and blool as its only frura,to held by its directors and officers, so that its eoooomy so witness We emanctpatioaol Jt Domugo aud tne Bri- is determined by persons who u e vitally interested in i'n tish West Indies, and w e horrors of the coolie traiil; in(Kuthufctaetlc applause ) Let me tell you this simple truW: Wat though you live In a land ot slavery there is not a man among you who does not love slavery leas than bo loves We Union (Applause) Nor have I ever met the man who loved freedom so much under any of the aapects involved te the present Presidential issues as be loved tbe Union, f u it is only Wroogh the stability and perpetuity of this Union that aay blessings whatever may be expected te descend on tbe Amert-nu peoplethat no oee would eupec* Wit aha has African Wood to ber veins, she looks lih« an Rngtoh woman in b u buss, she did tot dine with us vhia is one of We peculiarttisset Baytien society Twoof We aides-de-camp, dreuediehasd some military cortunv «, sat at table, making five of « la all. We remained till ehoui nine. Gefirerd has fin* em- verestional power*. an4 delights to We company of ujtat- ligeat foreigners. Tbe President Is very anxtoes te sro- mote an educated emancipation from We Northers states, end his ministers are about to initiate vigorous aseamrts to teform the colored people of America of W* advantages of HayU as 0 boms tx•lbs AT rtosn Vice. I had as interview with Inssathe aad Plslsanee. SBcretartes of State, and, both of them, sase, spoke wiW istercat on We aama subject I drew up s programme for them, of measuresnoosBeuy toJ*a4op*sl and pledges and a>araatees te be given, and Wey wtl carry it out.They ba-e raised a\>out «4,000 (Atanrtean) ta Port m Prince for the John Brown fund, bat it will be l»P°an* ble to discover hew much has been raised in tbe rcpabttf*••••e«The tatoaigenos from *epieB has produced the moot at Turin Tho nomination of tho-*ptouded. ltoJlmudtng ever th* float U ^ itT^J^^S to atonnmost imand J H. Wade, of fJtovetead, continues to be tho geuarni agent. •talked of misunderstanding b o t s u « ^ a * f ^ w J J Moi tioow —About 110 puncheons Antigua sold at 19* Jtt1u fiO Baibadoes at 20s, and a small quantity of Dominica atsuperintendents The fact that 'the Tcntraotfor the payment of the forty thousand del- fortune and a crime, and a clinging ounse to We<nselvesSTSX JsraaaaisiiaSr18a.CUB—Ftoh quiet: sellers of sperm at £109 a £107, paleand Weir children Even now the spectacle i* presentedthe tnlted States government, for the conveyance of its to the world of eight millions uf white frecm-u delibe- A ithough many of them come from distant • ands still theia ems*.FBASAB ASB CO.'fi SMAMBBAB crjaCCLAS.J^E^r^^^^^^^^^^^^outchanBeiBr-.. Uhad been killed, *htie Br B StouUj averres teat an, sought to do so wlW all retpect to gentlemea whos* mo visit -t. Louis, and will sptftk te Chicago 00 Tuesday, thoxtkWS.Teats, Sept. 15,which was can-tices," and America retains Blares te •his deaeendtats. v-rid. (Loud applause—Voices "That to so.") I againdent and Miss Lone, says the Wsshtogton **^**TMZ reh66s. for good to fine ordinary, and 683. fit. a 763. for floefine ordinary to middling. 48 bales ttocba sold at U8* a ing change. 120a. A floating cargo of 2,450 b sen Santos sold last weekat 60s. for a near port.cittaens aa strangers, If not as aliens sad enemies: butWis welcome Wat greets us bore surpasae anyWing that ject, personally chugteg himself with We duty of seetsgTEAmarketquiet. .CommonCongou,Is 31.aIs 3 .1 per-lb.CLOOS OF THS MAKXR There has been next to no bosineos transacted te tho English funds to day, and prices otoeed without citanga,we have expuieaced la o u sojourning* from Baagu, In We Slate of Maine, to Wia place. Tbe discovery that here there is BOmuch of kindness for us, so much of respect ana consideration, takes oa by suprise. (Applause ) Imy propositions entertained. We hod not been there tan minutes before aa officer entered and sold that some one wss waiting for an interview; the President replied that be would bo engaged for on hour u two. I expected, wort fore, that Wis would be the length of the totorvwr; butittootedfromWreeP. M, tt1nineu ton. Wera peatoily offered to leave, not warning to occupy so mute of his time; but, with that politeness of phrase whtoh only FYeochmen end Haytisas posses*, he Insisted tostwe should stay After talking on hour u two, 1 told hia I had two favors to oak of him; first J o see that We proper officers acknowledged the receipt of the bust sf John Bream, that Mrs. Stearns had sent to him, s s i second, to offer to Mrs. Louy (the wife of We eotored man who fell at Harper's Ferry) a special teviiatioa to make ber home tn HayU. I said that I hardly knew her, but thought It would* be rendering a deserved hoou to tbe memuy of Mr. Leery, to make the offar te htt wife. His tow tn the North, he said, had only pre vented We acknowledgement of the bast of Joss Brown, whtoh he highly p>ised sad had placed to nil private satoon (parlor); for tbe second, he would bt happy to recognise, by such on invitation, his appre- ciatioc of We devoti a to the eause of liberty which lad Mr. Leery to an untimely end. I don't pretend to give his exact phrases, but We substance only, f u b* speaks vuy tost, and I only understand French when slowly >re rtoenced. Talking about emigration, the prejudice of cotW (not only to We United States but HayU), tbe cooditios of the country, Fetishism of the rural populaUoa, the Ju* ficulttes which beset We work of reform here, his oarsCon-tR.—A further advance has taken place ofv l .p waccount. >he African Institute has already outage! the support of we did not propose te visit St. Joseph. Tnere is a landtured. We quote sheathing, ll>jjd; tough cake aad tile, £10110s ; beat selected, £106 10*., yellow metal aheath tegat»)afd.•:l i,and BuenosA>rea deferredat 3 0 ^ .Cons —There was a good supply of new English wheatat market at the beginning of the week, the quality veryvarious, but generally Indifferent and In poor condition.Prices ranged from 42*. a 52». for rel and from 44s a 58s.for white. The weather has been fine, and the trade con Rochester, N. Y., who ropreoented the Westers Union aeqaently dull. In foreign tbe business has been limitedyou tr. e, accompanied with We annal* of the society. Begood enough sir , to excuse o u sendlug this cuxu.ar . butme call that we hove mad> la alt quarters or we giooe,ot> ah meu worthy to uea- and to respoad to it, cannot be burl you.") Ne, I know you won't h u t me. The man made too public; and when so many geuerous voices u eConos firm, and pries >»i a >»d dearer: soles for the week 8,300 bales At Liverpool the demand has been large: sales for the week 116,000 boles; middling OrleansDUKti 1>E VALESTIKOS, President of We African Iostituie.'BIP. on sr AVTdo.m, Cbevaliet of the legion of H>uor.LOADsteady; common pig, £21 5s. a £21 led.tor oU chiefly sold at 5d. a 6)»d for pale straw to fine, being fully ifd. per pound dearer. 119 bales Tinnevelly senna chiefly sold at 8J£d. a fid. for ordinary to Tair 86 caries Malabar cardamoms sold rather dearer, 4a. a 4s.chased of J. H. Wsde and J. J. Speed, Jr ., all tbetr tele- Uenetal, African Institute, 21 Place Veuatome, Paris:— to me The moot cheering fact, u it ia the most strikinggraph interest, which Included the Morse patent, en all SIK—Since We reeetot of your letter of April 30, an one in it, is that we who ore visiters and pilgrims te Kan- history, the state of afTairs in America, ths policy of tesShortly after tbe name of the organisation was efa*nr*d the Inttiiute d'Afrique, of Puis, founded In 1838 oy tho aslisnsl tag with tho uoaa of Savoy and the red tttg. l V : . t o r . 0 , 4 u * r y to Send. 64 cases gum antmi sold at to its present one Mr. Wade became manging director. many noote and distinguUhed persons of all countries,Tbe wholes cannot ho doubtful; Italy has sonde bora, wveof it, because that obotoegao- s general ardor and tranquillity, while uncertainty for the future would expose us to the most serious disor-der*.Franee, which generously toot soon valorous and po- teut essnunce to Italy, will reoogaixe that toe situation of gar government dons not permit it to refuse or delay the succor which those peoples have the right to domind of it, aad which tt to an obligation on it to afford.£8 l&s. tor fair small to medium. 346 cages cutoh heated sold at 26a. 518 bags turmeric bought in. 88 kegs East India atoeo sold; Socotrine, £3 a £10, Hepatri. £46s a £6,f^S*' wBa*i*L Q »»*kf. lis. 64. a Ma. Opium. 18s. on lsPst. OwUi roc, 90s,Since that time all Increase of its facilities, such as tt e fur the abt'tiitou of We stave trade and of slavery, I havepurchase and construction of additional lines, ha* been cu>etuitj examined We statutes of that association, andmade out of the legitimate earnings of the concern, with am oompcltau to decline the proff-tied honor aslncoiupatiout tho contracting of loans or any considerable assest- bie with my principles and opinion*. At the same time,ment of stockholders. At present toe Western Union I must beg you to b a d e in •. Committee of PresenUtioa,Company has between eleven and twelve thousand miles who have paid me Wis unmerited compliment, the assur- ia exactly what will always occur whenever you attempt of wirer—neuly enough to reach ten times the span ofwent into the mate body of We palace, passed throng* We "H allot We Generals" (where We portraits of tss eminent soldiers of Haytl are), and then entered the pri- vate saloon. Under a greet salrror, on a marble slab, wss Braokett's best of John Brown, crowned with a laarn wreaW. It w u on. 0' tbe wrvetha brought by We gtrn attendiog the public school* wheo they came te Micitsto him on his return from the North; it had been put oa ths head of the but. tosaid, *,in hesor of the martyr." Th* dinmg room ad..HUB the parlor. He iatrnduced us te• J ^ ^ B " » * * = 8k Petersburg clean £29 a £29 l lB toteportances ot my gra'oful regard; and I pray you also, sir, toi ? o J £ 2 * 5 ? * » ^ f - Jute without change; H ottlBWa M>uta werto divide this people and to set one portion against another. The moment you have brought tbe people to the point, where there la even the least degree or danger to the na i:«nal existence felt, Wen Wose whom party malice uA somewhat unusual feature of this corporation, and judgment, has assumed to b wiser Wan Providenes— mies will embrace each otner as frienos and brethren.ria ?a^ii?L,S!?.?l!*.t0 fiocd common, from £16 10a. a to, fclr dfr0m attlrorder the management of Chutes M. Stobblns, toward Cali forms.been much connected wiW Wia very suoj^ct, but alwaysin opposition to a mistakes ubilaathrop ly, which, in my tarty ambition have arrayed against each other as ene- Madame Geffrard. who is a colored woman, but so whit*w1?^SSf^"*.11"Sd ^*"« 6a.a$6lCs.f.o.b m Wales; Scotch pigs 61a. for mixed Noe. on Clyde.LOBKSO—Little offering on the spot. Bombay Is worth670. and Calcutta 56*. 61. a 60s. fid For urivsl upwardsof llJWO qro. Calcutta Bold at 51a 81. a 64s., c f and l r ^ i n ; 5 , " " ' r i a M , is seer, tary and treasurer, and three cargoes of AOOT at 6ts., delivered, import UDto this date 302,330 qro., against 176,238 qre. same timetoot year.red skins to substitute for tbe bl&jk It is DOreprosca to • be eminent names Wat a g u e in your association to sky Wat wo, who live under Wc syaiem, must comprehend tt better then those who either draw upon th. ir imagina- tions or their facts, or accept them from the poisonedCocHUJkAL quiet: 94 bogs Honduras all taken ta at 3a. Id. SOB.Lurssko CASH steady, without much business. New York te barrels £11 a £11 5c.. Boston in bags £1010s.cfj^tonatl now resident at Cleveland, one of tha m *tsax»mpltehed telegraphers of the time. E. Cobb, of Chi-cago, and Charles Davenport, of Cincinnati, are osalstaQtIgnorant or be 41ess of the truth.Let Wem reU .set whether any Urge c immunity wouldwillingly and cheerfully live in and die for the perma- nance of an institution which really was at onuo a mialeesoD which Wis occasion sod this demonstration teach. They teach that there to 00 difference whatever to Ws nature, constitution u character ot We people of the several States of tbiB Union u ot the several sections of IheUnK/o. Tbey are all of one nature, even if tbey are Lot all 1stive born and educated in the same seettmeats.Mr. Hyatt, hss churned every one; it is pieced in ta* palace, exd the President has expressed bis Inteuttoa * bnvtag portraits of <>ge and Cbevsnae, tbe first amr^r* of HayU, painted te a oorreoponding styto. 1 am » danger of being lionised have. I hoar it MJ""!****** otter me s public dtenu In honu of We John Browa Ame-seal and cod £34 10s. Olive steady, at £6a for Gailipni, « do Oavow to said, id a nnJOsettol letter, to have 167 10s. for Mosotea, £66 for Tunis an 1 £55 for Mogadore.despatches between the western borders of Missouri and • atel) ilsoueslng the disruption of a beloved confederacy, £l2E'2?, »?M *'t e B , ?, 0 .b e ««">"* on"! the line is as au alternative to be preferred to the abolition of ? n T i , ^ l i b ^ T ^ t h t o « " * ' • ^ r t o b i s g fro e f*u slavery in tbe Southern Stales of the Aoiutcan Uuton.very tffeot of being on American citizen is to make themail alike 1will t.ll y»\ why this Is so. The reason isumply thit Wo democratic principle that every csanought to be We owner of We soil that he cultivates, and for a week u two. Ths pom sit of John Brown, seat Sf, a4s •utaaboutToe^«ll2£:*torIoaaararu7a«o Vti*.^d tumWWiW regard to the slave trade, America first doctoral ttpiracy, and at Wis mom nt her vessels u e basy ia sup undeserved, compliment, end I wish prosperity to aU of C irc from thnlr plensant rural retreat at " Soliaerw. . m i - , in • • - -- -" * > "M" • • - " • • ' 'Ttte Pilotboxesjsdtosr Havana were withuawn at oign raies; prt aMmrgate, her an «les pumped on, and oea bathing re--•--1 fey eke Jmperorey* the almost entirely In barter for pans, beans nnd bean ©else, which aemaaand tair prices at Ntegpoondtheporta wbioh am (roe nf the rebels.THB raENCH P B U B O H n i i j ^ I J T A J R S ,a_.jgmi nf the Parts tounala resaerfc oa the prociasas- THE HARVESTS IV KNQLmSD. b. *ea No i l Havana, fuily tooued f u thin country, rode abroad, ber purse, however ptrahnrte. alwaya sensUrsuoot, *pt 14,1*69. LitV'swM^alVSWf w frwallowed, much less invited to speak ta • Otero State; but,privy coucll, aad rodbor tfisj;sty's Bfdwab t> them, to being invited, bo was too poltto and too feulees to de- ever. Nor is there one member of theysarannshl Skescx.ee nfttnysaty-Tlso«n«oe«Mm**** SEWi&U's ITttTBal TMBUO a r St. J o s e p h Cto*re*gat>n*loB*nw.81. Jostwn, Me , hwpt. se.UMfi.tliot Bt*ewwiyrTboul 1,000 oexn Havana have been di*p-Med «rf ooruo to. bho roue on hoiseba k, vuuted toe P**—te- To Hon. wit, H. BswAsn. onsosnorslon *aionr--at oo* ou a 40* for good brown to good yellow 4000 tog suppl*d with money for the purpose ot reftovtsg We, tbe smdorsignod, on beoali of onroolvaa end theMOttt-baits clayed Manilla at S»«,aud efljatocugoo SlWO them, tihewasavery benevoltfot rTtaoees; woon Bhe rnrfO»ill«ribe,nai**cUuliy ^ " ^ ^ y 0 * * ? * ^ aodhto standing as a good cttlaen isck)tMgeuletly,atoB*AawtoraeoooAts to day he«^ teas favtjrable We qeote middling Orl«aa*. f # 4 t middlingweanes, fiMd ; rn'odUng Monde, fi*d. n 6 3 164 Impons5 h T r e O k f « f i 4 2 bale. Twtel sales, U64WMOOtsSj of Queen They dined wtw ber every day, and, beingwhtoh •psouiasn.a took 24 TtO, exporters l t j M . t o a n n g old gentlemen, would eomegma drop asleep over speeches, and hardly knew on what snbjeet, except that eieotiog thereby two of the p«esent cesamamteoerstc tbe trade 78 200 bolesABdss -BusineoB quite retaU, Sfifi bbto. in aU, at 27s.their wine, when she would tftkto thetr noses Very soon Lord Meleoume thought tt ndrisnbto that^ she aoould be married, and oo his^«iaM«g it in diplo- matic tonguage she did not undertttaad h m, and ro-of politics, he could talk to Wem. He was afraid Wat on the subject of politics tbey would sot adopt bis views. They weredtvided between Wree rry**ldeottal candidates,Thas action of tbe Baud produced a norteci term-a tin this dose corporattoe, sad too reeunof the 00awaa We swallowing, by a portion of the Board, of she previous votes, and tho reteaatios of the present eoaa-hops that sh_e will kxnow how* to imako dwa allowance for has been since moot outUbto for harvest operations; this BOtraHcnaoa BABX—£00 bage Balllm.*e haeo been soldthe IU.M whion so ssany provocations JUTo created oaueed o material reaction to o u corn market, and prices * 7s id to arrive, sod T* fiLoksWro; nnd tedav 6*. %*«). «'Ltf toe have tbe Duke of Wellingtonl'» aiptona Mr. rjoogias, Mr. Breckinridge sad **. Belt-all able psnte, who ore oM mombers of the Chamber of Com-- whiih lu- tor King Victor Kmanwai.and for the dangers whiih ita-ttaoo beirg offered, she objected Oevual y to her collateso u bten made for 200 prime, traoanottoaa in Phdauei ot Cumberland and Cambridge, and euggested "poor; AU men,andreepectel friends of his. But, for his part, he merce.receded almost to their level before tbe excitement; no*.how, ©vwthere to o pause, and we should not be surprisedto see steadiness, if not improvement, more particularlystruggle whtah was eeotssarlly about to break out A ru- as tbe product of tbe harvest becomes tested by threah- the sales, uh»oh *m«unl to 4009 bbia , oousist el ooovLaa order nnd Caihoiwwsn ttsest would ham incur 4, it n regnmr gut.ram.nv had not prwrnntnd the diaudulypbia unimportant. ^ _ « . « . KOB;K —There has been leas doing,, but prtoss ore drm,bert," It proved a happy caoioe.as the young Princeor Saxe Oobwa and GoWa poeeeesed oil We qualiflcotlonswas somewhat to the case of the waste who asked another Thai, therefore, to this Board of CosssatestotmraoossJl* toted, end otoWed wtta judicial powu, from whtoh then for one of hi* daughters. The intended father la-law waa hold there Is no appeal, except beet to tbe same tribasss,wtuiin the l-miw of pi otage stations, ahould ba required oontradt lion' to tbe /r.d^peodcwnj of Bros- note te any branch, stilt the tendency Is apwards, and qnay. In l/Uidou the sauket to quiet at 31* 61 a 82*. out ot We way. On the Queen's onion *>^j^"»0*' him—be did not care much to mako ft choice between any to accept the eervtoes of tbe first duly oocrsdltoi Bitottho FaarW baa given tho most formal tradetechartering;theei*noverymaterialadvanceto•ato wnwh gave this report, aad affirms that all tha Pow- 1e n consider the entranoeof Piedmont lata too PaealBiateaaaa »w'altoo of the law of nations Nevertheless,if u is so isolated as tbe fatru aay a, no one can expulnto himself why Piedmont n*o not watted pattootly untu A week of uninterruptedly fine weather has enabled IMB _0i,iy a moderate business, 80 tons, mostly at Wear family on it without calling for a s> parole alto wanes Lincoln, and I guess hCU mako a very good President." outwudbound. It is not desired that the owner 1 tho tatce of evonta had brought about a conflict between farmers to m«ke rapid progress with harvest work, and •2«. a 64«. per cwt. for fair qialiiv. for any of them Mr. Stdanns described Wo coronation (Laughter ) He Wen mid some v u y complimentary be required to provide a competent and duly coastthotraocaof Geoeral OuibaWi and tbescof General do o large bretdth of the cereal crops In this neigh>»orhnod TALIJOW remains voryaioady. but without maohao- ana enumerated the remarkable saen Were assembled, pilot to conduct the vessel to sea, b u he certainty 1 Lamortotara. ish* m^ht, if she had only listened to the bse been cat down, but very little Is yet carted. Tbe tivny; enlee 60 casks N. A at 23a. a 6fia. 61 per cwt la tedlng an eueodoie of Marshal Soutt and Lord Hilt, oil Wings to them about the beautiful portion of the country enjoy the privilege of piecing his property m the <there to no redundancy of tonnage on the market.^Kwa —Trantacttons iaCarollaa wry limited, about 39 tierce* mlduliag quality at 24a per cwt Uemand vuy slow.Albert il was proposed to give him an income of £60,000, but on the motion of Joseph Husse it was reduooa by one half The young couple started in life wiw a mutual Income of 8650,000 It waa not too «uoh; they orougnt upR0BMKT HAKQi AND SONS' OOKN CIKCCL 4.R. UvoorooL, Sept 14,1860dictate* Of the narrow inatlcot of aelt preservation, have sample* exhibited hitherto have been very unsatisfactory Loudon here Is a better muket closing at 62a fil on toes, who met on that oocastou. He then depicted a day which they occupied, and recommended them te Improveor ttvcoe of his own setoclion, and in whom ho 1 000 UIJOOOC*Wbatefioct would to have upon the interests ef 1 of those gentlemen, if tbe tew required that the 1remained n spaotnior of rial struggle, aad profited by It in quality and condition Tbe depression which has pa- the spot for P.Y.C,62*. 01 last three mourns, 63a. 61. ntworaeso Vary powerful moral iat*rests must have ralysed tbe trade since the return of fine weather has atdecided her to lawriere. Kvania will explain what those length given place to a firmer feeling, bolder* being c*i "^2Lm» CASS—About 600 bags good thte oblong seel Inmost* are. Tho motivea wbioh nave datemiaed the viuoed that whatever the result of the harvest may bo asto quantity tha condition of the new wt eat will cause anaotloe of tbe Seraiaian army ia the Marebea are panted extensive demand for good dry foreign wheats for mixing, * Bsw- —Ihe inquiry hss been a little aaore general this i e ne»t received the Master of the Household and de country- Tbey lietened t-» him wlW evident pleatuoout by the preoiamaiiunof Victor Bmauuel to his sold (era, which cannot be met at prices lower than present cur- week and some or the tnest brands ot 1 M bave boon cided what invitations ahould be accorded f u Wo day, and good humor; and, as the train started, sent him off and pariiounrly by tbe repetition of the icones of Peru- rencies, and wul most probably toad to an upward reac take&'at£U0 la London the market continues verf .tia Weu visited her aviary, menugerie, aquarium org h at roeaoaabomo. tion At the provincial markets hell during the week alack tor all descriptions.* [fromtheParisDebnto,Sept 14] therehssbeenmoredispositiontodobusinessatthede rout—thereboabeenrnih«r moreinquliy, bit onlyMM it was easy to to'enee, tha prophetic objurgations or ctfae previously noted, and the samples of good wheat 200 bbis. have been sola, at 67s fid. fur old to 80s. f « tho fiwifitnffmnrT have bean estimated at their true value offering have been very limited. Here we have had a very «oe tew. In Umoon holders continue very drm,eiables. bhe was i>a*sioaately fond of hors« and n g"o4 with Wree cheers.rwer. Atete.v»usheaooorded audienoeteWeSeorwtory LAHDOTTBSOEAYSACKS.of W u , the Home and Foreign Secretaries; at twelve she As we passed the next station, a miserable little hamreceived general visiters, lunched at one, when she let, I inquired of the braketaan what its name was. "Tnat tbe Great Eastern; w that every pftot who i* sent abroad,In Tartn. If there stlu remained the toast shadow ofdoubt us to Viator Rmauuei's deaigna tt la now dUalpated,decidedly stronger tone in the trade, and fine wheat* have met a fair demand, and In some instances realized awhich rather checks business.BAOON —There Is bui little doing for want of stock,drank Alsop's i>ateale. At three she entered her carto fjtioa," said be; "the graybacks live here." "Gray-f u We purpose of piloting vessel* on their arrival on pilot ground, to guilty of violation of law. It does ap- pear that the selection of those men by the par lie* most deeply toteteoted te tbe safety ot tho property entrustsdA Bsopairh from Bologaa, <iated the 11th, annoano«a that slight advance on Tuesday's currency. In flour and In some Inferior C C. offering at about 60*. In London the et rand of charily. An anecdote was related of her kindGeneral Dialdlai haa passed the Konan frontier. We can-BM tet fix tho moment when this pees*Re was enacted,which will be in its oonaeuaanocs one of tho gravest factato) eantempomry hmtory u it ahonid toad to Austrian lagorewntiao, and one of the moat Important In the hlitory beginning of the week. Tbe only other arrival is 1,687 BciTkR Hudly anything doing; flnew»uld sell, but aiowed But that over, etiquette was dismissed;of the world If It should ultimately lend to the ruin of the power of tho Popes. The revolt of too town of <ae, and Urn repreaaiow by tbe Poatiaonl troops,to have determined General Claldmi's advance, heaitatmg two or three days If It should so turn m. Paescmbrono, the/bnwn sow mow U of the Romans, one of the smallest 'owns la Italy, will have twioe witness* 1In tho course if centuries events of Incalculable imp wt- naeo. sine* It was there that, more than 2,000 year* ago, theweJwalof Asdraoalsecured tho safety of Pagan Rome nod tenied tho ruin of Oarthage, no the fate of Catholic Bome may perhaps be deckled there In our day. Beforethe Piedmont*** troops landed the Papal territory, they moot have had time to receive the decisive proclamation which Victor Emanuel bad addressed to bis army, and which we have received by telegraph from Turin.[From tbe hkmliou do to Flotte, Sept. 1 4 ]Events have marched with lneredtoie rapidity. Tho expedition into Sicily was cons dered nu act of folly. Few people believed in the success of n uesoenl on theiBOiniaed; the insure Jtton in the Pontine*! States appanrednwllddrenm; sad yet now Sicily is almost nn-eesed to Ptodmont, the King of Naples bus abandoned ia wheat at prices that were only nominal on Friday. n* tnrone; tho Pontifical troops fall back before thewletorioue revolution, and Garibaldi keeps Austria on thealert in Vooetia To go to Venetia la for him a dangtr,the bulk ot what is here is only Beconduy, and worth about 60* a 65a. per owt.GRAW —The weather since our last had been fine until last nisat, when some little rain Ml. and since whtoh It appeara unsettled, the grain trade haa ruled qutetj bet firm, with only a moderate business passing. Deliveriesof wheat from our own farmer* for the past week oea- sirtot C6,117 quarters, against 92,821 q u u n r s corree pondinf week last y e u ; average price this y o u figs. 1 0 4 , against 42s 94 Basso time last yeu.At our market tha* morning, witn only a small attend- ance ot country millers and dealers, there was a fair re UU businees In wheat at tbe extreme rates of o u I apt Flour a4d slowly at former prices Indian corn w*s soartoi ly dealt In, but prices were unaltered since Toes cay. Unto la. pu 46 tbe , and oatmeal 6d par lend cheaper, Egyptian beans unchanged.Imporie from other Booths, seventh to ninth month 13>h tncluttve, cmetirt or22 672qrs. wheat, 1,647 qrs. Indian core, 17,823 sacks and 6,425 bbto. flour Exports for soane prrhxi constat of 7,404 qn». wheat, 946 qrs Is- duip corn, 2.904sack* and 628 bbls flour.Wheat—aaatrwon white, 10*. a l l s pulOO lbs.; Ac new do., extra, lis. a 13s ; «to. red, 9a a 10* ; do now do., extra, 10* fid. a 12*. Flour—SaitimH-e and Phila- delphia, 2»«. a 30i per iOfi lbs ; Ohio, 20a a Sis ; Wast ern canal, 27a. t30a. Indian corn—Mixed and yellow, 33a. a 34*. (>er480los-; white, 86a. 6 4 a 37s.piano and indulged te German games At eleven she retired. The Queen appeared fond of American todies: ' the lecturer knew the wire ore New York editor who had danced in the same quadrille with her or the Prince of Wains a very erroneous Impression prevailed. He was neither dull nor atapld, bnt a youth of the noblest dispo-aaioo, anci splendidly educated. Lite bi* mother, he ap peatred rtcketty and delicate in youW; It was feared that be might not survive. He carried his bead a little on one side sow. He spoke French, German, Italian aad Spanish with fluency, besides being a good Greek and 1 alto scholar He was well acquainted wlW tow aad tbe fine arts, a good soldier Weoretlcaily, and a good i. -rse- man. co wall or brook ever stopped him when on horse- back; be was what to technically termed »«a bruising noer .' • He danced enormously. like most of the Kaglish youths of the day, and was always guided by personal sppeoranee in his choice of partnersTbe lecture terminated with an allusion to the friendly relations between Great Britain and We United States, srbtoh be thought Wo Prince's visit would still furWer twtsblteb.Oaxr Diplomntlc Agents nnd the Irropi alble Mgger.ago tbey barood the railroad station, and atterwuds burned a settlement belonging to some Eastern people, and, even now, they are constantly placing ties on tho track to upset the tram. We nevu drive We night trains poet Wis place faster than fou miles an hour." I made sutne remark about the excellent land through which we were passing, ana was load tnat some ot the farmers in Wis region would have six u seven hundred acres of crops, but not baring capacious bams We/suffered the crvp to rot in the ground. The acuoolmaster ought cer- tainly to be sent to the country of the graibaiks.BSCKTTlOa AT BT. /08SMLIt had been the Intention of Mr. Seward to proceeddirect to Leavenworth, but bo changed his mind and de- termined to stay over Sunday te St. Joseph. To our great astonishment we found a company of wide awakes and a l u g e crowd of citizens assembled at the railroad station They greeted Mr. Seward with enWusiaslic plaudits, and escorted Las to the Pates House—eapiendtd notel. On tbe balcony bo was formady introduced and presented wiW on adUess of welcome by Mr. T. J. Boyn-aay, to will be t fault; but, whether fault or or, as we do not think that the Italian movement can If a defeat to probable at Venice a victoryIn possible, and it to Garibaldt* game to run the risk By tan side of this bold project there Is the qiestion of nance, which to inoootestab y nt stake, dp to it It baa bee a said and repeats) in tho diplo- Austrts would mnlntnln an expectant iremain on tho defensive; that she would ,and wool! confine herself to dofanding her uu nor Italian pomemloan, la the present stale of things, however, it seems to no difficult for her • to continue this passive conduct; she will bo obligedton.In response be said:—SrSBCS AT ST. JOSEPH.«, .tnadoa nor reaerre. Wa f e u that, hot, for thosakeOT Europeanwo do not w nh to.He Old not submit te silence to the Insult:-* [Translation.]AntlCAS ISSTlTUTS latSSXATIOWAI. SOCTATTFOB rax A s o u n o s or t s s SLAVS TOADS'•1turrounded as be wss by a mutinous crew, who were de- termined on the destruction of has own tue it he should continue the voysge unsuooessfully another day—he went out at night en the deck of his little vessel, and there rase up beiore him We dark ehsdow of on island, lighted by human beings like himself. That was the most inte- resting Bupriso Wat ever occurred to any man oa e u w . And yet I do not Wink thai Columbus was much more surprised Wan I and Wose who are with ma have beenOPINIONS IN SARDINIA.[From the Turin Uptnione, (organ of Count Carou.) 62s. fid. for Granada, and 70s. for Guayaquil.206.Tbe supply of money to augmenting, whilst tbe demandin most quarters continues moderate, and the rates c u rent for Orel class paper is now GLi a S>^ per cent Owing to tbe la-ge supply of capital seeaing omployme t, the principal discount houses have reduced the rats for money at r.»tlae to S VJ a 8 c i per centTho French government ought not to look on the inter- womtioa of Ptodmont in tha Roman Beaton as an aggression, but rather as an act of legitimate defence Piedmont has no other purpose than to combat foreign intervention inTa—Blocks, 136s.; bars, 137i.: refined, 138*.; banca, 136s ; straits, 13**.C o m a very firm The quantity disposed or annuaw to 660 cooks, 79 burets, 256 bags plantation Ceylon,at 70* a fan. fid. for low middling to middling, and 76s fid. a TTs.ASD OSdUAVSXT, FOCSOBS I* 1868,PAKJS, April 80,1660.iteaoafour"Go ye forth, and teacnVi We people"dian corn very Httto business is reported.We have a fair supply of American wheat and flour, sad a large quantity of French flour arrived Btnoe thecwt., holders of American hare also been obliged to oun- from ber drive or ride, her Majesty dined la state, wht .h looking follows, silting listlessly on their mules tooting at cede3s. a 4*. per cwt. J was rather a dreary affair, so conversation being We train speeding by. "They don't like the railroad, andIntegrity and professional aklil.The pilots of Wis p u t have no superiors f u inisth.gence and professionai ability, and justice would appear to demand that tbey should be fairly represented in tad Board.The tow affixes a penalty to the employment of ss- lioenoed pilots. Why, then, doss sat tbto tribunal sstfit. tuU proceedings against the merchant* who emptor Mr. Maginn, instead of against him? They are fullytent to reply to this inquiry theavservc aBut the sekctioo of Mr. htontoa, so amIn that ubitrory exercise of tiscwnsHlntVnnal power, would oppsu to have uiartnaied te bitterness of fedinn engendered m tne breaat of an individual metof Sfee Board, many years *ince, a hen Mr. Maginn regaled to defend ing the interests of tbe New York pitoto belue%»grceo, sad orbaro hst aataral ebUtttos were tho subject 0%comment by many 8enatort sad members of the House? and te which contest he moved himself mors than a match for his antagonist why do not We com nUMtooeru sanintain their origins- poailaon, argue the question of jnrtoaictton, swiosssO We injunction gas ' by Judge Sutherland, sad testot upon trying ths themseiveeVDo they feet that they haveground to Was matter u tbat Wis tost sot of 1bis orreot by criminal process will crash his energies aad bring htm at their loot? -IatereeUktsr from HayU.wTAtVJB O r J O B S SKOWM— FSMBIDKNT AJfDMADAMS Qkr-rBAKD—THS JOHN BROW* IT/MD. BTO. [Freen the Boston Traveller of Sept. 28 )Pons AO Pwaven, August 16.The following extracts are from a private totter r* ceivod to this city by tbe *arah Barton:—I arrived here ealWy and la good health Friday before tost; on We following Tuesday I had aa interview wiW tbe President. I went up to the palace wiW Mr. Acker- usao, at whose wile's house I star (tu he boteg a white man can held no real estate), end arriving there, wo seat te o u cards. We were Invtted tote the Coronsiton Roomof which you may possibly romwmbsr that I spoke te my totters), and had not wasted long before the frosissto ntered. He to a slightly built man, a little taltor Wan f am, nearly black, although ha has one quarter whit* blood. He was dressed vriw good taste, and wore on hasbead a blue velvet smoking cap, richly decoratedgilt embroidery. He recognized me at*forward and shook hands with great cordiality He asked tf I bad received We totter in which the govern- mettt offered me an asylum in Rayti te case I should be obliged to leave the Untied States for s time. I thanked him for that honor, st the same time intimating that the ban of ths Senate sad bee* in- moved. He cordially welcomed me to Haytl. I toid himQUUUTS Indian corn from the Mediterranean.The Giztttf returns of wheat for the week ending 8th Inst, are 65.11T quarters, being 11,977 q.uxrter* leas thanthe previous week's return..BHILAMD, ATHTA AND OO.'O COCCI.AK. Livnuooi., Sept 14, I960.Tbe weather during the week has been uninterruptedly fine for harvest work, but to-day it looks unsettled and stormy: snoot of tbe wheat ia thla neighborhood la out, but wwry little yet secured. Further aoqaatotanos withthe new crop only strengthens the conviction that even should the quantity prove an average (which is doubted) the quality will be greatly inferior to that of tow years, and that a very tone proportion of foreign will be re- quired for mixing, tbe stock of old English In the country being greatly reduced; tt is probable, therefore, that we shall shortly see some reaction from the recent amart de dine In price*. Tbe reports of the potatoes grow more unfavorable from all n u t s of tbe country.Since Tuesday the trade has ruled quiet but steady, and at to-day's market a more cheerful tone prevailed, aad a fair consumptive business was done in wheat at tbe full prices of Tuesday. V u y large arrivals of French flour made buyers pauoe, but price* were no lower Indian corn was in better demand, and the decline of Tuesday woo recovered, the market closing strong for this articleBAKING, BKOTHKHS AMD CO.'fi ClaCCl.AR. L»six>.\, topt 14—ft P. M.Ou colonial and foreign produce markets have beensteady during the week, with a fair business. Sugar, cof-fee sod cotton firm. Breadstuff* doll. Boner assy.Consols leave off 93j^ for money, »3 Si a &3 •, for the ac-count. Bar silver, os. l;»d. Mexican dollar*. 6s 8i*d. £31,144 The rest ia £2 770 mote.American eagles, 16%. Stfd. Doubloons—Spanish, Tfis. 61., Tbe official statement of the movements of the precious South American, 74a 61- metals tor the week ending Wednesday gives the ratio *COOOA—460 bsga at sueHon were chiefly bought in. tog result:—Total imports, £267,113; total exports, £M7,would rather hitch op a yoke of oxen, and ride ten miles to We drawing room the Queen played on We wiW them, than pay twenty lire cento faro. Some timeTho depression ia the trade reported in o u tost circular (almost amounting to a panic) subsided early In tbe week, and at Tuesday'a market a fair retail business was don •Flour was but tittle inquired for, but holders were not so pressing. Indian corn met a alow sate at a decline of fid. per quarter.The portion sold was at 68s a TO*, for ftinidad, 63s. aMojrxrMnrstotn. MASSXX, ttopt 15,Tbe obtrusion of We «'irrepressible nigger" onMinister to England, b y Lord Brougham, b y noconstitutes the only attempt thai has been made to annoy,if not insult, our Ministers abroad by tbe advocates ofnegro equality. Our Consul General te Egypt, Mr. DoLoon, has lately bees made tbe subject of such annoy-onoo by the "African Institute" of Paris. Tbe conse- when—after his long and tedious voyage is search of aLOITDOIIBonk of England returns for the week ended Wednesday tost are again favorable, but exhibit no strtklor change. Tbe increase in tbe stock of bullIta to £43 166, which makes the total now amount to nearly atxteeu and a quuter millions, whtlrt the reserve of notes to up ouds of nine mtliiot-s sterling The other securities show uo change. Too reserve of notes has increased £642 645, public deposit.. £846 616, aad other or private depositsOne o'Clock.— TheMaWat I have, some time before Wis, sold Wat the most in- teresting and agreeable surprise that ever human being has had oa Wis earth wss that which Columbus feltin th« Queen's life She rose at hall past six in summer, seven in winter, aud always walked abroad, retumog totheir breel of horses, suggesting that he had just hadsent to him from Syria two horses, one of which hadrace by tbe abolition of elave.*y and the slave trade, andtbe civilisation of Airioa Oa the oth r head, Algeria,conquered by blood and enormous sacridoes for ine sateof Christianity; ibe new position of the Cast and the do-t eiopement—each day more extended—of w e commercialcounti liooa, aid We regulu est* lushmeui of steam linosover We whole shore of the Mediterranean; aud, lastly,the Industrial as well as the 8 uem-iic and social move-ments which find minds always watchful t; these startingpoints uf civilisation; these all are principal reasons thaiConnote being 93 V a \ for money, and 93 <-i a *g tor the bave caused us t»lay the foundation Blouea of o u society. will not ueny Wat it affects, us with deep sensibility, torprovement ot yesterday, especially Great Western aadbrethren and friends, yet we were to be regarded by itsMidland. Other description* of shares exhibit no strik-the deliverance of your country. Orgnnlxa yourselvessnllitarily. Hasten to the standards of Victor Emanuel,who has so nobly opened to you tho path of honor." lb. on manufactured and £2 10a. per ton on unmanufac- Foreign stocks are steady. Mexican hare bean done at oivtUxed govemmeuts, but still it ia ouly with We aid of beyond you—a land redeemed and saved for free-It seems that the contract for a line of telegrapn to the Pacittc coast is to be awarded t > Hiram Sibley, Baq . ofMissouri, hoping and expecting, without stopping here,to rest Wis night on the oWer side of We Missouri, where we knew we would be welcome. (A Voice—"We won'tTelegraph Company.Tbe importance and magnitude of this work, and thewho never worked evil to any human being, and who challenges enemies as well as friends to show the wro'jg wiW which any being made In his own form caninterest generally felt to tt, naturally enough lead to some inquiry Into tbe character of the parlies undertakin< it, ana Into ibelr disposition and ability to carry It tftrougn honestly and luccetefuHy.Although tbe name of this corporation is familiar to every one, yet tow bave any distinct ld«a oT just What It stands for, many thinking, fron its title ana from a- baving served to combine all the old opposing tetegrapu interests, that it is an association of oonpemes. Tnls is not by any means the case The original style of the or ganlzaiion which Is known as the "Western Onion" wasralaed lu behalf ot Wia sacred cause, we would wisn alsoto bave ours u-s»nua, In order to gain for We black slavestrtends and protectors Accept, sir, the aasura^ces of accuse him when he comes before the bu of Justice, has u u moat dis.ioguiehed consideration.unoccupted routes In some seven States or Territories nounoing my nomiua.ion as Honorary Vtoe Preside tt ofsas, beyond you, find that we have reached Kansas republican party, as tonhethu tt would recognise tea already on the northern rhores of tee Missouri river. independence of HayU. ana other topics,it wu soos (B ^•• ah ) Now come up here you—If there are any such time tot supper. He asked os to dine with hia. wethe Atlantic cable—and owns controlling stock In th-?A?V? " *» «realizedfrom£14 lineswestofSt.Louis,nowbeingrapilyexpended,un whicht00ricspond.Inmyowncountrymynamehaswelfare.HlramStbtoy, of Rochester, N. Y ,-to Presides*, IsaacHIP. DK ?r. AimiontB, tiecreUry General.AOB.1CV AJTD <X»-S0LAR GSBSSAl O* TBBI'XlTkP -TATKrttW tltsaiCA U EOTtT,60 j ALKXAMORIA, June 30,1860accept tor yourself my aeknowtodgnieuls for the letter toThe general superintendent is Anson 8tager, formerly lips and pens of our native traduoers, wemselves equally i.Cbeers ) Aad n»w, fellow eitixens, there is one otherte him the confidence bo felt m h-.m, and h i Rape in fair demand at a reduction in prices, foreign ing u»w tbe hands of such puties as are aaaitBtomed t» This alone should convince lorelga phtlauihropiste of thedenlre that they ahoi»W co-o^rate together tor ton triumph of thonatloanionam the nrot acta of deneral Gwihaw" ot Naptoa prove that ho am rightly Jedged the *ttuaUanbrown 43s. fid. and refined tfis. 6; a 47a Linseed can be speculate upon government contracts, and has siren it bought at 80s. on the spot, or for monthly deliveries up t h l e i t lto,Deeomber. Cocoa nut qatet, Cochin 48s. 91. a 19*., r m t e M E f c S °!5 « »*^y engag*4 andTate Ceylon 47*. Palm—Fine Lagos 46.=. rented in the^ustoess of tolegrapnlog. Frim sash obserhopelessness of w e task they hare undertaken, in imita- tion ot We benevolent ladles In .£wp's fable*—-to scrub the Ethlop white"—even <tld not all ^previous experience teach the same lesson. N u are ib so sw timents strangethe ow ner ui the limbs and We head Wat he applies tn Watculture, baa been adopt- d In Some of We Slates earliu thanit was In others, and where it was adopted earliest 11 haav.orked out t i e fruits of hurher advancement, of greaterprosperity, of greater enterprise Where it haa not beenauepied, enterprise and lndnetry hove languished in pro-portion Bui it if going toroupk, ami il u bound to p> rtoan Committee. But Wey wul have U send out sots*of tho country. Twenty-two millions ot I «J^f" *u ll ** » decline of abtmt fid. from the tote highest v e t ^ n r , » s e h * T 8 b ~ B * b t o *° ro**J lorn Bimber of as coming from an American citlsen. Tae fathers of o u adopt the sums programme, accept tho same Fctat. About 6,000 bags have been sold, chiefly Madras. ^ ^ L ^ e B ^ - ^ m e n t o f t ' w « f l » l r « of tbiaoomoanv, republic refused to recogoieo either an eo. .*! or a cuiz'u>,hall the same aovtreigu. It now adpcndB so the loiuoight and the energy ef the go7ua-OTOtT^ve*e^^W,edtWd " ^ ^ ^ «* » OOM^tardy7 c a n n o 1 b u t tn tbe negro. They left him to that condition whiih be*-"*•**• *lla. fid for middling to good pinky, andto esntotouti the nation, to organ» its (braes and o * TM ^ w ^ B*,*>1 a t " • w * l 4 i 8 i •*•£>»'tag to commend tboIudgmeat of Secretuy Cobb In iniklng baa ever occupied since the hieroglyphics were engravedto direct lta movuments. TOO fete of Italy to wholly to wttbeot i^JL**?1" Rangoon was reported soil at l i s ,upon the rock tablets of Egypt—(where he Agues -.-var r as a bearer of budens; never a* a conqueror or a king) —thrr.vch As tt has aarrady softe thrcujh eigUun Sittlft ofth* l»,vm, so Hit botmd to go through aU the other fflten.Of'odTfiso^^^ °* uoolity. Spelter quiet,at £20 7s 3d 9d. for fair* mtST?" u o P*acheons Jamsicsaold att on j A i ^ ^ ^ ^t t l t t ohit bound to go through all the thirty-three Antes of the " P * - « » ooMontond ap do en to tbe present day, when France seeks "appren- Iwumjor the timpie reason that it it gttma through the1 n T J ! 3 : I"I*'T ^** *«« strongly disposedother representative, fu I shall not accept aay henor until I Wink I have desuved it.lamaenso OAitrasarG ATSowrxns' Horn - J * ? ' ' * !theaccompltshmentofthissplendidproject Mansxws,Iamicrsn von Mrsosa^sa Bis Wr-i _We bearwll! be remembered that Mrs. Budge w**fouad«ie mirn TM W * « « « per cent rotrao- I ing dead m fau bed, and with lwTthroM taswteHS Parties acquainted with the famll, raid that »to and Bra B. bad not lived together vuy lupnuy, aad that Br B had ihown more alienlion to other femalesthan wasc>n»^ ^ **njtibar brought patible with propriety. Some honest y oettersd that shereturn >ou my thanks for this most unexpected, so it isInst , on Saturday Ust signalised thetr •W «f JJ*2;tius sold at 5. ft*& S i * . ^ MO hbd*. Maul firmerprion.; ^ a f i ^ L ^ S ^sold at ratherpressing We traffic Should not an American prefer to yon. .bllow In the footsteps of We sages and patriots of Wee" by giving a farewell entertainment W » * friends and acquaintances living to that n?»e*,,<>«*T Tbe occasion was one of much sociability aad eojofOwm Tbe termers a i d couBtry gentlemen who were prm~ with tBftr wivee and famtl** entered with aptrlt tamj" fesuvines, and will tons rsmembu thetr hespttahls trt* uent at tbe hands of We President and ha aiec* 'Z persons were invited from We city except Biember* We Cabinet, of whom tbe Secretary of We Treas^ryjs*1 Attorney General wars Secretary of the Interior and Weril of the oeeasiOB arw* present, and entered into We spiritearttor part of the sav true democratic cordiality. The earttor part -was passed te convarsatiott amongst the i^ssts^"^ rupted by a visit to tbe Asylum to witness s curtou* - venUon by one of tbe inmates for saving lives st a r -far4*andi\ percost M"£LK*?. C«*»and44a. fortress, sold at 8«i 61. i»7a. fil forgl « U *5¥*M * »uctll*ntwobagsMa!abuat4\d. 83s. for second p!«. 8J4d.disgrace and deiamation of their native tend? F/oa To-day GoTernu Seward attended the Episcopal church. Were reasons, which I might, but will not, multiply, youW.for gxxl. Of other « H 9»»d. a l i . l 0 « 1 .*"Cassia Ugses!3l«' T** **oui 500 ts0wit; peroelve, sir, Wat I could uot consistently or honor- ably, either accept or be nileut under WA embarrassing ctrcumstanoet, in which y o u oommunloatiou place! me. But while rcepondlug wiW perfect frankness, I haveTomorrow be pete out for Lawrence, calling at Leaven-Ctores-7*w^i^l ?'K W atworth on tbe way.Be speaks te Topeka an Tuesday andOf BTtttob W«:st India 2 600 hhoa. hare b^"Sa .^?»»- tog, 0t auctiou, 422 casks BUNadoes. frora 37s sTta^iw, b^ committed ouieido. He wa* finally \ri2tefi t,!eo Untitled Documenttiveal .'..>tot question, and remain, with ssnttoseata of high eeusider&tioo, y«ir obedient servant,EDWIN DE LEOH.adofOotAu.1 W o TM * Oorooer'* J-uy and acq iltled toe cmw oreated a eaaka. 22c bbto. Jamaica, from 38a, 61 * , U fil . S o 1 ?£**<"••** excite.nent. Nearl) aU the raeojle U WeTHE WALKS* LIGHT OVASO, S I S * company of young This wss pronounced s decided success, and •JM*!>«I 11.M!. turned out yesterday on their annual parade. Tbey pad) woo et preared te the tondobto effortsof tbeo!?!lrevolution, rather than to Woes of a faction, which in nla o am country has a* its chief prupheta an elderly female romancer and a male "Belisuius," who have paraded their -stars" and Weir "stripes" o v u Europe for theMr Seward retired amid tend cheers.Governor Patterson were afterwards called oot, aad de- livered short adraases.rug)•i v..; vcontinent, the eatetesne of which was unknown to him-self, as to oil mankind, aad the evidence of whose exis- denee, were sot precisely the some In Mr De Leon's case. tence was nothing but a suggestion of hisown philosophy,quences, as will be sees from We •ubjsteod correspon-cline tbe oars did stop a few momenta eA Cbilleotbe, and a couple of hundred BwrseMwere assembled at theof the car, wbioh was specially assigned to bimeetf and party, and spoke to Wem in a familiar, free aad easy macnu. He told Wem Wat he had been making politicalof the three candidates named, and would just os soon bave all of them. "Aad now," said he, te 0 good humor ed style," suppose )ou take my man? My man to Abowho offers, to onqumitosnbiy jsot and 1simple reason wot the Uvea aad property tuti sated to their charge might be tatpnrdtoed u tost by refusal, baft the case to quite flidea-eat when the vassal to to safety aadm<*niug prayers au4 oreak ast, atjrhioh she ate hearti- been pronounced by Mr. Rarey tbe best horse in the captains who bring thetr wasnels safely iati pert ly and subsequently spent half en*!b»ur in We nursery,riageorrode on horseback, either visiting or on somebackstmexket is rather eaaier. ntes and liberality toward Mrs. Warner, theact e*s The settlers from Virginia who have got that name. ThereWhat are they ?' "Wail," said be, "they ore oldUisiss —Native cheese having given way about «s per Quoeo gave a medal to Florence Nightingale. Returning are specimens ot Wem," pointLug to three u fou toxy to their charge furnishes the otroogest evidence of tbssTCHAIRMAN, GSSTUUIKN ASD FSLIOW Crrzxvs— I thinkJ- A. BELL,kind and n ieadly and Yaternal greettegs. We entered my double object in visiting tbe country ot this tunssouri as our brethren, and although w6 were Weirbefore me—who are accustomed to sound an a l u m about the danger of a dissolution of the Union; come up here, and look at Wis scene of Kansas and Missout, BOtotaly h<«tUe, bt ought together on either shore in We bonds or Irau-n.al enVctlcn and frieodihtp. (Loud cheers.) Thatte Lawrence on Wednesday On hit return trip ho winGeneral Nye andWe uduoua duties of has prili nhasshcuid carry Wem to sea again, without their beug oea- suited en tbe subject? _The charge that Mr. Msgtaa said to emitlast oh- — ' ~ nm Ann n U v aInhn* nth,Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069h r Castain•ranformakingttknowntothepublic. ^^prSBVwww.fultonhistory.com 