 K^,cbroniclea, Parma did sure andrevolutionists speedy justice uponaekoowledgment waa :l^*^:tSt.^J'whicliLampbedi taught publicly at Pisa, while the a hasty allusion of our correspondent had thus for cannot hope to witness his equal.model, strength, and speed.'j.fMt,fkiljSglitDp ^*; tiioc lying, not in the gravesso BcKTOspalieeCrnt^3^5iP*^j:rThenecessaryor desirable.politiciansfellow-creatures)Tiieadar,14<fafast,thehartCirftaOaa> f$3,156, to the Order of A. M. Davis, androf the precious metal was made ing to be drawn and indorsed by Mr. Bobxbt Bos-exist can be.Tlic Cltramontanist Clergy having made Sun in engaged':',-M*tt occurred at Melbourne.Otir correspondent at the Bermudas describes,it is but fair that theof a formidable column of numer-duly to uimouncc. compiler,^Hjg|te^ffl^; Sltets^ioaikedbeoaM out in the' nsaal iva^hrte Cenfte of l^w,. tSff a cen- what can be mon Aatetal, and baoom-utfewftiBiSiEaqiengr Wflie tntaidi. 'aboda ifeeitt to'be aBH^r l(a«ie«a ar UaOnesfthamataminentactonofdria'' ^flg tl.it brought him into a conneeUon, whichl>ecoming of that "single eye to the public and third rata celabrtty, who Inducsdblm to test his "OUlitiiMr'^ OafKj||€SHi$|PDatpurport-really9^byas we have all of us, both in and ont of the news- in London at five theatres in the same evening. liehas also written some the best of original farces,tiiSngs.- a»the local item of onlydailyvery respectablerivi poisis HOiTBi or urouarBT.irawaatKHWiitrMip.wan aa 4tabMa*i tailITkto Bnolac-footstepsofhis became Tha formaiiflBatapartywhoaaiflattgnaikallkr''T!to father, h^ aprlaier. Pnloa, the Ouaitliaiae, aad Ihn imfiariiMintf-tfct early Inclination of Ms mind was In the direction of Lawa," TUawtn lie raaaffalcedasaa cfbitlaaitM CABnnr'--AlteraMn>adKT<nlBfl—CoWB'l CBUI^^au rut Knr.JCM* BBIUDWAT-VOBII arbutreanited in Intimacy, with sereral actors of .tcondHWWKfKencIa of the propoeed grants attended, it is al-leged, at the Institute, organized their own way,as- io the course of President-makingabllltUi forAI»»i»«o« mJ Brtnlag—Thi WUMU—MuiAaisI DkcsBTM—autographicallyaodaty. ThereaoUwasao thathe aatisfaetoryelectkm at their Wednesday eventsfr.*^ Flrat Tlaiiliiiniilran Mail TaliUMTafci~jt~gM «fwhamonly17werepassengers.tobefirstheardbeforetheGeneralTerm.ChamberCourt. Facts,wetaketobeflie er,threwitdexterouslyatMr.Mktzinoee,question.His first appearance in Amariea was at the Arch-o( SnA'tf la California, the weight of wUeh iraa t«« 4 pounds.Whenploekad.UswaigUSMtr]flavor iaaald toThe M vaod^atafcinterest, an enormous contending and aiuanaloiu fish captured at Hungary Bay onintoenraged antago-and .-r.-?!'^''^"'*'''*'ediiicfs wfere °^ '•'^ Catholic Halfilj and, indeed, tint lately he has met with contiderajle losses. Howpverthis may be, probably no actor, lu Ihis country, has been more prosperous than .Mr. Btii- in a pecuniary sense, as certainly no other has-•*^' ' ••'pgsthe Times. more conlidently on' ''>'° iiy *°.ygeniusand the national soulyears. peoplebyjUBH^f^g.r«iBovcd by the mL\ing up of members of boththeished in yesterday morning's issue of* «IW-Jtp,all imderstaxdTOi»,been more popular.built at Port Jefcrson. was about four of tUanit. The creature isas 16persons. estimate,ality, Wareham,"destitute by the recentIn Elm-stieet aast>^tl»a';fta# t'tebes in length, and as answering in gec-«tal appearance to the traditional stories of the jm» ptniiapt.calamity~ of aliia..«aiUBr p<stionsible attitude1837, he published a magazine called Tite Gentlematt't,platetB«lai|e amount. A large arrival of Coolies is one of the ballots for Speaker had been"aoaoaiieed from Demerara. The of preceded by a lively set-to" with thenaked fists, followed up by a dropping fireRepublican members one hundred and sixteen conspirators for the assassinalion of them- selves, their wives and families, and the kin- dling of a servile war, the wonder is that theyany which that " ser-Cj/clape- Ingbeing requiredthedUmDtiadiaMiai^tfofthecane. TheaggregatedestinyMM' at the apeechot the of us who would at any time have been sur- Legislature.police had recovered fom the robis, to aeaTIB J'-^MUm lafaea"lis should have been able to maintain itself and enir, fumiching the chief portion of its contents Mr. Hallieat walked about among th^caawdttaqolr-;iopeninghad brt)ken into the Cathedral atevent with a to assert its naturalsentative of the —time Mr. Bcbtok edited Cast&Hikt's Literary Souv-BililgBkniJU and it of despoiledandmoneywork was thedia of Wit and Humor, publlihed in two vol- ple of Central Italy been marked, as it might vant-girl's organ," the Herald, insults its patrons umes, two years ago, by the Messrs. Appi.iTaK.into the circumstances ofand then the distribution commeacad, eaehpanoars- ceiving the amount allotted him in aa enratoM aad-^ Assemblyafor ItThe foUairlB( "which had been in existence for seven "-'jtea, iiad been dissolved by the Governor, andtois a list of the moneys paid out by ail thooaV''J^litt*,signreceiptIsaac White. wKJanuary.atpreserved by great— —weallrememberit ofwliichpoorEnaui.A.fHouse o Industry, had coUectad over 96M.; t'ofsh- Edle eolony in 1858 was 39,695 hhds. Gov.—t the almost entire calm ofThe following donatioss have been receisvdl at tchanged .'.Wtm MllliiMat about midnight, increasing al--^—-^^jK-wuvw^with so much skill and tastecould be better hardlyusual In such cases, great exaggeration Theforce of a tornado of the_. .yWew. not reach its height, however, until after»)>Ariae, aa It was between 7 and 9 o'clock that the nrinfiprt damage was done. The Public School . JSo. Brooklyn, was partly prostrated, and af-aomebody'8 alidomeii, we txuifeaa we are at a lawless executioners of a loss to conceive.and we mvite the attention of cordiallyJi '..... ZiWt: *«*^ftetropics. Thedespot's minion,employed,our readers to this very creditable proceeding.Senator Gwin.FriendFrevloasly acknowliedged TotalI3jnUx* fire and vtasno means ofof a statement made in a let- It is said that there are some incumbrance, upon^iwanls ;,.2»<H pybUcdestroyed. Great num- House, in the way of ancorrection of theexen^ary corporal—TBI VI8SII. arAmtBR or hxbJ^*&*f^i foT.i^fgfan^ already reported as lost near Barne-Thursday, on Rockland, Me., by up sea, the schoonerthe one"defenders even in England and in .\merica,<u a* 7th iiist., arrived hero onnegso, and raid, in which all Re-:Ihe Editor of the Ifnv-York Timtt Your Washington correspondentGAansa, :'0^ iumm.: _-v^y-M^hooncr EagU, of waspickea at thud them at thiswould findan effort, and without a shock, once disunited Italy.Tohis letter published In your journal thij morning,representedfor friends to interfere beforenotandone of thcee'yMtardajr-BMniiy, at his residence. No^attarge.Tke Senatorial Inqolaltloa.Tl»e Harper'a Ferry Committee of theintorich as Italy in claims upon the the good win,gratitude and the reverenee of the whole civ- ilized world.Matob Wood's Paiajroe.—The New-YorkaBlaria- mcnt of the heart, a dUaaaa from which he has baaaA large number of prisoners, convicted of man-were sentenced 1^ jwoclamation, annotincing an armis- and Terminer. Motions were made by counsel inthat ,the Plenipetentiaxies of the the case of Ka&flxs, and in that of LAiiB,the Ful-proper subjects of inquiry before committeies and inflicted a severe woimd upon thesuch as this, and especially facts bearing mare person of that inconsiderate individual. Judge part of OUapod in the " Poor Gentleman." Thl^was la is an specimen,sented again, though Mr». Toodle should attend other alleges the piisooer, in compaarnltha^,'tpleasedthepatronizing public then to representfrom Booth America is of a more pa-threepouDda.street Theatre, Philadelphia, where be played the not ao rich aa that of tke aaallar vailatiea. Thaer. The of a prospectand otherCenadorwasflattering. Gen.Castilla JudgeIsGEAHAX,yesterday,intheCourtofOyer:!average taaftt ot tka piadaela af • or less directly upon the matter at issiie. Inobabax, not being able, perhaps, to see how 1834. From tliat year he has performed in every theatre ttee eight years <M.^_-Bawoald ojMntheir conferences on the ton Bankdefaulter,for the indictmentsagainst—blm. He built the National Theatre inr,as more than a of iio(}iJng parcel C^-amounts. 'Hadlaon-squaiewhich was stolen some six orand on Paris5 No 18}.to see a Senatorial Committee"of his TheSunUabyan in&nt abooWS anatba «(peacebetweenslaughtercrimes,by«f^Sioibaiy. rxom lama we have news of them, to be remitted to the Court of Gen- ~'ters as "Mr. Akdbtw'bsent the "bold brother-in-law" to the Peni-^which w«s tentiary for a year, to practice his frateniai and lost all that be invested therein. He became pro-Qm. Baiavikbt. In Bolivia several eral Sessions for trial. As no order to yetopinion concemifig JoHK Brown's conduct in Kansas "—l>«f.teTuUitioBary attempts had been made, such effect is given, but all cases remainingPhUadelpUaEBglaod,"nil TTiiiTailsTni iinlni mil TiUfli lailliBirafcaahaaaIt'^ilffii'tlie exception of an outbreak at Po- untried at the adjournment of the Courtbeen the Government. be remitted to the Sessions. Counsel in the rappiessed by ,willof Cotpsi had been captured l>y Gen. "case.of Moaniiis Shat, sentenced to be hangedthe burden of one of the interrogatories pro- propaganda in that congenial sphere. We begHouse In this City, at tlie comer of Leonard and Church sbraets, wtiich was destroyed by fire in 1841, and was reduced to thek-l'a" M~s^. "f. 5^linbe' and bidden in the river. The hat alteration in the rates for Money. DisappointmentI fridWeLmm, ttilief and Preble. The Sabine was off California.C^.Jtiao, and the return of the Roanoke was ex- The transactions in Cotton and Flour were lessJpa^tfHlJnsicdiately. extensive. Pricesofthelatter,however,favored Tbe aUamsfaip Canada^ with Liverpool dates to sellers. A limited business was reported in Grain,£LAKr,aaeoeeded in Bsrvalvesselslyinginthefollowing in this particular the lead of our mia-chief-making contemporary, and using its ofllcial character to send forth to the country—what a theatre shoulda cup of hot tea from theand was so severely scalded that she died yaator- day Some rag-pickers yesterday discovered 1"Irecovering largemadeandalways willpulledonSahBfd^,[ Parliament have been the noticebysixIt wUi never be repre- sHtaorrreis piectehsatof silk vesting, valonl at #t& K^ations.wtMte-tabjcct.„t(> iha.czaeltiea practiced upon seamen upon The.as followsThe daily circulation of the San newspaper ask sailing for a blue-book on the subject of .t nad Slave-trade, and then to speak on theavow he any angry absurdityBut the:woman, visited his store al3oat a naathin the ago, a^jlCity. committed the ofSeaix while pretendtog to pindaaa-'IWmw PoUiafaes a letter from thePope,in whichthe members the credit forwhatenlightening themselves heard in America through such or- which is raiiidly falling intousabout inthis the Herald^ gagementCitywasintheSummeroflastyear,said,Inanswerto an relative inquiryTheChancesofCommittees. appointmentcomputed by the l^^blishe^ and open to verification by all the world, amounts to "No Copies: No Beadebs."In 1S36 Mr. Bdetos became the lessee of the Metro- goods. The evidence, it is thought," laaot^alraaffpolitan Theatre, now the Winter Garden," adjoin- enough to convict the accused John H. Boek-Lord John Ri^sssll stated thatthe Lafarge Hotel. He was not as successfulmedde, a German, residing at No. 183 WestAmarieanjihips,Hi. DAlija iiad received instructions toa tiea^ on the subject, and that the draft of a <ianir4ropniraa in course of preparation. The Parismust or to inflict themfill anyonewho uponFotif- OSoOf Ruck, on complaint of Deputy-SberlB' Thomas Daa- lap, who charges him with baring stolen twohsnea, intelligence we were at first disposed to think the the other leadicg cities of the Union. His last en- a wagon and a truck, upon which he had levied tobctfaaa Bia teaaons for declming to surrender the givebelievingtliis state at Niblo's. He subsequently went South, aad on re- a shadow of claim to the proper^. Theanloialaaiidei^t 108J,irregular21i'a)f.tall^a,deficiency,butthisIs balancedbythepromptar- at the departure of the Atlantic, were the St. rival of about a million and a half of Gold frombe,—a schoolofport AspinwallTheof New-Yorkas well as in Fish, Hay, Hops, Metals, Oils, Hemp snd Seeds. Groceries were in fair demand, aspentine. Whisky was more active. Other D6BAX of his intention to introduce a branches of trade exhibited no remarkable alter-Tjiaddecs Hvatt, or Mr. Anybody Else, has a these to be on in the supposes journals carryingTale,"Police Keporta. > Mary Doyle was arrested yesterday on coa^^firom Qaeenstown to the 29th, arrived"^aad ryesterday.The advices are threei leading points of interesi in the pro- were likewise Provisions, Besin and Spirits Tur-"swindler in the skies, or to denounce the obli- then goes on to call the attention of advertisers to that it Is not a play of the first, second or third mag- way, who charges ber with havlag stoloa fnna kt»'negotiateRepresentativeslias perused the debates of that body, previous to Its organization, and even felt inclined toWc admit that on reading this .etartlitic piece ofthere as he and since his leaving it in anticipated,!iysalistyanexecution. Beciimedde hadnot,itisdaysof Ur.Thomas L. Harris, of No. 5S BtoaC>-wImMgllt: From the seat of war in Morocco we they said, with the deepest alarm. As long asin behalf of Papal misrule, Austrian intervention and pop-the prisoner was held Elm-street Sufierera.haas no The advices from Australia statethe war between Republican and Dem- ocrat was carried on from opposite sides of the Ilouse, and Mie members of thefactions were notclose proximity, there was always a chance--^ 'ttata'fiDancial panic, resulting in several Idilures,when Ms physician interposed, foreseeing the ereat. whichseparatedthem,smallasitwas,exercisedtakenof late to'i^-Bram tha Windward Islands we have dates toits usual influence inThe weather mollifyingunfeignedmanly the Italianswe havehealthy resonance of has brass. It is, seriously editor. Ot course Poi soon quarreled with Bcarea, and CABPaavaa had1animosities. BntiadOf' waadry, tending topromotethede- Buteventhis pacific influence, weallknow,onlytoof small arms'. Considering that all the *^^;J!(K«!^i6«d States Senate was not in session Southern members professed to sec in theloyal told in the fact that his library, selected with the Ur. Farrott. (cii;^ everymorning,"likeabridegroomfromhischam- intheCity,anditwouldscarcelybeaddingtoomuch Mr.UcCanlck.witkr.;a|dtp-«anbe,Iflved"" andtwrit^iamed for a new one.'ii^> having adjourned from Thursday tobysupreme hour, against hope, that liberty them law at last. But we have not been forced to make anythe thenaably—that will be r jndlcionair '—"l Wfortheirshould still havefeltforandandtwoefaildren.AogustnsBetcks. Sotonen Sheltberger, wife and Kven ehil-dren6t4*00 InfsatB Hmise aid not act upon the amend- 'iftbiyoatioffice Deficiency bill. Changest^.....J- 1- -jmg ^, of Texas, being responded to by aHe spared no paiiu to acquire a knowledgewhich has aroused the Press, the people, and even curiag them. Bis collect! on \t>f paintings was also Urs. D.YoQccwlte aad ] 10 00 T«'"''racking a desperate attempt en Jons Snxa-;Thursdaydramatic talent whichMr. Manksieikdirects^^eIn a munificentmanner but. with somewhat of a regal ostentation, he only re-jjjg Comimtteea, theplainthoped wouldeven bringwas so.of the rarest books In that j^^cular department, and expenditure of money was if> caoslderation in pro-|Ir to the Cdmmittee on Foreign ASairs. A ever their bands ofT them so Committees previootly in- kepicalamityin Elm-street,GeergeFii- up soathweat.I eame from thecould have been of guiltyoh that which evening,privateCity. ChimnB>'B, signs and unfin-were thrownat the docks were torngreat must of the nationaldown, vessels in the from their "^ them damaged or sunk at thein the bloodshed andEnglUh, consider that the leading members of theNo man has a rightthis subjectport. her porUon of themate'sofficioit to themsdvea to imitate thetheywish to maintain theoweStates Senator stands on the books of our Government with au un-In answer to the communication of "R. Jk,' there Iranashore,_ie the bill forj-was reading. '" >ale Of West*)"^'New-Tork City.ofthe reputation for saying whatsritnesaec,unroofed, OrphanRepublican Party, hare beenindeed, havelessons they learned in the latter hal*^cattais.near of 3SaThecrew, has notcomjriicity—we mnat say that"Stale of Cali/omla, says " His name stlU headed Discourtesy at a Theatre," I am preg^mi iBlet,rsi 6e u'clock p. M. Itcompering the orderedtoathiiridignitynoblespectacleto shakecorres-at more wind, aad:Brooklynportani^I have hu>wnUnited State, in MiMlsslppl, held theHouse otthecountryin the second.ingsecond-street, was arrested on Thursday,t:^.-^-psonfibly lelrbT the large number of his friends "ndadi^-for many weeks a laSarsr.Wiuuii EvAsa BvxtoB waa Imm ha LsnHK latafl«dialhe€japtali»l of(JU6Deuu^BopaRsaettMi^b- .en. Terhap.noactor,andcertainly<tf Att"at•j--what small remainsabstract right of Slavery. Mr. Aanaaw, of poUtical life are stiU lett in Mayor Wood, by of the large free •doeatlonal iBstltotlaBi of Loadom, transfer of power tram Ocn. PnjMrlof Boaion, by whom the fiud waa raised for vehemently urging that functionary upon the similar to Christ's Hospital and tha Charter Hoasa, wuBostpooed on aceoostof Ois'baa been iJiore popular in »hi»BvsToa. His age was 68. He leaves a widowand three daughters.The various Committees,.Cooper Itutitute, of all onpoted to legulativeeontlnne,ware not fifty peiaaaa finaa^t, HtUTAST.—Thegranta of railroad franchiaas in this City. Aequally pertinentWe have no disposition to interfere with good," which Mr. Woodinquirebefore the timeappointedfor themeetingaowCoiapafJi,tha stage by playbig with aa amataoi anJIMbteifiMataiiand resolutions to the objects of,fatft,on London wasall theof admiral."from theateasy, 108}®is felt at the in on the Post-office delay Congressoff firm.Exchangebang very decidedly, yard-armTammany Sim at Noon.as itladles and (entlemcn of the Fir* Department—wasperformed there, and shortly afterwards Hr. Bcrtos whose parents reside at No. 01 EUzabvetafcaat,nists closed in combat, and the mere distancedid not fiimish aVlWtiog rstnnied from England, had made the occurrence of a fight. There were fewexportcomplete guarantee against" Deputy-Superintendentirrepressible coa- $130. while those who were asscBbled wHprisedatseeinganannouncementthatgreat people place among and had the conduct of the peo-sea of dacka, and tuv^Sdi- 1U£ manner in which several Southern gentle-•not pievioiiaty aoliMl^ad; to meh ah«wed them up, contained plenty ofallowances for the in past,to take seriousfor thelarge, and included somerare works of the H. Weaver Italian Toutsaactfoo prevented. Hr. Fck-present efacrges which ordlnarx hoaian nstar« would who butthe aadMeqMBttr ^tdncapartynaollitely-oppeaetttiryesterday ware tha diebg subjects of the Austrian sword, tor years the only realAssembly.lieved one-half what he said, is deserving of AhviTiye and Bemiaerttie,oftoons, kicking tnd (mffing, that erer occoiredin themselves and soe^jechlly \'«Ktiipf*^ atid advoeatiox ibe (ertito-8C*tteringwi^.liuriing of spit-of theselves at once the free citizens of a free com-shockingdisgraceful cumprisin? about 60 acres. surrounding grounds,Hif the Mr. Be^blicaiu.BUQAX fol-on the floor of a Legislativevery praiseworthy pioveincnt of practical sym- don Crjslal Pals.-e of 11-01, an^i was one of ceived The Committee have ftiUoa I clotldng.an sjieecb,ofsentiments utteredMr. Clauk, of Mis^uri, in particular, if he be-monwealth. In the records of the]8-''>9, the one mad outbreak in wbicli the cruel case. We have already chronicled the charitable tropical fruits and plants were unsurpassed. DuringIexpositionand the Housein presently aftergreat year pathy with the individual sulierers in this cruel the largest in the Slate, its specimens of quite a large amount—several htmd:of wind which, in violence and >= of yeara. swept over the At-expiatedcareer of years among the people of Parma, tunate peoplecompleted, it was found thai «>ligMupon mait dreadliilventing the future recurrence of catastrophes soI.,und Frei. Keyera.TienhertsI wwtt, exceeded anything of the kind the Iiigfaest commendation for refraining from-_ This jrday.by-And it will be set down Inplanation of this chariig was gtvature distributions care wlQ be bucea to who are not in need of aid.and the _^wete viahed with extreme ae-and how it is that aKim's political views and clcamesa of intel-thelittle French Theatre in Broadway,Citysur-ujls'b lifeperson ofMr.ofVicar of Christ.accomplishedhe was to Indisposedparties abhortothan Mr. BcTrEEWOBTii."—<!^m•'7'j*'^ **•?* deatmctian of property by the hurri- labor under the gravest apprehensions. Wlien the'His domesticrelations are; -:*^j*e nWpt.^ eSctreiDeJy large, while, no happily,"•-»hiEV loM oflifehasfttjenreportedin tki» or the ; --aetgh'-oring titles.wefortythe sovereigntyas a sailer. She waapu- Uaily Insured in this countrr. Her cargo enmfitoa of 10,000 bushels of salt. hide*. «ood. ^°^w «•»adverse factions will bewith a portion of the crew of the together round ordinary sizedpresent gener&atioa''DIacenrteay at a TheMre.";It was understood thatevening of next week for a performance the amenitie. of hospitality when the bare pole wasiasa ofthe compiete jdatificationbuilt under his dheeUon in IF.''2. At (ilc.icovc. L.SDd twochiiorrcso il- logieaJ as not pbioging a bowie-lniife intolect,tliat while thelofjealThe reaolBtions ing than the eadamdiimtloa of eraiybody by real duty of their own, to lead at leaat the_,pfdpartyi»wei«mnual»XlHiliiri^avote of 70 toS»- somebody. IfeTsrybodyin the moral ) Congreas <tellaa» PafaectaMe tnejitii^ jWth five Republicans, truth, nobody can fall in the whoee un- t>faapport of their ov»n voloe to the canseprinciplea identical with the baaea Of our tion,—ezp(rad,ra8taidayi>aniiag, at II e'eloA, atemaUtutiog the adaoritr. IkeceiehnM'Mtai.WilliamB. Btraros, died17*frayUmely end will net greatly benefit the country—probably tha moUmdtmial IkapnaaatHudj aOB-etraet, fa tfa& Cltv, of enlargement of the VMOMM,(««aunt heait, a Aseaae from which he has long suffered.HIa death, not unexpected, will be thoughcountydays Herald,since, upon the examination of Mr. Griv state in which he isIn Ms 1to Kteg'a Bridge, \-paaaed opposedthe meeting. A suit has been commenced in the CommonPleasonbehalfoftheprojectorsofthe newinquisitionbroughtAnd we are glad,Senate seems to have been tomed than Mr a tegular debating club. A fewno comedUn,HI. fathar was aineUnad to Thaolocy,DiKGB, a lively diacnsaion took Elm-streetsufferers,distributedy8»tfrdavthesum the general theory of Government and voteditselfto<ne, Inrtaof ises 50, snd a large quantity of clothing, to the survivors who collected at the Five-Pointa House of Industry.the destroyingetued him aa appointmant at St Panlla Sekool—oaalaidover ftom fba last neMtia, ia .to collect all for theplaceaboutstudiously.Testanicrre. 40 sol siother. failier and.10 ool brother..40 00, Henry Samuels, wife| aud Infant(0 OO'J. Armstrone, wjfoI and lafaot is COI Gersbon.Mat30 00«a to It OaIfto It toviolence, and other matters some to the investigation.Itbe worth while towhat is.Anaoty,No.'0i_little,the widest prerogative of theorjolBad aprorliiclal company, pacfonaiag la the Norwich, Sussex and Keat circuits, usdar the maaa<«Bant of but as at least one result of Mr. SiTiiui, father of the celebrated Haui Fadoit, now married to Hr. MAaTa, the aattior of tlie " BoaMhFirst aod Se«0Bd- Ueotaaaato. CAU,lt-9mmthe largest liberty of the in this questioned,all these adventures;Benren pnaidtag'.ularvoice ofshould be raised in reply.therefore, to see that a meeting lias been called, to be held in this City on some day of next week, for the purpose of expressing theof the the Holy Father honored with the crosses of the Now, however, that the difficulties inter- Church the mercenaries who tiad put a fair cityposed by the benches and the officials of theand toi...... .... ..^M M jiSTiCoimnitteei-,anJ we needtonsnot subjects fur pablie months old, and was owned by C. G. Koirr,tables,bumiBg to avenge the wrongs of theright divine to govern wronga moment revivedNi«-YoES. Friday, le'j. 10. 1800.consignedftal|hJJthe other John Brows's publicans of course were:> Niw-Yo«x, Friday, Feb. 10, 1880. j^ ftatwoj»hajtheir ownWashmgton inean,andtIjeconfideneeof the country in theirhon«»^, thej wlU ayail themaelvea of theQate- -k^r*abandoned the ship,tha appaafjI«fcK>D McBPUY gavevaa iH feet nf watortn thahdCfwhaat 'weaffordedcent,wa^ makeAortworkofeachother.the laet threeSenator Gww to-he to riqntremorecapitalthumeatUfnotall)our"kfinint ejt-attempt na-IStnte. Attorney, and I kaow thehavetogers conatmct taooM.to accommodate usyytday.t, viUehcoatalawt Mr. Oaoaaa. the'Upinof fee office of United)>ave,iU cTpreaaed theforce of arms theanythingtheoffice since the lastand tha list may now be conzidetad elatedFor the good boy Parrott,(M>ai'W!UvablXilaa I*guilty of an ex-throughoutTo the Editorofthey Kilkenny catswriting of Hon. Wh. M. Gwc», United-;«»n»gbr.ezf. "'niop- by the Committee rooms toand in theboat, ia vrtitt* I waa, «W wfWi a«duringto be hanged. As this meaaure ofviolatetional independencei^iiniontliat theiropponentson theThe people of America, h«iBa^ with cordia^months, frequently tobyare alwaj-s the mott aggrlerod if they do ntf gM ftwjkatoi^aapiplfcST.T^. TBI them.If House,English;settled balance against him." X know yourto number of prove, by anyen acconnl of a very ghe«avWy swailtheyDondentto be an inteUigent lenUeman, incapable ofcnpled seats,gentlemancould notindicatedth»ectwtoafcla tteMPerugiahas setin aid of the aame beneficiaries. The briUiant alone visible.toSt. Peter.rapineproperty wc haveforminganf.i'Tintepillagein enlightenedviatedpublic feeling als, showmgdegradationItaly, Americanheadingsthat theof ability. He was a dramatiior ot popular stories—an art, which, iu the lack of origin-at^ub yesterday afternoon, those who were renderedadmiration which theand sen- through-papers, trumpets,severelyblowing congratulatewhich was called " Forty Winks." In in PhiLadelphia,have been collected by the dlffereot iiiwiiiIIIiiiki Messrs. Hijxisat and Ba<lo», of the Fiva Falalaoutthis crisisoftheirnationalhasPos wasman Committee in the Fonrteean Waid aqueationers,keep, andto IBmem^mbut we must venture thelobbying trips ;Beman aad BoMwIA wna;teurpublishingImperialexcursionthoseall the excesses so common in sanship, the history of outraged races risingber,andrejoicingasastrongmantorunarace." Sympathy with the Elm-street Sufferers,wethem and with them in theirMJ.Da tBetUart «rsceptrePeninsula, liave ^proved thein-Total money disbnrsedBesides the money, nearly all the abovo-aaaiad re-rights,if we were to say, hi the in Dram- country. Certalidyatic Literature and all works connected it therewith,..Tries;twill be more than balancedKven theroused at last by this^Ciovcrnmenl has been from thea»»r, I not Xwtlodd>dl>in.ga."»y,to-day organizing" Nobo'ly,"tnthe Aeur- York Timaoff the cautious reserve of months, aail thebeneatli the banner of^We give place ctter, in correctionthat ter of one of our Washington correspondents, pub-proved persons who of tlie last century have not been trampled outshut up in small roomsThe Italianpeople,The bark BdUmi, which went ashoreBamegat on the 7th -was ?-new vessel Instant,oppressionofmiserableweigh all the anonymous rumors in thp world, and sion. He leaves a widow and tliree amiible and ac- complished daughters. As an actor he held the firstdoctrineofof theto kill at once snd loievcr the idle scandal which and in tiis line, the rank, peculiar" still had its he itself with scarce histo Koirr & Pntst'BS. waapaobablynot ij^siired.Theown independent existence, and ot a nation soUb raaliSeikea, No. IM Halsoa-rtaat, of City(n^vcaasn. niMBareduced Mr. Bitchahan to a literally good for nothing exceptingtoplagueMr.Foehiywithal,hasde-having,_At the meeting of the Police Commianoitera yes- the employment of counael to defend John allegiance of the Democracy. It announces where he waa educated, and whare, a Uttla baCora Ua Th« DnoB MoTxanr.—&iterday afternoon five meml>era of the old police Itolk***Knr-ToufiiHi- forcewerereinstated.TheSurgeonswereonleredday, EU.I.TOS and Hiraxirs (father of tha praaeat Ckaiu. Hatbiw.,) were alK instraclad by rule and*" _^ Mniiaaaii<TilKrt.a'^aa<Bbowh and histo report all poUcemen incapacitated for active put between the upper and nether stones of mission aaconfederates, has since been service, either from diaeaae or other causes. CapL the Committee's mill, and forced to emit histhe Mayor's arrival at Albany on a politicaldgaedbylfr. CHAovnviag waa held last Bight la CHnleB Has, tka ciowJPOBTBB,oftheTwelfthPrecinct,aaotinacom-munication stating the snccesa with which mount-ed patrolmen had been employed in his Precinct, tive importance of the outrage perpetrated by league with Commodore Vandiebili, and''ItBSlC-UATnm-l Tuutuii-Sren- ) SOOI»TT'» CoirOB»».tBXATSK-TssBoiu»0l0»APo«» andreoommeiidiBXthattheybefurnishedwitha diatiact nnifonn.viewaoftheKansastroubles,ofthe compara-^^SfSskx-sTHKATBB-J«uniDun,•>na In February, 1857, Messrs. Jobsph BlitAt, dividual craniumof Senator Sukhzb Dabiil Lobd, Wx. F. BArsMrriB and ot&eran intendeddutiMofchlafeditor—the of yoOBgwl, ponlbly,(«Btl«menonrecord. This didnot eagagamsn)in the femle. RUworld to the recent earthquake in South Caro- emi-coUeglato InsUtuUont and, following in the— jeetorwUehwaalbe ~ff— , t^,jj,arf ab. |^something correspondinglina, and it proclaims his purpose of forming afather died whUe ha waa still Ib this«» .Bkowk upon the sovereign State of Virginia, to Charleston on board one of that enterprising fo*er It.itreaglh to the maraMKjrtFa Theaeaiincof1_ ..enterprUIng pubUahar started aand that infficted by Mr. Bbookb upon the In- individual's steamers, with the air of the Mon- newspapw, and at the age of 18 he entareloB ttwof theprominent dtizens, called a public meeting at (he propagation of Anti-Slavery sentiments by to England.teredsoT]!^.Ions lacked aa ranch' iaiatMMWiialmightsured us all be meant toto recover their expenses of room-rent,Ac., from those who thus took the conductof it out of their hands. Judge Bkady has stances of the John Brown raid, and into the the City, we shall not enter upon the investi- »Ai^- Very soon Mr. Bustos became tjie stage man- "Senior" Secan Uanteaai.them allnow decided on demurrer to the complaint that complicity of other parties in the same affair, gation. We only feel obliged, as public jour- ager, and In about a twelvemonth bad acquired auf-meetingplaint that the action can be maintaiiied. Jus- istice HcLLXK, of thethat thea somewhat wideris totheMayor for a time out ofsuggestioninquiry into the circum-keepmoosly eiaeted.-G. W. Carpentor, realaaed.Henry A. Lather, rw< r. C. Oakley, ICbakok or Tna or the Sotrn BoAn.—Oaand afterwantandltliaettiU the year 18» that we date his first CUf '-^ ba_ in uid specie list of Jan. 20 from Sjan from granting a lease on the sale of a lot for non- where the Def his name there is cold iron in his fam- where he was entirely sacceasful. His fliai charac- Rock, which has been hauled off since the Ttk a( -Jaa-k Oo.'illnAami. -.3^w-K¥!Wa OFJTHE DAY.takingthan it nalists, to warn our fellow-creatures (for, after ficlcnl reputation to approaeh as near to thements, where there are irregularities in the conthe^lhh December, made the ceedings on which the assessment is fotmoed. lten*iiclsco in twenty days and six hours, A question of interest to pilots and ship-ownersprivileges of the Senate are not assailed, or ily, and (hough he has never yet been himselfLotteryHaymaiket, take her turn with the carpentata, iiiilaililwaii aitSupreme Hatthiws vs.all, evenwhare heof4c., of New-York, that the Supreme Court hascided, in the caseMayor,isleU. Heagainthe rounds of tha prorlnoes, ersof the StoBlogtoa Use ta leave tUaCourt, has de-rangeoUsaaare our Wmdaor,metrop- played before Gioaos IV.,who left thisddmt outward trip yet accomplished. waa raised in an action brought to trial in the Su- tional function of impeaciiment but when foot, yetI4th. The CoauutaeeaitkwlU«kMTheTi'nwugersportpro-hertripsaithe^"treaanrefromCaliforniabythisar- periorCourt,yesterday. Itappearsthatthesteam- ThelettersofourcorrespondentshipEmpireCity,whileapproachingthisport, give very interesting details of was boarded by a State pilot, who claimetl to be ,Gk>r. Lasbam to the United States employed under the statute of this State, giving a the means by which that event was preference to the first pilot who shall offer him-The aimoaqcement of the result, self. 'The captain, however, refused the services In itself, appears to have created the of the pilot, and employed another. The first ap- aatanishment in San Francisco. A letter plicant sued for his pilotage. The defendants JUli, VaXe commander of the steam- contend that the State statute is inconsistent Mr, nves foil particulars of the with the Federal laws on the subject, and is vBB»«i with complete lists of the therefore void. Justice HorriCAN, before whom and saved. The total loss of life was the cause was tried, directed the questionfencesnotdirectlycoimectedwiththeconspir-pearsfromyesterday'srecordofJudgeIn-recollectionofLutoh.SuddenlyLibtoh,who ThsDisceaaosorMb.Paotost.—Ih«^aaagkaham's Court. One Mr. Jabxd D. had left through a pique, (such as actors of Stxfhxs H, Paovoai, who waa aiieataJ apaa a Cook plead- In tills country at the present.day are fond of iadulg- charge of perjnrr, upon the afidsvtta •TH.O. Wimn- appointed, and become a grand inquest into the ed guilty of an assault with integt to do bod- ing In.) returned to the theatre, and Bcaroa retired OK, L, A. Fcuas and odms, was ca&ad mffm VmeitherThe power of the Committee to enter into a of the perils that environ the men whosteam-Mtived yesterday moming, bringing power to grant an injanction restraining the City semi-judicial inquiry is, to say the least of iti a meddle with our mennirial Chief Magistrate. appearance In London, at the Farilloo Theatre, ehasfed 6om 4 to S o'clock P. IL "ni* flfimmA'--'' Athntie'jt|0 Horth BteMDship Company'sBttkiag the through trip in a triSe orer payment of an assessment for street improve- very questionable one, rights and pileter there was that of Wormmml In " Theuaxy, imdergoing thorough repairs, will coameMaawhere ttiatbodyis notexercisingits conslito- convicted, we believe, of a cloven carryingTleket." WhenLitioBretiredfromtheIs the same year, he accepted an engagement with and reeome ber paiaters,that at leaat one of his connections istheseinvestigatioBBareextendedtootherof- toofamiliarwiththeuseofthecleaver,ap- *a*itii<s of the theatre preserving a too vivid Boston.plaea boatsl> (m;Meaau,but wasonly moderately suceessful,the these Spring,two favoriteacy in reference to wliich the Committee wnsprivate opinions of individuals all over the ily harm to John MKTziNQEiE^The iffray aroso once mora to the provinces. Aftor" doing ttie rounds'' First Dtstdct PMce Court, yesterdar, 1firom Metzingek's refusal to vote for Mr. country, we have no hesitation in saying that Wood.for a year and a half, his attention was dlrerled tocomplabit, It appeared firom th* p^ais that aocommitted.''its Cook stated thereupon that he was Mr. Wood'sand wliat brother-in-law, and that " whoever insulted has remltod in the of athe Committee islegitimate authority,looks much like a feeble sort of Star- Wood insulted him;" and sovery producing—an wMch thepeopleoftheUnitedStates experimentfoollsbly transcendingAGiOAmc CAuroanA PaAS.—W«1av«l _pery uttered by the most frantic of New-£nf-landReformers. Wedo therefore aod object,way delegateston's ?" To go back some years"; 3fo«e and lAae, nottn thePtesbyteHaa Clnn^ C«Taaeis> laqasala.establishingfor- a cleav- tune, and a popularity which can navar be called InWhat the Committee can have to do with stKh Mr. Wood'sperfectly irrelevant, not to say frivolous, m*t- vote for him justified this conduct, forthwithgatheringor fortune, to havrseveral would wish to strip fromAfnrpounded to this particular witness—weareata ourDemocraticfriendstoponderwelltheles-Miuen>a beneftt.liXCTtras oa thi TixpU.—Bev. J. p. TmH>-i'tiM aame commander who was rcceat- on the 30th of March, moved, in a Tengthened ar- loss to conceive. The country, we apprehend, aon of this case. If it be an "insult" to verge of poverty. But his star was then risiiig, and 80S, whose oriental travels have sn idratiilitl waiM'atldPaz. There is nothing of inier- gument, for a new trial, on the ground that the CUIa—Ste revolutionists having subsided. verdict was contrary to law and evidence. The CaBTAU.0, late Chilean Minister at Coort reserved its decision. In the Court of Gen- ifi been appointed to the Fiaodi era) Bessiona, other tmsineas having been disposed of, Becorder BaUTABS proceeded to try the case of Datid Biacb, alia* Lbach, charged with forg- a cheek on the Naasau Bank for the sum ofingcare very little to know what opinions are en- Mayor Wood's brother-in-law not to vote for his good fortune lay fair befon liim. Palme's Opera pared him for the siityect,wUl laetan.aali«^-"'iAuMsMUItai has broken out on the Isthmoa;Mayor brother-in-law,Ths Pouci aid thi Funoi.— Tb«have been instmcied to aUow so ^eneaain the bed of the^%»dM eu lanfing at Cruces, and a lai^ Kis, of the Ledger. The case, which is one ofChafes Blver.set out from Panama to much interest, was not concluded when the Courtimmediately^"tiiej^aee. Oar Panama Correspond-oaciedita the report that a n«w _l Btmck, regarding the newly disMrir-adjourned.The business in Stocks yesterday shows a fur-ther improvement in prices, the market -leavingat Charleston he will bombard" "Burton's Theatre." Who does not remember Bur- peat his sermon on this aobject,riiiiMil. r»- to-iiiacr»»«naia(,tertained by this worthy Bosionian, or by anyon theeasUy and abundantly grati-Mayor Wood, it will certainly be an^ insuhKto Mayormanyof hiievenlBgknown and niprovad ntodal tt Iha Taapla wSl hagitimate curiositybycastthat his friends advised him strongly against it.about " Johhother"Kansas," or the "Constitution," and any le-Abolitionist,Bbows,"point which may greaterfriendship—was a failure la Paluo's hands. It had become a worse than model artist establishment wheneyes upon it, and its reputation was such Helines at fires, except firemea who wear theiri advised hlmiclf, and took it, and from that time tiU or the new badgea recently iaaued.fied reference to the files of the New-York the byorAndkkw, or Mr. Wendxi-l Pnii,LiP3, or Mr. and Herald, and to the internecine war which itbeing" "by " —or insulted" a refusal to nearlywith Mrs. WAairaa as Bermione, will not leave the recollection of those who saw it. AjiA who can perfect right to think the planet Jlerciury a manner of Jack Easy's triangular duel," and forget "Toodles?" If it is not—and it is conceded—quity of the earth's axis, or to entertain and its own flourishing condition, which it sets forth nitude, who can forget it '.plaintCommittee of the .Senate have no right toof the committees in the wring his doctrines from him in the first place,gansEstheycouldcommand,The Italian Cause.1657 he has performed as a " star" actor in thi. andpleases.every auction thatisheldamazing phrases in question were simply the abbre-wliich it is now ourAid for theoisthibutiok of moket asd clotbisoissue of the Sun amounts to an average of 00,000 copies, which areWe doassumed to be readis rather successful in these" EUen performelimpugnadaptations,at the Five Points House of lodostry, to ba prasaot atthe dlstrtbtttion of the money and clotfatog -whldi.100,000 the correctness of thisdays. wasour own our con- temporary on the vigor of his lungs and theexcited in the hearts of free andmen all the world over. America must have that a nevrspaper liKe the Sun—the only repre- fllct,'°anda "dissolution of the union." For some Ing a basket containing tools and valaaUaa8>mpathized strugglinginany"penny principle prosper panderingmetjopo-any of their property had escaped {rasa thiintelligentandsimply,a matter of noslight public importance, and abused liim. Then came anin theto without in the least to of himself. His lastthe nationswell have been that it would by presuming them to possess. Moderate in parti- But as a (riend of literature, his;those vile tastes andprejudicesexpectedcorrect and in and praise maybe bestwith to (he following pleasureapartstaif.MuchhasbeensaidofMr.Bcann'awealth,and,ashastheatre in Chambers- street he leased two years since to the United State. Government, for 15 years, at a tent of $16,000 a year—the Government to pay the charges of all necessary repahs". Of ^-Is other1802.who pobUsbed a work, called SiMieal Rmanku, ef stattogttatcisadMr, BcRTOir was an author, or ratherbecoming tone,to all the laws of good citizenship, the Sun de- pie.) wife and sevenserves the success with which it still conies forth highest scholastic taste, was the best private library children (SO 00 JamesThe recent dreadfulBothner, son and childtvoeithoughtdanshlerour population, and to devise measures for pre- 174 Hudson-street, near St. John's Park, and was Joseph Butler, irlfecostmendingof the Italiaa " Btatefc The men social condition of a large and neglected class of and Flemish school. His City residence was at No- Mrs. Abacco ar-tlLegislature,to our he had a beautiful counlrj-scat, with agarden(Earcncivilization, has also excited a very general and after the Lon- The conservatory was mudeied.fitawitli his life an atrocious offerings of many private persons to these untor- hi. Summer visits to this favored spot, Mr. Bnaws sick and suffering, Batorethe brutal sack in the name of order and theand wc learn with pleasure, though not with surprise, that Mr. Fbidebic Masnstxin,actor-manager of our agreeableentertained his old friend.ceived visitors whenafligwa. hoisted on the fttg-in the tank, and another overties received, one «! and 50,I iprlatar,Inot mooh notlea atent He deterralBad that bis son ahoold be a elar^y-pstlroeyeetdpense of eachyear, 'TheCaptdaaacgaata1which Biblicalresmrch takMman,and,throughtheinfloeneaofaomefriaada,pr> beadoptedfortUafBteeT'Atgoing lltararypnr.ulu,andthahandUugoftypeslarvadtoAnGaulUer" ballads, and subsequently by Mr. Cbi»»»«-tills eountiy, and he determined to experiment with<acquirementverylargeshows a at the Kiarioa pear, growaso—oftheUnitedStates,that even no enemy—and It has been hit misfortune,prietor of theOperaaoceptad. Theesitiie nat araeaada wta^cHonaa—Palvo is stlU altva, andWood himself not to vote for his candi- old friends greet him dally with real warmth of Ninth-atieet, one deor aaat of Biuadiiay. ThatraB-and by ao much asman than hismuch must a greater vengeance be taken foremployedto Ulaatiata the tootaia.datesWood is aoffence thanHerald, which enjoys the monopoly of record- The Democracy may depend upon it that if for eonvertiblllty into a Law Court, It was known asgraver ing and circulating all the most frantic trum- theyIts recent purchase by the United States GovernmentCmm 1any cleaver can afford. do not let this " dreadful man '' have itall his ownthe place from his Vanderbilt steamer,and clanlcalexactly,butNew-Yorkentirely—New-Y'ork,itbe under the management of a true artisttable,is making a gloriousWinter for itself on the strength of its increasing for high art, by the produAioo of the first tragedies dead body of a male infant in an ash-t>ox ia Moovast floods of fanatical twaddle, with which it circulation. It alludes very kindly and and comedies In the English language. The " Mid- street. Coroner Jacxkas held an ioqoest ia 'M«jis none of its business to meddle at all. Mr.^ compas- summer Night's Dream" was better produced there as well as in the former, but the cause of the aaattefli^-: sionately to its contemporaries the Times, Tribune thao in any theatre in America. The " Winter's the child was not determined. '^i**'and but a further examination satisfied us tliat the tumhig played Troy, for examination by Justice OsaoaK.;precisely to the North was to have at vehicles were recovered,literaryspeakThat not add that his positive assertion ought to out- cuiiosiiy, and cannot be treated on the present occa- City. She was greatly admhed for her beauty ctwhich theQueen has proclaimed in her speech from the Stating a Wsehood intentionally. He ha. in t&ls mU- dUcovered. His tickets were refused on the grrmad wUcb we cleared with tha guittti iWiiallj.and has unwiumgly been hi- Throne, language tornperanco A.r^ bv sneaking enemies of Senator Cwra to makethat he had remained a llt>eralfoimance, and the offier waa also made to find ^of tSbeenmlslDformed, wliich makes it doubly slgnificaat, that Eng- «?.^va MWmenLportionper- buttha ia. Ua wesavednothisc alolhaawaaleodMostofthem landcannotseewithindifferenceIdaaattoow what baoaoMany sanctity ofa leCAe with front aeala, paitle<darty the late ones,'•a gfItaNi^ peninsula.Yours,i..p«tg.p_ BUTTSaWOBTH.Untitled DocumentshlfSS)A °tat«ii«Bt to be entirely untrue.,thathi Ntblo's Garden, on that evening, at least SOOof the stats, but declined go op iteira. Now, itvotldNiblo'sFor fUrai^tcs tljc foUowlagiIU.p««H,„«rt.^^^ ^^ NUi^^-prevaileii.ilad up by tba tohcwit SafJ* at Upns-waaklylaurelsBsBcm roB Brr. Wm. H. Melbubl— pmonal friend* and admlms of Ml WiiaHlf jtow invited htm to deliver his Inlodt^le leetnq^.a^ '/frkat a blind man sow in at fita:received z^caa Gut* *^at Adjt """ *-"— -^mwii. Oat Ta*Ossoaadiamiaaed the aaQ« ton"Stdoana^ at1 Tenia,"Dimis or THI CRBianAi GovsamoaT.—Rev. Dr. Asakb wUL bytowifeand two children.. t^O OOj James Boncardregister,«Onlhe:th !rstsnt,w«li170 aO.Fred..on tns Una forming tha Baa taCoopatlaaMala,A.H- ofto*- - i!»tJ^- --.*r-!^_www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069M^S^^mf.'• 