 curntatm were in- bad already South Caro-reconirueoded wasjaevita- firrt 6<xau4oa>nih Carolina he (He. That ite immediate>nfh Carolina^ >old «*jcewmr>« gh site should ready passed.; one'of thoseAtiax'amean*i&raniy, bat a froW a peopla opposite andbecome strong: W. HfYNE.A T I O X .lie meeting'of lonaing a *kv»rh»g pr&-*eans%nd of Ti?er political r the purpose: ntomentocus «citoform a .it a doe re~ •>us to avow <uh&» raude. ao^WTonga •e who ahouid redly and iathem .portiottch, we submitaseailed t h e tithx and have o^trument forour Territo- bijod.-on t h eNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER M, I860.ih. withWW.:>i their,the Coosutu- v <f fugitive "i tbert'inder,'to aid,in the•ik>n«rre*»of ne itb—and thus •ally enforcedcountry, and r&mple tipoa!ft. our slaved* nrd«red theirnnrdered OUT ;high,in pc— d eufogiurus of *e"tferal of unpFicated in,litioni*;aper» among (ongree* ia- iinoandiary rights a n dx> burn our 3B-our slavesv have rora- hurcues andinsult and pel u* to de- >gether as a md eoeerva- kajority of a jincoln andevident and • jreseht-itive h e South— imat&eart; >ctrine th.itwed that he y .'trl of tbe .be South todeclarationa' y Bauyerted «j«l that the 1 liberties isforniipoliti-itntion of theuuztfti'ju: tshall be to«t and feel- meSouth-in the ex- frem the 3t coercion, ad trapport i* to bring « ution, t h e •• present eace and • way the ent :of thaiv• for thatST.*«•ee*-ding3' ithe even- »Vparvici- whichHr-<^athe •y/ailing1':IWtanee,aihere to on-of our rst time hiarisen—ft If the tint No con- precsding ndeatoojlupon-la Hection&I it the great[•it was the North ua- ftae-South.ant, with jntaxive* f wnction of aoncy» eX-ut nullify trywhose With the fear? (A eatdeed toFe nothing • c o u n t r y , that filledTehavea —tuft array fought OCTse North ikiris free > BaatbeNorthers. wwrvaure :ive man Ir to dread the Ohio, otifi aide, rv tegaia trosdinto raoy take with vornh Caro-ihana, II- will not aaerva*- ^d toaho- act«; and the Union* Con-SJucolaxw by a and we i* %i<jA-and, the iff thekathful uter the . The jrorn the arty, let ireeeptir»;buke Bid di<*- mttionL kettrded <itn litChrist's Church is the whole human race—all good men of whatever nation, who truly love their fellow- men, are Christians. Then he passed to the reasons we have for thanksgiving to-day. The Mayor of New-York haspublicly proclaimed, that in his opinion wethe broad golden helmet on the hil'e, and the white, wheat in the valleys, made a good man thankful. He believed in science, and be believed in religion, too. and he believed in thankfulness. Unless we voted God from the Universe, we must'respect this old religiousPUBLIC PEACE-SERMON BY THE REV. DR. MOROAN.theirScbendcoftheAlabama,whichwastosailonSatur- day, for permission to pay my passage and go on board. He declined to receive me, saying that, if ho did, the mob would tear his ship to pieces. I did not know whattodo. Iwasnotsafeat,thehotel;I couldnot remain in the streets; I knew no friend, and had it hot been for a Mr. Sherman, who took me to a sailor's boarding-house, I don't know what would have be-inofficeatWashington—havingbludgeonedourciti- zens—having, with all violence, opposed the pistol and the knife to reasons and arguments—having gone where she would, and when she would, and done as she wonld—by constitutional measures we have limited her power. ','-•My friends, this is a triumph of ideas that has taken •place. Government is but the exponent of new .thoughts and new principles. Now; when in. thechange's of Providence, we have come to that point in which there is to be a Government that shall be ad- ministered according to the old original principles of liberty that belong to this country, the South declare revolution, and say that they will not endure it. For one, I will give the South everything that we cove- nanted when We made the Constitution. I will stand b y the original compact. They shall have their insti-«fChrist'smission;Hecametosavethewholeworld greatthankfulness,forW9hadthejoyofharvest. He—not dynasties, empires, /or kingdoms, but jreopleiH-. knew thare was something deeper than this joy, b;ut PUBLIC PRA YEB THE STRONGHOLD O ?SuiteR—oiitKt...-~— -,Thatthepeopl30,000,000 people; and let iw not be alarmed and ftv be- ^0 ffJ^> e I e t 7I o n °S \NfcSjaf President, from 'the(uole; and so long as these precious qualities are in it, fI loye tt, for their fcakes, But when the alabaster box has' emptied out the ointment, I do not care what handl-imi ifofore us, so these men saw only in-the present, ''y&W&tfft ,"*<> was born on a blustering dtptin J'ece-mber, were stated; thai apostle of AboliaoniSJaipanyf and each man mitde it hk» duty*to see that Xcom- g j J J j V h e n under which we havebeen prosperous and plied With the united dtrnand* '-Powerless and indig-ifi1AWfl5oI¥lR!anot «tand. p e Constitution definedTthe?SSta*if blinding my sight and causing intenee.pi Mfljg My efiortsS f S ^ ' * * - ^ " ^ ^ thnt yon shall invSfo you? to relieve my eyes brought blows from *% butt- .of aW h b o r - s pnvilegej, and rights. Such. wai not its pihtol and th'reats ofinstant death. -,.•. • - • r. lai^gtn.^ or intent of it. If tT.e North> will mind its They took me through the streets, • n m ' . o n . till weu m e n hgrowth—f<r that I would sacrifiee abr vt imything in to the very limit of its enormons capacity, there being was a terror; life &&*&«*' n?thmg but brevity and make his own passions the tribunal, which would be>life.^ But union without liberty, uni ja without hu- even more than the ordinary proportion of strangers pain, and death ag^bilation. Mistaken aims fatal to all government. It caused the sphtMng of the manity, is but the <-orpse of n»y friend, and not his living present. After the opening hynm, Mr. Beecher said and methods were anotfieir ^ca«»e for this desponding churches, Methcdist, the Baptist, aad New-School and eoul-inapired body. Bury the corn** when the that it had been previously announced that on'Thanks- cry. The epicure, the w n s a a W t tTM pl«aeure-lover, Presbyterian—all but the Old-School Presbyterian *a4S^SRSJ^^^dcleStateswewillmakeanap- dress,andasIdidnotdeemitdesirableto<xbeytheir peal and «&nd up between them and have the laws indeb<^ate' sugjrwi ion, tbey forcibly removed \^}7 coat,mypant«,andevenniyunderclothing. Invai.n did I there »» no ill-blood, ntay your hands, we havo a «reat appeal to the Police, both mounted and on foot/ tbeyMake. 4« t h » Union nnd tJ:i, Conrtitution. w X dared.notinterfere,and indeed, jh&tpriorto orir afri^ai niarened. togelher uuder the rtaraand stripes, the flag at the Park, one of thorn told me he would not do kf- forground, fApplause.] reliefofthesufferersinEaneatibutithadbeenre- bntrtoruingawaydistastefully,«"dt"Whoshall andSouthernChristianswhoformerlywerederiroo*ofJF",£,,> «nd wewill ever march under wie flag.appropriated to the poor of Brooklyn. In the prayer .deuce in an Alm'ichty Power. We hearo!it echoed by colored people ? So far as extending Slavery into tb««•«*• hoatflity to the social organisation of fifteen State* of the Union.XewJiW. That we-feel, no le*« aentiirJTelvthan oar more South- **"> neiyiboT*. the injportance of luaiuUit.W the vita) «-ner«ry of +v*rv rotuiriturionai jruaranty for the protection of our right., and w e do not beaitale u> doclare our firna but oahn and reaofiite pur- po«e of tnnijrtxj.« upvn thenj all, under all oircn»a»tanee«. an the only ra*aaa,ofin*nriiig the perpetuity of the fcJorernineut and the Mrtrfprtty of the Uuiou.aeprreHdon made upon the inxtirution of Slavery i•0,"idJy KB«Krf Mfefl ii^ion tho ri^hta of alL • in one State U •"•vow^Xnat, ai-rwithatauding 'he nutoward renult of the'me it-would not'be safe for me to remain, or well- promises! New compromises? After having, for blind, to metat liberty them that are bruised, to preach tho ac- for what we have nowK but it's a dark time." And was brought to a close by inctioating the principJethat, for him to retain me. I stayed all that night with thirty years, tyrannized in this land—for thirty years- ceptable yenr of the lord. even the officials said there was no great cause for in the spirit of our forefather*, we should place mot* him, and the next night (Friday) applied to Capt. shown* the morals of Slavery in her statesmen and: men The preacher began by alluding to the-jmiversality thankfulness. But there was' enongn even how for faith in God and low m the appearance of things.w ]>le of Krntucky have a common inter- *** ith.«JU the iilavuhoiuing S^ate«..and they oonnider that evoit»ryThe Rev. Wm. F. Morgan, D.D., preaclied a serrmm yesterday mornmg, in St. Thomas Episcopal Chnrcb.iat* aleitluu, we »«,«• uo UCJ« to deapair of justice within the come ot me. Op Saturday, I went to the Alabama,have no occasion for thanksgiving. This is as it feeling of thankfulness for the harvest. The' Infinite comer of Houston street and Broadway, to a large oo*"* should be—When bad men see notliing to cause them Worker gave his autograph, lettering the earth in theto rejoice, good men are certain .to find abundance of green"blade, the graceful stalk,, and the full golden gr^gation. The general subject of the discourse wan,reason for thanksgiving. When God dispenses mer- er;r. It was a stale superstition not to attribute to God "Public Prayer the 8tronghold of Public Peace,*Onion ;_*-e»peciAlJy H-. botib rioo«e« o f Congremi will, b e oppo«ed to the Kxecutire luted u.i >n the country by a sectional party.TfoaWowsJ. Tbat the Free State*, in attempting to nullify the Fuettire Slave law by legislative euactmentr have deliberately vioU(«d the Conotituriou, and Kentucky will htNb<t upon u repealof tix*.-nulli^jng »t«ttJten by the State*, and a faithful execu- tion ofthe law. 'and the purser told me Capt. Schenck had given orders, to put me on shore if I went on board, as he was afraid people would do violence to the ship if I was allowed to remain. Notwithstanding that, I went below, and was hid until after the steamer had got far out to sea.In corroberation of the foregoing statement, Mr. Sin- clair by request showed the yet unhealed sores made by the application of the cat-a-nine-tails, the boots and pistols of the members of the Vigilance Committee of the city of Savannah.cies with a bountiful hand, Satan despairs; therefore, the power of the harvest. He did not deny but therewhich was considered with Special reference to the present, agitated condition of aflairs in OUTRepublic.Tbe text was from 1st Timothy, 2d chapter, the first andfoecondven*es:" I exhort therefore, that, first of all. «tippHc*tlon«,J **Uerd That the partr thus implloated in the crime of vi<v lating a pb*r» prevfcnou'of Ilet us reioice. W e have to thank God for a year ofunusualhealth, and for a season of fertility so unex-ampled, that all previous, of how great harvests^ soever, seem scanty in comparison; and not alone theearth, but. the seas also have contributed their fullwnscause for fear, for humility, and prayer. Out upen that party that would look out upon the trouble but to ridicule it; that could seek emotion but to jest at it; it was as mean as to attribute all thesei troubles to the triumphs of a party. But there was cause for»of the (*on*titution i» ill prepared to take ebarga »{ the Kaeruriye Departiueni of the Govframent, and in*iet on the faithful execution of the Federal -law*, HOlong usshare—-the fishermen have never before reaped so full thankfulness eyen in tbe political aspect ef this intercecaions, and (riving of thankx be made for all uwu ; Foetheir eorpnhle acta oTState legislature remain unrepealed. Jtfotqpd. Beii. ving ai w e do that the comiervative men of-the eevatry will avain obtain control of all the departtueuU of Gov- ernment, and belieTint; that sgs;:r>aidnn>< npoa our rfarhtx can bearreeted without report to extraordinary oMeaarwf, and belierinK that^ the. obligation rext* upon ail to support the ConMti'uti >nof the "nl»*Hi Sintea, whiob ie the KOpreine law of every State and « r r y c(Usen, w e app«-al to our Southern brethren not to dotert the rommon caa^e of the South wi'bin the Union; w e appeal to the oonaervatrve men of the Northern State* of ail parties, who •value ti-e intigri-> of thr Uhiuu. to reveri»« their.aggreiwive ao-<ion« ap*a the right* of the Southern States by a prompt repeal of theii ttuTiifyiue acta, and jrive the Southern States that awaur- *nc* tlimfi tbeae right* will be aappoxted to the full extent of the Gonatitution.aharvestfrom themoist furrowsofthesea^—in-faot, country. The country had had peaceful expres- kings,andforallthatareinauthority; thatwemayleada qtdettAoaoiixtf, That Kentucky wDJ Htand by the Union, inaiatingon do so, he will relate the particulars of the outragesNorth to their ideas of local interest; the attempt to' do this on either side is contrary to the Constitution and subversive of the Union ; and the organization of tho personal administration of the Federal Government on such premises would be itself the overthrow of the Constitution "Yon observe how exactly he has limted and defined his own- opinions.. He does not say that we have no right to interfere with them by legislation or by com- mercial restrictions—in which there might be some truth—but he says that wc have no right to endeavor to convert tbem to our ideas. H e says, to the South: " If you thinks you have no right to speak to the North;" and he says to the North: "Ifyou think, youEmpire can be established. Crowns once were mado smiling hil^s and valleys of plenty, were cause for deep interests at the mercy seat. And never is the spirit oC prayer, or of any heart oblation, in such perfect har~ ofgoldbeatenoutofthebacksonthepeople;butnow.(and unfeigned thankfulness to God. Wemustmeet mouy with theBeingtowhomitascends,aswhenitthe strongest crowns are made of paper—the unbougbt trials fraternally. He was not going to prophecy. A encircles tho world, and bears nnward to heaven aft votes of tne people. That either one of such men. as Vic- clergyman was never more ont of his place than when the souls which earth bears round the sun., Dr. Mor- tor Emanuel, Cavour, or Garibaldi, should appear at this he undertook to prophecy. But we must meet our gan spoke next of the wonderful goodness of God, time, shows that the will of God is now visible in the trials fraternally, for God worked for peace, and wethe faithful execution of every provision of theConatitutionby t*e North and Sonth. until tfte ai{grea«<ion«» upon her constitutional righta becotne more intolerable than revolution.he has sufficed for having been a New-Yorker..Still another case related is by Mr. Wm. T. Rey-On motion of the Hon. J. JrV Bullett, the following nolds, the son of a respectable New-York" merchant.additional restduiionK wert? adopted:XaoUied, That w e cordlaMy indorw. the following resolution adopted-by the Tennuitwe JLeri^lature at ita last ^oa»iou. viz:Aoe/ectg,- Thtt In the opinion of thi* General A.^xemblyl all the evil* growing out of the present intense Slaverv agitation, all the dweord; alienation, and bhter hatred now'growluK up and ex- tending between the > orth and South, are the leirftjmate fruit. not of any nece**ary and •• i.-»<-.Utible conflict," between Frn*t auofiCbrfiaJabor.but a conflict between rival aj«piranta in the race of ambition, North and South, urged on by an inordinate greedHe utates that on Sunday, Nov. 18, while boarding at the City Hotel, he received the following notice:SAVAK^AH. NOV.IB, 18fi0. 8IK: Understanding you to be an AbolitioniHt, and believing vou to be aneh, you are requested to leave town on .or- beforeTuesday uext, or el«> to Hun"<;r the cotwequencea.Br rATOK 0* THK SOUTHKRX RIGHTS ASSOCIATION..pret-ent emergency, but that three such men should ap- must work with him for peace. So he said that this which covers the earth as the. waters cover the sea,of <rSci*l power and plunder—a conflict which can only, bere- Thoimvi, eso.,) called ni>on Chas. C. Jones, jr., Mayorunequal requisition. The brains and intelligence of ideas and principles, and by* the howling ofpreafod by apowerf-il and«acce*«fi>l effort, bythefriend* of-the Union, to- ron*e the people to a conviction of the reality and magnitude of the impt-uding danger* to ita existence.".TLir..glorious meeting then adjourned.Ckarletlxm fiferrury proposing that the public ball*of Savannah, who told nim to pay no attention to the notice, and if he wasattacked tb protect himself. He was troubled no further until Thursday, Nov.,22,.when a C<>n:initree, calling themselves the ".Vigilance Com- " mittee of Savanntui,'-' waited upen him at the Scrivonthe South ;aie.not the strongest part of them. [Laugh-ter.]: In the North, reasoning is greatly in voguo.To put an emibargo on both sides chiefly oppressesall those_ who lore oppression and tyranny. Remembering the recent conflict, we ought to- give thanks for the rescue of Liberty from the grave of ourSERMON B Y T H E R E V . B R . TVNG.A BAXCDTG MAN'S PROTEST.Some ardent Southern woman having written to The ences as to character, & c , they Would give him aAt 11£ o'clock on Thanksgiving-day morning, the im~ we were, to learn the duty' of common prayer. Thj» pressive opening services of the Protestant Episcopal general duty in no way precludes the obligation of.,:*•bow>e-kt>ife—each man vehemehtlydemanded my com-tmrnmim*nant, I was dragged along the*«treet. On the way tobreaks the box—it is good for nothing after the oint- mont fegone. The idee of maintaining unio;i for thehw>frAfi cfrrf* 1 1 b o w7«« «ny good V But sometimes } severed for thirty years. The school of Abolitionism be-ing.'particularly on the fact tbat J was a New-York truth, union for rigor in liberty, union f«»r power inthe chronic mrr&vS** ° f blH wind, that took delight were to be obeyed above mere written laws—which theAnother victim of these lawless outrages, w h o w a sarrested at the same ^titne -and treated in the sameinhuman manner, ateo escaped with his life, and ought to-bepreserved; it w/illrank with those creaturesreached the home of bis widowed mother in this cityon Tuesday. H e is so badly injured that he has beenconfined to his bed ever since. He was a weak andwe dig up, fossils before the deluge. [Laughter and applause.] ; -. ' '"•':•••••'• B y tho Conntifcution the Federaa] Government in but the trustee of tho States for the purposes defined and described; thothat consolation is not denied. W e ought especially to forget that this is God's world, and his future for this all, whenever w e address onr Father in heaven, either with the voice of supplication, or of prayer, or of La—rather delicate man. When'he-sufficiently recovers to Southern State* have no right to undertake to-convert thoFreedom—that now the consent of the people of all truly he said of us: " Thou hast not dealt so with anyWestern Europe must be asked before any Crown or Other nation." One ocean upon either side, and our the whole family o/man, and present their manifoldMr. Reynolds, with a Savannah gentleman, {P. G» baye.no right to speak to the South." That is a veryknow that God is with' us by the triumph ofothers.' • - . ' . . ' RIGHTEOUSNESS AND PEACE. -.and* not willing that any should perh-h. Upom the solid and unchangeable basis, the evident impartial, universal interest of tbe Godhead, Father,.; Son, and Holy Ghost, the obligation in the text wa» founded. In a common nature, in common mercies, i s common sorrows, in a common Savior and sanctifier,House, and told him unless he could give good refer-"tight-jacket;" buthewastomeetthemattheir rooms the i.ext day at 12o'clock, and convince them he wasreason on the matter of human rights in the South. It is only saying in a diplomatic way- " Hold yourthe venerable pastor of St. Georgo's, the Rev. StephenH. Tyng, entered his desk, and took his text fromand We say, Let it break. God hath appointed limitsto its fury, and Wo thank Him that at last He has "And the work of riaihteouaneos shall be peuc*; and the effect begun to recall this nation from a. course that was of righteousuesf, quietness and assurance .for ever."•-'••«—••••—-•—,....,..,__.._..,| ,•••—••• .-......-;•.ij,,'•i''|T | | AkJUO A I U 1 & I A'-n i l / i i A l ishould he given up this Winter, a male correspondentprotests against the measure in the following terms: , a good citizen. ^. '• . ' . .tongues, both of you, and Jet the nation go as it and portentous wrath in it; .and it soon must break— Isaiah, xxxii., 17:" Kow thia ia rather too much—rather running the thing in the ground- What.' ahull we become, .Quak- er* because we have to light I Shall wet put on long facet* and Pdritan-like paes oar <lays in paalm-tdngiug—bypoeriiry and gioom ! Pshaw .' let n« rather re-joice. W e are Cavaiien*. not lank-sided Kbnndheads.If we are to have tcur, tthall not love eoothe his leisurehours f4 ShaD not bright lights shine ' over fair wo-men and brave men, and eyes look love- to eyes thatHe presented the following "Pass," which' saved pleases!" Now, I bold that this can never be. Free bislile; • -. , ><-. ;•..• • • p speech cannot be suppressed in the North; it will hotchildren, their edict was for Okunion, offering, if ne- ev»ary,Resistance-in)theconsummationofthescheme. The united Breckinridge pre*s, Kke the voice of Sern- prcnius.isfor*•war."'Thefriendsofi/tr.Douglasand Mr. Btll have become weak in their opposition, through constantdefections,andarenowcontentingthemselves with making is*u»^merely upon the separate action of Alabama, without conanlting with the other Southern Slates,^L^^OCTBAOES UPON NEW-YORKF.KS IN SAVANNAH.7he steamer Alabama, from Savannah, broughtHxnong her passenger* Mr. James*Sinclair, a mitive andbetween the whole community and outside communi-advantage /or the; Sooth .to go off. I. cannot reck. ties, in order to keep the people united at home, and turn, say my catechism, and get my supper. AndonmyHvlfamongthosewhohaveadvocateddis-.nmintainthecontrolofthearistocracyoverthemasses. SouthCarolinawillsoongetenougholSecession,and'lifetime resident ol '.hisCity. He gives0 following , rub, then we willeontinue to wea;: a.huir shirtt But if quie't and liberty be prosperity, I .-.hold that we .shallof his reception and treatment by the hoepitable citizensof Savannah:My name in Jamef. ShM-Uiir, and I was. born in thisCity. Having a brother in Angx»„ta, Ga., and being <*ii of e«iplovment. I went to Savaimah about the 8th of November, iuteuding to go on to Augusta, in the hope of obtaining work in my regular line of car- peutrv. ; I to'ik up my temporary loogmg at the ( W Hotel in Savannah. While there, numer- ous inquiries were mad* concerning me and my boanees, which, not being ^atisfaetorily answer^, ^•ei.tuated in anorder from the Vigilance Couinuttee «>mmat.dii»{f mv immediate departure from the*wy- fbiw order did not commend itself to my ideaoi propriety, and I declined obeying. A few hours•"Ueqaently a man cume into the hotel und desired afew ovjiaenrs private conversation with me. Conlid-**#y I followed him, and upon my stepping Qi>on thetvkwult hi* \reachery became apparent. About thirty**«**uriouxsiedmo—eachmandrewarevolveranda thatointmentwasJustice,:Uunutaity,Liberty,Kecti-This, he said, seemed to have rx»en uttered by rant for the course of remark which duty led him to iniquity, rmdthat we are suffeiahg for our transiiies-»~ & e ^ r d ' , doctrine of the " irrepreesihle conflict," abaulf^betweentwomien*of4bor,wasfalbcious.There was no s y , t ^ of labor so well Vda^id t^ theSooth-aspnnsandthatargumentagainstShtvervcanTahftee.QuidsoftobaccowerethroO^intoTM7f/08*freejiiaitutions,unionforhumanityww,andgreater PlymouthChurch,yesterdaymorning,wascrowdedinthedarkness.T<5>STM*.*.°vastn«ssofnaturepreachercontradicted,becauseeachindividualmighttheplat* of torture^ I woe coetomntly assailed, by theBOU1~" Who W «mostbhifpheihousandol»econeepSDb:et«,"themobdwell- beggarlysakeofunionIUnionJorb«»nor,union.forCHRIST'8MISSION.A SERMOJT I?Sr THE REV. HENRY .WARD BEEGtfEK,tbis'qnerticn<KMechoedbytbedespondingsoulfrom ganwithtbeideatbatabstractprinciplesofhumanltrreached the Citv Park. There they ordered m o to un- soul has gone out of it. Don't keep it tostjuik above giving morning a collection would be taken up for the andtbe man of crime, sought g«s°d m# these directions. the Episcopalian, to whom belonged double honoc-;T o t h e m n w n n g o f S t a t e s , a n d w a r , a n d m u r d e r i n g t i e l e n d e r e o f t h e g a n g , , W!K> w e r e , t o - a l l e x t e r n a l a ^ * - t h e y a r e n e i t h e r t o b e b u l l i e d n o r i n t i m i d a t e d . A l r e a d yane plundenng of each other, rn the feast wo are in- pearance, gentlemen, to know wQ y they were thus we hear of new compromises. Already it has pleased cited to, so we.any to the North, retrace your stop*:p r e f e r r e d f o r t h e s l a v e , - t h a t h e m i g h t , b e l e d . i n t o l i b - erty; and for Italy, that, having won liberty for herself,n ) e n w h o h a d o n l y m a i a r i a l i n t e r e s t s i n a n o t i o n ' s l / f e -Tbhi 1* to atate that, no far a« nay knowledge \ of Mr. Reynolds . be soon suppressed in the South. „•;;•-.idxonceerned (and probably I huve ween as much of hiw a« any The question next comes, up, snppose the South threatening her destruction. W e must be guided by Thanksgiving Day is, he said, a day on which we w'ble kingship, ana of lawless, defiant misrule, ia rap- •man in the City of Savannah), he haa alway* conducted himiielf should f-ecede, what would be the result? I do not Principles. Fear, Pride, Selfishness, can never guide may appropriately give expression, to hy—joy in its idly disappearing froiu our world, never to return...,,, tutbecome*agentleman,andthatoi'agood and orderly ci'iaen, know-r-sofarastheyareconcerned. Sofarasweare the ship of^our prosperity to.happy issues; they always highest form, which is that of tranquillity and peace, There are two lights iu the moial firmament—a greater,und never, in m y hearing or to iuy knowledge, has he uttered on word deroRatory to Southern iruititutloas or Southern righta.Vour* reKpectfiuMv, JAMES JBU.BO. '. SavontHiA. Nov. 23,1860. •' . . . . . . . . .To tb»- ejetent of my knowledge, 1 indorae the above.wreck their vessel*-—-Justice and Immutable Right are tbat cometh from righteousnows. This high form of and a leaner; tbe light of Christianity, and the attend- eoncei-ned, I do know. In the gale on Lake Erie this the true pilots. But. in seeking peace, we must seek the expression of joy does not admit of tbe babbling ing light of civilization; and their piercing brightnessweek, there came a ship, and many of Boston's solid haste of the shallow brook, but flows on silently and men, perhaps, had an interest in her, for she wao to establish, not so much immediate peace, as to estab-•Nor do I believe in union for any purpose of intimi- called td his mind that the Church contribution on this show us any good 7" Sometimes iF^o heard it from of dcing away with Slavery^ began seeking Bible ar- dation. ForthirtyyetirspastthoseStateshavoelected .particularannualoccasionmustalwaysboappropriated a %h phine of intellectual greatness that gumentsinfavorofit and itsextension. Had/Abo-themselves mallets with which perpetually to threat eu for the benefit of the city poor; ana, as the rule ap- questioned everything, without any Jriist or &&& litionism made a single State free,that would not other*. to strike, or strike, the North. I thiuk.it ia high" time peared to be peremptory, the money taken would be in an Overruling P7»Mdence, uncapped1 fix^ry question wise nave been free without it 1 Had it ameliorated that this part of patriotism should be done away With; and probed every mystery, leaving no rooat forconfi- the condition of the servile masses, or of the freehis right aim. I then jippeded, agjan and again, to. that the North should let the South understand, that which succeeded the hymn, special: petitions wereTerritories was concerned, the preacher left that for Everywhere was thhy expression jrrfe. 35en-- sought statesmen to decide, if any such we Jiad left, f o rcliamtans1 that they, zaigbt know semetlnng: of the I thirty years there had been a war# of words—word* arjee yon men of «onservatii»m and put down fanati- j;aln^g^with me, an^ the only^and ^unvarying roplie« ) the South to say, that if we will repeal our Personal she mav so shine henceforth in the galaxy of nations future. Every quackwho couldpromise eomothingbetter < sharper than bayonets, and more piercing than Mini*" cism North and South. What wo dolet us do calmlv, wonld. be. that I had tarnnered with -slaves—a charge jJUberty bill, they will be gracious to us, and take us thatallher past glory shall fade into,insignificance .by found multitudes of wilhag vsetims. From the*mean- rifle halls. Tbe trade of tho brawlers must cease.coolly^and deliberately, and let our action be:haruu> utterly unfounded -in .trntn^.and incapable of proof. irxto favor once more J It is suggested that we go into the side of her free and noble future; Special- thanks est life to the highest, everywhere was this expression iMammon bad destroyed patriotism. That was the mo-naous and eomdxcent. Having torn my' clothesjfrom'my body, they compelled a rfc-tiukering of the Missouri Compromise line. The were returned for the health which has been so uni- rife; this was the universal cry. tive of cne State, at "least, that which wished to ee- me first to kneelj' an4tnen forced me.to fio upon the Mi«sv">nri Compromise line is very much in the condi-TherfoUowiiig is the mmoriiy report, which was ground—my face being -'turned ;dowhwards-—where- tion of the Atlantic cable. Lot him find it who can. versala boon during the past year; and lastly, for the. II. The Perpetual Occasion, for Chrixtian Thanks cedi?; for the purpose of gaining riches, they propoee* a.upon they lashed me with exceeding, severity with a It is cracked in a hundred phicee, and will never carry' fact that the Spirit of. God has moved thenation to.un- giving.—And it was comprehended in thhr; God over openxng tbe wave-trade, to sell barbarians, and to oc~ , cat-o'-nine-tails) bruising the skin, lacerating the flesh messages more. Yon will never get the Missouri Com- dertake and win a great achievement in Liberty, and all. No room for despondency in the hea;it tliat. felt cupy the position once held by Abgiers and Tripohu and carudng sensations sufch asI never^before expe- promise again, and never ought to. It was a wicked- preyer was offered that the storm of wrath wbich this. This was the broad vision which saw the Father That «tar wliicb counsels secession and pi- lienced. Thistreatment;was"variedhy"'anoccasional nesswhenfiKstmade. Wereceiveditasalegacy,and appearstooverhangthecountrymaybesoondis- inall. Iftherewerenoruler;,no-powerworkingbut racy should be accounted a~demon. Yet,whde•adopted ten to one:2*n*cit feM IK,l<?><hrid UN.->«n uuiiml *nd mi^htv jHw>pl<»; andirArrtat; ttM po«l:}oji of K^utoeky iw an inland 5«tutt>, wfc6 no»uflet to-th* ««mnK«rc0 of tti« world bot through * union with head with the butt-end of a pitjtoL After they had willing, I was willing, to abide by that part of theV*^'rf.M*t.g't'^^having«noxt»>nd«dhord«rthreatenedtohe«•*«fl«nil»rHn»beWeentwoorn>ore>wepuratoOovernmtintH.•^Th-T**4?*Eaa*1vitalimern-rtinth«prv*»nr»iionandpwrprtu-a-i<>u of th« Union with it- eoiutitutioual <uaranti<M«, aad tb« run formy'lifej tbat they would' give me ten yards ruthtaesly violated. It ism every memory, too, bow, being as follows:con^qt^nt* ri(cbtto'N-miunJofthaStat**andthepeopleofevery stprt,afterwhichtheyshouldfireuponmo. Istarted immediately.sequentuponthat,theFree-Stateeler Lvke,ch.iv.,v.17-19.Andtherewasdeliverednntohimthe••coon a h«wu'u.g in tin* criaia; therefore ~ I ran^-they pomtecf their revolvers and shouted—I ment in Kansas was treated by the South. With what book of the prophet Emiis: And when ho had opened the book, us. to ou'r knees, the infinite watchfulness xndJc^oAe«< That Kentucky, in common with her ni«ter States of jumped^a fence and they yelled with rage. Frantic supreme impudence does the South now, immediately he found the place where it wan written, The Spirit of the ordejing presence of God. For be spoke pi-escrved'*—carried out. But eiglit Northern States to* Sowlh. deplorM the election of » JPrwddent and Vto*-Pre*i- Lord iH upon mo, because he hath anointed me to preach the Go«- tad afceady enacted measures as mcach in opposition *#-arm.otth* United t>t^«», upon a pnreJy aectioual iaaue, br a •with pain, half stunned and body sore, I rotutned by after the.election—the North having been scrupulous pel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal- the broken-hearted, to now of the feeling which •induced people ' toP-r|ywho**«-rowrdoeclamtionofprinciple*andaction*prove Hide-paths-tomyhotel,,thcproprietorofwhichtoldinher-fidelitytoeveryobligation—proposenewcom-preachdeliverancetothecaptives,andrecoveringofnijrhttothe say,MWesupposewe-oughttobethankfultheConstitutionashadSouthCarcliria.Themnmom.kick in the face from a-heavy boot, or a rap on-the our fathers haying been sworn to keep it, we werepelled, and the Sun of Liberty beam forth, to be hidden no more forever. The text of the discourse was an- nouncedasthatpassageofthe4thchapterofSt. Luke,,the17thtothe19thverse inclusive,thewordsthe great plan of the universe, we, too, might echo this despondency. Thank God,-we baa to come back again tothegreatfundamentaldoctrine,thedoctrineofGod's Providence. Itwascauseenoughforthankfulness,ifMcemon was'demanded, it was asHcrted that thick as tbe frogs of Egypt were there men, in these Northern States,who>,carednomorefortbeunionoftheseState* tlianwhatwastobemadeon*oftheminbardcoiau OurfreeConstitutionhadbeenpurchasedbybloodUimisbedthecastigationtheypormittedmetoputon mytornandtatteredgarments,andthentoldmetocompact. Itisfreshinyourmemorieshowthatcom- pact,althoughmadeintheinterestoftheSouth,wastutions, unvexed by any political intrusion. Gen.Cushing (whom I have not the honor, personally, ofknowing)saysthat we give upfreetliinking! In a butoneelementiswanting to make us all:feel that sion of its political opinions, ana who in this *'Forallmen!" Suchisthe comprehensivenessef.speech just made by him at Newburyport, which I hope is not correctly reported—but I fear it is— [laugh- ter]—-is this paragraph, which I think, as a curiosity,t and peaceable life in all godlineM and honeaty."this is trnly a day of Thanksgiving for all, and country would not wish that every man should our faith, ite large and divine philanthropy, as it meetethat is a trust in God ; that all the po- be able to express his political opinions?litical darkness and dangers which now seem Weonght to be thankful -for these crops of manliness. us in the first clause of thin apostolic exhortation.. It . to threaten us, have been so ordered in God's opens to us an unfenced, full-orbed realm for the exer-.A growth of manhood was a better thing than a growth ewe of our highest prerogatives as Christian men; a w l good providence, and it will surely eventuate for the, of grain. W e must not borrow the future to cap down with a generous7 negation Of self, it invites us, first ofbeet, and to those w h o reason rightly oh this subject the present. W e knew not the future. W e must nothas driven despotism to its last refuges. It cannot Iiv« loaded with copper- ore. To relieve the vessel, they linh and secure the causes of peace.. Our National deeply", like the waters of a mighty river. ' The Work where" there is light'. : No rampart of strength willepeak again.' The wo: Id nay*, Thackeray ia like a P. G. THOMAS. threw over thefcopper, and every tvin that went down, prosperity depends, not onthe freaks of parties and the of lighteousness shall he peace. No man can be at save it. No prescriptive right, no royal title, nopeace with his own conscience, and consequently Jtap-&<-o.u Mr..Reynold* has extended, I the ship went up, and they saved themselves by throw- moods of men, but on an obedience to the will Of frowning menace, or biislling of armed men, or mae-,So far H* m y aequnlnfanoe -withlork gloomy at it and it will h>6k cloomy at you. Let dofrn»«eiv. and^wfith-pleasure, indorse the within statement and py, if he does the work of wickedness; no nation or sacre, or excommunicating bull, or murderous war,l«-kiiig-j<las«i—HUiilo at it and it will smile* at you;ns beara bght heart, x«id lyok'with, a bright, nnawed, Saranuat, Nov. 23, VM.ing Over the copper ore. For eveiy State you throw of God. What we have reaped in the past of pros-G- W. LAWTON, combination can be eventually prosperous and happy iffearless' eye to the future, and let ' all go merry a« a/inarriage hell.''OPINIONS OP THK SOUTHERN PRESS.'Blufllou, S. C. , oil, you will go np an inch ! [Loud applause.] What perity and happiness we may hope also to reap in the it does not obey tin's immutable law. Before there can will ever again secure toleration to another Nero, orfai-ts,andofficersofthisvigilanceCommitteetha*hereafter $60,000,000intheNorth. Ihadneverbeenaware knownheretofore. Itistheworstofinfidelitytosay perfectpeace;whilehewhosufferstheschemingsandhe could consider himself "their brother." Two.hours tbat they did it for our good. I supposed they wanted that this nation has been prospered because of the baiterings of the world to occupy his attention will as well as the frown of an indignant God.afterward he learned that they were in search for him, their 'fevered lips to kiss the North pole, and that they ideas or notions of any men, how wise soever; it ie on learn that everything which conflicts with the Divine After an enumeration of the complicated responsibili-have they contributed to your welfare? I saw the future, if we adhere to the. principles on which have another Alva, or another Tarquemada, beneath these he peace, in Heaven even, there must be righteousness. heavens. Henceforth the men who govern, must giveAfter being discharged from custody on the strengthof the above •'Pass," he was assurec! by the President statement in a Southern "paper that they had spent been grounded all of national well-being'we have The man who devotes his whole heart to God will enjoy account; for the eye of a jealous world is upon them,from The MempAt* Appeal. Son. 3ft.A5FKCT 0>* THK S^< K.S.H10.V MOYKHtST I> At.A- havingdetermined to hang him. ' came for their own convenience and pleasure; it seems account of its obedience to the will of God. With re- law. of righteousness is delusive and destructive. It ties of rulers involved in the vast ;ind divided intereetar\y.\.—The mor"i signidcant feature about the seoea- «on movement in Alabama, as db*tingoished from other Staten, ia the'res*Jute determination, and the un- ruffled quietude with which it is daily progrssAinj?. The conservative, who heretofore liav« warired upon sectionalism on the huntings and at the ballot-bosf: have l-et:n forced, iu the nature of things, to ground ansH, and winxcnarily to capitulate to their political op- ponents. The Unionist at all hazards, and the Disu-nioi'ist per set have eea*<ed their mutual bickerings and criminations: tire advocate ofseparate State action, andtheenpportersofthe"cooperationplan,"arerap-Mr. hi. T. Sherman of this city, and recently clerk of that they came for our benefit! I think, if they came fard to the threatened troubles that assail us, let us but is an immutable law of Heaven tbat the paltry drosscommitted to their,care, reference wasmade to the far-deeperaiion ceeniB tohave Hitpplanted it. In the fear- ful n.airib'estadom' Of their resoluteness w e can behold in its projectors little* if any. of that Hophomoric ram- j.an<-y wtach cbani«;teTi/«e* tne'South Carolimi school of poiiticiana, or of the vehement rashness of party lead- er* in Miseisflippi. JJke th»- little rivulet, creepiug>pnm «ome mountain cave, it haa continued to rush pre- cipiwtefy down its rox^ky and jagged course, until, gatheriag-asit wenv, it has reached the lowland mead- ows of tne popular heart, diminished in velocity, yet greatly" increa*<'d in'the.'appalling magnitude of itsgrowingrptoportion.' /Tbesestaets, however much the^nbject of regret, arexnbstan^iated bv the <xcnrrences of the past few weeks.We have,already:alluded to the letter of Gov. AndrewB. Aloere, advising necesnion hrst, and coonultationwith the other States afterward, as the best policy, inhis judgmenf; for Alabama to pursue. And yet he hasalwayn been regarded asexcessively'conservativeinhie political creed to have attained such eminence inan extn^fie Southern State. Senator Fitzpatrick, .whohas ever been looked upon as the most conciliatory cede?"- My answer is, " I don't believe they will;.•^>ntheri> I^preeentative in the Senate of the United S t a t e s , h a s . w i e i d e d t o t h e i r r e s i s t i b l e t e n d e n c y t o w a r d di^nnion^anti has written a letter to hi* constituency,and I don't care ii' they do." . [Loud imd prolonged ap- pbiuse.] Wlien I say thai? I don!t care if they do,T m e a n t h a t t h e r e i s n o t e ' i - r o r , i n s o f a r a s o u r o w n p r o s -That ia not all. Our thunder stoi-ms are in the air above our headsy their thunder stonns are under their f e e t , a n d t h e d a r k c l o u d , s u r c h a r g e d w i t h t h e ' d i v i n e vengeance, makes the ground heave at eyary step.or the sullen blasts of?'sectional jealousy and alarm. Alter alluding to the temptations surrounding the posi-vA.e firm to our principles, with kindness and moderation,the Pulaski House, ;Savannah, and one of the Minnie for luxury, they will come again; and if they did not, which the hard landlord wriugS/ from widows and extending influence of their acts. While Urn ruler ot!Men of that city, gives the following account of the I think we shall contrive to live a little longer. bat let us hold firmly the reins of rectitude within orphans,, the capital speculation of the man who, the nation is summoned to act decisively, he is to con-brutal treatment and subsequent death of a respoctablo But it issaid they won't sell us their cotton. What our grasp, and we shall soon find the chariot will roll through eome legal technicality, avoids the full pay- sult,, not present advantages alone, or immediate pop- grocer of Savannah, whose crime eonr-ists of being'a will they do with-it? They sell as much to Great obedient. Ours is a pivotal time. The struggle is be- ment of a just debt, the wealth accumulated through ular sentiment, but he confronts posterity. The spec- & native of this State: v ' , r: tween a dead past and a living future—between bar- whatever unjust means, shall not inure to the true tral image of coming times and generations yet to beBritain now as Hhe wants. Will they eat it ?'Will barism and civilization. W e must take .sides. Ifyou The Vigilance Committee, which is composed of they cease raising it ? Thev won't trade with us, some accept the principles of tho North you enlist on thewealthy and respectable membei-» of society, having say. Have they been trading with us for our benefit side of civilization; if you go with the South you eu- learned that Mr. John Byler, a grocer in West Broad or"for their own? If. interest was a necessity in days roll yourself on the side of barbarism; there is'not Ktreet,wasanative !of New-York,determined toget past,itwill'beinthefuture.: Interestneverrunsmad middlegroundenough tobuildtheten-thousandth"part ridofhim.Anaccusationoftamperingwithslaves. andcutscapers,asCarolinadoes.Itdoesnotgetthe ofacompromiseon;thebatteriesofbothsidesarepeace and happiness of him who thus accumulates,nor to_ his posterity, even to the third and fourthgenerations. The speaker pursued his argument, andapplied it from individuals to nations, producing arises to view, and,gazing inquiringly into hi»eye, bid* him look well to after ehects and possible consequen- cesj and therefore before he can answer the present • he is fkmnd to go forth into thefuture, and consult a aidlydiM;overing*omecommon.^groundofcompromise; andofallowingthemtositathistable,wastrumped bloodinitshead.Interestfollowscertaingreatlaws firing,andwoetohimwhogetsbetweenthem.strongpictureofthepresentcondition01theAmerican oraclewhosevoiceissilence. Added tothisistheen-confederacy.Hehadmanyverynearanddearfriends forcedsuddennesaofhisaction.Hehasno.meetex- onthesavannasofthesunnySouth;but,evenwere igencieswhich,intheirsolutionandsettlement,maytbeynotfriends,hewouldhotpraythatthedireful stam])_himeitherasthedelivererorthecurve oonseqncnceB of their madness should be visited upon of his country—exigencies which allow b»fc their heads. To them he could see nothing but im- little space for renection, which are anomalous, with-pendingruin,.shouldtheyfollowtheCounselsofthe outprecedent,butwhichmustbemetwithout delay. handful of politicians—among whom, he was sorry to Especially is this the case in a confederacy like ourthepopularmind.irresj)e<tiveofparty,isfaat upagainsthim,andhewasordered,toleavetheCity.oftrade.Ifthereeverwasapeoplethatwouldtry teeoming: foretrtaDcd wish the necessity of He did not obey. Consequently, on Saturday, the 17th to break it« commercial relations with another country, eventual sece**ei»>n • from the Confederacy* Three of November, the Committee called on him, took him it- was tbene colonies, after they broke away from •weeks*ago pnbhc sentiment was inflamed by atMOinelittledintancefromthecity,strippedhim,and GreatBritain. Shewasourenemy,whileFrancewas the neicvoos extifement incident to the tarmoil of a then applied a coating, of hot tar and cold cotton. our friend, and had rendered ns_essential aid. Yet the political campaiirnr but that having been allayed by Thev then ntarted him on a run, and he fearing that laws of commerce bent us to Bristol and Liverpool and 'nf ml exhau*:i"ii. a cold, cahnlatiug and prudential bi Cfe depended upon his legs, ran to so good purpose Lbndon, not fo Paris. And so, if tbey secede, theWearefightingthebattle,notofcommerce, not of trade, not of New-York,' not of Connecticut woi kshops, but of Human Civilisation,against Barbar- ism. AllindividualmenintheSoutharenotbarbar- ians by any means; there are many there who are good, conscientious, well-meaning, and well-doing Christian men; but-tbe distinctive idea ofthe North is civilization, while the distinctive institution of the South is barbarism; and by the Providence of God we are in the front rank of the fight. The measure of civilization is always the condition of tbe people, and of the relative situation of the working people of the North and South I need not tellyom In our immediate political dealings with the South, three courses arebe- fore iu—Firxt: To go bodilv over to Shivery views. Second; To compromise. Th'rd: To stand firoi. Thesay, were some intelligent men—whose denire it would own, where the whole land is converted into his coun- seemjto be to erect our Government upon the.basis of a cil chamber, and where, before his own judgment can. svstem of unmitigated wrong, instead of adliering to be formed, the judgment of millions has been wafted totbe wise counsels of the father; who declared this to his ear, perplexing and precipitating Executive actioo-be a land of Freedom. And he prayed God to save Your ruler, be it remembered,' is not intrenched behind - i. the Southern people from the disaster of disunion. He bastionp, or within castle wails. He cannot temporiu*. feared that the oppression and wrong which this na- at the head of mercenary legions. He dwells among tionhadalreadypermitted^within her borders would hisownpeople—isoneofthem. Hemustfeeltheim-be visited in torrible retribution upon unborn genera- pulse which they send, up to him. And since they, tions. Rome, drunk with the blood of the saints, is honor him neither for his pedigree nor his power, bu* coming at this time in judgment before the' Great for the dispatch of his administrative action, then what Arbiter of nations. What has England gained fromthat he had nearly reached, tired and exhausted, a laws of commerce will take no notice of their flurry. place of safetv, when a brutal policeman overhauled Tl ey will not trade in New-Orleans, or Savannah, orhim and struck him heavily npou the batik of the head Charleston, anv more than now,; they will trade in with his pistol, fracturing ;hi» skull and forcing him New-York, Philadelphia and Boston; for these laws of upon the ground. , commerce are things that do not let men meddle withThis was on the 17th of November, and on Saturday, them. They control men, and are not controlled by the 24th, be WM buried. by them; and will continue to do so.'' m .And as for them, my friondSj the South are in no state : HBNI2Y W AKB BEECHER ON SECESSION. to be'Stable. Do you suppose that these men who areOn Tuesday evening the Rev. Henry W ard Beecher delivered an address before the Fraternity Association of Boston. A t the conclusion of his original lecture he spoke as follows onfirst proposition the speaker scouted at as impossible; with regard to the ^econd; he observed that Satan, as we read of him, appears m two forms, a roaring lion and a sneaking serpent; but^under both forms he is the same devil. Compromise is" the serj>ent form of the devil, Slavery. If by compromise the South mean only forbearance, and kindness, and conciliation, we are for compromise. W e wish them well—we wish they should have allot their territory that has been ceded to'theniher opium trade, and her infidel government of India 1 And in this fair land which h a d ' been consecrated to Liberty, w e can expect to reap the same.harvest of calamities which history records as following in the train of oppression and wrong, if the government is subjugated to Shivery. But this cannot be. The right must conquer. • And in the late expression ot the will of Americans he saw every reason to hope that tho right would triumph. Have we nothing to be thankful for? demanaed the intrepid speaker. The two thousand oyes of the thou- sand persons, who heard this timely allusion at once sought the pew'.of a distinguished city official who worships at St.: George's. But the Mayor was n o t t h e r e . - H a v e w e n o t h i n g t o b e t h a n k f u l f o r ? A n d the eloquent pastor suT^eyed the year, detailing the blessings which, through Divine beneficence, our na-:t i o n Of t h e C h i e f M a g i s t r a t e , D r . M o r g a n c l o s e d a s f o l - lows: W e pray for "ourselves, when, instead of reyil- . ihgandtraducingOurrulerswehonorandsustain,\' them with earnest intercessions. W e prav for' th«)"r smiles of Heaven^ for the success of our callings, for thejoyofourhomos,fortheincreaseand advance- ment of our faith, when we bow ourselves dowu aad entreat the Father' of Spirit*, for the sake of His adora- bleSon,toindueourrulers,governors,andallprinci-pal mien, with the spirit of wisdom and ohderstandingL ; of knowledge, and of ghostly strength.. There never has been a period since we took our .place among tl*» nationsoftheearthwhenprayer,mightyandprevailr--lng, fleemed'so nearly the last resort and refuge $•saveunfromdismembermentandwreck—prayer'for our country, the purchase and heritage of our fathersc1 prayerforourrulers,whooccupytheirplace,andTUR niSnNIO!* QOKSTIO.t. •'•:;Here ends my lecture, but not my address. [Applause.] There is almost but one ^uention. It ia no longer the weather,orthehealthoithefamily,orprosperity,thatf"Tggestipgiasimilarcotirseofaction. JohnFor-.perityisconcerned. Ifyona«kedmewhether,for"Jfow—andlcannotdenyit—itistheconservativertioral>Umen question when meeting each other iu the car or on are not fit to control themselves in a state of ihdepen- the street; it is; " Do you think tho South will we . dent government. , /.. . , ' #..-wisdom of the.bargain. W e wish to perform to them every duty, and make every concession within the limits of truth and honor, but no more, though the heavens fall. The -secret motives of the leaders of the S e c e s s i o n i s t s a r e a S o u t h e r n E m p i r e a n d t h e r e o p e n i n g of the slave-trade; and no compromise whatever will contentthem.Wecouldmakenocompromiseshortoftkeir sakes, I do not cafe, I should modify my answer,4 and jtplitical power of the Northern States, that holdsso quarrehome, and fighting against this Union,-aregoing to be Iambs, when they are among themselves!As long as they have lambs and sheep to devour, theywill be wolves and lions against the flock; but w:henthere is no flock to devour, they will be liomj and wolvesamong themselves, and devour each other. They arenot of the right temper. Freedom of speech is a thingthat is lost there. Freedom of the press is not thought ofthere. -There are no such ideas of liberty and govern-mentintheSouthasaswe.haveintheNorth.. They bycompact,howevermuchwemaydoubttheoriginalhe does must be done quickly^doue wisely, and well.orhe is overwhelmed in a tempest of dissatisfaction. Itill you, beloved, suebjan individual deworves strong in tercession a t the Throne of Heavenly Grace. Oh, as yovt would pray for a friend upon the deep, tossed by ragingand contrary winds, beaten back 6y resistless waves, drawn upon dangerous coasts, touching and grating upon sunken rocks, torn hither by eddies, or,swept thither by tides and capricious breezes, so pray yo for him—the man' at the helm of State—for herides a troublesome and tonipestuotas sea, convulsed,'/, • and angry evermore with the wild tornado of passion*s\th, who,'. during' the Presidential struggle justpaeeed, was1 the last to lay aside his buckler and hislance,beneathwhich sectionatism hadsooftencriedfor quarter, profeeees now to *ee no otlter prospect fora natWactory adjustment of the dilficnlties arising fromthecomplicationsofSlaveryagitationthanin thetter-vte-r re*ort of Secession. The Baptiet Convention would swamp, and there are too many of thorn to be dangerous than the black squall. The oligJirehical few from my father's house. I. wouldn't say my cate- ing his pastorate, of sixteen years, wishing them peace which recently assembled in JJajion, appreciating the lost; and I really de.nojt think they are in aJit state of. of the South are abhorred at home by tne free white chism, and so went and sat out doors; but when night and happiness at their Thanksgiving dinners, their solemnity of the awful JLnnLet embraced the issue m mh»d to'die- fl^aughter.l But in so far as the Free people. It ha« been their policy to raise up issues as .came on, and I saw the people inside eating their sup-and sav, *For their, sakes, I trust a better mind may in check that terrific element. Let them stand by speaker went on in further words to demonstrate thatallexampled prosperity. Recommending to the kind con- siderationofhisfiocktheaged pastorsforwhoman annual Thanksgiving-day collection is made at St.be given them, and that they wiH'remain in.the ship;" giventhemselvesvandservileinsurrectionsandwararejust as certain,-it seems.to me, as explosions are, whore fire comes to gunpowder.attemptstocompromisewithtbeSouthwouldbeuna-vailing, and that the onlvway for the North to behaveis to stand firm. With reference to the secession of George's, and thanking hw hearers for the generous South Carolina, he said: "I seceded once myself feeling.which'theyhadexhibitedtoward himself dur-they are like Paul's men. of whom ho said,," Except for "se abide in the sliip they nhalLnot be saved.", these ._[Laughterandapplause.J. .II-they left theshiptheyAnd that isjuot.all. Theieisawhitesquallmoretheirdeiberatione,and,withthevoiceofwomenand- State*areconcerned,Iholdthatitwillbean perandenjoyingthemselves,Iwasgladenoughtore-Thanksgiving reunions, and their Thanksgiving even- ingfestivities,atnoonthepastorretired.•'••<-:.union, either lor policy' or from principle. .,1 never havegone,Icannotgowiththem; and thereforeOnly sepiirate thorn, and not five years will pass beforethe'freewhiteelementandtherulingelementwillbebe glad enough to come back and say her catechism, thougheveryarticleinitwasLiberty."Heconcluded with an eloquent assertion that the way of the North istopersevereinthewayofequityandright;tomake no compromises; but stand firmin the good cause ofCHRISTIAN PATRIOTISM.SERMONBVTHEREV.DR.PORTER OFWlJ.LI.VftW- bear uptheir name and power; prayer for ourselvesI hoWit to be the duty of every patriotic mau to quarrelling, and will, have their hands upon eachresistitbyaH,propermethods,ina spiritofJrindness other'sthroats..'.Iftheydepartnowliketheprodigal, and honor.' But iil against our honest endeavor and, they will by and by come back like him very raggedwhomayyet understand tbevalue ofour blessiiuw " BURGH. when they are departing forever. W o are aJU sin- The Thanksgiving sermon by tho Rev. Dr. Porter of ners: w e have all acted pervei-soly and gonnthe Reformed Dutch Church, corner of South.Second astray. It is not for me to separate any CIASHfull intent, this doi* take'..>Ia«e, iu the providonce of God, then, I say, let nsappoint a day of thanksgiving. [Loud applause.) iWo. have; never been advantaged, nor dd I see any near prosp"' t of our bemg advantaged by remaining in their compel;'. B' we areto jom( the old ascetics, if to. wear axuirt of hair-cloth lor the mortification of the Hesh be gW'?, if it he good for our SOHL to be kept in a j>erpetnal turmoil, .and fret, andand very humble and very willing to get in, as a servant, in their father's houoe. [Applause.]. I would not have this. I would, by all honest and true meas-eternal justice. ''be better,off without these uneasy neighbors than with them. I And 1 therefore say. it'is not for our wjkes that wo heeitate. I would not'have that bhjpresaion pcoto the South. I would not have Carolina think that there will beufearshedifshegoo*.'I would,nothaveany of the tli:lfHmen think that we are unwilling to part company with them. W e are willing to keep com- pany with them, so long, na.ia nooeaeary to maintain pact, honor, citizenship, and trne love for-the wl»ole «onntrv. But if, against this spir?;, they msist ongo- ixxfr apiLrt,let them understand .distinctly that w e counttrhelTloss a;jd our gain. [Applause.J , The,time has come when the pubho mind must take some position und make aonxt expression. I, forone, do not beEeve in union for the sake of it- l^saw upon rome of the meager banners carried about m the late conflict this poor-hooHo iuwrijption—"Lnion tor the sake of the Union." When this Union was founded, itpursue, than as a theme of discourse. "Thanksgiving sious, for our pride, our Vainglory,' our malice, and" uri- Uiglory^was an olah>»Ster box, nuide for precious ointment, andAfrica. They are gkalllons, of ^perfect symmetry, well matched, being all of a 'color,, dark brown, ami .the highestofthemisbarely31inches.'Untitled Document.. • . -ri-.;.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069existence were', IoY»kihg out-for more good—for some- thing better in the future. Sometnnes men asked this question from it present narrowness Of .vision—tsvon goodmen. A«wotdieyesmadeUHblindtomuchgoodana j>joct^, mid presided over them iu gen- begun, und few completed, by William- Uoyd diMiUMediho*ato&QNorthmuitheSouthtotheiia*So"much for patriotism. [Prolonged applause]—Four of the smallest horses in the world were recenlly'brought to'Windsor, for the purpose of beingshown to her Majesty and the Prince Consort. Theproprietor,'a-Mr.-Williams, had brought them from eney. Even those who took the lowest view of thiswww.fultonhistory.comour own apostacy that would satisfy them. The tion bus been permitted to enjoy in this period of un-THE REV. E. H. CIIAPIN'S SERMON.The Rev. E. H. CHAPI.N preached yesterday morningand Fourth streets,' Williamsburgh, yesterday, was onor individual, and say that he or theyhave been specially defective in moral religious strength. Atisnotformetosaythatwetin .peril thiough the treaehery of nngodlr men. On th« contrary, 1 do not beheve that Christian*: integrity and godly sincerity are dead in the land, or that the" bul- wurksoi r peace' and happiiiess%ire ultefly over- thnnyn. But 'that wo atx- a^ufnl"nation7^deu wiUt;ures, by a spirit of undaunted firmness'; bv speakingplain words to plain men—I would have all done tluitCan be done to prevent this folly.- If you stand shiver- from the text:ing in yowc shoes,- and; undertake to give up,, for thesake of the Union,, you will only prompt to new ag-grewjions in the timoto come. [Loud applause.] Thereis but one way, and that is to stand whore our father jstood, in their spirit, as Christian freemen, saving, Oucountry, our whole country, our country undivided, i- David, not'so mnch for himself as for the com- Day bad always been connected with patriotic usagea. it may be held together by the cohesion of justice undtruth,[humanity and liberty; but if the-whole maynobe bad in that spirit, then so much as can, hold to theoriginal and reVolutiouaiy principles; let them skindtogether, and theirs bo'the glory and theirs be thesafety.orThere be many that May, W h o willhft thou up the fijeht of tby countenance upon u», Tbba hunt pti cl«dijei*H jjj my heart, more than in the thiu> that their corn and thi^ir wiue incrt'oned.—1'riuujin, iv.,«j, Y. ' ,.••show UH any good?Lord1But if th« watchman w o the sword opine; and Mow not tho trumpet, and the 7>eople be not wurnod; if the' nword. OOUK< and take any portion ft om uniting tbein, 1M»1Htaken i\w»y in ' hi« tu- inuity; buthi*bloodwillIrequirefctthewtttchroiui'tfhand, which, the preacher said,, was 'selected more as a war-*r»li^*l,,cire were many before bhihm who needed not tobe reminex°d by him of this; for to-day recalled the bavmg failed in everything else, the preacher said, b *that made them CT wt lDbitterness of denouncing Church and State, Iff which he had no*- bitterness of denouncing Church and State, iff which he had. w»-all things were swept away, that .God lives and is to and, if need be, let it be maintained by blood, and tha givemsomethingbatter.- Tfrutwasenoughtobring maximofJackson—«TheUnion,itmustandshallb*rejoice that all the civilized world moves on toward country may not be judged by the present. It could tercession, or of thanksgiving, Jirxt of all to remember . :pear on the stage at the same time revoals more forciblythan words can tell His active will. While all theworld is thus moving on to Freedom our own countrytrial .was a step forward toward peace;- it would be with ns forward to something higher,: though it led us forward with a dark column of smoke, and if it wereand descends as liberally upon millions, as upon on* man; and without distinction of latitude, or region^, or language, or complexion, or condition, our Father mis not behind. In-the. great struggle for Right w e not for us peace, it would be for the great good of God over all, compassionate and bountiful,them. But in old Massachusetts, and at this day,.a forefathers. The Tree of Liberty thrives once again.pubKc man, not unversed in history, and certainly-not God has looked upon it, and once more Summer-ia inunversed in the knowledge of our ideas and institu- all ita branches. But there is a background to alltions, declares that.it is the part of treason for us to this, bright picture. All along the Caribbean Sea Church having been completed according to the ritual, xperial intercession, and therefore the Apostle pre-there hangs a dark and murkv cloud, threatening a storm. This storm soon must break—there is mischiefceeds to magnify the claims of a separate class, ana di- rects us to lift a distinct plea for civil riders—first for . the world, and then for its rulers.This bounden duty rested, first upon the very grave responsibilities which are laid upon them in their ex- alted office. The-period, said the speaker, of irrespoar , .tbe subject of Christian patriotism-The text was Ezekiel, 33, 6:•*fort of others, for the other psalms showed him to bo.hopeful and peaceful. But the people who accompaniedhim in Abraham's rebellion might often be led to cryout, who will show us any good; and though this prayer and Central America, tia well as the quarrelsome revo-wns written many hundred years ago, it was good for lutionary Governments beyond the Equator; not-ail tines and sens'ons, and especially for to-day. They, withstanding .in our midst a trouble had arisen wbich stand apart from each other, divided if not belligerent.threatened revolution,,if not civil war. The oraclesof And when I name one Church in this connectiou, mrwould see that his subject, wiw natuially divided into history concerning the origin jind growth of this civiltwo-parts: ' .', neart burmi with the deepest and most fraternal aaxie-discord were consulted, and its manifesttiti'ons wore g> wTOpfiW been-a golden bond of union, holding I. The Common Ground t>f Human Dczponilency.— traced atikohg the framers of the Constitution,- who, in Together m holy and beautiful concord all sections, andEverybody MUHseeking goodness, and there wns aii their efiorts to lay the foundation of a true• Govern-idea of greater goodness even in this city of desnond-me very be^t men of the land.- Aye, her anus havement,-'were compelled to make certain compromises, encircled the whole Conrederacv, binding tdl in dearnamely, to provide, on the one band, that the shivo love and fellowship. Even from the beginning «he*trade Should bo stopped after a certain date, and, on nas gathered her children together from every Statetlie other, that fugitive slaves should always be re-turned to their States und'masters. The many things' tleuosH, uud counseled them in wisdom, andThe preacher compared tbe universal • physical happi- ness and prosperity of the nation with the warring States of JSurope, of Mexico on our own continent,brethren, do I call upon you to meet the exigencies of unsBour with duo solemnity. I am no alarmist. Nor an* i without the Htrongei-tperstia^ioh that aTQ will be welU l camtot stretch my belief or imagination to that point, when, as a Republic,-or a Church, wo are tovVetrtK^ v*J-.-charitableness, let.no man doubf. And therefore, m r doubt.••t  