?-.is**,;:-toyieldway,theyreally rowing another,is«nounStoUtUe. The «oe.. buoyantI|tjtdii'j|gtk^rtt8.lltlian iit. SfUpMl Oaeid. Col. (hat even the most ultra of the atray Antl- time. But, then. If one Is a Judge, one mnst TUa c^e<irlnf consideration has beenfiilly •oiM *ecto'a^eeM'%«ifl(e)fsw-rau^_afiedMiir/dMte- guisbed foreignsr," wtkotKB Mate; however, wis GBACa QsxnwOOB delivered a lecture, Iwt of the Democratic Party at Charleston. If precious as our Court Booms make it by Bi;BToa tells so adn^Jiably in his matchless not givanto the publie. Haflia lOideB fetfA* Mw partyceded,Do wethe Aldermen and Commonthamaetiqiat cffliaidei^le length, defining his ingcontingency.by payingwith that deference to the wisdom thick weather, on Soaday eveniag at t o'aloek, atUmIHhblowed by ^Sl /J MoxBlsoa HiKBrs, of Maryland,k a apeech of some length, appealing to the con-•erratiTe men of the North to maintain the rights«f the Bontfi. Hon. GiOBOi Bsiooa gave a his- thisgracefulcan, and will of the people which has always char- Liverpool,S., saw a large •ciew-eteamarstaam-pameat £» Speaker of the House upon «t BepieaentatiTM, and defended his own action.r. TmuiwM ft'TnttsreoH made an impassioned "t'uMfna, In which he expressed his to^Sttefor Gen. Soon for President.miiiiina - gnat iy.Itandof them at least who had aided his electionPortlaod. Thesent a qieclal meaaaiiger to Si* *een* ot tk* Hmetat.torr «f thetf^assumptionproceedsside,Ageat o£the As*nrt«t»< PM**kMQ*a.<11iii*l«*lli!Sl1| iViiiiriiiiSOad, tad lk»Tn)caadiiigs were characterized byThe steamer's lights were seeD at 4 &c\o6k. ittm well established. The his approval, in order that the people might monilrg, and at davUght aha was {onad to benidad tna seafor boats to live in periodroughA >20, in order to ascertain if anybody has any is now visible at l*w water.Sbor^navapan^The room was about determination to boll the nomination of anylaigejacnw-fteamahipSundayworse,aad Imlac—Tia1himself for a moment with the beliefwill hesitate in their choice. Recent move- rather unfair for the to the services ought to know,—for such advsrtisiiig, and he has re-State Legislature,—OD* -tovotiat prMbit *yPreaidentlal Prospects.The Tribune haa rather startled its Republi- wmi9WkTMff9t. |naUi-itn*l—Bauhu's Sosmn- caB brethren by openly advocating the nomina-innnioB or taaraat, tion of Edwako Bats for the Presideacy. It AOABim^S^tttSIOM'—OAIUIrnMHt, Ve.IM—briook'! rui Oauxbt imn^IUU—Ifau' Bnadwar—MepBL or Kir*OLOV SiliOOir—Saoxaa OsBian'* Mnmtsxu. VALAOISAXDKK—Ta>IjDOMift00.1MnAann.Nltf^ OF THS DAT. .J'n»fraa»V8!aaIbMMMtlngassigned forth*«m at 'ViQf^taom'B UtUtday cams off last men, and aiming at a result which ahoiUd *n«llH tt'tlM Cooper Izutitnta, and was mads decide something, instead of evading the tt«occaJbsoTinangnratiiig,inthisCity, issueandCity acceptments In Tennessee, Louisiana and Virginia of these eminent men without remunerating show that they are already preparing for the them in the usual manner. But the fact is that';am' Of- of the Union, plmtibnalearing to bethe real contestedofmidablecandidatewhocan-bebroughtintothepoints hereafter.theatonce government byitself: MayorisquitecompetenttodecidewhetherALL ON BOARD LOST.V.Hautax, S., Toesdv, Fah, U.Oa ConatMlartiid the enfoicemeDt of the laws."nate DocQLAS, and thus evade the issue which the selection of Wisi, STXPHsaa, or any dis-;in the affirmative, and we believe itit disposes completely of the matter in contro- tive of the Republican Party. We are quite versy. If the objects of the Charter are bestprovision, therefore, for enlightening his mindthat But Wood, la twelve days fron N*w-York, when lytng !• latba.OBthe 8th,'1J^the lost TesaeL As it was re- to have the;ataawtklf^Hmifarian,he advertises the bill atNews, Herald, &c., to the amount of $15 or «Vdo nf>t stand theof a. chance of electing" The of lawCoaoea aad tha Board of Us Snpervisoi* awaiting•i'^f'V'' '~T~? /" IIHlTMiir J T^i. '>-£^M««.^-^S.K.. its visit to> ^ ,^.^»«'cltyjiB«ei&iiy«(pdo of theand it Is better set forth in tha communioatioo to wlddi we Ber. Dr. Cai^Ka'S Oitirdi,' aM tkeUles of heroism than those soworld. To defend and encourage such was the•Waim of the fair spesker....cent., and Pacific Mail to91}. Exchangeon— him anybody else, ^they must takehave common sense left wiU delude they anymatter AooHteBDgland loaeto lOS^^et cent, with the leadhig Sinkers. No change in rates for Money, the sup-^iscounts and on temporary—CoBsismr. Two bills are ifeply easy both for DXoan.and Common CouncUmen of this City, in thepending Mr.-has not beenmonths, by very many sagacious memberB ofwaymixedin it.The twoRepublican Party,—Conspiracy bill ; speechlished,thoughtjusticeupnot in order to a certain num- providethewhich aided his election. If there is no war- whether both are to be passed or not reoMias—but they hare beendocimient, can afford to take theyprovide Nobody pretends,ia thethat the beavertedandthatthecan- rass would asstuue so open and direct a shape as to make the contest purely one of principle,—thedientneceeaity mighthopingcampaigntheCincinnatiprecisely as it stood ia 1866.aor:governmentthe Charter is to secure forty-three gentlemen,each side nominatinf its representatirelook betimes in face the thedifferenceThe Tribune, howcTer,field against themgetpayingThe brig Cygnet, which hat arrived at thiibegins byJP'ttfc present moTement. He was fol- ready settled, that the Democrats will nomi-CouncQmen,Mr.Jamss.yf.GuAKDpresidedandaddressedtinctively Southern man would raise— makingtheentirepopulationoftheCity ^thosettaamAip g*il««. Capt. Joaas, which l*a I^vsrpool on tke 8lh fast. Imand to show that the Republicans cannot hope for success unlessto see the contest between— Council to advise him as tocanied by.lsnte majority. The Senate, afteran KxecutiVe "Session, adjourned to Thursday. tion of every duty and the consummation of of morality in general were represented ashe to reward services without free newspaperThis is aU the news that can be abtalnad to-:rigM. From the PaeMe.In the H9Baa» Mr. feftrH, of North Carolina, their degradation and ruin. We can scarcelyoffice when they were elected. They became candidates for it with the full knowledge of itsTHB OVIBLABD TELtOBAPB—CHBrsSB nrmSBA-took oceaaiaB te correct certain statementstion and at the City's expense ? The Republicansthat this delusion will behe was a; candidate for Speaker. His aim any result which evades the issue. If theservative on the great question of property.This charge, after the usual pitched battle, wasproved, and the prisoner duly found guilty. He advantages and disadvantages. Mereover, if cannot go to Charleston unless this little mat-IXOK—LATXS raOM THl SAJTDWICH ISLAns. Nsw-OaLaAss, iCondar, Feb. SO.a* to his partisan connections, made when expectdispelled bywaa mainqr to assert his association with issue of sectional power should be the Amei^an party. A maiority of the Com- made and met, and the North shouldnow find that it is not what their The Overland Hail, vii Bl Paso, vrith Saa Fnn-mittee on desks and chairs, having reported in ftvoT of rsatoring the old conveniences, and toolt, ariirad hare to-day. ThenewsbvthisarrivalUtwodayslatarthaathatelegrapblc advices fnira Firabwight Ferry, teaogktbj the Butterfield stage, add is of rather aa lattnit- Quite a sharp not to say bitter contro- iug, though not impartaat character.ragingaSbrd the necessary time for theof ad-foundation there had been forwould have beenwith abouttwentyto March 4, the formeradopted by the Honse, and the latter rejected. Mr. HoAaB, of New-York, moved for a special Committee to inquire inte the existence and ex- tent of Executive interference with the legislationjourningwords of parentally solemn condolence andwarning, removed from the Court-room and—seems to be between the Tribune The telegraph line was completed as far a* Fraa-Ibe House also adjourned tohis, the Recorder's, and that this sort of trouble one minute longer, but resign. We[BY THX BCITBBriBLD BODTB.]Si. Lodis, Tuesday, Feb. SI.The Overland Hail coach, with San Franciaeowwa^ttaffCountry,the victory.well-kept0»wfrom theThe themselvestheria,This sketch haa been prepared for uswith theon such a A company had t>een organized to coostruot a ditoh.federates, and hatred and Intended victims—and thusof obliged"freezer,"su{^rtrenderedby journalswhich look one^^ TbeaiatketU very quiet, oauattj;feel that their actualmovement in 1866, and thus aiding Mr. Bc-CHANAjj's election. This imputation is some-what by the Commercial, that tartly repelledThursday. IfaULMoi, it appears, is really making a last -daapatate urow lot the preservation of his power.gain by disturbingcan get as much legislation as we want and every whit as good as theirs, for nothing.andtmintelligible and formidable name of Diph-Atthehea^ofalargearmy,heis advancingupon whoJanuary, passed Malay's Staliaaasw* by Ws wilrdT«t Oras, lawriBg the caiikd behind h'T. unpro- taetad, and threatened 1^ the approach of twoly because itbidder,morning.bodSea ofUberal one of them headed troops,ofIfar,ht^m^itwiedtoPueblatodisputethead-i^Ufiji and strong parties of thepaper, being a long and lively chronicle of the relations which had ex-Diphtherias aad Panics.We publish, to-day, a careful and accurateha* been la the main anticipated by aa anlvti atNew-Orleans, vis El Paso, of aaanwlfktha cam*yrandsco. Thy movement agauist the Chineseproved most serviceable to himhopedgtaa*t?^r^ ^/VV^ tbe immigration of the Celestials,thus recognized by him was which had ostensibly advocated— another can-mlsas aoBttatiad uaabaled.^^h.at^FBaTMa^.i*^*^°°"°^D*** Ftanclsco waa extremely languid .— ;true that the "brother-in-law of the practice of salting the snow in our thorough-The *ale* of ctalmsth* two day* prevtoua to tk* departor* at th* aail.Dates from the Sandwich Islands to Jan.secured Wood's electionE2bL^foHC„"lu°'Fiocn Jailjii* we learn that a new effortsees,is maUnf intiwrlaland to promote cotton cultiva-rejoined "volleyorgan,of theon whose support, next to that of the Tribune,bad iatradaoed a i**»laU*a aaklBg Caa-MM been set on foot ICaaeheatet; l^madtion, itofIn Canada again known as "common salt" In water, or heaeemed to be Mit fit its success, as the plantersthefrom venerablemost reliance, jcc., &c. If,afterthisexperience,theCemmercto/ex- th*Sd.or 8,000 ht^., vrfalle that of Oniana, it wasfa eoBseqn^Dce of heavy rains, would fall short of tte nsual mtantlty. Gov. HiNCKa returned to Bar-the bombardmentcontempt for all this "iced-cream"by puttingtaken. The Tribune knows perfectly that the Sta.t^ioa dcalexplanation. Theprocessofstrewingourchange, propositionits fears. Noth- ing would tend more powerfully to a permanent settlement of the Slavery agitation than thedispatchedAn Vneqaal Contest.i«ll i illnwUt the darinaas catting off the retraat of the re-•etkaary 4M* Sot for the vnwtched Incapacity will Mr. Siwakd, Ohio willand richness of the mines east of theWood understands the mat- 20 miles long, from Carson River to the Placer galdafli*fiLa»a hasteningNorth,Republicans,it tospeakmountaias.ofDnmxaOk>wkoisoppotedtoMnuvov,there e«^ld be IttCb doubt as to the event of the contest.urgemines,soothandeastofth*Accounts from Carson Valley aay that th* eaali-was—of the House; and how faremployed to influence votes. The resolution was ernment upon anything like an Abolition or anSMjtively Anti-Slavery basis, he would be com-of some political and professional inter-patronagelaid over. In Committee of the Whole, Mr.est. It seems that Mr.Lamax, ofof Boothem iaalitatiOBS, chiefly in response to theraeent ipeaak ef Mr. FaaBT of Connecticut, vin- moderate and conservative sentiment of bothspoke at length in defence<MraHm ttei Bapobljcans. Mr. HnxT WiirraB sections. With such an Administration, theHisaissippi,pelled to fall back for support upon the trulyNorth would lose all motive, and the South all and the world that a great number ofDatu theataok ^ne ffoor, in answer to th* action -of Hie Marijl^d I«gislatare, touching his vote for;stories set in circulation by said Ellisaboutfair plaintiff in the present case had come toIf they are so simple as to believe the contrary, we beg they will at once undeceive themselves.in office on ourentreat of them not to give themselves theunder his contract The Tribune charges that returned to Honolulu and was received vttha salata.ElecUoDS had been held throughout the KlagdoB,lb.but extremely Utterable, patriotic,A new Custom-house had Honolulu.His speech wasdiead, of agitation upon this subject. The slaveof one who bad to nothingpolled.Pyflttawt.a tonic and'aalntary efect upon Ihe party assailed.Ifarethey stayingaccountbeen comraeaoed atanawill dontrtless States would produce veryBywayofSt.LouisandNew-Orleans,wereceiveSan Francisco intelligence to Jan. 30. The tele-graphupontheButterfieldroutehadbeenextcnd-^to Fresno, a point 180 miles distant from San Cahibok. These are all representative menelection,in his canvass.directly prove victorious, the South would soon see how littlewas accordingly "put to the bar" for sen- they—fancy ter with sundry others he has already sub- ciaco dates of the 30thelection of Mr. Seward to thehad been as he could not possibly administer the Gov-to thefloor of the State Prison. Recorder Babnabo,160 milea from Sanand the Buffalo Commercial Advertiser, on a no, Franelaeo. oa tha BottertaMsoonand substantial rights were safer in the handshimself (the Recorder) and the ears,them, and who had the power to"Dr. Ellis, aad forthwith whips -out of hisbad.dom the dictates of abstract wis- governed byimpossible, for somecan require no more complete disclaimer of his sentiments concerning Slavery In the Tenito- ries than is emlM>dled in his speech on thequestionIs in nobraacbes of the Common Council were estab-the Trtitine, News, Herald and other terests a,re enlisted in ttie siqipeit of oaak journalsthat a contingency mightrant for it in law, the law must be sadly at fault and ought to be forthwith amended. Our readers may not understand the precise natureto be seen.KE¥S BY f KLKGRAFH.TERBIBLS DISASTER AT 8KLthearise which should render this nomination expe-secure the of other The support parties.they Courier andThat the Boards which have beenttiefdUowfag:BAUnrsTOB, N. 8., Hoadsr, Fsb.a^-8 P.M.Enquirer andwasfrequentlyand greatshowofindignation,andannouncesitsin the journals named, all papers submittedibrman who did not act,eren- with the Republican Party in 1856. The onlysigning them,The economy of such a device was marvel- ceeded at oooe to tte tteaoier, bat hat not yatrs-waa oniac ioet nM)(^ledge ctf rock to the east of Cape thing which gires this pronunciamiento anySaaie. neJMaaTwaa obaarred from the shore, is the fact that the Courier and bat aa the aavaiiw ninning very high at thetioae importance,— min istration,nals of Oriental life, preserved in that most be and has been "and thete'comnnniicatewiththoseon EnquireristhespecialorganoftheStateAd-andthereasonis obvious.The the following is,ftvaaimpMMMeboatd; amrnStajirltODday, as the ressel broke up«ad sattled'W^^e tlje eyes of the apectator*,coniec- toiawasaiVmsstoidentifythetinfortunate ship.Taataiiay, Itaweret, it was ascertained that after Gov. Mobqam's administration.;the Board passes the bill, and sendsonly news yet obtained &om the seesaof tbe-wreek:having the Bankadopted;throughwhich left Liverpool On many accounts it wotpld seem desirableduties of anweD, Is pretty sure to be an bonester, more re- spectableandbetter-behavedmanthananAl- dermanbyprofession. Inotherwords.Inthebut his Hon-mightBut unfortunately political parties are sel-fancytheyandwith- out any reference whatever to political consid-Theinvit- It assumes, as al-thanthem? If this can be answered upon general subject. Mayorresents this with policyBather a " Soft Recorder."The administration of justice In this City is almost as entertaining, though by no means so prompt and satisfactory, as in the judicial an-do with it.elected under the present Charter contrast very favorably with their predecessors under the oldoriginated the scheme of advertising at length,andheartily zealously,objections they were so disposed.been Department,as such, within a weekthe Cityit to the Mayor for his signature ;or is much too careful of the City's money tohowever suitors Mi^;Snpossible moan and lament over the courseat thecondition of warda politics, personare supposed to be lost.dispatch far flie Assodatad Press eaa be{baad,b)ittarts without red pepper of the disaa- mainly upon the sectional claims to power in mayand,lengthtpviiDgier, and aa^awtrars hare com* to land, it is FederalteaaoDably aaanmed that all on board perished.Tbm Btmjgwriam, the property of the Montreal South has long controlled the action of theexistingsaaall poitioa ofherkaH NotUng Uke theMr. SswAXsate a bill ptOTMing for the admission of Eaoaas.enjoyed. Awiety(fneaaoieawerebroughtforwardby tion,thisclaimwouldscarcelyberesistedsingularex-The ha* been sent from following.yesterdayintroduced into the Sen-greaterCapeIt waa B>ai|B.t^ spedsl order for the Ist of March.Bench,"Dogberry'sand Sir Peter Laurie's in-mittee, moved a resolution directing the Sergeant-at-Aims to amst and briogto the bar of the Sen-ate Kr. Tatamtn Htar, to answer for refusingto appear «H iiMpond to the qoeries of the Com-mittee. ARiersemeresistance,theresolutionwascontests of theof the North has come to beone TeomA8 T. s medical Ellis,gotinto the beads of theCouncils,who has no ostensible means of support, andWe one day count-them moreover, are dividedaset of mercantile books.To the reading of this important document themoat oa-— Presidency, for"" vannedcontrol thosething could not be allowed.Why not 1" sayspaper declaringthat it secured the work mere-datesto the SOtb of;by withholding salaries,9ift Igtm-^tjv^ g^W»tt l)P»bm^<^»i»^^-"^^f.clij«('f'l.'jjgfc/WlWii |>1#»jawan*for' aochnominationInadvaaoe. TheJVibuM, allaortaofpeo|d«dlsensslngaOsoitaflfother fleoi^ifttOmiit,withItshardOieekn|wa on the other hand, by Ma^wu exampto, ahowa people's boalnesa before yon for montha at • urf faJa Git«l oUnch upon the throat0«r saulen doMkli reeoDaeUhav/KtttasDXr, fkb. w. hw. tltr Mat oflfatkmal Gorerament. There were Slavery wingtte*. A spidal tnia of foniteeii cars was placed shall become necessary. a swindler in the dock should unrefuted, than we beg, in eonehision, to remind them ot that time that the to a "|R«pabUcaa party will expect just this expeilence ;eW* c^nnpania*, wkfag a total of 642 officer* and cooperate in such a movement whenever it even that the vehement acctuatlons preferred by nowcafl tlie attention of our rerders. And which ensued tbefffif^ .Tt was tHaiMattUmi^.,atOkdIapOilaL oftheBegiment for tnu occasion. A Wqaconcobrae witnessed its departure.All this depends, of coarse, upon the acUon that the breath of ourgomagistrates, doublydear old Eastern story, which Eliot Wab-servant Moagadeveohig, in Kev. Dr. CaiPiM's church, upon tnethey should nominate a Southern man a making it doubly precarious, should be uponEothen. It is there set forth, menandwomen,fromwhich*"J^wjin theissuethusmade,nominateMr.Siwaxdor theworstin(heend. TheRecorderoughtto credtraveler(moregiventolecturesthanto cumsUncesofthecase. EtiM8CWisreni:e that lifeprivate =w<e'l"l'»k,n"o"w8n"to»fth«eHeroicinCommonLife." Thelecturewas com-apentof travels,of illustration. '^e heroism of P9aed mostly "/.Southernp^out of Cairo, and reproached that demon with his murder-tij^okm^^f.'., J.*mmmm-^'^dom. They um primarily at success. The isted for some time between himself and theerations. evasion.We submitdates.The sUver mines discovered at Honat St. BSiaa'S,great objecttheyneighbor disadvantage.InThe read between FlacarvUle and Caraaawhich'— what willbut giveto ourBuffalothatit It lacksNapa Connty. had proved to be of UUla valw. TaDty—signatures. Busl- his own locality. The friends of neither will sonal and profeasional excellence, includ-an old foewaaldbycapitalists inotherwise known as muriateotherwiseof March ISM. Tbe 4a**Bl birth wa* eetabrsted as osval oadayfeared,profouadest; but,tlfc^BOple by announcing that the most to the Union sentimentdis- snow-coveiedstreets with salt accordingly,yield to any other on personal ground*and ing one from no less a personage thandevastationtoexpect.It isquiteBtad* tn Saa FraaelaB* dorlagamongwhich would qualifyTribune's peremptory emphasisin bookplatform, the Republicans can meet debate with individuals who are sure to have that on a certain occasioa, a Howsdji or sv from ttie gentleman himielC —wlfcn Aaany other candidate, and entertest with certainty of success.lieve, however, that the Democrats intend to and her cheques, the prisoner at the bar must ous work. "Nay," said the fiend, "I have comes, it does not inform us. ffia tettar'tr'ghostComptroller authorizlBgteds that there It aoproviiioa— The Republicans will be wise, therefore, tooftheMayor'sscheme;we will, therefore,platformintoliiemverbis,and we are inclined to re- gard the Tribune's course as indicating their general conviction that it will not be safe to run against him either Sbwabd, Chasi, Bases, or any other distinctly Anti-Slavery representa-question a betterpresents nothe to oughtsignthem ornot,and makes noprepared, therefore,Donoias and STKPBSifs on the one Batis and Banks on the other.carried outveracious collection of histories, the Arabian NighU' Tales." The stolid flow of litigation,drifting sluggishly on from precedent to prece- dent, is constantly refreshed and diversified by little eddies and jets of individual original-hasformer occasionsIn a City like this, a man who can do theworthy of the Cadi who sen- tenced Bedreddin to death for making cream-large steamdilp aahor* ba tse Weat aid* o(oftenity, quitewliich tumasettled on its merit*. The of true law in New-York, the public may fairlypending controversy,;great General Government in all its departments, expenses in maintaining our judicial systemwealth and the elements our Daniels voted to the judgment seat Welooks to being elected a municipal legislator for edshare of influence than it has hithertoSable tsIftmdiy aom-If it were not for theSlavery ques- —failed to receive his signature in consequence Meiers. CmrABS tc Co.:of objections thus elicited. " A steamer's were seen on lightsXr. SaUH, ai Qalifaniia, ene of them a resolution indeed, there would be no motive for re- clusive. This striking spectacle was yester-amatteroffact thatpenuiletsthe^lunphas the downfall of Slavery, and fo be resisted by the Southern'States as involving the viola-withpoliticalday, that theistrate, tioner andpracti- man,"Impoaalbi*.the ship before dsydght vrhUA i* aot likely. AUew water part of the ship Is still vUfUe."regardedgeneralarraigned upon a charge of making too freetake to itself such small comfort for Itsobjection to his signing it.with the dialhond rings of a lady whose notionsspendthepublic moneyad libitum f How istence, and in the ordinary course of thingspictured it, they have the remedy in their ownhands. They can resign at any moment, ifthey find the work too hard, or the honors (oosmall, or the demand on their time too great-There is no compulsion in the matter. They versyawayhowever, had a small account of his own toquietlywitmowinghave not the least shadow ef a claim on toeCity for compensation, unless they can show pointsettle with Dr. Thomas T.ceeding to balance bis reckoning with societythat they are the only persons who can fill the positionswhichtheynowoccupy. ButtheyWe.sdkll, Printers to Congress under thisand this account he instantly pro- ceeded to arrange. He informed Dr. Ellisat largea of pocket great rollEllis,beforepro-con- We do not be-have considered that, no- matter who won in the important controversy about Miss Robebtstheprayers)met Plaguecomingtbe " Reporteras theupontheLanddiwt,«»."—but from what re^on of tbt waM^m^ VThe sales of Cotton were limited, yet prices do anything of the kind. Everything indicates sooner or later be sentenced, and sentenced by slain but a few It Is true that twenty thous- temperate and sensible. The wereunchanged. Flourwasinmoderaterequest ;at uniform rates. Wheat was inactive. A Uvoly the nomination of Docolas upon the Cincinnati himself ; and this consideration ought to have and of the faithful have died, bat only one- ofthe case are precis*^ as they have bee* aH"inquiry prevailed for Com. Bye, Bariev, Oats and platform, " pure and simple." He will go into led him to spare himself a great deal of pains tenth of them fell by my hand,—^the rest were ready stated. TheLanddroet saya thai Provisions were inquired for at were likewise Ad- Convention with the open support of the great and very many words, even at the cost of de- slain by my fellow-demon, Fear!" Asoond "dare not condemn Dr. C. hi fhe mttteriwamantin* Candles, Dry Codfish, Baiaint, Brandies, of the Northernse- priving (heand a reasonable he does not know hisof the mostto Ik* " ir»w-T«»» «»•• and Tobacco. Rio Coffee, Sugar* and Molasses, cret favor of all the rest. The moment he of magisterial history which we have met investment in double-soled boots, will be found this time he has probably seen the action «f'aattracted more attention.' THiiakywas also more shall receive a dozen Sonthem votes he will with since perusing the interesting narrative as solid a guarantee zgaiaalScotch Pig Iron, Hay, Clover Seed, Rice, Tallow majoritydelegates and thepublicedifying chapter conscience,good'digestionoplnioa of It" BeihMfreely dealt in. OoSfee, Lead, Saral Store*, HidesDiphtheria0. reqMmttbiUty, aad ex- laurttiJ tor ragnrt at the occanenoe. It e*t-deatly made aoaelrafnmlafi^btomi, taettever,aa tte mei flURne Reporter pxpn iWo^fade*more money attouU he eslMted lif CKvtt Britain for the aajqwrt Of 00 Otttpeb oii"w«te laaa active. The Cora Bachange wlU be aad every day ahowa clearly that the goutbem the purpose of having a fair and open chat the Cholera itseU.the " Yellowof Jndgo Boosbvblt's visit to the Toombs for eloaed to-day, It being the Aimiversary of Wash- feeling in regard to him is rapidly becoming with one condemned prisoner Sahchiz aboutwashed liis haatfsof alland Leather, Oils and Teas werebe the tmanimous nominee of the Convention;against "thePlague," "Fever,"orquiet. Freightswtftoa'BHie Bto^ Market waa leaa buoyant yeaterdaythaa thB day before, tho«igh,*coiMUerable baainsts more to be a necessity. They know that theyA Seiioos Flaw.Our City department yesterday contained theBlithday. mote ttdeisnt, because he is felt more and another condemned prisoner Stcfhbns.wa^dene. Hew-Twk Central fell off to Xli&nSatorles tn the Common ConiicU.following paragraph :or aRe-thepublican for President. No one who supposes for providing compenaation for the Aldermen eDormons expes**, all pipers from the CommoathuspoM her oMn loote last year. She had already and it is natural that the North, with its rapid its it can find in the quiiks and quiddities of less adventurer, and having no affairs of his gregate to $56 and some c^its while the cost of irhich has been saved in a daaugad stata. Oa*wasnada a n«^MPatat!on as a swift and successfulhillsadvertised, amounting —ag- It la thought it may ke In Oie maO, a ssullBtaamaUp Obajiany,andandown,is the last person in the world to besaUer.;' SaMoTtlie moat rapid recorded aotMa the Itlajntir, had been achieved by her.growthpopulation,threetimesthatamotmt Andgle instance, we venture to say, has any billpaaseagerfound,only completedputboardlodging. Is pretty sure to be a worth-partiaawith the aaa* afpassagescannot, therefore, suffer our readers to losenever,inasin-inof political power, should assert its claim to aticket haa be^ EiLBB Shbsbah upon tt.the benefit of one of the mosthibitions ever made " on this or any othercharged other people.we know asmanagementdiiectlugttofvoparCoaamitteetoinquireintothe it onthe oftheSouth. But daywitnessedintheCourtofGeneralSes- peopleinNew-York,whotaketowardpolitics ioandspoilsall thissnuglittle jobberyby wereseeastanding,andatISA.M.allhadgoa*bythe Hew-Almaden sisting partaxpediotey*:^ aatting apart the course of events and the action of the sions, and before Mr. Recorder Babhabd. QiucfcailToMiae to fsjf the cost of a Pacific Bail-Toad. Xr. ffi40B,mim the Harper's Ferry Com- South itself have so interwoven this question In this Court, and before this excellent mag- How"confidencelargeby the invliidbla AltaJUZ. That he stakes allnpoB this !atteiBpt ia inferred from the circum-ataoce of hia wiiia attending him, at if flight fromthecoantrria^ebethealternative of failure. In ofpower. Thequestiontheyaskis,the eanttae, DiooiUiDO, the Liberal Secretary Iflll receive the permanent interest of the profit and loss, and all the ordinary features of within the last few years, under the perfectly that familiar acquaintance with the manner of was anobatnieted by enow, and operations bad ba*aof the disease not what with balances of debit and credit, accounts of which has made its appearance among usseekisthe— aforesaidplaintiff—asortoflove-ledger,infact> possessionsketch of (heoriginhistoryas to their candidate. New-York Recorder lent a Dorian ear of interest' by an accomplished surgeon of this City, con- simple0«t. only interpolating an explanation of a circum- nected with one of our largest public hospitals,and we trust may produce some salutary ef-inMassa- ofhisownnameandwhenithadendedinform- fectupontheexcitedandterrifiedpublicmind.point Mayor ter much better.urgeChabx. There wUl be a strong pressure frooa stanoe mentioned therein which involved the useinIllinoisforchusetts for Banks and In Pennsylvania forMayoring money from the public treasury,RepublicansLincolk,;( Ellis) waa a very but for that very reason each one will b* bad man." The Doctor instantly replied byIt will be seen that this novel adversary, whofor the purpose of rewarding the journals which hadvlclnltr of Warm Spring It was estlmaled that ttata wereS,000carcasesInsightatooetioia. Tk*aaowed Dr. Ellib that, for all his ledger, it was cur- "supposedtobegoingaboutseek-commonlyw»a generaL A petition addressed to the Legisla- most tenaciously adhered to by the party of producing a handful of testimonials to his per- with a new face, from whom we have nothing The very first newspaper whose services were The excitement eoaeeial;rently reported that heising whom he may devour, is simplyreally strange and exceptional in the way ofwas going off, and it was soon be aceeaaible.if it becomes necessary to yield at all, they a Royal"*" "l^^^^v"' '",««'''«" of the In.ular LeSsla ing public necessity. The excitement growing enough for a moment, but the Recorder'a am- orate the average health as well as the ave- The new Mayor designated the Tribune the S8«h, Bude a leagtty report la Itiiii iif itisiiltta-Irishbutby amounted I*opponents. The Jadletaiy CoouriHes of Vus LsglilatBM^ oninSurgeon,where he was tecerved with great demonstrations will do it imder the guise of some overrul- the present Earl of Dxbbt." This waa welldidate,reallythe forces of histhe News, and the Herald, the organthe to fapnusofiheretnmof King thecaiiula little te deteri-comfort of our population. But. this,#110,000.^J^m^^^'^"^ TM«11 vote WM ' "-C-'o-l^ousetfa« sureties on the IwBds of O* PaetAoPi^?*-Brown affair has afforded theneeded excuse. The Republicans failed to of his bold antagonist, and his Honor instantly as7,outof the Johnis to be attributed of missiles, lettere from simply to the fact that by dissolving marinemeat(hat crisis with sagacity. Insteadofwith arespectable Philadelphians," denouncingMr. Laiua gress to grantinstantly and Indignantly repudiating all sym-; but very little confidence pathy with the invasion, denouncing aad de- Doctor as a sweet and sophistical swindlerliquor-dealers,preeaptionHarch,i84e,tott*Sd r.mandingpunishment of the Invaders, and lettersclergymenplacedlackedtherequisiteenergy. Adearthquake,andafewday#~ofcoldweather—whenthethermom- takingtheleadinproclaimingtheirdevotion West,bringingagainsthimwhatTonyWeller ice,of the country. alone would induce the with- The result is the creation of Unionsoul and cleared his own con- subjects every man, woman, or child, charged his own be immersed in the solution thus pro-— Govemmeat make someNot«.oughtr.n««!tloasha«««lB^a^t*tlB.f^fflfcl two days to alTord q»oU^ tlWtals^.^^.-i^ i?^,anyyouraAbs,at•condition. H* .finm the Instita-presentbasis^ii^.^'*'^--'--T.www.fultonhistory.com.'-Z^^^^lr^^^-"H^'-^lf^f^ff-*-^^^-^^^^^^tatpriaciidepleasant tfaiagfintweneedaotexpect,eltharfoi;oiqsdves thorouiEh&iea. Batthematterought ~whom, it urged, aH opponents of the Administra-relief to theof otir excellent Recorder this perilous stuff" off his mind.Geaarda..I.A>A.aadI]^^w*r* »»"*'»« a h52tion can unite without sacrifloe ofIt is not such a owv Muoaoier andto be a Judge,paitment,va^'if^|rCa^ '" tts.^ttaaytll|l§fito^a^areac* l^fOMl-,...contempt for their drifted uncon-course, beingtheuid themimition were as weD loaded as those rage wagonsas the first of the journals —Fi|f**«Of- puiy tha matter of tha •Ut,ai6 toftir—faftroops from the Island. partiesof th; foard of Governors last everyvshere—a revival of the sentiment science, pot away his correspondence, silenced feet may "Stbixt Caossuroacannotprovisioa, tor deaiiag few buyers.l hwae*.,was received from the which passed th* Compromise msasurea the Doctor, andlie, complaining of th* of 1850, aad prevented the election of Fbihoht feated foe to be sent to the State Prison, where at the crossings,") to the._, , ^^-'.Fraai 1WsJee>iBxrxnmoa Asaaav vaaa cbo»—•frt»n Bellevue**^— Hospi-of a certain streets? With the of caloric essential to the due fulfill-from hit, her, whfla on their of a movement for setting aside all the Be- he should take up hit residence, at least for the measureor itsbody,presentin 1866.Thissentiment willmost meetand that propertionment of the vital functions. In other words, Broadway, or to reach the ridewalk from anMiBAMOB'sTBB libbbals xorani nroiii nts orrrAt.it appears Indeed B4ieanmbeT0fin. pnbUota candidates abeady named, and for present.thettevMtMr lepottedth* uniting upon aome one less obnoxious to the»M-adapleC appoint- conservatism of the country,'wltk te Iftf^t-and ^riU beuponfeelingsd»- few of the principalorieeUng. The Couritr and EnfmrwthMatMa aad to have to hold yoor tongve about youroftittt the friends of Mr. Bswasd wffl boltowndhear aorourchUdiea,theadx^'Jir^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069b«h&^liiBSr^i^iefrkaads.wasof the last word to his Judge.whileoften more valuable and efficient than that of ed, and epeculalor. andthegamblers and rowdies,titl** to actnal setttsr*.:soda,orsnow,youexpandtheUquid,augmenttromtheldofAdvice* fnm tk* SutdwliA blaads are ta Jaa.tertecoidaA--M°-^-wereamongtheprominent totheUnionandtheConsUtotlon,theyper- wouldhaveregardedasthegrosslyimprobable itscapacityforheat"dconsequentlydepress pectstoargueourneighboroutofhisnotions Mr.WmiAKS,erneofth*pioneerMissionarieswh* enrenU of Iha iaiulght preeeding the date of our mitted themselves to treat the whole matter of "outwitting widders." The Doc- Its temperature. Any industrious housekeeper, as to the recognition of services rendered by len Boston In 181*, and wbo h»s since remala«4oaB-comnondent'e letter. The sugar crop in Jamaica bad* fair t6eze«ied that of the last vear by 6,000charge movements, tor waawbo has accelerated the process of freoaingataatlT on tlM Islsods, saUad from Honolola tar Waw-with levity, to ridicule all Unionto express sympathy with Brows and his con-oo Christmas day. In hi* Message on the«ecaalon ofeopeoing the Legislature he quieted the sciously into a position of hostilityto sentence his de- duced, (and now vulgarly known as Broadwayimmediate subtrac-crushed, but not convinced. Hethird party advocates, it will find itself mis- the Bedford oatte Slat of December, byprofessedepistolarya convicted prisoner,SAV FBAJrCISCO KABKBT-privilegeSo, the honorable Recorder having whoseproceededtheaway croasiags,Now, we have no doubt that It was a greatso long^asOmnibus Companiesand owners, we may ex- on the voloatai; effi^rta.of tbe ragged boysTamplcodataHBlh*j«hia«t,., . ,,~tdikto get aU"to have chills, rheumatism, and^ colds in and girls, ^lo aqp^fte place of a streetfisBXalaMMlaaidtlWa. a. was ana ""Untitled DocumenThere is another project on foot at Albanyto at'aa Mayor advertise,squareuntil this<ai^reval or njeetkm. There are ao fands appropri-that they shape ofa yearly salary. Itteems, atfSrstsight, ated, as far as be has bean able to ascertain,—aad h* proxy in the election of olBeert of eertdafused to bills Isemred therefor," Railroad Companies, aad tha other to pertmt payThis is unfortunate. It nips in the bud voting by proxy la electing oflteers of eerMn catastrophe which they see is Inevitable. They the is entirely one of expediency, and Mayor Wood's ingenious device for rewarding religious and benevolent Socletiea. Stroag Ibpand with thatas aof citizens withbut toberCity withhas ever pretended, that one of the objects ofelectors,fact that they ment of comfortable Incomes. Its sole ob-TkeSteuuhip lugiriui TettltrulyN.Ing west-northwest. Hence Q» steaaker aahotv at Cape Ledge t> probably Ow IT—fares has already done notdividingsalaries,itAU ordinances of the Conunon Council, andcertain resolutions of the Board of Supervis- will have Douolas for their opponent nexAFall. ject is to provide a legislative body for the ors, require the Mayor's approval to theirThey very justly regard him as the most for- government of the municipality. This con- validity. The charter presumes that theto bedesignated bytheenjoy-Wmk.the salaries ought to be withheld; if not, not The per- sonal needs of the legislators have nothing towe think is governmentoftheCityisstillbad,butithalf a mile from the Island. The thatboatscouldnottaachh«r. A.veasrila|to go to her anlrtince. TkeAmerteaa Coosoi'one,tolerablytheirto hisifmight sovereign the later manifestations of its will, dealt so hardly with us as on manysignifypeoplenot,inlous. Patrick O'Dooley, for example, sends in his bin, amouating to |1 37^. for work done tortumed. We thall jsubtily have parttealais ia Ike' Bornlog.Alderman,and earn his bread asTheCape Sable la the steamship Bmtgarieti, wbieh mi*i fromQoecBstowa,ontheMhisst.forPartlaad. Ste 1*atotalwreck,andallb«rcrewaadpaa**ai*nwith theof the affairs of We do not assert or Insinuate that penniless people are unfit for office, butfor a livelihood, are, in nine cases out of ten, incorrigible scamps.of any of their Mends, that they are ill uted innot being paid, we really do not understand.No fraud or deception has been practiced uponbeisg rather loose ; but who is evidently a con- them. There was no salary attached fo the authority to advertise in them at his own discre-will beor muriatic acid saturated with mineral alkali,rock-salt into herwin readily appreciate this fact, even if she falls to comprehend its philosophi-auppect Uiehead.Mia*«" ,,Siiexplainacterized his official action, hit upon a plan fora sort ofhis action in the premises. He accordingly He haa alto receivedPrivyauthorize its payment without due inquiryin theof advertising (hem must have been at leastin the must understand that he ^gislature—mittedtothem isfirstmaderight.mail route.Rich surface diggtags had be*B discovered nearGeorgetown.One hundred thousand ligsatares had been obtalaedto a petitloD to the I.egtslature to prevent ChlnsteIromlRTatloD.to step into their places upon the same terms. Buffalo Commercial, to do part of the work Ilooololu dates are to the rth nit The Khig hadone of the Administration, knowperfectlywell,therearethousandsready employedaMr.Jkwktt,aproprietorofthethispaymentbybut a small vote was onlywas infor services rendered we the Commercial in sustaining the Fillmorewasthe lowestThe Tribune scouts ail this as sheerat i o'clock thiscase at arewarding political journals for party servicesarguesthisto be rewarded fortheir services and then came his own pocket Bbvbt Bslss.are out-and-out advocates.Whyat least of thaour CityHalf of U»eprincipal acoomalatioa of snow and mud, it is almost Impossible to crossr**.» we submit to the despotism of «ar onmlbas. The pKiblie era enticely dependent The echooner Ante*** ha* anived het^wnaso in the Tribune,theTribune,— not to•..Slavers Reporter for Vth. 1, weftil » >Sl|er «ir-r<as the Cburefa on the aob^t in whidi Dt.A."A E&w the remorseless Comptroller steps ing. at 3 o'clock ; at daybreak fka spaia aad fifesettled&st. AWood, we presume, will at once proceed to was numlBg, breaUag ma«t-hlgh over ft* eUf. pres- Albany and secure an amendment of the Commnntcatloa with the (Up vrat AH! theboard. Thenthe talking aboqt lack of legal authority Mayorshipkaaiy aaait everwas ent members of the Common Council, or tiiose Charter which shall remedy this trifling defect on boird n^ist have been lost, mleaa the boat* MlWhat is the use of if he cannot being Mayorresumedlaeomeofthesilvermines. Theboonded confidence appears to be felt in the extsatValley. Woodinventedanewmethodofdraw- loBofthecattleinthatsectionwasterrtU*. Inth*Afterhis recent/"«:*•» cargo of Rio ooft* WM „d«ldforl(iJ«c The«Hud tehtM a«.48BH w«hili wi^aiilia*that th*ag tk* Waaha* *ltf«rM*«*tiad^feelli|jk*«'««"'"j"'«3S **2.Na»r-q«iaM», M«aday.port, &AfaA^ 