 iSUOWeOys* setsSi*COTTO-EUctsralag« in hiss>w every *yerifce— "of tho >:ssippi?e.For <akea n o "Beflif tickets,»ridg© Suckbeen of the >ften re-|u;-;nthy r*Qch ofbuck, •s iatho;CalaV«J)as^ >mAo&»!'pears that the SUtte of Chiapas, in Mexico, has beenin the Penitentiary five years. ,n o tless thant w onor morethan'Twenty-second Ward Republican Association bald an enthuisiastic meeting last night at Stadelbergor's Halt ; f. on Eighth avenue, President Coulter in the Chair. M*v ' Robert H . Shannon addressed the meeting a t consider- able length on the principles of the, RepuhUcanpaAyi. and pictured the scandalous condition of tie present Ad- nhi* owntfiffjori1|rmajorityb:v«lg&those who had nominated the ticket, to which hisMmiry. 1,which iog w«2 >he*tsof fcisiature. at the ^radu- itha* [ting the ;<^itt>aitwho tul.ijisSenate, if,and joluiious thees- [f SiMlth- \iiB over'violent. [feme of Davis's Ohio Miranee. *ir be-rosaptly rearing, ps on-;k eye. »*were theanb- 8t«veraltrity of •eratio>< uglas romtwoed as vexed aatorialia Resola- portedin'•*&• •rfazned onthe jceded s, and I iheir% ana" D'mo-ot the• juatioa ffersoudesig-• as t h e Lai theBut us the ie tact dur> *4 got I of his usibie, madeuckiin pread Demo-tewas I bring ofthe e disa-a lee-»have rie** of•V.tt'-* .y afterip*,was> They stile t ondustri-They an p a r - v. itbinerroied pO;tver•e?vubli-'Jidof tuieed tfcerly*;Ge«re ; m stump *eta*r stump ould bts & well er thanfg n*6 itLdruw 'he xoa-uiwiH. ifoxth e s which eDfthetnanfortheBreckinridgeCongressionalnomina- hear,thathisexpendituresforextraclerkhire fortablyscatJ0,000persons,anditisthoughtthatmany hiepositioBin.a.lengvaledictory,whichiswritten andwereescortedbytt«eGuardstotheMetropolitan lery,&.c.,and,whilethere,alawyer,who«eofficeisa tionintheIXthDistrict,wecertainlyhudnoidea withmoneythathehadonhandwouldbalancehis morewillbeinattendance..Thisweekistobe'entire- withmuchfeeling,andinakindspirit.'Heproposes fewdoorsbelow,onElmstreet,happenedirLand.ijournalist and an honorable politician. The Times,however, alleges that we proposedGen.Morrisonlybecausewebelievedhimtobetheeasiestmanin the District to beat. A s to this, Gen. Morris,*vould not prove a weak, but comparatively.a strongcandidate. W e certainly thiuk there are manyotherprominentmenofhisparty,as,forinstance,Mr.B.M.Whitlock,Mr.E.Croswell,Mr.B. havebroughtMr.SlidellandCalebGushingtothisBrandreth,orMr.W.W.Woodworth,whoareas'pohit,"totakecounselwithMr.BuchananastofarinferiortoGen.Morrisinpersonalpopularity furtherstepsinheadingoffMr.Dougla3.Itmayan they are in literary distinction. W e remember begin to creep through the hair of these personages.ST.LOUIS,Monday,July23,1860. The weather for the past week has 'been unpre- cedentlywarm,tiethermometerrangingfrom100~'toThelargedining-roomofthehotelwassetwithtwo ;4ongtablesrunningtheentirelengthoftheroom,withA gentleman pre«eDt, connected with the Fire MJUS , sbal'sOffice,askedhimifheknewhewasina Frpe*(Responded to by Councilman Lent. H e said on*might well be proud to be one of the Government ofsiI"ThefriendsofBellandEverett,''sayaTAejjotwben he consented, it was in the belief that Express, " throughout the whole of Missouri, are ment among all clashes, in view of the contemplated Vjrgihia. In one town Dear Cumberland^ Md., there, same is delivereO, t^ »ov& justice o f the peace: of eoffertxi no detriment either at tbe hands Jof (M'Cor*atand »* » candidate for the Vice-Presidency only attheargentsolicitationoflismostinfluential personalfriendsincariouspartsofthecountry,of office in their respective States.the Buchararj party; and yet tba Commissioner.does ticn a/» deecr5fc«d in the preceding article/ bas been re- % JPrSace of Wales at St*"Jofen's. hot order itdown, although it is xu**er his sole control oejved at His office through the msil, and shall have?j t t s n a x n e w o u l d b e u s e d i n g o o d f a i t h , a n d t h a t *« w o i k i D g l ' k e b e a v e r s ; a n d t h e i r w o r k i s t h e s o r tS T . J O H R ' S , K . F . , M d n d a y , J u l y 2 3 , I 8 6 0 . a r e b u t 4 7 m a l e s , a n d t h e y h a v e a L i n c o l n a n d H a m l i n . r n o g ' s t r a t e , w h o s e d o t y ' i t s h a l l b e t o e x a m i n e i n t o t h e G u a r d o r t h e M e s s r * . L e l a n d s . T c - d a y t h e B l u e s w i i i The programme of the demonstration on Ohe arrival Club.of4& members. POTOMAC. character and tfendercies of said book, writing;, or pub-" varnai^ and driH hrthe City Hall Part, itn^J>e retrfsws* ligation,aidthepurposefcrwhichthesameisintend- bytbeMayor. Intbeevening,byravifcfionof Mr.piece o f humbug as that proposed by this small clique o f broken-down politicians can never b eapprovedbysinctreandreflectingpeople.The Express bewails its present unhappy position *sfollows:'•WhiledcisgallLaonrpower,Haddesiringtodonilhiour 00«'«r, *x><! in «v*ry honorable way, for Bell andEfeTftt, we ar<\ la-t and all. accused of being oppooed to the Union ticket.". THE PEATH OF MR. GALES.What hypocrisy ! Did n't you both, James and funeral, uniting with the bookbinders and othertools and implements for the manufacture of spurious< 9 are ihoce out of Government employ, and members o —The Chairman of the Dane Co/ (Wii.) Democratic being Judge-Advocate. But it was a pleasure to him notes.Erastus Brooks, go to Utica the other day to pre- vent a Union ticket from being nominated ther«8 ? And are n't you c*oing your best all the, time, just as Washington Hunt is doing, t o get Old Whigsthe KOman Catholic Church. • "' Central Committee has resigned his position, for the to refer to Gen. Scott; his career was written already.About the 25th of May, certain movements among: the " big coney merchants" induced Detective Reaur. to eet hi« aid-de-camp, David Bard,, to .watch their- movements. H e began b y cultivating the acquaint-nce of one Ira Johnson, and on the 27Lhj under the- assumed name of David Boice, he left the city ia com- pany with Johnson. One week afterward he wrote to Reany (who assumed the name of Wra. T . Watson)-, that he was engaged at Parkersburg, Va., in the man- ufacture, of counterfeit bills; that they were printed a t the house of Adam Valentine, who lived in a secluded spot on the Little Hocking River, twelve miles from 'Tho Rev. Father Mullerdy died at Georgetown ar.d Americans to vote for Douglas ? Pretty fel- College, universally beloved." I do not deem it advi&able to vote for Mr. Douglas' for the- of race8 on this continent. In every war the armylows you are to talk of doing your best for the Union candidates when you oppose even the nomi- nation-of electors to vote for them, and when you $re constantly advoeatingthe cause of their enemies.The Rev. Dr. Stonestreet bids farewell to.the congregation of St. Alogsius, and returns again to Georgetown College.To tue Associated Press.following reasons:" First: He cannot be elected." Second: Voting for hiin only increases'the chance of electionof a Pro-Slavery candidate." Third: The resolution adopted at Baltimore which is in-had recognized i nand Dixon's lino.i t s chief officer south of Mason's Yet we New-Yorkers claim a shareingtonHunt. He was Usectional"initsregard down .to 1854. Now, hispraises are sounded by that journal scarcely less loudly than by The Albany Adas. There has certainly been a complete turn- over sirce 1852 either in those journals or in Wash- ington Hunt. Which is it ? .California dispatchesareverymeagerbythwarri- val, nothing having transpired since the last departure"thatitdoesnotinterferewiththerightsorprivileges" of othcis in that locality, and subject to removal at "the discretion of the Mayor."gancfSeguin—chosenchieflybytheGermanvote— cflered the bill; nobody dared, to resist it, and it was passed without any discussion, without even moving a call of the roll. Many of the Representatives are saidthemtotellthepeopleoftheSouththat New-York was true to the Union aud always would be; she isandbeanevidencefortlieState,whichofferwaspo- litely declined.He was conveyed to Coalvill«, and committed in default of $1,500 hail. In the mean time, Sutton's examination had been in progress at Parkersburg. I t lasted Ave days, and eventuated in his commitment, in default of $2,500 baiL Here an attempt was made to. mob Reany and his party, on the charge of " nigger* stealing."'j. •••/ST.perate struggle ever made for a single seat in San Francisco via V.zalia, h*8notbeen received, citherreturn t o the present House by Frank Blair hasintensified a n d embittered this canvass. Monstermeetiegs are held by both parties nightly, and thepoll on the first Monday in August will be tremen-dous. Wehopefcr Mr. Blair's election, but d o Thpy .burned eeveral haciendas, and returned homenot feel sure of it, for the " Union," late *' Ameri-•*can,"partymayturnthescale infavorofBar-retr,andgreateffortsaremadeto inducethem towith a large amoont of booty.The new Spanish Minister had succeeded in inducinganumber ofinfluential personstopetitionPresident Juareztoentertainproposals forpeace,oratleastfor an am.iM<ife between the contending parties, wno,AKT. 653. A . A n y free person who shall publicly maintain that masters have no right of property in their slavehj either b y speaking, writing, o r printing, phall be punished by confinement in the Pemtentiary not lesB than two nor more than four .years.The Constitution and the Union*':.v\ / Received with three cheers.7. The Mayor and the Common Council of Jffew- York. • ,dono. ThevoteoftheDistrictin '58wasde- however,donotappeartobepossessedofmuchm^U-New-York,thoughtheyoftheSouthwhoreadthe ministration. Anaddress wasdelivered by*Mr.clared to stand thus:Blair, Rep., 6,631; Breck., Am;, 5.CC3; Berrett, Dent., 7,057. Barrett ovt-r Bloir, 4K.—-TLere wasa heavy fraudulent vote for Barrett th« n ; b u t will there b e less now %>•••••• !>•••- s n i •—•I • ...The begaboo i s revived, that M r. Lincoln will not be able to carry on the Government because therewillbe no Southernersw:howilltakeoffice under bis Administration.tary vitality, or to have* any money to conduct theirpaperB might have formed a different opinion. [Laugh- ter.] Ho gave a welcome to the citizens of Savannah, and said this bond of brotherhood wss cemented in the times of the Revolution, and drew a sad picture of t h e results of disunion. , 'Col. Gregory of the Second Regiment was called upon. Ho said be had heard a great deal of union and disunion; but if the Savannah Blues would only leave the United States and come to Jersey, they would be glad to see them and give them a hearty welcome.Commissary Maher of the eame Regiment then f a vored the company with a.eong, which was receivedKauflmann in German and English, and after brief, speeches by one or two other gentlemen, the meeting adjourned with three cheers for Lincoln and, HamPm.1F A T A^YBCKNKD.—A childS ,years of age* namedJulian Federspile, residing at 341 Broome starrjet, was atally burned last night by t&e ignition, aud, tjxploeiou- *^-»£$J>Im&%Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069*$y;*$&^^*$k':'#^-S^ii^^ •..<**""•'- '••-••,- ."•1.-U.-7V7*-. .« l« f^ '.P a W '.» « " >1 ln l,ll"""'•'" •''"TM *^ .•"^l«(^^^r, ^ ! •WM'." ' W?*^.9EWrYORK. J>A$L¥ia^BtOT^^TBESB^-itJli^ -SfciSflLIt ia.wellknown that Mr.Everett consented'-to heartywillingness tobearuador himtheburdens 9TjboJPropog^d M&oeptMonofthe oneoftienibsttraveled streetsia.thecity,erectedby erwhohnJ»wsthatanysuohbook^writing,orpublio*»*! Tnisfinishedti*list of«W; . ..-, ..•„ ,*4, tosstsj;spee<**r,andsccg^foIiow'Jw; hibiWtyaa4»yrousneee prevailed, and ^all went n**rTy as a mtmsflfSConvention,butofbiscolleaguesintheStateof licancause. Theyspeakmainly inGermap,but whichthePrixcewillattend..,willcometoblows..Ithasbecomemuchmoresavage neetheearn*inviolationoftheprovisionsofsaidarti- visitingthepolicebeadquarters,'hewaskiform»»dbyaKew-Yorkandelsewhere. Tobeacandidatefor Englishalso,ifrequired. They areamongthe theVice-Presidencyisanhonorabledistinction,jveryablestandmosteffectivespeakersineither eventhoughthemanonwhomitisconferredmight\language. Theytravelseparately,andspeakOnthethirddayheembarks,andthearrangements arf the same as at his landing. . 'Theweatherisbeautifullyclearandcool.The equadronisexpected here tomorrow orWednesdaysincetherecentConventionatSpringfield,wherea BreckinridgeElectoralticketwasnominated. .'••-.cle,heshallbelinedinammnotexceedingfivehun-' citizenofNew-YorkthathewasnowntalFreeritetey dred dollars, or imprisonment in the county jail for a and that having betn-brought here by bjk laaster vol- teimnotexceedingsi±»ont*s,"orboth,atthediscre- untarily,wasasmuchentitledtohislibertsjasthsagit-justly have aspired to a Btm higher place; but to /daily. W e only wish there were a hundred more evening. '-. ' 'tlie nomination of Douglas, all' the old Democrats in master shall violate his duty as prescibedIn Art. 653. others congrv^ated and tried to persuade hip to desert-i>e nominated merely as a means o f more con-venientlysellingoutthevotersofyourpartytotheThe Houfc of Parliament is handsomely decorated.St. Lawi*ence County, N.Y., who had joined the Re- publicans,havegoneback,andwillvotefortheLittleD-, he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and•leaders and traders of a hostile organization, is de- THE LATEST NEW&;—The Troy Vlliig, one of the ablest American jour-grading and discreditable. W e should not be sur-prised were Mr. Everett to revolt at the insultingBUFFALO, Monday, July 23; I860.The'Annual Festival of the North American Saen- nals in this State, has declared against the Brooks andTHESAVANNAHBLUES.•'..effective^protest against it.From Washington.Spsoial Dispatch to The N. Y. Tribune. ITwenty-fivesocieties areexpectedtobeinattendance.The visitors to-day were received at the Depot by theBuffalo Societies, and escorted with bands of music press of the State will take the same ground..through thegavlydecoratedstreetstotheplaceofmeeting. The Buffalo Societies this evening gave a —Leon Trouscale, formerly sn editor aid proprietorlike them.' <r. < Much enthusiasm prevails, l.'—.,' ,• :,:",v'vhismaster, to*which he replied that he had all tbe free- dom hewant*d,and couldleavewheneverhstohlosO^ but preferred to remain, & c .S All of which makes a very fine tale--with which to- adorn a morale oaly—it isn't true.! I t lacka that one . element. The Blues deny any such thing.*, they came, theyeay, as gentlemen, and would rot le" gtulfly'OT .bringing hither anything which might id( taty way- create ill-feeling or trouble. The only foundation for-'*be etory appears to bo this: , |The company is attended by two or three froefr.RECEIVED # rgerbund commenced here to-day. Musical Societies Hunt scheme of supporting Bell and Everett by voting nave already arrived from Kew-York; Philadelphia,c*e which is thus made of him. H e certainly owesit to bis own reputation to make an emphatic and MAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. Syracuse, and other Eastern and Western cities. against them. The Bvffala Commercial says that ex-DINNER A T T H E METROPOLITAN HOTEL.YesterdaytheBlueswere left toexercisetheirown sweet wills, and uncontrolled by any army regulationWASHINGTON,Monday,July23,1860.ftpectable motive for advocating the claims of a THE NEW-ORLEANS POST-OFFICE DEFALCATION. reception concert a t St. James Hall, which was well of The Memphis Appeal, a Douglas paper, having aChi'f,theywanderedaboutthecityeingly.oriusquads,to see what might be seen in this; tie metropolisofthenation. Theyexpreseedthemselvesmuchgra-tified,aswellasinterested,andabout7.o'clockthey acquaintedatthePoliceHeadquarters;hetooVhSWhycan't TheN.Y.Times conceiveofare-publicmeasureorofapublicman? Insuggesting Mr.Marks,thedefaultingPostmasteratNew- attended."TomorrownightalltheSocietiespresent radicaldifferenceofopinionwhithisassociatesontheresolutionsof o\eej>regretforthe decease of theployee?,justaboutthetimeoftheCharlestonConven-IMPORTANTARREST OF FEITERS.COUNTER:venerable Joseph Gales. All the Corporation offices are closed, and will be draped in mourning forthree roonths.\ Thememberswillattendthe funeralonTuesdayafternoon inabody.TheTypographical'Societyassembled inlargenumbers this evening, and resolved t o attend thetion, were ardent advocates for the nomination ofassociations connected with the profession. T h e funeral ceremonies, which are to be civic, will be the most imposing witnessed here for many years.I have yet to meet the man of any party who does not admit that Lincoln is to be our uext President, u n lees by some means it can be got into-the House of Rep- resentatives.The effort with the old Whig corpse, -which has lately been exhumed, galvanized, and-hooped round; in order to give it the proper proportions and appear- ance of a well-formed, living body, has proved a fail are. These resurrectionists have found out, to their mortification, that after all their efforts and labors with thi& corpse, it cannot be made to move along, and thefollowing reasons: '" 1 am in.pelled to take this course, from the fact that I cannot comistently support cither of the Democratic candidates for the jPrefeidency, attne ensuing election."I canrot vote for Mr. Breckinridge, because be stands upon the Pro-Slavery Platform. •*;•He would simply refer to him as the representative of the American race. The terrific energy and the in- domitable courage of the American people were among the meet noticeable of the results of the comminglingWASHINGTON, Monday, July 23,1860. Mr. Pefrees has*commenced a suit against Mr. Ford,not for a day, but for all time. !..'»«Received with three rousing cheers and music, " T h e Bold SoldierBoy."Reepouced to by Capt. Anderson of the Blues. H esaidtheycamehereasbrothers,and'werereceivedasother on tho. Slavery question; my choice i s the extreme for such; and he hoped this would tend to strengthen thesigned at the Farmers' and Drovers' Hotel iu Parkers-burg. of which Hiram Sutton was the landlord; O nthe 20th of June, Valentine set up the press in tho house, and struck off $5 000, mostly in Bank of Ken-tucky tens, the balance being in ones of the Winston BankofConnecticut. Oneofthegangtook$2,000-ofit to Pittsburgh to sell to the dealers of that city. Thereupon Boice stole tho remaining $2,000, to pre- «m vent its Circulation, and sent it to Reany.It is said that.President Fillmore is about toad-«hessthe People in behalf ofMessrs. Bell and theprinteroftheHouse,forashare m the profiting •clo'hed in "sackclothandaehes," to themusicof•a thing. . • \.per agreement, -while Me*ars. Larcomb and English tolling Bell. .Everett. Butwhat usewillbeservedbytheex- Thereisbutoneliveparlyinthiscityatthepresent have sued out an injunction agauiEt Mr. Ford. OtherpresideT.fs eloquence, so long a* a lot o f trading parties are also implicated in this complicated question. time, and J need not toll you that one is tho Republi-" Fourth: The ultraiats of the South, by their action in Na- tionalConventionandelsewhere,haveforced.uponthoUnion men of the North the necessity of taking one extreme or thopoliticians prevent the nomination o f Bell andEverett electors, in order to sell the Bell men outto Dean Richmond and Peter Cagger? Perhaps,however, Mr. Fillmore may denounce, as itde-ceives the complicated scheme by which the Bellparty of New-Yo^k is to be employed in the basetvork of makiDg J t e Lane President. That he tion by the running away of a team.atould lend himself to such aschemeisasini: possible as that he should be found counseling hisFurther particulars, gained from one of tho passen- gers,ar«asfollows:5. The Cities of Savanahand Nero- York—The meeting of the Blues and the City Guard has produced an ofl'spring of whichThe stage left Mountain Station with seven passen- gers bei-ifle the driver, and Mr. Stout, roadicaster in friendstovoteforthemanwhodestroyedthe theemployoftheOverlandCompany,whowasact- irg w conductor. . On leaving the elation, the driverCone«pondence of the New-Yorker DetnoJuat.NEW-BKATJNFELS, Texas,.July J, I860. they well may be prond; we will foster and cheiiim it for our ceived in change one of the counterfeits. Ira JohnstonWi.rsouri Compromise.I send you a copy of an act passed by dur last Leg- islature, and sanctioned by the great Sam (Houston)— an act the like of which i s scarcely found iu Cuina, certainly not in France, Austria, or Russia. The his-tory ol this interesting legislative enactment is vailedown Bakes, and for the good of our country.Three cheers, and responded to by the Mayor.Mayor Wood was received with three rousing cheers. He said he regretted that absence from the city had prevented him before from making t h e acquaintance oftheBlues. Hewashappytobecalledtorespondwas observed m the street passing the bills, under the assumed name of Wm. White. H e was arrested, while the rest o f them proceeded t o the Farmers' and Drovers' Home, arrested Sutton, and found many im-plements necessary in the manufacture of the bills. I n tho cellar they found the plates for State Bank of Ohio twenties,BankofKentuckytens—anew$2plateon the Southern Bank of Kentucky, which had never been* used. This plate is thought to be one of the best ever made. \ Reany, with two others, drove to the house of Vsdentine,whostoutlydeniedallknowledgeofcoun- terfeiting, and when he. found the officers bent upon his arrest he resisted to the utmost; his wife, coming to the rescue, presented a revolver and threatened to blow out the brains of Reany. When resistance couldworthy of note. •, v , T SASKBASCISCO..July2—<Noon. .conservative, national and constitutional. cheering.].[Greatmtcan. Meetiugs are held every Thursday, under the {iuepices of the Republican Association of this city, which has been in eucceesful ope/ation since its organ- ization in • September, 1855. The spacious, wigwamFreedom rather than the extreme lor Slavery." I intend, therefore, to voto'for Abraham Lincoln forPre*i-d*nt, believing that be can and will be elected, and that his elec- tion will teach the Pro-Slavery men of the South a profitable le*eon, while at the same time i t will further the best interestsbonds of this Union. . H e hoped this would be but thebeginning of this interchange. He concluded with thesentiment:'The New-York. City Guard—When the Blues cease tore- a-ember them as brothers, may their right hands forget their cunuing.T l i e O v e r l a n d Itfaii.FOBT SMITH, Ark., July 22,18G0.Boice came to Cincinnati, and was. followed- by one of the party who suspected him of the theft, but sup- posed that he was selling it. Here such measures were adopted as would confirm his suspicions. Having em- ploy ed a young man" named Moses to assist iu theThe telegraph line i» now completed to thia point, was filled on Thursday evening last, with an intelligentor the whole country. . "Madhon, July 1«, I860."FRANK II. FJJLMIN.and an office is opened for business.The Overland Mail coach, -with San Francisco elates made on that occasion. Some fifty new members wereto July 2, airived at 10:3o a. m. to day, with eome of the paettngers who received injuries at' Mountain Sta-SUPPRESSING THE IRREPR ZSSIBLE Thiswasrespondedtointhefirstplacebysixheart- watch,he(Moses)wassenttoParkersburg,andtookadded to the Club.I must now tell you of a most disgraceful act of petty prescription practiced upon, the Republicans of this city by an Administration official.It was determined to erect a very handsome liberty- pole on a conspicuous point near Pennsylvania avenue. In order to do so, permission had to be obtained of the Mayor. Accordingly the Mayor was waited upon, who replied that he was willing to grant the permit so far as his powers extended, but that it would be nec- essary to obtain the consent of the V. S. Commissioner of Pnblic Buildings. ~ . .jraa the Union-saving splitticketin1850thatso >la<key. a drover from Caseville, Mo.,<>nhisiway "thepoleshouldbebothsafeandornamental." ©early "rescued" Mr.HuntfromtheGovernor- fromCalifornia,andinjuringeveryotherpersoninthe Th*letterdidnotstatewhatpoliticalpartyaskedCONFLICT IN TEXA S—A TROCIOUS LAW.felt cheers, and in the second place by some very happy remarks by President Henriques of the City Guard.After music came the regular toast: •".'•-board at Sutton's Hotel. - His reports b«ing favorable, on Wednesday last Reany started for. Pwkersburg, and upon his arrival took lodgings at the Swan House. Here-a consultation was held, and the young mau was directed to pay his bill to Sutton; he did so, and re-eraek^d his wlu>, and the hordes immediately started on a run, and when they arrived at the brow of the rrountain the brakes were applied, but were found t o he useless. I n h is elForts to stop th e hordes, thedriver drove from the main road,The Ezprtss says that**M Tnx TRi»r?os, Courier anlTbm<» a**ail ('ov. Hunt, The•J<n*malofCommerceconestobiarescue."—Ofcourseitdoe?. TJteJournal ofCommerce irgthecoachinpiece*,killingonemaubythenameof "C"t>ndSeventhstreets,"and"assuringhimthatship. Until he bad " turned his back on himself,"stape TO'a greater or less extent. , Mr. Stout was severely cut on the face,:his noso being completely fla'tened. lie alw complained of internal injuries. Several of l e injured remain here forrest until thethis favor.Tho Commissioner sent a verbal reply giving hisconsent.kind, but public opinion declared decidedly against it., anditwasunderstoodthatthebillwouldbedrOj>:ed. Till within four days nothing additional could be learned of the matter. Now, it appears in full view among the lawspas8edby thelato Legielatare, and approved byin past renown, and present fame. H e looked on t h e presentgatheringasanindicationthatallwehear about divisions is naught, but the American people a r e one, and will keep us together as one people now and forever. In his capacity of Mayor he welcomed Capt.Arrived July 3, harfcJulia aDd Wilhelm. London; 2d. Freuch 6ark Coteortew; Bordraux; sWp Lizzie, Spalding, Hon? Kong: Br. slitn'St. H«-lena, Hong Kong; and a Habiburg bark, name not ilYVii. Sai!«d SOtb, boik Therega. Melbourne. ,There are no market reports since Saturday, ana nt- er.-.lly, not an item of news since Saturday's dispatch toVjzalia. , ,. A, „Having thus secured all necessary rights for the erec-tion of fftid pole, a g(ntleman proceeded to Baltimoreto make atl ai ran cements for the preparation of a suit- to have avoided voting b y absenting themselves, able one of one bandied and fifty feet in bight, and tobeNriflgC'3 and finished in the best••style,6 ; T A f ¥nion—Ncwand shall be preserved.Bn<l forever, one and inseparable, i t must - . . 'NOTE.-—The above-mentioned dispatch, sent iroinyLater from OTtexieo.Itedi.o-objvtlon. Since'then 1 huvo bod an opportunity of ex- Bii)h;ii)g as to the extent ol a y auttority ovor tbo matter, uiid I findthat;nofaTfromb^insc ontborized to grant the permwnon yon requested, it would be my duty, under, tbe law, to remove the prtk* If ereeUd. •"I Ibeiel'oie Lave to recall the verbal 'acquit-scence in the per- mission yon obtained of the Mayor,- which I eomoiunicnted to yon tbion^i the gentleman who delivered to me your letter.»render such slave discontented with his state of Slave-ry,orwhoshall,bywordsorspeechaddressedtoa acharacterwastheWaroftheRevolutionandof,.i'*5> '•BKrUBMCANK.-r-TIio-hostilities..sTornado.W ASHINGTON, Monday, July 23,tSf»o,slave,endeavortorendersaid slavediscontented with biBstate of Slavery, shall be punished by confinementJ5y advices from Vera Cruz to the 7th mat., it ap-1812, andforsuchtheSouthwasreadyto fight.There was occasionally a slight hiss during the course of Mr. Stiles's remarks, and he concluded with ofleringTWENTY-SECOND WARD'nvaded by a party of •fillib'r.et'ers from Guatemala.LdriisvrxLK, Mwday, July 'Si, 18h0. over t h i s c i ' / from the. north- west onrpoflug sevewlbaildtogs and prrstratmg a number of trees. Boats were blown from their .moorww, ind conj»derable damage done, the amount of which is notve^ascer- ta'med. Thesronn lasted threexmnntes,andwasac- companied by hall and rain. ^Democracy are enraged' about itr-they cannot for a moment tolerate the idea tbat a streamer bearing the i amis of Lincoln and Uamlin should be seen floating fr< rn wich a conspieuous point; and now, for the first time, doabls arise in his m'nd as to his power, arid he lin<is, by some means or other, a law.that he not only has cot the power to grant permission to erect a polo, but that it is his duty, if erected, to cut it down.Tliisisbutanotherspecimenofthepettytyrannyto which the Republicans of this city are subjected.Dees ar.y one suppose for a moment tbat this Demo-lnird of any free inhabitant of this State, or of any resident for the time being therein, shall be punished by confinement in the Penitentiary not less than tw o nor morejthan five years. •AUT. 653. C . I f any free person shall write, print, publish, or cause to be written, priuted.-or published, any printing, picture, book,*or other writing inculoat- irig^ resistance, to the right of property of masters in their Blaves, or calculated to produce in slaves a spirit of insnbirdinution, with the mtehl to advioe or incite'At fii-o'clock yea erdny afrerncon, a tornado passedv •Ci.Y.yy.hAav, Monday, July2.i, 1860.negroes in this State to rebel or to mako insurrection; with tumultuous applause.Among the general orders promulgated, yesterday by theWarDepartment,ieonedirectingt^e removal from the Presidio, San Francisco, of; Coyapany I, 3d Artil- lery, which is to proceed at o u w to HonW Lake Val- ley, for the pro*<*tion of the ioby.bifewjtfl of that region.Suppliesfor,thecomsftaiidftra,\0hefurnished,bjrt^'CJ . Brucevifto Station, on the passed—Tbis nonsense does not merit notice; but, t<» A tornado paes<-ci over wswrw" V«"V i "i "V cratic Ccmmissierer wouldhuvc-objectedtotheerectionor if he shall, wiih "the iuteut to give effect to the ten- dency or to aid the puspose of any such book, writing or public u'ion.knowiugly circulate the same, be shall be puiiibhed.by confinement in tl/e Peuiteutiury not le**tlar*twonorrrorethansevenyears.AUT. G53. D>—If uuy poatoioster or deputy-postuuwt-g. TbePreu. •Which was received with cheors, and responded to by Mr. Ormsby of Th,> Timefii ,qniet a E alarm, w e will state tbat when a t on? Cleveland and Mahoning Railroad, on ISaturday last, ofa-Pro-Slavtrv Democratic pole ? Weopinonot. PolesT laKt, entirely destroying the depot and several dwelling have'been elected heretofoie by Democrats. Wing*,tore, in 1856, Col. Fremont s election, was highly houses and barns, and Trilled two ladies. W g o tress and Aui*ii'M.<7 and no exceptions have ever beenpTobuble,therewereplentyofpatrioticSouthern; wereunrootedandhurledthroughtheair. thesterm *:»Vrntothen:. Apoloisnowt-tandiug,WaveryThe last toast waB:"Unman." Reci>onded. to bvGuards,T.isut.Gso.W.t*eok-hmn,ofthe•eru, South Carolinians included, wno manifested ti••,'was very violent, find extended over an areit ol tw o nfles ia'Wrtgth aiida quarter of a mile in width.'••''•'•-cilai-;dfttod co'o.iitiou, in.the conter of Maryland uvenue, Untitled DocumentVOhi(rfC<«ini»ea^Tv' •^m#3&^$$>• • ST.JOHWS,If.F.,Julv22.I860. IhavewrittenalongtrletterthanI.iatended^and reasontobelieve'^batthesameisintendedtobeused bell."ufttiMhe•>«weeem»'hours,"WMOTfhotwoo» The preparations for the reception of the Prinee of muct cloee. The Republican cause ia makbg rapid in'-.vicla>i6b of the Provisions of said preceding article, pan:** separated for the night, evidentlyftatisfieat * « Walesaxenearlycompleted. Thereismuchexcite- stridesinthemighboriogcountiesinMarylandand itshallbebisduty«ogivenoticethereofbeforethe tt»ecreditofthecityforbroepitaHwandgoodcheerh«€"thatis*uretowin." SoarethefriendsofBelltalents and reputation lent so much of prestige aod Everett in the State of New-York, with this of the Prince of Wa3e«: —The hostPity between the supporters of Douglas ed; to be used by the peraois to whom it is directed/ iNixon, tie Blues aad tbe Guards will via»t Nibio's toOnthefirstday,theGovernor,Bishops,Judges, andthoseofBreckin)idgehasbecomeexceedinglybitter. pndiftrponsuchexaminati«obeshallconcludethat 'witnessthespectacleof"Aladdin."«''. •••<••«*.•. andimportance,wouldhonestlyaridearnestlysup- difference—that theyareworking,forDouglasand Councilors, &c.,meet theRoyalpany on Queen's eaidw7ifiDg,bcok; orpublication issuch asisde- SomeofourzealousPro-Slaverycontewporarfes;inportit. Thisbeliefisnowseentohavebeenmis- Johnson,andmeantowin'iftheycan,byelecting wharf,andthedifferentsocieties,headedbytheMa- intbatpartoflllihoieknownasEgypt-lathetowaof scribedmtheprecedingarticle,andintendedtobe theiranxietytoshowthegreaterblessing*ofStsvsrytaken j and we cannot see how any high-minded man can, consent to occnpy for a moment the position intowhichMr.Everett hasbeenthrustbytheac- tion not on'y of the President of the late BaltimoreLane. And a nice set of politicians they are.sonic bedy, form an escort to the Government XRmse. Joneeboroj the Dottglas men have resolved not to trade nsed in viohtion of the provisions of said article, it to the African, have given to 'the public a tong tfotf In the evening, there will be a display of fireworks, at the Breckinridge stores, and the Breckinridge fami- shall be hys duty to eanee eaid boofc, writing, or. pul^li- about a faithful sla\'e, be?r>nginff to Capt, Aadorsott'OfSIIUEZofWisconsinandIT.HASSAURECK of Ohio are now canvassing Illinois for the Repub-Accordingtotheirstatements,Capt-Anders©*ofths* Savannah Blues,- now visitiflg here^ has aIslafe widiwCA&Land the public buildings will be illuminated.On }le second day the Prince holds a levee and re- lies have determined not to visit the Douglas families/,-ceivesanaddress. Theremill bearegatta on Lake nortorecognizethemasrespectablemembers,ofsocio** Quidividi, and probably the Praico will drive rOuudthecation, to be burned irr'hlspreeencevART.653. E.Ifrany.rr»epeteorrshallsubscribeforthe Bloes who d|d not wisir nisliberry at aiL ;sny book, writing, or ptrblibadon, such as is describedLake. In the evering, there will be. a grand ball; ty. There seems even to be danger that the animosity in Art. 65$, C, of tbis cbiepter; and with the iDtentrto btm, a musician; and on Saturdsy, as this sbrre warS a e n p e r b u n d Festival. >Giant. N o other paper has the news. .joininamammothconcertattheNew-YorkCentral-thenameof.Gen.George P .Morrisas the right Orleans,wasrecentlyinthiscity,andstated,asI RailroadPaster^erI>epot. Thebuilding,will com- Presidentialcandidate,retiresfromthepaper defining formedthemselvesintolineoppositetheLafargeHouse sablefriendtheretoseethetelegraph,therogues'gal-except to pay a merited compliment to a brother accounts; but when subsequently called upon tol y spent in festivities.• • — . "Weatfeer at St, tonis.to connect himself with The Nashville Union and where the Messrs. LeJands bad prepared a sumptuous opened a conversation with the negro by asking him ifcash over, he sent up word that he had no funds. ItisunderstoodthatMr.Markswasappointedat-American, there to exert his powers for Bteckinridge. —TieRepublicansofBath,SteubenCounty,organ-banquet for tl eir entertainment.DINNER AT THE METROPOLITAN.he were a Slave. Sambo replied tbat he "didn't know 'zackly, buts'poscd he did abouf ashe liked, andhadaneasytimeofit." •' j—TheCincinnatiEnquirerhaslearnedthatsincetionofthejury. ••. hebadbeenbornhere;thattothbrthe'negroreplied ART.653. F .IfanyPootaaaeter orDeputy.Post- hedidnotwishhisfreedom; that severaliegroessadcept TheiV. F.Express, TheMohaick Valley Ameri- can, andperhapeone other,tlie wholeBellandEverettized a Club on Friday evening, under the most favor-?hapstoshieldthedelinquent ortonamehissuc- 106°mihe shade. Between10and4oclockonSat- ableprospects. Connectedwithitis/anexcellent(Jlie 'leltBfor250guests. At,eitherendoftheroomwere Statenow,andcouldgowherehepleased,towhioh)theinstanceofMr.Slidell,whois nowhereper: cessoj.ciub. • " x ,.;>m: festooDS of the Stars and Stripes; on the sides were the he replied that he did, but preferred to go back to S a -—The Camden (Ala.) Rcgisitr hoists the Breckin- flags of the City Guards and of the Blues, together vannah. This ended tte-conversation on that sabject,. and the negro r-emained some time longer^ satisfyingwithtiecoats-of-anneofthevariousStates. Among•SHE FUSION MOVEMENT?urday.itbe mercury rose to 107°—the highest point everreached in the memory of the oldest inhabitant. l l p -ward of forty deaths from heat have been reported by ridge flag, and'holds forth as follows: theCoronersinceFriday.'PerchancetheconditionofNationalpoliticsmay"Werunupcurflagto-day forBreckinridgeandLane, the Democratic nominees for Presidentand Vice-PresidentoftheUnitedStates.Wehaveunwaver- loaded,bothsubstantialanddelicate,werescattered ofnegroesandothers,who,attractedbyhismilitary'fpellthatinformerdaystheEditorofTheTimes thatthepolicyoffusionElectoralticketsinPenn- MariettaPollard,anintereetiuggirlof1-1years,was done,therecanbenosortofdoubt;but-itshouldbeJmWINTERivaged a bitter and unsparing newspaper warfare sylvania, New-Jeroey, New-York, and Connecticut UpononeofthepresentconductorsofTlte Home i«playingcompletelyintothehandsoftheLittle Journal. Is it possible that the animosity he then Giant, unless indeed a like policy is submitted tokilled by lightning in Sharon, Mass., on Saturday.Tlie Zouavesiu Boston. BOSTON, Monday, July 23,-1860.done with fairness and justice to every section of theUnion; and believing' that the party to whioh we be- Union Arms; Monument of the City Guard; Symbol of Friend-GARDEN.•The Chicago Zouaves are.creating a great sensation hero. A n immense crowd was attracted to the Com- . ti JO-of the political strength and influence of the result being probable, the indications all are that mon to-day to witness their drill, which strongly im-THE RAVELS.-The Ravels—The Ravels—have come again. They-are sempiternal. T i ey are not men, b u t institutions; The king is dead—loDg live the king ! " The guard dies,butneversurrenders\" TheRavelsdoneither. They cannot die, and ilwaye triumph.A fine, crowded, delighted, aucience a t the Winter- Gardengreetedthemlastnight. Theywere pleasant to the old, and.waoK'erfnl, up to supernaturshsm, to* the j<ung. F&^Such slight affinities as heads, such necessary evils as bones, such old-fashioned things as- the laws of gravitation are dispensed with by them, headsflyoff,boneswillnotbreak,bodiesgoheaven-, ward, and all the fantastic outrages of t h e impossibfe - are visibly presented to tho delectation of fresh imagina- tions. They so thoroughly understand the the stage- business of tteir pieces, that it goes with machine-like regularity,Gabriel Ravel was there, young as ever; and Fran the Madison District of Tennessee. Whether it is by knives and forks and the incessant cannonade and cois, the same. There was a Chinese burlesque, wherecultivated leads to his pTesent gratuitous deprecia- by his fri( nds iw the South. So far from such aother proprietor and editor of the same interesting' Douglas and Bell union Electoral tickets will be pressed military men and created quite a furore among list of thirteen States which he is confident will goforJournal?rSell theBell votersoftheStatetoMr.Douglas Some ofMr.PiercesoldNew-Englandfriendschange of The HeraUi in this regard in opposing vations on that nasty intrigue by which Messrs. W . Jusion in New-York." I n nei'her of these thirteen States will'Douglas orBreckinridge besuccessful unlessitbein Georgia,where ihe statute calls on the Legislature to settle the and Brigadier-Gen. Hull. So tempting was the sight dispute. Democracyisonitswaytoitsgrave,andinNovember next, either by the friends of Bell or Lin-coin,willbeprecipitatedtoitsdoominhell,whereitought to have been years ago,.and where, with roguesard liars, it will spend an eternity of just such enjoy-ment as it had a.ioretaste of at Charleston and in Bal-timore."TheBuffalo Commercial hassomesensibleobser- Hant,J.andE.BrooksandW.Duerproposeto THEPOSITION OF«KN.PIERCE., • + » i i . Mew Cotton.-•' . 'mJoe Lane. " Hardlv a tithe of the American vote,"•Murderofa'.Police.OJlieer.BOSTON,MoEday,July23,1860. inglyconcludedforthelasttenyearsthatitwouldbePerkinsH.DOw,apoliceofficerinLynn,was better(forallconcerned)tomaketwoormoredistinct beaten to death laet night, while endeavoring to quell Governments of the territory comprising the United a fight among eome Irish. States of America—and that euch will ultimately bethe good things of this life with which the tables were boquets in great profusion and the following ornamentalpieces:A.Pocoh'ontaB, mounted; Oriental Tower; Temple, with thebnrtof Washington; Statue of the City Guard: Statue of the Savannah Blues; Wahbing.on Monument of NewVwk: Monument of Art and Science; Gothic Tower; Symbol of War; Trophy of thedress, had gathered about the door on Elm street, and to avoid this crowd, hs. with his friend, passed out' at the Broome-street door, and went quietly away. Tho story of his alarm and running away is altogether u n - true.—Parson Brownlow of The Knoxville Whig has a formedinsi-meoftheextreme Southern States. thethcupandsofspectatore. / BellandEverett. Heconcludeshisremarksonthisvisit Salem to-morrow. The time of their departure Southienotyetdefinitelyfixed.The Zouaves visit Charlectown tins afternoon asHerein istheprobableexplanationofthesudden 'guests.ofthendlifairyofthatcity,andareexpectedto topicwiththefollowingparagraph:' , <*nd then deliver them, bound hand and foot, to Gen. comment very bitterly upon his recent course, say- day from Houston County. The class is fair.ing that he has closely allied himeelf to the few Says The Commercial, "will be cast for Douglas. who have been his violent enemies, while he has;'*Withinadayor'twopast,wehavelearnedthat woundedthefeelingsoftherankandfilethathave ThesteamshipParara,fromNew-York,arrivedoff .•—^ParsonBrownlowsaysthattheRev.Dr.Daily,* ' o n e o f t h e m o s t p r o m i n e n t m e m b e r s o f t h e S t a t e *' National Union Committee, a man whose consent « is almost essential to the success of the proposed *' transfer, declares tbat he will beat the bargain ifs t o o d b y h i m t h r o u g h a s t o r m o f d e t r a c t i o n .THE STEAMER P A WNEE.ST.JOHN'S, N.F., July22,I860t h i s p o r t a t 11 a . m . , a n d s a i l e d a t 1 p . m . t o - d a y f o rr e c e n t l y d e p e s e d f r o m t h e P r e s i d e n c y o f B l o o m i n g t o n College, Indiana, and at the same time expelled from'the Methodist Church for drunkenness and adultery,The Navy Department intends giving the Paw- nee another trial, and perhaps yet another, before *' he can, and if not will vote and work for Lin- rejecting her. Those here who are most compe- " coin. H e is a Bell man, and no contingency can Itent to give an opinion c >neerning her studiouely avoid remark in the. premises, as she was built byhas been nominated for Congress by the Democrats of• sections. On went the charge amid the rattle of*' compel Mm to vote for Douglas."—S > it must be everywhere'. Such an enormouscontract.Tho City Councils have passed a preamble andCorre«ponderice of The N. Y. Tribune..WASHINGTON CITY, July 21,1860.Our city i s exceedingly dull a t the present time. Even the political cauldron has apparently ceasedto boil. Our political opponents here seem to be" at as1 much loss to inow what to do as in other.portions of the country. About one half the Government em-the Douglas or the Breckinridge Democrats, Brown- lowdoesn'tsay. „ .'•—The Republicans of Suffolk County are to hold a great Ratification Meeting at Sag Harbor on Thureday next, the 2Cth inet. AH who feel interested in the cause or desire to hear its principles expounded are invitedtoattend.—Mr. Dpnglas's reception at Saratoga is represented1. The President of the United State*.Followed by three cheers, and "'Hail Columbia" bythe band (Dodwortb's).2. The Governor of the State of New- York.Three cheers,and music. "Governor's March."a. Lt.-Qen. tVinJitld Scort—The venerated Chief of the Amer-MACON, Saturday, July 21, I860. Thefiictbaleofn*wcottonwasreeeivedhereto-before them, that i t needed no special order to induce them to charge on, not the enemy, but the subjects before them. And if our citizen soldiery will always charge with as much spirit, on any real enemy, and meet with the same success in sweeping all before them, o u r country need have no fear from any invader t h a t m a y b e r a s h e n o u g h t o a p p r o a c h o u r s h o r e s . B u t wo to the land, should ever so much strength and vigor be wasted in civil war between two. contendingGalway.• 'POLITICAL..Tlie P a r a n a O u t w a r d S o u n dPOLITICS I N W ASHINGTON.popping of corks, till the tables were well nigh cleared andthefirstregulartoastwasgivenbyMr.Draperofthe Guard:a (French) man comes down in a balloon among the pig-tails and little feet, and works wonders. Lots of* dancing and fencing were thrown in. That w a s fol- lowed by a domestic scene of oddities and impof eibfli- ties—one of their classics. The Ravels promise through their opening night to have a brilliant season.1 longistheonlyreliableonetocarryoutthiameasure,ship; Large Camp of the City Guard.At a little after 7|, the Blues, escorted bythe Guards, marched into the dining-room and took seats,at the table, Capt. Lovell a t the head; on his right were Capt. Anderson of the Blues, Lieut. Webb of the Army, Capt. Schley of the Blues, the Hon. John McKeon, JudgeDeLion,Lieut./ThomasoftheArmy,Chaplain Baker, and some officers of the 2d Regiment. On his left were Mayor Wood, H . W . Stiles of Georgia, for- merlyConsultoAustria, Mr.McKinneyofGeorgia,and secure to our own section all her rights, we intend to battle for its principles to the fullest extent of our ability." • . ' • ,Douglas; but now how changed £he scene!—scarcely a by the local press as a rather cool one, and, notwith- ican Army; beloved at home and respected abroad; may he long continue t o fill his proud position with honor to bun self and glorybaker'sdozenoffollowerscenhemuster. Thischange standingthefireworksinthe.evening,thegathering tobiscountry..hasbeenbroughtaboutbythedecidedstandtakenby wasnotnearasenthusiasticoraslargeaswhenMr. the Administration ajjainet all who affiliate in any -way Lcvejoy spoke there a short time since. Mr. D.'s vrith-Douglas. Thefew-whostillatandbyDougla• Bpeechwasarepetitionofhisothers. • ,£•'."•From TheCincinnati Commercial,July2Ldorbed by Mr Douglas, in bis letter accepting the nomination, and'flsshy outside appearance, i t resembles in form a the Beceasioniats demanded. It virtually declares that the Dem-people have discovered that, notwithstanding its Qualatter-day fashionable Belle—all within is dead men's ocraticpurty will not only abide b y the ' Dred Scott Decision,'bonee. The disappointed ones go about the streets but will also favor Congressional legislation to enforce and carry it into efl'ect- which means 'intervention,' if it means, any-and enthusiastic audience, to listen to the speechesA letter was addressed to the Commissioner desiring permission"toerectaliberty-poleonwhichtohoistawithgreatandintentionalobscurity. Attheopeningand they came in collision with a tree, literally Bmaah- "fleg a t the intersection o f Louisiana avenue and of the Session there was some talk about a bill of that to a toast uniting two great cities, great in patriotismno man wasever more exposed to the cream-faced». malignityofTheJournalofCommercethanWash-nexts'age. ...reimitwasimmediatelygrantedwiththeprovisiontheGovernor.Asfaraswecanlearn,SenatorDug-AndersonandhistroopstoNew-York,andwishednolongerbemadethescampproposed-toturntraitor,This being made known, to the Mayor, a writtenni7Ssioncr—nice clayu «n^x ^i **..&erection of it—learned that .be has no power to giveamong them the few Germans. Since then a cry of irdignation has been raieed among the Germans; but nothing will be done to test the legality of the act, be- cause no lawyer can be found, to defend us. VIADEX.• Three cheers, and the "Star Spangled Banner" by the band, and responded to by Mr. H . W . Stiles, ex- Consul to Austria, who made a strong Union-Saving speech. T h e Constitution w a s all the South asked; the same protection accorded to others, nothing more,Johnston requested to be conveyed to Ohio without the formality of a requisition, which w a s done, when he waived an examination, aud was committed. A tLOUIS isnowthearenaolthemostdes-Cor>gTess.Thesuccess/ulcontestofMr.Barrett'satVanBurcn,FortSmith;orSt.Louis. ingextract: - personwhoshall,inthepresenceorhearingofanybutnothinglesb\Themanwhowouldnotfightforbillswerestruckoff,everythingbeinginfirs&cataARTICLE, 653 shall hereafter read as follows: A ny'• J revested the bearer of vour letter to «tate to yon tbat I slave, utter words calculated and with the intent to abstractions had given up his freedom already. * Of euch working order. ->urh, and sent a letter, from'which I make the follow-the Athens County Bank the press was aet. and acme . " • , -Let it be remembered that the letter to the Commis-sioner did not state what political party desired toeroctthis pole, a r d av< the Republican party 'has been consid-ered a very .insignificant party in this city, he had noreasontosupposethey.-woie.citherableorsopresump- AIIT.VG53.B.Anyfreepersonwhoshallprivately tuous as to make such a request; .and therefore he had or utlerwise than publicly maintain that masters have every reason to believe it was a request from his own no right of property in their slaves,- with purpose to paity. But by-and-by he finds out his mistake—tho bring the institution of Slavery into disrepute in .the. .shallbe fined inany sumnot exceeding dred dollars.twohun-and unfettered by any orders from Commander-in- negroes in a.quad uniform, and a negro, servingin ^;Wehaveto-daytoannouncethemostimportantar* reet of counterfeiters. that has been made for many thatmostofhismilitaryservicewascomprisedin years,andtherecoveryofaverylargequantity<ofFollowedbysixcheers,andmusic.Responded to by the Hon. John McKeon, who saidin the common glory.4. Our Cuesti—The Savannah Republican Blues. W e lovesubstantially concedes, HO fur as principle i s concerned, all that them as countrymen and love them as brothers. Our alliance is Parkersburg in Athens County, and that they were-I...... «mi-i • i — .likecapacityintheCityGuards,seeing-,hismasters* fraternizing' with the Blues, thought it becoming in him to do likewise, and accordingly took one of tbe Savannahnegroesarouidthecitywithhim* Beinghiscurirsityinregardtothetelegraph andothermat- ters." When he got ready to leave, he noticed a crowdof a bottle of camphine. ' ,t www.fultonhistory.com 