 ¥OL. X.—NO. 2861.NEW-YORK, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1860. PPICE TWO C^i^TS. railioida of their own, Sntk, in order to sell them ia the South, and as such they are determined to re- a better market ! Nevertheless, as " election is over," I which would be carried out by those who would not with this grievance? Why should It «> «TMtu. _,Tbe FrasidentXJrdt Againat'Bimnion.the halrit oftalking very extravagantlybefore an elec-menwho were in favor ofcity preserving the Union. To-andtliatwehavefargreater reason tocomplain; ofwhile of those.whoactuallydidescape,aMCNIFESn EROM SENATOR DOUGLAS.TBI>B«BAFHIC DISPATCHES.he is warmly sustataed by Mr. Biaok, and by the ac- is genwally admitted that there will be a saottee of soppoae that any sudi thrtau wffl efiect their repeal, law—and they are much more conversant with our hope that the next Administration will see aUqoieeeeace,atleast,ofhisentireCaUoetHisoon- propertyatfirst Thismanystandreadytemeet,and orinduceasingleStatetorepealasinglelawT If lawstlunhasbeensopposed—whatgreaterinducement vexingqudUionswhichliavearisenconinletatyset-raOM WASBIMGTON.youslaves that escape from his service, should it notMMATOK—«BK. LAHI AID 80ITTH OAKOLUCA. WuBraerra, Honday, Nov. 19.me for Oie loss of of whyany my property? Onwiriike pifepuatlons are also in progress.— LARST ADYICIS TBOH SOUTH CABOLINA SIN-TDUIIT or HASTLAND, JbO.BuTDCOai, Monday, Nov. 19.a tiiird to be selected by the President, as a matter of towns where he has spoken during the campaign.taste or favoritism on his part. Should the Nationally fail under the second, and in that event the Consti- tutirni will be tiimed out to graze, in order ts give place to the yoimg suckling. A num)>er of years ago the Democracy made tliis am-one who (hail in any manner aid in securing a fugitive slave, and furthermore incapacitates such person from the privileges of voting or hoMing any office of honor or~tioaa;andFROM BALTIMORS.Repulilicait fail to " ring in," as the immortal beaudo justice themselves—/THE SECESSION MOVEMENT. of a "Blaek Republican" President, immediately sislit toned down, after tlie election was over, ajid de-z.we ou^t to think of thefuture,and offuturereme- blush to |commit perjury, and whose detectionwould Southern brethren ?Throughout aU JuiIIo^there breathes,should impute disunion sentiments to it HSmon OF THE IDMWISTBITIOS. there is the fact, heretofore given by me, that Mr. Bd- cbahab assured a distinguished foreigner, who ex- pressed apprehension for the fate of the Unl<m, that andCabinetaIllsfearsweregroundless thatweAmericansareinBiise" between the North and the South ?as a man,andtheSouth,insteadofBnsiiiess here continues terribly depressed. The ple provision ,to sustain its double and tri- ple organs, of various hues, and now the Repub-:verse what has beenrlmiliiare obUged to restrict operations, and are unable todoing scarcely anything. Thebanlu their customers, except to a limitedbeingjoin hex.The Sonthem movement begins to gain consider-ahto sympathy here. I have signiiicant informationttiit tlte Palmetto flag and cockade will, before long,he saeouraged and di^ilayed by Baltimoreans, espe- will be paid. This is just as I predicted. The elec-due theEvery Southern State and some of the North-IIIIhave a particle of common senseTheir ancestors knew the human heart too well, and were too wise and too good to expect, much less to ask, Northern men, unfamiliar with Slavery, andwithheld wliicb isclaim-Stocks are much depressed, largearnuand transfer them to the CapitaL The State has, Ito enforce the ratified." (See Wsbstib's Works, VoL In 3, p. i».)hypotheca- forced to sale at heavy reductions. Con- deneeIs generallyweakening,witharenewedcon- viction tliat South Carolina will certainly secede, wWk increasing probabilities that other States willand cake poesessiou of theat the State Arsenaland wouldother words, it was maintained that the people of such State had not only acceded to the Constitatioa, but they had also ordained, established and adopt- ed it as their form of government This viewof the case the idea Utat the precludeslaws Constitution and Uidon of the States was OiediBy tile defeated Brecldnndgers.The growing nentlmant of Muylanders is to pre-anrc the tJnlon by adjusting ^Acnlties within theNEW-ENGLAND.PUBLIC FEKLING IN THE NEW-KNGLASD STATES—" give nim up," by remanding^m to the custody ofthat the North Is willing, at least, to pay for its philan- thropy in fieeing the negre, and that they do not de- dre the Southern planter to suffer for the loss of hisUnkm ontll no other hope is leftaHarBatfve is to unite with a consolidated South.An Hiy that the North must repeal the odious Per-nsl Liberty laws if she wants the 17nion preserved. jury. I have so often gone over the facts in this case,;Liberal compromises are required.The v^ue of property, tents and everything, isfor the breaches of the Constitutional law, thousands and thousands at the North would have been delighted to enforce it against the -Abolitioniststhe South. Your Idea of the purchase of fugitivetheir clerks on account of the of the stringency«T~<'''g eltned. 'thoroughly investigated fore a Committee of Congress, and the impudence ofwhenever there was occasionbut the South did notTwo millions of dollars should be raised by the Free States each year and paid to the General Government in trust, to settle the au- thenticated demands of the Slave States for run-away negroes. A slaveholder losing a negro should proveiANDof:then thesto.>d when AbolitionismHASSA- stirred up at the North, principally by the conduct of To the Editor of the New-York Timesthe New-York TimesremainingTo the EditorWe wish, through the medium of your paper,noonoed anybody and everybody as calumniators whoALABAMA.what of the crazy of another " suggestionsTheWeonce jection. Weshouldhavenoendtotheclaimsforre-the confrirT conserratire, UaJon-A disti^fniahed Soathern Senator, now in thistitrt mt 00I7 4«ile« the light of nceasioa, but thinkstbat Pnaidat Bveuaajr isat bolt in not giving the encouragement to the spirit of disunion, and having bers. It is an appeal to tlieir courage.as between theaieelves, they willIndeamlfythe aune principle, while navigating the water under the jurisdiction of the United States, I shoold be hi- demnified for lota which increased care andOB the part of the officials might have andidtaetory States to nndeistand at once that the whole powef of the Federal eovemment will be used to sus- tain and preserve Oie Union.The speech of Mr. Ram, in which he says that is the leader of the pack permitted to himt down the Gen. Lasi had tendered the services of himself and Union t Is it possible that the editor of the HeraU isany ques-InSecession,"In InotleetheBoaa to Sonth Carolina in the event of seeeaslon diffi- •oUtea,is beingmnchcommentedoninpoliticalcir-not aware that the President is bitterly hostile to the disunion plotters, and tliat his Cabinet is in perfect unison with liim ? Has the Satanic organ fallen intoUfe!Now we know that such•laahan. _• Stepatch to the Asaeiated Press.Q. contempt, and its editor been banished from Court? If otherwise, bow does he dare persist in giving aidthingsfew bad men, mobs, Ac" And we will notsay that interference with ue prompt and efficient ex-between the several States and, if so, then vftn ;Tlie President liascompleted writingWASHnreroir, Monday, Nov. 10.the ttastes and feelings of every good citizen. The our citlzenB may safely and properly Indulge in anyJudgeWatr,oftheSupremeCourt,has^it isun- derstood, written a letter to a Mend in Washington MTiBgi among other things, that four-fifths of the citi- asBS of Savannah are opposed topermit such outrageousis aoftbe States hasAnd wrliiie it is conceded that noooasecession.!According to an article in to-day's Richmond Du- present by several gentlemen of capacity, and I haveof the Union and that Constitution which hastalnance of this ideailiantliat of afatek, Tbginla can at the present time arm efficientlyabout W,000 men. She has at least sixty bronze and Party. The proprietors expect a very considerable riledHeMpiecesandhowitzers.Acontracthasbeen local5upport,bothinsubscriptionsandadvertisements.fsr S,000 shells and shrapnell, in addition to When the Republican President comes into office this ! purchased with the Farrott guns. Five hundred paper will receive the Government advertising, hands of Supont powder have been purcliased, and valued at five to ten thousand dollars per annum. stand iB magaxlnai built ftir the purpose. The model The law gives tliis advertising to the two city jour- •f • new Tlrgiiiia musket is determined on. Other nals having the largest permanent circulation, and to;gitive Slave Law as it is, or, rather, not interfere withwe say its enforcement by the proper authorities, and our nership does really exist as forming the Union, tlien.\a «f bodyCOBpromlae instantly.Now they know this is trueoneandmadewe are all bound to obey.to thesilencea Cobb and the ComtitutUm, why Is the HereUd, the most imscrupnlons enemy of the Union in the whole country, permitted to keep up the howl? When the little dogs are driven to their kennels, whyStill there are difficaltiee, and to silencetions which may arise in over-cautious minds, it isno interest or moUve to be &lsethe prindiilejnay be extended to Slate, county and town. But tmspiinciple has never been recopiized bytheUnitedStatesorourownStateGovernmentOccasianally damages are allowed—but they are tteand comfort to the Disunionists ?his annual An association of Republicans in this City has beenwith them about the correcmess of this.dispute We do be-lawecution of our laws should be, and is, to repugnantgeneral principles, any State feeling aggrieved, aayformed with a view to the immediate issue of a daily newspaper. It is to be called the National Republican,.and will be commenced on Monday, theLsviB CuPHAjix is to be the publisher, and Bukl & Blanohaks the printers. It will be edited for theof allno doubt that it will be worthy of the of the supportimagination and flatter the vanity of every class ? The action of Alabama is yet quite questionable,own Uvesand Uttle do they know the effect of thefrgeneral ;>art>tcr«U;i or cam^iact be- States. For if it be granted that this part-licans will enter into their inheritance, without sothe secession is to be peaceable, it is re- that Gov. Mooai has ordered the volunteer companies of Montgomery to proceed to Mt Vernon;there to askordained, to unsettle and over-much as *' leave." But the hasAlthough portedthem assaying by yourbountyanyamonginnecontlywhythrow what has been established, to what the rejectpeople have adopted, and to break up what they havereduced witidn a fewbeento Mr. BccBANAH's Administration the annual stipendgreatlvyears past.Priorem States areto the city Press amounted to nearly or quite $20,000 but this subsidy was rigidly restricted to newspapers which support«l Slavery. Dr. Bailit's National Era, though for ten years the most widely circulated jour- nal in the city, could never get a «hiintij of this patron- age. But those golden years of Pro-Slavery journal- ism at the seat of Government have passed awayFugitiveregardappro-if kissing Is to go by favor, in future, it will not that direction.inent time, if these Nortbem States would now each laws making the State pay tlie value of eachof the as people,'"'f-ff"!*'"^firom tteIt is now confidently said that the De Groot claimand if- on tahtaa t idnaMhe BnmghtliefaTe any Judge to test theo f his seizure, and proof of his being a slave was pro- duced, the Judge was bound by the Constitution totion is over, and tills being prot>ably the last grab at the treasury which the parties to it will ever have, they see no reason for further squeamishness. One hundred and nineteen thousand dollars will be taken from the pockets of the people and put into those of the which nolegality a course should note be taken It would diow the Southlobby, upon pretenseswould dare to offer to the consideration of an honestTHE PANIC IN CONNECTICUT cMuSettsthat I deem it unnecessary and out of place to repeat them. But let not the perpetrators of the outrage hope to avoid exposure, if they escape severe punish-to compelbe downward. Produce of all kinds has de- ment. The matter will be be- may acceptableyourmwtxj nominee thus far to the Convention openly SOUTH CAROLINA. mainly among the paper manufacturers, who are feel- help ofingjournalsavowed Us anxiety for immediate secession, while SENTIJIEST OF THE STATE—DNANIMOUS PEELINO ing the present prostration of business severely. The for the Souththe excitement on the subject increases, and full con- fidence prevails that Georgia, Mississippi and Ala- bama will join the Palmetto State.FOB SECESSION.CoiUBBiA, S. C, Friday, Nov. 10, 18«0.;impossibility of negotiating notes has compelled sev- of ten dollars to every Cominhisioner or Judge whohis loss before a Federal officer in ills own State. keep up excitement among the people. Thefr labors,'enterprises until light dawns through the present every portion of the State, and I have yet to meet thet)ear herevery man must know. And we ask, what law could amount not tie needed, it would be easy and pleasant«apitaIs'to-day.final stronghold, with our own St Lawrence.On the line of the Western Railroad we passed, per- haps, two dozen factories. Most of them are still nm- ning. People getting in and out ot the cars exchanged the times, in most of which a nomeansAnti-objectionablethe United States Courts when alaw should arise sameto those State laws objectionable to the South. Con-throughsure the enforcement of the law as it is, will be for advertisement of our goodsBberty.poles,cheerful Republican.UNION.vationsofaUsensiblemenwill tell themthatnaughtFROM SOUTH CAROLINA. Chaxuston, S. C, Monday, Nov. 19.Districts this week to nominate candidates for the Con-of Southern threats Southern menwould come here, and if we refused to assist them In your issue of theIt is a little remarkable that others did not hear you suggest plan the rumor, and the question arises, who first started itlag upon leaving for New-York to-day.The report that Mr. Bochasan is going to make theThey are very foolish, because they were unnecessa-joke.There is nothing of interest transpiring in Southernofaction, and pledged himself to go as far as he whonial. Whenwrongslieved the Fugitive Slave Law unconsdtutlonal in itsstitutional would be excluded fromFROM GEORGIA.AoansTA, Ga., Monday, Nov. 19.propercase under thePolitical matters are quiet to-day, with the excep- tion of the ealisting of Minute Men, the erecting ofThat the people of South Carolina are in earnest inthis matter there can be no shadow of a doubt, andthat she will be joined or materially aided by the restofthecotton-growingStatesisequallycertain. Theyhoot at the idea of any interference from the presentAdministration at Washington, and openly proclaimtliat the first act of their Convention will be to sp.nd a tile interests, is very quiet. The banks are strong, became a dead letter.but we deem it a duty t<»;and such matters.It is rei>orted that Stirling exctmnge was offered atSavannah to-day at par without purchasers.pealof these laws, and of the vile features of the Fugitivehis andhistalentstobetteruses. Theobser- put penFROM LOUISIANA. Niw-Oblxams, La., Monday, Nov. 19.laws,en the 10th ofOCR OWN COKRESPONDENCE.amid times like the present There are a ever ar"e caught and re"turned under its provisions ; but if slave-catchers demand the asxiytance of• We cannot un<lerstand why tlie majority of the mercial world, whose pulsations it should be our! OMtNIOH —Abolitioni.'.ts,December^gratifyinggreat many jobbing firms at Hartford, doing largeof the North are not so much sovereign people ag-earnest wish to keep equable and true, as all the best-•CBZ FSXSISEHT AND BIS CABINET A UNIT AGAINSTgrieved as the South, concerned.FROM WASHINGTON.A DAILYBETUBLICAN NEWSPAPERsecession.They say thatcontain suggestions to tbe Puriv in regard to the mode of CJncili-AT WASHINGTON-7-THE SB OBOOT CLAIM. Washhiotoh, Saturday, Nov. 17, 18*0.writer would never do it, let the penal consetiuences be what they would. Do Southern men ask why ? The answer is, not only because of the above feeling, but because tlie slave, in escaping, does just what I would do myself; just what his master would do if he was inple, as expressed by the Fugitive Slave law.the Soutli-just now mad uponSecesfion.-cation experiment of Johb C. Caihodb. The Presi-worse than useless to the South;dent islaid d»vra In this celebrated State paper, as well asSlates 01 quoteLet the Ihrald and others of the Anti-Republican papers,giving especialsK-eAU the public speakers that I have heard here agree and its vicinity during the past fortnight for the pur- wrong and ineffectiveby—laws only injurious to tue Re-to its He history.denies a statementwhich was have been re-,tive law belped forward their causethe States, members of the Union, arc no longer regardeUforth some years ago, and which cently repeated, that the old herothe now raging feelingcanted the toshowthathestoodthat the severance willteachingsofby them to the last.two ! Or has that since the faUuie «( hisgive FRONT-STREET.FROM THE NORTH AND SOUTH.from service, there seem to me many and insu- cape withcolumns daily with editorials which are a,i o Ted to areravate rather than quiet the unfotoded<«ne to beUeve that thethe game ofbrag.^hea, some week,that the people of South Carolina are arrayed against the party who put him in the position.butThewTong;ened disunion oftacoLs'selection. Several; chiefly, among otherliability to abuse. Hence, in our Post tions,whilstourGovernmentactsthepartNow what have nine States of the Union done butto sustain this liiiepen« iteelanUnn T7 T^ ^"principles,Neui- York Timesrecent article upon the subject of""maypressedFugitiveICanhe be ignorant that Mr. for the laat month orIn *U the pubUc speechesvitupcraUon agahist the North. A« a feneral thmg perfect level to the flaggingw ho es-ever dreamed of being a candidate for theattention to the principlesas to excite retaliation State laws:di»thi«uishedattempt to frighten thede- of Mr. LniooL.1,objections to your a lew of which, plan,—any repug- State has(iiiiiiirUielrmay repentedand if Jhe South desires to know Aoir the Republican Party has been created and Thus much in the mercantile way. As for the rest helped forward to a political triumph the Southernthe South,and soprovokedand re- the Proclamation, and is ablebut there are wise men even;byit themselves. EQUITAS.THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.their sovereispicorporateIhiir sooeignties as were re-at once correct these misrep- resentaUons. And as to Mr. Li.vcoi.x'8 desigus, toesefuncttonary ^,uiei North^have been calm and dignified, but cided. Nothing harsh has been saidperableyour permission,the principle of making the GovernmentW.first man who is not infavor of immediate separateState action. Meetings have been held in most of the when the issue comes to this, that they must sacrifice indignation. It was expected by thousands that in To the Editor of the New-York Times :gloom.vention, and so far as heard from the very first men It is rumored that the people of this city intend in tlie State have been selected. Ex-Gov. Adams to present Capt. Beret, of the steamship Columbia, heads the ticket in this, the Ricliland District, and in irith a gold-headed cane, for hoisting the Palmetto the Anderson District Hon. Mr. Orb is on the ticket Up to the present time Col. Osa has been a consisteiU opponent of secession, but in a speech he made la^ attempt to coerce the South is generally regarded as a night, in front of the Congkree House, tie openly avowed himself in favor immediate separate Statethe of ths principlesRepublicanParty, and say thatduced at the North a Wide-spread, deepandabidingputStock Exchange. This fact I have from one of themost bankers at who has remitted This is known to every Northern man who knowsintelligent Hartford,down $MI,000 for the account of one individual.Harrington, fine scenery and Philai's tables at Pitts- field, at Springfield unrivaled dinners, although the•misledThe em-by Mr. Bdchahas on this leave no doubt thattopic in bis forthcoaing message, and that he wiU re- and that our glorious Umon will rise, PhcenU-likephatic subjecttution in the niimeafpeople, liCCOTiiingWdesire to know. Letdeclarations madeton-growingStates will have the grievances of whichstate aoveriiment.-<rut"h"e<"i::hote de- printed speeches, to which,iterate the sentiments and doctrines of the tion wttiunrt qualification.What may be regarded as morewith no star in thethe admira- and the terror of despo-much moreThan all the nonsense of their stonesttlaliotts and Laies of the several States, and an at-own peculiar negro suffrage,Beoha»a» declares that hispromenadingtherights ofall the other States, and a violation of plainsupportSrly and honestly or may know ofrepresentqnesUon of seceesionCobb has been a Secessionistmade here during the week, and there have been many, I find very UtUearid paratmhoeuCnotnstitution the United States. obey ofthespeakers«m people into the uapport of Buckikubs, ? 1 in- the Presidentelect. It is not so much against himwhichauthority, either by an act of ordinary legislation, or by arv I'his will do more to allay the bitterness thereSeoKtary was onlyour Govern- or States,its ulthin the terrttori'il operationthe bumhig lava now issuing from the long pent- up elements of disunion..nddvQ war, as theofficeofcommon violatetheConstitutioninptoymgatsuchaprincipleshouldberecognizedbyMCTOAL and reasons, owing to iissuspend jurisdiction of the State."uponBut these I'm/ kind suggestions smell very muchThis city appears to be the very hot-bed of the Secessionists, and although the excitement is not so high as it was a week ago, there is plenty of it in allvinced that he is not a slave, and under his oathlegitimate way,to abateunnecessary alarm,andbandwould go furthest in defending his native State fromfurther on the of the North. wrongs partand hateful features, hadto to only appealclaimant, and he was rescued, make the State In which he was rescued liable for the value of him, inwill dothe coiumns of leading journals that we ad- dress this contradiction to you. It is a rare thing for us to appear in the public prints, except thrxmgn aabuildings,equallymuch, exceptingcarriage manufacturingdomestic tranquility, provide for the common defence, the welfare, aiid secure the biessiuijs;;with five-fold power, men accustomed to the meagre totals of a sparsely settled country.removes this argu- ment from the ludicrous, especially when, to this greatThird,onlystrong,firm,;gogiven uplawyertheSouth. ThenaFugitiveStavelawbecameneces-andThe latest advices from South Carolina say that this fraud wUl be brought to light. OBSERVER. are most prominent. My acquaintance lies care for it They insisted upon a law, (and by thebrought of labor.Commuanon to Washington for tileGov.UooxEwillconvenetheLouisianaLegislature ingupaccountsandmakingafinalsettlementwith fullyatrestandunalarmed,ismostconservativeand gitiveLaw"isInallitsforce.-Moreslavesthanof cast-the United States. Although many in the North think tills is all braggadocia, there are some who do not, forown minds on the terms 01as Sullivan's Island was ceded to the United States bythe State for the purpose of building a fort to protect Charleston harbor, the Federal Government will have toFu-no later than Tuesdayceived a letter from a resident .of your City, applying for the position of Consul at New-York.oM^sThe wise ones here have already settled in theirbusiness at homehouses amounting to a million and a half each, per annum. None of these firms have failed, or are likelyso far at least as their honor is It is an insult to the sovereign people of the Unitedno further use for it when she ceases to collect duties at Charleston, and she can then transfer the island back to the State, the latter paying a fair price forof Hartford, with whom I conversed an hour or two,•The only way to prevent this calamity is for the the people 01 tlie North, especially the Republicans for to come together in masses,purposeand the influence of eleven millions of capital peace- /n its necessary and proper sections,week Gov. Gist re-;it.Most respectfully, THOS. R. PRICE * CO.1 leam from a reliable source that PresidentBcoHAiMS not only condemns the doctrine of seces-don,bntthat he stands by the Proclamation of Gen.jAOKSoa, Issued in December, 1832, against the nullifi- are talked of by those who think that States and Em- at New-Haven, which is largely dependent upon intents and purposes&c. Otherpires can be handled and arranged with the same ease and facility as chessmen.interest blame him a particle. For these reasons, the objec- tionable sections of tlie Fugitive law are dead to allas nicearrangementstheSouthern collections.Nearly two millions of dollars have left HartfordcoLS the necessity of stating his policy plainly andDIAKIHITT OF BBNTIMBNT W—WHAT HAS OACBED IT—BXPXCTAnOHB OF had a Missouri CompromiseCompro-isliable tothesameoIhthe appearsTwoMoineoanT, Ala., Tuesday, Nov. U, 1880.days ago there was in tliiscould rob us of Kansas, they repudiated their own Iregular Constitation, whietbTHB PEOFLB.and reasonable but It ;rights,ought on thethink of it :But having seen the tolly and wickedness of giving the misconstrued doctrines of its most violent mem- not let a slave testify in a Court of Justice. They will not hear his story wider oath, even wliere he has andyetwithout oath, they will torture him under the lash until he Is compelled to tell some kind of a story—a thousand26th instant.antipathies;but if censuring a sister Southern Statetlirong,which seems bandedagainst them,is addedOnlyvigilance prevente<^—You are aware that Gov. Mobai has at length de- cided that the Convention shall meet on the same daydesire justice to tie done them tliey must be ready tomade so the terms of the Constitution itaelt Tha bypowers delegated to the Federal Government weteaet delegatedbytheStates,butbythepeopleactingiaikeir capacity as legislators. The whole questttm was elabo-to the extent of hearing us at MWJ1BB8KCOHDIPBISSIII—OHASACTSBOFTHB HicKHASwouldsay,underthefirsthead,itwillhard- withthatofSouthCarolina,the8thofJanuary. The anyrate. Andif theyaskwhyafewoftheNorth- emolumentwithinthe6tate/orev«r.delay is doubtless to give time to meditate plans ofem States have enacted " PersonalTo the Editor of the Neu>-York Times :action,formind is in the liigheat state of excitement, and the most absurdbelieve, 40,060 standof arms. Thepublicunjusttwo since the whole city was astir with the informationrumors are afloat and gain credence. Onlydarspassed" boat*arerapidlytransferringpersons of those wlm by any overt act attempt to carry it into exeeutian.ARMONCK.A CARD FROM A RICHMOND HOUSE. A JX78T BXBTIE:!.Richmond, Va., Saturday, Nov. 17, ISM.tHilLHUUDnnij 1—^~t'" f" — rtoMobile. "*BRECK.tobea slaveand intheState. Itsoch runaway livingFATOR OF BBCX88I0IIi!spiritaccording No,Sfr,itIsthepresehtAdministrationwhichisatfanlt ItistoowaaktoH^ttlaat Scdmtiws ¥7 PrNriBent onable vein, up to the day of election. Fourthly, SUtes in the North. The result proved their hopes " tlitnk on the things of others" as well as their own. his slaves ; your proposition, allow me to say, offers a President elect. jthere is the stubttom fact that Mr. Cobb still holds on groundless, and we now have the reaction. There are many very ugly facts for each pai;ty to look premium on thefr escape. As the law now is. It is only Let us, then, the sovereign pet^le, whether Morfli .pel* to the Treasury keys, after the luppenlng of the con- A Northerner, who is accustomed to canvass prac- full In the bee if they will hope to understand each by trouble and at an expense that the fugitive ts re- or South, be patient a Uttle limgeir- Let ae wait and tiageney which was to Bake him a traitor. I hare tical difficulties, and recognize the authority of busi- other—to asy poipoae but to their own injury. turned. But under such a law as you propose it would see bow our future President will act We oumivaa too much respect for his sense of honor to believe ness interest, will not perhaps tie able to understand The Seath begins to talk about exacting of the be for tile interest of the owner of any fractious or feel assured that he wlU do everytiiing that is rightvi^rnt n«ns tdsi of tie imEi tlut he would continue under the obligatlonB of his the motives which could influence tlioa^tfiil men— North a repeal of a few State laws called " Personal troublestme slave to allow such a one toesc^ie, according to tlie Constitation.sustained, great many tiOB,butthatweknowhowtotakeitallbackwhen daythewholeclassarewiththelostarts,oranythtog themthantheyofus,—anddotheythinkusfools? (wecannotsayhowmany)wouldbepaidforbytliethe contest is over. This shows that he a^redated else utterly past and forgotten. The explanation U What surety can, they give that they will not break Government at and even four times their,was hi a state of civil that war,New-Yorkthe Tubs and TaisuHi buildings had been burned,"—thatand that the Custom-house was in the hands ofance the Fugitive Slave Law, would it not go fartowards conciliating the Southern feeling at ttie pres-City"that is, that no North- 'Union" men. The river has risen and the large^i a itmwe so takenpass to his who oe claimed andnegro master, may provenStates is in the treasonableNxw-YeEX, Monday, Nov. 19, 1860. and Central Connecticut To know the prevailingsary, rightI have"of a fair basis of settlement lictween the North and that T. R. Paicx 1: Co., and others, had dischargedfeelingpenaltiesslaves meets thejustof the business communities of each sectiontion, as there were no penaltiesto some ofexigency,times,"readers. Berkshire County is largely engaged in manufac-the cottonwoolengoods, •*tures, among which those of iron, paper,see this, or thefr pohticians and demagogues did notandand only that, but offering a britie no{eral important concerns to suspend,—among whom I would turn a black over to his claimant, and allow- may mention Platnzr & Smith and Mat & RoazBi, both ing him only five dollars if, after trial, he is con-to the troubles of the times and pondents, magnifyof Lee. Work has been discontinued at several other;declare their full adhesion tofeels constrained to. let him go!Now this is the whole'The two millions lie raised dfrect taxation all of the great energies of the lever which they con-but the South Lee an old and wealthy Company,byof each State. New- Yorkbills to extra or reoeal those laws. ought paydischarged operativesto the whole North ? As might have l>een expected, these two odious features of the FugitlTe law pro-litiertyI think few Repubhcans would object to a bargain so eminently fair. S.lude, in one paragraph gives it as mere rumor, and in the following one says, that upon inquiry, be found there was no foundation for itit comes to starving Freedom out of the North, Berkshire will divide the honor of being herjury.) If theshort remarksuponfeeling prevailed, byoneofherlaws. And hasnotthewhy validityvise this getter up dispatchesveryHartford, the centre of large banking and mercan-Slave Lawcause the test was not worth its trouble ; for both, orlaw.to and their ;paper readilycent, atbut who would feel worse than dis-States ingeneral3b the Editor of;Some of the papersRepubUcan "and West—the sales of some theNorthern men, thousands may flatly refuse themyet tliey have no <Iifficulty in getting help enough, for there are thou.-aiids here w ho have no objection to theinterests of the nation are dependent upon CONCILIJITING THE SOUTILthey were therewereaninsult and, for a while, a bugbear to the North, and so offen-that now or never is the time for the State to act, and pose of investment in cash stock at the New-York pudlican causeact she most assuredly will. The glorious fabric erected by the Revolutionary fathers will most prob-surprisingly.m ciples and designs of the RepubUcan Party,anytliing about it beofshortduration,^neyearnestlyhopethattheCot- thetravelerintheseregionswillfindgoodaleat politicians,theycanbeeasilytold,iftheycannotsee(-apaeities,as sur- theyably be torn asunder,here who have stroag hopesthere let these ;—papersthey complain redressed—that all tangled questionsit will form a prominent will be settled to the satirfaction of both sections— cookery is too rich atown supremacyand thatofthe laws customed to refer those who«urpdeln^ still Cabinet is a unit on' thisthe amplehav e been as beautiful as it Is spacious had not thewnatProclama- from the ashes of secession,"——or annul an trsof the (General Oovemment, an infringementMrUonaf all lovers tism.ofideal," causeway Main-street,and the white, relatively.In aUiey afreadybright galaxy dimmed,t^ let them word,knowago, he threat- people of .*^outh Carolina complain of the princi-SCBEMXB FOBCOMPROMISEnecessary resultsples of tlie Republican Party, not against the leaderastlieyhavedone, as ex-like Southern powder tbedesireofsomehonorablewayofextricatingtbe Secessionists from the dilemma into which their rash-who has been chosen to carry out tliosePf^ideot. that his Cab- tion not to remain Iri the L'nioji ^vhile Mr. Limcolndenying,Slave law ? And^T^^ti•wf(la^ct,^, ,i°that the ron.i,/,,/,^ no,... _,Yourfor runaway slaves interested me muchpaying but unlessTMi,the remittances they cover,oPl>oslng secession.I'tie IiiaAlers of the *fce-^siou juove-as much -Mr. Li.ncois to doand Uve for liberty,ages:circumstances rovi„. ""'•"^«» go""'' ^""^ '« this and for this rta«>u ihi.y are firm in tlicir determina- To the Editor of therules ITS (le'itinic- .ComtituUon newspaper, wi.irh'.lc uieiit opi nly pr-.claim that they 1-vtk -ipcn ili.^ elec- the foreign Slave-trade is stopped, they will soon be- no endfor are we not boiind by the Constitution as the South?Second, is1,and de-to the claims for lo-.s by .uis-arriage ^ylay of time; besides which, it would he impo^s;Die to anticipate tlie innumfiat.ie cafes of iuicc-sful •i.'ylThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069South,^""^ '^^^ -he iiMti randidau' in the • Cotton States" that I fear the "^"'"'e ca^,ip..ign. tn.;-. .i:e tion cfttio Itei.iiti u> '.he Prc.-Mr.jry a- come =0 cheaprTJiT """""w•Cltli »caJd njl una o.jgii-. r.ot to :^,n;i to the xu.eiiB i.V'.u^e'i t.tci„ia'.Iu]i f-f w\ir .'ikjh l.'iC ii.-.:; utiuii^ -.'fi^!r.vi.-ticei'.inE States would iay souc unJi rgr-junjHartford,Eve" at the Atheniuum, and many of nature's Evesthereto, and of treaties made these transfer papers*State toIS'ationai Legislature is a direct usurpation of the pou^1rip€ and realTo the Editor of the New-York TimesWhilst some of your Southern coteuiporari»smention hut to ridicule your proposal for reraunera- "Uon by the General Government to the owners of fu-tempt by anyabrogateacttheUie social positionofcokrcdofwidest city thoroughfare on the Continent, and wouldCouncil uprooted the old elms In order toagitive slaves for the full value of such slavesFrom this declaration of the supremacy of the Con- stitution, Laws and Treaties of the United Slatesarises the Courts Justice duty of of toof State Constitution lawbefore he which he stiU instead ofCity—80DTHEBNODTRAGES,*C. BILLSPresidency, and to adheres,BETTERS1 willlawa fundamental law, 10 declare void a law of the Unitednow sliakfrig that section of the Confeder- rauiiig than a thousand Republican manifestos poured!declare voidA NEWOEOUSDB OP COMPLAINT—PEBSONAL LIBERTY mentand when the Sodth had gotthefrpartof the bargain, and they thought theymuneration sustainedmany of which would beIs very evident there would not be wanting those who sured by Us election. That election was a wouldclaimremunerationforlossesneverenfinoe thethe game Mr. Cobb was playing, hot sufTerad it to go easy. A large class of men were confident that the the next Compromise, the moment they think it will ] actual value. Again, as the Uw now is, it is for the cy of the National Government and our only hop* on, as he suffered Ids organ to rant In the same treas- Fusion ticket would carry one or two prominent be for their advantage ? They must remember to interest of the slave-owner to prevent the escape of for redress lies in tlie future Admloistratlon of theofficial oath while actoally plotting treason. for all are not fire-eaters here—whose interests ofliberty laws"—else they will all go out of the Union !knowing tliat then he would be remunerated for theLet our Son&em bretlven in particular, reiaemher thato"nrglaionsCmistitatian basforovarhalf a«eB- tury aocomplished most etfectaally and haopily tJieXvery patriot will rejoice at the honorable poaitioB property are all inwoven with those of the to Nortli,Do they not know tliat Congress has no power towhich the Preslaent has taken, in wtSeh, as I learn, advocate the cause of secession. In the first place. It make any State repeal a law of its own ! And do they for. 8un>osing the slaves to be acquainted with such a peat ends for which it was ordained," andletus t&dabt, prior to the dectlon, in permittliig a CaUnet offi- many, who can see worae than the nothingcer, his Washington organ, and his semi-official New- money panic, overlook. But the" Willthey do, they have the folly to forget Qiat Nerthem which men are Aiade of flesh, blood and bont, as well as" Go North to Canada—the Government willprice to your owner—no one will trouble you afterpeace aad harmony, with motnal concess&ms on etther Me,right now, theory,during the remainder of his term aliall correspond with his words, he may yet hope to carry with him to the shades of Wheatlaul a modicimi of his country's respect.majorltlee whichimpress,South, anyalmost daily breach of the Constitution, and of every law, human and divine, in their treatment of innocent Northern men, redding or traveling anumg them ?;Then join in band, brave Americans all. By nniting we stand, by dividing we laD.Yours, respectfully,A TRUE iREPUBLICAN.CAN ANY STATE SECEDE FROM THEDNIOKT To the Editor of the New-York Tisnee :PoaTOHItTBa,Saturday,Nov.!•,IgtO. reading your article, headed "The Bight ofspiritbi the Free this law would States," say"Party, electiongetday never come when we shall see" oar doriaasaigumenf yeu kt a slave topay your than to be at variance with one utbther.praiaatthe themselves. What Southern State will repeal anytreason, was certainly very reprehensible. But he is North ; The enormous majorities of the Republican law under any soch ttaraat from the North t Will the to tbein--«ad to Canada would if"United we stand, divided we fall ;" and thatTork organ, the Herald, to pander to the^B orimov OT A DiameviBHiD bouthisn all In at least and If his actions in the lateof silencesevery question is,maytftiVIdies for existing evils. If remedies there are. But be almost an 1conduct andproposal of the United States a grand Mutual Imwrance Company, and this North, (a favorite theory which is unquestioned,) Northerner, against whom they can fina no other evi- is just what they are not They are united and then he is a doomed man. If he escapes for mutual protection,—not mutual Insurance,—andto-day's issue, following; "decided that it is to be a ptaceful secessionwar, if it comes, is to be among the operatives of thewhile free-trade is to be opened with England and dence nearlfiinvolves the r«-; that theLiiierty laws," we answer th^ those foolish laws were passedUnder the above headhaveadiscussed asWebstib, in one of Ills ablest speeches in the UnitedNorthern doughfaces," imposed It upon us,) making us all, as tar as possible, "nigger-catchers"meaning and intent of the law, or it means notliingare said to be preparing for a resumptioa anti any other application of it is absolute nonsense, wouldMany laborers and mechanics in Baltimore arefeeing discharged, and manufacturers are curtailing conscience. The State Agriculturaloperations. There is no disposition to enter into new throngs of people into town during the week from The Republican cause has lost no ground even the Congress possibly pass more degrading and insulting to reduce the tax. Slates that /have passed personal together. The writer of the piece to which we al-mills,Fair lias corporation,according to thecheerfully largethe land, and knitpursuancelet business interests slide. It must be remembered In catciiing their slaves, we should be sent to State to avoid the execution of thetheir liberty of suffrage to business interests, they willthat nobody starves in^Berkshire County. These Prison under that law14th inst.aSlave law. and laiiored to itgive cfrculation,rude misshapen hills, and barren valleys, for the most part overspread with rocks, and cooled by gray mists,ject,selves,creatingandCharity is abundant, and the benevolehce of the many conlict with a United States law that is itself constitu-nourishamore than we were when the piece was surprisedenduring people. wealthy residents of the county is ample and peren-brave, abstinent,ry,and clearly unconstitutional and void when theyand the natural consequence was that a majority of some State Legislatures, in theirThat plan mayworkwouldawe must declare that no one could have beentional,all of thesein their odious andCAUSES OF SOUTHERN DISTURBANCE. W^AT ARE THE GROUNDS OP COMPLAINT.New-York, Friday, Nov. 16, 1860. TotheEditoriftheNew-YorkTimes:sells at 12® 15while such of it as is known at the discount graced forever by engaging in such business. The(w hether North or South) that idne States of the Union should have violated the Constitu- tion and set at defiance the will of the sovereign peo- For is over theWhat is the preamble of the Constitution ?the Neu- York limesperhomebouses in New-York commands nearly as quick cur- rency as our best mercantile names,A manufacturer residing a few miles east wealthy.;accoimts of the stability of the business in- the same place juid if, in my attempting to arrestgave good he should run me the heart, I could not terests of the State, none of which are likely to suffer him, through"'We, the people of I'iie United States, in order to w ho voted LiscoLS,form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure issue addresses to the South, and urge upon Mr. Lia-,but tronble and mischiefcome,this,'• Bartholemew's THE PROPOSAL TO REMUNERATE SLAVEHOLDER FOB THE LOSS OF PCOITITE SLAVES.fr.s-PEOP1.E.nant totheSupremeaEilStions:carriers,and safe delivery of letters, howeverUntitled Document:and theremedy is applicablethe State where owned. But whatmore to in-;;fairly.''pofromote togoeunresrealvesandourposterity,doordain Butamoreeffectualremedyis.mostrespectfully;very well,—with more than any other tliat could be divined. If Iwas to suggest any alteration in the present law, it would be to give the fugitive the trial by jury. (Of course any juryman that believed the law to be uncon-theunless it be for thealone ofcan never force those States to repeal those fa;rwes,s any more than it can force South Carolina to re-Northern men, and bsltaocpklsyaniclhorisngfrom the North. If a Norstho-p ernmanviolatestheirlaws,punishhiin,butdoit byand others now to do so, and we would ad-;;\by rightfugitivelovingsive for theirbehig apprehen- contrary to be reas-—with the other States." SecessionFrance. It is decided ttiat the Government being himg, he may well thank God for the rest of bii beneeititthedutyof Government to enact and en- fui«l to obey any law of the Federal Congress." Theseforce all necessary and proper laws which this prin- propositions would seem to an admission that of and implytimes moreto be ftdse than trueof somemakes the Government andpeoplelanguage;What is secession ? It is a withdrawallikelyfrom die Union—a termination of the" partturokipbonds for the cotton, and provide for its salein Europe. If necessary, it is hinted that LoiJis Na-pouiox will be invited to find a new ally on tliis side Southern papers and Southern Coogressmen, upon "a the tastes and feelings of a neat many; permitmeto agreement in the nature of a compact or portan-jki^willgiveof the water. It is decided that Charleston shall bethe New-York of the South, through which the com-merce of the old world will flow. Iron will be with- lieve that there are thousaiids and thousands act creating the Fugluve Slave Law has providedlsuit- rightfully withdraw from the compact or partaership. out tariff, English goods cheap, the money market among the slaveholders who are too good able officers for Its enforcement While these officers Now, it seems to me that the use of the term "part- easy. Is it strange that the picture of a great South- and true to do such things ; but such men are not interfered with in the discharge of thefr duty nership" as applied by you to the bond of our Union,em Republic, freed frvm the interventions and dis-turbances of Northern Abolitionists, and shipping itscotton peacefully to the old world, should grow on the them—some at any rate ^who try to prevent them— same heinous crime,* what shall become of our lovebreaches there areperversion.? be- been thus tested before this Simplyat a time likeimproper parts,the "andsport of chasing down negroes, who are not popular withus. Still,therearethousandsherewhoarenotthey were of no useequally whiie the offensive parts of the Fugi-mention,or, perhaps I should say, it is not possible thatareciple protection mutual interest demands. As the States of this ifnion were held together by aa charged, by to the Fugitive Slave Law, you say it is repugnant toand for mutual State counsel. Still it is favor-able. Mr. Yancxt, in his siieech a few evenings since, in anger at the outrageous and aggressive conduct of reUevInghinted also that a Convention of all the Southern the South, and at the vile features of the Fugitive slave, and at the same thne conciliate the South by of his argument Mr. Wmna usedso verdantthe Fugitive Slave Law is odious to the free North, we can tell them plalidy In a single paragraph."negro catchers" for the Sonth. Their ancestors, therefore, were perfectly content with the constitutional provision that fugitivefreedomwhom do not care to see free. theyprejudiced against it to becomenegroesslaves should beem man,,ldEowingly, should keep a runaway slave in hishouae, or otherwise, so as to prevent his masterwill SttlK, aad that the act of secession by any one or more of thetaxing him;inis masterthan wasproperty in the slave.that of — Congressand so the law—a" " tiigher lawUNION. Nzw-YoBK, Saturday, Nov. 17, 1860..and —because some Abolitionists As a warm Republican, and constant reader of properbriefly to call attention to a notice which has appeared returned from Western Massachusetts would not oliey that "higher law" of the Constitu- the TiMKE, I take great interest in the establishment in one of the journals of your City, (the Herald,) viz rafi^edthem. Then, if the Fugitive law had only affixed severe;evetyin the their corres- great cities, tliroughin the first place, insurers ispart anyorof the larui, and nois;trol toevery section by commercial bonds the more closelyregula-it does not undertake to i/wiirf the prompt the authority of the National Governmentalmost and indicate exhausted,valuable because there would bebein theereign people at the North are justness has led them. Or is his agencyimpossibility. remedy yon proposeqieeches ofUnion,peaceandonharmony. Thus ^tetwo,three,rigiitfolsnprama-fugitive at abetter price than he couldhopeto sell himexception,nottherule. Thetruthis,thisand—nobly and bravely, perhaps, to the hazard of their scribed the limit of all law ? Let us enforce our pFrue- tween theany right positionsecede, yet upontobe committed;yet —many among for nullification, we of the North are to the practicethe central or cotton portion wiU favor secession, the' conduct upon the hearts of RepublicansSouth (both populous,) will probably oppose it But and many like them, the great mass of Republicans we of the North, whilst allowed our natural antipa- have lieen taught to believe that the Constitntion ofOie thies and will better maintain our character;Northernorgrainraisingsection,andtheextreme nothingofAbolitionists. Onaccountofsaclkmen, Southernfriendswillhavelesscauseofcomplamt,and therighttosecedenecessarilyfollows. Now,Sir,I.the effect of a blind and contagious enthusiasm can- cannot feel it in their hearts to do the South the least for consistfeneclyin,gsa,nd demonstrate beyond cavil that United States was not a compact or league or partner-not be anticipated. The decision of Taos. Watts, a unjust injury,prominent and very popular leader «f the Bell party, ever. Wewill exert a strong influence for secession in the South for breaches of the law on their partM. H. B.by any law or course of conduct what- listen, therefore, to the excuses of thewe are citizens. Union-loving, law-abidingVery respectfully, yours,•The law recently passed by the Massachusetts Legisla-ship between the several States, but that it was a su- preme law established, ordained and ratified by the PEOTU of the several States. It is true that the Statesand they,if they with to be heard, must listen to us. If they ture provides a heavy fine and imprisonment for any as such, are independent sovereignties, but they were;you the North fromplanlong agoas theyear1833" No State isNot a bit if they are disposed to think justly and seems fafr that a quid pro (/uo should be given for ground tliat ."he and other States iiave done nothingStates would be held for purposes of counsel, though Slave Law. Are they surprised at tills language ? giving an equivalent to the master. The proposition guage only the extreme States would withdraw.and ifareproperty ing itjustlywilling, 'however,partySlavepriation by Congress of one million or more of dollars as an tax on as would for theand 1 suggest the follow- ing as practical iiints in the possible carrying intotc.It does seem to us that the whole country is suffi-statute of tillscompromise.cently excited,and the businesscommunityofThis officer should certify the fact to the Governor ofthe State, who, once a year, might forward to Wash-ington a list of these claims, with the proper proofs.we should think, would be directed, in every fafr andthe South to Imprisoningourselves of from Richmond tonot the National Government Slates ?supremeaiingThe Ilirald, tor enample, says;might populationpurposeanger, passed very foolish " Personal Liberty Bills." be attended with difficulties though, perhaps, not panic and unsettling public confidence ? For our-"rhose laws were not our " Two remedy.never make a and with those who be- right ;"shown nant orus this angrymorning by;indig-loss ofslaves.tled forever. Better to live in could poislbly be held out to them to escape than this. togethereverfor consideration, merely liesist from tlie Government should Indemnify the for the motto, Pluribus Vnum," turned into 2V)t homte*.^'they go. Again, planterE "share. Should thisFugitive but I thinkand with what oti-itand in nomood, but rather in a spirit of true con- cern that such reckless surmises should be indulged jury decided the fugitive to be the property of the in by anonymous scriblers, and given publicityLibertyand estabUfh this Constitution of the Uiiiied America." now(we"By the terms of the coiiipa.'t Duer's Outlines of the Con'^Iitutloii)andrendered such portions of NuUonal lioMrnment."nuisite for the purposes ol'•FromilienatireofthecasetheNationaland maybeveryeasilyascertainedbyreferencetohisbe coequal. The Consti- I understand, he 13 ac-clarer'made in pur.'.uanceunder the authority of the United S'ates over the Con-columns his views upon the righU of individual States to regulate theirthe obligation of its members, toMr. Lincoln's ^ews, as expressedsuch violaUon as thetut .^hat h.is tiie clciticn of4MIBWproposed thereturning fugitive States Senate In replyto Mr. Calbods. In the coarse the following lan-Law,them, they payofAs individual Northern States havewliichhave,to all intents andpurposes,set at defi-partaersliip»theratelybyDAHxai,to must restthe main- some otherat liberty to secede, on tite but accede. She must show that she has a right to re-result of a compact or league, orbut conveys very clearly the more correct idea thatour Government is foimded the consent uad uponsectionunauthorized efforts ofttiis kind upon the part of lead-sufficiently harrassed,withoutgratuitousproduce quiet throughoutsubmitted—and one altogether practicableas wliich have by their misrepresentations of the prin-ofor^he peoplea friendcanof heralding the fabrications of scribblers (for thefr name is legion) from one part of the country to an- other, as it can produce no other effect, and is in- tindeil to produce no other, but to inflame the public mindandunnerve-thatgreatpublicheartinthecom-into thefrinstituUon^the Fugitive Slave Law.we the sov-as much aggrieved matter disinterested and gratuitous ? It is extremelyin this doubtful, however, whether the Republicans will, aton Puf«.] [Concluded, Eighti www.fultonhistory.com.-/ 