.passed throughthecity.positivelydo, though— preliminarytoitspractice thatthiswasac-'^iBWiM ftothei idjiniined the hearing of defend- threatens the of theis rives, to mediate between the belligerents, and Union, appre-definite actiontakenthereon.Among.a'rJt nt ;in andof the exiledAlgiers.'spend any money either.according-«MriBCairf«T«atec-PciMgiveness.diplomacy obi:gatioBswhUe he is Very oppositej^^utmn of •»«'J ^ ^_^„ .__- t*r CaUAnlB. «TomroKCauvobxia,deaignedComanches respect treaties and wolves 'kill exchange ratifications With KvaaiABS aal Hwasha-sheep no more then the oath of a Black Be- BA, who bad returned from Shangal for the purpose. pours forth its scorn upon the Christian Gen- elevation of the standard of medical edoo^on eveiy land holder and miner in Califorab; aadtaOoKlB SpanWi lawrtm, CalUocaU, Oragoo, Wub- t^l(a,BrittBh CotaaMkmdte Sudwlch Iilutedent'sletter to the to havetteen Empenir'wasds-Ike. ali^nMiii^:;— l^mnidentified with punctilioas accuracy in the dis- ohaigeoftheirduties,painlulevidenceofnegli-thought singlemoneyHe arguesTherearefoorkinds ofFederal oSee-holderaInMA. 1I>ci^ for aiaiUBf,Peking, prostration,vessel to theTbeoOcersofthe FederalCourts, ofBcers, Postmasters and Collectors of the Cus-DBBViAim—A Glabob at Hbw-Tou.•ABXUirS MCBHlt-AflcnsM >Bd Xreninc-nJo-a half-dosen millionaires and their associates,of Mr. RiAS's treaty fulfilled—a treaty which places anAmericanMinisteronmuchthesamefootingwhenmasters. Suppose the malls are stopped, *l>o vrlll be injured, Lnooui or our people t The mails are givenPacific and the Atlantic upon the' mail ftcili- ties of the times which preceded the esta^ lishment of the Express. In those times the ordinary transportation of the mails betweeathe Atlantic and the Pacific fma occupied/aOOUT OAVAIrSTRKKT-No. acoitalpost-are anLiBooLK care if we stole the mails t Not a fig. And,citySeptember,A Bailroad Convention has been held at Topeka,eitherquite preventfrigates,ofmight or col-Lia^. Ajastaat-Saigeaammmmmm iiifii i^mmimnmm wm mm Twa Caan. •«« •"«ofhissoldier of young France, and his finalence of hisservaats,lest, obssrvodhe,weopportnniUeaofMoe of tte p4*t> ii^ * t<xrt wi^n^,ofthetreuyshould be at exchangedtheWasbingtoa.cut sff at once8 eaoti a eqpr> Agenli willanurs SABDXN—Hasz* *io Facxs—BLAgi-insLASKA KKKNS>S TmUVBB—Anna Auoa. ^rormftAR»m-OCTMtKiime.provesis chronic, if not iocnrable. An illustration liesIf yoncradle-land ofthe ChristendomfLand toms.tothe Xx- Pony«AUJkiOK« TBXAIBB—FuTiM wm Fiu.mw BOWEBT TBXATBB—ZiuAH, aTauoiWasb-velocity of medical education in the Collegesland-office were who closed,Would be Injured or an-ft OAllrtlIX'8, SOMt BBloon-BTBionAamortem spectacle so vivaciously prophesied,andnotwithstandingthecategoricaldenialsoi-WmtooE'B Fan eiuiaiNKW^S OF TUB DAY.daily the Merchants' Exchange, Wall-street, with admonition to seek "entrance by the frontIIfrom Mr. Ward's own version of hisceipts of our Cnstom-ltouse, Government derivesabout a million dollars per aimom. This is the onlydepartment of the Federal Government tbe obstruc-tion of which would iQjnre or annoy the Administra- Francisco within a day of the same pecisd.forcircn-Butlhecrownlnglnsolt was.to come. The Presl-fasten the opprobrium of tyranny upon theaecmiiig advantajpni .th^'ndtiob wonid be deariy boq|^ lyfte ilis- tnibaaeeof all the bases of JflaiapaJa -thaLater advlcee from Mexico are received by thearrival of an English steamer at Mobile. Vera ment of this politico-evangelical fund. You, eras dates are to the 2d Inst. The expedition of respected and generous reader, tremulous of tte laterals against Guadalajara arrived beforeshown the AmericanChinese capital, and the arrangements fur histhe assertion that M. D.'s are note manufac-on the 21at ofbat at last ad-—the Professors and records of the schoolsthatTioeaoperationshadnot;etcommenced. Aion of the Clmrch forces, ciHiimanded by Qeneralsof the ';which divides the twopire. The project of deeing this ronto ap-SOBLCS and Pxsuila, inthat botli this and the writers of correspondentthat the he himself they are not only impostures, but impossible. what could be more characteristic of Mr. Bd-capital, fooz hnndred men.and Frenchthe other communications sent us on the samesubject have not kept abreast of the late rapidmarch of events in the medical world. He silence,the fut that Senor Moliba, the Minister &am Nlca-as the mere of aad meet as shirt-on-a-pole political Executive sanction, to Congress,Wasliingtoncorretniondenttelegraphsattemptingmd and the Pony Express will probata be sutfadivis-plot is in ezjatence in the Sonthem States among pend judgment upon the subject, at least for aas anfrom Loo-Choo. Ac- gorically)very authoritydaepeiiticai leaders to invade and seize Central Amerfca,withaviewofextendingoverit thefortnight.One that is,veryUttle more than footingdefers to(Prof. Reesb)affirms that theTills is in some measure accomplistied by theCHABAK and of his slip-shod Adndaistrrthi^waa adopted, and a Committee was appointed to fore, reasonably occur to persons now impor-town ofYork Medical Gazette for last August thewe knoui) of an eminent Professor in one of the leading Medical Col- leges of this City,—that instead of a certifi- attainments being re- as a condition of admission to any otvessel yesterday. It conslsis of foor etght-inek gvas,thmn Congress.uponPeh-tang.Mr. Wabd, after the Anglo-French forces63 cwt., and It S3.poanders, tt wetghtagrageconfession(authenticweighingcwt. About 8S shot, 40 loaded aad a luloaded, is thethePublicSchools.was There is not the slightest ground for suppu-necessitate the erection its wasatMontevideoontheMdiofthat upon Dol/kmbuilding,;for aly extend over two years.fire occurred early jresterday morning at No.tool of the Sumners, and Sewards, and otherPeking;requestpondence,frontiers of those custom-houses which are tobe excluded from its interior, and deprive it of new steam Brminale, from hadLR & QotTBX, dealers in patent medicines,, and S. J. PABDS88I78, manufacturer of glassware. Owing to the combustible nature of the materials in the—now as they were then. May they not, after all, believe Mr. Limcolw to be equally moderatesndPultiskiwereatotherportaonthestatisB. Th*the fire could not be subdued until dam- and conservativetreaty obligations.only that they choose to age BmooDting to about $36,000 had been sus- withhold such verdict untill864 f And, indeed,laiaed. Tb* fire, which also did considerable does not this conviction damage to flie adjoining building, No. 34, is sup-to have from a deiEective Sue. originatedcorrespondent to the action of the American Medical Asso- ciation, as a proof of the growing tendency toverse volition establish;and from which itpoaed- Tite Pranklin— yesterdaymorning, theirown"The Moaat,"BaHdinga, atoiieainheightPhiladelphiawillingspend allegedin —were burntfiveservative in 1856 moneythey ;toof several 4Mok-biadiBg establishments.The in the case of Adam Jury,andis Associationinvalvinfftfaeaestnictionprmtlngradical inrather than their owp ?ofmedical increase the term study,peculiarlyindicted _tn the. murder (in the second degree) of HbnbtSbe bent on into effect. At its late session, posterityhis utmost to doing goshlps. New sets of dellvaiy-valves, wl& inereaaedarea of dl.«charce, dUhrent kaft-fenanai: Bad newunlrerfal are isrhsr. Tha confiniiigs, behig preparedJaioxs,frequency with which we are enabledsuch evidences of good sense as we have just signed to squadron duly.the /^PBBLCB, yesterday rendered a verdict of guilty. or as less critical.more hopeless,Tt>e yetTh» priaoiier was remanded for sentence, whichof a more elevated standard of qualification forgiven, now that the election of Mr. Li-vcolk is pretty well assured.The President and the California Malls.The work on the splendid steam-frigate Wabatkis rapidly at the Brooklyn Navy-yard. progressingHerimmensecrank Is underthe cranesIn the ma-Ike toogthenewtawprescribestobe This is the first verdict for thisforlife. of murder ^enai under the new act. Tbomas Woobs was -tikHot murder in the second degree, in killingimprisonment degreeannual ses-has been re-would have more than sufficed^B Ike fourth and remanded for sentence.degree, the statement in the confidentialby the board of Ada Isaacs Mbnkzh went over for thattbe Marine Court the suit Hebitab for against"effected much moreinChinathanthearmsof sitionsthnHuh the dead will wood,the term, the last yesterday beingcombinedand wliile theexpended upon fanningfor trials, and it not bemg recorded on the Caleiidar.FranceandEnglandvUse sleeves. CUef-Xogiaaer Xnnof Wattk.At Chambers of theJustice tion Of Messrs. BBECKiNaiDOE and Lane the independent attitude of the American Min- ;imperative ques- tioned by no one familiar with the presentwhich render the entiie iBarWawy the tlonable. Sbals atiUinliMdrr-4oek.Baexoep-Supreme Court,everystatus of Medical Schools, but owing pro-Lbohabd the motioi a receiver granted allowingnominees of aconspiracywhose avowed ob-toconsolidateinday;wastional reforms urged,is detsnalaed l»ants' eoDDsri in the Onmibus suit until-next The issues anew and &ct on behalf of thesettled. At Chambers are appended' to this"no student shalldefendant* are butpetition.partiallyof the Supreme Court, Justice Leobabd grantedof these orable than it is, and as the favored nationwill be InSuenced by personaleonstdaratioasln»-an "injunction closhig up Luidenmuller'k Shakersincerityof Of the dlAient candidates in tha spective politics.given there on the Sabbath contrary to law.decree of the Coimcil of highestaJ^ tnojemenu -l^t'wwauthoritativethe profession, diplomas have been granted during the past Summer, by leading MedicalIfaJkit we^.City,at the Stock""','? '^*«°l»"'y.prfee» opening gen-""'^-^^*the defeat of a conservative nowwho medical studies inrouting specieslight Mr. Dabwut. It is not very many years since medical diplomas were pnbliety sold in this City to any buyer, as patents of nobffity are sold in some of the Italian States, at $26 aof Western tnlas ourEmpire has feltExcimio TiKBS ihMissovbi.—OntbeMinatt Jacob Uibb, N. B. Baox aad J«aL Wniat, were ar- rested in Fottawattoode Coosty, Ho., Aaiged wllk kidnappingthreefreenegiuea lagyodafatoaada girl—who were reMdlBC Ja.'IBMaBitCBaBty, lom-Exchange were In-Union,possessiag •^itaxa artistic feeling, hisbe that the would-be among confrerta*'"n«actu5is incompassingas they were in 1866in thisto Collegepersonsonlydneforthe-moralsapport wUchtheyare^2^11- srtUThaUaitoi-StateslaCUam. faitrepid Boardiaa of- OMatiaa Uvea aad atleasthavesaradIbairJ^Ifaa^ft^taeri-tnohjr. As If Is, to flmeMtMaaiMaf alg- iMaaaatbaea•Mt of' ctoblttindw,_bsi'^ti^ systaatauenmr fcjodJM to »he UalOB.Without stopitogto ennmermteanyofSoatliern men who are already notorioaalf seeking to conciliateState ctizen who baa already gone too far to- wards treason to leare lilm any hope of for- 'special oorreqioadent ofthe London Times, ChrisUaa hoaor in the accompaniesthe British in theirChina downftU,andlathededinealikeofhismanythousandproininentexpedition,rating the causes that led to thecoverthewcataiMswofflieIt is said that VoUAna was wo ««the next Presidentiupholdingthe course^ ^ri Mrtraeliv •«aavM* iM(Mt of Aaarteaa tTokti There is. too reason to offrequent oemplahi It, suddenly wrote to knowPai^ conntiy- Caltfi»|^haphas protested aooordk«iy, bat wUh aaJaMw-'Fbebont's"Southernpersonalthat Mr. Wabd should beProfessorentryships,offers itself, andthat the disorderCommlniooera ' rejoine <,others. Committee,place would suit liim as wellfor some the verbal expIanaUon of the Ckimmissloners drewCliairman ; a letterTwere closed t Bowotherrecipient and ;somewofuldignantly controvertingit was intended.hands of the CommissioBers.••••City, ed were true,averringernment derives a paltry pittance from the sale of Itsblt-an-aere'land, which it can soue without incoa-vanlence. Iftheofficeswereclosed,ourowapeoplewho want the land could not get It. Next the Post- throwing back the two commimities of tbsofthe UnitedSttUee, webeenatrang»- Arab Emir was an"evidently destinedfiwllfe,pressyet, throughwiththeGoldenState. Thewhole<There may be no inexcusa- ble breach of confidence if; under pledge of the"of our Pacificshock of an act midch must have reaolted ia'nrana—AwBorau-GABus e* aFibimaii.'BOVntT 1BKATBB-Tb« Loicn-BoTS or T*—Tbi profbundest secrecy, we inform the reader, ed, sot with the Pleoipotentlaiy KwsiUAxa, but withbe presented to Congress. The Convention was in perform a ceremony practiced at many Eu- session two days, and it was attended by a very not have been aggrensive, but moderateIn regard to the assertion of the other cor- acted the National ? The results The armament of the United States corvette Van- also we by treasurylarge number of delegates, representing nearly and conservative." The doubt may, there- ropean courts, and directed that the ratifica- every county in the Territory. A schedule of grants tions of the treaty should be exchanged at tlierespondent whose letter we publish, of secession, independently of any armed daiia, now prepariag'at Brooklyn to reinfiwoe ear need only state that he can find in the New- coercion on the part of tbe Administration, Equadron In the Chinese seas, was pat on board thatthe favorable consideration of tuned, what assurance have we that these neighboringwhich all conservative men should depre-cate as to be shunned even in the lastresort, would be to fatally cripple every complement of ammunition suppllad for the battKying montAStPlatt-street,inthebuildingoccupiedbyOouos- arch-agitatorsoftheday orenotasinsincerecate ofgentlemen, who are no more active now in de- feating Mr. LiKCOLN than they were in defeat-had been repulsed on the Pei-ho, took a prac-Dmid Hill Park, in Baltimore, was inauguratedyesterday with appropriate and imposing ceremo-niea. Tnere was an immense gathering of people,and a fine military display, ctosmg with an uldresaby Mayor Swanr and singing by the children of nounced as the most dangerous of men, the plied to the Governor of China ta give himduring the cruliie.By the Mersey steamer, which arrived at Sootk-regardpresentthemoderate and conservative" Fre-position.—by the way,they thende-prelinrinarywhelming load of taxation, destroy its com-" whom,tical and business-like view of hisFinding that be could not pass Taku, he ap-energyof the State, crush it beneath an over-gather great strength from the circumstance, that to defeat a con-things which the State would by its own per-'first steamer ever, sent far ordtoary squadmadatr t* Brazil. Itwasrunuredthatthesurveyingpartyhad called for the United Stales. No American mariaee1860, theycare toEvidently, tUeywerewhereas, to beat anatterminedtothem, and did not attempt to thrust his ownnotions of propriety down their throats. Ina dispatch to the Earl of Maluesbubt, thenSecretary of State for Foreign Affairs, Mr. urged upon the Medical Schools the necessitycouldonly partially escape uponbeset the minds of the fortunate recipients of such private favors, as we now have thethat no other course was open to Mr. Wardof his IsMshricklMt.Hewasconvictedofmanslaughter anotherquiteasstartlingmostbesuggested friendlymanneratPeking.peated;enginweas the amli-ZaIBIOK Cobcobit on May 10, by striking him honor and pleasure of acknowledgingbut everyprobabilitybeingseems todown to as the last President of the UnitedHe haslime, patience, patronage and influenceletter, with the defeat of Lincoln all is safe." jury The alternative of that event may be the elec-in New-Haven, in June last, a series of educa- States.te take ^rge of and sell the Spirit of the Time*.^Iha case was referred to Jobs T. BorrHAB to re-Mct a svitable to be receiver. At which shall dissolve the union of ajectsprecipitatioathe political power of the country for yearsIt is AiToaBiT.—It has been iiMaeoaily staled that ttereare the "of a revolution,"Thb BBrvBUOAB Cabhibats roa IhSTBicr-persoD appdntedvpedal Term <tf the Supreme Court, Justice la- men from whom alone the danger which will enable him, when the proper time ar- bablypreviousof tlie Bar torotefortheDemocraticcandidate for Wstrict-At-;bodytotheofall efforts,no thehandsofthepartywhichelectedhim. —**"—;Our Old PublicFunctionary reallyline, which caused by Mgate tUtUagsafetyTuesday- hended, even by the gentlemen whose names save nimecessary bloodshed. The position ofwe thent/hutch,'.' on the allegation that performances were persons, when they invite us to abandon athe ffoneySchools commencedthe previous WinterPrices decUned. Corn rate, of frCS hints are deferentially submittedwhich he has won from allChristian men by his heroic and successful terference to mitigate the horrors of the Mos-was alsochea^f A ve '"right-minded in-of LouisODtbe4lhlaM,,by.StaMtoat,atththreeoM- cers,totakatbepilienenhacktofowa. H.i7umadeand mostbrisk mquiry prevailed for Cotton,vancins. Provisions were rather more actWe o^ tionable of Wall-street speculations. tienlirryPork, which closed higher. The mSv^sunset of Bucbanab answering to a sunrise Washibotok.*^»*»'Kak and Tallow were restricted. Tobacco, Whi>^lem massacres inST** J*-®,^"TM''Stores, Oils, MelalVThi Alabama iBSUBBienoB.Syria.in sueh eesthetical fashion, the Presi- present pret anycarried back, bat by rwoMlBg to vtokt iaaaThe freight engagements were less exteiuive. theLegionwas extorted of the bold Emir, to bear witness to of these diplcatas. jSawboat Oarta|biiig8t.J*aeph the party fCTUWl that thewhich wts^.still hesitate about this latestques-—We learn kr, Sdea, Hay and Hops were in good demand through a private source that the evidence ofThe Sacred Crossesof Honor and of St Manuel and headBut it would beagreatmistake to inter-shallin theand with motives iUnstrated' by the course of events during the present Administration f Theseand6t this antithesisclearty!certainly traas-impossibilitysuppers purchased Flour and Wheat orettvftMly, owing mpart to a rise in to those who Abd-El-Kadxb a public token of the respectonce to the subUme and the ridiculous, as a Dr. Blabcbabb, who had bssa tbili giaiiillaii. leftVt.insurrectionary plot we alluded to somemuch more or leesesteem in which Napoleon and Victob they are worth to their possessors than those which have divided the counter, has been 0fIlBaB>s ftlMdswercat the Undhig and threiUMMSotrrHBBH Ofticb-Skxiks. —Judging from days ago,from a slave by the application of eight hun- theAfter this gentlen««« of tb^eondng bad preceded them.because MaehSe same scenes were «»»|~ /' of thoSthe tone of the Southern Press, the en- dred lashestire population of that region would manifestation hisprotectorfenceless men and women in the streets of ceedingly shBpieiiMhematical problem. Butto his back.;theirsplendorcompletenessA the whoiandmay here make note of one roaring Cutton- thought proper to pursue in their dispute withOoremor JoBB J. Pbttvs, of Jack- son, UiES., has dearly no hope, either for him-ful underof the United Statesranges!;Ithe Celestial Emperor. We canthe TiniM correspondent to indorse theaskagonative hilb by the then foronostIIIthe "proetrale Umseif when piesentiag ges I" But if Abd-el-Kadbb deserves all theAcorrespondentwaivethe Emperor waives the presentation of the Presi- dent's letter.' They renlndad him tUat by Us treaty he had no right to require the exchange to be made sadbearingthesignatureofCbablbsO'Conob atPeking,alsothathehadsatdatShaaghaithatonegencebeforeus. It is a letter marked private,"and andofJoshuaJ.Hbsbt, asanother. Thisand at that town tUs treaty wasthat it is a begging letter, curiously signed by the provincial HAHO-rua. Thus were the conditionsselves would btmi down the and dis- Collegessect the Professors !" Now, thou^ we would not, for the whole Times' establishment, con-soliciting money for the purpose of defeating the election of Abbahax Lihcolb. Contribut- ors are invited to meet the Committee at Ias an Envoy of Loo-Choo." This is all incorrect, and widely differentjourney to Peking. It differs, too, very materially from the accounts published at the time ina to forward the crematic and scalpel,expense indispensable necessitythe fate of theLikcolm's election, are solicited to pour into thegeneralfund"suchastmtasyouarewil- ling to contribute to the cause of the Union."imperialbolderfortbe intorval lobes of our em-to march outtaaid been defeated with a loss of And various motives tothe action are tender-countryin the event of Mr.brief period elapsing between October and Julyenterprisesabridging greated by the Committee.There are several reflections which, we ap-recently parted froml>taaakiS8 0f the "pecnliar institution." The name that time will elapse prior to the Presidential Mr. W^ARD and the Imperial Commissioners, cations demanded for a medical diploma inquoted,who is neverthelesspnjeetof tfaa uts Gen. Walxbb is used in connection election, when all such benefactions must be—with tids alleged plot it l>eing represented that inat thethan at the commencement of the centuryly conveyed,ezctaaog-he vlsllt theto us. What wouldof Ushas sent home a peoplB'Cuatoms at Sqnash Creek. This unhappy stateof despair we regard as clearly indicated inthe foOowlng quotation firom a letter written tatlon. He says, in regard to Mr. Wabo's cient foes, his oonqueron and theby the Governor to a Mr. C. B. Baldwib:Peking about a year ago, that^conquerors rdigion. from out- death. thealmost be said to embrace the wh<^ eirale of mitted,"Whentheceasetosparksthe irate and ttope-abandoned J. J. P.,fly upward," saysnearlya month'sdelay, a deorae arrivedonward"rageand fromand,furthermore,thattheysym- pathize too deeply with the movement for thePell-tang, toslavepregierty." ShoaUi(6tthiseloquent Neitherchairsnorhoiaeswere^owedhim.;pabUcan may be of some value atfa protection Ill-found veyaooesprosUtuUonthoagh aaiBguideii gentleman be taken oare of by hlB friendaTAa Appeal to tt« Charitabto.of a brilliant name and a to proud experienceperpetuate oppression in a Christian land, andtollvered by Mr. Wass la person, but the Commls- great body of the Christian Chiirch. trulyItl» sciencesInto the proseeuUMl Of mining claims on princ^Ies whiehdent placed in soat least steer clear of deliberatecorrespon- world unites to honor in the dethroned Prince the pernicious results of fbrelng Into the pro- tothe Atlantic as the AtbajHc is to «««.With a very limited suite hs lefteral for histo be ctherwise than if means rejoiced by<mjrOUT colleges shall be brought seriously to con- sider their ways.The yet Prodact ofaeSesetaa.of the Mobile Advertiser treats curtly the plans of those passive seces-sh^ the very foaadations of laal thrnngiumt thei^tate. Were the VaifedStotes to oust forty Mexican claimatato fMa ItiXf qatdBOvar ainea, the totojustifythemade the nameeaptare of LAMOBiotBas famouscannot bnt believe that the majortfy of medi- ing the natural of wl»> p|trlotiflB apeoplesloaers. finding that no amount of persuasion would taidace blm towhiriigigof Timebringsin his reven-steps," the back stairs no doubt being required British journals. Every poasible respect was cle referred to ; and we once more emphasizezento kneel, the Emperor of China declined to see him, his Majesty at the same time expressedwould accrue from the freedom of aC. Was-Peking.contest asNotonlyshouldtheseverynaturaldoubts Bei;ce,theEnglishEnvoy,distinctlyadmitted;portMr. medical officers la the Army to fill Tir iflie ;access to granted.and themoal^ to sail for the States in a day at two. The Osncrvs*gun-lmat Norislk, joined the fieet, and had received orders from the Commandfr-inCbiefrelatlve to her Inltlstory mov»- ments with the sqaadron. Tlie Srmmtit workelthat the Chinese meant or mean now topublic and profits by.lands which it now Such would be thesingviolate theirany reason why Mr. Waeu should be cen- suretWor ratifying his treaty at Peh-tang when he foumTlt impossible to accomplish that actof lectures arethese courses do not necessari-longletterenume- andofhisflUth. present war, dcred Algiers to theohrj«^«lho«Prankhave that the Allies have ly and nobly avenged.aa-Like a sensible he was de- man,the absurd States would con- How absurd the sup- position, may be inferred from the increasing to citeorsallors were required on riiore atas was qnlet there. everythingput on tward that vessel In a few weeks at th* Navy- she will remor* fyraormd oNfortfhoelKka.Uonal cParpnitMaclo.tta,h\iarshincoht as been as-deal with the Chinese as he foundthatsent to share its ruin.of the new stsamWhat faith the American Minister could not be more hon-was one providing thatirrepreasit^e^hostility. asinhimlies,the)PMiiijelltthaslaboredto close with the naaieaf Bvchaban, that glo- rions list of ndetawWA begins with the namelawyers will vote tbair respective tickets, while a fewplaceparty pledged to the maintenance of the for either France or England to acquire anyand sustain one implicated in plans for privileges by the present war that will not its desthietion f Are they not as deliberately equaUy accrue to citizens of the United States.—Abd-El-Kadeb anu the Unitid States. The President has followed good examples in forwarding to the gallant and magnanimousclause is in ourtreaty,it will be impossiblefield, Mr. Thomas B. Vaii Bnm, the Rapublicaa nood- of WAsaaMtojt. Oeald we stispect him of nee, has decidedly the best^chance of success. Ha la oae of it a lawyer of good standing aad abUlty, aad k .popalarand therein Alabama, which St Lazarus already sparkle on the breast day, quacks praetieingof the;are,memory was enUrely re-those who think s becomes a of have any connexion whatever "potat^inppear«la88e8 they may be able picion of his tormentors. It wasevidenceunderstand thatInte debt to this illustrious son of the desert taining •i' diploma question with ra a negro 'teale's" *''.*'2r«tod STnSireatlneto obtain office under Mr. Libcoln's Ad- obtained aninistration, and those who hare no such ers wereFor the Americans in Syria owe allhave saved from the storm which swept with fiery breath from the LebanonP;S^^«»Xma«S£ Bisthod is undoubtedly the best— that they can posbibly be kkiked upon in any FtaaTly. it was City,These latter§m their tows to burst up the UbIoq rather travelers in the South arewhich""i^SJaSfw&M^^Sthe la^-tMpe.gentryarereryf^ytitnnot to the terror of the American thraa^ the sheepskin, and would not be led petty ambitions.by landtag fir.BMKCSAiJ ""^fSTmlSii, wliich,grounded It is a Htm see the nuutile porch of the White well known fact, that theaa*Heoae invaded by a Black Republican. The these ingenious methods of"ttC some " overt act4aean any refflSftl on Mr. Likcolk's part to give keeping up an intense Democrncy am! mi iu- them such share of patronage as they consider tci.iC' Desi>otism.just such humaneStale. ^^(^howcrer, are in a large majority,iQidi^iag eternaily in the human breast," and their devotion to the Democraticthef an jnat as naolved, on the other side, it is marvelous, if wc revert to the hi:ilr.ry ofSuch are the broad and patentfactsupon emphatic tendency of Itsfatamt,hope edgeare in vogue, are themost Parlyofthis is indeed a chaptergeneralhaJnoauuionY^^ aby this process on which thethat theycheapijeas spe^lestthe most purblind could see the wolf other light than as the graad chess-board of the dlAcultyhung in Tr xas, and on athletic of the cruel<l«fTMl»»i^i5d atlKbiskapreach- which most punishments irillicted on Northernso lately tothe Levant States in which nameorthevigorunfcrtunatelv was macquring kiiowl-persoutofth* Californian SiECovered that theyoi^crj.ti,eoa ^^ coaverchieftain For Abd-kl-Kadebhardly peace-enemy ofhuntedtlonary conversatkih trf' Ids friends In the pres-miserable machiaeiy of partysfMiHi^aad tiliaA. «• IIosBAz MoHDra, In emple time for cases where their interests would seem to be to Peking at all. Mr. Wasd replying that he had our own Government whidt has never yet refusal of aU Southerners to take or hold Fed- diate, nor iadeed adth any mtj elecr pros-^ig B««ati la Borap* daring the pait ten iU7>, «Ul ba the carelessness of in why.uapre-honor we canfound the time, the send so much as awliat are we toofwbleh nila for As- It!*" tlkllell <4oees «t the Post-office »tcone In coBsequenoe of the Emperor's decree re- ceived at Peh-tang ordaining that the ratlScatloDspective hope 4tf piodadaga salatai|[toipna-',or theIf Post-office clerks. Even pwed to eoofbrm to this rite, he bad comasioBists, who, in the event of Mr. Libools's say election, see the fruition of their hopes in thefrom Mr. Wasd a letter, expressing ' sincere regret''thathebad foundhimselfunabletocomplywiththethe statements made in the Times of Thursday last in regard to theCourts would it interfere with his Admln-mistake, here it lies broadly divulged to a ceremoalrs of an audience,' and the Emperor thenvery different "Dear Sir" from him for whom consented to receive the President's letter from th* of this and that if what we stat-so far as it is affected by the vital dreali^oa noyed by it, linoou or our own people T The Gov- of the bullion of CalilOTiUa, and by the adivit^To the American Minister was Peh-tangthe medical students them-navigation,wouldhave ftit th*unwillingNor is therethough two coursesrequiredpossessesmerelylogicalproducteofaconditionof comparativelywellonthavoyageSoath.Shebthettie doctorate, and at almost every than the one he adopted, and that there was sion since that period, the effortreceived in aAmerican diplomacy, up to this time, hasup present dayaction has been taken by the Faculty or Trus- tees of any Medical School to carry its propo-line of shafting has been feud to be ont ofister has obtained for hira the confidence ofthe Chinese on the one hand, and the Anglo- of French party on the other, that same attitudenecessityandup,goodcare W theI!IOnrTagua, haa notified the Stat« Department that a prehend, may influence the benevolent to sus- American Minister stood on the same does not seem to know (to take him also cate- terrorism, it is- as well, perhaps, to show that an "established fact" in December. Bntfor the feet of those engaged in the disburse- I Ition. But we have no means of the col- obstructinglection of customs. Suppose none of our people dareIt closelyness, and for the fact that Mr. Wabo liad onlythe British Ambassadors, then at open war with the Em-pire. It is quite wrong to say that theEnvoy cordingtothereportoftheInterviewbetweencountry,4gBot of a powerful combination of wealth and in- dently too little time for the employ- a friendly nation, and their President as, in that young men have, this very year, and hopeless effecting,his fillihnstenng expeditions be was simply theuseless,Aience. nePrinceetWalesandsuite,yesterday,visitedBanker Hill, Moimt Auburnaai Harvs^ College. At the latter place he was eitOBHid in IKnne Hall by PresideBt Fbltob and tba hcnlty, while he waa heartily cheered by the atndaats. After visiting the Library of the Eicien- tific School, and the Observatwy, the party par- took of a collation at Harvard HalL The citizens were out in numbers, and chnredto himself. Mr. Wabd was told by Ewbiuabo that the Ko-tau, or regular form of obeisance exacted from tribu- nations like Siam, Corea, Loo-Choo or light Annam, wnuld not be asked or expected inwhich the Federal Government administeredCambridge,v—made. Let us assume that South Carolina re- and red skins met oaJhaSSthof A»(pi^. aadailK aofthe PrinceIn the evening His Highness visited the BostonPublic library. The Boyal party will leave Boston given their money freely at that time for thetheythat rash Commonwealthare not reported.Uajor Donalesob, of the Army, now tUttiamatCambridge heartilyand there would be no-as heUPortland, where they exp^t to embark almost im-refused toatmediately— months andWhat else could South which was Carolina, rams,o'clock this morning, m a special train forcomplishedin the brief of period eightand in the interval there is evi- ment of the fund for other than the cor-yet the ultra-disunionists are notwhicharenowdemonstrated everyrespect,equal Cemetery to have governed the New-Tork Hotelby any party loyal to the Union, might verywithin m nine months from the easily apply, should an attempt of the kind be SecoDd Cavalry l>y Caaaiicha «np- Tto Irupt objectslars of ttie defeat of Major Tbomas'subscription four years since. And this vate ** communication throws instructivepri-sharp fi^tof somedLs thsfanMr had teisbw^ several of the men Iwliigwoandad. TkegaBot Ma- jor was badly, tmt not seriously hurt. No Dveii ««taupon that effort These very gentlemen who now seek alms for the crusade against Lin- coLB, were largely concerned in the Anti-Fre-TheythePublic wouldatonce lostonthesoldiers'Ude Lands,; Intt the ladUa 'nmlfrrmont efibrt of 1866.are known to haveintheFarWest,hassenttoBalUinoreaveiyaoveldefeat of the Republican candidate, and it is well known that the entire fund of that period, instead of being collected by a general solici- tation, was mimificently poured out from their ownpockets. Andyetinthedocumentbe- fore U3 we are assured that in view ofbirth andEansas, to devise a system of Bailroad grants to antecedents Am Administration would regretport persistentfrom the la Naryoe 189^for home, the fleetbeingthere in readi-throughout was dignified, independent, and eminently characteristic of an American citi-been doneA telegram from Mobile informs us that five deaths from yellow fever have occurred in that «itT within a few days past. No cases are report- ed m any other Bouthem cities.and what benefitIs not"eightthe latter.expressly andstated that the Emperor looked upon the United States as—within the last half of it too, received their diplomas from chartered orthodox medicaltaryhis case, and that he was required only to kneel when he entered the Imperial presence.tires upon the election of Mr. Libcoln.all the disadvantages affecting the Post-office,This Mr. Wabdhe might have found a precedent in the action of Lord Abbebst, who knelt uiider similar cir-acquire;cumstances.finally justhas been ofl!eredsacrifice to the shade of the insulted Father of would remain the NavyEnvoywhile in thevisit were made under anis true that his movements werewatched, but proper allowances should bemade for Chinese prejudices and exclnaive- themselves being witnesses. It is evidentrepeatedlywhich evenof and with the remediestunedfThe conduct of our Envoythingsand when, in consequence of his refusalorder.City, (Brooklyntosingle!Twenty yearsqnainted with the teadeaeyof his ^eeala-Uons that he eheefced the iafidel and mrolB- ortoo Ptene Bt«ea, asconpned wiik-theself or any immediate relative, of obtaining policy of his own Government But we have throughout Europe. the Christian cal men thnnselv^s are already weU aware of weD feel that they are at leailt as tlte JacksoQ Post-office or the CoUeotorshlp of certainly a right to 'expect that a To-dayresponsiblea situation wouU mlsrepesen-of the Islam,who To some mall gratifyIIvisit to I "Alterwhen authorising his admission bito the citadel, there tomostunselfishriors, risking limb and life to rescue his an-unqaallfledyonngmen, thranghpoMtieal piiiijtou. ~In coa- and of the lowest class la use.shamelesssad venWfcaptr^of his rwse and hitfor to dihra the instanee,iunfortunate for him. ThedaysThe defi«to wfahdi snmn- tothe Chrlatendom,To-day, too, Christian world, with scarce adissenting voice,;pay him,protection:medical Edncattoa Again.m—cific. The effect of this If mfsimta.carried out wonld have lieea to stAs a direct and serious blow at ail oar mwisl as-lations, political ties, and finaaeislfAter, whidi will be foimd in another column, in-or Dls- Suppeae evsa will that' sc-'SCO ofIn UieWhatwould Lnioouidouj^tyEsculapinsFederal Courts Tit is true, tver since its origin in 1846, persistentlyat- tendasecondcourseoflecturesuntilayear shall have since the commcuceraent^^\^ j^ —tabeatpresentdividedintotwostoredandhe Americaowesevenamoreabso-asfarSB(hepsMieisconcerned,iftheob-unableto politicsreaOywhocaanon^>^^Jt^*n"^•%JSma^Wmseif waa able to verify every sus- Pamaacns. vital Ing places charged mat ". lonneriy causedbut toand fearless action as that c^nisltlon in eight or nine months.of Americanpolicy,«i(n7StateItae.UentitledDioc-umentof knightly war-a Mr.Attomey-GenerdBiiAea,theto efficient national of our own citizens intributeasinglefaggotnoreventheivoryof tousasaboon,atanourcorrespondentthe facts in the case com-twenty-three to twenty-four days. Tha Peaypel us to reiterate every statement in the arti-Expressgivesus ananswer from Saatured out of raw materialschools of thistheby leadingmedicalCustom-ltouse then Liboolb will find offices,thispresent time,schools,time they first entered the walls of a medical in-—stitution that if, during ihis period, the matric-ulants did not acquire a scientific knowledge ofthe entire curriculuih of medicine,did all that was demanded of them as aany pf^he collegesuptaUng It,kav« been re-p«Dtteil—U ntfcaatlathistremul fomUogthroughtheaelhia^r wift personal revenge opoa psiiii. should have onrfliroata eat I Vevertheleaa, we caJ enemies, has (eoaveiyfiutowaidaaliMat-I^ sends lu a Is^tratlOB.trlct-Attomeysthat tbe Courts be shut whatfc«i»included,) in theacceptNorthern men who will accept them. Suppose they dare not laud upon our soil, then they can remain on shipboard, and collect customs on board a revenue- cutter." \thatalltheseas stated, and yet not a rafter ofqualifi-writer we haveeral oflSce.:"Alabama, to witAad It is aow baft -theThe Judges of theand, therefore, do not hold officeoOoeCourts Suppose that Uiere be nocorapUahisbatlant Next come the Land officers. Suppose thetothe and Oovemment,tast officers. From the re- ofall,the Custom-housefar as wescalpel (so blockadedthelect from them the whole amount of duty'ex-Baeai^nor has theknow) invaded the dry and lean anatomy of a byMedicine,nationalwhichquiredour medical schools, any ignorantclown,"who never saw a medical or any other book, canmatriculatebysimplypayingtheindispen-sable five dollars; and, furthermore, that that interest in thediploma,The rfeferencemade our bybut to the no efficientchine-shop, receiving new;oountar-l>alai>cee.of"theone of which will beThis iswith a velocity that would de-aad that wc the recognizehas,the most violent reitataaBa to being rasoved, detdai^ iBgthathekaawbewoaUbeljrBebedif bsiboaUbemres thaeven at llhemedicine in virtue dential career of the last four years. Tbe aOcsninceeaded to getting him on board the steam-course of the President in the great questionsExABtrxL hold the fearless of de- conferred nadar exMing auspices, is an ex- shnply that of a partisan maneuvairer, reckless or.se««tbeB.lmt war. ov*TM*"" ^ S" b'^SS^of the broader results of hislands frnftMlnnfwidch aavwy. But thefessionorowdsofhavebeendriveninafewmonthscurriculum which, in its cosmle sweep, may our Presidential Don Gionairf,! haaholdonder any Adnlnls-between the West and tha Pa-Now while this and a score of other plansof defeating the will of the people in the choiceof a President may justly be treated with to ran ont .its few remaining weeks qaderthan the circnmstsnce that such aare less now imperfectly acquainted with the schemes should ever for a moment have- faeeae^er-thebe incurredto counterbalanceCleariyJudiciary, bythem,Or nine thing but the conversion of Charleston Into a prize. It consists of a whole heed of foar-horaadhavecaptureddo ? aad was, of course, condenuied as an honorablea burntstoned officers who aSBlstud tBMr. J. C.Bsa, and Mr. O. P. Ramssvb, have boea nipiilauJOaTSDAu has t>«eo cashiered, andGzoaos R. W<x» has resigaed.freetheBut in the bands of the Federal Oovemment tary prize. Whether the privatn aadadvocate of directtaxation,i;warded, Mr. A. T.stated. Mbzbab,merce, suspend domestic travel and corres- 27th of Anguct, vre learn that the Oolted SlalM brigsuppositionadjoiningeorvetlB Pern- tacola is nearly finUhed at WasbingtOB, aadwlUb*the flames of Dlstuion at the South an amount ofpropeller shaft passtogbe cased anew with bna.aaaiilUievdivetetlga<iaa-not his fault that the Eansas fever is not now U an uinTniBttBrtlng amimg th*—the resolutions which were passed, however, raging throughout the coimtry to madden botit- torney. WiaraasairedoftUstaotbyieadfaicfutilitywaselapsedof his first course," and yet, in defiance of thismeia- sections into So far bers of tbe profaerion. RepubUean aad Democratle'Btight atq^asedAugus- the full;of achieving any historical contrast so close ataad speed at all, the cheapest and the welfare and the destinies.of a nation, or one Mr. Nuoaxisa negro, and that he '"t.'^ie Cwtaln to avoidby the thin veil of learning possible ofIt is perhaps idle, therefore, for us to takecoaAiict.vUU, aad at otherVerc ""f"S;^ met lie party, s"""^"'"^eUJicaaefeak/inap- the pains to point ont to the Government the declared that t^7 .^'•TohieiWDO^ke a^^^ j<^ J""clrareof this question, open to " lay" as weU as to in- policy towards precisely the same results of Into Iowa. «><) after "i^ro^^^'f^"^ lh.,t Statethemtoo. It is no itiate. It was with a full knowledge of these dlsa&ctioii and dissolution alon; the longi- might take X"^^^^l^l'^tli A-^'J- "Wl ^J'"^which we haveand had the correspondents made along the parallels of latitude. It is tniemi'uutains, sv, uid in hand, hecatuo the xaOiA tUtmiclves acquainted therewith, they might that tbt rciiitiona of Culifomia aud the Pacific rui?uSk2r«tSni*^rjb]rciti.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069glory,glory,to record, that the HMJSt facts that ourstrictures ob the iadecent ra-the release ''^JJn out. ther would be obUred teand of the truesttudini4 meridians ofour empire»,f tremeoB,"—wWd> n»r •* interpreted to similarity of means and instrumt-nts used in uiicomprcmising soldier of Mohammedan in- pidity of current medical education were bD been anticipating and warding off for years furrenaer PTrhit anest. This «as doar. aadte wait for the jati£oationthe.reignofthe late' King Eomea, to witn; .ss thelight thingforhistor)-hi, friend"'ho"'d«*J^p°"{i"Sfi^^ from St. iose|rtudeixndcnre,when that inili|>eiidkept the penned ;(iision atotherdaythat theCtovemmentaeeaedaboatnowIt is thus the swift herald of advancing civili- zation over the Western plains, and ito ex- istence, is a perpetual siimulns to newer aadpears indeed to have been just now abaadooed,BliUtary mmt ManlWe have, by the CaUfornis mail,amplon, Eauland, n-ith South Aaeriaaa dates totheThemachmerywTMtag place lor the »{ "i?"?^'!a »ne from theto beto the line, that to avoid .^"/"ir.hey fo»ud1IAniimi)« W^^www.fultonhistory.com 