 m ^:M^ -«ft<«S<T% ?r»S-^.i»Ci«ic**»*i,p»d«*!ert?'M'^£^and' iHasoitant as it is.^contest, on the part of the Bepabii^an8,'has temper of the still excited piiblic mind tible Inconvenience and suflTering may result!>»>&raialiililii. and Mr. GliTb.lt£B (Ind.)past.philosopheroften—War, but he declined.rtft ^»»"Virginiac^stthere is a great deal of human nature in all ofAcould not be asked for the new era of our national politics, nor could a higher testimony'warslMr,Supervisor.orderbeenconfidedto the'^'^responsibleproportionateprob- The Emperor had brid a Military Ceancil at 9L-,g-^--Jand that EngUnd has acted the part agahist France, ".^..^proximate, of the Union in the annihilation of and Tennessee, as ;'|note from her, through which was faU of passion."ss^^^sa^^bastiacth( CItrOfficial Life and theover the same month last seaam, of over 100 ^ One petition at least in the political litaay orpUoedhis measures more adroitly. And be expected to show an increase in the we^UyattkalowMtto rOUtdM* MisB F^avr-^'MM Kt»-*W>mdla- pelled all the danger of disunion which the election of Libcolk was suppoaed to Involve. ofastillmorefearfulchar-lapresaion, however, prevails,is chosen of the Su- Judgeports with the very nature of things. The recoil andJBt.,Baiiiard^ irti llr. Olahoeffer, Justice of the Supe-should not be at allern States, the united Douglas and Bellstrength far outweighs the vote given to BBacEinaiDOE. If this is so, it will be almostC.Wast,8anogate; John Sedgewck, City Judge IbtfMW-T. ^ennan, Begister, and C. Schwarz-The count forhantiag SKCoialoai, bait whom in former days the care of a chanjre in the arrangementa, and the iiHiMhiiii atThe Pertia arrived at this jt^^^-IJMhnWnmnhlpuponour homes and our highways reposed. Theto Urn withof Europe are displeased,lina,SocTH Carolinaand thk Presiotnct.eiUBlxDl. Italy has no noblerstartle the shattered nerves ofevery description.The trial in the mysterious murder of a wealtt^ oMTba Britishfor the first time, andmay possiblyour neighbor, the Herald,ture of that State has elected BbkckimridoePresident, and Lank Vice-President At first mission of the ietd. Saatego* of itoaWi had baam;Assemblymento theawayWe trust tliat Southern men will act with riestk«Wethat it will fiill very little. If any at all, belowagricul- New-England bytime,andinsomeof them much more so than here. In Phila- 28th of Oelokar,anlf«aIi«»-the to deal with in any other fashion. from'ttiem.'(«Mi»pnM«Miio*^ Madw^iM.)-*' " ^ : 'tetfcy^a6iiiii*oia7a««*jtat»««BM»agaiait wruniMi.«Cl»w*. fluentpoMementalereiyporfMroftiie tobitWMtang^JtMM,fe'ftifund^oainu^;toii«,«rBoafii. Andthnemon'Jia,weTentmetopre- theco^pvatiTeiytaaqnflaai.oonaerratim Thefaie, bowTer,merffyBiiirfMit tpIhifor the Disunionists to make 'HCit ai^t before oar readers furthef de- movement towards the accotapUshment of.aJMMO'^'jIawiha—ve shownit during the canvass in this respect, and that henchmen ofanydo noth-JheSL ' Va Ot^^tf at Ne|dea, 164,000 votes without--Oil' ing thesupportofGeorgia, norcan;—.-?,bettertheiMt at midnight, and we are thusimpossiblethe Federal Government in this City are nojudgmenttheypartya(^MBr:aitTtees-ihan were telegraphwl torn their schemes. South Caroling can—longerby personssocietyZ n, and in Palermo theregreat very completenessGREAT BRITAIN.Lord Pauuistos was on a visit to Yorkshire, ptn-'...'ToleBW&vor oi annexation, andcannot yet be known.beliere, however,tore _allotir citiesatthepresent8rth.aai ftoBbfen thipnghout one_^of' principle ;—:on^art 4^ Vueii ppponents it has been waged akmosfexchisively on the bksis of fear. There the wajr ol ahnost impossible good oraal tcaiar-Sumsinu*«i 8«law-BnBon*« ,— -iramMKlFbiiGiumx iswhatmighthavebeenexpected, disorgan-here this but we are_ _ Utam,1mthaa been no union ofnor have they been able to concentrate their;a atrength upon sin^epoUtical news-I^INai State* wiiichtlie consent of[.jiililliifirt td tlie Bepublicau interest, ment for fortifying and increasing Slavery.23 from smallMr. Buchanan to office in New- It will be remembered that precisely such pox, and 182 from marasmus. We suspect have 400,000 men in arms. I a14n<r*rtwlinlngmajoritiesvigorousin Tennessee, particularly, they^^he'lMoUin thisCit;,were numerous and Various state- alarming.^]^^0>UKthb State; whUecils for the last fewyears.It is time offices synonymous with all that is vulgar, strange if they were to lead to the same and usual, and though it would be easy to show charge." ', , quite even worse results. that many deatiis occur whichi might be, and The correspoBdant ef tbe iM^ lfK^it^tl^if^\_1 regarded as doabtfiil Statesoutbreaks followed the election of X856, al- though the ^publican candidate was notthat the word " marasmus" as ofien indicatesas king and soklier. Let as all do oar dntya The Pope himself now wrltasta ana ThePowersof are:to Jqr dl pwtiea, that l^iffSUooMi la aivDlIen to an bi- J^lfeiiklBsstiian a bandied Aonsand.them witUn tbehave had no opportunity, if they had Tbe EutoTiOH AND TBB PoLicx.t—The house- I«gion were killed, aadrlB wagtaisd.- .-v ,l-~€'i,: -4.the Presidential •ft to announce the election of onHnly assured. As incidents -v^jilfe^iikani nsolt, we may mention that Ur.•i»> eluded by saying it was the prnlaal aaeafaf MiBi^oritynponoftheresultsof tojthem. Hadtheruleofthe.beforewallsA^.Caf^"' :Plrtll«;M[|>.*:,: s -:for ttie Bepub-and morebe taken for itsand effective measures will suppression.: elected —ignorance in diagnosis as the, true cause of death.wliere the haa obtained a plaralityEorapeThe review of the mortality of the City them, except Anstrim, tlueatea. Itwaalco have large Bepublican will be e aatomshing growth of the Be-them of the of our viewed tbe man. In the vam» nt Uaf MB ttaMMfr efficiencyThedrew ont the largest vote ever deposited in the ballot-boxes of the Metropolis. Nearly 100,000 citizens, representing a majorityv*"either Alabama or Mississippi take a single MJEtarofSardiniabadmadea steptowardssecessionsoloagasLouisiana bullieswhoseIt in the address of apeoen reply t^Seleaation, in which he said, in re- ^^T""*- of Austria, that he should beandLegion[*es with the utmost bravery.called onto the general rule, being colderatlady Stepney, London,had resulted In the aMla>had been—onlyters; emigrant-runnerspolitical gamblers,principle amongization, demoralization and defeat.This dectioB will inaugurate a marked andmost important change in the administrationIt is probable that more than halfFABm CommlsatonerDAY.eowfaidoD, we lave very imper- the Federal Government. The Constitution ingsdown with it from ofthenationalofficeseveryCellar tenements, and the fooUsh Us post of Minister «fIatatlor fey f ofinfantstotheweatherwithont andSignorMeanoBMeLohadbe^ofeighteenhundred itstennination,andhas in Hie election ofposttors of the Breckinridge Party have made theand the otherexposuresufficientprotection,arethecausesofhun- misslonerofSicily.of the Government Theof extending Slavery, and increasing its political power, will now be checked. The Slave interest willernment.candidate. The result the last in all the— read fromwill no longer be regarded as a mere instru- The African Slave-trade will not be reopened,causes;94 from convulsions;policynestled there to the offense and indignation of all decent men, whose cruel !tD 0w office, of President. no longer impose its claims and its law upon destiny has compelled them to have any deal-to thesurprisedto find thaton the frontier of one, and Georgia on that ofscarcelythisisof Republicansmathe other, refuse their nextSpring,whenheshouldhave cialMessageoftheGovernorofSouthCaro-The Pope himself now, hesunplementaryConveatlan to theAa|3*>—many a decent Democrat of New-York to the results of the conflict which was yesterday brought to its consummation of triumph lessperversionsof his own political party.The Administration and Disunion.TheFrench Commercial Treaty ti publisl»d fa fiiU. Ths new tariff includes ships, metals and mechaaieal far struments ofTheof which we gave a synopsis yesterday,—and the Charleston Mercury, docs not consider himselfand, al-threatens. He is satisfiec^ Governor of Alabama, as we learn from the over the principles than over thekindness,shows no disposition to net hastily,climate, and in The past month has proved to be somewhatthe resolutions of the lastlature to summon a State Convention, untilanbyLegis-exceptionthat theLegisla-tlon of HuLUSB, the hub who came tarwati'tO^thing; and wethe bitter disappointment he is doomed to suffer, com- organization extremely unwill- of our Municipal Police. No honest man incooperation.itheof|But whatever else may come to pass in'saBa.«sw4«ttfa af thavaUav «»Aa«i-^taught President,jIcorruption longreply deputation, is repotted to havtIllaU:ITaafai "Aof^ai|Isorry to be misunderstood as including underequally impossible for them to know that it was utterly untrue.|Northern commerce and of Western,TMes* aOer a desperate resistance. The pirateswere led by Europeans, two of whom were cap- States shows that a very large proportion of the throughout the Northern States, it is this Ad- there is constantly a large excess of males toted.jsesaiaD ia Jamtan, for the pur- a iq>ort ficom the Code Commis- *bamreceived from the Ochotsk the arrival of the IWiltiamt at San Francisco, reports of ail the whalersthey promised toat the Southcurrency,—because all had a common interest'defeat Mr. Ijkoolh, aU classesvarious partsSouthern States from cap-^^,in it The vote of the Northernslaveholdingof theexcessof femalesI>ater advices reach us from theby the Pony Express, which left San Franci.'Ko onSouthernthis quitehad made their minds on ministration which has betrayed the South among those who die. people upment, this was an act of fresh fealty to tbe Constitution.Mr. JeSsrasB an SectlenaUmu. j'^om the yational Intelligencer.Nationale denonBoaa tkethe Mth ult., and arrived at St. Joseph onMondaypoint willingtopronounceelection, theHectton reached San Francisco on the 2'id, and neatod a great excitement in political circles. TheStates willthose who have and conquered it,the infectious and epidemic dis- contagious,•' peror'B Italian poilcv, also contfaaadto attract alien"— ••—'twhopolitical fortunes, and of aThe numberone-fourth of the whole aamher. This isthi_l>ar'lal Iof thethem ture by the people or the authorities of thein October, 72 were from scarlatina, or about.„easytonly anchor to«<'»Drinciple of reformation, eaa be no doubtwill be the strongest It wauU do sode which the good^SSS |MI»September, bymStates.Troops timehavebeenordered,foroc- theand therewthoriUes at Vienna were preparfagOetkMfiBtlrU^wanntwhichthePacificCoaotinto its untenable attitude of the lastand it is this Administration which may now beOne of the tests of the condition of the pub-lic health in cities is the proportion of deathsseiMaa, MiTiall> on the Emperor NAroLBaa tojdsiM*<il,br«aesgaMBK vicTOE ExASDiL ss King of Bsly, aal avMidag Ma«uu 'ere.^_for IdXCOLsnn conaaqucnce of the nate of them aU that.Jsri'SB- the founderjubilant^and anticipated carry-eases,si^peenddepend,eMmdeoce which wouldstates, oadar enter upon nn-he given by the corresponding-and original proprietor ofwtth whom he was on terme of the warmest friendshipOpisi«i Nttionalt,of the proposedKth, toocnn and a fur-together nothing North or Booth will fly off.I firmly believe all the Goveraments of Europefor next »V^-Sliaht distorbancee took pteee^atrMtt onof Flooraa were Bke- i01U,FialL % nuiiwwaHM attiaeteapurpose,againstpopular freniy,expectwill become representative. The very troops sent to^^ ^;andwhomorthose which areTlie following is from a letter from Mr. so», addressed to Samcsl Hasiisoh Smiih,in advance of theand were judgment theyfouryears;OpinionmpnUng. News of the result of the Pennsylvama had formed, at the polls. The result in those expected to attempt its last revenges alike from zymotic diseases. This class includes allgreatly discourage the Disunionists, convince even the most recklessly obsti-their cause is hopeless.upon thosepowerupon by doing all ia its""in beenflwi flWtatvt t*a W- IMltOanaMrmatid Or TiniBis State 8Jjdt,^tt^aifao (6wa dict, will pat an end to all talk of dlaoalon— r9{#«Mi.oftt>eSoath. Ifitwem biaobjeette Want waathw. 9tirmtj-9«rm Hi th» %IUlf^Vcent.wUefccttUAfwththree ontUanotlier dieers for the Old DomiiiiMt ftOM lh» Brokers.yestaidBTafwenfiom-Aren0f.«niiM» TheM diseam nHdy piOTitB ia 4ha ^port of Daaiaalte Prodoee, RepnbUcan to awaken, he oooM not have timed Autumnal and Winter inonths, and t^1k« Ooattoi'teDee ntwai of Tnia ftr October showagain in the.Extemper which the sadden parade Af force la so Vietorr. aptPrealdential election.anmaeinthesevery regioBs that Hi- poyolardeatbakinds.in Oetoborcent.I,.., «r«^T- _ TheBtoetim—UaeolBTrinmrbant. New-Yorkwasyesterdayheardandanswered. Northernpeopleintimethattheyare thusin seontobe,however,noindicationsfofaaepi-'i^.rs^sTJ'Sofeveryhonestand respectable dtiaen ofit is not unreasonable, therefore, to warn the mortality for some months to come. Tltere dangerofbeingcommittedbyarecklessFed- demicoffever,andthedeathsatpresentareItistoo toeaity speakconfidentlyofde-The election of Mr. Liacou to the Presi-dency of the United States may or may eral to collisions of which no mantailed reaoUs ofyesteiday'aelectioar- Butnot be that "direful spring of woes willauthoritymostly attrtbatable to local causes.Diphtheriawasthereportedoaoseof1,8,4 and 6 or a total of the deathii. 13, dnrisgfour weeks of October. This disease is aBiribtldf• prJSiiThe Mall lii—Jifr BoyaltherecanbenoTeasonabledoubtthattheRe- oonumbered" which lightly the opponents of results.assume to estimate thepossiblepaUicans hare elected their President. It has the Bepublican Party have for monthsconceded that the iasue lay proclaimed that it would be. It may or mayA Real Danger at the Sontb.beenwith Kew-York,—and New-Vork caato her vote for LiHCOLjr. What the majority wlU beunlTeraaUynot result in theWecomparatively recent addition to the causes Virginia, Kentucky of death in tiie weekly reports of this anddissolution, immediate orregardthe result ininfnintjcar^^of'rain^"manufactarersfrom Butanother;subjugationperilenr eatimate vf 44,000. Peonqrhranla haa^ Kew-TorktenderthecommandofOsobobSas acter may-ariaeinits plaee. nereisteaaon delphiaduring.the same four weeks there Abriefwuawi|tl.*m-^titttj^herniiiQari^ of Oaialavc, ^i^iiinM»«o (earn to Aari6t.1iikt thi» jR'ew.cuts, and in the crMtieB of a Southern Empiia -to apprehend n^fn ihsuirtetiotu, mora it were 48 deaths fiom cUphtheria. It ^aa notCapeitaM, Ttoaaiirmie^^&eieaa^toTurcos and roM-over less eztetisive, in variosa of the y«t been apidemfc in afiy Eiutem city ..except peiiiSBS Albany. It was «pidenBie~ thefe in-tbe Aa-'3rk:|i»^4^pir10 ofyears age. JAke|lteyn)tecta^^.Jlieah'ScarMttiiaitis also a heartaifwhaathe disease of cold weather and may be expected^ae^wandplheil^tai»UiKefy'Re^\ifniHS&Bmmjeow.These-ar^*ji.pt^tn-South.HowikrtheywiUapread,6^Withtiimn0(1856,and.dMtivyadshoutITSehll- Tbm iftiMi: on wte«(^f^ not worth while jostxrt what circumstanctns efbcwrpraadattttcl^ ftey drea. This disease, fiiseaoirlatina, ismQ^y Urn•^l^\t!n fi'tttpMSlAt» ^Mt ont thiato speculate, wh&% no one WwBS H^aUt tu may i>e attended, it is impesaibto t» predictfoY treatlDg gfaytay, ttad 'wbich K U hddljr filit we fear fhU they wi)i tidce place in many-confined to ctdiAreii, a'large autjority of tlMvictims of diseases being between 8 and bo^The~ fair: either to the course of events' -m to' the of the Sotalh, and that r6iy csonsider- ; sectioi^^them, ' if elected final overthrow of the existing national Gov-year^CityTheof New-York has seenof Fed- again, by stump speakers,againstItis stated thatihe ITngllih fiil^lial.downfall of the old Democracy at Wash-other. This assertion has been the wholetaavlncat Ifaplas, hafl ta«rlington bringsand nook greatMetropolis,anundistinguishablecloudofexplicitThe of Sardinia, is Us Kingwere from consumption more than half were tlnues to tlireatan me. Not fang ;nowith the Government. We would be impossiblepartiesinterest in contradicting it It isthat the slaves should not haveOne-seventh, of all the deaths in Octoberthis general description all the public servants appointed byYork ; we certainly do not so include thosewhom, having appointed them, our Old Public Functionary has since most assiduously and successfully labored to alienate and to annoy.next Spring;but thea, withyonri.-SemvBent admisistration the country hasseen.fiv a long time. But they must not con- the now demolished Democracy that we Theyceal from themselves the obstacles which they owe the association of this and kin-to encounter.lt would be unsafe to esti- Tbe Vote of Tirgiaia—Disnmon Rebuk- even be a little difficult for the incoming Ad-.?compelledthe result of Lixcoln's election. AU this yesterday givensocial repute of such a kind, that it may ministration to prevail upon men of characterOneofthemostthe canvass is the fact thather vote for Bkll and Evxbitt. The Disunion would have—has been done by Southern men, by slave-holdersthemselves. TheMissouriDemocrat puts the case very clearly and justly in an ar- ticle published some days since, in which itEagland, In tiie peteon of Imed in the Sontb.hold tlie canse of natlnnal aaA tad^nndanBe,gratifying Virginiahas castaccept endureda fewRynderses years longer, this difficultyUfe that h«.had oader his ceauaaai, aad fer port, a legion of the free cUldnnaf ]'pM*growncarried ttotb Maryland and movement could have received no heavier blow traditions of office are a part of the moral treas- ants of the Republican Party are the authors of thisinflamma-tory influence had been for weeks at work, not yet much exceed 19,000 mea.editioa of our paper goes totoo few returns from the Con- Fennsylvaniaalways regarded Virginialowed or follow in its train. The slave has beard strange noUes In the air whenever he has heardto announce a Anal list of the Union — ;great safeguardsof determination, met on this field of con-flict and exercised the highest prerogative of dnaUon.their civil state in such an" absolute freedom,' It was reported that efforts had Ithan this, at the hands of the Old Dominion.grievous delusion, and the overt acts which bare fol-Mr. JiFFXBSOHandand a minority, stung by attacks the most un- may sparing and unscrupulous, into an iron tem-Im been defeated by Mr. Apfletoit, portion of the Confederacy would with- their Ofthethe who tion, jof Slavery. It hasten dinned Into his ears soeven from disturbanceor LAHoaionsa to accept the post at Papal ini«ia atIV-^saH* by Bauxbt, (Bep.) The Bepublican and exercise a veryas theso long as they stood by the fied to the ambition of the best men indraw. a central They occupypositionthe Press and the stump have so rung with it— that he believes It at last. To con£rm him in hia error,kind, as could not have been guaranteed to a ofthe Russian The textnote to SarfiBiB,lBwhetherhisi$«m.die Sixth, Gen. Wasd &omthe federacy and the interposition of these was not a vagabond. It is no doubt equally true No wonder thatQuietly, unostentatiously and impar- idians of the public peace did^nth,to-day,predecessorhe believes the of prophetic dayuniversal emancipation is at hand. Such is the meaning of the declarations he has heard irom the lips of those to whom Oc looks for instruction and in-mejD..always prevent any hostile collision between the remoter and morehas nowTim twnl linins nf thin Titj hnrr been diversely direct and unmistaliableWthbi Bkatlaine from the Eighththat no man ought to feel himself unfitted for the company of his fellows because his fatherM)4ed at the every point by gen-^^Nsffi New.Jer8ey, we [hear the gratify-tiiat Speaker Pxbninoion lias ultra members.M ^iM^gloyer Pkbkt, his Fusion antagonist.to be forhappened hung horse-stealing.her vote in the most manner, against usBut formation. If pious, he chants the more popular ofthe hvmn-book melodies with a new emphasis, im- agining tiiat he is already transported to Canaan,unanimity25th, annouaces tfcaloA conference of aa hour*s duration.we have no conclusivereturns of the;HappyLandand If he Isdisposed,Ihaln.ltM'«|lipch'%aies aa have reached us at thistwo States would greatThere have done the samecan be;Disunionists.no'ofParty spoken of by Its opponents. H» per has heard the white 1^nn, his owner, declare at public ^enididatea. In Haasachusetts Ur. Constitution, he did not believe that any community, by the memories which belong to meetings that the sole object of thtU party is the aboli-influenceMr. Wwm b chosen from the Third, Hr. Kebrioxn both sections of the Union. The extremes of say that it matters very little to the honest offi- lishtd in the papers which his master reads, asfjttttm wera elsewhere successfal. In this City, liir^ 1^. Tatlob fi-nn the Fifth, Mr.strongupon fluences which affect his fellow-creatures, will theof the Abolitionists arerepub-like in like circumstances, any the Russian Minister to Turlsi is orderad fcrthwMlt^n- population,where else in the world by regiments of armed demand his passports and quit Toita wiik aU Iha yavopinion p— in the extremes of the Con-revail cialofthe authorized Northern sentiment. wasor expression ofsonnelle ot the Legation, is publiAed. fa itassumes aGoETSCHAXOPF high tone hiwaiiliand denounces her actions.THE ROYAL MEETING AT WARSAW.dayregarded bythe English were ofgoeed tot, ^mpad -dasga.4i|iiiv.. -..^to hold. It is to the theory and practioe^ofhad the least desire, to instill into his mind dred offices with' personal habits and false and delusive hopes of emancipation asTheure of the State. It ia a positive element{in the national prosperity that the seats of power should be balanced to the thoughts and digni-:into ancourse,takes a sublime satisfaction in scorning the in-annoyance of anyand men of orderly and respectable lifeis said as to the result of thebeyond a qnesttoBable stotementtntoe Pads Opimiam Nationale that the Rosalaii Ckaryt m^gUm at ftstsreceived a telegram on the Mh, to thaHtoadafaCM^impossibility.' We deliberately assert that the Southern assailuponpassions every possibleThe entire Preach fbree tn the 1he cannotberationallyexpectedtostepwithout probablysetsaboutconcoctingplotstoacceleratetheauguryNothingprnnnnrtlim.otherwisedoubt that Kentucky and Tennessee a sort of disgust into the shoes of persons great event. That disturbances should result from have been offered to the actualheard it and incessantly,*"iW« ttBut above all, we shall have established at We mean only the confidential and selected ments, which have recently met our eye, in October presents nothing of a remarkable Gasibaui. He may be a little iMenty-aeTen thousand, has, Washington a rule of honesty and patriotism, show that the negroes have imbibed the same or startling character. There seems to be has BO nobler spbttorson. Ipersons of the Presidential phalanx ; the men 'SDcb meagre returns as in place of the corruption, imbecility and in- whom, like RTBintBS, he has advanced to offices notions concerning Lincoln as prevatied con- no prevailing epidemic, the diseases incident offered Urn artUlary, but he has leAuU It ibriit-demonstrated the trigue which have controlled our public coun- once held respectable, only to make those cerning Fbemont,—and it would not be at all to the season are not more prevalent than tared himself that he eoaIdtd[eGviiafeyati9<M|I seriovs reduction we had a change in these respects. The Re- violent, indecent and vile. It is not many The responsibility for these outbreaks can- should be, prevented, the health of the'City la the l«th the Brldsh LagloB wan aider iiaibrth»iMaJlj>nu^rity oi Cvbtih in p^licanscitizens of not be laid at the door of the Republican probably as good aaParty. Its orators and journalists have had expect no access to the ears of the Southern slave.totaaa«~Mf(^. >,now hare it in theirtfal basis for the most useiiil, popular aadwe could have reason '3to years ago that the office of Maishal of thetime. The RoyaUals caaae fa lliMn^ o«|tpower lay United States wasNew-York as one which no man need blu^having substantiallyother cities. It is more or less prevalent in which aafled ftoB Ura^dotatithe next two or threetober does not indicate the probability of an votes were east Ibrthe lungs. in this publicans in the Southern States. The ora- parents.'groeahigh places — eral dominion of the ancient and most conversations, andfish-like race of the Rynderses. The papers from one end of the country to theill— one tiling is assured to us by the utter and navetobelievethatMr.every portion'ofHa^les anneKattott, Atin the most and charge openspecialisays whoseMtaap-OfiBcial documents dunr that the Stateaaaiit tt Wm bombardment of ABCona having been eaoiedap aim a flag of truce had been held oat, is a "v^i^ff |theRepublicanincendiary sjreecheswould being to take. The new dynasty of the nation agony in his case must be as great as that experienced his senses can think without a shudder of the European Congress baa l>cen adopted. (SoaianalBatawhose hands theyTimOSSti JtimT. HofTnnn, Becorder; Edward in Georgia and Louisiana and in other South- has therefore a specific work in this direction by the God-forsaken Millerite, whom no chariot of scenes which must yesterday have been en- this in proper quarters."to do, which has been deferred quite as longas the public servicecanbear. Thesimplethat the executive offices of prospect ordinaryfire or cloud bears happy realms of light-"from thehousetopacted in our streets had the protection -Ofwhoseby the associates of rowdies, shoulder-hit-W.ood, those heroes of the 26th.The Paris Pays and Patrie deny the report fa Iknto be filledis impossible for respectable men to endure, theyMayorhis Honor's siege of the City Hall, would have Ojiinione Rationale relative to the Conforencee.good-natureless intolerable than their insolencebyspe- itself, or should be, sufficient to reconcileIly thanked byOumuLDi. fte rote of the Electors at Washington in Th—e Republicans have elected their Presi- The effect upon the public health has not how-OfimoHt Nmtionale that Aus-jmin upon negotktiinia with February shall inform him that a Republican dent'at a pacific aolntioD of the President has been elected. ministering the Government do not devolve ending October 27, there were 1,611 deaths inbut thepowerandresponsibilityof ad-ever,been marked. In the four weeks verysight, this looksPalmetto State had determined to try conclu-new jnovenmts of a military These indicate a on the upon them until the 4th of March, 1861. For the City, an increase of 107 over the corre- placeIn Inly. things disposition,FRANCE. with the rest of the Union, and had An Imperial decree had beenW« should:. Baueb, the newly elected Sen- were to yield at once to these evidences of a the Cabinet of Mr. Bcchanak, a man of des- October, from thia class, was Sftt^or nearlyapponents,It must bemy reUwaMat of my successors has been so assured me all was going on fw Oe best„, the Kai'werenot be greatly surprised if they maa, at least,«f deaths in:the and State,Mt Dsab Siathe Mh, and now inclose for »' B"""stumpingsre with ttie greatest en-hostile public sentiment, and make nomovement towards the schemes.:r&om'the Washoe mininc re-tbst shown noaverage pTopwUaa, dttf^g^the year,troduction to M. m *Tance. oualotance I have now livingwmraUns, tm oi^- .•^badbeeno^New-Tork.resort arms with the tocompleted which lead two hundred feet at which depth the ore The Oregon Le-uncertainSome of the moat tBIa^^SIass are scarlatina,tBseenre and current of social liie.of to^ withquellspiritNaplespn^ertyand Englaad-bul there U notfatag to anttan- ticate them.moder- doubt,iherefore,thatwedialluer-Confederacy,were quitetoNow, however,cent, of the whole namber. Thia dis- ease destroyed 840 children in the City, duringcuUsTseneibUityofVienna from Warsaw on S"TM'*'' r*accomplUhing that result.the1869, andtttelaat three monthstiea solemn reception. . .. '. .•EreryWe hareI-can aecompHBh no poUticaland we mustfixed^rUj.. _ m,he, t r *;;>—further perate consummation of their reputationpoMticaa blackening into ruin, basafaeot the'«««i°' in- Da Lamvstts, the only pers«ut to-the negatiationa"""^fr? oontenanee of the Bev*already remembered, moreover, that the of such a purpose.in tlie City War Secretary Fiotd, promluantcan lltUe to you. having withdrawnThe main motive tofflseaaes ofBaron Hcssia had a privaK;willinggive4^ perillnotlongendure. PanmwlUbeanimgedontbeThe EmperorA'»«»JTM*"^*J^S»^i^JS*very speedilyfaulthear tiveoftheSecretary,itis«not'n4>ldlylittleour hopestlie of the trorW »«itselfisPoliceofyesterdaydidtheirdutyblindusto sidingatsundryeducationalsailiilliei Bfa iiieiillins.it has cheatedto-make bad worse at the South. One ta atoor less extent upon causes whichfirstinmany years,to" " Tbe Cardinal Primate of Hungary hi|l,iv^^ni ":signsOur COTMapaadent at Bombay furnishes us with part eTen of the most ultra and extreme the four coming months Qie Democratic Ad- •pondlDg period in 1859. This increase of stalked into the field under the banner of a price of tobacco fa France IS p«r eeatawietyatinterestingIntelligencefromIndiaand ministrationremainsisnomorethantothenew Pretendertothethrone. Weshallcaused great dissatiafaietiaB fa the tower etaare mMe of the American Disunionists, to await the developments offorthegreaterholds a place of power in might be removed.Uon, its inspirattoB being attrtboted to tbe EoWaror.fbr acquiescing in these disunion has already begun take ostentatious steps cholera infantum, diarrhioe^ dysentery, andthe Mih. Snder their care. I am sorrv to our npenses The Parts Bourse wasbut is to meet menaces has ceased to operate. So long as towards preserving the Federal property in fevers of various kinds.' Of the 1,611 deathsrr«ater than our income. Debt and revolution areandeffect ItUmarwable as cause th« point of pe-In our aadpeople, one which theyif It could obliterate geogra^iihiaal division wliich The ship* generaUy hid ttey have no such temptation to silence. cupy the arsenals at Fayetteville in North of that year the deaths were 61,94,120— threatened and still threataasonr separation. Thisit But mo- are if this were thefour ofowe topssslwis which would breakAustriaU to asserted that the warUSa prepaiattsnadecreasing, though duringof Umen meeting* iu fiC4rif all Uie SvuUiera stand why be should have overi<>okod the Which numbel only Si died during the last mMced.-'**-''www.fultonhistory.comsymptoBWsay of to them from the dayod*»-UntitledDocnumenow thanwill do whatever may lie in their powerfromHealthoftheBletropolis. October is generally one of the most agree-would leave for thefr hoBM on reqieettvetheir But whatever may happen, they cannot,withanyshowofjustice,holdthetopreventtheirfalsehoods proper fruit.bearingmade wild workLet not thewiththecontestof1860. with which theyeardaring'for tte catwaltanafresponsible.the merits of the organizationalone—OurspeechespoUtiealallaifana.able months in ourour cities it is usually one of the most healthy. Carolina sends us the information,—whichcon- mortalityMr. Hatfield, in various cases taking any public perils may population. ably, Cloud, >(anlM« Fruo*,n called upon to adjudicate. cisive action on the subject ; and if they do menace the Union, they must meet them. in the four weeks named, 862 were males and murder and sudden death in all their forms. exception of Bosqon, who is nnweil, wer^ t! •'••BitC'j"»nph«"ints Southernsentiment,before de-ductof affairs.'Whatever increaseof Ofthe1,611deaths therefore,havepredictionsofbattle, atwhichau(he 9f yfia^^of India, our correspondent thia, there can be no doubt of the result. It The country must rely upon Mr. Bcchanan's 759 were females. This is in arcordaiieS Xcnihance. It is said that the Emperor wished to e i—alt We apprehend, however, that the movement them on a new plan he had suggested for the (ormarbeing abolished through new^apers and literature,wasfirmness andcities. the Duringsafetoiced by the English. At the people of the South would take noto avertusualruleinallIbaFnochofa Chineae junk per- Bltltidi Commissariat to transportpeople Theybeen attacked and>pcrt of Wauchu, by the British navalfound to be the mostthe path disgraced largethe curious fact that with aInearlyallkilled,serious peril Republic. Beaten andinnorthern cities,obeying a law of Congress yesterday inpointingelectorstovoteforBbzckinriogiand wUlnolongerpause,butwiUendaayortoaaWf Lane. Instead of being a disunion move- Modena, Florence and Bologna, aad than oa^kr*perfectlypredict in advance that wisdom,patriotism,thelargehas no such importance. South Carolina, as the world, knows, does not entrust the choicetlon of an army of reserve.The Army of Lyons was aboutConsiderable sensation had been caused In Paris hrdown every movement towards disunion, un- less they could see their way through veryit Is asserted thatwhatever dangers the country may be com- year 1869, the proportion of tlie sexes whoto be reinforced.hasty'ranaa by the authorities, and em- practical view of the whole subject, and put portant period for which he will still remain ia males. But in the living population of thisdition would be better out of the Union thanexisted on account of step in tills matter—that they would take a pelled to encounter during the brief but im- died in New-York was 116 males to 100 fe-of Presidential electors to heroffice. City there is constantly an excess of females, It is, indeed, greatly to be feared that the the proportion in 1855 being 92 males to 100 ttiffWeie flogged. A large party of clearly, and satisfy themselves that their con- Administration at Washington will now be females. We find then, here, as in othermust bein all the States ofeoaspiraefof the crew were killed, and when ,efwB.tttfisf Chinese merchants went tore-Congress, dayappointed thechangeablecorrespondent at the State Capital of Southand more stormy than the average of Octobers.former, and charged an Innocent maa mUk Ite rebellion. It looks as if the passed upon Mtnjjss.ta M^lastisthemost&talofaUdtviiions. Ithaseverbeennow a direct interest Carolina, and at Augusta in Georgia. Were making a total of 266. Experience shows my creed that the contiBnaaee of our tTpfts depends dera to commence preparaOonsSouthernmanhasiwere restricted, in silenchig the disunion clamor,—because it this done merely as a precautionary measure that scarlatina i»evails most in cold weather, entirely on PenunhraoU and Virginia. If they hold I^scis JoeiFH as King of Hungaij-^ «veatany sudden outbreak ofwas a riiade deiingea boaineas, fanpalrs credit, renders andby way of keeping Southern mobs out of from itan increase of mortality tiie coming months.,Piiceawhile itinterrupts the whole the way temptation, there would be no Cholera infantum, diarrhoea and dysentery Ter, and. canj-H back to their own eoontry. we Humorsduringthe weeks named tliey destroyed 122 persons,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^_-'theamong living,a certain amountofsupportearlyto Increaseof the Southern States montha. The small liumber of deaths in Oc- nezation qoaatloa. Ia the CttyThere can be no doubt at all that the ne-duringWe havecompelled, were 36,231 votes la fanir otLincoln, would set them free. They have heard this asserted, over and overand in paitisanepidemicfiromour observations of the history of the dis-ease, to expect that it will hereafter add largelyto our bills of mortality. Of the 1,611 deaths left Maples for Oaeta, Bot to hrssT tfca Wim t aila, fcut in October, 107 were from inflammation of to protect the flight of the rai«.Signor staple of the warfare waged against the Re- of this number were the children of foreign Royalimanner,have felt that they had dreds of deaths every year from this disease.under 10 years of age 90 were from violent ;theKmparat'iifriholders and inhabitants of New^York have The /oanuir^u Deters aa^ :> Tka cause to rejoice in the proof which was Js liamedlately attached to Oa]i rfliilaiaai tlielection which our times have seen, yesterday sacriflces she mads in aen.aBaaaalaMMyto'i^'Policesystem.mpst exciting generalaigs>ifcndwith an beyond all praise, as it cer- that the three Princes and their Hisisiers held a^fitainly was beyond all expectation.TJlriiwifeelingpeople,AWarsaw of the telegraitf,which has made that completeness possible.were devxdd ofYorkshiremen were very enthdstaatic ta^Mb MM^ tlon of the Premier.are the appointed byto a law ofand accord- the publication of an article In the Opinion trationalt,tbewlU catch«f those morbidof reform atall aaaUiid the sacrificeLegislature,fa wUchof the Sovar-of thehappiermeeting else but aingon the sameUnion. South Carolina, therefore, was only of a " go-between in this recoastractibB of tbe BairAlliance. ThearticleaArmsthatAustria,aasmedrafthe yational InZtlhgrncer,Thereserve, faat Anatrta hadgotlatloBaMth France in order to bring «•><"'»MowTicEixo, April la, 1821.I received yefterday yoor favor of»"x*TM* J?" dflc solation of the Italian queetJon, .^.Sevent at being *r~~oTpoUtics Iall attentionMy confidence in both ^„»uv^"i,>»^~ duU. Rentescloseden^ethatItperor onontfenaj^fifml^ European Congress to nistia>BAhKi^m^'t%0cause.The recent article fa the CsMlifaHswsf oa tteAtWarsaweverything goeswell. Thejrtaclptaafa Tbe Royal party, on the 2Sth, wo* to kav* ,MkWarsaw for Skcemewlcz on areckless Janissa- theillnessoftheDowager-EmpressoflUiariaeaoaadthe eigns at Warsaw Is nothingtog^thepropoSBdUtamtorttooWfaatoWr.the^- were afloat of a oonunereJal treaty het*aa»from Rasda and  '^"I'f "li^«l'""i'T' "Ti i'