 .i*Awtat fraehuv wbisirkjnga*»•> coin- '^eioatth* »-itob«rordrJobs inkers of mansiontveyeaxt it.|t'r.e most-, and for lat Cfmexn* tin be ae-JPrieon In- tow, Iowa I publish ari>*n Htn> **»« Sarn- ie extrero-auraebani, randeon ofeeently ap- se a £*vor- ys.West son is ky of ibeAylesbury, \ e House of with a de- al imagesuuiiy inter- d A petitionperor. H« ,th, and hisin bis 80- j ited to him on of theirCharlettoniding part-f GrrnueD,le concern, - » isend con- •endidresi- Ponrteenth?o. wifl re-h*s eon, srse to b9connected f hie son* h^'i'iw Ofle S'Jste at>hn Brown :<•flee fromorreepond- of i&daee, kodreee.th*future janchies Legkla^concede* Seats, lo H-imaiooitiee by & d&ejfc ta d by thtA eorre« -*aet eyen- ypoke for before the ienee that sw it filled,'55. The«|_ iJL Mre. raeto say ags, sweet- ie. Whenthe.enjoy- eaeedfronxah* was d ujeee de- jadabeca#* •more titan eeoneeded. >cheard on-,r-e balk*- ansible, but minting her* tbe i^aeen •nd the re- v'*ax, w a sliamentas 31-32, a n d tt-ep'ion of.of the lata 1,and was 4-ty Frances, im Taylor, hom ^e has ury Charles, 342. Lordsometime one for Tre- 1inthe first aber, 1833; yA tn adoel a 1801; and sonly deter 1&58.m*y; bet he is sow ecgaged in preparing a pamphleteontafomg b» rvwona for faking' the eoarde he has. SPECTXATIONS IN DEMOCRATIC QUARTERS RE- co^tiuou-g lie debate upon hie c*ee> the Hrgum«nt ofhieeonaael,MM!biscommentsandcrvocluaton*up»u SPECTINCTHEPRESIDENTIALNOMINEE.tbe wbo*e eubjeet. Tbw pamphlet mil be pub'ined From »n Occ«rfon*l Corrotpondeixt.POtwo edit-on*; the one printed in all tbe luxury ofSn* paper a&d large ty :e, illustrated w*th the newtTheis excHing J the Houseilor has t e - «-A:<i against which are,members of u Hr. Hy- ling,a v«ywhich allwen blinds,Wbesflfe* i t f u r n i t u r e .biog. Theabaut table, uuE fixtures, septiniazyo ; walls and jeropulous^ 1 bae beenlaa will be nxnodatious. y his impns- to maTicaha*Iskeve* it li be wrong" Sot that he eerted that»compoleory aj ouestions: Hedenie*. jes, either aa . hat nothing >*it his in- 1« ean soifer hut resolved*jo s^pe^ias gas comfort-' as poseible, T.:Ufa. tO hiSswere iigpBoston.*«ipromise, he kept the faith and followed the fortunes occupy, in the general estimation, here, that promi- probable they are trying to aid the trae'e of Boston obliged to apeak again eound conclusion A number of New-York Aldermen;would give us quite as much anxiety as.that of them. That is all. ^;; Stephen A. Douglas and Alexander H. Stephens. It is jubt as well to come right to the point of this Breckinridge, who just now is winning golden matter fiist as last. This Republic is going to ab- opinions from all sorts of people, is regarded as tho sorb the unpeopled territories of Mexico, and per- man most acceptable to Douglas of all his rivals. haps parts of Central America, at no distant day. His letter to Illinois-in the bight of •the Senatorial The question is, which of our two systems of civili- contest is alleged to have turned the tide of battle zation shall possesss them ? Shall they be occupiedgive his views on the subject.. •V'.-. »aermon will be preached by the Kev."Dr. Cammings, Pastor of St. Stephen's. In the evening, at half-past 7 o'clock, the famous Vespers of Donizetci will be per-NEW-YORK DAILY miBUJJE, FRIDAY, MARCH 23,H4 «**** r f *»** intention of employing his time ia FROM WASHINGTON. confidently classed 1 Oh, the littlenesses of, great the first place, it will enliffge our army and in- ollefct snnals cite a char«cter ss the father of their crease in revemso. "t/ast ftta the expense of edto&ag:men-f i. eM great according to the current standard crease its expenses mdefiuflely. With a military trad*. Bnt there was a Cain, older than Tabal-Catcr— ,tbe namtre on the streets was greater than the xeceift*at Washington. • v ' force in Mexico, another in Ntearagua, another in he who wa# the son of Adam, aad killed Abel. An& of the sales. It is beMeved" by some that the proce «ds on this oeeoaion I claim the superior antiquity for the 1To return tr> Douglas. He is relentlessly pur- Honduras, and others elsewhere in Central Ameri- leatler dealers' trade, because Caia gave his brdther might be swelled 1&$75,000 cr $1/»,0OO, if ic w«re a#6ied bytheAdministration.. Though VJ.;JB.," ca,weshall,soonhaye.a,prettymess.enoiir,hands. Ab*lahsdijcg. [Lotg-continusdlaughter] lehill ve/tiMid,andthemanuredisposedofinthesameman and B"me of his o|ffi6ml:adyi8ers,, Qn^'h^pcfe'fl-^.wi-,. ; ! ^ s ^ ^ l i l y e | a - ^ a f |<feri&h^;ifti^|ji^i##(BJ iforiber cempfitneut you, becanse you are rich and ntrss contracts to the highest bidder. W derlings hero at the Capifal and all over the coun- know it, and on foreign soil, paid by our people to pro6pe>ons,.arid hence saucy [laaghterl, and wdl notjHho§rapbe procurable in tb'8 country of Senators gtra.ner and Hale, bis defenders in the Senate; the other in a cheap form—bo h to ?>edistrioutod at c wt-One good has already ie*u3ted from **>• Hyatt oincarceration. A young negro, some twenty yearsold, dirtv, Tagged and wretched in appearance, already as tbe acerage of the cmrent though!; which circu-hnprieoued » x months, applied to Mr. H. to be t»«enintoh?e fcrvice a* attendant. Of oar** hi* history lates in and aTour.d tins go^sipiop, iotriguins: capi-was inquired into, and it was found that he «c« a iree tal, always filled to repletion with fashionable idiots, negro, trom the neigiborbood of Frederick, Md.; thathe"haecometotbiscitrtoseekemploymeataudthat, politicalcharlatansandmanagers,androguesoftry, are doubtless among the most corrupt caitiffs,being,ignorant of the laws, he h*d remained h«ie morethan feu days without Kavhig obtained formil permis-sion of tbe Kayor. Hence he was arrested, uned, andbe&g raaWe to give a sat s'actcry account of himself, ago, bis star Keemcd to be in the ascendai-t. The was sent to ja«, where be has s«nce remained at a costevident that the number of persons cognizant of his colonization of the country with slave labor. That of its wealth and importance. Coaung.as I do from a Literature, Owen-Jones, Edward Dobron, and L. S. Kobert*. -,'scheme was exceedingly small, and that the Repub- is the whole of it. The Slave Power desire an en- portion of the Uniou now excited bj economical ques-» —A householder in a Western village in filling up. his census schedule under the colimn headed, " Where cabal of which the arch Louisiana Senator is theMonday, at the aame hour.the fact that she had swallowed the juice, which wascence le^tJly e«tabliiih«»di. Nothing but a do sire to <uear my char- name by virtue of tradition—the present cynosure of to tbe deceased, after relating the points in his life, the acter beiori; the world induces me to tronble yon. Yourg, tic.cheek, and breast were smeared with the foul s uff in her dj ing struggles, alone in her room. Before she letixed she felt a deadly eickness, having swallowed some of the juice; but as she had used it so long, nothingwasthoughtofhercomplaintuntilitwas too late.—John A. Washington is preparing to remove from Mourt V ernon to hh* new eetate, about30miles distant. Ha personal popularity at home has recently been shown in hi*election (J. C. Rives having previously"bees- clotted and declined) *is President of the Potomas ani Piedmont Agricultural Society.—Rufsa S. Clark, who ditd is Southampton, Mass., last Winter, some weeks before his death ordered his ccJha to be made, superintended the work, told what trimminga he wished to havo put on it, chose ths de- positois and even the hor?e and driver he wished to convey him to his final reating-place. He purchased a pah of gloves f/c the driver and each of the depositors• — - • •I to wear en the occ&aion, and paid thirty dolhurs for hiseoffla.—Tbtf Rev. T. S. King will sail for California on the5th of April, to take charge of the Unitarian Church in San Francisco. Some gentlemen of the Unitarian con- gregations of this city and vicinity have invite i him to meet thsm and their ministers at a social breakfast on the 4th of April, which is intended,to be of the friendly and religious character of the usaal Mayassemblj in Boston. Wm. C Bryant is expected, to preside. Ladies will be preeent, and the occasion promises to be of interest, more general than was at first intended,and rather denominational than personal." - I . J M , , . , ^ , , , . , . , , . 1 . 111. — - . 1 . 1 • — "ambition in the person of his colleague, Gov. Brown. Like everybody else in the Senate, big and little, Gov. B. is a candidate for the Presidency. He was earlier in the field than Davis. His name flaunted from the mast-head of several Mississippi newspapers long ere Davis's was mentioned in con- nection with the Charleston nomination. But, in the art of obtaining a conspicuous place in publie estimation/and especially among the thinkers of the South, bluff, off-hand, devil-may-care, hail-fellow- well-met Albert G. Brown is no match for courteous, cautious, considerate, contemplative Jefferson Davis. Davis lords it over Brown; and Brown is restive. Brown .introduces into the Senate.a string of reso- lutions about Slavery in the Territories. Davis affects not to like them; and in-rejection was moved yesterday, and will be carried•>The Republicans only oppose that269 relieved, 140 discharged at their own request, and-315 died. Patienta who are able to pay are chargedf' As IMVUOVXXENT OK THE CALORIC EN-OISE —Mr. troduces a string of his own.. Both sets findthe total nurnbeu of patienta was 283; those discharged recovered, 55;, improved, 32, of whom 12 subsequently were sent home and recovered; not improved, 26 died, 18; remaining, 152.16 Book^an-si*,. sole Agent tor the United States, [Ad-vertissment}Di» SWEET'S INFALLIBLE LIKIMENTIs the great External Remady of tho ago. Trylt,rAdvertisemeaLltl€MHlions of Bottles of Mrs, WiNSLOw's So<xrH-Henry H» P«ne of Worcester, Mass., somewhan famove a few years ago for water-gas experiments, now claims to haveperfected at engine, to be operated by heated air, which puts Ericsson's affair entirely in the shade—as the same power can be obtained, hetheir way into a Democratic caucus of Senators; and after a warm contest, amid which Davis pius Brown to the, wall (we will not stop to note the black cyte which Fiteh gave Clingman, nor how curtly Douglas was snubbed) the caucus adoptsmW A S H I N G T O N , March 21, 1860. Sjpccola»iors in rtgard to tne man most likelr-to be named for the Presidency, by the Charleston Convention, are doubtless among the most profit- less }>ur«uifr3. Neveithe!eps, they are aa importautfake care,, of mahogany-colored ragamuftihs, In- epe>-k of leather particularly, for ail I know of it uthe rottenest rogues, ihat ever laid in wait to pick dians, Mexicans, and cross breeds of all sorts.. t) e bills I pay for tboes. Bat I may remark that the ST. DAVID'S SoeixTY.—The St. Pavtd-s (WefabJ pockets or plunder the public, still, being yet out- What sort of a job is this for us ? What do we chief charm of existence depends on what yoa deal 10. BeB«vo4ent Society held their annual meeting at Su side of the Penitentiary, they are not destitute of want to go down into that country for, with fleetn Beauty, pays the proverb, is only akin deep; and taKe DavW's Hall, No. 93 Caaal-st., on the evening of th*influence. And every one of them, from the Pres- and armies, anyway? What is the object ? To. the sVm off the most beautiful woman, and what re- 19th iist.r when the following officers wersel»ct*d toident down to the smallest Postmaster, makes it his protect our transit routes to the Pacific ? W e had maps bet a horrid skeleton. [Groat laughter, daring wrve the ensuing year, viz: ytbusiness to abuse Douglas, and plot against his nom- better build two or three Pacific Railroads, as a which the speaker retired.] . John KVMW, ?re»Went; Wilifatrn J. Wllliami, Flwf Vice- ination. And the incessant barking and snapping mere matter of economy, in preference.' ; W M S Scnui/rz then introduced Senator >V ILSOR, PreoWoot; George Morgan, Stcoui Vics-Prodd^nt; Johw85e*»e, of these official curs has some effect. "who £81(1 * Bftcortina Sec*M«yj ; &.Jon*t,Corn*pondiDg Secretary j Ob«p-allwTt*.Probably, at this present writing, the ehauees ofhere. I feel profound interest in the well-beiag and Jare», Tbonviw M. J&VOCH, Tbom«« R. Joaei, David Rlchardi; spired by the sudden raid of that extraordinary and cently said, that this military foothold it is proposed Committee on Ben«»volere<», J»me« Jo«*t, Owtel 8. Joo««, inscrutable man, John Brown; and since it became to obtain, is designed as a shelter to a gradual proireesof your trade; and this assemblage is evidence Tbomaa Lewi*, vvRilam Mftea, mad To*, R. Lee; Committee«•Mr. Douglas are waning. A month or six weekstenror of the South at the John Brown raid had its legitimate effect upon the representatives of a peo- ple who, according to one of their eminent states-nesses to the negro's identity, and to procure certified into the hands of the Republican Philistines, in copies of his free papers, which, if hi axistence, are on whose prison-bouse the negro propaganda mustthat "Uuless you take Doaglas, the Republicans obtaJBed, nothing further is necessary bnt to pay his pine for four years, unless, Samson-luce, it resorted will surely triumph."Colonization. This was Walker's whole design in time the aggregation would be so great that ordinary the most prominent are tho present acting General ("$«-•Upon Douglas, therefore, all eyes are turned asthe most probable Northern candidate. He is bit-terly, but cautiously, opposed by that most malig-nant of men and most profligate of politicians, JohnSlidell. Day and night he plods and delves to un-dermine him. Not a prominent politician of the in favor of the hard-pressed "giant." Such aby free men or slave men ? Shall they be elevated,-enlightened, illuminated, with the rich blessing ofFreedom, or shall they be sunk and sodden in thegloom of African.Slavery? This question must findits solution onthe soil. En igrant Aid Societies and"Kansas tactics will secure to them the precious in-heritance nobly won by the blood-stained TerritoryALDKUMANIC CONTESTKD SEATS.—The contestants, formedj after which the Rov. Dr. Pise wi I- deliver av and their counsel, who were to bave met with the lecture, Of the painting itself we need not say muoh. Committee of the Board of Aldsrmen at 2 p. m. yester- aa it has been already fully described in-oar own andforeign journals. It has been executed in Rome, under day, in reference to the seats for the lid and Vtilth tie direction ©f Mgr. Bedim, and has been blessed by. Diatricta, were disappointed, in consequence of the ab- the Holy Faiber. It has been consiceredi, by the beatetnee of a member, and the matter wae adjourned to judgoa, a specimen of Italian painting rarely to be metNorth and West arrives here, but instantly he is favor, in such a crisis, is not likely to be - forgotten approached by some emissary of the auti-Douglas by an aspiring man like Douglas. The smooth,with. It jg 13 feet 4 inches in hight, by 8-feet 4 inches in width. The upper part of the painting is filled with a group of ang6le, arranged eo aa Lcalian. masters alonegentlemanly, lucky Breckinridge, placed upon the born," described one of his children as " born in the eogitating brains and the animating soul. And, if his unchanged Cincinnati platform, in company with parior," and the other " up stairs." hope in the success of Douglas at Charleston doe3 Dickinson or Horatio Seymour, would be a ticketBURIAL OF THE LATE GEO. Wooc—The funeral know bow-to classify them. One aogol bears on a- ceremonies attending the disposal of the remains of the scroll thete words:. Germinavit radnz. Jesse, oHa, la*e Geo. Wood, took place yesterday afternoon, at est sCdla ex Jacob. St. Joachim ia described as looking;not speedily give place to doubt, and his doubt soon —Tfcere was a " strike" recently in the office of The lapse into despair, then his mental compositionCincinnati Commercial, and three portly [gentlemen must be a rare compound of buoyancy and inflexi-uniting rare elements of strength, and one which it would require all our wisdom and resources to beat. Such a combination has been under consideration among leading Democrats for several weeks. It is asserted that it would have the cordial support of Douglas himself, and consolidate in one phalanx allwest of Missouri. No other method will avail". the Reformed Dutch Church in Lafayette place. intently on thie. St. Anne and the Blessed Vtr^hxThe Free States should fully comprehend the fact. Lieut.-Gen. Scott, John C.Montgomery, and George occupy the center of the painting. Behind them. St.Let us have no treaties about them but of outright Gabriel is depicted in all the loveliness of angelicpurchase and annexation. And we have no imme- Law were preeent. The clergymen in attendance beauty. The painting has cost the Rosary S-»ciety of.diate occasion of these except by way of accommo- were the Rev. Dr. DeWitt, the Rev. J. €. Smith, the the Church $1,200, and-we have no doubt but that'thedating our negro-loving, negro-spreading brotliers Revi DV. Vermiiye, and the Rev. Dr. Vinton. The faithful will contribute liberally on this occasion.bility. * ' .walked in and offered tbeir services at the case. These were the President of the Cincinnati and Dayton Rail- road Company, the President of the Cincinnati and S^anesviDe Railroad Company, and the Treasurer of the Passenger Railroad Company of Cincinnati. -—Miss Tennessee Gibson died last week in Arkansas, favorite of that portion of the South who go into from the effects of snuff-dipping. She fell asleep with the Convention determined to have their way, if the u m o p " in her mouth, and was found a corpse many threats and much toil can accomplish it, butsome hours after. A post-mortem examination revsaled resolved to stand by the result and make the best ofit if defeated. H e i s the author of the recent Sena- North, would have encountered in their struggle converted into nicotine, a deadly poison. Her lips, torial caucus resolutions in regard to Slavery. for supremacy at Charleston.! :rMr. Jefferson Davis is also engaged in the taskof -demolishing Douglas. Adroit, bland iu maimer,but with a heart which knows^no fear, and a will * the now seemingly discordant elements of the party. that overleaps or works through all obstacles with-out tiring, Mr. Davis is trying.to make himself thepall-bearers were the Hon. Judge McCarthy, the Horn. ex-Judge Peabody, Hiram Ketchum, Chas. O'Conor, tho Hen. ex-Judge Roosevelt, Joseph Blunt, and Seth P. Stapel. The Rev. Dr. Vermi'ye opened the eermon, by reading the 15th chapter of tho First Epistle to the[Freatnan's Jctmv&LThese authoritative dogmas breathe a most intense Southern sentiment, but yet are intended by their acute and skil ful author to hit the medium between the radical Calhoun doctrines, so ostentatiously proclaimed by Wise, The Charleston Mercury, and the disciples of that faith, on the one hand, and the Popular Sovereignty latitudinarianism of Douglas and his followers in the North and West, on the other. Of course, Davis, if he hopes to prevail, must defeat Douglas; and to that extent he sympa- thizes with his enemies, and joins hands with them in trying to overthrow him at Charleston. Still, he is not so bitter as Slidell, confining his opposition wholly to public grounds, while SlidcH's enmity is both personal and political. Unqestionably Mr.'Douglas encounters serious obstacles, and which he finds it extremely difficult, if not impossible, to overcome, in the opposition of so cunning and malig- nant a tactician as 3ohn Slidell, and so acute and determined a politician as Jefferson Davis.enraged, and Mr. Buchanan is deeply exercised himself finds no mean obstacle in the path> of his and offended., A reconsideration of the vote ofleather dealers—has just encountered a fact which Rev. gentleman spoke of the deceased as an honorableNew-York,PETER BRUNCfi, mat*ship Bernard. Maroh 20, l«i>0.In passing, it may be remarked,, that Mr. Davis»ir»*t, lot20 by iw> »«. :••":;:"',zz:"'- ?*22r and wagons, 17; railroad accidents, 0; suicides, 2; Do. do. No. n Rodnty; street, lot 25.by.lOS.... 3,13ftsunstroke, 2; various other causes, M; total, 174. Of Adrian H. Muller also aoii the following*the whole number of patients, 1,771 havo boon cured, Hon** and lot No. 30 Greone street, 25 oy 100.....••••>"•• •*£*> Loft, with building in rear, 42 Gonverneur-st, 24x102.3... a,950»yt, with one-eeventh the quantity of fuel. His im- the resolutions of Davis, with slight modifications, Senate at the last Congress with great pertinacity.STREET DIRT.—The revenue arising from the salsof Btrcet manure is annually decreasing, for some un- ChUdrwTeethlrifcwl^neTor-ralflng snoceaa. Relief klauoo-srovemert is represented to bo based upon the asserted wet that " air which has been impregnated with a cer- ain amount of moisture iu the shape of vapor will readtfy expand by the application of heat, to seven time* the bulk with which the same volume of dry orand ignores those of Brown. And Brows, wishing to prevent the success of his colleague at Charles- ton affects Douglas, though secretly, for fear of the fire-eaters, and while all the time seeming todiats and certain. ^.Only 25 cents a bottle,mfAdvertisement]But the authority was always refused. Since thenhe has made himself busy negotiating treaties whichdo the same thing. He has made one with Mexi-co, another with Nicaragua, and a third with Hon-duras. In each of them he has got the same stipu-lation as this in the treaty now before the Senate,which the Republicans insist upon striking out.They will adhere to this position on every treaty. CMM*. tfca diiver of tfa* Mm, WM tppfefceoaod tuid tacked up Cobb, and is a Cubun fillibustcr, Bobert Toombs w Ihey must doit, The reasons are obvious. inHence the hardware trade are "not satisfied with thoirpresent prosperity—-are not eonteht with the, accountable reason. A few years ago it amounted totouunon air attains with the same-degree of. tempera- out-Herod Davis on the question of a Territorial tare. * Slave Code. In this connection, too, it may notfact that iron underlies modern civilization, its arts and arms—but they glory in its age; and feel the blood oi aristocracy coursing in their viena, when they hear its development and power traced back through the ages from the shadowy past. Hence the Hardware Chambsr of Commerce appropriately pride themselves on the fact that the$40,000, while last year it was only $12,000. fileJersey and Long Island farmers, it is true, have slack-ened their demand to some degree, as they find manurecheaper in sufficient quantities, of late, from JerseyCity and Brooklyn,which coats them less, because theDr. SWEET'S INFALLIBLE LONIMENTCures Rheum»tUm and never fuia. ... • • '•"[Advertisement.] . vTrylWSxs OVE*.AJKI> KILI-KD.—On Wednesday forenoon be amiss to state that Douglas has many friends at • aMa MUBMH! Joha 8h«h*D, WM run orer In AT«OO« A, near the South of the tvpe of Brown; among whom, and Iwtatj-thtxd 8ti«*t, o-j rtmw 994 of Finch k. White'. Lta«, and because he is constitutionally erratic, hates Howell Kb*Oi?i»i««xitb*tb« dLrd je«terd*y sfternooo. Patrick Wc-MERCHANTS FROM ABROAD, and *TRANGERS WV MTK tie Cowosr* fa»r»»tif»tioa. r\''''•• hi&4 $jm .•>•->* -.--V w *4i -•-.-,j•-• v> f£kc-:• • ..'•-••-,•;••l<?k,.','..• : ' ; '- %;..,;,-. :J!•',.. ;'' ,:•'•'•••••wth•I-, •hti. ,•_;'"'•r-r!!'X•'/••.::flu, • :• • '•:• . •.; •••• i ''-'."•"••• $••}<:.. ' • : • ;• •, •' " '• : ">t\ VmUmmiamumam••;..•# V •>'':••'•' m ..^-M' • ; .;-.' - > • :,¥1 .i,: , ,iim-f''i :• •anil&isF*'-^«:*# fjdi• ' .•-- . <.•'•. :••'•••• •••,: ,.:•••&..'i<U- i'l'i-<i--•:.«:;•,.•••'•:,..,&tl*r ^yi';'..:•--"••'* •'•••,:,V ;>%. •*< W),HtiIs it to obtain the country ? W e had far better I thank you, gentlemen, for this honor. It is unex- Tain, tbe Rov. wi)jl,m Roberts; I'hjslciMi, l>r. l'<tw-.\l; Gmx*- Since the South recovered from the panic, in- buy it outright. ~ The real truth is, as we. have re- pected, aiA bad I looked for it. I would not have been •eicr. Cbarles T. Cromwell, *«q ; Steward*, H. W. Morgan. Jefcarlican leaders disavowed all sympathy with his pro- largement of the army. They are opposed to popu- tions connected with your trade, I cannot bnt hail such apparent prosperity, and hope that all causes of dis-T H E COMMISSIONERS or Por.ic«.—At the requesft- i of Mayor Wood, the meeting of the Commissioners ofito himself of 34 cents a day. In a few months more,if unable to pay these fines and fees, and if claimed byno person as a slave, or if liberated by no friend, he men, **sleep always upon a volcano." Some ofwould be sold to defray these expenses. On learningthese ftefs, Mr. Hyatt told him that he would not only them determined that, in the coming contest, theytake him into his service, but that, if what ha had told would bestow the principal place on their tickethim waa true, he wonld uiake h m-a free man within a upon none but a man "native, and to the mannerxoontb. Mr HL has already ma-ie arraogements to dis- 44 born," L e. a slaveholder. Others, fearing thatpateh a trusty person to F. ederick, to procure wit- such a course would result in delivering the South and feeling at the South, has rather blunted the purpose of suppressing movements of this-sort, and movement, of bueinees in this direction promises vast ing of the Board will be held semi-monthly. The caa-•'• *~ject, the Slaveholders have not deemed it so haz- lar sovereignty, and prefer governments " based on ccnttnt may be speedily removed from the shoemakersardous to put one of their own number in nomina- u, military principles." They know full well that of Matfiachusstts, and that the fullest reward may at- Police has been adjourned until the 36th instant, and.) tion, nor so vital to secure success at all events in unless the military arm is extended over SFofthern tend the industry of. the Bay S*ate, and the employers no meeting will consequently be held to-day. It irmerchants would be driven across the river. [Laugh- Nicaragua, and backed by the, slaveholding in- ter] /The newspapers, who knew everything, were teforeHDaentioned fine and fees to set the negro at to the desperate dilemma of pulling down the pil-' j 43ft*yfee chief obstacle to Douglas's nomination is, terests. The illustrious SouUS, with that brilliant always tellii-g them what, to do, especially in the present liberty. The money for this Mr. H. will advance from lars of the Constitution, deemed it wiser to select •tli^ll&fel^aders of the dominant factioa of the party, tuccess that attended all his diplomatic and filli-, state 6t their affairs and of course [here the reporter loaf- the words of the'apeaker, amid some noise whichfile whh t i e Clerk of the Court. "When these areperintendent Carpenter, Capt. Hartt, Copt. Squires, J* and Capt. Leonard.aoccurred.] Thisneighborhood, distingu- shed for Sailor's • MINOR CITY ITEMS —The " time-ball'' is. nowhis own pocket. It will cost him, altogether, nearly for the Democratic nominee a Northern man whom y blistering enterprises, went down and bought him-$360-.'- -—Washington's scarf was ex't ibited in the Collegethe slaveholders could trust, and who would stand ir e;'£fi*fc ultra Slaveholders, are hostile to him. If self a hacienda to show how beautifully the scheme some cbance of an election. he is nominated in tbe teeth of this hostility, a new, might be made to work. But Walker's funds gaveHemes and an occasional book making establishment [laughter], no allusion.to Harpers—was now honored wi<h the presence of leather dealers' establishments. [Laugh"er ] Mr. Baily then spoke of tho good feelingexisting.among the trade and the present stare of their affairs, exciting much laughter and applana© by turns.ready to be placed on the Cu&tom-Houte. Auiron staff 50 fettin length, ia to be erected, and on this a larg* hollow b&ll, six feet high, will bo placed. At noon pre- cisely, as telegraphed by the Superintendent of tho Astionomical Observatory' at Albany, the ball willera has dawned upon the Democratic party. Since Three names instantly presented themselves to the advent of Jackson, thirty years ago, no candid-If these Slavery-spreading monomaniacs had not by the hero of tbe Revoluti.m throughoat th» struggle Dickinson, Lane, and Douglas—and each has for party who -was not acceptable to, yea, was not some such idea at the bottom of these protectorateChapel.at Marietta, Ohio, at the students' colorationof bis birthday on the 22d ult. Tie scarf was worn the consideration of the South in this connection— ate for the Presidency has been named by that,o-ut and Soule's hacienda relapsed.for American Independence, and is now in possession of family descendants living in' Marietta.weeks past been the subject of anxious cogitation designated by the Slaveholdiog faction. If Mr. movements, what upon earth should make them so among the politicians, permanent and transient, Douglas can extort his candidacy from them, then earnest and BO paesionate in pushing them ? . Do who congregate in Washington. . a new leaf in the annals of the party will bo turned- they care anything about the commercial interestsAid. TCOMKY was then called upon, and addreeeed drop, marking 12 o'clock The Croton Bbardhavabriefly the company. • decided not to go on with the laying of the iron pave-Mayor HARPER being called upon, spoke upon the ment in Coartlandt street and Maiden lane. The con- emirent men who had graced the trade. He gaveDickinson is as reputable in mental and moral over, and a most important chapter in its luktory of the country, under which plausible guise they—Capti. Juokins, one of the Cunard captains, wasrecently in Paiis with his wife, and was treated with character as the average of Presidential candidates. will begin to be written. Northern and Western are advocating, them ? Well, We guess they do. some very humorous s atemeats^ and touched upon the tractor will he paid for the blookof tho former streetparticular ceurtesy by Locis Napoleon, who w*3 once He was true to the " national" dogmas of the. De- friends of Douglas, upon their arrival in this city, They are a dear, disinterested set of Free-State and a paete£g*r on the Camb-ia. mocracy when its present leaders in New-York have dodged even at the flash of the distant guns. free-city loving patriots, we all know. No doubt were building the Buflaio Platform, and placing the If. they can march up to the very throats of the bat- they are extremely solicitous for the interests ofups and downs of mercantile life. The qusaaoa of which has been laid, and there the work will be allowed' temperance, apropos of the champagne on the table, to stop. The beet sample of this pavemeni was the was facetiously treated, and he related an anecdote of teat block laid down in front of the Poet-Office. That—Not a day passes but the grave of Senator Brod- Wilmot Proviso at the "head of the corner" of that teries at Charleston, and storm and capture them, Nortaern manufactures - and Northern commerce, a reformed person, who c-xperieaced, as he thought, erick, in the **Xidne Mountam Cemetery," noar San famous structure. Throughout the defections of that then—we shall see thent doit! So much for the and for tho advancement of the interests of the religien, but on consulting, his physician found that itis now full of deep ruts and holea, and will soon be iaFrancisco, ie strewn with flowers. period, extending over several years, and. again at a Northern aspirants. crowd of miners and gold seekers who throng thosewas tho mtaeles. [Immenselaughter.] a worec condition than the cobble-stonea. As this style—Zadock Pratt performed the journey from San lak-r day, when Richmond, Van Buren, and Ludlow Various Southern candidates are proposed. We isthmus' routes, and the Vanderbiits and Pacific . Mr. POOR of Boston, a gentleman in the trade, spoke of pavement costs twice ae much as the fc*et stonewere denouncing the repeal of the Missouri Com- have already- spoken of Davis. But he does not Mail Companies who transport them. It is most of the eboemakinir troubles in Maseacbuset s, aud the pavement, we think the Croton, Board have come to a- Francisco to St. IJOW* -without stopping at any one affairs of the business generally. Mr. Fry was thenthne for more than half an hoar, the whole occupying of the party. So, too, during the rule of the Pierce- nent place in the Presidential programme which is and New-York and Philadelphia and San Fran- . The company soon after separated?, -it being; under- have gone to Albany to protest against the new Cbar- 119 days with ISO relays of four, lire and six horses or Marcy Administration, when every man suspected of assigned to Messrs. Hunter, Breckinridge, and cisco. It is so natural and so characteristic of the stood that there was to be an evening festival, ia which ter which ia now in a fair way of being passod. The•i .li • '. ;•itI; I• ••31r$\i; 3mules to the team, about half being mules. This is a friendship for the Suaquehatna Sage, was either Guthrie.gentlemen who have charge of the sable interests the wiveB of the Swamp merchauts would take part. clause in this bill to which tho Aldormea speciallyof the Republic. Why, what did the amiable and Everything was on the most liberal scale, and the de-wonderful feat for a man nearly seventy years of age. refused office or ejected from place, Dickinson keptThere was a conductor and a driver, both armed to the on the even tenor of his way. And, bitterest friends and backers are not noisy, .nor indeed areteeth. In some places they carried water sixteen milesand then drove forty nules without water.draught of all, when the Buchanan-Cobb Adminis-they very numerous. H e is generally deemed a istration, which he and his Hard cohort at Cincin- safe man, with no crotchets, no chimeras, reliable nati had elevated over the heads of the Pierce- npon all Southern questions, but not -obnoxious toplace in the world; London even bu4; making a moder- miaaioner, Resident Physician, and Inspector of Vessels difficulties between the miners and Indians at Pike's ate ebow along aide of it. The importance of this to the Mayor, and , that' ofvthe Croton Board to Peak. Did Mason advocate the interests of those n ovement whidh we have cited—its influence on pro- the Controller. W e do not hear, however, that they< —Mr. Green reported a resolution to pay tbe widow Douglas Soft Coalition, turned its back upon himof the late Senator Lion of Mo., mileage not drawn, Northern prejudices; and hence, neither.sectionperty and population here—way accordingly be im- free white settlers. Not he. There was not a slave- agined. - •• • •which was passed.—[Telegraphic Report. and gave the hand of fellowship to his hereditary wQiild seem to be making undue concessions, or enemies in New-York—even then, mindful of his putting anything to hazard, in giving him its sup-TTic Albany Statesman, adds, the omission to draw old pledges, Dickinson laltered not in his fidelity to port. None of the candidates except Wise, ap-his mileage is another evidence of the abetonce of miod the South. But, all through this pending prelimi- pears to be specially hostile to him; and all mightholder nor a nigger in the lot. And what did he say ? 0, said he, I won't dirty my hands with the crowd. " L e t them work out their own salvation."CITY ITEMS.•The snow that; fell yesterday was thrice welcome,object to the clause giving them-salaries Oo the 5th hiist. the Controller paid $450,300 of Ci<y bonds, on- which monf y had been borrowed- ia anticipati 3a of tbe City revenue for 1859; and on the latprox. he will pay $675,300 lor the aame bonds. A taw diya since ho ditbnrfcd two checks to The ordor of the Ciry Cbamber-of tbe late Senator Linn. Several years ago, when nary canvass in regard to Charleston, Dickinson prefer to be beaten by him rather than by any other Tkeee. were his very words., " Let them work out member of the U. 8. Senate, a ballot was taken for has encountered three obstacles; First, he resides prominent man. in the field. As to Wise, he stands their own salvation/' That is the key-note of the Preaideiit pro lem. of that body. On canvassing the in a State that is hopelessly lost to the Democracy; just as good a chance of being named at Mecca as Slave Power, of" the men who are urging these pro-Hunter has a great-deal of latent strength. HisObject is tbe one which gives tho appointment of homespun-wearing Mason of Virginia say yesterday New York is now by far the greatest leather-dealing Street Commhfcioner, City Inspector, Health Com-even though it did turn to Blush as soon as it fell, sinceballots, a cheque drawn that morning for $500 iu favor Second, he is -not the acknowledged leader of the the successor of Mohammed, as of being nominated tectorate treaties upon us in regard to every Free- it saved us from the dusty abominations of the preced- lain—one for $1,000,000, and the other for $1,600,000. dominant faction of the party in that State; and, for the Presidency at Charleston. But, like all State interest. Let it work out its own salvation. The Clay Festival'Association have come to theof Senator Linn for his per diem, was found in the Third, he is the victim on the one hand, of the hyp-, other possible and probable candidates, lie deems This key affords a full in&ight into the objects of ing days. It was quite pleasant to walk abroad in-thobaBot-box. It was retprned to the Senator, who, ociitical friendship, and, on the other, he isthe butt his chances most excellent, and Hunter, his chief the negro-spreading champions in urging the Nica- falling snow, after the snffoGating tortures that wo conclusion to celebrate the birthdayof Clay on the 12th smiling at his forgetfulness, handed to toe paga his of the merciless contempt, of chieftains of that fac- obstacle, who once out of the way, he has but to raguan, the Mexican, and all other treaties of the have betn obliged to endure this week, aad people of April, by a aupper on a somewhat different-planballot, whidh he had car*fally hid away in his wallet. tion. Nevertheless, though these opposing forces go forward and clutch the prize. Probably the same sort. will pretty certainly block up his way to the first wide earth, and all history, do not afford a more—A correspondent of The Albany Argus, writing place on the ticket, a combination is talked of, and But if these beauties are not allowed to havebreathed the freer for it. Now that ihe street dirt is than on previona occasions, namely, in a more private once more mud, won't the City Inspector make an way. Therefore, it was proposed flint private noticeeredulous set of people than candidates for the their own way in this matter, they will bring on a effort to save his credit by catering for the public com- may be effected, to give him the second. Indeed, Presidency. And Wise inherits the common infir-.from Chicago, under date of March 16,says: " I heardthismorning that Mr. Burch had withdrawn his suit in the event of the selection of a Southern man for mity of the species. This makes him Hunter's war with Mexico. The threat is a; braggart's-James Bogardns, tho patentee of irox buildings, has ble, and then make haste to' contract the work of aent to the Street Department a bill for $5,620, whichkeeping the atreete clean to some competent and re- he eatimatee S8 a proper charge for the uee of his patent. sponsible person. What is the objection to pursuing in the construction of the new Tompkins Market, atfor divorce."—The Bangor Whig, under the obituary head, an- nounces the death of Mrs. Mary Fulton Ellis of Top-President, Mr. Dickinson's chances for a nomination deadly foe; and though he cannot win the gaol him- threat. It is like the threat to dissolve theus Vice-President are not desperate. self, he may hang as a dead weight upon Hunter's Union if they cannot have their own way in our internal administration. Let them bring on that Joe Lane's stock is now below par. He has skirts, and prevent him reaching it also. However, war if they dare. What grist did the last war bringmen at once, and thus make the city tolerably habita-sham, who died at the re-cdeuce of her son, Deacon some prestige as a Western pioneer, and he was at many shrewd politicians in Washington think Hun- to the slaveholders' mill 1 We have got one Statesuch a course, Mr. Delavan ?Mrs. Ellen Key Blunt will give one of her finished readings on Saturday next, at the Hall of the New- York Hifitoricai Society.the rate of$10 for every foot frontage. The bill wiH be submitted to the Counsel to tbe Corporation, to determixe whether the city or the contractor-are liable*The event of the year among the milinery easab- lishments of the city, ia that known by tho ladies as " the opening day," on which occasion- the newfound for this.—Again the foreign journals announce that Miaa \ HinckJey of Albany, the American prima donna, has had a new success in Amsterdam. The Argus sayssbe sang in the opera of Linda in presence of the Quten of Hollard, -«-hocame axd took her by the hand, and thanked her for the great pleasure afforded by her sing- mg; Her Majesty has spoken of the young vccalis*; very often since, and sajs that she has been dreamingof her ever since; "she looked so pretty." Miss Hinckley has had several offers to sing in Itily and France. At Utrecht, she sang at a concert, and the house was completely fil'ed- with -students. After the concert, she was serenaded by the stu"lents, who came in a torchlight procession, and the lady was call&d out upon the balcony of her hotel, and saluted with huzzas aJc firework?. A banquet was also prepared in her-honor. At Rotterdam, also, her success was brilliant.proclivities to suit their fastidious tastes. Upou lack neither tact, resources, money, nor unscrupu- ious to try the Kansas game, of spreading Slavery bythe subject of a Slave Code for the Territories, they louanesB. The New-York Softs are for him at heart; force of arms, over again, you cannot have a betterdo not fancy the eagerness with which, he assents to and though they are not yet inside of the Conven- time than now. So juet pluck up Courage aadthe new dogmas. Like the candidate for holy tion, -they are a band of men not easily foiled nor begin. But, if you do not want to begin now, wait.Ralph Waldo Emerson will deliver his remarkable fathions of bonnets aie lbat displayed- to admiring lecture on " Manners," before the Young Men's crowds. Yesterday was set apart for this annual' Christian Union, in Dr.Chapin'a Church, this evening, blooming; but in consequence of the snow-storm but at 8 ©'clock. This lecture is said to bo one of his few persons went outshopping.Buena Vista. The Southern enemies of Douglas, ter will be the lucky man. . as its fruits, and that is a Free State. What theWilliam Ellis of Upper Stillwater, on Sunday, the 17thinst, at the ripe age of 91, and adds: In connection should the star of the Great Squatter Sovereign Guthrie has strong points. He possesses a clear Free-State people have made of Upper California,loom portentious over the Convention, may, in their head; has never committed any flagrant offensesr they can make "of Lower California and of Sonora, 7siih this announcement we have the remarkable fact desperation, try to rally some of the North-Western has no ugly legislative record to be explained away; and other Mexican provinces. So come on", gentle-stated, that Mrs Ellis had read the Biole through no delegates upon the Oregon Senator. The slave- men slaveholders and slave-spreaders, give us your has no repulsive salient features in his politicalh'ss than 80 times, averaging once every year for four- holders despise Lane. He is a coarse man, and, biography; is rather conservative; takes kindly to threatened war with Mexico if you dare. The Free fifths of a century. We think there can be no parallel like Uriah Heep, is too 'unible in his dirt-eating a mederate tariff*; and has a body of backers who Statesare ready'for it if you are. If you are anx-»—orders, who was ready to subscribe, to the Thirty- Nine Articles, " and Forty, if you wish," he is so prompt to adopt any creed that will enable him to doff the gown, that the fathers of the Democratic Church are in doubt whether he is a sincere-be* lieveror an arrant hypocrite. If Slidell, Davis, and other leaders of the Ultra South, can put Douglas to death without calling in the aid of Lane, he will pretty surely not be installed as their chief at Charleston.readhy matched, whether in or out of that con-The men who are bent on preventing the furthe .*ablest efforts, and no doubt will attract a crowded house.?ST. ANN» S CHURCH, NEW-YORK.—On Sunday, theclave. What say you to this combination—James spread of Slavery in this country are equal to eitherGuthrie for President, and Daniel S. Dickinson for policy. But they wish to do or not do. TheyVice-President ? Would it be a ticket so easily do not want any of your mongrel protectorates, or beaten that we could throw the Chicago nomination military colonizations of slave labor by stealth. away upon the first name that happened to occur to They want none of your bastard treaties for suchOccasionally we hear the names of Cobb, Steph- ens, Slidell, Hammond. Houston, and Andrew Johnson suggested as possible Southern candidates^ but they excite little or no attention. The death of Rusk removed ouf of the way the chief est obstacle that prominent Democratic aspirants, South anddown South.lEATHER-DEALERS'FESTIVAL.aA CARD.To t)u Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.Sueli seem to be the speculations of the Democ- racy at Washington at this present writing.But one consideration remains to be suggested:promises to change its history, and to affect immense-ly property and progress in that region. Three ofthe largest bouses, Youug, Schultz <fc Co.,.Thomas cause the justice of which he bad any doubt; and the Rffed man of respectable appearance, waa arrosteJ by Qiucexvwhen acted on.fcatuio of the treaty which establishes ^copartner- ship in the government of Nicaragua and creates a virtual protectorate over that country, run ati)ur own expense. They do not object to ratifying the treaty when that clause ia stricken out. When the treaty is reconsidered, they will extinguish that clause, and then vote for its ratification. Bat when'that emasculation takes place,, it is quite likely our darkey-spreading rulers will not care a cent about the instrument, and will defeat it themselves.Mr. Buchanan, under some inspiration or other, has been itching to establish a protectorate over Mexico and the Isthmus governments from the be- ginning Of his administration. He has asked Con- gress two or three times to give him this power; It was urged by Slidell, Benjamin <fc Co. in theLot, with building in roar, No. 11 Gouverueur street, ad->oinh>g the above, 24x101.9- • ,...»••••. 8,800•" mALI.ECED RoBUEitr.—At2i o'clock yesterday morn.Untitled DocumentMexico and elsewhere in the available countries find perfect satisfaction in whatever arrangement. fcaid that as soon as the Board can find a General Su-the coming contest. They are not so much alarmedas they were four or five months, or even three south of us, those, countries will be overrun by a [Cheers.] Mr Wilson concluded with a few wordsmonths, ago about falling into the hands of the free emigration. This is just what they want to xciting much applause.Opposition. This deflection in the current of thought prevent. They desire "military occupation for the ; Mr. BAIL Y being called upon said; The present partment for two or three weeks at a time, the meet-edge of the argument, pressed with so much vigor, - to uffbrd.a shield to the feebler movements.of Slave results. Other trades would follow leather, and in didatesfor the Generalship are quite numerous. Amongpatriotic and free-institution loving, and Southern, ta'-ls a)l paeeed off pleasantly. .in the Senate? There was a bill up to settle the25th inst., tolemn services for. the inauguration of the PROF. $IXJ*,IMAN ON VENTILATION,—The Commit, new Altar painting will take place, which,, we are tee on Warming and Ventilation of the Board of Edu certain, will be attended by all who take an. interest in eccleaiastijal matters during this holy Boa$oa. At cation hold a meeting this afternoon in the Ball of the half-past 10 o'clock, there will be a aolemn High Mass. us ? Such a combination of Softs and Hards, of objects. They do not want to erect gates to th Board, corner of .Grand and Elm streets. Prof. Silli- at which a choir of some of the most distinguishedthe South and the Noi th, of the West and the. East Southern open country, aud give you the keys o man of New-Haven is expected to be present and to singers in this city wnl sing appropriate music Theahall be given to every inoividual- member, and to rely fort1 Why not putonathousand or two thousand uponthc-irownmembersforspeechesand.tjasts Mr.The Swamp—or that part of New-York wliich wasonce in that .damp situation, and yet bears the Corinthians, beginning at tho 12th verse. Iu referring naooence.. Tto real culprit ha» been dlsr.ocorod and my Inno-member of his profession, who never undertook aFraser &, Bro., Madison <fc McCoy, have left the nar- speaker, from what he had heard before, believed that King, of tho Lowor Police Court, on a warrant issued by JusticeThere is slight prospect of any such serious divisionin the councils of the Democracy at Charleston, or. row streets known as the Swampe, and taken a stride he died a true Christian. He was a great Bible reader, who Its tbe uouiplbiuaiit, makesdftidavit thatbetween the &thand•eastwardly, landing in Cliff* street, where new ware-inthegreatcontestwhichistofollow,aswillfor housesofthelargcetandcompletestkindarecon-one instant encourage the delusive idea that the structed. The gcod feeling which maintains among16th Instant tho prisoner bargained with bun for 25 gro*aoT andlovedtheRealmsparticularly.TheRov.Dr.De- bottles,at$650pergro-M<,atthesametimerepresentingthatho- Witt followed with prayer; and after other exercises wou-tlie agiiut or broker of Mensr«. McBride Brothers, No. 17G. Washington street. On the above representation and the prosoW-overthrow of the enemy will not require that the'1 Republicans place in the field a candidate who can rally to his support all the energies of all the ele- ments of intelligent and.hearty opposition to the so- called "National Democracy! better known as the NEGRO PROPAGANDA.• SLAVE-SPREADING BY STEALTH.CorreBpondenc* of The N. Y. Tribune.WASHINGTON, March 21, 1860.The Administration is prbd'giously ruffled at therejection of the Nicaraguan treaty. Mr. Slidell ismembers of this fraternity is proverbial with thosa conversant with its interests, ana the occasion of this exoduB was improved to afford a superb.entertainment, prepared by Barmore &.JHcCnllougn,v and-served up iu the new store, and attended by several hundred per- sons, directly or indirectly interested in the business, tind roprtstnting a large portion of the conimefsiaithe coffin was placed in the hearse, and conveyed to Greenwood.from Die»z thiit he (Gre^n) should rcotive $100 on ace-junta* boon a* the bottle* were delivered, tbo-barnaln was closed audi tbo goooVdoMvered. MoBride Brot!era, however, refused to pay Mr. Grtcu thu money as per agreement with Dietz,.«n&mm$r then informed thulthe defendant wa* not their agent or in any;these inetitutionsan charge, ha« just been issued. The wealth and talent of the city. Beside thdse interested* total number of patients treated in tho former institu-in the trade, were various persons of distinction:among them Soutitor Wilson, ex-Mayor Harper, andothers. After the viands were discussed, Mr. VV. H.Fry was called upon to speak, wliich he did as follows:_ Sir. CHAIRMAN—if there be a chairman where thereis no chair—I rise—If I can rise, not having yet satdown—to speak under embaraasment. Circumstancesconnected with Albany caused me to breakfast verylate, and I left the breakfast-table to come to thislunch—eo each has interfered with either. It liasbeen a common opinion that tho Swamp has beendrained; seeing the amount of fluid here to-day, itseems to me there must bo an error. [Laughter."] Iam pleasantly reminded that Mr. Sehultz, who invitedme hither, represented your body the last time I pub-lioly saw him at the Hardware DealerB' Festival.He is, beBide being a good merchant and a haudsocaeman, one well qualified to epeakash'e did forhisgaild.tion during 1859 was 2,81C, of whoai the great ma- jority—1,825—were surgical caace. Of the iaqueeta held, the results of failing from buildings and othor injuries, numbered 65 cases;, burns and scalds, 2&; etaba, gun-shot wounds, &c., 20; run over-by stagesand among them the learned and reverend rector ofTrinity Church, who, in a happy address, said thatTnbal-Cain was the first dealer in hardware.[Laughter.] It is not sufficient that grandnar andsplendor mark any material, and immaterial fching tocommend, it to solid and enduring aimiraiion. IfNiagara were a fall but for a week, all tno volumeofwater, all the resonant cadence, would make it oflittle more import ince than a show—not place it abovetbo idiot nogic—-the " What is ft?''—who passes for anew animal, at Bainum's Museum, and isn't. [Laugh-ter. } But it ia the principle of endurance—the correln-tive of eternity—combined with physical grandeur orproportion, which lends majeatv to whatover subject.nors,, the charge for Samale patients has'been reduced J.Advertisement ];to $3. per week in consequence of the limited moans at PARKER BROSK CELEBRATED, Lesuxwi CLUB the disposal of that a«x. The aggregate receipts of the SAVOH is superior to. all others, now in,rue, and sold at a much, less rate. 2Aditp>2iaU>l» at the breakfast, lunch, or dinner table 1corporation last yoar, were $120)590 37; expeaditnees, cnehasoxlytoiaKXtuio a bottle fraoxaay rtencctahle grocer t£ $112781 04. At the Blooniiagdale Insane Asylum, . test itsw o r y equalities. Orders .njsplledVy A. J. ?A*K*K, N«*.•'•• •". • <;>?/ mt<..-,.•,'rX:*v;**ij.J» tr *••*:!tit't*atetf"*';••4V''"^NEW-YORKHosi'irAi. AND BI.OOXTNGDALE ASYLUM. ruaiiner authorized tol act for them. Mr. James McBride-do-—The annual report of ihe Board of Govornor^, havingnosed to having paid lhetz $56 on account before the good* WM» d<0ivetod, on the repreHentatioua made by tbe accused tfast thtt-goods belon^dto him. Mr. Green therefore charges Dietz-witla aving. by U*U* representation?, defrauded hini out of &26i»50i Tb« accused was hem for examination belore Justice .Kelly.RKAJL EST A TE.—The following sales were mad*.-yesterday by A. J. Blcecaer, Son.*). Co.:Brooklyn Property. • ^^House aud lots on n. w. cor. Joralomon »nd CUnton-sts.. $1B,M^ 3-story and bssement brick house *nd lot No. 79 llodaey$4 per week, which is believed fully to include all theaftu?»I cost; when they are not able to pay, they are k>A a sailor named Henry Gardner, stopping at No. <XX r w tstreet was decoyed into a rioketty house in aoosov^lt ataeet. by taken and cared fcr gratuitously, the expenses being a man named Lelly, who knocked him senseless, and than lifted bin pockets. Officer Fitzgpn& of the Foutth.Preoln*^ vis* haddefrayed by the annual appropriation of the State and United States Hospital fund, and the donations of the-been watching th* movemanU of the mem. suspooted. *om*thi.ug „ wrong, and en-ered the house, when ho found KoUy b*«diag over the insensible man. Tho accused was appxaheuded an3At that feslival there were leather dealers, clergymen,editors, and other religious persons [great laughter]; beneficent. By a resolution of tho Board of Gover- committed to p*i«on by JasticeKeUy foa examihatioa. 'expense of ferry ing it over tho water hj saved. But of THR CITY, will And the Free Museum oX Fawns* ic Watuut,itself, this docs not worn to account, for the great de-IHo. 808 Broadway, jus* above the Park, an Interesting placate visit, as it contains busts, skulls, and portraits of the moat notoi men the world has known. Examinations made, whtu 4«lre4» •hevriaj the talent*, defect*, and proper ewapatloa,•-V:\S'^HiWfe.&».x«*i-•*•—»•»•••'<»>•—**»'••tit&».a•<.;••..•••.';• •::•;•;'•:..iSeUMAperintendent whom they can trust to manage the De-SIR: As you published in your paper of Friday aa>account of my arrest for stealing cotton,'no doubt your sense of. jiiRtice will induce 3ou.to give space for thU «*ertton of my in-rCHARGE OK FAJ.SK PRETENSES.—Louis Dietx, am. Kslly, charging bim with fal*e pretouse?. Mr. Wm. S-» Green..- BBSBThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.commm 