 »<> poor exor-:..adn vs too- y good.' to *r it i» . Per- il mill- far bod oyea uld be >rwardby the under sepa- l.'iiion. State$ ,doc- Se- their.ledge, en- 3 v,t*ry I Cl>Q- t, and tbem- guilty ion it-ognize to tbocanf indi- com- **a ofer au-Fed- r nny by*e ofi void,ature, ldualsr, whichveatedshould to put e laws n tbe wh*n ninto ectron t-ndedW a b l e-?r to* roita-right •oited >h>y a«topto ;:ion., but ot totbo raitors tbo too at- tbo portap*rt, dip-, a r o no-tho,tend-<jta-i an, nowel- tbe «rule. ha*andthin» »of Dovernod.t b e W oof' Judges of the Supreme Court, who claim to be and exhaustive papers which it i» wont to produce to the Constitution of the United States, ; hereviewing the injuries done South Carolina • while in .connection with the 'Union.'"44 TJIK HON. CAVE JOHNSON ON T>i$psjos.-rThc the vote exem-ing Mr. Davis from the Special Com- The laws ofthe General Government have ceased to effect the negro, and would be compelled to liave a pan* Naiuntat Intelligencer «iy«: " Wo loam from a cor mittee. Agreed to. objects of the Constitution. Maine. New-Hampsliire, Vermont,*i to visit an Alabama plantation. ' And,' be Mr. Ynleo raid tbat it was the wish ofthe Senators MosROchoRetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New-York, Pennsyl- respondent'of The JCnoxviile Whig that that vctwran of l.ia section that the Senator from Mississippi should- vania,lllin6is. Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Iowa448J»k»t 'fellow citizeua, would you submit to be Democrat, tho lion. Cave JobriBOn, addressed a large have enacted IBWBeither nullifying the Constitution or to render content to serve on the Committee of Thirteen, and he iiSelesM.all utten)ptn to execnte "the acts of Congress. In many of44•* governed by a man who could not visit your and enthusiastic meeting at ClarksveJJe, Toon., on now "asked him if be would not consent to do so. these Slates fugitives "held to service and to hibor" have beenmous in favor of upholding and maintaining their rights tinder tho Constitution. They believe that their rights will yet be admitted and secured, arid not until it is certain they will be respected no longer— not until every honorable, constitutional, and lawful, effort to secure them is exhausted—will they consent to any eSorts for a dissolution of the Union. The peo- ple oi Maryland are anxious that time should be given and opportunity afforded for a fair and honorable ad-of Gov. Morgan's Military Cabinet have handed in. their resignations as is usual before the close of the Governor'* term: Adjutant-General, Frederick T o w n - send; IiiKpector-General George F. Sherman; Jndgo Advocate, Gen.,C. A. Seward; Enguieer-in-ClneC; G» F. Nesbitt; Commissary-General, B. Welch; Surgoon- General, CorneliiiB Aguew;. Paymaster-General, B.rL. Johnson; Aidwle-Camp, Col. Charles W . Darling;H. Skidmoro.Col. Andrews of Vt., J. J Powers of Tenu., Z. B. vFoot* of Cleveland, W . It. Burbank of N. C.. G. H .**tiH a suitable place can be procured?As it nowments, are for the Union and the Oregon war-debt, he is prudent enough to let the General as a'e requicite conc'erfiingtbe'oiitiy and clearance, and appointare tahinp a prominent part in the proceedin.es.Many places are illuminated in honor of South Caro-• lina to-nipht. . . . .pjeN.sACOi.A, Ft.A., Thursday, Dec. 20, 1860.The eecess-ion of South Carolina is greeted with im- mense enthusiasm here. One hundred .guns are being fired in honor of the event. • '".The fire originated originated in Stearns At Webster**diy goods store, fiom a chimney that had burned out '. during the evening.;ja«t rij;hf« and if th«> Northo-uStHi#w will i.ot rua'<et"ho,e am«»nd- xn»r>n, by which theae liifbta ahall bo »ecured to*a», then we Xuuat »«cure\he»ii tbe bes-t way we c*n. Thi^ boejtUon of-SUv- «ry Buu«tl>oVot!!od now or never The country haa be«'/i agi- tated wrionaiy by it for tie poet twenty or thirty y«w» It has l>e«n a f«itering sore npon the body polirtc. ai«d n.*uy romedieaJr.c'kmty Committee reccnimend to,be impeached for aud better calculated to prevent the useless' ef- high crimes and misdemeanors.special order for to-morrow at. 1 o'clock. • WILMINGTON, Friday, Dec. 21,1860.. i ."•<•pppppppppiwpp r-the prating Austrian Consul at Charleston by .Webster always known as f Black Dan "?" lus discreet and truly diplomatic chief, the Alia- j Hitherto we have not been able to carry -out ourlinehaveunitedinthoelectionofamantothehighofficeo,rr«- ;ide'j<t of the United States whose opintous and purposes are hos-tile to Slavery. ,He is to be entrusted with tho administration of the .common government, because it is declared that a government cannot ep- dme permanently, half Slave and half Fren, andtbit the pnbhc n;ind must rest in the belief that Slavery i« in the course of ulti- mate extinction. This sectional combination for the sub- vertion of the Constitution has b'-en aided in tho States by elevating to citizenship persons who, by the supreme law of the land^ aro incapable of becoming citi- zor.s, and their votes have Iwcn used to inaugurate the new pol- icy hostile to the South,and destructive to its peace and safety. On the ^th of March next this party will tako possession of tbeGovernment. .. ' •,,«.' It has been onuwinced that the Seuth shall be excluded irom tbe common territory: that the judical tTiburials will be rnado sectional: that wer mnst be waged agnin»t Slavery until it *hal{ oeane (hronjrhont the United States, The guaranties of the Con- stitution will thcrt no longer exiit—equal rights ofthe States, will. YQ loi-t—the Slnveholdins States will no longer have the power of self-government or< self-protection, and the Federal Government \vill have become their enemy. Sedioial interests and ani- rooeity will de«-j^n the irritation, and all hope of remedv is.ren- dered vain by th«- fact that the public opinion- of the North has invested tbp great political orror'with the sanctions of a mora e Toneous religious belief. , '.Vo, therefore, the people of South Carolina, by ouruelegite E. Barnwell Rhett, Chairman: of the Committee on in Convention assembled, appealing to the Supreme .ludire of the World for the rectitude of onrinteniions, hnvo r-olemnly de- an address to the Southern Statesrc»id alongable paper, clajed.the union heretofore exis^ina between this State and the other State* of North America, is dissolved, and that the Siate o;'South Carolina has resumed her position among thouations o tho "World as a free, sovcreien. independent State, with full power to levy war, conclude peace, contract alliances, e«tihli*b commerc*', and do all other acts and things which independent Statps may of right do: and for the support of thin [declaration, with a firm Toliar.ce for protection on Piyine Providouco, we mn tually pledge each other our lives our foitunes, and our. sacred h- nor. .'','The second ballot for two other Commissioners to Washington was unsuccessful.On the third ballot ex-Gov. J. IT. Adams and ex'- Corgressman J. L Orr were elected to act wi^.h Mr. Paniwell'aa Commissioners to treat with the United States." . .T i n e S e c e s s i o n , o f S o n l n C a r o l i n a - MOBIT.K, Thursday, Dec. 20,. 1860.The secession of South Carolina was celebrated here this afternoon by the firingof a hundred guns, the cheers of tbe people, and a military parade. There is greatrejoicing. . ~ . •The bells are now ringing merrily, and the peoplearc out in tho streets by hundreds, testifying their joySster of Austria at Washington.*~X H B,. j principle in this respiit to the full extent; but,Suecial Dispalch to The N. Y. Tribune.• WAKiiKCiTOK, Friday, Dec. 21, 1860.-atallactualedhyanypei^onalfeeling. Hecouldonly now sav. in answer to the question or the Senator from Florida*,"tliat itU s .frumds thought that it'waa best, lie v\ ould offer no further opposition to serving on theCommittee. - .The Senate here, on motion of Mr. MASQN>ad-journed till Monday. ••.'.'"':''.. >'TlteSoutli Carolina Comve»tio». CUAKI.ESTON, Friday, Dec. 21, 1860. 'Tlui Convention met at noon.A pra} erwan offered, in the course of which God waa involved to itnite the peoj»le of the South in the forma- tion of a Southern Confederacy.Geh. Adams moved that they go intosecret session.An amendment to appoint a committee to invito the Governor, Postmaster arid Collector to be present, wasprepared io take*nch ste-ps.as duty ^aud the Interest* of the State demanded. lie h* consequently unable to- gay whethtr or when'the legislature will be called.~ m "r^^mr""" ; . •''. Secession in ItUggisgippi.WASHINGTON, Friday, Doc 21, 1860.A dispatch from the editor of The Mirsinippian and.State Gazette, published at Jackson, to the Misttissippi Delegation in'Congress, dated this evening, utate* thai Misriasipji baa elected Delegates to tbe State Conven- tion in favor of eei^arate )^»ate secession by a very birgc majority—eay seventy in the Convention of one hun- dred Delegates, and by a popular majority of 30,000, votes.3TlI«!*it«i«ip^I.LOUISVILLK, Ky., Friday, Dec. 21,1860.The Hon. W. S. Featberstone, Commissioner from Miseiprippi, bad an interview with Gov. Magoffin at Frankfort ye*terdav. The result of it in not yet known. He arrived here to-day, *'_..„—...•^». _„>~»V Mr. U«*coln*» Cabinet.ST. LOUIS, Friday, Dec. 21, 1860. The Democrat this morning announces by authority bat Mr. Lincoln offered Edward Bates a seat in bin Cabinet, and that, tho Jattc* will accept tbe position,which will probably be Secretary of the Interior. * .IttoTCWictttH o f H o n . Caleb.Ca»&lii{2f* CHARLESTON, S. C , Friday, Dec 21,1860.• The Hon. Caleb Cusbing an ived in this city last night, and, after remaii.utg tivt; hours, departed for Washington. The rumors are various as tohisniissioii h e r e . I <:,The Legislature to-day' changed the name of the Committee on "Federal" to "Foreign" lielati^ns.- A committee was also appointed to style the State-flag.Fires, „-IN ADAMS, N. Y.•ADAMS, N. Y., Friday, Dec 21,1860.A fire broke out in this place early yesterday morn-the health of judges, counsel, clients, and , wit- | it is not our province to consider; but we maynesaes. The Judges have remonstrated over and \-e permitted to conjecture that it must be grati- Nothing is known about what they have done.9 •0,over again, and several feeble attempts have beenmade to remedy the evil. But the only successfulfying to Abraham and Hannibal on the planta- tion to be assured that their namesakes at theTHE SENATE COMMITTEE OF THIRTEEN. .The Senate Committee'of Thirteen had also a-j "I-1:•-.-'•u :effort for the relief of this Court, that we re- i'North must not forgot to put their free papers meeting to-ddy. Senator Wade made a strong,•member, waa in quartering it at Tammany in their pockets when they go -to Washington to Speech* declaring 'that no conipromise could beHall. -A recent act of tbe Common Council giving the use of certain rooms in the new City Hall to this Court has be»m resisted by thebo inaugurated. . * ~j . V made? as the •Iiepublicans had done nothing un- made. ' • •in posKession of the premises under authority from the Beard of Supervisors. Yesterday, Judge Moncrief of the Superior Court entered iuto a public explanation of the dispute between the ^Superior and the Supreme Courts, in which he con- tended that the Supreme Court holds possession©3^ virtue of tbe Common Council alone, the !Board of Supervisors merely supplying the furni- ture of their Court-rooms. This view is borne out by the fact that the Board of- Supervisors have petitioned the Common Council to recon- sider their grant of the Court-rooms to the Su- perior Court. If, as the Judges of the Supreme• Court affirm, they have barely room enough in •which to transact their business at present, and cannot dispense with any of the chambers whichthey now occupy, the Common Council, at itsmeeting to-night, should hasten to [supply otherrooms for the use of the Superior Court. Whyupon important questions, condemns as it deserves ought to have the, same chance as others hadthe weak and jaaltertng course of President Bu- had before him to develop his policy, whichehunan in the present crisis. We quote a few would be.perfectly consistent with their constitu-The comnbtee refused to use tbe address until finally adopt* d.It was made the fpeoialorder for Saturday.Judge Wa»dlaw made a report by ordinance, amend-ing the Constitution of the State ot South C:irolina. After some other unimportant matters, the Convon- cipn went into-seciet session, excluding all but mem-bers.The secret session, it is rumored, is in reference topostal matters aid the customs..The following id an ordmimce offered, Dec. 20, byB. F. Dunkin: • "It is ordnined hytho Convention that, until otherwise P.ro- \'idcd. the'ftovornor Fhall be aHtnorized to appoint Collectors and olhtu cfiluerti couaee'ed -with the oaybQOfa of the neveral ports of S<u<h (.aro i n \ ; and also tliv Postiuuiitora, and uucli periotiD now charged wih the duties of said offices, oonunue to discharge tho sBUie, keei'iiij: an account of the money disburyed und ro- c«-iv«'d rrspf ctively. ' ' ..•M r . A . H . Brown offered an amendment, that the. Governor be empowered to collect tbe duties, on im- ports at the rales now existing under the..States, aud appeint Collectors, and hold tneni subject to tho fur-7>ot give them the right to occupy the chambers ary iwi.il as without justiticatiou. Or, if a Cabiuet oflicer had of the Aldermen and (Jounolmen, temporarily, wrhti-n an address of this kiud on the Cth of December, we .shfuld not b ivc hnd ' d. op rogret3' expressed on tbo (Jth of De- cember at hi.>: withdrawal from a Government whoso destruction stands, this Court i* not w«ill treated by the he ws* invoking, and fiom which he was withdrawing only iuamount of fifty thousand dollars destroyed, of which, The wildest eatbusiasm is displayed. The oldest men about twenty-five thousand is covered by insurance.order to work more effectually for its overthrow."'•Whenthe Democratic party, at ita Charleston Convention, taverns and bar-roorns, at all events. Mean- had brokeu op i i confusion, and waa threatened with chrouic while, the Board of Supervisors should proceed disruption, jrrave and deliberate statesmen in the National Coun- cils panged (rem their oiticial labors to indite aud if sue an appealfght his own battles.such officers as are needed: and it shall be the duty of tho Gcn- enil Assembly to provide proper compensation to'-officers. Aud it is fuither orduitied thut. until ofchotwise provided, it shall be tbo duty of the Governor to appoint Postmasters, and make such tin;xiorary mmtigenientnan may bo requifci'e tor the transporta-Corporation. Let it hold no more Courts inA snow-plow, propelled by two locomotives, engaged in clearing the track of the Watortown and .Rome Rail- road of snow, ran off'the track near this place yester- day morning, smashing the plow into fragment*, a n d severely injuring five or six persons employed thereon.One locomotive was thrown from the track and con- siderably damaged. Trains were detained but a few hours in consequence of the accident. -IN RALEIGH, N. C.RAL«ICH, N. C , Saturday, Dec. 20, 1860.The LawrenceHotel in ' ^ faj^ purchased by th*Government J'o:^COurt-Houfce and PQrt-Offlce, waa de trto erect the. new Court-House without delay.said to be written by the President, is a forgery. the Government now existing. •'•/•The following ordinance, for the continuance of com-W H A T *8 M E A N T .Tte Hon. A. H. Handy, a Commissioner fromprt-reat day, tho llnion i« in danger^ and the Governmont on the son, as a substitute fqs: the ordinance by Mr. Dunkin: biiuk of ruin, those same high councillors hnvo no word of heal- Union letters. What.would South Carolina say? VVe, tie people of the Commonwealth of South Caroljna, infired at noon to-morrow, in honor of the secession of South Carolina. '.'•'''NORFOLK, Va., Tlmrsday,*Dec. 20, I860.A large meeting of citizens was held at Ashland Halltrated upon one unfortunate individual who wasdesignated as a "Black Republican;" and anewieo by £6 families. "An entire family, consisting, of tThere was a grand procession of Minute Men to- Mi'-hail Colbert his wife, and four children, weroposed not to go over tbe ground a second time, we read ,the gospel of Freedom. even for the sake of bringing the seceders backagain ?theoflice, und.pTCKerve, protect, and defend the Constitution of thin Stlite, so help me God.Mr. Wardlaw moved it« adoption.A debate ensued on inserting " l;igh" beforo " oilice '• and omitting it at the end of " this State.". The eroirjante was adopted unanimously.Onmotion of ex-Gov._Auam&, the ConVention went to-day, and.fired a salute of fifteen guns in honor of By the rules of the association, all that a picture bringsA letter from South Carolina, published in Tt>the Kditor of The A7. >*. Tribune.The C<mxtitulion, admits that tbe election of Mr. Sin: 1 perceive by a dispatch dated Springfield, Dec. ^Lincoln is only the pretext, not the reason, for 20, r.nd published in all the papers this morning, that Iivn announced as having arrived at that place in the. curly train of that morning, in company with Mr...WeedThe Minute Men met or!i the stone bridge at 1 o'clock pieces of sculpture, by tho members of the Society.Secession: ." Th.is State fa the aatorul bulwark of Slavery—«he in wide and Mr. Van Alen. As I was quietly attending to myceived and laid on the table.••••priated to the treasury of the Fund. ;Among, the con-•wake to all tbo cvmed plans of her enemies,-and she Is doter mined to bo befoiehand * itii them. She ha* waited ardently for i e r abrter Southern State* to view tho matter'io the same lightbnemesairi Wall street on thut day, the information isand J. L.Orr stand the best chance.There is a dinposition not to elect those who havethe gun, and delivered a strong secession speech. tuck, Caeilear, Williamson, Mignot, Falconer, Kensett,Many of the fair ladies-of the city congregated nearby to witness the salute, and joined in by'wavinghandlcercbief8. —By a typographical accident we were made to say,perfect. South Carolina need never fear invasion to compel her to eujvy the benefits of the Union.laws of the land? When Mr. Lincoln is inaugurated;' zu inaugurated he- will be, in spite of some silly predic-MACON, Friday, Dec. 21, 1860.They further solemnly declared that whenever any form of lina.^ There is a grand procession, of Minute-Men, and 17, with a cargo of coal, bound to Now-York. Five ofas thoroughly as she likes.Disagreed to.Mr. CAMERON (Rep., Pa.} ottered an amendmentBritain had become destructive of these ends, they declared the colonies fre*", and absolved from allegiance to the British Crown; and tj.e political connection betweeu them and Great Britainthe beach.2b*t " Tom Watts lets the. people know tbat A>w- Yark, Dec. 2L «" Hamlin, the Abolition Vice-President, is a freeYeas, i7; Nays, 15.Mi\. YULKE (Dera., Fla.) moved a'reconsidoration ofadopted, the greater number of thecontracting parties held slaves. The hoHtility ofthe Northern State to the institution of Slavery hnd led them to disregard their Constitutional obligations.the Constitution, and her people will uie all honorable evening next.4 4'farm or plantation without a pass?'44Mr. DAVIS (Dem., Mi»s.). said that it was not claimed, but in none of them has the State G+ovomaj.ont complied To Monday la«U Ho denounced the Disunionists in un- because of any matter of personal feeling that he had with the stipulation on this subject made in the Constitution.wbicb we have no doubt the response is 44 for Wait*.»"Bully!measured terras, and declared, in clear and unmistakable In thu formation of the Federal Clovernment each State was uhked to be excused yesterday, for if he knew himself recognized us an (Mjuul; the right of property in sluves was recog-language^ that the people of Tennesnee ought to stand there was no public duty from which he would shrink. nized by giving all free persons distinct political rights, by giviugBut why does the Hon. 44 Tom" single out Mr.DEIamlin an blacker than the rest of us? Are•we not aD Black Iiepublicans together / SuchAid-de-C»xnp, Col. E. G> T h o m p ^ n ; Aide-de-Camp, Nuther could he under such circumstances enter upon The.ends for which this Government wan itihtituted have boon lie believes that a large majority of the people of Col. H. K. Kathbone; Military^crotan*, Major W .impressive paragraphs:tional rights. The assumption that the Republi--•» i nissMiSii i—SWJSI •••in •iiim>»mntft>i,i'aWMThe whole subject was temporarily posponed.fusion of hiimau blood. W e cannot regard the liights of Man as dependent on the chances of aA member desired that it should he given to the One hundred guns were to-day fired iu houor of the A dispatch from Charleston, received at the Navy world in the precise form and voice of tho action of secession of Sonth Carolina.^•w!^WM•iG*"—The facts are grave and perilous, indeed, Governor Johnson.when The National- Intelligencer departs from its habitual caution and moderation to denounce aTo tbo Associated Prona.WASHINGTON, Friday, Dec. 21,.1860.Loss from §6,000 to $7,000; fully insured. Tbe origin ".• The following was prpjpicijed by John Miildlet'on as only airs played. A bust'of Calboun was exhibited of tbe fiie is unknown. The business will continue aeNEW-YORKDAIL YTRIBUNE,SA TURDA Y ,DECEMBER22, 1860.institutions altogether differently. For these why should not t h i s " plucky and eloquent" gen-reasons, vce recommend to public men ut ; t'.eman assure his intelligent audiences thattheWashington and to tbe public ot large, tojNorthernpeople are generallynegroes;thatallpay no attention to diplomatic tatUe. Let acta her Memuei-3 „f Con|re& und all her Senatorsspeak; sncb an act is the prompt dismissal of a oof that race 7>: Was not the great Mr. ALiGOTmC TELEGRAPH, Tl.erefoie, when Senators came to him, he told themj having at last pained 'the power, at the same ;; T1JE.HOCSE .COMMITTEE OE TIIlItTl-TlillEE. . time w-e elected a mulatto to .the Vice-Fresi-, : The Ifouee Committee of Thirtyrthree met to-SaTJMKMOR COSJBT.Tbe Judges of tbe Superior Court very justly • dency, we also chose a negro for President. day. A 'motion was made to postpone the voteeompuMO of the miserable C«»urt-Kuoins in which ! How can secession and precipitation flourish un- on Mr. Kuet's proposition until*Thursday next,they are cooped np. These .room* are low, ill-ventilated, cramped, and calculated to impair j The.effect of this intelligence npen the slaves the Committee had adjourned,. the Kepublicansless the whole truth be told ?which, aftersome debate,. was• adopted.After'The JSirtivrml Jntclligcnnr is one of those able so. Mr. Lincoln, having been elected according.'" If MT. 0uohtU>aa has no information »:pon which htrcnn in.r :lit- forts in, Charleston harbor in order to ttecure them fromattack, we are sure tbat tho country will hold him to a fearfir re»poi^ii)iiiiy fur the policy lie has pursued."cans, nothing having been brought against them depend In »npp»>rt of his belief that there is no ueed of rovuforc of any practical character, were going to do" Vi'e jrreatly mi»tak<; the popular *enso of what is duo to 'a chief to the country. Little is expected from ' decent rozpectr' for the cauw> of the Constitution and of fheUnion, if the loyul citizens of the United States can look with complacency on the conduct of the Admbnistrotlon iu tho oaay tolerance 83»d patronage which it awards to such among its iru-tor bers aad subordinates as are avowedly and ostentatiously labor- ing for the destruction of the Government. If but a' tithe of the zeal tbat hv* been displayed in tho immolation of such luckless Democrats as favored the he»e*y of ' Squatter Sovereignty ' had been turned to the discouragement of those whom vhe President stjgaratlzes i:i his Mcsjago as attemp(jit.g ' neither more uor less 'than r,Tcvc-lut'oii,' we should not have hud the spectacle of a Cuhir.et cfticer. while iu .the full discharge of Lis official duties. inditing an address to tho people of l-coreia, urging them by eveiy ccuc-idora;ion to commit that act of secession which the. Fxetrliclent in his Message had solemnly di-nonncod as revolution-the action of the Committee. The Republicans seem to be more united than over, declaring that the demands of the Southerners are preposterous, and cannot be 1bought of for a moment.. ,.•;•.; GEN. LANE'S .SPEECH.The Albany Evening Journal, as we understand stitution as will tiike the Slavery question out of Cou- public with disunion, revolution, and civil war, he was•- ernments derive their just power from the con- prepared to act upon the matte's in controverev, with- "sent of the governed," who have consequently out any regard to his previous action,, and as it he.hadnever iaade a pptecli or given a_vote on tbe subject.-an indefeasible right to modify or'abolish them. Senator liigler, who ie on t-hft Committee, has been. If we rightly comprehend that journal, it regards for some days maturing a plan by which the Slaveryqrettion, by the amendment of the Constitution, may thi3 as one of what Mr. Choate called the "glit- be removed altogether from CongresFional control.•, Itnight, and several thousand citizens, strangers,, tire-men, and military were in line, with music, banners, 'bvixcd to :death.transparencies, and reflec-ors. The procession formedin front of Secession Hall, and proceeded'to the MillsHoufe tosercnade Gov. Pickens, and subsequently toWilliam D. Porcber, President of the Senate, General . The steamship Cahawba, from Havana l6th inst., Simmojie,' Speaker of tbe House, General Jarniaon, has a n ived: - -President of tbe Convention, and Mayor Macbeth, who Bminees at Havana was in a languid condition, .turn given to affairs by the pleasant distraction of it, repudiates the Jeffersonian axiom that " Gov- pen>'. In view of the dargers which threaten the Re-. ^ k•••--hustling the scape-goat out of the hall. Mr. Handy was tbeu permitted to proceed, apdj taking a hint jfrora the reception which had already been ac- corded to the Secession doctrine, he seems to .have thought it best to be candid, and before he *at down stated what secession really means. "We quote:From Hayana.t NKW-OKLKANS, Thursday, Dec. 20, I860."terinjr generalities" of the Declaration of Inde- pendence, not a vital and subsisting truth. It holds our fathers justified in their revolt againstCommittee to wait on the Governor, so tbat the Con- vention can advise with him relative to the present st&ie <.fs:flairs. Laid aside.. M r . Adams wanted the presence, of the Postmaster. Carried.home in front of the procession was that of•Captain quoted at Bk reals per arrobe.. The stock in port is e«- ., Berry of the steamer Columbia, hoisted oft' Governor's umated at JQ.WA) boxes. Fieights were inactive. Ex-meets tbe approbation of diptin^eished gentlemen.Tie Home Comn.itreeof Thirty-threo baveadjourned till Thursday. No vote waft taken on Rust's resolution. Lieutenants Lozier and Hamilton, and several act- t>i blocking op 01 desftoylag the Union »» oar i'mhe.'a g.ivo it to the mother country solely by the tyranny of her ing Midshipmen, natives of South Carolina, have re-It-land. The city was alive with pleasurahle excite- ment, and a number of rer-idences, newspaper estab- lishments, and other public establishments were illu- minated.change onT^ondon, lo^sUl; on NjS w-York aud North- era ports, 3©7 pei cent. '. ,••'Tlxe Telegraph Cable at Vielcsboirer.IRASSYLXAVJA, LA., Tbun-day, Dec 20,1^60. ThetelegraphcablerecentlyhadatVicksburg,in- vented and conducted bv 'William II. Horstmau of New-York city, is a complete success. All the diffi-culties heretotore encountered have been entirely over come, and it is now working perfectly.Pardon ofCol. Radler. NEW-ORLEANS, Thur^lay, Dec 20, 1860.The Government of Honduras have paidoned CoL Ludler, who was engaged under Walker in the recent lo.-ay on the City of Truxillo.S t e a m e r C i t y o f TFa^liiuLS^toa.ST. JoEtN's, N. F., Friday, Dec 21, IH61). .The Steamer City of Washington, "from New-York on Saturday, for Liverpool, did not call off Cape Race owing to stormy weather.«• <v;<."*«ri&n 1* not intended to break up the prenent Govern jn«at. bn». to perpctvtat" it. W> d» not pr*D-so to jjooutby way/y*w,totwogooutfortbop»rf>*rs4>ofe-tiiu^fuithergaaranti«>trule. But"Mr.Jefferson regardedandtreated sigrfdtheircommis.'-.ion'sinMeUnitedStatesNavy.•Mr. Inglis wanted an official.reporter. Lc3t. Mr. Cut-thing arrived last night, and remained five Mr.RhettreportedfromtheCommitteeappointedto hours,anddepartedforWashington. Therumorsareslaver Eonita at that ]>ort yefrterday. The JBonita was battle—on the relative weight of opposing bat- captured- Ljy the United SiHies fii^nte San Jacinto, andw a sdisplayeda t Norfolk. . ..BALTIMORE, Friday, Dec. 21, 1860.havicj failed, we uu«t try auipuUUion, to bs'wff h to a healthy talions—the caliber of opposing cannon. If our is manned by a pri/.e.-crew from' that vessel. No' Fed- Mr. pope desired that, tne journals be not published. The vote on the question that the report be published,state. We mutt have amendments to the Constitution, aud if v/o fathers were right in declaring and maintaining e'J'l«Jfjter bVii;g'»'.mpowcred to receive the slaver at but not the public journals, was carried, only 3 nays.. eannot get thexn we mast s«t up for ourxelvcs.*'I t is the old story .over again. Jt is the North "which is to be coerced, as sbe has often beenright though we had lost every battle and beenThe ieply from the Department; here was to the efie.it to-morrow wa^ carri«:d unanimously. crowded and business wag better. The prevailing sen- Mr. Waidlaw, frt»m tire Committee appointed to pre- timent seems to be tbat if the North, now does'right,There are two poiuts, however, to be consuls ered;> first, how far can secession go? and, second, if it should happen, to be successful, is 5t not jm«t possible that the North may feel dis-All ptrHonw who shall be elected or appointed to uny office of this city tbie moniinx;, to (be effect that a dispatch had profit oi trtiNt. before enteHnu into the execution thereof, shallBT. LO I V S|Jl'DGF.SLO'SXONNOT ATSPRINGFIELD.D e - Tho NORFOLK, Friday, Dec. 21, I860. ; catalogue comprises forty-three paintings and twobfen to Congress, and got' enemies, to appear as Com- •»witb herself, and.happily the tlictfun of Lincoin hu» given ktr th* cerned; I do not know that I should now notice tiiis . "On motion of Mr. KENNEDY (Am., Md.),jhe bill mitefciohers to Washington.4X<a*i<m,ujadwith exultation »ho commence* the revolution Any a U t e m p t a t c o e r c i o n v / o u l d o n l y f u r t h e r - h«>r d e s i j r j i n , s i n c e a, a p i r i t «»f universal sympathy would spring up hero that would be in- irhacible."But, how if no attempt at coercion i* made?All that the Federal Governm«-nt wDl try to do,matter, were it not that,The Herald, Tain told, con-t a i n e d , s o m e d a y s a g o , i n t e l l i g e n c e f r o m W a s h i n g t o n ,where I w::x at the lime, sponding a fow days for relax-I'oton/ac at Long Bridge waa taken up.A m e m b i i a l o f t h e c i t i z e n s o f . W a a h i n g t o n a n dGeorgetown wrtK read.A message was received from the House announcingtify the &fcession of South Carolina from the Federal U n i o n , a s r e p o r t e d b y t h e C o m m i t t e e ' t o p r e p a r e an address to the people of the Southern States. .the South. • ' : • . . . ' . 'We have junt telegraphed President Charleston Con-l e n g t h p o r t r a i t o f M a y o r T i e m a u n f c r t h e C i t y H a l L The portrait it- a half length, none of our Mayurs, ex- cept De Witt Clinton, who occupies a place as Gov-al'ghtly inaccurate,-so far as my own person is con-had a conference, remaining two hours together.constitutionally, not having been in power to doseme wrong, v a s an insult,, and. came with bad grace from a party that had done so much mis-iEdwin V. Chandler as Marshal to the Consular Court at Bangkok,Siam," . . . • • .vfi»ious as to his mission here.The'Legislature to-day changed the. name oftheDepjirtn-cut to-diiy, reports the. anival of the capturedthe Convention not subject to alteration in reporting, to convey wrong impression, .when it was read to- morrow, over the country. -. PORTSMOUTH,^Friday, Dec. 21, I860." Fifteen gun's were fired to-day. The Palmetto flagvbe found in readiness to do so. If by any sacrifice other States; they have encouraged ai»d assisted thouHutdg of is vwied to afford even an opportunity for such a prb-s THE- LATEST NEWS, -which be could offer on the altar of his co.'intry OUJ slaves to leave their homes, and those who remain have been cceding. Whatever powers he may bare be will use it cited by etniasarfos, by books ai.d pictures,-to servile ursurroo- only afterfull consultation with theotherborder tjtatee,mt "mi'"•'Troitt. WagMngpton.ho .could allay the evils which th.rettten it, tion. increaiing. prepent or pruapectiyej no man|would.have•'•'.ay Twenty-frveyearsthisagitation'hasbeensteadilyMr. Stout, member of Congress from Oregon,is not mneh pleased with Gen. Lano's remarks,l i e is. sorry that the hitter has been so ill-used ther direction of this, and continue the present postalat the triumph of secession. Many impromptu speechesare being made, and the greatest excitement every- ing, which destroyed nearly one-balf of the. business - 'by the secedrrs. Knowing that the people -ofOregon, who have even thing to expect from theUnion, but nothing without it, and will ratherhang the seceders than countenance their move-arrangements in part, contracted in our behalf, till fur- ther arrangements are made. '•'.• The follov.ingiB an ordinance offered by Mr. Gregg, as a mbstil ute for the ordinance by Mr. Dufikin:We,' the People ot South Carolina, in Convention assembled, dt'clute and ordain that until otherwise prbvidod, the iaiporta- tk.n of nevchaJidise t-hall bf f ee and unrestiieted; and it shall he tho duty of the ucveriior to make such temporary regulationswhere exists.Monii.K, Friday, "Dec 21,18^0. There 'B an immense Secession meeting here to-night.-pt-rtion of the town.Twelve buildings were burned, and property to tbAtheir independence, they would have been equally to the Secretary of the. Navy for:..instructions. relieved and cheerful, and the streets were gaylythht tl e vesfrel must aweit further orders. This i!», pare jm oath of <ffii-efor the fourth articleof the South completely subjugated to .British sway by the therefore;'the first practical effect of the secession ofand makes honorable, manly concessions, indicating- an absolute determination to cultivate friendly feelings and will repeal the obnoxious laws, the other SouthernIbefore by threats of disunion, aud not the South. end of 1777. There are never two conflicting South Carolina. -Information baying been received in Carolina Constitution, reported as follows:M i s s o u r i K x e f e a n p r e .p« . 2J, I860—Sight Exchange on New-York I» cMajor Anderson had .received orders to that effect, itdefended to the last,XXXVITHSECOND SESSION.lam informed upon high authority that a paper con- "Artists'Fund Society" takes place this (Saturday)taining^ request to Mr. Botts to leave the State,is being circulated for rignatures. It has alreadv re- ceived the signatures of many influential citizens."Tbe r^pcrtof the Secretary of the Interior waa re-1 he Convention is now on its second balloting for three Commissioners to Washington. R. W. Barcr-Agreed to..-'•'.•«.- 'CONGEESS.sign, corner of Fourth avenue and Tenth street.SENATE...'.WASHINGTON; Dec. 21, I860.. into teciet scesion at 1:50. .South Carolina. .The Palmetto tlag was hoisted.by B. over $100 is paid to the artist, the rest being appro- F. Thomas.since we and they, in the event of anv dismemberrneatof.1eUnion,willmffermo>ethanniltheothers«<(>m-bij ed. He f-tatos that he is now in correspondence f(.und within that article,establishing an Kxecutiye Deprtrttuer/t, with the Governor* of these State-*, and awaits with n eauci of subverting the Constitution itself. A eeographical line mtrch solicitude tbo indications of the course to be par- case demanded. "In ashing to be excused, he was not %& been drawn acrow tho Onion, and all States no,th of that, stud by them. WbejitbiBis'niado known, be'will beA STUPID EOKGEUV. .The letter published in TIw, New-York Times, iion of the mails, aavine due regard to the mail coutracts with•••MONTOOMKRY, Ala., Thursday, Dec: 20,1860.ic behalf of political conciliation aud rennion: Kut wben, at the Tho President will do no such thing as write mercial and p<stalfacilities, was offered by W. T. Hut- Governor Moore has ordered one hundred guns to bein.* to utter, aud no measure of statesmanship to suggest 'eo en-THE EFFECT OF SECESSION.' „ Convention asst-mhled declare and Ordain, thnt until the Assem- bly othejv,ice provide, all ci-.izens how holding office under the After.all the United States will gain about Goven.n.'tntof the United States, within the limits of South Carolina, be and-are hereby appointed to hold under the Govern- dressed the citizens of Baltimore on Wednesday mot.racy, they are. impotent and dumb only when it is tbe coun- •SIG.0,000 per annum by the secession of South merit of this State the same offices theynow fill, with the paytirely do they.set-r. to have given to party what was meant fo_ the State of .Mississippi to visit Maryland, ad- all mankind. Fertile in expedients for the rescue of the i)e-evening on the subject of his mission. He these thiiiRs, the pttiiotic of all parties cry out iu tones of in-that until the: A'raembly otherwi-e provide, the Revenue and the holding of National and State Conventions: op- Postal lh.w>< of ti:e Uuited Stales be and are hereby adoptnd anddijp.'imt deprecation aud remonstrance ? The voice of impatient patriotism reaches us from every hand, calling aloud upon the nation's rulers and legislators, whether from the .North or from the South;-and wl-ether belonging to ono party or another, to show at least some signs of interest in tbo country, if they have no wisdom equal to its present emergencies."A stormy scene followed this declaration. Thespeak r was assailed by a storm of 'hisses; metwhen they subsided by a storm of applause.'The hisses, however, evidently were in the ascen- prominent body of politicians and officials in dency, and there seemed a violent probabilityterms lise these. "But the judgment of all thought-that the meeting would break up in a, general ful men must be that its strictures, severe as row. Attention, .however, was presently concen- they are, are perfectly, just.as all the South Carolina Post-Offices, do not payreached, at length, in his speech a positive point, and said:" Th<< only available remedy for our oppression w&ieb Ch* $5tat*i of MifM>5»wirrpi eon nuirgest \* taat each State- shall sccode I.c-m tho Union." „made the lav/s of this State, saving and excepting that no duties posing coercion; favoring the arming ofthe Slate> ' » C>ea by fire early this morning. It was being-try that calls for help. "Whht wonder is it'that, iu prospect of Carolina. The Charleston Custom House, as well •andemolumentathey now receive. And it is further ordained. last night. Resolutions were adopted recommendingexpenses.'Senator Nicholson,, of Tennessee, is trying to , hhall. aiter deducting the eumsnoceasaiy lor the compensationsSENA TORtrade.''•• '•• ,.-.Nsw-OatFAN-s, Fridav, Dec. 21,1860.-NICHOLSON,from any-of^ the Slavoholding Commonwealths of North Ameri- ' oa.; and further, that all moniea collected by the officers aforesaid,.and declaring agaicat the opening of the African slave-j temporarily occuned bv the members of the Sta** Legislature; The fire was accidental. The losswiU probably reach from $4,000 to $6,000.IN NEWARK.KKWARK, Friday. Dec. 21.1860. The shoe-factory of E. O. Aber cc" Son, on Bleecker street, WJIS partly burned this morning at 6 o'clock.of officers and for other expenses, be paid to the, Bao'k of the get the floor; his intention is to take issue with State cf South Carolina, subieot to the order of the General As- sembly : pr.dfuither.'that the officers aforesnid retain in. their handball the property of "the TJn'ted States in possession cus- tody and control, subject to the disposal of tho General Assem- bly, who will account for the same upon tho final settlement withA general demons^rati-m 0f j0y o n the secession of South Carolina occurred'liore to-day. One hundred guns-were fired, and the Pelican ilag unfurled. Im- promptu secession speeches were made hV leadincr citi- zens, and the Marseilles Hvmn and polkas were theriiht to doubt his readiness fo rriake such' a;.saorifice.*Wihthey havewcured the power of the common G-jv.-ninavt, rn>Her\'Jt..ptbeforr/'S of the Constitution, a sectional party hMh»- hsid acted only us. lie.believed the propriety of tbeKhali bo collected upon mcichrindi'e or productions imported%h» United States Government.Arrangements are making at the Tmtsurv for pttying an additional clause to the ordinance proposed by Mr, decorated with a cockade.usual.the iutcrtsi.on the public debt on the 1st oi January in coin. '. _ ,An actor announced the secession of South Carolina And the Collectors are heroby instructed to levyavd collect last night from the stage of the Vaiieties. It was re-IN NEW-HAVEN.Tl e Select Commit tee of^ the Senate on the Crisis met tc^-day, and had a free interchange of opinion, dur- ing which" Mr. Bolivian eaid that he Vasready now to uiiite in recommending'such amendments to the Con-duittties on all geoods, wares, merchandise, at half the rates hereto- fore exacted T>y the operation of last Tariff act of the United StateB Goveinment until otherwise directed.ANOTHER REPORT.CHARLESTON, Friday, Dec. 21,1860. Prayer was offered, invoking God's blessing on thonew-born-Confederacy.Immediately after reading the journal,Mr. Adams moved to exclude the reporters andctraugcrs. y • ;'• _.'•' Mr. Earlee otfered a written substitute, appointing a acknowledge d their thanks and compliments. The ffag OTSing to advices from the United States Sugar wasThe Senate has confirmed the nominations of Georgethat tyranny not as the basis of our rigl^; of W. Heard, aa'Secretary of Legation to China, and read the report on the request ofthe President.wut&.aeeur'ity for our ri,h»-—not by a ConyoatioD of all tb*j South• r a Sift'.f-, nor by CoDgmf»it>n»l t'lcK*. which' have WioU iniifnfi pa« wad wi.'l fail again. But our plan i* for the Southern separation and self-govcrnmeut, but as reasonsIStatoa to withdraw from -ibo Ualoo, fur the present, to allow for then and there asserting it. W e must consider Messrs. Hale nnd'Hr.ghcs, from Texas, sire here asjiinerdo-rnt-* to tbo Cvn»tlt»ti«T» to IM? made guaranteeing our h.is philosophy sounder than our cotemporary's,' count el for Judge Watrous., whom tiie Houseprepare an nfjdtcfss to the Southern people. "Mr. RhettAfter being read, Mr. Pope moved that an address Committee on Federal to Foreign Relations, and alsoDnnldn:•NEW-HA VES,• Friday, Dec. 21, 1860. At 3 o'clock this morainff, a fire occurred in a tene- ment bouse, owned bv John A. DaveniK>rt and occu-be not re j orted until iinal action was taken.Mr. Cam moved that, it be printed and made the nag.Sonth Carolina's secession produced not the slightest Charleston, the officer in command of her telegraphed Tbe question making it a special order for' 1 o'clock sensation here, one way or the other: People seemed«WI0 ty cent prcminm for Missouri funde. Gold J->worth S'&9 •}P out premium ovnr Mimouri. paper. Silver i« 4®5 #-c«nt premium on Ohio, K.<*ntuoW aud Indiana paper; arid 02'7.p'allegiar.ee to So-.ith Carolina, HOh>u« as I oiay continue a citizen satisfaction hdrc. A movement is on fool to hoist the below KisHOurl. has been deemed necessary by the Secretary of War thereof, and that J am duly qualified, according to the Coustitu-tions are as strong as any in the country, and will be pointed, and will, to the beat of uiy ability, dischas.w the duty of House. —The first sale of pictures for tho benefit of therights; and if a People may rightfully, declare been published. in New-York, whit-h stated thiit Fort take, bef-idee Bpecial oatha not repuanunt to thisJConHtitution pre- States will cheerfully meet th#m.scrilKC by the Oeueral Aseeuihly, the following oath:J do solemnly swear (or aflirm) that i will bear faithful and tnicernment, then no other people can have a rightto make war on them for so doing. So, at least, to officially contradict the statement. Tbe fortifica- UOHof thin istH'.e, to excrete the office to which I have been ap- P;:lmetto flag/ with fifteen stars, from the Custom-themselves independent and establish a new Gov- Moultrie would be surrendered if attacked, and thai- EICH.MOXU, Friday, Dec. 21, 1860.The eecef?ion of South Carolina seems to give great cent prcnduiu on lliluoin. Wiuooxuiu paper KOILJ at La'Zi & coutation, tbat Mr. Van Alen and J were, about to proceedt't Springfield to attempt to induce Mr. Lincoln to write ,IMr;<5WIN (l)em.j Cal.) moved to take up the bill nn.aii.ijg United Statas of America, and the nations of tho Carolina. With the. glorious Palmetto ilag thrown ernor as well as Mayor, being represented in any otherthe.passage of the Pacific Kailroad bill.' .a letter which might conduce to alky the excited and and make it the special order for the 2d of January.' In I'.tiS, rhat portion of the British Empire, embracing Great fired fifteen guns in honor of the first step taken by•will be to collect the duties on foreign- goods Mijriy feelings pftlio Southern popubition. I have but Mr. BRAGG Dcm., (N.C.) moved to refer the bill to P-itaui, undertook to make laws for the govenmient of the that gallant State, and emblematic, we hoj>e, of coming. . .An.erican Colonies. A struggle for the right of self-governmentriisued, which resulted on the'/1th of July, 1776, in a declaration events. All honor and'glory to. the game-cock of theby ttie Colonies that they are, and. of right ought to be, free and ny tne l otolites ttiat they are, and. of right ought to tindependent States; and that as frr.e and indeplendentt:States they. i:avc full power to levy war, conclude peace, contract" alliances, •••i::bli-h con uierce, nnd to do such things wlhiioch iindependent bta.'»s have the right to do. .Mr. KKS^ENDEN ottered tin amondmout allowing Kovenmitnt becomes destructive of these onda, it is tho ostah- bonfires, hells ringing, cannon tiring, nnd Main street tbe men, in attempting to land, were drowned. Tbo She may go without them just as long and just tions to the contrary, the people will discover, if they tie City of Waahmglfcn tp tax the property ofthe Bal- li-bed riphr of the people to alter and abolish it, and institute a illuminated. Speeches have been made byJ. R. Bran-a Specijil Commjitee. Disagreed to. . jbrought into the ports of the Stat>«; or, if that one-word to t-ay on this subject—Mr. Lincoln needs no Mr. Ov.in's motion was carried.BARK ASHORE ON LONO ISLAND—Ftvk MKK Dis6\y»i:D.—The bark ashore at New-Inlet Bar,. Hempstead Beach, proves to bo the Prussian barkcan't be done, the ports will, doubtless, be advice. In these times, the true, honest,- American closed by Congress,- and Secession will then be heart will ask itself but one question—vvhat are tbeCHAS. HARRIS,have a Government, and a Government of the United that ail tic provbabns of the bill be inoperative .unless wa» totally dissolved.The Hon. Thomaa II. Watts is one of the States, undivided and unbroken, resolutions of aeces the Baltimore and' Ohio Railroad check baggage over The Committee say tho riq;ht ofa ptate to fjovom itself, and thesecession nominess, Mr. Yancey being the other, the main line and branch to and from Washington, right of the people to abolish u government when it becomes de- sion to the contrary notwithstanding; aud they will strnctiv*'. orthe er>ds for which it was instituted, wereexpressedM a r y l a n d .BALTIMORE, Friday, Dec. 21,1860.• i i • 'JOUN SLOSSON.The bill was then read a third time, and passed, by proof of this. When tho fourth article ofthe Constitution was servative and devoted to the anion of the States undercipitation ist. Mr. Lincoln is qwti as black as ble him to get through tlio year, he will to-day com- others, it was possible to do-any good there to the hurt. They denied the richot of property established in fifteen States moment that be stood hero, he was at theservice ofthe aiid ruoo«uie«d by the Constilu'.iou. *!Mr. Hamlin; indeed, in point of complexion, rnt-nce carting off tho enormous accumulatiouB of dirt cen'a'to* If he could tee any .mcanw by which ho could Uliey have denounced at;sinful tbo institution of Slavery; have peinslttvd an open eHtahlishmont of soolutl6fl whoso ayowal andcannot consent to any precipitate revolutionary action to aid in the dismemberment of the Union. When be ie satisfied that there is no hope of adjustment, and-notJiowd' Expedition, are utperhaps even darker. But whether he is or not, of the past uix or seven weeks.Butler of Lander's Wa/ avert trouble* betv/een the two sections he.would over object, are to disturb thu peui;o and prosperity of the citlxetu o£ i until tbonVjwiHhe exercise any power wjta which h« the Metropolitan Hotoi.jUU•tjiM&i • / •-•b.iHWHtttianiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comJ^—.—.— •••M fii^Jiia^l< ^M ^^£^^l__j^_^^. .' •;.•/:; ,.'j.- *"* • .y •-.•••_• .•;;••' _:_^-.I, .., ,'The contidernimn of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail road bill was resumed.A bt'tf discussion ensued on minor amendments.Mr. KENNEDY spoke at length in favor of the bill.Chief of Mimite Men of Norfolk.But bis opinion was that the State of'Mississippi having tbem th»< right to represent, and burdening them with direct toxee for throe-fifths of their sluves; by-authorizing the importa-ceived with enthusiasm.CHARLESTON, Friday, Dec. 21, I860.appointed a Committee to report a style' of StateOn the firing of the first gun, John Tyler, son of ex-well WHSelected on the first ballot. A. G. McGrath President Tvler, after the iiriyg had ceased, mounted tributors are Bouxhton, Rossiter, Lang, Gignoux, Shafc-Huntington, and Dix.to allow the Baltimore und Ohio.JKailroad to' crOBS the , The following is the declaration of.causes which jus- Norfolk is. pledged to stand by South Carolina and last week, that Mr. Hicks had been painting a fullThe Stete of South Carolina having determined to resume a (••(.poTr.tp ardequal among nations, doem.s it due to hereelf and thovention as follows:Tbe Minute Men of Norfolk send greeting to Southworld; thut she should declare the oause which led to the act. to tho breeze and floating over oar heads, we have just manner.,do. not now know, what are tbe laws of the land. Thoy timore and Ohio Railroad in the District of Columbia. new government. Deeming that the Government of Great bam, R. A. Smith, C. Anderson, P . Tracy, and others. remainder, eight in number, succeeded in lauding oniwill discover, what some «eem now to doubt-.-that we/OT Montgomery County, Alabama, to the State further discover that the Jaws of the laud will be exe- with all tbe roads .termihatingjjn Alexandiia, Washing- when the Colonion separated from the mother country, and.be- w;ill appear in 1'he American to-morrow. . ing, before an audience of nearly two hundred. Ho ton, and Baltimore, and with, their connections, on car^efrfe and indepetiden't States. The" parties amending the Judge Handy inquires whether the Governor will treated of tho leading peculiarities of aonie of the oldtConvention. The Hon. Mr. Watts has taken cuted, Korth, South, East, and West-—executed in the terms us favorable as the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Constitution, on the 17th of September, 17:n, were tho several6ovcr<'iii»i Stttt4>s. conveno^the Legislature for the purpose of-cooperating masters, particularly of Titian and Paul Veronese, and!the stump, and stomps it to such purpose that quiet but determined discharge of duty—executed witlr may mate' with any other line. This was discussed at On May 23,1789, South Carolina, by a Convention of hor peo- with Misrisri'ppi in measures necessary to defend tuo endeavored to show, by copious illustrations from out favor, and without fear—executed iu compliance comiderable length,, and agreed to. ple. as(.eiit< d to tbe amended Constitution of the United States, rights ofthe South, and to form anew confederacy.'the Montgomery Daily Mail wishes " w e had an Mr. PESSKNDKN (Rep., Me.) moved an amend- i. be failure of one of tho contracting parties to maintain their The Governor replies at some length. He sayB that Shakespeare, how the artist in colors used his figmeuta -witb an oath from which " no human power can ve- ment to tax the real estate of the road like any other Constitutional-obligations releases the other. Fifteen ofthe•<••hundred speakers of the pluck and eloquence Northern StatCrbtwe.deliberately refined for years to futlill their Maryland is identified with the Southern States in. to delineate what, Shakespeare used words to express. " of W a t t s . " W e learn, on the same authority, lease him''—or; Mr. Lincoln is not the man I voted for. real estate. Agreed to. • Constitutional obligations. He would refer to thece States for .a feeling, institutions, and habits; but Bhe is .also con- The final lecture of the course will be given on Fridayjustment of the difficulties and grievances of which taken tho subject into her own bunds, he could not ex- taiion of Blnves for twenty yeari; and by stipalating for the ren- they", more than the people of any other State, havo aby the Union. This ftpecch, it is added, was n-ceived witb deafening applause.''pect to work advantageously with the Committee. dition ot l"ti}.'itive» lrom labor. ' right to complain. STREET Cr.KANisc—Tbe sum (aP,$35i00Ohaving been the labor as willingly an lie trusted he had done upon Affentftl, end.the Gi>vemtnet)t itstilf made destructive by the HO-moderation is singularly oat of place in a pre- tranfferred to the account of tho City Inspector, to ena- all the wryice of tbe public. But if, in the opinion of right of deciding on the propriety of our domestic institutIons. 'bepromptly effected. Until the effort iafound vain, beUntitled Document'...•-, ••titmof the Non-Slaveholding States. Those State* assumed the the Union desire an adjustment, and he' thinks it willSouth. ...;..,We ore jubilant over tbe secession of South Caro- Johann Benjamin, Capt. Kuhn, from Newcastle Oct.The correspondence between Gov. Hick« and tbe Lectures on Art was given at Clinton Hall last event* Hon. A. K; Handy, Commiaaioncr from Mississippi,means to preserve and perpetuate these. He declaresthat the sentiments of the people are almost unani- Tr«E GOVERNOR'S SrAKr.—Thc following memberaevening at the rooms of the National Academy of- •i m •MK. PACE'S LKCTURE.—The second of Mr. Pagc'«.. .,,.•' \-.'. I t^mm^.-- •••-i-'•-•• 