kthe same" What wepolls,.sous,«n«°"»ge Churchesand 'refused,or omittedBoOTerolt and For the UniTed mates. Judgseand Mr. Craig.^to''France.lia&i of carnages for tiie conveyance of passen-gers, and for 'taking them up and setting them down at will, were established in Paris as early as 1661. The cliarget for conveyance iu theai at tliat time was but fiveWisconsin, $280 94rao room fora gentleand his friends there. He aAd his friends also bronshtIts Harlem' B.'Prefe'd'f are fax f***"! Feop(Pr-<MJb oaily thingslowa, $21 40, Ohio, $2 68 Theused a. a medium,give10» do eaatndt%d the oOeera as 10 tiie eEsmfaiatian, tesUfy^ US do^ sa ^  IBM"*'**'*'*OWr«,«««. VT»ACT.fwidiItand numerous calls show how much could behas been theto the to land aNorth, and party, or tostory of the elaknant, found a rerdiot inhi* favor.Init has become a prover- anomnibusisneverfull." No 'ded it maybe, there is always with a baby,- or a wftBsn with a, ,, U!K"l°ivj.d°^ualJs'".BidiPgcity, however, manystageshave beenput on,.sssibn at Chi-TM"TM '""'"'>' °f uniformly so just and con him tuseOjmiBCSBS IN PAKI8.agers of the •• 'hat they endeavor to thors shall pass avi-aj ; compasTfthat of Sew-ToA., '.'W'e are a "fasti" aa ea-raised; mmestabUsted book trade has beenthey wonl/ have him sUpped.''aaSt ICS^ bift do Taau bM4^0^is ds •isssS do..v assjC5adbe]WaMI»flNv«rid-tat4|B^y olhef tUngs lAfch we might with proCtthat Chavannl told them every case that is ^ected at cbandlFe In itbefore ft was opened.aBOMl«b.C««.Band C(nD&t>9T-&om the Buropeau systems.doaok » doIfew-Yo^^n'"know,and the conductors were ibibiWeii to talce gold in payment, for the purpose irfaMjMiiig. the loss <rf time which would be paused the waali, or thelfily. The drivers of thfese vehicles had fre- quent difficulty with those of the hackney coaches,*°to havefrom different sections thority for this is the Hong Kong and Shanghai ^done iu thii wav To newspaper Press. As to the former, no one con-Mr.Weftte pessengen, „lUfci«e»_^Aqin^^ii«ers, fourteenwere not established in Paris until 1838, when the streets were placarded with immense poeterl^ de-scribttg in the following terms the new enterprise "These veidcles, the nomber of which will be iii- eraased to one hundred, will give notice af thelcout another goes in, and now thatcannot with impunity libel their own Government,flcraW^ublished at much more respectaUe. BtQI, itsvejth cantion. Iu editor is, or recently t>a dUTerent mottons, snd was fuUy stateU, together sequfnt tip<m It, 'each seat sepaiUed from its neighbor by little brassThere is doubtless a future for the onuubus, asto the state of the Slavery in the — present question uredthedanger if,State. TtiirCly, the statute is In \iolatlon of Art 1, ing 2^ cent additional decline, tlie list rtMnsi,-«.i^TTOjrcosrajsnoH. WestcruTr^H Sodety,ny^^^ Tuesday, B<^ SS, 1860. ftom the Boolevards in an omnlbasme^of theCUaa. :somewatclies iroiu UamSaa In Us pocket ; that wM|5^as asked by theaT''.VthtaMotnine,Uieideastruckme,uindfeditoften several"newlinesestablished,andit is alreadyiMoSsR_ndsdon Mv. B..ba3UeaH>k • subscription,FiderateOhf*^ecnmenwho hehadgoodsJthatbesignedthedeclsratioBElOfSrBesdldoB".gB. 41 do. •"4kaabrfere,howmuchbetterthemanagemeDtofthe proposedtoestablishothers,to enlarge the vehi-Faiis was than -that of our Ameri-^gl^bnies pt cles and to reduce the fare from six to four sous.^^itiea, aul how ioBaiidj aapeiioT, putlcularly, The stock of this company is one of the best inwhKi-cih^h?a?d^b'e'e'n^received ^during the fiscal vearwas $2,180 30,01 which $660Boston Society. In Himois $1,164 45;O^^ltfalic lately have had withoat It ot knoHlag the contentsdo. .:i*s bU(Sed linen going to^6cmaiailcet with a basket ofgm called a pAde amiiaL be found *l««A^ wlioUy iafree of extra charge. «re arranged to carry twenty-Much timesubjectof co- operating with the Beform Tract and Book Socie-ty in Cincinnati, and the subject was finallr refer-.the proprietorspolitical agitation. political^'^'"^^''''^ *^ ftetis made ffai» conductor by droppbig a I^e glassred to a Committee wliich repbrtedltheceeded (hem (b aaiml againstduring wee^. tbmHiimBmiitetkkaittonpreaeM'IwM'f*'' %jfollowinz-their theatricalHoease, ponoant to tha'provisiDBs of that act -Aaiaivnetlon^ iUnminated, over the top of t)!e*or;taS«rai i^hioh the woid ••eomp^'visLtJulul. IB^liMlP'VfniAhiifthrrriinnijfnnrtnngi^ ^ ({xpee|M (in a ytisiixf to geit outaMe, or to.lean the %l0a»ii^f>vKi»x fst thepturpclse of atopJtMototrf, Thaithe operaUon of the United past year, as eminent-was first obtained, which the defendants disregarded,alia (itll »> '"'it''*is statements as toand'for nblch$290tu defendant Harmann,was, fineditKMiAr "aWy," wJks when he aban- dona his wanlM:'^ ]>bic^ for the 'ontaide wet andjlirices.makingcold, sweq^iM* J^that tltere ia not the leastin mount-ant^mthics. In its columns appeared a year agotlcdup tomday today,jiinenlj for lier,iM ahooid have been relinquishedaction.*thoogjk H ware made ex-sootwr. system may not be so muchbyDr. Chextex'8presence, but aonly praisecanShang- The main relied on pointsbydefendants, in haps, be ascrOied to the magnitude, of tlie ootstand- sup-Tljfl^firftfflaTi " inaccordaaoaWilkourideaof gallaatry,"butitwhichthe are instltated them,proceedings against and quasi political panic set in near the close eCis certainly orach more Inst and comfortaDle. Eachomnifaaain Paris^astwenty-fourplaceslarly the steps." And all these advaiitajes were:adopted" That this assembly having heardcopious Chkbveb, ofofficer.The truth is that when the flag-sliip touched attills State, which that "no should be provides persondeprived of life, liberty or property without due pro- cessoflaw." Secondly,becausethestatuteis local, and makes that an olTence in the City of New-York,The business to-day amotuits to about fbrffthousand Shares, sod abont Bailwayad- etiU diere are;exhaled, <forand thecaxrottct a soon fell into dis- cinq-tous"disposal,his report,tlie to cattK appearsin andtenoutside; andfind they theycassedbroughtinto tiieoo the. inside the seats, like ours, are ranged offered to the citizens of Paris inseven on a side, and '^ lengthvrise, accamiiiodating significantsumof&vksous.1828,for the in- ^ex-tlOtJttt State Stocks, (chiefly Misstraiis,) at rates averag-anns, wiiich ^awpt any crowding. Tiie conductor'stands upon a- aiep Weltered ia bad weathsr The first pubUc carriages contained but six places,which I very much doubt,the able, xealous, and uncompromising advocate of danger there was. He knew what force was York, whieh provides that the free exerinse of relig- demand at the reduced rates, thongfa it wooUifrom the rain fey fi IStle canopy, and to him tlwfare is paid tifoa entering, which is certainly much buses when first established carried but twelve,ious professions and without dtscrinunation worstiip,more convenient and agreeable than is the naviga- tion throagh aau of crusliing crinoline, which isand afterward successively fourteen and sixteen,Without elabonthig these pohits to any extent,counsel for defendants, Mr. Clinton, rested his argu- day. The lowestsales of thebeday may called aaand now each easily and with safety Toik oauubtoa^l through which passengers iiand the of the ?English, French^and Sikh soldiers sufficient to defy mentfollows:24 necessary to get at the little holes in the Xew- passengers. Who can predict the future of tliethe dearest ofrights humanitytheir ftw tiMhe drtver, and through wliich, in order'is, no doubt, a competent judge of all this,to atteai^toeverybody seems to be maiungan draw his leg. On top therAre placespromote, byand more principle, necessary. Already the abolition of the laws which hold their fellow- epdwillingat therecognizedday,or setapartlowParis at aU.passengen,Mr. Waed, no doubt, was instructed to in theJThe cost of Ading on tiie inside is six, and on theand various edifices have been already been collected and tiahsmitted' to the go— inquiry bath all showing that that day had t>een universally Brokers continues regardedas notonlvaday of restbat as sacred. Mr.pirime paperaotica^yrliehset of figureafimch JjBidfs the number ofIH^ptI have not the.the bell operatafupon apense of $30,000. beensubscribedbythewidowofthelateGkobos^^^ .•"ip lipcause a rlniii ii4il>(tliitirii on the part of ihe man- I young as ever ;it» troubles and their wicked au- than thev will gain even hi|tMtdbection. The de. the other padcages, aad and it will have a complete termMaUon to keepnomorestagwootlun theycankeepfull revmdicatfooe4«llits righto. ThusmeaSpaS electionof»aoMWLUooLa tha extends towboIslmportatioD, valued at abontall the time, and the Result is that omMme of the the infalUble Churchitself—thu» iim:i!T_T_Tsustain htf Aaixaqistation. Yonrob't servant,Nxw-TOKK, Oct 26, 1880.and had never Impoi^;«5i»,Vl«s.Buorarii8St'.trl;W «». ».N.Y.t>otrUB naj; *;;:a va- cancy on the street, and it is necessary, oikeiiNe, to go to a bureau and wait the regular turn in or-»t?>j!Smost traveled lines it i» impossible totersvriUbe. TM*So be it."tH^fote,^'T^".these Mbteman's eigpet-bag robbed on board the awaiBer.i&d fearing lest he shpnld be robl>ed also ha40SBBS do... SOO do• Erie Bailraad rx« dolos doder to get a seat. SincenewLtookoutaarpetbagond put ttMhDatgh»hseaUtholedhadth,eanodffnivcer^11as for almost everything else in this world.United States, gladly recognizes Dr. Cheetkb asSetttoo 3. of theConstitutionof the State of New-windinguptills aflemoon vrith rafter anlnipimy<"the fuU ex'OTt oOhe means-at their Treasurer, Mr. TtrruiLi, Kino firesentccfTheThePeople ex rel. The Soeieti/ farRe/or-, —petAunesare it considered tocial or an Amercan.We state of (he'and afterward eight. The present style of omni-the his rights ofhaving or shall forever t>e allowed in ttils State ~«carcely be candid to say that the genesal taae -aC preference,omnibus, carriage in all the cities of theministers and people of that country, it offera themMr. Wardand can scarcely be supposed to beand able argument, showing that from time iiamemo- rial all nations, peoples, kindreds and tongues, hadHudsonHarlem ..I5J« Reading 42sl«|ri|ke aljlg^for ten passengers u|)on seats^ranged lengthwise of they are talking here of an imiuense omnibus, men in bondage."of his official term to offend hisby neglect. He could protect nobody, and what his German friends that even their own great-It]wstageintliecentre,andplacedwiththeirbacks shallbe whichandcomfortable, andwereCapt.SiuiBLUiG'sresourcesafterall? Sail-ors he could not spare, and if he could, they would Salibath was a day to be devoted to mirth and money* strongerhave been a great trouble to the allied soldiers. making was in most part a German discovery. The follows, compared witl) Wednesday ThursdayGermans alone, among us, had undertaken to inocu- WtA-Timn. Pri.l Wad.TtaM.IM. He probably has a marine guard of 25 men, all lale American society with tlieir favorite notions, TirgloIss....8«li W](88 KlehigaaC... SU(4nt«lliascmt, to a perscm not afflicted with rheumatism, wants of the of at one people Paris, by conveyingand with onuoarSywipple limbs^ is very easily ef-fected by means of an iron step ladder, whichpasaas np the ri(^t side of the rear of the KEI^IGIOUS INT£I.IiIUENC£. stage. 'Ifo femalMaK young i^dldren, or aged orinfirm jiersonSi ar^^Prmitted ^llde on the "im-perial f and no person in a state of intoxicatioD, ordraaaed in'any other than a decent mannfer, or car-rying any pai^gewhich will inconnfiode his fel- *to the healti and full lUs of man.lation on the subject of ttac observance of the Sab- while the for from ttie KscOantgenerally adopted,countrymenquoted After the adjournment in the afiemoon, the'*t* each otiier, or rather with a single back. The which will tend to meet the rapidly the increasing^, justclosingiiuprov^buildingcept in tho fiag-ship.oent. for 309Wper-who iiavifridden dorini^ the transit from one BEOwy, and $5,0(* by a successor of the distin- Committeeofabtitution, withCommo- ing to the.•M,«STi--.... -,pleasure" for further, larger and early dore Stbibli.no, whom, to the best of my recol- not be iinpaired or destroyed, until, by due process of..neglectandexposure.In view of these facts thesciences,and that Its value could having property.sides this, if there were any grounds far suspicion, new church for the someofthethousandmouchards,ormembersof tionwillspeedilybecompleted—*ipreme Court,tlie secret police in plain clotlung, would be in- stfncted to dde with the suspected person until he was either caught infiasrrantc detictu, or the dcul its as to his honesty removed.E.) Church is rapidly pushing forward the erection ot a new building, and among the other congrega- tions whicli ire moving actively in the ssime direc- tion may be mentioned those of the First Univer- .'ialist Churcli, of the United Presbyterian Church,which was tried at the Circuit of theIncreaseThe quotations for American Stoclts in Lon-fpersonalacquaintanceAgoingat 6 Vgood,andupon the present attempt of the Germans to disregard The rates of Exchange for. Saturday's mail are MB^nut the Imt onr laws its obser-vascoen.ly In Sabbattho,the touchinogf the law, ®10Si on London, and 5f. 18{®&f. 17^ on Pam,solid, lightThe Indcpetident commends this resolution asHe did thlf he ,said,because thediscoverythat thethan the lowest Board sales, andas :time no less than sixty persons.VorAOiuE.not commit the Association to local or anyNadecs af Seligioaa UoTemeata—Spirit of tlie.»rteHadMBHarlemHarlem Fref. 43 43 SSK BiurliMtoa.. Readloc 44 44 41!i Mlehrs.ad..—Prcm Services To-marravr.of rest once in sevenresult of his inquiries to the House of Lonls. .^s aCBVBCH lUPBOTElIENTS IN B.U,IIHOBK.In Baltimore, Md., a number of churches are infects of .such repoee, be 'pronotmced it indispensable The rates for Money are unchanged, nai the)M the enlargement of the"»"%»al-Thob. a •Camoil.fSrMitly,ieuTedinTe^a».an<rwas w»tc_alS doCht. B-k «• iUbis Is .. M>'Ill«Iin, JiftJ,-^ TMrepute, scarcely being respectableride in them. Omnibusses, in their present form, •was consumed In discussing thevrereenlertalnments on the Sabbath contrary to the recent act of the Legislature, the plalntUE) or relators pro-a idastflon.- Tliey'ara ocfMitwd ki aaeh a'nraaner as to.^saage by'upon lrumpets.4>finveo-West and ceived while we stncerely regret the withdrawal of the A. R.timesat the the diirer.to the conductor or Ue door placed in the rear is so ar-shman. Its EnglishorthosewhohaveEnglisfasympatliiesand wasjnadesOineweeksi3t|^teit«>gi>in*d4eontribatorsare eitherBull GoUracts,sfO, at Ughac si^ 011taDd.theIoss9a.wt;a .newconvey people Every day,and, under the be-lief that the continuance or suppression of this en- all the Eebels in China, even if they were hostile, Henry A. Cram, Esq.. for the relators, without any Centralthis com-mon mode transportation becoming more every means consistent with Christiancivilizedof is respefworld,its earnest anatfiil counsel toa sev-'subscrip-days,proved or explained.The conductors are usually very polite and dtiRg- of the New-Jerusalem or New Christian Church, When the Old Duane-stroet Church snail have at the earliest opportunity. Ed.]steamer to-day as followsthe Confpany in 1853 and 1854, the entire over-issue New-York Central, 81 ; Erie, 40Jof any dispute with a passenger, are always ready andwillingto(BbmitthequestionatissueJothefirstGeniian Cliristian Church, 14 Lutheran, 9Cliurch. Twenty-livetlioueanddollars,Mr.Mitch-elltliought,cinity, and for the other half they look to the to secure a first success." General Church. The was to a necessarypoiicemmiomn&us one day on one of the exterior boulevards,;subject referredof yesterday,from the 1st ofT three .laiiuary*^forUniversalist, Jewish Syna- wImo a well ,dressed, good looking man cnterad go^es, C United Brethren in Christ, 1 Otterbinespecial Committee of five, and at a subsequenta the to raise meeting report favoring propositiona fund for the Church in question, and pledging a donation from the members of the Conventionand took his seat. I noticed that a passenger op-St. Peter'sof the Unalteredhim ratherafter continuing his observations for a minute ortwo, this latter spoke to the conductor, and' in aaoae loud enough to be heard by the new comer anda&the'passengers,informedhimtiiattheman followsfromParis,underdateofOct.surmounted, some time during the fear, \was unanimously eflective canvass will have been conducted inBidwell and Domiidck for plaintiff; O'Conor and Van Cott for defc'ndaul£.JanuarfaS 177,e80 January 30 147,«a» Kebrusrye a«,6M FebtuarvlS I80,OS4 FebruairSO 173,008 Februarv37 232,123 Marehe. 190,000 March 13 232,142 Marehio 127,771 March2r. 115,«« Aprils 172,448 April 10 330,184 April 17 319,637 April 24 310,749 Mnvlfosixe eyedsharplyas sat down, and geCongregation,l--inak-opposite was a thief, and that he lisd'seen him buta iMllth before at the Trihunal de—Police. Theconductor unmediately requested him to aligln, which the man did without a murmur, proba'jlyvery glad to ^cape from company where he wis ao well known, and not sn all anxious to invoke the intervention of isergent de Villc.ware, and a man will float witlf the tide whoIn the case of Francis Enright the District- Attorneveaid'tliat the application for a new trial might be laid over until the second Mondav In November.it was ordered ttiat the County Clerk .-should sum- mon one hundred jurors to attend in the SupremeTl>o routes ofthe Patislan omnibuses arelone, end in about every block on the principal last, the daughter of Hon. Mr. Pbeston, our Am-A bassador to Spain, made a public 'profession of re-at the morn- this youngtain bureau, gties to it, and informing the clerkwhere he, wishes to go, receives a number, which to afford her unusual facilities for enjoying thestreets is a bureau, at which thepkaaenger widdng to take any stage passing a cer-as as8Ure<i, and we would again an exile."deeplyregret to see himonly gree, to the Slate Prison for five years. Michuel B;ir. June 12of its own citizens. In the North rett. convicted of in the fourth degree, was 19 instrumentality forgery Junewith the sentenced to tho State Prison for two years, James Jmie26entitles him to a seat, in the order in which it is (iveii him, on the true,democratic principle of"wliich lie desires tothere are jao seats vacant in it, he mu^t wait until one antvea in which there is room, and then the eoateetor admits the passengers in the ordi r of Ikab mBlbers. n4s arrangement, though it often refatna a looc iQdt at a bureau, prevents a rushand th» crowding and whk^ flp"" to be tl||[.ifndal kleaworld—coming out and naming the name of Jesus.The fact, too, that this is made in the professionthroughout the world to devote the week com- popular prejudice.We are gainin't rapidly, and IDeelsloBS. eCPBEMS COCBT—OHAURERS.first come first served." When the omnibus inhaving.iriMBancmniilma^ttferes, 1^ jfoaSxita.Constantinople,family,formed Dutch Church will hold'theirlast services746JI99 Thft total receipts of Flour and Grain•ft all the There ia onete73 116 ?5X Sir,....KHnow reach S0,284,973|bnshels,or 15,56r,3i»polica^iglihlions portionavenue, prior to their removal to their new church edifice in Thirty-fourth-street.ed our duty and placed- our partyon a firm basis.... 16^ which could lie \3^ scarcelyf.OOO do13,(100 Cal. State Vi.... 92since have been nhie and a halfmilllons,gocomes to the bureau, ifsignedstalges stop.and was in the baptized4l^tap«ty of tha same Company. This is the sys- hard service, accompanied by bis wife' and six 'tamtt corrrttftttitliu. Ilive near the Louvre, daughters, and they were shipwrecked on the aadlwanttogoto theBastile. There is no om- English coast, and his wife drowued. There ismorningllev. Dr. Vi.vTONGram thesiOM .... 3r«i The receipts of all Xind of .U>nilHia which goes from (the neighlrorhood of the Iiouvre to tliaBaatile, but close by, from the Pal- aiaBoyal,anomnibus'starts every five minutes,bytheMadeleine,nearwhichis abureau omnibuses take their departure for the I, therefore, take a Palws Boyal omnibussympathy1 20 Del. * H. CanalSOPenn. Coal CoC(o.«tto thosererv large & the aggregateprevious,'te^he iladeleine,doubtfiil!pd^adhis soldiers.gleber, 1999, on beard the steamer Fulton. The s-ub-stance of the testimony given by the Government was80^ 623 Gal. A: Clile.85080?., 250K,>»rlk*«nk. Botend at the port.Thrown on Borket.TheMl*. l,8t,IBK 363,497and as I correspondence."When representation of the deed on Cal-paylittle slip of bloe ar yellow paper, on which ixthey respond?It isto confiscate the goods, which were claimed a Mr. Chavannl, as forfeited to the Custom House reason of an attempt on Chavanul's part to smug- them. Mr. Chavannl arrived in this port in Octo-him for -a"Troy University, E.) lo;the letter and number designating the om- from which it was given, and some dircc-We fear there i» no such lofty Kiirit71)4i4P^doBS in regard to the nee of it.in the Pranks.successor of the Napoleons answer to theof thewhich la delivered without any extra charge, I take thePope's rising formerlb lit BdiloT •/ th* New-York TimetAfter J. Van Bcres's misfortune in 1850, as House Inspectors took Chavannl to his stateroom, and ICO ISW^at the Kadeleine for the Bastile, whith- aHoOxuThatgreat- to meet theS. Co Railroad68 .93»S8!«66,038,364'90,M*,11*es, and ibr wUphit gi*es correspondences.DiocLESlANandMaie.ntiousaredead. He.neted If toey contWned anything else, and said Nothat100.b60'.soTotal entered..»I,37».2il6*'' <'°*) instead of paying twetve,which68^3l?i Mr. of Wool, .net i$3e*.3ia 193 $70,8<3 M8 «ta,>iserItoI ahonld do were I not &miliar with thewill report of my prediction at the68 do. 1060 Erie..... i; Tol. 11... ::ly^dtBOe" gotel4*h>>0**'i''^T-PO'^"other portion, bjr pq4nc only smglcyourfor Lincoln," by adding the qualification of an esti-dodododod»... il!« 650 d0..„-- SI*315 96,603 6t I4jn 41 28,061 8 6,466theHe hands me *"Willt'tovia saw avary,hebravelyexclaimed,thatifhehadbeen willpreachat.St.Paul's(M. Churchat A. byconductor,ask.broughtby360 .... 887S too ^"^ do.. .BlOSOi'i360 slO 81 iro .810 SO!$hiOOI'he following is a companttive statemeaCWith this,685J i»»;ThrowB on market SiaoeJiBl...is the°^ '^"ra firoms5 sIO31«6><116,467 409,3(9 107,361corres-packagethat Cbhvannl;Ck aany fare. EachChurch. Nor can bad men long retain its....>iIiCharity Church.Fund ofquite upand Wheat hirvest.it for thbty vears, payfaig the eitri|B annual sum of never dies. The Pope may be slam many PopeL90 »(}. B. 7»860 78% sIO 19 sl5?».636 T«640,000 francs for the ^ivOegeibiifeides 1,000 francshas been slain.aSt. PetePs may be burnedmanyPapal The Oppositionmembers of concentrating their efforto onafter coming back, said he was readyhim before100 do260 Hstiem R. Frefd.Total receipts...per anniim for every stage it maytl«i^yaboretheeachpackagewasopenedwhetherit containedas to one100 do 10* do:;;::::: 4,762,««6 Tfc*Bcoeipt8UdttO*7»,««»fKC»»to»fc.BithoDe.and of the St. James Catholic Church. This lastasbeing, averred,Hicliigan Central, 63 ,^ew-Tork CeH-and always ready to give information to per-sons not familiar with the city, and in this way are several thousand ^erson.s. When such of these but four Protestant churches in th# live lowerof great assistance to strangers. They are invest- rhurch edifices as are within the city limits shall Ward.s of Xew-Yorli, coiit:iiniiig a poimlatinn' (if To the F.Utor of the New-York Times :Bonds, 87i ;iag,edifice, whon completed, will afford sittings for lie linished the total number in naltimore will bebeen removed, wliich will be soon, there will beRepublicanism In Delaware. DOTEB, DeU, Wednesday, Oct. 24, ISOO.ed too with a great deal of arbitrary power, whichis necessary to enable them to enforce t'ne rcfrula-tjons of the Company, and of the PoHcc, and in case ciipal, 21to raisewhich is to pay off an old debt, and the balance toIn ail editorial in the Timks of the 113dUnited StateslOu, including§|The total equivalent of weekly receipts ofandGrainfromallsources at Flour (except teams)according to Wills'Chicago, Cominerc^ Expre**us follows: Roman Catholic, 2175,000.It isproposediiist..•>0 ; 'mightEpiscopal, 5whom they pass. I was rid'mg iu an As-sociation, 2; Independent Chiirrhes, 210 ;I'lesbyteriaii, Iti Methodist Protestant,:;men's Union Bethel, 2In this sentence you have, doubtless unwit- tingly, done a great injustice, for, I venture the as- sertion, that in proportion to the means possessed,and the <iiilicuUiesState than in the State of Delaware, and no whereChurch, I;Evangelical Lutheran Con-proof countrj',....;Reformed, ;:;Uaptist. EvanjelicalSea-could be raised in New-York and vi-Friends, 3 1 ; Unitarian, 2 ; Swedenborgian, 3 ;The trial now resulted in a verdict for the piaiotilf years,;pregationmg an .iggiegate of ICT.McClutook, the has present chaplain,with a possibility of order and of real progress. Hcnn thisthe customs deeply rooted, and not to beis well tousually very adapted this post. Sabbath beforeHome. While Locis NAroLKOM is at the heacl of of our principles, our own men mnst be the pio- In this Court. Recorder I!.\e.vard sentcnr:^d Mav2« 397.988 479,887 827,348ligion,ing service.chapel It was interesting to |seethe feelings of the people are in sympathy1,171,361 1,200,655 963,877 742,874 538,938 363,618 »W,9e7 4ll,e?7 M»,790 I,944,«t6 »7S,807 September11.... 819,088 September It.... VUM»lady, just entering into societyin a position, too,gay City of Paris, and that, too, aftermencing with the first Stmday in January next to special prayerconversion of the wotld. The address isKir OCLLINU Eakdly as Chairman, and by other distinguished British Christians whose names are familiar to the religious public.—Motion denied with-nowness, has proposed a Catholicdeepaliliciion..11I6 37^i.be0 38!«latM.IOS.'i;10,000 do a «>l;:in which Janaary9 li)«,S50 Jaauaryl« 176,540;;per, cent,grantedtHE AMIBICAA' OHaFEL VS P.AIU8.A correspondent of the Presbyterian writes asadopted.The Freeman's Jovrnal of this City, remarks on;show a greater relative gain.anytobea^Oyer and Terminer.Tho panel of petit jurors were discharged for" Tlie congregation of the American Chapel, Iam to has increase<l with the return of glad say,our fellow-countryman, the attendance being more^ondan abundance of good and in a forcible thought,and eloquent way. His assistant, Mr. Lonuacbe,hofis,Republican in New-York another thing in Dela-numerous than I have at any time seen it.and witli Italian once more society—and habits of our people, much prejudice necessa-Dr. to work in earnest, and, I tliink, will do much good. He is not a finished essay preacher, but he givesof theHoly See,From the nature of our institutionslived for years in Spain, renders her case the more re- marfeable, and shows how wonderful are the ways—ef God in as well as in graceprovidence. Herthat m a single campaign, in the face of unscru- lous opponents, with our own forces, divided be- tween Lincoln and Bell, that a Slave State, inBoor* vs. Bo5(».—Divorce granted.Brou-n vs. Pothct-j.—Motion granted with $10 costs. ''September 4lather and mother, though not themselves profes-sors ol religion, stood up with the daughter, when,in the presence of the congregation, she confessed .lesus as her Saviour.MONETARY AFFAIRS. Sales at Che Stack ExehoaBe—Oct. 2G.IAUl.M».M»*'«?*^l,44l.«nrl,31i6« since Jaao-arybushels greater than at the year, 9,3fi8J2b bushels greater than to the sime time la 1858.James McDowell, Jr., of St. Louis,candi-of Paris to prevent.of tiie Parisian omnibus ure will be a loss to American Christian1st, same time last andsyataB which is particidarly convenient, but Fsnsfor future operations.Yours, respectfully,S. 3ft.... 3JVintroduced, excepting where, as beta, the different omnibus lines are thehereinHe was re-60 doharvest,society in One of the French missionaries in Africa has3,000 do 6,000 do.... 16)4justarrivedturning hcnne for the firet time after thirty years of *- *----•—-comer 01steamship, in260 feet iu length, 36 feet of hold, wh:^ launched fromK. B 10,000 Mich.So. 2dH.Ba60 do ee 150 do «6 100 doaddingten and a l»lf mllhons bushel*muchTheBoston_.i*»/o<la evidentlydistressed abputHicks-street and Gra<S»-for him." THECA'TBOLICnUSSAKDTHETBOUBtESI-N ITALY.oftheweekIt claims ttiat the Pope lias a natural right to call upon the great Europeanoccupy the pulpit of the Second-avenue (M. E.) Church, comer of One Hundred and Nineteenth-street, in the mom-—gBrOOLINO CONFLICTOFTKSTIMO.NT.ISO do.ISO do300 N. T. Central 187S dolOH too do 10i(81 160 do 81 250 do sok- GOeaa lOO._ movament, b«t u.,tlie troubles Tn Italy.Powers for protection, and addsbl6 71»^ alO 7IJi'"' ri :i=i 71W '!'«thethe same time receipts an scnaewbat dlmthlihed, aak^present, he would have rescued theUedeeraer withiI'IU1571?. oftheimport*ofForeignDr^GoodsatSew-Toifc, blO 71!(!is fullol that.isfast to itsthat while coming upBay,oneof the Custom4:inEeadlnff Ihiilroad..presentnoble KingHO?;!.("ongress But let the nationsprophet: Cbavanni said No, but on search he found a60 do.960 91?i .i>30 laafoDowlBgsammaiyfor thedifficulty.voice ol honor, gratiiude andyouof watches and some loose watchesOOBSOHRIOaNBICT. VAiuhoesED. wiroDBAwa* l-ko. Vsliie. .-kv. Vatai."anangement. In this way persoa< may may, things will be at last rioted. The infernal;please cor-Cooper and told the Inspector, as to one of tnem, 2F.0 do:io 100.1.1as gates cannot prevail against the truth of thehadthat it contained jewelry, but that the rest con- 14R030 29;« 21»''-actBalbaa has yiffi^'Vi in a conspicuoos place the umphed much. It is now suffering but it will 25,000. I will now add that if there is a full and31 aC0 3lIK 33,476«,4n _*4I«list af lines wlli((iifisa the bureaus which it pass- triumph again. Jcllan, the ti|iostatc, is dead.his request, up dcclarhigKfldo do dofn 55^fj^ buaineosatltoty.mated majorityin thisCity againstof sometion as to his property, and that one ol tlie clerks, atIt has suffered much; but it has ;proper- also tri-fpectors to the office on the wliarf to make a declara-..S6 29?i 200.."30 ."K!;; cloChie. &n. I. R 61 ^ ToUl.—— our cause have issued a circular, inviting all Christians must work its way slowly against the current ofE. Hawes, convictedwas sent to the Peritentiarj' for one year.degree,Julys July 10 July 17 July24. JoIySI AugU5t7 AugnstM Augusts! AugastW;do 600 do ^^ do y» rtoProtestantinterest since 1stJuly.Epis- Episcoji.'il. AJ'rican Methodist;McthoJist fl ;Is this paragraph:protest Spjjn more justly animated.ilo. do sl0 4: 2011 do.'iFather that after the storm is over, lie will tiiid himself se- cured in all that is of chiefcst concern to with—will not venture to stem the currreut.thing:e for as to theHolyMissouri,1676 Mich. Cen. K. riO doIM Mich. 3. S K. dodoSI60!,- c. ie\....:which wasresolution^ unanimously adoptedm^bf^A is gicat^° aggravated by the apeeuhttion for ths ftU, hi other words, by heavy Sear sales, is aa- anythingAmericanmnstbere- Thecasehasbeenseveral beforetlwConrts, gnestiooalifyttne;btitinaiSlltion'tothis,'oreaa-late Consul atwho liave been hern for somefor England and homewards. They have been in the room corner Thirty-thiid-street and Eighth- regular attendants of the Clmpcl, and their dep^a_r.t.$£,000 Tenn. Stete Se.'SO 89 1,000 Virginia State Ss SHU2,600 do14,000 Miasouri State 6s. 23,000 do..sSOMJo 60M. B. Smituers. 10.000 do 860 74 k' liSO do ... 37Xand histime, leave this weeki!jj 'IjI 'E'^v. Miles Sanpobd, of Northwi" occupy theimlpit of theTheofWheat alone in twelve weeks ,the andHiefaigan, $109 IS ;and inhalmer-|»H mMeschewing the pplicy of Depositories. The salesThe matter wOs thusbroognt to a conflict of. testi- mony, and the jury.dvlng gn»«er credence to thehave reached the sum of |l,loo.touched at Shanghai, on hisshowmg a balance on hand of $280.Hong Ktmgediton areThe defendants In this actionweview Western Tract Ageacy for thely satlsfiictary, uulShanghai,asadapted te aad .meets ttie wants of thefoT* of tho oedcr. CDntanpt.ahuwlngtluittlieAecdcv i> -T.andB.SoctettrofClnoiBiMiftotnus,wewillcon- Wat,anKngii tiane our operations under the name uf the " West-withthemainqpesUoDstnvoLyed,intheiVnisofthe Ifith of Junie, at wU*eh time the questiou of contemptis ootof iMti( iaas tIie^lMio|Fem Tract Ageooy."DR. OHEEYEit ABROAD.Astheseare.'argued.The matter now came up at Special Term of theofIt recognizes Dr. Chexteb's ability, while it doesexpressionfeelingcalled for.volved in this country.AK APPE.\L FOB THE STBIAS SL'iTEKEBS.ship waiting chap- were to and establish CenWal 83 821^ 801^ lUinoU (^en.. ,7e 34T4^ »K iSSiThe Committee appointed to raiseand the reportedrichest it has become the church in tlie poorestCity.;which waslately extensively same direction, and he had no means offor the accommodation of American memliers of the Belief Committee atontaide thrae'l^as, and the in as tiie Uethodist Protestant Mission is going up at the Beimt. Letters gratehilly acknowledging this aiddff^nce price mil aa the ttfA air and fine vM|Jtl^h one getsthe French and otherto the division changeand Monument- have b^en received from J. AtranSTtrs Johksoit, Shanghai of dates aa late as the 30th of July, fromtVliibBperial'* is not a whisper of complaint of neglect of Ameri- popular portim. of the buss, and Aoosanfls of have a front of 50 feet and a depth of 72, and will one of the Missionaries of the American Board. can interests.peoplesmontlis lists of undoubted donble nante credit.northeast comer ofof time mBroadway and writers, in wliich there of Baria froiia there, makes the street upon a lot measuring 55 by 120 feet. It will Consul for Syria, and firom Bev. Dr. Tqompsok, respectable responsiblethisregard,severelyanimadverted^50,000, $13,000 ofhe invetted for the perraanant benefit of the '* Delaware, it is believed,abe as deaf to the of notoriety iu that waythat liiiFac;!)!;!!.!itO<t».we^:obligationthey rectInstitute last night of "100,000 majority m the Stateeight pieces , of baggage, 150do.biO ..J.'iilsubjectthe term. The prisoners who have been tried convicted are 10 tx sentenced on Monday.andhim, sufficient guarantees for the. temporal independencemanysettled of upon basespopular (Contentment,is to be brought about surpasses our knowledge, rilyexists—Court Circuit and and Terminer, on Oyerwhen trials for honucide will be resumed.Grnerul SesHlons.Nov.12,and musJ bo to one a everymatter-WIPIP''^!'^ jlP^I-H* -. :'i »RJ.I^ -P|»'."» > i-*,*'TF",l> '.'^>'V.i"l!'PPPiqpiB9PPPP^cLiu youreadingZWHte.BallteadIS fSOIev. fcfrom 'the had beenthegoodor411fortunetobesent,eitheras matists or naval officers, to the E^t, that IToUdoE.'.A WEBE 09 FRAYXB.The British branch of the Evangelical Alliance great Northern |iarty in the Southof in the fourth forgeryChristopher and afternoon.streets,both.bSOSS!^are ChlcMto alreadythe church corner oflOS do lOODel.. I..inCourt, Brooklyn, on behalf of the"i120H »3a.ia>"""•m' receiptswm luUy optotlw•the Brotherhood of Grace Rev. Dr. Abel Stevens willVaitrd States DUtriet Canrt. Betbra Jodgf 0«ll. uul a Jurr.36 do83mg.Prof. M. B. ViscENT, of the2000M., and8 o'clock P. M.Folitieml Prospcett in tke State.100 do.. ito do..for the wedt and sine* Jan. 1and Bedfordwill preach in the evening on the 15th.5,oaoUad.:of majorities, I wish to be a little carefulsothehim if he had anything on hisasked person43 IM)Mly. of Germanv is dead. -80 are all the persecut- that extent. 1 candidly believe, moreover, on the after he bad swdm to tiia declaration they told hi|u ICO do si , nio do.... 8C>iTheOnmibns QiaapaBT of I**TM ^"^ ^ monopoly ors, excepting 'Victob,Cavocr and Gabxbaldi. strength of reliable data, that our majority will ihey were to examine his and he said 50 Harlem Kailroad.sS 16i( 300 do buei The following was to-day'sof the to rda these veUeles, and is chartered Death is before them too. While the Church !— rightrather than fall below thefact is, there is little contest ia the State,going baggage, do he would not have it examined nil he went for a 350164M IW ^:."MUs4H(Office of the ijsiatont Tr^urerof the Ooite*hasterritory may be confiscatedtemplebeenEveryareoften some tuilf-dozen disputable Districts, for obvious ble articles, and he said No, except::a :to have the ex-00:inch of worsehasbeen;they duUa-.exceed,for local offices, particularlyestimate. The except250 do friend, and sUpped away from them, and some umc 10* doSburned.pesentnumber, This;rorisinkwOodbctto done, Butwhatthenf TheChurch(emaiiu»« KtsoBsi jetIthink(he/andestiaedtolosemore packaje,buttuttheyfoundwstcUaeis W»eof ttBaa.feSM«I.«.l«rCongress.aminationthat in the search askedUntitled DocumentShanghai,Waed,ourMinister,wasand liadeleetjfr.Bepreseothtives wUchvtttheclaimant tnnwht he was a Swiss and 100111The Navy !To the Editor <if Oit Srv-Ymi Timnoi a6i« as^lisat ISO MsasHAt thewh.cbwenoti«dl.«wcekasinZw.^^T!'.,*''^'"'"'y'""»*^"««J»«port You.^^MiaiiFHiA,•Hmraday,Oct.'2s,.l8ai>. Sipeetorifhweabtachdeasnyvrillyour editorial of to-day, entitled " terests in China." Your censureCommander IStkibiiso, who is alleged to havewayvoluntary colportage, and the ur- remain for the protection of Americans. The au- Henry? ^a^^T' m;for claimant, Mr. Evartritement in the Stock with market,gentencourage this, the Agency have made grants 10Iaw.pression mtiens from hour to hour on the leading H'^ffcaversant with it and its reputation in the East wouldcredit one word it utters, either as to a colonialoffi- iiabit-Ihe mationtifJuvenile Drlinquejittvt. Hofm ^Hafmann.,have seldom if ever heaid eonntiyao generally db-'.current estimate ofthebe induced to vote lor Lll(i'0L>, but the Republicans have neg- lected to make the vigorous campaign which iswill the Youmustrememberthatitis onethat there is not an individual for the spread of the Gospel and the in this State who is not surprised at the progressServices Ta-norrow,Tlie congregation of the- Broome-streetwhich the opposition Re- united, should t>e carriedminority, BepublicanOctober 1 Octobers OctcbM' 16_ October23r:^ ...7SS,S0S 714,741 4tl,2«8 M»^iMass., NorthBaptistChurcli,Adains,'6' 130 doreceiptsprejudice,678,682 Muv8 497,514 Mav 15 493,612 May 22 50»,697for con- eradicated in a single canvass, I care not how vaguev ig- iec-ture. We do not believe that the Pope will quit orous the effort. Iu the struggle for the extensiondiplo- hope protest against American in-wanted to aet a friend, told him If he oiTerod to go Jj-i arrested; but he outl^MS^. da.« USChickBockI..needed, and what the English and French,renews the expression of its solemn conviction that troops in abundance at their disposal, had left. to all mankind." the dealings is much less unsettled than yester-oppressed fellow-countrymenthe system of Slavery is opposed to the spirit and He no doubt thought 1,200 (for this is the number)itprecepts of our Divine religion,--and an outrage on;written points, then to make an elalmrate ormous evil is mainly in the hands of the Christian which according to the last accounts they are not. proceeded Erie^80 Galena K% R.Island f* ^n UlincMSCentral n\- Toledo SI taieh. Guaranteed 3S Mich. Central ........ .aSHper- told. The most he could do would be to anchor manners and customs—customs which they brought MiaZooris.... 1tH ItH 75!^|llichitanS... 171t 173( sonal issues in wliioh he may have become in- his off the bund and reniMn the with them from the mottier country, and which they Paciflo SIX SI >lj4|iUefa. 6aar...4S 9t!i( Siter of Chinese accidents, and before he had lieen there a fortnight be criticized for doing nothing in- stead of being at sea. This is the inevitable doom of an American officer in the East.seeking impose, promulgatehere. The counsel then quoted Dr. Farr. a London physician, who had examined the question o( the ne-33 31\» ToledoCS 68 18 BMk Island. liH ITii I* Usieiiacessitytions for the benefit of the sufferer^ from the It will be remembered that at the time referred physician merely, speaking only of the physical ef- Panama. i_B,V,nXBSK III.Cea.Bs *R<SB IStroubles in Syria Iiave issued a second appeal to to, Lonl Eloik, Baron Gbos, and the Bussian Min-is allowed to enter an omnibus ia process oi erection by Vhe different denominations, the Christian public. They state that $18,000 has ister, Gen iGNATiEFFrhad proceeded northward. Mr. Cram referred to many instances of eariy legis- demand but moderate among tlie Stock BiokRs,appealoftheroutetotheother. Thisnumberis guishedDr.^NETiNS.Nodifficultyisanticipated contributionsforthesesufferingandmiserable lectien,1never.saw,butIhavesympathywjth law,itwasmadeliabletoconfi.«catinn. Thepresent 1227,08251,agamstf169,51166,againof$57,S7»servants away from home, anti crave your law was local in^iis provisions, discriminating be-placed inside, in view of all the passengers, and the in raising the balance of the sum uamed. The thousands wiiose woes call so loudly for relief" public tween the of Nen-York and other cities of the 83. This showingOmnSras Company of Paris being a huge mono- Huntingdon Methodist Episcopal Church is about It the cause should not be presented to congrega- indulgence, if, as I have said, I utter a gentle but Slate. SucChitwyas the substance of the arffuments on Sales of land$237,380 •• 121,600 OS .K7,fle* «•estimated earnings ofwithalargenumberofshareholders,thereisscucely a trip made by attomnibus which does notcontain some one who is interested in the detectionof dishonesty .CQ the part of the conductor. Be- ments in the building wliich it nowtestimony 11.bellisides,brieflypoly,toerectanewbuilding,50feetby75, onthecor-tions by ministers before Thanksgivins Day,that is urged as aivappropiiate time to present the plea.THE OLD JOHK-S'^EKET CnVKCH.Hev. Mr. Mitchell, pastor of the Jolin-streetmost resolute protest apainst the irievous wrongof anAmericanolliceronthe coll^^ctin^modore SiniBLiKO on the statements of the Anglo- Chinese Press. |We simjily presented the account given by two China journals, and deemed it of suf- ficient importance to American interests in China, and to Commodore Stkibliko himself, to be dis-This, we trust, will be done—stated. Decision was re.^rved. Henry A. Cram for relators; Stallknecht & HaysandCash collected for lands Traffic—threeweeksner of Decker-street and Huntingdon-avennetheuf an Anglo-Chinese newsjiaper.[AVe have only to add to our correspondent's re-The are the followingcongregation of St. John's Independent Methodist Protestant Ctiurch is making extensive improve-HenryALLEQED OTER-ISgUK OK STOCK.the and Sock Island Bailioad for tlie ChicagothirdSharp-street ;Congrega-Preachers' Convention, which has just closed itssessions inPhiladelphia,re£ardingthe organizationunder his charge. This church, as is well known,was the first erected in this country hy the Metho-and Mr. Mitchkll stated that Irom the dists, being1860. Shetwell vs. Mali and Jcitett. In this case, 1859.aM. E.the Memorial (P.Church in thisaddressed the Local:occupies;(M. E.)City,;L. Clinton for defendants.marks that we never dreamt of condemning Com- AiTatra of the Parker Tela Cool {Company. week in Octoberand to be no more to make a case.defendantsforty daysuse. 81.293 79,201 72,3SB MJtTl13«,77» 133,298 173,M7 112,096 I01j«a84,7M77,726 I8«,ie6 1S6,S7» 181.914 129,696 168,946 185,433 213,831 238,463 322.136i««a. lM,Sir 33l.8i)S SStjOOi 321J§SMI.SW 28g,l3a 3M.cai I88,3W ISLdB !ie,l» 4M,4W V»jnt 3HM« 44S,74S 4ie,Ma 9t9,«r 614,964 836J93 BTT.33S 817,163France we regard his security in the Eternal City neers—a Slave State can bo ctlected by the Barney flood, convicted of forperj' in the second de- June 5397,976 542,02fl 993,474514,634 474.362 369,795 274,848 292,421 WO,eTS304.170 231,844 ia6,a» 160JW 366,763 S23,m tSM* 876,01 8M,6W 8etJ64 t*JS3»,»6»,in '88»,W833,580,675,168 524,076 675,518 827,271tttfttt4U,T«S 14tB4M ISdo not hesitate to sayby which we have made. It is too much to expect ont costs.is in theable to place him second on the listThis we certainly expect to do, and domg thiswe will have the consciousness of having perform-for thedate. It is surely enough to ask that we shall beeven ifSeptembers... «8S4».jHMLbavanui.onfter MaAad bought ihd teen biutaeai„do...: that the oflleerswereroughvrithhim,andwhenhesaidhe «•4UK2M do..IsginUSl(.8»JiM.Iafi.B.. wiFsi>AT,Oetll-P.l(. tiare had aaother day ef extreme ex-of uailyin jail for libel. As quickly as one comes the Stadt Theatre in the Bowery, and having given theturn theiratours. TheIfarfhChina.theyattention,anddhecttheurcalumniestiiedefamatory articles about Mr. Wakd's visit to rer to the complaint The grotmd of demurrer was. ment is of a steadier ttme to tlie market. That lect tlie &re, will also require the maintenance of Wales, which was lately in session at Manchester, Peking, which they were compelled to retract. In It did not state facts suficient to eoistltute a cause of frequent dis^ip<rintmeht iias followed inay, per-rangeding or descending. Tlie conductor, who is to col-Older, which should always reign in them. Laa- tema are so arranged as to illuminate not only the exterioi'where they throw a grand mass of light,The Congregational Union of England andtheshort, thehaiSuperior Court, before Justice HoiraAS,on'a demur-dangerT^naiaefarOiBma-was not favoredletter fromliim was read, and, after mature delib-eration, the followhig resolution, which was re- Hong Kong ones. Still, they are no authority forwasunconstltationalandvoUL First,becauseitwas— but also the interior of the cartiBge, and particu- ported by a special Couunittee, was unanimously anything afl'ecting the character of an American m violation of Section 6, Art 1, of the ConstUation of last week.tracts from the letter of Eev. Dr.CoBsUtaltoaaHty of the Saaday THE 8TADT THXATSE OABE.prices, andfar as tlie movement can bewenewspapers is that they are better than the port of their demurrer, were, that the, law under ing speculation for the rise, wiien the depresaiOaMr.New-Tork, to the Secretary of the Union, relative been there some time. He had seen and meas- which is not an offence in any other portion of thebestow on thethe seventhenth portion of the week as a day of Borlington 79 rest. Mr. Cram Humboldt to showest phliosopher was against tliem in tbls matter. Street were,withtwo or tiiree ezceptiaaa, pricesex-Letters lisve been received in this country from Cram alluded te certain efloris that had been made by day acceptaneea, and 6i®7 ^ cent for S94regard constitutionalitywoikmai aval themselves of the cheap part of the afford sitting room for 900 persons. The Fourth Both of these gentlemen express great gratification In your editorial I regret seeing your remark counsel contended that the subject of the observance with a good supply <tf bills and only a medersia ?'variooalinea'to dde to anMom their work mom- Presbyterian Ckingregation which has been wor- at the promptness with which the apjieal to the that '• American interests not onlyin China but iu of the Sabbath having been one of legislation demand. to and being a part of the cbmrnonia(andnightTlwcheck"afutthecondactorsis shippinginasmallbuildingonBaltimore-street, Americanpeoplehasbeenrespondedto,andurge everyforeigncountrywherewehaveanyiuterasts lawolfontgh,eland,itwasquiteclearthatthepresentlaw ThereturnsoftholUinoisCentralCampamftodtf atijquestion. Mr. Cimton contended that ttie main point Involved was, that the Germans, under onr Gon-could otisene the accord- Sabba^idictates of their individual con-Tiie$2ai,M>aa Oct, liS9.%iBja*.» I!I,M SOthe benevolent not to relax their endeavors, as the rainy season is just coming on when the sufferersat stake, has been shamefully neglected by this Administration." So far as relates to Ctuna, Iwas mane.and notvalid butand hu-thus far in October are as followssack ttat tlie^ are rarely ever guilty (tf dishonesty. has taken the preliminary steps towards removingKe parson is appointed to such a plafee except upon to the comer of Fayette and Cary streets, where will stand mtlM begfrece^mendationg, and he is then required ^ will erect an edifice ti6 by 90 feet, which will ac- and sustenance. Consul Johxson states that while to discuss a question of justice to Mr. BUr touched turain the main point at issue—the propertybut it is hardly worth l whenever a passenger eatea. The commodate about 700 persons, at a probable ex- .25,000 persons have received food Irom the Com- CHANAN before next Tuesday week. My object isOctober, 1659,Of this sum $10,000 has alreadymittee and its auxiliaries, but that now the cry is for bedding and clothing, or thousands will die ofsimplygallant officer on a distant station,still more need of shelter pressing;to ask a hearing before condemnation for aMr. Clintonreplied,urgingthat the counsel hadnotthmk this is a mistake..valid,onlyrighteous:to recover an amount paid for certain certificates of stock of thebefore Justice Alleic, the plainttfifFarker VeiirCoal that It was Company, allegingonly a portion of a fraudulent over-issue of stock made bysou^pB,S» don on 12th inst. are telegraphed* from the Qoebee: Illinois Central,81;Illinms Central;$i:,700,000.The President of tho Company, Mali, by his answer,denies all knowledge of any over-isnie. Jewett, the Vice-President, acknowledged the over-i.«sue of 127,000 shares, alleging that the Company being in want of funds, the ceruficates were issued to him and pledged for loans for the use and benefit of the Company.The oflered evidence tliat the Pres- plaintiff showinpident and other officers of the Compgnv knew of the over-issue, while at the snme timrf Mali had repre-sented the Companyasinaflourishlngconditioa. Tlia Secretary of the Company tcslhled tu the over issue of the ceriincates in suitstands thusfor $4,571 94, and the Court made an allowance of five isss.The Court adjourned sine die.Leoxakd, j.Zrfc vs. Lee.—An ironbeam and 20 feet depththe yard of Messrs. Hau.a!i, HoLLiNuawosTH & Cu., ifiOB Mich.So.8. P. Ba. 79 60 do .... 37;i (twelve weeks) arc fifteen and quarter^^^^^_^^ LAW RKPORTS.ecom.Cea.100 Canton Company.. 17X. 12 II &W.R.. 91 no Panama Railrosd 121of Flour and Grain last vreek.The Vnited SMetvs. One mud one tnmk, containing jeKclry.—onewas an actiontained nothing but clothing; thathewentw'lththeIn-250100]C')225Hud!:. KI^.K...'4 .KlO 29V» 142 35.682 213086himfair vote hftrc,^ I am well assured it cannot reach eight packages containing clothing; that he was ask- r.(iOdrew it for him, that he had..3Ji611,113,616 266,654887 $2«6,«S4Total sMrket«d...»I,m,«IIease, Thispackage,10the accumulation supposed.less thanmi^atfirstthoa^ ba;do.. (00 do. do.2no,do do .10 do1011 200 100b9 3l<(Mf-orCofn. ^4Mf. of Silk.. 446Mf. of Flax.. '6*6 MisesUan's..l,aK ili.098doV«J< 270 M. S. ft N. I. r, i.. K.B9 W lOOUil. kMiss. it. ..900 do 200Cuaib.CoalTret. mi100 doK.Bianded by vessels restricting..100 do 1 do'.... '\1»i":}'i slo I<K 166OIila..B«r.do da da do do,^^ »6«1,8»*6» 480,4*2 56 PayoMOts 61ItOIlI. Ccn. R. Scrip 72ShipmeDts16SUtcaandStock values, in Wall-atreet, asThe sales of land In To this date this monthwere..«li,nr .a37,aWW «a Airfber de- X frequent and wide floctas-caIsnhcrceoaUsectoifosnalefsor lands in Cash collected this monthIncreaseofCashFor the first ttiree weeks tiie traffic has beeatral sixes, 90, and United States of 1874, MJ, ^fesall in Sterling money, of course./^ The bid for tlwnot I|7siiSS*thefives of 1S74 in this market is to-daythe Wheat at Flour, the deUveries from croplastweekwereratherUgU, this week, the scarcity of vesse^ and hich:tlM.«1,Sm8K $4«2.70< $iJStS»i.isT.m 6SJ4 Kntered at tkeMrt. .«n4Bl,n4 $•8,176,786 $96,4i»,an.tSSB3i (6uS»,7e» Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 