 M r w a fm Jkoynmichba*, M S >nen, *» i . noblotcWno morefaWiaro*. tnaktt«Biof ***** 'Mfl. ' Wo«ra*hy.litjds/ w*i»- I*TM, aadpre- •ativoV•*• •' C«rr««yot^«noe of Napoleon I." have aptbe "^eighty majiers touching the administration of a»d'•Wy'kft to tea their tws stc^-i-from pineapplemjuxtaposition—where asimple marble jostiteintbenatij0raieetb*.irthoughtfuleye*thevareOtft***T, 1703, to March, 1798, These amount ko the e**»acr*inary iramber o f t w o thousand four £xt>i tweaty-ftve Utters, many of them ape4 terse and vigorous writing, the fruit of * mtodever *&*•}} employed, and foil of instruction and learningfirfaapraaenttime*. , _ „ J „ # .-*A private reprint of " The Bay Psahn-Boot, of .which10muchUlately .aid, is preparing * »"«*«• 0 * edition ie strictly H*ritod to «fty copies, ti$10 teefc; itieprbted from a eafletion of th» tw o copiesValeaKiag to the Library of Harvard College a nd to S w a r d Liyermore, ^ Neither tf these k com >lete,fit* mM .m$mthe longnonrs of a werkmgday iaalwaye painftti,and and persons of distmctioii. This trial was made nndVrgjetahamg the lettere—arranged in chronologic orderAmerican sspJe, a child,' a serpent, a bird's nest, and abatbytheiraniontheygappryallthepages. Th*only •shouldnothavebeenequallyexcellent,accordingtoits »«.exeeUea* •raktfwjwmrti^^ Boston,andformer]ybe- placeandpurpose,andequallysignificant. Whatmayof tbo scholar «ti t h e flUyuiis fc s*gg**tive a f«xr the'9r €otx*c-raa>4 »«u. a a * . o* *' the first« a a " caaaed ong the " ro- lls themod re»*ews aad *rep^od*oedFarthema- wwtive inser-Caarah.^ j b t ereerge^C<x»*«'» theory of Gen. Lee's conductxsdf abaraeter fail* t o meet with mcdversal acceptancs,jgnJgetbeexpeeted, indeed, from toe novel viefw ofjhe sabjeet which ha has found it his doty to present.with pictured repcrowded togetheror sequence, andfilled, with painMotive engines of a moderate or even of a small back leaky, would find it unnecessary with, a Caloric invited were too important to be-dieappointed; and ces above are filled, or are '/> be power phi y a very important part in the economy of engine on board. An engine of this description on the there w a s no time to make any different arrangement s in fresco of celebrated battles. human Hfe. The frightful horrors of the slave-trade, the ship Wild Pigeon excited BO much attention by the in the machinery. ' - ,',* i4K»*bmd, aad fr no*'** hie library at the Old Southentrance at the east end, while what is not is the more manifest by the^amentable contrast which is thus afford- ed. But the architect has failed to learn from the mar- ble waim coring here how effective it might be else- where, and how. much nnre appropriate a marble bal-sentations of the arms of all ages a heterogeneous mass without order,!^money.;. , _/. •; ;;';.";;,,;.. r| .,-c, .' ... r:^ ,; it as hia opInion that four-fifths of the vessels that put witness the experiment had been given; the persene ryfcer* is a general feeling that " more light" ia rs- ustrade would be on any stairway of imnortanlce.jajwd en thia charge against him, and the " bright side When the four grand ascents to tbe galleries of the two 4 tie shield" will soon bo presented by a Souihern houses aro furnished with pictures and ecu'pturesfor**tran anther, who is true to the faith an£ inspiration their now vacant spaces, as undoubtedly they event-OneoftheseisthifightatLexington. ABritishoffi- scarcely1«PBfrightfulhorrorsoftbetrafiicinCoolies,- workitperformedinportatCaldeia.inChili,asto. Insuchaaemergencyitwasdeterminedtotry.itcer on a micshapen Indian pony, which is meant for a uayVthe haggard features and jaded' limbs that, in our lead to several orders for enginea, to pump and hoist forthwith. A good fire was made m the engine, andg hie earner years.—The "Life--of Ary SchefTer," the distinguishedytister, by Mrs. Grote, wife of the historian, has just appeared from Mr. Murray's publishing house, and is receivedwithgreatfavor.Itistoefirstworkissued js the'name of the authoress, though it is well knownisintheactofdpdjbog.Oneburlyfellowishidfrom abl«,safe,andoconomicalmotor,adequatetothoworknothing' behind a i • ip.ling about the size of his own leg, of &\tingle slave, or cooly, or overtasked white manwhile the-British 1 loops in the ^background have their or white wom&n, would do more to mitixrate the sufferguns leveled, andfetrein the act ofdischarging a volley 4ngand diminish the 'drudgery: of mankihd than any ciate the engine with the eourage to buy one.tions, whisk ftaihearcontributionstoperiodicalLiteraturehare manyyeaw. jkeenmanyanddistinguished. ScbefTer'sLife!wasincredible quantity of paint, and left, in innocent white, vastareasofharmlessplaster. Whiteplasterinacon- ditionofviolenteruptionofstuccoisnotbeautiful;butSince then Ericsson's engine has been applied in Cubatomanypurposes. ThedistinguishedDr.Tor- rado, of Trinidad, led the way by purchas- ing four engines, two of 24-inch cylinder, whieh he hi now applying to an aqueduct of his own eonstroction,arch and rip* »et ti&at of a common artist. T o the a congest a stretch of almost interminable wall, and a long vietaens ia their etffvietieas be added a steadfsstnees of character rare asiosg persona possessing the artist's temperament so rrsonalHyefi ^^mei-.elyaehaold.Thesequalitiesmadehimthen o f thought im adherent of the exiled Orleans family, as they had dtion* which preserved hisindependence during hisintimate]con- >ocupied Caas nection wi-h &em in prosperity. H e was the chosenacarcely bo teacher of the whole fkmilv, and the close friend of>f typograph- the gifted Princees Marie, and by his advice it was shenanoeeof the first attempted modelling. By a singular chance Scaefferaocuraoy and; was on duty as a National Guard at the - Tuileries appended topious aad ex- when Louis Philippe abdicated the throne,, and the ance and bad tarte. There is great beauty undoubtedly to the whele first complete .account of his escape—in whica the in the designs from Pompeii, in those from the Loggiaartist bore animportantpart—isgivenfrooa bisown bpain these memoirs. The works of Scheffer have had1ainting at Pompt|i,Herculaneum,tho imperial p»*Lac-.sandbathsof6dRome. As'.houseofthisroomisfor the Committee on Naval Affairs, the ceiling) hasbeen painted in fre so after the manner of the anoienrs.Ti e principal fi^ur >s representing tho Greek goddessesof tbe eea [the reader will find the.name of each writ-ten under them], t± e bmaller ones tho Naides, Nereides,Syreos, and Tritoni| as described in tbe .poetic mythol-ogy of ancient Greece. Tbe iiguree on the walls a)aoillustrate the purpc me of this room, each bearing an appropriateemblem, eitlerof thesea orofmodern nav-deservingthomostearnf>Bt and serious investigation;buttbeproo:''isaccumulated,of a naturethatcompelsBr J. Herschel, M. de Remusat, Jules Simon, and stay others are given as promoters of the scheme, de- aJsgitssueceesiatheinterestsof science.- A collection of the Letters of Mendelsshonthe com- I pear, is in progress edited by H«rr Droysen the hi^to- »a, and the oemmunication of longinedited matarialscoacmonneeform<ilcrndecora|ions,yetia moatofihe tbetimethatMr.JohnB.Hitchinglaidthefoundation palaces of £0rope 1 epeoioien of the manner is thought of Bis preeent extensive traffic, by advertising to fur-whereitdrivesmachinesformattingoffrough boards, splitting up and squaring off stuff, gig-sawing and grooving, and planing with a tide-jointer. In the Fall-of 1859, Mr. E. B. Phillips purchased one of theh has lately Jat&ied '*Tbe Mind and the Brain; or, Correlationsthought* of our people, is evident at a glance. Exam- ined separately, and bit by bit, there are many designs of beautiful tint, and graceful form, and here and there an American bird or flower suggest* that somebody- while painting had some glimmering of an idea, loit, however, in the next moment, perhaps, in some my- thological emblem from ancient Greek art, without meaning to him or anybody else. But any admiraUon which the curious and painstaking observer may feel for the minute detail* and separate parts when takenby themselves, is swallowed up in regTet that they are to out of place, are so mixed up with each other, as to destroy their eeeential character, and, being upon plas- ter on a bare and unprotected wall, so exposed as t > be certainly, in no long-time, mutilated and defaced; and when he turns from theee-details to look at the whole,it does that a Ben) al tiger should be chained in tbe borer, required no more time or attention than a com- paint-mills of Allen Lucas & Son at New-Bedford, and of the steam engine—one of which in Cuba Is the una-andiarced »t way of ilia" ef the ;he negleot- lly studiedRotunda or an alii ;ator from tbe hanks of the Nile be kept in that remarl able basin behind it. We have no objection to heatiin gods and goddessts, to Naiade1, Nereides, SyrenB, £ id Tritons, "all standing naked in " the.open air," in their proper places; but it would t e more in keeping wi,th the euppoat-d spirit of ouriustlr tutionp, more in accordance with the dictates of cooi-mon coal stove, and burned but comparatively littleitix General Law* of Life and Consciousne«H, withixij applications to Philosophy, Natural History, Iftjsiology, and the Practice of Medicine." In it the sacor mtends to develop mental laws as.thej re-the printing-preeses of Khowles, Anthony 6c Co. at Providence.engine put up about a year since to supply the locomo- gaged aboutvfifteenmonths in the manufacture of these advanced, and this size of engine being muoh larger tives at the South Groton Station, on thesame railroad. engines. Besides engines for domestic and Rail- than any before built—(the Largest till then beingI «hs of a universal laws of design, so as to place re ArtpiB- tie-correlations of the physical and vital forcesedasafirst » Mill oa J to thePnotieaary o as to be i t h ipeoial era, ia a a -ingly used, if used lit all, in adorning the rooms to toonly 3 2 inches diometes)—it w a s impossible t o have it finished in season to take in this year's crop. When Messrs. Anguera and MarDnez became aware of this fact, being determined atony rate to try the Calorie engine, they ordered the largest engines that could be procured with a miH of a corresponding size, to be sentengines employed . is exhibited on the Now-YorkCentral Railroad, on the line- of- which there are n o w delphia, who employs it in his comb manufactory to Delemater Iron Works of this city, a twin caloric en-Borne twenty of these engine a in daily use. Mr. Chaun- drive three buffs of J28 inch diameter at a epeed of 700 gine of 32 inches diameter, woieh was used for driving cey Vibbard, the Superintendent of that road, reports, revolutions a lulnute, a grindstone a lathe, and a drill. a trip-hammer, a fan-blower, several Lathes, and other over hia official signature, after several months' expe- Mr. Nelson J. Wemmer of Philadelphia abio employB machinery. Mr. Delemater was reluctantly prevailedthe real d aadaea- that ae» agaiast tsueoripte. 1of apor- ame whambronze doors of Rogers are to he hnng, opens upc n mental mural painting, but it is strikingly out of Keeping their boneee of entei ainroent Of every character, were Ericsson's enginea, most of them of 24-lnch, but threel^de vehUblue, the wails of which are of scaglioL i, in long pa««ages like these, lighted only at tne e x - ornamen** d by mm;,l painting. T o the artist of t i s or four of 12 and 18-inch cylinders. One of the moat erful for alT their pumping purposes.d that the the oppo-Mecaoaed nfillidto magaaiao ndent re~Hiatorisal •ens, are: cale. XL and ItalyXV. Pre- iabjects?ia ding fr**- xal, bei>ge h o o d VLX9 itreeseeoa xat whiok ooapletioa citngs of scbotaatio tbus'fisst lon.sia hae DescarteaT >rnt*t4y}, ffromtb*very properly be' iatroduced in some 01 tbese basement passages and chambers. But it is a signal mistakeno doubt, that man) of these deaigne were painted an!Qoctioeis€fi^perhuendent,whorunsoffinsteadinto-annfl- fl«x of plaster,,or hardens occasionally'lot^ The balustrades of the lower stairs are of this exiaL; with little beauty and no appropriatenesscircumstance. Oppositetiisisanothsr,beiriogthe Biitiehtimber-treci theirrearingandsabaequentwan Mlited|y tnbea;tpeach olivebranch; the next carries the faces upon his Mgnuftut. He»ayi bat plantingtimberin profitible, mechanip^ atta^ig/^^^i^^l^^^StB^^italof^rway;^o^o.^^ same^maaneraeia*hesteam^ea$dnei Whenatrest,#-Mtitoi?^^ :|^|^|s^^^^lBi^irfc^ ihexe^^prewure'kept:ap}w1^Uhe,calorieengine,Hf wholly new aspect. It is the result of thirty 4"'ja»' study and experience,' and is to be eseenti ally aetkal in its object. It will form two volunea,f awn 8vo., with illustrations.B —No Pxench publisher couldProm April, 1859, to Aprhy 18C0, this engine pumped road pumping, and for printing, they have set up men sense and common decency, if they were very spar- 11,600,0u0 gallons of water, at an expense- to the com- engines in the warehouses of the Pennsylvania Rail-venturesperial Urgiaie on an unmutilated version of " Hhm-forinstance,the Irelationbetweenl.lHt's Correspondence."f bi, proceeds from Geneva.Frenchedition,T h eI -Tne Hi-«orical Society proposes to print, by sbb-jr* repeated it elaowhere, or, that baviog seen it, he1f^ ^ have been thereafter capable of gomg fromnfed as the moders t nee sign-boards, engravings, ani laneous : purpoeea induced Mr. Kitohing to make or- den, the Aft07iblaaet, the leading journal of Stockholm, >wall paper, some, ill public baths, andsome in houses rangementa with the long established engineering of tne 15th of March, transfers toils: columns THEunderstyle* withnuCtctarea, ; eipiion, the proceedings at the Irving Commemdra- he ia lost in bewilderment and possibly disgust. The?ss, m the highest typographical style. The prce, I ikkb will not be small, will be limited by the cost of rodaction. It will oe at once a monument of Irvingas the art through which he was great. %f 7©*r?, and I -Meena Carlton 6c Porter are about to publish with great. ITSe Life of Jacob Gruber," the eccentric preacher of»visedof the edi-ukespeafe-healterna-•overed with some wonderful chintz, reminding him of the drying-rooms of a manufactory of calico or mous- teline de luine, and recalling the wonderful crookerywhich w e fail toI penetrate. W e honestly confess that this, careerin . circle of a web-footed: cehtair bearing off this beintifulmaiden—the maiden how iu-rience with a number of these engines, that they per- forman "incredible" amountof labor"forthesmall quantity of fuel consumed." : One of them, he says, forone of their 24-inch engines, by which, at an expense of 2^cents an hour,he runs1two lathee,onerouting machine at 5,000 revolutions a minute, three 8-inch cuwaat 2,500, and one M-inch saw at 2,000 revolu- tions. Messrs. Jones 6c White of Philadelphia have employed a double 24-inch engine of the Morris manu- facture for upward of six months, to run three mills and three mortars for grinding quartz, spar, and color- ing materials used in the manufacture of porcelain teeth, one rolling-mill, four small lathes and one grind- stone; and report that they are perfectly satisfied withupon to let this engine go, but Capt. Ericsson declined to allow it to be sent to Cuba, for the purpose of grind- ing sugar-cane, until it was thoroughly tested here, tcuh live, same kind of work. When Messrs. Anguera 6c Martinez were apprieed of this, they sent immedi- ately a considerable quantity of sugarcane; mean- while, the only mill that could be procured in this city was one with rollers 26 inches long by 16 inches diam- eter. This was geared to the engine at Mr. Delema- ter's works, and the actual experiment with the cane was made in the same place, in the presence of many persons on the 11th of January last, with the most com- plete success. T h e engines were immediately token down and sent,—the rapidity of tiie operationa and the facility with which the caloric engioe is set up being such that the cane was shipped oa. board of the steamer Quaker City in Havana on tbe 5th of Janu- ary, brought to this city, "the trial made, the engines and the mill taken down, packed and shipped on thesame steamer, taken to Havana, there transported fromthesteamertoasailing.schooner,takentothe port of Marie), and there landed and transported by land and over very rou^b. roads to the plantation, anjd there set up, both mill and engine; the whole having been completed, and the engine and mill work- ing satUfactorily on the 5tJ*cf Febrmvy, jost one monthfromthetimetheesseforthetrialwassnipped at Havana.The success of the engine was perfect. The old mill was driven by twelve oxen, which were ch&aged ovptj two hours. For this work there ^ere one hundred eaten set?apart, o f which number many died every year of exhaustion and fatigue, and tbe resttor, of the> re's Chemi-t h e there-the second stories a n d distributing i tThey have also, furnished a singleinch engine to . Mr. Henry Carlisle of Phila- to them immediately. There Was at that time at tbe§J»Baltimore Conference. Tne work ontains a full fswent of his indictment by the Grand Jury of Frttd'' ; County, Maryland, and his trial on the charge jof;g aa insurrection among the 1lares by bis memo- which designing can be used. But of one thing he islanguishing contety ooent, upon hie back—thta^ w e cop- an expense of eleven cents a day, does the work of five few, bafH»8 us ItP iaffl<i8 u», w e mean, a s to its rela- men, who received $125 a month. Other embrace havetion to ships,.and ock-yardfl, to guns and powd«r, been erected on several other railroads for pumping tohosest Jock Tan and etout eld commodores, while purposes with the same favorable result. -N .sermon at camp meeting in I8I8. H e was de-persuaded—that if in all this work he comes upon any- thing which is appr ?priate, it ia there by the aheerest accident; that anything he may find jaet and proper In itaelf, is in the wrong place; that, with some few ex- ception*, there ia nothing which ehohld be there at all; and thatithe a:tist having a given area of wall a n i ceil-sgrity thaavriawhich 'W<^byRogerB.Taney,presentChiefJudtieejofwe do not pretend to so much youthful innocence as to The second application of the caloric engineNwas to *beincapablepfcat*Singfromitanothermeaning.' Bi« thedriving of printingprecseB. Tbefirsttrialofthe iteoperation. • '.•[••• ' -,r»r gives a tnder. .H e loutvaria- o>Yioaaly the exact oonataatiy e rendered f of grap- be chargesMepreme Court of the United Stamen, the, defense keg one of the most thoroughly Anti-Slavery argu- 1ats «ver made.we n ay be permiti ed to douht whether the tbemea )fthese frescoes have dn infloence the most suggest!ve ;ov honorable members )f the harddetails of tho navul so: :-engine for thia purpose was made in the office of The Hertford Times—tbe first tiiat w a s entirely BueceBsful waa made in the office of T. W. Strong, No. 98 NassauA few months since, Messrs. W m . Kidd 6c Co. of Rochester, an establishment extensively and favorably known for its. manufacture1 of ateam-eogineB. and of all articles of iron required for the use of railroads, had their attention drawn to the calorie pumping-ehginee for locomotives at railroad stations, and were so much stiuck by their singular adaptation for this purpose that they applied to Copt. Ericsson for a license to build them. Theycommencedimmediatelyuponthe18-inch engine, which is the size most generally called for by the railroad stations, and which is abundantly pow-ART INWASHINGTON. ming to cover, with a given quantity of designs, hasgiven tbem in vain and unmeaning repetitions with asmuch conscience and as much feeling only as he would ne knew how, and failing 60 do better became of his., [ 9ocona Article. Jl*LLS A2fD COMMiTTEE-libOMS O F TilU^CAPITOL.in the office of Messrs. French & Wheat, No. 18 Ann street, and the third in tbe office of Mr. C. C. Shel-& the east end' of the C»pitol is an entrance atposthng paneled in maole, and supported by n< *SMttblecolumns. Theeffectis simpleand gran **Use wonder is, with one such instance beforetremities, paesagfs evidently carrying a heavy super- structure. Wheretielightwouldadmitofit,theheavy cornices and massive work in stucco, so lavishly iniro- duced in the CbambejB of the Senate and the House,room i. was(enough that the deaiguu came from thofe cit^s,and heproba>lyfelt that he could notgo far wiong if be intrbd teed water-gods and gods of tbje winds, aqu«tic birdi, and sea monsters, and anythin rrecent testimonials to its value is from the proprietor of But, rapid as has been the progress of the new motorThe Savannah Evening Escpre*87 who stares toat he in the United States, it has advanced with equally regards it as the moat perfect and economical motive rapid strides both in Sweden and in Cuba; a fact thatHf:< .P1 ^ege to ] assage and from room to room with pallet to use, where Boch architectual aids would be ap-of a character so qu wtionable that it would be a soar dal upon the virtue I f our members of Congress to sup pose that th««y wer*| iware of their existence in any ag 9 of the world, and wo lob, w e are bound to,believe, hav sbouee of Messrs.- Clute Brothers of Schenectady, whichhave" resulted in tho almost exclusive appropriation oftheirfoundery;to the manufacture of Ericsson'sen-gine. A s they were the earliest in the field, they the caloric engine ia making . the buay land which the Inventor These 12 oxen required four negroes to drive them,* penal covering walls and ceilings wiih decorations \l*tery and gilded stucco or plaster, as manifestly 'rtoper in a Capitol as in a Cathedral, destitute of dig-wantrng m harmony, and remarkable especiallypropriate, this light and fanciful decoration even if it were not so barren of all American fooling.Nor do w e find any-batter reason for being plea»ed when w e turn from the halls and ansecbamoers to the Committee-roomr, where an attempt is made to jjlluo-TRIBUNE'S article on the Ericsson engine of the 11th of February and adds:t$* absence of all American feeling and Americtui•ght. F/om this stately entrance on the eastern. trate the subjects to the consideration of which tneeeoperation, and being under contract to supply Mr. Kitchin^with.10 enginea, from 8 to 24-inch cylinder, everywjeek. . ^ •-, -: •',•:. '• • /-.-..'•.'.Sometime IntheSummer of 1858-a licenseWM h-eued'to Mr. Joel Nourse, of the well-known agri-BnccVrsful solution o f hia life'* problem, and about nine month* •inoe the fir»t of tbe perfuotod enginea waa herje eahioited T h e great tutorsat it-hai *.xcited, and the uawweui iaq«We« whtoh are daily r<«cetvftd, show cl««*rlythat theindention hew, aa in A meiica. w u wiahed for. and that it is deeUoed to -apply » want longfelt».».••• --. ••••T"' .'•,•1' •. 1 •'.•-'1*»e Into rooma and passages hot with color, aad with the pictorial art of thousands of y«*«s ;ne looks in vain for wood or marble, or anyv[more enduring or solid than these plaster walls, terumhie at the touch. In the interior of such a ** the Capitol, wood and marble «houid both have »s^ largely* Especially shoold there have beeutti lor passage not waioscoted, at IeMt three or fourall, they offered an opportunity to the imagination ofthe artist; though it is still a question whether roomsfor the meetings of. committers on business suould beof design—unless there be some hidden meaning in the• • ',{•• .XL ' * i••••"•-'grave and revesrettjtiid gentlemen, to whom are reff>rred J• M':• hiin bronze. These stairways are broad and massive, of and dignified treatment, should be adorned like a lane tfBricnt anxiliary or rival of the steam-engine. And of the operator fully fifty per centsmall calorie engine, only 18 inches in diameter.When everything was up and m, good order, the M-graduat and easy ascent, flanked with stately coin nns, to be wainscottd, when finished, with marble, and light- ed from above. Entrances so spacious and imposing would redeem' much that is trivial and meretricious, if there ywere any good reaxon why the whole buildingfog-hall, while it is finished, with doors and wiojdow frsmt-s and shutte js of painted pine.But as here th4Epurpose of illustration was missed,;in other places vt ere it was rightly apprehended the bad jbeenj accomplished of any practical importance till ship, handling the anchors, Betting up rigging, and, for long experience in working cotton gins, seeing the result is nobet J The Military Committee-i00m, Ericssonjproducs-dtheCaloricEngine,inthbparticular many other purposeH now requiring manual labor. wholeapparatus,declaredt>atthottfct«l&inshengm* penuriousagainiipine,likealltherest,isextravagant formandwiththepeculiardeviceswhich"distinguish Aftertheusevofoneeftheseenginesonboardofthe eonMnotdothework,sinceaginofsnehaifaere- inpaint. Fromfl rtocenter-piece,withnopp>tecw'itftcmalltheenginesactuatedbyheat,thathave shipUnderwriterforseveralmonths,Capt.Roberts. quiredatleastfromseventoeighthorsepowertoSchillerofOenaa* jmlfI^ pr.The****Prince,theannalistofNew- beismademanifestinthesenoblestaircases,andthefine ingwainseot,it wewithcolor. Pilastersarefilled beenbuiltatsuchanenormoussxpenaeoftimeand reportsthatitiaamoney-savingmachine,andgives1 workit. Herewasadilemma. Theinvitationstoof arches dotted all over with figures in distemper, painted apparently with no higher design than to cover somuchspace,atBOmuchaday,referringtothelife, the religion, the mode of thought of a people deadthou- sands'ofyearsago,withoutmeaningtoalmostanymor- tal eye that will ever look upon them here, are worse than not beautiful—they are absurd. There is an area of an acre, more or let», of this sort of work in the Cap- itol, which, aa long as it shall remain,.!* a monument ofus,Non entering the r room, the following deficriprion of its dr.corations:" DESCRIPTION C P TMK NAVAL COMMITTKE KO<>M.irrigation. ThepressesoftheGovernmentprinting- office a t Havana are moved by two 24-inch caloric- engines,displocmgasteam-enginewhich fcrrmeriydid the work; and in the large military hospital of the"The general dtiign of the Caoitol being of Crreek and Koroan origii j and of the Coririthian order and misplaced and Uvish expenditure, of national ignor- proportion,^re de|pritU>n. of thin room is principallyaugmented, and what an importance in human affairs such a machine assumes I 'ginea; and at the beginning of the lost Winter they work in that immense establishment. In the Irishad standing on their floor more than twenty engines printing-office, another 24-inch caloric-engine is doingSwan, pictured h<:re in a-variety of attitudes tudea, aridthe American Nn-vjvwhother in a practical1, ajs'.hegc,or passional sennet The American eaglo, wetrnit, 1B a bird of aiioth sr feather, and not given to su jh erratic and erotidj courses. But perhaps we are dull. Under these delineations of pasfeional a',tr«c-long vieta of wa 1 stretching out before h:s eyes seems tion there may Q) a hidden, and subtle ineauijiginto bins. twouty-four1 the visitor goes at once from the cool atmosphere rooma are devuted. If thee* were to be so treated at—The present wafj ar-works of Paris have b*en erectl ed at a cost of three] millions of dollarB, and are capable of furnn.bing thirty illions of gallons daily. It is now -propoacd to constru an aqueduct from the Somme1hi COOTS, window-sashes, and ahuoersof painted In a pnbhe building of any importance, where 'is constant friction from'a crowd of people! is a peculiar appropriateness in wainscoting^simple and appropriate treatment, and ascends to the empyrean on multitudinous curves, and in an ocean of blue. Above the cornice are four paiotbgs in freaco, wbichweare to take for granted are emolema ic ofIt has always been a favoritb idea wUh Capt.EricBBon|that by the introduction of. hia engine bfforQBto materially.diminish human drudgery, W;henlt v^as, enggtiete^to;him,therefore,that it,might beadvan?-: n^w ia^pi^reM tageoubl^appliiid to sewing-machineB, he.devotod'Wmtselfwith igrput interest to the subjoct, a n i soon^deyiaed;the old mill required full two weeks.* special fitness in such use of native, hard /rmcontaeainated by" paint, in an edifice like But, strange to say, there is not, except [ph*, a single specimen of such woods to boThe figures in these are Cherubs or Cupids,^ermland, is pa^r^c^^EejkilRtuna, the Sheffield o f S weden,. is also mentionedJofctice.as the spectator pleases—Cupidw, it is to be prweamed, as cue of themhaa the bow and arrows of the little god, and as Cupid is.a favorite of the artist of the Capi--tnatpre- ll*'1 anywhere, i t never seems to have occurred to tol, and is reproduced everywhere uuder every possible •ir. John Blebk arh has jfiat publjubed a book on ^rM^^^^^'^K^j^ frbm-Whiob^^ifl^trani-1in a amall furnace placed in the interior of the mu*thine. ^e[fpr^ :of/^FhiA m- * •shotlder, and opposite him ia a fourth, dwpbtyiog aecioli with the moito, E Pluribus Unum. As the j will yield j£3?,500 >r.tb.of timber.';'-y^^j^f^^^^M in the ; Palace ' at Havana,, ia the j presence. of1Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069*g3S&3£2f;cyvyyi0l)t^.)*...y-Myto>..--^«. www.fultonhistory.comdevoted to tho business of legislation.We cannot ses,Leda and t i e L and taepany for fuel and oil of $25j and for an "engineer," road Company at Parkersburg and the Bird-in-IIandpalace visited by Robinson Crusoe in hin travels in d'gn»nt and defiant j her taper fingers twined in desf e- 96-100 pf'a cent per hour, doeB the work formerly done China. Xor does the supposition seem irrational that rate deepau: in his hick curls, and now sinking, with by four men, at an expense cf $25 each per month. the National Capitol ia to be turned into a museum of blushing cheeks an : swimming eyes, iuvlaaciiviousand Another of the same size, at the Savannah station, at tbe pictorial art of all ages and all peoples, for tne ben-efit of designers in every possible art or manufacture inpaint the blank surface of a dead-wall' wi h a singleis,f 001 Pompeii ant Herculaneum. The luxurious p*>- the adoptitn of the engine in numerous job-officee in i^s choose to enter. A spacious door-way, in whi< h anywhere it would be in upper chambers a? mere orna- 1 heir public places, heir private hpusee, their bath 3, than forty daily papers in the United States printed bycolor. Nor is this the only o^jectibn to the reproductionnda. Itia |*ich,werertpossihlotogetinatit,onewomdil- ofGrecianandRomanartofthis'characttr. Ifproper pieoftho«eCIUBHiluetrutedeverythingbytbeart)1; everypartofthocountry.|Thorearenownoless\iT1• 'J •f'M ,11 rS!lfT •W-tfA I f 3UMMmuNEW-YOiltX BAJXY TRTBTJUE, SATURDAY, JWY 5ZJ6m*•*•:*'-<&»•*&\t •'£1i i i fhorse)firesapistol overthehead ofasoldier,a crowd grpfttcitiesmoreespecially,speaksodistinctlyofover-of his companions 1 landing about, like countrymen at a' wrougbt human labor, and cry out BO emphatically fox tuikey-ehooting, t< j see if he is hit. A drummevboy roliefr-ttH these demonstrate that a compact, manage-offset for the appointment o f this Art Commission. I thasputastoptomuchmischief,savedawasteofan atnobooyinparti<inlar.Thewholethingia.faIseia^h<rconcervahlelnylention Afteralltheenormous Intheifirstsevenmonthsoftheirmanufactureually will be by the Art Commusion, there will be noth- ing wanting to their completeness and beauty.rFor Mr. Buchanan's many sins let him have largeattheminesinthatvicinity. •', in half an hour'stimethepersonhavingchargeofitsaw, to his great surprise and delight, that it tamed theWe have already alluded to the engine put in oper- gin in the most beantifui manner. Of cowee the cot- ationbyMeeera.Nourse6cCarylatGrotonin1859. tonwasfedtothesawswiththealmosteare;hatwhen, the x ext morning, the experiment was repeated in the presence of tbe Captain.General and other in- vited persons, it was a most euccesefol one, and elknted theadmirationofallprescat,color, false in 001 < option, false in treatment, an i has >acct mulati<ma of steam-power, water-power, wind- of these engines, Messrs. Nourse cc Caryl sold but tennothingAmericanaboutitexceptcockedhats.The ,pover,andhorse-power,andtheirvast/achievements, ofthem. Duringthat'period,theywerevisitedbyotherfinishedpicireisthedeathofsomebody—we' bylowmbchthelargeramountofpowerexercisedin thousandsofpersons,manyofwhomdeclaredthem-forget who,noris it ofthelsast theworldiJtheaggregatedresult ofgndividual force selvesinwontofjusteuchapowerasthecaloricenginemayaswellbeon*personasanother-r-whoiscan>fally appliedtothethousandsoflittlethingsthatOccupythe wouldgivethem.Buttheyfailedtobuy—somebecausestripped for surgical examination before he is borne human family in the daily routine of living 1 Combine they were fearful of being "humbugged;" others, and the others of 18-inch diameter for *he purposes of fromthefieldofbattle.-Liketheother,ibis,asawork**>tbcaeforcesj,andwhatastupendouswholetheyex- becausetbeyweredissuadedbythead-vaeeandinflu-of art, (amply detectable. - hibit! Male an available motor that shall be of one- ence of interested parlies; others, through a want of ThepoliteSecretiryoftheNavalCommitteehanded manpower,andWhata resultis obtained! Make a confidenceintheirownjudgment.vice. However, ny barm was meant;,.thie; like fi.Q, street, in this ci y. Tbe next engine built was set uptbe.re0t.is only a lunoer, the aitist doing as well iiapoverty(of inventic 11 and culture. All this desoraticn ley, ajob-printer in Barclay st. The result has beenl|*Ww appropriate such ah apartment may be made,w to these Jftasy man with ordinary feeling for art should hot and designed to convey the idea of weightabove, might and everything that related to river and sea. ignorau , The increasing demand for the enginea for miscel- operate as well in Warm weather iwm cold* In Swe-no existence inIW^jington.. 'hflo yeli-ctert for hia «ph«re of , rtivlty.1 X»et u«; now take a gUnce have constructed, many more engines than shy attheprogr^stofthe1r»v*ntidainbia!nativeoouDbrv. jItu now other house,; having' now nearly 200 in acttial about a tear lince w e first heard of Capt. Brioaaon's laat »»dand three or four others were Constantly employed tak- ingcareof therest,anddriving thechangesfromthe pasture ground to the. ntilV and vice yersa? and yoking themforthework.' ' The rollers of|themillwere36 inches long and 24 in diameter, and with the greatest exertiontheox-millcould onlytarnout12ocilersor•* '•'; - •••'. s i3 rmmwMOTOR. foot and leg of the operator, the action of which during j Captam^Qeneral Concha, and titer high fimctkmarietf r»TItJBsomeeighty-sixyeanrinoeMr.BouItoD,atthe m«omeoaseaTnBtq>DOTtable;Theoperatorkthusena- verycuriousetreumstancea. Theenginewas,ipthe great stcam^ngine works ofSoho,made neeoftho Wed^tpdevoteherexclusiveiattention to the material charge of a person whounderstood Uule about it.balustradewouldhavebeenappropriateandhandsome. supposed,we pr*iume,to cateh inspiration andare-The main stairways above, two at each end of the newed sense of 1} sponeibility and duty from *he sight meniOTabie expression to Boswell, "Isellhoro, Sir, B>\e is employed upon, and the-guidance of her needle, Desirone of showing it to the- beet advantage, he de- •iof these foui1 wing »d, andjolly, and »oey babieB. '3ow *• " whut all the world deetrefl to havo-^FbwiR." The much all this xroBtimse saayhave cost we do not kao v , mechanical world has bees occupied from that time toCspitol,leasing to the galleries of tife two LegislativeChambers, are, on the other hand, the noblest featuresof the interior of the building. One of them is of white nor do we think it u point of muoh consequence. But tbe present with this problem of power, and mechani-Carrara marble, the other three of the beantifui colored it ia a striking instance of the general mi»»ppropriatk)|x cal ingenuity has tasked and exhausted itself withmarble of Tennessee with the capitals of the columns of money, thatarjoom, which required only a noople efforts to construct a machine that should prove an There ie no doubt that itincreasea the effective force ported to the palace, and canted it be geared to a single'k is mqst extrabrdiaapy that, SKrtwitiistanding the amount of inventive genius and science that has been expanded in^tWrBpecnti, field of labor, literally nothingo ft h eso that she acoompliehea in a given time a much largertermined to apply fc to a cotton gin—cotton plantingand gmning being then m high favor in the island. soine forty machines in the extensive clothingestab- Not being aware of the power necessary for snch >amount of work. The new| motor has been applied toEsbment of Messrs. Carhart & Payan fax this city. work, he ordered a Urge gin of 72 saws to be trans-.•/Still more important i s t h eengine on board of large, ships, where it is used forpumping, loading and discharging cargo, warping was to be made, aa did American engineer, who hadIt was about eight weeks from the time that engine w a s started before these gentleman found another cus- tomer, who united the discernment requisite to appre-;motpi perfectly safe, .easily kept in order, requiring nowater, and consuming but little fuel, of the power of a During this long period of popular distrust, Messrs. 1 some city, the Government has also adopted Ericsson'ssingle horse to what an extent the aggregate result is Nourse 6c Caryl continued to manufacture the en- engine for driving a large nuuigle that is constantly atrI•l"i 1finished and ready for market. They say in a letterIf BriesBon's jCaloric Engine, then, claimed to be not intended for publication] but from which w e have the work that formerly required several strong ne-it tended as a Bpeoiiien of tbe decorative pamtingjuaedin that era, *» roui p in the remaifhsMif tbe old freaoo notbh>g but Bueh a motor, it would be a subject well been permitted to make an extract:groes. There are other engines employed ia mincing tobacco,hoisting,drivingcornmillsandwood*working machines, pumping water, etc;; but by far the mostof Raphael, orthe Baths of Titus,in all&>manart,Ire to those of " Morality." This mode of announce-*y City,, are, jseat (novel in these days) is adopted to afford an esti-- have plain pla+ter under the directioo of the artist ia always regarded l;r the intelligent critic and amateur iron works cf his friend 6Ir. Cornelius H. Delemater, poliehing machine, and^o miH for fulling goat-skins. others of great magnitude. The Island being destitutea portrait as?presents asand the ancient art of Greece; but their aggregation or so arge a circulation in this country by means 0: . en- tegregation.in the corridors and chambers of the Capi- tol of this Republic, without design and without method, mixed up.here and there with tropioal Flora, or American ornithology, or English, or French, or Swiee scenery, or scenery from no mortal knows w h i l e , with the American eagle snuffing incense from a Greek al'ar , o r the Amcricari shield re»tba< upon a Greek tripod, or a Cupid or a Nymph dancing upon nothingandwavingthestar-spangledbanner,is,just Biology;"twoto"ThePrinciplesofSociolo^jr;"|andasundoubtedly,absurdlyoutofplace.Betterhavethe"Since thenwe have kept oar men corurUntlyatworkon* caloric cnginci, and to, day our ordera are in exoe** of o-ar abilitybe ascribed;biktereet ad-1 gravisgs, that a reprint of his life would seem a surebelief and defies contradicti^, which demonstrates to Hopply. Our macmne (hop, which la exclWvelj derated to important application 'hat has been made in that island .Dftae. Sf. ,-ii. I2ae.'9fv. SootMy- T«Ljpecoktion, and will no doubt be undertaken.—Mr. Herbert Spencer, known as the author of " Social Statics" and other works o f a high character, has issued a prospectus o f " A Complete Systeni o f Philosophy/' to appear in quarterly parts, divaded tana: two parts to bo devoted to an exposition ofthe existence in this engine of a power entirely safil- cirhtforall butaveryfewofthethousandusesfor which power is required.It w not material to our purpose to indulge in any retrospective review of EriceBon'a labors. Itia weM known that thiagrand inventionhas occupied thirtythem, IB«xlOOfeet; thiaiaIndependentofoar forge ihopand sheet iron »hop. W e have 100m enough, tocl* etoagh and'can procnr*menftoonghtoput»>pantnglne e»eryd«yandweb«- Iie>e w e *ball ere Jong be called upon t o do *o, certainly w e •ball if our trade costtsaea to incxea»n for a few wttekt aa it has the paat three. Got stUea now for a aiairte, month are la ger-than they w«ra during the firm wiven. But the abpre i« not all thai w e find encouraging in.ihe bn*iDWw. ' ^ e have tbe »atUf*otlon of kaow- inpr, that ever? oalbiic engine that w e have sold girei entire and cjmplcte gatiafaction to the pnrahaaer."of the caloric engine is to the grinding of sugar cane on the plantations.The introduction of sueh a motor was one of the prime necessities of Cuba. Tne old o x mills were ut- terly insufficient for the large modern sugar estates j and besides, theirlabor was very exhausting and costly.MWMlKdftlM.diseoTeriaii nKpicuous or r»t OTT&dkiaaste of the probable demand, and. so lessen the chance whitewash, who, if he has no othe? merit, is, at least, of the45near'8i:B 1 precious relic of the 'taste df the from whom Capt. Ericsson has received the material Another engine of the same size they set up in the of coal beds, wood is used to supply the great eon- sfpscuniary loss. The nam*e of Mr. Mill, Mr. Grote, cleanly. Yet this is the sort of thing which the Italinn mastere of ah' iqui j r, aud although the style is nolin aid that has enabled him to perfect his invention,, at cabinet manufactory of Mr. S: A. F&rker at Reading, sumption of fuel required hy the steam-engrne, the oon-"KmPrinciples;"twovolumesto"TnePrincipljBsofareintendedtobe:tiledwithplotureBofthenavallat- ginesofthelargestsize,anduncountedexperimental Nourse6cCarylhavebeenquitemiscellaneous.Toeir juiceofthocanewasbutimper/octiyexpressed,theticeoftheUnitedStates.Also,inthesixcircleson enginesofsmallerpower.Twoorthreeenginesof'Becondsalewasofa24-inchenginetoMr.Anhbcl bestportbeingthrownawaywiththebagmsse..Theplain plaster with the stucco.eruptions than this; betterthepDaeterB in l e v relief),'the portraite of the n.oat sixty and seventy-inch cylinders were standing in theWaite of CharleBtown, who uses it to drive a morocco- steam engine obviated these difficulties, but it created!igation. The blaoi ispaces lef in tbe arch of the wall years of his life, djuring which he has built many en-TheapplicationBof the enginee made by MeBers. It required a great number of men and oxen, and the 'dietinguiahed nava commanders. This style haa beendecorator, or the- archirecs or the superintendent, orwhoever else is responsible, has given in wearisomerepetition, interspersed with gilding, or set off withpainting in fresco, till the eyes become dazzled with theconfosed conglomeration of color, and the mind'weariedwith the vain attempt to detect some meaning and de- . This, of course, makes the best of it, and pos&iUy Kitcbitjg ir the banking house of Messrs. Duncan, factory at Natick, and he ia eattofied that it ia the most tity necessary for feeding the steam-boilers. On someordaofI!W VKmiitscompletionisrequestedbyhisbrother,Paul sign. Theintention, we.believe, wastocoverthe rendersanyfurtherdescriptionsupererogatory. luoneSherman6cCo/,forthepurposeofeupptyingthe.upper economicalpowt-rhecanemploy.Asimilarenginervas plantationsthecostofwaterforthepurposeamountsto storicBjoftiatfinejedificewith'water. Itssuccessled Betupin thecurrier'sshop ofMr.U.R.Williamsat thousands of dollars annually. The expense for en-Iadelssohn, a leading banker at Berlin. walls and ceilings of all the rooms aod passages with or two points, how ever, w e beg leave to differ with this ciitic. We dot cot recognize it as a necessary con-—The Libiary and Geographical collections of this style of decoration, but fortunately it has been ar- sequence that this ceiling should be painted " after t i e tni Potter, of B»rli», are now oh sale. It is one of, rested by the appointment of the Art Commission. Its " manner of the ancients," because, " (as), the use ofh most costly and numerous collections ever formed effect is seen in the passages below t i e Senate Cham- jy a prirate individual in Europe, devoted to the ber, where very little, if any, decoration was! needed, hatch of Geographical and Ethnological literature. or w a s acmifsible, except it were something whichI Ehe number of volumes Is nineteen thousand, exclusive.oonniaeemr 11a*ps. EffortaaremakingtopreservethecoUeodon oftheplace. Itiadifficultto describe toonewhohasianMarblea InaeiWotsitspiecemealdispersion,andcatalogues notsrenitthecharacterwhichthisptintinggivesto, Carietiaft %syheobtainedoftheBerlinbookseller*. 1, theselongand half-lighted halls. That itis inappro-ndol Seciety ;o;uii of the St. Mariarge chreme- totbe mem- afiectedly of the greatto the introduction «f the engine into olher banks, andinto stores and private dwellings, where it ia no w ex- machine at tbe same time with perfect ease. They from some foreign country.should serve merely to lighten the dimness and gloomG. Howe's Asylum at South Boston to drive a fan for pur-"beauty."AsthjfeCapitolisnomoreamuseumof three-inchironpipe,5Q&feetinlength,toahightofti;forpickinghairatBeverly;andforglass-cattingat ofmind.Desirousefdoingawaywitatheoldox-miHbeau'.ythanitisofwildbeasts—»wemeanfour-footed-- about21feet, andis thenforced upabout20feetover Sandwich. OtherengineaputupbyMessrs.Nourse6c in the ingenio "La Sierra," a beauti'ul sugarnecepgary to tbe o<4npletion of a mu»eum of bbauty; so that Raphael and c! her old m sters of thefifteenthcan- toil have employe: it in the decoration of the Vatican, in Borne, and oihei palaces in Italy."nish engines of cdxyoight, and twelve-inch cylinders for pumping purposes and small mechanical usee. Thesequenoe o f whieh has been that in less than twenty/ years immense forests of the finest kinds of timber have been completely destroyed. Besides, on account of the great scarcity of water in many parts of the • Island, it is enormously expensive to procure the quan-firut engine sold for a specific use was put up by Mr, siime power, to drive the machinery in hia shoe-manu-tensively m ed. The first engine applied to pumping have also furnished efigbea to tho. proprietor of The water at a railroad .station was erected at Waltbam, Maine Farmer at Augusta; for a bakery at Wilming-"the room is for tl; e Committee on Naval Affairs;" nordo w e acknowledf e that this manner of decoration isappropriate .to halsof legislation in this country ba- on the Pitchburgh Railroad, in Massachusetts. This ton; for a bookbinder'o shop at Providence: for Dr. S. cauee"inmostofthepalacesofEuropeaspecimen;is engine;waaputijaoperationinOctober,1858.TheThe advantages to be derived from the applicationof Ericsson's engine to the grinding of sugar canes werefirst appreciated by Messrs. Angoera and Martinea,wealthy merchants and planters a t Havana, persona '*thoughtneceeeoryto thecompletionofamuseum<i&wateratthisstationisdrawnfromtheriverthrougha posesofventilation;forcotton-ginningatCorpusChris- endowedwith enlargedviews andaprogressiveturn•s" existenee.it I —a work of the first importance, in Mental Science priate to the place in which it is put, that it has not the its completion no 1 lore requires that its rooms should the top of the tank. After! eight months one the Su- Caryl are in operation at Thomas Wikins'e Iace-maau- plantation situate near the port of Mariel, and tgelico, Peru- isrjBoanced hy Dr. Laycock, the well-known Profes- most distant relation to our country, or our time, or our bepainttd afterthe mannerofPompeii,orHercub>- perintendentreportedthatitbad provedperfectlyeuq- tBClvry u(>l>orolit)Bter, iaah« oaohandhfindfaotoryof at tb* onme time tmwilling to sufier the ruin- ?.,), engraved Iwr of Medictte at the University of Elinburgh. It is institutions, is foreign to the sentiments and the neum, or ihe impei jal palaces and baths of Rome, thaa ctBsfyul; that it was readily worked by an ordinary' 1st- the ^esHrsi^Faft at Fitxwilltam, and are driving the ous wasting, and many dangers and inconvenincee.'1fuel. This engine w a s one of 18-inch nished b1y Mr. John B . Kitohing.cylinder,fur-voidable necessity of an engineer—they determined totry the Caloric Engine. Accordingly they ordered theconstruction of a twin engine of 48-inch diameter, with We hjave seen an official statement in relation to an Monia 6c Co. of Philadelphia. They have been en- a mill of corresponding size; bat tbe season being far$25: and baa not cost one cent for alteration or re--••I'•• '1••'"'pairs..A result more important in view of the number ofStations, SOTelevating grain from the collar to!power ev«r applied. .; i> must set at rest the objection that the engine does notgo ornaUly and elaborately pait.tec that they necessa- Sonde at a point b ween Epernay and Chaions-eup- cultural-implement house -of Boston, and Mr. liar advantagea of ^ ^ S f f i j ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ f wi^aJgreat quantity ofjuice in ft: When the Caloriemrily become {object* for public exhibition, rather than places devoted to affairs. Bnt even granting that such, treantebt is proper, it i« in theee u-perttaenrs u lameni- ab e failure- The least obj»»ctiouable of them ail is that for the Judiciary. The walls are in plain panel work,tjsed very sparingly, and wood hardly at all, ex* bookcases; but in tbe ceiling the artist abandons this The new aqueduct V|ill have sufficient head of water chmery, ppplied to Capt. Ericsson for a license.•• ApreortUv «p«a*sTo« «iiialf^r*p^tp,ttw •^s^derire*: Engine and its mill' were set op, all thoee m«?a - - and oxen were dispensedwith,and more'workwasI ia hight, with on» or the other of the«e material^)«samatteroftasteandfvrprotection. Yet mar-- probably because itis intended to cover lhem wtch hightobereached ytte preaent supplies ofwater.^mottjg'jtoe**. 'nndotbw»aroriw»^^iP8W«a>.»;, ;;.,;:;;;?|.'.:;;•;;,. ...while the cine* waa «o thoroughly preefced that it ren- dered 30 per cent more sugar than by the ox-mQl • and >Slixin**, a distance nearly 124 mi'ea.—Thi«, with tb<» rwce.bpary rwervipiraj will coat nearly nine millions* qi' lollari; it will filrn| b ahout twenty milliomirof galloac jwr day, and the re* rvoirs will contain tw'o-andrA*aall'A. H . Caryl of gofith Groton, Massachusetts; and,underthfii^^^auspice*,theMaseachusettaCalorio.EngineCompaiay^enteredupontiiomahnfactureof thoengtaesat South [Groton. Toward the d c ^ of 1858, MewrB. I .P. Morris &^<^i of-Phtiaderphia, the oldest eBtabltsh-ment in tjhat city engaged in the manufacture of xna- -•; iTbe yiitoea 'BACB to which' the•• eiigtiifB. already;' de- 1h*bag4$$e in tw o days of exposure to the sun was) 'days' Bupply. Lav< Jf portions of the city are now tooto. reach tbe bigbeBti; lats of the highest portions of thePointing, s o ^ - w a ^ masbingr t o w t o g ^ | | j p i ^'"J-j^V.ci*y eerily.ed, a^an expense «}:'eight milliona of dollars. T w o iuamen»elinealeew<j•»are.tobebailtalong theSeine; into tbttQ the eewe»n from tbe city wiilempty, and thedraitajge will thnaibfi curried off into tho country, which aihtwill preserve tbe pu: ity of the river.Aodi idiial Bowerage id also to be providW e have left onraelyea but little room!',*o^%**k Wt the oonBtruction of tbe engine itself. It is enough for in ourpreeent puipofce tosaythatitspower^piodaeed by common atmospheric air bebg^inteodttced into theengine^ and then expanded by meansof heat generated"AU thia from THKN.V.IBVWH of the greatprogreM wW ehwere in very poor condition at the end of the crop,,applicationSalem, where it drives a leather-splitting and finishuig gineers is also great, as they all have to be importedW e have mentioned I the house of Messrs. I . P .Our Swedish cotemporary tbenenumirates the pecu- pans of juice in a day, the bagaste leaving tho raifl point of view, and proceeds:«n1»BlS.;riMbM»fij£»»^^m e X J & d ^ e ^ t t w b ^ ^done in tbe tame -time, reaching to 15 pans of juice;'liv*red;^av^ r^en;applied/.are:'tbW' steied,' mehiksi to-: ready for the fire of the trains, while drying tiN of^mpngtid appli^ •',";>'.'*.*.ao<!teeeafTj|[i • ^ | p l a h is tp^ empld^tiie erig^^p^bijp^i It also appoara that two establishment in Denmark The'heateaiadejqpaaded air acts op°a » P^«w«» byIn Great #riiuin ij!'ry acres plhnted with oak-trecB graduates its speed at the will of the o$wto>i. ThJij- mehtuwith the caloric engine ia Cuba was made Mdtito pooreriedeveJ<it^^ «t each •aeceaeive atreka^^^.A.:iV...',y;;-^>..:.y.Mv :rv--^y- ;*-.yv.•..-•-•' ' • ••' '" '• ••%g«Sl«fvi..•'.'.•.'".(''! M5)/'''A>?^'V-'anangement dispensea entirelyUntitled Documentgji^iBfaagsNiwmmHfvtoAi&HfteveniDjr previous to tbe morning on- which the trialIf^  