 ruktjik*m***-rM*w*mmaj»»* rmmmflnnw **fJf/- w* ***** dawttugasjSatof-doy, «u rfcrm f idw*y**rpT h e nativity table givts 248 natives of the^•r. ••jiii'iiatii.'i jii»"1)r t' ^''1VEW YORK HERALD.JAM. mm0O1OOI «K»«8Tt, EHTOB AMDrSOHUDOB.cmci*. w.coavsa or ITXTOK AVOKASSAO no. ,*A,_«A~~ Mo**-*** wOlltrtsVtapHulatios table gives 3 deaths of diseases of the booes,Joints,Ac.,61ofthebrain andnerves, f Of thegenerative organs, 12 of the h»art sad bloodvessels,114oftbeimage,throat.Ac.3of old age,38of diseases of tte akin sad eruptive fevers, 10premature births,7$ of dkusjai, of the stomach,bowelsandother digestveorgans,49of general fevers, 1 unknown, s a d 30 from violentLAST DtarATom rsoM n s ISHOLTT I Tsr* V ow on Nkoao SCTT»AOE TODATV— WoRLD—VerymuchIsthedimstisfactJonof To-dsythecitizensoftheStateofHewYork hundreds of distinguished shades who desired | will be ceiled on to determine at the ballotMUNICIPAL REVOLUTION—While re •nluttot Is goingonattheWorthandatthe&TMth,•**' threatens to lay the Union Id ashes, .there U anotherrevolutiongoingoniathecitysa*N*w York,bywhichTammany Hall, that motfta* * harlots and sink of abominations, will be ovar" thrown,and tile democracy ofthedtywillbeTimSurxx« GKW'IFWI WewmWuonht hasbeeassartodastowhspfontiA*ofelsdli a Supreme Court Judge at this time. Theques- tiendeservesattention,andHssolawnaisaybefound aesaewhat difficult Inawsensiag foran elective judiciary, it was neoHsar>taat themm*****We*** •a (A*WmiT F"i i FAMZLTJOrOTXCaimkmif—fit rmtmtmmi£ nswttiios,mtheofseveral other insurrectionists, white and black. They allhoped that the Union would bedis solved, a n d declared that, if Lincoln should b eelected, they had n o t suffered in vain. saidthathehopedtohearofseveral insurrec- tions in the cotton States between this time sad the1stof January.Patrick Henry was quite certsin that New»<»ABm . OCT HA*«SUKr-T»WALLACE'S Flam.O l U «-Tu OSA*ruan ASTew SoSmo©a* *TFutUBnaomTHUEYSXTKO.LACSA .FaroeAn turns—OmrmnmumBOWERTTHEATRE,nswerv Jon. U>txa»—Lorraar DOMUuKocampaign, remaios—this one day far action—thisoneday,fromtherisingtothesettingsua,fortheverdictoftheAmericanpeopleuponthe momentous iisues before them; s a d this o n espeech in the Virginia House of Burgesses. in thecity ofNew York. Already the waiters also; but be sure youvote early yourself.be In conformity with the number of such judgesintheresidueoftheStateinproportiontoitspopulation."NIBLO'S SALOON, Broadway —HOOUT A Cisritix's MUMTBSUurBnuoru*Boasa,krauwoaa,DAJICSS,Aa- LoTKt £mavisas.CASTSRBURTHTJSIOHALL.MBBroadway.—Sosos, DAHCM; BVRISMVSS, Ac.UpontheStateofNewYork,batchieflyuponthecityofNewYork,thecsase oftheUnion sodtheconstitution depends. Bat this thing left foruswss a military despotism, and isnetthefirsttimeinwhichtheissueofthe suggestedthathisnephewshould"protect"uslic mind, in regard to the inevitable tendency of black republican doctrines, that it deserves all tbeprominence it can receive.nitelycombinedinsregularseries0*muta- tions,sadwhenevertheLegislaturethoughtfit to supply NewYork with sa additional judge, thefirstandallsuccessiveelectionsofsuch.X•w York, T«id*r, BortiMAILS FwK IU«0PI.•--^^-^--^-^iiii-fci^^N/*^***^6,1860.batde hasbeen thrown upon this metropolis with a little grapeehot andcanniater. Lafayette In1844themajorityforMr.Polkinthiscity saidhehad notbeen so much excitedA * Guard M l steamahlp Asia, Gapt. Loti, will loan •Alt port to morrow, for Uvsrposi.la* sttimjsmi Bath will tioat la tall atty to-morrow moraingataquarUrbeforetaa•'otock.H » W J — Mwmmmwmwmwiamwm\+* psbiubsa atuot»oto*l«ia«morwiaf. nm«lsassies,lawrappers,Win ewasUm t a t mtwi rSMtvsi i y mall and lamfrapa a twasthepluralitybywhichhewaselected. It westhevoteofthiscitylathatelectionwhich garsusTexas,NewMexico,Utahsad Califor- nia, sad those golden harvests of California which, in ten years, have changed theface of this island from that of astruggling provincial town ot shabby brick houses to sa imperial cityofbrown stone aadmarble palaces,the wonderandadmirationoftheworld.Mr.Clay wass statesman, andass statesman he stood in 1844 as the Presidential candidate opposed to the annexation of Texas, notbe- causetheinstitutionofsiaveryexistedInTexas, bat because, In theprojected annexation, he apprehended a disastrous war. T h e leaders a n d tbe bulk of the whig party of tbe North, however, supported Mr. Clay because of their hostility to the annexation of Texas as a slave State. But the annexation issue, intheface of ewer sadin spite o f t h e general anti-slavery movement against it, prevailed, and the State and city of NewYork, endthewholecountry, havebeen most richly rewarded in thegolden results.On s grander scale, sad in s more critical shape, the conservative people of New York have theseme issue before them to-day. The policy decreed with Lincoin aelection willbe—He hoped andbelieved that the people of the United States would be true to the principles to maintain which their Revolutionary forefa- thersfought andbled. Hisfriends, Generals Gates,Knox,Lee,Lincolnsadsgreatnumber of colonels in tbe Army of Independence joined in this wish; Hancock, Adams, Otis, Klbridge Gerry sad other patriots oftbe Boston teaparty epoch seat messages similar tothe above.After this there was a moment or twoofSecretary of State to give the proper notice. though it was contrary to the rules, he mightThe resolutions were found where they ought ride inside. The darkey took advantage not to be, in theExecutive mansion; andnow of tbe kind offer, and, ensconcing himself intherewith perfectly.The fifth judge wss added by the set of 1852—Laws of that year, page 691, section 8. The first election under thatactwssheldia November, 1852, when there wasno regularjudicial election. T h e n e w judge's term com- menced on tile 1st of January, 1853. N o other regular judicial term commenced at that time. Henceallthedifficulty.Tbe oase of Judge Daviee against Judge Cowles did not necessarily draw attention to this point Neither of the parties was laterBBsMI\I*J*SS^SBWHLAigC•sawsIWVT•W^SBWw#^w^smap sswssm ^T.*^vSiwwjsmwsthe more conservative menof their party intheenthusiasm of the Presidential election. Thedesign istogainsomeninsthousandvotes, Inordertoturn thebalanceof powerand makethe State permanently black republican. Thatthe republicans have greater antipathy to thefloor. The conductor, observing this display of in- dependent nastinees, remonstrated, when ebony boldlytoldhimthathehadasmuchright there asanybodyelse,anddidn'twantanyofhisim- pudence. The conductor, having no power under tbe circumstances to put his obnoxious cus- tomer out ef thecar, contented himself with aTtoa News.L«t every repoblicaa before h e deposits bis rotebreathless silence.great spiritwssapproaching,andshewssim- pressed with a feeling o f the most profound v e -for Lincoln in the ballot box t^day torntooar telegraphic despat&es in this morning's paper, and read theintelligence wepublish from Sooth Caro- lina, Alabama, Virginia and other Southern States.By the arrival of the Adriatic at this port yester- day,andthePersiaoffCapeRaceonSundayeven- ing,wehaveEuropeanadvicestothe28thult.,one weeklaterthantheaccountspreviously received. Thenewsisinteresting.Whether it occurred toIn the Liverpool markets cotton and breadstuff* werequietbatsteady.We have advices from Paraguay to September b a t they contain n o important newt. Every- thing was quiet and the country prospering. TheAndforwhatreason? ForthesimplereasonthatintheSouth,wherelaw,andorderandthe thepurposesofcommerceandamusement will to-day,1,peaceandsafetyofsociety,lifeandproperty,be interrupted. Yourinterestshang uponaroaACOLN.—An Incident occurred on the Fourth AvenueRailroaddaringtheprevalenceofthe storm o f Saturday last, s o appropriate to t h e present crisis, and so illustrative of the truths• •••Sidfliat.WITHW i n .Brownwith the fair daughters of tbe Anglo Saxon, Strelits guard; Saltan Mahmoud his Janissa-CelticsodTeutonicraceswillsoonbetheir ries, andMehemetAlltheMamelukes,when Convention,itwassuggested thattherapidly'IBAAJTOIT* AMERICA* MBEB0H. BwaAwaT.-Dar a»dBi—*»s ffiuumi Twin, l i r u t OvEusmss, Aa—Jours State, o f a l l parties, creeds s a d classes, e r e AJ>DHa b m u . ~The republican leaders have been for yearscourting thenegro vote byholding outthepro*mise of giving the franchise to ail the coloredbredren of every hue, from whitey brown toebony. Bat,ontheotherhand,theyfearedthelossofwhitevoterswhodonotliketheprac-tice of amalgamation, and abhor the idea ofhavingthebloodoftheiroffspringtaintedandcorrupted by mixture with that of the African, oppressed sonof Ham*' stepped upon oneof judges should have been held atageneral elec- afterthemannerofthemiserableCentralAme- thecars,and,asisthecustom,tookhisplaceon tion ofjudgeswithatermofeightyears,to ricanandSojtihAmericanrepublics. Accord- thefrontplatform. Sofarasshelterwascon- commence onthe1stofJanuary following* inglytherepublicanleadersconcealedthereso- cerned,however,hemightaswellhavebeen Thiswouldhavemadeeverysnobeccentric !utionstopotthenegrosuffragequestionto tile intheopenair,and the conductor, seeinghis combinewiththesystemintowhichItwsspro-BUTARTS'MINSTRELS, BoBusMn. Sosa*. DAJKM,Aa—H»a,4TJ Rroadway.— Dr.ceiled upon to devote to the rescue of the Union and the constitution.we have endeavored to impress upon the pab- number of judges—admitted of being indefi-The royal conference at Warsaw terminatedSuddenlyonthe'.'6thult.,onaccount,asreported,•f the serious illness ofthe mother of the Emperorof Russia. Nothing positive had transpired as to "No more slave States, no more slave Territo-the subject under deliberation.Prom Italy we learn that the royalists hadevacuated Capua, which had been entered by the Oaribaldians. The report of the repulse of theKing's troops b y the Sardinians is confirmed. people of Naples had decided unanimously at the ballotboxinfavorofannexationtoSardinia.In addition to the withdrawal of the Russian Ambassador from Turin,theLegations of Prussia, Bpain and Portugal were preparing to depart.ries, and t h e reconstruction o f every depart- ment of the federal government into an engine for the suffocation of slavery in the slave States." This is the pacific view of Lincoln's election; but there is s darker side to the picture. Against this terribly despotic programme, so[ defiantly proclaimed b y the republican party, from Maine to California, w e have abundant warnings that at least a portion of tile South will make a stern and revolutionary resistance—What an element for bribery and corruptionwillbeintroducedinto oarelectionsinfutureif the black population are allowed to vote in-discriminately in this State. Their votes will the Southern trade will b e built here. Lines of be bold to the highest bidder by some darkeydodgerorwhiteniggerwhomayacquire influ-ence over them. But thequestion is,will anyT h eThe Emperor o f Austria h a d issued a manifestogranting extraordinary concessions to the Hun- that, with the fact of Lincoln's election ascer-men, will animate tbefriends of the Union in decent white man to-day vote himself downthe great struggle of today. So, forward, to the level of the negro race? Vote against commerce of the country. Lincoln's election Union men,forward to thepolls. Vote early Lincoln and negro suffrage. Vote early, and wfll most certainly break up every commercialgarian people. AtLondononthe27thconsolswerequotedatcall your neighbor to vote early also; b u t b e sure y o u vote early yourself.824 a 92J for both money and account. securities were dull.Americancauses.United States, 10 o f England, 99 o f Ireland, 3 9 o f Germany, lofScotland, saddiebalance of various foreign countries.have beenmediums.who again appeajs to hisfellow countrymen to keep step s a d march to the music of the Union. A most eloquent outburst of the Massachusetts»^^jy^Lgy?^git mn*rflneui m«d<mgradesaffStateand wbetsra.seip- Brown, who came, the medium said, ia atoth it htctmia Qrfyw•'"JfiHtf<mri<JUla(,lUhmtilift w*«**"^rkSTrSi/r BXIZUTZTaa aaUaa aaarkat wm * m yesterday, wbUe amsa werequite limited MdoouAoed t»afew hundred safes at uachangedprices, rjcurwasirmer andmereactive,aad oratorwascutshortbytheappearanceofJohnt°%LV*fZ*Taheeket » j the tsoriasK rates sf Jfitjsa.•Owlvrt mi*1awTBwIrtClOemBaajss*s*af*-Iew*»•naawaw Wamme mixed aad ytflaw. W it wasSi qaest, with sales of sew mess at |1»a»l« s i x . a^iaw were lamt,aadatmosphere with a brimstone. Brown w a sstrong smell accompanied b y0 s p assessr*at $14 36to about9SSfehds.atnaeaaagsd prtawlihmJesof S,<WbaisRtoatl*o. KTM mMsssssjtheeaaseessasS|werewheat,mbalkand base,toUvsreoelatlad.a1*X*-,•*«•»»»tSs. »X«. -1 •_•_ sfisetwasasssmad,laisnY.stMs. sadSoarput down before the democracy is placed on aand they calculate that African amalgamation right basis. AaPeter theGreat massacred his "at thenext general election ofjudges."The argument is exhausted. Tbeesseisclosedonallsides. ThetimefordeliberationYork would doher whole duty, as lathe oldrevolutionary times. Hesaidthat thepresent groesoftheFivePointslongforthedaywhen theUnion ticket againstLincoln,andvotewith ss might from time to time beauthorizedbydaytheCODservatives ofNew York, citysadIn the original plan the numbers—two for the times of election, four for the number of judges ineachdistrict,eight fortheterms, eight for the districts and thirty-two for the wholeMI^W YORKjWERMIk&mm&kTr EOrV^I860.piag breads wtr- Srmer, aad advaaeei ai awns essesfrom fire to t*-o cents per barrel. Wheat wasams S r m aadquitaactive,battheupwardtoadeseyh»»»»*•wjdiflashesofchainlightning,andimpermeatedhasbecomeanuisance, offensivetopublicmo- beso classed that after thefirstelectionone rality, andought to be abated. By organized should go oat.of office every second year. Thai bandsofshoulder-bittersshehatpractically a"generalelect'onofjudges,"occurringevery deprived thedemocracy ofthe freedom of elec- alternate year, be^me necessary in contradis-arealldependentupontheinstitutionofslave-Custom House receipts at Asuncionforthe month ry,therecsn.beneitherlaw,nororder,norpeace, Country. Destroy themotives and necessities democracy of this city. The antecedentsof July show a difference of 1109,411 in favor of nor safety, with an administration at Washing- for travel, andoarprincely hotels will be on- of these candidates are such as to renderdiedinSanPauloonthe18thofSeptember,inthe sixty-fourth year of his age. Exchange on Lon- don was quoted at 27d., ninety days'sight; draftson London at 27d. a 27jd. There was not muchworking finely. Withanothermonth,orevenanother week for canvassing, a Union victorywould be made manifest before the election. Everett headquarters; on conservative citizens Bat still, with only this oneshort November driven into the Everett House; on N ew Yorklaborers. This isthepolicy ofsuicidefor Northern industry. Y o u must help to stop itdoing in coffee.files of Haytien papers to the 13th ult. have day remaining for action, thecity may redeem firemen attacked in their engine house, and on tion to the general rule that guides the mana-FREQUENTERSglory of your summer resorts will have de-parted if the friendly relations between theNorth and South are disturbed, as they cer-tainly will be in the event of Lincoln's elec- trade you follow been more flourishing than in tion. No more Southern gold will pour into New York. Countless millions have been ex- tbe coffers ofthelandlords. Nomore rich pendedamongyoufortiielasttenyearsinthe prizes in the shape of young m en from the erection of costly mansions and magnificent plantations, or belles with the dark eyes and stores. Why ? Because the city and the nation raven hair o f t h e sunny South, will make New- were rich a n d prosperous through their com- port and Saratoga resplendent and attractive, merce. If Lincoln is elected, and theUnion di- and w e at the North will become so straighten- vided into sections and torn with hostile interests, ed by tbe disruption of trade and commerce the tide of commerce will be stopped. Finan- that We will notbe able to afford to go to a cial disaster will shot) up stores, make mer- watering place at all. Seriously, this interest chants bankrupt depreciate property, andre- as well asevery other will suffer by the suc- duce millionaires to poverty. What then be- cess of Lincola and the abolitionists. Remem- comes of your trade? Remember this, and ber this, and vote against himtoday. Donot when youread these lines hasten to the pollsbeenreceived,battheyare unusuallydestituteof theState,andtheStatemaysavetheUnion. numerous other occasions, Weare told that gersofjthatrottenconcern.Itappears,however,news. The priests all over Eayti were preaching the observance of the Sabbath, and the people Appeared disposed to follow their precepts. T h e country wee quiet, and the government occupied Withpurelylocalaffairs.A meeting of merchant! end others in favor of the republican ticket was held yesterday afternoon In front of the Merchants' Exchange, in Wall street It was not very imposing in numbers, there not being more than three thousand persons pre- sent. T h e H o n . James Gallatin prodded, e n d speeches were madebyhim,byMr.8.B.Chitten-Fellow citizens, to your duty! Vote early. they are to-day going to challenge systematical-den end b y Mr. Wm. Curtis Noyes. be found elsewhere.A report willt To ARTISTES OF TOT .THEATRE, OPERA HOUSE AND CONCERT HALLS,—The election today yesterday oneofits labored editorials, with the is a matter of the first importance to yon.Call upon your neighbor to vote early; bat, at allhazards,leteveryfriendof theUnionasit is,andof theconstitutionas itIs,whoisenti- tledtovote, makesureworkofitforhimself, sad vote early.JUDGE BCSSSL AKD THS PORTTAMCAL AND BLACKLEG ORGAN.—The Puritan and black-that the Tammanyites, conscious of the feelingly every freeman st the polls, in order to pre-ventNewYorkcityfromcastingthegreat vols aratification meeting IntheOldWigwam,butBUILDERS!—In no city in the world has theand vote against Lincoln. Take the Unionorgano f thiscity,whichh a smay vote early also; b u t b e sore that y o u vols early yourselves.Let, therefore, every person w h o wishes a n m qualified t o discharge t h e duties o f thai office elected vote for Brennan, and vote early.EICJHTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.—The repub- licans in this district are boasting of inroads upon Isaac C Delaplaine's vote b y virtue of bargains that are being made on the countylegparading a cutof a press, and publishing in its columns as news what every newsboy hat had at his tongue's sadforyean, had in its issueOn Saturday morning last, between four sni fireO'clock, fire was discovered issuing from the exten- straight coat arguments of all the blacklegs of Should black republicanism triumph, the estab-sive cooperage establishment of Messrs. Sleight A the city against Judge Russel. These gentle-lishments to which y o n are attached will b e ruined. Gentlemen whoarenotlegalvoters may influence a friend ia favor of the UnionPwddmg, on the Whale dock, foot of Duchess ave-nue, Poughkeepaie.men, failing to meet with success in Philadel-When the firemen arrived onThey are willing to trade off any ofphia, have come sad squatted down in thisILVTSJ?' fl*Ble• •**"**•"c* headway city,sad,withoutbeingabletogoback inoar ticket Actressesandsingersmayforonceuse thatalleffortstosavethebuildingswereofnoavail historybattwoorthree months,have made a their sweet voices in thegoodcause,andseeticket you will find in another column along CIUNLER GOING TO WITHDRAW—The oppo- withyou,andput itinthe ballotbox. Makeand their exertions were confined to keeping thebitter attack upon o n e o f t h e most fearless judges of the city. Were tbe editors of this Puritan blackleg organ able to look back throughthelastfourorfiveyearsthey wouldthat their husbands o r brothers give this o n e dsy to theUnion. Getup at sunrise. See that glorious orb, if the weather permits; but voto early.TOT ONSHORSE DoDos—The opponents of John Cochrane, In the Sixth Congressional dis- Wot, it seems, have been driven to a desperate plight, and have posted up a placardof a horseInthedtotrict,aadaretryingto connect Mrj feehraa. with the pablic store coatrect labor, as if to fasten upon him an attempt to injure the laborer. This only .hows theirnents to the republicans in every Congressional district in this city, excepting the Sixth, have bow united upon one candidate, thereby in- taring an anti-republican delegation. Mr. J.W.Chanler, theTammanynominee, isyetall your neighbors do tb9 same, and, above all binge, vote early.flames frombooses end buildings. The wind was Wowing •rait* freshly at the time, and it wasfeared that the flames would spread to the adjoining buildings.spreadingt ot h eadjoiningstore-«wi,ff seaatlawaaaBwJsBlawhWOsfthuSssSsdShjset toe that Abraham D. Mussel had done moreSIXTH CONGRESMOXAL DISTRICT.—Democratic votersoftbeSixthdistrict,doyoawishtobe ONS WORD TO THE LADIES.—The splendid in the field, with an apparent attempt to throw represented bys Seward republican in the next weatherofyesterday.broughtoutalltheladies, thedistrictintothe'hands ofthe republicans; Congress? Ifnot,voteto-dayforJobs Coch- and made Broadway a magnificent panorama but as it is apparent that he cannot poll but a rane, the only person who stands the leastfirewassverylargeone,illuminatingtheheavens and making thecity aslightas day. The buildings, with their contents, were entirely destroyed. T h e entire less on buildings, machinery, took, stock, Ac-, Is variously estimated St from $10,000 to $12,000. Therewesbut s psajbi insurance aeon«^**gjHW*mm ofshundredthou- totheworkmen.Thesewereen-"*a'J TM*andfindingnootherwaytospendtirely destroyed, many of which were worth $100itthebuildingswerefiftycheatsof j*2|thechildisnowhorn whowillseethe grassgrowinginBroadway?Thinkofthesethings,Conkling'smanagersassertedyesterdaythatmatrons andmaidens of New York. See that the only person that hefeared wasJohn Coch- dwindle down to nothing. No more wealthywere300deathsinthiscityduringthepastweek, i n mcreese o f 6 s s compered with the mortality bf the week previous, and 6 less than occurred-- citizenuptothepollsto-daysadvoteforD. Rasssl for Recorder, astheonly jagg. ^AsGOESNEWYORKCrrvSoGOBSTOTSTATE;As GOBS THE EXPIRE STATS SO GOES THE hoped that thesupporters of the Union ticket suffer by thesuccess ofabolitionism. You havedaring thecorresponding week last yesr.The re-qualifiedfor that office.toestablishorderin ourdtythanallthePuri-tan preacherscombined. Itis notto bewondered at, how-s a dPuritanblacklegorgansl e r ,^ < ^ » to defence ofthe roughs ofthis dty.Bof youth, beauty and fashion. What if all this small vote, he will no doubt act the part of chance to defeat Mr. Conkling. Vote early. gayety should be suddenly eclipsed by the a patriot as Mr.Mather has done, and with-1 0that thisPuritanblacklegorganh a s•sob. Fifty men employed in tbe establishment b l a f i k ^ w ^ J ! L ! ^ , l , ^ • P«ft«fe*l weakness end the ,b ,,straits that theyyour male relatives vote for the Union and the rane. L et every anti republican remember constitution. Your influence is great—look this, and govern himself accordingly. Vote forSoutherners will come here to spend theirmo- ney freely with you, and ourown rich classes will b e compelled to restrict themselves in their expenditures, for there will be hard tintes with everybody.Yourinterestaswellasothers"willarethrownsetofemployment. Thefirewasnov! ^ ^ ^ » * * ' * * « « P t w l l l only are put to. Vote early. strengthen Mr. Rasssl; * » sksos tAe^t»Tofdoobt the week of an inctndiary.According to tbe Chy Inspector's report, there knows the desire of that class, and will walk resorted to to prevent theelection of an honestthe blacklegs has — -TOT REGISTER.—All manner of tricks will b ethat y o a u s e It well.V ote early.Cochrane, a n d vote early.just been»«iu-««^.nil "I M'Ii.i|illii»WW! <•>:•- n u l l' irnfiiiwwwtobehearduponthemomentousquestionthat the country Is to pass upon to4sy, weere obliged, on account of the exceeding great prweureonoarcolnaum,to select onlyafew Of tbemore important communications whichban,inpursuanceofresolutionsofourblackre|mblican I^egisUture,whethernegroeswill bepermitted to vote or not at our elections infuture,without a property qualification as aguarantee of their character, their intelligence emancipated from her filthy embrace andherawaborofdistricts, «*n^ * * • _ JreceivedW e have heard from Rafns Choate,througho u r specialtranceand good conductAs thelaw now stands, a negro must ownreal estate to thevalue of $250 before ho canvote. By the proposed law all the black soil heresies, her Penality and rowdy black* to hola' ^ eight years each, and tobe elected thieves andpaupers, rogues and rascals of the gusrdlsm have made her odious saddetestable I in eight ^parate districts, each district electinr Five Points, Church street, West Broadway, in thelight of all good aad honest men. She 'four. The « * » jndgss of each dlstrJet were to aadthealleysthroughoutthecity whereand the most degrading vice andraneeprevailamongthecoloredpopwould have thesame right to vote as thewhite republican in the community, tor Manas tion, and compels them to vote at her dictation tinction to thegene*-al election which occurs Seward, Massa Greeley o r a n y other Maesa. or n o t a t all. This petty despotism uust h o every year, a n d ft w a s provided that vacanciesheavy black cloud, with here a n d theretweenthedifferentsections ofthecountryforfriendly relation between allsectionsoftheexports, and in August the difference was $147,344. ton co-operating or sympathizing with the abo- needed. Remember this morning that such no other choice possible. It appears that town in Connecticut eleven hundred workmenRailroad and other public works were being car- lition Browns and Helpers, and Sumners and will be theeffect of thesuccess ofthe sectional James Lynch"s career as one of the Alms- were discharged last Saturday, because the the people of New York a few days since thatried onvigorously. Itwasexpected thatthe United Lovejoys of theNorth. That answer will suf- party, and vote for the Union. Take every house Governors wss oneof an exceptionable manufactories have no orders from tile South. he could not find a single article of raiment,State* would offer their friendly mediation to p u t en end to the difficulty between Paraguay and England. Madame L a Grange, t h e vocalist, left Montevideo for Europe o n the 30th o f August.We have received files of Rio Janeiro papers September 25. T h e conduct o f certain parties InFaquarembo,Uruguay,towardssomeBrazilians waslikely tcrwiden thebreach already existingfice to the intelligent reader who comprehends voter in your employment to the polls with character. T h e .recent developement of the If Lincoln is elected to-day, w e shall have tbe crisis andtheissue. Thecrisis is Union or you, and induce every one of them to vote order to mutilate the dead bodies is certainly nothing butpolitical agitation and abolitionism disunion theissue is thedefeat or the election against Lincoln. There will be time enough to revolting to any person of sense, to say the rampant Onehundred thousand workmen and Of L i n c o l n . I n N e w Y o r k , D o u g l a s , B r e c k i n - d o t h i s b e f o r e b r e a k f a s t , i f n e c e s s a r y .nor anything else, made at the South. H e thought h e had found a place in N e w Orleans where they made horse carts a n d such things, but on close examination he found they were madeatNewHaven,andonlysoldatNew Orleans. Yetbeandbisblack republican fol-lowers want to destroy twelve millions of consumers o f Northern productions, a n d replace them with twelve millions of com-toridge and Bellereall absorbed inthe Union thepolls,andgoearly, causeandUnion ticket opposedtoLincoln.With thecordial onion to-dayin NewYork,between the countries, and may probably hasten city and State, o f all men with whom the Union republican Wide A wake organization have of evil, a n d w e trust that every person w h o d e -WorkmenofNew Thevote of thisthe threatened war. The Marquis of Monteleagre, is the vital question, Lincoln will be defeated.oneofthemoatdistinguishedmenintheempire, ThereactionforthisUniontickethasbeen theywishtorousethroughtheland,bytheir theofficeofRegisterwillto-daycasthisvoteA WORD TOTOTWIDE AWAKES.—TheblacksaduprightRegister. Leteverypersonre- member that'M. T . Brennan is the person thatACLEARFIELDANDNOFAVOR—Itistobeis bestUB| tnd vote early.VUntitloed Docutmentefor Bren-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069UNioN.-Vote early, then, and call your neigh- bor to vote early too; butbe sore, that you *ote enrly yourself.wfll use all possible means to get in all their votes. L et as have a clear field aad no favor. Vote early.no votes youreelve*; but send your husbands to the polls, and if you have sons entitled to vote send them too, the first thing this morning. CutG o t ol e a s t a u d i s o n l y o n e o f m a n y f a c t s t h a t a r e tellingagainsthim. Brennan, although nomi- natedbythewreckofTammany,isoneofthe evidencesthatgood maysometimescome outw o r k w o m e n w i l l b e t h r o w n o u t o f e m p l o y m e n t , andhavetostarveorlivethrougha long, cold"Liberty, fraternity, equality," is their motto,should be filled by appointment until suppliedand have come to the conclusion thatMatthewT.Brennanistheonly personin nomination worthy of the support of theyour trade.know to vote early; but above all things vote early yourselves.How BLACK REPUBLICANISM WORKS.—la oneii i^^^^^^^VIDuringtheheaviest oftheraina"poorsincethedaywhenhecommandedtheNationalGuardandinducedLouisXVItomountthetricolored cockade, whiletheQueen held upthe Dauphin to the view of the sans culottes' vote of thepeople till it was too late for the lamentable plight, humanely told him that jected, andcaused it at all times to harmonizeneration.communicationw a s from Washington,(3 Kernan,350.)T h e President,o u rThe medium said that somefirstthrough Chief Justice Marshall, w h o administer- edtotheFatherofhisCountry theoathof fidelity totbeconstitution andthelaws. The Chief Justice said that wereWashingtonnow alive bewould take hisposition where he stood seventyoneyearsago, intheCityHailofNew York, and would call on those who truly loved their country to put down sectionalism and to crash outfanaticism by aa earnest and united effortatthepolls.Hehopedthatifhehadren- dered any service to his country that the coun- try would prove its gratitude b y preserving the Union intact It is not irreverent to say that thespiritofhimwhowas first in war,firstin peace, sad first in tbe hearts of bis country-th eimmortaltained, South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia, Flo-rida,Mississippi,ArkansasandTexaswillprac-tically begin thework ofa Southern revolution by Lincoln's election, your houses will be half CANDIDATES FOR REGISTER.—We have care- and a Southern confederacy.HOTEL KEEPERS.—If the relations between the NorthandSoutharedisturbed,astheywillbedeserted, for tbe interchange of people be-fully scrutinized thecharacter of the*three can- didatesinthefieldforthisofficetobevotedforthe cosiest corner oftheoar,commencedafeastofchestnuts,ofwhichhehada liberal fanaticism to make the question go down with supply, scattering theshells around himonthetheyarebroughtforwardafresh,whenthelead-ersthinkthattheyhavemanufacturedsufficientblack race than have the Southern people isevident from thefact that in theWestern anti little wholesome eloquence until the negroestod l a presenting i tthem o r to their counsel i s unknown. T h eslavery States where they have majorities with- out t h e negroes, a n d don't need them, they either prohibit their voting or expel them from thecountry.! TheWesternrepublicans,injus- tification of their action, saythat negroes are net fit to be entrusted with the ballot, as they are notequal to thewhits man, andthe reason why they oppose negro slavery is not on ac- count ofits being aninjury to theblack, batto their own race.interest b y which w e have been growing pros- perous and rich; ourdockyards wfll becon- verted into deserts a n d your occupations will be gone. Stalworth ship carpenters, g o to the polls tills morning before y o n take a n adze in hand,andvoteagainst Lincolnandtherainofcourts didnotnotice itThe statute o f 1852 conflicts s o utterly withthe judicial scheme laid down In the constitu- tion that its validity may weU be doubted. The judges w h o have held under it are judges defacto, andtheir acts are ailvalid. Bat itit probable theCourt of Appeals would not sus- taintheactandundoubtedly our next Legis- lature ought to amend it soss to make the time of electing this fifth judge and his term of office correspond with the rest of our judicial system. Vote early, and take your neighbor along to vote early also.WHY THE BLACK RBPUBUCAJIS WISH TO ABOLISH THE ARMY AND NAVY.—Seward as- ertod in his speech at Lansing, on the 6th of September last, that the black republicans wish to abolish the army aad navy, because they a r e kept only ••that slaves m a y n o t escape from the slave States into the free, and thatemancipated negroes in the free States may notenterandintroducecivil warinto the slave States." Freemen of NewYork, doyou wish that thearmy andnavy shall be abolished forthesenefariousobjectsofblack republican- ism? Thenyoumust defeatLincoln; andto dosoyoumustvoteearly,andcallyourneigh- bortovote early, too;butbe surethatyou vote early yourself.NOTHING MADE EN THESOUTH.—Seward toldgiven as s premonition of thewarspirit which sires to have an honest and efficient officer in defeat of black republicanism depends on thevoteoftheEmpireState. Butyoumustvote petitorswithoarNorthernmanufacturersandattacksontheSouthernboardersattheNew forMatthewT.Brennan.early,andcallonyourneighbortovoteearly, too; besure,byallmeans,Uiatyoavote early yourself.York Hotel; 00 theUnion men attheBellandIt is really a wonder how a person of Bren- nan's stamp could receive the nomination from the old Coal Hole, and it is certainly an excep-she is entitled to ss the commercial metropolis oftheUnion. Letthembewarehowtheyrouse the indignation of a patient people. Minutehavegoneefftosomeotherportionof thecity toendorse their candidates. Butotherissues besides Tammany a n d Mozart enter into thisMenof NewYork, seethat youdoyour duty. contest; the question of competency is para Vote early, and protect your neighbor, that he mount to the claims of any party or faction.against them in this city, have not dared to holdtickettheir local candidates if they c a n only g e t a dyed-in-the-wool Weed republican like Wake- man elected to Congress. L et no auti repub- lican voter contribute bismite to carry out anyVote for Delaplaine, andsuch unholy bargain. vote early.triumph of the black republicans? What if draw from the field. Thevoters maylook forFASHIONABLE MILLINERS!—Remember that if Lincoln is elected commercial ruin threatens this great metropolis. Your profitable trade willcorrupt control. S h e will b e overthrown b f the Union democracy, anda new organisation established upon her ruins. Her freeA, iculd harmonize.on the Judicata theO w n s * . * lMfZ porta * * •jotem consisting of thirty-two jodges,portionunderthemilleniumofrepublican rule theyattemptedtocontroltheaction of thesewhich wiy be inaugurated bythe election of sovereigns, so let thesovereign people atone entitleittomorethan fourjudges;•and*ansa Lincoln. Like the Mahomedan, who looks boldstroke crash st theballot box the usurpers ment was adopted, providing that inthai district forwardtobishouriainParadise,sodothene- anddictatorsof Tammany Hall. Vote to-day thereshouldbeasmanymorethanfourjudgescrisiswasssimminentasthatlawhichthecolo- theywfllbeprivilegedtotaketotheirarms theUniondemocracyagainstTammany Hall. law,bntnottoexceedinlbswholesuchnum-has passed. Only this, the last day of the nies were placed when he made his favorite tbe pale faced beauties of theCaucasian race Vote early; call your neighbor to vote early ber, in proportion to Hspopulation, fas shallHenry hoped that alltbeUnion men would voteearly.ApartyofFrenchJacobins,bead- ed b y DeSton, next appeared, shouting hur- rah for the guillotine! Down with the govern- ment! Property is theft! Elect Lincoln! Dis- solve the Union! Smash everything generally! Order, peace, liberty and law are antique andrespectabledelusions,withmuchmoreto thesamepurpose. Napoleon said theonlysad wbiteweshers andbootblackshave grown impudentinanticipationofthebrightpros- pect before them.i NEGROSUFFRAGEANDTHEELECTIONOPLIN-left, which be did with tbe remark that "after the 6thof November they'd show white folks how to treat colored people.'' There Is not tbeslightestdoubtofit;andIftheblackre- publicansonlykeepontheywillhavenodiffi- cultyInestablishingthelong mooted question thatawhitemanisreallyasgoodasa nigger. Vote early, andtake your neighbor along with you.SHIP CARPENTERS!—Don't forget that if Lin- coln is not defeated at the polls to-day your trade is gonetothedogs. TheSouthwill be alienated from the North, and no more ships forsteamers a n d vessels running to Southern portswillberuined.pends wholly upon theprosperity of the carry- ing trade, and that depends upon the generalhis withdrawal bynoontoday.OneofMr.Theshipbuildingbusinessde-V ote early, and g e t every o n e y o uwinteronpubliccharity. York,yoacanpreventthis.State depends on thevote of this city, aad the,O Fhesitate about it butvote early.WATERINGPLACES!—TheAccordingly the ComaittasAfter tide plea had been soaspsat bythsincreasing population o f this district wouldby voting against Lincoln.vote early, andcall on your neighbor to vote early too; bat be tare that you vote early yourself.See, then, that y o u mssmmww ^»w* mw^^ms w i p v s a v * * , g w wg V I V VtJS*. I ¥ (www.fultonhistory.com 