 f xwore buailT ahonrag at Ins engines, others wars rushingto-day into the wary midst of the tames and using ovary an. this race. This la a decided improvement upon the says he was W n iiariu and does net knew snjtlaem parttenkar aoties. ItataeirCrrr J.'WSATTA tTXCB—tTST OF ntlXIS AT THK FOHTHCOBUIIO RtOATTA—A KEW FEATCES IN THE RACING—A %Mx* ttWrMBJ SOLEXT To/kMA- TEcms—r^oartmiTT o.* * H I CLCS, ETC.wfaeaeathesaicon Ipointed oatoutaade snd wanted to see him; ^**p7&BJ that he w J - «o'clock, from the Jersey.BkAtv—On Sonday, Joky », Fmur Bnanr, a .ford, Mnhi1* m>*~—«**m*m,~v «-f The friends and rshdliai af theattenon the funeral, ,tha late residence 158 Pent ewkwk precaely.Baowa.—At Sceaerfe. Wi M h B » , Mas SASAH Bnows, Brown.rtJw,SUten+onetar 80 Ko signs <ri thedaw, trass Galway Slat. At Cape clear eaa *** twenty are miles off shore.LDeath of Jonathan Phillip*. awaken. July » , 1MB.Phillip* (Had; w meat worthyand benevolentlinciaaati. CMCUWATI, July 30, I960LiabiLuea are fltOJ d their aaaau are ito save such fragments of the property in the burning store Theyworkeisessional oarsmen to compete tn all races, and, that Paawtor cannot survive the injury hiSictod. as a matter of coarse, their uniform success effectuallyhalf-past nine c>'eteck,;of rafhmmalka on thejaags, AX.I V steamabiptbe Flurtia arrived at Ty mad at tier wfcarf at timr oo^•teeajsn amateurs from engaging tn any of the regattaM—ail vicinity of this threatening Ore be indebted for the saiety from Albany, Philadelpha. Pittsburg, Newburg. Boston death of the Spaniard, Juan Gostarmo. The Bbtrtot At-—Mahilepapersphase copy.-—-• •iiilBiiplW'F..J<uy*v.le»w.at nine oa Saturday night, ty morningof their establahmenla. snd other peaces, to engage in tha race, and we are in- Tha first engine that arrived and was pat into working formed that several parties from those places have an-order after the alarm was given was the Protection En- nounced their intention of taking part in the contest.The regatta a appointed to come off on Monday, the of deposit at Calvary Cemetery was postponed West Sixteenth street. Igine No. 5. which did essentia, serrice in the earlier 10th of September next, an the Harlem river, fronting until to-day. The deceased, it a said, was a stage of the fire. In a very short time there were up- Conrad's Park. The first race will be for one pair scufl steward on board one of the Havana steamships, andnirkttt.\*w OnxkASS. July 30, \maranw(frr> —At Rockawayi L. I. on Sunday. July 30, Joexra bast toaae condlaUFlou- unchangad. Wheatartuie OOio at SI IS 7 000 bSI 12 . and 7.000 bushels doat huwr price. bat no buySales 6 •*» buswals Dhnoa atexchanged. Caaal freights] —floor 2flc., wheat 8 c the tire was discovered. and before the bells sounded, Hu kad c>»rn "Jfc to Kew Vol Lake imports to-lay—lX,aou buahem wheat 6o,311 do ccra. Kxporta—1.500•iOls. ".>>ur, 18,096 boshea wsTtreat The same Coronert>ody oi a Carman,the enacts of a pastw h J e tagagawta celebrating•oadiBf the waapoti whea :tterwg ha hand sad wr«t in a•Is sitill bald an inquest, atl a e body of !*atnck Council.invited to attend tbe funeral, from his late residence No,Brandretto'a Pills Axe Excellenst Puraja- 137 Thirty Bixth street, between Seventh and Eighth ave- of humanity, should assist in spreading these trulyC o r s a e r l 1 Caaraxnxa—Coronerred a portion of tu hose to Mohawk Engine Company No. 16. which ibec began to pour a very heavy stream upon the building The following engines, hose companies and hook and ladder trucks arrived almost immediately after upon the ground, and were unceasing in their effbrta to subdue the ire—Mohawk En tine, 16 Eagle Hose, 1 Oceanic Hose, 11. I nital States Hose, 26 Hook and Ladder, 15, Pearl Hose, 28. Warren Hose. 33; Manhattan Engine. 8 Franklin Hose. 18;companies will dine at twelve o'clock M. At two o'clock P. a. both companies will parade in fatigue uniform, and proceed by the Third avenue cars to Central Park, return- ing at six o'clock. At half past geven o clock the officers of the Sixty-ninth will take charge of the Emmets, as the guests of the regiment.THT-RH.ay. August 2-—The detail ordered in Company Order. No 9, will parade with similar details from the other companies of the regiment, for the purpose of es-live and Ann blUana Pills.Those who uae them retain their and faculties ina most remarkable dlegree. Warranted purely vegetable. Oflice 29» Cai ai areei.How to Do It.—Merchants, wholesale and retail, are often puzzled to know how to place their em- ployes, whether this man wit! make a good salesman: thai, a Kcod av'-ountanl. Oku. a reliable and trustwonhv confidential clerk i that, a caakter Ae. A phrenological description, care- fully written out, would settle the question and indicate the exact place each man can bast fill. FOWLER A WELLS. No.it: Broadway, make private examm.ii.ona.Brooklyn Photographs—Williamson'snues, on Wednesday afternoon, at twoo'cu»k.MCQCADE —it! Monday, July 30. of bronchitis. PATRICKMrOcasB. aged 24 yearnHta friends and acquaintances are respectfully invitedto attend h a funeral to Calvary Cemetery t h a (T uesday) afternoon, at^wo o'clock, from his late residence, No. 7 Carmine streek.Bettast i Ireland", papejrs please copyBITTFRP over the land, and thereby essentially aid ia I ins Drunken neas and Disease.CHARLES WIPDIFTELDAtp., ProarMtar*. No 79 WUlUua streei. Be«r Tor*.And told by Oruggiata generally. 'FOR SALE-THE STOCK AND FIXTURES OF A t-RQAR,('oniecuonery and Frtiu More, with lease at Stare aad Pwelling, af the owner ia engaged in other bust Innu T s i armine street.F a s t .avt the Sew York HospitaletraohiQ, a native of 9co<Who drfd from the efiecta ofOf Apr last, by falling from scaffold at No 111 Greeneheld an inquest open the tee Rosier. who died from in the wrat, receivedFourth. Itoaaaed maturely exploded.ightl'ul manner Coroner 166 Cherry street, upon boy about seven years ofBrooklyn* C Sjr Sewa.ssmu*« LaGXE BIKE on Sc: at —The dacovery of anLiberty Hose, 10: City H<ae. 8 Columbian Engine 14 corting the Emmets on s visit to the public institutions.MCRHHY —On Saturday. July 30. JBA.VXF, relict oi thelate John Murphy, of Baly nelly, county of Derry, Ire- IMPORTANT ANNOCNCEMBWT.tiered a each of the aboveplay of its smoke pipe formed a contrast with the lurid glare of the names, and attracted many a spectator. Its stream was soon brought so bear upon the burning mase, eclipsing :r. volume, strength and distance the streams of the various other machines tn the neighborhood, and the efficiency of tbe combined streams was soon perceptible in the gradual diminution Of the biaae.THK 9CSNS OS ANN STREET.During tbe first progress of tbe names tbe fire seemed tc be confined to the building in which it originated. Soon after, however, the windows of the corner house, facing on Nassau and Ann streets, were observed to become suddenly of a dark purple ho*, which gradually increased in brilliancy until the fierce, hot flames burst forth from story Tho dames sooned seal, urging on of Charleston P. P. Ortiz, Esq., of Washington, and W from all para of Ma country tn WILKES' SPIRIT now out. G. Jackson, Esq., of Maryland, are stopping at the Clar-old city ordinance forbiddktraag or spirituous liquors onthe sale of ale, porter, day, impelled the policeINSTITUTEThe Cadets of General Lockwood's Military InstituteBa!iiinore t*unday eveiung.Exciiraioniais can thus leave New Tork on Thursday *)*aSo arrest the keepers of sen ai lager bier saloons iaeiBuaday The ofianders were i< ked up for tbe night, andwesMrday were brought bef< Justice Cornweil The reaatty preaenbed a fifty fine tor each ofteace. The aer .aed ptoatled guilty. an<| the fine of fifty dollars •was oaposed upon each. Com 1 having been retained tiy dafriutanta, came into Com after tbe cases were dis- posed of. and aaked to havewill give an exhibition drill at Camp Worth, WhitePlains, to-day. at half past four o'clock P. M. In taeevening the Cadets will give a soiree at their armory. and feia. WHITE, batter, EZ1&Broadway, oppokte St. raid'sbig. en ;rv an ocean ride of 500 miles by day and nigha oa a * Great Eaatern. steaming up the <Twaapeake by daylight, ajisnd the night in Balumore. and reach N e w Tork : via Phuadahkhad bv raHroad Vondav eveniBe. A i« ist 6.Waarsns Cmafc.—The uearry about thenoon the body of s man was floating in the water at the amounting to 81.250, due tbe 1st of April, 1960. tor ser- foot of York street, Jersey City. The deceased was ap-No. U) Astor House and 417 Broadway.WBaaLSk.—At Bridgeport,Conn., ori 9sterday, Jniy » , Mre HlmiAB Waaim- wife of tbe hun Lrsfi. Wheeler,•^TnAtrnJwStakeliaeethis(Tnesday)kftsreooo.at threeo'clock. from North cbnrch. Cars leave New York and Hew Haven Railroad depotT corner of Twenty-seventh streetandFourthavenue,atgnarterpasttwelveo'clock P M.•^wsaw•• aavwastw •gothareaasanextraordvices rendered as Physician to the Marine Hospital at quarantine. Counselcitedtheseveralactsappointiagthe quarantine Commaswaers, and at length:cummenled on their ottitval conduct, contending that they had done nothing sincetheir apamintawnl/bat spend money. Ba a a o referredbownd to pay Dr. Jerome h a salary. Mr. Devim, par* of tsa'CwiinihaiiBMSj ofmotion, and at some '•ngti stfaed tnatOF THSCm, July $0,1860at the Canard Dock en Buiparentlyaseaman,andwasdressedingraypants,black satinvestandhrogans. Hisrighthandgraspedathreequarter inch rope, which be had apparently seisedsave himself at the time of toiling in the water to drucaiaa._about thaBarry'sTrU-opheromslatltcBent and cheapestaruclefjrdressingbeauttfyma,cualmg,cleaoaiajr, preaarvmg and iletoi i"U the hah-. Ladies, try it Sold by allthe Chaago/V awandIttiabcrgDit-Corn slightly firmer Other grams quiet andItoyal Havana Lottery—Soa. *G,030, fL5tC. 10 010. l i s : . 27 235, drew the five capital prizes in •h» drawing of Jul? 17. 1.^'*). Prizes cashed or Messrs. CHASE A CO, Bankers. -1 William street. New York.143 do. catsq a n u . Jackmanny No. 5, appeared on the ground and industriously went towork in getting the flames under. The former transfer- way to Broome street, to Westchester House, where bothPhysicians, nergvmen, and temperance advocate*, as an actheld anthe body of Wilham B.aged thirty -eight years, received on the 19thfrom a third story w:niterrlnar's Patent Champion Ffrn Burglar Proof Balks, Sal Broeaway, oomer of Murray Mew York.tirover o> Baker'a Celebrated NOISELESS BEWINO MACHINES,c jiK..gtnon!* ;n each case ordinance under whichPbiHka. No 4|S w.at twenty fifth street. of the family s i r invited to attend.Tbe friendswiU h e turnahed a k /yanpaaiii, contending thaithey were coavK-tel was pajSnitdatt>»n . July 1 I860''. andInvalid The Justne ctmseni to suspend judgment until alcng which the fire ran,Hob. rt Lsngreack, or tht Black Leg Peer—By C. J Collina; Letter from Carl Benson: tbe Ame- rican Horses in England; thejreat College Regattas at Worces- ter. Mass.; Movements of Beenan: the Hippodrome Troa; Fall Racing and Trolling reports: Lives and Baitlea of Du-Unauished rngilaW: correspondence between the New York and St George a cricket clubs, and a variety of Sporting NewsDOLLAR EXTRA.Jnursiiiy m order to hearOfcltmit on the ftibtectS. S. Walla. Esq.. and sister, of Baltimore: A. Brous- sean, Esq., of Louisiana E. B. Todd, Esq . and wife, of heroic firemen bent Bermuda. A. Barff, Esq . of England; Htinh Rose, Esq ,ante*. JOA>NA -MTHrst.Tha renerable Mrs. Joanna Btthune, a highly respectedChraaa:-. a d y , departed t h a jifo on a s t Saturday after stow, in the ninety second yean of her age. The deceased faaa widow of the late Divie Jfethuae, r*i., and mother nf the Rev. George W Beshu&c|, 0. D. Sta was a naaswe t*f lort Georfe {now Klagara).and of SaHch parantage. En coaaevtioa with the chanlal)le societies of this city— •apanaaDy tha New York Orppaa Aasociat.cn—ahe wasonti kswwnand high.>^Lraay Iwtelliajrwcr.Chptaia R. T- Uary. Catalan tjtjuarVwmasteT. a ordered to pracxtHi to Camp Floyd, Clka, and relieve Lieuusnan: Cotonet t. B Crossaan, Deputy vraartermaster General, 3n ba tones at that station. Colonel Croaman. oa bemg awkwfad, a directed to repa4| to St. Loua, and there •wait further orders.km extensaa of n ne months' ianva of absence has bean Braated bv the War rj«parta#nt W Lieutenant W. I. liagradar , First dragoons.leading Wasters citiea Jas, aitnoogh tan yearsdaparitybetweenthem figures,aswelearnendon Hotel.Judge Hastings, Major Lelore, and W G. Barrett, Est)., thus more available pout. This was a work of much all of California Col. R. A. Hewson, of Texas: Lieutenantw h e e l e r .Oace 606 Broadway N Ya h«win| Hathimprior to the act of con by that act renderedevery pane along the hi spread to the upper portuthe building on Ann street, the eavea with its fiery to room, the windows, , told how the fireSPROTT—In BrooklyM suddenly, on Sunday, Joiy Si, ALUXRT WBST, yosngest ton of Willam and Letita J. Sprott. aged 9 monttie and 3 days.mrjueatand strong of water on the so hotly that it couldnot be got under tor BOOM time. Thedid not for a mnanant relax la their efibrts, for while someinfluential members of the crab were present. and some very important business connected with the regatta9td year of her age. grs. JOAJOU Bnui.su, widow of the hrte Dtrie Betfaune, Esq., of tha citnoaaly, heroically ant « a k a united will, and to theirby tne SrxSh avaawaot police, was net iveiy saaajai yester-Nkk Okuuaa, July 30 I960. Cottoti—Pales to-day l-^f1! baiea. Tbe receiptor toe'Jhihemtaa's advice* caused greater firmness in tbe ma-atet. We quote midti :ng at 10c. Floor very dull, at and continuous stream of water In cases af cond boats. The fourth race is for four oared boats, and murdered deceased, still remains in confinement at fjo SOt>r superfine. I• n —.4 declining tendeacv sales tha kind steam den^onatrates its mighty and without restrictions, and the winner receives 8100 and the Tombs, but hopes to obtain his release tla-ough a writNatcbei and New Oraana papers please copy. FXSHKV.—On Monday. Jiiv 30, gamant, Fkaxn, m theSBd year of bis age.The friends and relatives of the family are respectfullyinvited to attend the funert-i. from the residence of haBALLOCSFFFrrPFrrrrrp TTtlVT%T nvtau &Tc a 66c Lard -teady tales tn kegs at 14c" Other untiring powers over failing bone and muscle, andojrtjcir* tuichangeu.RAITIMOU. July 30, 1S6U Flour steady B vwani Btnfet, ** £>. Wheat active anda champion rag, while his immediate successor will be of habeas corpus today. The prisoner, in a conversa-•Wtm^-y, 20,m c. a*.., 2a bbU.temriGO, Julv 30—8 P. M.Flour qaiet. Wheat steady at 90c. a 90 ',c. for No 2 tspring Si for r-a ia ston. Cora active and *c. Joww. aalas of 28 «.J buab*» at 42,,c a 42^c. in atore. Data firm Baceipla u>*aj—420 bbaw dour. 34,000 buoels Wheat 60,000 bosheta corn, 1.500 boahels oata. Slip xaeau—600 bbla. Soar, l: #00 bushels wheat. 130 000 fc>jahete corn. Freignu do|t—6c on corn to Buitaio Sight exchange am Mew Yarkil « per cent premium.*TI. July 30,1SS0. Flour niyftsnred Whtsksk dolt u W\ Provisions tjaiet Money market steady and aachanged. Sight ex-caang- an New York cue half per ceat premium.litwaio, July SO—1 P. M. demand moderate. Wheat lower, da- lea 11 OOOfbuahels red winter Western S0CO boahels to arrive at Si 06 , Cora iJ7.000 bashaai, at aoc Whiskey nominally on flour, 12c. oo wheat and lie oniy, pouring a strong stream oC water on to the burning buildings from the roof of the HmvaxD buildings. There was, in fact, room for praising every oae who took part in staying the ravagea of the fir*, for every man no- bly ltd ha'duty. We have particularly to express our thanks to Chief Engineer Decker for keeping an eye to tbe safety of our office.RAVAGES OF TBI FIRS.The fire broke out on the fourth floor cf the establishment of Mr Cbas Vnaton, No. 100 Nassau street, burningoff the root, and extended down to the third door. It burned through to the sixth floor of No. 102.The iirst floor of No. 100 was occupied by MichaelX>Taia celebrated aew improve) Ba 814BroadwarY ork. Lake i wheat,•U—IJSO bbls Itoc mean, 9.000 dohonoris to-day—5.400 bbls. fis 000 bushels corn. Caim 25» OUO buahels wheat, 123.0OOoccupied by Aaron Josephs for 82 000 damaged about is occupied by Mark Cohen.500 insured for S4.000.pied by T. Strong as a book estimated at about $10,900;Brr*AU>, July SO—6 P. M. Fk> :•• quiet and steady sales 400 bbls at S4 TS a So Cor ectra Iihaois. Wtscoasinf axd lows. So a SO 26 for • s u a Indiana and Ohio, and §/> >0 a S6 for double extra. Wheat lower, demand m;r sw«a 32.000 bushels new red OBJQa_d InI—w atSIWapi*8 Cora,steady. sales4tc. for jjja" 1 and 60c. for sound il a l e lower, sale* 3Jm boskewatSSc Whakey aaaainsl at Its. Canal ireiajra ttt- oa Hour, 12c. on arhaat, and lie. on corn u.lSew York. Lake imports go da' - 1 000 bbls. tlonr, nvflOO bushes wheat; 24^.000 tiaah*'.- com. Canal exports)—1.400 bbs. ;Iour 11.000•>nah*u> a heat 117 000 '.•^iiiei.s core 9.000 bushels of oats. Cram in store this morning—lfl,564 buahels wheat. 931,715 Knsahc'i- com, 3,718 bushels rye. The amount of wheat is She tmaitest ever knovn before all of it a old, there aiof new crop a£ «l in tbe creek., July 30—6 P. M.ImnH F'-sinrnvs,Sirrr jrrsTHRasawjrr, N. Y. 8. M.>PBOGSAahx.Text-rat. July 31.—The Fusileers will assemble at theirarmory, at four o'clock A M., and receive the Emmets as their guests at foot of Peck slip, at a quarter oast five o clock A. M. F company, Fourth regiment, Artillery, Captain McMahon, having accepted an invitation from the Fusileers. will join the parade and fire a salute on the ar- rival of the Emmets. The escort will then proceed up Peck slip to Pear! street, and up the Bowery to West cheater House, where ail will have breakfast, t h e escort will reform in Broome street, right on Bowery, at eight o'clock A. M., and proceed down Bowery to Grand, to Broawday, to Canal street, down Canal to the boat char- tered for tbe excursion, and proceed down the bay: re- turning in the afternoon by the same route.WxoKBHDaY, August 1 — The Fusileers will assemble at their armiry, at a. juarter past eight o'clock A. M.. and receive their guests; then proceeding up Bowery and Fourth avenue to In ion square, snd down Broadway to City Hall, where they will be reviewed by the Mayor and Common Council after which.they will march up Broad-aai«9 6,000 buabeis red wmter Western at SI 13—more in marketentitled to 8x6 the third saves ha entrance fee. The lastrace a for champion sculls, and the winner will receive a surj *sa*-d the utmost that the most unreasonable could champion flag and purse of $60, the second 820. Alto-tion with some of the police, acknowledged that deceased was at h a place on the total night, but denies having ii: used him in anyway. Deceased, he said, took sick Willis in one of the ladreoaa over the barroom, and he sminlv brought bun down stairs and planed him upon the sidewalk, where he wai found by the police a few nours subsequently.AflSArCT WITH A PrsTOt —George Leise, a German, re- siding at No 221 Centre street, was brought before Jus- tice (fcmckenbuslt, at the Jefferson Market Police Court, on charge af satelliting John Reed, of No. 624 Broome street, with a patol. The prisoner, it a alleged, snapped the weapon in complainant's face, and as the latter was trying to escape, discharged another barrel at him. Lock- ily Reed escaped without Ui.iury. Ijeise said the patol went ofl accidentally, and that he had no intention of harming complainant beyond giving him a frightening. Held to bail in the sum of $1,000 to answer.ANOTHER SHootmr, CAI«E —Daniel Driscoll, proprietor of a drinking saloon situated at the corner of Third avenue and Eighty sixth street, was brought before Justice Brownefl, at the Fourth datrict Polise Court, Yorkville, yesterday morning, on charge of dacharging a loaded pis- tol at a young man named Edwards, with intent to kill Tbe prisoner frankly admitted that he fired the weapon, but said that he mistook Edwards for a person with whom ho had some djflculty a short time ago. Driscoll was held for examination.GxTrmc HOLD or rax WROSC CITOWKK.—As detec'.lve Elder was standing in front of a picture store in Broad- way, near Grand street, yesterday morning, watching the movements of snjne pickpockets, a couple of Spaniards approached him, " • , mistaking him for some verdant countryman, attempted silly to pick bis pocket. The detective turned upon the fellows, and quick a« thought grabbed them by their collars and marched them off to the police headquarters The prisoners refused to give their names or place of residence.i w i n g i o f F r a m e , Broad tittits & Co.'s Deaware Lotteraa —Scssrx Cocrrr, CLAW 130, Jtrtr 30, 1360.17. 52. 28. 9,.41, IS, 36, 31. 38, 44, 55. 48. CoMSOuiiArap LOTTEBT, CLASS IS8, JSLV 30. laSO.45 21,», 56.47,5,33.65.59,11,20. FRANCE. B80ADBRNT8 A CO.,Managers, Wilmington, Deaware.lhawingiof tJSe Delaware 8ta.Se Lottc- nee.-WOOD, EBOT A CO.. nana*on of teeSK:^wasE. KSVTCCKV a.vn aissttcRi STATE LOTTERIES, HSI^WAHX—ExTKa CLASS NO. 389, JYn.T 30. l.SSO.10, 29. 51, 59, 47, 56, 26. 52.11, 24. 57. 64,17, 60. DcLAwana—CLASS NO. 300, JCLT 30, 1860.51, 27, 54, 6. 21, 39. 7, 75, 15. 61. 2, 34.rcnlars sem :ree of charge, bv addresaiag either to WOOR EPPT A CO., Wilmingxav Deb ware. Or ta WOOD, El>in* 4 CO., St. Lcius. MissouriOfficial Drawings of Hodfjea, Davis &FF FFSFFIVIKPF T FFT FF TY FFFTTFFFF1F FVFT « TTTT VYTV I Vhat night the steam fire engine fully attained, and eventtueyant at $1 20 a »i :» tor rel, and SI 36 a SI rio for Ldi t. But the other engines, manned by stalwarth and gether, there is every prospect of this celebration of the «rmte Corn firm at «te fan mixed, 94c. a SBc for >••>, brave fellows, never quitted their post for a moment, but Empire City Regatta Club being the most brilliant andFA*CLOT;GH —At Harlem, on Thursday, July 36. at She residence of bis grandparents vCiLLtAi. the youngest child -of Boothrovd aad laubella Preston Faircuurh, acs-d 2 monthsH a remains were interred at Greenwood cemetery.Foti).—In Brotklya, on iMonday morning, July 30, at 6 A. M , of consumptisa. PBOXBI FOOD, in the 80th year ofIX6f* gHpsa*The roiativos and friands of the family, and of her aon- in law Jobn F "Maher. are respectfully ttWitad to attend her funeral from her la:p redidence, No. 32 Talman street, Brooklyn, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at half past two o'clock, without further invitation.Hai».—On Sunday. July 29, Jruo> HAAF after a linger- ing i|lncss of four weeks, agtd 18 years, 3 months andThe' relet;ces and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the fuheral. on Wedneaday afternoon, at one o'clock, without further information, from the resi- dence of his mother. No. 20 Forsyth street. New Tork.HAIS*Y—At SpotswoOd. M. J . o n Monday July 30. Can- TRrns TaiPLSk infant daughter ot James K. aad Jane P. Ilalsey. and granddaughter of the late H. Edward Lord, aged 1 year, 4 months and 1 days.Her remains will be interred in St. Peter's churchyard. Spotswood. tha (Tuesday) afternoon, at Ave o'clock.Joans —OnMonday, July 30. of scarlet frver, MAST.A rar Ansa JOKES, ywungest daughter of Franca and Han nah Janes, aged 2 years, 4 months and 21 days.Ere sin could blight or sorrow fade, Death came with friendly careThe opening bud to heavea conveyed, And bade it btossom there.The friends and acquaintances of the family are re- spectfully invted to attend the funeral, this (Tuesday) afternoon, at three o'clock, from her late residence 443 First Btreet. without further notlie Her remains will be'interred hi Greenwood Cemetery.Manchester and Lancaster, England, papers pieaee copy!KiiCHxm.-i-In Brooklyn, oh Monday morning. July 30, after a short, but severe [illness, JOSZFH H. KorrarutR, aged 19 years, eldest sop of the late John Kinchier, Esq.Tbe relatives and friends of tbe family, also tbe Ame- nw Blues, '.are respectlfully invited to attend ha funeral, on Wednesday afternoon at '1 o'clock, from his late resi- dence, 172 York street, ]Rrooklyn.Pittsburg papers please copyKaiaa —OS Monday. July 30. of convulsions, AittHUB., son of John A- and Mary A. Keane. aged IS days. I.AKKEV—0b Monday.;July 30, MICHAXL Laaaar.The friends and relatives Df tbe family are requested to attend the funeral,! on Wednesday, from his ate residence. 231 Elizabeth streetMCMAM - —im Monday. July 30, after a short illness, CATHjKmx, the beloved hnd -pnly daughter of Patrick and Margaret McManus, aged 6 fye&rs, '2 months and 22 days.The funeral will take place this (Tuesday) afternoon, at two oCock, from tbe residence of her father, 662 Water street ^MmBAT —On Monday^ July SO. MART Ainrs. daughter of Thomas and Margaret Murray, aged 3 years and 7 months.The Mends and relatives of the family are respectfully invited to attend tbe funeral, this .Tuesdayi afternoon, at two o'clock, from the residence of her parents, corner of Eighth snd North Second streets. WiliamsburgMcBALt.—On Monday July 30. EDWARD MCHALX, after s painful i'lness. aged i>i years.Tbe relatives and friends of tbe family are respectfullyash SaWtow, and 73c. a 76;. for white., Provatans active and on- C^an/-: Whakey doll at 3>^c. a 20 j»c-"very mac worked determinedly while a single stick wassuccessful of any yet held oo New York waters.JKUHU. Julv3«,13«0Fso»'r active. Whatadvi ;mg. whi*J.$l 26 a SI 35 and it wati remarkable thai the louder and more cheerPFTrT KFFKFr?TYTY FTTTTT.«; a* Sitinrtwed. SI M a SI 20 Corn yellow, 97c. -Provisionsfully they auag, the more desperately did they move the >rakes of their engines.Its onward progress in tbe first yean of its existence,and its exertions will always be directed, as now, to cultivate and extend a love of the manly and health giving exercise of rowing among the rising getw ration of the Empire City. The oiticers of tbe club are as follows:—President, 9te. ptaen Roberts, Esq.; Vice President, Mr. Chratopher Thomas Treasurer, Mr. George J. Wood: Secretary, Mr. Alex. M. Matthews. The committee will meet every Mon- day evening at St. Mark's Place Hotel, until the day of the regatta for the transaction of business and the initiation of aew members of the club. A judicious regulation of the club fixes the delivery of the regatta prises one weeksubsequent to the regatta, so that the judges have ample taae to investigate into the circumstances of any charge of foul rowing, objections. Ac., before handing over the -'rewards of merit" to those parties entitled to themWe understand that the members of two Pittsburg Re- galia Clubs, the Atlantic and the Fashion, have during tbe pact week been visiting and fraternising with their bro- ther members of the Empire City Regatta Club.ginchatgad. Whiskey.21v..a22c.AUaurr, July SO, 1860i*S3T8, ttyt*ia) rm»?w^ri TOTJ MEIVyar dull, price* tendir downward. Holders anewmiaaiT disposition t- dai of stock of old oa hand.Sheer m a decline of 10»;. a lj par Obi oo middling and• o w w fradea. Wb«*«t <iaite tot! sales o' 2.800 bustles•X haiMtacaw aew w:;w MiMifan at SI 46 This is axaney price—*c. a %-. thove the views of httyers. Corndull at 90c for ear lots a frr^af quantity going into su>re firemen also exerted themselves very diligent Sktlaa 4000 boahels •»!-—>i,o. tor Canada Westleft burning several of the engine companies had -ougs, We are gratified to be able to announce that the Club U in a moat flourishing pecuniary position. It has surmount- whwh they sung while wmkmg to lighten their labor; ed all the difficulties and impediments which preventedFF TTTbe lire » i « one of thoseterriblystubbornones thatMkSTEW ST,Y_LE OF SHTRT'W^SIIBIAIITTILO- TO FTT*ent by eapri** to aay part <it rar rnked Htattawpon reeetpt. p«er imail eg the fnilmrae measures, whafc w d iataraa p«rsometimes bailie and dispirit the boldest nrem<-n, and itmust be oouiessed that if less energetic men than the fire-feec fintt fIOoTrSsiIxJ,S*1ia5.,S*1ip8anlisas»*perinrtm. ed for less than naif a doren thiria.Bocwonrrorwae*- JTsha* rore/aeS-meaauras are aa fa -men of New York had the duty to discharge of extin-lows —Keck—The dntaace amnixl it TVike—The I—am im from thepoints of each shoulder, .sleeve—The length rraartks centra nf tbe back to the wrat. wtth the arm bent friiaa Dafseie arnunri tbe body nneer the armpkx Waist—Dataaoe arouad. Also the leneth of die shirtB* senUng tbe above measures w e eaa guarantee*, l lit ol our new stvle af meIMPBOl-ED ntEBCH i'OCE SHTRT. Also importers aad dealer* tnME1P8 FVRMSHTim OOTrDR. BA 1.1..TCWhqiemV orders solicited. No. Iiirrtnailwg. X>OCDOIB BBW1B9 MACHIHEB.guisLing the fiamea. It would have gone very bard •* ubthe whoie square of buildings from Nassau to Williamstreet, if not, indeed, mud. farther The BHULONunan as s general stationery sad print store.He is m- hi shoutThe Emmet Gaard, Captain Thos. W. CahiU, of NewHaven, Connecticut, will arrive in this city tha morningat nail-past five o clock, in the New Haven steamboat, atPeck slip. The Guard, during their temporary stay intha city, drill be the guests of the Irish Fusileers, Six-ty ninth regiment. They will cumber about seventy-livemen, rank and file, and will be accompanied by the New Haven Brass Band. The company will be received on its arrival in New York by the Fusileers and Artillery Com- pany F, Fourth regiment, who will fire a salute on the arrival" of the boat. They will be entertained for two days by the Fusileers. and one day by the officers of the Sixty ninth regiment. Below *ye give the company, order in reference to tbe reception and entertainment of the • Emmets ' while in this city —tsured for OS J00, and the S--600The first floor of No. 102 as a chKhing store: insai 8500. Part of the first fl< as a bookstore: damageThe budding No. 08 a and stationery store insured for S36.000.d 102 are owned by J. Fowler. and have been damaged to the extent of 84,000 or $6,000,and are insured for 817 0CCTbe building No. 102 a occupied by a number of per-whose goods nave !D more or teas damaged byJeremiah Connor, tiie janitor of the buildings, who is at present confined m tha Hospital, bad ba wife and family residing in building No. 102, and they had to Sy for their lives, after having lost all their furniture.Since the above was written we have seen Mr. Charles Vmton aad learn from him that ha occupied only the third story. The fourth, fifth and sixth stories were oceu pied by other parties. MrJ Vinton has but $1,000 msu ranee on ha stock and prantes in the Firemen s Insurance Company, and ha property was worth 85.000.TH1 RN0INMB D» THl QROcyii.The promptness of the firemen upon the ground was commendable indeed. Before the alarm could be commu- nicated by the bells several engines and hose companies were on the spot with their apparatuses to work and streams pouring upon the burning building. As soon asThe buildings Nos. 100damage to n « stockmane Hose Company No 201, and Protection Engine CompaAmericas Engine. 6 Neptune Hose, 27 New York Hose, 5 Nassau Hose. 66 Ok! Junk Engine 22; ExceUior En gme,2. Independence Hose, 3 Phenix Hone, 22 Harry Howard HOOK and Ladder, II Tompkins Hose, 16. Peter son Engine, 31. Empire Hook and Ladder, 4; Empirv En- gine. 42 Niagara Hose, 2. jSiutcwark Steam Engine No. 38 was aao promptly on the spot, and took up a position at the southwest cornerTbe company will assemble at their armory, at eight o'clock P. M., to loin tne regiment in escorting the Em- meiE to tbe (mat on their departure.NEW HAVEN 0RETS.The New Haven Greys, Captain Osborn, will vait thiscity on the 13th of September, as the guests of theMiniatures, Cabineta, Imperials and Life Size. CUS> * uiion atreeCTwo forty nineand.aged HI years.The trends of her sons. James .ad William, and ac-quaintances of the family, are requested to attend the fu- neral, on Wednesday afternoon at two o'clock, from the residence of her son inlaw,-Joan McDermou, No. 261 West Forty third street.•without further notice.i.'NEII .—<m Monday, July 30. J a m s O'Nsu., a native of county Tyrone. Ireland, jaged 48 .years.Ha'funeral will take place from his late residence. 54 University place, on Wednesday afternoon, at one o'clock. Hii friends and tbose oftha family are invited to attend.O'CoNsxLi*—On Sunddy, July 29. MART AJW O'Co^vxti. aged 5 years and 7 months, daughter oi Frauoa and Ag- nes 0'Council'.Due notice will be givPn of the funeral.PotiocK— Siddenly, at Weehawken. on Sunday, July 29, JAHX, wife of David Pollock, Esq., aged 42 years.Tbe reatives and friends of the family are respectfullySCHEDULE OP PI^ASURE TRIPS OS BOARS THE STfAMSHirGREA T EASTERNPrior to her return to Europe. Aitgtat IA IdSD.Tbe tlesmahip GREAT EASTERN Joka Viae Hall maader. will leave North river off R.pi-i"^ street, oaTHURSDA T AFTERNOON, AUGUST X. At 6 t-dock preciaely. forOLD POIMT COMFORT aim ANBAPOLIH KOAO-Landms excursionist* .without extra chargei at NORFOLK A N D BAL TIMORE.Afnvng ofl Old Point Comfort Friday evening.Will :ei|ve Old Point SCNDA T MORNING, AuguatS. a Sag«, who was killed by fialljclow. The usual verdict of cidentai death " was ran of Fulton sad Nassau streets, where the pyrotechnic dis- State Guard, Captain Jos. H. Johnson, of this city. Tbetocgurs. As it passedwheh biased inwas progressing andto their work wiihtheir work with cheers and songs. A number of iaddera were soon raise-! to the windows, and the firemen carried up the hone to throw tbe water upon the Homes from adanger, when it a considered that the fierce heat of the fire had made the large front stones as br.me as glaja. and broken them from their place,, norUfig l i e m with death dealing force u th^JPilond. The heroic men, how ever , seemed regar^-; the dangerous fragments, but T^u^insup th«ladiiers in the midst of them brought the& C. Wilhams. of the United States army, and Captain S. L Breeae. of the United Stows navy, are stopping at the Metropolitan Hotel.J. B. Wolcott, Esq., of Mississippi: R. C. Fraxier. Esq , of Savannah, 6 a E. Little tohn, Esq.. of the steamer Quaker Citv: J. W. Boguit. Esq., of Havana, and J Mont- gomery, tfsq., of Netr uririM. « e stopping at the La, large House.Bon. J. B. Guthrie, of Kentucky Col. Hooker, of Mis- sissippi. Madame Prewett. editress of the Amerv:an Aro- nn , at Ya/00, Mas Oapt. Perkins, of the steamer City of Bufialo: Oapt. Van Clew, of steamer New York; Oapt. Dorr, of Buffalo Lieut Saxon, of West Point; A. J Gloss bruner, Esq., and family, of Pennsylvania Newton St. John, Esq., of Mobile ex Senator Ward, of Texas, and Gen. Lowe, of New Orleans, are stoppingattheFilth Avenue Hotel.—W Jersey City News.Lkdd. W ebater A Co.'s Improved Tlajht SUich Sewing Maehinea, ai 500 Broadway.STRACHAS —On llendsy, July 30. Wa. B. S«ACHA.'«. Beaver streettb« fihmes with greater esecuimu than was permitted froai U>e ground ft is to theireOorte a this manner that u due iiM preservation of the bciktuipe on Ann street.Sapreaac toart—social Term.Before Hon. Judge Leonard.MOTION FOB MANDAMUS AGAINST THE COMMISiaOKSRSOF EMltiRA TIOK. ,JrtT SO.—T« Peopk ex rd Jama U. ./-row/ m. The CVwmi irittiT; tfBmi^-atvm.—Mr. Cashing, upon the part af the plaintiff, Dr. Jerome, applied for a perempto- ry mandamus against the Commateoners of Emigration, ctanmandiag them to pay him one qaartor's salary,SON'S SEWING MACHINES. These netdles are made by hand, aad of the bast double refined Esghah caai aeei, aad WasaAHTKn icrsaios to m OTHE«S.J. FBED. MILWARD a Warren street, N. T.Batthclor'a Wlaja. Toapees and Hklr Dye have Improvemenu surpaaamg all others, natural andtend his funeral, tha (Tuesday) afternoon, attwo o cloca, Item Craad stireet Presbyterian chuaab. Dr Thomson 8Prnnas.—In Brcoklyd. on Wednesday. J i^y 26. 8< sas CAXDWSXL, wile of the Ihte Woodward P. SuberePhiladelpha papers please copy.Taacr.-At Richheld iprings S. Y on *»ord*r Jaly 28, EnwABi* FnajrKLni vbungest child of the a t e uiaries A. and Elisabeth F R. Tracy.Funeral serpces at fCo. •• last Twenty-eeeond street en Wednesday afternoon^ at three o'clock.Toiaz.-At'Hoboken.*.-.J.( on Saturday evening, July 2» CiasaaCK son of Daniel and Cathame Assela Tol«,aged1year.lOunonthajmdIday^His'remams'were taktn to Haverstraw, Rockand c«m-^T&^JFXAl. N*J- - Friday. July V,x \ way oi No. 14 Broadway, a oax eoniammg Traak's S a g . netie Ointment. Dealers wi'1 please the rame If offeredl l or sale. J. WRIGBTY!»>.. 14 Hroadway.OLD FCHIEBAM S»HNAPP8.1' rase*, th;-e" .cure ,mt:orted «uue»ole for prvaie use. Ff r sa.e byUBOLPHO WOLWE.C Heaver street.RETNAkD * ro..PATENT Ht I SEEEBPBB-V RIFT^FiNP AxUBLE IBkBCT POWDER\Aad VERMTN DShrTROTER. The caiy truly reliable article* to •iiarnunale Badbuga. < ro -tonBag*.31..(ha.GardenInsecw.BatsaadMuse. Pnneipal depot 1*7 Broecwav Hoid t»y ail drugjpata.C Y O O A B 9 PIAJSOB.water u i bear uponNEW TOftK. WWW, TOMMa", TOT S, B60,fishing boats, fifteen feet long, without outriggers. Thef* middling Floor active at 16 30 a to 56. Cora dull which the yonng firemen attached to each company first prixe is a champion silk flag and a parse or $20: ser, and came ashore with some forty or fifty dollars in months aad 6 days.Cultx; unchanged sales teaterday. 30© baiea at 10c. wards of fourteen engines oo the ground, and the way mat Sac a TBc. Provatons gate*. Sugar arm. Tobacco exerted taemselves to savi private property a above ail The next race a for amateurs only, six oared boats, and a were entirely empty, and turned inside oat. Ha goldfirm plugs, 2He. a *\i [leaf, ?c a :- froijtii and exchange unalteredOf praae. Tbe steam tire engine was brought to the corner beautiful silver pitcher rewards the victorious boat, alongshirt stoeV and ateeve battons were not removed, how-with a champion flag; the second boat receives a hand-of Fulton and Nassau streets in less than twenty minutesafter tha lire broke outL and as soon as steam couldbe got up began to pour on an overw helming ively become the property of the first and se- puckeia. Bavendam. the person accused of liaving robbed of tb» late Robert Dunbar, of Natehex, Man.some silk American ensign. The third race a for seventeenDdrsAR-^m Sstnrday mornmg, July SB, at one o'clock,tie sf tha Gonial none wal be (or a day iM O B SM I L I T A K TG U E S T * T H E NSW HA VEN.KMMETG C A R D ,O FCORKS, nrRiows. INVERTED 5AILR.Joints, aad all of the fee. vSOnWl WatanOOn «MBBI VtncoBveauenee to d by Br I ACHAEJE. Sartwaa Chiiaawdht, 7S8 Meiers urgeoos of tae s«]r^ BOTEE DOWIVPEB1AI -WTSCBBI AreBaadefrntn a sure aad nc_about double the usual strength at i _ed by only one house m tbe fJahed Rtaua.lowing valuable roots, herb*, Ac vu —fiolomoo's seal, oard. eotnfrey oammonule Sowers, genaan. wildbaik and bayberry.WB CHALLFUGK THE WORLDTC rnowTrv THKIR EQUAL. ,We do not profess to have discovered seme roots only to the Indiana of Sooth America." and a cure for diseases whinh the Sean la heir lo." but we claim totbe public a truly valuable preparation, which esent physician tn the country will approve of aad iAsa remeCy forINClrTEMT CONRrorPTIOK.Weak Lungs. Indigestion. Oyspepna, Disss IBS of Oae BervoaS System Paralysis. Piles. Dneases pernhar to Femaidk D*>bdity, aad ail cases renmrms a trmte they are t*N8CRP AS8EI>.For Sore Throat, so common among the Gerry, they are tre- ly valuable.For area and infirm, or for penons of s wfor Ministers of tbe Gospel, Lawyers, and a i public Ifor Book Beepers. Tailors, i. iiinsiisawa. fSaai'iiSaad all persona leading a sedentary die. they will prove irate beneficial.For Beverage. th»yVare whoietome, umoeaal. aad dakelans to the taste Tbcy produce all die eihillaraiing effeeu at Brandy or Wine, wtthont intoxicating: and are a valaabae re- medy for persons addicted to excessive uae of strong drtak, and wish to retrain from it. They are pure and entirely frea from die potsonr coniaiued in the adukerated W m e s a a d U - cjuors with which the country w S<Kxied.These Bitters, not onlv CURE, but PRETEirT Pi—in aad aboii.d be used by all wbo live m a eounu-v where the waaar m bad, or where Chills and Fevers are ,>r<*raieni. Beiag; eattreif mnoeent and harmlees. they may be eiven freeiv to Chill MO and Infants wtth impunity.Military IntelligentrtheSt.New York military are proverbial for their hospitality to vaitingj*, companies, and the State (Guard, containing, as it 'foes, a first ciass set of soldiers, will no doubt do the -agreeable" on the occasion of the vait of tueirY ankeebrethren. HAMIL TONIB Fulton street. Brooklyn.fchirta,MOODY'S Shin Manufactory, 362 Broadway.i. clock, arriving at Annapoia Roads Saaday atiernoau. a a d ,Personal Intelligence.J Caideron, Esq., of Havana, Is stopping at the UnionP'ace Hotel.Hon. Wm. Kelly, of Rhmebeck; Captain Leitch, of the steamship Cocnaugbt; C. R. Hall, Esq , and family, of Texas, and C.G Shaw, Esq , and family, of Ohio, are stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel.it* tail—just an with libertv and equality "Of weights. graphed by Holmes, No. 396 Broadway only.Photo-R. Brewer, No, 432 Fourth atenue.PHB.UT-*—Op Moclajj, Jdly SO ABH.AIL. widow of thelatf- BeBjamin J. ^hilnplj. ag*d 76 years.The funeral will take pia.v this (Tuesday) aternoon atthree o'cl<*k. f-om the( residence of her son. Jonas B.James nver to Raihmocd and with u ^ care ai Nerioik a a a !'•-nan.omh for all nomia Smith and Southwest.IXiDWORTH'S SFLEJfDID MIUT ART BAMBWill accompany the excursion and remain on boacd during the entire trip.marksofviolencewere roundontheperson of Mo to mdwase foul play. The iWlcWtog artmtei,irhi*imay lead to the identification of the ha^.msre Based la hisof which the following a a copy>-'*IHill, SUcena, Depot.a Hair (atu-r. Hair Dye. I Barchy street, and sold by all Druggaa.rrEE sXttAVOWTBOTWO PATBWTB F t » AXDRB 8ABATDXB, at 1S> Sprmg aowev v t£iaeh»r«B*h Tasaha, suitaba?oelor parkw aad other farak At da* Dwhasar* okera* for aue m the low araaof Miaary as asaaaj raawwed at CI a sat.St lb*, rraareae Family Seal. Sc..,.8ALB-BYpockets—A note, _agree to pay Daniel Camming* Ofty stone ballast now used on the Lucyveltv, inilini. iigajaiiiiililr way, aortheaatino turaing op beamd.290Broad-TA lowPTTLE O f SHOES A X D GAITEBS. A Sar ton for the at McComb s Rosa." (The ahoye note was sat dated.) Aha two Brooklyn forty tickets, three cents htwppem, a10 aad 12 AnaOaBidrowned.'' The body was then conveyed to tne Hill Ccmetry aad placed tn a vault.—._....—........ <CADETS.fellFiXte9 8 .Co.irtirrA, >. . .www.fultonh___a. aa - . . t k i a eaaSrW BaSmaawEnt B\ nEaflana^asarknVa riT**i*Police iBteiliCMM.Amu v at Avnaon A--T** * two Germain, sagged Henrymet atFourth street, when Jager drew a _at twoo'woev,pocket, and naming upon his adveraaxy, **>*•« »i» * t J ^ S h S *the shdomen.kafjrtls, . « „ , — , — ***£M-l I 7 K U ^ ^ „ ^i"ifc»<lay,Ju»T»,WManwannwyomwf1 WilflwrwaW- I •l^JSaaoHmawaf theIkmily,andpkal, while ha ftlant, with aawal• —• •js tag*,,, I ^n-ji^jOkajn*^.On Monday evening, the 2.^ met., tlie Empire City Re go directly we then had a glass of bic" together; he left, Btu.—By drowning at Btsf ShagonFriday,JktytT,gattn Club held their annual mt "eting for the arrangement of the details of their fartfaeeeaiaj regsrss en the Hartemia company with ha wife and another nfnn, and went up Third street towards First avenue he returned to about ton macules aftarwarda. and stated that ha vu> had leftlAh?n, ash of Joseph and BansBaU,aysdISyearsaad« month*.Bis rrniSav were taken to Oreenwood far interment. Whitehall aeaers please copr. BrrHi-sE.—OctheatrrnsonorSaturday,JulySt,mtheat St. Mark's Place Hotel, ennm Jaft Third has; I noticed that he was intoxicated, and said I would to nueaadEighthstreet. Anumberof uVmostactiveand ae-himhome,heconsented,andwewalked downThirdof a moo for amateur oarsmen only, si!being strictly debarred from entering for await She resets af Shewounded man's injuries. Jeter of Maanaawa sareet, (ate Dr. AJsmndern,} withoot ansaThe relatives and Mends oT ate family are raKpectfully invited to ^Skand the fkneral frcm tat hae I III III I , No. unshaken industry must many of oar merchants ia the ..Jan. Tha will aao have the effect of causing amawurs day in investigating the mystery which swrounds the 613 Sixth avenue on Wednesday afteraooa at one n»jln,li, Cof.Lnm.-Oc Monday, Jury SO, brvjorox Cmxoa, agedtorney gave an order to Bra. Beach and Weltie empower- tag them to dTaaaer the body of deceased and make a careful examination of the remam.T- hat for some reason2 v«ar, 11 month* and 14 days.The relatives and friends Df the fntoilv are reapectfdryCO.'Sa Lotteries of Oeorsta —CL^S? 396. JCLT 30. 18».55, 65, 74,-36, 75, 44, 40? 12, 54, 11.HODOEff, DAVIS A <0., Managers, Macon. Georgia.The seat a uae for family sewing.496 Broadway, New York.The Great Kaatera Summer Hats— Straw church.Born to See the Comet, hat mot to Ride on.nvited to attend her funeral, tha (Tuesday) afternoon, attwo o'clock, from the residence of her sister Mrs. L 'The Great Easun-c will connect at Old Paint wtth neater matlT*etJ£: ! «**»lsh.stress towards avenue A; another man joined us BOOHafter we left the saloon, and we all three walked down to-gether: when ere reached the earner of aiiaan A. 1wished the prhaaer good nightJand was going home,wten the prisoner rushed upon me and stabbed me In theabdomen, I now recagnae Adam Jager as the person whoswabbed sas. Garoner Gamble comaaitud the accused to Cefcefc, a the Preahytertan chwrch, Ftflh awenoe.cernerBtr fraads, and those of Bar ada. Bar. Dr. Betbune. and tnaseef her anas.m.iaw. the Bee. Dr. aw3wkrtee,of this city, and tbe Rer. |Dr. paBsnW, of Defrolt, are atTtted to attend the funeral, an Wednesday afternoon at threepreviously exating regumtiena, which allowed pro about tbe oceurreace. The physicans are of the opirnoB CkAraAW EwJanaj en Saaday evening. M r 29, tinto thaA new feature has this yearOf the aquatic proceedings, viz—theiarited to attend the faneral tha (THieeday), afternoon the work of removing the body from its plaae at two o'clock, from the ledrlanie of Si iiiisakililii jfTon the day of his death be had been paid off by the par- JAXB*. infant son of IfttriCk and Wmilred Oaf,aged 4 fromikhpfeaaaatlothet win at oae* tend e»aLtraeesofiwfafle those- ta goodhflaraaing power. W* areever, which is a little singular, considering the cleanfeet working boats, and parses of $2S snd $10 respect sweep that was made of everything that was in ha at the New Tork Hotel, Mrs. iawAH W. DTHBAK, widow Broadway, and aald by r~the second $10, snd the third saves the entrance money. his possession. When found by tbe police his pocketsBis remains were isSerred ia Calvary Onmetery.Dam.—'.m Sonday evening, July SO, Maavp ROBSKT. iniant son af Eliza and Wm. M. Back, aged IS months.father , No 51 Franklin Btreet this at ha|f past one o'clock.!(T uesday)afternoon,' pa* WWTbe r 'atives and fread-- of the tamily, are respectfully Tickets wi" be reatiT oc Treaday a Adam* MJ^rtm t^o_ainvited to attend his ffneral.Ifrom the residence of h a parents corner of Jay find' Concord streets, tha (Tues- day ) afternoon, at three o'clock. His remains will be taken to Greenwood for intermentoffice. 56 Broadway where plana af She. oahUM eaajieSixvasra—Suddendly.at Riverdale, on Thursday, July26, EDWARI"SKYWOTTI. youngest child of Henry M. andCor mformaUOBwihich*maya1adtot**etmvnoanj^Ma nela E. Stevens, aged 2 years and 4 months. Ues will be thankfaily reeetved by gDOLPHOaged 2s vears.M l l w n r d * . Needles. For W h e e l e r eV W i l - There'latives and frieiida are respectfu'Iy invited to at- V'OTIi E TO DRUGGIST*' -STOLEN PROM TrTB DOaa»-easy, perfect at: an turning up behind.No. IS Bond street.Dr. Marsh Contlaaes to Apply HIs Radi- cal Cure Truss wtth •ueeeas m effectrcs permaaent cures ofberma or rupture.Kashton'alions Pills, with direcuoni. way.MARSH A CO., N o 8 Vasey street, N T .MildAperient ur Antl-Btl- No. 10 Aaor House and 417 Broad-Atkineon's Parisian Tooth Paste ArreetnGKHTSTMLSABSU.onlyfhildofDavidM.BMeapson,aged OFomp DROWNED — about five o'clock yesterday after decav of teeth and cleanses them thorougnly. RUSHTON'S, 9 months and a days. - ^ j . , ,_ _- lMClirehagh*sIllaaiv* Wig,amemtlreM«-Hair Dye, Wigstha beat m She world, wholeaale aad reuuL aad the DyepinatoIy applied at No. 6 Astor Ipuae.T WBOLERALE-SBGARS. TERY CHEAP. f A a a A buyers art mvkad la examine. Barrama ruaranteed.feTrTX, BCOBOMICAL AND LUXC FJOCR.Untitled Documenttha cay, by the Rev. Dr. Jasit the fourth avenue FiaahytarMa cfaarak, Wa.to MAS* Law, daughter of Samuel L Hyde, ofThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069PiuBaial atlat'lSdak^Bnafsa? York.* -rr'TUli,^ rATRBY FTBB *_»CTt^LABA^aa^kkkffi. only genamcaeeds aequaown Marina* saerita; ii tenyeamm hasgrant jiiswaad already ha waWener qnalHnas, at hsawjhad kjadskssn. TAB!i l k *Seenappa, bet the arurle w"Oen-.taeTG.-1ATTO OF if^BXA.aaavaa as me nty. It _ it reues ennrely apon tts before the public far aaarry naaratv by "eautioa." The has been dons enSfcntwavy by aasaaaaadnani af ihosetaa*AROMATIC 8CHTJEDAMAttn,to the wand.for oa, aad aottied by as hare:valida. T t e fteki aWndoue-.: Ro rewarS will be gtrea. or pat up weak saladTheenlyrealand a>UTwo lb*. Pearl wait* do, me Oae GlassJar Batamg Craam OB* Caaka M *at. Faaey r One Cake,'......til -»-„.....-...-—.MEAL* A.VT) REFRESHMENTS modrrate chargeSTATEROOM BERTHS O N EFare from New York lo Old Pom:. Norfolkaad Pcruaaewm.SS Fare from N e w York lo Baltimore J Fi.re from Old Point * "omfor* to Annapo'isor BaJlgaor»_ k Eit URSIORIhTS MUST BE ON BOARD OX tWCBftDATand staterooms secured. J. H.1BFORMA TION W ANTED.I understand a large laumher ornumg op Gin under my trade mark. 6."•hnappa. Schiedam Schnapps a a d Ai a i i h iT A TE8,S e c .«aVAJIT> 841BABB AMD PIOOOLO. ^TME' MA NUF ACTUBJBD.WAREBOOM8, SSS kkOADW AS.Tl GREATEST REMEDY I? THE WORLD PO' g gCM. rcomplaint*i Dr.'BIAH' 1Dtarrbow.amidysenterya«\j;—"££?£Aj2t "r rfufalh. Warramed perfectly maoeeal Jto take^ OBlyai«nta. Sold by aU taa druggaa. Depot SS,aawsmcniOn* Cake L*aadrylOaa Cake Orrh Tonak Boap............. I One Cake Waavm Ok Shavtag away J Yil a oraar «• mwodv^e the proawettooa of ear iogerfartka invoice, forI b*vethetr ardrCMa taw •watiad aaaaae ea k t A a j o a a ordejaai froaScant I mt kaaaajj.Wm—1MbOwsI•!• Kaaat gg-Hjaaf cajBtkaaaw^n IsUi.MewTorkTar^-Wawk-On8ondayant.Jniy19.at31.PsnTg95.il nnn ruu\ JHistory.com 