 ^.>piledcan extend to the public Summer deck loads for a Fall passage ; but to both tides, wbetber the young lady alluded to was arelation of Mr. Boaoa, and they could not Inform aae"and has had the effect to gire more confidence in businesa circles. Thaof the country loudly denfanded, the recur- rence of these yiolent scenes, it is needless tovasion, issued an address, ascribing that out-wholemajorityof thela «k*- t^it ipiiijIll^tWllm— ibtcitr iiwpoUceman, fiw lalae arrest and fmpriaonment In the Court of Oyer and Terminer, a bill of ex-London, or any city where newapapers aredi8patcbek4l Us own office,—ai^•mcMUlw •taste <»»<<•^,--_Philadelphia Bankaaed no particular sur- the rates manifest si HI ruling low, 103®105today was fidse.they"'-"- ^MltffB AM)*"-"*veryfreelyacknowledgedthe duty of Republicans everywhere to exer-These facts are well known to andentitled to their choice. So far as the District-Attorney, who have both given CoLMAnasUllUvealiere. andlsa hale and taaat^,I* M^mt kit eomftiuatum.Sing. In the case of a prisoner, Qbiin, Judge trammel free and indepebdent journalism in no disposition to complain. Many men a criminal to change his patronage from one Sveeial Oerraspendaaee of the H*w-Tnk Ttaaa*. BtssxLL delivered a novel decision, which will befor Breadstuffs, from shippers, waa decidedly more ^jfffitt^fK r Ma^Tay active. Wheat and Com advanced. Hay, Hops,tbongb venerable man. Titere alao raadas hara a hope jolly old Francbman, Damed Baamiaa, who cMaa their efforts to put down this parent-source of the booor of havtag built the int dwaUing arar twA-yiY.T.A«ri^|toU*BE^pIlTniQ nX4TBK-Taito interfere with theirenjoyments.ied In Chicago, wban that popaloua Cltr, now aoatWr isg over 100,000 Inhahltanls, was Ukawlte the abode of theiedmaa.Tha pro«pect of the eoaamemjaiueut etjibe giaat trial to-day has attracted an anosoal mndkar ofTts-^ JSKUSOua't Divaa- EAiBSOKa JiOi—Thi DnmMetsla, Oils, Fish, Hemp, Spices, Molaaaaa, Bice and Tobacco, were quiet The freight engage- ments were more extensive, bat rates were lower.The Outbreak in Kansas.The public will do well to resume a habit much practiced three or four years ago, of dis-der solemn obligations to discharge them in the spirit 9f conciliation and with a sincere de- sire to harmonize conflicting interest?, and re-Beceivers of Stolen Goods.From whatever cause arising, it is an un- doubted fact that has been ex-iiMiiii iiijyears'nm MACTHosarvoox. TRa Fna.They have taken npon themselves the respon- Coffee and Whisky, attracted more attention. sibilities of the Government, uid thegr are un-we are dispositionthe matter much attention.' k CAMPBELL* Hmrfa Balooo— Ulnaunuiana.countingsixty perprofessionsArctic,Edinburgh,CA^AI«*fB««*-''o-Vw^'Jnitinoat importantscreen the real aggressorsthe Southern States,that the Repub-jjjj-j,^OFJCH^iajunior lawyers employed the case, rnpiriiiilliig>u»aM k Koaaaa' Onoaa.store confidence and| peaceto the country.great difficultyfor the last three or fourIKT—jABTti* Couacnoa.bed in the ^village will haw about two rMmaats some the Baltic. The Golden Fleece, which took Indeed to this I most attribute a somewhat aerloaasea—WaiTiooa'a I*aa QAiuaT DAY.Granada ran upon a reef, she at once filled^UUaRAnateneit by them are represented to bethe hour at whichthefamilyrest,Mr. BaoTinira, counsel for Mrs. Buaca, stiggested that the Court might provide a more convenient roomaroom of tha fur hoiding the trial citable Itoldtng;counsel, wiinetses and jurors.tenger,reported.;state of excitement and apprehen-and all such other information as may be ne-cessary. These cases are known to the Police"the ointment rubbed by the wandering der- vise on the eyelids of the blind beggar of Bag- dad. Henownot only sees, but sees more clearly than other men, and has suddenly be-tetldt^irMbMjdoiuapfl Aeaamea are being taken by them to de-can find in the Ter- the'Federal Courts, and plunder the land-offi-Press exhort the South to place not the WhocanMaaHnadves irith vigor.IhepiWiUil action of the Government wiU render'nyty idefence unnecessary.Messrs, Liscolm and Hamlin, the Presidentpublic reception in the parlor of one of the hotels. Hr.HahlimandSenatorTbumbullwill leaveto-morrow for Washington.By the steamship Bienville, which arrived atand the receiver, who em- winthen sell his information to some confidential burglar for a smaU per- in advance on the amount of possibleCourtintimated secure a larger room.aneffortwouldbemadetaarranging t.,TtieConsiderable delay then—.—.^ TAaMnUiT ft«m further occnpatioaofwboae ntmea he hMaoitiia. jfiic wrinc that <*** Ml',oftt. -B«»l of B«4h.r. 'J 'oftheJodaee' salaries, was proonlcated, and ia aWhoewbUabed. In the Marine Court onetannaofackuuwtjitsil tntiaiBeywithnotorionsleceiTeisofitolehgoods.Theofficersofjustice It ohaues excuse themarives oi^the plea that these re-TM0»«BA^ThBb« tho« who wish to take ,««.dSJhS«cSrl«d$MOa,.tort Levy, receiredoffice ,t th« Ab«A.-_ -. L^^^T**--**wlU comm eaeat^nonn^waa aettled ud a auy of proceedings inikeSundayTheatrecaae. Ttiecase*of t<i>CMWt. MTTtd t MX the indicted Harbor-masters came on. Mabmchaame moral as indi- icaponaibiUtyvataiable Information with reference to robberies, and it is quite true thatceptions (rantedheld to theand modifies dispatches whichreach it ot stim-ceiversoftentaipartJeweaa" oaMoadayand decision reaerved. In the Court of General Sessions there was quite a va-Ja„thoughhigher, Tennessee and other State Securities 39S have also that it isVcent,up; New-TeACentral,76.ceiver gets warningany pro-Federal officials on the south- this, they will doubtless make war upon allSouth ? Whatmeasures, so long as the entire Democraticperpetrated bypossible goodcanRepublicansthe Federal officersIt is to be hoped that ritory, and if not prevented, will break up est confidence in such promises ?and even retalia- oandairftbe City Cluunberlain. The motion was tion and reprisal, may not answer in thequite journal,gatingingruin in itstrain,until thebrandywith;know either of the parties in theknew some »<"' ofcarried. The Comptroller tranamitted a statementof the receipta of the Sixth and Eighth avenueBailroada for tiie months of July, August, Septem-ber and October. In the Board of Councilmen, air of the prairies, where it will be likely to spectr B«urchn; came ir"Srthe contract for the removal of Coenties Beef was coocoiTed in, at the sum of $18,760—the work to he finished in one year. A communication was re- ceived from the Judges of the Court in re-make multitudes of armed converts.The obvious duty of the Executive is to in-;We, therefore, hope for the best, while brac- Sm re^ the defendant's answer;had no optniMSuperiorlation to the lack of accommodations for thatanice into tbe grievancesthese menWe submit that it isworst. PROCEEDINGS Aanaeawota.The Committee'sitalwment of various matters pertaming to the dif-much commimities.perfectlynote which the jurenllescould be adaiWed, reiterating the$lltJgU.report contained ation, especially as one of the most strikingdamagedorseThe attendance was good, yet as mighthave beenexpectedIssued."large rally questionquitefrom the charitablebefore the »fas whether Mia. jury com-,0^1^ Jb>T>tiie result ofnearly three hours' policy so shameful there is still time for theit injuresmost,uncle, occasion,^^' « jbrPresident to save us. strengthentoitaadvertisingcolumns. Solongastastefully atiir«d that thehavebeenamost onetothe Mrs.BaowK.showingdePJ^cents damages. Mr. Smith, the plain tiSV at^or eonnael, made himself the hero of a BtU^ UflwiiB, for which the Judge called him riin^ to aeeoontwhenBdech gave reasonsJ^.Chamben ef the Supreme Court, Justice I.s-on the secession questionconfusion so much, the bench who insists on the necessitypany^^/igAit yeateiday H«iifcompel-whichnot inferential,proofvisitedrefused an attachmentHe held tliat the Committee shouldof ". appdntedkeeps itself before the public, andentitled to the luxury.The Heralds course during this politicalthis vital point shall take not only^'X K^^er'^-»l-''0"b.roreilirstby the Common Coun action of the two Boards.magnifies its credulousInstitute,rightbottle and utter shamelessness are allowed to finish Besides this, we have very little re- what champagne and' the glittering sophistriesthe county 22yeanwas a roan of family;,of, and to redress tbem.itinjurespaperisonlyNArsavnxB, Nov. XLtheyslight-the Constitution, desires to disarm or allayyesterday, at Chicago. Today they will have a cause of Slavery, and who are therefore sus- imputing to the Republican Administration centagecome convinced of theiniquityIn the conduct of these hostilities indi-ces.and Vice-President elect, met for the first time viduals obnoxious for their activity in the the disunion movement, while it persists infor couni»el and within the bar.lepurterzjin the drcumscritjediofaction ofand which the whole party designsceived his aid in to attemptingpbt through."— was a farmer atheThis is probably the entire scope of the busi- If our Democratic fellow-citizens desireslaves;——heard in Court bum tbe counselbad formed nopromptingpectedGovernment, may be -roughly handled. denies and repudiates ?HelivedaboutthreemilesdistantvigoirouspurposesReceivers of Stolen Goods also employ retired criminals of the;knew uuthlug whatticipating therefrom great danger to the perpetuity those who live the diabolical business of lieves that Mr. Lincoln has anyof the Dnion. From Venezuela, we learn that the by sympathy and finally the blandishments of abandoned"Ja-" if truth or justice of Uie case.forthwith" a bill of items, prepared ;" J. A. Galusha was next examdiinsetdantby wMars.a Vfara-tered them, but not altogether crushing theirpower to rally again. A decisive campaign wouldbe undertaken during the current month by the apprehensions with which the South regards then, to the South. Let them show half thecould speedily check the apprehensions from a conflict between men who have persuaded which the cotmtry is sufiering so profoundly.had nowas perfectly indiffer^•,poitanee.Brown, of Athensmeans, assert that such will be the course either of you converted with Mr. Brown, of AthensAlderman Bbadt presented a resolu-which exists not to protect, but to plunder,We have received a great many communi- them for a "fewdays, bywhich time hismay reporting progress"; If he had talked with hlmha not know him. _tion directing the Joint Special Committee ap- prosecute and madden them, is justifiable;Ferry type, and thus give substance to the from his Administration. Let them say so,ears had heard nothiiig of the case ;;(^ta^themselvesbad heard ;Buipa4of defence,courts of the enlightened East,opendid notandbut it has amazing strength in the broadschoolsabundant day, that we have never the {5* every3?d"Tot^no^M^c'ommt ^ard nottdngofthe remonstrance of theCourt, and saying that unless better accommoda- quite time the Kansas people shoald no longertiOD are provided soon, the business of the Court be into subjection like a society of day of its existence. It has lived and pros- thy or influentialcan to weal- afftqrdCourt, anaweringwhich legal technicalitiescriminals. It haa even TBISupremewill have to be suspended. scourgedAt the meeting of the Commissioners of Char-ities and Corrections, Mr. DCAFia, the President of ing the horrors of a dragonade to the inevious the Board, submitted the annual estimates for the calamities of the Territory, would be a re- aupport of the institutions during the coming yearthe amount required being $699,375, which is a finement of barbarity which all civilization ^aciaaae upon the estimates of last year of most regard with amazement and condemna-AT TBS ACADXMT OVMcsic—Th%AcAriemy of Music, where Gaiianioa and among them waa Mlaa Faasv Botoa, aaleceordrunkenhelots. Toselectthiscrisisforadd-pered by feeding every flame that accident or to be said that, under the blessings of an elec-design might kindle in the community. It has tive judiciary, no admirer should fail to class nsi caroUed, saw another sight"Inatitutions under their contrasts of the spectacle would be a sympa- charge.confidence men orBcacB, is the particular Instance named in tbe plaint,hadbeenunfaithfultothemarriagevow.Spf^tt"Bie CTtm. con. case of Brown m. Davison thetic people pouring food and clothing intowaa concluded yisterday in the United States the0lMft Cenrt. After the closing address of Hr OjijilN and the reply of Mr. Tkuman Smith,from thieves,Tat of evidence fu "Territory, to save their fellows from per- ishing, while the Government would be pour-goodsCourt could not say what class/odM bBIPKa*b delivered an exhaustive charge, ing in troops to exterminate them. From a sought— forbythepublic andtheverywe have it is safe to say parent, one aunt to depend solely on the Police, who are natural interest cases of that moral level which is known Uttle performersPTM?fii 7"to',„ Irrelevant,out.The c«msel thenread a porUon onhemerchaats and others, whom^liMn^ca, returned a verdict against the defend its hands for evU by contributiiignotattaintedevidence andforthis ;andonewhowouldfeelaand attend. The must thiaefore be ruledcomplaindoing now surround themselves with all thedefencesI14mm-jpiu(i»- n IWI^«W .11^" '^jftiiJ" »-..«i •a*old enthndaan-wkleh greeted tbe «ui.— John a office, altbotigh it paqpMpte hare been to allay it.-'^ad that is precisely what it al-w~ J^IJJ?TM"'»* ••"•J^te«MaddrMtAirriTiDouAM. otherindictments,riety of cases, and one or two aentences to Sing couniry have outgrown the prejudices which the public like it, we have no right and of^j^ictating. It is a very dangerous step foraction of the Banka on the news of tha auitheeverything in his power credulous the next when find that tween officers of justice and the main patrons lilar saloons and the MillardIt Ik* efaorcaaa,Umlaaar- -rooma, kareiaMiiitaaih-£> E» Foreignthe wholestoryButof guilt f In nine cases oat of ten the re-tloned, but it has likewise, %» 1 leare upoa t 'pri'te.more steadinaaa.and bring the public mind into a proper moodthey repeat this dance as often as the HereUd chooses togradually they iiiiailslliiii ofGetnaiw. The towa la liketheselittle excitements,expensiveas dantopportunitiesfortheremovalofsuspi- CoLNAFix,whosettledherastentthirtyyaanstaoe,:sometliing from the coming wreck, and are in-resultssay inevitable ebaracteristica of UaeIeveryday felt sensibly the esday afternoon, andofthe Baltimoreand ofmovement, andtion, sacrifice their property in order to save profit). But what—of this intimacy be-metropolitan title. Not only 1^anything.TheHeraldInsists that weInthisalways employsinsimilar emergencies. Ifhisbootyonsnchtermsas areinthehabit th^«wmectlon with the secession move- and inhuman. In order to place the subject have been created, to a very great extent, byMMtpfe of a tnandal character. It is annoanced in a perfectly just light, it may be well to re- the interested misrepresentations of the Demo- Police, both these officers having on all occa- It will be remembered that the Connaught that I credited the statement of persons notpropadyuimaiiytoor the GeneralPhiladelphia, state the facts. cratic Press, and of prominent Democratic sions manifested the most eager and active began to go to pieces in an ortiinary sesrway, informed,papers. While legiettlagand'falfarwilig the lead of those of BichmODd and Balti-I am that no name was maoti<aed. glad'Miltll^ Baska of WashingtoaThis moTement is generally commended in the locali-punishmentare the parent-sourcesBiraoa waa present, sitting bf his counsel, while Mr. CoBiiDio sat Imt a abort distance from him. Nearly all of the aimy'of counsel was present, aad the Itttte Court-room waa quite crowded with the speeialot* andmon, ha-»e suspended specie payments.she was justly entitled to be, and as the peace tee, immediately after the John Brown in-of the fire whileto pieces! Now we have itea»ed, however, that the G^wernor will con-regularly by apprentices up of the United States.«ipiwomajj5epksaed^meettheexigency. Onesuspea-thn TidgiilatTira in order tkat a special lawwhich has prevailed from the moment the fail- Their journals were not admitted into thewhich honest men earn their bread. The the fire got the upper hand. Here is a com- swered to their names.CourtorderedthatfourmoreHad Kansas been admitted to the Union, as politicians. The Fiflh-avenue Hotel Commit- desire to secure theof this class in addition to which she was burned out by At the opening of the Cknirt this aflamoon, Hr.believe that the President's Washington organ,as ploysput-up jobs,"that ensuedindui port yerterday, we ha.Te received late news ness. It is not a warfare for the liberation of peace, let them aid us in procuring it. Let confidence class to obtain the ear of young derman from the Fifth District. His motion, five daysttSia Ctibe, Venezuela and Mexico. The death of Mr. Wtman, one of the editors of the Cuban Mea-no invasion of Missouri is, we pre- them sacrifice for the moment something of—clerks in large and wealthy stores the which was adopted without debate or division versation;;seducers frequently spending many weeks and considerable sums of money in the task of corrupting the morals of their selected vic- tims. "Theatres are visited, late and costly suppers taken, rich wines are allowed to flow,Constitutional forces continued to pursue the fac- manufacturing firebrands, to represent the with the John Brown invasion, or that the tibmats, defeating them whenever they encoun- affair as an Anti-Slavery raid of the Harper's South has anything to fear in this directioninitselfaverysuspiciouscircumstanceaidid not know either of theit will simply begin and their partisan rancor, and disarm the hollow famishes a variety of interesting news and gossip end in a quarrel with the agents of the cruel but fatal terror which pervades the South.iouisOurcorrespondentatHavana sume,contemplated;from Havana. The Spaniards appear to be greatlyinterested in the results of the Presidential election policyin the Unit«l Slates, and are not far wrong in an- tion. It will, of course, suit the purposes of that famous Fifth-avenue Address, now be-last until after thefat met—a man of had heard of tha family; nothingwhichis onbytheAdministra- Weventuretosaythatnotasinglesignerof urgedlay wliich may very likelyDecember election. The members of thepanese Committee are ordered to present w hat he heaid in the room ; had no opinion as to thepolitical era. On the con- alacrity to serve the country now, which theyeverything,day evening.It isjust possiblethat, at theAmbToteVan Atmaj—He had lived in the county nine years;Government against the factionists. It is con- thefirmed from Mexico that Mibahon is no longer trary, however, it is a contest between a bad evinced to serve their party then, and theyGagerrii liillt. end that he left the Capital on the 1st inst. The countiy is In a most distracted condi- tion. BoBLis haa taken Mibamon's place.The Board of Aldermen met last evening, but at only for a short time, doing no business of im-leof them in readinessof the In the suithad never heara mmrapproachingperiod named, the Special Committee may came from Chemung county, N. Y. did not know ;Administration and a people badly governedreport required;;put up at the New-York Bruf t;that resistance to a Governmentthe schemeand not against the prob-;pointed to receive and entertain the Japanese Em- and that extreme is better than to see cations denouncing the Herald for its sys- friend" will have received a remittance en- anybaasy, to report in detail the items of expenditure tematic endeavors to aggravate the existing abling him to release and restore them. Byincnrred by them in that reception and entertain- their famishing families driven forth from theirment, at tlie next meeting of the Board. It was firesides at the beginning of a pitiless Winter. sectional and financial excitements of thedon't know lilm.(for Mr. Burch)—Said they wouldadcqitad. dlactaargelogic duces thewhich from suchanticipations; wa.-^ a farmer; resided inThe same Alderman also moved for the Theof the Committee appointed for investi- ttie security of the City deposits in thede- country. We must decline to publish them.of;evil to the Board of Aldermen. Our receipts from them of this commodity are soand Mr. Daniel WUtan wasThe Panlc-makers.;Monday eveningthemselves to "ing for further delay. We do not, by any Mr. Vm Arman—{to the other three jurors)—HawsTas much as we can do tomanage without undertaking,, in ad- dition, the management of our neighbor's.—Resided tenmiles d IttantIt is our ownVootvubix w«It baa done eTeorthlng ioito power tpfatenMpLttiaiiioatMraieiMU fUMm of wnmg-doen toXttbutf,It-la* limantiMa fcotp^Agt^aeTldeiicf that it waa cowmM i* <ke Herald and has nttaily soppreased every Cact tending that many mei^i(|Kt«f the ^^ice foroe are onand sevwml flC the .nogsM«-., ««cr2i ^^»^^ isasc:falKJioodezacierated the fteta tendinK to taewstt< by telegraph BM^Mhiiigton. In ways doflfc Si^ftbricates pretended tetographicTlduala, a journal which(Satf-WMklrX-TBUa D(»^ fect therein. Motion to quash waa made in the never aflerwarda be quoted as attthorlty for but these are the tricks and devicea which it any thief who may have refused to sell them Tke TirtU Caaraaeaeed—iBiWBBeltBctkafrom otherwas acquitted on one indictment, by reaaon of de- such an imposition upon ita readers, would ulating the excitement of the public mind,— theyahonld perpetratequarters,for theTHB BVKCHUITOKCB —SeaMtrkaMe Icaoraaee af ika CwLfound in our law ccdanm. Waltib A. Stobia, the Old World. Judged by its own standard, enjoy getting up in the morning and of these harpies to another, the deserted "mer- NArianuJt, III.. Mnoday, Nov. it, Hm.who obtained m4taey,a few months since by an it is undoubtedly right. appeal for charity in the Tntn, pleaded guilty ofobtaining money under &lae pretences, and aen-being satisfied from reading the Herald chant" invariably Uying" some trap to The adjonmment of the Burch trial from Satar-that the whole is on the of secure the detection and conviction of those day until to-day, at 3 P. M., left your correspoadaBt country verge to a Sunday seelntfcm to t£ia quiet dty. I say eity,ruin. They go- down town in utter consterna- offenders by whom he can no longer hope to because, although In one of my letters It was laibsMtence waaThe Money MarketPoUtical Panic. alreadyadmittedtheseriousauspended.We haveacter of the secessionchar- dutyarethenatural—wemight andlibeledasavillage,iti*.nevertbelaaB,^'tt^^\wlih theThecitizentodoallay public excitement, North and South,metropoUtanIn advance ofon London for Bank and Bankers' bills. Stocks for canvassing the question on its merits. We fiddle the tune, and come to posed descent on Ills premises, and has abun- hotels, and a pop«ilatloD of nsarly >,ea>, |land iiere when thaTrade. Heavier sales (tf Flour, Wheat, Com, Bre, cise a magnanimous forbearance alike in their truth. This is a free country, and they are the General Superintendent of Police and to were (tlU raaaglBg In Hfae toraata aad oa tha ptalcuaA lemarkable improvement occurred in GeneralPork, Beef and Cotton, were effected. The demand discussions and their acts, upon this subject.they are, a good deal better than the simple certainlyciousgoods.pninptailydaerallndUaa-'-*-•some1 (» FWI AXT8, Mo. «K Broadway—Do«- a repetition of the drama which at that time restoration. They know that nothing has ^ound guilty and sentenced, in one or two ton, with all on board, ip the North Sea or in public mind as to the real aierits of the Bnrsh. ease.laaioruaDB" eAi-LBRT, No. CM Broadwaj-Taa "C«- 'Piotuaa.OQCPIL'S GALLKRY, Ko >7» Broadwaj—Adam abb Ka»—Taa TaHfTAnon aks thb AxruLstoa.cent,ofrumorscom- theNortharesincereintheirandofthetheBiiriiiiiiii ITITinConnaughtwe ha.ve itors. Mine bast .>f theUs three coaches to the dfpM to bring op tha laayava,others as well as npon them. If the Democrats of this City andBut duties devolve: uponSince the loss of theintelligence of the loss of the Granada at Sanure of its original policy became inevitable. Southern States. Southein newspapers cop-jeatgt9l$H'K'^ ^ *^ Faimera' and Hechan- In renewing this Summer its attacks on ibo ied only those articles which gave support to by hanger, will not trench on the collateral ships. Either working to pieces or a contin- The Coort asked if the gentlemen proposed to im-^t«.'tMk<yliM in Charleston, South Carolina,pickpocket, exceptwheniea> WMifc. Ja Tliginia, further suspensions Kansas people, it has sought the occasion, of the slander, and any man who should attempt, branch of highway robbery. The confidence- ual fire nobody would object to, of course, but pannel the jury this afternoon ttook place in ,Korfolk, -Portsmouth and all others, to inake ita injuries profoundly felt, at tiie South, to correct it, was branded as an man, who does his business by means of false both at a time is a littie too risky as a gener- Mr. Tax AaHAa<for Mr. Bnos) aakad if fha Coort f^lMelliif. From Boston we leain that shoald the and to excite popular resentment to the wild- Abolitionist and banished from Uie State. checks, looks down with profound contempt al rule. We have heard of ships that do not would decide on any of the mottons pending TMMrgency laqniie it, the Banks there propose to est pitch. The season has been big with Thus was the foundation laid for that absurd on those who the ofto work open in a heavy awell ; it will Judge Noaros raid he had not had tloie to daddaWaeceaaion, are now llady contradicted on the very population not only without the means of life, Now, what can be done to remedy this evil,pursue occupationbeginThe be remembered that the North American haspass-the condition of the Cabinet on the question of famine upon the track of civil war, leaving the at the bottom of the Disnnion movement. horse-thieves and river-thieves have no affini- twice gone at nearly or quite full speed up- classes of depositions. As to tlie claas relaUng to a-theextentoffive millions. Thesen- sation diapatchea published in this City relative tothe submitted, but (aid he questions"Urn Willimisery. The failure of the crops brought dread of Republican ascendency which is —counterfeit bank-bills for aup=nallwell aettle nowadgh^as question on thn*beat authority. There may be, of course, differ- but without the means of their and who can do it t Not the ences of opinion relative to the right of a State to redeeming"ties while the door-vamishers" and;burg-on the rocks near Cape Race, andwithoutthen for furniture, grocery aad botdwi^ pcnditures apparel,with bOltforMr.Binca'stamily,theqoestioBwas,wheUiaraaceds, but the propriety of the President's course homesteads, should Government press the they can add no new disclaimers to those al- their positions as exists between AldermentlieyitfcMieickic his own views, wlU not be questioned lands into the market This, of coarse, Oov- ready given,—nor would they receive the and City contractors. But at the head of allVrMT<^u>et o£5ceT. An evidence of the factemment persists in doing.tbe anageatioa of Gov. BspwN in a apecial Mes-agaTiral poceed to choose Presidential Electors. ple, seem only to confirm the determination of every just and fair concession to Southern in-Soutix Carolina maintains her extreme position of the President to carry forward the sales, thus terests and apprehensions. But all such as-boatility towaids the North, one evideitce of which adding to the terrors of starvation the loss of surances are scouted. No Southern paper may be seen in the announcement that all theiBit'ueoiBiaclasses,plan-in the day of success, and garian^1be found in the factremonstrances, and the mostmoderation—conservatismontherocks. These show the causes of disaster, plain-is not disposed to blindly follow thethesening, purchaserssea-way,of49o*th Carolina, mayThey promisewentallto comparisonseloquentAril iteliaglalatUTe of that State to-morrow, at ments of the poverty and distress of the peo- scrupulous regard for Southern rights, andpiecesmight tend to show whether Mr. Bnaca was parsi- monious or Mrs. Bubch extravagant, and as to thawhich reach Charleston on years of labor and self-denial, and of the scan- copies them, imless as evidence of the salu- board the ateamers from the Northern ports are tily provided homes they had so perseverlngly tary terror which the disnnion movementknow to be thealeerage paaaengeistheyproceedscrime,These ships are represented by the correspond- u&e the case, and should, therefore, be excluded. As to the class of depusiUons relating to Air. Boacafs ents of tiie English papers to be the same as business, and the exceptions to various iaterrogaio-sent back. Ueantime it ja atated asstrikes into the Northern heart. Not a soli-—journaljmnadiateiyan intareatiiig fact, in our Wasbington dispatches, ttiatab census returns have l}een leeetved from t1i«t Btrto tVj having all been withheld.struggled for.The most urgentstate-slightest credit for any they might put forth.—aas advisers at the time ofRoyalTo thised the evictions in the southern counties far as we have seen, has had the fairness tomoreries, the Court would rather have time to coa-otennastering grievanceis to be add-taryDemocraticNorth or South— sothe business in which they are engaged to quality.That is all.sider. As to the objections to Mrs. Tahhiu'saswat prompt and effectual meaaures to put a we see how far the responsibility of these ex- showing his exact position on all the con- keep steadily—The Jafanxsx Items Coming. ^We observe ter, the q'lekUon was whether the Commisslooer vasThe Admimatration seems to have taken the where the outbreak is presentandttepaaee and safety of the people of Kansas and cesses is to be attributed to the insurgents, troverted questions of the dayi^itifgoid to the new troublea which now threatenof menced to question the expediency of payingprevailing;publishextracts from Mr. Lincoln'sspeeches,properly authorized. Was the Commissioner aotlioff- that Alderman Bradt has at length com- ized to swear an Interpreter ? It teemed to the Ck>uft that the Coaimirsioner had no right to swear an in- and Lh<tt, thertfure, the deposition of Mrs. VANNiaa aas not legally taken. Perfaap* if the aaawera of the witness had been taken down by the Cooimis- slouer, in tbe French language, the Court could the his seat jn the honorable body of which he is have authorized a translation, althoiuh then tha would aiise whether tbe Commissioner an ornament, would seem to have had upon could legally swear a witness tlirougfa an interpcater.Southwestern Missouri The President yesterdayreceived a dispatch from Judge Whhams, ac-quaintiDg him with the alarming atate of affairs,and orders were immediateW transmitted to Gen. eoMiBT and his followers will if possible pre- it possible to allay the excitement or appease and make charts of the premises tothe Japanese bills without scrutiny. proachofelectiondayandhisdesiretoretainthe countrr in tha .afaortest possible time, of;retires tohis political vision the same miraculousand we are also made to understand the exact While those who alone have the ear of thehowisHarnct to take the most effectual methodcf rid- vent the sales, and put a stop to the outrages the indignant resentment of the alarmedaimandextentofthemovement.ThatMont- Southpersistinthisflagrant injustice,or larcenies can be committeddingibe OitlrderoaslIansoiZBTand bis Jay-hawkers.TtjaMwie of thsTportkn of Missouri more imme- em }>oundary, is to be anticipated. To do do by pledging themselves to conservativeeffectwhich is attributed in the Arabian Nights to excluded.Republicans,forlars have just as much difference betweencrossed the ocean,!It is thethese to discover whfere profitable burglariesof vice commenced.who expects to accomplish anything by It is not to be wondered at that receiversshould be able toaiBguu—*m.e-n—t o—f moaonsleast need of drawing against future invoices. the case'but counseell's jrfVo-r<jUSvf<!TM^ StaS*for the judgment of any man'h»ekard of the factsknewlIt was a suiUtwM_a for^vOTcejdenunciations of the Herald, so longreceives the support of the very parties whom in a business so profitableOF THE COURT. rOIJBTH DAT.most. Thatprecisely what it has been doing from the firstHow Sensationsexpected, the reported rupture of the Cabinet If our business men enjoy being made the vic- these natural difficulties, place a judge uponno to interfere. as ark Chkatxd.—Just as we the case, we have dispositioneyes, even to the earshad not the sound beenandgeneralboGota the Special Committee uf the Board by which our enterprising neighbor the Herald lives only by creating them, they are certainly knowledge," aiid that the juryturns out to be adi» attendance.of the City Chamberlain as a pure fabrication. It was one of the devices as to lead them to aupport* newspaper absolute,yearstaa ^ ,jj,, Mary SpauM-in theHcToauisoa last atfamily evening, Cooperwas attendedBhigtog of Jour and Abu awakened somethingitsi-ff the wae Court, before Justice readers. Our Washington correspondent has panic has been neither better nor worse than guessed how difficultnllS-^caJ^'-^^'^Sl^ .«,«..jdntt|V tttttUiti^ iojonction eiqoining Corn-and thorny ispathbyabouttwothousandpersons.-- jfTTlTimportanceeyesofThe of thethe authority of three members of the Cabinet,tims oftwocomplainant; 'iff ^prosecutorbymentary on the Mtity of traveling in cheap The desperately pressed moned.jurors be sbb-ingUving.asanytime theManyof thegreatwe have the concerned, not slightestLet uslarceny may meet with more cooperation from the bench aller next Ist of January.Iioss of Oeeaa Steamers.thespy,booty, makingof that course which a majority of his official brethren haveportionjusticeof the Connaught we wish particularly to refer. to tbe Superintendent without referencewhoof larcenies—afamily large burglariesther that malignant spirit of persecution, of such a charge were unheard and unheeded. master-workmen as are the regular avocations away from the fire to stop the leak, and so The list waa then called, and eighteen aa- jurorstiea immediately interested,fiodu of Baltimore yeaterday diaconnted to the say, would have been absolutely prevented. that it was in strict conformity with its pur- in the stores of those who afterwards dis- first, that she "worked open in a dreadfultfimmtofnearlyamilliondollars,andthemer-But the AdministrationhavingacceptedtheandThe entire Democratic " of the last poseofthebooty. way onthewholethatjury.At the opening of tbe Court the Sheriff was directedrage to the Republican Party, and assertingcommittedbeingpre-arrangedpassage,dnnts were correspondingly relieved. The sus- dictation of parfy^nther than of the popular Press echoed the calumny. And nothing was It is, perhaps, not generally known to the fire was " continually breaking out even on Tbe Court complied with the request of Mr. BiBE- peaaioii^of the Banka in Philadelphia was on ac- will, and postponed the admission of the new more natural than that the South should be- public that the criminal mode of life is divided the previous voyage," from a defective super- WRB. that tbe commission should issue to take tbs onrbttiF* van commaoced upon themt and is in State until after the Presidential struggle, it lieve it. The indignant protests of the Re- into castes and profession8,a8 distinctly marked heater, and that when the vessel began to break testimony of Mr. and Mn. S. A. OonOLAa, wherevar diicct cabtimTention of a State law. The hope ia has had an opportunity to prosecute still fur- publicans against the falsehood and injustice and followed and a littie faster than usual.all hands were called they may be found in any of the Statai or Terrttorisaposesplans.tocallthenamesofthejurorstnaunoned.of offenders,goingby good authority from the engineer of this ship, that she showed signs of weakness atin the hour of receivers of stolen goods.actually purposeperiencedobtaining convictions against prisoners ckargedwith receiving stolen g(x>d8. Some few of Francisco,PretraptloaBooaadlaiiatekaiofaing trom Kansas. That we are on the eve of desire for peace, they are boimd to aid in its the petty order of jnnk-dealera have been the iloicovo, the Thor, and the Viscount Lamb- And yet I find there Is conaiderabla Ignoiaaea oa thasoprehend. The opening scenes have much thesamecharacter. Asthen, theprovoking pre)iensionwhichpervadesthemassesasto largerorderofcriminalsengagedinthetrade alsoreportedmissing. Asfarasweknow BvacaisallegedtohavetakenimproperUttertieswtthagitatedcountryap-cases, on possibilitiescertainly admittingof their innocence. But with thethethere is reason to'contributed more to the state present unhappycauses originated at Washington;as then,.ofthieves andkeepingthememployed,of things at the South, than the entire misap-the place of the Connaught on one voyage, iserror into which I waa betrayed, in speaking of Mrs. BcacB'B defence. I was mistaken in stating that Mr.the principles and purposes of the Republicanprop- bis own nelce. The young lady with wtiom he isevidencedue allowance for the risks.— examined by Mr. Van Armau. counsel for Mr. Burchshake down whatever remnants of integrity the young clerk may stillwomen are employed totreasure in his bosom. While this process isand" then to have said biU if not prepared,"Arman—Resided about fuur mil s;going on, the seducer payshas the art of appearingnatured fellows in the world." Little by litt—for "of is unfolded proposed robbery,was the next juror examined by Mr."merely having to take the goods and pawnpossible,in fact it will be no robbery at all," the clerkbad .ta nothlagof Mr.did not hawv-...—these arts hundreds—weof young men have been lost to careers up- rightness and honor, the first false step entail-AU the Jtirort—We Mr.VonAmum—as it who like extensive patronage enjoy anythinging our nervesnot^ astonished the to be by"he m^ts of the case;was64 of *. years age. O..but one rule of conduct, and that is to minis- the impunity it makes possible to men who a musical Critics, viewing the performance solely asand one of the best-j ,.might saythousandsbutwehaveheardoflike dilatoryaction in other cases of a similar kind. There excuse Mr. Gager. next exaGmaigneerdrbevthM^rd.Van Ai^anOn tbe opening of the Court thejodgedeclded that ter to every excitement that seizes at any can advance solid arguments for lenient eiMMtlon, would veiy Ukely refuse to exchange one no testimony Intheuqiosttiaa of Mrs. Baowa, relaOagTheit may inflict on individnals or of stolen goods must come in main part evening, butfor all that were tiiere uttered last and Mrs. Btraaa, to the relationa ezistiag between Mr.howcariosity,receiverstime npon the public mind, no mattertestimony againstfrom men of acknowledged bad character;prima donna's notewe areAnditfindsitsaccotmtInsodoing. Partlyby inspiring fear and partly by stimulating burglarspickpockets,this ismany"'«^^'V„lo|rH>tego—in•gpanictheits usual course under similar circumstances. of a public prosecutor in his attempts to bringUntitled Document^^ marriage,rulings.who have soldit makes itself talked about and evidence, not being reliable in itself, requires Cltv Missions.the concert was given, the benefit ofto them. Such men, tobecorroboratedbycircumstantialorotherobject for which was &ir Is That the audiencethateachchildhadanaverageofone" all eminently human." In addition toeight wouldpleasingplace in which Mrs.the law but the facts from the Court,—and it may then bein to regard«' accornpaf^^forguilty0'<'f'^° of age; live at L.ttie.^n a nieceinIn the were soHenosltlon ofwill sometimes labor earnestly to convictCA8B.of life andmaking withanything about it, all this lossthe forms of law hare been carefully used to Party. The belief is general and sincere, all efforts to obtain convictions and sentence, erty might have been prevented. When the chargedwhile the partywhich those inexorable forms have driven to lican Administration designs to make war upon some mysterious manner to have been and broke her back. The five British ships some months la Us bonse. And yet, I asked ttvea;throughouteven upon proofsthe mostample, appearinany relationahip to him, alttioogh she had lieaa Itvtag— next mentioned were desperation is paraded before the country Slavery, that it will trespass npon the rights thwarted. No of the blame for thiswith enormousasnews which we h»Te this the wanton perpetrators of acts at once Illegal of the Southern States. These impressions failure of—— heretofore while in his darkened state re-'The first four jurors were then called.Robert J. Wtlcox, of VVinfield. was the first jurorthatrepairs,the forward compartment full of water, while issue to be as to whether Mrs. Bubch had violated hartended to establiah the issae. Beuadetstood the the Cuba and the Indian simply broke up in a marriage vow. The depositions went to sliow thatandthe CharterandtheHun- Hre.%trxcEwaswellclothed,andthattbehooaewaswell with food, Mr. CaxTaa'ssupplied A^^^Mfr^stand theOf course the profits to be made by men or a little less first cost. The Connaught was what effect could that tiave on the questloir wliatharpatronsadversity,who take the risk of buying articles whichly enough;it is all aquestionof a littlefor which the articles weremore^ purpose purchaaed. Batofenormous. Even after deducting the vast sums which are levied as the price of impuni-ty,gives readyroad to fortune. Many of themdepml- tlon on the ground uf the employment of an interpra-old thieves and cracksmen who have retired from the activepr&pticeoftheircallings.dutyto enter storesThe ap-terpreter,questionMrs. VihNiia's Mr. Bona ia deposition (impiicaflogtaking liberties with a yuung lady) must Uienfbra bein theiremploygain confidence of cooks or nurses and learn the amount of plate or other valuables in a house,;— the Messrs. Palmer, of Jarrow"There is one littie drawback, we confess, to man of fami^ of the ca^ outthe apparent sincerityof theregenerateAl-;be had hearu in the toom;had never seen any ac-contains on its face the germs of delay— de- Van Armaii—Resided about ten miles distant was a ;of items without delay and submit- preparedmer,}a man of and had been in tbe county 'J8 family,ted to the Board at its meeting on next Mon- ion of it ;have thebut it is alsoabilities of Aldermanic nature, that on nextarenlyation ofptahreticeasseconveisaiion was heard on the subject tlieraa.taaregard:yers in tbe coua-the Committeeconfine and ask-pursuedia no necessity, however, for anticipatingJCVINILIhas vrarbled^icooLoiiiFi sung, Patti trilled and Co«- the complainant.in Court astonlay witnessas,everynotCOqCIBTSeveral ladies were" lastnight,whenaThe Burch family on ba4h sldaa an aUdnsaadlathousand juveniles blended their voices In song. deep mourning, having raecatly lost relatives.scarcely to be wondered at, if a thousand chUdren sung, siaearenderthat the testimony referredemUiently pleasing and the applause which the Uttle com- received would have t>een sufficient to make Mabetzxk, on a similar occasion, stand on his head in grateful acknowledgment. If not to bring back theghost of JuLuaa.The The Concert of the HuTCBIVSOa Cokcebt.—in company. am U ,wom—I twenty-;Mi.. Fanny Burch wasAaiMcthe Jarymes.Uon, a bank, a brewery, a MmUary, afroa^Sg^ aLlwltnciaesaitdcorrespondentsthislooralag,aadeachtakenhis nelce, and as I am now Informed, does not bearhavingimprojier lilwrties, waa gotso Birs. BuacH had been unfaithful to tier bos-builtare was the Leinster, her advertised successor. depositions referred to would serve simply to coa-byband? The Court thought that the class ofhad been in town never heard the case mentioned la con- knew nntliing of the case but wliat he haicotuit cf the ca>e lu the papers;ofiin- patties.from thatLynan Clifford was the next juror examined, by Mr.ca>e but what he heard here; had never seeu any ptjr.ted statement o( the case; heard nothing butknew nothii.g of it ; ent about it.tbe merits of the casenothing as toform an opinion fiombusiness man, but never saw him;willing to In- dedalon that thadevelopments In the case might presenthewouldsayMrB.-Baowa'B cross-examination wasandin1 iBg.my cousin,we got there at ;year, ago,""f,^*^' „e^^^^^< -~^ *-^^- ^^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069iiiiiMits*Br:www.fultonhistory.com 