 1. I deem this a duty to the members of the Coaveition, iwTiewof the cxreumat^noes in which it is pKced.* fdoud applause.]The applause continued several mome-ts, and as Mr.Ntw-Yo»k ••• <Penn>ylv,u,^a-- to 2iber for each State.A resolution was also adopted that the next Conven-tion be held at Philnd» Jphia.' , . .' , , : '& « Mr. Barkadale. cf Mississippi moved that tne_Con- veiitdn now proceed io nominate candidates for Presi-dent and Vie«-Pieai«h:nt of the United States.Mot on carried.Mr. Fisher oi Virginia moved tbat the chairman oteach delegation be requested to collect a sum of mon'jy from each delegate, and hand it to the Maryland dele-Mr. A very of Norih Carohoa moved the fhanks of •the Convention to. tbe Hon. Caleb Cushing, for tbe able manner in which he presided over the J delibera-i 1!delegation. • 'Mi. Buder then, on the part of a portion ofthe dele-Alter considerable time, sou'ething like order being restored, tlie Prehioent saidc With heartfelt satisfaction,'but 1e should claim the right to cast the whole vote of tbe State. ' [ •Mr. Loiiug of Massachusetts made several attempts to obtain the fioor, but was eventually out oil" by a-mo-that the people aie not capable of self-gb^rnmeiit!It has never occurred to these fellows tlkt it is nots• • • # •'4'l4:<4fejIda lips, The jVew York Hcraldy persisted in the ailiy tervtd, and the unity and ascendancy of the Dem-'i,//1*i: i•of tfcc Union opened? No. They would find that' put it out of the power of the Iricnds oi Mr. Dpugias manent Priridentof;-the Convention. .•<:>•?djfil.it.gui.-hed sons as a candidate—the distinguidhcd to a donation, and he therefore contends tbajt Congress on ih t floor or elsewhere. He did not wisn to add toi-.' •t -\ ;:».v6A w l HtfBbiBC ia opinion Jawwpcy respect, wage tender-;. W m / t ^ b ^ M g n e t t t s to^aQ gentl-men. for-the Guthrie. .tienoftbeparty ba the State, and charged jtbatthe service. If this bill is defective, be hopedit VTOuldW• S a w and lkwir^-wpT)»r»ti»*y b» giv«*n the Chairwhendifferingwithhiminbisruling;while tendering . » * r*specta to all, f deem itemy dutv te resign my seat - « r p » « d i p g bJJcerbf the* Convention.^'[Tremendous tppUnte.) I deem i t my^doty to resign my place as pnUmng officer of tho Convention* in order to take» y place .on the floor as a member of the del- g-*tionftom Maarochose tt«, and to abide whatever may bv theTHK SSCOSn BALLOT. ,_. ^ ^}v, ; dliFs, ai»d the walks are throoged.with»pBoplevvho ty£, Mr. Green of Noi-th Carolina moved that ^all the cratic * He argued atiength bri tbe Kansas kP»cy, and ous session from to-day and afte».remit 'of its futinre deliberation*. [Loud appbuis .| Rhod«» Inland. Connecticut...• • « • • • • >«***•••«Vm The Scceders' Convention met at nobn to-day ia the Maryland Institute, which was crowded to its utmost capacity, jTickets were issued for this Convention, as follows:i • • • • » •mittee he appointed by the delegations naming a mem- New-York.' '. -\ .'• • i$ht"i£0K: V ' -Cashing ktft the chair, the whole Convention, rose, 'waving their bats and handkerchiefs, and 'elappin* tb>»r hands, mingled with cries of f*Good," " CJood,"jSoitb Caroliiia....' Alabsma .......... Arltto»a*iV .,*>....V . Al istouri.......... T*nne»(!«-e • . . JKt-ntucky •......'..: :MAKVLANP INHTITDTB. ADMITTltnBBAHBK.:,•,•-'•IMr. Cuslingwas loudly called for, and briefly re- given to the I'ostmaifrter-General to make a contract turned thanks, and congratula'ed the Coiy§ntiouon•*Now we shall have a fair man in the chair."Mr. Todd of Ohio, Vice-President of the Conven- 1ioor th<sn took the Chair, amid loud applause. He brkny addressed the Convention, dccJunn« that for over thirty years be had fought under the Democratic baan* r m the Gildings di*t*icty and he should not timch Jbom.duty now. He asked the indulgence of fie Con- vention while endeavoring to- discharge the duties»•»•*••9 The Convention was called to order by Mr. Ewing 3 of Temcspee.:„ . •the aui-picions and happy termination of HMftr hiiors, both on platform and candidates. •' 1' |!with them on reasonable and just terms, this'mail route would be abolished. .The m<Sfwge was referred.Tte Post-Office dtficiency bill was rejtumed, and the amendment abolishing the, franking privilege con- sidered.Mr. MASON hoped it would be adopted.Mr. P O W E L L took the same view-Mr. -WILSON, (Kep., Mass.,) thought the hue andcry about the abolition of the franking privilege was/ started by the New-York papers. He did not believe, it would 'reduce the cost of mail transportation mvh. He w ould be glad to be relieved of tbe burden of this,frankingpri-ilege,altnougbhedidnottJiiukthepeople w ere in lavor oi its alwlition. ;. . !.ily insisted on the p>enervation of ord^r, and an imme- diate vote on the nioBon on which ih© previous -ooee- tion bid been oideted since U«st eveningA scciie of exciw-menr. t»i<^n ensued that evinced thevielence of the feelings so long pent up. The cheerswere dtalf ning, every person in the theater rising, nm-ound in National relations. You and those youThe amendment was disagreed to, as follows: entitled to at. Chatb sion. /•, # • ' , ii loater is bellowing from Reverdy Johnscn-s steps YKAft—WewBri.. Ii»«j:g, Cnt>nd*:n, Davi*, FJtchf W^T^atrfck,all the while every night in behalf of D o n g a s and Gw'iu. Humoi Ivemoii, Joh««o« (Tenn.','. Laoo, McIlory,r>«c* ' Pou«.]l, Rl<«, Sithtatmn, T».oni8on, WnaaU.— L7.enc voice would come up from the" Gulf States—from the cotton States of the South. The heart of the •whole South will throb with enthusiasm wheo called on to rally to the support of the Union. The Conven- tion bad been told that the delegates now present from Alabama did not rcprtsent tne people of Alabama. He appealed to tbc ballot-box for a refutation of this fctateujcut. They were prepared to meet theseceders. now on tbe'issnc of disunion they now make, as they met tbem'on the same issue-in J>%1. IIc cast the vote of Alabama as a unit for Stephen A. DoagUis. [Tre- mendous applause.]jftx. Some of Louisiana ne?t addressed the Conven- tion, wh«-n that S'ale was. called. He was hailed with rooud afur round of applanse.Mr. Strann>an of Arkansas here aigrified hia intention as an individual member of a delegation representing half a vote, to withdraw.• Sfc^ral deb gates rose as different States were culled and gave ha their allegiance to Judge Douglas.In annooncmg the- vote of Pennsylvania Mr. Daw- .*aon stated that nine delegates refused to vote.One d»hgate casta vote for Horatio Seymour of Kew York.Dr. BiiSell ot New York immediately rose and reada letter froiu Mr. Seymour, peremptorily wichdr^iwinghis name and refusing to be a caudidate for any officeon the ticket. He fatated he ban this letter m hisposseaaion at Charleston, and it bad been the iutentionof Governor Seymour to withdraw whenever hisname waa mentioned. He should not have stated Thishad not a taper ^ith whuBe name he b ashed to pblUteto.n-akc any use of the letter.' He "concluoea by 'Ihip announcement was received with tremendous baying that «hen the Government fails to accomplish cheering. '.lawyer, statesman, and orator, Jefferson Davis. But has no power to give away the publichiude ^o States or the Mifchii&ippi'delegation, ioy the soke of harmony individuals.' Thin opinion he expressed in tihe veto of and peace, Withdrew his'name*. -They hud wou a the Agricultural College bill, and the argumfen/he usedtbe coulurioii and disorder that characterised the early weeks of the session by defending the oldest aud most respectable Chibtian, Cnurcb on earth from the illibe- ral attack made upon it by tbe member from Tenoes- see; but for the time even at the risk of beiogcharged i by bis constituents with pusillanimity, he postponed\| his convictions of duty to tbe public U-anqmUitv then I ei/dangered bv^the protraited struggle for Speaker o f I tie House. He wa» consoled, however, by the refl«c- I tion that the Catholic Church, or Romanism, woold'faloenocd that Mr. Seymour waa a candidate.FinST BALLOT.The first ballot waa then announced, as follows:ircm the perils.of Northern aooLtionism and South-- cm disunion by withdrawing my name and uniting with some other nonintervention Union-loving Demo- crat, 1 tuheecb you to pursne that course. Do not un- derstand me as withtng to dictate to my lrienos; I have in plieit Cvnndenve in ) ours and their patriotism, judg- ment'and diK-ietion". Whatever jou ntay do in the premisee will meet, my hearty approval. But I conjurenewed.As soon as silence was restored, Mr. Kussell said,turnii g to Mr. Cusbing:.G'JKNTLE.MKN OF THE. CONVENTION: Your chosenPietidentntedsnointroduction fromme,foryoa ha\'ealie:idy acknowledged him as one who is now, as he ;to the principles of the platform adopted here to-day, • Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Tenn.) addressed the Senate' litter are ge» eialy Democrats, and, from tboir nature,DoujfiHii....»-»•••»•»«..«•-1•"•_:•> istf) •*Gatarieb r-<kii. iid <»•..... Buiuuu is. yuiourJtJocock....• •••••••. 5,Y\hentheIoilwascalledthewhole numberofvotce wih iin-ojsibtency. . '• '\Mr. TUOH (Dem., Ohio) said he had read the fifthpkaseaftertheadoptionoftheresolution.. . . . . . • . # . 1 1Blank.......... 1 j WholeBamber of vot*»?;.2l2i. 9 ;l>icXio«ong . t b e . inoffeusivo•i>v.Ifavsl CommjV.ee |importance to ailStraints upon To: jwbichhe is a piK ibed. The Th imnphant resul—Cb»ri<s XV. iomisof thcNortl^Swedbh capital: way, to take plat greater interec-t. ifit is to take»t-k -e. athedralofTron est church in Sea iuace'nco, Twis b in the l»p*«of ag tine graDdeurcxiiefaraspottible [King Occar wat imonial omifsioo: among tome of h lauded "r ue gooc gtivermd b;va in ^xpenfce a- feitdaj: tion that few ro\ i$tortr,in?, or trit has just conclude' for the ccruing €jcence.:-r A corresppri jwriting iioin Bcjutation,cot*'is:injWhich ia abotu i.'tb solicit alraa t(iiuaginarv) ho^pito declare, tarsalwriter characterv'..-' rswindle—as an a by false preter.-tf past as a proofbi nine years apo lc<Hed in this coc: money was.duly t !vears ai<v. uot a i by the.ri>v< tend ; builtala'yjead- debts o^ bi^orxicjiwith the La^ance—Col. ,L V. A bia»ed his i*Ist bi !of bis desoendani part in various it goneratiots wer -r-Cha«. M. 1 Orleans, receutl the latest accouu feared that be hato b<- in much nt<—AmMigtlc.l aity of tueCity o. 1California, and Oregon.* Georgia wa^ repre«ented inpart, but aid not vote." Mr. Church of New-York offered the following:Ktttlctd, Tbbt Stephen A. Douglas, having received two- ibirUf of "11 tb'> vote* c-»«t in tbi/t Nauooal Dwiuocratic iCoavea- tioi-f. is, ftccoidlug to tb« rules of dii^t CoxiruTiiion and the u.s&geti of tbe DvsboO* ic p--r^r. declared nomixiatud for th» otlico of Pt«rf^«-j>t of lh« t.'nned Stat—.Mr. Plounioy of Arkansas wished another ballotof the countiy, ano without tbe slightest leg -rd to myindividual interest or aggrandizement, Aly interestwill t e best promoted, and my ambition gratified, audm tive» vindicated^ by tbat course on tbe pait of my annunciating the principles of the party, and ior the friends which will be mot>t effectual in savhig the coun- jmxpoi-e of continuing and reeVtabliaairtg the principles fcr-y from bting ruled or ruined by a sectional party. of the party, of upholding tbe Cohatitution and thelai.c-d that tbe resolution was not in order, as it changedtheruleoftneConvention.Mr. Church argued thot, accoxdicg to the decision of the former chanman at Charleston, the resolution ouly.interpretedthe?ule,andii«»notchange-it.'i he Prt tiUeut rulcJ the resolution in 6ider.Mr. Church explained the position of Is'ew-York inthis contest. She h»d been willing to yield all except ' personal honor, and the honor of her constituents, toVeryUuly,yourfrit-ud, S.A.DOUGLAS. To the Kon. V*xi A. ItreiiAUDBON, Baltioiorei Md.JorCphLane,aiidhewasdeclarednominatedamidloud low8:•applause. VEAS—Mestrs. Anthony, Brow:i/taienhig calls were then made for Yancey, who Buikte, Fefipendvii, I'ttch, I'-oot«;;'•;]{..wastheonlybaneiuthegubernatoiial contestin Virginia iu IS55, and that gallant State then baredherbreasttothewholefuryofthestormandorushedforever the foul monster in tnat old Commonwealth.Itere the speaker paid a handsome compliment to Gov.Mr. Dunning of Indiana made a stirring speech in favor of Douglas, as the choice of nineteen twentieths of the Democrats throughout the Union. He should be the unanimous nominee of the Democratic Conven- tion, as he is of the Democracy of the Union.Mr. Gittings of Maryland spoke against the resolu- tion. He domed to ballot.Mr. Church theu withdrew the resolution for an- other ballot, Mr. Hoge of Virginia declaring he would movethenominationbeunanimousassoonastbenext vote was declared.Mx. Sayies of Bhode Island made an eloquent ad- dreea, declaring that firm adherence to Judge Douglas and bis principles had alone enabled Rhode Island to wipe out five thousand majority on the Black Ivepub-Bcan side, and carry the State by two thousand ma- jority.rejoicn>g, and was honored with salutes at Columbus, city.CHICAGO, Saturday, June 23,1860. The nomination of Douglas was received by his friends here with enthusiasm. A salute of -300 guns was ibed upon its announcement. This evening hpeeches are being made from the balcony of the Tie-thanked God that he was at length on a floor where he could.spe*k without being bssed at.was hope ior the country yet; but he was sorry to say it depended only on tho power of this organization here to-aay to carry its principles aloft to triumph. Heway the House bad sent it here. !/ jMr. TiumbuH'a motion waa agreed to'just twb to,»»,,*1, M.I./,>WfliVl^gtf> K«M—»• rtWMWM—M*1 <«fi588MwBBttWWBW>i•stanu b^ thai platform* -. by afclamatiou, but failed.at length iu oppoeition to the veto, reading i'^om tlie rad't be anything else, it is tiu.e for Democratic Repre- toed w> at be had once approved. He charged' himIVEW^YORK DAILYDouglas, while ./expressing his preference for Mr. and the Democratic Chrb have recommenced tiring.^&^M^^^^imS^^^^mBting 180* votee-tbe balan<^*wa«enDgv „ .v ,.> Aare already offering bets-that he will carry the State; The enthusiasm is general and hearty.for-the candidates of this Convention. Carried.Mr. Walker moved an informal recess of fiftesn man of the Convention was requested to noti the can, toiT«.^v.jknd--befo^^iUal':ae^M-t2i»^'S|Hute'erceis. toolSubjoined isMaine. .......•••••••••minutes. ,' , ,. __iiW 'CriesofVNo,"HNo,"whenthemotionwaswitn-didatesof their nomination. , Thonameof-AugustusSchell,ofNeW-fbk,was»j Several Hous« bibs we>e'receive and passeiS.»••• •»*•*•*••..«;<«•• • • • • ' • • • • » •. • • • » • •>iarTl«»d'...- ..•-»*•« Virginia. »#••»•••••»»•«r|A message w«s received from the President of tit*United St*»er«. d«ted to-day, stating that there was mf communication between the Atlantic and Pacific St*Ua\ f«r the transportation of tbe manV, oceanwise. The Postma<»tei-General bad oftered this mail to the steam, ship compan i- s, tut owing te thelawj JetternuiU over» land ihey had declined to\ take it. They demanded & higher rate of con pensation, and unless power wasKew-H anipshirv'. Vermont...>...*.« M«»»acbwc«tt*TriESBCEDEKS CONTENTION. BAJLUMOHK, Saturday, June ii3, I860..Ohio...*..Indiana...DlinoiVWkbigun... \^1HCOUblJl.................. IOM8. . . . . . . . . . . .*... ••*.••..« Mini.f^otn . . . . . . . . . :2S 13Mr. Foe»»e1l of 'Virginia WSB chosen temporary Chair- man and addieHsedthe Convention asfdllows::"..»>••-••»•• -..•*•k»**•#••«CON- 6 VK,NTIO,": 1-ddnotknowofanytbingonwhichthe.Mr. Johnson of Maryland here rose and begged leave to state tha', the Maryland deleg-tion claimed tfceJBrcckinridfft,^ ^ k7'S51«4tVKttina sr.ssieow. At 6 o'clock the Senate reassembled:m ^ ^ ^ ^ ^iInI,tion for the previous question.tions. ." ' Adopted unanimously."; -[•:•.••••Aj;'--.; ;•HJ,.N\ hole number of votesSevvn of the Jr>enns>lv»niu d*l»*g5ites declined voting.»••*»••«which bad devolved upon him. . ...Mr. Butter of MawMcbmetta rose to speak, but the KOM1NAT10S OF STJfcPHEN A. OOUGLAS FOK PRESIDENT. inteieet I here represent; The first official act.of thisprivilege of paving for the use of the Hall.Mr. Bradford said in IVnufvlvania there1 were^sdveial districts only represented by one delegate. BJ8.Convention refused to bs»en to hum when a scene of Messrs.' Uoge oi Virginia and Clark of Missouri then Convention smce it assembled at this place -has beentbe inn osv confnsh n and excitement ensued.,Tbe Chair appealed to the honor of the Convention to fceep quiet, when order oho* more became jeetored. Several attempts sdowquently were made to inter- rupt the proceedings, hnt the Chair quietly and stead-to signify that it wiQ be governed-by the-usages, .prin-ciples and spirit which have governed the NationalStateKiabteDemocracyofVnginia. TheConven-tion which has ansembled elsewhere and from whichyou have withdrawn, has lost all title to the designation <>t National. It cannot perform the functions oa [National Democratic Convention, and every one believts that all true Democrats will uoito ti> declare i same as in the Democratic Convention, each must votebimuttuneonsly seconded the r» solution of Mr. Ctiurch,declaringJudg«Douglas.nominated,accordingtothe .u*8g«8 of tbe Democratic party and the rules of thewished to know if they were to catt one vote or hallConvcmion, by a two-tv'iida vot^j. _The r«-so;ution was adopted nnanimonaly.*•;.'.vote should be *•*«, that^being all each delegate was :TTBK JtAtlOTlNG FOR > CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT. wa\inghals, h-ndl>erchiel»>, and evincing ttie utmost, lOjnstntare a majority of the people, of the Democ-fellows don't know it, but they are fighting the 'Lid,. Kii-g, Lttbafi1- Polk P'-gh, Siuimoan, Snxzaxr, Ten EjcjL battles of Black Republicaniain at ev^ry screed 'Irumbull, W»d©, WiJ*»i—23. ' ^ - they utter. They are like pigs in 1M water. A'voie .was then taken on agreeing to the amend-; They cut their own throats at every struggle to ffic-wt of tbo House bill, includtngreiitoringthe inlandThe rr solution to proceed at on JOto ballot for a can- enttrnwat-m. T h e scene could not be exceeded in ex-racy and of Democratic >States. They-"will''.look'to )du to perform the func'tious of a National Democratic Convention,'and yon will be so recognized alike by the Nirth and South, the East and the West. [lioud and enthu«a»f/o cheers] / I nave ev«ry coufidence that \ou will htniid upon the prineiples and will be able>> defend tbe Democratic p^rty, protect the rights of all the States and mainain the'Constitnttoo against all enenics, open or ins'dious. With this brief reliance uj on >ou and confidence in the juBtice. of our cours*-, I am prepured to. perform, lit an hum bio-and .imperfectdidate far President was then adopted.citenetit. From the upper ti«-r banners long kept inTne roll was called, and when Massachusetts was r«-teive were unfurled and waved before the audience.reached, ,-' fl On the stage appeared banvers, one of which wasMr. Butler again claimed the floor to explain the borne bv the delegation from Pennsylvania, bearingmail service, which was not agreed to—Yeas 18j be catt by eacbsingle representative. ' -. get to land. Well, let 'em paddle. :lwx willirig Na\s2L :povhion' of inc delegation from Mafsachasat&s. Objections were made, hot the Chair decided that when a State was called, the Ch&umaa of the d^leg-*- tion.had a right to explain the vote or position of tneth*' motto, "Pennsylvania good for forty thousand majority for the Douglas." Cheers for the " JLiulo Giant," and rpspoi-dtd to until all was in a perfect rear inside the butioing and outside.. Mr. Hun»cr of Louisiana said that his delegation was to encourage them while they swim, ajnd; to shout entitled to cast tbe wtiole vote of the State as the ma- when they go down. What do you /think are the jority ditecio. The whole delegation was not here, dying reflections of these bogus DemociWB ft Why,• The Scna'e, in refusing to agree to the House, w3l infbt, a i d ask for a Conference Commictet;. ,The House resolution, reducing the price Of public printh g 40 per cent, was passed..An executive seeeion was then held, a&er whicb several private bilis were passed, when the Senate ad-gation, presented a prot*at against the unjust exclu- as jirefiding officer of this Convention, I declare 6te-_ way tt e duties you have,confided to me.the people, but it is the leaders of the |)«iiino<'ratic journed until Monday at 9 a.m.party that are incapable of 8eli'-governm<|!iiL' Theirsion ol one of their number frodft the Convention, and -withdrew frOu>. furteeT action wivh the Convention.pben A. Donglaf, by unauimou& v o t ^ the candidate of the Democratic party of the Union, for President of tbe^e Urited States, and may God. iu his infinite mercy, protect bim and the Union he represents.'Ihe Convention rose en masse, and the scene of ex- crement was renewed, cheer, after cheer being sentMr. -Johnton of M*.rjland, and Mr. Crawsby of Oreym, were elected Secreta.rie«.cX^ud apphtu-e iodov^d this, wbh cries of " Good," 4• The President announced that he had received a dis- patch liom two : delegates from Miuneaota not here, asking tbat Mr. Johnson oi Maryland might cast theiraifhcn'lties and 'their ruin result from-tr" yerv fact"ftwi," "Go along," >Go along."Mr. Bntler resumed, eayiug that he desired to placeA Committee, on Permanent Organization jthe withdrawal on the> ground that a majority of theState* hao seceded, and he desired to say that he couldnot act with a Convention in which a gentleman had, forth for the nominee.o'ekek this evening.AFTERNOON SESSION.Tbe Seceders' Concentioniensiembledat5p. m.The ball waf densely crowded iu every part. Taere were fully 3,000 nersons present, and the greatest en- thusiasm w as-manifested.•VOlfcfe. .advocated the reopening of the African slave-lrads. [Loud laughter, yells, and biases jMr. Butter then retired, with others from the Massa- chusetts delegation, amidst derisive applause from the Convention and galleries.Mr. Dawson OT Pennsylvania being called, took the floor, and, in an el< qnent speech, g a ^ t»ie indorsement oi Penx^vlvania to the nominee, declaring. admiration for his ab'ility, gallantry, and devotion to tl e Democracy and the Un>oniisTue vail of the roll proceeded..Tbe Chair tbf-n reques-ed the several delegations to handupthelistofmembers.The roll was called, and the following States re- sponded:John Ccchrane of New-York, on behalf of the delegationtoretireforconsultation. [Criesof"No, GuthrieminotthatState,warmlyindorsedJudge'• DENT. ;.;:" ties. It is to be hoped many of them,will live ioug the State of the Uni.n.. . Mr.Loiing'of"Mafeachnset'saddressedtheConven- enoughtogettheireyesopen. Theworldwould Mr.EDWAKDS(Kep.,N.H.)hadscarcelycom-tion, pledging Matsachusetta to stand by the Soutn in menced a speech in advocacy of the Kepublican party,her string..-lo fur confctitutioiial-right, Toey desired lose nothing, however, if they, were all pui into aonly to pretent the name of a man who had "no bag together, with a stone iu it, and carefiJly laid when a nies^age in writmg was received from thelritnds to reward or enemieato punish." They claimed where the tide would flow over tbem. '• j".. President. Great anxiety was evinced to iwiertain its 1 contents, and impatient cries were made for i^s reading-tie right, on Otha ! of the D«ui.oc-racy of Massachu- How simple the philosophy which accounts for It was supposed by many to-be a veto of the" Civil settf, io pittent the name of the gLdiant son ol.Ken- the phenomena now occurring in the! shattered bill. "/'•'tucky, J^hn C. Br» ckiundge. ranks of the Democratic organization. It-'isj a living Mr. SHERMAN (Rep..Ohio) hurriedly moved, which Loud and enthusiastic cheering greeted this nomina- demonstration of the elasticity of our institutions, was agre'd io, that Mr. Edwnrds have leave to printand the vitality and .vigor of the republican idea. hi* speech, i«nd the Committee rose. ,Mr. Daw>on of Pennsylvania asked leave for thatn o . ' ^ . H e desired to-say they only wished to consult , ae to the caudidate."When Massachusetts was called, Mr. 8tevens oi that ' Stfrte, ea*d, although be was' not yet ready tocsst the vole of the State; he would not let bis name be called twice without a response. The action of those who r*-j« ted their duties and the party would t>eincIigoaui.iy xepndiascd and reprobated by the Democracy of the wi olr (State. {Cheeis.] /The people are pledged over and over again fi»r the principled of non-intervention, .Bi.d there werf those who have retired trom this hallDouglas, admittitrg that he was, above all others, the choice of the Democracy Of New-Y ork, and declaring tbtrir intention to support him with the utmost en- tbusiatm.lx.nd applause followed each address, and at the close the Convention took a recepM till 7 p: m.KVENIXG SESSION.NOMINATION OK BEN'JAMtN FIT ZPo.TRICK OF ALABAMA FOIt VTCfc^'Kfc.SinK>T.On the rcaywimbling' of the Convention, Benjamin FitzpatTick of Alabama, was unanimously nominated for Vice-President on the tirot ballot." Vern'ont, one delfgate,ftfapsiichneetr^, pixteen dekgatea.New-Y oik re.fpondeo.Pennsylvania responded.Delav»aie Tespondeo. •Maryland responded.Vir^ima. twenty-lour delegates.North Cmolitsa, nineteen and a half delegates. • Oeorgia, twenty-ei^htdelegates.Florida responded that all t4ie'delfgates from thatState weie not here, but all will be goon. Alabama, tventy-inne.Louisiana..all tbe delegates.Texas, ail the delegates.who were elerred. as delegates only because they ; On motion, the Democratic National Committee fordeleterious consequences of strychnine to]those who General n aj proviee. for carrying tbe P;tcific Ocean mails on term» r«-a>onable and just, several companiespiedgeu themselvesto Vote tor Judge I)ongtas.J!e!-«iH. Brent of Maryland, Uoge of ^rginia, and Gauiden of. Georgia, in turn denounced the secession- ists ifrom their Staccs, and signified their iutention to.act with the National Drmocratic Convention.four-years!-was apjjointe.d, the member from New- Y otk being Mr. August Belmont.Sir. .Richardson, of Illinois, then made a speeexT,. thanking f e Convention for tbe high honor done his State in selecting for the candidate lor the Presidency•of Virginia. [Applause.]Mr. ICwing.of Tennessee, wioh appropriate remarks,nominated Daniel S.. Dickinson of JS'ew-Yoxk, Uuduig; him as an able statesman, who had ever stood by the Constitution and true Democratic principles. [Ap-plause.] - -.•Mr. S-.evens of Oregon desired to nominate a man.who bad for the last half century had practical experi-cbhs <•! i u ' f«ll<w-citizens, whose aotecedents and pr> srii' |'< ^i ion in ref-rence to questions of sectional s rile atould have shielded them from, wanton attackMr. Pardons of Ala. denoai ced the aeceasion move-asent as one of disunion, and when they declared op- her favorite son. Alluding to tbe secedera he said thatMississippi, tourteen delegates. Arkantas responded.Missouri; two delegates. Tvnnee'><ee> nineteen delegates. Kentucky, ten delegates.•'...-XXXVITH CONGRESS. FXBST SESSION.position to disunion they only spoke the sentiments of a large majority of the people oi Alabama. Thla tight bad t>een anticipated. They were prepared for it—pre-if the Democratic party bbomd be defea'ed and perpet- ually ruined, they, the' sec/der<?, must bear the respon- rtl iiity, not Uouglas or l)is\fr>«»d«?. In this connection he produced a letter irom AH^^ou^laa dated Washing-SENATE...,WASHINGTON, June 23 1860.the object lor wfcich it-was formed let it go down.LETTER FUOM MR DOUGLAS.The following is the Icttrr from.Mr. Dooglae:' -.WASHINGTON, June ^0—11 p. m.Tbe Committee also reported Vice-Presidents from each State represented.:Tl e CodOi.ii tee'a'fo recommended that the rules and regulations of the Democratic Conventions of 1852 and lb56 be adopted, with the qualification tbat in making the nominations for President and Vice-President, twoT tliii ds o1 the votes of all thejStates represented shall be neceK'-ary; that each.delegate:in" t!>e Convention shall. cast the -i-ote to which he'' is entitled, and that ea;h Sta*e «-ball only cast the number of votea to which it:Jgk»iou& victory on ihe pb.t,-f° 'ai, and that was enough.They would now join in support of the man indicate ias theCboiee of the Cdnve-nt.on, and go home satisfiedthere aj peured with greater force to this case. There was noie of consideration in tho iyrmet <ase, but owing to the late hour of the session he v|ill not n;-UMr. Weeks of Alabama moved the Chairman hive authority to complete the Natonal Committee, after the ad journment of tne •Convention: !l f. 'The thanks of the Convention were then Extended to the citizens of Baltimore and to the officera of the Convention, when the Convention, with three cheers,adjourned sine die.DYING GEOANS. 1Gorrf>:pondcnco of The N. Y. TrSbnne. •..-,; j ! ,BALTIMOREJJune5&I860. There is a great cram. in the city, apd some4 •194J|i 9 IkNATIONAL DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.MY D E A R S I R : 1 learn there is imminent dangerthat the Democratic party will be demoralized, if uotdtKtrojtd, by the breakmg up of the Convention.S>ucb a re^ultwould inevitably expose the country to ,tre perils ol sectional strife between the Northern aidSouthern parta-ahs of Omgre^sionul intervention uponthe subject of blaveiy.iu the Territories. . 1 firmly-aud n ay be entitled by actual representation in the Con-that though they bad yielded their candidate they'had view these views. It must be admitted, ail v. generalI'OnadentTOUsly b«-lievc that there is no safety for cbe vention. This wan adopted unanimously.ceps ot-tneir principleB as this organization, but he de- sired to say that the difficult eircuujbtances surrounding ,lhe Dtn.oi"r<itic party are suca that Mr. Huutcr cauaot now accept any nomination at The hands of eitner Con-hindb; but be did not read those words to mean giviug aw a) . A«ide from the constitutional objections!'tne bill was unjust to old soldiei s who held military-bouuty unosj n» )t ;^ieHLly reduced their value, andiit was no.coun-ry, no hope tor the preservation of the Union, ex-cept, by a faithjul and rigid adherafice to the doctrine ofnon-intervention by Congress with Slavery in the Ter-ritories, intervention means disunion. Tbere is no Mr. J<»hnson of Maryland, that the credentials be re-vention. He theie.ole requested Aiabuina to withdraw just to the old soldier's of the Union. It opened a largeoilleience in principle between Northern and Sou;hern, femdto the Committee-on Credentials already ap- intervention. The one iutervehrb for Slavery, and the, pointed (reierring-to those members bt' the said Com- oi her against Slavery; but each a|)peala to the. puaaionB mittee who feccded from the lieguiar Couvention.)Mr. W ard of Alabama withdrew the name as re-nation between Americana and foreigners, by prohioit-bom citizens as ignorant «nd uuflc for the privilegesof American, citizenship, and sporting ill-:imed and j ur>g<?neion> wittici xritf at the memory'of tbo two brave jand prejudices of his owu*8»-ciiou against tbe peace of the whole country and the right of self-government oy the | cdple of the Territories.- Hence the doctrine of non-inwventivn must be maintained at a-1 hazaids. lint while I can never sacrifice tue principle even to obtain the l'residency, Xwill cheerfuiiy aud joyoucly taciifice myself to maintain tbe principle. If, there- Jore, jouand my other friends who have stood*by me. with auch heroic hrmueas at Charleston and BaltiuiOre, thall be of the ojonion that the principle can be pce-Mr. Ueiirv of Pennsylvania moved that a committee be appointed to inform Mr. Cushing of his election as President, aiid request him to resuoie his seat.I h e motion waa greeted with loud applause.Presently the Committee appeared', conducting, Mr. Cusbingjthroufch the densely packed hall.- Hia appear- ance wus greeted with immense cheering, the *vhole body rising in a mass to their feet and givicg cheer after cl'C«-r. fqueftv.d,.exprestang profound admi ation for Vu-ginia. ing the termer, if hingle, from having the benefit of tho . M:i. 'Stevi-ns ot Oregon, in oider to secure harmony bill, while the foreigner,.without being the head of aWhen quietness had become somewhat restored. Mr. Knssell kindly gteeted Mr. Cashing and handea octatic ]arr.y maintained, and •the country saved, lim to the platform, when the cheering was agtin re-upon what he considered the injustice of tliis rule, and Mr.•• JOHNSON (Dem., Ark.) charged thalt"the other con^tituenciert, unite in tbese assdulte with those, whoi wiaied that, though some who sympathized with them bbu*.e w as responsible for tlie defeat of this bill by the m:-.ke war upon Romanism ou one side, aad upon for-! were not here, yet a few were here to ex press devotion incorporation into it of provisos.'' yjil eign-bom citizens, on the other, merely because theEvery State was represented in tbe vote except Del-aware, South Carolina, Florida, Mississippi, Texas, you to act with a single eye to the safety and'welfare, i\I>. Cnebihg, on taking the chair, said:,| and DJikiiBon i:4. _v scitioii oi the bill, and the view of the President on it many mttances'cruiibed at home by a peopte who feelThe Sinks which had cast their votes for Dickinson w;-.s a mere quibble. The section declined to place each r.o other, interest in the peculkr instaturaoos of the! then withdrew, giving the full vdte of the Convention, Idreigher oo the same fooiiny as a native-born i'citizen, South than that prescribed aud fixed by fie commonmight be taktn. They would make the vote stronger nating me an the liist choice of ih-i party for the Presi-^ol"the dollar paid in excess.- The Preudeut'in •this < hoov-e to make co« ,n<on. cause." But, continued; Mr. B.,wedonotmeasureourjusticenorour Democratic• next time.Mr. Church—You can make it as strong as youtleCincinnatijConvention.-With this'knowledgeof Severaldel-gatesrceetospeak,bus,alterconsiderable,myopinionsandw.shea,yonandyourotherfriends. excit-bitent and contusion, tba point of order v.as; must act upon your own convictions of.duty.Ihe action «f the Charleston Convention, ysuataiuingu>e by so large a majority on tho platform, and desig-Union, and the coequal rights of the several States. [Loud .cheering.]Toe Chair then announced that the Convention will now-proceedtobusiness. .'..-.The C< mmittee on Credentials then announced that nopertontrou>SouthCarolinawaspresentor author- izedtonaywhethertiiey'werepreparedtoactwith the Convention or not. Thev reported that 180 dele- gates *>ere present, inflading two froui New-York ((VU88./BHTtlet'.'an'dSchell),ouefromVermont,and fn<i i'roni Missouri.-.acre by thote that^ibllowed them, woald cause these the iomiiron eneniy, with whom, on this question, they old settb is to come to Congress claimiog the refuudiugo«ncy,isallthepersonaltrihmpo1desire. Thisletteris piompted by t>>e siime motives^'which induced mydisiatch fovr years agcr; withdrawing my name fromMr. Wickhtie ot Uouibiana ottered the following, whicb,hefcaid,wouldgiveDouglas40,000inhiaState:' thenadopted.The repot of tlie Co'mmittee on Credentials was Jirsolved, 'II at it is in sccordmxre with the CinciahUti Pl.it- 'Mr. Hunter of Louisiana offered a resolution, whichfcru] tLat onxh g the exigence of Tcrtit«»rlul xiovvntrnput* to«; Ava» adopted, inviting the delegates from Soutn Caro- treasure ol lesinction, v t a t ^ c r it xrsav ac, iiupoHod r>yth^'Yt dvra) Coiigtitution ou the power o' th« I'tinitorJol L«gihlat.i>r<) lina and Florida accredited to Richmond, to unite with oveT lh#! «L.bjt ct of tho d<>me>>tic rrlati^nii, m tiK> «H«I»; II^H O.«^U their brethren of-the National Democratic Convention, or *liu)l lieieufter b« ln\ull >• dotrruuued t»y tho Suj>r«»!no Court of assembled at. the Maryland Institute Hall, upon theliaxioii,King,J^aut?,Lutbiun,xMcaoisoa,roix,ITUlrSin U.OUP, buiun^r, Ten Kyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wukhiiicn;.conciliate and harmonize the Democratic party. But th« 11-iUd Stateb, should M wnpt-cted by all go-d oitizcus, o-id same platform at'd prmeipies with themselves, pro-Harr, after thei-e preliminary rema»-k"s, read an extract from Mr. Nelson's speech, to the effect that the mission Of Americbeism was to defend-the " Protestanism ofwhen approached^ and told they must yield the candi- date who v u s chosen, and who was the choice of. the Democracy of the State, and, in addition, admit uocon- ditkmalJy to the Convention men who bad seceded without any jus', cause, they had spurned the overtarcs. They would now go home and sweep the State of 2sow- yora asa whirlwind. [Loudapplause.] >They had attiit'oicfd with .promptness and ability "by ev«ry ar»»ncli of the 4 General Government. vided they feel authorized to do so.Mr. Paine of Ohio called for the previous question, Mr. 11. H. Death.of Iowa presented a paper sigTied when the it solution was adopted. by himself and another, stating*that no election of del- • The Convention lhei>, alter- the passage of several egates bad been made by t <e National State Rightsnniiiportantreaolution.s, adjourned xincdie.the admission of Califoiiua, by " squatter BOveroigaty," Mr. l U L E E (Dem., Fla.) moved that! tho Post evidently did that Protestantism was the re-knon of Democrats of Iowa; but knowing the" sentiments and aid i.ytho interfcience with the slave-trade iu the lioutc bill be taken up. ••> • :; •.Charleston voted to construe tbe two-thirds rule to THE RECEPTION OV THE NOMINATION OF to consult in the deliberations of this Convention. oi Alabama, and asked them to secede—to secede. HeDOUGLAS.ST. LOUIS, Saturdav, June 23,1860.Deficiency bill would be considered.mean two-thirda of the vote of ".the Electoral College, at the jequest of the South, who remained with them on tbe pledge that if they so voted the South would remain with, the Convention. A portion of the SouthObjection was made to the reception of the paper, and_y-otoer countryDavid JU Seymour, on the part of the Dickinson playing, fireworks and bonfires burning.'men of the New-York delegation, said they stood in a TROY, Saturday, June 23, I860.peculiar potation. They had used all honorable means The nomination of Donglas was received with applause.to secure the nomination of the great son of New enthufriatm by the Democracy-of this city. A salute Mr. Avery of North Carolina reportedj from the York, Daniel &, Dickinson. [Applause.] But he wassow ready on their behalf to acknowledge that a greatmajority of the people of the State were in ikvor oftins nomination o? Douglas, and with one voice theirienda of Daniel S. Dickmson would rally to the Sun-Soft of the nominee." Mason of Kentucky gave in his allegiance tovoting i'or the great enthusiasm. Two hundred guns have been fired, •Mr. Mathews of MissiBsippi moved that the National A. Douglas_ Mr. MASON (Dtm„ Va.) said he was aWrtvlto tb« Americanism, 4an<l, Tast. Know-Notbingism. He i defeat of the Postal Deficiency bill ket y?a"^nd re showed from history that virginii has ever taken thojoiud at it, as it showed the condition of thejpostal ! lead and conducted the vangtt>ttd in battlingevent. * ordered and the platform adopted..for Jay, Harmon, Scott, Taylor, and FUmore. Never oider tt.at the Senator had no right to call ItfoWio'n the spirit of Americanism bavk to the days of the elderALBANY, Saturday, June 23,1860. Mr. Chapman of Alabama moved to reconsider the Tho nomination of Douglas is received here with vote and to lay that motion on the table. Curried.had he voted for a constable m his district who waaDemocrat. '"' *••-''•-tbe action of the House, a« relating to this bill or anv Adians; he loilowedit up through its various .formsDemocratic Committco be instructed not to issue ticketsBonfires are blazing wi "State street and ©'roadway.; to any delegates whose, scats are contested to a Na-- was elected' l^:'-.-a-''<kinv«nt^;'.v«»l^j^aa;!ion-| defeated. r -. .,.,. ,';;,I /Considerable defeat bore ensued relative to*contti»»f'onvention wiiacb nominated the., Parsons . • - " i . -. Nom« rone paiti^s va>e firing.Tookets aud ORomaa can- tionat Convention. Adopted. . V ^ A t TM*v^ Jthe question of:.." Souatter Sovereignty,' Thesecondballot,wasthenannounced,Douglas get- presstbemselveede/ligbwl with the uomniatidn, and StatesintheUnion'boinvitedtorunanelectoralticket queirtlyinterruptedbyapplause.•11 GKNTLKM«N OV.THENATIONAL DEMOCRA TIC 6gation. . . .'A voice—How much ? .- - .4honor in selecting ine Chairman of this Dsmouratic Convention ia 'based, except it is in boQor to the ancient and lojul Commonwealth of Virginia, whosewas then appomtfd, wh' n the Convention aojoarned until 5that r/tc [jeojde arc capable of self-govern; it. TheMinnesota responded.California responded, her whole electoral vote. Oregon; all lier delegates.Mr. Walker, from the Committee on Permanent Or-pared to see a violent effort ,to brealc up the Demo- ton, the 20th insr., authorizing and requesting hiscratic partv, so that the bonds of this Union may be triends to withdraw bia name if in theirjudgment nar-eevered. Shall this effort succeed ? [Cries of " n o , ! ' n.oi-y could be restored to the;-Democratic rdiike. -Mr.**no."] Shall it be said that 1&J0 shall see the grave l<ich->rdsi.n then saidtnatthecourteof the secedera had ganization, leported tbe lion, Caleb Cushiug for per- gation was instiucted to preaeut the name of one of her acre, ii.Vecnis, and credit for five yeirs, equ^i almostMr. Levring moved the appointment of a Committee on Credentials, to whom the credentials of delegates should be submitted, but he accepted tho amendment of•••..•;."; ':•has been heretofoj e, the President of the National Dem- i-Hbt was 10^, of which Mr. Breckinridge received 81,ooaiie Convention. [Tremendouscheering.]'GENTLEMEN: W C arc' reassembled here as Delegates to the National Democratic Convention, duly accredit- ed from more than twenty Suites, for the purpise ofand UiereJore the former must have a family'jloeibre hecan settle .on the pubfie band*. .Mr. H A l i L i N (Kep., Iowa) said that the objectionNoith Caj'olina nominated-Joseph l*ane for Vice-Preai-detil.Loud cries of "Vote, vote."Mr. Scott/ of California seconded the nomination^ .meteage had thus,stated that the prico of the land Imd Oit: odoxy by th- ela.rtcoiuings ano political obliquities wi<h appiopiiate remarks. heei. reduced over §1 during actutd settlement. Tne <-f individual juembers, especially when we behold Air.AtkinsofTennesseemovedtomakethenomina- GiaduaiioiiActwanananswertothis. \•:jj their colleagues yiound us bauging their heads tion'bvacclamation. Thequestionwasthenputthatthebillpas«,the iumortiiicalidnand.shanieatthe"positionwhichCries of " No, no," " Call the roll." poje<:ticim/ot! the President notwithstanding}: and it their State has been forced; to occupy. Ho' On tiic tirst ballot the whole 105 votes wore for wus not paesed, two-thirds not voting there^r, as fol- alluded to the fact that this question of AmericanismII' ¥of the Pietident was that the bill was unjust to old selves to 1e.stayed by feeloige of retaliatiou or by the- „ • , - .A resolution was adopted that the National Com- nlaced on the National Committee as the member fromavote? ...x,. i vi*•- Mi. But?er of Massachusetts said that only hall aThe President said that if the balloting was to be thehalf a vote. . ,.'.,., •Jlr. Yainov thought- each Congressional district e> titled to one vote, if two were -ere they might cast but one vote, but when only one was here he shouldcast the whole vote ol*the district.Alier debate, it was decided that a whole vote shouldthe right to wallop your own niggers!' These JNAiB—M«w>. Aiitt>ouy, ftayuML tr>wn. Chandler, Cfaat Fesscndcif, Foot. Footer, Oreen, Hale, Hatnbn. Harlan, Homo-secured, his principles. -Mr.- Rut-sell ol Virginia desired to express the thanks . •lb donate money to. States, or individuals, land thisof uition, begged to withdraw the name of Gen. Lane of Oregon.•Mr. Bartlett,' of New-Y ork, when the name of Now- York* was called, said he was not at Charleston, but cnn.o bcic as a substitute, and entered the Delegation under the unit rule. Alter one day's session ue he-jaiid sympathy with the South, pledging themselves toOn inotion of Jlr. Howard, of Tennessee^ e Chair recess.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.-On motion of Mr. BONHAM (Ad. Deui., S: C), the Prerident wus requested to. furnish tbe House, at its poor devils don't see an inch beyond r noses, i.eM sehsion, a 1information that can be obtained as Mr. Averv.'rop.e to a point of O'der. He thought it They do not seem to have any conception^ inything to tha dbpofcidon by the Britudi Government of-the a dancereus precedent io allow these votes tO( be cast outride of this Old rat-trap of the Democratic or- Africans captured by the British Navy, and its dispo- by prt;xy by a delegate from another '-State: aiiion of the ollicers and crews of the .slavers whenMr. StteV«i.s oi Oregon moved tbat Mr. Johnson of ganization which has housed and furhiphed them captured. j • .Maryland he tniiiltti to cast the vote of the delegates with toasted cheese so long, and they, think whenI Wr-SHERM in tbePret-icexitftoui Minnesota. / . ; ' • ' • 'This was agreed'to. . -Much.time was consumed in calling the Yeas and that is destroyed; it is equivalent to d i s s ^ i n g the Nays, on a snspein-ion of tho mles for tho purpose ofOn notion of Mr. Davis of Mwieeippii the ladiesMr, isilby of Maine foPowed in an able speech. •; were invited to occupy the vacant-s-sata on the floor. NOMINATION OF JOHN C. JlJtECKISIUJDGE FOR ritESI- rm al delegates are > the mere six-day pilpa of poli- The House went into Committee of the Whole ontion. .Mr. Denny of Pennsylvania, on behalf of those pres-universe.: It is surprising to see how mabyj of the taking bp private bilh-, some of which were parsed.The c.e>-sage v%an rcao. It recommends au alteration Mr. Ward of Alabama nominated R. M. T. Hunter pi each to the victims. It is needless to explain the of the existing law, in-order that the Postmaater-ent, seconotd the nomn.a ion. .But it wmld be casting pearls beforej!.s|vine tohave swallowed it.' J . s. P.and shipowners declining to perform the service for the compensation to which the Departmen:; is now re- stricted. NThe disappointment was general, and all was smiles and laughter.0 he 1loose again went into Committee.Mr. BARK (Dem., N. Y.) said chat at an earlier pe- rn d of thefce-+>iont«e had intended to reply to tuat.part a t-tatet-man, as a man of unblemished., honor, and pr«a- A message from the President, vetoing ;&boJ Home- • of the speech 01 Mr. N«isou of Tennessee, ia which seiited the name of Gen. Joseph Laue of Oregon. ptehd t.ill, was received acd read at length.J kfter re- gieat ii justice, was done to a numerous and influentialence in tbe active life of our growing couutry. HeIowa wau reppciided to by Mr. Heath of that'State. alluded to his achievements.in Mexico, to his worth as :Several.private bills were passed.'. ,[Applause.] viewing.the general provisions of the bill asj/passed, the Mr. Mathews of Mississippi desired to say his dele- Prt sident says that the small sum asked for linds perprtpo.-tjtion, that Congress does not possess the powerof bis State to Alabama lor nominating her favorice eon would be the case in giving away the mt aris of thefor a high office. They might t*ke the assur*ncj of the public levenue. The advocates of thid bill I supported pats uns<Miihed through the ordeal of the honorabledelegstioh that he was hcurt and hand with them. He it under thatclause/of the CouHtitutiou which says that could'fee* nothing so well caleulat d to secure .the sue--> CoxgiCHs shall have power to dispose of.the publicgentleman f Ameucaoism, which was defined to be au |organizaiiou to de'end ihe Protest(tnt''s a. of this a a d |agninst the encroachments of Romanism fiom any Iand every quarter. Since the delivery of Mr. Net- json's speech as-ailing Romanism, anotUer Kpejch, of jthe'same general purp'^t, but under too operation of ]a dilleiei t t-ys'em of tact<<8, v^as delivered by the \ his name. ., • held Jor injurious sreculation; made an unjust liacrimi- Hon. Mr. G rnott of Virginia, stigmatizing" foreign- |lamily, is given those privileges. The hill drew partialdistinction* between pieCmpiors, and seriously affected Irihh adopted citizens who fust fell in defending.]^Timcs—tha; icutiou of :h'ir| .iroepondents "-^-n to fasten ax ind< j" my." ti 'Ti jjnen of the Nava n ^solemnly' invokesMJsts for so ccarve; feJneceeeary, eJnee,: f' upon which it hasthe revenue the public lands. rj-JSir. \V ADE (l<ep., Ohio) desired to vote o,n jibe ve- toed bill without debuteHarper's Kerry, the gent'eo an's own State, fiom the^ I fatraacal invasion of John Brown. Fra ernbeafion, wiid Mr. Jbirr, with tbe enemies of Southern ias itu- : tions, might be accounted for in Northern'Democrats,Air. JODKSQK moved to postpone the v^jto lill De- tfongb the Speaker would not pardon if: r,nr, when cumu satislitd the State had been tilled, and he was^ cember next. honorable'- Representatives from Southern Stetes, placed, with otberfi, in the minority. Ilo enlarged Not agreed te. Yeas, 19; Nays, 26. ele«ted as DtntOerats and representing DemocraticJtured." If rnuir An attempt was made to nominate without a ballot Pichiui nt'e Inaugural Address, saying he had'!npw ve- sentatives of the Free States to ask themselves the • ^vhv make them t•105, for Breckinrid^i h e Pies-idtnt announced the result, when the Con-vention rose and applauded eiuhiisiastically, giving «ev- eral rounds of applause.S O U NATION OF JOSKPH LANE KOR viCK'PRKSIDEST.*<'t-b«.ndot Democratic brotneThood ? Were land others- who. lise nic, said Mr. B. represent constituencies mainly composed of this < lass of citizene, 'to a low out>tetiJei'b, beiaufce they, having paid §1 25 per acre, andLoud calls were made for Yaacey, but. Mr. Greed o^ this bill allow -ng it to 06 purchased for 25 cents per ('hivabous.^outhexners fight their mm ba'.tles againsttookthe.phvifoi-mamidcheers..HeaddressedtheCon- vention in an eloquent and b illiant speech, congratu- lating the Convention on the nomination of- a repre-Wig-uli, lulee—W • r f ' lie begged them to accept these congratulations at the 'there \\«.re several pairs. - ;j ]/hanoh oi a man who had Home reputation as a.factdouist It is proper to state that Mr. Johnson of T<shneaseeand adisuhiuuigi—oi'a man who was, righo or wrong, voted nay .lor the purpose of moving a recotisiceration, this land fiom tbe encroachments of Romanism." ten years ayo, an advocate of dhunion, be^mse he but dis'coveitd too laie- that he should havejvotcd aye Mr. B. denied that there existed such a thing as 4i tho taw tbe cOnKilutidnal rights of the South, invaded by for tbat purpose. • ,.' ProicMuuiisni of this laud,.'" if Mr. Nelson xneanir. as heNA\ S—Ivies«ta. Bwgg, CheHiiut, (Jriitcuden, Devwj Fltzmt- prepared to maintain tilth- rigbte and the Constitution* JoLndon (Aik.),' aiuhory, Mason, Pearco, Powell' aebiwtiau\Vifce, attributed the success of Virginia in that contest sentative of the State-Hights Democracy, who was nc», Gre'en, Berapl.hl, Hunter, Iveraoii, Johuoon I j(Ten a ) to his niiequnled eloquence and Iotty patriotism. Mr.wishes of the Democracy of that'State, they came here l)wii iet of Columbia. He had gone before the State " 31r. TbUMBULElltep., Til ) trusted that the Postalit waa subsequently referred to the Committee on Cre- hao be*n then voted down by States, and bad not suicedentials. advocated disunion. Those men, then, who said ho feat* d than Lave the Department submit to thejdemor- 6eniinicnt or positive law..' He ridiculed tbA pi-oposi-tioi) an arguing gross ignorance of the Coiis'butioii of the Unikd Stateh, ianc ot the orincipbs 6ii which it wasfoundid. But, said Mr. B., admiting that the chivalrous championship "of. Tennessee Americanism had a subt-tantive, tangibleotject for its brave protec- tc;i-ehip,' the gent]*>an aoc» not inform''us which branch or divibion <f American Proteetantwm is the favored sect. Some humorous rem.iiks were b*re indulged in at the expeose/of u»at. right of private judgment asserted by Martin Luther, and resulting iu as many forms of Protest- anism as there were eyes in Argus—tho Epis- copalians, Methodists, Lutherans, Proebytetiaf.s, Biip- tbte, Quakers, Shbkers, &.c, weie introducedascompo-Jlic Republican und Herald offices, and the Demo-had broken the pledge^ and now this wrong construc- cratic headquarters weie briliiantly illuminated this to retain their seats until the Committee on Creden- cate tccfesaon from the Union whenever he saw the Mr. TKUMBIJLL charged that the Senajtor'fromMr. Sewall moved that the Iowa/delegates be invited had, uttered afabehood; but he was prepared to advo- alization rtsultii'g from nb passage. |. "ft, •tion of the rule was no ipoger a peace offering. Sew- exening, in honor of the nomination of Douglas. tials reported whether they were entitled to them. -constitutional rights of the. South "invaded. Ho wus Floiida had consented to the deieat of tlie Poskl Deli"York was prepared to take all responsibility for the Speeches are being made, aud cannon are Wring. The" Adonad. •"'.!.- ;"• • neither for the Onion nor against it. He should watch cienc} bill. He appealed,to every friend of it 50 standresolution he now offered. A.portion of the South had Seccders, beaded by The Bulletin, are holding back. -Mr. J. X). C. Atkinson of Tennessee moved that ihe teraggrcheion on the sovereign rights of the States. by and save it from defeat, by voting to take if up-andseceded only for the avowed reason that a majority ofthe Convention'chose to decide on the contested-seatquestion, against the wishes of the minority, and if suchaction was indorsed by the party there would be an. 'Ohio; Lafayette,.Ind.; Indianapolis, lud.; and in this end of all Conventions.CINCINNATI, Saturday, June &i, 1860. The news of Douglas being nominated created greatpausing it. kMi. ^ ULEE said that this motion had for i:s object the, defeat of the Deficiency bill, but he would repeat ven'ion can at once proceed to make nominations. He ject lor which it was fomied, let it go down. There that 1e would rather bee it defeated than pas^s it in thechairman of each delegation on the floor at.once report He biuuld be prepared te throw away the shell that to the chairman ol the Committee. on Credentials the wt.8 no longer Valuable. The Union would then be a names of the.delegates entitled to vofe, so that the Con Jailure. V\hen government fails to accomplish the ob-Mr. Russell proposed the appointment of a Committee should not have made these remarks had he not been one, and tli<i Deficiency bill was considered!! It re- to report the names of candidates for President and attacked m ihe Senate of the. United States by the can- stoies all the service discontinued or curtailed since the Vice-Prt sident to the Convention, but subsequently didate who had been to-day nominated bv the Squatter 4th of March, 1859, except where there has bben im-1 •"•.. fwithrrcw it. . Sovereignty laction. Ho would have liked to have piov..d scrvico by railroad or otherwise, and except on, n*-nt pans of Amcri au Protestantism, or the " Protest- luont House, bonnres blaze on the corners of the streets, Mr. Butler, of Miu-sachusett.^, as a member of the met the man who thus attacked him in hid own arena the route from ]Seosho to Albuquerque, and, froin Kan- ant inn of this land;" and Mr. B. agaiu aakedwMchand The Times omcc is brilliantly illuminated in hftnOr of the succets of their favorite.BUFFALO, Saturday, June 23,1860. Asaluteof100gunsw«sbredthiHafternoonbythe Democracy on receipt of the news of Douglaa'a nomi- nation, and other manifestations of rejoicing were imlulgcd in. A largo number of his friends gathered at The Courier office for the purpose of ratifying the nomination. Considerable enthusiasm wa« manifested.' OohKNrtKtMu;, Saturday, June 23, I860. : Tho nomination of Douglas was received with great enthusiasm. One hundred guns are being tired, bandsConmiitt.ee on Resolutions in the Charleston, Conven- But tins was not allowed, him, und so he deemed sas City to Stockton, and part of roiue 8,676 I west of of all these w as die object Of.tho gallant eruHiiaor's pro- tion, now on this floor, resigned his place in. the Com- it just to those associated, with him in this move- fclPueo, having to the disci-e'tibnof tho Posttnaster- tection ? Mr. B. icgrette VP at so valuable a coadjutor mittee, and nominated Hon. Benjamin F. Uallett. of ment to bet h)H position right beforo the world He Cnn-ivl, the eame as under the existing lawjitd/idiscon- us tlie " Angel Gabriel" should have been b>w; to soMaJ-sachii^ttm,tofillthevacancy. Agreedto. preferredhispositionshouldbe defined'by'himself tinueorcurtailihetervice. HeisdirectedwMvertise goodaraubcinihetransportprisonsofDcmerura;and. On motion of Mr. Fisher, of Virginia, the Chair was tor i^.posiils forxarrying the mail betweon"Charleston then proceeded to vindicate the Catholic church fromin vindication of tbe principles of.tho party,Mr. Howard, of Tennessee, moved that Hon. Caleb Cusbing, Pjesiaent of the Convention,:be Chairinau of'd'l-ected to appoint a Committee of five' to p -epare an rather than by the greatenemy of the-Democracy He and Key Weft, the service to be perlbrnied'^itecorduig the implied accusation that her mission was to make addre&s to the Democracy of tlie Union, upon the prin- reviewed the actionof the Democratic Convention, and io the sehednlo prescribed in the contract with'the !s£ciples which have governed this body-in making nom- declared tbat alter what.it had done it must be damned Lei, and the Isabel line is u». be paid for service alreadv war upon «"ny denomination or sect, except, by the tpir- inations for the Presidency and Vice-Presidency, and to immortality as a political faction. He recounted the actually performed. ^ v . ^ v ^ y itual weapons delivered to the Apostles. He then elo-said Committee. . jThe motion was unanimously adopted with greatwas the leader of the bogus delegation in the Conven- tion / He said it m no presonaiy olfoni«ivebut who was bt manner,mmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Document•-..-..*!-iij,- :kMr. 1U1EE said, he would rather see that*bill de- where a fetate rebgion is ectablisbed either by publichistory ol the secession at Charleston,.holding Unit the 'constituents pi <heseveral delegations had endorsed theaction oi then- representatives/and designating the ac-tion ol the Convei/tion as an outrage. •, Who he asued oi.the franking privilege except to those grafted by past, triumph over all combinations aud a'la*»aulta»Mr. Barr then read a lengthy extract from a speech of Coiibiderable debate followed. Mr. Garnett of Virginia, in which tbat gentleman joinedM r . l K U M B U U , Uiougbi that this' amendment the• Know-Nothing* in their howl against foreign-l^orn*.hor twenty odd years he had been would jeopardize the bill in she House. An thiit body citizens. In this extract, Mr. Ga-nott says that his•*• of 100 guns is-being tiro 1 to-night, tar barrels are Committee on Resolutions, the Tnatform of the se- known as one ol die most able, intelligent, and active X,,J " doctrines w»re the doctrines of old Virgima, and reo*blazing at tin; street comers, and the Douglas Democ- ceders at Charleston without crossing u t or dotting au i. opponents of the Democratic party. Mr. Papons was & M°! * » ^ J ^ H ^ i t i O o , it would defeat tibia bill.racy,are having a good time generally in honor of the He then moved the previous, question, which was hiBincnd and neighbor, but he had'been found votinir Mr, MAJf.UOliY. (Dem... Eia.) raised the Joint of ognized there as such by all parties." M«*.Barr tracedMr. lOAVEUL, (Dem.) of Kentucky, off<red sin amendment, the efi'cot .of wliich was the total abolition-amendment,butwithdrewit.•/••• lFl;and guises in tbo Alien and bedition laws, NativeSev^al votf s were bad when tbe hour ibr recWnatural im-tiocts of eelf-defense, we would lettuosequently expatiated on the true mhjsiou of theCathoho church, aid expressed his conviction that, guided by er Divine founder, she would, in the future' ie* in theSP* ." ' ,'•<*»*&•?D-irian.Mr.-ftJarr lushed the f ict a were not'Virgin in that Stat 3.-ex now shattered' bold in her bor< Sound and whoi tobisCatholic toldth«n»«iatt3 forces into tjwo.j•denounced a•*. p Protect icii of M of RomaidsniheCKicag« di« •with the in^cri v cbusetis iim^t f*tionfortte ir riouc, woo d p tbeydoattiis- littcally, fbes e nigger"; the ot altogether nit- faggots Ms. 3 belligerent ciai fair in the'Old butthomoEicr,t taneously strike-common enemy nbfhed, thty i Iroiic. So will Repubbracsanjc please foe h»« 1he Catltoli< t bis conatitnt 'm. forces, and l>-v and the dsntr tliau the Naii'Vi and rights M seusions in tn- ing that an e|r< an"d.mite thi'v andb*gged \&a gird upthek ki approaching c*aenergies to b- will nave tbj tr bcratic [ part. proper rebtrix tx for their eflbrte-izens from tuty)p a r t y obligoti- Mr.'Garnett s and denounceHi b political houm 1 oThesi>eecl, f will, we le-iin. North and \ \•ft mittee. .bill authori-xintri the maibi ,b*twi« Panama. :o thej Mr. CUR' !Mr.JBLATE(}vice. The niail ^800.000'per P'MX [ Mr. CLAlfK (iior.*Thi?, Mr. SUIWill not aeco nip], ihe bill, "vbihMr. M D *C< •jmoved asui:cua iduce it.to-1 Disagreed iAdjourn:eeThe mo •experienced a sh •by that jour ial, ufactured'; etorii our Oriental \ isisonalhiston ofto believe tiat !years of age ran jbud pleasant mai | if not, perem )(-.'ridemoralizai !'.>!;> o;beyond that wot itions bestowed t iovil tbo mo;i jtrotorgan like ijeel the assurc'.n^ t has not y<t s the femmiuc eoni that, on the othcof injury }imw |cocity Of An;i>ri ! ities of scivii ;/a:i< chosen assoc iateiwhich beset Lim'tering than juriwceptiug j tb i g]u* www.fultonhistory.com/.-;•;; 