giiaat the Gorenusent of Ooats Bka, and I am investigate and detenntoe the questioa of fraud, agent oftte CWga mftna&eturvr. ABdbere itin» be ceUanaaaa aorvloM^.. M,44a,00l TT luum to infimnyon thai these have finally pre- and what ought to fce iu eonsequencea. If, at the obeerred mtfyetj large proportfoa of th« mauKbo' Jtor aerrlce of ImlarlorIbl* for 'tlw dUTeraua bttwew their 6ld« tad the amount for wUch tha atoA cu aoir be nesotlated. The neceasltfM of the Treuory denaad OTompt ac- tion on thU Mttlnt. Rot eoly are tte Tmsury BotMtedanptlon, but,vaued. A coDvention waa signed at the city of two first elections, the «na)ority refosed to rote, it ture^J^orted from abroad are oonslgiied for aale to Department. (IndianaBan on the Id of between the Min- cannot be pretended that this refusal to exercise oomiitaiifitf merchanU who are mere ageata employed and{>enal<n*).^. . . JoM, July last, by the manufacturers. In nioh caws no actual sale Tor service of War De-I,r»^K M 64S2,ni tt tjmjvnmdue in for aa al-^«^ Thenotgoister Beeident of the United States in Costa Bica the elective franchise could Invalidate an etection has been made to fix their ralue. The mann- partMit ..post rapidly eoodagto seawl*-a„^^l, ,f ,„g^aod the of that refer- Plenipotentiaries Be^ablic,fairly held under lawful autliOTitT, even if tliey hadracturar, If be be fdreign oishonert, prepares an Inroiee of theFor aervlce ofDe-ready atated,tofna, thereby wiflidnwinic from the Mfular opera- tion! of the Oomwnent Ita principal source of rev- enue.ftduties, so far as this may be practicable. They dis- The loan of June 22, 1660, the amounttothese wrongs, will avail."jLfterwaids, in 1867, came the adoption of a ne^vas well asJanuary, 1860, between France and England,the year. The adiount stated, $46,839,232 98, does notInclude the entire balance of the appropriations here-ourponpnnishfen on Congrea* the powermaintain a Navy, aadConatitution for Mexico, the election of a Presidentwithout the effukion of blood.six from iU and these are to be ascer- tofore made by law, but such sums as the respective service. On theother in months date,Ooveinment has afforded it all the protection in thetheir power.Meanwhile, the Government of Miramox stillpaymauent increase of the navy, accompanied thaat the Capital and over the surrounding coantry, and continued its outrages against the lew American citizens who still had the couragebyksimply be deemedShowing a deficit ol estimated means forthe servlcqof the fiscal year endingJune 30, lB62, ofI'he sugget>tions above made, as to not drawingbeldswaynecessary for revenueour coasts and commerce, aad of American citizcBs'hospital place,out crime and without trial. This was done, not-;from the books of the Treasury. la the year presented by Secretary report Congress $8,000,000.from the varied successes of political POLiCT or EtrsFENDnro bxpaibs.these Circumstances, I deemed itmy duty to rec-pennttof a sufficient military force to penetrate mto the interior, where the Government of Hjsauon was to be found, with, or,' it need be,by the but all other sums Departmeht,the$55,402,465cluding Treasury notes for the same fiscal year en3- i^g on the SCthof June, I860, amounted to $3,177,314i^)proptlated by Congress. There Is no reason why the expenditure for the present or next fiscal year should exceed thatclaas of public officers.In each of my former aimtial reports I called the at-should thus have been relieved from the obligation of resisting, even by force, shOirld tliis beco.Tie ne- cessary, any attempt by Ihe^c GLjvcrnmo.its to de-to worksandhas been continuedinformerimmediately responsioie.policyi.oiportod proliibitin^adoption.I cordially coinraerd to your favorable regard theIt is impossible to anticipate the effects which this threatened revulsion will produce upon the businessstrengthen former convicUons.. Accompanying thespoiisibUityUnderthe abuses caimot exist systemour nei^hboiins ilepublic of portions of herAFT.ICAN SLATE-TRADK, ,10.the of upon Republicinto the Union without such submission.375,400The claims of our citizensKioaiagua have not yet been provided for by treaty,although diligent effods for this pntpqse have to review the proceedings of Congress upon the been made by our Uinisler Eesident to that Repub- Lccomnton Constitution. It is sufficient to ob-For Intereat on public debt.remiktaTi tbey require repair* ihould be conviS and Interest thereon there Is yet to be negotiated •nto uoopa-of-m r, aad fanny Into atore *hiM, ud ia eleven mlllloni of the ctock authorized by the act of the Utter cannelty would b* u»e«ul boUt for store* a>drious outlaw, in the southern portion of the Terri- aattafeetorycondition. Inmytwolastannual tory,toresisttheexecutionofthelawsandtoraeaaacapitalists, In toe presentadvantageoustothe subject of these relations, and do now propose to repeat at length the facts and arguments then presented.plunder peaceful citizens, will, I doubt speedily subdued and brought to justice.not, beduty previously*20.624,600 00—messages I discussed extensively'They proved conclusivelyin Mexico and our merchants tradmg thereto hadCongress,not difficult to imagine, whilst recalling the posi-quarter,so much of the act of Jane 22, 18M, as authorizes the Uiulng of this addltluial eleven mlllloni of stock, andThePmtka*Xladen-whieel steamars Sutqutkanna, Saranae aadcan, by Introducing screw propul^ca, haHad I treated the Lecompton Constitution as a that our ciUzens residing nullity and refused to transmit it to it isand outrages such as borne from any other na-tion of the at that countryhave been the disastrouswhat consequences, both inMaking the aggregate expenditure, a«- certained ana estlmatea, for the csr-deed so confident had the Mexican aHthorities be- Administration, was in a state of open rebellion. port than at another.lenves a balance in the Treasury onof Affica aadcome of our patient endurance, that they univer-the power of the Government, and of its purposeThis was the more dangerous, as the people, anTAn impression strangely enough prevails to someJulyI, the commence- 1861, beingfrom the conviction wheel steaman aia useful In and as that there should always exist in pease,sallytheyGreat Brit- ain glories In free trade, and yet Ler wholo revenue;might commit these outragesmated by a fanatical and intrenched within spiritspecificduties. Nothing can be more fiUacious.$245381batnoaidt-v*etl ateamereaa limited amount, under the direction of ttie President, dent aa a war steamer.believedupon American citizens with absolute impunity. their distant mountam fastnesses, might have 3%us wrote OUT Minister in 1856, and expressed made a long and formidable resistance. Cost what the opinion that " nothing but a manife^tion of it might, it waa necessary to bring them into sub-the vessels In war Department power to isaue treasury note* for aThefrom imports is at the present moment collected un- sum embraced In the estimated expenditure to meet unforeseen contingencies. It Is a power INCKIABI or THE tli.ti.be force into the Terri- lation of the President. Within one short month, to convince the tnatand Cooness under its provisions, and the inauga- effected a bysending militaryonlytained an average of the prices for six Departments have indicated be required. ernment to meet without embarrassment those sudden Stale has, by that Instrument, the right or the powera rebellion in theforeigtnhecomutdotrtihees,fehdaevrianlg GpaorvteemdDiaat in tbtywt for at onhcaeve already stated that provision shovild be made ftehrerlcsgommon benefit That we must have a tatto relieve the from its NavyCapital bypoweroftheBepublicwasassignedto Gen. Zu-lAAOA. This usuiper was in his turn soon com- cy was ptrsued with emiijeiit successand it ;the civil war commenced, and still continues to bejitosacoted.Throughout the year 1S58 the Constitutionalsexuirsetliyng tarpiefrfsohnavweoulpdonoebjefcurtt.her, and in a liberalBispoblicTreasury July 1, 16£l,ESTIHATKS TDK THE FISCAL TEAB tSOH JULYno policy can be recommended of a permanent char- 1, acter.naval force adequate to our protection. WtthWpop-army,supremeimmediate submission to ttie Government. This poli-ly converting the ad valorem dutiesof a tarifi'inequiv-Treasury present em- and self-defence—the means of barrossmenttt, produced by the causes referred to. To protfctionpelled to retire and give place to Gen. Mikamos. march aadditional amount ofauthorize the issuing of an treasury notes, not less Uian tendetaclimei.t of the army to that remote and to ftirnisb its subsistence. Ut«h is now adopted, SeSor JpaRkz. as Ciiief Justice of the Su- Pflmpatatively peaceful and quiet, and the military preme Court, l)ecarac the lawful Frcsid^l of the fore* has be*"!! withdrawn, t-xcejit that portion of it was tor the maintenance of tlie necessaiy to keep the In*!i;ins in check and to protect Consthution and his authority derived from it that tlie emigrant trains on their way to our Piicidc pos-are means, the Depart- of toUnder the Constitution which had thus beenlargeWith these emmcnt,self-evident piopoaiUons. Ttiis tranaCgrIn my first annual message I promised to employ my best exertions, in co-operation with CoJigT«bS, to reduce the expenditures of the Government within the limits of a wise and judicious economy. An over-at the Capital had almost universally been tlie sig-nal bn suomission throughout the Republic. Nota« on the present occasion. A ma ority of the cit-ze^ persistently sustained! the Coiistitutional Gov-ernment. When this was recognized in April,1869, by the Government of the Unit.g(i States, its Departments. The result of our labors in thisperiod amount of the Vexioo began to revive, and the Constitutional very largesame inaa- sevea home trade aat leas valuable, it wciUd be strange and imaccoiutablaandtdatoiy of Mexico a succe8."iful military revolution..hundred millions of and a any laws that might be passed, if Congress, how- doUars,Party grew strongerstronger.In thepreviouspriveterritory a dutywithout abandoning the traditional anrl established Mliffle slavespecifically defined. The object of the Departmeat has been to Improve the condiUon of the master ne- chanlcs and other civilians and increase their re-— from wliich we couid not shrir.^isatisfajtinn I communicate the fact, ttiiT. since tfie ditte of my last Anim:il Messag*, not abeenh:*..'^of the American people. 1 am happy to ob- in violation of the lawsinto the Unitc;d Statesthe African yiave-Congressgreat confidence^thatthey:native was to accomplish, in some duifr!:r, if possi- vhich now exists against the ciiinc ol set in^ an foot ble, tlie same objects by treaty .=^;'pulaiions with military expeditions within the limits of tlie UidteJ the ConsUtutional Goveninirat. Such treaties were States, to proceed from til ?nce and make war uponthe people of imofTcndiiig States, with wboin we are at peace. In tills re.-pect a happy cliaiig<; has been * fleeted since the commencement of my Aiiauiistra-pricrcs, money seelvingarid, indei'd, everythirig to indicate more" than t'le jobit rc.solutijn authorizing the "Secretary of the usual increase in irade aud business. The causes Treasury to cause inquiry to be made, by two com-necessi-uy public NATAL ACADi;UY.concluded by our kite nbx an'! excel-lent Minister to Mexicann-'l on il.e Jth .lanu-irylast were submitted to The Senate lor ratification. tion. It to be theThe Naval Academy has prospered unocrthe super- intendence of Capt Ulaxs. and is in admirable oo!i- litical character, and tlierer'ore so uepcnd^pt for their ratiOLi of the coins of the I'nited States. Under the dlUon. The measure of providing quarters on boardaccordinglylooked outside of the forfinancuilthey of a po- for pieveiitirr; abrasion, counterfeiting and deterio-As these iiave not yet received the final action ofthat body, it woulo be improper tor me to presenta detailed statement of ttieir;proM>io!!s-. Still, I from our shores.In titled " Au actultimate effect upon future development ISat it is im- authoritypossible at jirefeiit to >ay what will boAcextent of ers. On Uie 2*jd June, 1860, an additionalthis and accommodates all the sections of the purpose,fourth class with study and recitation rooms and theto cxfrosr-, tlio opuiioii in advance it would be a ii-eless repetition to ilo i.nor? tliaa re- fer, with earnoftt coii.mcnd.itiou, to my former rocom- that they are calculated to [remote the agricultural, iLfcr.datlons In favor of the Pticific Railroad—of tlietoanwili tbeomnporary, andfawrill .asocotniopnas-osfaway, th^ there tobe manufacturing,tion of lf'37. necessity any Cougress, except Corurai.'maypermittedand co:)ir.'^.c-.T!i-! intere-ts of theprovide for the enibjirrafsment.s alread)^ existing in the.«oand the arUon ofwe can uc-cr feci indilTerefittime they proiido for thep.i.yment of n considorabla amouTit towards the satislaction of the clainis ot our injured fellow-citizens.'i'he receipts into itic Treasury duringganizationagain raging both North and South, state of the public mind,have extended into the neighboring States.mightThe hostile parties in Kansas had been inflame<lagainst each other by emisiaries both from theKorth and the South, to a degree of malignity with-out in our To prevent actual col-tion, appointingthingsteittion of Congress, and its early action will be re-parallel history.lision, and to assist the civil magistrates in enforc- ing the laws, a strong detachment of the array wa.^90 236,273 5Sdollars, perstationed in theTerritory,consequently,these fifteen States would be disfran-act Dee. 23, 18476,131,200 00 —18,219,8*7 13 means for theJunefallingyear ending June jected t^ie Government to the ttnnecessary pavmeDtofinterest during the time the money would have re-of LcNosTKKST from the and his re- Judge Congress,former it is obvious that It can be broken period, yetthe people.October and Wovember.IIn mv last Massage gave,,,,.•'., / warning that, m a time ofwas as follows the quart«r <udlogWkich amount ofwas applied to the respective branchee of the publleSpainJused to vote atIt is now quite evidentof the Government will require a modliicaUon of the:ofuntil the 8th day of September. 166«, whenjftani,J°4fi^^°^*lM'^?^*^^°{^*^^. revenue officers. Hence$1,099,000.raquiringcontracts to be glvan te the;ready to aid the Marshalwhen lawfully called upon as asion. It isonly necessarysuccessful in more slavers than at any capturingThe ballot-box is the surest arbiter of disputes among freemen. Under this conviction, every proper effort was employed to induce the:of delegatesto frame a Constitution, and afterterwards at the emergency.$77,462,102 72from the would publicthe last fiscal year.The general operaUons of the Treasury Depart-would be aparad the large expenditure of treasure and life to whiah they are now subjected to *-»'-'-' the present squad-election to decide whetHfsr Kansas should be a Blave or a Free State. The insurgent party re-TABIFF.ment, since my last annual report, have beenually recovered from the revulsion of 1837, aad Itseither, list this might lie consid- recognition on their part of the TerritorialTo civil, foreign intercourse, and nds- cellaneous servicesgotiationany portionof the loan wasattemptedproposalswas felt in the re-ered atiovemment establishedsession, for tM purpose Increasing the revenue. In this aspect,healthy and prosperous condiUoalief thereby ahorded to the publicwithin a short period 1 had coafidenUy expectedsession a gratiiying condiUon of the Govern-spirit, however, seemed soon alter tothe two partiesDepartment,and_pensl0BS) DepartmentTo the debt pubUcExlUbitad In detaU In Statement No. 1ArmyNavy,wUl be foundInjuri-tion, held on tKe first of Mondaypatented have.January, 1858, for tnembeis of the Legislature and State officers cinder the Lecompton Constitution. The resultthat the loan could be readily nagotiated at that rate,for at that time the 5 per cent, stock of the United abouthy causes States was selling In the market at a 3 foreseen, could notby Congress.AbetterTo service of Interiorof the loan, which wasto meet all the notes that would fallprohttdtlne the purchase of patentedand ijtet face to face at the tliird elec-(Indiansspecific inatsal To service of Warpresent to Congress atof The Constitution, and all duty.?ton'1151S18u'e!xt:e°n,t1.w^err° "",•=*? temptations which adviJue, valorem duUes presentyear, 1861,...„.^„^„ $40,000,000 00due to the Inventive our gaalaa ofconvictionsthe proceedings wnich preceded and followedIts lomiation, were fair aod regular on theiriiioe. I tten believed, and experience has P»^ '-^ SOodB thr*examined all theandcountrymea. eVPFLIXS rOB THB aATT.that the interests of the feaple of Kansas:iwell^rould haTe been beat consulted by its admission«ni^^^?^^°°',prevail,due before Jan.its statement of the financialous to theand repair of a steamship of war, become of daily usethat this should, ifobject possible,toit would enable the Gov- prohibits the St^tei aom exercising aoefa power. Bfofor himself.theytimate of increased revenue Irom that source. Apart,portsCongress,selection of those workmen, subject to the approvalwas the taumph of thepolls. Tllis decision of t!ie ballot-box proved clear-ly that this party were in the majoritv, and remov-dllhe danger of civil war. From that time wehSTCheardlittleornothingofiheJTopekaGovem- advalormdutieswould,Intheory,bethemostjustof tUsWhat is true of the steam ma-atment; and all serious danger of revolutionary trou- bles in Kansas was then at an end.The Lecompton Constitution, which had been thus tecognized at this State election by the votes of all the political parties in Kansas, was trans- mitted to me, with the request that I should pre- sent it to Congress. This I could not have refused to do without violating my clearest and strongestthe whole amoimt expectation, offered was taken either at par or asmall had ar- premium. Before, however, the timerived for payment on the partof the fcidders, the finan- cial crisis, to which 1 have already referred, came. Some of the bidders promply compiled with theirAnti-Slavery Partytliethe expenditure for the fta-description.IT,withinabriefperiod,couldhaveamendedthe cnasorandanotherfor the Custom-house Sid tofi>rfelted! TbeiepowerDepartment,totheshlps-of-the-lineonly. TheDelavareIsconsid- purchasefiour ofparticulartatandsinopenmaAnt.ftwas DOt lor thePresident,but forCongress,toticle£ abfva^l* ^'o; «? Ue disUcae;* uif ..:*•- si3.x u- t'cr £lvi;, tJici^a ttcrco'.:;;!; aotl Bis-IIers,of-the-Une at theshlps-It is withgreatsen-e that, firmly rtlj ing upen the ji;s'.r:r and joml traoe. This statement is fuimded upon a thorough interests of the of th'.s district. peopleof this officer will be found the action of the Ilepartraent under the act of March 3, 1857, autiioriz- Ing the analysis of iron ores. It will be found to be\\ ithoutthe Commandant aad of offi- involving corpsvoted at the thirdNavy partment .....u>d conditionvessel* of the N»vy, ate dlscuased. The oit^^Slielection. It isproviding for the payment of their awards. This true that the whole Constitution had not been sub- rate necessary to escape detection. In this manner For payment of creditors orof a.e other eUiMttnot subsequentlycoavention -will be submitted immediately to the mitted to the people, as I always desired but the the dishonest Importer and the foreign manufacturer Texaa,per aot of Feb.-J8, 'Se. 1 fiaa 81ling these claims to a Board of Commissioners.and Benate for their constitutional action.lic. These are stUl continued, with a fair prospectsuccess.MEXICO.Out relations with Mexico remain in a most un-goods, not at their actual Tafue, but at the rery lowest-q<>|^UtiM; precedents are numerous of the admission of Statesenjoy a decided advantage over the hoaest merchant. Tbey are thus enabled to undersell the fair trader, and drive him from the market In the ofFor redemption of Treaaujy notes.Wlli.SM 47-116.543,473Tbe particulars In regard to the negotiaUoa of the 1* not worth the C^titZH'^IZ^^ loan authorized by the act of June 22, 1860, required many years a*rn,ao„hioo^l rtdp for Uie tobereportedtoCoogrsMbyIhethirdsectionofthe andSmtMara-atopanUvalynow,uA»cademyTs^SiIt would not comport withmy present purposefact, operation this system, has already driven from the pursuits of..act, erea*serve that their final action has removed the last vestige of serious revolutionary troubles. Thedesperate band recently assembled, under a noto-UThe remedy for these evils is to be found ia specific ing to the reporter the Reslater, U. . 4«,t»,232 96 cultlea attending the pcntmt for the stock al- 6oUt prior to 16«$, aadthe^lg^requlrrSlchuiSto the Constitution and the laws. Soundgo to Incraaae number of our ihlps-of-war. The Constltntioa eoa-jectionpolicy, therefore, humanity, requiredone of the articles provides that the ad valorem duties whichduties with-demand* Treasury compelled to do soTreasury. No Secretary of theefficiency,equallythaand the only caufe for regret is tie heavy expendlmre required toappropri-millions of dollars.course, that at least four millions of dollars more partment will be enabled to meet all lawful demands power Congress on the one hand, and the abna-regionEe6S10IlS.ufacturer the incidental protection to which he IsFINA^'CES.1861, TO jnNi 30, 1862.Estimated from customs receipts^sowing treasury hiti produced habits of prodigality and extravagance which could only be graduallv cor reeled. Tlie work required both tune and patience.marlted Ihat this incidental protectiondecreases whenany providingFederal GovemmaatI applied myself to this task from the dilipcntlyleast, slidingalways operates against him. The revenues of the.$64.485,881 58 Estimated expenditure from permanentviews of tlie Department, to my former that subjectreportsonbegimilng, and was aided by the able and en- ergetic efforts of the Heads of the different Executive1602appropriationsEstimated expenditure from balance ofextended over a large majority of the cause did not appear in the sum total of good$9,626,38620threatenedorthelives ofAmericananthotityiCexican States and people, including Vera Cruz our expenditures for the first two years,* mainly and all the other important seaports of the Rs- m consequence of the extraordinary expeoditure ne- xnblic. From that our commerce with cessarily Incurred in the Utah expedition, and thepreparedjeopardy, is not only a consUtottiBiiil but ona af duty,of These greatly exceeded and mileage of the members. For the year eliding the 30th of June, 1858, whiUt the pay and mileage umoimted to $1,49*0,214, the coatlngcnt ex- rose to $2,093,309 79, and for the year ondlng yfueuiieEe3s0, 1SS9, whilst the pay and mileage amounted to $859,093 66, tte contmgent expenses amounted to am happy, however, to b** able to in-ford additional stability both to our revenue and our manufactures, and without injury or lujusticc to any interest of the This beEstimates now submitted tlie Execu- bytive Departments for appropriation by Congress12,198,112 6246,939.227 29 would facilitate the operations of the Department, mending the poUcy of a gradual, substantial and par-Congress during this period.country. might dCcompUshed ascertaining the average value of anv given arti-After the battle of Tacubaya, in April, 1359, Gen. 30th the of the Govern- by lesser amount the June, Ifceo, total expenditures next, and in the end the aggregate would be the same.ol the authorized appropriationsservice.In this coimection, the attention of Congress IsHabquxz ordered three citizens of the United ment, in all Its branches—Legislative, Executive andStates, two of them physicians, to be seized in JudicialI desire to call your immediate attention to the pres- —exclusive of the public debt, were reduced ent condition of the so andpearsending on the Mth June, 1858, the total expenditure,and to recommend, that measures be promptly adop-dischargeThe other recommendations of the report are wellnone but sail vessels empleyed in the service. Steam vessels are so rapidly supplanting sail vessels la theparties.withstanding our unfortunate countrymen were atthe moment engaged in the holy cause of afford- 128 77, and that for the year ending 30th worthy of your favorable -consideration.exclusive of the public debt,amounted to(71,901,rthe and next fiscal presentyears maybe illustratedIncountrythat thepresentThe policy, pursued by Congree* since thecomaaer-employmentwithoqt the consent of the Juarez Government, 62, which, added to the above sum of $55,402,465 46, mendable wasmakes the of $58,579,780 08. was not doubted ttiat this consent could aggregatespirit,to makewillingtherely uponjustice there-Increase, it may be safely stated that the expenses forthoughon any sub) ect than of the justice as well as wisdomIt ought In justice to be observed that several of theCongressup;I,the two years will n^t exceed $60,000,000 each—mak-of executing those provisions has been so fully dis-A project to aboUsh the Navy-yards could not be eater- talned by any one who did not also entertain the la- sane project of abolishing the Navy. If maintalaad«June 30, 1860, were reduced by Congress b»low whatwas and stUl is deemed compatible with the public In-terest Allowing a liberal margm of $2,500,000 forzens wlio had gone to Mexico, under the faith of this reduction, and for other causes, It Buiy be safely for of the adopted prosecutnedumbeyrousasserted that the sura of $61,000,000, or at the mast $62,060,000, is amnly sufficient to administer the Gov-of such a exceptpolicy.were I to omit Ihe mention of his distinguished ser- vices in the nwasures and hima lawwould leave an excess of estimated means over esti- /statute books which cannot be executed, when, by a for the purposes for which they exist There la aaNo other alternative was left, the entire abandonment of our fellow-citi-treaties, to the systematic injustice, cruelty andoppression of Mieamon's Government. Besides, ernment and to Uie interest on theeffected, aud thethe maintenance afit is almost certain that the simple authority to em- ploy this force would of itself have accomplishedwithout striking a single blow. The Constitutional Government would then ere this liave been established at the City of Mexico, and would have been ready and willing, to the extentof its ability, to do us justice.public d^bt, events sboutd hereafter render ex-previous to the treaty of cession. The successful op- position to these claims has saved to the UnitedaccompIlsh4be objectsall ourobjectsproperty holdingpay unless contingentfor which wcra theytraordinary expenditures necessary.This result has been attamed in a considerable de-states publicand to iadlvldualgworth many millions of dollars,tiUe under them to at leastthreatening speakmorefullyhereafter. Thecouatrywasneveramount of bullion received at the several mint estal)- lishments during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1860,,provements The systembe This couldbythe;do this. should CongressIt In existence and it employingcontmgent expensesaccomplishedit shall be converted into specific lm|)05€sexigencies of the public hand,'wouldBWfiered a series of wrongswe have never patientlytion For these our successive Ministers, invoking and out of the Territory»from such a dereliction of our ad vclortm system, such preferences are to some Whlcb amount, (toducled from the to-the &ith of treaties, had, in the name of their 4uty on the part of the Executive. extent inevitable, and complaiots have often been tal of ascertained and e^llmate^ country, persistently demanded redress and indem- Peace has also been restored within the Territo- mnde that the spirit of this provision has been violated means for the service of the current nification, but without the slightest effect. In- ry of Utah, which, at the commencement of ray by a lower appraisement of the same articles at one fiscal year 1861, as before stated, «moment,or revenuetothe ports of ore State over thohe of another" Under rent fiscal year 1861made officiant and eot^omlcai war •teaimr*. 84,103,109 1 notes to the same amount) to be negotiated at such Uitmtiffi Is worth no tn<H« repairs than she Is aov rates as will command the confidence of the country. recelTiDg. Of tha new eeond-olasa steaa^bMIL To create that confidence, / recommend that tke imhiic four have beea eminently meceufnl, two have-aal landi be uncotuUtionaUf pledged for tkt uUimaU re- performed so well aa the larger class, and one U la dimptton ofali the treatury notes wkiah it may itcomt be prepared for a new trial. The five screw-ateaaan nwtssary to isnte, 1 make this recommendatlDn of porchaaed, are petforalog very efficient aenrlca a>are emi-faith of these GovemniTnts. there is no prc-it-iit exaaiination and investigation of the f<ubject. luioei, nently entitled to your considerati'^i.; especially of the The absence of all thethat such a comingoncyj^lnce, unlike the people of the Slates, they can ap- causes for such a state of leaves no data things iipon-.vill hnppen. Havir.r; disccvcrcd tl;at lay rccd:ii:nend?ti )}i=.would not be sub!ri::cii by Congress, the next alter- I al?o entirely congratulate you upondanger1-oruonof our lellow-citizons in favor of tliLs tradethe sentiment public— pealtonoGovernmentexceptthatoftheUnion. whichtoiTiakecalculation'^ alltheelementsofpros-an instructire document on thismaterial inter-the t-pirit which prevailed some time since among acotintry. ordinaryM-emstohavesu'isided.— of our country. JAMES BUCHAN.VN. perity are in existence abundant crops with rera'm- estgreatof Cliri^an and patriot, tliat such expeditions may never aaain receive counteuaixo mour country or departthe Treasnry.TSEASVr.Y DKrAKT.MHNT, DCC.-I. 1960.with t*ie act ofgrant ol pf>\\er to the l*resiJeii'.iiiid to secure o'jr jr.st i-nfluence with an force in tlio vicinity, for the protecUon of the lives andol the>^iiffect slK'UlJ prove more |>rrmantnl, tiie fart .will bemade manifest the scssiun of doting presentcla.ss«£ of with of tke midshipmen speak pleasurecountry,adjoining republic ^s to wiiase Icrtunea and fa'eKANSAS AND CTAII.At the period of my inauguration I was cciifror.t-ed in Kansas a revolutionary Government, ex- tion, that without such a power we do uot afford thatficult to estiuiaie the ad^anta^e which would be de-rived by the Government and the puiilic from his cis-coverv. The experiments already made have been of the of tlhuegher class,pawrhticuhlalrelfyt attended with such result3"as to Induce the opinion the Insptriotfuiticoinenwciyth a grgcruanddu-awtoi.n^gh of profcssioaalwhilst at the sameprovidesurely ou^htpiaycreveryof ihi.s Prof. Heitbt Veth4ki and R. E. the School forthe founh class Las law. lo act as Shippr.^perty of oor fellow-citizei;s passing madvancement in professional acquirements Irora the lower to the classes, andtrau.'. t over Itifdiflcrint Centra! Aiueiican routes, againit sudt'enCongress, the neces-progressivean American merchant vcss^^ls, thi-ir crews andand lawless outbreaks an.l deproilalions;t also tothe liKai year 164JO were Hb followsFor lh58 quvterendinp Sept. 30,protectcargoes, against violentof Mexico and the South .American republics, when these may be in a disturbed::coiifiscation in theportsNavyand revolutionary condldon. It i:,my settled convic- From treasiu-y notes, per379,650fullypracticabilityby to those in the commerce of ilie under what is called the Topeka Constitu- protection engagedco.i'iitieto be the casenot only so, but in conse-viz.: in 1855 23 per cent 19M in 1656; lb)i in 1857; Hit iacountry which they have a right to demand. ELECTION OF HEMBEBS OF CONGBESS.;istingtion.torial Government by force, and to inaugurate what was called the Topeka Government in its stead. To accomplish tlus object an extensive military or-was formed, au'l its command intrustedto the most violent revolutioniiry leaders. Underthese circumstances, it became my isapcrativeduty to exert the whole constitutional power of thtExecutive to prevent the flames of c'w'A war lro:n throughout the Union for holdine the election of From customsin Kansas, which, in the eicitixi electors lor President and Vice-Presideat of tha From public lands210,000 00 —20,816,605 85 :failure of Uie bidders for theomply with the terms of their bid, a nortiou of thefor this purpose the sum of $100,000.at lis last session authorized the appoint-fouad deficient; of theIts avowed object was to sulxiue the Terri-queu' c of thelate loanury; im In 1659out of theConfederacy were without representatives, and that,can Slave-trade, and in thefifteentturty-threodayto that the withdrawal saychised by such a calL These fifteen States wjU be indeputies, theintwomodesonly. Cubaisnowtheordymartia theworldopentothistrade. I(GreatBriumshould enforce Ihe proviiioa In her treaty with Spain, ofand hispastecomualas,intheexecutionofcivilandciim- thesameconditiononthe4thofMarchnext. Tenof MaskeirvnigreolthaeirIgLrsecgaiateup.inal process. them caanot elect representatives^ according to edst- year ending Still, the troubles in Kansas could not have imt State laws, until different periods, extending from 30, 1800treasury they The of the of the Coast Sur-$61,001,309 43 niengaodtivatnecdetohfe wtheolneotaemsount thedrueo,f,woraladnhyapvoertsiuobn- vey, prreespeonrUtng the oSpueprearUionntsenodfentthis service for the September 23, 1817, by which, fohrerthe coGnrseiadteration ofbeen permanently 5cttle<l without an election byhostile to vote at the election partiesTheS*, 1^60.For the quarter ending Sept. 30, 1853last fiscal early day.at anthe beginning of August next until the months ofu 111 be submitted toThe accompanying reports from the various bu-two millions of dollars paid by Bdtaia,sudden and alarming danger, the salvation of our in-upon the power of the Presi- to summon Congress, to meet thetincalled for.if CubaUnitedalso be effectually suppressed, aad In elthsr caaa, both the United States aad Great BrltalBmight depend dent immediatelyMarch 31,1860a statement tain detailedBtitutionaqutrter endingthey became due. sides, the withdrawal of such an amount ofannual hi favor of Messages,1, 1851. The rate of Interest waspresentment A different result how.ver, has been broughtlatter. Since steam was introduced, a greattion andI am convinced that specific du-have been averted by anyAU which is respectfully submitted.HOWELL COBB, Secretary of the Treasury.Hon. WiujAM Pessiaotok,of the House ol RepresentoUves. THE NATT DIPAAtMBNT.indispensable.experience necessary,both to the revenue and ts protectpremium.of percent The result realized this just and of the Departmentand avarietyandequal. But It the experience of this and of all other commercial nations has demonstrated that suchduuet cannot be assessed and collected without frauds the great upon revenue, then It Is the part of wisdomof$3,639,20671antiquated advantageto resort to speciftc duUes.Indeed, from the very na-(16,119,831the Nary.SccreUry TocCEY aaya that the Board of Offi-most cherished clothing;>;"'?""> duty, SSi. -inli^^."'*i*318,897 98 -16,719,790 04 The estimated receipts during theMostrriS^i'i.'iJI- ?5^T^i^^,.5°'*^S* I' '^»»their bids within the timeof the bidders availed themselves of this extensioB, and made their on or t>efore thetion of his mostIt Is impossible to build, equip and provide a steaaThe Treasury win,thilr true value. on theandof the currentdeposits accordingly22d November, 1860. A portion, however, failed to do BO, and to them the additional thirty days has been offered, on condition that they would increase theirex-ship-of-war, with modem effleiency, without trespass-« 1}^to^^-^cent To this been received-brigs, sloops, frigate* Navy-Yai;;!* from KIttery, Maine,Tery lowest''ju'Se4°'?860'".''°^ 21,000,000 00-64,0«0,«)0 if o^n succeeds in M aking the total of aacertalned and e«-iiiaa laweat The queation presents Itself, what action shall be wen Included In the opinion of the Board. The biddar, and authorized the Secretary of the Kbtt to1originally prescribed.nutritibus and accaptahle food.to thf* navAi employ:liscal jeai Ibl^O, tJie balujice ia the Treasury Si,i'Jt,iTj 54.and u-ilawful seizure andFromcustom.sFrom puklic lands From misc. sourcct"(-trong couv iction of my own mind to tliat effect, tiiat 1 do not hesitate to recommend a sufficient appropri-From customsI again recommend to Congxeas th^ passage of a From public lands93 445,535 36 149,392 76this Government in theliiterDational StaUsUcal Congress, which met in Lon- ceives favorable notice.Summerre-law in pursuance of the provisions of the Constitu-From misc. sourcesFrom treasury notes, peract Dec. 1657 23,don in July last. I had on two occasions called the attenUon of Congress to the importance of establish-AyRICAN 8LATE-TBADI.Under this head, the Secretary says that during thepast yeara day certain, previous to the 4th of Wurch, in each ycsr of an odd number, for the elec-all the States. A fcimijar power has already been exercised, with gene- ral approbation, in the appointment of the same day4,064,500inguniform unit ol currency, and a uniform mode of pre-the of the Slave-trade has re- suppressiontion of representatives throughoutFrom loan, ner act June14, 1858...:For the quarter ending March 31, 1860quired to enable the Department to carry on the opera-tions of the Government, and at the same time pre- paring keeping of was amoangvie w with vigor. He mentions, the ves- serve unimpaired the public credit. commercial countries the world. It with chronologically,l.'nitcd States. .My attention tvas earnestly directed to thi.s subject from the fact, that the Thirty-fifth Con-From misc. source^ From treasury notes, peract Dec. 23, 1857From loan, per act Junedelegates ItsacUonwas, therefore,looltedcapturedrescued, three tnousand oae hundred and ninateea.terminated on the 3d of 18i», without March,i< ftrence to theBy tiie act of June 22, 1860, provision waa made forOr these seven were takenoatheCoast of hav- Cuba,grrssMaking the necessary appropriation for ths service of the Post-Office Department. 1 was then fsrced toI to regretconsider the best remedy for this omission, anfpr theand afterwards purchased by the Governmentbeen thus active in its endeavors to suppress the Afri-anim- resort. Upon inqui-y, hojv'ever, 1 ascertained thatprovidedIssuing mil-I metliate call of tlie present Congress was the naturalFrom customsFrom public landsFrom luiscellan'us sources From treasury notes, perat a rate oefxcienteedriensgt t"wneonty-one exceedingStates the composing357,185annum, and to be reimbursed with-last three have been yearsthat the financial neeesriUes service as followsronsontheCoastofAfrica. rATIlITZD ASTICLXS.01 I desire to re- iterate the recommendation eontamed la my last twothese can be From long properly appliea.$27,960,870 843,095,666 59 16,409,767 10 11,913,190 19 17,613,628 00$77,462,102 72fiaances. Until totariffdurlng your presentwere Invited for ten millions ample TreaiuryThe rec^t act articles for tha aadimposhigol ad vaiorcm duties on all imported articles to wblou To service of Navy Departmentfixed at 9 per centum under the conviction per annum,variety of articles In the constructiaaties aresecure to our manufacturing interests thBt amount ofIncklentaJfrom a revenue tarfr.Deductingchinery is also In some measure true of the arma-ment A war-steamer, built cow after tha fashl^of the past, excluding ail modem patented inventtoaa,would DO an object and as Ineffideat aawhich unavoidably results As an abstract proposition It may be admitted thatencouragement1860 from the aggregate re- ceipta during that year, there remain- ed ! tb* Treasury on tba lat July,thU must be the result. consequence is, that foreign"^ therefore, lose the dutyappointed"^ =^1 fi^Utlous are defraudedthree remaining quartersare:fiscalFrom customsFrom Dublle landsFrom ralscellaa'a source* 790,0*0 00^ough the Custom-houM at the Taluatlonii«c«Mary to pave them from **^forfeit deposit of 1 per cent to 5 per no response has asVa. The at sea known, &x>m the records of the Department, theyCertain statutes exempted hatter aad cheoae,timated means for the service of theIf fraud existed in all or any of these proceedings,whichbe thusasas a State into the Vnitm, especially as the majori- the rottortito falae invoices, one for the otir-'1861 CoBstitutian according to their will and pleasure. other expedients to defraud the Govemnient. The The expenditures of the first quarter ofboneetimporter hiainvoiceu»ihe producesthe — currtnt fiscal yeari\ repeal so re- the Department lo dispose of this stock upon the best pealed asto restore thefonaer laws; ofteririse ITt.'possible tencs, Uoldics Uie IffS'illi^s VAitu lespor,- ftcaai-LisilC:, a: j«;; a'jou\ 5:;:,C^ i;>;b,_«'.ule r,Ui)>i.iuyi4eH««hia^ (»««44» '-f'"~- -h7tri aaicollector stating the actual price at which he purchased tlie ar-that Septemt>er SO. 1660, wire as followsobserja-acUon and often condensers,Patented boilers, surfaceof articles ara mentioned,The ettlmated expenditure from appre- honorable commerce many of that class of reg^ular and priations heretofore made by law. ooDficlentkmv merchants, whose character, tlm)Ughout during the three remaining q«attera the world, ts the pride of our country. of the Current fiacal year 1661, accord-frlghte*of which U stated the pense with any inquiry at the Custom-houEc into the of the amongreplace them with new reaaels. Ttaactual cost or value of theand It pays the fiacalyear 1661, Is expresily re-of notes—Trea»ury the amount ofthore notes and interest thereon, de- ducting ^379,400 redeemed during tba first quarter, as stated In the expendi- ture of that la.scotuonctkrayt, rendersItalmostcertainthatthisre- andreceivingrepair*ttiatwUImaining eleven mllliona cannot now- be negotiated vice. The FratuUtii re<^ire* steam machinery, upon terms accoptaMa ft> the Oovermnent Tba oon- tha Ittrrimack't angina* •hoold ha rcnawad. Of ditioB of the Treasnry iaaooh that no aetlous delay nx new steam-sloop*, five are at aea perfbmiag sat- can be indulged. I recommend, therefore, a repeal of iafactorUy; tha Pnuocala will (oon ha competed.preciseamountofThey present no temptations to the appraisers of for- eign goods, who receive butsmiill salaries, and might, bv undervaluation in a few ca^es, rendor themsolvos Independent.Qeeides, f-pecific duties best" conform to the requisi- tion in the Constitution that no preference shall beHigiven by any regulation of commerceof treasury' substituting treasury notes for stock tha more readily the coastsextent that duties are necessarily protectiveareapproaching a steady standard,countrysubject7'he attentioii.of Congress is again called to the billpow-ted,itspressing obligations.commercial business of uieanother and simpler form. The entire expenditure of sail vessels of the revenue service, however well clal revulsion of 1857, of curtailing appropriation* fiarto enable it toThe correctness of this estimate of expenditure forrelieved and by private contributions,thearticle, fixedbylaw. quiredtob«appliedtotkeredemptionfit themforpar, tMjm^by makingmonths previous to that time. The reverse of the pro- But In position would be nearer fo the tnith, because a much from themayprobably to Its or its commerce on the cforand the oCfer them a pardon for past offences on condition of larger amount of revenue would be collected by mere- Treasury during any yearthe sums drawn revulsions to which Uie country is always liable, and protect eMxan*tory sufficiently strong people however, this President was expelled from the reflstance would be hopeless, and at the same tlm* tomany years pastalent duties. To this extent the revenue suchspecific year, accordingconUaulag —and that the dofr at providing for both have devolved on tha Federal Gwr-to the character of thewould be Increased, and in the same proportion the ations and the exifeiicles of the public service. It specific duty might be diminished. may be, therefore, mlrly anticipated that should the Specific uuHes would secure to the American man- opei atlons of the Govemmeut proceed In their ordina-entitJed under a revenue tanff,fairly no The framcrs of the n.ayiMive in favor of large and useful discrimlnatetlspiritbranches of our manufactures, not by raising tlie rate of duty upon the importation of similar articles fromulaUonNo change in the revenue laws can be made in extent on the Pacific and AUanUc, a navlga-what isarticles free of duty which enter iuto the composi- tion of other fabrics.Under liie pref ent system it has been often truly re-abroad, buttheeffect, by admitting$60,000,000 3,000,000 001,250,000 00 245,991 58could, same causes would produce the same results undernual export and import trade of six ortiie manufacturer needs it most, and increases when1,be needs It and constitutes a scale whichto similar fluctuations. Instead of>ear,ear cannot be turned. To be able to concentrate afor the revision and consoUdaUon of the revenue laws erful naval force at a point where oi r interests areas wouldunder a system of specific duties they sink and rise with the sinking and rising prices of articles in foreigncountries. It would not be difficult forCongresstoformerquiredapproprlatioiunot before re-the safest, most beneficaat and Ihat can be salutary power*a of duties which would af- arrange system specificentrusted to official hands under aby a of atthecle for series years [place of exportation,Aggregate estimated exx>endtture for thefiscal year 16«2 $68,363,726 11by power of*the rale of ad valorem converting dutyuniversal Introduction into It of the moUve•team." SuchpolicyIsCosenUaltothe of protsctioaandupon whlch'mlghtpurposes, into the form of a specific duty. Such an arraneement could not injure the consumer. If he should pay a greater amount of dutv one year, thisleast for a season. The Postmaster-General had no power to make him any other compensation than theshould be borne In mind that this sutn of already referred to, an Increase of their was re- paysecurity the Powers of the word, if weKATT-TABOB.A naval force cannot be maintained irithont48. The interest on the pnbUc dobt, in- was known, at the time, that these postages wouldout of such appropriations as had been estimated for ly carried out as an act of simple justice to a worthy decay.fall far short of an adequate compensation, as well asof the sum wlilch the same service hadcost the Government. Mr. VANDxaBiLT, in a com-navy-ofanditbe obtained. Never have I had a clearer conviction estimates from the Departments for the year endmg fore, recommhnd that an appropriation may be grant- ing the amount to be provided for, $129,000,000. The cussed in those reports that 1 deem It uiuiecessary ated for this purpose.I should do great Injustice to the Attorney-General,estimated means of the Trcsstiry for the same period are, for the present fiscal year, ^,348,096 79, and forthis time to do more than to refer tp the subject, and repeat the recommendations of former reports. Con-the defence Govemmont againstand unfounded claims to land in California, purport-mlodie Navy-yardsbetweenin the best aad most affisctual coa-to deficiencythebursing agents of the Government. The Imposiibilltyand ry- to thisbe the casedistantcy of $3,867,834 53, there will probably remain In the called tb the condiUon of the revenue marine service. rights to none of country,the at that taken out and shot, with- to the sum of $55,402,465,48. This conclusively ap- the Iteasiunryh,is ably to clearly Treasury on the 1st of July, 1862, a balance of about With the excepUon of the Harriet Lane, there are siibject the ordinary vacillations arlsiag$1,431,545 78. Ito remain vrithin its power. To cap the climax form you. that during the last fiscal year euding on the would be counterbalanced athe preservation of peace, theefficiencyofingreUr^tothesoldiersoftxithpartieswhohadJune,1859,to(66,346,22613.Whilstthebooksbeen wounded in the battle, without making any of the Treasury show an actual expenditure of I herewith transmit to Congress ttio reports of the 1860, exclusive of the redemption of Treasury notes, most useless for the purposes for which they are em- Navy-yaxds, can be vindicated only as a temporary distinctton between them. $59,848,474 72 lor the year ending on the 30th Secretaries of War, of the Navy, of the Interior and which are otherwise provided for, and the Interest ployed. I have before represented to Congress that modification of our general policy, to be continued notheGovernmentforthe.fiscalyearendingJune30, adaptedtoalormerstateofthings,arebecomingal- navalrepairs,andsuspendingImjvovement*latih* The time had arrived, in my opinion, when this Juae, 1660, including $1,040,667 71 for the contingent of the Postmaster General. The recommendations on the public debt, was $59,848,474 72, and In that this service could be transferred to the Navy Depart- lonaer than the present depleUon of the Treaaaryprotection"for theficiency In the revenues and defraying the expensesas as steam for the sail vessels now ment to *tand still. Bat at a time of Incessant rapidly possible,posing ^stacle was that the portion of the countryon my request, agreed, in the month of July last, to carry the ocean malls between our Atlantic and Pa- cificcoasts. Hadbenotthus thisthis amount to be paid and charged In the expenditure of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1860, though. Inused. It is due to the officers employed in this branch of the revenue service to say that their pay doe« notnnder of Uibauok could not be reachedof the Post-office Department for the year ending thet^eswaytion of the constitutional Government. UnderFebruary, 1860,purposesupplying.*Nthaw not dueare In for cos- being pildment of the fiscal of year 1862,be d|. der a system of specific duties. It Is a striking fact in for the remaining three quarters of the cur- which can never be abused, as the amount realized While It Is tha dictate of sound policy to lanaaaathis connection that, in the commercial treaty of 23d rent fiscal year will be actually c«dled for within trom such a source can only be used to meet lawful the It isforegoing98 statement assumes that the whole«n»fit^practiceless than the amounts estimated as required withinwith both traat-collecting the revenue from customs, and, with the aid which the passage of UUs law would afford, still further and from the 1 reasury during the year the whole amount greater reducUons could be made with benefit to theand their on the ocean and in propertvwillthese estimates, so that, Instead of the above deacUn-of there must be deducted from and stiggestlons which they contain are highly valua- sum was included $4,446,009 26, to meet a ment with benefit to tke Interest and I enter- ahali continue, u Congress could by law arrest thi*Congress,power this amount the sum of $4,296,009 26 with the Inter-OovemaieDt was bound to exert its to expensesavenge and redress the wrongs of our citizens and est UDon it of $150,000, appropriated by the a^t ef 15thble and deserve your careful attention. deficiency publicin the Post-Office Department, produced by the fail- tain that o^~lnion still. It this should not be done, the march of Intellect on one hand, and the procoa* ofThe report of the Postmaster- General details the ure of the Post-Office Appropriation bill at the second policy should at all events be adopted of substituting, on the other, it might do better for the Oovera-to amird themin Mexico. The inter-of the de- drrumatances under which CoJUfSLins VAirvxaaiLT, session of the—Thirty-fifth Congress thereby causingdecayactivity beyond all pa*t age*, tha nation which shoold ptusae this stand-sttli i^licy would soon find Itielf, oafor- withoutpassingoverterritoryunderthejurisdic- 3othofJune,1859. Thissum,thereforejustlycharg- intercommunicationmusthaveacbteed,n importanat pointoffact,theservicewasrenderedandthe correspondwiththecompensationpaMtoofficersen- tuuately,far,faribehindallothers. ItIsunpoaaiMsable to the year 1850, must be deducted from the sumof $50,648,474 72, In order to ascertain the expendi-ture for the year ending on the 30th June, 1860, whichommend to Congress, in my last annual message, leaves a balance for the expenditures of that jeJu of postages on the mail matter which be might carry. Itby law,apply topublic3,867,834 93laads. negotia- Uon, the general advancement of our commercial in- terests, the maintenance of our appropriue posltiea among nations, and the prompt vmdUcation of oar and the honor of ovi and should hatoindipent circuuii-tances as to bo unable to purchase therefore, from the lhreat«ned embarrassments In the year. My views in reference to these works, end of the Commandant. The duties of every officer aretheir relief can be devised, I would recommend its toexpenoiture receipts,would unnecessary to do more at this Ume than to say that each year's observution and experience confirm aodact Dec. 23, 1857From losn, per act June14, 1658For the quarter ending Dec. (1, 1859—of the whole number of acting mldsnipmen wereU, 1858 ForthequarterendingJune.TO, 1660.fusal to return to Its dellberaUons. received the entire these placenothesamsoneyshouldfaTirledsuseu.ryTtomheaevet approvalofhisGovernmentexpenditure during thefiscalyear,Congressstipulated to abolish the Slave-trade batweea Africa and Cuba, it would be effectually suppressed,ForFor theFor the quarter ending June 30, 1660...to call InBe-DepartmentSutes annexation, the tiada would thaa bycal1860, the balanceThe for the first quarter of receipt!the fiscal year 1861, from July 1 to Sept.year30, 1880, were: FroHCiiatoina From Dubllo lands From kiiac. sources^ __current fiscal year,Is no.. ..;;. Ill date amouived to $19,690,500, as willress.terest, and the most beneficial results were anticipatedthat these were expectaUons.^.appear by t i^le No. 3, hereto appended.gfrom it$15,947,CrO 02 470,244 02these causes. The from customs for the last receiptsand to U.e counUy.The police and discipline of the InsUiutlon have61' 3,61 1 ,300 00ihebeen most caj-efully preserved,$10,785,849revenues has been withdrawn from the ordi-representpracticeship lastDec. 31, 1859Treasury Departmentreaus of themarked from A to L, con- of their operaUons during22 281,100 84an additional term of thirty davs was given to all bid-ders who would one-half of amount of deposit theaad to withhold from him his deslcated vegetables, would take from Um k por-ending :Uiem can be razeed and converted Into first-class•whlth could not be foreseen, aid ifTheyreportcers under him. Should it as is sometimes happen,the case, that a few of the laboring classes, earningtheir subsistence by of tLeir brow, should re- tho^weatceivemorethananequivalentforthelaboroltneir hands, it v\ould not be tlie greatest ev;i i.'iat happens under Goveriinient, or justify the abandonment of convenient ana works.tv must beReport of lion. Hn^vell Cobb, Secretnry of mercial operations of the countryand com- claimed to have been discovered by J. T. B\hcl.\ySir.Congresa en- ^rt to cstiblish the Trr;.fiiry Di;>aitiiicr,t," approve I May 10, 1800,i have the hoiior lo submit tli? fr-Uou inj^On l.he 1st liny oI July. IWt', beiiis; liie coniirie -Ci mentUuir infl-ience. If, as some suppose, thejEare merely:coiopliHnceeup;ilf meiUaryappropria- tion of S5.(!00 waa made to carry out the joint resolu-siimers,CLAY to can be effected. It Is dif- proposes accomplishpreserve publicAlready tuis the Treasury been seriously aff'ected by that it will prove tntirely successful. Such is the educAUon promi.'^ing great future osefulaess to .thereportIf0068,000 00 —19,5*3,278 05uniform standards of and measures, a weights»14,962,783 68 505,591 83puDlic$4.1.079,203 06, a;.d the outstanding treasury notes atof to this Intemattonal Con- States for adjudication. Twelve vessels have beaa245,447 36 5,586,200 00 1,110,000 00 —:$11,491,207 64to with touch in-:,22,412,»32 8rUntitled Documentwithnot vary very fhi from the actual results.— OntheIDih'of a erative r.A{e iavestinca's February, ,1857, Congress passedWauhisgtok Crrr, Dec. 3, 1S60.THE TBEASURY DEPARTMENT. \^hich hai e so suddenly nrrtsted this tide of prosp<''ri- petent Coniniissiyners, into processes and means,i:.u in linit. for S'lch action as willu.-iacrnyt.riaincadiis to carrytohen the opecnrietdito.us of t*he Govera-few have daysfallen off, «n.i the iiirdled aotount received is each ofaji inceasedas would in themained in the vaults of the There was no power in thethe notes uivtll treasuryspecie have been attended with the most injurious effects upon the financialof theoperations country. Forthesereasons,none-were to under the ConsUtation of tha passand others were to do so. If re- proposals, willingto the to the;a%^that be authoritygivenfor the.Issuing'ThaCuba. The five smaU aU^ot thischaracter,preaented duringre- pastworkmen under and therefore them,mnmm ^^^.Jfn^^J^Apmm^ \Xktmttbp^, gleteittber «, lUfiO.Xcontained In the statement marked No. 4& To meet the remaining outatandlng Treasury notesJune 22, 1860. The statement just made of the diffl- &>r i>rotaotlODready sold, in connectuili with the fact that pendftoie to keep tfaa* it for arviee that it wooldkacondition of theseem unwilling to IniMt In United States •even ateam-filgates, except the Franklin, are atoatthePresident would ever exercise It, exceptwhich in have been much I cannot always be andclpated.upon it (or the The extent of the gatioa of It by the States on the other, createt the be deducted from the estimated expenditure of present financialoiLsis through which the coimtry is now can- strongest possible poUUcal and moral obligation on the tiie currentenfiscal year, intcuretahastinegxtehnet.tjsdanc.e In the not now be determined, and, imtU it is beptatsesrinkgnown, part of the Govemmeut to provide and maintain aEstimated receipts from public lands. Estimated receipts frem misceilanooussourcesEbtlmated balance in the Treastiry July1661Aggregate estimated means for the fiscal00 time to meet these difiSculUes; and if it the tuag interest of five millions of tons,ever, should determine upon such a policy—citherwith a view to meet existing difficulties or for thein Inone to that the supposejrretent Navy haa obligaUons. Appeals parts of the world are coming to us frOBAmerican citizens for protection, to which a daafcitizens are lastrongly the occasion to pass without *' most earnestly reconi- urged upon the consideration of Congress. Theyreconcile confiictlng provisions of law, and greaUy reduce the expenditures In this branch of the public service. As stated In a former report, the Depart- ment has already reduced the expense ofpurpose of providing for the payment of any portionof the public debt—I can only refer them, for the dfirsocmharllgedmaintainingitsby the Deparment and submitted at the firstsession of the last Congress, in compliance with aresolution of the House of Representatives. The im-portance cf adopting the changes and modificaUons form of eovemment The canRnoetpubUsaa contained In this measure caimot be too Secretary penattsuspended, liabliity incurred in the preceding year. It gaged in similar and less laborious duUes. In the bUl to maltitain our present position of and"re-previouslytention of Congress to the provisions of the act ofot the last year, .i^l^owing, nowever, a margin for an MarchS, 1857, on the subject of deposits by the dis- the Navy—indispensable Instramentallties aad maaaaI deem inhabitants in several 35 in and 26 in abuses,Society, deemmg It advisable to cast the whole res- tions of Kansas have been reduced nearly to a state last fiscal year had reached the enormous sum of with $342,000 in cents. commandant of the lard responsible that all In addition—and I deem this a most important ponsibility In each case on the proper hjad of the de- of starvation, on account of the almost total failure of $400,122,296, and the Imports for the same period were The report of the acting engineer in charge of the imder him do their duty—gives him the power lo dis- coanderation—European Governments would have partment, with the general InsU-uction that these con- their crops, whilstthe harvests in every other portion $362,163,941, yielding a revenue from customs of Bureau of Construction Is herewith sut)autted. It ndss any one, expect naval officers aad master-work-deprived pretextritorial and domestic concerns of Mexico. We conferred upon personal or political favoritesIn course construcUon. ofspect among$59,848,474 72, Included not only payments growing commended, and, in ray opinion. It should be prompt- this great arm of defence to fall into neglect aadthe year ending June 30, 1862, $64,290,000, which gress mated expeaditiu-e of $7,998,996 79.not permitto stand upon Uieshould bein a state ofbeing to hBve been made by the Hexican Government been made without reference te the finatwial and com- against the apprehended eviLThe estimateofreceipts into the Treasury havefullypublicInterestprotectedthedltion to establishedin a more prosperous coiulltlon. .Our planters andfarmers have t}een blest, as a general rule, with was $22,673,19-2 21 in gold, and $3,152,437 15 in silvergree by the care exercised by the appropriate depart-ments in entering Into public contracts. I have my- an e qua! amount.self never interfered wnth the award of any such con- It has t>een represented to me, from sources which abundant crops, and weie realizing remunerative and that the coinage during the same period was $23,- to excludeof organizationequiv- tract except In a single case with the Colonization reliable.* that the por- prieef for all kinds of products. The exports of the 447,283 gold, $3,250,636 sUver, together alent iu labor for expenditure. It holds theijcen of all to interfere in ths ter- tracts are aot a legitimate source of patronage to be of the country have been abundftat. The proiipect $63,167,511 67. The exports of domestic produce for furnishes full details of the progress of the public men, for neglect of duty or misconduct—requires thebut that in all such ci.^es a public officer ij bound to aot for the Gcvemmunt as a prudent individual would actthe present fiscal year, as far as tljey have been re- ceived. Indicate ar. increase fully equal, If not greater,Iban that of preceding year?, thus authorizing fhe es-buildingsThe policy adopted by the Department in referenceexaminaUon of master-workmen before appointmeut,;before them tor the approaching Winter is well cal- culated to enlist tiie tyrapathios of every heart Tiie destitution appears to be so general that it cannot beare In suchUie liecessarits of life for tht-msoives. I refer thesub- trade and business of tt:e country, these estimates, especially on the subjept of marine hospttils, have jrot t© Conrress. If any constitutional measure for both of and would be submitted bteri so often urge.i upon Congress, that it Is deemedshouldfew simple modificaUons, the objects of the law canan Tke report of the Director of the Mint is herewithaspect within the last few days, and of which 1 shall transmiued, marked No. 9. It appears that the Itself. An estimate necessary to carry forward im-mercial which has assumed so panic,and the absolute abandonment of the Navy isstibmitted.;totheracantiy ap-seems welland secure a fuUproved entirely KoGSES were appobited such Commission- successful. The Constitution lias been sclectei fo.-I iierewlth communicate the report ofofficers, acting midshipmen and crew of the ship with the Depart- sleeping and mess apartments. The Board appointed con.etiuence ol tlirm. If, on tiie otiier hand, tiie ef- ment on the subject. the objects which Dr. Bas- to witness in Jime last the examination of the severalgreatlyof composednot daydue. The inJi- tueasure, and at the same Ume to compensate Dr. a diniii.uUon of the number fonid deficient atation to be made to testpciaIi'j^jnosrlaiurne. thtartesasuucrhy wniollt,es,at leayset, for the nresent, Dabclat liljcrally for his discovery. There should be thgereaxuaumailnations since ls55and the records showtoordli:arynary sourcneosteosf expenduiet,uraentdo mtheetInthereepstaytmhenretono.f treasury pastThis condition of demands the immediate at-meCnotngorfess to delegates1856The cruiseand 10>4 for the first half of ISW.(;of theplaced under Uic control of the Secretary of the Treas-ceived attenUon, and the work has been prosecuted The permanent debt on June 30, 1860, was to these results that the authority was given for the sels that have been seized and sent to the Unitadthe redemption of trea.=ury notes and payment of thedisappointed,interest thcieon. This act stock for an amountnotlion ofsix per centumin u period not beyond twenty years and not less thanten years." It was the policy of the Department tonegotiate this loan for such amounts and at such timesappointment,—during the year the number of Africansand comnerGial st&UsUcs thesayand from a cause which it Is not theon board sixteen hundred and three Africans, by ,allof province of this report to discuss. Hon. A. B. Losa-STBFET, of South Carolina, was the delegate from onlythe United States who took hia seat in the Congress. I herewith submit his report, libowing the reason of his withdrawal therefrom on the first of its ses-ingthe steamers chartered for the Paraguay Sxpeditioa.The Secretary further says that while the Government hasof the most satisfactory character. The country had grad-Speakerantiquatedto arm her in like manner would givaprohibit sailor considerable sacrifice. Under thase circumstances, Report af Hon. laaac TeBeer> Secretary of to deprive him of some of his lightest, warmest, aatquired by the Department, though It would be at a; Se>amtusingtheseamlesspea-jacketandcap,wouldb*under an act of last sesalon to examinecersthe sailing vesselj of the Navy, to determine thepediency of-converting them Into efficient war steam- ing upon patented baproranants. Something also isto00 reposition of loan awarded to thiysetlast class of bid- Gosport, character ef those being ehased for the from the c^ tba p«r-?*be amountders la$84 ,348,996 79 taken In reference to the stock mayNavy, operattenral lawBoard deem It expedient to Introdace steam power in- contract for tobacco without adveitteinc iilao, tain thethe law BOW itaada, to meet the case. It la recom- ered too defective for tliat purpoao. The eight of All these have been repealed by a reooit ad of Coa- mendedthatCongressahouldimmediatelyauthorize gress,snd isrecommended'thatthe bethey tenablekept positionpractical effidaacypliedyardscalculated-30,000,000ofsouls, a coast of ra*tand makes themfor the them thegives:foreign porta. The *h>oi»-S-mandits consUtutionaiwhich arc neeeasarr af i^poidage*andto be used In its construction and preservation, aad iayardsdocks,all the operation* connected with itsemploymentenemy Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069„0,th-.sr^www.fultonhistory.com*'^'Sa 