 8NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER to, im,W the Weet, with ber loving boaetfatkm. She Slavery ehherwise, right, or safe. The humantty, the J ye,**Sanitationsat all times; hut a thousand timesreh>ion,thepoliticaleconomyofourage,utterlyre-.mor«eoasasaeeperateconfederacythanaenow.dawns, when, in General Convention assembled, ojr Notth has been.undeniablv ta^y. it mUHt be owned, stant free, would acquire an immediate value moreITrrine Comr«ny No. 12, of Brooklyn, firit ct«w«.—Tint trla£ j eati'ng-Ealoon in the Bewery, sent in ft W of bread 17&f«et: Mcond, J9H; third, 184; fourth (two rtretun*), 121. •t -kureeosuk**w>ifitfinetkm;»b*h*etakennoparty l u wweighing£07ponnd*. Thechildrenbadahappytune. The pastor of the Elm-place Congregational Church Beside giving away large quantities <* *ood? the Soci-We will not forget what has been. agUation and contrived policy;. The Abolitionists, aBut we recede from your Councils ; we cau tr/iall sect, not without noble ohjects, pursued no longer pray for your I*refident; we must-alter the reckless means and under, impracticable lead-Prayer-book, for henceforth we belong to a separate oy have been long striving to drive the North nation and another branch of the Church of God. That, ers,that will be-a day of lamentation and mourning. - Th*i into hatred of the "slaveholders, and to break thefibre of strong hearts will yield, and tears will drown bonds of our Union. Whatever influence they maywise', the good, the religious springing up at tne Northto sustain you, to help you bear your ^burdens and to ' suln it to any temporary or material inconveniences, which the inauguration and completion of so sublime awoik may impose. >W e do not now anticipate any immediate readiness to entertain this view of the matter. W e know the furi- ous strength of. the tide which sets for immediate se- cession. But why this heat and seli-accusing haste t Let Congress deliberately adopt a resolution allowing those States which wish to secede, after a year's con- sideration and after a popular vote to that effect, to do go; I do not believe a single Stat* would go.Bartlett's Christian handmaiden* blended their simple dainties and their snowy folds of cloth in an appetizing virion. Formality was dispensed with, and beside the singing of the familiar hymn, "All hail the power of Jems' name," and a prayer, there were no " exer- cises."•All elapses of people commingled in the feast.lines of ravening and devastating boys, and more elder- ly, calm, and persistent feeders, seldom if ever were peen. Not less than 500 persons sat at the first table. It was at that critical juncture when the first relay of smoking Turket appeared"that the amiable pastor en-JgUt*3p„r .m'ftiJLlPip VBh • aitFw« 1THRTHRE***«**:-v'vr• K Doetvr," >**<« iB «&» ial voloa>«s,£«pe)THE WAT< Prk«*H!SWANI*»V»$1; or'ifl THK-ftLUU**rw. prie.- I THE LAW•*»*€« %\\ OT «H 8ARTAK> < B«»v*r. Prir.* t Address all <nMIHrlAotboTf.:i vol Mfcc* *Dr. HoOsaid t V-OTS, and sum •KotfeBy IK£T» ki»d—MB •»«be interest ctpelhoe, Satire, • . character, -stejE beoatifol imaa* »pvi*er. a B»M<thoafhU to ih, zuaried pow«>ri . * One of thv ifcsi*v*rh«-"ti^ -*• T o tbo sci < 'es^Bttfulia.tjr'.-.M."—[Lewi*** * A work ofI"With no o}>uMiH , frN. Y. Trfl>--ttt**It Uy.,V,•r : aftot without attJo*trn*J»1 *"Perfretij m «•*• f««l* ubWiil —JC»p«» Ann W*W« hsv. Ui Wojrie wmud- *'—"The work fa. Dbe ordiflarv ndi ,•.'•* A aovefct ct '. **A most i:;ao«" tow nth, -r -ttim a d~.» *wW»al carry W t tSky wi4 lirvr, •* «J»a*iMtk.u. tut - s***«d*f A*oegood Uu >u.4 . ,•» * An exc«L»attsksn(«oche»ot ^Havingr-ad.•SwH W« hssv* • j-AnssUnirafch )u—r. ob-'rr »<iot^x, ot' d**erivt wn. •i«g..'Cron»erj; v*• <jV>kujH»*ed *a fC>ttond p.*..... " it may.n'ivi thefirstgen...at WtoflSBX in i'.il Hwatxr', Mui ae jpsricvdples o: art* l i e style is • interest tacr^ijei rWxih>»£••—( H* " X oovsi of eijjoi&ts net often t>ook shehe-. *rs mend it si r'vi AJbio&.>•'QuaiL' JS . c J>not cnlv .-. :; lie —TMaaoiaru . «A O M R D . ! - a...*«th««, «*•-!•.•- atftlsicago Christsi ,MWecandi.ly osideffeetive aoisssssv^ , m3 V « k f > o * r . O frnita, Privre-, C <ML #12.Alter levers y portant wa-k. w] The SCBSCKIIK ^•U, *15, a •:<«**rtsry.LIKE AN\"oL L CWUTI dt Out V/oA * J5Crown Jrw.., A new Ynib&SM>-w«frs.q^O ADVE M. now thf oa. HAMn.lX>N. Cpaper pubh-r d (country befw'rwa jiid uu;r«v:«^ _• ei' tines of the Butft »tk Railways. o& i. vst«rn teruuikOi i.ntJWf Conn* o t&u) best mediumTHE SF-M1 jfuhKshed r.vr.^b**ral p«tr\>r.-.-e ri-ements L-:-no •*iu»irpurposebyIAd»«rtj*«r» "ja tihtVBgh any T>*JK;r- 1OOKOll^* peculiar in»| iuV*eslC*i;.^.|ax»d poAocate the last sad greeting and farewell of a di**eveTed Church. But I anticipate no such day. God of Israel !,thoo,God Of our fathers I defend us frvm its approach. Our solemn duty, nevertheless, remains to us. Let us discharge it. Let us humble OUTM Ives in prayer and supplication before God. D ur- iog xhe coming week and month our Congress and•iher-Conven.tions assemble, and qneetions will, come an the adjustment of which may launch us upon a sea ci trouble or lead us to a shore of safety. Questions wLkh isrrolve vital interests, sacred ties; the sacrifice of the pa*t, tlje hope of the future—questions which if not eorved in a righteous spirit and brought to a right- «o*a issue,'may clothe the sun of our destinyin sack- e d h and blot out the stars which should guide us to other and distant ages. During the pendeucy and m-t- tlenictrt of these questions. Christian brethren, let us give ourselves unto prayer, invoking the presence of -God and the illumination of Bis Holy Spirit•poo our President, our Congress, and all inauthority. And this day, at our cheerful firesides,and around your festive boards, teach your children to.love the Cniun of these United States. Teach themhave had in earlier days, since their .jiolicy was fully understood they have greatly hindered the growth o* a constitutional Anti-Slavery sentiment, and induced mijlions to repress their real opinions, lest they should teem to be favoring theirs. It is in spite of the great- ctt antipathy to this smaD and fanatical band,so distin- guished for their unscrupulous eloquence, indefatigabl zeal, and political folly, .that the slow, cautious, anSuchtroth and pertinency. The day to which they pointedhas arrived; and the hour for our Thanksgiving hasstruck. But it finds us anxious and disturbed, in themidst of sudden and severe trial*-, in our monetaryaft&irfr—with our whole commercial community panic-stxkken and paralyzed—the banks of the country Quite justified in fearing that nothing but its constitu- threatened with suspension—the usual intercourse of tional and strictly equitable rights will from this time the States North and South embarrassed or stopped; be conceded in the Union; that twenty or thirty Statesof the age.••""""TM^*"—~TM"TMknow not, but the supply of bird knew no abatementfrom the appetites of the gallant five hundred. Up to3 o'clock the sacrifice of the willing victims to the im- memorial tiaditiousof the day was continued, and, tions. perhaps, there was.no fun and no real good feeling !the newspapers filled • with threats of a broken con- do not mean to surrender their sense of what is the per-manent policy of the country to ten, and that theTHE HOME FOR THE FRIENDLESS.The one hundred and fifty children of the Home forihe Friendless, with as many more from the IndustrialThe children of the Colored Orphan Asylum spent yesterday afternoon in holiday exercises, closing with a grand dinner,in which from 200 to 300of them partici-fedctaey; and the alarming and paintul prospect of doctrine of equilibrium, as if the Constitution were aSchools connected with the Home, took their turkey pated, between the hours of 4 and 5. At 1 o'clock theand gave their thanks yesterday afternoon at the Insti-exhibition commenced in the chapel of the institution,civil war in the boasted ana happy land ol Washing- ton. What has occurred to change so suddenly tu'e prosperity ana patrioti»m of the country? What make« the Governor's Lite flowing proclamation readso haltingly to-day? Nothing but the lawful and eonbtnutiunal expression by a great, popular majority«f this country, of an opinion hostile to the exteuriou of n«gro Slavery ! Nothing but this. And yet this is an alfsuiikient cause.,When the public sentiment of the Free State* of thix I'uion has ri{>eued into Huch a solymu conviction of the danger, and wrong of allowing Slavery to ex- tend its bane over any larger portion of'our commoncompact between two sections instead of between as many independent States as there ever shall be stars iu our nag, is now and henceforth abandoned. We cannot change the law by which the territory of free institutions invites a population five times as fast as slave territory. We cannot reverse the edict by which free-soil accu- mulates wealth, power, influence, intelligence, andpopular authority, ^fcljtroportionately to slave-soil. Political circumstan«dl «M the alow operation of our governmental machinery, have kept the operation of the.«e laws out of sight lor a time, but they now vindi-The friend* of the family are respectfully invited to attend the day, Dec. 1, at 1o'clock, p. m.tne authors of all thix commotion, ini^htas well attempt to convince us that the late canvastt in the Free Scutes was an accidental and partisan movemeut,guided by self-aie far more excusable.I am not pretending that we are any better than ourour civil liberty as a nation, that it rests not uponstances under which the Constitution was formed and proceedeo to say:.Now, my brethren, do not suppose I am about to . hold either part of tbe country specially res{K>nsible for the change of circumstances, feelings and conductwhich has providentially attended tne growth of these States. Tl e South is not to blame if tnis compact in respect of its bearing on Slavery has, under new and onlorseen conditions, turned out of unexpected and in- calculable importance to them. They are not to blame that an institution which they once thought an unfor-tunale-inhei itance and a terrible burden hxs, under the development of machinery and the stimuli is of a. vast foreign demand for their great staples, cotton, rice, to- hac« o and sugar, become the principal source of their wealth and importance, more and more shaped their -whole industry, regulated their social and politicalpolicy, and enlisted all their, pride, their interest, and tLtik-zealinitsencouragementanddefense.Nor,how- over deplorable, is it strange, considering what humanto sutler more; and, my brethren, if the action of theWe cannot deny to others these primal rights of man, pounds, was roasted whole. There was much thanks usually set apart by them for the trial of their engines. pasF. to C. H. Marshall it Co. 14th iust., lat. 45 50, passed ship JKBBC Webb, hence for Liverpool; same day, F. II. Winter,ical and political principles of the nineteenth century, trtim. us, because we would not return them to yourpudiate it. : England and France have aboBsh:^ > - JDr. Bellows went on to propose that the SoathFESTIVAL AT THE BROOftXVN TABERNACLE.•nitutfeTsbefeace- n»y, she bas gjone down with the multitude of Slavery in their colonies. Russia is abohshing s e r * ^ ^ deviie some .•scheme of emancipation, such as tob*r loyal iepre#entativ«$(Otoeetoar Southern brethren in her Emi ire, and the Slave States of Amery^ a r e declnte every slave bom after 1885free, -He proceeded: of Brooklyn, the Rev. William Alvin Bartlett, resisted »t thitr own altars and ftresidea, and to say onto them, with Spain alone, defenders and upholders of fa 8yB? It is to this poir.t, however, that your solemn atten- tl e temptation to define his position in the present po- **W«loveyon,andwewishyougoodluck,inthe tem.ttnotonlyunderthesecircumstancert^^j^ tionimn-ttnrn.: Circumscribedasyou.'are'destinedto littealandfinancialcrisis Heplannedaverynatural w w e of our Lord. Y e are one with us—hone of oor require any peculiar consvientioiisness *<rc ^ j ^ moral be, and to multiply on your own soil, the question howVOLe, and flesh of our nosh; of one country; of one sensibility, to have a growing sense of '„he evil and the ilowly and safety to convert yonr slave labor intospirit and eoramunion, and one home, and. within the wrong of Slavery accumulating m t n e p ^ States, hired labor—tbe question of emancipation—is tbe onlyfaWeaofoosrcooinKmZion. We cherish the honored but we must even suppose an extraordinary obtusity qucttion left for yon,jn the Union, or out of it. "Therenaroee of Kavenscrost, and Bowen, and De Hone., of consciencethere,toaccount/<>the B1OW gathering isnothingchimericalintheundertaking. We seriously«wn as the names of White, and Hobaxt, of thelrrenatiUe teehug wh>'ch at ieogth °10W8 |£ believe teat if your entire slave population were sweptano Chase. Ah! that will be a solemn, day, if it ever head to the world, rhe An^i-Slavery feeling of the away from you to-morrow, your soil, become that in-tolerated no sectional or offensive•Southern delegation shall arise to offer us then- adieus not without shame, that the-present feeling on this and parting flotations; when they shall break the subject m tie North is i e 8 sthe spontaneous sentiment Uxln.g tilence of some holy place, and spe»k in words of our own peoplr, . than the ett'ect of an ir-than sufficient to xeimhuree all the sum sunk in the.loss of your fclave property. The Christian world expects nothing .suddenj nothing impoverishing, nothing ex-Tickets of admission to the Tabernacle were distrib- uted freely, and at noon the entrance was blocked with a crowd of such boys, with sharp eyes and profound pockets, as the genius of Dickens has lifted out of the London streets into immortality. Itis needless to say that Turkey was in their eye. They flapped in theirfcietbete: Brethren,-w» leave you. but for no cause resistible pressure 0f public sentiment belonging clusively self-sacrificing from you. All the difficulties or fault on your part. We have had no quarrel, but tO-the age itself, which has at length broken through cf your position are appreciated, and will be magnani-have dwelt in unity and ge^y kv> Dear will be the all the obstarcK's which immediate interest, prudentrecollection of the past, sweet the memories of all those coum>elsvand a sincere sympathy with the South, haveyears when we met and "walked together' to the house interp<v«ed to its maniiestation. The existing publicef God as friends. Still and continually shall we sentiment of the North on this subject is not the. work carry it out, you have only to show that you seriouslynourish for yon a tender and fraternal regard. of /Volition Conventions, nor the result of political . entertain tbe project, to find a mighty party of the those chuckling boards, and the nimble fingers of Mr.nteturialovcarioit, if not proper cause, &r alarm, re-uonntram e, ami threats of m»union on the part of theWave Stales. I can have very little respect for thecandor* or the comity of theme who atfect surprise at thefcthugn or the demonstration*) of our »ister States a-/ in my judgment, for the Free. States to take a single the South, 1 should thi'uk very meanly of their sa- important .step backward.ing face, and a new dress from top to toe, formed a gregation " Buai Jeshurun," worshiping in the Syna- L. Del FOR. sinter and child; Jose Max*. John Ygnaccio Il&r^ouii,into power.And this slow and cautious growth of opinion, anmade, not as now to the passions and prejudices and immediate interests of the South, or the fears and con- stitutional obligations of the North, but to the sense ofhe rimply succeeded in calling attention to Turkey was not his fault. The text of his discourse was announced on the tickets of admission. It was contained in thepany; and w h o spoke on the occasion, and how kind and attentive the Governors used to be to them. Since Iset Thanksgiving day, there has been a great change in the Alms-Houee Department; the Old Board of Gov-opinion constantly resisted among us by the wealthand weight of the North, an opinion which we have eternal right and justice and humanity of both tried to delay and evade, which our sense of the costli- •—the only grounds on which a great and Last-subjected to every torturing doubt and every trying ble /ito live any longer- on wmnromises, and test—I say, the fclow and steady growth of this opin- adjustments of tbe equipoise. The balance of powertlon unto tbeiu for whom nothing ia prepared; for thi» day I* holy unto OUTLord; neither be ye eorry, tor thejoy of the Lord i» your strength."rated. This change has given rise to much speculation on the part of the boys, who have wondered whether the Commipsioner8 of Charities and Corrections would treat them as well as the Governors.grand ball in the old Rallying Hall of 1856, at the cor- ner of Fulton and Orange streets, Brooklyn. Ampl* justice was done to the Dodworth's music by the young men of the CJub and their fair partners, in terpsichorean}ion, is due to its own merits, its invincible truth, its harmony with the received ethics of the age and the Cbiiatian Religion, and has come over us, not by the will of man, but rather, against it, and by the will of God. And. that is the real ground of alarm at the South. It is the popular, the provident 1*1, the prophetic characterhas broken down in Europe, and it has broken down inthese States. Nothiugnow "will answer but a foundationinjustice, truth and mercy. Such a foundation can befound for Union in these States; and it lies in the doc-trine that Slavery is (not legally or constitutionally in-deed) but morally a national, federal and common mis- imous and brilliant charge of all the forces upon thewhat it cost. Teach them to uphold it. Read to themthe farewell words of Washington, and the sage coun- of this manifestation of sentiment which sends a sense fortune—an institution for which the nation is respon-assembled viands, _the voice of the pastor arose in feeble and vain proclamation. It may be as well to state for the information of the company in their calmer moments, following digestion, that he referred to the brilliancy of the day, as typical of the trans- parency of their gratitude; to his Excellency, Mayor Wood, as the most signal illustration of ingratitude anywhere to be obtained, he having experienced the peculiar favor and long-suffering loving-kindness ofHeavenallhisdays,tothegreatsacramentofhumanity themselvestotheirheart'scontent. Theusualrestraint which Thanksgiving day presents against that sacra- upon tbeir movements was withdrawn, and they weresels of Madison, and poor into their ears sentiments and ' of doom to the heart of the Slave Power. They might riblc—which it must be permitted to deal with on na- accents like these: fight against party or against odds, against politicians, tional grounds—and assume the cost of extinguishing or priests. But how light against destiny? How with the least possible injustice to any, and the widest ~ Tbia lovely land, this *!oriow* liberty, th«w benign institu- fight against the moral sentiment of the civilized and distribution of the burden among all. Whatever theto, while others contended that the new Board had cut everything down in order to economize, and conse- quently could not afford to give them their usual treat..Nevertheless, all dreamed of tbe '.' good time coming," and visions of roast turkeys, roast beef, pumpkin pies, plnm puddings, and other rarities, danced through their brains. J ' . .decorated for the occasion.[By Telegraph.]. .WASHINGTON, Thursday, Nov. 20,18<S0. Thanksgiving sermons were preached in all i h * .churches to-day; all referring to the political condi-Christian world? How fight against God? original theory of the government was, the necessary Am I not right in saying that the Anti-Slavery operation of it is more and more to merge the Statestion*, thedear purchase ol our fathers, we oar*; our* to enjoy,«"»r • pr»-«-rre,our to transmit. Ci«.n.-1ations p*»tand g»<u«rations•%• com* bold u« f*pvii'ibl" for th«j sacred tra.it. Our father*S v m behind adxuouiah u» witb tb*riur osxioas, psternal voice*; pos-terity esli* lo us from out the boiom of the future, the world not created it. On the contrary, .we have checked and«wxu» ItiUser it* aoiieitouft eye*—all. all conjure u* to act wisely • reproved it. It has overcome us. We of the North Scuth. The defence of or against that institution alone and Jattbf&Uy In the Tolotien we iun»in."-\ W«t>.ur.mTHE PROVIDENTIAL NECESSITY OP THE PRESENT CRISIS IN OUR NATIONAL AF-FAIRS.BY HENRY W. BELLOWS, D. D.Dr. Bellows took as his text the 21st chapter ofXattbew 25th verge:And Je»ai knew their thought* and laid onto them, Every kingdom divided against it*elf i* brought to desolation, and every«lty or bouse divided against itself shall not stand.He commenced by reading Gov. Morgan's Thanks- gi\ing Proclamation written*two monthtt ago, and con- tinued:It is not two months since these cheering words, e&lling ns to universal congratulations and praise, were uttered, and received into hearts conscious of theirdid not make the Christian Religion; nor do we possess makes strong State-rights doctrines necessary in either anethicalsystemofourown. Ourthoughtsarenot section. ButwhenitshallappearthatSlaverycan-tion of the country, and expressive of Union-loving sen- The day at length arrived, and the boys enjoyed timents.movement in this country is* irresistible ? W e havein the federal power. But for Slavery, none of the States would.feel the advantages of this so much as thewhat we will, but what the laws of our minds impose. Our moral convictions are not voluntary, but are such as plant themselves in our hearts under the general in- fluences of our civilization. Nor have we created the great North-West, and made tbe prodigious political power of those new States which have dragged on against thtir will the older and more conservative States of the North, and really forced the present issue on the country by a pure force of popular gravitation. The' South tells us, justly, of the"deep necessity of its political attitude. But cannot it appreciate the still deeper necessity of Oursl If Slavery be providential, it is not more providential than the moral convictions which through the North, und throughout the world, pronounce it' wrong, impolitic, and predestined to decay ?• It is inevitable, then, whether this Confederacy hangs together or not, that this continent is, from this time forth, to be governed in the interests of Freedom. I h e relative position of the Slave to the Free States is ra] idly becoming such as to make their control of the Federal Government an impossibility, and their control of the continent an equal. impost!Lility. The South isnot be defended—that all that is left is the. considera-tion of its safest and wisest- extinction—then the ad-vantages of dealing with it as a national and federal ment of the church which seals the birth of men and allowed a regular holiday. During the morning, theyPHILADELPHIA,Thursday,Nov.29,1860. The day was well obHrved. Churches were crowd- ed and the pulpit converted into a forum, for the dis- enstion of tbe present dissensions which disturb the na-tion. A Christian spirit of conciliation was warmly and eloquently urged by pastors K'Jnerally. At tho close of the exercines at St. Paul's Episcopal Church, the organist struck up the national anthem, " The Star Spangled Banner." The congregation rose and joinedcording to the provisions of the Constitution. But, ifoffice of President of the United States, and will,cots, arranged in tiers, one above the other.There is another room with 60 cots, which are un- the neighborhood and witnessed the sport of the fire- Providence. 'scriptural origin and authority of Slavery sound wry«linerently in your ears if you were already slavehold- • you secede, we beseech you to consider whether you to the best of his ability, preserve,, protect andSchr. Samuel Small, Hall, Elkabethport, coal for Boston.o . hS, ?ic,h» £>ckerson, Elizabethport, coal for Boston. ; .Schr. Elizabeth, Benlaw, Elizabethport, coal for Boston.mously allowed for. It a scheme of emancipation de- mands fifty years for its consummation, if it "requires a vast pecuniary sacrifice of the Federal treasure, toexcitement.low gobble, as it were. The whole space within was filled with extemporized tables. Turkey presided overW e must have some terms of union which can fee heartily, morally, religiously observed on bothyore, they indulge in great speculations as to the future.Every little circumstance of the past is talkedover; floor. Only members of the Society were admitted*weighty sentiment of hostility to Slavery-extension itbe North, has ripened into political action, and steppe ^ ides; in maintenance of which honest appeal _ can be deavored to explain the nature of the festival. 'That bow they were treated by this and that military Com-The fancy dress ball of the Liederkranz will be given in February—probably at the Academy of Muric.WIDE-AWAKE BAtL. . The Wide-A wakes of tbe Rocky Mountain Club ofquestion will appear. The North who could not be women in Christ; that proclamations say nothing about made, parties to its growth, will be willing parties tothe burdens of its extinction; and any amount of time, political reviews or sermons, and if the Savior were tohad literary exercises in their chapel, and were ad-dressed by Messrs. Bell and Nicholson, and other gen-green letters was, " He that soweth bountifully shallreap bountifully." A fine dinner was furnished on nine not upon political traditions or compacts of any long tables. Under.the words from Nehemiah viii., 10:square at the Five Points, and at I o'clock distributed a vast quantity of beef (a roasted ox, it was said,) and 1,000 loaves of bread, to a crowd who gave immediateSteamship Karnak, und pass.A r r i r c d ., Havaiia Nov 22, and Nsaeau 24,mdse^a distinction of race, a claim of territory or inheritance,Steamship Quaker City, Shufeldt, Havana Nov 25, mdse. tn«I pass to Hargous 4c Co. 'Steamship Yorktown, Parrish, Richmond, JiC., mdse. and post, to Ludlam &. Heincken.Packet ship Henry Clay, Caulkins, Liverpool 23 days, mdse. and na«s. to Spoflbrd. Tileston & Co. Nov. 21. lat. 44 30, Ion. 54. passed steamhhip Edinburg, hence for Liverpool.ish poiitieiana, that it had no serious principles and con- Southern brethren; I do not proudly say that we are sort, but directly upon the primal rights of man. "Send portions unto them for whom nothing is evidence.of an appreciation of the gift.not in a position to be seriously injured by their prea-. vict ions heJ.ind it, and that the Free States did not know eut threats, and stUl more by their carrying them iutowhat they were about in their recent solemn proclama-tion at the ballot-box, and were not now prepared for efl'ect. W e are suffering now severely from their rev-all its consequences' Dr. Bellows stated the circm- olutionary proceedings, and we shall doubtless be calledOur lights are not derived from birth, or color, or race, prepared," was swung a corpulent loaf of bread someor nationality; they cannot be defended upon any suchTHE FIREMEN.North depended upon the cities, I would—did I see anynecessity for it—urge you,who must suffer so much more without impairing and dishonoring our own. W e can- given at these tables.Such has been their custom for years past; and as time Dutch Seaman, was lost overboard.not deny freedom and equality to the black man with- out making the white man's freedom a cheat and a: ' • 'FIVE POINTS' HOUSE OF INDUSTRY.advances their spirit in this respect increases, andgreat exertions are made on the part of each companyto excel the other. No regular programme is made out,Ship Cultivator, Russell, Livejpool Nov. 14, salt, cools, dry goods, and pass, to "Williams it Ouion. Nov. 9, lat. 40". lou. 23 30, passed Bjitish ship Joseph Howe, bound E. Nov. 17,on tfco Eanks, in lat. 43 16, Ion.'50 40, passed an American bark showing a white flag, with blue ot black ball in the center, bound E. Nov.than the country, still to sufl'er patiently, and not per-mit your losses and wrongs to make, you recant youropinions and alter your conscientious policy. But whenyou reflect that, change your opinions and alter your man. The system of Slavery is not only incompatible I Pease, and now under the. charge of Mr/Barlow, were policy on the. subject as you may. it could make no with parv,professions of freedom; it in destitute of tbe I bountiful beyond precedent. After an hour of siu«ing essential difference in the feeling aha political action of very idea upon which our freedom is based. We have I a n d recitations, 400 children at one o'clock Went infihspan. Our freedom rests upon the rights ofThe contributions to this institution, founded by Mr.man as .no nght or title to freedom that does not vest equally I ,-d l n n e r a n d in every man aB an original endowment of the Creator. J »but each company is entitled, by firemen's etiquette, to 20, lat. 44, Ion. 53, saw ship Ncstorian, bound E. Nov. 24, at 4 p. m., lat. 42, Ion. 63 10, savr British steamer Persia, hence for precedence as it arrives upon the ground, and is usually Queenstown and Liverpool. Nov. 28, at 1 p. m., took a pilotallowed to make as many trials in succession as it de- from the Nettle, No. 20, ofl'Fire Island.Ship Oder (Ham.), A\ inzeu, Hamburg 45 days, mdse. and pass.'ers; and might not l>r. Nott and otuer Southern eth- are prepared to encounter alone all the consequences defend the Constitution, of"tho United. States." . No furnished; and if any oiie wishes to make a bestowal men,nclogists more readily persuade you then that of maintaining a system against which the moral sense sane man doubts that he will thus be installed, to have them put in good condition,/ Mr. C. O'Connor, Steam Engine No. 38 was first on the ground, aud*-.//-*«.*. vCHARITABLE CELEBRATIONS.ety, have on hand a large amount of poultry, several lambs,1 and- other things beside, which wijlbe distrib- utedto-day. Duringtboy%ar,theSocietyhashaddo- nated to it over 10,000 /garments. To-day the Mission gees into the* large uuildiog adjoining their present•rooms.THJE WILSON INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.The friends and patrons of this institution gathered into its, establishment at No. 137 Avenue A, yesterday afternoon, to view tbe children as they went.through their varioua holiday exercises. Upward of 50 childrenwere present, and delivered a number of short recita- tions and *ongB. Between 1 and 2 o'clock they partook of the bounteous repast which had been provided for them fcy their "benevolent friends; after which, they returned to their hall and resumed their Thanksgiving, Bongs and hymns for an hour or two. Several short addresses were made by gentlemen who had come to visit the institution. Donations were received in aidof the institution, and tbe day ended joyously. RANDALL'S ISLAND.Of all tbe holidays in the year, Thanksgiving day is looked forward to witb more pleasurable anticipations by the children of Randall's Island than any other event. For two days previous to that of Thanksgiving, the boys assemble in groups during play hours, and while recounting the good times they have bad in days ofF.vtSr,*C;oa.p»»yNo.38,ot N«w.York.--Firrttrial,J06feetj Mcond, J2I.And r.o the eport ended. The palm was generally awarded to No. 0 of Brooklyn, and the meml>ers of her company made a descent upon a neighboring grocery" store, from wbicb they supplied themselves with 9 dozen or more brooms to decorate their engine.AMU8EMENTS.As usual, on all holidays, the theaters werew«llpatronized yesterday afternoon and evening, as were all other places of amusement. The entertainments wcrd mortly Thanlpgiving f-pecialties, and gave universal eatipfaction to tbe throng who flocked to see them. Th* afternoon performancex were the delight of the c\ub> dren, and many a youthful heart was made merry of their Thankpgj ving visit to the theater.LIEOKKKKANZ CONCERT ANT) TtklX.Among the many gayeties of yesterday's gala, the concert and ball of the Liederkranz Society wera notably brilliant. The City Assembly Booms wera the scene. It waft honored by tbe flower of German beauty, tai-te, and grace. The musical performances were conducted, on %e part of the instruments, by Noll, and .on the part of one hundred voices by Hert Agricola Paur, and the selections were from th«i workg ( f Haydn, Schubert, and other composers of celebrity. .The white dresses and blue sashes of the blonde song- stresses were t ictnresque. The dance began about 10 o'clock. About fifteen hundred persons were on thacelebration of the genial festival of the heart—a free feast for all who choose, to share the bounty of hia flock. The success of the experiment was complete and beautiful.Their conversation was conducted in aKings County, gave their annual thanks in a new andl ness of avowing and acting up to, has caused to be ing national party can stand. It is impossi- " Go your way, eat the fat and drink tbo sweet, and nond por. ernors has been swept away, and a new system inaugu- not inappropriate manner last evening, by holding &words of old Nehemiah:The discourse itself was embraced in. the Turkeys. Its heads were their wings and legs. In the midst of ajoycu8 noise of knives and crockery, and a unan-Mr. Draper having once been in the Board of Gov- rejoicing over tbe recent triumph of Republican prin>ernors, it was urged on that account by some, that he ciples, and tbe brightening prospects of free homef was " posted," and would see that tbey were attended for free men and women. The hall was beautifullyor any intermediate measures, which had ultimate come again to earth He would not occupy the pulpit in tleman who accompanied the Commissioners to theemancipation in view, would after adequate discussion the fashionable way, but would make the lanes and Island. Speeches were made by the boys, and severalhave their cordial, loyal, self-sacrificing support. /'Our sole weak point under the Constitution, brethrenat the North, is our moral inability, to restore fugitives.Ought we not to do two things—repeal our Personal what he said, but their lively mouths proclaimed their para.de,"and, after being reviewed by the Commission-Liberty bills, which • have little practical value, and aie formally hostile to the spirit of our compact; and, secondly, if.we cannot return fugitives, agree to pay for them, after trial by Jury? Dr. Bellows concluded with an earnest appeal to Cnristion men to attempt to assuage the calamitous results of these great movementsfull coincidence in the eloquent sentiments, and an'abiding faith in the Christian dispensation of roast knives and forks became universal, and no time wasIB ABKIE»., THE KEV. BR. J. P. THOMPSON'S SERMON. The Rev. Dr. Joseph P . Thompson, Paeujr of the Broadway Tabernacle Church, preached from the fol-lowing text:Jeremiah, xxx., 21: "And thfir noble* Hbull be of theui*.']vr«, and thoir governor ithttll proceed l'rbm the midit of tbeus."Dr. Thompson opened with an allusion to the cai«- tivity into which Israel had been sent under the great law of providential retribution, that the oppressor shall be made to feel oppression—that they who impose the yoke, in turn shall be brought to bear it. But after thiB discipline of captivity, the people were promised a restoration to their native hand and to their early.political privileges. It shoald be matter of special thanksgiving with them that they would enjoy an in- dependent nationality, full civil liberty, and the sub- stance of a popular government. The Jewish polity,. \ ; .COLORED ORPHAN ASYLUM.from G to 8 p. m. They were very pleasant, and largely sum. Many who were unable to attend the donation cate themselves once and forever and no power on as laid down by Moses, was substantially a free? popu- attended. The ladies interested in the Home are at visit, sent in their offerings to the directors.NXW-OKLKANK, NOV . 1A.—COTTOJT firm; nales to-day 11.000 hale* atlO'&lOJc. for Middling. STRKLINQ EXCHANGE 101A® 101J. SIUHT ExCHAMix on New-York, ^ I J per cent discount-earth tan prevent the natural preponderance ol the Freelar government; each tribe was a little republic; and the several tribes were united by history,religion,work organizing a Bazaar, which, will be held in theChapel,No.29 East Twenty-ninthstreet,anylwhich,t is hoped, will complete the entinguishment of thedebt. • • • . " _ • •JEWI8H SYNAGOGUES.Duringyesterday,nearlyalltheSynagoguesthrough-StatesintheConfederacyoroffreesoilonthecontinentterritory, or of any longer having the Federal power if the Confederacy is dissolved. We have not got up customs, and, a community of iuterests. From thePasoengerpArrirodawayeo hy its interests—as to pink all other po- a Btate of n.ind ho'stile to Southern institutions, but weIkkal dintinctions, break up all other party organi- laiior.a., in the hole denire to embody its will on thi* poi«t-«-when, thin conviction han virtually elected a Jrhcesideut of the United State«^-there is undoubtedlyga»ity, if they allowed themselves to bo persuaded thanothing had i appened to call for auxioua- and solemn I stand awe-struck before the sublime issue which deliberation on their part. I *ee nothing ludicronH nor Providence has, forced upon us; for I believe there is light in their dintre*n. The serionsnews, tne resolution, no' possible escape from the attitude of antagonism in U.v selJ-eacntniug temjier of their people is very ap- which events beyond the control of South or Northparent. Tho».e who are trying to permtade UBthat the have at length brought the slave power, and the free Governors and Legislatures and Conventions of The instincts of the American people. But, my brethren,Slave StateK are misrepresenting the feeliugM of the it is a time when the North, feeling itself to be the people at large; that the present excitement there is a representative of a providential necessity, and the temporary ebullition; that no Hece*»ionary action in de- South of a providential misfortune, should cultivatemoderation, humility, and long-suffering—leaving vio-signed; mat stork-jobber* and sc-liwh politicians are lence of speech anu excitement of feeling whore they which that freedom is based. It is the peculiarity of.out tbe city were open for divine service, and in addi- In iteamthip Karnak, from. Havana and tfattau—Mr*. Mary Lawler, Miss Anna LawJ«r, John Clare. Capt. Theo. I^win, Dr. tion to the usual solemnities of the Jewish Church, ser- F. Skuen, Mr. Skuen, Capt K: Weeton, Miaa.M, Malcolm, Mr. li.mons were preached by the leading Rabbis. Rabbi M. Kemp, Mr. l'hilip Hairiiton.In lUamihip i^vaktr City, from Havana—Messrs. Jose Lopeshave a state of mind which is the' normal state of the n.ind of Christendom, which has grown to'be our na-text and its. circumstances, the preacher deduced .the following theme of discourse:alleys kiss each other.And all the. people paid not the least attention togongs were sung.In tbe afternoon the Randall's Island Guard made ain the singing.'fowl.What, barn-yards were put under contribution welost in descanting upon the good things before them. Everything passed, off pleasantly, and the children of Randall's Island williong remember with pleasurable emotions their first Thanksgiving Day under the Aus- pices of the Commissioners of Charities and Correc-There was a mountain of books and toys on the platform to be distributed according to the meritEVANGELICAL BARBECUE.PORT OF NEW-YORK...Nov. 2t*.ground; they are vested in that mjinhood whicii God six feet long, and another as huge was suspended be-has given us. We cannot trifle with such a right. neath an appropriate motto. A pig weighing a hundred culations are made by our firemen, and the day is, Ship Harvest Queen, l oung, Liverpool, Nov. 3, mdse. anilthe North, which is ruled now from the country; whenyou reflect that you are now. committed, by .Destinysouls, and declaring,, that, cost what'it may to your to me and to every man an an inalienable right. No manned, and then, amid the plaudits of the spectators, since then light, buflling W. winds. Nov. 10, lot. 47 37, lou. 4$and by Providence, to all the consequences of an Anti-. ' , • , ' ^r"". *"partook of a sumptuous repast. At three sires. Under direction of the foreman and assistant toKunhardt it. Co. Experienced heavy N. and,W. gales, stove*,If, therefore, you ask me to sanction Slavery by some j o'clock they returned to the chapel, when Mr. Fisch of foreman, the engines are properly arranged, the pipe^ rails, split sails, &ic.yielding to the generous and moral interests of your great natural charter ox liberty which God has given Ohio addressed the children. Could the donors of the men stationed in eligible positions, the brakes well A. Wendt &Co. Had streng E. wtather uutil up to the Bonks;Slavery policy, you will feel the immense luxury of political compromise, you ask me to surrender that j Paris, who spoke in broken English, and Mr. Briggsof Ship Der Sud (Prus.), WaIchow,8underlahd, 31 days, mds*. t «ease and commerciar.prosperity, you will abide in your matter what betides, I cannot be a party to reducing food have witnessed the enjoyment of the children they.lot, discharge your duty to your country and to God, any man to Slavery—for the one reason that he is a would have felt amply repaid for their munificence. the word comes, "Play away." As the stream in-57, saw *hip Slioinrock, bound E.Ship Slrathtieldsaye (of Glasgow), Grierson, Ardroesan Oct.'30, mdse. to master.Bark Atlantic (Bremen), Feldhusen, Bremen 45 day, mdse.'and take the consequences!"ToourbrethrenoftheSlaveStates,Iwouldsay,id all candor, you certainly are perfectly justified in tlunk- ihg the Northern feeling dangerous to your domesticman. 3. To guard our National freedom, we muat ad- Some 600 outsiders, that is those not belonging to thecreases in bight, so increase tho cheers' of the specta-here, with uncompromising firmness to tlie Constitu- tionalformsthrough whichitisexpressedand regulat- ed. The people of these United^ States, peaceably, after full disenssion, with open nomination and by forms ofatateamen, moralists and clergy should have under- with your slave-property, or with your constitutional their President. ••' Their Governor proceeds from thegone an almost complete revolution in respect of rights, exists in any great party in the North, but midst of them." On Wednobday next the electors the Newsboys' Lodging-Housc of the Children's Aidnature is, that with this vast change in the industrialand political aspects of Slavery, toe ideas of their institutions; not that the least intention of interfering law, have designated one of their own number to beTHE NEWSBOYS' LODGING-HOUSE.the moral character of the institution. l>o youtimply because it is dangerous to have a kind of prop- will discharge their duty under the Constitution. On Society, No. 128 Fulton street, exhibited a pretty goodsand persons. the Banks.Brig Kamouita, Heyer, Newcastle 51 days, coals to BrooklynThe great liberty pole in front of Laird's Museum Gas Co. Had heavy W. gales; stove bulwarks, tc. One of trx« seamen fell from aloft, and was badly hurt.think, my brethren, so well of yodrown disiuterested- erty, which your neighbors cannot feel to he property the designated day the President of the Senate, in array of turkeys. The •donations here received were Hotel, in West Broadway, was the chosen target for Brig Thomas M. Mayhew, Frith, Hamilton (Ber.) 14 day*,ness7 as to imagine that your excellent and enlightened and which their laws even ./cannot compel them pretence of both Houses of Congress, will open and turkeys, and nothing else; 12 of them were given by the firemen yesterday, as in days past, and the sport hides, horns, «te., to Smith, Jones it Co. Had heavy wasted*to restore. No State Government can, in the pies count the votes transmitted by the electors, and de-opinions respec*ing the sinfulness of Si ivery wouldliot ent state of. public sentiment, and much less at clare Abraham Lincoln duly elected President of the Thos.H. Fiel, No. 87 Fifth avenue, and one. by the was commenced as early as 8 o'clock in the morning,weather; split sails, &c.Schr. Maria J. Carlton, Smith, Providence 2 days.Sc.hr. Nicantio, Barber, Taunton 3 days.Schr. Siak, Foster, Newport 2 days.Schr. Lebanuh. Tool, Providence 2 days.Schr. Rio Grande, Elliott, Boston 3 days, fish to master. Schr. Samuel Hall, Padford. Taunten 3 days.Scho. Sea Mark, Bolai:, New-London 2 days.undergo some great cnanges it you owned large and any future time, enforce your Fugitive Slave Law and continued without cessation until late in the after-productive plantations ui Mississippi and Alabama? United States. By the Constitution this must be done, Fifth Avenue Hotel. The boys gave thanks overWould it not then be very much easier for you to think with the cordiality which, standing on the Constitu- and nobody doubts that it will be done. On the 4th them eagerly and heartily. This•'institution has sent noon,-i /d^S •-eery one's on nil The Tr>eatm*irtual, ondporTCC'-l/s »,yT ROSS fc IX) JOKES, » A»u :v31 Broadway, N.vTRENCH voL 12a»o. T1USKCU "Gi12mo.Tivv.if-. LORENZO HE W3T AND VHeoioirand Pottrthe Aiiican negro a beiti? born to the yoke, incapable tion, you have a legal right to demand. And here, find d&y of March next, if living, the President elected byThe advent of strangers—visiting firemen from Philadelphia, who had come to try their engine, servedpurely on this account, you have a right to complain, about 250 children to Western homes during the past' of taking care of himself, and fortunate in .being stolen - the people will be quietly and safely inaugurated infrom heathen Africa, to enjoy the protection of a Chris- and perhaps to secede, as we have an equal right, be- the.City of Washington; the Chief Justice will ad- year. W e looked into, the sleeping apartment.. I t i sSchr. Robert Palmer, Welton, Apolochieola 11 days, cotton t$ tian master in South Carolina or Alabama ? Would cause of your continual denial to our citizens traveling minister the oath of office; the new President.will in the top story of The Sun building, and contains 72 to bighten the spirit of emulation. It is estimated Oakley & Keating.not the arguments of the Southern clergy respecting the among you of the equal protection of your laws, ac- solemnly swear that "he will'faithfully execute thethat during the day over six thousand persons visited Schr. Otter Rock. Cox. Philadelphia, coal foi Boston.Schr. Alexander Henderson, Bowen, Elizobethport, coal forSchr. Cruroe, Foster, Elysabethport, coal for Boston.. Will you improve your condition iu the . least ? Will firmness, all his known patriotism, and all the power 128 Fulton street, is the person to address. The boys consequently led off. She worked well, and threw a Schr. Kosbee, Arev, Elizabethport, coal for Salem.the negro's brain, and heel, and color all pro- and the public law of tbe whole world is combined ! nor that ho will use all his native wiadom andel umed him incapable of freedom ? I believe that I you not seriously impair and complicate it? I know who have the meaiiH to pay are charged five cents per H inch stream 270 feet horizontally, solidWater, und Brig Waterloo, Condett, Bndgeport 2 days, in ballast M have more than an ordiuary respect for human nature; of his. office, to preserve, protect and defend thehut, however much I may desire, I do not the vastness of your industrial power—the importance chartered and well ordered freedom transmitted night for lodging. The newsboys' bank has often been the same stream a hight variously estimated at from 20 Schr. MahlonBeUs, Endicott, Petersburg 4 days, wheat &uiof your great staple. But you must not trunt too muchby our fatners. He must do this; Und the people described. One boy, Patrick Feely, 12 years of age, to 40 feet, equal to 200 to 220 feet perpendicular hight.cotton, bound to Full River. • ' *Schr. Caroline Anderson, Baker. Alexandria, coal for Boston. Schr. Abba, Powell, Wilmington, N. C , i days, cottonattdl" * ? ' •-'•"'•'oxjpjaet the moral and religious theories of any +*»&• to be persistently at war wit* thvtr sf^osed social and pecuniary interests. I do not OK/*** /evplr, except lor uh»rt period* and special cases; to rise veiy much above tbe level of their av*v«ge cir-cumstances. I look lor, I pardon, the Southern senti-ments in respect to Slavery. After statiug that he' sustaining fclave against Free Labor.thought no better state of so-iety possible under the We are not ashamed to beseech you, for our own like,the Jacobins, "have advocated fraternization so one other boys have saved an aggregate of $150.THE FOURTH WARD MISSION.brought with them their steamer, which is said to be the .generous sell-saciinee which now fired the Southern mon pride in our national name—not to love vvery sta.- comecrated j^iit of national independence mid self-gov- or Home for Little Wanderers, was held jesterday at " Champion," and which is reported to have thrown a Brimzs.circumstances than that at present lound in the South, sake, not to leave us. This Union "is dear to us. rlong as they could contrive to be the'elder brothers. "In conclusion, he said: Let ua bless God to-day for theThe first, anniversary Of the Fourth Ward: Mission,sSteamer Al"rmtioos,. Jones., Providoenc*e. n>d»e. to 1. Odell., , H I , IH>1~>1expressing bis sympathy j*ith the honest pride and W e have been together, too long, not to have a com-Steameir Novelty, Shaw, Philadelphia, mdse. to J. fc &SAILED— Steamship* Roanoke, for Richmond; MoatgoaieryV Savannah; bark Liuwood,/or Boston. 'BELOW—Burks Lamplighter, from IVnwrora; Volunteer**to that. 1'ou certainly need a market as much as the must and will sustain him in doing .this, or our whom we talked with, had saved $54 in less than four By this time, Hope Hose Company of Philadelphia, un- world needs your products. The world is at least as national liberty and self-government are.at an end.independent of you.as you of them, and there is no The certainty of a change of Administration has created months, by blacking boots and selling papers. Black- der escort of Manhattan Engine Company No. 8, arriveda huge vacuum in the hopes and plans of those who, ing boots,' he said, was the best business; but added, upon the ground, and were received with vociferousnaval stoiosto E. S. Powell.Schr. Ocean Wv»ave, Perry, RKondout. coal for Boston. Schr. Mary E. *i\6'RfeTIt K ...PRFLl 1#WU*tttorr«-«?Government in England or France that could stand a week in a policy so detested bv the people as that ofS. Braiuerd, HUIHO. Portland 2 days, atom-." Schr. Broadfielm fr*?!~..... ,..... ,....... . ( .Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069'.for thirty years, have mainly controlled the General "When there in good news I sell papers." Twenty- , cheers. The Hope boys left home by the " owl train,"ie1ld. Smith, Providence 2 days. Sciir. Julia amud Martha, Gutt, Kondout 4 days.Ship VVm. F. Schmidt, Smart, Sunderland "Oe<. 3| mdse. to ONGovernment in the interests of a section, and who,reaching here early yesterday morning,when they were Carow.' ' s:.,i,,..;.i, o _. o„._ • -, , •:•« . n ... i: . received and entertained by the Manhattans. They Steamer Penguin. William,, Providence. :-.d*v. to Isaac OdeUoernment. Let. us bless Him for the union of tnose the Mission rooms, corner of Oliver and Henry streets. stream 280 feet high. Some time was consumed in States. Let us humble ourselves before Him for ourabuse of that gilt by pride and luxury, and the oppres- Tho object of this Society is to feed, clothe, and teach getting ready, and a quarter of an hour elapsed from»'.*u>iw-»' 'breast, Dr. Bellows went on to give the other aide in tbe flag—and we are so bound together by mutual While the South has been driiiingj under natural interests and associations ; by a common language and and political laws, into the potation I have de- a common renown; by habits of easy intercourse and fro i scribed and- excused, with its accompanying atti- .interchange of products and manufactures, that tho tude of mind and heart, it ought' to be -•• under- prospect Of dissolution is.most afflictive to our hearts, stood there that another kind of drift has iaevita and most alarming to our patriotism. We beseesh hly been moving the mind of tbe Free States in the you not to leave us for your own sake. It is not inpresent state of civilization, and with all the lights of bidding you beware how. you place a foreign country, of bloody and deceitful men; break the rod of the op- trial, 160 feet: second, 1C0; third, 145. seven bonis. Sounded on tho Bonks of Newfoundland the teuthtCKS \sion-of tie-poor. Let us supplicate lii.-t blessing upon destitute children, and also to send them .to homes in the time of firing until steam was got'up. The trials MatanZMi-brigy SuUofl, • ; Penguin (Br.), ; OrchUla, De«our countrv, our whole country, our United States. May lie who made these Stater, {'roe and independent., and'who has made them one in their freedom and theirthe West..During the last year they have receivedresulted as follows:veieux, Malaga vi» Newport; Gen. Pierce, Mutanzas, and taxc4 balks unknuws.WIND-tfuurise, N. W. sunset, S. S. W.The packet-ship Cultivator, Capt. Russell, arrived venter day.'OOK-Oi-T is !THE NORtrtb Jone^. 1 «4*ajmw*de^t7(H)children, and have now at the Home 372.direction m»ly just now made unmistakably apparent pride and local prejudice that * 6 remind you that you deetihy, guard, preserve, perpetuate thoir union for nations have been very munificent. From Utica a (one stream), 211J , eighth 'two streams). 154 feePto the whole world. It is vitrvly impossii/le. in the are not safe severed from us. . Bitter is the necessity of freedom, for justice, for humanity; scatter the counsels Thanksgiving present, of twelve boxes of clothing and JtiiKJnti Company No. 20, of Brooklyn, second class.-. Fir»t wu*. in lat. 3« :K>, lou. 4t>, just half passage iu seven"days oa<£history, science, and humanity, open before us—merely unpledged to any obligations, on your frontier; how pressor;, caiise the wrath of man to praise Him; and over $250 in cash was received. The quantity of pro- No.. 2 of Hudson Comity, N. J., First class engine First trial, duy from Liveri>ooL Sluce then encountered several westerlyimpossible for thoee who have freely received the eth- you allow yonr slaves to learn that you have separated make it the Thanksgiving of our children, as it. is oursvisions sent was-enormous. Seven tables were set. Two or three handled children gathered in from out-1.0; second, 121 j thiul, N5; fourth, 15U. Engine .Company No. 23, New-York, first das*, First trial, 103gales.to-day, that "their nobles are of themselves, aud their r,pl^bn>ded by local interest and prejudice—to tnink use and control. We think you in gr<jat peril from Governor proceeds from the midst of ihejn."feet; kecojid, 109; third, 154; fourth, 130.The do-Hist(one stream); 172 feet; second, 178 f««t; third, 220 fo«f fourth (i.wo stieams), 191J. f„«,l; tlfih, 191; sixth, 193V^venth'side the Mlesion were nleo fed. Crook, who keeps tho I EnRhie Company No.'5, of Brooklyn, second class. -First trial, 15 feet; •ecoiid, l»3i; third, 145'; fourth, ,172; lifth, 175-, sixth,B y T e l e g r a p h .Untitled DocumentI»3.PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 29-Ajnived ship Tonawwido, Ustv pool j bark Drebert, AuguiUa.ers, they marched to dinner. Soon the clatter oftution, No. 32 East Thirtieth street. They appearedto enjoy it as much an the more favored. A donation which was filled with visitors. The exercises consisted funeral from her late residence, No. 98 Sixth avenue, on Satur*of singing, recitations, lessons, and addresses, and the replenished to meet the remainder of the debt, which visitors seemed greatly gratified at the creditable man-visit added considerably to the cash box, now being., has been reduced from $20,000 to $3,000 during theJffctrltetsj.MOBII-B, Nov. 28.—-COTTON sales to-day 2,500 bales at 10c. forner in which the. juvenile colored people acquittedyear past. Exercises of recitation and ringing by the themselves. A collection was taken up in behalf of Middling; Market dull. SIGHT EJCCHA.NUX on New-York at parchildren in the chapel filled the hours from 2 to 4 andthe institution at tho clone, amounting.to a considerable to i per cent dUcount and dull; Exchange on London at pex tot 2 per cent premium: Exchange on France nominal.FIVE POINTS LADIES HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY.ture, which demands that we use all tbe constitutional The advantages of iiubpi'ndcnt nationality and About -100 children, of which 230 were girls, most of J. Raphall delivered an excellent discourse on the •Lemus, A. Hernandez! A. Leak and lady, J. G.. Beebo and lady.-pQWf r we have to prevent the extension of Slavery. •jMypular self-guvtrrnment; and [the nutans ~by which blessings of, civilization and religion, before the con- L. M. Campi, Antonio Lopez, Mrs. Delanoy and child, Mrs. Ji. And this we do not intend to do, so much as we feel these benefits can. be jrreserved and perpetuated in this them from 7 to 10 years of age, every child with a shin- Powers and four children, Mr. Georze W . Shurragar, Juan Ruix.. that, it will be done, without intention, by the natural . gravitation of our institutions. If this is. gronnd for disunion, it must come, for .it is morally impossible,nation: 1. Independent nationality favors the highest, interior development of a ieople and their country.2. Independent, nationality, or tbe autonomy of the nation, is indispensable to the security of personal_ freedom.sight'wh'ch could not but. fill the heart of every be-gogue in Greene street, near Houston. The Rev. S. M. Isaacs delivered a discourse in the Wooster-street Syna-A. A. Martinez, August Tomas, Charles KJrby,, Ei** AJIUA RostelLM1NIATUKK ALMANAC.Son—Rises.. .7:09 | Sets 4:23 | Moon—Rises. 6:24 -'lOH WATKK THIS DAY.9:32 | Hell-G»te.....MARINE JOURNAL.holder with gladness. The crowd of spectators added'to this effect in that each face beamed with the kindli- gogue, before the congregation " Sbaarai Tephila." A3. Beside- independent nationality, civil liberty re- ness which the occasion was so well calculated to call sermon of an impressive character was preached byquires that there be popular *rIf-government in each the Rev. Dr. Addler, in the Temple located in Twelfth Sandy Hook. • :42| GOT. Islandindependent nation; that iB, that tne government sball forth. The children, assembled in the large hall, saug,represent the will of the people, and be administered and gave recitations; and'a class.of 12 girls aud 12 boys street. In the other Synagogues about the city theiu their interests. In order to maintain and perpetuate recited a acrijiaural lesson made up of the miracles men- services were very effective, and the attendance was•this civil liberty, he contended that it should be done, tioned in tbe New Testament.large.The New-York Evangelical Alliance held religious1. By maintaining the highest degree",of local indepe/id-cnci: compatible with a general government at once ef-ficient and free; 2. To guard our national freedom,, we-must maintain and "detend the rights of man, upon of the children. One of the mottoes on the wall in ever- service yesterday morning, at 11 o'clock, in the publicThanksgiving Day is an event upon which great cal-tors; and when water is thrown over or far above the and pass, to Hermann Keop. Hod heavy westerly wiads&n&summitchosen,awildshoutburstsforthfromtheas- calms. .Bark E. Schutz, Howard, Liverpool 54 days, mdse. to 9. &. J .aemblage. The scene is always exciting, and is gen- Schiller. Experienced heavy W. gales the whole passage* sprung foretopsail yard, foretopsail roast, lost head rails, knees, Last evening, between 5 and 6 o'clock, the tables at erally witneesed by twenty-five hundred or three thou- bulwarks, and sprung mainsail, split sails. Was 20 days W. ofinstitution,werefeduntiltheyapproachedastateof physical disability to'•' ask for more."»«.>,.,—i.>•———*—**————•—J.(^FLAHERTY—ROY—Oa Thursday, Nov. 22, by the IU-v.Mr-Millieau, Mr. Peter John O'Flagrujrty, Hon o£ Michel O'Jblaherty of Kew-Yoik City, to Mim Isabella Roy, «-ldc«i daughter of. Peter Roy. e»q.LOTT—On Thursday morning, Nov. 29, William Edgar CoaoveX Lott, ugt;d 17 yearn, 6 month* and 11 days.The relatives and friends of the family are recpectfnlly Larked to otumd the funeral from tbe Bedford-utreet M. E. Church, on Sunday, I?ec. 2, at 1 o'clock.. JSo further invitation will Oft given.ORR—On Thursday, Nov. 29, at the residence of his uncle, No, 340 Bowery, W in. Orr, aged 23 years.Hi» friend* are requehted to attend his funeral at 10 o'clock, OH Saturday, Int. His end was peace.WARDLE—In this city, on Wedneuday, Nov. 28, Eliza, wife of Thomaa 'W»rdle, formerly of "Woroexter, Ungland, aged 39 years and 23 dayu.Reported byTelegraph.H E A D www.fultonhistory.com 