 'HV•"'•» »i-*,'htNEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 22, 1860.rwith a stseraman and twoand wa accomplished ths distance (about 30 lailaa)adjacanthavaaaf New-York. 8t Hs worst OOss, L«BdaB.lachapelConvinced ef the aad of jndldonsnsss of hisaoarse,Mr. Pbasb's early patrons and himselfOw Owa 0«iTMPeB4«at. Knum, J»no»rT. !•*••in less than fonr hours. Whennot eoBscnt to relinquish apian so bopefal, aad aa it is remenbarod birds thaa lUs fitstertag plagua-spst of our goodly alieaalioB of feeling spraag np between Mm and hisno desire to nacovar and fan the embeta af a—J tmteni the p«l««rpayingengagedflaggedfor aninstant, thsabject poverty and ths ssost beastly aensn- This side ths Infernal pit, It wasiI,.,,>rf tkat 1 tlwTiId Uk« tk. r«.d.r to FriBontb, of »eT«iAnotheraeir dlOenlty arose.Uvellkoad severe byHU pnttgi; saralagllK«kl«r tawB, wkl«h contalm m popuUtioutown.Bornepropertiaa, formerlyculiivsted in sn-had been offered an|'^{tacks on hisgoodttnSinsttoDWhig the princlpil .oaport;ke a Boat nnhealthy apot if it ware not faTorad bjpoorer for growing provisions than it is in diatriataa climate;oatatsts,of Trelawny, Itcultivation. They extend for fiilaen or aixtcen miles round theIn it neverand that it waa no sitraordlnary job for which thayBMStallty, jotasd bsads.•seicise every day. No disgrace is attached to a own in expenseseasbalmedAbout 4700 had bcen'ralsed, two yearalaaMairn in the Penitentiary.lai^'i^bting,Bay,theprincipalU them all to he in a condition oftho menla an hoaest difference of oplnlen.The convict, when around Falmouth have athe same answer. The went of continued or con-tract labor is generally deplored as a great evil bnt it is wrong to suppose that that want aloneThe lime came when an attack must be made oa the In its behalf. sitadel of this Pandemonium. Nothing seemed want- previous, chiefly bvsundry' other purposes. The fourth—aroom, the Superintendent's family i^iaitnasla,ac- distant •f his good fare. He doea not consider thatim- estates, where access is both difficult and expen-herto esubllsh a schoolnleaaed, langba over his imprisonment and boasts cess to the port of embarkation but on ;This was BOW applied, aad Mr. Jabbs DoaaLsoa, aad Rsv.Baaagaraent hare displayed does not need point- sea. Afterathem to sew waa trying, tedious process,ing ont. The people are taxed, for repairing theleaving somehalting-place, ofpassed su-sndto obtain aAt place— reads, some six hundred dollars a mile a sumthroughgar cultivation,thethe most devoted friends of the Institution, aad emtthat might be altogether saved by making the con-victs do the work. They are also taxed a hun- dary linethe Parish. Woodland then after ;grog-shopbrothel,dred thousand dollars a year to support convicts who do little or nothing for their own maintenance'by street-lamps,he made a to tits bequestand an easy life ia offered to the idle and disso- lota to cominit crime. The evil effect of such alength,seemed auspicious, a considerable number both of children and adults came to the chapel, filthy aadsufficient to tsmora the otitstaading debt for thaithe community is incalculable. Pub- Ik morality aa well aa the public purse inevitablyaaliera.I diaUke excessively the seaport towns of Ja-aystam uponfect models of West India houses in the last dUapidation. many|i;'crowd of lobbyers has been and Isbefore in the history of our State has there been so human souls and bodies, stoutly resisted thethree vessels. WeAnd worse than that, a premium of good lodgings ground on the other—both overgrown withaoutsiders at the ancient city. Every hotel andHere iaaboarding-house is filled to overflowing. A large pro- which had been occupied as a grog-shop in January, 18S1, the whole enterprise seemed on the be so, probably, ere long. That to the InstlMiSBJa>" ping payment at both enda" with a vengeance.wit,enter the town ""religious worshipB^ea, and can make no exception ia favor Fal-Bmith. AU the worat fellows in the Island col-lect in them, and give to foreigners a most mis-takenideaofthecountrypeople. Thosewhoareat bad soon become so by the force of an ezam- The town of Montego Bay, in point of popula-tracted Investigation has been going on to prove that and reminded them of the innocence, virtue plainly,of one whoiiinjiiij h^s' elementary sdoeatiaa aatf]« which ibgUsh and American sailors in^umedsubterfuge resorted to for the purpose of connecting of these daughters of shams wept over their memo- ing from whence ths means was to bs derivsd, but Sinceact slow to set. Though I thinkwhoworst class to beKingston,9«rt u^ MsnUy^osaidered, about tite^harraa are theare noand rebuked. The gentlemen here alluded to have wretched hemes, only to drive taesc serloas us sublime. At this critical moment, the National has ita ovrn Board of Trustees. Tfeayeaconntered Falmonth and other m the andtn laying down and Isaugnrating the rail- passengerway system la our city, and members of the Legisla- ture generally ars of optnion It wonld be unfair andto rob themwhen they paid for It upon a fair business contract, were ef BO avail. Bew. ladeed, should they be 1 cspted and worked wellyetthenegroescongregateveryI have seen them malready expendedthslr minds sensuality, or by thaa moretemporaryand for oneand the rafonnatloa of ths vicious, bat thay i ratsiniUtntions. ItisMr.PaAiS*saxpaatsthafI hope to bs able to make his Farm sslf-aostslBlaibaBipaybut at the same time, I doBt deobt that many of theae young men prefer,naturally prefer, the greater certainty ofthat town business offers. Ikaaw of waiters ia hetela who gat only a dollar aweak and have to find themselves ; and jt it notlatioBal to suppose that they wonld flock toKiagatoa if they had to work there at a pecuniarydiaadvanUge. The average price of field labor inJamaica is about one shilling sterling a day, orfo/umA thaysixpence to the misty point upon which the town of Luceajem^ men to towna(rriet County, ran so close as to ereateandvery regalar paymentheld on Monday night next, at which the contest willprobably t>e settled.will be defeated. his They say. Indeed,and Mrs. officiate as Matron. For their united ser-;would employ themoare were, or bow wretched we are now, or bow mis-rusfees of thsbut not to t>«Ifto believe evil of otkcra, and espoclallyofrather a task of six or seven hours' work;andfinallywill secure ths tri-having investigated the subject very thoroughly,by side. I admitthatMontego Bay quitecharmedtmiph of Mr. Fuses.SuenuouB efforts hare been and still are making byI am to as a the laborerscompelled say that, rule,an not paid regularly. The rule has many ex-me, with its clean streets, neat little patches of certain raoical members of our Legislature to pass Asylum, bnt most objected to this, as a place of char- In 1854, they occupitd seven three-story houses, Mr. Sicxus' legacy. We make thess statsssAsIt afform the exceptions are in no danger of going out of cultivation.While on the subject of town labor. I have some- thtagto say about the conduct of American shipCaptains who trade at West Indisn port,people,from day to day.can in dese times," was sll the answer I got to re-peated inquiriesBO charity honestor compulsloB ofandthin those of any other man of our time.what I have to .ay i. Iba same accusationnot much tomay possibly be brought bay from European or American ports. They cer-against Captains of other nations, British included;duce tbem to give toll Uberaliy.bntwhhtheseI have atprivilege to treat the Jamaica negroes in his em- as a wildthe flugaof various nationscap* that; instruction was all they had to give, and that If nearlyI'd sell you"the lemark very often as a joke, for he is at workplanterspsrish won't payor can'tagreeingto stand assecurityport.on the vessel and does not like to lose his Bnt the feeling hers, and in all the British West ladies, against Americs snd the Americans, owingjusticeThere seemsto be nodoubt that,,the Baltimoreand these children, with their phys-and their credit.life,April,negro, who isWashington Citv and elsewhere, were;oppressivebetween1,500understood and appraelstad,nothing present to do' in Montego Bay is so rare a sight that he will cre-The Aatcrican Captain seems to think it his special ate as violent an agitation among its inhabitantsar^Tploy far worse tlian ho dare treat slaves in Bouth- eraportaofhisowncountry. It ia too common to bear one of these bullies accost a man with, "elephant, careeringScorr.There U much gayety In the Stole Capital at present.of reform on the nartof tnese abandonedwhom receiveYou d—d nigger, if I had you in New-OrleansTheyeUte of Annapolis, Including many from Baltimore,—and so forth. Theexceedingly sonsitive about his freedom, passes offPbassAccordingly, he gave notice, from house to house, and repeated it oa the Sabbath, that on the foUowiog Mon-Before the hour, 34 women werejob,own current andfullyout,'Wall educated, too—who have expressed a sugar properties inwidt t«<0 to New-Tork, and have given utterance and Trelawnymade many personal friends among their Democraoc that one into drunksnnsss or rice should Westchester County, nearly all superior for tlllsge, vldad vrtth homes In the country.possessing a large population 4o thet« (MMiae feata that if they did so they might be mile It not square ought to be worse off for labor than aJudge Srcup, of our City Court, has been at An-sympaihy, aad may poa^y be s,.ared toe mortlfiea- these rules with moat eisasplaiT strtetasss, and Ihaadd" Mo daT«rr- If on* of the town loafers neighbormg pari!,h.baa a diapota wttb his naighbor, his bitterest abuse The road fromtet» tall bto what Ida narkst value would be in ver parish. foUows the Une oftan equal aannal InstaUaMBta, previdad for by ten^"^CTZ^ and tt seek,or JackaonviUe—with aAWi laat^taiVB thay aaen wondarfolly funiliar.suBsad the bnrdea. There keiag at thalthaa aa in- PusataaaM, bntUwaasaaaCbadMoa, Haw<QriMaaJt • Uyiii^yiytfjslopeofthehills which trendalong tbatffiiThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comriLdtaafthssspoor entsastsforheasatlaksihadpoiatlaaImilknadtaIhatnsitw.taJaaafoUawIwll^HWtD>«tterwhethnwe northern. BusinessrsBalasqnisL MoasyIsjsjinDajjBvaly;ths not—much excitement or solight of their neighbor's fire,byone of $5,000 to Mr.ff^s^^mm^^^^^W^^^^^^y^rr^emttdl^ettt^o^bat it Is Bot an indifferent matter to have one's countrycoast. On their southern sideare liked or hatrd by the people of Jamaica—ss fsr as they csn ha degraded, by the Captains of vlslon froDodswere plentifol. Tha plasaaatastCaklvMtoB tat •«. Jwbm mad Bm>- from which town I have Falmouth, respectablea district which I I was told that sugar cultiva- Outtlaa«4—VataM«tk—PrlM» DImI- and the principles it professes to uphold degraded, tion was rert, bnt that small aatllamsnta and pra-been made te them, or If made to ttam, hadaotksaaregarded as wonky aad aa- sfkelBgHstsasdta; tbeyas atheught, his missionary laker for sasvlar smploymenL sncooragement Tha aUenaUoa of,19UJICIFATieN IM JAJLUCA—IT.Wkat VWt Ti—i II—t«g» Btt7—I<B«ea^ the American vessels which frotinant theae porta. mode of traveling from Montego Bay to Lncaa la b*n,fsrkalf ascBlury.thsrspraaeh and oppratel- Iwhere the cultivation of the cane has been alto-IkvrebMnttddtkatdaringthatarriblaTjsi- getherabandoned. TheparishesafSt.Mary,Uet aregenerallyprofeasionalpilots,buttheirreceiptshoman swtae, Uft to wal-warstobesaved Itmustbeby having an— I of cholera;fallaawhich andcrepia aaema to poaaeaa the commodity, and whichof rescuing Innocent children from ths tntslage of ths only wayto obtain aplacewas toproceedIn the Po-kaaper will run aAer him, bag Urn, aad make the square mile, retains the cultivation of the case, Iteawat of him, for auch game only appeals once why has not Uetcalfe done the aame, (I take thete a leaaon. atparish random,)Immediately after leaving Lucea some fine su- sines. In a small chapel In Centre-street, whsrs svery reated by Mr. Pbasb, who lausiedlately took FindlBgthelrqnarten too straltfm'fbsa>,aBiagar estatea are passed, but they soon give way to Ssbbaih hs gathsrs a congregation as large as can be pasicstion of them, and gathered la aboat thirty of vrise seriously IneonvsnlaBt, the auaagan, aadvjB dense woods, and low, swsmpy lands, where faw congregated la his narrow qnartars, and tails them ths wsmea enpleycd In shirt-making. These he 1855, set aboat srectlag a new edifice. A lotftaSb?•• tsra thinga to the beat accooat. Prlaon diaci- more or were better prudent,managersby were free to Isave at but wliUe Kn^ a pure lelf-denylag Christian philtathrepy, and tkls any time, thay stayed lOf—six stories In height above the bassasskt, iS'are allowed to stop and talk to girls, and amuse ance to of portrefused, hut helping hands were stretched out to himfrom other quarters the boldness and ;square mile,while some in parishes,Dryprtee;trainwaya twenty years'paytime. The estates the island, I have, in nine cases ont of ten, received head quarters were Cow Bay and the Old Brewery. charityhaveher exerted herself memoir,the kitchenvisitors, for applieanta, for eommltteaa, aa"livlBg, amusement, and sport." "No bread, no paralirely few settlers are to be met with. We We have now trevaied as far west as it is possi-whose as much of efficiencypioneers haa been due tofinding him sinking under the hetculeaa 1 post, the services of Mr. J. M. Talosv^ ajthe Island Penetentiary ahouae of sumptuous is exposed to the burning heat of the sun. Com- proffered them at a fair remuneration.asereisedmoat elBcicnl workers to fieldsthissplendid specimenswe Trelawnybut it first it was found entered upon and continued with the most exemplaryers, they, nevertheless, do not fall, and we reach the square and the lodging-house in salety.of course, and many of them driukcn andpro- quarrelsome. Mr. Fkasi preached to them simply ments for the renting of the chapel, and, in the wordsTheyhodawonderfuleye, theseoldfor a good site, as all the towns they ever planted, both in the Indies aod on the Main, fully testify.trialsofthatthem antion snd size the second in Jamaica, is no ex.ception to the rule. It sleeps at the extremity ofthe of the rent, 91,944, aot know- them good situations. ,that, an elliptical bay, sheltered from storms anthem with Abolition has been most signally refuted ries of the pastbut thsy returned totheiraban. ob-with a simple confiding trust la God, which seams toHoase ofIndustrylongerrnanafiTaiT ''.jt^^t.;job.employ a hand as bis substitute, while in port, for activity. A sight of the blue waters of the bay two shillings a week ; and this, while tba estates rippled by the gentlest of breezes, or of a panorlloadingare aanally paid by the.parts, unloadingits qusiut old houses, or its uponlirionLadles' chapelwork likehorsesof the place is contagious.You cannot lookuponattoTheintoxlcatiag cup. missionary re-very of vessels.and the superlatendeace,offor the last trump to awakenamphitheatreand it.about five hundred thousand dollarsand—tiwThey asnail's andfeelpeople moving anything approachingnewed his exhortations and entreaties the duringstill to havs the use of ths« jtA cook will pace, ship'sadmirable likely to suecesd.as aMl "-ama of mountains on the left, that stretchone and awaybased upon the plighted faith of Baltimore.There is a good deal of excitement in nfersaee toand ths establishment was slandsr oa Mr. Pxasx, which has obtalnad wUa aa^ . agatatoo close to dogive tlila as a fact within„day,o'clock In ths morning,simply »s aliving.tsi hena rules: That none training, might become useful and valuable cittzaas, temporary beaia. Children are frequently pl.asatcomparatively easyexertions,never' bean expended.by mountains, waiting apparently;and the utterof sin, and unable to support sewing, millinery,"they were able tolabor. If such labor could bs hadinstruction there : 200 more earned their living by toil,I have nothow 10,000 people manage to exist on the trade ofsoIs about $14,000. but Its poslUon ai»ii w.^lifeinMontego Bay.yetsUivatlon :—the establishment, from itsthe five or six vessels which annuallyenter theAnnapolis. It is a superb Institution, calculated todo much good. There are now there some two bon- Missionary Society, his patronsdred and fifty pupils. Among the curiosities 1 saw in they were a religious, not a charitable association men. The (the museumamongst whom I must not omit mentioning Lieut. responsibility, and at his own cost. He next went which had at first existed in the publls mind, as to the from outside, attend the schools, flM|among the manufacturers of the City, to endesvur loajnlyxpenscs during t4B.0««,of which almostyearsmake little out of travelers, for a strangerthese fourbeenThe averagewhom about SW are children, whoamong omnibuses, might be expected to excite in the midst of Broad-from one to throe BS elsewhere. Of the adults in thi^I—o( the laboring class with whom I conversedmembers the ;obtaina exper-evidence,lodgeare employed In the workshops as 1way pedestrians.The people herethat is, thoseI attended two balls—one given by theother, last right, by Ex-Governor and Senator Pain.shirtmanufacturer,who consented totrythetliat thepay for labor. They complain that a great manyfor the materiala.of theof the old estates have been sold toreportlaboring people of the Parish of St. James.to affect the contested se-its In Congress of Messrs.DavisandHasbibofBaltimore. Otherwise,work the firstday.aad their moralikatnrein the ease of the Slm-straet calamity,complacencypartially bsUncinated or demented upon the subject, pttuml bandage, or drwe tkem/rvm the Siaie. By over-;JusticeJews, to their workmen.wto are I don'tof the young ladies wen lovely be-mybut credited by thewill be unseated. This is to be done a'! a sulct partlsaricultivation thathas,any relapsingwas purchased for the simi of $11,300, and the Int on Sniidsy. To ths honor of iastallmeat of tl,340 paid through tha prompt aid ofgoodIt wBl bo seen that theHouse embracas two;Spaniards,The dreaminessthoughts donedTemperance Societypropositioncapeaad twa abilliags a day. I don't doubt that many stands, aggravates indolence and converts it into Hon. JiHis .Huus Fziaci. A eaueus was held vile deas in which thsy groveledsxcspt throughaacevolunteer Board of Directore was formed, by the efforts mainly of Mr. ^obxi.soh, who were to act asare williag toyiaivietora really suffer from the partiality ofAlliance,; X know of exceptions my-garden respectability,ceptions, doubtlessaelf ; but it will be found that those estates whichof its who did not know or care how they livedworn out in ths service straw work snd children's work as an act ofto oas whose dseda goodf-an uncoiiipromihing laz'uiess.a Spanish look about it, in spite of the lapse of two centuries since Bpaniards were its masters. It wears a smile of contempt for the frowns of for- tune and the cessation of a once flourishing com. merce. It is the chosen retreat of a remnant ofthe old Plautocracy, and their residences. If an-independent,a farm with moneyiare and somewhat always picturesque sym-ths,character, who examined each voock^The meagre salary he did receive would, \most admirable economy, have beea losaSdaat kr his support, but even from this, ke mansgsd te itique,bolic of Jamaica's actual condition. Lo ! an an. cient tenement half buried in luxuriant shrub : —by Democratic aaemben of Congress at WasUagten in behalf of Mr. PxAaca. They say It wUl not do to throwhimoverlxiatd. Letterstothiseffectarepour-svoid starvatloB in any other way,"by claims which their tender hearts could not resistThe town has stilisoBse cveninss age, when Mr. Edwasd Loso, erSom-snd that ha had aad purchaasdwhich is of and the mostDecay, man, vigoroushave tbclr desired and kind of life, which is not of man, progressing side efieet,In May, 1853, three more houses were added to the establishment, making the whole number seven. Mr. FxASB was able by skillful msnsgement, and theand utter with its air of quietude,byegonesomestringentlawsregardingthefree coloredpopu-lation of Maryland. One very eathuElastlc member, ity, and specially latended, aa they thought, for those and conducted a bakery and rooms for toUorlag, plain the facts withont Mr. Pbasb's knowledge or eoaata^mystery discoveredowns many slaves. Other slaveholdlng me[nl>era saythey would resign their seats rather than supporta raf-aiiure.I paid a brief visit yesterday to the Naval School atparents,bypaagsknowledge,a fewnrlor to theadjournment,air and active strengthened by spproprlate— sayandconsiderable thongh Taijlac <did not penetratethe Institution at the Five Pobtta wars eordiaily remonstralsd agalnsi tba ass of thslr the Farm.by wster. I leftoara,the (sod he was aoeompUshlng by It, Mr. Paasa could hostility, at least en their part and wi ;fenad liieU extraordinary inducement, bnt impetslkle to caneslve of lower, deeper, fooler dsgra- lodgings mors aad mors distaatafal Is thsan. Ths avdtfttlioaMiid. no town look, more modani ^, bnt now converted into breeding-pens and pas- apart of their ordinary cvery-day work, I deem it datloa. Fiona and vlrtaons clUzeas deemed all ef- disgusting filth aad sensuality, which ta their former tho hou.M «• *•» b»Ut, aad, tnrage grotinds, lie further back. I know of no no Ught testimony in favor ot the negro's power to fort lo rsform ths daalzeaa of Iks plaoa hopeless, aad misery they had not regarded, had now bssaas re-of tho UrfMt ng^r estatea in thein the i«l»nd, the harbor, diuiiii crop ••«» doned, thongh there may be a vary few. Trelaw- These man who row their boat to Lucea aad backpariahwhollywork,properly paid.if rsspsctabts people visited it, they did so asty aadar the protecUea of a poUcaaun, and evaa than, as thsythsy go for athat have beenaban-and will towork,when be isvaltlBg to asm. Yet whers shouldalaaa aad dscoroas hams t Thslr pnsaaca woald be thispmrUhhe^Mtiine*throngedwithTeeael*. Falmonthit nyoffensomecuriousfactainconnectionwiththe toMontegoBaywithinthatwenty-fourhoursaaa laMxea that baar awaj the mala-^lMTn^'*'"g day. ThaythsUrgadcorporation of thaneat place among Oe charities of ear Ci^but they do not get paasengera everysucceeding year, (1855,) aad tha fasMltaa-tles.to wrest the franchise obtailned Messrs. Btoox byA Co.. proprietors of our present passenger railway,from them. They are for a cnarter. A applyingand which. In conaactiaa wttk Itia- 1 is draining and regulating for a fhilt—oca. Cixr CBAJUTIBA-Ma. III. THB FIVE POINT! HOUSE OF INDrBTRT.' '——I. 'hig, about 200 of the fssblest s^1.,1 ^i^j^—an—receive about a drilar each for ths trip ;as a anisaaes laUTonnded hj a martM, aod woald ondeabtedlr growth of fugar. The land here la notoriooaly effort that white men could not undertake in sock eoBcslved.perlllsdlbalrllvssIathsaet. Ita bihabU- aad womea, aa porar la ksari, perhaps, thaa they— ef firm friends, by whose energyon the route look as wild aa the•llMigara who are beliarad to poaaeaa it are have 80, 90, 100, and even 120 peraons their country. They run away from a strangsr, or ing by charity and coansel the poor, tsaeUag such of Judges snd oCccrs were found who would eoSpsrata ordinary smployers find the opportunity of jade to pay for the general deficiency. If a trav- to the square mile. If, then, Trelawny, vrith glare at him, half in tsrror, half in curiosity, from ths cklldrea as ha could esUest la Sabbath aehools, In this work, and, in a short time, two honses wars to aa bonast life vritbont suffering tha paag* c •br mgft*n in the etreeta of Falmonth, an inn- a comparatively poor soil and a population of 76 to behind a bush. snd finally organized a little ehuroh, about a year cleared, and bsing thoroughly cleansed, were tloa.sugarcultivation has beengiven up,peopleaspsctdrunksn hags with wklck ths ragioa swsrms lice Conr against some of these houses as nuisaitcas. ; aid-cnltureand when •hosa who would hnwith ita rich soil andpopulationmils. It cannot be said that settlers, even, have cast their lot. The countrythe story of the Cross. This long aad wearisome charged $1 25 a week for their board, paylag them the Five Polats Park was purchased for f a' T^WI^tfBaaMea want of money in Jamaica, there ia a of 110 to thedamnable want of economy and want of ingenuity the planters of Trelawny had more capital, were breaks into cultivation round the village of Green taken to vrin humaa applause. It was promjsted providing them with decent clothing beside. Thsy front of 54 feet, and an average depth of a' Uttlasquaretoll, amid a field so unpromising, was not under- all their earnings above this sua, and In many cases building erected at a cost of about $35,000 athan Islsnd—the western ultima thtde of Jamaica—fUne here la a farce ; and a aentenee to hard labor others ; but it can be said that the roads have been where there are a few sugar properties. 1 was faithful worker has. In all these leng years, sought were carefully watched over, and nqnirsd to attend public building In the City Is erected with SDore aan-.yariect moonahine. I have leen these " hard labor kept in much better condition than those of St. told here thst the estates still being worked in the no commendation save the approving smile of Je- regularly at family and public worship. This was in fulprovisisnsgalBst fire or accident thaa tUa. 'ti^ cnnicta" moving aloag the roada in gangs, at a Uary, Uetcalfe and St. George. Bad roads, in Parish of Hanover were doing well, and that those hovah. Bs ought te be better sustained in his labor Auguit, 1850. thoroughly firs-proof, its stairs ofstoaa, its ftiar%aC.' taMial pace, and looking for all the world as some places impassable roads, have helped not a abandoned had been given np for want of means to eflove. A larger and more commodious chapel, and In September Mr. Pxasx determined to opaa a iron, covered with plank, lis walls of bdak aaA to^ ttongh they ware hnnting for cockroaches. They little to diminish cane cultivation. The convey- carry them on. An intsUigsnt resident of Green the means of opening an iitdnstrialday-school, would school for tha children of the neighborhood. He ap- low; andadalrabla arrangameats ban hswaiaia'18 and 20 cwt.> Island, iiimself a proprie'tor, informed me that he greatly enceursgs blm in his Isbors, aad snabls plied to ths Ladies' Society again for aid, aad was for veatilatioa. It contalis a chapsl capaUa of *»'!hogsheads, weighing hlffi to accomplish mars for the object to which hs IhanmilTee In any manner they like. There is no has always been one of the planter's most serious knew of no estate in Hanover whose owner—pos- has devoted his life.—had beenkrto the penetentiary, they are so well treated his stock caused by bad roads, nor the capital or gar cultivation. When I have put the tame ques- life of Clime, very little impression seemed to have Ipte venerable Mrs, Bxbsll, the mother of the present The second floor has a eoBmodioua dinlag-sftn ft their escaping. HanT of the dissipated items ofby raoant ktBta^lL play-ground, occupying ths sits ofaaaafor even out of debtcampe aboat town actually steal in order to get means necessary to supply the constant drain upon compelled frrm mere want of labor to abandon su- and many ss they had succeeded ia rescuing from a friends. Books and maps were given freely, and the the worst buildings in Cow Bay, has just Itteie. They have good food, their bath, and easy the credit to buiTdthat would their tion to any respectable landholder, in any part of been made on the seething mass of pollution, whose Bishop Bbsbix, a lady whose deeds of Christianthe third—the parlor, oflicas, i;expenditureand he has not now thesessed ofcapital,Faithfullyas Mr. Camp and a few others hadwhich he had enteredop<moffriends,a;labored,rooms for thsandleaaoB why he ehonld not be trusted again. I can abandoned, and this is the case over the whole their estates to ruin. I have no doubt that there " To txard the lion in hisdea.ay, from my own personal knowledge, that a man Island. Moreover, where the land is rich, the are districts where tha price of labor is too high to The Douglass in his hall "who had served his time in the penitentiary at- negro is always more independent and more ready make sugar cultivation as profitable as the cultiva- Such a man was soon found. In the Spring of 18S0 with the exception of one teacher, supported for six Farm in the hope of recruiting his hssllh.— The New-York Conference appotntad Rev. Liwis M.' SBonths, by the Ladles' Society, thsy havs since al-tempted to breakfast at the public table of a hotel and eager to buy than where it is poor. Thus, tion of other produce where the negroes, in fact, PiAti, its Missionary at tha Fivs Points, the work of most entirely sustained. impaired by his excessive labor, bat Ja1b which I lodged. Lucidly there was a Judge again, we have another cause besides the bare sre too well off and too independent to work for satsblishing a mission to be carried on under the dl- The school began with about 3$ children. In six the Managers fotmd It necessary to asMB I yreaeat who luMw the fellow, and the guests were want of labor for the depression of Jamaican com- the wages they are compelled to take in Barba- recUon and patronage of the Ladies' Home Mission- months the number Increased to ISO, under the care experience and tact were needed 1 scared the risk of having their pockets picked and merce in consequence of the abandonment of aogar dos ; but this is no justification for the assertion, so ary Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church. of three female teachers. Abont one-half of them the House, then visited by slcknesa, ithe landlady the certainty of liaving her spoons cultivation. widely msde and so generally believed, that they Whether the post was sought by Mr. Psasa, or was were taken into Mr. Pbasb's family, and entirely sap- cuing it from a debt, which was sai!dare to rear the standard of the yslsoBment a bar to fatnre employment, or any sive, the cultivation of the cane has been generally haa ever compelled resident proprietors to abandon tan's isat, who should ventureTha^l^hPVlabstracted. That I may not be thought exaggera-It is a long drive from Falmouth to llontego will not work at all. From all that I learnt in the pleasing to hlsa, ws know not;hebelongedtoa ported-byhim,andmanyoftheethersreceivedapartsuccassfnHn<M£l physical prmtraHsa.town in the Parish of Hanover, I came to the conclusion that adjoining Parish ofchurch wl:o9e Itinerant ministry have well been call- ed " the light artillery of the Sacramental host," andof their board there. So deplorably filthy were many of the children on entering, that a bathing-room was an early necessity of the house, where attendants gave them frequent and thorough washings. Cleanlysuffering greatlyI can refer to an article in the Coloni»l Sian-iari, of the 13tb December, where the writer calls Bt. James. The road lies over a sandy beach and the settlers would work very readily If work wasbut the estates end with theboun-impossiblewas cither aofwhich, having veered round the butt of a hill, we obtain a full view of Uontego Bay and its ship-whose nobleIt Initsdarkesthoiurs,departedthisUfa. Inhistobetween a race course on one hand and a burial-largerepresentation ofofconsecrated to lust ItIn a;crumblingtest theregarding City Pusenger Railway has drawnlags. In aatieipatlon of the ptoceods ef this ]of land adjoining tits Fanm, of which we havaaaawe pass in the shadow of aIn order for services, aad Mr. Psabi, one fine Sabbath In Jons, aa-point of falling, for the want of means.The former reatsd, hadweedsand along a crooked street, ornamented withrsUgioosof leaning like so Pisa tow-hands,thatthey might againinfamy.fortper-stageval Bekaeli dtc, &e. Ctrrrtafimdenea of the Nnt-York Timea,BiLnaots, Saturday, Feb. 18, 181)0—P. H.I have just returned from Annapolis, our State capital, where official duties and professional cervicesThe Neveronly necessarybut he was not long in gaining widerSuperintendent, retirement of the Farm.1have required my attention for some daysliberalityhadmaterially aidedlongportion of this surplus is from Baltimore. The con- was cleaned and rented,room dence of their desire for an honest life t Meanwhile,been and are stillosaklsg by especially Interested par-become dens ofThe Ladles' Missionary Society had tjeeome so far;hope—a man whocross In Sa-teachersand"ay be had there." A maa, after twelve months' introduction of the insect would, I duabt not, pose to bring the reader back to Kingston, in my Bs this as it may, a few weeks proved conclusively The number of his dependents, both the work women the Farm, to take charge of a oompaay «l\afttm^•ad often expresses regret when his term of im-prisonment expiree. The writer, to whom I have"nfarred,iaatancesthe hardlabor"oftwoprison-!elsewhere.At " Little Biver," halfplace." He began with a mistaken idea, it ia true. In February, J8S1, another house was rented, and inRecognizing In Christianity, as every reformer must, May, 1661, still another, while the number poor wo- recalled to hisara onder sentence for felonybread and the other polish the keeper's boots This is penal labor in Jamaica. The wretched <thanked the gods for the same, and for the oppor-tunity of escaping for an hour the blazing mid-daysun. The breeze here came up freahly from theeoteiptfsa waaat here be remained till the Sprlagare eqnal to that which passed large quantities of the cochineal plantbeef," say the convicts,leaidence in the penitentiary, grows fat and sleek, prove as profitable a speculation here as it has next letter, by the south side.;|!one bad to kneadprovedway and Montego Bay, there isAannpolls—United States fiea- Bills—Balls— Iiobbylng-The Free Negro QaestloB—Na-the great power which was to change these sensual, brutish, degraded men and women into good and honest citizens, he supposed, as many have iMforeand since,men and a home imder bis employedbyhim, findingroof, wss 120. Many of these were, at first, extremelyacquire a livelihood by honest labor, that those whoCity andhswasmuii^ eompeBed to ^gj,thebetween Falmouthble to travel on the north side of Jamaica.Ipro-and often of the mostunpromisingcharacter.Tided mainly bythe friends o( the establishment.a roadside inn.at CaocnslDg—Railway:toll,IProceedings aterlalsuddenly failed,and once more the fotmder of the-rmW. G. 8. BIARTI.AND AFFAIRS.orgaa VC tta,'however, trlumphaatly,In favor of their obtaining the charter. The pitiful the proffered Savloar. They listened, aad seme ceptdishonorableof their right, especiallyfroB hisThese poor abandoned women had no mode of es- Temperance Society was superseded by the Temper- In this eonaeetloB, we ought perhaps ts aaHiai^The Five Points and tha atresUworkroom, asd Us laavlag, as thsy The following year was ciM of mhigiadv-'^^»,;^|^estate, was aevar a sssrs compleU cage sf aaelsaasomewhat digressed, is, as I have said, the capitalof the largest sugar-exporting parish in the Island.I have seen many of the estates, and should judge thst this laboi was performed at high noon, that City. Bars anrder aad hut, draakcnnsss aad theft, lady patroBS, all the more painfnl that It originated thanjaatto Mr. FsAaa to say, that tswants ware Ike pariahs of our social systemto whom there resaalaed no hope of return to theirlost karltags of hnnanitylow is their swB iltUaen aad degnulaUonspirits, for whom was rsssrved only the hlackasss af despair.whollyand fromtbaaeussslUsssftlMcorn-thirty thonund peraona are rappoaad to north coast, are exampica of splendid soil, former- the year must be very small.to about l.tOO or 3,000. Ths road thence to Green pity aad labor for these poor outcasts. Twenty-five But this plteotu sppcal of his poor prfgii troabled ths voice of prayer aad priM, aad tha iratiMaattffromtmall-poxcalf, and St. George,ronnd AnnottoBay, onthefrom the aiz or eight vassals that sntar port doring;Hitherto Mr. Piass had shrank from rcisovlBg iia spirit of rivalry it had engendered, caused tka 4sah^w died—Falmonth inliered laaa tlian an; ly cultivated in sugar, but now almost wholly Lucea ia an unclean, reggsd-looking village, Yet, horrible and loathsome as was thslr coadltioB, faaiily to ths scene of his Isbors. Hs want thithsr tloa of the Old Brewery, one of the worstdaaaia Ika I of ita liza on the Uland. It it on the faith of abandoned, or yielded to small settlers. Trelawny, without two houses conjoined, and withont one thera were hearts which were so fully imbnsd with hlBsslf.but returned at night to a home whsre purer neighborhood, and the rearing of the aaataadaai^ house in decent repair. Its population must ba the spirit of the merelfnl aad gracious Redeemer as te air aad more pleasing asaoslatlons sniroaadad Uh. modleos building of the Five Fotnia »"-it"a, la wMhttda, I aoppoae, that the authoriUea neglect the on the contrary, continues to export largely.*aat oidinaiy inlae of health, giro the people The success of beTrelawny may partly owingyears since, Rsv. Aasi CAifr,thsn, as now, amtsstoft- him. He conassled with his wlfs—a aohls, heroic of sacred song from ehOdren^b^ water to diisk, and allow the drainage toitag- the fact that thetips, iiSfliUI'ika ary of the City Tract Society, eommeaced his labors woaas—snd the at once coasentcd to ramovs to tkls drunken oath, tha mmdaroos threatIslsnd, and round the western oxtrsaiity of theBatointheatiaeta aaffideattobreedapeetilence toadvantage. Butthisisnotacompleteexplaru- islsndasfaras8avaimah>ls.^Mar,onthesoath iatheSixthWard.Atthattimetherawarsssvsa Bsstofpolladoa,aadtheresetthsmathar'spartto song.population at maufj ia certainly epidemic in Jamaica. Ho sons to thein the districts is 75 country onlyper-In all this period Mr. CAvr has latiored ily, was a measure thsy were bound to resist. Ths on,of bnt the wages harlotry,whan inegroescannotgrow provisionskaanmehnwrefiaToredlocaUty. Hext to Klnga- tion of its success. It certainly caimot be ex- side, is execrable, and passes through the vrildast Evsagelica] Churches la the Ward, bat nfloe of them thsss rtseuad dsughtcrs of shame. It waaadUBenlt The Five Points Hoosa of ladnstty wasftaii^ which carrlei olT the palm, Falmonth i« the plained by population statistica, for the agricul- country that I saw in Jamaica. It took ma twelve reached the moral desUtntion of the Five Points. In mattsr te obtaia a tsnemsnt. Ths foothold Mr. Pbass isted in March, ]85<. Itsaams has alwaya fittfeattownin Jamaica. Beport mti that when tural force of Trelawny is considerably weaker than hours to accomplish fiAy sailea. I aeldora got the the qaartar of a centtiry which has passed, all these had already gained was regarded vrith splisful nallca as one admirably adapted to its porpoaa. . it is tk tKe PenitenHary eonricta worked on the itreeta that of two of the other pariahes named. Leaving horses ont of a walk. Bometimea wading in mad churches, snd several others since organlxed In tha and eavy by the vile wretches whose prey had as- House of Industry, where all its '""»»«, irfi^jua'they were kept in much better order, but now that the labor mntt be paid for, it ia neglected. Want—soma- same region, have removed up town, aad left ths as,- caped from thslr hands through his infiaextoe, and eapable of labor, eat not the bread nf fillslissi. —somstimse steering among hnge rocksout the town of Falmouth, it will be found that theM5ka timss swimming over riven. If it is thus in the NO or S0,«<10 inhahltaats of that Ward without the the Ingress ot a Christian family, especially his fam- fruit of honest toil ; where the receipts sn aar^BBasson, what must it be in the Wat? Tha Gospel.of.labor and soul and body are alike tralnel byingasalstaats. weU-arrangad scbool-roaBBS.shouldthreeG. T. Bssiu., then rector of Ascensioa Chorsh, to- sixth and seventh, work-rooms, iliiiiiiilislss.raggedalienated as tobeunwillingeven tomake arrange-but a Isadsr for the forlornin that quarter, bnthadthe wisely Ing itspowerof itsBishops, in aselga- requiring severe;,greatly Ineieasad.Institution, and gare ItayaHk;MMto'"that Mr. Piaii was the right man in the right and the homeless children, increased so rapidly, thatto edit the Fivt-Pmiiit Record, ('haBoard,) and to act as General Agent of fkaT tloa. In less than three months,Isbon. Mr. TaalmostEvery buildingto hold aDuringyear 1S56, Mr. Joan H. Sioslss, aaa sf'that it waspreach and;Mr. B. B.was appointed, and Mr. Piasb once more soogU ttateach theform IhemIdess of its scope power.principles ;'frequentlycould not be accommodated with Mr. Pbasb's would take their workat night atrented introductionhome,thethese haunts ofsin,and there heldtraffic Inandtoof Christianity to them to re-or aboth, and the vile wretches whotosostala wU Institution of Im.linfl, ^rfPbasb, persoaaUy. MatAaraf these bequests has yet been receivad, Oat t^qr .wiltputdown a large representation on both sides. Efforts have teredupon his ministerial labors. The beginning offered an Increased rent to tham out of his bequest to himself, Mr. Pbasb has purehasad MfOi~fapast. enormous.morea homethewas most familiar with thethese men scted frandulently, resorted to bribery and aad happiness many of them bad experienced in the time, "many were the days when, with a elsewhere, givingfte. No suchbeen proved. They have some outhavea thorough business training, and when an they'tion,both of soul andbody,and offeredhope, hapoi-el thaMr. Pbasb's careMissionary Societyfor worship on Sundays. This arrangement was ae-frombycame forward wllh ato sustain the eslabUihment attheir own charge ludernionsly,grantiBaaagar, kaalladed to their present degraded condi-fail- Ified for gardeners and farm laborers—whsse ablH^January, 1800, Oa FamsBltkacharges,and there is now so doubt the Committee wUl report aess and heavea to those who would repent and ac- freight of Interests, seemed sinking forever." He as and Integrity hs can fully lacomaisnd—to aaeaiaconuption,to him for bread, and not one dollar in possession or prospect, his poor liark, with all Itsfar-pff past;hundredlookingweek and upon tha succeeding Sabbath, butqualitias<theyft OB their present nods of Ufe,the election of a Ualted States Senator In place of the portals of ths grave. They had no home bat the tkrovm upon Mr. Psabb. Some two months later, a rency. It is that hs nservsd from the funds cSoms are of opinion Mr. Pi\acserable we mast t>e eternallyalready gone. Others thtak differently. Within alag Is from all quarters, which, in my eplnlen,they had no honest work to do, for, knowing what they were, no oneted by the charitable,a sufficient sata to;so wasonly one vote bckind him. Another eancua Is to be appeal to Mr. Psabb. " Don't tcU iis eminent asapprchen-Blens upon the part of Mr. Psasce's friends. Lo.is sin, or starve. Most touchlngly did some of them for;institution,responsible Mr. Psass tojpronsslateraent would be unworthy of noticethey must procure the of wagesmerelyBas offered a bill lo itU aU/ree coloredprrsoiu into per- themselves. These women, on the contrary, sought 150 adults snd 150 children received subsistence and have been evil spoken of, more penistently, pchapSiwe d6 de best wefor a solution of the of at him. He is a rich farmer on the eastern shore, and tbem had been driven into prostitution by ths cruelty school, of 20O pupils, in three departments, was sus- comparatively prosperous. It has, it is true, «f~'Well, massa,hewill, of tie defeated,aad courre,;supportshooting (he markno measure whatever win be passed. Persons laughestobllshment Atained. The whole number of persons who had passedconditioa of the House of Indosby ts debt of a lltUe more than $2,000, and its ."In attendance. I have seldom seen a more attractive array of femalefor the children a wholesome and Inviting retreat In the country, wherebeauty. Many yond description.the would be Chapeldelegates,daysan honestwaiting at the door, and 3i beganlabor,measure,Mr. Pussitiaiaa. I have met here intelligent mulattoes— people in the town complain of not being able to 1 am inclined to believe our deleg»tes would not be should have work who came Intoxicated ; that all ready to do their share In the world's work. Aceord- here by thdrparsBts, who are unable for tha ttaa la"tajaatanehbadtasteandbrutality,isbitterIntheManylaiddownthesesimpleMB get work. St. James has not half the number of olstnrbed, for they sre aU clever fellows, and have should begin by taking the pledge of total abstioeoos ; iBgly, iu ths Winter of 1653-i, a farm of M acres. In suppwt tbam, aad if not reclaimed are usaaUyjaa-bethst all nopolls all the week, defending or worship(orest, and some few sugar esutes. I speak of theatMontego Bay to Lucea, ining, hilly and irregular. There is little to see bot ly disagreeable. Our streets are a pwleol flood ofloathed their desired to escape from It.through I«54. wasto2,000. Among these weretheyinceptionexpenditurefulness Is so thoroughlythat the charitable need no lengthy argumaat tailM;at 7opened, ss a work-room, for all who desired to earnthemselvesby many ofor the keen ofiand paid board at thefree dayThe present Ingmods ofThe mlf slonary next applied to the Ladles' Home 600 females, of various ages, rescued from viciousIhcyunpollntcd horns, this,case, must bsjntt tbers, at tha Fire Polats.usefulnesstoil,miserableaama, and thagnastlons of his motives—promplad at tmjealousy, hut drfolatadaawdithavssy esaastarttoaHl^geratlon, by the vBa dagiadad, lAa aa^t^ this mesns to drive him tna^Ma snA. .klfeMil%persecution was an advaatacs,batk4aM*«i|brsgardsdcertainly no mora vaUaat la reslsttag tamptatkm— woBld shrink ttem them as fraai a pestUsnce. Yet Ifths scenepreseat Five Polats Hoosa of ladastcy waaany raspeelaWs quarter,with his work bad secured himbakary ajd^p^fr! —and tkaenergyroom on the lower floorrespoaslblUty tka 1st ofpresentandbut they replied that habits, transformed Into virtuous and 'jseful wo-weretured by our country during the wars. The various•Acsrs were exceedingly polite snd attentive, anything more were done, it must be on his own by the labor of the inmatas. The strong skepticism In the schools. About 160 persons, moatlriunder accumulatedwere both superb, the latter especially. The iment of giving out work at the Five Points, Mr. constiy, where a new life, under happier auspices, sewers, Ac, generally eara «work for them to do. At lengthhe foundgiven wayshould attendalleged against him. Hs has sic ted a good deal these poor women let it ba said, that they adhered to ccitala friends, and tka payment of ths rsmaladaT In rary «icc«r «id assistuice, and byHano-beach, and is wind move along abont as usaaL The wsatbsr Is miMSS- few Indeed.SSn^ Um ftaaBtoflacw-snow, slnsh and lee. easy.„ XXMOFHOK.picaasd with tkls aaw more of thslr sris^oaarydischarged himself fromcbantes some pisce ofregularly;llon of being deposed.There Is but UttJe news to BalUnaore. «,vi__ cases of warecrime ""• ldoyBeBt,as far as poss-W'. **>'Untitled DocumentTMn5trregnlarity or relapse into vlca varyThs Ladles' BoBie Mlsskoary Sodsty were not eorperaUoB, Ike title to tha profarty ataad to Ut.bedrivento^«^sndi •/Aoutside, are also furnished ssitticompliance with the lalaa of ttl(Bo<ha iltaaqt re- ferred to, and some, wiio liA aaploymaat la ottiarworkshops and board hare. Paraoas manafaetortes,thrown out, as oat ofampkyymaat, or families burssd;but In March, 1852, theburdenhow happy we act as their Superintendent and render then an ac- who have beenshare of thecoaat of all receipts and expenditureslianypecuniary;bnt 1wit is too intol- This arrangement was continued till the Spriogof PxASi's receipts ware pabllrly aekaowladgal W. ;we know allcbaaces are well. But give ns the means of earning an bones: vices they were to receive the sum of (900 a year. ssy that it is simply and wholly a fislsahood. ABIb.;that tooPsABK tonut knowingthefacts,should believeIt,and we will abandon thisday or two extraordinary efforts have been laaklng srsble (or ds to stay in it one momeat, if we could ISM, bnt the slender salary was diminished no little accounts were all anditad by man «fliving,life ,Mr. PiAti was a practical man ; he taw the dlfflcnl-ty, and became coavlncad thattsiescae these poorwretches from their degradation, employment ssustbe found for them ; bat how to do it, was the ques- voluntary gifts of the chariUble, to keep clear of something for the poor. Tka land 1b has ^tion. A few were persuaded to enter the Magdalen debt while constantly increasing his sphere of action. is yet unpaid for, but probably will be by the asJMafpost ibilltywomen, hadand places in abundance were offered them in theopened to many of tbem.The next was to stepprorideOie reform commenced at the Five Points might beskaptD^SMiCapaacarriedical vigor enhanced by purewho eaaa forwardgaallsman TtdnataiOy aad as-to crime,;,-had«27,IKI0 bad been earned 130; ofnumber of resident inmates tilweborne vrith more eqnaalinity sad ChrtsliaB anee than he ths bitter aad eattaialyversy, now,b^s,foraver H burled, Jsgether with other members of that chureh, contribsted rooms, bathing-rooBU, Ac. ^ - ^ ,liberally to the support of the school, whieh Indeed, In the Summer of 1854, Mr. Psaaantbad ta-fttittese were garments were also necessary, and proof large prerioas experlenos,Managers, snd Mr. Pxasa was iisiialllaH titanJi fc"hador from long disuse of the implements of honest in-imskilled in worknever been taught, dustry, their hands had lost their cunning. To teach;either theyits headwhen the presentwas meeting. patience, and so earnest were they in their efforts toorregion so pursue their toil. Could they have given better eri-occupants ofthe houses Mr. Pbasb had getspoken,:sjiuiaatjlargeofhisIsbors. ItralUadaboatIcommodatlng COO or 800 peraons. aits efficieacy. HewasbomtnmtotheFarm till the Spring of leST. Attmarketgarden,in wklckheproposestoselected from the Fire Points House of ladaatv, SC -objects.Itprevents•J'fTM'*^.''; «iTM^»^--: -J* .«*^»i«*Itla«taflprocured.public benefisotoaa, ftia•i rfliiMiiMiMi-vi -iritriit^' -rP^^-*^^ai-i'^- 