 * ^iThat tall, expatriated European in black, smok-;$£$•*'•AJJS$E31E8T1NG FRQM•fThelCT.Ttlbm^,"7^ T _. • • ..- •:••• •-~r~- T—"-^rT M P O I J , Syrjja, Aug. 22, 1860.j a my letter dated Beyxoui July 4, I gave anninthirfo (young,comely,andwhite),ofwhomhe half anhourtheminiaturetornadohaspassed thinkingitw*uverTmTWttalleviateifnotentirelycure " P ^ s proudly, though somewhat obscurely, as away; but the air continues raw and wintry for the that troublesome complaint. 8. £• Evv*Ln,,4^1^ADYBcchwonrth.M rest of the day.. The mercury can rise or fall here < Of Romeo, Macomb County, Mica.and frt ah evergreen, the way at last breaks out upon the broad prairie lauds, with their neat farm-baildiiigti, and their sweeping meadows Of unrivaled fertility.bled crew « " A haltlwell a* to i\ with salt »rSkipper—' large b&Hb kettle?" in'*Never• do, if h'w*A l»rge bj every six q the fifth Jr., of eight \y> pounds ofh •minutes or quarters of begins to dbainerandintend eervi: with anapk after a brief the receipt,. the drair.i- • •mount of it a lot of rait mora than h"Ikaew man, as be t Though a KewfoundM halibut U i * sprit-ssi);through ha found it-ma coarseoeesfWe sat ] on deck abo was beginni once in the < of a coup.e grew very i a wave •*»•< along the<closed tbe < 8tern, watc •".sir waa HO but the' rag Where we valong at a under ware; badly epruDBails. Tber . going overb completely! inch of wlstruck, she in such a gi Wedrov^ . at the helm, to ahed thesharp lock rolled away Seguinligl a stperb aistorm fromNorth, < YenTbaitavButthe; daehiBg'slo wild reefs, them direct not nnmiTft, gale was e white with as they earnand angry 1< as he sat cl over bis broeasilyfrom mast, who* shutting, b many a ha The Assvr suppcrt, anhis face, a swept OVOT ."Now v an acre >f1 anything'.• StroDg. Clems, emboldened and iaciperpetrated by Diuses andLebaaoB, seem determined totaaa population oi the countryhave been protected by foreign terminate the Chna-large. At onetime, as he will freely tell you, heattempted to engage, in'the ocean slave-trade, butWas prevented by circumstances. There is a youthfrom Providence, R. I., and though his chin is stilluThe beet thing that can be said of the crowds which 'hones? Englishman, who came with his son—his fer- at d since no person who thinks at all about the matter in Detroit, and all along through Michigan, beset the vent affection for whom was often most toucbiugly thinks of bim in any other way than as the Prince of progreeB of the Prince is, that they were perfectly manifested even during the brief term of his visit her* Wales, and the probable future King of England, ifc good humored.. They certainly were not over cour- —seeking a little holiday recreation, after a score ofteous in any case, even according to the most liberal years devoted to as hard a toil as ever earned a man'srigl\t to enjoy it.After this, no circumBtance connected with the Prince wind. To get out of the cove we should have to tugthe interior there has been norapacity and hate, and Chj» torrents. All the Christian villages about Da-tain fever,'? but spending a happy hour in the blessed '$ 15 per montb. He is most sanguine in regard to .sunlight. Herepassees a little girl, with abasketthe suceess of his crusher, and would not dispose of of mountain and prairie flowers, arranged m such it except at a large advance; while the very man tasty boquets as only feminine hands can shape. Aan blood has flowed mascus have been plundered jjnd burued, the maleinhabitants put to the edge olj the sword, the wo- men ravished and in many dases dragged off into hopeless and degrading servitude. On Monday, July 9, the carnage commenced in Damascus it- self. For several days previous, the Moslems had become very insolent and threatening, resolved to bring about a collision with the Christians, and only seemed waiting for some slight pretext in order toAt Chicago, the reception was public enough in fact, if not in form. The immense depot was thoroughlymob rushed to the Greek. Co m., a Mohammedanulate, broke open the doors and, putting the occu_ ts to flight, plunderedand fired.the house. Theijneighboring Christian houses shared the same fate,; and soon the destruc- tion and slaughter became general. The foreign consuls besought Ahmed PasiRthe Turkish General, to send relief to the Christiansj but though having aeveral hundred soldiers udder his command, he refused to do anything until ..late in the evening when a company of aoldiertj went to the scene of conflagration, and turning against the Christians, shared in the work of bttrnin and plunder. Mean- while, the mob increased. Druses, Koords, andArabs, awaiting outside e given signal, now rushed in to join the ma acre, and snare in the booty. For four days the murderous work went on. Thousands of Christia; were killed. Dwell- mg», stores, churches, o n v ts, and' consulates— indeed, the whole Christian uarter, in which were>some of the finest palaces the empire, was laid in ruins. The amount of i roperty destroyed is "estimated at£1,500,000. Th number of Christians massacred is said to excee| 7,000; among them were several Europeans, with one of whom, the ' Rev. Mr. Graham, I was jjwell acquainted. He w». • was cut down in the streetJ while flying to a place «f safety. His body was never recovered. The houses of the British and Prussian Consuls, being in the Moslem quarter, were not burned. The other, consuls, as also hundreds o f native Christians, took refuge with Abd El Kader, the Algerine chief.Jesting? Not J, indeed; he has been formally an- nounced, and will poll a considerable vote.:who might as well be- also called Broad John, if you come to that. Mr. Wentworth is pBecisely the sort of man you might hold a mass-meeting with, or whom a preacher might address as a very respectable congrega-suite, their opening experiences were more of water government. I think he wculd make a tolerable pro- The same authority declares that it is far better enter-. Most nobly has this hero aited through the whole • terrible scene,, and well deserves the " Grand Cordonhowever, that in this notable case natural human in-stinct overpowered the promptings of good nature,may riee to, if they had been present. After the meet- ing, the procession, hot at all fatigued, but Wider A wake than ever, marched around by the Prince's quarters,#<i»«;-*;»^ x».T~~ wy, «"« Christian Europe.UWiWfor months, and you shall never look twice upon exempt from public insinuations of concealed royalty, ago made, that the inferior designation of Baronthe same picture, but find it an endless variety—a and for any human male of moderate youthfulneBs to their horror at the sacrilegous deed by jumping out ofperpetual intoxication of delight. * Renfrew would be selected, during the United the frying-pan into a neighboring atream, whence they Here, at the very door of our rude cabin, has Na- venture forth, was to incur instant notoriety, of the States visit, from the vast assortment which he made their way to the sea completely cooked on oneigpl^MPMR!^^: w ~\^stfj*.. :••<;. •'•"•':::SYRIA.i& I- :;conau*e, I H D S H tetter f b r ^ e "candid perusal of their green luxuriance for the crimson tints of Autumn, certain window, whore his Royal Highness could be vites you to vieit nie «• ranche." three miles from dark with a'clotid'of suffbeating 9 u ^ a M . y o t n i ^ e f vonrmanv readers; and I recommend it eapociiOlyto confine the view. Shooting through miles and miles of freely and agreeably mvestigated, with opera-glase orat Sidon, Haabeiya, and Deir Xji Kamar. Since *.aat ruffian, aNicaraguan fillibuster, a prisoner among time atfaira-in Sytia have grojrn much wn>ge, «nd the Mexicans^ wearing a chain and working upontke wanton destruction of prf >peity a?urf \xfy has roads for more than a year, a surveyor on the Pan- >eten fearftil to contemplate, j The fanatical Mos- kina*Railroad, and a wanderer through the world atthese sudden and daily changes would cut our lungs to pieces and send us all to the grave in galloping consumption; but in this dry, pure atmosphere, they cause no permanent inconvenience.The stages have come in from the mountains, crowded with dusty passengers, and bringing the Express messengers with their packages of letters and gold dust for the States. The shadows begin to leigthen, and we stroll homeward. There youMichigan creep along, the road winding close by the shore for the lemarader of the journey. These still green waters are ho welcome sight just now, to those who knew poor Ingram, the rough, warm-hearted,*;<*y the butcheries kiah soldiers in Mt.The seaport towns ships of war, but in "ug to check Moslem• r . t'*•••naked young red-skins standing beside, claiming her jffii the Legion of Honor," just sent him by the Em- maternal protection. • .for the gentleman in question suddenly returned to• Canada, leaving the, reatof this "remarkable land" coiled about in approved evolutions, and separated. Itperor of France. With a band of Algerines he has rescued thousands f helpless Christians, and sent them in safety to sea-coast.But, not to dwell on the e »nts of the past month,which have been already m e public, let. us comedown to more recent occurences. Fuad Pasha,* The suave Superintendent, Jones, hands up theway-bill, the passengers endure the ultimate kand and the green prairie. There rise the mountains, progress" uninvestigated.On Saturday morning, under the guidance of the Mayor, of whom it may be said without metaphor, that he is a host in himeelf, the Prince drove about thethe Turkish Minister of Fi >reign Affairs, ' havingThe Saint, indignant at the insult, cursed the whole Creek. Abusyscene,youperceive—amingled dreamilyagainstthesky. Forty.milestothenorth tionalwayscreditabletoacrowd. Whethersnugly tories,Sec.At1£o'clockthelargeopenbalconyofthe broodandcondemnedthemforeveraftertoexhibit^ yersation to town lots, and afterward to ruining} j claims, insinuating several tempting opportunities for investment; there is evidently speculation in those eyes which he doth glare with. - W e drop into~ irightened out of his wit* at t)te serious turn affairshavetaken—hadsentordersuhattheFrench should bledinnerlor fifty cents. The regular boarders furthest mountain was arrayed in a fiery, daz-pan* ui Last Thursday (August 116) the long-expectedi French troops arrived at Beyrout, and effected apeaceful landing, for.the p<or Sultan—well-nighture painted for us such a panorama as never feasted this well-appointed restaurant, and obtain a tolera- the eye of monarch in his palace. Last night thatmost awkward kind. The appearance of any shado w, happily possesses, seems to have tainted the editorialho matter whose, at any window, no matter which, intheneighborhoodof>thePrince's apartments,was the openallusiontoahigherrankisiuanyway justifiable.side.' In token of the miracle, the entire species haa ever since.exhibited the mark of the fire, generally on the right side; though, now and then, an eccentiicbe received, not as enemies b it as friends. They %have* encamped, 6,000 strong, in the pine grove in the environs of the city, where they will await the arrival of the remainder of the army; some 12,000 or r 15.,000 troops being daily expected. The presence of< these foreign troops has inspired the down-troddenChristians; and Druses, anticipating an attack upon which rents for $350 per month. Within, you. seetheir villages, are preparing to migrate- to the large merely a bar and a few deserted tables, with here district of the Haouran, lying to the south of Da- and there a gambler vainly seeking to attract the mascus. For some time past there have been ves stragglers. But come in this evening, and you will»els-of-war from various nations, English, French, find twenty or thirty of that fraternity busy at i Knssian, Austrian, Greek,.Dttch, Sardinian, <fec., their malign art in the midst of- a dense crowd ofimmediate signal for a shrill cheer, and a reBtlesa mov-ing forward of the entire assemblage. At 9 o'clock on of arrivals, departures, appearances, expectations, in-After breakfast a faint breeze sprung up, and assistedTheSkipj large ecfaoo aft, said (3 Newtigin i,which c* h» Was. runnithere waa low her ir " that a—< to this opix to the nor'Follow L we reachec sheltered h Soutbporv Jnamed app on the shoi W e aiicLoj which hV.d| the gale, t' lowedha*afterwaa done conThe w fortable e\ swallow in clcthtjc aat. hour of ico Ilay.aw tering ou t it was still mengoto« we scon ni finedu<«tJJ lowed in'.O after dir.ue •Cut, a 'oa Town?ei.d W e fo.U.>MJigbtful like a r ve »id«s by m ca>ionaj ghad no rta it not bten Wereaccame to ar seemed to inediauviy Skipper u of lem'CUfreturned i was not w he said, WB ever knur gether frc-As we came aloiJ person, w could let h pay. His p eecribf-The A peal ane' tying a t the different Syrian I ports, but strange to Bay, during all these three months of anarchy and war, in which the lives of many American citizens, missionaries and others have >een endangered, and in some instances their prop* rty destroyed, not a single American ship-of-war has appeared uponthese coasts.A Moslem outbreak has beon daily expected at Horns, but at the last account s nothing serious had occurred. Many of the Chrii tians had fled, some of whom were robbed of all they possessed. Mr.speculators,' and hear the confuted ringing of dol- lars and eagles, the'clinking of glasses, the, often amusing rigmarole of the gamblers, and the mut- tered curse8'of the losers, all half drowned by the steady strains of .muBic from the band upon a plat- form in the extreme rear of the long apartment. One of the gamblers left for the Stites, a lew weeks since, with $4,500—the proceeds of his three months' labor at^ " three-card monte." Last year this edifice had a-floor of mother earth, walls of logs, and roof and windows of common sheeing;that had been heard in Canada.But even here there was more curiosity than enthu-siasm. The moment after the Prince had entered hiaOccasionally, a solemn and verbose proteat appears,warning all Americans against so shocking a breach ofdecorum as.to hint, for the present, at the existence of;, Wilaon, an American missionary residing there, but it was the first class hotel of Denver. Soonleaving Horns .for Tripoli, was seized by the Be- douins, but after a few hours'; detention effected his escape.after Mr. Greeley's arrival he was called upon to address the accidental audience in its great saloon, and it was pecuiarly refreshing to hear him, whileCorreopondence of The N. Y. Tribune,, •'^.?»;i>)>o: <v7W-...NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1860.^4\m which we receipt totown, w h ^ ^ n e wafmake you acquainted with his in the icy windi A few drops of Tain fall, and in S K f f i E ' 3 5 troubled with the Pike's Peak fever, this splendid avenue of miogled purple, and brown,otherwise—andsoon7Tothiscomplexionthetikh&mift journalists of ibis region seem hastening. No*, since the Prince only drops bis highest title while in theUnited States, in order that his visit may not h» aoycate be mistaken for a StaJe visit, such as might subject him to the tribulations of official receptions, ad- . dresses, and tbe like; without the slightest design of * dispotsewing himself of any of that divinity which <!otb hedge the eons pi kings, as well as kings themselvestfurther and easier, in -the same' time, than in anyaoeount of the horrible massa- ;re of the Chris tian^ Adonis of the plains—has been a Kansas border other portion of the Upion. On the Atlantic coast, THE VISIT OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. A little later the treacherous green waters of LakeThat fine-looking, dark man of thirty—-a; swarthywhite withvaluable quartz-mill in the mountains. Two years see a pale, tottering invalid, still weak from "moun-d es seem the silliest kind of an affectation thus to splash and flounoer among what are made his conflict- ing titles, as if anything was to be established by ad- hering to especially one or to aaother, or as if anybody would care a snap for aD the subordinate raaks of hie? young and amiably as well as Royal, Highness, if the • most brilliant of all were not known to be there orer- topping and extinguishing the feebler luster of the wet. Gentlemen, be not deceived «ith tbeidea that anybody but the Prince of Wales is among you.the down of adolescence," he owns aago he was working upon an Illinois farm atWestern principles of courteey. It is not considered afair expression of hospitality, when welcoming a guest,to throw a part of his suite overboard at the sametime. There is a hngering doubt, too, about the pro- crowded, excepting the platform leading from the priety of such a pressure of enthusiasm as to endangerwith whom he is conversing, has just sold his mill in the mountains for half its cost, and is return- ing to the States disheartened and disgusted.Here is an elderly, gentleman, a pioneer in this region. "When I first met him, ten years ago, he was a wealthy Pennsylvania banker, in broadclothquarter will purchase one, and cause her bright eyes to glisten gratefully. . : .There are many ladies upon the street, often dressed with taste and elegance. The unmarried ones, permit me to assure you, pass rapidly,into the state matrimonial, for the demand is'large, and the supply limited. There goes a merry party in a car-Prince's car to the street. This was kept clear by an admirabledistributionofpolice,BOthatherethevisit- ors were enabled to disembark without the least an- noyance. Nobody could have been pushed overboard here, even if there had been any water convenient which, by the way, there was not. The Richmond House, close by, was quickly reached, and the guests were comfortably bestowed in leaa than the twentiethand fine linen, and had narrowly escaped being riage, behind a pair of coal blaok\ horses, followedFROMPORTLANDTO MOUNTin.m DESERT.made Governor of that commonwealth, lacking closely by a company of equestrians, while a rapid begin their bloody work, jpn Sunday, the 8th only five votes of the Whig nomination, in those good youth, in jockey cap and skeleton gig, ejaculates,several Moslem boys busied;{themselves in making old days when the Whig nomination was equivalent. "g'lang," and passes them like the wind. HereNotwithstanding the Assyrian's impatience to reach Booth bay, we found, when we came on deck Friday morning, that there was little inducement to get undersigns of" the cross upon the ground in front of the to an election. When I next saw him, he was ar-churches, and spitting and stainping upon the sacred rayed in buckskin and corduroys, in a Pike's Peakemblem, as the Christians were coming out from their cabin, cooking flapjacks for his own breakfast. Heworship. For this and other indignities complaint: is now a candidate for Delegate to Congress, withwas made to the authorities, and on the next morn a fair prospect of election. That tall, thm-facodmg the boys in'question were sent in chains to person, with mutton-chop whiskers, a few feet be-sweep the streets m the Christian quarter of the yond, is the famous " wheelbarrow man," an ec-erty. It is said that this form of punishment was centric and plucky printer, who came through chosen, by the Mufti and! yiadi lor the express from Kansas City to Denver (700 miles) two yearspurpose of still further ex ago, trundling his complete outfit upon that primi- against the Christians. At rating the Moslems tive vehicle, and bringing pricisely ten cents in his result. And on Monday p y rate, such was the pocket. He too, is a Candidate for Congress."stood the little log cabin, which; a year ago was jumped by Mr. Greeley and his a'nd your most obe- dient, and by them jointly occupied for three weeks. Eents were then at a low figure in Denver, and even when the owner of the habitation returned from the mountains, he merely looked in for a mo- ment by way of curiosity, humbly apologized for his intrusion (politest and most marvelous of land- lords!) and "jumped" the next vacant cabin which he found, for his own'use, until the depar- ture of his non-paying tenants. But I regret to notice that he does not. seem to have found this method of doing business lucrative, for he has re- moved the cabin sixteen miles from town, to a ranche on Clear Creek. The house in front of it, too, has concealed its original honesty of logs, un- der a hypocritical disguise of clapboards.Passing on, at this wholesale house you noticethe wagons of half a dozen miners; buying suppliesthing else—the Prince escaped speedily to his hotel; whither some of his companions succeeded in following him, with only the inconvenience of a temporary tusslequietly bowed his acknowledgments to the enormous with dense clouds, threatening imminent rain, and, crowd that stood below. worse than all there <was not the slightest breath of 'There is a young merchant from Boston, who leftthat " hub of the universe" soon after an unpleas-antly notorious scandal case in which he was in-terested; an-ex-merchant from Madison, Wiscon-sin, who, when he suspended in that gem city ofthe West, owed a single hardware house in Buffalo$40,000; and, brushing past them, a rough minerlrom California Gulch, just starting for the States,with 106 pounds 0 gold dust ($20,352), all takenfrom his owii claim during the Summer by himself,his brother, and several hired hands. One of hisneighbors in the mines, who owned the richestclaim in that rich gulch, left for the river a fewdays' since with $50,000, according to current re-porta. l i s name, Mr. Gradgrind, was Earl, and conciliated by daily tit-bits from the hand of Sam, amiable indifference of some of the watery sufferers the one in the crowd before you is a Mr. Thomas.Close around him are half a dozen discouraged im-migrants, also starting for home—in the Pike'sPeak vernacular, ''Pilgrims bound for America."Question them, and they assure you that they haveprospected three months without making a cent;built long before the advent of civilized man. They that the mines are a humbug, and breathe • out are eminently merry and social creatures, like thedepot offered the mute, moiat testimony of his troubles.It was a stirring political gathering, at which the Wide-Awakes, all in their capes and caps, and bearingIthreatening8 and slaughter against all journalistswho have indorsed them. Jostled in among theseand many more not-noticeable persons, there standsan erect, blanketed, solemn-visaged, mahogany-colored old Arapahoe (probably Lo, the poor Indianalluded to by Mr. Pope), and just on the outskirtsof the throng you may notice his squaw, still moredirty and repulsive, with a coal-eyed little papposepeeping over her shoulder, and three or four half-Be was wringing out his hair, and, while sheddingr'streams from every lock, strove in chattering uncertain torches and Lincoha flags, had assembled to welcomeshakings and final valedictions, the whip cracks, the coach rolls away, and the crowd disperses.after all, the great. feature of the Gold Region.While at Detroit, the Prince was watched for, even- ing and morning, with a devoted and persistent atten-Seventy miles to the south, Pike's Peak, like an old Let us walk down Blake street, toward Cherry castle, "majestic, though in ruin," lies dim andcity, and visited numerous large warehouses, manufac-pay $8 per week. How so much board can be zling glory, "tooterrible to look upon." Now, itie afforded for so little money, in a.region where pota- robed in a pale, unearthly ligutji.and you feel thatmind of Michigan and Illinois with the notion that soSo we have long columns giving eloquent descriptions individual displays it on the left side.toes command 15 cents a pound, flour 14, sugar 25, and butter 50, is a profound mystery which we will not seek to penetrate. 'it belongs to another world, view it again. Does it leave the impression that you could ever reach it by mortal means, or even clothed in mortal body ? No; you can only think of the Celestrial City, as it"burst upon the vision of the pilgrim Christian; or those Sabbath evening pictures of heaven opening to earth, which you receive in childhood on your moth- er's knee.The sun goes down, but the cold air aseails you in vain; for still you lie upon the sward in silence, that " perfectest herald of joy," until the last fold of night's curtain has fallen and shut out the pic- ture. Quiet and subdued we enter the house; the doors are shut, the candles are lighted. An. hour in conversation, another at a rubber of whist or some kindred department of productive industry, and then, in that sweet sleep which comes to the pillow of weariness, you forget the strange, incongruousFriday morning, the Btreets fronting the Russell Housewere thronged, and when the visitors drove away, perfectly understood heading of "Baron Renfrew," or the middle of the forenoon reached the open sea. The.Here is Denver Hall, one story, 35 feet by 120,with inquisitivee. There was very little noisy display, except at the depot of the Michigan Central Railroad,wind—what there was of it— and tide still serving, the that if the person whose movements are thus exhaust- Skipper proposed to run southward a few miles out ofThe Christians of Aleppo ipave thus far saved standing up between the bar and the gaming tablestheir lives by giving heavy bribes to the Arabs, who (at which operations had been suspended for the threaten to sack the city. ' purpose of listening), make an earnest anti-gamblingAn extensive insurrection at Cairo was prevented and anti-drinking speech. The habitues took it by the timely ditcovery of the plot, and the imme- very kindly, and the-outsiders were vastly amused.vented. on the upper Mississippi, which he left to the great few have done well, bat the proportion is exceedingly Twentyyearsago,wh«»nIbiahimPashagoverned bereavementofhiscreditors. Heisnowaspecu- small. InCaliforniaGulchsixmentookoutsixpounda Syria, and his vassal, the Einir Bechir, ruled in lator; last year he was a barber, and his wife a of gold in one day. Pour men of. another company M<#ratLebanon,securitytojpersonandproperty laundress. IshallneverforgetaJunemorning tookouttwopoundsadayforseveraldays.Somefew became proverbial. But the English drove out Ibra- upon which- he entered the room of the editor of companies have made fortunes in a few days, but thehis cigar, began to " play " his prize.;> >diate execution of the prominent persons engagedin it. Had Syria such an efficient Government as ing a meerschaum, and looking on so oracularly, is could not make their board. At Gregory's a few have Egypt enjoys, the bloody massacres on Moupt Le- ihe " Count" Murat, who claims to be a relative of done first rate, but most of them have not paid ex- banon and in Damascus might have been pre the King of Italy. He formerly resided in a city penses. At Tarryall, Arkansas, and Blue Rivera, aAfter a long and exciting eontest the subdued halibut % • Was at length brought to the surface in an exhausted condition, and was skillfully hoisted on board by the Pilot, who exclaimed, as he laid the monster on decks "Ahundred-pounder,byGeorge!"The delight of the Assyrian was boundless. He got uponthetopofthecabinand,swinginghishat,gave.him Pasha, and gave over Syiha once more to thetender mercies of the Porte. .[Ever since that thecountry has been filled with anarchy and violence,until at last thousands upon tlaousands^of Christianshave been butchered* scores and scores of villagesTHE TRIBUNE, in this very building, with a basket upon his arm.COUNT.—I have brought your washing home, Mr. Greeley—ten pieces.many unfortunate oneB, who are never heard of in the papers have made nothing at all. Ninety men went prospecting on Grand River, west of the Range, and followed it from where it was thirty rods wide to whereBtruckoificial, achieving hia legs with anettbrt, " I three cheers. fi Hurrah, hurrah, hurrah!"AUG. 24.—-A dispatch from Damascus dated Aug. 20 states that by order of Fail d Pasha, 64 Moslems HI, have been hung in the streets >f that city, and 110 Turkish soldiers shot, and upward of 1,000 are stillyou shaved me yesterday beside. „that beV" Al*'» not to goodPor the children of men As people have boosted"COUNT.—One dollar, Sir.in prison awaiting their fate. Five thousand more nity).—Is that all I owe you, Mr. Murat /Eer day. A quartz mill in Quartz Valley took $400 :om one cord of quartz; afterward they ground four cords of quarts, and got $10 per cord. Nine-tenths of%M: French troops have arrived at Beyrout. It is said the Moslems have attempted ii poison them by put- ting poison in their milk. On|y one soldier, how-ever, has as yet died from the! effects.A DAY AT JPl•AE1 S PEAK/r©». Omr Own Conr*«pond*nt.COUNT (cheerfully).—Yesr Sir. . 'E D I T O R (looking up abstractedly from a half- a man could jump over it, and found nothing. Tnercbeg the privilege—ah—of being allowed the favor—^h—of venturing—ah—to make the suggestion of offering—ah—to propoee aa a subatitute—ah—before the healthof hia Worship, one-ah—which, if nobody objects, Ishall take the—ai—liberty of giving before that to whichwe have just—ah—listened. Nobody ventured to offerto propoee to insinuate an objection. l' We are all sen-sible of the merits of the distinguished individualto whom I am about to allude. His Wor-ship the Prince -Consort ia one who has thereepec.t of every true Canadian; and Bince hisRoyal Highneas the Mayor has—gentlemen, I giveyou, if you please"—and here oame in the toast,with a clash of glasses and a resonance of cheer-ing that buried the poor gentleman's remarks in still the flounder, and was smooth and of a dark brown more unfathomable obscurity. The present royal mix-is common on the coasts of Scotland and Ireland, and -. on the east coast of England, though it is not plentiful • on the southern coast of that country. Itflourishee beet in northern latitudes,' and the Greenlanders often subsist for a considerable period exclosiyely on its , flosh, which is cut into slips and dried In the sun. The Norwegians and Icelaudsra also largely salt and barrellaid waste, the fairest portiors of the land depopu- written letter).—Yes 1 How much will it be, Mr. is no digging found yet in the Middle Park worth go-lated, and thus the integrity of the Ottoman em- Murat? . ing after. The permanent| gold diggings here are inpire has been preserved and t e country ruined.COUNT.—Two dollars and a half, Sir. the quartz leads, and many of them, are not worth open- E D I T O R (with sliglrtly-elevated eyebrows).—And ing. It is repoited that a man took out $iX) from atebd from one pan of dirt, and another $40 from one pan in another lead at Gregory's. One quartz mill at Gregory's tykes out $125 a day, another $200, anotherHow much willEDITOR (with peculiar deliberation and solem- $300 and one on Boulder leads is said to take out $600The claret was brought, and we drank to the health of the halibut who by this time was gasping his last on deck. It was truly a noble fish, lacking but a few inches of six feet in length. The body was much larger in proportion to the breadth than in its kindredWith an air of unexpected relief the bill was paid, the quartz is not worth taking out. Manyof the quartz and the Count departed gaily, while the Editor in- mifls are not paying expenses, and can be bought for dulged in a dry remark, to the effect that he would less money than they coat in the States. Three Rasters hardly be compelled to leave this country Surrepti- at Gregory's ground three weeks on the best quartz tously, from inability to pay his creditors ! I have from 30 different leads, and they.averaged $17 per week,had a deep conviction, ever since, that the Count while it should have been $250 per week.color on the right side, the ltft Bide being whitish with- out spots. The lower jaw was longer than the upper, and both jaws were furnished with two rows of strong, *depart. Here is a well-form d, elderly man, with comprehend, upon that theory, how he has'been en- A few leads pay from the top, but most of them have a devil-my-care expression^ b it a face foil of char- abled to burst from his tonsorial chrysalis, into the to be blasted through rock to the depth of 30 to GO feet.' acter, and phrenologically sif oificant of wonderful garden delights of real estate speculation. Gulch claims have to he stripped from six to twentvOnce more in the street; you notice that knot of and sometimes forty feet to get to pay dirt and often-hing to suppose, would find a course of titular investi- gation neceeeary to the lucid comprehension of these duplicate, or triplicate appellations. Who would, not be bewildered to read a atirring paragraph or two, im- plying that Baron Renfrew having arrived, the Duke of Rotbeay was now safe in his hotel, where the Lord of the lales would probably remain awhile in the se- clueion he at present coveted. That the Earl of Dub- lin meditated a personal inspection, on the ensuing day, of the many objects of interest oonuected with the re- markable city, &e., after whioh the Duke of Corn-perceptive faculties; long, black hair, complexion idlers in front of the saloon, drawn thither by a times it is not found even then.like a Mexican,'and eyes Ike an Indian. It is drunken brawl. One of the belligerents produces a Miners this year have not averaged ten cents per blushed from the rim of her low-necked dreas up toweapon. How suddenly half the lookera-on disap- day, and those I am personally acquainted with have James P . Beckwourth, the lalf- breed, so long a pear around the corner, while the remaining half, hot made even that. . .chief among the Crow tube, and the most famous ' Just compare the price of labor with the price ot pro- instantly and instinctively draw their revolvers. visions, &c, and see if the state of thingslooks healthy.Where her hat hid the rising tint, and walked proudly away, caring lor nothing beyond, her ambition satis- fied, thereafter to be a marked aud much envied young, aesuriig brandy it thing of t tioa of UM hailed by the tow it.hetoopr wise hascribed bi The A*.•Jjodian fighter of this generation. Let me intro- The disturbance is quelled without bloodshed; but and prosperous. Labor is from $1 to $1 50 per day, and woman in village aoeiety.'it for home consumption. - V . <. Ha We voted to have a piece of the halibut for dbanery,^ for which meal the Pilot had already kindled his fnr^*duce you. Though his body iji mottled with scar* your readiness to move on is quite pardonable. No doubt you begin to appreciate the emotions of " In worn t-xlJtmtB fttid oa i « j*-rfJoua edgo that historic sailor, who in a letter home, to epegra-you J6nd him the ytry pink of (jjoortesy, wfcniDg and niatkally wrote of society in Patagonia, " the "peopleherehavenomanners,andtheircustomsoften men cim be hired tor their board. .Floor at Gregory'*!<.......................lGctn. per 1?5. JJUCOD .......•.«•..•••••....••••...,,H5 cttf. pur lr>. Krown Buflur .../........... . i . . . . . . . . . . . . ,.30 cts. per It).' CvOtitM3.««....?...»................••......»..iio cts. p<jr to. Al**U.i....«.**...»...•..*......I.....*••••••.11CIS.PerIti. XNUIIH.»•«..«..»#.'*...»«.. ...............'.... Zo Cw. por 10$ ' Cait iJte'sl.. i • < . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ^ 1 00per 10.The passage from Detroit to Chicago was long, butnever weariaome. Ten houra of railroad travel caneaeily be endured where the route lies through a coun-tryofsuchrichandvaryingaceneryasthatwhich country.ThattheEarlofChesterwould,inaccordance thefish.TheAssyrianwasdeterminedthatitahouHpolished*mmanners,though extremely communi- 4 cative about hi* own exploiti. He cordially in%...(' are disgusting.". . . *Suddenly the genial air. grows chill; the street is6 •here openn from every point. "Half way the knotted Having a greater regard for facts than pleasant guo* forests; juet touched by the fir«t frostw, and droppingwith his announcements, hold no public levee;' aud thatthe Earl of Eltham would, at a given hour, appear at a at the end of Frank Forrester's Pish and Pishing, -gfUJ.»-•*- > ^ ' --11. '"'-•• -•www.fultonhistory.com_M_imbibee, flings his glass against the wall or at the head of the barkeeper, pays liberally for the damage, and departs to repeat elsewhere his pleasant eccen- tricities.the crowd seemed to compensate, with every one, for the Prince shook some of hie band, and addressed a few Frieslanders, however, Ithink otherwise, and have all vicissitudee. Nobody seemed troubled, though every- complimentary remarks to his lower waistcoat button, been at the trouble of naturalizing them in fish-ponds. body laughed a little, at the unexpected demonstration. which,with both etanding on the same level,would about •Rie- flounders, too, about Memel, on the Baltic, are Por the Prince, who personally suffered very little, if reach to hie Royal Highness's eyea. When the Mayor held in esteem as food. Mr, Pranks, in his " Northern any, ditcomfort, it was perhaps easy enough to view reappeared, he looked pleased all over, which ia saying Memoirs,".commends them for their game qualities;the tribulations of the rest with unconcern. But theHome again, and tea over, we recline upon the green sward before the door, to enjoy our evening [ [reflections and cigars. . Three or four prairie dogs,a great deal in a fe>w words.play unheedingly a few yards away, now standing «pon their hind legs, erect as grenadiers, to nibble a bit of bread or of grass, and now chasing each other gayly from one of their little mounds to an-was, on the whole, as affecting an exhibition of pure compass him about, and could have wandered out into "worm that they will go to the banquet, though they - virtue as I ever witnessed. I saw one of these gentle- the streets of Chicago laet Friday night, he might have " die at the board; they are endowed with great reeo- 'into the uncertain, debatable ground, between earth and sky.of Dwight, where he is to remain a day or two, shoot-of anticipation of imagination, rather than realization. ing and resting. He then proceeds to St. Louis by the j the two sides of the fish to the fact that when the •Soready,indeed,woethepopulaceofDetroittograt- of the nearest hills, to the -unsullied -white of ify its flaming curiosity with any expedient, that no the Snowy Range; every form, from the long, flat man, young or old, bearded or shaven; could emerge atAMERICAN VICISSITUDES. From Our Own Reporter.^,•wayofAlton.There is great agitation hereabout, in the matterbers, tomatoes, melons <,at $1 25 each), and so onto the end of the succulent list. One of the by- summit of Table Mountain, to that perfect cone, any moment from the hotel, except at the imminent fastened upon the Prince during his Western were among the first victims of the massacre. TheItrevealseveryhue;fromthedark,richpurpleTurksconqueredConstantinoplein1453,somepriestsimages of A Day at Pike's Peake.A. D. it.possible contact with those of the ocenpauts. So thick- inadvertent recognitione of the actual position of tbeFROMPIKE'SPEAK—AN VIEW.UNFAVORABLE!j.royal visitor. I find in a newspaper of yesterday a paragraph containing ah announcement of the arrival of Baron Renfrew, followed by an intimation that " the Prince " would be visible on the balcony of the Richmond-House at a certain specified hour, coupled immediately with an admonition that " the young lord" ought not, on any account, to be molested by curious impertinents, and ending with the statement that ' his Royal Highness " would leave town at such or such an hour. Ods shaved heads and straight wais coata 1 what lunacy is this 1 Anj thing more hopt-leesly imbecile I have not eeen or heard since I left Lon-don, C. W., when, eeeking breakfast the morning afterthe ball at the Tecumseh House, I was put near abodyofaugustCityCouncilmen,"whowerejustvent-ing the climax to their festivities.- The Mayor's healthwaspropoeed. "Gentlemen/'saidasudden-thought-•- I wemass.ly they swarmed that the train could not be stirred, for fear of crushing some dozens of them like insects. At last the persuasions and warnings of' the very few ofiicials who stood by had sufficient effect to induce a partial clearance, upon which the cars moved slowly away, numbers still clustering leech-like upon the sides, and sucking in heavy draughts of royalty, until the increasing speed obliged them to drop off, with ap- petites half satisfied, in rolling and tumbling masses.' All through the State of Michigan there was the Bame 'irrepressible hankering after a scent of nobility. Ae the train rolled out from the thick forests into each new village or town, the track-Bide began to be dotted with knots of gazers, which gradually joined in an unbroken linoasthe.stationwasseared...Aesaonasthecars stopped they wore surrounded and besieged in the same mannerasattheDetroitdepot.Itwasfortunatethat the doors were locked, for without tins check uponin- trutione, the royal party would have been swamped in a deluge of desperate tuft-huaters. There is notliing for it but to bolt and bar when your desperate tuft-hunter iB abroad. So the doors were kept barred, until the train bolted, which, it always did as soon as ever the rapacity of the engine could be appeased by the needed supply of cold logs and cold water. Meanwhile the Prince's car hadborne and shed several crops ofunwashed urchins; had been Burcounded by dense battalions of red-cheeked girls, Emiling with all their might and anain, and very much at random, not knowing precisely where to di- rect the beams of their recognition; had received the maturer approving glafices of mediceyal matrons, and the parting cheer of solid farmers on platform assem- bled. Of all demonstrations, the most active proceeded from the small boyB, and the most enthusiastic from the email and other maidens. The excited manner in which this last interesting clasa ran about over stagings'MAMMOTH CITY (14 miles from Gregory } Diggings), Sept. 6,1860. ]• It is a settled fact that there is gold here; but vary few persons in the States know what proportion of those that"come here get it. A few of the gulch dig- giDgs have paid well, but many do not pay board.In'Eric, Bartlet, Miner's and Eagle Gulches, mendesigned to graduate, his prices by the purse of his When a man wants to sell his mill or his claim, thedebtor; and always made it a p^oint, on principle, to reports from them are exceedingly satisfactory, and and steps, stretched high on very tipa of toas, andture of title is quite as ludicrous, and, moreover, hasnot the Bame extenuation of bibulouB circumstancewhich freed the London official's tangled phrase' from sharp teeth. The lips were large and fleshy, and the all reproach. A slightly uninformed reader of theWestern paper?, aupposing there were any such,which ia, perhaps, a very unwarrantable and improperhow much discount should be ,made for 'such circum- charge for his professional services, the full supposed stances I leave for the beBt judges of human nature toeyes of remarkable uize, between two and three inches. in diameter. ,,„ The halibut is not found in the Mediterranean, butDKNVKB Qmrl, August 25, 1860.A motley crowd is this wai iog to see the coach amount of his victims "pile." You can readily determine. . : "waved handkerchiefs and hands with hope of gaining momentary attention from within, made one of the liveliest pictures of feminine zeal that ever was wit- nested. And when once, at a lucky moment, a sweet- ish sixteen caught a favoring glance from the Prince as he leaned forward and looked out at a window, shev->* C-.£ ' CHICAGO, Sept. 23,1860.the ribs, toes, and garments of those toward whom itis directed. I suppose that the Prince of Wales andhia party were never before involved in so wild, so un-manageable, and so uncomfortable a crowd, as thatwhich last Thursday night, at Detroit, impeded theirlanding, and ecattered them right and left; throwingsome among the turbulent waves of the mob, wherethey buffetedunavailingly, andothersinto the, quieter pait of the time wasted at Detroit. As if unable tobut not more alluring waters of the river, where they control the4xpreBeion of his satisfaction at this (unex-dallied biitkly with the waves, until fished out, Shiver- pected?) freedom from bother and fuss, the Princeing and flabby,,like a jelly fresh from the mould. By stepped out upon the balcony over the doorway, and, way. The air was chill and damp, the sky covered exceeding good luck~it could hardly have been any-transpired. He received, socially, a very large delega- at the oar for at lea».t an hour, and on gaining the open with the eager mob. The rest gradually dissngaged tion in the person of the Mayor, Mr. Wentworth, who sea might find ourselves still becalmed. So we con-Jthemselves, and, in time, were restored to the is popularly (or unpopularly) called Long John, but cluded to have breakfast before we started, and whilepresence of their fellows. " In V private capacity," said the Prince, in his farewell address, at Hamilton," I am about to visit that remarkable land which claims " with us a common anceBtry, and in whose extraordi-that was in preparation, we dropped our lioes over th« side of the sloop and caught a number of large fkunders.The Rev. David Badbam says the besttimefor tak- " nary progress every Englishman feels a common in- tion. The fact that he is allowed to cast only one vote ing the flounder is at lawn, when he is on the prowl" tereBt." Certainly, his first impression of this re- at elections could be used as one of the most flagrant for a breakfast: >markable land must have possessed an uncommon evidences of the injustice of the republican form of " He that intend* a flounder to #urpri««, interest. As for a few unfortunate members of the Mart rtart betioo««, andfl»fabefore •nnrite."for the mountains, while a man on horseback, ininebriate jocularity, -rides into the next door saloon, than of land. But the unmistakable good temper of cession, all by himself, on gala days. It is believed that tainment to fish for flounders than to eat them. Themen, a short time after his involuntary plunge^endeav- witnessed one of the most interesting and characteristicoring to restore himeelf to an external condition of scenes that this country can ehow, and one that he will** lution, and struggle stoutly for the victory when" hooked; they are also more than ordinarily difficult?. to deal with by reason of their build, which is alto" gether flat, as it were a leveL The flounder, I must" farther tell you, delights to dwell among stones; be-" sides, he is a great admirer of deeps and ruinous:" decays, yet as fond as any fish of moderate streams; ; " and none beyond him, except the perch, that is mora" sokcitous to rifle into ruins, insomuch that a man " would fancy bim an antiquary, considering he is BO " affected with reliques." ->The French fishermen account for the distortedmouth of the flounder by the foUowing legend: St»Christopher, a martyr of the third century, one daytook it into his head to bless the fishes and to preach tothem. All the inhabitants of the deep came andlistened with attention and respect except the flounder,who derided the holy man by making faces at him. •other. This is-.the heart of one ,of their towns, propriety. A pile of reeking clothes in a corner of the perhaps have* no other opportunity 6f seeing so well.squirrel or the rabbit, with no canine characteristic except their bark, which is like the yelp of an ex- tremely infantile puppy. Attempt to catch one of them, and'he laughs audaciously, and waits till you think you have him, when he suddenly gives you a parting yelp, aud by an agile summersault throws himself into his subterranean domicile. A pair of prairie squirrels look up inquiringly, as they play at our very feet, and a flock of black birds walk about in confident security, with grateful memories of the daily crumbs which fall from our table.But look up, beyond the city, | the tufts of trees unvieited for the present, and its " extauordinary was the prettiest sight imaginable.maze of men, horses oxen, mules, wagons and car- stands Long's, Peak, distinct, rugged, and corru- within his own chamber, or sharing with others hishurried oil"to Damascus* Ba has succeeded in re- hoarsely and bewilderingly crying their wares. with snow. A dark, irregular, variegated wall, at Russell House being moderately thick, and several looked up, and cheered up, as long as his Highnessbeen sent to Syria to inves1 igate the cause of thedisturbances, spent but a few days in Beyrout, .then riages, in the midst of which four auctioneers are gated, its feet wreathed in pine, audits head crested drawing-room, it was all the same. The walls of the Mayor, for the gratification of the people below, whothemselves with mouths awry.In the course of ages the rebuke thus given by St.Christopher seems to have wrought a change in the character of the flounder, for a Greek legend, still cur- rent at Constantinople, ascribes the discordant color ofsentences to convey assurance of hie earnest convictionthat it was all as jolly a joke as ever befel any man.Mark Tapley with the ague could not have been amore interesting epectacle. I am inclined to believe, our Canadian visitors a new idea of what enthusiasmthe verge of the sensible horizon, sweeps grandly opaque partitions intervening beBide, it is generally be- remained. He then started at 2 o'clock for the townbetween them, and beyond, on either end, merges hoved that the satisfaction of the multitude was thatstoring something hke qtiet. That probably Liquor stores and saloons confront you at almostWas easy, for the Moslems had already accom every door. In that grocery window you observerich yellow pumpkins—a production to which ourplishe* their work, and! . the few thousand valleys are peculiarly adapted—a stalk of corn tenChristians who survived',have all come to feethigh,thoughcutlongbeforematurity,andanBeyrout, where, almost destitute of food and ample-display of new potatoes, beets, turnips, cucum-clothing, they are living a'miserable life in thegardens and the suburbs 6; * the city. They areentirely dependent upon chirity, and are being fedday by jlay by means of | funds trow contrib standers to whom I introduce you attempts to sell waiting to impale the dying sun. Gaze on it daily risk of his modesty. Gray-headed parties were not tour. The recollection of the announcement, long fish, filled with pious respect for the church, expressed'tentions, and the like, all under the ambiguous, but soon after, the thoroughfares were all lined and packed " Lord Renfrew "—everybody knowing, all the while,by the tide, we slowly drifted out of the cove, and-aboutUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069"Thesefish," he says, "are bold as buccaneers, of If the Prince were, not fettered by the forms which " much more confidence than caution, and so fond of aGov. Banks before one of the hotels. There were speacheB and songs, and no end of enthusiasm—and I think, without prejudice, it would have given some ofRichmond House was crowded by the Prince aud theof the exact and proper title which should be exe for dinner just as the infidels entered the city, andively chronicled were really no more to the world 4han our course to Drunken Ledge and fish for halibut. We whence the piivate train moved off at half past ten a fine young baron, he might go and come with nothing assented, and about noon anchored in the neighborhoodo'clock, amid a succession of as hearty cheers as any but the merest two-line paragraph to stop the way.of a formidable reef, over which the sea was foaming splendidly, while all around was calm and smooth. These rocks lie in the ocean, on the edge of Casco Bay, about five miles from the nearest islands. • ••,-Taking lines stouter and with larger hooks than those we used for cod-fishing, we baited with pieces of floun- der and tried our luck. In the course of half an hour we caught several skates, large Cod, haddocks, and one or two hake. But these were not what we came for, and the impatient Assyrian was already talking of. Boothbay and his everlasting lemons, when suddenly a tremendous jerk, followed by a rapid rushing of the line through his fingers, put a stop to his grumbling,, 'He had hooked a halibut at last."Let ber run!" shouted the Pilot. "Hold tight butdon't pull her hi 1 Let her play a while!" ** Go it, lem- ons!" added the Professor, as the Assyrian sprang from the bench of the cockpit where he had been lazily reclining, and with eager eyes, and teeth deeply set incar the platforms were crowded with agile young wo- a Prince of Wales, among us. This ia pushing delicacymen, who peered anxiously^ through each available window, while along the sides scores of enfants terri- bles clambered and clung, thrusting their arms (not toox clean) through the most convenient apertures, and bringing their importunate young faces into the closestto fanaticism. But somehow, these oblivious theories are practically disavowed by the very ones who moat strong- ly advance them. Their keen sense of royalty gets into their head, and knocks away all the cautious props and Btays with which they had fortified themselvea againstwall would take a short excursion into the surroundingnace, and the Skipper accordingly cut off a huge chunk near .the side fins, which, he said was the best part of' •••-••' •--"•at a church near the Silivria gate were frying fioand-Then, protesting that his exertions in the struggle" had made him faint, and that we ought to celebrate the victory by a drink all round, he sent the Skipper into tbe fore peak for a boUle of ale, which order he pre- sently countermanded for a bottle of claret, declaring that such an achievement demanded the nobUat liquor, and as the high eong of Odin the Old says:be vooked properly, and so he overhauled the reosipti^£T  