 • sassmf l mtaytostacoeathe prtvueges sJaBwed to thtojiMtij urf MI ssfittjtrtlj prodocttva of»y. Thei^imma**, twea * »e*»»• » tta mast favorable Ifejbt,torasrtto atto the ages of Igsomnoo, when more veraaptknown.,orattoastBOC. VCBMitlVAg FAOKAUT.In the records of Ssrwtab, England, we Sad toe fottow-togaceew-tofaCtototoaatttsssns,tsjdtfdate *1940 —^toba Hickman, a worthy cittosa, sasdedto-port with hto assjhhnrs aad frtoodt, and woo crownedKiagorcu-MMt H»redela***tethroughthecity, mayraihorhodtotttwntohsrtM —oofactivearoptraUtko4m^t^$^^mm^mm *****©fthebeitoof l b *uxh bei-mththamiandu they might ha hoard by gatoattvely.istofoaOhrist* S ? « ! r ^ T a W 5ootored shadows apoo the opposite wait CradatOy thechurch tiled up, until only the centre aisle was kept'.»«..Untitled Documentpersonshabitedmthetwelveseoaihs of theyear, vary teg to represieni^ the #1white garioeott trimmed with herrteg •%too»«b*oh, tho bor»» being decorated with trappings of oysterehctMwe.ia tot**tivo chat asdaees aad a tody tone eta.-'.totbe. Tf todtoati v*towhtohtholissabOaaBattisjattend(loroeatarfes (rumgeneration togeneration—andkillmgfat awW, to thoae deemed by the mtoiateris a practice oommoa ia t^WgJtafe" which oaaatott of tprtg.of ia flower being prwuatsil by poor women to their rich neighbors as a latest) of good will, aad for these it is customary to present the donors with a gratatty of to return. In tbe same county the day is called day," ahndiag, no doubt, to the offerings given poor to the rich, aad whtoh aaeieatly were Otltod Dale." In the Isle of Thanet there to a peculiarftsr tolltoc wfilagr^paapajtred aa Indian erooplag stealthily aJoia^ t'fewafmil moonlight Christmas ere,•bottid fO'loWrode through tha city,i » « grotejsjye dresses,In thto way they hyaumb«re ia va- dteaort aad merriment—^shouJtobe the ,he,dto- there -8 Of hadmere&tettlrMto'baa onehnlfwillmake it.tefil*to imdeto tho annuals tha; represented Ift/oariBf aad rav isg, alarming the cewaruly and appalling the stoutestnear**.,.Theare cafled, were the nevtgiy, sad were tho source ofan4besjdfts taugbter tl-ey appear to torn aoespe-LJI fjusaitoto with the erent celebrated althrtotmaa,b>A are probnbry of pagan origin; hat at this season antoticofIhtoday-amustealareoitatoa,naltort performedbyastudentofthecollege,who,," which name is probably derived froa»,t»0# aa of bobby horse. In Warwickshire |h» poor upon the farmers and beg wheat, whtohcwtajs^te "Going a Corning," and to the County of IliinjiilInbroken victuals the day after Christmas day.Every country in Europe baa its special peculiarities.were given thto ray of Christmas light to-day. .atovhave tbe fttorts of tbo uacbsre bean unblessed by G*l. During thelastyf-ai twenty -five or theSundayachool chiidrea had b«ometbechildre«ofGod,and coming betore the Bishop bad renewed the vows made for them la baptism. It oo.y remainedforhim,onbehalfofthechildren,tcthanktbe Btobon, tbe clergy and tha corporation of the churefa forJ ncj was worUiaeven per cent per annojn. ,quote, as before, can loans 6 1 1 per cent; class psper, 1 per ceat a month.Theforeigneachaagemarkettosteady.•re buying mercantile exchange at 103 t %, and selling their own bflis at lwt^ a 10$.range from 6.87Vs t 46. 'There was very little done on the Stock10-day,partlyInconteqneace of the approachpfthe Loiiuajs, aad parUy from the shock given toconfidence by the robbery at Washington. TherJ»Jengaged lu martialchatted the people and sorely affTiktctoldren, others wearing •Ma eases aad counterfeiting mmra dreaasd at dertfelooted the women andcould be aeon, all would be glad that they 1 with difficulty at ong per cent a monthCromwell, have, in uiflerent districts, found a place in th-» play.Dutch; theft were intermixed with chiaa images and Among the Christmas customs that are gtlil te vogue in miserable daubs oa paper. Ia the centre a real fountain,Choir.—With shepherds on Judea's plains, With angels in then- nobler strains ; Lot our hosannas Joyful riseTo join the anthems of tbe skies ioae could tell where so much cash stock was coming from. It was conjectured by some.t.ryat••i• 1 "wnUrtr-a* tot*w->a«a«'•ntlo to Ihewet concealed, with wastat chancelremindBrandrwii*-i atawcoatiau^ i- htfra. *h^l te«1 1CTEIOCS CUSTOMS.articles that can he bought for (10, $20 and $50. There to this advantage, however, attending purchatjp made this season. Tbe prices of mauy articles of jewelry aad bijouterie have been much reduced, so that for $16 aad |25 one can bow buy articles that in ordinary times would be held at $25 and $35.In pictures, picture frames and looking glasses, thetrade seem to have suffered greatly from the existing po-litical troubles. At eight of the principal places in thecity where large and elegant mirrors and frames for pic-That Coansaonwealth fire Imwjrance Company a that the bears had discovered seme nest af stock, >emi-emrunl dividend, payable on the Id fast.; thevarious countries we will flrst mention those of England;and Ik to part of that kingdom are the festivities ofChristmas more observed than in Yorkshire. There, ifanywhere, wo tod a shadow of the ancient splendor andmore thaa a shadow of tbe a « a » t hospitality. The good derstood ht New York, ami in numerous instances obg e y r U i f a * Christmas to of ao stinted quantity. served. However, we may givo in this connection a de- 1E 9, generally oompoeed of a goose or two, tcription by Coleridge of a Christmas celebration atPeople's Bank, a semi-annual dividend of 3%per ceat, payable on the 2d of January; tbe Neptune Insurance Company, a semi-annual dividend ot V/% per cent, payable on the Id of January.tfow>, t c , it a standing dish; and yule • are in general request, both there and inBatxburg, to tho North of Germany, as it somewhat dif- fers from the manner of observing the same here. HeHosanna to the Prince of Peace ;Hosanna ta the highest! (The chimes.),ment, we subjoin the principal sales of State stocks for cash at tha tookere' Board during the ten days preceding the election of Lincoln: —thereto, under whtohfigure, because they are anxious to torn their gondii into money,oawhtoh the* can make much more than bySantaCtousmusthavehadahardnight'sworkofIt, traveilingoversomanyhauaatopt sad gotltaf, downat ma- stolen was numbered; tad there must be uychimneysandupagain;andbisroiadeer maywellbeY orkshire a somewhat simitar custom f p h - the day to, to these counties, called 'Mumping day." In Bedfordshire the poor are supplied w.th thehowever, very courageously, and with a happy presence ofmrod, is said te have "rammed in the volume," and cried Greevm en, fairly choking tbe savage with thesou can welcome them by staging tbe hymn, ^houtth*gladtldteKs,exu.tiugSlng;Jerusalem triumphs, Messiah u JtinglAfter the hymn had been sung by a quintette of child- ren , all the schools uniting te the chorus, the Rev. Dr.Vinton cald:—"God to love;''so says tho Kvuugeii»t bt., John te the chapter read la this evening's htosen, and this is what Christmas declares. In this God's love isto miniature, squirted forth water, to the ineffable delight of crowds of prostrate worshippers.''Chorug.—Hosanna, everlasting lather. (OrgaaiHosanna, everlasting Father; Hosanna te the highest 1and were borrowing to break down Urn market.Bnt the immense quantity of stock sold from dayto day waa difficult to reconcile with this-theory,tad people at last came to the conclusion that thepublic must be selling. This inference had muchto do with the stock paaic. As aU facts bearingupon the matter must be of service to the govern- compares with the previous one aad that of thel b s German popular customs of Santa Ctaus, the Christ- mas stocking aad the Christmas tree, are pretty well un-<The chimes.)NEW TOEK HERALD, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 25 1860. '"""war "•fwsary te-isy was Mkinds of mirth appear to hare been toloratod. It totijo that tbe wigs of these mummers had little wtodom Our space forbids us to notice ail of them; taMhe follow- geese, chickens, game, tongues, he., and It to so spiced manifest that he gave his son to be ourSaviour. We lovemg beara ao strong a resemblance totbaJjBjejrirf Misruletn thtfn,Bnd<xa.<.ouiy boast a very questionable kind©Twit; still they euraof kasaense use, aad their ammo- oi ancient times that we cannot avoid mentioning it:—that Hwill keep for several weeks. It is, during theChrist-God, says the Apostle, "because Be first loved us." Christmas ttus us that God laves the world. Who was born on <*rs*mt# day, ohildren? (Childrea-Chritt.)mas season. placed on a side table, ready to suffer the at-rlee are * w r n i | of high reapect. They erineed a Joy- "At 8eiona,in Itobnatto, they elect a king at Christmas, tacks of all comers. A mammoth specimen is thus de- Yes, God in Christ was born man. But did God come-'ihompfcoa'a and Mr. Cobb's names were mentio:in the .«ame connection ia severe term*. This talkLad the effect of eanslng a decline in State aad thespeculative railway blocks. After a dull day themarket clogecf weak, the following being the aax>-d^tsemad. must quotainquiry for ttose ttttto on the Xortbern cities but withoutvei y mective at a further decline, tbe marks* dosing flatous and grateful rj.tr it, ttiey recognised the common two-li.c.!.cod ©1 a.*n, and for once caste was forgottenaadetas* distinctions vaanshtd, and the rich and tbe poor oc-cupied a common level. Tbegoode«ecteof theeelebratiouof Christum are powerfully displayed in the following oarretire which we tod in "Turners Htoioryof »>gland">-•IKsi-tog the BKge oi tirtoana ia 1428, the ooteaaittoa aadwhose reign lasts only a fagtnlght;but,notwlthstand- jjg tbe abort duration of bis Minority, he enjoya several prerogatives of sovereignty; such, for example, as keep mg tbe key» of tbe town, of having a distinguished place ui the cathedral, and of deciding upon ail thu dimculties or disputes which arise among those who compose his court Ibc town if obliged to provide him with a house suitable to the dtojajty of his elevated (situation. Whenscribed in an English newspaper of 1770:—"Mondaytast was brought frtm Howick to Berwick, to be shipped tor Lon- don, for Sir Henrj Grey, Bart., a pie, the contents whereof are as follows, vis:—two bushels of flour, twenty poundslike a hero, a warrior, or like a man of mature yoarsc Mo; be was born of woman, as we w 're. He came a s . a child, bo Christmas tells us that God is love, booaueo Christ then came to manifest hto love focus, to him was born the second Adam, the new heal of our raoo. He encompasses tn hto love ail men. None are to low thatlaticn^—United Btaiea 5's 1871, *4 a 97; Virginia at V l T p e r cent discount at bsutk.jHTTK a 1a perG'P, 78 a 79; Tennt.^ees, 75 a 77; Missouri 6% 67% cent discount in tbe outsits market. Ibis will renew the . intux of specie, which had become partially suspended.festivlitoauf C«iimm«|«fOaBbort interral of repose.Tbw IbgUsli tofca rcquoated of tbe French commanders he leaves Lis house The is always compelled to wear a some who bad committed tbe worst of cr im.-s. This was that they might have a night of minstrelsy with trumpet* crown of wheat tars, and he cannot appear ia public made by Mrs. Dorothy Patterson, housekeeper at so in order that all classes and conditions might be en-Dec 1». Das. t . Digtrmc*t l l ^ e v . t o l 11,013 J80 £:*»£18^»,0«i 11.86:^06t,434.91t s.ssaats Dec, 41«,ltowithout a robe tdwfcurpie or scarlet cloth, and su: Howick. It was nine feet in circumference at bottom, compassed te the sweep of bis mercy, fet. John tells us clarions; thto was*granted, aad tbe horrors of war weighs about twelve stones, will take two men to present that because Christ loves us we ought to t by melodies that wore felt to be delight rounded by a greatmucher of olBeers. Tho Governor, lore one another. That is why Christina* to so the bishops aad other dignitaries are obliged it to table; it la ueatly titled with a case, andfoar small glad a day. Oa that day tho angels sang "Peace on19^78,«7» 6,74a,eauDee. •at.Mff Dan. 81.MI t t . i s efoi."'TIM FITE BBS AWsB.Axmeatty a oareaaaay oaUed tho "*oto dos Anes ' wasoetebsaladmsatao partauf tho Continent of Europe, ofto give him a feastflfaad all who meet him must salute wheels to facilitate. -U use to every guest that iaflinestohim with respect. F l en tbe fortnight is at an end, the partake of its contents at table." king quits hiafaMJtF, strips off hi* crown and returns tohis hovel. HP*"1 length of time this pantomimic*! kingearth and good will to men.'' You and I. and the child- ren of Africa, arc alike brothers,and when we are regene- rated and admitted to Christ's brotherhood by baptism we are nearer brothers and heirs of Heaven. Just what baptism tells to the church, Christmas Day tells all theteed, U1), a 32; Panama, 117 a 11T; Illinois Cen- 1 ^rant balances. TOO , 1 » Longtoant. 2,8t»4«6which no traoa at gwsxmt tsmaias The/eto to thnsdo- was ehaaatwroui am >ng»t the nobles; at present his etec- •:—"It was institutadour Suv tour and bis virgin mother, but wfta tic^fcrnrdevolved upon the lowest of the people."CHRiaTMAS IN NEW YORK.As might be expected from the present troubled aspect world. Thto is why we like to be children ag un to-daytral, Hl% a 60; Gtiena and Chicago, U% a Y^ The principal vartoV for the weak areCle\ eland and Toledo, lb*>i a %; Chicago aad Bock of $844,3510. speck,crease of g n t j S t t to totf ainrTTabortIsland, 60 a %-, Chicago, burimgton and Qoincy, ofreslstton. 'lbepeliey stintures are made and sold, we learned that the business to"*" the neighboring county of Lincolnshire. The yule log, says:—'There to a Christmas custom hero whtoh pleased nearly at a stand still; that usually at this time of year At the conclusion of the singing the Rev. Or. McVioicerSpecie.. Deposits... Circutottoa..t,m,' tAtSBTT nt of tUi tg r i s t s JTtor Christmas brand, and tho Christmas candle, are still and interested me. The children make little preeenta to they are busy and have plenty of orders for work ahead;read prayers, and Bishop Potter pronounced the baaedic- tion. Tbe children then proceeded in classes to tbe Christmas tree, which stood in the porch, brilliant with t to be the custom for the bakers to present children. For three or funr months before Christmas the greatly fallen off within four weeks past; and that many flags and illuminated lanterns, and surrounded by heaps-atd the dish of farmory smokes upon the board, their parents; aad to each other, and the parents to theirAsps,Oct. | t . . ...tattoo.xfcsfivsnsftu rfeptoaaa, goto 10,000 28,000 10,000 28,000 4.000 41,000 18,000 15yU00 18,000 1&B0O 6.000 23,000 7,000 5,000 16,0006X000of their customers with a small pre- girto are ail busy, and the beys save, up their pocket uf wheat on Cbrtotmat Eve, aad for the money to buy these presents. .What the present to to he te present them with a candle. It is to be is cauUoubly kept secret, and the girls have a world ofthatthesegiftsareinmanyplacesBOWabao- contrivancestoconcealib-aucuatworkingwhen theylarge orders, given say two weeks ago, have been coun- termanded within the tost four or ii ve days.of candies, dolls, skates and toys, aad as each face lighted op with Joy as the gifts were distributed. as tf catching the glow from the Christmas tree, the crowded oongrega8,000 40.000 3,000districu the woricman de clear. Bishop Potter, Dr. McVicker, Pre. Vinton an i Weekend'* Lomrn. %>**. CVmde/'e. jMMWwWtJsT Is performed wKhtha graahtotso- Ogilby, Rev. Mewis. SNrrington aad Dix, aad ether pro Lee. 17...$131,W0,17* l t ^ M J N t «ar*,7tS* . — . <•sjfjS «•»•***•*•••inahammewhicheoautoatbe Tsluable iode to^oadwhtoh to stmaniatojraUymteentmembersofthoebwgy.appeared,andtheservices began—Mr. Chase presiding at the Meloieou, Mr. Caller at thegrandorganaadMr.Attn*attbechimes.ThaRev.Mr. fiarrington read the evening prayers, the Bev. Dr. OglibyIee.24. . 1!«1M3» ».»MW Increase t412,127 ljm<mLpMMWttt **" —m This increase of specie ia»^4,m—8e,$7«J7« 2,6*2,4*4The Chicago Frass af Mundav 17,aayt:—factofthetradegenerally,iiimtlts as attojhtod«g>withto that day to ealiad staging la Christmas.'' Thto day ^ ^ S ^ ^ ^ e m n m m J o a between tho hrtlef the lemons, tbe Rev. Mr. Dix tho creed aad concluding ,—consideredasthebeginningaad in some places a merry ettfof balls from the churchl•a ^s7haSslBwia«W<w#i>.^W^ytlbyitomfto ttop away from the btawtoaadrear of j has beta rtceired haw. Tht iwjreaatBroaiwaytothepeaceful,quieteveningservice.' email;that ofdepositsitlarge. TStmZtHuu,mmto&*&!&**&*, 4$**- TheRaw.Dr.Ofimy mud that, for tho kitormattoa of j as a whole, Ja twajrg, tod indicates attehSsgsie Indian a* to the cause of hia condttct, the other repMed, "We watch to tee rhodeer kneelc ^ j , , , , , n i j r b t . M d »« the AVer fall uponthe Great Spirit and took up."CaWSTaUS FARE IN THt OLDBS TT Who «thlr* that hat sot heard of tho f;head which in former t'mes was an invariable Christmas table? We bare, ia several old fereawdliHplronor paid to this dish, aadformed that it was adorned with evergreens and10 the table with music and dancing. This custom is still observed m Queen's College, Oxford, aad tradttkmrepre aents this usage as a commemoration of aa a ^ c f t a t o r ,tho»ofrteiid»w1»ta1»antoterestln the Snndayschool, | whichhe wouW say that dttria#;the bss.year ifimr hundred j war should ttoeet ess, oar hanks are in no dangerwiUbevaryantto•re obliged to remitg J ^ M l n g t a t a s•sacs ass Bow ir>-i tosherr tochfc,-(retb»ni*.^ " miagnttnm, but ,i ntt totbx houses that«**,»• t«; tag-teg in the neighboring forest of t-hotorer andAristotle, was suddenly attacked b y a wad boar The SetrOhvistmas gifts; the tencberato* their ihrthfnl .ser-vices, apd their kind friends for their presence, J i o w , furious boast came, open mouthed, upon the youth, who, then, said the reverend doctor, thoar.yoor friends bowAt we have stated, In seme parts of England theChrist- mas pie is "an institution." It to generally comstted ofbeats had many stories ahoat njemberaof the OB- at nar and \i nor coat rrtmlm^gnaturre" wVre^fh^ne^ar/'per centpTem^wn'^d' >S _* -braet being implicated te the affair; Mr.Floyd's other descriptions could be had at Vt and M. in bias ' en resignation was positively aaaottneed, and Mr. with :ocumentary evidence there were tajes at to a at, W<of butter, four gee?e, two turkeys, two rabbits, four wild they cannot call bun brother; w~o so high tnat theyducks, two woodcocks, six snipes and four partridges;two ncats'l tongues, two curlews, seven blackbirds andsix pigeons. It is supposed a very great curiosity was among Christ's ancestors wete men of all nations, anda 08; Canton, ii; Cnnibermid Coal preferred, 8 a%\ Faciflc Mail, 82 a W; &cw York Central, UrAa %; lirie, 34 a %; Hadsoa Biver, *'2*i a 43; Har- i*ecielem, 14 a %; do. preferred, 94 a 35; Reading, 35 a Depotsto. Circulation. yt; Mkliigan t-entral, 48J^ * Y* Michigan Sonth- .--hort loanscrn and Northern Indiana, iS^ a 14; do guaran- Kxcbangtof political affairs, in no department of business has there Ibis is why this great assembly comes together every Christmas Eve to join te your songs. As we are butb2 t >«.The topic of the day is the great robbery of themast certainly begratifyiag toere, white it cannot fall to ronder tbe iastitutiooa then selves perfectly independent of all political or other changes tnat are likely to occur. » a iwrnrttaable however, if Mao reatrtativa movemeat to not betag can-id t'X> far, ond whether self-interest, as web as good faith to the community, does hot can for aa immediate aad csnsfderabto moeHaeatien of- the prattat rigid andop presstve line of action.been that extent of preparation for the Christmas holi- "children of a larger growth," aad aa "the child is father w~Mb event Scripture Is by no means There is a custom practised in Sweden of hanging up in days that is usual at this season. True, the retail trade of the man,'so we delight to come here and forget our the light lata Bgypt was tha one front of every-house, at Christinas, a small rheaf of wheat of the metropolis has scarcely suffered, when compared cares; to forget the cloud at the South, once no burgerfor the winter provision of the bird -, who would witheut with the groat prostration which has befallen many than a man's band, but now frowning over the whole hea-Indisa Trust Fund bonds in the Interior Depart-ment at Washington. Very little is known in Wallstreet beyond what was stated in the HERALDthis morning; bnt the street ia fall of rumors.The idea seems to prevail that the clerk Bailey to The New Oriesns Pieaywie of Taesday eveniag not the teal priacipal iatheanair, tad that hiaBeaatais, who, from this supply perish with coM and hunger amid the ineje- vens; to forgot Urn lightning tuUenly flashing at the branches of wholesale business. But still, people nave North, and leaving all these things with the God whoclergyThey sstoetail a fair young mas eefebrationo of that country, LoogfoUow tails us that as te formes years, or if they bava. they think it moredoubt actuated by menctos of a Northern winter. In reference to tho Chrfct. not got to much money to spend en Christmas presents "doethaU things well,'' to come bore with tbe children and thank God that Christmas oomes at tatstuttee a year.Ibis is why Chrtotmas is a feats day; why there should be no tears now; and why we should love «Jod and our fray red wita superb awmdnga (waehjfl* this is a girto throw straws at9 tbe timbered roof of the ball, importance. Tbe retell dealers seem to have a realising brethren So we become reconciled each to the other; so beiiere aa sos was toeaadBtoJHK>!r)yed). and for every one that sticks ia the crack shall a sense of this fact, and to hare made their preparations all anger departs; and so, giving to those who are poorer than we, all delight to see the poor come here to-morrowaccordingly. morning to receive their Christmas turkeys aud dinnerThe well known stores of A. T. Stewart, I/>rd A Taylor, by our alms. There are year bishop; your venerablesajsjiito being used to.screen more conspicuousv i Minima thai Hi 1 wetter will be I b e market thto morning manifested s eoattouaace ofthe same improved tone that has bean apparent tor asaw ihoroogMy sifted at Washington, aad that the days past. Cotton was in active demand, with large sale), throoghthe ssrests aaounted on a pai- "the Swedish peasants dance on straw, and tab peasantprudent to husband to for expenditures of mere realand bearing an infant in her arms; the f * f l ^ H [ o w i D t groomsman come to their wedding. Merry Christ-at rufl prices, the footing is one of marked vaatSam to day WiBiasi H. Russell, of the firm of Russell & the future. T&U extensivetaJ the aoBJasiatttoS wtttoj ^ s , tilltrne cbenders will be detected and punished. To-mas, indeed t For pious souls there shall be church 1 Mtb- 1 0 1songs and sermons, but for Swedish peasants, brandy *"yrtHSllffltll W***P*"Arnold A Constable, Lambert, beck man, bulpin, Albertfriend, Dr. McVicker, owe of tbe old presbyters; the younger clergy and the chorister hoys, and here are tn children; now let us all sing together the Trinity Chrtot-Co., army contractors, of St. Louis, was arrestedcheerfulness inSnancal quarters the transactions te tbe onbscant in tbe extreme, to te•a w a s a a w B H j | | pHrwtttiand nut brown ale te wooden bowls, and tbe great ybloWise, W. B. Roberts, and many others oa Broadway,at the coDeraPon of which the cake, crowned with a cheese and garlanded with apples, Canal street and the Bowery, are filled to repletion with mas carol, while the organ and the chimes join with uson charge* growing out of the robbery, aad tentso Washington. It is evident that several per- te the same dveetion moat shortly no followed by a parthe braying of aa ass, exclaiming and upholding a three-armed candlestick over the Christ-desirable goods for the holidays, and have been crowdedTbe congregation then sang, with fine effect, the follow m r . -Ua! return to customary negotiations. All are delighted sons most have been concerned in the and surprised at tbe quiet manner in which they restive tbeaccountoofoartroublesontbeothertide. Itamiga robbery. There it a good deal of apeee- exchange was again auabr this morning. There was not lation in the street as to the amount much sterling offering, and clear bills went off ready atstolen; judging from the free supply of til 100 a 100*, with tome little at 101. We quote the gen*ral ran from » # a 10tK- There were several tracsaemas feast. They may tell tales, too, of Jons Lunsbrack-it oaited a splendor which excited er and Lunkenfus, aad tlie great Riddar Flhke of Pigs ral thing goods are sold at greatly reduced prices. SomertheuouulMe,mkmat, Bxtravag.mtof tho people with a humility which daga."I pasty." An instance of the celebration of Tbe Christmas ceremonies ef the Greeks are thus de- 1 occurred at Btauvais, in 1223. scribed te "Swan's Journal of a Voyage to the Mediter- aaaQtrs OF ST. OBOMflg. ranean:''—"Their churches are adorned Inthe gayest • past tmos which, if not peculiar to thU manner. I entered one, in which a sort of rareo showwithcustomersforseveralweekspast;butat#gene-caaisTMAtSONO.n o caanata is rex n a n s .Words by Rev. Dr. Ogilby, Music by Mr. Cutler.! to make their appearance at it. The play bad been set up, illumed with a multitude of candles. i, aad still is, in sot 19 parts of Eag- The subject ef U was tbe birth of Christ, who wasrepre- iwith thejuvenilesatChristr,x seated hi tbe background by a little waxen figure, wrapped up in embroidery, and reclining upon aa em- ithat it was performed soon after broidered cushion, which rested upon another of pink religious wars. Both the per- satin; thto was supposed to be tbe manger where he wasformance of this oaf drama, aad that of the "Mummers,' born. Behind th* image two paper bulls' heads lookedunutterable things. On tbe right was tbe Virgin Maty,bouse to house for (be purpose, "dt. George'' tos'Jtl play and on the left one of tbe Eastern magi. Pa their trade compared with thto time ia previoas years. Choir.stated by onr correspondent—three millions ofthis represcnution took its risethere has been no reduction of hands. The near approach of the holidays, too, and the fine weather of the mat part of thto week, seemto have stimulated the trade tj> some extent.Of virgin mother, meek and mild;to manger cradle see Htm laid,By whom the earth and heavens were made.Chorus.—Hosanna to the Wonderful'. Hosannai to the Wonderful!sales on the Stock Exchange, it appears that theheaviest tales of State stocks took place duringthetendayt previous to the election. At thatperiod there was a very large short interest,* Inch was predicated on the probability of pcti-rieaf trouble resulting from the election of Lin-coln. Into interest became exceedingly profita-ble through a collapse in the market, which wasmainly superinduced by heavy offerings ofwifelai«esafesofAlat tx 1?< discount.were mode by basis of young men, who went fromThe targe Je wallers repoi t a consider able Sailing o f inHosanna in the highest!to the Incarnate Word,to Bethlehem born ! The mighty God !Oar hearts and tongues withJoy should raise Their glad hosannas to His praise IThemoneymarkettograduallybecoming said abont IIWWWIIMr Unot offered, for tbi toetono market for it.i ably narrows the offerings oa thatquestioned tolls remaining, a very _.to done at bank, to that tbe street has • inow asset more passive than it bnt been, though we can qaoteveryed in the western and northern ceuntiea of England, anda etratoa of it is known ia Ireland. Great variations of it,however, exist, and passages are introduced to tbe mostper clouds, in which the paper heads of number less cherubs appeared, enveloped the whole; while from a pasteboard cottage stalked a wooden monk, with dogs and sheep, and camels, goats, lions and lambs; borenconstotent meaner, and Napoleon, the Duke of Welling-ton, Alexander tbe Wreat, General Wolfe, and Oliver walked a maiden upbn a stratum of sods aad dried earth,(The chimes.)State stocks for cash. These offerings cre-ated the greatest surprise at the time. No little ctou ge te rates. Ptw sbrtv day bttto are ptaced bePeople do nut buy near so freely as usual. They have avery large and splendid stock of goods saitable Iter holi-day presents, but sUU have not made that display forthe holidays whtoh they would have done in ordinarytimes. During the tost week or two tho difference hasbeen most marked. People who usually buy articles The construction of these august figures was chiefly worth t o t and $100, this ymi content themselves withChorus.—Hosanna to the mighty God. (Oman.)Hosanna to tho mighty Ood ; Hosanna in the highest:and there a shepherd, Hourtehing aloft hto pastoral staff-tow 1j*perceatamonth.The following dividends have been declared : -of the retailers say they hare never done bettor thanduring the present season, and none ef them oomplain of Choir.—Hosanna to King David's Son, Descended from the heavenly throne;In Christmas songs we halt His birth,Who brought salvation to the earth. Chorus.—Hosanna to King David's Son)report a great falling off in the retail trade, smotiallnito at toast thirty three per cent Many of the maimershave been obliged to discharge a portion of their girto,butthishasnotbeenuniversal, lasome establishments Choir.—Hosannatothenewbornchild,kinds of State and United States stocksof late, it aeenw quite possible that the range extending from M a Vl%. Francs were atoe bet-any great fallmg off in the trade.The principal dealers in millinery, artificial flowers,he-,tione in bills of lading drafts on apteners at 07 a #L to*but that now their orders, even for city supply, haveMtttouri*.The photographic, ambrotype and daguerreotype ar- lion caught toe infection sod exchanged Christmas greettistsalsofeeltheeffectsofthefinancialpressuretosome tegs; andeventhereporters—the onlypersonswho made a business of this pleasure—were made happy byNov. 1*.•-6£» 2.. .. 8,000 a.. .. 7,000i .1 was very often the only time of the year that art oat oa visits, and the others are sot with thorn; gat-tingupin the morning beforo daylight, he. Then, oa the extent, though not so largely. The business of some of packages of candies kindly donated by the ladies, and•to" ito*. a WO enabled to enjoy the luxury of a good tbe galleries on Broadway baa fallen off from a quarter to t a w f * •. evening before Christmas day, one of the parlors isfelt as chlMisbly merry as they looked.PREPABATIONS FOB CHRISTMAS IN BROOK- L Y N .6..Total•Bptmw1200,000iriillhimiil In Yorkshire tbe performances of02,000lighted up by the childrenHato which the parents must a half of their usual number of pictures taken. Other galleries, however, have not suffered near so much*. Brady223,000 83,000We have not included in the above table the pri- specie, $4,000, aad aterease ia loans, ti,iaofooo.•sasaaVi/atos Ihsttoj of" A Oeorge," so atooaeurioua not go. A groat ysw bough to fastened oa the table at a still keeps on the even tenor ef hto way, hto rooms beingoeromoaytatteo tbe "OM Horse." This latter is at the little distance from the wall, a multitude of little tapers as crowded as ever.vate sties of the State stocks we have mentioned, Compared with tite same month last year, there tor in the county of Kent, ahero it are flxadm the bough, but not so as to burn it till ttieyFulton street and the other principal thoroughfares ofBrooklyn presented quite an animated appearance tostevening, from the dense throngs who were making theiraccustomed Christmas purchases. The butchers, poul of which that fond held $251,330. Both have bean terers, grocers, confectioners, liquor and toy setters, inThe importations tf foreign crockery were very large during the last year, and the tales comparatively small. The importers and dealers, therefore, have found them- selves, Mnce the beginning of the present troubles, withparticular, wore extensively patronised, aad many of lofa horse's head, amx It to a far each other. Tboa the parents are introduced, aad a large stock on hand and ao purchasers. In thto dilemma these places of popular resort, on the eve of the highestor the public sales of Kentackys, of which tite TrustFundheld$183,000,orof UnitedStatesstock,sM"gg|js»t gflftfatotiosi of over $3,000^00, tad Tie Cleveltad. Columbus and Cincinnati Bailare nearly consumed, tad ootored paper, he., hangs aad cF wooden horse. TbJgoeremony flutters from the twigs. Under thto bough the childrenjg* from the priacipal oharaotor, of tho youthful portion oflay out in great order the presents they mean for their sajhboys, having bmaufac- parents, still concealing to their pockets what they tatepdfreely supplied for cash within the past sixty dsys.It is known that the cash sales of these various per cent, payable oa tha 1st of Febnury next. stocks have been so largely in excess of the de- The gross eexsoaga of the •ssBssMp for tha year mandforthemthatUnitedStatesstock?havede- 1800(estimatingDecember)willamountto.,.tAj0tt,7»ea inchtdinc intereat /^aiaa^m* erpeosi) *•TTT:;"-.1.??'..*- ttyt>.""irbur fe-t hi length; a string to then attached to dothpart of the head, Tbfaadloosenrag the f ing, OF ppingeach presents hto little gift. They then brin- oat tbe re-festival ia the Chrtotmss calendar, were tiled to over-aregenerally remunerate I a torgease of moa >y orlOdoW ia sneces: i<*, band bolb. In t:ut j he-is*, singing euro!<they have adopted the only expedient in their power.mainder ese by one from their pockets, aad Thislatotakeoffalltheirprofit,andtoselltheirgoods flowingtillalatehour. Allalongthosidewalksheadsofat a price that will merely cover the cost of importation.The trade in furs, buffalo robes, blankets, ftc., usually hurrying along with huge Joints of meat, turkeys, ducksclinedabout15,aadStatestocksaboutSOperceatwithin the past two months. It ia understood thatthe attention of the government was directed to Setearntogsfortheyearr.....'.' the subject of tho robbery by the appearance inthe street, last week, of a large number of newMissouri bonds. These new booda—some 460,000—were sold at the Broker's Board by Messrs. Jandan;theyrepresent their principal tobeaman abovesuspicion, tad assert that he came by them in tbeordinary course ef business. It ia satisfac-tory to know Ant, etentually, the govern-ment will not safler, and tbat the thieveswill not escape detection. Each of the boodapresent them with kisaeo and embraces, i• • '-Oa the nest day, Christmas day, ia the greatparlor, the pareats lay out oa the table the presents brisk before Chrtotmas, hat not been BO this season. and other poultry, together with the necessary adjuncts, for the chiidrea. A scene of more sober joy succeed*-, Many people, instead of buying new furs Ar their wlffj, for the accustomed feast, under the family roof-tree. as on this day, after aa old custom, tho mother bays robes i t s their sleighs and blankets for their horses, hare Nor were the Juveniles forgotten, to judge by tho myste privately to each of her daughters, and the father to hto contrived to make their old ones hat one more winter. rises brown paper parcels which could be discerned, tar-that whtoh they have observed most praiseworthy We learn from the principal dealers to tbe city that the ried in loving bands, and whtoh assuredly contained •md that whtoh was most faulty te their conduct. For- sales of furs and buflalo-robes have fallen o f f/ett thirty- candy in all its varieties, or the toys most popular at thisthree to fifty per cent during the tost ire weeks, com- season of tbe year,andwhtoham tobehadso abundantly - pared with the corresponding live weeks of former years. and so cheaply, livery face bore a soiding countenance,merly, aad still in air Hit- smaller towns and Villagesthroughout North Germany, these presents were tent byail the parents to some one fellow who, in high buskins.a white robe, a mask, and an enormous flax wig, per suffer lor want of one. There to one fast In regard to part of the givers and of the roceivort of the accus-.. > «fl If! 'to be found ia Yorkshire,of a wooden ram's senates Enechl Rupert—that to, tho servant Rupert. OnBtoakem setl bettor, for no humane man will let hia horse to anticipation of toe pleasures of to-morrow, both on thoChristmas night be goat round to everv house, tad saysfun, however, whtoh people will do well to remember. gifts. To judge by tho preparations that were , The dealers in furs are soiling now at the lowest possible being made, and tbe expectations raited, good old littleoa ah Court, U c-.>n that Jesus Christ, hto master, seat him thither. Theparentsaadelderchildren receive himwith great pompin tho terfurmer b it- 'sa^Nwvweeeey while tbe little oast are most terri- keeping thoir stocks; and next year, on account of the permitted to rest for the next twelve months. Sooth toin the Department of the Interior some record of the Bntsttsx^. :Jt»e governmentwill tads be able to follow and reclaim tbe bonds wherever they are. The rule of tow in such cases is clear -ear tat emptor.Wewfiitot ha ijBmpaatoBOSiaj to thto perlbrmaaee.toblyfrightenst..Hetheninquiresforthechildren, and according to the character whtoh he bears from the parents he gives them the Intended preeenta, at if they came out of heaven from Jesus Christ. Or, ifrise ia Durst in Eurupe, they will be much higher heresayt Ifthebenavttaal tatojhasaoriunplsihail oneWhoof whatwtsexpectedefhimtotooogiyaatone,hewinhave performedamorestuf 'tedtohimduringhisto a euaaom pf doscriOed: - I n***^**TM'to*"^P**'''-||\fi JHSS'jt|j!iJ' QItoasia troxosBJoa, vtoitUM they shouir» have been bad children, he given the parent* ? • **»»tWft"*1**,*¥ '•TO** Wholesale daalersln them will be broken intola each motutd tot-mt the rest; thto hare in sprinkle oiator sgiltat it,u* ing year. In otueroaiy ajiwnhlo oa- tha1 to cMer h u g them the tree with too, taey), aad return to rtteg wtihexpito abas *,. ia Ui<ridapthJTO are of th» fole,reo|fti[ Sji3»»mofgr.l;u.a rod, aad, » t h e namoof his master, recwuaMMda ibem to net H frequently. When shout attea or eight yearstoys that their salea to the retail dealers hav* nearlytrnotquiteaslargeastoformer yearsJ&mto* toil dealers lathe city generally say that they are selling UtlB yuwr OOra\p^T VOjS, AIQ UQ€B T^WtT £lMtflBV*9 OIKStVfWIwV WtrtsV awttlto lAAqpsib Ua 1ciptonta, inefitotals*secret,and it BOwntthfutrythsyltmaVifc^ -•toearioua, .•.!«. •CHBI8TKAS. trvaatTmoMB.There are some curiou- superstitions in tome parts of England in reference to this season. A not ion prevaitoia Devonshire thu at twelve /ctock at night, on Christmas eve, tho oxen to their stalls are always found on theiria IA ttUlndo > of derottoo, andIt, etui more stagutor-smce the alteration mwto; thsg toaataoa to do thto onto- on m oea^.qmrBaBma tjty* n K otjo naueved%tatotd thtta at tatostoaharr hliwtomnantho"-^to " ^ ^ busy seaaoa.aad The dealers te fruits thatcustomers already ithing unusual was gotog oa.1 -vDsc.a*.- derof John]jt^'j-esswt^wWBtu^ttwww r•»«i »f «w «P•••^^^ •.... •^JIStP^aiTaTTr^^^'* ^^^^*. > ! ^ * ' •*^^>*_'• IBJMBSHBJ |||j IIMUSHtwstottway eh'f%T^t«iswl|«Bmraa«^^^»»^w- • ~ '•eresh of Broadwa"y ymtaCaf ,toM that Christmas was at hand, anydesatesrsedmayblaerd- the children of tha Trtnlty Sunday schools to receive^ T y i ^ ^ssT«s»*In toys and fancy gonda there to considerable activity, and ample preparations have been made for the holidays.safe wager to toy, thatthan usualThe dealers in wines and brandies report a almost without executionn**,*«*•*>,however,W ifl« irtVtW IS ZJM aw gatOfl M IB tOflDCr yOtssTS 4**. UhJaw Mfmmmm!*.theirgins. Every Christmas eve^WS •toflfl^'ifWft!, >bt.for each; tbe coildren sing, and an address isto them by oneof the church.the church was i tMut the pillars andThe vast edince' lu^btnmTop^^rime'!.t t»attttsfj "»*!aiHft'CHBISTcannot be claimed In the same relation. Aad whan you read the genealogy of Christ—anri I k:;r-w culldren don't like to read that part of tbe Scriptui e—> on will find tbat(Organ.) Hosanna to King David's Son!tmccbt abstracted may prove as large as wasHosanna te the highest! (The chimes.)Choir.—let every nation, every voice,to merry Christmas songs rejoice; Old men and babes in Son sing, That Christ is born to be her king !Chorus.—Hosanna to the Prince of Peace tThe Boston bank statement of the present week corresponding week of last year aa follows:—families,and the Juniormembersthereof,mightheBeenIt would, however, be a aavw aj**af KiAWst W altUU SBv tta ff toys, toree-tourth of e night by theJuvenile re-what to inside making thevtowv/suggesting i_offvaryorderlj-,andsaveUwaotoe^J M ^^*mm*^my ^"MWIUSWVSW was nothing but the a .m tmto that COUld indmnle thai an •(The chimes.)MoN»av, Dec. Tfce wank ttttt»ea*jtjf V>ity cotlows will that of mat week:—lfemr/ttbablyhev*duced by thewasmngion. RuBsell A CotaryofWir, accepteday Mr. Floyd, barf beenfemffiarto buyers of paper; they need to ttjl ' I:,ST.. ..a»,. . .80.. . .81.. • bojm7,040 3,000 40401 0 ^ai*i.62ithan was ex-ter. We notice several tales at all the intermediate frac- tions between 61.81»,' aad tf.Tt, and n favorite towsght6f.«!,S This places the extremes from tf.st a t f . t t ^ dollars. In looking back through the reports of There were no transactions to sixty day bttto en Hew York. BightshowededispositiontostmVn,but toft offTh«fbSowfeg to a comparative statement of tbe banks of New Orleans for the past twoThe Philadelphia money matters:—leeteer of today itporttThe state]tat previoos week shows t decrease of titLHlt in tite items of loans aad discounts, 141^20 ia ape cis, $6*5^06 in circulation, and an ' - m m of •ii9,090ahdeposito.The official monthly statement of ad the Cana- dian banks for tfovesnbcr exhibits a decree** ia elroaasttta for tite month of tl. 100^00; fata iaroad Company have declared a dividend of b%V Si-*smiiir~ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 