 exprease*. Qcy o f this gfiesU thatare estab- •ofitofthe >nee o f the ** o f Fed- theSontfc- largelyfaa ibliahmenfc,from the rt vcmment :up. I f i t UEsorof tha >nveniencee at we see,theporpe- ; recovered i be neoee- &:opby theSouthern ing up theiportatiea. efore peti- ntmente ofoharge o f Zit haa aay he coQeo- n could be luckily wo \y to serve.Mifer of the var would, 'tonal vio- Dharieston aovement,e mistake so many rtzsana, i s the Preai- tion of thet i trict made gressioaai of namesSat t h e !ai down tfelson of; >fOregon' under a Sinoe hi* dicinghit beater, and eeented by >ood legal impeached represent oak he will i a hearty it* will de- ign to caa-it is we- irs' is sure vote f o r the whole net 8ur-bbetwee* i factions. b/Tu since i, and true rewhati* I employed placd a n db that Mr. »te for the otes from bat he is a number of in'Ireland. de«, it IB »tsofMr. 10 are not duetion of SHo f false U remeza.rnerly the tbe Hon.- f lavished?ry degree tidonhim VoMe is ia SchiedamGeorge," ; agree t o ;ards that e? W h oof New- bosiaess 1harea e effortsl;«H a a d 'hey will backing jp a gen- > reduce>iieve it, he truth.Express .«£tiedam ;rue and usiathe fB large t*fuj«eaia hatvir- '/biut we ; i* em>-branch of the Patent Office, i» now- on hi* way home noon. Other delegates affirmed to the oaine effect, and met at No. 21 Avenue D. and the Eleventh Ward As- the walk in a very brief space of time. One gen tleman tour, in no city of the United States, and perhaps in no< *Athe lat* frtorm. h a s be«n repaired, and trains are now ble conflict in Kentucky. Long ago they said U>theCrawford.T o t a l . . . . . . . . . . :Majority for Babbitt.....5,265....10,705 ...5,1543,119 5,551!fi.was the result of accident.. • — — *Chairman, anu Daniel Mehan. of the Second Ward,brated the great victory in anticipation. The assembly didnotbreakuptillfouro'clockthensxtmorning.^•^^few^^-ut^^lj^i^j^$&s*^»^^ ^;^EU^^^^^^^^^^:^^^^^^s^^j^^^g^^^^si^^^^p^^^^pjp^iai^i^^i^ •.• •"•>"•'4nrr»LATESTNEWS, CITY POLITICS.MEW-Y0RK BATLY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, OCT0BES 26, 18W. —————— - * . -—* 1 ^Maryland,Virginia,NorthCarolina,Tennessee,Loui-Democracy,asacandidateforCongressfromtheVbR?ITHEVISITOFTHEPRINCEOFWALES. sjana, and hoped the seventh front Alabama. They Congressional District, recommending hhu as a sound \onation ofGeorge the IVth, and whioh tonmnaJo* •with the national anthem, "Cfod; Save.the King." TMB, instead of being only played orchwtrally, w a r sungas.w#B,thechildrengivingthemelodyinwafc*&r°question &ty o f the lor rtiita-littiecow- had made ia i t , a l ls u s p e n d e d Icbate*,a* , finally r n - ?n Brewer ma rather lipiiae h a snt.FFICB, tssedintbe ie Adnrinia- fc* eagges- 1 feathece,Upon assembling and calling the roll, it was foundit, Aoor- represented by substitutes. Mr. Wn. M. Tweed, the drees from Wm. W. Badger. The Sixth Ward Re- these arrived from sOme ealoon, where tJ^y had. been. ble. I have some' fear, however, on the other hand, pleasant adieu eohoed after h"inuJUBLiSIVKD BYMAGNETIC TELEGRAPH. From Wa«ttUi|rtoii.^ ^ ^ ^A BOSTON JUBILEE. down his name and gone on the stump for it. G e n . was unanimously adopted.. Gen. Ward having been I From Our Own BepC*****W A S H T H S T O N , F r i d a y , O c t 1 9 , I 8 6 0 . THELASTTERROR.g ^ L ; T I N TW AIN. .Last e v e l ^ S , h * Jn^lciary Convention of Tammany H » H m e t i n t b * 7 « M . W I g * a j m , a t t h e c a l l o f t h e C u a i r -a can. SJCVERAI, OF THKBOYS—We'll give you a big meet- Convention in a few appropriate remarks, in whioh he promptly and heartfy n n d e r t ^ ^ * e duty of lavishing voices of all children h we a peculiar penetrating char- ing.Wadneeday night. ;|. ., took occasion to pass a. high personal compliment onThe President of the Union Club then stated that the Hon. Mr. Brigga. After the usual complimentary praise upoo herself, tor her exee^ent mannOr of con- I acter, which those of adults do not possess, and which t h e D o u g l a s E l e c t o r a l t i c k e t i n F e B n a y l v a n l a h a d b1 s e n v o t e s t o t h e C h a i r m a n a n d S e c r e t a r y , t h e C o n v e n t i o n d u c t i n g t h e f e s t i v i t i e s w b i c h e n l i v e n J k e P r i n c e ' s v i s i t . m a k e s t h e i r v a l a e e n g r e a t i n c h o i r s , t h a t i t i s a w o n d e rannouncementiaTheStrald's pretendeddispatch friendsofJudgeBuseeHmign^uPoaih*«»embli°g<>f thatMr.Lincolnhasbecomefrightenedatthe thisConvention,makesomeforcJbl6d61110^^*1^inmaldoTbemeetingwbichconsistedofabout200persons 751Broadway,forthepurposeofnominatingcityandenlarged upon,-but simply to be confirmed, elsewhere. | jKozart's Twelfth Mass, with a 'perfection whiohyvbrand* <* ^ Southern States, aad that he can- fiadinhis behalf as upon a former occasion^ S *»») ^.1 .tance. Ofcourse,thereisnotruthinthedis- theballotswhilethetellerswereengagedWfrelore tbe Supreme Court of the Unites States, at th e moved that his Honor ex-Jodge Michael UUshoeifer, aext ierm, the great bulk of them, involving millions be nominated by acclamation.cornerTwentyninth street and Tenth avenve;the Twenty second Ward Wide-Awakes held an officers' meeting, and the Yorkville Wide-Awakes met at How- ard Hall,corner of Eighty-sixth street and Fourth av-'••••*••of dollars, having already been adjudicated.This motion was received with a storm o f oheerfl, mingled with cries of diasent. and hisses.P e n n s y l v a n i aPHII.ADEI.I>HIA\ Friday, Oct. 19,1860.The I>ouglas State Central Committee last evening withdrewthestraightElectoralticketandpledged Otbersideofthehouse].themselves t o the support o f the Beading Electoral ticket; but indorsed Douglas and Johnson as the nom- inees of the party. An attempt to erase t h e Breckin- ridge men from the ticket was unsucceaeful.Movements o f Senator Oouglas. * S T . Loois, Friday, Oct. 19,1860.attempted, to hold a meeting, but were forced to give of all tbe streets through which yesterday's procession tion that Judge Ullshoeffer would not b e a popular to stand up in the passages or Bit upon the stage. E x - way. The Committee broke up amid much noise and bad been announced to pass. All traveling about the1spoke from the Court-House stepi. ferson City to-morrow morning.• « .He leaves for Jef- •porpoee, and that the Democracy of the oounty couldn't be fooled in that way.Some one moved t o adjourn t o next Wednesday. (Criesof no, no, and cheers.]the Republican nominee for Assembly, in opposition t o Andrew-Craft, had withdrawn. The movement was considered manly en the part of Mr. Sawyer, and was received with loud applause. Mr. Craft is now the only Republican candidate in the field, and his friends look upon his election a s certain, as there are a t leastFrom Mexieo.MOBILE, Thursday, Oct. 18,1860. By the arrival of an English steamer we nave Vera•• •'. .••..•P o l i t i c s .Mr. Mehen of the Second Ward, moved to lay the enue, and paraded to .Carmansville. Pretty good, forv.. Dist. VI..TAMMA.NY JUDICIARY CONVEKTION.bad made a Union ticket inTexasof two Douglas men, Nataonal wan, and^ballmg upbu sB t ^ |A GRAND ROW INTHE CAMF—THE CONVENTION P ACKED—PROTEST OF THE MINORITY—JUDGEandtwoBellmen, and OldSam.Houstonhadttkea men intheDistricttosupporthim. TheresolutionJ Coombssaidhehad.muchtosay and wouldbe happy bwught before t^e Convention by a Committee ap-while the organ and the orchestra filled the harmonic'*' £'TJLSHOEFFER NOMINATED—THE CONVENTION to eay it before a large meeting. pointed fo r the purpose, returned his thanks to the • A t e an I a m n o t d i ' b ? ^ ^ that Boston has ^ so The effect was very remarkable and unusual, fo r th**msn,tonommato.rior Court, in the phu*^ o f ^ E^V*1 ^ Pierrepont, vania as in New-York, but one electoral tioket in j the UKION CONVENTION.—The Union Convention mst adulations which, certainly are due, but Watch, having Children also sang a choral from M e o -^ateforJudgeoftheSape- withdrawn,randthatthattherewascowinPennsyl- adjournedsinedie. ItreleasesonefromthenbOessityofacil'niniBteringthose. why they arenowsolittleemploye!The Crest amuse** * created here to-night by the resigned. It was feared &Qat *0na6 o f * • ' m o w ardettfc field opposed to Lincoln and Hamlin. j again last evening, for the fifth Or sixth tims, at No. been so bounteously applied a>- home, do not ttvOd to he , delssohn; " St. Paul," and • a choras J&ottt11 i gthe Hon. John A. Dix's new city postage system. H e then explained the object of calling the Convention together.stand and deliver" eulogiums, and you areDuring the year enditg with June, the receipts from the sales of public lands were less tnan two millions of dollars Those recently yielded a very small amount, owing to the scarcity of money and other causes, and an many cases no bid* at all were received.PourorfiveCalifornialandcasesonlywillbeargued jumpedup,andinaspeech,brief,earnest,andpatriotic, theTwentiethWardheldameetingatLamartineHall,of Democratic discord a Fusion ticket which they the result of their labors:*>•'ACROSS the ocean's stormy deep, There comes to us a natron's hope,And here his princely state will keep, Allgracious,onourverdantslops.A host of greetings here aw&H TheLordofRenfrewandtheIsles;And manhood's shouts, with joy elate. Will rend the air 'mid woman's smiles.His Saxon land is wide and far,Where bards in magic strains have sung;.That naught this pleasing scene' may mar. Our welcome breathes hisnativetongue*.AkindredHeneeofShakspeare'eart. Of Milton's verse, so grand, sublime.Inspires the mind and fins the heart— Bright promise for all coming time.For years of brotherhood and love, For stalwart work and golden loreiWith sweet permission from above, . To daily add increasing store.»—Lo! she who sends her treasure horerThe wife and mother—England's Queen tWho find no equal, knows no peer, In all her measurlese demesne;Joes ie $15,000, and is covered by insurance. T h e fire view, Mr.. English of the Third Ward was elected were confident of a triumph in November, and cele-State asserting and maintaining its- authority over questions of municipal order, aa in the Metropolitan Police act, and other kindred legislation, yet there are material points of difference i n regard to the manner of executing tbat authority which I feelRailroad Convention., The State Railroad Convention to devise a system. of Railroad grants to be presented to Congress, assem- bled at Topeka o n Wednesday last, Gwv. Roberts ofappointed to draft an address to the Democracy of the county, setting forth how shamefully, they, the minor-Ward held a mass meeting of Wide-Awakes last even- ing, at No. 274'Grand street,-and notwithstanding the rain turned out a force of three hundred torches, andinfluences i n the party, and even antagonistic to influences t o which I would perhaps be somewhat indebted for an election aa tbe party candidate.good-will was ever seen. -"The event next following the public procession, wasThe Prince and suite to-day visited Cambridge. Mount Auburn Cemetery, and Harvard College. A t theCollegehewas welcomedatDoane HallbyT?e wad is ako rendered temporarily impassable, ^ othe Republic, was well calculated to excite the wonder, in the shade of a mighty tree J^ho&e if notthe:amazement,ofallnationaland conservative,.9,441 ....1,168liveswerelost. ^mbranches extended t o the Pacific and the Gulf. H e beuan.tofeeltbathe couldmakeaspeechifhehadan audience. He had done some service to the countryTotalMajority for Lazear...- •. •Secretary. y,ATCHESON, K. T., Friday, Oct. 19,1860. Mr. Hartt then moved that a Committee of three be TENTH WARO WIDE-AWAKE RALLY.—The TenthCanada, where loyalty so often grew to white-heat, assured would place me antagonistic aa a legislator to powerful no more universal and earnest demonstration of cordialBAL TIMORE, Friday, Oct 19,18G0.TheinaugurationofDruidHillParkt'.-daywasa candidateoftheMozartDemocracy. Mr.Ruesellnot -grand affair. There was arilimmense gathering of peo-ple, some estimating '.he crowd at not lesa than JO IKX). being a desirable man, i n t h e eyes o f Judge Ulls-peopleoftheSouth,withtheirbowie-knives,inthe ceived. TheresultHSshownasfollows: Territories, a n d fight out the question which the as- Forty-eight counties? official—Cur tinDuring the day there was a very fine military display. The Maryland Guards made their appearanceinan elegantnewZouaveuniform. Tbeexorcisesconsisted of an address by the Mayor, and singing by the children of the public schools. <V'i"''i ^ ^After the exercises were concluded a h«avy Btorm Set in, which ia now raging with great violence.m ' , Anniversary of the Battle o f YorK-loarguration of Druid Hill Park, took place to day. clined to speak this evening. On Wednesday, how-Th»rewasagTeatturcoutofmilitaryandcivicassocia- Elijah Ward manifested theutmostanxietyfora tions and public schools, children being conveyed to ever, he would speak, and thepublicwouldbe informed fusion; but Mr. Wolfe and the Tammany people didt o w n . •• <0i.ft BALTIMORK, Friday, Oct. 19,1860.*"• »''••'•'Luzerne• .Columbia-.......-:Montour... Wyoming....Scrantoh, P .7,458 1,953 1.052 1,256Randall. D. 6 ,1 1 92.476 1,134 .1,295<?HI' .*!» ViJTew-Orleann ItemK. K«W-OKLKASS. Friday, Q ^ . . ! ? . . 1 8 ^ .xu- ning over it without loierrupfton.SwHmasip star of the Wes; sails lor IwwAork onDi»unionists in the Gulf States that they-were perfectly • and Wolfe magnanimously comes forward and says tothe 23d.! *YellowFcver a t MCobile. MOBILE, Thnwday, Oct- 18, 18<'.0.them: >I place m y nomination before you; shall I with-platfoim at.the center of the floor, was hold in reserve for the visitors. The hall itself was decorated with great profusion, and better, with great good taste.For eome eager minutes t h e bright array of hand- eome children sat, whispering their delighted expecta- tions, fluttering their gay ribbons and muslins in half suppressed excitement, and looking a l l impatiently at the door through which the Prince was. about to ap- pear. As the bustle in the corridors announced his ap- proach, they became f o r a n instant preternatarallyit was found that the fiendish crime had been committed with the back part o f a n ax, with repeated blows. Nine wounds were found upon Mrs Orendorff, seven of wbich were considered sufficient to produce death, if dealt singly. The youngest child was much mangled about the head; the eldest seemed t o have made i t s escapefromthehouee,andwascaughtintheyard and stricken down with a club." On further examination i t was discovered that all the drawers and places where valuables were likely to be kept had been opened, and from $304o $40 and a Colt's revolver taken. A considerable amount of money was in th e house, belonging to a n estate of wbich Mr. Orendorff was administrator, but was not found by tbe scoundrel.4*The citizens of the south-eastern portion of Taze- well and the north-western portion of this (Logan) county are out eu maste in search of the murderer, and it is confidently believed that he will be arrested."The murderer is named Ott, and has been arresUfc. He is a German, and had been in the emplbymont.of. Mr.Orendcff; but waa discharged foranattempted ,' outrage.«m>—Napoleon III. hasnominated a Commjfosio*, for thepreparation of an edition of the works of Count Bar- lolomeo Borghoei, the famous KomaX numismatist and archaeologist, MM.L<SonRenier,E.Deejordins,aui Battista de Rossi of Rome are the gentlemen selected for this taitfc-There have Ven five deaths from yellow lever -wiUiin the pafct ten days.but 100 000 votes. He told them that they would take care of the AbolitionbHs; tbey would Bhave half their hf ads put striped breeches on them, and learn them aAfter mutual conference, the following resolutionswere, on motion of Mr. Oakford, unanimously adopted:OHIO ELECTION.—The Ohio State Journal has official returns frcm eixty-eight counties for candidates on the State ticket. I n these counties, Murray, Repub- lican candidate fbr Attorney-General, has 24,170 plu- rality. Semi-official reports and estimates for the remaining eight counties give him a plurality of 26,124.fhoeffer's friends, they took their departure in a hurry, to prevent the consummation of the scheme.GEN. COOMBS I N NEW^YORK.In consequence of the inclemency of the weather, the audience assembled a t Mozart Ha?l to hear Gen. Coombs last evening was very small. There wereonly eighteen settees in the hall.The President of the Young Men's Union Club statedCurtin's majority in 48 counties.....-.of the car, inside, is the Prince's plume, and beneath, in panels, the coats o f arms o f Massachusetts, Maine- ana New-Hampshire. Outside is a platform built out, and richly carpeted, with velvet trimmings, o n whioh the Prince may view the country, o r present himself to spectators at depots. Altogether t h e tout ensemble. is splendid, yet beautifully chaste.A HORRIBLE MURDER.—A correspondent of The Chicago Press and Tribune, writing from Altoona,111., on the 13th inst., gives the following particulars, of a horrible affair:•' Mr. OrAndorff lives about sir miles from Delavan^ in Tazewell County, on the Delavan Prairie, fifteen, miles w^st of this place. O n yesterday morning, he aid bis hired man started fo r the timber, about five' miles distant, to work, and did not return until after dark last night. O n entering the house, he disco-sered nought, and uvent in to see what the matter was, when he'was stricken with horror by stumbling over tho lifeless body of bis wife. H e a t once called fbr hia hired man, and a light was soon struck, and a still more horrible and heart-rending picture presented itself. Near its mother lay his youngest child, dead; and just outside of the door lay his oldest child, not dead, but speechless and dying."The alarm was at once given, and several of thethat there bad not been advertisements or placards, concentrate the Anti-Lincoln forces upon one candidate. The anniversary of the battle of Yorktown, and the posted and published. Gen. Coombs, therefore, de- The friends of tbe Hon. George Briggs and the Hon.Total.......... .11,719 11,024 Scranton's majority.'. •- 695XVIIITH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT—[Official.]Blair, P . McAllister, D .Blair..... 2,900 2,285,tbe Park b y thousands. The weather was thr«»atenirg,ibut there was a large gathering" Our usually quiet and peaceable community hast. just been thrown into an extraordinary state of excite- ment by the receipt o f the intelligence o f the murder of the wife and two little daughters o f George W . Orendorff, the latter aged respectively 7 and 9 years. The circumstances, a s nearly a s can- be ascertained^ are as follows: •.ratherThe Corn Exchange Stock Board adjourned ehort delay the General saidtbathe found in a small,over to-day. "There wnl be, consequently, httie or nocorner of an obscure paper the announcement that he was to "speak. H e Bhould have something to say if the people were out to hear him.! Seventy-nine years aco these thirteen States became independent; ten 5ears ago he stood on the battlements of Yorktown, and h e felt as if he were standing o n holy ground. And yesterday h e paid a pilgrimage t o t h e head- quarters of Washington, and he felt then as if he stoodbu*in«&e transacted tc-day.-• •Railroad" PORT Cbtu^K, C. W., Friday, Oct. 19,I860.-Accident.H ,185.2,966r..8,219 DISTRICT - -[Offioial.]of it.There were lound cries for " Coombs."After anot appear to like the idea. Despairing of effecting any good result, tho former gentlemen have issueda manifesto, pitching into Mr. Wolfe, from which we extract tho following:When all conservative, patriotic citizens, discarding every personal consideration, were jntent only on de- feating pection&lism, with the unhappy strifes which it engenderp, and the national dangers wbich.it threatens to our institutions, to see at "such a crisis a professed Democrat avow' the principle tbat a mere partisan orCambria.... Huntingdon Somerset....Total......... Blair'a majority—.-X X T H CONGRESSIONAL.2,263 3,042 -- 2,9802,452 2,120 1,362Just before the entrance of the Prince, the hall wassilently crowded with an assemblage of unusual varie-ty and beauty. -Nearly one- half was occupied by thetwelve hundred school children, who were grouped ina eemi-circular amphitheater, which deacendedjfrom thehighest gallery to the floor, converging to the center.This bank of young humanity was perhaps forty feetin highth, and sixty in breadth. The little girls, whoaltogether outnumbered the boys, occupied the edges,and formed the most imposing part of the picture.They were alpaoetall dressed in simple white, althougha few dots of sharper color were scattered here andthereabout. The boys,withexcellent artistic offect,were arranged in the center o f the semi-circle. T h eorchestra was in the space left open upon the stage.The lest of tbe hall was filled with spectators, ladieshaving exclusive possession of the galleries. A raised neighbors were soon upon the spot. O n examination,A heavy freight train, bound eatt, o n the .Buffaloand Huron Railway, early this morning^rau into t h eWtllind Canal at displace, the swin^ridge hayingbeen left open. Tbe train was drawn by two engines, en holy ground. And h e felt so when h e stood personal triumph is of more consequence than a great o l t of which is in the canal, complete y obstructing rt. near Plymouth Rock. H e there felt as if h e were conservative and national victory over the enemies' ofStewart, P, Lszoar, 1).weening personal ambition.TheJaclrson RJlway, # ^ - f f i K £ S S S S lately in Kentu-ky. They are ready for the irrepressi- Whereupon the Tammany Convention reassembles, Erie.Babbitt, P . Wilson,D.'„.. ...5,440 2,432aftThe Nineteenth Ward Zouave Wide-Awakes met a t Dr. Rollins of the Eleventh Ward, a t this, juncture their wigwam for parade. The " Excelsior Club" ofSvprem e Court Recorder..... .......Surrogate.'.. >.«•••«City Judge...Register..... ••••..'• Supervisor... ••• •.....G. G. Barnard. ......A..D.RusvelL ./..,.Ed. C. West.J. H. McCuno. ...... James Lynch..^....StoithEly^jr. Boijamia Wood. ... ..Mic&ael Taomey.Nelaon Taylor. .....John w. Chandler.motion on the table. [Hisses and cries of " No, no,"one night's work.TJiAt. VII..Dist. VIII.......Udolpbo Wolfe.Dr. Robert B. Bradford.by the friends of Ullshoeffer, and cheers from the.The above was declared to be the unanimous choiceREPUBLICANMASSMEETING.—TheRepublicansof oftheCommittee,althoughtherewereagreatmany aesembledtogreetthePrinceatNew-York.Niblo'aby the confusion) endeavored to convince the Conven.- Tenth Ward Wide-Awakes arrived they were obligedcandidate with the Irish; that the Convention was nota legitimate Convention, b u t a packed. body o f in-Ald. Briggs called the meeting to order by introducing aseriesofresolutionsheartilyindorsingthenomination of Lincoln and Hamlin, as well ae the local Republicanconfusion of tongues. *—Atameetingofcitizens,at the LaFargeHouse,on the evening of the f8th inst., the following resolu-tions were unanimously adopted:Resolved, Tbat, in view of the distracted state of political par- ties in this city, we deem it the duty of all order-loving citizens to unite in a cemmon effort to elect a capable, honest man to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation, of the Hou. Edwards Pierrepoiit. • .. Resolved, That We do hereby place in nomination for said office our esteemed fellow-citizen, Peter Y . Cutler, esq, and pledge him our earnest support, and recommend him to the con- servative voters of the City of New-York as a gentleman whosecity was interrupted. Even the expresses declined to undertake their ordinary tasks. There was a large im- portation of country visitors, well disposed for a holi- day, and overflowing with exuberant sentiment. T h e etoreswere mostly closed. A Fourth of July could hardly be more universally celebrated, and would never be celebrated* with such order and perfect good feeling; There was very little indication of police regulation, while, indeed, never was leee needed.their meeting was of little interest. Mr. Parnham, however, certainly said a good thing, if' the report b e true. WhUespeaking of the Prince, he observed: " I " hear so much in praise of the Prince of Wales that ISenator Douglas arrived at 7:20, on tne packet City©f Alton. H e was receiptd by a large crowd, and dividuals met together to acsomplish a pre-arranged candidates. It was. announced that Oscar G. Sawyer,Other persons strenuously objected to going into,anomination; among them Michael Connolly, Emanuel six Democratic candidates nominated in the same Dis-,'•;•''In holding fast a Christian part. Enthroned/in majesty of birth;No counterchange of soul or heart, A sacred service renders earth.And we, unheeding jeweled crown, Supremacy and sceptered line,In veneration bow us downAt gentle virtue's holy shrine.With benedictions on her name, - We laud again this royal #ne;And thus a second welcome frame For good Victoria's favored Son!Cruz dates to the 2d. *Amj ndia commands the eastern division of the Con- B. Hartt, Thos. Byrnes, and Mr. Mehan, were promi- trict for Assembly. The meelingwas then addressed unimpeachable integrity and legal acquirements eminently qual-Before leaving the Revere House to visit the.capitol, and, witness the review upon the Common, the Prince was visited, by the Revolutionary soldier, Ralph Parn- ham, who remained conversing with him for half ansafe from the Abolitionijte; Kentucky stood betweenthem and danger. Kentucky long ago lay down alongthe Ohio, with her big toe in the mud: of the Mississippi,arid she was there. Kentucky was a n irrepressible field, of come new man ? As you determine, so I will Union State. Set up the flag o f Disunion there, and act. I repeat, I am a Union, National Democrat. heweuld bent it not only 23,340, as h o did in August,tietolvd, That thin meeting,:composed of' members ortbe. Convention that nominated tbti Hon. Udolpho Wolfe for Con- Co was represented in the legislature by John Fulton, srood trade. And they would not charge them a cent nreH», approve 8n<] ouHtain tb« COUTHO which he ban pursued; »ntt tar it. This had struck the Secession^ as if .they had it it. our opinion and wiflh that he should not withdraw from the:—Lart Winter the Irt Assembly District of SaratogaelectedbytheDemocrats by600majority. Thelid Wnstruckbyaflashoflightning. Itreaiodedlum \e\olvcd, ThatwepledgetohimanewourearnestandactiveTOatrict/was represented by Mr. Ellsworth, elected b y of the hymn sung a good deal by his religious person- suppoit.aiid wo recommend tbat u meeting be called to rauiythe Republicans. They both voted fo r the Railroad sion; • •WTJs over the Goy^nicrs veto. Fultoo has been takenpubiicJy Mr. Wolfe's nomination. . _ ., _ • From hop« to hopwoor pawiomfly, .refcpeot the Constitution and the Union an1the rights OfaUaeOr of The State Journal, make a gain for Brinkerhoff through the paseage, they aprang tumultuouaiy to theirthen quietly • adjourned.countyofficersandcandidatesforCongressandAs- ItseemsthatBostonissothoroughlycontentedwith gho\ycdthatthesystemofmusicaleducationinthe • sembly. The Cpmnnttee ^fto were expsoted to reportBEPL;BLICAK MjekTlNOs.—In addition t o meetings the nsmes reported prdgreM, but bad not yet come t o herself, that no outside acknowledgments of her merits public cvbools here is a great and enduring success. aot carry o n a Government without their assis- did not eland a chance of nomination, X?*? destroyed elsewhere reported in this morning's paper, the Repub- terms with allthe candidates. DiesatLtfactory speeches could . add' :materially to her present satirfactkm. Last of al^ "Old Hundred" was sung, the whole an-g licansofthiscitylastnightraljiedtotheirre&pective weremade,whereupontheCommitteewere,onnao- Sotheeasierdutyofrecording,inlomegeneral dience—notleafthantwothousandpersons—joining; the assertions contained i n i t . I n t h e second Speight, with a posse o f his men were i n wftiriffg ] p r e s s e d by Messrs. Poer, Be/gen, Beeny and Price; Convention was full, and a large outside attendance ment I should unguardedly fall into lively admiration, after this the Prince .rose to depart, and then the^ buret*patch,intheSrstplace,whichwasmanufacturedthe.count,sotheChairmandeemeditadvisablei£T®headquarters,asfollows:*TheFourteenthWardtion,.requiredtoreportnextWednesday,towhich •way,theagreeable,andattimesunique,eventsresolutelywiththechildren.Idonotknowhow*ia the. office at New-.York, nor any foundation for a police force on hand to maintain order. Capt. FraaJ^ Workingmen, corner of Mott ajjd Prince streets, were time the Convention adjoufned. The attendance at the of yesterday is all that rests with me. v If at any mo- grander musical efSeot could be created. Immediately"waitedaboutthedoor,makingattemptstosecureen-*P» tbe JUnoofsted Tn*» Chairman, could not account for it, as all of the gentle- publican Aseoeiation met a t No. 100 Elm street, aad imbibing spirits which made them intfoxicjfctod in their as to being able t o yield to the utter extremity of self- In the evening came t h e ball, at the Academy of WASHINGTON, Friday, Oct. 19; 1860. men had been duly notified in good season., One mem- the Ninth Ward Republican Association a t Blescker enthusiasm, and they instantly set about puni&hing exultation which now pervades this community. I t is Music, of which I can say that it was better than any-Mr. Clemson, the J5u^erintendeut of the Agrijultural ber swore he did not get his notice till late in the after- those already gathered about the door. \Vith snob, fair enough to declare that throughout the Prince'sBuildings;, the EleventhWard Republican Association vigor was this business prosecuted that they*oleftrea other ball .given in the United fftates, and as good ajr.•place, the fact is that all men o f sober judgment, ofallparties,concedetheelectionofMr.Lincolntrance. Amongj the outsiders were a number of fight- ifewCanaistreetacd'arrangedfortheparade.The ingmen,thefriendsofopposingcandidates,parttcu- Ten&' Ward Wide-Awakes had a torchlight parade, laiiy thoBe warm iathe.interest o f Matthew T. Bren*ofcheeringandthe shakingofhandkerchiefsearn*again,moremadlythanibefoxe; ForfiveminutestheS?i*CSi ^ISSf*1617brought into requisition. .r&">rrk*aweren(KJtheSeventhWardGermUPWide-AwakesmetatNo.7IbegittobenndeistoodbyallBostoniansthatitis not from any disposition to invade their special privi- lege, but that the pleasant recollection of many charm-demonstrations did not cetNee, and long after the Prince* anySouth- •aaaforegoneconclusion,and.hisinaugurationasathatagoodmanydelegateswerenotpresent,andwersfromHunk'sHotel,No.274Grandstret,afteranad-mn,fromtheSixthWard.About9'o'ehckapartyofingthingshereaccomplishedis,onthewhole,irresisti-haddisappeared,theeebot-heartedtestimonialiotnatural Teault.from Ea ope, whither he went, by direction of the Sec- there weie some pretty aadible. and not very compli-retaryoftheInterior,topurchasevegetable,medicinal, socationatLugar'sHall,No.44ZEastHoustonstreet. Sothisbeadsplitwithastick,andanotherhadIdsab-Canadian city, has any equally remarkable popular some in Canada. But it was not a perfect succees by anymeans..Thecrowdwastoogreat,andtoolittt»and <MXDomical pi-u»t« and seeds gener-dlr. Many va- mentary intimations that the' Convention had been The. Republican Electors o f Washington Hightsrieties have abeadv been received Before they a r e packtd for a dishonest purpose.distributed among citizens of the United States, tbev In the blandest manner in tbe world Mr. Tweed as-will be tested at the Government propaga'iog garden inthis city, where additional facilities for this purpose are sured the gentlemen present that they wexe mnoh mis- they were addressed by E . Delafield Smith, esq., and HEBREW NOMINATIONS.—There was a largo mest^ have here been overshadowed and their memories ex- —Mrs. Harrison Gray Otis, the graceful loader of laprogress. Heretoforemuchcomplainth«beenmade taken,andifanypersonhadreceivedhisnoticelate, tfa©Hon.AbramWakeman. TheFifteenth Ward ingofGermanJews,lasteveningatNo.195Bowery, tinguished. IfBostonwouldclaimalittleless,it Bostongaiety,hasallowedapaperofthatcitytopub-astotteworthleesnees'ofseeds,butthisinsomede- orifsomeofthemfailedtoreceiveanynotification Wide-AwakesmetatConventionHail,No.179Woos- assembledunderthenameof'*Rosenburgh'sInde- v\ouldbeinfiaitely.pleatantertoprofferacknowledg- lishthefollowingversesinhonorofHisKoyalHigh-gree, was owing to the. ignorance of the recipients re- whatever, the fault lay not with himself, but with garding the mode of. proper culture.pendent Democratic General Committee." The object monts of all hey achievements. It is hard to be called•iiIt \IIIJ $ify him for the position.The expedition against Guadalajara, arrived before The question of adjournment was voted down. . > received with much applause. His remarks claimedthat city o n the .2ist., b u t hostilities h i d not com- the undivided attention of the audience, and were byjnenced. Mr. Michael Ward of th e Twenty-second Ward, turns argumentative, colloquial, pathetic, humorous Hon. John C. Mather ..ia the favorite candidate for hour. Excepting as a singular and suggestive incident,stitutional army. nent. for upward of an hour by Mr. Joseph Hoxie, who was•# It is stated that Bobles and Bezuela comujandioga then moved to nominate Judge UHshoefft>r by acclama- and comical. " Uncle Abe's Choir", sang several of.Congress, frdm the H i d District, are rather disposedto pitch into his opponent, Mr;Benjamin Wood, as thefollowing will show:division of the Church forces had been defeated with tion.. . .their Campaign songs with 'fine effect. Messrs. E . Kauffman, Ethan Allen, and others followed with short addresses, keeping up to the last the interest and enthu- siasm of the meeting. . . .a loss of four hundred men, while trying to march out of the capital.m>The Chairman put the motion amid much noise and confusion, and it was greeted with a storm of ayes.Resolved, That wo lament tbe necessity whicb-corrupt poll- ticians have forced upon us of meetin in coitestfc ran.honor-ONE OF THE BAJRCLAYK.: Boston Common, Oct. 17,1860.[By Telegraph.J<BOSTON, Friday, Oct, 19, 1860. The ball in honor of the Prince last night came quite?*It is alleged,. that without putting the negative, theFHiLanrLPHiA, Friday. Oct 19,1860. i Chairman then hurriedly declared t h e nomination THE SEQUEL TO THE GERMAN MEETING.-—After able pP<osition a candidate for ofi<;<> well iown in the Dietriot for " fear the people will all turn Royalists," whieh, from a,Thomas Bichards, a n o ld and esteemed merchant, the meeting of the German Republic ins at Cooper In- his philanthropic efforts in behalf of crazy negpes in tbe matter veteran of '96 was delightful. A little after noon theF r o mP h i l a d e l p h i a .'unanimous, and with his friends, -ran out of the room, of policies, and of law and good order in the advancement of lot-died suddenly yesterday a t the moment when h i s leaving a minority of 25 or 30, out of 150 odd, behind. stitnte on Thursday night, a large number of the most teries and other humane institutions, and we pledge to this candi- Prince and most of his suite drove to the State House,friends w«re about celebra irg his golden wedding andthe marriage o f his daughter. He was in his eighty- These gentlemen were highly indignant at " the trickfirstyearandquiteinfirm,andwassomewhatexcised whichhadbeenplayeduponthem,"andmanifestedin anticipation of the day's festivities. their feeling with much energy. Simultaneously with Franklin Buildings, five stories in bight, in the rear their departure, the gas went out, by whose agency,tS Franklin Hall, on Sixth street, bJpw Arch, werebnrned this morning. They were occupied by Duncan did not appear. The minority, however, swore that White,bookbinder,whoselossis$2,500;WilliamS. "BillTweed"putitout.Fortunatelyforthem,there 3TonDg,jobprinter,inwnosepremisesseveralweekly weresomelightedcandlesuponthetable,sothattheyprominent German Republicans, escorted Messrs. Carl date that no effort on our part shall be wanting to continue himin the sphere of usefulness in which he has heretofore-been em- and were rectived b y Governor Banks with a up to anticipations. H e arrived a t t h e Academy o f 'demonstration been offered him; but I have yet some mindful of courtesy in its dealings witfr*he Priaea. It bits. Others were hit, but not hurt. No arrests. and refinements and delicacies, wherever encountered, was, however, brilliant, and much enjoyed by many.ominal viscera very rudely disturbed b y reoeivf^ogi n(Twelfth Ward) met at Mills's Hall, corner Tenth av- the region of the stomach the boot o f one of tb.e-.oftb- hesitation in admitting that a l l splendors and gloriesenue and One Hundred and Ftfty sixth street, whereter street. The Eighteenth Ward Railsr.litters paraded of the Committee seemed to be to fish out of the depthsto Greenpoint, where the Hon. Luther Carter spoke tothe Republicans of the Seventeenth Ward of Brooklyn. could recommend to their brethren. The following isness, written by her, and called " The Paiace'e Wel- come":uupon* toeveniwnetimes uneasy about paying an honest debt, when payment is pablicly demanded with an emphatic eagerness that does mjury to your finer feelings. AfterIthisremonstrance,Ibelieve,thereisnothingwhich' ought to interfere with the smooth narration of yester- day's interetfSing proceedings.The multitude that in the morning filled the streets surpass*d m numbers any that had ever before been gathered in New-England. I n proportion to the sizes of the two cities; it altogether exceeded that whichthe VIHth Assembly District held a meeting last even- dissentixg voices, some going eo far as to say that the Theater, on the night of the Japanese ball, was not s> Mr. John E. Devlin got the floor, and in a speech of ing . at Onderdonk Hall, corner of Clinton and Grand Committee had been bought. After the adjournment thickly and immovably crowded as were the sidewalksconsiderable power (which was frequently interrupted streets. The hall was densely crowded, and when the the friends of Matthew T. Brennan, who were present,30NGKK8B—Dist. Di»t. Bist.III.. IV...•—The First Ward Democratic Regulators, whereof Patrick Fitzsimmons i s President, and of whom theSohiirzandR.SolgertoHold'sHotel,whereaban- ployed,andforwbichhistalentssoeminentlyfithim. short addre88, than which nothing could haveMusicat10:30,accompaniedbyhis-fullsuite.The two bands in attendance played God Save t h e Queen> after which the Prince opened the ball with Mrs* Mayor Lincoln. His next partner was Mrs. Gov-quet was spread. Among the prominent men present, beside the guests were: Lieut.-Gov. Reusch, of Iowa; Messrs. David R . Jacques, candidate for Surrogate;DECLINATION OF JUDGE WELSH. been in more admirable taste. After looking To the Members of the Republican Convention of the XTilth in a t the Legislative chambers, the party then pro-Assembly District.GENTIEMEN: Having carefully considered the nomi- ceeded to the Common, for the review. The military A.J.Dittenhoefer,latecandidateforTrusteeof nationyonhavetenderedme,torepresenttheXVIIth,Assembly dipplaywasfair.ThePrince,aswellasmostofhis^Banks.At12supperwasservedinmagnificentstyle. Marine Court; Edward Robinson, jr.jJ. Austin DistrictintbeLegislature,itseemstomepropertbatIshould companions,inuniform,andallweremounted.The Thedancingwasthemresumedandkeptupwithun- Stevens, Gov. Brueninghausen, S. .Kaufman "and F . decline it. I have not arrived at this conclusion without being review was short, but the procession which followed flagging energy and spirit until past 4, the Prince join-3ndmonthlv paper forms were destroyed, iusluding were not in absolute darkness.thoseofTheFretbyterianQuarterlyReviewand Kapp,electors;Messrs.Millman,Tzchuner,Franken-greatlyswayedbythedesiretoserveyou:But,asyouare,itwasverylong.Forsomemilestheroyalparty <Chri*lian liutnictor—loes unes'imated; Smith «fc Pe- It was', on motion of Mr. Emanuel B . Hartt, re- aware, I hold another office, which It would be inexpedient forters, stereotype printers, loss $3,000. The building solved torepudiatetheactionof themajority,andto heimer, Baumon, Lueders and others. Numerous metoleaveincaseofanelection.was own*d b y Hnlings Cowperthwaite. The total reorganize t h e Convention, With this purpose i n toasts were given and speeches made. All present, Moreover, while a s a firm. Republican I-am in favor of theing in nearly every dance. Among the guests present wereescortedthroughstreetssOthrongedthatinmany whoreceivedmarkedattentionwasLadyFcaakEnc.There were 1,100 double tickets and 525 single tick- - ets sold, the receipts deposited amounting to about $20,000. The number of invited guests present mad* np t h e whole number t o 3,000. To-day the Prince goes to Cambridge to vieit the University.culiarly adapted to the Wide-Awakes, and traced a fine ing the political power of the State during the coming year; and entertainment given him a t the Music Hall, where the Scientific School and Observatory, the distinguished analogy between the object and character of the organ- it would afford me great satisfaction to be able to serve your iu- 1.200 children from the city schools welcomed him party bad a collation in Harvard Hall. The citizens ofUnderthesecircumstancesIholditinjndicioustoacceptyourparade, WDliam W . Badger, esq., gave an address pe- There is nothing to prevent the Republican party from exerois-' cheers by the students. After visiting the l i b r a r y ofthemostremarkableofallinwhichthePrincehaaWvandot was President,- and John A . Martin of ity, had been outwitted by Messrs. "Bill Tweed" <fc paraded through the entire'Ward. Previous to th e nomination with the fair prospect of an election- before me. taken part during his American tour. This was the Presic'ent Felton and the Faculty, and with heartyAtchison, Secretary. A very large number o f dele- Co.. Emanuel B. Hartt of the Sixteenth Ward, Thos. gates were present, rearly every County in the Terri- Byrnes, of the First, and Mr. English of the Third,tory beii>g represented. The Convention adopted the following schedule,of Eailro>*d grants:were appointed such Committee'. The Convention then adjourned to Wednesday evening next.In a conversation which our reporter subsequently had with Borne of the discomfited minority, he learned that they were chagrined, not so much at Tthe nomi- nation of Ullshoeffer, as by the manifest want of con- fidence in them, as shown by the majority in suddenly deserting the hall, and leaving them without a quorum.terests in its counsels, but thus embarrassed I doubt that I could render tbe service to the local interests of the Twelfth Ward tbat could be rendered by another representative.While thus compelled to decline, I am nevertheless deeply grateful for the honor you have BOunexpectedly offered..Cambridge were out en masse, and cheered the Prince heartily as he passed through the city. Mayor Greene acted as his cicerone. In the evening the Prince visited the Boston public library. The Royal party leave, ou a special train a t 9J to-morrow morning for Portland, where they expect u> embark a t once for home. T h o car to be occupied by the Prince, is fitted with elegant eofas, oovered with silk plush, easy chairs-of dainty construction, gorgeous mirrors, center tables, on one of which are placed superb silver pitchers, goblets, ccc*.andontheotheranelegantbouquet,fruits.<fec;and', chairs of the most tasteful construction. The ceiling; of the car is of' rich blue silk, plaited;, and powdered with silver etars, which has a charming, effect when contrasted with the car draperies, which are of the richest crimson, gold and cinnamon-colored damask. There are also fine lace curtains throughout. The car- pet is of crimson ground, with green flowers. A r e - . tiring-room is provided with reclining chair and desk,One grant for a road fiom*Wyandot u p the Kansas Valley to FortBiley; one for a road -from Atchison I- • westward to tb e gold mines; one for a'road from Atchison, vi* Topeka and ConDcil Grove, in the direc- tion of Santa Fe; one for a r ad from Lawrence, south in the direction of FCrt Gibson; one for a road from the Missouri State line, known a s the Jefferson Cityand Keoaha Valley Rai broad..The Conveniion was in s?ssion two days. A Com-with a demonstration, the like of which, I think, has never been elsewhere known. With the ordinary fes- tiviiies in royal compliment, such as have been show- ered around t h e Prince a t every point, it ie simple enough.to deal. We all know what to expect at balls and concerts,- and their records need only differ in the degree of approval or disapproval they demand; With theee lively artificial shows, a hint of decorations, a suggestionofdashingcrowds,andaready-made phrase or two of general flourish, supply ample de-and for these the pen,is;always ready ...230,477 enough with. i t s . set frame-work, .overization and that of the Sons of Liberty, which existed in the Revolution. He noticed many incidents in t h e history of the Sons of Liberty in New-York,and claimed that the spirit which actuated them was the spirit which now ruled the Wide-Awakes, though fighting a different battle, with more peaceful weapons..He trjen noticed the New-York fusion, which placed Michael Connolly and James Brooks on the same plat- form, and announced the leading pugilists as its banner guard,asamoreunnaturalandmonstrousunionthannominated in his stead the Hon. Abraham D. Russell, of the North, with their Sharp's rifles, to meet the cial or .approximate' majorities i n a l l have been re-mitteewasappointedtourcethesegranlauponthefa- Thetruthis,andofthatpurpoaetheabscondingdele-vorable consideration of Congress. gates were well apprised, the malcontents meant to that which occurred in the wilds of Africa at the crea-Frcm The Philadelphia Bulletin, last evening.have taken down t h e name o f Mr. Hoffmann, their I n a u g u r a t i o n o f I > r u i d H i l l P a r k . candidate fo r Recorder, from the ticket, and to havetion of the famous " What Is lp;" and finally paid hisreepects to Mr. Douglas as the man of blood, the neces- latest statement contains the official vote of 48 counties; scription. The "worthier offerings of-vast and enthu- saryeffectofwhosedoctrineswastoinvitothepeople leaving17tobeheardfromofficially,thoughtheoffi- siasticmultitudeshardlycallformoreconsideration,sembled wisdom of the nation in Congress is unable to,determine. Hethoughtifthedevildidn'tgatsuchmen,there was no use of having any devil. The speaker closedwithaneloquentappealfortheUnion,anda Curtin'Bmajorityin17remaining. compliment to th e intelligence of the people, whowhich only t h e fancy-work o f mere adornment i sthought necessary tobevaried. But here wasa andallothersuitableconveniences. Atthe.rearend .could not b e deceived by those tickets made to sell. He was vociferously chetred throughout.SEVENTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.—The delegates ofjthe American, BrecHoridge, and Mczirt Conventions of the Vllth Congressional District have held several meetings, to endeavor to to harmonize matters as to31,90110,609 tlemen,6urpxisin(<arrogance,oraninfatuatedandover- XXVTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT—[Official.]men, audxortaiuly displayed, o n the part of the geu-draw? Will you select one of the gentlemen in thetioi.s-9outh-swellasNorth-findinonrcandidateamanwhomby {ft* Democrat*, and renominated; theRepub- Th»v had found out the man who killed Cock Robin, they can coiisurtontly and oordially support. alliia over tbeestimate of that paper of 428. A correspond;/ fret, and in sudden, jubilant ecataay, shouted andbroai vanitoetovwiitye. [GroutUugbter.JTfeans have nominated Joel Seymour, well known i n and the man who struck Billy Patterson and he had The American, Breckinridge, and Mozart a e r a -ibis city a s having been an. extensive merchant for the honor to be that man. •[Laughter and applause, j tions held a'iinal meeting last evening at No. 207 WestS i y 30 years, at>d in Saratoga County as a^retired He toid them: " Lie still, boys." I t reminded him of Twenty -t-eveuth-street. Mr. R. T. Nellis occupied theing gain on Dennison's vote, in the eight countieB to be heard from, would give him a netinajoiity of about13,300. .cheered, and shook their handkerchiefs until the au- dience, catching their vigorous enthusiasm, shouted and cheered too, almost as unrestrainedly a s they. I never saw so astonishing a sight a s that disheveledS . it tbe IW Di^tri X the RepubUcans have re. >n anecdote of an old woman in Bnncombe County, chair. The meeting having been called to order, anaNorth Carolina, who used to strike a fire with a tbe minutes of the previousmeeting read and &JWgh It will bo observed that Brinkerhoff ran largely3 a \ e d BDaworth, and Ellsworth has left th«nRepub- little powder, flushed into tow in an old gun. Amis Mr. P. Fullmer presented a letter from the Hon. weo. behind his ticket. For instance, Murra) received a spread of young handkerchiefs. There were Ican party/ He haa since been taken up by the Dem- chievous little grandson, when she went out, put in a Briggs, the American candidate, resigning his nomuia- majority over Stambaugb (Democrat) and Hutcheson none of your languid waitings of recognition lotofgravel. Theoldladycameinandbegantomake SonYaiaespieeemgthehopethatsomesoundnational (American), insixty-eight counties of19,623,while there—only the wildest and most recklessher fire—the little fellow hiding himself under the bod man would b e chosen by the Cj»mitt«, for the sup- Shepouredpowdtrintothe pan andshookitintothe port,ofJtheconservativemenoftheVUthpoBg-ewwhirl you can think of. Tho bodies of the children 15.530, showing that 4,000 Republicans refused to sup- were hidden for a minute by the flashing spray of Ut<-^"^IntheIVthCongresrional DistrictConventionofW a W a m r S w - a t Morriatown, o n Thursday t h e barrel, and by-and-by, when Bhe g o t a «pod lot in, tonal D.Urict. Several members oi tne w»TM*TMy_Brit.kerhoflV majority i n t h e same counties is only">ew-Jersey,neia yfc£&fc JudgeAndrew firedit. Insteadof»ettirgb'retothetow,asusual, the who'e charge went off knocking over the old wo- Democrats and W " * £ ^TCongress. Mr. Cobb men and blowing the top of. the roof oil". TUe little fellowpe«T**ioatandsai<5:"Liemill,Grdiinv,iuere'a six more charges to come !" That was what 1^ IUU— the »ix more chnrgrs, would come from Delaware,tonalvU.kfl.rici. oevvraim«uiu^*»~—----_ .ae handkerchiefs, just a s if a curtain had been held over them. Preeeutly the outburst spent itself, and thenthe.orchestraopenedthe,jubileeovertureofi Weber, a work written, I think, i honor of the cor- a•B. mm^^m to the Slate Senate.& Ssoiutionof»port Brinkerhoff. The majority over fusion, or the Anti Republican elements, then, in sixty-eight coun- ties,ISNINETEENTHOUSANBSIXHUNDBEOANDTWEN--^ ^ j^ ;-*MM^hz&tThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^•^•••••: <--- ?<&Mmm*<;t>n. Elijah Wttid, the nominee of theT*.THREE.,; ; •''"•. ,BreckinridgeUntitled DocumentPENNSYLVANJA. J . H. WELSH.ELECTI0N..W e continue to post up the vote for Governor, as given in the official returns from the different counties. O u rForty-eight counties, official—Foster'..205,227.25 2500,651 celebrationofstartlingandwonderfulnovelty,notCurtin's probable majority..XIITH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT—[Official.]more remarkable in i t s dissimilarity from all Others, than in its exceeding beauty. I thought I had.puahed panegyric as far as it would bear to go in speaking of the great ball a t Montreal, which certainly was the mott brilliant display of that kind that could easily be imagined; bu; here I find that this half-hour episode, thrown in unpretendingly'with the various celebrations of the day, as far surpassesthat and all other preceding festivals as living loveliness can surpass a n impassive effigy. I will endeavor to give, very briefly, ah out- line of the picture, which is all I can attempt.Fayette.......; .....3,534 3,367/Greene Washington....1,27.8 4,62912,936 4,306The Cincinnati Gazette thinks BrinkerhofTs majoritywill not vary 200 from 13,000 one w a y or the other.P W W , That tbe National and Union men of all parties, who The official figures'for six counties, added to the report quiet, but the mnnent that h e was seen advancingplaces the passage was accompliahed with extremedifficulty. The amiable enthusiasm everywhere mani-eeted was without a check; and I am sure that evenBOSTON, Oct.19,1860. www.fultonhistory.comm,.:.'i: ; • , . * -...,-. .*..'.;...: '• .,-'*».'<:^*#..'v -•. \L- 