 -^^!.<• a. *'cratic ConventloiL Tbe Resident Cemmittee hereare already engaged in preparing for the Presidential itPteree mmA the Charleston Mr. Biiaes left the HaU, be intimated to a Democratic campaign by sending out polittcnl documenta.•here.Mr. Datisso!! repeated that there were all kind opeople on the floor. Tlie time had come when this should be stopped.Mr. JoBB CocBSAn, of New-York, moved that theTbe name of tbe miter was called Tzs,of Wisconsin, (Rep.,) among others.Mr. LAaaAsaz said it was a private letter. He would allow his colleague to see tbe name If the latter would call at his room.Frank, Freneb^fiaodi, hnbam. Grow, Ball, fiaskins.BelBfelc. BiekmsB, Baai""Irvine.head, Morrill, Morris of 1Ulin, l^lner. FeUit.Fortar, Potter, Bice, Bobinsen of Bbooe IslsnA. ' Scbwarti. Sedgwick, SherBsa. t^.•4-» ^.^and report In time for the ballot to-morrow.Tbe caucus then adjourned.The Southern Opposition caucus was of an in-formal character but It was understood that If an ;acceptable man, for Instance Hr. Lababxi, of Wis- consin, was presented by the Democrats, they would probably be able to unite their whole strength, withthe exception of Hr. DAviii) of Mar) land, upon him,bad not the al>stracts before him, and that he made his statements on information be had received,Mr. Bxows's resolutions coming up, Mr. WiLxijr-not meml>ers of the House.Many voices said " Except the ladies.them out"Don't putWhen tbe name of Mr. Rigos, of New-Jersey, (Antl. Lecoropton Dem.,) was called, he said he had been informed that Ills vote for Mr. PsssrxeToii would eflScattering.Mr. MosTCOMZXT, of Pennsylyania, said that some that the Home Kentucky, Anderson of Missouri, Anderson at ttta-»»i.>:«u 1'. ^r«-rf SH» •-*!«?» T»«» ." »«<ilFROM WASHINGTON.vote,exceptMr.Di,vi8,ofMary'arid,asDemocrats havevotedinabodyforanomineeofthatparty. Davis they expect to lose, but In his place they wUl gain Mr.before them, he will not answer any of their Interro-gatotles. He ealla in quastioBi the exerelaei by a legis-lative bedy, of powers purely judicial, that are neiher cept the ladies from the operation of the resolution. Incident to the Government nor conferred by any ex- Mr. Davhssb said there were more outsiders on the press provielon of the Constitution. In this position floor than members.~ The vote was then annoaaead, as MkMMr: ^"'iNltMlttin If t Cktiec To-day.^I'Xilil filapatekdraw his own conclusions as to the proinble results. Eurm O'CLOCK P. M.,The Democrats in caucus to-night made no nomina-ticn for but a Committee to take Speaker, appointedbelongedtotheaalesex. tLaughter.]Wholenumberofvotes Necefsary to a choice'Spinner, Stantin, Stevens, Stewart1ttheentirepopaUtionoftheDistrict,in- TheDemocraticCaucusmetintheRepresentative actionwiththeviewof thevotes wehavenorules. concentrating op-r. liT.Smith,'ofNorth\valton,CaavcBttoa.to the H*w-Terk TlsM*. WAunraTOS, IloBd»7, Jib. 30.eoUeague, that be should vote with him again to- morrow.The impression is that the contest for Clerk of the House will be between Messrs. Ebwass Bail, of Ohio,tbasnads ot >tnM*i*i floeked to Oe C»pitoI I, to wltBMt, u thar lud hifaft, the elee- J|p<^8plMker. Thecrowd^a^aroundthe Capi- ^«M ectlinated at pom twenty to thirty thoonnd,Hall, Mr. Hocsros presiding, and Messrs. Moaais and Gashst acting as secretaries.Mr. Sum, of Virginia, replied—We liave the Par- liamentary law.e Wocdrnff. Mr.Wdblow,ofNorthCarolina,(Dem.)moved Fm-Mr.Smith,ofSortkCcnimo—Messrs.AdnasaTait •ne-loarth ef whom oonla gain admittance. much9fmf ^Mnffe, italrway, and retiring room wasrighttothe floor. Ttdsseeming to#8h the excited thnmg, whichHouse again votedremained tu>- 4B&]ibed tip to tlM hoar of adionmment. Many Igilip nlmnd aooea t* the floor and prlrate retiring iMMtt wiMn tkv nt aBxtODS ipectatan of what Mr.pMiKt.;election, with a view to JMlMk49<aitaat3daBob. At least, an hoar wu Bococx urged this course in an earnest appeal to theii5" " uj of liorth Carolina.2 1 1 The aggregate vote was lessened It MeBsrs. Psx-sijiOTOH ai.d of North SmiB,In' frtlltlea attempts to clear the hall of per- •«« Dot prlTileged. The roll baTlng been called, andparty,speech of five minutes.Virginia, (Oem.)'.(jllliiuledoftition in favor of the Homestead bUi.-aaiAaled, a ballot commenced. It was soon I that the Democrats would rote again for Mr.dutyCarolina, not voting. moved the House ailjoum.IdMr. Gauus,Mr.tutionallaws. TheRepublicanshadhadjiassesslon of that State for five years, yet the General Asaembly never passed laws in contravention of the Fugitive Slave Law, or in derogation of the rights of the peo- ple of the Southern States.Mr. ToouBS, of Georgia, (Deih.,) hoped the Sena- pointed the Committee, with instructions to consult tor was right in his correction. lie expressly said hethe RepnbUcans eoncentnte on Mr. PbT'For Mr .VrClentantt—For Mr. Oaiis (Ind.)—Mr. Allen.The Republicans called for another vote.Mr. Jons Cocbrabx said they had already had threeballots, and the Democrats would not eoDseattohava more to.day.Mr. CuiaKB moved to adjotun. Tlie BcpubUeaa Bide called for the Yeas and Nays.They were not taken, however, and the Hooaa ad- journed.The Paiae AnnirersaiT-BALL, STFPZB AND 8PUCHIS AT TBI CITT AS- SZXBLT BOOMS.The One Hundred and Twenty-third Anniver-sary of the Birthday of Tbohas Paihs was celebiatadlb. Ps—i—u» ttw toBiM* 3 , and Mr. Shitb S rotes of an election. The se:- [thlrd ballots resulted In the same Tote for t candidate, hot as the candidates did not vote, k choice, which brought eMkaaevote nearer election, Mr. PsractaiOH lack'of MinnesotaBO!i, (Rep.,)moved an amendment This seemed agreed to, but the fact was doubted by feet his election therefore while n-Jt desiring to Iden" ;ll>f«ly«eien<CetaarrtaIs the of dutyin gallantry, but he did not tmderstand Mr. Stastos's resolution to except the ladies.Mr. Gabhztt, of Virginia, objected to a call of thehisses from the galleries.]Mr. Bbioos made a he personal explanation, sayingwould now vote for Mr. Sbitb, according to hisiSiliisiilliliifusion,a etiict and impartial execution of the rule.Mr. of said, as tbe ladies Kziuaois, Pennsylvania,have been turned out, the men not here by privilege should be put out.Mr. Aebmoei—I go with you.Mr. HiciJJAK, of Pennsylvania, as a remedy forthe thatall the members withdraw pressure,suggestedag^i|tmarked salaryIs a mutual benefit to each section. The Senator from New Y'ork claimed that universal aboli- tion would be for the benefit of free labor at the North**South, who constitute a large majority of the people,ascertained who were notoff and if pleasantly,oftheNewarkDailyMercuryofthismom- will toForiCascades. proceed immediatelyproductstbe of certain members from Voices—" That would be the best way." part^igOee InywaafteelycirculatedaroundtheHall. ThefolAconspiracywasdetectedamongthamenofCom-pany B, First Dragoons, which had for Its ol^ect an He protested in tbe name of the free laborers at thePennsylvania, Mr. SviTB would be now dignifying the Speaker's chair,It Is proper for us to say that that the election ofbe easilyasked the Democratic members from the City of New-York to afford a paifor C, B, CocBSAiii.Mr, Cbjiios, of North Carolina, suggested that MrCocoBASz be paired with Mr. SiAiiwosTa.JoB:t CocBSAsx said he could not consent to a pair with his colleague unless it could be shown that he was under some peculiar personal obligaiion to do so. He felt that a superior obligation of party, as well as pati iotic considerations, prevented hiiu from lendii'g himself to a pair.everything passwas consummated in public on the parade-ground of CMsUtneots, and to the hosts of personal filends who the Company, and in presence of all its members, andported wereKentucky,goat wooU be In the highest degree gratlffing to hisstrong arm. Free labor was (uccessful at the North, but slave labor wss the true system for the South. Why not let them enjoy peace. He contend- ed that Slavery was not a curse to the South, and quoted statistics camparing five Southern Slates with the eIx New-England Slates, the com- parison being favorable to tbe South.Messrs.bam', of New-York, and SrAUWoara, of Alabama.^te alwajs rallied around him. His popularity Moag us is based upon the intrinsic excellence ofAm man, and upon the finely toned political e^Mons which be has always entertalnel We have that thorough confiience in blm wbish asksof tfaeBe none were found brave and loyil enough toMr. Vah Wtcbi,ofNew-York,RepublicansMr, Bbiocs, resuming, said the conduct of thosesupperfollowingtoasts:plsdges, desires bo avovals, and which is the re-erty, reportedMr.ViSWvcKargumentative1the Demo-and endeared to lover of free- reJigious liberty, everydom the time will come when his advent wUi ire ;universally recogmzed as one of the great epochs in human liberty,3. Mtntal tYeedom—TIhe key to open the portals of Nature, to break tbe seal of tbe fountain of Knowl- ecge, to unfold the volume of Trutli, to harmonizeew canoidale for Speaker."Mr. Snuus, having amwunced the withdrawal ofM. DxLABO, of Massachusetts, referred to the fact4. fducotioTi—Based on the laws of human Bstnre, supported by demon8t!-ated troth and weAl-knownUi aaae, seemed altogether a changed man. HisFrom Anotherwas Itee from that rigid expression «hleh JUd characterized it for eight long weeks, andthought the same courtesy and humanity should t>e responslbliityextended to Clabk B. Cocobasx from the Democratic the speedy organization of ihe House, and beespntcianeeI fer Shitb according to caticus obligation, butstatement Mr. Rioes admitted that he hadcept his ovm sospicions that Mr. Sutb would favor placing Slavery In the new Territories by Congres- sional enaotment Then, said Mr. Clasx, if'thatbe all,myvotefoiSmithremains. Greetapplausefrom tbe alliance followed this reply. Mr. Jot Mosaia made a ]poor exhibition, and under great excitementism to Slavery among our fathers, but said they did not allow a moral belief to control their political ac-No understanding was arrived at on tl^s subject The House decided to proceed to the election of aSpeaker..Mr. Sbmiiah, of Ohio, (Rep.,)—Eighttbe clergy. Glancing atWAtBiscTos. jEFrxssos and LiVAixitB, the speakerItto-day,Ha claimed that the Supreme Court had de-Then he and could vote forfeel relieved of that obligation afterha Bight poaslUy vote for Mr. Psbhisotos. Hecharactejizedhimapostlegood his rellgiou. Bs daiaartadthose who had deserted Mr. Sutb on Fri- 4v, afler ha had received enough votes to elect, as tartars. ThisbroughtMr.Moaais,of Pennsylvania, to his Cest, who further explained his motive foragoaebaraetar,Ithe vital principle of the Republican party. In tlwcourse of his remarlis, Mr. Nicholbo!! said in the caseof Kansas, which was the last Territory likely to .be organized for some time in which there will be a chance to establish the South had thedischargingThe reference to Mr. PsjnnsoTos was warmly quently interrupted by applause. .^~Ids vote t^aa iwtn on thatlulhstha eonki obtain no satisfaction from him as to tte manner in which he would constitute particu-Impatientof disunion and con- sonal controversy with the gentleman from New- blr'h ofckanglDgvkpvaatbe result disappointing thetheir only natural adversary, broken ments. They havevoted for 31r, Ssiith, he heard that the gentlemanoc-ovcriooktd as unworthy of influence wlicn conflicting Rith the great doctrine of humanobject get Bsiaes to suspend his remarks tmtil the vote waatratingof perpetuatingMr. Puses would be .strong In the South, but for tbe conviction that he could not be elected If nomiH o'clock on Wednesday. Carried. who is a supporter of this Administration, or"in the opinion of those who are inbeen tbe friend of WAsHi:tQTON, and we Bhould seewould tbebow tbe sons repay debt of gratltnde eon-announced, lest a certain memberpresent systemwho would owe it any allegiance, favor, or affection, elected to occupy any position of control in tlie House. I should regret, as a public calamity, tofavor of freein the opinion of the Pennsylvaniaright placevote to Mr.butIndependence,promcotme when history, with an 1 would Impartialmight change hig Pra.iwuTos,andelecthim. Afteravoteit was not delegation.in tbe pbla, contrary toHall at all the dictates of1, but was prevented by loud calls to order at excitement.tive, and Mr. FoaSEr, who paid him a secret visisome weeks since at Concord, is supposedindi- rectly, under the control of this Administration. Thates had voted for Mr. Piitmsoros on thelast to the chief mover in this intrigue.the session. IIwerewas madeMr. Moaais resumed. He had said to Mr. Woon claiid that the Sai>bath for man, ana notbefore the vote and voted for Mr.was announcedbe.Jirriasos Davis also favors the scheme, and haspowersof this Hoase In the hands, and under the con-Ihe vrith. McCLiaaisi,, staUng thatmentalof sto^Avis, Maryland,-1 Sutra isplored Ibe Almightyhimself on tne record, he would now cast It rightalsothird on the lUpubllcan nominee. dropped by the Democrats, and be has will be made in a few days.DevelopmenU Rev. Mr. KsnsAan, In the course of his prayer, Im. now arrivedI believe tliat a combination can lie ;tsubmergeallpersonalasexhitaitad In the wdtlacs atTbe Demoerats and Southern OpposiUoaaawaasv in canetts to determine a programme for ts-Bassow- Both parties will renew the fight sanguineofaacceae. The Republicans now lacking only two Uon. Mr. Foanr is at ^alcsaie promised aid and comfort to-morrow, bywhich demanded the organization of the House. andfencingrepeated,nomination.Slncethe defeat of.Mr. BascxissiDei inof the and South," Ishouldi%aB»oimced no change can be made.""nSrivMB, of Pennsylvania, rose, and insisted on nated. Nevertheless the efforts In his behalf are ac''humanity. Absols was a Christian, and Tbohas Pana wasanlufideL [Sensation.] Theintoleranoe«ttlW Orthodox Church w as evinced in that proserlfMaa wbich excommunicated members becausa thard*-voted for Um under the impression that his hopes, by courting the Preeldent, that Mr. Bocbabaxwedged in tbe various doorways, while the lobbies any event and under any circumstances, they would was infamous, gentlemen on the other side can make would write down TsohasPaiu as one wboiI"1 aleetiWhlcb not being the case, he would may be Induced to work for Mr. Fasos. The Presi were alike uncomfortable with persons of both sexes. disrolve the Union of these States, I would re- tbe most of it- liiE fellow man. [Groat applansejphaoge.Idtelarlng they woqld not permit another ballutIdent wouldengage in this if assured thatUs friends The seats"set apart for the diplomatic gard -it as the highest patriotism for an indi- Impatient cries of Announce the vote."GiLBZsT Vale toMr. to tbe resptmdnd tbe fanrtb 1-.-I^.ajl"l.ilji•ft Oie Ine- AnsAis,wbo has, to-day, voteJf for Pssmsoros agaUst tarra.In achoicebetweentwoOldLineWhigs,pre-wheel iu'o Use and cast his vote for tbe man who can, Whole number of votesI trust command a majority of the votes of this Necessary for election'.. .'.'!',',','. .IWt' t . ...fii ilttT .<,.i.w.«rfH»-...7.Y.7*. "',*'. 'Ifill IN THB HOUSE.Jahis Ricpatb, of Maiden,Mas^author of TheMr. Stabtos, of Ohio, remarked that If they permit-(Dem,,) was called, he senta Utter written up privateTOn, ThefollowingshowstbevoteindetailosfEIectioiii 1 10, aad if Rioes and Bsieos akooid both support Pax- saarcs, he would be elected, t»t the vote of either wouldelecttheDemocrat TheDemocratsarticon- fident of both votes. Riass, en withdrawing his vote from PuiFiiiaiON to-day, cast It for MoClibsasii, woo nay be the Democratic candidate to-morrow. Aad aswere here contrary to the rules they were liable to ex- South American to smoke outsame, SuTabam, Burroughs, "-"-rflniH reaaLill Carey, Carter, Case, OoUhz, CmikiiBg, Oorwln,'*Thus stands this drawn battlesented all the data on both sides, and the reader may tucky.The resuU of the vote waa Boa's resolution. This was a higher privilege than less attention :make a nomination, and advocated his motion atcrats, in reciprocation o' theservatlon of order, and the DoortkCeper could there- fore enforce the rules.Mr. Pbzlps, of Missouri, said the seventeenth rule excludes ladles and all those to whom special refer- ence was not made.B-tncb. briggs, Bris'ow, Bnrch, Burnett, B«raee F. Clark. Clark of Uioouri, Clemens. CloptoB. Cobb, Jakalength.Mr. Bococx moved, as an amendment, the appoint-Cochr«neJCooper. Cox, CralireCarolina, Cnig of—one from the North one from the South, and one from the West for thel&rd, I'avi!^ of MiBsissippi, iJejarnette, Dimasi^. M- mundton, ^Dglish, ttberidpe, Florence, Faoke, Gar-' nett, GartiPli, Gilmer, Bamilton, HsTTleofment of a Committee of threepurpose of consulting all who opposed Mr. SaxavAM'sTbeWholenuml)erNecessaij to a choice 117a Democrat upon whom the largest vote could be concentrated. Mr,For Mr. Pennington For Mr. SmithBiDdiDo.n Bpuston, Howard, Hughes JackBon,Jeoldna.wasmovedandcarried,theDeoio-leaders wIUhIxbw their exhausted forces from already he has begun to make advances by reappoint- pied by ladies.Anf.-Lecomptonand for the of his cotmtry. I did so In the discharge of a high and patriotic duty, Dr. METTMNGn responded to tte stzth de-whoseBAVISV.UI certainly vote lor Psutaaros to-morrow of the whole plot, with the men and means euUsted'with Mr. ^tchu promised, secures their triumph. Mr."••'^'**«eofelection. Ifthiscalculation^"^^«'»'»o»»retainshispresentvote? iW l^aw o' succem..4MI If As BepuWlcan slate for the morning, butFromtheAssociatedPress. WAsawoTos, Monday, Jan. 30.oftbe Republican organisation. Therefore. Mr. Mr.CuBK,ofNew-York, (AnU-LecomptonDem.) rawabeautifulfemaleexisted as to our Confederacy. slipper 'h<«'»;J,"'J,*?Ptka Deaoeiats present enM BMlk ,lh«r are equally singuinemade by Mr. Wisslow, vote t'itf* voce.leave to offer a resolu'ion that the doorkeeper bo directed to Iexclude all persons not entlOed to the privUeges unvoted) was In favor of the extansioin of Slavery byCongressional enactment?Ciles from the Democratic side—" No, No."Mr, Class—Then my vote may stand.It was mafla, snd having discened the y<»?5'2'^'_H~ "ISJthey. wUI, aayazpaetto eairy the entire Southern OpposiUonin answer to theletter, subprena toaskedfalteringly by me, and especially to thosewith whom; t*«liW»i«»»B»»NOIthwes-,«m Democrat, for whomappeartheamer ties 01 mutual sympathy, respect and affection.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069vote,Eiaoa',aTbaddics Hyatt, President of the National Kan. sas Aid CoBSBitleo, has written to Senator Masos aaof Speaker.in the morning^A singular manlage was effected in Paris a levr weeks flnc«.' Some lime since. M. Roger (no rala- tlonofthecejebratedtenor,)dflheTheatreImperial,entirely dltferent caicala-my heartfelt thanks to those who have stood so un-The aaaedota is the lion of the day-ortheandpatronage.trscted by trade, cotils.selecting'Jones, Keitt. Kunkel.Leake, Ijojrut, Love. Vaelay, llallDffT.and was by Mr. MosteoMsiT in a supportedpresented.For Mr, Bocock, ofMr. HiNDHAir opposed the amendment on theMr. Bcsiizn, of Kentucky, said it was the the Door-keeperthat the I>emocratic owed it to itself to PartyofTooHss, that Iowa had passed (mconsti-Mr, WiiiBiovrThe Republican side demanded the Yeas andMr. Clzkxbs wanted to know whether the Demo-Stewart ofFteut, Tavlor, Tbsmas, Underirood. vaUandlcbaB.Vance. Wtbeter, Whitelcy, Wio'low, Woodson. Wriiht. Fnr.Mr A Hfr—Mr. Dav)8 (Ind )groundmake a nomination, and, if beaten, to be beaten underIowa, (Rep.,) corrected a state-yiririnis. Siephrnson.Harvlaad, Staikea,sown Hag. 'Messr?. Gasitit, Fiokkici, Sicilis, Lasabsi, Roiui- SOK, Phiips and others, spoke jm and can, when the vote was taken and the amendment adopted, aftsr which the motion as amended was carried by a some- wHat divided vote.ment ofNays.Messrs. Riaoas, Exgiibh and Flokikciwereap-The House refused to adjourn, 108 against 123, and resolution that the Doorkeeper exclude all persons again voted.to-nightI havepre- FoassT,ofPennsylvania, and ITsBzawooo, of Ken-ladles be from tbe of Mr. DAvtn excepted operationannounced amid breath- 234contended that there was no irreconcilable conflict between the interests of tbe two sections. He charged that Mr. SswAan was tbe author of the doc- trines which caused the John Brown foray, and that be has made the present alienation between tlieThe U. S. propeller 3Itueachu3ett3 hiring completed York, and thought the language more likekeeper."The ladies, about forty In number, here began to re-fowis, andtheunmasticatablepastrythatsofrequently characterize the modem testimonials of raapect to hislas to how his vote could be secured. Mr. Riaos. I understood, would TOte for Mr PmnsoToir, if Us-nite would elect ili. Datib, however, declared it to TOte then for Mr. PiimseTos, as one of Ui auBpaity was in the field, but intimated that he I do so on the second or third ballot to-motrow, if Mr. Shjth should be dropped, which wUkatlMcaae to-morrow. Such was the position•(paitlea when the fight closed to-day. During theuMliil Hr. Psssiiwwoar was exceedingly restless,that he would willingly glre his whole tohavethecuppassfromhim. Anextrafromlawings is the cloeing psrsgrsph :attack on a non-commissioned officer of the com-06r. PxsaxsaTOM to this honorable and responsible pany. The mutinous act was plotted in secret, and that they were feady to repel any assatilt with (hesubstituted for Mr. Jc:sxia'B.The Senate to-day recetxed and confirmed severalunimportant nominations, but none of general interest. ABMT MZWS.Company H, Third ArtUlery, will take post at Alba- uoss'Island,SanFranclBco. Thestaffofficersoftbe Third Artillery will resume their quarters at the Presidio.tire from the floor. Mr. Ccans, of Iowa,realms of supposition as to the views of Mr. Paibi on tlieesimportant topics, although the proclivities of ms fol- voted for Mr. Psxiikctoii or Mr. Coawis last Thurs- lowers are given us as a partial guide. Whether orher duty. In removmg troops from San Joan Island, proceeds to San Francisco for repairs, and then re- turns to Pnget Sound.Second-Lieut Wubkici, of Company G, Third Ar- tilleiy, and Lieut Robskt, of the Coros of Engineers,that of a bigbwajman than of a wise statesman. The products of free lalwr and slave labor are entirely dlf. ferent. There can be no conflict between cotton and the. msnufacturps of tbe North, but zn exchange ofIdefend their officer.and sentenced for punishment.Pennsylvanians was most infamous.of man. who came to save the world from tbedoailn- ion oi Kings anu Priests, Dy his Common Senee^ The Rtgftls tif Man. and The Age of Reason,The mutineers have been triedMajor RoBxax Allzs,* Assistant Quartermaster, is appointed to inspect certdin public stores and prop-A Voice—DoMr. BaiGGSand Pickwickian sense,Mr, Steviks, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) rise to ask aas unfit for use, at San Francisco. Lieut. A. E. Latiuib will proceed to join his Com-assigned to AlcatrasLabor has l>een compelled to bow to the exactions of capital in theonly [L-aughter.•i,asdtefBhingUfeofpublicserviceinthe State,dur-1m% which not a riiadow or stain has rested upon him.Hm Bepubllcans In Congress may rest assured thatIbUb they will have a presioing officer whom noIcmptatlon will swerve and no inlimldation deterbomanbonestdischargeofhisduties. Weawaitthedcdston with interest, and our office will be open this No accident had happened twfore durlog the entire put of i-a;>italigts to divert the free lat)orcr from evening for ail the friends of the cause aud of the cruise. Orders detaching her officers ^ill be for- the true conflict. It is a conflict politi-pony at Fort Ripley. Assistant-Surgeon Qcikahnotwithstanding the as- seriion of the Senator from New-York. Free labor complaii'S that its condition is no better than Slavery. Free labor has a conflict at home with capital, and tbeiefoic is In no condition to enter In.o a conflictbut was cratic side,loudlycalled to orderbyis and will report in person.Island,Tbe engines of the United states steamer Uiait-Mr, Bbicos said, in tbe course of bis remarks, that be could excuse those Democrats who sought to for-sippi, just returned from a tlirce years' cruise, gave way yesterday, just before entering Boston Harbor.their in pofitionsfor Mr, Shithby abusingeuuflicilng opinions,and to tbeexpose hypocrisy,It was the mere political expeoi-—one side main- tains that Slavery is a moral wrong, and tbe other that It is a moral right. One State had no riglitto arraign another on a moral question. Slavery was confined to the sovereign States by the Constitution. Matters of religion must be kept separate from politi- ka-Jaasbed and talked as other men. He looked as PuncioTO!!, to-day, greatly damages the Party, and cal matters. Tbe Constitution must be the tiigbestlawvotingbecause it waswarded by tliis afternoon's mail.cally between the two sections"latter was not able, from sickness, to attend. He brogue." He was not Insensible to the weighty is rightOorrespondent. Wasbimgtoh, Monday,attached to his in view of positionThe failure of the to elect Republicansside.During these proceedings the floor was cleared ofwould act as one sincerely appreciating all the cir- cumstances involved, and with a proper sense of his duty to his country and his constituents. He said; If those Pennsjlvania gentlemen had carried outthemIf iMcved of some great and trying responsibiliV.Mr. Bhiib remained remarkably calm and self-pos-aaaaed tluoughout the contest, expressing his sur-priss at being thus suddenly and unexpectedly placed* withdrawing his vote for Mr. Pzsinaaio.N, alleged conflict proves that the Constitution has been violated, tn a poaitian so embairaising. that Mr. SmiB was extremeand many unprivileged persons of the otherthe after the clos&ig incidents,third ballot, strengthenof political men. There was a strong Anti-Slavery tentlment in the Convention which formed the Consti- tution, yet statesmen framed tbe Constitution leav- ing the question to the Stales. The fact that there is aladies sex.Iho alliance of the Democrats andSouth Americans.the of the blrttiday of the ai.nivet.«ary greatMr. of New- RiQos,inandthenMr. CiEuiss, In consideration of the courtesy al-tbelr promises,aitdbeand received theirand could haveJersey,explainingcomfort,Mr. Paees coromenceo tbe intellectual exercises by a upon the Irequency with which they are quoted evan byPro-Slavery. Ur.Hobaci Tne policy of the South is defensive, never aggres- Mr. Buses, of New-York, explained that he had F. Class asked him on what authority he made this sive. He frankly conceded tliat there is an antagon-If the would furnish a Republicansdid there, that he would abide by his pledge of honor to vote for Mr. Shith so long as there vras a reasonable hope for his election, and ttiat he should become eman.could be retained in office undering several of Piiicx's friends previously removed.Mr. Joan H. Gaoaoi, ofbe organizing a guerilla force to capture the nomlna-that whenever 1 believed that any one of my political friends could combineLiberty,one foot onfield, and give to lilm the hontir the position I occupy.Slaveryspeeches foUawed, after which the oompuiyNew-Hampshire,Is said toThe general scene was characterized by unusual excitementstood upon thatposition,to ride tliree steeds- Jlr. DoDuiAB, another on Mr. Pizacs, and— extension of If honor there be In favor of tbeemoting—I believe beIwfore Harper's Feny Investigation Committee on the 1st of FetouaiTitowhlch he informs the Committee that,Mr. DAvinsos, of Louisiana, (Dem..)Mr.' Puses,TacHiS Paibi.Q.Jan. 30.Mr-CocuBABZthreedays,withtheunderstandingtliatthetbetweet German accent and the rich Irishstructure of a true anU noble character.5 WomoB—Iffhelovesherselfshewillclaimwhatman, if he loves woman, he will do wliat la ;right. ani Free Press—Tbe natnral and C. Free SpeechInalienable rights ot every human being, the mainagniiist the country and humanity.7. Uvr ro-(a»ortrs—Wherever they are, who eele-none,ex-from that pledge by tbe convictioB that thereof aad % liberty,Slavery, empty occasion, by aay- He spoke with energy, and with leas confusion than triumph of the laws in her favor, while the North hadtion and respect and 1 believe also, tbe applause ofplause. She said i gave her great pleasurelar ^^klPljBlttees; that Mr. Shith would not tell him cerity of the pretext upon which hisof reaching the same end. The result to the South will be equally dls&straus, whether the atwlition of Slaverytheir adhesion to tbe Constitution and tbe Union, and willing to render obedience to all law. They have been silent, firm, manly. On the other baud, they have seen their -ancient adver-sary, andfe«arto 'aald compose these Committees. Mr. Horo-" «M^ofAMaBS,hereeUaiedin,sayingthat nomana taDtlcinan woiil(l,iii>der the drcumstances, ifjwi ipga ri nil his questtons." This declaration by Mr. Itcasn was regarded b/Demoerats as an unconscious tMtate to Mr. 8idsa<S integrity. It will be recoUecled that hi the XXXIst Congress it was ascertained that Wa. i. Baewa, then the Democratic candidate for HfcastST, had given pledges as to organization of some afihe Caaunlnees wliich resulted in his being imme- «ataly discarded by his Party.Smtn onknowing the reasons for his (^hlla Mr. Buaes waslaaached lUm and wMsperedTka Republicans took the alarm and called hastily*« •»*ar. The mysterious whisper was«a4eallBtoorderwereloaderstlU. Gen.Davisthen'ikad away under a suspicious gaze from the Re- Kentucky, the Adminlstiatioa men thtak of concen- VahUean side of the Halt Bis was to Hr. their elTorts on Mr. Piaaos as the best meansbieak up this Union of the Statescould be interpreted as a menace at the North. At have seen this their ancient adversary b.'oken, dis- stituta the Ckimralttee Ways Means,speaking somethingap-in his ear. The friends of Gen. PiXKCX areon and not forTnoHAs Paus a great man. He carried out inhis motto "The world Is and practice my country,10 do my religion." He sacrificed hisgood peraiKatiniertet for ids principles. He loved to work farGen. Davis;driven Into the support ofUaiooB, of New-York, in his rather uncalled-for the substantial triumph. He further said the Reput>- speech, but failed to Impress the House wi th the sin- licans and Abolitionists only dilfered as to the modeamidst threatsselous of the rectitude of their Intentions, firm in York, He had not the pleasure of acquaintance. f,ee—the declaration of the equality of the humancolleagues Friday. The after-one of extreme Interestvast crowd present, alter It was known that Rxtsolss, AnsAn snd Rises were ready to vote for PsansoroH.Moaais') coarse. It wa' day's practice, and ali our institutions should on the of to his constituents he had be bated on it. It .«hould be watebedfrontthought was too palpable. The day, altogether, was bv thechangedagainsttbe slow advocated processthe same time, if all our warnings were disregarded,He modera- urgedthe hope;almost an allies will yet have the Speaker.into seen some of them boundshould beThere isto-nightequalchance that the N.FromaThird Oorrespondent. WAsatseios. Monday, Jan. 30.States, they wouldand had lost the manly feeling of forbearance to their plause]juKgmrnt and warm sympathies, patriotism aadto this City in great numbers, pipelaying for the CharlestonHockingbut for the country, and that gentleman gave him no favorableM. B.the country fromitspresent*Ml--mtf: 9-tT t'.iiTlB *.?.:Tai'i cl«3C<NEW-YORK, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1880.whilehewillsofarregardthesnsomonsastoappear dertherulesoftheHousefromtltefloor, exceptem- AndIfIhadanyfavortoaskofthesefriends,itwould Mr,Riess-IhataBOtuowtgjjrof<'g%y%»the one from his own State. But betweka Mr.Pmsneios and an Antl-Lecompton Demociat, Mr.AnaAi!! declares his wlilingness yet to vote for thelatter. Thus,thelossofDaviswlUbecompensatedfor by the gain of AnaAta. The votes of Davis of In- Life af John Bmn, has also been sObpoenaed to ap- ted them to remain here others would claim the priv. by a distioguished German citizen of Wisconsin, in disna, Auzn and HouiAii, wotild give the DemocratsferringMr. Sam, of Virginia, also desired the ladles now on the floor to remain.thereby Speaker The House proceeded to vote.For Mr. Shito Scattcihig(N. C)Mr. Utatt is sustained by the best legal advice of Massachusetts and New-York.When the name of Mr. Labiaszi, of Wiseonsla,ASALTSIS OP IHlpear and testify ; but in a very spicy; and what might l>e called a very saucy letter, refuses to comply with the summons.liege. which the writer said be bad conversed with variousposed to Mr. PxssisoTos on one of their number— probably Mr. McCLi.sirAsn.After some preliminary discussion, Mr. Usnia-w««D, of Georgia, moved fliat the caucus proceed to raorrc^ for whoever may l>e supported by the Demo- weeks ago they adopted a resolution for the pre.Caroluia, (Am.,) .: •.Maine, Wells, Wilson, WiadsB, 'VMd, 'Mr. Baieaa, it is understood, will cast a vote to-proceed to another vote. tocky. Asbmore, Avery. Bsrksdale, Barr, Barrett, B6- Mr. SazaiiAji, evidenUy nof baring heard Mr. Wiits- ceck. BoDbsm, Boteler, Boliirnj, Boyeei BrSton,'award- ed their candieate—Mr. Snirn. In the event of noelection he will then vote for Mr. Ps:«:in«GTO!r.It is reported that Mr. Stallwobth, Democrat, is ex- pected here in to-morrow afternoon's Southern train.SENATE.WASBuaTO!!, Monday, Jan. 30, 1860.SunilryHr. JeBSBTO!!,petitionsArkansas, (Dem.,) presented a pe-tion.memorials andwerenand. MeOuOcheion,. McBae, MiVliersg,inMila,UsMcami,nard. K* ;)i*) MniilfjjT.Moore of Moore of Alsbsma. MorrU'dT DB^' Kenlnciy,roiB, Ne'son, Mblack, !« oell. Pendleton, Fsjtso. BkalfL Vtjot, Fugb, Quarlvg, P.egsn, Robinson oniUnsduSa?' fin. RuEt, Scott, Sickles Simons. SIngletea, Bmtb ofthat the Territories are the common property of tbe people of the United States, that Congress has power to pass all necessary laws for the Territories, that Itseveral gentlemen. tify himself with the Republican Party, he cast it in Mr.Abbmobi,ofSouthCarolina,yieldedtonoman thatdirection. [ApplauseontbeRepublicansideandao tothe inteiestsof free labor in them, and that the Com-cided in favor of the Soutli.Oppositioa to Slavery Isweekshis moralisaccomplished by Itepublicans, byground fidelity of a withdrawn his vote from itr, Siurn, After having with the ejeCongresslegislateas toprotectwhich the Constitudon is to be made the executioner of Slavery, or by the mode desired by the Atxjiitlonists. He was not prepared to decide in advance what contingency would justify the dissolution of the Union. It was too momentous a question to t>e hastily determined. If our appeals are disregarded, and our warnings met with derision, and we be compelled to seek independence, our antece- dent action should be marked with prudence. He would have no words uttered by SDUthem men whichjealousofindependence.here,openthe subject until 1The Senate went into Executive Session, and sub-adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.Wasbiboioh, Monday, Jan. 38.their sires in the times that tried men's The portrait of Piirn had t>een refused aPhltadel-o'clock not a seat was to be had. Crowdstuuniversalspeciallyand corps, with the exception of the front tier, were occu-appeared tryha rrndent thinking,eniorceaieat of tba Idaa of IMembers and others were gtUhered in roups on tbe floor.personal Interest goodproclaimed here a few days ago, and I have alwaysHe (Rigos) was a popular sovereignty man, supposedHe couldTbohas the champion oftoast, FAcia as tba true phUantfaiogistandgenerous supportlow, claimedhisbe accorded him, he made a motion similar to that of Mr.WiBBiow. Laughtersucceeded.and elect him.\iif tw* and Mr. Smith foar votes. Both parties now So stand the parties for. the night Mr. IiAbabsz mittee on Territories be instructed to insert a clausecttMBCaeed a system of dramming, bat withouteiket. TheDemocratsurgedMessrs.Ditis,ofIndi-ana, AixsH and Hoihax, to come to the rescue, andhgiMkcy iamt to, Mr. Baioss promlied to Tote with from a Southern Senator, vras a private letter from Senate upon the "Irrepressible Conflict" He read Mr. AsBBOBZ Insisted on the enforcement of the Mr. PiBSiKGTOs, as guilty of infamous con- tures of the celebration, does not appear. PaasiMyMta saA sxl the contest Mr. Holkah yielded, but Senator CusaiiAii, who declares that his language the resolutions of tbe Tennessee Legislature de- rule. Unless those unprivileged persons were ex- duct. His own position he had stated, and be may have been initiated In the mysteries of tta*MMtteitwowereintractable. ThustheDemocrat-was tortured and perverted to serve the purposes of nouncing the " Inepressible Conflict " doctrine ascluded the House was here as a mob. If the ladies bad so acted until Friday morning at 10 o'clock. He jolly cheat and jig, the voluptuous waltz, the invlg-will likely be the Democratic candidate to-morrow.House being proceeded with until all outsiders were party pledge, but he anticipated tbe time would come with tbe accustomed ball and supper at tbe City As-ASOCTBXnNIKDOBSUlOfTBSBIBAtD. The letter quoted in the Herald a few days sinesin the bills organizing Territories prohibiting Slavery therein.excluded from the floor.The Clerk replied that it was not in the power ofwhen he could vote for Mr. PsKuntoios. (Ap- plause from (be Republican side.] He accused those who had voted for Mr. Shith, and tlien changed tosembly Rooms last evening.Whether tbe renowned free-thinker was atoat rethe HtraU in its controversy with Mr. Pstob.tbe Thursday orsting schottische, the everlasting quadrille, tbe en- previous, tliat if Mr. Adxaih and Mr. RinoB would ticing mazurka, tbe seducing Spanish dance, or the unite with him they would present Mr. PsxsisaTox intiicate Lancers, Or, bis Age of Reason may have The Clerk said he liad no power over tbe Door- as a candidate for Speaker, and show to tbe Re- taken delight in tbe ill-cooked oysters, the v«oerabt»threatening the existence of the Union. The lan- guage of the resolutions was severe, and comingfl|uf thought erery lerer possible to bear on Mr. In noticing the withdrawal of votes from Mr. Sarra, from one of the most conservative States, particular-SsTts, of Maryland, and many consultations were op Friday, Mr. McPueksoh'b name was improperly ly significant He attacked Mr, SswAan's theory, andi()icf» •*** spoiled for the time being. The Repub- A COBAtCTIOV.[Applause in the galleries.]Mr. NiCHoi80», of Tennessee, (Dem.,) addressed tbeany member to arrest the call.memliered in the terpsichorean or gasbtmoaaie fea-sndof tbe Union. He contended that there was no such conflict between slave and free labor as was claimed by the Senator from New-sections,may yetcause tbe destructionday—as be had repeatedly said—but Mr. Adbaiit notconcurring in the policy of his suggestion, he met with his Aiuerican friends in caucus on Friday, and there committed bimself to their action, in unani- mously presenting Mr, Sbitb, of North Carolina, as their candidate for Speaker. However, tbe result on— North, as everywhere elseobjectedwith Slave iab:>r.tifytbe Americanthem to stand well at borne with that portion of theirand of Church and State. fraud deceptionexpressed"nothing,he,otherwise loae tbaployes actaally engaged in the hail.Mr. CLXims,of Virilnia, asked Mr. DAvinso:< to ex-be that with unbroken columns, with unfalteringfront and unbroken line, every man ef them shoaldmere suspicion. tt\'."tbe Black Repoblicans. pulsion by the Doorkeeper, but It was too late to This reading was received with laughter aad cries ofV wards. SUiott. Klv, rsmsworth, ronton,'Judge Shaliiv is now in Charleston, making ar-isigcments for the meeting of tbe Natioaal Demo- exclude the ladies now, as they had been invited "Good."Curtb, 1/awes, Deomo, Saell, Dunn,Mr. Oux, of New-York, remindedgentlementliat» Pennington, New;-Jersey,(Rep.,)ng115113' WathbumofVan ofWlsconsin,Washbanie.e(IlikMk'.Mr. KiLGoas, ol privileged to the floor.was forall excluding not232Ma>;k,nd. Ha>rie of Bardenan,Virginia, Bst'on, HawaiaB,aB,.Mr. CocaaASi,pair to Mr. Stallwoxtb.tbe achievements of Paob. In tbe (tiTlce of the naUun, and his assoetatloa witbIndiana,Mr. CsAiox, of North Carolina, amid the confu- sion, moved a call of the House.Mr. LiAKi, of Ohio—If you will exclude the la- dles I will vote against the resolution.make the latter mad.After further conversation, Mr, SiAJtrox offered aLamar, I.andnmi^XarA^e, LiBaeh'of to exclude all not entitled to the privilege of the floor. He had as much gallantry as Mr. CocBXABS, but if the doors were thrown open to The HaU was already crowded, and to admit a part of the ladles would t>e dealing imjustly toward tbe re- mainder of them. To favor the former would onlyall It would be impossible to transact business.cratic side intended resorting to tics to prevent an election.parliamentarytac-Vetgrs. Holman and Rtnrs.the wives and daughters of others would claiih a similar courtesy.had made an advance to Mr. Anxuti onnow en the floor be not excluded,saidsomethingamid the con-for five minutes' and let the floor bo cleared. Then Friday tbe Doorkeeper could distinguish as they severallyleturned who were members.everyby surprise,Mr. Bsicos, otNew-York, saw no necessity for sucha course. If all the members take their seals it could [Applause on the Democratic side.]1 was first honored by the votes of a large plurality ofmy feUow members, for the highoffice of of Speakercontingent obligation.tiave adhered to their choice with a fidelity which has won my devothisHouse. Sincethattimetheywritten agiecmentiireventmajority the udv'entof a noble man. But lor him life would b« but.threatsofdisunion—proclaiming publican,if a Re- cratic side] Mr. Moaais remarked that the Demo- it could not annihilate principles. [ApplauseJ Wepersed and disorganized:the benefit of Pennsylvania exclusively, and satisfactory declaration on tbe subjectand Mr. Clerk, I should regret extremely, and I believe Itwas electeda gentleman whoMr. Fiica, of Indiana, (Dem.,) moved te postpone would be a national calamity, to have any one Good," That .was right" right."be was in favortion on the partof a preservation of the Union.in avowed opposillon to their organization.disorganization,to set the biunaa laea The gentleman had Impugned bis motives without race. That principle must be cat^ied mto, everyfrag-sequentlyThe galleries were more densely crowdedseem equally a fatally mistaken policy to trust tbeat any former period during By that was soimding the bugle of retreat msn for the Sabbath. But let them all do tMrmhave the powers of this House pass, directly orMr.tlian would seem to me to be a fatal mistake and It would Republican side. ;and others,trol of any gentlemen wtio liave proclaimed that in He should stand by the Interests of his Sute, If that^aty freedom, andHMMMividual towould have every man sacilfice ail private feelingfeeling, and I(depracatlac the^wniw strangers have arrived since Saturday, to more votes tlian I could,! would retire from the not vote for Mr. Shitb, because he (SMrra) was in leligionB as well as for clvU freedom.Manywitness the proceedings consequent upon the electionsniGios, beUeving his colleague would elected, but to come to the deliverance of made upon another gentleman to give tiim finding that bis vote did not effect that rasult and toexcitement and danger, a greater number of votes than I can re- put andtorenewtheb<mdofconfidencewhichformerly ceive myself,—a combination by those outside forJlr.McClebsanb,InaThe Clsrk stated the question to be on the motion Clerk, I respectfully withdraw my name as a candi- asked Hr. Riaos whether he was authorized to make in Ibe Rue St Honore, The,- actor feU vtolea^toBouse, and be elected of tUs House. E°' if '• F"""',".""n^Fot Mr. Pennmglan: Messrs. »daas tf Msilliilia setts, Adr«ln Aiorich, Alley. Asbter. BWMlZl&ilh.. Mr. TALLAniaBAB, of Ohio, said that if persons of bis coDstitoenIs, who advised htm to vote for any Bigham, Blair. Blake, BraStoo, BwiSmu II^S.HofwaihbnmeWyck, Tenee, waa«,is«For Mr.For Mr, Allen, of Ohio, (Dem,)Davis,ofIndiana, (Ind.)Martin of Martin ofMr. HocBTOB, of Alabama, (Dem.,) did not under- stand that any one on that side wished to do such a thing.friends of Mr. Shitb would havebrateapostle o( libcrtv, Thuhab Paise.placedwUiing, in a spirit of magnanimity, to pair off with him in the Cbalr. He bad stated In the caucus as he brief aUusIon to the works of Tbohas Pacts, remarkingways extended to him by the Republican side, wascipatedwas no reasonable hope of electing liim.as thelibtral minded pbiiantbroplst. The world vraa Itocountry-to doPai>e from the charges againstand rejoiced at what be considered the ineresaiB( lecognitlon of his services. His speech iras u»-MisEbihstwsL.Robs,onrisingtoraapoadtatbatta'Tbohab Paeis, It was a moat [Applause.]a differentMr. PsKSisoTon or Mr, Coawni, afterwouldoccupyposition,:.greeted by the Republicans.was received with tempestuooa aj>- second toast, oaMcries of " Announce the vote,"their constituents. They have stood here undismayed Mr. Moasis, of Pennsylvania, did not want a per- moie to celebiate that great event m history,cupied an ciiuivocal position on the subject of protec-Por-forbyMr. " " "' ~publicans that by withdrawing SBiaxAic, and cast-ing their votes for Pen:.dioto5, tjiey cotild elect him.He never could cast his vote for Mr. SEiaMAS, for the We are left in thereasons which had l>een presented in Ibe In House,memory.mistyvagueto which Mr. Gassett there should be connection with the Helper book. He could have repliedonestill, ha' there not been treachery and duplicity ontooktbouRb he did not anticipate Mr. Smith's election, thathere. Mr. MoXEis,of Pernsylvana, (Independent) indig.The House was called, and the only absentees re- nantly rose to interrupt Mr. Baicss and ask aqaes- Mr, Thomas Paise was not remembered with grati-daneing- Democrats, who, in turn, were called to order by the being half concluded, supper came next and at theBaows,tude,came the1. TieDayireCcf<*ra(e—Thebirthdayofthefriendtothis. Amongotherrea- sons, Mr. SiAUwoata has never been here.andit showed,al-to makeof C. B. Coca tion, .when he was loudly called to order by tae the fault did not lie with them. Ttieprivilegedpainsquestion,you repliedp*jrs)nalmean that in a?euse ?that be did not. bu-in an—Thomas Fame The world's champion ofdvHParty,that he had on a former occasion paired with Johh constituents who, in the language of Gen, Scon, had facts, is the only foundation for the glorious super-necessaryforfor saidCries from the Democratic side of Good,'. spirit and the pride that actuates my labors." He had" "That wasMr. Moaais, resuming, said—Yes, it might be rightBaskspau, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) rose to ask a question, but was loudly called to order from theBut,Dem.,) said that in casting his vote for Mr. PE!i!n»oio.><,Mr.RiGGS,ofNow-Jarsey,tliat his vole would elect his colleague.by Congressional Otherthat that time has law. He repeated that he cast his vote for Mr. Pss- resumed the dance. Tbe festivities lasted until lai»on Friday, to proceed to a date, and in doing so, Mr. Clerk, allow me to return tbe statement that Mr, Shub (for whom Hr. Class lova, tmseen. with the person for whomUntitled Documentconnected,notby party ties,but the far high- bylarlty, and now M/Roger rather night'•fcr of bisb«nd,snd-wM aecepted.8tr«iton. Trinibl>,;y'sn<iever,PRICE TWO crarrs.Tappao, Ihsyer. Tbesker, .,of Visionri.Crawford.Curry,Dtvidtoo.rarlsafKwry^not Mr. Paisi was a vigorous dancer, and eater ofhis followers were on this occasioo—'late suppers,wbich is, perhaps,the present report About three hundred tiekete were' issued, and although there were not quite so many attendants, those who did come seemed determined to make the most of tbe occasion. Tbe mode was' excellent, and the twenty dances would have suSe«d'^to satiate the most ardent devotee of tlie light fan-tastic," &c.The Committee, Messrs. W. E. Rose, G. Wade, OC. Hull, and Dr. H. J. Henninger, took partleularmoreimportantfor thepurposes oftowbirther puliiical, social or ecclesiastical, is a erimepillars oi this Kepublii:;any attemptsuppresshis noble schievemcnt, destinedby inof this tion. He, to assure himself, asked 3Ir. Smitu if he fqualiiy. The mon glorious epoch history wasalules for the organization of was elected how he would constitute the Committeetoprescribing the Demo- a blank. He propelled tbe car of progress, and hisaHouse fromtills House. They have heard others proclaiming onWajsand Means, [Interruptions .on labors were not K'St. Tyranny mi(ht crush men,tliat if ashould be elected President of the United crats were indulgent only to their own friends, and knew noman,tear down this fairfabric,and now they peers. He had asked Mr. Shith how he would con. beDevolence, made a great man, then waslover. Every selfish coo- siiieratiop, every (iistiniuon ol sex, country or color,truer nature than TbohasPaiks. tAp-.If indomitable Intellect scHmd' courage.andin public opinion which brandei) bis memory ai«i>ly because he loved humante, anl fenxfat for mental-''' www.fultonhistory.com 