 —NEW YORK HERALD.J A M E S O O R p O I B B I 1 I T T , EJHTORANDffltOPHSTOR.Scur DECEPTIONncuML-Mr. HaskiB does not like to be called n republican, and insists, o a the floor of Con- gress, that heshallbeconsideredundersome Other political classification.He is not Alone in this respect There are a number of other members elect to CongressKKWBTSCBC WAttWIiy'JWif.avvtci K. W. eosxsa or SASSAC A>D nrtToit m I bass Mfju private terms Freights were steely, wtth s fair Assount offering for London And Liverpool For th*gress ofParia And the beauty of all thb is that they believe, or affect to believe, that theyVotaanetlsame time he mAintalned the sovereignty of theaUterpartabout$,A0Obbis.flourwere ©agAteiatla.31. Pope. Thisparadoxhasexercisedtheingenui- areplayingavoluntaryandindependent part, whoinsistuponAdheringtocertainbrokenupffrifitrtrofthel «SN^/S.V\s%/^^AAA'%^'>AA* w^.AMUSEMKMT8 THIS BYftBINQ,but none has explained the mystery. In his manifesto, which we published on Monday—the Dictator of Europe, who Is as great a eon-BCWBRY THSATSB. Sogery —Bovs ABB Chats or UAt—WouAM't Wauaasidered as whigs, and two or three who, like Mr. Hasrfn, wish t o b e considered a s anti- Lecompton men. A ll of these forget that the issues brought o p b y the Know Nothings, those upon which the whigs stood years ago, aad theWINTER OAKDBB, Broadway, OOIOBOO*.Baalportations of champsgne aiooe reached about 17S,0O9 the werld—he is himself the first to solve his bAskets, of 12 boUles each—the value of which, estimttM own enigma. This document is not signed byOar Special Washington Despatrh.. WlSBBOTOS, JAB, 1 1 , ]TwoballoUto-dAy.AndHAmiltonfeUfromi the bAllot of Monday, to eighty-one,dtarlom At t h e fwwtAi.In another page we publish a statement THSATSB FBAJfCAA, B* Broadway.-!* ttuk KA. which Appeared yesterday in the leading incen-BBW BOWBBY THKATBB, IBLM—HiHT UCBBBAB..—Loan or rannut.BARHPM'fl AHBBIOAN BUSETTM.—After Irishman named Crangale, A dry goods clerk, After residing two or three years at the South,which has been marked by such a wilful andMB —A Kfeidiuc- t u n BorsBBT AHTS* MINBTRBLB. MBslaalaa' Ball. « J Broadway-the heart of his mystery or anravel hia design. That this purpose was in his mind from thibeginning, is not only apparent from the in-ternal evidence of bis oracular addresses andresponses when in Italy, but from events and as to their insecurity, and before the machi-greatness of the new question on which theyvote nearly every day. That question, andthe only one before Congress and the countrylive man, me lergest ssavefaetder st thepretext that some ef the seosie'l party of 1and Mew Jersey voted for turn, and that he Is damaged,** istbe AOStsSSSSSI of She a—osrasi sSBSSAShones, DABCBS, Ac.—DABOB A M f r a u iand even holding a public office, WAS seized AtTh« Mews.afterwards redeem himself from affiliation with er of the House, was uucen as an tadicsttOB that Ifthe doctrines he has recommended and en- settlement came to him be would vote for Mr. Again, in nominating Mr. Etheridge, Mr. Clark saidAnd others, with a capital of $800,000, but soon after the panic of 1857 it passed into the bands of Messrs.DavidNevina andGeoige Howe,Whopur- chased, it for $300,000.The proceedings of Congress yesterday, thoughinteresting to politicians, present no feature of against him by the defendants in the suit, in general importance. In the Senate, Messrs. Green order to evade the payment of the judgment and Pugh discussed the squatter sovereignty ques- debt.tion, while the House consumed the day in windy Now, whether this part of his story is true ordisputatious, and in unsuccessful baUotttnga for a not makes no difference. The main part of It Speaker.This anecdote, which webe Speaker himself.Mr. Sherman's friends all returned to him to-day, andhe bad his relative vote, lacking three of an election. They will adhere to him to the last, unless it is ascertained that Mr. Hickman can secure three votes more than Mr. Sher-Among our Washington despatches may be found a full list of the appointments recently con- firmed by the Senate.is probably true; and whether he is an emis- sary o f abolitionism i s o f small importance, though we must confess that his coming withwith Swiss for his bodyguard, nor even his owncan have leas extenuation offered for i tWe are thus earnest in our denunciations ofcaused by the destmctieB of the Quarantine build-ings. In Committee of the Whole the Governor'smessage was discussed. Quite a number of bills dice can be instantly excited against any were introduced in the Mouse, among them a Pro Northern man, or even any Southern man, if Rata Freight bill, and Abill to legalize the action of he has not been born at (he South, thatB&. i « c for new yell >w Jeraey, n-» "^oitVm d> \t ate. aSTe.,and watte Jersey And Sonihwi at s:c. A STC. Park was heavy sad easier, wtthsites of mess at $1012^ ASUS,and prime AttU §2XA$11TO.Sugarsw«r« quiet But firm sales of 400 a sue hhds. Caba w,-r# made at fuu prices. Coffee WASfirm, wtth ssies of 1/weKapoleoit's Riddle Solved b y Himself. ,ing hanged, And finally WASbanished the puce, after the expenses of his arrest and imprison- ment were paid for him by his counsel. He now comes back to the North And reports him-circumstances which occurred after his return •o France. One of these is the following:—About three monthsago Senator Seward, who was making the tour of Europe, called on thenery was put into them we are told that the walls spread to such an extent that about twenty-two tons of iron plates had to be insert^ ed to save them from falling by their ownaidered the last struggle of the domorrary to obtam • Speaker.NEW YOKK HERALD,, IffKEBDAX, .WV4&Y IVjggg;at the South; it shows that such a preju- age, and is himself its foremost representativethe New York Common Council in regard to thegrading of Fifty-fourth street, between Sixth andSeventh avenues. Notice was given of bills for rail, or hanged by the neck to thefirsttree till more than a thousand years Ago, is now vir- railroads through Grand street and avenue D.The State Senate yesterday confirmed the nomi-natioa of William Barnes As Superintendent of thebe is dead, If be does not make his speedy exit tually taken away by his heir, the modern in obedience to the "popular sovereignty," or Charlemagne, in the interest of the same civili-the orders of a vigilance committee. In all the zation. The church which persecuted Galileo for asserting that the world moved, must nowInsurance Department.Our despatches from Albany announce that at } Southern cities, and particularly in Augusta,itself move with the world, and henceforththough perfectly innocent of abolitionism, he may be tarred and feathered, sent riding on aCharlemagne, in the interest of civilization,human life, ever occurs at the South. There the lives end comforts of the colored operatives are sacredly cared for, while fat the manufac- turing towns of the North the poor white ope- ratives Are ruthlessly exposed to dangers and misfortunes o f a l l kinds. T h e stockholders o f our Northern manufacturing companies haveMr. Winslow got those of Messrs. Bimmick aad MaaUy. Mr. Davis of Mtoatastppi voted for Mr. Bocock. Mi. Clark of New York tor Mr. Adrian, aad Mr. Adrian for Mr. Bey-IHE asarnanorn or rax PTGH rAjoxt.The Pugh family have demonstrated to the country ia both houses to-day. In the Senate Ohio Pugb was against dissolution and for Douglas. The House Alaba-the request of the Counsel to the Corporation, all citizens of Irish birth abound, and it is notoriousproceedings relative to the sale of the West Wash- that no class of native citizens are more at- rule by opinion and in the hearts of men, in- but too generally consulted at the expense of ington Market property have been stayed for the tached to the institutions of the South, or more stead of by physical force. It will still be a safety.present. Mr. Bronson will no doubt keep a sharp loyal to the Union and the constitution, than great moral Power, a conservator of law and There is but one remedy for this state ofma Pugh was in favor of dissolution and against Doug' no consideration for their operatives except to las. Douglas has a record for both. When he was fight' get the most work they can out of them; and tag Leoompton be was bitter in his denunciations of the tbey care not whether they are hurried to a fire eaters, who were avowed dissolutiooiste. Now be iseveonthislittleschemeofsellingthemarketpro- theIrish. Yetevenagainstsomeofthemis order,anagentofcivilization,butpresenting things. Wemayindictandpunishproperty perty, worth a million dollars, for a quarter of that suspicion now excited; and all this is owing to a new phase to the world. Its legitimate in- owners for their sins of omission, but it willsum. John Brown's raid and to Helpers "Impending fluence will be increased, instead of being not place us in any greater condition of secu- The Board of Education organized for the pre- Crisis'' being So extensively endorsed at the lessened, and the scandal, the stumbling block, rity. Accidents like that which has just takencourting the loudest dissolutionists, to secure the Cbaries ton nomination.sentyear,lastevening,bythe electionof Wm.K. of twoPopes in one;a temporalprinceop- Curtis for President, and the re-election of Thoa. North.place at Lawrence are not of daily occurrence,JIDCB DOCGLA8' POfirnOS.I learn from a private source that Judge Dougtas in- tends to reply, in a day or two, to Senator Green, who, in discussing Douglas' record, has made the exact points to which Douglas desires to reply in paving his way torecently Southgarded as an efficient officer of the Board. The pressing any sympathy with the anti-slavery standing committees elected by the Board were sentiment Nor is this extreme course to be then ballotted for, and the names of those elected ascribed to the planters or slaveholders. It ismay be found in our report. The Bible question the action of the non-slaveholding white popu- came up immediately after the organization, in aresolution offered by Mr.Waterbury to pay the lation, which Helper pretends is hostile tobad example to other princes—a spiritual ruler, whose loity mission it is to denouncethe sake of sparing the expense, will willinglywillingness to swallow whatever the Southern fire-eaters may demand of him.unpaid teachers, but after considerable cross firingthe Board adjourned, after a close contest, without the only friends of two ostracised teachers, and having accomplished anything in regard to that protested against their banishment in a strong renowned difficulty.to be wrought in the Catholic Church by the is owing to the stringency of inspection whichfar seeing mind of Napoleon. The political revolution which he has accomplished in Europe is equally wonderful.An apparently well organized band of counter- feiters attempted last evening to pass a large quantity of what purported to be two dollar bills of the Kent Bank of LudiagtonvOle, New York, uponshopkeepersinvariousparteofthecity. The police authorities, however, received intelligence of the designs of the counterfeiters, end laid theirtraps with such skill that during the evening seven persons were captured while endeavoring to pass t he worthless pAper.In the Court of Oyer and Terminer yesterday, Judge Ingrabam granted the motion to remit the CAM of Jamea Sheppard, the incendiary, to the Court of Sessions for trial.The Commissioners o f Emigration held their [meeting yesterday, but no business coming i, they adjourned. The number of emi-i lAnded m the city since the last weekly re- 1873. l a s overdraft Against the Commis-j to »10^85 16.The North Star arrived here yesterday eveningfrom Aspmwall, .with th» mads and passengers trom Calitornia, Shsaafled on the 4th hut, and brings some newt items and shipping reports latertheattMsAeoeived by the Atlantic. OurBssbadoeacorrespondent,dating AtBridgegularly appointed public officer, whose duty it is to watch over and report to the magistrates every violation of the laws in regard to such matters. No building can be commenced or prosecuted through its different stages without notice being formally served upon the inspec- tor by the owner. The duties entrusted to our Fire Wardens correspond somewhat t o those o f this officer, but only to a small extent. The former examine buildings merely in reference to the precautions necessary to secure them against fire, whereas the latter is called upon to see that provisions are made against everyare well cared for in-their helpless youth, wellfed and clothed, and their health scrupulouslyattended to in their maturity, and kindly nou-rished in their old age and decrepitude, thusof honorary membership. An address will be delivered to-morrow by Mr. Kennedy, Sui*rintendent of the Cen- sus, oa Agricultural Statistics.cranoanns ABOUT THX row osnes DSPARraumr. Letters are daily received here, by members of Con- gress aad others, from various sections of the country,throne of France and compelling the sovereignsof Europe to Acknowledge his title. H e has rope has been puzzling Iteelf trjing to aojve further torn the treaty of Vienna to pleoewOB^LMos:<>- rOBSOLBTBPoia-pence of VUlAfranca appeared* to have only half settled, but had fully settled in the depths ef the astute mind of Napoleon m. He designedly leftthe liberty of the Italians in abeyance, that he might be assailed by the English journals and English statesmen for not going far enough, thoughnoneofthemhasbeenabletoshow how he could go any further without risking the fortunes of France, and a general European war. While they Indulged from dny to dAy industryworthyofBbettercause.Beforenextwereunconsciouslypreparingthewayfortheworninthemforwantofrepair.TetneverwasTl#markstforbeefcattleyesterdayWASvery 'Prlng,alltheCentralStateswillbeflooded fulldevelopmentofhisdesign;andnowthe thecitymulctedbysuchanamountoftaxation. with abolhien documents. In the meantime very papers which attacked him with the moat It seems that it is in the inverse proportion oftown OB the lata, on says:—The canes Are under•vigorousgrowth,Andrequirerainforsixweeks,K t t e j i e t whkh, under the preseBt favorableprospects, the crop will be a very Urge ose. ThepsissBng of tne next year's crop has commencedpzAtorBlseategauspices.Sags,ship*arebegin- oneofthesamestripeofpolitics.Itispartof njngto arrive from Europe. There bare been their plan, that while the circulation of their •Wt^BJtt^Aiji*; the United States with bread-schemes and jobs which are to be brought be- foreitduringthepresentsession,wethinkthe passage of a new building act and the appoint- mentofinspectors*aremattersthatoughtto c aim some small share of its attention.everH'f*.• l i s , redat5}cto5Jc. Thereforever. They are as drunken men, gorged the Italian war. The whole public opinion ofto the subject, and hope he will bring the mat- ter before the Common Council. Allthestreeta ought to be paved like Broadway, with square blocksofstone,tiketheRosaorBelgianpave- ment. This durable work would be the cheap- est in the end. besides giving us constantly good streets, instead of having them, as theyma, Weukegan, ItL; J. Ryan, Deoatar, ill; aVOreaa, Gal-offences, and, the rest of the State joining him, latin, m.; H. M Walker, Detroit. Mich.Also, W. F. Preason, Collector of Yorktowa, Va,, andthe city capitulated at once on honorable H. Hancock, OoUector of San Diego, Cat terms. We hope this result is the beginning ofx»ont «f theremitting vigor, their leaders in Congress shall| be utterly silent. Their committee hat the their vituperation of him, and clamored for Ita-documents is increased and kept up with un-CONDITION OF I H « STREETS.—Scarcely werethistreets,atanytimehithehistoryofNew York, in A more deplorable condition than they are just now, with the exception of Broadway and one or two other leading thoroughfares. Many of the side streets, through which, ef course, vehicles have t o pass, AS well as Broad-tributed greatly to that result During the re- cent troubles between the Confederation, of which he hi President, and Buenos Ayres, he cordially accepted the proposed mediation of our Minister, Mr. Yancy, but the blind animo- sityoftheBuenosAyresCommissionerspre-Wright, of Maryland, to Santos.The following Surveyors were ooufirmed >-J. A. Austin,Providence, B. I ; F. Stuart, Columbus, Ky.; W. J. War- den, Troy, N. Y.; J. Depour, 8V Marys, Ga.; R. W. Davta, Detroit, Mich.; C W. Tibbata, Erie, Pa._m*B*i*tMM * "I.BB4bAT%NBd,H7$A worktodo,andisdoingitwithftdegreeofin- lianfreedom,forwhichtheyoarednothing,they way,arenearlyimpassablefromimmensepitsFloat,* 94;Atoo the following:—A. B Greenwood, Commissioner Of Indian Afiairs; E. B. Geary, Superintended of Indian ventedasettlementAftertheforcingofthe AfiairstaOregonandWaahingtonTmrttoriea;&& passageofMartinGarciabyhisfleet,Itwas Schoooover,ofFens.,IndianAgent,UpperMissouriAgen- evident on which aide the preponderance laid, ey; 8. V. Kendrick. of Mtos., Indian Agent for New Mexico; D. Bewcomb, Indian Agent for Oregon; W. B. Moore, In-at full prices. Veals were the democrats hereabouts ufi doing nothing. « i lambs were ] They Are enjoying the federal and municipalhitter malignity age compelled to express theirwhat the citizens of New York pay for their gov- ernment that they are remuserated b y publicand the victory of Cepeda ended the war. Urquiza marched a t once upon Buenos A yres,dian Agent for the Omaha aganiy.The ioilowing Poatmastera were confirmed:—J. John-Ever since the peace of VlUafranca all Eat.. am -,,.it •*%.<:#fjjg^theenigmaofLouisNapoleon,Inwhichheaa- nounced that he was resolved to male m i »free, from the Alps to the Adriatic, while At thetheplainsofItaly,andbewillcompelthe**> acknowledge the validity of that act in the Con-iatheeeute.a 2a. By a table rirta is Another ooluau, it will he sees ty of the whole British press, from the Tim* to when they ere all mere pappets in the naadf ofpolitical organizations, and clinging to somethat the Importations of foreign wines and liquors in tS5$largely exceeded those in the two precedisg years. Thiarticles imported also bore higher prices than utoal. Thetable Is calculated to astonish tempersoes peapU Tae im- one of the ablest political papers ever given to TH* F r i g h t f u l Mavssstcre svt L s w r e a e e -old and obsolete ideas.Sack are the membersl\mch,| queror in diplomacy as was his uncle in arms. who claim to belong to the American or Know wi tr Nothing party, a few who aspire to be con-Ins«r urlty erf Modern Architecture. The fearful catastrophe which has just oc- curred in Massachusetts, and by which two hundred people have lost their lives, brings u p again the necessity of energetic legislation to whole plAn of the Emperor was foreshadowed. insure security in the construction of buildings The first manifesto is known to be from hia in- Out of the many cases of recklessness in this spiration—the second is evidently from the regard to which we here bad occasion to trace diary print of the North, showing how an same source, for no other man could penetrate similar casualties, we do not recollect oneai the lowfigureof SI per bottle, would amount to the large sum of S2,100,000.his name, but it is written by the same handwhich penned the pamphlet "Itely And Napo- More o f t n e Kfloeis o f MswtlAecm Istcen- leon IIL" before the ItoliAn WAT,4B which thequestion of the Leoompton constitution, have seventy aVe. Under the effect of AsUrrsAg aeeeel to too all been swept down by the inexorable scythe South Americans by Mr. Harris, of Marylaad, thej in- of time. They do not seem tone capable of ternes' tetbeir Brat love, Mr. Guasor, aad say they wslrealizing the true position of affairs in which sever again attempt to help A pandate their own vote en one of ftsef/t they are mingling, nor to comprehend the declare that tbey sever will rote for a iAugusta, Georgia, by the Vigilance Committee, H SOBOB, DAIW», a—1 aesopa, An—Man. DAT*! thrown Into prison, tried, narrowly escaped be-VTBLO*8 SALOOB. Broadway - O N , CIHRT'I HM iv fAA«CAM*roeIBB* .••';rOLTTBOSBTO IKBTITUTB, Brooklyn.—DB*rtOB's PAB- J/>« OraaAa—SBSOB Uunau.PLYMOUTH CHl'BCa, Buookiyn.—Ds. SOVBDBB'S Lac- TUKA OJI THS Attmrrma ABD JtoaeiBai o» HIHPOBTAX.NBWABK THKATBB, Kewarfc.-Woon'i MinrAHJ or i •ocas. DAMN, An—PATH Firm ParrtK PODOIwhich, in the present temper of the public mind Ou the first page of to-day's HSBALD we publish at the South, amounts to the same thing. Cran- complete deuils of the1 terrible catastrophe that gale himself protested his innocence, and de-st this moment, is whether the constitution orAbolition shall prevail Their own acts and votes Mr. Gilmer. The effort made to elect Hamilton ta COBself at the head treason shop in Spruce street, Emperor, who happened to be at Compiegne. weight What is to be thought of the humanityfrom the ranks of the anti LecomptooJteaMr. atbaridge, Mr. Clark said be oould aGilmer because the latter voted **• the Bngttsh Am. wtth another remark of Mr. Clark's, teat it •New Y ork.It Appears that the man was either an aboli-tion propagandist, or suspected of being one,The Senator was shown into a n ante chamber , and Napoleon soon made his appearance. After the usual salutation, and taking his position, standing with his back to the fire, he offered the Senator a segar, and commenced smoking another himself. He asked him all about Newand prudence of men who, with such facts staring them in the face, persisted in devoting this shakey structure to its intended purpose, and crowding into it close upon a thousand human beings. They must have known, from the precautions which i t was found necessaryJ to adopt, the full extent of the risk and respon- sibility which they incurred. H a d they been men of the least heart or conscience, the judg- ment of no single architect, nor of half a dozen architects, could have induced them to expose thelivesoftheirfellowcreaturestosuchhazards. They would have reflected that scientific opi Dions are often fallible, and that there was suf- ficient in the circumstances of the case toIn the present struggle no man can votewith the republicans for Mr. Sherman, and that a Leoomptoa democrat could sever be elected Ihappened at Lawrence, Mass.,on Taaaday evening. clared that he came to Augusta from Columbia, York and Colonel Webb, and then asked himbe d i i dorsed. H e has not purged himself of the so because Etheridge voted against the Kansas-Nebraska biP incendiary and revolutionary teachings of the and the repeal of the Missouri compromise. This expres- Helper book. That book, with his endorse- sion created a sensation, from the fact that Mr. Clark pro- fesses to be a warm friend and supporter of Mr. Doegias,It w stated that the Pemberton Mills, a brick build- ing, covering an acre audi a half of ground, and five stories in height, while in full operation, crura-, bled to the earth, burying in its ruina nearly eightin South Carolina, for-no other purpose than to about his visit to Europe, and whom and what collect a judgment against his employers, he saw. Mr. Seward, among other objects of Messrs. Gray A Turley, dry goods merchants, interest, said he had seen the Pope. " Oh, yes, having establishments in both cities. He was the Pope," responded Napoleon; "tell meall about him. What do you think of the Pope?" The New York Senator hesitated a moment; but notwithstanding his characteristic caution, the Emperor wormedment to it, and that of thirty-nine other mem- bers elect of the present Congress, is beinghundred human beings. To add to the horror ofthedisaster,whileeveryeffortwasbeingmadeto engagedbythisfirmattheNorth,andthe aathor of that measure. Mr. dark's course has tsadehim almost the laughing stock of tbeBeaw, and tt • fre- widelycirculatedbytherepublicanpartyin quentlyremarkedthatbeappearstatheattitudeofa the Central and Western States. The republi- man attempting to ride two horses going hi op- can journals rejoice in its being advertised by posite directions. The common gossip ta and oatCongress, the demagogical leaders adhere to of the House to that Mr. Clark's father ta lawextricate the sufferers frem the ruins, the mass ofrubbi«h took fire, and the poor victims were literal- employed in the house at Augusta, andly roasted alive. It is' estimated that 115 persona then at the house in Columbia, where axe dead and missing, And that 165 have been they dismissed him. He brought an action for saved, the recovered being shockingly mutilated, salary or breach of engagement, and was suc- buttheextentoftheloaaoflifecannotyetbecor- cessful. But,ashealleges,hecouldnotget rectly ascertained. The Pemberton factory was any of the authorities to levy the judgment. started in 1854 by John vowell, Samuel Lawrence,its teachings and still endorse them, and thehas large mail contracts, and it is supposed thatinduced to go South, and at first wasout his opinion, and Seward said, "I confess I justify a continued distrust of the building,he is influenced thereby in his coarse. It is also qoMe e s fanatical elements that n o w rule that party plainly talked that Mr. Vanderbtlt holds the House a i a gloryintheattacksonSherman,theaccession deadlockgandsomegosofarastoexpressthebeliefthat of Haskin, and the martyrdom of John Brown, Mr. Vanderbilt has the power to organise tt at any tune. Others say Mr. Clark is standing out because be wants tathink him much more of a priest than a states- man." "Preciselyso,"rejoinedtheEmperor; ''you have just hit the nail on the head. That,even alter the steps that were taken to strength- enit.At last he proceeded to Augusta himself, andwhen he was thereat the hotel he was arrested,falsely imprisoned, and otherwise maltreated,on the ground of his being an incendiary, He then working in his brain. The Pope he, re- their cupidity and recklessness, it is the mem- says the whole affair was the result of a plotThe proceedings of the Legislature are-getting his tale to the chief organ of Northern incen- abolition of the temporal sovereignty of the interesting. In the Senate yesterday Mr. Gardner diarism, which fully endorses him, looks rather Pope—another insisted on his temporal sove- iiitioducedabillineffectnullifyingthepowersof suspicious.Ifhedoestellthewholetruth,and reigntybeingupheld.Napoleonhashappily the New York Common Council in regard to rail- nothing but the truth—if he is not an abolition- reconciled both ideas in his admirable plan, road franchises. Some discussion ensued on the ist, and if the firm of Gray A Turley invented a which suits the transition state of the pope- subjectofitsreference,anditwasfinallyreferred falsehoodagainsthiminordertogetridoftheir dom, and will please all parties. He thusto fee Committee on Cities and Tillages. A bill liability—then this indicates an extraordinary, proves himself a profound philosopher, a great wss introduced to ascertain and collect the damages a highly dangerous state of the public mind statesman who comprehends the spirit of thethe same reckless disregard of consequences prevailing in the construction of stores and pub- licedificesalloverourownState.Therecent accident in Broad street, by which a respectable citizen lost his life, is an exemplification notonlyofthelittleattentionwhichispaidto the adaptation of the strength of buildings to their use?.'but to the warnings which are re- ceived when their insecurity becomes manifest- There are. we believe, in this city hundreds of stores, and even private dwellings, which areThe republicans are very sanguine of effecting aa or- ganization this week. Tbey do not state bow it to to be TREATMENT OF THEX)PERATTVE3 AT THB NORTH done, but the impression prevails that they Intend to ANDSOUTH—ACONTRAST.—Theshockingca- withdrawShermanandpresentanewman.whoitwil tastrophe which occurred at the manufac- be has not yet been determined upon. Tbey will not move until they are positively certain of electing on thetoo, is my opinion."have on excellent authority, shows that the manifesto which is now given to the public, wasgards as only fit to be a priest, and beWill con- bers of the corporation by whom these mills fine him to his high vocation. He will still call were erected. Public policy and private griefsand as the conflict developes itself they willfind themselves fighting either on the side of man, together with the friends of Mr. Sherman.alike demand that tbey shall be at once placed tiffs pride and make the matter smooth to those upon their trial for murder, for certainly noMr. Carter's rebuke to the democracy to-day for keep- ing the House in a disorganized state, and Us return ta Mr. Sherman, enooursged the republicans and irritated the democracy.him a temporal sovereign, to conciliate the Pon-the constitution or with the abolitionized re-publican party, no matter where they maythink they now stand. The contest for Speakeris but the opening scene of the fight, and ifSherman is elected it will wax hotter and the crack of doom. Mr. Pennington says Mr. Shermansimilar sacrifice of human life that we can to his being the Sovereign of Rome, but not recollect has been more cruelly wanton, orwho might be hostile, and he will even consentRomans, but with troops of the Italian Confe-deration. One party in Europe demanded sue the authors of this calamity, because we seehotter till the constitution or the abolitionistsmust not be taken oown, And Mr. HtrJrmAn says he wiB never leave him while there is a rag left to the ship.in Europe.The temporal sovereignty conferred on the erected in so flimsy a manner that the pressurePope by "the eldest sen of the chnrch,"of any slight additional weight would imme- diately bring them to the ground. A s regards our public buildings, the falling In of the roof of the State Arsenal, eighteen months sgo, and a similar accident to the roof of the Union Rail- road depot at Troy, within the last few weeks, show that either our architects are imperfectly educated, or that economy in construction isFrom the same cause many Northern pressing his unwilling subjects and setting a and there will)be plenty to be found who, forBocae for Clerk. Mr. Curtis is a democrat, andopposed to the by-law requiring the reading of theScriptures in the schools. Mr. Boese»has occupiedhis present position for several years, and is re- terror of Lynch law, though never ex- oppression in high places as well as in low, supervision, and the enforcement of penaltiesteachersto return from thehave beencompelled under thethe company that some hundreds of unfortu- nate white operatives met a cruel death, and hundreds more are maimed and mutilated forslavery; and in a recent case, the planters werethe kings of the earth, ia henceforth impossible, the moral and religious sway of the Pope un- contaminated by the defilement of politics will be greater than ever. Such is the revolutionGreat Britain, in France, and in European countries generally, accidents of this kind are rarely heard of, and that only in the case of very old buildings. Their exemption from themis the heartless system of our Northern manu- facturing towns.But in the South, how different the conditionof the colored operatives! No one ever hearsof six or seven hundred of them being exposedTHE SATIOXA! AGRICTLTT fUt SrsBTWC.3.Twenty-two States and Territories are represented at the natioi al agricultural mee tags now held at the Smith- sonian Institution. The irrepressible nigger has found bis way Into the society, President Tilgbman, a Maryland man7taking occasion in his farewell address to-day, tocard. The main design of Helpers book, and of Northern incendiarism in general, is to create division and enmity between the planters and the non-slaveholding whites; but how com- pletely this propagandism has failed maybe seen in the tale which we reprint from the Tribune, and in every indication of popular opinion at the South. Oh the subject of slavery or meddling wfth their institutions, the Southern people are united as one man. The incendiaries and the organs of incendiarism have only succeeded in onejhing, and that is, in alienating the South completely from the North, even to the extent of non-intercourse; and if this be continued much longer it will amount to a practical, substantial severance of the Union, rendering the future secession of the Southern States a mere matter of form.COMMENCEMENT OV THE PBESIDEXTIAL, CAN- VASS.—From our correspondence, and other re- liable sources, we learn that preliminary ope- rations for the canvass of 1860 have already been commenced. The bloody black repub- licans are flooding Pennsylvania, Illinois, WisconsinandNewJerseywiththeirdocu- ments, such as the infamous Helper book. They hope by means of these publications to secure the doubtful States, And elect Seward or someis exercised over building operations by thewill cease to exist, and Catholics will no longer ask, "Which Pope am I to obey?"THE CLAMOR OS TBS MAIL CONTRACTORS.The mail contractors continue to throw up their con- life ? They can get plenty more hands to work tracts,findingit Impossible to continue the service throughby the law, will compel such persons to pay Though a Hildebrand, making and unmaking attention to the dictates of humanity. Intheir mills when they are reconstructed. Such the failure of Congress to make appropriations.His manifesto is a masterpiece of State poli-cy—ane of those strokes of the same sagaciousyet daring political genius which planned andexecuted the coup d'etat, made England hisally, dragged her Into the Crimean war—wherehe knew she would pay the cost and his legionswonld reap all the glory—And then made peaceaad A friend of his enemy without consultingher, AS he afterwards waged war with Austria,and when he accomplished his object suddenlyconcluded s peace, and made Francis Josephhis friend withost consulting any of the Powersof Europe, or even his ally, Victor Emanuel, atthe very moment that the whole werld regard-ed the war as hardly commenced, and as likelyto involve every nation of Europe in its flames. the Legislature to provide such a remedy forpresenting a strong contrast to the fate of thepoor white operatives in the Eastern and North- complaining of the conduct of the Post Office DepartmentAnd BOWhe takes the lead of every Euro-them as is indicated by the experience and ex-pean Power in pointing out a satisfactory ample of other communities. If it can spare solution of the Italian question, which the time from the elaboration of the corruptGeneral Urquiza has exhibited great mode- "Wet, of California, to Guaymas; L. W. Talbot, of Now ration in bis victory, as he did in his proposi- York, to Dublin; P. & Wells, of New York, to Bermuda; tions for an amicable arrangement before the T. H. Persse, of New York, to Galway; J. W. Qciggle, ofPennsylvania, to Antwerp; C H. Morgan, of Kentucky, effusion of blood; and all his antecedents com- to Messina: H Martin, of Delaware, to Matensas; E. L.bine to make him one of the most prominent Mix, of New York, to Lambazeque; T. W. Fox, to Ply menintheSpanishStatesofSouthAmerica. mouth.England;G.H.Leavenworth,ofNewYork,to When our difficulties occurred with Para- Bay Islands; J. Cunningham, to 8eville, Spain; J. J. guay he volunteered to bring about an Springer, of Pennsylvania, to Dresden; L. Gulls, toSastander, Spain; J. J. Barclay, of Virginia, to Cyprus; amicablearrangement,andbyhiseffortscon- Y.LGouberneur,ofMaryland,toFoochoo;W.T.wickedthese mills were hastily run up, some seven or eight years ago, a general impression prevaileddisregardof consequences.WhenWe say unhesitatingly, then, that if ever there were men who have fairly brought them- selves within the grasp of the criminal" law byIt does not belong to the present Southern op-incur theriak^ofthem.for the infraction of the rules laid downadmiration of bis wisdom, and to give him cre- iwerespoils,andseemtothinkthAttheywilllastditforgoodmotivesandnobleintentionsinservices.WecalltheAttentionofMayorWoodproclaimedAnActofdblivionforpastpoliticalson,Wooater,Obto;A.6.HoMon,Cairo,HI.;B.W.Dan-with the ufcrirpoto of Br**, gnd offering England is now with him, and the British go- About 1,0*0 an easy prey to th* enemy. Taey walk on vernment and the other Powers of Europe will onthebasisoff theedgeefAprecipiceascoollyastheywould havetoendorsehispolicy.Hitdesigniu of aula promenade in Broadway. It is not difficult to getting up ft Congress i s ' merely to 6c par foresee the result of such Astate of things as induce those Powers to giro a sanctionaneweraforthatregion,solongdevastated by civil war.Osnr WastolnsrtoaCorreapondenc«. WASHaoTOjc, Jan. 9, lssn., And e t t r aslab st I the influence of trading politicians, under what- { Vienna, to which they were parties, but which.be mending, but never growing Any better. They whtcb bears his naaw. • -MWSJSS OOO*Iht Speokerikip-Tht Democratic Andrew Jmdam Tuiriff. tan Monanan The Panic daman 0u Mejmi>lican»—A rUuhinO* Pan-StaUamdTemvtrqftkt Seotral Pwr-ties and FbcUont-Apptannc* a/ ft* ftisai tae abashAmerican*—Senator Brmen't NaHee far a BUI AWaoinh q G^mtrumuMt Printing Ctftea, <fc., «Sd. lbsBBftasBtaecoaditonoftheftfatatBASHtoverypriaf »t Iever party banner they may be enlisted.* has virtually nullified himself by ascendingtheannow ia Amost scandAlous condition.• troop of ea*sit> u u boon irsiin—< at Hon tun V i vSAsAJAt309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069this, and the only hope for the to his acts, that he may have the satisfaction conservAtive vote, which is beyond and above I of seeing them formally undo the treaty ofP«r»OBAl Intelligence. . lta t J,wUntitled DocumentNothing but a rigorous1 are now, out of repair all of the time, ever Blair Jr., asswted Helper in maktuf the tatassoss bookclass the several members, and their professionshave nothing t o d o with i t They may stillbelieve that they belong to a living party; butas the great battle advances, tbey will find rata, called oat a rebuke from Mr. Adrsin for Ithemselves sooner or later absorbed in one or the other of the contending parties.la iI position, whig and anti-Lecompton memberselect to class themselves in party organizations;the world classes them according to their acts;prevaiL^t •turing town of Lawrence, Massachusetts,by the falling of the Pemberton Mills onTuesday, will strike every humane mind lntton is pending. If the resolution could he withdraws with horror. There ia a circumstance or modified, they would not object to Sherman s leeringin connection with calamities of this kind the field.In the House to day; on the second vote for a Speaker,which at once suggests itself as illustra- Messrs. Briggs and Morris of Pennsylvania, voted with tive of the difference between the labor system the Southern Opposition for Mr. Gilmer, Mr. Davis of At the North and South. No such accident as' IndiasV, received the votes of Alton, Barr, Coopers, Cass, this, with its appalling and reckless sacrifice of Howard, Montgomery, Morris of Illinois, and Biggs; aadfrightful death by the falling of an insecurebuilding, or whether they perish miserablyand forlorn in a poorhouse when they can nolonger be rendered valuable in the factory.Probably the lately destroyed mills at Law-rence were insured; if so, what matters it to Charleston, where, it is understood, be will indicate hieto the danger of a horrible death, in an unsafe lecture the North.building, by their masters; their lives are too 1resident Buchanan accepts an invitation to attend to- authorities. In. every large city there is a re- precious and their labor too valuable. They morrow, and will be presented with an elegant diplomaern States, for whom their masters never enter- tain the commonest feelings of humanity. Yet to just such a fate our fanatics and false phi- lanthropists of the North would reduce the co- lored operatives of the Southern plantations.in not distributing the new stamp envelope among the country post officesTHI VACANCY Dt IBS COCRT OF CLATSS.Ibe President has nominated to the Senate e i Con- gressman Hughes, of Indiana, to fill the vacancy oa thebench of the Court of Ctoims.use or AprournMXTs CORVIRMBD.Debate OHthfMA. Clark's attempt to nominate Mr. Etheridge, < out consulting the other mornber of bis party, Mr.Mr. Corwta declares be will vote for Mr. Hheraaae USfirst ballot Many of the republicans dislike the ides of withdrawing Mr. Sherman while Mr. Clark's reso-TheSenatetaexecutiveBostonto-dayconfirmedthefol- END OF THE CIVIL WAR IN BCENOS ATBES.— lowing United States Consuls:—W. L Patterson, of Missisother possible casualty. Seeing theevils to Wehave receivedadviceswhichshowthatthe sippt,toGenoa; P.Moran,toValencia; B.&Newboid,ofwhich the laxity which prevails amongst us in this respect is leading, it is clearly the duty ofvictory of General Urquiza at Cepeda has re- sulted in the submission of Buenos Ayres and the return of that seceding State to the Argen- tine Confederation.Pennsylvania, to the Island of Trinidad; J. Winston, of Kansas, to Kingston, Jamaica; W. G. Webb, of Massachu- setts to Zansibar; M. W. Smith, of Mississippi, Consul General at Constantinople; B. Bunaelto, of Texas, to San Juan delSnr; J. W. Magill, of Illinois, to Savas'lto; L.rteJ\?5 15. ®J " **AteWssen. Frank P. Thomas M. TrOsLDies.r.fiQWie.ostAsiB. "*"»"** *****> «-iwww.fultonhistory.comyniski 