 NEW YORK HERALD. wat ug the prevalence of a drought of considerable dura tu* tatii severity in ft Urge portion of to* cottaa region, c*u#*d !w«Men» t» oflV-r supplies tow freely The salesl e r t h e m V i e w off Use ( a m p a i f nOf * t onsertravtive R e a c t ion.Beecher, and his appointment to this service is, we are toid,'amatter of great interest to she religious world." It ia also Tory Interesting toJ A M B S 0 O R D V I HRtJi • •BTTT mm* AND paatsopoi.#smc* » v. OOZKSB nr aaasao AKD rCLfOKrjuiju.AMVSBVBBTH THIS BVBXIVO.MTBLOS aAM>*»V M ^ r ( W or OMBUTW ~W ALLACA"S rWMATKU. speedway.-4.XUA Boos*.Ajbany Regency have killed Wise, slaughteredembraced about 1,200 bales, while priees were with- releases the South from its despotic role of the mince*' B*** o f Douglas* They have cheated put them into the market for sale. F e should know that without the Japanese the worthyIABBT*«A TBS.»^eM Broadway FtfAnM to*BOWBBT THEATER.-•any of the sinews of war for the ptesent, and would transfer the Regency from Albany totions in the tariff; of the Homestead bill, and oftreaties with Honduras, Nicaragua, Bolivia and Venesuela were ratified, and the treaty with Spain i discussed, but not disposed of. It will probablyments in the Northern States, will overthrowthe republicans in 1864, and transfer the rod ofempire once more from the North to the South, | but consign it to very different hands.anything until arrangements are made to suit themselves.In some instances it is found mora convenient to have work done without any contract at all, as in the case of cleaning the streets, which thethe most favorable impressions of the country in general, and of the metropolis in particular.republic from which the friends of free institu- tions all over the world have a right to expect so much. But they are solemn truths, and they must be made known, as the first step towards the reformation of the abuses to which theyhand or his head will drop into the basket. the wise, Be.A trora Mbe ratified to-day.treaty will yet be ratified. A large number of ap- pointments wore sent in to the Senate by the Presi- dent, among them that of Wm. P . Russell, aa Navy Agent at this port, 1Bplace of George N. Sanders, removed.The General Committee of the Tammany Hall bold a meeting last evening, at which were passed endorsing Douglas andDemocratic(Douglas)Committeemet athe. I k sooBHiiittsoadjourned amidtheir Western voyage.Whatever may be the result of the Em.public printing, and being now altogether Committees that they take measures to secure the adop- tion of an electoral ticket ia their respective £taus taken sway by the new law establishing a pledged to the unequivocal support of the nominee* of tot National Democratic Convention, Stephen A. Douglas asiIt is thought that the Mexican*»T, MMtt.on,, cVc. Our Special WaaMtMgtOM Despateb.WAMBMUMT, June M, IMS. ATTTTTDS OF BFAOt TOWARDS KSTJOO UID TMJohnson and the ir platform, alter speeches by Messrs. to the yet untried force of numbers—a politicalget through with boring the Japanese they will workshops and manufactories of New York, theStreet Commissioner's Department There is a Broadway, the private entertainments which country before the independent press, railroads power to appoint substitutes. The following resoiutistfBelmont, Kennedy, Watcrbury, Clancy, Chandler, Devlin and others. The resolutions may be found in our advertising columns. It was aLso resolved So MBM S gzaad ratification meeting on Monday •BBS, SMS to give it all the sdat which the occasion —tits. There will be fireworks, bands of music,and the telegraph were brought into the general mer should not be allowed to pass away without citizens, have interested the Ambassadors ex- service of mankind. But these excrescences atwere adopted:—General Commit- held B special meeting at Tammany Hall Therewassfoilattendanceof mem- A resolution providing means for selectingdelegates from this city to the Young Men's Demo- cratic Convention, to be held at Saratoga on the Slot of July, pursuant to the call of the Stats Com-I, wss agreed to. A series of resolutions was endorsing the action of the National Con- vention in nominating Doogiss sod Johnson, andadoptod with great enthusiasm.fits HooBtoo Executive Committee met st theiryesterday, and issued a call for a State Con-i, to be held in Schenectady on the 18th of July, to BMBtBBts am electoral ticket sod s Candi- datofortheViesPresidency.no dock large enough to dock bar, and John the metropolis has performed its portion of the Bull had not sufficient ingenuity to cleanse it work well, like the dowager who took herIs the Darted States Biatrial Court yesterday in the South, which, on one side, will save thethe Senate, among them Wm. W. Russell, of New York, as Navy Agent, vice George 5. Sanders .removed.Sanders to here, preparing for the Dsugtas campaigs. with an invitation In his pocket from Garibaldi to lo**t« in London aad direct the liberal movement of Burope m that city.BAnriCATiosr or rsxtcssThe business of the Senate to-day, to executivewas exclusively confined to the coasiderstKa ofand resulted hi the ratification of the Extradition iratty with Switaertond, aad those of eomsaerot and frteaoitof wita Bolivia, VeaaweU, Honduras and Nicaragua, tothe Grand Jury ignored the bills presented by the District Attorney against the brig Falmouth, which oar resdscs msy iBtoBthsr wss brought lam this port, from Port Prays, by the prise crow of the l a t o a fltatas stoop PwtoMMilh. The Grand Jurywith the thanks of theyear yesterday, and,ahr *<*•* aad capture of Osweral Drags, la M e * e»e. - th other items of Mexican new*, ft is said x. u Miramea placed President Eaaoaga in c^fissmeat when Be arrived at Goadamjara.t V cctt~* market yesterday exhiltted > it utoitj-. ACSteMfeBAuubama, the original nominee of the Douglas par.ty for Vice President, has declined thai honor,and Mr. Hersehel V. Johnson, of Georgia, takeshis place. This is a loss both ways to Mr. of Havana or Rio Janeiro. Under these has paid very dearly; but what will it do now? Douglas. First, there is something of the circumstances we can afford to pay a pretty Its future is a dead blank, ft has nothing to "sweet Irish brogue" in the name of Fitz- good sum for the Japanese reception without expect from the next administration, for Mr.Ttoe De naocrwttc .%oml*m«ions—T h e lmtsoM s t t h e s o u t h .R e v o -the Northern States, and perhaps even a few after the Charleston Convention, urged theirscattering members of Congress. coming back in the most pathetic terms, be- all; and second, the studious way in which theThe tAeamihip Boropa, wMch left yverpool on men of wealth, who were not politicians, whilement, represents a large proportion of the solid failed in their design, they voted against their at Halifax yesterday. The new* is three days later of adroit and penniless professional men in the wealth of the country. Out of the ejristing con* own two-thirds rule at Baltimore, and nominatedthe ICth and i^ueenstown on the 17th inst., arrived the democratic party at the the South consistedThe Bell ticket, North and South, at this mo- into the Presidential chair. And when they nation. The most important measure of thosedemocracy more than once or twice, owing toremovethedifficultieswhichdividetheStatesofthe tween Breckinridge andDouglas; and thatGermanic Confederation. not only at the North, but even at President. But assuming that Lincoln will be der of Custom House, Post Office, Navy Yardconsummated on the 14th inst. in view of their corruptions and divisions, the his party will begin to fritter away from the G. P. Jl. James, the English novelist, is dead.secession. By their insane divisions the demo-cracy are broken up, North and South. WhomGod would destroy he first drives mad. Theimproving the streets have been accepted by the dors will embark on Friday and sail on gavel he has handled so feebly being from the republicans His proposition seems to DM* Street Commissioner and Comptroller within a Saturday of this week, having accomplished a request that the Riot Act should with favor from both sides. His influence arieei fnaDouglas, and overthrow them both. The re-cent events and complications in the democratic mand upon them, and we do not believe they party are preparing the way for this denoue- will be beaten now. ment,andhasteningagreatpoliticalrevolutionThe good nature of Mr. Buchanan overruled the dictates of wisdom in this matter, and has con-due to the efficient manner in which the City In- to conducting the affairs of his From the peculiar location of NewA NBW STSTKM or MAKING MONBT—SBLUNO named Garry Baldwin. How easy, then, to BAIX TICKETS.—It will be seen from a commu-these treaties, which were rstasad by nearly a uaaaiao*•tltart that it can be made so, simply by keep- lf we escape any epidem-was a red hot secessionist in 1851, and this puts a stop to the Douglas cry of " disunioniste"WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1860. t— . — — th^r fleets passed ' THE FEATS or THE AUUKT RsoKMcr.—The J» ^ n%ough the hands of the Aldermen aiCS*** While the dissolution of the democratic party Df^mson, butchered Seymour, aad made men, ft was most probably some of them vhdNEW Y©RK HETfc thout qcotabl* change * «w*P*» •* * *•**• last twenty years, snd will operate u\that sec- e v e r y may who put his trust in them, snd made since the 1st of 8»ptember U»t have reached 4,418,000 Tlike to know which of them it was who) adoptedchaplain has a* Wrde field bafitfe him. Of the fire hundred aad odd aYrtttt on board the Niagara only about s dosen have been awaken-A^dtogrsce. "The commander and one of the lieutenants and twelve of the crew are pious men,'* which is s very small allowance for the entire ships tusspaaj. It Is to be hoped that the chaplain will remember that charity beginsbale*, against 3085,000 in 1850, aad 2^2,000 ta IMS tion, under Bet! and Everett to bring into the a most uaea hthle reputation for the Empire this system of making a ready penny by the sale The exr«>rts hare reached 3,047,000 bales, against foreground a substantial conservatism Union State—the word • * ? «"«* having become in of gratuitous invitations to the ball.2,801.000 ta 1 8 » , and 2 330,000 in 18M- The stock toft party, somewhat resembling the old whig party, the mouths of Sowthern men a synonym forTHTBTT-SXXTH CONGRESS—CBARAOTKBIS- TICS or THE FIRST SESSION.—We ought to be very thankful to the genius who invented the lawon hand embraced 2*6,000 bales, against 250 000 in 1IM,and 281,000 in IBS*. There was a slight reaction in theBoor martet, and for common and Medium gradea of the North.rascality. The Albany Regency hare achievedsnotber success—they hare tpHt the democra-there hi a good prospect of a similar reaction inAs the parties in this contest now stand. tic party in two, both at the North and at the under which members of Congress are paid aState aad Westers price* fell off about Ave cent* per bbl.,white extra brands were unchanged, there waa a gooddemand Mr export, and the market waa more active atthe coaceastoo. Wheat was without change of importaoce, watte sales were tolerably settee, Metadtog somepurchases for export. Cora was Berner aad more active, battle of November, but employed by his ad-including purchases for the Eastward aad for foreiga herente to watch the roads and cut off a bag- seceders at Charleston, aad when these just now been concluded to tike infinite relief of export. Fork was Bnaer, with sales of new mem at gage train here and there in our Northern local men wanted to return* to the, fold theyDouglas occupies the position of a mere filibus- ter or guerilla fighter, not expecting anything but an ignominious annihilation in the generalSouth, insuring its utter defeat in the Presiden- tial election, and Its final dissolution, without a hope of resurrection to life. tyearly salary instead of a per diem allowance, as under the old raybae. The difference ia the manner of recompensing our servants saves usat home, and proceed first to ^ i r , ^ ^ \km*mu^the conversion of*4**S^MIIIZSIS 02K a f i t 74, aad new prlate atSWW. Bugerswere elections. His supporters seem to entertain the repelled their advances, and, with thea long suffering country.In looking over the record of the Thirty-sixthCongress we are forcibly impressed with the peculiarity of its main characteristics; first the manner in which the members conducted the public business, so far as they conducted it at*t««d>, w.thaalrt of about 1,300 hhds. at rates given inidea that he has a boundless popularity, and consequences of a split and two demo-•wither e**um». Coffee was firm, with limited sales. that, in spite of all the heavy odds against him, cratic candidates in the field staring them tor arcouni of stocks we refer to another column.freights were stead}-, wtth a fair amount of engagements. his name will enable his partisans to elect a n the face, persisted in their rejection, though few State executive officers and legislators in their organ, the Albany Atlas, immediatelyThe double nominations b y the two divisionsof the democratic party at Baltimore have con-founded the calculations of both the republican this we fear is too much. The Breck- mated. When their schemes were baffled by The republicans, who had the business of thethe North against the South as they* are to that fore, they used him, in the language of Deancotton States into a revolution." and a separatewhich they might plant their lever to lift Seymour Southern confederation. out of the mire of their dirty Albany politicsthan the advices previously received. large cities and towns, whos* followurs consistedThe Oreat Bastera sailed for New York on the chiefly of the non-slaveholding population. fusion of the democracy, and considering the Douglas by a majority, because they thought his the Department, including the abolition of thelath inst., and the Announcement of her arrival be- By combining.with Northern politicians of the sectional limitations of the repubHcan party, name would help them in Western New York in franking privilege. The Post Route bill pro-low this port may be looked for at any moment.same stamp with themselves, they generallythis Constitutional Union party, so much ridi- their local elections for the State Legislature, vided for a daily overland mail from theThere is little aews of importance with regard to managed to defeat their opponents, and lux- culed of late for its weakness, will soon be which Richmond has declared to be of greater Mississippi to the Pacific, a measure whichthe revolution in Sicily. The royal troops were respected for its strength. Should fce election, impor tance to him than the Presidential elect- would have released the people of Californialeaving the island, and Garibaldi was actively en- uriated in political power and the spoils of by any lucky chapter of accidents, be thrown ion, or the stability of the Union. Mr. Douglasfrom the clutches of the Panama monopoly, and paved the way for the Pacific Railroad; but this was too much to expect from Congress, and thegaged in organising his forces.office. Breckinridge is one of this class—a mereinto Congress, the contest in the House will be between Lincoln, Bell and Breckinridge, and inA congress of sovereigns was to be held at adventurer. On the other hand, Bell, of theBaden on the day of the Europu'a departure. The Union ticket, represents the respectable andhad so many enthusiastic friends to reward, and had made so many promises, that these cunningPrince Regentof Prussia and Napoleon had arrived wealthy classes, identified with the great slave- the Senate, most probably, between Hamlin and politicians saw clearly enough that by a fair di- House, at the latest moment, refused to pass the further says the absorption of certain territorythere. The German sovereigns who are expected holding interests in the South—the successors of Everett, as the two highest candidates from the vision of the spoils there would be little or no- to take part in the conference are the Kings of the old whig party—which have overthrown the people. thing left for them. He did not therefore, suitIn this event the only compromise upon which them as a candidate, but they thought it conve- the House will be able to agree far President nient to use his name as a party watchword intheir local contests for the possession of the Statespoils,including the rich placersin this city, which cast into the shade the federal plun-altogether unworthy of public confidence—or inThe annexation of Savoy to France was finally the Sooth. They are rotten to the core; and elected by the people, it is safe to predict that and ail. On the whole, the Albany Regency endeavoring to blacken the reputation of one itself in readiness at a moment's warning. Already tt*Bavaria. Hanover sad Wortemberg, and the GrandDukes of Baden and Hesse-Darmstadt. It is al-legedthattheinitiativeofthisCongressisattribu- itsdissensionsandprofligacy. Now,again,the willbeJohnBell;andshouldtheHousefail, ted to the King of Bavaria, whqss object is to democratic party are divided—divided be- Everett, by the action of the Senate in havingbill.Thus we have seen that Congress spent all thepublic time in President making, in partisan quarrels, in such silly and stupid investigations as that of the Covode Committee—which only proved^what everybody knewbefore, that the politicians of all parties are utterly corrupt andor Mexico by the Yankees under the ifcLaat treaty will, in its consequences, lead to the tat- T ing of the island of Cuba. The glories of Bonace, says the writer, have elevated these people to j the clouds, and with this belief they think they can cany their triumphs into Mexico. It is already a thug re- solvedupon,andaUtheresources of the governmentan ready to take the conquerors to the plains of MexrnAmerican government has received a strong note pre- testing against the insults to their flag at Anton Lizard*The idea of obtaining satisfaction from both MaucoMf^sv the United States is generally approved of, aadaodnMyou will see active movemeata going on in CubaUeBectthis object. The government intend ta keep a vigiltateye in regard to the operations of Spain, and that doesnotinterposeinMexicanaffairs.Velected him Vice President, will become thehave reason to feel proud of the feats they have of the purest statesmen that has ever sat in the The financial and commercial news is interesting. opposition party, following the standard of Bell, moment he begins to divide the sfX>Qs. From accomplished within the last few months. Like chair of Washington.who, unlike Breckinridge, has a stake in the that moment this Constitutional Union party willThe London money market was somewhat easier. community, will carry so many Southern States begin to shine as the rising sun, and the harlots, they glory in their shame. Consuls on the 15th were quoted at 93} a 93f 1We need say only a few words as to the per-sonal character, the manners and behavior of for account, ex-dividend. American securities as to defeat either of the democratic tickets; heir apparent for the succession—a great THE DEPARTURE OF THE JAPANESE.—It is an a majority of the members of the Thirty-sixthwere generally unchanged. At Liverpool cotton while Lincoln, unless a political miracle hap- homogeneous national party Korth and nounced, on the authority of the Naval Commis- Congress. The session commenced with a row; waaveryirregularinprice,andadeclineofone- pens,willsweeptheNorth andbeelected South, resting its cause upon the solid sioners,thatthesteamfrigateNiagara,whichis theensuingcontestfortheSpeakershipwaseighth to one-quarter of a penny on all qualities U reported. The weather had been unfavorable for he crops, which had advanced in price, whilefloorwaaquiet.Provisionswereunchanged.Our special Washington despatch contains impor- tant intelligence from Spain. It appears that the Spaniards have become so elated with their suc- cesses in Morocco that they design having a dash at Mexico, making the necessity of preserving Cu- ba to the Spanish monarchy the pretext for their belligerent operations. And not only does Spain contemplate adescent upon Mexico, butthe United States is to be called to account for the capture of the piratical Spanish war steamers off VeraCrux not long since.The Senate met at noon yeaterday^n compliancewith the proclamation of the President, calling anextraordinary session for the despatch of executiveby the people. financial, commercial and industrial interests of And the election of the candidate of the re- the country, and upon a suspension of this ter- publican party may have a salutary effect upon rible slavery agitation which has wrecked allfew months past; but, owing to the dilatoriness of the Common Council in taking action uponall theThe currency question, if not definitely settled,read. Themembers ofCongress,days of their power are numbered, and thesceptre is about to depart from their hands. them, the work has not gone on. These con- has been put in train so that the greatest obsta- lent and as ungentiemanly in their conduct asIf the Union ticket should not be successful now,it is only because republicanism will triumphfor the time; and the Union party at the Southwill become the nucleus of the opposition, lic works are retarded in consequence of theupon, and thus many useful and neeessary pub-to ruin it, according to ours, at Charleston andWe have the best authority for stating that Baltimore. It is very hard to say these things throw their whole power in favor of Breckinridge asibusiness. No business of importance waa trans-acted in open session. In executive session the which, combining with the conservative ele- prevailing system in that body never to confirm the Japanese princes will leave our shores with of an important branch of the government of a Lane. If so, every office holder will hare to show asThe New York Tribune—the chief organ ofthe republican party—takes an opposite view City Inspector does on his own responsibility; litan surroundings. They have been exceed- refer.of the case. It says that "Breckinridge is thebut work in the Street Department, being less ingly gratified with their superb quarters at thewithout a dock. We must send her back fromdaughterstohearSydneySmithpreach,andnottion as be may deem necessary and prSfer for that pur- pose.They at first contrived to drive out the at least a month In the long session, which hasdoctors, midshipmen, marines, ordinary sailors, landsmen and boys, before he tries his hand oa the Japanese. By the time the first part of his taskbas been accomplished, the Ambassadors and attaches will have become so far impermeated wtth practical theology as to r their conversion a very easy matter.B«nkose Attitude of Spaii Towiit Mexico an4 the United States.Me©tlrigcrftli«AMrf*»rtiiiar7of t t e ssjsassii»<sWJispBe^a%s%jBansMM<emyaj^MnB%Ratification or Treaties withThis is a lamentable reduction of the lieving, no doubt that they would not d o i t how not to do it rule was practised when any original Douglas programme; but even They were taken at their word, and thus check- important measure was to be acted upon.and democratic journals. They are all at sea, inridge ticket, with the administration at its exposure in our columns, and they found they House in their bands, stood pledged to the without compass, or rudder, or chart, and in back, will really leave Mr. Douglas without could not nominate the small politician who country in favor of postal reform; of modifica-the thick darkness which covers the subjectKiT»o«BT-r«»ww.TSAOWT»T*BBimrwAn- thereisnolandmarkvisible. Someof.thede- withoutanycollateralsecuritiesforthefuture. Washington,theybecamemaddened,andin thePacificRailway. Thatthesemeasuresweremocratic journals are for Breckinridge, someB A B B W S AMBEICAE *rOSBnM.Bie*4wny.-B*r On the other hand, the independent conserva- their desperation nominated Douglas, knowingintroduced simply for the purpose of manufac- wtd KtfoiBf —Ocm Imsn Cousis—UVISO CvBioHim, * c for Douglas, and some for neither, like the tive members of the democratic party, looking not only that his election was an utter impossi- turing political capital, everyone familiar withBUT A NTS' BTK8TBKL8. Hall, «7J Broadway - Albany Atlas-Argus, which is waiting to find to the future from the ruins of their party camp, bility, but that his nomination was the entering the secret springs that govern the opera-B»«iisj2«» Setts*. DAaoss, At FJJWBOaOBOH. out the strong side. The republican journals, in the North as well as in the South, will be wedge which would divide, demoralize and tions of partisan organizations was fullySALOON, Broadway.-OE. d u r r t Eur- confident of victory for themselves, arc specu- very apt to fall back upon the ticket of Bell destroy the democracy. aware long ago. Now it is apparent to vauya *c -JirmatB> nof the CoTodf CioaittM. ^ - r B^SjBtasBaWsMjejBBjMayor Hood ABOB* the frt*efi*fiUii Aspirants,CamtDST Atas.Important intelligence was received here this morniaj.brought by the last mail from Europe, from Madrid, to i gentleman in this city, sad has been laid before the p- vernment, in order that it may understand what ia we going on in Spain ia reference to Mexico and Cub* Tat writer says that a document baa just been published ty order of the government, having Mr Us base the MV-xieuquestion, which is so mixed up with the question of CoM that if the church party cannot drive Juarez out of T n Cruz it to necessary the Spaniards should do so, for if not the island of Cuba will run great rtok. The doruateet IisNATIONAL OOECBBT SALOON. National D A M N ,FBBKCH THBATBB, OK Broadway-Hooter * CAUT- •MA'S l u m w i* BVKioru* I m n u m a r a ,OT EAOIO. Ml Bfaedway.-Boiuaa* FAWIA*-lating on the effects of the new order of things and Everett, as affording the best axisting nu-The Albany Argus lets the cat out of the bag, all. The Tariff bill waa so clumsily con- structed that the committee which sonepcted itand admits that the New York delegation never could not explain its provisions, and it fell meant to have Douglas nominated bona fide—Foreign. Powers.aWMP^^SM*WSMMMasWjSS^SjS^gajS'S^Bjt%ja|jBaJASOBS A*» OaeusAT.-Ciuro«*u MawAoeam. WATM• w VMM, W e d n » * U f ,T h i Newt.the North, like the substantial slaveholders of the South, are eminently conservative in theirTheir voting at Charleston for the two-thirds rule, in its largest sense, so as to mean two-Important Pretest erf tie MftrttofeasliarALACB GABPIN,t d n M l l u t U l l U I T tHr*iwn.r.on the ruins of the democracy, brought to theCo* pangs of dissolution by foul corruption within. political instincts, habits and opinion. Their thirds of the whole electoral college, proves and Pacific States. The Homestead bill, patch-in the split camp of their opponents. None ofthem sees that it is the beginning of a revolu-tion at the South—a revolution not of blood,but at the polls—and which will extend to theNorth, and establish a new conservative partycleus for a new, sound and healthy national organization.The mercantile and manufacturing classes of that is, nominated by the united democracy. through, as its originators intended it should.The Pacific Railway scheme was another bubble intended to catch a few votes in the WesternEver since 1828 there has been a powerful interests make them so. These substantial this fact, for they admit that they knew from ed up between the House and the Senate, was classes of the community are, therefore, as the beginning he never could get two hundred passed, to be sure, but in such a form that it rooEEEE or TETETBEMTB gTEEBT AND BBOAD party in the South in opposition to the de- much opposed to the "irrepressible jBonflict" of and two votes. By their .own confession, there- would have done more harm than good to themocracy. In 1840 they elected GeneralHarrison President, and were then known as wild Southern faction which seeks to lead "the Richmond, as " a standpoint"—a fulcrum onwhigs. They are now known as Union men.They consisted of the principal planters andparties for whose benefit it was ostensibly enacted. The President promptly put his veto upon it, s circumstance which should gain for him the praise of every sensible man in theJUVOR WOOD AST) TBI PBRSIDBXCT.Mayor Wood arrived here this morning. He ha been conferring to-day with Mr. BrecktorMfe, thedemocraticpartyandontheSouth.HeourdefunctPresidentialpartiesofthelastfortysea.Immensepackagesofluggagemarkedinterruptedveryfrequentlybytheblackguard-JudgeDouglasandthe administration,astotot the Japanese character are now being stowed ism of certain notorious members, and the Con- proper course to pursue la the coming campaign i>would be an excellent dose for the fire-eaters years.suggests that there should be but one electoral ticket ato convey the Japanese Ambassadors Snd suite diversified by several disgraceful scenes on the to their beloved Niphon, is now quite ready for floor of the House; the course of debate was in-away between the Niagara's decks, and the ser-low him, bitter as he is; but they will not secede. TUB STREKT DKPARTMKNT AND THE COMMON vants of the Embassy are hard at work which it had commenced, the very last words pledged to either candidate, but to throw thevottfor On the contrary, Old Abe would cure them of COUNCIL.—Several contracts for repairing and packing up for the start. The Ambassa- that were said before the Speaker laid down the either, as msy be Most politic, and thus secure the Statewho threaten secession. They may have to swal-gress broke up in the same delightful way inwith.upon this very subject. The impression is that they trillobjects oftheirspecialmission.tracts, unfortunately, require confirmation by cle in the way of Western intercourse with the the strikers and blowers who have been savingthe Common Council before they can be acted East may be considered as virtually done away the country, according to their idea, or trying State, which he thinks is in favor of Douglas. It u iThe remembrance ofBaltimore and Philadelphia has been quite ob- literated by the magnificence of their metropo-BSSTUG or TBB MVOLAS XATJOKAL c o K x r m s .the little contretemps atplanters' or slaveholders' candidate," and that urgent, cannot so readily be undertaken in this Metropolitan Hotel, and by the unremitting THE CAMPAIGN AND THE WASH IXOTP \ OBGAKH.— aad Hugh J. Jewett, of Ohio, are Secretaries. The EJtos-" if Douglas is to be sustained at all, it must he by appealing from the weight of planter influ- ence, hitherto irresistible in Southern politics,way. It is to be hoped that when the Aldermen courtesies of the Messrs. Leland. The neat The Washington party organs are among the tive Committee to as follows:—Belmont, of New Yorklast remaining excrescences of that oacten re- give a little attention to the business of the splendid shops, the superb life-panorama of gime in our political affairs which ruled thelarge amount of work to be done, and the sum- have been given them by Mr. Belmont and otherparty composed mainly of non-slaveholders."This is all wrong. Douglas and Breckinridgewill divide between them most of these non-slaveholders—the Kentucky man taking thelarger share—while "the planter influence"will be given to Bell and the Union ticketBreckinridge is not the candidate of the slave-holders, but of the professional politicians andnon-slaveholders; and the "real democraticparty," which the 7Vioun<? expects to be"created now for the first time in the South-ern States," has not only been created longsince, but has grown into decrepitude and de-cay, and is about to perish and give place to" the planter influence, which has hitherto beenirresistible in Southern politics," when the timesdemanded an effort. That influence will beequally arrayed now against Breckinridge and bottom of the Great Eastern. Out New York represent They carry away with them nume- should have been sent packing home long ago. and publish an earnest article sustaining tl se nornis*-completing i tA JOB FOE NEW YORK MECHANICS.—The direc-tors of the Great Ship Company have sent theGreat Eastern to sea with a foul bottom, thatWashington have continued to exist upon theBeaolved, The crisis demanding that the ofgaaisatiM of the democratic party shall be preserved in tact agaiatt open as well as secret ecemtes of the constitution and tatfor a long time yet, and the Constitution will, we cousins across the water that in New York " Well, my dears, it can't be said that we have suppose, be kept above water while Bowman hashere with a clean bottom, in order to show ourbeing able to get in, went away, remarking,some things can be done as well as others. Wenot done the correct thing, at all events." So the Senate printing, to wit, till the 4th of Marchwe have done, so far as money goes, the correct to-morrow.armor for working under water, and all sorts of thing by the Japanese. They have had a right incubus upon Mr. Buchanan's administration. THI OMwnrcTMST n rivOB or aascxnrainut; AJTO U J *have plenty of submarine contractors, men incontrivances for amphibious purposes, and we call upon them to come forward and clean theroyal reception—one worthy of their rank and of Bowman, from his printing spoils jobbing and The Constitution newspaper will to-morrow hoist tatrousfinespecimens of American manufactures-sewing machines, watches, firearms and otherarticles, useful and ornamental. From this aus- sequently given him a world of trouble. piciousbeginning,itseemstous,theremust ButtheunluckiestofalltheseWashingtonFITZTATRICK DECLINES—A GREAT LOSS TO THE spring a lucrative trade. Before many months party organs is that unfortunate concern called country from the threatened anarchy, and, on DOCGLAS TICKET.—Senator Fitzpatrick, of Ala- shall have elapsed, the Yankee schooners sharp originally the Bates, but latterly the States a>dtoe other, from the the corruption which has been eating out the vitals of public virtue, and paving the way to despotism and the ruin of the republic.CUBAX SnuEKTs AXD A HKALTHT CITY.—The mortality report of the City Inspector for lastnose will be poked into every accessible Ja- panese port, and American goods will be as common hi the marts of Jeddo as in the bazaarsUnion. How it has been kept upon its legs for the last two or three yean is a mystery. We suspect that it is a whistle for which Mr. Douglasmechanics always have been equal to every de-prove Fitzpatrick a chip of the patron Saint ofbe left of alt the existing newspapers of Wash- nication in another column that the tickets ington. ;•vote.vinterest to MSJMMwd relative to the treaty bethe United State* and Spain, seorMtog a unmss«sj for the settlement of pending cava* oa the part sfthe ouId sod. But Fitzpatrick has refused this issued by the Corporation, avowedly free ofYork—Us facilities for sewerage and reatila- use of his name, and this girea Mr. Yancey cost, for the grand Japanese reception ball ontioa,ttstwota» rivers aad open bay—it ought another victory over Douglas. In the next Monday night, were a regular article of com-REUQIOM OK BOARD THE NIAGARA—It hithe populous and industrious nation which theytrading with Wendell and Rice, and all that set, names of Breckinridge and Lane at the bead of iU column*,ttoos.rax raw Toax savr ASSSCT.The President sent a Urge number of nomination* t* •patrick. He would have done very well for a grumbling. Our merchants will get it all back Douglas will have nothing to give. We dare that with Honduras to a transit privilege, ta which, he*"week ahowa a diminution in the deaths in this lineal descendant of St Patriek, at least till again before a great while. dty greater than during the same period for tike after the election. ADublin paper has shownlast three or four years. This fact is mainly that Garibaldi is a descendant of an Irishmansay that the concern, if net already defunct, srer, bat little importance is attoeht-d. Tho Ni*ar*g»»very refreshing to be informed, as we are by a both eountri*s. ft contains a clause to pay fw to* merce in the market, and brought from ten to pious cotemporary, that the rather up-hill work Amtetad oegroes aa appropriation Mr which pet***forty dollars apiece. Several parties, it ap- of the conversion of the Japanese, which was has been repeatedly pressed on the coosideratwn of Cpears, were hawking them round for sale during commenced by some good people inWashington, grtss by the President, as a matter of jurtict, wettss * * » * • m MBMBV it tottl be due, ooder against the other wing of the party. How often the day, and it Is stated In the communication and since carried on in a aeries of tract skir- a n.o%e*MMt tending to produce a frwoalfto be the bealtbieat chy in the world; and it u place, if we mistake not Benches V. JohnsontoMr.Delavan,andwetrustUiathis H is that when luck turns against a man every-Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069feeling between the United State* aad Bjasn-i healthy city wfll thing turns against him. In such a case "it BoarcCUns.mishes, is to be continued on board the frigate u ib; hllu ttx-ius u» bo B#crt wi ,+* «'*»**B strike set uus bet itswe have named was that in favor of the exten- sion of mall facilities and a general reform inbeas a general rule, have been as noisy, as turbu-the fact that he is not pledged to either, but desire* l» secure the 8tate to the democracy. If, however, taw pacific counsels shall not prevail, and the adminutratai does not throw it-elf into the fight, the probabUitr s that Mayor Wood will go with the popular sentimeat a*ceedingly. Altogether they regard their stay hithe Jeddo of America as the crowning glory of drippings and pickings and stealings of the I'nion, it is therefore rcconanecded to the tisaeral Stat*materially retards her speed, because they had bassy, so far as commerce is concerned, organs to do? They must expire, or brush upgovernment printing office, what are these spoils and keep pace withjthe world around them.H. V. Johnson.Resolved, That if any State Committee shall orau utake the proper steps for securing such an electoral ticM, then the member of this committee to that State is bare- by authorised, either in conjunction with members sfTheold Intelligencerwill probably hang on theStateCommittee,or byhis ownset,totaketucsac-TBI nsBCKcnuMsE KanowAL oososrrm.The Democratic National (Breckinridge) Committee hat next. This miserable organ has been a great been at work to-day, aad will complete their programs**will perish from sheer starvation very soon, andthat by the 4th of March next only the old in- States Congress, for the protect** of transit sad etosrteUigencer and the little enterprising Star wfll purposes. There was ae aasssaw > w w Ii HssS S T *referred to that some of them, at least, werepurchased from a "respectable gentleman con- Niagara. The chaplain who has been ordered chin** tt U net belir-v. <1 teal this&c.,The orders to the navy have been sent to Cuba to haV*>the State of Mew York, with the Electoral College aderstood that the administration are in council totorThe Nationalthe National Hotel to-day for organisation and to prepart for the campaign. Auguste Belmont, of New Tort. • Chairman, and Thomas Cottmaa, of Louuiana; F. 0 Prince, of MassachuMtta; John A. Barman, of Virgiaa.Jewett, of Ohio, Dick, of Korth Carolina; Conrerse,<f Coaaectteut; Held man, of Pennsylvania, Cotiaun, a* Louisiana, aad FoUett, of Michigan. The committee bantreaty was amended, so that aa American military five*cannot be used without the previous assent of the Case* ai.nected with £ cmuaiciD5l d^naxtacute,^ V*»wvcri^ajtutupotttt.netoad that a BMSMSJ ha* been mw*i*u.w «*•*«*,ttawtwrvafcly•*•»*.***<•*•**-**4www.fultonhistory.com 