 1-!without a single doubt as to the result.then refused to publish, facts that would exonerate present an act for such a purpose to an English Sover- blow a horn, to dance, to play-at quoits, to throw and Chancellors and Chapters.t•'pursue. But I may say, that in the great upheaval of northern sentiment, during the last two or three years, no other man than Douglas can seem to satisfy the political conscience of Northern Democrats, in the Bngular- disregard: of our time-honored principles wiichhas characterized the present Administration!cordialunionoftheOppositionofMissourionBites,and I have not the least*doubt he can carry the State, espe- cially if nominated at Chicago (thus assuring his elec-Hani»bnrgh..JohnChickerlng. Pinckney Leyden..... David Alger. Turin.. Lowville. ....C. G. Lano-D1IMOCKATS. Greig. ....Fruncis Segnr. Oucoola B igh Market.Charles Plummer.Wauion•JohnParia. •E. B. Holden.-William Rowell. . Peter Kirley.permita!ltherepresentativesandagentsofthemaster,black and white, bond and free, to exercise most of his ever, is to be attributed, not to the author, but to thedespotic powers.We have Been that the slave has no legal property inhis own body. It is almost unnec* ssary to say, that he hasnopropertyin anythingelse—that all hisacquisi- tions belong^ hkehimaelf, to his master. He is, in fa'at,portantorunimportant,inproportionastheurlegal rights are great or small. It can, therefore, never be a substitute for their legal rights. Does a Smitbheld drover care for the love or hatred of his oxen ? and yet oxen, since the passing of Mr. Martid's meliorating act,, are scarcely m a more unprotected condition than•Icruelty. In 6ome of tbe Colonial Codes, there are face-tious provisions that the slave shall not. receive morethan a certain number of lashes at one time, or for onefault." What is the legal definition of a rime ? ' Or'wuoare the legal judges of /a fault ? If the master should ( The bondage, of which we have given-this descrip- ture, murder the helpless beings to whom they have choose to say tbat it is a fault in his slave to have tion, is hereai.ary. It is entailed on tbe posteritv of given life. And is it not evident tbat where there aremmj..JII mmmmmamm.IIIIIIIMrr^rrrT^--^r~2:~^-^^v^w^;--^^voters are inla each districtIcb, and entering the names in a book, lere should be a club, or a good work- )u)d attend to this matter, and reportSlavery carefully avoid all allusion to a publication services. But it is plain that the shave may sustainmany civil injuries, to which this circuitous mode of slaves to remain nninstructed in the fundamental law*8•.'• H. . _ . . • .i — -•»#& ,"•' &'.i••AJW*# XdOortf TUN- F. T*****.gat: For year* past, I have entertained the viewsjxe^aeotly pnt forth in THX TJUBUN*, in regard to the yrftjtt of a more thorough organization of the rank and jQe of the Republican party. It is thought by some that we have the majority in Pennsylvania, the diffi- culty being to get the vote out on election day. From past experience, it must be evident that the vote canonly be got out by a thorough organization in each •ward andrto'vvn^ ip. And this can only be done by a person going *ach house and asking how manyA RADICAL REPUBLICAN FOR . BATES. J iMCAULAY AGAINST SLAVERY. oppreps, it deprives bhn of his power to manumit; and, rigs. They must become men before they can becomeing man, "whothe same to th< SClub in the county town. Every Ro-believe the present race of public men, as a general-publican, asw< as doubtful voter, should be waitedwith acute mania; that on Tuesday, the 22d day of November last, while at an auction in the neighbor-of tbe slavedrivers and their supporters, this con-mitted against a white man, are considered as most ture teachers to " declare unto them," according to the atrocious, may be committed by anywhite man against expression of an old divine, far too methodisticaJ to beject, like other men, to o<, 'ves an order. Itj« gloV>with documents, or, what is better, THE W?.T.KI.T ITRIBCNJC. Arrangements should becareful m consulting the wnims and caprices of publicSiEnglard he would grin: In the West Indies, the la sev*re flogging on the loir, itabie in supposing that he privilege?upon and puppljsentiment—to look tar enough ahead for its ultimate it every voter on the day of election; judgment—its sober second thought! A man likemade to bringselecting this |is co«t us several defeats,\ B u t CT.pfX^C re have not the majority in Pennsyl- vania, a thing m>t nnlikeiy, as we have at least 75,000 •adutes unable to' rend or write. Of this number, 25,000*areforeigners,and if onehafivevotes,wehive5,000 wboee aid is always given to the Democratic party, aad, consequently, often deciding political contests andCbaae may differ with us in opinion about the methods in which the slave question should be managed; but they know, as I do, that the fixed principles of his character are integrity, honor, and patriotism; aad that his intelligence, Sagacity, and prudence, are equalhood of his residence, he became much excited and troversy has', for the most part, been conducted a slave with perfect impunity. To rob a slave, lor in- violent, refusing restraint fvcm his friends; that this with a disingenuousness and a bitterness to which stance, is, in most of the islands, not >even a misde- restraint was no more than what was necessary to meanor. In this cape, i.he grand principle of Colonial prevent bis ;njuring those about him, and not of a kind literary history furnishes no parallel. Most of the law is snepended. The property of a slave, it seems, or degree to injure him; that he was taken from the honorable and intelligent menswhose names give re- is considered as belonging to the owner for the purpose auction to the house of Mrs. Clarke, his mother-in- spectability to the Colonial party, have, in prudence of oppression, but not for the purpose of protection. law, where he was closely watched by his friends; By the meliorating laws of somC of the Colonies, the that on Thursday morning, Nov. 24, he became very or in disgust, stood aloof from the contest. In their crime of highway robbery upon a negro, is punished raving and violent; that his brother-in-law, F.'.'H.absence, the warfare has been carried on by a raceof scribblers, who, like the mercenary Mohawks, sopushing him a few feet to a lounge, on which Torbell often our auxiliaries in Transatlantic campaigns, is denied to the slave. By the laws of almost all tbeconsidered as an authority in the West Indies, "the* whole counsel of God."The great body of the Colonists have resolutely op- posed religious instruction; and they are in ihe right. They know, though their misinformed friends in En- gland do not know, tbat Christianity and Slavery can- not long exist together. We have already given it as our opinion, that tbe great body of, the negroes can never, while their political state remains the same, be expected to become Christians. But, if that were pos- sible, we are sure that their political state would very epeedily be changed. At eve.y step which the negro makes in the knowledge and disenmination of right and wrong, he wul learn to reprobate more and moro the system under which he lives.He will not indeed be so prone to engage in rash and foolish tumults; but he will be as willing as he now is to struggle for liberty, and far more capable of struggling with effect. The forms in which Chris- tianity haa been at different times disguised, have been often hostile to Liberty. But wherever the spirit has tuimounted the forms—in France, during the wara of the Huguenots—in Holland, during the reign of Philip II.—in Scotland, at the time of the Reformation—in- England, through the whole contest against the jStq- arts, from their accession to their expulsion—in New- England, through its whole history—in every p l a c e - in every age—it has inspired a hatred of Oppression, and a love of Freedom! It would be thus in the West Indies. Tbe attempts which have been made to preae a few detached texts into tbe c%use of tyranny, have r ever produced any extensive effect. Those who can- not refute them by reasoning and comparision, will be hurried forward by the sense of intolerable wrongs and the madnees of wounded affedion. All this the Colo- nists have discovered; and we feel assured that they will never suffer religious instruction to be unreserv- edly given to the slaves. In that case, the Establish- ment will degenerate into a job. This is no chimerical apprehension. There have been clergymen in the West Indies for many years past; and what have they done for the negroes ? In what have they conduced", either to.their temporal or to their spu-itual welfare 7 Doubtless there have been respectable men among tbem. But is it not notorious that the benefices of theColonies have been repeatedly given to the outcasts of English Bociety—men whom the inhabitants would not venture to employ as bookkeepers, yet whom they desired to retain as "boon companions? Any person who will look over the Parliamentary papers which contain the answers returned by the Colonial clergy to certain queries sent out a few years ago by Lord Bathurst, will see some curious instances of the ignor- ance, the idlenee8, and the levity of that body. Wby should the new Ebtablisbment be leea corrupt than tho old ? The dangers to which it is exposed are the same; we do sot see that its securities are much greater. It has Bishops no doubt; and when1 we observe that Bishops are more active than their inferiors on this side of the Atlantic, we shall begin to hope that they may be useful on tbe other.These reforms have begun at the wrong end. "God," says old Hooker, no enemy to EpieoopalEs- tablishments, "first assigned Adam maintenance forlife, and then appointed aim a law to observe." Our rulers would have done well to imitate the example— to give some security to the hearth and to tbe back ofIt by no means follows t! in England will be hujman< Indies. Nothing in so < H the. compassion of m«u. ' the same flesh and blood their friends—they cri »x money to beggars; yet n gladiatorial shows. Whe; elephants were torturec i Oboe was so shocked at •whi' h the poor creature?they burst forth into execi General. The same p*roi probably often given ;n< which condemned some g the sword.* In our own ti ridges in such, numbers tl them, who would chastise with the equally inter;-stir.aion of catching flies ana t drover goads oxed—tha dragoon sabers.a Frencnn bums a Jew-^the Irish ge: These persons are not ne< Each of them would shri«meht, except that to wbic jzed him.There is only one way ir ever convince the people tice is merdfuh that is by We cannot understand wi fight for powers which th If the oppressive privileg and not real, let him ced at once and forever., ' Leihonor. Let him cede then sire, the vain and superflc of tbe people of England. J have become obsolete—iiwhich are never commit bounty of twelve.hundred teeing duty most injuria England and the cultivatoi which alone protects frompo?»eeeiona or the Colomut The fact notoriously iax give protection even toagainst which the'West have already adverted tc sophisms of our opponent* " is our whole body to be of a few? Every society had our Hodge, you had our Hoggins, you had your will ground general cbaiThe leiutation is s mpie. nothk g to prevent guilt, it it. Wickedness, when ptu to the offender. UnpunLih whole society. Our charj not that crimes are perpecrthey are tOleiated. W e \ Since the West Indies ai Newgate Calendar, we wil from that melancholy Keg West Indian Annals. TMMr. Wall was Governor s he flogged a man, to dea On his-return to England, I He escaped to the Couth remained in exile. For tvpie retained the imprefis within their hearts. He * guieed his person—he cfc eyes Were upen him, for length, conceiving that a returned.. . He -was triecamidthehuzzasofaninuc Edward Huggms of JNe^flogged upward of twenty place, wiih such severity one, and to ruin the coast grossly violated the iav,- scribes a limit to such in a in oytnday, and in the pr* was indicted byHhe law ofl Tocato acknowledged the 1 on which he was tried, -waszealots in England, and w forced. Huggins was aca! trifle. Some members of . their seats at the next elect him. A printer of a neis at of a libel, for merely publi the evidence, fransmittelword, he was considered ; -cause, and grew in infinen moet respectable planter, plished gentleman, Mr. T< the prejudices of his clais, the Government to these c naced with prosecutions,: preserved only by blindneSLet these cases be compar was not as bad a man as H the English people have not WalL and that the pubiux Nevis suffers seriously by t have adopted tlTte guilt, ainfamy. We know that tb feet to deride this and w threadbare. • They sneer at cough them down in the H isinvain.•Theyarewrittenand they will have rememl nothings of all the official d tions are forgotten.Tbe truth is simply this tonis, reciprocally produci: other have given to the wb —Dutch, Spanish. French character, in which almostquiixU-r of the world, disrin aro lot-t. We think we de ciem iy when we call it . nothii'g does this temper in* the rage and contempt vri ceive every command, an" from ihe authorities: of chthe territorial power and t the East, India Company t greut body conducted it;-*.- powers treat us hi this immonsuated with tho greate, nent' on ihe subject of the fc repnl&td—we have been d we be*n insulted ' Tbe and people of England h.HN rugtoua scorn and anger owe Uitir food to our hoitroops. To.the mosf geud the suggestions of the 'uoj Indian {•jopriitoi-s resideac in ravings of absurd standJlhe x-pj-ays in their uewspS l«-,uiskiN.rs, the re*oiutioLs| *not?twithoutexception,me £l»u.se, unmixed with argux bociety -would publish a"sm] the leading articles of livetoaicH Gazette, without notl »e belive,do morelolllusi adversaries than by anv oi devii ed. Such a collectiontry the real nature of .that.|sbvd Salisbury, which dei :hrokette honest heart of K It is remarkable, that woe. ry, have httle^pr no peeuuia]•U the Colonies ebon id be rt upon the bookkeepers. necoy emigrants who make niaicu; but upon the EllJurgsi men of-the mo<* W e should bo far huhZ;•r&»liMi»ioii that Com* feyl* ^ Uu, feeing « P « ^ a *ra i.'•...... ,tfEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1860.GEN. CAMERON. vote as soon as they land. They seem t$ think that an To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.But this is not all. The natural right of self-defensejOTeming the State. These zealous patriots alwaysABwis* Providence has ordained that they shall come *«re to teach American-born citizens how to govern ihemserves. They reem strongly impressed with the idea that the Republicans are a set of Vandals, whoare bent on the destruction of our liberties. But taking the 75,000, we hav* 15,000 voter* unable te Tead, 14,000 ofwhom may be counted as Democrats. Now, 14,000 changes make a difference of 23,000, enough to carryany election; from which we may infer that Pennsyl- vania is governed by persons unable to read the ticket tfcey vote. "With this Democratic- Codfish partythe in- tensified American Know-Nothing party commenced an side-door" courtship, which has respited in a mar>»age at Washington. And it was a fitting match, forunite the indifference of the hireling to the ferocity of the cannibal; who take aim from an ambush, and who desire victory only that they may have theirlands, a slave who should defend himself from mur- der or torture,; to the injury of a.white person, though tuch white person should possess no authority what- ever over him, might be punished with death.•fi»e American party is part and parcel of the Democraticparty. They never did and never will harmonize with at Chicago; but if, upon looking over the political hori-the way, except of a strap with which his arms were t vein with us. They, too, may boast that, if our cause confined, which he said hurt his arms. When theythe Republicans. .As to the Democratic party proper, zon, they find such States as Pennsylvania and New- a-large portion is made up of hard-working men who Jersey extremely doubtful with such a candidate, thenarrived at the Asylum^ he manifested no difficulty ingoing up the steps or going up stairs in the institution,and danced along the hall on his way to his apart-ments. When he was bathed, those bathing him dis-covered nothing about bim to attract their attention orto cause them to expect injury; neither did the physi- field-preachers, are to be found in their ranks. The the same punishment as the prisoner, if convicted, cian who examined him on reception. He was put inread but little, and that little often better calculated to ' the good men of the party should cast about to find s a k e them more ignorant. W e expend in Pennsyl- somebody who is stronger.vania in a single Presidential campaign, I suppose, In casting around for the strongest man, you ligbt $500,600 in holding meetings, with the view of chang- upon Edward Bates of Missouri. Now, for my own ing from 5,000 to 10,000 votes, at a cost of from $50 to part, I would very cheerfully vote for Mr. Bates, and, $100 each. Thisis paying a very high price, andespe-only requisites for one who aspires to enlist, are a front of brass and a tongue of venom..would have suffered. If a slave be ignorant of the na- ture of an oath, whyis he admitted as a witness against any human being ? Why is he punished, in some cases, with death, for an oflense which subjects bis more en- lightened, and, therefore, more guilty master, only to transportation? If. on the other hand, he possesses the moral and intellectual qualifications which are re- quired in a witnees, why is he not suffered to appear against an European ? .But we must proceed. The shave, thus excludedcially wh*n we faU short a few votes. Now, I feelconfident that though men change, they are notchanged at meetings, and if they were it would arguea stataof ignorance; for when a voter is so ignorant*i the doctrines of his party that he only finds it out at*. public meeting of the opposite party, he must be so in favor of SIMON CAMKRON, and he is an original Re- fiur behind the times that he is a mere voting tool in the publican. Mr. Cameron, being a Republican, must lands of politicals, who can bring him back on elec- certainly be more acceptable to the Fremont StatesBut it is neither on facts nor on arguments that Slavery seems now to depend for protection. It neitherbushel. The most simple truths fall upon the ear as the asost abstract mystery, unless our intellectual per- •eptienw-are opened to th*ir reception and comprehen- sion. We can only l*arn as our mental perceptions be- eoaae sofSciently developed for the reception of thea single document or public speaker from abroad. We City of IJtica calculated to mislead, and said papers of England,.by which the bondage of the negro has can produce a written authority from his owner. In (Herald and ObserverJ refused to print a corrected been introduced and defined. There is, however, no some of the iblands, not even the command of histruths that may be presented to our minds. Now, if•:we aro-eorrect in onr mode of reasoning, it follows that T* the Editor of The A'. Y. Tribune.the light of facts developed in this examination, seem settlers considered themselves as succeeding to* the ment of the whip. When things merely indifferent are urged by tbe Colonists. If those who conscientiouslyBATES.t i e present mode of relying on political speeenes and SIR: AS diecussion in relation to possible, probable,to us to demand an inquiry into the workings of the rights of the original despoilera of America. Those visited with f.nch severe penalties, it may easily be support Slavery be open to conviction, if its dishonest New-York State Lunatic Asylum at Utica, If Torbell riji hts, as they at that time existed, may be aumm> d up in imagired that real delinquencies are not very merci- advocates be susceptible of shame, they can surelydocument* is far from bein? the best. To change a*>*»-'» politics we • mast first convince him that he is and available candidates for the Presidency seems to beto all State emergencies. Bock hlitnd, IlL, F*b. 23, I960.^B. a.SIR : Any man at all acquainted with the peculiar ele- ments out of whicb the People's Party of Pennsylvania has been formed, must be thoroughly convinced that there axe*eome Republicans whose names liave been mentioned in connection with the Presidency who can-not receive the electoral vote of that State. There are many Republicans in this State as true to the cause as any. to be found in New-York or New-England, but, unaided by men not calling themselves Republicans, they are unable to carry the State next Pall oither forGovernor or President.As yon mention in a late editorial, if the Republicans deem themselves sufficiently strong to carry their can- didate by the mere force of their principles or platform, then Mr. Seward or Mr. Chase should be the nomineeClarke, with others, rushed into the room, Clarke seizing bim by the collar of his coat, around his arms,by fines, which, as far as we are informed, in no ease exceed thirty pounds currency. •what is more, this State would very probably go for him at the general election. But if we can find a man identified with us, who supported us in the campaign of 1856 equally strong with Mr. Bates, would it not be far better for the future of our party to select that man? Nine tenths of the People's party of Pennsylvania are" Omnigennmque Deom monstra, et latrator Annbi|», Contra Neptuuum. et Venerem, contraque Minervam Ttlatenont."iMncotter,community, especially of the unfortunate insane, in5SBS3S SSgggg '--'•* ZSSSST—5ami<: >irata are what m*j be termed well read. They see and hear men differ on politics who ire known to be weD read on both sides, and yet unable to tell which aae the best argument, judging mostly by the amount ef thunder rather than the lightning. It inost be evi- dent to the most common mind that in no way can the evil be overcome better than by supplying THE WXKTCLY TRIBUNE; this coming weekly, the readerwould turn to it as a luxury. A Presidential campaignmost cost the party in Pennsylvania $500,000, and•tSl perhaps loee the election. Now, with one year toge*on, we would undertake to carry the election forthe Republicans with one-tenth of the amount, or$50,000, and keep it carried for all time to come. Ourylan would be to supply a copy of T H E TRIBU.SK to De- all question.Youri, for the caus* of Freedom, Jn«tic<V"Mid Rijbt, C.Mocratic families containing one or more Democraticvoters, as well as every public house, store, shop,fcoaxding-houee, and factory. In this way 50,000 copieswould be read by 100,000 Democratic voters. But if To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.#»ry 50,000 intelligent Democratic voters should read SIR: 1 regret to perceive, by an editorial in your then placing a blanket before the glaas door in the one day. These lawB, unless as they are, have a it for a year, it would turn at least 15,000, making a paper of the £>d instant, that yon " greatly doabt" cell, so that the principal keeper cannot see him when meaning. But there are others which add uiBult to«tHFerence *f 30,000, which would give us a permanent whether Judge Bates can carry Missouri, if nominated he passes through the different parts of the institu- aoajority. It may be done with even 30,000 copies, as by the Chicago Convention. I beg leave to state, with tion.30,000 might be changed who have no interest in the the utmost sincerity, my belief, that Mr. Bates can cer- effiees. Who does not see and firmly believe that this tainly carry this State, whether nominated at ChicagoTOWN ELECTIONS.The following is a liatof the Chautauqua County Su-would be the cheapest and by far the mott effectual aaode. Besides, many great truths in Agriculture, Arts, send Science would be so widely spread, that a good ioflu- «n«*wouldbefeltinalltheramificationsofsociety.It would be- adding a mighty auxiliary to our free-school •ystem. So far as our observation goes, we are strongly naehned to think that the circulation of the usual docu- ments is a waste of paper, as very few Democrats read them, and every Republican is able to give,a reason why he is one, consequently they are of little use ex- cept as a matter of reference. As a great work is toor not; and I will, with your permission, give my rea- »ons for this belief.woolly hair, whom does the law authorize to contra- the slave to the remotest generations. The law does fewer checks, there will be more cruelty ?dict him !....' not compel his master to enfranchise him, on receiving But we are told, the manners of a people, the state of It is just to say that the murder of a slave is now a a fair price. On the contrary, it inteiferes to prevent public opinion, are of more real coneequence than any .capitalcrime. ButtheWestIndianrulesofevidence, tbemaster,evenwhenso'inclined,fromgivinghim writtencode. Manythings,itisconfessed,inthi to which we fhall hereafter call the attention of our his liberty. In some of the islands a direct tax is im- Colonial laws, are cruel and unjuet in theory; but wo"hedene, let no time be lost.n.ber given to Pillmore.In 1857 there was a special election for Governor,Mr. Polk' having resigned, when the result was as fol- lows:47,975 .*. 47,641a34hundred pounds currency, or by imprisenment not ex- Cherry Creek.Sijaa Vinton. Portland Gordon M. Taylor. ceeding the term of three months. By the law of Ja-" Jiorri*tovm, Pa.,F e b .22,I860.Kianton Tomfret Hano\cr Villenovamaica, a master who perpetrates any outrage short of it is that tie free negroes and mulattoes lie under soDOUGLAS—CHASE—BATES. T* the JUttor *f The X Y. Tribune..Stewart (Dem) jlol)m» (Am.)desirable only when compared with the bondage to which it has succeeded. Of the rules to which thisdaily and hourly infringed; and with principles which rest only on public, frequent infraction amounts to a repeal. Nothing that is very common can be very dis- graceful. Thus public opinion, when not- strengthened by positive enactment, is first defied, and then vitiated. At best it is a feeble check to wickedness, and at last it becomeB its most powerful auxiliary. -As a remedy for the evils of a system of Slavery, public opinion must be utterly inefheaoious; and that for this simple reason, that the opinion of the slave* themselves goes for nothing. The desire which we feel to obtain the approbation and to avoid the censure of our neighbors, is no innate or universal sentiment.was nothing like un organization of the Opposition, as lhat I say it: for candor compels me to avo v, that old the Benton Democracy, because they preferred him toStewart, having no candidate of their own in theCape Vinc't.ChaH. Smith.' WorthLEWIS COUNTY. KKPCBMCANH..C. C. Moore. .considerations, from those extreme outrages, againstwhich tbe law affords so scanty a protection. At all We have now accompanied Mr. Stephen through events, during his absence, his negroes would enjoy an mott of the leading topics of his work. We have oc-eration of the power which others possessto serve or to injure us. The good will of the lower orders is courted only in the countries where they possess political priv-» because I wish Mr. Douglas may be that nominee attachments still bind me to my party, if it can be sus-But on the presumption that your views (and mine)> are mistaken; and that Dougla* fails of that nomina- to the Editor of The ~N. Y. Tribune.Last yeur, the Supervisor* stood—Republicans, 7; all others, 10. purpose cf rapacity and tyranny, he is alternately con- sidered as real and as persoral proporty. He may be THEMA.RTI.ANI> SCHOOL FOH SEAMKN.—Areportupon sold or bequeathed at the pleasure of his master. Hegent to the Greeks and Romans. These passages are, the oppressions of the privileged ordor, is the opinion at the same time, in a high degree curious and inge- of the privileged order itself. A vast authority is in- nious, though perhaps toolong and too frequent. Such trutteato the master—the law imposes scarcely any blemishes, however, if they can be called such, detract restraints upon' him—and we are required to believe but in a very slight degree from the value of^a book that the place of all other ehecks will be fully supplied eminently distinguished t>ythe copiousness and novelty by the general sense of those who participate in his of the information which it affords, by the force of its power and his temptations. This may be the reason reasoning, and by the energy and animation of its style. at Kingston; but will it pnes at Westminster ? We are"will fan to say that many others beside myself be- any otter Conservative inan v,e can choose. And, in Floating Schools have been c.rimiuak. and thereby gar-trade. It is fatal to the slave, because, in the first an Ecclesiastical establishment. This measure, we thropist, to no fathers of the church, could powers like Seve that if such a man as Chase is ever elected Presi- finally he iBfrom a Slave State. By nominating him bring disgrace upon the profession. The Maryland place, while it leaves to the master all his power to doubt not, is well intended. But we feel convinced theirs be safely intrusted. Such authority a parenttion, I will venture to express an opinion upon the SIR: Every Republican should know and perform histhe character, objects, arid discipline of the MaryUud may be put up to auction by process of law, for the beuefit of the creditors or legatees.of his master. Inin this (Ferry) and surrounding counties than any otherindividual whose name has been brought prominentlybefore the public in connection with the Chicago nomi-stri<-tionist of a Free State.Semca FalU, Feb. 29, I860.Yours truly,»..Such is the legal condition of the negro, consideredwith reference to bis master. We shall proceed to ex- or by proceesof law, be in an instant separated for-;••-,•rrv:*•iTnera tdvfl*? Arc not ou kind friends, fair dealers not odx names in the snbt itiee? And can yon beIi as the saint* represent that, try merel/croesin BeWJ«K»re?'r Werepl- ent species from oursei not give you powers wit- trust ourselves. We kn< ours. We know that y. ilhitrtfbTQ, we know that/ r e despotic sovereigns , tare than their subjects ?•iary thirst for blood—•« irlendship? 8urely not. doaraeter? False—crnel-- . of -tbem have -performed rosity and heroism; a fe «al administration has behas ;passed through life SK>me one atrocious act,J which restricting laws wo <rietinw. If Henry VIII. ziigbthave torn his wit'.- dog.. Be was a King, ar that his passions were moothjarttien,'but they wereof ^ e West Indian over?* ja»affjwnirmity of Theodosu " of anger, that ami*ble pr.;r pedple than all tbe raft yeers. Thusitiswitha • - will suppose him to be apolicy of bis administration to suit the views of either THEPEOPLBONTHEPRESIDENCY, classes or lections; but that, with his great adminis- trative ability, he will brk-g th* Government oac* .to that line of Jo»y and practice which the feeble ^min- istrations of the last eu-ht years have shirked wrto.such shameless effronterv. '•'.*Or, if Mr. Bates should be the nominee, the reasonswhich you have given in your edition ot Mocday, the 2Cthinbt,are80 plain, so clear, BO couvincmg ttutf. tbev must be patent to every candid observer outside of the beateed circle of parties. Either of those men would suit thousands of Democrats who will vote lor nooiberrominceof their party than Douglas, lam sick of the vile contentions that are carried on with so much heat by both sides. _I have been honest in avowing my preferences for Mr. Douglas, in the face of all the bitter things you have said sgainst him. If he is nominated, I vote for him. If he is not, and either Chase or Bates receives the nomination at Chicago, I vote for him. And in the contingency I have suggested, I believe many of my*own ttripe will do the same. And thev will do itfor the reasons which govern me; for, with me, they County of Madison, summoned in the case of Norria content themselves with misrepresenting and re- jured party, but to his master. The protection which tkat it was made a charge against Mr. Smith, that h«ORGANIZATION THE VITAL NECESSITY.of Missouri. I am pretty radical, as you know, but I don't know but that a restrictionUt and emancipation- ist of a Slave State is as good a man as a mere re-proved by tbe miserable state in which the gang is wrought by St. Anthony on the fish. Can a preacher generally found, when transferred from the ruined prevail on bis hearers strictly to fulfill their conjugalTo the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.'MRSIR: After a little reflection, I have become satisfiedwith your article favoring the nomination of Mr. Bates An Article now First Pnbltaned in to spend as little npon tbem as possible^—a fact amply erable race, may believe in the farnvna conversionINSANE ASYLUM.many respects, the most valuable. W e are not either as pla'ntiff or defendant; nor can he be re:eived aware that any opponent has appeared, sufficiently as informant or prosecutor against any person of freeWe, tie ur.dersigDed, a Coroner's Jury for theis applicable, the damages are awarded, not to the in- banged? This is the alternative. We all rememberfell fairly on one side, Clarke falling upon his knees bythe side of the lounge, with Torbefl'e face against hisvest, as wap shown Hoy the white froth from Torbell'smouth found on the vest of Clarke afterward; he wassecured by tying bis arms; that in the afternoon he be-came quiet and more rational, asking the forgivenessof thoee he had attempted to injure, and expressing ahope that he had not injured thein, and in answer torepeated questions that evening > and the next boasted, with honest pride, that the wise and good inefficient. The testimony of these unfortunate beingsmorning, said he was not injured, except ,a of hostile sects and factions seemed, when Slavery is not admiesable in any cause, civil or criminal,pleasure of scalping and torturing the vanquished. The friends of Humanity and Freedom have oftenW e now come to the laws respecting the evidence of slaves—laws which the Colonists stoutly defend, and with reason; for, while these remain .unaltered, the meliorating acts, feeble at best, must always be utterlyslight bruise on one hand and a scratch* on or the slave-trade was i:i question, to forget their against a white person. To this general rule there are,his little finger, which he received at the in a very few of the smaller Colonies, some partial ex auction: that the doctors who examined him (three in mutual antipathies: that th i introduction of this subject ceptions. It is needless to say that every crime maynumbex) discovered no signs of injury, the neighbors waB to such men what tho proclamation of a crusade be easily perpetrated in a cocumunit-y of which only who attended him constantly, discovered none. On was to the warriors of the dark ages—a signal to sus- one member in ten is a competent witness. The Gov-Friday, the 25th of November, when they started for he Asylum with him,8 he manifested no diflicaltvin fretting into the wagon in which he was conveyed topend all their petty disputes, and to array themselvesernment have pressed this point on the consideration of the Colonial Assemblies. In Jamaica, :he proposed amendments were recently negatived by a majority of 34 to 1. In Barbadoes, they have met with a similar reception. The only excuse we ever heard made for so disgraceful a law is this; tbat the negroes are igno- rant of the nature and obligations of an oath, and, in fact, are scarcely responsible beings. But from this excuse the legislators of Jamaica have excluded them- selves, "by enacting that a slave who commits perjury, in a criminal cause, against another slave, shall sufferunder the same holy banner, against the same accursed lltica; neither did he make any complaint while on enemy. In this respect the slavedrivers are nowa crib bed, and kept in this until two days before hedied. After he had been there several days it wasdiscovered that he had some difficulty of the lungs,which the physician attributed to congestion of thelungs. The difficulty increased, and on Dec. 7 thefriends of deceased were informed that he was in acritical condition, and that they might visit him. On orabout the 9th of December the physicians made thediscovery that the patient was suffering from an injury doubles, nor stands at bay. It has neither the inge-which had fractured ribs on both side*, and the stern- nuity of the hare, nor the intrepedity of the lion. Ithas received support from honest men of all religious and political parties, theirs has tended, in as great a de- gree, to combine and conciliate every form of violence and illiberally. Tories andjftadicals, prebendaries andum. He died on the morning of the 11th of December, defends itself, like a hunted polecat, by the loathsome- from the protection of the law, is subject to all its re-and on a post mortem examination it was found that ness with which it taints the atmosphere around it; and straints. He undergoes the miseries of a beast ofhe came to his death from injuries inflicted on nis chest, burden, without enjoying its immunities. ;He is bound, producing inflammation of the lungs. The sternum hopes to escape, by disgusting those whom it can notwithstanding that a'l^fir^d inferiority of his under-tion day. Ir. would seem that the only proper way to than Mr. Bates, not a RejmbUcan, and, what is more,•ban ge a man is to lay before him fact after fact, at there cannot be a shadow of doubt of his ability to ride and two upon the other were fractured, and one subject. But the sum is, that " the worm will do his ing his rights, but not for lightening his responsibility, j^galarintervalB, that bis mind may hare time for re- carry this State. The County of Lancaster alone, the 'or two a double fracture. The officers of the institu- kind"—and we have a more important task to per- by the whole of the criminal code which is in forcelection; that he may- digest them in the order of their " Old Guard" in Whig times, would certainly give him tion, from their inquiry, came to the conclusion that form. It is our intention to. analyze, very concisely, againttfree persons. And, in addition to this, he is jeeeption. You may talk to a Democrat till tlie 6,000, if not 7,000, majority. I repeat, if a candidate is Torbell received the injuries before being received subjected to another most unjust and cruel code, made into the Asylum, and so testified before the Jury. the valuable work of Mr. Stephen, and afterward to for his claes alone. If be flies from the Colony, he is*crack of doom" about the corruptions of the Admin- to be selected who stands the best chance for carrying The Jury, after bearing all the testimony, offer to our readers some remarks which the perusal of put to death. If he goes beyond the limits of the plan- istration, and convince him for the time being, but it Pennsylvania, Simon Cameron is the man. and especially the conflicting testimony of the it suggested. tation to which he is attached, without a written per-w21 prove mere psychology in th« «nd. As soon as the I write this, not as a particular friend of Mr. Cameron, attendants, together with. medical testimoay, unani- mission, be is liable to be severely punished. Actions' •peaking has ceased, it will be all over with him. And mously came to the conclusion that the injuries Mr. Stephen begins by inquiring into the origin and in themselves perfectly innocent—buying or sellingbut simply to suggest my own ideas of expediency. If were inflicted at the Asylum; that since the pub- authoiity of the Colonial Slave.laws. It haa been com- certain goods in a market—rairing certain, descriptions Una must be so from the nature of the human mind. Mr. Cam«i uu nhonld \>A the nominee, wo pledge the lication of the verdict of the Jury a garbled statement monly supposed in England that there exists some of produce—-possessing certain species of live stock—We do not grasp knowledge by the square yard or State for him next November, without the assistance of of facts has been put forth in the papers of the known local law in the Colonies, distinct from the law are crimes for whish tne negro is punished, unless hewas found broken in two pieces; fi re ribs upon one neither weary nor subdue. We could say much on this standing, which is admit-eO an a reason for curtail-would tbtn be able to fight the battle on our own hook, btatement. They charged the jury with prejudice, and such law. Tbe colonists could, at no time, venture to owner is admitted as • an excuse. To beat a drum, to the slave, before they sent him Bishops, Archdeacons,Your*, fcc, Pa., F«b. 21,1860.JAMKS F. MORGAN.them. The nature of the cape and the interest of theeign. Tbe Spanibh conquerors and the roving pirates of the Antilles had established that state; and tha Englishsquibs, to make fireworksj are all oftbuses when com- mitted by a slave, and subject, him to the cruel chastise-The work of Mr. Stephen has, we think, disposed for ever of some of the principal arguments which.;ar«received bis injuries at the Asylum, as we believe he one ehor1. and terrible maxim—tbat the slave is the ab- fully dealt with. In fact, many actions for which a never again resort to that mode of defense, which theyhave BO often employed when hard pressed by soma ' particular case of oppression. On such occasions their cry has been, "These are individual instances. Yon must not deduce general conclusions from them. What would you say if we were to form our estiaite ofapplied, for an asylum for the insane is a necessity of the relation between the master and the slave. trary tojthe duty of their allegiance! gibbet, are there suiierred to exist unpunished; thatdid, there is a wrong that needs rectifying; if be did white man is only imprisoned, or otherwise slightly not. the institution should be exonerated. This we solute property of the master. It is desirable that this punished, if punished at all, are capital crimes whensentiment of this locality is for Bates—overwhelmingly ft is presupposed in all meliorating acts. It is the rule, and a long list of equally heinous crimes. We have Tirz difficultyarises fromthefact thatso few Demo- so,too. Hewouldundoubtedlycommandmorevotes inmateoftheAsylumistousquiteevident. Thathe andtberestraintsareexceptions.Inthebenefitswhich alreadymeDlonedtheinfamouslawwhichexistsinthe order of the day, allow me to contribute a mite to resiTectfully ask at your hands. That Mr.' Torbell should be known; because, although a few restraining committed by a slavel Such are stealing, or attempt- wrong. To do this will require more than a few doc- the general subject. It is not to be denied that the can»e to his death by inhuman treatment there is no statutes have of late years been passed, this odious ing to steal, to the value of 12d. currency, killing any uments, however plainly they may set fo/th his errors. doubt, and that that treatment was received while an rinoiple is still the basis of all West Indian legislation, animal of the value of 6s., uttering mutinous words,English society from the police reports, or the gatecJalendarfLookattherules,andnotattheexcep- tione. Here, then, we have those boasted rules. And what are tbey ? We find that ihe actions which otherwas sent there as to a refuge where he could be better every other English subject derivea from the common Jamaica on the subject of perjury. Another of a mostcared for than among his friends is a legitimate con- law, 'he negro has no share. His master may lawfully kingly character is in forse in the same island. Toclusion. If while there he was injured in such a man- treat him as he pleases, except in points regulated by compass or imagine the death of any of the white in- eocietics punish as crimes, are in the West Indies sanc- ner as to destroy his life, the people of the State of express enactment. habitants (God bless their Majesties!), is an enormity tioned by law; that practices, of which England af-nation. Personally, I am a straight Republican, and New-York shoald know it, and the remedy should be Mr. Stephen proceeds to analyze the legal nature of for which a slave is punished with death. It is con- fords no example but in the records of the jail and th»Chase, Seward, or some man who has been identified the most important kind. That you will make such in- Throughout the West Indies, Slavery is.1 a constrained Such is the .penal code to which the slaves are sub- atrocities may there be perpetrated in the drawing-with the Republican parly since 1854, would be my quiry as in your wisdom you may 'deem best. Most eerv.ee—a service without wages. In some of..the ject. The manner in which they are tried is, if possi- room or in tbe market-place, on the persons of untriedindividual choice; but availability must not be left out of the question. If it be ascertained that Bates re-respectfully yonrs. colonies, indeed, there are acts which regulate the time ble, still more disgraceful. On charges which do not and unconvicted individuals, which here would searce- Signed by A. S. Saunders, M.D.. as foreman, and of labor, and the amount of tbe subsistence which sha'l affect their lives, a single Justice is, for the most part, fin.d an asylum in the vaults of the Blood-Bowl'or, in other words, to opposition to Siavery Extension, it-is my deliberate opinion that he would be the strong- est candidate that the Republicans could bring into theThere has been for some time a current rumor of islands, even these ostensible reforms have not taken 8un>moned, if tbat name can be applied where there isin that institution, and an Investigating Committee has field. That he would be so in. this locality is beyond been appointed-Xew-Lexington (Perry Co.J, Ohio, F e b . 21,18C0.CAN BATES CARRY MISSOURLThere is, also, a rumor that the under or wardkeep- and in eome of tbe islands he may legally flog him at ers are in the habit when any patient will not go into his discretion., The best of the meliorating acts promisetbat the execution shall immediately follow the sen-tence. The prisoner is now sufficiently lucky to behanged. But formerly it was not unusual to inflictwhat the Colonial codes style c: exemplary punish- every injury. If the' first prince of the blood were to ment.'' When it was thought expedient to exerciseIn 1856, when each-party ran a candidate for Gov- pervisors elect:ernor,thevotestoodthus:Polk (Dwn.)Kwiug (Ara.) Benton (Ben. Dein.)CHAUTAUQUA COUNTY. XKPI;BI,M;ANB.The American and Benion Democrats thus polling 21,216 votes more than the Democrats proper..Orton Clark. Poland.In the following November both wings of the Dem- Klle>y EJHcottWm. C. Benedict.Sherman Aug. F. Allen. Stockton John F. Farmun. Wentfieldimprisonment. In Dominica,.for instance, "to maim,deface, mutilate, or cruelly torture" a slave, is a crimewhich is to be expiated by a fine not exceedirg oneSlavery in the West Indies is confined to negroesar d people of 'color. This circumstance is peculiar totbe S'avery of 'heNew World; and its effects are most The rules of evidence on which public opinion pro- calamitous. The external peculiarities of the Africanrace ate thus associated in the minds of the Colonistswith everything degrading, and are considered as thedisguetirig livery of the most abject servitude. Hence• Majority for StewartRepublican!), lb; all othera, 6.The Board of Supej-visors in Jefferson County was as far as it goes, to the negro, is a very slight aggrava- odious. We speak of the presumption against liberty,SIR: A Democrat of " the old school," I venture toaddress a few words to you on the subject of national Rather a close shave for a State that has always been elected as follows:tion of the punishment of the master. At most it is wbicb is a recognized principle of Colonial law. The46,889 vot««. -K>,578 vot«m. 27,527 vote*.Arkwrigbt....John C. Grinwold. GerryRob't Lenox. Sardius Steward.Henry Bliun. Phil'p Lazelle. G. W. Patterwon.ocratic party united on Buchanan for President, and Ellinjrtoutogether gave him less than 10,000 votes over the num- French Creak. H. P. Fenton.ceeds are defective, and its decisions are capricious. Itg condemnation frequently spares the guilty and falls on the innocent. It is terrible to sensitive and generous minds; but it is disregarded by those whose hardened depravity most requires restraint. Hence its decreea, however salutary, unless supported by the clearer defi-Democratic! HKinrni.iCAJJii. AAamn .' •C. A. Benjamin. Le RoyYou will perceive that while Mr. Stewart gained Antwerp .. .Jno. H. Conkljn. Lorraine only 1,086 votes on Mr. Polk, Major Rollins gained on B'rownville • flenry 8picer. Orlean*West Indian maxim is, that every negro and mulattopolitics- I read your letter from our sister city, Day-en-joit, with great interest, in which you gave cogentTeaeons for your belief that Douglas would be the nom-iaec of the Democratic Convention at 'Charleston. Mr. Ewing 7,063 votes—nearly 10,000 of the voters of Clayton . . . . John W . Ingalls. Pamellu James Jones. .iThata|rpeared to me as plain and convincing a bt"ite- the previous year not going to the polls.aaent as could be made, and showed that you had ntud- It ought to be remembered that in the year 1857 thereElHBburRh. ,G. M. Hopkuison'. Rodman. .Nathan Strong. Henderson William Dobson. Rutland ... .A.C.Mtddleton-If these terrible prerogatives were confined to the —that he is a citizen of Hayti or Columbia. All this ismaster alone, the condition of the slave would be suf- immaterial. If he cannot produce a deed of manumis-ficiently wretched. Yet it would not be without alle- bien, he is liable to be put up to sale by public auction !viations. The proprietor might sometimes be retrained On this subject remarks would be superiluous. Thank It always springB, directly or indirectly, from consid-Denmaik . . . •Lewis Pierce. Martinsbiirgli Edwin Pitcher, tained upon such a policy as / believe Douglas would field. It is different now. There appears to be a Diana. JOB. Paihud. New-Bremen Jerome KUts.casionally departed from hiB arrangement, which in- ileges, and where there is much they can give, and interval of security. Unhappily, the Colonial Codes deed is not always the most convenient. This, how- much that tley can take away. Their opinion is im-tion), by 25,000 majority. St. J^uie.Jftb. 25, \Wi.SOL. SMITH (American).Lewi» MontagueCruonJenks. West Turin.•S.C. Thpmprton. J. M. Gardner.1NDKFKKDBNT.Croghan Patrick Sweetmon.circumstances under which tho work was composed.If there be anything else to which we should be in-clined to object, it is to the lengthened parallels whichMr. Stephen>draws between the Slavelaws of the |West Indies- and those which have existed in othercountries. He is not, we think, too severe upon our the slaves in onr islands.CASSIUS M. CLAY FOR PRESIDENT. fa chattel. We should rather say that, to serve the" ColoniBtB. But we suspect he is a little too indul- The opinion then, which is to guard the slaves fromprobabilities of the result, in the event, that Chaseor Bates secures the nomination at Chicago. The not yet known who is the proper man to bear the Floating Schools for Beameu has recently been made either of these ways he may be, in a moment, torn for- high moral character of Chase; h.U$trong telf-reltaur^ standard of the party. Permit me to suggest that (as by the Board of Public School Commissioners. Pupils ever from his borne, his associates, his own children. Ms moral courage (which of our public men has haa are taken at any age, and the school has been fouud He is, in addition to this, legally a subject of mort- eo much since Jackson's day, except Henry Clay ?), one who desires success), we could make a very good attiactive to boys who will attend no other. In addi- gages, demises, leases, settlements in tail, in remain-duty—the party should knov) andperform itsduty. It isten others, as Coroner's jury. . be given in return. But from causes to which we shall competent to decide. In capital cases, several Justices Souee.sponds heartily to the great idea of National Freedom, BKOOKKIKT.D, Jan. 24, 1860. hertafter advert, these acts are nugatory. In other mnst attend, and, in most of the Colonies, a Jury isIs it any answer to this charge, now most fully es- tablished, to tay that we too have our crimes ? Un- questionably, under all systems, however wise, under all circuir stances, however fortunate, the passions of men will incite them to evil. The most vigilant po- lice, the most rigid tribunals, the severest penalties, are but imperfect restraints upon avarice and revenge. What then must be the case when these restraints ara withdrawn ? In England there is a legal remedy forbrutal treatment from the hands of the under keepersplace; and the owner may legally give his shaves as neither parity of condition, nor rignt of challenge. No much to do, and as little to eat, as he thinks fit. indictment is preferred. No previous investigation In all the islands, the master may legally imprision takes place before a Grand Jury. In most of the his elave. In all the islands be may leg illy flog him; islands no record is drawn up. In some, it is enactedlitfJe, and perform lees. By some of them it is enacted, the cell at their request or offers any resistance, to jnaip that the slave shall no' be flogged, till recovered fromupon him, thrusting their knees into his sides, and the effects of his last flogging—by others, that he shall otherwise brutally treating and disfiguring him, and notrecehe more than a certain number of lashes intreat tbe poorest pauper in St. Giles's as the bast code in tbe West Indies authorizes a master to treat his slave^ it would be better for him that be had never beenreaders, render the execution of the laws on this sub-ject almost impossible. The most atrocious kinds ofmutilation— even those which in England are punishedwith death—when committed upon the person of a Clymer.......HerculcB Rice. Sheridan JohnC. Cranson. Blave, subject the offender only to a fine, or to a shortposed on manumission; and in all, the encouragement wbicb is given to the practice of raising money on ne- groes by mortgage, tends to obstruct their liberation.are assured tnat the feeling of tbe Colonists renders the practical operation of the system lenient and libe- ral. We answer, tbat public feeling, though an excel- lent auxiliary to lawo, always nas been, and always must be, a miserable and ineflicient substitute for them.John A. Hall. Harmony. Chen. L.Norton. MinaBunt!CorrollCharlotteChaut8iiqua...M'n G. Freeman. RiployGeorge Relf.Win. ¥. Falconer. Simeon ColllnH.nKKOCKATS.George A. Hall.AMKKICAN A S P DKMOCKAT.I'KOPI-K'B TICKBT. AMERICAN.Champion. ."Win. J. Bontley. Philadelphia.John Allis.Lyr Jacob Putnian. meTheresa... .Joseph /Vtwoll.Witteitown .A.W.Clark. DKMOCKATHWilnajnore than ordinary care and intelligence. Perhaps, i, such. Major Rollins received a portion of the votes o:" Alexandria . .Andrew Cornwall. Hownsfield •Sjlvea'jr J.Lewis. by a sense of his pecuniary interest, if not by higher God, we are writing for a free people.iedthetemperandtendenciesoftheNorth-west, with.Chas.W. Smith.Eli»h* Norton. Chandler Scott. Martin Crowell.murder on the person of bis slave, is subject to a finenot exceeding one hundred pounds currency, or to im-prisonment not exceeding the term of twelve months.In very atrocious cases, the Court may direct the en-franchisement of the slave. But this, though a benefit, class is subjected, we shall notice only one of the mostLewia Palmer. E. Remington. John Tollman.a manner as to render him helpless, is rather burden- some than profitable, it would in many caseB be really an advantage to the criminal. .''..' 'evidence he can be proved to be otherwise*. It may be notorious that he has been free since he first resided in the Colony—that he has lived twenty years in Englandhie undoubted patriotism, his intelligent statesmanship, fight with CASSIUS M. CI-AY as our leader. I think he tion to the usual branches of an English education, all der, and in reversion. The practice of raising moneyhis pure public recoil—will all go a great way to would be the best leader we could choose. are instructed in nautical science. Tue report animad- on tlis species of proporty, is favored by the laws of which the lamentable state of the law on the subject West Indiee. We do not say that they are naturallyverts in strong terms upon the principle of the Massa- all the Colonies, and has been equally fatal to the of religious instruction is described; because the evil more cruel or more sensual than ourselves. But wo reconcile many Democrats to what th<y believe his He is a man of talent. He is a man of nerve. He is chusetts School which only admits boys taken from the owner and to the slave. It is fatal to the owner has been universally acknowledged, and s>methuig in- say tbat they are men; and they desire to be consid-mistaken views on the much-vexed subject of Slavery. a consistent man. Ue is honest. He is Conservative. State. Reform School for juvenile offenders, as calcu- because it enables him to risk capital not his tended for a remedy has at last been provided. sidered as angels!—we say as angels, for to no human As an humble member of that party iot thirty year*, I He is more acceptable to the radical Republicans than lated to hold out to the world that all persons educated own, in the precarious lottery of the West Indian su- The imagined specific, as our readers are aware, is being, however generous and beneflcient, to no philan-Schools are doing well, and have already accomplished dent, he may be relied upon for an honest, upright, we will do what the Democracy will not dare to d o - much.tbat,,nnless combined with other reforms, it will prove ought not to have over his childsen. They ask very almost wholly useless. The immorality and irreligion complacently, "Are we men of a different »peeiea fromboth in Law and Practice, and compared with tho tical and personal degradation. They are not consid- you in all your kinds of business and pleasure; we baywise discharge of Che nigh functions of that office, chvosc a candidate from the South. Republicans,without fear or furor; that he will not yield to the think of Cassius M. Clay as a candidate who will leadThe very of the Brftiah Weit India Cokmie* delineated, of the slaves are a necessarv consequence of their poli- yourselves? We come among you; we mingle with«ei*7 clamors of pdrtbaas; that he will not ihape the you to victory.John Dameng was arrested for the murder of Pat- ttlavery or other Countries, Ancient and Modern. B Y JAMHa and sell with you on 'Change in the morning; we dance^8T»PH»if, eiq. Vol. I.. being a Delln«»Uoa of the SUte in JK>l»t ered by the law as human beings. And thsy have with your daughters in the eTexung. Are no* our r***PORTLAND, Me , Friday, March 2,1860. rick Coesidy at Capo Elizabeth, OBWedseoday night.only an addition of a few pounds to the fine. And asthe possession of a Blave who has been maimed in such is to be considered as a slave, until by documentaryofjUw. London, BnMnrorth, ISH, Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069therefore, in gom« »ea»uxeJ ceased to be human be-secondly, because it leads the master to keep posses- Christians. A great effect may, under fortunate cir- sion of his negroes, and to compel them to labor, when cumstances, have been wrought on particular individ-he has no prospect of holding then long, and is there- uals. But thoee who believe that any extensive effectfore naturally inclined to make as much by them and can be produced by religious instruction on this mis-America.From the Edinburgh. Review for Junuary, 1825.Of the ntfmerouB excellent works in which thisimportant subject has lately been discussed, that of amine into the nature of the relation in which he stands ever? Can he persuade them to rest on the Sunday,RUMORED BARBARITIES IN THE UTICA Mr. Stephen* is the most comprehensive, and^in toward free persons in general.He is not competent to.be a party to any civil action,in Colonies where the law appoints that time for tho markets? Is there any lesson wlich a Christian min- ister is more solemnly bound to teach—is there any lesson which Jt is, in a religious point of view, more important for a convert to learn, than that it ns a doty to refuse obedience to the unlawful commands of su- periors? Are the new pastors of the slaves to acul- eate this principle or not ? In other words, are tnaThe Utica Asylum affair is creating considerable intiepid to deny, his statements, or to dispute their condition. He is protected only as a horse is protected in this country. His owner may bring an action againstattention in Albany. The following iBthe petition of results. The decent and caatious advocates of any person who may have occasioned the loss of histhe Coroner's Jury:To the Honorable the Legiilature of the State of New-York, in Senate and Auembly convened:viling what they cannot even pretend to confute. In" too fond of the Right to pursue the Expedient"—too respectfully repreeenCthat said Torbell was at&ckea truth, it is not too much to assert that, on the part very narrow extent. Many crimes which, when <som- congregation—excellent encouragement for their fu-rule, are sadly deficient in that moral courage which is Torbei,late of Brookfield, in said county, deceased,indictments and criminal informations afford, is also of had read an inflammatory chapter of,the Bible to hisplanter to the half-ruined mortgagee.dn'ies in a country where no protection is given to their conjugal rights—in. a country where the hueband and wiTe may, at tbe pleasure of the master,which they feel to he unanswerable; and the boldest obtaining redress is not applicable; and even when it of Christian morality, or are their teachers to I>ethis right, the offender was roasted alive, hung up inirons to perish by thirst, or shut up in a cage and starvedto • death! These punishments were commonlv re- born. Yet even here we find, tbat wherever power is served forwretches who had committed the diabolical given, it is occasionally abused; that magistrates, not crime of insurrection against the just and paternal Go v- having the fear of the Court of King's Bench before ernment, of which we have feebly attempted to delin- their eyes, will eometimes be guilty of injustice and. eate the excellence. tyranny; that even parents will sometimes starve, tor-many legal disabilities, and experience such contempt-uous treatment, tbat their condition < can be esteemed nitions and stronger sanctions of legislation, will beWe have not alluded to that part of the work in not inveighing againBt the white inhabitants of tho www.fultonhistory.com 