•s '.MORNING EDIWON-MONBAt,*9ltBOLB NO. 8789.1*3!lint,I MF >aip^ia^r^p^fp<atmrBa"sdelicate organization, the temperament most alliedto ge- titudes were sees hurrying thither, next absorbed at between two \ in aios,andtohimthepathsofpeso®aremostwelcome.The tention,andtheyoungBaronteemedslightly perturbed eighteenmilesvers, and afa disroace of about hother,Isthbspotonwhichbe ch sn4ed tho'BHUsh dominion inNmewdftkiw<ror, of Mount'Aabora: alto with Mies Biltoa, theaasgbter of one of the .-"'.ate Judges. cient sage, "and whatever pertaias to man ii of interest (ireat precaution was taken against accidents—men withsion e.f the eermo) th* rector addr the congregation, The professor is a tall, portly, jivial man of probably affecting appeal on behalf of the noble baud of Faglisb thankiai tbem, cfally the ladv for their co opera fifty years, and as he moved liahtly round his table,in-. and American ladies laboricg with eevotoeinesB andrrcMtts H i1 tecnt river, the 1 orThe Right Reverend Btebop SKITBeseeodad the paipt, tnd teiected his tost from tho thirteenth chapter of the Epistle of Paul tbo Aposttsto tbo Hebrewo. the tenth verse:—"We have on altar whereof they have no rigbi t >rr^mamiqiiuiiii!£ nj i i i p i n ! i•""•"•"•"^^eBBBBBBJ•psaSBBJBBBPSSfP «*Pass ^— "W"WPP TIE PERCE.uitaroi rhv—Pwtka* #* Amerim4 A r t e * ¥j the 3 HI Blown. Duh- end Prince, *c,4cwhich wasa of addiuosalry feaat.ng their Tlmoa w H h h i tprla-iery person. On retornmglrem this tour of Inspeo- t!oa,taopretsed himself much pleased, and graciously remainedwithhispartyandtheaccompanyinggentle- men,ontheupperdeck. Bemarkedwithevidentinte- rest tbo transition of scenery, and rather listened to than actoalrr engaged ia the conversat !on of h a croup.Owr Soldiers 1stFIFTH BbGDOMf A T BBDUM'B 1KLAKO.# FWALES*f B BThe Fifth regiment, Colonel „wl i o m V p v l l SThe following are the names of our noble visitors:—jsntaanl eSovnOV-l*tt DitMKt of <*otml*—Tkt tgi- J-ord Renfrew, his Grace tbo Duke of Newcastle, the Bart tweea the York irivers. It remained the we are confirmed in the belief, from the strict disciplinetil 1779, when the seat of go enforced at Fort Wool by the ontotif of the Fifth, andto Richmond; fifty eight miles~a it had a population of about the readiness and zeal of the troops to make their stayThe natoro of Albert Kiward, Prieco «f Wales, is of a highly sensitive order, tad there is a timidity tbooi him jftPAETTTBE TOR PITTSBURG. which makes hint efcriak from contact with a large and tumultuous crowd, «uch as that which surrouadedhis car-S«B^nisoescM and BealitiM of the RoyalIt BOW consists of On. the banks of fhi;ifes from Its mouth. p'.dttod dwellings stream stand theat half post eleven o'clock in the forenoon the trooptin the garrison were assembled cm' tbo ''parade'' Inside est that serve the tabernacle. • The first part of the dis- the fort, when Chaplain Edey read the morning servfoe of course was to ihow the connectim existieg bstweeo tbo the Protestant Episcopal church. The oncers of the Book of Leviticos and the Kpletle to the Retreeo— regimentwerepresent TboChaplainreadtte lessonsin the material sad ceremonial ordlaaaoes of the. a clearanddittiict voice,whichwasHstene-1tobythe flret receiving tbelr filfitmebt aod a-crtapi.ia troops with the v.tmott retp-^tand attention. ment ia tiie other. The Epistle to the Bew Aaami*gan and the spot our countryEE INDEPENDENCE,' WALES. }1 • ta'PebnsySgreat obstacles to their proper understanding of the plan tlmple ted merciful provisions of the christian law. The words of tho text were directed to these; wavering people.•*,ft*••>-graceiully raiting bit hat in response.An immense multitude congregated, swarmed, at the[From the Thenewseas of the ensuingian.Sept 2 9 ] ;anoperatop menceontoo9th « , undo tjedly, be the mist jjrrctty; for with it be ever mcaiorobieg* tocssAH, Stat. 30,1980.THE PRISTCSOPWALESAT'ST.LOOTS.*>Wtfer.LOi:1S COSIUSTOMMISOS.Sr. Lons/lla., Sept, ff, 1MQ. IT* J"rwa» 2>» £»«to^!CKy~ia<C*«MqCe^^tterihi all this i withourearly" townitWi!"to which tl Jamestown ta II neatand ceaveare objecta.of interest •ittsry. Se^snillmfromJames--ofVtrgtata, frnu t of its greater healthful-It Baituateffota a level pstta, he-gressingfinelylatheirdutiesingarrisonatFenWood, Bedlce'sIsland. ThesowandhnporttsttfeotcrowtVch they ore sow isaosarstiag moor votanteer military or-ganiration most be viewed as a great egrpprimeat; wotpn^Cbngctt-Sernton»F ..KmyjIJ*Pee-St, George's etmrch, Stuyvesant square, was erowdea yesterdey msrniag by a highly respectable and tVhtee- abl^ congregation, most cf whom, opart from the regaitr worshippers at this cborch, were drawn together to hear a discourse from the Rijht Bev. Geo. Smith, lard Ihthrp of the gee of Victoria, ia the British seMJsmeat of Bong Kong, China. Ataoag the audleeet we nettotd the Bet Jdward Ixchmere i:uia, <a the Protosant Episcoea ChurchiatheIslandofJamaica Thoservicesberatrtt half-post ten o'clock, aad were conducted with oil Us* solemn simplicity peculiar to the Anglican Church. TheOK tbs C!tf of Alton steamer yesterday his Royal High,. seas politer) accepted the invltat; >a of the captain to look Par tne rs o f tiie Royal at too engine and othf r ntaehiaery o* tha boat, and aftordistant. In Its two thousand circle whichsmall, the. poll w s n d brilliant Governors gave tt oa 'on, aad attracted province, Io otherprofitable in acquiring a knowledge of the duties of agarrison, that the experiment will prove a sucsess, tadwo hops to see the e .ample followed by other rof'.mentiia the First Division. The Fifth have*alreadyacquired a pretty general knowledge of the details oreturningfromtbeiwpectiJBbeexpressed bit pleatiro attheopportunityafiudedhim.B*hu,u Ihave often had oceeasioa to mention, a quick eye for theTHi PRINCE A t HIS DEVOTION9. pietcreenoe, and from the miscellaneous crowd assembled at Uw Alton landing place to the mocth «f the Maaeoari,Llsrht Fantastic.reigningfatallyoftheBritishIsles,andthehadcome from a distant town in Iiltneis, on purpose to tee and shake hands with the young Prince.*as tncolonialdays. Ungiishmanaturn- er, with few eg- t of the private atton; the w'nge church and other profound quiet, asseveral ttins to the itland, bringing thither large cumbers of the frtenot of the regiment from this cur-•raw •f f•rfcHollow, pervadet ber )ar^t, «[>iarri*B, steamboats, the Lindsll Hotel, the trom Wilitarosbu'gt. Twelve mtiosoathatsaarni with. During the day the steamer Oliver M Petti madenandthence onward to t h e ft. Loads' levee, too varied and aceaery by the way ware objects of hie d mand shores—not excepting Bloody Island, of which hisfor army, who is an accomplished lnstruoior in the sci- ospbere of Sleooy ence of the artillery arm.turbulent manifestations of t mob, however well m-:*ntor dictated b y good feeling, could aot fail Is grate harshlynpsftone of so much natural sal acquired refinement.Therefore the tower strata of the democratic element mayprove *>roewhat uncongenial to him. But I am happy totay that" the j-«ople of the Uuitea States -eoc- landing. With same difficulty a passage wat kept clear raL'y, and the superior order particularly, hare [ by the police, through whlcb, preceded by one of hismaeio afnll dress p trade, in which every man in girritoa,offioen snd soldiers, not employed on guard daty, partici- old attachment for their snelont oeremooia! falLc-, a,d pated. Theformulaofthis ce•cmony laquite interesting, the ordinances of thelevitical law freqoently became both to the expert an 1novice ia military mliters. Aftorthe parade Brigade Ifsjor 8. M. tlfqrd iaspeoted tbearmsand arcoutremebtg ot the troops. Tbo inspection wassc'ti-.eibingmorethanamereformalati'air,as ea--,hmus-' Who weretbua instructedthat those- wlfoservedoc tb» kct was minutely examined, andcommendati-n aad con-demnation placed where they respectively belonged.Among the prominent military gentlemen present W4<wcompanions and followed b y the o .hers, t h e Prince passed studied hit comfort, pleasure tad wishes with a . to bis carriage, constantly elevating his hat ia tcknow- tea jp tader the saperintendeece of Mr. Pike, has beea a delVary dietstod by that good tease which j bdgment of the greetings that met bim. From Bar- is their prevailing ctaraettrtttic, that hat not failejto : nuni'a five elegant chaises were In waiting for the party.erica, viz: the visit,TaesaU la honor of the Prince at the Opera Boost, gotFirst I.icuterant W. A. Webb, Fifth reg meat raited tho cotitradi-tiEclion and contrast between toe iaa-isa (Hatesinfantry;LieutenantAlex.V.Haskeir, Firstreg.- tabernacle andtheChristtanaltae.ahd,sjoondlr to Sment Unitod Slates infantry; Lieutenant E. 3. Jackson. velnpe and espttia the great truth ehloh it contalaod iaSnJlaat feature of the royal visit. Oarda of invitation aaUKoe«aaioa,gottcaa0tetfte highest order of Ame- rican typography a a d ornamentation,were iataedaad aat to'the proaateesd citizens.TbetMsegreeof the affinr.bythe phraseology of the "card*/' teemed to adopt theBnuio'splan of diacard- •M ihci uaenpneoious name applied to the royal guest, af Lor*, or Bftraa Renfrew, at their tkkeu expremly •tabdmatthebailwasfarthe"Receptionof HisRoyal Eghocm tLo Prince of Walea ' The Opore Bout, where, tatca* was held, w a t most bril^sntiy iOnstiaatsd, and jihastjfcnette v a t fioorwiever to the stage, open to tbo jatB the decorated with nat-oral flowers. In size theThe Prince alone gained his vehicle with anything like lmaress him aad his guile with a very favo able idea uf j facility, the others found considerable difficulty in trnniheeut Academy of Basle, and re a t doing t o in preference to a grand opera Oho b e pr >duce i here ie w e have Of doubt, a s no effort the cnteruinmeut worthy of the themagnidcfeSt troupe of artists w York wiH]ho sent over hare- corps recent performing h e r e -First regiment Uaitod States artillery; Col. Joseph CPincksey. I.iciitenant»C'oi. Zook and Sargom Wade, of theSixth regiment New York State tltllila;- .Tadge AdvocateArthur. Kccondhrlgade staff: Captain Burger, Twenty . through every part of the church. After a masterly eghvh regiment; Commissary Sergeant Clearmac, of theAmerican consideration and courtesy. There has beea ' versing the eager crowd. Some little effort was also In- a universal desire to pay him respect tad do him honor, • dispensable before the horect could be driven through the swaying masses o' humanity. The foot wot at length accomplished, and the royal party found themselves luxu- fare. The enthusiasm has beea even greater than was j riously at rest beneath the hospitable roof of Messrs.displayed by the people of the British Provinces, a - I Barnum & Uogg. It is certain that these gentlemen willthoo-^h, from the fact of his amumiag the incognito, the i rpare no pains to entertain their guests in a style aorthy of the Queen City of the West.the text. This the right reverend gentlemen acoomp'ished in a truly powerful manner. His words were tru'yalo- quctt, and his clear and silvery votes pealed like bellssad the tffcHtOBS have l<een. widely enlisted In hit wel-smMI pageantries of royalty have beea dispensed with, ia ' deference to his own expressed wishes.Several ludicrous incidents occurred during the pro- gress of the party to their quarters and after their arrivalmentr—the unit!appearing not only tn s>modevoted to company drill, and in the a."lernoon ia c u r e AS a member of the elder sister cborch of the motherThe company was vary much confusea in the dances. tome." Thus is an iatercet in conventional royalty aot ] signals being stationed at every mile, other trains being oaly justifiable, b i t honorable. The more intelligent and i warned b y telegraph, AC A regular tratn, which pre-tion in erecting !•?•. beautinii m i building, which h e regarded at an ea aest that the timj would scon arrive waen they wool bl 'enabled to erect a more iinpo- sing editici on t' ojt^of to corner coincludlng with antersperted his lecture with little pleasiatrie s. "Coronariton*," as the lateMr. Dogberry said itn; ago, "tro odorous;'-' tv.it even if tney- were noi so disagreeable, a*.Christian zeal in these Eastern lends for the cause of our bussed Saviour, and charged the Christians of America, who are In the enjoyment of spiritual and temporal abundar.ee. not to forget their zealous sisters, who have devoted their lives to the-great- est cause that can ennoble man's nature, la ocnclusion the .bishop gave the congregation his benedict, JD; spoke a few e'«quent and tooching words of the affection which cugbt always to exist between the church of htt o&loved»T aot having the flgoret distinctly tftaoonced. This genial the citizen M,the deeper will be that interest. Nor 1 ceded the Prince, was supposed by the people along the eatr deroivel oa the leader of the orchestra; tat at hit is curiosity in itself mean or unworthy. We are so made route to contain him, and was .cheered by the people. vatce t a either weak, or could aot be.distinctly heard, that we love to see ane learn, and when an object of le The passengers kept up the delusion.! t h e cbngre^itlou, earnest appeal t i4>i liberality g idebts against tbothat gentleman meant to describe thorn, w e WJGI-1 fiod itdtiticolt to draw comparisons with the Inimitable skilldisplayed Iy Mons. Berger. He took particular pains toorj;ia«n everythisg to his audience; carefully led usthrough the wonderful intricacies of k masse, and carriedce safely through the labyrinths of /-•pmuc; showed how a'ball could run along the top of the cushion, leap down a; countiy aii<t her sister of America; prayed that they the proper place and run to carr-m on another ballt and in might lorgtontinuc to shine forth bright aadHutelirSsase, his iUustraticns cf le iruxae retrograde, showed what can bethe Piace « u very much bewildered and somewhat git mite inter-i-t has for us the charm of novelty, curiotl- • % IFR'tlBMI Or YANIKE INI»EIKM>S>-< B.ty it praiseworthy in pToporticn at it is intmse. These ' Somep'optc, when they go from one place to another, toaanis lt>iuidatli g-the ofttstaiidijj| by the choir, whilemiusedbythedeilcteacytowhichwohavealluded. remcrk-oremade,invindicationoftheintelligentin calculateupontheirIqckinputtingthcjiitfcrough,others church. Toeoffe wagthensaIwhichshowedthatAttrttissRoya!BlgbaomenteredlatathespiritoftL•stair rather awwly and formally, b a t b y degrees becamea irdeJapleasantcontrasttothemordlnatodisplayandPersonalb.jtoc «h.Mi*d <i the rtince's tour through Caned*. Uvoort House.IkPreeideot Fillmore and ladystopping at the Bre-imimodore Store*, U.Ai the chwe-ef the services the Ptiace shook hands with h if*. pn#»icg ihroushaattadoar. < " *pwrty bcinj,;all on neara, they rewtoihed a few moments the royal party and the government officials, to Mount lamlly. of New iirieamjf Willi iRiclmrd-on-, R. N.; ed ©banged their motion to a rotary one, t aring every, tbe result of the Coroner's inquest. John Cooneii was on ifoe lower flejc, each uppareaUy "talcing mdes"— Yerton. Svnie- of the bagjrage belonging o the roy*U Jehu .Lei.tbsfl tnd Samuel Are >}d, both tif the Navy thing that impeded their progress into pieces until tho also arrested on the complaint of Kane, who charged hisaAim-Jhtheti.aedwiththeUayorandotherwViciais. 1•- was aitaeanced that the Prieoe would go to Christ chorea. bit, thi weather >iaf" stormy, he had sot decided wbfiier to go er not.Aa o'd K»gk>h. to! Me r v .sited'the Prtace laat, and a long aad plctftftt mterviev veicrae pate the Prince•ah* CTO<*0 eetalde Usestentally—lt>r himself, whue hisBtghm.*;waitedwith amiable not:sere to he delivered fr >m bis part in the shew. lle«awb:!.»the e-.acolttioBS. exelamat'otis,reuten tioua reflections, .u ., of the smrvenag spectators, were lncfs«ant and etoa.tics.t-*oeh as, "Hit f»eate i* Roman," •Why don l*he UnA. npV "fld mumu fagned." " He IpohS pfoManl." * H3'- bow• legged 1*1- "Which i? !»*'•3t's the one witli the in bis mouthl" '-ta' 1<that the Prince? I thought ht, Our was tighter, "Aint heaux»p tboelicrtxl?" -'Tbefei he's talkiog to theforceof thebail-becomesexbr.usted Theexplosiveterndency of these balls act nearly oi the tame principle of A. B. (iJOjsn, of San Vfaucisc J. L. Taylor, or Ohio; that of a shell, the eiansc being that at the butt of the b a lof 3t flermalas, Major Geaeral the Bon. R. Bruce, Lord Lyons, Dr. Aclaad, Mr. Ehglebcart, Msjor Teasdale, CipL Grey. Mr. Jenner, Mr. Wsrre, and their attendsstt.An elderly BtgUth lady o a board wat, a t her porticulor-ry argent n qatst, istrcdneed to Lord Renfrew, by whomthewts wetonmsd cordially, and the sig^t of whom af- unwonted degree of fected her deeply, evea to teajt. Her historf seemed to thither thehave peculiarly connected tter in some waywiththe respectsWI!•*%'site of tlie ta'r g round—as indicated by the lofty ensign,the Court House fome, from which also the stars andstripes were streaming, ihumnm't and numerous otherpoints, were rapidly noted by the vivacious gentlemen. ruins of a cfrirah one hundred ai»d fifty years ago,garrison outy, and\ what is still more important, of thuse snd moaner of operating sea canst artillery. Ia thelatter feature they are sesisted by an officer of the rogu Rev, Irr. Tyng, Miisied by a yomigehrgymae,cind.JctedThe interest of the voysgers evidently Increased at the buildings wei fim sight of the greatest city of the West. The waters of the royalobjects or histor Highness Use read or hear!—and the aspect of the near provocative of a4Jthe communion sad morn ng ssrviem, tad the &^ was part: ularly effective. ; ;»fog metropolis, were keenly scanned. Sawmills, lum-xeetorday being Snuday, the usual drill was dispensedThe somKng cannon of the City of Alton spoke loudly as and near it the manu and coamiof arms of the Nel ia the colonial and revolU'. lie- On this sorrowstrip of land,the gay steamer sped past the augmenting throngs on the son family, so ii riageoatheoccasionofhisiuding yesterday. He Isof levee. The landtagplace,alreadycrowded, while mul- aryhistoryofat the j respect immediately before him. But a tenti-mectof interest and even of amassment evidently pre-dominated; in fact, i t was plain that h e was considerablyideasei, and that hesiceirely acknowledged the compli- TBE ITALIA OllERA ANDifBE PRINCE OP ment paid him in the waving of hats, kerchiefs, he., byAt half-past two o'clock in the afternoon the reg'.mcat brews was addressed to, those Jews who bad be-splendid revivals To-day is almost a sreneral holiday in tbt city, for most there. Not the least in the estimation of the hilarious Philadelphia. ;lesrtwod operas new totncilof the city ofments of the battalion. - country, ho could bear his testimony to tho sctve zeal The regiment will return to this city on Thorsday, everywhere manireeted by the mlmtoearies ia these dis-crowd was the arrival at Barnum's, at about the tamo of the wholesale loresj reading rooms tad public offices time, of a portly covered wagon filled with negro men sndtie closed. This s as much owing to the visit of the women. Certain facetious oaes conceived the idea of rrttet as the circumstance of its being the fourth sad : treating these helpless "black fo'ks" as the royal party,At a tote meet-li Albany! \iayor Tii cation from OoveExscrrni HOS. GlORCt II. i DXAK SIR—Abti duties since m y iyour lover of t hyou deem it " pishould be made bt ufallowing, Sept. -2J, I860.ant will be receive 1 snd escorted by the Twelfth, regiment, Col. Bu tier field. The Fifth will arrive at Whitehall at half past four o'clock P. M. on that day. 'loth commands will nay Major General Saedford, Briga- dier Qencral Yates and Mayor Wood imar mtng salute intant lands for promoting pure Protestant truth, which forms the greatest bond between the two churches. Tbe two churches ore daughters of the reformation and the grett heralds of Protestant Chrinisnlty througho t tha<reat day of the Annual £*tref the St. Louit Agrlcaltaral '. sad accordingly saluted the team with load cheers, that Hiding is amott at :arge as the Academy of Motto ia und Mechanical Amxiatkm. only taereased its embarrassments, which, in tarn,cammuni-See Writ; fee Ismee* headquarters at ihoBtrsott Hoast wereMx-fed from the time of bin arrival by a large but or tarty amemblage of citizens, sQ smstoas to got a peep atae Royti H thaeta., Lcegbefore the PrktVs dopartaro far tbo ball, hisMat—the Burnett Hoase—was literacy ssnoaftdtd b y aaim, mtient sad anxloas amsmbtagp of eiUzes*. S o w •ma tarn they were "told"' by false reports of the do jartcie of the Frlaee; b a t t h e chagrin t a d dlmppoiat- , mat were traaaformod into good humor. Talking abootHrewds of people" bringt the appUmtion of thea* Qtelnnati Opera Boom. Long before themeant ippearahee erery STonoo leading to it was filled mhtvmaaty. Aftermanycdweratadmtslakeaontbo art ofthe crowd, the PrlaM at last arrived, preclaeiy at m e'etock. The Bad Committee bald a brief conferencerth aim in regard to partners, and the whole party were ea into a private bJt.this is held in and around a largo amphitheatre stsad- ' caused lustier hurrahs. The police at length prevailedsteamboat.n satAi. or? A D*CKtsxx> anotzs ot: THE KU.IVENr.of tiie labors of American missionaries ta China a n i Japan, he could also bear bio testimony to the cmadin* fa th cf these, his brethren ia the great cause of Christ-lag hi the centre of forty seres of land, the whole being eneloeed by n paling provided with gates. All sorts of ] horses, cattle and farmyard live stock, farming tmpto- ,1 meats, field sad garden products andfinearts ore there 1 exhibited, tad aaoouly number of prises have boss d>.'•upon the good natared people to let the colored ladies and gentlemen drive on JHOW ROTALTf TRAVELS>W AMERICA. The Western railroads hate ntado extraordinary arrangements for the passage of tee hair to the British ihrone, on his tour to Washington. The train it to be a special one, under the control of the royal party, and the mute is to be. via Pittsburg to Harrlsbuig, and thence b y the Northern Central road to Baltimore and Washington. The Baron will have the use of the royal tar to Baltimore, and, perhaps, to Washington.Tbo following regulations snow the amount of care be- stowed upon htm, in contrast to that taken of ordinary sovereigns ot our own land —ijond pressing official f an earlier reply to which I learn that gome dentonstration of respect; the State and city autuor-Drummer i>»waeiler of the Fifth regiment drum cor as,died on^tturday last, after three months' paicfai ulnees. isnlsihg these unenlightened people H e then e'luied totriboted among tbeir aavaersHis Boyal Bkhfieli tad salts left tho holii m carriagestbJa morifinf a t eleven o'clock, for the purpose of visiting the principal sights of the city, itotwdieg the liar. The City Ball, the Custom Boose, the Court Boos.% the Pott Office, the University of St. Louis and the United Stales Arsenal^ a grand structure in t h e southeast part, ware smosf the objects oi' attention, as also some of the churches and Lafayette square. The weather, although S«ry wot in the early morning, had by this time become quite fine.jities to the Prince bf Vales," sad Jou Inquire Whether Iwill •' lead or jo« ron. A a letter of invitation to the Dukeof Newcastle, or Ihtt^courte I would advise f" Permitme in reply to uf jthan immediately bu the arrival of thePrinceolWalesJ/ bee,1deapa1 ed-^oneofmystall1-ord Renfrew's special train, the pilot engine forming a' The committee of leading citizens, headed by the part, is to nave the exclusive right to the track over aad will remainageintheAdriatic,gavehisfirstexhibitionintheUnited States at the rooms of Michael Phelan, earner of Bread-Mayor, accompanied Lis Royal Highness, who received everything, ard every other engine or train mutt be en- Under these cipioneer of tbe great Protestant movement for the evan- way and Tenth street, on Saturday cvohtog. The exhibi- gqlization. of China, undertook his work under cireum- tionwasofaprivatecharacter,.th-wepresentnumbering stam-eKofteriousdifficuityoneopposttlon,notou'yfromtome sixty or seventy, being thore by private invitation, the Chinese government, but from his own oountrymen.fromthelatterfallinformationofpacesbytheway. tirelyoutoftoowayofthepilotengineatleast fire On arriving at the fsir grounds the party were cheered,. minutes before the card time, (and care taken thatLordRenfrewhas States I do not authorities are inanyformalor qoentlv learn have the city suitable dto your Istt it.; suggest the pro] part of the city fotty»yoor obed-4g Ito which the Prince, as usual, responded by bowing ana switches are at once placed upon the main track) and -andmanyofthemdistinguishedamateursintheelegant aad delightful game. Wc had exptctjei thtt M. Berger would play with seme one selected to jcope with hirn forIt is scarcely half a century sioee tbe hegfnning of the mission-andalthoughMorrisonhaspassedintohisrest,, tbe eoect he planted are growing into strength ia the face of aft kinds of opposition and dtaoourraisinghishat.Beacceptedtheinvitationintothe*bekeptoutofthewayuntilLordRenfrew'strainhaspagoda ta the centre of the amphitheatre, aad Inspectedparted. 2toe stock onexhibUi.-, the gazeof the orty'thouaand Station agents at all stations will exhibit a white Csg*tbeing meanwhile i-aii upon him. the entrance twitch, or at a poiot more distant from sta- Beam dressed in eveaing drest, with white neckcloth, One of the trotting horses, Silver Beels, attracted the tion if the switch is on a curve, at least five minutes be-the least of which' are tbe evtt example! of htf course J advise?" I wadld the occasion, snd whom, of course, he was to kooek"into «rn nations, and the prostttostoo of th•mm all the mite. la the first danca lord Biaohoa- mk danced ri» a tit.Atwtt^ne-thooaaadrichly deflmod persoaa were pro-mt. The ball room wat ttrikingly beantifal; the extea> •• stagewasarrao|ed with ooloaade tecaory inthe kekpiiuad, knd the treat of the parqoette was riebiy tsmcated with evergreens aad natural flowers, t h e•aa.theparquettowereieWBM »J***«MM «V.laDone of Newcastle's attention, aad won purchased by fore the time upon the card, said flag to be shown untilextending an invitation on the a choyeau de nutter* in less than no time; but we were England and America in carrying opium tohim. Another, Wi.j* Avake, came in tor the Princes admiration, and like his friend, the Duke, he became also apurchaserattheair. BothwillbesenttoEngland.The party, at the invitation of the committee, after- wards partook of luncheoninareservedportionof<bo 'after the passage of the special train, indicating that all is clear, care being hod that road cromings at and about stations-are properly guardeduntil alterthe passageofthe special train.Foremenortrackrepa'.rertwill ate that no railsarehonor to bo, very respect E. D. MORGAN,that rimMayorbe autho- oftto the iVince to visit the city—-HB—*-disappointed.auality sad immorality among tbe people,of God has aot gone out in vain; and, at the present time, thereare aboutH.000 baptizedChinese converts sathe fruit of their labor. This is but a small number; butbuiMaig. The tight ot the immense mnititu !«• on the taken out ofthc track, or the track otherwise disturbedwhenitisviewedasthefirstdropofthetanshowerwhoa.grounds was during this time very grand, and the enthu- siasm ran high.The dtive around the city was resumed a little later, eu-'.'M prateege* cheering from the citizens, and it w«.s near six o'clock before the lllastrioas visiters returned tobusy tiroes,for at r ,se to-morrow miratpg tltcroyal train ' Particular attention must be given to see that there are r h tM oM faabiaB«a promenade. The Prince then Is to start on the long journey to Clncinuat i. so breaks in the fences the will admit of the encroach-mmtSte ball, the royal party aad others dancing tipon ^ris rap* vovy T M Rrvxk most AI.TON—HISKE ncent ofanltna' upon tbu truck. »Oe tare, a few others oa the parqoette. The first ras the "Jubilee" qoairiOo, the Prtsse baring forl-ri§ljm.cujr afjjiss. *tea ft*Cincinnati a o c i a t j y ^On a few motsenUiJ^V the hall was commenced the hotel, much pleased with their day oat. Tadst irei way crorelngs to proton the train from the possibility 4tI accident a t the crossings. . , " 1 cproer of PrtEldetjt d Smith stretta. w a s opened forpractically^liuttrating hU remarks on the table at whLsbhe stood. His lecture did not last over lulf au hourorthree quarters, and the llmstratlons were certainly splen-did specimens of his thill in the game, It is evident that of on outbreak that, for many years past, hat attractedon.that day until after the passage of the train, except toremedy absolute defects that would endanger the train in| patting, in placing the proper signal at a safe distance,sad they will distribute their men so as to guard all high-BOrxxiw; .•» a ^|C^csrt« —Yes||r4ay morning Bma-nuel (Protestant "ificopa!) church, uewly erected .at thewhich we may thank Cod and take courage. The right rev- erend gcnlleinan next alluded to the wonderful niugiess of tho rebellion In China, and explained tire moving causesthe cordial recognition.).' this fact, and seeks not to on- 1 In conclusion, it i* of vital imparlance that Lord Ren-bj ft small b|» eillcljnt cbeir and|raL- The c||rbh was wellflHed.idebaii mankind lor a lace of kings snd queens, prioress and ! time, and it behooves all eniplo} > s to exercise the utmost princeeses, and to real I /e that end is the aim of demo • vigilance, to the end that tlie pa?ai«i)ny of an accidentI He j weed the second' qaadriile with Miss Groesbeck, eracy. In ages of re dent ss, homage to the royal charac to the special train shall not exist, and that it shall notthe ccngrcgotiousating bis ball ln.tne ordinary horizontal maftner, which he always did in making the matte r<-j-ograde. He made almost impossible strokes, the balls apparently obeying htm like a set of web trained dogs Ho would occasion- ally miss a very diiiicull ono. but always persevered till iio bad acc->mpl:ahed it, and then a smile of gratificationProtestant missions in China had not been unproductive of resulis, for these people professed a faith which, though abouaaitg iE error, was not altogether Jeatttute Of truth. He alluded to the Angfo French expedition to support the fallen Mantohon dynasty, but m id that this would aot cbu'k tbe advance ol Protestant truth. Tlie right rever- end gentltnian next pave a succinct account of tite sacjewrtt»r of Ue Boo. John Groesbeck, ex^M. C , and one l « Use c r a r m i U e e ^ t h e i h i r f l q a a d r i U t w i t h M i m T a y l o r , o f Newport, Kettucky, that State being largely represented;ter of some men was a ste.i towards the general culture : be delayed by accident to or detention of any other train. o f s u c h c h a r a c t e r . I n o u r t i m e a n d i n t h i s . o u n ' . r y w e | T h e P r i n c e , o n . . T h u r s d a y a f t t r t o o n , I n a u g u r a t e d t h e claim to have emerged from that period of pnptlage—to Western Academy rif Arts at S-.. Louis, aod in tha even- have done adu oting—and to have become—kings But ] ing received a serenade Horn 'he entire Fire Departmentbut not -iiDcomfl tabty crowd"!.|1 th^ sermon waspreached by the BOVf WT R. Pifeiiaa, of Uissoun trom-dCor#V. :aj\",20and21h$;CEthemlu.siry of recorciliation, htca y\«mbeen eHjjs;oi;t?d f<> iiiaa, a saad the fourth dance.the ••Lancers,'' with Miss B. Mc- •xclusive royalty is part or the history o'f human pro- 1 of the city. Tei-irrlay morning he left for Cincinnati on on the love of el n committing tothe atJuKwsado would break over hit large, good*humored face, and his cess of tbe Protestant mission to Japan, showing that ihetorest t'eit by the Am. riean public en. the occasion of the travel on their "muscle," others on theirSbeauty. othersvisit of the Prince of Wales to our shores. Without a ] on their talents (very few in number), others on theirpanicle of undemocratic deference, our people may impudence, and others on dead head tickets; but with with the lH-uedictkm; The new cbifjih bat been erectedisite animated. The Prince took a partner for a waltz; lau<tat>ry grat-fy the .'ah to see the heir prospective of • Lord Renircw It con be emphatically said that be travels for the accomm«>da-.it a of the congn^ajtlon formerly wor-batJ•neveringthattooladycould aotwaltz,herefuse-1 theBritishthrone. Nor needany, save those Whofeel I on his money. From Cincinnati to Pittsburg he shlpping m the baron the cornerOfCourtandlnionthat»h.trdemocracyi<dying,seektostimulateitbyin- pays the modest mm of two thousand dol- btrcets,whichhasbe>nocoapiedb>ifhemforabouteightdulgingindepreciatory criticisms upon agentlemanbc- lars for a special train; „but, while he years. It is interred that tni ipresent building rule. eatvse he happens to be eaU'-ii a priace. pays in accordance with royalty, be expects •hail serve as a cbap il to a yarith dft'.rcn, to be oremtedand exhorted his hearers so to profit by their groat spi I ritual advantages that pastor and people may ail at lest' meet in the common joy.tatakeanotherpartner, sad waited for thenextquad-done by that practico v hich " naketh perfect."On the Professor concluding. Messrs. Phelan and Whitepaved a game, and then an elegant supper, served in onadjoining room, formed a very pleasant ending to thenight's werk. The health of Mr. Berger was proposedand duly honored, and be replied briefly as fallows:—" CKMTHOX—I should not.say gentlemen, I should s a yfriends, fortho mannerinwhich mynamehasbeenre da>s. Thesermon he yesterday pretchedwas oneofA b«j twehra years of s#s also tailed ea the Prince, and bra whiahrred taanl'' "flt> rcg'lar «V.rh"' « There's 1r*l>r« * oie»! himsett as a doaosndaat of the Ifcake of York. tb« b^y prmenaad deeuwieata •atobltshtng his claim. Tbt, i'riawi aad General Brcce Mstsasd to the little fcj.cJrobarm is. him. aurel" -Thai cane' ] •* Won't he make dred aad nine years from the dia^avery of the North Ame- Henry ^'arnunx, of Chicago, were ' tong the arrivals at email arms, that is, tbo size of a cylindrieal projectile ac aspeech tkc,iaaethirtwly. Truthfully, the imoiession rican continent byCabot,andthirteen yearsOofarethe theSt.NicholasHotelyeaterdty. cordingtotheMini.?pattern,with moregroovesandad made eposJoamMd»*ate ooaervers by the yoontrBoron, it leading of th* Puritan Pilgrims at Plymouth Rock. Capt. Paukt Sanchea.S. P. Acevado. etro Agostloi and Don ditional amount of twist. The belt or projectUo which that h t anpt amUbhPar<i sensible gentleman *towi*»ytaaditiab«UevedtheyTheceaapankmwaybeingeleircd,thert.ya!partypattedtothereafhaia,dOmatiiaag«whkhhafoweredelereutiAhyraisedte hft Blghaeat, who luisaly pereeived aad inttlnctivttiy respsoded to the ©ourrsgardeit the whom Mr.rwstftvofr•iilmaf,ftsiti.Igital*r"r'11*"TIJM a^?i? j^SLSth'sg as * *f*vtththdtMho of NewoasMt ta rafareac* to the futureOStStftMhit visit to that city, Priiioo-wonwlttaapStol>berebenowttatInaveryPT~-afon followed him out of one ot the refreshment• • ,»«•**' rti Marqnltoftorday. Thero wat a great taraout Is; ^fMMwrsysnHwHtawaIsSSM^saassmIasmwamwavithnss* hhwm^aewow^UtBf Haohe*breohasmBos.Br.EUiettwHliravotwithwhs Ftiaoe,bataptiatheThe royal ymrty will leave mr I6.W.Carr,U.8.A Fort Wayne and Chicago New Orleona; Boa. T Re rant, AAOV; Eon. J. C. Washington; J. R. Wr York:Capt.Ratta Peru,8.A.,Uwereinkftedsy merawg.Thorvyafc'townthete wort two churches destroyed by fire. It islireeccsiBostac.MtJ*.inn s»• Bonn Reatrew and suite arrived »iu PL Loots at half- to receive immunities not granted to ordinary m en. The on the opposite cornw, for which fsurpose four lots ofThe programme was given t o the Prince for a selectionofdanses,andheadheredstrictlytoquadrilles,withit.- FrVlaymorning. roads. Anergirespeciallydetailedprecedesthetrainto SS,CO0- ThepresentIbuilding issH'ontyfourtootloog, eisepuoa of m e last. Prior to this hour expectation was rife tn that amtil • keep the track clear and look out for any imperfect ions^nBitbop £mith is a tall and venerable man. E.s hair baa been silvered by tho advance of time, bathe is as ba'eand hearty to all appearance, as he was ia earlierrest five o'clock laat evening, and will probably leave* on train a bah bears his H&hncss baa the entbe right of the land of one hundred leot .--quare have been purchased fortheroadthatwouldjeopardisethesafetyofthe.traincon- jbythirtytwofeet-wale, itis of ttbne oxid brick,and tfttdhtg pmce . f^ihe Alton a . Louis Paoket Com- taming the Prince and reyal retinue. ^4-6»8istt of a tlmple nave, of the ea^|rEnglishFtylo. > texpected guest, the troops of o n , boys, women and girls i consideration, shall any person be ollowed oe board theThe Prince also made MroraJ mistakes, aot being aa/«£inAmericsastyle;hathetooarecoveredhlms-!', •toreshiledwithairfaces, ASsheocoredthswharf, proMThMMfromenteringtheroyalcar,butridebythem gitiS.eoiichedioarabefqutsndai prist<Joccleeiologlcalaad enjoyed himselt ta hit otml stylo. the throngs oteattd forward as If the Prince were already telvet in a forward car. tlgurtt in! taiued glass. The other ladows of tho build raard,aad when the gang-plank wat arranged, there When the bargain wot made with the Superintendent ing are of the n m e cnartc^r, w .nuttb" figures, butThe -rinse, thocgh apparently very much etc- city, and b y tbi<-« o'clock crowds were flocking to thecowed gives me every assurance that I am amougthe noblest theological discourses that it bos been oar good fortune to bear; and any one who was present yes- terday we are certain would not hesitate to go say dis- tance to listen to such words of beauty aad eloquence egaio. ^ ^ „,Police Intelligence.PASSIM Cot cnxKnsT Mossv.—A shoemaker, named Wil-liam White, was arrested on Saturday morning by officer, Rose, of the Ninth precinct, charged with giving a cocnterfeit ten dollar bill on the Bank of the Interior totsmmmd at times, chatted with his partners, led them tt their guardians, and promenaded traond the room,to the intense mtisfactloa of all.bat beea rat jrfF for a church, ou The sgett of the Prince, who is a cousin to him on Al- [ one end a,portion bat beyenopal party to St. Louts, while a aumber of eittrenr ot that the Superintendent should ride oa the front car, and ment. Ike testa and other fumtlu aro of black wa'nut,may be ranked between these two extremes. No doubt the purpose of going back on her. A small concourse of road to go back snd point it oot to, the Prince but the i moved from the hall formerly occ led by the congrega- the Prince valaed it as a rehearsal tor the great bad at Alton ladies honored the cabtn and de-.ks with their pre Superintendent gracefully declined^hereupon tho o/uce | tion. The cost of the church ;about $."1,000, ofneither b e called or groat failure war a great success. I id a little more justice done them, the company gra-Mound City appeared to have seme op oa the boat for whoa there was anything of Interest to he seen oa the with cusllcns of red serge. The | ter portion was re dually Withdrew, very much pleased with what they had* Mr. James Rodgers, of 899 Hudson street, in payment forme Ne* York Academy of Music.Usual ruing the Prises sod tuito visited S t Johu'teUrt*. There was a large crowd of spectators at the hotolaalintheviciaitLof the cheroh. The Priace ca- tered the aide do>rto avatd say dtamaotratioh oa his acnOTct. B e w a s dressed a s usual, and occupied an eligi- bi* '»• n". teatnance, who, as the rc<:nel proved, had come only to re- ceive the PTJnee. MH then return to their homes. Bap pily, for the felicity of the occasion, the skies that bad deluged the streets duritg the night and threatened moreruin all t h mornsrg, now cleared, and were laspiringly hrigbt. There was not a little oomparing of watches, Seolation as to the probable punctaaltty of train, tsaSy criticisms upon the democraticwas tendered the Assistant Superintendent, who likewise i which about one half hag been ipaid. As soon as declined, and at last accounts an individual willing to ac- > -be debt it liquidated it It presum *the building will beIntelligence.;-oae people say h.; is looking eecdy; but he la proba-bly nvtng hit "boat clothes" » r sit New York visit.Few persons were admtlfti to the chnrch; nobody except except a locomotive and car, and a grand rush of theservice was prepared* under the direction of the Ordnance STILL Axemrxs CASS.—Late b n Saturday night William Department, by E. 8. Allen, matter armorer, and adopted* SmaUey, Margaret Gftzgard and Elizabeth McCarty weal by tiie War Dcpaitmcut tor the government of United into tbe store of Norman Xewman. 148 Chatham street, States troops, October 16,1867. A iiortion of tiro best sad bought a shirt for t l '-'ft, giving a counterfeit toe dol-crowd towards an! around it. Sundry gentlemen in gray the [mmii >lders and their fHsartt coats and white fiats socd emerged, with some hin- Kj^opMclivainepreached thernrmoe,<romthe drances,andsucceededinmovingthroughtheswaying and a. companyiug throng. Among tbem, the slender sevwth cbaxt^r of the hook of Reveaetleas, ainih and meek awking maa who \>\vaaced as if eager to escape and utsvii verses. No allcslta wat male the pobts attentions paid him, was voted to be the Pr-.nte. From the score to the deck the passage was ia the coi.rse of the serviee to tbo Prince's rve- kept foes, and tne-'ueea't son pastel onboard .with astti«. Thet.*fH»a, hit mother, wasincidentallymen singlecompanion,inaJvoisee of bitparty,and -theobweredetailedfortheexperimentalJtrrp.themamobject,however, of the experiments to be made was to ascertain On coming before Justice Kelly the women denied alltxmed, a« well as the title of the Chief Magistrate o< theLeon,mthej>rajeriabehalfofaatioealrulers.General scanned teemed rather to dlscomppKe him,andhewith which his person and features wgie, from on all sides, roRS Bruce was the oi ly person in the royal telle that kneeled sought a temporary relief by inspecting ibt clean(fromtheConstituMbn,Sept.2810.1 in•-"*planks of the aeri. Bis uioed. was, however, soon mmtflved by the eagerness of a smalt lat, who rtmed ucawed into bisHighness'm,«timmediate pittance,aadgazed,upworaInto-nisTeatureswithan amuiir gly tlxea tcrutloy, tiatU removod. A oonscious- aesj of the ludicrous ttole over the foyai a untoaance, snd he raised hit luge blue eyes halfwitltulU aad hairmediate*? through, proving that wind bod the greater re- loudly, and apparently gating into a desperate row. sisting power. The balls of those muskets being conical While MUieting the disturbance the officer heardenocgittojustifybiminarrestingthehusbandoftbedeceased woman Thepriionerhodbeenpreviouslyarrettedfor assaulting his wile, and the marks of violence on her body rendered suspicion that she bad been unfairly dealt with extremely plaufibie.. Kono wot tocced up to swsitnature of the w;castou, <sc, he., alt of which was at length interrupted by a rush of people tewarda the rail- Bju. ''Htacomiag now,sure," "hook, see :*' and simi-I: preach on Sunday; siastic in their greetings of Baron Renfrew than the tons ; evenings, ot' which duen JUCe wl!! given by advertise experiments tried heretofore. This useful arm of theii"cxcUroations resounded, while {little was discerniblewas seated fa the car yetterJay mornlog, ready for hit I morning the dwelling hofise of (rs. Cascvey, InClare-departure, an Irishman wot observed giviog vent to hisfeelings in a manner that showed that he wat fairly over- i rnont avenue, near lJcKa!b%yenw i'is burglariously en- shots composed » the crew of the United States ship lar bill on the Bank of the Interior In payment. OnVcern come with enthusiasm. After showering a score of com- i tered by two men. l'crinoatel llie sndden waking of North Carolina, under the command of Captain Ward, Simon and Kennedy, of the Pixth ward, were called in plimentsonthePrince,hegavethecoupd>graceby !theladydisturbedthethievesatswinging bis bat and shouting, "Be dad, and corns back i them to dee-amp without afty menhere feuf years from now and we'll run you for Preai- j one dozen Of 'pocket unnujerchie [Valuable booty than which oi three suhstances had tue greatest resisting knowledge of tbe character of the bill. They wore de- dentl" The royal suite were greatly amused at this un«VI although the ptemises presented iaiid a chenille shawl, power—wool, cotton or sand—at various ranges, from one tained for examination.expected invitation, and the Prince 'came near tumbling ijappearance of hav- to lour hundred yards distance. The first trial was on afromhisteatinaparoxysmoflaughter.served of all observer t ' Toe eagerness and keenness;logbeenprjettythoroughlyran -bsgofsand,atone,two,threeam fourhundredyards, RowATAWAKE—SIrposroCx<sorWire .Vum.- Iv Fi»|.—Oil Saturday n&fcs thod ing house,iVo. 140 and it was found that the balta did not penetrate more As d disorderly crowd were waking the corpse of a Mrs. ' Vultoc ttrect, occupied by Hr. Wil Little, caught fire than sovf o inches. The second was at wool and-cotton— Kane, at about one o'clofk Snndsy morning, ta the rear of' cept the position woe being searched for.THE PRINCE ASD THE IRISHMEN.! solemnly centeSrated, as webelii el in tire Protestant Episcopal church that crremon cannot bo perform-eon:ta>%byeJevaticvhitbolivar..Thaprovedofthegreatestpracticalbeneiittdthosebywhom aoMe BumewiMt M I ,?ord, of Mississippi, experiments will lie continued. j inacetotmmtsesaodtatothe pilothouse',where here f ^ y , "PParently sought to dividehisa*tjjj[fmfsW;•* aadtheriveraje ..f Newcastle woe especially interest- « e eaaiigtat •sottrmof the st -earn, the «<fll»g up or tho banks, Joe.while a gowasgivcatotheeatraaceofthagrandtoItbytheKingatthe«pggettloaofCaptainSmith. Jsntostosrn is on the north side of the James river, tbout fifty miles from its mouth. The plan to called isasuninhabitedpointofland projecting intotheriver, which seems to be constantly gaining upon it. It belongs to Mr. William Allen, the wealthiest of the rich James river proprietors, whc raises very good wheat on the £whereSmithfounditsodifficulttoinitiatethecok>-tnagriculturallabor. Nothingremainsofthean- cient settlement bat the mouldering ruin of a churchtad E N. Talbot, of Metropolitan Bote).ta«anapoiare stopping atthePresidentPittsburg, Rebband wife,IS- O-leans: C W . Da Albany; J B Ktbby, ;J.ttWritcnt,tTew Orotbyandwlfo, 28thult. Hon.IL8. A., and Capt. B iappointed Consul ofTho United States steamer Water Witch, Lieutenant commanding Sartori, from a cruise io the Golf of Mexico, viaHavana,arrivedatLtaaretio.balowPhiladelphia,on Friday night, and will be detained there for purification. Blxol the crew, sick with ycilaw fevor, have beta re- moved from ou board to the Marine Hospital, at the Ltae- |w»VJ«*-i* i | .' I i. * AaUM»as*maOffice—inthelaereguletingtbosaleoanvertedtdakay tad witi evident pleaent(I'rcm the Detroit Tribune |No,class or citizens were more botaterous and enthu- | that a pucccstion <.f clergymenwill be in this city on the 3d tif October. Hie will arrire .-age tban $76 was done. There is insurauoe. here about six P. M., leaving Baltimore at fifteen minutespastthreeP.M.,inaspecialtrain. Hefjwillbewelcomedbyadisplayofureworks,byorderofthegovernment.Taste have bc^u prepared at the arsenal here. Some •>{them, however, have been brought from New York. TueUnited States despatch steamer Acacostia is being fittedthe venerable bitbop aad sobsequeatly retired to ha eorioroly to the groups, above and oroursd him. His up at the Navy Xard to escort his Highness, together with |l. T ; Coloiel W. W. LorUfc, V. e J: James H. I/twand stance bad been struck, the next object they encounter-dcr;i»s stayer.^ r-eoagrega;:uowatveryattentiveaaddecorous,an1inshape,theapcrtorema-loontheirfirststrikingan objectwasfoundtobeevenandInperfectreguhurtyof surface, in fact so much so that one woulds almost Imagine tho aperture mw'e was cut with a knife or some other "sharp Instrument, but after the first resisting sub-Smith may, in some sense, be called the father of New Englandsswellasof Virginia,forhis orduooo voyoget, surveyssadexplorationsinthatcouatry,andhttvalua- ble tuggestionB iu regard to its advantagW for usherlet,enters the bore at the m izzle or these pieces gtres home easily to Its seat;an1 when discharged expandsunder theiorceofthoexplosion,soastobecomeatightfitto the bore, filling the rifle grooves, thereby making its de- structivequalitiesmoreformidable. ThoseinterestingRafaelle iMtrr'.-t. all or Cuba; New Orleans, F. Clark end Whttaktrandfamily,orMowOrj Wife, of Virginia; Lieutenant R. Mstesnavy;sW.HotoHhson,fteofeeeiost reap|>ear«<l tpoa the "toxes, but the it was settled. Its very name of New -England wot given Sinipeon, oi San Francisco; StnttHart and family, of ly, of Maine-; J. L;V.W.Masonand Minor, of the United Orleans;T.W.C liOrdeeat, of 8. Cft Oot' ! «mnLLordRenfrewacceptedtower,surroundedbyachurchyard.ItIsnotknownK.Hoff.U.8N,areinOf ardent spirits ta Nebraska it the follow ing punishment forviolation:—TheJusticeshallrenderjudgmentforthahiminthechestwithapeakniib,lnilcttngaverydoe-gtno sad machalosery of the boat, and thot for- was built. Ton years after the first ^statement of jsmes- Charles WilUam DohseSomei t t the sahtarpy looHtag fajy oaof s a,13069corns:on jtii until til is paid.] ..*mmcapital of VirgfAdescriptionof. dred sad twenty I, ceptions, for thfjbrilliant on reewill be connected jinjSmnt whichin the annals of fi Jo | | | i c stage offor the first and a r ctatbeLnif d States to an Italian opera,ofthePriJe Wales—thehOirapparent,tothe British crown—i \o accepted avjoviiation to attendAldermanDeliriaed to extend L_. asitsguest,asdtfpmuteAfteralittleopeningspeech,inwhichhecomplimentedAmerica and his American friends, who had, as he said,«saturatedhimwithkindness,''heproceededto explainthe science of billiards, and the five principal strokes, God thallpour out Hit spirit oa oil flesh, it le one for^ public wotrbip. Thcmaa Towell, Little ahd the Retag prayer w f l jnUd by tiie Rov. tor, assisted jt>y the P.cv. Chaclcs ilr. 3arg. Thejri jras nothing of"abe understands it scientifically. Thore was nothing veryremarkable In b i s manner o f playing, except that whenmaking the stroke called le mane be held the cue yet therewas nothlag tocheck their progress. For teven (erpendicuhu-ly* tad struck down on the telle, years and a half they have occupied Nankin,this or any \tabernacle bad no. right to partake of tho altar of the Chrhtian-theObris'.ian privileges being above all eUiere. Item this the Bishop proceeded to examine.first, intoa performance at <ualso expressed ht) pball. That h e wHteas tine style aswill be spared tooccasion. The wnow performingand combined w lIncluding the full -aoaorehesi of both establish sqvads and companies, on Tuesday theforenoon will be tad American Protestant missions in China sad Japan.fieat. ed,Ihavejcity of NeV York and receiving the kind hospitably of woald have been productive of evea thesmallresuRswhich have followed t The ever honored Morrison, ae tbeOHTUVN rv THEaor>B.rtrr. Truckmen will also give e>tra attention to see that the!From the8i. LootsDemacrafSept, -JT.] telegraph wire, is unobstructed and in good working con- special character thetervicss. Ib^ilOth selection of sometimes resting the- guiding hand, and very tbe ancient capita* of the empire. They have trans-Man is by nan.re regal and princely. Demoerary is j dilicn. I'.-alms was read, /ofjia PtUra, GUnM. tn acthis, and the often holding it unsupported. He played with lated pans of the Holy Scriptures^ aod but very reounCypartaer Mrs. Col. Pthf, wife of one of the committee,;teproprietoroftheOperaBoose,andtheoriginatorof crownmen,exceptbycrowningallmen. Heavenmeant*frewandsuitefeboo'dpassoverthetineinraicty,andon canticlesbeingehthe cityof.SooChow, not ftr from StMssrhae, hal fo'len Singular esse, which was more perceptible when intotheirhands si!thisledthebishoptoreassertthatCud's ambusa<!oi m Christ's s'.ealiftened to attenti ;ely as the prtaelITho se-.rmon w a s ielottuently dxoitgrem.a salutary snd not dishonorable pa*t, and as inch I a special train. The- train was detained several hour5 by rial oflice to bis U low man. a minis ahu: i tho aosels eye light up with pride as the company applauded his task of converting the people of this country was even oomn.jr !? interest. "I am a man,' exclaimed the an- a freight train being oil the track and blocking it up. would leel honorc to be entrusted ti. At thccooclu- 6UCCC6S. . • j< more diilicult than the former. He made a beactlf.il anda collection was dfi, jtbo result therectorfcapixalbillnotbeeninHJkin. Theprayerfornot been inthe church militant fras then said,.j. f i t tho service closediriend?—you have done me the honor to associate my to receive th- visiters. When the boat came in : hert's side, arranges all his travelling matters, and stipu- either side'of which ore the stalls fj the clergv, wito a name with that of my friend, Mr. Phelan—not simply.§aay, where a « superb ttoamer City of Alton ,tight, at intervats di» barging a cannon in honor of her • lates in the bargain with railroad companies that, en nolatum In irrnt, from which the snd the sermon preached, for thei chancel is'lighted with a handsoiare to bo read is no pulpit. The window'of frostedfriend, but more than brother in .his generous kindness tome. 1 would propose, in return, not only the healths of you, my friends, here present, hut that of all Ameri- cans,ana the prosperity of their country, which 1aim ire.Vtve PAmeriqittS [Mr. Phelan s health was also proposed, and he returnedia|>idly Inertated, while the open windows of the levee j train except those neoeseary to manage it; and these arethere ww'ao tapacr pistImM, tod the royal party left a general movement u> her deck. Some aixty or of the Little Miami road to convey the Prince to Pitta- with a bine border of stained git 1round. Tho Into thanks in a few words. Then there was a good deal of at half nam twelve o'ctjdt. Altogether the affair co oil seventy genth men and ladies embarked to accompany , borg, the agent endeavored to incorporate In tho contract rior e«f the not is painted to repr. t the starry ilrma- Kivatc hobnobbing; and finally, at ter the good thtags haded in an IndehU-d church., Henry Dddley, who is stso th church. Previous to the sermono architect it Mr. ahior warden of the jrector gave noticeoi the Emerald Isle—an -illegant" way they had of fol- ' ment.lowing the advice, of a sage Ouardian, that advised themto have no part or lot"'in the matter. When the Prince* BI'MUAEV.—At about htffpast io o'clock yesterdayTHE PRINCE AT SFASHINdTON.X'9 ;intheapartmentsofaMrsDarse jobthefourth story. thesamo-dlitancee—closelycompressedin*thickcaavasa thehouse102EastFortyfirststreet,officerKeytarofthe It is raw definitively settled thai the l'riuce of Wales'. Ihe ilumen were subdued before a jer amount of datn- bac, about one foot in thickness, and the balls posted Im- Nineteenth ward noticed the people fighting and talking^Colon**! Hardee, ot West Point,Itit«l,Jg«n<e.jijr work, and causedand took tbe three would be customers into custody.>Itlieoigical exncsitlon of the precise meaning cf the s-evt n'b regiment, snd Csptali: Lui, of the Eeventh regi kWords " altar" aad " tabernacle,-' and the apalicatkjoment. of the words of the text to all protesting Cbrimianr. too The troops will drill to day at the big guns, tod by Bishop incidentally adverted to the condition of EegUhsees.NavalCaptain Ward, commanding the United States shipNorth Carolina, on Saturday last mode on experimental trip to the neighborhood of Sandy Hook for tho purpose of testing tho efficiency of the new rifle muskett lately adopted In the marine corps, this being one of a series ofwithhavingmade a fe'-uoiousassaolt na«him S?veral other persons were also severely Injured in the row.Honsi SnuixKS AUBBSTW —Oi.icerBtHsf.pf the Twen- ty-third precinct, on Saturday last erreitod tw* men,It is announced ojUcially by the British Consul at Rich- and Hiss Bart, botn or lutiadelpl i^snd E. 1*. i'rescott, dtmoDfctrated that one of these ball* would kill forsy of stealing a horse and wagon, worth 1235, the prci»ertyfmrty,includingthatofhisRoyalHigku«:;-s,hasbeenre- ceived here by Adams & Oo.'s Express.THE PRINCE TO VISIT JAMESTOWN.* (trom the Baltimore Patriot,Sept 2s }l^epot, WnidJinstsm, andW.W. Norm Carolina, arc'ttoppisg at t>i>dunandfamily,of !•Jitti Aveune Hotel.mond that the Prince of Wales will vitit that city on of West Cambridge, MWr:., are t •iiirg at the Kverett .Saturday week, and thence proceed to Jamestown,the House.time* ftnt of seventy-two, at a range of four hundred of George Finnegan, corner Of Ninety eighth street and yards. Caw. Ward, who has made extensive Improve- Ninth avenue Tbe property was t ^ ' « ^ ' t b ^ * J :J. KingSfordandparty, orOHwcjij. F. Kuller and Wife,there is a email aperture, into which the powder pa«ses|a pair of gold sleeve buttons. Mr. Rodgers instantly de- tected the counterfeit, when the prisoner attempted to snatch it from him, but failing to his purpose ran off. He was pursued and caught by tbe officer, aad taken be- fore Juit ice Connolly, who committed bim in default of}(nc thousand dollars bail. Another charge wet preferred sgsinst White by Simon Bailey, of No. 3*7 Breed- way, of whom White* bad purchased a three dollar bat, paying for tt with another ton dollar bill of the Bank of the Interior. White was required to give bad in one thousand dollars on this charge also. ' .after being rammed home, expediting its velocity andel Boston :'l)r. Tinker, of Mew Yorj lira. Comrnodorcrllalt making imeower more' destructive. It wa3 practically ndmed William Kennedy and Thomas Path, ou s abergeJudge 'Weitel and ttdy, tf Marj tad; Or J. D. Middle- too snd lady, of Baltimore, a. R. rhite. of Pl'tsbnrg-. Fvfirst settlement in British America. On May 13,1807,(aptaih Smith and his companions planted at Jamestownthe seed of Anglo-Saxon civilisation. Im s wai one hum. Kelly and Uuy, of Boetoht'C- J- Slman, of HahW and provtmcut In copying from one or other of the rilledntitled Documments and written some able suggestions onrifledord- nance, seems to view the present invention eaaoimhod been aispo?ed of to a man in Ibookryn- Jostiee Brownell 'ocked op **** & c l«ri*omer« for exam.rttion.MAX FOISD EIABBXD.—A man named David Rcwe, a re- turned tbief from Blackwoll'a Island, wos^fownd lying ea the sidewolX of Chatham street, -near Mulberry, eorty veeterdoy morning He was taken to tbe Mew York Bos-rdooneinFultenmarkettonSalurdaynight,ar-t, manded money from him when, on his refusing to oam- n|vwiththeirdemands,oneofthe party fwShbtdhtm, inflioting a very dangerous wound on the left side.ASOTBBXSTAimufcAmAT.-AtThomssWeich,anEcglitb boy tweaty yaars of age, and another bi>Fred. I.uney, were matching pennies on the p er atfx.t of CortUndt street, yesterday morning, a biy McCartycamealongsadbeganassaultingLoaey,between, whomaadhimselfsemei'Jfeelingexisted. Thossse Welch evmmeaeed to interfere, when McCarty stabboajeome Christian converts, without altogether losing their' theCity Iiall,.ss they pass*en Mthfrom the wcrld. ASalaborerinthafieldabroad,andasaw taeasthe drUicuiiies which a r e enoocntered b y tbe mUnirsm v.vergrcens <emetery. The funeral of the deceased was ries to China sad Japan, in consequence of attended by company 11sad the drub corps of the Fifth the jealaosy tnd exclusirceess of the not.re go- regiment. Tbo latter acted as t guard of honor; also by vernments, who are not favorable to what they the Seventh regiment drum corps and the Turner baad. regard as the. iuno- ationt of foreignera, b-t cling strongly to their own traditions of. noarl/ three thousaad inaugurationofaNee*Mania. yraraago;-andyet,whocouldibrscethatwhen,fifty-He was'nuried yesterday, with military hrnors, at thewith a letter of ii on to the f to visit the capi EXHIBITION B I MONS. BKB6KS, THB MSTtNGUlSHKD three yevs sgo, tbe first Protestant missionary left thetal and to become then been fully 0 from the Duke of yoe the invitati letter informs mejements had uot !c received a letter am happy to Inform it Albany ii edepted The tame arrive abootthe loth of October. aajr a porujm of the day only. Ices, and iu view of the coarse - sincehisarrivalintheUnited that either the State or city the pleasure i>f entortainisg himmanner. BatifIshallsubse- wlMafford mei great pleasure to join with those of tbo State in of respect.: 'Meantime,-io replyrBKKCH I'UOKBSeOK OK I.ILLrAJlBS.Moos, Berger, who arrived from France a fewdays his American brethren, the mission l o that couatrylionast, H is-t shores of England for chink, stopping by the way in thethe attention of the envilizcd world. Emerging from the sowtbern manatains, the rebels, or whatever tbey may be called, have steadily ad vaaced tawaros t h e north, aad a s" , •^•Bi^^lt^tn^iBJ"- OSBSW tSft W . BBBJ^BAI ^Sga,*»«» cfCapt.Batttrtoto*atth*en-precisely whoa tho church to which this tower belongedwholesstount of fine and costs, and be oomm'tted to thewound. Thomas Welch was taken to the St e Tork tal.v hat • • ^ *"*** . . ^ "w^a^rwew aPSBW"sw>wJ aa asmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetFulton New Ywww.fultonhistory.comork 