 10^v«,WM«# atwhich w*ctator*w«rO shaken off their I judge re»»BdedSmethmt Tor^Uw», inorder toa^ort a ^ S S f s & s a w f taJ2521rf the earth undw lift* tie coucsel an oppertunit, ta prepaxeabiU of MceptWttThe Unite tl States Circuit Court. HaiaF0RD,9»ptll.lleo.TE£ PBIHCE Or WAtfS.Ills RoyM Hi&lines8 In and Around Hamilton, C. W .kadagmlad.alt»«er*^aai1oii.a«fuUyii»«rMCteda8 , with l » M « &'•>»"•J^^^fcwInoaenU whileto thema coodtttoa oftheir respective Statse; when scrow*atltgeraeU *F *«TMe\,W^JS^tsud thena ritt la tbe kaowltdga that a,ttorm« J ^ j o n *in the Circuit Court of the United States here to-day, courseoftbaUlal. Tbtt ease mated «*f<<«*»J"»J- beforeJudgesKelsontadShipman,totbecamoftawBeakymtr Lordship will extend to b i n , in our behair, a a invi- BtVisitsFourThousandSchoolChildren,tationto-visitusatfuchtimeasnomayfindItagreeabloLast evening the toreri of the "maRly art of Hat -de- fence" were eBtertatoed at theArtUnionCoBoertBall with a "grand fistic tournament," consisting of a "spar- ring exhibition and concert combmed," which wat gotten np for the benefit of Tom Jennings, of New Orleans,"whose offer to fight Ned Price has never been ac cepted."The entertainment commenced with a concert, to which but mile atttntioa was a t firtt paid by the few personi assembled, but as the boor of Biae o'clock ajiproeched tbepatroneoftbeP.R-begantonockto,nntUabout eight hundred persons were congregated within the bail," Attend an Exhibition, Give* a lunch, and Let* on a Flood of Water.It receivestbe note, areathough t h s31 O R EB A L Lrows aud fields arc tn|»gwttv» of Esilfem country scenes, and Uaj stacks and hotels arfl ajMoat ennaUy common witbit its predicts.WbtowearrivedA firepbese, alcohotstreetaboveWood. Loss.$Jt,000;partially•Miu t,THE 1'rHNCK OK W.Al.riSTBE COTTON STATES.Cop: -s ul tbe |pllowing oorrdSjwadencs be-ween a num- ber cf S<uihern gentlemen and I/«rd Lyons hnve bsen banded to us for publicatWr.:—THS SOlTHeR"* COlUHTrEE TO 1>0HD LVOKR. To-,'*.Psi.BTBos*.LORDLrosa,H.B %'aE.vv,>yExru-i-KW«' • »\D VflSI-TSR Pu:SII'0TS3»T!ART 1.1 THE UMfXO'kid urtdt-rstgued, citizens of £outiiera SU'.iis of the V'uton, learning th'»t it is the purpose of his •ojeA HtihL-^o am Prii.ce of Wales to visit sora*pane of o « r country, respectfully request yourkxceiletcy to tender to him a corda! invitation on oar Indian tongue.This mornitg < Monday i tbe weather broke dry and and IJeut. Hsggerty, of tbe United Stat«3 Navy, are Tbe C^urt would therefore Lear the motin.Mr. McKeou theJ asked for a wilt of refutation of tbe Wt st Washington Market property to the city under the order cf the Court cl 2*th cfJu*y.JAttSS G.BERRE.1*.meiiow in the a .tumnal sun, and the primitive aspect of the tcene was refreshing. Among the four thousand as- sembledatibeSatntarailwaystationwnrgclear, and the sun shone brightly on Albert Edward of stopping at the St. Denis Hotel.INVITED TO VISITEngland, as he was rowed In a small oared boat from the 1 various aspects under which tbe Kalis cany be viewed, two Lundre taud ninety wooden steps. leading three hunpart to extend his to-rr through t h e several States whichwe represent- it is true we hold no official relation to ofrativeeloqufuce 1 cannot say; tmt all who heard it tbc4K- 'tales n extending ths invitation. We are privata were prodigiously am'ised. At the close of each seutenco tat.isas, brought together in this city, casually In our or part the red-maa folded his arms aud paused while itfr.ro«r»rtnattoff.travels, seeking recreation or health, but we are conti lent minded the Prince ttiat the sky was beautiful, that it wasthat we represent the true sentiment of our sectionIn preordainjd that Albert Edward and himself sho id mei.t«STitmghwItoyalHigh.e« to visit us.and m assuring and that his heart was glad of the event He hoped the htm that he will tad with us a wirm welcome and a foU sky would continue fine for both those of the white an-ithose of the red skiu, .tad that his Royal H'.ganass w<juiu appreciation af his claims to consideration as the son of a remember the rert men when he came to th« thr :ue.tjuecn entiUeJ to our highest resptet for hw own v rtuet Tbo Prince smiled, said be wa* grateful for the ad- sad aa tbe sovereign of a great and kindred nation", from' drees, and hoped the sky would continue ooauuful. Hecritic over a1!, when, at the same time, I am i.o better than my r. i^i.bors.After this 1tat. 1without siLJirg some g<>cvdeuture to say more i.f Niagara «..a .u the visit of the li excuse. But, happ.ly, 1LaveTable Rock inceof Walts. Ha Is stand-rg onTableRock onthispleasant moreing,aidII o warm September sun is shining foi: u ^ n hiai ta heiook* dowr- at tbe glittering flood of foam, with its tlaoy•*=, from ih« diamond to the emerald, through asadesthe steamship Kangaroo; 1". M Orre'.l and G. W .J <.oiel- it is for tiie IJOLJCI e.f btlh pai-ties that such jaoa!d b oste<n, both or North Carolina; Dr X. H Wiranrer and J. tore In the meantime it is of mportanoe that no equi- H. Burton, both erf Florida : D. Blagulre and wile, of tableimTVlmeritsh*»ti!dbepitinthewayoftheCorpo-Cii-atia, and J. W. l-ied£, oi Cota< otcut, are stopping at rat.i.r, fo. inu collection of those ru.ts. Be submittedthe I afarge House.Mr. iviiaonts, in coceiuding hit remarks, tail—I bave shown that we intend to act ha geod f.ith in reference to thitmatter,sadwearereadytocarryoutsaysuchpur* p• -e as will protect the partiesMr. Noyce said be Uad i o bargain to make with tbe otherhide..Incge Kdmondt eau' lhat he understood there wasS bargain it. crM«-mi at: ,L iv some parties to buy tbe pro- pertyfor*2,«.-u,0UrMr.Koycadottedanyknowledgeofanysuchbargain- and rot-t idrre-d thai t o argumoLt was necessary from himThe order for this day alefc asked for aa attachment rgab.slJamesBTajlor"forcontempt indisobeyingthe Fet>r>DRCWSED.—Tbebodyofsaunknownmaawas orderbeforemade;butataneworder,retaraableat twelve o'clock on Thursday (thi- day) for th's particular Liverpool, lor which he paid to©, tbe real price being found drowned at pier No. 8 Inst river, yeaterdav and purpose, has been made, the argument on tha point waswhichwedniiveourlineage,ourlawsandomVeligioo and at a Prince destined to rale that great realm at some future day.Thatbroadandfertileagriculturalregionwherewere- side will protect to tbe Prince an extended picture or wealth, trospe.-ity and happiness, s uch as be has not ob-erft; far tbe spectacle of a great planting by ceaUasaea wtu own the tail and t&»wouldneverlorgethisredbrethren.The yells of delight wh;ua issued from the throats oftbe aborigines aa this was trans ated to them, caused in voluntary mirth am i.g the pale faces.Tbe chiefs, in addition to being ring nose*!, paint--dandmoccasitied,halb'stlalohornsonthiirheads,siiateskins arounu their waists, thickly set with porcupinequills orcolored gra-s. Tothese bisRoyal flgkaeaspresented medals nearly as urge as tbe mmth of a «<•'£» .i8hiiy imUd » a h the rauoow. Tha roar cf theHon.HenryWinterI»avl8andfami'y,ofBaltimore,areQrrt.asdc».uMexcusethemse'.vetfromdoingso,it would be perfectly us*-ieos for tae Court.- to ma<e any "pier at all The order had been marr, tae suitors were befure the Court and within t b e power o l tbe Court, aad s- !or? as that order atood it was their duty to obey. Whetheriths-beenobeyedornotitisnotnrcesaaryto sa> now, sstheoi.unfcels-dif.trnothing but an order to carrythatintoeffect.U>orars who csMtvste it, is not to be seen ouUiie of tie Tbe Indian* a tter a mby giving* h * * » * warned tbe compltaeatCourtofGeneral Sessions. Before Judge Russelltbetr upontbe Prince t^SST*----., >h« prosperity of wbi^b La»« antaZSLr*.!!*^J*.tt«81 ClairrivertoID awlu) (.iLdtor to ibe ordinary magnificence of the tcene.1without jsai'inty tbe power and prosperity »r a _people,withwhomitisourwishatalluinmtoIrtasaftisBdtyterms.1 nunarea attended it, aad the Prta*. dM^^TJL" * ' • • •FaTALFau.—GhitsUaaaSirick.a Garmu woman, r e sldifpuatNo.340Greenwichstreet,wssaccidentally killedyesterdaymorningbyfallagliontheroofofherpie of eachWe should be happy to receive tbe Prince of Wales sadha suite taour midst, sad we repeat oar request thatwhich tbt PrlP oe was conducted. Here BOless than!^oiir addr«ssesWrtread,to»hl«brepliet wera promtaed bymaU. i weather was bcanUtal, and tbe tail*,^1rened1J Tati with blue sash* s, gathered round bis Royal H i s >whftb,neea, and stag "«odJrswtagte the Prince than othorwtsa. A eolutieaewftarrassing to..•rp'resd ft ^ % ^ r ^ r «wlrdTa'^edTo^ftVtnaments, preparatory lotbelr return through the dusty streets.WOODSTOCKis a quiet spot in tbt centre of " V W > ' n H W ' « !It _FARon cRoamwa THRmMABAriver, attWft balf way between tbt Fai* t t i t o B w p * alonb*MR,on a tight rope. Hehad started fromthe American aide, habited in a red Jacket, aal J " * ? ^ ing tatelcly, with the DaJanoa pole ta his hand Tbe river beravrta inch wider tad theatttt higher th«betow tbe brWac,whereBlondln waa to perform httftalihand the w«*or walking to far, wider tuch circumstances mi>M have required eBormont .cwtrage, *******£._** presence of mind, eapeclafiy wbea the rather I^gbittatoMuscularto do to.We tender to year Excellency th e assurance of o i rparty from whombank sending the avails supposes U it leading them to tome one else.Firs tu PhUndelpUisw PKLanaiJ-Hu, 9spt. 18, 1800.t gh ecus,i!eratWDH. W HUltud, Montgomery, Am. H. CYiinus, Macon, GaH W. Conner, Charleston, S. C. Joseph Ackiin, Nashville,Teaa- T R Jennings, Nashville, Tana. H. Courtney,LouisianaT M. Matthews, Alsbama.W. B. Wlttberger, SkVannaa. JaiI*.FleweUen,Georgia.Kufus M. Johnson, Smth Carolina Walter Goodman, Mississippi.W. K Robertson, Sooth Carolina.M Ward, Texas.Robert A. Smith. Georgia.B B Lewis, Alabama.H Tiliawa, Teaoeaee.C 1 . Nelson, Arkanasa.F- R Oarllle, AlabamaJohn A. MUler, MississippiJoaa H. Howard, Columbwi, Geo. V. K Stevenson, NaahvilK Tenn.Won M. Martin, Charleston, S. C. G W. Sappington, Mlmlcsippi. John M ansa, NsBhvlRe.rtsJTto Priife'i liitkerboeket PtilaleoM tad lii Tailoring Generally.Profca ble Cltanges in the Canadian Cabinet.Aa Invitation to H it Royal High- ness from the Sonny South.BLO*DPI Ma THE raises AT mciai,HAHILTOR, C WM 8epv 19-40.3© .P. M. The Prince began work early ihla memtng with a levee at tbe ttcy.fi Hotel, a* which addresses were presented.Abort a doxea Americana and crowdt of Caca 1 ans were jesty tbe Ques», sad of regard and affectiou for her poo- rose and said,'Now. then, you must ail keep nuiet—I rresented. t pie. must have it, 1can't allow any remarks to be madeAmong the addresses waa one fro**, the Baptist Society, His Royal-Highness reerets extremely that the -short- while we're here."in the gallei y and on the stage.mentioned place, the two firtt presented a scene of a solid mass of human beada, the facet belonging to which bore an appearance of eager anxiety for the cemmencement of tbe muscular portion of tba entertainment.Shortly after hair past nine t h e celebrated crib scene from ''Tom and Jerry" was enacted, Tom Crib being re- presented by Izzy Lataro*, ahose jolly rotundity could -carcely find room oa the small ordinary chair placed forbis accommodation. H » white bat he aoon depotited on der the seat, between the rails, and his laughing, good humored "phis" elicited a hearty round of cheer' sa b e turned it towards tbe audience. Dad Cunningham and a Jarge number of the principal members of the P. R. were present on the stage, some occupying seats, others trust- ing to their own "understandings " Old Bill Tovee w a t appointed master of the ceremonies, and tried hie beet to make everything pass off well, and succeeded.Tbe first set-to was between two amateurs, and was a very fair ipecimen of their talent. The next was between Grcghan and Tuohey. In one of the roundt tbey both rolled over, amid the laughter of the audience. The last round was verv smartly fought, and aa any particu- lar hit told upon the party struck, a loud ,'Oh! oh!" wouldHenry G. !>mith, Memphis. Ksw T«a«, Aogoet 28,1860IfORD LTOKS' felSPLT.T.iRu.sru, SepU 18, 186€.CmaniATT, Sept. 19,1880. people attended t h e National Fab yester- day. The stock on exhibition to the ring a batter thanany previous day. Competition was spirited. The first premium of $600 for beat thoroughbred stallions waa taken b y Bonnie Scotland, owned b y Reber k Kutx.of Lancaster, Ohio. Tbe firtt premium tor breeding stal-letter Jate-i the *»'.& ultimo, by which, in common w':«h other dietingaihned gentlemen, von have invited his R»ty- ai H«bc(ss the Trince of Wales to visit tha Soulttrn SUMSofthe'CoEfederation.exchange of words. Tbe red men of Brantford- were dressed m as fi.ll and gorgeon? costume as their brethren of Sarnia. but the squaws that stood croucbingly aloof locked wtetched.He had twelve bttndred feet to walk between the two shores: but he accomplished the task easily, and arrived unexhausted in bis shed, where tbe royal party were as- sembled, in lees than hair an hour from the time of atart- tog. Tbe Prince and others shock him by the hand and enrfrratulated him on bit safe arrival, and the spectators •on the other side of tbe river cheered. There were about two thousand present in all.rCSK ESBAID* TUESDAY, iffiETIfflffilt 20, 1S60.-TPJPLE SHEET.Kttrr<l\»a mostfcar»pyretellwhentno j »»«*>J*»»i"£ «1 5M^^Sl^i iiS3—•—-they overthrow thebarrier. which prejudice or mis- the,were^ ^ ^ ° »*«•*»?JjJJ^m^on, where UasBMchmoretewibla,sublimtandawfultofcbRWBaaea reetamongtbeticket twindlert, saaayofwhosawerem ofNorwalkva.Adams'ExpressComaaay,thejm*yttuafaguded pBilaatbropy tests lobnlUsp, sad whet, ttiey » « « > * ^ t o S ? 2 ^ ^ I 5 ^ i h o wa. unlrell, under- ttaaNSara «Nbt«ara-« lahoanartacti with a rainingatundtaot during tba trial.Isxsuie you that tbe kindness and cordiality of froarAViuti; Lhave 'been moat highly appreciated, and chatha Royal Htgwaess has received with the most lively s*tisfaHion \<'ir hearty expressions of respect f«r her M»- the Mayor,•who,as soon at the royal party bad sat dot*,han. save ice u-ic «*• .^o*»u»»-« - — . ~~~IA~T,M nt thaverdict for tba dtfendanu. Tbe action wan It) recover *2 S/Jl, sent by tbe bank through the Express oo the aa- count or a forged note sent to ths bank through tha £*. press. Tbe Court held that an express » Rot anor rnaraateer of the raautneaam of paper teend BBS the right to deliver the avalMof a Bote to tbe*xert their esergles to brisg about as far M possibta Ml^save the Duke of. Newcastle, whojras unwe ^ - ^took an exceeding!- dotty dflvt toJbe " • * » « £ ' * g 'sbortly befcro five o'ciocli to tba afleracoM^T tba samea friendlr and unrestricted commerce between the peo- Msyor, where a 'Uis was erected under the J " » ? ^ ^ day I taw a ^ b t the like of walob I aavir saw before.ExnltUlou—Beuefit u f Turn J ens i n f t .drove te the -agrlaulMural exhibition at the Crystal ! Your courteous and cordial invitation will not, bowever, be fecgnlten, and will be regarded as an additional attention by bis rapid loading and Bring of a sancon. B e than tnat just described. This consisted in carrying awaiters see rued to be unable to make any Impression on the audience, despite tbeir flowing curls and attractive charms.In tbe third round Johnny drove 8am against thescenery, when one of tbe audience cried out, "Johnny,you can't lick htm for twenty dollars," and another partysaid " h e would hold the stakes." The lifth round, andwisd up, was fought amid roars oi laughter a t tbe pre-tended bard hits, and ended with loud cheers and a pro-longed"hi,hi,hi."untiltheya?sincameforwardtoacknowledge the applaose. Jack Bath a n d Johny Mooa-gban now set to, and fought the three first rounds veryrapidly. In the fourth Monaghan nearly knocked Bathover,whenoneofthecrowdinvitedhimto"takeaglassof ale," which being refused, the same voice said," JackMonagtan. I drink your health." i s this was all out oforder, tbere were cries of '• Put him out," " Dry up,"\c,untilToveyhadtocomerorwardandreqnestthem"if they couldn't be orderly to be aa orderly as theyPDIuibKLPHU, Sept. 19,1880 B Floor firm. Wheat dull. Corn scarce and in deaaaner at 7.0c. Provisiona quiet: mesa pork, 919 75. lard.steady at 13Jfc. Whiskey steady at 2*c. a 2Sa minnow, Sept. 19,1800.Flour very dull and heavy: no sales. Wheat dufl and heavy:red,tl25atlS5;white,tlSOatl60. Cora- doll, heavy and lower: white, 6iz a 07c.; yellow, 60s. a e8c.Provltionaverydnll,andunchanged.CoflbeRrm, tnd advanced ^c. a ^c.; Rio, lie. a 15c.; stock to port 4,000 bags. Whiskey dull at 22&CAIBASY, Sept. 19—« P. M Flour—Demandmoderate.Wheat—Sales,1.200bushels Michigan red afloat, at $1 28. 050 bushels white Indiana on private terms, near load ot red State at SI 26, aad se- veral lots white Michigan at 91 48 a 91 82. Cats-SalsaBute at 8*'ac , and 2 000 bushels do. afloat at 38c. Com— Sales 43 WO bushels Western mixed at 65s. a 06c Bar- ley- 8a.os, 600 bushels State winter and spring at 85:.,Balace. I pMDfof the kn.diy sentiments eatertalned towards Great firedabout twenty shots from the one piece witbia a man on bts back across tbe same rope. It mav seemTbeexhibitionwasveryftae,batmanyoftheexhibi- iBritainin«vllpartsoftbegreatkindrednation. Ihivequarterofanhour. 8uchfellowsashewouldasinnjeb. the enemy in a sea fight, and would have made Pizarro grow pale and Cortex tremble.At half past four we arrived at ranTKBii;,strangethstanyonecouldbefoundtoputhimselfinthit position, and rpoo whose presence of mind Blondln could depend. However, one Harry Colcord—the same tnat he carried across on tbe two former occasions of bis per- formingasimilar feat—placed himself onthebackof Bloniln, to whom he acts ae agent, and forthwith Blon-ts*-* express a disaffection at tbe little notice taken of taeir articles, tor the Prwoedrd not leave h s owrtae; sadea!yremainedaquarterofanhoar.TodaythePrtooeappearedinthecharacterofhost,giving a lanch tc forty persons at the Royal Hotel. Thetbe hoeorto be, sir, your very faithful humble servant, EYONS.The ili-n. HXXBY W. HUXUKD, and others.OurNiagaraFalltCorrespoml-once. NUQARX FALLS, Sept. 1*, 1S60.after passing through twenty miles of uncleared land. Car-riage*wereinwaitingtoconveytheroyalpartytothe dlnstartedwithhimImaymentionthat,Inorderthe ruins of the fort, which In years gone by had bean a more steadily tosecure the rider, there were stirrups de-txd baa a popnlttlon of about five tboaxand. Tt» hedga- -of tbe wtod waa taban into amakleratlon. Yet the remn-Rasasa rOe contpany bad formed a t a guard of bonor, and *thousand of loyal Canadians wtta RfEembted to wdcobM•bsir future King. Aa srch, •crowned wttb a Prince wWatea plume, madeof wheat sheaves, stood in the rear,and a landscape of hill and dale filfad np tbt back•si-tcnd. Tbe inevitable address w a t presented^jaaifme stepped Troto the Great Wttstem to tbe BmTalo below, and boiling rapids plunged onward in taelr wild;«id lake Hun» Railway, where tuwther sutc car was vexation. But Btondto was as composed aa if be had•balr, small gray eyes, sunken cneefcs tad dried up, saUow lookicg/eatures He is afcout fl*e feet six in height, andwears a mustache and imperial, butno beard or whltkers. He ia thirty six yeara old and a native of Ca- lais, and has practised tight rope walking since b e w a s four years of sge. He resides with bis wife and children In the town orCltfton, Ni.gera. In manner he is quiet,After seven o»ok>-.k the Prtaie drove to the central i extend his tour Urtber Soutn.public school heuse, where aa address was presented In racv ibe necessity of his Roynl Highness' beio? in and ssaoe another observation of tbe same kind, not diality of the Frenchman. He speaks very good English,Engbuid by tbe end of next month at latest, precludes his withstanding tbe remonstrance of Sir Edmund H<*d, and expresses his intention of vtarttng England in a short from the trustees. Four thousand children were in at- ! being able to prolong his stay rathe United States until which occasioned much merriment throughout the room. time. 1remarked, as a set off to his very slight frame,ment would be given by them, in such words as 'Go it. my son." ' Get in and win," &c. Between each set.to the musicisaa played a lively measure* the '•boom booming" of the double bass and tbe jingle or some sleigh bells being most prominent.Young Dutch Sam and Johnny Lazarus now had a'•sham mill," and tbe "pat pat" of the rapidly exchangedblows, which fell at thick and fast aa bail stcnet, wereeasily heard at the father end of tbe ball, eliciting suchremarks aa "You've got it, Johnny," '-Jam is smartnow," "Give it to him." sic., mixed with loud cries tor Corn quiet, at 73c. a 80c Park dafli mess pork, t i l a order. 1'urinetheexcitement cf thit settotbefemale 82160,off*red. Fteights—CottontoHavre1Jfe.which waa very graciously received. It was in •trikinfaessoftbe'timewhichliehasathisdisposal, renders it xnpossible toe him kf< visit, upon this occasion, the moreThe Prince rmiled, tbe Governor General looked angry,and everybody else felt either amused or annoyed atsuch aa uncalled for lecture. The Mayor was a rough,farmer'?ike man, and was evidently under th* Inilueaceof strong waters. He rose again after a sh<r . interval, i almost subdued, yet when spoken to b a all tbo cor-emtrsst to treatment of dissenters in Montreal. The bo ! Southern portions of the Pelted Btataa, His Rayal IDgh ! nets hopes-to be able to goto Richmond, m Virginia, but t*l and vicinity were of course jammed. [ he is to much pressed for tinee that he will be uaible toTbe tteamabip Star of tbe West sails far New Tort: on tbe 21st isst.tendance. The Prince expressed his gratification at the I tbe £eaa«n*wben travelling to the South become* healthy manner inwhioh theschool wasconducted,and then to1!ornp<**ncotst'tutions.DASXTIXXX that tbe muscle of his arms, though small, was freely de- wsstbenextplaceofstoppage,andhereanaddresswas veloped,andthathitchestwaslargeforhissize presented in the royal car, and a negro attracted general He was now about to perform a feat far more perilousCotton—Sales to day 9,000 bales, at 10'ic for middling.company comprised the Prince's suite and government orft- T*« l<i>d<mof Ame'iea-~Iis Feature* and its Ditfcrenxt— gtrcngtiold of tbe British. It stoodat the distance of half pending from Blondin's ib>nlders, into which the other a roue from tbe station, with its two towers pierced with inserted his feet. They rested twice or thrice on thecma.MayirandCouncil. Theusual loyal toasts were Satrnia—TteInliaas and Vuir Eloquence—Presentation embrasures andpartlyovergrown with ivy,distinctly way,andColcordhadtostandon tberope till Blondin proposed, and Ibe Prince then drove out to the water of MedaU^-The Prince's Journey to Niagara—A former visible. The city of Buffalo lay immediately facing ua o t gave the word for him to mount again. On one of theseMayvr—ihil Erie—Arrival at Xiagara—lUaminatian of the opposite side of the Niagara river, here about tw o miles wide.the JaO»,v!c., &c. Tbe historical recollections of his Royal Highness andoccasions I saw the balance pole swaying violently up and down, and Col<ord striving, but ineffectually, u get his right foot into the stirrup. People could took at theala waiting for tbe Prince.A rapid ride tn ought ua t oKRANTV"Rr,where his Royal Highness walked to bis carrlsge under a *bi dsomc sreb, snd between a double line of school gtr», in white frocka, who, while singing tbe national anthem, threw bouquets at his feet, so that his path was literallystrewn witn •flowers.A group of Mohawk Indian chiefs met him at the endbeen ttrWmg on terra firma, although be advanced warily, for one false step would have hurried him to per dltion. JTe rested two or three times in his passage over, and aieo turned several somersaults, and, trtth his hands graaamgtbe rope, bung down at length, and then,gather- ins bimseir up, turned tound and round like a squrrei g Sit. U was by no means a healthy tight, and the Prince\enarry others withdrew their eyes from such a terri- ble display of hardihood " I fidt my heart lu my mouth all the time," was a remark I beard after the performanceImmediately.The captain and crew remain on board. TU* IfUtlonnl Fair.of the platform, and one of them delivered into his hand !--R-1havetbehonortoacknowlegethe receiptoftt« anaddress,uponwhtchtherewasamutual bow,butto was ortr.Ano.he-r address from the pale faces, an,u another dotty drive nacceeded, before we reached the Klrby Hoot*, where a ^mblic luncbion was served, presided over bylions waa taken b y tMockbridgeworks arriving nearly an hour too early for the slow Caaaii'eos. He therefore graciously awaited their arrival. Prcoeedisg to-be inside of the building he openedtheacross tbe still bosom of tha river. It was such a soeno or suspense which elapsed between their passage from run to get out of tbe way. In tbe third round Clark led eeaeraJ became excessively annoyed about it. It la a rural looking semi civilised spot, with a a'ownish as would have fascinated tbe eye of Turner, Who shore to shore. Several times the hardy walker seemed off. and after some rapid bitting he halloed out so loudTbePriaeeandsuitedroveoffingranthaste,andem population,fortbemostpart,thathaveall thevicesand was.grand upon sun and sunset views, and vary tofalter,almoststumble,underhisload,andanxiouseyes sstoscarceKellyandendtheround. TberemainderofAm 1heroor on the other side of tbe Atlantic? This suite were revived as they stood gazing upon the specta- spectacle no longer, and sought relief in turning away cle ofdecay, just as peopie might in an old graveyard tbeir eyes. Thatevening Colcord to'd me that hewas may appear a strange question, but its drift will be per- upon the tombs of tbeir ancestors. seized with cramp In tha thigh. -Yea," said be,'-wecould," when the noise at once ceased. In tbe fifthround tbere were continued exchangee of " wipes on 0 000 bushels Canada East at 90; , and two or three car-throttles of tbe valves, letthe water on and declaredtbeworks doly Inaugurated. W .th bad taste but exceseire ceived when I tell my readers that 1am wrissng tbe firstrespect tbe Commissioners hsd tbe iron which the Prince p u t of this .letter In Bond street, in tbe city of London,m obliged to tench in this operation covered with Crim- situated on the banks of the Thames, In the county ofean velvet Oa account of the hurry.no i.me was al- Middlesex. 1have only to look around me to find an an- lightful, and the weather equally so. The river was as Never was one man more dependent upon another forlowed for an address from tbe Water Cammiaaioners, and swer. Tbe London of the New World is a Lancashire vil tranquil as an Italian lagoon, and the sun sinking with hit life than either of these acrobatic pilgrims acrossUxju«h this was doubtless BO great loss, the Governor l«ge, compared wttb its namesake of tbe Old World. lurid rediance shed a flood of brilliant, many hued l'ghus the Xisgara river during; tbe twenty long minutes bis opponent round to rapidly that even Tovee had toB a r k e d l a a t i t t l e m i t e o f a s t e a m e r f o r t h e P e e r l e s s , l a ; n o a * o f t h e « i t o r d i s c l p l i n s o f a L o n d o n m o b i s E n g l a n d . p r o d i g a l o f ! <ts p a i n t i n t o t h e b a r g a i n , a s a l l w h o h a v e beentbrocghtheTurnerGalleryc.unotfail tohaverawhich they returned to the city, leaving the Canadian j They are utaccustomed t? policemen, and as a consequence marked.t h a t h a d f o l l o w e d a s h e b a d g r a d u a l l y l e s s e n e d t o t b e t h i s m a t c h w a s o f t h e s a m e n a t u r e a n d e n d e d w e l l . viewwerewithdrawnintbefearofanimpendingcatas- Duringtbewholeofthistimesomeyoungrascalwas trophe. Then they were resasured again at they saw obtaining a gratuitous view of the "scene so charming"rfbca.'s to return Bethey oouW.To n-ght the Prinoa atieaded a ball in a bailding erectedIt was dusk when we entered the narrow inlet at Chip- him mskirg bis way steadily towards the opposite point; tbtoogh the skylisht in tbe roof of the stage, ana someI policemen are almost useless among them In preserving order.The city has only been incorporated fifteen yearr; yet The room was handsomely decorated, the Prinae's vari • ! it boasts of two dally newspapers, wnich speaks well forpewa, bett.K'eu two huge oonftreB blazing on either binlt, and crowds in tbeir vicinity looking spectral lu the glare. A tore]digit procession enhveudd the landing scene, aul a temple illuminated with Bengal lights, at a point near'ybut a t freqoent intervals the irresistible anxiety would b e ircreasrd by a staggering movement or the act of resting. "I was more frightened than Blondln,'* said an officer of the rites after the destination had been reached In safety.one waa sent aloft to dislodge tbe gentleman.After some rparring from Millage Cornell a n d Mike Trainer, followed b y PeteO'Donnell and Dan Kerrigan,and Young Kaearty and Barney, Clay and Winkle bad a little set to of two rounds, smart and rapid, and eliciting great applause, some remarking that it was "the best ret to of tbe en mag."The great affair of the exhibition took place shortly be- fore half-past eleven, between Tom Jennings and John Pybnrn, of Brooklj n. A s Tom came on the stage he waafor the purpose, adjoining the Anglo Ameriam Hotel. •onetitleibeingl4tcrietduponshieldsh.egaround. Tae thetastesofmanyo.'theoemmuaity. ThepopaUti.nis half waybetween tberailway station aultha ClHton Everybodypresentfeltaweight removedasthiswasac-bail was a one t (fair.The Pr n ;e has jost received sevcr-il sails o f clothes,which b'' irdeied from a Toronto tailor. Aami^ these isabout twelve thousand, the great majority of whom are Protestants, and it possesses a hotel a s !a.*ge a i t i n £ n sin House at Toronto. By judicious packing, the wt-iUHouse, in which the usual addresses were presented, Lai a very theatrical effect.That evening the Priace diaed a', his residence, fornser- ly ki.own as Mr.complished, and tbey once more breathed freely. CaOSSUG 0> STILTSa pa.r of pent* for hooting, called "'iuickarbockers," population might be crammed into it. It u new.On -waeir return, the Prince embarked on board tbe were nearly getting into a scrape to day. I thought 1 steamer for tblppews. and received a talnte or twta>y- couldn't go any further. But it would never do to g e ttbe smeller "Bill Clsrk abd Aufltraian Kelly now tried their s !!.gotaailoat were unsold. Whiskey lower: tales 80 bott at 12lao.Bt-mio, 8ept 19—1 P. M. Flour quiet and nrcbangel. Wheat firmer, but at tbeelose dnll and easier: sales yesterday afternoon 6,080 bushels red winter at t l 09 a t l 10, 4,000 bushels good No 2 Chicago spring at ,9101: this morning 10,000 bush- els do. at 91 Oj^c , 5,0C0 bastela No. 1 do , to arrive, at tl 06; 6,000 bushels red winter at 9114, be- fore tbe report from New York wat received, but offering afterwards a t 9 1 1 3 . Corn steady, at 56c Oats steady, sales of 17 000 bushels a t 30,',c. Barley 76c. Whiskey—Buyers o&er 21c. Canal freights lower f43 on flour, 16c on wheat. 14c. on corn to New York. Imports—9 000 bbrt. flour, 72 000 bushels of wheat, 4 009 do. barley.' Canal exports—1,700 bblf. of flonr, 159,000 bushels of wheat, 23,000 do. core, 10,006 do. oats.Brrraio, Sept 19-6 P M. Flour steady; demand confined to the borne trade. Wheat—Demand fair; less firm In t h e afternoon: sales 10.000 bushels No, 2 Chkcaxo spring, a t 8 1 CO','1.. Z 000bushels do , at t l 01; 0.000 bushels red winter, at 91 14; 4 000 bushels do , at t l 12;,; 10,000 bushels do, at t l 13. Corn Btcaely: demard moderate: sales 16,000 bushels, a t 66c. Os*a steady: sales 17,000 bushels.'at 10;. Barleycne guns from tbe United States battery fronting tbo tad- frightened, because it would throw him over in a mo way terminus as he passed. The scenery here was de- meat."and in tbe two first rounds Kelly led off with a "spanking bit" on Clark's cheek. During tbe wbole set to tbe pecu- liarly nervous twitching np of Kelly's left leg was clearly perceptible; but that did not prevent him from drivingsplendid thoroagbXares, no monuuienU uf stoneworkor a:.d spray mfitt have been likenel.ia the languaga of on the small Etc-amcr Mall of the Mi^t,which at triumibs o! engineerirg skill. Wood, not many yesrs Spurgeon, to smoke from bell or steam from boiling once steamed towards tha falls. The royal party waters, so much did tbey appear in character with the eaf:h took dnw;. one of the hooded o'lakin coats from hewn from the forest cf Windsor which environs the city, lights whtch shone like huge tires. tbe pegs in the cabin, and soon re-emerge'd upon deck,features of th/day was an excellent address, delivered by Msjor M. R Patrick the Principal of tbe State Agri- cultural College, which will be opened on the 1st of lm-nentlon derivable from « oocBpatiOB - " " ^ J f i , " 0 , 0 ? ^ peril seemed quite lBtdequato,tor the Bumber of ipecva- tors was small on either shore.HisRoyalHlghaetapawedOBhorsebackat-bittime and uttered aa exclamatlOB of wonder aa h e watched tbe stealthy progrew of tbe actor In » part eo thrilling.t h amorn lag destroyed Edward Evans'cam- a a d turpentine usntsbcteryA pause of about a quarter of an hour ensued before the daogeroi.s experiment of walking across on stilts wss It stands, surrounded wttli lawn and garden groand, attempted. This was an entirely new feature in Blondin'slfHTL TO] r aadlAMIJEWtTBtJ,W* taseMy-"pBOTOeOf tlMrairKRSUN'sWR,.:h are ma to to b itton below the knee and blag over and I am afraid that, like the Groat EtsWs within a pistol t>ot of tbe Ciiitor, rout is bidden front/the career, and wss put forward at tbe great event of tbe greeted with "three cheers and a tiger," heartily piventbeg-.teis i:keZ-nu.e troaiers. The other silts w*re speculation, it will be rather difficult to make It pay.made %/ier tb<* ««h >on eo**esledby the Trma* himself.view by trees and shrubbery. Tiius his Riyal Bi^bfu«a da;. He stepped on the rope ani xdvaoced towards us by the whole bonse. He returned thanks to tbe audi- Arm: sales 3 COObuehsts, at T6c. Whiskey—21c offered. has at length found asequts.ere.'. spot titne he citj be with ie>fty sirilts. This, 1afterwards fouud, was owing tiecce for their patronage, and to tbe sparrera for their Canal freights—54 • on flour. 15c. on wheat, 14c oo corn,gsble txifciecce as calm y and pleu^aotly as he pltasca, Iwa or three hours alter his arrivaland tiro Btories, although there are several fine b ilMliigj Lite public are indebted tor so origami an idea. Ona of Uttered ejaculations of horror; but It was soon found that p-•. keta and a brew, pocket, braid telng laid on i!at a:I and many avcrsgely so. Among these are ths batiks. the 1 ghts wag placed under the Table Rock, and bottled he tad only rat down to rest. How he got up againwas**d willorob&Uyb jt o e-=:yle for thisseasonia N<**Lonlou, which Is also callei the Potest C;ty, is tbt centre of an extensive agricultural district, and WJUI 1 have been much more prosperous but for tae gr*at com•notVAUAwntc iitron.vATSDwith Bengal lights, whtch bad a vnry unique RndThe ttuts were short and fastened to his legs,inthreemonths,andhetherepubliclydeclaredhewould (XOobis,hour,14,000bushelswheat,26,000bushelscora, Oght tte challenger or any maa ia the world for 8,000 bushels oats.so that he bad only to be careful to step fairly on tbe Tbe ractF ar« peg tops, \s'.th a lapped seam. The oiat mercial iianlc. The streets of the city cross each otherat rplendid effect This was done by Mr BlackwslL of lopt aid preserve his ba'ance with the pole. Once he is & i»:*o> abort rack, double breasted. with two ssie right angles, and the shops and houses are chieiiy of one Uontieal, Director of the Grand Trunlc P.ail*ay, to wbopi dropped lather suddenly on to the rope, aud womenTf-rlv R* b»re."TM--i.— oo terming the cull. These suits are madeof Tbe Town Ball is, however, a poor, gloomy looking baild-ite a*at clctb, csj>ecially to captivate tfce fair Americans. ing, entered by passing under an archway. There is no shoe cataract as they harried wildly to tbe giffr, tfeeir Uttii by his P.oyal Highness and those near.7*e ^vie* '», ntcourse, princely.A Ca*ir<tt C'uuacil was tela in this ambitions city to*as EO important that t h a Postaanrter General, atlb- t.gfc i. waa recaikd. It was near!} but notrr«i?e, that Attomry General VicIVuaid should rtJ'gr n Mr Van Ko-ogbtet should follow i i 3 eximplc, O.LC. t ; 'rt.aa and tbe oppotition be alio -red fall sway. This would be the breaking up of tbe ministry. Ihis as- t.i a «*a caused b y Ifco Oratg-i troubles. Talt about the Antrum: at the ITotropcntan. BDOU himself could take *tt.pe ci these miiK>r officials aiio lire on bread andwateralltlrirhvos,andnewdisturbtbewholehotelw.tb carres because wines do not sail them at dinner,there with varying intensity for novly aalf an hoar, a pirzie to tauj. He came In with rapid, bird like andsightly "tapped Johnny's claret," which the Utter re- lume;! with interest, in the third, or wind up.declined l c . on grain. Flour 37c. and wheat 12: , to NewHSlSa/* 311Mmeanwbiie revealing the foaming waters of the Horse-mcasrrcd step, and was once more cheered and congratu-Y«rk Inrportr—1S1.600 bushels wheat, 12,900 bushels The entertainments then concluded with singing and hi.ley and 2.?C0 bushels peas. Canal exports—3 785abitunass shining in clear contrast witU tue s-irrouawin.ed.irknese The r« liiUioa of other I<ght3 fail full upoaihaAmerican Fail, that had all the lustre of snow in the firstraysofanArcticsun,andallthecharm ofvitality,forWestern Canada. I ttrolkd round tbe city on Wednes- tLose waters teemed to Hve as they disported in tfceir 1,s shor'dtr, wa Sed homo in hi skin fitting merino day eight, aftsr the reception, to see the illuminatijns. strength and spoke in their voice of tbacder. jod.rve*'. and drawers, a lib a wreath of feathers on h.s1 passed throcgh Pall Mall and Pijcadilly, at»il ha.', a good The ; lay of the chaugitg 1gat across a sceao of saoh head.dauc ng, but the excitement was now over, aau nearly every oi»e left the hall.doubt that London will eventually becoma a line city, but the aboerce of shipping will always operata against it. Aa CUZM was to Peru, so will Londou be hartat'iar toThe rcyal party" and the spectators generally now re- tiree',andBloud'c.withbisbalancepoleandstiltsacrossbbis. Hour, 43,100 bush.Is wheat a n d 35,000 bushels barley.CnajiRiTi, Sept. 19,18C0. F'cur steady; holders offer freely, but show no dispoet-lock at Y.'i stminster Bridge, aud after tha". at B.ackfriars iratiral grandeur was sublime iu the influenco it worked The iamginatiou of Dante never u&njured up anytbingBridge, iiotb spanning the Thames, whi-h is here less 10 stngolar as exist,ng in the dreamy repiors uf whloll b'ithan two hundred feel wide. Bat I ->%*- in themuo wrote as tba eight Bcene at Niagara Tlio alist the (loverucr Genera! scd his suite, he embarked tosuch occasions was veiygood. Among the principalBLOSDCI.At soon ss the Prince and party arrived in BJondln'sWhen teen from the last^*. w*.nmjB**uma##t^ WS-SRU ^^sn*t> aAtntUwtftEmu, c. w., asps. i», ttsa.The propeller Wabaah valley, from Sarnie botad te Chi- cago, collided with RB unknown propeller twentysouth o f Thunder Bay Islands e n Sunday night.ths colliHon thscaptainrantbeboatontbtreeTtopre- vent her sinking. The clerk arrived here thisiand says thsboatwillbeatotalwreck unless•adosuTethatgetHutortbe rope eat out from the Ame- rican side and came on fitowly towards the oppoelte point Huge rock* pointed their naked heads three hundred feetCooper, cf Hamilton county, Ohio Blondln Is a man ot slight but wiry frr.me, with sandy be uttered by the spectators. An occasional encourage- cctr.es. The fair closea to morrow.to tha slflts being booked at tbo end in an istarce; and informed the crowd that be had just re- to New York. Lake imports today—11,000 bsM. flour, a shape resembling t h e feet o f a bird. ceived a cballedgr from some unknown person to light him 87 0C0 bushels wheat, 2 000 bushels barley. Exports—I shook his bond and found it naturally warm, while rr- fcjitnm betrayed n o excitement or exhatstion.J*.- £., T J A B T ;IBS TKIN'-E IR THE SPRAT.The Prince after this rode down to tbe ferry, where, inand tbe show of oxen, horses, sheep, swine, agriculturalCHICAGO, Sept. 19, laCO. Wheat firm and 2a. u. 3 c higher: sales 27 CC0 bushels, at 86c. a 87;ic. for No. 1 spring; *3>;c a 84V,c. for No. 2. in store. Corn active and lc. better:salts 40,000 bushels at 38c. a 39c , in store. Oats firm. Receipti to ticy—3,600 hblt. iiour, 93,000 bushels wheat,r. n ~r.i.y with tl.» Dake of Newcastle, Earl St. Germans,implements, fruit, vegetables and other articles incidentFiour quiet.KIthematerielofwhichboththebridges,^adthePKi Iftfcemoonbeamshadbeenplayinguponthefagsof thel'riccelaughinghetrtilyatthestrangetlrrurehacut. cembernext,theMajor,inhisaddress,insisted S50C0bushelscorn.fl,CC0bushelsoats.Shipments— 2,400 bbls. flour, 67.000 bushels wheat, 25,000 bushels Sl<t.i and Picsditly boo&is were built, and the contcj.it nature then the illusion would, t j a grett extent, h»ve Leicfe: entile); enveloped in tbe huge Mackinuah, which that tbe cccopatlon of a farmer was among the most corn. 1reighis declined 2c , engagements made at 12:.between the things of Uit old London and the npjRtsfttam^ been lost; but that darknes-, whivih was mcess try to the ial'rg spray now.played upon most musically, at the intellectual, as well as the most ancient of pursuits, to for corn to Buffalo. Bight exchange on New York ad- .ike ofwhich wssnever seen before. A display tf Tteview oftheFalls—lookingupirard,astbesteamer dencyofthepresent n^etocarry outonlyonenartorand ir.s:..n cpoc having armed sentinels walk up and downL'rrrt f their bedrooms to guard people whom erery ir.urc and more marked. Verily, I said, tnis is Lomiju give it full efTect, was there to enhance a spectacle, the same time drenching the dec* like heavy ratn. which sll others were subservient. He decried the ten- vanced to '; per cent premium.it i (f-"ir s to keep as far swsy from as possible only ia cume. I meet nothing familiar here. Thwre is rockets and illuminations ashore aided the Oei-y frrandeor sudtleiily swept round at the Horseshoe carve, headingas i'avid Crockett's celebrated maxim. Divii said. "Be To morrow th« Piiocc aid suite bid good bye to all this j nothing to remind mc of the great city of the wor.dbat cf tbe tableau, and gave unto me;i me transitory l<jok of she went en ito veige of the descending waters—was sure youie right, then go abead." But Vouog AmericaTlie West Waatiington Market Case. &LPRKMB COURT—CHAMBERS.Before Hon. Judge Ingraham.SXTT.19—fam/jB.TaylortafAe Afayor, -Cc,efNae 1 ori. —This was a motion for a writ of restitution, to whichcrowdor.dlandinfreeAmerica,wherehewillbeheartily|somanynam"cthatajipearbeforemcasifinmockery. imfei Uj-uti"-.!,raa^niOcnt, rubl'me. There wnsasol»mn But goon aud iSourish, thou }Ouog giant, frt-sb irom t'ni It was a grand sight thus to see the prou•'. waters of th» ! grandeur in the wiiiri«ss of those foaming Moods that»..;ciEd. HisB:gacessandsuite,alteropeningthe'primevalforest Thesurestwaytoreacnamarkiito gr'steatcataractIntbeworldr'lshio.rtoth?.rgorgeuirderjthrii'ed,tuidamajestyIntheirimmensityandfarre-Ileftouttbetir&tclause,andsaid,-'Goahead. Bethen proceeded to show th^ evil tendency or this hall maxim, in the nitittirg cf gris of the present generntloc to bo gcod wives and mothms, and Insisted onhome cai'.ure aaAgricultural Exh'blfion, leaves in a special train a t two '• o'ek-ck for I>etrc!t. Correspondents of theNsw Yco« Bxn-'ir accempany him by special invitation.1UV. IRISCES VJSiT TO WASHINGTON. [From the Wasbicgton Colon, Sept. 19 ]The following is a copy of the letter of the Mayor, Hon. Jaio'si' Berrett, to the Duke of Newcastle, enclosing a oo?y if U»e joint reaolotic% of City Council, tendering tbe hospitalities of the city to tbe Prince of Wales, on bis ap-fTOhthtog visit to the President of tbe United States —MAYOR'S Omcx, \ CITT or WASHIXOWX, Sept. 14, WOO. >HijBsa-K THS Prxs or NKWCJISTIX:—MT Icr.r—! bave this 4ay approved, and beg you willbari«".tohi*R<»ja!HighnessthePrinceofWalestheenclosed ct>p> a a )oibt resolution adopted uraa_oaniisly by the ryiiitc.lsortbecity of Wasblcgton, tnvitffif **m to visit the Federal Metropolis.b i s Roya-. Highness having accepted t h e invitation o f tha Prttideni, it adorda me pleasure, in behalf of my fel- iow-cit'.zeia.toassuro youthat theydesiretotreathim wtin a'l tbs distinction in their power daring his visit to ear city.1 have the tonir to be, my lord, yenr most obedientaim beyond it. Thou hast airael at ahigi: mark. B it do tby nest—before • hee is a good exauip'".With these reflectiors I walked on, my path lightsi. by the re.".4>ctions of gaseliers shaped into Prltuss of Wales'a--, -i n e t so entiicly novel,and the spectators gazod in | sounding voice that much Inspired and fascinated all wno admiration till the fleeting ei.'ulgcuce bad passed away, ] fnni that dsck beheld them.plumes andcreditable.crossed tbewords o f welcome. T b e hluminaliooa were Arches lighted with gas jets here and there streets, but a t longer intervals than a t anydin's Uiat forcibly remind one of the scenery of Sagoenay. Indeed, the remark wa« made en board.The steamer returned to her starting point within balf nn hour from the time of her departure, and tbei. afteraddress wat on the duty or farmers being loyal to them- selves, tbeir families, tke r country and tbeir God.bad passed with its accompaaimenl of blaze aud Romancandies. It wss ajoke founded an fact, for I am sorry to Kader: if In Hindoatanee, it would be read with curiositysaythatoneofLondon's hornyhanded citizenshadthe by theMahomedans; butifIweretodo it in English,sudaclty to seize the hand of his Royal Highness, and French, Italian or German, it would appear but a barrened by the same rule.shake It like a.pump handle as be sat in his carriage, during his progress from the pavilion to the hotel. The trip by railway to caruia, on Thursday, was a very plea- sant one.TBXPRI9CR rBFTIOXDO.Vat nice o'clock in the morning, and rode through w th- out stopping, the scenery being one of primeval foreslrepetition, for the theme ia well worn. Thousands bavcexhausted their stock of similes and power of languaft inthe endeavor to bring clearly before the mind's eye tbeonefamouswaterfalloftheworld—Niagara. And,strange I>awred wetandwindy, andcontinuedsothroughout. stoppingattheAslorPlaceHotel.name of the attorney on tbe papers they did not know to whom to return them.to say, no two descriptions have an exact affinity to each tbe whole way. The tibia (f the foliage looked rich and other, Tor, perhaps, no two men have formed exactly tbeTbe Prince attended '.be village church, and remained jat beme the rest of the day. Don Piatt, of Ohio; Rev. C. B. Wyatt, of Newburg,TWOlir.VORKDIJHHAX3from tte MauiOjulin ULands, who sat on long bench«s,Judge Carroll, ofWashington, D. C., and James Wright, > of Missouri, are stopping at the Metropolitan Hotel.btmselt ettered ait oration to his ••Great Brother'' in thethe Union Place Mote!j MajorSprague,oftheUnitedf-.atcsArmy;Capt.Hig ' gins and lady, oi New Vork . J. W . Anderson, of Georgia; R Femeroy, cfPttUSeid, Haas . aud C. Feilows,of NewWhat !*etsosthenes would bavj said of such an outburstand night ouce more in darkucsj rcigacd tapremc. CUT-TON Ilorss, NUCAR.I FAIL", Sept. 17,18%2'kt FuUs and the Prinu cf Wain—Tarini Crossing Wia- gara—BUmdin and His KXJ'UAU—Description of ifisReceding fram the cataract, tha vessel steamed down tbe only curative for the prevailing state of things, objections were interposed by plaintiffs counsel.ously over a succession of rocky shelves, he reached was being translated into English Tha harangue re augi, at me into the bargain for Setting myseif upas a the point where t i e river it divided in theB r" \TM* : wbtte to the Indians of lower rack he gaveg * i y <* samller stae, aud this bore tbe likeness of tbe ST^iTJ?*tW**«<-thercyalarmsontbereverse.ca'attctis subum*. the sky besctiiully blue, Jie ft»re«t rich in f.liagf, the more tranquil ' mFivejearsayo1stoodonthetamespotinthemidetofastoim The say wat then dark and gloomy, audcon-trasted deeply »:tb the fleecy whttenesa of the rapids.the .ii.IUiiii-akaiofi"lightning, theroll ofthunder,the COKV1CTHW OPr-METBroST, TBIIMIGRANrTIOKRT n.rh'tig ef tfco a) -u. th. roar of tbe leaping wat^rs.'tenttf tba Lojoa. Tht plantation* of tha *T giTlbf P'tieeat of tomahawks, wampaius,wttb their pecul.tr tyatom o* lxb>r, and. abouadiag wealtty stay wall bt kx>ksd by tha fttoj^ toverelgi of tbt' B:• tabempirewithdata tetarsta. Tbacottontetdso£that fertile sad extaaalvt region supply tba matwiai from back stain. *M*a**d dou*d wttb sails-aad «abichmtxhofthewealthandpoweroftbaBrltithem VWtUttta.sm-emderived,andwaarteoaidtatthat,nowhereja AnhourandabalflaterImenu bobbing to His !tojal Hi«7-«.?w , J\l U .B t t i D K B*rrepublic Ocec there exist a higher tppreeut. ,u of Town Hal!, London, and thaf S , " f tbt levee in theVEKDER.PriT I' —Tte most of the day was occupied in tryinggreat aaxttO than ia tbt plantation SUtea We re with tbe worst dress*.. ZjS*J*£I+* worst h>Ma datkUtg its tbK-kly wooded abore. Here wat saiitbtsts of tbotbe Coroner wat notified to bold an Inquest.waived by tbe routae! for the city until then.Cairrai or CTSTKK HOATS.—TheCambridge(Ud)HeraldstatesthatonTaur&iay last,threevesseiawere taker, dredgler. for oysters, to Fishing Bay, eoetfaryjo tbe law <*f tbe t t a e Tbecrewt were composed «f twelve aen,fourwhitemenandfigutnegroes;fiveof•***£**? the fine imposed, and tbe rem.mieg seven (all negroes jwera lodged In Cambridge jail the tame nigha.PPd»» ».,., w*. aad llJ:^**** arrows, aad bark watt*.>*n and lunching at tbepartners he has bad la ^IStSsrarettorder. I might say more, and becomerramliio- .:•:«i.t, nieupuoricai, eulogiatie: but I pre'er rriitTi.— thebstTymer»icm.anddelightnotmexaygorationWhen he bad purchased tbe ticket grnettinrsthundred attended It, aedpbatotteOmegtofthepre-r-mmrnT^^ttwa **•A> Atteno'clockontheIam-jot.Ifpl-tlOf antinsnbstantiat psgeant "butttae next morning baisfiR»•«...By ritrtlBg ta the prioea* will btablttojsdgafurbJm- train on tbt Great iVetisra Rautrey lor PatbT *' ,-*cl*> r«a!ity of the mist probable charactegranttiriets,whowftchargedwithgrandlarctoy.Tne tbe«iiLtMB ,,IBdred feet span and hundred andIrty. evidei.ee for the prosecution consisted of the deposition ofHsRoyalII>«»DtMgazeduponthegracefulcuraeoftigLtfettleptboftbeCanadianrail,withaneviceotab- pmi'atlorofitsbeauty. Tbethirtyfeetbroadmiddle fall ard the cliff of Goat Island divided the^AmeHcaTcata not, with Us rings of fiam and Ua stead* torrent andArthurKcAuley,anativeofIreland,whosworethatem tbeI'.'hofMarchbewenttotheofficeofthsdefendant. No. 10ti West stieet. and purchased a steerage tmktt torCoroners' laquests.therefore it tehor.vc* m c hot to give rein to fancy end write at if N,ajara were to be seen pouriLg outUntitrled Documenti tfceBtillandsilentrlvor,hemme1inbythestetpandgiant especially in rarmets'homes. Thewhole of the Major'sMessrs. Noyce. McKeon and Andersen, in behalf cf the city, moved for a writ of restitution in the West Wsahing- ton Market esse.Ex Judge Esmonds, ss counsel for Taylor, objected to Spray—Illumination iff (hs Falls—The Prince in tie mounted and rode up tbe Steep to the residence of his nish the society with a copy of his address. The Major, the motion being heard, on the ground that the papers of-othertownwherethePrincehasremainedtoattenda Performances—CrossingonS'itk—lhePrinceinthe sgoingtheirnamesiutbevisiters'book,thepartyre- Patrick,andftwasresolvedthatheberequestedtofurbill. I glanced at cottage and hoasc and store windows,and 1 taw rows of b truing canuks, and occasioaillymy ete rested on tome bright transparency. Once in thedistance lsaw a bonfire casting a lurid glare around, andonce* procee*ion ol firemen and others bearing torchesin their hands arretted my attention. "Are you the manas shook hards * itb the ITinoe," •art one rough fellow toanother, jocularly, within hearing, a.ter th e processionI'nited States, 4c.If I were to write a description of tbe great cataract of Amsrica In modern Greek i t would be somewhat n e w t o the people of Athens; if I were to do the same In Arabic. It would carry freshness with it to tbe subjects of Abd elRcyal H'gbntsp, which is a beaiittlully situated two story then, at tbe rt quest of Governor King, made some homo fered in the motion were not such t s were reejulred b y villa, stardirp in park lixe grounds, commanding a view rous remarks on tbe intended Agricultural College, and tbe rules of tbe Court.of tbe f.lls. It is neatly furnished with cherry and wal- nut wood furniture, but the accommodation it affords is so limited that all the suite have to reside at tbe Clifton Bouse.lUtHIRATIOR OFTHRFAU8.At ten o'clock in the evening the falls were again illu-minated with Bengal lights, which gave to the plunging watersthe amespectralappearanceasIfaintlypictured In m y last. Visions cf Pquid amber, pearls, mo tea metal, a storm In the Alps, aad much beside, might bave arisen before tue mind of tbe spectator of a sceneso strange.StXDATraid $2,C0O would be sufficient to endow a scholarship for Queens county, for which be hoped subscriptions would be forthcoming.The counsel for the city replied that the objection was unavailing now, as tbe papers were not returned to the par tie.- serving them within twenty four hourt, a s requir-same judgment upon them or viewed them with tbe samefeelings,andthisdiversityhasbeenheightened,bythe CanadiantotheAmerisantide,landingatthefootoftheI Col.Wood,ofHavana;JudgeSmith,ofNewYork:both as regards point of view, weather, season, light and dred and sixty feet up the cliff from the water side with ti.s St Clair river at their bick, and tbe white >;ot- darkness and other local influences. There are the sub to the summit. These he ascended, aad was soon stand-Mr. Edmouda then foiiowc-d tn a long argument *n re- tailor to the r*ght or tavlorto remain in poKjuasioa ..'the > Capt. Brooks, of the steamship Kangaroo; J. A. Gil- premise's He contentful that ii wooiet bo utterly impos-lagee of Port Ditthignuhabla oa the oppositashore The ret men in ques'i-ti had all taecbaracteristtcs of theW nature apparent./ unaltered byintercourse with their civilized bretbroa. Their facesweie painted red and black, and their heads wreathedwith hawk's feathers and squirrel's tails. Tney worertrgs >n their noses and moccasins on th*ir feet, and wereotherwise appareltea in true Indian style, while, to com-plete the ioute eme*itt!e, they were armed with ban teaxes. Tbe chief ol \MVBV, Kanwagashl, or the Great B^ar,by name, advanced towards his Royal lfighness after the' aiiiumt to a study—to read all the descriptions o» mank-ipai authorities h*a presented the^ir addresses, andsible f»r the defendants in tha suit to recover tbe rents of tfett property if tbe pofses- on cace pastes into their hand*, for Ihe tenants were tot the tenants ofthe de-ing on Prospect plsoc, within full view of Ibe rainbow lime, the sentimental, the eloquent, the pictorial, the ar- and the flood. Near htm he surveyed the nine hundredI more, crConcord; P Calhoun, of Bridgeport, aed A. .1 Chambers and lady. or Vancouver's l!i*nd,are stopping at the Everett House.tistic, the fanciful, the topographical, t b e teebnica1, t h e statistical, the practical or matter of-fact, the paetl- cal, the legendary, the hum drum and the' bombtatia styles of describing Kiagara. and each style hasfeet span and hundred and sixty four feet depth of theAmerican Pall; and while looking over thivast body of ' Y. A. Neal, or Boston; W. Pell, of New York; Mrs. T.P. ?•uoant.-. >,bt.t they would claim, and have already as-had Its votaries. It wouldniteri i.uiy smile ai.il frown, and knit its br^w, aud finally bum i.to a imr ol Ineghter.if it ',ad a p^*»iali tyai:i!:•tf..4.nceof its own,andcouldonly readtti?se fl-eolmens of inscriptive skill, and how he or she vfiullthetl • gr ist c;,t..i ;:ct ever written. How Viagar t Wjtmldstudent of Niagara—forba interesting to tha task wouldI ockporS; Mrs. W. T. Burgess, of Chk; g ; T. J VVether.oy, or South { (sroltrs. and Milton Wccb, of O«org.u, are stooping at.PabHater tbaaae dpurct Itteai IofourR^o?—orsae •JAM IMA!?>>*ey SratMT1FIC extract•**•.«!• exn©•DCRII:DM. LBV AmuRe. feIt|*hZ>.R1 IV--Say . «-r • s-wa'er rushmjt down in rapids a t b i s left, and rolling wildly over the brink of the precipice at bis right, into the yawtirg frulf beneath, bts vision embraced theeran more pictureaque curve of the broad torrent separated by Ooat l.-iul.d.THE rsnfCB IN TT1R r>TTEn STATmHere now, for tbe first time io his life, he stood ia Cnited States territory, which had once been British.The tact re -tirred to him, bat he felt none the less happy, The contrast between the troubled rush of tho waters, before reaching the precipice, and their tranquil flow after ptungirg ovor, was striking. Walking on eaitward,989 hapee t-reaual S^nof« statee.fNewYorkandnoto.tnecityofNesYori,under tt* ostjAt the conclusion or tbe address, on motion of ex Governor King, a vote oi thanks was awarded to Majord aa thousand dollais, deporitlng a quarter o f that sum a ssecurity that very evening His remarks were upresiri- Flour dull but uncharged. Wheat, oors, oats sad bar-ously welt received. The sparring then commenced, aad ley quiet, and que tattoos? oennfual. Rye in demand: sties ivas vcey lively throughout. In the third round, Tom d.CCo bushels Canadian, to arrive, at 72c. Canal freigut?,UutensCountyAgriculturalForUty.ti^n to press sake, 14 75 chexed for superfine and 84 90 The nineteenth annual exhibition of the ','jecns County ailed. Wheat unsettled. Wuiskey 18.Vc. ProvisionaAgr.cultural Society was held yeBterday at the village of doll, right exchange on New York dull.at >, per cent Jamaica, long Island. The gathering w as very large, pmuU'm.prow palirabie iX>«sTAr XVttewni lavorahle$126. $300.GCMS, 1 IJTAKBLJA*l thentfA. KLA1! ThirdP HOP XV* HTHtBarabsc SIM* exsreaari apea. tobe hriMr. John Harold, tbe secretary, then announced thatthe President, Hon. A.Lawrence, of Flushing, would receive subscriptions for that purpose, and that GovernorKing, with his usual libirahty, had beaded the list At Mr. Edmonds, in reply, stated that as tbere was DO Touro'clocktheprizeswereawarded,afterwhichtbeex-hibition broke up.PerconnlCol. Hager, of tbe United Mates Army, and family, areThe Court held that the defendant*—the parlies serving the onei— were the parties to whom the papers should barebeensentback. Asthisbadnotbeendone,theob- jection of the plaistiff's counsel was obviate l by waiver.Oisby and tamily, cr Boston aiJ Br. Strobeil and wife, i of New York, are amoi;? the arrivals at the Brevoort>Gen. Puff Green, of Texas: A S . &»vrly,ofserted that Ueywill clam, that they arc tenants cf lb sHouse yesterday.any circumstanext, and tae whole eQtci, therefore, of granting this motion upon tbe present occasion, and de- tiling au.\ crder to stay pr-.'-oeaiegs, woult ba neither more tor 'ess taau to iw-rmu thit numero&s body ol tecatls, em;unting to sore? hundreds, to keep the reuii- :.n1 proQu 01 these premises .a their own band*. AtJif, eponthefiber,aeulh:tentand ade, uate i>cu should bo taken whereby we shall be celled upon to ace. tint for and pay over t> the defen- dant, in case of an ult'i'tte recovery, whatever we mayIntelligence.Orleans, are stepping at tbe St. Nicholas Hotel.along the river side, where the rapids rushed tumultu j iapt. W-iiism Hooper, of Baltimore; A. G. Elmslie, or receive—if F:ch builds fhon'd t>s ns'co—then tsut allymiddle by the intervention of the island, and where the rong wooden bridge extends around the agitated waste from that t o t h e mainland. He advai.o d half way over this aud then paused to take ir tbe magnificent view of tbe rapids that presented itself. On sped the raging torrei.t, its wild wavelets ltaptng ovor the shelving bed and sending their foaming crisis into the air, ahowiug thtmsolves in their whirling fury sgainst tbebackgroundoftbesky,orupheavingthemselvesinto sporting billows, ever changing aud gleaming in the bril- liant sui.light ss tbey hurried madly to the gun.Vtsy should T lannrh into a peroration—why further attempt the dcecription of Niagara after my prefatory rtmarks'?ItIsenoughlhatitIsanenduringrealitywbiohthat thete w.*s no'i.Unlioi. or i~ol;natkm to act at de* tierce tbe eider ol l i e Co irt, an 1 complained of the vlB- dlcllvcr.cf s of tbe p-ee^-uti^c »a tbe part of the City.orgreen andyilow,brownandpurple,redandiiae.ftbiv., whi a wreaths of vapor float from the bed of the all »fc« come can see, and there is no natural wonder of snoorg the lotc anlvals announced in New Orleans.thev<i,ubetterworthyolavisit,atleastonce in alife- Unit, than Niagara.Htbiy HSaetburst, awellknownrenderofoog>:semi-On tbe 9th instant, Hon. Jsmes Green, en his way to W *i'-r!e. >, Missouri, where he was going to make a public Kj-ttoh, was thrown from his buggy, by thefcorserutining awayandcomingIncontactwithastump Mr.Green waa rendered inseniiblo by the shock that he received, oid beiig alone, it was supposed that he lay u; i, the i.'ound for soms time, wnen he was dtic>vered by a pais erby.wbo took pn>i» r care of him. Mr. Green ia st- v*rii> if tot teriii tl) lurl.Hon.AugustusM:>li.RoyalPbtlps,andI.Hili,Jr,of Newiwk,weretnWashingtonoaTaesday.«nly $25.asked him if he had American com to exchange for 5jg:>i.n•'i-e-y,i-.whu-hhirepliedthathebad. Asaoouasretisdlaidlown1820onthedesk.tUmethurttremarked,"f tavt: twenty sovereigns to give you ' ttsAatsy de- ddeliiog. Deceased, It appeared, was engaged to hanginuLie-t. R ?sxtfn,ef WestVciDt: Pr, Nott, lames Sandford ar.d r>r. S. Wolff, all of Mobile: Dr. A H Smith, ofPhiia-it'iphia ; E. Lester, e>fC.n.-i^natl ; Madame Mandrt,of New Orleans ; Jodf.,} Heifenbtene, or Pennsylvania; and s^iUrs did iiot thLr.k fit to obey the orderI of the Tbeeeh.relaveilleaudUin.ty.ofht,Louis,T.P.Burgwyn,of North Caroiins : J. s«. Baroour, of Virtrinia ; Jonn P.P"WB»d, of Now Vork; Col Richardson, of Texas: GeorjeW. I V k and Hugh Kirkman, both of Louisiana, are stopping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.Overao.tceChief, owned b y J o e There were thirteenSailing of Use Star of the West. Nxw ORxnasR, Sept. 19, I860.Muraste.New ORLIARS. Sept. 19,1890.-Fu<<ge li grabi!n>, -n e'aeiUg the motion for restitution of tbe proptrt) to tte city, remarked that if litigantsOswtco, Sept. 10, I960»• , twb of car social eonditi>o, and ha will, w e trust, bearoai R» wav T.» N-uoataIbeearbtrodainwaabuiltforthitout some clotbtt to dry, when the mieed her footing andWithaimwbeabeqn<mamanmertasiiratnectmanded more, but £ir*tbortt would only give him fS90,thischeatinghimoatoftec. Thejury,afterdeil>v>rat-u-g *>• tw* i..«urt, rendered a verdict of guilty, Tho City CntoLer Jackman held an inquest upon the body%*k*.*t«.land for-'309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkk*ti, a mlie or tao above lbs point of www.fultonhistory.comfellintothefardbeneath,adistanceofoverfortvfeet.of a libitd cloud, surrounded by thickdrk-Thomas M. T13069ficw.rynisaki 