 .unimportant.brings 1,464tions, asthe revenues of thebuildtog mayfij'e,'any covering, turned him over, and sick. Mr. LiLASs was informed of the fact, and he a moment lost sight uf the principle upon which toey upon examinatian found that he was still alive,Allen. Fsra.ge,'kirn, tat-BotUogBiitUh atcamer from- Santa Marta, to-morrow, will bring aomethlBg deelsive of the operations in BoUvarte Isaac Ode.'l.Ship Flying Wst. (of Boston.) LinneU, Bakss^ARRXVAJkOFeVER A illLIQN OX FRBIGHT.reqidicd pleta mdertAtor. of no avail, As' entire accuracy cannot be oirtaiiiad twfore the prarediM Ini' abort lime, so rapidly did^WBi^cm«jadeBent frooi Jndge Nobtox ousttog the old forContract wito T. Rxiva A Co., and bills for extra worksmoka-atack, and it is snppoaed that Iha hay oq the *&CWS Is passengers.be much through a large fire here. The:^arsaaPort'Vram'..|Iondurasnothingand in this decision a cheerfulfrom Southerners whose ancestors she Is said to have is assumed on toe part of all who are interested to toe to toe books melted ofl; but the writing and figures and hauled alongside the wharf.Kew-Ozvnada and the Ctan- XnX Amaricaa 8t«t«a.BM(fe»-Attomeys went Into court, got$55^00 00tripfor tba aeasoB. The Are bndw oat near theyortk Star, J«>M, tnxm topin- W»U, D«».», '«t »»• P- M., «iriwl mtttte^wt yes.Tb»<ar<irtkS«»rtilae*»l,OM,antetreuwe.pwt is of and a peaceprtoted, tngether with thecommunicationAll wUfcoatUjury. hands eseapedthe tltvaaU^se'.tlement.Before dUwilMing election affairs, let me add an increase.SupeitotendentCrdwar sad udr. M^'h. BlMsuOaj »O.ndBdarata^g'hrtlelr,,V d BraotJa.adJalcakdya.nd«nMvMStarlineba«a U(icit«ted ty •« OrertBod khmi.TkM* ii aaMer awm traa BMlk Aatiiea.TJ» leroJrtoiMJT dtotaibMnim In Mew-6nBida-TtietMifOnita«dTMn«fIn 1SM,^10,I39of Barrytown. When the ArmeuM wasrroa<OcB«mAaeilc«11w1iiteUlgnu;«Uof «nun- aapoHant etaraeter. COMk RI«, poUtteaMy andthe scheme for a ConstltutloaalLLIGEHCg.tandaUT, li twktiotv^m dapkjMble cokUHoa. 'We «i« icdcMcd to 4ke ofat 10 o'clock, when off Sunken Marsh, above Hell$198,071 31 Gate. Some men working at toe Railroad dipfit, at SteamsUn OtF afWiuktegtoD, (Br.,)^|taHS,'F«BM '*<C«.4N' 'jap*iMlaUTaTad with great i|M»plBeM. _______•OOK r*KAatA OOSSBBFONDENCE.NSW OinLNADA. H,TJ£<MW»—iiKiVHsn omosss bbcidingFAXAXA.PoMKA, ^adaeadar, Dec. S. 1810. Vke'SeoUiisnerieanaad New-Oianadian maUs ilkeiMeitor net 'Mtag due' till to-morrow, Ibeire"tM littl« ta»Mnite> t>dar. ''WetereilTe-AiB«leBnTessel8-«f-war>tUl la port,"«Ib: tfae-lagite^aeHKwuaWer.tke steam frigate Sar- •—«r, rinii>«orTette IPyoiiimf', aad »loops-of-war Ct/-was paid for at one and a half cents per Itoe, which Involved tonlcate calcnlaUons, while this statement from the Sheriff, at fiftv cents line, wasPott Morris, heard tben ealUng for assistanee, and to-formed Mr. Wh. Kaas, who lattoched his boat, andsucceeded to saving all hands, to a nearly exhaustedstate. One of the a>ea was not fully resuscitated natil(his morning. Considering how cold the night was, lesia,JabSf.Ufar'It is 4MicntBQd that Lieut. Rsooials Fi«nz, of Vir-also his tntentioo to reslgpi for the same glBU, sl^ii£edtoe lock.Nurto30SPt.eaUm.s,hiwpito StarA,aJionUes, Asitawall Dae. i.laaaoai but as the emliaaf the St. Jttry't is neatlyoott he Teeonsidered Us determlnatloa, and will notTeaign aatil relleTed. The health of tke fleet Is gen- would grow In the streets of New-York.aiaUy good. There Is no war-iblp at A«pinwall. Our Judge Tbact, who died in Lewis Countr, New-Fromtoebeginningtotheendtoeyhaveneverforapparentlylifeless.Theywith a brig Liberia,sea. OfiTCape1 <We have same stnggling reports in bj way of York, last October, may or may not have teft muchMfca s 'On that point I am not Informed. But he ^Qoito In regard to Oea. Hosquiia's revolutionary property. "ranrements In Caaca^ln this Confedesation, and of the did leave a unique and curious will. .As to the dis-presaiAloiis of President Osfiha, at Bogota, to defeatposition of my body," he says, "it is my wish that wherever 1 may die, I may finally be buried near my beloved daughter, to my ^mily tot in Lone Mountaingive her name, however. Deceased was about 30 condemnation, and tliey calmly await its judgment, that manner, but it is thought toat he was taken illSteamer WlillaBss. Pengato,Fioridenee, wHb miaad Miilaliiiis.Atlantic Coast.crossed toeS2, lo lon.to. Is aneborea on the Bar.' -ivMnty-slxUnited States officers werepresent,includ-' lag$7,500Thert! are many persons who have hitherto sub- scribed $250 lor stock that may be expected to increa^.which was toree years ago.Mr. Cbvhicbt some The Safe has recently passedentitled to credit, it U the thoughtand Goatessala there ispieces Safeallthegetopening the. The annnal lair at San Miguel. In Salvador had elased, but sales were small. Hhere were about 20,- OM head of cattle on the ground for the market. Theof this year Is calculated at about 9,000 c^p indigoecroons, IJO pounds each. Firsti)uaUty brought $1 per pound, 7s brougjit 88 cents, aad inferior qualities $100 jwrecKKoi.NicaraguaIsquiet. Cangresswill.meetonJan.1.to inexorable fate, toe Douglas and Bell organs.Yesterday, the Gazette (Republleaa) wheeled out of known. For a number of years she has lived In toe success of toe enterprise.the line of evening papers into the longer line of family of a poor colored woman named Woliabs, at The report was accepted and adopted, and somewere all plato and good as before toe fire.Will toe Safe, if repaired, be good for anotoer fire?ill her the illstama.late campaign, wito universal applause for his elo- PresldSBt Moba and Gen. Camas have been assassin- quence. Wasbbcbh, of the Times, is one of the Re-ing, at toe Fourth Ward Reading-room, No. 26 New alleges, by toree men named Shanlxt, Gaulba and BBCHHioBir. Patbick Shaklxt, one of the accused, Bowery. Good speakers will address the meettog. was arrested yesterday and fully identified. He nasCostaKieaisInadeplorableaendltion. £U>wthat ated, the leaders of MoHTiALsasa's Goverrunent, whoFarelga Porta. AsmwABi—Arr., Nov. 21, Am. brig Seotlaad. Boa-Am. brig John Stevens, New-York'Am.bark,Nasarene. BaltimoreKBWB FROM CAI^IFORMA.Somecattle, sheep Church,About 7 o'clock yesterday morning a sloop wasNo. 474 Broadway, between Grand and Broome sts. A large lot of choice English Skates just received byA I.at FaHy—Ctdlfaraiia for LdDeolo-Elactlaiithe Asia.took the The New-Tears' Hat.—The great topic of Wnrtembnra, Globe, Liverpool.—Jadge Traey'a Will—ailaaeUaaamu.Fatoer Lafonte, of toe Twenty-third-street Catholic Irvicgton, about forty rods from toe shore. She layTAiSnrtlBeaeiiLl Arrived froamndNew Orlaelalnast—CUvtr, Moses, Naplskbom Oar Own Oonrespoadent.Sai. Fbahoibco, Wedsesdar, Nov. 21, 1880.toe.Central Park Skate tlmporium."CoHOVBB * Walbbb, Hardware Dealers,Long, rssdy;can-"Arabella, Lindsay, dlsckg.; Indai, do.; Martba,(Br.,)do.Ina KOBTB niioK.lArrived Jirvm Kew-Tork—C»Mtm, at Qiissaslaaa ; .*»A i«n«e<cd ittt immH^iat^- at t^ .mi oftheir Int year of seiilBi. Brt tbt lozurr waa 'i^TT ANB COUNTY ATTAnM.«r C{i^lMi%H«ak«r««r«»teCllr,laa4^t1Ml(f>*'rather cosily to the oVjee^muiett. Itoally l-BB WORTH STAR. the District' Altoiney, HaaTFrS. Biowa, who, dur- ingthecampaign,hasbeen.>MBvertedfroma"Peo-BOAKD OPmCBiAsa oar tbk policb rosci—tbbduee.artwMura^HftiMlfcfctriiiiWtrnt-mm oJS.fc'ff"*^""rti mat, I aDdniMfi>r,togethar«tBtanaallB«teof tfaeamoant direa««radtolama». in to .eitlngnlsh them w«»fh. Dr. Adrtiiwa. Out.ple's " into a '• Straight"workIswhollytkian,andthebillsoftoeyarlonsme- tbeyspread,thattinvnmimAtotmmthevassaltodeclines to it.wishing to make a Ivjg story of It—yesterday thechanics have bees rendered aadit Is presentShe bomed for aad a half, nearly as jaoitid««n his «ace whan hia tneoessor demandsmeetingvisors,yesterday,naeralbills ofsmallamouatiaad lowlrgmemorandum,vixhew aad oldContract with Joaa Fassca, his bill fsrextraworkmason,andofoarlooalcity inHimweret21.6euStewart,forrefumishtogtheCourtDbc.li—In Benlng. Banrlsas.... 1$930In ISeO, a Presidential elecUon, $918;!Do you eosno-41S.0O0O0o 00 330 00 1,059 90 1,317 33I,2IW 58I > ITBUB WAna laiB sat.— agreeable;3,041Nextaw, and'flt. •Mary't, The Soranoc will aoon take a publicans were urged to illuminate, but their joy did' oaiMasfarautliasValparaiso. Thesleaat-corret^JtarrafaiueXlsat-Callas. The aloop-of-war 7.evin(la datlr ^v*cl*d here from th»Saiidwlch Islands. '^litiat ivmn V ILsmiltob, (sen of Oen. HoaLTOH, offlom£ciroUna~kewiiola 18»waswUlli«to"gotoliM death for Us sngar;*) has resigned Ws place as'UtDtenantte1k»NaT7.oo board the aag>shlp Lan-€tUT, not feefla^ that he can serre under PrefItent.liiBaoLa. Ha goes home en the Iforth'Slarto-da.j.settingBiCK,Jersey City,uppossible, orhistory.TfnrU eerae and IsdTTCut.in lM7,only f784 same—4^ve not the exact figures;;A resalutlon wasjudgments obtained by the Attorney to the Board ofdiwbled last as a day boat be-;prietor of a superior blacking, by toe aid ofSchr.Wm.Feim,(tept. Joseph Jefferson, with oak wood, arrived yeaThe :Uf Blsaua. ac M.f!S!LS^ w-~a,w^need more commentary on the any suggessiverm B«a M»...a M'RepabU'»n,lay NotAt the regularof the Board oft>e Buffictent for approved, present purposes totoougkt thetol-her fate.and wasShe was loaded very bcBTilr and tkit waa hat lastthe arw aad was takento 1,800 men, 100 te be appointed lo January, 1861, andthe baiance before March of toe same On mo- Stage Carpeutar37,900 004 400 00 npper deck caught fire from lallinc aparki- Every-man, -the same day an appeal •••wSapremeCourt. Thematterthreateoedafew *>"> ago aoptaasant consequences, but now the pros-year.tion of Supervisor Davis, toe report was laid overStone Cutter and extra work G. BsBAaa for seattog Scenery21,26$ 00 10,500 00 4,000 0021,15400 00 1,250 00 4,850 00700 00 2,000 00thingonboardwasdestroyedexcepteightlivehogs,sp«eOy ttem whica condenses Into aof toe ofPolice,aaUngfor sachPGlausmbFiintgtersFurnacesPaintingIron fenceGasfixtures LightolngtodsArchitect in Cost of gro(puanrdt payment Paid forIt is said she had the largest fralgat «f tte seasoiuOn board were two hmidred drassed bogs, several'my'Of the people's managing their own affairs, rather than intrusting them to a poUtlcal party ?County Clerk shall not be nut to any It was referred for furtoerBaady Beck. « 18 1 fl«T. Uaad.]* 47 1The result of the elections in toe Atlaatlc States was known In California on Wednesday moising of Nov. 14. Extra were issued with such figuresthe law, and was finally disposed of after a veiy pro- longed debate by the adoption ef toe report, recom- mending tlie payment, and the r^ectlon of an amend- ment ottered by Mr. Blunt, to fix toe fees fsr similar services at 12)6 cents for each record of judgment.GENERAI. CITY NEWS.. SniciOK o» A BoDTBiRitEa.—CJoroner Jack-UH, who kept a shop to a temporary building to Gar- den-street, Hoboken, whteh was formerly used as a coal office, has been missing for toe past two weeks, and his shop durtog that time has rematoed closed. Some of MxBxaua's friends, becoming alarmed at hisKuSa,^ _ BlBckfisb.Ti.alrchiMrWasUagtoa, D. 0,papersas were known In New-York at midoigkt of electronTelte^ SiUtarwUmiiig^ jrw. Bl'day. The Pony's feat of crossing the Coatinem te aBiUtol, S. Kenny8. eiimu,week's time was duly glorified.Lewis BMirjrMay.Excelsior. Talbot, Bermoda. ItcCaU fcAntreA.did not run to Some fifty houses and shops were dips.lighted up unusually, but unless a man had a newhouse to display, or a lot of pretty girls to occupy bis front parlor, or was bound to have some fat office at toe hands of Mr. Likcolh, he let toe illamlnatioo slide.The next topic of universal comment was the next Pony's budget of disunion schemes and perlla For the first time It seemed to occur to our people that the South might be mad enough to try on dlsun^n. But twenty-four hours later that possibility had vetreated again. Nor did the rumor prove true that Calboos BxKBAii had gone on to the East wito a view to pas- torlng a herd of fancy Ourhams on the grass toatto httotif any aecldent liad befallen him, or iftoere had been any foul play.The Officer has made diligent search for toe pastmomlng issues. It is a full-bred Republican paper, and must soon die or prove toe deato of toe Times,which, through tolck and thin, torough years of stormand a few months of sunshine, has fought toe Repub-lican The editor of toe Gasette is a new man, fight.Thouab FiTCU, who has stumped toe State during thetoe place where her deato occurred, supported by $4,300 additional stock was taken, when toe meetingreshippedHiRBiKO'B Pat*iit Cbahpiox SArBS—toe most relia- mains on board. The F. will be taken on the fTnslhiiialFeven years ofelectionlathis lu 1856 they were«22,920i In 1858, about the in 1859 they werelive number of cattle, several teas crfluw, and ones,Knickt, ca>iia aad stesraae.paragraph expensesThe bill of A. T. oTCommonPleas,amountijogtoover$1,000,wasor- deredpaid.otherproducefortoeNew-Y»rkasaifcet. TheCltflonwasInruredlor$10,000toNew-YorkInsuranceCom- G.J.Bechtel,panies. ShewasownedbyMessrs.SaATBafcGuBitB, 8.N..Mr.TQlaadre.C.AlexaaiirrErF.BnaSSlaImurance Sundries, including—'cntMiiililiig 'Ssprus tem estabilFhed, the Supreme Court reorganlxed, porttog his argument, that the oopylng of toe tax-bUls TotalMARINE INTE irXW-TOBK....rBIOAT, Dec M.bl allConvention is quashed againvoles necessary Io order It. So tomble all the fond expeciallons ot the men who wanted a banking sys-and our slowly settling land laws stirred tip from the bottom. ItisahappyIssue.On Friday and Saturday last we had an old-fash-"ioned Norther," a dry storm of wind. While itraged the sky was perlectly clear and the temperaturebut the tide io«« high, and the bay rolled like the surf. Some damage was done hj the chafing of shipping against the wharves. As soon as the natute of the gale was appreciated all the larger craft hauled off into the stream and anchored, where they could ride safely enough. Up country among the flumes and ditches, considerable loss was sustained.prubatjiiil>,The bill of the Sheriff for the reeord of prisoners convicted, at fifty cents each, was thoroughly con- tested and opposed by Mr. BLin<T,wbo stated, to sup-painterTaxes to beEstimated cost uf curtains for boxes Printing and small billsfor lack of the 58,400of andConn., for this City, was capsized on "Tiiursday night,publican electors. He Is bound, everybody says, totogether froai fear of the Ex-Frss- be Collector of this Port, and killing his paper out of toelr Temperance songs. Those who sympatolzewereIdent, are divided among themselves, and are plot-Ex-President Castbo, one of the prlaoipals of the new set who deprived Moba ofAmerican Camp," Iftoroferlykeptwill not be an easier task now toan years ago, when the job was faitofully tried by his enemies.toto a lawyer's office and attempted wito a six-shooterwltli this most excellent and beneficent movement should not fall to give this meeting toe benefit ofIBZD.—On Officers Latixvillb and toeyttog against each other.power. Is at loggerheads with Aosxiab and Mohtbalx- Delta, foolishly forsook his pen last Thursday, wentternoon orand merry laughter voung,tlie showman'snoveltiesandamusements. The Am. Kew-York Dec.2.Am.barkaax—^infact,everymanisagalnst.every.man. Agen-;Sid., Nov. 31, Am. steamship Nortbera LlghtJWew-eraMearalsoprevailsofwarfromSalvador. Thereis not a dollar In the Treasury. AocilabIs tired ofadvaaetogtoe cash for the ImoMaiate need* of the formerly of tois city. Wl^t was toe cause of toe State. KfUedllcanbehadath«me«rabroad,andfcnstnasaJscompletelydead. Noonelawlillngtoad-Tancaadollar on the c{imingcrop.«£ coffee-, as thereis norilltiliily that labor can be had to get In even theen-Ball Up.ALL-NIGHT IZF08URK OF THE CREW TWO MEN and suited to all ages, sexes, tastes, and purses, atEditor SuASSoa, of the Visalla (Tulare County)Bev. W. H. Mclbcrn is an-; fiaagas, great performances this afternoon and evening, with Kew-York Am. Bchr. Two Boys, Jacksonville : Bag.to extinguish an enemy, WiujAa GouvBatixtia Moaais,great; 26tb. Am. Bohr. 8. B. James, MlnaUtlaaIn port Dec. 6, barks Indian Queen. Giles, disskg.:quarrel is not clear. The shots failing to hit, the editor with bis pistol knocked Mobsis down, and then—Skates from 25 cents to $25, and. In fact, everylhtog to the Skattog lin:, (except ponds,) in boundless variety,Lenox,Cole, readyAretoosa,Hoodale, ready; ;. Nasa- krlgawent into the street.and toe two fired briakly at each other.Scotland, Laseembe, discbg.: John Stevens, MiUiken, do.; Ganges, Dearborn, do.; Two Boys, do.- Boaaoke,Mobbis' thirdshot penetrated toe editor's abdomen, kilMng him to twenty minutes.They are havtog it a little rough in Arizona.three weeks ago Jacx Powxbs, a sporting man well Bapeaaea under the Old aad Neiv Reglsaes known in toese parts, who but a short time before hadassailerepthatIsexpected, AnoUier<revoluloa otbefsioff. F. W. R.arrived from Souora with a lot of largeprisoner toto his service. Among wito her mast pointing down toe river, a part of her conversation during toe past week, In all the fashion-.drrivaf from PkdadtlpUa—Latmxo, at LivsrpoM.TO WHOM IT MAT OONCXSIf.The Immense etock of Winter (nothing at BTABI Xxtenslve Clolhing Warehonse is now being sold at cask.WHY! BECAUeSglveeit quite a circulatian, at length .mortal. The J^rovisionai District ex-gfth^ijaopleargnasT itself into the belief that, Inaemuch as theJudge prmnptty amined the felltfws who fired-the first shots, and boundthem over in $1,000 bonds each. But toat was tooslow work. The elected 24 and people jurors putJudge Lynch on, the Bench. After a brief delibera-is now locked up at Police Head-quarters. ARREST ON A CHARGE OF ARSON.John McGem, a clerk in the store of John H. Fool dc Co., No. 13 Water-street, was arrested on Tuhrs day,by Detective TIemann, on a charge of havingSapiinlaiaii are the legltlmato successors of toe old . ^tTtrsa J^ywaOMmeato, they Inherit the old pueblo ilghtio gamt away to jtetual settlers the pueblo lands. C«ailitfBl)r> they piAUshed the form of a petition, and advlaed e verybodyarho wanted a lot wtlhout pay- . lag fo(it,te<ga In and be rich. A day or two after, ittion the jurors found the "Parents bewareThese are toe first.,,.,.JOIU .tune then -Sifr- ^ty .«ents." Hundreds puid their ffl|r.MBts aaidOTaBt off, rich as lords, to "lacatf" tbeir M or 100-varatet. On Monday It was tlie r^me .story, from early -axasi^ tiU .dark. During twelve working- hours over iyOOO peUtioBS arere thrust through the door otdbe office id iha Clerkof the Supervisors. TheactualsoaontofthemoKaf-swlndlerepresenteddollars besli^Bthat,tbervwasatossafiwmetf,000daysandattemptedto bum hisemployers' placeofbusiness.towards consumption. There ical assistance was procured. Ward and Bbewstbr It never fails. Try it.is but one reliablegavetheuaacofarespectablefirmofstationerswho phyticlansMexico and Arizona, aud ifstore adjoining that uf Messrs. Pool & Co., observed a light burning in the cellar, and be called McGern, who was alone in the building, to inquire what causedwere found to be but slightly injured, and after a short time were able to walk about.Ward states that the vessel was from New- was named the Garret Demaresl, and was onblessings, caU at EVANS', Nos. 66 and 68 FaBon-st., be-had the oiauk yfietltions ior sale. On Satorday theandcommenced petiti«nia«. .AU ^ay Sunday the respectable ststion-era opendoofc. AqU'Oi.^e of men keptk^pt puiihlug«atagain caught within their limits, be hung. Col. Stkktsn and Mr. Coolbebt areto leave toe and not berequested couiitry caughtagamin either Arizona or J^ew-Mexica."To tois charmii^ picture. of Arizona society 1 canCAS IW—1.1City Hall, Neforepurchasing yonrWinter Tear CHothtog.land-covetljifr{people fairly.wakedHxBRINO'8 Patentazaasjla- other salaHiA-nptttjtasilesroan,whu,aslieturnedoffeach,calledThursday night, when nearly opposite Irvington, she was struck b> a flaw of wind and instantly capsized. The handsmcnts,afterawhile,tereducetoelrprioea.(Hareno-to the pueblo lauds, trod out the folly ':thesa.petitions shows how wild the de Ifided nctlms of fthefnarjbad become. One chap ask&d for Jhe grantxiflOne asked for Tom Hatbs' homestead, ffae, who A^anyFlour firmHoward-street. $5. WuEAr steadyMontgomery Block. Another askedforDOLLARS MORE BE OPENED EARLYFOR THE ACADEMY TO JANUARY.<QiUd not have known what he was about, Tvas •Aklng for A lot thickly populated .grith grave-stom's-Aof Music was held, lastBonnet, and tCb.ilMd.r«nid,«eourli'^h.»B^<^rsprung Into notlc*. Owing io an overri,i!ht in our Consolidation act, it ,\as already bean a question when the terms ofJamee. of Rhode Island :CoL C. W. Wells, of Penn-^ '''"^ '^ /ext. a. iW« a, M. aadTpXthe muBtoipal oflicers cxpln-d.sylvaniaBrier aiu.^ family, of Goikan, aw «t the Astor House.The wni larapsaa malls by the City of WashiKgtm•*eet«4 &<t twotte People's Party haveto unUOj-miyIfigeyears,preventaccidents, renominatedB. M. Dav«, V. 8. N., aad CoL J. B. Dsn.'kirth, of Dcbbs' Ferry, arc at the La Parge House.up,Fire-ProofNo. 351 Broadway, comer of Murray-street, oppositeaddoneotoerfeatureonly,until.thearrivalofanother /'Mk» .aext.! Yes, Jliir-any particular lot ? jnall,—a duel between Hbkkt Ksaxxni and Sam. Terj*(»(}tf. Sir,' "eiCaB give »ju the number. Write Diss, when neither suae hurt, birt both, according to ttie Mesilla rimes, "stowed that they possessed theexnlained the occurrence by stattog that itmust have been carelessly placed toere by a mau towhom he had just sold some goods. Next morning narrowly escaped deato by Iclbnbing up the stern of Cotton Uarket steady sales:on tbem— all can sell at pity theyjswt iRthfr and unanimously a eveidag, by adapi1j>grtsoloKon ezpoanding their po8ltlcV>< *dit> referenceagbinst the Snckes would tie commenced in toe Spring, and meanwhile that protecuon would bebb6oklyn nbws.yCBterday morning, while the two mjured men yet re-bills of lading OO'SOS. 1<^H discountA pUmpse intoth«J>laza.Jui!^ Hepburn aud lady, and Ja|^ CouknridFrom Bhinebeck to Albany the Hudson River is frozen over, rendering navigation between this City of the stockholders in the Academy and Albany Impossible. Between Rhinebeck andthere are large quantities offloating but little.CorruCiaoiaHATi, Friday, Dec. 14.Though alwaysbat,;Sight Exchange on New-York BALnuoRi, Friday, Dec. 14.66AND FULTON-ST.«8FOB GLA8«HeATI0N.__ —J>y ttesedocasaeats wasbut42;'M9.'Oddxf the jwople's temper. Fortaaately <tbe Supervisorc gpD had given a-'surance that vigorous operatlsns;Mobbis, went out, recovertog,— BADLY FROZEN, ONE FATALLY.and horses, was found murdered, his body so shock- Inglymutllated by toe hogs that It was difficult at firsttoe duties assigned him was that of cleantog toe stemable saloons, has been the " Niw-Ybabs' Hat." just Issued by Knox, whose tact and taste are never atHe seems to have bad a row with his toe'The grace,It the hat of the season.nighttheshare toe gratification experienced by toe Board of imaccountabls absence, applied to Constable Hat-mtkthe Re-toe stockholders will be to preparedtoat my funeral may be attended by seme Methodist miaister who never O^a Mi Coawna, Esq. , has bean appointed agent apologized for Slavery ; and that my bretber Masons a< the JPaciflc Hsu Steamship Conpany at Panama, and Odd Fellows may take part to my funeral ser- adtftacant'by the election of Aluic McLaih, Esq., vices." His MSS. and collections relating to toe genealogy of the Tracy family he asks to have sacred- ly preserved. If his relative, Hon. RaDsxa Hiss ' The people of Paaama celebrated the' anniversary Walwobtb, will not undertake the oeaplelion of the of tl^«MlepCBd«ice,the S7a^ aeth and 29th of No- work, he a^ks that a copy of all his MSS. be made, vcBtier,' With more eclat than vauaL Two elegant bound and deposited to toe Library of the CoimecticutbaUsw«re had in ihe Cablldo,the rooms of which Historical Society. Among the' friends to whom he effects of a dose of laudanum, which he bad token for bills have all been paid or provided for.^OeCityasaiHraa> President of"the Company. Taey are the right mtm lM^» alght plice.theyFIRE IN THE NORTH WHAT HZBBaie'B BAPBS ABB DODiaIloFt and Steve cpUt sails,bulwarks, and sastaiaad ethsr-were decorated-by ttemen of the American war-ships, la the mest.tastefnl manner. At <»e of the balls,Coroner JackkahGBnTLZHXHand aboutgraeadIksusaa.-OaSunday.bail-aghts,fandangoes, sayhowmuchthis barren, useless promontorylaSchr. Samael N. Smith, Weeks, Trslll»si<i t ti.iieil.t OvAxniAwere alsoof Marinand water on it for a pouredla>JiesandUlnaiinattoBStookplace. Everythingwascon- daeted qoietly and in order, which is greatly due to the eate and inlaUigenee of the new Frefect,-SeAorT^lSo. J. 91 SuiA, Secretary «if the U. S. Consul, leases b««'«ii 41m 9th, to -carry to Bolivia a treatywill h'eworto—nothing or $200,000.A very pretty baimer, sent by Mrs. Pbtu H. Bbowhand ntoeteen other Rhode Island ladtos, to the Re-latelKCOluihided tea ffiOes.between thatSepublicand the Uni- F. W. R.eventog, by toosetoacquireI think, was aaosed to cool itbyKaesr, ferpresent,sixtyJuryCoimtyThursday evening, and taklng-a seat by his father, helong ait.Scbr. A, C, Beeves, IxiveU, PhnadelphlaS^,eaaL T.jdia Allen, Egg Baiter, with 1OfiloD, Merrin, Xitiabetkpbrt. witk to ~Stamfcra, Oonn., la WIND—Daringtoeday,N.W.,aadtreah.Safled. Ships Daniel Webster, for LondonI.INov. M, from Salvador to the asth, .J0th,.M4>£tamCostaRicatothe.3d December. TheThe iSttatemala-aeroana Indigo, 3,j00 hides, $41j«00 in speeie, and 24FrsnclscoCaliro Bristol.EngUnd kins, for Mobite.; :KaravalforBarbados. Brig-kTBoa- __^__CENTRAL AMERICA. BBW*VMH'BORDUBAa,QUATSMALA, BALTADOR, .%ICAXAeVA AMD. OOBTA BICA.Pahaxa, Wedaeaday, Dec-S, ISCO. .Thi Panama Railroad Company's mail steamshipjfrom Central American arrived here ports,Aldakt, Geo., Dec. 3, 1860.Caotsaw/o,tklamomijig. She brings dates from Guatemala tobeCabboll, Gen. Wabbikotos's cook," and it was her idends will be correspondingly increased in amount.and C. L. Orphan, Key West.Nicaragua:GssTLxaBif : I have been using one of your PatentCemetery, In San Francisco;from Alabaeaa, but be told the physician that hewas from New-Urleans. He died about 9 o'clock to fulfilled. They refrained from making any appeal to doubtful. MxBxBUH is a single man and occupied but calmstoe Pacific, from lat.MtoB C, kaSdesired keepsakes to i>e transmitted, be names Gso. W. CuBTia.For the $20,000 still required to complete their en- gagements, toe Board of Directors rely upon the fol-lowing, viz.Recelpta at toe ooentog of toe building, say:The Safe to the xreat fire here on the 27th was the same one you sold roe two years ago. ItSchr. G. C. Johnson, LockwMd, Newbem, N. CU $ Scbr. £. Scaibor uThe Government has terdily takes a step that it should have taken long ago. toward having Lime:Suitb,Schr. HatlieLove, corn to B. N. Fox.for a net sum of." Puaraa;J.M.HsazasoIntendeaie-General,andGov.PomtcondemnedunderthelawsefCalltorida.Acureemployment.Hewenthomeabout8o'clockonUponadditionalsubscriptionsthellag-oSeer, Capts. Kncaus,Hitohiu, anda because of his tofor fewweekspast, inability pro-Schr.12,300 hours.WhentheygotItouthewasmuchexcited, tobaccoteC.H.Pterson.you have heard of him before, doubtless, tiiough totois City for the past 20 years, but it is said that she was born to Washington, and was once in the service of toe first President of the Republic. She has long!PartheoD, from boand Baada^ talkmy shame I never did—Liverpool, to City Point Amos Lawrence. lOOds. from San Francisco.is to town. An Invitation to lecture upon the Holy Cities he modestly declines.;A new advertising dodge has startled community to the and raised toe market value of white pups. The pro-"representedbyson,Preble,Mobile;Oen.Mewall, Lireraool :a stencil plate and a brush of black patot, announces on toe broad sides of several white dogs, the brilliancy aadeconomy of his extraordinary Invention.The day after election two newspapers succumttedemployedby him. In that ca-Bnaeellaaeaaa*asked, aezt March, totime to cool Whencooledoff,itwascutopenby blacksmlto,as Schr. Ellen.The: tliMad, talQaaaed and died hare. A Mr. BusxaAH bad bis valuables. On toe 30th of October, Wa. Biattu, four weeks stoce be packed it up and fled to St Louis, cernible. Cltoglng to the mast was another man,.acquiredbyBsus- to thata who luaaader.theVanNessordinance. The disgust,concluding people lackedcour-difficulty In arrestliig Maugenet,whomhefound effortwasmadeto rescuetoemfromtheirperilous Officehoursfrom8to(A.M.,1to3aad7tetP.M., Moneyiswortothreepercent,alaoBik.to recognize It.IQttita fr^reek a remaxkable foUy. has sprouted, Indian slaves, who cut his throat and ran off wito allMiprophededpath of city improvements. vDn. the eve of crlmtoalstampdwabb H. Dixon, M. D., Kditar of thew(raeC.af aaniMdlls aad ebapparal, which llealn the dead by his good friend MiLLSa Babtlbtt. Theittartlil torsale, inhomesteadIsU,aUrgewashed allTheftrwhom toe citizens hadCorpora- ing the Summer, after waiting a day or two for some tton- Attorney toapply for an injuncUoniiestralnliig it, one to enter a complaint against Babtlbtt, resignednight.sale the Board «f Supervisors ordered ithe.the plea that Father Lafonte had sent for toem. the mast toe Ice was two or three Inches thick.The IfiO acres—had been property—When Officer reached St. Louis he had no FarleyWhen the unfortunate men were discovered, everyfte are aurod without the knife or ttgatute. rectoB,is still under argument. have Meanwhile, the.paperspur-pose of going to his friends in New-Orleans. In this toe wreck and took them off.Wool is gone down thirty per cent. Cottsn Is gone down thirty per cent.Cmll^m Utfie momlng paper, whose cheapness anil bfarjdf'Paraded pretenclons to be the special friendaffrayway he had manatred to collect a considerable sum of money. In tlie prisoner's possession was found sixinjunctionclothed In rags, and representing to benevolent Catho-lics that he was desirous to obtain funds for the situatioD, and two boats filled wito men started forat Mo. Hhad no use for a been asgoing the. srhole subject In their way. The While refreshing at the bar toere was anoricourteous verdict: When Waiiie Tatlob and Chablbs Hahpto!! have recovered sufficiently in the esilination of their to trauel, tbey shall be baui.-ihed from New-anorded t< ailimmigrantaBraaklya Academy of Maslc.to 30yearsofage.following!family. stepsfrom ttie fast. GLAUCUS.main atirvington. Theyare all young men, from 20Arrlr.als in the City.Hone. Chatinccy Vibbard :uid W, TUlinghnst, of—aniLDiNO committee TWBNTT THOUSA-SDThe Weather on the Hodson. NAVIGATION STOPPED.newdull, at• I.3~c..awi4«c..ilady, of PhiladelphiaJ. P.IKeventog,r ?o^^r^S5o*"?ter »ofGa.i and G. W. Keliey and A. K. Yates, of toe V. S.W. C, Troot, of South CamUnaCapt. Tutaiey and family, ai Chicagofectedsteamof toe largest stockholders. The Fougbkeepsie.bargesIntow,waytoWITHOA8,cane, of Boston;i. H- Holbrook and lady, of Bos-seventy-five Chairman said the object_ Cotton—Sales,Capt.wereanatotilsstockhold-Untitled Document'•Dr. Sheares. of and 6. W. FhiladelpWa,^1 ^^oS-^fitiSsrD^'^'^^'^ S^'Sf^^u'dllllT^;oft>e BoUdlng Commlttae.ward and read the follow.tog REPO-^T.Atthelaatnaetingefthe'K'>ardofDirectorsofthe Brooklyn Academy of Muste, th>^3aDdiag CommitteeHobili,;Vlllalonga,Savanaah,.N., are at toe St. Nicliolas HuteLGov.Geronime Amadlr, of Vera Ctuz; R. C. Mc-meetingFlour quiet at $4<S$4 10.Cou active at 33c.ment of richFlowers,"»%'^nP. Chandler, of Vermont, and J. CnsUng, of b Hltlmore, are at the Fifth Avaaue Hotel.the meeting was to re- Mr. A. A. Low, Chairman of that Committee, then came for-Thursday,to-day, 6,000 bales, at 9ic.®91c.Oeeaa Halle.tonHon'- W. H. Seward, of Near..Vork, and C. T.;;propeller,BAlgg.; and F. de Goucoul-Awithon herAlderman someThe steamer Manhattan started from Poughkeepste yesterday morning for Rondout, plow- ing bier way through the ire'. The weatoer duringbut not higher, at 1 3t'cent,V premium.^^'f!J?nces'?xcbanged. ^Apply —-SOPBRTISORS. 0OKIIIB8IONXB8.minor importance w«te ordered paid.A report In favor of Increasing the Polioe forsato com the lipipiand orderedwhich wei« ferry-boat.pickedup by toe crew of the Rhinebeckoffered by Mr. RocHi.toat toe Excise Commissioners be discharged of record, pro-stock)rent of room for scene180 00Summer, the took ket CliJUmtween this City and Albany.piaeevided that toecosts or expense thereto. consideration.Slaop Capalae4. TION.charged per msde out In an kour by a t>oy oi 14 years of age.TotalEstimated as ne (pessary to cover incidentalahips MercBTTLFtaaeh, Havre. _„Mr. PcBDT toe bill, as author-WUIlsBS, H. J. k OTa. Uverpool, 1evening last, Hotel. Theof one of the of toe guestaMetropolitanassumingtoeroof In June last the Building Committee have fol- lowed the dictates of toelr own judgmeitt, guided by a sense of justice te the mechaulcs who would have otherwise been toewithdecorating the Academy of Music for Immedtate use, the Bgard of Directors have been obliged to yield tobook'-keeperChief of Police McDonocoH for apermithence for Bremen. Has had ^..wi-faiTi;and he defied any meisber to ano doubt would have MailerJ, Lester, Valparaia*, perished but for the totre- Jtay, Antwerp, Faach*--—supportc'j being fullyized by lawbill of Mr. Kelly's wtdch was npt perfectly correct, L of coal, carpets, &cand made toThe matter, v. bich was ub initio of minor Impar-Hajes. Uveryool, Vaa. T, Tnmi srattcompliance with law.Making an aggregate ofThe amount of subscriptions paid and uiipald, in-and toe watetgotoutof her.O^SaOtTaa, Cork, fhat. BIrlihritja 1and stoce toat time he had aTWiw&M^_ f the Battery at ftSfM'absented himself far day or two from toe house. On Thurs-He the assistance of aprocured locksmith, pickedboard,day, about 1 o'clock, he summoned oi>e of toe ser- taking toeywhoUpon entering they discovered Mibexluiyears of age, and he had, on several occasions, repre- sented to persons about the hotel toat be came to thisand not doubting toe public aoprobation. and was tmable to assist himself or to call for assist-Meantime, the object of the present meeting Is to ance. Chief McDoNODOB made arrangementa to havedetermine bow toe of the Directors Is to be him properly cared for, but his recovery U considered pledge1 LAourgd..14,Invia Hampton Boads 1 day, wito aaaaoto J.B^Inquest uponthebody,when ittranspired ofwas the $€0 size, and is now owned by Fbxd. jeweler. ItwasInatoree-storybrickbuilding,totoe hottestpartoftoefire, andwastotoefiretwelveLyneparent.ds., wito corn to A. G. Havens.saidtoathebadcometoas be had taken poison, adding toat he purciiasedthe laudannm three weeks before,and haddeliberatelywito the key, and he found his jewelry all safeJosephine,,say 'good-bye"in view of thethus received, and many persons are known to take an toterest to toe workwhohavenotsubscribedat all.madeuphismindtodie. Aphysicianwassentfor,but his servlres proved unavailing. A post morteminSToa.namedHAinrAHCabboll,diedsuddenlyInanapoplec-Capt. R. F. BoxTON.toe eminent English traveler— tic fit at No. 59 Thompson-street. She had lived In would apprehend no difficulty in regard to the fewClubs of Santhe time we heard toat all down East bad gone for LtncoLH—too late to be l>egrirasd wito toe smoke of toe torches of Wide-Awakes mlUtant. It was, how- ever, received wito speech-making and all honors by toe flushed victors.examtoation was made Drs. Bbagb and bysome ofpublicanFrancisco,arrived here aboutWbltjb, the discovery of laudanum In his;the water thrown on the Sate Yours, tnuy,D. E. BEDELL.whose names figure In toe an- nals of toe Revolution, and every Summer it was her practice to visit the large hotels in search of charityin the act ofAt toe opening of the Academy every one Is expect-and sank. TheThe sehooner was Bubseaaently tahea latinguished personagestemplatedincorporation.by steamerwere saved-charne by Officer Thoaaas NesbKt, of the FeiaarbsrPaUce,The steamship Florida, (previously reported ratara-ed, having been In collision.) hascontributions from toose familiar with her history. adjourned. Notwithstanding her great age, she retained all her_ ——ble security from fire now known can be purciiasedonly ofHERRING *FARREL, HERRING & CO., Philadelphia. HERRING & CO.. New-Orieans. HERRING & CO., Chicago.[ASTCTtiMWeBt.]The Grieis and Secesbio.v.—Xobody wouldDock on Monday morning.Fatal, Nov. 12.—The BrasUian bark CaroUaa, tnmParaibo. bound to Liverpool, pat into this psetprevloaa to the 12th. leaky. The FreDch ship Oliver, nam St.to the time when toe attack which caused her deato came on.frequentlythe entire passage. Arrived of^-Saper-todestroyed to, Am watei^ edge.tance, drew put prolonged and nat very friendly de- cluoing those made by architect, mechanics and bate. In which Messrs. Purdy, Weissnan, Blunt, Lit- tradesmen, deemed reliable, $180,000, leaving a de-Terrible Case of SnlTeriBC.Barts Choice.Co.. WkUUiof Wiad. HaTilandTAspiavSirKfEXshowed that deceasedcame toandF. Gdbdbh, Boston."of the establishment on accoimt of histestimonyon toe 19th of Novemberthis Cityhis nameapontoe hotel book aslast,registered At toe expiration of a week be deposited $100 wito toethree but without of hisSteamship New-Tork, (Brem.,) TenNov. and Saatia. Bia^^35, Soathaaipton IMh, wito Bdss. aai ^^m- P"J"..^*'''^Kaatcea*Beiehert. Dee.JiVTmL"In stocking the bousedays, whereabouts.galoing any tidtogstehisfriends hadand it resultedBuDDiH Death or a Sebtant of Oen. Wash- Board of Trostees ask autoority to 8<!sess upon toeinstomach, to sufficient quantity to produce deato.whothe full amount In the manner at>ove suggested, theWm B. IGiBiB, tor- JohnPorter,fbrLiverpool. BarksOravffli,fir*-are present. Failing —OnThursdayafternoonacoloredwoman, stockholdersprorataanysmalldeficiencies.facultiesGaedhkr's DAsnAWAY Temperance Club.— Instant a man named John Fox was knocked down InunimpairedHighway Bobbery.On the night of the 11thA grand Temperance meeting will be held this even-Tlllary-rlreet,and robbed of a watch and $11, as heDomicgo, for Liverpool, pat to here Nov. S, leaky. letttr.)(ByThe Pbaksall family will be present, and sing some committed for examtoation.Yorkbrig toduB, Fhiladelpbla 3Sth, Eng. brig Martha! Bew-theirBenefit LECinRE.HBiTa,on River near Harrison-street, a large quantity of stolenNew-Yorkgreat brig Ganges,;presence.—;It Isabout two montos ago, from charitable motives. Rev.Mhudc Miller, at ManeOlas chester, at Liverpool.church, and In doing bis work he ascertatoed wherebeauty, and air of pecu- "used in the sacramentalfault.style" are the themes of universal admiration, andSealftl,to and toe operative snrgery,more obsoors diseases of the pehric viscera. Rup-ture, kamorrhoids, fistula and concealed abscess ofplate, temptationformerly Judge Tsaar's private secretary, was shot taktog to addition to toe church property about $800 of over whom toe waves hadJudgeappointed dur-his reverend benefactor's money. It is also said toat weather was bitter cold, toe toermometer rangingbefore be left the City he procured several goldwatches from dealers to William-street, upon about eight degrees above zero. In many places on »f*H* exetnaivelytoOn the 1st of November they had a ball at Ptoo Altoagecoqplain,JudgeCourt.PUUk'^venue.fAll«lll»»Mt) holiday presents.which cost William Dace, a respectable citizen, his life, andthree, into that to brought Dth^ peril toreateoed proveTwo of them were found Insensible, and toe others almost so from theto steal Itrite, proved irreslEtlble,kept.waslightness,said toatMaa-:dralntogs Taxes and assessmentAnotherBIECUX OF THE OREW IM AN BXHAUSTED OORDI-paidLe^s tolerest received on moneys loaned temporarily830ed to pay,acquiescence:completelyLI 13 47$196,958 34expenses In fitting up assembly room.'^tcsintrs Aatkradta, Jose*, FtattadaMto, I, i «Brjggs ; TboBiaa8haito,SrBa»rPuS-S—4ptia. b^»^fe^- k flrppatrick Artlsaa,Chaiice7B-'-—flooring of parquette, purchase of 100 produce tonsbuilding,: Z.for toe and of security goodappearance;before toem so suc(»ssful a re-toe man ifDirectors inIn loss sustained by the falling of the toof ascertainsufferers.inConstable Hatbbok con-andtoe necessities of the variousand c«8e, incurrtog acnhuanrdgers-,Yesterday, cluded to seaTt;h toe shop, andappropriate scenery,preparing, furnishingOrtoneD, haMattrW^ 2d,lat.4» "i t-n II rassril sir SMskte smsb-.not inconsiderable to amount, which In^M: pwMBMat*'•-ff K..00 1,200 00 130 00sloop Jenny Lind,trpmStamford,66 »20U.u00 00^iheypiditv of Mr. KiBs. The sloop has since been righted,Petera tleandWixkItookpart,eachseeminganxiouatahave ficiencyonafinalsettl-inogup•ofthebustoessof AMAN8ETXNOATSWITHOUTFOODORTIRI. BrigsB.Bndborr.Mmcr,Oleofaiihe principle established according to thetr reading of $20 000.:Co. EUsa B., JaeksooTSss IslWhen we consider that In addition to the cost of toeground and toe building toereon, toe foregoing esti- mate includes $4,600, lost by toe falling of the roof, two years' taxes on the property, $1,317 38 for to- surance agatost fire, an asaesnnent of $60a or $700 for sewerage, an iron fence costtng $700, and a consider- able outlay for iron, gutter aad,Btone-work, deemedto benecessaryHAN was > esterday called upon to inveatigate toe cir- cumstancesconnectedwitothedeato,oaThursday sult.A Qerman elioemaker, named Gxorok Uxrei- E. KRra"itiDgctti<m, taMi,Hso novel to them all could but estimate to advance.sent for Dr. QoAcaxsBoss to visit him. The suffererexpressed an unwillingness to receive medical atten-tion, stating that be had taken chloroform and a large and thoughtfiil attention to toe work throughout the was restored to when steamship Patapsoo, Tate. Portland. -rithvants to bis room, and represented toat ite was veryandheatowr Captain dead.hSdSia Domlnio, whtehstarted, of dischargtog toelr engagements to full.The Bulldtog Committee have given valuable timemuchconscious. After considerable effort, Mbbkblihthe evening, having positively refused to take any- toe proprietors before the extent of their wants could toe little shanty alone. thing to toe wav of an antidote to the poison. Drs. be determined, because toey have never doubted. fftrT~John Bbacu and Cbribtophbr Wbltjz made a post- mortem examinatiun of toe body, finding the internal organs nuch diseased, and in the stomach a large quantityofarsenic.toat the community would honor any further claimmight have to make, with the same promptitude antf cheerfulness with which subscribers have met previouscalls. Bad,unexpectedlybad,astoetimespool 83 ds., wito coal to A. Weadtk Cte. Had I~BctciDE OF AN Cnfortusatx Man.—Thobas are, the Board of Directors do not doubt even now, toat tois satisfaction for their bumble toil will beof Hsttersii, with heavy w. w. as'l K: W. W:Schr. ElUah Sheldon, White. Baetarriile, S. O.,* ds',Caxu., a man 26 years of age, residing at No. 126 accorded tbem—aalsa.the satisfaction of saying to toe pub- Clinton-place, died late on Thursday night from toe lic at the opening of the Academy of Music, that toewito naval stores te B. Blossom k Son.the purpose of self-destruction.held anthat deceased had been in a depressed state mtod:o tfi, Baxllat lld.t S^ WUUamB.Chlneoteagaeads., alifc Uallego,Smith,RiehmondadSnWlikla'a"'raadtoeir subscriptions to $500,privilegetoe Safe was so much heated it could not be unlockedSchr. Schr.Large Amount of Stolen Property Becov- toink there was trouble in the '• would look to at Barnum's:-.atth.;Thursday nightMcBFBT recovered at the house of Adah:;nounced to deliver a lecture this evening In toe First properiy, valued at several toousand dollars. Hsna toe rare novelties at all will tie sure to attrast schr. Fire Fly. Fortobello.Place M. E. Church, South Brooklyn, on toe life and made his escape times of Aabon Bcbb. The lecture is to be delivered tered.from the as the officers premiseshours, crowds. See his advertisement.for the t>enefii of one of the Church associations.Felice Reports. AN UK0RA1EFUL ENATE.Detective Farley yesterday arrived in this City from St. Louis, Mo., having to custody Constanttoe Maugenet, a Frenchman, whom he had arrested inthe latter city on a charge of larceny.^^^^^^^^ MATTERS UP THE HUDSON.fAdTcrtknaent,!Splendid skating at the Central Park.YorkAm. bark NImrod, Kingston.Capalzlng it a 8Ieap.;rene. Peters, discbg.; Citizen, Smith, waltincobserved lying capsized in toe Hudson River, nearAngnst, at Bremen;out of water. Seatedtoe stem were three men, huddled togetoer and ap-uponand about parently frozen to death, as no movement was dis- liar distinction which characterizes this latestbeingonly partWabd,money for anames areis faid to have been stolen from Father Lafonte. He Bbevstbb, the mate, and Wiluam Moobz. The name Photographs HolidfaiyniPsrhesdent, of getof the gold watches, and a of the portionIntense:captain;down THEREFORE,Clothing can be sold at cost ot manafactore, and sssacgr made by it—by investtog again.READER,prisonerooat, and Mto msanj ky toe operation.) Thus you will conifer a benefit oa-—KEETINO 01 eTOCKHOLDERS REPORT OF THEOhio and City Mills atcetveafromtoe past few days has been very for neariy two weeks.There has,ekselUawcnlagat10)4o'clock.,ThsCwana ataUi br tbt Saxonia will cIom this msn-tog at I»Ji o'clock.Lirtogstoa-street. by electing;XN1o0. »4*1*3 vCoaln.s"l.-B^^t-^a^ fi'=n-.'"pr'i'v'.l?fl'.S8';. at No 30 Haat 13th-Bt.reportcold.been very good sleighing at Poughkeepste and aboveStasuakaat Ollfcaa BsTBad. rjMITIBTOVlFTEBBTBOOBANDDOUJkBt. Aboute'd'clockODThursdaynight,asthesteamrThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069directedtopreparesabbtitASKED;to the organizattonFeathers,»" ' store,. ,*='„*5N."UB?LSN»J|Sb?MdlineryTie «lectlon returns for"Thesoteah-eady in numbers 117,000, aad LiacoialsfesMnfOOta ^00»h«adof DonotAS. Not more ^tliaa ea, of Havana, Cuba, are at the Metropolitan Hotel. and Dr. A. C. Hcu. Secretary. There was present Albany on Thursday, was imable to proceed beyond held at 9c. Sight Exchange on New-York firmer, f^CBNISHBD KOOMB,the State straggle In slowly;-J^OO lotaa in addition are to come, and California, iVyAodaqaarr, hat gone for Lmoots.la San Wrtadteo a new topic—a sort of familyqiuTwl witUa tke has Peopje's Party—An Mr. PiTxa C.wss ef- (Cobbbu dialrman,ice between andKay, Jr., J. 11. CUmey and H. Sharp, of CaliforniaInstitute,Fougbkeepsie Newburgh,higher, and demand moderate at toe close—toe bestwhichcould not aLabor is gonetrsmsndoasly.Polytechnic PougfakeepsieWhisxt firm at 145ic. Hoea to .light held Morning .B.ovn~n—ets at Mrs. supply,Theirof the other one our reporter could not learn. Wabd than the Ivorytypes made bycold.is the brother of Josbda Ward, the champion oarsman of America, aud he, as well as Brbwstbb and the un- known man, resides in Newburgh. Mooaz is from Oswego.00Having arrived on shore, they were conveyed to theOn Tuesday evening last, a porter 'S'orking in the Hudson River Railroad station at Irvin^ton, and med- rtmedy—HoLLO«AT'B|wonderful Balsamic Ototment If yon have any idea of economy and iU atteadaat-it.;butCapt. burgh,will lead others, toerebyftlcGern replied toat there was no light thereCliampionBales,toe porter insisted upon looking, and he found a piece oflightedcandle^-tickingiaabarreloffat. TheherwaytoNew-York.w-York.Marketa by Telecrapk.compellingAbout 9 o'clock onbis employers missed sixteen barrels of grease from the vessel, when the unknown sailor was washed bales, at 9Sic.®IOc. for Middlingright mettle for men who.desire to live In Arizona." the store, and he stated that he had sold it for $313, to overboard and clung to the mast. Upc'n their rescue 57,010 bales ; receipts of toe week 61,500 bales, against the commanlty at large, and yourself to particular.THE PUBLICare invited to caU and examtoe this Immenss stcek..P. Hennessey, of Twenty-flxib-street, near Avenue some time elapsed before Moobe was restored to con- 90,500 bales in the corresponding period last year ;from Oregon we haucoiot election returns enoughyet lo know how the Stale has gone. Nor have weany lurtlier particulars of the hoirld toassacre by toeiiiiHkf' Iiidiacs of the toiinigrants to toe victoity of sulted in showing tliat no such person lived at the who was washed overboard was frozen soyohunndlgy that bales furi/Jloise, where Capt. DiBT found twelve of thefrieliteiiede.^CHpes,perfeetlynude—a.OK>therandfivecldidren amoiv; them savLng themselves from starva-tion by eatint; thu dead body of the husband andfather. TheCammanderoftheDepartsientofOre- examtoation.D..but that he had lost the money in crossing one of sciousness, both his legs were badly frozen, and his decreased receipts at this port 123,000 balesdn. at all the Brooklyn terries. A search for Heimessey re- recovery is considered doubtful. The man the ports 212,500 bales; exports of the week 56,000; totaltodate547,500balesplace meiitioneu, and the young man's employers he cannot live. He was In a shocking condition, t>oth MoLASsis, 21c.®23c. Flocb steady at $4 373$1 62stock 340,300 bales. suspectingthathehadstolentheproperty,anaat- legsbeingfrozenperfectlyblack. Soonafterbeing forsuperfine. Labd,Inbbls.,Ol^c. Cofpbbsteady whetoertheybayornot.; imports his dishonesty, caused his arrest. He was held for utter nothing but groans, and remained la this s'.ate of the week 9,500 bags stock 39,000 bags, against upto3o'clockyesterdayafternoon—thelatest ac- 41,000bagslastyear. FreightonCottontoLiver- count The Captain and mate returned to Newburgh pool ^d. Sterlliig Exchange 95'a98, and do. witotempted to burn the store to destroy the evidence of rescued he commenced foaming at the mouth, could prime, ll)tic.; sales of toe week 10,750 bags :Theimperfectly stretched out toe floor, wltoont uponarfse., HuexpericnesHnortharlTcalesaun-quantity of arsenic lor the purpose of ending his life. whole course of its progress. They are not conscious partially consciousness, passengers te H. B. Cromwell k Co.He alio said that be had fully made «p his mind to of any mistakes, nor do they know of any changes he stated toat he bad bean toere for toe Steamer ITaaaantta, Arey, Mew-Beiind,wttal die, and toat toe reason why life had lost its charms that could be made advantageously with the limited last seven days, and during that time he had tasted no and passengers to master.was because a lady to whom he was engaged In mar- means at their command. food and had no fire or l)ed-clothtog to keen him Sttamn \riaM, Allen, FhiladaMla, wltk a^k^a, riage tiad discarded him. He positively refused to The public will soon be heard either in praise or warm. He gave no reason for shutttog himself up In Loper k Kirkpatiiek.— watches all ticktag, and bank-bills all right. I have a "The responsibility of seeking out toose who, from $5 bill to my pocket toat was in toe Safe at toe time.diffidence or other causes, have failed to come for- ward hltoerto, must necessarily be assumed, this'The brass uiob of toe door was melted offtoe jewelry was slightly damaged by steam, but this,They would rely to this case upon a voluntary com-FIRE IN THE SOUTH BBBBIHO'S BAFB^WIU. SAVB THBapliance of a very large shareof and toe stockholders,!who would fall to accede, under the peculiar circum- stancesof the case, to so reasonable a proposition.It will be obvious that the whole cost of the buildingBy Televrapk. NORFOLK. Dec. 14.—Arr. to Baaptoaabeen known to many persons to this City as Granny less amount of stock than toe actual cost, and div- Mbsbbs. Hbbbiso ft Co., New-Yorkwould, by means thus suggested,The propriety of the limitations contained therein is such as to preclude the necessitv of any explana-Safes,purchased byboast that she had beenpacity, during his second term in toe Presidentialoffice. She also professed to have often seen the dis- enlarged by leasing it for purposes not originally con- burnt off one of toe handles. The lock could not be oB Pike-street, East River, at I2J«_P.1although verywassohottoatit mlocked wito the key, so we were obliged to cat toedoor tom order to money andpaperslB.<iide. Onweresafe. ThecoversPatapsco,Japlslii apd eratoeCO.,No. 25)Broadway, New-York.-either af- hear thevening, of somlidlinagn,dhappy faocveesr,and see theThose wishing to presentmore suitable or finely style portraitureJ. GoBBBT *i Son, No. 707 Broadway.[AdnrtlMSMBt.'!Coughs, Colds and Hoarseness are now in every—Nbw-Oblbanb, Friday, Dec. 14.$1 20'a)$l 42.CoEii activeuld, 58c.®60c. Paonsioas dullwhite,yellow, 40c.'a46cand nominal. Labd 10 lie WaiBiTduU,at 17^c.ai8c.white andTOO LATE-MVB A PTtKSBNT-RICH VELVET BONNES;$4;„,for Middling, Die maiket dosing steady.Dec. 13.;to-day 13,000 sales of toe weekaccordtogly appliedemaciatedand!damsge. BarkJamssl.VanLTlbbetts,Psn8saolaU4i..aiGhyellow pine to J. E. Ward k Co, Has been S iiTn. tTto to do so.ten. 20 41, passed packet C. don. *s°hipDuiniXB, Yates County, N. Y., Dee. 9, 1860.Mbssbb. Hxbbiho k Co., 251 Broadway, New-York ds.. wito nsval stores to Dibble Bros.;;Eanator,la the***'tJHsUanulapTmj'' --»dan, Liverpool, C. 0. Oaaean ftman. tHol.,)Dielst. Cork, feferdera;'snd it has beenL. C. SHAW. which sails to-day, (Satnrday.) The wet cargo still re-Yours, respectfully, oargo,Museum,Yorkateamsblp North Star, New-YorkMtk. Am. Am. bark Cttlsaa.to their friends their:;;75 red, $1 IM|$1 20'; ;KVAN&',Baa astst!'^4 ift\iSS't^Schoaaers CarallBa,r*z, PhUaMikia, J. E. C. —E. Treat, Weston. Boston, BMter; Sawyer. Bermada, SmUh, Jones itCnnraD,' wsaiga j Hover, IPhlladelpilirJiJre~r- Kales the entire passaga. Had Jib-boon canisd swaj,CrlscicalShip Rathbraad. (Pnm..) KSbSBdaU.;Panther, for Liverpoolship NtW.tiKLEANS. Dec. 14.—AiT. ships J. O. Bickard-|1odnisbcohardgeddry;30th, Eng. schr. C. V. Carey, Carthwwa'U'i JStk. Am.'^"1 www.fultonhistory.com 