 the kit ndvtos ra cuAnmoNw WASHINGTON'S BRTNIY. r wll te 'bSNNM of*K*rab!y devoted. !"b cf New York,for exsmpk.a* >©*, u u newtealtew storrry te coma tote thk free State,, twenty S v e feet a height, di- fltaatrattai the threeof toe ueaatry- The flgurea are in bronze.theceaatry aa b appeared o n itaVirginia both may declare what -the Onton. They disturbed the politieal waters, the United States, may eater their78 00bad grvea tb* eaane advice when beibot wtau ongunl tonigh*."now to p u d against th* taSuenoa, when H m u**d aa a sowar by saprtacipted mWHtm Th* safety of thai tktea was BOWtfareaMa«d; but tb« remedy k in our ownthe ballot box, aad aa had It would »aa- Tbe asters andCotopfOfDiie imaterhbowmany lkaw*CongressortheotherBaas****. U a stove -cap* bttbar h* may be reckkasd,abide the compact for mea b y our fathers, and w e win 1rft;butbeyondthatwewillnotgo,andwbsnw a aster brings a store here the moment ne JOUOBWuary,ifwe maytrust thekle attempt ofthe1Stole1of[-•*4- tfJ tipofth*CityHall,reviewedbysomemembersoftheCom- asitisfeared. Theweightofgovernmentcannotbe mon Council. From the Park the Association next shifted from one side to the other .without a temporaryon this subject. I am not a secessionist, bnt I am resent Court sentenced him to Imprisonment ta the Stale arena BALL OP THE WASHINGTON CHAPTER OF ashore in pieces from ten to thirty (eet In length, but the fu) enough toward*every shade of anti slavery to satisfy for four year* and eight months, be haring refused tegrrastagger. Power never passes from thefew to the many, up Broadway to Caaal street, Hudson street, or from the many to the (lew, without a struggle, and when avenue, andFourteenth street, back to Union anoligarchyisgivingway,itstrike*withaviolenceshort- square, where the Bas waa dkmksed. The following lived, butvindictive andcruel. Itisnotin anyoOensive sensethatItermtheslavenoldersanoligarchy. Iknow how many estimable persons there are in the douth, and I would say nothing against them personally; but the skvehalders,ofwhomtherearenotmorethanthreehun- dredthousandinall,havecombinedtorule,andthey havelongruled,thecountry;anditisbecausethis rule has become at least oppressive and mtole- rabk that a majority of the free people of the North, moved by a common impluse, haveTHE 0 . U. A-upper works a r e fine enough for stove wood. Such a maf8ofthewoodworkkonthebeach,that foronemile abovewhereshecameashoreahorsecould scarcely be ridden over it.the prejudices even of all Southern men. No man in the SenateherewouldhazardanysuchassertionssthatI was, in anyretpect,timidorwavering in mysupportof theslaveryinstitutions.any informatinn respecting the stolen property.Naval Intelllsreaee.The San Francisco Htrald of the 23d alt,, says ->'Ttd UnitedStatessteamerSaginaw, CommanderSnhearar,re*todges appearedintheprocession—NoSurrender,No.19; Heary Clay. No. 10; Maiden City, No. 83; Phoenix, Ko. 1ft; NewYork,No.3;Yonkers,No.81;BunkerHill,No.21; aadPrenticeBoy*,No.T. Themember*woretheusual regalia,wereaccompaniedbyseveralbandsofmusic, and bore a number of beautiful banner* containing various devices and mottoes.Theclerkoftheweathershowedhimselfyesterdaytobenorespecterofanniversaries. Intheevening,how-ever, aa the weather had seen fit to disregard the wishesof Young America by being very unpleasant, YoungAmericaconceivedthatitwouldbenomorethanrighttodisregardtheweather;andtheyouthandbeautyandgallantryofthecitydidnotanywherecom*outmore theentrance.Bewasburiedonthebrowofthehill,A SENATOR FOB SSWAKD newrepublicanUnitedState*SenatorfromMinnesota, hasdeclaredinfavor ofWm.H.SewardforPresidentTheVeteran Corps of '76 turned out in a creditablemanner, escorted by a company of Continentals, and ac-companied by an excellent band of music. At half-pasteleven o'clock thev marched down Broadway to the Bat-tery, where they fired a national salute, and went through the constitution itself. Perhaps I cannot better use theseveral manoeuvres to the satisfaction of numerous spec- tators. Theoldfellowsseemedtobefilledwithnewlife, and looked a* bak aad hearty a* five year*ago.The Senior Veteran Corp* ot 1812 paraded yesterday to fall force, and after being reviewed by the Mayor, march- ad to the Cooper Institute, where they joined the United Americans to celebrating the anniversary of the natal day af the Father of h k Country. The hand of time restsheavily on this nobk hand of brothers, and the day is not dstant when the places that now know them will know them n o more. May their descendants preserve tneir me- mories and their virtue* to the end of time.From an early hour in the day crowds of people were assembled in the Park and all the leading thoroughfares thrtugh which it was announced the processions wouldStfs. TheCityHallwasdecoratedwiththenationaland tale colors, and from the tops of the hotels, as well as all the other public buildings, the stars and stripes floatedg«yyinthebreese. Uptothreeo'clocktherewasnoap- pearance of the military approaching, and the pi- ttance of the people waa evidently pretty well exhausted. Many left, with the conviction that the militarywouldmakenoparadeatall,inconsequenceof the weather, hut about half-past three o'clock the Adjutant oftheEleventhregiment,ColjnelBoatwick,arrivedwith t h e information that that corps w a s approaching. T h e Mayor instantly quitted his office for the stand in front of the steps, and in a few minutes the regiment passed inreview. They turned out 360 strong, and made quite a fine display, In spite of all the disadvantages against which they had to combatfew minutes which I can venture to lake in response tothetoastjustgiventhanbyrestatingsomeofthemostprominent of those principles. First, let me say whatthe republican party is not It is not an abolition party.There is, perhaps, some confusion of ideas, growing outof the prevalent use ot the word abolitionist. If it weretaken to mean only one wiho would desire to -see slaveryabolished all over the woild by some safe process, justalike to the master a n l the slave, there is a vast majorityof men and women throughout Christendom, the SouthA delegation from Boston was also present.FKEX NEGROES IN KEXTTCKT.—The Kentucky House ofRepresentatives baa passed a bill, by a vote of 77 to 6, N. Y ., will be forwarded. She k expected to mil abwtThe Sixty ninth regiment, Colonel Corcoran, in eightaompsaka, 860 strong, next arrived, and marched throughthe Park from the eastern entrance without stopping infront of the Hall. General Ewen had intended to reviewthis splendid corps on the Battery, but the weather inter-fared,andconsequentlynoreviewtookplace,Manabans tocoercethemIntoachangeofanyoftheir brassbandaccompaniedtheSixtyninth,which,allthings institutions. The republican party is not a dis- eoamdared,madeacreditableturnout,exniiitiogvery unionparty;itlovestheUnion,notwithaand 9,492 ounces of silver, worth $12,000, were deposited in the mint. The gold coinage amounted to $140,000. The following tebte shows the amount of gold bullion re- ceived at the branch Mint in thk city from April 3,1864,l>i)to ba1 ram *•, 18*4. HiismbUi Canada,1of bas one hundred and twenty eighthLktk AIl K i n,mmd iauvaaaa ateaar W Crowwli > wa V l i n s m ^ n i B t e l ' •fbasttfe afWs • C asaa»JBBas*^nm» CbW • • " w •* Ssatoajw*»sjasl asm Maw » » f*m Wag m tolas am* of Msitem salted *poa bytheiRoyal Mail ito-day,forLiverpoolviaHaliCraft Number,a_assWsB_arTB••*•••••»• •••• XaU PropsMtani 197*••••* ••»•*••.*••• • .1,001fotmaot.WJ*jBM 66,796S7.868 185 618V v O V a a w a rb n s w t t aOaaMBBm^ • " • ^ ^ • S B B B J W W .B B W I |a a m K bs a m P y Wthattheymightrteeuponft* scum andenjoyabriefex lattace.T h e North, South, East and West bars their rights; aad be did not behove to iaaatim sf the North, who wished to interfere with ebe right* of the South. No,•too,thatOoagremcannot panatowtoPj"««f*of New York for any wnting or speech aMe'ed here. Oar ssBSaasnas appear to think differently, if wemay8 Uy a V b y S T k t e ^ e b a t e in £ L ^ i l TM 2militaryandcivicassociations. THBcBLMBATioHtKjmamm.RICHMOSD, l a b . a*,PriiitingTwc thousand tancy bflto, Twothousand imall bilktherefore,preaaataabattlewiththeIndiana—mtaM _ • _ H I arm to arm—the white m an, however, gain-toglbsascendancyoverhto rudefoes. Thenext paaelrepresent* the symbol* of the white man's program to.•arrteulture, to commerce and in the arts, and his growing the kte election for Speaker, and said that he could not public, then were laid down the maxims of government power and todepeadeaoa. At this stageofhis history be expected to support suchamanas Shermanfor whichtherepublicanstodayprofessasthe creedoftheir eeeurthedtStouhtoawiththemothercountry,aadtheer- Speaker,whohadendorsedsuchanintamousbookas party. Bythemwearereadytostand—1wasabouttosented « e*mU, while sawaral others together holding a council of war.THB BOSTON CcBioa Hotm—There k said to be con siderabk squirming among the employes in the Boston Custom House since the appointment of the new Collector. Who k who and what k what k a matter of extreme doubt Outside there k pressure for places underthe new Collector, white inside there k anxkty and tribute tion.in thto great historicalwords. Hesaidthathehadthehonorofbeingamember of the Order, and that he wss the only American repre- sentativeinCongress. Hewest ontoexplainharoteinUnder thefirstPresidents,inthefirstCongresses,when the immortal men who had led the nation In war, and framed itsconstitutioninpeace,were livingandacting, forming the tows sad establishing the policy of the re-MercerHouse,atfiveo'clockP.M.onThursday,to learn the hour of formation, and be prepared to warn their •quad*witnpromptness.NewYorkunited in resistance. The body thus united k the republican party. I have said that this party is new. It has arisen s c d grown to its present vast proportions within the last six years, but its principle* are as old asbravely, or enjoy itself be ter, than at the ball or the Washington Chapter of the O. U. A. at the Apollo Rooms. Thelargeballwaaappropriatelydecorated withbanners, and with festoons of alternate red, white and blue dra- pery. Ateach end of the room was a banner, the one inscribed with the words, "Washington Association," andthe other with "Native Americans.'"Tne arrangements were perfect, and nothing was want legtoaddtothebrilliancyoftherceceandtheenjoy- ment of the greets. Ihe music was by Wallace's band, and was excellentBy the politeness of J H. Briggs, one of the Committee of Arrangements, w e were pointed out the following per s o c present:—General John Lloyd, Colonel Raymond, F.. A. Crowell. Arch Grand Sachem, and Jonathan Pierce, Past Arch Grand Sachem.as follows—WASsnroTor,Jan. 36,1880. IwasrejoicedtoseetotheCentralBejmMcan, whichI received to-night, the name of Wm. H. Seward at the head of the column for President Since I hare been here, and been obliged to listen to the abuse of our no- blest and truest republican*, I think that we are, in jus- tice to ourselves, to the party and to principk, required torcminateourgreatrepresentativeman,aadparticularly since be k daily made the target at which the poisoned ar- rows of an unscrupulous and vindictive enemy are hurkd. I hope he may receive the support of the dekgatee from our State. The republicans are now opening their batte- ries upon the enemy, and I think it k apparent to them that they entirely mistake the sentiments of the peopk of the North. M S. WILKINSON.mirable tea boat, and require* a* change or a—trabm ex. cept to some very minor demik connected with her en- gine*and thefittingsof the ahlp. It will be rrnalterHiiT thatsheputtoseaonWednesday afternoon test, tetrbg tight weather aad smooth ma. On Thursday, at tour o'clock in the afternoon, the wind ahifted to the nor_-west, and rapidly freshened into s furious gale, whics asted for thirty two boor*. A heavy cross amtestedtheshipthoroughly,andshewashovetofortwelveboon, during which sbe behaved admirably. Her commander, Scbenck, and Superintendent Engineer, Mr. George See- ell, express themselves perfectly satisfied, sad even de- lighted at the performance* of the Saginaw, aad her ex- cellence in all essential qualities.The Naval Lyceum will despatch a mail to th* Borne squadron per the United State* storeabip Falmouth, for AI- pinwall. Allletters,Ac,toftattheLyceum,NavyYard,HIW YORK HBRALD, THURSDAY, FBBRUARY 28, 1868.he £**•as* introduce* aaw scene*. On the succeeding panel are Helper's. He said that bo had made the republicans ray, stand or fall—but we cannot fall, for la the lan- The Colonel takes pleasure in promulgating thk order,axhrbtttd three ships rytog to Boston harbor. These are t h e f a s a o u a t e a s h i p s c e t o a k t o , d r e s s e d s s I n d i a n s , a r e «WIB«Sheteaoverboard. Thenfollowsthesigningof 1Declarationof Independence. Thiebring* as tothe rd epoch—the Revolutionary war. The flgurea on the •bard story are in full relief Washington aad hi* Gene- ittoAppearthestosoflife. Eightoftheheroesarerepre-tog figuresaoofce, while showers of balk tear up the earth beneath hto toet. , Washington, at thto fearful moment, appear* cool, asllectedanddigsmod,believinghimselfanInstrument,in Ihe hands of Providence, designed to work out the great BToblejn sf liberty. The repose of the hero la admirablyCtrayed, a* k ako the mortal terror of his noble steed. •pedestal anastatue bare beendesigned toforma reryprominentobjectfromtheiraltitude.THE CELEfiRATIOH I I MEW YORKajrf UtttoThe demonstration yesterday to honor of Washington'* birthday was the most tons and spiritless thai has been witnessed for assay years—a result which w a s principally attributable to the infernally wretched state of the wen •her, and psrbaps, «ato, in tome measure, to the took 0 lbs rnPywrfr" which formerly used to b e exhibited b y all classes on the approach of thia national holiday. TheStreets were as so many miniature seas of filth and •lush, and, to add to the general sgoDy, a heavy shower of rain fen shortly after noon, accompanied with a n uncomlorta- b k northeaster.About IS o'clock themembers of the American Protes- tant Association, w h o h a d assembled In considerable num- ber* at Union square, in the vicinity of Washington's statue, formed in prooftoa under the command of GrandMarshal James Heron, and marched through Fourteenth street, Seventh avenue, Twenty third street, First avenue, Tenth street, Third avenue, Bowery and Chatham street,throw Sherman overboard, and elect Pennington. Owing t o t h e l e n g t h o f t h e p r o g r a m m e t h e p r o c e e d i n g s w e r e n o t over until after five o'clock.TRIAL OF SKILL BY FIRE ENGINE COMPA- NIES.Between th* hours of ten and one yesterday, West Broad- way—or rather that portion of it in the vicinity or Laird's Fifth Ward Hotel—wss the scene of considerable excite meat. Engine Company No.3, Franklin, of Brooklyn,and No. 7, Northern liberties, of Newark, N. J , had their machines stationed near the liberty pole, manned and equipped, for the purpose of ascertaining which could throw the highest stream. Of course there was a crowd of firemen, and all kinds of lookers-on, notwithstanding theinclemencyoftheweather. TheFranklinEngine,of Brooklyn, played flrst; she threw a double stream to the heightof166feet—thatk,unbrokenstreams—andspray- ed clearly at least three feet over the cap. The wind bkwunfavorablyatthetime, andmade thestreamsat timesvery wavering andbroken. TheNorthernLiber- ties, of Newark, played afterwards; she threw an unbro-ken stream at least 160 feet, and also sprayed over the cap. This engine k perfectly n e w , a n d h a s never been usedata fire. ShekveryhandsomeandUrge;hermen worked with great enthusiasm. S h e played a second time, but the wind blew the stream away from the pale, andshedidnotreachtheball. Severalotherengines were expected on the ground, but they did not make their appearance. At one P. M. the sport was at an end. The rain came down in such torrent* that the firemen left the arms aad took to the ropes.g u a g e o f t h a t s i m p l e a n d s u b l i m e h y m n w h i c h t h e f a i t h of the early age* has handed down to us through the Catholicchurch,tothejoyofallbelievers—Forrightisright,a*QodlaGcd, And rightshallsurely win. Todoubtwouldbedisloyalty, To falter would be sin.Speecheswere also delivered by Mr. E. Delafleld Smith, Mr. George Opdyke, Mr. Everett, end others. The fes tivities were kept up till a late hour, and the company separated in nigh spirits.COMPANY G, INDEPENDENCE GUARD. Among the many pleasant and patriotic events sf yester- day was the collation given by Company G, IndependenceGuard,ofNewYork,totheNationalGuardofPbiladelphia, at the Mercer House, in the evening. After the ediblesofthewellloadedtablehadbeenfullyandfreelydiscuss-ed,andtheusual"feastofreason andflowofsoul"hadbeenenjoyed, Brevet MajorLyle,oftheNational Guardof Philadelphia, rose and informed the company presentthat private Scofleld, of the Independence Guard,hadbeen duly elected a member of the National Guard of Phi- ladelphia, and at the same time presenting the "new re- cruit" with the uniform of the N. G.'s. Thk announce ment was received with three cheers and a ravenous "tiger.'* PrivateScofleldacceptedthehonorconferred upon him to a neat speech, in which he assured the Com mander of the National Guard of Philadelphia thatgiving the "Twelfth" an opportunity to testify in receiv- i n g t h e N s t l o n a l G u a r d , a p r o p e r a p p r e c i a t i o n o f t h e spirit of patriotism evinced by their excursion to Wash- ingtononpatrioticduty,inamanner,consideringthe circumstances,unparalleled inthehistoryoftheFirst division.Br order of Col. Dantel Butterfleld.HENRY A . BOSTWTCK, AdjutantThe commandant*of companies have directed their men to ascertain, on Thursday afternoon, at the police tele- graph stations of the district in which they reside, the hour of formation, and be armed and equipped and on band for duty.A committee from the Ninth regiment havewaited upon Col. Butterfleld, and expressed a desire to have the Ninth participate in the reception, if agrecable-te^the Twelfth. Their offer ha* been accepted, and both regiments will turn out.Welearnthatarrangementsareinprogressforabreak- fasttotheSeventh,attheAstorHouse,onthemorningof their arrival (Friday), by the Twelfth regiment There k a spirit of patriotism and unity of feeling among our va- rious militia corps which true patriots will note with pleasure.AdditionalfromCalifornia.OUR BAN FRANCISCO CORRESPONDENCE.SAN F—uicraoo, Jan. 23,1880.ber of cases. out,wepresumethatcausekforeverremoved.cryd,stillthey00,D_"J**** drivenlabythesi.*. gent ire* negro kw*2setts,whkhOaognJrysjr8,1»k •sJyiUpo itagapi H. D. Satan] be**Sre repubt boa totedayare grouped The crown, representation tothe statue of Washington himself, represented ss he appeared at th* battle of Princeton, at the momejt when, alter having vainly attempted t o rally hto troop*, h e spur- red hto charger and dashed up to the cannon's mouth, •to terror stricken horse reeoitofrom the belching fire andcommander, and that so long as he waa able DINNER OF THE EIGHTEENTH WARD RE- to raise $0 to go to Philadelphia the National GuardsBefore Recorder Barnard. AN UTBMSiVI BTOGLABY.PUBLICAN ASSOCIATION.The republicans of the Eighteenth ward celebrated the birthday of Washington last evening, by a dinner at the Gramercy House. The entertainment, as far as viands, wines, be.,are to be considered, was a decided success. Everything that can be supplied by a good caterer topolitical appetites—and political appetites are very much like ordinary appetites when a good dinner is the incen- tive—was spread on the board.After the dinner, appropriate toasts and speeches were delivered.Mr. PAVIP DUPLET FTSLD, in response to the toast to the republican party, said:—It need not surprke us that the republican party bas encountered misrepresentation and abuse. A new party, advancing rapidly to power, offer- ingafirmresistancetotheaggressivepolicyoftheslave-should never parade without finding him among their number. Sundry tigers greeted private Scofieli as he concluded h k remarks, a a d after order w a s restored private Denry entertained the company with an original and decidedly unique song, entitled "Over to N e w Jer- sey,"inwhichhewasentirelyat home,andelicitedrap turous applause. At an early hour the company dis- persed, well pleased with the festivities of the evening.waa unfaithful to the democratic party, to which he givesin a letter the following denial:—It k said that I am not candid in my support of the de-mocratic party, and that I would vote for the nominee of a third party if it satisfied m y personal partialities. Bosh a story k wholly without truth. I have given to the de- mocratic party a cordial and exclusive support since 1866, end I should acknowledge myself utterly destitute of per- sonal honor if I should now be willing to receive the de-holders—apolicy begotten of the love of money and the•0thePark,throughwhichtheypassedinfront loveofrule—itmustexpecttobevillifledinproportionFrazer,Capt.More,Lieut.Cornelandex-Lieut.Murray.Iamnotgenerallyanextrememan,butyonknowthatIthejury,withouthesitation,pronounoedhimguilty.Tut innotonlyaslaveholder,butdecidedinmyconvictionsikton from the faonrte, that a Vlr- Vtigmk to procure a decision1.••.•••••••••••«•••• •••«••••«*••.•••••.%•,ghmn may bring hk MM UMasBm *WST*S. W6•by the ludteo*. The kt us stand by our couctry, right or i'r*I*_*?d*" r T States apoB Mr. Dougka' irroporiUoa. A third Pi*clple The cetebration mat military dtepmy here to dap, inMr.aBof lb* that, on bifavoriteforAM The above k but a small fart of the *toal expense*. QMaanf sW ((W X O f mwrong,letasartbarright. Heasst S"__^*°_*?tato oftherepublicanpartykdevotion to the lawaadltegal general aapeatyuder the the obieoto of the^rder of United Americana, methodsof redressinoppositiontodaorder "f,TM?000: wreagbt b y the Kill advancing band 0 / ctetniatton. who, be aaid had been in *xj*toaee tTMTM*TM*: It bates with inflexible tenacity to the doctrine that for all third aad teat alary rearaatatatbe great Baoaratwnary teen jear*. The Order was both a beacvotent and legal wrong the law farnJabes1the on^ylsgBl redrasj; thata•ttrmeoaasdbyaeslessaiatataeofWaah- apobtical one,andwasa secretaone,but disorderaidrtotoae*areitha•fmptonm<*..*gf.y^ taintmarecy weans liartnr-ttwas * °~<*Z*Z£** presages of revolution. There are other prtactotes ofof Washington'sBirthday,wasvarybas. vnb* trat *tory the Indiana are represented in low re- effect their obje*. Brery ofltoer of the RevouMoaaryl b s foDswing orders bars been issued in oonnoctlon great importance, though of torn ssagnltnde than ftose I with th* reception of the National Guard on their returnThe diflerent asaoctatioBS aad club* receive fromoas hundredtofiv*hundreddollarseach,accordingtotheir strength, besides which, the shoulderbrawlers, stump speakers, primary electionin • — 1 ta a StateofNewYorkasa Pr*_d«acy* then was aand by a very krg* majority.ged hi their favorite •porta, capturing the buffalo,tabemoonaaddeeraadcultivatingearnandM firat Banai a t t h e second atery k In higharmy, with the exception of the traitor Arnold, was a Member0?somesecrrtlmckty. TheobjectoftheOrder waa to awake the peepto'* mmd to Independence. It had beensaidthaTtheAmericanpartywaaaseriesofdis-lave mentioned; bat I have * o t time to &*-**** further Theseprinciple*,asIbaremid.areatoldas the constitution ikelf, though the party "*^}***** themk new.Theyhavebeentaughtu*fromthe cradle, we have read them in every volume af' ourfromWashington—GJorssAL oaaashl HaaDCjoaxTsasTwsxnnBasmawrN.Y.S.M.,\whiteanappearacuttinghiewayintotoewith hope and eheerfalneai beaming solving Ttows. ttwasnotao. But the Amartosn partyfeoxraosjtCB GUARD,Naw Yosur,Feb. 22,1860. Je. In a comer of this panel couldnotbeused for anydkunioa schemes;itattacked history, and when the occasion came for vindi Thkregimentwillassembto hi"winterontfbrm"toro- to aaaa r e t i r i n g , looking wtotfulty BO religion, but merely advanoed the true American eptrit. eating them b y acta, a whole people sprang to their celveshe Seventh regiment, National Guard, o n their r e -ticket distributors,liquorbilk,&c,&c.,are to be paid, lbs potot thus rstatfkaad by Msurea cspreanve of the pate and regret he The foreigners were tiling the sir with a miasma that waa leet "and the great party of which we are Speaking turn from Washington.1at betog aoamalkd to abandon hta happy hunting choking the republte, but be called upon the educated took possession of almost the entire North. No wonder Notice of hour of formation will be telegraphed to each thousand dollars.up theaggregate to fromeightto tenDoogta* k ihe mas of the Albany they barsforaaad Emanuel B. Bartparticularly happy, as If the whole•da,aadtoflybeforethelaceof thewhitemanand foreigner*nottomistaketheactionoftheOrder—thatall thatamovementsogeneralandspontaneousshouldhare policedistrict(stationbouse)ontheafternoonofThursthey did was for the country a good; aad, in ooncluston, been made. The greatest name known to us, and f«bapa•dreaee of dTiBmttan. la Hteaeooed P»?_J•*• hebeggedofalltojoinandsave ourOnion from disso- totheworld, k thatof Washington, aadnexttshimIn dsy,23dinstabaamadeaclearing latheforeet,erectedba lution. Heretiree?,andthemiscellaneousexerciseswere popularregardk Jefferson. Therepublicancreedcan toe eahto, aad to aeon huady culdrating his ground—sym- antinued, consisting of singing, music, and the reading be extracted from the writings of Washington and Jeffer- bebcai of which are aeen Ma oxen, plough, be. Tne of a portion of Washington7* farewell Address, particu- son atone. We are aiming at nothing new-we sjr* seek- danger* encountered by the early pioneer* are auggeaujd lar attention being paid to that portion which related to ing only to preserve, maintain and defend the old. Oursbribe appearance of Indiana snooting Item down from foreigners. The parting benediction was pronounced. is the true conservative party. We stand upon the doc- The field and staff will report dismounted to the Colonel bihSMiteeeswithtb*veryntieswhichthewhitemea rodallwereabouttodepart,whencriesof trine*,wepursuethepolicyofourfathers.Theirprin- atthesametimeandplace.IIrMtaught them toDae. Ihto leads to awar be- "Briggs, Briggs," filled the room, aad that gentle- cipk*were triedtothefiresoftheRevolution-.theirpo- The BandMaster. Sergeant of drum corp*andnon- , the red warriors and the pale faces. The next man, apparenUy with great reluctance, apoke a few licy was shaped by the troubles of the confederation. commissioned officers of companies will report at theABOCT raxHsnA_>.--Hou. Longem Slates themselvts included, who would be aboliuotiisu>.That, however, Is not the meaning now affixed to the When our.reporter left, there was reasonable cause to The body of Mr. French has not yet been found.not theword in this country. Nor does it mean a citizen of aslave State who aims at tne gradual emanclp&'ien of the elavts. Such a person we call an etnanclpa- tionist. There are many such in Kentucky and Missouri, as we know, and elsewhere in the South, as Idoubtnot Butiftheword abolitionistmeans,asIun- derstand it, one, who living in a free State, would inter- fere actively in the slave State* to abolish the slavery which they tolerate, then I say the republican party Is not,neverhasbeen,andneverwillbe,anabolitionparty. ItwillnotdirectlynorIndirectlyinterferewithskvery intheStateswhoselawspermitit Ourdoctrineis,that the States are sovereign and independent, except so far as they have ceded their right to the Union. We believe that New York has no more right to unmake a slave in Vir- ginia than Virginia ha* to make a slave in New York. We go further: we regard all the Sates not only as legally competent to the management of their own concerns, but as morally competent; as the best judge* of what is for their own good; a s equate in rights and in estimation; a s entitled to fraternal respect ss truly as legal deference. By no means, therefore, whether by law, by violence, or by the pressure of external public opinion, would we attempttcene would be inclined to separate.seems to settle upon the officers whenever h k name k mentioned; no wonder, for a nobler and a better man never walked a ship's deck. Poor French ! His namemarked Improvement in discipline aad general bearing, cold, calculating love, but a warm, heartfelt devotion. Itwhich k , no doubt, due to the zealous efforts of their loves it for the heroic past; it loves it for the glowing staves at Athens; and Washington's was like that of Tell, aaw cunmandant. future. The traditions of brotherly help and counsel, so steady that he was nerved to as much firmness asPayment in gold barsSilver contained in the aboveThe Bghlh regiment. Colonel Lyons, shortly after the the history of sacrifices and successes, side by Bide, are the man who hit the appb on his child's head, and was 22 100 per cent.years. Hek wedded to thecauseof freetabor,bothinopinion and practice. He denies that the constitution ex-tends slavery over the Territories; h e declares that sla-very shall not be permitted to enter any Territory whichwas free soil when acquired by the United States or whichbecame free at any period subsequent to its acquisition;that no power but Congress can plant slavery on such Mil; ALL MaDE D180E8,departure of the Sixty-ninth, made their appearance, aud wars reviewed b y Mayor Wood. Aldermen Barry, Sea- grist sad larky, and a few of the Councilman. The Eighth mustered 884 muskets, besides a horse troop, dis- mounted, composed of fifty twomember*. Onthis 0Ma- awn ther excelted themselves, marchiog with a perfec- tion of discipline, a n d exhibiting a gallant soldier like bearing, which elicited universal approbation. The new engineer corps, and the splendid.Washington Grays Band, wawh ha* bean recently reorganised, made their first public appearance with the regiment. The band, which •1 really excellent, musically speaking, wore their n e w uniform, gray panto and bine overcoat*, and looked ad- mirabk. After saluting the Mayor, the Eighth passed outaf the Park, amid considerable applause.About four o'clock the Seventy first regiment, Colonel Vo*burgh, escorting th* Twelfth regiment. Colonel But- acoompankd respectively b y Dodworth's and ivemor'* Island brass bands, came in view, and ., warmly applauded. The Seventy first mustered H2, and the Twelfth 224 muskets on the occasion. The up In front of the City Hall, pre-1 to the Mayor, marched aad countermarched, " a variety of evolutions in the most com- t a w , aaw then departed through the western 1of th* Park. The Twelfth was complimented, did not parade, of the weather.THE ORDEB OF rjHTTKD AHBRICAN3 AT THE COOPER DfSTITfJTE.stored in the memory of all republicans. Every conside-ration of duty, Interest, affection, binds us to the union ofthese States. Nay, we believe not only that the Unionought to be preserved, but that it cannot be destroyed.If, in the madness and Solly of the moment, there shouldbe an attempt to sever the republic partially successful, itcould not remain disunited. The Almighty has stampedhk k w upon the hills and rivers of this continent, thatthey shall be governed by one race, and under one rule. frightened Washington, nor John Bull himself. The The valky of the Mississippi can no more be divided thanThk amount in standard gold would weigh 204 tons a n d 1,316 pounds, and would be sufficient to form a line of twenty dollar pieces 1 1 8 ^ mile* in length, the coins touching. It would make a solid cube whose sides would be seven feet eight inches, or a solid sphere nine feet seven inches in diameter.DEA THSA>DJurw»—C~tNXY.—At Clear Lake, Napa county, Jan. 1, J. P . Andrews to Miss Tennessee Cheney, eldest daugh- ter of Wm. Cheney.BKOIUCK—H-MU —On Russian River, Dec. 26,1889, by Rev. J. D. Bonner, C. W. Broback to Frances A. Haig.Cox—SWKOTT —In Nevada, Jan. 17, by Rev. J. A. Bruner, Joseph F. Cox and Emma L. Sweney.DAY—AjroxasoH —In Gibsonrille, Jan. 14, Levi Day to Miss Mary Anderson.BXAD—MiixiR.—At Orleans Flat, Jan. 2, George Head to Mary E. Miller.the great river itself can be cut to two, and half of it turned backward. They who own the upper waters will own the lower also, tot politicians, disunionisk, conven- tions, State* even, say what they will. The republican is not a sectional party. What k meant by secUonaliam? Not surely that the majority of those who profess particu- kr tenet*, or even ail ot them, live in a particular Section. That might happen, nay, must happen, in all cases where a movement is not from the start universal. The philosophy of Plato and the jurisprudence of Rome were never sectional, though for centuries the one was shut in Greece and the other in Italy. The republ.can party would not be sectional, though for a century not a single republican should live in a slave Stole. The tast of sectionalism la the nature of the tenet* which the party professes, and the conduct which it aims to pursue. There k nothing in our tenets or our conduct which k incom- patible with Southern life and Southern institutions There are republicans good and true in Kentucky and in Missouri; there might be the same to Virgin!» or to Georgia. Having thus stated what the republican party la not, let me Mate what it k , what it professes, and what it aims to accomplish. It* most distinctive principle is op- position to the extension of slavery. With existing insti- tutions it does not intermeddle; but, believing skvery to be a moral, social and political evil, It will legislate, when it legkkte* at all on the aubject, in favor of the goodspeaker soon after this concluded bis discourse, betog received with some applause.THE CELEBRATION IN BROOKLYN.The 129th anniversary of Washington's ''birthday was celebrated in thk city yesterday, by the parade of one military company and a few benevoknt associations, the membeis of which encountered considerable difficulty In wading through the seas of mud and slush which covered the streets.In the morning the flags were hoisted on the City Hall, and other public and a few private building* throughout the city. A t noon a national salute w a s fired from Fort Green by the Napper Tandy Light Artillery, Capt Smith. The Ringgold Horse Guard. Capt. Urban, paraded during the forenoon, a n d presented a very creditable appearance. Brooklyn Lodge i^o. 6, American Protestant Association, proceeded to N e w Y ork, their banner mounted o n a truck drawn by six horses.In the evening the annual distribution of premium* to the- pupils of the Brooklyn Institute, took place at their hall in Washington street, 'and an address on the life of Washington wasdelivered, a*required by th*will of the late Mr. Graham, who founded the institution.Warren and Lexington Chapters, Order UnltedAmeri- csns, commemorated the event at the Athansetrm. A n address was delivered and ode* were sung.With the exception of the speckl term, th* courts were all open, but the city offices were closed.THE CELERRATIOH IN JERSEY CITY. The celebration of Washington's birthday to JerseyWHITHER OF F18H. FLSSH OB WJLWBETRSR o r r i s H . r u s H o n rofj. WHETHXR OF FISH, FLEBB OM f o r . WHETHER OF FISH, FLteH OB f0»> WHETHER OF FISH, FLSSB 0 » FOW-1,yesterdsyat1%P.M,by aadagainsttheevil. Uponthis principle it win perse-At an sarry hour the hall, afth*appropriately , manners of th*to the Order. Among the in- 1the Veterans ofvere, and enforce the k w * against the store trade; it will punka the slave trader as a pirate, and keep a federal squairon on the coast of Africa to la-ths infamous and cruel traffic to the same principk it will protect th* spread of Blavsry. Whether Itshall do thk by prohibiting skvery by sat of Congress, or by giving full eflbct to Iarritortol laws of exclusion, the motive sad the end are the same. W s bettors that ConoftogkktionovertheTerritories,and r. Whether it shall do so actively, or •sokes to* th* Territorial Legislature, oae thing will never oonsent to enact of Owgress ex- •tovery to) tba Terrttories, or protesting It there, if akvary ever again enter* a Territory of tbw Union, itV•embiedand passes stow In its faror; which eveat, I tak* B. k not ukely aoon to happen, if ts*tow of freedom,ind, be enforced until the f t * p l a i n l y^ J S W ! * * • • ball at tb* ~ o'clock P . M., the stooaad rtghtonight HOB**. At two.Sl^OB,lC0mmhkm~ ltaaasbmA, fob. « , 1M0.rate hers- but most of th* tfbaV inwttohgttog-ktcent at Roxbury gtniana ma*aacred by the _.Washington'*Farewell Addresswasread byBtoneyat a meeting of the City Councik andour UMNowafOneitaodfor Torrents of rain hare been felltogstooe eight o'ctodk, On* hundredwhich interferes with the observance of the day by the Three thousand largealthough he had grown gray, green and blue in Striker of the Wmsk <f (he Northerner—Mint atattatkt— the military service, he should ever hold himselfReligiousI'p FOBASOTSSB TBS_.—Hon. John W. Noell, th* demo-cratic representative from the Seventh district of Missouri, publishes to the S t Look paper* aa announcement that hekacandidateforre-electiontoCongressfrommiddis- trict at the ensuing August election, subject to the decision of a regular Democratic District Convention, if one should beheld.SawATOR P-taca, or MABTLAITD.—Hon. James A Pearcek now before the Legislature of Maryland a* a candidatefor re election to the United States Senate. An attemptwas mads to damage hk prospects by reporting that he FEB. 22.—The only case of interest that was dbptaeddto readiness to obey the orders of his newMarriaga a n d Deaths, etc.We have received some further particulars of the wreckof the steamship Northerner. The Humboldt Times says that the wreck and whatever of the cargo had been saved were sold January 8, for the benefit of the underwriters. Out of one hundred tons of freight, perhaps not more than three tons were saved, and that was badly damaged. The good* sold well, and were bought, principally, by farmer* living in the vicinity of the wreck. All that was toft of the fine steamer Northerner wassold forforty dol- lars. ShewasbuiltinNewYorkin1847,andcost$280,-000. What a fall! The entire proceed* of the sale, includ- ing good*, ship, and all articles not claimed by private in- dividuals,amountedtoabout$900.Itwouldbealmostimpossibleforany onewhohasnot been on the ground to form any correct idea of such a total and fearful wreck. The boilers and some heavy parts of her machinery lie on the beach, and can be reachedatlowtide-Thereisnochancetosaveanypor- tionofit. SomepartsofthesidesandbottomcameSUPPEROP COMPANY MENT.P ,EIGHTHREGI-Thk crack company, commanded by the gallant Capt.mocraticnominationfortheSenate,aadyetbarsthe prisonerwssthatontheeveningbeforetheburglaryOMLeanderBuck,assembledaftert h eparade,a tMilitaryraintett idea of withdrawing from the support of their nomination In favor of any nominee of any other party. On the contrary, I shall, whether elected by the present Legislature or not, go with the democrats in support of the Charleston nominee, and a* certainly oppose hk ad- versaries, of whatever faith they may be. I hear also thatIamsaidtobeunsoundupontheslaveryquestion. What specification there k under thk head I do not know.of the proprietors saw Parky took into the front wtatet of thewore,andperceived thathewore the mattealte purchased a short time before a t that store, sad Mr. Henry Vogel testified that when the burglary WM da- covered a coat was found in the doorway, which,cpa examination,waspositively identified aalbsooatwakb Farky had purchased. The prkoner had no ckfenes, andHall, in the Bowery, to partake of a sumptuous repast,and enjoyed themselves to a late hour with toasts, senti-ments, speeches and the other festivities peculiar to such occasions. Addresses were made by Colonels Curtis and Jesup, Quartermaster Keeler,andCapta.Buck,Varian, Ward and others. Among the invited guests were Capta.expect that "the wee sma' hours ayont the twal'' would The beach h a s been traversed for a distance of u!teea grew comparatively large before the participators in the miles every day since he was lost A melancholy gloom-providing for the removal of free negroes from that State.The following are the leading features of the measure:—the 8th prox.ORATION BY REV.J. P NEWMAN.An oration in honor of Washington's birthday was de- should be handed down to posterity as an example of allNo slaves deemed emancipated until the personemtnci-pating shall give bond for the removal of the person A NSW SENSATION. emancipated from the State within ninety days; mad* a NEW BBKBA TIOM. felony for a free negro to come into the State: prohibits A NEW PaNSaTlOW.Broome and Elizabeth street*, before a numerous congre gation, by Rev. J. P . Newman. The preacher announced his intention of considering his subject under three heads: Washingtonasarepresentativeman,alawyeranda statesman. HesaidWashingtonwasaprototypeofa nationwhichwastospringupIntheWest,andbere- markable beyond all precedent or comparison, in wealthhk reply when told that he would lose hislife If heat- temptedtogethkboatoff. Hkcoursethroughlifewas squared b y h k conscience, a n d h e needs n o compass to directhisgloomypassagethroughthestormybillowsof Pacific'sdeathstrewnaisles. ArthurFrenchwasfrom StJohn,NewBrunswick,wherehehssanaged mother still living. H e leaves a wife and three children in Sanwishing to leave the State may choose a matter or mis- tress, upon the person desiring to become the owner pay- ing one half of the appraised value of aaid negro. An amendmentwasadoptedmakingitthedutyofthecounty courttoexaminesaidnegroinopencourt,apartfromthe persondesiringtobecometheowner,andstatetohimthe effect of said act, and see that be had not been ImproperlyA NSW SENSATION.iletters and politic*. Washington wbs unrivalled by Peter Francisco to mourn his loss. Mar the acacia bloom to h kmemory.influenced by the person whom he ha* selected ss hk LONDON CLUB SAUCE.of Russia, Frederick II. of Prussia, Napoleon I. of France,Aiistides of Greece, or Caesar of Rome, every one of whombad faults recorded of them which are not to be recordedand cannot be recorded In the biography of George Wash-ington. He had seriousness, thougbtfulness, penetration,sound judgment and rare modesty, joined t o n handsomeand commanding figure. He waa a man of the strongestpassions, controlled on all occasions, except in a fewmosttryinginstances. WashingtonwasAmerica'spo- Grossweightaftermelting larstar,fcerocean'8wealthandhersun'sbrilliancy.The Valueofgold spiritofpatriotismofourfatherswaslikethatofthe Paymentingoldcoins Greeks, who would prefer being corpses g t Marathon toowner.THE PLATFORM or EDWARD BATES, or MISSOCRI.—The S tLOUIE Democrat thus announces Mr. Bates' opinions touch- ing questions of current political interest—Since the dissolution of the whig party Judge Bates hasbeen identified with no political organization, but. never-theless, he bas cot withheld the public expression of h k opiniononeachofthequestionswhichbarebeendebatedsincethatevent. Hewasafreesoilwhig,andwssdesig- nated,recognisedandproscribedsssuchtothkState. FOBTbBTABLE. Were It not for his undisguised anti skvery opinions, be FOR T B B TABLE. would to all human probability have been one of the rep- FOB T B S TaBLB. resentatives of Missouri in the United State* Senate forprepared to kill h k tyrant if h e failed. Washington's crown was not composed of gaudy jewels and vain orna- ments; it was in the heart* of hk countrymen. Wash- ington was compared to Fabiua Maximua, but it was only a comparison of circumstances. Hannibal proved too strategical for Fabius, however, at last, by sending his filming oxen among the Romans; but ox,«n neverALL MATJB DISHES.Citywasnetveryextensive. Flagswere dkplayedfrom Jap. 12,DavidWarwickandDanaUddy.th* various public buildings, lbs ferry boats and «hipping.Daring the forenoon the J«r*ey Ctty Continentak, beaded by the Washington Brass Band, paraded through some of the principal street. They numbered twenty twoWHII-KID—DTTFT.-At Bantam. Jan. 14, Willet M. Whit- field, of Vallejo, to Margaret Duffy, of New Orlean*.man.Brn—At Union, Humboldt county, Jan. 8, Miss Melk-sa Elizabeth Bull, alter an illness of 16 months, aged 17 year*, 8 month* and 18 days, formerly s f South Boston,Caoanrr —In Ban Francisco, Jan. 28, Thomas F. Cros- key.son of Robert aad Jans Cro*kej, aged 4 year*,11 month* aad 6 days.C u t M s s m - I n V o l c a n o , J a n . 1 7 , J o h n W i l l i a m , y o u n g e s t ion ol David aad Sarah Ann Clement*, aged 1 year, 9and IS days.FJTW.—• In S*n Francisco, Jan. 18, Rev. Dmlnkter of the Methodist Episcopal churchGSAXT —In Jackson, Jan. 16, Thomas D. Grant, aged 64 years —»---H n n - m Sacramento, Jam. IS, Sarah, whs af Timothy dent aged47years. ^ ^ l-n_-lnBsnFTancisco,Jsn.21,Wm. H. Uttte, son of Archibald and Martha Uttto, aged 4 year* and dPmmaao--AtWattBated,Jam18,CaarleaPeterson, a Mttaa Piimrk,^ci» $uig.Total tea aa Lots on sail balkTotal steam and sailLoss of life in 1868,106.from a comparison with the year 1868 itit after th e Territorial Legklatur* h a s as- musket*, s a d presented a fin* appearance, i tt b s * B n d t « * H G W d 'rilk Guard; C 1 ° * " U * i 0 0 * r ( 1 , " * " "t h e r e k s a i B c r e a a e l a t h e l o s s o f p r o p e r t y d u r i n g 1l i 8 6 9 , over that of 1868. amounting to S287 888. bars k a crease to lo«« of life of 17.Below k a synopsis of the Marine Register of the Board •Jt Labs Underwriter* lb l b s spring of 188660:-•paaajni jy"^^wa^^*smw " * a**fv * i u %•* JamaaCLTIONfaaas.SS,846,1874,810,180J»tal- M S 7 Saaiaai****MA»toStt-Mttisscam MW-mda*a.*^t'<Ml laltm attwIBtJ'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069876.667811,680.787Untitled DocumentOnTuesday evening wearrived atMyers', onourway borne. TherewefoundthebodyofThomasLeonard,one ofthecrew. Hehadbeenpickednoenthebeach,nearHon. M. S. Wilkinson, theabove Myers' house, next morning. Crossing the bay in the forenoan of the same day, w e found near the entrance to the bay the body of another man—a passenger. He wasquiteayoung man, and looked quite natural. He had been found by Captain Buhne's crew, and waa cover- ed with board*, so as to keep the sun from him. He was buiied that afternoon by Buhne and Broderson. Here w e learned that Wm. Broderson had found and buried one of the crew, supposed to be a quartermaster, near the same place,onthedaybefore. Welearnfrom CaptainMali, who arrived In town yesterday, that the body of Mr. Swit- Z«T,of Portland, was found on Thursday, and buried at Myers', by the side of Leonard. Mr. Switzer leaves a wife and children in Portland, whose grief m a y b e partially mitigated when they learn that h e w a s decently interred, and that be sleeps on an elevated spot where old ocean's angry billows may break against the base of the bluff on which b e rests without disturbing h is repose. Peace to his ashes.urnedtothkportyeetordar ataoon,havingaaam> plkhedahighlysuccessfultrialtripotfeardagsupo*tte HewritestooneoftherepublicannewspaperaofhkState broadPacific.Thesteam*rba*prowadhettelfanad-that is brave and noble. "I have as much to live for asliveredlasteveningintheFirst Baptistchurch,cornerof anyman,butmylifebelongs to thosepassengers,"was themarriageoffreenegroesandskves;faeenegroesnot A NBW 81NRATION.MINT STATISTICS.During last week 6,264 ounces of gold, worth $100,000,Gross weight before meltingounces 6,287 744 88 << 6,088'62824 aiu,o«4]82082 97,749,83393 12,889,437 21 486,661 48 Averaage fineness, 890; average loss in melting, 3 andFOBTHBTABLE. FOB TBE TABLE.A N D M_MUSD.and that the Dred Scott deckton merely define* the con- stitutional status of the negro, the dkcarsive essays of the justiceswhichaccompaniedtherenderingoftt—tdaaktea being, in h k opinion, mere leather and prunella, pos- sessing no intrinsic weight, and entitkd to no extraordi- nary consideration, either legally or politically. Bnt Mr. Bate* reject* the motto, no more skve States. B e argues that neither public policy, precedent nor the constitution authorizes Congress or the Executive to discriminate be- tween free and stave States in their application for admk- slon into the Union.In a subsequent number of the Democrat we find th* following announcement:—We notice that various newspapers Insinuate a doubt a s to whether these opinions are authentic W e bare only to repeat that they are authentic; that they a n held b y Judge Bates precisely a* we bare expressed them, aad that, although the article was written without any sugges- tion or authority from him, h e has, since its publicatian, expressed to ourselves in person hk unqualified approval of every word contained therein.Disaster* am t h e _mliaa»The sixth annual Convention of the Board of Lake Underwriters convened yesterday in thk city, pursuantto a resolution adopted at their test meeting tt Chicago, LI, to the month of February of last year, William Steward, Esq., acting as President, aad D. F. Dobbins, Esq., as Secretary of the Board.The meeting was bald in the Insurance Building, Wall street, by invitation of the New York Board.ALL MADE DI8BE8, ALL MADE ItttBBJ, ALL MADE DlhHAB,Howxu.—IHOBP.—At12!,, by Rev. J. W. Simmons, Jacob Howell to Sarah Thorp.HANSON—BECHERXR.—In Stockton. Jan. 17, by Rev. Mr. Krob, George Andrew Hanson to Mark Becberer.JAMXS—H-flrxssBY—At Genoa, Canon Valley, Jan. 7, Alfred James to Julia Hennessey.KXAPP—DsCar.—InSanFrancisco,Jan.18.bytheRer. Dr. Scott, Royal Charles Knapp to OrinJa Ellen Ds Oeu.MAI-LOH—MAHBK —At Fort Humboldt, Jan. 17, by the Rev. A. J. Hueatis, Michael Maulon to Miss Catherine Maber.PELLINER—MAGOXE.—At Bodega, Jan, 17, Heary Pelli- ner to Elixa Jane Maguire.RicroR—McGno-T—In Anderson Valley, Jan l.John Rictor to Caroline McGimsey.RoBiiKRsoN—CoNi/w—At San Rafael, Jan. 18, b y Father Lefebre, Jordan R. Robberaon to Mary Conlon.SKAGRAVX—RIS-K—In San Francisco, Jan. 10, by the Rer. Dr. Scott, Samuel Seagrave to Sarah Jane B a k .STHUJUN— BxAiuGAji.—In Upper Baneberta, Amador county, Jan. 16, Charles Stidaman to Catherine Umbel BraasganrtXEBRATEOaOTtt- ClUSBBA TEOWtg- igUIBBA TEDWTj rF„BBRATBD •0T»ciLSBRAlEDSOYO.PARESR BRiFAR» ER BROTH •», PARKSR BROTHERS |>0*K PARSER BROTHERS, DON"EVERY"._TJ_!aWBBTHornitas,Mariposacounty, Jan.MARRIAGES.lsso.Ten thousandi*. . . . •• • • • • • • • » • » • » • • « « • • • * • « *ARRANGEMENTS FOR THH RBCWTION OP ••«.•••••••••*••••«••-• ••••••••••***£•*** * THE SEVENTHREGMENT.-linewillbeformedpromptlyatthehournamed(by telegraph) in Broome atreet, right on Broadway.The NEWTons Hmuin, which has in the last monthnominated Scott for President, sad Wise aad Lane, aad aad dbtiibution tt50. 6., at BiO....•...•••••••••%•«.,•.•• .1 «••»....•«..«.•••••••»••••••««•••*••••••»*••'«*»*.•...4000 MOB 4000 90 00 80 00 Cartage.•••..••....••••«••••••••«•••••»*»•••«•••• 800 ISMTOifcl..••ss*•*aniMtllMiian*•••*••*•••••*aVmsmW(pV««which generally runsM oss Taret LATION JohnWentworth,oftheChicagoDemocrat,says—aettkd question, candtCataa, the ground, fifteen minutes before the time of formation. renominated Buchanan, now advocate* the nomination having discovered "the lay ttTh* hand and field music will report to the Adjutant, onofGeneralW00LLong John wasones a democratic member ofCon-gressfromIllinois,and.havingruntosaadinthatparty,be suddenly tacked himself on to the black repubheaas,who Uted hard, and are still trying, to shake him off, butthrownoutaaa—barorsoto home;butfromthebsOtagaadbabottagof«Adjutant Bortwick will detail a gun squad to flre the they cannot succeed. He k like a burr onasheeps til the free negro taw* aad th* ioatrtotioa of stavirV _propersaluteonthearrival of the Seventh,andmake requkitionforthenecessaryamunttkm.back-he sticksaslongssthereisabitofwoolto cling to.NEW C A - » o r D r s A n r r r . — I n t h e r e p o r t o t t h e O o m m l s •loner of the Hospital for the Insane, in Indiana, Know Nolbingismkretdownasthecauseofinsanityinanum-thisDistrictshallbarebseaabolished;and•econilvt-i removalofthecapitaltosomemar*tamlthv*_dVvi*__ locality. Bot what are th* aathortea*of taaTcitv taS I n a p o p u l a t i o n o f a b o u t 6 0 , 0 0 0 , W m h a g t o a _ _ * * _ • total or 12,000 free negroes, comm^shmdka^krW _ _ portionofvagraataandmkchkvo*sd_Jectors «•'expectation* of good-_!_ ._-_J!^«_ O-HV«ato thkcityofrefuge. Thar*arein the any; aad, considering their*with thefree blacks,sad thewith the free blacks, and the presence, ta and out of C_Tgresa, of V targe political party here devoted to the c_w* of human freedom, the necessities fb» a rigid esstoaw* over all incoming and outgoing free colored AaHttem*' will b e read!ly appreciated.Aboldh th* tostitntionof sfavwy bar*.aad omakaDktrlet aa an asylum for free negroes, *_d w e dare sa*that before the expiration of aatagk year aacb an a m *of them would b e thrown into t h b ctty from th* adteb__skveStates,with suchanadmixtureofrunawaya_ve_ss would inevitably kad to the moat deplorahk rente ofnm*->a_aar_a_m wa___lll_____h Jtmlaaam a n d fclta* • _ * —- - * - — i.. U8AUEMPrBa^D| P*9B*Us9B9Bj UlUU0,U Q DKMJQT ITSOVUiPM___lLAthe extermination of the whole black race. Thekw*ofCongressandof thelocalauth*rit_toftka cay, therefore, upon thenegroquestion,are,undwth* testa aad circumstance* with which we bar* to deal rae aad humane, however creel they* may appear k kadistorted imaginations of our Northern devotee* of "•*.. man freedom." A s for the removal of the federal cap- tal, considering the inroads of abolition fanatk-a, It • quite possible that Virgink a a d Maryland have ceased a entertain a n y rery **rtoos objection* to m id removal: tot theseatofthefederalgovernmentwillhardlybecbaapd until some other locality shall have been agreed upon, a*4 we shall hare no deckton upon that jwtat while to* pre- sent Union holds together.Conrt ax*Ceaera1to-dsy ta thk court was a charge of burglary, ta thet_r| degree, made agatawt a young man named Owen Farley, who attd be wasnineteen years old and a -relate fey trade. It appeared from the evidence adduced by tM prosecution that on the night of the SStb of December U* clothing store of William Vogel b Brother, 800 Third an- nue, ws* broken into, and that klks and cawmerd valued at 81,470 were stolen from the eatobtkhmeat Tte only piece of testimony that brought homo the gum k tatNxwsrAFsra»Mnswcm—TherearepnblkhodintheA s Know Nothingism k now about played», s tt MVirginia aad M0ainland, aaTSyState of Mkaouri one hundred and sixty-eight nswspapsrs,ofwhichtnereare—Democratic Opposition. Blackrepublican Independent#•••••••••••••••«••«Throush the poliknem tt Mr. Dobbins, Secretary, w sthe Rer. Father VallerrassM, Robert Shehy, Esq., to Mar- are enabled to give a full state ment of the marine sm- IBM raUCE lb SI PIBIOR TOSHKHY—TniBEY—At Suscol, Napa county, Jan. 8, b yTBIb PA DOE 18 BUPSMOR TO TBIB 8ATJCS IS BCfbRlOR TOAND BOLD AT AND »OLD A f AND §OLD *T AND BOLD A Tgaret Tormey.WARWICK.—LTOBT—At Wookey's Flat, Nevada county,arter* and loss of llle and property on the Lake* th* year 18l«>- w-r—waSUBrT**•*»IKIUl UUUCa. iM»l««ll«fiMISM«lltMlJtion,party of the Hou*» to* of"allappropnationsforLOKDON CLTJB RACt'E. LONEON CLUB BAOO*. LONDON CLUB EADCB. LONDON CLOB BACCB.REOOMMINDED BT TBS BR 0_M*M>KI> BY THF. RECOMMENDED BY THE RECOMMENDED BY T H B RECOMMENDED BY THETTIT IB MANUFACTURED BY 1* 18 MABOFACTDRED BY IT IB MAKTJFACTCBEDBYmd other imp- kthbcMr at!S_U»CttI_LABT-4>U6LIBAND BOLD AMD BOLD AMD SOLD AMD BOLDTHIS 8ACCE IB SUPERIOR TOMANUF ACTUREDB TEPKTRE8, ATTSNTIOE EflCCKES, ATriHTIOK, Bflt'CBga ATrSSTIOI. EPICURES,AiT*~fTlo». EPICOJB-S,ATTENTION.THE ONLT CONDntlFj THE OS1.Y CONDia-Ufl T « K ONL Y CONDIMENT THE ONLT CONDmllt TBS ONLT OONDUUSfBXCRLLEWT FOB fLArottfO EXCSLLKKT POB FLSVOElM bxcBLt-sfT r o R rLAVoajjd BXCSU-Bfl r o R FLATOttM BXCBUdOS BOB F-STOSUdUjapos- fti-iS,.*.•*P' www.fultonhistory.com 