 ;.Bepublican,and adjourned,sine die.^HODE IBI.ANI>. Cm>»*"»> ^MleamtifOU yoD-Tart Time*,NEWS BY TELEGRAPH.AUiSiMml Hewa by MMOreriud «•>>. American Gold, it 1» cent.these matters should be investigated, is for the so- ber s^ise, the intelligence, the virtue, and thepatriotism of the people, to decide. They should «ndeavor to be watchful, and keenly alive to theirjust lights, and ace that the intrigues of politician^ •re not earried~to such a dangerous extent as to attack the individual virtue of a citizen, by buying for a price his precious privilege of free action.the fostering of direct trade with European manufac- tures, and Die mechanic arts, and the completion of the internal improvements of the State,Cnlee Slcettnf; at Brldsepert, Gonn. BaiMZFOBT, Saturday, Jan. 7.A large and entlmsiastic Union meeting washeld in this city last evening. Washington Hall wasthe attempt was promptly suppressed, and the majes- ty of the law vindicated.That the Harper's Feft^ outrage was the natural consequence and legitimate result of the doctrinei and teachings of the Republican Party.That the Illinois delegates be Instrocted to vote for and use means to secure the readoption of the Cincinnati platform, without any additions or sub- tractions..That no man can accepta seat as delegate In the National Convention, nor should be recognized as a member of the Deraonralic Party, who wUI not abide the decisions of such Convention, and support Its nominee.Thatwereaffirm andrepeattheprincipleset forth in the tesoluiions of the last State Convention of the Illinois Democracy.That the Democracy of Illinois Is unanimously InJ.i.CSeamerce ef Hebile*Monia, Friday, Jan. ft.Nml.Sight EKokaam oa New-Tork, H»cent preia.Institutions the South. In Massachusetts, Wis- nected with the eie'ration of partisan candidates' o^and it is the only inference to be drawn, and that consin, Vermont, and perhaps other States, legls.Mooas, of Sangamon County. The Convention then selected two delegates to the Charleston Convention Irom each District, and four from the State at large,'^peatanceofdoingcrowded to excess, and hundreds were unable to gain The reqent contest was one of the most exciting admission. National salutes were fired In both tb^thathasoccurredhereforyears. TheConvention was crowded with earnest and interested spec- tators, sud not a delegate of the whole number cho<>en was absent from his seat. The contest"for the Cbair of the Conventioa was brief, but sharp and spirited. Hon. Xhohas D.1.TIS, ' Ganiaoaian, received 48 votes, to Thomaseastern and western portions of the town. Speecheswere made by Hon. Jamcs C. Lookis, of this city ;Hon. Ebvaxs ToMPxnis, of Binghamton, N. V., aiidHon. WiLUAH N. Eatos, of Hartford. Kesolutlonsvfere passed of a conservative charicter. The ut-most enthusiasm and unanimity prevailed through- out. At the close tremendous and hearty cheers werefavor of Stspuis A. Docolab for the nextand the delegates from this State are instructed to vote for him, and make every honorable effort to procure ids nomination.A.PoTXX,Esq.,AmericanDocolas,^ ^>MTAI, ADD MORIHIT BWOWS—SVKSBS OF PA- TlkStS TMAttD AT THX DUPIBgST uiBirnr-TIONE—WIEKLT KKPOBT OP THI aOSPITAL,The following is the report of the Dispensaries in this City for the year just closed:eS ^iSI SI. 11 II sill*o a S Xo. or Val< PnUenU. 1SJ1T ii,ina 11,99No.ofFcjiwJePaUeai«. ZS.ttS 17.131 1S,387 8,08s n.nj' Totals........ 4S.SS9 i»jat »0,05i i«,«l« It.SIS IM.ilSTreated It DwcUims.. «J»9 «.*» «»• S.OM tMO R,8U Trt»t«latDL-pensarie*37.HO 16.0JS »,7a8 18,KJ0 11.1UIM.SOSMIS 1,771 tas 10,<«.1 a) K> s,(»i It S 1.101 Whole No.VafciBat«d. liSlT I ass 7,I(I> 1.791 04 11.WT NumberofAanlla M.6J9 ll.llS I«,H8 1&47S i4is n,iM Somberof ChlMrea.. IB.OU S,<07 ii,10i U,13T SJS3 9».tU No.iNadve PatienlJ. 19.3.W S.08K li,a» 11X3 SJB8 Sl,0«t recently found In the cellar of the Blockley Alms- Ko. Farrl^D PaUeala. M.ISI m,ttli 14,801 lt,<3S S,IST n,Sol bouse, were undoubtedly his, been ideatlSed No.dentlX) Hoiipital.. &.Vi8 14.1 SIS 181 171 T^l9»had -control of the meeting, was to get the power of the Committees on their side, which waspartially accomplished. Nearly the whol^ State ticket was of out-and-out Bepublican sentimtot. After they liad nominated their selected State officer^, they attempted to get their j^wer into the Committee to nominate delegates to the National Convention. A very exciting discussion arose at this juncture :Medical Institntiou of thefirst after the stepStraight RepublicansCity-gotthe Americans with some the accusing justice op-site ^ving of unfairness, and of no desire to con- ciliate and to cement a union. A sharp and pointed speech was made by Col. C. C. Yah ZajniT, of Newport, who satirized the lovingness and fondness which existed with the Bepublicans for their brothers, the Americans. He demanded..' chosen. But theown way, and the delegates were chosen on the spot. Theyareequallydividedbetweenthetwo' fion.SenatorBiumonsis oneoftheJan. The Congressional Oon^-entldH fC tijs District convened in the City Hall in this place to-day, and elected Hon. Ex-Speaker Tboiub G. Aivoai) and Hon. Naihas F. Gsavis as Delegates, ami Hxasr PaArr and H£Sa7 C Ssach Alternates, to represent the Twenty-fourth Congressional District at the Charies- ton Convention. The Convention was a large one. Great confidence and enthusiasm prevailed. Resolu- tions were passed iudorslhg Mr. Alvoks in the State Convention and State Committee, of which Joua .4..Gbu:<, Jr., is Chairman.Philadelphia Items. PniLASELrHiA, Sunday, Jan. 8.Jnsticetothe Convention untilMay next,The friends of Jonir Wnr.uo saythethat remains,in sll the nominations. ESbrts were madeof the Southern mails ; six frdm New-Oileans are now due.adjournwlien a conciliatory and fraternal disposition mighthaving Nomberof Deathi-.... 17J »> U7 SISIn the Territories of the nation. Thepublicans have caused ail this, by not allowing a coDdliatory disposition to be exercised araoag them; selves, and bv not coniultiBg the wishes, in any degree, of the Americans. Until this is done, ^ere will be no harmony or union of action andalelghdemolished.'Owing to the interest yoa have hitherto taken in 7 the njaring game of eurlinit, 1 take the liberty of for-• Ifew-Tork Caledonian CurUng Club, of New-York. :^ ths««ai9 eamo off at Pltlston, on Fildw, Jan. «, vrithIt pUren on each side. After i% hours of a keenly- T eontesteil game, CMt. Wji. Ma'ssos, of the Seventy- * aintbBegtmestU.s.T.,wtaoactedasumpireforthethesufferers.-two Cltabe, declared tke result stood u foUowi OAIOS. ~vamong_. Bnw V«. t—Nsw-Toix. Rnra No. 1-,-PittsTox. WUUuaBied,oftheweek$1,468,965 exportsofthe Exports ;wm."Ci'oossHoB,David Bram,JohB Tkaaaas—Shots ..- JohnffBli&maoB,Jr., Aiex. Martin,X month of December, t3,486,2;s ;exports of the lastNo t.-J*ma eUlles.JaSKS I«ve,Bpbt. Scott. Vm.WkitxTboUom—8'ts34Mbn]ioSU-8bots..3.—tVm. Bellock. "'Adie.Bo. 3.—That. Hastie, Kebt.UeVIUiaii, Alsx. lUtohaU,Tbe steamer North Briton sailed from port Rt CJi o'clock to-day for Liverpool.this.4S J*s. MoMfflian—Shots. . . Ne.lr-^.Williamson,Sr.28three months of IgS9, tl2,MiS,900.avid Johoiton, _fKaol.com Baxter—Shots.. M Joseph Mllllgsn—Shots. 15«jIS£.';-v, '"I IWontyfor New-York, 44. 1Total «7The Saatbem Hatl. Washibotosi, 8tmday,Jan.8.No Southern mail was received here to-day. There are now seven New-Orleans mails due.The curters an* their friends then left the Ice foi?he ^agle tt«el, where a capital dlrmer was awaiting fliem, to which each iiulividualdid such ample justice as e«rl*is aaiy know how to mete.Jsaies Vatson. Jos. N. Brydon,Departure ef the Nerth Britea. PoaiLABn, Saturday, Jan. 7.—42 show-givenfor the Old Dominion, the South,' and the Union.The Convention then gave ninecbeers foring ths popular feeling very conclusively. The Wood Delegates to the Charleaten Cobtcd- tten.straightBe-Maioss, N. Y., Saturday, Jan. 7. HcHRT HiACHAM, of the town of Dickinson, shot his wife, last evening, l» the presence of her ahh(^gbtheAmerican-BepublicanParty^^ode fatherandmother. Theyfled,alarmed,|to theneigh- bors, and on returning found Mrs. Mbacham dead, beingshotandwithherthroatcut. Herhusband lay dead by her side, havisg shot himself through the head. Domestic trouble and jealousy were theIsUnd is dead in name, yet, "9tmInItsttbmliveitswontedflies."HlPPABCHTg.CotUbc Match iif PemBsylTania. TICTOBT OT THK NEW-YOKK CXLKDOXUS 0L17B.n uu Editor of tht Aem- York Timet :Jamkxi 7, 18M.;:X.r vr,,^. zz.—^^ e ».».p_i^WP' '"^.lsales week, bales: re- ceipts week, ,S90bales, 31,725same It is onp of the sorest erlls of oar system of TheAn»auH0fthe23i December leanoul tBhsrnoouigah time last year. Increased receipatgsaiantsthis port, »«,- a reUaUec<m»pon<lent that the Govoraor MS bales,', stock at this port, S3(QMS bales. Freight had rticelved dlqiatcbes tmn the Juarez Coremment to Liverpool, IS-SSd.air-SZd. Sterling BxChinge, dlrecUng htm to revoke at once iUs order expelling 6Hc.d7H V cent, premlua. Szchsnge on Nsw-pcoTisnci,H. I., TIrawUy, Jib. 5, 1980.;the arrival of the Orarland Hail here: ofthe 34 tijm]>opnIar el«*tions that the iiee-faem suSiagea of citl- aena are bought and sold aa raeichandise. Kot a'poU- tical contest occma in the land but which ia attend- «ri, in a eompaiative degree, not only by tnai, but tba comipiiana of bribery—paying men for their Totes in order to effect the success of partisan candidates. I-wenty-five yesis ago this vile and itwiiniliiiiil system bad not bean bom, or at anyCapt. Smix and hispartyfrom Sonora. He 1» also 1 ork, I ^ cent, discount.ordered to Invite Capt. .Srosra's party to return and _ ExportsMoBns, Friday, Jan. 6.of theenter upm the duties of th" survey, and to protect inonth of December, »s,4«l.275 of the; them from injury ami see that they are permitted to three months of IbM, $ 12,068,100.exportsproceed quietly la the performance of their duties. PHiupiLi>aiA, Saturday, Jan. 7. The .^rironum adds that it fears that Gov. Pis- FIOUK heavy ; sales only 1,000 bbls., in conse- gnxsA will disobey these Instructioos, and that the quence of pretensions of holders: Superfine, $±79:sales 2,000;bushel*, at •! 3S«tl 36 for Red, and 11 4Satl ii ever. for white. Cout dull. Oats steady, at 45c.e46c.ntawatltot openly practiced, and he who would lettlement of these diiilcalties is as br distant as Extra, $6. Wbsat firm, and uochaaged tire the htSte, and be also who accepted the bribe,^MdM thei^ Kave been deai^aed and execrated-V*bt»^y, k tlus free and enlightened nation, andWtlrcceoeanftandrepteaentatl**GoTemment, gondatesofthelethnit.,arrivedto-night. Cottonunchanged; salesto-day,3,000bales,atMfedbeet ctrDSmatanees which certainly go to imply« moatatter disregard of honest and upright prin-«ilple«, and of that high-minded and honorable aOcSSOHc Crushed Sugar is steady at lie. Do eooias wUdi imly wonld be pursued, by a true mesdc Liquors are without cbaage. Foreign Liquors—RESOLUTIONS NAIOS Or IHX DII.EGATXS TOGHASLESTOir.Fnm uu Bprinf/ield State Journal, Jan. 5.The Democratic State Convention met here to- day to nominate Delegates to Charleston. The tem- porary organization was presided orer by Hon. Mr. McCo»aii| of Koran County. A Conunlttee on Per- manent Organization, consisting of two Delegates from each Congressional District, was appointed. The Convention then adjourned till I P. M. Daring the recess speeches were made by S. S. Masshau and U. F. LiuDsa, urging harmonious and conservative ac- tion and concUlalion towards the Buchanan Party into support a.dlreet accasati<m, thare arein;and faithful citizen, and a pure patriot. Some an held for higher prices: 'The Coal market is con-tiioD&and* of dollara, it is asserted, have been used * to carry on the nominations," not an election. In wbtt manner, then, could several thousand doBns be expended in this small State, to carry on nominations ? Certainly, not in eleetiooeeriDg documents, for there have beensiderably excited. _SAa Fkascieco, Friday, Dec. 10—8 P. H. WauKT dull, at 2Se,«27c.The steamer A'or/iemer, with Victoria and Ore- MoBoi, Sunday, Jaa. 7.' The American citizens on the Island of San Joss I03tc«10>ic for middling.hr.d held a meeting and resolved that the Island l}e- Niw-Oaui>i, Saturday, Jan. 7. longed t» the United States. Cottonfirm; salesto-day,8,500bales,aLlOJc.The Legislature of Tenltoty had been «llc.for Middling. Susas, 7c.Q7Xc. Washiagtontills eomptcjstam has so ht matured as to be •stMSHd iodUfoently by the mass of the people,0d|ielMeh!as{lhant^ whose abiUtyand honestyan not «f sufficient character to gain for them thet^mbf snffiniea of a majority of the people, readi-ly 4saeead to nae such base means as the pnr-«]lMe4>ftbe dearest birthright of an American citi-ISMiinordertoelevate tbemselTes to distinction.fb*: recent political canvsts in this State, I regrett^mr, exhibits signs, if not facts, of the use ofoarmirting influences. If thflte in ns^.poaitire bad diewn more sctlvlty than during the previous CONCILIATIOH BICOKimfDEI)—AB8T>ACT Or THIorganized. the Senate.H. 6. Haxh was elected President of PhUadelpUa Sleek Bmmx*.Themen gold mines, stating that the minen were making Reading Railroad, 20^twenty dollars per day, notwithstanding the weather IslsodKaSrosd,11^;: PaansvhraalaRaUroed,37!4. was cold and the grouna covered vrith saow. Exchange on New-Toik, par.efPBOPOSITIOH FOB A COMTlHGZItT DISSOLUTION OPTHS CKIOtf.Ricmiotn), Ta., Sunday, Jan. 8. Gov. Lktchib's Message was delivered to the.Uessace af Cter. I.eteherTtrglBla.none of any consequence. Not in paying the ex- Legislature yesterday. It begins by alluding to the lUinols.The former declared that whoever was elected Pre-jwnses or bonus fees to stump orators,, for none happy tranqnUlity of an earlier period of the Repub- sident, the Union should not be dissolved.kave declaimed. Not in any honest manner surely. lic, which has been Interrupted by the interference of At the afternoon session, the Committee on per- Heney has been freely used for some purpose con- the citizens of the Northern States with the rights nnd manent organization reported for President, Johnwell supported in certain instances by &cts, that lation has been employed to defeat the execu- as follows: Wm. Jackson, of McHenry CountyJ. B.ition of the FuglUre Slave law within their limits. Plstt, of Jo Daviess County men hare been induced by promises of pecuniary It is cheerfully conceded that a large portion of the A. J. Banlngton, of Kane ;;J. B. Turner, of Cookand otlisr advantage, to vote against their own citizens of the North are; Allen Withers, of Mc- to the Constitution and Lean ; R. E. Goodell.of Will ; S. Spettlman, of Taze-yrefeienee in many casss, and in others to exerttheir personal influence over the action of theirfsllow men. Now, no charge is made against any to the extension of the Slave Territory and Slave;States. This lamentable state of things originated Inbat Ae appearance of evil ia strong and certain,•od it b. a duty which the political operator owes tion. He suggests that a conventioa of all States besummoned, and that full and free conference be hid to the community and to himself, if there is a to ascertain If the questions In controversy; Z. C. Casey, of Jefferson;gmtlenun that such a course has been pursued,the construction by Northern people of the Constitu-;W. H. ofpublic opinion which censures him in this respect, to exhibit the true course he has pursued, and, if possible, divest himself of snspicion and the ap-cannot be settled on some basis mutually satlsfectorytobothsections. Ifthedifferencebeir- recondleable, let the question of a peaceable separa-loyalthe Union, but It is not to be disguised that a largeR. W. Halloway, of Warren; W. H. Rolston,number are indtSerent to both, and prefer dissolutionwrong. A sad picture, indeed, tion be discussed. He recommends the Legislaturewould H be, and a sorry reputation would it s*in, to adopt resolutions in favor of calling such a conven- tories in wiilch it exists, from the Constitution, in-tion as is provided in the fifth article of the Constitu-tiuB, and ^pealato Legislatures of the several Statesto unite in the application proposed to be made toCongress in pursuance of the provisions of this article-If the Free States fail or refuse to unite In the appli-was unexpected as it was un&voiable. It was a cation, it will furnish conclusive evidence of a deter- left perfectly free to make just such laws and regula-if tke operations of politicians were to be exhibit- ed in all their detail to the public gaze.municipal institutton, existing In such States and Territories under the laws thereof. They also declare that tlie Democratic Party is tpledged in faith and honor, that all questions pertaln- mg to Slavery shall forever be banished from the balls of Congress, that the people of the Territories shall beThe nomination of Sith FAOCLroBS, Esq., for OovBinor. by the recent Opposition Convention,trioinph of the radical Abolitionism of the State <mxtheConservatismofthemasses,andit isin no wise a fair expression of the popular vrilL Ur. FiSELTOKD is a wealthy merchant, of very small politicalexperience. Heisadevotedandinfluen-mination on their part to keep up agitation. If theConvention meet, and the question cannot be satis-factorily adjusted, it will furnish evidence equallyconclusive. He also suggested that a commission oftwo of eur mos(^xperienced statesmen be appointedtions in respect to Slavery and all otljer matters of local concern, as they may determine for themselves, subject to no other restrictions than tiiosc imposed by the Constitution.That in the opinion of the Democracy of Illinois, Mr. BuOBASAA truly interpreted the Cincinnati plat-leaves a vrife and but not seriously.liumred, The horsj was killed and theSTBACugi) Saturday,7,The merchants are much the failure annoyed byPrimary Vacciaatlonj. Bi!-TacciDadoc!i:1,SS7 *,»be brought about, and a fair list of delegates be by marks of trepanning on the skull, and insinua^ Preecripli Di»lieiued.l0!,«61 90,840 SijeU 44,46S S,T7S MI,6llSHml Mr- DcMXl another— wiy iBfcential.delegates,•FatalAecldeat. /straight BepublicansHospital, claimingto bs the Duringand combine a•the popular sentiment. It vrill be noticed thatwJBgs,pretty_. . ^ De-nie resolutions adopted brought both wings un-Mr of representationand ^both conservative andcember :.tfhad theirthat the in Bellevue person1859 as above shown, aedtcal and ,afforded gratuitously to 134,418 persons.«A lai'ge nnmber of these vaccinations were on emi-NswASK, Saturday,''^an. 7.J AS. TAVLOKand Edward Duprr, while retum- ing from a pleasure ride tu Elizabeth, were run over - deronename,theBepublicanParty. Tetnotwith- bythenighttrain,about3o'clockthismorning,atthe- ''''BosTos, Saturday, Jan. 7. OLlvia Hovnt, of Lyme, N. H., is supposed to l vsrdlBgtoyontheresultofthatlo«g-p«ndlngmatch haveleftforCaliforniainthelaststeamerfromNew- , -1 -Mweea the Flttston (Pean.) Curling Cloh and the York, leaving behind him forged paper to the amount of eight or ten thousand dollars, on whleh he realized the cash. Several of the business men of Groton, Mass., and tbe Lancaster, Towssend and one of the Fitchburg banks, also the Bradford (Vt.) Baak, arethis foiiual there is not the baptism,sfsnitingfraternal feeling predominating which should exist between memben of a party. There is no union of sentiments, no affiliation Of principles,except ths broad and unanimous one of freedamtwochildren. DurrxwasWi:<Aas, Is an impostor.WouAH KsArrrs, convicted of arson for the pur-pose of swindling Insurance Companies, has been sentenced to ten years' imprisonment.yearsurgical services, vaccination and medlsha, werecrossing of the railroad and South Broad street here. Tatlob, a man about 30 years old, was lastantly killed. He was employed on Bdbb's Express, and^^^^^ ghackleg Mardev aad Salclde.cause of the act.^__^___ExteBslTe Fargeiica. XgCAPX or TBI CDLPaiT.gr<^ ^feto-ljork ^Umor^onbag, lanttarg 9,I86aSt. Lsow, Saturday, Jan. 7. „ Menu, Satoiday, Jan. 7. We have the foUow additional intelligence by COTTOK—sales to-day 6,000 bales atfbluredelivery,withoobuyen; VuA,IDs.: Baoea; 7Scs.««Ke.ing WHc^Ktifi. of the middlingOrtgonimi publishes reports from the Slmleka- Stockssteady. PennsylvaniaStateFives,92J ;Business with the country <br ths past few dAysThe nilasla DcHeeratie CeareBtlsB.week,batItIsbynomeansbrisk. Therehasbeenno movement of any consequence in any article, nor haS there been any sdvasce la prices. Provisions are verydull. LardisI3c.V». Candiesarequiat,at; week,|1,468,%5 exportsof the last:Pmu>xuaiA, Saturday. Jan. 7.grants at Quarantme.Appended is tbe regular monthly report, tat;Morris CanaL 4934 ;LongweUof Hancock ; A. 8. Brooks, of Adams ; W. E. Thomp- son, of Shelby; M. McCoimel, of. Morgan ; A. Shaw, of Lawrence ; U. F. Linder, of Coles ; S. A. Buckmas- ter, of MadisonAllen, of WilliamsonSenatorial delegates :son, O. B. Wlckiin, and T. L. Dickey.The resolutions unanimously adopted reassert andreaffim the Cincinnati Platform, in the words, spiritand whicb the same was and rati- meaning adopted,fied by the people in lb56, and rejects, utterly repu- diates all tuch new tests as the revival of the slave trade, a Congressional slave code for the Territories, or the doctrine that Slavery is a federal insUtutioa, arawlng its validity in the several States and Terri-stead of a mere beingvisit the 'of those States which form. In his acceptance of the Presidential nomina- l/egislaturestotial aiember of ^is party, and was tient upon ob- have passed laws to obstruct the execution of tion, when he said "Ihe people of a Territory, tikettoie 'fa State, shall decide for themselves tchether taining the nomination for the Governorship. It the Fugitive Slave act, and insist In the Slavery tkaU or shall not exiit icitAin their limiti"—i>as beea asLed how Abolitionism gained this sud- name of Virginia upon their unconditional repeal. den ascendancy ? I reply, by referring to the re- This controversy has now reached a point which de- osarks which cranmeneed this letter. The Badicala mands a speedy settlement if the XTnion is to be pre-that we bold it ths Imperative duty of all good cltl- sens to respect and obey \hB decisions of the Supreme Court—^thatwer«)elwithjust Indignationtheinjur- ious and unfounded imputation upon the Supremeof this State can command some millions of served. Virginia is prepared to do all that honor, Court, which is contained in the assumption on thepart of the Republicans, that in the Dred Scott case,that tribunal decided augusthilars, and it is fiuitless to attempt toUde the fact, which will soon become and the Governor recommends the revision of thethe of the rightpatriotism and duty enjoins towards its preservation ;nevertheless it is the duty of the State to be prepared,againstpeople in the Territories to determine the Slaveryquestion for themselves.That we view with inexpressible horror and indig-nation, the murderous and treasonable conspiracy of 'JDg on electfonst" and even nominations. Whether Military Institute be enlarged. He also recommends Jobs Bkovs and his confederates, and rejoice thatconspicuous, that a large amotmt is annually ex-pended, infamously and disgracefully, in "carry- brigades of minute men be organized, and that themilitia laws, that mimltlons of war be procured, thatW. J. Green, Massac. S. S. Marshall, W. A Richard-Presidency,Untitled Document Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 